BIBLIOTHECA 
REGIA. 
MONAC ENSIS. 


<36608304860014 


<36608304860014 . 


Bayer. Staatsbibliothek 


W Worber tern 


a LO a 
Hushofe of Youcedir Born 698. dred 1779. 
dil MP 


} t 


M.D. FRS. FSA.__ Born 1687; died 17685. 


es. 
Ben < 
Aa. 


NICHOLS, F.S. A. 


——$__ 


VOLUME IL. 


CONTENTS 


OF THE 


SECOND VOLUME. 


Original Letters of Mr. Warburton. (afterwards Bp. of 
Gloucester) to Dr. Stukeley, when both were young... 


‘The Bp. of Gloucester to EE one 
r De S . 


Mr. Warburton to Mr. 

—————- to Mr. fafterwar ‘ aia 

Dr. Heberden to Mr. Birth, « 5,- 4 eraiginss 5 

Dr. Robert Taylor to Mr. Birch . meres o 

Mr. Peter Des Maizeaux to Mr. Birch..............- 

Mr. Warburton to Dr. Nathaniel Forster. 
—to Rev. Thomas Balguy 


Dr. N. Forster and Mr. Birch........0.seeseeeecesecoee 
Mr. Warburton to Mr. Jortin. ....5...--+-+eee eens 172—188 
Shakesperian Correspondence of Mr. Lewis Theobald, 

Dr. Thirlby, and Mr. Warburton.............+.+ 189—647 
Mr. Theobald to Martin Folkes, Esq............+.. 618—620 

MoM, Warburton:..%.....00...0000. 620—630 
L. H. to Mr. John Watts (Theobald’s Printer)........ 631—633 
Mr. Warburton to Mr. Theobald... eee ccessere 634—653 
Mr. Theobald to Mr. Birch...........-00+seeeecseeeeee 654 
Dre AkensistoMr Birch ..... 0.020.000. ceeceserccees 656 
Memoirs of Dr. John Coakley Lettsom. .... .. ee ss sake 657 
IIS MMM 5 si Sines. 5 Gla w'clew sls Bone ceed 
———— Mr. Lewis Theobald 
On the Origin and Progress of The Dunciad.............. 748 
Original Letters to Dr. Stukeley. 

From Peregrine Marquis of Lindsey. ...........+++-.0+4- 769 
= Madward Lord Harley........-2.00..+0000eeeeee. ibid. 
-— Daniel Earl of Winchilsea......... +--+ 769—781, 782 
—— Algernon Earl of Hartford.............-....5 781. 784 
Sa Fates Karl of Derby... .. 2.0... ccs cee ses cccecees 783 


iv CONTENTS. 


es Page. 

t Original Letters to Dr. Stukeley. 
From Mr, Edward Stanley ....eee...-..00000-08eeceeees 783 
— Dhothas Earl of Pembroke..........2.20s0000 0008 ibid. 


= TieAbp, of Canterbury (Dr. William Wake) 783. 785, 786 
~«a2“Edward Earl of Oxford 


Dr. Stukeley to Sir Hans Sloane........ Oar at we oe 788 
Sir Hans Sloane to Dr. Stukeley.............- 

Dr. Stukeley to Sir Hans Sloane....... 
From Browne Willis, Esq.......-.+- 
—— Joseph Banks, Esq. ....... 

— Mr. J. Wasse .... ‘ 
— Sir John Clerk. . - 


—— Mr. J. Harley...... Hes Ee RMB iat ieee cokes 798 
— Rev. William Derham........... 6.2.6 e cece seen FID 
— Rev. Dr. Stephen Hales...... WR eS Osrstccces es 799 


— Mr. Michael Mattaire, 
— Rev. Walter Harris 
—— Mr. John Horseley 
—— Rev. Edward Vernon. 


“—— Dr. David Hartley ......... 
— Rev. Dr. Richard Pocdtke (Bishop of Ossory) . 
—— Orator Henley ......-.eee cece eect eee ees + +++. 808 
Mr. Warburton to Dr. Doddridge. ..........-++++++ 811—837 
The Bishop of Gloucester to Sir Eardley Wilmot. . . . - ahs, 837 
Bp. Newton's Confirmation of a Remark by Dr, Stukeley. . .. 837 
Character of Bp. Warburton by Dr. Cuming....-.-...-+-- 
Mr. Edward Cave to Dr. Doddridge. . . 
Rev. James Hervey to his Father......... ee 

to Dr. James Stonhouse..... abe 
Epitaph at Buxted, on Rev. Edward Clarke .....- a Sais oin)8 844 


Additions and Corrections, .....+.+0+0+++++ 24 004+ 845-852 


ILLUSTRATIO 


OF THE 


LITERATURE 


EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. 


——_—_— 


ORIGINAL LETTERS or Mk. (arrerwarps Bp.) 
WARBURTON to Dr. STUKELEY. 


LETTER IL. 


For Dr. Sruxeey, next door to the Duke Powis’s 
house, in Ormond-street, London *. 


Sir, Newarke, August 4, 1722. 


My neighbour Mr. Twells + telling me he 
had promised you some account of the Roman Sepul- 
chiral Urns lately dug up here, and my ambition 
to oblige a gentleman for whose character I have 
the utmost esteem seconding my friend’s entreaties ; 
I had but one objection to deter me from sending 
‘you what I know, or conjecture, of this discovery ; 
and that was, my slender acquaintance with this kind 
of learning: but, knowing how well able you are 
to improve upon the most imperfect hints, that 
remained no longer such. What then I could col- 
lect from a transitory view, and very uninforming 
relation, take as follows. The gentleman, in whose 
ground they were, discovered them in planting trees 
next the Foss-road side. There were four in num- 
ber, lying in a straight line, and at equal distances ; 


* This and all the subsequent Letters to Dr. Stukeley are 
carefully printed from the Originals, communicated by the 
Rev. J. Fleming St. John, M. A. Prebendary of Worcester. 

+ Who afterwards married Mr. Warburton’s sister Elizabeth. 

Vor. I. B but, 


H 


; 
t 


# 


e imagined 


2 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ey had found a treasure, and so care- 
“lessly and clandestinely dug them up, they were 


(a be the knavery of the workmen, who 


R _ broke into a thousand pieces. I shall only take no- 
"tice of what was contained in the most remarkable 


of them. Amidst the burnt bones and ashes, was 
found a rude mis-shapen lump of brass, about the 
bigness of a small walnut, half melted down, with a 
bit of bone, and some of the ashes sticking in the 
surface of it. At first view I conjectured it to be 
the Roman Fibula, as presuming the dead were ge- 
nerally burned in their ordinary habit, and am yet 
of that opinion. The other remarkable was a 
small brass figure,. about an inch and half long, 
very much the shape of a Legionary Ensign, on 
which I presume were the Emperor's head, and 
other usual decorations, but quite defaced by the 
injury of time. I leave you to make your inferences 
from this, of the degree or profession of the owner *. 
. | This adventure may not be inconsiderable, as it 
tends to a more perfect recovery of that part of the 
Foss-road that adjoins to us. You know, Sir, the 
Bishop of Lincoln +, by Mr. Foxcroft’s information, 
has fixed two stations in Brideford and Collingham 
fields, on each side us, grounded on the discovery 
of some coins in those places. But we, methinks, 
seem to have more than an equal claim to that ho- 
nour with them, as it is less probable that Urns 
should be found in any other place, than that Coins 
should. Besides, the argument will receive no small 
force from this consideration, that the place where 
‘they were dug up is not above half a dozen yards 
.from what we call the Foss, and on a very superior 
eminence on the South-west part of this place. If I 
can be further serviceable to you in any thing, I 
shall enjoy your commands, who am, Sir, 
Your very humble servant, © W. Warsurton. 
* See Stukeley’s “ Itinerarium Curiosum,” vol. I. p. 104. 
+ Dr. Edmund Gibson, afterwards Bp. of London. 
LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 3 


LETTER IL 


7 For WiLiiaM STUKELEY, Esq. 
. Vir specrasinis, , 28 Jan. 1728-9. 

_ SALVUS sis cum tua Podagra bene dotata, nobis 
Fortunz nothis vix concessa.... In, Diversorio, Cam- 
eriano jam dego*. Si malum tuum superbum ferias 

at, unum et alterum amicorum tuorum hic inve- 
nias. Officium epistole et tabularii nostri praesta- 
rem, sed nunc Acheronta, non fert animus movere, 
Intelligis. Verbum sat est. Uxorem tuam optimam 
saluto. Tibi stricté devinctus, Gut. WARBURTON. 


LETTER IIL. 


For Wintram Sruxezey, Esq. at Grantham. 


Dear Sir, B. Broughton, Mar. 1728-9. 

I received the favour of yours of the 21st of the 
Tast month some few days ago; and am glad to find, 
by the agreeable society you invite me to on Friday 
se’nnight, that your gout has left you free to enjoy 
that philosophic gaiety and serenity of mind that 
makes you happier than Eastern Monarchs; or (who 
I believe you think had a greater share of it) than 
the wisest Sages of Antiquity ; for we can scarce 
meet with one of them, whose natural temper an 
attentive view of the follies of the greater world 
had not strained and violated: one lamented man- 
kind, another laughed at them, a third railed against 
them, which was an evident proof that their study 
of human nature, how refined and delicate soever they 
) ht it to, had been too dearly purchased, 
ven at the expence of their own quiet, and integrity 
of temper. Alas! all their boasted study of huma~ 
ae never teach them to conquer their passions 
ordisguisetheir superstition. One of them, you know, 


* He had been recently presented, by Sir Robert Sutton, to 
the Rectory of Brand (or Brent) Broughton. 
B2 was 


4 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


was so high-mettled, that he was for planting men 
even on forbidden ground ; and the other so mealy- 
mouthed, that he would not allow the planting even 
of beans; which, in contempt of this latter, I am 
this moment a-doing in the farther end of my garden 
—as you, in defiance of the former, have undertaken 
the other part of cultivation in a sweet sequestered 
spot, which none but gods, or a man like them, is 
worthy to approach; where I desire my humble 
respects may be tendered, along with those I offer to 
yourself, when I profess how much I am, dear Sir, 
your most humble servant, and affectionate friend, 
W. Warsurton. 


P.S. I understand that “ the Friday of the Assize 
week” means Lincoln Assizes. I purpose to attend 
ou there; if any thing prevents your coming, or if 
I mistake the time, be so good to let me have a line. 
L return you Pemberton * with this, and with more 
thanks than he got guineas, 


LETTER IV. 


For Witi1am Stuxe ey, Esq. M. D. at Grantham. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, March 12, 1728-9. 

T hope you received one of mine last week with 
my intentions of waiting on you at Ancaster at the 
day. Since that, I have been pressed by a solicita- 
tion I could no-ways withstand, to attend a trial be- 
tween Sir Robert Sutton and Mr. Plumptre about 
the boundaries of their estates: this will neces- 
sarily draw me to Nottingham on the very day I had 
ypoeerss to myself the pleasure of attending you. 

y best respects and esteem to the gentlemen you 


* Probably Dr. Henry Pemberton, M.D. F. R. S. and Profes- 
sor of Physick at Gresham College, who published, by a large 
Subscription, ‘ A View of Sir Isaac Newton's Philosophy” in a 
magnificent quarto, but which greatly disappointed the expecta- 
tions of his Patrons, 


meet 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 5 


meet there, whom I live in expectation of meeting 
there in Summer. In the mean time I am daily in 
expectation of your kind visit to Broughton, and 
that you will contrive to stay a night or two with 
me, where we may converse together de quolibet 
ente, and laugh at the follies and impertinence that 
surround us. 

Dear Sir, your most affectionate friend, and 
humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER V. 


For Witxtam Sruxezey, Esq. atGrantham. 
: Dear Sir, Newarke, June 9, 1729. 

I had a great temptation to have gone over to 
Hough last Thursday, where I expected you was, 
and was heartily vexed that a pack of blockheads 
should have stopped my way. About two hours 
ago poor Doctor Hunter took a leap into the dark. 
I should heartily wish that this, or any other’ occa- 
sion, could bring you amongst us here *, where every 
~one has so just an esteem for my dear Friend. 

Just this moment I was lamenting to my uncle 
Rastall of the small hopes I had of so much happi- 
ness ; and he went so seriously into it, as to mention 
the service he thought himself capable of doing 
you in such a case, which he thought not small. 

Dear Sir, you will be so good to pardon the free- 
dom of this officious Letter, and believe-me to be, 
with much gratitude, 

Your most obliged humble servant, W.WarBurToN. 


* Dr. Stukeley was a native of Holbech in Lincolnshire ; and, 
having taken the degree of M. B. at Cambridge 1709, commenced 
ae as a Physician at Boston in his native county; but, 

1717, removed to London, where he was in that year elected 
F.R.S.; became one of the Re-founders of the Society of Anti- 
quaries 1718; and in 1719 took the degree of M. D. at Cam- 
bridge, and became a Fellow of the College of Physicians. In 
1726 he removed to Grantham, where he continued to reside till 
4729; when he entered into holy orders. See p. 6. 


LETTER 


6 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


“LETTER VI. 


For Witu1aM SruxEtey, Esq. at Grantham. 
Dear Sir, B, Broughton, June 13, 1729. 
I was perfectly charmed with the secret your 
obliging Letter of the 11th instant communicated to 
me. I have great satisfaction in the prospect of the 
services you will do the Church*; and of the 
honours you, I make no doubt, will in return re- 
ceive from it: but, above all, you will allow me to 
indulge myself in the pleasing prospect 1 now have 
of a Friend of the Order. ‘ shall now begin to 
entertain more ambitious thoughts, when I can have 
such an assistant of my schemes; and I can readily 
id 8 all the strange malice I have hitherto met 
with, to be at length rewarded with a friendship, 
“whose last great bond is, as our friend Tully ex- 
presses it, ab eorundem studiorum usu. As to the 
alteration this will make in yourself, I do not think 
you could more consult your happiness, or advance 
your interests of every kind, than by this resolution. 
ou have a fine fortune, that of itself can provide 
mir the ornaments, as well as conveniences of 
ife; which, put to the addition you may reasonably 
expect in the Order, will furnish you with all the 
variety of satisfactions that a mind like yours can 
digest. “Above all, I am pleased with your thinking 
‘of London not above a month ina year. And for 
those serene pleasures of contemplation which so 
much delight you, you will find them much height- 
ened in the freedom and disengagement of our pro- 
fession. I long to see you; so that, if you do not 
let. me-see you, or know next week of some short 
day in which I may expect you; on Sunday se’n- 
night, in the afternoon, I will make you a visit. 
To fill up the paper, I send you the following criti- 
* Dr. Stukeley was ordained by Abp. Wake, July 20, 1729; 
and, in the October following, was presented by Lord Chancellor 
King to 'the Rectory of All Saints, Stamford ; a preferment for 
which he was in some degree indebted to the friendship of Sir 

Hans Sloane, as will appear hereafter. P 
cism 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. oy 


¢ism on a passage of Paterculus*, lib. I. cap. 4;'which 
‘I must desire your judgment of. You are to’ know 
‘that there is only a single MS. of this Author pre- 
‘served, and infinitely: faulty; so that the book is 
‘but a heap of errors, notwithstanding the attempts 
of many upon it. This Author, speaking of the 

original of Cuma and Naples, says; “ Cumas in Ita- 
lid condiderunt.” (sc. Hipghties & Megasthenes.) 
“ Pars horum civium magno post intervallo Neapo- 
lim condidit.  Utriusque urbis eximia semper in 
Romanos fides. Sed axis diligentior ritus patrii 
‘mansit custodia: Cumanos Osca mutavit vicinia. 
Vires autem veteres earum urbium hodieque mag- 
nitudo ostentat Meenium.” Now, 1 dare say, the 
word aliis sticks at first sight pretty much with you, 
‘for you observe this is all the way a conjoint account 
of the two cities, but in this part of the sentence it 
is dropt, and very impertinently said others pre- 
“served their Country rites more diligently ; which, 
‘certainly, so fine a Writer could not be guilty of. I 
dull Derekois, Sed weapo.is diligentior ritus 
patrit mansit ; which makes it a pertinent observa- 
‘tion, and worthy the notice of an exact Histo- 
rian. And it is not difficult to conceive Neapolis 

being corrupted to aliis by a stupid copyer. I would 

only know whether you can give me any light from 
some other Writer about this piece of Antiquity, 

that Naples continued the Grecian manners. longer 
than Cuma.—I will offer another to your considera- 
tion: Our Author, cap. 10, speaking of the se- 
verity of a Censor upon his Brother, expresses 
himself thus: Aspera circa hac tempora censura 
-Fulvii Flacei et P. Albini fuit, quippe Fulvii cen- 
‘soris frater, et quidem Consors, Cneeus Fulvius, 
senatu motus est ab iis censoribus.” Now where 

‘is the wonder that a man’s brother should be called 
his Consors too. It is true sometimes they are 

not so: but here Paterculus lays an emphasis on 

it as increasing the relation, ef ovipEM Consors. 

* Of whose “ History” he was then meditating an te ast 4 

rea 


8 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


1 read therefore as the true, et quidem Cowsocer. 
And this indeed might raise the wonder ; for there 
was not only the nearness of Brotherhood, but the 
bond was tied more close by marrying their children 
together ; for Consoceri, you know, are they whose 
son and daughter are married together. 
I am, dear Sir, your most obliged and most affec- 
tionate humble servant, W. Warsurton. 
*,* On this Letter Dr SruKevey has writteu: 
“T can think of no other meaning in it, than 
that, although these two places, Cuma and Nea- 
polis, had the same founders, and sat quietly 
under the Roman government, yet Naples did not 
so readily change its Greek customs, language, and 
manners, as Cuma did. This seems intimated b 
what immediately follows, Cumanos Osca mutavit 
vicinia : id est, the neighbourhood of the Oscan, or 
old Latin language, helped to alter that of Cuma; 
and ‘perhaps the Oscans subdued before the Romans; 
whence the Author adds that observation of their 
former strength, and the circuit of their old Walls. 
Naples was ever famous, not only for its sweet situ- 
‘ation and air, but for its gaiety; for the frequency 
of men of learning, whence the Romans went 
thither as to a Grecian Academy, for that freedom 
from noise, trade, and business, which Rome was 
full of. The very Country of Campania, where it 
stands, broke the force of Hannibal's army by its 
softnesses and delights. In this, I suppose, it dif- 
fered considerably from the rough parsimonious way 
of the other parts of Italy the Romans were masters 
of, There are endless quotations out of the old Au- 
thors, touching the charms of the place and the po- 
liteness of the people; which being much earlier 
than that of Rome, might, perhaps, give occasion 
to that reflection of the Author, that the Neapolitans 
retained their Country fashions longest. So that I 
hold your correction for good. — I know of nothing 
better than what you offer about Consors ; unless you 
suppose they were colleagues in some other office, 
and many were the Collegia, or companies at Rome. 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY, 9 


LETTER VII. 


For the Rev. Dr. SruKetry, Rector of 
All Saints, Stamford. 


- Dear Sir, September 5, 1730. 
I was much disappointed in not seeing you at 
Grantham, according to expectation. My brother 
‘Twells shewed me a Letter, wherein you charged 
the blame of it on me. But I must appeal to your 
own ingenuity, whether it be rightly placed, after I 
have told you that, when I came into Grantham, I 
inquired of every one that I thought could give me 
‘intelligence concerning you, but could hear no news. 
Atlength Mr. Smith told me he thought he saw you 
tide by, and believed you was gone to the Bishop. 
.From that intelligence, if it was right, I concluded 
_ that (as you had not called at Grantham, nor left 
any eonh by any one for me, as you went through,) 
you would not return to Grantham that night. 
Nor did Mr. Smith give me the least encouragement 
to think you would be back that night; but, on the 
: 5 when I asked him of his own coming 
back, who was then himself going to the Bishop, 
he returned me such a doubtful answer as could give 
-me no encouragement to stay, though I told him 
amy chief occasion of coming was to meet you. Af- 
‘ter this, you may easily imagine I had little encou- 
F t to pass the night alone at Grantham. 
- This isa fair state of the case; and I hope you will 
consider over again before you confirm your condem- 
nation of me. It was 6 o'clock before I left Grant- 
ham.—This matter has been a real concern to me; 
‘but would be much greater, did I not think you 
-was well assured how much J am, dear Sir, 
- Your sincere friend and obedient humble servant, 
gas cxty tomas W. Warsurton. 
~My humble service to good Mrs. Stukeley. 
jtai LETTER 


10 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER VIII. 


To the very Rev. Dr. Sruke.ey, at Stamford. 


Dear Sir, August 18, 1731. 

I am first to thank you for my kind entertainment 
the last time I was with you; and to hope that this 
will find you in that serenity of mind, which, to 
the pleasure of your Friends, so amiably lightens in 
your countenance, and which it should not be in 
the power of fools and scoundrels to ruffle. I think 
it is great pity that your region will not afford friends 
and acquaintance, not so much for, your sake, as 
for theirs who might bave the benefit of such a 
converse. But, you have one peculiar happiness 
that makes amends for greater inconveniencies ; and 
that js, the agreeable companion you have at home, 
capable of enhancing all the pleasures, and sooth- 
ing all the cares, of human life. And from the ac- 
complishments of such a companion the man receives 
-peculiar honour, as the. younger Pliny says of his 
Friend, “magna gloria dignus est qui uxorem, quam 
virginem accepit, tam peritam politamque reddide- 
rit.” For you must know, my good Doctor, that I 
regard Woman in her natural state as one of those 
odd pictures that I have formerly seen at Oxford, 
which they use for a very pretty experiment in Op- 
tics. They produce you a’ board, on the plane of 
which is thrown together a great number of colours, 
‘as it appears, with the utmost confusion and dis- 
order, the most visible work of chance. But, by 
applying to it a cylindrical steel mirror, there imme- 
diately rises on its bosom a beautiful reflected form 
in all the justness and artifice of design. A woman 
is this coloured table; in whose capricious and vari- 
able fancy discordant and monstrous ideas are, by 
the force of the passions, whimsically daubed on at 
random, which present no mark of the workman- 
ship 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 11 


ship of the great plastic Nature. But, if happily 
a Feet husband be applied, he does the business 
of the cylinder.. The scattered lines are now re- 
duced in order, an elegance of design arises, and 
the reflected union of colours, and harmony of 
light and shadow, speak the workmanship divine. 
If, as you expect, Mr. Gale and you go to Lin- 
coln, on your giving me notice I will endeavour to 
meet you there. y humble service to Mrs. Stuke- 
ley, concludes me, dear Sir, your most humble ser- 
vant, and affectionate friend, = W.Warsurron. 


LETTER IX. 


: To the very Rev. Dr. Sruxetey, at Stamford. 


_ Dear Sir, Newarke, August 30, 1731. 

_ I received the favour of yours from London, 
and'accounted very much, as you may see by a 
letter left at your house at Stamford by Robert 
Taylor*, of meeting you at Lincoln, which design 
I was confirmed in by the receipt of this; but some 
little business has happened, that unavoidably calls 
me another way at that time. But this loss to me 
will, I hope, be soon repaired; for the Visitation is 
drawing on, where we shall, I suppose, have the 
aged meeting, according to custom, at our old 

riend’s the Lecturer’s. I was surprized to see your 
last dated from London. I hope some good occa- 
sion drew you thither, the journey appearing to be 
unpremeditated ; for I do not remember I heard you 
mention any thing of it when I was so lately with 


you at Stamford. 
‘Iam, dear Sir, your very affectionate friend 
aod humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


My most humble service to Mrs. Stukeley. 


* Dr. Robert Taylor, of whom hereafter, 
LETTER 


12 “ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


LETTER X. 


For the Rev. Dr. SruKELEy, at Stamford. 


Dear Str, From my Study, Oct. 30, 1731. 

I have told you enough of my waking thoughts to 
make you think them little better than dreams. I 
will now tell you my dreams, that perhaps you may 
think more like waking thoughts. Last night I 
dreamt you and I, assisted by that Dedalian Artist 
the Fancy, were mounted up into the middle regions, 
and, with expanded wings, taking the tour of the 
Universe, and surveying in our course all that 
was great or curious in Art or Nature. In the midst 
of these ravishing contemplations, soaring with too 
negligent a flight, methought we blundered through 
the top windows into an old building, hightCathedral, 
that unluckily met us in our progress. I dreamt we 
were no sooner in, but we lost all our etherial tem- 
per; and, like the Devil, in Milton, travelling 
through the antient realms of Night and Chaos, who 

meets 

A vast vacuity: all unawares 

Fluttering his pennons vain plumb down he drops ; 
so, methought, fell we; and, when we got to the 
bottom, found ourselves ensconsed in two Prebendal 
Stalls; when immediately the gout seized you, 
and I fell into an old fit of the spleen, which 
I yet feel hanging on me. 

As my best remedy, your company, is ‘not at 
hand, I am forced to seek amusement amongst those 
who most resemble you, amongst the learned dead. 
But, since my late travels, my head running much 
upon Voyages, I should be obliged to you to 
lend me Le Brun’s Travels, if you can contrive 
any way of sending it to me, It shall be taken 
great care of. My 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 13 


My humble service to Mrs. Stukeley concludes me; 
dear Sir, your inseparable friend and servant (as 
you see, both sleeping and waking), : 

: W. Warsurron. 


LETTER XI. 


For the Rev. Dr. Sruxerey, at Stamford. 


Dear Sir, November 10, 1731. 

I received your agreeable letter, and should be 

glad we pst have any opportunity of seeing one 
another oftener. If you do not go to London, I do 
not know but that towards Christmas I may have an 
opportunity of coming to Stamford, in case you be 
in the country; but I was told by a gentleman who 
lately came from thence, that they talked there, as 
if you would spend a great part of the winter in 
town. The same person told me further, that he 
they call the Dean of Stamford shews to every body 
a letter wrote to him from you in the most malicious 
and aggravating way in the world, wherein you 
earnestly desire him to concur with you in choosing 
Mr. Peck, who, you assured him, would do whatever 
you would have him. He represents this, which 
appears to me to have nothing unfair in it, as strangely 
to your discredit. I thought it proper to acquaint 
you with this Devil of a Dean, and how much he 
wants exorcising; the Court holy water, which, it 
seems, in that letter you gave him, makes him but 
the more impudent. 

Mr. Theobald has entered into articles for publish- 
ing Shakespeare with Tonson. It is to appear by 
next March; and he is to have for it eleven hundred 
Suineas*, and your humble servant for his pains 
one copy of the royal paper books. But, as he has 
given me full tatisfuction for his late conduct, 

and appears to be willing to perform the part of a 


* Of this, more hereafter. 
man 


14 ILLUSTRATIONS, OF LITERATURE, 


man of honour, I absolve him from all hard thoughts, 
and am disposed’ to serve him all I can... This I 
thought proper, for good reasons, to let you know, 
whom L had acquainted with my (groundless as I 
am glad to find it) suspicions and complaints, 

Le Brun did not come last week by the waggon. 

Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate and most 
ebedient humble servant, W. Wanxsurron. 


LETTER XII. 


For the Rev. Dr. Sruketey, at Stamford. 


Dearest Sir, B. B. May 9, 1732. 

YOUR very agreeable letter came very oppor- 
tunely ; for it found me overwhelmed with grief for 
the variety of ill usage my most excellent Patron * 
has lately met with. And, I will assure you, it is no 
. small aggravation of it, that I have no opportunity 
of testifying my. gratitude to him by serving him, 
though by the sacrifice of my fortune. I envy the 
felicity of antient times, when it was so frequently 
in the power of the meanest faithful dependant, by 
one brave stroke, to render good service to his Pa- 
tron, when bore hard upon by faction and injustice. 

I wish, as you say, I had known that circumstance 
of —————’s good-nature and manners, and I should 
have treated hiin as he deserved; but there is not, 
even in human nature, ill-nature enough to treat so 
rascally a scoundrel with sufficient contempt; for 
this wretched Attorney has received many and great 
obligations from that family. But I will withdraw 
myself for a moment from these uneasy reflections. 

I like your project much, which invites me to take 
Tbhompson’s-+¢ shop; and, could I get Tyndal and 
Henley, Jackson and Waterland, Peckius and Wor- 
mius, for my garreteers, I should not fear to make 


* Sir Robert Sutton; see p.3. + A Provincial Beokseller. 
any’ 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 15 


my fame, that:is, my profit, more extensive than my 
renowned rs; who once told me, with the 
proud Parnassian sneer, that his Mercuries were 
read and admired in Ireland, Barbadoes, and New- 
foundland. As‘for Peck’s “ Desiderata,” I cannot but 
think young Roger Gale punished in the Dedication 
for the sins of his Grandfather, who generally pre- 
fixed to his fine editions of the ancient Greek Au- 
thors some stupid Man of Quality, that could hardly 
read English ; so that, as he was always compli- 
menting stupid Patrons, it is but according to the 
reason of things, that his Grandson should be com- 

imented by as stupid a Client, whose invention, as 
Shakespeare says, ‘‘comes from his pate like birdlime 
from frize, it plucks out brains and all.” 

Your reasons for your determination of always 
writing in Latin are good, and wise, and solid. I per- 
ceive you had entertained a strange notion of the 
difficulty of a thing, which, in effect, with practice, 
to one who knows the tongue, is easy enough. 

My humble service to good Mrs. Stukeley. I 
wish you both an agreeable journey to Buckden ; 
and that, if she likes the old furbelloed mansion, 
she may one day become mistress of it, where she 
and I, in quality of your Lordship’s fone ar will 
agree, according to the good old laudable custom, 
to rule and govern you, and dispose of all your Stalls 
and Standings; and while you, whom we shall con- 
fine within four walls, are adjusting the difficulties 
of ancient zras, we will make the most of the time 

present; and* while you are consulting for the cre- 
dit of the Fathers, we shall be scheming for a pro- 
-vision forthe Sons and Daughters. And the wisdom 
between a petticoat government, and government 
D Press gown, is but a trifling difference: a woman 
‘that knows how to manage a hatch of goslings may 
‘be capable of adininistering a Diocese. 

_ Tam, dear Sir, your ever affectionate and faith- 
ful friend, 9 ©. W. Warzorron. 


16 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P.S. Miss, I suppose, keeps close to Montfaucon 
yet. Inanother year she will make a better Anti- 
quary than Peck; for, I observe, she already knows ~ 
the difference between Pan’s Pipe and Apollo's 
Harp: which is more, apparently, than he does; ° 
or his ass’s ears would not be so perpetually startin 
out, to testify the ill judgment he gives, and the il 
choice he makes ; but, if his hand has but the same 
attractive quality with his Predecessor Midas’s, of 
drawing gold to him, he cares not what resemblance 
there is between their heads.—I feel my uneasy re- 
flections returning upon me; and am forced to leave 
our Antiquary as he leaves old Cecil, half uncele- 
brated.—V/ale, amice dulvissime. © Wews 


LETTER XUI. 


Gut, Warsurton, amplissimo doctissimoque viro, 
Gutretmo SruxkE ero suo, S: 


Aug. 8, 1732.- 
LITERAS tuas, 6 Bone! facetas et perelegantes 
jamjam accepi. Carmen amabile, quod, ex morbo 
evadens, tam lucidé pangis, statim atque legi, subiit 
mentem docti divinus Luereti furor, qui, cum perio- 
dice febres inducias haberent, solitus est carmina, 
pharmaci loco, adhibere ; dum defeecata vis animi, 
vepaet 9 gate LED IGEN LET IRE BOTS extra 
Processit longé flammantia meenia mundi. 
Fuit revera mihi, et laudis nostre gratulatio tua 
jucundissima, et doloris consolatio pergrata; nam, 
secundiim vetus dictum, laudes 4 laudato viro acci- 
pio. He sunt solatia, he fomenta summorum dolo- 
tum. Firmissima tua benevolentia stipatus, vel du- 
rissimas molestias, vel fastum turgidum et superbum 
Asini Ecclesiastici dignitatibus onusti, aquo animo 
ferre possum. Quod tu dicis de itinere hic faciendo, 
mirificé me letificat, Sine ulla mora, precor, con- 
silio 


MR, WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 17 


silio factum.adjunge. Velim quoque scire quo die 
venias, ut de obviam itione tibi faciam, sicut vicissim 


mus, 

Pauld ante illustrissimus Peckius, Sidus piwrav 
apyosoyeaGoy, inter itinera sua in domum nostram 
divertebat, coenabat, discubuit. Vidula ejus de 
more conferta erant et cruditatibus distenta ; similia 
bulge isti infernali de qua Poeta lepidus Swiftius 
suavissimé canit: 

His budget with corruption cramm’d, 

The contributions of the damn’d. 
id est, Poetarum, Oratorum, Historicorum, vi 
Criticorum censorié, in wrumnis atque miseriis 
cloacarum degere evum damnatorum; usquedum, 
revolventibus fatis, hic Eques erraticus incantamen- 
tum rumpat, et illos innocentes, foedé laceratos et 
spoliatos a defendat, protegat, ac in lucem re- 
vocet. Si fides sit isti prima philosophie, qua a 
Natrice in gynecio nos omnes imbuti sumus, que 
docet homunciones ex Apiato oriri; jurarem per 
omnes Deos Deasque clarissimum hunc Antiqua- 
rium, qui 4 Stanfordia petit originem, vice Apiati, 
si i fortuna, sepulchretum istud monasticum, 

is soporificis et lethalibus obsitum, pie portis 

oppidi situm, natalitium locum habuisse : hinc amor 
euculli, hine protervitas ingenii, hince odium in 
bonas li if 

Vale, vir optime, quo mihi nemo est amicior, 
nec jucundior, nee charior. Ornatissimam uxorem 
tuam, et tenellulam Antiquariam meam, plurimim 
saluto. Domus te tota nostra salutat. uu. W. 


‘ 


LETTER XIV. 


To the Rev. Dr. Sroxetey, at Stamford. 


Mosr pear Sir, November 13, 1732. 
I heard by accident you was at Grantham. Vi- 
_sitation; and, as'I have reason to suspect, in pur- 
VOL, 1. c suance 


‘18 “ILLUSTRATIONS | OF LITERATURE. 


“suance of my mentioning that place of meeting in 
‘my last. But it gave me a most sensible concern, 
that you was not so kind as to come forward to 
‘Broughton; more especially when I reflect, that it 
‘séems to be owing to the appearance of neglect on my 
“side; which suspicion I could have removed, had I 
‘thotight you would have been there, by a ‘letter. 
But indeed, imagining, from my not having an 
answer to my last, that you was scarce got from ‘Mr. 
Gale’s, I did not provide against the mischance. 
The truth of the case is this: I have been very ill 
for three weeks; at that time I was under a course 
‘of physic, attended with an indisposition that hin- 
dered me from’ getting upon horseback, which re- 
quires to you no explanation; nor’wa’s Table to ride 
with’ safety ‘tll just now: * ‘This, I say, makes me 
sorry you wotild not come on, if it'was only to find 
whether I was in fault; ‘and, ifso, toreprove meas I 
ought. “1 think our friendship ‘required thus much. 
Tam sire your coming would, for more reasons than 
one; have been very useful to me. I gave you too 
an example the last ‘time! did myself the pleasure 
of waiting on you ; when, though I found you not 
at the New Inv, though I then knew no more the 
reason’ of your absence than you now did of mine, 
yet Iipushed forward. witliout hesitation. And in- 
deed if, in an intimate friendship like ours, we 
must be subject to the plague of punctilios and sus- 
picionis, I shall be the most unhappy man breathing : 
for, ‘to me, stich an’ alliance is not like a vulgar ac- 
quaintance ; and, while I labour under the thought 
of any thing being taken amiss of me by a friend, I 
am capable of no ease. ;| Therefore, though I have 
given you the sincerest state of the case, and the 
true reason why I could. not. come, yet, if you think 
it not sufficient, 1 will make what acknowledgment 
and submission you will please to enjoin me. 
On Thursday I set forwards to the other side of 
Lincolnshire, and’ shall retarn on the Tuesday fol- 
lowing. 


NERREERON TO DR. STUKELEY. 19 


6 ge Nl ‘be so good to appoint any 
-shall-meet you, to drag you to 
B 1, 1 will attend you at the’ day and hour. 


if me this faow I shall suspect you do 
e me. yoy ei 

i Ny bumble eétvice to your good spouse 

MI , concludes me, dear Sir, your most 


spent Rfeniiad servant and friend, 


22% bsiDh sein "A WwW. W arnuxton. 
(me De bedi —t 5 f - 
; mma 2m) 01.81 j 
THB. BOK ATO meet EB, XV. 


4 . 
For the Rev, D Wr, § UKELEY, at Mr, Sisson’s, Strand, 


PnP ne February 4, 1732-3. 
a ee hale of your health, da where vou 
e | you wrote to my Brother*. I 
ch te see you, and shall be glad when 
». Lam now very throng about m ‘Mae 
, and want to talk to you de quolibet ente. 
> my point in such a manner, that 
gation shall never be called in ques- 
tial men. But, you know, the 
secret, that it may have when it 
ie grace of novelty. 
Pearce’ s-} dispute, that makes so 
ave seen: Middleton writes very 
0 his vindication of his Letter, has 
: urdity. Pearce is a heavy writer. 
‘ou meet with every thing 
ur mind, and that you will soon 
ff this voyage. If you have an 
ask Watts, by-the-by, when Theo- 
e is like to come out. 


rce S atemenild Bp. of Rochester) took up 

terland ; whom Dr. Middleton, in the dis- 

Yi ve Christianity as old as the Creation,” 
‘with the utmost contempt and severity, 

c2 ray 


20 - . ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE.’ 


, Pray, what says the world of Bentley’s Milton ? 
Iam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate friend, 
and sincere servant, _ W. 


LETTER XVI.’ 


~ For the Rev. Dr. Sruxetry, at Mr. Sisson’s. 


~ Dearest Str, February 10, 1732-3. 
The receipt of your kind Letter of the 8th in- 
stant was an inexpressible pleasure to me on many 
accounts. Iam charmed with the account you give 
me concerning your intentions of printing yoar fine 
work of Stonehenge* in good earnest. If you print 
it by subscription, I desire the honour to be in your 
List, and that you would send me a receipt, and I 
will send you the money. I have at present a full 
intention of taking a journey with you to Salisbury 
Plain in May: the project is perfectly right in seve- 
ral views, which have made me so oft repeat my in- 
Stances to you to print. It is with the utmost con- 
cern I see you write that you gave ————— a title ; 
urely on your own account, because I am afraid 
it should raise a terrible clamour against you. The 
news of his going into orders creates a furious scan- 
dal here; and I believed it false till the receipt of 
your Letter. I ask your pardon for being thus free; 
ut my concern for your glory and interest in life 
is so cordial, that it would be infinite concern, that 
all those amiable excellent qualities that fit you for 
the first stations in it, should ever receive any acci- 
dental clog from only the too precipitated effects of 
your good-nature and humanity. But, perhaps, it 
would go too hard with the scoundrels of the world, 
and they could not support through life an uneasy 
conscious worthlessness, if the great and good cha- 
racters did not now and then give them a little relief 


* This elaborate Work was not published till 1740. 
in 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. QL 


in exercising their malice, by too generous and un- 
r ed’an action. I mean, such an one as has not 
what the world calls its full seasoning of \pradence. 
Nobody has’ experienced this more home than I 
have done, by a thousand imprudences in my course 
of life; and-what makes the reflection of it more 
ifying to me is, that | have no other claim to 
likeness of the good characters I mentioned above; 
— with them in their foibles.—But to 
. Lam persuaded that, when you see me, you 

will convince me of the rash judgment I have passed 
ph ees your good-nature ; and that indeed 
there were proper reasons, such as T must’ approve 
of, for’ your giving him a title; though, perhaps, 
ppm ig none for the acceptance of that title 
_ at the place where it was offered: for I have no no- 
tion of a man’s running to the tremendous Altars of 
Jesus, reeking from the hot pollutions of a brothel, 
and covered over with all the stains of lewdness and 
nn, write, and preach, and idly 
»a midnight lamp, in defence of our sacred. 
ensation; but, while such become our coadjutors, 

with us as watchmen on the rampart of 
Faith, we shall be an eternal derision to our ad- 
versaries, and the torrent of Infidelity will still 


rollon. 
As to what you say of Sir Isaac Newton's “ Scrip- 


ecy,” Paminclined to think your judgment 
rt y right. Though he was a prodigy in 
i r, yet 1 never expected great things in this 


* Fletcher Gyles, the well-known Bookseller in Holbourn. 
‘sted tion, 


22 . ELLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, - 


tion, where Iam ordered to preach; I custo, you to 

ame the Rostrum in my:fayour.,, You .did_ per- 

rear in reading:a discourse to the Royal Soci- 

ona very capable subject *, for I remember 

great’ Montaigne will not allow, any Physician 

to on Sines ughly skilled in any distemper but. what 

he hiniself has laboured under. I suppor d shall 
see it in the next Transactions. 

©’ T lament with you heartily forthe death of the excel- 

lent Earl-+-. I’ knew it would be a great grief to-you. 

_ Sir Gilbert} i is indeed ; gone, | 
From dreams of millions and three groats to pay, 


ih the merit. of three groats, and a debt, of mil- 

A think..with the Poet, Providence enough 
oe how contemptibly it esteems riches when it, 
so burthened ‘an overlaboured individual... . ©, , 


Your mention of the First-fruits-office put me in. 
mind to desire a favour of you, which is,’ to pay my: 
tenths’ for Brand Broughton, Lovedéh hundred ; 
they are 3l. 11s. 4d. I have got a good bill drawn 
for you'for 4/..38, 10d.; the remaining 12s. 6d. I. 
must desire the further favour of. you to pay as the 
first ‘subscription for the second part of Burnet's 
History; receipts are delivered, I ‘suppose, by Tom 
Burnet § in the Temple. I wasa subscriber. to the 
first volume. 

Tam in sad pain for your health dit all the 
terrible infection of the City, and wish I/had you 
safe at Broughton. I thank you for your advice 
concerning application and health; it is. perfectly 
right, and 1 will follow it. | There is, as you truly 
observe, no encouragement for our ware, or = Jearned 


* On the Gout ; see p. 2 

+, Thomas Herbert, earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, : 
died Jan, 22, 1732-3. 

+ Sir Gilbert Heathcote, who died Jan. 25, 1732-3, was reputed, 
to be worth 700,000/. very honourably acquired, 

§ The Bishop's third and youngest son, afterwards one of the 
Justices of the Common Pleas. 

industry, 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR.) STUKELEY. 23 


but: the: divine: particula aure,; which 

pee in so sharp a climate, that many, im all ages; 

oby it: “I believerone may take a 

wohmuiaraibant, skipper a whale-fishing ant 

Greenland) with less: danger and\) more) profitj:aud 

yet comeback improved: enoughsfor the:conversa+ 

for = area lin Ordinary:  yecion som 

of Friends! «and confidently. believe 

me. to be: your! most ‘affectionate «and «most devoted 
en o0 ton Ws: Warpukton. 


lombysarneyenadesg :: besb epraw li aisvo) sxoy tact 
stb pose aidin—iiw aid to caslunisisc ia 
ab a i LB TT ER XVI of ids od 
+e ted Of ADBOMSr i>. didi’ aad 


srotfForithe Bev. Dr. Sruxsiey, vat Mr. Simons ’ 
4-etae We: porbod %s 
_» Dearssr Sie; | February 19, 1732- 3» 

_ Your kind. letter, of, the, 1gth, gave. me extreme 
great pleasure,. to find that you had_ proceeded, so 
extremely right i 


in —— ’s affair. I knew you 


would get great, credit by. refusing hima testimonial; 


and the fear of your having given him one made me 
i Ipaietemibeiprsiecancnces. You rightly observe, 
thesia a title was nothing: for that is a 
matter that relates only to his support, not at all to 
his morals. I might, indeed, easily have imagined 
a would have set me right when T saw you, and 
ae well spared my reflections on it ; but 

ys good as to pardon my wrong appiehen- 
‘sions. But I will tell you another. thing : this tes- 
timonial, which, had it Ibeen of your signing, would 
»mach*clamour, you will find the world 

will enti overlook. in the inconsiderableness: of 
‘the three subscribers to it.» And this is the way of 
the world: You say, poor —~— has almost! lost an 
owould imagine the Bishop was in that 
condition when! he laid his:hand son bim) and so 
_ w's wife who had but one eye) saw 
faults, Bu iBrowidence will, turn every 

thing 


24 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


thing to the best ; and, if the Gentleman reforms, I 
shall be exceeding glad. + 

. Lam impatient to see Sir Isaac’s book *. If you 
have it of your own in town, and have read it, I 
should be obliged to you if you would take this 
way of conveying into the or where it must 
come; namely, by sending it by Newbal’s waggon, 
directed for me at Newark; and, when I have read it 
over, I will take care to send it safe to Stamford. 

. To be-sure, it will not be news to you, to tell you 
that your Cousin Munn isdead ; perhaps you may not 
know the particulars of his will—to this effect: He 
bequeaths to his wife (in case she be molested in 
her jointure) 1000/.; otherwise 200/. to be paid at 
his mother’s decease; and 200/. to be paid Mr. How 
at the same time.—I see honest Edmund Weaver +- 
now and then; he has not done our Dials yet, for 
he exhausts all the science of old Ptolemy and Al- 
bumazar upon them. Providence protect you, and 
send you well down from a sickly, wicked town to 
the healthful and virtuous embraces of your excellent 
spouse ; and believe me ever to be, dearest Sir, 

Your most faithful and most affectionate Friend, 
W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XVII. 


For the Rev. Dr. SrukELey, at Stamford. 


Dearest Sir, March 4, 1732-3. 
I nore this will find you safe at home from your 
last London journey, and free from the gout; 
though, if that be a vindictive enemy, you can ex- 
pect no quarter of it for the future, who have so 
pry eR discovered all its secrets, its fort, and 
its foibles: and given such exact directions for the 
safe attacking, and the entire mastering of its viru- 
lence, for I have seen your fine Discourse on the 
* Sir Isaac Newton's “ Observation on the Prophecies of Da- 
niel, and the Apocalypse of St. John, 1732.” 
+ At that time a well-known Almanack-maker. 
use 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. ‘25 


_ use’of Oils, &e.* Dr. Taylor and I read it together 
with infinite pleasure. He is full of its praises, and 
_ swears you write as good astyle as Dr. Freind. It af- 
_ forded him the greater pleasure, I believe, on his 
» just before having been reading a ridiculous pam- 
_ phlet of Hartley’s-, which he sent from Bury, ad- 
dressed to the old women in that place, in favour of 
_ inoculation{. There was no part pleased us more 
than that beautiful and ingenious conjecture, towards 
_ the conclusion of it, about the benefit the old Ro- 
mans received by anointing themselves with oil. It 
‘is certainly very ingenious. I am only in some 
doubt about the fact; namely, that the old Romans, 
after the overflow of intemperance, were but little 
subject to the Gout. This you will clear up to me 
_ when I see you; for it seems to appear, from the 
d ponte the younger Pliny, that the distemper 
least as common, and as violent, as with us. 
_ He speaks of it asan hereditary distemper, as caused 
pr sor era as being so violent as to seize all 
j limbs at once with the most exquisite torments; 
‘of men who killed themselves, when no 
able to endure the frequent returns of it. 
These are all marks of a very prevailing distemper ; 
and his Uncle, in his Natural History, book xxvi. 
¢. 10. hints at. as much; though what he says in 
his first book has a different cast, when examined, it 
will appear to confirm his Nephew’s account. These, 
you know, are his words: ‘ Podagra morbus rarior 
solebat esse, non modd patrum avorumque memorid, 
verim etiam nostra.” 
 * Dr. Stu é after his settling at Stamford, foun - 
antets irelet en tne Gout by the Oleum paver ile sarebtal 
by Dr. Rogers, a Physician in that town ; and in 1733 published 
_an account of the success of the application of these Oils in innu- 
instances, in a Letter to Sir Hans Sloane. He published 
also “ A Treatise on the Cause and Cure of the Gout, from a 
y a ¢;” which, with an abstract thereof, has passed 
several editions. 
+ Dr. David Hartley practised physic, first at Newark, after- 
wards at Bury, and finally at Bath, where he died Aug. 5, 1757. 
t Against the objections of Dr. Warren, of Bury. I 
D 


26 ILLUSTRATIONS) OF, LITERATURE. ~ 


_ Inthe first-place, unless the distemper was very 
common, at the» time of writing, the term rarior, 
when applied to the preceding times, is. very impro- 
pers But the: most remarkable part is, |his extending 
the word rarior to the times.so low.,as within )the 
memory \of. the:oldest' man’ then. living; for: that is 
the true sense of nostrd.memorid. | Now, to account 
for this, it is to be observed, that though,an age or 
two backwards they had introduced'the Grecian lux- 
ury ; lyet by: that’was only! understood thie,extrava- 
gance of building; furniture, equipage;, and rarities: 
not. of inte; ce, that) is, excess in, eating and 
drinking. This: is plainly:seen by the times of the 
first Cesar: the Grecian) Juxury was, then) at, its 
height; and' though» all ‘rarities, for the room, the 
bed;,and the;table, were sought for all.the world 
over; they were abstemious enough in ithe quantity, 
asappears from the Letters of Tully ; and. they.were 
only, the very abandoned profligates that transgressed 
in this particular., Under Augustus,.we may. ‘per- 
ceive by Horace, .intemperance and excess. were 
coming,in: but his manner of :satirising the vice 
shews that but few were infected with it. Butdin 
the times! of Juvenal atd the, Plinys it poured: in 
like-a torrent; and then it was, I presume) the dis- 
ease spread: proportionably : so that, if this\be true, 
Pliny might well-say it was rarior nostrd memoria ; 
and|yet might it be very prevailing at the. time he 
‘wrote ;,and the turn of the period, as I said:before, 
seems to imply so much. — But you will.clear up 
this matter to me. HID enrests 

Dear Sir, I am in hopes to see you at the Visita- 
tion, to have your company home. I intend to be 
‘at Grantham on Sunday night, because I know you 
come over-night, that I may have’as much of your 
by ani as I can. 

most humble service to good Mrs. Stukeley 
and Miss, concludes me, most dear Sir, 

Your most affectionate, W. Warsurton. 

LETTER 


“ 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 27 


comer Pina; priiddeus is int 


ere rr eR" xvii: : so chr cha 


ii dl led 


. Dr. Sruxexey, Rector of All Saints, 
Sa ee 

Raq eh’ acon # OK ¢-eguivesl 

‘anneis orld Maroney » duly 29,1734. 
_ Lintended long before now to have waited on. you, 
had not the account you gave me, when I last saw 
you, of the manner. you intended: to: dispose , of 
yourself for six or eight weeks from that, time, made 
1! ent with you) alter my design, till 
heard from» you; or.‘saw you at Broughton ; one 
or both of which you promised I might expect from 
you. |Fromithat day to this, you have persevered in 


sobstinate| silence; so long, that perhaps 

is time you: may have forgot you promised 

to writeror come. I donot know how to re- 
eoncile thisito:the state of our friendship; which on 
the one hand, as‘ it is past all forms, punctilios, and 
ies, soon the other will not dispense with 


any thing that looks like forgetfulness. had,once 

how long you would perseyere in it ; 
mdness for you made me impatient till I 
had expostulated with you. From aman I love, I can 
: ‘ ing ; and therefore think I may be al- 
lowed to say any thing my friendship dictates; and 
T hope this will be the last time I shall have occasion 
to write on this subject—About five weeks ago Mr. 
‘Smith came to pay me a visit on Sunday evening ; 
by whom [ learned that good’ Mrs. Stukeley was 
then at Newark. I did not press him to stay Mon- 
day night, because I had a mind to go thither to pay 
my respects to her. Accordingly, the moment he 
I went to Newark that evening, and found 
she had lefi'the town in the morning. And this ac- 
cident was the only intelligence I had of your family 
till last week, that I,went to pay a visit I had long 
owed to Mr, Richard Welby ; when, being so near 


‘Rone Mr. 


28 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Mr. Peck, I could not miss seeing him; and from 
him I learned of your health, who; was with you, it 
seems, at the horse-race. : 

He was brisk and alert as usual, and fruitful in 
new projects ; and ready and willing to pour out his 
blessings upon a necessitous world. He pants after 
immortality; and, was there in the humane fabric 
neither head nor tail, he perhaps would bid fair for 
it; but, while’a man has any brains to think, or 
any **** ** #%##, his labours will, I am afraid, 
have much ado to eseape the fire and the jakes. His 
a seems to have been some time on the decline; 

is ‘ Miscellanea Curiosa” being evidently but the 
last’ droppings of his ‘ Annals,” where he was 
drained so low as to record Roger Ceecil’s will, by 
which he gives to his loving wife 20 kye and a bull, 
and to his daughter Mary two compleat feather- 
beds. But it is now manifestly on the droop, and 
yet will fall harmoniously; like the swan; for he is 
at present busy upon a Collectien of all our Antient 
English Ballads; which, l understand, he intends to: 
give with notes and emendations. _ With all this he 
thinks he is serving the world. May it always thus 
be served! its neglect of merit, its ingratitude, and 
universal corruption, deserving no other devotees. 

Iam, dear Sir, with my humble service to Mrs.. 
Stukeley, your most sincere friend and humble ser- 
vant, W. Warsurton, 


LETTER XIX. 


For the Rev. Dr. SrukeLzy, at Newark. 


Broughton, Wednesday 

Dear Sie, evening, Oct. 1, 1734- 
Business unfortunately has happened, which will 
hinder me from enjoying the pleasure I promised 


myself this evening in your company. Mr. War- 
burton 


. 


DRY TAYLOR TO DR. STUKELEY. 29 


burton is as unfortunate in this particular as myself; 
for he has a relation from Oakham with him, which 
will not admit of his coming. over to. Newark this 
Seeds his best respects to you; and, 
i just not see you at ja this journey, 
he ises himself that pleasure when you come 

‘isitation. 1 beg you will be pleased to make 
‘i Dr. Rogers * : and. believe me, Sir, 
our obliges iend and servant,  R. Taytor. 
bri bane BeBe 2t21 960. , 
ti elhodede ds BE TER XX. 

, t e Rev. Dr. STUKELEY, at Mr. Sisson’s. 
My 'e : B. Broughton, 
hgads eo eee March 31, 1735. 

I want words to express to you the pleasure your 
ette which I received this afternoon, gave 
‘ alo impatience to hear of your health 
at. You divert me much with your ac- 
Miller’s Farces. Your reflection on that 
dmirably just ; and I cannot but compare 
_ starving chemist, who despises wealth 


2 ond 

f muddy porter, who, with only the art of 

the tap run plentifully, grows sleek and 

) vies with his barrels in froth and turbu- 
e. But we have all our weaknesses. 

Tow Bead do something that may remain a 

proof of studies not misapplied — 

Nee me animi fallit quam sint obscura, sed acri 
Pet cussit thyrso Jaudis spes magna meum cor, 

mul incussit suavem mi in pectus amorem 

orum+; quo nunc instinctus, mente vigenti 

via Pieridum peragro loca, nullius ante 

tasolo. Juvat integros accedere fontes, 

que haurire t.” 

1 1 Sician of eminence at Stamford; see p. 25. 


n in the Roman Poet. 
921. iv. 3S. 


But 


30 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


But of all the dabblers in the blind creeks of the 
Ocean of Immortality; commend me to Clarissimus 
[Peck], who launches out Folio after Folio, and 
mikes every year a good trading voyage, though he 
takes in nothing but ballast; yet this, as if it was 
the gravel ‘of Pactolus, is poured out upon the ne- 
cessitous world under the name of‘ riches. These 
he calls ‘his pops ; which a spring warmth so period- 
ically ferments, that I can scarce forbear comparing 
our illustrious friend to bouncing huffey small-beer, 
that will not be persuaded to stay in the bottle, and 
yet has not one dram of force or spirit when it is out. 

You must not expect much news from Newarke. 
I know nothing out of the way,of nature, but a 
child that was born there without a head. And 
yet my good townfolks have so generally, for this last 
age, come into the world without brains, that this 
happened, and nobody was surprised at the matter. 
; Mat Bradford has at length followed my Lord 
Howe * into the New World. Indeed, last summer 
he sang most musically, like the departing swan, on 
the banks of the Trent, in a dismal Elegy on the 
Duchess of Rutland’s death’: but I find his fate is to 
die in Barbadoes-waiters. ‘This Poem was addressed 
to his Grace: where, by an extraordinary flight of 
fancy, he compares him to Alexander, crying for 
new worlds. I did not take the conceit. So I asked 
a friend, whom I imagined might be in the secret, 
what relation there was between the Duke’s loss and 
Alexander's tears! He told me, he was equally at 'a 
stand, unless the Poet had a mind to insinuate that, 
as Alexander cried because he had no more worlds to 
conquer, so the Duke cried because he had no more 
wives to bury. So profound are our Provincial Poets! 

But, if you will allow me, after all this trash, to 
enquire after affairs of Learning, I would ask what 

* Emanuel Scrope, the secund Lord Viscount Howe, and M. P. 
for the county of Nottingham, was appointed Governor of Bar- 


badoes in May 1732; and died there March 29, 1735. 
new 


MRI-WARBURTON TO DRY STUKELEY. 31 


ork of nee is‘come out, or on the an- 
> Wha ae e' Bishops ’and Court’ ‘Chaplains 
. a their profession? “Sure, in this age of 
a “expect some master-pieces against 

‘ m1. reWhat ‘are you dpe ? Pri are 
» have the pleasure of seeing any thing of yours 
rein he press this spring? Mr. Whiston ‘has sent 
poke for his Josephus ; and I shall make 
‘to’ a oa “his subscription all I 

can Pray my hunible ‘service to him, when 

3 and my dity to my good Lord Tyr- 

connel, if you see him again before you leave town. 
: r is your very humble servant; but, 
sine lates shipwreck near the Gulph of Matri- 
t curiosity toexplore “the secrets 

nour Milton calls them. But we 

po bi us who fears no colours, 
us they say, your friend Jack Herring; who, from 
vantageous station, a butt of right Port, is 
ing to souse, over head and ears, in wedlock. 
ius aselisedy gone back to the Bookseller, to 
' 3 on the sage conclusion, that it 
’ to sleep i in him, than over him. “What 
sour Grevius, under this new form, 
ou) Hero, I I do not know. But, if the 
n ins] ives but at his past rate, his young 
We 110 ‘more cause to dread his violence, 
geod” ‘old Dame Antiquity had, who has 
( ugh his hands untouched, though he 

d at her ‘with seventeen Folios in front. The 
1e has found himself of late more disposed 
lew, than to revive old dec yed intelli- 


a 


Peat for I am toll that a new 
te, ol See’ Adrian, and Constantine the 
re clubbed to buy his mistress a diamond- 

5 ‘that Julia and Faustina have presented 
Lenemiretield smock. How true this is, I will 
getiaey not 


82 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


not pretend to say. But this is certain: his family 
grew very uneasy lest this hopeful youth should 
pve to have too much brains for the Saracen’s 

ead ; but are now quite at rest on his undertaking 
a business that will probably serve him his life, and 
may be done without book. 

_I long to see you; and should have been glad, had 
my convenience suffered me, to enjoy that pleasure 
in London. I hope you will be down by the Visita- 
tion. I heartily wish you all success in your affair, 
I see, by the Stamford Mercury, our good friend Mr. 
Denshire has made the sorry rascals who abused him 
and his son give him full reparation, which it was a 
pleasure to me to see. I desire my bumble service, 
and hearty respects to him; and am, dearest Sir, 
your most affectionate, and most faithful friend, 

W. Warzurron. 


LETTER. XXI. 


To the Rev. Dr. Sruke.ey, at Stamford. 


Dear Sir, [So dated] 1735. 

I received the favour of yours, in which you ac- 
quainted me you could not meet me at Peck’s, as you 
had thoughts to do. The reason was a very good 
one; and, as I had no other intention in that jour- 
ney than the meeting you, I went not. You had 
been too civil, and had too long courted one you 
should have despised. Mrs. Stukeley found him out 
to be what he is, long before you did; but enough 
of one whom I desire you and I may never have oc- 
casion to mention again but to laugh at. I have re- 
ceived the Richardsons *, father and son, whom you 
was so kind as to send me, and shall take care of 
them, and return them safe to you. Such a heap of 
wretched senseless impertinence, and more senseless 


*-The two Painters, Jonathan Richardson, father and son. 
vanity, 


MR, WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 33 


vanity, I never before saw together, to be matched 
by Horning but “ Tom Coryat’s Crudities.” 

I have long had a quarrel with you, for being so 
niggardly of your Letters. You will just pay your 
debts to your friends; but you will give them no 
credit, and balance your correspondence as exactly 
as if you was writing from a counting-house. Be as- 

, [have never a greater pleasure, than in a good 
long Letter from you. But for one who writes with 
so much ease as you do, you have no excuse for 
being so thrifty. - 

I want to know whether your Work be gone to 
the press. ‘The Pamphlet r told you of, in defence 
of the Established Church against the abolishing of 
a Test, is almost printed off. So I fancy I have got 
the start of you; and so I had need ; for the slowest 
runners ought to have some advantage. It is a tick- 
lish subject ; and, 

_ “—_ res antique laudis et artis 
Ingredior ; sanctos ausus recludere fontes.” 

The title is, “‘ The Alliance between the Church 
and State; or, the Equity and Necessity of an Esta- 
blished Religion and a Test Law demonstrated, from 
the Essence and End of Civil Society, upon the 
Fundamental Principles of the Law of Nature and 
Nations. In three Parts. The First, treating of a 
i ‘il and Religious Society. ‘I'he ‘Second, of an 
cm i Church. And the Third, of a Test- 


” 

Pray do you go on with the Dialogue, “ The 
Hexameron?” I wish we could see one another soon. 
Our friend Edmund Weaver has been with me with 
an Almanack. The poor man a few weeks ago ran 
‘quite distracted, and was forced to be held or chain- 
ed iin bed, It was generally attributed to the ill- 

mours of his wife; for not one friendly star 
twinkled on this last disastrous marriage. However, 
it is with much pleasure I tell you, he seems to be 
got quite well, considering the premises, and his 

VOL, He tial great 


345 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF ‘LITERATURE: 


great’want of what is so much below his noble con- 
templations, a little yellow dirt) I ‘gave him half a 
crown for his Almanack, and a crown as a subscrip- 
tion for his intended’ project of a Map’ for ‘your 
County* ;’ and so- ‘sent him home a‘happy. man. I 
camiot teflect'on such’ ‘matters. without the truest 
sorrow. This is one of thé disorders ‘of Civil Soci- 
ety, ‘and even of Humanity, — that it sees'a man of 
true merit starve, while Pimps, Pathics, Gamesters, 
ignorant’ Priests, profligate Couttiers, and’ beastly 
Country Squires, wallow in luxury and ‘abundance. 
“* “Oimpudence of Wealth, amidst thy store, 
|” How dar’st thou let an honest man be poor? ~ 
19 Qrlinetocs & tempora, O mores!” ~ 
_ Vale, ‘Vir jucundissinie. Valedicit amantissimus 
amicorum tuorum, 
“My humble service to Mrs. Stukeley. — 
, W. Warsurron. * 
3 LETTER’ XXII. ©: 
VET} - {t * vrunr ll A : : , 
a For my worthy Friend the Rey. Dr. Sruxerey. 
ory Mypgar,Friznp, )5) . |, San. 11,,1735-6. 
oT received, the favour of yours of the. 1st instant; 
and am glad;that,poor Edmund is got)into so good 
hands,, that; will solace’his poverty. The Ancients 
believed,;that-those temerariqus, persons who pried 
into) the secrets.of the Gods, were punished for it by 
a stroke from Heaven. For aught I know, the stars 
may bear him, the same ill-will, and some malignant 
constellations,.as Shakespear says, have 
. (>) Steep’d him in/poverty up tothe chin, a 
I hope Noel’s-- persecution will make those. for 
-whose cause you are made uneasy: think upon their 
obligations:toserve you. I am glad to find the “ Hex- 
‘ameron”: is so» forward, \and:so well approved, and 
« -* This project, I believe, was never. perfected. ah Uk 
* + William’ Noel, esq. then Recorder | of Stamford ; in) 1741 
°M. P. for that Borough ; Chief Justice of Chester 1750; aJudge 
yof the Common Pleas 1757. He died Dec, 8, 1762... A 
5 tha 


+ MR,WARBURTON TO DR, STUKELEY. 35 


“ Comment, on; Horace’s Ode” is printing. 
=e ner SAESERIME IRAY® 7, that 47d 


ti Ouaigg wre 

You. ai now. for ndon shortly. tn 
eonders for ieee of mide Pamphlets (when 
hey, are, pu ed) to, be left at. Sisson’s; one for 
the. other for, my worthy friend. Mr, Den-. 
E oo third 4 desire, fit fa to give, with my. 

) ents, to Mr, B lackwell,. the Author, of the, 
concerning the Life and Writings eu 
7, if he be in London. have ‘mentioned im in, 
e book ; and I pay this tribute to real merit in Li-_ 
yo oe pee dear Sir, your, most. affectionate. 
and 


Ww. WARBURTON, 


2 poe 

Ol anitiogang 23 —<— 
See eaprenensicnd icp copy of © The ‘Ali 
ance of Church and State,” were the following ad-, 
ditions; which, -probably, were|interwoven by. the 

Author in some subsequent Edition: 
Prey t *€ universally prevails against the Cler- 
oe end add, * As for what he says, that, 
e few. Histories _— exactly agree upon 
of fact; this indeed has been. observed to 
me others.» And as this always seemed to! 
way of objection, and.as I apprehend it) 
o be'none:atall, it set me upon considering) 
was'that should ‘ give it the appearance of an 
on. Dam apt to fancy it was this. The term 
ry has, as:it were,’ been appropriated to the 
sof the System of Nature. Now as such 
: good only-in. proportion. to their agree- 
wet wie and as Nature so much: withdraws, 
mae seatch, it:is:no: wonder that it should 


aon observation, that few Theories exactly 
with matter of fact, and that that observa- 

ld- be esteemed; as it really is, an objection 

i Fiseosite or Systems of Nature. But, 


Crh (Me, Wittiam 3 Tnnys, Bookseller i in London, 
ce i 9 D2. * when 


36 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


when one comes to give a Theory, not of a System 
of Nature, but a factitious System of humane 
contrivance, as the method we pursue is different, 
so ought the judgment that is passed upon it. In 
these Theories it is not a particular System, or an 
explanation of fact, that ts the subject ; and this 
with good reason: for, as Truth is the end of all 
things, in a System of Nature it cam only be ac- 
quired by pursuing fact; for God is the Author of 
this System : but ina System of humane policie, the 
pursuing fact is no safe way to Truth, because Man 
is the Author of that System. Abstract ideas then 
are here to be consulted in order to come at Truth, 
and fact is forsaken. The consequence is, that the 
goodness of such a Theory is.not in its proportion to 
its a with fact, but with right reason. In 
the former’ case, the ‘Fheory must be regulated by 
matter of fact; in the latter, matter of fact by the> 
Theory. Not that fact is of no use in these latter 
Theories. It certainly is of great use: for, as the Po- 
litical System explained must be founded on right 
reason, and the Laws of Nature and Nations, to ren- 
der it just; so'to render it real, and no visionary de- 
lusion, it nvust be shewn that such institutions have 
been practised, and have proved beneficial. This E 
take to be the use, and the only use, of consulting 
fact in these kind of Theories. Besides this, a man 
may have it in his view (as indeed I had) to recom- 
mend some particular System, or matter of fact, in 
the presentation of the abstract Theory); and then, 
he will say, no occasion of shewing the agreement 
between his Theory and fact; but still the Theory 
depends not at all on this matter of fact.” 


~nitoag On @ separate paper 8 
* Thus have we proved the usefulness of Reli- 
gion in general to Society ; and, shewing by what in- 
fluence it is, &c. we are now enabled to proceed to the 
particular proof of the proposition in question : for, 
by 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 87 


. by what hath been said, it appears, that the service 
done by Religion to the State is by inculcating the 
Doctrine of Providence, the Rewarder of good men, 
and Punisher of ill: so that, though it were possible 
for any sort of Religion to subsist, not founded on this 
Doctrine, which I think it is not, yet it is most evi- 
dent thatsuch a Religion would be of no manner of 
service to Society. Whatsoever, therefore, is neces- 

_sary for the support of this Doctrine, is necessary 
for the well-being of Society.. That the Doctrine 
of a future state is necessary for the support, of the 

eral Doctrine of Providence, we shall now see. 

igion teaching, &c.—The Apostle Paul supposes 
that there can no more be a Religion without a Pro- 
vidence, than one without a God. Whosoever 
comes to God, ‘must believe that he is, and that he 
isa Rewarder of those that seek him.” : 


/s LETTER XXII. 
4 ‘To the Rey. Dr. Stuxexey, at Stamford. 


| Dearest Docror, Newarke, Jan. 19, 1736-7. 
Lreceived the pleasure’ of yours of the 12th in- 
stant, with the entertaining Poem on that encourager 
of the Orthodox Muse, Tobacco ; to whose smoke 
neither the. fire nor.the water of Parnassus’ can 
stand in competition. There is a strength of reason- 
ing, and flight of fancy, in your verses, that are not 
often to be met in.Poets by profession. _ The first 
amunifests itself in the Poem to Dr. Taylor, and the 
Jatter in this to me. 
_ That which you tell me was Mr. Gale’s advice to 
1 Blackwell, was extremely prudent and 
friendly, But, 1 protest that, ceithen in his ‘Life 
of Homer, nor in the fine Letter he did me the ho- 
Hour to\write to me, can I find any thing that looks 
atall like a disbelief of our Holy Religion. On the 


oie | 1am well persuaded, he is much a friend 
foit, He will shortly publish a Life of Horace. 


> 
ina Dr. 


538 ) WNUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURES 


© Dr. Taylor is ‘as ‘much yours as a man’ not his 
“own can be.'' He’ is desperately in love with Miss 
“S+— *; and though I do not find the ‘old folks 


“hardy ‘atchievement “was ‘the 5 of an Opera 


““ gure’ his wife would callout, Encore! In a word, 
*that’ edifice*of Moral Stoicism,’° which I have been 
“long “labouring ‘to”erect on his treacherous bottom, 
"is, a beautiful kind of frost-work, melted down 
“at once before’ the ignis fatuus of a pair of black 
“eyes;‘and nothing, even, of the foundation left, 
“but that'very natural principle, held in common by 
the antient and modern masters of Wisdom, that 
all the virtues lie in the middle. In vain I tell him 
of his doom; ‘appetite is too warm for the icy pre- 
cepts of respect, as Shakespear calls them,» I have 
found what our friend Horace says to be true, Na- 
turam expellas ruRcs, tamienusque recurret. In 
English,“ You’ may strive'what you will, to kee 
“down Nature with the fears of Conjugal Imfidelity, 
“ she'will'at length be uppermost.” . ) 
'*> You are never to expect a reasonable conduct in the 
‘Stamford Antiquary [Peck]. ‘The stale dregs of Li- 
“terature have long intoxicated our Reverend Brother, 
“and given ‘his Microcosm’ a wrong ‘ply. » Nature, 
“all-wise in her operations, formed him with the guts 
and brains of an Alderman; and, by the richness 
“of the low lands, and the poverty’ of that’ sterile 
“promontory his front, pointed out which ‘was fit for 
“culture. ‘But, perverse letters misled him, and gave 
him the wretched ambition of furnishing the garret 
of his skull, which Nature, according to all the good 
“rules of housekeeping, had’ designed for a lumber- 
toom, and which yet, with all the aid of ‘proud 
lia * See p. 46. ge 
Science, 


MR.WARBURTON.TO.DR. STUKELEY. 9 


Science, will/be/but/a}lumber-room, ,while| the, -capa- 
cious saloo balan ras nel forpiahed as the, DEAS we 
rok to 4 ‘ 
_ But he struggles to no onposba: N ature sia. were ‘to 
be overcome. He will still have this in.common 
po et aa of Nature’s unsophisticated off 
st cock;, to have his guts; better, than 
| “Nor need. this; ungracious bird ‘be 
ashamed of giving, the pre-eminence! where’ it is.due: 
to) the pure? simple..workings. of 
Nature, .w excellencies /all..of themselves, tend 
downwards, to seek, as. it were, a-foundation. and 
root of stability and duration; and it-is-only.an.ar- 
tificial ferment, that baslied shines fly, off from. Mas 
_centre of gravity,,and; unnaturally,, aspire upwards 
peu: a “f see i ram iid plants, \It is the 
samme ben that forces the: mush- 
ro fs vey prone while the fragrantitus- 
he ee unas and the-brisk-tasted radish, left 
selves to follow; Nature}, like-the, bean,, the 
e;/and the -eoxcomb; her, loco-motiye ,vegeta- 
all. take. a), downward,course.»,{1,never,could 
zh admire the’ sagacity, and.good-sense.of -our 
ors:in the appellation they, gave.a fool, which 
at of pNaturcha.iptioating, thereby, that he 
_Tehegmine mer histicated product of - Nature, 
ence;; or rather, quintessence,of humanity, 
is. guts.) OF sich.a-one, ithey eused to, say, 
o guts.in his brains : not byway. of op- 
p boty m, but commendation ; only intimating, that 
his tter than his mental ; or, that 
his brai partes berths ‘high’ Attic relish of his guts, 
i acs, wouldeall-an unnatural fellow 
y F no bowels. “This was their sense of a Na- 
tural ; while in. the'wnnatural mati,’ Oroue!sophis- 
ated’ by false’ science; they ‘thought; wity ‘like a 
plant, “was, “with” great painsand labour, 
up into. the airy unsubstantial region.of ,the 
brain 5 — rho ‘not above once in an age,, makes) a 
Philosopher; ; 


40 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE: 


Philosopher ; while it is the daily destruction of Al- 

dermen and Justices; who, to make up this pitiful 

extract of Reason, are worse used than the Duke of 

Newcastle's * Cook used his Westphalia hams and 
mmons. 

Well was it observed, by an antient Sage, that it 
is to education men owe all the happiness and misery 
of life. And our Philosophy, as it is explained 
above, shews how this was brought about. My 
Lady’s eldest hope is educated, or transplanted, in 
the nursery; where Nature, according to the true 
course of things, is drawn gently downwards, by 
buttered crusts and caudles: while younger Master 
Jack is kept, or rather chained to the oar, in a class 
at Westminster; where an unmeaning blockhead, 
with ‘ ‘asces of birch, strains all his naa force 
unwilling wit sterously upwards, at the other 
end. But ish tilleseriey pg} was going on, 
but, happy for you, my paper forbids me. — Thus 
stands the case with these two rebels of Nature, the 
Doctor and the Antiquary. The one neglects the 
Muses after he has possessed and enjoyed them; 
the other pursues them with frigid impotency. 
Good mother Nature then should use them like two 
prodigal sons, as they are, and turn them out of doors, 
the one to his husks, and the other to his harlots. 

Tam, dear Sir, with my very humble service to 

Mrs. Stukeley, your most affectionate friend 
and humble servant, W. Wansurton. 


LETTER XXIV. 


To the Rev. Dr. Sruxetey, at Stamford. 


DearestSir, B. Broughton, Mar. 29,1737. 
I received the favour of yours of the 24th from 
London; and hope this will find you well got home. 


* Thomas Holles, Duke of Newcastle, Prime Minister to King ~ 
Second, 


George the 
Iam 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. | 41_ 


«fam glad Dr. - Taylor was so'lucky to meet you in 
it would be very agreeable to him. I 


’ cane a letter the other day from him, in which 
is the following pleasant account of old Will 
ee uigh Jack W 
one t I called at Jack Whiston’s, where I 
found old Will talking very warmly to another 
oa hater: fellow about the Comet, which, he 
says, left the horizon, but without leaving ‘bim 
“entirely in the: ‘dark about it. Though he owns he 
‘could not see it, yet he is determined the world 
shall see what he has to say about i it; and his son 
John shall be the better for it :” but in this last 
particular he may be deceived. 
He tells me too, Alderman Jack has got married. 
‘think it was not worth your while to trouble 
elf so much about a scoundrel, as to ask his 
uncle t that matter. I have quite done with 
hi 3 and, if ever you begin again with him, you 
will deserve then such usage as you have already un- 
deservedly received from him. “ Not but I will hold 
youa ee Lis will have the poor scoundrel come 


crouchi ur feet in a little As) when he finds’ 
himself by you. tgs only held 
stiff bead Peas him to ibe ends with you. 


I im much; and, not prevailing, the mo- 
‘ment I left him, T determined riot to’ have any more 
aap: because it appeared to me an indi- 
Such vileness as made him unfit for any 

man of honour’s acquaintance. But enough of this 
fellow. And to come to another of the same stamp. 
I think I told you my Brother Twells had got 
eee into Chancery, for refusing to 
Be ts. Sharpe what he bargained to give her hus- 
‘b ‘8 tight in the Living he now holds. My 
t made him at length ery peccavi; but 
not till it came 13 a hearing before the Master of the 
Rolls; who said, he perceived there was a fine scene 
of simoniacal villainy to open; and he had a mind 
Mss to 


342 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


ato.get torthe bottom, of it”. On this, Tibby sub- 
i mitted, .without, more, words... I .neyer knew ,any 
withing so impudent. Such bold strokes are not. to 
‘be learned any, where out of Newgate, where it has 
been known that a hardened villain, indeed, has 
' bought an Irish evidence, and, after; using him to 
‘save his neck, has refused to pay him his wages ; 
and yet this by the inferior rogues has been,esteemed 
ewant of honour. . ; 

What you are so kind. to advise.me against, in- 
| juring my health for.a world like this, is perfectly 
»right, and I -shall, follow it... Asa preset that I do, 
21 shall tell you my intention, which L want your ad- 

vice in, Iam eet ge for my Work; and.I have 
almost: promiséd| the Bookseller part of it, at least, 
this. next winter, Now [I think (as the going 
through with the whole so soon, would manifestly 
prejudice my. health) to publish the, Three First 
— by themselves: they will make a moderate- 
_ sized octavo, You,may see the subject, if you 
will give yourself the trouble to read the Contents 
in my “ Appendix to the Alliance,” 
_. The subject is an entire one; “The Usefulness 
of Religion in general, and of the Doctrine of a fu- 
ture State in particular, proved from the reason of 
the thing, and the consent of all Mankind.”— It is 
entire, I say, with respect to itself; but to the whole 
it has the same relation to the defence of Moses, as 
» the major and the minor of a syllogism has to the 
conclusion... Upon this I want. your advice; and 
. you, to tell me frankly what you think, 
». If I remember. right, you have an Eusebius “ De 
. Preparatione, Evangelica.” If you have, I beg 
the fayour of you to lend it me, and send it by. New- 
bal. I was a-reading the Bacchantes of Euripides, 
. whose subject is the acts of Bacchus and his followers 
«in the Court of Pentheus King of Thebes, who is an 
«unbeliever,. opposes, the rites. of Bacchus, and im- 
pprisons his followers, who,, after they were shut.up 
o tpg : closely, 


. 


MR. WARBURTON” TO“ DR. STUKELEY. 143 


closely, had the prison doors miraculously set open, 
their chains knocked off, and they conducted to the 
rest of the Bacchantes in safety. You will say this 
is an odd circumstance, and quadrates exactly with 
yourscheme. 

poe BSE ON ye are horribly used, if Cust had 
interes Byrd to get this Prebend. 
ps Th I shall see you at Grantham at the Visita- 
tion. My humble service to good Mrs. Stukele; 
‘concludes me, my dear friend, yours most, affec- 
tionately and sincerely, W. Waarpurton, 


ew ETT ER ‘XXv. 


Sid i 

- | To the Rey. Dr. Stuxetey, at Grantham.; © , 

» + Deanesr Str, May 3; 1737: 
Thad long fully intended to’ wait on you to-day,; 
ut tera lame, and this being Newarke 

fair, I could ‘not borrow one, \ Besides, I-hear Mrs. 

Williamson ‘is ill, so that I could have but little of 

: ical a Add to this, that I hope to see.you at 


on Monday next, in my way to Cam- 


bridge, and ‘spend that!night with you. My jour- 
um month than I expected. » Dr. 
he ess ae go with me. 

If the Archdeacon be there, pray give my very 


humble service to him. 
Tam, my dear friend, yours most affectionately, 
latiaiogs 380001 : W. Warsurron *. 


Waeeee hey hk 

f “* On a ove Letter Dr. Stukeley has written : 
nie , at Bath, pretends to answer Mr. Warburton."— 
) “The Platonic Theology is but a late improvement, mixed with 
ity, “a philosophic refinement upon old Heathenism.— 
instituted Priests to Minerva in Albano.—Some of 
nini heads in Cecrops may mean Miriam ; the other, 


ey was three or four years drawing off from, strong, liquors 
: _ Now. TP have quite dropped them; only now and 

T find ituseful, { drink a glass or two of genuine 

q ; which operates only on the prime vie, proves 
a cordial, in the proper sense, to raise one’s spirits occasionally, 
without i the blood, or'giving an ill tincture to it. W. S. 
eaTTas LETTER 


rare at! 


as 


A4 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


LETTER XXVI. 


To the Rev. Dr. SruKELEy, at Stamford. 


- Dear Str, . . Cambridge, May 28, 1737. 

Iam returned from Mildenhall*, and am in hopes 
of being. with you on Monday from Huntingdon. 
Yesterday Dr. Knight shot errougy the town on the 
spur, and just called at Dr. Middleton’s when I 
was there, He seems to think there is no way of 
overtaking Fame, that is oft shy, and flies the pur- 
suer, but on horseback. He ‘is to-day he F saat 
her in the fogs of Ely, and to-morrow in the smoke 
of London. He now hopes to win her in the cha- 
yacter of Gentleman-Usher to Erasmus; and now 
again as Patron to A/derman Peck. 

In the Palace of Fame there is an house-of-office 
as well as a saloon; and it seems indifferent to him 
at which he enters, sohe gets but in. In this house- 
of-office Peck is the greatest Sir-Reverence, and no 
one is his match but the Scavenger. You guessed 
right when you saw him ride through Stamford; he 
was then indeed going to Cambridge. When I got 
there, he was gone, but had left his savour behind 
him ; for he is like a Welsh race-horse — the mor 
he stretches, the more he stinks, L 

I do not doubt but you expect Literary news from 
hence; but I know of none. The most material, 
from Trinity. College, is this: A young wench, a 
bed-maker there, yesterday went off the stage, and 
made her exit with eclat, after having communicated 
her affliction to eighteen young Philosophers of 
the Porch. The same night the Vice-chancellor 
committed ten Ladies of the Lake to the House of 
Correction. 

Iam, dearest Sir, yours most affectionately, 

W. Warburton, 


® The seat of Sir Thomas Hanmer. 
LETTER 


MRi WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 45 


LETTER XXVII. 
shysRevCl : 


 Tothe Rev. Dr. Sruxetey, at Stamford. 


«My pear Doctor, Newarke, July 27, 1737. 
You put me out of all patience in expecting you. 
is no getting you frum your elegant abode, 
where you spend your time in the agreeable amuse- 
ment of contemplating what Greece aud Rome have 
roduced of most excellent dies in Coins and Medals; 
and in making curious Drawings, that will be the 
instruction and delight of future virtuosos. But, if 
these things have such charms, .come to Newarke to 
us, where you may pick up numberless curiosities, 
both in lead and brass, all originals, and some 
uniques; some with their legends stamped, as was 
the custom of old, by the public Magistrate, on so- 
lemn occasions, about this season of the year, and 
exceeding the Romans themselves in beauty,  pre- 
ating only in the right hand an enigmatical R. or 
F. which would puzzle Father Harduin; but most, 
indeed, without letters. 
. Here is at present Jack Stow amongst us, whom 
I call my brazen Otho, because I think the Ruf- 
fian’s head is an unique. 
~ Here too is Jack Twentyman, my leaden Termi- 
a nulli secundus, who presides over the London 


_ An to fill up my list of Jacks, here is Jack 
Herrin likewise, whose ample volume is in large 
brass. I have held him till of late in the suspicious 


hoe 7 


of the nummi_contorniati, and indeed had 
doomed him for a counterfeit; but his genuine- 
ness, and his wife’s prominencie, both now stand 
co! H 
I pass over our Consular Coins in silver, I mean 
our + of Aldermen, because of the odious uni- 
BEAT Sf formity 


46. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


formity in their reverses : there being nothing to be 
seen, from one end of the series to the other, but the 
Attic Owl, or the Roman Goose. : 

You shall have a sight of our friend Dr. Taylor's * 
young Kaustina in gold, that is, in red hair,which 
he is now cheapening for his Cabinet. She is at 
present a Goddess, and Diva. Faustina, as usual, 
wrote round her margin: but, by a kind of anti-apo- 
theosis, she is going to be,made a mortal of; and 
you know she isnot the first of her name that has, 
proved inconstant to a Philosopher. 

. My best respects to good Mrs. Stukeley, con~ 
cludes me, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend, 
jf Ea. W. Warpurton. 

* Dr, Robert Taylor was a native of Newark ; where his fa-, 
ther, John Taylor, esq. was many years an Alderman, twice Mayor, 
and died in 1739 at an advanced age, just as he was elected to 
serve that office for the third time.—The son was of Trinity’ 
College, Cambridge, where he took the degree of M. B, 1732; 
and .M. D. 1737. Soon after the death of Dr. Mordecai 
Hunton (not Hunter, as misprinted in p. 5.) Dr. Taylor suc- 
ceeded to his practice at Newark. He was a member of the 
Brazen Noze Society, founded in 1745 by Dr. Stukeley at Stam- 

5 andwas afterwards Physician Extraordinary to King George 
IL. The engagement on which his friend Warburton is so Jocular 
appears to have been broken off; but the Doctor afterwards 
arried Anne, youngest daughter of John Heron, esq. This 
lady died. in 1757, in her 68th year; and her merits are re- 
corded on a tomb in Newark church, near the handsome 
monument of her father, who died in 1727, aged 63.—Dr. Tay- 
Jor was a second time marric¢.— Dr. Warburton, in a Letter 
to Mr. Hurd, Nov.-2, 1759, says, “ I could not but smile, when. 
Taylor read me your Letter, to see how little he understood 
the First Dialogue.. He set out yesterday for Lincoln, to marry 
a young lady of that place, between 30 and 40, a Miss Main; 
wairing, of a reasonable fortune.”"—* Noy. 9, 1759, Dr. Taylor, 
Physician to the King, was married to Miss Mainwaring, of 
Lincolnshire, with 10,000/. Gent, Mag. vol. XXIX, p. 550, 


LETTER 


MR.WARBURTON TO°DR.STUKELEY. 4] 


ia03 | yonvob f te:/ lad 


| LETTER XXVIII. 


QeiW 


; 
® 


_ Tothe Rev. Dr. Stuxevey, at Stamford. 
Whe? Ono | ‘ 

~My pgaresr Frienp,... Sept. 751737... 
_T never thought a Letter, from you could have 
given mé the concern I feel at the melancholy con- 
tents of yours*. This loss has revived in me all that 
tenderness I so lately felt for avery) deserving Sis- 
ter—and the tears 1 am now shedding, which haye 
alittle interrupted me, is an equal tribute to the 

of two women, ty 
You know I ‘have not the best opinion of the 
sex, which always made my esteem for a woman of 
worth, where she was found, proportionably greater 
than that the generality of men have. And it is 
now with the'greatest concern I say it, as I have 
fleqiealip before done it with the greatest pleasure, 
that Mrs, Stukeley,| for all those good qualities that 
inake’ a woman. of sense admired, was, the first in 
ay ) Ina word, I am,wrung with the sin- 
“You can imagine ; and if I thought, as 
is ba ible; that your Friends, sharing your 
you would alleviate yours, I could indulge 
il. You have more than a right to such 
to whose art I owe the life of her 
nly 1; desire to live-}. For her sake, 


' * This adntirable “Letter was written on the death of Dr. 
first-wife;Frances, daughter of Robert Wilkinson, of 
hear Granthata; gent.:a lady of good family and for- 
»the Doctor had three daughters, One died 
é other'two were married; one, to Richard Fleming, 
‘eminent Solicitor ; the other to the Rev. Thomas Fair- 
Pitsey, Essex:—Dr,, Stukeley married, secondly, 

i Gale, sister to the celebrated Antiquaries Roger and 

5 but by her had no issue. 

‘to his excellent. mother; of whom he thus 
speaks in a Letter to Mr.dHurd, March 13,1773, on the death of 
toaieyd that 


438 - ILLUSTRATIONS. OF LITERATURE. 


and it is my greatest pleasure that I do so, I conti+ 

nue. here in this blind corner, when otherwise I 

should have been long ago making niy fortune in 

the great world. But, as Tully says of Ulysses, 
‘1 prefer my old woman to immortality,” 


Judge then of the obligations I have to you for 
reserving to me the only happiness of my life. 
But, alas! Fate urges on, and the time will come, 
when her natal Heaven will claim her, and then, if 
I live to see it, I foresee all the misery that will at- 
tend it—But Iam plunging myself insensibly into 
dismal reflections, when I should be giving you con- 
solation. But you know your duty so well, and 
have a fortitude of mind so great, that I know I 
have nothing to do but to applaud your generous 
purpose, of holding the memory of so good a wo- 
man sacred, and manifesting your affection by the 
care of those pretty little ones she has left behind. 
When I came to that part of your Letter, where 
‘ou talk of taking a journey somewhere for a week, 
i was in good hopes you would have turned your 
eyes Northward. You would certainly have found 
at Broughton all the consolation that a faithful friend 
could have given you. And though I take the li- 
berty of friendship sometimes to make real business 
an excuse for denying myself the or of a party 
of pleasure with you, yet I would have you do me 
the justice to think that I should esteem the attend- 
ing you on such an occasion my most indispensable 


that gentleman’s mother at the age of 88: ‘I do not know 
whether I ought to condole with you, or congratulate you upon 
the release of that excellent woman, full of years and virtues, I 
rejoice when I find a similarity of our fortunes, in the gentler 
parts of humanity. — My mother, somewhat Jess indebted to 
years, though not to the infirmities of them, at length fell asleep 
and departed, in all the tranquillity and ease your mother did. 
The last leave she took of all human concerns, as she winged her 
way into the bosom of our common God and Father, was an 
anxious enquiry concerning my welfare ; which being assured of, 
she immediately closed her eyes for ever.” 
business 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 49 


business. . But I find, by what follows, of our 
meeting at the Visitation, that you have chosen ano- 
ther route. I shall certainly meet you, if God give 
me health; and should be glad if you would let me 
shew you the way to Broughton from thence; being, 


rps i , yy 
Your most affectionate friend, W.Warsurton. > 


LETTER XXVIII. 
To the Rev. Dr. Sruxeey, at Stamford. 


ob agehy ‘ 

~ My pear Frienp, June 19, 1738. 

I beg your acceptance of the inclosed. Our 
frienid the Doctor * told me he had the pleasure of 
seeing you. He told me, you rejected the lines he 
shewed you as impostures. I do not wonder at it. 
-You know best whether the thing be possible. But 
the family is so far above all suspicion of fraud, or 
having any ends to serve by it, that nothing but 
an absolute impossibility could make me disbe- 
Tieve it, 

I you are easier in your domestics than you 
was; that you have got servants that are honest, 
careful, ok a few brains. I very much wish 
to see you, and hope you will do me that pleasure at 
Broughton some time next month. However, do me 
the favour to let me know, that I may be at home; 
for this summer time I: have some short excursion or 
other that am every post making, but none half 
So interesting to me as the seeing you. I hope the 

gonesare all well, and that Miss Fanny is grown 
He cone tga to make your coffee ; a happi- 
ness, some years ago, you used to flatter yourself 

ith the hopes of living to see. 

. You see the burthen of my song is hope, hope, 
ear much I am obliged to live upon it. 
Bat, 
Tw} 


this may never fool you or me too long, I 
* Dr. Robert Taylor. 
E 


VOL. 11, will 


50 “ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. . 


will tell you a story. Sir Francis Bacon was walk- 
ing out one evening near the Thames, where he saw 
some fishermen ready to cast in their nets: he asked 
them what they would have for their draught ; they 
said, ten shillings; he bade them five; so, not agree- 
ing, the fishermen threw in upon their own fortune, 
and took nothing. On this, Bacon seeing them 
look very blank, asked them why they were’ such 
blockheads as not to take his money? They an- 
swered, they had been toiling all day, and had taken 
nothing, and they were in hopes that their last cast 
would have made amends for all: on which he told 
them, they were unlucky dogs; but that he would 

ive them something to carry home with them; and 
it was this maxim, which they should be sure never 
to forget, That hope is a good breakfast; but a very 
bad supper. So far my story. But I do not know 
how itis; but I should make but a bad meal of it, 
either at breakfast or supper. I should like it well 
enough for a kind of second course, as cheese to di- 
gest a good substantial dinner. And so the happy 
use it ; while the unhappy, like the poor, are forced 
to make an eternal meal upon it. 

Tam, dear friend, yours most affectionately, 
W. Wagsurton. 


LETTER XXIX. 


To the Rev. Dr. Sruxery, at Stamford. 


Dear Doctor, October 6, 1738. 

I hope you received my last. This is to desire the 
following favour of you. I was lately with Sir Ro- 
bert Sutton, who is much excruciated with the gout: 
T advised him to Dr. Rogers’s oils, which he had al- 
ways an inclination for; but, having like to have been 
Killed by some that Garnier the apothecary applied 
to him two or three years ago, he has absinanel from 
them. 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 51 


them. I told him, I — those had not the 
best repelling quality, and acquainted him fairl 
with their effects, as you have deveribed them to ih 
On this he is greatly disposed to use them; but he 
wants to know whether it would not be proper first 
to use them in the intervals of a fit, or after a fit, to 
strengthen the joint ; whether any gentle aperient is 
to be taken at the time of the aphliaerians tt, above 
all, your real opinion and direction on the whole. 
pce rn of our intimacy, he desired . would 
i myself of you, as from myself, and let him 
know. I should be much obliged to you, therefore, 
for a letter concerning the particulars, wrote in such 
a manner as I may send it tohim. You need not 
decline taking notice that I tell you who the advice 
is for, for he did not desire that should be a secret. 

_ Shaw advised him against the oils, and pretended 
they had had ill or fatal effects. But he grounds 


more on your opinion. 

Lam, dearest Sir, yours most affectionately, 

my W. Warsurton. 
a aum ea 


eT TER XXX 


To the Rey. Dr. Sruxetey, at Samuel Gale's, Esq. 
--  Bedford-row, Holborn. : 


Dear Docror, 26 June, 1739. 
Iwas extremely glad to hear from you, but am 
sorry the noisy Bar should call you from your Her- 
mitage. As unfit as I am for Heaven, I had rather 
ei rt je last trumpet than a citation from the Court 
Chancery. If ever you have seen Michael Ange- 
ys Last Judgment, you have these in the figure of 
Devil, who is piiltiog and lugging at a poor sin- 
, the true representation of a Chancery Lawyer 
who has eatched hold of your purse. 
senbhes Ez” When 


52 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


« When I.got home from you. in my return from 
my Cambridge journey, I found my affairs in strange 
disorder; my single favourite cow, which you used 
to reverence under the name of Jris, was desperately 
ill.in the hands of a doctor. A robbery was sworn 
to be committed in this Hundred, and I am to bear 
my share of the loss; and letters from Oxford ac- 
uainted me that Mr. William Romaine, of Christ 
hurch;- had called out aloud upon the secular arm 
to make an example of me*. Thus trebly distressed, 
I found my only cow in the hands of a quack, my 
money at the mercy of an attorney, and my reputa- 
tion worried by the vilest of all Theologasters. 
» You are in the right: this is the scoundrel J wrote 
to from your house. But the poor Devil has done 
his own business. His talents shew him by nature 
designed for a blunderbuss in Chur¢h Controversy ; 
but his attack upon me being a proof-charge, and 
heavy loaded, he burst in the going off; and what 
will become of him let those who made use of him 
consider. , 

I beg you would be so kind to buy me one ticket 
in the Bridge Lottery. I suppose the blanks will 
sell as usual; and when you send me word of it, I 
shall send the money by Newbal’s waggon to you to 
Stamford. 

Lam, my dear friend, yours most affectionately, . 

W. Warsurton, 


LETTER XXXI. 


' To the Rev. Dr. Sruxetey, at Stamford. 


Most pear Sir, January 1, 1739-40. 
I received the favour of yours with a great deal of 
pleasure; and, as deeply as lam immerged in Moses, 
our company would bea yery agreeable interruption. 
But what you tell of Mr. Allen frights me in good 


* Of this circumstance see more hereafter. ’ 
earnest ; 


MR. ee ‘TO DR. STUKELEY. 53 


earnest s:and-next to the pleasure of seeing you, the 

— — you can do me is keeping that gen- 

 Imust therefore “beg of you to 

let Whedon,” iad! I am so taken up with my own 

studies, that I have not an hour to spare to look 

upon any” other man’s; and that besides, his work, 

according to all the accounts I have heard of it, is 

out of in wey, who am a declared enemy to 

| systems theses in Divinity but what 
arise immediately from the word of “God. 

In short, between you and me, I have heard so 
much of this gentleman’s turn, and from the best 
hands too, that to him we may say, Danda est hel- 
lebori multo pars maxima, It is only you then that 
can serve him ; and you, but in your physical 


—B it I< come to amore agreeable subject. Iam 
eee ity will Jet us have Stonehenge at 
you need not doubt the success ‘of it, 
if cgi resell closely to the subject. But 
know how al new roads in Theology are, 
byte piabins 57 of the bigots against me. I take it 
pied: the weather I view from my study 
ow) | you have laid aside the thoughts of your 
Grantham j Otherwise, had the weather 
Feneetoke should have gone near to have met you. 
: T ho ou will be so kind, when you 
next go to. y your ising | a that quarter, you will 
remember there is such a place as Broughton. 
Some time I sent eee (who told me he 
was to come and see you this Christmas) my Vindi- 
* Mr. Pope for you; but do not find by your 
letter you have received it. The Infidels and Liber- 
tines prided ‘themselves in thinking Mr. Pope of 
I thought it of use to Religion to shew 
a Genius was not ; and I can have the plea- 
* lished «‘ Stonehenge, a Temple 
oat Btu son after publi ‘which a copious Abstract pig 
given in “ Phe History of the Works of the Learned” for May 1740. 
a sure 


54 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


sure of telling you (and have Mr, Pope’s own autho- 
rity for it) that he is not. 
he compliments of the season in my heartiest 
wishes attend you and your family. 
Dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and hum- 
ble servant, W. Warsurton,: 


LETTER XXXII. 


To the Rev. Dr. SruxELey. 


Dear Sir, Dec. 20, 1744. 

I had the pleasure of yours of the 10th instant, 
the night I got to Broughton after a long absence 
from home. I take your complaint as a compliment, 
where you tell me your friendships were always 
made on good foundations; for I will not do my- 
self so much injury as not to claim the right of bein 
one of those dood foundations on which you erecte 
your friendship with me. I was never forgetful, 
nor shall be, of the regard you shew me: and if I 
have not been so happy to see you so often of late as 
I could have wished, I hope you will be so candid to 
impute it to the true cause, a great variety of very 
troublesome and ungrateful business, ef aliena nego- 
tia centum. ‘ 

I have taken the liberty (the very first opportu- 
nity that offered) of sending you my last pamphlet. 
I desire my best respects to Mrs, Stukeley and the 
young ladies; and am, dear Sir, your very affectionate 
humble servant, W. Wanrsurton. 


LETTER XXXII. 


Saturday morning, 10 March, 1759. 

Dr. Warburton’s compliments to Dr. Stukeley. 
He will wait on him to-morrow morning, at the 
time appointed; but some business has suaange ie 
that 


Sa ‘Earl of Northington in 1764. 


BP. WARBURTON TO DR.STUKELEY. | 55 


that I "must needs be at home by two o'clock, so 


cannot thave the pleasure of dining with him. 

> Dink Reg pica ba 

*4* “ 1760. When my Friend Warburton was made a Bishop, 
there. were two Expectants of his Deanery of Bristol: Mr. 
Tucker *, of Bristol, had done many things in regard to Trade, 
for which he was caressed by the eae of Bristol. Dr. Squire 
was the other, who got the ery.—Warburton said, ‘ One 
of them made T his Religion; the other, Religion his 


i Tote yemldo As STUKELEY.” 


1pxD euteti LETTER, XXIV. 
pr cry oe r the Rey. Dr. ‘ SrURELEX. 


apa eait 
My pear Paxzey; | Priow Park, ‘10 Oct. 1762: 
oh we your’ favour of the 8th instant. “Witlr re- 
to the young gentleman you mention, I shall 
honour your recommendation with my best 
. But, you know, before I can have any” 
a lay hands upon him, he must have a title 
: cure in my diocese : and this must be given and 
[ fide ; and the time between ‘his being 
con and Priest (before which last ordi- 
Ww, he ean receive no benefice) will be 
me Cu this engagement: so that, if 
a title in my diocese between this 


wi 


, on Feaantnation, he will justify my ac- 

F him, I will give him Letters Dimissory 
‘who ordains at that season. 

you for the curiosity you was so kind to 
l to me 5 | ‘and am, dear Sir, yout very affection- 

and faithful humble servant, W.Gtoucester. 


Sami Chancellor +, who has been on a visit 

a fortnight or three weeks, has just left 

ete of you with great kindness, and be- 
* Dr. Josiah Tucker, afterwards Dean of Gloucester. 


hy Henley, Lord Keeper in 1757, was created Lord 
ey in 1760. He was appointed Lord Chancellor in 1761 ; 


lieves 


56 ILLUSTRATIONS, OF LITERATURE, 


lieves that the regimen you prescribed to, him for his 
gout would have very good effects, would the busi- 
ness of his station afford him time to pursue it. 


LETTER XXXV.~ 
For the Rev. Dr. Stuxe.ry. 


My pear Frienp, Prior Park, 6 Aug. 1763- 

I have the pleasure of your very obliging letter of 
the third. ‘ 

As you are-so to give me your opinion con- 
cerning my hand, I will take the liberty to mention 
the case to you. After I had recovered of my broken 
arm, I found my hand in the condition of their's 
who have had the West Indian colic, or have 
been concerned in white-lead works; fallen down- 
wards, without any strength in the. wrist, or use 
in the fingers. Whether it was occasioned by dis- 
use, by the straitness of the bandage, or any injury 
to the nerve, Ido not know. The usual method of 
fomentations were applied to, with little or no effect. 
At length I had recourse to the pump. I have used 
it daily for three months, and have. this very day 
left it off. The present condition of my hand is 
this: I have recovered the use of my wrist, though 
it be still weak: I have a stiffness in the joints of my 
fingers, and the tone of the joints of the knuckles is 
not yet restored, and I have anumbness in my thumb 
and fore-finger. I have for some time, after pump- 
ing, had my hand. rubbed with an oil extracted, by 
boiling, out of sheep’s bones. This is the condition 
in which things stand at present; and if, on this re- 
presentation, you-shall judge the oils you speak of 
may be of service to me, I must beg the favour of 

ou to order a bottle to be sent to Mr. Andrew Mil- 
hor, bookseller in the Strand, who has orders to_pay 
the bringer for it. 

I am glad you are again obliging the publick. 
Your account of the subjects promises me much 
pleasure and instructign. The 


BP. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 57 


_ The Waod yon of has been dead, I think, 
about ten years. He was a great fool, and not less 
a knave, to my knowledge. He wrote a most ridi- 
culous book of Architecture, But this book on 
Stonehenge*, which you mention, I never saw, nor 
heard of ; indeed, I had little curiosity to enquire 
after thing on that subject since I was in, pos- 
session of yours, whose discovery of the original 
and use of that famous remain of early Antiquity, 
will, I predict, be esteemed by posterity as certain, 
and continue as uncontroverted, as Harvey's Disco- 

y of the Circulation. — 
_ You see by this long letter the reason I have to be 
thankful that I, whose life is one warfare upon 
earth (I mean against Infidelity and Fanaticism), 

we escaped with my Sword Arm; which, however, 
is not less devoted to the service of my Friends than 
of my Religion. I am, dear Sir, with the warmest 
affection, your most faithful brother, and obedient 

fant W. Gioucester. 


Cet LETTER XXXVI. 
"7 To the Rev. Dr. Sruxetey. 


My pear Sir, Prior Park, 13 Aug. 1763. 
Thave your obliging letter of the 11th, and have 
any thanks to return for your obliging present of 
and more obliging prescription, both of 
ll use as svon as I return from Wey- 


Sane I am going for a few days. 

+ e work intituled “Choir gaure, vulgarly called Stone- 
henge, on Salisbury Plain, described, restored, and explained ; 
in a Letter to the Right Hon. Edward Earl of Oxford, and Earl 

» Oxford, 1747," Svo.— Wood was of opinion that it 
a of the Moon, erected by the Druids about 100 years 
, st, and similar to that at Stanton Dru in Somerset- 
shire, When Lord Oxford was at Bath, 1740, Wood having hinted 
to him his opinion of this last pile of stones, was ordered to take 
a plan of it, for his Book of Drawings of the like British 
His Dissertations on the British works at Bath and 

Aton Dru were incorporated into his description of Beth, 


58 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. | 


I believe the superstition of our Bishops (if the 
have any) is more towards New Moons than Sab- 
baths. By new moons, I mean new Ministers of 
State, who, like those, receive their borrowed lustre, 
from our civil suns; and, like those, have of late been 
as changeable. I think they deserve a stroke of your. 
animadversion.— A Presbyterian is only the caput 
mortuum of an old Puritan Methodist, which is 
not less rancorous for being less fiery. : 

As to the Alliance you speak’ of between the 
Cloak and the Rochet, it’is not like mine, between 
Church and State, which is an alliance of Truth 
and Utility: this is of utility alone; and which is 
likely to outwit the other, I cannot tell. 

hat you say is certainly true, that we, both of 
us, endeavour to serve Religion with equal sincerity 
and zeal, and shall be remembered when whole 
tribes of ‘Politicians are forgotten. 

My dear friend, your most affectionate brother, 
and obliged humble servant, W. Grovucester. 


LETIER XXXVI. 


For the Rev. Dr. Sruxeney. 


_ My pear Sir, Prior Park, 31 Aug. 1763. 

On my return from Weymouth last night, I found 
your very kind and friendly letter of the 26th. The 
state of my hand is this: The remaining indispo- 
sition now, is only a stiffness in my fingers, and 
want of the usual free use, but yet in ach é state, 
that they perform almost all their functions to which 
one usually applies them. I shall now try your oils, 
which I hope will perfect the cure; if they do not, 
as I propose to come to town in October, I shall then 
follow your advice, and electrify it. 

I am, with a very grateful sense of your solicitude 
for me, dear Sir, your most affectionate and _faithful 
humble servant, W. GLoucestTeEr. 

LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. STUKELEY. 59 


mrt te Mh oy Wh ON ie. 0.44411 


hes - 7 For the Rev. Dr. SrukELEY. 


- Dear Sir, Gloucester, 9 June, 1764. 
' T received a plain and modest letter from the son 
of your old acquaintance, Mr. John Warburton, the 
c Herald. You well know the character of 
the father, whom I never saw but once, 40 years 
ago, and had never any transactions with him further 
than my once demanding of him, by my agent, 
some rent due to me, as Rector of Frisby *, from 
the Berry estate; which he declined to pay, unless I 
would see him in person, I refused this condition ; 
and so never got my rent. Your meoceagti the 
son to write to me makes me conclude that he is one 
of a fair character; and if so, what I saw in the 
news this morning, that the place of Richmond- 
Herald is disposed of to another, will give me con- 
cern; not that it was at all in my power to have 
served him in his pretensions, but because I interest 
myself in the success of every honest man. 
lam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and 
faithful servant, W.Guovcester. 


woh 


*,* In a Letter to his friend Hurd, March 4, 1765, 
Bp. Warburton says: “ Poor Dr. Stukeley, in the 
midst of a florid age of 84, was last Saturday struck 
with an apoplectic fit, which deprived him of his 
senses. I suppose he is dead by this time.”—Again, 


_ * This Letter is the only notice I have yet seen of Bp. War- 
wu haying had the Rectory of Frisby (or Firsby) in Lin- 
Saray by the forty years, it was his first preferment. 
at it in trust; as the Duke of Newcastle presented 

nother Rector to it in 1730, and again in 1756. — Warburton 
be ares of Grieseley in 1726 from the Bp. of Lincoln ; 
and Broughton in 1728 from Sir Robert Sutton, who in 
that year presented another Vicar to Grieseley. 


“You 


60 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


“ You say true, I have a tenderness in my temper 
which will make me miss’ poor Stukeley; for, not 
to say that he was one of my oldest acquaintance, 
there was in him such a mixture of eePelicity, drol- 
lery, absurdity, ingenuity, superstition, and_anti- 
Pe sb se that he often afforded me. that kind of 
well-seasoned repast, which the French call an 4m- 
bigu, 1 suppose from a compound of things never 
meant to meet together. I have often heard him 
laughed at by fools, who had_ neither his sense, his 
knowledge, nor his honesty; though it must be 
cuateonath that in him they were all strangely traves- 
tied. Not a week before his death he walked from 
Bloomsbury to Grosyenor-square, to pay me a visit ; 
was cheerful as usual, and as full of literary projects. 
But his business was (as he heard Geckie * was not 
likely to continue long) to desire I would give him the 
earliest notice of his death—for that he intended to 
solicit for his Prebend of Canterbury. by Lord 
Chancellor--.and Lord Cardigan; “for,” added het, 
“one never dies the sooner, you know, for seeking 
preferment.” : 


* Dr. William Geckie outlived Dr. Stukeley more than two 
Years. Besides the Prebend of Canterbury, he was Archdeacon 
of Gloucester, and Rector of Southfleet, Kent. The Archdea- 
conry Bp. Warburton had the pleasure of giving to Dr. Hurd. © 

+ The Earl of Northington ; see p. 55. 

} Dr. Stukeley died March 3, 1765, in his 78th year; and, by 
‘his own particular direction, was buried in the church-yard of 
- East Ham, Essex, without any monument; but in the Register 
of that parish he is thus -recorded: ‘The Rev. Dr. Stukeley, 
late Rector of St. George, Queen-square, buried March 9, 1765.” 
—On a neat etching of that Church (a private plate by Mr. Ty- 
son) is inscribed, “ Ecclesi cujus in coemiterio tumul. jacct 
corpus Gul. Stukeley hune typum M. T. d. d. delineator.”"—An 
inscription, intended for a cenotaph, either in the Church of St. 
George the Martyr Queen-square, or in that 6f All Saints, 
at Stamford, where his first wife was buried, may be seen in the 
“« Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 705.— Some Original Letters 
of Dr, Stukeley will be given in a subsequent part of this volume. 


ORIGINAL 


[ 6] 


ORIGINAL LETTERS * rrom WARBURTON 
ro PETER DES MAIZEAUX +. 


EEE : 


LETTER I. 


For Mr. P. Des Marzeaux, at Mr. Woodward's, 
~ Bookseller, at the Half-moon, over against St. 
Dunstan’s Church in Fleet Street, London. 


bres ~-- Newarke-upon-Trent 
Goop Sir, September 9, 1732. 


I rememser with a very particular pleasure those 
two or three agreeable hours which I had the happi- 
ness of passing in your conversation. It was a sa- 
tisfaction like that the curious feel in viewing the 


* From Birch MSS. in the British Museum, 4268. 

+ This learned Writer, the son of a Protestant Clergyman, 
was born at Auvergne, in France, in 1666. He came over in 
his youth to England, and appears to have led the life of a man 
of letters, continually employed in composing or editing literary 

In 1720 he was elected F.R.S. and from his numerous 

‘the British Museum, pd to have carried om a very 
e ve with the learned men of his time, es- 
pecially St. Evremont and Bayle. He died at London in June 
1745. Bayle he assisted with many articles and remarks for his 
ary, and published his “ Letters” at Amsterdam, 1729, 

3 vols. 12mo, with a variety of observations, which shew an 
extens phe of teste a a eee the 
: B +, Which was to the edition of his Dictionary 
ci in 1730, and seg reprinted at the Hague in 2 vols. 


1 mo. a letter in the beginning from Des Maizeaux 
to N vig atl aj that the lator had induced him to 
nderts this life his Friend. In 1732 he edited Bayle's 
Works in 4 vols. folio, and probably was likewise 

the Author of the “ Nouvelles Lettres de Pierre Bayle,” Hague, 
= 1739, 


letters in 
extensive 


62 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


scene of any past action; for all the occurrences 
in the literary world did then immediately present 
themselves to me, in which I knew you had borne so 
long and so glorious a share. _ But the relations of 
Foreign Journals could but faintly represent to me, 
though they all concurred in doing it, that abound- 
ing candour and humanity that so much captivated 
my esteem and veneration. But was it only to tell 
you this (though I have been ambitious that you 
should know it) that I give you this trouble, I 
should be very much without excuse. What occa- 
sions it is, my chancing upon a little kind of curi- 
osity, which, if it proves so, may not be unaccepta- 
ble to you. Itisa ee coin, which the Parisians of 
the League, when they held out against Henry IV. 
in 1592, struck to the old Cardinal of Bourbon, 
under the title of Charles X. The device is, the Arms 
of France, and the legend, caroLus xX. D.G. FRAN- 
COR. REX, 1592. e reverse, the fleur de lis, 
en croiz, with this inscription, CHRISTUS REGNAT, 
vinciT, ET iMPERAT. If this be any curiosity, I 
desire your acceptance of it, and will take care to 


1739, 2 vols. 12mo. His intimacy and friendship for St. Evre- 
mond led him to publish the life and works of that writer, in 
1709, 3 vols. 4to and 8vo, often reprinted aad translated into 
English. He also published the lives of Boileau in French, and 
of Chillingworth and Hales of Eton in English, which he wrote 
fluently. For some time it is said he was engaged in an English 
Dictionary, historical and critical, in the manner of Bayle, but 
no part of it appears to have been published, except the above- 
mentioned Life of Hales, in 1719, which was professedly a spe- 
cimen of the intended Dictionary, In 1720 he published some 
pieces of Locke's which had not been inserted in his works; and 
the same year ‘‘ Recueil de diverses pieces sur la philosophie, la 
igion naturelle, l'histoire, les mathematiques, &c, by Leib- 
nitz, Clarke, Newton, and others; Amst. 2 vols. 12mo. He 
appears likewise to have been the Editor of the “ Scaligerana, 
Thuana, Perroniana, Pithoeana, et Colomesiana,” Amst. 1711, 
2 vols. Besides these, and his translation of Bayle’s Dictionary, 
he was a frequent contributor to the literary Journals of his 
time, particularly the ‘‘ Bibliotheque Raisonné, and “ The Re- 
public of Letters.” Chalmers's Biog. Dict. vol. XI. p, 514. 
There 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. DES MAIZEAUX, 63 


transmit it to you; being, Sir, your most obedient 
humble servant, W. Warsurton. 

There isa small hole init, as if it had hung about 
the neck in a ribbon; and I imagine it was so em- 
ployed by these poor wretches, drunk with stipersti- 
tion, rage and enthusiasm. 


LETTER IL 


For Mr. Peter Des Maizeaux. 


~ Dear Sir, Newarke, May 15, 1736. 
I deferred | ying my acknowledgments for the 
obliging civilities I received from you when I had the 
pleasure of your company in London, till I could tell 
you that you might expect to receive the papers you 
was so good as to preys me. you would insert in the 
Bibli ue Angloise *. I have directed them for you 
at Mr. Woodward's. They come up in the Newarke 
waggon, carriage paid ; and I hope will be in town 
this day fortnight. 1 have inclosed the small piece 
of F gold, which I request your acceptance of, 
: SU ee ies jen : 

asa tri mark of my sincere esteem and friendship. 
I have likewise inclosed 15s. with which I beg you 
will buy me the 6 volumes of Bibliotheque that 
are already come out; and to send them me down 
by the Newarke waggon. As nothing does me a 
eater honour than your friendship, so nothing will 
Sapte, leasure than your correspondence. 
Fou RAE Knowledge in Literature makes you 
néed ‘no assistance in any of your learned under- 
takings ; so that I have no other way of shewing my 
friendship, but where at the same time I shew my 
, and my justice—I mean in your commenda- 
tion. This is my usual subject to my friends here, 


to whom I boast how much I am, dear Sir, your 
affectionate friend, and humble servant, 
OY, Meet” W. Warburton. 


wets 


ag *-* Or, rather Britannique ; see p. 64. 
suid LETTER 


64 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER III. 


For Mr. Peter Des Maizeaux. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, May 22, 1736. 

Along with this a receive the Emendations on 
Paterculus, which I beg the favour of you to get in- 
serted in the Bibliotheque Britannique. I hope they 
may be inserted all together in one part, for I think 
they will not make above 40 pages. I have inscribed 
them to the Bishop of Chichester*, to whom I have 
great obligations. 

Inclosed you will find the bit of French gold, 
which I beg you will be so good as to accept as a 
small mark of my esteem and friendship for you. 

Dear Sir, if you will do me the favour to let me 
hear from you now and then, at your leisure, the state 
of your health, and what news is stirring in the 
literary world, believe me no greater pleasure or 
honour can be done to, dear Sir, your most affec- 
tionate and most obliged humble servant, 

W. Warsurron. 


LETTER Iv. 


For Mr. Perer Des Marzeavux. 


Newarke-upon-Trent, 
Dear Sie, August 16, 1736. 

I received the Bibliotheques Britanniques by Mr. 
Giles, which rs was so good as to procure for me. 
It is but an ill way, I confess, of making my apo- 
logy for the trouble I gave you, by putting you to 
more; but I should be much obliged to you, for 
letting me know the price of Montfaucon’s Cata- 


* Dr. Francis Hare, under the abbreviation of F.E.C. by 
whom he had been recommended to Queen Caroline. They 
were inserted accordingly, in the seventh volume of that work, for 
July, August, and September, 1736, and occupy the pages from 
No, 256 to 294, 

logue 


MR. WARBURTON: TO’ MR. DES! MAIZEAUX. 65 


logue of MSS. if it be yet published, because I 
would buy it. j af f 
_ Not having had the honour of hearing from’ you 
otherwise than. by ‘Mr. Gyles, and knowing how 
much you are afflicted with the rheumatism, I was 
much apprehensive for your health: there being no 
one who more truly esteems and honours you, than; 
Dear Sir, your most obedient and most obliged 
humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


TLE LER, Vv, 
seme: lt P 
For Mr. Perer Des Maizeaux. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, Sept. 16, 1738: 
Thad the pleasure of hearing of your health by 
Mr, Gyles, in a letter I lately received from him. . I 
find Lam indebted to you for the favour. of the last 
Bibliotheque Britannique, which he tells me you was 
so good as to leave at his shop for me. I hope he 
sent you one of my Sermons which I published this 
summer, and that it met with your approbation. 
Pray what news is there in the learned world? 
Will you favour us with a Supplement to Bayle, of 
the English Learned? That news would be a great 
er me. What think you of our new set of 
anatics, called the Methodists? I have seen White- 
field's Journal; and he appears to me to be as mad as 
ever George Fox the Quaker was. ‘These are very 
fit Missionaries, you will say, to propagate the 
Christian faith among Infidels. ‘There is another of 
em, one Wesley, who came over from the same 
m He told a friend of mine, that he had 
lived most deliciously the last summer in Georgia, 
sleeping under trees, and feeding on boiled maize, 
sauced with the ashes of oak leaves ; that he will re+ 
turn thither, and then will cast off his English dress, 
and wear a dried skin, like the savages, the better to 
VOL, It. F ingratiate 


bani: 


6@ | ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ingratiate himself with them. It would be well for 
Virtue and Religion, if this humour would lay hold 
generally of our overheated bigots, and send them 
to cool selves in the Indian Marshes. I fancy 
that L erat Webster would make a very — 
ing as well as proper figure in a couple of bear-skins, 
and ome tiy this terror of si like the Pa- 
gan priests of Hercules of old: 

Jamque Sacerdotes primusque Politius ibant, 

Pellibus 7x morem cincti, flammasque ferebant. 

Dear Sir, do me the favour to believe that nothing 
can be more agreeable than the hearing of you, but 
the hearing from you; and that I am your very 
affectionate and obliged humble servant, 
W. Warsurrton. 


*,* The Collection of Letters to Mr. Des Maizeaux, from 
which those of Mr. Warburton are extracted, principally written 
by persons of considerable literary eminence, fills nine large vo- 
lumes ; (see Ayscough’s Catalogue, 4251—4289),— A Letter or 
two from Mr. Des Maizeaux to Mr. Birch will be found in a fu- 
ture page of this volume. 


ORIGINAL 


NTT LSI [ 67} 
oii Fe aldmratie ici! 0) . 
vebotheiis gegen? eid ie har 


41 


ORIGINAL LETTERS rnoxt WARBURTON 
- qo tite Rev. THOMAS BIRCH *. 


Benittord hoy 


gl ot os oh LETTER! & 


: x ; 
To the Rev. Mr. Tuomas Bircn, in St. John's 
5 hd ‘Lane, Clerkenwell, London. 


- Dear Sir, Newarke, Aug. 4, 1736. 
I recetvep the very agreeable favour of yours of 
the 15th past, which I should have acknowledged 
much sooner, had not a journey of ten days, from 
which I am just now returned, prevented me. 
_ You may freely command me in any thing you 
may imagine me capable of serving you, towards 
the ing the very useful ore you are en- 
int. hat I could supply you with in any 


* Of these Letters (the Originals of which are preserved in 
the British Museum, Birch MSS. 4320.) several Retracts were 
by the late Rev. H.P. Maty in his “ New Review,” and 
transplanted into various parts of the “ Literary Anec- 
” yack entire Letters of Bp. Warburton, whose habit 
as to speak boldly of men and things, and not to spare even 
intimate friends, should not be withheld from the world. 
Uae Larne fer particulars in the Literary History of the 

‘Century at present unknown ; and the persons to 
are too far removed from the present scene of 
affected either by his censure or applause. 

“ useful work,” the first of any consequence in which 
Birch engaged, was, ‘ The General Dictionary, Historical 
pac oa wherein a new translation of that of the cele- 
es Mr. Bayle was included ; and which was interspersed with 
oan lives never before published. {t was on the 
fae 1734, that Mr. Birch, in conjunction with the 

. Mr. John Peter Bernard, and Mr. Jobn Lockman, agreed 
the Booksellers to carry on this important undertaking ; 

and Mr, George Sale was employed to draw up the articles relating 
2 to 


Fa 


ati? 


E 
S 


i 


a z 
F 


a8: 


EF. 


gf 


68 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


article would rather relate to the character of the 
man as a Writer, and of his Writings, than to any 
particulars of his Life. Pr 

» As to Ben Jonson, I take it to: be as you say, 
that his Life is very defectively and inconsistently 
told; but, not having any of his Historians by me, 
it is impossible for me to say any thing on that head 
much to your purpose. . And conceive that nei- 
ther in that article, nor any other, could I be of 
use to you, unless I; had the article as you have 
drawn it up to peruse, or your particular queries on 
what sticks with you, to answer, And. this the ra- 
ther, because not having had/an opportunity to see 
the numbers of your Work as they came out, I can 
but imperfectly. judge, from the extreme few arti- 
cles I can’ see, and which I highly approve, ‘of 
the taste in which you carry them on; whether 
you confine yourself in an Historical manner to the 
text after the’ way of Mr. Des Maizeaux in his’ 
Lives of Chillingworth and Hobbes: or whether, in 
the cast of Bayle, you give a loose to any moral, 
philosophic, or philologic reflection, that can be 
started out of the circumstances of the text. 

I beg you, dear Sir, to believe that I esteem your 
correspondence as a great honour; and shall be al- 
ways proud of your commands, ‘and of using every 
opportunity of shewing how much I am, dear Sir, 

Your very affectionate and most obedient 
humble servant, W. Warsurton. . 


to Oriental History, The whole design was completed in ten vo- 
lumes, folio; the first of which appeared in 1734, and the last in 
1741. It is universally allowed, that this work contains a very 
extensive and useful body of biographical knowledge. We are 
not told what were the particular articles written by Mr. Birch ; 
but there is no doubt of his having executed a great part of the 
Dictionary: neither is it any disparagement to his co-adjutors, 
to say, that he was superior to them in abilities and reputation, 
’ with the exception of Mr. Sale, who was, without contro- 

versy, peculiarly qualified for the department he had undertaken. 
See p. 19. 


LETTER 


~ MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 69 
| fad Bee te 
» To the Rev. Mr. Bircn. 
“DearSir, Newarke-upon-Trent, Ag: 17,1737. 
BL Eta ae you feft with him for 
me the fine edition of Greaves's Works * : for which 
Fs nf teem myself highly obliged to you. But 
2 told me at the same time-that you had not re- 
ceived a letter which I did myself the honour to 
write to you, immediately on the receipt of yours. 
He has given me your address; but whether it be the 
same I had before, I have forgot. 
- Thad the pleasure of hearing of your health when 
mE last at Cambridge from one whom I dare say 
we have an equal esteem for. I mean, my excellent 
Dr, Middleton, whom, on my return out of 
ufo} | Sir Thomas Hanmer, I found just come 
rome cds 
ray how goes on your Literary Society +? What 
Po ociatin, ?. and aang of As Sale’st 
or Blackwell's in the number? I was sin- 
at the death of the former gentleman, 
sake of his family, and of learning. He 
proved the English Herbelot. 
expected some time to hear of Professor 
. Ithink he is in Scotland; but, if he 
nig should be obliged to you to let me 


published. Is it looked into? 1 should hope 
ely for the sake of the taste, the sense, and 


* necdotes,” vol. Il; p. 90. 

“ Mr. George Sale translated the Koran of Mahomet ; was 
Authors of the Universal History, also of the General 
whieh includes Bayle, in translating of whom he 
oe elf, as being a Work agreeable to his own genius. 
He was reckoned to understand the Oriental Languages better 
than any man in England.. He died, in Surrey-street in the 
Strand, Nov, 15,1736.” Gent. Mag. vol. VI. p. 634. 


learning 


| 


a 


790 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


learning of the present age; for nothing could 
give mea worse idea of them than that book's being 
in any degree of esteem as a composition of a man 
of Letters. I have some knowledge of the Author *. 
An afternoon’s conversation, w I was last, in 
town, gave me the top and bottom of him; and 
though I parted from, him with the most contempti- 
ble opinion both of his candour and his sense, he 
has had the art, in this book, of writing even below 
himself. It is composed principally of scraps ill 

t together from “ Christianity as old as the Crea- 
tion,” larded with some of the most stupid fancies 
of his own that ever entered into the head of man. 
Such as Moses’s scheme for an universal Monarchy; 
This, I take it, was a simple genuine blunder from 
Toland, who had said, with something more pre- 
tence, that Moses aimed at a perpetual Monarchy ; 
and, by a true Irish blunder, this blockhead took 
perpetual to signify universal. 

I hope nobody will be so indiscreet as to take no- 
tice publicly of his book, though it be only in the 
fag end of an objection, It is that indiscreet con- 
duct in our Defenders of Religion, that conveys so 
many worthless books from hand to hand. ‘ 

I beg, Sir, you will be assured that I shall have no 
greater pleasure than hearing of you from time to 
time at your leisure. It will be but charity to let me, 
who live out of the world, know now and then the 
literary state of it; and it will bea double satisfac- 
tion to hear of it from one so excellently qualified to 
report it. I hope to give one Volume of my De- 
fence of Moses this winter, but this between you 
and me. I have sent both to French and English 
booksellers for Melchior Zeidler’s “'Tractatus de 


* Thomas Morgan, M. D. Author of “The Moral Philoso- 

her ; in a Dialogue between Philalethes a Christian Deist, and 

phanes a Christian Jew,” and several other Tracts, died at 

his house in Broad-street, Jan. 14, 1742-3, “ with a true 
Christian resignation.” Gent, Mag. vol, XIII. p. 5). ? 

gemina 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 71 


ino veterum ‘docendi modo exoterico et acroa- 
matico. 1685,” 4to; and cannot get it. As 
it is a book I much want, if you could jend it me, 
‘or buy it for me, it would be a great obligation. 
» Ibeg my humble: serviceto your friend, that 
very worthy gentleman you did me ‘the favour to 
ines the: knowledge’ of, and: who was so 
year to enquire of me by a friend, as he 
— Newarke. I desire too you’ would 
Mr. Dickson of my best ts. oT oft 
wish myself with you at the Coffee-house in the 
=... ‘a Thursday night; but, whether there 
| desire you to believe that I am, with great 
truth, dear ia 5 you wary faithful and affectionate 
humble servant, Ww. ecconeeciigay 
ld itther pherid 


Set eal “ “LETTER itt. 


vai the Rev. Tuomas Brrcu. 
: [Received Oct. 24, 1737.] 
‘Tha i a of the 23d of August to ac- 


knowledge Since | my last, I have read over Greaves’s 
: is avery learned and very judicious 


noite was the Editor of ‘ Greaves's Miscellaneous 
orks, 1787,” 2 vols. Svo ; and was also the Author of ie 


ar bg idse 
mel 


Li of th ned Professor in the “ General Dictionary ;” 
hich, after faa Greaves's quitting England for ppt 5 
a 1097; | with the intent of proceeding thence “ to explore 


remains Bs Antiquity in the Eastern Countries,” 
stro « Mr, Wood, who is grossly mistaken in placing 

s voyage to the East in 1633, informs us, that the 
Archbishop “sent him to travel into the Eastern parts of the 

rid to kare ea Books of the Languages for him ;" and Dr. 

nh es it Mr. Greaves furnished himself with quad- 
‘and other instruments necessary for taking the alti- 
distances of the Stars and the latitudes of Cities, for 
the Pyramids, and making observations of the 
Tipses, at his own expence, having in vain applied himself for 
the patronage and assistance of the Magistrates of the City of Lon- 
don, whose honour and advantage he designed to consult in this 
eri but that he was very probably assisted by the ace. 


72 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Writer; and I think the world much indebted: to 
you for this edition of them. But as I am above 
measure fond of all that relates to the Literary His- 
tory of such men, your excellent Life of him could 
not but afford me a great deal of entertainment. 
There are two circumstances in it that give me a 
worse opinion of the City of London, and a better 
of Archbishop Laud, than I was wont to entertain. 
I am glad that the Society for the Encouragement 
of. Learning is in so hopeful a condition; though 
methinks it is a little ominous to set their press a 
going with the errantest Sophist that ever wrote, pre- 
pared by asarrant a Critic *. 
. You are pleased to enquire about eerie nin I 
believe (to tell’it as a secret) I shall, after. 1 have got 
the whole of this Work out of my hands which I am 
now engaged in, give an Edition of it to the World+-, 


of Canterbury, who gave him Letters of Recommendation to Sir 
Peter Wyche, Ambassador from King Charles I, to the Porte, and 
a full power (o purchase at whatever price he thought proper 
ayy Manuscripts of yalue, especially in the Arabic Langnage ;”” 

d afterwards subjoins a Letter from Greaves; in which, 
after, acknowledging his obligations to the Archbishop, — for 
whose use he had obtained some valuable Greek and Arabic 
MSS. he adds, “It is true, many more very choice ones might 
be procured with enquiry, and watching after opportunities, if 
they would give the price. Some few. of those, which they 
thought to be overvalued, I have purchased at excessive rates, 
You may wonder how I have been able to doit, since the City of 
London hath failed me in my expectations of their contributions 
towards mathematical instruments, I have been necessitated to 
Sell most of the Books I brought with me. But the love and 
care of my brothers straining their own occasions to supply mine 
have enabled me, in despite of the City, to go on with my designs,”* 

* The Edition of “ Maximus Tyrius,” by Dr. John Davis. See 
the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol, IL. pp. 96. 134. ‘ 

+ The Life of Shakespeare, in the ‘‘ General Deen 
augmented by Mr. Birch from materials furnished by Mr, War- 
burton, contains the whole of those Remarks, which are thus 
introduced ; ‘‘ Shakespeare's Dramatic Writings were first pub- 
lished together in folio in 1623, and, since republished by Mr, 
Rowe, Mr, Pope, and Mr. Lewis Theobald. But we may expect 
amuch more correct edition of them from the reverend and 
learned Mr. William Warburton, Author of * The Divine Lega- 
tion of Moses demonstrated,’ who, in his Edition, besides a ge- 

neral 


‘MR. WARBURTON TO-MR. BIROH. 13 
Sir Thomas Hanmer has a true critical genius, and 


has done great things in this Author; so you may 
ex) ee a very tone edition of its kind. 
phir cei ee prefix to it a just and com- 

oe and his Works. > 


pleteigtiqnie-on 


cte of Shakespeare oni hia writings prefixed, will 
hich he observed in correcting his Author, and 
We shall i give the Reader a specimen of this 
fed e n se urious remarks, whieh this excellent 
communicated ‘3 us, and which we shall introduce by 
lustration on Mr. it admirable character co 


from the fountains of Nature ; it proceeded 
trainers and channels, and came to him not 
of the learning, or some cast of the mo- 
efore him. The Poetry of Shakespeare was inspi- 
he is not so much an imitator, as an instrument 
and it is not so just to say that he speaks from her, 
peaks through him. His characters are so much 
if, that it is a sort of injury to call them by so dis- 
copies of her. ‘Those of other Poets have a con- 
sa re shews that they received them from 
but multipliers of the same image ; each 
-rainbow, i is but a reflection of a reflection. 
h er in Shakespeare is as much an indivi- 
life itself: it was impossible to find any two 
from their relation or affinity in any respect 
fins, will upon comparison be found remarkably 
nouncement of Mr, Warburton’s intended Edi- 
ed up by another Friend, in “ The History of 
he Learned” for 1740: ‘ No Author has had a 
our reflected on him by his Editors than Shakespeare. 
hese we may reckon a sublime genius, who is one of 
il ornaments of this age, and of the British Nation, 
ed not be told, that it is Mr. Pope, whom I intend by 
jut, as the Works of our Dramatic Poet have 
the concern even of this celebrated per- 
it they extremely needed it, on account 
stinndietsble corruptions by which, through one 
her, they have been depraved. By his care and saga- 
0 these have been removed’ or amended; and the 
s of them assigned. Shakespeare has been in a good 
Testored to his original purity, and his admirers are no 
aloss t to account for that surprizing inconsistency with 
which 


74 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


There .is a book, published two or three. years, in 
“gto, called * An Inquiry. into the Nature of the Hu- 
man Soul.” It is a master-piece in its kind. I am 
told it is wrote by one Baxter *. I wish you could 


which he was wont to be charged, of being, in many instances, 
one of the most judicious, and, with regard to others, one of 
the most nonsensical Writers in the world. However, after all 
that the incomparable Mr. Pope, the ingenious Mr, Rowe, and 
the plodding Mr. Theobald, haye done to cleanse and restore him 
to his native lustre, there still remain in him many faults to be 
amended, and a thousand graces which have never yet been dis- 
played. In truth, both of these were so multifarious, that it 
required the juint endeavours of many (and those of the ablest) 
hands, to rectify the one, and to explicate the other; therefore, 
wwe are not to wonder, if men of consummate ability still think 
their talents very worthily employed in so laudable a Ac- 
cordingly the Rev. Mr. Warburton has bestowed thereon some of 
those leisure hours which he could spare from the duties of his 
sacred function !_ He is determined to add his labours to those 
* of that illustrious Critic and the others above-named, in re- 
moving the blemishes and premplify the beauties of this in- 
estimable Author, which did not Poe their consideration; so 
that. we are like to be shortly furnished with a more complete 
and aceurate Edition of his Writings than has hitherto been pub- 
lished.” The specimens are then repeated, from the ‘ General 
Dictionary,” to the extent of 34 octavo pages.—Mr. Warburton's 
aosiciy and sdepee on this subject will r in pp. 96—110, 
* This: ingenious Metaphysician and Natural Philosopher, 
whom Mr. Warburton so warmly commends, was born in 1686, 
or 1687, at Old Aberdeen, in Scotland, of which city his father 
was a merchant, and educated in King's College there. His 
principal employment was that of a private tutor to young gen- 
tlemen ; among other of his pupils were. Lord Grey, Lord 
Blantyre, and Mr, Hay of Drummelzier. About 1724, he mar- 
vied the daughter of Mr. Mebane, a clergyman in the shire of 
Berwick. A few years after he published, in 4to, “ An Enquiry 
into the Nature of the Human Soul, wherein its Immateriality 
is evinced from the Principles of Reason and Philosophy ;" with- 
outany date, In 1741,hewent abroad with Mr. Hay, and resid 
some years at Utrecht ; having there also Lord Blantyre under 
his care, He made excursions from thence into Flanders, 
France, and Germany ; his wife and family Tyiding in the mean 
time chiefly at Berwick-upon-T'weed. He returned to Scotland 
in 1747, and resided till his death at Whittingham, in the shire 
of East Lothian. He drew up, for the use of his pupils and his 
son, ‘‘ Matho, sive, Cosmotheoria puerilis, Dialogns, In quo prima 
elementa de mundi ordine et ornatu proponuntur,” &c. of which 
only 30 copies were printed. This was afterwards greatly enlarged, 
and published in English, in two volumes, Svo. In 1750 he pub- 
lished 


| 
MR, WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 15 


inform mewho he is, and where he is; for he appears 
peer very extraordinary person. | I could wish, 
the sake of the noble truths he teaches us, it had 

the de: ght of the Sixth Section. | 
ooksellers of Geneva, who published the 
ry of Calmet, promised that, if Calmet 
y Additions to it, as he then threatened, 
int them separately ; in confidence of 
, I bought that edition. Calmet has since been 
good as h word. I want to know whether the 
Booksellers have been as good as theirs: and, if they 
2, h sl pal get the Additions: not but there: 


trumpery already, but I am consulting, 
rs advantage, not my own. . 


Appendix to his Enquiry into the Nature of the 
t erein he endeavours to remove some difficul- 
had been started against his notions of the “ vis 
‘matter, by Maclaurin, in his « Account of Sir Isaac 
Philosophical Discoveries.” To this piece Mr. Baxter 
to Mr. Wilkes, afterwards so well known 
. Mr. Baxter died this year, April the 23d, 
g for some months under a complication of disor- 

it was the chief; and was buried in the 
flay, at Melons agg Some judicious re- 
forks may be seen in Mr. A. Chalmers’s Edition of 
pal Dictionary,” vol. IV. p. 188. 


A as ers were a/ldressed to Mr. Steers peared 
_ Mr, Baxter had commenced an acquaintance a |, and with 
whom he carried on a friendly pon ev ret till his own death: 
My peanest Mr. Wirxes, Whittingham, Nov... 1749. 

e employed my time, of late, in considering the diffe- 

ersy, between the English and Foreign Philoso- 
ing the force of bodies moving in free spaces ; 
ts quence spreads far and wide through Natural 
thy. 1 have shewn demonstratively, that the experiments 
t by the Foreign Philosophers to establish their new theory 
plicable entirely to the English computation, which they 
il e; and that these learned gentlemen have 
them. We talked much of pag trope shea 

he Capuchins’ garden at Spa. I have finished the prima 
‘it, in the dialogue way ; oh design to inscribe it La my 
Mn Wilkes ; whom, under a borrowed name, I have made 
interlocutors. If you are against this whim (which 
nate love to you has made me conceive), I will drop - 
n 


le 


76 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


. If the: Author of * The Characteristicks” comes 
» in amongst the Lives ‘in ‘your Dictionary, it will 
oblige the publick, to explain’ the causes of that. 
strange rancour and disgust that he appears (by a 
great many places of his Work) to bear to Mr, 
Locke and his * Essay.” It the more surprized 
me, because Mr. Locke had been his tutor, and his 
grandfather’s particular friend; and Le Clerc, who 
was well acquainted with both, seems, when he wrote 
the Life of Locke, not to have been apprehensive of | 
any thing of this matter. Perhaps it is not every 
one that reads ** The Characteristicks” that discovers 
this outrage to Mr. Locke. 4 

I see in a Catalogue of French Books the Me-' 
moirs of Talon, that was Advocate-General of the 
Court of the Parliament of Paris, and afterwards 


In the mean time I shall publish an Appendix to the Enquiry, 
which you must (give me leave to inscribe to you in the follow- 
«© To Joun Wirkes, of Aylesbury, in the County of 
Buckingham, Esquire. 

* Sn, The subject of our conversation in the Capuchins’ garden 
at Spa, in the summer of 1745, still lies by me in the dress it was 
first put in, I have not leisure, at present, to prepare it for the 
public view. In the interim, I send you the following sheets, as 
a token of my sincere respect. It is a pleasure to think on the 
time we spent so agreeably together. 

«Iam, Sir, your most obedient servant, Ann. Baxren.” 


“ My pearest Mr. Witxes, Whittingham, Jan, 29, 1750. 
. Your Jetter of December 12, 1749, alarmed me, by hearing 
you had had such a dangerous fall from your horse. Moderate 
exereise is good : but dangerous exercise, such as riding a fiery 
horse, is not commendable: and if you would oblige Mrs. 
Wilkes, if you would. oblige all your friends, and all good men 
(who conceive great hopes from you), you will be more cau- 
tious for the future. We had a terrible instance in the news- 
papers lately, of aman who got his death by such a fall. 

* As to altering any thing in the address to-you before the 
Appendix, I durst not do it without your participation ; unless 
you had suggested something which you would have changed ; 
and by this time, I suppose, it is published. I wish you and 
Mrs. Wilkes all possible prosperity, and am, &c. Axp. Baxter.” 


Pre- 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH; 77 


President & Mortier. They ave lately published; 
and Ido not find them mentioned in any, of the 
Foreign Journals. that I have seen. Pray what cha- 
racter do they. bear ? 

Ado not know whether you have had; or intend 
to brag article in your Dictionary, Pi Lord Cla- 

Though that foolish fellow Oldmixon be- 

hii mce, his malice, and his..calumny, 

ulteration of that History ; and though 

lieve there’ were no additions to it; yet I am in- 

clined to think there were some omissions. One 

pes aaresenge one, I am sure, I can shew with 

dni ess in another kind of way than he 

‘of. If it will be of any use to you in that 
bean ge es your service. 

St. Austin’s orks are, or were, lately printing at 
Venice. ‘The Booksellers, I think, mostin aed 
the Seventh Tome, which cntitainer! is “ De Civi- 
tate Dei,” should be sold . separately. I wonder 
whethenttibe; out, and to be bought in town. 

wll Sir, your very affectionate humble 


serint and friend sy W. Warsurton. 
a i Wy maton Bily prs 

ue Hn 

ve pig's 
oon ie “LETTER Iv. 


| “Toite: Rey. Mr. Tuomas Bircu. 
BAR SiR, Nov. 24,1737. 
ps compliance. to aoe request, I shall throw to- 
gether a few ‘scattered remarks, as they come into 
head, without any manner of order, concerning 
} 's Character, and. his Writings. : 
(was a poor creature in all respects, pone 
anifested his malignity and folly more than 
| the Life of Milton. 
~ There.is.one egregious instance of it you will do 
well:to avoid. He represents Milton’s moral cha- 
’ racter, 


78 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


racter, as a member of society, to be excellent, 
which was certainly the most corrupt of any man’s 
of that age. I do not say so on account of his either 
being a Presbyterian, an Independent, a Republican, 
for the Government of One (for many honest men 
were in every one of these ways), but because he was 
all these in their turn, as they came uppermost, with- 
out (by any thing that appears to the contrary) a 
struggle or a blush. Imagine to yourselfa thorough 
time-server, and you could not put him upon any 
task more completely conformable to that charac- 
ter than what Milton voluntarily underwent. For 
a Life-writer then to disguise this, is, in my opi- 
nion, a horrid violation of truth. It is true, he was 
steady in one thing, namely, in his aversion to the 
Court and Royal Fensily t I suspect it) was be- 
cause he was not received amongst the Wits there 
favourably: he who was so far superior ‘to them 
all. I take this to have been owing to the stiffness 
of his style and manner, so contrary to that of the 
Court-Wits, who were enervating themselves on the 
modelof France very fast ; for, you know, softness, 
easiness, and disengagedness, was the character of the 
Court Writers of that time. 

The virulency of his pen against his adversaries 
is certainly another blemish to that great man ; 
which, in “ An Apology for the People of Eng- 
land,” was abominable, as violating and degrading 
the character he sustained. 

His English prose style‘has in it something very 
singular and original. It has grandeur, and force, 
and fire; butis quite unnatural, the idiom and turn 
of the period being Latin. It is best suited to his 
« English History ;” his air of antique giving a good 
grace to it. Itis wrote with great simplicity, con- 
trary to his custom in his prose works, and is the 
better for it. But he sometimes rises to a surprising 
grandeur ini the sentiment and expression, as at the 
conclusion of the Second Book: “ Henceforth we 


are 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH, 79 


are to steer,” &c. «I never saw any thing equal to 
"this, but: the conclusion of Sir Walter’ Raleigh’s 
« History | rea 6 scone bjim . 
. Heisthe Author of three perfect pieces of Poetry. 
pera a dost; ii$f Seniens csigomiteny! pcs 
‘Masque at Ludlow Castle.” The two dramatic pieces 
separately possess the united excellencies of this fa- 
mous Epic Poem ; there being in the last all the ma- 
jesty of sentiment that ennobles the Tragedy, and 
all the sweetness of description that charms in. the 
Masque. Indeed the Tragedy (as in imitation of the 
Antients) has, as.it were, a gloominess intermixed 
with the sublime (the subject not very different, the 
fall of two Heroes by 2 Woman), which shines more 
serenely in his “ Paradise Lost :” as there is in the 
* Masque” (in which he only copied Shakespeare) a 
brighter vein of Poetry, intermixed with a softness 


pre than is to be found in the charming 


uiaaiaen ta Regained” is a charming Poem; 
‘nothing inferior in the try and sentiment 
to the “ Paradise Lost ;” its ieogendered as a just 
composition in the Epic way, infinitely inferior; and 
indeed no more an Epic Poem than his “ Mansus.” 
- tis said that it appeared by a Manuscript in Tri- 
nity College, Cambridge, now lost or mislaid, that 
intended an Opera of the “ Paradise Lost.” 

ire, on the credit of this circumstance, amongst 

a a of impertinences*, pretends boldly that he 
took int from a Comedy he saw at Florence, 
ealled « Adamo;” and others imagine too he con- 
ceived the idea in Italy. Now I will give you good 
ptoof that al} this is a vision. In one of his politi- 
eal ae wrote early by him, I forget which, 
he tls world he had conceived a notion of an 
Epic poem on the story of Adam or Arthur. What 


you will say, must we do with the circum- 
the Trinity College MS.? I believe I. can 


; * Essay on Epic Poetry, p. 102. 


a 


explain 


80 ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


explain that matter.» When the Parliament got up- 

ost, they suppressed all playhouses ; on which 
Sir John Denham (I think) and others contrived to 
get Operas performed, This took with the people, 
and was much. in their taste; and: religious: ones 
being the favourites of that sanctified. people, was; 
I believe, what inclined Milton, at that time (and 
neither before nor after) to make an Opera of it. 
This, I fancy, being the case, I would have you con- 
sider whether the plan of the Tragedy which you talk 
of in the MS. was not indeed the plan of an Opera. 

Toland * makes Milton contract an intimacy with 
his Excellency as in the year 1640, Span- 
heim being then but 11 years old ; and for f re+ 
fers to a letter wrote to him in 1654. If, therefore; 
Toland had any authority for a friendship contracted 
with a Spanheim at that time, it must have been Fre- 
derick Ezechiel, pastor of Geneva; and by the letter 
wrote to the son it appears he had some knowledge 
of the father. Hear how this wretch talks of Usher 
and Salmasius. Of the former-+: ‘“ Now Usher's 
chief talent lying in much reading, and “being a 
great Editor and admirer of old writings.” His 
chief talent was the truest judgment and most pro- 
found knowledge of Antiquity. Of the latter: — 
“this man had got a t name,” &c. p. 30, as if 
he was not in reality the greatest critic of his time, 
and as much superior to Milton in that way, as Mil- 
ton was to him in the subject they en d in. 

T once saw the first edition of the Masque at Ludlow 
Castle, without Milton’s name to it, and found that 
it was dedicated by Lawes the great Musician who 
made the music for it: from whence I concluded 
that Lawes only employed Milton, and paid him for 
it, and took the benefit of the Dedication. This 
shews. his small acquaintance, or ill reception at 
Court. What is very odd is, the:silence of his con- 
temporary Poets on his character. I mean before the 

* Page 10 of. his Life. + Ibid. p. 12. ; 
~ Restoration 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR: BIRCH. 81 


» Tobserved’ Anthony &: Wood knew of 
Miltons and ‘Denham’s reciprocal. services, which 
the compound R* makes =" pam a 

ibou asa discovery of hisown. |) > 
“ j —_ « Tl Penseroso” ate ers 
tainly 1 master-pieces i in their kindy You will see in 
Theobald's heap of disjointed stuff; which he calls a 
speare, an observation upon those 
Poems, which I made to him, and which he did not 
understand, and .so has made it a good deal obscure 
pein cree my note; for you must understand, 
that Preface (except, what relates to 
Shakespeare's. Life, and the foolish Greek conjec- 
= was made up of notes I sent him 
62 and which he has_ there 

ithout head or tail. 

wOfalhe Ee nglish Prose Tracts, those on Divorce 
are the best: reasoned. In his controversy on ¢he 
pe a horrid sophister ; but what was fa- 


and cant in the rest of his party shews 


itself imhim in a prodigious spirit of poetical enthu- 
he frequently breaks out into strains as 


\ eee posible more so, than any in his 


is For the Liberty of the Press” is in 
bee: a master- Bere 4 
’ ie of E ucation, to Hartlib,” is a very ' 


aed bow willing Iam to serve you, while I 


il with myself to write this loose disjointed 
ie oa I would have you consider it only as 


hints, that eeeneatirely at your service to make what 


se of, 
“Tia endeavour to give you what satisfaction I 


“Mis alludes to“ Explanatory Notes and Remarks on Mil- 
radise Lost ; by J. Richardson, Father and Son,” noticed 
burton in p.32.—This publication, amongst a variety 
occasioned by an unlucky expression of the father, 
i for the performance, «that he had looked into 
‘Classics through his Son,” drew from the pencil of Hogarth 
‘a eatirical print intituled, “ _ Compound Richardson.” __ 
« VOL. Nn. can, 


82 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


can, in an rou waht to be satisfied in, on the 
sabnert af i send am rotate: glad you in- 
tend to write his Life, Almost all the Life-writers 
we have had, before Toland and Des Maizeaux, aré 
indeed strange insipid creatures; and yet I had ra- 
ther read the worst of them, than be obliged to go 
through with this of Milton’s, or the other’s Life of 
Boileau, where there is such a dull heavy succession 
of long quotations of uninteresting passages, that it 
thakes their method quite nauseous. But verbose, 
tasteless Frenchman seems to lay it down as a prin- 
ciple, that every Life must be a Book; and, what is 
worse, it proves a Book without a Life; for what 
do we know of Boileau after all his tedious stuff? 
You are the only one (and I speak it withouta com- 
pliment) that, by the vigour of your style and senti- 
ments, and the real iniportance of your materials, 
have the art (which one would imagine no one could 
have missed) of adding agrémens to the most agree- 
able subject in the world, which is, Literary History. 
The cause Shaftesbury’s friends give for the ill 
treatment of his divine Master cannot be the true. 
Every body knows Locke's and the Chancellor's ha- 
bitudes in Holland, It is possible the papers might 
jncommode a-timorous man, but in such cases it is 
eertain he would have sent them thither to. some 
common friend. I am, dear Sir, your most affec- 
tionate humble servant, . WARBURTON, 

. PS. You will guess, by the dirtiness of the paper, 
this Letter has been wrote some time, which is 
indeed true. But my business at my other living * 
ealled me from home, and I am but just returned, 


LETTER VY. 
To the Rey. Mr, Bircn. 
Dear Sir, March 8, 1737-8. 


T am vastly obliged to you for the favour of your 
‘two last. The sending me Webster's wicked paper 
* Q. Frisby in Lincolnshire, or Greisley, in Notti mshire? 
Sas waht, p59. a aban: accor 
was 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 83 


Wasexceeding kind. The misery of it is, such sort 
of men have no argument to lay hold of; and if you 
expose their wickedness in the terms it deserves, you 


are it to communicate of theit wrath and un- 
pw a Do you think it worth while to take 
as notice of him ?” Pray tell me. 

cement to hear in youts no mention of the no- 


moran vt top A a ee of Milton *; and the 
wore oufnals mention as if it was 
pa out with Toland’s Life. 

_ [hope to have the pleasure of many an howe with 
—— spring in town, where I have the thoughts 

about the beginning of next montlr; but 

shoold be glad to hear from you first. 

Lam, dear Sir, your most ae and obliged 
Stents and humble servant, = W. Warsurron. 


tire LETTER VI. 

ISAs ‘To the Rev. Mr. Bricn. 

‘Dear Str, March 23, 1737-8. - 
T received the very obliging favour of yours of the 


18th, inclosed-++ very much surprized me; for 
dae ileavicant pri i it, whose it 
was ; and Writer needed not (as he has since 
have acquainted me with my obligations. Ina 

cand, it is from a very intimate friend; and that is 
the best excuse can be said for it. The worst i is, 
that give me most offence prevented 

the Writer from giving me the least intimation of 


epee A lete Collection of the Historical, Politi- 
cal, and us Works of John Milton, correctly printed 
Editions. To this is prefixed, An Historical 

Socume Account of the Life and Writings of Mr. John Mil- 
ton, by ‘Thomas Bireh, M. A. and F. R.S. with an Appendix, 
two Dissertations; the first concerning the Author 

Se Sieh The Portraicture of his Sacred Majesty in his 

| xgomenicy 3 and concerning the Prayer of Pamela, 

ditions of that jook ; the second, con- 


the Goan said to be given by King Charles I. in 
Year Tet NY ela Trish Papists, for taking up Arms against, 


f oe Eater, ag Bay, printed | in some Newspaper, ‘ 
€2 his 


(84 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


his design. ‘The writer is, as I'say,; an old friend, 
a Physician of great abilities *, and infinite worth 
and virtue; well acquainted.with my most secret 
thoughts, an inveterate enemy to bigotry and perse- 
cution, and with all this surprizingly partial to his 
Friend; so that,indignation, hate, and love all. 
joined to produce, the passionate apology you sent 
me. But the matter, is not to be done by passion, 
And the best that can be. said for it is, that it was 
the effect of the sincerest friendship that ever one’ 
man,professed for another. I could not say less to 
you upon this occasion, but it is more than [I would 
say to any one else: therefore I beg you would 
make it a secret, You will receive more satisfaction, 
I hope, from a short pamphlet now printing, which 
I wrote in vindication of myself. 

What you have been told concerning Webster's 
reprimand is true. You surprize me in what you 
say of Felton’s+ being the Author of the Letter; 
and though I havegreat assurance it was Webster's, 
yet Lam half inclined to think Felton had some hand 
in this matter. .I will tell you plainly why. Three 
quarters of a year ago I received a letter from Felton, 
which I now have by me, not directly to me, where, 
after many compliments, he desires to know my 
sentiments concerning the Jews’ knowledge of a fu- 
ture state; for that he would not willingly disagree 
with me; and, being then in a course of Sermons at 
Oxford upon that trine from the Creation to 
Christ, and having got through the time before the 
Lord, and arrived at that period, he desired I would 
communicate my sentiments to him on that point. 

In a word, the Letter in which this modest request 
was made was a strange heap of absurdities, which I 
knew not how to reply to. And communicating it 


* It does not appear who this Physician was. Perhaps Dr. 
» Stukeley,; or Dr. Robert Taylor. 

+ Dr. Henry Felton, author of the “ Dissertation on reading’ 
the Classics,"" was Rector of Whitwell in Derbyshire; and died 
March 1739-40, ext. 61. 

to 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 85 


to a friend of great worthy he'told me his character ; 
and that the worthy Doctor had made himself so 
‘well known, both at Oxford, and at ‘his Living at 
Derbyshire, that I might very well dispense with 
the honour of his acquaintance. On which account, 
|» T wrote a short but very civil answer to his Letter ; 
in which (as he particularly desired my opinion of 
his Sermons, which were sent with it for my peru- 
sil) I was very fall in his commendations. © How- 
ever, I heard-he said, “ he’ knew not what to make of 
ana ” that is, he could make nothing of it to 
"ie Teen Hine tlle lachryme. © ‘on 
*) Lam: vastly pleased with your design in the Life 
of Milton ; “particularly with \ the “Appendices. 
Charles I, with all his faults, fell at last a sacrifice for 
‘the Church of England; therefore I do not think 
a Minister of it can’ be’ employed in a worthier office 
than in hisvindication. ‘The first‘of these two af- 
fairs | have examined'with great earefulness ; and'I 
own I donot know what to think of it.” We shall 
have’ much talk “about it when I see you! The 
other he was certainly clear in. But that is the 
stance by which I think I can certainly prove 
there has been one paragraph in Lord Clarendon’s 
MS History omitted in the printed one. I will 
tell you my reason at ‘large, if I have not told it to 


mu before, when I see you. I propose being in 

mb hen, or Easter week ; and am, dear Sir, 

| Yourvery obliged and affectionate humble servant, 
MO ai oe . W, Warsurton. 


, 1:90 Wren) Joi 

| west eB TTER Vu- 

| To'thie Rev. Mr. Binet. 
Dear Sin, Friday morning, April 14,1738. 


ure to hear you called upon me 


ae Pp 
bi rt. Gyles’s. I should be glad to know 
= can have the pleasure of your company 


SO 


to-morrow 


86 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


to-morrow evening, and where. If you will be so 
good to int time and place, by a letter to 
me, it will be a.great pleasure to, dear Sir, 

Yours most affectionately, W. Warsurtoy, 


LETTER VIII, 
To the Rev. Dr. Brrcu. 


Dear Sir, (April. ...1738.] 
I was surely unlucky not to meet with you this 
third time. I will endeavour to be at home by seven, 
but, having after dinner some extraordinary unayoid- 
able business, if it should be half an hour or an hour 
Jater, 1 beg you will either stay at my lodgings, or 
leave word where you choose I shall come to you. 
Yesterday a young gentleman, Mr. Fordyce, came 
to me from Mr. Professor Blackwell; and as | 
me he was acquainted with you, I told him J ha 
hopes of seeing you this evening, and that we should 
be glad of his company. I am in hopes you will find 
him at Mr. Gyles’s about the same hour with your- 
self, to keep you company if I should not chance to 
¢ome at that hour. Dear Sir, yours most affection- 


ately, W. Wansurton, 
LETTER IX, 
To the Rey, Mr. Biren, 
Dear Sir, Newarke, May 27, 1738. 


[am tly obliged to you for your kind Letter ; 
but I should = ert rehand with you, had I 
not been prevented by one business or other. 

Ido not know what you think in town of the 
Miscellany Papers*, But, I protest, the surprizing 
absurdity made me think that the people would 
eo8 care got somebody to write booty, had not the 
equal virulency shown the Writer to be in earnest. 

You surprize me much in what you tell me of 
the London Doctors of my acquaintance. I can 


* Webster's “ Weekly Miscellany,” , 
only 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH: 87, 


fe thse fe 'you, on the word of an honest man, the’ 
pr aa selves ‘rs peed manner K 
face; and pretended to seek my acquaintance 
and friendship: but, as Donne says, wirie 
- Teach me to hear the Mermaid’s singing, 
And to keep off Envy’s stinging, 
© And to find 
1 7 “ What wind 
Serves to advance an honest mind.” 


evi “ap 
Now if hi 


wi iow the Eastern people denominate their 
bn: pth remarkable transactions of it. This 
eI think should be called the year of Sermons. 
You will say it has infected me, when I tell you one 
of mine is now printing. In a word, I think it will 
_ be the best answer to Webster : it was preached two 
y > at the Bishop's Visitation for Confirma- 
tion: the title of it is, “ Faith working by Charity, 
&e.” ‘There is a long preface to it, in which I give 
the ‘oeeasion of the publication, and in which I 
: and Webster + in a manner (though 
‘not equal to the highest provocation that ever was 
geen they will have no reason to. say 
I sneak to them in an unorthodox manner. | 
The truth is, I find gentleness does but make 
them inst ie more. [ have now tried another 
way, | Il not leave them. There is a serious 
f added, occasioned by the news of your Let- 
ter. I shall order two to you, one for yourself, and 
_ theotherfor Mr.Wray, with my most humbleservice. 
I was desired by the Master of Peter House t, 
i t to publish Spenser, to enquire whether 
‘Venn, of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge; Rec- 
. Antholine, London, 1725; and Author of “ Tracts and 
on several Occasions, 1740.” 
see “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 160—175. 
¢ John Whalley, B.D. Fellow of Pembroke Hall; elected Mzs- 
ter of House 1732; Regius Professor of Divinity 1742. 
‘He died Dec. 12, 1748; and was buried in the College eee 
enton, 


ke 


88 _ ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


Fenton, who published Waller, and he hears had 
an intention‘of publishing Spenser, left any papers 
on that subject behind him, and how they are to be 
procured if he did. I take the liberty of applying 
to you, as the properest person to give me informa- 
tion, which I shall esteem a great favour. 

I told you, I think, I had several of old Lord 
Wharton’s papers. Amongst the rest isa MS. in 
his own hand-writing, a pretended translation of a 
MS’ Apologetical Epistle of Machiavel’s to” his 
friend Zenobio. It is a wonderful fine thing. 
There’ are the printer's marks on the MS. which 
makes me think it is printed, ‘There isa P.S. of 
Lord Wharton's to it, by which it appears this pre- 
tended translation was designed to prefix to an English 
edition of his Works. As I know nothing of the 
English edition of Machiavel, I beg you would 
make this matter out, and let me know. 

There are several Letters of Burnet, Bp. of Salis- 
bury: if you have not yet done bis article, and make 
it in Salisbury, 1 will lend you his Letters: there 
are some singularities in them*. They,are wrote to 
Mrs. Wharton the Poetess, Lord Wharton's first 
wife, whom Burnet rapturously esteemed. r 

I do not at: all: forget the article of Shakespeare ; 

but think of it more or less every day. You shall 
hear more soon from me on that head. 
"1 beg my humble service to all friends, particu- 
larly those at Rawthmell’s coffee-house+-. ‘Lhat So- 
ciety is the only thing, for which I regret my ab- 
sence from London. I am, dear Sir, your most affec- 
tionate humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


P.S. I am so much obliged to you for all your 
favours when I was last in town, that I choose'the 
most conspicuous part of my Letter to return my 
thanks in. ’ , 

* See hereafter, p. 98. 

+ In Henrietta-street, Corent-garden; of which see vol. I. p.3}. 

5 LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 89 
eiewehw i oxLETTER X 


ioe _.__ To the Rey. Mr. Biren. 
wk May 29, 1738. 


Sir, 
1 a received my last. You might perceive 
I ph alli againet Webster vies aie ; 
but his last Letter against me has cured me of it; 
and I design to take no manner of notice of him in 
the Preface of my Sermon. You will wonder at 
this. sich cure: but there is a certain point, 
when any thing arrives, it loses its nature ; 
what was before only simple calumny, appears 
ag ; and i should have an ill office 
the cure of it. But the chief intent 
Satine ‘to desire an answer to my last; and 
cuenme _once again, which I never can do too 
how much I am, 
eA, your most "affectionate friend, and obe- 
dient eerva nt, W. Wannurton. 


» a. BIE TTLER ?XI. 
ee To the Rey. Mr. Bircu; 
Dear Sir, . Newarke, June 17, 1738. 
As you me in your last a sight of Burnet’s 
Lated wi “not be disagreeable to you, I have 
sent closed. There are twelve Letiers and nine 
Poems. “You will see a strange mixture of love and 
ch perhaps will make you believe the re- 
) m not quite groundless. Pray keep them 
Hed _ Inelosed too is a paper I just tore out of one 
piv ew for it is in my way to write any obser- 
| the leaf of the book that is the subject of 
a not time to transcribe it. It contains two 
arks I made; one on Newton's Theory 
System, the other on Kis Theory of Co- 
t gal As I imagine you are about his article, 
eJ earned and i ingenious Gentleman, the Rev. Mr. War- 
burton, Author of The. Divine Legation of Moses demonstrated, 
observes, in a remark communicated to us, “ that our Author's 


Hypothesis of Light ad Colours frees the Corpuscularian 
Philosophy 


al 


99 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


if they be of any worth, you are welcome to 
them. J 

Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend, and 
very humble servant, W. Warsurron. 


LETTER XI. 


To the Rev. Mr, Bincu. 


Dear Sir, “ - Newarte, July 3, 1738." 

I take the liberty of sey Bio inclosed, which 

1 beg you would carry to Mr. Murray, of Lincoln's 

Inn. It is a case on which I want his opinion. I 

u would give him two guineas with it, which, 

on the favour of your answer, I will order to be 
thankfully repaid to you. Iam, dear Sir, 

Your very affectionate humble servant, i 

: W. Warsurron. 


LETTER XIil. 


To the Honourable W. Murray, Esq. in 
» Lincoln's Inn *, oo 


Sir, Newarke-upon-Trent, July 3, 1738. - 

When I was in town in spring, I did myself the 
honour of taking your advice for a friend. I take 
the same liberty again. It is for the same person ; 
only, as that concerned his fortune, this concerns his 


Philosophy from the embarrass of an argument which Aristotle 
brought against that doctrine of sensible qualities being the result 
pie Sigures and dispositions of the insensible parts or atoms, to 
is purpose ; that, ifso, the variety of the figures and disposi- 
tions of the insensible parts being infinite, it would follow, that 
the species of colours should be infinite likewise. But Sir Isaac's 
thesis, which makes Colours the innate property of the rays 

ight, and that different kinds of rays originally and immu- 
tably assert a colour peculiar to themselves, entirely takes off 
the force of this: argument.” Birch's Life of Newton, in the 
Historical Dictionary, vol. VII. pp. 798, 794. ; 
* From the Original, in Birch MSS, 4297. 19. x 
mistress’si 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH, 9h 


mistress’s. I have ordered the bearer to give you 
two guineas; and am, Sir, your very obedient hum+ 
ble servant, 


' W. Warsurton, , 
3a ots = 
LETTER XiIv. 
To the Rev. Mr. Brac. 
_ Dear Sir, July 13, 1738. 
4 ‘the. favour of yours of the Sth, with 


‘sO neo inclosed, for which I return 
fou many le so good, when you go next 
through n’s. no ve eall on Mr. Robert At. 
kinson, attorney, and he has orders to pay you two 
a gd me, by the direction of wells of 


It is a great pleasure to me that such judges as you 
approve of my Sermon, and almost as great that my 
enemies are such as Webster. As go fully re- 
solved for the future not only not to answer, but 
even not to read, any thing that wretch writes 
. me, his putting his name to what he does 
te of use to me. I wish you could contrive 
that should come to his ear. 
coal was at Cambridge a little while ago, and was 
i with so general. a yaa oe au neglect on 

accounts, as well in his own Co as ever 
= that he had the madneis et tell hes 
e_was sorry they had a greater regard for 


Sas and when once asked whe- 


thought I meant to ridicule Christ's 
salem in the mention of Bacchus’s 
weet on an ass; he said, * he would sooner have 
txt off his right hand than mentioned Xanthus as 


t you tell me of the Bishop of London very 

} suirprizes me, because he said the direct con- 

mre myself to what your acquaintance told you 
to him, 


wine” T have 


92 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I have not seen Webster's Circular Letter [to the 
Bishops]. Pray, when you go to Mr. Gyles’s shop, 
desire him to send it me. Cw 

You are not only at liberty to use Burnet’s Let- . 
ters, but the Originals are at your service, and I de- 
sire you to accept them. I have some other papers, 
as Mrs. Wharton’s Letters to her husband, but they 
have little in them; and the Depositions taken on 
the late Duke’s Marriage with Mrs. Holmes, and 
Counsel's opinion on them, with some other papers: 
if they will be acceptable to you, they likewise are 
at your service, and I shall desire your acceptance 
of them; being, dear Sir, your most affectionate 
friend, and very humble servant, W.WarsuRTon, 


LETTER XV. 
To the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Aug. 7, 1738. 

Not hearing from you since my last, I much 
doubted its coming sate. In it I desired you would 
call on Mr. Robert Atkinson, Attorney, of Lincoln’s 
Inn, for the two guineas you was so good to lay 
down for me. I mentioned in it a some rip 
apers that perhaps might be acceptable to you. If 
they be, tlidy and a ee notes to 2 put into Shake- 
speare’s Life shall come together. : : 
I beg you would either send that Whitehall 
Evening Bost in which is Webster's Letter to the 
Bishops, or extract the two places in which he so 
highly compliments the Clergy, with the date of 

that Evening Post. = 
I had the pleasure of a letter from Mr. Fordyce, 
for which I beg you will make him my compliments. 
Had his address been in it, I should not have neg- 
lected to answer it. I am,.dear Sir, your very affec- 
tionate friend, and humble servant, W. Warsurron. 
LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH, 93 


Ihende otis LETTER. XVI. 
oe To. the Rev. Dr. Biren. 
rie! dine hy 
Aug. 27, 1738. 


1 ‘ ‘the favour of yess ‘— with the in- 
heey ewspapers, or whic return you my 


ent you up, by the return of the Newarke 
a _cartiage paid, a peer in which are. the 
papers I promised you; and I desire your acceptance 
of t - The principal of them are, the MS 
: f Machiavel which I told you of before.—A 
>on Divine Love, as he first wrote it. 
tha one. material emendation of the printed 
which read, Canto V. 
ie a Who for himself no miracle would make, 
wo Dispens’d with severac for the people’s sake ; 
% corsage it. But the MS. says rightly, « , 
- Dispens’d with Narure. 
With. several i is papers. —Mrs. Wharton’s Letters. 
—A T dy.—S ome Papers of State about the 
—Lord Wharton’s Epitaph on bis Bro- 
pitapt 


Rice ee 

ther, which has something singular in it—Informa- 
tions yout the late Duke of Wharton's marriage 
mvt nés.—Bundle of Poems. 


Thave put, as I promised you, some 
obse ms on Shakespeare for your Life of him. 
As you intend to insert into the Life Mr. Pope's 

I have thrown them into notes to several 

of that Preface, where he speaks either of the 
character of the Poet, or the condition of his 
Works; illustrating Mr. Pope's observations by ex- 
amples. - This is in two or three sheets of paper, 
y you will think. that the emendations 
ations I there make, do not a little con- 
fo raise our idea of that wonderful Poet. I 
obliged to you, in introducing these notes 
into your Life, if you would take notice in a proper 
my; “that 1 intend to give a complete new edition of 


his 


§4 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


his Plays; for I have a mind the publick should 
know it. 

JT come now to your very agreeable and entertain- 
ing Letter. The Phenomenon of the young Lady * 
under twenty is indeed a very extraordinary one. 
But you forget to mention one particular, that per- 
haps is of more importance to her than all her Greek 
and Latin, that is, whether she be handsome. 
~ What a happy thing it would be if we could send 
over on a mmission some of our hot zealots, to cool 
themselves in an Indian savanna *! MH 

The fanaticism of some of these Missionaries gave 
birth to a very serious thought, which you will find 
in the second edition of the Divine tion, now 
printing ; therefore I shall not repeat it here. 

As to my second volume, I go on with it festi- 
nanter lente. As the first volume contained a View 
of Pagan Religion and Philosophy, so the second 
will be of the Jewish, and the third of the Christian. 

I was told I could buy the late Edition of “ Ste- 
phens’s Latin Thesaurus” pretty cheap in town, 

ially if it could be contrived to buy six toge- 
ther. If this be so, and you would buy me one, 
the money should be thankfully returned by, dear 
Sir, your very affectionate and sincere friend and 
humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XVU. 


To the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Sept. 16, 1738. 
T received the favour of your oie Letter of 
the 7th instant. Your sentiments of the Methodists 


* Miss Elizabeth Carter, the ingenious Translator of Epictetus. 
See her Latin verses “ In Birchium,” Gent. Mag. vol. IX. p. 4. 
+ Mr. Warburton enlarged this sentiment in a letter he wrote 
a few days after to Mr. Des Maiseaux; see before, p. 66. 
are 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH, 95 


ire unquestionably right; and of their original, 
from a discountenanced party. Fanaticism risés 
po age ever. A-couple of these Method- 
, of which Wesley was one, travelling into this 
sighbor on foot, took up their lodging with a 
Clergyman of their acquaintance. ‘The master of 
the house going into their chamber in the morming 
to ssh: pin perceived their chamber-pot full.of 
hlood; and, on asking the occasion, was told it was 
their method, when the blood grew rebellious, to 
draw it off, by breathing a vein, in this manner— 
that they had been heated with travel, and thought it 
per to cool themselves. If common report may be 
credited, the men from whom they sprung, as Hickes 
and Collier, had a more natural way of evacuation. 
I was vastly pleased with so great a curiosity as 
at ‘Lady's * Latin Letter : it is indeed very 
Not long since I received a pamphlet from Mr, 
Baxter, of which only 30 copies have been printed 
eH rgh, intituled “ Matho.” It is a Latin 
ialogue, between him and his Pupil concerning 
the true system of the Universe, and its close and 
immediate dependence on its Creator ;. in which he 
endeayours to bring down the Newtonian principles 
to the capacity of a boy of 12, You will judge such 
a capacity to be a prodigy. However, he has ex- 
plained in a wonderful familiar manner, and 
at the same time with vast clearness and precision. 
I hope he will: make it more public; it is of great 
use tothe young people of the Universities, most 
of whom, ‘for want of applying to the mixt mathe- 
never get any clear idea of the Newtonian 
system all their life long. In a word, it is a very 
iful thing, and worthy the Author. He tells me 
he has a Second Part of the “ Inquiry,” which con- 
cerns the soul’s immortality; but he does not give 
ime hopes of ‘its speedy publication. 
> * Miss Biizabeth Carter; see p. 94. ‘ 
; ; Tam 


96 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


Lam very glad that the rs on Shakespeare 
please you. Inclosed you will receive a sheet more ; 
for, as this is designed as.a kind of specimen, I 
thought it proper to give a taste of all the several 
kind of Notes... These are disposed in the same 
manner as the other; as notes on particular passages 
in Mr. Pope’s Preface. You eelinae I struck out 
some after reviewed the paper, merely because £ 
would not swell it too much, and take up too much 
of your room. : Aas : 
- lam, dear Sir, your most affectionate and obedi- 
ent humble servant, W. Warburton. - 
~ P. S. Idesire you would alter and transpose the 
notes as you see proper; and be so kind to correct 
all the mistakes and. bad language, which must be 
numerous, they being wrote ina great hurry. ., 

*» Lhave seen Whitefield’s Journal, and read it with 
great curiosity. The poor man is quite mad, I 
could not but take notice of some very ridiculous 
expressions he uses: as that “ the more you do for 
God, the more you may ;” and that “ he never finds 
himself ‘so well as when he is on the full stretch -- 
* * * * * * — that the officers suffer him to put 
in a word for God.” : 


LETTER XVIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Sept. 30, 1738. 
As I desired you would mention my intent of 
giving an edition of Shakespeare's Plays ¢, of which 
I have a vast number of emendations and explana~ 
tions, I thought it would not be improper to take 
notice what there would be in the Editien besides, 


+ The MS. is here torn. 

}~ The Observations on Shakespeare, which occupy 21 folio 
pages, in Mr. Warburton’s hand-writing, are preserved (among 
Dr. Birch’s Letters) in the British Museum, . 

it 


MR. WARBURTON TO! MR. BIRCH. 97 


A shew’ at the same time how the correction 


of the Author«was conducted. I have drawn 
iste ‘that ae on this sheet ; which 
‘the trouble of reforming, correcting, 
sif it!be too long, as you will see oc- 
be greatly obliged to you. You see 
, not as in my name, but in yours. 
you do me the favour to let me hear next 
from you, “I beg you would let me know what cha- 
racter Mr. Fourmont’s “ Reflexions Critiques sur 
ie Biejreides anciens Peuples” has, that:was pub- 
pe eo two or three years ago, in two vo- 
ul i 
- Tam, dear Sir, your very affectionate friend and 
sheen servant, ; ~W. Wanrsurron. 
{ny {Le ¢ 


ae per LETTER XIX, 


eylat om : 
; al To the Rev. Mr. Bircu, |. 


Tig hent 
vil f | Feb. 19; 1738-9. 
ad the favour of your last very kind Letter, 
i winehiptms tel me) the ‘most agreeable piece of 
pies ha heard this long time; and that is, that 
men * have the sense to be desirous of 
as fe boagre y of your friends in your loss. / I 
ae that any part of the affair rested 
bert r. Gy I have wrote to him, and men- 
tioned Theles Papers as a piece of news I had 
heard of, and that Mr. Birch was likely to be em- 
ployed in the publication, and what a pleasure it 
cc be to me if it was so. 
betes almost ashamed to enter upon what I am 
gto say. You know I lent you some shat- 
pers of ‘Duke Wharton. They were given 
)I was last in town, by a relation of mine, 
Mr. Twele ‘of Newarke, an Attorney, who was then 
in) Sita me, He had them from some Attor- 


ean 
* The Society for the + ih ane of Learning. . 
-YoL. ia ney, 


BAYERISCHE 
STAATS- 


BiBLOTHER 
MUENGHEN 


98 ILLUSTRATIONS: OF LITERATURE. 


ney, I know not whom. However, this Attorney 
now pretends he only lent them to him, and says, the 
Trustees of Lord Wharton’s effects are to review all 
his papers, and that he shall want these. My Bro- 
ther Twells says, he gave them to him. However, 
he thought them such trifling things, that he had a 
mind to. oblige him with them again, and so spoke 
to me about them. » 1 told him, I had given them 
away, andto whom. Heasked me if the gentleman 
would let me have them again. I told him I be- 
lieved yes; and, as he comes to town this spring, I 
would write to you aboutit. Now, if you have them, 
I should be obliged to you to let them have their 
trumpery again, if it be much pressed and-desired ; 
that is, so much as you care to part with: but, if 
there be any thing amongst them you have a mind to 
keep, the remainder, 1 suppose, would satisfy them ; 
for, I dare say, these Attorneys remember no more 
than that there was in gross some Letters of Burnet’s, 
some of Mrs. Wharton’s, some Poems*; and, it is 
likely, above all, the Depositions about the young 
Duke's marriage. I was never more vexed at a trifle 
inmy life. But this it is to have to do with Attor- 
neys. It puts meso much out of humour, that I 
can say no more at present but that I am, dear Sir, 

Your most affectionate and most faithful servant, 

» OW. Wansurton. 


LETTER XxX. 


For the Rey. Mr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, March 9,.1738-9. 
__ The inclosed scrap is for your private perusal. I 
imagined it might be useful to you to know how you 
stand with Mr. Gyles, who I think is an honest, 


* Itis a little remarkable, that these Letters and Poemsshould, 
after an interval of nearly eighty years, have come into my hands, 
through avery different channel. See the Memoirs of William 

‘Hutchinson, esq. F.S. A. in the First Volume of this Work. 
' 4 i man. 


Manoa? 


: MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 99 


man. And to bring two honest men together in the 
igen, may not only be of use to both of them 


i atisactions, but will certainly be of great 


benefit to e world. 
T dear Sir, with the most perfect esteem, 
ue urvery affectionate friend, &c. W. WarBurRTON. 


Bee Tr ER XXI 


nam 
‘To the Rev. Mr. Brrcu. 
rh pees _ Cambridge, April 6, 1739. 
The favour of your obliging Letter of March 31, 
was sent me from the country to this place, whither 
ie hard necessity of consulting books only to be 
met with here has brought me. I wrote to you 
amidst the strange mixture of entertainment and 
study, between the College Halls and. Libraries. 
But my nights are so long, and my mornings sq 
short, | at I'am like to return as wise as I came; 
pnts in a very few days. 
-Tamobliged to you as to what you say of the 
ike of Wharton's papers, if they be called for. 
However, in such case, I would have you take what 
i like —l am glad to seesofinea collection as Thur- 
loe’s Papers are put into your hands. I mentioned 


ip ere in the Coffee-house here, as very curi- 
8. Davy of 
spoke 


Davy of Sidney *, and Salter-}-,and some others, 
of them as not so; but the wisest reason I 
could get for their opinion was, that Lord Somers 
did not publish them himself, who was the Collector. 
{ ire not these good reasons? 
pS Dr. Middleton gives his humble service to you. 
___ Teould wish my Four Letters in Defence of Mr. 
! wete published together in a pamphlet. I 
aney they would make a sixpenny one. I would 
only tefotm and correct them, but leave them in the 
present form of distinct Letters. Who has the pro; 
* No Graduate of that name occurs. 
+ Of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IIT, p. 225. 
entade ys _ He ; perty 


100 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


perty of them? If Robinson*, I would be obliged 
to you if you acquainted him with my desire; and, 
if ever he expects any thing more from me, he must 
comply with it. You may see by the Third Letter 
that I intended to have given an explanation of the 
Reasoning of the Four Epistles ; but, on examining 
them, I found all intelligible enough, except the First 
and Introduction to the Second; and this explained, 
it was a key to the rest; and, as you know my mind 
fully in this matter, if you would beso good as to 
give a short preface, or advertisement, before them, 
it, would be their best recommendation to the world. 
_I very much desire it may be done; and if it is to 
be done by Robinson, I beg you would give him to. 
understand that [ do so. 

Thope the Weaver will unravel all the perplexed 
nonsense of Chubb, who has fairly reasoned himself 
out of Christianity. ‘The Poems of Miss Carter are 
excellent. But there is another reason that makes. . 
me impatient to see this collection which I am en- 
quiring after, and that is page 126 of the 2d volume. 

Beso good to tell Mr. Gyles, when you see him, 
that I would not have Herwart, nor an imperfect 
edition of Spanheim’s Julian. ; 

Peck’s Advertisement has been an unexhaustible 
fund of mirth in this place; and I do not doubt but 
our good friend Mr, Wray} had his share of it.. He 
seems to have had a design of confirming what I said 
of the Poem of Liberty, that it was his own, where 
he says; that “ he will give the reasons that induced 
iim to pitch upon Milton for the author ;” which 
implies that, it being his own property, he had a 
right to give it to whom he pleased; and he pitched 
upon Milton as the man most in his favour whilst he- 
was writing blank verse. But his joining Herod. 
the Great to it, which is undoubtedly his own, as- 

- * Jaeob Robinson, Bookseller, in Fleet-street, publisher of the 
«Works of the Learned,” in which the Four Letters first appeared. 
He was uncle to the late George Robinson, of Paternoster-row. 

+ Daniel Wray, esq. of whom see ample memoirs in vol. I. 

certains 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. “101 


certains the property; a poem, as well as a man, 
being tobe known’ by his company.’ On which I 
will venture to pronounce condemnation in due form 
of Law—that it shall return from whence it came. 
From adunghill, he says, he received it; and to a 
dunghill it shall go, let him print upon as stiff’ pa- 
per as he pleases. In this case I am as clear ‘and 
positive as the famous Etymologist, who said, * he 
not only knew from whence words came, but whi- 
ther they were going.” | 
fam, dearSir, yours most affectionately, 
} ’ W. Warsurton. 


» LETTER: XXII. 
To the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 
Dear Sir, April 23, 1739. 

Tam much indebted to you for the favour of 
ae of the 14th instant. 1 had some account of 
maine’s preaching his Sermon; but its publication 
was news to me; as perhaps it will to you, to know 
that I yerily believe a Letter (for which I refer you 
to Mr. Gyles, to whom I have sent a copy by this 
post) wrote to me last October from Epsom, and 
signed W, Romaine *, was written by this honest 
man. If it proves so, I shall print the Letter as a 
Supplement to the Sermon, and that shall be all the 
notice I shall take of it. “ In order to know whether 
itbe his Letter, the other side is a Letter to him, 
whieh I desire you would tell Mr. Gyles I would 
have so contrived that we may have proof that he 
received it. If he owns the writing the Letter, it 
may be printed from the copy (a very literal one, 
even to mistakes and abbreviations) I have sent Mr. 
Gyles; and in such case I will send him the origi- 
nal, to be seen by any one who has the curiosity. I 
beg of your friendship to assist Mr. Gyles, and put 
m in a way to have the Letter acknowledged 
or proved. If it be denied, I shall forthwith send 


* See the note in p. 103. 
uP 


102 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


up the original, to be shewn to somebody who knows 
his hand; for I dare say you will judge, by the style 
and the arguments, it was wrote by the Author 
of the Sermon. 

I am much obliged to you for the business of the 
Four Letters. I have by this post sent Mr. Robin- 
son the corrections. I shall depend on your friend- 
ship in directing the publication, and would have 
my name still concealed. I wrote to Mr. Robinson, 
to act by your directions. 

As my esteem for you is well known at Cam- 
bridge, I have-had two messages from old Mr. Ba- 
ker, of St. John’s, to let me know he had a Life, or 
some Papers relating to a Life, of the famous Peter 
Baro, of Cambridge, which, if they would be ac- 
ceptable to you, he would send me. I am ashamed 

_to tell you the times of these two messages. ‘The 
first was this time twelvemonth (which I shamefully 
forgot to tell you of), the other was the time I was 
at Cambridge. If-you have any use or inclination 
for them, I will send to Mr. Baker, and get them. 

I am glad to hear what you tell me of Thurloe’s 
Papers. I imagined no less; but 1 then shewed 
those gentlemen * the folly of the imagination from 
their own reasons they used of their belief. 

I am, dear Sir, your most affectionate, and most 
faithful friend and servant, W. Warpurron. 

If this Letter proves to be this Romaine’s, I think 
it will admit no doubt it was wrote with the diabo- 
lical design to entrap me; and, if so, I dare say 
Webster had a handinit. I wish you could find _ 
whether there be any thing in my suspicions, One 
thing I must tell you, that, in my answer to the 
Letter, I told Romaine, “ that it was a necessary part 
of my scheme to prove that the antient Fathers and 
Patriarchs had a knowledge of a future state, and of 
redemption by the Messiah.” I mention this, be- 
cause, J am told, in the Sermon it is said “ that I have 


* See before, p, 99. 
greatly 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 103 


greatly sinned against the Seventh Article of Reli- 
gion.” If it should happen that Romaine is in 
town, and owns his writing to me; I would, if there 
be time, have the Letter thrown irito “ Thé Histo- 
rieal Works of the Learned” for~ this April, with 
the N.B.at the end*, and what title you think pro: 
per, which I shall be much obliged to you for. 


LETTER XXIII. 
To ae Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


_ Dear Sir, April 23, 1739. 

I received a Letter from Mr. Robinson the post 
after that of yours, which tells he would make a 
shilling pamphlet of the Letters, which will make 
it needfal to lengthen it out with a Preface. You 
know I took the liberty of asking such a thing of 
you. I know your multiplicity of business. If, 
upon that account, or any other, such a thing be 
ingoereHeeat, be free; and use me as a friend; and 
I will assure you I should take even a refusal as an 
instance of friendship, because I know you would 
hesitate to refuse a man you was only upon terms of 
ceremony with. If you do not. do it, Mr. Robin- 
son must. Lest you could not do it, I mentioned 
it to him, that Mr. Pope must be treated with much 
distinction, without any hint or hesitation of dislike 
of him: and I will tell you why I did it. He ima- 
gines himself not well used by Mr. Pope, on someac- 
count or other that happened about a pirated edition 
of Mr. Pope's things, in which he served Mr. Pope.— 
I hope you received one from me by the last post, and 
that we shall ferret out the Epsom Letter-writer. 


Mr: Romaine’ Letter, with the Answer to. it, accompanied 
by Mr: Warburton’s N. B. appeared in the “ Works of the 
Learned” for August 1739 ; and may be seen in the “ Literary 
Anecdotes,” vol. V. pp. 554—558. : 

t 


104 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


It is the sport, to see the Ingeneer 
_ .. Hoist with his own petar— 
says Shakespeare. If it was he, never was there a 
more execrable scoundrel. Do you think I can out~ 
‘live such a dead-doing fellow who calls down the 
secular arm upon me? If I do, it will be, in mere 
spight, to rub another volume of the Divine Lega- 
tion in the noses of Bigots and Zealots. 
Iam, dear Sir, your affectionate and faithful hum- 
ble servant, W. -Warsurton, 


LETTER XXIV, 
To the Rev. Mr. Bircu, 


Dear Sir, June 7, 1739. 

' Lhave your kind Letter of the 12th to acknow- 
ledge. ‘I have wrote to Cambridge for Baro’s pa- 
pers, which I suppose I shall have by the first con- 
venience of carriage ; and then they shall be con- 
veyed to you. 
. I thank you for the intelligence you give me of 
Romaine ;‘ but he has most amazingly betrayed the 
Scoundrel.in his remarks on my publication of his 
Letter.» The owning himself a Rogue so plainly as 
to confess he was not in earnest in the Letter he 
wrote, is such a hardened ‘confession of villain 
as one seldom meets with out of Newgate. But his 
complaining of my want of decency in publishing 
his Letter without his leave is incom rable. We 
may expect to hear the same complaint in a little 
time from our Incendiaries, when their Letters are 
Re without their leave. And I do him an 

onour in the comparison; for they are honester’ 
men than this Church Incendiary. hey generously 
declare their enmity, are true to their companions, 
and commonly better than their word. . But’ this 
fellow wears the mask of friendship, betrays his 
Brethren, and is kindling a faggot for you, while he: 
pretends to offer incense. 

If you could get his Letter, and the N, B. and his 


re p! y 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 105 


asit - inserted in the Gentleman's Magazine, 
ould be much obliged to you. [See p. 109.] + 
Coventry’s Third Dialogue I have seen. * It 
prightly, polite thing. But, I don't know how 
hat eternal imitation of Shaftesbury’ 's manner 
ession (which, though strong and forcible, is 
d affected) disgusts one. 1 did not think 
that the best part of « The Life of Homer.” As for 
ote aarp isa man of extreme good 
One thing I wonder at is, his following ‘the 
on notion, that the early Egyptians refined in 
logy about physical entities. — This is = 
a Greek invention, afterwards adopted by the E 
tians under the Greek Monarchs, and by later ‘ 
tonic Greeks fetched from thence as the true staple 
ware of “You know I have touched upon 
‘this, in my | book ; but could proye it to demonstra- 
: _ Vossi ossins’and Burnet seein to have misled him: 
the first; though very learned, had not much acu- 
men; and Burnet; though infinitely i ingenious, had 
t litt ent. A far greater man than these 
@ same opinion ; nathely, Cudworth ; 
d his darling notion of the Pagans 
only one God under various symbols ; ; 
ed himself in it.. It is an error of great 
~ Much depends on it. ‘So I don’t 
I may have an opportunity of settling the 
ny next Volume ; though { am not certaiui 
t I shall have room. 
vexed at Robinson. Mr. Pope sent me 
send him the sheets as they came from the 
correct, because of my absence. But he 
jiword;, Robinson never sent them. This 
os; for I have wrote to Robinson about it. 
hat you say of Peck puts me in mind of a good 
, Jerry Ward*, of Trinity, said on one 
“his Proposal, which was this : 


here is no Terry Ward in the List of Graduates. It was 
y a College Nickname. —Probably Edward-James Ward, or 

|, both of Trinity. 
C, xvi, 


106 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


C. xvi. An Attempt of something towards an 
Epitaph for him [Milton }. 

I was reading the Proposals in public company ; 
and, when J came to this article, we were doubtful 
what he could mean: at length, Jerry Ward ex- 
plained it, and said, he meant a grave-stone. 

What you say of “ Strafford’s Letters” is extremely 
curious, and I have great reason to think it true. I 
am glad to hear Thurloe’s Papers are so valuable ; 
and so much worth your time to digest. I find the 
world in great expectation of them. 

Jam, my dear friend, yours most affectionately, 

-W. Warpurton. 


LETTER XXV. 


To the Rev. Mr, Birca. 


Dear Sir, July 12, 1739. 

I have inclosed Mr. Baker's paper about Baro. 
Mr. Tunstall *, who sent it me, writes thus: ** I have 
sent you the inclosed from Mr. Baker, He has 
transcribed these, and many more, into his books; 
which other particulars if Mr. Birch shall desire, 
no one is more communicative than Mr. Baker. I 
read to him the paragraph of your letter, and he 
shewed an extreme readiness to oblige your friend, 
and sent me the inclosed the next morning; whicl: 
I reserved to Mr. R’s coming. . He did not say any 
thing against’ a public acknowledgement, so this is 
left to Mr, Birch’s diseretion.” So far Mr. Tunstall, 
‘The good old gentleman has indeed been very 
obliging to me on all occasions. He is said to have 
vast materials in the Historical way, especially Me- 
moirs of Cambridge Learned. If you think it worth 
our while, as he is so very communicative, you 
fee now an opportunity of beginning a correspond- 
ence with him: I dare say it will be well received. 


* Of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes, vol. Il, p. nt 
1e 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. *107 


The people of St. John’s almost adore the man; 
for, as there is much in him to esteem, much to 
pity, and nothing (but his virtue and leaming) to 
envy; he has all the justice at present done him that 
sae ay of merit have till they are dead. 

You will find, in Bayle’s Article of Tavernier, 


Hyde quoted as accusing him of a plagiary, for 


stealing from a Latin book of Travels, printed in 
Germany ten years before, of P. Gabriel de Chinon. 
But, had Hyde had any sense, as he had not, be 
might easily have seen, from Tavernier himself, 
that the accusation was unjust, This P, Gabriel de 
Chinon was Tayernier’s particular friend, with whom 


he left his nephew at Touris, to learn the Turkish 


and Persian languages. (See the first Volume of bis 
Travels, la Haye, 1718, p. 526.) This Gabriel (in 
another place I think he tells us) gave him Memoirs 
‘of Persia, which I suppose afterwards, and before 
Tayernier’s publication, he himself. published in 
Latin. This is the whole of the mystery, and 
Tavernier is fairly acquitted. If you have read 
Herbert's account of the last days of Charles’ the 


First's Life, you must remember he tells a story of 


a diamond seal with the arms of England cut in it. 
This King Charles ordered to be given to the 
Prince. I suppose you don’t know what became of 
this seal; but would be surprized to find it after- 
wards in the Court of Persia. Yet there Tavernier 
certainly carried it, and offered it to sale, as I cer- 


~ taink y collect from these words, p. 541 of the said 1st 


Volume, “ Me souvenant de ce qui étoit arrivé au 
Chevalier de Reville.” He tells us, he told the Prime 
linister what was engraved on the diamond was 
the arms of a Prince of Europe; but, says he, I 
would not be more particular, remembering the case 
eville. Reville’s case was this: he came to seek 
‘employment under the Sophy, who asked him 
where he had served?” He said, “In England, under 
Charles the First; and that he was a sour in the 

uards.” 


108 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Guards.” “Why did you leave his service?” “He was 
murdered by cruel Rebels.” And how had you the 
‘impudence,” says the Sophy, “to survive him?” And 
so disgraced him.—Now ‘Tavernier was afraid, if he 
had said the Arms of England had been upon the 
Seal, this would-have occasioned: the enquiry into 
the old story.. You will ask‘how Tavernier got this 
Seal? I suppose the Prince, in his necessity, sold 
it to Tavermer, who was at Paris when the English 
Court was there. What made me recollect Her- 
bert’s account, on reading this, was the singularity 
of an imprese cut on a diamond, which Tavernier 
represents as a most pec uct Anh SR Charles 
ithe First, you know, was a great Virtuoso, and de- 
lighted particularly in Sculpture and Painting. 

I don't) know what to make of Robinson’s delay 
in prifting the Letters. Pray see that he does not 
impose on you and me about Mr. Pope’s inclination 
to put my name to it; ‘for, unless he desires it, I 
won't have my name there. 

I have inclased an additional note for my article 
of Shakespeare; and am, dear Sir, 

Yours most entirely, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER. XXVI. 
To the Rev. Mr. Brrcu. » 


Dear Sir,) © Sept. 10, 1739. 

I have the favour of yours of the 4th instant, and 
am extremely. obliged ‘to you for the inclosed “ Mis- 
cellany.”s..Jf, you was not'so good as to send me 
these things (which it is fit I should see) I question 
whether those ‘whose business ae would be careful 
enough to do it. As I sent you the last papers on 
Shakespeare too late, I beg you would send them 
back to me the first opportunity ; for as what I have 
given you for the Life is only a specimen, these last 
+ of ; would 


Seen endian utenee hl 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH- 109 


uld appear with an ill grace in the Aenendis: If 

‘is article of Shakespeare .be printed, I desire to. 
lage ebetier the Number) i in amie it is _ may, be 
bought alone. HU sc! fatto 
~ Lam much obliged to you for he ‘ofapeation you 
Sig ge Mr. Ropes me word (inter, 
mon), foe he would. get the Letters, translated into 

[ wonder whether they be or not, ..’ Pray” 

take no notice of this... ps6 Ps 
eee letter has not, I see, been put into ‘the 
rad 103]; whieh, on second thoughts, 
rene glad ee therefore desire you would give di- 

ions to them not to pot it in at all. 
fet Robinson means by sending me several co- 
pies ve Romaine’s Letter in his ¢ History,” I; know 
not. I do not want any.’ I desired him indeed to, 
send me ‘two or three copies of my defence ;of.Mr.; 
Pope as as soon as printed, because he was for deferring 
the publication till Michaelmas Term. He said, he 
believed i it would be Mr. Pope’s opinion to doso. I 
bad him follow his opinion whatever it was. 

I hate the knavery of Osborne, to give a false title 
to “ Addison’s Tract.” It is a vile practice among 
Booksellers. Ido not expect much from this tract. 
I have seen the Letter written by Webster. White- 
vont honesty, as you say, is very conspicuous. J telt 

vhat It ink would be the best way of exposing 

e ‘idle Fanatics—the printing passages out of 
ae Fox’s Journal, and Ignatius Loyola, and 
Whitefield’s Journals in parallel columns. Their 
conformity i in folly is amazing. One thing was ex- 
tremely” singular in Loyola : “he became, from the 
modes t fanatic that ever was, the most cold- 
ed knave, by that time his Society was tho- 
“established. The same natural tempera- 

at set his braiis on a heat worked off the 

" ) The case was so uncommon, that hié adver- . 
ee Bhd all his fanaticism pretended. But in 


this they y were certainly mistaken. The surprising 


towiscd 
ot? ia 


110 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


part of all was, that his folly and knavery concurred 
so perfectly to promote his end. I think I have 
gone a good way towards explaining it, in the latter 
end of the First Volume of the Divine Legation. 
If I be not mistaken in Whitefield, he bids fair for 
acting the second part of Loyola, as he has done 
the first. I am, dear Sir, your most affectionate 
liumble servant,» W. Warsurton. 

P.S. I have got all my letters and papers out 
of Sir Thomas Hanmer’s hands. I was dissatis- 
fied with his treatment of me, the particulars of 
which you shall know when I see you; so I wrote 
for my letters and papers, and desired he would not’ 
do me the honour to use any part of the contents of 
any of them in his Edition, if he intended one, 
Because it was a matter ofthe utmost importance‘ 
to me. Iam now, at every leisure hour, transcribing 
all my notes and emendations fair into books, to fit 
them for the press. 


LETTER XXVIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


Dear Sir, Oct. 25,.1739+ . 

I have the favour of yours of the 16th instant, 
and shall be obliged to you for the sheets of the ar- 
ticle Shakespeare. 1 had got that Number in which 
it is, from a Country Bookseller; but was obliged to 
return it back to him, because, when he sent for ano-~ 
ther of that Number to London, to make up his vo- 
lume, he could not get one. ‘The sheets will be useful 
to me, because I have no copy of the papers I sent you. 
What you mention of Kimcehi’s observation of 
the Vauw's being either a copulative or a discretive, 
has been mentioned on occasion of this Vow of Jeph- 
thah’s by many of the Rabbins and Christian Di- 
vines; and that of Exodus, xxi. 15, has been often 
brought to confirm it. But let us see how this 
mends the matter — “ Whatsoever cometh forth of 
the 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 1li 


the doors, &e. shall surely be the Lord’s; or I wilt 
offer it up for a burnt-offering;” i. e, if it was such 
animal as could by the Law be sacrificed. Now this 
was a Devotion; and by the Law it is ordered, that 
whatsoever thing was devoted by Vow of Men 
should not be redeemed, but put to death.  Leviti- 
s, xxvii. 29: | So what now is got by this obser- 
ES ‘Kimchi’s, either in justification of Jeph+ 
thah or the Law? A man could not be offered up 
to God as a burnt-offering—but as a Devotion. 
However, those who have made use of this criticism 
on the Vau are willing to persuade themselves that 
to be the Lord's, in the former part of this Vow, is 
meant the being consecrated to God's service in a 
state of celibacy. But this is a very idle. fancy, 
there being not the least shadow or footstep of any 
such Consecration in the Jewish History. Besides, 
the passion of Jephthah on this occasion shews there 
was something more in this case than a consecration 
to celibacy. But hear Capellus, the most able.and 
judicious Critic in the Hebrew tongue that ever was 
in the world: “ Neque hinc propterea patet locus 
effugio eorum qui, quia nolunt Jephtha filiam fuisse 
mactatam, sed sacram duntaxat Vestalem factam, si 
diis placet, verba disjunctim accipiunt aut vero offe- 
ram. Nam sivgularis illa ratio sacrandi Dei perso- 
nam per yotum perpetue Contiventiz seu Coclibatiis 
ommentum est ab illis temeré’ confictum, cujus 
nullum in tota Scriptura comparet vestigium ; at de 
vovendis per Anathema Deo humanis personis, quas 
sie devotus mori oportuit, plana, aperta, et explica- 


_ tissima Lex est.” 


7 _In a word, to vindicate the fundamental con- 
‘stitutions of the Law, and to judge of the actions 
and characters of its followers, will, I believe, require 
plrelps than observations picked up from the 
bins. I am in hopes I shall shew this in “an 
ni pretation of the command to sacrifice Isaac ; 
nd in a vindication of the Law from enjoining hu- 
man sacrifices.’ As to: Jephthah’s case, am not much 


solicitous 


112 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE: 


solicitous about it: for, if the Law be vindicated; 
what imputation does his action bearagainst Religion? 

» I thank you for acquainting me with “ Bing’s Ex- 
pedition.” I must’ gett. I'am much pleased to hear 
that Voltaire has published old Law's * Life. 1 beg 
of you that, when ‘the Edition in 8vo comes into 
England, you would immediately buy one for me, 
and:let me know, that I may see it as soon as possible.’ 

What you say of the“ History of Charles the XIIth”: 
is perfectly right. I remember, when that. book 
first came out, a gentleman in town wrote me word 
of it, with this character, that it was a Romance, 
or rather half a Romance : all fighting, and no love. 

» Lam glad to hear we shall at last come to some: 
determination about the-figure of the Earth. Mau-- 
pertuis’ book, I admire as extremely well wrote. 

. Was there ever'so abandoned a wretch as’ this: 
Webster? Do not you think I servedshim right? 
The Letter to him. in the General Evening Post of: 
Sept. 22, was wrote by a Fellow of Jesus in Cam- 
bridge, the principal Tutor there +-, and the most 
amiable man alive. The paper I think an extreme 
well-reasoned thing ; the other was wrote by a Lay-> 
man ina passion. | : : 

~ I desire you would oblige me with a speedy answer 
to these two questions. ~Who is generally supposed 
to be the Bishop who gave Webster that intelligence,’ 
that a great part of the Clergy were settled: Infidels? 

Who bas'wrote the best and most exact History of 
the rise, progress, improvement, &c- of:the antient 
Astronomy ? or who has given the best account of 
that matter? because I want much to see some — 


* Dr. John Law, of Lauriston, who will long be remembered 
in France as an able Projector and Financier, died at Venice, in 
March 1729, in his 58th year. See an ample and ‘satisfactory 
account of him in Mr. A; Chalmers’s Edition of the Biographical 
Dictionary, vol. XX. p. 86; collected from Wood's History of the 
Farish of Cramond ; the Private Life of Louis XV. translated by. 
Justamond ; Voltaire’s Siécle de Louis XV; the Historical Dic- 
tionary; and Nichols’s History of Leicestershire, vol. 11]. p. 487. 

+_Who this was, I have not at present ‘discovered. — Could it 
be Dr. Styan Thirlby? = 

good 


MR. WARBURTON TO'MR> SircH = AB 
one, where facts conceriing this subject, ahd’ 
i ‘up and down antiquity, are laid togetliér,’ 
which saves ‘one a great deal of trouble‘and search. 
This is what I want it for. US1T989 0° 
I wonder I hear nothing of Robinson, and that 
he has sent me no copies of Mr, Pope’s Vindication. 
Not long since, Mr. Pope wrote to me, to desire he 
—— have a copy as soon as ever it was printed 
off, because he had spoke to a French gentleman to 
translate it. ~ I have been looking over (inter nos) 
the 4th Epistle of the Essay on Man; for I have a 
great inclination to make an analysis of that, to com-' 
oi a I find this part of my defence of 
r. Pope as difficult, as a confutation of Mr. Crou- 
saz’s nonsense and a detection of the Translator’s 
blunders are easy. I do not know whether I can do’ 
it to my mind, or whether I shall do it at all ; so 
— keep it secret. : 
yy how is my specimen of Shakespeare re+ 
ceived? I fancy that project of the Glossary may 
Pedeg credit to the judgment wherewith the 
ion will be discharged. “It certainly cuts off a’ 
deal of pretence for imaginary corrupt reading, and 
will be a perpetual comment of itself. This is en-' 
tirely new; for Shakespeare is extremely singular, no 
one ever admitting such a latitude in words. side 
Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate humble 
vaheped 46 BO: W. Warsurron. ° 
P.S. Pray thank Mr. Gyles for sending me “ Fi- 
. secreta de’ la Gentilidad.” He is the’ most 
curious dunce I ever saw; and, had | had him when 
I wrote my First Volume, I would have made some: 
with him, where I speak of Allegorizers of” 
bles. _He finds all these reasonings in the antient 
fables: de cinto modos se puede declarar una fabula’ 
conviena a saber, Literal; Alegarico, Anagogico, 
‘ico, y Fisico, o‘Natura” He finds no place, 


see é true interpretation of the fables, the’ 
istorical ; but, what is more extraordinary; makes’ 
VOL. 11. I the 


M4 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the Historical and literal or fabulous all one: “Sen- 
tide Literal, que per otro nombre dizen Historico o 
Parabolico, es lo mismoque suena la letra de la fabula 
© escritura.” tay W.W. 


LETTER XXVIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, Dec. 15,1739. 

_ I have been a great deal negligent in paying my 
acknowledgments for your favour of the 6th past ; 
but it, was because apares you, knowing your nu- 
merous ayocations... Otherwise I am always in the 
mind of writing to you; if it,was only to. force an 
answer ; those I receive from you being the most 
agreeable. Letters I receive, abstracted from a more 
considerable circumstance by far—which is, that I 
consider them the most friendly. { : 
1 hope Mr. Robinson has given you, in my name, 
one of the pamphlets of Crousaz. Amongst several 
other of those little presents, I ordered him to send 
one to. Dr. Mead, as a.man to whom all people that 
pretend to Letters ought to pay their tribute, on ac- 
count of his great eminence in them, and patronage 
of them. hen you happen to see him, I only 
beg you would. make my compliments to him, and 
excuse the freedom I used in sending a pamphlet 
to him. ‘ ge | 

» I repent I did not complete the pamphlet with an 
analysis of the last Epistle. The truth is, I ima- 
gined the publick would be tired both with De Crou- 
saz and me; and perhaps I should be in the right 
to think so still. However, I have, as I told you 
before, thought upon it, and have at length done it. 

_Pray be so good to let me know if you hear any 
more of Mr. Silhouette's intention of translating 
them. ; Perhaps it may be the same man Mr. Pope 
employs. i 
et s 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 115 


bat ed ‘has sent me word, that Webster has 
lished all his papers together, and thinks it pro- 
to do the same by those Newspapers wrote in 
defence of me. I have returned answer, that it was 
a matter of utmost indifference to me; but that, if he 
t it worth his while, I gave my consent; so 
T have left it to him to do what he sees proper. 
To think I will ever enter into a controversy with 
the weakest as well as wickedest of all mankind, is a 
impossible. This I shall do indeed in a short 
to the Second Volume: I shall hang him up 
and his fellows, as they do vermin in a warren, and 
leave them to posterity to stink and blacken in the 
wind. And this I would do was the Pope himself 
their protector. Other business with them in the 
pare ‘argument I shall never have any. 
~ I mentioned the Second Volume. It is now in 
the press. I have received two sheets. ‘Two more 
are coming, and they cry out for more copy. Inter 
nos, 1 only write from hand to mouth, as we say 
here; so that an East wind, a fit of the spleeo, 
want of books, and a thousand other accidents, ‘will 
tly make the press stand still*. This will be 
am inconvenience to Mr. Gyles: but I told him what 
he was to expect; and his hands are so full of t 
works, that I may ‘be well spared among the First- 
rates of the Fleet, and cruize about at my leisure 
in a lee-shore, safe from Webster, and the rest of 
the Guarda de Costas; and, when good weather 
atid fair traffick invite, put in or out of any’little 
reek or harbour—not but that I propose to finish 
lis Volume sooner than you imagine, if it please 
God to grant me health and life. 
© Theartily thank you for your directions about the 
ry of Astronomy, and could have wished you 
had told me which was the most perfect. 
I wish all success to Gronovius’s edition of AEli- 
an’s*“ History of Animals,” a book much wanted, the 


*He well describes the frequent unpleasant situation of a Printer. 
12 editions 


116 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


editions. of that work (the best of AXlian’s) being 
very scurvy ones. How much better would it be 
for the Society to print this*, than the sophistic stuff 
of Maximus Tyrius!.. It is a greater pleasure to me 
to hear of the new edition of Hippocrates. J, A. Van- 
der Linden’s is incorrect and defective: I had occa- 
sion to. look pretty. much into it of late. In shewing 
the high antiquity, of Egyptian learning from the 
joint jtestimony of Sacred and Prophane Writers, 
their art of Medicine is one of the topics I insist on; 
in which, meeting Shuckford in my way, who in his 
“ Connexion” would explain the Egyptian Medicine 
quite away, Lexamine the question to,the bottom, 
confute: his. idle notions step by step, and shew the, 
rise and progress of antient Medicine; a dissertation 
which, I fancy, will not be unacceptable to Dr. Mead. 
1 believe this is now printed off. ete 
Pray is Voitaire banished from. France? and for 
what? For.‘ Philosophic Letters ?” and what are 
these..Philosophic Letters? Different from those. 
about. the English Nation? If so, I have not seen 
them... But it is time to release you. : Ady 
«J am, my dear friend, your most affectionate and 


sincere humble servant, W. Wansurton. 


LETTER XXIX. 
To the Rev. Mr. Brrca. 


, Dear Sir, Newarke, Dec. 30, 1739. 
af you will please to deliver those papers of Duke 
Wharton to Mr. Ch. Sanderson, whose 1, suppose 
they were, and which you told me you had bundled 
up against they were called for, and which I under- 
bo aang given. me, you will very much oblige 
Yours most affectionately, » W. WarBurTon. - 
P.S. The fellow has teazed my Brother Twells. 
for them incessantly. 
* It was printed for that Society, by Mr. er, in 1743. 
See the « Ricsrars Anacdeten vol. II. ones. Pipe V. p. ma. 
LETTER 


4 
+ 


baie 


MRi'WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 117 


ee ett es ries: 


eo tape 


-aafify yas To the Rev. Mr. Biren. : 


_ Dear Sir, —- Newarke, Jan. 16, 1739-40. 
T heartily thank you for the favour of yours of 
the 27th pat — When I send up the “ Commentary 
on the last Epistle of the Essay [on Man]” to Ro- 

binson “T shall order him to shew it to you. 

’ ‘Thave at length got a sight of your Proposals for 
« Thar loe’s Papers.” It will be a noble work, and 
tem ick mlb pe dktreinaly iddebiéd 4 your care 
ant one in selecting and digesting these papers. 
Thdpe e Chancellor*, if he has any regard to Let- 
ters, will shew it, in discharging what fhe pablick 
owes to you ; of whom’ indeed he and all. other 
great Ministers are but Trustees for that purpose. I 
believe the flatteries to Chancellors never rose so 
high as to the three last +; and yet for all that, the 
last, and perhaps the first, Macenas was Parker. In 
a wore Fan extremely pleased with the contents 
of your Proposals; the heads under which you have 
digested matters. You say, the whole digested in 
act order of time. 1 presume you do not mean 
that every paper upon every subject shall be printed 
promiscuously according to date; but rather that the 
whole period included within your materials shalt 
be thrown into Annals, which I think the most 
eae ree of method; and that under each 
et ch subject shall have its distinct place; and 
| the | relating to that subject iven in 
the vi pate of time, that is, abeeding to their 
date. For instance, under the year 1654. 1. All 
that relates to home affairs. 2. Foreign Negocia- 
Sark and all that relate to them. 3. Expeditions 
of the Fleet. 4. Administration of the Provinces 
and Plantations, 5. Letters of Spies, Informers, 
&e.; and so,on,.as the occurrences of the yeaf, or 
__™ Philip Yorke, Lord Hardwicke, afterwards Earl. See p. 118, 
t Parker Earl of Macclesfield, Lord King, and Lord Talbot, 
; your 


118 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


your Collection of Papers will bear.. I am well sen- 
sible this will make the digestion much more operose, 
because some a ge as letters, treat of many differ- 
ent matters, and it will be difficult sometimes to 
know under what class they should be put. But 
this, dear Sir, and the use resulting from this me- 
thod, are the very reasons I would put you upon it; 
because, in my opinion, it will be so much more for 
the reputation of the Editor to digest them into’ 
these kind of Annals. And I would not have those 
friends who have promised you what was fitting, in 
their interest with the Chancellor*, have any pre- 
tence for not serving you with warmth; but, on the 
contrary, have still greater reason than they imagined 
to persuade our Great Men, that their honour is con- 
cerned in rewarding a Man of Letters so useful to 
the Publick. I am sensible I talk without book, 
as having never seen those Collections; but my 
zeal for your interest and reputation would not suf- 
fer me to be silent in a matter where I imagine it 
much concerned. I will not wrong your friend- 
ship so much, to think this needs any apology. Only 
1 eave it may all pass as said inter nos ; and I as- 
sure you, that whatever method you pursue, will be 
Hip satisfactory to me, as I shall certainty conclude 
it the result of your maturest judgment; and what 
is so, I am sure, will be best. 

_ Lam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and 
sincere humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XXXII. 


: To the Rev. Mr. Bincu. 
Dear Sir, Newarke, March 31, 1740. 
I received, with great pleasure, the favour of 
yours of the 15th instant. ‘np 
“Tam much obliged to you for your concern for 
my health. I hope I have conquered my indisposi- 
" * Lord Hardwicke soon after presented Mr. Birch, successively, 


to several preferments ; and was, through life, his steady friend. 
tion 


‘MR. WARBURTON TO MR. ‘BIRCH. 11g 


‘tion by an immeasurable quantity of the bark; and 
that I shall be set quite right by a change of air, 
which I meditate in a London journey soon after 
‘Easter. Iam much indebted to you for your ac- 
counts of ‘new books and projects; and laughed hear- 
tily at that you gave me of the renowned Mr. Peck; 
for, not long before, Mr. Gyles and I speaking of 
the noble collection for a ‘“ Life of Cromwell”. in 
» the Papers of Thurloe, I said, “it would be difficult 
to find a Writer equal to the subject; and that 
therefore, as the Sea Captain lately wanted the De- 
vil to lend us Cromwell to humble Spain, so he 
should see if he could prevail with him to lend him 
‘Milton to write Cromwell's Life.” One would ima- 
ew Peck had heard of our conversation, and had 
len to his old trade of conjuring; for 1 know not 
how else he could get the Life he promises. 

_ I never heard of Dr. Turnbull *, nor his book, be- 
fore your account of it. 

Thave sent up my Commentary on Mr. Pope’s 
Fourth Enistle, which is now in Mr. Robinson’s 
hands, has my orders to shew it to you. 

I was told, for I can see but few Newspapers, that 
ema,” the Encouragement of healing 
given their fund to the new Hospital for Bas- 
reg ‘Tf this be true, and that this branch of Na- 
tural Philosophy is to be encouraged at the expence 
of all the other Arts and Sciences, [ could wish your 
Royal Society would follow their example, and send 
a proper detachment of their Antient Members, to 
stock that noble foundation with able Nurses; the 
want of which in Parishes has, it seems, defeated the 
sufficient provision the Law has made for Found- 
lings, and afforded one of the most plausible argu- 
‘ments for this erection. 

I fancy we shall have something curious in’ Dr. 
Stukeley’s “Stonehenge +.” I believe the drawing 
* Dr. Geo. Turnbull. See “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol, VI, 219. 

+ The Foundling Hospital, then in its infant state. 
‘t See before, p. 57. : 
0 


ago ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


bag 


of every. stone will be very. exact. There has been 
adong enmity between Peck and him — whether it 
was, that these two Antiquaries, as was said of Hop- 
Em and .Sternhold, envied one another's flights. 
owever, I hear they are happily reconciled— 
; doo) ——Paribus quas fulgere cernis in armis 
%») ©» Concordes anime nunc* 
« And. now I am got'upon the subject of Antiquity, 
to shew you we are not quite barbarians in Lincoln-- 
shire; I, must tell you, that:the other'day was dis- 
covered, at Lincoln, 15 feet under ground, a fine 
Roman Hypocaust.,.| « ) au bie 
rill teceived a Letter, not long since, from Mr. Bax- 
ter-}} of Dun’s Castle. I had not heard from him for 
fa: considerable time; which was occasioned by a 
wold: he got by an odd accident about a year ago, 
and which has had such a variety | of terrible conse- 
quences,. that he a ever of recovering his 
wonted health, and is afraid heshall never recover the 
aise/Of some of his limbs. This gives me a very sen- 
sible.concern, both on his own account, and for that of 
Letters, of which he is so great an ornament. _What 
r in eve —— would it have been gain 
to the patlack to save disabled in exchange for Aus 1 
but+— Dis aliter visum. — He tells me, his Trans- 
lation of Matho is finished, and that\he has added 
to: it;-at. my: desire, a physical explication of the 
Planets and Comets, describing the Bitliptical Orbits 
round the Sun: which, I told him, I had never seen 
well explained,» * : fysiveafy 
oI took a thing very kindly'of Mr. James Betten- 
ham. If you are acquainted with him, you may 
Jet him know'as much. He was the Printer of Mr. 
Romaine’s. Sermon; who: (as Mr. (Gyles told me), 
when he came to Mr, Bettenham with his answer 
to 25 come ea of his Letter, to: have it printed, 
Mr. tenham told him, “ it was a knavish busi- 
ness, and he would have nothing to do with it;” or 
something to.that effect. This, as it is the mark of 
* Virgil, En. VI. 826. + Of Mr. Andrew Baxter see p. 74. 
an 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR, BIRCH. 121 


jan honest man, I take so well of him, that I shall 
certainly think myself obliged to serve him on any 
fair occasion when it is in my power. 

I lately received a letter from Dr. Doddridge, of 
Northampton, in which he gave me a long account of 
Count Zinzendorf and his Church near Frankfort, 
He keeps a kind of correspondence with the Count, 
and transcribed one of Zinzendorf’s Letters to him, by 

»which I find him and his Charch to be as great Enthu- 
‘siasts as the Methodists, and of much the same species. 
[have been lately reading the Trials and last Be- 
‘haviour of ‘the Regicides. “They were mostly, you 
‘know, Enthusiasts; but, what surprized me, of the 
‘same kind with the mpl and bottomed all 
fc ag a grand principle, Regeneration; for, when it 
wa jectet sb thane that the Jesuit Traitors had 
the same extacies and overflowings of joy in the 
‘spirit, they replied, ““ Yea, but not ‘on our 
Pp rincip ®: theirs was Enthusiasm, ours the real 
fruits o! Spirit.” I began to collect their flowers, 
‘the very coun! rt of Whitefield’s, and intended 
to have thrown them into a pamphlet in two co- 
Tumns; then drawn some general conclusions : as, 
‘that, the effect being the same, the cause must be so. 
‘The wicked actions of the Regicides will not suffer 
‘us to think their spirit was of God. The moral lives 
of the Methodists will not suffer us to think theirs of 
‘the Devil. “What is left but to conclude both a na- 
ral Enthusiasm? Though the Methodists ought 
not to be persecuted, yet that the Clergy are right in 
‘givi ) ragement to this spirit, appears from 
I effects it produced amongst the Fanatics 
tles the First’s time, who began with the 
méekness and humility with these. A pam- 
something in this way, I thought, would well 
3 the “Mett odists ; yet, when I considered the 
1 some Churechmen have used in writing 
spinstibem, I expected no good from such a kind 
pamphlet, and so laid the thoughts of it aside *. 
* He resumed it, many years after, in his “ Doctrine of — 
ioaidue am, 


122 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and 
humble servant, W. Wanrsurton. 


LETTER XXXII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, July 19, 1740, 

_. lam much obliged to you for the favour of yours. 
I will not tell you. my sentiments of your Friend's 
Book, because he is your friend, And as to his 
mame and quality *, I do not, desire to know it, nor 
would I, He has given us his book, and by that 
alone 1 must measure him, if ever I do take notice 
of him. It was an aggravation to, Job's misfortune, 
that his Adversaries would not write a book., If.1 
-should.esteem it a misfortune to have such, Adversa- 
ries as have hitherto appeared against me, I have at 
least had this pleasure, that they will write—no 
reat pleasure indeed if I were obliged to answer. 
hen a man like Webster shews neither common 
sense nor common honesty, he must expect no no- 
tice to his arguments. But this Writer, for one sin- 
gle instance of honesty, methinks, should not go 
without his reward. It is where he owns Lonly ex- 
tended the disbelief of a Future State to the Philoso- 
phers. However, this Writer's espousing the cause 
of. Heathen Philosophy so warmly, will perhaps 
have this good effect, that the Bigots on the other 
side of, the question (for there are Bigots on. both) 
may be induced to think less favourably of it... For 
my part, nothing can induce me to think. more or 
Jess favourably of things or persons, but the appear- 
ance of Truth; a rule, I hope, I shall never depart 
from, though this Writer has probably taken it for 
granted, it was not at all in my view in writing “The 
Divine Legation.” 1 am ashamed and sorry this 


* By the next Letter it appears that this was John Tillard, 
esq.; of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. II. .p..1545 
vol, V,. p, 572. £ 

subject 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 123 


subject has taken up so much of a Letter, as it is 
the least; ble, I dare say, both to you and myself. 
I am, dear Sir, with the greatest sincerity, 
Your very affectionate humble servant, 
W. Warsurton, 


LETTER XXXIILL 


For the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, jaw +4.1741.] 
Iam extremely obliged to you for your last enter- 
taining Letter, and the more so as you found time to 
remember an old friend in the midst of such constant 
and fatiguing business. 

Itisa poor prevarication in the Author of “ Future 
Rewards and Punishments, &c.” to say he did not 
mean me; p. 164, 5. For who but the Author of 
«The Divine Legation” ever asserted that none of 
the Greek Philosophers (except Socrates) believed 
a future state of rewards and punishments; which 
is the point he is there upon. It will, I believe, 
bets oo a have read his book an odd kind 

apology to say, if this be understood of me, he 
mist have contradicted himself. One of the princi- 
ples of his book seems to be, that the Philosophers 
could not contradict themselves; and this, methinks, 
‘was very well. But now the privilege is extended 
~ to their Defender. 
_ But, as the man is your Friend, and has made 
himself my Enemy, without any manner of provo- 
cation unless it be by my “‘ Dedication to the Free- 
thinkers,” of which number he is certainly a deter- 
‘mined one, I hold it best for the future we preserve 
e silence by consent respecting him. 
~ Dr. Middleton you have in town, I imagine, by 
this time; and his book in every body’s hands*. It 
isa pity it should come out in the shade, and eclipsed, 


* His “ Life of Cicero.” 
as 


124 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


as it were, by the mighty splendour’ of the great 
Eusebius, which I find has got the start of him. Is 
this second dose more:palatable than the first * ? or 
is itas rough in'taste, and potent in operation, as the 
other? . It is well’ his adversary is a Physician + as 
well as a Philosopher, and so in both capacities 
must be accustomed to prefer the uéi/e to the dulce. 
Lhave just now read over Mr. Ward’s “ Lives of 
the Professors of Gresham College,” and it is indeed 
what you say of it—but you had quite forestalled 

him in all his best articles f. AK sen ajnm de 

snc Haus Bp pey weiner Setar tenet 

To the Rev. Mr. Breet. 


)oDear’Str, | 0 Newarke, Aug. 12,1741. 
“> Iwill mot stand enquiring whether I am writing 
toa debtor or a creditor, as Iam confident'I am 
writing: to a friend. However this: account may 
stand between us, I am: sure'I owe you this, ‘and 
more, ‘for: the civilities I received from’ you ‘when 
last in town. pyolsife %5 
Tsu the good Bishop of Derry § is, by this, 
returned to Ireland. Pray, when you write to him, 
make my: best compliments to him: 
'Tbelieve I forgot to tell you, when in town,’ that 
Dr. Zachary Grey is about giving a new ‘edition of 
Hudibras. | He spoke to’Mr. Tunstall, to desire him 
tovget what Ivhad ‘on that author for him};»and, 
purely to oblige the latter, f/had transcribed the mar- 
inintias «i rslniniw Fo! Yorostidyt 
* Dr. John’Chapman, who in 1738. had -published: the. first 
volume of “ Eusebius,” a defence of Christian Piety against the 
objections of Thomas Morgan's “ Moral Philosopher,”. brought 
out the second volume in January 1740-1, a few weeks only 
before the appearance of Dry Middleton's “ Life of Cicero.” 
_b Dr. Thomas Morgan; see before, p. 70. 
+ The inclosure of this Letter is torn off. 
§ Dr. Thomas Rundle, 5 
gins 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 125 


gins of my book for him, excepting what relates 
to the History of those times, which Grey, I sup: 


se Aon emg ly. versed in... You know the man 
ut I could not lay a friend. 
Tam ring to give'a new edition of my “Vin- 
dication of Mr. Pope,” corrected and enlarged.) You 
know how hastily and carelessly it was written; and 
I find by experience the truth of that medical 


wee. 


ism —that an error/in the first concoction cats 


—_ be: ghly amended. 

- Thad forgot to desire your acceptance, of one of 

een 1 my ‘ Alliance.” I beg you 
vill. desire’ Mr. Gyles to give you one in my name, 
You will: see conse tlespage I have madea fair 

challenge. But what would you think ofa French- 


Man sanguine enough. to endeayour to reconcile 
those principles with the principles of the Gallican 

nurch ? Yet this Mr, Silhouette had endeavoured 
todo, by bringing a great number of quotations from 
Da Marea and Bossuet, their two best Writers on 


My best respects to good Dr. Pellet *. 
1 am, dear Sir, your most affectionate, humble 
servant, W. Warsurrton. 
LETTER XXXV. 
LG haa For the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


Weer. Gov. te. 
_ Dear Sir, . Newarke, Oct. 14, 1741. 
_Thave your favour of the 18th of August to ac- 
cnowledge. I know your constant avocations, and 
oul not interrupt you with impertinent Letters. 
Fam much that you have the care of Lord 
y's book... I believe it will be in all respects a 
oble one, and worthy of the noble Author, whose 
politeness, humanity, and good sense, I have enter- 


* Thomas Pellet, M. D. President of the College of Physicians. 
tained 
say 


126 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


tained a very high idea of, from the honour I had of 
his conversation at Mr. Pope’s. I beg, when you 
see him, you would present my most humble services 
to him *. 

Dr. Middleton has sent me his new edition of 
his “ Letter from Rome,” in the Postscript of which I 
am obliged to him. As for the question between us, 
I am only the more confirmed in. my own opinion; 
though I do not know that I shall answer his Post- 
script, unless I find the publick thinks there is more 
in it than I do; for I would willingly sacrifice 
something to Friendship. However, whether I do 
or not answer the Postscript, we shall give the publick 
an example in this dispute, that Friends may: differ 
in opinion without any abatement in their mutual 
esteem, or any interruption in the commerce of 
Friendship. leylodiny-odesd! 

You know I had accused Abbé Pluche of plagia- 
rism. A Letter on that subject was sent me from 
him toa friend in London by an unknown hand. 
It will assist in the further unmasking of him; 
which I shall certainly do, for he is, as one of his 
countrymen once said to me, un frank Cagot. | 

- Mr. Wray-+ has been in this country, and is re- 
turned to Cambridge. I told him I should write to 
you, and he desired his compliments. : 

I see by the Newspapers Julius Batet has wrote 
something against me ; but I forswear reading any 
thing of his}. I am, dear Sir, your very affec- 
tionate humble servant, . WARBURTON. 


- * The work on which Mr. Birch was then engaged was, “ State 
Letters of Roger Boyle, first Earl of Orrery,” published in 1742. 
—Mr. Warburton, when he wrote this Letter, seems to have sup- 
posed that they were those of the Lord Orrery with whom Pope 
was acquainted ; a strange misapprehension in sucha man, © > 

+ Daniel Wray, esq. See before, p. 100. —. i 

$ Of whom see the ‘‘ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. III. p. 53, 

§ Whom, however, he condescended to notice in the Preface 
to the Second Volume of the Divine Legation. 


LETTER 


MR, WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 127 


~~ Sk OPETTER XXXVI. 
wat yeaah eit 
To the Rey. Mr. Brrcn. ; 
tak Demiae “tt = ‘ 2 
.. DearS,» Newarke, Aug. 18, 1742: 
. [received the favour of your very agreeable Letter 
of the 10th. You are very excusable in your silence, 
for such an pepemreepceilesics as mine has no pre- 
tence to be supported but in full leisure from busi- 
ness. Yoware always engaged in some useful work, 
for which the owner is much indebted to you, 
~ Lam particularly pleased that you are preparin 
Parr varie of Cudworth, I wish the peejees 
may be as beneficial to the bookseller, as it will 
be to the publick. The, fate of the volume was 
ugh, you know, at first, and more so in 
the progress: about »)g0 years ago it might have 
been bought for a crown. Besides the clamour 
Lo oe ae of learning was not’ in’ vogue 
ook was first published. But the prin- 
cipal reason of its after-neglect was, the volumi- 
nous way of treating every head of his subject, and 
the unpleasing, unpolished, unspirited style 
of his English. ‘The book is in English words, it 
is true; but it is as impossible a mere English reader 
| should understand him, as if he had wrote in Latin. 
This defect a Foreigner could not see, and so conse- 
quently not be offended with; on which account it 
was highly admired by Le Clerc, when he first got 
acquainted with it. All his Translations from the 
Greek Writers. are wonderfully exact, and a vast 
j ,and penetration in general in explaining 
sen is plastic Life of Nature is fairly and 
imalysed by Bayle in his dispute on that 
t with Le Clere, over whom his superiority 
in er: is clear and indisputable. I examined 
this ovérsy critically, aad extracted the whole 
force of Bayle’s argumentation against the plastic 
; Life 


pA, 
a. 


is} 


128° ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE." 


Life of Nature, and have sent you a transcript of it *, 
not knowing but it might be of service to you. The 
transcriber does not understand French; so there 
may be some little mistakes ; but I have not time to 
look it over. — You know the clamour against him 
was for bringing out all the strength of Atheism, 
He seems to have been sensible that he was in dan- 
ger of it, by this circumstance in his last chapter, 
where he heaps up all kinds of metaphysical argu- 
ments, good and bad, for the being of a God; which,’ 
though it has increased the bulk, has certainly: 
weakened the strength of this famous chapter.’ 
But he seems to have had a mind it should bear 
some proportion in bulk to the rest of the book, for 
the reasons aforesaid. : 
The Bishop of Salisbury- told me, * that his son 
(I think he said) offered to give the publick, either a 
second volume, or the remainder of this Work, in 
case they would give him a Prebend of Westminster.” 
As I understood, this offer was made to the governing’ 
Churchmen, but was rejected; and the son destroyed’ 
or kept the MS. I told the Bishop, “ it was a pity but 
he had -been complied with.” He said, “ his character 
was bad.” I replied, “ that I thought this the only 
excusable cause of conferring preferment unwor- 
thily.” But I tell my story very imperfectly. : You, 
perhaps, may know more of it. However, if this’ 
was true, as I doubt it not, considering my Author, 
it should not be forgotten on many accounts.’ Bayle’ 
would have made a good article of such a cireum-’ 
stance; and so can you, if you will. : 
His “ Treatise concerning eternal and immutable 
Morality” is one of those works, where a system is 
pushed to an extravagance, which I took notice of 
in the first Book of the “ Divine Legation,” where’ 
I speak of the true foundation of Morality; ‘and’ 


* Copied from Bayle’s “ Ouvres divers,” tom. IV. p. 183; 
and tom. IIl. p. 883, 886—887, 891—892. 

+ Dr. Thomas Sherlock, afterwards Bp. of London. hi P 
this 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIROH, 129 


this Author I had principally in my mind, where I 
speak of those who place it in “ the eternal relations” 
exclusively, though out of regard to him I would, 
not mention his name, nor mark him out, as I did 
the other two, Shaftesbury and Mandevile, for the 


- “moral sense,” and “ will,” exclusively. For the rest, 


bas 


this Treatise has all the marks and moles of the Au- 
thor, and is full of all the profound learning of the 
“ Intellectual System.” 

His “ Discourse on the Sacrament” is certainly a 
master-piece in its kind. He has undoubtedly given 
the true nature and idea of it, and supported it with 
all his learning. 

“I shall be in London next week, only for a day or 
two; and hope I may have the fortune to see you, 
being, with all truth, dear Sir, your most affectionate 
and faithful humble servant, “ W. Waxsurton. 


"LETTER XXXVIL 


To the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


Date Sis,. : Newarke, Jan. 18, 1742-3. 
-Lam extremely obliged to you for the fine Edition 
of Cudworth : it is infinitely more useful than the 
first. I am sure you have your hands full yet with 
the « Characters” of Mr. Knapton’s Heads* ; which 
deprives me of the pleasure of hearing of you, and 
consequently of any literary news. 
_ Mr. Tunstall is rather exasperated than dismayed 
with the stroke he has received from Dr. Pe 
m.;. therefore expect a bloody fight. I live in 
La now the redoubtable Dr. Morgan + is dead ; 
Pog 8 my amusement, from time to time go ia 
preparing Shakespeare for the press. I am in hopes 
tettin little hina) Sir Thomas Hanmer’s plates 


He 's “ Heads of Illustrious Persons.” 
~ eet 70, 
; K 


VOL. I. will 


130 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


will! be’of go little’ use to any other purpose—that I 
may get them for my Edition, as Mr. Pope did those 
of Ogilby’s Homer for his. © mE WY 

I bear the University intend to open a subserip- 
tion*; but sure they will not do that which has been 
‘adjudged below my character to do. 

~ My best respects to Mr. Knapton; and tell him, 
I pardon him for his silence on the same account I 
pardon you. Adieu, dear Sir, and believe me, 

* Your very affectionate humble ‘servant, ~ 

'W. Warsurron, 


LETTER XXXVIII. 


To the Rev: Mr. Bircn. 


Dear Sir, Newarke, March 26, 1743. 
‘1 take the liberty to inclose a letter to Mr. Wray, 
which I beg you will give him if in town. If not, 
I desire you to open it, and to do me the favour 
therein requested, of buying a few books at Os- 
borne’s sale. — i 
I am, with great truth, dear Sir, your most affec- 
tionate humble servant, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XXXIX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Bracu, at his house, in 
| Norfolk-street-+, the Strand. 


,., Dear Sir, ‘Bédford-row, Oct. ....1749. 
_ I thank you for the favour of your fine Discourse, 
which, on coming to town, I found here left for me. 
- I shall be glad to wait on you here, whenever your 
leisure will permit you, to deliver Mrs. Cockburn’s 
* For Sir Thomas Hanmer’s Shakespeare. Fi ; 
+ Seein vol. 1. p.75,a Poem-by Mr. Wray, on Mr. Birch’s re- 

moval to that house. 

¢ “ASermon on the Proof of the Wisdom and Goodness of God, 
from the Frame and Constitution of Man, preached before the 
College of Physicians, in consequence of Lady Sadlier’s Will, 1749.” 
" “papers 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. BIRCH. 131. 


papers into your hands. “Her memory, as well as 
er family, will be greatly indebted to you, for this 
nerous and charitable purpose you have so much 
r their interest. I esteem it an obligation like- 

wise on, Sir, your very faithful humble servant, 

sisrers.g} 25y : ~ W. Warsurton. 


; 
cn % 


giao io Hb BE TER: XL: 
sidod ' To the Rev. Mr. Biren. 


. Dear Str, © Bedford-row, Feb. 13, 1749-50. 
- Not having yet had the pleasure of seeing you, 
and being.on ‘he int of returning into the coun- 
try, I take the liberty of troubling’ you with the 
inclosed, It is what Mr. Allen intends for his sub- 
scription to Mrs. Cockburn’s Book, for the benefit 
of her daughter. He would have but one copy of 
the Large Paper. 

I am, Sir, your faithful and obedient humble 

nt, W. Warsvurton. 

Sris To tines ; 
ee “ely Shur 


eo ssLETTER XLI. 


pi "To the Rev. Mr. Binc. 
Orin). gt Ses.) : 

Dear Six, Bedford-row, April 22, 1751. 
- Mr. n just gave mea sight of Mrs. Cock- 
burn’s Works. In the Second Volume, at p. 339, 


1.7, there is a particularity that you may imagine I 


'  should:be well pleased to have omitted. If this leaf 


could be canceled, and re-printed without it, which 
in. Gter fora newspaper, it would give me much plea- 
though 


Jam: sorry’ toigive you the trouble; 


W. Warsurron. 


ing, dear Sir, your most’affectionate and faithful 


sone oul K2 LETTER 


132 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER XLII. 
To the Rev. Dr. Bircn. 


Dear Sir, Bedford-row, April 17, 1753. 
Mr. Heathcote, to whom, I told you, I should 
offer the Assistant-preachership, receives it with 
much satisfaction ; which will save you the trouble 
you was so good to undertake for me: for which, 
and for many other civilities and acts of friendship, 
Iam much your debtor; and, I hope, not an un- 
grateful one.—I have too much value for your noble 
present of Tillotson’s Life *, not to desire to com- 
pice’ it, with the Additions. When you think of it, 
so good to order your Bookseller to send the Ad- 
ditions to me by Hitch, in Leake’s parcel. 
I am, dear Sir, with true esteem, your very af- 
fectionate and faithful servant, W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XLII. 
To the Rey. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Prior Park, Jan. 3, 1754. 

I have received your very valuable present of the 
«Memoirs of Queen Elizabeth,” and return you 
my best thanks for the pleasure and instruction they 
afford me. They are full-of curious anecdotes ; 
and I set more value on one material historical 
anecdote, than on twenty new hypotheses in Philo- 
sophy, or a hundred good criticisms. 

I hear at last we are to have Bolingbroke’s cru- 
dities. I know they cannot fail of being well an- 
swered: but that will be a poor satisfaction for the 
mischiefs that an irreligious veri does amongst the 
weak heads and bad hearts of the people. 

* «Your account of your labouring through Birch [the Life 
of Tillotson} made me smile. | I will assure you, he has here done 
his best, and topt his part. As to the Archbishop, he was cer- 
tainly a virtuous, pious, humane, and moderate man; which 
last quality was a kind of rarity in those times.” 

Letter io Mr, Hurd, Dec. 15, 1752. 
Browne's 


DR. WARBURTON TO DR. BIRCH. 133 


Browne's * Poem of the Soul is, I think, a very 
pretty performance, and gives me the more pleasure, 
as it seems to be a mark of the Author’s growing 
serious. It must have more than common merit to 
be read with pleasure after the Anti-Lucretius +, 
which I think incomparably the best work of the 
kind since the age of Augustus; and had it not been 
alloyed with some of the worst parts of Cartesian- 
ism, as well as enriched with the best, it would have 
been the greatest master-piece of reasoning and 
poetry the world ever saw. As it is, I infinitely 
prefer it to all the modern Latin Poems put together. 

Mr. Charles Yorke has disappointed us all here 
in the midst of our expectations ; and I take up the 
Anti-Lucretius as the next best succedaneum to his 
company. I am, dear Sir, with the truest esteem, 
your most faithful and affectionate humble servant, 

W. Warsurton. 


LETTER XLIV. 
To the Rey. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Prior Park, Dec. 17, 1755- 

I this moment received a letter from Dr. Attwell, 

of Gloucester, in which are these words (speaking of 
Mr. Walley, one of the Prebendaries, and of his own 
journey to Norwich, for which he is now setting out) : 
“T believe I shall never see him alive again after this 
day. He came hither from Bath, with a cold, and 
a swoln face; the Physician treated it as an erysy- 
pelas; but it proves a carbuncle, and will probably 
put an end to his life, before I shall reach Norwich.” 

* “De Animi Immortalitate,” by Isaac Hawkins Browne, esq. 
1754. —Of this gentleman, it was said by Dr. Johnson, “ that 
he was one of the first Wits of the country; got into Parliament, 
and never opened his mouth.” 

+ This elegant Latin Poem, which refutes the system and doc- 
trine of Epicurus, was written by Melchior de Polignac, a cele- 
brated French Cardinal; but was not published till 1747, six 
years after the Author's death. See some Translations in Gent. 
Mag. vol. XVIII, p. 218; vol. XXIII. pp. 386. 438, — a 

wate now 


134 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I know nothing of your’ views, nor your friends’ 
views for you: but my friendship for-you would not 
suffer me to neglect acquainting you with the cir- 
cumstance, as timely.as I had it. 

~All here desire to. be kindly remembered to you. 
_ 1am, dear Sir, your very affectionate and faithful: 
humble servant, ; W. Warsurton. | 


LETTER XLV. 

ion to the Rev. Dr. Warsurton. : 
_ Dear Sir,» London, Dec, 20,1755. | 
»» Your letter of the 17th is such an instance of your 
friendship and zeal for me, that I could not pardon 
myself if. I.were to.omit one post before I returned 
you my most sincere acknowledgments for it. The 
information ‘contained in Dr. Atwell’s letter to you 
will indeed be of no use to me, as I have never had 
the least intimation from my friends of any further 
design in my favour ; ibd, after having received 
one very considerable obligation from them, I can- 
not think of asking a second. But mine to you for 
this: new proof of your kindness is the same as if 
what you wish for me should take place. 

I desire you to make my most respectful com- 
pliments to Mr, Allen and the Ladies; and am, 


dear Sir, your most obliged, and most affectionate 
humble servant, : - Tuo. Bircn. 


LETTER XLVI. 
To the Rev. Dr: Biren. 


Dear Sir,» Prior Park, April.15, 1756. 

I was surprized at a ‘scandalous paper in the 
Evening Advertizer, sent me by Mr. Millar. Zz 
shewed it to Dr. Brown, who is, it seems, Bower’s 
friend, and told him I thought it incumbent on 
him to’ vindicate himself “from being the author. 
It is made up, like a_tailor’s bill, of buckram and 
stay- 


DR WARBURTON TO. DR. BIRCH. 135 
stay-t that is to say,/,of bombast and; sophistry. 
Bntahectinecvatithe English, Clergy, in general,” a 
their. subseription,.is) beyond measure. impudent, 
Thelauthonof “The Lives of the Popes*” is described 
as one of the best writers of the age, and a kind.of 
public blessing. That work, and his money-trans; 
actions with the Jesuits, make me regard him as a 
setibbler and an. impostor. , But if any :man,.will 
sliew me one unknown fact, discovered, or one, new 
argument invented against, the usurpations.of 
Roman See; of)but one good reason why he should 
sé to lay out his all, on, an annuity, for life, of 
‘of Men who'were seeking his death, and 
who) we know, seldom miss when they aim ata 
man’s throat:—if, I say, any man will shew «me 
these things, I will readily confess him to be.a Ge- 
nius and a Saint; and that he may in time become 


a Martyr. 

VAs Tam. swell assured that nothing but a generous 
abhorrence of iniquity induced you to concern your- 
self in this matter, 1am not displeased that the in- 
solence and prevarication of this paper are likely to 
get it canvassed to'the bottom’; ‘for, if the man be 
guilty of a criminal correspondence, it is fit he 
should be thoroughly detected ; and if he appear to 
you to*be ‘innocent, iam confident you will be 


amongst the'first to proclaim it to the world. 
‘Tam; dear’ Sir, with much esteem, your very 
faith humble servant, W.Warporton. 
none E Levos hy ‘ 
ba | . : ys 

Perea heleb TH, XLVIL 

ap "Po the Rev. Dr. Birci. 

Pe *. arti . 


Dean Sin, Prior Park, April 12, 1758. 
_ The linclosed)is froma very worthy Remonstrant 
Minister of; the Church at Haerlem in Holland. I 
need not explain it to you. Some of their inveterate 


_ * Archibald Bower. 


enemies 


136 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


enemies of the Established Church have published 
a Translation of a book of that foul-mouthed fellow, 
Owen, against them. What they want to know is, 
whether it be a Translation of a real Book of 
Owen’s? and, if so, what answer it had, at that 
time, from our Remonstrants. 

As I know no one who so well understands our 
Literary History, and no one is so communicative 
and ready to oblige your friends as yourself; I take 
the liberty to request this favour of you, that you 
would let us know what there is in this matter; and 
where the books enquired after may be found, that 
I may get them, and send them to my Correspond- 
ent: for it is a public quarrel; and both the Gods 
and Cato, I suppose, would here take the same side. 

I am, dear Sir, with the truest esteem, your most 
affectionate and faithful humble servant, 

W. Warsurton. 

P.S. Be so good, if you can convey word to Mr. 
Heathcote, to tell him I do not come to town this 
Term. All here are much yours. 


LETTER XLVIII. 


To the Rey. Dr. Bircu. 
Grosvenor-square, Frida 
Dear Sr, morning, Feb. 1, ta 

, Last night I had the Cheater tating your very 
excellent Dedication, with Mr. Solicitor*. Weare 
agreed that it does both you and your Royal Patron 
great honour. We think too it will be very accept- 
able at that Court, as the curious History-+ it precedes 
will be to the publick in general. This morning I 
received from you this very valuable present, for 
which I hold myself greatly indebted to your friend- 
ship. I am, dear Sir, with the truest affection, 
your very faithful and obedient humble servant, 

W. GuoucestEr. 


+ Mr. Charles Yorke. ~ 
+ “The Life of Henry Prince of Wales, eldest son of James I.” 
LETTER 


BP. WARBURTON TO DR. BIRCH. 137 


LETTER XLIX. 


_ To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


- _-Dear Sir, Grosvenor-square, Dec. 5, 1760. 
Last night I had an opportunity to see Dr. Brown, 
and told him all the Bp. of Durham * had said to 
me. He confessed it was true, that he was in a sort 
of iation for an exchange of Newcastle; and 
that the reason of his keeping it a secret from me 
-was a point of delicacy, least I should be supposed 
to have been one of his advisers. I said, he had car- 
ried his declared resignation of Horkesley too far to 
retract; and that he would dishonour himself by 
such a proceeding. After having disputed this 
point, he concluded by assuring me he would do 
nothing finally but to the entire satisfaction of all 
the parties concerned. What he means by this I 
will not undertake to say. Thus far I went, for the 
sake of his honour, and your service; and am, dear 
Sir, your very faithful and affectionate humble ser- 
vant, : W. Groucester. 


LETTER L. 


__ To the Lord Bishop of Cartiste -. 
She London, Norfolk- 
wt My Lorp, street, Dec. 6, deg 
- The importance of the subject of this Letter 
with Gasalte myself, together with a just ory ge 
that your Lordship has not been thoroughly in- 
formed by Dr. Brown of the fact, and my Lord 
m’s desire that I should state it at large, will, 

Thope, be a sufficient apology for the trouble which 
I now give your Lordship. 

* Hon. Dr. Richard Trevor. 

+ Dr. Richard Osbaldeston, afterwards Bp. of London. 


vr 


In 


138 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


In August last, a considerable time after the va- 
cancy of the Vicdrage ‘of| Neweastle-upon-Tyne, 
and the offer of it by your Lordship to Dr. Brown 
had been inserted ‘in. séveral! of the public papers, 
he. wrote to my Lord Royston, to give that early 
notice, as he styled ‘it, of his resolution’ to’ accept 
of that living, and to’ vacate the Rettory of Great 
Horkesley in Essex; but that it would ‘not be’ con 
venient to him to do so till October. “He wrote to 
the same purpose to the ‘Solicitor-General.. His 

ordship, on the 1st of July, upon the’ prospect of 
We Ny of Horkesley, at the known declarations 
of Dr. Brown of his intentions to quit it for New- 
castle, of which he made’ no secret, had’ been’ so 
good to. me, as to offer me the disposal of that Rec- 
tory, in order for an exchange for some’ living 
compatible with mine in the City *. But his Lord- 
ship, as well as myself, was surprized’ by another 
Letter from the Doctor, dated Sept. 17, acquainting 
him that. “a circumstance had arisen, which ‘had 
rendered it doubtful whether he should be put in 
Jossession of Newcastle :” but that, ‘ whenever he 
Fad formed such resolutions, as might certainly lead 
to that event, he would not fail to acquaint his Lord- 
ship with them.” Accordingly, on the 4th of Octo- 
ber, he wrote again to Lord ‘Royston, and to Mr. 
Solicitor+General, ‘to inform them, that he should 
accept the Vicarage of Newcastle, and consequently 
vacate Horkesley; in November. His Letter to his 
Lordship is not at: present at hand, but was to the 
same effect, and nearly in the same words, as that 
to the. Solicitor-General ; of which the following is 
an exact copy: 

eis) ‘spend , Oct. 4, 1760. 

© T have now the pleasure to acquaint you, that 

the circumstance which eae my late hesita- 


* Dr. Birch effected an exchange of Horkesley, in Essex, with 
Dr. John Cock, for the Rectory of Depden in the same County. 
See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p.'285. - rt 

tion 


‘ BP. WARBURTON TO DR. BIRCH! 139° 


tion concerning the Vicarage of Newcastle is now’’ 
no more; and thatI regard it as'an event as certain’ 
as any futurity can arn that I’ shall be instituted 
to that living as soon as the Bishop of Durham comes 
to London, which will probably be about;the mid- 
dle of November, I inform Lord Royston of this by: 
the same post; and am, with all true regard, Sir,, 
Your very obliged and obedient servant, J. Brown.” 


‘My Lord Royston, upon ‘the receipt of Dr. 
Brown’s Letter to: himself of that date, wrote to me’ 
from Wimpole, on’ the 9th of October, that the 
Dottorthed at last notified, that he should receive 
institution into: Newcastle about the middle of No- 
vember. His Lordship ‘therefore hoped that I 
would immediately set to work upon the negotiation 
ee an exchange of Horkesley, about which I had 

before received several proposals, and one so advan- 


eer that I was resolved to accept it as soon astit 
Sco 


a 3, ws gue t 
On) Wednesday, November 12, Dr. Brows called 
upon me at)my house, and informed me, that he 
his. presentation to the Vicarage of New- 
castle with the Bishop of Durham ; that his instru- 
ments for institution into it were preparing: that he 
was going the next day, I.think,to Horkesley, for his 
Letters of Orders: and that he should. take institu- 
tion into Newcastle on the Tuesday following. He 
: expressed his satisfaction in the advantage which I 
was to receive from his quitting Horkésley, and de- 
sired me to recommend him to his successor there 
for the disposal) of some goods ‘of his in the rectory- 
10USE. 
ih discovered afterwards that he had not taken in-: 
stitution on the Tuesday following, which had like~ 
wise been appointed for that purpose; but that, as 
the Living was to'lapse on that day sevennight, he 
had ‘desired some farther time of the Bishop of 
a This gave me and my friends a sea 
that 


140 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


that he was looking: out for an exchange for New- 
castle; which was fully confirmed by a card which 
he sent on Tuesday last, in these very words : 


“ Tuesday, December 2. 

“Dr. Brown presents his compliments to Dr. 
Birch; and acquaints him, that a very unexpected 
overture has Jately been made, which will prevent 
any final determination concerning the Vicarage of 
Newcastle for some little time. This, at present, is 
entirely a secret; but Dr. Brown was delietan of 
hinting this to Dr. Birch as far as he could with 
propriety: and therefore relies on Dr. Birch’s ho- 
nour, that it will not be made known to any but 
those whom it may most nearly concern.” 


My Lord Royston, who had on Sunday last been 
informed of the Doctor’s hesitating to vacate Hor- 
kesley, went on Tuesday morning, before I had re- 
ceived the Doctor's card, to the Bishop of Durham; 
and, not meeting with his Lordship at home, left a 
Letter for him, giving some account of Dr. Brown’s 
engagement to quit Horkesley, and inclosed in that 
Letter one of the Doctor's. The Bishop returned 
the visit the next morning, and mentioned to Lord 
Royston his having granted further time to the Doc- 
tor; but declared himself entirely ignorant of the 
circumstances of the facts mentioned by Lord Roy- 
ston, Dr. Brown not having given the Bishop the 
least hint of them. The Bishop, however, pro- 
mised to send for the Doctor, and talk to him on 
the subject. 

Such being the real case, I shall leave it to your 
Lordship’s judgment, whether Dr. Brown has not, 
by his repeated promises, precluded himself from all 
right of continuing at Horkesley, to my great dis~ 
appointment and prejudice? and whether he ought 
to be allowed to attempt to falsify those promises, by 
going on to traffic for so important and valuable a 
cure as that of Neweastle with the best bidder ? 

Iam, 


-BP.. WARBURTON TO DR. BIRCH. 141 


I am, with the highest regard, my Lord, your 
Lordship’s most obedient and most humble servant, 
Tuo. Birca. 


! 


LETTER LI. 


To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Six, Grosvenor-square, Dec. 9, 1760. 
Dr. Brown was here last ae and said, that yes- 
terday he was at the Bishop of Durham's “to appoint 
the time for institution: so you may look upon that 
business as well over. I heartily give you joy of it; 
and am your truly affectionate ‘friend and faithful 
servant, W. Guoucester. 


LETTER LIL. 


To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


_ Dear Sir, Prior Park, Nov. 17, 1762. 
It gives me much pleasure that my little Book * is 
approved of by one whose judgment I so much value. 
~ You could not have told me any news more agree- 
able to me than of a new Book + from you; nor of 
any present more acceptable than such a testimony 
of your friendship. I love your Books, because they 
bear the image of your heart, your integrity, your 
candour, and equity. I esteem them, because they 
haye the strong stamp of your mind, your good 
judgment, and critical acumen. 
| shall, in a few days, be setting forward for 
town. In what disposition I shall find it, I do not 
know. As a Churchman, I pray for Peace; asa 
Man, I rejoice in this cessation from human slaugh- 
ter; asa Briton, I shall submit my judgment to m 
betters, and especially to that which is best of all, 
* The “ Doctrine of Grace.” 
+ “ Letters, Speeches, Charges, Advices, &c, of Francis Ba- 


con, Lord Viscount St. Alban, Lord Chancellor of secu 
the 


142 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the Wisdom of Parliament. For as to the political 
advantages accruing from it to Great Britain, or the 
disadvantages, if any, I know but as much, and no 
more (which is indeed nothing) than the Party Li- 
bellers on both sides; who have just taught me this 
as they came in my way in the common newspapers, 
that they are equally the disgrace of Letters and 
human nature. ; 

Tam, dear Sir, with the truest esteem, your most 
affectionate and faithful humble servant, 

: W. Gioucester. 

~ All the family desire their kindest remembrance 
toyou. — 


LETTER LIII. 
To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Grosvenor-square, Dec. 13, 1762. 
“This inclosed scrap of a Letter from Mr. Hurd 
will acquaint you with our request ; and, if it be 
in your power to comply with it, we know your 
friendship and benevolence too well to doubt of your 
inclination. Ever your most affectionate friend and 

faithful servant, W. Guovcester. 


[The Inclosure.] 

“Tam now digesting my scattered hints and Ts 
on the use of Travelling. Your Lordship foniied 
to inquire of Dr. Birch for Lord Essex’s Letter to 
the Earl of Rutland on the subject. Horace Wal- 
98 mentions it, as being referred to in the Bacon 

‘apers. If the book itself could be procured by 
his means, Millar would take care to send it. 
\a)h R. Hurp.” 


LETTER 


BP. WARBURTON TO DR. BIRCH. 143 


ver iw ood EIRP TER oLIV, 

vii 2. stash) of F i 

» ©) Rev. Mr. Hurp. to Rev. Dr. Bircn. 

"©" Dear Sir} Thurcaston, Feb.'25, 1763. 


_ You will receive with this the small book you did 
me the favour to'send me at the request of the Bp. 
of Gloucester, together with the collations of the 
MSS: in the Museum; for both which, but espe 
cially the last, I am greatly indebted to you.""The 
Earl of Essex’s Letter is slight upon the subject ; 
but it was a pleasure to see any thing from his hand. . 
The MSS. you were so obliging to collate for me 
are very much superior to the printed copy. 

New books are so long in travelling to us in the 
country, that I have not yet seen your late Collec- 
tion of the Bacon Papers. I am the more impatient 
for this pleasure, as [ hear, on all hands, that’ it is 
extremely curious and useful. I heartily wish the 
long continuance of your health and life, that you 
may oblige us with still more of those valuable 
works, with which you have already so much en- 
ag sk ge istory. 


_ Believe me to be, with great respect, reverend Sir, 
‘) our much obliged and most obedient servant, 


R. Hurp. 


LETTER’ Ly. 


ronthot jasl sil 7 

“4 = 'To the Rev. Dr. Breen. 

Dear Sir, Prior Park, March 12, 1763. 
Ihave your favour of the 10th, and am obliged 
to you for your kind enquiries after my health. 
The bad accident that befel me * was attended with 
all. t. favourable symptoms; and the broken 
t eet: now to be reasonably well united, 
Tam afraid it will be some time yet before 
get the free use of that arm. 


é “eA broken arm, from a fall in his garden. 
id My 


144 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


My compliments to the Stewards; but, with my- 
best dispositions to serve the Charity *, J certainly 
shall not be in London in May. To ask for a 
Preacher in London, is like asking for a Centinel in a 
German Town. Every corner will supply them.: 

I am much obliged to your friendship for the 
trouble I give you. All here are much at your ser- 

-vice. No one any where more than, dear Sir, 

Your very affectionate and faithful humble servant, 

W. Groucester. 


LETTER LVI. 
To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Prior Park, April 18, 1763. 
I have your favour of the 16th. As to the tickets, 
I should be glad if you would give yourself the 

trouble of disposing of them as you see fit. ‘ 
Lord Bute’s abdication, just on the rising of the 
Session, is to us, who know nothing of the intrigues 
of the Court, a most mysterious thing. It is a 
heenomenon that seems to predict great changes. 
ay the King and Constitution never suffer ! . 
All here are much yours. No one any where 
more than, dear Sir, yonr very affectionate and 
faithful humble servant, W. GioucestEr. 
P.S. I wish you would demand of Mr. Millar 
(for any of mine is at your service) the last Edition 
of my “ Discourse of Grace ;” for it is less imperfect 

than the others. 


LETTER LVII. 


To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 


Dear Sir, Grosvenor-square, Oct. 25, 1763. 
I have taken the liberty you gave me, to inclose a. 
memorandum of the things Twould gladly be allowed 


* Bp. Warburton was in this year one of the Stewards for the 
Sons of the Clergy. h 
the 


BP.“ WARBURTON TO Dit. BIRCH. 145! 


the favour of having carer ts of; gu oa mie 
obtained, | you will’be'so' good as to employ 
transeriber; soe I ‘shall be carl fo bats for 
his labour. 
‘You Pihast anit Is ama great A ntSqilay' 
though I make’ no'words of ‘it; as half ashamed of 
| my taste; like a man who has taken an odd fancy 
p to an ugly mistress; I am;-witlr true esteem, dear 
Sir, your most affectionate friend and faithful hum- 
| bleservantj/))/) 615 « W. Gioucester. 


LETTER LVUl. 


0) PSE Re DE, Bincie” 


vi: Prior Park, Juiie 16, 19s 
aa pid Dalry: Irym ple i is about fe a new., 
edition of Williatge', tract of “The Holy Table,, 
— and thing.” He has desired me to procure bin 
Pitino ate some. shee rote to’ that matter. 
i os pot ridge Santi hae et tote oo 
: in list of the things from, the “ 
) Librorutt MSS. in A poral 1697, ae 
lidthecee ‘Sloatiélis i8, p. 10 ‘107, 
\ of Bp. Wil ams.” ‘If you will be 
so good to get | hs ssa He an ak I ve i 


ear ‘Sir, or 
ean hth ap ete bots at ve 


“i 


otf fis sbestr » : sie 
as sud, ) a af 
toe a PRETER OR 
pines a To the Rev. Dr. Bircu. 
Sir, Prior Park, Nov.,7, 1765. 


“Ina letter I received from Mr. Hard, he told me 
i¢ pleasure of dining with you the other day. 
“of the. Royal hada pu ee of quitting the Sécretary- 
ety: if it'be dn account of 


ve a be e eaten concerned ; if it be 
uh. to 


146 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


to preserve you from that misfortune, and continue 
you in good, I shall much applaud your resolution * : 
for I interest myself in your welfare both on your 
own account and the publick’s, being, with the great- 
est esteem, dear Sir, your affectionate and faithful 
friend and humble servant, W. Groucester. 


DR. HEBERDEN TO MR. BIRCH. 
LETTER }f 


To the Rev. Mr. Binca, Norfolk-street. 


Dear Sir, No date.] 
The Gentleman who bri this is Mr. Mason, 
the Author of “ Muszus, a ouody on the death of 
Mr. Pope.” He is of the same College with me, 
and I have a great esteem for him, which makes me 
very desirous of satisfying a curiosity that he has of 
seeing Dr. Mead’s library and antiquities, ke. You 
will Dicckhove oblige me in a particular manner by 
appointing any morning when it suits your conve- 
niency, to introduce him toa breakfasting at the 
Doctor's, If any thing should make this inconve- 
nient to you, pray be pleased to give him your letter 
dimissory to Mr. Bell or Dr, Slack, that he may 
not be disappointed of the pleasure which such a 
morning wil awe him. I have made all the enqui- 
ties I have been able after Albumazar, without any 
success. My humble service to Messrs. Yorkes and 
Wray. Iam, dear Sir, your most obedient servant, 

4 W. Heserven. 


* Dr. Birch died Jan. 9, 1766, only two months after the date 

of this Letter. It is evident, from the whole tenor of their cor- 

, that Bp. Warburton retained a sincere regard for 

him to the last; and I regret the not being able to give some of 

Birch’s answers to the Bishop's various enquiries after men and 
books, which must have contained many curious particulars. 

‘ LETTER 


DR. HEBERDEN AND DR. R. TAYLOR. 147 


LETTER II. 
To the Rey. Mr. Bircu. 

FLORETS od Dorney, near Maidenhead, 

Dds Siz, 11 o'clock, July 13, 1751. 
Tam forced, against my will, to stay here too long 
to have any hopes of dining with you in Cecil-street, 
It distresses me to the last degree, to think of having 
such friends-at my house without being able to en- 
joy their company. Let me beg of you, dear Sir, 
to do the honours. of my table, and excuse me to 
7 worthy friends. By that time you have dined, 
I hope to be with you. I dare say that every thing 
will be taken such care of, that you will-have nothing 
‘to do but to eat and drink, and see that our friends 

do so too... Ever yours, W. Heperbden, 


- Dx. ROBERT TAYLOR 10 Dr. BIRCH. 


Dear Sik,  ‘Albemarle-street, Oct. 27,1757. 

Thad the favour of your kind Letter, and am very 
much obliged to you for the trouble you have had 
on my account. As my enquiry related solely to 
Dr. Plumptre, I should be still more obliged to you 
if you could learn what honours he received at 
Frankfort ? whether he had not a degree given him 
there? and a medal, and what else? But I beg you 
will not let'this' trifling affair interfere with your 
more important enquiries; especially as I do not 


' wait for this information, but proceed ‘as fast as 


my business will allow, me in the other unfinished 
es *. Lam, with great truth, dear Sir, your most 
ithful and obliged servant, R. 'Tavtor. 


roy ony ts TS 
vy Q. OF what work was this >— Dr. Robert Taylor. delivered 
the Harveian Oration in 1755; and published it in 1756. See 
some brief notice of him before, p. 46. He was elected F.R.S. 
in 1737 ; ‘and died May 15, 1762. uM 
92 L2 R, 


148 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE: 


Mr. PETER DES MAIZEAUX to Mr. BIRCH. 
SS, 
LETTER E 
To the Rev, Mr. Bircu. 


Sm; 603 ae [No date.] 

I recervep the favour of yours, for which I re- 
turn you my hearty thanks. T flattered myself with 
the pleasure of being with you this evening, but am 
obliged to be with an old friend of mine, who is just 
come to town. I hope you will be so good as to 
excuse me, and to present my humble service to 
your gentlemen. 

Iam, Sir, your most obliged humble servant, 
P. Des Marzeaux. 


LETTER I. 
To the Rev. Mr. Biron. 


Sim, he eo an. 20, 1735-6. 

I told you, I believe, Mr. Anthony Collins -had 
been. twice in Holland; and. I just now found a 
memorandum among my) papers, which mentions it 
as follows, and yow may. rely upon it.—Mr. Collins 
went into Holland in M 1711, and became ac- 
uainted with Mr. Le Clerc, and other learned men. 
e returned to London in November following, to 
take earé of his private affairs; with ,a. promise to 
his friends in Holland, thatshe would: pay them a 


second 


MR, DES MAIZEAUX TO MR, BIRCH. 149 


second visit in a short time. Accordingly he went 
from London, Jan. 2,.1712,, pursuant to his pro- 
mise, as also with an intent to see Flanders, where 
he received great ciyilities from Priests, Jesuits, &c. 
From thence he wrote to one of his servants at Lon- 
don, to meet. him at Calais, in order to attend him 
to Paris; Fa i“ i mean time, the death of a near 
relation, Mr. Trolope, happened, which obli 
him to return to pt ae cs he arrived the i 
of October, 1713, full of grief for, the loss of so 
) and the disnppainimest of not seeing 
: ly, & 

This account, for which I have good authority, 
shews how incredulous is the story that he went 
io rape pede 
|, 4d am very glad to this rtunity to-assure 
you, how much I am, Sir, your mest Romania ser- 


vant, P. D. M.* 
“ “Then follows ‘Catdlogue of Collins's Works, by Mr. Des 
Maizeaux, in eh: ical order; and the following epitaph from 
his monument in Oxford chapel : 
“HS. EB. 


“ gaezoxsns Contains, Armiger : 
animi dotibus ornatus, 
_--preestanti Ingenio, 
ava"? acri Judicio, 
tenaci Memoria, 
A Puero usque mirificd yirtutis indole preditus : 
Spectatissimum semper vite morumque exemplar. 
_ Neritatis amicus & indagator sedulus 5 
quam neque ex sententiis hominum pendere, 
- 1 ae gladio caer sn suiatinatt 
ta gi gop. evolvendis 
(arsiduus.& indefesu 
_ Quantum inde profecerit, 
‘is ipsius editis Foden Lector idoneus. 
optimos, utrumque Georgium, 
bertatis utpote Civilis et 5 Sar 
, Tutores & Patronos, 
* fide (si quis alius) constans. 
.  Gratam sui 


4782 Conjuges Amoris, 

_. erga Liberos Charitatis, 

erga Servos Lenitatis, 
brat Erga 


150 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER IW. 


To the Rev. Mr. Bircu. 


Sir, January 24 [no year]. 

The bearer of this note having some business in 
your neighbourhood, I desired him to call upon you, 
and to bring the Life of Arnoldus, and Mr. Bayle’s 
Letters. If you please to give him, at the same 
time, the first volume of Moreri, you will oblige 
me, and I will lend you mine m. two or three 
days time. 


'wo days ago I received a letter from Mr. Gay- 
nier, wherein he takes notice of a blunder in the 
article Abgarus of the Universal Dictionary. I will 
shew you the letter when you do me the favour to 
call here. ' 


Tam, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, 
P. Des Maizzaux. 


erga omnes Benevolentie, 
memoriam reliquit. 

Calculorum valetudine diu conflictatus, 
demum fractus; obiit x11 Dec. mpccxx1x. 
Amicorum nuper Delici# ; nunc, eheu! Desiderium. 
Natus est xx1 Junii, mMDcLxxv1. 
Hewnico Patre igero. 

i In matrimonio habuit 
Martuam, Francisc1 Cuirp Equitis filiam ; 
atque, e4 defuncti, 
ExizasetHam, Guatrer1 Wrorresty, Baronetti. 
Ex alterA quatuor Liberos suscepit ; ; 


: jworum 
duos Filios, Heintedie infantem, 
Awnrontum verd ad virilem ztatem jam provectum, 
summa virtute & humanitate adolescentem, 
: extulerat : 
Duas itidem Filias, Exizasnetuam et Marruam, 


Tnnuptas reliquit. 
pine sete Viro, 
quocum conjunctissim? vixerat, 
Monumentum hoc meerens posuit. 
ORIGINAL 


Ler torersy 


ORIGINAL LETTERS* or Bp. WARBURTON 
to Dr. NATHANIEL FORSTER +. 


aaa 
LETTER I. 


To the Rev. Mr. Forster, Fellow of Corpus 
Christi College, in Oxford. 


_., Dear Sir, Bedford-row, Feb..7, 1748-9. 

FROM the exceeding clearness and closeness of a 
pamphlet just now brought to me, intituled,“* 4 Dis- 
sertation on Josephus's account of Jesus Christ, &c.” 
I think I cannot be deceived in the Author; and 
that it is to you that I am indebted for so valuable a 
present, and for.so advantageous a mention of the 
Author of the “ Divine Legation.” 

Thave read. it over with great pleasure, and will 
tell you my sentiments of it with a friendly freedom. 
I think it one of the most ingenious and chaste 
pieces. of criticism that ever was written. I think 
that 6 Xgsst¢ Srog zy can admit of no sense but the 
common one, especially while @ciwy TIgogyrav stand 
their ground. But how far the liberty of altering 
the text by conjecture only, when the sense does 
not require it,’ without support of MSS. is to be in- 
dulged, where the question is concerning the ge- 
nuineness of a whole paragraph, I leave to your 
consideration. So far on our side; then. on yours, 
it must be owned, that your very fine emendation 

* From the Originals, obligingly communicated by the Rev. 
Thomas Crompton, of Cranworth, Norfolk. 

+ Of Dr. Nathaniel — who was an a “ 
scl ir, see an accurate an 1c 

rie? tae, Anecdotes,” vol. LX. p. 239, f 

oO} 


152 ILLUSTRATIONS. OF LITERATURE. 


of ré.a74q not only greatly mends the sense, but the 
expression. Jt is now really elegant, which before, 
I agree with Faber, was tristis ac putida elegantia ; 

n itti is emendation, it must be confessed 
z7 ace Hy i whe the ener ‘Wherever the 
truth ral lies, Tam. persuaded that every true 
scholar’ wi thas much admire your critique, as every 
candid man will be pleased. with. the modesty of your 
preface. However, no one has more reason to re- 
turn you his hearty thanks, for this service you have 
done to Literature and Religion, than, Sir, 

Yourvery faithful and affectionate humble servant, 

: ‘brotkO" 1) W.. Warsurton. 

P.S. If I be mistaken in my conjectures of the 
Author, as they are without aihy su cubety ah will 
excuse me. pécnagtete yee 

€ wv DEPT E Re bela . 
» o dolny ovLo the Rey. Mr. Forster. faskt 
oo: “Dear Str, » -o» Prior Park, Oct.8,'174: 

I am extremely, obliged to you for your kind Let- 
ter, which:is»as) accurate and ingenious, as: it is 
friendly; I saw inp, 6. ade avripeoilqy was’ wrong. 
It.is plainly so. ‘But I left it as: I foundit. ‘You have 
corrected it-right, twvde., I have, I think, taken it 
for, granted, that Julian’ must commend: Plato’ for 
that)maxim.. ‘And if you grotind what you say to 
#6 contrary on Julian's thinking ‘there was no such 

ulty in the case, I apprehend these may be con- 
sistent.) He*might think Plato acted wisely in ob- 
serying the maxim with regard to the people, though 
he, Julian; :as_ an enlightened! Philosopher, ‘found 
none ef; these difficulties (in the search) which the 
peopléencountéreds— But /I will consult Julian, 

bo rh get here. net t 
“P22: ‘Constantine for the Cruelties. — It..is 
plain, by, Julien Canon tk he bore much ‘ill-will 
to:Constantine. — His denial 'to the Athenians goes 
AT _ aad - for 


MR, WARBURTON TO.MR. FORSTER. 153 


Sadie bitter _— He, paving too that his cousin Constan- 
u thor of several.hardships to himself, 
whieh y ie 9 detested him for, But, qc these gruel 


vig N i ou are so kind to take notice of 
rinter’s carelessness is too true. 
Be have, found it irremediable, as I never correct 


P, 5, The. doubtfulness of the word Kaygaslu 

e reason I said, Unole and Cousin. , However, 

2 no manner of question they were both very 
ie ‘to the oe in this kind. 

iste a I said 0 ecinacy and perseverance, to ex- 

ing by the two different, words 


i es and Christians. But, I remem- 
ae ns hy m, va iid I used it. 


— 


Julian Tehaelt the God of the Jews 
ane % wend y, he must be at leastas blind as 
that search. . It is certain, the earlier 
ei a neighbourhood of Judea, and those 
ad transactions with them, thought so, As 
pea in the Divine Legation,, in, the quota- 
ams w you! refer to in these sheets, p- 6: he only 
meet whether Moses was right. in. sup- 
he God of the Universe. However, 
nei you, Shee one of his ends mi he 

ce and appease that unknown God, w 
a eed I should have Pie notice of i ig 
2, Ades majianus says—thou, e foresaw with 
au ‘ oe the we wo Meh ie [to which 
$ were mje] thought I ee tolerably 
rexel th is sense in) my words ;, for fore- 
was onl his being sensible of the turns of 
» sand | oreseeing with an anxious mind — 
ba y. being anxious for the future.— Many 


itch he was indebted to the accuracy of his learned 
oo pl he has elsewhere ee and gratefully 
ledged.. 


sedi and 


154 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


and great events are indifferent to good and bad : 
and so are the variety of accidents. 

T do not wonder what Basnage says, about Cyrill, 
should strike you.’ But a man so excellently learned 
could not but know we have nothing of this Father 
but what is prior to the time in question. —He must 
therefore mean that the wonder lies in Cyrill’s not 
mentioning it in his after writings, as the glory of 
the event reflected so much back upon himself by 
his predictions. — And he concludes he did not 
mention it, from the silence of antiquity. What 
there is in this insinuated renscintagf sldlt endea- 
vour to shew. 

P. 45. Operum, atchievements, Now I will tell 
you truly why I translated the word thus. Julian 
did not attempt to raise a fame by this specific at- 
chievement oF building only, but this amongst 
others. Ammianus speaks of this amongst others. 
Had the like observation been made upon Justinian 
by Procopius, I should have translated it, edifices, 
because he affected to immortalize himself by that 
species of graudeur. 

Your observation of maturandum is just. It is 
not (as it should have been) expressed in the trans- 
lation, and forgot I do not know how. 

P. 5. Yuvrercia.—I have only one objection to 
your observation as to the sense Julian was likely to 
give to the passage — An end shall be put to the 
desolation. He could not, I think, properly urge 
himself, as the person foretold, by what he would 
do, but by what-he had done. Besides, he pretended 
to give a mark to the Jews, that the time of their re- 
storation was come: this mark must be something 
distinct from the restoration itself. Otherwise, when- 
ever the Jews, or any body for them, had such desire 
or intentions, that might be brought as a proof that 
the time was come: — which would be absurd. 

P. 57. Your conjecture that Julian alludes to the 
prophecy by Antiochus, I like full as well, or sed 

than 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. “155 


than my conjecture of Herod’s pulling it down ; 
-and, if I can contrive to reprint this leaf, I will take 
motice of it. 

P.58. Kanfevrog ex’ aurw, who takes his style and 
title, &c. is finely observed, and shews indeed’ he 
was thinking here of a local God. 

_P. 59. Your interpretation of Gwg peye is won- 
derfully ingenious (and especially as the Persians, 
in their encampment, carried a vast light over the 
imperial tent). . But I am afraid the chronology 
of the writing will not allow it. I think I have 
‘shewn that the discourse was composed during his 

dition into Persia. But it is impossible to con- 
ceive it written at the time you mention, when he 
‘was so dreadfully harassed and distressed by the 
Persian. He had something else to do, without 
question, at that time. Besides, this happened late 
in the Expedition. He rejected all terms of Peace, 
and went triumphantly to the Invasion. His course 
was successful; he passed the Euphrates; took 
towns; and himself ravaged all the flat country of 
Assyria with fire and sword, for fifteen days toge- 
ther. After this, the first rencounter between Hor- 
mesdes and Surena was happy. He passes the se- 
cond branch of the Euphrates; cuts in pieces all 
that opposed his passage; takes, after a vigorous 
resistance, the second town in the Empire. Hi- 
therto his soldiers were in the highest spirits; but, a 
check they meet with soon after, by the carelessness 
of a party, being severely punished by Julian, the 
army grows out of humour. He harangues them 
into te . “He takes another town. He forces the 
ses of rivers, beats the Persians before him even 

to the gates of Ctesiphon. They lose six thousand 
men; the Romans about seventy. He lays siege to it. 
Ambassadors come to beg Peace. It is refused. He 
is betrayed by a false fugitive, and finds himself in- 
volved in distress all at once. He finds himself in 
the midst» of an open country destroyed by the 
pay ts cen 


156 / ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURES 


enemy, and iticessantly harassed by flying bodies of 
horse. Now is it possible to conceive this was a time 
for writing Pastoral Letters? or even that which 
preceded it, when he rolled on. from: conquest to 
conquest. We must needs conclude he dropped his 
pen when he came, to) aetion; and that what he 
wrote, was. wrote between his setting out of Antioch 
to his passing the| Euphrates.| Besides, had these 
papers. been in his tent in his distress, itis certain 
we should never have seen them, when) Jovian so 
soon became master of what. he left. It seems to 
admit of no question but, as soon as he had written 
them, he put them into ‘the safe‘ hands of Priests 
or Sophists, to be transmitted into Syria. If, this 
be so, there is no room to suppose the allusion you 
mention.—As for the rest, your. general analysis of 
the reasoning is\fine and just, } ton 
You see, the liberty I,take. But I thought I 
could not/do too much, to. shew you;how greatly I 
think myself obliged to you for your favour, And 
I thought it a higher mark of respect! and acknow- 
ledgment, to explain the reasons in what I differ 
from you, than in only thanking you ifor what you 
have set me right in. : } 
You do me pleasure in permitting me to send you 
some more of the sheets. . Those six) are; all yet 
inted.. I haye a good deal more copy ready, which 
shall put into the Printer’s hands when I get to 
town, which will be about the 22d instant, 
Apropos—shall we see you in town this November. 
I shall be all that month there, the dismal month of 
November, when the lower wretches hangand drown 
themselves, and the higher give themselves to the 
C, and the Devil. You may be assured it would 
be a real pleasure if I could wait on you there. 
I do not mean to the C. and the Devil, but in Bed- 
ford-row, 
I am, dear Sir, your faithful and affectionate 
humble servant, W. Warpurton. 
LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 155 


MtReu STO 
: . 


LETTER Itt. 
t To the Rey. Mr. Fonsras. 


; ‘pas di. _ Prior Park, Oct..15, 1749. 
< have. your obliging favour of the 12th. Your 
reflection on the passage you quote from Julian is 
admirable. It must be owned he had much of the 
character. you give him; and ita APPS from. this 
» that he was as much an Antiquary as the 

mt Dean of Exeter * ; 3 as from others, that he 

was as much : a Politician as, his Brother, sane not 


ig 


And although. } our ériticism on. this 


Your Serica on ‘two other pass of Julian 
I have read oyer those 


ren lents ht for it but yourself. What an open- 
ing this will give to all the treasures of sacred and.pro- 
antiquity! And what an opportunity would this 
festablishing a great character! The Authorof the 
tion on the passage of Josephus (which I think 


t it piece o of criticism of this age) would shine 
* Dr. Charles x Henman afterwards President of the Society of 
alg Bishop of Exeter: 

seen to pie excellent Treatise on the Conversion of St. 


ee sq. afterwards the first Lord Lyttelton. 
suet here. 


158 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


here.—Think of it—You cannot do a more useful 
thing to Religion, or your own character. Contro- 
versies of the-times are things that presently vanish. 
This will be always of the same importance. 

P. 50.] I think the words of Nazianzen necessarily 
suppose that Julian spoke to them of a Prophecy 
which foretold, by some preceding marks, the res- 
toration; and that they were to judge by the appear- 
ance of those marks of the time. The words ém- 
OsiaSey re Onfev ex roy wag’ aurorg BiGAwy xous crappy 
roy seem to imply this sense, that Julian explained 
or interpreted some prophecies to them from their 
eaten! fine and traditions in such a manner 
as to shew them, &c. , And emfeia%wy is such an 
expression as one would use of Whiston, who is 
both Prophet and Interpreter. : 

I will allow that Julian, in continuing his journal, 
in imitation of Cesar, in the midst of perils, acted 
up to his character of a military fop.— Though I 
think ‘Opayrn (though in general it signifies that 
obscurity in the heavens occasioned by watery va- 
pours either high or low) particularly signifies a 
cloud as well as other things; yet I agree with you, 
that I should have translated it a mis¢ ; for then it is, 
and not in cloudy weather, that the sun appears like 
a globe of fire. 

agree with you, had Julian intended by ¢w¢ 
peya to express the name of the sun, he would 
have put the article. But, though he meant the 
Sun, he expressed only what appeared to the false 
judgment of the beholder a great light, not the 
great light. 

I grant you I have made the application—so these 
stark blind — instead of and stark blind. And I 
did it to explain what I conceived to be Julian’s 
meaning, who designedly, I supposed, obscured it 
by not making the application. — Bat your hint has 
made me reflect this will not be thought fair. ‘So I 
think to alter it. 

But, 


MR, WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 159 


But, seriously, when gus peyaiand Gag xceSagov ane 
the same, and opposed to Ilvg, how can they mean 

thing but the Sun? 

Di ever a Paso, or salen any other antient 

hilosopher or Divine, apply xa4agov to any other 
than a celestial pheatiours The Ancients Fel 
held the element of fire to be pure; but, when this 
quality is opposed to an earthly fire, it must be’ the 
quality of a heavenly one. You will say, he says oi 
hoy aig Pasrorrec e xalagas, &c.: it is true; but here 
he had an eye, in my opinion, to the theourgic pu- 
ication of mind; his simile and his application 
being, Mag to my interpretation, twisted toge- 
ther. After all, to suppose him only to allude to 
what the Old Testament says of God's being a con- 
suming fire, he uses a strange apparatus for nothing: 
but. oh more natural, if he referred to the Temple 
of Daphne and Jesus? And suppose his simile is 
taken from what you suppose, I should still think 
the application the same, and that the frighted sol- 
diers were to represent the admiring Christians. 

P. 155 of Julian. —It is no wonder that Julian 
should treat as a superstitious dream a God who is a 
consuming fire, when the Christians at this time so 
much triumphed in him under that title. Had it 
not been for such considerations as these, he would 
have found enough in Paganism to have justified 
the character; and, as hie enthusiasm was superin- 


ATL ELS ey 


tive su 
ean of mind to figure to himself a deity thus ar- 


os 


rayed. I allow your reflection on eer ds axnas, ie. 
to be extremely just. And he was certainly as sen- 
sib a the corruptions of principle in the then 


maaice as he was of the corruptions in 
snage will have it (I suppose from. these words 


of Socrates, Keasuer raxog xrigerdar rav oropvvos 
Naov xaos aurog ex: Uegrag yaavve) that when this 
a thing 


160 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ~ 
thing happened at Jerusalem, Julian was in Persia 


But I think ery Tegrag yaauve’ (though -Valesiits! 
translates it ad bellum contra Persas res tir) 
does not signify he forthwith: began his match, 
if it had been em: Hegowg mogen * ths =, 
: in the war against them, ich he might do be- 
fav he left Pann that is, put every hiey into 
hostile motion, Pray give me your opinion on this 
head 7 Bait & to Viilat 


Mr. Allen is much your servant anid’admiter, and 
desires his best compliments. He has’ been got 
home some tite. Sure you might take an excur- 
sion for two or three days at a time (now and then, 
to see and increase the number of your friends,’ 
which is done in seeing you), at that season when 

ple are in town. I set forward in a day or two. 
Pet me know how you relish the noble’ project I 
propose to put you upon.— And believe meé to be, 
dear Sir, with the truest esteem, your most affection- 
ate servant, OW. Warnurton. 

teilot, Te cat “Tf 
VL ELBD Bilt, (AN eo that, Bluod 
To the Rey. Mr. Forster. . 


Dear Sin, Prior Park, Dec:13; 1749. 
| Lam just got home; and am to acknowledge the 
favour of youre, which I hdd in London. © 
You will laugh when I tell you my’ work grows’ 
upon my hands, and yet goes on slower at the press: 
for my perpetual dissipation, ‘while I was in town, 
prevented me from getting above four sheets froth 
the press, two of which I here inclose. I have 
now thought that, as the first part of my scheme will 
make a reasonable volume of more than 300 pages, 
it may be as well to publish it separately, with some: 
such advertisement as this: ; 
That the two things which seettied to be’ wanting 
in this new controversy, to obviaté the conclusions 
‘ which 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 161 


which licentious men are apt to draw from Dr. Mid- 
dleton’s book, against Revelation, are to prove a mi-~ 
tacle recorded in Ecclesiastical History : and to shew 
that these miracles stand on a different footing from 
those recorded in the Gospel. The first I have done, 
in shewing the defeat of Julian to be miraculous; 
and the other, in an examination into the nature of 
that evidence which will claim the assent of a rea- 
sonable man to a miraculous fact. The first is now 
offered to the publick, the second will follow. — 
Pray what think you of this?—Who is Dr. Hodges *, 
who is about to publish something on the book of 
Job? Dear Sir, your most faithful humble servant, 
W. Warsurrton. 


LETTER V.+ 


To the Rev. Mr. Forsrer. 
Dear Sin, _ Bedford-row, Feb. 28, 1748-9. 

I have the favour of your obliging Letter. In 
mine to you, I expressed myself 8 short of the 
advantageous opinion I have of your fine piece of 
critique. I have seen nothing like it since I was capa- 
ble of making any observations of this kind. But, 
as there never was a good writer but had his apes, 
so you have yours. One of the most grotesque of 
this sort isa man, I forget his name, who wrote 
about Astronomy to M, Folkes, and something on 
the Book of Job. I had the curiosity to look into 
them; for I always think an Oxford Author a good 
one till I find the contrary; just as I do a Town Au- 
thor a bad one, till then. 

Pray give me your thoughts on the following ques- 
tion: Do you think one can logically infer, from the 
words of the predictions of the destruction of the 
‘Temple by Titus, that a, final destruction must needs 
be understood, or such a one that opposes a re-edifi- 

* See hereafter, p. 166. 

+ This, and the two following Letters, should have preceded 
that of Oct: 8, 1749, in p. 152. 

t¢ Rev. J.Garnet. See p. 167. : 

VOL. II. M cation ¥ 


162 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


cation ? I have turned this thing about; and think 
(though the affirmative has been taken for granted 
both. by the ancients and moderns) that we must 
take in the nature and genius of the two dispensa- 
tions, to determine solidly on the question. Be so 
good to give me your opinion. By this way, and 
only by this, I think I can prove the, final destruc- 
tion to be predicted. And now I must let you into 
a kind of secret, which I have told to no one here 
(because, in this dissipated life here, 1 write but by 
fits), which is, that lam composing a Defence of 
the Miracle which upocers Julian’s attempt to re- 
build the Temple. 1 think it a subject of great ims 

ce to the Christian cause; and I think it has 
never been thoroughly examined. Pray give me 
your thoughts about the usefulness and expediency 
of a sober and well-weighed discourse on this sub- 
jeét, that will keep as clear of controversy as possi- 
ble; for Dr. Middleton need ‘not, unless he will, 
give the exclusion to this miracle upon his general 
scheme, as he has laid it down in general. 

A very miserable scrap of answering is just come 
out ‘against hin by Jackson: and a much more 
scholar-like thing, called, 4 Letter to Dr. Middle- 
ton, occasioned by his late Free Inquiry; and this 
is by John Wesley the Methodist. Pacha you 
would expect more temper and less reasoning from 
this modern Apostle. hat I said above, of my 
project, is inter nos, What I say below, I would have 

nown to every body—namely, that I am, dear Sir, 
Your very affectionate and faithful humble servant, 
: W. Warsurron. 
LETTER VI. 
To the Rev. Mr. Forster. 
Dear Siz, [Prior Park, Aug... , 1749.] 

{have many acknowledgments to make to you 
for your last favours in calling on meas you went by 
in your last expedition, which we all took extremely 
kind. I am left here alone, to amuse myself as I can; 
; and, 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 163 


and, having nothing better to do at present, I am per- 
secuting the Ey capi whom I attack at much disad- 
vantage. He had his legions to second him; mine, I» 
‘mean my books, are all at a great distance. Mr. Pope’s 
and Mr. Allen’s are but a kind of civil militia,and un- 
used to this service: so that I am forced to have re- 
course to you, who are at the head of innumerable 
legions, though, like Casar, you depend only on 
your select troops. To speak like a man of this 
world, I must beg the favour of you to look me out 
a passage in St. Jerom. I believe it may be in his 
Commentary on Daniel, perhaps in the 4th Chap- 
ter, where, speaking of the Jews of his time, he 
says, they had a tradition that 430 years after their 
dispersion they should be restored, sell their enemies 
for slaves, re-build Jerusalem, &c.; and that, Julian 
making his offer, they embraced it on this account 
with great eagerness. 

Another passage I want is, the Greek of Chrysos- 
tome, where he says, some of the Jews turned Pa- 
gans on the defeat. 1 see the place in my papers 
is marked thus, Chrys. in Matt. p. 491. but what 
edition I remember not. 

Again, what Cassiodorus says of the matter in his 
Hist. Tripart, lib. vi. cap. 43; and a transcript of that 
senseless lie of Theophanes, that the mark of the 
Cross was found at the same time on the books and 
holy vestments at Antioch. , 

ill you pardon me for giving you this trouble; 
I shall take notice of the strange cavils of an excel- 
lent person (James Basnage) to this Miracle. Pray 
do you know any other, of name, who has caviled 
at it? I would speak with all such. But your little 
low rascals, who make it their trade, I shall not turn 
aside upon. 

Have you seen Whiston’s Memoirs? or did you 
ever see any thing equal to the folly, the madness, 
and the ingratitude, of the composition, the doctrine, 
and the scandal ?— That poor Publican, Mrs. Pil- 


M2 kington 


164 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


kington *, will find favour in the eyes of the candid 
before this outrageous Pharisee. She abuses only 
those who would not relieve her wants; he only 
those who did,—and, from Dr. Rundle, who invited 
him to eat cheesecake, to Dr. Hare and Dr. Cannon, 
without whose generous defence of it he would 
have had nothing to eat at all, he lays them on 
without mercy, and, in some instances, I can say, 
without truth—though I could forgive a great deal for 
his ingenuity, in telling us that Whitby called him a 
madman, and that Sir Isaac Newton, rather than have 
him in the fee Society, would throw up the Pre- 
sidentship. To complete this, which, in my opi- 
nion, has completed the disgrace that Learning and 
Religion have fallen into in this blessed age, he has 
given us his Latin Dissertation on the Fall, that 
drops down as ab--- 


LETTER VII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Forster. 
Dear Sir, Sept. 28, 1749.] 

I should have made my acknowledgments for your 
last kind Letter before now, but that I waited till I 
could send the inclosed along with them. These six 
meee which are all I have been yet able to get 
from the press, censure and criticise freely, like a 
friend. You have an absolute power over all, but 
one observation § in p. 93. 

When I examined Basnage’s objections to this 
Miracle in the Sixth Book of his History of the 


* Mrs. Letitia Pilkington, wife of the Rev. Matthew Pilking- 
ton. She published «‘ Memoirs” of her own Life in 1749. 

+ The remainder, and probably date, of this Letter is torn off. 

} The siz sheets were sent on the same day to Mr. Hurd, 

§ Bp. Warburton, in his ‘“ Julian,” 5; ing of Ammianus 
Marcellinus’s recording the destruction of the Templeof Jerusalem 
as a natural and not a miraculous event, says, ‘‘ His reserve is so 
far from depriving us of the benefit of his testimony, that it is 
that which supports it. Had we found a Pagan speaking like a 

Christian 


MR, WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 165 


Jews, it perfectly amazed me. He was an excellent 
scholar, of great parts, and a real believer of Reve- 
lation. Yet there is such an unaccountable misre- 
presentation of what the Fathers say throughout, 
that, had it been a posthumous work, I should cer- 
tainly have thought it an interpolation. It will re- 
ward your curiosity to read it. Amidst a great deal 
of false facts positively affirmed, there are two ob- 
jections “stadt a and barely hinted at, that are very 
strong. This is another mystery. However, I 
have drawn them out in their full force, that nothing 
might be disguised. 

am, dear Sir, with the truest esteem, your very 
affectionate and faithful servant, W. Warpurton. 


LETTER VIII. 


For the Rev. Mr. N. Forster. 


Dear Sir, Dec. 24, 1749. 

T have the favour of yours.—I was sensible of the 
difficulty of 2 75 iegs. I have weighed it much, if 
not well; and, in my examination of Basnage, have 
endeavoured toshew thatitsignifies the same as éx rav 
Deperlav +5 vas —as iegtv is a generic word, which 
signifies as well the site of an holy building, as the 
building itself. Basnage supposes Gregory meant 
the fire came from the Jewish Tem le re-built. So- 
zomene, I have shewn, supposes that the fire came 
from the foundations of the Jewish Temple; but mis- 


Christian Father on this occasion, his evidence had soon become 
as suspected as that of the Jewish Historian where he speaks of 
Curis; which one of the ablest and most candid of his Critics has 
fairly condemned for an Imposture. .. This Miracle, without ques- 
tion, Marcellinus no less than the Worker of Mira- 
cles distressed the other Historian ; whose case the excellent Writer 
just now mentioned has well described. But, had posterity made 
equally free with both, I should have despaired of disengaging my 
Author with the address and abilities he has served Josephus.” 
Warburton's Works, Svo, vol, VIII, p. 104. 
takes 


166 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


takes in supposing G y meant that this destruc- 
tion disppened ata Widiceone dies from the fire which 
destroyed the workmen in the foundations. It is cer- 
tainly a perplexed passage. And I agree with you, 
if one could make lightning out of it (which is anin- 
genious thought) weshould have what we want, a con- 
temiporary evidence for the lightning. So is the other, 
in the conclusion, 7 Satna Se. I supposed wag’ 
éavr meant upon their bodies, in opposition to 
toig iotipact. It is certain neither Socrates, Sozo- 
mene, nor Theodoret mention any on their body. But 
might not this be the reason ? Those on their cloaths 
endured a long time, the heat of their bodies soon 
wore out the other; and it was natural to think that 
which lasted the longest would strike the general ob- 
servation most. 

As to the third passage, xa ariseirw, I was sur- 
prized to see it was ers wyd_, which undoubtedly re- 
quires your sense. I had not the book by me, so 
was forced to translate from transcripts of the Greek 
texts which I got from my friends; where, instead of 
ers ponds, it was es de yy, or et pyde, I forget which. I 
shall look into Gregory when I go to town; and, if it 
be ers de, I shall re-print the leaf, for there is no 
doubt of your sense. 

I believe Dr. Hodges * was the man the Dean of 
Christ Church -+ once mentioned to me on a certain 
oceasion, and spoke of him as a man of great can- 
dour;, to whom I was obliged, But I may be mis- 
taken in the head. But poor Job! — how are his 
persecutions increased since his three Comforters 
left him? We next find him bound hand and foot 
in a strong Catena of Greek Fathers, and delivered 


* Walter Hodges, of Oriel College, Oxford: M. A. 1717; 
Prebendary of Rochester 17.. ; Provost of Oriel 1727; B. and 
D. D.1728; and Vice-chancellor in 1742 and 1743. He died 
Jan. 14, 1757, and was buried at Rochester. 

+ John Conybeare, D. D.; Dean of Christ Church 1732; Bp. 
of Bristol 1752; died Feb. 13, 1755. 


down 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. FORSTER. 167 


down in this condition to the Tormentors, Pineda, 
Caryl, Wesley, Garnet*, &c. But, you will say, lam 
to answer for the last. Perhaps so. However, pray 
do not reckon me among Job's Hangmen. At worst, 
1 only acted the part of bis wife, and was for making 
short work with him. But he seems to be reseryed 
for endless punishment ; and, with a fate not unhke 
that of Prometheus, to be chained down to his dung- 
hill, and to have his brains sucked out by Owls +. 
You will act unfriendly by me, if you suffer any 
business to be interrupted by writing tome. ‘fhe 
notice friends give one another of their health and 
their good-will is, and should be, always reserved 
for an idle hour. It is sufficient we are assured our 
friends think of us; and we should never suspect that 
they forget us because we do not hear from them. 
Brave you seen the little Tully of Glasgow? ‘It is 
very elegant, possibly it may be correct. There is 
one foolish singularity in it, some notes to the “ De 
Oratore,” and to no other. I do not know whether 
this was done in compliment to Pearce, or to break 
a lance with him. The Milton in which the Bi- 
shop || has so large a share is, you see, published. 
I will not tell you what I think of it, not because 
my name is seen there (for what goes along with it 
is too trifling and too little to make any alteration in 
the character of the edition, whether it be good or 
bad), but because it is of no moment what I think. 
I heartily wish you all the good this season brings 
with it to any one; and am, dear Sir, your faithful 
and affectionate humble servant, W. Warpurron. 
* “ A Dissertation on the Book of Job, by J, Garnet. 1749.” 
+ Bp. Warburton was in the frequent habit, when any thing 
remarkable occurred to his imagination, to write the same thing 
to various Correspondents. This paragraph, for instance, occurs, 
in the same words, in a Letter to Mr. Hurd, Dee, 23, 1749. 
¢ Published by Robert and Andrew Foulis. 
§ Dr. Zachary Pearce, Bp. of Rochester. Dr. Pearce pub- 
lished an edition of ‘« Cicero de Oratore.” 
l} Dr. Newton's Edition of the ‘‘ Paradise Lost,” with Notes 
ef various Authors, 
LETTER 


168 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


LETTER IX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Forster. 


Dear Sir, Bedford-Row, Feb. 5, 1749-50. 

My remove, and my constant dissipations, pre+ 
vented, till now, my acknowledging the favour of 

our last. You have seen this strange phenomenon, 
Middleton's book * against the Bishop of London. 
Inter nos, it appears to me to be the weakest as well 
as warmest book he ever wrote. 

It is not on this account that I think to re-print the 
first sheet of Julian, and leave out most of the in- 
troduction concerning Middleton’s book; but be- 
cause some considerable persons, whose judgment is 
unquestionable, and who are enough prejudiced in 
favour of Middleton, yet think that it is better 
omitted, both on account of offence, and because it 
looks like an apprehension of Middleton’s pen. You 
will give me your opinion. Though I have not got 
much more from the press, yet I am in hopes of 
having it out in March, and am now going on in 
good earnest. I wish I could tell you any news 
worth a reasonable man to hear, or a good man’s re- 
joicing at. But what must we think of the times, 
when the only interesting affair on the carpet is the 
scrutiny of Vanderput and Trentham’s poll; who, 
if they had been born two wrestlers or boxers on a 
country green, would have had neither courage nor 
dexterity enough to prevent their being hissed out 
of the circle! and yet there is an assembly which 
waits one of them, and could find work for both. 

Dear Sir, believe me to be, with the most unalter- 
able esteem and regard, your very affectionate and 
faithful friend, W. Warsurton. 


® £ Free Inquiry into the Miraculous Powers,” &c. see p. 176. 


LETTER 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. FORSTER. 169 


LETTER X. 


To the Rev. Dr. Forster. 
Dear Sir, Prior Park, April 3, 1750. 

The newspapers remind me to congratulate with 

ou on the conclusion of your noble labours on the 

ebrew Bible*. You must congratulate too with me 
ona much less occasion, the finishing what I have 
to say at present of Julian. I say at present; for, 
ou will see, this volume promises another. For 
can promise like a young courtier, and perform like 
an old one. I hope it will be finished in a few days, 
I have ordered one to be sent to you; and as for the 
sheets you have, pray either burn them, or send them 
to me, which will be most convenient. 

You see how Middleton is paid off for meddling 
with the Bishop of London. Every week launches 
two or three thunderbolts at his head. This cannot 
astonish him more than the late Earthquakes have 
done the City of London. ‘They seem to suspect 
that a third shock of an Earthquake will be as fatal 
and as certain as the third fit of an Apoplexy. How- 
ever, if it does but contribute to put some stop to 
this torrent of vice and impiety, ready to overwhelm 
all things, it will be well. — Pray God it may! 

The greatest mischief these Earthquakes havedone 
hitherto is widening the crack in old Will Whis- 
ton’s noddle, who is now grown as_ mad as Oliver's 
Porter with his breeches full of Bibles. I always 
except the fall of the Pinnacles at Westminster. 
Where was the genius loci of the School, when this 
disaster happened? Perhaps in the office of Diana 
when her ‘Temple was on fire, midwifing to some 
Minerva of the brain, which is to inform an immor- 
tal epigram at the next election of scholars. 

Dear Sir, believe me to be your most affectionate 
and faithful humble servant, =W. Warburton. 


* « Biblia Hebraica, sine Punctis, accurante Nath. Forster, 
8.T,P. Oxon. 1750.” 
‘ To 


170, . ILLUSTRATIONS | OF LITERATURE, 


To the Rev. Mr. Tuomas Bateuy. 


Dear Sir, Prior Park, June 21, 1752. 

“You have heard of the death of the poor Bishop of 
Durham *. The Church could have spared some 
other Prelates much better; and, in its present con- 
dition, could but ill spare him; for his morals and 
serious sense of Religion (to say nothing of his in- 
tellectual endowments) did honour to his station, 
His death is particularly unhappy for his Chaplain, 
Dr. Forster+-. He is my friend, whom I much va- 
lue, as one of great worth, and whose ill luck I much 
lament. He has not only seen his hopes drop through, 
when he was every thing but in the very possession 
of them; but has lost a Patron who deserves the 
nanie of Friend; which goes much harder in the se- 
paration than the other. W. Warzurton. , 


* Dr. Joseph Butler ; of whom, contrasting him with another 
eminent Prelate, he elsewhere thus speaks: “ Dr, Secker’s chief 
merit (and surely it was a very great one) lay in explaining clearly 
and popularly, in his Sermons, the principles delivered by his 
friend Bp. Butler in his famous Book of The Analogy, and in. 
shewing the important use of them to Religion.” 

Warburton’s Works, 8vo. vol. I. p. 69. 

t “Poor Forster (whom I have just received a Letter from) 
is overwhelmed with desolation for the loss of his master [Bp. 
Butler]. 1 quoted his case to our friend Balguy for his consola- 
tion, But you say, I will have no master ; which, I confess, is the 
best consolation of all. Reckon upon it, that Durham goes to 
some Noble Ecclesiastic *. It is a morsel only for them. Our Gran- 
dees have at last found their way back into the Church. 1 only won- 
der they have been so Jong about it. But be assured that nothing 
but a new religious revolution, to sweep away the fragments that 
Harry the Eighth left, after banqueting his Courtiers, will drive 
them out again. The Church has been of old the cradle and 
the throne of the younger Nobility, And this Nursing Mother 
will, I hope, once more vie with old imperious Berecynthia: 

Leta Deim partu, centum complexa Nepotes, 
Omnes Ceelicolas, omnes supera alta tenentes.” 
Letier to Mr. Hurd, July 5, 1752. 


* This conjecture was nearly right. The successors in the See of Durham 
have been Trevor, Egerion, Thurlow, and Barrington. 
Dr. 


DR. FORSTER TO MR. BIRCH. 171 


Dr. N. Forsrer to Mr. Breen *. 
Dear Sir, C.C.C. Feb. 1, 1753. 


In answer to the favour of yours, I have to desire 
you to tt my respects to Mr. Yorke ; and to ac- 
quaint him that I shall with great pleasure endeavour 
to execute the commissions with which he has ho- 
noured me, to the best of my power. 

There is, as far as I can yet leatn, but one MS. 
of Pliny in Oxford, viz. in Baliol College Library. 

The Letter, which I apprehend Mr. Yorke would 
have transcribed, is one from the Hague, dated the 
$d of August 1615, to King James, containing the 
answer of the States to a proposition made by the 
King, and an account of the causes of the delay of 
the treaty, and of a project formed by Sir Henry 
himself for settling the affair of Juliers, &c. But, 
as I would willingly leave no room for mistake in the 
affair, a line from you in answer to this question 
will oblige, Sir, your most obedient and humble 
servant, N. Forster. 

P. S. The chief thing that occasions my doubt 
is, that there is no appearance of a vindication of 
himself in that Letter. ‘There is indeed another, re- 
lating to the surprize of Wesel, in which he vindi- 
cates himself from some aspersions relating to it. 


To Dr. N. Forster. 

Reverend Sir, Feb. 3, 1753. 
Mr. Yorke thinks himself highly obliged for your 
kindness to comply with his requests; and would 
now beg that you would procure copies of both the 
Letters of Sir Henry Wotton mentioned by you: 
for, though that relating to the surprize of Wesel 
was that he meant, yet, as that of the 3d of August 
1615, will probably give light to the other, he 
is desirous of both. With his and my own com- 

pliments, Iam, &c. T. Bircu. 


* Birch MSS. 4307. 
EXTRACTS 


{ 172] 


EXTRACTS OF ORIGINAL LETTERS * 
From Mr. WARBURTON ro Mr, JORTIN. 


awe Ss 


[1749. , 
You tell me you have had reasons to decline a 
City Living. I can conceive no good one, but that 


* Originally printed by Mr. Maty in his ‘““ New Review ;” but, 
from obvious reasons, the name of Dr, Jortin was then studiously 
concealed. Mr. Maty’s sister was the wife of Dr. Jortin’s son. 
This led to the communication; which Mr. Maty thus intro- 
duces : “ A Friend, who was pleased with my last Extracts from 
the Correspondence between Bp. Warburton and Dr. Birch, 
having been kind enough to communicate to me some more Ma- 
nuseript Letters of the Bishop, with a desire that I should use 
them at my discretion ; I have great pleasure in conveying these 
to the publick ; as 1 am convinced they will do honour to that 
great man, whose philanthropy, greatness of mind, and true 
spirit of Christian toleration, will never appear in a more striking 
light than they do in these private memorials; which, I am per- 
suaded, could he look down from those regions, where, 

His tears, his little triumphs o'er, 

His human passions move no more, 

Save charity that glows beyond the grave, 
he would not be offended at the publication of them. When I 
say this, Ido not mean to flatter him, or any of his' surviving 
friends, for some of whom I profess great respect. He certainly 
had his faults; but, besides that none of them appear in my 
publication (except his openness of speech, and his manly plea~ 
santry about fools, fur which I reverence him, may be deemed 
such), they are such as all the world has long been acquainted 
with. They are, indeed, so notorious, that, if it had been my 
intention to depreciate his character in an Ana, I should not have 
had recourse to private letters, but have compiled it out of his 
works, or the five hundred stories of him about town. As to the 
boldness of his judgments about literary characters, and particu- 
larly his saying that Sir Isaac Newton did not understand Egyptian 
Antiquities, that Clarke wanted sagacity, and that Markland and 
Taylor were no great criticks ; what are they more than Voltaire’s 
notliking Shakespeare, Scaliger’sprefering the Eneid to the . 

an 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 173 


you are going to Court *. If you be, I will give 
you the same farewell that Bucholeer, an honest dull 
German, gave to one of his friends who was making 
that journey: Fidem Diabolorum tibi commendo, &c. 


Bleterie's Life is indeed a very elegant one, and 
writ with much candour and impartiality. He is no 
deep man in the learning of those times, but his 
good sense generally enables him to seize the right. 
It is no wonder he should be imposed on by ———, 
when the gross body of our Parsons are his dupes. 
Butas Trinculo, who wants to carry Calibaninto Eng- 
land, observes that any thing there makes a Mun, 
so any thing makes a Divine among our Parsons. 
Our real Scholars and Divines, the magnanimi heroes, 
nati melioribus annis, have made our Learning vene- 
rated abroad. Our traders in letters have taken ad- 
vantage of that prejudice, and puff off all their mi- 
serable trash as master-pleces, even to that infamous 
rhapsody called The Universal History. And the 
deceit was easy. It was impossible for foreigners to 
pi per: our body of readers are tinkers, coblers, 
and carmen; so that when they saw the impatience 
of this learned publick so great that they would not 
stay for a whole book, but devour it sheet by sheet 


and my (who am neither a Scaliger, nor a Warburton, nor yet, 
thank God, a Voltaire) falling asleep over Don Quixote—which, 
I publish now to the world, I often do, that it may not be a 
novelty in my manuscripts! Valeant omnia hac quantum valere 
possunt.. For what I know, the Bishop may be perfectly in the 
right in all those assertions ; or, as the French say, there may be 
from more to less in it; or, if we may not say either of these 
without risking the reputation of our own critical acumen, it is 
only saying with Markland (who seems to have been a very ami- 
able mam, whatever kind of Critick he was) ina letter before me 
about Reiske’s atrocious false quantities, ‘ We differ from himin 
innumerable things, as every man does from every man !' ” 

* A City Living was offered to him, in July or August 1749, 
by Lord Chancellor Hardwicke ; but it was so small, as at that, 
time not to be worth his acceptance. 

fram 


174 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


from the press, they conceived something very ex- 
quisite in what was so impatiently snatched at: for 
we are under the unavoidable necessity, in our gene- 
ral judgment of things, to estimate of foreign ware 
according to the sale and demand of it; and if our 
worst books (as they do) sell best at home, they will 
be known and read abroad. I believe I could give 
you a long list of capital English books, that were 
never heard of on the Continent, farther than their 
titles to be found in some brave dull German Cata- 
logue. 


Have you read the octavo Book, addressed to the 
Convocation, for mending the Bible and the Litur- 

*? Tam much edified by the Christian spirit in 
which their demands for reformation are made; but 
a more wretched farrago of ignorance and trifling 
when they play the critick (which now-a-days is 
only another word for playing the fool) I never saw. 


Perhaps your comparison of Printers to Taylors 
is more pat than you intended: for why can’t you 
get your cloaths from a rascally Taylor, but because 
he is working for half a dozen fops in the fashion ? 
And why can’t you get your sheets from the Prin- 
ter, but because he is working upon Newspapers, 
Journals, and Magazines, the delight of the town, 
and the daily bread of town scribblers ? 

You mention John of Antioch, with two writers 
contemporary to the fact, Ambrose and Gregory Na- 
zianzen ; but I suppose he did not live till the fifth 
or sixth century. One thing I find recorded of him 
is, that, like many of our modern Bishops, he was 
not known or heard of till after his consecration. 
His modesty does him honour with me; therefore I 


* ‘ Free and Candid Disquisitions, 1749.” 
should 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. YORTIN. 175 


should be glad to know what this respectable person 
says about this matter; if he says any thing particu- 
lar: for, to tell you the truth, I did not find him in 
my brief, as the Lawyers say; but I suspect him to 
be a'shag-rag. — Another thing I beg of you is, to 
transcribe for me (if you can catch him) Ruffinus’s 
testimony. ‘He is such'a vagabond, I cannot lay 
shands on him; I suppose him skulking in some Bib- 
liotheca Patrum. ae for that forlorn hope, Theo- 
doret, Philostorgius, Nicephoras, and Theophanes, 
I shall put them where they can do no hurt ;as to 
good, little is to be expected from such poltroons, 
who are ready to run away to the enemy *. 


* Innearly the whole of these Letters to Mr. Jortin, as well as 
those to Dr. Forster, Juxtan is the leading article of enquiry. 
In truth, this was one of the most laboured of all his works ; 
and his anxiety respecting it ceased not evenafter its publication, 
Ina Letter addressed to Dr, Balguy, Jan. 17, 1751-2, he says, 
“ They tell me there are some remarks published against my Ju- 
lian. Ido not know the nature of them, nor ever shall. That 
matter interests every Clergyman, that is to say, every Christian,. 
in England, as much as myself. Besides, I give my sentiments 
to the publick, and there is an end. If any body will oppose them, 
he has leave, If any body will defend them, he has my 
thanks. 1 propound them freely: I explain them as clearly, and 
enforce them as strongly, as Ican. 1 think I owe no more either 
to myself or truth. Iam sure I owe no more to the publick. 
Besides, I know a little (as you will see by the new edition of the 
first and second-volumes of The Divine Legation) how to correct 
myself; so have less needs of this assistance from others ; which 
you will better understand, when you see that I have not received 
the least assistance from the united endeavours of that numerous 
band of answerers, who have spared no freedoms in telling me of 
my faults.” — Again, May 12, 1752: <* I think you judge rightly 
of the effects of Lord Bolingbroke’s writings, as well as of their 
character. As to his Discourse on the Canon of Scripture, I 
think it below all criticism, though it had mine. He mentions 
‘and I believe, with good faith) that foolish rabbinical tale of 
* restoring the whole lost canon by Inspiration : and argues 

from it.. However, the redoubtable pen of Sykes, though now 
worn to the stump, is drawn upon him; or, at least, threatened 
to be drawn. He threatened, too, to draw it upon poor Julian’ 
but he left the execution to another. And who do you think that 
other proves? Somebody or other, by far more curious than 
myself, would unearth this vermin: and he is found to be one 
Nicolls, 


176 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


As to Meric Casaubon’s story, I could have wished 
to have had not only the cooking, but the catching 
of that game. j 


At Oxford, Mr. Forster * says, they expect a de- 
luge of answerers against Middleton +, by the first 
frost; for our cold and barren heads run not like 
those of the Alps in summer, but in winter, except, 
that which overtops us all, the hoary brow of Whis- 
ton, which, like Mount,Jura, runs both in summer 
and in winter. f 


introduces his abuse on you, by saying, 
that you got a receipt for him of Sir Edward Hulse, 
that saved his life. Poor Mr. Pope received just 
such a favour from Southcote t, and he never was 
easy till he got him a rich Abbey in Flanders, which 
he did by the interest of Sir Robert Walpole and 
his brother Horace, with the Court of France; on 
which account it was, he always spared those two in 


Nicolls *, which your University some time ago prosecuted for 
stealing their books, or rather should have prosecuted. Have I 
not reason to blame them for their ill-timed clemency ? Had they 
hanged him, as Justice called upon them to do, my book had been 
safe, It is true, he has not fulfilled the old proverb, but rather 
contributed to a new one, ‘ Save a rogue from the gallows, and 
——he will endeavour to save his fellow.’ 1 had gibbeted up 
Julian, and he comes by night to cut bim down,” 

* Dr. Nathaniel Forster ; see before, p, 162. 

+ His “ Free Inquiry into the Miraculous Powers which are 
supposed to have subsisted in the Christian Church from the ear- 
liest ages, through several successive centuries, 1749." Innume- 
rable answerers now appeared against him; two of whom, 
namely, Dodwell and Church, distinguished themselves with so 
much zeal and ability, that they were complimented by the Uni. 
versity of Oxford with the degree of D. D. 

t Mr. Pope’s Friend was the Rey. Edward Southcote, a Cler-_ 
gyman of the Church of Rome, and the last male heir of Judge 
Southcote in Queen Elizabeth's time. 


* Dr. Philip Nicolls, Author of several Livesin the “ Biographia Britan- 
nica,” and distinguished by the name of The Penitent Thief. 
his 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 177 


his Satires, and highly complimented the elder. 
Let my soul be with a Pidivacpbar like this, rather 
than such a Christian as " 

I took notice of an article in the Newspapers, 
which said, it was not true that you had received a 
Living from Lord Aylesbury. Who this Lord Ayles- 
bury is, I know not *; but I was pleased with the no- 
yelty of the paragraph, as if it was a scandal that 
your friends were willing to remove you; and in- 
deed, as Lords go now, there is no great honour to 
receive favours from them. 

Lauder has offered much amusement for the pub- 
lick, and they are obliged to him-. What the 
publick wants, or subsists on, is news. Milton was 
their reigning favourite; yet they took it well of a 
man they had never heard of before, to tell them the 
news of Milton’s being a thief and a plagiary ; had 
he been proved a———, it had pleased them much 
better. When this was no longer news, they were 
equally delighted with another, as much a stranger 
to them {, who entertained them with another piece 
of news, that Lauder was a plagiary and an impostor: 
had he proved him a Jesuit in disguise, nothing 
had equaled the satisfaction. We bear this humour 
in the publick; but, when particulars have imbibed 


* There was then no Lord Aylesbury.—Thomas Bruce Brude- 
nell, youngest son of George third Earl of Cardigan, succeeded to 
the title of Lord Bruce of Tottenham on the death of Charles Karl 
of Aylesbury in 1747 ; and was created Earl of Aylesbury in 1776. 

+ “have just read the most silly and knavish book I ever saw ; 
one Lauder, on Milton's Imitations. An observation at the bottom 
of 44, and the top of 45, proves him either the one or the other 
with a vengeance. If there are those things in Musenius, why did 
he not produce them? They are of more weight to prove his 
charge than all he says besides. If they are not, he is a knave, 
I think he has produced about half a dozen particular thoughts 
that look like imitations — but the matter of Imitation is a thing 
very little understood. However, in one view, the book does not 
displease me. It is likely enough to mortify all the silly adorers 
of Milton, who deserve to be laughed at.” 

. Letter to Mr. Hurd, Dec. 23, 1749. 

t Dr. Douglas, afterwards the very exemplary Bp. of Salisbury, 
4id not long remain a stranger to the literary publick, f 

VOL. UL, N this 


178 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


this public spirit, nothing is so detestable as such a 
character, anda man without a heart needs a public 
expiation more than a beast without one.’ I know 
some of these monsters; and so do you, I dare say, 
more than you esteem them. It is a pity that they 
should be sometimes men of wit. 


Prior Park, Feb. 24, 1749-50. 

I had no sooner got hither, but my housemaid 
wrote me a very disagreeable piece of news. Some 
rogues have stripped the lead off my stables and 
coach-house in Bedford-row. This is a considerable 
damage; for I never expect the lead will come to 
light. Pray resolve me in this Case of Conscience. 
May I with critical justice charge the theft upon my 
mortal enemies, those great dealers in lead, the 
Gentlemen of the Dunciad?. If they have done me 
this injury, it is the greatest they ever did, or can 
do me*. 


Prior Park, Feb. 28, 1749-50. 
I hope your apprehensions of the Larthquake + 
abate. Folks seem to regard the third stroke of an 


* This pleasantry he transplanted, nearly verbatim, ina Letter 
to Mr. Hurd, of the same date. ; 
+ ‘« Pray did you feel either of these Earthquakes? They have 
made Whiston ten times madder than ever. He went to an ale- 
house at Mile-end, to see one, who, it was said, had predicted the 
Earthquakes. The man told him, it was true, and that he had it 
from an Angel. Whiston rejected this as apocryphal ; for he was 
well assured that, if the favour of this secret was to be communi- 
cated to any one, it would be to himself. He is so enraged at Mid- 
dleton, that he has just now quarreled downright with the Speaker 
[Onslow] for having spoke a good word for him many years ago 
in the affair of the Mastership of the Charter-house. The Speaker 
the other day sent for him to dinner; he said, ‘he would not 
come.’ ‘I'he Lady sent ; ‘ he would not come.’ Shé went to him, 
and clambered up into his garret, to ask him about the Earth- 
quake! He told her, ¢ m, you are a virtuous woman ; you 
need not fear: none but the wicked will be destroyed. You will 
escape. I would not give the same promise to your husband.'— 
What will this poor Nation come to! in the condition of troops 
between two fires; the madness of Irreligion and the madness of 

Fanaticism !"—Letter to Mr. Hurd, Feb... , 1749-50. 
Earthquake 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 179 


Earthquake to be as certain and as fatal as the third 
stroke of an Apoplexy. But Dean Clarke *, who 
is now at Bath, and whom Lord Fitzwalter + calls the 
greatest Philosopher in the world, still affirms it 
to be an Airquake ; in confirmation of which, he 
has a hundred circumstances to produce: for he is not 
like your vulgar Philosophers, who only invent hy- 
potheses, and fit the phenomena to them as well as 
they can, which sometimes is lamely enough. He 
can invent the phenomena too, and so saves a world 
of labour, which, by the common rule of false, 
serves him as Algebra does the Geometer. 


July 30, 1750. 
This morning I had a letter from Cambridge, ac- 
quainting me with Dr, Middleton’s death}. “ He 


* Of Caius College, Cambridge, B. A. 1702; M. A. 1706; 
D.D. Com. Reg. 1717. He was appointed a Prebendary of Can- 
terbury in 1725 ; and Dean of Salisbury in 1728. He published 

ight Sermons preached at Boyle’s Lecture ; and a single Sermon 
in 1782, “The Character of a good Magistrate.” He died Feb. 
6, 1757; and was buried in Salisbury Cathedral. 

+ Benjamin Mildmay, Lord Fitzwalter, was created May 14, 
1730, Viscount Harwich, and Earl Fitzwalter. In 1735 he was 
sworn of the Privy Council, and appointed a Commissioner of 
Trade and Plantations; and in 1737 Treasurer of the King’s 
Household. He married Lady Frederica, a daughter of Mein- 
herdt, Duke of Schomberg, and widow of Robert Earl of Holder- 
ness; and dying Feb. 29, 1756, without surviving issue, the Vis- 
county and Idom became extinct, and the Barony of Fitzwal- 
ter fell into abeyance. 

t “I hear Dr, Middleton has been lately at London, (I sup- 
pose to consult Dr. Heberden about his health), and is returned 
in an extreme bad condition. The scribblers against him will 
say they have killed him; but, by what Mr. Yorke tells me, his 

i will dispute the honour of his death with them. Seri- 
ously lam much concerned for the poor man; and wish he 
may recover with all my heart.” Letter to Mr. Hurd, July 
14, 1750.—“Dr. Middleton had been well acquainted with 
Dr, Heberden at Cambridge, where he flourished in great repu- 
tation for several years before he removed to London, He 
has now [1794], for some time past, declined all business ; 

n@ but, 


180 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


‘declared,” says my letter, “ a few days ago, that he 
‘should die with that composure of mind which he 
thought must be the enjoyment of every man who 
had been a sincere searcher after Truth ; expressed 
some concern that he felt his strength and spirits 
decline so fast, that he could not complete some de- 
signs he had then in hand *: and that he ima- 
gined he had given the Miracles of the early ages 
such a blow as they would not easily recover.” 

I do not see how the mere discovery of Truth af- 
fords such pleasure. If this Truth be, that the 
Providence of God governs the moral as well as na- 
tural world; and that, in compassion to human dis- 
tresses, he has revealed his will to mankind, by 
which we are enabled to get the better of them, by 
a restoration to his favour, I can easily conceive the 
pleasure that, at any period of life, must accompany 
such a discovery. But, if the Truth discovered be 
that we have no farther share in God than as we 

partake of his natural government of the Universe ; 
or that all there is in his moral government is only 
the natural necessary effects of Virtue and Vice upon 
human agents here, and that all the pretended Re- 
velations of an hereafter were begot by fools, and 
hurried up by knaves ; if this, I say, be our boasted 
discovery, it must, I think, prove a very uncomfort- 
able contemplation, especially in our last hours. 
But every man has his taste. I only speak for my- 
but, through the whole course of it, was the most esteemed 
of any Physician I ever knew, not only for his skill, but genero- 
sity, in the exercise of his profession —My own personal obli- 
gations to him must be my excuse for the liberty I take in paying 
this small tribute of respect to his merit and character.” 

Bp. Hurd, in Warburton's Works, 8vo. vol. I. p. 56. 

* He was meditating a general answer to all the objections 
made against the “ Free Inquiry ;" when, being seized with illness, 
and imagining he might not be able to go through it, he singled 
out Church and Dodwell, as the two most considerable of his ad- 
versaries, and employed himself in preparing a particular answer 
tothem. This, however, he did not live to finish, but died, of a 
slow hectic fever and disorder in his liver, on the 28th of July, 
1750, in his 67th year. 

self. 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 181 


self. All that I hope and wish is, that the Scribblers 
will let his memory alone: for though (after the 
approbation of the good and wise) one cannot wish 
any thing better for one’s self, or one’s friend, than 
to be heartily abused by them in this life, because it 
is as certain a sign of one’s merit, as a dog’s barking 
at the Moon is of her brightness; yet the veil 
that Death draws over us is so sacred, that the throw- 
ing dirt there has been esteemed at.all times, and by 
all people, a profanation. If the Romans suffered 
their slaves to abuse their Heroes on the day of tri- 
umph, they would have regarded the same ribaldries 
with horror at their funerals. 

As to Dodwell ; I believe Middleton, when he first 
commended his book, overshot himself in his poli- 
tics. He had an early design of answering his Book, 
and he had a mind to make it a little considerable by 
his commendations. But the publick, which is ea- 
sily a“ took him at his word, and so, by duping 
themselves, duped him, and reduced him to the ne- 
cessity of crying down what he had cried up.—But 
now what Dunce is it to whom the publick will give 
the honour of his death? For the literate vulvar 
deal as mueh in murders of this kind, as the i/lite- 
rate, in the - so demeaee which overtake murderers: 
I believe as few men die of the rage or envy of 
Dunces, as of the frowns of their Mistresses: and 
there is as little mischief done by literary as by ama- 
Looe earl am well assured the farthest this 
unhappy man went with regard to Revelation was 
only to suspend his belief; and this not so much 
from the force of any particular objections against it, 
as from his natural turn to academic scepticism. I 
have letters from him, which convince meof the truth 
of what I say. But this will be credited by all who 
see (as every body may by examining) that this is 
the key to his writings on religious subjects, and the 
only one that can clear up all the ambignities and 
seeming inconsistencies in his. conduct, iy 

do 


182 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


1750. 

I do not at all disapprove of your parting with 
your Library *; for I am fully persuaded Mr. Pope’s 
prophecy will be fulfilled before Will Whiston’s : 
and that his son Jack will see to the end of Learning 
before the Father gets to the beginning of his Mil- 
lennium. However, do not be over-hasty; for your 
books will sell best when there is nobody that can 
understand them. That thriving Auctioneer will tell 
you there are always the most buyers where there are 
the fewest readers, This is the best reason I have 
why you should suspend your project. For the rest, 
if you would get up into the higher forms, you 
must riow do at Lambeth-+ what you formerly did at 
the Charter-house }, learn your aes without book, 
T confess myself a dunce: I could never learn this 
necessary trick, neither in youth nor age; and have 
thriven accordingly. But my friends have more 
cause to regret that than I. 


Dear Sir §, October ..., 1750. 

You desired to have a more particular account of 
a certain Prophecy of one Rice Evans, which you 
haye heard some of your. friends speak of in terms 
of astonishment ; as] have his Book, which is scarce, 
Tam able to give you that satisfaction. But it may 
not be amiss first to let you into the character of the 
Prophet... Rice Evans lived and flourished in the 
last century, during the time of our civil confusions. 
He was a warm Welshman, and not disposed to be 
an idle spectator in so busy ascéne. So he left his na- 
tive country for London ; and finding, on his arrival 


* This does not appear to have taken place. 

{ Alluding to his intimacy with Abp. Herring, with whom he 
had been acquainted at College, and who was through life his 
kind and constant friend. 

¢ Where Jortin had received the early part of his education. 

§ First printed in Jortin’s “‘ Remarks on Ecclesiastical His- 
tory,” vol. I. p.379.—This volume, though dated in 1751, was 
published in December 1750 ;—“ Julian” in the April preceding. 

there 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 183 


there, that Inspiration was all running one way, 
he prajected to make a diversion of it from the 
Round-heads to the Cavaliers, and set up for a Pro- 
phet of the Royalists. He did and said many ex- 
traordinary things to the Grandees of both parties : 
and it must be owned, he had a spice of what we 
seldom find wanting in the ingredients of a modern 
Prophet; Imean, Prevarication*. Of thishe hashim- 
self given usa notable example, in the 42d page of his 
Tract, called, dn Eccho from Heaven, &c. which, 
_ because it contains an uncommon fetch of wit, I 
shall transcribe. ‘‘ There are two confessions,” says 
he, “ subscribed by my hand in the City of London, 
which, if not now, in after-ages will be considered. 
The one was made at the Spittle, and subscribed 
with the right hand, in the aforesaid vestry, before 
Sir Walter Earl; and that is a confession made by 
the inner man, or new man. The other confession 
is a confession of the flesh, called the outward man, 
or old man; and the confession I made before Green 
the Recorder], and subscribed with the /eft hand, as 
the difference in the writing, being compared, will 
make it appear. I know the Bench and the people 
thought I recanted; but, alas! they were deceived.” 
* “ My thoughts are the same with Mr. Warburton’s, that 
the Visions of Evans are a curiosity deserving to be known, but 
not a foundation to build any thing upon. If there be in them 
any forgery, which the difference between the first and second 
editions once inclined me to suspect, they who can detect it 
will oblige us and many others by the discovery.’ Evans says, 
p. 16 of Edit. 1652,— << Being perfectly a —a voice — 
said to me, Go to thy book, whereupon — I suddenly started 
up and to the table I went, where my Bible lay open, immedi- 
ately fastening my eyes upon Ephes. v. 14. being these words, 
Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the 
dead, and Christ shall give thee light, &c. The same thing he 
did at other times. Evans,who was illiterate, ‘little thought that 
he was practising a kind of divination in great request among the 
Pagans, and the ancient Jews and Christians, who had recourse 
to their Sortes Homerice, Virgiliane, Evangelice, and Biblice. 
same causes produce the same effects; and nuthing is more 
like one Enthusiast, Mystic, Caballist, or Quietist, than another.” 
: J, Jortin. 
Well 


184 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Well, but this very man has in the 77 and 78 
of this “ Eccho, printed for the Author in 
12mo, and soldat his house in Long Alley in Black 
Friers, 1653, Second Edition *, with additions,” a 
Prophecy which astonishes all who carefully consi- 
der it. It is in these words : ; 
. © A Vision that I had presently after the King’s 
death.—I thought that I wasin a great hall, like the 
Shire-hall in the Castle in Winchester, and there 
was none there but a Judge that sat upon the Bench, 
and myself; and as I turned to a window North-west- 
ward, and looking into the palm of my hand, there 
appeared to me a face, head, and shoulders, like the 
Lord Fairfax’s, and presently it vanished again; then 
arose the Lord Cromwell, and he vanished likewise ; 
then arose a young face, and he had a crown upon 
his head, and he vanished also ; and another young 
face arose with a crown on his head, and he va- 
nished also; and another. young face arose with a 
crown upon his head, and he vanished also ; and ano- 
ther young face arose with a crown upon his head, 
and vanished in like manner: And as I turned the 
palm of my hand back again to me, and looked, 
there did appear no more in it. Then I turned to 
the Judge, and said to him, There arose in my hand 
seven, and five of them had crowns; but, when I 
turned my hand, the blood turned to its veins, and 
there appeared no more: so I awoke.—The inter- 
pretation of. this Vision is, that after the Lord 
Cromwell there shall be Kings again in England, 
which thing is signified unto us by those that arose 
after him, who were all crowned, but the generations 
to come may look for a change of the blood, and of 
the name in the royal seat after five Kings reigne 
once passed. 2 Kings x. 30.” 


* It is observable, that in the first Edition, printed in the year 
1652, Evans reckons up five, not four young faces in his hand, 
and he concludes only thus: “ All that I apprehend by this vision 
is, that after the Lord Cromwell we shall have a king again in 


land” 9, J; 
ad The 


MR, WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 185 


~ The words referred to in this text are these: And 
the Lord said unto Jehu, because thou hast done 
well, &e. thy Children of the fourth Generation 

shall sit on the throne of Israel. 
~The Restoration of the Monarchy is here plainly 
predieted ; together with the Crown’s passing from 
the House of Stuart into another family. But the 
Prophet at first sight appears to be doubtful about the 
number of reigns before that event. | He reckons up 
in his hand only four successions to the Monarchy; 
yet, in his speech to the Judge, he calls them five ; 
in his interpretation he says the change shall be after 
the reign of five Kings ; and yet referring, in con- 
clusion, to a text in the Second Book of Kings, we 
are brought back again to the number four. But it 
is this very circumstance which makes the prodi- 
gious part of this affair. A good guesser (who, an 
ancient Writer says, is the best Prophet) might rea- 
sonably conjecture the Monarchy, after the subverter 
of it; Cromwell, was taken off, would be restored ; 
and, if it continued in the same family for four or 
five generations, that was as much as, in the cease- 
less revolutions of human affairs, could be expected. 
But we shall find there was something more in this 
matter. The Succession of the House of Stuart, 
during the course of these four generations, was 
‘disturbed, and that circumstance our Prophet has 
distinetly marked out. The four crowned heads 
he saw in his hand denote Charles the Second, James 
the Second, Queen Mary, and Queen Anne. They 
are afterwards called five; and so they were; for 
King William the Third shared the sovereignty with 
Queen Mary. and reigned alone after her. But, he 
being of another family, when the succession in the 
House of Stuart is reckoned ap, he could not be 
numbered: so they must be there called four. When 
the Prophet reckons the reigns, King William 
eomes in, and then they are called five. "Lhe key to 
this explanation is the text he concludes with—Thy 
thildren of the rourrs generation shall sit rs the 
throne, 


186 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


throne. A great and extraordinary Genius, lately de- 
ceased, struck with this wonderful coincidence, hath 
written with his own hand, in the margin of the page, 
these words, A manifest Prophecy. You know who I 
mean, But every one must judge for himself, un- 
less (which I tad rather) you would give us. your 
sentiments. upon it. 

But, now my hand is in, as you have had one of 
his Visions, you shall have a Dream too, as he tells 
it in the 12th page of the first, and the 8th page 
of his second Edition.—* My heart was for London ; 
and, as one Mr. Oliver Thomas preached, Cant. ii, 
10. “ Arise up, my love, my fair-one, and come 
away ;” my heart was allured with it, that I thought 
it wasa hastening of me to London; and at that time, 
in a Dream, methought I was on Islington-hill by 
the Water-house, and London appeared before me 
as if it had been burnt with fire, and there remained 
nothing of it but a few stone walls: but I made no- 
thing of this Dream.” — Whosoever reflects upon 
what we are told by Burnet, in the History of his 
own Times, voli. p. 231. of the condition in which 
the works were put up at the Water-house at Is- 
lington, when the Fire of London happened, cannot 
but think Evans’ making this the scene of his dream 
a very unaccountable circumstance. His telling us 
that he made nothing of this Dream adds to the cre- 
dit of his relation, W. Warsurton. 


Prior Park, July 5, 1751. 
The Discourse on the Somnium Scipionis * is, b 
your account, a master-piece in its way. I shall 


* This was a shilling pamphlet published in May 1751. It was 
intituled, “‘ The Theology and Philosophy in Cicero's Somnium, 
Scipivnis explained ; or, a brief Attempt to demonstrate that the 
Newtonian System is perfectly agreeable to the Notions of the 
wisest Antients; and that Mathematical Principles are the only 
sure ones.” On this pamphlet of 55 pages, which was the pro- 
duction of Mr. (afterwards Bp. Horne), a longand curious eritiq: € 
is given in the Monthly Review, vol. V. p. 86.—And see Jones's 


Life of Bp. Horne, p. 38. 
seek 


MR. WARBURTON TO MR. JORTIN. 187 


seek, after it *, but would sooner go toa house of office 
after it than to a Magazine}. Well may those im- 
mortal treasures continue the delight of the Parsons, 
when they hear the Author of $ admits 
them into his study §. In short, you deserve, as 


* « There is one hook, and thatno large one, which T would re- 
eommend to your perusal. It is called, ‘ The Theology and Philo- 
sophy of Cicero's .Somnium Scipionis examined.’ tis indeed the 
ne plus ultra of Hutchinsonianism. In this catchpenny pamphlet 
Newton is proved an Atheist, and a Blockhead: and what would 
you more?” Letter to Mr. Hurd, Sept. 22,1751. 

+ On this unseemly sample of witticism, see the Rev. Edward 
Jones's remarks in “‘ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. 1X. p. 628. 

t This may be read «‘ Remarks on Ecclesiastical History.” 

§ “ The connexion between these two very eminent Scholars is 
a melancholy instance of the Quarrels of Authors, For several 
years their intimate friendship was unshaken. ‘They corresponded 
in terms of the greatest confidence ; and reciprocally asked and 
received from each other information in their respective literary 
researches. ‘ I have by me,” says an eminent Writer *, “ a large 
collection of the civil things which these learned friends have been 
pleased to say of one another; and it would amuse you to ee 
with what an energy and force of language they are delivered.” 
From 1747 to 1749 Mr. Jortin was occasionally an assistant 
to Mr. Warburton, then Preacher at Lincoln's Inn; and at 
that period the one was collecting materials for “Julian,” the 
other for the ‘* Remarks on Ecclesiastical History; and to these 
subjects hy art nts here reprinted principally apply.—In a 

in the Notes on.“ Julian” (as it stands in the Author's 

ition p. 316) Mr, Warburton, “ who had just been treating 

a piece of ical History,” says, ‘* But this Meave, with 
Julian's Adventures, to my learned Friend, Mr, Jortin; who, I 
hope, will soon oblige the Publick with his curious Dissertations 
on Ecclesiastical Antiquity; composed, like his life, not in the 
spirit of controversy, nor, what is worse, of party, but of truth 


Let us now turn to Jortin; who, in his ‘‘ Remarks on Eccle- 
siastical History,” vol, 1. p. 377, speaking of the Vision of Rice 
Evans, as “containing some things not unworthy of notice,” 
says, “ Mr. Warburton ‘has given me the foliowing remarks on 
the man, and on his predictions ; and the Bishop of Bangor ¢, 
and he, have been willing to appear as my friends, and my coad- 
jutors in this Work. 

_* Tbit et hoc nostri per seecula foedus amoris, 
Doctorumque inter nomina nomen ero : 
Forsan 

* Bp. Hurd’s Works, vol. VIII. p. 259. + Ibid. p. 299. 

. } Dr. Zachary Pearcg, whose ‘ Dissertation on the Destraction of Jerusa- 
Mr. Jortin had printed in a former page of his «* Remarks.” 


188 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Shakespeare says, to have your eyes picked out with 
a Ballad-maker’s pen. ould you believe it, there 


is not in all this neighbourhood the Greek Ecclesias- 
tical Historians! ‘The Divines here are farther gone 
in Tradition than the Papists themselves. W.W. 


Forsan et extinctum non spernet Patria dulcis, 
Forsitan et dicet, Tu quoque noster eras. 

Talibus inferiis placabilis Umbra quiescet, 
Lenibunt Manes talia dona meos. 

Interea Labor ipse levat fastidia vite : 
€terno rectum sub Duce pergat iter! 

Scriptores sancti, salvete, et cana Vetustas ; 
Salve, Musa, nimis blanda tenaxque comes : 

Tu puero teneris penitus dilecta sub annis ; 

Tune etiam emerito cura futura viro ? 

Ne tamen eternum, moesta atque irata, recede, 
Sed raro, sed vix sepe rogata, veni. 

Hee, Fortuna, tuis non sunt obnoxia regnis, 
Livor in hee poterit juris habere nihil.” 

This was written in November 1750; and six months after, 
April 2, 1751, Mr. Jortin, in a.note to Mr. Birch, says, “ Mr. 
Warburton is now in town; and would be Very glad to see you. 
Therefore this is to invite and summon you to mect me at his house, 
on Wednesday morning, to breakfast there, and to settle such 
points as may arise.” What could promise a more lasting duration 
than this mutual reciprocity of assistance and acknowledgment ? 
Yet, alas, it was soon to be dissolved. The fatal ‘‘ Sixth Disser- 
tation” of Jortin, and the Seventh, by Mr. Hurd, “ on the Deli- 
cacy of Friendship,” converted the intimacy of years into absolute 
hatred and contempt. The idea is so melancholy, that I forbear 
to enlarge upon it; though there may perhaps be an opportunity 
of resuming it in another place. Meantime I copy Jortin's picture 
of himself, from the conclusion of his “ Lusus Poetici :” 

“« The ambitious Muse, with early-daring flight, 
Spurn’d the dull nest, and ventur'd into light ; 
Yet even then, not fondly indiscreet, 

She burnt a volume, where she spar’d a sheet ; 
Dwelt with the authors of the golden age, 

And stole some beauties from the Classic page ; 
In modern verse would willingly have shone, 
And read Pope's Poems, and destroy'd her own ; 
Suffer'd no peevish lines to see the day ; 

Spleen oft compos'd what Candour threw away ; 
Nor wrong'd herself, nor wrong'd another's name ; 
Too proud to fawn, too honest to defame ; 
Remote and shelter'd, in the paths she chose, 
From foolish friends and formidable foes.”* 


ORIGINAL 


[ 189°") 


_ ORIGINAL LETTERS * 
OF 
THEOBALD +, THIRLBY, anD WARBURTON, 


(a  e 


LETTER I. 
To Mr. Marruew Concanex ¢, Fleet-street. 


Dear Sir,  Wyan's Court, Aug. 23, 1726. 
YOU gave me a disappointment in not return- 
ing the other day, as I thought you proposed ; and to 
be revenged, I will punish you with my thoughts on 
that passage of our Friend SHAKESPEARE, which, as~ 
you may remember, then stuck with us, and could 
not be made out by the help of our Glossaries. 


* The whole of this Correspondence, except the three first Let- 
ters, and the sixth, are printed from the Originals, communicated 
by Edward Roberts, Esq. of Ealing —to whom they were many 
years ago presented by Mr. Theobald’s Son (at that time, by the 

of Sir Edward Walpole, a Orkin the Annuity Pell- 
office in the Exchequer), as a small but grateful return for favours 
conferred on him by Mr. Roberts. 

+ Of Mr. Lewis Theobald, I shall take an opportunity, in a fu- 
ture , of giving some regular biographical notices, 

t Mr. Concanen was a native of Ireland, the descendant of a 
good family. He was born in 1701, and was bred to the Law, a 
study too dry for his volatile disposition ; and in 1721 was the 
Author of “ Wexford Wells, a Comedy,” acted and printed at 
Dublin in that year; and about the same time published ‘ A. 
Match at Football, a Poem, in three Cantos,” dedicated to Mr. 
Bettesworth. . In 1722 he published a volume of ‘ Poeins on se- 
veral Occasions,” dedicated to the Duchess of Grafton; and soon 
after came to London, literally to seek his fortune. He pub- 
lished, in 1724, a volume of “ Miscellaneous Poems ;” by him- 
self and others; and, at the date of the above Letter, was 
intimately connected with ‘The London Journal,’ to which he 
communicated the ingenious critique of his friend Theobald, with 
the following introduction: ‘ It is a debt which the World owes 
to those who have deserved well of it, to preserve their reputations 

j as 


190 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


CorioLanus, p. 191. a ve 4to Edition. } 
I think he ’ll be to Rome 


Asis the Asprey to the Fish ; be’ll take it 

By Sov’reignty of Nature. ———— 

It is very usual with Mr. Pope, you know, to take 
peers ap coy from the preceding Editions; and 
suppose, without giving himself the trouble of 


as long as the materials of which they are formed can be made to 


‘Yast. ‘To this kind of reward 1 think no sort of men better en- 


titled than the Poets; whether we consider them as seldom re- 
ceiving any other, or as they really are Benefactors in a very high 
degree to mankind. This is in a great measure confessed j the 
practice of other Countries towards the memory of such as have 
excelled among them, and by the consent of all Nations in their 
admiration and applause of the Antients. We are the only peo- 
ple in Europe who have had good Poets among them, and yet 
suffer their reputation to moulder, and their memory as it were 
to rust, for want of a little of that Critical cave, which is as truly 
due to their merit as to that of the antient Greek and Roman 
Writers.—You perceive what I aim at. It is to observe to you, 
that some tolerable Comments upon the Works of our celebrated 
Poets are not only expedient, but necessary, Every Writer is 
obliged to make himself understood of the age in which he lives ; 
but, as he cannot answer for the changes of manners and lan- 
guage which may happen after his death, those who receive plea- 
sure and instruction from him are obliged, as well in gratitude to 
him as in duty to posterity, to endeavour to perpetuate his me- 
mory, by preserving his meaning. This is what the French have 
done by their Marots, Rabelais's, and Ronsards; nay even Boi- 
lean, who died within our memory, is thus armed against the as- 
saults of Time. The Italians, who are not thereto provoked by 
a changing Language like ours, have not a tolerable Writer in 
their tongue whose Works are not illustrated by some useful 
Notes ; while we, whose manners are so variable, and whose 
Language so visibly alters every century, have not one Poet 
(though there are several whom we admire) who has met witly 
the good fortune of a kind hand endeavouring to secure hii 
against mortality. Strange humour! Much pains have been 
taken to preserve to us the Picture of Chaucer, while nobody 
has thought it proper to render that better picture of him, his 
writings, intelligible to future ages. Butler has had a Monument 
erected to his memory in Westminster-Abbey ; how much more 
emphatically might it be said to be erected to his memory, if it 
were : Comment upon his excellent Hudibras: which, for want 
of such illustration, grows every day less pleasing to his Readers ; 
who lose half his wit and pleasantry, while they are ignorant of 
the facts he alludes to. J own, it grows daily more difficult to 
perform this duty to old Authors; and therefore the Italians say, 

that 


THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. igi 


guessing at what the Poet means. Though our 
search would have been very vain to find any such 
word as Asprey, yet I easily imagined, something © 
must be couched under the corruption, in its Na- 
ture destructive to fish, and that made a prey of. 
them; and I think, the suspicion has led me to the 
true discovery. 


that a Comment ought to be made when the Work does not 
need it, for that it will be impossible to make one when it does. 
I have been thrown into these thoughts by a Letter from a 
Gentleman, who has first in our language given proofs of an abi- 
lity to do justice to an excellent Writer. Sorry Iam that he is not 
lowed to indulge the inclination, which is accompanied by so 
much knowl and genius to execute it. The Letter (which I 
pr abo this) was Sen ett by some discourse I had with 
‘upon a in espeare, which, through the error of 
the text, nelther he nor I cael then discover the meaning of ; 
but such is his zeal for that Author, and such is his penetration in 
matters of Learning, that in a day or two he perfectly cleared it up. 
I cannot conclude without observing, that such a Critick as 
this might bring the name of a Commentator into the repute 
which it has Jost by the dull and useless pedantry of some Pre- 
tenders toit. Such a Gentleman, and none but such, ought to 
republish an old Writer, since it isin his power to make reprisals 
upon his Author, and to receive as much glory from him as he 
gives to him.”—Mr. Concanen very soon after became acquainted 
with Mr. Warburton, who addressed to him the Letter printed 
in p. 6; and to whom that learned Writer presented the MS. of 
his famous little work on “ Prodigies and Miracles,” a cireum- 
stance thus noticed by himself in a Letter to his Friend Dr. Hurd: 
“T met years with an ingenious Trishinan at a coffee- 
house, near Carvin, where I lodged. He studied the Law, 
and was very poor. I had given him money for many a dinner! 
and at last I gave him those papers, which he sold to the book- 
sellers for more money than you would think, much more than 
they were worth. But I must finish the history both of the Irish- 
and the papers. Soon after, he got acquainted with Sir 
Young, wrote for Sir Robert [Walpole], and was made 

Attorn: of Jamaica. He married there an opulent wi- 
dow, died very rich a few years ago here in England; but 
of so scoundrel a temper, that he avoided ever coming into my 
sight: so that the memory of all this intercourse between us has 
been buried in silence tili this moment. And who should this 
man be but one of the Heroes of the Dunciad, Concanen by name!” 
In the “ British Journal,” Nov. 25, 1727, is a Letter by Con- 
¢anen on Swift and Pope’s Miscelianies ; and in 1728 he wrote 


the Preface to the “ Collection of all the Verses, Essays, Letters, 
and 


192 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I have no doubt but Shakespeare wrote: 

‘ I think he ’Il be to Rome, 
As is the Osprey to the Fish ; he ’Il take it 
By Sov’reignty of Nature. ; 

_ The change, you see, is very minute; and the 
corruption arose in the old copies only from the mis- 
take of an 4 foran O. Now the Osprey is a species 
of the Eagle, of a strong make, that haunts the sea 
and lakes for its food, and altogether preys on Fish. 


and Advertisements, occasioned by Mr. Pope's and Swift's Miscel- 
lanies.” — In 1728, after the first appearance of the Dunciad, 
Mr. Concanen published “ A Supplement to the Profund.” — 
« In this Supplement,” Dr. Warton observes, ‘ are some more 
shrewd remarks, and more pertinent examples, than might be 
expected from such a Writer, and are enough to make us think 
he had some more able assistant. Concanen was at that time an 
intimate friend of Warburton; and, it has been suggested, was 
assisted by him in writing these remarks; but of this there is no 
positive proof.” — There occurs, however, on this account the 
following passage in the Dunciad, IT. 299. 
“« True to the bottom, see Concanen creep, 
A cold, long-winded, native of the deep: 
If Perseverance gain the Diver's prize, 
Not everlasting Blackmore this denies : 
No noise, no stir, no motion must thou make, 
Th’ unconscious stream flaps o'er thee like.a lake,” 
Concanen dealt very unfairly by Pope,” as Pope’s Commentator 
informs us, “ in not-only frequently imputing to him Broome's 
verses (for which, says he, he might seem in some degree account- 
able, having corrected what that gentleman did), but those of the 
Duke of Buckingham and others. He was since,” adds Warburton, 
‘*a hired scribbler in The Daily Courant, where he poured forth 
much Billingsgate against Lord Bolingbroke and others ; after 
which this man was surprizingly promoted to administer Justice 
and Law in Jamaica.”—Certain it is, that Concanen’s wit and lite- 
rary abilities, however,recommended him to the favour of the Duke 
of Newcastle, through whose interest he obtained, in July 1732, 
being then a Barrister at Law, the post of Attorney-general of 
the Island of Jamaica; which office he filled with the utmost 
integrity and honour, and to the perfect. satisfaction of the in- 
habitants for near seventeen years; when, having acquired an 
ample fortune, he was desirous of passing the close of his life in 
his native country, with which intention he quitted Jamaica, and 
came to London, proposing to pass some little time there before 
~ he went to settle entirely in Ireland. But the difference of cli- 
mate between that Metropolis and the place he had so long been 
aceustomed to, had such an effect on his constitution, that he fell 
into 


. THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. 193 


Itiscalled'the éaiaierG *, or Aquila Marina, as also 
Avis Ossifragas and thence, as I presume, con- 
tracted first perhaps into Osphrey, and then; with 
regard to the ease of pronunciation, into Osprey. 
Minshew, Skinner, and Cotgrave, all give us the 
name of this Bird ; as do our Latin Dictionaries in 
the words Halicetus and Ossifraga. Pliny has 
left us this description of its acute sight, and ea- 
gerness after its prey.‘ Halizetus clarissima oculo- 
rum acie, librans ex alto sese, viso in mari pisce, pre- 
ceps in mare ruit; et, discussis pectore aquis, rapit.’ 

If it may be granted that weare come to the truth 
of the text by this change of one letter, it may not be 

i ble to go a little farther, to explain the pro- 
priety of the Poet's allusion. Why does he say that 
Coriolanus willbeto Rome, as the Osprey to the Fish: 
—- He ’}] take it 

By Sov’reignty of Nature? 

Does he mean, that Coriolanus in war is as su 
rior toall other Warriors, as the Eagle, the King of 
Birds, is toall other Birds? Surely there must be 
something more significant designed here. In 
short, I believe, Shakespeare intended to, go deeper 
in his comparison: _ He has a peculiarity, you know,. 
in thinking; and wherever he is acquainted with 
Nature, is sure to allude to her most uncommon ef- 
fects and operations. I am very apt to imagine, 
into ‘a consumption, of which he died, Jan 22, 1749, a few weeks 
after his arrival in London. Mr. Concanen’s original Poems, 
though short; have considerable merit ; but much cannot be 
said of his, “‘ Wexford Wells.” He has several Songs in “ The 
Musical Miscellany, 1729, 6 vols ;” and was concerned with Mr. 
Edward Roome and other gentlemen in altering Broome's “ Jovial 
Crew” into a Ballad Opera, in which shape it is now frequently 
performed.—He was occasionally a writer in “ The London Jour- 
nal ;" was the Author of “ The Specultists, 1730;" and in 1731 
published a Miscellany, called ‘‘ The Flowerpiece,” 

*® Eos ada 6 hades iy Sararin Svourdysvas. Schol. Aristoph, 
ad Aves, ver, 892. ‘O 2) aasatilos xa wep) ov Scaarlar dsalpice, 
xal 12 Asata yéers, Aristot. de Animal. lib. 8, ch, 3. It is also 
mentioned by Oppian in his Halieuticks, 1..1. ver. 425. Pliny, 
in his Natural History, Dydymus ad Homer. I], p. ver. 674. &e. 

VOL, Il. ° therefore 


—- 


194 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


therefore, that the Poet meant, Coriolanus would 
take Rome, by the very opinion and terror of his 
name; as Fish are taken by the Osprey, through an 
instinctive fear they have of him. 

But, that I may not seem to impose an opinion 
merely chimerical, I will give you the authorities 
upon which I have adopted it. ‘The Fishermen, 
says our old Naturalist, William Turner *, ¢ are 
used to anoint their baits with Osprey’s fat, thinking 
thereby to make them the more efficacious ;, because, 
when that Bird is hovering in the air, all the Fish 
that are beneath him. (the Nature of the Eagle, as 
it is believed, compelling them to it) turn up their 
bellies, and, as it were, give him his choice which 
he will take of them.’ sner goes a little farther 
in support of this odd instinct, telling us,: ¢ that, 
while this Bird flutters in the air, and sometimes, as 
it were, seems suspended there, he drops a certain 
quantity of his fat, by the influence.whereof the Fish 
are so affrighted and confounded, that they imme- 
diately turn themselves belly upwards ; upon which 
he sowses down perpendicularly, like a stone, and 
seizes them in his talons + — To this, I believe, 
Shakespeare alludes in this expression of the 
Sov'reignty of Nature. And so much by way of 
explication. 

I. do not know whether I shall have occasion 
to retract any part of these conjectures; but I shall 
be better determined as you either concur with; or 
differ from, Sir, your affectionate friend, and very 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD.” 

* « Piscatores nostrates escis fallendis piscibus destinatis, hali- 
zeti adipem illinunt aut immiscent, putantes hoc argumento es- 
cam efficaciorem futuram; quod halizeto sese in aére librante, 
pisces quotquot subsunt (naturA Aquile ad hoe cogente, ut cre- 
ditur) ; se resupinent, et ventres albicantes, ceu optionem eli- 
gendi illi facientes, exhibeant.” De Avibus, p. 196. 

+ ‘« Volitare per aérem, et in eo veluti pendere videri interdim, 
tim demittere adipis aliquid in Aquam, unde statim pisces attoniti 
vertantur supini: etiam mox recta precipitem ferri instar lapi- 
dis, et unum ex illis altero pede adunco suo accipere,” Ibid. 

LETTER 


“WARBURTON AND’ CONCANEN. ' 195 
Drei . eo DEDTERe lI / 
For Mr: M. Concanen * at Mr. Woopwakps ~ 
* ~ “at the half moon in Fleetstreet. London. 
Dear Sir, Newarke, Jan. 2, 1726-7. 
.. having had no more regard for those papers 
which I spoke of and promis’d to Mr, Theobald, 
than just what they. deserv'd, \I in vain sought for 
them thro’ a number of loose, papers that had _the. 
same kind of abortive birth. fies it to make one 
gel part of my amusement in reading the English 
‘oets, those of them 1 mean whose vein flows regu- 
larly and constantly, as well. as clearly, to trace 
them to their sources; and observe what ore, as 
well as what slime and gravel they brought down 
with them. Dryden 1 observe borrows for want of 
leasure, and Pope for want of genius: Milton out 


_ * That Mr. Warburton was an associate with Theobald and 
Concanen in the attack ‘made on Pope's fame and talents, is in- 
disputable; having been introduced at the weekly meetings ; a 
favour which in this Letter he speaks of in very high terms of 
complacency and thankfulness. Mr. Warburton, however, was 
not at that time, as has been generally supposed, an Attorney ; 
but an assistant toa Relation in a School at Newark, having ta- 
ken Deacon's ; in 1723. 

“This Letter was found, about the year 1750, by Dr. Gawin 
Knight, First Librarian to the British Museum, in fitting up a 
house’ whieh he had taken in Crane-court, Fleet-street. The 
house had, for a long time before, been let in lodgings, and in all 
ebew onl Concanen had lodged, there.. The original Letter 

been pany years in my possession, and is here most exactly 
co) with its several little peculiarities in grammar, spelling, 
and punctuation. April 30, 1766. M. A.”— The above is co- 
pied from an indorsement of Dr. Mark Akenside, as is the Let- 
ter, from a copy given by him to esq.—I have 
carefully retained all the peculiarities above mentioned. — If it 
contained any thing that might affect the moral character of 
the writer, tenderness for the dead would forbid its publication. 
But, that not being the case, and the learned Prelate being now 
beyond the reach of criticism, there is no reason why this literary 
curiosity should be longer with-held from the publick : 
, ‘ « Duncan is in his grave ; 
“ After life’s fitful fever he sleeps well ; 
*¢ Treason has done his worst: nor steel, nor poison, 
_ Malice domestick, foreign levy, nothing 
* Can touch him further.” 
02 of 


196 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of pride, and Addison out of modesty. And now I 
speak of this latter, that you and Mr. Theobald 
may see of what kind those Idle collections are, 
and likewise to give you my notion of what we may 
safely pronounce an imitation, for it is not I pre- 
sume the same train of ideas that follow in the same 
description of an Ancient and a modern, where na- 
ture when attended to, always supplys the same 
stores, which will autorize us to pronounce the lat- 
ter an imitation, for the most judicious of all poets, 
Terence, has observed of his own science Nihil est 
dictum, quod non sit dictum prius : For these rea- 
sons I say I give myselfe the pleasure of setting down 
some imitations I observed in the Cato of Addison. 
Addison, A day, an hour of virtuous liberty, 
Is worth a whole eternity in bondage. Act 2. Sc.1. 
Tully. Quod si immortalitas consequeretur presentis 
periculi fugam, tamen eo magis ea fu- 
gienda esse videretur, quo diuturnior esset 
servitus. Philipp. Or. 10%, 
Addison. Bid him disband his legions 
Restore the commonwealth to liberty 
Submit his actions to the public censure, 
And stand the judgement of a Roman senate, 
Bid him do this and Cato is his friend. 
Tully. Pacem vult? arma deponat, roget, deprece- 
tur. Neminem equiorem reperiet quam 
me. Philipp. 5%. 
Addison. ————-But what is life ? 
*Tis not to stalk about and draw fresh air 
From time to time 
’Tis to be free. When Liberty is gone, 
Life grows insipid and has lost its relish, Se. 3. 
Tully. Non enim in spiritu vita est: sed ea nulla est 
omnino servienti, Philipp. 10a, 
Addison. Remember O my friends the laws the rights 
The gen’rous plan of power deliver’d down 
From age to age by your renowned forefathers. 
O never let it perish in your hands. dct 3. Sc, 5. 
Hane [libertatem scilt] retinete, qnzso, 
Quirites, quam vobis, tanquam hereditatem, 
majores nostri reliquerunt. Philipp. 4°. 
Addison, 


Tully. 


WARBURTON AND CONCANEN.° 197 


. Addison. The mistress of the world, the seat of empire, 
re: The nurse of Heros the delight of Gods. _ 
_ Tully. Roma domus virtutis, imperii dignitatis, do- 
‘ micilium glorie, lux orbis terrarum. 
de oratore. 

* The first half of the 5 Sc. 3 Act. is nothing but 
a transcript from the 9 book of lucan between the 
300 and the 700 line. You see by this specimen 
the exactness of Mr. Addison's judgement who 
wanting sentiments worthy the Roman Cato sought 
for them in Tully and Lucan, When he wou'd 
fire his subject those terrible graces which Dion. 

allicar: complains he could find no where but in 
Homer, he takes the assistance of our Shakespear, 
who in his Julius Caesar has painted the conspira- 
tors with a pomp and terrour that perfectly asto- 
nishes. hear our British Homer. 

: Between the acting of a dreadful thing 
And the first motion, all the Int’rim is 
Like a phantasma or a hideous dream, 
The Genius and the mortal Jnstrwments 
Are then in council, and the state of Man . 
like to a little Kingdom, suffers then 
The nature of an insurrection. 
Mr. Addison has thus imitated it: 
’__ O think what anxious moments pass between 
The birth of plots and their last fatal periods 
O ’tis a dreadful interval of time, 
Filled up with horror all, and big with death. 

I have two things to observe on this imitation. 
1. the decorum this exact Mr. of propriety has ob- 
served. In the Conspiracy of Shakespear’s descrip- 
tion, the fortunes of Cesar and the roman Empire 
were concerned. And the magnificent circum- 
stances of 

** The genius and the mortal instruments 
*€ Are then in council. 
is exactly proportioned to the dignity of the subject. 
But this wou’d have been too great an apparatus to 
the desertion of Syphax and the rape of Sempronius, 
and therefore Mr. Addison omits it. II, The other 
thing 


a 


198 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


thing more worth our notice is, that Mr. A. was so 
greatly moved and affected with the pomp of Sh: 
description, that instead of copying his author's 
sentiments, he has before he wus aware given us 
only the marks of his own impressions on the read- 
ing him. For, 
‘© © ’tis a dreadful interyal of time 
_ © Filled up with horror all, and big with death. 
are but the affections raised by such lively images 
as these 
«¢ —__all the Int’rim is 
“ Like a phantasma or a hideous dream. 


* The state of man—like to a little kingdom 
suffers then 
«« Tbe nature of an insurrection. 

Again when Mr. Addison would paint the softer 
passions he has recourse to Lee who certainly had a 
peculiar genius that way. thus his Juba 

“ True she is fair. O how divinely fair ! 
coldly imitates Lee in his Alex: 
«Then he wou'd talk: Good Gods how he wou’d talk ! 

I pronounce the more boldly of this, because Mr, 
A. in his 39 Spec. expresses his admiration of it. 
My Renee fails me, or I should now offer to Mr, 
Theobald an objection agt, Shakespear's acquaint- 
ance with the ancients. As it appears to me of 
great weight, and as it is necessary he shou’d be 
prepared to obviate all that occur on that head. But 
some other opportuuity will presente itselfe. You 
may now, S', justly complain of my ill manners in 
deferring till now, what shou'd have been first of all 
acknowledged due to you. which is my thanks for 
all-your favours when in town, particularly for in- 
troducing me to the knowledge of those worthy and 
ingenious Gentlemen * that made up our last night’s 
conversation. I am, Sir, with all esteem your most 
obliged friendandhumbleservant, W.WanrBuRTON.” 

* Among these, in the Notes on the Dunciad, are enumerated 


Theobald, Dennis, Moore, Concanen, and Cooke, as joint Authors 
of a Letter signed W. A, June 8, 1729. 


LETTER. 


‘THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. — 199 
LETTER III. 
‘To Mr. Marruew Concanen *, Fleet-street. 


‘Sir, March 13, 1728-9. 

The few passages of Shakespeare, upon which 
you, by your last, require my thoughts, I have, for 
some time past, solved to myself; but shall be much 
better confirmed in my corrections if they have the 
good luck to be supported by your approbation. 
But I entreat of you, by all the regards of friendship, 
that no. partiality in opinion, to my attempts upon 
this beloved Author, may over-sway you to be con- 
vinced, contrary to your own private judgment. 

Your first question is upon the following passage 
of Coriolanus, p. 108. 

———— Thou wast a Soldier 
Even to Calvus’ wish, not fierce and terrible 
Only in strokes, but with thy grim looks, and 
The thunder-like percussion of thy sounds, 
Thou mad’st thine enemies shake. 

Upon C. Marcius being shut into Corioli, where 
it was feared he would have fallen a sacrifice to num- 
bers, T. Lartius sums up his character, as a War- 
rior that was terrible in his strokes, in the tone of 
his voice, and in the grimness of his countenance. 
But who was this Calvus? I am.afraid Greek and 
Roman History will be at a loss to account for such 


* Communicated to “ Mist’s Journal, March 16, 1727-8,” 
with this introduction: “ As I casually met with the follow- 
ing Letter, writ by the Author of ‘ Shakespeare Restored’ to a 

wate friend, I ought to ask pardon for publishing it without a 
particular leave obtained. But, as the contents are only a eonti- 
nuation of those Criticisms which he has begun to give the Pub- 
lick upon Shakespeare, the subject entitles the Town to them, and 
I , 1 shall be the more easily excused this liberty.” 

Editor of the Journal subjoins, “ If these Corrections strike 
my Readers as they have done me, they cannot but be pleased 
with a promise Mr. Theobald has made the Publick, in his Preface 
to the Second Edition of ‘‘ Double Falshood,” -that, though pri- 
vate property should so far stand in his way, as to prevent him 
from putting out an Edition of Shakespeare; yet some way or 
other, if he lives, the Publick shall receive from his hand that 
Poet's whole Works corrected with his best care and ability.” 


aman, 


200 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


a man, and such a circumstance joined to signalize 
him, It is very surprizing that the late learned Edi- 
tor of Shakespeare should tell us, at the beginning 
of this Play, that the whole History is exactly fol- 
lowed, and many of the principal speeches copied 
from the Life of Coriolanus in Plutarch ; and yet 
that he should have no suspicion of this passage : 
for, I dare answer, Calvus was as new a person to 
him, as he is yet to me. The second Edition in fo- 
lio (anno 1632) give us this Reading, 
Even to Calves wish, 


But I will be bold to say, that Shakespeare 
wrote, and therefore so it must for the future be 
restored : . 

—_———— Thou wast a soldier 
Even to Cato’s wish, &c. 

The error probably arose from the similitude in 
the manuscript of ¢o to dv; and so this unknown 
‘wight Calvus sprung up. But how shall we 
be sure, may it not be said, that it ought to be re- 
stored Cato? I flatter myself, the authorities for 
this emendation will hardly be disputed. Plutarch, 
in his Life of Coriolanus, speaking of this Hero, 

says ** He was a man (that which Cato required in 
a Warrior) not only dreadful to meet with in the 
field, by reason of his hand and stroke; but insup- 
portable to an enemy for the very tone and accent 
of his voice, and thesole terror of his aspect.” Again 
in the Life of Marcus Cato the Censor, Plutarch, 
describing the warlike temper of that rough Roman, 
repeats the same sense in terms but little differing, 
** In engagements,” says he, ‘ he would use to strike 
lustily, with a fierce countenance stare upon his 
enemies, and with a harsh threatening voice accost 
them. Nor was he out in his opinion, whilst he 
taught that such rugged kind of behaviour some- 
times does strike the enemy more than the sword it- 
self”? — Can we want plainer proof, when the three 

things 


L 


, 


“THEGSALD AND CONCANEN, 201 


things mentioned in our Poet are particularized in 
both these passages of Plutarch, and said to be the 
ualities which Cato. thought requisite in a soldier ? 
t is true, Shakespeare is guilty of an anachronism, 
for Coriolanus died above 250 years before the Elder 


‘Cato was born. But I have already excused our 


Poet on this head, in the beginning of my Appen- 
dix to “ Shakespeare Restored.”—And now to your 
second Doubt-proposed, from the Tempest. 

If I have too austerely punish’d you, 

Your compensation makes amends; for I 

Have given here a Third of my own Life, 

Or that for which i live. 

P here gives his daughter in marriage to 
young Ferdinand, But, as you very reasonably ask, 
why is she only a third of his own Life? He had 
no wife living, nor any other child, to rob her of a 
share in his affection: so that we may reckon her 
at least half of himself. Nor could he intend that 
he loved himself twice as much as he did her ; for 
he immediately subjoins, that it was ‘ she for whom 
he lived. he Poet certainly meant, Prospero 
should say, he has made Ferdinand a full recom- 

nce: for he has given him, in his daughter, his 
very life and heart-strings. 

A very minute alteration reconciles it to this sense, 


and I have no doubt therefore but the Poet wrote, 


aon 2 OE, 
Have giv’n you here a Thread of my own Life, 
Or that for which I live. 

The change will be still more minute, if we allow 
for the old way of spelling this word Thrid from its 
Saxon deriyation ; and the error has arisen plainly 
from a bare transposition of the letters. A like mis- 
take I remember to have observed upon the very same 
word, in the old play called “ Lingua,” Act 4, Se, 6, 
_ For as a subtle spider, closely sitting, 

In centre of her web, that spreadeth, 
Jf you but touch the smallest third, 


For 


' 202 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


.. For it is very evident to the meanest under- 
standing that we must likewise restore it here, 


But touch the smallest thrid, or thread. 


Nor is there any metaphor more common with 
Shakespeare, than the Thread of Life, the Web of 
Life, &c. To give but a yery few instances ina 
point so well known: 

All’s Well that Ends Well, p. 435: 

The Web of our Life is of a mingled Yarn, good 
and ill together. 

Othello, p. 585: 

I am glad thy father ’s dead ; 
Thy match was mortal to him, and pure grief 
Shore his old Thread in twain. 
1 Hen. VI. p. 6: 
Had not Churchmen pray’d, 
His Thread of Life had not so soon decay’d, 
2 Hen. VI. p. 174: 
Argo, their Thread of Life is spun. 

Hen. V, p. 442: 

And. let not Bardolfe’s vital Thread be cut 
With edge of penny Cord, &c, 

And so in a great number of passages more, that 

I could produce were there any occasion. 


But I now hasten to obey you in your third 
instance, from Timon of Athens, p. 26: 
Sen. Take the Bonds along with you, 
And have the Dates in. Come. 


A Senator here, who is a Creditor of Timon, sends 
his servant to make an importunate demand of the 
debt, bids him not to take a slight denial, but to carry 
the bonds, and bring in the money. But why, as you 
say, have thedates in? Certainly, ever since Bonds 
were given, the date was put in when the bond was, 
entered into; and these bonds Timon had alread: 
given, and the time of their payment was lapsed. 

In 


- THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. — 203 


In short, the has never been understood : 
and yet, I hope, I eb found out its true meaning. 
Restore it: j. ; 

Sen. Take the bonds along with you, 

And have the Dates in Compt, 
i.e, take good notice of the dates, for:the better 
computation of the Interest due upon them. It 
must be obvious to every Reader of Shakespeare, how 
general it is with him to write Compt and Accompt, 
for Count and Account. So in the very next speech 
of this Play, where Timon’s steward is talking of his: 
Master's carelessness, p. 26; 

——-———— Takes no accompt 

How things go from him, &e. 

So in Macbeth, p. 532: 

————___-—- Your Servants ever, 

Have theirs, themselves, and what is theirs in Compt, . 
To make their audit, &c. 

And so in Othello, p. 587: 

Ob! ill-star’d wench, 
Pale as thy smock! When we shall meet at Compt, &c, 

And in an hundred other places. ; 

I come now, to your last question, upon a passage 
in Troilus and Cressida, which requires an explica- 
tion, no correction, 

P. 114. ————— The dreadful Sagittary 

Appals our Numbers. 

Mr. Pope, as you observe, thinks, by Sagittary, 
that our Poet means Teucer; who, indeed, was fa- 
mous for his bow, But, when Teucer is not once 
mentioned by name throughout the whole Play, 
would Shakespeare decypher him by so dark and 
precarious a description? I dare be positive, he had 
no thought of that Archer here. This passage con- 
tains a piece of private history, which, perhaps, 
Mr. Pope never met with, unless he consulted the 
old Chronicle, containing the Three Destructions 
of Troy, printed by Caxton in 1471, and Wynken 
de Werde in 1503; from which Book, as I shall 
hereafter shew, our Poet obtained this circumstance, 

* Beyonde 


204 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


« Beyonde the’ royalme of Amazonue came an 
auncient kynge, wysse and disscreete, named Epy- 
strophus, and brought a M. knyghtes, and a mer- 
vayllouse beste that was called Sagittarye, that be- 
hynde the myddes. was an horse, and to fore, a man; 
this beste was heery like an horse, and had his eyen 
rede as a cole, and shotte well with a bowe: this beste 
made the Grekes sore afrede, and slew many of 
them with his bowe.” 

I have thus, with all the brevity I could, dis- 
patched your commands, and shall be always ready, 
Sir, in this, or any other way, to approve myself 
your obedient humble servant, Lew. ‘THropa.p.” 


LETTER Jv. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton* junior, at Newark, 
in Nottinghamshire. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's-court, March 18, 1728-9. 
I but just, now have received from Mr, Concanen 
the favour of your second paper of criticisms, which 
you were so kind to leave for me: but it comes at- 
tended not only with the pleasure it brings in itself, 
but with that of an information that you have read 
over all Shakespeare. You may wonder, doubtless, 
when I promised to follow you so closely with my 
troublesome enquiries, that no catalogue of loci 
desperati has yet reached you. It has happened, 
unluckily, that I have been fatigued with more Law 
business than the present crisis of my affairs made 
desirable: and I hope you will forgive an avoca- 
tion that has been so disagreeable to myself, I 
wish it may not prove now your misfortune to find 
me too diligent and importunate. 
- Iwill, from this moment, begin to draw out a 
list of Doubts and Depravations ; which you will 
* The elder “ Rev. William Warburton” was then a School- 
master at Newarke. He died in 1729. See the Literary Anec- 


dotes, vol. V. p. 532, ; 
give 


. THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 205 


" give me leave to communicate de die in diem. And 
so, as Hamlet says, 

~ We'll e’en to’t like friendly faulconers, fly at any 

thing, &c. : 

T cannot but prodigiously admire the happiness 
of your change of Sparrow, James, into Spare me, 
James; and may the same felicity direct you to as- 
sist me in another obscure passage, lower in the 
same page (King John, p. 12): 

Bast. Knight—Knight—good Mother: Basilisco like, 
Why Lam dub’d, I have it on my shoulder. 

Does he mean, think you, by Basilisco-like, like 
a little King; with allusion, perhaps, to his being 
owned King Richard’s natural son? or how else must 
we conceive it? Basiliscus, 1 think, in the Greek, 
is equivalent to Regudus in the Latin, which not 
only signifies the Basilisk, but also a little King. 

Or may we suppose that Shakespeare wrote the 
passage thus: ' 

» Knight— Knight— good Mother—Basilisco ;— 

slight *! 
Why I am dub’d, &c. 

But I submit the whole to your consideration. 
It sticks with me pretty much too, why (at p. 35 
of this Play) Constance, addressing herself to Aus- 
tria, calls him, 

; ; O Lymoges! O Austria! i 

The Poet has been bold with History, to bring 
the Duke of Austria into France in right of Arthur's 
quarrel, because he knew that Austria was an enemy 
to Richard I. when he was taken prisoner in Ger- 
many. He has been as free in making Austria’ 
killed by the Bastard; though, in fact, it was the 
Count of Limoges that the Bastard killed. (N.B. 
Limoges is a small town in the county of Limosin, 
in France.) Now it is not very probable that the 


* i, e. God's light, by way of oath. 
Duke 


‘206 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Duke of Austria should assume the title of a Count 
from a small village in France; and it is plain that 
Shakespeare means oneand the same man by Limoges 
’ and Austria, though they are as plainly two in His- 
tory —heret aqua*.—But I will trouble you with 
my thoughts on one passage more, before dismiss 
King John. Mr. Pope takes notice, in his Appen- 
dix, that I think the first Act ends wrong (he 
means the second); and that some Scene followed 
which is lost: because otherwise Constantia sits 
down on the stage, only to rise again, and go off. 
Mr. Pope agrees, it seems, to be lost, and that it were 
to be wished the Restorer could supply it. 

I believe, whether Mr. Pope will thank me, or no, 
I can venture to do this. Upon looking a little nar- 
rowly into the constitution of the Play, I am satis- 
fied that the third Act is to begin with that Scene 
‘which has hitherto been accounted the 7th of the 
‘second: Act; and my reasons for it are these. ‘The 
match being concluded, in the Scene before that, 
betwixt the Dauphin and Blanch, a messenger is 
sent for Lady Constance to King Philip's tent, for 
her to come to St. Mary’s church, to the solemnity. 
The Princes all go out, as to the marriage; and 
the Bastard, staying a little behind, to descant 
on. interest and commodity, very properly ends 
the Act. The next Scene then, in the French 
King’s tent, brings us Salisbury delivering his mes- 


* “Ttis rightly observed, that Limoges and not Austria was the 
person killed by the Bastard; and I believe what sticks with 
you in this passage, when you observe the Author's address in this 
place, is very artful, History, of which he was am exact ob- 
server, reclaimed against the change from Limoges to Austria, 
and, on the other hand, it was necessary to introduce Austria 
in his place, to raise the character of the Bastard, who is plainly 
the Hero of the Play, by making him revenge the death of his 
father. What was to be done in this dilemma? By the most 
artful address he has here insinuated, that Austria bore the 
title of Limoges, whereby he avoids a gross violation of History, 
and served the greater end of raising his hero’s character.” 

[Note written in the margin by Mr. Warburton.) 


sage 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 207 


sage to Constantia, who, refusing to go to the so- 
lemnity, sits herself down on the floor. The whole 
train returning from the church to the French 
King’s. pavilion, Philip expresses such: satisfaction 
on occasion of the happy solemnity of that day, 
that Constantia rises from the floor, and joins in 
the Scene, by entering her protest against their 
joy, and cursing the business of the day. Thus I 
conceive the Scenes are fairly continued, and. there 
is no chasm in the action; but a proper interval 
made, both forSalisbury’s coming to Lady Constance, 
and for the solemnization of the marriage. Besides, 
as Faulconbridge is evidently the Poet's favourite 
character, it was very well judged to close the Act 
with his soliloquy. 4 

But I shall’suspend my judgment on this point, 
till I have the favour of your opinion. 

As to your observation on Richard the Second, 
Act IV. Scene 1, 

dishonour my fair stars, &c. 

ve me leave to doubt till | hear further from you. 
imagine the Poet might mean, by stars, the fair 
fortunes he was born to, the influence of those stars 
that governed his nativity: and, I believe, the 
par poetically, may. be dispensed with. You 

now it is acommon phrase with us to say, “ I thank 
my stars.” Besides, our Poet in many places ap- 
pears evidently a Fatist. Othello calls Desdemona 
« jll-starr’d wench.” 
_ The Bastard in Lear says, “ he should have been 
the same, if the maidenlike star in the firmament 
had shone on his nativity.” And in King John, p. 
35, you may observe, Shakespeare makes Constantia 
speak exactly as he here does Aumerle: 
~ Hast thou not spoke like thunder on my side, 

Been sworn my soldier, bidding me depend 
Upon thy stars, thy fortune, and thy strength? 

. But I submit it to you. 

Ist Henry IV. Act II. Scene 9: 


Falst. I would I were a weaver. 


I most 


208 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


-I most heartily thank you for your ingenious note 
on this passage; and I am convinced that your ob4 
servation is very just. » f nicanhay 

There is another passage, in which Shakespeare 
alludes to the weavers being such songsters. , 
Twelfth Night, p. 201: Seay ee aed 

But shall we make the Welkin dance indeed? Shall 
we rouze the night-owl in a catch that will draw three. 
souls'out of one weaver ? ! 


This expression, iki shews the fanatical ex- 
tacies of that set of people. Now, as you have so 
happily joined Puritanism and Singing together, I 
will, upon this occasion, propose another passage 
to your judgment, in which something is certain] 
corrupt, and I will subjoin the conjectures that 
have yet been able to make. 

Winter's Tale, p. 305: ; 

———— She hath made me four-and-twenty * nose- 
gays for the shearers; three-man songmen all, and very 
good ones; but they are most of them means and 
basses; but one Puritan among them, and he sings 
psalms to hornpipes. 


Here Puritanism and Psalmody are again con- 
nected. But what can “ three-man songmen” 
mean? We had imagined it might be, 


They ’re men, songmen all. — 
Or, 


They ’re main songmen all. — : 

* «Tt is possible, this may allude to the King's band of music, 
which, upon the establishment, were, and are still twenty-four; 
and, speaking of them, we say, the twenty-four; or, one of 
the ‘twenty-four. So in France, Les vingt-quatre, means only 
a sneering pun.—Thbe Puritan, perhaps, a’ particular per- 
son among them.—N. B. Generally one amongst them more 
excels in Hornpipes and Country-dances than the rest, on ac- 
count of the Balls at Court.” L. T, 

+ ‘A three-man songman means a singer of catches, which 
was then, and is now, in three parts; and a properer word 
could not be given to a catch-singer, by which you would de- 
note his bearing a third part, than a three-man singer. This ex- 
plains the passage above,” [Note ix the margin by Mr. King 

at 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 209 


But as; since your note, the Weavers have run 
much in my head, is it probable to thinking, as our 
Shakespeare says, that he might have wrote, 

: _. thrum-men, songmen all ; 

i. e. Weavers and Songsters. 

The thram, you know, is the end of the Weavers’ 
warp, as they call it. But then, his saying there 
is but one Puritan among them, I am afraid, much, 
weakens the conjecture. I do but propose it, to 
awaken a more curious speculation. 

Neither leisure, nor my conscience, Sir, will 
allow me to-trespass on you further this time; but 
I will promise, upon encouragement, to be a trou~ 
blesome Correspondent. 

You willhear, [doubt not, by our friend Concanen, 
that the Parnassian war is like to break out fiercely 
again. The Dunciad* is pompously re-printed in 
quarto, and the publication of it every day expected. 

Give me leave, with the truest respect, to sub- 
scribe’ myself, Sir, your most obliged and faithful 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER V. 


To the Rey. Mr. Wansourton, at Newark. 
Dear Str, Wyan's Court, April 8, 1729. 
Your last most obliging Epistle is come to hand, 
together with the inclosed yctination of part of Ed- 
ere madness. As you are so good to say I shall see 
e Book touching these Popish Impostures, I shall 
with great impatience expect it remitted; and will 
be very faithful to return it, so soon as [ can extract 
what it will furnish necessary to my Work. 
As to Be pense in Lear, Act III. Sce. 11: 
And quench’d the steeled fires. 
I had always suspected it of corruption, and had 
attempted to cure it in this manner: 
_ __ And quench’d the stelled fires, 
i.e. stellati, vel stellei ignes. 1 scarce need to ob- 


, * See hereafter, p. 220, 
VOL. Il. P serve 


210 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


serve to you, Sir, that Zever labour to make the 
smallest deviations that I can possibly from: the 
text ; never to alter at all, where I can by any 
means explain a passage into sense; nor ever ty 
any emendations to make the Author better when i 

is probable the text came from his own hands. And 
yet, perhaps, I may immediately propose to your 
judgment the correction of a passage, in which I 
may seem to have akc my own rule. How- 
ever, it pleases me, till I am better informed. 

Where Cleopatra is characterizing Mark Anthony, 
after his death, to Dolabella, she says, among other 
fine things : 

Anthony, Act V. Sc. 2, p, 100: 

_ For his Bounty, 

There was no Winter in’t. An Antony it was, 

That grew the more by reaping. 

Surely, there is no consonance of ideas betwixt a 
Winter and an Anthony ; nor, I am afraid, any com- 
mon ‘sense in an Anthony growing by reaping. I 
shrewdly suspect, our Author wrote : 

———_——_—_—_—— For his Bounty, 
There was no Winter in’t. An dutumme ’twas, 
That grew, &c. 

I appeal to you with some diffidence in it; though 
certainly ‘this. restores an uniformity of metaphor, 
and conveys some meaning in an Autumn still grow- 
ing by reaping: nor is the variation from the traces 
of the letters very great, especially if we consider 
the old way of spelling the two words Antonie and 
Automne.—lf you shall judge that I have been too 
bold in this, I will make some amends in communi- 
cating another emendation, which, I think verily, 
I may stand by. j 

Twelfth Night, Sc. IV. p. 185: 

Sir And O, had I but follow’d the Arts ! 
Sir Tob. Then badst thou had an excellent head of hair. 
Sir And. Why, would that have mended my hair? 


Sir Tob, Past question; for thou see’st it does not cool 
my Nature. 


T cannot 


-THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 211 


_ Teannot enough adatire that. happy. indolence of 
Mr. Pope, which can acquit him in transmitting us 
this for sense and ‘argument. ‘The dialogue’is, of a 
very light strain here, betwixt two foolish; knights ; 
but I would be very glad to know, methinks, why. 
Sir Andrew’s hair hanging lank, should, or ‘should; 
not, cool Sir ‘Toby’s nature. I dare say, I. hardly, 
need subjoin my correction to your sagacity. — : 
Sir And. Oh, had I but follow’d the Arts! 

Sir Tob. Then hadst thou had an excellent head of hair, 
Sir And, Why, would that have mended my Hair? 

Sir Tob, Past question; for thou seest ‘it will not curt 

by Nature. ‘ ; : 

It means no more, I think, than, if Sir Andrew 
had had art enough in him to tie up’ his hair, it 
had not hung so lank as it did by Nature; and 
what immediately follows, seems to me an unex- 
ceptionable confirmation of this. 

Sir And. But it becomes me well enough, does’t not? 
Sir Tob, Excellent; it hangs like Flax on.a Distaff, 

I cannot help thrusting upon you another emen- 
dation, which, as yet, seems to me as sure as the 
former. 

Love’s Labour Lost, Act 4, Sc. 4. p. 264: 

Diim. O most divine Kate ! 
Bir. “O most prophane coxcomb! (aside. ) 

© Dum, By Heav’n, the wonder of a mortal eye! 

-. Birs By earth she is not ; Corporal, there you lie. 

reep avin 4 (aside.) 

-Dumaine;,,one of ‘the lovers in spight of his vow 
to the contrary (thinking himself alone), breaks out 
into short soliloquies of admiration on his mistress ; 
and Biron, who stands behind as an eves-dropper, 
takes pleasure in contradicting his amorous raptures. 
But Dumaine was a young lord ; he had no sort of 
post in the army, that we hear of; what wit or allu- 
sion then can tliere be in Biron’s calling him.corpo- 
ral? I make no doubt at present to restore it. 

._, Bir By earth, she is but corporal; there you lie. 

ri P 2 Corporal, 


ae ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Corporal, you know, Shakespeare’ every where 
uses for corporeal; and then Biron only in flat terms 
contradicts Dumaine’s hyperbolical praises, wlio calls 
his mistress divine, and the wonder of a mortal eye. 
But we have another blunder afterwards, in relation 
to this Dumaine, which, I think, I ean set right too. 
P.301. Dum. But ie to me, my Love? but what to 

; me 
‘Kath. A wife, abeard, fair health, and-honesty ; 
With threefold love I wish you all these three. 

What three, in the name of arithmetick? She 
wishes him four things, if she wishes him any 
thing. May we not with certainty correct it? 

A wife, a beard (fair Youth), and honesty. 


And her calling him fair youth seems very well 
’ authorized by what she presently subjoins, 

Not so, my Lord; a twelvemonth and a day, 
Vil mark no words that smooth-faced wooers say. 


But whither am I going? I meant to excuse my- 
self in this present from not being able to reply to 
the contents of your last, but am growing eccentric. 
The reason is, dear Sir, I have nowa Benefit uponthe 
anvil*; the solicitation. of which ‘breaks in a little 
upon my application, necessary for that part of my 

ork; a few days will finish that task, and I shall 
hope to return to regularity. That I may not wholly, 
in the mean time, be useless to myself in your assist- 
ance, I will fill up the remaining space of my paper 
with some random, inguirendanulloordine observatéd. 

Ist. Anthony and Cleopatra, p. 34; 

Then put my tires and mantles on him, whilst 
T wore his Sword Purnrppan. 

This I presume to be history, and not invention 

of our Poet: but where may I trace it? or who has 


* His “ Double Falsehood” was then performing at Drury 
Lane, where it was acted twelve nights, with considerable ap~ 
plause, ‘and was the last Play in which Mr. Booth appeared. led 
ca 


.PHEOBALD AND WARBURTON, - 213 


ealled Anthony's sword, Philippan ? I was thinking 
it: might possibly be, in Cicero's Philippic Orations 
against Anthony! but how then did Shakespeare 
come at it? . i ihe 
| 2d..-Mueh Ado about Nothing, p. 105, and:130; 
\) » And. one deformed is one of them; I know him, 
he wears a Lock. 
They say he wears a Key in his ear, and a Lock 


es changing by it. 

As Wit hey at Lock, I own, I have not the 
least glimmering what it can allude to. 
“sit Anthony and Cleopatra: 

Which, like the Courser’s hair, hath yet but life, 
And not a serpent’s poison. 
Where is this old idle notion accounted for ? 
_ 4th. Romeo and Juliet, p. 274: 

~ Some say, the lark and loathed toad change eyes. 

* Where is this notion of the Naturalists explamed? 

5th. As You Like it, p. 324: 

* Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, 
, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head. 
ere is said to be, I think, a stone, called Bufo- 
nites, found in the heads of some toads, which is 
reckoned an antidote against their poison, But I 
should be glad of a account herein, 

6th. » 2 VI. p. 161: 

- | Cade. nts What iney bfomga? 

«Clerk. Emanuel. 

_ Dick. They used to write it on the top of letters. 

In the Popish times, I think, they used to put 
the sign of the Cross on the top of their Letters : 
but Hs that superstition was abolished, with the 
Reformation succeeding, did the Precisians supply 
it with writing Emanuel on the top of theirs? Or 
what else is alluded to here *? 


* On this passage Mr. Warburton observes, “i, e. of letters 
missive, and such like public acts. See Mabillon’s Diplomata.” 
—The learned Commentator might have added, ‘ and in private 
and friendly Correspondence also.” See the Letters of Alderman 
Robert Heyrick and others (who were Shakespeare’s contempo- 
raries) in the “History of Leicestershire,” vol, Ll. p, 624. But 

: u 


214 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF LITERATURE. 


© But now it is time; once more, that I should think 
of releasing you. - How can I possibly ever retaliate 
the vast! trouble I am giving you?. Nothing ‘makes 
me so easy as that you are so good to take-some plea- 
sure! init. I have taken the hberty (with which I 
desire you will indulge'me) to enrich the letter W. 
in my List of Subscribers with your nate for a sett 
of my Royal-paper Books *. ‘ 

sal had the, pleasure, yesterday of drinking your 
health, with hearty zeal, at your Friend Mr. Bur, 
roughs’s-+, the Master in Chancery. 

BF ayo I wish ardently our distance were 
less: and, ‘as Cleopatra says her Anthony. should 
have everyday. several greetings, or she would unpeo- 
ple Egypt; so L regret I cannot every day receive a 
packet from you, though the expence were a tax of 
weight upon my. pocket,;, I.remain, dear Sir, your 
most obliged and affectionate humble servant, 

dOnt: 54 " Lew. THEOBALD. 


ft 


AAUEL allo comptapessspiog degbaies vi ect P 


To Mt. Martuew Concanen, ‘Fléet-street }. 


“ Demitte auriculas, ut inique mentis asellus 

‘ Cum ‘gravius dorso subiit onus.” Hoa, 1 Sat. ix. 20, 

Sir, ‘yan's Court, April 15, 1729. 
‘If we look a little 1nto the conduct and custom of 
the world, it may’ not’ ni dire so extraordinary as 
some have thought it, that’ Mr. Pope, because he 
cannot be the Fountain of Honour to mankind, should 
be fond of usurping the Fountain of fnfamy, and 
please himself with dealing out a fund of. dirty pro- 
motions from that inexhaustible spring. And as 


* In the List of Subscribers we find’ Rev. Mr. William War- 
burton, one large, and one demy copy.” ! 

+ Samuel Burroughs, Esq. who was appointed a Master in 
Chancery Feb. 17, 1726-7. ) 

} Printed in the Daily Journal April 17, 1729. 


nothing 


‘THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. 215 


‘nothing yields amore sincere delight than to see the 
‘workings ‘of a beneficent mind; I:doubt: not’ but 
‘every goodman is" rejoiced to observe this ‘great 
Prince ‘creating Dunces upon Dunces, of his- own 
free-will and motion, ‘with so much alacrity, andvall 
‘in a due subordination. » It is certain, I ought to be 
very well satisfied with my share of honours in his 
kingdom of Dullness, since the preamble to my pa- 
tent is, that he could not find one more fit to wear 
them. 1 would not willingly act like the favourite, 
whom Shakespeare somewhere describes, who, being 
made proud by his Prince, advanced his pride against 
the Power that bred it. But I would rather, like a 
teful favourite, lay out my talents in asserting the 
egality of my Master's title to those dominions, in 
which he exercises so free a sway, and from whence 
he so unsparingly dispenses his promotions. 

And: since’ I have mentioned Shakespeare (one 
of the tributaries by conquest. made subservient to 
his Throne), I will attempt to convince unbelievers, 
by some few instances of his prowess, with,what a 
strength of arm, and fineness of head, he has hum- 
bled that proud Adversary to his sceptre, Or (to 
step out of all metaphor at once) 1 will attempt to 
shew with what fidelity he has performed the dull 
office of an Editor, hardly without aiming’ to under- 
stand his Author himself, or having any ambition 
that his Readers ever should. Or, where he does 

_ aim, to shew that he has such a happy fatality at 
mistaking, that we are to wish he would not explain 
the Author into nonsense. Give me leave to subjoin 
some examples, just as they occur to my observation. 

I, Much Ado about Nothing, Act IIT. Se. 5: 

i Sometimes fashioning them like Pharoah’s 
soldiers in the rechy painting, sometimes like the 
God Bel’s priests in the old church window, &c. 

Mr. Pope is pleased to tell us, that rechie signifies 
valuab ig FH the Poet had no intention here of com- 

plimenting the richness, or value, of the as 

n 


216 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


On the other hand, he would speak despicably of 
it, as of a common wall-painting; as lie-does in ano- 
ther Play of the story of the Prodigal, andthe Ger- 
man-hunting in Water-work. We may be pretty 
sure, therefore, our Author wrote, the reechy paint- 
ing; 2. e. smoke-dried,' exposed) to weather, or 
reeking and steaming with nastiness. 

There are two other passages, where, I remem- 
ber, this word again occurs in our Author. 
 ‘Coriolanus, Act II. Se. 4: 
om ——__'The'kitchen-maukin pins 

Her ‘richest lockram *bout her reechy neck, “&c. 
_ And Hamlet, Act III. Sc. 11: 

And let him for a pair of reechy kisses, 

Or padling in your neck, &c. 

Now if reechy,.in either of these passages, signi- 
fies valuable, 1 shall. be.content to pins Mr. Pope’s 
gloss upon the passage first quoted. wrTye 

MI, Henry VII. Act I. Se. 1: 

~~ One sure that promises no Element 

Tn stich a business. 

“ Here we are told that Element is Rudiment, ‘or 
Beginning. But here again the common sense of 
the passage is explained away. Shakespeare means 
no more than that, he is one who promises no quali- 
fications, no talents for such a business; or is not in 
a sphere for it. In these acceptations, I think our 
Poet generally uses the phrase. So, 

Merry Wives of Windsor, Act IV. Sc. 4: 

And such dawbry as this is beyond our Zvement. 

Twelfth Night, Act III. Se. 2: ' : 

What you would, is out of my welkin ; I might 
© - say Element, butthe word is over-worn. 

And again, Act III. Se.9: 

"You are idle shallow things, Tam not of’ your 

~ Element, ‘ . 

In 


‘THEOBALD ANDCONCANEN. | 217 


_ In every one.of which quotations Mr. Pope's 
gloss would.be.out of the way. It, would not be 
amiss, perhaps, that this Commentator, should re- 
member,— 4, man may be sometimes out of his 
Element... ' 1 

WI. King Lear; Act IIT. Se. 2: 

‘Crack Nature’s mould, all Germains spill at. once 
That make ingrateful man, t 

All relations or kindred elements that compose 
man; as Mr. Pope expounds it. But, with submis- 
sion, the text must first be slightly amended, and 
we shall easily come at a better explication. -Read, 

all Germons spill at once, &e. 

i.e. Germina, Seeds of Matter. : 
_ So, again, in Macbeth, Act IV. Sc. 2: 

f thongh ‘the treasure 

OF Nature’s Gerniins tumble all together, 

Ev’n till Destraction sicken. 
For so it must here likewise be corrected. ' And, 
to put this emendation beyond all doubt, ‘J will pro- 
duce one more passage, where our Author not only 
uses the same ‘thought again, but the word that as- 
certains my explication into the bargain. 

Winter's Tale, Act IV. Sc. 9: 

- Let Nature crush the sides o’ th’ earth together, 

| And marr the seeds within. 

IV. King Lear, Act I. Sc. 6: ; 

——_——— Wherefore should I __ 
Stand in the plague of custom, and permit 
The Nicety of nations to deprive me, &c. 

I would very willingly know, as Mr. Pope declares 
against his having made.any innovations, from what 
authority he has adopted this quaint word, JVicety : 
Itisin none of the old copies, that ever I have seen ; 
andif he:deriyes it either from Mr. Rowe's Edition, 
or Mr, Tate’s alteration of this Play, he must give me 
leaye to. except against it. The old reading (which, 
I presume, Mr, Pope did not ‘know what nny 

wi of), 


‘218 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of), it is true, is corrupted — The Curiosity of na- 
tions — but’ out of it’ T will venture to restore the 
-Poet’s genuine word: hy?) 
The Courtesy of nations to dlepeive me, tes 
Our accurate Editor might: have: observed, that 
his Author chuses the very term upon the dike occa- 
sion, in another of his Plays. 
As you like it, Act I. Sc. I: 
The Courtesy of nations allows you my better, in 
that you are the first born. 
So, in another place, he substitutes it for birth- 
wright. 
Cymbeline, Act IV. Sc. 8: 
——____—— aye hopeless 
To have the Courtesy your Cradle piggnis'd.” 
And, for the more vulgar use of the phrase, I do 
not doubt but Mr. Pope may» have. heard, that cer- 
tain lands and honours are held by ‘Courtesy of 
Y. Menthte for Méssare; Act III. Se. 4: 
—_——+--+—— Say to thyself, 
From,their abominableand beastly touches, 
I drink,, I eat away myself, and live, . 
This.a very excellent instance of our Editor's sa- 
gacity.. I wish heartily he would have obliged us with 
his’ spbyateal solution, how a man may eat away him-~ 
self and live. Till he does this, I would crave leave 
to substitute by, conjecture : 
Say to thyself, 
' By their abominable and beastly touches, 
I drink, Teat, array myself, and live. 
i.e. 1 feed myself, and put clothes on my back, by 
exercising the vile trade of a bawd. 
VI. Love's Labour Lost, Act III. Sc. 3: 
__ This Signior Junio, giant dwarf, Dan Cupid, 
Some Readers, it is probable, would ‘have been 
glad to know ‘why the Poets call Cupid Signior Ju- 
nio. Has it an allusion to any old tale, or to any 
character in‘any old play? No such thing: ‘i 
there 


~ THEOBALD AND CONCANEN. |. 219 


there is a contrast‘of terms in giant-dwarf, so I have 

a great suspicion there should be in these other 

words, if we could retrieve the true reading, And 

why might it not have been, 
This Senior-Junior, giant-dwarf, Dan Cupid ; 

i. e. this old young man? Iam ‘sure there is a 

description afterwards of him. in this very Play, 

which will be no bad confirmation of this. con- 
jecture: 
This was the way to make his godhead wax, 
..» For he hath been five-thousand yeurs a boy. 
VII. Ibid. Act IV. Sc. 3: 

And why indeed Naso, but for smelling out the odori- 
ferous flowers of fancy? The jerks of invention 
Ses is nothing: so doth the hound his mas- 
ter, &e. 


_ Sagacity. with a vengeance! What? Neither 
sound’sense, true grammar; right inference, point- 
ing, or meaning? — Then, what is invention imi- 
tary? Invention and imitation are certainly two 
distinct things. In short, if Mr. Pope will not 
merrily call it trifling, I will venture to give light to 
this very difficult passage. The speech is by a pe- 
dant, who frequently throws in a word of Latin 
amongst his English; and he is here flourishing 
upon the merit of Invention, beyond that of Imita- 
tion, or copying after another. 
| Correct it thus, and all is plain and intelligible: 
_ ,And why indeed Naso, but for smelling out the odori- 
_ferous flowers of fancy? the jerks of invention ?— 
imitar?, is nothing; so doth the hound his mas- 
“tery &e: 
imitari, i. é. to imitate, copy, or follow after. 
VIII. Titus Andronicus, Act III. Sc. 3: 
Which of your hands hath not defended Rome, 
_» And rear’d aloft the bloody battle-axe, 
') Writing destruction on the enemies castle ? 
* Sagacity again! Unless Mr. Pope means an im- 
provement of the art military, by teaching us that 
‘it was ever,a.custom to. hew down castles with a bat- 
oe tle-axe. 


220 ILLUSERATIONS,OF WTERATURE. 


tle-axe. Or how if he should have a, mind. to tell 
us, that they wore castles formerly upon. their beads 
for defensive armour? There is indeed a passage in 
Troilus and Cressida, where the word again occurs; 
ae and, Diomed, | 
Stand fast, and wear a castle on thy head. 
. Bat, as I cannot, in either case, suppose that a 
eastle could be worn on the head, I will venture to 
read the passage thus: i 
Writing destruction on the enemies cask, 
i. e. an helmet, from the French word casque. A 
broken & in the manuscript. might easily be mis- 
taken for ¢/; and thus, a castle was built at once. 
But 1 think it would be something easier to split an 
helmet witha battle-axe, than cut down a with 
it; and that is one reason which induces me to pro- 
pose this reading. I had designed to throw in ano- 
‘ther emendation upon the word castle; but Ihave 
‘already transgressed the limits of a letter; and there 
‘are two or three topics still behind, that I have an 
occasion to touch upon. } 
“Mr. Pope's Dunciad having lately made its ap- 
pearance in so pompous ashape *, with Notes Vari- 
orum (I am sorry the Editor could not spare us 
this short scrap in a single language); I am very 
well content to pass over the slander of his wit ; but 
ought not, as I apprehend, to rest silent under that 
of his malice, in which he would fix a pretended 
charge of ingratitude upon me—a vice, I hope, of all 
others, the Teast ingrafted in my nature. This charge 
* « This day is published, in a beautiful Letter in4to, acomplete 
and correctEdition of the Dunciap: with the Prolegomena, 
Dissertations and A: nts of Martinus Scriblerus, Testimonia 
Scriptorum, Noftes'Variorum, Index Autorum, Appendix of some 
curious ‘Pieves, Virgil Restored, or a Specimen’for a new Edition 
of that Poet, a Parallel of Mr. Dryden and Mr. Pope, &c.; wherein 
the Errors of all the former Editions.are corrected, the Omissions 
supplied, the Names rectified, and the Reasons for their Insertion 
given; the History of Authors related, and the Anonymous de- 
tected ; the obscure Passages illustrated, and ‘the ‘Imitations and 
‘Allusions toancient-and modern Poets colleeted ; witha Letter to 
the Publisher, by W. C. Esq. Printed for Lawton Gilliver, against 
St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-street.” London Evening Post, 
April 12, 1729. is 


“THEOBALD AND CONCANEN.:— 22t 


is, “ that during the space’ of two years, while Mr? 
Pope was preparing his Edition of Shakespeare, I, 
who had'then somecorrespondence witli him, and was 
soliciting favours by’ letters, did wholly conceal my 
‘design (upon that Author) till after his publication.” 
To one part of this accusation I have replied in a 
former letter in this paper*. To say I concealed my 
design, is a slight mistake’: for T had no such cer- 
bor : ign, till I saw how incorrect an Edition Mr. 
iven the publick.. To the other part, I 
think, I * agp ent charge my memory vith alb 
the favours that ever 4 ventured to ask of Mr. Pope;, 
and I challenge him to produce my letters against 
me, if he thinks there is any room: for it. The first 
favour that I asked was, when I introduced a Play 
upon the stage, that he would assist me in a few 
tickets towards my benefit. In about a month after 
this request, I received my packet back, with this 
civil exeuse, “that he had been all the while from 
home, and had not my parcel till it was too late to 
do any thing with it.” This, I confess, induced me, 
when I put out my Proposals for Auschylus, to soli- 
cit Mr. Pope for this second favour, that he would 
lease to recommend that my design, if it did not 
interfere with his own affair of the Odyssey. ,'To this 
Mr, Pope replied by Letter, “ that he was glad I 
had undertaken this Work ; and should be as glad 
to promote my interest, notwithstanding his own 
iption tothe Odyssey: that his own awkward- 

ness, and indeed inability, of soliciting in any 
kind; made him quite useless to his own interest ; 
but, that he might not be intirely so to mine, he would 
ask those of his Friends for me, with whom he was 
iar enough to ask any thing.” But, from that 
day to the publication of my “ Shakespeare Restored,” 
(an interval’ of above two years) I never received one 
line from Mr. Pope, no intimation of one Subscriber 
by his imterest, not even an order that I should put 
his own name down ‘in my list. Upon this naked 
2 * The Daily Journal. a 

ac 


222 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


fact I submit the censure both of my obligations and 
ingratitude. 

he’ Publick should not have been troubled with 
this state of the case, had not these insinuations 
been industriously propagated at this crisis, both to 
hurt my interest in my subscription for my “ Re- 
marks on Shakespeare,” which will now shortly ap- 
pear in the world; and in that Play which is designed 
for my benefit on Monday next in the Theatre at 
Drury-lane*. It is my misfortune, I can boast but 
of avery scanty interest, and much less merit ; and, 
consequently, both are the more easily to be shocked. 
T had no method, but this+-, of appealing to those 
many, whom I have not the honour of approach- 
ing, for their favour; and of humbly hoping 
it the rather, because all my poor attempts in 
writing are calculated to entertain, and none at the 
expence of any man's character. Iam, Sir, your 
obedient humble servant, Lew. Tueopatp. 


LETTER VIL 


Rev. Sryan Tuiripy to Mr. Tueosap. 
Sir, Camb. Jesus College, May 7, 1729- 
I received Proposals, and six receipts. I have re- 
ceived that gentleman’s subscription-money for whom 
you filled ie receipt here, which you said you would 
leave with Dr. Thomas Bentley; but he not being in 
Cambridge, I gave him one of my six. His name is 
Peter Wyche, esq. Please to add him to the list, 
if he be not there already, and Mt. Richard Sterne, 
and Mr. William Pawson. At last I send you the 
list of such of my conjectures as I am at present not 
unwilling to.own.. I waited some time, in expecta- 
tionof my Quarto, which I wanted to consult about 
some places; but the chief occasion of the delay has 
been sickness. If you know any of them to be 
wrong, either from the authority of editions which 
I have not seen, or from your much better acquaint= 
ance with Shakespear’s style, or from the books from 


* See before, p. 212. «+ Through the medium of a Newspaper. 
Mr. Pope's Edition. which 


THIRLBY AND THEOBALD... - 223 


which he took, his matter, or from) any :other way,, 
or if you have better of your own upon the: same 
places, I desire you to suppress them *. [f, you doubt 
of any of them upon the force of any objections not 
mentioned to me when you was here, you: will 
oblige me if you will please to take the trouble to 
communicate to me those objections. . You will 
wonder :perhaps at the shortness of the list, espe- 
cially haying, I suppose, transcribed from the mar- 
ginof my book +, many things which J fancy you will 
think as certain as many, if not any, of those here 
inserted, It is in great measure owing to the weak- 
ness and Janguor attending long illness and confine- 
ment to my room, which utterly indisposed, and 
even disabled me to consider anything carefully, 
or to turn over books; and therefore I was forced to 
pass over such as I thought would require either the: 
one or the other. Perhaps too I have overlooked 
many through weariness or inadvertency. If God 
grant me life and better health, possibly I may draw 
out a much greater number’ time enough to make 
an Appendix to your book, and add to them many 
others which have occurred to me since [ saw you, 
as I think I mentioned in my last.. I think it ne- 
cessary, especially considering the ill, condition of 
oa health, and the very great effect it has had upon 
all the faculties of my mind, to let them lie by me, 
at least till then, ut refrigerato inventionis amore 
* « Dr, Jortin tells us, Dr. Thirlhy was once resolved to pub- 
lish. Shakespear, and persuaded Jortin to read over that Poet, 
with a view to mark thepassages where he had either imitated 
Greek and Latin writers, or at least fallen into the same thoughts 
and expressions, ‘‘ Many of these allusions, or coincidences,” 
ii Jortin, “appeared; but Thirlby dropped his design, 
and I mine.” —It is much to be lamented that such a design 
came to | jothing when it had got into hands so able, It appears 
as if Dr. Jortin had a higher opinion of the learning of Shakes- 
pear than has been entertained s:bsequently to the year 1766, 
when Dr. Farmer publishes his first Essay on’ the subject.” 
" \ an Illustrations of Hogarth, 1816, p. 3. 
. + OF Dr. Thirlby’s copy of Shakespear, which he bequeathed, 
with all his other bowks and'papers, to Sir Edwatd Walpole, see 
the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IV. p. 268. 


wequinus 


224 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


eequius velut lector perpendam, if that be possible. 

But, however that may be, at present I tong of 

nothing. Iam, Sir, ! 
Your most humble servant, S. Tarrisy. 

Mr. Pope's DUODECIMO EDITION, 1728, VOL. I. 

P. 52.1. 5. Each putter out of five for one.) 
Perhaps the true reading may be five for ten, or 
one for five. It was usual in those times for travel~ 
lers to put out money, to receive a greater sum if 
they lived to return. I determine nothing concern- 
ing the reading, but the exposition is certain. See 
Monson’s Itinerary (I think that is the title he gives 
his Travels), part I. p. 198, & seqq. You may bor- 
row it of Mr. Budgell. 

P. 73.1. 25. In all our trim.] In all her trim. 

P. 98. 1. 29. The one Pll stay, the other stayeth 
me.| I read, the one I'll slay, the other slayeth me. 

- 111.1. 8,9, 10, 11. Mine ear—prove me. }) 

Leg. Mine—note, 

So—shape ; 

And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth (or do) 

move me. 

On the first—love thee. 

P.126.1.13. They wilfully exile themselves from 
light.| 1 read exiled; and incline to think Obe- 
ron’s speech should begin here. 

P. 126.1. 26. Goblin, lead them up and down,} 
for Goblin il lead them up and down. 

P.131.1. 1 Dian’s bud, or Cupid's pfoser 

21,22. § Hath such force and blessed power. 

Tread, Dian’s bud o’er Cupid’s flower 

Hath such force and blessed power. 

P.131. 1. 29, 30. Titania, musick cal ad strike 
more dead than common sleep. Of all these fme 
the sense. |. for - dead than common sleep, of 
all these five the sense. ‘The five are, Demetrius, 
Lysander, Hermia, Helena, and Bottom. 

P. 158. 1.31. Nay, in that you are astray, ’twere 
best pound you.] Leg. Nay, in that you are a 


stray, &c. 
P. 238. 


: ““PHIRLBY AND THEOBALD. ~ 225 
P9283. 1. 6. opportunity, for importunity. 
P3101. 6. Herne, Yon ts ny i. 

P. 443. 16,17, 18. Ant. What's her name? 
ym. Nell, Sir; but her name is three quarters; 
that is, an ell'and three quarters will not measure her 
from hip to hip] —Fol. but her name is three quar- 
ters, that’s an ell and three quarters, will not, &ec. 
for but her name and three quarters, that’s an ell 

be 9 = uarters, will not, &c. 

P. 558. 1. 14. speeds, for s ¥, 5 
P. 562. 1. 9. on. pee will stop your 

pig see no cause for Leonato to say this. I 

fancy Benedict says it, and kisses her. 


VOL, It. 

P. 8. 1. 21. almost damm.]. 1 think it should be 
diiiin ; “and so it is in Rowe's edition. I suppose he 
alludés to’ Matth. v.22. “ Whosoever shall say to his 
brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council; 
but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in dan- 
ger of hell fire.” ee Dae 

P. 59. 1. 14, 15. This comes too near the praising 
of myself. Therefore no more of it: here other 
things,] for hear other things. 

P. 65. |. 27.32. Some men there are—cannot 
contain their urine for affection. Masterless passion 
sways it ‘to the mood of what it likes or loaths,] for 
Cannot contain their urine; for Affection, Master 
(or Mistress) of Passion, sways it to the mood of 
what it likes or loaths.—Folio and Quarto, Masters 
of Passion. 

‘P..129.1. 7. cna L. Hol, for the speech most 
certainly belongs to the Pedant. Nathaniel, I sup- 
pose, is reading the letter to himself. 

P. 130. |. 10. Nath.] This is a mistake. Al- 
most every word of the speech fathers itself, and 
upon the Pedant. 

P. 139. 1.27. word, for wood. 

P. 149.1.6,7. | You care not for me. 

VOL. I, a Rosa. 


226 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Rosa. Great reason; for past care is still past cure,] 
for past cure is still past care. 

P. 175.1. 17—2. Biron. And what—people sick.] 
I think this should be struck out, not as an interpo- 
lation, but as the author's first draught, afterwards 
rejected, and wrote over again, which second writing 
we have below, p. 176. l. 5, & seqq. 

P. 296. 1. 30,31. And her with-holds he from me. 
Other more suitors, &c.] for And her with-holds 
from me, and other more, &c.— Folio, And her 
with-holds from me. Other more, &e. 

P. 299. 1. 27. yes, for ours. 

P. 317. 1.31. P.318.1.1. for Biano, In time. 

Luc. Mistrust it not. 

Biano. I trust. 

P. 392. |. 9. help, for heaven. 

P. 399. 1. 8. From lowest place, whence virtuous 
things proceed.] Leg. From lowest ples when, &c. 

P. 399. 1. 23, 24. Leg. tomb of honour’d bones 
indeed. What, &c. 

P. 411.1. 4. fell, Leg. fall. 

P. 508. 1. 28. hear, for here. 

P. 642.1. 31. his, for her. 


VOL, Ill. 


P. 12.1, 1—4. And permit the nicety—brother. | 
—Folio and Quarto, The curiosity. I read, The 
courtesy.— Vol. II. p. 184. 1. 25, 26.. The courtesie 
of nations allows you my better in that. You are 
the first born. 

P, [138.] 1.12. as she, for a she. 

a 138. 1. 2, 3. That when—that lights, for and 
lights. 

°P. 207.1.17. L. Granted. You, my Lord. 

P. 350. |. 31. And bless’d and grac’d more than 
the King himself.— Folio, And bless’d and grac'd, 
and did more than the King) for And bless’dand 
grac’d indeed more than the King. 

P. 352. 


THIRLBY AND THEOBALD. 227 


P. 352. 1.5 to8. © We may meet 
At either end in peace ;' which heav’n so frame! 
Or to the; Ke. for 
ae We may meet, 
And either end in peace (which heav’n so frame) 
Or, &e: 

P. 465.1. 1—4, for 1. 4. 3. 2. 


vidwriisn VOL, Iv. 

P. 148.1.16. And as the butcher takes away the 
calf, and binds the wretch, and beats it when it 
strays,| for strives. If you doubt of the propriety 
of the word, see vol. Il. -p. 124. 127. vol. VI. p. 
580. 582. 

P. 279. 1. 26. His soldiers lurking in the town 
about,] for towns. See pp. 280, 281. 

P. 460. 1. 13, 14. He may, my Lord, h’ as where- 
withall in him; Sparing would shew a worse sin 
than ill eel for He may, my Lord; h’ as 
wherewithall: in him Sparing, &c. 

P. 547.1. 3,4. To you, my good Lord-mayor, 
and you good brethren, I am much beholden.} for 
—— And your good brethren, I am much be- 
holden. 


VOL. V. 


'P. 73. 1. 25. It almost turns my dangerous nature 
wild,| for mild. 
~ P. 108: 1. 23, 24. Who ‘sensibly outdares his 
senseless sword, and when it bows, stands up: thou 
art left, Martius.) for Who, sensible, outdoes his 
senseless sword, and when it bows, stands up. Thou 
art left, Martius. 

P. 110, 1. 19. Thee] Leg. You. 

P. 111. 1. 22, 23. In arms as sound, as when I 
woo'd in heart; As merry, as when our nuptial day 


‘ was done.| for In arms as sound as when I woo'd, 


' 


In heart as merry, &c. 
P. 149. 1. 15. accusation, for accusations. 
a2 P. 197. 


226 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 197.1. 14, 15. Guess bué my entertainment 
with him; if thou stand’st not?’ th’ state of hanging. | 
for Guess by my entertainment with him if thou, &c. 

P. 198. 1. 2. for Than pity note how much. 

P. 249. 1. 30. heard—folio, heare, for are. 

P. 257. 1. 34, 35, 36. I do know—and that Iam 
he.] for and that one am I.— Perhaps the figure of 
one was used for the word, which being once mis- 
taken for I, the other change would naturally fol- 
low. Some perhaps may think this more likely to 
be the true reading: “ Unshaked of motion, and I 
am he.” I doubt not but there may be as bad verses 
found in Shakespear: but I am not fond of increas- 
ing the number of them, and I prefer the former 
reading. I should be glad to know what you think 
of the matter. 

P. 338. 1. 13. a fear, for afear'd. I find in the 
margin of my book that you are for the old reading, 
and interpret it a coward. If you have any exam- 
ples to support that exposition, be so kind as to send 
them me. In the mean time I cannot but think 
afear'd is the true reading. 

P. 361. 1. 12, 13. When the best hint was given 
him, he o’erlook’d, or did it from his teeth. |—Folio, 
not look’t, for not took’t. 

P. 383. |. 7. discattering. — Folio, discandering. 
Possibly Shakespear wrote discandying. Sed nihil 
statuo. If you please, and it be worth while, con- 
sider a little of it; for I have objections against it, 
and let me know your opinion of it; and. whether 
Shakespear ever uses the word discatter. 

P. 390. 1. 5. 8. 23. eros, for. soldier, 

P. 398. 1. 23. dolts, for doits. 

P. 409. 1. 3. Menas, for Mecenas, 

P. 411. 1. 23, 24. Her life in Rome would be 
eternal in our triumph.] What if we should read, 
* Would be eternalling our triumph.” 

P. 415.1. 19. Antony, for Autumn, 


P. 519.1. 3. swell’d, for well'd. 
VOL. 


' THIRLBY AND THEOBALD. 229 


fripenares VOL, VI. 

P. 44:1. 17. the, for their. 

P. 69. 1. 32, 33. And go to dust thatis a little 
gilt, more land than gilt o’erdusted.] for And give 
to dust that is a little gilt, more land than gold o’er- 
dusted.: 

' PP. g7- 1.19, 20. male-varlet, for male-harlot. 

P. 103. 1. 23, 24. Del. Dio and Cre. 

P.142. 1.7, 8. As you value your trust, Leonatus. | 
Sor As you value your trusty Leonatus. 

P. 200. 1. 13—18. Why—threat us? Play judge 
and executioner all himself? For we do fear no 
law.] for threat us, Play judge and executioner all 
himself, For we do fear the law ?— Finding in the 
margin of my book, Mr. Theobald is dubious, I 
have considered this over and over.as attentively as 
my disordered head would give me leave, but can 
see no cause to change my mind. I should be glad 
to know your objections. See at the bottom. 

P. 216. 1. 10. Our Britain’s hearts dye flying, not 
our men.] for Our Britain’s harts. And what if 
we should read her for our, which is just now come 
into my head. I think I should rather have wrote 
her, and rather incline to think that Shakespear did; 
but as it is very uncertain, and of no consequence, 
I would not have it mentioned. 

P. 249. 1. 25. Pursued my humour, not pursuing 
his, for him. 

P. 425. 1. 25—29. That monster custom, who all 
sense doth eat, Of habit’s devil, is angel yet in this, 
ois for Who all sense doth eat Of habits evil, &c. 

. 451. 1.3. other Christians. |—Folio, their even 
Christian.— Quarto, 1605, and 1611, their even 
Christen—which is the true reading.—Spelman, 
Glossar. p. 194: Emmne Christen. Frater in Christo 
Saxonicum, quod male intelligentes even Christian 
proferunt: atque ita editur in oratione Henrici VIII. 
ad parliamentum an. regn. 37. sed recte in LL, Ed- 
ouardi Confes. ca. 36. fratrem paver g Angli 

icunt— 


bes di 


230 TLLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


dicunt emne Lypuyten—t believe that learned An- 
tiquary is mistaken in making even a corruption 
of emne; for even or een, and emne;! are Saxon 
words of the same signification. 

Concerning vol. VI. p. 200. 1. 1g—18. I can put 
you out of doubt; for the folio edition has the, 
though the pointing indeed is as in’ Mr. Pope's 
edition. S. Turey. 


LETTER VIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, May 20, 1729. 

Since the pleasure of your last (for not answering 
to which sooner I will attempt no apology, as you 

- have given me so free an indulgence ;) | have received 
your pamphlet on the Priest’s pretended Disposses- 
sions, which I have read over with mucly satisfac- 
tion. I will make some few extracts from it; and 
carefully return it by the carrier. I am much in debt 
for the many beautiful conjectures and hints your 
Epistles afford ; and as you have befriended me 
with your aid in my doubts about The Tempest; this 
(without further interruption) shall give you the 
list of those passages in which I want light, and to 
which I have endeavoured to give some, upon the 
Midsummer Night’s Dream. 

P. 80. I swear to thee by Cupid’s strongest bow, 

—— with the g: Iden head. 

As all the subsequent lines of this beautiful adju- 
ration are in rhyme, I have suspected this couplet 
should be so too; but, as I cannot tell what change to 
make, perhaps the Poet might not begin his chime 
till the next two verses. 

Ibid. Your eyes are Loadstars. 

Does he mean, there is the same attractive force 
in your eyes, as in the Loadsténe? Loadstar, I sup- 
pose, is a term of his own. 

P. 81. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 231 


~’P. 81. Emptying our bosoms of their counsels swell’d, 
: There my Lysander and myself shall meet, 
And thence from Athens turn away our eyes, 
To seek new friends, and strange companions. 

As this whole Scene betwixt Hermia, Helena, 
and Lysander, is strictly in rhyme, I cannot but 
think these two couplets deviate through a corrup- 
tion: and I therefore have attempted to restore them 
to metre, thus: 

Emptying our bosoms of their counsels sweet ; 
There my Lysander and myself shall meet, 
And thence from Athens turn away our eyes, 
To seek new friends, and stranger companies. 

For this manner of use of the word stranger, 
I have frequent authorities from our Poet, which I 
need not at present trouble you with. 

P.83. I could play Zrcles rarely, or a part to tear 

, acatin. 

What does this odd expression allude to? I con- 
fess, I have hardly formed any idea from it. And. 
yet it is not minted by our Shakespeare, [ find: for 
inan old play called the ¢ Isle of Gulls,’ written by 
John Day, we have this speech, after a ranting 
bumbast line : 

* * * Fye upon’t, mere fustian: I had rather 
hear two good baudy jeasts, than a whole play of 
such ¢eare-cat thunder-claps. 

Ibid & 84, 2. Robin Starveling, you must play This- 

by’s Mother. 
* * * &© * * &€ *&~ * HH KH * 
2. You, Pyramus’s father: myself, This- 
by’s Father. 

Here seems to me a double forgetfulness of our 
Poet. There are no Father and Mother of Thisbe, 
or Father of Pyramus, introduced, when the inter- 
Jude comes to be represented. But there are Wall 
and Moonshine, of whom there is not the least men- 
tion in this Scene. 


P. 88. The Ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in 


vain, 
This 


232 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


This whole description of the disorder in the Sea- 
sons, I think you told me, seemed.a copy from 
Ovid, but I have forgot from what episode. 

Ibid. The nine-men’s-morris is all filled with mud. 


I do not know what is meant by the nine-men’s- 
morris. 

_ Ibid. And on old Hyem’s chin and icy crown 
An odorous chaplet of sweet sammer-buds 
Is as in mockry set. 

The Editions agree in this reading; and it stag- 
gered me to hear of a chaplet, or garland, on the 
chin; I therefore conjectured it should be, 

And on old Hyem’s chill and icy crown. 

But, upon looking into Paschalius.de Coronis, I 
find many instances of the antients having chaplets 
on their necks, as well as temples; so that, if we 
may suppose Hyem is represented here as an old 
man, bending his chin towards his breast, then a 
chaplet round his neck may properly enough be said 
to be on his chin, So Iam much in doubt about my 
first conjecture. 

P.93, Then for the third part of a minute hence 

Some to kill cankers, &c. 

The Fairies here are appointed their respective 
tasks: but are these tasks to continue only for the 
third part of a minute? -I have little doubt but 
Shakespeare wrote : 

Then “fore the third part of a minute, hence. 


i. e. As soon as your roundel and fairy-song are 
dispatched, then, in a trice, before the third part of 
a minute, get you gone to do so and so. 

P..95.. Near to this lack-loye, this kill-courtesie. 

This verse, you will observe, as Ben Jonson says, 
is broke loose from its fellows, and wants to be tied 
up. And the other lines of Puck may easily be re- 
duced to seven syllables, this shoots out into ten. 

I fancy the Poet wrote thus: 

Near to this A7d/-courtesie, 


And 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 233 


'And this being a term somewhat uneommon, 
might not the Loy fa explain it by this additional 
gloss —this Lack-love ? 

P. 103. Enter Pease-blossom, Cobweb, Moth, Mus- 

- tardseed, and four Fairies. 

I only quote this to shew you Mr. Pope’s applica- 
tion to i old Books, and a of rruleplytag sight 
out of four. In the two Quarto Editions (printed 
anno 1600), Titania calls m four Fairies by their 
names—Pease-blossom, Cobweb, Moth, and Mus- 
tardseed ;— and then itis marked — Enter four Fai- 
ries. — But, before I dismiss these wights, I should 
be glad to know why in this Scene, and in another 
p. 118, Bottom should address himself to Pease- 
blossom, Cobweb, and Mustardseed, and not say 
one syllable either of, or to, poor Moth. 

P. 104. And forth my Minnock comes. 

This word I can neither trace, nor account for. 

P, 105. And at our Stamp here. 

T am afraid, this is corrupt; I own, I do not un- 
derstand it. _Perhaps,— And at our stump here — 

inting to the stump of some tree, over which the 
Frigh rusticks fell. 

P. 110. | Two of the first Zife, Coats in Heraldry, 

‘Due but to one, and crowned but with one 
crest. ; 

Our modern Editors have an admirable trick of 
passing over unintelligible nonsense and fancying 
they comprehend it.— What idea could Mr. Pope 
have of —“ Two of the first Life ?”—I believe, I may 
venture to give you an emendation of this passage, 
that you will readily acquiesce in. 

Two of the first, dike Coats in Heraldry, 
Due but to One. 

One, two, &c. of the first, second, &c. are terms 
peculiar in Heraldry to distinguish the Quartering 
of Coats. So in Ben Jonson’s Staple ‘of News, 
Act 4, Se. 4. 

. He 


234 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


He bears, 
In a field Azure, a Sun proper, beamy, 
Twelve of the Second. 
And again, 
She bears (an’t please you,) Argent, three leeks 
Vert. . 
In canton Or, and tassell’d of the First. 


P. 111. Thou canst compel, no more than she entreat, 
Thy threats have no more strength, than her 
weak praise. 

Sure, the sense and opposition of terms, aimed at 
in both lines, require that we should read —her 
weak pray’rs. 

-oR.:113... You Minimus, of hind’ring knotgrass made. 

This is a little out of my reach. Is Minimus any 
ways a term of art?. I cannot think Shakespeare so 
rude in Grammar as to call a woman Minimus. 

P. 115. They wilfully exile themselves. 

I have a suspicion it should be evxil'd;— and 
please to consider whether Oberon’s Speech should 
not more naturally begin at this couplet. 

*.P.120. Dian’s Bud, or Cupid’s Flow’r 
Hath such force and blessed power. 

Oberon here is disenchanting his Queen, but this 
was not to be done with Cupid’s Flower, which, in 
p- 90, he calls Love in Idleness, the juice of which 
was to cause a doating passion for the object first 
seen; and he says in the same page, he must take 
the charm off with another herb, which we may ima- 
gine is Dian’s Bud. Should we not read, think you: 

Dian’s Bud o’er Cupid’s Flow’r 
Hath ——— ----—_____—_. 

Ibid. Titania, musick call, and strike more dead 
Than common sleep. Of all these fine the sense. 

This, Iam afraid, is corrupt both in the text and 
the pointing. Would musick, that was to strike 
them into a deeper sleep than ordinary, contribute 
to fine, or refine their senses? May we not rather 
think this was our Poet's true reading? 

Titania, 


bi 


. THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 235 


Titania, Musick cal] ;. and strike more dead 
Than common sleep of all these five the sense. 

i, e. of Demetrius, Lysander, Hermia, Helena, 
and Bottom, who all lay asleep upon the stage. 

P.121. Then, my Queen, in silence sad. 

Why sad? Fairies, as we imagine, are pleased to | 
trip after the night’s shade. For that reason, and 
for bettering the rhyme a little, I am willing to 
think it should be—in silence fate i.e, vanish; in 
which sense our Poet perpetually employs this word. 

P. 121, I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, 

: When in a wood of Crete. 

Does not the Poet forget the truth of fable a little 
here? Hippolita was just brought into the country 
of the Amazons by Theseus, and how could she 
have been in Crete with Hercules and Cadmus ? 

Ibid. —-———-—— They bay’d the Bear. 

Should it not be Boar? The Erymathian Boar, 
you know, is famous among the Herculean Labours. 

I imagined this letter, dear Sir, might have run 
through the Midsummer Night's Dream; but I have 
a full page for you still behind, which I propose to 
trouble you with by the very next post; and I shall 
make out the remainder of my Letter in desiring your 
judgment on some occasional passages, that either 
stick with me, or that I have ventured to tamper 
with. Believe me, with a true zeal and respect, 
Sir, your most obliged humble servant, 

L. THEOBALD. 


LETTER IX. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarsurTon. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, May 27, 1729. 
According to the proposition in my last, I here 
proceed to. trouble you with the remainder of my 
observations on Midsummer Night's Dream; and 
then will fill.up the measure of my letter with “ee 
bs random 


236 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


random enquiries, on which I much want your inge- 
nious assistance and judgment. 

P.122. Thes. Good-morrow, Friends; Saint Valen- 

tine is past. 

I wonder Mr. Pope did not substitute here some 
imodern reading, to cure this signal anachronism : 
and yet, if I should think fit to take notice of it, I 
doubt not but he will say, “ it might have slept but 
for this Great Restorer !”—though I shall make no 
scruple to give it as my opinion, that our Poet was 
as well aware, as we are now, that Theseus might 
be a little earlier in time than St. Valentine. 

P. 124. It shall be call’d Bottom’s Dream, because 

it hath no Bottom. 

Ben Jonson, and Beaumont and Fletcher (as I 
shall have occasion to observe) have frequent girds 
at passages in our Author; and I am in doubt whe- 
ther Beaumont towards the conclusion of the Beg- 
gar’s Bush is not flurting at this place in our Poet : 

—_——_—— We havea course; 
The Spirit of Bottom is grown bottomless. 

There is no such character as Bottom in the Beg- - 
gar’s Bush ; so that, unless some mystery in cant-lan- 
guage lie hid under the expression, I cannot imagine 
what it can allude to, if not a raillery on the passa 
before us. But, perhaps, you may give me better light. 

Ibid. And I will sing it in the latter end of a play 

before the Duke: peradyenture, to make it 
the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death, 

At her death!— At whose? In all Bottom’s 
speech there is not the least mention of any she-crea- 
ture, to whom this relative can be coupled. I make 
not the least scruple but Bottom, for the sake of a 
jest, and to render his voluntary, as we may call it, 
the more gracious and extraordinary, said, 

I shall sing it after death. 

He, you know, as Pyramus, is killed upon the 

scene; and so might promise to rise again at the 
: conclusion 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 237 


conclusion. of the interlude, and give the Duke his 
Dream by way of song. . If this conjecture be right,. 
the source of the corruption is very obvious, e 
Fin after being sunk by the vulgar pronunciation, 
the copyist might write it from the sound — a’ter ; 
which the wise Editors not understanding, concluded, 
two words were falsely got together, so splitting 
them, and clapping in an h produced the present 
reading —at her. ; 

P.125, You must say Paragon; a Paramour is (God 

bless us!) athing of nought. 

T suspect it should be, 

athing of naught. 

i. e. a naughty thing, little better than downright 
bawdy. So Ophelia to Hamlet, when he talks a 
little grossly to her, says, 

You’re naught, you’re naught, my Lord. 
Ibid. For the short and the long is, our play is pre- 
Serred. 

The Poet could not forget himself so much, as to 
make this blunder. It is plain, till p. 128, Theseus 
had not made choice of any play, and then fixes on 
Pyramus. I have therefore suspected, that the 
change of a single letter is requisite here, to set mat- 
ters right : 

Our Play is proffered. 

i. e, put into the catalogue of such out of which 
the 9 gag to chuse; unless we may allow that 
preferred here will signify, put up among the rest, 
for the Duke’s liking ; as we say, “ prefer a petition,” 
i. e, lodge one in order to get an answer to It. 

And so we.come to the end of the Fourth Act: 
but here, Sir, I would beg you to examine one 
pea forme. Itseems very probable to me that the 

ifth Act should begin at the fourth Scene of the 
fourth Act: or else that a change of the Scenery 
should be there marked, from the Wood to Ae, 

MA 


238 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


My reasons are these: Bottom wakes in the wood,’ 
and, finding he was left by his fellow comedians, 

seems to have no farther business there. — Quince, 
Flute, Snout, and Starveling, had been horribly 

frighted out of the wood; and they ‘should hardly 

venture back thither in quest of their companion : — 

Besides, if they did venture to come back again, 

their first speech is very absurd and improper ; and 

rather seems to imply, they were at home in ex- 

pectation of his return.—And again, unless Bottom 

was come to Athens, how could he tell them any 

news of their interlude being proffer’d, or pre- 

ferred ; —I think my suspicions have some weight; 

and Iam more sure you will be able to clear them 

up to me. 


P. 126. And grows to something of great constancy. 

Does not constancy here mean consistency? Or 
how otherwise may we explain this expression? 

P.127. There is a brief how many sports are rife. 

One of the old Quartos which I have, printed in 
1600, reads, “ how many sports are ripe ;” and so I 
think we ought to correct it; 7. e. here is the list 
of all the entertainments that are (ripe or) ready to 
be performed before your Grace. I do not see that 
rife will in any kind answer this sense. 

P. 129. Enter Philomon. 


This is a character never heard of till this instant, 
and certainly we must correct it—Enter Philostrate; 
who, as you may observe, in the very preceding 
page, is sent out by Theseus to introduce the players, 
and then returns to tell him the prologue is ready. 


Ibid. Our true intent is all for your delight, 

We are not here that you should here repent you, 
The Actors are at hand. 

Considering that the whole glee of this prologue 
lies in the gross and ignorant Proloeutor making flat 
nonsense of it, by making the rests all at false ae 

can 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. — 239 


I can but wonder that Mr. Pope did not see the 
pointing should be thus regulated: =~ 
Oar true intent is: — All for your delight 
Weare not here :—that you should here repent you, 
The actors are at hand. 
P. 130. This grizly beast, which Lion hight by name. 
All the rest of this speech is in alternate rhyme; 
but no rhyme remains to name: we must therefore 
either conclude that an intermediate line is lost here; 
or else I suspect an accidental transposition in the 
words, which, set right, may restore it to a triplet, 
This grizly Beast, which by name Lion hight, i 


a3 coming first by night, 

- or rather did affright, 
P.130. That I, one Flute by name, present a Wall. 
Here is a small mistake here, that neither saga- 

city, nor collation with the old copies, could direct 

Mr. Pope to set right. It is plain, from p. 83, 

that Flute played Thisbe. Indeed both the old 

Quartos, in 1600, propagate this error; but the first 

and second Editions in Folio read, as it surely 

ought to be: 5 

That I, one Snout by name. 

P. 132. Here come two noble beasts in, a Man and 

a Lion. 

I do not think the jest here is either complete, or 
right. It is differently pointed in several of the old 
copies, which, I suspect, may lead us to the true 
reading: viz. , 

Here come two noble beasts, in a Man and a Lion. 

But here the text is wrong; immediately, upon 
Theseus saying this, enter Lion and Moonshine. — 
Ican therefore scarce doubt but our Author wrote: 

Here come two noble beasts, in a Afoon and a Lion. 


the one having a crescent and lanthorn before him 
and representing the man in the Moon; the other 
ina Lion's hide. 


P. 135. 


240 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P.135. Dem, And thus she means: videlicet. 
Surely, our Poet wrote: 
: And thus she moans, &c. 

All Thisbe’s subsequent speech being a lamenta- 

tion for Pyramus; and besides, it is said just above: 
Here she comes, and her Passion ends the play. 

Which, by the way, I think should be spoken by 
Philostrate, and not by Theseus; for the former, 
as we find by p. 128, had seen the interlude rehearsed, 
_ and consequently knew how it ended. 
P.135. These lily Zips, this cherry nose, &c. 


All Thisbe’s lamentation runs in metre and ver- 
sification. 

The first and second rhyme. 

The third rhymes to the sixth, 

The fourth and fifth rhyme. 

The sixth rhymes to the third. 

But this versification is, in the single instance 
here quoted, transgressed. There must be therefore, 
I imagine, a small innovation, by some accident or 
other, upon the text. I would restore it thus: 

These lily Brows, 
This cherry flose, &c. . 

Now black brows being a beauty, lily brows are 
as ridiculous as a cherry nose, green eyes, or cow- 
slip cheeks. 

Ibid. Zay them in gore, &c. 

Would it not be better: 

Lave them in gore, &c, ; 

Here, Sir, I conclude this part of my task, and 
have room left to trouble you but with very few 
queries farther at present. But I will continue my 
rule, that no paper shall be lost. 

Merry Wives, p. 212: 

Shall The Racis the fresh fish; the salt fish is 
an old Coat. 

This has been a most inveterate passage to me, 
and so still continues. I propound it to you as a 

riddle, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 241 


riddle, and I wish most fervently you may have the 
luck to solve it; to which end too, I will gladly com- 
municate such hints, if they may possibly give any 
light... Justice Shallow, in this Play; is supposed to 
be Sir Thomas Lucy, who persecuted Shakespeare for 
deer-stealing. The Lucys, as we find by dale’s 
Warwickshire, quartered 12 fishes called Luces in 
their arms; and of Luces, Gesner tells us, there is a 
marine and a fresh-water species. _I was thinking 
that if in Heraldry the fresh-water Luce might sig- 
nify a younger branch, and the sea Luce a head of a 
family, and Falstaff were to say this to Shallow, 
it might ‘a’ a good deal of concealed ‘satire ; 
but then, as Sir Hugh interposes his dialogue, an 
as there is no reply made to this supposed satire, I 
am obliged ‘to disapprove my own conjecture. 


I can have room but for one more; and that shall 
be out of Hamlet, p. 228: 


Haste me to know, that I with wings as swift 
‘As Meditation, or the Thoughts of Love, &c. 
Here is either, I suspect, a most barbarous tauto- 
logy, or a t mistake in terms. Thought, in- 
deed, is swift; but Meditation is not so. That is, I 
take it, a deliberate action of the soul, by. which 
we weigh and ponder our first simple ideas, and so 
form a judgment upon them. 
I imagine our Author wrote, 


As Mediation, or the Thoughts of Love. 


So a tautology will be quite removed ; and a beau- 
ty, in my poor opinion, added to the thought. 


I wish the paper would further comply with my 
inclination : but it shall, in yielding me the scope 
to confess myself, dear Sir, 

Your most sincerely obliged humble servant, 

Lew. THEeovap. 


VOL, Il. R LETTER 


242 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER X. 


To Mr. Warsurton, at Newark. 


Dear Sir, Thursday, 29 May, 1729: 

I have received the pleasure of your last, and 
very zealously embrace the encouragement you 
give me of corresponding ; which I shall always be 

‘ond of continuing, so long as you indulge me in it, 
and I am capable of desiring self-improvement. I 
entirely come into your thoughts, that this episto- 
lary intercourse should be kept up with all the neg- 
ligence of conversation; a studied elegance of style 
would here be affectation, and an impesiment in its 
consequence. Therefore, to proceed. in your own 
method, I shall first trouble you with my thoughts 
on ro observations, and then subjoin my own 
fresh enquiries. 

As to your explanation of the Basilisco-like, there 
can be no dispute but it is very ingenious. J am 
only afraid, as you say on another of mine, lest it 
should be thought too refined. Jé carries an allu- 
sion in a single word, without the thought being 
any further prosecuted ; consequently must be very 
dark to the person spoken to, as well as to the whole 
audience, 

The difficulty of Limoges and Austria is suffici~ 
ently cleared up to me. 

And Iam no less indebted for your reconciling me 
to three-man Songmen, as it now stands in our 
Author. It was my own thought once, that it 
meant one that could sing all the three parts in any 
musical composition ; but I was staggered in this by 
Mr. Galliard’s opinion, that the word could hardly 
bear that idea: yet I am convinced it may, in spite 
of his technical judgment. 


And now to come to some short remarks upon the 
new passages transmitted to me. 
: Tempest, 


THEOBALD. AND WARBURTON. 243 


Tempest, p. 6: 

If you can command these elements to silence, and 
work the Peace of the present, we will not hand, &c. 

You propose — of the Prease; but Prease, or 
Press, P am afraid, signifies only a Crowd, not a 
Tumult.—I have all along read and understood the 


passage thus : 
——____—— the peace o’ the present, 
t. e. onthe Present. That is, if you can command 
silence, and appease these elements on the instant, 
at a word’s speaking, what need we be at such la- 
bour in working a ship? 
We split, we split, &c. 

These two lines, I conceive, were designed to be 
spoken as by the ship’s crew, who make a confused 
clamour within, on their apprehensions of sinking. 

_ Prosp. Master of a full poor Cell. 

These two, I confess, taken as adjectives, have 
such a contrariety in their sense, that the expression 
si naaeirie' very near to a blunder. But I have 
always understood the first of them to be adverbially 
coupled to the other with an hyphen ; 

——————— Master of a full-poor * Cell. 


As to the next, 

Like one who having into Truth, &c. . 
here you propose to substitute — injured Truth—as 
a cure for the sense. I will tell you how I have 
read and conceived it; and then submit it to you, 
whether there needs any recourse to that change: 

See nr, LAKE ONE 

Who having into Truth, by telling ’t oft, 

Made such a Sinner of his Memory, 

‘To credit his own Lie. 

i. e. says Prospero, 
My brother has behaved so like a common Liar 
that tells his false stories so often over, till he de- 


_ * Perpauperis, perexiguz Cellule. And the French, I-re- 
member, express themselves in the very same manner, fort-de- 
‘malade, fortiter, &c. 

; R 2 ceives 


244 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ceives even his own memory, and credits his own 
Lie into a Truth ; z ; 1a 
that is, believes his own Lie to be true; as Antonio 
acted the outward face and deputation of power so 
long, till he began to imagine himself the real Duke. 
o4 Our Hint of Woe —— : 
which you would correct to—Stint. But we ought, 
perhaps, to remember, that, in many passages, our 
Author cass Hint, for Argument, Theme, Cue, &e.; 
and then, perhaps, a change may not be so neces- 


sary. 
d vey readily embrace eourreenyea Moral for 
_Morsel; it carries. probability, and heightens the 
Wit.—But now to, 

Each Putter-out of five for one, ; 

I have not been without a conjecture some- 
‘thing like yours here. You say, it seems to level 
at money advanced and.contributed at 20 per cent. 
for promotion. of discoveries in the West Indies, 
But then should not the text be, . : : 

Each Putter-out of one for five ? 
- Morison, I remember, in his Travels, tells us, he 
Py money into the hands of friends before both 
is expeditions, to receive so much more if he lived 
to return. And he speaks of this method as of:a 
thing usually done by Travellers of that time. 

But, if you will give me leave, I will subjoin my 
construction of what I really think our Author 
meant by this passage. P 

Each Putter-out of five for one, &c. 
i. e. each Voyager, or Traveller. 
(So in Two Gentlemen of Verona, p. 150. 
Put forth their Sons to seek Preferment out.) 

And his context seems to be this: — When we 
were boys, who would, believe there were dewlapt 
Mountaineers, or men with their heads in their 
breasts, which now every five Travellers, that put 
° out, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, | 245 


out, bring us vouchers of, for one that pretends to 
dispute the veracity ? — And it is not improbable, I 
think, that our Author here might be paying either 
an oblique compliment, or throwing out a sarcasm, 
on Sir Walter Raleigh, who in his Travels (which 
were printed along with Hackluyt’s Voyages in the 
year 1600) tells us of a nation, called Ewaipanons, 
(bless us from the hard name!) whose heads appear 
not above their shoulders : ‘ which (as our Traveller 
very gravely subjoins) though it may be thought a 
mere fable, yet for mine own part I am resolved tt 
is true, because every Child in the Provinces of Ar- 
camaia and Canuri affirm the same.” 
This is my conjecture of the passage ; which is in 
the balance, till it meets your sanction, or refutation. 
——_—- Grind their joints 
With dry convulsions. — 
 Llike very well the substitution of your epithet — 
wry convulsions. I must own, I cannot tell physi- 
cally, whether convulsions ever do arise from any 
dry cause ; if they do, there seems some consonance 
of idea preserved in dry and grind. Here the 
Doctors must come in to our aid, 


I shall be very impatient for your explanation of 
the Scene you mention in Lear, if you can afford 
mea Letter extra upon that subject. 

But now,. dear Sir, it is time I should think of 
your dismission for the present ; which shall be, after 
subjoining my list of those places that are dark to 
me in the Tempest. 

P. 10. To trash for overtopping. 

Does, ¢rash, by any county dialect, signify lop, 
cut off ? 

P. 12. When I have decked the sea. 


Does he mean “ shed tears into the sea from, the 


deck of the ship,” ‘or what else ? 
PHS. 


246 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 13. Now [I arise: Sit still. : 

I have conjectured — Now, Ariel: —calling to 
his Spirit, meaning he is ready for him, as his'daugh- 
ter is going to sleep. f t 

P. 15. Prosp. What is the time o’th’ day? 

Ari. Past the mid season. 
Prosp. At least two glasses: the time. ; 

As Prospero, by his asking what it was o'clock, 
seems evidently not to know ; methinks the division 
of these speeches is wrong. I would digest them: 

Prosp. What is the time o’th’ day? 
Ari, —— Past the mid season 

At least two glasses. 
Prosp. ——-—— The time twist, &c. 

P.19. Mir. Abhorred Slave! &e. 

Does not this speech seem more properly to belong 
to Prospero ? 

P. 22. And his brave Son. 

Sure this is a forgetfulness of our Poet. Nobody 
was lost in the wreck; that is manifest from several 
Geus and yet we have no such character in the 

ramatis Persone as the Duke of Milan’s Son. 

Pisa: 


Keep in Tunis, 
And let Sebastian wake. 
I have not the least glimmering of conception why 
this is said, or how it depends on the rest. 
Ibid. Bandied be they and melt, 
savours of the obscure. 
P. 35. Like a foul Bumbard. 
Does he mean a Cup so called, or a navigable 
Vessel? I remember again in Henry VIII. p. 94, 
And here you lie baiting of Bombards, when ye 
should do service. 
ae. as I presume, tipling. | And, as Bombard is 
chere used, I think there is a vehicle in the Univer- 
sity, which they call “ a Gun of Ale.” 
P. 37. I will not take too much for him. 
Does he mean, “I should think no price that 
was offered me too much?” 
P. 38. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 247 


P. 38. I afraid of him? 

He is not charged with any such fear. 

P.39. Young Scame!s. , 

I think we have found out this, but shall be glad 
of your opinion. 

P. 42. No woman’s face remember. ————. 

Has not Miranda forgot herself a little? In the 
first Act, p. 9. she remembers to have had four o 
five women attendants. 

P. 49. Praise in departing. 

What does this mean? Suspend your commenda- 
tions, till you have more cause fom the consequences. 

P. 53. Go bring the Rabble. 

Does he mean, the Rabble of menial Spirits under 
direction? for Ariel is not yet sent to bring Stephano, 
Trinculo, Caliban, &c. : 

P. 54, ————-—— A Corollary. 

Does this ever signify a Surplus? 

P. 59. Now, Jerkin, you are like to lose your Hair. 

Does this allude to its being torn down from an 
hair-line, when Stephen steals it ? 

P. 63. Thou’rt pincht for’t now. 

I suspect the pointing wrong here; and would 
change it: j 

Thou’rt pincht for’t now, Sebastian, flesh and blood. 

As in Lear, p. 445. 

The good-jers shall devour them, flesh and fell, 
Ere they shall make us weep. 

Ibid. Where the Bee sucks, there suck I. 

Ariel, as a refined spiritual essence, had no occa- 
sion for food.— Perhaps, “there lurk I.” The two 
subsequent verses seem to countenance this. 

P. 65. Of whose soft grace. 

Thave imagined the context might better bear, of 
whosesought grace, i.e.“ though you have not sought 
her aid, I have, and found it.” 

P. 66. Playing at chess. 

May it not reasonably be asked, where they got 
their chess-board? 


P. 68. 


248 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P.68. —————— at pickt leisure’ ne: 3 
(which shall be’shortly) single P— ig 
I think it should rather be thus: t: 


; i b2ve a - 
" —~— at pickt leisure 


(which shall be shortly singled) P'l]—~ 
P. 69. Liquor that hath gilded them : 
Of their understanding. 
“Does he mean, that has made them ruddy, or 
gelded them of their understanding? 
And now, dear Sir, you see I have but bare 
room to subscribe magelt your most obliged and. 
affectionate friend, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XI. 
To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Oct. 25, 1729. 
I received yours of the 23d instant, and em- 
brace the favour with the sincerest pleasure ima- 
inable. The cessation of my correspondence was 
indeed occasioned by the hope of seeing you in 
town, from the letter which you mention; and by 
the intervention of the summer months, which have 
obliged me to be too much a flyer: but I am now 
pitched on my own ground again, and shall settle. 
A new Edition of the Dunciad has for some weeks 
been threatened; but the sword is yet only kept over 
our heads. —I am as much surprized as you, at the 
silence of some whom we take to be injured. For 
myself, you know, I have purposed to reply only in 
Shakespeare.—And let that name, like a charm, © 
bring me back to business. As it would ask too 
deep a research into my papers, for the present 
t, to take up the affair methodically as we left it; 
pleased to let me. begin with a voluntary, and 
propose a single doubt to you, with a conjecture 
upon it, the proof of which, I imagine, will take 
up the whole limits of this Epistle. 
Taming 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 249 


Taming of the Shrew, p. 8: P 
My Lord, we must have a Shoulder of Mutton for 
a Property, and a little Vinegar to make our Devil roar. 
Our Poet, I think, seems to forget himself. Mut- 
ton, indeed, is used in the Interlude; which, being 
over-roasted, Petruchio throws from the table. But 
then there is no Devil in the Drama. Or, if there 
were, or that Shakespeare designed a fling at the 
Old Plays, in which, as we shall see, Devils were 
so frequent, yet what can he allude to, by 
: Vinegar to make a Devil roar? 
I confess I am at a fault; and, if I should run, 
upon the wrong scent, I cannot help it. We'll start 
some game, f we miss that in chace. I would 
searce venture to trust any body but Mr. Warbur- 
ton with the conjecture that I am going to.make; 
because it is a little peremptory, and only depends 
on the stress of parallel passages for its authority. 
Granting our Poet only intended a Spear, as I 
hinted, might he not have wrote, 
——and a little wooden dagger to make our Devil roar? 
The difference of wooden dagger ‘and vinegar, 
seems at first glance a little startling. But then, if 
we may call pronunciation into our aid, (Vin, and 
Wood'n; — egar, and dagger) the difference is not 
so considerable. And again, may not error have 
arisen from contraction in the written copies and the 
current hand of those times, and so w'n (wooden) 
been mistaken for vin, and d’gar (dagger) for egar? 
Ne seevi, magne Sacerdos, may I not fairly say? 
And yet take my parallel authorities ; and you may 
wish, perhaps, I had been right, though you should 
be forced to determine against me.—In the first 
lace I am to remind you, that the Old Plays (espe- 
ially in the times of Popery, whilst spirits, and 
witchcraft, and exorcising, held their own) are ge- 
nerally furnished with the character of a Devil, and 
Buffoon, or arch fool (called Vice), who was equip- 
ed with a long coat, a cap and asses ears, and a 
ath-dagger ; and who used to skip on the Peuts 
ack, 


250 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


back, and lay on him with a vengeance, ad captan- 
dum populum, and set a certain quantity of barren 
spectators on the grin with his Arlequinades*. 


Proofs: I shall begin with a quotation or two from 
{oar own pamphlet of “ Popish Impostures;” (which 

have, as you ordered, delivered to our Friend Con- 
canen.) 

I. It was a pretty part in the old Church Plays, 
when the nimble Vice was to skip nimbly up like a 
jack-an-apes into the Devil’s neck, anid ride the 
Devil a cockhorse, and belabour him with his Wooden 
Dagger till he made him roar; whereat the people 
would laugh, to see the Devil so Vice-haunted. 

Her Devils, be sure, be some of those old Vice- 
haunted, casheer’d, wooden-beaten Devils, that were 
wont to frequent the stages, &c. who are so scared 
with the idea of a Vice and a dagger, as they durst 
never since look a paper-Vice in the face. 

Cap. 19, p. 114, 5, 
Again, , 

This was well roar’d of a young Devil, for a 
Preludium to the Play. Cap. 14, p. 72. 

But to fetch some testimonies from the Stage itself: 
II. Ben Jonson’s Staple of News, p. 165, 8vo. 

There was no Play without a Fool and a Devil in’t. 
He would carry away the Vice on his back, quick 
to Hell, &c. 

III. And afterwards, p. 187: 

But here is never a Friend to carry him away. 

Besides, he has never a Wooden Dagger! Yd not 


* Dr. Warburton, in his own Edition, had not forgotten these 
ideas. ‘When the acting the mysteries of the Old and New Tes- 
tament was in vogue, at the representation of the mystery of the 
Passion, Judas and the Devil made a part. And the Devil, 
wherever he came, was always to suffer some disgrace, to make 
the people laugh: as here, the buffoonery was to apply the gall 
and vinegar to make him roar. And the Passion being that, of 
all the mysteries, which was most frequently represented, vinegar 
became at length the standing implement to torment the Devil ; 
and was used for this purpose even after the mysteries ceased, 
and the moralities came in vogue; where the Devil continued to 
have a considerable part. The mention of it here, was to ridi- 
cule so absurd a circumstance in these old farees.” 

give 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 251 


~ give-a rush fora Vice that has not a wooden dagger, 
to snap at every body he meets. J 
IV. Ben Jonson’s Devil ’s an Ass, p. 254, 8vo. 


Jnig. What is he calls upon me, and would seem to 

lack a Vice 2 

Ere his words be half spoken, I am with him in 
a trice. rs 

Here, there, and every where, as the cat is with 
the mice : . 

True, vetus Iniguitas. Lack’st thou cards, 
friends, or dice? 

I will teach thee cheat, child, to cog, lie, and 
swagger, 

And ever and anon to be drawing forth thy 
Dagger. 


VY. And again, p. 256: 
When ev'ry great man had his Vice stand by him, 
In his long coat, shaking his wooden dagger. 


And now to our own Author, who will, at least, 
I conceive, be explained in these testimonies. 


VI. King Henry V. p. 448: 

Bardolph and Nim had ten times more valour than 
this roaring Devil i’th’ old Play, every one may pare 
his nails with a wooden dagger. 

Vil. And Twelfth Night, p. 241: 
Iam gone, Sir; and anon, Sir, 
Pll be with you again ; 
Ina trice, like to the old Vice, 
Your need to sustain. 
Who, with Dagger of Lath, in his rage and his 
wrath, 
Cries, ahha! to the Devil, 
Like a mad lad, pare thy nails, Dad, &c. 
And, next, give me leave to throw ina passage, 
that, I flatter myself, has never yet been understood 
common Readers, nor will be but by the aid of 
ese testimonies. 
VIII. 2 Henry IV. p. 328, where Falstaff is 
characterizing Justice Shallow : ' 
. And 


252 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


_ And now is this Vice's Dagger become a Squire, 
and talks as familiarly of John of Gaunt, &e. 
i.e. Shallow was as impertinent a machine, as the 
wooden dagger in the hand of a common Buffoon. 

IX. And so in Hamlet, p. 277: 

—_—_—_——— A Pie of Kings. 

T have a great suspicion the Poet does not mean 
barely a vicious, execrable King; but one as much 
the disgrace and mockery of the kingly rank, as the 
Vice, or Buffoon, was oP aby character he supported. 

X. And may I venture to suspect that another 
penta (the reading of which has been justly sus- 
pected, and ingeniously attempted to be amended) 
may admit an explication and allowance of being ge- 
nuine, from the above quotations? 

Richard III. p. 341: 

Thus, like the formal Vice, Iniquity, 

I moralize two meanings in one word. 

It is not impossible but Vice may not be the qua- 
lity, but person here; the Vice, or Buffoon, per- 
sonating Iniquity; and then a formality of behaviour 
was essentially a necessary disguise. In Ben Jon- 
son’s Devil’s an Ass, for example, Jniquity is the 
very Vice that wants employment on earth. And 
to this let me add, that, when the Stage increased in 
refinements, the Buffoon’s droll characters were 
changed into personated qualities, such as Iniquity, 
Usury, Vanity, Prodigality, &e. of which, perhaps, 
this speech in Ben Jonson’s Staple of News, p. 187, 
may be some confirmation : 

That was the old way, gossip, when Jniguity 
came in like hocus-pocus, in a jugler’s jerkin, 
with false skirts, like the Knave of Clubs. But 
now they are attir’'d like men and women o’the time, 
the Vices male and female. Prodigality like a 
young Heir, and his mistress Money prankt up like 
a prime lady, &c. 

Sed 2éyw, as the grave Dons say.— I have laid 
myself open to you without reserve, and willingly 

submit 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON... 253 


submit to your determination, whether I have not 
& ‘in for the Asses Ears, and a slash of the 
Wooden Dagger into the bargain. . But, dear Sir, 
in the Appendix of your next, give me your con- 
ception of this odd passage in Troilus, p. 351, for I 
want a voucher to my own judgment of it: 
Here’s Agamemnon, an honest fellow enough, 
and one that loves quails, but he hath not so much 
brain as ear-wax. 
Your most faithfully obliged humble servant, 
. Lew. THEosap. 


LETTER XiIl. 
i the Rev. Mr. Waruurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Nov. 6, 1729. 

I have received the ebhiite of yours of the gd in- 
stant, which I ardently expected two posts before. 
Tentirely agree with you in keeping our method of 
going through with the Plays, in order to which 
rule I will begin to accommodate myself on Satur- 
day next): not that I may the sooner get rid ofa 
correspondence which I can never account trouble- 
some; but that I may the sooner assist myself with 
your ingenious remarks. As to your complaint of 
my silence with regard to the observations you favour 
me with, I beg you to excuse me. It has been 
partly because I generally come into your remarks ; 
and, if in any I remain doubtful, 1 had determined, 
when we had quite run through, by way of post- 
script, to communicate my objections, and be more 
fully informed. Did I enter upon that part at this 
juncture, Lam afraid it would too much interrupt 
our progress. As to Zonson’s Greek Plutarch, I 
have yet seen no advertisement of it, nor do I believe 
it is published. I thank you for the friendly hint 


concerning 


254 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


concerning my subscription. I shall be very proud 
of the encouragement of any friends, that think fit, 
when I am published. You may be sure I should 
be very & , for many reasons, it were quite out of 
my hands; and I have some too, why I am not will- 
ing to precipitate. I have obtained the honour of 
His Royal Highness’s name now lately: and my 
Lady Delawarr has befriended me with such a list of 
uality as were well worth waiting for, I know 
you will SMR ih if 1 should tell you in 
your ear, perhaps I may venture to join the Text to 
my Remarks. But of that more a little time hence. 
Now to a little business en passant. Iam mightily 
struck with the happiness of your guess about oLp 
Feast Antients, and hope much it will stand of au- 
thority.—As to Agamemnon and his quails, you 
imagine, you say, It may be a contraction of guar- 
rels, or a corruption from squalls. I own I have 
conceived a different notion of the Poet's phrase, 
which I shall venture to submit to you. Thersites, 
you know, is all through the Play as scurrilous and 
scandalous in his observations upon the Greeks as 
one could wish. He abuses Menelaus for a stupid 
cuckold ; and with the same freedom, I suspect, he 
means, by saying the brother is a great lover of 
guste that he is a notable whoremaster, or, as we 
ave it in another vulgar idiom, a mutton-monger. 
Apropos, in the Two Gentlemen of Verona (the 
Play upon which I am next to advance my queries), 
in that ridiculous scene betwixt Proteus and Speed, 
we meet with this expression : 


Ay, Sir; I, a lost mutton, gave your Letter to 
her, a LAc’D mutton, f 


ns al who has given us, I think, the best an- 
tique French Dictionary, explains the laced mutton 
by, une garse, putain, fille de joye; so that mutton 
has been a metaphor of old standing for that game. 
But what as to guails? The facetious Rabelais, in 

the 


-THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 255 


the Prologue to the4th book, when speaking of Cailles 
coiphées mignonnement chantans, “ coifed quails 
singing wantonly ;” Motteux, I find, has translated 
this, “ coated quails and laced mutton waggishly sing- 
ing.” Again, honest Cotgrave expounds caille coiffée, 
‘awoman. Here isa little authority for my suspi- 
cion of Shakespeare’s meaning ; and I can throw in 
one testimony from a contemporary Poet with him, 
by whom quail is metaphorically used for a girl of 
the game, Ford, in his Love's Sacrifice, brings in 
a debauchée thus muttering against a superannuated 
mistress; ‘* By this light, I have toiled more with 
this carrion HEN, than with ten aualzs, scarce grown 
into their first feathers.” 

Sed quid plura ? 1 must rest it here, as the.men 
at Bar say; and, if the cause want further proof, I 
must e’en submit to the nonsuit. But, to fill up 
the measure of my present epistle, as you urge me 
to the liberty of objecting, I will call out an old 
point already canvassed, but in which we have on 
neither side as yet agreed, 

I troubled you, you may remember, with my 
queries and solutions of this passage in King John: 

Knight, knight, good mother, Basilisco like 
Why I am dubb’d. 


You gave me, it is true, a most ingenious expli- 
cation; which, I think, I informed you before, I 
thought most elegant, but plus recherchee. You 
replied, I remember, “ you stood by your explication.” 
‘And now give me leave to rejoin, that I suspect we 
have been both deceived in our notions. Yon 
once more to fancy, that by chance, as Dryden says, 
etpqxa, the mighty secret ’s found. 

In the first oien then the passage must be pointed 
and distinguished, as the first folio edition in some 
measure leads the way: 


Knight, knizht, good mother, Basilisco like. 
What! -I am dubb’d ; 
Whether 


256 «ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


» Whether our late Editor had any conceit of. one 
being dubbed Basilisco-like, or whether he had any” 
understanding of this passage, I do not pretend. to de- 
termine: but 1 think I may venture to say, he did not 
understand it, unless he knew the following piece of 
Stage-history; to the knowledge of which I presume 
that he will have the modesty to plead, Wot guilty, 
The truth is, the Bastard’s words carry a concealed 
piece of satire on an old drama that. made its, ap- 
pearance in those times, and was printed in.1599, 
called * Soliman and Perseda.” In this piece there is 
the character of a bragging cowardly knight, called 
Basilisco. . Now his character of assumed valour. is 
so blown and seen through, that Piston, a Buffoon- 
servant in the Play, jumps upon his back, and will 
not disengage him, till he makes Basilisco, swear 
upon his dudgeon dagger, to the contents, and in 
the terms he dictates to him. : 

As you scarce have this Old Play, it is necessary 
to give you a bit of quotation. 4 

Bas. O I swear, I swear, 
Pist. By the contents of this blade, 
Bas. By the contents of this blade, 
Pist, 1 the aforesaid Basilisco, 
Bas. 1 the aforesaid Basilisco, 
Knight, good fellow, knight, knight— 

_ Pist. Knaye, good fellow, knave, knave. 

‘Now it seems clear to me that our Poet, sneering 
at this Play, makes the Bastard, when Lady Falcon- 
bridge calls him knave, throw off that reproach, by 
humourously laying claim to his new dignity of 
knighthood ; as Basilisco proudly insists on his title 
of knight in the passage above quoted. f 

The Play is an extremely ridiculous one; ‘and I 
suppose Sted with a vengeance in the representa- 
tion, which might make this cireumstance so well 
known, as to become the object of a stage-sarcasm. 

And now, Sir, you have my information—et¢ sub 
Jjudice lis est. Devt 


¢ T agree 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, | 257 


I agree with Cymbeline is a most ' corrupt 
Play ; and I cn great number of corrections 
upon it: you say, you have go stable ones in store. 
I wish earnestly I could be favoured with them, if 
pee by next post; which would in no kind 

reak in on my measures, if it does not intrude on 
your conveniency. You bring back to my mind 
the time of a love-correspondence ; and the expecta- 
tion of every fresh Letter from you is the joy of a 
mistress to me. But when I am growing wanton it 
is time I should break off abruptly, though not 
without confessing myself, as I ought, dear Sir, 
Your most affectionate and obliged humble servant, 

, Lew. THEOBALD. 

P.S. Am I deceived, or may I hint, that I think 

the hand-writing is widened in your last ? 


LETTER XIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Nov. 11, 1729. 

According to promise in my last, I am now pre- 
paring to return into order, which will bring me 
to my inquirenda upon The Two Gentlemen of Ve- 
rona. As this Play neither furnishes a number of 
doubts, nor of corrections, if both together do not 
fill up my sheet, I will beg leave to keep on with 
part of the Merry Wives. 

P. 142. The Degradation. 

Can Mr. P retend, notwithstanding what 
he says in his Brefecs, that this degradation is not 
@ chasm in the context, however poor the matter 2 

Ibid. Nay, give me not the boots. - 

If we may believe Cotgrave, this | are is equi- 
valent to—don’t sell me a bargain. Bailler foin en 
corne ; to give one the boots; to sell him a in. 

YOL. u. 8 P. 144. 


258 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF LITERATURE. 


jo Pul44e Indeed a sheep'doth)often’strays, 9 0) 
Where is Mr. Pope’s ear for'an hexameter, or his 
diligence-in collating? Both the old Folios read)’ 
‘Indeed a sheep doth very often strays) 11): 
| P. 148. The mean is drown’d with your unruly base. 
Luc. Indeed, I bid the base for Proteus... | 
_ Can bid the base be either true in sense, ,or in 
language ? Base in the first line, it is plain, is an 
antithesis to. mean, both musical terms ; but as. Juli- 
etta is sharp with her....... , she, I think, turns 
the base in the second line to another sense; viz. 
that she, indeed, for Proteus’ sake endures base, 
scurvy usage. I fancy, therefore, we should read :) 
, Indeed, I bide the base for Proteus. 
_ As in Love's Labour Lost, p..226:) 9 © 
~~ And bide the penance of each three years day. 
P. 150. Put forth their sons to seek preferment out. 
Ihave not forgot here to insert your ingenious 
hint concerning voyages at that time being in vogue 
for the discovery of the West Indies, &c. But can 
you forgive me if this term, put forth, should for a 
while carry me out of my latitude? It drives me 
with a full wind back upon this passage in the Tem- 
pest, p.49:° 
“|” Each putter-out of five for one. ‘ ; 
“You have formerly favoured me with your con- 
jectures upon this place; but, as I have since a little 
improved my discoveries, if you will excuse the di- 
gression, I will copy the note that I have designed 
there by way of explanation: =~ 
[Each putter-out of five, &c. 1 freely confess. I 
always understood this passage thus; that every 
Jive travellers (or putters-out) did bring authentick 
confirmation of these strange stories, for one that 
pretended to dispute the truth of them. But two 
learned and ingenious Friends (to whom already in 
my prolegomena I have made general acknowledg- 
ments) have since better instructed me: therefore I 
with pleasute'retract my comment, Upon communi- 
’ ~ eating 


“THEOBALD AND “WARBURTON, ' 959 


eating 4 8énse of the place’ to the Rev: Mr. War- 
burton, he informed me, that “ This was a- fine 
piece ‘of concealed satirevon the Voyagers of that 
time, who had just discovered a new world; and,’as 
was very natural, grew most extravagant in display- 
ing the wonders of it. That, patticalarlyy iy 
' + Each putter-out of five for one, 

is meant the Adventurers in the Discovery: of the 
West Indies, who had for the money they advanced, 
and contributed, twenty per cent.” 

_Dr. Thirlby does not a little assist this explana- 
tion by his concurrence, and a. fine, though. Ke 
alteration of the text: 

Each putter-out of one for five. _ 

The Doctor is so modest as to determine’ winnie 
concerning this reading, though to me it ‘appears a 
clear as the explication i is certain ; “that” it, ‘was yi 
in those times for travellers to put out thoney ‘to re- 
pit a hd ihe reater sum if they lived to return; ‘and, | fo. 

e refers to Morison’s’ Itinerary; part 4 
y aye et seq. I cannot make better’ ‘amends “for 
my own former want of sagacity, or retin ‘my 
friends better thanks for the light ‘they ‘have given 
me upon this passage, than by subjoining’a testimo- 
ny from ‘a’ poet contemporary with ‘our Author, 
that will put their explanation past all dispute, as 
well as vouch for that conjectural transposition of, the 
text, in which Dr.,Thirlby.is pleased) to; be so diffi- 
dent. See Ben Jonson’s Every Man: out. ofhis 
Humour, Act. II. Scene 3, in this. speech’ of his 
Most singular and vain-glorious Knt. Puntarvolo. 
* 1 do intend, this year of jubilee coming on, to 
_ travel: and, because I-will not altogether go upon 
_expence, I am determined to put forth some five 
_ thousand pound, to be paid me, five for one, upon 
* the return of myself, my wife, and my dog, from the 
Tark’s Court in Constantinople. If all, or either 
of us miscarry in the journey, ’tis gone; if we-be 
successful, why, there will be five and twenty thou- 
sand pound to entertain time withal.”” 


= s 2 And 


260 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And quote from the same Play, p. 217 ; and vide. 
pp. 214, 254. ; 

If he was to be paid five for one, it is obvious, he 
was appar of one for five, as I think we ought 
to read in our Shakespeare: unless, to save the trans- 
position we should dispense with the change only 
of a single Letter, some Readers should prefer this 
conjecture ; 

Each putter-out on five for one, Kc. 

I cannot help observing that Ben Jonson, to 
hegre the ridicule of these projecting voyagers, 
makes Puntarvolo’s wife averse to accompanyin 
him: and so he is inforeed to put out his venture on 
the return of himself, his dog, and his cat. It may 
not be amiss, perhaps, to add a short observation on 
the different conduct of both our Poets. Shake- 

eare, out of 4 particular deference to Sir Walter 
Raleigh, only sneers these adventurous voyagers 
optique , and, as it were, en passant: The surly 
Ben, who would be tied up by no such scrupulous 
repens, dresses up the fashion in the most glaring 
colours of eomic humour, or rather brings down his 
satire to the level of farcical ridicule.] ; 

Sed nunc redeo tandém in viam, unde discessi. 

P. 151. Attends the Emperor in his royal court. 

Is not this a forgetfulness in our Poet? Valen- 
tine is with the Duke of Milan at his court. But 
then was not this Duke a substitute of the Emperor 
in the Milanese ? 

: P. 159. For be is the unkindest tide that ever any man 
tied. 

Ido not understand this. Is ¢ide any where the 
appellation of a dog? Tyke, I know, in Yorkshire, 
signifies a dog, or cur. And so in Lear, p. 414: 

Or bob-tail ike, or trundle-tail. 
P, 161. Thur. And how quote you my folly ? 
Val. I quote it in your jerkin. 


Does 


-YHEOBALD AND WARBURTOY. | 261 


Does Valentine mi méan here, in the ridieu- 
lous fashion of your clothes, or is a conundrum Jost 
here, and are we to read? : 

’ T quote it in your jerking, ‘ 
i.e. in your pert and foolish vein of flirting at me. 
But the matter is very trivial. : 

P. 163. Thur. Madam, my Lord your’ Father would 

speak with you. : 

How does Thurio know this? I suspect rather a 
servant should conie in and say it, and that it is not 
quoted in the old books, 

P. 168, To leave my Julia, ‘shall I be, &e. 

) This, in the first folio Edition, stands rightly 
pointed, thus : 
4 _ To leave my Julia, shall I be forsworn ; 

To love fair Silvia, shall I be forsworn ; 

To wrong my friend, &c. 

P. 170. The more thou damm’st it up, &c. 

- You inform me, I remember, that we ought to 
read, damp’st it up. But may not the text stand as 
it does, upon the authority of this other line in this 
very play, p. 146: * ' 

The fire that ’s closest kept, burns most of all. 

P. 176. What Letter is this same? &c. 

What? Was Valentine to climb up to his miis- 
tress’s tower, in order to carry her off, and does he 
carry a Letter to her from himself at the same time, 

P. 180. Speed. What news with your mastership ? 

Launce. With my mastership? Why it is at 
sea. 
Speed. Well, your old vice still, mistake 
: the word. ; 

Mr. Pope isa pleasant gentleman to let this pass 
him without any suspicion. But how does Launce 
mistake the word ? Speeds asks him about his mas- 
tership, and he replies to'it literatim. But then how 
was his mastership at sea and on’ shore'too? But 
the addition of a letter and an apostrophe will make 
him mistake the word, and set. the jest right, thus : 
_ Launce, With my master’s ship ? why it is at * iy 

. 186, 


262 «ILLUSTRATIONS OF} LITERATURE. 


_ P4186, For practising to steal away a lady, 9997 
set tus A, heir, and niece allied.unto the, duke.) ..., 

What, was this lady niece to.the duke,: and allied 
to him too? I will never believe Shakespeare would 
have ‘expressed himself thus: I. am confident we 
ought to read, : Priv a) taataen ois aul 
biad An heir *, and mear allied unto the duke, . 
As in Romeo, p. 126: 
6 1900) Dhis gentleman,. the Prince’s near allie; 
and several other passages that I need not trouble 
you with. 

-P, 190. He loved her out of all nick. : 
\ Tam not acquainted with this expression ; but L- 
suppose it means in other phrases familiar with our 
Author, out of all count, out of all cesse, 7. e. infi- 
nitely, eternally. ‘ 

P. 194. I was sent to deliver him as a present, &c.. 

Does not the Poet forget himself here?, We find 
by the next page that he had lost the dog which 
was sent for a present, and meant in the lieu of it to 
give his own. =e 

'P. 199, Her eyesas grey as grass. 

Annon potiis, glass? 

P. 206. Verona shall not hold thee. 
. ‘This threat is to Sir Thurio, who is a Milanese, 
and the, person threatening is now too in Milan, I 
am, afraid Shakespeare here again a little forgets 
himself. 


You see, Sir, by the help of a digression from the 
Tempest, I have made shift to spend as much time 
in Veropa.as my paper. will well give me leave. . The 
Merry Wives will be more full of corruption and 
entertainment. _ By the way, I remember you hint 
in one of yours, that in that play a rank piece of in- 
delicacy is done away into as rank nonsense, through 
the ignorance of the Editors. _I suppose, for infor- 


* An heiress. 
~ mation 


THEOBALD! AND «WARBURTON?!  - 268 


mation sake, without breach of modesty, both I may 
demand and you communicate this secret. I rest 
in hopes. of being happy by! the post: to-morrow ; 
and shall not fail on Saturday at farthest to renew 
my trouble to you, who am, dear Sir, » ‘3g 
Your most affectionate and obliged humble servant, 
Baayen Sd iii29fia Lew. Turopatp. 


-ven oF aici t 


yaa avis fsvie LETTER XIV." 


‘ _ To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. © 
yrs Dear Sir, Nov. 15, 1729. 
~ By my last, which T hope has reached you, and 
which contains my inquiries on The Two Gentlemen 
of Verona, you will find I am come into the order 
‘ou desired: and will endeavour to pursue it, though 
should make an excursion, now and then, by the 
bye.’ T beg you will spare encomiums on the care 
and Correctness of my Epistles, and likewise excuses 
for the supposed carelessness of your own. As you 
are so complaisant to indulge me in this laborious 
correspondence, it will be for our mutual ease peri- 
ture parcere charte. Yours on’ Cymbéline is 
eome to hand; and as Mr. Bishop (another kind 
labourer in the vineyard) was with me, you’ cannot 
imagine the pleasure we shared to find in how many 
laces’ your emendations ‘jump literally with ours. 
hile our thoughts are warm upon’ this Play, T 
thought oie to let you ‘know at once where I 
agree, and where for present reasons J dissent. And 
so, to work: ape ag 
_P, 5. You do not meet a man but frowns, ke... y 
1 The correction of brows we had made with you; 
inthe subsequent; lines,.I.had. gone still farthers; 
whether with absolute necessity, I submit to you, 
thus : SOR ig (atthe (o@) “tdgit ec ? ) 
gabivacd ' Heavens: 


264 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF. LITERATURE. 


+ Heavens: they are courtiers, © 

Still seem as does the King’s. 

Still is authorized by both the old folios, and why 
departed from I cannot imagine; to say, their 
brows were courtiers, in conformity with the —_ 
I think, is not very hard; and may seem groun ed 
on Alexander's courtiers affecting to be wry-neck'd, 

P. 6. I do extend him, Sir. 

- Tam sorry to confess I had reconciled this to my~- 
self; because you say it is so nonsensical that any 
Editor but Pope must blush at it. Thus I had 
solved it. Though you think, Sir, I speak so fairly 
of him, I assure you I extend him barely within the 
list and compass of his own praise and merit ; crush 
him together in my applauses rather than display 
him fully. 

_.P. 9. A yare age. 

I thank you for this most ingenious emendation, 
I know yare signifies quick, nimble, dextrous; and I 
hope, as an epithet, it may be allowed in your sense 
of sudden, precipitated. I had guessed, meer, 
hoar ; but the ductus literarum, to say nothing 
more, determines me on your side, . 

P..12.. She’s a good sign. 

Your conjecture is again ingenious, But I will tell 
ou how I had satisfied myself in the point. You 
now, certain constellations, which are refulgent, 

are called signs ; and ensigns, and ornaments of no- 
bility, are likewise by our Poet, called signs. So 
in Macbeth, p. 200; 
; But signs of nobleness, like séars, shall shine on all 
deseryers, 
Sub judice lis est. 

P. ..... The diminution of space. 

Your observation is perfectly tight on this pas- 
sage; yet, I fancy, it may be understood as itis. I 
understand of here as the prepositions by or from ; 
and then the diminution made by space, or from the 
distance, will be right. So, infra, p. 49: 


Consider, 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 265. 


Consider,—When you above perceive me like a crow, 

Tuat it is place which lessens and sets off. 
aie He 4 Are wonderfully to’extend him. 

You think it should be, aids :—I do not yet see a 
reason for any change. I understand it thus :—that 
his banishment and the approbation of those that la- 
ment his divorce, are circumstances that must won- 
derfully extend him in opinion. As Jachimo says 
in the speech immediately preceding, ' 
Wherein he mus/ be weigh’d rather by her value, &c.. 


» P16. Tcould not believe she excell'd many. 
» You say del. not: I say it should be but, i. e: at 
most believe. $ 


~P. 17. You are a friend. 
This, as you say, I have long since observed 
should be afraid. 


P. 23. These, as you hint, I have already seen 
in print. 
P. 30. Of the divorce he’d make. 
» This we bad settled exactly as you accurately ob- 
serve. 


P. 32. May ope the raveu’s eye. ‘ 
This, your former Letter to me takes notice, should 
be restored to the rejected reading, bear, I think 
it either should be 6ore, or bare, i. e, make bare. 
Though the raven be a night-bird, it does not pre 
during that whole season, but slumbers towar 
morning, and is disturbed by the first approach of 
dawn. Now making bare the eye seems to me pe- 
culiarly proper ; as most birds, and many quadru- 
t pe a membrane for nictation, called wepiog- 
éaysov, wherewith they can at pleasure cover their 
eyes, though their eyelids be open; and with this 
membrane they often defend their eyes from too 
strong a light, and draw it over the pupil, wher 


they do not shut down. the eyelid at all. = 
. - 84, 


266 ILLUSTRATIONS OF, LITERATURE. 


» P. 34, His goodness forespenton. = 

Your emendation here, I presume, is occasioned 
by the false print in Mr. Pope. The old Typtges 
have it, 

And towards himself, his goodness eacabcel on us, 
“We must, &e. 
i. e. towards him, on account of the obligations we 
have formerly received from him. 

P. 35. Fools are not mad folks.-——If you'll be patient. 

Cure for are we had long ago determined :—as to 
patient, your alteration to prudent is certainly inge- 
nious, and logically requisite, if we might tie 
Shakespeare so strictly : but I conceive by, Jf you "ll 
be patient, Imogen means, if you will be easy, and 
not torture me with your impertinent solicitations. 

_P. 37., Or look upon the Romans. , 

Retin org say, this should be not. 1 have long 
since cured it with a less change. 

“© . Ere look upon the Romans. 

P. 39, The foul opinion you had of her poor honour. 

You Meg justly observe it should be, prov’d ho- 
nour;. but/Mr. Pope's negligence obliged ou here 
to exert yourself. The old folios read rightly, ©) +s 
pure honour. 

P. 40. Was as another nature dumb. 

This we had stumbled at, but your eméndation i is 
indeed ingenious, and restores us true sense. But 
by changing was into has, is there not a trans- 
gression in the tenses? must not, oufwent her, then 
be, outgone her? The sense I always conceived to 
be, that the carver had done Dian so excellently, 
that it seemed another piece of Nature, only that it 
was dumb: nay, that he had outgone Nature as to 
the form and symmetry, only that breath and motion 
were wanting. But the words, I fear, are corrupt. 

As to your occasional passage from Anthony, I can- 
not readily accede to your correction. I cure it thus: 

Was beastly dumb'd by him, “ 
se : 4. €. 


‘THEOBALD .AND WARBURTON. . 267, 


Ag e. silenced by, his superior noise... This is not the, 
sage in which our Poet.has coined a verb 
ove the adjective dumb. So in his Pericles, speak- 
ofa ong lady’s transcendant talents : 
. Deep clerks she dumbs, &c. 
oP. 42, Should from encounter guard, 
~You advise for; 1 understood this. thus: that 
Posthumus means, Jachimo met with no opposi- 
tion but what he expected should oppose: and what 
she should guard from the attack, or encounter, of 
any man but her husband, 


P. 48. But have a fog in them. 

"As you interpret this, it is certain bué ought, to 
ihiskes sense, to be changed into that. I have conjec- 
tuted ‘it should be read thus : 

Tsee before me, man, nor here, nor here, 
©) ©+ >) Nor what ensues, but have a fog in ken, 
“That I cannot look through. 
i.e, do not talk of considering, man ; I neither see 
present events, nor consequences, but am in a mist 
of fortune, and resolved to go on upon the project I 
have determined. His use of ken, in this sense, I 
prove by authorities. 

P. 50. They think they ’re mine. 

. The pointing, as you observe, I had cured ; and, 
as for your change of wherein to-within, it gives 
such sense and elegance too, that I cannot but ap- 
prove it. 

P. 55. Now if you could wear a mind. 

A mine, certainly more significant. 

P. 65. Defering——commends 
Thad observed. 

P. 73. 


and her face—~ 


Being scarce, made up 
I mean to man, &c. 

This, I think, isa very hard place; pray, Sir, 
weigh it for me once more. I am not convinced 
that. pet is aiediiae of Guid, I rather suspect it a 
description 


* 


268 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


description of what Cloten formerly was, and in an- 
swer to what Arv. says of his being so fell. Ay, 
(says he) he was so fell; and, being then scarce at 
man’s estate, he HAD no apprehension of roaring 
terrors, or of any thing that could check him with 
fears.—But then how ies the inference come to be 
built upon this? For defect of judgment is oft the 
cause of fear.—I think I should have said the mere 
contrary. Cloten was defective in judgment, and 
therefore did not fear.—I have guessed, For th’ effect 
of judgment is oft the cause of fear. I submit the 
passage to your consideration. 

P. 75. Marish, I think, muchimproves the phrase, 

P. 76. What coast thy sluggish care. 

Iam charmed with your emendation of Carrack; 
and wish heartily it may be true, as harbour seems 
to countenance it. But you will give me leave to 
distrust, be it but for better conviction. Iam afraid 
the Poet’s thought is from the custom at sea of let- 
ting down a plummet with tallow and pitch, to find 
more .certainly by the colour of the soil they pluck 
up, whether they are making such a particular coast; 
and then sluggish care stands in the place of this sozl 
that is to be so fathomed for.. Besides, you know, me- 
lancholy both forms cares, and is attended with them. 

P. 77. Winter-gown. 

A most excellent emendation, 

P. 81. Wary gods. 

Not to be disputed. 

P. 83. ’Ploy’d. 

An improvement of the thought. I wish I could re- 
memberanotherinstance of his cutting shortthis word. 

P. 92. Poor luck. 

Exceedingly well guessed. 

P. 100. One sand another, &c. 

This I had observed. 


P. 101. ’Fuming the shrine seems necessary as to 


the sense. I doubt a little about the cutting off. 
P. 104. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.. 269 


-P. 104. Think that you are upon a mock. 

Clear to demonstration. 

P. 105. Hasting our wrath. 
_ Asclear. 

P. 85. And make them dreaded to the doer’s shrift. 

Dreaded I had a great while ago corrected; but 
retained the word ¢hrift ; and thus explained the 
thought to myself. Some are cut off for the first 
fault; others permitted to aggravate one crime with 
more, which not only make them dreaded by the 
world, but turn to the thrift, 7, e, advantage of the 
doers. When the wicked are permitted to go on 
unpunished, they often reap temporal benefits from 
the effects of their crimes. I cannot be positive 
which of them is right: But I know that here I 
must conclude myself, dear Sir, 

Your ever obliged faithful servant, 
Lew. Tueoxpap. 


LETTER XV. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Sir, Sat. Nov. 15, 1729.° 
1 Ecce! iterum Crispinus. 
I do not know how I can possibly ever requite the 
vast trouble I give you, not to mention the cha 
of this correspondence. This comes, attended with 
another of six pages, in reply to yours on Cymbe- 
line. As it is impossible either of us can take co- 
pies of our own Letters, I hope you do me the fa- 
your to lay by mine; because, when the evidence 
comes to be summed up, a collation of them with 
yours will be of vast service to me, upon several 
points that I shall not be able to keep in memory. 
— But now to the Merry Wives: 
P.212, Which is daughter to Master Thomas ees 
ur 


as 


‘270 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 

Our Poet, I think, isa little contradictory to him- 
self in Mr. Page’s Christian name; infra, p. 232, 
his wife calls him George. Ores 

P. 215. I combat challenge of this Latin bilboe. 

Pistol calls Sir Hugh; Mountain-foreigner ; but 
by Latin bilboe I presume he means Slender, who 
in size, he would intirsate, is as thin as a plate of that 
metal which is called daten, a sort of tinsel, I think. 

P.217. Upon Alhallowmas last, a fortnight afore Mi- 
chaelmas. 4 

Sure Simple is a little out in his reckoning. All- 
hallowmas is almost five weeks ‘after Michaelmas. 
But is it designed Simple should appear thus igno- 
rant, to keep up character? The simplest creatures 
generally are very precise in the knowledge of festi- 
vals, and how the seasons run. I suspect it should 
be a fortnight afore Martlemas; i.e. from the 1st to 
the 11th November, eleven days inclusive. 

P. 219. The women have so ery’d and shriek’d at it, 
that it past. ‘ FY OA 

So again, in Troilus, p. 277, And Paris so chaft, 
and all the rest so laughed, that it past —What 
does he mean by this expression?’ that they bep—ed 
themselves ? : 

P. 221. sub finem. She discourses, she carves, © 

What does he mean? that Mrs. Ford shewed a 
liking to him, by helping him at table? ‘ 

P. 222. She is a region in Guiana. . 
"This is not in the first rade sketch of this Co- 
medy, which is in quarto, in 1619. If the tradition 
be true of this Play being wrote at Queer Eliza- 
beth’s command, perhaps it may furnish this con- 
jecture, that it was wrote towards the end of the 
yéar 1596, or the beginning of 1597. The mention 
of Guiana, then so lately discovered to the English, 

‘was a very happy compliment to Sir Walter Raleigh, 
who did not begin his expedition for South America 
till 1595, and returned from it in 1596, with an ad- 

vantageous 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. | 271 


yantageous account of the great wealth of Guiana. 
Such an address of the Poet was likely, I imagine, 
to have most impression on. the people; when the 
intelligence of such a golden country was freshest in 
their minds, and gave them expectations of im- 
mense gain. 

- Will you pardon a’ small digression, by way of 
relief? - Because, too, the note is designed to settle, 
as near as I can, the time of bringing on another 
of his Plays. Besides, I mentioned, in a late Let- 
ter to you, in a note upon the Tempest, something 
in relation to our Poet's regard for Sir Walter Ra- 
leigh.. The note I am going to subjoin is upon’ that 
topic likewise. 

Twelfth Night : 

. P, 221. Taunt him with the licence of ink; if thow 
thowst him some 
Thrice, it shall not be amiss. 

There is no doubt, I think, but this passage is 
one of those in which our Author intended to shew 
his respect for Sir Walter, and a detestation of the 
virulence of his prosecutors. The words quoted 
seem to me directly levelled at the Attorney Gene- 
tal Coke, who, in the trial of Sir Walter, attacked 
him with all the following indecent expressions : 
“ All that Hell was by thy instigation, thou Viper: 
for I thou thee, thou Traytor.” (Here, by the bye, 
are the Poet’s three thou’s.) —“ You are an odious 
man.”—* Is he base? I return it into thy throat, 
on his behalfe.”—“ O damnable Atheist!”—* Thou 
art a Monster; thou hast an English face, but a 
Spanish heart.”—“ Thou hast a Spanish heart, and 
thyself art a Spider of Hell.”—* Go to, I will lay 
thee on thy back for the confident’st Traytor that 
ever came at a bar.” —“ I will prove you the noto- 

t Traytor that ever came to bar.”—Is not here 

all the licence of tongue, which the Poet satirically 

_ prescribes to St. Andrew’s ink? And how mean am 
opinion Shakespeare had of these petulant’ invec- 
wide tives, 


272 ILLUSTRATIONS OF) LITERATURE. 


tives, is evident from his close of this }é 
=i et there gal enough in thy ink, — 
thou write. it with a goose- no matter.” — A 
keener lash at the Attorney for a fool than all the 
contumelies he threw at the Prisoner. This trial of 
Sir Walter was on the 17th of November, 1603; so 
this Play, I think, could not be earlier than that 
pad (unless it may be objected these speeches might 
interpolations occasionally thrown in): how soon 

it might follow that great man’s misfortune I am not 
able to determine. But I have some reason to be- 
lieve it was performed the very next year, from an- 
other passage in the very scene preceding this. 

Olio. There lies your way, due West. 

Viol. Then, Westward-hoe. ._— - 


I have a strong suspicion that Shakespeare is here 
alluding to the title of a successful Play, that started 
about that time, written by Webster and Decker; 
called Westward-hoe. e first printed copy of 
this Play that I have seen does not bear date till 
1607; but the Play had made its appearance upon 
the stage at least three seasons earlier, as it is very 
obvious to conjecture. In the first Act, Birdlime, 
a bawd, says to a married woman whom she wanted 
to seduce, 

You are too nice and peevish; how long will you 
hold out, think you, not so long as Ostend? 

And again, towards the end of the fourth Act, 

The Book of the Siege of Ostend, writ by one 
that dropt in the action, will never sell so well, &c, 

For, I presume the affair of Ostend to be a recent 
circumstance, and in every body’s mouth at the 
time this Play was brought on, or the Poet might 
as well have talked of the Siege of Troy. Now we 
very well know, that in August 1604, this strong 
town, after a remarkable siege of three years, 
and in which above 120,000 men were killed on 
both sides, was taken by Spinola. But to put this 

zx matter 


' PHEOBALD AND. WARBURTON... 273° 
matter still farther out of dispute, Eastward-hoe, by 
Chapman, Jonson, and Marston, was printed in 
1605, and in the Prologue to that we find mention 
menent - *s Westward-hoe. | This, I think, as 
above hinted, pins down the first appearance of 
Twelfth Night My the year 1604. vr : 

-If you can pardon this digression, and acquit me 
of pedantry and impertinence, I shall, with great 
pleasure, return to order. 

‘P. 222, Falstaff will learn the honour of the age, 

French thrift ; 

Mr. Pope pretends to have collated the old quarto 
edition of this Play ; and yet there it is, as it most, 
certainly ought to be restored—the humour of this 
age. Honour for humour, you know, I have re- 
marked, likewise has got into Cymbeline, p. 74. 

_ Shakespeare, I think, again alludes to the thrift of 
his own times in Much ado about Nothing, p. 66: . 

The fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you 

_ encounter it. 

P, 223. I will possess him with jealousies, for this re- 
volt of mine is dangerous. ih 

This is sense; but I doubt whether the Poet’s 
meaning. The old quarto in 1619, and the first 
folio in 1623, have it jallowes and yallowness 
He ge our moderns have changed this into jea-. 

ies); for which reason I suspect we should read, 
For this revolt of mine [or mien] is dangerous, 1 

Ford (says Nym) I will incense to poison Sir 
John; I will work him up to yellowness; for the 
change of complexion is a symptom of being dan- 
gerne. Whether this or the other reading be best, 

absolutely submit to your discernment. 

_ [remember this change of complexion is remarked 
on in Mach Ado about Nothing, p. 126, where Be- 
nedict comes to challenge Count Claudio. 

'- Pedr. AsYam an honest man, he looks pale» art thou 

. _ sick, or angry? 

Pedr. By this light, he changes more and more: I think 
~ he be angry indeed. , 
YOu. iI. T P. 226, 


274 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 226. Ballow me some paper. © 

I suppose the Editors have thought this a de- 
signed corruption of the English, for borrow. me, 
&c.; but, as Dr. Caius isa Frenchman, and gene- 
rally speaks half French, half English, I am per- 
suaded the Poet meant it should be, ‘baillex moi some 
paper; @. e. fetch, bring me. 

~ Ibid. sub fin. What the good-jer’. 

I want to know the original and meaning of this 
expression, which occurs so often in our Author. 

P. 228. Though Love use Reason for his Presician. 

I do not clearly understand this. Should it not 
be Physician? Reason, you know, is said to be 
the Cure of Love. 

P, 229, Why I'll exhibit a Bill in the Parliament, for 

the putting down of men. 

What! the whole species, Mrs. Page, unius ob 
noxam? Yo not be so unreasonable in your anger. 
But it is a false charge against you. I am persuaded, 
a short monosyllable is dropped out, which would 
qualify the matter; read, for the putting down of 
fat men. Mrs. Ford, at the bottom of this very 
page, says, “I shall think the worse of fat men, as 
ong as I have an eye,” &c. 

And in the old quarto Mrs. Page, so soon as she 
has read the Letter, says, 

‘ Well, I shall trust fat men the worse, while I live, 
for his sake. 

Ibid. These Knights will hack; and so thou should’st 

not alter the article of thy gentry. 

Davus sum, non Oedipus. 

This is a riddle, which, without assistance, I 
believe I should never expound to Domesday. 

P. 230, But they do no more adhere, and keep place 

together. 

Annon rectius—pace; the 100th Psalm being 
slow, and Green-sleeves a rapid tune? ; 

_P. 232. I will not believe such a Cataian*, &c. 


* Cathaia. Warsurton, MS, 


This 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 275 


This word, I suppose, has a reference’ to some- 
thing that would explain its meaning. 

P. 234, Will you go, an-hetres? 

I have guessed; but how right, I dare not say, 
-nae Will you go, myn-heers? 

. Ibid. And stand so firmly on his wife’s frailty, &c. 

No, sure ; Page stood tightly to the opinion of her 
honesty. _ Should it not be rather fealty ? 

But, as a Scene ends here, so shall my Letter. 
Yet, if I have not reason to think I plague you be- 
yond all reason, I will say with Cleopatra — 

“* Who's born that post, when I forget to send to 
Warburton, shall die a beggar.” 

Dear Sir, your most obliged, and affectionate 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XVI. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarsurTon. 


Dear Sir, Nov.18, 1729. 

How just was the observation of Publius Syrus, 
Discipulus est prioris posterior dies ! Could I, with 
the same ease, convince the publick, as you, of this 
truth, how willingly would they indulge in a lapse 
of time beyond the period promised ! 

It was but last post, among my doubts upon the 
Merry Wives, [ troubled you with an enquiry about 
a Cataian. And being since obliged, upon another 
view, to consult the English History, I think, by 
ehance I have met with a solution. 

I will give it you first; and so go on with the re- 
mainder of that Play. 

P. 232. I will not believe such a Cataian, though the 
Priest o’ th’ town commended him for a 
true mao. 

I once thought Cataian and Bezonian to be mere 


‘fictitious cant-words, that could not be accounted for; 


T2 but 


276 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


but timely discoveries have since convinced me to 
the contrary. As to the explanation of Cataian, 
we are to know, that in the 17th year of Queen 
Elizabeth, anno.1575, Martin Frobisher (who was 
afterwards knighted by the Admiral, the Lord 
Charles Howard, for his services against the Spa-~ 
nish Armada) being furnished with his complement 
of Adventurers, set out with two barques and a 
pinnace upon his Voyage for the Discovery of a Pas- 
sage to Cataia by the North-west Seas. When he 
had sailed 60 degrees North-west beyond Fries- 
land, he went on shore, but found the land peopled 
with savages; and one of his company brought from 
thence a piece of black stone, like a sea-coal, which 
being assayed by the “Satta den was found, for its 
size and quantity, to be very rich in that ore. 

Upon this encouragement, Frobisher again, in 
1577, set out on his second Voyage for Cataia, by 
the North-west seas; and, entering the Streights, 
and landing 30 leagues beyond a i! of. land, which 
he had called Queen Elizabeth's Foreland, met with 
a great store of this black stone, and freighted his 
ship and bark with it. Again, 1578, his project 
was so risen in credit, that he sets out ona third 
Voyage, witli 15 sail. of good ships, manned, vic- 
tualled, and otherwise well-appointed. , After many 
attempts, and sundry times being put, back by 
islands of ice, in. the Streights, he recovered: his 
port, anchored at the islands called by the Queen 
Meta incognita, and freighted his ships with the 
like black stone, or gold ore, out of the mines. — 
This is the last attempt of his for making this 
Voyage that I find marked in History; and it 
seems obvious to presume, that, either from the 
difficulties in performing it, the ores falling short of 
the expected value, and the adventurers of their ex- 
pected gains, the project fell so low in repute, that 
a Cataian became a bye-word for one that promised 
more than ever he could make good, and therefore 
not to be believed. 

PY Se 


.) THEOBALD AND» WARBURTON. - 277 


Py vse The world’s mine oyster; which I with sword 
: will open. 

I would observe to you, that the old quarto here 
subjoins a line, that, in my opinion, ought not to 
be lost ; Xk 

‘I will retort the sum in equipage. 
. This makes Pistol first bluster in his fustian man- 
ner, and then, very naturally, in the same strain, 
renew his suit upon promise of recompence. Be- 
sides, it admirably marks our. Poet's exactness in 
keeping up his character. Pistol, in Henry V, p. 
_390, renews the same peculiar dialect ; See 

To retort the solus in thy bowels. 

P. 235. Three reprieves for you and your coach-fel- 

low Nim. 

Why, coach-fellow ? Sir John only kept horses. 
I fancy it should be either yoke-fellow, as, p. 233, 
they are called, a yoak of his discarded men; or, 
rather, couch-fellow, i.e. your chum. . Couch, you 
‘know, is perpetually used by our Poet for bed, 

P. 244, 245. Pardon Guest-justice, &c. 

But first, Mr. Guest — 

The Host is neither here at home, nor Shallow his 
guest, as I find by any other passages. The first, I 
think, should be restored from the old quarto : 

Pardon, bully Justice ; a word, Monsieur Mockwater, 

And the other, 

3 But first, Mr. Justice — 

P. 245. Thou shalt woo her. Cry'd Game, said I well? 

This is very obscure to me. We have guessed, 
Thou shalt woo her, try’'d Game, &c., i. e. you' ex- 
perienced Cock of the Game; or, red Game ; a bird 
of the partridge species: but neither of the conjec- 
‘tures give me any satisfaction, 

Ibid. Come at my heels, Jack Rugby. 

Had Mr. Pope either duly collated the ‘first folio 
edition, or were he a master of his own assertion 
in his Preface, p.3. “that, had all the speeches been 

: printed 


ae | 


278 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


rinted without the very names of the persons, I 

lieve one might have applied them with certainty 

to every speaker,” he had discovered that these are 
the words of Dr. Caius. 

P. 248, 249. Give me thy hand, Celestial, so. Boys 

of art, &c. 

This may be improved from the old quarto, with 
a small amendment in the pointing; thus: 

Give me thy hand, Terrestrial; so;—Give me 
thy hand, Celestial; so. Boys, &c. 

P. 250. All my neighbours shall cry aim. 

This is an expression which, adhuc expiscare 
nequeo: and yet I am eertain it is genuine: not 
only because it frequently recurs in our Poet, but 
likewise in Beaumont and Fletcher, and other his 
contemporary stage-writers. 

P. 252. I think I shall drink in prpe-wine first with him. 

Why in pipe-wine? What’s the conceit here ? 
I see, there ’s an allusion to pipe and dance; sed 
ultra non video. 

P. 255. Mrs. Ford. *Tis not so, I hope. 

The old quarto has it thus: 

Mrs. Ford. Speak louder : ’Tis not so, I hope. 


She archly wishes Mrs. Page to raise her voice, 
that Sir John may over-hear all that is said. 
So, infra, p.270: 
Mrs. Ford. No, certainly : — speak louder. 
P. 256. 17ll warrant we’ll unkennel the fox. Let me 
stop this way first. 
The first folio edition adds, 
So now uncape. 
This, I suppose, is a term in fox-hunting; but I 
am wholly unacquainted with it. 
P. 257, 258. Mrs. Page. Heard you that? 
Mrs. Ford. You use me well, Mr. Ford, 
do yon? .” 
Ford. Ay, ay, I do so. 
Mrs. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 279 
Mrs. Page.—Heav’n make you better than your 
thoughts. 
The old quarto, and first folio, serve to illustrate 
and rectify these speeches. 


Mrs. Page. Heard you that? 


Mrs, Ford.—TI, I, peace.—You use me well, Mr. Ford, 
do you? 


Ford. Ay, ay, I do so. 

Mrs. Ford.—Heav'n make you good. 

P. 259. If opportunity and humblest suit, &e. 

Anne Page is advising Fenton to solicit her father's 
consent. : 

Dr. Thirlby imagines, that the Author, . with 
more propriety, wrote, 

If zmportunity and humblest suit. 

P. 263. As they would have drown’d a blind bitch’s 

puppies. 

Are puppies ever drowned to chuse, for coming 
from a blind bitch? ‘As I know, in horses, a colt 
from a blind stallion much lessens its value. 

Or, should it not rather be, 

As they would have drown’d a bitch’s blind puppies? 

So in Two Gentlemen of Verona, p. 194: 


One that I sav’d from drowning, when three or 
four of his blind brothers and sisters went to it ! 


And Othello, p. 344. 
P, 275, If I cry out thus upon no ¢rzal, never trust me 
when I open again, 
What a dab at collating is our Editor! 
The first folio has it rightly : 
IF I cry out thus upon no trayle, &e. 
This is the hunting-term, and answers to open. 
So in Hamlet, p..238: 


Or else this brain of mine hunts not the trai of 
policy, &c. 
; And 


(280 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And again, p. 290: , 
How chearfully on the false trai they cry, Kc. 


P. 276. ————— thy honour stands 
In him that was of late an heretick, 
As firm of faith. 

First folio, rectits, ut puto, 
As firm as faith. 


P. 277. Mrs. Ford. Marry, this is our device, 
: That Falstaffe at that oak shall meet with us. 
Page. Well, let it not be doubted, but he’ll 
come. 
And in this shape, when you have, &c. 


In what shape, in the name of Mystery? Herne 
the ig wd shape is described in a foregoing 
ch; but is here the least intimation given, what 
shape Falstaffe was to assume? Now, Sir, judge 
whether this passage does not absolutely require to 
be supplied from the old quarto, that Page may 
have some reason for saying what he does. 
Take Mrs. Page's speech from thence: 
Let us alone for that. Hear my device. 
Oft have you heard, since Herne the Hunter dy’d, 
The women, to affright their little children, 
Say that he walks in shape of a great stag. 
Now, for that Falstaffe hath been so deceiv’d 
As that he dares not venture to the house, 
We’|l send him word to meet us in the field, 
Disguis d like Herne, with huge Horns on his head. 
P. 278. With some diffused song ; 
i. e. wild, uncouth, obsolete, I suppose. How to 
explain it from its derivative, I do not well know. 
But we again meet ‘it in Henry V. p. 467. 
To swearing, and stern looks, diffused attire, &c. 
And again, in Lear, p. 368: 
And can my speech diffuse ; 
which Mr. Pope has, without any authority, changed 
to disuse; Richard III. p. 298. 
P. 278. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 281 


P. 278. Mrs. Page. My Nan shall be the Queen of all 
the Fairies, 
Finely attired in a robe of white. 
Mr. Page. That silk willI go buy, and in that 
time 
Shall Mr. Slender steal my Nan away, &c. 
Surely Mr. Page never designed Slender should 
steal his daughter, whilst he went to buy the silk for 
her: it was not yet night; and Mrs. Anne was to 
be at the head of the Fairies, and from thence stolen. 
In short, 1 am persuaded, that Page, hearing how 
his wife designed their daughter should be dressed, 
meaning to take advantage thereof to bring about 
his own plot, would say, 


————— and in that tire 
Shall Mr. Slender, &c. 
t.e. attire, dress, habit. 

P. 279. Send quickly to Sir John, to know his mind. 

Here have all the Editors, in their sagacity, 
shrunk a Messenger into an adverb. We must re- 
store, Send Quickly to Sir John; and accordingly, 
in p. 282, she coming to him, he says to her, 

Now! whence come you? 

Quick. From the two parties, forsooth, 

P. 280. Simp. May I be so bold to say so, Sir? 
Host. Ay, Sir; like who more bold. 

Both the quarto, 1619, and the first folio, give 
the last line to Falstaffe, who, it is plain, is all 
along answering Simple. 

P, 284, There is divinity in odd numbers, either in 

nativity, chance, or death. 

I much suspect the word chance here; what great 
idea does it convey? By Quickly’s answer, I have 
been inclined to suspect, it might be chains. 

P. 291. Now, good Sir John, how like you Windsor 

. wives? 
See you these husbands? Do notthese fair oaks 
Become the forest better than the town? 

I am glad to end with a passage which gives me 

just 


282 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


just occasion to cry out, Editores, stultum pecus! 
What! does Mrs. Page bid Sir John look upon the 
husbands, and then call them oaks that better be- 
come the forest than the town? Crede mihi, plane 
ceecutium. 

Take it from me thus: 

‘Now, good Sir John, how like you Windsor wives? 

See you these, husbands? Do not these fair yoaks ~ 

Beeome the forest, &c. 

After she has spoken to Sir John, she addresses 
herself to her own husband and Mr. Ford, and asks 
them how they like the yoaks of horns on Falstaffe’s 
head, and whether they do not suit the forest better 
than the town. 

I missed the pleasure of a Letter from you yester- 
day ; but Wednesday will come to the comfort of, 
dear Sir, your most obliged and affectionate humble 
servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XVII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Thursday, Nov. 20, 1729. 

All compliments apart, I proceed to acquaint you 
that yours of the 17th instant is arrived; by the 
close of which I am left in the sweet expectation of 
having another to-morrow evening. Upon the most 
obliging encouragement given me, you may depend 
nothing but the most pressing interposition of hated 
business shall break into my promised uninterrupted 
correspondence, 


Your ingenious exposition of bid the base, 1 am 
extremely pleased with, if that be the term for 
your country sport mentioned. I remember it very 
well as a school-play, which we called Prison-base ; 
and it is to this very sport, I suppose, our Author 
again alludes in Cymbeline, p. 87: 

———— Lads 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 283 


—— Lads more like to run 
The country Base, than to commit such slaughter. 

Anthony, as you observe, is very fruitful in error, 
and it isa joy to me that you have hoarded up sucha 
crop of emendations upon it. I am like an ava- 
ricious husbandman, that want my harvest in, per- 
haps, before its season. Verbum sat sapienti. 

I chuse rather to rest in an anxious suspense, than 
venture upon too unreasonable a request. Unless 
your own convenience fully meet my desires, please to 
be a master of your own order in detailing your cor- 
rections to me. Apropos to Anthony; I thank you 
for your designed confirmation of the passage I had 
restored. Plutarch takes notice of Sextus Pom- 
peius’s flirt ; but, I suppose, did not know how to 
transfuse the ambiguous joke in Carine. The Edi- 
tion you put me in hopes of seeing of Paterculus, 
amended a you, I heartily rejoice in; and if, when 
this affair is off my hands, I can repay the least part 
of my debt, by a careful perusal of that Author to 
pick holes, I shall embrace the task with great satis- 
faction. Your quotation I had ; I was directed to it 
by Germanus on this hemistic of Virgil (Zn. viii 
361) lautis mugire carinis; the Commentator there 
tells the story, and refers us to Hor. Epist. I. 1. 
Ep. vii. 48. for this street being again mentioned: 

Atque foro nimidm distare Carina, 

Jam grandis natu queritur. 

In return of your favour, there is another pas- 
, if you may chance not to have observed it 
(which Germanus, | presume, had forgot to alledge) 
where your story is again told ;—as it may serve in 
the tail of a note to your passage of Paterculus, I will 
here subjoin it. See “ Additamentum Virorum II- 
lustrium ex Libris antiquis manu descriptis,” sub- 
joined to Aurelius Victor de Viris Illustr. cap. 84. 
Sextus Pompeius. —“ Pace facta epulatus in navi 
cum Antonio et Cesare, non invenusté ait. He sunt 
mee CARINE: quid Rome in CaRINIS DOMUM EJUS 
Antonius TENEBaT.” Appian, who likewise ian 
2 the 


284 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the historical circumstance of these three great Po- 
tentates supping on board the galley, makes not the 
least mention of Pompey’s satirical specch: but Dion 
Cassius in his 48th book is very express to my pur- 
pose. The Greek passage is not very ‘short, sol 
would not trouble you with it. But if either that, 
or quotations out of several other classics, where Ca- 
rine et Pompeiana domus are to be met with toge- 
ther, will be of any service to you, I will transmit 
them with the utmost cheerfulness. 

I am mightily pleased you concur with me in ad- 
miring our Poet’s thought concerning Orpheus’s 
Lute. We are not to wonder much that it is not 
marked by Mr. Pope for its excellence, since he is 
so little an Aristarchus in this province, that, to use 
a conundrum of Ben Jonson's, he is rather a stark 
ass. I own! was so charmed with it, that in my 
Orestes (with repetition of an Act of which, I think, 
I once troubled you) I could not forbear employing 
it with some little alteration, 

That hero, being conveyed by magic into Circe’s 
enchanted bower, and rapt with the pleasures of 
the place and the harmony with which he was en- 
tertained, thus expresses himself : 

This seems that verdant, never-fading soil, 
Where heroes triumph in their glories pass’d ; 
And lovers burn with unabating fires. 

Ev’n thought, the parent of distress or joy, 

Is tun’d to comfort, and drinks in delight. 
Musick !—O sweet as Orpheus’ harp new-strung 
With the fair tresses of the maid he lov’d. 

I have no other way of apologizing for this plagi- 
arism, but in confessing it. But how shall I excuse 
myself for plaguing you with my own poor stuff, 
when the business of Shakespeare was depending ? 

This is not Measure for Measure, which now 
calls upon us. 

P. 302. Like the ¢estzmonzous pirate. 

I do not know what Mr. Pope means by this fine 
word in both his editions; or whether it is mere 

chance- 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 285 


chance-medley. . Both the old folios, I am sure, 
have it,—sanctimonious. : 


P. 303. Lucto, A French crown more. 


I cannot but think some conceit is intended here, 
beyond what the words, simply taken, convey.— 
There is, I know, a mealy white scurf, growing on 
the legs of horses, which is called the crown scab : 
and I think, if I remember right, there are certain 
venereal eruptions dignified by the title of a French 
crown. Does he allude, think you, to this? I 
know our Author somewhere else, though I cannot 
this moment recollect the place, jokes upon French 
crowns being bald; which, perhaps, may help to 
clear. up this place. 

P. 304, Well, what has he done ? 

Clown, A woman. 

Downright indecency; nor had I quoted it, but to’ 
shew cue Editor's care and sagacity, mow while it 
is in my mind, upon another cleanly passage in our 
Poet, ‘Titus Andronicus, p. 161: 

Demet. Villain, what hast thou done? 
Aar; © That which thou canst not undoe. 


Chir. Thou hast undone our mother. 
Dem... And therein, hellish dog, thou hast undone..... 


Therein—W herein, in the name of reasoning ?— 
Why, in undoing her. We do not get a great deal 
of ground by this replication, that the poor empress 


_ is merely being undone ? 


~ There is an old quarto of this Play, printed in the 
foujsu, which Mr. Pope pretends to have col- 
lated. In this we have a reading, which, I believe, 
you will determine with me must be restored for 
sense-sake, and which the Editor, I dare say, did 
not stifle out of pure modesty : 


Chir. Thou hast undone our Mother. 
[Aar, Villain, I have done thy mother.] 
, Demet, Aud therein, hellish dog, thou hast undone, 


P. 305. 


286 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 305. What’s to do here, Thomas Tapster ? 


Does not the Poet here a little forget himself? 
The Clown afterwards, upon examination, p. 318, 
says his name is Pompey Bum: and Pompey he is 
continually called by ey Pp. 342, 343- 

P, 306. Whether it be the fault and glimpse of new- 
3 ness. 

_ In one of yours, you are of opinion, it should be 
limpse. Yow will give me leave to object, that I am 
afraid the word cannot be defended by any autho- 
rity ; and then to observe, that I believe the text, 
as it is, may be explained into sense. A glimpse, 
you know, is a short, obscure, glimmering light. 
And Claudio seems to think that the Deputy’s seve- 
rity against him is from the fault of newness; and 
the little insight he has in his duty, from being so 
Sresh in the office. Thus I understand the glimpse 
of newness. Glimpse, you know, is a word of our 
Author's, both in the genuine and metaphorical ac- 
ceptation. Hamlet, p. 226, revisit’st thus the 
glimpses of the moon. And Troilus, p. 272 (nearer 
to the sense of the place now before us) : 
There is no man hath a virtue, that he hath not a 
glimpse of. 
P. 308. So long, that nineteen zodiacs have gone round. 
The Duke, in the scene immediately following, says, 
Which for these fourteen years we have let slip. 

I doubt not but you have observed this discordance 
of reckoning, and that both places must be restored 
either to 19, or 14. We have let sap, I think 
should rather be sleep; so infra, p. 323: 

The law hath not been dead, tho’ it hath slept. 

Ibid. Now ’t is awake, &c. 

So, p. 306: 

But this new Governor awakes me all th’ inrolled 
penalties, 

Ibid. Now puts the drowsy and neglected act freshly 

on me, 


. But, in short, is the alteration worth proposing ? 
P.313. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. - 287 


~P. 313. The jury passing on the Pris’ner’s life, 
__ May in the sworn twelve, &c. 
So in the Merchant of Venice, p. 207: 
In christening, thon shalt have two godfathers, 
_ Had I'been judge, thou shouldst have had fen 
_ more, 
To bring thee to the gallows. 

Though the scene of one of these Plays is in Vien- 
na, and the other in Venice, it is evident the Poet 
keeps still at home, and has his mind full upon 
English juries. 

As I should be loth to accuse him of absurdities, 
I think I may let this liberty of his pass unobserved. 

» P. 316. This will last outa night in Russia, 
» When nights are longest there. 

Iam not geographer enough to know what night 
they have in Russia: in some parts of it, I think, 
the sun does but just dip, and rises again: to view. 

“Pp. 322. Well, believe this. ‘ 

This, well, &c. is not the style in which inferiors 
address the great: it is too familiar. The fault is 
only in the pointing, and Isabella will speak with 
much more solemnity and propriety. —“ Well be- 
lieve this,” &c. 7. e. be most assured, &c. 

P. 324, She speaks, and ’t is such sense, 

That my sense d/eeds with it. 

I cannot imagine why, if the Editor at all looked 
into the old folio, he has departed from’ the reading 
there, which to me seems perfectly the right—that 
my sense bends with it; i. e. her arguments are so 
convincing, that she makes a convert of me, and 
obliges me to think as she does. 

P. 340. His unjust Aindness, that in all reason should 

have quenched her love. 

Sagacity of Editors!—What was this kindness? 
Why, thougli Angelowascontracted toher, yet,shehav- 
ing lost her dowry by a wreck, he falls off from his bar- 
gain, leaves her in her tears, and dries not one of i 

2 with 


288. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. — 
with his comfort. This, as the Editor would. per- 


suade us, is kindness. 
But the first folio again happily bids us read: 
—_———— his unjust unkindness, &c. 


The remainder of this Play shall salute you by 


next post. 
T am, dear Sir, your most obliged and affectionate 
humble servant, Lew. THEoBatp. 


LETTER XVHI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Nov. 27, 1729. 

The sudden interposition of a theatrical affair has 
obliged me two posts to be in arrear to my purpose ; 
but I will endeavour to fill up the gap with doubled 
application. I have enjoyed the pleasure of two va- 
luable Epistles from you on Monday last, and one 
yester evening, with your observations on Anthony; 
to which nothing more at present, for'fear of swelling 
the correspondence, and retarding the point in view. 
Wherefore, to proceed with Measure for Measure. 

I will only barely mention, first, that I do not 
know by what accident it has happened, in your re- 
ply to Merry Wives, you are totally silent on the 
obscure “ cried game” in p. 245. 

One other word, if you please, by the bye. The 
interpretation of obscure places, as we go along, I 
would not burthen you with. What are really so to 
me, you know, are part of the subject matter of my 
queries. 

If you occasionally observe any imitations from 
the Classics, I shall take it as a favour that you will 
be so good to intimate them. 

Measure for Measure, p. 331: 

Else let my brother die, 
If not a feodary but only he 
Owe and succeed by * weakness. 


# First Folio, thy. P 
This 


“THEOBALD: AND WARBURTON. . 289 


This passage, which is a little dark tome, I had 
by chance slipt over. I do not know. what he means 
hhere by Foedary; the Officer so called in Law, I 


think, has no relation to the sense here required. 


P. 341. Clown. *T was never merry world, &c. 

There is something in this speech a little too ob- 
scure for me: and sornething connective wanting be- 
twixt the two periods, to make clear sense ; or some- 
thing, at least, wanting in my faculty of compre- 
hension. 


P. 342. Free from all faults, as faults from seeming 

free ! 

Certainly here is a casual transposition of two 
‘words, which destroys the Duke’s meaning. Should 
it not be, 

t as from faults seeming free ! 


P. 344. And ie is a motion generative, that ’s infal- 

lible. 

This may be sense ; and Lucio, perhaps, means, 
that though Angelo have the organs of generation, 
yet that he makes no more use of them than if he 
were an inanimate ee i But I rather think this 
was our Author's reading: and he is a motion unge- 
nerative, &c. because Lucio again, at p. 346, calls 
him, this ungenitured agent, &c. 

P, 347. ——-——_——- I am a brother 

Of gracious order, late come from the sea, 
In special business from his Holiness. 

His being lately come from sea is, I think, a very 
idle circumstance here. The third line seems to de- 
termine that the Poet wrote, 

—_———— late come from the See, 
i. e. the see of Rome. 
'P. 349. How may likeness made in crimes, 
Making practise on the times, 
To draw, &c. 

I am afraid both sense and syntax are wanting 
here. Then, what is likeness made in crimes? Or, 

vou.1r. U on 


“290 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


on what can this infinitive, to draw, depend? I 

-have so little notion what the drift of the pa 

should be, that I am at a loss how to set about the 

cure of it. 

P. 353. Abhor, Sir, itis a mystery. 

Clown, Proof. : 
Abhor. Every true man’s apparel fits your 
thief. , 
Clown. If it be too little for your thief, your 
true man, &e. 

This is a very notable passage, as it stands; but I 
suspect it is notably corrupted. What, does the 
Clown ask proof how the Hangman’s trade is a mys- 
tery, and so soon as ever Abhorson advances the thesis 
to prove it, the Clown takes the argument out of his 
mouth, and perverts the very tenor of it? To allow 
the text right thus, I cannot see any great humour 
in it. I rather imagine that the Poet intended a 
regularsyllogism, and that therefore both the speeches 
and the words are shuffled and misplaced. 

Thus I have ventured to cure it: 

Abhor. Sir, it is a mystery. 

Clown. Proof. 

“Abhor. Every true man’s apparell fits your thief, Clown. 
Ifit be too little for your true man, your thief 
thinks it big enough; if it be foo big for your 
true man, your thief thinks it little enough, so 
every true man’s apparel fits your thief. 

‘Ibid. If you have occasion to use me for your own 
turn, you shall find me yours. 


The old books have it, you shall find me'yare. 
It is plain, the apostrophe is the only corruption, 
and that we ought to restore it yare, i. e. dexterous 
in the office of hanging you. 

P. 357, Oh, Death ’s a great disguiser, and you may 

add to it; shave the head, and tie the 
beard, &c, 

But would tieing the beard have such an effect to 
disguise the features of a man? 

I am persuaded it should be, 

Shave the head, and Tire the beard, &c. 4s 
. 366. 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.. 291 


P. 366: Yet 1m advised to do it, he says to vailfull 


' ; purpose, 
I do not know how Mr. Pope understood this ; 
but surely it should be, 
————’ dvailfull purpose. 
P..372. In this I'll be empartial: be you judge 
Of your own cause. 

Surely this Duke had odd notions of impartiality, 
to commit the decision of a cause to the person ac- 
cused of being criminal. He talks much more ra- 
tionally in this affair, when he speaks in the charac- 
ter of the Friar, p. 376: é 

The Duke’s unjust, 

“Thus to retort your manifest appeal, 

And put your trial in the villain’s mouth, 

Who here you come v accuse, 
Sure, it should be, 

————_ In this I will be partial. 
P. $76. Stand like the forfeits in a Barber’s shop, 
As much in mock as mark. 

I have no notion what these forfeits are; but, I 
am sure, the allusion is most absurd in the Duke’s 
mouth ; it isa mere Poeta loquitur: as again Ham- 
let, when dying, talks of Death as of a Serjeant ar- 
resting him. 

P. 377. Shew your sheep-biting face, and be hang’d 


an hour. 
Ts this, an hour, do you think, genuine? I much 
suspect it. 
_P. 380. For Angelo, his act did not o’ertake his bad 
intent, 
And must be duriéd but as an intent 
That perish’d by the way: Thoughts are no 
subjects to which qualities are adjoin’d ? 
What does she mean by buried? forgot, buried 
in silence? And how is subjects to be understood, 
as with the Philosophers ? : 


pod so ends the First Volume with me. 

will proceed to fill up the remainder of my paper 
with the Comedy of Errors. 

‘ : u 2 There 


292 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


There are many things I set right in this Play by 
collation with the old folio, many of which I need 
not trouble you with. 

P. 7. A doubiful warrant of immediate death. 

It plainly appears by the context that they were 
certain of immediate death: I rather think therefore 
the Poet wrote, "4 

A dreadful warrant, &c. 

Ibid. Of Corinth that, of Epmpaurus this. 

I strongly suspect this a corruption from Eprpam- 
us: and I think the Abbess’s speech, in p. 58, 
seems to warrant my suspicion : 

By men of Epmpamnom he and I, and the twin 
Dromio, all were taken up, &c. 

P. 8. For ere the ships could meet by éwice five leagues. 

I cannot tell how to be satisfied with this passage. 
Egeon and his wife were lashed to two several 
masts, expecting wreck; and, floating with the 
stream, as soon as it was morning, they saw two 
vessels making amain to them, and yet oe vessels 
were no less than ten leagues from each other. This 
seems a very wild story to me, that am but a fresh- 
water sailor. 

P. 9. Now trust me, were it not against our laws, 

Against my crown, my oath, my dignity, 
Which princes would, they may not disannul, 

The pointing is certainly, wrong in the last line, 
and the order of the verses too, perhaps, is to be 
disputed.. Will the verb disannul answer properly 
to all these substantives? How might he be said to 
disannull his crown, in shewing pity ? 

What if we should regulate the lines thus? 

Now trust me, were it not against our laws, 
(Which princes, would they, may not disannull,) 
Against my crown, &c. 

P. 10. Till that I’ll view the manners of the town, 

Within this hour it will be dinner time, 
Peruse the traders. 

Here isa like transposition, which, Mr. Pope might 

have observed, is set right by the first folio edition. 
Withia 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 293 


Within this hour 
Till that 1711 view 
Peruse thé traders 


P. 16. Now, Sir, I will present you with a pas- 
sage, that will give you some employment in conjec- 
ture to rectify. After this couplet, 

——_——_——— Yet the gold bides still 
That others touch, and often touching will. 


The first folio edition adds: ° 


Wear Where gold, and noman that hath a name, 
But —__ By Falsehood and corruption doth it shame. 


P. 20. Keep then fair league and truce with thy true 
bed. 
llive distain’d, thou undishonour’d. 

Surely, this cannot be our Poet's meaning; if 
they both of them were true to wedlock, why should 
she be stained, and yet he undishonoured? It 
must either be, I live unstained; or else, with a dis- 
junction, dis-stained. : 


P.... We talk with goblins, ow/s, and elvish sprights, &c. 

Thiey might fancy they talked with goblins, and 
sprights, but why with owls, in the name of Non- 
sense? I make no doubt but we must read, with 
goblins, ouphes, and elvish sprights. 

So, in the Merry Wives, p. 289: 

_ Strew good luck, ouphes, on every sacred room, 

And 
Like urchins, ouphes, and fairies, green and white, &c, 

P. 24. I think thou art an ass. 

E. Dro. Marry, so it doth appear 
By the wrongs I suffer, and the blows I bear. 
Ishould kick, being kick’d. 

Certainly, this is cross-purpose reasoning. It ap- 
pears Dromio is an ass, by his making no resist- 
ance, because an ass, being kicked, kicks again. 

I would read, 

Marry, so it doth n’¢ appear. 
B37, 


294 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 27. You have prevail’d; I will depart in quiet, 
And, in despight of mirtH, mean to be merry. 

In despight of what mirth? We do not find that 
it was any joke, or matter of mirth, to be shut out 
of doors by his wife. May we not restore it, 

And, in despight of wRaTH, mean to be merry. 

His passion is plain enough all through this scene; 
and again, at p. 45, he confesses how angry he was: 

And did not I in Race depart from thence? 

As this puts an end to a scene, so it must close 
this Letter, On Saturday, God willing, I will pur- 
sue the remainder of this Play, and attack uch 
Ado about Nothing. 


Believe me, dear Sir, with the greatest sincerity 
and gratitude, unalterably, your affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XIX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurtoy. 


Dear Sir, ‘ Nov. 29, 1729. 
This, as L promised, shall trouble you with the 
remainder of my queries on the Comedy of Errors. 
P.28. And may it be, that you have quite forgot 
A husband’s office? Shall, Antipholis, 
Ev’n in the spring of Love, thy Love-springs rot? 
Shall Love in buildings grow so ruinate? 

' J doubt not but you have observed that this scene, 
for 52 lines running, is strictly in alternate rhyme; 
saving that it is broke in the second and fourth 
verses of these two first couplets. Sure this must 
then be through the fault of the Editions. Besides, 
what conceit could our Editors have of Love in 
buildings growing ruinate? Sure, they did not 
dream of Love made under an old wall! I have ven- 
tured to supply the passage two ways, and shall be 
glad to know which of them you approve for me. 

(It 


, THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 295 


(Itis certain, I think, a monosyllable has dropped 
from the tail of the second line.) 
And may it be, that you have quite forgot 
A husband’s office? Shall, Antipholis, ¢hus *, 
Ey’n in the spring of Love, thy Love-springs rot? 
Shall Love, in building, grow so ruznous +? 
* Or, hate? + ruinate? 

P. 31. §. Ant. What’s her name? 

S. Dro. Nell, Sir; but her name 7s three quar- 
ters, &e. 

This is a very odd and intricate passage, and has 
given me much trouble. I hope, it has given you a 
stop. Ican at last make some sense of it; I won’t 
be certain I have hit upon the Poet’s meaning; but, 
if I have not, I believe, it will be past my discovery. 

§. Dro, New, Sir;—but her name t and three quar- 

ters (7. ¢. an ell and three quarters) will not 
measure her from hip to hip. 

Tbid. In her forehead; arm’d and reverted, making 

war against her hair, 

Is there any equivocal joke here aimed at betwixt 
hair and heir 2 You know the stir about that time 
in France, to exclude Navarre from the Crown; and 
that Queen Elizabeth sent forces in aid of his cause. 

P. 38, one that countermands 

The passages of Allies 

In one of yours, last season, I remember you pro- 
posed we should read here countermines; but, if you 
please to observe, rhyme seems designed here by 
the Poet; and therefore I suspect it should be com- 
mands, What is meant, a little lower in this speech, 
of hounds running counter, and drawing the foot, 
T am too raw a sportsman to guess at. 

P.39. Adr. As if Time were in debt, how fondly 

dost thou reason ? 
§. Dro. Time is a very bankrout, and owes 
more than he’s worth. 


= Nell, i.e, an ell. Mr. Pope will call this restoring lost om 
c t 


296 ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


It is evident from the subsequent passages that 
rhyme was here intended by the Poet. Here is’ an 
assertion that Time owes more than he is worth, 
yet no: explanation in what respect. I only quote 
this instance, to the praise of our Editor; for, in 
the first folio edition, we have both the rhyme 
and the reason, ° 


and owes more than he’s worth to season. 


P. 40. What, have you got the picture of Old Adam 

new apparell’d? 

Antipholis is alone, and reasoning with himself, 
when Dromio enters to him, and asks this question. 
I suspect two short monosyllables are slipped out, 
or else I cannot tell what to make of this passage. 
I would restore — 

What, have you got rid of the picture of Old Adam 
new apparell’d ? 
i. e. of the bailiff. Adam, you know, went naked ; 
which the vulgar call, in his buff. The bailiffs went 
array’d formerly in coats of buff: so that this addi- 
tional buff, I presume, he means by the new appa- 
rel of Adam. 


P. 41, Nay, she is worse; she’s the Devil’s dam, &c. 
&c. &c, make me a light wench. 

The odd stuff contained in the place of these &c. 
&c. I do not know what to make of. 

P. 44. Tam an ass, indeed, you may prove it by my 

long ears. 

How, by his long ears? All the tenor of the fol- 
lowing speech ocala make us rather believe, it was 
by his patient bearing, or beating... , 

Ibid. Respect your end, or rather prophesie like the 

parrot. : 

First folio, 

- Or rather the prophesie, &c. 

T do not at all understand either reading. 

P. 50. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. — 297 


P. 50. It was the:copy.of our conference. 

By copy, I suppose, we are to understand here 
the old word copie (a copid), i. e. the fullness of our 
conference, all the subject of our talk. 

As in Hall’s Chronicle, in Henry V. p. 8, b. “ If 
you vanquish the Numidians, you shall have copie of 
beasts,” 7. e. plenty of them. 


P. 60. Thirty-three years have I been gone in travel. 

It seems very evident to me that there is a mis- 
take in the reckoning, and that we ought to read, 

; Twenty-five years have I, &e. 
My proofs of this are these. In p. 8, AZgeon says, 
My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care, at 
EIGHTEEN years became inquisitive, &c. 

And again, at p. 57: 

But seveN years since, in Syracusa-bay, thou 
know’st we parted. 

So that if the son left his father at 18 years old, and 
the father found him again in, seven years after, we 
may safely infer, I think, it was but 25 years past 
since his mother was in travel of him. 

1 should hint to you, there are other characteris- 
tics of time to be observed in this Play; but I ques- 
tion whether they will either confirm, or impeach, 
this conjecture. See p. 27. 1. 6: 

: Your long experience, Kc. 
P. 28,1. 22, 23: 
Ey’n in the spring of Love, &c. 
P. 53.18% 
‘ Long since thy husband, &c. 

P. 54.1.7: . 

Ev’n for the service that long since, &c. 

P. 57.1. 36: 

Ttell thee, Syracusan; twenty years, Kc. 


And 


298 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And now to (a favourite of mine) Much Ado about 
Nothing. 
_ P. 63. Enter Leonato, Jnnogen, Hero, &c. 
_Innogen, being mentioned even from the first 
arto editions downwards in two entrances of this 
Play, it seems as if the Poet had in his first plan de- 
signed such a character, which, on a survey of it, 
he found would be superfluous to receive, the name 
ought therefore to be expung’d; there being no 
mention of her in the Play, no one speech addressed 
to her, nor one syllable spoken by her. Neither is 
there any one passage, from which we have any rea- 
son to determine Hero’s mother to be there. And, 
besides, if Innogen were on the stage, as the printed 
ir suppose, the person, who comes.as a guest 
to her house, must certainly have paid his compli- 
ments to her as well as to the daughter. 
P. 64. It is so indeed, he is no less than a stuft man: 
but for the stuffing well, we are all mortal. 
It seems past dispute with me, that the pointing 
of the latter part of this sentence should be thus 
rectified : 
But for the stuffing, - -- Well, we are all mortal. 
Our Poet seems to use the word stuffing here 
much as Plautus does, Mostell. Act I. Sc. 3: 
Non-vestem amatores multeris amant, sed vestis fartum. 
P. 70. If I do, hang me in a bottle like a cat, and 
shoot at me, and he that hits me, let him be 
clapt on the shoulder, and called Adam. 
oie at a-cat in this position, I suppose, was a 
custom, like that Shrove-tide one, which I have 
heard of in some Counties, of hanging!a cock in an 
earthen jug cross‘a street, and throwing at it; and 
he that broke the pitcher, and fetched down’ the 
cock, was entitled to it. But why should the man 
that did this be called Anam? —Mr. Bishop con- 
jectured for me, that it should be a pas (or ie). 
Sed minis proba mihi videtur heec a fy 
j wi 


-THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 299 


_ I will venture to propose another guess to you, that 
I think bids fairer at the Poet’s meaning. We had to 
do with the picture of Old Adam, you know, in the 
last Play ; now, I believe, our affair is with one of 
more modern extraction.—In an old Comedy, called 
Law Tricks, written by John Day, and printed in 
quarto, 1608, I find this speech : 
-I have heard old Adam was an honest man and a 
good gardener, loved lettuce well, sallads and cab- 

. bage reasonably well, yet no tobacco. - 

Again : 

Apa BELL, a substantial outlaw, and a passing 

* good arcHER, &c. 

_ How much Archery was in vogue needs. no men- 
tion ; and it may be presumed this 4dam Bell was 
such a proficient in the science, that his skill might 
bring his name into a proverb. But, I think, I 
ought to endeavour at a nearer acquaintance with 
him; and then the conjecture will have more autho- 
rity. Perhaps, I may find some notice of him in 
Ascham’s Toxophilus. 

There is some forgetfulness in certain speeches, 
or intricacy in the scenery, of this 4dam. I know 
not easily hie to reconcile the contradictions: for 
example, p. 71: 

Pedr. No child but Hero, she’s his only heir. 

Dost thou affect her, Claudio? 

Claud. O my Lord; &c. 

' How comes Pedro to ask this question, when the 
affair has been so amply talked of before. 

P. 69. Claud. That I love her, I feel. 

‘Pedr. That she is worthy, I know. 

And again, what are we to determine of the fol- 
lowing passage? 

P71. I know we shall have revelling to-night, 

I will assume thy part in some disguise, 

» J) And tell fair Hero, &c. 

Where’ is this spoken? Antonio immediately 
comes in with Leonato, and tells him that a i 

° 


300 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of his had overheard the Prince and Claudio con- 
certing this business in an alley near Antonio’s or- 
chard; see p. 72: and afterwards, at p. 74, Bora- 
chio tells John the Bastard he had overheard them, 
from behind an arras in Leonato’s house, laying the 
same scheme. And yet it is plain from Pedro’s ver 
first words in the fourth Scene, that Claudio had 
not yet been in Leonato’s house; nor does ..... 
the stage till after this conference betwixt the Prince 
and him ; nor are we to imagine that they held the 
same conference in two distinct places. 

P.170. Shame, that they wanted cunning in excess, 

Hath broke their hearts. 

What! did shame, that they were not the cun- 
ning’st men alive, prove the cause of their deaths ? 
I dare say our Author means that extremity of shame 
had killed them, because they were not wise enough 
not to have banished Alcibiades. 

I read, therefore, 

Shame, that they wanted cunning, in excess 
Hath, &c. 
P. 172. Taught thee to make vast. Neptune. weep 
‘ for aye : 
On thy low grave ; on faults forgiven. 

On what faults forgiven? or why was Neptune 
to weep for Timon’s faults forgiven? The Poet 
had no such stuff in his head. 

Alcibiades’s whole speech, you will observe, is in 
breaks, betwixt his Reflexions on Timon, and his 
Addresses to the Athenians. I make no scruple to 
point, and explain it thus: g 

Taught thee to make vast Neptune weep for aye 
On thy low grave. —On, faults forgiven. — 
i. e. bidding the Senators lead the way, and pro- 
mising to use them with mercy. 

Iam, dear Sir, most affectionately, your obliged 

humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 301 


LETTER XX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 4, 1729. 

I have received none from you since the three 
confessed in my last, viz. 29th of November. I 
Bis no incense of the post. 

now proceed where my last left off. 

P. 94. To listen to our purpose. ' 

What purpose? The old quarto reads as I think 
we ought to restore it: 

: To-listen-our propose. 
i, e. hearken to our conversation. 
So, above, in this very speech: 
: Proposing with the Prince and Claudio; 
i.e. conversing with. So in Othello, p. 326, wherein 
the toged Couns’lers (for so L read that passage) can 
propose.as masterly as he. 

And, besides, Hero repeats the very same thing, 

‘in other words, in the next page (95) : 
Close by the ground to hear our conference. 
P. 96. But she would spell him backward; if fair-fac’d, 
She ’d swear the gentleman should be her sis- 
ter; &e. 

Some of our Poet’s modern Editors pretend he 
never imitates any passages in the Antients. 

Methinks, this is so very like a remarkable de- 
scription in Lucretius, iv. 1154, &c. that I cannot 
help suspecting Shakespeare had it in view : 

Nigra, ysnixgoos' est: immunda & feetida, dxoopos* 

Cesia, marddio’ nervosa & lignea, dopxas" 

Parvola, pumilio,  yag/rav ula, tota merum sal: 

“Magna atque immanis, xatamnéc, plenaque hono- 
ris; &c. 

The. only difference is, that the Latin Poet's cha- 
racteristics turnupon praise; our Countryman’s, 
upon the hinge of derogation. r 

” . 99. 


302 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 99. She shall be buried with her face upwards., 

What is there any ways particular in this? are 
not all men and women buried so? Sure the Poet 
means, in opposition to the general rule, with her 
heels pwatl, or face downwards. 

P. 104. Thou should rather ask if it were possible any 

villainy should be so RicH? for when rich villains 

“have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what 

price they will. 

If this be not mock-reasoning, I ought to submit 
to own myself very dull: for I cannot reconcile it to 
the sense that seems required. 

Should we riot rather read ? 

If it were possible any villainy should be so CHEAP ?” 

And Conrade’s preceding question, I think, war- 
rants this answer : 

Is it possible that any villainy should be so DEAR? 
P. 105. Conr. Masters, masters. 
2d Watch. You’!l be made to bring deformed 
forth, I warrant you. 
Coar. Masters, never speak, we charge you, 
let us obey you to go with us. 

I am confident something is wrong in the placing 
of part of these speeches. I allow, the Poet meant 
nonsense; but not nonsense without humour, as 
the Editors here thrust it upon him, and poor Con- 
rade. I am persuaded you will approve my regula- 
tion of the place. 

Conr. Masters, Masters 

2d Wa. You’ll be made to bring, &c. 

Conr. Masters 

2d Wa, Never speak: — We charge you, &c. 

P.116. Your daughter here the Princzss (left for dead) 
Let her awhile, &c. 

But how comes Hero to start up a Princess here? 
We have no intimation of her father being a Prince; 
and this is the first and only time she is compli- 
mented with this dignity. The remotion ofa single 
letter"and the parenthesis will bring her to het 
own rank, and the pla¢e to its frue meaning. 


Your 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 303 


Your daughter here the Princgs left for dead ; 

Let her, &c. 
i.e. Pedro Prince of Arragon; and his bastard bro- 
ther, who is likewise called a Prince. 

‘So again, p. 115: 

To burn the error that these Princes hold 
Against her maiden honour. 

And p. . .. there is some strange misprision in the 
Princes. And p. 129, I thank you, Princes, for, &e. 
_ P. 120. Write down, master Gentleman Conrade ; 

Masters, do you serve God? Masters, it is 
proved already, &c. 

It is plain, by Mr. Pope’s list, he has never seen 
the quarto, in 1600, of this Play; or, if he has, I 
will soon make it plain that he never has collated it. 

The Town-clerk here asks a question, and never 
stays for an answer to it. But the quarto supplies 
this defect ; and adds something very humourous, 
and in character : 

To. Cl. Write down, master Gentleman Conrade. 

Masters, do you serve God? 

Both. Yea, Sir, we hope. 

To. Cl. Write down, that they hope they serve God: 

_ and write God first: for God defend but God should 

go before such villains.—Masters, it is proved, &c. 

P. 122. If such a one will smile, and stroke his beard, 

And hallow, wag, cry hem, when, &c. 

Mr. Rowe is the first authority that I can find for 
this reading. But what is the intention of it? If 
a man will halloo and whoop, and fidget and wrig- 
gle about, to shew his pleasure, when he should 
groan? 

The old quarto, and the first and second folio edi- 
tions all read, 

And sorrow, wagge, cry, &e. 

But we do not get much by this reading neither ; 
yet, I think, by a slight alteration, it will lead us to 
the true one: 

And sorrow wage, cry hem, &c. 
z. e. combat with, strive against sorrow. 
Oo 


304 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


So Lear, p. 397: 

To wage, against the enmity o’ th’ air, 
Necessity’s strong pinch. 

And so, Othello, p..335: 

Neglecting an attempt of ease and gain, 
To wake and wage a danger profitless. 

P. 124, Canst thou so daffe me? 

Is not Mr. Pope’s explanation wrong here? daffe 
and doffe I take to be synonymous; and that t 
old man means, 

Canst thou shake me off so? 

P. 125. And speak of half a dozen dang’rous words. 

Certainly; and speak off half, &c. 

So Twelfth Night, p. 229: 

A terrible oath oth a swaggering accent sharply 
twang’d off, &c. 
P. 132. To have no man come over me? Why, shall 
Talways keep below stairs ? 

Should not this be, above stairs ? 

P. 136. Ant. That eye my daughter lent her. 

It is evident to demonstration that Leonato must 

speak this; for Hero, his daughter, worked up 
eatrice to be in love with Benedick. 

P. 137. Leon. This same is she, and I do give you her. 

Now it is as evident that this must be spoke by 


Antonio: for, in the preceding page, Leonato says 
to him, 


You know your office, brother; © 
You must be father to your brother’s daughter, 
And give her to young Claudio. 
P.137. Claud. Another Hero? 
Hero. Nothing certainer. 
One Hero dy’d, but I do live ; 
And surely as I live I am a maid. 
How is this made out? One Hero died, and she 
lives ; but how is she another Hero. 
The old quarto solves the difficulty, and makes 
the last line reasonable. 
One Hero dy’d perit’p; but I do live, 
And surely, &c. 
P. 138, 


“THEOBALD AND ‘WARBURTON.! 305 

‘P.138. Beat, 1 would nor deny you, but by'this good 

day I yield upon good perswasion: uf 

Mock-reasoning again. I read, 

I would yeT deny you, but, &c. 

'P.. 138, Leon. Peace, I will stop your mouth. 

What, does Leonato mean, 

Nay, pray niece, don’t keep up)this obstinacy of 
professions, for I have proofs to stop your mouth? 

I have a great suspicion it should be, 

Bene. Peace, I will stop your mouth. 

For else, with what propriety does Pedro imme- 
diately reply, but upon seeing such an evidence of 
fondness, 

How do’st thou, Benedick, the married man? 

The like expression for it, I remember we have 
in Troilus, p. 318: ; 

Cress, ———__—_——-_—__—- Stop my mouth. 

Troil, And shall, albeit sweet musick issues thence, &c. 

And so I end this Play, Sir, I hope, con la bocca 

e. 
‘Now to the Merchant of Venice. — 
P, 156, ———— (for when did Friendship take 
A breed of barren metal of his Friend ?) 

A breed of metal, as Mr. Pope rightly observes, 
may signify money at usury; but then will barren 
metal breed? I rather think the Poet wrote, 

A breed of BEARING metal. 

i.e, producing an increase, by usury, or ‘interest. 
Consonant to this, you know, the Latins explained 
interest thus: foenus, fotum accepti; and’ the 
Greeks called it réxoc. Both which expressions take 
in our 'Poet’s idea of a breed. See Nonius Marcel- 
lus in v. Fenus & Mutuum; and Gronovius de 
Sestertio, 4to, p. 414. 

‘P.158. And hedg’d me by his wit to yield myself. 

‘Sure the father shewed tather whim and extrava- 
gance, than any grain of wit, in this compelled dis- 

sition of his daughter: for it guarded against no 
inconveniences, as the consent of trustees might 

“VOL. I. x have 


306 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


have done; only tied her down to a sworn obedience. 
I would read, 
And hedg’d me. by his wit. 
So p. 149: ’ 
So is the will of a living daughter curb’d by 
the WILL of a dead father. 
And p. 149 (falsely so marked) : 
You should refuse to perform your father’s WILL. 
And again: 


unless I be obtain’d by the manner of my 
father’s WILL. 
P. 160, Turn upon your right hand at the next turn- 


ing; but at the next turning of all, on your 
left, &c. 


I think, I remember, somewhere in Terence, the 
arch-direction of a slave, who wants to puzzle his 
inguirer, perfectly like this— Sed non occurrit 
mihi locus. 

P. 162. As my father shall specifie. 

Considering Lancelot is here.upon. his game, and 
knocking all words out of joint, Mr. Bishop ima- 
gines this should be, 

As my father shall spicific. 

Just as he a little after says, shall fruitifie unto 
you—(fruit and spice). 

But is it of moment enough to mention? 

Ibid. You have the Grace of God, Sir, and he hath 

enough, 

Now here, indeed, methinks, this isa little too se- 
rious for Launcelot: and he delivers the proverb 
more justly than the Poet intended. It would be 
very satirical both to his old and new. master, with 
relation both to their religion and circumstances, if 
we might imagine a small transposition in the words, 

He hath the Grace of God, Sir, and you have enough. 

For Launcelot to say the Jew, whom he thought 
a Devil, had the grace of God; or that Bassanio had 
enough, whom he knew to be a borrower, ns 

roll. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 307 


droll. And then there is much humour too in the 
ironical reply of Bassanio : 
Thou speak’st it well. 
Or, ‘as we read it, 
Thou split’st it well. 
P. 175. That may be meant. Of the full: multitude 
that chuse by show, &c. 

Oh, the diligence of these Editors! Both the old 

quarto and first folio edition read, 
Of the root-multitude. 

P. 177. Bassanio lord, Love ! 

Mr. Pope certainly conceives—Bassanio lord, to 
stand for Lord Bassanio.—I take the liberty to 
alter the pointing : 

; Bassanio, —Lord Love! if, &e. 

P...... As ever knapt ginger. 

I do not well know what this expression alludes 
to. Is it the breaking ginger in pieces to put into 
possets, as I presume was then the custom; and 
which seems to be hinted at in Measure for Measure, . 
p- 358, Ginger was not much in request; for the old 
women were all dead. But I had not troubled you’ 
with this trifling passage, but to be informed, ex- 
actly, what is meant by a race, or raze of ginger.— 
Its seeming derivation from radix, or radice, of the 
Italians, makes me think they meant as we do, a 
little root of ginger. 

And so in Winter's Tale, p. 305: 

_ A race, or two, of ginger; but that I may beg. 

But how are we then to understand 1 Henry IV. 
. 198: 

E Ihave a gammon of bacon, and two razes of gin~ 
ger to be delivered as far as Charing-cross. 

What! would any body send two little roots of 
inger from Canterbury to London by the carrier? 
ure, this is worse than coals to Newcastle. 

P. 183. Thus ornament is but the gilded shore 

To a most dang’ rous sea; the beauteous scarf 


Veiling an Jndian beauty; in a word, 
x2 The 


308 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


The seeming truth which cunning TIMES 
put on 
T’ entrap the wisest. 

These very fine lines, I own, puzzle me. The 
Poet is haranguing, with some scope, of the decep- 
tion of exterior beauty, from the fucus, and false 
hair, &c. But pray, a word or two on the text. 
There is a glaring contrast betwixt gilded shore, 
and dang’rous sea; but is there the same betwixt 
beauteous scarf, and Indian beauty? 1 suspect 
both the pointing and the text wrong; but after I 
have submitted my emendation, I shall, with the 
greatest pleasure, retraet-it, if (as it is very possible) 
you shall explain it to me without any alteration. 
Thus I at present 

- Thus ornament is but the gilded shore 
To a most dang’rous sea: the beauteous scarf 
Veiling an Zndian. — Beauty’s, in a word, 
The seeming truth which cunning DAMES* put on 
T’ entrap the wisest. 

Iam, dear Sir, your most affectionate bounden 
servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXII. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarBurTON. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 6, 1729. 

I have just received the unspeakable satisfaction 
of two of yours, and read them with a pleasure an- 
swering my best expectations. General thanks pre- 
mised, I will only interrupt the business in hand 
with two or three words arising from part of their 
contents; and so fall into order.’ I am strangely 
delighted with Stephano and Staffilato ; and will 
for that reason lay out with my best diligence to trace 


* Or TIRES; oF TRIMS. 
whence 


-THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 309°. 


whence our Author derived his Play, the fable of it 
I mean. I have already thrown ina note on the 
nice preservation of the three unities. As you have 
stepped back to the Tempest, I will beg leave to 
take one passage of the Merry Wives in my way, 

which I had forgot to trouble you'with; p..235: 
Go; a short knife and a thong, to your manor of Pickt-hatch. 
I find this place often mentioned in Ben Jonson ; 
and sometimes joined with the Spittle.. 1 suppose it 
was somewhere in the suburbs of this great town, or 
the Borough; but what was done there, to which 
our Author alludes in the knife'and thong, I am ut- 
terly a stranger to.—And now as to Adam Bell or 
Dell. Iam. afraid, 1 must yet.grow better ac-, 
quainted with him... I mot, only remembered that 
remarkable story you mention of the Swiss Cantons’ 
enfranchisement, but had lately read it. Your me- 
mory does not.much deceive you in the name of the 
son to whom this revolution was owing. | It was 
Tell (or Tellius) ; and I wish he were full to our 
purpose ; but it happens a little unluckily, that his 
Christian name was /Villiam ; and so we are again 
at seek for_ddam. _ Moreri gives us.the story with 
all its particulars. Vide Tell (William) &c.—And 
next, as to my. doubts on the additional couplet in 
the 16th page of the Comedy of Errors.. Lam sorry 
I expressed myself so unhappily as to leave it a ques- 
tion whether I was desiring your assistance for my 
own information, or putting you upon a fruitless 
task. Pray, dear Sir, excuse me in your opinion 
from all attempts of this sort, or of using any such 
oping reserve with you. Believe me, I had toiled 
myself into the very abyss of dullness upon this 
assage, and met with no ground. Your discovery 
is, think, happy and satisfactory. I only observe 
the third line halts for want of a sy!lable, and in the 
second methinks a disjunctive would be better than 
a copulative. Shall I understand it right in reading 

thus ? 

Yet 


$10 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


i — Yet the gold bides still, 

That others touch :—Bur often touching will 
Wear gold; and [so] no man that hath a name, 
But falsehood, &c. 


And now to pursue my inquiries on the Merchant 
of Venice: 


P. 186. But who comes here? Lorenzo and his In- 

’ FIDEL? 

P. 187. Nerisa, cheer yon STRANGER.—Bid HER well- 

come. 

How comes it to pass, that there is no more notice 
taken of Jessica, and that Bassanio and Portia take 
no notice of her at all? Was she still in the habit 
of a boy, and appeared as Lorenzo's page? that there 
might be no oecasion of taking notice of her, and 
hearing her story, which could not be so properly 
done if Bassanio had a letter to deliver of such conse- 
quence, and that required so much haste; and much 
less, if Bassanio had read it. But then again, if she 
was in man’s cloaths, how comes Gratiano to say to 
Nerissa—bid her welcome, without intimating atleast 
that she was a woman in man’s apparel? And again 
is it not a little odd, in p. 188 Jessica mixes herself 
in discourse about the Jew her father’s desire of re- 
venge on Antonio, and still not one civil word is ad- 
dressed to her by Bassanio or Portia? 


P. 191. The Duke cannot deny the course of law ; 
For the commodity that strangers have 
With usin Venice, 2f it be deny’d, 
Will much impeach the justice of the State, 
Since that, &e. 
I suspect, the pointing and text are slightly de- 
praved in this passage ; and may be thus set right : 
The Duke cannot deny the course of law, 
For the commodity that strangers have 
With us in Venice. If it be deny’d 
*T will much impeach the justice of the State: 
Since that, &c. 


P. 192. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. gil 


'P. 192. This comes too near the praising of myself ; 
Therefore no more of it: HERE other things, 
Lorenzo, &e. 
Here again is a small depravation ; thus, I think, 
to be rectified : 


; - HEAR other things. 
And then it runs exactly like this passage in Ham- 
let, p. 262: 


——Ay, in my heart of heart, 
As I do thee.—Something too much of this.— 
. There isa Play, &c. 
Ibid. And use thou all th’ endeavour of a man, 

: In speed to Mantua. 

_ Thus all the old copies, and thus all the modern 
Editors implicitly after them; though it is evident 
to any diligent reader, that we must restore, 

In speed to Papua: 
For it was there, and not at Mantua, that Bellario 
lived. So, p. 199: ’ 
A messenger, with Letters from the Doctor, 
New come from Papua. 
And again, 
Came you from Papua, from BELLaRIO? 
And p. 218: 
It comes from Papua, from Bellario. 
P. 197. Cannot contain their urine for affection. 
Masterless passion sways it to the mood 
Of what it likes or loaths. 
Both the old quartos and the old folio have it: 
Masters of passion. ——— 
which seems to countenance another reading, if you 
think any change is necessary. Besides, doth alec. 
tion sway our passions; or passion our affections — 
If the former, I presume we should read : 
——--——_—— their urine. For affection, 
Mistress of passion, sways zt to the mood, &c. 
i. e. as I conceive it, sympathy, or antipathy, sways 
our passion to like, or dislike. 
P. 200, Repair thy wit, good youth, or it will fall 
To CARELESS ruin. 
Here 


312 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Here Mr. Pope’s eyes were deficient, for the old 

books read much more pertinently : 
To CURELESS ruin. 

'P. 202. A Daniel, come to judgment! yea, a Daniel. 

There is no fault in sense here; I think the point~ 
ing is not exactly as the Poet designed it. I like it 

> 
A Daniel! Came to judgment :—yea, a Daniel! 

For this reading not only extols the advocate, but 
expresses the Jew’s impatience for a sentence. And 
when Gratiano comes to retort the Jew’s words with 
him, he cries, 

_ A second Daniel! a Daniel, Jew!— A Daniel, 
‘still say I, a second Daniel! I thank thee, Jew, for 
teaching me that word. 

P. 204. Repent NoT you that you shall lose your 

/ friend, 
And he repents not that he pays your debt. 

Sure this generosity of Antonio is of a very extra- 
vagant cast. 

Do not be sorry for the loss of me, and I shall 
not be sorry to die for you. 

I think the old quarto exhibits the much better 
reading 

Repent But you, &c. 
Id est, do you but only be sorry that you shall lose a 
friend by my death, and that is all the recompence 1 
desire for dying for you. 

P. 206. So please my lord the duke, and all the 

court, 
To quit the fine for, &c. 

Dr. Thirlby, by a change of the subsequent lines, 
gives Antonio a much more generous way of think- 
ing. I will submit his reading to you: 

To quit THEIR fine OF one half of his goods ; 
Tam content To let Him have the other 

In use, to render it upon his death 

Unto the gentleman that stole his daughter. 


P. 208. There ’s more than THIS depends upon the 


value. 
More 


‘THEOBALD, AND WARBURTON. 313. 


More than what? More:than the ring depends 
on the value of it? Hither Ido not conceive the 
passage so clearly as I ought, or, methinks, we 
should read : 

There ’s more depends on this than is the value. 
P. 217. I once did lend my body for his WEALTH, &c. 
I think it should be, 
—___—— for his wEAL, 

As in King John, p. 57: 

__ Than whereupon our WEAL, on you depending, 
Counts it your WEAL, &c. 

P. 219. Or go to bed, now being two hours to-day. 

The old quarto, though the difference is minute; 
seems to give us the truer pointing : 

Or go to bed now, being, &c. 

And here, dear Sir, conclude my inquiries upon 
this fine Play. The next in order, I do not know 
whether we may not pronounce the very worst in 
the whole set. And it is no less corrupt throughout 
in the text, than it is vicious in the composition. 
But the badness of the coin shall not affright me 
from bringing it to the touchstone. Video, quod 
mihi egomet contrivi, ecedendum esse; as Dr. Bentley 
says of Johannes Antiochensis*. When this part of 
my labour is over, the rest will be diversion: and I 
pride myself much in the crop that you tell me you 

ave in reserve. ‘The small remainder of this sheet 
shall not enter upon Love’s Labour Lost, but with 
leave I will trouble you with two or three eccentric 
inquiries on Troilus. 

P. 290. The purpose is perspicuous ev’n as substance, 

Whose grossness little characters sum up, 
And in the publication make no strain: 
But that Achilles, &c. 

This is very strange stuff to me, however the wise 
Editors have solved it to. themselves. That little 
characters, or particles, sum up the grossness of any 


* See Bentley's Epistola ad Joannem Millium, subjoined to his 
Historia Chronica Joannis Malale. Oxford, 1691, 8vo. 
substance, 


314 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


substance, I conceive; but how they make no strain 
in the publication, is a little harder than algebra to 
me. Yet, by the transposition of two stops, I think, 
we may come at clear sense. 

The purpose is perspicuous ev’n as substance, 

Whose grossness little characters sum up : 

And, in the publication, make no strain, 

But that Achilles, &c. 
i. e. the aim and purpose of this duel is as visible 
as gross substance can be; and make no doubt, 
when_ it comes to be proclaimed, but that Achilles, 
dull as he is, will discover the drift of it. 


P. 335. The secrets of neighbour Pandar,, &c. 

I do not know what authority Mr. Pope has for 
this reading. The first folio reads, 

The secrets of Nature. 
What, if we should read, 
The secret’st things of Nature: 
i. e. the occult parts of Nature, or the mysteries-of 
Nature, as the Poet elsewhere expresses it: All’s 
Well that ends Well, p. 168. 
Hath not in Nature’s mystery more science 
Than [ have in this ring. 

So there is some allusion to this, I think, in this 
speech of Hamlet, p. 232: 

There are more things in heav’n and earth, Hora- 
tio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. 

But I am very much of opinion, I shall obtain a 
very satisfactory exposition from your sagacity. 

P. 345. Not Neopiolemus so mirable. 

Does not our good Poet forget himself here in the 
truth of story? He cannot by this Neoptolemus 
mean Pyrrhus the son of Achilles ; for he, from our 
own Poet’s words, was not yet come to the Trojan 
wars ; consequently had no eclat in arms to make 
him so mirable. P. 326: 

But it must grieve young Pyrrhus now at home, 

Whep Fame shall in his island sound her trump, &c. : 
And was there any other Neoptolemus ? 

P. 343, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 315 


P. 343, __—_——__ So glib of tongue 

: They give a coasTING welcome ere it comes. 

What is intended here by coasting? I know 
this is spoken of a vessel either saluting a coast, or 
being saluted from a shore; but this allusion seems 
too remote, and the metaphor too obscure, as there is 
no single syllable of a ship in the context. I have 
substituted, if you like it, 

They give accosTING welcome ere it comes. 

i. e, they are ready to caress every man, even before 
he makes the address. 

Iam, dearest Sir, your affectionate and eternally 
obliged humble servant, Lew. THEosBaLp. 


LETTER XXIL 


To the Rev. Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 11, 1729. 

I have received the pleasure of yours of the 8th 
instant; and rejoice much in the breach of your 
promise, or resolution, with regard to your fine expla- 
nation upoi Othello; as I do likewise in your res- 
cuing me from the doubts I had of that fine passage 
in the Merchant of Venice about ornament and ex- 
ternal beauty. I shall now, without farther preface, 
proceed to trouble you with my inquiries and at- 
tempts upon Love's Labour Lost.—By the bye, I 
ama little staggered even about the title not answer- 
ing, as I conceive, the catastrophe. The four gal- 
lants set out with protestations against giving way 


to Love; they all happen to be caught in the snare; 


and their respective mistresses, upon preliminaries 
settled, agree to make them happy in their suits at 
a year’s end: so that to me, as yet, Love's Labour 


‘seems to be Not Lost. 


P, 225. to study where I well may dine, 
When L to Fast expressly am forbid. 


Upon 


316 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Upon weighing the context with all the strictness 
and accuracy that I am capable of, 1 cannot but 
think the Author’s meaning is lost in a slight cor- 
ruption of the text; and that we ought to restore 
him to sense, and the deduction he aims at, one of 
these two ways, 

_When I to Feast expressly am FORPID ; 
or (you know he loves to play with similar words), 
When I to rast expressly am FORE-BID; 
sub judice lis est. 
P. 226. Why should I joy in an abortive BIRTH? 
At Christmas I no more desire a rose, 
Than wish a snow in May’s new-fangled 
SHOWS, 
But like of each thing that in season grows. 

From p. 224, at this line, 

O these are barren tasks, &c. 

all the subsequent lines are strictly in rhyme, either 
continued by couplets, alternate, or in triplets. But 
by the triplet that takes place here, you will observe 
birth is quite destitute of a rhyme to it. I have ven- 
tured to imagine the third line should be read thus : 
Than wish a snow in May’s new-fangled EARTH; 
the ground being at that season new-clad with such 
a diversity of flowers. 

P. 224. When I was wont to think no harm all night, 

By the way, does not this seem an imitation, or 
translation rather may I call it, of this Latin prover- 
bial saying, Qui bene dormit, nihil mali cogitat ? 

P. 227. Long. To fright them hence with that dread. 

penalty ; : 
A dang’rous Law against GENTILITY. 

To the second verse, I think, the name of Biron 
ought certainly to be prefixed; who makes the ob- 
servation, and then continues to read another article 
out of the paper. 

So, on the contrary, at thisline a little lower, 

Bir. This article, my liege, yourself must break ; 
the name of Biron ought to be expunged, as unne- 

cessary ; 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 317 


cessary; he going on to address himself to the King, 
immediately after he has read out the article. But 
how are we to understand the word GenTrxity here? 
Does it mean against gentleness, manners, and hu- 
manity? It cannot mean against the rank of GEN- 
TRY only; for women of all ranks were by the law 
indifferently proscribed the Court. I once guessed, 
it should be,—A dangerous law against GARRULITY ; 
all women having so much of that unhappy faculty. 

P. 228. I am the vast that will vast keep his oath. 

I think, I take our Author’s meaning in this pas- 
sage. but is not his English a little perplexed? 

P. 228, 


Peasesiot ses. shall relate 
In high-born words the worth of :many a 
Knight: 
From tawny Spain lost in the world’s debate, 
I correct the pointing of this passage thus: 
—_—_—. shall relate 
Tu high-born words the worth of many a Knight 
From tawny Spain, lost in the world’s debate. 
Ibid. Dull. Which is the Duxe’s own person? 
Bir. This fellow; what would’st? 

Here, and in several other places, DuKr has ob- 
tained erroneously for Kine; but then how politely 
has Mr. Pope's negligence made Biron answer! 
Nobody but he needs be told, we should point it 
thus : 


This, fellow; what would’st? 
Ibid. A high bope for a low HEAVEN. 
Unpardonable stupidity! Because God is men- 
tioned just before, these Editors concluded HEAVEN 
must be lugged: in after him. Lam persuaded you 
will read with me, 
} A’ high hope for a low HAVING. 
Shakespeare, uses this as a substantive not less 
than a hundred times. 
P2234, Boy, Ido love that country-girl that I took 
inthe park withthe RaTionaL hind Costard. 
From Armado’s’self-sufficiency, and contempt for 
Costard, 


318 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Costard, should not this rather be, 
The rrraTIonat hind, &c.? 

Or, as hind signifies both a rustic and a stag, does 
he mean, think you, to consider Costard as a mere 
animal, and so call him, with regard to his form as 
aman, the RATIONAL BRUTE? ; 

P. 235. Enter Costard, Dull, Jaquenetta, AND MAID. 

Marvellous accuracy indeed! Jaquenetta is the 
maid, or country wench, as the Dramatis Persone 
styles her, and no other maid enters. It therefore 
should be, if the additional words are at all neces- 
sary, Jaquenetta, s Map; ¢. e. a servant maid. 

Ibid. She is allowed for the DAayY-woman. 

I do not know this term. 

Ibid. Maid. Fair weather after you. Come, JAque- 

NETTA, come. 

Hence, I suppose, Mr. Pope derived his mistake 
of making the Maid and Jaquenetta two persons. 
But I will venture to solve this difficulty to him, 
by restoring as it ought to be: 

Jag. Fair weather after you! 
Dui. Come, Jaquenetta, come. 

For Dull, you observe, in his very first. speech, 
tells us, he-has the charge of ru1s damsel, and is to 
keep her at the park. 

P. 236. The rirst and sEcoND cause will not serve 

my turn. 

I remember you were’so good to say, you had 
something remarkable for me in petto, concerning 
our Author’s so very frequently alluding to DUEL- 
tinc. Ben Jonson, I remember, mentions it as» a 
thing then in vogue of quarreling by theory, from 
Caranza’s book De Duetio *. I presume, our Au- 
thor either had ‘the original, or some translation of 
this tract; which furnished him both with terms: 
and raillery upon the subject. 

P, 238, The young Dumain, a well-accomplisht youth ; 

Of all that Virtue love, for Virtue lov’d. 
Most power to do most harm, &c. 


* See “ Every Man in his Humour,” Act I, Scenes. 
There 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 319 


There is something here very cramp, and obscure 
to me; and I cannot make out the context with any. 
satisfaction. 

P. 239. Another of these students at that time 

Was there with him, as I have heard a Truth; 
Biron they call him. i 
I read, 
as I have heard, a Youra — 
As, again, the same corruption has obtained at p. 301 : 
A wife, a beard, fair HEALTH. 

But the passage I have communicated, and you 
approved my emendation. 

P. 241. For here he doth demand to have repaid 

An hundred thousand crowns, and not pE- 
MANDS 

One payment of an hundred thousand crowns, 

To have his title live in AQuITaIN. 

Sure, by the degradation of the right word here, I 
am very dull, or Mr. Pope has made stark nonsense. 
Aquitain was pledged to Navarre’s father for security 
of 200,000 crowns. ‘The French King pretends to 
have paid half the debt; but demands that back 
again, instead of remembering to pay as much more; 
in full discharge of the debt, and redeeming Aqui- 
tain from Navarre’s mortgage. This to me is plainly. 
our Poet's meaning. 

P. 245. Sigh a note and sing a note, sometimes through’ 
the throat: if you swallow’d Love with sing- 
ing, love sometime through the nose, as if 
you snufft ‘up Love with smeiling Love, &e. 

The bad pointing strangely confuses the sense 
here. I rectify it thus: 

Sigh a note, and sing a note; sometimes through 
the throat, as if you swallowed Love with singing 
Love; sometime through the nose, as if you snuffed 
up Love with smelling Love; &c. 

P)246, Arm; How hast thou purchased this expe- 

rience? 
Doth. By my PEN of observation. 
We 


320 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


We have conjectured here, either, PArN, XEN; or 
PENNY. 

P. 249; and infra, p. 256: 

My sweet ounce of man’s flesh, my IN-cony Jew. 

‘What monster of a word is this? Sure, Costard 

does not pretend to any skill’ in the French, and 
mean inconnu. I suspect something more intri- 
cate, or obsolete. 

Ibid. What’s the price of this incle? A penny.— 
No, I'll give you a remuneration: Why? it 
carries its remuneration: why? it «is /a’ fairer 
name than a French crown. 

I cannot be persuaded all is sound here according 

to the Poet’s intention. 

I will venture at some few changes. in the point- 

ing; and, J think, we shall come at bis sense. 
What’s the price of this incle? A penny. .—No, 
Vl give youa remuneration.—Why, it carries it.— 
Remuneration!—Why,. it. is a fairer word than sa 
French crown. 

P. 250. A very beadle to an HUMOROUS sigh. . 

Annon rectiis, amorous sigh? Though; I re- 
member, in Romeo, Mercutio, calling for him, cries, 
Lover, HUMOURS, madman... 

Forté numorous madman, i.e. governed by...» .: 
+ +++... and odd humour of your Love-passion. 

P. ..... And Ito be. a Corporal of his rietp; » 

And wear his colours like a tumbler’s HOOP? 

To be a Corporal of a Field. Is not this a very 

peculiar phrase? And then is'a tumbler’s hoop ever 
garnished with ribbands, or adorned with anly <diver- 
sity of colours? I confess, I neither remember, 
nor know. 
P. 253. 


+ 


Boyet, you can carve: 

Break up this caPon. 
i. e. open the Letter. I suppose,'as among the 
French, poullet is both a chicken and a love-letter. 
So in Westward-hoe, a: letter is called a wild-fowl, 
Act II. Se. 2: 
At 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 321 


At the skirt of that sheet in black work is wrought 
his name: BREAK not UP the WILD-FOWL till anon, 
and feed upon. him in private. 

But, dear Sir, as the remainder on this Play will 
come into Saturday’s packet, I will now conclude 
myself, your most affectionate and entirely obliged 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurrton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 13, 1729. 
This pursues, and [ hope will conclude, my in- 
quiries on Love's Labour Lost. 


P, 256. Then will she get the upshot by cleaving the pin. 

I easily see, obscenity is the drift here: but what 
does the phrase mean, or how hold up the allusion 
to archery ? 


P, 257. He is only an animal, only sensible in the 
duller parts, &c. 
The latter parts of this period I can neither recon- 
cile to sense, nor grammar. 
P. 258. The allusion holds in the Exchange. 
This puzzles me. 


P. 259. A good. cLusTeEr of conceit in a turf of earth. 


The first folio edition reads better in my opinion 
—a good tusrer [or, lustre]; which sorts better 
with the metaphors that follow. 


P, 260. Or rather as Horace says in his: What! my 

soul! verses! 

Does this allude to the Nescio quid meditans nuga- 
rum, and, dulcissime rerum, in Peacoat Serm. I. ix? 
Or is Holophernes going to quote Horace, and stops 
short on seeing the vetses in Nathaniel’s hand, thus? 

Or rather as Horace says in his ——- What! my 
soul! verses? 

VOL. I. Y P. 260. 


322 ILLUSTRATIONS @F LITERATURE. 


P. 260. Let me supervise the CANGENET. - 

I believe there is no such word. I read, canzo- 
NET, from the Italian, canzonetfo, a little song. 

Ibid. Ay, Sir, from one Monsieur Biron, one of the 
: strange Queen’s lords. 

When, in the name of exactness, did Biron com- 
meénce one of the mens train ? 

You will read with me, I doubt not: 

From one Monsieur Biron To one of the STRANGER- 
Queen’s LADI&s. 

This is the very fact ; and is confirmed in words 
in the next page: 

And here he hath framed a letter to a SEQUENT of 
the STRANGER Queen’s. 

P. 261. Dutt. Sir Holophernes, this Biron, &c. 

Sure this speech is quite out of character for Dull. 
Tt is evident to me, that after Nathaniel has consulted 
the subscription of the letter, he goes on to tell Sir 
Holophernes who Biron is, and then delivers the 
paper to send to the King: or, perhaps, at “Trip 
and go my sweet,” &c. Sir Holophernes is to speak 
and Senivee the letter; else why does Sir Nathaniel 
say ae spor : 

Sir, you have done this in the fear of God, &c: 

Ibid. Where if (being RePAsT) it shall please you to 

gratify the table with a grace. 

But what ? was Sir Nathaniel to go to a gentle- 
man’s house to dinner, and say grace only after 
meat? Qur chaplains now-a-days crave a blessing, 
as well as return thanks. 

I have suspected a small transposition of letters 
here, and read, I do not know how rightly, 

Where if, being a PRIEST, it shall, &e. 

P. 263. Why he comes in like a PERJUR’D. 

I read with the first folio, 
like a PERJURE. 

And so in our Poet’s old sketch of King John, in 
two parts, called his “Troublesome Reign” : 

But now, black-spotted peRyurE as he is. 


aes 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 323 


P. .... My true love’s fasting pain. 

What, does he mean, wanting his mistress? Or, 
should it be, fes#ring pain: 

P. ....... To see a king transformed to a GNAT. 

How toa gnat? With what sense... ....? 
I have suspected—to a auat. There is, I think, 
such an old word; though indeed, I know neither 
how to derive, nor explain it. But in Othello, p. 41. 

, I’ve rub’d this GNAT almost to sense, &c. 
The old quarto reads auar. ; 

And in All’s Well that Ends Well, p. 113, the 
Clown talks of a auatcu-buttock. 

P. 267. Not you by me, but I betray’d To you. 

Certainly, By. 

P. 269. Is ebony like her? O wonrp divine! ; 

As certainly, woop. 

Ibid.) Black is the badge of hell : ! 

The hue of dungeons, and the scuoor of night. 

The badge, and hue, is to me plain sense; but 
for the school of night, I willingly give it up to 
the sagacious Editors. I make no scruple of reading, 
—_— and the sTOLe of night. 
i.e. the black mantle, as he in many other places 

expresses it. ’ 

Ibid. For native blood is counted painting now. 

I suppose, dismounting the verse, his sentiment 
is—for painting is now counted native blood ; other- 
wise I can make nothing of the context. 

P. 270. Have at you then affections. Men at arms. 
~ Tread: 

Have at you then. Affection’s men at arms, 
4. e. Love's soldiers. As, p. 272: . 
Saint Cupid then, and soldiers to the field. 

P. 271. Of beauty’s tutors. 

Annon potits, beauteous tutors? 

Ibid. When the suspicious head of THEFT is stopt. 

I rather think, of rur1rr; 7. e. of the thriving, 
watchful miser, whose care of his pelf will hardly let 
him venture to sleep. 


Y2 P, 271. 


324 TLLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P.271. And when Love speaks, the voice of alk the gods, 

‘ Make heaven drowsy, &c. f 

I am satisfied these are very fine lines, but I do 
not full understand them. 

P. 273, 4. Nat. Laus Deo, BENE intelligo. 

Hol. BomME BOON for BOON PRESCIAN; a 
: little scratch, ’t will serve. 
_ I very well remember, without present reference, 
your ingenious conjecture on this Paseage. 

I will tell you how I had read it, with very slight 

variation of the text: 
Nat. Laus Deo, Bonz intelligo. 
Hol. Bone.—Bone for Bene. Priscran a little 
scratcht. ”T will serve. 

Alluding to, Diminuis Prisciani Caput. 

P, 274. The Last of the five vowels, if you repeat 

them ; or the fifth if I. 

But, if it be but for information sake, is not the 
last and the fifth the same vowel ? 

I suspect that we should read, 

The THirp of the five vowels. } 

And ‘Holophernes’s reply seems a confirmation of 
this : 

I will repeat them, a, e, I. 

Ibid. The sheep ; the other two concludes it our. 

Wonderful sagacity !—I read: 
concludes it O, U. 

Quasi; Oh! you ;—i. e. you are the sheep either 
way ; no matter which of us repeats them. 

P. 275. And I will whip about your infamy UNUM cITa. 

This Latin is out of my depth. I have imagined, 
CIRCUM CIRCA. 

Ibid. Do you not educate youth at the cHARGE-house 

on the top of the mountain ? 

I do not at all know this term. Is a free-school, 
or one founded by public contribution, ever called 
so? If not, I suspect it should be, cHURCH-HOUSE. 
As our Poet says again in Twelfth Night, p. 222: 

Most villainously; like a pedant that keeps a 
school i’ th’ cHuRCH. 


©. 210. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 325. 


P. 276. To be rendered by our assisTANTS at the 
king’s command. 


I think it should be, 


by our ASSISTANCE. 
P. 277. Most DuLt, honest DuLL. 
I read, ; 
Most dull, honest DULL. 
P. 278. Prin. Pox of that jest, and I beshrew all 
shrews ; ; 

But, KATHERINE, what was sent to you 
From fair Dumaine? 

I can never believe the Poet meant to make his 
Princess swear in this vulgar manner. Besides, the 
second verse halts. Rosaline and Katherine, you 
see, are rallying. I read the passage thus: 

Karu, Pox of that jest, &c. 
* Prin, But what was sent to you from fair Du- 
maine ? 

P. 279, So PERTAUNT like would I o’ersway his state, 

Is there any such word as pertaunt? If not, [ 
would read, 

So PeDANT like, &c. 
So above, p. 250: 
A domineering PEDANT o’er the boy, 
Than whom no mortal more MAGNIFICENT. 
Ibid. As GRAVITIES revolt. 
I read, 
As GRaVITY’s revolt. 
P. 280. With such a zealous laughter, so profound, 
That in this spleen ridiculous appears, 
To. check their folly, Passions, solemn tears. 

Certainly by this pointing the Editor never under- 
stood the meaning. 

It is clear to me that we should read: 

—— Passion’s solemn tears : 
i. e. they cried as heartily with laughing, as if the 
deepest grief had been the motive. Something like 
this in Miccrmer Night’s Dream, p. 128: 
Made mine eyes water; but more merry tears the 
PASSION of loud laughter never shed. 


P. 283. 


326 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


P. 283. Rosa. The musick plays; vouchsafe some 
motion to it: 
Our ears vouchsafe it. 

It is plain to me these speeches are wrong-placed, 
The King certainly ‘should continue to speak the 
first line; and Rosaline’s name be prefixed to the 
latter. 

I had designed to keep to the old quantity *; but 
I am this omen cereal with the pa | of our 
common acquaintance and favourite, poor Mr. 
Roome +; and I am sure you will excuse me, if I 
have concern enough to desire instant satisfaction 
of the truth. 1am, dear Sir, as ever, 

Your most affectionate and obliged humble servant, 
Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXIV. 


fo the Rev. Mr. Warsurrton. 
Dear Siz, Wyan's Court, Dec. 16,1729. 
My last was broke off with the unhappy notice of 
rt Mr. Roome’s death. The account is confirmed; 
e died about a fortnight ago at Rohan, and his 
place is already supplied. As he had owed the Go- 
vernment nothing if he had lived, so Fate was 
pe it seems, to make him an early sacrifice to 
uis duty for them. He was dispatched over to ne- 
gotiate some secret commission, and there was seized 
with the fever that has deprived us of him, He 
was buta recent friend to me; but had so man 
amiable qualities to recommend him, that I shall 
cultivate the remembrance of him, I hope, with long 
respect. But no more of him now. 
Love’s Labour Lost : 
P. 284. Veal, quoth the Dutchman. 


Is this the way of the Dutch pronouncing our 
word well? 


* The length of the letter. Eprr. 
+ One of the Concanen Club. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 827. 


P, 286. Are angels vailing clouds, or roses blown. 
Sure, this is a strange anti-climax ; but what does 
he mean by “ angels vailing clouds?” This phrase, 
I own, is very obscure to me. 
Ibid. Had he been Anam, he had tempted Eve. 
Bat is this allusion just ? 
I have ventured to conjecture, for the present, 
Had he been Satan. 
P. 287. This is the FLOWER that smiles on every one 
To shew his teeth . 
A Flower shewing its teeth is a very odd image. 
1 have made no doubt to read, 
This isthe FLEERER smiles, &c. 
_ And will you pardon me, if I presume to prove 
this by Gssehier emendation ? 
Tn the character of Boyet, p. 291, he is described 
as one 


. That smiles his cheek in JEERS; 
the received reading, years, is, I think, unpar- 
donably nonsensical ; and 
Holding a trencher sEasTING merrily : 


all which faculties are of a piece with one another. 


P..289. sans crack or flaw. 
Ros. Sans, sans, 1 pray you, 

What does this re-duplication mean? As we 
would say, in English, without any of your with- 
outs, "pray you. 

P. 293. Here is like to be a good presence of wor- 

‘THIES. 

I wonder how Shakespeare came to put Pompey 
in this list. The names of the Nine Worthies, ac- 
cording. to Gerard Legh, im his “« Accidence of Ar- 
moury,” are, Duke. Joshua, Hector, David, Alex- 
ander, Judas Macchabeus, Julius Cesar,’ King Ar- 
thur, Charlemagne, and Sir Guy Earl of Warwick. 


Ibid. A bare throw at NovuM. 


I do not know what sport the Poet here slings to. 
. 293. 


328 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 293. With Libbard’s head on knee. 

Cotgrave explains this, who tells us, une mas- 
quine was a Lion or Libbard’s head, represented on 
the knees, or elbows, of old-fashioned garments. 

, P. 294. Your lion that holds the poll axe sitting on a 
close-stool, will be given to AJAx. 

The preceding part of this sentence, I think, is 
very fully explained in Gerard Legh’s “ Accidence of 
Armoury.”. Alexander, as one of the Nine Worthies, 
bears, Gales, alion Or, seiant in a chair, holding 
a battle-axe Argent. But, upon Alexander's being 
foiled, how the joke turns upon giving these arms to 
Asax, I am perfectly at a loss to guess. 

P. 295. Keep some state in thy exif, and vanish.. 

As this speech is by Holophernes, and as that im- 
mediately subsequent is by him too, I have a strong 
suspicion that this line, addressed to Moth, should 
be placed to Biron or Boyet. 

P. 298. I go woolward for penance. 

I presume, Armado means, he goes with wool 
towards his skin ; but is not the expression odd? 

Ibid. An heavy heart bears Nor an humble tongue. 

Surely, this is not true in Nature; nothing so 
much abates our utterance, as the rebuke of sorrow. 
One of these two conjectures, I think, must be right: 

‘An heavy heart bears Bur an humble tongue ; 
or, 
A heavy heart bears NoT a NIMBLE tongue. 

P.300. Biron. And what to me, my love, and whatto me? 

Here is something a little obscure, and savouring 
of inadvertency in the Poet. Biron here asks his 
particular doom, and has his answer from Rosaline: 
and yet again, in the subsequent page, the same 
question in effect is proposed, and her determina- 
tion repeated. 

P. 303. When Dazies pied 

2, And Cuckow-buds 
1, And Lady-smocks 

As the rhymes of the four first verses in all the 

three 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 329 


three subsequent stanzas are alternate, it seems to 
me that the second and third verses here ought to be 
transposed.—But now I have done with this tedious 
bad Play; and I ought to conclude, with your old_ 
religious Editors, Deo gratias. 


AS YOU LIKE IT. 

The next Play has certainly more entertainment, 
and fewer faults. There is something betwixt Or- 
lando and Rosalind, as peculiar, and almost as en- 

ing, as between Benedick and Beatrice. 
ut, not to trouble you with general descriptions. 
P. 314, Clo. One that old Frederick your father loves. 
Ros. My father’s love is enough to honour him 
enough; &c. 

Surely, this reply should be made by Cex. for her 
father’s name, and not Rosalind’s, was Freperick. 

P. 317. You mean to mock me after 

Should not this be, 

AN’you mean to mock me after, you should not have, &c. 
P. 318. Is but a QUINTINE, a mere lifeless block. 
Bailey, in his Dictionary, tells us guintine is a 

measure, and quotes Shakespeare for it. 

But we are to read, 

Is but a QUINTAIN. 

It was an old custom, or sport, to run at a dead 
mark on horseback, called a guinten, or guintatne. 
Stow has given us this description of it in his Sur- 
vey of London: “ In the year 1253, the 38 Hen. III. 
the youthful Citizens, for an exercise of their acti- 
vity, set forth a game to run at the guinten; and who- 
soever did best should have a peacock, which they 
had prepared as a prize. He that hit not the broad 
- end of the quinten was of all men laughed to scorn; 
and he that hit it full, if he rode not the faster, had 
a sound blow in his neck with a bag full of sand 
hanged on the other end *.” 

P. 320. Cel. But is all this for your father? 

Ros. No, some of it is for my father’s child. 

* Stow's Survey, 1633, p. 72, where is a wooden cut of the 
Quinten. 

The 


330 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


The first folio edition reads, I think, more truly, 
For my CHILD'S FATHER ; 
i.e. for her sweetheart whom she was thinking of, 
and whom she hoped to have a child by. 

Thid. Fos. No faith, hate him not for my sake. 

Cel. Why should Nor? Doth he not deserve 
well? 

Is this a reason, why she should hate him? 
For so the position and pointing seem to require. 
Either the negative should be expunged, or it would 
be clearer to read, 

Why should I wave? &c. 
Rosalind lacks then the love which 
teacheth THEE that thou and I are one. 

Is there any doubt but that we ought to read, 

Which teacheth me. 

The proof of this seems evident to me from this 
speech of Celia, at p. 312: 

Herein I see thou Jov’st me not, &c. 

P, 324. Here feel we not the penalty of Adam. 

What was the penalty of Adam, hinted at by our 
Poet? The being sensible of the difference of the 
seasons. The Duke says, the cold, and effects of 
the winter, feelingly persuade him what he is. How 
does he not then feel the penalty? I read, 

Here feel we Bur the penalty of Adam. 

P. 330. And I remember the kissing of the BATLET. 

What this is I cannot find. 

P. 336. He whom a fool doth very wisely hit, 

Doth very foolishly, although he smart, 
Seem senseless of the Bob. If not. 

The third verse is defective a whale foot; and, if 
I am not mistaken, full as defective in the reasoning. 
The arguments of Jaques’s speech below plainly 
shew this. I read, 

NOT TO seem senseless of the Bob. If not 

P. 344. It is the right butter-woman’s RANK to market. 

This is a word I am not acquainted with. 

P. 346. 


P, 322. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 332 


P. 346. Goop my complexion, dost thou think, though 
T am caparison’d. 
Should not this rather be, 
: *opp’s my complexion ! 
As afterwards, p. 358: 
opDs my little life! 

P. 348. I pray you MARR no more of my verses with 

reading them ILL-FAVOURED. 

Does not our Poet seem evidently to have had 
Martial in his thoughts, Sed malé dum recitas, &c. 

P. 355. A nun of WINTER’s sisterhood. 

What can mean Winter's sisterhood? Is it the 
true text? or has Winter crept in here, to keep 
company with ice in the next line? I have imagined, 

; A nun of WINIrRED’s sisterhood, 

If I do not run away with a false legend, St. Wi- 
nifred suffered in defence of her chastity. But I 
appeal. © 

P. 364. I will weep for nothing, like Diana in the 

fountain, and I will do that when you are 
disposed to be merry; I will laugh like a 
hyen, and that when you are inclined to 
SLEEP. 


“Does not the designed contrast of the terms rather 
require WEEP. 

P. 367, Then sing him home, the rest shall bear this 

burthen. 

This is an admirable instance of our Editors’ sa- 
gacity, to say nothing worse. One should expect, 
when they were Poets, they would at least have 
taken care of the rhymes, and not foisted in what 
has nothing to answer it. Now where is the rhyme 
to, the rest shall bear this burthen? Or, to ask 
another question, where is the sense of it? Does 
the Poet mean, that he that killed the deer shall 
be sung home, and the rest shall bear the deer on 
their backs? This is laying a burthen on the Poet, 
that we must help him to throw off. I believe 
the mystery of the whole is that a marginal note is 

wisely 


332 _—«X ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


wisely thrust into the text. Being designed to be sung 
by a single voice, and the stanzas to close with a bur- 
then to be sung by the whole company, it certainly 
must be read in this or some such mauner: 

What shall he have that kill’d the deer? 

His leather skin, and horns to wear: 

Then sing him home: and take no scorn 

To wear the horn, the born, the horn, 

~ It wasa crest ere thou wast born. 
: The rest shall bear this burthen. 

P. 378. Yet the note was very UNTUNEABLE. 

The reply to this makes me think we should read, 
UNTIMEABLE. 

And now, dear Sir, I have both finished this’ Play 
and Volume. Our task in the next, I conceive, will 
grow more entertaining. 

Your acceptable Epistle of the 10th instant reached 
me last night. I have now only time or room for 
my thanks, and confessing myself, dear Sir, 

Your most affectionate and ever obliged friend 
and servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXV. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Sir, . Dec. 18, 1729. 

Receiving no packet from you by last night’s post 
(so that no occasion is given me for digression), I 
proceed directly to the Pantie of the Shrew. 

P. 5. Go by S. Jeronimy. 

I do not think Sly was intended to swear here by 
any Saint whatever; but that it has an allusion of 
great humour. I read thus: 

Go by, Hieronimo. 
i. e. thrusting the hostess aside, and calling her so. 
But now for explanation. You must know there 


was a cursed fustian old Play, called, Hieronymo (or 
" The 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 333 


The Spanish Tragedy) which I find the butt of rail- 
lery to all the Poets of Shakespeare’s time: and a 
passage that appeared very ridiculous in this Play, 
is, 1 suspect, here humourously alluded to: 

Hier. Justice, O! Justice to Hieronimo. 

Lord. Back ;—see’st thou not the King is busy? 

Hier. Oh, is be so? 

King. Who is he that interrupts our business ? 

Hier. Not I—HieroniMo, beware; GO BY, GO BY. 

So Sly here, not caring-to be dunned by the 
hostess, cries to her, don’t be troublesome, don’t 
interrupt me, Go by. 

And this passage is again fleered at in an old Co- 
medy, that r have more than once quoted to you, 
Westward-hoe : 

«« A woman, when there be roses in her cheeks, 
« cherries on her lips, civet in her breath, ivory in 
“ her teeth, lillies in her hand, and liquorice in her 
heart, why she’s like a Play ; if new, very good 
“ company, very good company, but if stale, like 
« old IERONIMO, GO BY, GO BY. 

P. 6, Braen Merriman. 

Mr. Pope, no doubt, is right in telling us that 
brach isa hound: but pray, is not brachhere intended 
as a verb, that Merriman should be taken some par- 
ticular care of; as in the next line, 

And coupe Clowder 
And as in the foregoing line, 
And TENDER well my hounds? 

P. 9. Who for THESE seven years hath esteemed him- 

self. 

I suspect, our Poet wrote: 

Who for TWIcE seven years. 

So, p. 12: 

‘These FIFTEEN years you have been in a dream, 

And, p. 13: 

Madam wife, they say that I have dreamed, and 
slept above some FIFTEEN years and more. 

P. 12.. Man. Simoy,. an’t please your honour. 

Sly. Sim ?—That’s as much as to say SIMEON 
or Simon. 


> 


Is 


334 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Js it not clear from the answer, that we are to read. 
Sim in the first line? 
P. 15. To see fair Pavua ————_——_—_— 
T am arrived for fruitful LomBarpy. 
But is Padua really in Lombardy? Jf not, I sup- 
pose we must read : 
—— — from fruitful Lombardy. 
Pisa, I think, Lucentio’s birth-place, is within the 
territories of Lombardy. 
P, 24. Be she as foul as was FLORENTIUS’ love, 
I confess, this is a piece of secret history that I 
am wholly unacquainted with. 
Ibid. As Socrates’ ZaNTIPPE. 
Mr. Pope, in the next edition, perhaps, will 
vouchsafe to restore XANTIPPE. 
P. 25. An he begin once, hell rail in his RoPE-tricks. 
From the terms following in the context, throw a 
figure, and disfigure, I had once conjectured we 
should read, in his rrope-tricks. But, J am afraid, 
the guess is not worth a farthing. I begin to suspect 
rope-tricks was the old phrase for tricks used by a 
crack-hemp fellow ; especially because in Romeo and 
Juliet, p. 252, fa) alti Mr. Pope reads : 
What saucy merchant was this, that was- fall of 
his ROGUERY ; 
the old quarto and first folio read ROPERY. 
P. 25. And her withholds he from me. Other more. 
The defect of syntax persuades me the pointing 
must be corrected here : 
. And her withholds he from me, ’and others more 
Suitors to her, &c. 
P. 28. Rage like an angry boar, chafed with swear. 
Should not this be rather, 
———. CHAF’D with PURSUIT. 
Ibid. —__—— for his own good and yours. 
I read, ours. P. 29, 


If it be so, Sir, that you-are the man must steed 
US ALL, &e. 


P. 30. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 335 


P, 30. Please ye, we may CONnTRIVE-this afternoon, 
4 And quaff carowses to our mistress’ health. 

I flatter myself, I shall please you with an emen- 
dation here. Tranio, you know, is but a supposed 
gentleman; and the Poet, I am persuaded, means 
that the serving-man’s qualities should break out up- 
on him; and that his mind should run rather on 
good cheer than contrivances. I venture to restore it: 

Please ye, we may CONVIVE this afternoon, &c, 

This agrees with guaff carowses, and with what 

he says at the conclusion of this speech : 
But eat and drink as friends. 

The word convive, you may remember, is again 
used by our Poet in Troilus, p. 349: 

First, all you peers of Greece, go to my tent, 
There in the full convive you. 

Ibid. ——-——-— but for these other Goons. 

I read, Gawps, i. e. trifling ornaments. 

The use of this word, you know, is most frequent 
with our Poet. 


P. 33. BaccareE, you are marvellous forward. 

Quid sibi vult Baccare? Is it the English word 
back, with a foreign termination? N.B. forward, 
in opposition. 

Ibid. Petr. O pardon me, Signior Gremio, I would 

fain be doing. 

Gre. I doubt it not, Sir, but you will curse 
your wooing neighbours. This is a 
gift very, &c. 

Stupid! Who were Petruchio’s wooing neigh- 
bours? He courted Kate, and had no rivals in his 
suit, that we hear of. In short, the doggrel verse 
is dismounted into nonsense. Restore : 

—_——-——— I would fain be doing. 
Gre. I doubt it not, Sir, but you will curse your 
wooing. [To Petruchio. 
Neighbour, thisisa gift, &c. [To Baptista. 
So p. 32: 
Gre. Good-morrow, NEIGHBOUR Baptista, 
Bap. Good-morrow, NEIGHBOUR Gremio. sat 


336 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 33. Tra, —__——-— then their worth is great. 
Bap. Lucentio is youR name? Of whence I 
pray? : 
Tra. Of Pisa, Sir, son to Vincentio. 
Here again, I doubt not but you will think th 
conjecture happy. : 
Baptista, in his Jast speech, says to Tranio: 
Methinks, you walk like a stranger, may I be so 
bold to ask the cause of your coming? 
Tranio replies; acquaints him with the cause; 
but does not give the least intimation who he is. 
And we have no reason to think Baptista such a con- 
jurer, that he could know a stranger’s name only by 
looking in his face. Distingue, meo periculo, 
then their worth is great, 
Lucentio is My name. : 
Bap. Of whenceI pray? 
Tra. OF Pisa, Sir, son, &c. 


P. 38. Petr. Itisextempore, from my mother-wit. 
Kat. A witty mother, witless exse her son. 
Petr, Am I not wise ? 
Kat. Yes; keep you warm. 

As Kate is so addicted to scurrility, I suspect, 

~—— witelesse ELFE her son. 

The two last lines I have quoted for another pur- 
pose ; you remember the ingenious emendation you. 
sent me upon Much Ado about Nothing: 

Wit enough to keep himself warm. 

Ought not this passage to be taken into considera- 
tion? 

P. 39. For I am he am born to TAME you, Kate, 

And bring you from a WILD cat to a Kate, 
ConrormaBLE as other HOUSEHOLD Kates. 

Does not the allusion and the opposition of terms 
here, rather induce us to write, 
household cats. 


P. 41. And all things answerable to this PORTION. 
The sense requires proportion: will the other 
word imply this? 
P. 41. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 337 


Ibid.» My land amounts not to so much in all : 

That she shall have, besides, &c. Zs 

Something seems wrong here: at least I am in 
the dark. ia cs 

P. 43. : Wrangling pedant, this. 

The first folio reads, my 

Bur wrangling pedant, this ts. 

Still we have but an hemistic, as well as but half 
sense. Some few words seem to have slipped out. 
The context would very well bear, sire Is A SHREW, 
but, wrangling pedant, this is, &e. ” 

P. 44, Pepascuxe, 1’ watch. 

Will Pedascule serve for Pedant? 

P. 45. 'To change ¢rue rules for NEW inventions. 

This new, I conceive, is an innovation of our Edi- 
tor. The old folios have it, oLp inventions. This, 
I acknowledge, must be wrong, and opposite to the 
meaning. I restore, 

To change ¢rue rules for opp inventions. 

P. 54, -Am I but three inches? why Tay horn is a foot, 

and as long I amat least. ~ 

Sagacity !—I read, 

Why, my horn. 

Grumio, coming post before his master and mis- 
tress, is furnished with a horn. 

P. 56. You PLEASANT swain. : 

Correct with. the first folio: 

PEASANT-swain.: 
P. 57. Fiat-Ear’D knave. 
First folio again : 

FLap-E£AR’D knave. 

P. 62. Like to a CENsER. 7 

This, I know, is a pan, or vessel, for burning in-. 
cense or perfume; so I have no difficulty here: but 
I will take this opportunity, while it is.in. mind, 
to request your explication of another passage upon 
this word: 2 Henry IV. p. 366: 

‘Why, thou thin man in a cENsor. 
VoL. I. ee Te P. 67. 


338 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 67, That I’m dog weary ; but at last I spied 
An ancient ANGEL going, &e. ? 
I cannot imagine that Shakespeare meant any 
prophanation here, or any such compliment to the 
old man as to call him Angel. I read: 
That 1’m dog-weary ; but at last I spied 
An ancient ENGLE coming. 
An engle, as I have many proofs, signifies a gull, 
one fit to be made a tool of. 


P. 67. —————— but formal in apparel ; 
In gait and countenance, surELY like a father. 
_ I make bold to read surty: and I think this au- 
thority will bear me out in so doing, p. 69: 
And hold your own in any case with such AUsTE- 
RITY as "LONGETH to a FATHER. 


Ibid. But then up farther, anp as far as Rome. 

Quod si, 

F’EN as far as Rome. 

P..69. Signor Baptista may remember me 

Near twenty years ago in GENOA. 
Tra. Where we were lodgers at the Pegasus. 
Tis well, &c. 

What, was Tranio fellow-lodger with Baptista 
twenty years ago? No such thing surely. He must 
be younger than all that, or very unfit to represent 
and personate his young master, Lucentio. 

You, I am persuaded, will read with me: 

Near twenty years 
Where we were lodgers 
Tra. ’T is well: and hold your own 

P. 71. Enter Peter. 
May we not reasonably ask, whence, or who are 
ou? This wight is not in the Dramatis Persone. 
sides, what is his business? An idéo tantim 
venerat ut exiret ? 


P. 75. Bion. Nay, faith, I’ll see the church o’ your 
back, and then come back to my MIs- 

TRESS as soon as I can. 
What 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 339 


What mistress does Biondello mean? I suspect, 
MASTER, é. e. Tranio, whom he was ordered to serve 
as Lucentio. Vide supra, p. 21: 

Your fellow Tranio here, to save my life, &c. 
Wait you on him, I charge you,  &e. 

P. 81. Have at you fora better jest, or two. 

Annon rectivs, BITTER ? 

P. 85. Come, come, you froward and unable worms, . 

My heart Is great. , 

How diligent are these Editors in collating! 

We must restore from the first folio : 

Come, come, you 
My mind hath been as big as one of yours, 
My heart As great. 

Ibid. Though you hit the wHire. 

Ts this a conundrum, Lucentio having married 
Bianca, which, in Italian, signifies white ? 

And so lt end with this Play.—I cure many shuf- 
flings and transpositions of the scenery, which I need 


“not trouble you with. 


The next Play I come to with great pleasure ; 
there are so many things in it superlatively pleasant. 

To-morrow, dear Sir, I live in hopes of the post’s 
arrival, which is a most sincere enjoyment to, dear 
Sir, your most affectionate and obliged friend and 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXVI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 20, 1729. 

I last night received the pleasure of yours of the 
15th instant, in reply to part of my doubts on Love's 
bour Lost; and with two occasional emendations 
on Othello and Measure for Measure. As I have 
always thought both these passages to. be genuine 
and free from corruption (as, I flatter myself, I shall 
likewise convince you they are), I know you will 
Z2 give 


349 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


give me the liberty to tell you how I understand 
them; and no time so fit for a short digression on 
this score, as while the passages are warm in both 
our memories. 
Othello, 361-2: 
Are we turn’d Turks? and to ourselves do that, 
Which Heaven hath forbid the Ottomites ? 

_ Todo what? You say; why, to make ourselves 
drunk, which Manomer has forbid his disciples to 

- do. The conjecture, like all you advance, is truly 
ingenious and refined; but, if I am not mistaken, 
struck out in the flame of an unbounded spirit. 
Please to weigh the circumstances with me. dee, 
having made the brawl which he had concerted 
take place, rings out the alarm-bell, which rouses 
Othello from his bed; and he, coming out, finds 
Cassio and Montano tilting so desperately, that 
neither his presence, nor all that Iago can say, will 
make them desist from violence. But Othello, 
dear Sir, does not know one syllable’ of drink 
being the motive of this fray. . Iam persuaded, 
therefore, the Moor means no more but this—What, 
are we turned Turks. to ourselves? are we cutting 
our own throats? and doing that [outrage] which 
Heaven (by this providential storm and scattering of ~ 
their squadron) has restrained the Turks from doing 
against us ? 


As to the other passage, Measure for Measure, 
p- 324: 
_—_—_ like an angry ape, 
Plays such fantastic tricks before high Heav’n, 
As makes the Angels weep; who, with our spleens, 
Would all themselves laugh mortal, 

Thus it seems to me to be pointed ; and thus to be 
understood. Men play such fantastic tricks as make 
the Angels weep in compassion of our extravagance : 
who, if they were endued with our spleens (and_pe- 
rishable organs), would laugh themselves out of im- 
mortality; or, as we say in common life, would 

laugh 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 341 


laugh themselves dead. The Spleen of Laughter, 
the Passion of Laughter, you Bsioty; are used in 
Love’s Labour Lost, p. 280, and Midsummer Night's 
Dream, p. 128. 

Please to remember this passage likewise in Troilus, « 
p- 286: 


at this sport, 
His Valour pies; cryes—O! enough, Patroclus— 
Or give me rips of sTEEL: [| shall spur all 
In PLEASURE of my SPLEEN. 

So much, dear Sir, as to my different conceptions 
on the two quotations which I submit to you. - 
Were I to particularize my pleasure on the beautiful 
hints and informations, which yours from time to 
time give me, I must stand still in my purpose, so 
much would eulogium usurp the place of business. 
But, before I proceed, good manners oblige me to 
desire your answer to one question. I know, you 
are neither zealot, nor precisian: and that the task, 
we are upon, is innocent, if not in some degree mo- 
ral. But, upon this ensuing festival, will not m 
correspondence break in upon your office? If it 
does, with the freedom of friendship, command me 
to suspend till further order, — I long for an excur- 
sion, that dear fund of pleasure, upon any one of the 
+++, dies that you shall dictate, In the mean time, 
directly forwards. : 

. All’s Well that Ends Well: 
__ P..91. Count. If the living be enemy to the grief, the 
excess makes it soon mortal. 
Ber, Madam, I desire your holy wishes. 
ney Laf. How understand we that? F 

There seems to me a slight transposition in the 
latter part, which might be cured thus: 

___ Laf., How understand we that? 

Ber. Madam, I desire your holy wishes. 

Lafew could scarce be at a loss about Bertram’s 
asking blessing; but the Countess says something so 
cramp, that I am obliged to ask his question, “ How 
are we to understand it 2” 

P. 91. 


342 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


he is so ABOVE me; 
In his bright radiance and COLLATERAL light 
Must I be comforted, &c. ; 
I am not astronomical enough to know, how, if 
he was so much above her, his light could be colla- 
teral to her. 


P. 93. Loss of Virginity is RATIONAL increase. 

Surely, should not this be NaTionau ? 

Ibid. Out with it; within ¢en years it will make itself 
two, which is a goodly increase, and the prin- 
cipal itself not much the worse. 

lam at a loss for our Poet’s conceit here. 

_ P94, Hel. That I wish well—’tis pity: 
Hel. That wishing well had not a body in’t. 

If Mr. Pope had thrown a diligent eye on the old 
folio, he would have found, betwixt Helen’s speak- 
ing thus, and answering herself, Parolles puts in 
WHAT'S PITY? ; 


Rig. 


P. 100, Was this fair face the cause, quoth she, 
Why the Grecians sacked Troy, 
* * * * * * 


: Was this King Priam’s joy ? 

As the stanza that follows is in alternate rhyme, 
and as arhyme is here wanting to she in the first 
verse, it is evident the third line is wanting. 

The first folio gives us a part of it; but how to 
‘supply, is the question : 

Fond done, done, fond, was this King Priam’s joy? 

P. 101, Fortune, she said, was no goddess,——Love, 

no god, COMPLAIN’D AGAINST THE 
Queen of Virgins. 

These words, as I take it, were first foisted in by 
Mr. Rowe: there are not the least footsteps of them 
in the first and second folio editions. 

The context persuades me it should rather be: 

Diana, No queen of virgins, &c, 
P. 103, Now I see 
The myst’ry of your LOVELINEss, and find 
Your salt tears head. 


I make 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 343 


I make no scruple but you will read with me, 
LONELINEss ; of which the Countess had above re- 
ceived intelligence from her Steward, p. 101: 

ALONE she was, and did communicate to herself. 


P. 106. ——-_—_————— Leet higher Italy, 
(Those *bated, that inherit but the fall 
Of the last Monarchy.) 
This is a little obscure to me, as I am not at all 
acquainted with the state of the Italian wars and 
embroilments here hinted at. 


P. 107. You shall find in the regiment of the Spinii, 
one captain Spurio WIs CICATRICE, WITH an 
emblem of war here, &c. 

A small transposition, sure, is here absolutely ne- 


M : . . 
One Captain Spurio wiTH HIS cicA- 
TRICE, an-emblem of war, &c. 


P. 108. 1’ll sez thee to stand up. 
Annon rectivs, 
Fre thee to stand up? 


Ibid. I have seen a MeD’ciNE. 
I read a Mepecin, Fr. a Doctor, or Doctress; 
so a little lower: 
And write to HER a loye-line.—And—why, Doc- 
TOR-SHE. 


P. 109, ———————— Hath amaz’d me more 
Than I dare BLAME my weakness. 
does not seem right to me; should it not 
be, BLAzE my weakness, 4. ¢. report, blazon, 
arabe ? 
P..110, Oft Expectation fails, and most oft there 
Where most it promises, and oft it Azts 
Where Hope is coldest, and Despair most SITS. 
I think rather, Frrs, i. e. is most fitting, or reason- 
able. No thyme to there remaining, 1 am afraid 
a line is lost. 


P. 111. 


- A divulged shame 
Traduc’d by odious ballads: my maiden’ ys —_ 
ear’ 


344 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Sear’d otherwise, no worse of worst extended, 
With vilest torture let my life be ended. 
I have not opinion enough of any of our Editors’ 
sagacity, to believe they understood this, as it is 
pointed, Iam sure I do not: I rather think, they 
passed it at random. 
One of these two regulations, I believe, will restore 
‘us some glimmering of sense. I submit them: 
———__-—— a divulged shame ; 
Traduc’d by odious ballads my maid’n’s name, 
Sear’d otherwise no worse of worst: extended 
With vilest torture, let my life be ended. 
Or, 


ar na ar meRC aes a divulged shame; 
Tradue’d by odious ballads ; my maid’n’s name 
Sear’d, otherwise no worse of worst exterided ; 
With vilest torture let, &c. 
P. 112, ———— But will you make it even? 
King. Ay, by my sceptre, and my hopes of HELP. 
As the parties are in a rhyming vein, I have no 
doubt but our Poet wrote, HEAVEN. 


P. 114, They say miracles are past, and we have our 
, philosophical persons to make modern and 
familiar things supernatural and causeless. 
This, as pointed, is directly, I think, opposite to 
our Poet’s meaning. I would stop it thus : 
to make modern, and familiar, things 
supernatural and causeless. 
For this; I think, is the property of philosophy to 
‘ake seeming“strange and preteriatural iy 
mena familiar, and reducible to cause and reason. 
P. 115. Why, your DoLpuin is not lustier. 
As it is ‘a‘Frenchman speaks, and as it is’ of the 
French King | hei is: speaking of, I read : 
’ Why, your Daupnin is not lustier. ” 
,\’ Mr. Pope'did not temember that in the’sld books 
» Dauphin is ever spelt Dolphin. 
P. 116, Hel.. Thanks, Sir; all the res¢ ARE mute. 
Lar. Thad rather bein this choice, ‘than throw 
Ames-ace for my lifes‘ 


All 


* THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 345 


All the rest are mute? She had spoke to but one 
yet. I read, with the first folio, 
All the rest 1s mute; 
(i. e, as in Hamlet, 
The rest is silence.) 
«T thank you, Sir; and that is all TI have to ad- 


vance.” ‘The next speech, I suspect, should rather 
be placed to Parolles. 


P. 117. There’s one grape yet, Iam sure my father 
drunk wine; but if thou be’est not an ass, 
I am a youth of fourteen: I have known 
thee already. 

Sure, this is! most. incongruent stuff. Lafew is 
angry with the other Noblemen for giving Helena the 
repulse; and is he angry too, and thinks the fourth 
Nobleman an ass, because he is for embracing the 
match? The whole, certainly, cannot be the speech 
of one mouth. 

I believe, by a small liberty, I can guess it into 
sense and humour. 

Lar. There ’s one grape yet. 
‘Par. Iam sure, ‘hy * father drunk wine. 
~ Lar. Bat if thou be’est not an ass, Iam a youth 
9") of fourteen: I haveknown, &c. 

If Parolles was not a little pert and impertinent to 
Lafew, how could he smoke him? or why should 
he quarrel with him in the very next scene 

P. 118, 


————————. Honours best thrive, 
When rather from our acts we them derive 
‘Than our. FORE-GOERS, 
Ergo ut miremur TE, non TUA, primdm aliquid da, 
Quod _possim titulis incidere PRETER HONORES, 
‘Quos ILLIs damus, et dedimus quibus OMNIA DEBES. 
Juven. Sat. viii. 68. &c. 
~ Ibid: A lying trophy, ‘and as oft is dumb, 
Where dust and damn’d oblivion is the tomb. 
‘o> Ofhonour’d bones indeed, what should be said ? 
This is such pretty stuff, as is only worthy of 
its accurate: Editors ! ly 


_. Tare’ prophesy, you have read with me: 


* First folio. 


346 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


is the tomb 
Ofhonour’d bones indeed. What, &c. 
Ibid. My honour ’s at the stake, which to DEFEAT 
I must produce my pow’r. 

The poor King of France is again made a man of 
Gotham. They will not allow him a grain of com- 
mon reasoning. Sure it must be, 
which to DEFEND ; 
or something equivalent to that sense. 


P. 124. Par. I shall report it so. 
Hel. 1 pray you come, sirrah. 
Another botch in pointing ; but we will read: 
Hel. 1 pray you.—Come, Sirrah, 
[To Par.) [To Clown.] 


P. 125. Like him that leap’d into the cusTARD. 

It has been conjectured to me, that this should be, 
cow's-T—D ; but I do not know for what reason. I 
fancy I can explain it with more probability. It 
was a foolery, perhaps, practised at entertainments, 
when the Pool, or Zany was in vogue, for him to 
jump into a large deep custard, set for the purpose, to 
set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh, 
as our Poet says. I do not advance this guess with- 
out a seeming authority. 

Ben Jonson’s Devil’s an Ass, Act I. Sc. 1: 

He ne’er will be admitted there, where Vennor comes. 

He may, perchance, in tail of a sheriff’s dinner, 

Skip with a rhyme o’ th’ table, from new-nothing, 

And take his Almaine LeaP into a CUSTARD, 

Shall make my Lady Mayoress, and her sisters, 

Laugh all their hoods over their shoulders. 


P. 127. Where are my other men? Monsieur, fare- 
well, 

What other men? We hear of no retinue ap- 
pointed to Helena. 

= should rather place this to Biron, and point it 

us : 
Where are my other men, Monsieur? [Zo Par.] 
—Farewell. [Zo his wife, as hastening her away.] 
y A 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 347 


As the Second Act ends here, I will be no farther 
exorbitant at present; but with the compliments ap- 
pertaining to the season, and all the happiness wished 

‘ou, that you can wish to yourself, I conclude, dear 
ir, your most sincerely affectionate, and obliged 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXVII. 


. To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Str, Wyan's Court, Dec. 23, 1729. 

I have received the favour of yours of the 20th in- 
stant with great pleasure; I may say, a double one: 
since I have not only the satisfaction from it of your 
most ingenious hints and explications, but of finding 
that I have the good luck so often to satisfy you in 
my conjectures too. I come entirely into your im- 
provement upon my sToxe of night, as your guess 
is both nearer to the traces of the letters, and more 
consonant to the other metaphors: but, I presume, 
instead of scrouL, as you in both places write it, 
you intended scow1 : for that is the word which sig- 
nifies louring, or looking sullen. 

4 , while I think of it, we will have a short 
word upon another passage, where school, through 
all the Piitions, ig v pendant been corruptly 
obtruded upon us, Macbeth, p, 205 : 

Herve, 
Here only on this bank and scnoox of time. 

Bank and school! What a monstrous couplement, 
as Don Armado says, is here of heterogeneous ideas! 
I venture to read, 
on this bank and sHoAt of time. 

i. e. this shallow, this narrow ford of human life, 
opposed to the t abyss of eternity. 
F in Hen, Vii. p. 68: 

And sounded all the DEPTHS and sHOALs of honour. 

nM ; A word 


348 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


A word upon one other passage, and then to order: 

Love’s Labour Lost, p. 271: ° 
And when Love speaks, &c. 3 

You propose a transposition of two lines. I would 
submit to you whether, without this change, by the 
addition of a single letter only, the same sense and 
noble conclusion, which you so justly admire, may 
not be come at, 

And when Love speaks the voice of all the gods, 
Mark heaven drowsy with the harmony ! 

Harmony making the heavens drowsy is the 
phrase which so much perplexes me. I do not re- 
member any idea similar to it. But, dear Sir, upon 
the arrival of yours, and consulting the passage, I 
went back to the lines preceding it, distinguished 
with commas by Mr. Pope, and started a discovery, 
till then unobserved by me, that the Poet is shewing 
how all the senses are refined by Love. 

It adds a precious szEING to the EYE ; 

A Lover’s eyes will gaze an eagle blind! 

A Lover’s EAR will HEAR the lowest sound, 

When the suspicious head of Theft is stopt. 

Love’s FEELING is more soft and sensible, 

Than are the tender horns of cockled snails. 

Love’s TONGUE proves dainty Bacchus gross in 
taste : 

For Valour, is not Love a Hercules? &e. 

But what has the poor sense of sMELLING done, 
not to keep its place among its brethren?’ And Her- 
cules’s valour was not in climbing the trees, but in 
attacking the dragon gardant. Was Hercules allured 
by the eipriniy of this fine fruit, as well as the 
golden hue ? If so, is it impossible that our Poet 
might have wrote, 

* For savour, is not Love, &c.? 
i. e. for smelling out the sweets, the delicacies (as 
in Horace, illius que spirabat amores) (or, as in 
Virgil, divinum vertice odorem spiravére) &c. 
axéyw. You so happily retrieved a lost sense in 
Timon 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 349 


Timon for me, that I promise myself the same suc- 

cess from your assistance here. ; 

And now I proceed with All’s Well that Ends 
Well. 

P. 128. But like @ common and an outward man, . 

That the great figure of a council frames 
_ From self-unable- Motion, therefore dare not 
Say what I think of it? 

From the whole context, ‘it, is clear to me that we 
ought to read : 

From self-unable NOTION. 

i. e. from my own narrow conception, compiehen- 

sion, &e. 

_ P. 131. Indeed, Hen lady, the fellow has a deil of 
that too much, which HOLDs him’ muck to 
have. 

Ido not understand this reading, but guess sors, 
i. e, he has so many bad qualities, that having then 
is a great soil and disreputation to him. 

P. 137, ———_——-——- Yond ’s that same knave, 

That leads him to these PLACES. 

What places? They have not’ been talking of 
infamous Hitec, or any particular locality. I read— 
packs, @. e. that leads him: to ‘take such irregular 
steps, to debaucheries, to not loving his wife. 

P. 139. If you give him not Joun Drum’s entertain- 

ment, your inclining cannot be remov’d. 

I read Tom Drum’s entertainment. So, p..175: 

Good Tom Drum, lend snaiathandkertiel 

I should not, dear Sir, have troubled you with 
so minute and trivial an observation; but that, I 
flatter myself, you will not be displeased with my 
explanation of the passage before us, and the odd 
phrase of Tom Drum’s Entertainment. 

The Second Lord says to Bertram to this effect : 

« My lord, ‘as you have taken this fellow [ Parol- 
* es] into so near a confidence, if, upon his being 
“found a counterfeit, you do not cashier him 
“from your favour, then your attachment to him 
‘is not to be removed.” 


‘i ‘ For 


350 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


For confirmation of this meaning, we must make a 
quotation from Holinshed, of whose books Shake- 
speare was a most diligent reader. This Chronologer, 
in his description of Ireland, speaking of Patrick 
Scarsefield (Mayor of Dublin in the year 1551) and 
of his extravagant hospitality, subjoins, that no 
guest had ever a cold or forbidding look from any 
part of his family; so, that “ his porter, or any other 
officer, durst not for both his ears give the simplest 
man that resorted to his house TOM DRUM’S ENTER- 
TAINNENT, which is, to hale a man in by the head, 
and ‘hrust him out by both the shoulders.” 

Ipresume, it may be necessary to quote this. 

J. 144, I must put you into a butterwoman’s mouth, 

and buy myself another of Bajazet’s mule. 

Why of Bajazet’s mule, any more than any other 
nule? ‘I do not take the conceit. 

P. 148. Since Frenchmen are so BRAID. 

Quid sibi vult braid? 

P. 159. I would Z had not known him. 

I think this should be, 

I would He had not known him, 

i. e. her son known Parolles. 

P. 163. But I am now, Sir, muddied in Fortune’s 
MOOD, and smell somewhat strong of her 
strong displeasure, 

Fortune's mood is without question good sense and 

proper, and yet I believe it ought to be: 

a in Fortune’s MoaT. 

Because the Clown in the very next scene says, 

I will henceforth eat no risH of Fortune’s but- 
tering. 

And again in the next page, 

That hath fallen into the unclean, FISH-POND of 
her displeasure, and, as he says, is MUDDIED withal. 
Pray you, Sir, use the CARP as you may, .&c. 

P. 167. Which better than the first, O dear heav’n, 
bless, 

Or, ere they meet, in me, O Nature, cease! 


I have 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 351 


I have a strong suspicion these two lines should be 
spoken by the Countess. If Bertram made a bad 
husband the second time, why should it give the 
king such mortal pangs? The mother, indeed, 
might well not desire to live to see the day. 

P. 168. Noble she was, and thought I stood enGae’p. 

If the Editors are not a little too wise for me here, 
I suspect from the context it should be, 

—_______——_I stood uncae’p, 
z.e. unengag’d ; neither my heart, nor person, dis- 
posed of. 

P. 169. I will buy me a son in law in a fair, and toll 

for this. I'll none of him. 

I do not clearly understand this; and suspect the 
pointing. 

P. 170, Sir, for my thoughts, you have them ill to 

friend, 

Till your deeds gain them fairer: prove your 
honour 

Than in my thought it lies, 

Sure, the pointing here cannot be right: nor is 
the sense clear, or grammar justifiable. I read and 
point it thus: 

- gain them: Fairer prove your honour, 
Than in my thought it lies ! 


And now, dear Sir, having finished my queries on 
this Play, with leave I will fill up the remainder of 
my paper with two or three passages by way of ex- 
cursion : 

Ist Henry IV. p. 185: 

Fal. Why, Hal, ’t is my vocation, Hal. ’T is no 

sin for a man to Jabour in his vocation. 
1 Enter Poins. 
.Poins. Now shall.we know if Gadshill have set a 
“match. 

Thus the whole tribe of Editors, uno ore. But, 
I think, here is as signal a blunder has eseaped them, 
as any one through the whole set of Plays. Will 
any body persuade me, Shakespeare could be guilty 

0 


352 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of such an inconsistency, as to make Poines at his first 
entrance want news of Gadshill ; and immediately. 
after to be able to give a full account of him ? 

I make not the least doubt, but as soon as ever 
Poines is seen, Falstaffe turns the stream of his dis-. 
course from the Prince, and cries: _. 

Poines !—Now shall we know if Gadshill, one , 

Please but to examine how much this speech | is i Jn. 
character for Falstaffe : and as confirmation, Poines 
seems in part to overhear him: and so soon as he has. 
returned the Prince’s salutations, cries by way of 
answer : 

What says, Monsieur Remorse ?- What nay ‘Sir 
John Sack and Sugar? 
* Pp, 236, Thou art our Admiral, thou Kale st the dant, 
horn in the poop, BUT ’tis in the nose of. 
thee. 

In the first place, does not every vessel carry the 
lanthorn in the poop? And then, why this discre- 
tive But? I think verily, it should be: 

Thou bear’st the lanthorn NoT in “ poop, but 
*t is in the nose of thee. 


P. 266. Hots. O Harry, thou hast robbed me of my 
YOUTH. 
Why does Hotspur level his complaint there? He 
a little rbefond wishes Prince Harry’s name in arms ° 
were’ as great as his own; that his own renown 
might be still the higher in overcoming him; and 
here he says that the loss of life he better brooks’ 
than the loss of those high titles which the Prince’ 
wins of him by his defeat. : Why then this regret— 
at the loss of his youth ? 
I have a strong suspicion that our Poet wrote : 
O Harry, thou hast robb’d me of my woRTH. 
z, e. thou hast cut off the fame of all my budding 
honours, by this conquest of thine. vm 


2 Henry IV. p. 324: : 
_ There is Two more call’d than your number, 
you must have but Four here, Sir. 
* - How, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 353 


How, two more? Falstaffe was to have Four: 
and there are but rive called in all; Mouldy, Sha- 
dow, Wart, Feeble, and Bulcalfe. I am afraid, 
something either is lost; or else, sure, the Poet 
could not be so palpably inadvertent. 

Henry V. p. 421: 

The King is coming, and I must speak with him. 

Please to see Mr. Pope’s accurate note. I beg 
his pardon, if I wrong him. I say the words From 
THE BRIDGE ought to be continued. Fluellen, who 
came from’ the bridge, means, that he wants to ac- 
quaint the King with the transactions there, and 
with the Duke of Exeter’s having repulsed the French 
from thence. On the presumption of being right 
in this, I will make bold to attack another wise cri- 
ticism of our Editor, lower in this Play, p. 451 : 

Kill the boys and the luggage! &c. 

You see upon what reasoning Mr. Pope has made 
bold to displace a Chorus, which was put very ab- 
surdly here in his opinion. But I say, Mr. Pope 
has committed a much greater absurdity in making 
this alteration. ‘The King ordered the prisoners to 
be killed just as he goes off; and it appears by the 
second s h of this scene, that they are killed; so 
that the interval of the act is necessary for that pur- 
pose. Besides, if Mr. Pope had been pleased to ob- 
serve, Fluellin is speaking of the English campboys, 
that had been killed most barbarously by the ch 
runaways (as both Hall and Holinshed record it), 
and that therefore the King had ordered every sol- 
dier to cut his prisoner’s throat. 

But I am almost going out of limit, and wearing 
out your patience at once. 

Believe me, dearest Sir, with the most sincere 
zeal and gratitude, your ever affectionate friend and 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


VOL. Il. 2A LETTER 


354 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


; “LETTE R- XXVIII. 
To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Str,  Wyan’s Court, Dec. 27,1729. 

Having no prohibition from you on account of the 
season, I keep regularly on in my task; and am now 
come to Twelfth Night, or, What You Will. 

Whether,this title arose from the time of year 
at which this piece was performed, J cannot say. 

re is no circumstance that I can observe in the 
. Play ‘to, give occasion to this name; nothing either 
to fix it down particularly to Twelfth Night—or to 
leave it so loose and general a aie sail as What 
You Will, 
P. 179. ————. Like the sweet Sourn 
That breaths upon a bank of violets. 

"The old copies read sound. I read, as I find 
Mr. Rowe does likewise, winp. I do not know 
that our Poet any where expresses an opinion of the 
sweetness of the South. He has several passages 
‘which seem evidences to the Ouray 

Tempest; p. 18: 

A Souts-west blow on you, and blister you all o’er! 

Coriolanus, p. 189 : 

All the contagion of the Soura Tight < on you, &c. 

Troilus, p: 350: 

Now the rotten diseases of the Sout, &c. 
P..186. ~_—-— And yet I will not compare with an 
OLD MAN 

I do not know what Sir Andrew is at here: I had 

marked in my book 4 NoBLEMAN; sed heret aqua., 


P, 192. One draught above HEAT makes him a fool. 
What does the Clown mean, by a taught above 
heat)? 
P. 194, Are as SECRET as MAIDEN-HEAD; to yourears, 
Divinity ; to any others, Prophanation. " 
e 


-STHEOBALD' AND “WARBURTON, | 355 


'» "Phe context seems rather to persuade, | 
———++— as SACRED as MAID-HOOD. + 

And this afterwards, p..219, Olivia swears by, 
By Matw-Hoop, honour,..&c... . 

Ibid. Such a one I was THIS PRESENT. hind} 

Is not this an odd expression? reed 

P. 195. — To the reverberate hills, | 

Tam afraid, our Poet may sometimes use the pas- 
sive participle for the active; but should it not be— 
reverberant ? 4 { 

_P, 201. By my troth, the fool has an excellent)BrEasT, 

I have been advised, as the discourse runs on the 
Fool's singing, that this should be, sreatH: because 
it is said in the yery next line, 

“And so sweet a BREATH to sing ; 
and in the.very next page, 
A mellifluous voIcE—a contagious BREATH. 

But I think the text is not to be disturbed. 

‘T have no doubt but it was the phrase for what we 
now call, good lungs, a good power of holding out 
in singing. «© ‘ 

So in Ben Jonson’s Masque of Metamorphized 
Gipsies, p. 407: 

« An excellent song, and a sweet songster, and would 
have done rarely in a cage with a dish of water and 

' hemp-seed ; fine Breast of his own. 

And in a Spanish Vocabulary, printed in Queen 
Elizabeth’s time, this phrase, Aguel tiene linda 
boz, (i. e. he has a fine voice) is Englished—he has 
a GOOD BREAST. 

“Ibid. I sent thee sixpence for thy Lemon, hadst it? 

But the Clown neither belonged to the cellar, nor — 
pe I read Leman, 7. ¢. to treat thy mistress. 

io, in 2 Henry IV. p. 363: 
And drink unto the LEMAN mine, &c. 
© P) 265! Usstdid’and skittish in all moTIons else. 
| Annon potids, Notions? 
m P. 210. The lady of the stracuy martied the yeoman 
- 9) of the wardrobe. x 


_ PORN SHOe 2a2 Is 


356 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Is any certain piece of family-history. pointed at 
here? Ifthere be, I am at a loss for it. 
P. ui... Though our silence be drawn from us with 
: “CARES, yet peace. 
Quid sibi vult, nescio. 
P. 211. What employment have we here ? 
I should think, imPLEMENT. 


P. 217. But wise men’s folly fall’n, quite taints their 
y wit. 
I read and point thus: 
But wise men, folly-fall’n, quite taint their wit. 


Ibid. Sir Tob, Save you, gentleman, | Sir And. 

7 Vio. And you, Sir. 
Sir And. Dieu vous guarde, M. | Sir Tob. 
Vio. Et vous aussi, 
Sir, And. I hope, Sir, Sir Tob. 
[Sir Tob.] Will you encounter? Dele. 

I suspect, these speeches should rather be regu- 
lated as above. Is there any probability that Sir An- 
drew should speak French, who did not in the first 
Act know the English of pourquoy ? 


Pe P18. —_—_—___——— I did send, 
After the last enchantment you did hear, 
A ring in chase of you. 
Unless this be wrong pointed, I do not understand 
it at all: 


I did send, 
After the last enchantment, you did hear, 
A ring in chase of you. 


P. 221. Look, where the youngest wren of MINE comes, 
I think, it should be nrve. 


P, 222, 3. I caw no other answer make but thanks, 
And thanks : and ever-oft good turns 
Are shuffled off, &c, 

The second line, you observe, is too short by a 
whole foot; and then, who ever heard of this goodly 
double adverb, ever-oft? In the signification it 
must carry, is it not full as improper as always- 

sometimes ? 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 357 


sometimes ? 1 conjecture the passage should be thus 
restored : 
And thanks, and ever thanks: and oft good turns, &c. 

In Cymbeline, p. 15, we meet an expression not 
very unlike to this: 

Since when I have been debtor to you for cour- 
tesies, which I will be EvgR to pay, and yet PAY 
STILL, 

P. 224. I have sent after him ; HE SAYS HE ’LL come. 

Who did he say so to? or from whom could my 
Lady have any such intelligence? Her servant, em- 
ployed upon this errand, was not yet returned; and, 
when he does come, he brings word, p. 225, that he 
could hardly entreat him back. 1 am uaded 
she was intended to be in suspense, and deliberating 
with herself: and would therefore read, 

Say, HE WILL come ; how shall I feast him, &c, 

And before, at p. 187 : 

Say, I do speak with her, my Lord, what then? 

And so, Taming of the Shrew, p. 35: 

Say that she rail, why then I'll tell her plain, &c, 

P. 236. I prethee foolish GREEK depart from: me. 

Why, foolish Greek ? 1 know, it was a common 
expression, as merry as a Greek : but Sebastian here 
is not in drollery, but 4 sober and reserved with 
the Clown. I suspect it should rather be, 

I prethee, foolish Gecx : 

i, e. gull, buffoon. So, p. 253: 

And made the most notorious GECK, or gull. 

P. 239. What is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning 

WILD-FOWL? 

I do not know whether it is reasonable to call our 
Poet's fools and clowns to any account? But should 
not the question have been—concerning THE souL? 

So a little lower: 

Ibid, And fear to kill a woodcock, least thou dispossess 

the House of thy grandam, 

Annon rectitis, souL? 


P, 246, 


355. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 246, Like to th’ Egyptian thief, at point of: deathy 
Kill what I love ? 

I do not know whether I was ever acquainted with 
this story,, but I am sure I cannot now recollect it. 

P. 248. But he’s the very devil INCARNATE. 

Our Editor spoils alow joke from a foolish Knight; 
for the old folios read, 1NCARDINATE. 

P. 250, —— by whose gentle help I was PRESERV’D 

4° .to serve this noble Duke, * 

Rs mak no question. but this should be, 
I was PREFER’D to serve, ke. 

~ For the first ‘time she and the Captain apps 
the Stage, this is the argument of part of their ii: 
course. See p.182: 
~~ Tl serve this duke, thou shalt present me, &e. 


y 


“And now .\F-have ‘doné with 'this trifling Play: 
The next will furnish a little'‘ more work, and a little 
more deserves our employment, The Wi inter's Tale. 

T must get the old Tale of Dorastus and Faunia, to 
examine what absurdities of his story the Poet has 
derived from thence, and what others app from 
his own fund. 


» P. 260. Yet, good HEED, Leontes. > | ood 

The first folio reads much betters 

Yet (good peEp) Leontes;. 15. 
i. e. in good faith, verily. i 

P. 261. Th’ imposition clear’d heredivany 0 ours, 

This, I presume, means—setting aside. original! 
sin, and the penalty denounced against the aint and 
fourth generation, on the ancestor's transgressing:; 

P. 263. Thou want’st a rough PASH.” 

This word I neither know, nor ean find: 
Ibid. Communicat’st with diene how can this be” 
With what ’s unreal? thou coactive ap » 
And fellow’st nothing. 

I point this, differently ;, 
how can this.be? 

With what ’s unreal thon-coactive art, &ex 


Ibid, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 859 


» Ibid. Are you mov’d, my Lord? 
The versification, if not the sense, requires, 
Are you Nor mov’d, my lord? 
P. 266, But that his negligence, ‘his folly, fear, 
Amongst the infinite doings of the world, 
Sometime puts forth in your affairs, my lord. 

Most accurate pointing this, and fine nonsense the 
result of it! 

I doubt not but you have distinguished it thus: 

Sometime puts forth. In your affairs, my lord, 

P. 268. Why he that wears her like HER medal. 

- Annon, wis? 
Ibid. I have lov'd thee. 

Leo. Make that thy question, and go rot. 

This is a strange instance of disrespect and inso- 
lence in Camillo to his King and master, to tell him 
that he has once lov'd him. But I will venture to 
acquit our Poet of such an impropriety. I read, 

Leo. I’ve lov’d thee,—Make ’t ‘thy question, 
and go rot. 
i.e. the King, provoked that Camillo will not come 
in to his suspicions, cries : 
“ Look you, I have lov’d you; but if you make a 
question of my wife’s disloyalty, [I hate you, and] 
go rot, &c. 
P. 271. Swear nis thought over by each, &e. 
Sure, this should be either, 
Swear TuIs thought over, &c. 
Or rather, 
Swear this THOUGH over, &e. 
P. 277. I have three daughters ; the eldest is eleven ; 
Thesecond, and the third, nine; and sons five. 

The second folio Edition led both Mr. Rowe and 
Mr. Pope, without thought, into this absurd read- 
ing. What! was it the law in Sicily, that three 
daughters should be coheirs with five sons? 

. But the first folio comes in to our assistance, if we 
only correct the pointing : 
The second, and the third, nine, and some five ; 
2, 


360 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


i.e. the second daughter nine years old, and the 
third about some five years old. : 
P. 278. Lord. I had rather you did lack, than I, my 
lord, ; 
Upon this ground; and more it would cqn- 
tent me 
To have your honour true. 
This speech, I think, should be placed to Antigo- 
nus ; and we ought to read—ner Honour. 
P. 283. And would by combat make her good so, were I 
A man. 
A small misprision in the pointing, and yery ea- 
sily to be rectified : 
And would by combat make her good, so were I 
Aman, &c. 
P. 286. With Lady Margery, your MipwirE there. 
Why midwife? Does the King mean to reflect 
on Antigonus’s wife, as if she would be a party-bawd, 
to conceal the adultery, and save the child? 
P. 287. So sure as THIS beard ’s grey. i. 
I suspect, we ought to read, 
So sure as HIs beard ’s grey. 
i. e, Antigonus’s; for the King cannot mean his own, 
It is very plain, from the first Scene of this Act, the 
Prince was a very young boy: and, p- 263, the King | 
says that looking upon the child, he was moved to 
throw off 23 years in thought, and fancy himself 
just such a stripling; so that, allowing the child to 
be eight years old, the father could be but 31. . How 
old Antigonus might be, can scarce be determined 
neither with certainty. Indeed, p. 299, the Shep- 
herd says, Would I had been by to haye helped the 
OLD man: but how he knew him to be old, I cannot 
tell. Again, Paulina, p. 349, calls herself an old tur- 
tle; but that might be with regard to having lost 
her husband 16 years. 
This, dear Sir, was begun and intended for the 
post on Thursday last; but friends, like Philistines, 
¢ame upon me, and marred my purposes 


I have 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 361 


T have your agreeable one of the 22d instant, and 
am wrapped up with your curious explanation of 
the thin man in the censer. 

I have only time now to confess myself, dear Sir, 
your most affectionate and faithful humble servant, 

Lew. THEopap. 


LETTER, XXIx. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 29, 1729. 
To proceed without stop upon the Winter's Tale, 
ie it is followed by a Play wholly made up of 
arms. 


P. 288. Act III. Sc. 1.—I have more than one 
reason why I think this ought rather to be the last 
Scene of the second Act. We find, at the latter end 
of p. 287, that Cleomines and Dion are.arrived from 
Delphos; but at the middle of p. 289 they are not 

et arrived to Court, but want fresh horses for their 
ast stage: and yet the very next scene opens with 
the session convened for the Queen’s trial, the de- 
termination of which was to await the answer of the 
oracle. This hurries the action on with somewhat too 
much precipitation ; and, besides, the interval of an 
Act is absolutely necessary, for placing the benches, 
and other formalities, requisite to represent a Court 
of Judicature. 


P. 292, 


re lastly hurried 
Here to this place, i’ th’ open air, before 

T have got strength of Liwzs. AND now— 
The first folio reads, I think, better: 

—_—-—— before 

I have got strength of LiwiIT. Now — 
2. e. strength enough for coming abroad, 

P. 295, That thou betray’d’st Polixenes, twas nothing, 
That did but shew thee, of a FOOL, inconstant, 
And damnable ingratefal : —— 

I read: 


362 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


» Dread: t 
-———— ’twas nothing, 

That did but shew thee of a SOUL inconstapt, 
And 


Ibid. ———_——— But, 0, thou tyrant! 
Dost not repent these things, for they are heavier 
Tham all thy woes can stir? therefore betake thee 
To nothing but despair. 
Thus the first folio edition rectifies this absurd 
passage : : . ‘ 
———————— But, 0, thou tyrant! 
Do ot repent these things, for they are beayier 
Than all thy woes can stir: elie ok 
It is evident, Paulina is discouraging him from 
repentance, on the supposition of his crimes being 
too heinous to be forgiven, oan 


P. 298, Blossom, speed thee well, 
There lye, and there thy CHARACTER: — 
I do not know what is here meant by character. 
Gold, and a mantle, and a metal, are left with the 
baby ; but no other notices of her birth, or whose 
issue she was. 


P. 299. Sheph. Would I had been by to have help’d 

the OLD man. 

Clown: 1 woutp you had been by the ship- 
side, to have help’d her, ¢here your charily 
would have lack’ d footing. 

I am afraid, here are two false readings in two 
ines. How came the Shepherd, who did not see 
Antigonus, know him to be an o/d man? 

His son, a little higher, acquaints us hie was a No- 
BLEMAN; and therefore I suspect we should read, 
to have help’d the NOBLEMAN. 

But what? Does this ungracious Clown wish his 
father to have been by the ship-side to have been 
drowned? I suspect here we should read, 

I WoULD Nor you had been, &c. 


P,.300. You’re a MAD old man — 


I cannot but think, upon the Clown’s.opening the 
: ] fardel, 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 363. 


fardel, and discovering the wealth of it, he should 
say to his father, 
You are a MADE man — 
So, Midsammer Night’s Dream, p. 125: 
: We had all been MADE men. 
And so, Twelfth Night, p. 213: 
Go to, thou art MADE, if thou desirest to be so. 


_ P. 304, Being, as Iam, littered under Mercury, was 

. likewise a Snapper-up of unconsidered trifles. 

As the Poet here seems to be precise in the astro- 

logical influences of a nativity, so, I dare say, he is 

equally exact to what the books say of one born un- 

der Ursa Major, in Lear, p. 366; of which I can 
find nothing in Manilius, nor Sealiger upon him. 


Tbid. T cannot do it without comprers. 

Do you think, dear Sir, it will be necessary, upon 
any one of the Plays, to subjoin an explanation of 
the old way of reckoning called counter-casting ; 
which I find is still used in some of the Colleges? 


P. 305. TP th’ name of me——~ 

I suspect, “ I’ th’ name of the 

The Clown, hearing Autolicus groan, begins. to 
be afraid; and apprehending a.spirit, according to 
the old superstition, falls to = the Trinity. 


P. 307, Let me be unrori’p, and my name put into 
the Book of Virtue. 
What does he mean by unrolled? His name 
taken out of the Register of Iniquity ? 


Ibid. —————————— I should blush 
To see you so attired; sworn I think 
To sHEW myself 4 glass. 
_ Town I cannot understand this. I venture to read, 
swoon, I think, 
To see myself P TH’ glass. 
7. e. she should blush to see the Prince so obscured; 
and swoon, to see.herself so pranked up. 
P. 309. €ome on, g 
© And bid us welcome to the sheep-shearing. 
. ; I think 


” 


364 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I think, verily, Polixenes ought to speak this td 
Perdita. [ 
* P. 312, 17ll swear for ’xM. acre lise 
Should not Perdita say, “I'll swear for ove?” 
meaning herself. 


P. 313. with such delicate burthenuof Sy... 

‘ and FAPINGS, ; 
Why, in the name of nonsense, fapings? 1 
read, ..... and r4-piNés; certainly the burthens 


of some songs of those times. Of the latter term 
} can give some little account. It was, I presume; 
the burthen of some so prevailing a ditty, that a 
dance was composed to the tune. 
Of this dance Beaumont and Fletcher make men- 
tion in the Knight of the Burning Pestle, p. 2314 
' (a piece, like the Rehearsal, made to banter the 
lays of those times) : 

George, I will have him dance FADING; FADING 
is a fine jig, I’ll assure you, Gentlemen. Begin, 
brother, now a’ capers, sweet-heart, now a turn 
©’ th’ toe, and then tumble! 


P. 316. Master, there are three CARTERS, three shep- 
: herds, three neatherds, and three swine- 
herds, &e. ‘ 

Now, in the next page, these are called four- 
threes of herdsmen. But could the carrers be 
called herdsmen? At least they have not the final 
syllable, herd, to their names; which, I believe, 
Shakespeare intended all the four three's should 
have. ; 

I have, therefore, guessed it should be, 

Master, there are three GOAT-HERDS, three, &c. » 

And so, I think, we take in the four species of 
cattle, usually tended by herdsmen. 

P. 320. Suep. O, my heart ! 

As the King is, both in the preceding and subse- 
quent speeches, rating Perdita, I think verily this 
Kittle distressful exclamation ought to be placed og 

: T. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 365 


her. Besides, from what follows, it should seem 
that the old Shepherd was perfectly thunderstruck, 
or struck all of a heap, as the vulgar say, which 
Camillo perceiving, says to him, : 
Why, how now, father? spEAK ere thou dyest, 
P. 322. And most opportune to HER need. 
I read our; for the Prince had: equal occasion 
for the ship. 7 


P. 324. The which shall point you forth at ev’ry siITTING 
What you must sa 

But, perhaps, if the King had asked his questions 
standing, these directions of Camillo might not have 
been of equal service——Dr. Thirlby proposes, sirr- 
inc: I read, Firtine; 7%. e, such answers as are fit- 
ting and necessary to the questions, as started. 

P. 325. The mepicine of our house. 

Tread again, MEDECIN, as in All's Well that Ends 
Well, p. 108. [See p. 343.] 

P..329, and they often give'us soldiers the lie, 

j but we pay them for it with s‘amped coin, 
Nor stabbing steel, therefore they don’t give 
° us the lie. 

Is not this mock-reasoning? Ido not think the 
conundrum betwixt paying and not giving, is all 
the Poet’s meaning here. He certainly intended to 
say, in the character of Autolicus (who has taken it 
in his head to assume the soldier), how dangerous it 
was to give soldiers the lie, 

So in Othello, p. 385: 

Desd. Do you know, sirrah, where Lieutenant Cassio 
©. lies? 

‘Clown. 1 dare not say he les any where. : 

Desd. Why, man? 

. He’s a soldier: and for me to say a SOLDIER 
LIES, ’tis STABBING. 
What, therefore, if we should read in the passage 
ONE US) i oo 
But we pay them for it in stamped coin, NoTE- 
STABBING steel, Kc. ~ 1 
2 i, e. 


366 ILLUSTRATIONS (OF LITERATURE. 


a. e. wound-impressing; and then stamped coin has 
a regard both to the wound given, and to the — 
ang with the foot in making a pass. 
‘ P. 331. I will but Look upon the hedge, wed felled 

; you. Pt 

We have guessed LEAKE. 
, SoiHenry IV. p.197: 
Why, they will allow us ne’er a jourden, and then 

we leake in the chimney. 

P.332. Destroy’d the sweet’st companion that e’er man 

Bred his hopes out of, TRUE. ’ ; 
Pau. Too true, my Lord. 
a read thus: : athe satan 
: hopes out of. Megs + sil 
\ Pau. True, too true, niy Lord. 

P. 333. I think so. Kill’d? 

She Z| kilP'd? Z| did so, | but thow | striks’t me, 

' Where are the Editor’s ears? As the emphasis 
in English hexameters, or pentameters (which we 
shall call them), always falls upon every second syl- 
lable to the end: of the verse, pray, dear Sir, do 
but sound this line; and how every foot halts and 
jars! But we with great ease may restore it hoa nu- 
merousness. 


ee —— I think so. Kill'd ? 4 
Kiiu'p?—She I kill’d ?—I did so; but thou strik’st me. 


P. 334, —-———__—— and on this stage, — 
(Where we OFFENDERS now appear) soul- ese 
And begin, Why to me? 
Sure, a verb is wanting here to compleat the sense. 
And on this stage soul-vext, and, begin — 
I suspect there should be a slight alteration in the 
text; and another in the pointing of it. I have read, 
—— and on this stage 
(Where we OFFEND HER now) appear soul-vext, 
And begin, Why to me — 
P. 346. My Lord, your sorrow was'too sore laid on, _ 
Which sixteen winters cannot blow away, 
So many summers dry scarce any jo 
Did ever, &c. * y Jey 


‘The 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. ‘387 


The pointing in the first. folio might have in- 
structed Mr. Pope'to have made clear sense of this 
passage : t 
: So many summers dry: scarce any, &c. 

And now, dear Sir, I have finished with this Play; 
and come to thank you for the pleasure of your ex- 
cursion on Anthony, and most happy emendation of 
Mab’s office in Romeo and Juliet. 

As I have a little paper left, you will give me 
leave to inform you in what a different sense I have 
always took one passage in Anthony, which you 
have attempted to amend. Your emendation { need 
not repeat ; only give you my own comment: 

O Anthony ! — Nay, I will take thee too. —What 
should I stay — 

After this short exclamation on Anthony, think- 
ing her death slow, and fearing least the aspick she 
applied to her breast should not be sufficient to dis- 
patch her, she takes up another, and claps it to her 
arm. For confirmation, dear Sir, please to take 
Dolobella’s words at p. 109 : 

Here on ‘her BREAST there is a vent of blood, and 
something blown, the LIKE is on her’aRM. 

But, dear Sir, as you have made one so fine emen- 
dation on Romeo, p. 131, please to turn the leaves, 
and observe this line: ‘ 

_ Sometimes she gallops o’er a LAWYER’S nose. 

But five lines higher he has mentioned her pro- 
Fase over Lawyer's fingers: and I am sure the 

‘oet’s fancy was not so barren to descend to such a 
needless iteration. I have guessed, 
o’er a TAYLOR’S nose. 

The word suit, you know, is as applicable to 
cloaths, as to'a process at Law, or petition at. Court. 
But then the objection which I have started to my- 
self is whether the Taylor be considerable enough 
to be mixed with the other characters, as Lovers, 
Courtiers, Lawyers, Ladies, Parsons, and Soldiers. 
I commit it to your sagacity. 


I will 


368 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I will continue, for the future, to number my 
Letters, as you advise; a rule not a little necessary, 
as we cannot possibly have leisure for copying. 

Iam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and faith- 
ful, friend and servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Dec. 30, 1729. 
Your most kind diligence in my service prompts 
me with the greatest pleasure to double my corre- 
spondence this post; and to second my enquiries on 
the Winter's Tale, with as many as my paper will 
admit of on Lear. 


P..353. 


for qualities are so weighed. 


* The old quarto, 1608, reads lities. Either 
‘may do; and I am at a loss which to prefer. 


P. 354. some year elder than this; who yet is no 
dearer in my account, though this knave came some- 
what sawcily to the world before he was sent for; 
yet was his mother fair, there was — 

Thus, certainly, the pointing of this passage ought 

to be regulated : 
some year elder than this; who yet is no 
dearer in my account: though, &c. before he 
was sent for, yet was his mother fair; &c. 
Ibid. and ’tis our intent, 
The old quarto reads, 
and ’tis our FIRST intent. 

Mr. Pope threw out the epithet with too curious 
a regard to the measure, I suppose; and not consi- 
dering that kingdom, in the praerens. might be 
resolved into one syllable. read, 

In three our kingdo’m; and ’tis our FasT intent; 

i.e. our fixed, constant, resolution. 


P. 357. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 369 


P. 357, Make with you by due turns: only retain 
The name aNp all th’ addition to a King: 
The sway, revenue, execution, 
Beloved sons, be yours ; 
I think the Editors a little mistake our Poet's 
meaning ; besides all the oldest copies have a read- 
ing in t e third line, which is quite sunk upon us: 
The sway, revenue, execution OF THE REST. 
I read the whole, and point it thus: 
Make with you by due turns, only retain 
The name; Bur all th’ addition to a King, 
The sway, revenue, execution, OFFICE, 
Beloved sons, &c. 


P. 359. Cor. Here’s France and Burgundy, my no- 

ble Lord. 

Though several of the old copies ‘most absurdl 
place this line to Cordelia, we must restore it, wit 
the oldest quarto, to Gloucester, who, p. 354, was 
sent by the King to attend France and Burgundy. 


Ibid. Or all of it with our displeasure PIERC’D, 

All the old copies concur in prec’p ; é. e. with my 
displeasure annext, to boot. 

‘So again, p. 412: 
~ Iwill Prece out the comfort with what addition I can ; 
et pluries alibi. It seems a favourite term with our 
‘Poet; which makes me almost fear that, though your 
emendation on the 21st page of Anthony much 
ennobles the metaphor, yet it may give a stronger 
image than the Poet dreamt of. 


P. 360, ——-—— Sure th’ offence 
Must be of such unnatural degree, 
AS MONSTROUS IS; or your forevoucht affection 
Coutp nor fall into taint; 
Thus the old copies : 
Sure HER offence 
Must be of such unnatural degree, 
THAT MONSTERS IT: or your forevoucht affection 
Fall into taint, 
VOL, II. 2B I read, 


$70 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I read, ; 
So many folds of favour! Sure her offence 
Must be of such unnatural degree, 

That monsters it; ERE your forevoucht affection 
Fall into taint : 

Monsters it; i.e. that makes a prodigy of it. 

So Coriolanus, p. 211: 

than idly sit 

To hear my nothings MONSTER’D. 
P. 360. Since that respect and fortunes are his love— 
I have formerly corrected, 
Since that respects of fortune, &c. 
This reading, I find since, is justified by the first 
old quarto. 
And see what France says a little higher : 
Love is not love when it is mingled with rEGarDs, &e. 
P. $61. 


I know what you are, 
And like.a sister am most loth to call 
Your faults as they are named. ——_. 
The sense of the second line may be cleared also 
a little, both by this pointing, 
———— I know what you are; 
And, like a sister, am, &e. 
And by this quotation from As you Like it, p. 311: 
I speak but brotherly of him, but should I ana- 
tomize him to thee as he is, &e. , 
Ibid. And well are worth the waNnT that you have 
wanted. 
The old quarto reads, worrH. Either of them 
is equally obscure to me. 
P. 362, Pray you let us siT together. 
The old quarto, sure, better, 
Pray you let us HI together ; 
i.e. as afterwards, p. 368 : 
I'll write strait to my sister 40 hold my course. 
P. 364. This policy and reverence of acEs 
Read, ace; i.e. of old age. 
P. 365. He cannot be such a monster. Edmund, seek 
him out. 
The 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON; + 371 


The old quarto has something more heré, that 
was curtailed, I doubt not, by the wisdom of the 
Players: the doing of which, in my opinion, much 
weakens the hypocrisy, and dissembled candour, of 
the Bastard. 

Glou. He cannot be such a monster. 
Bast. Nor is not, sure. 
Glou. To his father, that so tenderly and entirely 
loves him: heaven and.earth! Edmund, seek, &c. 
P. 366. under Ursa Major, so that it follows I am 
rough and LEACHEROUS. . 

I have suspected, you know, TREACHEROUS. But 
what your Nativity-casters say upon the subject I 
do not know well how to trace. 

P. 368. Whose mind and mine I know in that are one. 

Remember what I have said. — 

I will venture to restore a few lines here from the 
old quarto, that; I presume, the world will not be 
angry with me for. The thought of them is natu- 
ral and fine, and they have the very stamp of our 
Author impressed on them, to speak them genuine; 
and also . not a little heighten the baseness of 
Goneril’s disposition : 

Whose mind and mine, I know, in that are one, 
Not to be over-rul’d; Idle old man, 
That still would manage those authorities 
That he hath giv’n away! Now, by my life, 
Old fools are babes again; and must be us’d ; 
With checks, as flatt’ries when they are seen ABUS’D, 
Remember, &c. 

What a Collator must our Editor be, or what a 


-wrong-headed judge ! 


I read, abuses, or ¢ abuse us; and then all is right. 

Ibid. And can my speech disuse. 

All the old copies, defuse; i.e. so spread, and 
disguised, as not to be known by it. 

The word recurs again, in the Merry Wives of 
Windsor, p. 278: 

’ With some diffused song. 

2B2 And 


$72. ; ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And Henry V. ‘p. 467: 
st Stern looks, diffus’d attire, &c. 
And Richard III. p. 298: 
Vouchsafe, difus'd infection of a man, &c. 
P. 372. Nothing can be made out of nothing. 


Was this at all the philosophy of Shakespeare’s 
times, or had he not this thesis of Lucretius in his 
“mind? book I. 15: “ 
NULLAM REM € NIHILO GIGNI diyinitds unquam. 
Or this, v. 156: 
NIHIL POSSE CREARI DE NIHILO. 

But, dear Sir, if he did not borrow the thought 
immediately from our Roman Philosopher, I think, 
I can point out two other lines that must be said to 
be translated from him. Hamlet, p. 232: 

There are more things in HEAV’N AND EARTH, Horatio, 

Than are dreamt of in your PHILOSOPHY. 

Quippe ita formido mortales continet omnes, 
Quod multa in terris fieri, celoque tuentur, 
Quorum operum causas nulld ratione videre 
Possunt. Lucr, lib. I. 152, &e. 
Tbid. Fool. Dost thou know the difference, my boy, 
betwixt a bitter fool and a sweet one? 
Lear, No, lad; teach me. 
Fool. Nuncle, give me an egg, &c. 

The Fool, instead of teaching the King as he de- 
sired, goes on to other matter.. But I can restore 
you the Fool’s definition from the old quarto, which 
is both humourous and satirical enough. 

Lear, No, lad; teach me. 

Fool, That lord that counsel’d thee to give away thy 

land, 

Come, place him here by me; do thou for him 
stand ; . 

The sweet and bitter Fool will presently appear ; 

The one in motley here, the other found out 
there. 

Lear. Dost thou call me fool, boy? 


The King has reason here to charge his Jester with 
calling 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 373 


calling him Fool; but, pray, without these lines, is 
there any shadow for such a charge ? 

P. 381. He’s coming hither now i’ th’ night, haste. 

Both the old quarto and first folio cure the halt- 
ing of this line : 
now i’ th’ night, 1’ Tu’ haste. 

P. 382. My worthy arcu and patron. 

Is this word ever used substantively in this signi- 
fication? Or should not we transpose, 

My worthy aNnp ARcH-patron? 

Ibid. I ‘le make a sop o’ th’ moonshine of you — 

I do not at all conceive the meaning of this phrase, 
Considering Kent calls him glass-gaxing, superfi- 
nical rogue, and neat slaye, I have some suspicion 
it should be, . 

1’ll make a Fop o’ th’ moonshine of you. 

P. 386. Like rats, oft bite those cords in twain, &c. 

I question much whether the degraded lines here, 
which are from the first folio, do not deserve a thought 
or two for an emendation. 

Remember Anthony, p. 107: 

Come, mortal wretch, 
With thy sharp teeth this knot inrRINSICATE 
Of life at once untie. 


P. 390. Blanket my loins, put all my hair in knots. 
. This is a modern sophistication of the text; the 
old quarto reads ELSE; but the first folio, rightly, 
’ Exrz all my haires in knots. 
Romeo and Juliet, p. 132: 
And cakes the ELre-locks in foul sluttish haires. 
P. 395. Do you but mark how this becomes the HOUSE? 
Should not this rather be, the usE? i. e. the rule 
and custom of Nature. 
See Tempest, p. 67: 
But oh! how oddly will it sound, that I should 
ask my child forgiveness? 
And Coriolanus, p. 270: 
I kneel before thee; and uNPROPERLY 
Shew duty as MisTAKEN all the while 
Between the CHILD and PARENT. 


374 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


' P. 395. Look’d BLacK upon me—— ul 
I do not well: understand this expression, I have 
suspected, 
if Look’d BLANK upon me ; : 
i, e. as above, p. 391: 
Gave me COLD LOOKS. 
And see Hamlet, p. 266: 
Each opposite that BLaNKs the face of joy. 


Ibid. Thy tender-HEARTED nature. 

This is a modern reading. The old quarto reads, 
tender-HESTED; but the first folio, rightly, tender- 
HEFTED; 7. e. thy bosom is HEAVED with tender 
sentiments, 

Winter's Tale, p. 282: 

’Tis such as you, 
That creep like shadows by him, and do sig’ 
At each his needless HEAVINGS. ) 


P. 409. False of heart, light of ear. 

I donot clearly apprehend what he means by 
light of ear. Is it credulous of slanders, or reports 
to any one’s disadvantage? 


Ibid. SwirHoxp footed twice the OLD. 

It might puzzle Mr. Pope, perhaps, if one were 
either to ask him who this Swithold is, or what is 
the meaning of that choice phrase, footing the old. 

I read, 

S. WirHoLp footed thrice the WOLD. 

We hear of this Saint Withold in another of our 
Author's pieces, The Troublesome Reign of KingJohn: 
Sweet, S. WirHoLD, of thy lenity, &c. 

And for wold, Skinner expounds it to us, “ Locus 
sylve expers, montes vel colles,” &c. 

At tandém manum de tabula. Another (marked 
No. 1.) attends you this post, dearest Sir, from 
your most affectionate and faithful friend and ser- 
vant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 875 


LETTER XXXI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan’s Court, Jan. 1, 1729-30. 

I have the pleasure of yours (No. 2.) of the 27th 
of December; and now hasten to give you the re- 
mainder of my observations and enquiries on Lear. 

P. 410. -—— with this same learned Theban. 

In the next page the King calls him Athenian; 
but, as his wits are unsettled, to reconcile this varia- 
tion perhaps were impertinent, if not ridiculous. 

P. 411. How, my Lord! I may be censured. 

This chimerical: admiration has not the least 
countenance from the old books, and quite subverts 
the Bastard’s reflection. We must restore, 

How, my Lord, I may be censured. 

P, 412. Here is better than the open air; take it 

thankfully. 

For Gloucester to desire Kent that he would take 
his favours thankfully, is not without suspicion to 
me; since they were principally conferred on the 
King his master, and reached his train only conse- 
quentially. 

P. 413. For he’s a yeoman that sees his son a gentle- 

man before him. 

The first folio adds, necessarily, 

For he’s a MAD yeoman, &c. 

Ibid. Most learned Justice. 

Tread, to complete the verse, Justicer. 

Ibid. Now, ye she-foxes. 

. You see Mr. Pope’s note here at bottom; notwith- 
standing which, I will quote several speeches in the 
mad way from the first quarto, of which he takes 
not the least notice. 

Immediately after these words follows : 

£dg. Look where he stands and glares. 
Want’st thou eyes at trial, Madam? 
Come, o’er the broom, Bessy, to me. 


- 


Fool. 


376 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Fool. Her boat hath a leak, 

And she mast not speak. 

Why she dares not come over to thee. 
£dg. The foul fiend haunts, &c. 


P. 413. after—I have no food for thee;— the 
quarto adds, 
Kent. How do you, Sir? Stand you not so amaz’d: 
Will you lie down, and rest upon the cushions? 


Ibid. after — sit you too— the quarto adds, 

Edg. Let us deal justly; sleepest, or wak’st, thou 
jolly shepherd?) Thy sheep be in the corn; and 
for one blast of thy minikin mouth, thy sheep shall 
take no harm. Pur the cat is grey. 

Ibid, after —arraign her first, ’tis Goneril— the 

quarto adds, 
I here take my oath before this honourable as- 
sembly, she kicked the poor King her father. 

(Whether these insertions are any advantage to 

the Scene, is not the question: but what dictatorial 
authority has our Editor to produce only some, and 
stifle others ?) 


Ibid. after—I took you for a joint-stool—the 
quarto adds two verses to the King’s speech, in my 
tnind truly fine and necessary : 

Lear. And here’s another, whose warpt * looks pro- 

claim me 

What store ft her heart is made on.—Stop her there; 

Arms, arms, &c. ; 

Now, dear Sir, I will venture to restore to you a 
long and notable passage (exiled by this most indo- 
lent Editor), that I believe you will own breathes 
all the spirit of Shakespeare. 
~, What can Mr. Pope-mean by pretending to put 
the old quarto in his list of collated editions, and 
yet make these unsufferable slips ? , 

P. 414. |. ult. after — Give thee quick conduct. — 

Kent. —— Oppressed Nature sleeps : 


* For such a warped slip of wilderness 
Ne’er issued from his blood, Measure For Measure. 
+ I think, sronz, 
This 


Glou. 
Big. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 377 


This rest might yet have balm’d thy broken 
SINEWES, [I think sEensgs.] 

Which, if convenience will not allow, 

Stand in hard cure. Come, help to bear thy 


master ; [To the field, I doubt not.j 
Thou must not stay behind, ; 
Come, come away. [2rit. 


When we our betters see bearing our woes, 
We scarcely think our miseries our foes. 
Who alone suffers, SUFFERS * most i’ th’ mind, 
Leaving free things and happy shows behind : 
Butthen the mind much suff’ rance does o’erskip, 
When grief hath mates, and bearing fellowship. 
How light and portable my pain seems now, 
When that, which makes me bend, makes the 
King bow! 
He childed, as [ father’d. —Tom, away; 
Mark the high noises, and then thyself bewray, 


When false opinion, whose wrong thought defiles 


thee, 
In thy just proof repeals and reconciles thee. 
What will hap more to-night, safe ’scape the 
King! 


Now, dear Sir, are not all these reflections vastl 
fine, and vastly in character for Edgar, compared tt 
those he makes at the beginning of the Fourth Act. 


As you encouraged me in one plagiary, with 
which I acquainted you ina former, I will not dis- 
miss this passage without troubling you with another 
sentiment in my Orestes (the ground of which I 
borrowed from the two lines marked by italic) ; 
which I have been arrogant enough to fancy a little 
Shakespearesque. 
*Tis plain, the Gods are factious on the side 
Of Iphigenia, and her princely brother. 
Their suff’ rings have been great: and oft ’tis found, 
There is a secret merit in distress, 

hat, at a.season, reconciles the world, 
And draws opinion to befriend its cause. 


* In this re-duplication I question not your concurrence. 


P. 418. 


378 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


© °P. 418. after, 
is Give me your arm — [Exeunt. 
the quarto adds a few short speeches ; which serve 
both to heighten the compassion on Gloucester, and 
the abhorrence against Goneril. 
1st Serv. 1°ll never care what wickedness I do, 
If this man come to good. 
2d Serv. If she live long, 
And in the end meet the old course of death, 
Women will all turn monsters, 
ist Serv. Let’s follow the old Earl, and get the bedlam 
To lead him where he would: his roguish 
madness 
Allows itself to any thing. 
2d Serv. Go thou; I'll fetch some flax, and whites 
of eggs, 
T’ apply t’ his bleeding face. Now, Heaven, 
help him! 
P. 420. Might I but live to see thee in my fouch, 
I'd say, I had eyes again. 
So above, p. 403. 
Such sheets of fire, such bursts of horrid 
thunder, 
Such groans of roaring wind and rain, I never 
Remember to have heard. 
You will readily pardon me, 1 have no doubt, if 
I mention that I remember no such fine boldnesses, 
no such noble ¢translationes sensuum (as the Critics 
term it) inour English Poetry. Among the Greeks 
I have observed many. There is a remarkable one 
in Aschylus. Sept. in Theb. v. 103. KTYIION 
AE’AOPKA, IIA’TALON 8x évtg dopes. 

And how like to my second instance quoted is this 
line in the Hero and Leander of the grammatical 
Muszeus ? 

Nyyopevsy re Adavizov, on5 xa AY XNON ’*AKOYQ. 

Bite Scholiast upon the passage of Aischylus ex- 
pounds d2Sopxa ly these terms, xaravod, toro Sédopxa 
tos T3 NOOY” "OSOAAMOI'S. 

I will not venture to assert peremptorily that our 
Author traded with this note; but his—“ In my 
MIND’s Eye,” in Hamlet, happens to be a literal 
. translation of it. P, 421. 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 379 


P. 421. Poor Tom’s a-cold, I cannot DANCE it farther, 

The first folio reads, I think, better, paus. 

Ibid. Five fiends have been in poor Tom at once. 

The Editor, to shew his exactness in what he here 
borrows from the old quarto, leaves out one of the five 
fiends, and creates another to supply the deficiency. 

I will give you the passage, as { correct it, for 
shortness : 


at once: of LUST, as Obidicut; Hobbididen, 
Prince of Dumbness ; Mahu, of Stealing ; Modo, 
of Murther; and Flibbertigibbet, of Moppine and 
Mowinc ; who since possesses, &c. 
Mops and Mowes, you may remember, are coupled 
in the Tempest, and several other places. 


P. 422. Now, where’s your master? 

Here the Steward’s entrance ought to be marked, 
and not at the opening of the scene ae Goneril 
and Bastard. 


Ibid. My FOOL usurps my BODY, 
The old quarto, 
My Foot usurps my HEAD. 
P, 423. From her MATERIAL sap. 
As, contemns its ORIGIN, are preceding terms; 
should it not be rather, MATERNAL? 


Ibid. In the subsequent passage I restore two 
verses from the old quarto: 

Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile ; 

[Filths savour but themselves: what have you done?] 

Tygers, not daughters, what have you perform’d? 

A father and a gracious aged man, 

[Whose reverence the head-lugg’d bear would lick ;] 

Most barb’rous, &c. 


Ibid. Again, from the old quarto, after — 

from thy suff’ring. That not know’st, — 

Fools do these villains pity, who are punisht 

Ere they have done their mischief *,— Where’s thy 
drum? 


* Something a little wrong here, I fear. 
. France 


380 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


France spreads his banners in our noiseless land ; 
With plumed helm thy slayer begins threats, 
Whilst thou, a moral fool, sit’st still and cry’st, 
Alack! why does he so? 

Are not these every way worthy of our master, 
and most aptly in character? 

P. 423. after — O vain fool ! 

Alb. Thouchang’d and self-converted thing! for shame 

Be-monster not thy feature. Wer’t my fitness, 
To let these hands obey my [ ] blood, 
They ’re apt enough to dislocate and tear 

Thy flesh and bones.—Howe’er thou art a te 
A woman’s shape doth shield thee. 

Gon. Marry, your manhood now! 

P. 425. Gent.—J say she took ’em — 

Annon potiiis,—I1, Str; she—— 

Ibid. The old quarto, after, 

you have seen 
Sunshine and rain at once. [Her smiles and tears 
Were like a better way] those happy SMILETS. 

Corrupt; or I cannot understand them. 

Ibid. Old quarto again, after, 

Cry’d, Sisters! Sisters! [Shame of Ladies! Sisters! 

Kent! Father! Sisters!] What? i? th’ storm? 1 TH 

night? 

P. 426, Again, after, 
from her: heav’nly eyes, 

[And clamour-moisten’d, then away she started 
To deal with grief alone. 
Kent, It is tbe stars, 
The stars above us govern, &c.] 

But,as I have nothing further upon this fineScene, 
it will be proper to dismiss you. There was not a 
necessity of troubling you with these several inser- 
tions; but, as the old quarto is very scarce, and you 
might not have possibly seen them, I thought they 
might be of some entertainment. 

A long and happy train of New-years heartily 
wished to you, conclude me, dearest Sir, your most 
affectionate and obliged friend and humble servant, 

Lew. THEOBALD. 
LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 381 


LETTER XXXII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurrton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan’s Court, Jan. 3, 1729-30. 
I have received the pleasure of yours of the gd of 
December (No. 3); and hasten now to finish with 
Lear, and this volume. 


P. 428. Transport her purposes by word ? 

Nothing but negligence could occasion Mr. Pope’s 
leaving this verse imperfect. 

Both the quarto and folio add, 

——_——_—— By word ?—Belike. ’ 

P. 431. Ten masts aTTacuT make not the altitude. 

I know not, either whence Mr. Pope derived this 
reading, or where he met with the degraded one, 
unless in Mr. Rowe’s Edition. But who, besides 
himself, would make an authority of a modern copy ? 

The old quarto and two first folios concur ina bold 
and clegant expression, in my mind : 
t ‘en masts AT EACH —— 
i.e. each put at the end of the other. 

P. 431. Think that the DEAREST gods. 

The old books again read, ciearest, i. e. as I 
understand it, open and righteous in their dealings : 
and see'Timon, p. 146: 

Roots, you clear heav’ns! 

P. 432. That fellow handles his bow likea cow-KERPER. 

I am afraid (by a note in my “ Shakespeare Re- 
stored,” in which I have certainly blundered,) I be- 
sir “Im Mr. Pope into this mistaken reading. 

he old books give us the genuine reading—a 
CROW-KEEPER, 7. e. a figure set up in fields and gar- 
dens, armed with a bow, to keep the crows and other 
birds of prey from the corn and fruit: a scare-crow. 

And so in Romeo; p. 130: 

Scaring the ladies like a cow-KEEPER, 


—— 


we 


382 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


we must restore CROW-KEEPER : and see Beaumont 
and Fletcher’s Bonduca, p. 2211. 


P. 434, Thou hast seenafarmer’s dog bark at a beggar? 
Clo. Ay, Sir. ; 

Lear. And the creature run from the cur? there thou 

_might’st behold the great image of autho- 

rity: &c. ‘ - 

Thus is this charming piece of satire to be point- 

ed, from the old books. But I have produced it 

likewise upon another account. This figure, and 

method of imaging from absent circumstances, looks 


very like an imitation of the Antients. Minturnus, 


in his most accurate treatise De Poeté, speaking of 
these figures, I remember, subjoins this description 
of them :—Que@ aut imaginem, aut quasi imaginem 
habet, aut collationem, &c. and gives his opinion, 
that they cannot but entertain. 

Plautus has a good deal of this imagery. The 
following passage, to me, has a great resemblance to 
our Author's. Mencech. Act I. Scene 2,-v. 34: 
Men. Dic mihi, NuNquam Tu vipisTI tabulam pictam in 

Pariete, 
Ubi aquila catamitum raperet, aut ubi Venus Ado- 
neum ? 
Pen. Spe. Sed quid iste Picture ad me attinent? 
Men. AGE, ME ASPICE. 

P. 435. The main descry stands on the hourly thought. 

‘What does the Poet mean ?—Every hour we ex- 
pect to have a desery of the main body ? 

P. 437. Oh undistinguish’d space of woman’s wIT ! 

So the old quarto; but the two first folios read 
much better in my opinion, wit. The Poet, I 
think, is rather exclaiming against the licentiousness 
of their appetites, than the reaches of their phot | 
But, sure, is not this undistinguished space muc' 
to be suspected? I can form no satisfactory idea of 
sense from it. 

Does it mean, What a scope, more than we can dis- 
cover, do women give themselves in pursuits of vice! 

Pp. 441. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 383 


P, 441. - He’s full of alteration, 
And self-reproving BRINGs his 
The old quarto comes in to our assistance here : 
And self-reproving : BRING his 
Ibid. After “‘ she and the duke her husband,” the 
old quarto makes Goneril say something to herself 
very much in character : 
I had rather lose the battle, than that sister 
Should loosen him and me. 


P. 442. After “ heavy causes make oppose,” 
quarto adds, 
Bast. Sir, you speak nobly. 
Ibid. After “ on our proceeding,” quarto adds : 
Bast. I shall attend you presently at your tent. 
P. 445. ——_——_——— Tuy great employment 
Will not bear question. 

The former branches of this. speech are very ill 
pointed, but easily to be regulated; so I will not 
trouble you with them. 

I would only observe, that I think we must read: 

My great employment: 
i. e, I leading one of the conqueror’s forces, and ha- 
ving employed thee in this business, will be thy suf- 
ficient warrant, and secure thee from being ques- 
tioned in it. 

P. 446. After “where you shall hold your ses- 
sion,” the old quarto adds a few lines that seem ab- 

solutely necessary here: for as the Bastard's speech 
- is made to end, it is plain, he does not pretend to 
advise, but submits the whole process to Albany: 
How absurdly then does Albany reply, that he holds 
the Bastard but a subject of the war? Add, 

At this time we sweat and bleed ; 

The friend hath lost his friend ; and the best quarrels, 

T° th’ heat, are curst by those that feel their sharpness. 

The question of Cordelia and her father 

Requires a fitter place. 

Ibid., Take thou my soldiers, pris’ners, patrimony, 
Dispose of them, of me, THE WALLS are 8 
The 


384 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


The second verse is wanting in the first quarto. 
But, the wudls of what? OF her soldiers, her pri- 

soners, and her patrimony? Besides, n is here 

in an. open camp; had she béen in an house, and 

given the Bastard the keys of the fore and back gate, 

she might with some propriety have told him, the 

walls were his. 

But as the case is otherwise, I suspect, she would 
say: 

Dispose of them, of me, THEY ALL are thine. 

Ibid. Bast. Let the drum strike, and prove my title 

Goop. 

The first folio, perhaps, more properly, 

Ree. Let the drum strike, and prove my title THINE. 

P. 447. If you will marry, make your loves to me, 

My lady is bespoke. 

This, I presume, is said to Regan; and that Al- 
bany means, since his wife has contracted herself to 
the Bastard, Regan, if she will marry, must marry 
him, i. e. Albany. 


P. 448, ——-——-_— here is mine: 
Behold, it is the privilege of mine honours, 
My oath, and my profession. I protest,— 
What does Edgar mean here is the privilege VA 
fen s 
I 


his honours? His doing justice to one he o} 
seems rather a duty than a privilege. I confess, 
do not clearly take the meaning. 


P. 449. Axs. Save him, save him. 

Thus all the copies in general. But sure Albany, 
that knew the Bastard’s treasons, cannot be solici- 
tous about him. It is certainly a corruption either 
from AMB, or LAD. to signify both the women, or 
ladies. 


Ibid. Thou worse than any THING. oe 
The first folio reads, Name. As Winter's Tale, 
p- 267: 
My wife’s a hobby-horse, deserves a NAME 
As rank as any flax. ! 
P, 450. 


Laie 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 385 


P. 450. For I am almost ready to dissolve, 
Hearing of this. 
_ Here certainly the Players took the liberty to re- 
trench ; whether with the Author's consent, or no, 
I dare not determine. But in the first quarto, after 
ready to dissolve, a description follows which is 
made by Edgar, that I will subjoin for your enter- 
tainment. I confess, it is pretty corrupt; but, I 
hope, not quite past cure. 
will give it you at present exactly as I find it. 


Epe. This would have seem’d a period to such 

As love not sorrow, but another to amplify too 
much 
Would make much more, and top extremity. 
Whilst I was big in clamour, game there ina man, 
Who having seen me in my worst estate, 
Shunn’d my abhorr’d society: but then, finding 
Who’t was that so endur’d, with his strong arms 
He fasten’d on my neck, and bellow’d out 
As he’d burst heaven; threw me on my father ; 
And told the piteous tale of Lear and him, 
That ever ear receiv’d, which in recounting 
. His grief grew puissant, aud the strings of life 
Began to crack. Twice then the trumpets 
sounded, 

And there I left him trane’d. 

ALB. But who was this? ‘ 

Ene. Kent, Sir, the banish’d Kent, who’in disguise, 
Follow’d his enemy king, and did him service 
Improper for a slave. 


P, 451. This judgment of the heay’ns, that makes us 
tremble, 
Touches us not with pity. O! Is THIS SHE? 
The time will not allow the compliment 
Which very manners urge. 

What! did not Albany know his own wife, be- 
cause she was stabbed? Again, if the justice of 
her doom left no compassion for her, what compli- 
ments of grief was it likely manners should make 
him pay? 

VOL. I. 2c The 


386 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


The first folio reads certainly right : 
sya Oh Aetthin GRier—sepete OE Ti 
viz. Kent, who enters disguised as Caius. So the. 
old quarto, after 
Touches us not with pity. 
Enter Kent. 
Edg. Here comes Kent, Sir. 
Alb. O°? tis he, the time will not allow 
The compliment that very manners urge. 
P. 452. The quarto adds, after 
Kent. Is this the promised end, 
£dg. Or image of that horror ? 
Alb. Fall, and cease, 

But what to make of it, I do not know. 

P. 453, He’s a good fellow, I can tell you that, 

He ’tt strike and quickly too: he *s dead and 
rotten. 

We have seen Lear mad, but never a stark fool 
till this moment; to tell us that a dead and rotten 
man will strike quickly. I read, 

’*T was a good fellow, I can tell you that, 
*He’p strike, and quickly too :—He’s dead and 
rotten. 

And now, dear Sir, I have done with this Play 
and Volume, I wish we were as well over the his- 
torical sett. The two Henry the Fourths, Henry 
the Fifth, and Henry the Eighth, are full of enter- 
tainment and fine things. John, Richard II. and 
Richard III. are of the middling stamp: but the three 
pen of Henry VI. scarce come up to that character. 

r. Dryden, I think, has very well defined this part 
of our Author's writings, in his Essay on Dramatic 
Poetry. “If we consider (says he) the Historical 
Plays of Shakespeare, they are rather so many chro- 
nicles of Kings, or the business many times of thirty 
or forty years, cramped into a representation of two 
hours and a half; which is not to imitate or paint Na- 
ture, but rather to draw herin miniature, to take her 
in little ; to look upon her through the wrong end 


* Romeo, p. 117. P 
to) 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 387 


ofa perepective, and receive her ipage not only 
much less, but infinitely more imperfect than the 
life.” 

As I have still a little spare paper, I will 
leave to throw in a few occasional inquiries, in whic 
I shall be proud of your information. 


Julius Cesar, p. 292: 
The angry spot doth glow on Cwsar’s brow. 
Ibid. p. 293 : 
Come on my right hand, for this ear is deaf. 
These particulars, I dare say, our Poet gleaned 
from history; but where he picked them up I am not 
able to trace, 
Ibid. p, 302. Is not to-morrow, boy, the first of March? 
303. Sir, March is wasted fifteen days, 
Could Brutus, who was a sedate speculative man, 
be so out of his reckoning, as to have lost a whole 
fortnight in March, and know nothing of the mat- 
ter? Then in the boy’s account we are certainly to 
include the ensuing day; for Cxsar, you know, was 
killed on the 15th of March. 


Ibid. p. 333, 334: 
Moreover, he hath left you all his walks, 
His private arbours, and new-planted orchards, 
On Tuis side Tibur. 
But should it not be, 
On Tuat side Tibur? 

Anthony was now in the Forum; but Cesar’s 
gardens, you know, were on the other side. Hor. 
Bat I. ix. 18: 
~ Trans Tiburim longé cubat is, propé Cesaris hortos, 

Iam, dear Sir, your most affectionate and obliged 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


2c’? , LETTER 


388 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER XXXII. 


. To the Rev. Mr. Warzsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Jan. 6, 1729-30. 
I have the pleasure of both yours (No. 4 and §) 
bearing date the 3d of this instant January. 


KING JOHN. 
P. 8. Because he hath a half-face like my father, 
With nacr Tuat face would he have all my land, 
A half-fac’d groat, five hundred pounds a year? 

But why, with half that face? Surely, I think, 
it should be, with THar watr-face. But Mr. Pope 
will be angry with me for explaining an anachronism 
in our Poet. He alludes, in the last line, to the 
new coin appointed by Henry VIT. anno 1504, viz. 
a groat, and half a groat, which bear but half-faces 
expressed. 

P. 10. Now blessed by the hour. 

» Read, BE. 

P. 14. Lewis. Before Angiers. 

Why does the Dauphin take upon him to antici- 
par his father in welcoming Austria, and his father 

ere in presence? [I doubt not but this speech 
should be placed to Kine Puixip. 

P. 18. It lies as sightly on the back of him, 

As great Alcides’ sHoes upon an ass. 

But let Hercules and his shoes have been really as 
big as they were ever supposed to be, yet surely they 
(I mean, the shoes) would not have been an over- 
load for an ass. I read, 

As great Alcides’ sHews upon, &c. 
z. e. as uncouth as the lion’s hide, worn by Hercules, 
would look on an ass. 

Ibid. King Lewis, determine. 

Here, again, Austria does not seem to know 
which was king, father or son. It must be, 

King Putip, determine. 
P. 24, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 389 


P. 24. STAtn’D in the dying slaughter. 
T presume our Editor’s nice ears were offended 
here with a jingle. The old copies read, 
Dy’p in the dying. 
P, 26. How like you this wild counsel, mighty States? 
A line immediately follows this in the first folio, 
which by no means ought to be left out: 
Smacks it not something of the policy? 


P. 27. With swifter sPEED. 
This the Editor substitutes for sPpLEEN, which is 
the word in the old editions. But why not spleen ? 
So afterwards, p. 83: 
And sPLEEN of speed to see your Majesty. 
And so Midsummer Night's Dream, p. 79 : 
Brief as the lightning in the collied night, 
That in a SPLEEN, &c. 
P. 28. And she in beauty, education, blood. 
First folio more connectively, as she. 
P. 32. Gain be my lord, for I will worship thee. 
I think I have already mentioned to you, and for 
what reasons, that the Second Act must end here. 
Ibid. I rutnx, I may not ¢rust thee, for thy word 
Is but the vain breath of a common man. 
jin i, myPonely suppressed in the first line, for 
ny old s read, 
I Gait, I may not /rust thee. 
And after the second verse, this following is in- 
tirely omitted: 
Believe me, I do not believe thee, man. 
: eee Shall never see it but a holy-day. 
Another omission! In the old books, Constance 
in the following speech begins thus : 
A wicked day, and not an holy-day ! 
Pini.. Wear out the DaYs in peace. 
It must certainly be, 
Wear out the pay in peace. 


390 ILLUSTRATIONS .OF LITERATURE. 


P. 36. Aust. Methinks that Richard’s pride, &c. 7 
I do not conceive this insertion so necessary as Mr. 
Pope would have us believe it. At least, Iam sure 
Mr. Pope’s reason for it will hardly hold water. In* 
the first place, our Play, as it stood before, marked 
out Austria the supposed slayer of King Richard, — 
Supra, p. 14: _ 
Arthur, that great forerunner of thy blood — 
By Tuts brave DUKE came early to his grave. 
And Arthur, speaking to Austria, says, 
God shall forgive you Coeur de Lion’s death, Kc. 
Secondly, that Austria wore the lion’s skin is 
likewise specified, p. 35: 
Budd tated aeaiat thou dost shame 
* That bloody spot! :—thou wear a Lion’s hide ! 
And p. 22: 
—_— Sirrah, were I at home 
At your Dev, Sirrah, with your Liongss, 
I’d set an ox-head to your Lion’s HIDE: 


And ‘in the speech that I am about to quote for ano- 


-ther purpose. Thirdly, is it not plain that Faleon- 


bridge knew Austria had killed his father, from this 
whole speech of his, p. 18: 
One that will play the devil, Sir, with you, 
And he may catch your ide and you alone, &c. 
Or else his braving of Austria thus would be 
equally impertinent and unmannered. So that I 
think Mr, Pope’s criticism is somewhat shallow. 


P. 37. That I have Leave with Rome. 
Another jingle stifled by this modern reading. 
The old copies read, 
That I have RooM with Rome. 
As in Julius Cesar, p. 292: 
Now is it Rome indeed, and Room enough, &e. 


P. 43. Puitip, make up. 
A forgetfulness, I’ suppose, of the’ first Editors, 
instead of Ricuarp; for so he is constantly called, 


from his being first- knighted by. the King, p. 10. 


Indeed, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 391 


Indeed, he is often called Falconbridge from his fa- 
mily-name, though the King had given him the sir- 
name of Plantagenet. 

P. 44. Sound on INTO the drowsy race of night. 

I do not think, that sound on gives here that idea 
of solemnity and horror, which, it is plain, our Poet 
intended to convey by this fine description. I read, 

Sound ong UNTO the drowsy race of night. 
z.e. if it were the still part of the night, or one of 
the clock in the morning, when the sound of the 
bell strikes upon the ear with most terror, Shake- 
speare in several other passages, you know, expresses 
the horror of a midnight bell. 

So, Othello, p. 362: 

: Silence that DREADFUL bell, it frights the isle. 

So, Macbeth, p. 216: 

—— What’s the business 
That such an HIDEOUS trumpet calls to parley 
The sLeepERs of the house. 

And sometimes, for more solemnity, he is used 
to add the circumstance of the particular hour. 

So, Midsummer Night’s Dream, p. 136: 

The iron tongue of midnight hath toll’d TWELVE. 

And so, Hamlet, p. 308: 

The bell then beating ONE. 
P. 46. So hot a speed, with such advice dispos’d, 
Such temp’rate order in so fierce a CAUSE. 
I think it should be, course. 
Ibid. After 
Death, oh amiable, lovely Death! 
the first folio adds this line: 
, Thou odoriferous stench, sound rottenness ! 

P. 47. And scorns a MODEST invocation. 

First folio, mopern. I doubt not but you have 
observed how very cramply our Author uses this 
term. I confess, I do not comprehend his sense. 

Tbid. Const. To England, if you will. 

I cannot-at all comprehend why Constance says 
this. There is no talk, or mention, of wafting her 
anywhither. 


P.. 57, 


392 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 57. Like heralds, ’twixt two dreadful battles ser. 

I read, sENT. 

P. 60. Deliver him to safety, and return, 

For I must use thee. a 

Here ought to bemarked, Ex. Hubert, with Peter. 

P. 61. Standing on slippers, which his nimble haste 

Had falsely thrust upon conTRAry feet. 

I could easily account for this in a Greek Author ; 
but do not know any thing of a modern fashion with 
us of having shoes, or slippers, particular for one 
foot, and not the other. 

P. 68. How easy dost thou take all England up, 

From forth this morsel of dead royalty ? 
The sense of the context requires that the point- 
ing in these two verses should be thus transposed : 
How easy dost thou take all England up? - 
: From forth this morsel of dead royalty,— 
P. 72. ‘Wherein we step after a stranger, march 
Upon her gentle bosom. 

But stranger, with Mr. Pope’s leave, is an adjec- 
tive here: and therefore this comma must be ex- 
punged : / 

Wherein we step after a stranger march 
Upon, &c. 

And so, Richard II. p. 102: 

But tread the stranger paths of banishment. 

P. 75. This UNHEARD sawciness and boyish troops. 

Please, dear Sir, to mind boyish here: and: so 
likewise the Bastard, p. 71, speaking of the Dau- 
phin, says, 

Shall a beardless boy; a cockered silken wanton, &c. 

I am persuaded our Author wrote: 

This UNHAIR’D sawciness and boyish troops, &c. 

As in Macbeth, p. 254, by a like bold metaphor : 

And many UNROUGH youths that even now 
Protest their first of manhood. 

I will only observe, that Mr. Pope has here stu- 
pidly exhibited, Unrurr’p youths. 

So, Love’s Labour Lost, p. 301 : 

T’ll mark no words that sMooTH-Fac’d wooers roe 
0, 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 393 
So, Anthony, p- 6:.- 


If the SCARCE-BEARDED Cesar. 
Henry V. p. 407: s 
For who is he whose chin is but enrich’d 
With one appearing hair. 
So, Tempest, p. .....: 
Till new-born chins 
Be rough and razorable. 

So, Coriolanus, p. 211: 

When with his aMazontANn chin, &c. 

Sed né quid nimis. 

’ P. 78. Unrureap the rude Eve of rebellion, 
And welcome home again discarded faith. 

I dare not assert positively that this is not our Au- 
thor’s reading ; but, as a needle is not mentioned, 
is not the allusion a little forced and obscure? As 
likewise in no degree corresponding with welcome 
home in the next verse? I have conjectured : 

Unrreap the rude way of rebellion. 
So, in the very next page, Salisbury says, 
Untreap the steps of damned flight. 

So, Merchant of Venice, p. 168: 

Where is the horse that doth UNTREAD again 
His tedious MEAsuREs with th’ unbated fire 
That he did pace them first. 

TI must not, however, dissemble a passage in Lear, 

that this instant crosses my mind; p. 384: z 
Thus out of season THREADING dark-Ey’D night. 


Ifyouare ........ * threading is the genuine 
reading here. 
PE owes Henry. How Fares your Majesty? 


K. Joun. Poison’d—ill rare. 

Certainly, Mr. Pope has here degraded the true 
reading, FARE; considering our Author's constant 
practise of playing. 

But so much for King John. 

It has been observed already, that King John is 
not the Hero of this Play. ‘The Bastard must be’al- 
lowed the only character that makes any figure. 


* The Letter is here torn. 


There 


394 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


There is, indeed, a fine sketch of motherly fond- 
ness and sorrow. in Constance: and we are to la- 
ment the Poet would not finish his draught. This 
Bastard of Richard I. is just mentioned by Holin- 
shed as the revenger of his father’s death on Limo- 
ges: but whence our Poet gleaned the several cir- 
cumstances relating to his family, birth, and dispute 
with his brother about his parental estate, I cannot 
tell. I have not the Monkish Historians; but I am 
persuaded these are points upon record, and not in- 
vented. 

I am infinitely obliged, dearest Sir, for your most 
kind and ingenious justification of me against Mr. 
Pope’s charge of applauding fustian. You have, in- 
‘deed, exhausted the argument in my defence; and 
left me at a loss whether to be most charmed at the 
clearness and elegance with which you have decided 
upon this question, or the dear regard that you are 
so good to shew for my reputation. But thanks, and 
ever thanks, &c. ; 


I have just room, dear, Sir, to reply to one of your 
emendations, on a passage which I had long ago set 
right; Jove’s sacaRET. 

Troilus, p. 287. T point and explain the Poet thus: 
————— True swords; and, Jove’s accord, 
Nothing ‘so full of heart. 

i.e. Jove’s accord and concurrence seconding them, 
nothing so full of heart as I. So, Henry V. p. 389: 
For, God before, we’!l chide this Dauphin, &c. 
Again, p. 424: 
For, God defore, tell him we will come on. 
So, Macbeth, p. 234: 
That, by the help of these, (with Him above 
To ratify the work). 

And 2 Henry IV. p. 361: 

And (Heav’n consigning to my good intents), &c. 

I am, dearest Sir, your ever obliged and most 
affectionate faithful servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 395 


LETTER XXXIV. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarsurtTon. 


Dear Sir,  Wyan's Court, Jan. 10, 1729-30. 

I acknowledged in mine of Tuesday last the re- 

‘ceipt of your two Nos. 4 and 5. But by last night’s 

ost I had not the pleasure of any Letter from you. 

- B. I have since the happiness of No, 6; the 

t could not come at its due time, through the 
dness of the roads. ] 


I am now come to King Richard the Second. 


P. 91. Even to the frozen ridges of the Alps, 
Or any other ground rNnaBITABLE, &c. 

But are these frozen ridges inhabitable? I be- 
lieve quite contrary. I doubt not but we should 
read uNHABITABLE. For habitable, you know, is 
an English word as well as inhabitable. 

King John, p. 21: 

By this time from their fixed beds of lime 
Had been DISHABITED. 
Taming of the Shrew, p. 74: 
UNHABITABLE as the burning zone. 

P. 92. after, 

Further, I say, and further will maintain — 

The old quarto, in 1597, and also the first folio, 
add, 


Upon his bad life to make all this good — 
Ibid. Till I have told this sLaND’RER of his blood — 
The old books read stanpErR. And why not 

slander ? 

So Henry V. p. 421: 

But you must learn to know such SLANDERS of 

the age, &c. 
And in like manner, Homer, Iliad, 6. 235: 
*Q. wtmoves, xd’ EAETXEA — 
P.100, Farewell, my BLOOD, which if to-day thou TK, 
is 


396 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


This expression seems a resemblance of the La- 
tins in the like use of the term. 

Hor. de Art. Poet. ver. 292: 

Vos, O Pompilius sancuts. 

And Virgil, Aineid, vi. 836: 

Prgjce tela manu, SANGUIS MEUS. 

P. 103. It boots thee not to BE COMPASSIONATE. 

Is not this a very odd use of the term, for to com- . 
passionate, lament, thyself? Should we not rather 
read, 

It boots thee not to BECOME PASSIONATE ? 

P. 105. after, 

You would have bid me argue like a father — 
the old quarto adds these four verses, as Mr. Pope 
ought to have observed : 

O had it been a stranger, not my child, 

To smooth his fault I would have been more mild : 
A partial slander sought I to avoid, 

And in the sentence my own life destroy’d? 

Again, in the same page, after 

The precious jewel of thy home return — 
the old quarto adds a speech for Bolingbroke. In- 
deed, the allusions are but low, and the verses none 
of the best; however, the Editor ought to have 
degraded them, as he has done in many other pas- 
sages : 

Bu. Nay rather, ev’ry tedious stride I make, 

Will but remember me, what a deal of world 
I wander from the jewels that I love. 

Must I not serve a long apprentishood 

To foreign passages, and in the end 

Having my freedom, boast of nothing else 
But that I was a journeyman to grief. 

Again, p. 106. after 
no virtue like Necessity — 
the old quarto adds, 

Think not, the King did banish thee, my son, 
But thou the King. Woe doth the heavier sit, 
Where it perceives it is but faintly borne. 

Again, in the same page, after 

delightful measure, or a dance — 


the 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 397 


the old quarto adds, 
For gnarling sorrow hath less pow’r to bite 
The man that mocks at it and sets it light, 

All these additions, indeed, I have no doubt but 
were left out by the Editors for their own reasons ; 
but, as they are certainly of the Poet's hand, me- 
thinks they should have had the Editor’s notice. 

P, 112, And yet iNGAGED in so small a verge. 

Both the old quarto and the first folio read, as it 
ought to be restored, ENCAGED. 

P. 118. Redeem from BROKEN pawn — 

Again, the old copies, rightly, BRoKiNG. 

P. 119, Like perspectives, which rightly gaz’d upon, 
Shew nothing but confusion ; ey’d awry, 
Distinguish form. ' 

T confess, I do not understand our Poet here; nor 
know perfectly whether he means looking through a 
perspective glass, or looking at a piece of painting 
in perspective. 

P. 125. Enter Barxiey.—I would only observe 
here, that this being a speaking character, as well 
as a person of quality, should have a place in the 
Dramatis Persone. 

Ibid. To take advantage of the absent TIME. 

I would read Kine. I know it isa very common 
expression, You have watched your time for such a 
thing. But sure, it is a strange figure to call the 
time absent, on account of the King’s absence. 

P. 126. Com’st thou because th’ anointed King is 

HENCE, Ke. 

P. 128. And hardly kept your countrymen together. 

Read, with the old copies, our. 

P. 130, Thanks, gentle uncle: come, my Lords, away, 
To fight with Glendower, and his complices ; 
Awhile to work, and after holyday. 

The first and third line; you observe, dear Sir, 
rhyme to each. other; nor do I think this ‘casual. 
And yet the intermediate verse has taken possession 

: of 


398 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of all the old copies. Notwithstanding which, I have 
reat suspicion of its being an interpolation. Bo- 
lingbroke is, as it were, yet but just arrived; he is. 
now at Bristol; weak in his;numbers; has had no 
meeting with a Parliament; nor so far assured of 
the succession, as to think of going to suppress in- _ 
surrections before he is planted in the Throne: 
Besides, we find the opposition of Glendower begins 
the First Part of Henry the Fourth; and Morti- 
mer’s defeat by that hardy Welshman is the tidin; 
of the first Scene of that Play. Hall however tells 
us, that Glendower, in the very first year of King 
Henry IV. began to be troublesome, and put up for 
the supremacy of Wales, and imprisoned Mortimer. 

P. 132. O call back yesterday, bid Time return, 

And thou shalt have éwelve thousand fighting 
men. 

But the King, hearing this noble body of men was 
dispersed, fell into despair of his fortunes, and 
changes colour upon it; and being asked the reason 
of his paleness, he replies, 

But now the blood of éwenty thousand men 
Did triumph in my face, and they are fled. 

Well; here are 20,000 men sprung up outof12,000 
in the compass of six lines. But in seven lines after 
the King comes to himself; and bethinking himself 
of his dignity, and the justice of his cause, he be- 
gins to despise this loss, and cries, 

Is not the King’s name forty thousand names ? 

Here is a strange disagreement in numbers, 
which ought some way to be reconciled. My opi- 
nion is, forty thousand should be the reading in all 
the three passages. And my reason is this. Our 
Poet in his Historical Plays was a most faithful co- 
pier of Holinshed’s Chronicle ; and that Historian ex- 
pressly tells us, that King Richard, being detained 
in Ireland by contrary winds, dispatched my Lord 
Salisbury to raise a force in Wales, who proved so 
successful in this commission, that in four days 


space 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 399 


space there were to the number of forty thousand 
men assembled, ready to go with the King against 
his enemies, if he' had been there himself in person. 
But a report of the insurrection spreading, Salisbury; 
with great difficulty, kept this body together fourteen’ 
days; ‘but the King not coming within that term 
they unanimously dispersed themselves. 


P. 134. Where is the Earl of Wiltshire? where is 
.. Bagot ? Sieg, 
___ What is become of Bushy? where is Green? 
: -Heréare four of them: and within a very few 
lines the King, hearing they had made their peace 
with Bolingbroke, calls them three Judas’s.— But 
how. was their peace made? Why, with the loss 
of their heads. This being explained, Aumerle says, 
Is Bushy, Green, and th’ Earl of Wiltshire dead? 

So that Bagot ought to be left out of the ques- 
tion: and, indeed, he had made the best of his way 
for Chester, and from thence had escaped into, Ire- 

land. I think, therefore, the Poet wrote, 
Where is the Earl of Wiltshire? where’s HE GoT ?— 

or, HE GONE? 


P. 139. With no less terror than the elements 
Of Fire and Water, when their thund’ring 
SMOKE 
. Atmeeting tears the cloudy cheeks of Heav’n. 
I doubt not, but we ought to read, with the old 
quarto, SHOCK: 


See 1 Henry IV. pp. 179, 180: 
—_— Those opposed eyes, 
Which, like the meteors of a troubled heav’n, 
All of one nature, of one substance bred, 
Did lately meet in the intestine sHock, &c. 
P. 140. Her pasror’s grass. 
Certainly, PAsTURES’ grass. 


P. 144, (Let’s step into the shadow of these trees, 
My wretchedness suits witi a row of PINES.) 
[2nter a Gardener and two Servants. 
But 


400 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


But stay, here come the Gardeners ; 
They ’ll talk of state, 
Mr. Pope tells us, that all his readings are con- 
stantly ex fide codicum; and. yet, in this passage, 
there is both a transposition and a transformation 
made, that I cannot find warranted by any copy 
whatsoever. The Editor has outdone Orpheus; for, 
first, he has created a row of pines, and then made 
them dance after him. 
But I will give you the old simple reading, which 
Mr. Pope, I presume, thought too mean tobe justified. 
[L£nter a Gardener, and two Servants. 
But stay, here come the Gardeners. r 
Let’s step into the shadow of these trees: 
My wretchedness unto a row of PINs *, 
They ’II talk of state; [* Pinnes, in old spelling.] 
There is, indeed, a good deal of oddness and ine- 
uality in the wager proposed by the Queen; but 
et us look out for examples to. keep it company. 
As You Like It, p. 336: 
What for a counter would I do, but good? 
Second Part of Henry IV. p. 276: 
For a silken point 1°11 give my Barony. 
Richard the Third, p. 303: 
My Dukedom to a beggarly deniere. 
Love's Labour Lost, p. 231: 
I?ll lay my head to any good man’s hat. 
And again, p. 294: 
_My hat to an half-penny. 
Othello, p. 366: 
My fortunes against any lay worth naming ; — 
and an hundred of the like that I could produce, 


P. 146. Rug, sour herb of grace. * 

So this herb is frequently distinguished by our 
Poet; I presume, because it was always one of the 
ingredients employed by the exorcists in their incan- 
tations to expel devils. 


P. 151. Oh, if you rear ¢his house against H1s house. 
Sure, Mr. Pope very indiscreetly degrades here 
the 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 402 


the true reading, Ta1s; for the Poet is alluding to 
the text in the Evangelist, that “a house divided 
against itself cannot stand.” 


P. 164, And ros our watch, and BEAT our passengers. 


The fashion seems a little altered in our days, if 
we were to take this on trust for the genuine read- 
ing. But the good old quarto bids us read, 

-And BEAT our watch, and ROB our passengers. 


P. 166. The reason that my haste forbids me shew. 


Here again, the old quarto warrants us to restore, 
The TREASON that, &e. 


Ibid. Thy overflow of good converts To bad, 

And thine abundant goodness shall excuse 

This deadly blot, &c. 
T own, I cannot understand this. _I read, 
converts THE bad — 
i. e. so alters, and alleviates, the heinousness of thy 
son’s trespass, that I forgive it on the score of thy 
superabundant goodness. ' 


P. 175. A deed of sLaveuTeR with thy fatal hand. 

The old quarto reads, I think, more properly, 
A deed of sLanDER—. 

And so much for Richard the Second. 


Two more of your agreeable packets, dearest Sir, 
are this lathbig eokbe to hand No. 7 and 8), of the 
5th and 7th instant. I hoped to have made up for 
my omission of last post by a double one this; but 
a little interruption from the Theatre has broke in 
upon my purpose. 

On Tuesday next (Deo volente) my queries on the . 
First Part of Henry the Fourth shall visit you. 

I am, with the sincerest sense of your favours, 
dearest Sir, your most affectionate and obliged friend 
and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


VOL, I. 2D LETTER 


402 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER, XXXV. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sin, Wyan’s Court, Jan. 13, 17 29-30. 

I am to acknowledge the satisfaction of yours 
(No. g), dated the 10th instant; and so proceed to 
the First Part of Henry the Fourth. : 

P. 179. No more the thirsty entrance of this soil 

; Shall dawb her lips 

Sure, this is a very hard and obscure expression. 
I presume the sense is, ‘ blood-thirsty invasion of 
this country shall no more stain it with its own chil- 
dren's gore:” but is this idea conveyed by thirsty 
entrance? [See-3 Hen. VI. p. 223-] 

_P. 181, Ten thousand bold Scots, Two-and-twenty 
; Knights, &e. ; 

Thus all the copies: but, considering how faith- 
ful our Author was in following History, we have 
the warranty both of Hall and Holinshed to read, 

Nit Turee-and-twenty Knights. 

But, dear Sir, there is one historical difficulty 
still in this speech, which I cannot get over with- 
out your accurate and sagacious assistance : 

—++——— Of prisoners, Hotspur took 

Monrpake the Earl of Fife, and ELDEST SON 
To beaten Douc.as, 4 

Now, my first question is, are two distinct per- 
sons here spoken of? or is Mordake described both 
as Earl of Fife, and son to Douglas? But Mordake 
was a Stuart, and eldest son to Duke Robert Gover- 
nor of the Realm; which Robert was the second son 
of the Seotish. King Robert the Second, and by him 
appointed Duke of Albany, and Governor of the 
Realm. Then, who is this eldest son to beaten 
Douglas? Wotspur took Archibald Earl of Dou- 
glas himself prisoner at Holmedon; who afterwards 
appears in our Play, and assists Percy at Shrews-. 


bury. 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 403. 


bury. He is the Douglas himself; and is called’ so 
a few lines backward : j 
The Earl of Douglas is discomfited. 

(For Archibald, his father, and predecessor in the 
Earldom, was dead, sometime before the affair at 
Holmedon.) Douglas, therefore, that is taken pri- 
soner, and is Earl himself, would hardly be described 
by our Poet as the eldest son of his “dead father 

suglas, who had been formerly ‘beaten’ by. the 
English. ai ns of ols 

Talmost'suspect a line is lost; by which Mordake 
is described as eldest son of Duke Robert the Gover- 
nor of Scotland; and that then we ought to read, 

rs The beaten Douglas, &c. 
for, in the list of prisoners taken, Douglas is named 
second both by Hall and Holinshed. 
and of prisoners among others were these, 

Mordake Earl of Fife, son to the Governor Archem- 
bald Earl of Douglas, which in the fight lost one of 
his eyes, Thomas Earl of Murrey, &e. 

Thus the quotation stands in honest Holinshed ; 
and, upon second thought, a comma being omitted 
after the word Governor, might not our Poet take 
the blunder of the press upon trust, and think Earl 
Douglas was this Governor, and that Mordake was 
his son ?— But then another difficulty arises; that, 
though Douglas is said to be beaten, we have no ac- 
count likewise of his being one of the prisoners. 

I must not leave this question with you without 
reminding you of two other passages in our Play ; 
which, whether they will help to clear up, or em- 
barrass, ought to come in view: 


P. 195, Then once more to the Scotish prisoners, 
Deliver them without their ransom strait, 
And make the Douglas’ son your only mean 
For powers in Scotland ; - 
Here we have mention of Douglas’s son; by 
which it would seem that the Poet means the Earl 
himself. ........4. [The Letter is here torn.] 
i 2D2 P. 234. 


404 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 234. Thrice hath this Hotspur Mars in thsi 
cloaths, 
This infant warrior, in his enterprizes 
Discomfited great Douglas, ta’en him once, 
Enlarged him, and made a friend of him, 
Here I haye guessed, ta’en nis son, i, e. Earl 
Archibald; for it is not true that Hotspur thrice de- 
feated the same Douglas. He killed one Earl Dou- 
glas, I think, in the 11th of Richard IT.; he de- 
MOHGER 51 Ser geissleie nm -ce * in the 1st of Henry Vis 
and he took this descendant .. 1... 0.6.4 ++5 .*, 
P. 183. Let not us that are Squires of the Night's 
Body, be called Thieves, of the  Day’s 
Beauty. 
I do not know how they can be said Thieves. of 
the Day’s Beauty. Should it not rather be, Booty? 
Ibid. — and is not mine Hostess of the tavern a 
most sweet wench? 
and is not a Buft-jerkin'< a most sweet 
robe of durance ? 
what a plague have I to do with q Buff- 


Jerkin? 
Why, what a p— have I to do with my Hostess of 
the tavern ? 

This manner of cross-questioning is not unlike 
several passages in Plautus; particularly this in 
Mostell. Act. Scene 3, ver. 1, &c. 

Jampridem ecastor frigid& non lavi magis lubenter ; 

Nec quem me melius, mea Scapha, rear esse rina 

Sc. Eventus rebus omnibus, velut horno messis magna 

Fuit.—Puit. Quid ea messis attinet ad meam lavationem # ? 

Sc. Nihilo plus, quam lavatio tua ad messin ?. 

P. 186. Falstaff, Harvey, Rossit, and Gadshill, shall 

rob those men that we have already way-laid 
and when THEY have the booty, 
if you and I don’t rob THEM, &c. 

Here have we ¢wo persons named, as characters 
in this Play, that never were once inserted among 
the Dramatis Persone in any of the impressions 


* The Letter is here torn. 
what- 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 405 


whatsoever. But let us see who they were that com- 
mitted this robbery; and then, perhaps, we shall be 
able to account for this pair of additional thieves, as 
they at present seem. 


In the Second Act, Scene 3 (p. 201), we come to 
the highway. Falstaff, wanting his horse, which 
had been hired on purpose to plague him, calls out 
-on Hat, Porns, Barpoxr, and Pero;, and says, 
he has a great mind to leave these rogues. Presently 
GapsuiL1 joins them, with intelligence of travellers 
being at hand. Upon which the eee says, 

You Four shall front them in the narrow lane; 
Ned Powns and I will walk lower. 

So that the four to be concerned are, Falstaff, 
_Bardolf, Peto, and Gadshill. Accordingly, the 
robbery is committed; and the Prince and Poins 
afterwards rob them four. When the matter comes 
to an examination (Scene 9) in the Boar's Head Ta- 
vern, the Prince rallies Peto and Bardolf for their 
running away; who confess the charge, and disco- 
ver how Falstaff hacked his sword with his dagger, 
and ordered them to make their noses bleed with 
+ santo and swear it to be the blood of true men. 

pon the evidence now is it not plain that BarpoLr 
and Pero were two of the four robbers? And who 
then can doubt but Harvey and Rossil were the 
names of the Actors that performed those two parts ; 
_and by mistake, in the old Play-house books, put 
instead of the names of the characters to be repre- 
-sented by them ?—Nor is this, you know, dear Sir, 
the only instance of this sort that occurs in our Poet. 
Throughout a whole Scene of Much Ado about No- 
thing, you remember the names of Kempe and Cow- 
ley ave put in the old books instead of the Town- 
clerk and Dogberry, which they represented ; as in 
another Scene of the same Play, we find Jack Wil- 
son marked to enter instead of Balthazar. I wish, 
_ indeed, mistakes of this sort had happened through- 
out the Works of our Author; that we might have 
f known 


406 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


known what particular parts were performed. by 
Shakespeare himself, and the other eminent actors, 
his contemporaries. - 
P. 193. As to o’erwalk a current roaring loud, 
On the unsteadfast FooTING of a spear. 
Should not this rather be roorpinc? I presume, 
the passage alludes to the custom of foording of 
currents, of keeping themselves up with spears or 
poles. 
Ibid. If ne fallin, good night. 
I read, If we fall in. 
P. 195. which for diverse reasons _ 
Which I shall send you written, be assured 
Will easily be granted you, my Lord, &c. 
The pointing is here certainly wrong. It should 
be thus : 


————_—— written, be assur’d, 
Will easily be granted. You, my Lord, &c. 

P, 197, An INNE, 

I read, Rocuester, an inne. Poins tells his com- 
rades, pp. 185, 186, GansuiLx lies to-night at Ro- 
CHESTER; and accordingly here, at p. 198, Gads- 
hill is in his, inn, mixes with the carriers, and is 
setting out for the concerted robbery. 


P. 199. Burgo-thasters, and great ONE-EYERS. 

I have in my printed book conjectured serénors. 
We have likewise guessed, MONEYERs, 7. e. alluding 
that in thieving they were coiners of money, as much 
as those officers appointed at the Mint called Mo- 
neyers. I cannot help thinking the Editor's guess 
and explanation are both bad. 


P. 207. Ned, pr’ythee come out of that FAT room, &c. 
I have no glimmering of what is intended by this 
odd epithet. 


P. 225. And our indentures tripartite are DRAWN; — 

1 think it should be prawine: for Perey, that 
should know as well as Mortimer, above.a page and 
a half 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, A407 


a half lower, p. 227, asks the question, 
Are the indentures DRAWN ? 
Upon which Glendower says, 
I'll haste the wairer. 
a Nay, and Mortimer himself, at above four pages 
distance, p. 229, says, ; 
By that time will our book, I think, be DRawN. 
And Percy still after this, p. 230, says, 
If the indentures be DRAWN, 
I'll away within these two hours. 
After which, Glendower says, 
By this our book is DRAWN. 


P. 227. I’d rather hear a brazen candlestick TUN’D. 
I never made one at this sport; ‘and I therefore 
chuse to read, with the old copies, rurN’b. 


P. 229. I understand thy kisses, and thou mine, 
And that’s a FEEBLE disputation. 

But I am sure Mr. Pope did not understand them ; 
nor, Lam almost afraid by this feeble epithet, ever un- 
derstood the joy of a delicious kiss—sit verbo venia! 

Considering how fondly enamoured Mortimer is of 
his young wife, and how sorrowful she is on the ap- 
prehension of his absence, I am confident you will 
read with me, from both the old copies, 

And that’s a FEELING disputation. 
What can be more tender and expressive ! 


P. 230. And, as true as I Love; — 
This is not in the catalogue of the comfet-makers’ 
oaths. Read again, with the old copies, 


And, as true as I LIVE ; — 


Ibid. I will not sing. 
Hotsp. ’Tis the next way to turn Zaylor, or Robin- 
red-breast teacher. 
I suppose the Taylors, as well as Weavers, were 
notorious for continual: singing. I remember, our 
Poet before, in Twelfth Night, talks of Coziers, 


catches; and Coziers were Botchers. 
There 


408 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


There is a humourous observation to our purpose 
_in Beaumont and Fletcher’s Knight of the Burning 
Pestle, p. 2295: 
Tis vile: Never trust a TayLor that does not 
sING at his work, his mind is of nothing but filching. 
But what is meant here by a Robin-Red-breast 
teacher ? 1 é a 
P. 237. and Dives that lived in purple; for ~ 
there he is in his robes BURNING. 
Both the old books read, with much more energy, 
for there he is in his robes BURNING, BURNING. 
Ibid. The TicuT of a hair was never lost. 
I suppose the Hostess means, the ryrHe. 
P. 238. Enter Prince Henry marching, and Falstaff 
meets him, playing on his truncheon like a fife. 
But what truncheon had Falstaff? r, if he 
played on it, why should he say, 
Is the wind in that door? 
I read, . 
' Enter Prince Henry marching, and Peto, play- 
ing on his truncheon like a fife. Falstaff meets THEM. 
Tbid. no more truth in thee than in a DRAWN fox. 
I own, I am not sportsman enough .......... 
PO eo th .......* the bushes after a fox; and 
then a fox so served, I presume, may be called a 
drawn fox; but what has this to do with no more 
truth in thee than 
I have imagined, but how truly I dare not assert, 
@ TRAINED fox, 7. e. one tamed and trained up in a 
family like a dog; which still at times, notwith- 
standing discipline and education, will fly out and 
relapse into the tricks and manners of his species. 
Our Poet has a thought something like this in this 
very Play, p. 258: 
For treason is but TRUSTED like the fox, 
Who ne’er so TAME, so cherisht, and lock’d up, 
Will have a WILD Taick of his ancestors. 


So much ‘at present for Henry IV. 
* The Letter is here torn. 


Iwill 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. _ 409 


I will finish my present paper, dear Sir, with my 
manner of understanding a passage in Lear, upon 
which you favoured me with an emendation in your 
last. 

Lear, p. 432: 
' But who comes here? 
'. The safer sense will ne’er accommodate his master 
» thus. 

You propose, the sighted sense; and think Ed- 
gar speaks it to his father, advising, that patience 
would stand him in more stead than. sight could 
have done. 

I confess, I imagine the text right as it was, and 
to have this meaning. 

Please to look back ‘to p. 426: 

Alack! ’tis he; why he was met ev’n now 
As mad as the vext sea, singing aloud, 
Crown’d with rank fumiter, &c. 

Now it is in this wild and extravagant dress that 
the poor King here comes in; which Edgar seeing, he 
cries out, that the King’s wits must needs be turned; 
if his senses were safe, if he were in his sober 
senses, he would never deck himself in such a fan- 
tastical sort. 

Iam, dearest Sir, your ever affectionate and obliged 
friend and humble servant, Lew. THEoBap. 


LETTER XXXVI. 
To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Siz, Wyan's Court, Jan. 15, 1729-30. 
T last night received the pleasure of yours (No. 10) 
‘of the 13th instant; and, as you there desire my sense 
of two or three particular obscure passages, it may 
not be amiss first to dispatch with them, and then 
proceed on with Henry IV. 
I must make a short stop on one passage in King 
John, because I think differently on the place. 
P. 45. 


410 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


.P..45, So by a roaring tempest, &c. 
You take this for a flat, absurd, and ill-timed si- 


mile. I confess, I never thought it a simile; nor, 
on a nearer view, do I believe you will. The French 
King eg the scene abruptly, as Virgil has done 
his fourth Aneid:—4r Regina gravi, &c.—and the 
“So,” here, is but a connective particle to what is 
supposed to have preceded the opening of the scene 
in discourse. ! 

Thus in Hamlet: 

So Rosencraus and Guildenstern go to ’t. 

And thus the French King here seems to mean— 
“So, as you tell me, [or, as our accounts are, | this 
Armado of ships is scattered by stress of weather.” 

That the Poet made use of the term of Armado for 
the reason you hint, I readily agree. 

But now to your query upon King John, p. 9: 

—_—____—_-—— my face so thin, 

That in mine Ear I durst not stick a ROSE, 

Least men should say, Look, where THREE FAR~ 
THINGS goes. 

I begin, indeed, to be surprized myself, that I 
passed this over totally in silence. It is certainly 
obscure enough; and yet I think I have a glim- 
mering idea of it; enough, at least, to strike a fuller 
light from your intelligence. As before, in the half- 
faced groat, so here, I fancy, our Poet is antici- 

ating the date of another coin. We had, you 
co of old, both a gold and silver penny ; and 
consequently their fractions. The three-farthings 
of one of these, I conceive, might have a thin face 
in profile impress’d ; and a handsome rose peering 
as from behind theear, or depending from the cap 
towards that part. It runs in my head that I have 
seen some such piece of money. I hope we may 
be able to trace the certainty of it, and when struck: 
probably, either during the contentions of the York 
and Lancaster families; or upon the Roses being 
united in Henry VII. If this be so, it is very hu- 
’ mourous 


77 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.: 411 


mourous in our Poet to rally the thin face, eclipsed, 
as it were, by the full-blown Rose. : 

Twelfth Night, p. 236: 

These wise men, that give fools money, get them- 
selves a good report after fourteen years purchase, 

I do not know whether I can construe this either 
to your, or my. own, satisfaction. It is spoken by 
the Clown, which partly induced me to take it on 
trust: for, as I once hinted, what his Fools, or 
Clowns, say, or that eccentric mortal Pistol, is_ 
hardly to be called to the test. But thus I under- 
stand this passage:—Man that buys good report, 
buysa thing only for life: for even a great man’s me- 
mory would not outlive his body six months,as Ham- 
let says, unless he builds Churches. Now to give such 
a purchase for such a chattel may be considered 
as a top-price: but he that buys this of a fool’s 
hands, goes so much above the market that he gives 
after the rate of fourteen years purchase, 

P. 285, ——-——— As near as the extremest ends 

OF parallels. 

Patroclus (says Ulysses) next is ordered to play 
over Nestor, addressing himself to... .... *3 
but the representation is as distant in likeness from 
the object designed to be represented, as East is 
wide from the West in distance of space. 

By the extreme ends of parallels, | understand him 
to mean, the beginnings and endings of those lines 
on the Globe, which are supposed to take their rise 
at the point:of West, and so run on parallel, termi- 
nating full East. 

I beg, dear Sir, these faint and imperfect expla- 
nations of your three queries may not rob me.of 
that better account which I flatter myself you are 
ptepared to give; and which I shall expect with the 
most impatient pleasure. 

And now to order: 

P. 241. Now, Hal, to the news at Court for the rob- 

bery, lad: how is that answered ? 
* The Letter is here torn. 
I point 


412 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I point this differently : 

Now, Hal, to the news at Court :—For the rob- 
bery, lad, how is that answer'd? 

P. 245. Harry to Harry shall, anp horse to horse. 

The old books concur in reading, 

. Nor horse to horse ; 

which, I conceive, is the righter: 7. e. my horse 
shall bear me like a thunderbolt against the Prince’s 
bosom ; but, when‘ we once meet, our single prowess 
shall dispute the difference, and we will ee 
‘neither on the strength, or address, of our steeds. 

P. 252. Whose power was in the first proportion, 

I imagine, a word is dropped out at the end of 
this line: I would read, 

Whose power was in the first proportion RATE. 
i.e. when we first cast up the proportion of our 
numbers, we included his power in the account. 

‘And the following line seems to warrant this con- . 
jecture: 

Who with them was a RATED sinew TOO. 
i. e. accounted a part of their strength, rather than 
as Mr. Pope comments upon it. 

P, 257. And WILL, they take the offer of our grace ; 

Both he, and they, &c. 

The Editor here, by mistaking the sign of the 
tense for a verb, breaks short the dependence of the 
sentence. I read, and point it thus: 

And, will they take the offer of our grace, 

Both he, and they, &c. 
i. e. so they will submit to take the terms of grace 
offered. 


P. 260. Making you ever better than his praise. 

But how ?—This addition from the old books an- 
swers the question : 

By still dispraising praise, valued with you. 
Ibid. ——__———_—_—— Never did I hear 
Of any prince so wild A LIBERTY. 

The Editor sure must understand liberty here as 

libertine. 


But 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 413 


But the old books, und literruld additd, read, 
AT LIBERTY, 7. e. unwatched, unconfined from: doing 
mischief. So, Hamlet, p. 283: 

How dang’ rous is it, that this man goes loose { 

And, 281: 

His Ziberty is full of threats to all. 

And 271: 

I like him not, nor stands him safe with us 
To let his madness RANGE. 

[For so it must be restored.] And, 259: 
Madness.in great ones must not unwateh’d go. 

P. 263. Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms. 

Who can Falstaff mean by Turk Gregory? or 
does he humourously raise a fictitious hero? I think 
he means Pope Gregory, who made some stir in mi- 
litary atchievements. 

P. 266. —_——— Fare thee well! great heart! 

Ill-weav’d Ambition! how much art thou 
shrunk? 
When that this body did contain a spirit, 
A kingdom for it was'too small a bound ; 
But now two paces of the vilest earth 
Is room enough ! 
Siti Cesar, p. 322: 
O mighty Cesar! Dost thou lie so low? 
Are all thy conquests, glories, triumphs, spoils, 
Shrunk to this little measure? 

Does not our Poet, think you, in these two pas- 
sages seem to have had Juvenal in view ? 

———— Mors sola fatetur, 
Quantula sint hominum corpuscula,—— 
Unus Pello juveni non sufficit orbis : 
4stuat infeelix angusto limite mundi, 

* * * * 
Sarcophago contentus erit.—Sat. x. 

P. 270, sian and my son Harry. 

The verse, I think, is much mended by the old 
books : 

Myself, and you, son Harry, &c. 


And now to the Second Part of Henry IV. 
P. 274. And this worm-eaten HOLE of ragged stone. 
Consi- 


414 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


_ Considering Northumberland had retired and for- 
tified himself in an old caséle, a place of strength in 
those times, I suspect we should read: : 
And this worm-eaten HOLD. 
P. 279. The RaGGEDs’T hour that time and spight 
dare bring 
To frown upon. 

What consonance of metaphors betwixt ragged 

and frown, I would read, 
The RucGeDs’T hour. 

P. 285. As I was then advised by my counsel learned in 

the laws of this land-sERVICE. 

With how much humour does Falstaff play on 
the law-phrase, and then archly call his robbing 
land-service ? The same phrase, you remember, 
he again toys with in Anthony, p. 41: 

You have been a great THIEF by sea. 
Men. And you by land. 
Eno. There I deny my LAND-SERVICE. 
P.. 286. And we that are in the va-warb of our youth, 
I must confess are wags too. 

But where is the wonder, that people should be 
wags in the prime or first line of youth, to keep 
to our Poet's allusion? I cannot help suspecting 
the passage. Though Falstaff would not allow him- 
self to be old, I believe, he would insinuate that he 
was in the last stage of youth, and yet a wag ne- 
vertheless. What if we should read, rEaR-GuUARD? 
Or what if the Poet coined a word, nearer to the 
traces of the text, WANE-wWARD? i. e. towards the 
wane, or decline of youth. j 

Nor is this the only passage in which I have sus- 
pected a corruption in the word Va-ward. For ex- 
ample; 1 Henry VI. p. 10: 

If Sir John Falstaffe had not play’d the coward, 
He being in the va-waRD (plac'd behind, 
With purpose to relieve and follow them). 

How could he be in the vanguard, and placed 
behind too? I have suspected here that we must 
read, RERE-WARD. 

P. 293. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 415 


P. 293. He comes continually to Pie-corner, saving 

your manihoods, to buy a sapDLE. 

I suppose, ribaldry is couched under this term ; 
and that it means, a strwmpet. 

Ibid. A hundred mark is a long ONF, for a poor lone 

woman to bear. 

A long one, of what? a long mark? That is 
the only antecedent substantive it can agree with ; 
and common sense will not admit of its being coupled 
to that. I need ‘not to observe to you, how familiar 
it is with our Poet to play the chimes upon words 
similar in sound, and differing in signification: I 
doubt not but you will read with me: 

A hundred marks is a long Lone *, for a poor 
lone woman to bear ; 
i. e. one hundred marks is a good round sum for a 
poor widow to venture on trust. 
P. 300. Potns. Come, you virtuons ass, you bashful . 
fool, must you be blushing? &e. 

It seems evident to me, by the page’s reply, that 
this speech should be placed to Barnotr. 

P. $01. Well, thus we play the fool with the time, and 

the spirits of the wise sit in the clouds and 
mock us. d 

Do you think our Poet might owe the foundation 
of this thought to Lucretius, 1. IL. v. 7? 

} Sed nil dulcius est, bené quim munita tenere 
Edita doctrin sapientum templa serena, 
Despicere unde queas, 

P.304. O miracle of men! him did yon leave. 

* After this verse the first folio adds, as the Editor 
ought to have observed, 
_ Second to.none, unseconded by you. 
P. 308. Lost, [am the worse, when one says swagger: 
- feel, Masters, how J shake, look you, I warrant you. 

Dol, So you do, Hostess. 

Host. Do I, yea, in very truth do I, as iftt were an 

aspen-leaf. | 


* As they formerly spelled roan, 


As 


416 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


As this fright of the Hostess is so much ‘in Nature, 
I cannot but be surprized to find it sneered at in 
Beaumont’s Knight of the Burning Pestle (the Re- 
hearsal, as I before hinted, of that age) p. 2301: » 
Wife. By the faith o’ my body a’ has put me’ into 
. such a fright, that I tremble (as they say) as ’¢ were 
an aspen-leaf, Look o’ my little finger; George, 
how it shakes. Nay, in truth, every member of my 
body ts the worse for’t. Bk: 
T am, dearest Sir, your most truly faithful and, 
affectionate humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXXVII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Sir, - Wyan's Court, Jan. 17, 1729-30. 

I have the pleasure of yours (No. 11) of the 14th 
instant. Iam very glad you have so happily at once 
dispatched the dull Fifth Volume. I wish I could 
clear all the lumber of it with the same expedition. 
I will endeavour to make the labour as light as I 
can for both our sakes. 

Second Part of Henry IV. 

P. 309. Have we not Hiren here? 

Iam quite at a loss for what Pistol means here 
4 Hiren. 1 have imagined he might call Falstaff’s 
Dol so, by a blunder instead of Helen. 

But in this very Play, afterwards (p. 368), we find 
him pronouncing that name right: 

Thy Dol and Helen of thy noble thoughts, &c. 

Again, as he is altogether upon the bluster in this 
Scene, may he be supposed to mean his sword by 
Hiren, as the swords, you know, of Heroes in Ro- 
mances bear strange names? Whatever it meant, 
this speech either gave great pleasure, or was the 
object of strong ridicule; for I find it repeated in 
two old Plays, “'The Queen, or Excellence ™ her 

x3” 


JPHEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 417. 


Sex ;” and “ Law Tricks:” but from, the context of 
either passage I cannot trace the motive. 
Ibid. ——-——--——- shall packhorses 
+ (pl fas anvlanspemperd jades of Asia, Ke. 
Pistol, it is certain, does not deliver himself like 
a man of this.world;, but, we, will derive one testi- 
mony. from hence, that all his extravaganzas are 
not mere unmeaning wildnesses ; but thrown.in, to 
convey strokes of satire, and expose the fustian, of 
some contemporary pieces. You must. know, dear 
Sir, there is.an old Play, in two parts, called “ Tam- 
burlaine’s Conquests; or, the Scythian Shepherd :” 
in the Second Part of which, Act IV. Scene 4, 
Tamburlaine appears in his chariot, drawn by the 
Kings, of ‘Trebizond and. Soria,, with bits in their 
mouths; heholding the reins in; his left hand, and 
a whip in his right, scourgeth them: and thus be- 
gins. the Scene: _ ; 
\ Holla! ye pamper’d jades of Asia, 
What, can ye draw but twenty miles a day, 
«1» -And haye so proud a chariot.at your heels, 
, And such a\coachman as great Tamburlaine? 
\P. 310. Sweet Knight, I kiss thy NEIF. 
Mr. Pope will have it that Pistol would kiss Dol. 
I insist, he is quarreling with her: upon which, 
Falstaff tells him he would be quiet’; al that then 
Pistol, shewing some little deference to his cap- 
tain, says, 
~ Sweet Knight, I kiss thy NEIF : — 
i. e. thy FIsT: — 
~~~" Imean no displeasure to thee, &c. 
_, P,317. Why then good-morrow to you ALL, my Lords: 
mr ‘Have you read o’er, &e. ¥ 
As there are only Warwick and Surrey come in 
to the King, who was before alone, 1 am sure 
Shakespeare would have made him say, 
apse. good morrow to you BOTH. 
I read the passage thus: : 
"Why then, good-morrow to you.—WeELL, my Lords, 
“+ “Have you yet read, &¢. «-' 
VOL. I. 2E P: 219; 


418 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


"-P. $19. The country. hn 
Why not Groucesrer-shire? ut infra, pp. 355 
. 362. 


.P. 320. Then was Jack Falstaff (now Sir John, boy) a 


Page. 

All the old books set right this passage : 

Then was Jack Falstaff (now Sir John) a boy, anD 
Page to 

Packs. There was a little quiver fellow, and ’a 

would manage you his piece thus; and’a would 
about, and about, and come you in, and come you, 
in; &c. 

So truly natural, and comic as this description is, 
and in character for our ridiculous, minute Justice 
Shallow, it became the object of Beaumont and 
Fletcher's sneer in the Knight of the Burning 
Pestle, p. 2328 : 

Ran, tan, tan, tan, ran, tan! Oh, wench, an 
thou had’ st but seen little Ned of Aldgate, dram Ned, 
how he made it roar again, and laid on like a 
tyrant, and then struck softly till the ward came up, 
and then thundered again, and together we go: 
Sa, sd, sa, bounce, quoth the guns! courage, my 
hearts, quoth the captains! St. George, quoth the 
pike-men! and withall, here they lay, and there 
they lay! and yet for all this I am here, wench, 

P. 331. We see which way the stream of Time doth 

run, 
And are infore’d from our most quiét THERE, 


&e, 

As there is neither a substantive, nor has relation 
to one, methinks it is a strange idle expletive here. 
If the Bishop mee be supposed to speak singly in 
his own person, I should guess, 
from our most quiet CHAIR :— 
but, I am afraid, he speaks for self and company. 

P. 332. That you should seal this lawless bloody book 

Of forg’d rebellion with a seal divine? 

In one of my old quartos (for I have two of this 
Play, printed in 1600), after these lines, sigs Oe 

ows 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 419 


lows a verse which ought by all means to be 
stored: sak 
And consecrate Commotion’s bitter EDGE? 

I should think “ bitter pace,” more consonant to 
book; but, perhaps, the sword of Rebellion, drawn 
by a Bishop, may in that sense be said to be conse- 
crated, as the King afterwards (p. 343), talking of 
going to the Holy Wars, says, 

We'll draw no swords but what are sanctified. 


P. 332. My Brother General, the Commonwealth. 
To this speech my same old quarto adds an inter- 
mediate verse, that I cannot tell what to make of: 

My Brother General, the commonwealth 

To brother borne an household cruelty, 

I make my quarrel 
Ibid. Was fore’d, perforce compell’d to banish him. 
It ought to be restored, 

Was, force perforce, compell’d, &c. 
As after, p. 344: 
As, force perforce, the age will pour it in. 


P. 340. I speeded hither with the very extremest 
incH of possibility. 
Is inch right here? I am ata loss to make sense 
of it. 


P. 344, As rLaws congealed in the spring of day. 
What are riaws? 


P. 348. That from this golden r1GoL hath divore’d 
bal So many English Kings. 

I remember in one of yours, last season, -you 
have taken this word to task, and would substitute 
REGALE. But rigol, perhaps, may be the Poet's 
own word; you know how apt he is to coin from 
the Italian. Ferrarius, in his “ Origines Italic,” ex- 
pounds the word r1ppa thus: “ Chorea, cum nexis 
manibus saltando in orbem vertuntur. A ridda, 
RIDOLETTO, RIGOLETTO, RIGOLO.” So that, a rigo- 
let, or rigol, I conceive, may stand in English for 
a circle. ii i 


2E2 P. 351. 


420 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


°P.351. Be happy, he will trouble you no more. 
After this verse, all my old copies add, 
England shall double gid his treble guilt. 

If Mr. Pope saw this, and expunged it because of 
the low pun, he should have remembered the Poet 
is guilty of the like in Henry the Fifth, p. 394: 

: Have for the gilt of France (O guilt indeed !) 

P. 356. and will back-bite. 

Divo. No worse than they ate BITTEN, Sir. 

The old quarto, more rightly, = 

No worse than they are BACK-BITTEN, Sir. 

Ibid, I7Jl follow you, good Master Robert Shallow. 

Here ought to be marked, 

‘ [£zeunt Shallow, &c. manet Falstaff: 

For when Shallow, in the subsequent page, says, 
Sir John! we are to understand that he calls to him 
from within. 

P. 361. My father is gone walL’p into his grave. 

So Mr. Pope. The old editions read wip. I own, 
I espouse Mr. Pope’s as yet ; for I do not understand 
the other. However, I will mention to you what 
Dr. Thirlby wrote in his mang upon the passage. 
This ridiculous reading, wail’d, which I suppose is 
Pope’s conjecture, is not only nonsense in itself, but 
is the cause that nonsense is in the following verses. 

P. 362. Master Page, sit: good Master Page, sit: 

PROFACE, 

This word I cannot find in any of my Dictiona- 
ries. But I meet with it in an old Comedy, called 
The Widow’s Tears, Act IV.: 

Well, Ihave done: 
And well done, Frailty. PRorace; how lik’st thou it. 
(Spoken to a girl that is eating victuals brought her 
by the speaker. 

I cannot guess at the word, unless it be a contrac- 
tion from the Italian, Bon vi profaccia: i.e. “ Much 
good may it do you.” 

P. 365. BEzoNIAN, speak or die. . 

So in the Second Part of Henry IV. p. 158: 

Great men oft die by wild Bezonrans. 


ere 


. THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. | 421 


Here again our Author coins from. the Italian. 
Bisogno, you know, among other significations, 
means necessity ; and bisognoso, a needy person; and 
thence, metaphorically, a base scoundrel. Thus I 
find a base bisogno in the “ Widow's Tears;” and 
Ben Jonson speaks of the bisognosi in Volpone. 

And so, dear Sir, end my observations on the Se- 
cond Part of Henry the Fourth. 


The next Play is much my darling; so I will re- 
serve it to a Letter by itself. I would be glad to 
know if I ever shewed you how I had conjecturally 
supplied the hemistich in the 7th page of the First 
Part of Henry the Sixth; where Mr. Pope has sub- 
stituted Francis Drake. 


As I have occasionally taken notice how free both 
Ben Jonson and Beaumont and Fletcher were in 
girding at our Author; I will fill up my present 
paper with a few more passages, which I fancy you 
will think with me are directly leveled at him. 

1.—1 Henry IV. p. 194: 

By heav’n, methinks it were an easy leap 
To pluck bright Honour, &c. 


In the Knight of the Burning Pestle, p. 2268, 
a grocer’s wife brings her apprentice Ralph to play 
a part; and encouraging him to exert, says, 

_ Hold up thy head, Ralph; shew the gentlemen 
what thou can’st do: speak a huffing part: J war- 
rant you, the gentlemen will accept of it. i 

And then Ralph repeats this whole speech of 

Hotspur. 


2.—1 Henry VI. p. go: 
Is this the Talbot so much fear’d abroad, 
_ That with his name the mothers still their babes ? 


Knight of the Burning Pestle, p. 2268: 

He will fetch you up a couraging part for the 
garret, that we are all as feared, I warrant you, 
that we quake again. We’ll fear our children with 
him, If they be never so unruly, do but cry, Ralph 

comes, 


422 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


comes, Ralph comes to’em, and'they ’ll be as quiet 
as lambs. 
3.—Hamlet, p. 232: 
Never to speak of this that you have seen, 
Swear by my sword ————- 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, p. 2310: 
Ralph. but yet thou shalt swear 
Upon my Burning Pestle to perform 
Thy promise utter’d. 
Bar. I swear and kiss. 
4.—Julius Cesar, p. 356: 
Friends, I owe more tears 
To this dead man than you shall see me pay. ~ 
Knight of the Burning Pestle, p. 2320, spoken 
by Lucy on seeing her sweetheart’s coffin : 
Good friends, depart a little, while I take 
My leave of this dead man, that once I lov’d. 
5.—Julius Cesar, Act I. Scene 2: 
Let me have men about me that are fat. 
Sleek-headed men, and suchas sleep a-nights ; 
Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look ; 
He thinks too much: such men are dangerous. 
Bartlemew Fair, p. 40, applied to the fat pig- 
wife, and her starvling servitor : 
Come, there ’s no malice in these fat folks; I ne- 
ver fear thee, an J can ’scape thy lean mooncalf here. 

6.—3 area VI. p. 232: ; 

Rich. Letmebe Duke of Clarence; George, of Glou’ster; 

For Glo’ster’s dukedom is too ominous, 

War. Tut! that’s a foolish observation. 

Devil ’s an Ass, p. 287: 

Meercr. 1 think, we ba’ found a place to fit you now, 
Sir: Gloucester. 

Fitz-dot. O no, I'll not. 

Meercr. Why, Sir? 

Fitz. ’Tis fatal. __ 

Meercr. That you say right in, Spencer, I think, the 
younger, had his last honour thence. But he was 
but an Earl. 

Fitz. I know not that Sir: but Thomas of Woodstock 
I’m sure was Duke: and he was made away at Ca- 
lice, as Duke Humphrey was at Bury: and Richard 
the Third, you know what end he came to. 


Meercr. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 423 


Meercr. By m’ faith, you ’re cunning in the Chro- 

nicle, Sir. ; ; 

Fitz. No, I confess I ha’t from the Play-books: 

And think they ’re more authentick, 

I have still, as I have read, minuted down a great 
number of the like reflecting references ; but these 
will be enough at present for a specimen. Some few 
of ro observations upon the Fifth Volume you 
will give me leave, for more certainty, to reply to: 
but these passages I will take as they rise in their 
order. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXXVIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarsurrTon. 


Dear Sir, Wyan’s Court, Jan. 20, 1729-30. 

In sequel of my last of the 17th instant, I now 
proceed with Henry V. 

P. 377. But that the scambling and unquiet time 

Did pur it out of farther question. 

The first folio has a term of much more energy, 
PUSH, more consonant to the epithets in the preceding 
verse. 

P. 383. King Lewis’s PossEssion. 

Mr. Pope (for a mere delicacy of ear, as I pre- 
sume,) has very injudiciously, I think, degraded the 

‘word satisfaction, which has the warrant both of the 
Historians, and the first folio. 

Besides, let us look back to the preceding page, 

and we find that King Lewis 
————. Could not keep quiet in his conscience 
Wearing the crown of France, till saTisFiED, &c, 

Ibid. Than openly imbrace their crooked titles. 

Some of the old books,—‘ amply to imbarr.” I 
do not know which of these is the properer term in 
Heraldry ; which is what is required here. 

P. 384. 


424 — WLUSTRATIONS OF “LITERATURE. 


~-P. $84. They know your grace hath cause, and oad 
and might; 
So hath your highness, never. 
I vary the pointing as follows ; ic whieh 
change it seems to me stark nonsense : 
They know your grace hath cause; and means 
and might u 
So hath your highness: Never. 


“P. 385. For government, though high and low and lower, 
Put into parts, doth keep in one consent, 
Congruing * in a full and nasoral close, 
Like musick. 
The foundation ‘and expression of this thought 
seem to be borrowed from Cicero de Republ. lib. 2: 
— “ Sic ex summis, et mediis, et infimis inter- 
jectis ordinibus, ut sonis, moderatam ratione civita- 
tem, consensu dissimilimorum concinere; et que 
harmonia & musicis dicitur in cantu, eam esse in ci- 
vitate concor diam.” 
P),388,45——— And shew my SAIL of greatness, 
When I do rouse me in my throne of France. 
I do not well understand what our Poet means by 
this metaphor. 


Ibid. But this lies all within the will of Goa. 

I will not say, Shakespeare dealt here with Ho: 
mer ; but the introduction and delivery of the senti- 
ment has a great resemblance in both Poets: » ~ 


"AMX Fro wav Tavre Ociv bv yovacs xsita. 
Odyss. a. v. 267. 


P, 390. Though Patience be a tir’d Name, yet she 
will plod. 
A tired name plodding, sure, is a very singular 
posers: I make no doubt but we ought to read with 
he old quarto,—a tir’d MaRE, 


Ibid. O welladay lady, if he be not HEWN now, 
We shall, &c. 


* Congreeing, first folio. The other has a false coi 
lo 


“THEOBALD ‘AND WARBURTON. 425 


a do not understand this. Ithink there isa ‘small 

ption both in the text and pointing. 

=} would regulate it thus: 

‘ O welladay lady, if he be not prawn! 
Now we shall, &c. 
i, e, seeing Pistol with his sword out. 
So, Tempest, p. 33: 
Why are you DRAWN? 

» So, Romeo, p. 119: 

What prawn, and talk of peace! 

(For so the old quarto reads.) 

Peiectaws Thy spirits are more tall. 

First folio rectids, most. 

P. ....4, E’er he take ship for France : THEN in. South- 

ampton 
Linger your patience on, &c. 

I cannot persuade myself that our Poet would bid 
his audience linger their patience on in Southampton, 
before he had told them the scenewas shifted thither: 
and then that, in five lines afterwards, he would tell 
them they must transport themselves to that town. 

read and point it thus: 

F’er he take ship for France, AND in Southampton, 

Linger your patience on, &c. 
i. e. he informs his audience that this vile treason is 
to be transacted at Southampton, before he lets them 
know that he is shifting his scene thither. 


P. 398. By the name of Tuomas Lord Scroop of 
Masham. 
Above, p. 394; we have this Nobleman by his 
right name, Henry Lord Scroop of Masham: and so 
we must restore it here. 


~ P. 403. While that his MouNTAIN Sire, on mountain 
standing. 

d suspect, MOUNTING ; i. e. his heroic, aspiring, 

high-minded sire; as above, p. 383: 
While his most MIGHTY ther oma hill, ke. 

Unless we are to imagine that. the French King 

— disparingly of him as a Welch-man, and - 

calls 


426 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


calls him mouniain sire. (So Fluellin, p. 463, is 
called Mountain squire; and so Sir Hugh, in Merry 
Wives, p. 215, is called by Pistol, Mountain-fo- 
reigner.) But all the rest of the French King’s 
speech is respectful, and countenances no such sneer. 

P. 405, The PiNING maiden’s groans. 

This, 1 take it, is, er sud potestate. You, I 
think, conjectured, ’privep. But may not privy 
maiden’s groans imply, the maiden’s private groans, 
vented to herself? I again conjectured, pRiMy 
mations groans; 7.e. ripe, in the prime of their 

outh. 
. So, Hamlet, p. 220. 
A violet in the youth of primy Nature. 

So, King Henry, afterwards, p. 413, speaking of 
the fatal consequences of a town stormed, says, 
mowing like grass 
Your fresh-fair virgins, &c. 

P.-407. ————. At Dover-pier 
Embark his royalty. 

T can in no kind account for this reading. Can it 
possibly be forgetfulness, when our Poet is so ex- 
press in the Chorus to his second Act, that the King 
was to embark at Southampton, as he really did? 

P. 408. Like the brass cannon let the brow oerwhelm it. 

We certainly must point with the first folio ; 

Like the brass cannon: Let the, &c, 

P. 415. It is evident, I think, that we must make 
these transpositions of the speeches in this French 
scene : 

Al. Lamain, il est appellé, de hand. 

Kath, De hand. Et le doyt? 

Al, _ Ledoyt, me foy, &e. 

Kath. La main, de hand, &c,——escolier. Jay 
gaigné, &c. 

I do not trouble you with the insufferable corrup- 
tions in French, both as to numbers, genders, and 
terminations, 

P. 416. De fingre, de NAYLES, madame. 

The first folio, recté, maytes. Katharine mistakes 
the word; or why does Alice set her right? 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 427 


¢ et le count. 

» Tread, coun, a corrupt pronunciation of cown, 
by which Alice approaches the French word con, 
cunnus : as foot does to foutre. 


P. 425, ——-—— As if his entrails were hairs. 

Here follows something in the first folio, which, 
I cannot tell for what reason, the Editor has omitted: 
Le cheval yolant, the Pegasus, chez les narines de feu! 


P. 426. And in your strait sTROSSERs. 

Neither my dictionaries, nor my acquaintance 
with the Irish, have helped me to the meaning of 
this word; I presume it means, breeches, joined to 
the hose, strait and close to the thighs. 


P. 430. A largess universal like the sun 
His lib’ral eye doth give to every one, 
Thawing cold fear; THAT mean and gentle all 
Behold (as may unworthiness define 
A little touch of Harry in the night. 

Surely, this is a most perplexed and nonsensical 
passage. what? had the eye of Harry such an 
universal influence, that every rank beheld (as the 
insufficiency of the Poet could present him) a little 
touch of him in the night?. It certainly must be 
corrected, and pointed thus : 

Thawing cold fear.—Zhen, mean and gentle, all 
Behold (as may, &c. 

The Poet first tells the real influence that Harry’s 
eye had in the camp; and then, addressing himself 
to every degree of his audience, tells them, he will 
shew docen (as well'as his unworthy pen and powers 
‘can describe it) a little touch, or sketch, of this hero 
in the night. 


P. 431. With casted slough, and fresh CELERITY. 


The first folio gives’a word much more proper, 
and adapted to the subject, LEGERITY. 


P.436. The time was WELL’ sPENT wherein such pre- 
paration was gatn’d. « 
Tam 


428 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I am certain our Author designed an antithesis in 
GAINED and blessedly Lost, which the Editor has 
taken away by degrading the latter. 

P. 439, Take from them now 

The sense of reck’ning, &c. 

This passage is differently read both by the old 
quarto and first folio : 
[auarRTo.] 

Steel my soldiers’ hearts, 
Take from them now the sense of reckoning, - 
That the opposed multitudes which stand before 

them: 

May not appal their courage. 
[FoLio.] 


hearts, 
Possess them not with fear : Take from them now 
The sense of reck’ning OF th’ opposed numbers : 
Pluck their hearts from them. 

I would read, 

with fear: Take from them now 

The sense of reck’ning ; Lest th’ opposed numbers 
Pluck their hearts from them. Notto day, &e. ~ 


P. 439, 40. More will I do; 

Tho’ al/ that I can do is nothing worth, 
Since that my penitence comes after all, 
Imploring pardon. 

This must be certainly wrong : but, if we compare 
it with what the King says in Hamlet of the efficacy 
of repentance, I suspect we may catch his ee 
by this slight change of one word: 

Save that my penitence, &c. 
i.e. I have no means to blot out the injuries of my 
father, but by repenting for the cause. 

P. 442. And yet I do thee, &e. 

For thou art made. 
‘Exe. Farewell, kind lord. 
The old quarto “authorizes this transposition : 
Exe. Farewell, kind Lord, &c. 
And yet Ido thee, &c. 
For thou art made, &c. 


P. 446. 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 429 


P. 446. Shall veave them little, tell the constable, 

‘Both the old books read, as the sense. requires, 
YIELD.. - tly 

P. 447. For I will fetch thy RyM out at thy throat. 

Ts there any such word as rym? I have ventured 


to suspect, 
Or I will fetch thy RANSOM out at thy throat. 
esa, I did never know so WOFULL a voice issue from 
so empty a heart. 


But why worui.? Pistol was all bounce and 
noise. Besides, where is the antithesis? 
We must certainly read with the first folio: 
I did. never know so FULL a voice, : 
But then the arch boy immediately ........ * 
elf from the old song [or saying ]—The empty ves- 
sel makes the greatest sound. 
P. 4..... Augment, or alter, as your wisdoms best 
Shall see advantageable for our dignity, 
After the second line the old folio adds a verse 
here, which, I think, ought to be inserted : 
Any thing in, or out of, our demands, &c. 
P. 473, Neither the voice, nor the heart of HATRED 
about me. 
We must read with the first folio flattery. 
And soI have done with this Play, andthis Volume. 


I received, dearest Sir, yours (No. 12) this morn- 
ing on this very Play; but, as the gon part of 
mine was writ, I thought it would be best to go on 
with my own remarks in the order and method I 
had proposed. 

Iam surprized by yours to hear that no more of 
mine have reached you since that of Richard II; 
because I have sent two or three, I cannot say which, 
including all my queries on the two Parts of Henry 
IV. I shall take it as a favour for the future that 
you will please, as I do, to acknowledge the receipt 
of mine, and mention their numbers ; and then we 
cannot easily be at a loss. 


* The MS, is torn. 
My 


430 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


My postman begs that, upon your superscriptions, 
snwtead of London, you would say, Blomesbury, 
whieh will be some ease to them, it seems,.in the 
sorting of their Letters. 

Iam, dearest Sir, with the truest sincerity, your 
most affectionate and obliged friend, and. faithful 
humble servant, Lew, THEOBALD. 


LETTER XXXIX. 
To the Rev. Mr. WarsurtTon. 


Dear Sir, Wyan'’s Court, Jan. 22, 1729-30. 

I have acknowledged the receipt of yours (No. 12); 
and by last night’s post I received none. 

I now enter upon this dull Fifth Volume, and 
shall be well pleased when I have got through it. 

KING HENRY VI. PART I. 

Dramatis Persone.—The diligence of our Editor 
has curtailed this list of no less than seven speaking 
characters; Sir John Falstaff, Sir Thomas Gar- 
graves Sir William Glansdale, Sir William Lucy, 

vernor of Paris, Master Gunner of Orleans, and 
Boy, his son. 

P. 5. CHRYSTAL tresses. 

I had understood this in the sense of transparent, 
as all fiery phenomena are. 

P. 7. Than Julius Cesar, or bright 

I think, I shewed you my conjecture on this hia- 
tus ; and therefore will not Bie i you with it till I 
know certainly from you whether I did, or no. 

P. 8. These tidings would call forth HER flowing tides. 

I read, ‘THEIR, the relative to tears. 

P. 11. Mars his true moving. 

Kepler, I think, gave us the first notices of Mars’s 
revolutions, in his Treatise De Motibus Stelle Mar- 
tis, He died about the year 1620. How long be- 
fore his death he published his tract, I cannot tell ; 
but we may be sure not so early as the appearance of 

this 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 431 


this Play. It would scarce have escaped our Au- 
thor’s knowledge. 


P.11. Or piteous they would look like drowned mice, 

The first folio adds here, 

Reien. Lets ’s raise the seige: why eas we idly here? 
Talbot is, &c. 


P. 12. Two other lords, like lions wanting food. 
First folio, 
The other Lords, &c. 


P. 16. The Carpinat of Winchester forbids ; 
—and p. ta 
1’Jl canvass thee in thy broad Carpinal’s hat. 
I am afraid our Poet is a little inconsistent with 
himself in this point. Either Winchester was not 
yet installed Cardinal, or why does Exeter so long 
afterwards as p. 74 say, 
What, is my Lord of Winchester INsTALL’D, 
And called unto a Carpinav’s degree? 


P. 21, Ready they were to shoot me to the heart. 
The first folio adds, as a marginal direction, 
Enter Boy with a linstock. 


Ibid. One of thy eyes and thy CHEEKs side, 
Read cHEEK’s. 


P. 23. Now like THEIR whelps. 
First folio, 
Now like To whelps, 
P. 25. Her ashes in an urn more GRACIOUS. 
First folio, pPREctous. What was this rich coffer 
of Darius? I recollect nothing of it. 
P. 26. Unready? I am glad we scap’d so well, 


First folio, 
Unready? I, aNnp glad we scap’d so well. 


P. 29. For smoke and busty vapours of the night. 
First folio, pusky. 
P. 33, In dumb sicniricance proclaim your thoughts. 
‘First folio, sIGNIFICANTS. 

Pr sesso 


432 TLLUSTRATIONS OF, LITERATURE. 


_..P. «., Iscorn thee and thy Passion, peevish Boy... » 
The old books read, rasHion: which eee 
peevish, I presume, induced our Editor to change 
to passion. But I read, ie 
I scorn thee and thy FACTION, peevish boy. P 
ie. thee,‘and those that uphold thee. Somerset 
had said in the foregoing page, ° 
Well, I’ll find FRIENDS to wear my bleeding 
roses, &c. 
And Plantagenet had said in this very page, 
Will I for ever and my FACTION wear, &c. 
Besides, if faction be not the true reading, why * 
should Suffolk immediately reply, 
Turn not thy scorns this way, Plantagenet. 
P. ..... To scourge you for this APPREHENSION. 
Suré the sense requires, REPREHENSION. 
P. 39. Thou dost then wrong me, as that SLAUGHTER 
doth. 
First folio,.staucuT’rer. And, I think, there is 
another slight corruption in this very speech : 
And fair BE ALL thy hopes ! 2 
As Mortimer is wishing blessings and prosperity 
to Plantagenet, I suspect we ought to read, 
And fair BEFAL thy hopes! 
Which seems confirmed by the first lines of Plan- 
tagenet’s next speech, ; 
And peace, no war, BEFAL thy parting soul! 
P. 40. Or make my WILL th’ advantage of my good. 
I confess, I do not understand this. 
We have guessed, 
Or make my ILL, 
i. e. my misfortune, refusal, at worst shall gain me 
friends. This reading too restores an antithesis. 
P. 41. Winch. This Rome shall remedy. 
War. Go thither then. 
Mr. Pope’s nice ear has a strong antipathy to any. 
jingle, but that of rhyme: for the old books read, 
Roam thither then. 
* “Why? because Plantagenet had called Somerset, with 
whom Suffolk sided, peevish boy.” Warpurton. e a 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 433 


P. 44. As by his smooTHED brows.) |» 

So reads the first folio with you. 
~ P. 48. That hardly we escap’d the PRIDE of Francel 

Should not this rather) be, prize, ¢..e. becoming 
the spoil, being taken by.;, See Richard ILI. p.361. 
~ P. 50. Enter Sir John Falstaffe and a Captain. : 

Mr. Pope's note upon this passage is, I think, an 
idle one. For this is the true historical Sir John 
Fasro.rr, and not the comic character introduced 
in the former Plays, who was at first called Oldcas- 
tle, till there was a reason for changing the name, 
from some descendants of that family surviving. | 00 
~ P. 55. Against the Duke of Somerset. . wid 

The first folio very necessarily completes the verse, 

Against My Lorp the Duke of Somerset. 

Ibid. That whoso draws a sword, ’T ts present death, 

Your remark upon this passage is very ingenious ; 
and yet give me leave, dear Sir, to refer it once more 
to your consideration. I confess, I think the text 
is not to be disturbed ; and my reason is this: We 
must be a little guided by the following lines : 

But I'll unto his Majesty, and crave 
I may have liberty to venge this wrong. 

Now, though it might be present death to draw a 
sword in the presence, the question is, what occasion 
was there for Vernon to ask the King leave that he 
might revenge his affront in another place ? Again, 
we have a Statute for punishing strokes given within 
the verge of the Royal Palace; and the penalty is 
the loss of the right hand. — Indeed, this Statute was 
not made till the thirty-third year of Henry VITI.— 
but, if it had been before this time, this Statute would 
have taken notice of, and repealed, the former pe- 
nalty. Again, let us consider what the King says, 
when both parties come to ask his leave, p. 60: 

——_——__——. Remember where we are, 
In France, amongst a fickle wav’ring nation : 
If they perceive dissention in our looks, 
And that within ourselves we disagree, 
VOL. 1. 2F How 


434 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


How will their grudging stomachs be provoked 
To wilful disobedience, and rebel? 

I make no doubt, therefore, but that the King, 
considering himself as it were in an Enemy’s country, 
and fearful of ill consequences from any one of his 
own subjects bandying and quarreling with one ano- 
ther, had made it a capital offence by the martial 
law for any one of his followers to draw a weapon 
upon one another: and, this granted, there is some 
reason why Vernon, for his own revenge, without 
first obtaining a dispensation from his Sovereign, 
could no more draw his sword in another place, 
than in the Presence, without licence first obtained. 


P. 63. That I thy enemy may Dew thee witha). 
I think rather, pur. 


P. 66. Swearing that you withhold his devoted Host, 
Tread, uorse. See Somerset's answer, 
He might have sent and had the HoRsE. 
And a little lower, 
I will dispatch the HORSEMEN strait. 
And p. 64, 
of HORSEMEN that were LEVIED for this siege. 
And again, 


—— Who in proud heart 
Doth stop my coRNETs. 
And p. 61, 
And, good my lord of Somerset, unite 
Your troops of HORSEMEN with his bands of foot. 


P. 69. To-morrow I shall die with MICKLE age. 
I rather think, miuky; 7. e. hoary. 
So, infra, p. 183: 


That bows unto the grave with MILKY age. 


Ibid. ON THAT ADVANTAGE bought with such a shame, 
To save a paltry life, &c. 
I cannot help thinking this a little too obscure 
to be genuine. I fancy we should either read, 
OuT oN that vantage, bought with such a shame! 
To saye, &c. 


Or, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 435 
Or, 


ON THAT BAD VANTAGE bought, with such a shame, 
F To save a paltry life, &c. 
P. 72. To be the pillage of a giglot wench. 


‘So left me proudly. 
The first folio adds, 


——-——— wench, 
So, rushing in the bowels of the French, 
He left me proudly. 


P. 73, For God’s sake let him have HIM; to keep them 
here 
They would but stink. 
It is evident we must read, THEM, i.e. Talbot 
and his son, 
P. 81. Enjoy mine own, the country Maine and 
Anjou. 
I say, it should be, counties. So Suffolk, in 
his answer : 
And those two counTtEs I will undertake, &c, 
And so again, p. 97: 
These CounTIES were the keys of Normandy. 
And now to the Second Part of Henry VI: 


P. 95. Ere the THIRTEENTH of May next ensuing. 
From the joint warrant of history, and of the old 
quarto and first folio, we must read THIRTIETH. 


P. 96. Or hath mine uncle Beprorp, and myself. 
I wonder this blunder escaped you. Bedford was 
his brother. So, five lines higher we have it right. 
And did my Broruer Bedford toil his wits, &c. 
We are to read therefore here, 
Or hath mine uncle Beaurort, and myself, &c, 
Cardinal Beaufort was his uncle. 
So Gloucester speaking to him in the next page, 
says, 
Ay, uNeLE, we will keep it if we can. 
P. 104. Then we may deliver our supplications in the 
quill. 
I suppose, this is a provincial phrase; but I do 
‘not know the meaning of it. 
2F2 P. 108. 


‘ 


436 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 108. Madam, the King is old enough himself 
‘ To give THIS censure. 
We must read, with the first folio, 
To give HIs censure, 


P. 114. What, Cardinal! Is your priesthood grown so 
’ peremptory ? he . 
Here follows a quotation from the first folio, 

which I shall take the privilege to restore, because, 
I think, it shews our Poet understood his Virgil 
very well by this happy application : 

Tantene animis Ceelestibus ira ? 

Churchmen so hot ? 


P. ....... Grou. True, uncle. 

Are you advis’d ?—the East side the grove. 
Cardinal, I am with you. 

Why does Gloucester ask the Cardinal this ques- 
tion, if it was he that had made the appointment of 
the place? I question not, but the speakers are 
confused, and therefore I thus regulate them. 

Gov. True, uncle. 
Carp. Are you advis'd ?—the East side the grove. 
Gov. Cardinal, I am with you. 

For this admirably well marks the virulence of the 
Cardinal, who had appointed the place, and. was 
afraid Gloucester should mistake it. 


P. 121. The fifth was Epwarp Langley. 
History and the old books bid us read, Epstunp. 


P. 123. Stand forth, Dame Elianor Cobham. ‘ 
I cannot imagine why our Poet made bold with 
History, in misplacing the time of this fact, This 


‘ Duchess was convicted of, and banished for sorcery, 


in the zoth year of the King, and three years before 
his marriage. 


Ibid. Receive the sentence of the law for sin. 
The next line requires, sins. 


P. 124. And his staff with a sand-bag fasten’d to it. 
What was the use of this? 


Pr 124. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 437 


P. 124, Here’s a cup of CHARNECO. : ? 

I do not know what liquor this might be. Our 
Dictionaries take no notice of it. 1 find it mentioned, 
amongst several other wines, in an old tract, called 
** The Discovery of a London Monster, called the 
Black Dog of Newgate. Imprinted at London by 
G. Eld, for Robert Wilson, 1612.” 

** Room fora customer, quoth I. So in I went, 
where I found English, Scotish, Welch, Irish, 
Dutch; and French, in several rooms: some drink- 
ing the neat wine of Orleans, some the Gascony, 
some the Bourdeaux ; there wanted neither Sherry, 
Sack, nor Cuarnoco, Maligo, nor Peeter Seemine, 
amber-colour’d Candy, nor liquorish Ipoeras, brown 
belov'd Bastard, fat Aligant, or any quick-spirited 
liquor, that might draw their wits into a circle to 
see the devil by imagination.” 


I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 


obliged friend and humble servant, 
Lew. ‘THEOBALD. 


LETTER’ XL. 
To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton, 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Jan. 24, 1729-30. 
I last night received yours (No. 13) of the 2Ist 
instant; and proceed now on the Second Part of 
Henry VI. 
P. 126. So cares and joys abound, as seasons fleet. " 
Quod si, go round ? The.context seems rather to 
bespeak their circulation and vicissitude, than plenty 
and continuance. 
Ibid. Enter the Duchess, &e. - - - - - - in her hand. 
We must add here, 
Sir John Stanley, with a sheriff and officers. 
for it appears, p. 128, that Sir John is to escort her 
ao to 


438 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF LITERATURE. 


to the Isle of Man, and the Duke of Gloucester sks 
him if that is his commission. 

P. 135. And as the butcher takes away the calf, 

And binds the wretch, and beats it when it 
STRAYS. 

But it is something extraordinary, methinks, for 
a calf to stray when it is bound to its good beha- 
viour. I chuse to read, “ when it strives.” Every 
beast, when it finds itself any ways intangled, strug- 
gles, and makes an effort to get loose. 

Ibid. 2. Mar. Free lords, cold snow. 

I have no conception why the Queen addresses 
them with this epithet. 


P. 137. Might hap | ly have | proved | far worse than 


Where is Mi. ar s ear, that is sometimes so de- 
licate in cadences? A single Letter too cures all 
the harsh emphasis: 

Might happily have proy’d, &c. 

Happily, and haply, are used indifferently. 

P. 139. Do calm the fury of this mad-brain’d FLAw. 

This is one of those words which our Author uses 
very quaintly, and I know not how to expound to 
myself. 

P. 140. Suff. Away, be gone. Exeunt. 

Enter K. Henry, the Queen, Cardinal, Surroix. 

Our most accurate Editors carry off Suffolk, only 
to bring him on again the very next half-moment. 
I adjust it thus : 

Exeunt Ruffians; manet Suffolk. 

Enter K. Henry, the Queen, Cardinal, Somerset, &c. 
P. 143. To sit, and watch * me, as Ascanius did. 
Whence did our Poet glean this circumstance of 

Ascanius telling his father’s story to Dido? Dido, 

indeed, held Cupid, the supposed Ascanius, in her 

lap, whilst Aineas related the series of Troy's down- 
fa L &c. at her request: Virgil marks it to us, 

Imd age, et a prima, dic, inquit, origine nobis, &c. 

* See a conjecture on this passage in p. 440. 
P. 144, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 439 


P. 144, And to survey his dead and EARTHLY image. 

I chuse, array, though I am afraid our Author 
uses both terms indiscriminately. But what shall 
we say for the Editor’s taste, who has not distin- 
guished by his commendatory commas that un- 
matched description, in the next page, of the symp- 
toms of Gloucester’s violent death ? 

P. 147. What stronger breastplate than a heart un- 

: tainted ? 
Turice is he arm’d. 
Does not this approach a little to our Horace? 
Illi robur, et #s TRIPLEX 
Circa PECTUs. 

P. 148. Yet notwithstanding such a sTRANGE edict. 

The first folio reads, in my opinion with much 
more propriety, sTRAIT, 7. e, strict. 7 
« PL 149, ———— Poison be their drink, 

Gall, worse than gall, the DAINTIEST THAT 
they taste. 

As there is a substantive subjoined to every epi- 
thet in the verses that follow, sweetest shade, chief- 
est prospect, softest touch, &c. I think, we should 
read either DAINTIES THAT, Or DAINTIEST MEAT they 
taste. 

P. 149, -———— As smart as /izard’s stings. 

In several other passages, I have observed our Poet 
speaks of the lizard, so inoffensive with us, as of a 
noxious animal. I do not know whether in Italy 
these reptiles be venomous, or no; or whether by 
lizard the Poet means serpent ; as Virgil is said to 
do, Eel. ii. 9. 

Nune virides etiam occultant spineta lacertos. 

Genus serpentis, says Servius, Or perhaps these 
animals may be terribly obnoxious in some parts of 
the world, as in the island of Java for instance: — 
“In sylvis Java, in paludibus et coeno, Lacerte 
quoddam genus, aut, ut aptits dicam, crocodili ter- 
restris species. Nullus, ex plurimis quos vidi, ultra 
quinque pedes excreyerat.. Ferunt tamen Javani, 

saevos 


440% ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


savos et majores in montibus versari. Animal per 
totuin vertebrarum dorsi processum serratum est, 
cute rugosa et sqamosa, foedé viridi, et maculosa ; ita’ 
ut solo aspectu suo insuetis horrorem incutiat.” >” 
Bontii Hist. Natur. 1.5, ¢. iv. 
"Po T432° tempted Suffolk’s tongue — 
To sit and watcu me as Ascanius did. 

‘Throwing my eye casually back to this page, Iam 
tempted, dear Sir, to propose an instantaneous con- 
jecture here, Should we not read, 

To sit and wircH me, &c.? L 
z. e. inchant, steal into my soul with stories of thee. 
And please to observe the Queen presently subjoins, 
Am I not wircn’p, like ber? 

P. 152. So thou wilt let me live, and feel no pain. 

But did the Cardinal here labour under bodily 
pain that he wanted to be rid of, or the dreadful 
apprehensions in his mind of approaching death? 
I think the old quarto will restore us the best 
reading : 

So thou wilt let me live but one whole year. 
And this seems more correspondent to the remark 
which King Henry subjoins on the Cardinal. ~ 

P. 157. Than Bareutus, the strong Illyrian pirate. 

And the old quarto has it, 

Than mighty Asrapas, the great Macedonian pirate. 

But neither of these terrible wights am I in the 
least acquainted with. : 

Ibid. Gelidus timor occupat artus. 

The first folio reads, rine gelidus, &c. But as I 
do not. remember whence* this hemistich is drawn, 
cannot guess at the ground of this corruption. 

P. 162. ¥. Staff} And what of that ? 

Cade. Marry, this Edmund, &c, 


I read, 
Marry, this.—Edmund, ke. ; ‘ 
For there is no mention of him before, to demand 
the relative: and now this answers to that. 


* Ovid de Tristibus, 313, N. 
P. 174, 


THEOBALD ‘AND WARBURTON. |! 441 


P..174. Like tova ship, 'that, having ’s¢dp’dia tempest; 
Is straitway CLAIM’D, and boarded with a pirate. 

I suspect,, catm’p.~I. think,, after, the violent 
working of a tempest, the.sea is generally totally be- 
ealmed. . Besides, with allusion to,the King’s affairs, 
the tempest of Cade’s rebellion was just blown over, 
the State was\in a,calm by,|that-insurrection quieted; 
immediately York, like an usurping pirate, comes 
to seize the vessel of Government... ; 

P. 180, To Have the traitor Somerset from hence. | 

Both the old quarto and first folio give us a more 
emphatical term, HEAVE. ‘ 

P. 181, Wouldst have me kneel? First let me 

ask of THEE, L 
If they can brook I bow a knee to man! (3 
Sirrah, call in my sons to be my bail. 1 

I either think, that we must have this transposi- 
tion ; or that we must read in the first line, ; 
——_—_—__——- Let me ask of THREE, 

If they can brook, &c. 
i. e. his three sons, Edward, ‘George, and Richard. 
For though, in the next page, only Edward and 
Richard are mentioned, sure George is left out by 
negligence. My proof for this I draw from the next 
Play, p. 207: 

Was ’t you that revell’d in our Parliament, 

And made a preachment of your high descent? 

Where are your mess of sons to back you now, 

The wanton Epwarp, and the lusty Grorce? 

And where’s that valiant crook-back prodigy, 

Dicky your boy, &c. 

The fourth son, who made up the mess, you know, 
was Rutland; but he was too young either to back or 
bail his father. 

P. 182. Shall be their father’s dail, and BANE to those. 

Considering how our Author loves to play; on 
words similar in their sound, and opposite in their 
signification, I make no doubt but we ought to read, 

Shall be their father’s BAIL; and BALE to those. 
i. e. detriment, destruction, &c. from which word 
the adjective, baleful, is derived. So in Locrine 
(p- 3277 


442 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


(p. 3277 in Mr. Rowe's octavo edition of Shake- 
speare) : 
Yea, with these eyes thou hast seen her, and 
therefore pull them out, for they will work thy BaLg. 
Mr. Rowe, it is true, has here absurdly suffered 
bail to pass upon him; but my old quarto of this 
Play, printed in 1595, exhibits it right, bale. 
Whilst I remember it, I will give you another 
emendation upon this very word, in despight of all 
the books to the contrary. 
Coriolanus, p. 179 : 
Rome and her rats are at the point of battle; 
The one side must have BALE. 
i. e. be worsted. 


P. 186. And the PREMISED flames of the last day. 

What does he mean by, premised ? fore-declared 
by the Scriptures ? 

And so to the Third Part of Henry VI. 

P. 194. Speak thou for me, and tell them what I did. 

The Editors ought to mark, that Richard here 
throws down Somerset's head. 

Ibid. The proudest HE, that holds up Lancaster, 

Dares stir a wing, if Warwick shake his bells, 

The old quarto reads—the proudest srrp—which 
sorts better with the metaphors in the second verse. 

So, p. 216: 


The baught Northumberland, 
And of their feather many more proud BIRDs. 

P. 195. West. But when the Duke is slain, they ‘Il 

quickly fly. 

The old quarto more justly places this line to Zxe- 
ter; for why else does the King address his reply 
to him? 

P. 198. Let me for this time reign as King. 

The verse wants a foot; and the sense tuo is im- 
perfect. The first folio reads, 

Let me for this My Liretime reign as King. 
The very thing which is agreed to by Plantagenet’s 
answer, 
P 201. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 443 


P. 201. Will cost my crown. 

You say, coast, and that it is a term from hawk- 
ing. I had understood cost as an abbreviation of 
accost, i.e. attack, seize upon. 

Ibid. No quarrel, but a sLIGHT contention. 

The old quarto reads sweet, 7. e. the argument 
of their contention was upon a grateful topic, the 
question of their father’s immediate right to the crown. 

P. 202. But for a kingdom any oath may be broken ; 

I'd break a thousand oaths, to reign one year. 

Does not the Poet seem to have the Thebais of 

Seneca in view: 


EE Regno velim 
Patriam, penates, conjugem flammis dare : 
Imperia pretio quolibet constant bene. 
P. 203, —_—_—_——_—- For they are soldiers, 
Witty, and courteous, liberal, full of spirtt. 

What a most blessed harmonious line have the 
Editors here given us, and what a promising epithet, 
in York’s behalf, from the Kentishmen being so 
witty! I cannot be so perish however, to my own 
county, as let this compliment to pass. 

I make no doubt to read, 

—_—__—_——— For they are ‘soldiers, 
*WEALTHY, AND “courteous, ‘liberal, ° full of spirit. 
. _ Now these five characteristics answer to Lord 
Say’s description of them in the preceding Play, 
. 169: 
2 Kent, in the Commentaries Cesar writ, 
Is term’d the *c?vil’st place in all this Isle, 
The people ‘diberal, ‘valiant, ‘active, *wealthy. 

P. 205. Dii faciant laudis summa sit ista tue ! 

Do you remember whence * our Poet has borrowed 
this pentameter? I am sure, it shews he knew how 
to apply his Latin. 

P. 207. It is war’s prize to take all vantages, &c. 

Does not this smack a little of our master Virgil’s 
observation : 


Dolus, an virtus, quis in hoste requiret ? 


* Ovid's Epistle from Phillis to Demophoon. N. 
And 


444 . ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And now, dear Sir, to contend with you once 
more (but it shall be a sweet contention) in justifi- 
cation of SAFER sense.—You disallow it for two rea- 
sons ; because Edgar, when he says who comes here, 
did not immediately know it was Lear ; and because 
in pepe the comparative cannot be put for the 
positive. To the first I answer, that though Edgar 
might not instantly know it was Lear, yet, whoever 
it was, he knew a man in his sober senses could not 
equip himself so extravagantly.. To the second, I 
appeal to you from our Poet’s own practice ina simi- 
lar instance. 

Cymbeline, p. 51: ‘ 
—— Put thyself 

Into a haviour of less fear, e’er wildness 
Vanquish my STAYDER senses. 
(For so the first folio reads), 7. e. my stayed, sober 
senses. 

T am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, : 
Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XLI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Str, © Wyan's Court, Jan. 27, 1729-30: 

You will likewise herewith receive mine (No. 12.) 

. dated the 24th instant, which my porter neglected 
to give to the post. I have the pleasure of your 
agreeable one (No. 13.) of the 21st instant, to which 
a short word in the tail of this. 

Now to go on with the Third Part of Henry VI. 

P. 207. Where are your mess of sons, to BACK you 

now? &c, 

I have no quarrel to the sense of this verse; but I 
think the word should be, Barz, as it refers to the 
Parliament scene at p. 181, where York says, 

Sirrab, call in my sons to be my BAIL. 
P. 208, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 445 


P. 208. And rob his temples of the diadem, 
- Now in Tus life, against THE holy oath? | 
From both the quarto and folio we must correct 
the last line thus : ‘ 
Now in nis life against your holy oath ? 
P. 216. Why, via! to London will we march. 
The quarto completes this verse, march amain. 


P. 217. And HARMLESs pity must be laid aside. 

The quarto and folio, rectits, HARMFULL.  Clif- 
ford means, that the King’s too great lenity and pity 
were detrimental to his interest. : 


P, 218, And happy always was it for that son, 
Whose father for his hoarding went to hell. 

It is evident from the context, that the Kin 
should not make any such assertion, but that he 
makes a question of it. Correct therefore, went to 
hell? Though the proverb says, that happy is the 
son whose miserly father goes to the devil, yet does 
this happen in every instance ? 


P. 221. Then, execution, re-unsheath thy sword. 

The old books warrant no such reading. They 
exhibit thus, 

Then, executioner, unsheath thy sword. 

Richard calls Clifford thus, on account of his 
having so barbarously killed young Rutland. 

P, 222. Forespent with toil, as runners with @ race. 

The old quarto, ; 

Sore spent with toil, as runners with ¢he race. 

I only remark it to you as a various reading; for 
either will do very well. 

P. 223. Ah! Warwick, why hast thou withdrawn thy- 

, self? 
Thy sroruer’s blood the thirsty earth hath 
drunk, &e. 

An historical difficulty arises to me from this pas- 
sage; which I can neither clear to myself from the 
chronicles; neither can I determine safely, whether 
there be not by some accident, a perplexity in our 


Poet. 


446 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Poet. In the first place, what brother of Warwick’s 
is it that is described to die in this manner*? It can- 
not be the Marquis of Montacute; for his death we 
find not described till afterwards, p. 275. And pray, 
dear Sir, examine the descriptions: what a same- 
ness of manner, thought, and expression, there is in 
the picture of the two brothers dying! Each speaks 
in the very pangs of expiration; and one’s hollow 
voice sounds like a dismal clangor from afar, the 
other’s like a cannon in a vault. 1 can hardly think 
the Poet was so pleased with his own description, 
that he would repeat it again in the same Play. IL 
rather suspect, he was in doubt where he would 
place it. Phat it might have been first inserted in 
this scene; afterwards transplanted to the Fifth Act; 
and so by the unheedful blockheadry of the Actors 
and Editors foisted in to both places, But this is a 
suspicion of great diffidence : and in which, as I said, 
1 know not what to determine. I must likewise 
observe to you, that the oldest quarto applies this 
first description not to the death of any brother of 
Warwick, but that of the Earl of Salisbury, War- 
wick’s father. But this is a notorious deviation 
from the truth of history. For, in the battle at 
Wakefield, in which Queen Margaret overcame and 
slew Richard Duke of York, this Lord Salisbury 
was taken prisoner, beheaded at Pomfret, and his 
head, together with that of the Duke, placed over 
York gates. However, I ought to give you the pas- 
sage literally from the old quarto: 
Rich. Ab, Warwick, why hast thou withdrawn thyself? 

Thy noble raTuer in the thickest throngs 

Cry’d still for Warwick, his tbrice-valiant son, 

Until with thousand swords he was beset, 


* As Mr. Theobald afterwards discovered, “ The truth is, the 
elder brother here mentioned is no person in the drama, and his 
death is only an incidental piece of history. Consulting the Chro- 
nicles, upon this action at Ferrybridge, I find him to have been 
a natural son of Salisbury (in that respect a brother of Warwick) 
and esteemed a valiant young gentleman.” 

Turozaxp’s Shakespeare. 
And 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 447. 


And many wounds made in his aged breast. 

And as he tott’ring sate upon his steed, 

He waft his hand to me, and cried aloud, 
Richard, commend me to my valiant son: _ 
And still he cry’d, Warwick, revenge my death! 
And with those words he tumbled off his horse ; 
And so the noble Salisbury gave up the ghost. 

P. 229. And whither fly the gnats, but to the sun? 

This verse, in the old quarto, is preceded by ano- 
ther that is absolutely necessary to be restored : 

The common people swarm like summer flies ; 
And whither, &c. 
For what doth cherish worps. 

All the books, even Mr. Pope's quarto, read with 
you, WEEDS, so that this is only a typographical 
error. 

P, 236. Because in quarrel of the HOUSE of YorK, 

The worthy geutieman did lose his life. 

Tam afraid our Poet puts false colours on the death 
of Sir John Gray, to palliate King Edward’s mar- 
tiage with the widow. Sir John Gray was slain at 
the last battle of St. Alban’s, by the power of King 
Edward, as Hall expressly says: so that he was in 
Queen Margaret's army, and really slain on the 
quarrel of Lancaster. 

Queen Elizabeth, in Richard, is reproached with 
this by Gloucester, p. 307 : 

In all which time you and your husband Gray 
Were factious for the house of Lancaster : 
Was not your husband 
In Marg’ ret’s battle at St. Alban’s slain ? 
P. 241, Until the misshap’d trunk, that bears this head, 
Be round-impaled with a glorious crown. 

Sure, there is something wrong here, in Richard's 
talking of the trunk being impaled with the crown 
instead of his head. Dr. Thirlby would cure it thus, 

Until the head of this misshapen trunk. 

Sed & receptd lectione nimidm distat. 
~ What if we should read, 

Until my misshap’d trunk bear’st, that this head 
Be round, &e. 
E But 


448 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


But is it, after all, an ungrammatical licence in 
our Poet? 

P. 249. 17ll join my ELDEST daughter, and my joy, 

To him forthwith, in holy wedlock- bands. 

T read, my youncer daughter. Hall in gth Ed- 
ward IV. p. 17. b. “ Edward Prince of Wales wedded 
Anne sEconp daughter to the Earl of Warwick,” &c. 
So afterwards in King Richard III. p. 296: 

For then, I "Il marry Warwick’s youscest daughter. 

What though IJ kill’d ber husband and her father ? 

i. e. Prince Edward, and King Henry VI. her fa- 
ther-in-law. The like mistake, therefore, seems to be 
made in the Play we are now upon, p. 253. 
The young Prince Edward marries Warwick’s 
* daughter. ; 
Clar. Belike, the elder: Clarence will have the YOUNGER. 

Certainly, elder and younger must here change 
pee for Clarence was in love with the elder, ie 

dy Isabel; and in reality was married to her, be- 
fore Prince Edward took the Lady Anne to wife. 
Hall, 7th Edw. IV. 

P. 255. His soldiers lurking in the Town about. 

I read, towns. So, in the subsequent page, 

But why commands the King 
That his chief followers lodge in Towns about him. 

P. 268. That’s notmy fear; my MEED hath gotme fame. 

In yours of the 14th, dear Sir, you propose DEED. 
Iam for the text as it is; and think that meed in 
our Shakespeare sometimes signifies merit, as’ well 
as the reward of it. So above, at p. 212: 

That we the sons of brave Plantagenet, 
Each one already blazing by our MEEDS. 
‘And so in Timon, p. 110: 
No MEeD but he repays 
Sev’nfold above itself. 

P. 271. The King was slyly fingered from the DECK. 

I had long ago read pack with you; and have 
amassed a number of parallel places, where our Au- 
thor employs the metaphor of carding, and playing 
at dice. 


P.273. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 449 


P. 273. Look here, I throw my infamy at thee. 

The old quarto has a marginal note, very neces- 
sary to be inserted ; viz. “ taking the red rose out of 
his hat, and throwing it at Warwick.” : 


P. 282. Where is that DEVIL’s butcher Richard? 
T read, “ devil-butcher;” 7. e. devilish, execrable, 


P. 283, —————_——- Rosciius now to act? 
Iam exceedingly pleased with the justness and 
accuracy of your note here, 


P. 284, And if the rest be true which I have heard, 
Thou cam’ st. 

This is a very ridiculous blank, and, methinks, 
Editors of small sagacity might have ventured to fill it 
up with certainty. The old quarto leads them part 
of the way, 

Thou cam’st into the world ; 
And I will make bold thus to complete the verse : 
WITH THY LEGS FORWARD. 

This is so certain, that, unless we suppose Henry 
to reproach him with this his preposterous birth, 
how can Richard in the very next page say, 

Indeed, ’tis true what Henry fold me of : 
For I have often heard my mother say, 
I came into the world with my legs forward. 


P. 285, Let hell make crook’d my mind, to answer it. 
After this verse the old quarto adds, 

Thad no father; 1 am like no father: 

I have no brother, &c. 


Ibid. And triumph, Henry! in THE day of doom. 
The Editor, sure, thinks that Richard means 
King Henry should triumph at the ast day, in his 
resurrection. — But no such piety is intended,— 
I read, 
And triumph, Henry, in Tay day of doom. 
He says, he will drag the King’s body into another 
room, and triumph in his destruction. \ 
P, 286. K. Epw. Thanks, noble Clarence; worthy 
brother, thanks, 
VOL. II. 26 The 


450 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


The old quarto places this much more properly, 
in my opinion, to the QuEEn. 
There remains one passage, that I have overlooked, 
and then I have.done with this Play: 
P, «4... I will not bandy with thee word for word, 
But BUCKLER with thee blows twice two forone. 
But to buckler is to defend, which certainly, 
is not Clifford’s meaning. And in that sense we 
have the word afterwards, Act III. Se. 3, at p. 245: 
that did ever fence the right, 
Now BucKLER falshood with a pedigree, 
We must therefore read, 
But BUCKLE with thee blows. 
ive. cope, struggle with thee, give thee four blows 
for one. So, 1 Henry VI. p. 14: 
In single combat thou shalt BUCKLE with me. 


And, p. 65, 


All our gen’ral force 
Might with a sally of the very town 
Be BUCKLED with. 

And, p. 77; 

And Hell too strong for me to BUCKLE with. 

I ought to acknowledge, dearest Sir, the great 
favour in your last, of the fine dissertation continued 
on the passage in Hamlet: but you must indulge me 
to make some few alterations here and there, other- 
wise it will come from me in the ill light of self- 
praise, rather than in defence of me. 

You have anticipated, by your fine accuracy, my 
mention of that egregious chronological blunder in 
Coriolanus: but it is infinite satisfaction to me, every 
where to be confirmed by your concurrence, 

My conjecture on the hemistich of the First Part 
of Henry VI. shall begin mine of next post. 

Iam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and ever 
obliged friend and humble servant, 

Lew. THEOBALD, 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 451 


LETTER XLII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Jan. 29, 1729-30. 
Pursuant to promise in my last, of the 27th in- 
stant, I open this with my conjecture on the hemis- 
tich, as you desire. But I beg you will not be so 
partial as to give it any weight it has not in your 
real opinion; for I have no fondness for any thing in 
this work, any farther than as it bears the appear- 

ance of being right, or probable. A 

1 Henry VI. p. 7: | 
A far more glorious star thy soul will make, 

Than Julius Cesar, or bright 
I wonder Mr. Pope, when he advanced his con- 
jecture, did not Sindedltcate to reinforce the probabi- 
lity of it, from the accident of Drake rhyming to 
the line immediately preceding; a custom so familiar 
with our Poet at the close of his speeches. But to 
come to a little notice of the Editor's reasoning for 
the chasm left. As to anachronisms, I have already 
spoken at large upon the licence of Shakespeare, and 
ramatic Poets of all times and countries, commit- 
ting them. And I can scarce think any Critic would 
have struck out this particular absurdity in favour 
of our Author's judgment, and yet left the mention 


———. 


of Machiavel standing in the Merry Wives of Wind- 


sor, and twice in these Histories of King Henry VI. 
the action of which several Plays lies in reigns earlier 
much than the birth of that Politician. Then, as 
you observe, the star of some deified person is neces- 
sary, to match with that of Julius Cesar. Besides, I 


shave another strong exception to Sir Francis Drake 


being mentioned. I would observe, that: the Poet 
always shewed an intention rather to pay a compli- 
ment to his Royal Mistress, than to any of her sub- 

Rr 262 jects ; 


452 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


jects: and even when he throws in that to the Earl of 
Essex, above remarked on in Henry V, heat the same 
time makes an honourable mention of the Queen. 
Buthow this hemistich mighthave been oncesupplied 
is now the question. Some hard name, in my opi- 
nion, filled up this chasm, which, either from the 
badness of the transcript, or their own ignorance, 
the first Editors could not make out ; and so chose 
to leave a blank for it. How then shall we hope to 
make it out at the distance of near a century and a 
half? The utmost we can pretend to is conjecture; 
but that conjecture has the best chance to be es- 
poused, which is backed with the best shew of rea- 
son, or probability. 
My suspicion is, that the first reading was this: 
‘A far more glorious star thy soul will make 
Than Julius Cesar, or bright Cassiopeia. 
But may it not be asked, how came our Poet so 
rticularly acquainted with that constellation ¢ 
“Tt happened that, in November 1572, the 15th 
year of Queen Elizabeth’s reign, in the Northern Con-: 
stellation called Casstopera, at the back of her chair, 
the people began to observe a phenomenon in the 
skies, which resembled astar, because it was very clear, 
and had a fixed place among the stars. It was found 
by the astronomers to be above the moon; was 
much brighter than the planet Jupiter; and seemed 
as big as Venus when she appears at biggest; never 
changed its place, but continued resplendent ; and 
was carried about with the diurnal motion of the 
heavens, as other fixed stars are, for sixteen months 
together. I supposed therefore (subjoins our Chro- 
nologer) that the signification thereof is directed 
urposely and specially to some matter, not natural, 
ut celestial, or rather super-celestial, so strange as 
from the beginning of the world never was the like*.” 
But as extraordinary appearances have in all 


* History of Queen Elizabeth, p. 1257, c, a,—and Mezeray’s 
History of Charles X1, of France. Z 
times 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 453 


times been politically considered, the superstitious 
or artful expounders of the times, I dente not, 
construed this meteor to portend something very 
signal to the glory of Queen Elizabeth’s reign. And 
as the duration of its appearance in brightness was 
sixteen months, or little less ; so exactly in the six- 
teenth year from thence (viz. 1588) was the Invin- 
cible Armada of the Spaniards (as they boastingly 
called it) destroyed by the English Fleet, Upon 
this, the comments on that phenomenon might very 
well be again revived; and the compliments, before 
presaged to attend the Queen’s reign, fixed by that 
memorable and glorious victory. As this Play was 
wrote soon after that period, I think the Author 
might shew no bad address, in signifying, that Cas- 
SIOPEIA, a star portending the renown of his mistress, 
was as bright and illustrious as that star, which 
marked the deification of Julius Cesar. And to me 
it seems a much better national compliment, to sig- 
nalize a phenomenon, whose presages and effects 
were supposed so glorious; than to make a star of 
Sir Francis Drake (who did not die till after this 
piece had made its appearance) only for some disco- 
veries in America. Will it be of any significance to 
hint too, in support of this conjecture, that Cassio- 
peia is described sitting in a chair by the astrono- 
mical 4 Jornal as Queen Elizabeth is described 
by our Poet, in his Midsummer Night’s Dream, 
A fair vestal throned by the West? 

And now, dear Sir, to go on to Richard III. a 
Play that, unless Shakespeare’s, would be as exe- 
crable to me as the character of its Hero. My con- 
jectures upon it are very few; so I have little to offer 
you but those omissions which the Editor has thought 
fit to make. _I am sorry it was not of a better 
stamp, and more worthy of observation, because I 
have so many old copies of this Play ; viz. both the 
folio editions, the following quartos, in 1597, 1598, 
1602, 1612, 1629, and 1634. 

P. 292. 


454 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
P, 292. After ‘ 


Clarence closely be mew’d up ——— 
all the old books add, 
About a prophecy which says that G 
~ Of Edward’s heirs the murderer shall be. 
P. 295. While kites and buzzards pay at liberty. 
All the old books prey. So in p. 306: 
That wrens make pkey where eagles dare not perch.’ 
P. 305. Smile in men’s faces, smooTu, deceive, and 
cog. 
Annon potiis, sooru. 
Sooru the devil that I warn thee from ; p. 312. 
P. 306. Against my children, nrorHEerR, and myself. 
Had the Chien but one brother? there are several 
passages which seem to speak for more: 
P. 305. Between the Duke of Gloucester and your 
: BROTHERS. 
P. 333, And the Queen’s sons and BROTHERS, haughty, 
i proud, &c. 
And p. 37... Where is thy husband now ?—Where be 
thy BROTHERS ? 
P. 307. What! threat you me, &c. 
This speech is augmented by the old copies 
What! threat you me with telling of the King? 
Tell him and spare not : look, what I have said 
I will avouch in presence of the King: 
I dare adventure to be sent to th’ Tow’r. 
Tis time, &c. 
P. 310. The sLave of Nature, and the son of Hell. 
Should it not be, sHame? I have no idea what 
he means by, ¢he slave of Nature. 
P. 312. 


For curses never pass 
The lips of those that breathe them in the air. 
Obscure to me. 


P. 314, How now, my HANDY, stout. 
All my old books, HARDY. 
P. 320. If you are hir’d for NEED. 
All my old books, mrxp. 
So, p. 322, the First Murderer says, 
And when I have my MEED, I must anne 
. 325. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 455 


P. 325. OF you, Lord Woodville, ‘and Lord. Scales, 
of you. , 

I cannot think who Lord Rivers is, mentioned 
just above: and Anthony Woodville, the Queen’s 
brother, was Lord. Rivers, as also Lord Seales in 
right of his wife, an heiress. Of which marriage 
we heard before, p. 251. . This line is wanting in all 
the old quartos, though it finds a place in the first 
folio. 


P. 340, Death makes no conquest of His conqueror. * 

Quarto, 1597, reads, ruis, as I had conjecturally 
restored it in my printed book. 

Ibid. Short summer LicuTLy has a forward spring. 

Will lightly signify commonly, ordinarily, as I 
think, the sense requires? One of my ‘quartos (but 
not till the year 1634) reads, LIKELY. 


P. 348. A knot you are of damned bloodsuckers, 

After this the first folio gives Vaughan a line, 
without which he does not speak at all : 

You live, that shall cry woe for this hereafter. 

P. 355. after 

Look for the news that the Guildhall affords, 
there follow these three lines in the first folio, which 
Mr. Pope has left out : 

Rich, Go, Lovel, with all speed, to Doctor Shaw ; 

Go then to Friar Penker; bid them bot 

Meet me within this hour at Baynard’s Castle. 

Now will Tin, &e. 

P. 364. Enter the Queen, Anne Duchess of Glouces- 

ter, the Duchess of York. 

I think to this entrance ought to be added, 

Enter the Queen, Anne Duchess of Gloucester, 

leading Clarence’s young daughter, &c. 

Who else can be meant, in the first Hoe ee the 
old Duchess of York’s niece Plantagenet ? e see 
this young lady above, at p. 327; and again we 
hear of her at p. 372: 

The son of Clarence have I close pent up : 

His daughter meanly have I match’d in marriage. 

; P. 364 


456 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 364. to greet the tender PRINCEY 
T read, PRINCES; as seven lines lower, 
To gratulate the gentle PRINCEs there, 
P. 373. Jove’s Mercury, AND herald for a king. 
I think rather, we should read, 
Jove’s Mercury ’s AN herald for a king. 
P. 374, If any antient sorrow be most reverent. 
All my old copies leave out, any. 
P. 375. After 
Preys on the issue of his mother’s body ! 
all the old copies whatever add, 
And makes her pew-fellow with others moan! 
P. 380. Canst thou DEVISE to any child of mine, 
All the books, pEmisE. 
P. 392. After 
This is All Souls’ day, fellows, is it not? 
Sher. It is, my Lord; ; 
all the old copies add, 
Why then All Souls’ day is my body’s Domesday, 


Ibid. So, after 


they all add, 
This, this All Souls’ day to my fearful soul 
Is the determin’d, &c. 
P, 400. I died for HopE, ere I could lend thee am, 
I read, ‘I died for HoPE;” i. e. for attempting to 
give thee help. 
P. 407. Take it, enjoy it, and make vusE of it. 
All the books read, make mucu of it. 


And so much for Richard the Third, and this 
Fifth Volume. 

Yours, dear Sir, is come to hand (No, 15) dated 
the 26th instant, in which I am obliged for your 
answer to my queries on Henry V. and Part the 
First of Henry VI. 

As I have a little room left here (and too little to 
begin another Play) I will beg leave to reply to the 
emendation on Julius Cesar, iv. 3, you were so kind 
to subjoin ; 


whom most I trusted, 


What 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 457 


What vinwain touch’d his body, that did stab, 
And not for justice ? 

I agree with you, that Brutus had not a bad opi- 
nion of any of his fellow-conspirators: and yet I 
have never suspected the text here to be faulty. 

I believe, dear Sir, Brutus was intended to say here, 
which of us all is sucha villain, that, in stabbing 
Cesar, he had any other motive in his heart than 
that of doing it for justice sake? The question, in 
my opinion, argues no suspicion that he thought 
there was such a villain amongst them ; but rather 
carries an affirmation that there was no such. I will 
give you two instances from our Poet, exactly pa- 
rallel in the manner of expression. In this very Play 
afterwards, p. 357 : 

Brut. Yet, countrymen; oh, yet, hold up your heads. 
Cat. What BasTaRp doth not? 

Or, as I read, DAsTaRD, 

And so again Richard III, p. 407: 

What TRAITOR hears me, and says not, Amen? 

I submit the interpretation and authorities to you; 
and am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and ever 
obliged humble servant, Lew. THeosatp. 


LETTER XLIII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warzsurrton. 


Dear Sr, Wyan’s Court, Jan. 31, 1729-30. 
I have this instant perused with pleasure’ yours 
(No. 16) of the 28th instant; and had. just sketched 
out my observations and enquiries on Henry the 
Eighth. Your accuracy, I find, has anticipated me 
in several corrections, which I shall mention to you 
as I proceed with this Play; however, I have no 
scanty crop to glean after you. 
I begin with the Prologue: 
Be sad, as we would make you. Think YE SEE 


_ The very persons of our noble story. al 


458 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


All the other couplets are’strictly rhymes. Now 
story, in the second verse, being a word that has its 
accent on the penultimo, requires that which we 
call the double rhyme. 1 therefore make no doubt 
to read the first line thus: 

Be sad as we would make you. Think BEFORE YE. 


There is another corruption of the same sort. in 
the Epilogue, which I cannot cure to my satisfac- 
tion: ’ 

For this Play at this time, is only in 
The merciful construction of good WOMEN. 

It is evident, I think, some double rhyme is want- 

ing, that may chime to women. : 
“Pp. 7. An untimely ague 
Staid me a pris’ner 

I think this circumstance greatly shews the art o 
our Poet, that the spectators might be informed of 
this great solemnity; that it might be related to 
Buckingham, who, by this indisposition, is sup- 
posed to be unacquainted with what had passed. 

P. 8. Each follow’ng day 

Became the NExT day’s master, till the LasT 
Made former wonders, its. 

I think we must either transpose thus: 

Became the Last day’s wonder, till the NEXT — 
or, if we are to understand, by next day's, the day 
next immediately preceding, then it appears to me, 
the sense should require us to read, 

Made former WOND’RERS, its. 

Ibid. Buck. All was royal, &c. 

This we had cured exactly as you do. 

P. 9. Out of HIs SELF-DRAWN web; 

Should we not read, 

Out of HIMSELF DRAWING web ; —— 
Whence has he that ? 
If not from hell, 
This too I had pointed long ago exactly with you. 
P. 10, By this so sicKEN’D their estates, that never 
They shall abound as formerly. 
Methinks 


Ibid. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 459 


Methinks, the antithesis would be stronger, if we 
_ might suppose the Poet wrote sLacKEn’D, 

Ibid. Grievingly I think. 

I point this with a comma. 

P. 11. ——-—— a Beggar’s book 

Outworths a Noble’s blood. 

I do not know whether our Poet does not allude 
toa reply of Dr. Pace’s (once a Secretary to Hen: 
the Eighth, and mentioned at page 37 of our Pla y, 
in his book De fructu Doctrine, and which is like- 
wise transmitted in Camden’s Remains, p. 359: 

“ A Nobleman of this time, in contempt of learning, 
said, that it was for Noblemen’s sons enough to wind 
their horn, and carry their hawk fair, and to leave 
study and learning to the children of mean men.” 
To whom the aforesaid Richard Pace replied, 
« Then you and other Noblemen must be content, 
that your children may wind their horns and keep 
their hawks, while the children of mean men do 
manage matters of estate.” 

P. 14. Tam the shadow of poor Buckingham ; 

Whose figure ev’n this instant cloud puts ON, 
By dark’ning my clear sun. 

Should not this be, “ puts our?” The figure of a 
shadow is blotted out by the interposition of a black 
cloud. 


P. 15. A noise, WITH crying, —— 


The first folio reads, : 
A noise WITHIN, crying, 
P. 16. ~_—_-———— but you frame 
Things, that are known ALIkE ; which are not 
wholesome 


To those which would not know them, &c, 

This was a little obscure to us; and therefore we 
guessed, 

—_—_—_——— but you frame 

Things that are known, BE LIke, which, &e: 
Ibid. -——————- in what kind, let’s know 

In this exaction ? 
We must read, with the first folio, “ ts.” ~ 
. 18. 


460 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 

P. 18. —— with a root, thus hack’t f 

I had here corrected the pointing with you. , 

P. 20. under the comMission’s seal, 

This, as you very justly observe, is. nonsense; 
and I had corrected it. You would read, commu- 
nion. I restore conresston’s seal, And my au- 
thority is Holinshed, p. 863. .¢. 2: 

“ The Duke in talk told the Monk, that he had 
done very well to bind his Chaplain John De la 
Court, under the seal of conression, to keep secret 
such matter; for, if the King should come to the 
knowledge thereof, it would be his destruction.” 

Ibid. You charge not in your spleen a noble person, 

And spoil your noble soul. 

The first folio reads, much more elegantly, 

your NOBLER soul, 

P. 21. Men into such strange MOCKERIES. 

Doubtless, an excellent emendation. 

P. 23. Sands. He may, my Lord; h’ as wherewithal ;— 

In him, 
Sparing would shew, &c, 

So I point this passage. 

P. 24. As, first, good company, good wine, good 

welcome, 
Can make good people. 

My good Sir Harry Guilford seems to include all 
these in his first article; and then gives us the drop 
as to what should follow. 

I suspect, therefore, that we should rather read, 

As first-good company, 
i.e. the best company in the land; and so we have 
all we want in those three particulars. 

P. 25. For my little cuz. Let me alone. 

The first folio, cure. _ Lord Sands, I believe, hu- 
mourously alludes to the cure of souls, 

P, 35. to be fashion’d 

Into what PitcH he please. 

T had likewise suspected this passage. You pro- 

pose Pincu. I only doubt whether Shakespeare would 
: not 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 461 


not have said, to be pinched into what fashion, rather 
than fashioned into what pinch. From the words, 
work us, lump, fashion, 1 take his allegory to be a 
quantity of dough. Ihad therefore guessed, into 
what parc he please; as housewives, you know, . 
may mould their dough into what batch of bread 
they think fit, and size the loaves, ad libitum. 


P. 38, —_-——- - though ’t be temporal, 
Yet if that QuARREL, Fortune, do diyorce 
It from the bearer, 
Is quarrel to be taken here in the sense of shaft, 
arrow? Or does it mean, if Fortune once come to 
quarrel with our pomp, and so divorce it from us? 


P. 40. 


and high NoTEs 

Ta’en of your many virtues ; —— 
I read, 
and high NOTE ’s —— 


P. 47. The Bosom of my conscience. 
Dr. Thirlby would have, Borrom. I do not see a 
‘strong necessity for the change. 


Ibid. a little higher : 
on my honour, 

I speak, my good Lord Cardinal, to this point ; 
_ _ And thus far clear him. 

I do not think our Poet meant this should be ad- 
dressed to Wolsey. The King has already set him 
at large; and, upon his honour, that he excuses him 
from all suggestions and promptings in the divorce: 
so that now, I conceive, he turns himself to the 
Court, protesting that what he said to justify the 
Cardinal, is real truth. I therefore point it thus: 
on my honour 

I speak my good Lord Cardinal to this point ; 

And thus far clear him. 
z.e. upon my honour, I speak to the good conduct 
of the Cardinal upon the point in question ; and 
clear him from any attempt, or wish, to stir that 
business. 


P, 48. 


462. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
P, 48. 


I then mov'd you, : 
My Lord of Canterbury, and got your leave 
To make this present summons unsolicited, 

I am surprized that this strange piece of nonsense 
carapes your sagacity. What, did the King move 
the Bishop, nay, and so move him as to get his leave, 
and yet no soliciting in the case? 

Tam sure you will read with me: 

——_—— present summons. Unsolicited 
T left no rev’rend person in this Court, &c. 
And so all is rational and easy. 


You say, dear Sir, it is very evident that the 
first Scene of Act III. should be the last Scene 
of Act Il. I own, I want a little farther conviction 
in this point; and will proceed to my reasons why. 
The Court, you know, 1s held at Black-friars; and, 
without the interval of an Act supposed, there is 
very scanty time allowed for the Queen to get into 
her apartment in the Palace, let it be never so near 
(and A the Eighth’s Court, if I remember, was, 
at this time, at Bridewell); much less, without such 
an interval, can the two Cardinals, who remain on 
the stage till the very end of the Second Act (as the 
books now place it), arrive from their Court to the 
_ Queen in the compass of one single page. 

A second consideration too I have to offer (second, 
indeed, in its importance), and that is, the Second 
Act will be extended to the length of 27 pages, and 
the Third reduced to 14. 

P. 50. They should be good men, their affairs ARE 

righteous ; —— 

I would read, as, with the first folio, 2 e. their 
affairs should be as righteous as their function. 


We are to CurRE such sorrows, not to sow ’em. 
There is not that consonancy in the two meta- 
phors that I could wish, I read, 
We are to EARE such sorrows, not to sow ’em. 
So we have weeding up in opposition to sowing. 
And in this sense the word again recurs in An- 
thony and Cleopatra, p. 10: 
And 


_ THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 468 


And our ill told us 
Is as our EARING. 


P. 56. Marry this is but young. 
First folio, y 
Marry, this is yeT but young. 

- LT :should not trouble you with this trifling varia- 
tion; but that I have a mind, once for all, to ob- 
serve to you upon the false nicety of Mr: Pope's ear. 
Ithink I may venture to say, he does not seem to 
know the licence of our Shakespeare’s numbers ; or, 
indeed, the licence of all English versification, in 
common with that of other languages. I need not 
hint to you, that marry, this, is plainly an ana- 
pest, and equal to a spondée, or foot of two sylla- 
bles; but I shall take the liberty to. remind our 
Editor of the Pes proceleusmaticus in Homer, Vir- 
gil, &c, and shew him we have usages equivalent in 
our Poetry. 


Ibid. Hath left the cause ro TH’ King unhandled. 

The first folio, rectizs, o° Tn’. 

P. 57. A widow to Prince Arthur. 

The first folio, rectitis, anp widow 

P. 58. Enter King, reading of a Schedule. 

We must add, and Lovel; for, in the next page, 
we find the King whispering him. 

P. 60. and with Tus deed did crown 

The first folio reads, u1s, with you. 

Ibid. ——_____—__—_—_—. My endeavours 

Have ever come, &c. 

As there is a little variation from the first folio, I 
will give you the passage as I find it there, for your 
Judgement : 


My endeavours 
Have ever come too short of my desires, 
Yet, fil'd with my abilities: mine own ENDS 
Have been mine so, that evermore, &c. 
P. 61, ——— O negligence! 
Fit for 2 fool.to fall by. ‘ 
1 point 


464 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I point thus : 


O negligence, 
Fit for a fool to fall by! 
P, 64, ————-—— Ile startle you 
Worse than the scarine bell. —— 

Now is it not wonderful that Mr. Pope (who is a 
Roman Catholic, if any thing, in Religion) should 
know so little of the sacrine bell, as to substitute 
this tautological silly epithet instead of it, in oppo- 
sition to the best copies? 

Ibid. To Gregory de Cassa is. 

The first folio, Hall, and Holinshed, all call him, 
Cassapo. 

P. 65. To forfeit all your goods, lands, tenements, 

CasTLeEs, and whatsoever, and /o be 
Out of the King’s protection, 

I read, cuarrets. And my reason is this. Be- 
cause (as our Law-books inform us) the judgment in 
a Writ of Pramunire is, that the defendant shall be 
from thenceforth out of the King’s protection, and 
his lands and tenements, goods and cuatre.s for- 
feited to the King, and that his body shall remain 
in prison at the King’s pleasure. 

P. 68. ————— hope to win IT. 

You were not far wide of the mark, when you 
advised me to read, win 1n Tr; for I had before cor- 
rected, from the first folio, win BY ’T. 


And now, dear Sir, as here is a proper place for 
rest, I will take the opportunity of releasing you for 
the present, 

e series of Plays to come will furnish such con- 
tinued delight, that, spite of the necessity for finish- 
ing, I shall regret my task being finished; but have 
the pleasure to foresee that matter may offer to occa- 
-s the continuation of confessing myself, dearest 

ir, 

Your most affectionate and ever obliged humble 
servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 465 


LETTER XLIV. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan’s Court, Feb. 3, 1729-30. 
Before I proceed to the remaining two Acts of 
Henry the Eighth, give me leave to trouble you 
with une petite dissertation, a few lines concerning 
a most ingenious conjecture you lately favoured me 
with on this passage of Henry the Fifth, p. 453: 


old AssyniANn slings, 


T own, I was charmed with your guess of Ba.e- 
ARIAN; it struck me with so strong an appearance 
of its being right. But, though I could easily fill 
this sheet with a parade of collected learning, in 
proof that the Balearick Islanders were not. only 
most expert at the sling, but by many Authors have 
been called the inventors of it; yet I have some 
doubts, with regard to the certainty of the latter 
‘assertion, hanging about me; which you, or nobody, 
will be able to clear me of: and I have likewise a 
few passages to submit to. your consideration, which 
as yet seem to me strong in support of our Author's 
text as we found it. 

First, Though Salmasius (from Isidore, I suppose), 
and some others, have derived the name oF these 
people from the obsolete verb balio (seu Banaw, ja- 
cio); 1 find Bochart* absolutely against this defini- 
tion; and he tells us, that their name descended 
from the Hebrew Baal-jaro, magister jaculandi, 
seu projiciendi lapides. This, indeed, makes no- 
thing against your fine conjecture: only, please to 
take notice at present of the propinquity of the word 
to the Hebrew fountain. 


* Geograph. p. 633. 


VOL. II. Qu Secondly, 


466 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Secondly, I would propose to your consideration 
this passage of Strabo*, speaking of those Islanders: 
Spws [Pevdovjras apicos Aeyovras xa ror’ yjoxyoay, 
ws Pact, diaGepovrwc, sore POI'NIKED xaréoyov 
ras vyeec. So that the Balearians seem, in Strabo’s 
opinion, not to have been original in their‘art of 
Singing ; but to have derived their excellence from 
the instruction of the Pheenicians. This, however, 
leads but a small way towards the justification of 
Assyrian slings. Pliny-{ will conduct us a good way 
more towards the East, in his chapter concerning, 
Que quis invenerit in Vita.—Syroruanicas, ba 
listam & ¥uNDaM. And Syrophonicé, you know, 
went up as high as Damascus. cat oa 

Thirdly, To this I would add, that Xenophon f, 
speaking of slingers, will carry the science as far 
as Persia (a httle farther than is requisite for our 
purpose). ie ab i yap of re “Podios ray TIEPSQ"N 
erdevddvnv, xal trav waAciswy toEordv. So that, 
though the Rhodians could sling the stone farthest, 
the PeRétiot were likewise sLInGERs at that time. 
And so little commerce had that Oriental people 
then with the Mediterranean, or any part of Europe, 
that they can scarce be presumed to have borrowed 
the invention from the Balearick Islands. 

Besides, fourthly, To take a little Scripture along 
with us. Slinging must have obtained greatly in 
those Eastern parts, if we but reflect that, so early as 
the date of El’s government over Israel, the chil- 
dren of Benjamin brought out of Gibeah no less than 
700 chosen men, that could stine stones at an hair's 
breadth. And, if you please to remember, in the 
story of Judith § (the scene of whose action is sup- . 
posed to have fallen about the period of Antiochus 
the Great, or the book, at least (if only éypieal) to 
have been penned about that time, the very Assy- 


* Lib. III. edit. Casauboni, p. 167. 
+ Nat. Hist. ¢. 57. ¢ Anabas, § Judith, ix. 7. 
RIANS 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. ‘467 


RIANs are said to be a multitude in their power, that 
trust in shield and spear, and bow and sxine. 

From these loose hints I submit to your judg- 
ment, dear Sir, what I am to determine on this 
point: whether to conclude, that Assyrian slings 
might be the term used by our Author, or the cor- 
ruption of his unknowing Editors. 

And now I return to order. 

P. 74. So may he rest, his faults lie buried with him! 

This I take to be a sophisticated reading of the 
Players. The first editions have it, 
he gently on him! 

A wish that I think very nearly alludes to that of 
the Latins: Sié tibi terra levis! ‘ 

The opposition of this wish we find frequently re- 

ted to Richard the Third by the ghosts that fright 
im in his sleep: 
I will lie hewoy on thy soul to-morrow. 


Ibid. 


one that by suggestion 
Ty d all the kingdom : — 
I own, I do not clearly understand this expression. 
P. 75. Men’s evil manners liye in brass; their virtues 
We write in water. 

Besides the phrase of writing in water being pro- 
verbial both in Greek and Latin Authors (of which 
we have authorities in Erasmus’s Adag. p. 321,) 
the whole clothing of this sentiment has so much 
the air of the antique, that I suspect it an imitation, 
though I cannot recollect from whence. 

P. 77. And of an earthly cold? 

The first folio, earthy; but, as I before have 
hinted, I am afraid our Author uses both terms 
without distinction. 

P. 79. I did, Sir Thomas, left him at Primero, &c. 

Mr. Pope's nice ear cannot dispense with a synize- 
sis in the word Thomas, so has left out the copulative, 
AND left him at Primero. 

P. 80. Much weightier than this worp. 
The first folio, work. 
2H2 P. 85. 


468 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 85, Enter KEEPER. 
‘Fhe scene here is not before a prison, but the 
council-chamber. 1 would chuse, therefore, with 
‘Mr. Pope's leave, to read, 


Enter DOOR-KEEPER. 


Ibid. Pray Heav’n, he rounD not my disgrace. 

The first folio, I think better, sounp. 

P. 86. ’Tis well there’s one above’em yET. I thought, 

&e. 
__ My suspicion here is not of much importance; or 
T should nod to read, 
*Tis well there ’s one above ’em.—YeET I thought, 
&e. 
but we all are men 
In our own natures FRAIL, and capable 
Of FRAILTY, few are angels; 

I cannot help thinking this very absurd expres- 
sion to define, that men are frail in their natures ; 
and not only so but capable of frailty. If they were 
not, how could they be frail? Sure, something 
is amiss. I could, with a very slight variation, give 
both sense and sentiment to the passage, without 
the present seeming absurdity ; but I will not ven- 
ture to vouch for the legitimacy of my conjecture: 
but we all are men 

In our own natures frail, and CULPABLE ; 
Tuoss frailty-FREE are angels: 

Ibid. Tow'rd the King first, then his laws, in filling. 

An ear of much less harmony than Mr. Pope's 
cannot but determine safely that we ought to restore, 
from the first folio, 

Toward the King first, then, &c. 
P. 89. Cuam. Then thus for you, my Lord: it stands 
agreed, 
I take it, by all voices, &c. 

Though I am very little acquainted with the prac- 
tice and regulations of a Council-chamber; yet, sure, 
I think, this speech ought rather to belong to the 
Cuancettor, than Lord Chamberlain. 4 

y 


P. 87. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 469 


By the way, at p. 86, where it is said, Enter 
Lord Chancellor, 1 think we ought to add, Enter 
Str Tuomas More, Lord Chancellor ; since, at p- 
67, we find that he succeeded Cardinal Wolsey in 
that high office; and accordingly his name ought to 
be entered in the Dramatis Persone. 4 


P. 90. One that in all obedience makes the Church 
The chief aim of his honour, and to strengthen 
That holy duty or our dear respect, 
His royal self, &c. 

From a small variation in the text in the first fo- 
lio, it seems evident to me that this passage ought to 
be corrected and pointed in the following manner : 

» One that in all obedience makes the Church 

The chief aim of his honour; and, to strengthen 
That holy duty, ouT oF dear respect 
His royal self, &c. 

P. 94. And here you lie baiting of nomBarps, 

So Tempest, p. 35: 

Looks like a foul BUMBARD that would shed his 
liquor. 

And 1 Henry IV. p. 220: 

that huge BomparD of sack, &c. 
I know nothing that the word bombard signifies but 
a great murdering piece of ordnance ; though, in 
all these three passages, it should mean some large 
vessel for the reception of liquor.. Was there ever 
any such expression as a bumbard of drink, as at 
Oxford they have what they call a Gun of ale? See 
Ben Jonson's Art of Poetry. 


P. 97. Would I had known no more: but she must die, 
She must, the Saints must have her; yet a 
virgin, 
A most unspotted lilly, &c. 

The first part of this is a wish; the other should 
be a sorrowful continuation of the Bishop's pro- 
phecy; but sure, Cranmer was too wise and pious a 
man, too’ well acquainted with the state of mortality, 
to make that a part of his lamentation, that this good 

Princess 


470 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Princess must one time or other die, and go to 
Heaven. 

The Poet, I am confident, had no such weak 
meaning; and I make no doubt but you will be able 
to read with me, thus: 

?Would I had known no more! But she must die, 
She must, the Saints must have her yet a virgin ; 
&e. ; 

This is a fine compliment to the memory of his 
. Royal Mistress, to lament.that she must die without 
leaving an Heir of her body behind her. 


Ibid. 


To you, my good Lord Mayor, 
And you good brethren, I am much beholden :— 
Who is it that the King is made to call here good 
brethren? A Crowned Head, I think, never ad- 
dresses the top of the Nobility beyond the style of 
Cousins and Counsellors. 1 would read, 
: To you, my good Lord Mayor, 
And your good brethren, &c. 2 
i.e. the Aldermen. And we see, at p. 95, two Al- 
dermen (as representatives of their Body) precede the 
Mayor at the Christening. 


I have now done with this Play ; and, as I have 
so very little room to spare, I will not attempt to en- 
ter upon another here. 

We are now come to the Tragedies; and if, by a 
failure of memory from having no copies of my own 
Letters to set me right, 1 should impertinently trou- 
ble you with communicating some observations twice 
over, you will have the goodness to forgive it. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, 

Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 471 


LETTER XLY. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 5, 1729-30. 

I Jast night received the very great pleasure of 
three of yours (Nos. 17, 18, 19), two of the 
3ist of January, and the other of the 2d instant. 

This will reach you with another of mine, No. 16, 
which I proposed to have dispatched away by last 
Tuesday’s post; but, considering that some of my 
former numbers had not yet reached you, I con- 
cluded you did not want it in haste. 

I proceed now, dear Sir, with Timon; I mean, 
such part as your accurate observation has left un- 
cleared to me. 

Dram. Pers. The hint of part of this Play taken. 

I think, it might be acknowledged that the hint 
of other part of this Play is taken from two passages 
in Plutarch, in the Lives of Alcibiades and Mark 
Anthony. 

P. 101. It wears, Sir, as it GOEs. 

Thus we had long ago corrected with you. 

P. 102. And like the current flies 

Each bound it CHASES. 

How, chases?—The flood, indeed, beating up 
upon the shore, covers a part of it, but cannot be 
said to drive the shore away. TI read, 

Each bound it CHAFES. 

As soon as the wave breaks and foams, the water 
seems to the eye to retire. 

So, Lear, p. 430: 


The murm’ring surge 
That on th’ unnumber'd idle pebbles cHAres. 
And so, Julius Cesar, p. 290: 
The troubled Tiber cHarine with his shores, &c. 
Ibid, The senators of Athens! Happy MEN. 
I read, Happy man ! i. e. Timon, happy in being 
followed and caressed by those of that rank and dignity : 
P. 103. 


472 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 103. In a wide sea of wax. 

I have but a very imperfect idea of this expression, 
Does the Poet allude to the smooth surface of the 
Crerez tabule ad scribendum? 

Ibid. ——_—— ’Tis conceiv’d, to scope 

This throne, this fortune. 

Either I am over-dull, or this is nonsense: if 

sense, at least not the Poet’s. I would read it thus: 
‘ *Tis conceiv’d To’ TH’ SCOPE: 

i. e. rem acu tetigisti. The Painter, having heard 
the Poet explain his invention, would say, “ your 
fancy reaches the very scope, and purpose, that you 
aim at.” 

P. 105. Old Athen. Therefore he will be. 

What, in the name of nonsense? 

Both my old folios have it, 

Therefore he will be Timon. 

I would read, 

Therefore he’ll be my son! 

What, if he be honest? Honesty will be its own 
reward: It is no reason that therefore he should 
pretend to make himself my son. 

P. 106. That state or fortune. 

The first folio, 

That state or fortune. 
P. 108. Poet. How now, philosopher? 
Ape, Thou liest. 
Poet. Art thou one? 
Ape. Yes. 
We must certainly restore with the first folio, 
Art thou NOT one? 

P. 109. Tim. Ere we DEPART, &Kc. 

But, though Alcibiades was to depart, Timon was 
not. I would therefore read, 

E’er we DO PART. 
P. 110. If our betters play ‘at that game, we must 
not dare 
To imitate. Faults that are rich, are fair. 

Sure, this is counter-reasoning : or J quite mis- 
understand it. 

Pri 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 4713 


P. 111. Luc. My Lord, you take us EVEN * at the 
best. 
This, I think, should be the answer of the LapiEs 
to Timon. 
P. cod Thou wilt not hear me now, thou shalt not 
then, I’ll lock 
Thy heaven from thee. 
Is not this, dear Sir, a fine allusion to the calls of 
grace being lost, by being neglected ? ; 
P. 118. If I would sell my horse, and buy ¢en more, 
Better than he; why, give my horse to Timon: 
Ask nothing, give it him, it foals me strait 
AN able horse. 
These Editors are sometimes.so intolerably stupid, 
that I cannot help being vexed at them, 
I know, you will read with me, 
TEN able horse. 
Ibid. —_-——-—_-——————- and the cap 
Plays in the right hand :—thus but tell him. 
Stupid again! It must be pointed thus: 
and the cap 
Plays in the right hand, thus:—but tell him. 
So, in Coriolanus, p. 235: 
Go to them with ¢hy bonnet in this hand, 
And, thus far having stretch’d it, here be with 
them, &c. 
P. 121. Fool. Look you, here comes my master’s page. 
And P. 122. But they enter my maséer’s house merrily. 
In both these places we must read, mistress’s. . 
P. 124. O, my good Lord, the world is but a wortp, 
Were it all yours, to give it im a breath. 
The first folio seems to me most pertinent, worp. 
Ibid. I have retir’d me to a lonely room. 
Why is wasteful cock degraded here? I suppose, 
Mr. Pope did not know it means a solitary cock-loft. 
P. 125, With certain half-caps, and cold moving nods, 
They froze me into silence. 
We must read, cold-moving, i. e. chilling. 


* Dr. Thirlby proposes, EveR. 
- So, 


474 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


So, King John, p. 19: 
————— Draws those heav’n-moving 
Pearls from his poor eyes, &c. 


.P. 128, ——-——-— To borrow so Many talents. 
I would read, riety. P. 127: ; 
Who having great and instant occasion to use 
fifty talents, &c. 
And p. 129: } 
Requesting your Lordship to supply his instant 
use with fifty talents. 
- And Timon, when he sends his servants a’borrow- 
ing, says, p. 125: { 
Let the request be fifty talents. 
Ibid. (a little higher). Why should it thrive, and come 
to nutriment, 
._ When he is turn’d to poison. 
Mr. Pope here is so nice, to avoid a jingle. 
First folio reads, 
And TURN to nutriment. 
P. 129. That I should purchase: the day before for a 
little part, and undoe a great deal of honour. 
Notwithstanding the seeming contrast, I suspect, 
pirT, 7. e. that I should purchase a few dirty acres, 
and, &c. 


P, 130. And yet, Oh see the monstrousness of man ! 
When be looks out in an ungrateful shape, 
Thus I think the pointing must be transposed : 
And yet, Oh see the monstrousness of man, 
When he looks out in an ungrateful shape! 
P. 132. And Sir PHiLoras’s too, 
But who is he? We have Philo in the Dramatis 
Persone, but no Philotas. 
P. 133. You must consider that a PRODIGAL course 
Is like the sun’s. 
Annon melits, PRODIGAL’s course ? 


' Ibid. For which I wait for money. 
It is evident beyond contradiction, from Horten- 
sius’s answer, that we must read : 
For which you wait for money. 
P. 137. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 475 


P. 137. He did behave his anger ere *twas spent, 
I cannot at all understand this. 
Ibid. 


—————-——— And the FELLow 
Loaden with irons, wiser than the judge. 
Would not the antithesis be stronger, if we read 
FELON ? : 
P. 139. And (Nor to swell our spirit). 
What can this mean ? ‘ 
Methinks, it should either be, 
And NoTE, to swell your spirit : 
Or, 
And, BUT to swell your spirit. 
7. e. if it be only to encrease your anger, to enrage, 
vex you. p 


P. 145. But only painted like his VANIsH’D friends. 
First folio, rectidts, VARNISH’D. 
P. 147. I know thee too, and more than as I know thee, 
First folio, THarT. 
P. 148, To the rus-rasT and the diet. . 
I cannot meet with this word any where. 
P. 154. Here, I will mend thy feast. 
Tim. First, mend THY company, take away thyself. 
I read, my. : 
P. 158. Your greatest want is, you want much of MEAT. 
Most egregious stupidity ! 
We must, without question, read, 
You want much of MEET. 
i.e. of what you ought to be, as men. 
Ibid. Till the high fever seeth your blood to BrorH. 
The first folio, as I conceive, righter, rroTH. 
Ibid. The earth’s a thief, 
That feeds and breeds by a composuRE stol’n. 
First folio, composure. So, Hamlet, p. 278: 
And do not spread the compost on the weeds, 
To make them ranker. 
P. 162. While the day serves, before black-corner’d 
night ; f 
Find what thou want’st, by free and offer’d 


light. 
I think 


476 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I think there should only be a comma at night: 
and I would prefix the porr’s name to this poor 
couplet ; for why should the parnrer rhyme? 


P. 163. ’Tis thou that rigg’st the bark, and plough’st 
the FoaM, 
Settlest admired reverence in a slave. 
As both the preceding’ and subsequent couplets 
rhyme, I suspect we should read here, WAVE. 


Ibid. Let it go, NAKED men may see ’t the better: 
You that are honest, by being what you are, 
Make THEM best seen and known. e 

I think verily, if there were any room to credit 
the experiment, our Editors ought to go naked for 
the improvement of their eye-sights. 

But, perhaps, they have as little faith as judgment 
in their own readings: we will therefore venture to 
help them out thus : 

Let it go naked; men may see ’t the better: 
You that are honest, by being what you are, 
Make MEN best seen and known. 


P. 167. As common BRUTE doth put it. 
First folio, recté, BRUIT. 


Ibid. With other incident THROWs. 
We should read rather, THROEs. 


P. 168. Our hope in him is dead; let us return, 
And strain what other means is left unto us 
In our DEAD peril. 
But is it not strange, that their peril should be 
dead, because one of their hopes was dead ? 
We must certainly read with the first folio, 
In our DEaR peril : 
i. e. dread, deep.—So, Julius Cesar, p. 323: 
Shall it not grieve thee DEARER than thy death. 
As You Like It, p. 320: 
For my father hated his father DEARLY. 
Hamlet, p. 217: 
Would I had met my DEAREsT foe in heav’n, &c. 
Et alibi passim. 
Ibid, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 477 


Ibid. Thou ’st painfully discover’d; are his files 
_ As full as THEY report? 
I think, from the messenger’s answer, we ought 
to read, 
As full as THY report? 
P. 170. When crouching marrow in the bearer strong 
Cries, of itself, no more. 
I confess, I do not in any degree understand this. 
Ibid. — And by promis’d MEANS. 
Does he mean, by a supply of subsistence ? 
Or should it not rather be, 
‘————-——— And by promis’d MenDs. 
i.e. amends, reparation in conduct of their former 
ingratitude. 


March on, ob noble lord, 
Into our city with thy banners spread, 
By decimation and a tythed death ; 
Thus it seems clear to me that the pointing of this 
passage ought to be transposed : 
——————. March on, oh noble lord, 
Into our city with thy banners spread ; 
By decimation and a tythed death, 


And so much for Timon. 


The next, Coriolanus, is much my favourite: 
though I had rather it sometimes wanted of the 
sublime, so it had more of the pathos in exchange. 
I intend by next post to enter on my remarks on thie 
Play; and am, in the interim, dearest Sir, 

Your most affectionate and obliged friend and 
humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XLVI. 


To the Rev. Mr. WarsurTon. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's-court, Feb. 12, 1729-30. 

I have received the pleasure of yours (No. 20) 
dated February 3, with a kind and judicious refuta- 
tion of Cassiopeia ; and, with a just deference to 
your 


478 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


your thost convincifig reasons, I shall with great 
cheerfulness banish it as a bad and unsupported 
conjecture. I have likewise yours (No. 21) of the 
7th instant, which brings your emendations down to- 
Second Act of Hamlet: so that you have vastly got 
the start of me in your progress. 


I proceed now to Coriolanus., 


Caius Martius. — The succeeding Editions, I 
think, will do well to write Marcius: for the fa- 
mily-name was Magxiog, and not Martius, & Marte. 


P. 176. Your reason for rorKs, instead of pikes, 
in my opinion, is perfectly just. 
P. 177, ————-——-—— I will venture 
To scaLe’t a little more. 
I do not at all understand the meaning of scale 
here. I read, 
To STALE ’t a little more. 
ive. to make it a litle more stale by repetition. 
So, Anthony, p. 31: 

Age cannot wither her, nor custom STALE 

Her infinite variety. 

And Ben Jonson’s Cynthia’s Revels, p. 274: 

I’jl go tell all the argument of his Play aforehand, 
and so sTALE his invention to the auditory, before 
it come forth. 

P. 178. To fob off our DisGRACE with a tale. 
Metri causd, pDisGRACEs. . 
Ibid. Sir, I shall tell you with a kind of smile. 
- But Menenius had no design of being ludicrous 
with them. I correct the pointing thus, 

Sir, I shall tell you.—With a kind of smile, &c. 

And the context, I am persuaded, you will find 
to warrant this change. 

Ibid. For mE this fellow speaks. 

I chuse to read, with the first folio, 

*ForeE ME, this fellow speaks. 

P. 180. ————— What would you have, you curs, 
That like NoT peace, nor war? : 
The 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 479 


The first folio, Nor. You would make nominatives 
of peaceand war. I had always reconciled it to my- 
self thus, that neither like war, nor can be content 
with peace. War frights you; and peace and plenty 
make you so insolent and exacting, that you do not 
know what you would have yourselves, and thereby 
seem not to like tranquillity. 

P. 180, ————_——_ He that trust to you, 
Where he should find you lions, finds you hares : 
Where foxes, geese you are: no surer, no. 

I chuse to point it thus: 


————_______-— finds you hares; 
Where foxes, geese: You are no surer, no. 

P. 181. Unroor’D the city. 

So I had read with you, and so the first folio. 

P. 182. Tit. Lead you on; 

Follow Cominius, we must follow you, 
Right worthy your priority. 
Com. Noble Marrivs. 
The first folio mends one reading thus, 
Right worthy You priority. 
i. e. you being right worthy of precedence. _ 

But there are still more faults in this passage, 

which I make no question should be thus rectified : 
a Lead you on; 
Follow, Cominius ; we must follow you; 
Right worthy you priority. 
Com. Noble Larrius ! 

Titus Lartius first desires the general Senators to 
lead the way ; then tells Cominius that he well de- 
serves to go first in rank; and therefore, I think, 
Cominius, to return that compliment, says, Noble 
Lartius! 


P. 185, If we and Caius Marcius chance to meet, 
°Tis sworn betwixt us, we shall EVER strike 
Till one can do no more. 
Thus I would read, 
If I and Caius Marcius chance to meet, 
’Tis sworn betwixt us, we shal] EITHER strike 
Till one can do no more. 


P. 190, 


480 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P, 190. Who sensisLy ouTDaREs his sehschoes sword. 

Dr. Thirlby reads thus: a 

_ Who, SENsiBLE, ouTDoOES his peut sword. 

P, 193. The shepherd knows not thunder from a tabor, 

More than I know the sound of Marcius’ 
tongue, &e. 
I will not venture to say our Poet borrowed this 
thought from Sophocles’s Ajax, ver. 15, &c. 
‘Os iopabls Lou, nav cmcmtlos Ts @ ouas 
Dine deubo nat fnagmate Poen 
Xarnoorous xidwvos ag Tuponixiis. 
Ibid. Ob! let me clip you 
In arms as sound, as when I woo’d in heart; 
As merry, as when, Ke. 
I point it thus, 
In arms as sound, as when I woo’d; in heart 
As merry as, &c. 
P. 194. And Four shall quickly draw out my com- 
mand, &c. 

I am not well enough acquainted with the Roman 
Tactics, to know how four should execute this com- 
mission. 

P. 197. ———— When drums and trumpets shall 

I’ th’ field prove flatterers, let courts and cities 
Be made ail of false-faced soothing. 

When steel grows soft, as the parasite’s silk, 
Let him be made an overture for th’ wars. 

What an hobbling and imperfect verse is the third 
here! 

The fourth too is defective; but thatI can cure thus: 

When steel grows soft as 1s the parasite’s silk. 

But what does him in the last verse relate to, the 
steel, or parasite? Or what is the meaning of 
either of them being made an overture for the wars? 
The whole passage is obscure to me. 


P. 199. 


Five times, Marcius, 
I’ve fought with thee, so often hast thou 
beat me. 
Well; Marcius after this goes home; stands up 
for the Consulship; is banished ; never meets any 
more 


_THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 481 


more with Aufidius, till he seeks him in his own 
palace ; and then Aufidius says, p. 253: 
Thou hast beat me out TWELVE several times, &c. 

Either Aufidius, or our Poet, has a very treache- 
rous memory: and I am afraid History will hardly 
help to reconcile the contradiction. 

P. 202. I caN say, your worships have delivered the 

matter well, when I find the ass, &c. 
It seems plain as light to me that we must read, 
T can’? say, your worships, &c. 

Ibid. What harm can your BESOM conspectuities glean 

out of this character. 

‘T-cannot for my heart conceive the sense of besom 
here. I read, srsson conspectuities, i. e. bleer-eyed, 
blind.. So Hamlet, p. 251: 

———_———— Threat’ning the flames 
With Bisson rheum. 

P, 203. Is worth all your predecessors, since Deuca- 
lion, though peradventure some of the best of 
them were hereditary hangmen. . 

Does not this look like an imitation of Juvenal, 
Sat. viii. 272, &c. 

Et tamen ut longé repetas, longéqué revolvas 
Nomen, ab infami gentem deducis asylo. 
Majorum primus quisquis fuit ille tuoram, 
Aut pastor fuit, aut illad quod dicere nolo. 

P. 204. Where is he wounded, God save your good 

worships? ) 

You, dear Sir, alter the pointing of this passage, 
and imagine the people are to be apostrophized. It 
is true, the pointing is to be corrected: but Mr. 
Pope’s inaccuracy has given rise to your latter suspi- 
cion: for where he marks, p. 203, Exeunt Brutus, 
et Sicinius, the old books only say, Brutus and Si- 
cinius aside; so that they do not go out, but only 
retire a little back to overhear what the ladies and 
Menenius talk of. Now when Menenius hears Mar- 
cius is returning from his conquest, he insultingly 
turns upon the Tribunes, and cries, 

VOU? IL 21 God 


482. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


God save your good worships !—Marcius is coming, 
home ; he has more cause to be proud, &c. 

P. 203. He receiv’d in the repulse of Tarquin seven 
hurts i’ th’ body. 

Men. One in th’ neck, and two i’ th’ thigh: there ’s 
NINE that I know of. 

Seven, one, and two.—Sure, we may venture to 

correct Menenius in his arithmetic, and write here, 

There ’s TEN that I know of. 


P. 205. Enter Cominius the General, and Titus Lar- 
tius; &c. 

Certainly either our Poet, or his Actor-Editors, 
have committed a fault of forgetfulness in bringing 
Lartius into this scene. I am afraid the Poet him- 
self is guilty, by what Menenius afterwards says in 


this very page: 
You are THREE 


That Rome should dote on. 
z. e. Cominius, Coriolanus, and Lartius. But Lar- 
tius should be at Corioli, p. 198: 
———_——— You, Titus Lartius, 
Must to Corioli back ; send us to Rome 
The best, with whom we may articulate, 
For their own good, and ours. 
And p. 210: 
Having determin’d of the Volscians, and 
To send for Titus Lartius. 
And by what is said at p. 222, and 3, where Mar- 
cius bids him welcome home, it is plain that Lartius 
is but then first returned to Rome. 


P, 206. Menenius, ever, ever. 
I point it thus: 
Menenius ever, ever. t 
i.e. ever the same plain-spoken, blunt Menenius. 
As above, in Timon, p. 141: 
This is the o/d man still. 
Ana afterwards, in Julius Cesar, p. 351 : 
Old Cassius still. 
i.e. the same waspish, impatient Cassius as ever? 
for the word old there, I think, does in no ee 
allude 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 483 


allude to his age ; nor was Cassius, though a think- 
ing man, any ways cold of temper, as you conjec- 
turally proposed here after the text: on the contrary, 
his impatience is from the beginning finely marked 
out by our Poet in contrast to Brutus’s philosophic 
mildness. £s 

P. 206. But with them, CHANGE of honours. 

Should not this be rather, cHarGE? 

Ibid. Your prattling nurse 

INTO a RAPTURE lets her baby cry, 
While she chats him. 

This passage, I remember, stuck with us, when 
I read this Play in company. What means a baby 
crying into a.rapture? That, I suppose, can never 
signify crying itself into fits. e struck out this 
conjecture, which I beg leave to submit to you: 

EEN TO a RUPTURE lets her baby ery ; 

zi. e. lets it cry, till its navel starts ; till it is ready to 
burst with the agony. 

P. 207, ———-_—-—- As our good wits. 

T read, 


As our good WILL Is. 


Ibid. —-~-——-——_— So it must fall out 
To him, or our authorities. Foran end, 
Dr. Thirlby reads, 
To him; or our authority ’s at an end. 

P.-210, The theme of our assembly. 

As the Tribune speaks this to the Senate, I think 
it should be rather, your. 

PLei2. And is content 

To spend his time to end it. 

What does this mean? that he is content to dare 
all the extremities of danger, and tempt death itself, 
in spending his time valiantly ? 

P. 213, Sic. To Coriolanus come all joy and honour ! 

Blind and blundering Editors, to put this wish 
into one of the Tribunes’ mouths, when both the 
old folios place it to that of the Senate upon their 
breaking up! 


212 Pp, 213: 


484 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 213. Bru. Come, we ’|l inform them 
Of our proceedings Aere on th’ market-place, 
: I know they do attend us. : 
As this passage is pointed, the senate-house is 
confounded with the market-place. 
We certainly must correct thus: 
——————here. On th’ market-place 
I know, &c. 
P. 214. Oons! if he do require our voices, we ought 
not to deny him. “ 
But why this oath here? ‘The old folio reads 
simply thus : 
Once, if he do require our voices = 
t. e. in a word, once for all, I have said it once, and 
T will stand to it. 
So, Much Ado About Nothing, p. 71: 
*T is ONCE, thou lov’st. 
And so, Anthony, p. 44: , 
Men, Wilt thou be lord of all the world! 
Pom. What say’st thou? 
Men, Wilt thou be lord of the whole world ? 
That ’s TWICE. 
Ibid. For once when ne stood up about the corn. 
There is no doubt, I think, but we must correct 
with the first folio, we; i.e. when we mutinied 
about corn, viz. at the beginning of the Play. 
P. 215.'I would they would forget me, like the virtues 
Which our divines lose by them. 
Does he mean, forget me as they do those virtuous 
— which the Diviies preach up to them, and 
ose by them, as it were, by their neglecting the 
practice ? 
I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, 
Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 485 


sai LETTER XLVI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 12, 1729-30. 
Mine (No. 18) accompanies this. : 


I proceed with Coriolanus. 
P. 220. I’ll have five hundred voices of that sound. 
1st Cit. Ay, twice five hundred - 
The first folio, more rightly, 
I twice five hundred —— 
i.e. if you procure five hundred, I will piece out 
your number with one thousand more. 


P. 224. Com. You’re like to do such business. 
The context persuades me this should be spoken 
by Cor. 
Ibid. The people are abus’d, set on; this palt’ring 
Becomes not Rome: 
Cominius, I think, would shew himself displeased 
at this rub that the Tribunes throw in Coriolanus’s 


-way, and as unwilling to stop and wrangle it out 


with them. I point the passage thus: 
The people are abus’d, Set on ;—this palt’ring 
Becomes not, Rome ; —— 
So again, in the next page, he repeats his desire 
of proceeding : 
Well — on to the market-place. 
P, 231, ——-—— To eject him hence 
Were but one danger, and to keep him here 
Our certain death ; —— 

Were is the verb both to danger and death; 
which. wards, as you conjecture, will not be. I 
had corrected it, dear Sir, a long while since, in 
this manner : ‘ 

———— To eject him hence, 
Were but our danger; and to keep him here 
Our certain death; therefore —— : 

a. @ 


486. ILLUSTRATIONS. OF LITERATURE. 


i. e. to banish him will be hazardous to us: to let 
him remain at home, our certain destruction: there- 
fore he must die this very night. 

P. 232. — The service of the foot, 

Being once gangreen’d, 1T 1s not then re- 
spected Tae 
For what before it was om 
_ Menenius, I am convinced, did not mean to make 
any such assertion; but rather to declare on the ne- 
gative side of it. I read thus: 
Is’1 not then respected 
For what before it was? : 
P. 234. The things THAT THWART your dispositions. 
The first folio, 
The THINGS OF your dispositions, &c. 
Jread, — 
The THWARTINGs OF your dispositions, &c. 

Ibid. Before he should thus stoop to th’ HEART, — 

But will stoop to th’ heart signify stoop his heart, 
bow his disposition ? I guess,—to th’ Herp, 7. e. the 
rabble: for they are pressing him to go back, and 
mend his late rough behaviour. 

Ibid. Aen. Repent what you have spoke. 

Cor. Forthem ?—I cannot doit rorthe Gods, 
Must I then do it to them? 

Coriolanus is no where else in the least irreligious, 
or speaks with a disrespect to the heavenly pore 
T cannot think then that he would say here, he can- 
not repent even Sor the Gods: besides, the expres- 
sion is very exceptionable. I have suspected : 

Cor, ’Fore them?—I can Burt do it ’FoRE the Gods ; 

Must I then, &c. 
P. 234, — — bastards, and syllables 
ALLOWANCE to your bosom’s truth. 

Dr. Thirlby says, forté ayuiance. But I think 
the other may do very well. Syllables not allowed 
by your heart to be true. 

R. 236, Yet were there but this single plot, to lose 

This. mould of Marcius, 
The 


‘THEOBALD AND ‘WARBURTON. | 487 
The pointing must»be certainly corrected thus : 
single plot to lose, —— ; 
P. 239. THRONG our large temples 
So, dear Sir, I had read with you of old. 
P. 241. I have been Consul, and can shew FROM Rome 
Her enemies marks upon me. —— 
Certée, ror Rome, &c. 
So p. 245: 
To banish him that struck more 
Blows ror Rome, &c, 


anise 246: 

Good man, the wounds that he does bear For Rome ! 
P. 244. My FIRsT son, ; 
This I had always understood in the sense of a 

eommendation, as optime fili, without regard to her 

having, or not having, any other children. 

Thus primus, by some of the Commentators, is 
said to be used in the beginning of the Aineis. 

And so afterwards, at p. 273, Volumnia calls him 
her GREAT son. : 

P. 251. And witness of the malice and displeasure 

Which thou couLp’sr bear me. 

First folio, rectits, sHOULD’sT. 

P. 252, ————_—_—. Know thou first 
I lov’d the maid 1 married. 
_ I would point it, 


—_——_—— Know thou, first 
T lov’d the maid, &c. 

» Though T loved my wife before I married her, yet 
was I not more rejoiced to see her first enter my 
house, than I now am in seeing thee here. 

P. 256. We hear not of him, neither need we fear him, 
His remedies are tame: the present peace 
And quietness of the people, which before 
Were in wild hurry. 
I read, 
We hear not of him, neither need we fear him: 
His remedies.are tame 1 TH’ present peace, 
And quietness of the people; which before 
Were in wild hurry. 
P. 257. 


488. ILLUSTRATIONS OF) LITERATURE. 


RB get Self-loving. 
ic. And affecting one sole throue, without ASSIST~ 
ANCE. 
Men.. Nay, I think not so. 
The text is slightly corrupted ; and the versifica- 
tion neglected. Read, 
Self-loving. 
Sic. And affecting one sole throne, 
Without AssisTanTs. 
Men. Nay, I think not so. 


P. 258. He and Aufidius can no more BE ONE, 
| The first folio, arone, 7. e. agree, be reconciled. 


P, 259. As Hercules did shake down MELLOw fruit. 

I suspect almost that our Poet, according to his 
custom, is alluding to the known fable: : if so, might 
we not rather read, 


down TH’ YELLOW fruit. 
i.e, the golden fruit in the gardens of the Hesperides. 


P. 263, And power, unto itself most commendable, 
Hath not a tomb so evident as a chair 
T’ extoll what it hath done. 

This, I own, is absolutely obscure to me. 

P. 265. Speed how it will. JZ shall ere long have 

knowledge 

Of my success. 

I think, ye. 

P. 267. Now you CHAMPION. 

First folio, better, I think, you companion, 7. e. 

sawcy fellow. "i 
P. 268. 


That we have been familiar, 
Ingrate forgetfulness — 

I had altered the penetra dear Sir, of this non- 
sensical passage, with this variation in the text. 
——————— that we have been familiar, 

Ingrate forgetfulness shall PRISON, rather 
Than pity note how much. 

There is a contrast betwixt prison and note, which 
is wanting in poison; and the sense seems clearer, 
and 


THEOBALD. AND WARBURTON. - 489 


and more natural: that forgetfulness shall rather 
keep it a secret that we have been familiar, than pity 
disclose how much we have been so. 

P. 272. Make our hearts flow with joy, hearts dance. 

In the first part of the verse we must read with 
the first folio, : % 

Make our eyes flow with joy, &c. 

P. 273. And yet to cHarce thy sulphur. 

Thad designed, dear Sir, to have entertained you 
with this emendaton: but the anticipation is pleasing 
to me. 

P. 274. This fellow had a Volscian to his mother ; 

His wife is in Corioli; and Hts child 
Like him by chance. 
IT am persuaded we should read, 
——_—_———_—_—_——__—_—- and Tis child, &c. 

For Volumnia would hint, that Coriolanus by his 
stern behaviour had lost all family-regards, and did 
not remember that he had any child. 

P. 279, —_———_—— Let him feel your sword, 

Which we will second, when he lies along, 
After your way, his tale pronoune’d, shall bury 
His reasons with his body. 
Thus, I think, the pointing must be corrected: 
for at present the sense is perplexed, and buried. 

—_—__—__——- Let him feel your sword, 
Which we will second» When he lies along, 
After your way his tale pronounced shall bury 
His reasons with his body. 

P. 281, ~_— And his Fame folds in 

This orb o’ th’ earth. 
So the first folio reads with your correction. 


And so much for Coriolanus. 

I cannot, however, help. troubling you with one 
additional remark upon a circumstance of our Au- 
thor’s conduct in this Play; because I cannot deter- 
mine with myself, whether it was done by chance, 
or on purpose. It is said, you know, dear Sir, and 
the fact is true, that he has followed Plutarch = 

close 


oo ag ae 


490 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


close in this story ; but he has em from him in 
one point, by which he has avoided a strange ab- 
surdity in the calculation of time, of which our 
Greek Biographer seems not at all aware. Shake- 
speare tells us, that at sixteen years old Coriolanus 
began his soldiership, when Tarquin made head to 
regain his kingdom, and that in seventeen battles 
he’ distinguished himself with exemplary bravery 
and success. Plutarch also says, that our Hero set 
out in arms a youth; that his first expedition was 
when Tarquin‘made this push ; and that he signalized 
himself in war for seventeen years successively. 
Now it happens.a little unluckily for Plutarch’s ac- 
count, that this attempt of Tarquin was made anno 
U. C. 258; and Coriolanus was banished, nay, and 
killed within the period of 8 years after his first cam- 
paign, anno U. C. 266. There is something again 
lies across us on the other side, that if Coriolanus 
was so young when he first commenced soldier, and 
if the interval was so short betwixt that and his 
banishment, he was too young to have been admitted 
a candidate for the Consulship. The compliment of 
that office so early to any man was a prostitution of 
dignity, that, I think, was never made till the times 
of the Emperors, when servility had debased the 

very. spirits of the Romans. 
have received, dear Sir, the satisfaction of yours 
(No. 22) of the 9th instant, in which you very 
finely vindicate your emendation of Baleartan, upon 
the just observation of the poetical rule of character- 
izing nations for something for which they are emi- 
nent far above others. It is doubtless an argument 
that ought to have all its weight on the side of your 
conjecture, as it shall have in my consideration: and, 
Lhope, it will go some way towards accounting for 
an emendation, that some readers’| might be apt to 
think too wide from the traces of the corrupted text. 
L thought verily you had known Dr. Harsenet to have 
been the Author of‘ The Declaration of Popish Im-~ 
postures,” 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 491 


postures,” or I could have assisted your discovery 
some time ago. Dr. Hutchinson, in his ‘ Historical 
Essay concerning Witchcraft,” acquaints us not only 
that he was Archbishop of York, but had been 
Chaplain to Archbishop Bancroft. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, 

Lew. THeopaxp. 


LETTER XLVIII. 


To the Rey. Mr. Warsorton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 14, 1729-30. 

I have just received the pleasure of yours (No. 
#8) of the 11th instant, pe now proceed to Julius 
cesar. 


Dramatis Persone.—This, certainly, is the most 
imperfect list throughout the whole set of our Au- 
thor’s Plays. The names of no less than twelve per- 
sons, speaking and spoken to, are omitted: Cicero, 
Popilius Lena, Publius an old Senator, Young Cato, 
Pindarus, Dardanus, Claudius, Volumnius, Varro, 
Clitus, Strato, and Ghost of Cesar. Again, Mu- 
rellus the Tribune must be corrected from Plutarch 
and. Appian, Marutuus.. And, lastly, who, told 
our Editors that. Artemidorus was a soothsayer? 
They were thinking, I suppose, of his namesake, 
whose critique on Dreams we still have: but did not 
think that he did not live till the time of Antoninus. 
Our Poet’s Artemidorus, who had been Cesar’s 
host in Cnidos, did not pretend to know any thing 
of the conspiracy against Cesar by prescience ,or 
prognostication: but he was the Cnidian sophist, 
who taught that science in Greek at Rome: by which 
means being intimate with Brutus and those about 
him, he got so far into the. secret.as to be able to 
warn Cesar of his danger. ne 

e 


492 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


We must therefore read, 
Artemidorus. 
A Soothsayer. ; 
| P. 286. Mur. What mean’st thou by that? mend me, 
Thou saucy fellow? : . 

As the Cobler in the preceding speech replies to 
Flavius, not to Marallie, I think Mis ite this 
must be placed to Fiavius. 

P. 288. Shake off their sterril coursE. 

We must restore from the first folio, cURSE. 

P. 290, For once upon a raw. , : 

I think it very probable, as you observe, that our 
Poet might allude to the Cur timet flavum Tiberim 
of Horace. 

Ibid. The torrent roar’d, and He did buffet it. 

It is evident we must restore with the first folio, 
wE, from what follows : 

With hearts of controversy. 

P. 294. ’Tis very like, he hath the falling sickness. 

I point it thus : 

Tis very like: be hath the falling sickness. 

Brutus knew that Caesar was subject to an epil- 
epsy, and therefore accounts for the likelihood of 
his falling down, and swooning. 

Scene VI.—You think, this should be the division 
of the Second Act. am not convinced of the ne- 
cessity, dear Sir, for the reason you give: because 
it is plain that Shakespeare makes free with the 
unity of time through all his Tragedies; without 
any intervals of Acts to make this breach probable. 
} will give you one very flagrant instance of our Au- 
thor’s licence in this respect. The scene opens in 
Hamlet about twelve o'clock at night. oratio, 
having seen the Ghost, Pl i that the apparition 


should be imparted to Hamlet; Marcellus consents, 
and says, 
I this morning know where we shall find him most 
conveniently. 


They 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. . 493 


They immediately go out: and without any interval 
or time possibly lapsed between, the King, Queen, 
Hamlet, and all the Court appear, talking sedately 
of state-affairs. The King, in his going out, within 
ten minutes at farthest, orders that all the healths 
he drinks that day shall be signalized with drums, 
trampets, and cannons. Hamlet does not stay 
three minutes after him, before Horatio, Bernardo, 
and Marcellus come to him, and Hamlet says to 
Marcellus, Good even, Sir. So that you see, what 
a strange method our Poet had of running over 
hours, as well as of changing climates. 
P. 299. Hold, my hand. 


Hold my hand ; 
i. e. accipe dextram. 
P, 303. No, Sir, their 


are plucked about their 


ears. 

Now, who would not suspect Mr. Pope, out of 
modesty, had shut out a word of bawdry here ? 
The folios read, 

No, Sir, their nats are, Ke. 

But the Editor happened to know that the Ro- 
mans wore no hats ; and thence, no doubt, this hy- 
percritical hiatus. 

Surely, we should make mad work with this, or 
any other of our Author’s Plays, did we attempt to 
try them so strictly by the touchstone of antiquity. 

P. 304. Here lies the East, &c. 

Rymer, in his “Short View of Tragedy,” p. 153, has 
left an invidious and paltry remark on this passage: 
“ Here the Roman Senators, the midnight before 
Cesar’s death (met in the garden of Brutus, to set- 
tle the matter of their conspiracy) are gazing up to 
the stars, and have no more in their heads than to 
wrangle about which is the East and West.”——“ This 
is directly,” as Bayes tells us, ‘to shew the world.a 
pattern here, how men should talk of business. But 
it would be a wrong to the Poet, not to inform the 

, Reader, 


494 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Reader, that on the stage the spectators see Brutus 
and Cassius all this while at whisper together.” | I 
‘ cannot help having the utmost contempt for this 
poor ill-jude sneer. It shews the height of good 
manners and politeness in the conspirators, whilst 
‘Brutus and Cassius whisper, to start any occasional 
topic, and talk extempore, rather than seem to lis- 
ten to, or be desirous of overhearing, what Cassius 
draws Brutus aside for. And, if I am not mistaken, 
there is a piece of art shewn in this whisper, which 
dur caviller either did not, or would not, see into. 
The Audience are already apprized of the subject on 
which the Faction meet; and, therefore, this whisper 
is an artifice, to prevent the preliminaries of what 
they knew beforehand being formally repeated. 
' P. 304. Weighing the youthful season of the year. 

I think, I remember, or at least have an idea of 
some expression very similar to this in Virgil or Lu- 
cretius. 

Ibid. No, not an oath: If NoT the face of men, &e. 

Give me leave to tell you, dear Sir, how I had 
read and understood this: 

————_.—— If Twat the face of men, &c. 

I confess, if Brutus meant by this, gentlemen, you 
have very good faces (as you apa it), this 
would be but a very bad motive. But I look upon 
this to be the sense; if that dejection which ap- 
pears in your countenances, that insuppressive sor- 
row which you cannot hide, joined to the sufferance 
of your souls, &c. be weak motives, &c. And this, 
I think, makes a true climax: and the"progression 
from face to soul seems to heighten the dignity of 
the passion. 

P. 309. To keep with you at meals, comrorT your bed, 

And talk to you? 

T read, consort, i. e. be your companion a-bed. 
So, Comedy of Errors, p. 10: 

And afterwards consort you till bed-time. 

Et alibi passim, 

P. 315. 


THECBALD AND WARBURTON, 495, 


P. 315. The heart of Brutus Earns. 
Read, YERNs. 
P, 317. The Capirou, 
It must be, 
Street, before the Capitol : 
For Cassius says to Artemidorus, 
What, urge you your petitions in the street? 
Ibid. Flourish. Enter, &c. and the SOOTH-sAYERS. 
Read, soorusayer. That particular one, who 
had predicted to Cesar the danger of the Ides of 
March, with which prediction as vain and idle, 
Cesar reproaches him at the very commencement of 
the scene. 
P. 320. Casc. Stoop, Romans, stoop. 
Mr, Pope has arbitrarily taken this speech from 
Brutus, as out of character for him: but in this, 
I think, he has been more nice than wise. Brutus 
esteemed the death of Cesar a sacrifice to liberty ; 
‘and as such gloried in his heading the enterprize. 
Besides, our Author is strictly copying History. 
Plutarch, in the Life of Cesar, says, “ Brutus and 
his followers, being yet hot with the murder, 
marched in a body from the Senate-house to the Ca- 
pitol with their drawn swords, with an air of con- 
Jidence and assurance.” ‘ 
And in the Life of Brutus, “ Brutus and his party 
betook themselves to the Capitol, and in their way, 
shewing their hands all bloody, and their naked 
swords, proclaimed liberty to the people.” 
P. 323, ———————_ Crimson’d in thy DEATH. 
Lerue, all the old books: and I am very much 
inclined to suspect it a word from the Latin dethum: 
whether it be any part of hunters’ language, I am 
utterly to seek. 
P. 326. Seeing those BEDs of sorrow. 
First folio, rectits, BEaDs. So, King John, p. 19: 
With those sad chrystal BeADs heav’n shall be brib’d. 
And 1 Henry IV. p. 205: 


That BEADs of sweat have stood upon thy brow, &c. 
P, 332. 


496 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


' P. 332. That day he overcame the NerviI. 

This circumstance, with rd to Czsar’s mantle, 
seems to me an invention of Poet ; and, perhaps, 
not with the greatest propriety. The Nervii were 
conquered in the second year of his Gaulish ie pe? 
tion, seventeen years before hisassassination ; and itis 
hardly to be thought that Cesar preserved any one 
robe of state so long. 

P. 336. Upon condition Pustius shall not live, 

Who is your-sister’s son, Mark Anthony. 

I cannot tell who our Author means here by Pub- 
lius. The three persons about whom the Triumvirs 
had such a squabble in their proscription, were Ci- 
cero, whose life Anthony insisted on ; Paulus, who 
was condemned by his own brother Lepidus ; and 
Lucius Cesar, Anthony’s uncle, whose blood Octa- 
vius demanded. : 

P. 337. A barren-spirited fellow, one that feeds 

On OBJECTS, ARTS, and imitations, 
Which out of uge and stal’d. 

I do not conceive why he should be called a nar- 
row-spirited fellow, that\can feed either on objects 
or arts; i.e. as I presume, form his ideas and judg- 
ments upon them : stale and obsolete imitation, in- 
deed, reasonably fixes such a character. I have 

- long suspected the text; and, with great deference 
and diffidence, I will submit to you my emendation: 
On ABJECT ORTS, and imitations. 
i. e. on the scraps and fragments of things rejected 
and despised by others. 
The word he uses again in his Troilus, p. 358 : 
The fractions of her faith, orts of her love, 
The fragments, scraps, &c. 
P. 340. Go to; you are not Cassius. 
Cas. I am. 
Bru. I say, you are not. 

If this be not persuading a man out of his Christian 
name, the devil is in it. What! because Cassius is 
testy, the Editors will not allow Brutus to think he 

is 


_,THEOBALD AND. WARBURTON. 497 


is Cassius, . But this absurdity is derived from false 
pointing. I read, 
7 Go to,; you are not, Cassius. 

Thus Brutus denies Cassius’s assertion, that he.is 
an older, or abler, soldier than himself, 

P.,345, If at Philippi we do face him there, 

These people at our back. 
The, whole tenor of this. speech seems to warrant, 
that we ought to read: thus, 
———_——_. face him, there 
These people at our back. 
P. 351. Never till Casar’s three and THIRTY wounds 
Be well aveng’d. ii ; 

I much wonder, this false reading escaped your 
accuracy. Plutarch, Appian, , Suetonius,; &c. all 
vouch for no more than 
three and. TWENTY wounds. 

P. 356, —_-__-—_ to Tuarsvs send_his body. 

Thus all the copies; but history. bids us, ‘Tuassos. 

And _ so much for, Julius Cesar, and this, Volume. 

Lhave, only room left to, observe; how very wild 
and rash; Mr.,Pope is in his eritical notes. » He says, 
p-330: “Perhaps, this Play was never printed in 
Ben Jonson's time, and so he had nothing to judge 
by, but as the Actor pleased to speak it.” ; But Ben 
Jonson. did not die till the year 1637 ; and Shake- 
speare’s Works were twice printed in folio: before 
that period, .viz. in 1623, and 1632. 

I am, dearest Sir,..your, most affectionate and 
obliged humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER XLIX. 


To the Rev..Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Sir, © Wyan’s' Court, Feb. 19, 1729-30. 

Before I enter upon Antony, give me’ leave to 

. trouble you with a’second dissertation on this passage 
of Timon, p. 148; . 


oVQL, I. 2k —-—— seasoa 


7498 ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


—__—__—— season the slaves 

For russ and baths; bring down the rose-cheek’d 
youth 

‘To th’ ruprasT and the diet. 


I agree with you that our search would be very 
vain for the word fubfast ; and 1. was not a little: 
charmed with your conjecture of ‘rus-Fast ;_ till, 
upon a nearer view, I am afraid it is liable to one 
objection. Would our Poet say, season them for 
tubs, and, inthe very next line bring them down to 
the ¢ub-discipline ? - Surely, this borders a little too 
‘much on tautology. Youset me on conjecturing 
again, and I will submit it to you, 

season the slaves 

For tubs and baths. bring down the. rose-cheek’d 
youth 

‘To th’ rus, fast, and the diet. 


‘What is fub though? you may reasonably ask. 
Our Dictionaries, it is true; acknowledge no such 
substantive: but I presume it to mean what Ben 
) Jonson ‘has:in another place called the fricace: and 
then the sense will be, bring them down’ to: being 
rubbed with unctions, to fasting, and to your diet- 
drinks. The best authority I have for this guess is 

» from a passage in the Alchemist (Act IV. Scene 3) 


where Subtle would play the rogue with the supposed 
Spaniard : : 


Please you, 
Enthratha, the chambrathra, worthy don ; 
Where, if it please the Fates, in. your BATHADA’ 
You shall be soak’d, and strok’d, and Tue’p, and 
rub’d 
And scrub'd, and FuB’p, dear don, before you go. 
Qr, may it be allowed that our Author wrote ? 
— ‘bring down the vose-cheek’d youth, 
Th’ rus, to:th’ fast.and diet. . ( 
But whether fub, for a plump-faced child, be not 
» in the list of cant-words, and of too modern a stamp, 
I much suspect. 


ANTONY 


.» THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 499 


ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA. 


P. 6, There ’s beggary in the love that can be counted, 
Pauperis est numerare pecus.—Ovip. 
Populus numerabilis, utpote parvus.—Hor. 
P. 11. What our contempts do often hurl from us, 
We wish it ours again, &e. 
Virtutem incolumem odimus, 
Sublatam ex oculis querimus invidi_ Hor. 


P. 13. Which, like the courser’s hair. 

T remember, I troubled you before with a ques- 
tion on this passage. | I believe I have met with our 
Author's oracle for this absurd opinion. Holinshed, 
in, his Description of England, vol. I. p. 224, has 
this remark : “I might finally tell you, how that 
in fenny rivers’ sides, if you cut a turf, and lay 
it with the grass downwards upon the earth, in such 
sort as the water may touch it as it passeth by, you 
shall have a brood of eels, it would seem a wonder : 
and yet it is believed with no less assurance of some, 
than that an horsehair laid in a pail-full of the like 
water, will in short time stir, and bécome a living 
creature. ‘But sith the certainty of these things is 
rather proved by few, than the certainty of them 
known unto many, I let it pass at this time.” 

P. 15, —— Which are, or cease, 

As you shall give th’ advices, by the fire. 

I point thus,’ 


cease, 
As you shall give th’ advices. By the fire, &c. 


P. 16. Oh, my oblivion is a very Antony, 
And I am all rorcorren. 
Does not the sense require, FORGETTING? i.e, for- 
getfulness itself. 
P..21. Good FrieNDs, quoth he; 
But what friends was Antony addressing himself 


to? He-was only speaking to Alexas. We must 
ys 2K2 read 


500 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


read therefore, with the first folio, 
Good FRIEND, quoth he. 
Asa little lower, sf 
All the East, say THOU, shall call her mistress, 


Your emendation, dear Sir, of ‘piece ‘into pace, 
in this'speech is very fine: but, 1 much fear, it is 
bettering Shakespeare. ! 

At whose voor, I think, has neither relation to 
Cleopatra, nor her throne, but to the present of a 
pearl which he had sent; and means no more than 
that at the sequel of that present, he would enlarge 
her power with additional kingdoms. ‘ 


Ibid. ArnM-Gaunr steed. 


I do not know how to understand this compound 
epithet. 


P. 22. My sallad days! &e. 

Your observation on the pointing here is certainly 
very accurate. Yet, I believe, Shakespeare meant 
as the Editions exhibit. The old Translator of Plu- 
tarch led him into the blunder: in Mark Antony’s 
life, p. 981: “ For Caesar and Pompey knew her 
when she was but a young thing, and knew not 
then what the world meant: but now she went to 
Antonius at the age when a woman's beauty is at 
the prime, and she also of best judgment.” Where- 
as in fact, if Cleopatra was 38 years old when she 
died, she must be 20 when Cesar went to Egypt: 
and if so, I doubt not but her blood was then hot 
enough. 


- Ibid. My POWERS ARE CRESCENT, and my auguring 


hope 
Says 17 will come to th’ fud?. 

But of what is this relative 1r governed? It is 
evident to me, the Poet’s allusion is to the ‘moon ; 
and therefore, as well as for concord’s sake, I make 
no doubt to read, i 

My POWER’S A CRESCENT —————-+-+— 


THEOBALD AND, WARBURTON... —‘5011- 


é.e. an half-moon, and, in the increase: and this 
sorts well with 
Coming to th? FULL, 


‘P. 23, Salt Cleopatra, and soften thy WAN lip. 
By the epithet to Cleopatra, I suspect, warm. 


P. 26. Could not with GRATEFUL eyes. 
‘First folio, GRACEFUL. 


P. 27. Thou art a soldier, only speak no more. 
I think we should read, 
Thou art a soldier only ;—speak no more, 
i. e. do not you pretend to interpose your counsel 
in this affair, that are only a soldier, and action 
your talent. ; i 


P. 32. Isee it in my MOTION, have it not in my longue. 
‘T conjecture, NOTION. sages 
So, in Hamlet, p. 217: 
In my MIND’s EYE, Horatio. 
And again, p, 219: ; 
Give it an UNDERSTANDING, but no TONGUE. 
P. 33. IN-HooP’D at odds. 
This is a term I do not know what to make of, 
through my ignorance in quail-fighting, 
P. 34, That time !—Ou times ! 
I would read, 
That time oF times I laugh’d, &e. 


P. 38. — CourTIERS of beauteous freedom. 
Anndn, CouRTERS ? 
P. 39, ——————-— but that they would 


Have BUT one man, a man. 

Sure, I think, I pointed out before to Mr. Pope 
the true reading of this. passage, from the old folios, 
would he but have embraced. it. 
but that they would 

Have one man BUT a man. 

For what did they kill Cesar for, but to prevent 
his aspiring so much above his fellow-country- 
men, 


P. 39, 


502 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. . 


P, 39, ——_—_——_Be pleased to tell us, 

For this is from the present now you talk, 
The offers we have sent you. 

What, was Pompey to tell them the offers that 
they had sent to him ? Lepidus, most sonuivodlys 
does not talk so absurdly. 

The first folio seems to lead to a better sense, 
and therefore I will venture to regulate the passage 
thus, 

———_—-—— Be pleased to tell us, 
(For this is from the present,) HOW you TAKE 
The offers we haye sent you. 


Ibid. Know then 


I came before, &c. 


This whole speech is most unsufferably pointed. 

I correct thus : 
———_————_——- Know then, 
I came before you here a man prepar’d 
To take this offer: but Mark Antony 
Put me to some impatience.—Though I lose 
The praise of it by telling, you must know, 
When Cesar and your brother, &c. 


P. 42. 1 Ser, They have made him drink alms-drink. 

2 Ser. As they pinch one another by the disposition 
he cries out, no more: reconciles them to his en- 
treaty, and himself to the drink, 

This is very cramp and dark to me. 


P, 44, ——-—— These quicksands, Lepidus,” 
Keep off them, FoR you sink. 

I imagine it should rather be, 
Keep off them.’Fore you sink, 


P. 45. Possess it, I Jl make answer. 
I am a stranger to this phrase, 


Ibid. The HOLDING. 
I suppose, this means, the burthen. 
P. 47. Sosius, one of my place in Syria. 


History and the old copies read, Sosstus. 
P. 48. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON,:. 503: 
P. 48. 


- that, without the which 
_ Asoldier and his sword grants scarce distinction. 
I do not understand this. . 


'P. 49. Though you be CERTAIN curious. 
First folio, THEREIN. 


P. 50, BELIEVE ’T'till I WEEP too. 
Tread, 
Believe ’t, till I wepr too. 


P. 54, Then would thou hadst a pair of chaps.no 
more, and throw between them,. &c.. 
I do not know at.all what Enobarbus is at in this 
speech. 
P. 56) The OSTENTATION. of our love ; which left un- 
shewn. 
. We have an unharmonious Alexandrine here, and 
without any necessity. I read, 
: The osTENT of our love; which left unshewn. 
So, Merchant of Venice, p. 173: 
To courtship, and:such fair osTENTS of love, &c.: 
And again, p. 164 : ’ 
Like one well studied in.a sad osTENT 
To please his grandam. 
And Henry V. p. 461: 
Giving full trophy, signal, and osTENT, 
Quite from himself, to God. 


P, 57, —————-——_ And the high gods 
To do you justice make HIS ministers. 
“Tread, THEIR. 


P. 64, ———_~——_- While I strook 
The lean and wrinkled Cassius; and ’twas I 
That the map Brutus ended. 

But why, mad? As Cassius was so much older 
than Brutus, and as the epithets /ean and wrinkled 
are prefixed to Cassius, I have suspected our Poet 
wrote, * 

That the Lap Brutus ended. 

Or, sure, rather than mad, MILD might better 
suit the character of Brutus, ' 
; ~ RaOss 


504 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 65. As is the morn-dew onthe myrtle-leaf 
To His great sea. 
Annin, TuIs, i. e. the-sea, that skirted one part 
of Cesar’s camp. 
P. 68. Mine honesty and I begin to square; 
Though loyalty, well held, to fools does make 
Our faith mere folly; yet he that can endure. 
If I see any thing of the Poet’s meaning in this 
passage, both the text and pointing are a little de- 
praved. 
I would propose to read, 


to square.— 

THO’ loyalty, well held, to fools does make 

Our faith mere folly ; yet he that can endure. 
i.e, (as I have conceived it) though loyalty, stub- 
bornly preserved to a master in his declined fortunes, 
seems folly in the eyes of fools, 7. e. men who have 
not honour enough to think more wisely; yet he, 
who can be so obstinately loyal, will make as great 
a figure on record as the Conqueror. 


P. 72. By the DIscATTERING of this pelleted storm. 
The first folio reads, DISCANDERING. I believe, 
we ought to correct, , 
By the DISCANDYING 
i. e. the melting, dissolving. 


So, p. 85: 


Sanne to whom I gave 
Their wishes, do DiscaNDY, mel¢ their sweets, &c. 
So, Tempest, p. 32: 
Canpy’p be they, and melt e’er they molest, &c. 
So, Timon, p. 152: 
Will the cold brook, CANDY’D with ice, Kc. 
So much for Antony, in present. 
Pray look back, dear Sir, on this passage of Timon; 
and tell me if my conjecture be worth any thing: 


P. 152, —. Shame not these WEEDS 
By putting on the CUNNING of a carper. 
T have suspected, corning, i. e. feigning, dissem- 
bling thyself to be what thou art not. 


Ihave 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. | 505. 


“I have but’ just room to confess the kindness of 
yours (No. 24) of the 14th instant; and to confess 
myself inviolably, dearest Sir, 

‘Your most affectionate and obliged humble ser- 
vant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER L. 
To the Rev. Mr. WarsurTon. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 21, 1729-30. 
I proceed with Antony and Cleopatra, where I 
left off in my last. 


P. 73. Let our best heads know, 

That to-morrow the last of battles 
We mean to fight. 
What Editors are here for versification! We, 
must adjust, from the assistance of the old copies, 
—_——__— let our best heads 
Know that to-morrow the last of Many battles, 
&e. 
P. 76. 3d Sold. Under the earth 
It stnGs well, does it not? 

The folio, 1623, rectits, SIGNES WELL; 7. e. sig- 
nifies, portends. 

Ibid. ’Tis the God Hercutes, who loved Antony, 

Now leaves him. 

We are told that Antony boasted of descent from 
Hercules ; but we know nothing of that God’s affec- 
tion for him, 

I think we should read, 

*Tis the God Baccuus, who, &c. 

Plutarch, speaking of this music heard in the 
night through the city, says, “ And this signified 
with such as pretended to understand prodigies, that 
Baccus, the God whom he had always a particular 
inclination for, and whom he studied to imitate, had 
now LEFT HIM.” 


P. 78. Eros. The Gods make this a happy day to 
Antony. 
Ant. 


506° ; ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Ant. Would THov and those thy scars had once 
prevail’d, pet 
To make me fight at land: ‘ 
But we know not the least syllable of Eros’s at- 
tempting to prevail with Antony to that purpose. . 
There seems great reason to suspect, that the soLDIER 
should meet Antony: and Eros, whom he met above 
at p. 60; and that the three first speeches here given 
to Eros, should belong to that Soldier, Please to 
observe, a Soldier twice speaks in this Scene, though 
none is marked to enter. Besides, Eros had but 
just before quitted the stage with Antony, and could . 
not well know the news of Enobarbus’s desertion. 


P. 80. Cesar himself has work: and our OPPRESSION 
Exceeds what we expected. 

You say it should be, opposition. But that, dear 
Sir, will not stand in the verse, I believe the text 
is right; and expound it thus: We have been push'd 
upon, and oppress’d by the enemy beyond what we 
look’d for. 

P. 81. And let the Queen know of our GUESTS, — 

I had once corrected with you, GEsts; but, on 
second consideration, though it is a word very fami- 
liar with Spenser, we no where else find it in our. 
Poet: he always chuses FEaTs. 

I think we should read, 

—— know of wer guests — 
i, e. Antony and his Commanders; for, in the’ 
next page, he says, 
Had our great palace the capacity 
Tocamp THIs HOST, we ALL would suP TOGETHER. 
P. 85. and this pine is bark'd, 
. That overtopp’d them all. 

Ta little suspect the text here: where is that anti- 
thesis betwixt barking and overtopping? Theo- 
Poise, I know, and others say, if the pine be 
‘opped, it perishes: but I do not remember whether 
barking be as destructive to it. If not, perhaps, we 
should read, 


and 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 507 


and this pine is HACK’p, &c. 
. €, cut at root, or elsewhere, so as to kill it. 
As in Henry the Eighth, p. 18: 
And though we leave it with a root, thus HACK’T, 
The air will drink the sap. 


P. 85, 86. 


Most monster-like be shewn 
For poor’st diminutives, for DOLTS : — 

You propose ports. But I fancy that poxts is 
right; and by diminutives and dolts, that Cleo- 
patra means, she shall be made a sight for the most: 
contemptible part of the rabble. 

So in Troilus and Cressida, ‘ 

Ah, how the poor world is pester’d with such 
WATER-FLIES, DIMINUTIVEs of Nature! 

Besides, Cleopatra, twice afterwards, talks of 
being made a spectacle to the mob, never of being 
shewn for money. 

Shall they hoist me up, 
And shew me to the shouting VARLOTRY 
Of censuring Rome? (p. 99.) 

And p. 104: 


MECcHANICK slaves 
With greasy aprons, rules, and hammers, shall 
Uplift us to the vizw. 


P. 86. PaTreNT Octavia plough thy visage up 
With her prepared nails. 

“I know that Octavia, in several other places, is 
styled, cold, still, demure. But is it a symptom of 
patience to ah ite our nails to scratch an enemy ? 
Prepared nails, methinks, seem to require PAS- 
SIONED Octavia. 


Ibid. 


teach me, 
Alcides, thou mine ancestor, thy rage: — 
Let ME lodge Zicas on the horns o’ th’ moon, 
And with those hands that graspt the heaviest club 
Subdue my worthiest self. 
I have either very perversely endeavoured to un- 
derstand this passage, or else it is full of absurdities 
and 


508 ILLUSTRATIONS, OF LITERATURE. 


and fault. Suppose, Hercules could make Anthony 
as mad as himself, could. he. make: him lodge Licas « 
too on the moon? Nay, could he make him subdue 
himself too, with Hercules’s hands? Then, wh 
should Antony call himself here his worthiest.se 

Till you better expound it to me, I will beg leave 
to submit the following emendation : bela 

———_——— teach me, 

Alcides, thou mine ancestor, thy rage ; 
Ler THEE lodge Licuas on the horns.o’ th’ moon, 
And with those hands, that grasp the heaviest club, 
Subdue Tuy worthiest self — 
i.e. thy rage; that help’d thee to lodge— and to 
subdue, &c, 

P. 88. — SEAL then, and all is done. 

' Seal what? I do not see that this allegory agrees 
at all with marr, force, entangle, strength. 

P. 90. The guard — now ! — Oh dispatch me. 

I read, 

The guard, Hoa! — Oh dispatch me. 

As p. gl: 

What noa! the Emp’ror’s guard. The; guard, 
what Hoa! 

P. 92. I lay upon thy lips. 

Cleo. I dare not, dear, 
Dear my Lord, pardon; I dare not, 
Lest I be taken : — 

Please to.observe what a curious hobbling verse 
the third is. Then what is it, she dares.not dot Kiss 
Antony. But how should she? She. was above 
locked in her monument; and he below. on, the out= 
side of it. With a very slight addition, I think I 
can cure the whole; and have a sort of warrant from 
Plutarch for it into the bargain: 

I lay upon thy lips. Come pown 
——_—_——_—— I dare not 

(Dear, dear my Lord, your pardon, THaT I dare not) 
Lest I be taken. 

« Plutarch” says, “he was carried in his men’s arms 
into the entry of the monument, Notwithstanding, 

Cleopatra 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, - 509 


Cleopatra would not open the gates, but came to the 
high windows, and cast out certain chains and ropes, 
&e.” 

P. 95. Enter Cesar, Agrippa, Dolabella, and Menas, 

Tread, Macenas. And in the old folio, where 
ever this character speaks,. it'is marked, Mec. 

Ibid. Dox. Cesar, I shall. 

I think, we should certainly mark here, Exit 
Dolabella. It is reasonable to imagine, he should 
presently go upon Cesar’s commands; so. the 
speeches placed to him in the subsequent page, must 
be transferred to Agrippa, or he does not speak at 
all. Besides, that he should be gone, appears from 
Pp- 97, where Cesar asks for him, but recollects he 
had sent him on business. 


P.98. Which shackles accIDENts, and bolts. up CHANGE, 
I observe in yours, you choose to read CHANCE. 
But are not accident and chance, dear Sir, a little 
too much the same? Change and accident our 
‘Poet loves to oppose to each other. 
Second Part of Henry IV. p. 318: 
How CHANCES mock 
And cuanegs fill the cup of alteration, &c. 
Titus Andronicus, p. 120: 
Tho’ cHANcE of war hath wrought this CHANGE of 
cheer, 
And Othello, p. 399: 
Whose’ solid virtue 
The shot of accipEeNT nor dart of CHANGE 
Could neither graze nor pierce. 
For so I read, this last passage, though the editions 
exhibit, CHANCE. 
Ibid. Cuar. You see, how easily she may be surpriz’d. 
Here Charmian, who is so faithful as to die with 
her mistress, by the stupidity of our Editors, is 
made to countenance and give directions for her 
being made prisoner: though Charmian “immedi- 
ately after says, : 
Oh, Cleopatra, thou art taken, Queen. R 
ut 


, 510 ILLUSTRATIONS OF, LITERATURE. 


But we must read, - 
Gatt. You see how easily, &c. 

Gallus, who climbs up to the hinder. windows of 
the monument, speaks it to the guard that attend 
him. And p. 97, when Cesar dispatches Proculeius 
to Cleopatra, he says, : 

Ga.Lus, Go you along. 

P. 100, ————-_— his voice was propertied 
As all the tuned spheres, AND that to friends: 
But when he meant to quail, &c. 

The contrast, sure, betwixt the music and the 
thunder of his voice, requires, 

—— WHEN that to friends : — 

P. 102, ——-—_———_— Here, my good Lord. 

Cas. You shall advise me OF ALL, Cleopatra. 

What a mean rascal do our modern Editors make 
of Cesar, who is afraid lest pm, 4 should not 
give him in her whole inventory! But the older 
copies will help to clear him from this sordid impu- 
tation. We must read, 

You shall advise me IN ALL 
For Cleopatra. . 

And this seems confirmed by another speech of 

his in the next page: 


For, 
We intend so to dispose you, as 
Yourse.r shall GrvE us COUNSEL. 

P. 103. Cleop. His thee acain. 

I’ve spoke already, and it is provided, 
Go, put it to the haste. 

Cleopatra had just whispered some directions to 
Charmian ; but Charmian does not go out; why 
then should Cleopatra bid her go again? * 

I have great suspicion the text should be slightly 
altered, and the speech split in this manner: 

Cleo. Hie thee AMAIN. 
Cuar. I’ve spoke already, and it is provided. 
. Ceo. Go, put it to the haste. , 
P. 105, ———————- and to conquer 
Their most ABsURD intents. f. 
s 


»\« THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 51l 


As plausible sense as this seems, our Poet, I be- 
lieve, wrote, y 
Their most AssUR’D intents. 
i. e. the purposes that they are most determined to 
put in practice ; make ‘themselves most sure of ac- 
_ complishing. 
So Lear, p. 414: 
And all that offer to defend him, 
Stand in AssURED loss. 
P. 106. I’m fire and air; my other elements 
I give to baser LIFE. 

Is this right? Take fire and air away, and what 
life would. there be in her other elements, I have 
imagined that we should read, 

I give to baser EARTH — 
i, e, as we say in the service for the dead, 
Dust to dust, and ashes to ashes: 
or, as in wills, 
I give my éody to the earth whence it came. 
P. 108. Dissolve thick cloud and rain, that I may say, 
The gods themselves do weep. 

Sure Mr. Pope did not take cloud and rain here 
both for substantives; and yet his pointing would 
make one imagine he did. We must correct, 

Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain, that I may say, &c. 

P. 109. and:their story is, 

No less in pity, than his glory, which, &c. 

This seems a little intricately expressed ; but our 
Poet means, I presume, that the compassion, which 
attends them, makes as remarkable an ¢clat in story, 
as the glory of the Conqueror does. 


And so ends Antony. 


I have received, dear Sir, yours (No. 25) of the 
18th instant; and»wait every post with a sweet im- 
. patience for fresh occasion of subscribing myself, 

dearest Sir, 

Your most affectionate and ever obliged friend 
and humble seryant, . Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


§12 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER LI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 24, 1729-30. 
I now proceed to Titus Andronicus, which, but 
for a few fine lines and descriptions, I could wish 
were not in the list of Shakespeare’s acknowledged 
Plays. There is something so barbarous and un- 
natural in the fable, and so much trash in the dic- 
tion, even beneath the three parts of Henry VI. that 
I am very much inclined to believe, it was not one 
of our Author’s own compositions ; but only intro- 
duced by him, and honoured with some of his mas- 
terly touches. ‘The story, I suppose, to be merely 
fictitious. Andronicus is a name of pure Greek de- 
rivation: Tamora I can find no where else men- 
tioned: nor had Rome, in the time of her Emperors, 
any wars with the Goths that I know of; not till 
after the translation of the empire, I mean, to By- 
zantium. But, to take it with all its absurdities. 


P. 115. Victorious in MY mourning weeds. 

So I had corrected with you. 

P. 116. Sufficeth not, that we are brought to Rome 

To beautify thy triumphs, and return 
Captive to thee, and to thy Roman yoke? 

Return captive? Sure, they never were captives 
before to Rome. I read, 

— thy triumphs and return, 
Captive to thee, &c. 

P. 117. Then, Madam, stand resolved, &c. 

Is not this a little absurd, that Demetrius should 
say, that they survived to tremble under Titus’s 
threatening looks; and therefore advises his mother 
to pluck up a resolution ? 

P. 124, Upon the Thracian tyrant in nis tent. 

I read, in HER tent, 7. e. the tent where she and 
the other captive Trojan women were kept : for a 

ther 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 513 


ther she by a wile decoyed Polymestor, as Mr. Po 
might have learnt from Euripides’s Hecuba ; the 
only Author, that I can at present remember, from 
whom Shakespeare could have gleaned this circum- 
stance. 


P. 121. What villain, boy. 
I read, 
What, villain-boy. 
i. e. villainous boy. 


P. 124. After, ; 
That brought her for this high good turn so far, 
we must add, from the first folio, 
Yes, and will nobly him remunerate, 

P. 128. Upon her wit doth EARLY honour wait. 

The first old quarto and folio read, EARTHLY. 

P. 130, Youngling, learn thou to make some BETTER 

choice. 

The old quarto and folio, MEANER. 

P. 131. —— Would it offend you then —— 

Chi. Faith, not me. 
Dem. Nor me, so I were one. 

This is verbum sat sapienti with a vengeance. 
Both theseyoung gallants make theiranswer to Aaron, 
without ever hearing him propound his question. 
But we must supply, from the old quarto, 

——— Would it offend you then 
THAT BOTH SHOULD SPEED? 
P. 136. I come, Semiramis. 
Certainly, 
I, come, Semiramis. 
Ibid. This minion stood upon her chastity, 
Upon her nuptial vow, her loyalty, 
And with that painted Hope she braves your 
mightiness. 

I have a great suspicion’of this word hope; it does 
not give me any idea of the Poet's meaning; and 
Te I do not know what to substitute in its room. 

. A KILLING sweat o’erruns my trembling limbs. 


Both ‘the old quarto re folio read, CHILLING. 
VOL. II, P. 139. 


514 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


qgPil89. The dead man’s EARTHLY cheeks: 
I read, EARTHY. . ‘ oad 4 
'P. 142, —__—_—__—— those sweet ornaments, 


Whose circling shadows kings have sought to ; 


sleep in? 
And might not gain so great an happiness, 
As HALF thy love ! 
Half her love! But might they gain any part of 
her love? I am persuaded we should read, 
As HAVE thy love! 


P. 146..——————— What accursed hand 
Hath made thee handless in thy father’s siGHT. 
But though Lavinia appeared handless in her fa- 
ther’s presence, she was hardly made so in his sight. 
I suspect, : 
‘ ————— in thy father’s spicuT. 
i.e. in despight to thy father, to torment him. 


P. 149, Luc. Then Ill go fetch an axe. 
Mar. But I will use the axe. Ereunt. 
We ought to supply, Exeunt Luc. and Mare. 
for the stage is not cleared: Titus and Aaron remain. 
P. 150. For why, my bowels cannot HIDE HER woes. 
I think, HOLD THEIR. 


P. 151. To weep with them that weep doth ease some 
DEAL. 
I read, pore, #. e. grief. As in Hamlet, p. 313: 
In equal scale weighing delight and DoLe. 
Ibid. Ab, now no more will I controul my griefs. 
Ibid. The closing up of OuR most wretched eyes. 
Iread, rHy, and your. Marcus had before per- 
suaded Titus to be temperate, and restrain the excess 
of his sorrows; but now, says he, e’en indulge your 
sorrows, till they put an end! to your miserable life. 


/ 


P. 149.. Tell‘him, it, was a band,that warded HIM 
From thousand dangers. 

1 read, Rome; notwithstanding all, the copies: 
for Andronicus’s martial exploits were all over, be- 
fore Saturninus came to the Empire ;.so that sa va- 

our 


a sae 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 515 


lour was employed for his country, and not for the 
man. ; 
* P. 150. And do not break into these Two extremes. 
This reading, by which Mr. Pope gave you the 
trouble of a very probable emendation, first obtained, 
as far as I can find, from Mr. Rowe's edition in 
1709. A fine authority! All the oldest copies read, 
—__———_—— into these DEEP extremes: 
and this reading is certainly affirmed by Titus’s reply: 
Is not my sorrow DEEP, having no bottom? 
Then be my passions bottomless with them, 


P. 153. To bid Aneas tell his tale twice o’er. 

Annon potitis, Go bid, &c. Something is want- 
ing in the syntax: but it is plain our Author has the 

Quanguém animus meminisse horret, luctuque refugit, 
of Virgil, in mind. 

P. 154. And buz lamenting pornes in the air. 

I had, in my “Shakespeare Restored,” proposed to 
read, pronincs. Sed nimiim & ductu literarum 
abscedit. 1 can now come much nearer, and think 
it should be, potines. There is, indeed, a sort of 
tautology in the epithet, and substantive; but that 
is no new thing with our Author, 

So, in Locrine, p. 3301 (of Mr. Rowe’s edition) : 

And gnash your teeth with DOLOROUS LAMENTS. 

P. 156. Unless some’ fit or frenzy do possess her. 

I read, or. 

Ibid. And would ‘not, but'iin Fury. 

Dr. Thirlby had marked here, FRENZY; but, 
surely, there is no’occasion for a change. Our Poet 
uses the word fury: for madness, with the same 
elegance as’the Latins were wont, 

Ira FUROR brevis est.—Hor. 1 Ep. ii. 62. 

P. 158, —+—-—__——_ As with the woeful PEER, 

‘And father, of the chaste dishonour’d dame. 

I read, PHEREY "9 

So, in Chaucer's Troilus, b. 1. st. 2: 

A woeful wight to havea dreary PHERE. 
2L2 And 


516 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And so Lidgate in his Story of Thebes, Part I. 
This Oedipus among his playing PHERES. 
P. 158. And see their blood, or die with this reproach. 
But if they endeavoured to throw off the reproach, 
though they fell in the attempt, they could not be 
properly said to die with that reproach. I read, 
And see their blood, ERE die with this reproach. 
The angry Northern wind 
Will blow these sands like sthyl’s leaves abroad, 
And where’s your lesson then ? 
Verum eadem verso tenuis cm cardine ventus 
Impulit, et ¢eneras turbavit janua frondes ; 
Nunquam deinde cavo volitantia prendere saxo, 
Nec revocare situs, aut jungere carmina curat. 
Virg. Zn. iii. 448. 
P. 159. But yet so just, that he will not revenge, 
Revenge THE heav’ns for old Andronicus. 
I read, and point thus: 
But yet so just, that he will not revenge. 
Revenge, yz heav’ns, for old Andronicus ! 
P. 160. Here ’s no sounp jest. 
I read, ron. i. e. idle, foolish. 
Ibid. Here Lacks but your mother to say Amen. 
O the ears of these delicate Editors! 
Euphonic gratid, we must read: 
Here lacketh but your mother to say Amen. 
P. 164, Come, Marcus, come kinsmen, this isthe way. 
Ears, again! We must either stop it thus, 
Come, Marcus, come ;—Kinsmen, &c. 
Or transpose thus : 
Come, Marcus; Kinsmen, come; &c. 
P. 169. Enter Nuntivs Amilius. 

I wonder whether Mr. Pope has discovered any 
Roman family that had the prenomen of Nuntius. 
Shakespeare, I dare say, meant no more than, 
Enter Zmilius with news, as a messenger. 

Which sort of character, you know, dear Sir, was 
distinguished by the Greek Dramatists only by. the 
title of “Ayysaog, and Nuncivs by the Latins. a 

the 


Ibid. 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. ‘517 


the way, the Editor should have given his new- 
adopted citizen, Nuntius, a place in the Dramatis 
Persone. 

P. 173. With twenty PopisH tricks. 

You propose, purry. I had guessed, aprsH: and 
yet, on my conscience, notwithstanding the absur- 
dity, 1 am inclined to believe our Author wrote 
Popish. As above, at p. 122, he says: 

Sith priest and HOLY WATER are so near, 

The catholick leven seems to be fermenting in him. 

P. 177. See, here he comes; and I must PLAY my 

theme. 

Old quarto, melits, pry. 

P. 185. The villain is alive in Titus’s house, 

AnD as he is, &c. 
I read, pamy’p as he is, &c.; as afterwards, p. 187: 
See justice done on Aaron that DAMN’D Moor. 

And here I have done with this damn’d Play. 
Dear Macbeth lies next ; but I will not enter upon 
him here. 

To conclude therefore with an excursion or two. 

2 Henry IV. p. 310: 

Have we not HIREN here. 

A certain parcel of Free-masons, that are very 
zealous to have me of the order, do pretend to ex- 
plain this. They say, Shakespeare was a Free-ma- 
son, and was paying honour here to an old brother 
of their Society. They will have him therefore to 
read, 

Have we not Hiram here? 

i. e. the King of Tyre, so often mentioned in Scrip- 
ture, a friend to David and Solomon, in furnishing 
them with Masons, &c. and consequently was one 
of the fraternity. They therefore imagine that Pis- 
tol here calls Sir John, Hiram ; intimating that he 
was as friendly and bounteous as that Prince is sup- 
posed upon reeord. I do not know what I should 
say to this, if I had once taken their oath: but 

I cannot 


518 ILLUSTRATIONS OF, LITERATURE. 


‘I cannot say the discovery much accords with my 
ideas on the subject. nG Siti 


I will venture to give you one of more certainty. - 
Twelfth Night, p. 246 >) ! 
Why should J not, had J the heart to do’t, 
Like to th’ Egyptian thief, at point of death, 
Kill what I love? a savage jealousy, 
That sometimes sayours nobly, q 
We were both atia loss for this piece of history: I 
think, I have now found it. This Boyptian Thie was 
Tuyomis, who was a native of Memphis, and at the 
head of a band of robbers. ‘Theagenes and Chariclia 
falling into their hands, Thyomis fell desperately in 
love with the lady, and would have married her. 
Soon after, a stronger body of robbers coming down 
upon Thyomis’s party, he was in such fears for his 
mistress [indigmm ratus aliquem alium Chariclid 
potiri], that he had her shut into a cave with his 
treasure: It was customary with those barbarians, 
when they despaired of their own safety, first to 
make away with those whom. they held dear, and 
desired for companions in the next life. Thyomis, 
therefore, benetted round with his enemies, [pra- 
cipué citm veluti retibus hostium copiis circumdatus 
esset | raging with love, jealousy, and anger, [amo- 
re vero, xelotypid et ird furens] went to his cave, 
and, calling aloud in the Egyptian tongue, so soon 
as he heard himself answered towards the cave’s 
mouth by a Grecian, making to her by the direc- 
tion of her voice, he caught her by the hair with his 
left hand, and with his right plunged his sword into 
her breast. Heliodor. Aithiopie. lib. J. cap. 3. 


I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, °! 519) 


LETTER Lil. 


To the Rey. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Feb. 26, 1729-30. 

I hope this will find you in a perfect state of 
health, though I have not had the iat of hear- 
ing from you since the 18th instant, in which you 
acknowledged the receipt of two of mine, No, 18 
and 19; since which I have sent 20, 21, 22, and 23. 

I now proceed to Macbeth. 

P. 192. So from that spring whence comfort seem’d 

to come, 
DiscOMFORT SWELL’D. 

The sense of this is certainly very plain, but is 
water properly said to swell from a spring? I have 
guessed, DISCOMFORTS WELL’D. To well, you know, 
is to rise as water does from a spring. 

So Chaucer, Troilus, book iv. verse 709: 

Her tearis, they ganin so up to WELL, 

So, in his Testament of Love, p. 480, of Urry’s 
edition : ; 

I can no more, but here outcast of all wellfare 

abide the day of my deth, or els to se the sight that 

‘might all my WELLYNGE sorrowes voide, and of the 
flode make an ebbe. 

P. 193. I must report they were 

' As cannons overcharg’d with double cracks, 
So they re-doubled 
I have no-idea of cannons being overcharged with 
cracks. [I would read, 
As cannons overcharg’d; with double cracks 
So they redoubled —— 
Ibid. Norway himself, with numbers terrible, 
Assisted by that most 

Would not the sense have been every whit as full, 
if the Poet had said, Norway assisted, as to sa 
Norway himself assisted? I therefore think there is 
Bag vii a further 


=~ 


520 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


a further energy to be restored, which has been lost 
by the false pointing : 

Norway, himself with numbers terrible, 

Assisted by and.so more terrible. 


P. 193, Point against point, rebellious arm ’gainst arm. 

But let us look back here, and see who it is that 
brings this rebellious arm; why, it is Bellona’s 
bridegroom ; and who is he but Macbeth. I can 
never believe our Author meant any thing like this. 

I read, 

Point against point rebellious, arm ’gainst arm — 

And so the loyal Macbeth fought hand to hand 
against the disloyal traytor. 


P. 194, He shall live a man forbid. 
Does this mean simply, forbid to sleep? 
As in Midsummer Night’s Dream, p. 95: 
When thou wak’st, let love forbid 
Sleep his seat on thy eye-lid. 

Or, does forbid here signify, as under a curse, an 
interdiction? So, afterwards in this Play, p. 246: 
By his own INTERDICTION stands accurst. 

And so an outlaw, amongst the Romans, was said 
to be agud & igni 1nTERDICTUS. 


P. 195. The WEYwarbD sisters, — 


Tam sure I shewed you my emendation of this 
to WEIRD, 7. e. wizard: so will avoid repetitions. 


P. 196. Or have we eaten of the INSANE root, 
Which takes the reason pris’ner? 

Insana radix, scil. que insanos reddit; ut, Pal- 
lida Mors. Hector Boethius, giving us an account 
of Sueno’s army being intoxicated by bread and ale 
put upon them by their subtle enemy, says, that 
there is a plant which grows in great quantity in 
Scotland, called Solatrum amentiale: that it has a 
quality of laying to sleep; or of driving into mad- 
ness, if a more than ordinary quantity of it be taken 
in medicine. Shakespeare doubtless alludes — 

ant, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, §21. 


Plant. Theophrastus and Dioscorides also notice it. 
Dioscorides mentions the root of it, drunk in wine, to 
have these effects (as Shakespeare here does); and 
they all agree expressly that an exorbitant dose of it 
makes the patient fancy he sees APPARITIONS. 

P. 197. His wonders and his praises do contend, 

Which would be thine, or his. Silenced with 
that, — 

This I cannot say I understand; or what the King 
was silenced with. 

P. 198, ——————— present FEARS 

Are Jess than horrible imaginings, 

I remember, you change this to Feats. I will 
tell you, dear Sir, how I had conceived it; that the 
terrors at the instant of committing an execrable 
action, do not come up to those horrid apprehen- 
sions which fill up the interval betwixt the contriving 
and executing it. Unless thus explained, to be sure, 
fears and horrible imaginings are synonymous. It 
is an observation of Machiavel’s, that things which 
seem to be, and are not, are more feared far off; 
than near at hand. And in his Mandragola he 
thus expresses himself: “* E sono molte cose, che 
discosto paiono terribili, insopportabili, strane; & 
quando tu ti appressi loro, le riescono humane, sop- 
portabili, domestiche. Et perd si dice, che sono 
maggiori li spaventi, che i mali.” Act III. Scene xi. 


P. 199. That swiftest winp of recompense is slow. 
Folio, rectitis, WING. 
P. 200, —__-——~ by doing ev’ry thing 
Safe tow’rd your love and honour. 
I do not apprehend what our Poet means by safe 
here, ‘ 


P. 203. Your face, my thane, is as a book, where men 
May read strange matters to beguile the time. 

Look like, the time. 
I think, verily, the wife means here that Macbeth 
looks so full of thought and solemn-reflection upon 
the 


522 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the purposed act, that people may comment upon 
the reason of his gloom; and therefore desires him, 
in order to blind the eye of observation, to wear a 
face of pleasure and entertainment. I restore thus: 
Your face, my thane, is as a book, where men 
May read strangé matters, — To beguile the time, 
Look like the time; &c. 
So again, p. 207, Macbeth says, 
Away, and mock the TIME with fairest SHOW. 
And Macduff, at p. 245, ; 
the TIME you may so HOODWINK. 


P. 211. Balm of burt minds, great Nature’s second 
COURSE, 
Chief nourisher in Life’s feast. 

T am s0 little versed in the nature of regular en- 
tertainments, that I do not know whether the se- 
cond course is always replenished with the most 
nourishing dishes; but I rather think, feast follow- 
ing made our Editors serve up this second course. 

think it should be, 
great Nature’s second sourcr — f 
z. e. we seem dead in sleep ; and by its refreshments, 
Nature, as it were, wakes to a second life. 


P. 216, Zo countenance this horror.—RiNG THE BELL, 
Lady, ———— What’s the business. 

Macduff had said, at the beginning of his speech, 
Ring out the alarum bell ; me if the bell had been 
rung out immediately, not a word of what he says 
could have been distinguished. Ring the bell, I 
say, is a marginal direction in the Prompter’s Book, 
for him to order the bell to be rung at the minute 
that Macduff ceases speaking. In proof of this, 
please to observe, dear Sir, that the hemistich end- 
ing Macduff’s speech, and that beginning the Lady’s, 
make up a complete verse. Now, if Ring the bell 
had been a part of the text, can we imagine the 
Poet would have begun Lady Macbeth’s speech 
with a broken line? 

P. 217. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 523. 


P. 217. His silver skin Lac’p with his golden blood. 
For lac'd you, Sir, proposed to read, Laav’D; 
but I am afraid, che cest un peu plus recherchee. 
By rac’p, Lam apt to imagine our Poet meant to 
describe the blood running out, and diffusing itself 
into little winding streams, which looked like the 
work of lace, wpon the skin. 
So Cymbeline, p. 31: 
—— white and azure, Lac’D 
With blue of heav’n’s own tinct, - 
And Romeo and Juliet, p. 273: 

Look, love, what envious streaks 

Do LACE the sey’ring clouds in yonder East. 
.Goary blood is most absurd, I know the vulgar 

say, all of a gore-blood. But Shakespeare, I dare 
say, wrote, GOLDEN. 
So above, p. 212: 

—_——_—— If he BLEED, 

I’ll Gitp the faces of the grooms withal, Yar 
Besides, our Poet aimed at a contrast in the terms. 
So Troilus, p. 276: 

I had as lieve Helen’s GOLDEN tongue had com- 

mended Troilus for a COPPER nose. 
And again, p. 289: 
I'll hide my sttver beard in a GOLD beaver. 
Et alibi passim. , 
P. 217. Inthe great liand of God I stand, and THENCE. 
I do not take our Poet’s image here, or what he 
means by thence, 


P. 218. Beauteous and swift, the mintons of THEIR 

race, — 

I am pretty certain all the copies err in this read- 
ing. I restore, 5; 
the minions of THE race : 

t,e. excellent racers; not the best of their breed. 
Shakespeare is fond of this way of expressing him- 
self. above, p. 192: 


Like VALOuR’s MINION carved out his passage. - 
King 


524 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


King John, p. 26: 
Fortune shall cull forth 
Out of one side her happy MINION, 
First Part of Henry IV. p. 181: 
Who is sweet FORTUNE’S MINION, and her pride. 
And again, p. 183: 
Gentlemen of the shade, mux1ons of the Moon, &e. 
P. 221, Let ev’ry man be master of his time 
Till sev’n at night, to make society 
The sweeter welcome: we will keep ourself 
Till supper time alone : — 
T point it thus: 
Till sev’n at night. To make society 
The sweeter welcome, we will, &c. 
and think we do not come at the Poet's sense with- 
out this change. 
P. 224. Acquaint you with the perfect spy o’ th’ time, 
The moment on’t, — 
Quid sibi vult, Spy? Will it signify the very 
nick, crisis, critical minute of time? 
Ibid. ——————- for ’t must be done to-night, 
And something from the palace; and with him,— 
It is pity the Editors should grudge us Shake- 
speare’s reason, why this murder should be done at 
some distance from the palace, when the oldest co- 


- pies furnish us with one. Restore, 


————-— Palace ; always thought, : 
That 1 REQUIRE a CLEARNESS: and with him, &c. 
You and I know how minutely our Poet uses to 
follow History in his circumstances. Now hear 
Holinshed (from whom he has copied this whole 
tale), in his History of Scotland, p. 172: “ He willed 
therefore the same Banquho with his son named 
Fleance to come to a supper that he had prepared 
for them, which was indeed as he had devised, pre- 
sent death at the hands of certain murderers, whom 
he hired to execute that deed, appointing them to 
meet with the same Banquho and his son without 
the palace, as they returned to their lodgings, and 
there 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 525 


’ there to slea them, so that he would not have his 
house slandered, but-that in time to come he might 
CLEAR HIMSELFE, if any thing were laid to his charge 
upon any suspicion that might arise.” 

P. 227. You do not give the cheer; the feast is COLD 
That is not often vouched while ’t is making. 

Soup, say the old books: which, in my opinion, 
ought not to have been degraded. ‘The Queen would 
sty that guests in no manner pay for their cheer *, 

c. ? 

P, 229, —— Oh, these flaws and starts 

(IMPOsTORS to true fear,) — 

I do not understand the tendency of this word 
here. I have guessed, IMPORTERS to—i. é. that 
convey, bring in, lead to, &e. 

As below, p. 255: 

—— those linen cheeks of thine 
Are COUNSELLORS to fear. 
PB. 4317 Why so, — BE GONE — 
I am a man again. 
The old books read, 
Why so — BEING GONE, 
I am a man again. 

For Macbeth speaks this upon the ghost vanishing. 

P. 232. We’re yet but young INDEED. 

I read, 1N DEED; i. e. but little inured yet to 
blood and cruelty. 

So above, p. 226: 

Things bad begun make themselves strong in ill, 

So again, p. 258: 

Direness, familiar to my slaught’rous thoughts, 
Cannot once start me. 

3 Henry VI. p. 208 : 

Made impudent with use of evil deeds. 

Antony and Cleopatra, p. 20: 

“Not IN DEED, madam, for I can do nothing, 
But what indeed is honest to be done. 

* The meaning is,—That which is not given cheerfully, cannot 
be called a gift; it is something that must be paid for. 

* J aay 

s 


. 526 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


. As Troilus, dear Sir, should, in the order, fill 
upa part of my next, I should be glad to know, if 
you have yet any ways supplied the chasm of your 
book in that Play; or whether :you can supply that 
volume, or procure any other edition of Shakespeare, 
in your neighbourhood; otherwise, I believe, it 
will be best for me to pass’ on to the next Play, and 
not trouble you with guerenda upon it. 

. Toam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER LIII. 


‘o the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, . Wyan's Court, March 2, 1729-30. 
I think, I can have the satisfaction, before I pro- 
ceed on the remainder of Macbeth, to greet you 
with another discovery, as certain as that of the 
Egyptian thief killing his mistress. And it pleases 
me the more, because it clears up a passage, upon 
which we have only advanced dark and wild con- 
jectures, and not been able to satisfy ourselves. 
2 Henry IV. p. 310: 
Die men like dogs! — Give crowns like pins ! 
Have we not HIREN here? 
Pistol and Dol have been quarreling for above a 
pa before: her broad abuses throw him into the 
eight of one of his fustian passions. Falstaff had 
ordered him to quit the room; and Bardolf per- 
suades him to go, lest matters should rise to a 
brawl; upon which, in his drunkenness and 
vein of blustering honour, he falls into fresh rants; 
defies the consequences of the riot; and, clappin 
his hand on his sword, cries, Let come what will, 
have we not Hiren here? Shall I fear, that have 
this trusty and invincible sword by my side?—For, 
as the famous King Arthur's sword was called Cali- 
burne 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 527 


burne and Ron; as Edward the Confessor’s (which 
to this day is carried before our Kings at their coro- 
nation) was called Curtana; as Charlemagne’s, Joy- 
euse; Orlando’s, Durindana; Rinaldo’s, Fusberta; 
Rogero’s, Balisarda ; so Amadis du Gaul’s was called 
Hiren.—Now as this Romance was first written in 
Spanish, we may perhaps gather the reason of this 
name from that language. La Crusca explains hi- 
riendo (the gerund from hirir) en frappant, bat- 
tendo, percotendo, From hence it seems probable 
that hiren may be derived; and so signify a swash- 
ing, cutting, sword. And admitting this to be the 
eclaircissement of the passage, what wonderful hu- 
mour is there in the good Hostess so innocently mis- 
taking Pistol’s drift, fancying that he meant to fight 
for a strumpet.in the house, and therefore telling him, 
On my word, Captain, there ’s none such a bd 
What the goodjer ; do you think Iwould deny her? 


And now on to Macseru. 


—— The sons of Duncan, 
From whom this tyrant holds the due of birth, 
Live in the English Court, and are receiv’d 
OF the most pious Edward, &c. 

Thus I correct, in spite of these unobserving 
Editors : b 

The son of Duncan, &c, 
Lives in the Znglish Court, and 1s, &c. 

And the proofs: of the emendation are obvious. 
In the first place, Macbeth could not be said to-hold 
the due of birth from: both Duncan’s: sons. ‘The 
suecession to the crown: was: the right of Malcolm: 
and Donalbaine couldvhaveno claim to it, as long as 
his elder brother,.or any of his issue, were in being. 
In the next.place; the sons of Duncan did not bot! 
shelter in the English Court.» Upon the discovery 
of their father’s murder, the brothers thus confer to- 
gether: / 

Macc. What will yowdo? Let’s not consort with an: 5 
. ° 


P. 234. 


528 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


To shew an unfelt sorrow, is an office 

Which the false man does easy. Ill to ENGLAND, 
Don. To IRELAND, 1; ofr separated fortune 

Sball keep us both the safer, 

A determination, it is plain, they immediately 

put into act, or Macbeth had very bad intelligence, 
. 221: ° , 
y We hear our bloody cousins are bestow’d 
In England and in Ireland. 

Nor were they together, even at the time when 
Malcolm disputed his right with Maebeth, as appears 
afterwards, from p. 254: 

Who knows, if DonaLBAINE be with his brother? 

Len. For certain, Sir, he 1s Not. 

Besides, Hector Boethius and Holinshed (the lat- 
ter of whom our Author precisely follows) both in- 
form us, that Donalbaine remained in Ireland till 
the death of Malcolm and his Queen; and then, in- 
deed, he came over, invaded Scotland, and wrested 
the crown from one of his nephews. 

P. 237, 238. Apparition of an armed head rises.] 

Apparition of a bloody child rises.) 

Apparition of a child crowned, with a tree in his hand, 

rises. ] 

I cannot see a reason, from any circumstances in 
the story, for this particular apparatus, and furni- 
ture of these ghosts, why one should be only an 
armed head, another a bloody child, and the third 
equipped with a tree. 

P. 238. Had I three ears, I’d hear thee. 

Does this mean that, had he never so many ears, 
his whole faculty of hearing should be employed? 
I remember, our Poet has expressed himself much 
more oddly in Hamlet, p. 269: 

We shall obey, were she ten times our mother. 
Which I do not very well understand. It is the 
very reverse of that easy and intelligible way of ex- 
pressing, which we meet with in Richard the Se- 
cond, p. 164: 

Were he twenty times 
My son, I would appeach him. 
P. 238. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.’ 529 
- - P. 238, ‘And wéars upon his baby-brow the round 
bail: And Top of sov’reignty. 

But is the Crown properly the top of sovereignty, 
or only the emblem and distinguishing mark of that 
high rank? I would read, 

And Type of sov’reignty. 
So 3 Henry VI. p. 209 : 
Thy father bears the Type of King of Naples. 
Richard the Third, p: 380: ‘ 
The high imperial Type of this earth’s glory. 

Ibid. Rebellious HEAD rise never. . 

So I have corrected this passage, with you, in my 
s* Shakespeare Restored.” 


P. 239, Eight Kings appear and pass over in order, 
and Banquo last, with a glass in his hand. 
The Editors have blundered even in this stage- 
direction. I correct thus: 
Eight Kings appear and pass over in order (and 
Banquo), Tue last with a glass in his hand.) 
For it is not Banquo that brings the glass, as is 
evident from the following speech: 
And yet the EIGHTH appears, WHO bears a glass 
Which shews me many more, 


P. 241. 


to leave his wife, to leave his babes, 
His mansion, and his TITLES. 
What is the meaning here of leaving his tiles; 
that by flying he ran the hazard of being attainted, 
and so forfeiting his family honours? 


Ibid. But float upon a wild and yiolent sea 
Each way, and MOVE. 

It would be something of a wonder had they 
floated and not moved. Sure this is a reading too 
flat for our Author. I read, 

Each way and WAVE. 
é. e. they not only float backward and forward, but 
are the sport of each distinct and particular wave ; 
which exaggerates the thought. 

P. 244, —— I’m young, but something 

You may DESERVE of him through me. 
VOL. II. 2M I had 


5390 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I had corrected this with you; and brought an~ 
other passage, in which, vice versd, the error had 
been committed upon the other word. 

The old quarto of Lear (printed 1608) : 

——_ an eye DESERVING 
Thine honour from thy suffering. 
where the sense evidently demands DIscERNING. 
P. 246, —_————— This avarice 
Sticks deeper; grows with more pernicious 
root 
Than Summer-sEEMING Lust ; — 

T had corrected with you, dear Sir, long ago, 
Summer-teeming ; and brought this passage in proof 
from 2 Henry VI. p. 130: 

Now’ tis the Spring, and weeds are shallow-rooted, 
Suffer ’em now, and they ’I! o’ergrow the garden. 

But I have a little exception to sticks deeper. I 
should think strikEs deeper; a tree, or Plant, is 
said by the gardeners to strike, when it shoots its 
fibres out deep into the earth, and begins to feel its 
root. 

P. 247. Iam yet unknown to WOMEN. 

The first folio, certainly better, woman. 


P. 250. He has no children. 

In this beautiful, short reflection, you think that 
Macduff is weighing the unequal reparation that he 
can have from Macbeth, in that the Tyrant has no 
children for him to destroy in revenge. I rather 
imagine, that Macduff is dwelling on the object of 
his distress, and reflecting that Macbeth, having no 
children, cannot feel the pangs of his sorrow, or he 
could not have. been so cruel. 

So Constantia, in King John, p. 48: 

He talks to me, that never had a son, 

And so Queen Margaret, in 3 Henry VI. p, 281: 
Yon have no children, butchers; if you had, 
The thought of them would have stirr’d up re- 

morse. 


P, 254, And many UNRUTF’D youths. 


I restore, 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 531 


I restore, unroucH, as I hinted to you upon 
King Jobn, p. 75: ; 
This UNHAIR’D sauciness. 
P. 255. I have liv’d long enough, my way of life 
Is fall’n into the sear. 
t. e. I suppose, the progress of my life. 

This expression is very like one of Menander’s, in 
his Fragments, p. 250, edit. Clerici: 
tm THPQE ’OAQ?. 

P. 258. And all our yesterdays have lighted fools 

The way to stupy Death. 

But, sure, it would sort better with the character 
of wise men to study how to die, from the expe- 
rience of past times. The old copies read, Dusty 
Death. I doubt not but it should be, i 

The way to Dusky Death. 

P. 259. 1’gin to be weary of the Sun. 

—— tedet celi convexa tueri. VirG. En. iv. 451. 

P. 263, In the unshrinking station where he fought, 

But like a man he dy'd. 

Nam feré, quem quisque vivus pugnando locum ceperat, 
eum amissd animd corpore tegebat. Sautust. de Catilina, 

P, 264, ———— By the grace of HEAV’N 

We will perform in measure, time, and place, 

All the old copies, Grace. I cannot imagine wh 
Mr. Pope should have degraded a reading, which 
not only dismounts the rhyme intended, but dispos- 
sesses a mode of expression familiar with our Poet. 

So, All’s Well that Ends Well, p. 111: 

The greatest grace lending grace, 
(As the first folio reads). 

So, 3 Henry VI. p. 222: 

And, spight of spight, needs must I rest awhile. 

Antony and Cleopatra, p. 6: 

Now for the love of love and his soft hours. 

Et alibi pluries. 

So much, dear Sir, for Macbeth. I have too little 
space left to begin on the succeeding Play; and there- 
fore will release you at once, by confessing myself, 
dearest Sir, your most affectionate and obliged friend 
and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


2M 2 LETTER 


532 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER LIV. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. . 
. t 
Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Mar. 3, 1729-30. 
This will reach you, accompanied with another 
of mine of the same date (No. 25) in which I per- 
fected my enquiries on Macbeth. I'now proceed 
on Troilus and Cressida (such part of it, I mean, 
as is comprized in your imperfect book; till I hear 
you are furnished with a better copy). 
Prologue. And corresponsive and fulfilling bolts. 
I read, full-filling, i. e. bolts large enough to 
Jill up their whole staples. 
Ibid. BeGinnine 1 THE middle: starting thence, 
To what may be digested in a play. i 


The old folio reads, 
starting thence Away, 


and makes a rhyme, which, I think, was designed ~ 
by the Poet towards the close. ' 
To avoid the dragging Alexandrine in the first line 
of the couplet, we may read : oie 
"GINNING I’ TH’ middle ; starting thence away, &c. 
Dramatis Persone. Four speaking characters are 
left out of this list ; viz. A Bastard Son of Priam ; 
Cassandra, a Prophetess, daughter of Priam; Alex- 
ander, Cressida’s man ; Boy to Troilus. 
P, 269. . 1'll wnarm. again, 
Why should I war without the walls of Troy, 
That find such cruel battle here within 2 
What a consonance is there betwixt this thought, 
and the Fourteenth Ode of Anacreon. 
Marw 2 ex Boein, 
Ti vag Bardust’ Ew, 
Maxns tow uo éxchons 5 
P. 271. Reply not in how many fathoms deep 
They lie INTRENCH’D. 


From 


“THEOBALD! AND “WARBURTON. | 533 


~ From several quotations in my “Shakespeare Re> 
stored,” I endeavoured to prove that we ought'to read 
with the first folio, INDRENCH’D. : 
P.'271. The cignet’s down is harsh, and sPiRIT of SENSE 
Hard as the palm of ploughman. des 

In a former of yours, you objected to spirit of 
sense as unintelligible. I believe, our Poet means 
by it,: that most oe sensation which can ‘be 
communicated by e touch; and I am very apt to 
think the text sincere, because the Poet, speaking 
afterwards of the powers of the eye, uses the same 
expression, ‘p. 323: : 


Nor doth the eye itself 
(That most puré spikir of sens&) behold itself 
Not going from itself, &c. 
P. 272. And he’s as teachy to be woo’d to WOE, - 
As she is stubborn, chaste, against all suée, 


I read, 


woo'd to WOOR, 
As she is stubborn-chaste against all suit. 

P. 273, Before the sun rose, he was HARNEST LIGHT. 

l restored formerly, HARNESS-DIGHT, 7. e. armed, 
dressed in his armour. : 

Ibid. A man, into: whom Nature hath so crowded hu- 

mours, that his valour is crushed into folly, his folly 
SAUCED with discretion: rant 

Considering the words, crowded, and crushed, for 
the better agreement of the metaphors throughout; 
I have guessed ranceD. 

Pu uia. Good-morrow, ALEXANDER, 

I think the Editor’s note here more. absurd than 
the poor innocent words he would cashier. ~-Panda- 
rus, being of a busy, fiddling, insinuating, charac- 
ter, it is natural for him, as soon as lie has given his 
cousin the good morrow, to pay his civilities too to 
his attendant; who, Iam persuaded, is’ the Alex- 
ander here intended. . Paris had’ no patent from 
any one for ingrosing the name to himself. But, 
perhaps, our Editor, because we have had an pies? 
ander 


§34 ‘ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
ander the Great; Pope Alexander, and Alexander 


Pope, cannot consent to have so eminent a name 
aig toa common valet. — It falls out — 
uckily, however, for his remark, that though Paris 
is, for the generality, in Homer called Alexander, 
yet in this Play of our Author, by any one of. the 
characters introduced, he is called nothing but Pants. 

P. 277. That ’s true, make no question of that: Two 
and fifty hairs, quoth he, and one white; that white 
hair is THE * father, and all the rest are his sons. 

I read here, and in the preceding speech, ONE 
and fifty—lHow else can the number make out 
Priam and his sons? 

Ibid. Hark, they are coming from the field; shall we 
stand up here, and see them as they pass towards 
lium? 

This conduct of the Poet, in making Pandarus 
decypher the warriors as they pass, seems an imita- 
tion of Homer’s Helen on the walls. This incident, 
a know, dear Sir, was borrowed by Euripides, in 

is Phoenisse; and again copied by Statius in. the 

Ninth Book of his Thebais, where he makes Phor- 
bas shew to Antigone the heads of the Theban army. 

P. 278. Cress. Will he give you the nod? 

Pand. You shall see. 
Cress. If he do, the rich shall have more. 

I doubt not but a jest is designed in the odd con- 
clusion Cressida here makes: -but, I confess, I am 
in the dark as to the allusion. 

P. 281. Things won are done, the soul’s joy lies in doing. 

First folio, 

——_—_—_———— joy’s soul lies in the doing. 

P. 282. With due observance of thy GOODLY seat. 

I would read, GopLiKE. 

So, p. 287: I 

Which is that Gop in office, GuiDING men? 
Which is the Argh and mighty Agamemnon? 


* Folio, 1623, reads, my. 
P, 283. 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 535 


P. 283, ‘Troy, yet upon His basis, had been down. 
Tread, ner. So, p. 285: 
And “tis this fever that keeps Troy on foot, 
Not HER own sinews. 
P. 284. Quite from their FIXTURE. 
We must read, FIxuRE; afixus, fivura. 
Ibid. —————_—— Right and wrong, 
Between whose endless jar Justice resides) 
Would lose their names, and so would Justice too. 
Est modus in rebus; sunt certi denique fines, 
Quos ultra citraque nequit consistere rectum. 
Hor. 1 Sat. i, 106. 
P, 286. They call this bed-work, mapp’ry, closet-war. 
I think rather, 
————— bed-work mapp’ry, closet-war, 
As Cymbeline, p. 49: 
A cell of ign’rance ; travelling a-bed, ke, 
P, 239, —___——— His youth Is flood ; 
1’ll pawn this truth, &c, 
First folio, rectids, 


His youth in flood, 
I'll pawn, &c. 
i.e. though he be in the prime, and flood of his 
youth, &e. 
Ibid. 


— Let me touch your hand: 
To our pavilion shall I lead you first : 
Achilles shall haye word, &c. 
I think the right pointing is this : : 
———_-————— shall I lead you? First, 
Achilles shall have word, &c. 
P. 290. —. ———— who miscarrying, 
What heart from hence receives the con- 
' qu’ring part! 
To steel a strong opinion to peers ag ; 
I regulate thus: 
What heart from hence receives the aug ting part, 
To:steel a strong opinion to themselves ! 
P. 291. and-make him fall 
His crest, that prouder than blue Iris bends, 
I do not takethe Poet's image here; why, bends ? 
That does not seem the antithesis to fall. Nor 
is 


536 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


is Iris ever represented with plumes to answer\to | 
crest. 


P. 292. Speak then, you UNsaLTeED leven, speak 
This is a reading of no age, nor authority; but 
coined to supply the degraded wxrnt'sr, woh the 
Editors knew not what to make of. Might it not be, 
Speak then, you UNWINNOoW’D leaven, &c. 
#. e. you leaven made of the foulest, most unpurged 
grain, never boulted. \ Supra, p. 270: 
Ay, the BOULTING ; but you must tarry the LEAV’NING, 


P. 295. There’s Ulysses, and old Nestor (whose wit 


was mouldy ere THEIR grandsires had nails on their 
toes.) 


This is one of these Editors’ wise riddles. 
But we must read, ; 
E’er your grandsires, % 
speaking to Achilles, Ajax, and Patroclus. 
As above, p. 289: 
Tell him of Nestor, one that was a°man, 
When Hector’s grandsire suck’d. 
P. 296. After so many HOURS, lives, speeches spent. 
Annon, YEARS. 
That after sev’n YEaRS siege, yet Troy walls 
stand; p. 281. : 
Ibid. Weigh you the worth and honour of a king 
(So great 1s our dread father) in a scale, &c, 
What wonderful news Troilus is here made to tell 
his elder brethren, that their father isa king! ~ 
But we must restore, with the old folio, 
——_—_-——- and honour of a king 
So great as our dread father, in a scale, &c. 
PP. 297. To make the service greater than the Gops, 
Folio, rectizs, Gon. 
P. 299. Virgins and boys, mid-age and writikled? OLD, 
Soft infancy. 
As all the rest are reslesiepaiaan I think, this should 
rather be, ELD, i.e.) elders, old folks. 
As, Merry. Wives,; p. 277: 
The superstitious idle-headed exp, ‘ 
P. 2991 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 53¢. 


_, P. 299, Now,,vouTH Troilus, do not the high strains. 
O harmony of versification! But we must restore 
with the old copies, 
Now, YouTHFuL Troilus, 
, P..300. Paris and Troilus, you have both said well: 
, Anp on the cause. , 
' Tread," 
Bur on the cause: ' 
#.e. they have spoken well in general; but glossed 
but very superficially 0 on the particular point in 
question. 


P. 301. After 
I was adyertis’d, their great gen’ral slept, 
the old folios add, 


While emulation i in the army crept. 


P. 304, “and war and lechery confound all ! 

, Here we must add, ELxit Thersites. 

‘Ibid. He sent our messengers, 

~ Tread, 

We sent our egesengers. 
Supra, p. 2893+ ; 
Achilles shall” biog word of this intent ; 
So shall each.lord:of Greece from tent to tent. 
Or, 
: He siev? dur méssengers. 
z. e. rated, coritémned.' As in Anton 3 p- 26: 
hin You did pockeéd up my letters, and with taunts 
Did cise my-Misstve oat of audience. 
P. 308) I will knead him, &c: / 
‘This’ I liad long ago’ placed to Ulysses. 
ye 'P. $09. What musick is this ?’ 
'Sérv. I do partly know, Sir! it is musick in parts. 
The first folio reads, 
“~*1do sur partly know, &e: 
P. 312, Pand. What says my sweet queen? 
My ‘cousin will fall out-with you. 

«Dr. Thirlby gives us this remark: Pandarus must 
be supposed to have forgot himself; if he speaks this 
Sean | ‘think the latter branch ‘of the 

ae ~ sentence 


538 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
sentence should be spoken by Paris.’ But Shake- 
speare has himself hinted, that Pandarus and Paris 
are cousins. ai 

P. 312. I'll lay my life, with my DISPOsER Cressida. 

I cannot conceive, upon what account ‘Paris is 
made to call Cressida his disposer ; or what the term 
can mean here. 

Ibid, My niece is horribly in love with a thing you 

have, sweet queen. 

Is Pandarus throwing a wanton slur upon his 
niece; and hinting that she sadly wanted such a man 
bedfellow as Helen had in Paris? 

And now, dear Sir, I am come to the place where 
the hiatus in your book begins: unless I hear that 
the ma vette is supplied to you, my next must 
pr at p. 337. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER LY. 


To the Rev. Mr. WArbuRTON. 


Dear Stir, Wyan's Court, Mar. 6, 1729-30. 
I have received the pleasure of yours (No. 27) of 
the 2d instant. Before this shall reach you, you will 
have received an explanation of Hiren (in my No. 
26) that, I think, will admit it no longer to remain 
a mystery. I have likewise ventured to proceed to 
those parts of Troilus that precede the chasm in 
your book : and will now resume them from that 
page where your book begins again to be perfect. 
I will only take notice of one intermediate passage 
as an imitation. 
P. 319, ——_——_—— To be wise and love, 
Exceeds‘ man’s might, and dwells with gods 
above. 
Amare et sapere vix Deo conceditur.—Sed malim, 


DEIs scil. ethnicis : ut obitér annotare licet. 
P. 338. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 539 


P. 338. Trot. No remedy. When shall we see again? 
Hear me, my love; be thou but true of heart. 

In the first place, the Editors have left out a verse 
which we must supply from the old folios; in the 
next place it is evident from the second verse here, 
and the close of Troilus’s subsequent speech, that, 
when shall we see again? is none of his question. 

T restore thus : 

Troil. No remedy. 

Cress. A woeful Cressid’ mongst the merry Greeks! 
When shall we see again? 4 

Troil. Hear me, my love: be thou, &c. 

This is perfectly in character for Cressida; so 
Imogen, when her husband is on the point of going 
into his banishment: Cymbeline, P 9: 

— O the gods! 
When shall we see again ? 


Ibid, Hear while I speak it, love. 
Read, with the first folio, 
Hear, why I speak it, love. 


Ibid. A kind of Gopxy jealousy. 

Our Poet, by this epithet, seems to have had in 
view 2 Corinthians, xi. 2: “ For I am jealous over 
you with a copxy jealousy.” 


P. 340.:To saame the seat of my petition towards thee 
By praising her. 
I am far from clear in the meaning of this phrase. 


P. 341. Here art thou in appointment fresh and fair, 
Anticipating time. With starting courage, 
I chuse to read, 
Anticipating time with starting courage. 
P. 343. Acu. ’Tis done like Hector, But securely done, 
A little proudly, and great deal misprizing 
The knight oppos’d. 

I cannot imagine why it should be inferred, when 
Hector jis indifferent whether the combat was to be 
only a breathing, or carried to extremity, that this 

concession 


540° ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


concession is securely made in him. Besides, Aga- 
memnon and Auneas were discoursing on this point, 
and it seems necessary, for Againemnon. to make the 
reply ; and then it is very suitable to Achilles, in the 
displeasure he had of, Ajax being allotted to the 
combat, to give an invidious turn to it, I would 
regulate it thus : fe 
" Acuit. ’Tis done like Hector. 
Acam. —— But securely done. 
_ .  <Acuit. A little proudly, &c. 
Or, thus, : 
Acam..’Tis done like Hector ; NoT securely done. 
__ Acnit. A little proudly, é 
é..e, when Agamemnon has gallantly confessed, it 
is done like Hector, and without any regard to the 
hazard: it is natural for Achilles to reply ; “ What 
though it is not securely done? yet it is proudly 
done, and with contempt to his opponent.” 


P. 345. Not Neoptolemus so mirable, &c. [ 

‘We agreed, I remember, that Shakespeare must 
have forgot the truth of the story, in this mention 
of Neoptolemus. But looking inio an old Treatise, 
( rfuited by Wynkyn de Worde, anno1503, calledthe 
Recyles and Sieges of Troy) # find there that among 
the list of the warriors, that came with Agamemnon 
beforé ‘Troy, Neoptolemus is mentioned ; without 
any notice of his being the son of Achilles, or of 
his not coming to the war till after his father’s death, 
(And the spurious Dares Phrygius has committed 
the very same fault.) And to this old Treatise it is, 
(and not to Lollius, or Chaucer, as the Editors ima- 
gine,) that our Author. owes his subject ; for hence 
only. he could derive the name of Hector’s horse, 
Galathe; Troilus’s horse being taken by Diomede ; 
and several other circumstances that I could parti- 
cularize; 

P, 349, ——+—— Thé gen’ral state, I fear, 


Can scarce intréat you To be odd with bim: 
s 


\ THEOBALD AND® WARBURTON! ‘54 


Does Ajax mean that Achilles has-so little regard 
for the common ‘cause, that he will hardly be | re- 
yailed upon to fight with Hector? or must ‘we read, 

—_————— Nor be odd with him. = 5 
i. e. the general posture of our affairs is so bad, that 
they can scarce persuade you not to engage ons 
Hector. Sed minus placet. 
P. 350. How now, thou core of envy? 
Thou crusty BATCH of Nature. 

e read, BOTCH. So, above, p. 292: 

Were not that a BoTCHY core?. ) , lftas 

Ibid. Well said, apversiry. 

If the text be right here, as I ain afraid: it is, this 
is a very singular use of: the-word. The meaning 
should be, well said, cross-purposes’: but that ad- 
versity ever before signified this; i bey can ima- 
gine. 

P..351. 


Take, and take again mr preposterous 
discoveries ? 
What. discoveries? Does Themises, allude to the 
invention of unnatural lewdness? 9900) 9 
P. 353. Ulyss, She will sing to any manvat bret sight. 
Thers. And any man ma psig TO HER, if he 
can take her > she’s noted. . \ 
Should not this be, may) sinc HER, é. e. make 
music of her, play upon her, &¢. so oliff —_ noted 
seem to require. 
P. 356, And gives memorial dainty hides to it: 
As I kiss thee. 
Dio. Nay, do not snatch it from me. « 
Cress. He that takes that, must take my heart withal. 
I cannot think all is sound here. Can Diomede 
say, nay, don’t snatch it from me, when it appears 
that Cressida had it some time before? 
Cress. It is no matter, now I have ’t again. 
I conjecture thus : 
And gives memorial dainty kisses to it, 
Dio. As I kiss thee, 
[Diomede kissing her, offers to snatch it. 
Cress. 


s 542 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Cress. Nay, do not snatch it from me: ‘ 
He that takes that, must take my heart withal. 
P. 357. That doth invert TruaT Test of eyes and ears. 
I think, TH’ arrest. , 
Ibid. If there be rule in unity itself. 
This, indeed, I do not understand. 
P. 360. 


Tt were as lawful 
For us to count we give what’s gain’d by thefts, 
And rob in the behalf of charity. 

I do not clearly apprehend how this inference 
tallies with the beginning of Andromache’s argu- 
ment. The text varies in the old folio, and makes 
it still more perplexed : 


——_———— It is as lawful : 

For we would count give much to as violent thefts, 
And rob, &c. 

Ibid. Let Go thy sinews. 

First folio, melizs, 
Let Grow thy sinews. 


Ibid. When many times the captive Grecians fall. 
I think rather, carrirr. 


P. 363. Hence, brothel, lacquy ! 

The Editors here make Troilus call Pandarus 
brothel; which is absurd. But we must read, 

Hence, brothel-lacquy ! 
i. e. thou base attendant on a brothel. 
Ibid. O’ th’ other side the policy of those crafty 
SWEARING rascals. 

But why swearing ? What did Nestor and Ulys- 
ses swear ? I make no doubt it should be, sNEER- 
ING rascals ;_ 7. e. they had collogued with Ajax, and 
trimmed him up with praises, in order to have stir- 
red Achilles’s emulation; but their policy in this 
was disappointed. 


P. 367. Achil, Now do I see thee: have at thee, Hec- 
tor. 
Hect. Pause, if thou wilt. 
Achil, {do disdain thy courtesy, proud Trojan. 
I cannot 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 543 


I cannot understand. what our Poet means here: 
Achilles. is upon the point of attacking Hector ; 
Hector bids him take breath; Achilles will not ac- 
cept of the courtesy ; yet pretends to be restive, and 
leaves Hector with a threat that he will be up with 
him anon. 


. 


P. 368. One bear will not bite another. 
Sevis inter se convenit ursis.—JUVEN. 


P. 369. Thedragon wing of nighto’erspreads the earth ; 
And, stickler-like, the armies SEPARATE. 

But, with the Editors’ permissions, we must read, 
SEPARATES. Night is the stickler, that puts an end 
to the engagement, and separates the armies. I am 
apt to think Mr. Pope did not know the word, or 
the office of the person intended by it. The French 
call these gentry moyenneurs, arbitres, personnes 
interposées. They were called sticklers at first, I 
presume, at our bear-gardens; but they are now so 
genteel as to call them seconds. 


And now, dear Sir, I have run through those 
ie of Troilus which are contained in your book: 

will beg leave to fill up the little space left with 
three or four queries, drawn from those pages that 
are wanting with you, in the answering of which 
you will have no necessity of referring to the text.’ 


P. 319. True swains in Jove shall in the world to come 
Approve their truths by Troilus; when their 
rhymes, 
Full of protest, of oath, and big compare 
Want similies ; truth tir’d with iteration, . 
As true as steel, as PLANETS to the moon, 
As sun to-day, &c. 
The old copies read, 
——_——— As PLANTAGE to the moon. 
Tam at a loss to know which is the right reading. 
I have not Astronomy enough to know, how far the 
planets may be said to be true to the moon: on the 
ether hand, I have a notion, from Almanacks, &c. 
’ that 


644 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


that there is a direction for planting, and setting 
particular herbs, at a certain period of the moon. 
_ P. 321. Culch. Now, princes, for the service I have 
done you, 
Th’ advantage of the time prompts me aloud 
To on for recompence. Appear it to your 
min 
That, thro’ the sight I bear in things to come, 
I have abandon’d Troy, left my possessions, 
Incurr’d a;traitor’s name; expos’d myself 
From certain and possess’d conveniences, 
To doubtful fortunes, &e. 

Calchas is here pressing for some reward from the 
Grecian Princes, or his having come over to them : 
but does it in any kind add: to his merit with them, 
to say, gentlemen, by my prescience I found my 
country must be subdued and ruined, and therefore 
1 have left house and home in time, to come and 
serve you ?—Is not this odd? 

Ibid, ——-——-—— but this Antenor, 

I know, is such a wrest in their affairs, 
That their negotiations all must slack 
Wanting his manage. 

Should it not be, such a rest ; 7. e. a stay, a prop? 

P. 333. Ha, ha! alas, poor wretch : a poor CHIPOCHIA, 

hast not slept to night? 

Pandarus says this to his niece, after she had made 
wanton the night with Troilus, as our Author ex- 
presses it in Othello. But I can find no such term 
as chipochia, I suspect, it should be, a poor capoc- 
cutA; 7. €. poor fool ; capocchio, é capocchione, sig- 
nify, balordo ; lourdaut, téte sans cervelle; or, as 
the Spaniards say, cabeca sin seso, 

I have now done with the Seventh Volume: and 
Cymbeline, I think, we have on both sides fully 
canvassed: so that my next must be upon Romeo. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most. affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, 

Lew. THEOBALD. 
LETTER 


_-THEOBALD AND -WARBURTON. 545 


LETTER LVI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan’s Court, Mar. 7, 1729-30, 

I now proceed to Romeo, the plot of which, our 
modern Editors tell us, is taken from a Novel of Ban- 
dello. It is true, he wrote a Novel on this subject: 
but the distresses of Romeo and Juliet are no ficti- 
tious tale. Girolamo da Corte, in his “ History of 
Verona,” gives us their story with all its particulars, 
It happened about the beginning of the fourteenth 
century: and the Historian calls our young lover 
Romeo Montecchi, and his mistress Julietta Capello, 
Our Shakespeare (according to custom) varies very 
little, either in his names, characters, or other cir- 
cumstances, from truth and matter of fact. 

To shew how recent the memory of this tragical 
story is still among the Veronese (as far as a Tra- 
veller may be depended on) it may not be unenter-. 
taining to you, if I transcribe a passage from Captain 
Breval's «Travels into Italy.” «* As I was surveying 
the churches (says he) and other religious places 
about Verona, my Guide (or as the Italians call him, 
my Cicerone), made me take notice of an old build- 
ing, which had been formerly a Nunnery, but was 
converted into an House for Orphans about an hun- 
dred years since. The substance of what I could 
gather from him concerning it was this: that, at the 
time when the alteration was making, in the pulling 
down of a wall, the workmen happened to break 
down an old tomb, in which there were found two 
coffins, which, by the inscription yet legible upon 
the stone, appeared to contain the bodies of a young 
couple, that had come by their death in a very tra- 
gical manner about three centuries before. The 
gentleman, it seems, was the most accomplished ca- 
valier in all respects; as, on the other hand, the 

VOL. Il. 2N lady 


Seen 


546 ‘ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


lady was the most celebrated of her sex, both for 
virtue and beauty, in Verona. But, as their marriage 
was kept private, upon the account of an inveterate 
enmity between their houses (which were the noblest, 
as well as most powerful, in that great city), a kins- 
man of the bride’s attacked the bridegroom one day 
in the open street, sword in land, and had the mis- 
fortune to be left dead by him upon the spot. This 
immediately alarmed all the lady’s friends and rela- 
tions; and they pursued the unhappy offender, who 
had withdrawn himself from justice into a neigh- 
bouring state (for the laws against duels were ex- 
ceedingly severe) with all the warmth and rigour 
imaginable, insomuch that they obtained of the Po- 
desta a sentence of perpetual banishment against 
him, under pain of losing his head if he ever ap- 
peared more within the walls of Verona. The se- 
paration, which was the unavoidable consequence of 
this sad accident, was a thunderclap to each of our 
oung lovers: and the lady (whose marriage, as I 
have said before, was a secret) being persecuted by 
her parents, who had then a mind to bestow her 
upon a very rich Nobleman that was desperately in 
love with her, found no other way to extricate her- 
self out of this difficulty, but by taking a dose of 
poison, which put an end to her life; and she was 
buried privately, according to the custom of those 
times, in a great stone-chest, which lay close to the 
wall of that Monastery, so that the body might be 
come at with ease. A few days after this had been 
done, her husband (whom these sad tidings had 
reached in his banishment) posted away to Verona 
in disguise, came to see her by night, broke off the 
lid, and the next morning was found dead, run 
through with his own poinard, close by his beloved 
wife, and with his arms embracing her corpse. We 
may easily suppose how great a noise this tragedy 
made, not only in Verona, but all throughout Italy : 
and the lady’s parents were so touched with remorse 
and 


‘ 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 547 


and compassion upon it, that they ordered both the 
bodies to be deposited in one tomb; where the 
workmen having discovered them, as I have said, 
three hundred. years after, all the city flocked to see 
what was left of two such extraordinary persons.— 
This account, that I had from my Cicerone, imme- 
diately called to my mind the celebrated story of 
Romeo and Juliet, which is the subject of one of the 
finest pieces of Shakespeare, &c.” ; 
I designed this, dear Sir, for your entertainment ; 
of which if it fails, I am to beg pardon for so long 
an abuse of your patience. Iam willing to believe 
Captain Breval did not invent this narrative from 
the story of the Play ; because he has left -untouched 
the whole affair of the Confessor, the sleeping po- 
tion given instead of the poison, the statues erected 
in memory of Romeo and Juliet, and several other 
particulars, that are in our Poet, and borrowed by him 
from the Novel of Bandello. Now to the Play itself: 
P. 121. A troubled mind drew me from COMPANY. 
Your conjecture of canopy is most ingenious, and 
absolutely necessary, were we to retain the reading 
of these modern Editors. But the old quartos and 
the two first folios all concur in reading, 
DRAVE ME TO WALK ABROAD. 
P. 124, —— only poor, 
That when she dies, with beauty dies her store. 
I do not clearly understand this. I think Romeo's 
next speech rather requires, 
with her dies beauty’s store. 
——_——— let there be weigh’d 
Your /ady’s love against some other mazd. 


P.127, 


I read, 
Your dady-love against, &c. 
P. 130. But no more deep will I ENGAGE mine eye, 
Than your consent gives strength to make it 


Ay. 
All the old books read, ENDART, which the meta- 
phor in the next verse seems to demand. 
2N2 P. 131. 


548 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 131. Tut, pun’s the mouse, the constable’s own word: 

This is a perfect riddle to me. 

P, 132. Of HEALTHS five fathom deep. 

Dr. Thirlby conjectures, DELVES, i.e. pits, ditches, 
trenches. But, with submission, I think the text 
right ; and alludes to drinking deep to their mis- 
tresses” healths. I find the like expression in West- 
ward-hoe, Act V. Scene 1: 

Troth, Sir, my master and Sir Goslin are guzzling; 
they are dabbling together FATHOM deep: the 
knight has drunk so much HEALTH to the gentleman 
yonder on his knees, that he has almost lost the use 
of his legs. 


P, 140, —— for thou art 
As glorious to this NIGHT, being o’er my head. 


I think, the simile rather requires, to this s1GHT, 
i.e. to my eyes. 


Pp. 142, 


at lovers’ perjuries 
They say Jove laughs. 
Jupiter ex alto perjuria ridet amantum. 
Ovid. De Art. Amand. i. 635. et Tibull. lib. iii, eleg. 7. 
They had likewise, you know, a Greek proverb 
to the same effect. Hesychius, in "Aggodiriog Bpxos, 
takes notice of a circumstance that I can neither re- 
collect, nor trace: that Hesiod first feigned that Jove 
and Io swore to each other; apdrog 0 “Hoiodog 
rauce rag wep) tiv Ala, xal viv "le op. 
P. 145. In plants, herbs, sTONES, and their true qua- 
lities. 
For nought so vile, that on the earth doth live. 
But do stones live on the earth, or live at all? 
As the whole speech seems to relate to vegetation, I 
suspect, either sTEMS, OF FLOWERS. 
P. 153. Romeo. Ay, nurse, whatof that? BothwithanR. 
Nurse. Ah mocker! that’s the dog’s name. 
R. is for the no, &c. 
This odd stuff of the Nurse’s, for my heart, I do 
not know what to make of. 


P, 159. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 549 


» P. 159. ALLa srucaTHO carries it away. 

I think, we must restore, an! La sroccata, &e. 
ae. the name of a pass in fencing. 

P, 164. Say thou bat ay; 

And that bare vowel ay shall poison more. 

I question whether the Grammarians will take this 
new vowel on trust from Mr. Pope, without sus- 
en it rather for a diphthong, 

I read, with the old books : 
—_————_—_-—— Say thou but, 7; 
And that bare vowel, Z shall, &c. 

P. 165. RAVENOUS dove, feather’d raven, 

Wolvish-rav’ning lamb. 

These two noble hemistichs, I dare answer, are 
not genuine, The first, ravenous, I take to be blun- 
dered out of raven and rav’ning, which follow : and, 
throwing it out, I will venture to restore one fine 
verse : 

Dove-feather’d raven, wolvish-rav’ning lamb ! 

P. 182. After 

Like death, when he shuts up the day of life, 
we must restore the two following lines from the old 
copies, 

Each part, depriv’d of supple government, 

Shall stiff, and stark, and cold, appear like death. 


Ibid. After 
Shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua, 
we must likewise restore this very necessary line, 
And this shall free thee from this present shame, 


P. 186. After 
To whose foul mouth no healthsome air breathes i in, 
all the old copies add, 
And there die strangled e’er my Romeo comes? 
P. 189. Oh, peace for shame 
All the old copies read, 
Peace ho for shame, confusions : care lives not 
In these confusions. 
It is certain they are a little corrupt, but I think 
I can set them right : 


Peace, 


550 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Peace, ho! for shame. Confusion’s cure lives not 
In these confusions. 

But there are about a dozen lines more in this 
speech, that our Editor has thought fit to leave out ; 
which, —_ not fine ones, yet contain very good 
se and are vastly in aheviddtnk for the Friar. 

r 


now heav’n hath all, 

And all the better is it for the maid. 

Your part in her you could not keep from death ; 
But heav’n keeps his part in eternal life. 

The most you sought was her promotion ; 

For ’twas your heaven she should be advanced « 
And weep you now, seeing she is advanced 
Above the clouds, as high as heav’n itself? 

Oh! in this love you love your child so ill, 

That you run mad, seeing that she is well. 

She ’s not well married, that lives married long; 
But she’s best married, that dies married young *. 


P..195, Enter Romeo, and Perer with a light. 

Here all the Editors, I think, blunder. I make 
no doubt but it should be, Batruazar. Vide su- 
pra, p. 191: 

————_———- How now, Bartruazan? 
Dost thou not bring me letters from the Friar ? 

And then Balthazar opens to Romeo the tidings 
of his lady’s death. And yet, at p. 203, Peter is 
made to say : 

I brought my master news of Juliet’s death, 

And then in post he came from Mantua 

To this same place, to this same monument, &c. 
which makes it plain that Peter must be changed 
to Balthazar. Phe source of this blunder seems 
easy to be accounted for. Peter's character ending 
at the Fourth Act, it is very probable the same per- 
son might play Balthazar ; and so be quoted on in 
the Prompter’s book, as Peter. 


* Perhaps, “ dies unmarried young.” 
P. 197. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 551 


P. 197. After 

H Ill bury thee in this triumphant grave, 

the Editor has left out a few lines, that, in my opi- 

nion, by no means ought to be lost : 
A grave !—O no, a lanthorn, slaughter’d youth : 
For here lies Juliet; and her beauty makes 
This vault a feasting presence full of light. 
Death, lie thou there, by a dead man interr’d! 
How oft, when men are at the point of death, 
Have they been merry! which their keepers call 
A lightning before death :—O, how may I 
Call this a lightning? 


And so much for Romeo, 


You will herewith, dearest Sir, of the same date, 
receive No. 27, from 

Your most affectionate and obliged friend and ser- 
vant, Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER ‘LVII. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Mar. 10, 1729-30. 
Though the present (which I venture to trouble 
you with) is not immediately to the affairs of Shake- 
speare, yet it has a reference, as you will find, by 
the scheme Iam upon. As it is necessary I should 
now inform the publick, that 1 mean to attempt to 
give them an Edition of that Poet's text, together with 
my corrections, I have concluded to give this notice, 
not only by advertisements, but by an occasional 
pamphlet, which, in order to retaliate some of our 
itor’s kindnesses to me, I mean to call, dn Essay 
upon Mr, Pope's Judgment, extracted from his own 
Works; and humbly addressed io him. In this, as 
I have determined not to confine myself to his 
Shakespeare, but to some Criticisms that he has 
made, 


552 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


made, and some that he might have made, upon Ho- 
mer; I take the liberty to send you the following ex- 
tract for your judgment ; and will second it with some 
others of the same, if I have the pleasure of your en- 
couragement to doit. Lonly premise, that my difli- 
dence of my own strength, and my conviction of 
yours, makes me very desirous to be safe before I ven- 
ture to launch out too far.—Vestigia nulla retrorsam. 


««* * * * Now, when you have made so very un- 
happy a figure in Criticisms started upon us by you ex 
mero motu; it may be unreasonable, perhaps, to hint 
at a passage, upon the correction of which you might 
have built some little reputation of learning and sa- 
gacity. But I have promised to go through my in- 
stances; and so you must be content to stand the 
test of them, 


“You have, dear Sir, out of your extraordinary 
tenderness to my fame, dignified me with the title 
of a word-catcher. Permit me then to acquaint you, 
and so you may at your best leisure acquaint the 
world, that I have been so fond as to exercise this 
office in some other languages besides English. 
Nay, I have been so impudent as to suspect that 
Eustathius sometimes wants r'es/oring, where he has 
never before, that I know, been suspected to be 
faulty. And upon this score, I most heartily con- 
gratulate with you, that you have not done yourself 
the discredit of attempting, to see an error in him; 
and I as heartily congratulate myself, that the dis- 
credit of curing him has been reserved for me by 
you, and others the less learned Editors, or Trans- 
lators, of Homer. 


“« Asthe Episode of Thersites has been pretty much 
bandied about during our good-natured controversy, 
and you may have had some reason to look back to 
this part, and the Commentaries upon it, I will 
chuse to give you an instance at present, wherein, 
by my art of word-catching, 1 will endeavour to 

prove, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 553 


prove, that the Editors of Eustathius have abused 
him by obtruding a comment, which the good 
Bishop had not the least intention of making, with 
regard to Thersites. Thus then our Commentator, 
as the present copies exhibit him, * Kopwddy piv yap, 
KATAPPILITED rev Ozpciryy which the learned 
Gisbert Cuper + having occasion to quote, has thus 
translated: * Comicé scribens pegicir Thersitem.” 
This Translator:certainly understood his Author to 
mean, that Homer, writing in the comic strain, 
THROws DOowN Thersites. But, dear Sir, do not 
you and I know this to be false in fact? Neither 
Homer meant to throw down Thersites: nor even 
does he make Ulysses, who had a stroke at him, 
knock him down. That Hero, indeed, struck him 
across the shoulders with Agamemnon’s sceptre so 
smartly, that ‘Thersites cowred, and writhed him- 
-self with pain; and had a bump on his back 
raised with the blow. But, if ‘Thersites was not 
knocked down, what shall we do in this case? It 
is confessed on all hands, that xaragéirrew is to be 
translated dejicere, projicere, prosternere: and 
Cuper’s version therefore is not to be fourid fault 
with. As I said at first, the fault is in the printed 
copies of Eustathius; and I will make bold, only by 
the change of a single letter, to restore to you his 
genuine words and meaning. It is evident to me, 
that Eustathius wrote and meant thus: Kwpuodéy 
pay yap, KATA P'PATITEL riv Osgoiryy which I 
would thus translate: Comaedum autém agens, 
[ Poeta] Thersitem [operi suo] assuit. [vel, inserit. | 
?.e. The Poet, assuming the comic character, 1- 
TErRweEAveES the Episode of Thersites. And what 
think you now, Mr. Pope? Did your Eustathius 
need restoring, or are you obstinate for retaining the 
old reading? If you do not care to be a convert 
simply on the evidence of good sense, it is an old 
trick with us word-catchers to try whether we can- 
* Rome, p.208. Bas, p. 196. + In Homeri Apotheos. p. 79. 

‘ not 


554 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


not reinforce what is advanced by some authority. 
Now my emendation seems to be not a little con- 
firmed by another passage of Kustathius, about forty 
_pages higher, concerning this very Thersites*: <Tza 
AIAZKEYAZOQN civ Adyov mpg 7d yerodides xa 
xmpixwrspav, Sew AIATPA'@EL 72 xara thy Oxeai- 
ryy: 7. e. the Poet, then adapting his matter to ridicule 
and the comic, thus paints out what relates to Thersi- 
tes. For is not thisin other words as much as to say, 
that the Episode of Thersites is interwoven to diversify 
the grandeur of his subject by a comic incident ? But, 
if this confirmation does not sufficiently strike you, it 
shall still farther be strengthened by our, Author's 
words, immediately preceding the passage before us 
in question. And we word-catchers, Sir, area strange | 
species of animals, that love to go thorough-stitch 
with every thing we once take in hand; and where 
we start an error in one Author, and find another 
Author blundering upon that Author, we cannot 
rest till we set both right with the same labour. 
I must beg your pardon for the necessity of troubling 
you with too many crooked Letters; but some Read- 
ers, perhaps, may not be disgusted with a Greek 
quotation or two. 

I have hinted, that the learned Cuper had quoted 
this passage from Eustathius; I. will now shew you 
manifestly that Eustathius is not more grievously 
injured by his Editors in the passage that I have al- 
ready corrected, than he is by the misinterpretation 
of Cuper in one part of the following quotation -} : 
Teayixol 3, 72 czpyirepor inSor yao Tas Taw wpay- 
parwy wepimrersiag. xwpixol 02, 70 ZAutloyy Ovdty yap 
apwixdy wap’ adroig’ AAA yap yéAwros “EYTE- 
AEVA® 7 Kopwdla soydferas, ratira 33 mara wage 
7@ woryry edpyror xwopwday pty yap, xarappmrei 
tov Oepoiryy. But now for Cuper's version {: Tra- 

* Rome, p.216. Basil. p. 163, “PATITEIN, pnyaracbas, 
KATADKETA‘ZEIN. Hesych. 
+ Rome, p. 258. Basil. p. 196. 
+ In Homeri Apotheos. p. 79. . 
gici 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 555 


gici id quod magnificum est imitantur: extollunt 
enim rerum casus: Comici verd deterius imitantur ; 
nihil namque apud ipsos heroieum. Sed Comeedia 
risdis gratia sectatur ProspERA: Ea omnia apud Po- 
etam inveniuntur: comicé enim scribens, dejicit 
Thersitem. You will give me leave to render this 
into English, for the sake of some readers ; and then - 
we shall be all upon an equal foot as to the reason- 
ing of the passage: “ The Tragic Writers imitate 
that which is grand and magnificent; and heighten 
all the events and turns of their fable: the Comic 
Writers imitate that which is more low and mean; 
‘they have nothing of the heroic in them. But Co- 
medy, for the sake of exciting laughter, pursues 
PROsPEROUS in Episodes. All these imitations are 
found in our Poet; for, writing in the Comic cha- 
racter, he THROWS DOWN Thersites.” 

* Now does not this contain a rare deduction of 
reasoning, and worthy to be put into syllogism ? 
Prosperous incidents are the subject of Comedy. 
Homer sometimes writes Comedy; for, when he 
does so (for example), he rHrows Down Thersites. 
But is the ¢hrowing down any person properly to 
be called a prosperous event? It is true, a man 
being tripped up, or falling awkwardly, may raise a 
horse-laugh. But do you imagine Eustathius meant 
this to be the end of Comedy? I flatter myself, 
you almost by this time begin to smell the certainty 
of my emendation, from the odd figure this parade 
of mock-reasoning has made. But, if you are not yet 
thoroughly convinced, I will proceed to shew you 
the absurdity of Cuper’s version; and then, by 
translating the passage as it ought to be, make my 
own correction clear beyond all dispute or hesitation. 

Hireaciag soyefera:, you must observe, Cuper 
renders sectatur prosperi. But the learned man 
had forgot himself. The Grammarians, indeed, in- 
form us, that edreaia [ab <5 & reaziv,] does signify 
felicitas, prosperitas: but sir iaea [ab 25 & r2r0g] Is 

always 


556 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


always understood to mean, frugalitas, mediocritas, 
tenuitas, vilitas, futilitas, &e. Or, if we will render 
it by adjectives, Quod in ‘se habet medivere, tenue, 
leve, &c. You remember, I doubt not, what Ho- 
race says of Comedy, ex Mepio res arcessere; that 
it fetches its subjects from low life; from what is 
mean and ordinary. This will in some’ measure 
help to be tet Eustathius’s definition: as it con- 
vinces me I shall hit his sense in rendering it, “* Co- 
meedia verd, rists gratia, TeNUIORA [vel, qu in se 
PARUM DiGNiTATIS habent,] sectatur. Ea omnia 
apud Poetam [nostrum] inveniuntur. Comedum 
enim agens, Thersitem [operi suo] assurt.” ; 

“ Now, by the assistance of my Correction and 
Translation, we will see how the whole passage 
stands as to the reasoning part ; and so I shall leave 
it aes judgment. ; 

“ The Tragic Writers,” says Eustathius, “ imitate 
that which is grand and magnificent, and heighten 
all the events and turns of their fable. The Comic 
Writers imitate that which is more ow and trivial: 
they have nothing of the Heroic in them. But Co- 
medy, for the sake of exciting laughter, takes in light 
and oxpinary incidents. All these imitations are 
found in our Poet; for he, assuming the Comic cha- 
racter, interweaves the Episode of Thersites.” 

“I cannot help thinking this is clear sense and 
connective reasoning: and if I deceive myself in this 
opinion, I shall be sick for the future of my pro- 
vinee of a word-catcher. 1 will only add, that 
though I do not believe Spondanus made the cor- 
rection that I have here proposed upon Eustathius 
(for if he had, he would certainly have given it us 
in his Commentary); yet he says something like 
the observation of this learned Bishop touching the 
Episode of Thersites. Solet Poeta res turbulentas 
jocosd aliqua temperare in Comadiarum modum: 
qualis est hee tserta narratio Thersite, illius 
RIDICULI inter Greecos hominis.” 

And 


THEOBALD AND. WARBURTON. 557 


And now, dearest Sir, I may be heartily afraid 
that I have over-fatigued you. I could have given 
it to you much more concisely ; but I chose rather 

. to transcribe it from my papers at that full length to 
which I have been forced to draw it for the sake of 
the ignorant vulgar, if you shall determine for me 
that it will stand the test of the public censure. I 
should be glad to know if in your set of Pope’s duo- 
decimo edition, you have the ninth volume, which 
contains the contested Plays of our Shakespeare: if 
you have, I will venture to promise you some enter- 
tainment from the emendations that I have made 
upon Locrine and Pericles, by way of excursion, if 
you will indulge me in this liberty. 

Tam drawing so near the end of my task, that, 
like.a boy with a dear sweet morsel, I am afraid of 
eating it quite up; and am for extending my pleasure 
in spite of gluttony. 

But | ought in mercy to spare you now, by con- 
fessing myself at once, dearest Sir, . 

Your most affectionate’ and obliged humble ser- 
vant, Lew. TnHeopap. 


LETTER. LVIII. - 
To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Mar. 14, 1729-30. 
I now proceed on to Hamlet : 


Dramatis Persone.—This story was not invented 
by ourAuthor; though from whence he took it I know» 
a I shall beg leave to substitute this short remark: 
—The story, with most of its material circumstances, 
is extracted from Saxo Grammaticus’s Danica His- 
toria.—The Historian calls our Poet’s hero, Amle- 
thus; his father, Horwendillus; his uncle, Fengo; and 
his mother, Gerutha, The old King in single combat 
slew Collerus, King of Norway. Fengo makes away 
with his brother Horwendillus, and marries ars 

ow 


558 ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


dow Gerutha. Amlethus, to avoid suspicions of po- 
licy, assumes a form of utter madness. A fine wo- 
man is planted upon him, to try if he would yield 
to the impressions of love. Fengo contrives that 
Amlethus, in order to sound him, should be clo- 
seted by his mother. A man is concealed in the 
rushes to overhear their discourse: whom Amlethus 
discovers and kills: When the Queen is frighted at 
this behaviour of his, he tasks her about her erimi- 
nal course of life, and incestuous conversation with 
her former husband’s murderer: confesses his: mad- 
ness is but a cloak to preserve himself, and secure 
his revenge for his father ; to which he enjoins the 
Queen’s silence. Fengo sends Amlethus to Britain ; 
two of the King’s servants attend him, with letters 
to the British King, enjoining the death of Amle- 
thus. Amlethus, in the night-time coming at their 
commission, over-reads it, forms a new one, and 
turns the destruction, designed on himself, on the 
bearers of the letters. Amlethus, returning home, 
by a wile surprizes and kills his uncle. 

This, dear Sir, is the ground-work of our Poet's 
plot: and how happily he has adapted his incidents 
to the story, I need not observe to you. 

P. 210. Shark’d up a list of LANDLEss resolutes, 

For food and DIET, to some enterprize 
That hath a stomach in’t. 

The two old quartos, in 1605 and 1611, read 
LAWLESS ; not but /andless, I think, may do full as 
well. But is not food and diet a mere tautology? 
I have made a conjecture to avoid this, which I 
gladly submit to your judgment: 

Shark’d up a list of landless resolutes, 

For food ; and DIETED to some enterprize 

That hath a stomach: in *t. 
i. e. trained up, or, in the simple signification, fed, 
maintained. 

P. 214. Take thy fair hour, Laertes, time be thine, 

And thy best graces ; spend it at thy will. 
I would point thus ; 
‘ —— time 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. ‘559 


———_—_—_—_—__—— time be thine; 
” And thy best graces spend it at thy will. 
' P. 215. You are the most immediate to our throne, 
And wir no less nobility of love, 
‘Than that which dearest father bears his son, 
Do I impart toward you. 
But what does the King impart? We want the 
substantive to this verb. I read, 
And wirH ’T no less nobility of love, &e. 
#. e. I not only declare you my successor, but with 
this impart to you the same cordial love, that the 
fondest father can impart to a son. 
P. 216. —_-—— Frailty, thy name is woman ! 
Very like that short satiric reflection of Virgil : 
Varium et mutabile semper 


Femina. 
P, 220, ——--—_—_—_—_-—— Do not SLEEP, 
But let me hear from you. 

I think rather, surP, i. e. omit. 

P. 221, And now no soil, nor CAUTEL. 

I do not know what our Author means by this 
word here: or, if derived from Cautela, how it can 
accord with the sense to be required here. 

P. 227. And for the day conjfin’d to Fast in fires, 

I had, as you may perceive by Mr. Pope's Appen- 
dix, conjectured roast, and backed it with some 
shew of authorities : sed facti penitet. Indeed, for 
a spirit to be said to fast in fires, I cannot help 
thinking is nonsense. What, if we should read, 

And for the day CONFINED FAST in fires? 
P, 228, Daller should’st thou be than the fat weed, 
That RoTs itself in EASE on Lethe’s wharf, 
Wouldst thou not stir in this. : 

Here a weed is supposed to rot by ease, but in 
Antony by motion, p. 18: 

—_————__ Lackying the varying flood 
To ror itself by motion. 
But, what is it that makes weeds flourish, but 
ease, 2. e. still weather? Antony, p. 10: 
O then we bring forth weeds, 
When our quick winds lye sitll. 
And 


560 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And 3 Henry VI. p. 229: 

For what doth cherish weeds, but gentle air? 

And Henry V. p. 456, almost Burgundy’s whole 
Speech. 

We must certainly restore, from the old quartos, 

That roots itself in ease, &e. : 

P. 230. The table of my memory, 

féschylus twice uses this form of expression. 
Eumen. ver. 275: 

AEATOLPA'®O, 8: aravt’ txwaa PPENI’. 

‘And Prometheus, ver. 788: 

*Hy éyypags » MNH'MOXIN AE'ATOIE PENN. 

P. 235. Ungarter’d, and down-GYVep to his ancle. 
i.e. literally, fetter’d down to his ancle. Annon 
potits, down-GyreD, i. e. rolled down, in folds. 

P. 239. Gives him threescore thousand crowns in annual 


fee. 

Thus I restored. Mr. Pope says, that this altera- 
tion was made from the Edition of 1637; but he 
may find it, if he pleases, in those old quartos 
which he pretends to have collated, in 1605 and 
1611. Then how arch he is upon me, in this la- 
conic sneer,—which in his ear is a verse !—I own it 
is; and J will venture to prove to the Editor, that 
two syllables may by pronunciation be resolved and 
melted into one, as easily as ¢wo notes are slurred 
in musick. A redundance of a syllable, that may 
be so sunk, has never been a breach of harmony in 
any language that I know of. We must pronounce, 

Gi’s’m three | score thou | &e. ; 
The Editor might have remembered his Homer, 
Iliad i, ver. 5: 
Boging xa} Zépugos. 
Or Iliad, v. 6: 
Taraxtopaywy, abierre, 

Or, Virgil, Georg. i. v. 482: 

Fluviorum rex Eridanus, camposque per omnes. 

And again, Georg. ij. y. 295 : 

Parietibusque premunt artis, et quatuor addunt. 


And 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.) 561 


And again, Ain. ii. v. 442: 
- Herent parietibus scale. ; 
Or, to descend to one English instance, because 
it is a pretty singular one, how would our Edi- 
tor reconcile himself to this verse of Ben Jonson’s 
Volpone, Act IIT. Sc. 1: 
But parasites, or subparasites. And yet 
The scansion must be thus: 
But para | sites, or | sub-pa | rasites. | And yet | 
Where the two first syllables of the same word in one 
position make a ie and in the other a spondee? 
Ibid. Since brevity ’s the soul of wit, 
And tediousness the Limes and outward flourishes. 
I do not-know whether limbs is designed the’an- 
tithesis to soul; but as by outward flourishes our 
Poet seems to allude to the first draughts of paint- 
ers, I suspect we should read, 
And tediousness the Linrs, &e. 
P. 240. And pity, IT 1s true. 
The Editor says, I make this material correction: 
And pity ’T1s, ’TIs true. 
How do I make it, when it is the genuine read- 
ing of both the old quartos: and is not Polonius in- 
dustriously affecting to jingle? 
Let Mr. Pope look back, to the preceding line : 
That he is mad, Tis true; ’TIS true, ’TIs. pity, &c. 
Ibid. To the celestial, and my soul’s zdol, the most 
BEAUTIFIED Ophelia. } 
This is, indeed, a vile epithet in the sense that 
Hamlet would use it: and can only signify, as that 
other passage expresses it, beautied with plast’ring 
art.—As celestial and soul’s idol are the introduc- 
tory epithets, what if, to keep up the climax, we 
should throw out a single letter, and suppose*our 
Poet might have wrote, 
i ~The most BEATIFIED Ophélia : 
t. e. most blessed, hallowed, adored; which Polo- 
nius might very well call a vile phrase too. 7 
“VOL. IL . 20 vt P, 246. 


562 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 246. Ham. How chances it they TRAVEL? ‘Their 
residence both in reputation and profit was better, 
both ways, 

Ros. I think, their INHIBITION comes by the means of 
the late innovation. 

What inhibition ? If Rosencraus meant to answer 
Hamlet’s question closely, methinks, it should be 
ITINERATION. 

Ibid. ———— An airy of children, little yasEs. 

This term I am absolutely unacquainted with. 

P. 247. Ah, that they do, my lord, Hercules and his 
LOAD too, 

But what is Hercules’s load? Annon potiis, 

CLUB? 

P. 257. My honour’d lord, J know right well you did. 

Old quarto, meliis, you know, &e. 

P. 263. —— Or else shall he suffer not thinking on, 
with the hobby-horse? whose epitaph is, For oh, 
Sor oh, the hobby-horse is forgot. 

This epitaph again occurs in Love’s Labour Lost, 
p- 246. I believe it has some satirical flirt on the 
times, if happily we can trace it. I will lend all 
the light I can, and doubt not of your assistance.— 
In the first place, did not Wasseling and May- 
games begin to be obnoxious, immediately upon 
our Scotch Monarch’s accession ?—And, in the next 
place, was not riding on hobby-horses one part of 
the diversion of these May-games? I will give you 
my reason for this suspicion, and why I imagine the 
Precisians might be offended at it. In Beaumont 
and Fletcher's “Women Pleased,” (where by the 
way, we have the character of Soto, the farmer's 
son, mentioned by my Lord in the Taming of the 
Shrew, p. §:) we have one Bomby, a cobler, who 
is an enemy to wakes and maypoles. 

I will quote to you some part of his Scene, be- 
cause it goes much to the text of hobby-horses, and 
- may lead to explanation: 
om, Surely I’lldance no more; ’tis most ridiculous: 
I find my wife’s instructions now mere verities, 


My 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 563 


My learned wife’s; she often hath pronounc’d to me 
My safety: ‘ Bomby, defy these sports, thou art 
damn’d else.’ 
This Beast of Babylon I will ne’er back more: 
His pace is sure prophane, and his lewd wee-hees 
The sons* of Hymyn and Gymyn, in the wilderness. 
Farm. Fye, neighbour Bomby, in your fits again? 
Your zeal sweats; this is not careful, neighbour, 
The HOBBY-HORSE is a seemly hobby-horse, — 
Bomb. 1 do defy thee, and thy foot-cloth too; 
And tell thee to thy face, this prophane rIpDING 
(I feel it in my conscience, and I dare speak it), 
This unedified ampiinc hath brought a scourge 
upon us, 
This hobby-horse Sincerity we liv’d in, 
War and the sword of Slaughter: I renounce it, 
And put the Beast off thus, the beast polluted. 
And now no more sball hop on high Bomby, 
Follow the painted pipes of high pleasures, 
And with the wicked dance the devil’s measures. 
Away, thou pamper’d JaDE of vanity, 
Stand at the livery of lewd delights now, 
And eat the provender of prick-ear’d folly ! 
My dance shall be to the pipe of persecution. 
Farm, Will you dance no more, neighbour? 
Bomb, Surely, no. 
Carry the beast to his crib: Ihave renounced him, 
And all his works. 
Soto. Shall th’ wowpy-HoRSE be forgot then ? 
The hopeful nopsy-norsk, shall he lie founder'd? 
Farm. He will dance again, for certain. 
Bomb. I cry out on’t. 
’Twas the forerunning sin brought in those tilt-stayes, 
They brandish ’gainst the Church, the Devil calls 
maypoles. 
Soto. Take up your HORSE again, and girth him to you, 
And girth him handsomely, good neighbour Bomby. 
Bomb. I spit at him. 
Soto. Spit in the horse’-face, cobler? 
Thou out-of-tune, psalm-singing slave ! 
Spit in his visnomy ? 
Bomb. I spit again, and thus I rise against him, 


* Cert?, soncs. yr 
2e2 Against 


564 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
Against this beast, that signified destruction, 
Foreshew’d i’ th’ fall of monarchies. ‘ 
Soto. Take up the hobby-horse! , 
Come, ’tis a thing thou hast lov’d with all thy 
heart, Bomby ; ‘ : 
And wouldst do still but for the ‘round-breech’d 
brothers. : : : 

T will only add that in Ben Jonson’s Bartholome' 
Fair, when Rabby-Busy, the Puritan, comes into 
the fair, and is asked by the Toyman to buy rattles, 
drums, babies, &e. he in his zeal cries out: 

Peace, with thy apocryphal wares, thou prophane 
Publican! thy bells, thy dragons, and thy Tobie’s 
dogs. Thy HOBBY-HORSE is an tdol, a very idol, 
a fierce and rank idol: and thou the Nebuchadnez- 
zar, the proud Nebuchadnezzar of the fair, that 
se® st it up for children to fall down to and worship. 


I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate friend 
and obliged humble servant, Lew. Turosatp. 


LETTER LIX. 


To the Rev. Mr: Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Mar. 17, 1729-30. 

I have now received the great, pleasure of two of 
yours (Nos. 28 and 29), dated the 12th and 15th 
instant. The very kind regard you have for my 
character, which you are so partial to rate much be- 
yond my desert, is a proof of such friendship as I 
shall ever highly esteem, because it must be the off- 
spring of a truly generous mind. For which reason, 
your most necessary caution against inconsistency, 
with regard to my opinion of Shakespeare's knou~ 
ledge in languages, shall not fail to have all its, 
weight with me. And therefore the passages that 
I occasionally quote from the Classics shall not be 
brought as proofs that he imitated those originals, 
but 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 565 


but to shew how. happily he. has expressed himself 
upon the same topies. ‘Thys far, I think, I shall 
be safe; and should I venture to hint that the re- 
semblance in thought and expression (which we 
should allow to be imitation in one whose learning 
was also, questioned) may sometimes take its rise 
from ‘strength of memory, and. those impressions 
which he owed to the school. And if we may allow 
a| possibility of this, considering that, when he quit- 
ted the) school, he gave into e father’s profession 
and way of living, and had, it is likely, but a slen- 
‘ der, Library, of Classical Learning ; and considering, 
what a number of ‘Translations, tis and Le- 
gends, started in his time, and a little before, most 
of which, it is very evident, he read; I think it 
may easily be reconciled, why he. rather schemed 
his plots and characters from these more latter infor- 
mations, and went back to those fountains, for 
which he might.entertain a sincere veneration, but 
to which he could not have so ready a recourse. 

This is only the last fermentation of that opinion, 
which I will take due care shall not o’er-/eaven the 
mass. It is no small satisfaction to me, that you 
approve my. design with regard to my Antagontst’s 
judgment; and, particularly, that you allow my eor- 
rection of Eustathius to pass muster. And bow 
easily am I drawn, to indulge my own vanity, and 
‘postpone the remainder of Hamlet for a post, when 
friendship, I hope, rather than complaisance, is so 
kind to tell, me, you are impatient for a little more 
trouble of the.same sort! , : 

Ecce, iterim, Crispinus! 1 submit to your judg- 
ment another fragment. I shall only premise, by 
way of connexion, that. I had been replying to my 
Adversary’s charge, my fixing dreadful anachrontsms 
upon our Poet; which, but for me, might have lain 
hid: and on the other hand, shewing that our Editor 
had fixed others upon. him, to which our Poet may 
well plead, ‘* Not guilty.” m 

‘ Ny m But 


566 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


“ But who shall dare make any words about this 
freedom of yours towards Shakespeare, if it can be 
‘proved, in your fits of criticism, that you make no 
more ceremony with good Homer himself? I can- 
not perfectly determine with myself (such a general 
prepossession | have of your talents), whether you 
are most unhappy ,in advancing criticisms of your 
own, or in adopting the mistaken one of others ; or, 
in making none at all, where a small share of credit 
might have been purchased by attempting it. But, 
nothing, as I said before, so well as an instance: 
and therefore I will examine these three points 
in their order. 

* And, first to try a criticism of your own ad- 
vancing. In the Eighth Book of the Odyssey, 
where relating the episode of the Loves of Mars 
and Venus; and that, upon their being taken in the 
net by Vulcan: 

the God of Arms 
Must pay the penalty for lawless charms; 

you are so kind, gravely to inform us, that 
** Homer in this, as in many other places, seems to 
allude to the Laws of Athens, where Death was the 
punishment of Adultery.”— But how is this sig- 
nificant observation made out ?— Why, who can 
‘possibly object any thing to the contrary ?— Does 
‘not Pausanias relate, that Draco, the Athenian 
Law-giver, granted impunity to any person that took 
revenge upon an Adulterer? and was it not also 
the institution of Soton, that, if any one took an 
Adulterer in the fact, he might use him as he 
pleased ?— These things are very true; and, to see 
what a good memory and sound judgment in con- 
junction can achieve! Though Homer's date is not 
determined down to a single year, yet it is pretty 
_generally agreed that he lived above 300 years befits 
either Draco or Solon; and that, if seems, has made 
him seem to allude to the very Laws that these two 
Legislators propounded above-300 years after. If 
this inference be not something like an anachronism, 

or 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. - 567 


or prolepsis, I will look once more into my Lexicons 
for the true meaning of the words. ; 

“It appears to me, that somebody, besides Mars 
and Venus, has been caught in a net by, this Epi- 
sode; and it is well if no second instance come in, to 
confirm you what treacherous tackle this net-work 
is, if not cautiously handled. { 

“II, But let us see whether you have any better 
luck, where you only embrace a criticism; and im- 
plicitly make it your own, by not mentioning who 
first advanced it. I could not wish a more signal 
instance of your fatality in this respect, than from 
an hypercritical note, inserted in the first Book 
of your Odyssey, upon this passage of Statius : 

Qualis ubi, audito Venantum murmure, Tigris 
Horruit in MACULAS. 

“The generality of Readers had understood the 
Poet’s meaning to be, that, when a tigress heard the 
noise of the hunters, she immediately whets up her 
rage, and calls forth her spots, as Cowley has ex- 
pressed it; till Bernartius came and told us, that 
macule here does not signify the spots of the beast, 
but the meshes of the hunting-net. And, not con- 
tent to commit a single blunder, the unlucky Cri- 
tick quotes another passage, ‘from Claudian, in 
which we have another simile of a tigress, and there 
too maculc is. to be interpreted the meshes of the 
net: 


totamque virentibus iram 
Dispergit Macuis. 

«A much more learned man than Bernartius, I 
mean Gaspar Barthius, has given a different expli- 
cation to these virentes macule: and because 1 am 
pretty sure he has hit it, I think it not amiss to 
transcribe his own words: “ Ut-efferatam cognos- 
cere possis ex ipsis MACULIS, velut HORRENTIBUS aut 
flagrantibus iracundia. Viridem pariter noster alibi 
pardum appellat. Dispergit autem iram macuLIs, 
cum. crines yarii coloris subriguntur.” ; 
: “ Now 


568 ILLUSTRATIONS OF ‘LITERATURE. 


“Now ithappens very unfortunately for Bernartius,’ ' 
whose opinion you ‘attempt to’ pass ‘upon us for 
your own, that neither in Statius, nor Claudian, is 
our tigress'supposed to be driven upon the toils. 
In the first) Author she only hears her hunters, calls 
up her anger, and prepares for the encounter. Tn 
the latter, her whelps are stolen from her; and shé 
pursues’ the robber’s horse at full speed to recover 
them from him.— Well: “ But it is impossible, 
you say, to imagine that the hair of any creature can 
change into spots; and if any creature could change 
it by anger, would’ not the spots remain, when the 
passion was over?” 

“« Now, who can forbear admiring the force of Rea- 
son, when it comes so finely off without straining 
her? I agree with you, indeed, that no creature 
can change into spots, as you mean it. But, if you 
will give me leave to tell you a secret, I may chance 
to clear up the present seeming difficulty of both 
these passages; and, perhaps, call up some spots 
that will not remain when your anger is over. 
would not advise you to venture at stroking back the 
hair of a tigress; but, if you will make the experi- 
ment with less danger upon a mottled cat, you shall 
find that wherever this creature’s fur is spotted, 
the skin and grain of her flesh is underneath party- 
coloured, and tinged with the different complexion. 
The same effect, upon trial, would be produced in 
the tiger, and so downwards to a poor scalded pig, 
that has in its life-time been interspersed with spots. 

‘* Now as you agree, that it agrees with the nature * 
of the tiger to roughen and erect his hair when he 
is angry ; where is the impropriety to say, when he 
so erects and sets it on end to that degree, as to dis- 
cover the different hue and marks of his hide under- 
neath, that his fury makes him horrere maculas, 
or cail forth and distinguish his spots to view? 
This is clearly implied by Barthius’s above-cited ex- 
plication: Dispergit autem tram maculis, cum crines 

varit 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. | 569 


varii coloris subriguntur.” ‘This seems the genuine 
sense of both our Poets, without the least allusion 
to the meshes of an hunting-net. But, since you 
have been so unawares catight in a net by the bare 
mention of an hypercritick, 1 would advise you to 
avoid being’ seduced into the like snares for the fy- 
ture ; and rather shew your judement in these moot 
points, if T may be allowed the expression, by pra- 
dently keeping it to yourself—Tantiun.” 


There is one point in these two last criticisms, 
dear Sir, that I beg you most fankly to give me 
your opinion upon. These Notes, or Collections 
upon the Odyssey, are owned by Mr. Broome as 
his: and would it be perfectly right, and candid, to 
wound him through the Editor's sides? On the 
other hand, Mr. Broome says, that, if his perform- 
ance has merit, either in hese, or in his part of the 
Translation, it is but just to attribute it to the judg- 
ment and care of Mr. Pope, by whose pen every 
sheet was corrected. So that they are equally prin- 
cipals in error: for the latter, sure, should have 
expunged every thing that he was aware was erro- 
neous. Again, though my “ Shakespeare Restored” 
was some time published before the Odyssey, Mr. 
Broome, you know, has exorbitantly complimented 
Mr. Pope upon his Edition of Shakespeare ; in which, 
though he has thrown no slur at me, yet it carries a 
tacit insult of opinion. However, I would by all 
means avoid any thing that might be censured as in- 
yidious, or possibly come within the compass of any 
thing like ill-nature. \ 

I am not so fond of being in the right, as to de- 
sire to shew it by purchasing such an imputation. 
I think I shall have stock enough of matter to make 
the Editor blush for demerits purely his own, and 
in which his Assistants are not concerned. 

A short word with regard to your Paterculus. If 
the following passage has not come under your sus+ 
picion; I can send you the transcript of a ia 

oO 


570 ILLUSTRATIONS O¥ LITERATURE. 


of itby Jeremiah Markland, in his “ Epistola Critica,” 
addressed to Bishop Hare, lib, ii. c. 36, “ Auctores- 
que Carminum Varronem, ac Lucretium, neque ullo 
in suscepti operis sui CARMINE minorem Catullum.” 
By next post I hope to trouble you with the con- 
tinuation of my queries on Hamlet; and am, dear- 
est Sir, your most affectionate and obliged friend and 
humble servant, Lew. THeosa.p. 


LETTER LX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warporron. 


Dear Str, Wyan's Court, Mar. 21, 1729-30. 

I proceed to trouble you now (as far as my paper 
will give me leave) with the remainder of Hamlet: 

P. 264. We shall know by this fellow. 

The old quartos very rightly place opposite to this, 
in the inner margin, 

Enter Prologue.} 
P. 265, Now what my love is, proof hath made you 
know, 
And as my love is F1x’D, my fear is so. 

From the tenor of the context I had read, s1z’p. 
So I now find the first folio reads: the quarto, in 
1605, ciz’d; and that in 1611, cizst. 

But the old quartos have a couplet immediately 
following these verses (which, why the Editor has 
suppressed, he best knows), that prove mine to be 
the right reading: 

Where love is GREAT, the littlest doubts are fear ; 
Where Little fears grow great, great love grows there. 

P. 267. With Hecate’s BANE, thrice blasted, 

No such weed, or simple, that I ever heard of. 

I restore, from the authority of all the old copies, 

With Hecate’s BAN thrice blasted, 
i. e. her spell, her curse. 


P. 267. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 571 


P. 367. — his name’s Gonzago; the story is 
extant, and writ in choice Italian. 
T have not been able yet to trace the Author from 
whom Shakespeare gleaned this story. 


P, 268, with two Provincial Roses on my RAY’D 
shoes, get me a fellowship in a city of Players, Sir? 
I had conjectured rats’p shoes; 7. e, shoes, like 
the Cothurni worn by the old Tragedians. If ray’d 
be the true reading, I presume it must be under- 
stood, spangled, or striped, with some shining or- 
nament; calcei bracteati, glittering with rays of 
gold. But why city of Players? Because of the 
word fellowship, the Editor immediately thought of 
City Companies. 1 dare say the degraded word, 
which is authorized by the first and second folios, is 
the true reading; in a cry of Players; 7. e. a share, 
by the yote of a Company of Players. 
So, in Troilus, p. 326: 
The cry went once for thee. 
So, Coriolanus, p. 242: 
You common cry of curs, &c. 
And so, 2 Henry IV. p. 333: 
‘For all the country in a general voice 
Cry’p hate upon him, 


Ibid. A very, very—PEACOCK. 

I have, as Mr. Pope says, been willing to substi- 
tute any thing in the place of this peacock. The 
Editor thinks a fable alluded to, of the Birds chusing 
a King; instead of the eagle, a peacock. I suppose, 
he must mean the Fable of Barlandus, in which it 
is said, the birds, being weary of their state of anar- 
chy, moved for the setting up of a king; and the 
peacock was elected on account of his gay feathers. 
But, with submission, in this passage of our Shake- 
speare, there is not the least mention made of fhe, 
eagle in antithesis to the peacock; and it must be 
by avery uncommon figure, that Jove himself stands 
ja the place of his bird. 1 think, Hamlet is setting 

is 


572 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


his father’s and uncle's characters against each other; 
and means to say, that, at his father’s death the 
state was stripped of a godlike .Monareh, in excel- 
lence rivaling Jove; and. in his.stead, reigned the 
most despicable animal that could be: a mere pad- 
dock, or toad; a puttock, a kite, one that would 
prey on the republic; or, a meacock, a base, das- 
tardly creature, unequal to protect the Realm. 
Hither of these three readings, perhaps, is preferable 
‘to the Editor's peacock.— Sub juidice lis est. 


=~  Bas7 be 


as doth hourly grow 
Out of his LUNACiES. | ' 
Guild, ————_————-We will provide ourselves. 
This last verse, dear Sir, you perceive, is unneces- 
sarily an Alexandrine. Some. of the old editors 
that saw, instead of dunacies, a monosyllable was 
wanted, read, y 
Out of his Brows. 
But I am at a loss for the sense of the word here: 

I restore, : 

Out of his LUNEs. 
The Editors did not remember that this»is!one of 

the Poet’s own words in the Winter's Tale, ‘p. 280: 

These dang’rous, unsafe LuNgs i’ th” King — 
Beshrew them! 4 4 
Ibid. To keep those many bodies safe, that live 
And feed upon your Majesty, > 
I restored, and regulated the verses thus; 
To keep those many, MANY, bodies safe, 
That live, and feed, upon your Majesty. 

» Mr. Pope, in his Appendix, says, J redouble the 
word many (as if 1 did it arbitrarily) ; but I have 
the warrant of the four oldest editions for. it, as he 
ought to have observed, 

* P. 274. Up, sword, and know thou’ more horrid TIME. 
T have read, as Mr. Pope says, conjecturally, BENT. 
All the old editions read, nent. ‘The word: is 

‘corrupt, and we must either restore, bent, or HINT. 

3 


-THEOBALD! AND WARBURTON: 573 


So, Tempest, p. 12: 
it is a HINT 
That wrings mine-eyes tot. 
» And Antony and Cleopatra, p. 25: 


When the best HiNT was giv’n him, he o’erlook'd 
&e, 


Et alibi passim. 


P. 275. You are the,Queen, your busband’s brother’s 
wife, 
Anp (would it were not so) you are my mother. 
The Editor, here will not embrace a reading of 
mine, and a pointing that I imagine betters the 
sense; and, therefore, I have not yet the worse opi- 
nion of my conjecture. Hamlet, I say, loves and 
honours his mother; and does not so much wish 
that she was not his mother, as that she was not his 
uncle’s wife. 
I therefore would read, 
You are the Queen, your husband’s brother’s wife, 
Bur ’would it were not so!— You are my mother. 


. P. 276. That thus hath cozen’d you at hoodman blind? 

Here Mr. Pope says, I insert some lines not to be 
found before the edition of 1637, and very bad ones. 
I will not stand up too rigidly for the goodness of the 
lines: but what Collators are the Editor and his 
Assistants! They are in the oldest S0arOm and 
therefore indisputably genuine. 

I will give you the whole passage for your judg- 
ment: 


and what judgment 
Would step from this to this? Sense, sure, you 
have, ; 
Else could you not have motion ; but, sure, that 
sense 
Is apoplex’d; ‘for madness would not err; 
Nor sense to extacy was ne’er so thrall’d, 
But it reserv’d some quantity of choice, 
To serve in such a diff’rence.— What devil was’t, 
That thus hath cozen’d'you at hoodman blind? 
Eyes without feeling, feeling without sight, . 
ars 


574 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Ears without hands, or eyes, smelling sans all, 
Or but a sickly part of one true sense, 
Could not so mope.— O shame, &c. 

Bad as these lines are, I am persuaded, the first 
motive of leaving them out was to shorten Hamlet’s 
speech, end ease the Actor; and the reason why they _ 
find no place in the first folio, is, that that edition 
was imate from the Playhouse castrated copies. 


P. 277. In the rank sweat of an INcesTuOUS bed. 


I chuse, ENseamED, the Editor says. I do so, 
and for this material reason, that it 1s authorized 
by all the old books. 


P, 279. That monster Custom, who all sense doth eat, 
| Of habit’s DeviL, is angel yet in this; — 
I would read and point it thus: 
who all sense doth eat 
Of Habit’s evit, is, &c. 
i. e. of the evil of habit. 


P. 281. Queen. Ah, my good Lord, what have I seen 

to night? 

In both the old quartos, before this verse, he 
Queen says, 

Bestow this place on us a little while. 

The mystery of which, and why it was left out, I 
will presently explain to you. 

In those old books the direction of the entrance 
‘stands thus: 

Enter King and Queen, with Rosencraus and Guil- 
denstern.] 

To them, therefore, it is that the Queen speaks ; 
and bids them quit the presence a little, while she 
replies to the King’s demands. Now the pride and 
impertinence of the Players, who hate nothing more 
than the ided tantim venire ut exeant, first obtained 
to have this line left out; and, because nothing was 
given to them to speak, that Rosencraus and Guilden- 

stern 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 575 


stern might be excused the formality of entering 
with the King and Queen. 


P. 282. And what’s untimely done. 

Mr. Pope says that I here re-place some imperfect 
verses, which, though of a modern date, seem to be 
genuine, But our Editor is used to speak without 
book. They are no more modern than our Author 
himself, and are found in both the old quartos. 


P. 285. Thou may’st not coldly Let 
Our sov’reign process, &c. 

Mr. Pope declares, in his Preface, that he sub- 
stitutes no reading but what is ex fide codicum. 
But all the copies whatever, that I have seen, con- 
cur in reading, coldly ser; i. e. coldly receive, neg- 
lect, or slight. 


P. 286. To pay five ducats, 
Five I would not farm it. 
We have suspected, 
To pay five ducats FINE, 
. I would not farm it : 


P. 290. Feeds on this wonder, keeps himself iv coups. 
Dr. Thirlby has conjectured, rncLos’p; i. e. private, 
close in his apartment ; and directs to this passage, 
at p: 298: 


But, good Laertes, 
Will you do this, keep CLOSE within your chamber? 
But, with submission, I think the conjecture 
wholly unnecessary ; and that the reference comes 
full in proof against it, Laertes being advised to keep 
himself close by the King, which would have been 
absurd counsel, if he had done so before. Certainly, 
the text wants no alteration ; 
To keep himself in clouds, 
is to be reserved, and mysterious in his conduct. 
Ben Jonson uses the expression in his Devil’s an 
Ass, p. 279: 
These, Sir, are businesses ask to be carried 
With caution, and IN cLoup. 
P. 291. 


” 576 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


oPs291, mh ‘ou desire to know the certainty. ; 
Of your dear father’s death, in your revenge, 
(That sweepstake,) You WiLL draw both friend 
and foe, 
: Winner and loser. — 

‘The Editors have made the rae guile of -a:con: 
clusion here, which, I dare say, the Poet never in- 
tended. I point the passage thus: 
~ —— in your revenge . 
(That sweepstake) wit. you draw both friend 

and foe, . 
Winner ani loser? —— 
~~ And then Laertes’s answer is rational and proper. 
_P. 295, Who dipping all his faults in their affections 
~ Would, like the spring that turneth wood to 
stone, 
Convert his GYVEs to graces. 

Does the King mean hefe, that, if he had proceed- 
ed against Hamlet in a legal manner for the death of 
Polonius, and confined and fettered him,) that 
the multitude loved. him so well, they would have 
esteemed his fetters an ornament to him? +I own, I 
do not understand this... I have conjectured, 

_., Convert his GyBes to graces. - 
i. e, they are so doatingly enamoured with him, that 
even gybes, mocks, fleering, &c. would in him be 
construed eae 

P. 297, 8. after, 

——_—— ’t would be a sicnr indeed 
(so all the old copies; not fight) 
“If one conld match you. 

The two oldest quartos, which the Editor pretends 
to have collated, add, . 

The scrimers * of their nation 
He swore, had neither motion, guard, nor eye, 
If you oppos’d them.’ 

P. 298. For goodness growing to a PLeuRisy, &e. 

I had, with you, marked in my book, pLeTHory, 
But I was a little dubious, partly upon the accental - 


* i,@, fencers, skirmishers, 


tried 


syllable, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 577 


syllable falling so wrong in the yerse, the o being 
Jong; and if pronounced so here, harsh and unmu- 
sical: and partly, because I am not sure but. our 
Poet might mistake the nature and occasion of a 
pleurisie, as Beaumont and Fletcher seem likewise 
to have done: Custom of the Country, p. 330: 
And those 400 many excetlencies, that feed _ 
Your pride, turn to a pLeurisy, and kill — 
That which should nourish virtue. ~ 
Ibid. ————— Like a spendthrift’s sigh. 
This is the Editor’s own blunder : all the best co- 
pies read, 


Like a spendthrift sigh. 
z.e..a sigh without occasion, an unnecessary one, 
and prodigally spent. 

I must leave the Fifth Act to my next; and for the 
present conclude myself, dearest Sir, your most 
affectionate and obliged friend and humble servant, 
Lew. THEosatp. 


LETTER LXI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurron. 


Dear Sin, = Wyan's Court, Mar, 26, 1730. 
I proceed directly on to the Fifth Act of Hamlet: 
P. 303. In youth when I did love, &c. 

. [have found that the stanzas sung by the Grave- 
digger are not of Shakespeare's composition, but 
owe their original to the old Earl of Surrey’s Poems. 
Many others of his occasional little Songs I doubt 
not but he purposely copied from his contemporary 
Writers, either as they happened to be ridiculous to 
those times, or as he hada mind to do them honour. 

Apropos, while I remember it: in As You Like It, 
p- 343. 4, 5, you know, there are several little co- 
pies of verses on Rosalind, which are said to be zhe 
right Butter-woman's rank to market, and the very 

VOL. it. : 2p false 


578 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Ise ga ‘verses. Dr. Thomas i , a Phy- 
eh ored eatabed early in Queen lizabetlys 
reign, and was a great Writer of the Pastoral Songs 
sand Madrigals which were 'so much the strain of 
those times, composed a whole volume of Poems in 
praise of his mistress, whom he calls Rosalind. 

If I can meet with this book, it is forty to one but 
we find our Author’s Canzonets on this subject to be 
scraps of the Doctor’s Muse: and perhaps those of 
Biron too, and the other Lovers, in Love's Labour 

Lost. 

P. 303. One that Coup circumvent God, might it 


: not? ' 

Shakespeare, certainly, was never guilty of. this 
prophanation. I read, from the old quartos, one that 
wWouLp, &c. i. e. would, if it were in his power. 

Ibid. Did these bones cost no more the breeding, but’ 

to play at Loccers with them? 

I read, tocats.. I do not know what sort of game 
this was; but there is a Statute against it, among 
many others, 33 Henry VIII. 


P. 309. Woo’t drink up ESILL 

There is no such river that I can find in Denmark. 
I presume it should be, Yssen: from which the 
Province of Over-yssel takes its name in the German 
Flanders. 


Ibid. Kine. This is mere madness. 
The oldest quartos, much more properly in my 
opinion, give this speech to the QuEEN. 


Ibid. When that her golden cuplets are disclos’d. 
I do not know what the cuplets are in a dove, nor, 
consequently, what the disclosing them means. 


P. 310. ———-—————— No leisure bated. 
Can this signify, no time, no delay or respite al- 
lewed ; for so the sense requires ? : 
As in the next page we find, 
Nor shriving-time allow'd. 


‘ 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON: 579 


P. «.... And stand a comma ’tween their amities. 

I do not know what a comma can signify, but a 
stop ; which, methinks, is opposite to the sense here 
required. According to the idea I have at present . 
conceived of the passage, it should be, either, 

And stand No comma ’tween their amities. 
i. e. as no bar should stand between their friend- 
ships :—Or, 

And stand a comma *tween their ENMITIES. 
i.e, as peace should intervene, and prevent their 
enmities. 


P. ..... After this line, 

So Guildensterne and Rosencraus go to ’t. 
the first folio makes Hamlet begin with a verse, 
which I cannot imagine why the Editor should, if 
knowingly, throw out. 

hy, man, they did make love to this employment. 

é. e. it was of their own seeking. It is not, it is 
true, in the oldest quartos, but yet we find, in p. 
224: 

That I to your assistance do make love. 


P. 312. *Tis very cold; the wind is Northerly. 
Osr, It is indifferent cold, my lord, indeed, 
Ham. Methinks, itis very sultry and hot for my com- 
we plexion. : 
Osr.  Exceedingly, my lord; it is very sultry, &ec. 
Igniculum brume si tempore poscas, 
Accipit endromidem ; si dixeris a8STUO, SUDAT. 
* Juven. Sat. iii, 102, 3. 
P. 313. After Hamlet says, 
_ Ibeseech you, remember — 
I will give you two speeches from the old quartos 
that I think are very necessary to be restored, as 
shewing, thoroughly, the foppery and _ affectation 
of Osrick, and the Awmour and address of Hamlet 
in accosting the other at once in his own yein and 
style. sabe hi ood . 
Osr. Nay, good my lord, for my ease. — Sir, shere is 
newly come to court, Laertes; believe me,:ap a 
™ 2P 2 ute 


580 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


lute gentleman, full of most excellent differences, 
of very soft society, and great shew; indeed, to 
speak feelingly of him, he is the card or kalendar 
of gentry; for you shall find inhim the continent of 
what part a gentleman would see. 

Ham. Sir, his definement suffers no perdition in you ; 
though, I know, to divide him inventorially would 
dizzy the arithmetic of memory; and yet but raw 
neither, in respect of his quick sail: but, in the ve- 
rity of extolment, I take him to be a soul of great 
article; and his infusion of such dearth and rare- 
ness, as, to make true diction of him, his semblable 
is his mirror, and who else would trace him, his um- 
brage ; nothing more. 

Osr. Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him. 

Ham. The concernancy, Sir? — Why do we wrap 
the gentleman in our rawer breath? [Zo Horatio, 

P, $14. He did so with his dug, before he suck’d it. 
i.e. he ran away with his dug, before he sucked it; 
which, I confess, I do not very well understand. 
The first folio reads something more intelligibly : 

He did compty with his dug, before he suck'd it. 

P. 316. And in the cup an ONYX shall he throw. 

I, as Mr. Pope hints, am for the degraded read- 
ing, uNton: and I will submit my reasons for it to 
you.—The onyx, as the Naturalists have described 
it, is a species of /ucid stone, of which the Antients 
made both columns and pavements for ornament: 
and, if I am not mistaken, neither the onyx, nor 
sardonyx, are jewels which ever found place in an 
imperial crown. On the other hand, an union, we 
are informed, is the finest sort of pearl ; and has its 
place in all crowns and coronets, Theodoret ex- 
presses himself to our purpose (I do not know ex- 
pressly where, but, I presume, upon St. Matthew 
vii. 6, about casting pearls before swine) : I find him 
quoted by Ramirez de Prado, in his “ Pentecon- 
tarchus: “Non enim interest utrum unto sta- 
tuatur in caeng, an verd situs et insertus in CORONAM 
resplendeat.” Besides, let us consider what the 
_ King says in the very subsequent page: 

Stay, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 581 


Stay, give me drink: Hamlet, this PEARL is thine: 
Here’s to thy health. 

The terms, upon which the King was to threw a 
jewel into the cup were, if Hamlet gave Laertes the 
‘first hit: which Hamlet does. Therefore, if an 
union be a pearl, and an onyx a gem or stone dif- 
fering in its nature from pearls, the King saying 
that Hamlet has earned the pearl, it amounts toa 
demonstration, that it was an uNIoN-pearl which he 
meant to throw into the cup. 

P. 320. And from his mouth whose voice will draw No 

more, 

The Editor must certainly understand by this, 
who no more will draw breath, as being dead. But 
our Author would never have used this expression ; 
nor is it his meaning. We must correct, from the 
authority of the old books: 

And from his mouth, whose voice will draw on more. 

Hamlet, just before his death, had said, 

But I do prophesy, th’ election lights 
On Fortinbras, he has my dying voice, 
So tell him, Ke. 

Accordingly, Horatio here delivers that message ; 
and very justly infers, that Hamlet's voice will be 
seconded by others, and procure them in favour of 
Fortinbras’s succession. 


And so much for Hamlet. 


I am now, dear Sir, to acknowledge the receipt 
of yours, in which you do me the favour of putting 
my argument with regard to Thersites into a true. 
syllogism. I wish I may be able to trace in any 
Authors that edreayjg may signify hilaris, festivus ; 
it will vastly improve and diversify the period in Eu- 
stathius, and make his definition of Comedy more 
complete. 

I have likewise the pleasure of yours (No. 30) of 
the 23d instant, in which you reply to part of my 
queries on Hamlet. I am much indebted for your 
advice with relation to Dr. Broome. I would not 

give 


582 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ive a handle for purposely making an enemy: I 
Foe rather I shall find materials to whip Mr. Pope 
separately for blunders purely his own. I am ex- 
tremely glad to hear of a farther harvest of emenda- _ 
tions from the passages marked out by the Editor as 
distinguishably fine. I did not design peremptorily 
to object to PLETHORY; only to submit to you, from 
the quotation of the Custom of the Country, whether 
both Poets might not have mistaken the cause and 
nature of a pleurisy. 

As I have some room left, dear Sir, give me 
leave to submit to you a conjecture I have made 
upon a passage of Athenzus, lib. xiv. chap. 14: 
Atyoy wévre yévy, elvas avawy, 'mraghevisc, *masdixds, 
Sxilapisngles, 4reaciec. Here Atheneus expressly 
says from Aristoxenus, that there were five sorts of 
pipes; and yet, on numbering them up, specifies but 
four. Neither Natalis Comes, nor Casaubon, nor 
any body else that I know of, have given the least 
hint of the manifest defect in our Author. I have 
ventured to supply him thus: 4reasies, KAT SAAK- 
TYAIKOYS. Coelius Rhodiginus, in the Ninth 
Book, ..th Chapter of his “ Antique Lectiones,” 
has these words: Tibiarum quasdam legimus vocari 
'Parthenias, quasdam verd *Paedicas, item An- 
drie (que dicuntur *Telie et Hypertelie) ; sunt 
et 4Citharisteriw, ac SDacrytice%. I am aware it 
may be objected, that the Dactylic pipes keeping 
company in Rhodiginus with the four other sorts 
mentioned by Athenzus, is no proof that they 
likewise did so in Atheneus. But, to remove that 
objection, it is very probable that Coelius Rhodi- 
ginus transcribed this very observation from our 
Author. And, the sala Casaubon ought to have 
observed, Atheneus in the 24th chapter of his 
Fourth Book gives us expressly all these five species 
of pipes together.—"Annad xa} wegi adadv.... +... 
3 povop le Mlavhevies xarepéves, xad *Tladixes, 
GAAR xal Teg "Avdgeies, (clrwes xardvras Sréresot os 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 583 


xal dmeprérsion) x0) rag *xhapisnples dt, xad rag. 
SAAKTYAIKOY'S. | If an faasobeiieen cer- 
tainty is to be expounded, or supplied, from himself, 
I think, this authority turns my conjecture into a 
demonstration, that Atheneus in his. Fourteenth 
Book meant to repeat what he had before said in his! 
Feanth, however the manuscripts came to be de- 
fective. 


Tam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and’ 
obliged friend and humble servant, 
: Lew. THeosap. 


LETTER LXII. 


To the Rey. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir,  Wyan’s Court, Mar. 28, 1730. , 
I now proceed to Othello, a Play with which I 
eannot help being infinitely charmed, though I can- 
not be wholly blind to some of its absurdities.. Cyn- 
thio, to whom our Poet owes the ground-work of his 
fable, seems to have designed his Novel a document 
to our fair young ladies against disproportioned mar- 
riages ; “di non se accompagnare con huomo, cui la 
natura et il cielo, et il modo:della vita, disgiunge da 
noi:” but Shakespeare inculcates no such moral from 
the disastrous end of Desdemona. Mr. Rymer is 
so hypercritically virulent against the conduct, man- 
hers, sentiments, and diction of the Play, that he 
sometimes makes me downright angry at his cen- 
sures; though | cannot forbear, at the same time, 
laughing at the freedom and coarseness of his rail- 
lery. ‘Lake a sample of him, for instance : 

. Shakespeare inthis Play calls them the super- 
subtle Venetians. Yet examine thoroughly the Tra- 
gedy, there is nothing in the noble Desdemona that 
is not below any country chambermaid with us, 
And the account he gives of their Noblemen and 

Senate, 


584. ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Senate, can only be calculated for the latitude of 
Gotham. The character of the Venetian State, is to 
employ strangers in their wars; but shall a Poet. 
thence fancy that they will set a Negro to be their 
General? or trust a Moor to defend them aguinst the 
Turk? With us, a Black-a-moor might rise to be a 
Trumpeter; but Shakespeare would not have him 
less than a Lieutenant-general. With us, a Moor 
might marry some little drab, or small-coal wench. 
Shakespeare would provide him the daughter and 
heir of some great Lord, or Privy Counsellor; and 
all the Town should reckon it a very suitable match. 
Yet the English are not bred up with that hatred 
and aversion to the Moors, as are the Venetians, 
who suffer by a perpetual hostility from them: Lit- 
tora littoribus contraria. Nothing is more odious 
in nature than an improbable lye; and, certainly, 
never was any Play fraught like this of Othello with 
improbabilities.” 

But now to the text. 

Pp. 325, —_—-——. Three great ones of the City, 

In personal suit to make me his Lieutenant, 
Or?’ capT to him: 
T chuse to read, with the first folio, 
Orr-caPpT to him ; —— 
i, e. stood cap in hand, soliciting him. 
So, in Antony : 
I have ever held my cap OFF to thy fortunes. 

P. 326. Wherein the TONGUED ConsuLs. 

I think we should read, as I have formerly hinted 
to you, 

Tocep Couns’Lors. 

I will now give you my reasons for this change. 
In the first place, roGep is the reading of the oldest 
quarto. 

Then, p. 328, Iago says to Brabantio: 

Zounds! Sir, you ’re robb’d, 
For shame, put on your Gown. 


Now, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 585 


Now, I think, it is pretty certain, Iago does not 
mean, “ slip on your night-gown,” but your gown of 
office, your senatorial gown, your gown of authority, 
and pursue the thief that has stolen your daughter. 

Again, this reading seems to be very proper here, 
in opposition to midiecshigs and so you know the 
phrase is frequently used by the antient writers. 

Cedant arma TOGH.—Cric. in Officiis. 
Sed, quod Pacis est insigne & otii, TOGA; cox- 
tra autem ARMA, tumultus atque BELLI. 
Cic. in Pison,, 
paternisque Lucii Paulli virtutibus similli- 
mus, omnibus BELLI ac TOGH dotibus, &c. 

Then, dear Sir, to explain to you why both here, 

and at p. 332, 

And many of the Consuls, rais’d and met, 

I am of opinion we should read, Couns’lors. The 
Venetian Nobility constitute the Great Council of 
the Senate, and are a part of the Administration, 
and summoned to assist and counsel the Doge, whe 
is Prince of the Senate, and in that regard has only 
precedency before the other Magistrates. 

At p. 334, the Officer says to Brabantio, 

The Duke’s in Councit, and your noble self, 
I’m sure, is sent for. 

And, at p. 336, the Duke says to Brabantio, 

We lack’d your counsEL, and your help to-night, 

Besides, though the Government of Venice was 
Democratic at first, under Consuts and Tribunes, 
that form of power has been totally abrogated since 
Doges have been elected. And whatever Consuls of 
other States may be resident there, yet they have no 
more a voice, or place, in the public councils, or in 
what concerns Peace or War, than Foreign Ambas- 
sadors ean have in our Parliament. 

P, 326 must be LED and ¢alm’d. 

There is no consonance of metaphors in these two 
terms. 


T have 


586 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


I have no doubt but we should restore, from the 


first folio, 
Be-Leep and calm’d. 
P. 331. and my demerits 


May speak, UNBONNETING, —— 

‘I cannot agree with Mr, Pope, that this can sig- 
nify, without pulling off the bonnet. 

Lear, p. 401: 

UNRONNETTED he runs, &c. 

Now, if by unbonnetted we are to understand, 
with the cap pulled off ; by analogy, unbonnetting 
must mean the action of pulling off the cap. The 
old books all agree in reading UNBONNETTED. ; 

This appeared absurd to me; and therefore I pro- 
fac which the Editor has not thought fit to em= 


and my demerits 
May speak, AND BONNETTED, to as proud a fo 
tune: 
ie. though Brabantio be a Senator, yet, if my me- 
rits are put in the scale against his dignity, there is 
no reason but I may keep my hat on, and account 
myself on a fair equality with him. 


P, 332. Cass. 1 do not understand. 
Tago. He’s married. 
Cass.. To WHOM?» 

Surely, this is a terrible forgetfulness in,our Au- 
thor. How came Cassio such a stranger to, this af- 
fair, when it afterwards appears he went, a wooing 
with Othello, and took his part in, the suit? 

‘ What? Michael Cassio! 
‘That came a wooing with you, aud many,a time 
When I have spoke of you dispraisingly, 
Hath ta’en your part? 


P. 334. Bond Slaves and Pacans shall our Statesmen be. 

T have long had a suspicion of Pagans here. They 
ate as strict and moral, we find,, all the world over, 
as the most regular Christians in the preservation, of 
private 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 587. 


private property. The difference of faith is not at 
all concerned ; but mere human policy, in ascertain- 
ing the right of mewm and tuum. 

I therefore imagine that our Poet might rather 
have wrote, 

Bond Slaves and PaGeanrTs shall our Statesmen be. 

i. e. if they let such injurious actions go unpunished, 
our Statesmen must be slaves, cyphers in office, and 
have no power of redressing. 


_ P.337, That will confess PERFECTION so could err. 
Perfection erring, seems.a solecism in terminis. 


P. 339. And of the canibals that each other eat, 
The Anthropophagi; and men whose heads 
Do grow beneath their shoulders. 

I do not know why this should be any more de- 
graded than this passage of the Tempest, p. 49: 
or that there were such meu, 

Whose heads stood in their breasts! which now 
we find 

Each putter-out of one for five will bring us 

Good warrant of. 

I would observe, that both these passages, in my 
opinion, were. inserted by our Author to shew. his 
particular deference for Sir Walter Raleigh. That 
gentleman, in his Travels, tells us, “That, next 
unto Arvi, there are two rivers, Atoica and Caora; 
and on that branch which is called Caora. (says he) 
are a nation of people whose heads appear not above 
their shoulders; which, though it may be thought 
a mere fable, yet for mine own part I am resolved 
it is true, because every child in. the Provinces of 
Arromaia and Canuri affirm the same. They. are 
called Ewaipanomes,: they are reported to have 
their eyes. in their shoulders, and their mouths in 
the middle of their breasts; and that a long train of 
hair groweth backward. between their shoulders. 
The son of Topiawari, whom I brought with. me 


into 


588 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


into England, told me that they are the most mighty 
men of all the land, and use bows, arrows, and 
clubs, thrice as big as any of Guiana, or of the Ore- 
nogeponi; and that one of the Iwarawakeri took’ a 
prisoner of them, the year before our arrival there, 
and brought him into the borders of Aromaia, his 
father’s country. And farther; when I seemed to 
doubt of it, he told me that it was no wonder 
amongst them, but that they were as great a nation, 
and as common as any other in all the provinces.— 
It was not my chance to hear of them till I was 
come away; and if I had but spoken one word of it 
while I was there, I might have brought one of 
them with me, to put the matter out of doubt. 
Such a nation was written of by Mandeville, whose 
reports were holden for fables many years; and yet, 
since the East Indies were discovered, we find his 
relations true of such things as heretofore were held 
incredible. Whether it be true, or no, the matter 
is not great: for mine own part, I saw them not; 
but Jam resolved, that so many people did not all 
combine, or fore-think to make the report. To the 
West of Caroli are diverse nations of cANIBALS, and 
of those Ewaipanomes without heads.” 

Sir Walter Raleigh made this Voyage to Guiana 
in 1595. Mr. Lawrence Keimish, who went the - 
next year, and who dedicates his Relation to Sir 
Walter, mentions the same people; and, speaking of 
a person who gave him considerable informations, 
he adds, “ he certified me of the headless men, and 
that their mouths in their breasts are exceeding 
wide.” 

Perhaps, we may be able to account for the mys- 
tery of these supposed headless nation, Olearius, 
speaking of the manner of cloathing of the Samo- 
jedes, a province of Northern Muscovy, says, “ Their 
garments are made like those that are called Co- 
saques, open only at the necks: when the cold is 
extraordinary, they put their cosaques over their 

heads, 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 589 


heads, and let the sleeves hang down, their faces 
being not to be seen but at the cleft which is at the 
neck. Whence some have taken occasion to write, 
that in these Northern countries there are people 
without heads, having their mouths in their 
breasts.” 

Sir Walter, about the time that his before-men- 
tioned Travels were published, is styled Captain 
of the Yeomen of the Guard, Warden of the 
Stannaries, and her Highness’s Lieutenant-Ge- 
neral, &c. And, if we consider the reputation any 
thing from such a person, and at that time in 
such posts, must come into the world with, we 
shall of opinion that passage of Shakespeare 
need not be degraded for the mention of a story, 
which, however strange, was countenanced with 
such an authority. I should rather think this pas- 
sage, as also the other, do in some measure fix the 
chronology of his writing Othello, as well as the 
Tempest; viz. that as neither of them could be 
wrote before the year 1597, so the mention of these 
circumstances should persuade us, they appeared 
before those, Travels became stale to the publick, 
and their authority too narrowly scrutinized. 

Iam, dearest Sir, your most obliged and_affec- 
tionate friend and humble servant, 

Lew. TuHeronap. 


LETTER LXIII. 


‘To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Sir, | Wyan's Court, Mar. 31, 1730. 
To proceed with Othello : 
P. 341. Due REVERENCE of place and exhibition. 
Thus, indeed, thd old quarto; but the first folio 
and all the other.copies that I have seen; concur in, 
REFERENCE; #. e. that proper apartments and allow- 


ance be allotted for her. 
P. 342. 


590 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 342. —_-——-_— I therefore beg it not 
To please the palate of my appetite ; 
Nor to comply with heat the young affects, 
. In my DeruNcT and proper satisfaction ; 
But to be free and bounteous to her mind. 
Either I am dull beyond the usual degree, or this 
is a period of as stubborn nonsense as the Editors 
have obtruded upon poor Shakespeare throughout 
his whole works. The passage seems to me never 
to have been understood ; since the blunders of it 
have been original from the first printed copy, and 
thence most faithfully deduced de Mie in diem. What 
a preposterous creature is this Othello, to fall in love 
with, and marry, a fine young woman; when appe- 
tite, and heat, and proper satisfaction, are dead 
and defunct in him! 
But, if we are to take his own word, he was not 
reduced to this fatal unperforming state, p. 378: 
——_————- Or, for I am declin’d 
Into the vale of years, yet THAT ’s NOT MUCH. 


Again, why should our Poet say, the young affect 
heat Youth certainly has it, and has no occasion, 
or pretence, of affecting it: whatever superannuated 
lovers may have. And again, would he after defunct 
add so absurd a collateral epithet, as proper? But 
I think I may venture to affirm, that ied was 
not designed here as a verb; and that defunct was 
not designed here at all. 

Let us try if a very slight change will not rescue 
the Poet's meaning from absurdity, and establish 
a most plain and easy-sense. I restore thus: 

——_——_——— I therefore beg it not, 

To please the palate of my appetite ; 

Nor to comply with heat, the young aFFECcTs, 
In my DistINcT and proper satisfaction ; 

But to be free and bounteous to her mind. 

Othello might very well call his love a young AF- 
FECT [or affection], as he was but just married, 

and 


THEOBALD ‘AND WARBURTON. 591 


and had not: yet enjoyed his bride. I think the 
sense and reasoning are very clear) I do not, says 
he, beg her company to indulge and gratify my own 
distinct pleasure, in the joys of a new bridegroom ; 
but to comply with her, in her request and desire of 
accompanying me. ‘That our Poet chuses to use 
affects for affections, you know, dear Sir, there are 
many instances. * 


So, Love’s Labour Lost, p. 227 : 
And ev’ry man with his AFrEcTs is born. 


And so, Richard II. p. 107 : 


As ’twere to banish his arrects with him. 


(For so both the old quartos and folio read.) And 
in this he is an imitator of his two great masters, 
Chaucer and Spenser. 


Ibid. ————-——- Foil with WANTON DULLNESS 
My speculative and offic’d instruments, 
That my Disports corrupt, &c. 

Wanton duliness, methinks, is a suspicious phrase ; 
and though I confess there is an antithesis betwixt 
wanton and speculative, dullness and instruments, 
yet as the word disports immediately follows, T am 
half inclined to think our Poet might have wrote, 

foil with WANTON DALLIANCE. 

It is an expression he much affected. 

Than wanton dalliance with a paramour. 

So, Henry V. p. 393: 

And silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies, 

And Richard III. Act III. Sc. 7: 


Not dallying with a brace of courtezans. 


P. $44. If the BALANCE of our lives had not one scale 
of reason to poise another of sensuality, &c. 


The first and second folio reads, 
Tf the BrainE of oar lives 


I make no doubt but Shakespeare wrote, 
“If the BEAME of our liyes 


And 


592 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


And my reason is, that he always uses balance in 
the sense of a scale, and never, that I remember, 
for the beam that poises the scales. ‘Tempest, p. 28: 
Weigh’d between loathness and obedience, at 

which end the BEAM should bow. 

All's Well, p. 118, 9: 

We poizing us in her defective scale 
Shall weigh thee to the BEAM. 

2 Henry VI. p. 120: 

And poise the cause in justice equal scale 
. Whose Beam stands sure. . 

Hamlet, p. 292: 

Thy madness shall be paid with weight 
Till our scale turn the BEAM. 

Richard II. p. 146: 

In your lord’s scale is nothing but himself, 
And some few vanities that make him light, 
But in the BaLance of great Bolingbroke. 

2 Henry IV. p. 331: 

I have in equal BaLANcE justly weigh’d, &c. &c. 

P. 347. ANOTHER ship of Venice 

Hath seen a grievous wreck ——-—— 

What other ship? There is no first ship men- 
tioned. We must read, with the first folio, and a 
quarto that I have, printed in the year 1630: 

A NOBLE ship of Veniee, &c. 

P, 352. How say you, Cassio, is he not a most pro- 

fane and liberal COUNSELLOR ? 

I should imagine the context demands censuRER. 
for Iago was judging with great freedom of the sex, 
not giving any advice relating to them. 

P. 358. If consequence do but approve my DREAM. 

We both agreed in suspecting this place, though 
not exactly in the cure of it. I had marked in my 
book, “ approve my DEEM,” ¢. e. my opinion, the 
judgment I have formed. So, ‘Troilus, p. 338: 

I true?—How now ;—What wicked DEEM is this? 

P, 365. For that he hath devoted, and given up 

himself to the contemplation, mark, and DEVOTE- 
MENT of her parts and graces. 


Something 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 593 


Something like this is said of Antony, in the 
very beginning of that Play : 

— Now bends, now turns, 
The office and DEVOTION of their yiew 
Upon a strumpet’s front. ‘ 

But I cannot persuade myself, our Poet would 
have said that Othello devoted himself to the de- 
votement. J read, DENOTEMENT. 

P, 368. Enter Cassio, Musicians, and Clown. 

The direction for this entrance does not seem en- 
tirely right. The scene should be, before Othello’s 
palace. Cassio should speak with the musicians; af- 
ter his speech, they should play their serenade; and 
then the Clown should enter, as from the house. 

P. 373. Excellent wretcu! 

Wretch, 1 think, can scarce be admitted to be 
used, unless in compassion, or contempt: but Othel- 
lo is speaking here with admiration, or fondness, of 
Desdemona. I read, 

Excellent wencH! 

Wench and .lass in Shakespeare’s time were not 
used in that low and vulgar acceptation as they are at 
this time of day. Vide infra: 

: ———— Thou ill-starr’d wench, 


Pale as thy smock ! 
So, Antony, p. 31: 
Royal wencn! 
So, lass; vide Antony, p. 107: 
Now boast thee, Death! in thy possession lies 
A Lass unparallel’d. 
And so likewise, girl, Antony, p. 81: 
——— What, girl? though grey 
Do something mingle with our younger brown, &c, 
In all which places they are used with dignity. 
P. 374, ——_——_——_———- I do beseech you, 
: THoveu I perchance am vicious in my guess. 
I own, I cannot understand the reasoning of this 
passage.— Though 1, perhaps, am vicious in my 
guess (says Iago) and conceit but imperfectly, pray, 
do not, let your wisdom therefore give you disturb . 
VOL, II. 2a ance, 


594 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ance,” &c.—Hoe minimé videtur Shakespearianum. 
I have conjectured : 


I do beseech you, 
Tuinx, I perchance am vicious in my guess. 
And then this is a fair reasoning, why Othello 
should not build too much on Iago’s suspicions. So 
again afterwards, p. 377: 


In the mean time, 
Let me be THOUGHT too busy in my fears, Ke. 


P. 375. Oh! beware, my lord, of jealousy ;, 

It is a. green-ey’d mouster, which doth MOCK 
The meat it feeds on. 

Lam at a loss to form any idea to myself, how 
jealousy mocks its own food, or the cause on which 
‘it subsists. No passion whatever is more in earnest 
than jealousy, or more intent on the object that ex- 
ercises it, But jealousy, we know, is generall mis- 
taken in its object; and raises to itself uneasinesses 
from its own mistaken conceptions. 

What if we should then read ? 

Oh! beware, my lord, of jealousy ; 
It is a green-ey’d monster, which doth MAKE 
The meat it feeds on. 
i. e, jealous persons feed on the matter of their own 
suspicions. 


Ibid. Poor, and content, is rich, and rich enough; 
‘ But riches endless, is as poor as WINTER, 
To him that ever fears he shall be poor. 

If winter had been put here in. contrast to the 
fertility of summer or autumn, or if poor as, winter 
be any known proverbial expression, I should: have 
nothing to object. 

But | rather think the context requires, 

Is.as poor as WANT, 


i. e. as poverty itself. 


P. 382, —_-———_ If there be cords, or knives, 
Poison, or fire, or suffocating-STEAMS, &e. 
All the old copies, that I have seen, read (and, I 
think, more rightly), srrREams. 


P. 384. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 595° 


J Py 384, - Lethim command, * 
Nor to obey shal! be in me remorse,’ 


What bloody business ever. : 

You favoured me, dear Sit, with an emendation 
upon this passage ; but, with the change of a single 
letter, anid a regulation of the pointing, } had un+ 
derstood it thus ; i ‘ 

——_-—_——— Let him command, 
Nor, to obey, shall be in me remorse. 

T will have no remorse, no compunctions, in obey= 
ing his commands, let them be ever so bloody. ; 
acbeth, p. 202: . 

Stop up th’ access and passage to REMORSE, 

That no compunctious visitings of Nature 

Shake my fell purpose. 

P. 388. So shall I cloath me in a forc’d content, 

And shut myself up in some other course 
To Fortune’s ARMs. 

T cannot see why Mr. Pope should depart from 

the reading of the old copies here : ‘ 
To Fortune’s ALMs. 


So, in King Lear, i. 1: 


% 


Let your study 
‘Be, to content your lord; who hath receiv’d you 
At Fortune’s aLMs. , 

As I finish here with the Third Act, I will re- 
serve the other two for my next. 

John, Act I, Se. 1: 

————-_—_—— My face so thin, 
That in mine ear I durst not stick a rose, 
Lest men would say, look where three-farthings 
> goes, 

We agreed, dear Sir, that one of our old coins is 
alluded to in this passage*. I will give you a passage 
from Beaumont and Fletcher's Scornful Lady, p. 
272, that will either help towards explaining our 
Poet,.or make work for speculation: 

—— He had a bastard, his own toward issue, 
whipt, and then cropt, for washing cut the ROsEs in 
THREE-FARTHINGS to make ’em pence. 


' * See the Letter to Mr. Folkes hereafter, 
2a2 As 


596 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


As I have a little room still left, dear Sir, without 
ceremony I will submit to your judgment (because 
I shall have occasion to use the passage) an expla- 
nation of mine upon Suidas, where Kuster by his 
own confession and his version of the place, it is 
evident, was wholly in the dark. Vide Zogoxajjs 
Zopias. — Kal acyov [xararcyddyy, addunt priores 
Editiones], awepi r& Xopé, wpds O¢omw xal Koipirov 
ayousonevoc. Which Kuster having thus trans- 
Jated—et orationem de choré, de quo cum Thespide 
et Cheerilé contendebat,—he very ingenuously con- 
fesses, that the place is obscure to, or rather suspected 
by, him: for how could Sophocles contend with 
Thespis and Cheerilus, who both lived a great while 
before his time? ‘This question, indeed, is very 
reasonably put, considering he is quite sand-blind, 
as honest Launcelot calls it, as to our Lexicogra- 
pher’s meaning. If I do not too rashly fancy that 
T understand this place, I own it is neither obscure, 
to me, nor do J suspect it. I point and render it 
thus: Kal adyov xararcyddyy, wep) r Kops apis Oso- 
mw xa Xoipsrov aywugousvos. Et declamavi, PRo- 
SAICE, (sermonem soluta oratione fecit) chorum ad 
Thespidis et Cheerili [emortuorum] fabulas conce- 
dendum strenué impetraturus. Sophocles, it seems, 
loved some of the pieces of Thespis and Cheerilus so 
well, that he wished to revive them; and solicited _ 
the Archon, as it was usual, that a Chorus might be 
granted him (i. e. the expenses of it defrayed) for 
that purpose. ‘The learned Kuster seems not to 
have remembered here any thing wep) r& Xoptv 
cursiv, vel Aapbavew: or that a Chorus was granted 
to Jophon, when he exhibited one of his father So- 
phoeles’s plays after his decease: or that Law, which 
the Athenians made through respect to Aeschylus 
after his death, that the person should be allowed a 
Chorus, who would revive any of his pieces; the 
recollection of which, in my opinion, makes Suidas 
very intelligible here. ; 

am, 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.’ 597. 


T am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged friend and humble servant, 
; Lew. THEoBa.p. 


LETTER LXIV. 
To the Rev. Mr. Warputron. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Apr. 11, 1730. 
Business has obliged me to intermit a few posts, 
as the want, I suppose, of materials sufficient for 
your reply has occasioned the silence on your part; 
for the latest received is No. 31 of the 30th of March. 
T now proceed to the remainder of Othello : 
P. 392. CONVINCED or SUPPLIED them. , 
LT altered this to convINCED or sUPPLED them, as 
Mr. Pope takes notice. Whether he thinks the al- 
teration right, I do not know: I am sure I do not 
understand the vulgar reading. My emendation 
seems to make the sense of the passage easy and in- 
telligible ;_ that there are some such long-tongued 
knaves in the world, who, if they through the one 
of importunity extort a favour from their mis- 
tress, or if through her own fondness they make her, 
pliant to their desires, cannot pelp bovatDg of their 
success. To convince, here, the Editor might have 
observed, is not, as in the common acceptation, to 
make sensible of the truth of any thing by reasons 
and arguments, but to overcome, get the better of, 
&e.. So, Macbeth, p. 207: 
—_—_—_-—— his two chamberlains 
Will I with wine and wassel so CONVINCE, &c, 
And again, p. 247: 
Their malady CONVINCES 
The great assay of art. 
And so, Cymbeline, p. 16: 
Your Italy contains none so accomplished a cour- 
tier to CONVINCE the honour of my mistress. 


‘J 


598 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


| So, to: supple, is a verb formed from the ad- 
jective, and used in our Author's time in the sense 
that I here make it bear. Beaumont‘and Fletcher, 
in Spanish Curate, p. 522: 
He’s monstrous vex’d and musty at my chess-play, 
But this shall suppie him, when he has read it. 
P. 392. —__————_. Work on, 
My med’cine works! : 
I read, with a very slight change, 
—_———. Work on, 
_ My med’cine, work ! F 
" P. 394. And his unbookish jealousy must. construe 
_. . Poor Cassio’s smiles, gestures, &c. 

Why poor? Jago had too much rancour against 
Cassio to speak compassionately with regard to him. 
Or is poor, here, meant in contempt ; as the poor tool 
' of my revenge? I had once suspected (but, perhaps, 

there is no occasion for the change) our Cassio’s 
smiles, as Iago twice before expresses himself; p. 3563 
( “T'll have our Michael Cassio on the hip ; 

And p. 358: s 
/ Now ’mongst this flock of drunkards 
‘Am I to put our Cassio in some action, &c, 
~ P. 398. This fail you not to do, as yon will 
This line should certainly be printed in Ttalies ; 
Othello does not here speak to any body, but is read- 
ing aloud a part of the letter. 
P. 399. Are his wits safe? Is he not or LicuT brain? 
' The old quarto reads, 
> ——————_ Is he not Lieut or brain? 
And so the emphasis is much smoother. It is like- 
wise our Author’s mode of expression, Lear, p. 409 : 
False of heart, light of ear, bloody of hand, &e. 
P. 400. I should have found in some place of my soul 
A prop of patience 
I should think Othello’s circumstances, as he is 
stating them, should. rather require a prop ‘of ‘pa- 
tience. But.our Poet has elsewhere the same man- 
ner of expression, 


ow 


P. 402. 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 599 


P. 402, —— Turn thy complexion there, © 
Patience, thou young and rose-lip’d chernbin; 
I were look grim as hell. 

Othello is here made to make an apostrophe to 
Patience, bidding her turn her complexion, and then 
says, that he himself looks as grim as hell. Bat I 
do not think this was our Poet's intention; or that 
he meant to discontinue his figure. I read, 

Turn thy complexion there, 
Patience, thou young and rose-lip’d ghernbi, 
d, THERE look grim as hell.. 
ie. “Ay, do not only turn thy complexion, but look 
as grim asa Fury. 

P. 402. Made to write whore upon? What, committed? 

| What, as | take it, should be the accusative go- 
verned of committed. 

Besides, the verse halts a little. 1 read, 

Made to write whore upon? What, WHAT committed? 
which addition supports the numbers, gives an en- 
ergy to Othello’s passion, and makes a proper an- 
swer to Desdemona’s question, 

P, 408, She was in love, and he she loy’d prov’d map, 

And did forsake her. 

Should it not rather be, Bap? i. e. dishonestly 
forsook her. 

Ibid. 


I’ve much ado 
Bor to go hang my head all at one side. 
I would read, nor. 
P.411. I’ve rubb’d this young GNat almost to the sense. 
The tenderest rub we could give a gnat, would 
rather rub him out of all sense. But, I think, I ob- 
served to you upon Love’s Labour Lost, that the old 
“quarto reads here, @UAT. 
P. 423. Come, guard the door without, let him not 
pass, &e. 
I chuse to read, as if Montano were speaking to 
the attendants: 
Some guard the door without, &c. 
As in Titus Andronicus, p. 141 : 


Some bring the murther’d body, some the murth’rers. 
And 


600 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE: 


And now, dear Sir, I haye run through this part 
of my task; in which I have given you very great 
trouble, and received back on my part very great 
satisfaction. The best acknowledgment I can make 
will be in the grateful confession of your assist- 
ance. I shall with singular pleasure sacrifice to gra- 
titude a portion of my praise; which at the same 
will be repaid in the pride of having so generous and 
meritorious a Coadjutor. But, as Hamlet says, 

; ** A little too much of this.” 

I could wish, if it be not too troublesome, you 
will at a leisure hour throw your eye over the Edi- 
tor’s Preface, and favour me with the remarks that 
occur to you upon it. 

As I have still some room, stulta est clementia 
periture parcere chart. I will fill up with an emen- 
dation or two that I have occasionally made in turn- 
ing over Aristophanes, of which I beg your opinion 
whether you think me right. / 

Acharnenses, ver. 733 :—Axserov 47, woriyer’ Euly 
rev yaséga. ‘The poor Megarean, who, out of hunger, 
comes to sell his two daughters disguised as porkers, 
bids them listen to him, and instead of saying, 
Lend me your attention, he cries, Lend me your 
belly ; and this, says the Scholiast, the Poet does, to 
hint at their being ready to starve ; and then closes 
his note with these words: MIKPA* 8? 7% Eom ra 
Tlomry. ‘Tenue vero quoddam innuere vult Poeta, 
I do not understand the Scholiast; or, if I do, [am 
satisfied’he is wrong ......- 0. esa eee ees Py. 
I have no doubt but the old Commentator wrote, 
MIAPA 83 7 Fase 7 Tori, i. e. Malignus, nem- 
pe, est Poetee animus: in Megarenses invidiosum™ 
sese exhibet. The Scholiast might very properly 
make such a remark, when the Poet, to expose the 
extreme poverty and distress of the people, brings a 
father selling his own children for bread. And the 
whole difference of the sentiment, you see, depends 
on the mistake of a K for an A. 

: This 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 601 


This puts me in mind of a passage or two in Sui- 
das, upon which Kuster has not acquitted himself 
with any better accuracy. In ‘Hyegiwe Siu, the 
Lexicographer, enumerating certain sea-birds, says, 
Oardooia d3, drxvav, "AHAQ'N, xnixes, albula, &e. 
Bochart, as you will observe, by Kuster’s. subjoined 
note, suspected the place, and thought that dydev 
was only a different reading for aaxuay, which at 
first had possession of the margin, and thence crept 
into the text. Kuster embraces this suspicion of 
Bochart, because he does not see how a NIGHTIN- 
GALE should have a place among sea-birds. True; 
but, with submission to both these learned men, I 
am persuaded that Suidas wrote, Oardroim 82, aa- 
xuav, XEAIAQ‘N, xyixec, &e. 

I need no more mention to you that the Natural- 
ists tell us of sea-swallows, than that swallows are 
found on the banks of rivers. 

Again, in v. AdréySoves. Suidas, explaining this 
word, tells us the Athenians were so called: and 
then he tells what other people were called so too. 
Adroyboves 02 xad "Apxddes, xal “Alywifro, xad 
"AOHNAYOL éxaaévro. You will readily agree 
with me, I dare say, dear Sir, that Suidas would 
not tell us that the Athenians were called durc- 
xooveg, and so were the Arcadians, and Aginete, and 
ArHENIANS. What monstrous stupid tautology! 
I make no scruple to read, xa) ‘Ol OHBAIOI éxa- 
aévro. Please only for confirmation to turn back to 
*Abnvatwy duc6eaia, and there we find the Author 
thus explaining himself,—Or: atrdyboves of ’Aby- 
yoios 2Agyovro, xab’Apxadeg, xad Aiyiwijrar, xal OH- 
BAI-OI. And Harpocration gives us the very same 
account, and quotes Hellanicus for it. 


But to return to Aristophanes; I mean, the Pro- 
legomena in Kuster’s Edition of that Poet; whence 
I hope to entertain you with an emendation at this 
moment— Quod felix faustumque sit ! 

In the ....th of these Prolegomena, we meet an 

extract’ 


602 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


extract from Platonius about the differences in the 
several species of Comedy; at the conclasion of which 
there are these words: ss@pev 8y rag pig ev Toig 
wporwrose Tis Mevetvdpe xeopundiag trolas B21, xa Gres 
Rec pappevoy ro SQ MA, xad 8d xara evgwmey Odo. 
Which Julius Cesar Bullenger, in his tract “ De 
Theatro,” has thus translated: Videmus igitur apud 
Menandrum qualia supercilia, quantaque persone 
habent, quam absono, perverso ac distorto sint cor- 
pore, et & natura hominum alieno. Platonius, you 
will observe, dear Sir, is particularly speaking of the 
Comic masks: that in the Old Comedies they were 
made to resemble the faces of the persons to be sati- 
rized; so that by these the audience distinguished 
whom the Actor represented. In the Middle and 
New Comedies such a liberty became dangerous to 
the Poet; and therefore, says he, we see how Me- 
nander contrived his masks. Now I would fain 
know, how the distortions of the body are concerned 
in this subject. 1 have two conjectures on this pas- 
sage; and submit that the passage must either be 
read, xo) rms eespuppevov r> STO'MA, and thus 
allude to the distortion of the Lips inthe Old Masks; 
or else, which I rather incline to, x0 trws Ges pou- 
pévov +> “OMMA, im regard to the GoseLEep and 
distorted eyes in their masks, Julius Pollux, 
lib. iv. c. 19, is very particular about Stage Masks ; 
and we see from him that the Eyes in woh were 
adapted to the quality of the character represented, 
Some had édbarpes cxubearss,—Prdupe numngiys— 
riy Oday xciln@ic,—evrovairegos 7d Prsppe,—vwbpog Tijy 
abi,—rd Padypo Bpinds—And some were, which 
comes more immediately to my correction, YTPEB- 
AON 7)”OMMA, xod ALA’STPOPOS viv "OVIN. 
And as to the old Roman Masks, Diomedes Gramma- 
ticus tells us; Personis primus uti caepit Roscius Gal- 
lus, OCULISPERYERSIS, nec satis decorus in personis, &c. 
And now let.me beg pardon,.and give you respite. 

I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
ebliged friend and humble servant, Lew. THEoBa.p. 
LEITER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 603 


LETTER LXV.* 


To the Rey. Mr. Warzurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, May . . , 1730. 

Since my last, I am to acknowledge the receipt of 
yours, wherein you say my Letters shall be sent up 
by the Newark carrier; and also another (No. 1) in 
which you give me advice of their being delivered, 
and that I am to expect them as this day, 

In the latter, Iam obliged to you for the plea- 
sure of several accurate emendations and conjectures, 
being a part of that harvest which I am to expect 
from your second tillage of our Author. 


Among the others, I am prodigiously struck with 
the justness of your emendation on Midsummer 
Night’s Dream, p. 136: “ 

And the wolf BEHOWLS the moon, 

I remember no image whatever of the wolf simply 
gazing on the moon; but of the night-howling of 
that beast we have authority from the Poets. 


Virgil, Georg. i, 486: 


Per noctem resonare, lupis ululantibus, urbes, 

And again, AEneid. vii. 16: 

i sera sub nocte rudentum : 
Setigerique sues, atque in prasepibus ursi 5 
Sevire, ac forme magnorum ululare luporum. 

I have alluded to this night-howling of the wolf 
in my “ Orestes,” Circe is supposed to apply to ma- 
gick to know the issue of her passion for Orestes ; 
and upon this I have introduced a priest of Hecate, 
describing the proper season of those infernal opera- 
tions. As I had an ambition in this of attempting 


‘ * By a memorandum on this Letter in Warburton’s hand, it 
appears that an intermediate ogy 4 missing) was “ filled 
with emendations of Aristophanes Suidas,” 

to 


604 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


to copy e Great Master (absit verbo vanitas!) who 
is so excellent in all his metaphysical descriptions, I 
will submit my mimickry of him to your favourable, 
or rather partial, perusal : 

*T is now the very noon of silent Night ; 

- When Nature’s duller sons are steep’d in rest: 

And only murth’rers and magicians wake. 

Wolves cease to howl; and the shrill-yelping cur 

No longer bays the moon. The hoarse wind sleeps; ° 

The lazy, slacken’d, surge scarce beats its shore: 

And the moist element above is hush. 

This solemn bour demands our potent rites : 

While shiv’ring ghosts steal from the recent shroud, 

And glide disquiet to their late-lov'd homes : 

While demons frolic; and the Fairy’s tread 

Makes bare the ringlets in the flow’ry field. 


You certainly, dear Sir, seem to me no less just 
and happy in your emendation of this passage in 
Much Ado About Nothing, p. 96: 


If low, an AGLET very vilely cut. 


You say, somewhere else, though now you cannot: 
recollect the place, Shakespeare again uses this si-: 
militude, to denote a little person. I suppose, the 
following passage in the Taming of the Shrew, p. 24: 

Why, give him gold enough, and marry him toa 
puppet, or an AGLET-baby. 


I submit it to you whether an emendation ought not 
to take place likewise in this passage of the Second 
Part of airy the Fourth, p. 282: 

I was never mann’d with an acor till now: but I 
will set you neither in gold, nor silver, but in vile 
apparel, and send you back again to your master’ 
for a jewel. 


Methinks, it would be very humourous in Falstaff! 
here to describe his dwarf of a page by the resem- 
blance to an aglet: unless you think the word jewel 
following requires agot, 


Henry 


. THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 605 


Henry IV. Part I. p. 189: 

I then all smarting with my wounds being coxp, 
To be so pestér’d, &c. 
Out of my grief, and my, &c. 

You very justly observe, that the infinitive pas- 
sive here has no preceding verbal to govern it: and 
therefore, and because Hotspur at that period is re- 
presented breathless, and dry with rage, so that his 
wounds could not be cold, you ingeniously substi- 
tute galled. 

I will tell you, dear Sir, how I had lately solved 
this passage to myself. I agree with you, the pre- 
ceding verbal is wanting: but I imagine, with sub- 
mission, Hotspur’s wounds might be cold. The 
fight was done, you observe, before this trim Lord 
came to him ; and though he might be then breath- 
less and dry, yet before he returned his answer about 
the prisoners, we find this fop stood prating deli- 
berately, ever and anon smelling to his pouncet- 
box, and séi// smiling and talking; was offended at 
dead bodies being brought across his nose, and 
descanted wisely on guns, and drums, and wounds, 
and parmacity, and salt-petre: so that, in this in- 
terval, the blood might congeal enough to make 
Hotspur feel the smarting of his wounds. 

I therefore, to supply the preceding verbal want- 
ing, and not molest the words of the text, had made 
this transposition of two of the verses, a remedy that 
you know we are frequently forced to have recourse 
to, against the heedlessness of our Author's Editors: 

I, then all smarting with my wounds being cold, 
Out of my grief, and my impatience 
To be so pester’d with a popinjay, 
Answer’d neglectingly, I know not what; &c. 
~ I shall be glad of your consent to this suspicion of 
nine, in your next; but not unless you think I am 
right in it. J 

I wil now trouble you with a passage in Hamlet, 
which, I at present imagine, I never understood till 
the other day. 

sk P. 309. 


606 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


P. 309. ——~—— Come, shew me what thou ‘It do, 
~ _Woo’t weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear 
thyself? 
Woo’t drink up EstLt, eat a crocodile? 
I'Ildo’t, &e. 

Because there was no such river as Estl in Den-' 
mark, we agreed, you may recollect, that the Poet 
must have wrote Ysser. But Hamlet, sure, is not 
daring Laertes to perform an impossibility (as, Drink” 
up a river, for example, and I will do the same): 
but he rather seems to mean, Wilt thou resolve to do 
things the most shocking and. distasteful to human 
nature, behold me as resolute; 7. e. Woo't thou en- 
ter into a course of deep sorrow? woo't thou ven- 
ture thy life in combat? woo't thou abstain from 
sustenance ? woo't thou rip up tly bowels, &c. 


I therefore suspect that our Poet wrote, 
Woo’t drink up EIset, eat a crocodile. 

i. e. Woo't thou drink up any proportion of vine- 
gar, and I'll swallow the same draught. The pro- 

sition, indeed, is not very grands but the doing 
it might be as distasteful and unsavoury as eating 
the flesh of a crocodile. And now there is neither 
an impossibility, nor an anticlimax. Besides, the 
lowness of the idea is in some measure removed by 
the uncommon term. Both Minshew and Skinner 
acknowledge the word; and interpret it, vinegar: 
but we have still a better authority. 


Chaucer, Romaunt of the Rose, p. 217: 
So evil hewed was her coloure, 
Her semed to have livid in langoure ; 
She was like thing for hungir ded, 
That lad her life onely by bred 
Knedin with Elsen strong and egre; 
And therto she was lene and megre. 

But, lest Chaucer’s authority should be thought 
of too long a date, and the word to have become ob- 
solete in our Author's time, I will produce a pas- 
‘sage where it is again used by himself. 

In 


THEOBALD. AND) WARBURTON. 607. 


In.a Poem of his, called “ A Complaint,” he thus 
expresses himself: 
Whilst, like a willing patient, I will drink 
Potions of Ese ’gainst my strong infection; ~ 
No bitterness, that T will bitter think, 
Nor double penance to correct correction. 


I have just, dear Sir, received from the carrier the 
packetof my Letters *, very carefully put together ; 
and I will take care to keep them in the same regu- 
lar order for their return. I am, dearest Sir, your) 
mast affectionate and obliged friend and humble ser- 
vant, Lew. TuEopatp. 


LETTER LXVE 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton. 


Dear Str, WW yan's Court, Sept. 15, 1730. 

I have received the favour of yours of the 7th in- 
stant, and greatly rejoice in a new alphabet -- begun 
(in which order, I think, it will be best to follow 
you), and wish your occasional second perusal may. 
start materials sufficient to compleat it. I would by. 
no means wish you to restrain your genius, or the 
of your suspicions, so long as you are pleased 

to indulge me in such a labour; for, though every 
conjecture should not upon trial prove standard, give 
me leave to say, without flattery, there is something 
so extremely ingenious in all you start, that I would 
with great regret be defrauded of sucha fund either of 
entertainment, or erudition. It has not been yet in 
my power fully to weigh every emendation in your 


* This packet contained the Original Letters of Theobald, 
from Si those here presented to the Reader are actually 
printed. 

. + The manner in which the few subsequent Letters are dis- 
tinguished, A, B, C, &c. } 

; ast: 


608 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


in present. 

Midsummer Night's Dream, p. 123: 

-—— found Demetrius like a GEMELL, -—— 

This isso finely guessed, and gives so natural a 
sense where before there was none at all, that I wish 
heartily the word had ever been used again by 
Shakespeare; or that I could meet with it either 
in Spenser, Chaucer, or any of the old Glossaries. 
Our Author, you know, once has jimmold, or gim- 
mald (Henry V. p. 441), a ring of two rounds, 
from gemellus; and gemells, Skinner tells us, is a 
word in Heraldry, to signify a pair of bars. But 
neither of these, I am afraid, will sort with our al- 
lusion, But then again, on your side, Blunt and 
Phillips both acknowledge such a word as GEMINELS 
to signify twins. 1 have no e*ception to the deriva- 
tion of the term ; I only wish, they had subjoined 
an authority by whom it had been adopted into 
English. Upon the whole, I cannot but embrace 
your emendation: and though the word should be 
an drak Acyousvov, yet the appositeness of its usage 
may well excuse Shakespeare for coining it. It may 
not be amiss, perhaps, to observe, that our Author, 
more than once, has employed, upon occasion, the 
same thought. 

So, Twelfth Night, p. 249, concerning the re- 
semblance betwixt Sebastian and Viola: 

A nat’ral perspective, that Is, AND IS NOT. 

Comedy of Errors, p. 58: 

One of these men is GENIUs to the other. 

But to propose an odd conceit to you, and 
eall over the word GimMoLp. Both Minshew, 
&e. have a GIMMEW-ring: and let us see what sort 
of aring this is. It is common with us, you know, to 
tie a thread round a finger, when we dare not wholly 
trust our pai The French, as we may learn 
from Cotgrave, have a ring which is called souve- 
nance, with several hoops, whereof one is always let 

down 


last: but to some of them I am prepared to speak 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, - 609 


down for remembrance; and Shakespeare might pos- 


sibly have a view to this ring. 


Timon, Act IV. Sc. 3, p. 146: 
O BLEssING-breeding Sun! 

This compound adjective so finely assists the 
sense, as well as restores a contrast in the terms, 
that I have not the least doubt but the emendation 
ought to be embraced. 

Lear, p. 361: 

Who covers faults, at Jast with shame derides. 

I cannot say, dear Sir, that this was ever obscure 
to me. I always took it, that who, the relative here, 
was to be referred to Time in the foregoing line, 
which is personalized by our Poet;-and that the 
meaning was, that Time, who for a while some- 
times conceals enormities, at last lays them open, 
and betrays the enactors to shame and contempt. 

So we see, speaking of himself, in the Winter's 
Tale, p. 301: 

I that please some, try all; both joy and ¢error 
To good and bad; that MAKE and unfold error. — \ 

The sense here is very obvious, and not bad; but, 
as a contrast in the terms seems plainly designed by 
the Poet, I would, by adding one letter, if you ap- 
prove of the change, read, 

—++——- that Maske and unfold error ;— 
and then we have the very thought which occurs 
above in Lear. 


Lear, p. 369: 
To say little, —— 
recté, ut nihil supra, 

Ibid. p. 421: 

That BRAVES your ordinance, —— 

Thad likewise marked thus in the margin of my 
book, but had some doubts remaining concerning the 
word slaves; because, to beslave a man, is used not 

. only in the acceptation of calling names, but of insult- 

VoL.’ II, 2R ing, 


610 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ing, and using contemptuously ; which last significa- 
tions will tally with our Poet’s meaning; i.e, contemns, 
makes your ordinances slaves to his own appetites. 

Lear, p. 434: © i 

I’le ABLE them. 

Here again I had with you marked bail in my 
‘margin My ir I was a little staggered as to the cer- 
tainty of the conjecture, because I had found, I 
able them, in Beaumont and Fletcher, though IT 
cannot at this instant refer to the passage; and that, 
possibly, itmay mean, I'll justify, countenance them. 

~ Troilus, p. 273: age Ty 
—— his valour is crusH’p into folly. , 
~ You propose, a crusH unto folly. The conjec- 
ture is truly ingenious; but, I am afraid, to be dis- 
boa : for why should his valour be a covering to 
is folly, if his folly at the same time had an air of 
discretion? J rather think, the Poet designed an 
- antithesis. in his description. That. so many. dif- 
ferent qualities and humours were stuffed in Ajax, 
that no one single quality had: room, or power, to 
act distinctly, without being tinctured and infected 
by some opposite quality. Grush'd into, at first 
view, seems an odd phrase; but, I think, hardly. to 
be questioned, considering the preceding terms; 
Nature hath so crowded humours (and to preserve 
the metaphor more. entire, you: may remember, I 
proposed in the following words to. read, Folly 

FARCED with discretion). _ : 

Shakespeare has again used the same kind of lan- 
guage in Cymbeline, p. 6:: ; 

I do extend him, Sir, within himself, 
Crusu him together. 

Ibid. p. 345: 
Not Neoptolemus’ sire irascible. 

As much as I am pleased with this emendation, 
give me leave to say, dear Sir, that there are seyeral 
reasons. for contesting it. In the first place, why 
should Hector here decypher Achilles by such an 


obscure 


‘THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. | 611 


‘obscure periphrasis as calling him the sire of Neop- 
tolemus, no where else mentioned by that name in 
this Play? for, where’ he mentions him before, p 
326, he calls him “ young Pyrrhus.” And to have 
given him both the appellations might, perhaps, 
ave raised an ambiguity to an English audience; 
which he has sersiptlsbaly declined in another in- 
stance, calling Paris only Paris, and never: Alexan- 
der. In the next place, as intimately acquainted as 
‘Shakespeare might be with the circumstances of this 
famous siege, it does not appear to me, either from 
this Play, or from the quotation in Hamlet, that he 
knew Pyrrhus, the son of Achilles, was likewise 
‘ealléd Neoptolemus. On the contrary, I have strong 
reason to suspect he took them for distinct Princes; 
‘and now to tell you why, You must know, though 
Shakespeare borrowed ts whole hint of Pandarus’s 
character, and some circumstances relating to Cres- 
- ‘sid, ftom Chaucer's Translation of Lollius; yet for 
most of the particulars of the siege, he was neither 
indebted to that Poem, nor to Freier: but to an 
old book, translated from the French, and printed 
in black letter by Wynkin de Worde in 1503, treat- 
ing of the Three Sieges and Destructions of Troy: 
for there, in the list and parade of the Heroes that 
engaged in this expedition, mention is made of King 
Neoptolemus, and his form and bulk are described ; 
and he is made to mix in several battles before the 
death of Hector ; is called a strong knight, encoun- 
ters one King Archilogus, and Sarpedon ; and is at 
Yast slain by Achilles. Shakespeare, therefore, T be- 
lieve, was seduced by this authority; and being 
taken in, perhaps, with the sounding name of Ne- 
optolemus, and finding him to make some figure as 
a warrior, he might be induced to enhance his cha- 
racter with some strokes, that, as you observe, are 

more peculiarly applicable to Achilles, 
For farther: proof of our Poet’s trading with this 
Author, J will mention to you a few circumstances, 
2R2 which 


612 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


which he could pick up no where else, and which 
he has thought ft to transplant into his Play: 

. First, The corrupted names of the six gates of 

Troy, in the Prologue. 

_2dly, Hector’s horse Galathe, p. 365. ene 
3dly, The Sagittary appalling the Grecians. Ibid, 
4thly, The bastard Margarelon, p.... 
5thly, Cassandra’s warning to Hector the day he 

was killed, p- 362. 

6thly, Diomedes getting one of Cressid’s gloves, 

Pp. gs naeihas saehh ane tanieas & trae oh tt an Ch tt 

stly (not to be too prolix and circumstantial) 
this sentiment of Troilus, p. 361, that a man ought 
not to be merciful in war, but take the victory when 
he can get it. 

You are yery kind, dear Sir, in desiring to share 
the fruits of my reading Aristophanes; which you 
will giye me leave to transmit to you when it least 
interferes with the business of Shakespeare: as, for 
the present, I must beg leave, without farther cere- 
mony, to subscribe myself, dearest Sir, 

Your most affectionate and obliged humble ser- 
yant, Lew. THEeoBap, 


LETTER LXYVII, 


To the Rev. Mr. Warzurton. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, Sept. 26, 1730. 
have received the great pleasure of yours, marked 
B; though I am to regret the notice given in your 
Postscript, that 1am not to expect above two. or 
three letters more, as the fruits, of your new view, 
You will give me leave, as concisely as may be,, to 
run over the contents of yours; and, first, as to 

those particulars which seem to me incontestable. 
; Your illustration of Bip the Basg, from Milton, 
puts that phrase out of all dispute. 
F As 


_“PHEOBALD AND WARBURTON: 613. 


As You Like It, p..315. agree with you, that 
splitting the speech betwixt Rosalind’ and Clown 
gives it a particular cast of humour. 

Ibid. p. 336. I have not Selden’s Table Talk by 
me, to transcribe the story you mention; but will 
take cafe to get it in time: 

Ibid. p. 339: 

Because thou art not SHEEN, — 

And p. 357: 

— exult, and RalL at once,;—= 

Both incomparable emendations: 

Cymbeline, p. 35: 
learn, being TORT, forbearance. 

The reading, before, was certainly absurd ; and 
this, though a quaint word, mends the reasoning. ., 

Ibid. SELF-FINGERED knot. 

There is nothing obscure to me in: your argument 
to support this reading. I had amended it so with 
you long ago; and, unless my memory deceives me, 
I proposed it to you, with this passage from Troilus; 
p- 358, subjoined, for confirmation: 

The bonds of heav’n are slipt, dissolv’d,. and loos’ ds 
And with another knot FivE-riINGER-tied, &c. 

Iam now to speak to those other conjectures; 
which are not yet so thoroughly convincing to me. 

As You Like It, p. 373: 

I will deal with thee in poison, &c. 

Here, you say, you fancy the Author had a mind 
to touch’ upon Sir Thomas Overbury’s' affair. 
With submission, I am apt to think not. » Sir Tho- 
mas, you may please to remember, was not poisoned 
till) 1615. Shakespeare died in April 1616 ;, and 
had. quitted the stage, and‘retired to a country life 
some time before. his: decease ;. so that, if there is 
the hint which you imagine in these words, we must 
account for it from a subsequent interpolation of the 
Players, who did not publish’ this Comedy till the 
year 1623. ‘ . 


As 


614) ILLYSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


_ As You Like It, p. 381: ‘ 

’ When earthly things, made even, , 

ATONE together. 

_ You propose aFFine; and think the other reading 
is nonsense. But I am afraid our Shakespeare did. 
not think so; neither do I imagine that he had any, 
view to that Scripture text, of there being joy in 
heaven upon a sinner’s repentance: he seems to me 
to mean, that Heaven is pleased when parties on 
earth agree, and are reconciled; for in these senses 
he has elsewhere used the word aToNE. 


Coriolanus, p. 258: 
He and Aufidius can no more ATONE, 
Than violentest contrariety. 


For thus both the old folios read; though Mr., 
Pope has foolishly substituted, BE onE. 


And so again, Antony and Cleopatra, p. 27: 
—— to forget them quite, 
Were to remember, that the present need 
Speaks to ATONE you. 
7, @. to reconcile you, one to the other. 


. Cymbeline, p. 88: 
Well, I will find him. 
For, being now a favourer to the Briton, 
No morea Briton, Z’ve resum’d again 
The part I came in. 
You say, read Roman. I am apt to think, if 
we consider circumstances strictly, there will be no 
occasion to disturb the text. The words which are 
in italicks are remarkable to confirm the present 
reading ..... Posthumus, who thought his wife was 
dead, and was now resolved not to survive her, 
in his fit of despair, comments thus with himself: 
Well, I will find Death ; for, being now a favourer 
of the British party in Aeart, though in garb I am 
no longer a Briton, I have resumed the party and 
equipage I came in; and, as such, I shall be takett 
prisoner, and killed by the victors. ; 


And 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON: 615 


And immediately after, p. 89; we see he is taken 
prisoner as a Roman, and delivered over by the Bri- 
tish King to a gaoler: so that Posthumus here had 
thrown off his peasant’s disguise, and again resumed 
the appearance of an Italian. i 

Perhaps, we ought to read, 

I’ve resum’d again 
The port I came in. ; 
i.e, the quality, and genteel mien. Sed nihil assero. 


Now a word more to Troilus. 
I can easily acquiesce to reading, 

Not Neoptolemus’ sire so mirable, &c. 
But still, dear Sir, it cannot be without convict- 
ing our Poet of an enormous prolepsis aud absurdity; 
for it is supposing that Hector should so far pre- 
cisely foreknow the event of the war, as that Achil- 
les Shoot! be slain; that applications should be made 
to Pyrrhus to succeed his dead father in the siege ; 
and, more than this, that he should be called Ne- 
optolemus on account of his commencing so early a 
warrior. There is no means of avoiding this charge 
of inconsistence, but by supposing Shakespeare was 
misled by: Wynkin de Worde’s Romance, to make 
Neoptolemus a distinct warrior. I know, the ‘Tra- 
gic Poets of all ages have indulged themselves in 
such prolepses ; but I remember, your Author, Vel- 
leius Paterculus, and for a very good reason, thinks it 
unpardonable in them : 

Nihil enim ex persond Poet, sed omnia sub 

eorum, qui illo tempore yixerunt, dixerunt. 
Lib. i. cap. 3 


Coriolanus, p. 221: 
; And Censorinus, darling. of the people, 
(And nobly nam’d so For being twice Censor) 
Was his great ancestor. 
Neither of the old folios acknowledges the monosyl- 
lable For; and the insertion of it introduces a false- 
hood in fact, for Censorinus was not called so on ac- 
count of his being twice Censor, but because he then 
: : procured 


616 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


‘procured an acceptable law to: that nobody for 
the future stations that office twice. 

I would read, 

' And nobly NAMED so, twice being Censor ; — 
i.e. the second time that he bore that dignity. 


Coriolanus, p. 264: 

A pair of Tribunes that have Rack’p for Rome, 
To make coals cheap, 
This passage, I think, we never disturbed; though 
I am clear it is hardly right. 

Should we not read, 
—— RECK’D for Rome, 
‘%. e, taken particular care for Rome? 


At nunc tandém manum de tabuld. 


I am, dearest Sir, your most affectionate and 
obliged humble servant, Lew. THEosaLp. 


LETTER LXVIII, 


To the Rev. Mr. Warpurton. 


Dear Sir, Dec. ....1730: 

Though I have spared you so long by my late si- 
lence, I cannot omit tendering you the compli- 
ments of the season, with wishes of more happy 
new years than, I am sure, your own philosophic 
temper will suffer you to wish yourself. 

But, though I talk of having spared you, I should, 
aaa however, have been troublesome; had I 
not, like Sir Francis Wronghead, been pretty much 
taken up in a solicitation, which I am now almost 
ashamed to mention: but, vetus verbum hoc quidém 
est, communia esse amicorum inter se omnia; and 
so out the mystery must come. 

You remember well, that Mr. Cotesworth was 
the gentleman whogave Mr, Eusden his Lincolnshire 

Rectory ; 


“THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 617 


Rectory; and, as consequently, he was the person 
who had the earliest notice of Eusden’s death *, the 
account no sooner reached us, but the women spur- 
red me up to put in for the withered laurel. Ac- 
cordingly, I with Lord Gage attended Sir Robert 
Walpole ; was commanded by him to attend at 
Windsor; had his warmest recommendations to the 
Lord Chamberlain}; nay, procured those recom- 
mendations to be seconded even by his Royal High- 
ness: and yet, after standing fair for the post at 
least three weeks, had the mortification to be sup- 
planted by Keybert. But, as the vacancy has been 
so supplied, I think, I may fairly conclude, with Mr. 
Addison's Cato, 
The post of honour is a private station. 

T have since waited on Sir Robert, to thank him 
for the trouble I gave hiim in that solicitation; and 
have the privilege to keep in his eye, with assurances 
of service. But, now I have frankly unburthened 
myself to you, as freely give me your friendly advice. 

Shall I pursue this dream of expectation, and 
throw away a few hours in levée-haunting? Or will 
it be more wise to wake myself at once from a fruit- 
less delusion, and look on promises but as Courtiers’ 
oratory? You will do me the justice to believe, my 
first quest was not on the motive of vanity, but to 
assist my fortune. ‘The same reason still remains, 
and I would fain sit down to my little studies with 
an easy competency. But I should be sorry to dance 
a.vain dependence, and be rolling the stone of Sisy- 
phus too long. I shall wholly determine myself on 
your decision; and till then suspend the subject, 

-. Dear Shakespeare ought always to have a placein 
my correspondence with you; and I will now trou- 
ble. you. with two: passages, that have all along 
escaped our notice, and perhaps our suspicion, + 
‘ * The Rev. Mr. Eusden died at his Rect of Coni , in 
Lincolnshire, Sept. 27,1730. ¥ ant 


«cb Charles, duke of Grafton then. enjoyed. that.office, 
yt, Colley Cibber was the successful candidate, 
Hamlet, 


oe 


618 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
Hamlet, p. 262: 


. And my imaginations are as foul 
As Vuican’s sTITHY. . 

i.e. his anvil. But is an anvil the very foulest 
thing in a smith’s shop? 

I suspect we should read, 

_» As Vulean’s smirny. lt 
i, e. the forge, that foul puddle in which the un- 
purged metal is dipped and quenched: which has 
more consonance toa troubled imagination, than the 
external soil and grime of an anvil. 


Our Poet has a thought much of the same cast, 
you may remember, in Troilus, p. 329: ' 

My mind is troubled like a fountain stirr’d, 
And I myself see not the bottom of tt. 

And, if my suspicion be right, it will help to cure 
another passage in Troilus, which passage seems 
mainly to assist my correction, p. 348: 

But by the forge that sTiTHIED Mars’s helm, — 

It is plain the forge does not help to anvil the 
metal, but only prepares it for.the smithery, or art- 
ist’s mechanism: and therefore here too 1 make no 
doubt we should read smrruiep, 


LETTER: LXIX. 


To Martin Forxes, Esq. 


Sir, Wyan's Court, Nov. 17, 1731. 

The happiness I received in the late occasional 
interview with you’ would not yield me that oppor- 
tunity which I wished, without breaking into com- 
pany, of informing yous that I have now actually 
signed articles with Mr, Tonson : and am preparing 
with all expedition to: put out as correct an Edition 
of Shakespeare as it is in my power; so that I soon 
hope to convince the Publick, as well as my Friends, 
that the insinuations of my Adversaries have been 


very 


MR. THEOBALD TO MARTIN FOLKES, ESQ. 61g. 


very unjustly leveled against me. And, now I have 
carried this material point, I beg leave to assure you, 
Sir, that no pains, or any thing within my ability, 
shall be wanting on my side, to answer either the ends 
of my own reputation, or the expectations of those 
who have done me the honour of their encourage- 
ment. But I beg pardon for expatiating now on 

‘this subject. You were pleased, Sir, to give me 
leave to hope, that I may beg some information from: 
ieee Cabinet, in respect to certain of our old Eng- 
ish Coins, in which Iam but very poorly versed, 
as there are a few passages in Shakespeare which I 
would willingly clear up by an instruction of this 
sort. I will beg leave to trouble you with two or 
three instances from King John; which I think de- 
mand some explanation. 


Act I. Scene 2. Because he hath a half face like my father, 
‘With that half face would he have al] my land ? 
A half-fac'd groat five hundred pounds a year ! 
. Stow, in his Survey of London, p. 47, tells us, that King 
Henry the Seventh, in the year 1504, appointect a new Coin, viz, 
@ groat and half-groat, which bear but half-faces. 

Your extensive Collection, Sir, I doubt not, will set me in a 
much clearer light towards describing this Coin. 1 suppose our 
Poet ‘alludes to it, notwithstanding the historical anachronism. 

There is another passage in this Scene, Sir, much more ob- 
scure, and which will require some explication. 

Bast. My face so thin, 

That in my ear I durst not stick a rose, 
Lest men should say, look where three farthings goes. 

Camden, in his ‘ Remains,’ in the chapter of Money, tells us, 
that Queen Elizabeth first coined the pieces of three-pence, three- 
half-pence, and three-farthings, with this motto, ROSA SINE SPINA. 
This learned Antiquary, 1 am afraid, has not distinguished so 
aceurately here as | could wish. J apprehend he means, that 
this Queen first coined these small pieces with such a motto; for 
I find by Holinshed, in his History of that Reign, p. 1194, that 
she, in her third year, viz. 1560, upon calling-in the base cop- 
per coins, only restored these little silvercoins. And in his other 
volume, where he gives a description of England, p. 218, he 
tells us, that King Edward the First, in the 8th year of his reign, 
first coined the penny, and smallest pieces of silver roundwise, 
which before were square, and wont to bear a double cross with 
a crest,’ in such sort that the penny might easily be broken either 


into halves or quarters, - 


Now 


620 ILLUSTRATIONS ‘OF LITERATURE. 


. Now I conceive, Sir, as Shakespeare so often puns, uport 
crosse$ (is ¢. afflictions), and the coin. so called; it will’ not. be 
unacceptable that I should give a short description of this money, 
and likewise of the three-farthiogs with the large rose. And T 

, from a passage in Beaumont and Fletcher, the three~ 

hings and the penny had a difference in the stamp. tt 

._ Scornful Lady, p. 272, of Rowe's edition: ‘ He hada bastard, 
his own toward issue, whipt, and then cropt, for washing out 
the roses in three-farthings to make them pence.’ " 

As these inquiries, Sir, are made for the publick, 
I flatter myself you will pardon the impertinence of 
a trouble I have no right to demand. — [ would not 
presume to wait on you about them, till I know when 
my visit may be least unseasonable. 

As I have been hitherto upon King John, I beg 
leave to add, that I have made a discovery to ex- 
plain this passage, Act I. Sc, 4: “ Knight, knight, 

od mother ; Basilisco like, why an dubbed ?” 
the humour and satire of which, if perchance you 
have not found out, I am persuaded it will entertain, 
you ; and { dare warrant it has not been understood 
these hundred years. , 

Iremember, Sir, you gave me a fine emendation 
upon Midsummer ight’s Dream ; and, as it will 
be my ambition to be just to all my friends for their 
assistance, I hope I shall be indulged in the privilege 
of acknowledging my obligation, 

Believe me proud, Sir, of any opportunity, with 
the truest respect, of confessing myself, your most 
obedient and obliged humble servant, 

Lew. THEOBALD. 


LETTER LxXxX. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warburton. 


Dear Str, Wyan's Court, Nov. 18, 1731. 

' T received safe by the waggon “ Shakespeare Re- 
stored,” with your MS packet inclosed, for which 
lam much indebtéd. As to the book, Ivall along 
intended 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 621 


intended it to beg your acceptance; but, indeed, now 
it will be of less'worth than ever, if God spare me 
life a few months to finish the Edition of our Poet's 
Works. I have likewisesincereceived yours (marked 
II.) a reply to the contents’ of. which shall engage a 
part of this. (I beg to premise, by the bye, that the 
confession I made in my last of my own difficulties 
had not the least glance, or aim, of trespassing on 
your friendship.) J agree with you perfectly as to 
such conjectures that bear the face of probability, 
and yet upon which I must not venture to tamper 
with the text, that they should however be submit- 
ted to judgment in a note, I mean to follow the 
form of Bentley's Amsterdam Horace, in subjoining 
the notes to the place controverted. As to the ¢hree. 
printed criticisms with which you obliged me and 
the, publick, it is a very reasonable caution that 
what js gleaned from them should come out anony- 
mous ; for I should be loth to have a valued friend 
subjected, on my account, to the outrages of Pope, 
virulent though impotent. I am extremely obliged 
for the tender concern you have for my reputation in 
what I am ¢o prefix to my Edition: and this part, 
as it will come last in play, I shall certainly be so 
kind-to myself to communicate in due time to your 
perusal. The whole affair of Prolegomena 1 have 
determined to soften into Preface. I am so very 
cool as to my sentiments of my Adyersary’s usage, 
that I-think the publick should not be too largely 
troubled with them. Blockheadry is the chief 
hinge of \his satire upon me; and if my Edition do 
not wipe out that,.I ought to be content to let the 
charge be fixed: if itdo, the reputation gained will 
bea greater triumph than resentment.—But, dear 
Sir, willyou, at your leisure hours, think over for 
mé-upon the contents, topics, orders, &c. of this 
pecan ri my labour? You have a comprehensive 
memory,-and.a happiness of digesting the matter 
joined to it, which my head is often too much em- 

barassed 


622 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


barrassed to perform; let that be the excuse for my 
inability. But how unreasonable is it to expect 
this labour, when it is the only part in which I shall 
not be able to be just to my friends: for, to confess 
assistance in a Preface will, I am afraid, make me 
appear too naked. Rymer’s extravagant rancour 
against our Author, under the umbrage of criticism, 
pie I presume, find a place here. 

hat you mention of your own negligence in ex- 
pression during this correspondence, literally writ- 
ten currente calamo ; wherever casually there be 
any such, if you dare trust me with the re-model- 
ing; be assured, in this office, your reputation shall 
be as sacred to me as my own. 

And now, dear Sir, I think I have gone through 
the paragraphs in yours ; and will fill the rest of m 
paper with loose inquiries as they occur, and wit 
submitting a few occasional passages to you, which 
may have been in part already canvassed before. 

Coriolanus, p. 221: 

Of the same house Publius and Quintus were 
That our best water brought by conduits hither, 

I ama little at a loss for the date of these two de- 
scendants of Coriolanus. Julius Frontinus (in his 
Treatise. de Aqueduct. Rom.) says, that anno 608 
U. C. when Servius Sulpicius Galba and. L, Au- 
relius Cotta were Consuls, Marcus Titius,. then 
Pretor, was empowered to repair certain of the 
aqueducts, and for the better supply of the city, to 
introduce a new water, which from him was called 
the Martian. And I find at the bottom of the 
that Marcus Titius, in some copies, is calles a. 
Martius Rex. Is this the Quintus mentioned 
by our Poet from Plutarch? If so, I find no men- 
tion of his colleague Publius in Frontinus: nor do I 
know by whose avthority Plutarch may be seconded. 

Macbeth, p. 248: 

——_——-—_——— and ’tis spoken 
To, the succeeding royalty he leaves 
The healing benediction. 


T presume 


THEOBALD AND. WARBURTON, 623 


I presume this, as well as the passage, p. 239, of 
twofold balls, and treble sceptres, was thrown, in as 
a compliment to King James: Queen Elizabeth, I 
think, did not touch for the Evil. The Union, I 
know, was brought about early in his reign ; but 
at what period he displayed this superstitious gift, 

“Iam to learn. It may goa little way toward set- 
tling the date of Macbeth’s first appearance on the 
stage. 

Antony, p. 88: 

Dido and her neas shall want troops. 

You bid me read Sichzus, and refer me to the 
authority in print. I happened to be out of town 
when that particular Journal was published, and 
could never get it. If you have it by you, I should 
be mightily obliged for a transcript. In the mean 
time, permit me to start a question or two. I dare 
say, our Poet had his eye upon Virgil, with whom 
Dido sullenly flies from A®neas, and goes into the 
grove, and joins her Sicheus. But I am a little in 
doubt, whether Shakespeare here would not rather 
make Antony make mention of his ancestor Aneas, 
than of Sichzus, not so well known to his audience. 

This doubt, at present, is a little strengthened 
by a passage in Fletcher's Two Noble Kinsmen, p. 
3674, in the writing which Play Shakespeare assist- 
ed ; and indeed his workmanship is very discoverable 
in a number of places. 

‘For in the next world will Divo see Palamon, 
and then will she be out of love with 7neas.” 

All’s Well that Ends Well, p. 101: 

Complain’d against the Queen of Virgins 

that would saffer her poor knight to be surpriz’d. 

You think, there is a corruption in this term, and 
propose spricut ; for that Diana being called the 
Queen of Virgins supposes her charge to be confined 
to the female sex, and that knights do not come under 
her protection. Your reasoning on this is very just ; 
and yet, my dear Friend, I am very well persuaded 
the 


624 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the text must stand, but that Helena is. agin 
edly called Diana's knight. 
us in Much Ado About Nothing, p. 135: 
Pardon, goddess of the night, 
Those that slew thy virgin KNIGHT. 

And Two Noble Kinsmen, p. 3680, where Emily 
addresses her prayer to Diana: 

O sacred, shadowy, cold, and constant queen, 
* * * * * * * * 
* * * who to thy female KNIGHTS 
Allow’st no more blood than will make a blush, 
Which is their Order’s robe. 

Much Ado About Nothing, p. 114: 
Chid I for that at frugal Nature’s frame. 

You very ingeniously suppose we ought to read 
here, fraine: but may not frame stand vain ie 
here, for framing, the ordering, disposing of Na- 
ture? I think, in the very next page, line the ba 
our Poet uses this word thus: 

Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies. 
a. e. in framing, concerting, inventing, &c. 

Now a little for confirmation of a few conjectures: 

Timon, p. 169: 

Some beast read this: here doth not live a man. 

You finely restore, rear'd. Will not this OOH 
tion come properly in support ? 

Cupid's Revenge, p. 3600: 

——_— Comfort was never here, 
Here is no food, nor beds, nor any house 
Bult by a better archtitet than BEASTS. 

Much Ado About Nothing p-96: 

If low, an agat, very vilely cut. 

To your description of aglet, which you very hap- 

Pily substitute, I intend to “subjoin these quotations: 

arrington’s Ariosto, lib. v. st. 47: 

The gown I ware was white, and richly set 

With aglets, pearl, and lace of gold well garnish'd. 

And, Two Noble Kinsmen, p. 3649 : 

i'm very cold, and all the stars are out too, 
The little stars and all, that look like aglets. 

Thus 


.. THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 625 


Much Ado About Nothing, p,7o: | 
Let him be clapped on the shoulder, and call’d 
Adam. 

In confirmation of Adam Bell the renowned 
Archer (of whom I gave you some tidings from ho- 
nest John Day) Sir William Davenant, in his Poem 
called the Long Vacation, may very aptly be recited : 

Do each with solemn oath agree 
To meet in fields of Finsbury : 
With loynes in canvas bowcase ty’d 
Where arrows stick with mickle pride, 
With hats pinn’d up, and bow in hand, 
All day most fiercely there they stand, 
Like ghosts of 4dam Bell and Clymme, 
Sol sets, for fear they ’/l shoot at him. 
Antony and Cleopatra, Act III. Scene 10: 
As is the morn dew on the myrtle leaf, 
To HIS great sea, 

I proposed rats; i. e, the sea that might skirt one 
side of Cesar’s camp: but his great sea 1 now 
believe to be the true reading; i. e. that great flood 
and confluence of allies and dependants that followed 
Antony. 

The same image and expression is used in the 
Two Noble Kinsmen, p. 3649: 

———_——___—_—_—— Though I know, 
His ocean needs not my poor drops, yet they 
Must yield their tribute here. 
King John, p.9: 
—— Lest men should say, 
“ Look where three farthings goes.” 

By some pains with the Antiquaries in Coins *, I 
can now fully clear up this obscurity. Queen Eli- 
zabeth at one time coined shillings, sixpences, groats, 
three-pences, two-pences, three-half-pences, pence, 
three-farthings, and half-pence; all which pieces 
bore her head, and were alternately stamped, with 
the rose behind, and without the rose. ‘The shil- 
lings, groats, two-pennys, pence, and half-pence, 

* See the Letter to Mr. Folkes, p. 618, 
_ VOL. II. 2's wanted 


626 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


wanted it; the others had it. Now, as the lesser 
pieces were hardly to be distinguished from that im- 
mediately preceding it in yalue but by this mark; 
it will explain both our passage, and that which I 
quoted to you from Beaumont and Fletcher, shewing 
that it was doubtless a common practice to deface 
the rose of the three-farthings to. make it pass for a 
nny. 

You will forgive me, my dear friend, that I can- 
not always answer with that expedition and zeal 
which I face of confessing myself, your ever obliged 
and affectionate humble servant, Lew. THrosatp. 


LETTER LXXI. 


To the Rev. Mr. Warsurton,. 


Dear Sir, Wyan's Court, 1731. - 

If this reaches you without a burglary committed 
upon the seal, you will much wonder to find a doit 
inclosed, till I tell you that it is done by way of trial; 
for, though I have received yours (No. VII. of the 
2ed instant), yet, by some rascality of the post, 
it came to me with the whole seal cut off, and 
the half-guinea inclosed consequently taken away. 
Whether you had spread your wafer too wide, or 
overcharged your seal with wax, to give these saga- 
cious mongrels a suspicion of prey, I do not know. 
All I can say upon the matter is, that there are no 
stars for the unfortunate. I own, though I should 
not hope a retaliation from the rogues, it would 
please me to trace and expose the fraud. 

I intend very soon to trouble you with a prosecu- 
tion of the Preface. To guess yet at the likely time 
of publication, is impossible; till our Printers give us 
experience what dispatch they can make on their part. 

It is a very great pleasure to me that the soliloquies 
in my last meet your approbation *. Your cen- 

* This refers to a Letter not preserved. ‘The lines in p. 604 
are from his “ Orestes,” which was performed in 1730, 
sure 


_THEOBALD AND WARBURTON.. 627. 


sure on the'similitude of the Sabine Rape is certainly 
very just; and Iam much obliged to you for the 
observation. The image was much too foreign ; 
and I have therefore given it this turn, to make it 
more conformable to the circumstance of the action: 
The screams of women, ever and anon, | 
Ring through my ears; shrill as the cries they send, 
When the stern marth’rer takes’em unprepar’d. — 

I shall submit this piece to its trial towards the 
close of next season, if no unforeseen accident pre- 
vent its appearance *. But now to the explanation 
and correction contained in your last. 

Love's Labour Lost, Act IV. Sc.3, p. 271: 

For when would you, my liege, &c. 

You call. these obscure lines, and imagine they 
contain. an allusion I cannot possibly discover in 
them. On the strength of this supposition, you 
have given me a very ingenious note; which I wish 
could properly find a place, for the reason on 
which you desire it. But, indeed, I cannot think 
the lines are:in any degree obscure; and I can but 
Wonder, as yet how my dear Friend is become so 
metaphysical to fancy fiery numbers have any rela- 
tion to the stars. I am either more dull than usual; 
or I am persuaded, upon looking back to the pa 
sage, you will expound it thus with me. Biron had 
found out that the King, and two other of the vo- 
taries, were dipped in a love affair; and had oyer- 
heard them repeating sonnets in praise of their mis- 
tresses. Biron is at.last discovered to be under the 
same dilemma; and then the King and his partner 
-urge him to peers their love lawful, notwithstanding 
their vow... Biron undertakes the cause, and founds 
his arguments on the consequences and advantages 
derived from a conversation with the fair sex, be- 
yond those accruing from recluse study and learn- 
ing. Among others, says he, “ When would leaden 
contemplation, and dry study, have furnished out 

* After) <* Orestes," no.other Tragedy of Mr, ‘Theobald , was 

» performed till,the appearance of “The Fatal Seeret” in 1735. 
i “282 such 


628 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


such fiery numbers (i. e. such verses of fire and spi- 
rit) as the sight of your fair mistress’s eyes have 
hres you with 2” : 

his, dear Sir, at present, I take to be the whole 
meaning of our Poet, and the whole obscurity of 
the passage vanishes at once. 

And now, Sir, a word to your emendation upon 
another passage in the same Play, Act V. Se. 2: 

P. 278. A huge Translation of Hypocrisie, 

Vilely compil’d, profound simplicity. 

You propose Apocrypha. But, I imagine, you 
did not observe that for four couplets backward, and 
thence to the close of the Scene by the entrance of 
Boyet, all the lines are strictly in rhyme, which 
your emendation would interrupt. A Translation of 
Hypocrisy, 1 agree with you, is a very poor phrase, 
and nearly approaching, at least, upon nonsense. 
This, however, I take to be the sense of the pas- 
sage: “ Dumaine,” says Katherine, “ has sent me 
some thousands of verses as from a faithful lover ;” 
that is, he has translated a huge quantity of hypo- 
crisy into verse ; but the verse so vilely composed, 
that it is at best but profound simplicity.” 

To confirm your emendation on Antony, p. 5, @ 
strumpet’s stool, you propose adding this authority 
from Troilus, Act IT. Se.1, Thou stool fora witch.” 

I think I have met with a much stronger from 
Macbeth, p. 230: 


but now they rise again, 
With twenty mortal murders on their crowns, 
And push us from our stools. 


Inclosed I submit to your consideration some 
Queries and Conjectures on Cymbeline, not con- 
tained in yours *. 


* Mr. Porsg’s Second Edition, 1728, 

Fy, reek as a sacrifice — 

P..12. —— as offer'd mercy is— 

I have no perfect idea what these passages mean. 

P. 13. Make me with his eye or ear. 

How could Posthumus with his ear make himself distinguished 
by Pisanio >” Should it not be, with my eye or'ear ? 


P. ai. 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON,> 629 


I cannot conclude without begging my respects 
and thanks to Mr. Taylor * ; and acs Fn you both 
a number of happy new years. 


P. 21. To any shape of thy preferment, such 
’ As thou "Il desire —— 

Should not this be, deserve? Note, desert and merit in the 
context of this very sentence. 

P. 22. But most miserable _ 

: Is the desire that 's glorious, 

Here I am as blind,as a mole. I cannot tell how it connects 
with the rest. 

P. 23. None a stranger there, — 

You have slipped the ridiculousness of this full stop. 

Read, none a stranger there 

So merry, &c. 
i. e. of all the travellers upon the spot the merriest. 

P. 29. And you crow cock with your comb on. 

What is the conceit here; with your cock’s comb? Or does 
he mean, you are a mere dunghill; your comb is not cut, and 
trimmed for the fight, as I think game-cocks are served. 

P. 33. —— unpav'd Eunuch. 

Does he mean, unstoned (sine testiculis), from the metaphor 
of paving with stones ? 

P. 35. 1, ult. —— in self-figur'd knot. 

This may be right ; but should not you like better, “ self-fin- 
ger'd knot.” 

So Troilus, p, 358: 

And with another knot five-finger-tied. 

P. 42. a-churning on. 

This is ex Cathedrd Popiand. Do you like it? ‘The old Edi- 
tions have it, ‘a German one.” And this, in my opinion, 
makes a cjimax. Are any boars better fed, or more likely to be 
rank, than those of Westphalia ? 

P. 44. With oaks unscaleable. 

Certainly this should be rocks. I think the whole speech war- 
rants it.— Poor ignorant baubles!—Pray, have you observed, 
our Poet frequently uses ignorant in the sense of weak, impotent ? 

P. 45. Behoves me keep at variance. 

What does Mr. Pope mean here? Mr. Rowe reads, with the 
old copies, “ at utterance ;” i. e. at the utmost extremities. 

So, in Macbeth, p. 222: 

Come Fate into the list, 
And champion me to th' utterance. 
P. 53. Some jay of Italy 
(Whose mother was her painting) &c. 


* Afterwards Dr. Robert Taylor ; of whom see before, p. Fe 
ure 


630 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Iam, my dearest Friend, your truly affectionate 
and obliged humble servant, — Lew. THEoBaxp. 


Sure I am dull beyond the knowledge of myself; or how could 
this escape you? Or, do you understand it ?— Mr. Rowe's Edi- 
tion (I hope not by chance) reads, as I think right, 

Whose Wother was her painting. 

Wother, in Saxon, signifies beauty, merit, ornament. —So Imo~ 
gen means, I conceive, that all the harlot’s beauty was her being 
painted, as all the jay’s consists in the gaiety of its feathers. 

P. 54. Dis-edg’d by her. a 

Is this a term in Hawking? Does it signify, have the edge of 
thy stomach taken off? 

P. 64. ‘mongst friends ? 

If brothers, would it had been so, — " 

The pointing here, I think, is entirely mistaken. I read it, 

5 — 'mongst friends, 
If brothers ; —— 

This is warranted from what she says, p. 107; 

You call’d me brother when | was but your sister : 
I, you brothers, when ye were so indeed, 

Ibid. Then had my prize been less, 

Should not this be price, or rather poize, as better answering to 
ballasting, or balancing ? 

P. 66. It strikes me past the hope of comfort, 

Does not the sense require, holpe, or help? ; 

P. 68. I dare speak it to myself, for it is vain-glory, &e. 

Is itso? Ido not think that was Cloten's opinion, 

I would restore, . ° 
for it is not vain-glory, &c. 

Ibid. Imperseverant thing. 

Is the im here, as the grammarians call it, epitattic ; other- 
wise, I think, it does not answer the Poet's meaning. ‘ 

P, 74. Though his honour was nothing but mutation. 

1 do not understand this, according to the present reading. 
Should it not be, ‘‘ Though his humour, &c.” 

P. 81. Who was he that, otherwise than noble Nature did, 

Hath alter’d that good picture ? 

I can understand this; yet did, in my opinion, is little more 
than a dragging expletive. Ought it not to be, 
noble Nature bid, &ec. 
the laws of Nature being against murder. 

P. 87. But to look back in front, 

‘This odd reading is from our modern Editors. I know indeed 
Shakespeare somewhere talks of dragging headlong by the heels, 
which must be owned as preposterous. But the old copies read 
here, as it is certain it ought to be restored, 

But to look back in frown; 
i.e, if you do but frown, and threaten to make opposition. 
LETTER 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON, 631 


LETTER LXXII. 


To Mr. Jonn Watrs*, Printer. 


Str, Dec, 16, 1732. 
Understanding that Mr. Theobald is going to 
publish an Edition of Shakespeare, I send you here- 
with a few remarks which I made in reading that 
Author in Mr. Pope's small Edition+-. As 1am very 
well satisfied with Mr. Theobald’s capacity for the 


* Who was then employed on Mr. Theobald’s Shakespeare, 
and of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes, vol. I. pp. 62, 292. 


+ Suakesrrane’s Prays ; Mr. Pope's Second Edition, 1728. 
Vol. 1.— Tempest, p. 57: 
Prosp. ————-———_——_ shall dissolve 
And like this unsubstantial pageant faded 
Leave not a rack behind. —— 
Probably track or trace. ’ t 


Midsummer Night's Dream, p. 79: 

Lys. © ——either it was different in blood — 

Hermia. O cross! too high, to be enthrall'd to love. 

Lys. Or else misgrafied in respect of years — 

Hermia. O spight! too old to be engaged to young. 

From the like opposition in the following lines, I should 
conjecture that it should be read, 

— too high to be enthrall'd to low. 


Two Gentlemen of Verona, Act I. Scene 1, p. 142: 

What is there degraded (as Mr. Pope calls it) to the bottom of 
the page, though bad enough, cannot, I think, be left out with- 
out making the following lines nonsense. 

Merry Wives of Windsor, Act I. Scene 1, p. 216: 

Falst. What say you, Scarlet and John? 

These epithets seem to be used in allusion to Robin Hood's 
two companions Hill Scarlet and Little John. See 2 Henry 1Y. 

Act V. Scene 5, p. 231: 

O that my husband —-— 
Read, O if my husband ——— 
Vol. 11. Comedy of Errors, Act II. Scene 2, p.16; 
Adr.. Ave my discourses dull? barren my wit ? 
If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, 
Unkindness blots it more than marble hard. 

Read blunts, 

ell Love's 


632 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


province he has undertaken, perhaps there may be 
none of these observations new to him, which have 
any justice in them; though I have put none in 
that I remember to have seen of his. Some 


7 Love's Labour Lost. 

P. 269. Biron. No face is fair that is not full as black. 

King. O paradox, black is the badge of hell, 

The hue of dungeons, and the school of night. 

Read, soul. 

P. 274. Hol. Quis thou consonant ? * 
aatean last ot the five vowels, if you repeat them, or the 

h if 1. 

Read, third. I wonder what difference Mr. Pope can find be- 
= the last and the fifth of the five vowels, whoever repeats 

em. 

Votume II. 

P. 20. 1. penult. Keep them fair league and truce with thine 

own bed, 
I live distain'd, thou undishonour'd. 

Read, unstain'd. 

Much Ado About Nothing. 

P. 69. Ben. I cannot be secret as a dumb man.] Read, can. 

P. 104. in the reechy hangings. 

Mr. Pope renders rechy, valuable; but Mr. Theobald has 
shewn, from several quotations, that it must signify sweaty. I 
shall only add, in confirmation of this, that it comes from the 
Saxon word recan, to steam, or exhale. 

As You Like It, Se, 10. 
Rosalind then lacks the love 
Which teacheth thee that thou and I am one. 

Read, - Which teacheth me, &c. 

P. 329. Se. 4. Ross. O Jupiter, how merry are my spirits ? 

The answer plainly shews that the true reading is weary. 

P. 331. Besides his coat, his flocks and bounds of feed, 

Are now on sale, 

Cotte is cotage. 

P. 357. 1. ult. What though you have no beauty.. 

Read, What though you have beauty, 

Taming of the Shrew. 

P. 12. As Stephen Sly and old John Naps of Greece. 

Sly says he is the son of old Sly of Burton Heath, and talks of 
the fat ale-wife of Wincot; with what propriety then can he have 
any acquaintance in Greece? Would not any one believe that 
Shakespeare wrote it, 

Old John Naps o th’ Green, 


P. 322. 


All's 


THEOBALD AND WARBURTON. 633 


of them, I own, are mere conjectures, which may 
perhaps be false, for I have neither leisure nor op- 
portunity to collate the different Editions; howe- 
ver, such as they are, they aré at Mr. Theobald’s 
service. Iam, Sir, your humble servant, L. H. 


All's Well that Ends Well. 
P. 94. Helena. The Court ’s a learning place, and he is one, 
Parolles, What one i’ faith. 
Hell, That I wish well —'tis pity — 
Hell. That wishing well had not a body in it, 
Here are manifestly wanting some words of Parolles, as what? 
or, what's pity ? 
P. 170. King. Sir, for my thoughts you have them ill to friend 
‘Till your deeds gain them fairer: prove your honour 
Than in my thought it lies. 
The pointing should be thus : 
Till your deeds gain them: fairer prove your honour 
Than in my thought it lies. 
Twelfth Night. 
P. 200. Sir Andr. The fool has an excellent breast.] 
Read, breath. 
P. 203. If I do not gull him into a nayword and make him a 
common recreation.] — Perhaps, bye-word. 
Winter's Tale. 
P. 300. Shepherd. What's in 't. 
Clown. You are a mad old man, if the sins of your youth are 
forgiven you, you are well to live. Gold, all gold. 
ere seems to be no reason for calling the Shepherd a mad 
old man in this place ; perhaps it should be are made old man; 
that is, you are provided for. 
King Lear. 
P. 392. O how this mother swells up tow'rd my heart, 
Hysterico Passio, down thy climbing sorrow, 
Thy elements below. 
Read, thou climbing sorrow, &c. 
P. 434, Lear. plate sins with gold, 
And the strong Jance of Justice hurtless breaks 
Arm it in rags, a pigmy’s straw will pierce it. 
Read, plate sin, &e, 
. P. 445. ———— And we'll wear out 
In a wall’d prison packs and sects of great ones. 
Sects seems to convey a different idea, not so proper in this 


place. 


LETTER 


634 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


LETTER LXXIII. 


To Mr. Lewis 'l'uEopatp. 


My pear Frienp, May 17, 1734+ 

I received the favour of yours of the gth instant. 
I rejoice heartily in your good fortunes, and am glad 
to find the Town in a disposition to do you justice *. 
As for the mention of Bellerus Old — the vision of 
the guarded mount—the hold of Namancos and 
Boyona, in the Poem of Lycidas; you are to observe, 
the Author bewails a friend drowned in the Irish 
seas; and in the passage in question a famous story 
im the Fabulous History of Ireland is alluded: to. 
You will find the particular Fable in Sir James 
Ware's “ Antiquities and History of Ireland ;”.and 
in another in folio likewise, published since, of the 
Fabulous History of Trelant It seems Philips is 
about giving an Edition of these Poems. ‘ 

I have transcribed about fifty emendations and 
remarks, which I have at several times sent you, 
omitted in the Edition of Shakespeare ; which, I am 
sure, are better than any of mine published there. 
These I shall convey to you soon, and desire you to 
or them (as omitted by being mislaid) in your 

idition of the “Poems,” which I rope you will soon 
make ready for the press. Four subscriptions due 
to you, of the last payments, are yet unpaid: for. 
The gentlemen who owe them I am going to visit, 
when I shall receive the money. I will send it. 

I desire you to let me know when you are ready 
for the above-mentioned, and I shall take care, to 
transmit them to you. 

You did not give me your opinion of Jortin's t 
performance, nor what he meant by it. I'am, dearest 
Sir, yours most affectionately, W. WarsurToN. 

* This series of Letters, it is to be recollected, was/subsequent 
to the publication of Theobald’s Shakespeare. 

+ Did Theobald ever publish Shakespeare's Poems > f 

¢ Mr. Jortin published in 1734, without his name, an octavo 


yolume of ‘‘ Remarks on Spenser ;” and at the end of it gave also 
some “ Remarks on Milton,” 


wy 


LETTER 


-WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 635 


LETTER LXXIV. 


To Mr, Lewis TuEeopatp. 


Dear Sir, June 2, 1734. 
T have sent you up by this week’s return of New- 
ball’s waggon, which sets up at the Castle Inn in 
Wood-street, the fifty emendations *. 


_* Of these Fifty Emendations the first leaf of the MS. is lost. 
What remains begins thus : 
Vorume I. 
Tar Temrsst. 


P.19. Act I. Ariel’s Song. Full fathom five thy father livés, &e. 
Gildon, who has pretended to criticize our Author, would 
ere this up as an insufferable and senseless piece of trifling. And 
believe this is the general opinion concerning it. But a very 
unjust one, Let us consider the business Ariel is here upon, and 
his manner of executing it. The commission Prospero had en- 
trusted to him, in a whisper, was plainly this; to conduct Fer= 
dinand to the sight of Miranda, and to dispose him to the quick 
sentiments of love, while he, on the other hand, p d his 
daughter for the same impressions. Ariel sets about his busi- 
ness by acquainting Ferdinand, in an extraordinary manner with 
the afflictive news of his father’s death. A very odd apparatus, 
as would seem, for a love fit; and yet, as odd as this appears, I 
am persuaded never any dramatic poet shewed more conduct ty . 
carrying on his plot than Shakespeare has here done. 
Prospero had told us, p. 12: 
I find my zenith doth depend upon 
A most auspicious star, whose influence 
If now I court not, but omit, my fortunes 
Will ever after droop ————-——— 
In consequence of this his prescience, he takes advantage of 
every favourable circumstance that the occasion offers. One of 
. the principal is the marriage of his daughter with young Ferdi- 
anid © But to secure this point it was necessary they should be 
contracted, before the affair came to the knowledge of Alonzo 
the father. For Prospero did not know how this storm and 
shipwreck, caused by him, would work upon Alonzo's temper. ‘It 
might either soften him, or increase his aversion for Prospero, as 
the cause. On the other hand, to bring Ferdinand to, without 
the consent and’allowance of his father, was difficult ; for not to 
speak of his quality, where such engagements are never made 
without the sovereign’s consent, Ferdinand is represented of a 
most ‘pious temper and disposition, which would prevent his 
engaging without the sanction of that authority, Re et 
obi erefore 


636 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


If you have any of mine, in my Letters, worth 


therefore with the utmost address has made Ariel persuade him 
of his father’s death, to remove this remora, which might other- 
wise either have stopped, retarded beyond the time of action, or 
quite spoiled the whole plot. This artful conduct cannot be too 
much admired, 


P. 20, Act I. The fringed curtains of thine eye advance 
And say what thou seest yond’. : 

The daughters of Prospero, as drawn by Dryden, seem rather 
such as have had their education in a court, or play-house, than 
under the severe precepts of a moral philosopher in a desert. 
But the Miranda of Shakespeare is truly what the Poet intended 
her ; and his art in preserving the unity of his character is won- 
derful. We must remember what was said in the foregoing note 
of Prospero’s intention that his daughter should fall in love. at 
sight. And, notwithstanding what the pretty fellows may think 
on this occasion, it was no such easy matter to bring this natu- 
rally about. Those who are acquainted with the nature of man 
know of what force institution and education are to curb, and 
even obliterate, the strongest impressions of Nature. She had been 
bred up under the severe discipline of stoical precept ; and misfor- 
tunes generally change the morality of virtuous men into stoicism, 
Such a one was Prospero ; and we learn from him, his daughter 
fully answered the care he bestowed upon her; so that there 
would be some difficulty for Nature to regain her empire so sud- 
denly as the plot required. ‘Therefore the Poet, with infinite 
address, causes her to be softened by the tender story her father 
told her of his misfortunes ; for pity precedes and facilitates the 
entrance of love into the mind. But this was not enough :—she 
is therefore, to make the way the easier, supposed to be under 
the influence of her father’s charm, which was to dissolve as it 
were the rigid chains of virtue and obedience. This is insinuated 
to the audience where Prospero bids her, before he begins his 
story, 


——_———_——— Lend thy hand 
And pluck this magic garment from me. 

The touch communicated the charm, and its efficacy was to 
Jay her to sleep. This is the reason that Prospero so often ques- 
tions her, as he goes on in his story, whether she was attentive, 
bemg apprehensive the charm might operate too quick, before 
he had ended his relation ; without this key, the frequent repeti- 
tion will appear, in the highest degree, absurd, cold, jejune. 
This is the reason likewise that in conclusion he says, 

Thou art inclined to sleep. "Tis a good dullness, 
And give it way, 1 know thou canst not chuse. 
But this is not the only place in which he has given proof of his 
at art in keeping up this lady's character to truth and nature. 
for again, at the meeting of the lovers, p. 20: 
Ferd, 


WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 637 


adding, you may easily insert them. 


Ferd. My prime request is, O you wonder ! 
If you be made or no? 

Miran. No wonder, Sir, 
But certainly a maid. 

Nothing could be more prettily imagined, to illustrate the 
singularity of this character, than her pleasant mistake. She had 
been bred up in the rough and plain-dealing documents of moral 
philosophy, which teaches the knowledge of one’s self ; and was 
an utter stranger to all that flattery, invented by vicious and de- 
signing men to pervert the sex ; so that it could never enter into 
her imagination that complaisance, and a desire of appearing 
amiable, qualities of humanity she had been instructed, in her 
moral lessons, to cultivate, should ever degenerate into such ex- 
cess, as that any one should be willing to have fellow-creature be- 
lieve that he thought her a goddess or an immortal. And again, 
where she interferes in the quarrel between her lover and her 
father, p. 22: 

'  Mirand. —— O dear father 
Make not too rash a trial of him ; for 
He's gentle, and not fearful. 

This seems to be a very odd way of expressing her lover's good 
qualities. It is certain, the beauty of it is not seen at first view, 
Miranda, till now, had seen no mortal (her father excepted) but 
Caliban. She had frequently beheld him under that kind of dis- 
cipline, which her father here threatens to inflict upon her lover, 

* -} "ll manacle thy neck and feet together ; 
Sea-water shalt thou drink ; thy food shall be 
The fresh-brook muscles, wither d roots, and husks 
Wherein the acorn cradled, 

The perversity of Caliban’s nature, and the cowardliness of it, 
made punishment necessary, and easy to be inflicted. Finding 
Ferdinand therefore threatened with the like treatment, out of 
tenderness both to her father and lover, she cries out, ‘‘ He's 
gentle," not like the savage Caliban, and so deserves not panish- 
merit. This she gathered from his preceding conversation with 
her: ‘ And not fearful,” like that coward, and so is not to be 
easily managed. his she collected from his drawing his sword, 
and standing in a posture of defence, 

P. 64. Act V. call’d forth the mutinous winds, &c, 

‘This description of the power and feats of Magicians appears 
to have been taken from Medea’s speech in Ovid's Metamorph: 
vii, 261: 

Stantia concutio cantu freta; nubila pello; 
Nubilaque indueco: ventos abigoque vocoque: 
Vipereas rumpo verbis & carmine fauces : 
Vivaque saxa, sua convulsaque robora terra, 
Et silvas moveo ; jubeoque tremiscere montes : 
Et mugire solum, manesque exire sepulcris, 


And 


638 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
By one of the Grubs, which I accidentally saw, I 


And the third’ line containing an atchievement! little in use 
amongst modern Enchanters, he has with good judgment omit- 
ted it in his imitation. The strange groundless prepossession, 
that has obtained rarer the generality, of Shakespeare's igno- 
rance of the learned languages, has made it necessary to mark 
some of those which are evidently translated from them *, 
P.74. Act V. 
Steph. O touch me not, I am not Stephano buta cramp. 
T had, all along, as I read this Play, entertained a suspicion 
that Shakespeare took it from some Italian Author. So a ol 


ous a regard to the Unities is observed throughout, where 


action never stands still, or languishes, and the point to which 
the Author tends never out of view : Semper ad eventum festinat. 
For the Italian Comic Writers of the Sixteenth Century were 
im imitation of the Ancients, exact observers of the Unities, and 
in all respects regular. It is certain this is the only instance he 
has given us of this kind of exactness, Not to add that the per- 
sons of the Drama are all Italians. But when I came to this 
! T was perfectly confirmed in my conjecture. It is cer- 
tain, both from the character and expression, a joke is here in- 
tended. But as it stands it is hard to find either the sense or 
wit of the passage. Why was he not to be touched? because he 
had the cramp. But to rub or touch the part in this distemper, 
is not painful, but the cure. Or where is the humour in saying 
he was changed from a name to a distemper. 1 suspect there 
was a quibble in the original that would not endure to be trans- 
lated, which ran thus: 
1 am not Stephano, but Staffilato. 

Staffilato, in Italian, signifying a man well lashed, or flayed. 
And this was the real case of these varlets. 

‘Tooth'd briars, sharp furzes, pricking goss and thorns, 
Which entered their frail skins. 

And the touching a raw part being most painful, he might cry 
out, “ touch me not.’ 

What particular Play our Author took this from, I am not so 
well read in Italian Comedies as to discover. Only I find, in the 
Catalogue, Riccoboni has given us, in his “ Histoire du Theatre 
Ttalien, two Plays; from one of which it-might have been bor- 
rowed. |‘ I] Negromante di l'Ariosto, prosa e verso;" and “ IL 
Negromante Palliato di Gio Angelo Petrucci, prosa.” The title 


_would incline one to believe it might be the latter ; and the mix- 


ture of prose and verse the former. 
Mipsummer Nicnt’s Dream. 
P. 92. Act II. Se. 2. Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain. 
There are not many passages in Shakespeare of which 1 am 
certain he has transcribed from the Antients. But this is one of 


* Dr. Farmer remarks, that Shakespeare has, in this passage, closely 
followed Golding’s Translation of Ovid, which is by no means literal. ae 
t 


‘WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 639 


perceive there will be a Letter of yours in one of the 


the few which will admit of no dispute. This admirable de+ 
scription of the miseries of the country is plainly borrowed from 
Ovid's consequent to the grief of Ceres, for the loss of her 
Daughter; or rather a paraphrase. The original is in these words: 

Nee scit adhuc ubi sit: terras tamen increpat omnes : 

Ingratasque vocat, nec frugum munere dignas, 

Trinacriam ante alias, in qua vestigia damni 

Repperit. Ergo illic sreva vertentia glebas 

Fregit aratra manu: parilique irata colonos, 

Ruricolasque boves leto dedit: arvaque jussit 

Fallere depositum ; vitiataque semina fecit. 

Fertilitas terra Jatum vulgata per orbem 

Cassa jacet: primis segetes moriuntur in herbis, 

Et modo sol nimius, nimius modo corripit imber : 

‘Sideraque, ventique nocent ; avideque volucres 

Semina jacta legunt: lolium, tribulique fatigant 

Triticeas messes, et inexpugnabile gramen. 

: it Met. lib. v. fab. 8. 


Measune ror Measure. 


P. 349, Act IIL. Thy best of rest is sleep, 
; And that thou oft provok’st ; yet grossly fear'st 
Thy death, which is no more. 
Evidently translated from this of Tully: 
*‘ Habes somnum, imaginem mortis, eamque quotidie in- 
duis, & dubitas quin sensus in morte nullus sit, cim.inejus 
simulacro videas esse nullum sensum.” 


in, 
. Thou hast nor youth, nor age, &c. 
So Tully: : a 
* Que vero wtas longa est? aut quid omnino homini 
longum ? nonne modo pueros, modo adolescentes, in cursu 
a tergo insequens, nec opinantes assecuta est senectus.” 
~ Vorume II. 
Love's Lazour Losr. 

P.127, Act. 1V. Se. 2. Enier Holofernes and Nathaniel.] 
There are not many passages in Shakespeare where personal 
satire is employed. Either the simplicity and virtue of those 
times, or the candour and humanity of our Author, has so af- 
fected, that his-satire is for the most part general; and, as he 
‘makes Jaques with infinite humour say, ; 

2 his taxing, like a wild goose, flies 
‘ Unelaim'd of any man, u 

» Not but there might be another cause of more constant influ- 
ence than either of these. Particular personal satire is not only 
the delight of a corrupted heart, but, generally speaking, the 
province of a little narrow genius, who, knowing no more of 
mau's 


640 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


following (I suppose in answer to the last about the 


man’s nature than from a few patterns chance has set before him, 
must needs, while he affects the name of a satirist, become 2 
libeller. While the true genius, who knows human nature as it 
is in the species, as well as it appears in particular individuals, 
by his art and power of abstraction, makes his satire useful, as 
it becomes universal. But even this, which is the only justifia- 
ble kind of ‘satire, the great Shakespeare regarded but as the 
dirty work of the common executioner. To prove this, I shall 
make an observation on his writings, which, being supported 
by fact, will do him more true honour than all the encomiums 
wrote upon his genius; and it is this: that all Shakespeare's 
satire is put into the mouths of fools and knaves. While in Dra- 
matic Writings you see the hero or fine gentleman the pro- 
fessed satirist of the piece, in Shakespeare the drudgery is al- 
ways discharged by the villain or the madman, the sharper or 
the clown. For all this, his satire is ever right and sure, You 
never see him mistake his object. Religion is never abused un- 
der the name of superstition; sobriety called dullness; or love 
of one’s country faction or ambition. ‘Though, as I say, his sa- 
tire is for the most part general, yet the place before us is an 
exception to this rule. By Holofernes, a pedant and schoolmias- 
ter, is designed a particular character of our Author's time, and 
I think 1 have discovered who he is: One John Florio, a 
teacher of the Italian tongue in London, who has given us a 
small Dictionary of that language under the title of “ A World 
of Words.” That he was a proper object of satire appears 
from his excessive vanity and passion. In his Epistle Dedicatory 
he says, his lesser volume “ is of little less value than Stephens 
his Treasure of the Greek Tongue,” the most complete Dictionary 
that ever was compiled. And in his Preface, complimenting 
those who had criticized his Works, he calls them, ‘‘ Those sea- 
dogs, or land-criticks, monsters of men, if not beasts, rather than 
men; whose teeth are canibals, their tongues adders’ forks, 
their lips aspes’ poison, their eyes basilisks, their breath the 
breath of a grave, their words like swords of Turks that strive 
which shall dive deepest into aChristian lying bound before them.” 
Nathaniel then had good reason to desire Holophernes. to abro- 
gate seurrility, Florio's profession, and the use of much Italian 
in his English, is the reason that Holophernes deals so much in 
Italian sentences. 

We find, in Mr. Pope's Catalogue, an edition of Love's: La- 
bour Lost, printed 1598; and said to be presented before her 
Highness this last Christmas, 1597. The next year, 1598, comes 
out John Florio, with his ‘‘ World of Words,” recentibus odiis; 
and, in the above quoted Preface, falls upon Shakespeare for 
his usage of him, in his Play, in these words: ‘‘ There is an- 
other Sort of leering curs, that rather snarl than bite, whereof 1 
could instance in one, who, lighting of a good Sonnet of a Gen- 

‘ Ueman’s 


WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 641, 


Votive Table):.. I wish I could see it, I should be 


tleman’s, a friend of mine, that loved better to be a Poet than 
to be counted so, called the Author a rhymer, notwithstanding 
he had more skill in good Poetry than my sly gentleman seemed 
to havé in good manners or humanity.”, Then he turns his dis- 
course to another of his enemies, called H. S. and having done, 
with him, resumes his sly gentleman again, in these words : 
«« Let Aristophanes and his Comedians make Plaies, and scoure 
their mouths on Socrates ; those very mouths they make to vili- 
fie, shall be the means to amplifie his virtue.” ‘ 

Here Shakespeare is marked out so as not to be mistaken. As 
to the sonnet of the gentleman his friend, we may be assured it 
was his own, and, doubtless, parodied by Shakespeare in the 
sonnet he gives to Holofernes, 

_ The praiseful Princess piere'd and prickt, &e. 

who introduces it in these words ; ‘ I will somewhat affect the 
letter, for it argues facility.” And how much he thought this 
affectation argued facility, or quickness of wit, we see in this 
se re where he falls upon his enemy H.S. “ His name is H.S: 

not take it for the Romane H.S. for he is not of so much 
worth, unless it be as H. S. is twice as much and an half as half 
an AS ;” with a great deal more to the same purpose; and con- 
cludes his prefacé with— Resolute John Florio.” From the fe- 
Trocity of this man’s temper it was that Shakespeare humourously 
éalls him Holophernes. 


As You Lixk It. 
P. 221. Act II. Se. 2. 
Blow, ‘blow thou winter wind; 
Thou art not so unkind 
As man’s ingratitude: 
‘Thy woth is not so keeri 
Because thou art not seen; 
cz Although thy breath be rude. _ . 
This is a song designed to suit the exiled Duke's condition, who 
ad been ruined by ungrateful flatterers. The winter wind, 
though its tooth be keen, is to be preferred to man’s ingratitude ; 
but why ? because it is not seen ; but sure this is an aggravation 
of an injury done, that it was done in secret, unseen. Besides, 
in what doe’ the winter and man’s ingratitude here differ, that 
the preference should be given to that? Doubtless Shakespeare 
wrote the fifth line thus : 
Because thou art not sheen, 
i..e. smiling, shining, like ungrateful man, who flatters while 
he wounds; and this is a very good reason for giving the prefer- 
ence to the winter wind.—For Shakespeare's use of the word 
see the Midsummer Night's Dream, Act III. Sc. 1. 


5) led star-light sheen. 
and several other places. a . . 
You. 11. ar AL's 


642 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
glad to heat what literary news is stirring. © 


Aut" 8 WELL THAT ENDS WELL. 
P. 363. in I. Se, 1. He that hangs himself is a virgin : vir- 
ginity murders itself 
- But why is he that hangs himself virgin ; sutely, not for 
the reason that follows, because virginity. Tmurders itself. For’ 
though every virgin be a suicide, Ph every suicide is not a virgin.’ 
A word is certainly dropped that introduced a comparison in v 
place, ro should be read thus, 
As he that hangs himself, so is a virgin ; 
and then it follows naturally, 
Sgt itself. 
“Pp. 868. Act I. Sc. 1, ——$——$_> of a good wing. : 
The integrity of the metaphor requires a ming, i.e. 
mixture. ‘Fhe m turned turned upside oni Secale tas blunder, 
P. 375. Act I. Sc. 3. I care no more for. 
I can no more highs geet 
P. 448. Act IV. Sc.'5. But his phisnomy is more hotter it 


France. 
' More olin <i humourous joke upon the Freach nation, 
as esteeming a dark complexion. 
Twexrrn Nicur, Act II. Sc. 5. 
P. 492. Lady of the Strachy. 
Satrape, i.e. governor. Probably, this Play is taken from an, 
Italian play, or novel. 
Voiume III. 
Comepy or Errors, Act IV. 
P. 41. Morris pike.] — Maurice pike. 
Kine Jonn, Act IV. ~ 
motion of a murd’rous thought.]—Murd'rer's. 
2 Henry IV. 
P. 449. Act I, The lightness of his wife shines. 
Evidently taken from Plautus Amphyt. Act I. Se. 1. 
Qud ambulas tu, qui volcanum, &c. 
P. 513. Act IV. As flaws congealed.]—Flows, i. e. water flows: 
P. 531. Act. V. A dish of | carraways. 
This fashion of eating confections is explained by De Vigneuf 
Marville’s Melanges d'Histoire et de Litterature. 
Votume V. 
Henry VIII. Act fII. Se. 2, 
P. 67. nips his root. 
Shoot, i.e. that tender shoot on which are the young leaves 
and blossoms. 


P. 228. 


Kose Lear, Act IL. Sc. 3. 
P. 143. Inforce their charity. 
Reer, i.e. slow, backward, unwilling, grudging. 
Tinton 


WARBURTON’ AND THEOBALD: | 643 
Thope Master Theobald i ismow out ofiall danger. 


IBV'192 


Wriuon or ATHENS. Jf 

P. 224. Act I. This comes off well, &c... ) 

‘The Painters say, ‘the goings off of 2, icture, which requires 
the nicest execution in the world. See Fresmoy. ),) ......./ 

Ergo in corporibus, que visa adversa, rotundis,, ; «; 
Integra sint, &c. Wadd 

Ibid. How this grace speaks its own standing. 

Attitude of the figure. Fibyod 

Fresnoy again: Horum dpitar vera ad Normam, Re. 

So Shakespeare, in Hamlet :, A Moo 4 

A station Jike the herald Mercury, ews 
New-lighted on a heav'n-kissing hill. 
Imitated by Milton: | As q 
‘4 ne on he 4 ci of Paras, 
e lig and to his proper s! HPAMENS, 
—Like Maia’ 's son he stood; - 

P. 146. Act IV. Sc. 3. O blessed breeding sun, 

Blessing-breeding sun. Thou that before wert used to breed 
blessings, breed now curses and contagions, 

So, afterwards : 

Thou sun that comfort'st, burn! 

An error exactly of the same kind has crept into the Midsum- 

mer Night's Dream *. ’ 
Maceern, Act IV. 

P. 438, Poison'd entrails. ; ; 

No such.thrown into the cauldron, Read, extremes,.ive. ,ine 
gredients. Confirmed by the stage direction +, They see round 
the cauldron and throw, &c. 

Votume VI. 
7 Conroranus, Act,TI. Se. 2. 
P. 46, And is-content to spend his time to end it. " 
Spend his. time —— 

Read thus, Men. To end it, he,’s;right noble. 

Menenius, impatient to have the honours which were decreed to 
Coriolanus conferred, breaks off the Progress 0 of aaphesitie 8 praise. 

Jurius Cmsar, Act II, 

P. 146. If that the face of men, 

Fate — or of mankind, which would be involved inthe fate of 
that republic ; and this was a principal motive that at engaged 
Brutus in the conspi 

Anrony Ap CLEOPATRA. 

P. 215. Act I. Sc. 2. I love long life better than figs... 

Spoken ominously. The aspicks, by which she died, though 
after her mistress, being brought in a basket of figs... 

P.313. Act IV. Se. 3. Burn the great, sphere thouymov'st in. 

Turn from th’ great, &c. i.e. forsake, sand fly off from it, and 
then the earth would be dark. 


* See Hereafter, p. 653. + This thuchde modern. L. Te 
278 Cyn- 


644 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Iam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate humble 
servant, W. Warszurton. 


, . Cymsetive, Act V. Sc. 5. 

P. 458. A rock.] —A mock, i.e. a Play, a Farce. 

Vorume VII. P. 10. Spirit of sense.] — Spite of sense, 

P. 144. Lawyer's nose. 

Courtier's nose. Smelling out a suit means a court solicitation. 

Romeo anv Jutier. 
P.190. ActIII.Se.5, O, now I would they had chang'd voices too. 
O now I wot they have, &c. 
P. 209. Act V. Se. I. flatt'ring Truth of sleep. 
Ruth, i. e, the compassionate advertisement of sleep. 
Hamver, 

P. 250. Act I. Sc. 4. Deprive your sov'reignty of Reason. 

Deprave. Sovereignty of Reason means governing Reason ; 
as sovereignty of Nature, in Coriolanus, means governing Nature. 

P. 295. Act II. Sc.2, For I'll have asuit of sables.]— Fore, &c. 

P. 309, Act III. Se. 3. Cannot repent.] 

Can but repent; i. e. without restitution. 

P. 313. Act III. Sc. 4. Sense sure you have, else could you not 
have motion. : 

Notion. Motion not dependant on sense. Shakespeare alluded 
to that famous peripatetic principle, Nihil sit in intellectu, quod 

ius non fuerit in sensu. 

P. 335. Act IV. Se. 5. Herb of grace on Sundays. 

os use that was oe eres wor ape br Mle 
were brought out into the church, t riest dispossessed 
them before all the people. | 

P. 336. Ibid. let the great are fall. 

Tax; i.e. penalty, punishment. 

Oruetto. 

P. 376. ActI. Sc. 1. Spied in populous cities.] Spread, &e: 

P. 405. Act II. Se. 1. And in th’ essential vesture of creation. 

Terrestrial, viz. that all created excellence was contained 
within an earthly mortal form. 

P. 453. Act IV. Sc. 1. And they tempt heav'n. 

The devil their virtue tempts not, they, &c. i, e. They don't 
give the devil the trouble of throwing temptations in their way ; 
they seek them out themselves; and tempt heaven by the great- 
ness of their presumption. This is a just character of the ex- 
travagance here condemned, and distinguishes it from others. 

P. 455. Ibid. — shadowing without some instruction. 

Induction. He is just going to fall into a trance; and, like 
people in that condition, feels an unusual horror, with a cold 
shivering, attended with a mist and darkness coming over him. 
This condition, with the utmost sublimity, he compares to an 
eclipse of the sun, at which time the earth becomes shadowed 
by the induction of the moon ; and eclipses of the sun being 
sometimes attended with earthquakes, is the reason he subjeins, 

Itis not words that shake me thus. 


‘WARBURTON AND THEOBALD, 645 


LETTER. LXXV. 


To Mr. Lewis Tueosatp. 


My DEAR FRIEND, June 20, 1734. 
1 have sent you all I could find to cavil at in your 
Edition of Shakespeare. I know it will be a plea- 
sure to you to receive it, and it is no small compli- 
ment to your Edition; for J have been so exact 
in my inquisitorial search after faults, that I dare 
undertake to defend every note throughout the whole 

bulky work, save these thirteen I have objected to. 
Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and 

servant, W. Warsurron. 


Vouume I. 
Mipsummer Nicut's Dream. 


P. 125. Act 1V. Se. 1. And be always away —— 

You say was the giving her attendants an everlasting dismission ? 
no such thing, But was it not natural enough for her in her love- 
fit to think she should be eternally happy with her lover, and 
never more relish fairy-sports. For be always away signifies no 
more than, I shall now take no more pleasure in you. No need 
then of any emendation. Not to mention the strangeness of the 
expression, be all ways away, to mean, take several quarters. 

Measure ror Measure, Act II. Se. 1. 

P. 332, After three pence a bay. 

This is certainly the true reading; but you are mistaken in 
the signification of the word. It does not signify either here 
or elsewhere a bay-window, which is never called simply a bay. 
The original of the word bay-window is this: the French ma- 
sons call that aperture in a house which is left for the door or a 
window a baie. Now, in meaning one of these sort of windows 
called a bay-window, the way originally was to leave only a sim- 
ple aperture in the wall, and the window was made afterwards 
with planks projected out. Other windows were put in as the 
house was building. Therefore, to distinguish these two kinds 
of windows, the first was called a bey-window, or a —— 

made 


646 ILLUSTRATIONS OF -LITERATURE. 


made from a baie, But bay, when used alone, and particularly 
in the text, means quite another thing. It means a division of 
a house. To explain'this to you, I must acquaint you with the 
original manner of building with us in England. It was thus, 
a long building. was made, and then’ divided into rooms with 
partition-walls to three or more divisions. Every one of these 
was called'a bay. And even to this day with us in. Nottingham- 
shire (though houses are now built otherwise), when a new 
house is spoke of as built or to be let, the common question is, 
how many bays has it, or how many bays of building. And all 
outhouses, as barns, stables, are only thus distinguished by bays. 
You will own this sense makes the expression much more appo- 
site. . For who ever let houses by their number of bay-windows, 
especially before the window-tax. era 4 


Vorume Ih 


As You Lixg It. 10 

“P. 188. Act I. Sc. 1. Be better employed, and be naught awhile. 

You have quite mistaken the meaning of these latter words: 
be naught a while, and be naught to you, are proverbial expres- 
sions here in these Northern Counties of the same import, are a 
Kind of curse or imprecation of evil to the person ho to, and 
always used, as here, in reproof, and signify, may evil come 
upon you! ae 
“ P, 228, Act III, Se. 2. Good my complexion: 

This, you say, you cannot reconcile to common sense. Can you 
reconcile, odds my complezion to it? The truth is, good my com- 
ft is a fine proverbial expression, and used by way of apo- 
logy when one is saying any thing for which one ought to 
blush, and signifies, hold good, my complexion; i. e. may 1 not 
be out of countenance ! but in this place Shakespeare has varied 
the application of the expression, and by complexion means tem~ 
per, disposition. The speaker is here impatient for the news 
her companion brings her; and, alluding to that infirmity of 
her sex, is afraid she should break out into intemperate expres~ 
sions ; says, .“ good my complexion,"'»é, e, hold good my tem 
per! let me not fly out. ’ ' 

P. 507. Uhave sent after him; he says he'll come. 

‘There is no occasion for any alteration here; for this being 
in soliloquy (he says he'll come;] is, admit now, or suppose 
now he says he'll come, which amounts to as much as your 
emendation {say he will come.] 


; Votume HL 


Tue Comepy, or Errors, Act II. 
P. 21. We talk with goblins, owls, and elvish sprights. 
You alter owls into ouphs; because you say, owls could not 
suck their breath and pinch them black and blue, But you 
seem, 


SVARBURTON AND. THEOBALD. 647 


seem not to take the superstition to which this reading alludes. 
The thing is this. The screech-owl, the most ominous of birds, 
was believed by our superstitious ancestors to suck out the 
breath, and blood of. infants lying in.their cradles, and to do a 
many other mischievous pranks. This superstition was so gene- 
ral that the Ltalians denominated witches (whe were supposed to 
be as mischievously bent against children) from. this bird, For 
the Hatin nein Of ita yo w, being striz, they called a witch 
strega, ; : 
Vorume IV. 
j 1 Henny VI. 

Act I. Thy promises are like Adonis’ garden. 

Last . Your defence of Bentley against Pierce is founded 
ona mistake of the question. The only pretence Bentley had 
of objecting to Adonis’s garden in Milton was that antiquity 
speaks of no such garden of Adonis as is there represented. Not 
that in fact there was no such ; for Milton in the passage speaks 
of them as fabulous. Now against this what was Pierce to do? 
To prove that Adonis's gardens were famous in-antiquity ; which 
he does by a from Pliny incontestably. As for there 
being such gai in fact, does not concern the question; and 
is indeed in itself an idle one; for perhaps the very owner was 
as visionary as his gardens; and the gardens of Alcinous might 
be as unsubstantial as either. So that the question between 
these two. learned men was not whether Adonis cultivated any 
real garden, but whether antiquity celebrated any other gardens 
ot Adonis than those carried about in pots. 

P. 145. Act II. And fair be all thy hopes. 

~ There is no need of an alteration. For, wishing that all his 
hopes might be fair, plainly means that they be prosper- 
ous, successful. Your own reading shews, that by fair must be 
meant prosperous ; and, if so, then what need of a change, 


Vorvme VI, ° 


Cympetine, Act IV, 


P. 431. Otherwise than noble Nature did. 

- You quarrel with the expression, from a mistake that did, 
here, is the sign of a tense, whereas it is a verb, and signifies 
made. The construction this: who was he that hath altered that 
good picture from what Nature did it or made it? Nature is 
here represented as the architect ; therefore not the supreme na- 
ture meant, but the plastic nature, as it is called by the Philaso- 
hers. Had you observed this, it would have shewn you the 
mistake of your emendation bid. For that supposes the supreme 
nature, which, net being here meant ky the Poet, must needs be 
wrong, ' 
fy VorumE 


648 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


_ Yorume VII. 


Hamer. 
P. 268, Act II. Sc. 2. I cannot tell how you come to say that 
the epithet beatified is peculiarly made an adjunct to the Virgin 
*s honour. It is a word employed by the Church of Rome 


equally to all canonized Saints. For the Protestants employ the 
word Blessed mily to her; the Papists employ it indifferently to 
all their Saints. . 


. P. 309, Act III. Sc. 3. Amore horrid bent. I cannot possibly 
make sense of this when applied to the sword. Hent, you say, the 
two quartos read. So that the true word is plainly hest, com- 
mand. And this very proper to say of the sword in the hand of 
the master. 
r Oruetto, Act II. Se. 1. 

P. 408, Did justly put on the vouch of very Malice itself. . 

You ask in what sense can Merit be said to put on the vouch of 
Malice? A very fine one ; for the sense of the passage is this. Her. 
Merit was so extraordinary, and of so great authority, so indis- 
putable that even Malice itself would youch for her. ‘The expres- 
sion is as fine as the sense; to put on the vouch of Malice, ta 
cloath herself with it as with anornament, or habit of triumph 
and victory over Malice. Any ordinary merit sure could do that, 


Dearest Sir, since the writing the above, I received 
the favour of yours. Your late fright, so happily 
got over, gave me much concern, Pray make my 
compliments of congratulation to Master, and Mrs. 
Theobald on his recoyery ; and tell him, ] say, what 
he loses in the beauty of his face, he must endeavour. 
to make up in the improved beauties of the mind, 

As to the passage in Milton, I only concluded from 
circumstances, and Milton’s character, it was an 
Irish fable, and that is all I know. Your judgment 
of Jortin’s work is perfectly right. I will send up 
my Remarks soon, and I think I have weighed them 
well, I shall order a person to bring the four gui- 
neas to your house, and leave them there. 


LETTER 


WARBURTON AND THEOBALD, 649 


LETTER LXXVI, 


To Mr. Lewis Tueosatp. 


Dearest Frienp, July 16, 1734, 

I received the pleasure of yours of the 11th in- 
stant, I have not left my room yet, from a very ill 
cold and fever that has held me these ten’ days; this 
is the first time I have taken up my pen, or could 
hold down my head, for a blister I have on one side it, 

As to the lines, 

Being red, she loves him dest, and being white 
Her breast is bettered with a more delight. 

The second of them is without question extremely 
corrupt; but I suspect not in that part where you 
have laid virgula censoria. Tn the first line, she loves 
him best ; we are, I sup , to understand, not by 
way of comparison with any other lover, but best 
in that state when he looks red. 

] therefore read the two lines thus: 

Being red, she loves him dest, and being white 

Her best is better’d with an ore-delight. 
best in the second line alluding to best in the 
first. This well expresses the fondness of a lover, 
to whom every /ast appearance of the person beloved 
appears still more charming ; and ‘her best is bet- 
tered’ being what we call paradoxical in the expres- 
sion admirably paints the absurd judgment that 
lovers make white they attend only to their passion. 
As to the sense of the expression her best, it bears 
the same kind of import as in that phrase, to do 
one's best. 

As to the expression a more delight, I think it 
could never come from Shakespeare for much ; more 
being an adjective that denotes multitude, an article 
of the singular number can never with any propriety 
er any poetical indulgence be affixed to it. Ina 
‘ ; substantive 


650 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


substantive that denotes multitude, an article of the 
singular number indeed may be affixed : in an adjec- 
tive of the same denomination it cannot; and though 
analogy seems to say it may, yet that will not be 
sufficient to justify the use. ‘The reason is pretty 
curious, and is this: in a noun of multitude, if it 
be a substantive, there is a substratum, or support, 
for an union of the parts of that multitude, from 
whence results what is called an abstract idea, whieh 
considets it as one being singularly. Thus in the 
word people, which in its siinplest and prime signi- 
fication signifies a great number of individuals, may 
yet by. an abstraction have these numbers united, and 
signify one, abd then may have the singular article 
affixed, as a people. But a noun adjective of mul- 
titade, having nosubstratum, isnot capable of this ab- 
straction and union, and therefore a singular article 
ean never be affixed to it—An o’er-delight seems to 
be very like one of Shakespeare's compound words, 
and signifies additional delight. 

Your emendation of "ALEAIAO® is very inge- 
nious, though I think dwréd:Aog is the right word, but 
I understand it in a sense different from you. F own, 
it is a poor wretched frigid thought for the Nymph 
to say, “ I was in such haste to come to your rehet 
that 1 came barefoot.” I suppose drébiaog was the 
distinguishing epithet of all the Sea-nymphs, and 
when she says, Suny 3° awrédsrog; “I, one of the bare- 
foot tribe of Nymphs, hastened to your relief,” &c. 
E do not doubt but axédiaog was as well known 
amongst the Greek Poets to signify a Sea-nymph, 
as in France, wne secur dechaussée is to signify a 
Carmelite Nun. : 

The four guineas I sent up to Cambridge. ‘ Mes- 
sengers from thence oft go to London, and F desired 
that any body would leave them at your house, which 
I dare say they will shortly. eats 

My dear Friend, I only want to see the two Jour- 
nals in which your answers are inserted ; and should 
be glad could you send them down to me by Letter, 

because 


WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 651 


‘because I would not give you the trouble of tran- 
scribing. ‘The other two Journals I have seen. | 
' I hope Master is got perfectly recovered of the 
small-pox; and that Mrs. Theobald and Mrs, Jack- 
son are well... 
Iam, dearest Sir, your most affectionate, 
W. Warsorton, 


LETTER LXXVII. 


To Mr. Lewis THeosatp. 


_.. My pear FRIEND, Oct, 14, 1734. 

T have had, the pleasure of two Letters from you 
since my last. The reason why I did not acknow- 
ledge, them before was, my waiting for a third, to 
which they both referred, and which was to finish 
the subject those I received were upon. But, this 
not coming, I have concluded you have altered your 
intention ; and therefore have thought proper to re- 
turn faa my thanks for the trouble Pate you in the 
two I received. 

What follows are three notes to be added to the 
Jifty 1 sent, in their places, which I desire you 
: would give yourself the trouble to do. I hope they 

will meet with your approbation, 

P. 94. Midsummer Night’s Dream, Act II. Sc..2. 

——_——__—— The spring, the summer, 

The chiding autumn, angry winter, change 

Their wonted liveries ; and th’ amazed world, 

By their increase, now knows not which is which, 
' By their increase ? whose increase ? or what-in- 
erease > there is nothing preceding to which increase 
ean be referred so as to make sense. 

We must read, 

By their IncHasE, now knows not which is which. 
+ It comes from the French, enchassure, a term im 
“use amongst the jewellers to signify the setting a 
stone in gold or silver ; to this the word inchase me- 
taphorically alludes. He had said, the Seasons 
ehanged their liveries ¢ 7. ¢. the weather in which 
‘ the 


652 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


the Seasons were set; so that the sense of the whole 
in this reading is this: ‘* The amazed world knows 
not, by the weather in which the Seasons are set or ~ 
inchased, how to distinguish Spring, Summer, Au-~ 
tumn, and Winter, from each other.” The metaphor 
is beautiful, as comparing the Seasons set in their se- 
veral weathers to gems inchased in gold and silver. 
And the Poets in their Prosopopwie represent 
Spring as adorned with emeralds, the Summer with 
the pyropus, the Autumn with the topaz, and Win- 
ter with diamonds. 
P.95. Midsummer Night’s Dream, Act II. Se, 2: 

’ Thou remember’st 

Since once I sat upon a promontory, 

And heard a mermaid, on a dolphin’s back, 

Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath, 

That the rude sea grew civil at her song; 

And certain stars shot madly from their spheres, 

To hear the Sea-maid’s musick. 
To which these are an introduction. The compli- 
ment made to Queen Elizabeth in the following lines 
was too obvious not to have been often taken notice 
of. But this made to Mary Queen of Scots in the 
lines above quoted was so allegorically, it seems, de- 
livered as not to be understood. Yet nothing is 
more true than that both a compliment and satire 
were here intended, on that unfortunate lady. On 
both which accounts, there were sufficient reasons to 
disguise his meaning under these fabulous images, 
which yet refer all of them so evidently to the real 
subject underneath, that it is a wonder it should 
haye escaped any attentive reader. The scene where 
this representation is laid being near the British 
Island (for the speaker is made to hear the mermaid 
at the very time he saw Cupid’s attempt on the ves- 
tal) shews the subject to concern that quarter. . And 
the mermaid an the dolphin’s back obliges us to un-= 
derstand it of Queen Mary, whose first husband 
was the Dolphin of France. The Poet designs her 
under the image of a mermaid, to denote her sove= 


reignty, 


“WARBURTON AND THEOBALD. 653 


reignty, and likewise her mischievous allurements: 
for the mermaid is supposed in fable to have domi- 
nion in the seas, and to be very powerful in musick, 
and to inchant and destroy those she allures. 
_Utering such dulcet and harmonious breath, 
alludes to her great abilities of genius and learning, 
which rendered her the most accomplished princess 
of her time. 
The French Writers tell us, that when she was 
married to the Dolphin, ‘and resided among them, 
she once pronounced a Latin oration in the Great 
Hall of the Louvre, before the whole Court, with so 
much grace and eloquence that the whole assembly 
were filled with admiration. 
The rude sea grew civil at her song : ; 
By this is meant Scotland, long in arms against 
her; and there is the greater justness and beauty in 
it, because the common opinion was that the mer- 
maid sung in storms. 
And certain stars shot madly from their spheres 
To hear the sea-maid’s musick. 
This alludes in general to the many matches pro- 
sed to her; but more particularly to the Duke of 
Norfolk's famous negotiation with her. And on 
that account, and on the fatal consequences it had 
on both, he thus admirably expresses it: 
— certain sTARS shot MADLY from their SPHERES. 
P. 122. Midsummer Night's Dream, Act III. Sc. 2: 
The eastern gate, all fiery red, 
Opening on Neptune with Fak BLESSED Seams, 
Turns into yellow gold his salt-green streams. 
Where it is plain that for fuir blessed we should 
read, 


——__-___———. FAR- BLESSING beams, 
a most beautiful compound epithet, and highly ex- 
pressive of the thing *. 
Dear Sir, I read over your Answers to the Grub 
as carefully as I could, and I think them very deci- 
sive. Do you know who it was that wrote the Let- 


* An error of the same kind occurs in Timon ; see before, p. 643. 
ter 


. 


654 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


ter concerning the Votive Table? T havea great 
numberof notes, &c. on Shakespeare, for some fu- 
ture Edition. 1 have given you a specimen in two 
or three from the Tempest, and Midsummer Night's 
Dream, in the fifty, and in this addition. How for- 
ward are you got towards the Edition of the Poems? 
I hope to have the pleasure of seeing you in towh 
when Christmas is turned. 

Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and 
humble servant, W. Warpurron.' 


LETTER LXXVII. 


Tothe Rey. Mr. Bircu,St.John’sLane, Clerkenwell. 


Sir, Wyan's Court, Aug. 10, 1737. 
I have been pretty much out of town, or had 
much sooner furnished you with what 1 have been 
able to glean in answer to your Queries with rela- 
tion to Ben Jonson+. _ If any thing in the inclosed 


* From Dr. Birch's MSS. in British Museum, No, 4319. 
+ Qu. 1. What year was he born?» 
As we find in the Latin epitaph that he died at the age of 63 
in the year 1637, he was consequently born about the year 1674. 
2, Whether he worked at his father-in-law's trade as a Bricks 
layer, after he had been a short time ut Cambridge according to 
Dr. Fuller; or before he went to that University, according to 
other Writers? 
This question, I confess, I cannot solve with all the certainty 
I could wish ; but I will endeavour to lead as near to it as T can 
by circumstance. I must first take notice of a point from Lang- 
baine, in Which either he, or Wood, have committed, I ima- 
ine, a strange blunder, viz. That in the year 1619 he took his 
laster of Arts degree at Christ's Church College in Oxford; for, 
by a calculation, it appears that he was then 45 years old. He 
had attended as Court Poet 16 years; so could not be a resident 
at the University; and, supposing the Degrees were only Hono-+ 
rary, would he, at that period of life, and in his station, have 
accepted them? But the College Book, upon application, will 
easily clear up this point ; and then, it occurs to me on the sud+ 
den, it may be ascertained as easy whether he worked asa Brick« 
layer, before he went to, or after he came from, the University, 
by this single inquiry, at what time Lincoln’s-inn was new built, 
if there be any truth in the tradition of his being concerned therein. 
$ 3. What 


THEOBALD AND wIRcH. =: 655) 


may be of service to your Memoirs, I shall be happy 
that I could in any tribute to a scheme of 
so much merit, or in any sort shew a disposition of 
approving myself, Sir, 

our, obedient humble servant, Lew. Turopatp. 


$.° What authority there is, besides Wood's, that he was Tuer 
to, and travelled abroad with Sir Walter Raleigh ? 

I confess Wood's authority seems to me very slippery, precas 
rious, and_ill- founded, in this point; ed od reasons § H U be 
supported by incontestable chronological facts, which t divloe 
to you. Soon after Sir Walter Raleigh way taken notice of at 
Queen Elizabeth's Court, he was sent to sea by her, and disco- 
vered Virginia in 1584, when our Author was but 10 years old. 
At his return he continued a Courtier, and debauched a Maid of 
Honour, whom he afterwards married. Now, supposing: he 
married her in 1585, and allowing that their son might begin 
his ‘travels at 15 years old, a period early enough in all con- 
science, too early in reason, this brings us to the year 1601, 
which was the fourth year in which Ben had devoted himself to 
the stage-writing, and every year produced’a Play; it a 
(froin the Induction to his Magnetick Lady), that in 1588 or 
1589 he produced his first fruits in the Dramatic way, Every. 
Man in his Humour, and Every Man out of his Humour: from 
which period, for above 40 successive years, we find him engaged 
at home both for the stage, and’in his service as Laureate. And 
as he obtained the Laureacy in 1603, when Sir Walter Raleigh's 
son was but 17 years old, there was no room or possibility of 
his afterwards becoming a travelling Tutor. 

4. When he became a Player? How long he continued so? and 
in what house?’ 

5. What Plays his name appears before as. an Actor ? 

One solution serves for these two Queries, From what haar 
I have been able to make, Ido not find his name before any 
Play as an Actor: yet an Actor he was; but I believe barely 2 
strolling one. Decker, in his Histrio-Mastix (a Play published 
in 1602, and designed a Reply to Ben Jonson's Poetaster), r+ 
proaches our Poet with having left his oceupation of being a 
Mortar-treader, to tun Player; and with having put up a sap= 
plication to be a poor Journeyman Player; in which he had 
continued, but that he could not see a good -face'on it, and so 
was cashiered.” gusts if we may atlinit that satire to be built on 
facts, we may glean some further intelligence, “that Bea 
performed ‘the part of Zuliman (in what Play I cannot at present 
a at the Paris Garden in Southwark ; and that he ambled/by 
a Play-waggon, in the highway; and took mad Jeronymo’s part 
to get service among the mimicks.” "But as to the precise time 
of these things, we are left a litle at large. ‘There seem about 
six years (viz, from his quitting the University to 1598, when his 

first 


656 ILLUSTRATIONS: OF LITERATURE: 
LETTER LXXIX, 
To the Rev. Tuomas Brncn. 


Bloomsbury-square, Saturday 
. Dear Sir, Morning, Sept. Pig ch i 
I return you thanks for el which I have 
had in reading these two books. ' 
I see this instant, in the Public Advertiser, that 
Dr. Warburton is made King’s Chaplain, and enters 
into waiting immediately. Can you tell me whether 
this be true? If there be any hazard of finding him 
at Kensington, I shall not pa to go thither to- 
day. Iam, your affectionate humble servant, 
W M. AxKensiveE. 


sacinn socleg tr its be dit in an Epi at the end of 
his Poetaster, directed to true Soldiers, in which he says, 

«« J swear by your true Friend, my Muse, I love 

Your t Profession, which I once did prove ; 
And did not shame it with my actions then, 
No more than I dare now do with my Pen.” 

Decker, likewise, hints in his Histrio-mastix at our Ben's 
valour; and his being a Man of the Sword. To say the truth; 
I am in doubt whether this is levelled at his profession of Sol- 
diership ; or at a fatal accident which I am afraid betel Ben ; 
and which perhaps had better been slipped over in silence. 

6. What was the salary of the Poet Laureate at that time? 
Wood says 1001. per annum? 

I am doubtful of Mr. Wood's authority in this point ; but dare 
not be positive upon the question. Perhaps he might mean 
thus: An hundred marks in salary, which at 13s. 4d. makes 
66. 13s. 4d. and a butt of sack, which has always been com- 
muted at 30/. In the whole, 96/. 13s. 4d.—It is certain, till after’ 
James the First’s demise, Ben had but a pension of 100 marks 
annually; for, in his Petition to Charles I. he set it out so, and 
entreats the King, 

——_———_—_—— to make 
Of your Grace, for goodness’ sake, 
Those your Father's Marks, your Pounds, 


JOHN 


EY 
% 
= 

= 
3 
H 
= 
} 


TTSOM, M.& LL.D. ke. 


JOHN COAKLEY ILE 


5 


dea ~m Il 


Born in 1744; 


Published. by J Nithols be C2 Janv2221by7 . 


yhusees 


Sra eel inal 4 1 
rite... aoa 


CAT GD 
Say ia Sone ’ 


wae 


(2 687°") 


JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM, M.D. 


This excellent: man was an Israelite without 
guile, and may truly be said to have carried his 
heart in his hand. From “ his undeviating friend- 
ship,” I have, for nearly half a century, “ derived 
many of the most grateful and rational enjoyments 
of my life;” and I can truly assert, that, during this 
long period, Dr. Lettsom was “ an ornament to so- 
ciety; the liberal friend to merit; and an example 
of beneficence to every avenue of human distress !” 
His benevolence was unbounded. ‘Io thousands, 
as well as to myself, he was the happy instrument 
both of * gladdening, and of lengthening life.” He 
was invariably a friend to the indigent, and a com- 
fort to all who were so happy as to possess his friend= 
ship, or had oceasion for his medical skill. He was 
equally distinguished for public and private benevo- 
lence, and for every species of useful exertion, both 
in the medical profession, and as a member of 
society at large. 

Dr. Lettsom was born, in December 1744, ina 
small Island in the Atlantic, near Tortola, called 
Little Van Dyke*; and was one of a twin. 

His ancestors on the father’s side originated from 
Letsom (in Domesday called Ledsom), a small vil- 
lage in Cheshire. On the mother’s side they were 
lineally descended from Sir Czsar Coakley, an Irish 
baronet, whose family uniformly possessed a seat in 
the Parliament of Ireland; the last of whom was Sir 
Vesey Coakley. Different branches of these families, 
during the government of Ireton in Ireland, went 
to Barbados, in favour of the Commonwealth ; and 
settled afterwards in different Islands among that 


* A view of the House which gave him birth, and its surround- 
ing scenery, is given in Gent. Mag. vol. LXXXV. ii. p, 577. 
VOL. Il. vu large 


658 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


large cluster known to us by the name of the Lee- 
ward and. Windward Islands. 

When only six years of age, he was sent to 
England for education. His future destiny seems 
to have been determined by the accidental circum- 
stance of his landing at a sea-port where Mr. Fother- 
gill, then a celebrated Preacher among the Quakers, 
and brother to the distinguished Physician of that 
name, happened to be on a visit; and he was re- 
ceived into the very same house in “which the 
Preacher lived. By the advice of that excellent _ 
man, who conceived a parental affection for him, 
young Lettsom was sent to school to Mr. Thompson, 
uncle to Dr. Gilbert Thompson (afterwards an emi- 
nent Physician in London), who was then an assistant 
in the school; between whom and his pupil an in- 

-violable friendship commenced, which continued in 
advanced life with unabated fervour. Mr. Thompson's 
school was in the vicinity of Warrington, where Mr. 
Fothergill lived; and by this means the superintend- 
ance of his education was continued till the period 
when the law admits of a youth choosing his own 
guardian, which, in consequence of the death of his 
father some years before, he did, in the person of his 
friendly protector. The amiable Pastor accepted the 
important charge; and placed him, with a view to his 
future profession, with Mr. Abraham (afterwards 
Dr.) Sutcliff, of Settle, in Yorkshire, intending, when 
of proper age and experience, to recommend him to 
the patronage of his brother, then in the highest line 
of practice in the great medical sphere of London. 

After leaving Dr. Sutcliff, young Lettsom came to 
town, and assiduously attended at St. Thomas’s Hos- 
pital as a dresser. After two years’ study and prac- 
tice in that Hospital, he returned to his native soil, 
to take possession of a property which came to him 
by the deaths of his father and elder brother; the 
latter of whom, having contrived to run through 
an ample fortune in a few years, left very little of 
the family estate to be inherited by his successor, 

except 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM.” 659 


except a number of Negro slaves. ‘These degraded 
beings, with that admirable spirit of benevolence 
which his conduct in maturer years uniformly dis- 
played, he emancipated; and’ in the twenty-third 
year of his age, as he more than once informed the 
Compiler of this Memoir, found himself five hun- 
dred pounds worse than nothing. 
s The fortune of Mr. Lettsom was henceforth, 
therefore, solely to be obtained as a Medical Practi- 
tioner; and so strenuous were his endeavours, and 
so extensive was his practice in Tortola, where he 
settled, that, in a very short time, he was enabled 
to return to Europe; and to visit the great medical 
schools of Paris, Edinburgh, and Leyden, at the 
latter of which Universities he took the degree of 
M. D. * on the 20th of June 1769. To complete 
his education, he visited, besides Paris, most of the 
places of resort for the relief of invalids abroad; as 
Spa, in Westphalia, Aix la Chapelle, and various 
others.—When he went to Paris, among other ho- 
nourable recommendations, he carried one from Dr. 
Benjamin Franklin to M. Jaques Barbeu Dubourg ++. 
He was afterwards introduced to the celebrated Ma - 
quer, Le Roi, and other characters conspicuous at 
that period, with whom he continued to correspond 
till their decease.—After this circuit, he repaired to 
London, where he finally settled, with the unde- 
viating’ friendship of his old guardian, and of his 
brother Dr. John Fothergill, whose Life he after- 
wards published asa tribute of gratitude and respect. 
Under such patronage, witha mind richly stored 
_with science, matured by reflection, improved by 
early and dear-bought experience, success was in- 
sured; and its fruits were displayed, not in a fas- 
tidious conduct and ostentatious parade, but in 
active schemes for the relief of the distressed poor, 


* See some notices of his Thesis, p. 678. 

+ Dr. Lettsom published the Life of his friend Dubourg, in the 
First Volume of Memoirs of the Medical Society of London. F 
L 2uU an 


. 


660 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


and numerous charitable institutions to mitigate pain 
and repel disease. Many of these originated with 
himself; and, of those that were planned by others, 
several received from him considerable improvement, 
and all his active support. 

In many instances he fostered genius, cherished 
science, and expanded the circle of the Arts, in pe- 
riods of individual and national distress; and his purse, 
equally with his pen, was devoted to their cause. 

Medicine and Botany were particularly indebted 
to his zealous researches. Foreigners of talents and 
merit ever. found an hospitable reception under his 
roof; and he constantly corresponded with the Lite- 
rati of eminence both in Europe and America*. 


* His intimate friend Mr. T, J. Pettigrew observes, 

“ Among these Correspondents, several of whom are now 
numbered with the dead, may be found many names deservedly 
ranking high as men of Science, Literature, and Benevolence. 

“ In the first class may be enumerated the great Linneus, the 
Swedish Naturalist ;— Baron Haller, of Switzerland, the greatest 
Physiologist that ever existed ;—Dr. Erasmus Darwin, the cele- 
brated author of Zoonomia, Phytologia, &e—Dr. William Cul- 
len, of Edinburgh ;—Dr. William Hunter, whose splendid Mu- 
seum is attached to the University of Glasgow ;—Dr. Zimmer- 
man, the first Physician to his Majesty at Hanover, and the 
author of the well-known Essays on Solitude, National Pride, 
&e.;—Dr. Alexander Russell, the author of the History of 
Aleppo, &c.;—Dr. William Cuming, of Dorchester;—Dr. Geo 
Cleghorn, the Professor of Anatomy in the University of Dublin, 
sat'aho published on the Diseases of Minorca ;—Dr. Edward 
Jenner, to whom the world is indebted for the discovery and a 
plication of that inestimable blessing the Cow Pock, as a ahs 
against that most dreadful of diseases, the Small Pox ;—the in- 

enious Dr. John Haygarth, of Bath ;—Sir Gilbert Blane, Bart., 
hysician to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent ;—Dr. Hope, 
the Professor of Botany; Dr. Andrew Duncan, Senior, the Pro- 
fessor of the Institutions of Medicine; Dr. A. Hamilton, the 
Professor of Midwifery ; and Dr. Francis Home, the Professor 
of Materia Medica, in the University of Edinburgh ;—Dr. James 
Johnstone, of Worcester, who published some Medical and Phy- 
siological Essays of value ;—Dr. Bardsley, of Manchester ; 
—Dr. Cheston, of Gloucester ;—Dr. James Currie, of Liverpool ; 
—Dr. William Falconer, of Bath, the author of a Dissertation 
on the Influence of the Passions upon the Disorders of the Body, 
&c.;—Dr. Dixon, of Whitehaven;—Dr. Renatus Desgencettes, 
and 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 661 


In 1769, he was admitted a Licentiate of the 
Royal College of Physicians. In1770, he was elected 
F.S.A.; and in the succeeding year, F.R.S. 


and Dr, Felix Vicq d'Azyr, of Paris ;—Dr. John Ferriar, the au- 
thor of the Medical Histories and Reflexions ;—Dr, Thomas Gar- 
nett, the late Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution ;— 
Dr. J. F. Blumenbach, the Professor of Medicine in the Univer- 
sity of Géttingen, and author of several works distinguished for 
learning and sound judgment ;—Dr. Benjamin Smith Barton, 
the learned Professor of Materia Medica, Natural History, and 
Botany, in the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia ;—Dr. 
1. C. Warren, the Professor of Anatomy and Surgery; and Dr. 
Benjamin Waterhouse, the Professor of the Practice of Physic in 
the University of Cambridge, Boston ;—Dr. David Hosack, the 
Professor of Botany and Materia Medica in Columbia College, 
New York ;—Dr. Maclurg, of Richmond, Virginia ;—Dr. Valen- 
tine, of New York ;—Dr. Muller, of Christiana, Norway ;— 
Dr, Louis Odier, of Geneva;—the celebrated Dr, Percival, of 
Manchester ;—Dr, Pulteney, of Blandford, the author of a View 
of the Writings of Linnzus, &c.;—Dr. Jonathan Stokes, of Ches- 
terfield, who published in 1812 an excellent Botanical Materia 
Medica; —Dr. C. A. Struve, of Gérlitz, author of many valuable 
works; —Dr, James Sims, now of Bath, many years President of 
the Medical Society of London ;—Dr. Withering, the author of a 
Botanical Arrangement of all the Vegetables of Great Britain ;— 
Dr. Walker, of Leeds ;—Drs. Mitchell, 1. R. Coxe, Allvey, Ash, 
A. Fothergill, Broadbelt, Dubourg, Wall, Hoffman, Bancroft, 
George Pearson, Young, Peart, Denman, George Gregory, 
Wilmer, Rush, Sir Lucas Pepys, Bart. Mr. John Mason a 
&c. &c. Among the Correspondents, not medical men, are Jacob 
Bryant, esq. author of the Analysis on Ancient Mythology ;—the 
Rev. Thos. Maurice, author of Indian Antiquities, and many other 
equally valuable productions ;— the Earl of Buchan, who wrote 
the life of Lord Napier, and a Specimen of a Biographical His- 
tory of Scotland ;—Mr. John Scott, of Amwell ;— the Rev. Dr. 
Knox ;—the Rev. J. Plumptre ;— Samuel-Jackson Pratt, author 
of the Gleanings, &c.;—Rev. George Costard ;—Richard Gough, 
. the celebrated Antiquary ;—Mr. John Nichols, the author of 
fay well-known works on general Literature, Topography, and 
Antiquities ;—Miss Porter ;—Miss Hutchinson ;—&c. &c.—Dr. 
Lettsom was engaged in an extensive correspondence with many 
of the highest ornaments of the Metropolis, whose attention 
was and is undeviatingly directed to the alleviation of the mi- 
series of their fellow creatures. The names of John Howard, 
James Neild, Patrick Colquhoun, LL.D. Granville Sharp, 
Sir Thomas Bernard, the Hon. Philip Pusey, the Rt. Hon. 
Lord Henniker, Mr. David Pike Watts, the Rev. Rowland Hill, 
and the Rev. Dr. Collyer, are among the most conspicuous in = 
ist, 


662 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


By a matrimonial union, July 30, 1770, with 
Miss Miers, an amiable woman, and the addition 
of a cousiderable fortune by that marriage, he 
enlarged the means of doing good; nor did the 
necessary attention to the interests and happiness 
of a numerous family permit his zeal in the cause 
of philanthropy to cool, or restrain the current, in 
very arduous times, of a well-directed liberality. 

“feeds rsons had, in the course of their practice 
in London, so much power (and none more inclina- 
tion) to serve their sick and sorrowing fellow-crea- 
tures, as Dr. Lettsom. He seemed always to con- 
sider it amongst the foremost of his duties, to as- 
suage the mind, as well as relieve the person, of his 
patient: and, although his daily practice made: it 
necessary that he should set a just value on time, he 
never hurried away from the invalid, who, he be- 
lieved, might be as much assisted by his Physician's 
society as by his prescription. ‘The consolations 
which he administered were not circumscribed b 
gentleness of manners: his heart, not seldom, filled 
the hands of such as stood in need of his bounty as 
well as his skill. 

In illustration of his unbounded benevolence, may 
be mentioned the extraordinary and well-founded 
fact of his having been many years ago attacked, 
ee his return to town, on Finchley Common, by 
a highwayman, with whom his remonstrances and 

uniary assistance operated so powerfully, that, 
in the result, a public robber, impelled to transgres- 
sion by extremity of want, was converted into a use- 
ful member of society. The story is detailed in 


list. Most of the letters from these and numerous other corre- 
spondents, are preserved, properly arranged, and bound up, 
constituting several volumes of most valuable and interesting in- 
formation.” Eulogy, p. 47.— Dr. Lettsom’s MSS. and Let- 
ters have been entrusted to Mr. Pettigrew; and I am happy 
to announce, that he will soon publish a selection of them. 


glowing 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 663 


glowing colours by the late Mr. Pratt *, whose nar- 
rative also of the ‘* Benevolent London Physician's 
kindness to the Merchant in difficulty,” there is 
great reason to believe, records another anecdote of 
the philanthropy of Dr. Lettsom +. 

he Doctor's villa near Camberwell, called Grove 
Hill, was situated on a spot, the beauty of which 
in early life had attracted his attention, and of which 
he resolved to become master if his circumstances 
should become sufficiently prosperous. His wishes 
were gratified; and the natural beauties of the situa- 
tion were improved, and brought to the utmost 
perfection, by his taste and care. 

The late Mr. John Scott, of Amwell, has cele- 
brated it, and paid a just tribute to the character of 
its owner, in one of his Poems ; and the Rev. Thomas 
Maurice, with whose various talents the publick are 
well acquainted, has, in an elegant Poem, given an 
animated description of the villa, and of the 
interesting scenery and beautiful landscapes with 
which it abounds ft. 

In this terrestrial Elysium, Dr. Lettsom formed 
a Museum of Natural History, consisting of many 
rare and valuable specimens, as well as a Botanic 
Garden, enriched with the choicest plants, brought 
at a great expence from the four quarters of the 
globe, all arranged according to the Linnzan system. 

Here he passed the few hours (and they were 
but few) which he could spare from the incessant 
demands of professional labours. Here, happily 
surrounded by a numerous and affectionate family, 
he enjoyed the company of friends whom he es- 
teemed ; and to such his well-spread but unosten- 


* « Liberal Opinions,” vol. IV. + “ Gleanings,” Vol. I. 

~ A particular Account of Grove-Hill was also published in 
Edwards's “Survey of the Roads from London to Brighton ;” which 
was afterwards re-printed in 4to, under the title of “ Grove-Hill, 
an Horticultural Sketch, London 1794,” accompanied by five 
very fine plates—See also Manning and Bray’s Surrey, vol. II. 
p. 398, 


tatious 


664 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


tatious table was at.all times open. Here I with 
pleasure recollect having, passed some happy days; 
certain of receiving the most cordial welcome; of 
enjoying the conversation of the worthy host, enli- 
vened constantly by a group of literary guests. Good 
humour and sociability were the order of the day ; 
and the good Doctor, always frugal and temperate 
in his personal habits, not unfrequently, after hav- 
ing tired three sets of horses in visiting his patients, 
dined at Grove Hill, and walked back in the even- 
ing to Sambrook Court. His entertainments. were 
often graced by the company of learned Foreigners 
and other persons of considerable distinction. To his 
Medical seta the House, the Museum, and 
the Bowling-green, were always open on a Saturday. 
That accomplished Nobleman William Petty, 
Earl of Shelburne (afterwards the first Marquis of 
Lansdown), had a high esteem for Dr. Lettsom; 
and occasionally condescended to partake of the 
hospitalities of his comfortable mansion *, 


* Mr. Boswell, who was a frequent and always a welcome 
guest, in his ‘« Horatian Ode to Charles Dilly,” thus merrily sings ; 
«« My cordial Friend, still prompt to lend 
Your cash when I have need on’t; 
We both must bear our load of care— 
At leat we talk and read on't. 
Yet are we gay in ev'ry way, 
Not minding where the joke lie ; 
On Saturday at bowls we play, 
At Camberwell with CoaKiey. 
Methinks you Jaugh to hear but half 
The name of Dr. Letrsom: 
From him of good —talk, liquors, food,— 
His guests will always get some. 
And guests has he, in ev'ry degree, 
Of decent estimation ; 
His liberal mind holds all mankind 
As an extended Nation. , 
O'er Lertsom’'s cheer we've met a Peer,— 
A Peer—no less than Layspown! 
Of whom each dull and envious skull 
Absurdly cries—The Man 's down, ' 
Down 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM: 665 


Dr. Lettsom’s Library* was ample, and ‘con- 
tained such a collection of books in all languages, 
and on all sciences; as few private gentlemen 
possessed ; but in those that relate to Natural His- 
tory, his favourite study, it more particularly 


Down do they say ? How then, I pray,— 
His King and Country prize him ! a 
Through the whole World known, his Peace alone 
Is sure t’ immortalize him. 
Letrsom we view a Quaker true, 
“Tis clear he's so in one sense: | 
His Spirit, strong, and ever young, 
Refutes pert ParzsTLey's nonsense, 
In Fossils he is deep, we see, 
Nor knows Beasts, Fishes, Birds ill: 
With Plants not few, some from Pellew, 
And wondrous Mangel-Wurzel ! + 
West India bred, warm heart, cool head, 
The City’s first Physician : 
By schemes humane,—Want, Sickness, Pain, 
‘To aid is his ambition. 
From terrace high he feasts his eye, 
When practice grants a furlough ; 
And, while it roves o'er Dulwich groves, 
Looks down—ev'n upon Tuurtow ¢ !” 

“Tam glad,” says Mr. Boswell, in a Letter to Mr. Nichols, 
to see in your Gentlemanly Museum my Horatian Ode to our 
good friend Mr. Dilly, in which another good friend Dr. Lett- 
som, is, I think, painted with truth. It goes admirably well to 
the tune of ‘ The first time at the looking-glass,’ in * The - 

"s Opera,’ to which you, in your character of Sylvanus, have 
eve a witness at Camberwell Grove.”—This, and others of his 
Songs, I have frequently heard him repeat in The Temple of the 
Sibyls, when exhilarated by moderate potations from a bowl 
either of delicious syllabub, or generous Tortola punch. 

* The Reader will join me in regretting, that the Doctor 
should have been compelled, by a train of adverse circumstances, 
at an advanced period of life, to dispose of the greatest part of 
so valuable a collection, and even of the Villa itself.— One part 
of the Library was sold, March 26, 1811,'and six following days, 
by Messrs. Leigh and Sotheby ; by whom the remaining part 
was also sold, April 3—5; and the entire Museum, Hichiing 
Coins and Medals, May 2—4, 1816. 


+ See p. 679. ) 
t Lord Chancellor Thurlow then resided at Dulwich. 


abounded. 


666 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


abounded. In this library was the collection of 
Classics formed by the learned and modest Mr. 
William Baker, printer, which Dr. Lettsom pur- 
chased on the death of that ingenious collector ; and, 
among other curiosities, a work in seven quarto vo- 
lumes, printed at Regensberg, in 1765, the author 
Jacob Christine Schaffers, in which the leaves of 
the respective volumes are formed of different vege- 
tables and other substances. 

Among the more prominent objects in the grounds 
at Grove Hill, is fie allegorical group delineated 
in the annexed engraving on wood, which the 
Doctor placed in a conspicuous part of the lawn, 
in commemoration, of his eldest son’s attaining the 
age of twenty-one, and which he has thus himself 
described : 

“The Fates consist of a groupe of figures: Lartho 
holding the spindle, and pulling the thread, which 
Lachesis winds on the spindle, Atropos, in a 
kneeling posture, extends the right hand with 
scissors open, as if desirous of instantly cutting 
this thread, 5. oy of human life. On the back- 
ground rises Hygeia, the Priestess of Health, near 
a column entwined by a Serpent, emblematic of the 
healing art, and stays the hand of Atropos from 
the fatal division of the thread. Behind this groups 
cedars of Libanus; near Afropos, savine and deadly 
night-shade; and at the feet of Hygeia flourishes 
the Arbor vite *.” 

* Thus beautifully paraphrased by Mr. Maurice : 

« Hygeia here in all her beauty blooms, 
And, thron’d with Flora, reigns mid rich perfumes ; 
With skill Linnean rang’d yon beds display, 
Brought from the regions of the rising day, 
All the rich balsams, and salubrious stores, 
Which Medicine's philosophic eye explores ; 
While many a potent drug of wondrous charm, 
To mitigate disease and death disarm, 

O’er yon fair lawn their balmy breath exhale, 

And health comes wafted on each vernal gale, 

Yon sculptur'd symbols, by a master wrought, 
in expression, as sublime in thought, 


With 


SPECIMEN OF DR. LETTSOM’S APIARY. 


HYGEIA REPELLING THE FATES. 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. © 667 


Another very prominent feature in these grounds, 
is the Observatory, or Temple of the Sibyls* ; the 
design of which was taken from a model in cork 
of the celebrated Temple near Tivoli. Instead of 
Corinthian pillars, this building is supported on the 
trunks or shafts of eighteen oak trees, covered with 
their natural bark, and with the branches a little 
cropped: round each of these trunks, ivy, virgin's 


With matchless eloquence to man unfold 

The aweful truth he shudders to be told : 

The aweful truth, that, with his earliest breath, 
He drew the lurking principles of death ; 

And oft to festive pleasure’s jovial strain, 

Succeed the piercing skrieks of bitterest pain. 

Yet droops not man beneath unpitied woes, 

As nobly this impressive sculpture shows : 

Behold Hygeia, who with Fate contends, 

And from her grasp expiring mortals rends. 
Mark with what fatal skill yon deathful pair) 

The web of human destiny prepare ; 

Life’s brittle thread those ruthless sisters hold, 
And swift around th’ impetuous wheel is roll'd. 
“A third more direful sister near them stands, 

The fatal shears extended in her hands ; 

Eager to strike the blow, and seal the doom 

Of some pale victim trembling o'er the tomb ; 
But, ere the shining steel that thread divides, 
Swift from her grot the rosy goddess glides ; 
Fraught with each healing plant and balmy flower, 
That sheds sweet incense round her mystic bower ! 
Mark as her hand the sovereign balm applies, 
From death's dark shades the squalid spectre rise : 
Gradual the lilies from his cheeks retire, 

Bright beams his eye with renovated fire ! 

Stern Atropos her power suspended owns, 

And Pluto his deserted realm bemoans.” 

* In this building were preserved the mechanical instruments 
of the ingenious Ferguson, with which he so clearly explained 
his instructive Lectures. Among these were interspersed many 
specimens of Natural History, and instruments of the arts of 
rude Nations ; and the following models in cork by Dubourg: 

Temple of Fortune in Rome.—Sibyl's Temple near Tivoli — 
—Triumphal Arch of Titus in Rome. — Virgil's Tomb at Pausi- 
lipo, near Naples. — Sepulchre of Plautius near Tivoli. — Sepul- 
chre of the Scipio Family.—Sepulchre of the Horatii and Curiatii 
in Rome. —Temple of Health in Rome. 

bower, 


668 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


bower, honey-suckle, and: vines, entwine their’ fo- 
liage and flowers in festoons. The outside of the 
base is ornamented with busts, in’ statuary marble, 
of Ceres, Pomona, Cleopatra, Mark Anthony, 
‘Alexander, and various others. 

Not far from this Temple was the Apiary, which 
constituted no small part of Dr. Lettsom’s amusement 
at Grove Hill. It consisted of sixty-four hives *, each 
of which was distinguished by the name of some 
Kingdom, or independent Nation, beginning with 
the North of Europe, and introducing in the same 
manner Asia, Africa, and America; so that a kind 
of history of the World was exhibited in the habi- 
tations of the industrious Bee +-. 


* One of these is represented in the engraving, p. 666. 
+ Here I shall again delight my Readers by the animated 
lines of Mr. Maurice : 
« Reflected from Augusta's glitt’ring spires, 
The sun darts fiercely his meridian fires ; 
With brighter splendour shines each glist'ning stream, 
While Nature pants beneath the fervid beam, ' 
For shelter, from the sultry Dog-star’s heat, 
To the deep glen the fainting herds retreat ; 
Listless repose beneath the gloomy brake, 
Or headlong plunge amid the cooling lake. 
Mark how intensely, while the blazing day 
Pours on their glowing hives its fiercest ray, 
Yon buzzing tribes pursue their ceaseless toil, 
Loaded with all the garden’s fragrant spoil ; ; 
Dark'ning the air, behold th’ unnumber'd throng, 
In driving swarms, harmonious, glide along ; 
All in strong bonds of social union join’d, 
One mighty Empire, one pervading mind. 
No civil discords in that Empire rage, 
Save when on idle drones dire wars they wage ; 
No tyrant's thund’ring scourge, nor rattling chain, 
Disgrace the Regent-mother's gentle reign ; 
Eternal laws to industry incite, 
All, all, to swell the public stores unite. 
Oh ! would the mighty States, whose thuaders hurl'd 
Over ravag’d Europe, awe th’ astonish’d world ; 
Oh! would they imitate the blameless race, 
Whose numerous hives their names conspicuous grace, 
Their vigorous industry, their loyal zeal, 
Their gen'rous ardour for the public weal ; 
Be firmly bound by one grand social chain, 
And bid through earth eternal concord reign !” 


! 


This 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. ) 669. 


This seems to have been the happiest period of Dr. 
Lettsom’s life: it certainly was the most prosperous. 

June 16,1794, his eldest daughter was married 
to Dr, Philip Elliot, a young Physician of great 
worth, and of some eminence; who afterwards prac- 
tised at Reading, and is now settled at Swansea. 

*His eldest son, John-Miers Lettsom, April 9, 
1795, married Rachael, only daughter of William 
Nanson, Esq. of New Bridge-street. 

In 1800, however, his domestic happiness. re- 
. ceived a severe interruption from the loss of that 
justly esteemed son, a bright ornament to the com- 
munity, and then rising rapidly into practice as an 
amiable and skilful Physician. His death happened, 
Jan. 29, after twelve days illness from a fever, origi- 
nating from an undeviating attention to the severe 
duties of his profession, and particularly to the sick 
poor, to whom he was ever a friend and benefactor. 

To use an expression of the afflicted Father on 
this sad occasion, addressed to the Compiler of this 
Memoir, “ The suavity of his manners, and the un- 
deviating rectitude of his character, rendered him 
universally beloved, as he is now universally la- 
mented ; and prepared him to quit the society of 
Friends, for that of Angels, to which his spotless 
mind was ever congenial.” 

His affectionate widow did not long survive; leav- 
ing two young children, a son and a daughter, to the 
tender care of their maternal grandfather *. 


* Mrs. Rachael Lettsom died Sept. 23, 1801, at the house of 
her father, at the age of 30; and the following notice of her 
was sent to me by Dr. Lettsom: “She was not less distin- 
guished for her excellent understanding and. purity of manners 
than for her personal accomplishments. Her health had been 
gradually declining from the day of her husband's death. For 
several months prior to her decease her disorder had become ex- 
tremely painful; but, through the whole course of it, she was 
never known torepine. When she became sensible of her ap- 
proaching dissolution, she maintained the same composure, and 
conversed about the care of her children, with her respective 
parents, with equal affection, and judicious arrangement. be 

the 


670 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


- This severe loss was followed, Oct. 3, 1802, by 
the death of his eldest daughter, the wife of Dr. 
Elliot, who left some fine young children to the 
care of an affectionate Father. : 

April 6, 1802, Dr. Lettsom’s second son, Samuel 
Fothergill Lettsom, married a daughter of William 
Garrow, Esq. (now Sir William Garrow, Knight, 
His Majesty’s Attorney General.) — His youngest 
daughter was married Feb, 27, 1804, to - 
Elliot, Esq. an eminent Brewer, and Colonel of the 
Westminster Light Horse. d 

In 1808, the Doetor’s paternal feelings were most 
powerfully excited, by events of very opposite oc- 
currence *.’ The marriage of Mr. Pickering Lett- 


the tuition of her only son she eften dwelt with peculiar tender- 
ness, that he might emulate ‘ the Angel his deceased father,” an 
expression she frequently applied; and concluded with hoping 
that she might be found fit to join him in Heaven. I have 
witnessed the final departure of many a pious character; but 
never saw calm, mental composure, under the pressure 
of death, more undeviating, or Christian resignation more 
exemplary. Her mind, fixed upona happy eternity, had enabled 
her to triumph over these sublunary gratifications, which her 
youth and temporary gratifications once afforded. J.C, 1.” 

* This singular succession of events shall be related in his 
own expressive words : 

“ Dear Mr. Nicuots, Sambrook-Court, Nov. 18, 1808. 

«« As I know you feel an interest in my happiness, 1 have the 
pleasure to inform you, that, on the 22d of last month, my 
youngest Son Pickering married Mrs. Georges +, Mother-in-law of 
Mr. Charles Combe ¢. She has at her disposal about s€.20,000 
per annum; but I do not know the conditions of the union. 

“ Dr. Hawes continues dangerously ill. The event is to be 
greatly feared. Yours sincerely, J. Letrsom.” 

“* Nov. 24. How chequered are sublunary prospects !—After 
I last wrote to you of the marriage of my Son, | determined 
to call on my old friend Dr. Combe, to congratulate him, and 
felicitate myself, on the union of families, on the basis of long 


+ Widow of William Payne-Georges, Esq. and sister to Lord Lavington. 

t Charles Combe, Esq. a young man of considerable talents, and very 
much esteemed. He married, March 10, 1807, Miss Payne-Georges, 
eldest. daughter of the lady mentioned above ; and accompanied her to 
Tortola, where the family ssed considerable property ; and where he 
died Sept. 29, 1808, leaving one infant son, still surviving, under the 
fostering care of a friendly uncle, Taylor Combe, Esq. His young 
widow, soon after her mother’s death, returned to England, and again 
became a wife ; but died in June 1814, leaving three children by the 


second marriage, 
friendship. 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 671 


som, his youngest son, in the October of that year, 
was followed, in less than a month, by his death, 
and very shortly after by that of his widow. 


friendship. On my way I called on my Son’s Agent, and learnt that 
Dr.Combe's Son emigravit adsedes ethereas, unde negat redire quem-~ 
quam! 1 do not know that I ever before felt so many contending 
sensations—where pleasure was rendered more pensive by affliction, 
and friendship more tender by sympathy. 1 left my card with 
my new relation ; but J had no spirits to see him, nor he to receive 
me; nor has my mind been since tranquillized. As we advance 
in life, how the branches of our enjoyment fall off in the autumn 
of our friendships, and leave a trunk, with some root indeed, but 
no sap to invigorate it! Thus I pensively muse in the removal of 
one associate after another—que demim confecti ad celestem aulam 

‘operaverunt. 

“* To-day indeed our excellent friend Dr. Hawes is somewhat 
better ; but I fear his disease will be too violent for the efforts of 
constitution to overcome. I intimated to him the concern you 
experienced on his account. He is alive to the attention and 
sympathy of his friends ; and he appears more amiable on the 
bed of languishing, than in those convivial moments, where so 
often we have mingled humanity of heart with rationality of in« 
tellect. Should Heaven demand him, we may conclude, brevi 
denique lustrica opus fuit, et migravit ad superos*. 

« You will overlook the sombre of this letter;—but I have lost a 
Son t, which I never shall overcome ; and I sympathize with Dr, 
Combe, with whom I have maintained, without intermission, a 
friendship of little short of forty years. It remains for us, my 
Friend, as we lose one associate, to cling with closer attraction 
to the Survivors—to concentrate esteem—and the ardour of affec- 
tion increase with the loss of extension. This is felt by 

“ Your sincere friend, J.C. Lerrsom.” 


«© Dec. 10, 1808. Aweful are the reverses which it pleases 
Divine Wisdom to dispense. The little sunshine in Tortola was 
soon overspread by a dark sky. My dear Son } had been married 


* Dr. Hawes died Dec. 5, 1808. See ‘ Literary Anecdotes, vol. IX. 182. 

+p. He alludes here to his eldest son, Dr. John-Miers Lettsom. 

t His youngest son, Mr. Pickering Lettsom, After baving been edu- 
cated in the Temple, be had settled at Tortola, where his talents in the 
Law had secured him very general respect, and opened to him the fairest 
prospects of future eminence. But his gleam of sunshine was soon over- 
spread by a dark sky. He had been married to a widow ia the prime of 
life, rich, and handsome.— The Friend, by whom the melancholy 
reverse was communicated, adds, “ It will be a consolation to know that 
every possible endeavour was made to save him. The most skilful medical 
aid, united with the fondest attention on the part of Mrs. Lettsom and 
all around him, failed in their effect ; and, as life forsook him, his qui- ~ 
vering hand pressed mine ; and he departed without a groan, a struggle, 
or asigh, In him I have lost a sincere friend, Mrs. Lettsom an affection- 
ate husband, and the World an honest man.” itd 

ie 


672 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LILERATURE. 


_..Mr. Charles. Dilly, who died in 1807, an old 
friend of Dr. Lettsom, left him a legacy of 5004. ; 
and Dr. Anthony Fothergill, who died in 1813, thus 
expressed in his will his opinion of and regard for 
him: “ To Dr, Lettsom, my silver medal of Captain 
Cook. Also, in consideration of his kindly under- 
taking to oe) a collection of my Essays, my gold 
stop-watch, and a cane with his own cypher, which 
he gave me, and which I have walked with many 
years, with grateful remembrance of the donor.” 
After appropriating 1000/. towards the expence of 
selecting and remer J his Works, Dr. Fothergill 
adds, ms hope my wort y friend and learned Physi- 
cian Dr. Lettsom will do it, with his wonted accuracy 
and discrimination.” The benefits which Dr. Lett- 
som was likely to derive from some still more consi- 
derable pecuniary bequests of Dr, Fothergill, from 
“ the Law’s delay,” he did not live to enjoy ;, but he 
paida just tribute to the Testator, in an Oration 
delivered at a Meeting of the Medical Society, 

Of the personal history of Dr. Lettsom little 
more remains to be said. 

Amongst the most remarkable public services that 
he rendered his country at large, were, the share 
he took, in 1770, in forming the General Dispensary 
in Aldersgate-street (the parent of so many other 
of those excellent institutions) ; his founding the 


little more than a month, when sublunary objects terminated. 
He died on the 28th of October. The affectionate attention of his 
wife was worthy of the sensibility and goodness of her heart. He 
was buried near his namesake the late Major Pickering. 

“ Yours sincerely, J. C. Lerrsom.” 

* March 28, 1809. I received to-day your friendly Letter; 
at the same moment a foreign one, dated January last, informing 
me of the decease of my Daughter-in-law Mrs. Pickering Lett- 
som on the 24th of that month! My friend says, she died of a 
broken heart. My path seems to be over the ashes of my chil- 
dren*. May Heaven be more propitious to the advancing years 
of iy atten Friend, is the prayer of 

«« Yours sincerely, J. C. Lerrsom.” 


* He bad lost two sons—a daughter—and the widows of two sons, 
edical 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 673 


Medical Society * of London, 1773; his early atten- 
tion to the Royal HumaneSociety in1774; his contest 
with, and complete conquest of, the famous Water- 
Doctor Mayersbach in 1776; and the foundation of 
the General Sea-Bathing Infirmary at Margate, 
planned wholly by himself, in 1793. 

With Dr. Lettsom, and his friends the Rey. Dr. 
John Warnerand Mr. Nichols, originated, in 1786, 
the idea of erecting a Statue in honour of Howard 
the Philanthropist-+. The modesty of that excellent 
man checked the intentions of his admirers at the 
time; but the idea was carried into effect after his 
death: and Mr. Howarp’s was the earliest Monu- 
ment introduced into St. Paul's Cathedral. 

In March 18i2 Dr. Lettsom associated himself 
with the Philosophical Society of London, of which 
he was soon after chosen President. To this insti- 
tution he was ardently attached t. : 

In 1814 he contributed to the [Xth volume of 
“ Literary Anecdotes” (published since the Doctor's 


* « This Society, instituted for the promotion of Medical Sci- 
ence, is greatly indebted to Dr. Lettsom. He not only con- 
tributed to the increase of its valuable communications, but he 
also generously presented the Society with the house it now 
occupies. He may, indeed, truly be considered as its father, and 
liberally he supported it. ‘The Library (which, as a Medical one, 
is, perhaps, for works of reference the most valuable in the 
country) is composed of many rare works presented by him. 
The Society expressed their grateful respect, by unanimously 
adopting the following Resolutions : y": 

«« That the Society receive the account of the decease of their 
late much-valued Associate with feelings of deep regret for his 
loss—of unfeigned respect for his memory—and of gratitude for 
the numerous services rendered by him to the Society. 

“« That the above Resolution be entered in the Minutes, and 
subscribed by the President; and that a copy be transmitted to 
his son, Mr. Samuel-Fothergill Lettsom.” Pettigrew, p. 18. 

+ See hereafter, p. 652. 

$ An eloquent and just Eulogy on the Doctor's Life and Cha- 
racter was delivered before. the Society on the 20th of November, 
by Mr. T. J, Pettigrew. The Rev. Dr. Collyer also paid a proper 
respect to his memory, in an Anniversary Oration before the 
Philosophical Society, Noy. 22, 1815; which has since been 
published. ‘ 

VOL. I. ce death) 


674 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


death) Portraits of Mr. Peter Collinson, Dr. Ca- 
ming, and Dr. John Fothergill. In that volume 
Dr. Lettsom is frequently mentioned: with those 
expressions of regard which I most sincerely enter- 
tained for him; and I had fondly indulged the hope 
of gratifying him with the notices of a few only of 
his very numerous acts of beneficence. : 

The many instances of his public exertion did not 
escape public notice; and many Literary Societies, 
in various parts of Europe and America, enrolled the 
name of Dr..Lettsom among their Members. Asa 
proof of the respect entertained for him, he belonged 
to no less than Sixteen Universities. He was Doctor 
of Physic of the University of Leyden ; Doctor of 
Laws, Cambridge, Massachusetts; Licentiate of the 
Royal College of Physicians, London; Fellow of the 
Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh; Fellow of 
the Royal Societies of London and Edinburgh; Fel- 
low of the Society of Antiquaries, London; Fellow of 
the Linnean Society, London; Fellow of the Horti- 
cultural Society; Physician Extraordinary of the 
City of London Lying-in-Hospital; and of the Ge- 
neral, and Finsbury Dispensaries, London; Hono- 
rary Member of the Literary and Philosophical So- 
cieties of Manchester, Preston, and Philadelphia; 
Honorary Member of the Agricultural Society, Bath; 
Honorary Member of the Academy of Sciences, 
Montpelier. Of the Medical Society of London, he 
was for several years President; and was elected the 
first President of the Philosophical Society of London. 

He was chosen also to the Vice-presidencies, and 
delegated to the Treasuries, of various public cha- 
rities, and other benevolent instiutions; halfling his. 
duties to each with as high credit to himself, as comfort 
to those committed to his protection. 

Although, it is believed, Dr. Lettsom never was in 
North America, his literary acquaintance was very 
extensive in the new Continent; and the Americans 
appear to have appreciated it very highly, if we may 

judge 


DR, JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 675 


judge from the number of titles they conferred, as 
they comprise almost every honorary rank in their 

wer to bestow, in Philadelphia, New York, and 

assachusetts. In the first he was requested, by 
the Trustees of the Hospital, to transmit such a col- 
lection of books as he might judge suitable for that 
institution. He was elected into the Corporation of 
the Hospital of New York; and in the University of 
Cambridge there is a spacious room allotted to the 
Lettsomian cabinet of Natural History. 

The time was now arrived when a period was to 
be put to his many useful labours ; and the circum- 
stances connected with his dissolution are thus de- 
tailed by his ingenious Eulogist : 

“For some time past he had been attending 
a gentleman professionally—the case proved fatal, 
and Dr, Lettsom was desirous that the body should 
be examined; this was chiefly performed by the 
Doctor himself, on the 22nd of October. He re- 
mained in a cold room for two hours, after which he 
felt chilly and unwell, but not sufficiently so as to 
excite much alarm. On the 25th I received a note 
from him requesting to see me, . stating that he had 
not been ill for twenty-seven years before, that he 
now had a slight fever, from which he expected to 
recover in a few days, and that he was fearful it 
would not be prudent for him to attend the Philoso- 
phical Society on the morrow. q 

* On the 26th I visited him, and, alas! found him 
labouring under a strong rigor—(a severe cold shi- 
vering fit) indicative of approaching fever, and com- 
plaining of great soreness of his arms, which he con- 
sidered to be rheumatic. I immediately urged the 
necessity for great care, and requested he would see 
his friend Dr. Babington, He, however, observed 
that he should be better in a few days, and that he 
wished for no one to attend him, At that time he 
had a poor patient resident in Whitecross Street, 
whom he was determined to visit, against which his 

2X2 » _ friends 


676 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


friends strongly contended, but fruitlessly. He went 
out (this was on the 27th) and returned Titerally un- 
able to get out of his carriage, and suffering the most 
acute pain upon any attempt to be assisted. In the 
evening he was visited by his friends Dr. a 
and Mr. Norris, and was confined to his room. The 
next day his disease assumed a more distinct cha- 
racter, and he was unable to move in his bed with- 
out assistance, sustaining, with the greatest fortitude, 
the most excruciating pain. In this situation, his 
anxiety for his patients was unabated—he requested 
me to visit them, and was eager to know the progress 
of their diseases. Perpetual inquiry was directed to 
the Philosophical Society, and respecting the ar- 
rangements for the approaching Anniversary, con- 
cerning which he was so interested, that he said, pro- 
vided he was only able to sit, and not even to speak, 
on that occasion, he would attend it. rif 

“On the goth he appeared improved ; but on the 
31st great debility came on, attended with slight de- 
lirium, which terminated his valuable existence on 
Wednesday the 1st of November, 1815, between 
three and four o'clock in the morning, without a 
groan. Thus tranquilly terminated the existence of 
our much-loved Associate and President! 

“ His remains were interred, in the Friends’ Burial 
Ground, Little Coleman Street, Bunhill Row, on 
Tuesday the 7th of November. 

« Sit tibi terra levis.” 

The Doctor was of a cheerful disposition, and 
loved society. His person was tall, and he was al- 
ways of a spare habit.‘ In his deportment there 
was nothing peculiarly imposing; yet his manners 
were graceful; they had the affability and dignity of 
true politeness. ‘To the young and the humble he 
was always accessible, and singularly agreeable; for 
while they were sure of benefit from his advice, 
they had never to apprehend that they should be 
borne down by the display of his superiority.”— 

His 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 677 


His foibles (and who is without them?) are buried 
in-his grave; whilst the great preponderance of his 
merits, and more especially of his benevolence and. 
his alms-giving, idbortenes be forgotten; and the 
latest posterity will enroll his name among the Be- 
nefactors of the Human Race. 

As to his religious opinions, not renouncing the 
peculiar community in which he was brought up, 
yet above prejudices of any sect or society, he uni- 
formly pursued the conduct which. the magnani- 
mous Penn, one of its founders, pursued ;_ consider- 
ing in the light of a Frienp, every liberal and worthy 
man, without regard to any peculiarity of sentiments, 
or habits, when not repugnant to virtue, , His libe- 
rality of sentiment is proved by his Essay. on Reli- 
gious Persecution, which he printed for the purpose 
of presenting to his friends; and which is reprinted 
in the Second Volume of his “ Hints,” &c. 

* The character of a Man is perhaps best inferred 
from the general tendency of his writings; those of 
Dr. Lettsom were uniformly philanthropic; every 
page had for its object the public good, and the ele- 
vation of the human character, by the recommenda- 
tion of the performance of benevolent actions towards 
the relief of the indigent and sick.” To exemplify 
the’ truth of this observation, it is only necessary to 
refer generally to every Essay in his Collection of 
‘ Hints.” His ideas, and his practice, may indeed 
be briefly summed up in the following extract from 
the third volume of that work : 

“ He that does good tohis fellow-creatures, ac- 
cording to the means with which he is enabled, 
—— active religion and virtue; but the man, 

owever scrupulous and tenacious he may appear of 
maintaining the superior forms of, virtue, that doth 
not share amongst. his fellow-creatures in distress, 
the bounties pe al dispensed to him, is fit only 
for the unsocial limits of a monastery.” 


Again, 


678 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Again, in another part of that excellent work, . 
speaking of the miseries of the poor, he says, “I 
know it is often urged that the poor are improvident, 
and never avail themselves of opportunities of savin 
a pittance to provide against times of difficulty ; su 
as being out of work, visited with sickness, or assailed 
by the rigours of winter. I acknowledge,” he adds, 
“that too many come under this description; but 
let it be remembered, that one drunken or profligate . 
man makes more noise, and becomes more conspi- 
cnous, than a thousand starving, modest, industrious, 
and worthy persons; as one eclipse of the sun attracts 
more observation than the annual brightness of this 
luminary ; and cruel would it be, as it is unjust, to 
censure a whole class for the misconduct of a few 
individuals.” 

His writings are very numerous, as well moral as 
medical ; iad all of them discover the philanthro- 
pist and physician. The most important are, 

1. Reflections on the general Treatment and Cure 
of Fevers, 1772, 8vo. 

2. The Natural History of the Tea-tree, with Ob- 
servations on the medical qualities of Tea, and effects 
of Tea-drinking; 1772, 4to. Of this work there was 
a néw and enlarged edition, 1799, 4to.—The Thesis 
written for the author’s degree of Doctor at Leyden, 
on this subject, intituled “ Observationes ad Vires 
Thee pertinentes,” was published there, in a small 
quarto size, 1769. Pretixed isa folded plate, contain- 
ing two figures of tea-plants; which plate has not 
been copied in the subsequent editions. The disser- 
tation is dedicated to Dr. Fothergill, and to his me- 
dical preceptor Sutcliff. The enlarged editions every 
way improve upon the “ Thesis”: that of 1799 has 
five plates, four of which are beautifully coloured. 

3. Observations on the “ Plan proposed for estab- 
lishing a Dispensary and Medical Society, with For- 
mule Medicamentorum Pauperibus precipué ac- 
commodate,” 1772, 8vo. 


4. The 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 679 


4. The Naturalist’s and Traveller's Companion ; 
containing instructions for collecting and ing 
Objects of Natural History, 1774, Svo. Of this 
work a third edition was published in 1800. A 
fourth, and very much enlarged edition, is now pre- 
paring by Mr. Pettigrew. - 

5. Medical Memoirs of the General Dispensary 
in London, 1774, Svo. , 

6. Improvement of Medicine in London, on the 
Basis of Public Good, 1775, 8vo. j 

7. Observations preparatory to the use of Dr. 
Mayersbach’s Medicines, 1776, 8vo. Second edition, 
with an engraving of the Water Doctor from Teniers. 

8. History of the Origin of Medicine; and of the 
state of Physic prior to the Trojan War*. An Ora- 
tion delivered before the Medical Society of London, 
1778, 4to. 

9. A Letter to Sir Robert Barker, Knt. F. R. S. 
and George Stackpole, Esq. upon General Inocula- 
tion, 1779, 4to. 

10. The Works of John Fothergill, M. D. three 
volumes 8vo. and 1 vol. 4to. 1784. 

11. Memoirs of the Life of John. Fothergill, 
M. D. 8vo.—To the fourth edition of this work, Dr. 
Lettsom subjoined Memoirs of his friend Dr. Wil- 
liam Cuming, with several of his Letters. 

12. An Account of the Culture and Use of the 
Mangel Wurzel, or Root of Scarcity. Translated 
from the French of the Abbé de Commereil, 1787; 
fourth edition, corrected and enlarged, 1788, 4to. 
This plant, the Doctor, after convincing himself of 
its value by a series of experiments, strongly recom- 
mended for general cultivation; and although it did 
not meet with the success he wished, his exertions 
on the occasion cannot be too highly commended. 

* For the contents of this Oration, and a sketch of “ A His- 
tory of the Origin and Progress of Medicine, and its Professors, 
wpon a very extensive scale, which there is reason to regret that 
want of leisure did-not permit our Author to pursue,” see Mr. 
Pettigrew's Eulogy, pp. 56—58. - 

13. 


680 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


13. Observationson Human Dissections,1788,8vo. 
14. History of some of the Effects of Hard-drink- 
ing, 1789; published for the Philanthropic Society. 

15. Hints for promoting a Bee Society, 1796, 8vo. 

16. Hints, designed to promote Beneficence, 
Temperance, and Medical Science, 1801, 3 vols. 
8vo*; illustrated with Portraits in profile of many of 
his Friends; re-published in 1816, with Biogra- 
phical Memoirs, and Ten additional Plates. 

17. Recollections of Dr. Rush, 1815, 8vo. 

To the publications before mentioned may be 
added, the Travels of the unfortunate Captain Carver, 
of which Dr. Lettsom was not only the Editor, and 
wrote the Life, but was at the expence of the publi- 
cation +}, the benefits of which he appropriated to the 
amiable afflicted widow and fatherless offspring of 
that brave Officer; supplying the forlorn family, be- 
sides this, with the means of every comfort that hu- 
manity and friendship could administer, not only till 
the profits of the book could come round, but as long 
‘after as was necessary to their accommodation. 

A little effusion of Dr. Lettsom’s pen, under the 

title of ““ Hints to Masters and Mistresses respecting 
Female Servants,” was originally intended merely for 
circulation among private friends, but could not pos- 
sibly be too widely dispersed t. 
- ‘Phe Doctor, also, some years ago, circulated, on a 
half sheet of paper, a singular Scale of Health; the 
hints for which, he acknowledged to have derived 
from his friend Dr. Rush. 

Several of his Medical Essays, &c. occur in the 
Philosophical Transactions—Memoirs and Transac- 
tions of the Medical Society of London—the Bath 
Society Memoirs, &c. &c. 


* Most of the Essays in this Collection had been published se- 
parately, at various periods of the Doctor's Life. 
+ The Plates of these “* Travels” I possess by purchase. 
¢ It is re-printed in “ Hints,” &c, Vol. IJ. p. 249. I 
n 


‘DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 681 


In the first part of Vol. I. of the Transactions 
of the Medical Society, 1810, isa Memoir by Dr. 
Lettsom, of Mr. William Hewson the Lecturer, 
the pupil of John Hunter; and a Memoir of Dr. 
James Johnstone * of Worcester, also written by Dr. 
Lettsom, will shortly make its appearance, in the 
Second Part of the same Volume. 

He was a frequent Correspondent in the Gentle- 
man’s Magazine on a variety of subjects; and feel- 
ingly seconded the efforts of his friend the philan- 
thropic Neild, towards the improvement of Fridons, 
and the amelioration of the condition of Prisoners, 
ina series of no less than LXXVIE Prefatory Letters. 


* See the Epitaphs on Dr. Johnstone and on his Son, both 
from the nervous pen of my excellent Friend Dr. Parr, in the 
« Literary Anecdotes,” vol. VII, p. 496. 


Extracts from Dr. Lerrsom’s Letters to Mr.Nicnots, 


July 15, 1781. ‘ The communication of Dr. Fothergill’s Let- 
ter, solicited only by Advertisement, I consider as an obliging 
instance of politeness ; and I purpose to call in Red Lion 
to acknowledge it. I think in the month of May I inserted a defence 
of Dr. Fothergill, respecting the affair with Dr. Leeds t. In conse- 
quence of this, Dr. Cuming wrote to Dr. Fothergill’s surviving sister, 
expressing his approbation of my piece, and his offers of friend- 
ship in communicating his correspondence with our deceased 
friend. This induced me to write to Dr. Cuming, who was be- 

_ fore unknown to me; and, sent him some franks to facilitate his 
proposed communications. I daily expect to hear from him, 
and hope for useful information. I shall take care of thy letter, 
and return it some time hence. J 

“*Could’st. thou collect any anecdotes of Peter Collinson, by 
way of Preface to his Life, which I shall insert as part of Dr. 
Fothergill’s Works? Respectfully yours, J.C, Lerrsom.” 

«« July 17, 1781. 1 will take care of the sheet of letter-press, 
which Mr. Nichols has obligingly favoured me with, and return 
it when copied.—I did not know any thing about Dr. Fothergill’s 
Collection of Heads, until it was too late to purchase them. 
The major part of his Library of Natural History was bought for 


+ See Gent. Mag. vol. LI. p. 205. 
me 


682 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


me at the late sale of his books. The Heads were purchased for 
e&.150 by Snelling, perhaps the son of the Jate Author on Coins. 
1am in daily expectation of a letter and packet from Dr. Cuming ; 
and am thy assured friend, J.C. Lerrsom.” 

« Dear Mr. Nicuots, June 20, 1786. 

« To evince my approbation of erecting a MONUMENT to com- 
memorate the god-like actions of the living Howaxp, I inclose 
adraught for ten guineas, to be appropriated to that pes1en *. 
—Persuaded as I am, that his character and writings will 
survive the most durable monument of friendship ; yet such an 
example of approbation appears to me calculated to promote 

beneficial purposes, though it cannot augment the zeal of 
this amiable man in the pursuit of lessening human misery. 
Public approbation of private and public virtues, whilst it ac- 
knowledges a debt due to intrinsic merit, reflects the highest 
honour on the community; for to reward virtue is a pleasing 
proof of its prevalence ; and that it does prevail, the MonUMENT 
of Howarp will testify. — Virtue, whether shining in the pub- 
lic walks of life, or emitting the soft rays of human benevolence 
in the dungeons of misery, will ever obtain its own reward 
beyond all the powers of sculpture ; but to exhibit that evidence 
to the publick, to excite emulation in virtuous pursuits, and to 
induce spectators to go and do likewise, nothing seems more 
conducive than a Monument toHowarp. The present moment, 
during his absence in Turkey, is the most proper to accomplish 


« * The attention of the Publick was drawn to the subject by the fol- 
lowing Advertisement ; which was penned by the Rey. Dr. John Warner, 
with whom the first idea originated : 
“Many sincere Admirers of Mr. Howarp, 
“ The Friend to every Clime, a Patriot of the World,”’ 

anxious that his transcendent Philanthropy may not wait for the tardy, 
and, as it should seem, almost unwilling gratitude, of posthumous ac- 
knowledgment from the public, entertain a hope, from the hint thrown 
out in the ** Gentleman’s Magazine” for May, and so nobly improved upon 
in that for June, that a Statue may be erected to him to perpetuate the 
memory of it, before it be taken from mortal eyes, and during his absence 
upon a God-like errand which carries him to Turkey, to try to restrain 
the ravages of the Plague. And who knows not with how truly Christian 
aspirit and undaunted courage he before went about doing good; how 
gloriously he bas devoted a great part of his Life and Property to repeated 
visits to most of those mansions of Misery and Infection, the Gaols of 
Europe ; and how many a weary prisoner whom he came unto has been 
bound to bless him, for+be removal of at least some horror, for the alle- 
viation of at least some anguish, which, with the iron entered inte his soul, 
when it was cast down and disquieted within him! Those persons there- 
fore, who, feeling like Men, Christians, and Englishmen, the exalted 
merit which dues so much honour to their Nature, their Religion, and 
their Country, wish to avail themselves of the humble Possessor’s absence 
for the pleasure of expressing that feeling, in the doing something to- 
wards erecting such a Monument of public gratitude to Him, and of en- 
couragement to equal virtue, if it be possible, in others, are hereby invited 
to send their contributions to Messrs. Gosiincs, Bankers, Fleet-street 5 
Dr. Lerrsom, Basinghall-street ; or to J. NicHos, Printer, Red Lion 
Passage, Fleet-street.”” 

such 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 683 


sucha pEsicn. With goodnesss of heart he unites exemplary 
humility; and a perfection of mind, rarely equalled, is veiled by 
a modesty that shuns praise and adulation: but the public ap- 
plause, which is due to great and virtuous actions, cannot be 
ungrateful to the God-like breast of Howarp.—Suppose, there- 
fore, the first rive persons who subscribe ren Guineas each, or 
upwards, be appointed a Committee to carry such a DEsiGN into 
execution* ; which Committee may be afterwards augmented, by 
selecting from the subscribers at large, such persons whose taste 
and abilities may further assist in designing a MoNUMENT to 
Howarp.—If this paper be thought worthy of insertion in the 
Gentleman's Magazine, I have no objection to its publication ; 
nor have I any to being appointed to receive subscriptions with 
any banker or bankers, further to insure suecess. — As there are 
many circumstances si in the conduct of Howarp, which 
tend to his security, besides cleanliness, | thought of adding some 
outlines of his history but, fearful of diverting the public atten- 
tion from the subject of a Monument, | have refrained from such 
addition, though, would it prove acceptable, I could perhaps 


“ Dear Deputy, Aug. 31, 1795. 
“have just heard by Dr. Hawes, that a Sermon is to be 
preached at Greenwich, in favour of the Humane Society, on the 
20th of September. I will endeavour to attend on the occasion, 
and further hope for the favour of thycompany, with Mr. Pridden’s. 
It always gives me pleasure to see the Deputy. I always fancy 
my heart grows bigger in his company; or rather, I may say 
with Ned Hyde, before he was Chancellor, ‘ I never thought so 
highly of myself, as when I was the least in the company.’ I 
expect Dr, Hawes ; Mr. Thompson, V. P.; Deputy Witherby, 
Dr. Milne, &e. What a group of benevolence will then con- 
centrate under my roof! May it again and again recur, before 
we meet in the Elysian Fields. Though I doubt not there we 
shall be indulged with social and spiritually friendly meetings 
and visitations. Might I be permitted to arrive there, I would 
ask no greater blessings of the Author of all Blessings, than an 
extensive garden with groves and shades to receive the Deputies, 
and all our Colleagues. You will never be tired there ; so many 
antiquities unexplored, and infinity of curious anecdotes of illus- 
trious characters, would occupy billions of years. Instead of 
going to Lichfield, you would spend a century or two (as we 
poor reptiles here at bent centuries) with Saturn. I beg pardon, 
not with Saturn so long; with him only a pop-visit: but how 
long with Venus I ween not. In this journey I would take a 
part of your car ; oe snap emperor Mars. 
**1 have promised Hawes, that the stream running through 
my Hesperides should flow like the Serpentine River near his 
* Such a Committee was very soon formed; and, amongst the most 
active Members of it, was the elder Mr. Whitbread, é 
mansion, 


ied ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


d ling machine, tobacco ae low-pipe, ever 
oe pe a invented. Drs. ee and oe st 
preaching for eternal resuscitation, and ot! wo 

for a works should ever be de iy Mr. Pridden 
will have time to write a Margate Guide ; and should Doctor An- 
derson* come longing to our Elysian Committee, that will restore 
his equilibrium, if Styx itself do not. But adieu, and take care of 
thyself, that we may not meet there soon; as this Globe has 
comforts for the Deputy and his sincere friend, “ C. Lertsom.” 

«Dear BroruEr TRAVELLER, jept.7, 1798. 

“Tam now at our comrade Charles Dilly’s, racemes 
new edition of my Tea-plant ; and having our Pp fixed 
for your press, we eran to have it pak is tely under its pres- 
sure; and, as your son is coming into business, it is with usa 
stronger inducement to send to you. But as he is beginning 
business, he must begin with a new type; for as all authors ex- 
pect the whole world will read their performances, I can enter- 
tain no doubt of my child's admission every where, and particu- 
larly among the ladies ; and hence I am more anxious of his 
appearing well dressed. Your friend, J.C. Lertsom.” 

“ Sept. 14, 1799. I once mentioned to you a wish I had, 
to collect a narrative of the rise and progress of Howard's statue; 
and you kindly intimated, that you could supply me with the 

‘oper documents {. If you could spare them for about a week, 
Pvould oblige your friend, J.C. Lertsom.” 

«« Jan. 19, 1800, I want your head, but not off your shoulders. 
When convenient, however, I should be obliged to you to call 
upon Betham in Fleet-street, and sit for your profile, about the 
usual size as you may see in the window; and when you have 
sat, and I am informed, I will call at Betham's about the mode 
of framing it for Your friend, J.C. Lerrsom.” 

« Dear Mr. Nicuots, - Dec, 16, 1800, 

« Accept my thanks for oan valuable present §, which I shall 
ever estimate in a particular manner, from the esteem I have for 
the donor, and from the kind manner of his conveying it. J.C, L.” 

“« March 25, 1801. In my publication, | mean to introduce 
the profiles of those respectable characters who have been Foun- 
ders of, or particularly active in, the Institutions to be described, 
David Williams was the Founder of the Society for a Lite- 

rary Fund; and I should be very happy to have the favour of 
presing his Silhouette tothe history of this interesting Society ; 
ut not having the honour of his acquaintance, I am induced to 

* Dr. John Anderson was then a resident at Margate, as Physician to 
the General Sea-bathing Infirmary. His medical abilities were unquesti- 
onable ; but, unfortunately, his temper was so irascible, that he was con- 
tinually i in hot water even with his best Friends. See the “Literary Anec- 


dotes,” vol. IX. p. 186. 
+ Dr. Lettsom, Mr. Py, and Mr. Nichols, were just returned from 
Margate. t See Dr. Lettsom’s “ Hints,’ &c, vol, IL. p. 226, 


§ A very curious Edition of Horace, 
trouble 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. © 685 


trouble you, to request that he would permit Mr. Myers in ‘the 
Strand, to take a shade for me. You know he will be in very 
good company ; such as a Blizard, a Neild, a Colquhoun, and 
similar characters ; and: this permission would not only oblige 
me; but I trust even serve the Society, by diffusing a knowledge 
of it. Every head is now completed for the Work, except this 
I now request; and I have much hopes in your application, ‘as 
our cause is good. I am sincerely, &c. J.C. Lerrsom.” 

«* Dec. 24, 1805. The attack on our friend Neild in . your last 
Magazine demands an early reply ; and, if it be not too late, I 
wish the Letter I now send might appear, instead of that I sent 
you, which may come in on the subsequent month. I know 
our worthy friend at Chelsea feels very much from the Letter of 
his Brother Magistrate Mr. Frith. Neild has seen my MS. and is 
satisfied with it; and it would add to his satisfaction were this 
answer to appear immediately. If you should take the trouble 
of reading it, I think you will deem it moderate, manly, and 
decisive. I have avoided all severe language, and introduced 
dispassionate-argument. If I judge right, as an old man (I 
hope not partial to his worst productions), it is the best letter 
yet written by yours sincerely, J.C. Lerrsom.” 

«« Neild is very poorly indeed, confined to his chamber, He 
begs to have a copy to correct.” : 

“© Dec. 26, 1805. I have the pleasure to send some plates of 
Grovehill ; and at the same time request your acceptance of 
Maurice’s Poem on that spot. Arch is the possessor of the eopy- 
right; and, perhaps, he would, as a sort of Brother profession- 
ally, give you a set of the wooden prints, as a further illustra- 
tion of Lysons—The inclosed card will explain when I am at 
home to pay bills, as well as to see patients. J.C. Lerrsom.” 

« June 6, 1807. I will endeavour to command Monday the 
15th of June, to spend it at your Tusculum. Youcheer me with 
the prospect of meeting old friends, like oaks in forests, which 
have resisted the injuries of the weather; yet with their tops dry 
and withered, they may yet overlook the young surrounding trees, 

« Trunco, non frondibus efficit umbram.” J.C. Lertsom.” 

“ May 21, 1808. When'I had a family of Children, I was anx- 
ious to collect various subjects of Natural History, &c. both for 
instruction and amusement at home: but they are all settled 
from me; and I should now be willing to dispose of a portion of 
my Collection to the Surrey Institution, with the greater plea- 
sure, as I could still have access to them. 

«* Of Minerals there is a pretty complete collection. 

“Of Mechanical and Philosophical instruments, those from 
which Ferguson formerly lectured. 

‘* Of Books too big for my private collection, Boydell’s Shake- 
speare the ¢enth subscription, Bowyer’s History of England. 

' «© My view is, that if the Managers should think them objects 
worthy of their attention, they might be seen by any competent 
person, and after the valuation, to deduct 5 per cent. in favour of 
the Institution. J.C. sae 

« May 


686 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


~ © May 24, 1808. I do not imagine that my presence is neces- 
sary, we dro proper. 1 thought that, if the Jostitution wished 
to avail itself of an elegant assortment at a moderate expence, 
it would be an opportunity that might not offer. Indeed 
half the collection would be ample as r bmperrd for lec- 
, &e. Tam , .C. TSOM.” 
“ March 24, pri. seins ther the bequest of your old 
friend Mr. Gough to the Royal Humane Society; and with still 
more pleasure of his recollection of personal esteem to you. I 
warmly approve of the whole inscription, &c. on our deceased 
friend Dr. Hawes. Perhaps you may favour me with a few co- 
pies to accompany the tribute you previously sent me. 
“ Yours sincerely, J.C. Lerrsom.” 

“ March 2%, 1809.-I wish much to have a moment's conver- 
sation with you, respecting the Report of the present Anniver- 
sary of the Royal Humane Society. Can you command any time 
from six to twelve to-night? 1 have been harassed with pro- 
fessional avocations, beyond the command of time, but I will 
command to night if requisite. 1 am sincerely, 

J.C. Letrsom ; super Strata Viarum*.” 

« April 20, 1809. As Capt. Goodall (Christophe’s Admiral) is a 
Steward of the Humane Society, should you approve a Report to be 
sent for Christophe, who gives £.20 per annum, it might be deli- 
vered at the Anniversary, after the Report of his donation. Should 
a Report be presented to the Lord Mayor, I think it would be 
well and decently applied, as we cannot get too many friends in 
the Court of Aldermen ; but this I submit to you. My wish is, 
that as we shall need the animation of our departed Founder, 
we must exert ourselves in the best manner, to join propriety 
and dignity in our proceedings. I think we shall have a re- 
spectable Anniversary, with more of the Vice-presidents than we 
have recently been favoured with. Iam, &c. J.C. Lerrsom.” 

‘ Jan. 24, 1810. Tinclose you some lines which I thought, 
from what you intimated to me, might be introduced respecti 
Dr. Mitchell +; which, if you judge any how admissible, alter 
and use them as you please. I hope the paper I inclose by Dr. 
Mitchell might suitably appear in your Magazine. J.C. Lerrsom.” 

« April 14, 1810. As Mr. Curwen is now proceeding in the 
House of Commons to procure a reward to Captain Manby of 
«£2000; might it not be advisable to send Mr. Curwen the 
present sheets of the Report? On the Anniversary Festival, I 


* The prodigious extent of Dr. Lettsom’s correspondence has been 
noticed before, in pp. 660, 661; and it is well known that he scarcely 
ever omitted to answer, almost"immediately, every Letter he received. He 
had indeed the pen of a ready writer, and seldom wasted a single mo- 
ment. He rose early, and sat up late; and not a few of his hours were 
devoted to making Indexes to several of his books: but the Letters to 
his friends were frequently written, currente calamo, whilst the wheels 
of his chariot were rolling over the streets of the Metropolis. 

+ An eminent Physician at New York; of whom some Memoirs anda 
Portrait are given in Gent. Mag. vol. LXXX. pp. 33. 614. 

mean 


DR. JOHN COAKLEY LETTSOM. 687 


mean to make a very short Speech ; but in it to introduce slightly 
the case of the young woman, p. 45 (first paragraph only), and 
then propose that some one should read to the Meeting Mr. 
Pridden’s excellent Letter, p. 47*, which I think would 
‘produce a happy effect; for in it every thing is interesting 
and appropriate ; and it will be entirely novel to the Meeting, 
On Monday I shall hope for your opinion. [ am, &e, J.C. L.” 

«* June 22, 1810. I hope for an opportunity of seeing you 
respecting the print of my Island and Birth-placet, as the subject 
is connected with too many circumstances to explain in a Letter. 

“ Yours sincerely, J.C. Lerisom.” 

“ Feb, 23, 1811. I hope you are proceeding with the engraving 
of Dr. Hawes’s Tablet; and I wish particularly to receive from 
you, asearly as you can favour me with it, the account of the 
Tablet ; that I may add if requisite, and prepare by the first of 
March to go to press with the Report, that matters may not be 
hurried just before the Festival. Iam, &. J.C, Lerrsom.” 

“Dear Mr. Bowyer Nicuots, Nov. 18, 1811. 

“In consequence of the Letter of the Committee of the Royal 
Humane Society, on the affair of the Medal, an allusion is 
made to some improvement, in consequence of the useful expe- 

* riments of Captain Manby. As a man of taste, you know from 
Roman and Grecian models, that simplicity and unity of design 
constitute the beautiful and elegant; and every person whom I 
haye consulted, has expressed his approbation of our medal, 
which is scarcely rivalled by antiquity ; and, in my humble opi- 
nion, it is so perfect in the leading attributes of medallic expres- 
sion, as to preclude any addition without injury. The whole 
design, with the most elegant simplicity, in a single figure, 
comprizes a narrative of the Humane Society, in the act of re- 
storing suspended life. It is a volume in epitome; and I should 
be grieved to see this noble monument of taste and judgment 
frittered away on subjects of dubiety, and any abstraction of 
the leading object introduced. Do weigh this matter against 
the time when Tous you will meet your friend, J.C. Lerrsom.” 

« Dear Mr. Bowyer, Jan. 25, 1812. 

“J thank you sincerely for an excellent likeness of your excel- 
lent Father, which I value the more from a recollection of unde- 
viating friendship of upwards of 30 years duration. J.C. L.” 

“Dear Mr. Bowyer, Feb. 7, 1812. 

“T now send you the copy of the Report of the Royal Humane 
pp I regret that I have acted for so many Governors with- 
outaid, lest my endeavours may not have answered their expec- 
tations ; and hence, during the printing, I shall hope for such 
hints and improvements as may occur to you. | have so far im- 
proved the third section, as to enable any person, without the 
aid of an apparatus, to act with probable success. Experience 


* Of the Annual Report of the Royal Humane Society in 1810, 


See before, p. 657, 
t 2 Pe had * 


of this mars tam be Lf 
Bowyer, Apri o a 


: ae Fao, b buteven lessen ba, of ourworthy 
The Report will any extracts 
Soest vor any other performance t will stand more 
hope 1 can persuade our Reverend Friend 

veer the same. You and I have: sa no little trouble 
hee eilicasion: and with other t ssing upon my time 


ears, Vong for muiet.and retreat. Sinc rely yours, J.C. L.” 
Oie'ite ang Ace. os depends upon epee is co ie 
the Royal Humane Soci: ha you 
Gr Ben: draw up something pists at services and 
usefulness of Mr. Beaumont to ni apt og aot 
oe Mr, Pemmment. hl draw up some aera ha Mr. 
rookes’ ropes wi rowni persons out water. 
Of the nature and Sate thee Ropes | am m ignorant Gt 
wait for Dr. n's editors Lage ie eae some €x- 
eae of it i Printer. Tas oe emb : 1 


_ “Yours respectfully, 


J ae 
“ Dear Mr, Nicioxs, oe 
aa Thave read and | approve of Reto 


Neild, I will write to his Son, to get, if oats, some mate- 
rials, -riom what he has occasionally said to me, Idid expect 


he has not even left a will If, however, no part of his biography 
remains with his Son, I think I could patch up something; and 
certainly it should be at your service, though I have ‘some 
other applications on the subject. I am, &c. J, C. Lerrsom.” 

«© March 14, 1814, Mr. Neild has wrote to me, saying he 
possesses extensive memoirs of his Father, which he hopes, in a 
few weeks, to transmit to your friend, J.C, Lerrsom.” 

«© Nov. 11, 1814. You have condensed an excellent epitome 
of the Memoirs of our deceased friend Dr. Anthony Fothergill *, 
which meets my approbation, ‘J want much to prepare some ac- 
count of James Neild, the Visitor of Prisons; but, alas! tempus 
fallet, et forsan semper fallebit, to the exertions of J. C.Letrsoy.” 

* See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IX. p. 211. 
JAMES 


JAMES | NEILD Esq? 
High hee, acon 4 hs, 1804, At, 602 
Bei Cecanes ‘yy Sf 2 Deve (op “, 66 
lp 


One of tea Ungoutys aching Jucativcs f thot Leace fer the 
Counties of BUCKINGHAM, KENT a ad » MIDDLESEX, ano the 
ere ent OT i nmackon of Me SocimTy 
fr fhe RELIEF oS foro snprrésened for S2240n DEBT 


( 689) 


JAMES NEILD, ESQ. 


The exertions of this worthy man in behalf of 
the unfortunate have long endeared his name in the 
hearts of those who can feel for the woes of others. The ~ 
ardour and spirit of humanity which rendered him 
one of the most active Institutors of a Society* which 


* This excellent Institution derives its origin from a Sermon 
preached by the Rev. Weeden Butler at Charlotte Chapel, Pim- 
lico, and at Bedford Chapel, Bloomsbury, in the month of 
February, 1772. ‘To afford relief for the miseries of those unfor- 
tunate persons, who are cruelly secluded from society by impri- 
sonment for inconsiderable debts, was a powerful claim upon 
the Preacher's humanity. It had struck his own mind with the 
deepest compassion, and his arguments, therefore, failed not to 
communicate and impress the Tike tender feeling upon his respec- 
tive audiences. The collection then made, amounted to eighty- 
one pounds one shilling. A general approbation of the idea was 
de¢lared ; and a set of gentlemen readily formed themselves into 
a Committee, to search out proper objects, and distribute dona- 
tions with the utmost @conomy. The distress and extreme 
wretchedness to which they were eye-witnesses, on visiting the 
several Gaols of the Metropolis, strongly affected their sensibility ; 
and the more so, as it was soon found that many other objects 
still remained undischarged, without the means of relief. ‘They 
determined, therefore, to give the Publick an account of their 
proceedings, in hopes that it might operate as an incitement to 
help forward so humane a purpose , and thus enable them to 
accomplish their wishes on a more extensive scale, Accordingly, 
in April 1772, they advertized a Report, specifying the manner 
in which they had expended the bounty of a few individuals ; and 
“ that with fourscore pounds they had happily released thirty-four 
prisoners ; most of whom had large families, and appeared to 
be worthy and useful members of society; some of them were 
confined only Abd their fees, and the debts of others the Commit- 
tee compounded upon the best terms they could. They expressed 
a great regret at the thought of leaving behind them, various 
other imprisoned suppliants; nineteen of whom appeared to be 
the greatest objects of compassion, and might all be discharged 
for less than one hundred pounds ; and of the rest, many were 
evidently such as well deserved to share the mercy of the publie, 
if it were possible, by future contributions, to extend that bles- 
sing to them. Their views were instantly seconded by a liberal 
and well-disposed Publick, ee“ soon found themselves enabled. 

Vor. U. Y , te 


690 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
has proved incalculably beneficial to thousands, 
continued, till the close of his mortal existence, to 


to reach out the hand of pity to a very large number of miserable 
sufferers in ooatnnmens aoe car May, 1773, ey tdlow: ‘ 


the commencement o! f the 
ween was published te ae Amey Account : Ae 
TS eens tot 12922 11 100 


‘Didaermens to dchang jones . 2892 19) 4 
Leaving in their hands a balance of - 29 12 6 


In_ the earliest infancy of their plan, the Committee were 
ba ine enough to expect so liberal an encouragement ; 
ie did not at first take an accurate account of the 
pet and eresen ake prisoners gy op vegan from an 
inspection of their it appears, that at the period in 
tion, to the 986 prisoners above-mentioned as discharged, t Ysa 
belonged 566 wives, and 2389 children ; making in all (3941 
souls, essentially relieved by means of the public humanity. | 
the greater number of objects released were manufacturers, sea- 
men, and labourers, whose usefulness, long cut off from exercise 
by confinement, was thus restored to the community, The 
Charity, of course, was found to.claim a serious attention, not 
merely from the avowed humanity of its purpose, but also from 
the eat which it afforded to society at large ; and which, 
in a commercial country, like ours, could not of striking 
conviction upon every judicious mind. It likewise appeared, 
a review of the Committee's books, that various consideral le 
debts, to the amount of twelve thousand pounds and upwards, 
had been so compounded and reduced, as to bring the objects 
relieved in those instances, within the scope of their first inten- 
tion—and to which they have ever since invariably adhered ; 
namely, to include “ such prisoners only whose respective debts, 
or the composition for whose debts, should not exceed the sum of 
Ten Pounns.” By this means a two-fold benefit was secured : 
for, at the time of compounding such larger debts, the Com- 
mittee constantly paid an equal attention to the peculiar circum- 
stances, both of the Creditor, and of his helpless Debtor. A 
progress so rapid and animating, naturally gave ardour to the 
of its pin en It was considered, indeed, and owned, as 
one of those Great EVENTs from LITTLE Causes, which lift the 
eye to Heaven in admiration, and expand the human heart. The 
rich cordial of benevolence was now largely flowing out, ca 
upon a once barren soil; and the desert became a fruitful i 
Thus encouraged to persevere in the good work, the gen' 
originally concerned, determined to omit no means of giving 
it dignity, stability, and success: application was accordingly 
made for that purpose; and, on the 5th of May, 1773, at a 
General Meeting of Benefactors, the Socizry was constituted. 
At 


, JAMES NEILD, ESQ. ; 691, 


animate his exertions; andito give expansion to his en- 
deavours to seek out misery in the dark recesses of 
confinement, in order to succour it, by feeding the 
hungry, and restoring liberty to the captive. 
In 1786 Mr. Neild was'a zealous Promoter of the 
Statue intended to have been erected in honour of 
Mr. Howard *, his Precursor in the labour. of love, 


At the same Meeting the Rules and Orders were settled ; 
and the following Officers were appointed : NOG 
The Right Hon. Lord Romney, President ; Right Hon. Lord 
Chief Baron Smythe, Right Hon. Lord Viscount Beauchamp t, 
Right Hon. Mr. Justice Nares, John Thornton, Esq. Vice- 
Presidents ; Mr. Neild, Treasurer ; Mr. Nelme, Secretary. 
Such were the singular triumphs of philanthropy at a very early 
period of the Institution: the little spark was now roused and 
animated into a genial flame : and it is pleasing to remark, that 
an experience of now more than seven and twenty years hath fully 
evinced its justice and propriety; while it hath also superadded 
many other arguments of a most cogent nature, to encourage 
and support the benevolent design. y wees 
* Of this, one proof appears in a Letter to Dr. Lettsom: 
«Str, ' Craven Street, Strand, Sept. 20, 1786, 
« As Governors of the * Society for the Relief and Discharge of 
Persons imprisoned for small Debts,’ we request you to forward 
the inclosed twelve guineas, in approbation of your excellent 
proposal, for erecting a Statue to the honour of Mr. Howarp, 
and to promote a permanent fund for tlie comfort of poor pri- 
soners, To your heart it may afford a peculiar satisfaction, to 
have this small addition of our names to your list of subscribers. 
We readily embrace this opportunity to assure you, that, having 
frequently been eye-witnesses of complicated distress, on visiting 
not only the prisons in and about the Metropolis, but also many 
of the far distant county gaols, where misery still more abounds ; 
and having, in consequence, felt "very much for the unhi PPY 
sufferers, we are fully impressed with the propriety of the’ de- 
sign, and wish to see it so executed, as to perpetuate in fhe 
most respectable manner the memory of a truly honest man; whom 
we cannot but consider as a Patriot in the noblest sense of the word, 
and a Philanthropist of the highest drder. Were the free, the ricli, 
and the happy, of our countrymen, to have heard but half the 
tales of woe which have come to our ears, or to have beheld a 
few of those scenes of misery to which our situation has often 
painfully introduced us, no farther argument could be needed, to 
stimulate their pity ; they would be eager to encourage a’ plan; 
which must always reflect a dignity on the public gratitude and 
humanity of Great Britain. Indeed, Sir, such trials of compas- 
+ The present Marquis of Hertford. 
22 sion 


692 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


In 1800 Mr. Neild, after having for nearly 30 
years been the happy witness of the increasing bene- 
fits resulting from his favourite Institution, which 
had now arrived at some maturity, undertook the 
task of being its Historian, by publishing “ An 
Account of Persons confined for Debt in the various 
Prisons of England and Wales; together with their 
provisionary Allowance during Continement, as re- 
ported to the Society for the Discharge and Relief of 
Small Debtors, in April, May, June, &c. 1800." * 


sionas result from the actual survey of sorrow in imprisonment 
are alone wanting to affect the most thoughtless voluptuary, or 
to melt down the hardest heart—From our own experience, 
therefore, of Mr. Howarn’s peculiar merits, no less than asa 
just tribute to his praise, we sincerely hope that all whe can will 
chearfully contribute their share, both towards the erection of 
the Statue proposed, and to establish a continual Fund of Charity 
for the benefit of friendless prisoners ; which latter good work, 
to the mind of Howarp, will certainly be received as the highest 
of gratifications. ‘To honour our country,—do honour to him.” 
We are, Sir, with great esteem, your much obliged, and obe- 

dient humble servants, he. 

Sir Robert Taylor, Bart. 

Rev. Dr. Mar! 

Rev. Richard Harrison 

William Townsend, Esq. 

Robert Mangles, Esq. 

Mr. Dawes 

Spontaneous [Rev. Weeden Butler +] 

James Neild 


Doe we RR 
De Bell cele 
ccoococconp 


Dr. Letrsom’s Answer : 

«« Your pathetic Letter, inclosing a generous subscription of 
twelve guineas toward the Howardian Fund, afforded me si 
satisfaction, in experiencing the approbation of gentlemen of 
such distinguished characters. At the same time, the interest 
which you take in every thing that may contribute to lessen the 
distresses of our fellow creatures, and the feeling manner in 
which you have related them, moves me to sympathize with you 
over the scenes of misery to which your situation has often pain- 
fully introduced you ; and, wishing to unite with you in your 
humane endeavours, accept my draft of ten guineas, and con- 
sider me as anannual subscriber of two guineas, for the relief and 
discharge of persons imprisoned for small debts, J.C. Larrsom.” 

* In an Advertisement to this Work, Mr. Neild observes, 
“To the considerate reader of the following statement, a few 
observations must naturally occur :—He will feel for their pitiable 

+ See pp. 689. 703. 
situation, 


JAMES NEILD, Es@. : 693 


The more immediately active Members of the 
Society were so impressed with a sense of the pirat | 
of this publication, that they unanimously resolved, 
Feb. 17, 1801, “ ‘That the Thanks of this Society 
be given to James Neild, Esq. our worthy Treasurer, 
for his very laudable, humane, and useful exertions, 
in promoting the benefits of this Institution ; par- 
ticularly by his.late publication.” 

About the same time Dr. Lettsom, having re- 
turned his thanks for a copy of this ‘interesting 
performance, received the following answer : 

“J have the honour of yours; and feel myself 
extremely gratified by the approbation you are 


situation, who, though confined in prison, have, in some in- 
stances, no support at all provided for them: in many, scarcely 
bread to eat sufficient to sustain life; and whose case, therefore, 
very powerfully calls for the humane interposition of the magis- 
trate. He will find, with painful astonishment, that, after eight 
and twenty years since the institution of the Society for the Re- 
lief and Discharge of Debtors, no less than twenty-five prisons in 
England and Wales, some of them in large populous towns, and 
others very near the Metropolis, ‘ never heard of’ so amiable and 
excellent a charity! The fact is on record, from the avowal of 
the respective Gaolers ; and it must have considerably lessened 
the intended benefit deducible from the Society's plan, The 
Committee have now distributed their painted boards of instruc- 
tion throughout the various gaols; and sincerely hope. that the 
Magistracy, in every district of the kingdom, will kindly further 
the views of this Society, by an occasional inquiry into the state 
of ‘imprisoned debtors ; and by an inspection, now and then, 
into the manner of their treatment and accommodation in the 
dyeary abodes of human wretchedness. 
“Ah! little think the gay, licentious proud, 

Whom pleasure, power, and affluence, surround ; 

They, who their thoughtless hours in giddy mirth 

And wanton, often cruel riot, waste : 

Ah! little think they, while they dance along, 

How many pine in want, and dungeon glooms, 

Shut from the common air, and common use 

Of their own limb! how many drink the cup _ 

Of baleful grief or eat the bitter bread 

Of misery !—For, sure, th’ awakening thought 

‘The conscious heart of charity would warm ; 

The social tear would rise, the social sigh ; 

‘The social passions work !" , Tomson. 


pleased 


694 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


pleased to express of my humble endeavours to 
alleviate the sorrows of the afflicted. The book 
which is published is an abridgement of a folio 
MS. in which the names, dates of commitment, 
and sums for which each individual is confined, are 
inserted ; the publication of it would be too volu- 
minous for perusal, and cruel to their relatives. T 
have endeavoured to shew ‘the wretched state of 
some prisons, and the great inequality of provision 
for the debtor, with as much brevity as possible, 
that it may be read by the Great. Where I have 
found the Gaoler haimane and merciful, I have men- 
tioned it, to encourage the same disposition in the 
others. Having, during a period of 28 years, vi- 
sited most of the Prisons in England, I know fully 
how much a Gaoler has it in his power to forward 
or retard the works of mercy, sot 
- “TJ have just begun inquiries of each, to know 
which. of the persons (arranging their names alpha- 
betically) are discharged, or yet in their custody ; 
by this means no person can remain very totigts 
prison without my knowing the reason. ate 

“The separation of debtors and vagrants from fe- 
lons has often excited the attention of your most 
obliged and faithful humble servant, James Nerp.”* 


* In another Letter to Dr. Lettsom, written about the same 
time, Mr. Neild says, “ When I acknowledge the receipt of an 
polite Letter, I cannot accompany it with any thing which I am 
sure will be so grateful to your feelings, as the statement of 
those debtors who remain in prison, out of the number included 
in my published Report. Some of these are under particular, 
and others very distressing circumstances +. I trust the wisdom 
of Parliament will interpose its authority, and regulate the laws 
betwixt Debtor and Creditor. To proportion the time of impri- 
sonment to the magnitude of the debt, would frequently prevent 
its wanton increase, I have known many instances, where a 
debtor has offered eight, nine, and ten shillings in the pound to 
his creditor ; which not being accepted, he has (very naturally) 
expended it for his support in prison, Fees and lodgings abo- 
ished, and a salary from the county allowed to the gaoler, 
would have the most salutary effects. Wiiere a gaoler has not 


t See Dr. Lettsom’s “ Hints,” &c. vol, I. p. 298. 
only 


JAMES NEILD, ES@. 695 


The following Letter to Dr. Lettsom will be read 
with a mixture of admiration and delight; and is 
in itself so impressive, as to render comment super- 
fluous ; for it is a disinterested effort of Virtue, over- 
coming the allurement of personal interest. 


only no salary, but arent to pay; where his demand increases 
with the confinement of the debtor: if I arrest a man, and after 
throwing him into gaol I find him incapable of payment and for- 
give him, you would naturally suppose him at liberty. ‘No,’ 
says the gaoler, ‘ my demand for prison-fees and lodgings 
amounts to so and so; and I will detain him till these are paid.’ 
Thus is a Gaoler a Judge, Jury, and Executioner. For this 
very powerful reason, have T endeavoured to humanize their 
hearts, by promising to record their works of mercy, to rescue 
them from general obloquy, and rank them amongst the valua- 
ble members of the community. From the reports 1 daily re~ 
ceive, it will have its effect. An equal provision during con- 
finement is too obvious to need comment on its necessity. To: 
charge the window-duty on prisons is, in my opinion, impolitic ; 
the exclusion of light and air engenders disease, and renders the 
visitation extremely dangerons to those whose office it is. Indeed 
I know this by sad experience, having caught the gaol distemper 
in Warwick old prison, from which I did not recover for twelve 
months. This, I repeat, isa treason, witha little insinua- 
tion from the keeper (to hide his faults) that some of the prison- 
ers are ill, why the outsides of the abodes of human wretched- 
ness are too frequently only examined. 

“ Having now finished my Reports for this year, I shall com- 
mence my visits to the Gaols of the Metropolis, and to such parts 
of the country as health and leisure will allow ; thereby enriching 
my Folio Work with such observations and remarks as may be 
useful to my successor. The approbation of the humane and 
learned has encouraged me to proceed. J cannot conclude better 
than with the words of the Jate Dr. Franklin on the infancy of. 
our Institution ; so with respect to my late publication: ‘ Here- 
after we may trust, (and may the observation be prophetic !) it 
will rise in stature, and grow in favour with Gop und Man: this 
little rivulet shall one day swell into a wide and copious stream, 
that shall diffuse plenty and prosperity on every side of it: it shall 
abound like Euphrates, and like Jordan in the time of harvest ; 
this grain of mustard seed, to conclude with the image made use 
of by our blessed Saviour himself, which at present, indeed, is 
the least of all seeds, shall one day be the greatest among herbs, 
and become a tree, so that the birds of the air shall come and lodge 
tn the branches thereof. Which ‘Gon of his infinite mercy grant !” 
And that He may keep you in His holy protection, is the fervent 
prayer of, dear Sir, &c. James Neiip, March 26, 1801.” 


“ My 


696 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


« My pear Sir, Chelsea, March 25, 1801. 
_* No sooner had the Society published their Vote 
of Thanks, than I was surprized with the receipt of 
a Bank-note of Oxz THousanp Pounps. It came 
by penny-post, in a blank cover, neither Name nor 
Signature, addressed ‘ James Neild, Esq. Cheyné 
alk, Chelsea.—Having no doubt whatever in m 
own mind that it was intended for the Charity, 
announced it as such at our next meeting. Lord 
Romney, and the Gentlemen of the Committee, 
were of opinion it was intended for myself, not 
being addressed even in my official capacity ; and 
a Minute to that effect was about being entered on 
our books. I solemnly declared, I would enter my 
Protest against it ; as, in foro conscientic, I believed 
it meant for the Society ; and so far disclaimed all 
right or title to it, that, should it hereafter appear 
to be meant for myself, I declared it to be the pro- 
perty of the Society. Whatever might be the in- 
tent of the philanthropic Donor, there was certainly 
inaccuracy, and even carelessness, to send so large 
asum by penny-post*. To you, my good sir, I 
have no occasion to say the heart-felt gratification 
this act conveyed, or how much superior to, pecu- 
niary consideration is the mens sibi conscia recti. 
“Gop bless you. Adieu. James NEILD.” 
In March 1802, Sir Henry St. John Mildmay, 
Bart. M. P. and Mr. Neild volunteered their ser- 
vices (which were accepted by Lord Pelham, his 
Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home 
Department,) to examine and report on the State-+- 
* This Bank-note could not be traced, as it had been issued 
from the Bank at least three years before it was received by Mr. 
Neild. Happening at that time to be an acting Commissioner 
at a Public Board, of which Mr Neild was a regularly attending 
Member, ! saw both the Letter and the Bank-note ; and had no 
doubt of its being a pious fraud of the worthy Treasurer—in other 
words, that the thousand pounds wasa gift to the Society from himself. 
+ Two Reports on this subject are annexed to the Quarto Edi- 
tion of Mr. Neild’s publication; as are three other Reports on 
the Hulks at Portsmouth in 1807, on the Hulks in Langston 
Harbour, and on the Hulks on the Thames. d 
an 


JAMES NEILD, ESQ. 697 


and Management of the Convicts in Portsmouth 
Harbour; and also the same in Langston Harbour. 

In December 1803, Mr. Neild, ina series of Let- 
ters inserted in the Gentleman’s Magazine, began 
to describe his visits to various Prisons. In these 
affecting narratives [LXXVII in number] he was 
ably supported by the Prefatory Addresses * of Dr. 
Lettsom; and the Letters were afterwards the ground- 
work of Mr. Neild’s magnum opus. 

The result of their united labours was highly 
gratifying to both those true Philanthropists; as 
they excited general attention to the subject, and 
produced considerable additional subscriptions to 
the Society for Relief of Debtors +. : 


* In the earliest of these, the Doctor says, ‘ Some there are 
of the children of men, who seem to rise above the common 
level of their contemporaries. Inspired with a warm and grate- 
ful sense of the independence and blessings they enjoy, and 
spurning the indulgences of ease and luxury, devote fortune, 
time, heaith, and life itself, to soften the avenues that lead to 
the-dist:ess of others; and whose luxury consists in comforting 
the friendless, and alleviating or removing human misfortunes 
and miseries. Such was an Howard ; and such now is a Neild. 
Honoured as I was with the acquaintance of the former, I cannot 
less highly estimate the friendship of the latter, who, to other 
obligations, has conferred that of his correspondence. 

** Searcely had he removed from a dangerous illness, when he 
resolved on a new tour of philanthropy ; and, if a page might 
bé allowed to his interesting communications, the gratitude of 
the publick would be excited, and the amities and benevolences 
of the humane mind might be directed to the means of doing 
good, and to acquire the most elevated sentiments in exercising 
those means which sympathy, virtue, and opulence, point out. 

« Joun Coaxuey Lerrsom.” 

+ Ina Letter to Dr. Lettsom, in 1805, Mr. Neild remarks, 
that the Doctor's precursive essays ‘‘ have produced, and are 
producing, incalculable advantages; more than I have in 30 years 
been able to effect, has hence been brought about in 12 months. 
The Gaoler: are all on the alert, and, from fear of being visited, 
are in constant preparation, at the same time many magistrates 
are better acquainted with the inside of a prison-house. I could 
easily compress my remarks; but, without accuracy of details, 
the effects would cease. I have observed in many nospitals that 
there are shew-wards, with the inspection of which the superficial 
visitor goes away perfectly satisfied ; so in prisons, the gaolers 

manage 


698 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


In 1804 Mr. Neild, with the highest credit to 
himself, served the office of High Sheriff for the 
County of Buckingham *; and was at the same time 
in the Commission of the Peace for the Counties of 
Buckingham, Kent, and Middlesex, and the City 
and Liberty of Westminster. 

» In 1805 the following Letter was written by a 
sverend Divine, who was intimately acquainted 
with this worthy man and his family, and well 
knew his peculiar turn of mind: - 
+ Those who best know Mr. Neixp will most 
admire him. His goodness needs not, his modest; 
desires not, the incessant panegyricks of any indi- 
vidual, or of any set of men, Permit me to present 
to you my rams Fe tribute of respect to the character 
of a seconD Howarp._ It shall be brief, artless, 
unvarnished, disinterested, and from the heart. 


manage with equal dexterity; and what is not seen, there is no 
fear of having described. In my own opinion, I hold life ina 
tenure *; and I am anxious that every county should 
w the real state of its own prisons. This will be more gene- 
rally diffused through the medium of a Magazine, than by the 
publication of a volume, the reading of which would be, as Fenelon 
says, ‘“ too great an interruption to gaiety.” . 
* The benevolent Judge Grose, in an eloquent address to the 
Court at Aylesbury, ‘‘ congratulated the County on their electing 
to the office of High Sheriff a man who was an honour to his 
Country, and with whose works of Philanthropy, he doubted not 
they were well acquainted ; and that he could add much more on 
this subject, were not the Sheriff himself present, whose mind he 
would not wound, by stating all he knew, and all he merited," 
My late worthy Friend and Biographical Coadjutor Mr. Justice 
inge, in an Address to the Grand Jury at Brecon, whilst 
strongly recommending attention to Mr. Neild's remarks a 
gestions on the County Gaol and Bridewell, thus expresses hii : 
“A gentleman, whose name is Neild, was the Sheriff last year 
for the county of Buckingham. An English Judge, of a serious 
and steady character, (Mr. Justice Grose, see above,] gave that 
County joy upon the bench, for its acquisition of such a philan- 
thropist in such an office. Hebears a very high character. Like 
the immortal Howard, he visits Gaols in hopes to reform them.” 


* “ My virtuous friend, however, may see his thread gliding thi 
the fingers of his Parca, and shortening, without being moved by the 
sight.”"—Note byDr. Lettsom,with whom this was a favourite idea; see p. 
“ 
a 


JAMES NEILD, Esa, . 699 


“In James Neild, Esq. of Cheyné Walk, Chelsea, 
the reflecting world may with pleasure contemplate 
an example of patient and successful application to 
business; a pattern of active benevolence and social 
virtue, an encouragement to industry, ‘an ornament 
to religion. Born of no obscure parentage, Mr. 
Neild is nevertheless the author and protector of his 
own liberal fortunes. ‘ 

* As a Jeweller in St. James's Street, he gradu- 
ally and honourably amassed an income which few 
of the trade can expect to réalize; and now, asa 

rivate gentleman, he employs both that income and 
his time in relieving human woes, which few men of 
affluence will condescend personally to investigate. 

«Mr. Neild is a man of strict method still; for it 
will be found, upon diligent examination, that good 
habits may become durable, as well as bad. Hence, 
ever mindful of the sure steps by which he ascended 
into independence, he regulates his expences with 
rigid ceconomy: but the poor are the better’ for his 
prudence. He is frugal without parsimony, chari- 
table without ostentation, generous without profu- 
sion, affable without servility, conscious of merit 
without pride. Were I desired to’ specify in what 
character he appears to excel, I should say, without 
fear of contradiction, as the man of social feelings, 
After his charitable diurnal toils, when he sits down ° 
at a festive frugal board, surrounded by friends 
whom he esteems, and by whoin he is sincerely be- 
loved, then he lays aside that unnatural reserve in 
which he is thought occasionally to shrowd his ur- 
banity ; and his lively disposition to good-humoured 
mirth, pleasant conversation, and instructive in- 
quiry, iin forth unveiled and unclouded. 

‘« In the heavy hour of sickness (nay, in the bitter 
agonies of excruciating torture from internal disease), 
I have witnessed his fortitude, his patience, his Chris- 
tian resignation. Such is my opinion, of James 
Neild, Esq... He little imagines the quarter whence 
this honest eulogy proceeds. 


“It 


700 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


* It may not be uninteresting to observe, that in 
his domestic connexions he is far happier than his 
illustrious Prototype. Mr. Neild is blest with the 
affection of two Sons *, both arrived at a state of 
manhood, and both mutually emulous to prove their 
inheritance of their Father's many virtues -}.” 

Mr. Neild having. given offence to some Magis- 
trates at Norwich, by the home-truths which he 
found it necessary to relate in his account of the 
Workhouse in that City; he was censured in the 
Magazine for 1805, vol. LXXV. pp. 1019, 1124; 
which produced a defence from Dr. Lettsom, p. 
1185, in which he observes: ‘se 

“« Mr. Neild has devoted 35 years in visiting the 
most miserable of human beings; in exploring dun- 

ns in the highest degree dangerous to health; in 

iberating hundreds of incarcerated fellow-creatures; 
in laying down plans of improvement, as they respect 
the esr, hellth, and aerdla of the ars lee 
in the most humane exertions to regulate the system 
of Bridewells and Workhouses, the sources of a 
thousand future evils,” P 

In the following year is another Defence of Mr, 
Neild, in a Letter from Edward Rigby, esq. Mayor 
of Norwich, to Mr. Gurney : 

“ Having been much with him when he was in 
Norwich, no one in this place can have had a better 
oppee nity than myself of appreciating his character, 
and of becoming acquainted with the motives of his 
visits to our prisons, hospitals, workhouses, &c.; and 
I have no hesitation in saying, that I believe them 
to have been purely humane, perfectly disinterested, 
and entirely free from the petulance, and malignity, 
and more especially the disingenuousness, which has 

* Of these the eldest, William-Camden Neild, Esq. of the Island 
of Antigua, one of the King’s Counsel for that and all the Lee- 
ward Islands, died at Falmouth (having just arrived in England 
for the benefit of his health), Oct. 19, 1810, in his 33d year— 
The youngest, John-Camden Neild, Esq. is the worthy successor 


to his Father in the office of Treasurer to his laudable Institution. 
+ Gent. Mag. vol. LXXV. p. 319. 


been 


JAMES NEILD, Esa. , 701 


been attributed to him. I think him peculiarly well 
qualified for the benevolent office he has undertaken, 
and have no doubt but the result of his indefatigable 
and well-conducted researches into these several 
abodes of misery will be the greatest good to Society. 
In investigating the state of the different places he 
visited in this City, I found him deliberate, com- 
prehensive, and most minutely accurate; his sug- 
gestions of improvements, (and they were not few,) 
were judicious, in many instances ingenious, and in 
all of them of the best tendency. He had a mani- 
fest satisfaction in commending, and where there was 
just cause for it he was most ready and liberal of 
praise; and when compelled to censure, (and not to 
have done it with explicitness and publicity when 
there was unfortunately cause for it, would have de- 
feated the important ends of his inquiries) I will 
venture to say that he set down nought in malice. I 
ought to add, that his manners had in them much 
of suavity, and his conversation was highly interest- 
ing and instructive*.” a 

In August 1808, when Mr. Neild published the 
Third Edition -- of his “ Account of the Progress 
and Present State of the Society,” he thus notices 
his correspondence with Dr. Lettsom : 

“ T cannot present to the Publick another edition 
of this book on Debtors, without expressing my grate- 
ful sense of the great assistance which I have derived 
from my benevolent friend Dr. Lettsom; as also 
for the Pecuniary support in aid of the Charity, to 

considerable amount {, which appears to have been 
fest me in immediate consequence of my Remarks 
on Prisons appearing in the Gentleman's Magazine, 
with the introductory observations of his liberal and 
enlightened mind. I wish to give honour where 
honour is so justly due. Had it not been for his 
energetic strictures on my faithful communications, 

* Gent. Mag. vol. LX XVI. p. 23. t 

+ The whole impression of a Second Edition, which was almost 
finally completed at the press, was destroyed by a calamitous Fire. 

¢ Amounting, when that Edition went to press, to 3281, * 9d. 

rom 


702 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


from time to.time, | I)fear that the Prisons, in many 
instances, would not only haye remained without 
farther improvement; but, what is worse, that, in 
lamentable gradation, the improvement which had 
commenced in some of them, would either have 
dwindled, ,or have been, wholly done away. . After 
haying tried, in various journeys, and during the 
space of thirty years, what private conference with 
magistrates could effect, I had the discouragement, 
in some districts, to find, that the alterations I had 
Poeaimnee to suggest, were omitted or forgotten. 
e great reformation produced by Howarp, was 
in several places merely temporary. Some prisons, 
that had been ameliorated under the persuasive in- 
fluence of his kind advice, were relapsing into their 
former horrid state of privation, filthiness, severity, 
or neglect; many new dungeons had aggravated the 
evils, against which his sagacity could not but re= 
monstrate : The motives for a transient amendment 
were become paralyzed; and the effect had ceased in 
the cause. At length, the arguments of my Friend 
prevailed; and I consented to the insertion of some 
of my Letters to Dr. Lettsom in the aboye Magazine, 
as the best channel, in order to ascertain the feelings 
of the Public at large on so important a subject as 
Imprisonment for Debt. The result was propitious 
and highly pleasing. Scarcely three months had 
elapsed, when, upon my return home, I found 
many letters, urging me to go on; and success has 
exceeded my most sanguine expectations. The hu- 
mane and considerate Magistrates of various districts 
have cordially adopted and enforced the plan of re- 
form. Their active energies have now, for five years 
past, been happily employed in effecting so salutary 
a change. Tien journey I now take affords me 
the most reasonable hope that it will soon be com- 
pleted. I esteem its advances among the amplest 
lessings of my life; and trust that i shall be able 
to relish the retrospect of them even in the nearest 
views of Death itself.” 


I can 


JAMES NEILD, ESQ. 703 


I can bear testimony to the gratification Mr; Neild 
experienced, on being allowed by Providence to finish 
the Quarto Edition of his excellent Work on Prisons; 
in the preparing of which for the press, he was 
considerably assisted by his valuable friend the Rey, 
Weeden Butler *. It at length appeared, in 1812, 
under the following title: “ State of Prisons in En- 
gland, Scotland, and Wales, extending to various 
places therein assigned, not for the Debtor only, 
but for the Felons also, and other less criminal 
offenders. ‘Together with some useful Documents, 
Observations, and Remarks, adapted to explain and 
improve the Condition of Prisoners in general--.” 


* Of this highly-respectable Clergyman and worthy man, one 
of the original Institutors, and now the only survivor of the first 
Committee, of the benevolent Society for Relief of Debtors, see 
the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IX. pp. 223-226, 2 

In the Edinburgh Review for January 1814, is a masterl: 
critique on the ‘ State of Prisons,” from which a few extracts are 
here selected, as expressive of the opinion entertained of the 
merits of its Author, by the Editor of the present Volumes. 

«* The judicious and unwearied exertions of Mr. Neild, both 
as a Magistrate and as a private Gentleman, have been attended 
with extremely beneficial effects in various parts of the Island, 
The detailed description which, from his own inspection, he 
published in the Gentleman's Magazine for 1804, of the loath- 
some old Bridewell at Chelmsford in Essex, made the Freeholders 
ashamed of that disgrace to their opulent County: it was accor- 
dingly pulled down, and a new one, constructed and 
on better principles for accomplishing the good purposes of such 
an institution, was opened in 1806. We must be highly pleased 
that so much has been done both here and elsewhere ; — that 
there have appeared so many Prisons and Houses of Correction, 
skilfully constructed, and under careful management and con- 
stant inspection ; and that such men as Mr, Neild, Mr. Morton 
Pitt, and Sir George Onesiphorus Paul, of such exemplary cha- 
racter and, such extensive influence, have so strenuously and 
perseveringly exerted themselves in this national concern. In the 
counties of Buckingham, Dorset, and Gloucester, with which 
those gentlemen are more particularly connected, the effects of, 
their benevolent and patriotic labours are chiefly conspicuous, 
and well deserve the attention and imitation of the rest of the 
Kingdom.—In the County-Gaol and Bridewell of Aylesbury, 
Bucks, where Mr. Neild has exercised the duties of a, magistrate 
so long and so honourably, proper provision is made for the im- 
pertant purposes, so often most cruelly neglected, of neantinnn 

an 


704 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


This highly-useful' Work, calculated, on an en- 
larged and general plan, for the improvement of 


and ventilation, &c.—The humane and judicious management 
of the County Gaols at Gloucester and Dorchester is also highly 
honourable to the Magistrates; and more ly to Sir 
O. Paul, in the one case, and to Mr. Morton Pitt in the 
other.—We rejoice that this excellent spirit of improvement in 
the management of Prisons, has displayed itself in many other 
quarters ; and feel no small pride in the admirable construction 
of the County Bridewell in our city of Edinburgh. Mr. Neild has 
certainly contributed his share, and far more than his share, in 
this patriotic service ; and we most earnestly wish that his useful 
and curious publication, may gain not only the attention of our 
Magistrates, but of all persons who have influence, and more 
especially of the Legislature. Mr. Neild’s Work is well entitled 
to the serious consideration of all guod citizens, and of those, 
especially, who possess the highest influence and authority in 
Church and State. The pron condition of the greater part of 
our Prisons is, in respects, dishonourable to a ie, 
a civilized, a Christian country: and it would have been be- 
coming the paternal care of the Ministers of the Crown, to have 
taken the lead in reforming this important and extensive depart- 
ment of the National Police. For their encouragement, an op- 
portunity presented itself, such as may not return for a century 
tocome. They had at their command the services of a Magis- 
trate, whose experience and distinguished exertions in this capa- 
city recommended him as peculiarly qualified for the duty; a 
man of high character and independent fortune ;—who had no 
party to serve ;—who sought for no place, no pension, not even 
is expenses, in the discharge of a task which was to be the 
painful and weary labour of many years ;—a man on whom the 
spirit had descended of the ever-revered and ever-memorable 
Howarp. Yet the Ministers withheld from him all encourage- 
ment, all countenance, all facilities. He went forth unautho- 
rized, unaided, and alone; and, accordingly, as might have 
been expected, ‘ many Prisons proved to be difficult of access," 
and ‘ the information which he sought was not easily obtained.’ 
But his heart was strong in a cause ; and his country is 
deeply indebted to him for his generous and important Services. 
He has brought forward, to the praise and imitation of his 
fellow-citizens, many examples which evince what happy effects 
result when magistrates are faithful to their duty. He has ex- 
posed to public view those dreadful miseries which there is no ear 
to hear, and no eye to pity, when the Magistrates desert the 
sacred charge of personal inspection, which the law has entrusted 
to their honour. He has pointed out all that appears to be still 
defective or erroneous in our present regulations and present 
practice. He has done his part; and, whatever return he may 

now receive from the world, his reward is sure and great.” 
Prisons, 


JAMES NEILD, ESQ, I 705 


Prisons, and. comfort of the Prisoners, is. dedi- 
cated to the Society for Diesbie and Relief of 
Debtors; at whose expence the Work was printed, 

Prefixed to the State of the Prisons will be found 
some valuable’ Observations on Civil Imprisonment, 
Remarks on Courts of Conscience, and Obsérvations 
on Crimes and Punishments. ‘Then follows.the State 
of each Prison in England, Scotland, and Wales, in 
alphabetical order; containing an immense mass of 
valuable information, collected during many years’ 
painful Research into the actual Condition of the se- 
veral Gaols ; and which will be of the greatest use to 
Magistrates ‘and others to whose care and protection 
the Law has committed so important a trust as the 
government of its’ Prisons. In “Conclusion,” Mr, 
Neild thus expresses himself; and the hearts of the be- 
nevolent cannot butrejoice with him in his exultation: 

« Animated with the hope.of giving permanency 
and improvement to that reform in our Prisons 
which was so ably begun by my excellent) pre- 
decessor Mr. Howarp, I now send forth this Book, 
the labour of many years, as an important subject 
for public consideration; and, however defective, 
deliver it to the World, with the spirit of a man who 
endeavoured to do well, and at length enjoys the 
luxury of having lived to see his highest earthly wishes 
- accomplished. | If it shall be found, as is very pro- 
bable, that many things are omitted in this exten- 
sive work, which might greatly have added_ to its 
value, let it not:be forgotten that much, likewise, 
is performed: that my numerous visits had not the 
patronage of Government to invigorate their ardour ; 
that many Prisons proved to, be difficult of access ; 
that the information which I sought was not easily 
obtained ; and that this massy collection of par+ 
ticulars is not published for general entertainment, 
but for the serious! perusal of those distinguished 
readers who have it in their will, no less than in 
their power, to soften the trials, and alleviate the 
sorrows of IMPRISONMENT.” 

VOL. II. £2 “In 


706 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


“Tn addition to the consequences naturally atten- 
dant upon an advance in years,” (I now use his own 
words) Mr. Neild long “ laboured under painful in- 
firmities, that threatened to plunge him into the 
aweful, yet hopeful, gulph of Death.” Yet his ar- 
dent zeal for the relief of human misery, and his 
anxiety to promote the success and stability of his 
favourite Society, overcame all obstacles ; and he con- 
tinued his journeys, to visit the gloomy mansions of 
distress, in all parts of England, Scotland, and Wales. 

Exhausted Nature at length gave way; and this 
excellent Philanthropist died, at his house in Cheyné 
Row, Chelsea, Feb. 16, 1814, in his 7oth year. 

A Tribute of Respect to his memory was intended 
to have been given in the Gentleman’s Magazine 
by Dr. Lettsom*; but this friendly task, for which 
Mr. Neild had in his life-time communicated some 
materials, from a variety of circumstances was post- 

ned till the season for its appearance was past. 
Th the mean time the following article appeared 
in a contemporary publication+}: 

“ Mr. Neild was a gentleman well known for his 
ACTIVE BENEVOLENCE in visiting all the Prisons in 
this country, and doing every thing in his power to 
alleviate the distresses of their wretched inhabitants. 
We can speak of his worth, in this respect, from 
personal knowledge; and can aver, that no man 
since Howarp, has, in attention to Prisons, me- 
rited more highly the public esteem and gratitude. 
He doubtless did much good, and more may be 
expected to result from his labours; but he expe- 
rienced many mortifications, from the indifference 
of his contemporaries, or the universal corruption of 
the departments of the administration which he zea= 
lously laboured to reform. His experience proved, 
what required little proof—that no part of a stream 
can be pure which is muddy at the source.” 

* See p. 688. 

+ Superintended by Sir Richard Phillips; who, in the capacity 
of Sheriff, had acquired an intimate knowledge of the eT 

R. 


( 707) 


Mr. LEWIS THEOBALD. 


This eminent and laborious Critic and Dramatic 
Poet was born, about 1692, at Sittingborne, in 
Kent; where his father, Peter Theobald, was in con- 
siderable practice as an Attorney. His school-learning 
he received chiefly under the Rev. Mr. Ellis, of 
Isleworth in Middlesex ; and he afterwards applied 
himself to the study and practice of the Law. But 
the Muses, it appears, were to him more attrac- 
tive than the Statute-book; and Shakespeare far 
more alluring than Coke upon Littleton. 

* Whilst yet an infant, and unknown to Fame,” 
his talents obtained for him the friendship of 
Bernard Lintot, at that period no inconsiderable 
“« Patron of Literature ;” and for this enterprizing 
Bookseller young Theobald, in May 1713, when 
he was scarcely 21, translated “ Plato’s Phadon,” 
for which he was paid five guineas. He also entered 
into a contract for ‘“‘ Aischylus’s Tragedies:” for 
this he received one guinea as the earnest of ten, 
which was to be the reward of a not very light task. 

In the following year, April 21, he entered into a 
similar agreement with Lintot, for a Translation of 
the Twenty-four Books of Homer’s Odyssey into 
English blank verse; also the four Tragedies of 
Sophocles, called CEdipus Tyrannus, C&dipus Co- 
loneus, Trachinie, and Philoctetes, into English 
blank verse, with Explanatory Notes to the Twenty- 
four Books of the Odyssey, and to the Four Trage- 
dies ; and was to receive for translating every 450 
Greek verses, with Explanatory Notes thereon, the 
sum of fifty shillings. He agreed likewise to trans- 
Jate the Satires and Epistles of Horace into English 
rhyme; and was to be paid for every 120 lines so 
translated one guinea, All these articles were to be 

2z2 performed, 


708 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


performed according to the time specified, under 
the penalty of 50/. on the default of either party; and 
Theobald was paid in hand fifty shillings *. 

The early erate Pieces published by Mr. 
Theobald I shall notice almost literally in the words 
of Giles Jacob, whose “ Lives of the Poets” appeared 
long before the horrida bella of the Dunciad. 

1. The Persian Princess; or, the Royal Vil- 
Jain; a Tragedy; as acted at Drury Lane in 1711,” 
but not published till 1717; when it was thus dedi- 
cated to Mary Dutchess of Ormond: ~~ 

“ Your Grace’s goodness had encouraged me to 
make an humble offering. You did me the honour to 
send for me into your presence, on account of a few 
verses I had made on a subject highly pleasing to 
your Grace; which was, on your Noble Lord’s reco- 
very from a severe illness. I wish I may have a 
‘theme almost as happy, to express my gratitude and 
respect; I mean, that of his Grace’s restoration to 
offices. of honour equal to-his high birth and virtues.” 

In the Preface, after an apology for ‘ exposing to 
the Town a Play which he a suffered to lie above 
six years in a safe obscurity since its appearance on 
the Stage,” he adds, “ it was writ, and acted, be- 
fore I was full nineteen years old.” 

2. “Electra, a Tragedy, translated from the 
Greek of Sophocles, with Notes, 1714;” dedicated 
to Mr: Addison. 

3. “ Cedipus, a Tragedy, translated from the Greek 
of Sophocles, with Notes, 1715;” dedicated to 
Lewis Earl of Rockingham. 

4. “ Plutus, or the World’s Idol, a Comedy, 
translated from the Greek of Aristophanes, with 
Notes, 17153” dedicated to John Duke of Argyle-+. 


* These particulars appear from Lintot's Accompt-book: but 
the entry respecting the Odyssey has a line drawn through it, as 
if the agreement had been afterwards canceled. 

¢ A Discourse is prefixed, containing some account of Aristo- 
phanes, and his two Comedies, Plutus and The Clouds. 


5. “ The 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 709 


5. “The Clouds, a Comedy, translated. ftom 
Aristophanes, with Notes, 1715;” dedicated to John 
Glanville, esq. 

6. “ The Perfidious Brother, ' a Tragedy ; acted 
at the Theatre in Little Lincoln’s Inn Fields, 1715.” 
and published in 1716 *. 

7. “ Pan and Selina, an Opera of one Act, per- 
formed in Lincoln's Inn Fields, 1717.” 

8. “ Entertainment for a Subscription called 
The Lady's Triumph, performed in ‘Lincoln’s Inn 
Fields, 1718.” 


“‘ What other pieces this Author has published,” 
adds Mr. Jacob, “ not being in the Dramatic 
way, do not properly fall under the notice of this 
treatise.. He has by him a Tragedy, ready for the 
stage, called The Death of Hannibal; and has fi- 
nished a Translation of the Seven Tragedies of 
ZEschylus.” 


To the preceding enumeration the “ Biographia 
Dramatica,” [ed. Jones, 1812, p. 706,] adds, 
9.  Decius and Paulina, a Masque, at Lincoln’s 
Inn Fields, 1718.” 

10. “ King Richard the Second, a Tragedy ; al- 
tered from Shakespeare, and performed at: Lincoln’s 
Inn Fields, 1720” dedicated to the Lord Orrery -p. 


* The model of this Play is somewhat like that of “‘ The Or- 
phan,” the whole scene of it being laid in a private family at 
Brussels. It appears, however, to have been acted without success ; 
and Mr. Henry Mestayer, a watchmaker, who published a Tra- 
gedy under the same title in 1716, asserts “ that he had sub- 
mitted his performance to the correction of Theobald, who 
founded from it the Tragedy which he published as his own.” — 
From this heavy charge Theobald, in his Preface, endeavours to 
vindicate himself. — On this dispute an acute Scholar observed, 
that Theobald had usually been ranked only in the light of a 
puny Critic 

«* But here the fell Attorney prowls for prey.” 

+ Who made Mr, Theobald a present of a bank-note of* 1001. 
enclosed in an Egyptian-pebble snuff-box, mounted in gold, of 
the value of twenty pounds. 

11. * The 


710 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


11. “ The Rape of Proserpine, a Pantomime,” 
acted at Covent Garden, 1725. 

12. “ Harlequin Sorcerer, a Pantomime ;” acted 
at Covent Garden, 1725. j 

13. “ Apollo and Daphne; or, the pes Heer 
tricked ;” composed by Mr. Rich, the Words by 
Mr. Theobald ; acted at Covent Garden, 1726. 

14. His “ Double Falshood; or, the Distrest 
Lovers, a Play, altered from Shakespeare * ;” acted at 
Drury Lane, 1728. 

15. “ Perseusand Andromeda, a Pantomime,” 1730. 


* In the Royal Licence for securing to Mr. Theobald the 
copy-right of this Play, itis stated, “that he had, at a considerable 
expence, purchased the Manuscript copy of an Original Play 
of William Shakespeare, called Double Falshood, or the Distrest 
Lovers; and had, with great labour and. pains, revised and 
adapted the same for the Stage.” It is dedicated to 
Dodington, Esq. (afterwards Lord Meleombe Regis) ; and, in t 
Preface, Mr. Theobald says, “ One of the MS copies was above 
60 years standing, in the hand-writing of Mr. Downes, the fa- 
mous old Prompter; and was early in the possession of Mr. Bet- 
terton, who designed to have ushered it into the world.” ° 

Mr Pope, however, insinuated to the Town, that it was all, or 
certainly, the greatest part, written, not by Shakespeare, but 
Theobald himself ; and quotes this line, 

: « None but thyself can be thy parallel ;’ 

which he calls a marvellous line of Theobald ; ‘ unless,’ says he, 
* the Play, called The Double Falshood, be (as he would have 
it thought) Shakespeare's ; but, whether this is “his or not, he 
proves Shakespeare to have written as bad.’ The arguments 
which Theobald uses to prove the Play to be Shakespeare's are 
indeed fur from satisfactory; and it was afterwards Dr. Far- 
mer’s opinion that it was Shirley's. It was, however, vindicated 
by Theobald, who was attacked again in ‘ The Art of Sinking in 
Poetry.’ Theobald endeavoured to prove false criticisms, want 
of understanding Shakespeare’s manner, and perverse caviling, 
in Pope: he justified himself and the great Dramatic Poet; and 
attempted to prove the Tragedy in question to be in reality 
Shakespeare's, and not unworthy of him.—It is fair to add, that 
in a Letter to Aaron Hill, June 9, 1738, Mr. Pope says, “ I 
could not have the least pique to Mr. Theobald in what is cited in 
the Treatise of the Bathos from the Play [The Double Falshood], 
which I never supposed to be his. He gave it as Shakespeare's ; 
and I take it to be of that age: and indeed the collection of 
those, and many more of the thoughts censured there, was not 
made by me, but by Dr. Arbuthnot.” 

16. 


MR. LEWIS. THEOBALD. 711 


16. “ Orestes, a Dramatic Opera,” as acted at 
Lincoln’s Inn Fields, 1731. aay 

17. “ Merlin; or, the Devil of Stonehenge, a Pan- 
tomime ;” acted at Drury Lane, 1734. 

18. “ The Fatal Secret, a Tragedy, 1735.” 

19. “ Orpheus and Eurydice, an Opera, 1739.” 

20. “ The Happy Couple, an Opera, 1741.” 

21. © The Death of Hannibal;” neither acted nor 
printed. 


Ina Second Volume, 1720, Mr. Jacob says, “This 
gentleman, besides his Dramatic Works, has given 
us several Poems and Translations, which have met 
with approbation. The chief of them are, The Cave 
of Poverty, an excellent Poem; A Poem on the 
Death of Queen Anne; and Translations from 
Ovid's Metamorphoses ; &c.—* 1 was informed this 
gentleman has a Brother, who has lately published 
a small Miscellany of Poems; but, as I have not seen 
it, I cannot pretend to give any account of them.” 


In 1725, Mr. Pope published his long-expected 
Edition of Shakespeare * ; which gave fresh energy 


* Dr. Johnson, in his Life of Pope, antedates Pope’s Edition, 
in 1721; but the great Moralist’s remarks shall here be noticed. 
««He gave the same year an Edition of Shakespeare. His name 
was now of so much authority, that Tonson thought himself en- 
titled, by annexing it, to demand a subscription of six guineas 
for Shakespeare's Plays in six quarto volumes; nor did his expec- 
tation much deceive him ; for, of 750 which he printed, he dis- 
persed a great number at the price proposed. The reputation, of 
that Edition sunk afterwards so low, that 140 copies were sold at 
sixteen shillings each.—On this undertaking, to which Pope was 
induced by a reward of two hundred and seventeen pounds twelve 
shillings, he seems never to have reflected afterwards with- 
out vexation; for Theobald, a man of heavy diligence, with 
very slender powers, first, in a book called ‘ Shakespeare Re- 
stored,’ and then in a formal Edition, detected his deficiencies 
with all the insolence of victory; and, as he was now high 
enough to be feared and hated, Theobald had from others all the 
help that could be supplied, by the desire of humbling a haughty 
character.—From this time Pope became an enemy to Editors, 
Collaters, Commentators, and Verbal Critics; and hoped to per- 
suade the world, that he miscarried in this undertaking only by 
having a mind too great for such minute employment.—Pope, ae 
is 


712 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


to the ‘critical acumen of ‘Theobald: And ‘early in 
:1726, appeared his “« Shakespeare Restored*; or, a 
Specimen of the many Errors, /as well committed, as 
unamended, by Mr. Pope, in his late Edition of this 
Poet; designed, not only to correct'the said Edition, 
but to restore the true Reading of Shakespeare in 
all the Editions ever published. By Mr. Theobald*.” 
his Edition, undoubtedly did many things wrong, and left many 
things undone ; but let him not be defrauded of his due praise. 
He’ was' the first that knewy, at least the first that told, by what 
helps the text might be improved. If he inspected the early Edi- 
tions negligently, he taught others to be more accurate. In his 
Preface he expanded with great skill and elegance the character 
which had been given of Shakespeare by Dryden; and he drew 
the public attention upon his Werks, which, though often men- 
tioned, had been little read,” Dr. Johnson's Life of Pope. 
* * Jn the Dedication, “To John Rich, Esq.” dated March 18, 
1725-6, Mr. Theobald says, “ It may seem a little particular, 
that, when 1 have attempted to restore Suakesreare, I should 
address that Work to one who has gone a great way towards 
shutting him out of doors; that is, towards banishing him the 
benefit of the Stage, and confining us to read him in the 
Closet, Let me stand excused from intending any personal accu- 
sation here ; for it is not you indeed, but that affection with 
which Entertainments of a different species are pursued, have done 
this; and therefore I would fain. transfer the fault from you to 
the Town, I am justified in this Address by another considera- 
tion: which is, that, however you may have been a sinner against 
Shakespeare, you are not an impenitent one. And as King Henry 
IV. erected a Chapel to expiate the injuries which he had. done 
to his Predecessor King Richard; so, the Town at least say, you 
intend to appease the manes of out Poet, by erecting a monument 
to him. Go on in that pious, that reputable intention ; and, 
while the taste of the Publick demands it of you, continue to 
sacrifice fresh Pantomimes to his memory. When their palates 
alter, convince them that you are provided to entertain them 
with an elegance suitable to their expectations. But I am fallen 
into a strain which I had no thoughts of pursuing when I first 
sate down to write this Epistle. The great Orway dedicated one 
of his Plays to his Bookseller, as a receipt for the copy-money ; 
and I] meant this merely (si parva licet componere magnis) as an 
acknowledgment of some obligations received, which you will not 
expect me to specify in print. 1 designed it to carry the senti- 
ments of friendship and gratitude: but, where it falls short in 
those points, let it make amends by this profession, that you are 
always entitled, to the utmost of my poor power, to demand all 
the serviee of, Sir, your most obliged, and faithful humble ser- 
vant; Lewis THzoBaLp.” 
yn 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. : ag 


In the Introduction, whatever opinion; the Re= 
marker may have’ given of the ‘Critic, Mr. Pope is 
personally treated with the manners of a gentleman. 

“ It was'no small satisfaction: to. me,” says Mr. 
Theobald, “when I first heard Mr. Pore. had taken 
upon him the publication of Suakespeare. «I very 
reasonably expected,’ from ‘his known’ talents and 
abilities, from his uncommon sagacity and discern- 
ment, and from his unwearied diligence and care of 
informing himself by an happy and extensive con- 
yersation, we should have had our Author come out 
as perfect as the want of Manuscripts and Original 
Copies could give us a possibility of hoping. I may 
dare to say, a great number of Shakespeare’s ad- 
mirers, and of Mr. Pope’s too (both which I sin- 
cerely declare myself), concurred in this expecta- 
tion : for there is a certain ewriosa felicitas, as was 
said of an eminent Roman Poet, in that gentleman’s 
way of working, which, we presumed, would have laid 
itself out largely in sucha province; and that he would 
not have sate down contented with performing, as 
he calls it himself, the dudl duty of an Editor only. 
Shakespeare’s Works have always appeared! to me 
like, what he makes his Hamlet compare the World 
to, an unweeded garden grown to seed; and Iam 
sorry there is still reason to complain, the weeds in 
him are so very sparingly thinned, that, not to 
speak out of compass, a thousand rank and un- 
sightly ones are left, to stare us in the face; aud clog 
the delight of the expected prospect. 

“There is one unhappiness which generally at- 
tends the re-publication of English Books; which is, 
that, being the property of some persons in trade, 

_ who, too often, bie nothing more of their copy 
than that there is a demand for re-printing it; and 
who are, withal, persons of such commendable fru- 
gality, that they think every farthing, which is given 
for the labour of Revise, to be so much money 
givenaway for nothing. The press is set to work from 

a printed 


714 ILLUSTRATIONS. OF LITERATURE. 


a printed precedent; and so, the more the Editions of 
any Book multiply, the more the errors mules too, 
and propagate out of their own species. ‘ Of this,’ 
to firearm tte words and observations of my ingenious 
friend Mr. Sewel *, ‘Shakespeare is a very remark- 
able instance, who has been handed down, from age 
to age, very incorrect ; his errors increasing by time, 
and being almost constantly re-published to his dis- 
grace. Whatever were the faults of this great Poet, 
the Printers have been hitherto as careful to multi- 
ply them as if they had been real beauties ; thinking, 
perhaps, with the Indians, that the disfiguring a 
good face with scars of artificial brutes had improved 
the form and dignity of the person.’ 

« This, indeed, hs not been altogether the case 
in the late Edition of Shakespeare. The Bookseller, 
who farms a right to some part of this Author, and 
claims a right to some other part of him, has so far 
misunderstood himself (1 mean, ir contradiction to 
the rule of trade) as to be at the expence of haying 
his Author revised--; and therefore we promised our- 
selves this Work would be completed. 

“ I have so great an esteem for Mr. Pore, and so 
high an opinion of bis genius and excellences, that 
1 beg to be excused from the least intention of dero- 
gating from his merits, in this attempt to restore the 
true Reading of Suakespeare. ‘Though I confess a 
veneration almost rising to idolatry for the writings 
of this inimitable Poet, I would be very loth even to 
do him justice at the expence of that other Gentle- 
man’s character. But, I am persuaded, I shalt 

* In his Preface to a Seventh Volume of Shakespeare, 4to; 
intended by Sewel as a Supplement to Mr. Pope's Six Volumes. 

+ Mr. Pope was paid 217/. 12s. for the Quarto Edition of 1725; 
Mr. Fenton 30I. 12s. for assisting Mr. Pope in correcting the 
press ; and Mr. Gay 35/. 19s. 6d. for the same pains.—In 1728 
Mr. Whalley had 12I. for correcting the sheets of Mr. Pope's 
Edition in 12mo.—Mr: Theobald, in 1732-3, had 652/. 10s. for 
his Octavo Edition; which was re-printed, in eight volumes 
12mo, 1740; and of the various Editions of Theobald (which 
Dr. Warton pronounces to be the best till those of Steevens and 
Malone appeared) no less than 12,860 copies were sold. d 

stan 


» MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. —— 715 


stand as free from such a charge in the execution 

_ of this design, as, I am sure, I have in the inten- 
tion of it; for I am assuming a task here, which 
this learned Editor seems purposely (I was going to 
say with too nice a scruple) to have declined. 

“To explain myself, I must be obliged to make a 
short quotation from Mr. Pope, in his Preface to 
Shakespeare: ‘In what I have done,’ says he, ‘I 
have rather given a proof of my willingness and 
desire, than of my ability to do him justice. I 
have discharged the dull duty of an Editor, to my 
best judgment, with more labour than I expect thanks, 
with a religious abhorrence of all innovation, and 
without any indulgence to my private sense or con+ 
Fen is cannot help thinking this gentleman’s 
modesty in this point too nice, and blameable; and 
that what he is pleased to call a redigious abhorrence 
of innovation is downright superstition. Neither can 
I be of opinion that the Writings of Shakespeare are 
so venerable, as that we should be excommunicated 
from good sense, for daring to innovate properly; 
or that we ought to be as cautious of altering their 
text as we would that of the Sacred Writings. And 
yet even they, we see, have admitted of some thou- 
sands of various readings, and would have a great 
many more, had not Dr. BentLey* some particular 
reasons for not prosecuting his undertaking upon 
the New Testament, as he proposed.” 

Mr. Theobald begins his Animadversions with 
Hamlet, ‘as, perhaps, the best known, and one of 
the most favourite of Shakespeare's Plays.” To this 
Tragedy he devotes 132 pages, the principal part of 
his volume ; briefly dissecting the other Plays in an 
Appendix of 62 very closely printed pages. 

ie 1726, Theobald engaged in a paper called 
« The Censor,” published in Mist's “ Weekly Jour- 
nal;” and, by delivering his opinion with too little 
reserve concerning some eminent contemporary 

* Perhaps this incidental allusion may have been the cause of 
slashing Bentley being coupled with piddling Theobald. 
Writers, 


716 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Writers; exposed himself to their resentment *,— 
An attack on the critical acumen of Mr. Pope,. 
called forth the indignation of the irritable Bard; and 
hence, in the Prologue to the Satires, we are told that 
 Ne’er one sprig of laurel grac’d these ribalds, 
From slashing Bentley down to piddling Tibbald.” 
Hence too the exalted rank which Theobald ob- 
tained in “ The Dunciad.” The Origin and Pro- 
gress of that witty but cruel Satire I shall discuss in 
a separate article ; but will here extract, in justice 
to Pope as well as Theobald, the description of the 
original Hero and his Library}. , 
The Goddess of Dullness, at a loss for a:suecessor 
to Se/tle, the City Laureate, is thus introduced: 
«©?Twas on the day, when Thorold {, rich and graye, 
Like Cimon §, triumph’d both on land and wave |]: 
(Pomps without guilt, of bloodless swords and maces, 
Glad chains, warm furs, broad banners, and broad faces:) 


* Theobald was not only thus obnoxious to the resentment of 
Pope; but we find him waging war with Mr. Dennis, who treated 
him with more roughness, though with less satire. Theobald, in 
«The Censor" (vol. II. No. 38), calls Dennis by the name of Fu- 
rius, Dennis, to resent this, retaliates in language inflamed by 
contradiction (see p.719). 

»<-f Copied from the Octavo Edition of 1729; which contained 
some Adiitional Notes to the Quarto of that year.—The Variations 
from the Original Edition, in the description here quoted, though 
numerous, are principally improvements in the language and ver- 
sification. ‘The few Notes of the Original Edition are preserved. 

}. “ Sir George Thorold was Lord Mayor in 1720.—This was 
the last year of Elkanah Settle’s life. He was Poet to the City 
of London ; whose business was to compose yearly Panegyricks 
on the Lord Mayor, and Verses for the Pageants ; but, since the 
abolition of that part of the Shew, the employment ceased, so 
that Settle had no successor to that place.” Annotator in 1729. 

§ “Cimon, the famous Athenian General, who obtained a 
victory by sea and another by land on the same day over the Per- 
sians and Barbarians.” Original Edition. 

|| ‘* The procession of a Lord Mayor is made both by land and 
water,” Annotator in 1729. 7 

4| “ The ignorance of these Moderns! This was altered in one 
edition to Gold chains, shewing more regard to the metal of 
which the chains of Aldermen are made, than to the beaut 
of the Latinism and Grecism, nay of figurative speech itself : 
Letas segetes, glad, for making glad, &c. Scrise.” ia 

ow 


MR, LEWIS THEOBALD. TIT 


Now Night descending, the proud scene was o’er,: 

But liv’d, in Settle’s * numbers, one day more. 

Now May’rs and Shrieves all hush’d and satiate lay, 

Yet eat, in dreams, the custard of the day ; 

While pensive Poets painful vigils keep, 

Sleepless themselves, to give their readers sleep. 
Much to the mindful Queen the feast recalls 

What City Swans once sung within the walls; | 

Much she revolves their arts, their ancient praise, ' 

And sure succession down from Heywood’s + days. 

She saw with joy the line immortal run, 

Each sire imprest and glaring in his son ; 

So watchful Bruin forms with plastic care 

Each growing lump, and brings it to a Bear. 

She saw old Prynne { in restless Daniel shine, 

And Eusden § eke ont Blackmore's endless line; 


* «Settle was alive at this time, and Poet to the City of 
London. His office was to compose yearly panegyrics upon the 
Lord Mayors, and verses to be spoken in the ead But that 
part of the shows being frugally at length abolished, the employ- 
ment of City Poet ceased ; so that upon Settle's demise there was 
no successor to that place, ‘This important point of time our 
Poct has chosen as the Crisis of the Kingdom of Dulness, who 
thereupon decrees to remove her Imperial Seat: To which great 
enterprize, all things being ready, she calls the Hero of this 
Poem.” Annotator in 1729. 

+ “John Heywood, whose Entertainments were printed in 
Henry the Eighth’s time.” Original Evlition, 

$ “The first Edition had it, ‘She saw in Norton all his father 
shine:’ a great mistake! for Daniel De Foe had parts; but Nor- 
ton De Foe was a wretched writer, and never attempted Poetry. 
Much more justly is Daniel himself made successor to William 
Prynne, both of whom wrote Verses as well as Politics; as appears 

‘by the Poem De jure divino, &c. of De Foe, and by these lines in 
Cowley's Miscellanies of the other: 
One lately did not fear 
(Without the Muses’ leave) to plant verse here. 
But it produe'd such base, rough, crabbed, Hedge- 
rhymes, as e’en set the hearers’ ears on edge : 
Written by William Prynn, Esqui-re, the 
Year of our Lord, six hundred thirty three. 
Brave Jersey Muse! and he's for his high style 
Call'd to this day the Homer of the Isle. 
And both these Authors had a resemblance in their fates as well 
as writings, having been alike sentenced to the Pillory.” 
Annotator in 1729 ; improved in 1742. 
§ “ Laurence Eusden, Poct Laureate. Mr. Jacob gives a oad 
logue 


718 ILLUSTRATIONS’ OF LITERATURE. 


She saw slow Philips creep like Tate’s * poor page, 
And all the mighty Mad in Dennis rage t. 


logue of some few only of his works, which were very numerous. 
Mr. Cook, in his Battle of Poets, saith of him, 

Eusden, a laurel’d Bard, by fortune rais'd, 

By very few was read, by fewer prais‘d. 

Mr. Oldmixon, in his Arts of Logic and Rhetoric, p. 413, 414, 
affirms, ‘That of all the Galimatia’s he ever met with, none 
comes up to some verses of this Poet, which have as much of the 
Ridiculum and the Fustian in them as can well be jumbled toge- 
ther, and are of that sort of nonsense which so perfectly con- 
founds all ideas, that there is no distinct one left in the mind. 
Further he says of him, ‘ That he hat rit eae his own Po- 
etry shall be sweeter than Catullus, Ovid, and Tibullus; but we 
have little hope of the accomplishment of it from what he hath 
lately published.’ Upon which Mr. Oldmixon has not spared a 
reflection, ‘ That the putting the Laurel on the head of one who 
writ such verses, will give futurity a very ek idea of the judg- 
ment and justice of those who bestowed it.’ 417. But 
the well-known learning of that Noble Ponte bg was then 
Lord Chamberlain, might have screened him from this unman- 
‘nerly reflection—Mr. Eusden was made Laureate for the same 
reason that Mr. Tibbald was made Hero of This Poem, because 
there was no better to be had. Nor ought Mr. Oldmixon to 
complain, so long after, that the Laurel would have better be- 
come his own brows, or any other's: It were more decent to ac- 
quiesce in the opinion of the Duke of Buckingham upon this 
matter [in his Session of Poets :} 

*  —In rush'd Eusden, and cry'd, Who shall have it, 

But I, the true Laureate to whom the King gave it ? 

Apollo begg'd pardon, and granted his claim, ' 

But vow'd that ‘till then he ne'er heard of his name.” 
[To the preceding note of 1729, the learned Commentator in 
1742 aids, ‘‘ The same plea might also serve for his successor, 
Mr. Cibber ; and is further strengthened in the following Epi- 
gram, made on that occasion : 

In merry old England it once was a rule, 

The King had his Poet, and also his Fool : 

But now we're so frugal, I'd have you to know it, 

That Cibber can serve both for Fool and for Poet.) 

* « Nahum Tate was Poet Laureate, a cold writer, of no in- 
vention ; but sometimes translated tolerably when befriended by 
Mr. Dryden, In his Second Part of Absalom and Achitophel 
are above two hundred admirable lines together of that great 
hand, which strongly shine through the insipidity of the rest. 
Something parallel may be observed of another Author here 
mentioned.” Annotator in 1729. 

+ “ This is by no means to be understood literally, as if Mr. 
Dennis were really mad [according to the Narrative of Dr. Nor- 

tis 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 719 


“Tn each, she marks her image full exprest, 
But chief in Tispavp’s * monster-breeding breast ; 


ris in Swift and Pope's Miscellanies, vol. III.] _No—it is spoken 
of that Excellent and Divine Madness, so often mentioned by 
Plato ; that poetical rage and enthusiasm, with which Mr. Den- 
nis hath, in his time, been highly possessed ; and of those ertra- 
ordinary hints and motions whereof he himself so feelingly treats 
in his Preface to the Remarks on Prince Arthur. — This verse in 
the surreptitious Editions stood thus, _ 

* And furious D——n foam in Wh——’s rage "" 
which, in that printed in Ireland, was unaccountably filled up 
with the great name of Dgypen.” Annotator in 1729. 

* « Lewis Tibbald (as pronounced) or Theobald (as written) was 
bred an Attorney, and son of an Attorney. He was Author of 
many forgotten Plays, Poems, and other Pieces, and of several 
anonymous Letters in praise of them in Mist’s Journal. He was 
concerned ina paper called The Censor, and a Translation of » 
Ovid, as we find from Dennis's Remarks on Pope's Homer, pp. 
9, 10. ‘ There is a notorious Idiot, one hight Whachum; who, 
from an underspur-leather to the Law, is become an understrap- 
per to the Play-house, who has lately burlesqued the Metamor- 
phoses of Ovid by a vile Translation, &e. ‘This fellow is con- 
cerned in an impertinent paper called The Censor."— But, not- 
withstanding this severe character, another Critic says of him, 
* that he has given us some pieces which met with approbation ; 
and that The Cave of Poverty is an excellent Poem.’ Jacob's Lives of 
the Poets, vol. II, p. 211. — He had once a mind to translate the 
Odyssey, the First Book whereof was printed in 1717 by B. Lin- 
tot; and probably may yet be seen at his shop. What is still 
in memory is a piece now almost two years old; it had the title 
of Shakespeare Restored, Of this he was so proud himself, as to 
say in one of Mist's Journals, June 8, ‘ that to expose any errors 
in it was impracticable.’ And in another, April 27, ‘ that, 
whatever care might for the future be taken, either by Mr. Pope 
or any other assistants, he would still give above 500 emendations 
that shall escape them all.’ — During two whole years, while Mr; 
Pope was preparing his Edition, he published Advertisements, re- 
questing assistance, and promising satisfaction to any who could 
contribute to its greater perfection. But this Restorer, who was 
at that time soliciting favours of him by letters, did wholly con- 
ceal his design till after its publication (which he was since not 
ashamed to own, in a Daily Journal of Nov. 26, 1728). And then 
an outcry was made in the Prints, that our Author had joined 
with the Bookseller to raise an extravagant subscription; in which 
he had no share, of which he had no knowledge, and against which 
he had publicly advertised in his own Proposals for Homer.—Proba- 
bly that proceeding elevated Tibbald to the dignity he holds in this 
Poem, which he seems to deserve no other way better than his bre- 
thren; unless we impute it to the share he had in the Journals cited 
among the Testimonies of Authors prefixed to this Work.” Ibid. 

Sees 


720 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Sees Gods with Demons * in’strange league engage, 
And Earth, and Heaven, and Hell, ‘her battles wage, 
* She ey’d the Bard, where supperless the sate, 

And pin’d, unconscious of his rising fate ; 
Studious he sate, with all his. books around, «| : 
Sinking from thought to thought, a vast profound!” 
Plung’d for his sense, but found no bottom there ; 
Then writ, and flounder’d on, in mere despair. 

He roll’d his eyes that witness’d huge dismay, 

Where yet unpawn’d much learned lamber lay : 
Volumes {, | whose size the space exactly fill’d, 

Or which fond Authors were so good to gild; 

Or where, by sculpture made for ever known, 

The page admires new beauties, not its own. 

Here swells the shelf with Ogilby§ the great: 

There, stamp’d with arms, Newcastle || shines compleat: 


* “This, I presume, alludes to the extravagancies of the Farces 
of the Author.” Original Edition. —‘ In which he alone could 
properly be represented as successor to Settle, who had written 
Pope Joan, St. George for England, and other pieces, for Bartle- 
mew Fair.” Addition in 1729. 

+ ‘It is amazing how the sense of this has been mistaken by 
all the Commentators, who most idly suppose it to imply that the 
Hero of the Poem wanted a supper. In truth a great absurdity ! 
Not that we are ignorant that the Hero of Homer's Odyssey is 
frequently in that circumstance, and therefore it can no way de- 
rogute from the grandeur of Epic Poem to represent such Hero 
under a calamity, to which the greatest not only of Criticks and 
Poets, but of Kings and Warriors, have been subject. But much 
more refined, I will venture to say, is the meaning of our Author: 
It was to give us obliquely a curious precept, of, what Bossu calls 
a disguised sentence, that ‘ Temperance is the life of Study.’” Ibid. 

} “ This Library is divided into two parts; the one (his pe- 
lite Jearning) consists of those books which seem to be the 
model of his Poetry; and are preferred for one of these three 
reasons (usual with Collectors of Libraries) that they fitted 
the shelves, or were gilded for shew, or adorned with pictures. 
The other class our Author calls solid learning ; old bodies of 
Philosophy, old Commentators, old English Printers, or old 
English Translations; all very voluminous, and fit to erect Altars 
to Dulness.” Ibid. , 

§ “ John Ogilby was one, who, from a late initiation into 
Literature, made such a progress as might well style him the pro- 
digy of his time ! sending into the world so many large Volumes ! 
His Translation of Homer and Virgil done to the life, and with 
such excellent sculptures: And (what added great grace to his 
works) he printed them all on special good paper, and in a very 
good letter. Winstanly, Lives of Poets.” Ibid. 

i“ «The Duchess of Newcastle was one who busied herself in 

the 


‘MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 721 


Here all his suffering brotherhood retire, _ 
And scape the martyrdom of jakes and fire ; 
A Gothic Vatican! of Greece and Rome, 
Well purg’d, and worthy * Withers, Quarles, and Blomet. 
“ But high above, more solid Learning shone, 
The Classicks of an Age that heard of none; 
There Caxton { slept, with Wynken at his side, ~ 
One clasp’d in wood, and one in strong cow-hide, 
There, sav’d by spice, like mummies, many a year, 
Old Bodies of Philosophy appear : ‘ 
De Lyra § there a dreadful front extends, 
And here, the groaning shelves Philemon || bends. 
“ Of these, twelve volumes, twelve of amplest size, 
Redeem’d from tapers and defrauded pyes, 


the ravishing delights of Poetry ; leaving to posterity in print 
three ample Volumes of her studious endeavours.’ Winstanly, 
ibid.—Langbaine reckons up eight Folios of her Grace's ; which 
were usually adorned with gilded covers, and had her coat of arms 
upon them.” Annotator in 1729. ’ ; 

* « Tt was printed in the surreptitious editions Wesley, Watts, 
who were persons eminent for good life; the one writ the ‘ Life 
of Christ’ in verse, the other some valuable pieces in the Lyric 
kind on pious subjects. The line is here restored according to 
its original. ‘ George Withers was a great pretender to pectheal 
zeal against the vices of the times, and abused the greatest per- 
so in power, which brought upon him frequent Correction. 
The Marshalsea and Newgate were no strangers to him.’ Win- 
stanly. — Quarles was as dull a writer, but an honester man, 
Blome's books are remarkable for their cuts.” Ibid. 

+ Blome was aftérwards discarded,. and. Broome substituted. 

{ “A Printer in the time of Edw, IV. Rich. II. and Hen. 
VU; Wynken de Worde, his successor, in that of Hen. VII. and 
VUII. The former translated into prose Virgil's Aineis, as a 
history ; of which he speaks, in his Proeme, in a very singular. 
manner, as of a book hardly known.—Tibbald quotes a rare 

from him in Mist's Journal of March 16, 1728-9, concern- 
ing a straunge and marvayllouse beaste called Sagittarye, which 
he would have Shakespeare to mean rather than Teucer, the, 
archer celebrated by Homer.” Ibid. ; 

§ “ Nicholas de Lyra, or Harpsfield, a very voluminous Com- 
mentator; whose Works, in five vast Folios, were printed in1742."Ib. 

l| ‘« Philemon Holland, Doctor in Physic. He translated so. 
many books, that a man would think he had done nothing. else;, 
insomuch that he might be called Translator-general of his age. 
The books alone of his turning into English are sufficient to 
make a Country Gentleman a complete Library.” Ibid... - 

VOL. 11. 3A Inspir’d 


722 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Tnspir’d he seizes. These an altar raise: 
An hecatomb of pure, unsully’d lays : 
That altar crowns: A Folio Common-place 
Founds the whole pile, of all his Works the base; 
Quarto’s, octavo’s, shape the lessening pyre ; . 
And, last, a little Ajax * tips the spire. 

“Then he: ‘ Great Tamer of all human art! 
First in my care, and nearest at my heart : 
Du.tness! whose good old cause I yet defend, 
With whom my Muse began, with whom shall end! 
O thou, of business the directing soul, 
To human beads like byass to the bowl, 
Which as more pond’rous makes their aim more true, ~ 
Obliquely waddling to the mark in view, 
O ever gracious to perplex’d mankind ; 
Who spread a healing mist before the mind, 
And, lest we err by Wit’s wild, dancing light, 
Secure us kindly in our native Night. 
Ah ! still o’er Britain stretch that peaceful wand, 
Which Julls th’ Helvetian and Batavian land ; 
Where rebel to thy throne if Science rise, ~ : 
She does but shew her coward face, and dies; _ 
There, thy good Scholiasts with unwearied pains 
Make Horace flat, and humble Maro’s strains: 
Here studious I unlucky Moderns save, 
Nor sleeps one error in its father’s grave, 
Old puns restore, lost blunders nicely seek t, 
And crucify poor Shakespeare once a week f. 


* “1n duodecimo, translated from Sophocles.” Original Edit. 
+ “As where he laboured to prove Shakespeare guilty of ter- 
rible Anachronisms, or low Conundrums, which Time had covered ; 
and conversant in such Authors as Carton and Wynken, rather 
than in Homer or Chaucer. Nay, so far had he lost his reverence 
to this incomparable Author, as to say in print, He deserved to 
be whipt; an insolence which nothing sure can parallel! but 
that of Dennis, who can be proved to have declared before com- 
pany, thatShakespeare was a rascal. O tempora! O mores! ScriBy.” 
Annotator in 1729. 
¢ “For some time, once a week or fortnight, he printed in 
Mist's Journal a single remark, or poor conjecture, on some 
word or pointing of Shakespeare, either in his own name, or in 
letters to himself as from others without name. 
Upon these somebody made this Epigram, 
* ‘Tis generous, Tibbald! in thee and thy brothers, 
To help us thus to read the Works of others: 
Never 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD.) |! 723 


For thee I dim these eyes, and stuff this head, 
With all such reading as was never read *; 
For thee supplying, in the worst of days, 
Notes to dull Books, and Prologues to dull Plays; 
For thee explain a thing till all men doubt it, 
And write about it, Goddess, and about it. 

“ So spins the silk-worm small its slender store, 
And labours, ’till it clouds itself all o’er. 
Not that my quill to Critiques was confin’d, 
My Verse gave ampler lessons to mankind ; 
So gravest precepts may successless prove, 
But sad examples never fail to move. 
As forc’d from wind-guns, lead itself can fly, 
And pond’rous slugs cut swiftly thro’ the sky : 
As clocks to weight their nimble motion owe, 
The wheels above urg’d by the load below; 
Me, Emptiness and Dulness could i inspire, 
And were my Elasticity, and Fire. 
Had Heaven decreed such works a longer date, 
Heaven had decreed to spare the Grubstreet-state. 
But see great SETTLE to the dust descend, 
And all thy cause and empire at an end ! 
Could Troy be sav’d by any single hand; ; 
His grey-goose weapon must have made her stand. iv 
But what can 1? my Flaccus { cast aside, 
Take up th’ Attorney’s§ (once my better) Guide? 
Or rob the Roman geese || of all their glories, 
And save the State by cackling to the Tories ? 


Never for this can just returns be showy 
For who will help us e’er to read thy own?”"” Aninotator 1729. 

* « Such as Caxton above mentioned, the Three Destructions 
of Troy by Wynken, and other like Classicks.” Ibid. 

+ “ As to Covk's Hesiod, where sometimes a note, and some- 
times even half a note, are carefully owned by him: And to 
Moore's Comedy of the Rival Modes, and other Authors of the 
same rank. These were people who writ about the year 1726.” Ib. 

} “A familiar manner of speaking, used by modern Criticks of 
a favourite Author. Mr. Tibbald might as justly speak thus of 
Horace, as a French Wit did of Tully, seeing his works in a li- 
b : Ah! mon cher Ciceron! Je le connois bien: c'est le meme 
que Marc Tulle.” Ibid. 

§ “ In allusion to his first profession of an Attorney.” Ibid. 

|| “« Relates to the well-known story of the geese that saved the 
Capitol, of which Virgil, Zin. 8. 

Sad Atque 


724 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Yes, to my Country I my pen consign ; 
Yes, from this moment, mighty A/ist *! am thine, 
And rival, Curtius! of thy fame and zeal, 
O’er head and ears plunge for the public weal. 
Adieu, my children ¢ ! better thus expire 
Unstall’d, unsold, thus glorious mount in fire, 
Fair without spot; than greas’d by grocer’s hands, ~ 
Or shipp’d with Ward { to ape and monkey lands, 
Or, wafting ginger, round the streets to go, 
And visit alehouse where ye first did grow.’ 

‘¢ With that, he lifted thrice the sparkling brand, 
And thrice he dropt it from his quiv’ring hand : 


Atque hic auratis volitans argenteus anser 
Porticibus, Gallos in limine adesse canebat. 

«A passage I have always suspected. Who sees not the anti- 
thesis of auratis and argenteus to be unworthy the Virgilian Ma- 
jesty? and what absurdity to say, a goose sings? canebat? Virgil 
gives a contrary character of the voice of this silly bird, in Ecl. 9. 

'—— argutos instrepere anser olores. 
Read it, therefore, adesse strepebat. And why auratis porticibus? 
Does not the very verse preceding this inform us, 

led recens horrebat regia culmo. 

Is this Thatch in one line, and Gold in another, consistent? 1 
écruple not (repugnantibus omnibus manuscriptis) to correct it, au- 
ritis. Horace uses the same epithet in the same sense, 
auritas fidibus cunoris 
; Ducere quercus. 
And to say that Walls have Ears, is common, even to a pro- 
verb. Scrist.” <Annotator in 1729. ’ 

* « Nathaniel Mist was publisher of a famous Tory Paper, ‘in 
which this Author was sometimes permitted to have a part.” Ibid. 

+ “This is a tender and passionate apostrophe to his own 
Works which he is going to sacrifice, le to the best na- 
ture of man in great affliction, and reflecting like a parent on 
the many miserable fates to which they would otherwise be subject. 
Virg. En. 3.—— Felix Priameia virgo ! 

Jussa mori: que sortitus non pertulit ullos, 

Nec victoris heri tetigit captiva cubile ! 

Nos patria incens4, divers per equora vecte, &e.” Ib, 
¢ “Edward Ward, a very voluminous Poet in Hudibrastick 
verse; but best known by The London Spy, in Prose. He has of 
late years kept a public house in the City (but in a genteel way), 
and with his wit, humour, and good liquor (Ale), afforded his 
guests a pleasurable entertainment, especially those of the High- 
church party. Jacob, Lives of the Poets, vol. IL p. 25.—Great 
numbers of his Works are yearly sold into the Plantations. He 
wrote a wretched thing against our Author, called Durgen.” Ibid. 
Then 


MR, LEWIS THEOBALD. 725° 


Then lights the structure, with averted eyes; 
The rowling smokes involve the sacrifice. 

The opening clouds disclose each work by turns, 
Now flames * old Memnon +, now Rodrigot burns, 
In one quick flash see Proserpine § expire ; 

And, last, his own cold Z4schylus || took fire. 

Then gush’d the tears, as from the Trojan’s eyes 
When the last blaze sent Ilion to the skies. 

“ Rouz’d by the light, old DuLiNess heav’d the head, 
Then snatch’d a sheet of Thulé ** from her bed; 
Sudden she flies, and whelms it o’er the pyre, 
Down sink the flames, and with a hiss expire. 

‘¢ Her ample presence fills up all the place ; 
A veil of fogs dilates her awful face ; 
Great in her charms as when on Shrieves and May’rs 
She looks, and breathes herself into their airs. 
She bids him wait her to the sacred Dome tt; 
Well-pleas’d he enter’d, and confess’d his Home; 


* « Plays and Farces of Tibbald.” Original Edition. 

+ Memnon, a Hero in the Persian Princess, very apt to take 
fire, as appears by these lines with which he begins the Play: 

By heav'n it fires my frozen blood with rage, 5 
And makes it seald my aged trunk. Annotator in 1729. 

+ “ Rodrigo, the chief personage of the Perfidious Brother, a 
Play written between Theobald and a Watchmaker.” Ibid. 

§ “The Rape of Proserpine, one of the Farces of this Author, 
in which Ceres set fire to a Corn-field, which endangered the 
burning of the Play-house.” Ibid. 

|| «He had been (to use an expression of our Poet) about 
ZEschylus for ten years, and had received subscriptions for the 
same, but then went about other books. The character of this 
Tragic Poet is Fire and Boldness in a high degree: but our Au- 
thor supposes it to be very much cooled by the Translation. 

Upon sight of a specimen of it, was made this Epigram : 

Alas! poor Aéschylus! unlucky dog ! 

Whom once a Lobster kill’d, and now a Log. 
But this-is a grievous error; for Aschylus was not slain by the 
fall of a Lobster on his head, but of a Tortoise, teste Val. Max. 
1. ix. cap. 12. Scrisx.” Ibid. 

** « An unfinished Poem of that name, of which one sheet 
was finished fifteen years ago; by 4. Ph. a Northern Author, It 
is an usual method of putting out a fire, to cast wet sheets 
upon it. Some Critics have been of opinion, that this sheet was 
of the nature of the Asbestos, which cannot be consumed by fire ; 
but I rather think it only an allegorical allusion to the coldness 
and heaviness of the writing.” Ibid. 

+t “He writ a Poem, called The Cave of Poverty, wer 8 

cludes 


726 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


So spirits, ending their terrestrial race, 
Ascend, and recognize their native place: 
Rapturd, he gazes round the dear retreat, 
And in sweet numbers celebrates the seat *. 

** Here to her Chosen all ber works she shows; 
Prose swell’d to verse, Verse loit’ring into prose ;, 
How random Thoughts now meaning chance to find, 
Now leave all memory of sense behind: 

How Prologues into Prefaces decay, 

And these to Notes are fritter’d quite away. 

How Index-learning turns no student pale, 

Yet holds the Eel of Science by the Tail. 

How, with less reading than makes felons ’scape, 

Less human genius than God gives an ape, 

Small thanks to France, and none to Rome or Greece, 
A past, vamp’d, future, old, reviv’d, new piece, 
?Twixt Plautus, Fletcher, Congreve, and Corneille, 
Can make a Cibber+, Johnson f, or Ozell §. 


cludes with a very extraordinary wish, ‘ that some great genius, 
or man of distinguished merit, may be starved, in order to cele- 
‘brate her power,,and describe her Cave.’ It was printed in oc- 
tavo, 1715." Annotator in 1729. 

* « The Cave of Poverty, above mentioned; where he no sooner 
enters, but he reconnoitres the place of his original; as Plato 
says the Spirits shall do, at their entrance into the celestial re- 
gions. His Dialogue of the Immortality of the Soul was trans- 
lated by Tibbald in the familiar modern style of Prithee, Phedo ; 
and For God's sake, Socrates: Printed for B, Lintot, 1713." Ibid. 

t “Mr. Colley Cibber, an Author and Actor ; of a good share 
of wit, and uncommon vivacity, which are much improved by the 
conversation he enjoys, which is of the best, Jacob, Lives of Dra- 
matic Poets, p.38. Besides two Volumes of Plays in quarto, he 
made up and translated several others.—Mr. Jacob omitted to re- 
mark, that he is particularly admirable in Tragedy.” Ibid. 

+ “Charles Johnson, famous for writing a Play every season, 
and for being at Button’s every day. He had probably thriven 
better in his vocation, had he been a small matter Jeaner. He may 
justly be called a martyr to obesity, and to have fallen a victim 
to the rotundity of his parts. Character of the Times, p. 19.— 
Some of his Plays are, Love in a Forest (Shakespeare's As You 
Like It); Wife’s Relief (Shirley's Gamester); The Victim (Ra- 
cine’s Iphigenia) ; The Sultaness (Racine's Bajazet, the Prologue 
to which abused Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr, Pope, and Mr. Gay) ; “The 
Cobler of Preston, his own.” Ibid. 

§ “Mr. John Ozell, if we may credit Mr. Jacob, did go to 
school in Leicestershire, where somebody left him something to 
live on, when he shall retire from business. He was designed to 

be 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 727 


“‘The Goddess then, o’er his anointed head, . 
With mystic words, the sacred Opium shed ; 
And lo! her Bird, a monster of a fowl ! 
Something betwixt a Heidegger * and Owl, 
Perch’d on his crown. ¢ All hail! and hail again, 
My Son! the promis’d land expects thy reign, 
Know, Settle, cloy’d with custard, and with praise, 
Is gather’d to the Dud/ of antient days, 
Safe, where no Criticks damn, no Duns molest, 
Where Gildon +, Banks ¢, and high-born Howard rest §, 
I see a King, who leads my chosen sons, 
To lands which flow with clenches, and with puns, 
Till each fam’d theatre my empire own, 
Till Albion, as Hibernia, bless my throne! 
isee! Isee! Then, rapt, the smoke no more; 
** God save King TisBALp”’ Grubstreet Alleys roar ||. 


be sent to Cambridge in order for Priesthood ; but he chose ra- 
ther to be placed in an office of accounts in the City, being quali- 
fied for the same by his skill in Arithmetick, and writing the ne- 
cessary hands. He has obliged the world with many Translations of 
French Plays.’ Jacob, Lives of Dramatic Poets, p. 198." Annot. 1729. 

* “A strange bird from Switzerland. Here, in the Dublin 
Edition, was absurdly inserted the name of an eminent Lawyer 
and Member of Parliament, who was a man of wit, and a friend 
of the Author.” Ibid. wine 

+ ‘Charles Gildon, a writer of criticisms and libels of the last 
age, bred at St. Omer’s with the Jesuits ; but, renouncing Po? 
pery, he published Blount’s books against the Divinity of Christ, 
* The Oracles of Reason,’ &c. He signalized himself as a Critic, 
having written some very bad Plays; abused Mr: P: very scan- 
dalously in an anonymous pamphlet of the ‘ Life of Mr. Wych- 
erly,’ printed by Curll; in another called ‘The New Rehearsal,” 
printed in 1714; in a third, entitled, ‘ The Complete Art of 
English Poetry,’ jntwo volumes, and others. Ibid. * 

} ‘‘ Author of the Play of ‘ The Earl of Essex,’ « Ann Boleyn,’ 
&c, He followed the Law, as a Solicitor, like Tibbald.” Ibid. 

§ * The Honourable Edward Howard was Author of the Bri- 
tish Princes, and a great number of wonderful pieces, celebrated 
by the late Earls of Dorset and Rochester, Duke of Buckingham, 
Mr. Waller, &c.” Ibid. 

|). « See his ‘ sop’s Fables,’ where this excellent hemystic is to 
be found. Our Author manifests, here and elsewhere, a prodi- 
gious tenderness for the bad writers. We see he selects the only 
good passage perhaps in all that ever Ogilby writ; which shews 
how candid and patient a reader he must have been. What can 
be more kind and affectionate than these words in the Preface to 
his Poems, where he labours to call up our humanity and forgive- 
ness toward these unlucky men, by the most moderate represen- 

tation 


728 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


*€ So when Jove’s block descended from on high, 
(As sings thy great forefather Ogilby) 
Loud thunder to the bottom shook the bog, : 
And the hoarse nation croak’d, God save King Log? 
Again, when the Hero is exalted to the Throne, 
“* High on a gorgeous seat, that far out-shone 
Henley’s gilt tub, or Flecknoe’s Irish throne, 
Or that, where on her Curlls the publick pours : 
All-bounteous, fragrant grains, and golden show’rs: 
Great TisBaLp nods: The proud Parnassian sneer, 
The conscious simper, and the jealous leer, 
Mix on his look. “All eyes direct their rays 
On him, and crowds grow foolish as they gaze *.” — 


tation of the case that has ever been given by any Author? ‘ Much 
may be said to extenuate the fault of bad Poets: what we call a 
genius is hard to be distinguished, by a man himself, from a pre- 
valent inclination : and if it be never so great, he can at first dis- 
cover it no other way than by that strong propensity which ren- 
ders him the more liable to be mistaken. He has no other me- 
thod but to make the experiment, by writing, and so pice | 
to the judgment of others: and if he Gapped to write ill (whic 
is certainly no sin in itself) he is immediately made the object 
of ridicule! I wish we had the humanity to reflect, that even 
the worst Authors might endeavour to please us, and, in that 
endeavour, deserve something at our hands. We have no cause 
to quarrel with them, but for their obstinacy in persisting ; and 
even that may admit of alleviating circumstances: for their par- 
ticular friends may be either ignorant or unsincere ; and the rest 
of the world too well bred to shock them with a truth which 
nerally their Booksellers are the first that inform them of’— 
how much all indulgence is lost upon these people may oe 
from the just reflection made on their constant conduct and 
constant fate, in the following Epigram : 
Ye little Wits, that gleam'd awhile, 
When Pope vouchsaf'd a ray, 
Alas! depriv'’d of his kind smile, 
How soon ye fade away ! 
* To compass Phoebus’ car about, 
Thus empty vapours rise ;" 
Each lends his cloud, to put him out, 
That rear'd him to the skies, 
“Alas! those skies are not your sphere ; 
There he shall ever burn. 
Weep, weep, and fall! for Earth ye were, 
And must to Earth return.’” Annotator in 1729. 
* These eight lines were not in the Original Edition; but were 
first inserted in the much-enlarged Quarto of 1728-9. Th 
e 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 729 


The ridicule which had been leveled against Mr. 
Theobald, in common with many of his contemporary 
friends, in the Treatise on the Bathos*, inserted by 
rot and Swift in their “ Miscellanies, 1727,” he 
had met with perfect indifference; or at. most. had 
retaliated by a humourous Epigram or Essay: but 
he must have been more or less than man, had he 
tamely submitted to the accumulated insults of The 
Dunciad-+. The cruel hints at his indigence, wan- 
tonly exaggerated, were acre provoking; but 
the more inapplicable charge of Blockheadry was to 
Theobald the most mortifying part of the attack f, 

As an individual, Theobald’s notices of Mr. Pope 
had hitherto been uniformly respectful ; and of this 
the passages already cited from the Preface to Shake- 
speare Restored § are abundant evidence. 

Of the poetical talents of his great antagonist, he 
was a sincere and zealous admirer; nor in that 
character shall I presume to place him in the most 
distant degree of comparison. In the ingenuous ar- 
dour of a youthful and congenial mind, he had ex- 
tolled the Translation of the diad; and had even re- 
linquished his own projected version of the Odys- 
sey, after printing a single book of it as a specimen. 
But in an intimate acquaintance with the Greek and 

* « Theobald, the professed Rival of Pope in the Editorship 
of Shakespeare, and, probably, for this reason the original Hero 
of The Dunciad, by the escape of one unlucky line, 

* None but himself can be his parallel, 
gave that wicked Wit a real advantage over him, and justly ex- 
posed himself to the keenest severity of his satire. And yet, in- 
defensible as palpable absurdity most assuredly is, éhat just now 
quoted, might have pleaded the authority of Seneca; in whose ‘ Her- 
cules furens’ we have the following very extraordinary passage : 
’ queris Alcidw parem ? 
Nemo est nisi ipse; bella jam secum gerat. 

“It hence appears (what has not, I think, been remarked be- 
fore), that this celebrated line of Theobald,-the Ludus jocusque 
Criticorum, had, after all, only the secondary merit of being a 
literal translation.” Rev. E. Kynaston, in Gent. Mag. vol. L. p. 507. 

+ On both these subjects more will be found in the article which 
treats on the Origin of The Dunciad. 

{ See hereafter, p. 734, § See befure, p. 714. 

Roman 


730 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Roman Classicks, he was at least on an equality with 
Mr. Pope—perhaps even his superior * ; and in old 
English Literature, though sarcastically styled “such 
reading as was never read,” he was scarcely excelled 
even by his very learned Friend Mr. Warburton, — 
But of this enough, and perhaps more than enough, 

It was not originally the intention of Theobald to 
become a regular Editor of Shakespeare's Works. 
In the middle of the year 1728, he put out Proposals 
for publishing only ‘“ Emendations ‘and Remarks 
on Shakespeare-};” a Work for which he received 
very great encouragement, and particularly the unre- 
mitted assistance of Mr. Warburton. ‘The reasons 
for changing his intention he shall himself explain¢. 


* See, inter alia, his Remarkson Paterculus, pp.283,569; on Athe- 
neus, p. 584; on Suidas, p. 596; and on Aristophanes, p 600. 
+ In the Preface to the second Edition of his “* Double Fals- 
hood,” 1728-9, he first gave the intimation of publishing Shake- 
speare’s whole Works, ‘ corrected with his best care and ability.” 
See before, p. 710. 
¢ “I had not gone on many months in this scheme, before T 
found it to be the unanimous wish of those who did me the 
honour of their Subscriptions, that I would give them the Poet's 
Text corrected; and that I would subjoin those Explanatory Re- 
marks which I had purposed to publish upon the foot of my first 
Proposals. Earnest solicitations were made to me, that I would 
think of such an Edition; which L had as strong desires to listen 
to: and some Noble persons then, whom I have no privilege to 
name, were pleased to interest themselves so far in the affair, as 
to propose to Mr. Tonson his undertaking an impression of 
Shakespeare with my ¢orrections. The throwing my whole Work 
into a different form, to comply with this Proposal, was not the 
slightest labour: and so no little time was unavoidably lost. 
While the arcmin of my Remarks was thus respited, my 
enemies took an unfair occasion to suggest that I was extorting 
money from my Subscribers, without ever designing to give them 
any thing for it; an insinuation leveled at once to wound me in 
reputation and interest. Conscious, however, of my own just 
intentions, and labouring all the while to bring my wished pur- 
pose to bear, I thought these anonymous slanderers worthy of 
no notice. A justification of myself would have been givi 
them argument for fresh abuse ; and I was willing to believe 
that any unkind opinions, entertained to my prejudice, would 
naturally drop, and lose their force, when the publick should 
once be convinced that I was in earnest, and ready to do them 
justice. I left no means untried to put it in my power to do 
this : 


MR, LEWIS , THEOBALD. 731 


The assistance which he met with from particular 
Friends towards forwarding and completing the 
Work is fully and handsomely acknowledged t. 


this: and T hope, without breach of modesty, I may venture to 
appeal to all candid judges, whether I have not employed all my 
power to be just to them in the execution of my task. I must 
needs have been in the most pain, who saw myself daily so bar- 
barously outraged. I might have taken advantage of the favour- 
able impression entertained of my Work, and hurried it crudely 
into the world: but I have suffered, for my Author's sake, those 
impressions to cool, and perhaps be lost ; and can now appeal 
only to the judgment of the publick. If I succeed in this point, 
the reputation gained will be the more solid and lasting.” Preface. 
+ “ Soon after my design was known, I had the honour of an 
invitation toCambridge; anda generous promise from the learned 
and ingenious Dr. Thirlby, of Jesus College there, who had taken 
great pains with my Author, that I should have the liberty of 
collating his copy of Shakespeare, marked through in the mar- 
gin with his own manuscript references and accurate observa- 
tions. He not only made good this promise, but favoured me 
with a set of emendations, interspersed and distinguished in his 
name through the Edition, and which canneed norecommendation 
here to the judicious Reader.—The next assistance I received was 
from wy ingenious friend Hawley Bishop, esq, whose great pow- 
ers and extensive learning are as well known, as his uncommon 
modesty, to all who have the happiness of his acquaintance. This 
gentleman was so generous, at the expence both of his pocket 
and time, to run through all Shakespeare with me, We joined 
business and entertainment together; and at every of our meet- 
ings, which were constantly once a week, we read over a Play, 
and came mutually prepared.to communicate our conjectures 
upon it to each other. The pleasure of these appointments, I 
think, I may say, richly compensated for the labour in our own 
own thoughts: and I may venture to affirm, in the behalf of my 
assistant, that our Author has derived no little improvement 
from them.—To these, I must add the indefatigable zeal and 
industry of my most ingenious and ever-respected Friend, the 
Reverend Mr. Witttam Warsurton, of Newark-upon-Trent, 
This gentleman, from the motives of his frank and communica- 
tive disposition, voluntarily took a considerable part of the 
trouble off my hands; not only read over the whole Author for 
me with the exactest care; but entered into a long and labo- 
rious Epistolary Correspondence ;*to which I owe no small part 
of my best Criticisms upon my Author.—The number of passages 
amended, and admirably explained, which I have taken care to 
distinguish with his name, will shew a fineness of spirit and ex- 
tent of reading, beyond all the commendations I can give them. 
Nor, indeed, would 1 any farther be thought to commend a 
Friend, than, in so doing, to give a testimony of my own gra- 
titude. 


732 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


His obligations to Mr. Warburton in particular 
are expressed in the most glowing terms, in the long 
series of Letters which form so large a portion of the 
present Volume, commencing in March 1728-9, 
and continuing without intermission till May 1730. 

In the September following, the correspondence 
was renewed, on a new view which Mr. Warburton 
had taken of Shakespeare’s Works. : 


titude—How great a share soever of praise I must lose from 
myself, in confessing these assistances; and however my own 
poor conjectures may be weakened by the comparison with 
theirs; [ am very well content to sacrifice my vanity to the 
pride of being so assisted, and the pleasure of being just to their 
merits.—I beg leave to observe to my Readers, in one 
here, that from the confession of these successive aids, and the 
manner in which I derived them, it appears, I have pretty 
well filled up the interval, betwixt my first Proposals and my 
Publication, with having my Author always in view, and at 
heart.— Some hints I have the honour to owe to the infomma- 
tions of Dr. Mead and the late Dr. Freind ; others to the kind- 
ness of the ingenious Martin Folkes, esq. who likewise furnished 
me with the first Folio Edition of Shakespeare, at a time when I 
could not meet with it amony the Booksellers ; as my obliging 
friend Thomas Coxeter, ay aoe with several of the old Quarto 
single Plays, which I then had not in my own Collection. Some 
few observations I likewise owe to F. Plumptre, esq. ; others to 
the favour of anonymous persons: for all which I most gladly 
render my acknowledgments.—As to what regards myself singly, 
if the Edition do not speak for the pains I have taken about it, 
it will be very vain to plead my own labour and diligence. Besides 
a faithful collation of all the printed copies, which I have exhi- 
bited in my Catalogue of Editions at the end of this Work ; let 
it suffice to say, that, to clear up several errors in the Historical 
Plays, I purposely read over Hall and Holinshed's Chronicles in 
the Reigns concerned ; all the Novels in Italian from which our 
Author had borrowed any of his plots; such parts of Plutarch, 
from which he had derived any parts of his Greek or Roman 
story: Chaucer and Spenser's Works ; all the Plays of Ben Jon- 
son, Beaumont and Fletcher, and above 800 old English Plays, 
to ascertain the obsolete and uncommon phrases in him: not to 
mention some labour and pains unpleasantly spent in the dry 
task of consulting Etymological Glossaries.—But, as no labour of 
mine can be equivalent to the dear and ardent love I bear for 
Shakespeare ; so, if the Publick shall be pleased to allow that 
he owes any thing to my willingness and endeavours of restoring 
him ; I shall reckon the part of my life so engaged, to have been 
very happily employed ; and put myself, with great submission, 
to be tried by my country in the affair.” Preface. : 
Hitherto 


x 


MR, LEWIS THEOBALD, : 733 


Hitherto the ardour of affection on both sides 
appears to be unabated; for, though we have only 
at that period the Letters of Theobald (those of 
Warburton having been punctually returned); yet 
Theobald’s recapitulation of their sents (oh whichi 
the originals were in like manner returned) are the 
very echo of Warburton’s sentiments. 

n December 1730, Theobald, in the warmth of 
his heart, confided a secret of some consequence to 
his own future views in life. Not appalled by the 
ridiculous caricature of him in The Dunciad, he 
subsequently became an actual candidate for the 
office of Poet Laureate; and for that uperese was 
introduced by Lord Gage to Sir Robert Walpole, who 
recommended him warmly (though unsuccessfully) 
to the Duke of Grafton, then Lord Chamberlain ; and 
even procured those recommendations to beseconded 
by Frederick Prince of Wales *. oa iF ' 

Subsequent to this confidential communication, 
from what cause does not appear, a coolness arose 
between them; which was satisfactorily adjusted in 
November 1731; when Theobald having entered 
into a regular engagement with Tonson -f, for pub- 


* “JT have since waited on Sir Robert, to thank him for the 
trouble I gave him in that solicitation; and have the privilege to 
keep in his eye, with assurances of service. But, now I have 
frankly unburthened myself to you, as freely give me your friendly 
advice. — Shall I pursue this dream of expectation, and throw 
away a few hours in levée-haunting? or will it be more wise to 
wake at once from a fruitless delusion, and look on promises but 
as Courtiers' oratory? You will do me the justice to believe, my 
first quest was not on the motive of vanity, but to assist my for- 
tune. The same reason still remains; and I would fain sit down 
to my little studies with an easy competency. But I should be 
sorry to dance a vain dependence, and be rolling the stone of Si- 
syphus too long. I shall wholly determine myself on your decision ; 
and till then suspend the subject.” Letter to Mr. Warburton. 

+ See his Letter to Martin Folkes, esq. on this subject, p. 618 ; 
and Mr. Warburton, in a Letter to Dr. Stukeley, Nov. 10, 1731, 
says, ‘‘ Mr. Theobald has entered into articles for publishing 
Shakespeare with Tonson. It is to appear by next March t ; and 
he is to have for it eleven hundred guineas, and your humble ser- 
m + It did not appear till two years later. Z 
vant 


734 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


lishing an Edition of Shakespeare, Mr. Warburton 
renewed his correspondence by the communication 
of many valuable notes. o 

After a tedious progress through the press, the 
long-expected Edition appeared, in March 1733-4, 
inscribed to Lord Sonat in terms not dictated by 
the cold lengusge of a Stranger’s addressing a lofty 
Patron; but evi se? shewing a degree of intimacy 
with that illustrious Family, which he had long en- 
joyed, both with the noble Earl and with his Father. 

By this publication Theobald obtained both fame 
and money. A very numerous List of Subscribers is 
prefixed, including the Prince of Wales*, the Prin- 
cess Royal, Sir Robert and Sir Edward Walpole, 
nearly all the principal Nobility, and many respect- 
able Divines. 

In an entertaining Preface of 68 pages, in which Mr. 
Theobald was most particularly indebted to thefriend- 
ship of Mr. Warburton}, he has condensed a series of 


vant for his pains one copy of the Royal-paper books. But, as 
he has given me full satisfaction for his late conduct, and appears 
to be willing to perform the part of a man of honour, I absolve 
him from all hard thoughts, and am disposed to serve him all I 
can. This I thought proper, for good reasons, to let you know, 
whom I had acquainted with my (groundless as I am glad to find 
it) suspicions and complaints.” — Again, Feb. 4, 1731-2, “If you 
have an opportunity, pray ask Watts, by the bye, when Theobald's 
Shakespeare is like to come out.” 

* See before, p. 254. 

+ “ Tam extremely obliged for the tender concern you have 
for my reputation in what | am to prefix to my Edition: and this 
part, as it will come last in play, I shall certainly be so kind tomy- 
self to communicate in due time to your perusal. The whole 
affair of Prolegomena I have determined to soften into Preface, 
1 am so very cool as to my sentiments of my Adversary's 
that I think the Publick should not be too largely troubled with 
them. Blockheadry is the chief hinge of his satire upon me; 
and if my Edition do not wipe out that, } ought to be content to 
let the charge be fixed: if it do, the reputation gained will be a 
greater triumph than resentment—But, dear Sir, will you, at 
your leisure hours, think over for me upon the contents, topics, 
orders, &c. of this branch of my labour? You have a compre- 
hensive memory, and a happiness of digesting the matter joined 
to it, which my head is often too much embarrassed to perform ; 

let 


MR. LEWIS’ THEOBALD: © ~ 735 


Essays connected with the main subject of his Com- 
mentaty; particularly, an elaborate Defence of Literal 
Criticism *; a Sketch of Shakespeare’s general Cha- 


let that be the excuse for my inability. But how unreasonable is 
it to expect this labour, when-it is the only part in which I shall 
not be able to be just to my friends ; for, to confess assistance in 
a Preface will, | am afraid, make me appear too naked. Rymer’s 
extravagant rancour against our Author, under the umbrage of 
Criticism, may, { presume, find a place here.” Nov. 18, 1731. 

In his next Letter he says, “I intend very soon to trouble 
you with a prosecution of the Preface. To guess yet at the likely 
time of publication, is impossible ; till our Printers give us ex- 
perience what dispatch they can make on their part.” 

* « One expedient to make my Work appear of a trifling nature, 
has been an attempt to depreciate Literal Criticism. To this end, 
and to pay a servile compliment to Mr. Pope, an anonymous 
writer has, like a Scotch Pedlar + in wit, unbraced his pack on the 
subject. But, that his virulence might not seem to be leveled 
singly at me, he has done me the honour to join Dr. Bentley in 
the libel. I was in hopes we should have been both abused 
with smartness of Satire at least, though not with solidity of 
argument: that it might have been worth some reply in defence 
of the science attacked. But I may fairly say of this Author, as 
Falstaff does of Poins, ‘ Hang him, baboon! his wit is as thick 
as Tewkesbury mustard ; there is no more conceit in him, than 
is ina Mallet +. If it be not profanation to set the opinion of the 
divine Longinus against such a scribbler, he tells us expressly, 
* that to make a judgment upon words (and writings) is the 
most consummate fruit of much experience.” ‘H yg tiv Aéyoo 
xgioss TOAANS tgs welpas TEARUTATOY imvytnnwce. Whenever words are 
depraved, the sense of course must be corrupted ; and thence 
the readers betrayed into a false meaning. Though I should be 
convicted of pedantry by some, I will venture to subjoin a few 
flagrant instances, in which I have observed most learned men 

+ David Mallet addressed a Poetical Epistle to Mr. Pope on the subject 
of Verbal Criticism ; which he thus introduces: “ As the design of the 
following Poem is to rally the abuse of Verbal Criticism, the Author could 
not, without manifest partiality, overlook the Editor of Milton, and the 
Restorer of Shakespeare. With regard to the latter, he has read over the 
many and ample specimens with which that able Scboliast has already 
obliged the publick ; and of these, and these only, he pretends to give his 
opinion. But, whatever he may think of the Critick, not having the 
least ill-will to the man, he deferred printing these verses, though written 
several months ago, till he heard tbat the subscription for a new Edition 
of Shakespeare was closed. He begs leave to add likewise, that this Poem 
was undertaken and written entirely without the knowledge of the gen- 
tleman to whom it is addressed. Only, as it is a public testimony of his in- 
violable esteem:for Mr. Pope, on that account, particularly, he wishes it 
may not be judged: to increase the number of mean performances, with 
which the Town is almost daily pestered.”"—The Grub-street Journal, also, 
March 14, 1733-4, attacks both Bentley and Theobald on the same subject, 


have 


736 ‘ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


racter; with some Particulars of his private Life, 
and his Character as a Writer ; proving also that he 


have suffered themselves to be deceived, and consequently led 
their readers into error: and this for want of the help of Literal 
Criticism: in some, through indolence and inadvertence: in 
others, perhaps, through an absolute contempt of .it. If the 
subject may seem to invite this digression, I hope the use and 
application will serve to excuse it —I. In that Golden Engen 
which we have left of Platonius, upon the three kinds 
Comedy, after he has told us, that when the state of Athens was 
altered from a Democracy to an Oligarchy, and that the Poets 
grew cautious whom they libeled in their Comedies; when the 
people had no longer any desire to choose the accustomed Officers - 
for furnishing Chorie Singers, and defraying the expence of 
them, Aristophanes brought on a Play in which there was 
Chorus; for, subjoins he, ra» yg XOPEYTIO'N pt xugorovsptvor, ia 
tiv XOPHLDIN dx ixtvlwy ras tpoPas, UmEneeon Ts Kousdiag ea ogee 
wan, xal tiv brolicewy 5 rpderos pereCandn, ‘ The C -Sil 
being no longer chosen by suffrage, and the Furnishers of the 
Chorus no longer having their maintenance, the Choric songs 
were taken out of Comedies, and the nature of the argument 
and fable changed.’ But there happen to be two signal mistakes 
in this short sentence. For the Chorus-singers were never 
elected by suffrage at all, but hired by the proper Officer who 
was at the expence of the Chorus: and the Furnishers of the 
Chorus had never either table or stipend allowed them, towards 
their charge. To what purpose then is this sentence, which 
should be a deduction from the premises, and yet is none, 
brought in? or how comes the reasoning to be founded upon 
what was not the fact? The mistake manifestly arises from a 
careless transposition made in the text: let the two Greek words, 
which I have distinguished by capitals, only change places, and 
we recover what Platonius meant to infer: ‘ that the Furnishers 
of Choruses being no longer elected by suffrage, and the Chorus~ 
singers having no provision made for them, Choruses were abo- 
lished, and the subjects of Comedies altered,’ — I]. There is an- 
other more egregious error still subsisting in this instructive 
fragment, which has likewise escaped the notice of the learned, 
The Author is saying, that, in the old Comedy, the Masks were 
made so nearly to resemble the persons to be satirized, that, be- 
fore the Actor spoke a word, it was known whom he was to 
personate. But inthe new Comedy, when Athens was conquered — 
by the Macedonians, and the Poets were fearful lest their Masks 
should be construed to resemble any of their new Governors, 
they formed them so preposterously as only to move laughter ; 
Seis yay (says he) rac dOgis iv rois agorwmors ths Morden xwmwdiag 
émoias tye, xed owe t&e mpetvor 0 TOMA, xa) 29} xara avOoumr ae 
Ovcw. * We see, therefore, what strange eye-brows there are to 
the Masks used in Menander’s Comedies; and how the body is 
distorted, 


MR. LEWIS. THEOBALD, - 737 


was a Lover of Musick; and that Milton was an 
Imitator of him. 


distorted, and unlike any human creature alive.” But the 
Author, it is evident, is speaking abstractedly of Masks; and 
what reference has the distortion of the body to the look of a 
Visor? TI ain satisfied, Platonius wrote, xa) orw: tEerpapptvov 73 
“OMMA, i.e, ‘and how the eyes were goggled and distorted.’ 
This is to the purpose of his subject : and Julius Pollux, in de- 
scribing the Comic Masques, speaks of some that had TPEBAO‘'N 
76 ”"OMMA: Others, that were AIA’ETPOOI ry “O¥IN’ PER- 
versis oculis, as Cicero calls them, speaking of Roscius.— 
TIL. Suidas, in the short‘account that he has given us of Sopho- 
cles, tells us, that, besides Dramatic Pieces, he wrote Hymns and 
Elegies ; xa) Adyor xararoyddny are) r& Xog apis Ofori xad Xoigidoy 
cywusuevoc, This the learned Camerarius has thus translated :. 
‘Scripsit oratione solutA de Choro contra Thespin & Choerilum 
quempiam.’ And Kuster likewise understood, and rendered, 
the passage to the same effect. He owns the place is obscure, 
and suspected by him : ‘ for how could Sophoeles contend with 
Thespis and Cherilus, who lived-long before his time?’ The 
Scholiast upon Aristophanes, however, expressly says, as Kus- 
ter might have rernembered, that Sophocles actually did con- 
tend with Cheerilus. But that is a point nothing to the passage 
in question; which means, as I have shewn in another place, 
‘that Sophocles declaimed in prose, contending to obtain a 
Chorus for reviving some pieces of Thespis and Cherilus.’ Is 
this contending against them, as rival Poets ?—IV. Some other 
learned men have likewise been mistaken in particulars with re-" 
gard to Sophocles. In the Synopsis of his Life, we find these 
words: Terwra dt pare Evguridny icéy ~s’. Meursius, as well as 
Camerarius, have expounded this, as if Sophocles survived Eu- 
ripides six years. But the best accounts agree that they died 
both in the same year, a little before the Frogs of Aristophanes 
was played; scil. Olymp. 93, 3. The meaning, therefore, of 
the passage is, as some of the Commentators have rightly ob- 
served, ‘ that Sophocles died after Euripides, at 90 years of age.’ 
The mistake arose from hence, that in numerals, + signifies as 
well 6 as 90,—V. The Jearned Father Brumoy too, who has 
lately given us three volumes upon the Theatre of the Greeks, 
has slipped into an error about Sophocles; for, speaking of his 
Antigone, he tells us, it was in such request as to be performed 
two-and-thirty times; Elle fdt representée trente deux fois. The 
account, on which this is grounded, we have from the argument 
prefixed to Antigone by Aristophanes the Grammarian: and the 
Latin Translator of this argument, probably, led Father Brumoy 
into his mistake, and he should have referred to the original. 
The Greek words are, AtAccras Jt 16 Decuc tire cpiaxosdy Sevregov. 
i. e. ‘ This Play is said to have been the Thirty-second, in order 
of time, produced by Sophocles.’— ‘The mistakes, that I have 

YOL.It. : 2 3B men- 


738 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Shakespeare's Knowledge of Nature forms a very 
pleasing and entertaining article. Liv setae lent 


mentioned (though they necessarily lead into error, from the 
authority with which they come into the world) ; yet are such, it 
is obvious, as have been the effects of inadvertence ; and there- 
fore I do not quote them to the dishonour of their learned Au- 
thors. I shall point out two or three, which seem to have sprung 
from another source: either a due want of ity, or an abso- 
lute neglect of Literal Criticism.—VI. Sir George Wheler, who, 
in his ‘ Journey into Greece,’ has traded much with Greek Anti- 
quities and Inscriptions, and who certainly was no mean seho- 
Jar, has shewn himself very careless in this respect. When he 
was at Sardis, he met with a medal of the Emperor Commodus 
seated in the midst of the Zodiack with celestial signs engraven, 
on it; and, on the other side, a figure with a crown-mure with 
these letters about it, Zaps ’Acias, ATATA, “Eavdos, & jut 
moms: ‘ Sardis, the first metropolis of Asia, Greece, and Audia.”— 
But where and what Audia was (says be) I find not. Now is it 
not very strange that this gentleman should not remember, 
that Sardis was the capital city of Lydia; and, consequently, 
that for ATAIAE we should read AYAV'AE? Though my cor- 
rection is too obvious to want ay justification, yet, Pind, it has 
one from the learned Father Harduin; who produces another coin 
of Sardis (in the French King’s Cabinet), which bears the very 
same inscription, only exhibited as it ought to be. — Nor was 
this a single inaccuracy in Sir George. I will instance in two 
pretty inscriptions, the one an Epitaph, the other a Votive Table, 
which he has given us, but in a very corrupt condition, 
I have never been in Greece, nor seen the inscriptions any where 
but in his book, I think I can restore them to their true sense 
and numbers; and, as they are particularly elegant, some read- 
ers will not be displeased to see them in a state of purity. — 
VII. Of the Antiquities of Philadelphia (says he) I had but a 
slender account; only I have the copy of one inscription, being 
the Monument of a Virgin, in these three couplets of verses. 
But she was so far from being a Virgin, that the Epitaph shews 
her to,have been a Wife; that it was put up in memory of her 
by her Husband ; and that she died in the flower of her youth at 
the age of twenty-three. 
Savlberny Axira prin "Ble waptduxnr ' Bidre waptduxs. 
Bows *reurions core tavtny GAox0r" * rinoas cyurolarny, 
Tlapbivov ig artavet ubreny HEAPION av. 
“Eoxn iy tust at wavoapsor Sarauw. 
Tetis yee im’ dnogine teAtbos? Biv inaures, 3 Bite”. 
Kal pare ticle Savy tsetse ArvcadaS, 4 sito Asriom Qdos. 
«I have, for brevity’s sake, marked the general corrections, 
which I have made, at the side. The third verse is neither true 
in quantity, nor language: HEAPION is a monster of a Lwin 
whic! 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 739 


Addison and Shakespeare compared; as are also 
Ben Jonson and Shakespeare. 


which never could be the reading of any marble. As I correct it, 
‘we recover a most beautiful couplet. ; 
Tlashivoy, as amtaucr pbreny’ “HE ’HPINO'N ayvO- 
"Eoxty iy quater? wmavodpevoy Saraus, 
“ Puellam, cujus Zonam solvit ; cujus Vernus Flos 

Preproperd tabuit in Thalamé. 
— VIII. I come now to the Votive Table*, which is rich in 
poetic graces, however overwhelmed with depravation: and 
Sir George seems 4s much to have mistaken the purport, as the 
words, of the inscription. *‘ At Chalcedon,’ says he, ‘I found 
an inscription in the wall of a private house near the church ; 
which signifieth that Evante, the son of Antipater, having made 
@ prosperous voyage, and desiring to return by the Algean sea, 
offered cakes at a statue, which he had erected to Jupiter, which 
had sent hin) such good weather, as a token of his good voyage. 
XOYPION ix) °IIPIMNHE 11s Smynriiew xaatizw, —! Otgor. * coguyns. 


Live xare ? weuwzON QNiswoy ixmeracing 3 menrtwr, Ieloy, 
4 EMI KTANEAS AINAE APOMOTE 5% Morwdiiv—* Kuaveacis Migoi 
_ Kayrvroy ddicon xipa wage Papabois. tmidgouov, 
Elra xar? Alyatoy wire wraxe §NAD igeivwy, 5 Nésoy, 


. Neiobw'ro tt ®BAAAQN Leasé wage 7TH ZOANQ.—® Bariiy, 7 Fodtvw. 
SOAE roy 9EYANTH roy Get Sudy -Arlrdren waits, —Eodt. 9 edbavba. 

Lense! Pirov eeyabas cUmCoroy edaroins, 10 Oirwy. 

«© T have marked, as before, my corrections at the side; and 
I may venture to say, I have supported the faultering verses 
both with numbers and sense, But who ever heard of Evante, 
as the name of a man, in Greece? Neither is this inscription a 
piece of Ethnic devotion, as Sir George has supposed it, to a 
statue erected to Jupiter: on the contrary, it despises those 
fruitless superstitions. Philo (a Christian, as it seems to me,) 
sets it up, in thanks for a safe voyage, to the true God. 

“That all my readers may equally share in this little Poem, I 
have attempted to put it into an English dress. 

« «Invoke who will the prosp’rous gale behind, 

Jove at the prow, while to the guiding wind ‘ 
O'er the blue billows he the sail expands, ' 
Where Neptune with each wave heaps hills of sands : 
Then let him, when the surge he backward plows, 
Pour to his Statue-God unaiding vows : 

But to the God of Gods, for deaths o’erpast, 

For safety lent him on the wat'ry waste, 

To native shores return’d, thus Philo pays ~ 

His monument of thanks, of grateful praise.’ 

* On this subject several Letters appeared in ‘‘ The Grub Street Jour- 
nal” of 1734; in some of which Mr. Warburton felt a considerable degree 
of interest ; see pp. 640. 651. d 

322 «J shall 


740 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


And, amongst other particulars, the Question on 
Shakespeare's Teatning * is well discussed. 


«| shall have no occasion, I believe, to ask the pardon of some 

Readers for these last nine pages ; and others may be so kind tc 
them over at their pleasure. (Those discoveries, which 

give light and satisfaction to the truly learned, I must confess, 
are darkness and mystery to the less capable: éyyos ply Euverois, 
&vverois 3° EgeGos.) ‘Nor will they be absolutely foreign, I hope, 
to a Preface in some measure critical ; especially, as it could not 
be amiss to shew, that I have read other books with the same 
accuracy with which I profess to have read Shakespeare. Be- 
sides, I designed this inference from the defence of Literal Cri- 
ticism: if the Latin and Greek langu: have received the 
greatest advantages imaginable from the labours of the Editors 
and Criticks of the two last ages, by whose aid and assistance 
the Grammarians have been enabled to write infinitely better in 
that art than even the preceding Grammarians, who wrote 
those tongues flourished as living languages: I should account 
it a peculiar happiness, that, by the faint assay 1 have made in 
this Work, a path might be chalked out for abler hands, by which 
to derive the same advantages to our own tongue: a to} * 
which, though it wants none of the fundamental qualities of an 
universal language, yet, as a Noble Writer says, lisps and stam~ 
mers as in its cradle; and has produced little more towards its 
polishing than complaints of its barbarity.” Preface, pp. lii—Ixii, 

* The strong marks of Warburton’s revision are i 
evident in this Section of the Preface +; which, if it had no other 
merit, was the precursor of Dr. Farmer's most satisfactory Essa: 
on the same subject. ‘‘ Mr. Theobald, Dr. Farmer observes,. 
«very unwilling to allow him [Shakespeare] so poor a scholar, 
as many have laboured to represent him; and yet is ‘ cautious of 
declaring too positively on the other side of the question,’ — 
Dr. Warburton hath opposed the weakness of some arguments 

+ If any other proof were wanting of the liberal assistance given by the 
Colussus of Literature at the time to Theobald, it may be found in the fol- 
lowing suggestion of Bp. Hurd: “ You will ask me, perhaps, now I amon 
this subject, how it happened that Shakespeare's language is every where 
so much bis own as to secure his Imitations, if they were such, from disco- 
very ; when J pronounce with such assurance of those of our other Poets. 
The answer is given for me in the Preface to Mr. Theobald's Shakespeare; 
though the observation, I think, is too good to come that Critick, 
It is, that though his words, agreeably to the state of the English tongue 
at that time, be generally Latin, bis phraseology is perfectly English: an 
advantage he owed to his slender acquaintance with the Latin idiom. 
Whereas the other Writers of his age and such others of an older date as 
were likely to fall into bis hands, had not only the most familiar acquaint- 
ance with the Latin idiom, but affected on all occasions to make use of 
it. Hence it comes to pass, that though he might draw sometimes from 
the Latin (Ben Jonson you know tells us He had less Greek) and the learned 
English Writers, he takes nothing but the sentiments; the expression 
eomes of itself and is purely English.” 


Letter to Mr. Mason, on the Marks of Imitation, @ve, 1758. 
from 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD, 7Al 


In 1734, Mr. Warburton expressed his entire ap- 
probation of the labours of Theobald; read the 
whole Seven Volumes of his Shakespeare with great 
attention*; and communicated several notes to be 
inserted in a future sama | 

But here the connexion finally ceased; and the 
learned Critick transferred his favours to Sir Tho- 


from suspected imitations, and yet offers others, which, I doubt 
not, he could as easily have refuted.” ‘ 

* May 17, 1734, he says, “I have transeribed about fifty 
emendations and remarks, which I have at several times sent you, 
omitted in the Edition of Shakespeare; which, I am sure, are 
better than any of mine published there. These I shall convey 
to you soon, and desire you to publish them (as omitted by being 
mislaid) in your Edition of the Poems, which I hope you will soon 
make ready for the press."—Again, June 20, “ I haye sent you all 
I could find to cavil at in your Edition of Shakespeare. 1 know 
it will be a pleasure to you to receive it, and it ig no small com- 
pliment to your Edition ; for I have been so exact in my inquisi- 
torial search after faults, that I.dare undertake to defend every 
note throughout the whole bulky work, save these thirteen | have 
objected to," — And, Oct. 14, “ What follows are three notes to 
be added to the fifty I sent, in their places, which I desire you 
will give yourself the trouble to do. 1 hope they will meet with 
your approbation.” 

+ “ Those villains, if any such there be, who upbraid me with 
my acquaintance and correspondence with the Gentlemen of The 
Dunciad, know I at the same time proclaimed it to the world, in 
Tibbald's Edition of Shakespeare, in Mr. Pope's life-time. Till 
his Letters were published, | had as indifferent an opinion of his 
morals as they pretended to have. Mr. Pope knew this, and had 
the justice to own to me that | fairly followed appearances when 
I thought well of them, and ill of him. He owned indeed that, 
on reading that Edition, he was sorry to find a man of genius 
got amongst them; for he told me he was greatly struck with my 
notes. ‘This conversation happened to pass in company, on one 
of them saying, they wondered I would give any thing to such a 
fellow as Tibbald. Mr. Pope said immediately, there was no won- 
der at all: I took him for an honest man, as he had done, and 
on that footing hud visited him—and then followed what I relate 
above. ‘This was the only time the subject ever came upon the 
tapis. For he was too delicate to mention any thing of it to me 
alone.” Letter to Mr. Hurd, Jan. 12, 1757. 

“Yet this Tibbald, contemptible as he is here represented to be, 
was assisted in his Edition of Shakespeare by Warburton ; and he 
mentions, as he well might, Warburton’s assistance, as a great 
support of his Work. This Edition of Tibbald was justly esteemed 
the best till thoseof Malone and Steevens appeared.” Dr. ws pt 

* You 


742 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


mas Hanmer *, whom he visited at Mildenhall in 
Suffolk in May 1737+, and who in his turn was 


much sooner and still more abruptly discarded. | 


12 List 
«“ You are pleased to enquire about Shakespeare. I believe 
(to tell it as a secret) I shall, ‘after I have got the whole of this 
Work out of my hands which I am now engaged in, give an Edi- 
tion of it to the World. Sir Thomas Hanmer has a true critical 
genius, and has done great things in this Author ; so Dae may ex- 
pect to see a very extraordinary Edition of its kind. 1 intend 
to draw up and prefix to it a just and complete critique on Shake- 
speare and his Works.” Mr. Warburton to Mr. Birch, Oct. 24,1737. 
* See before, in this Volume, p. 44. a“ 
+‘*Thave got all my Letters and Papers out of Sir Thomas Han- 
mer’s hands. 1 was dissatisfied with his treatment of me, the 
‘particulars of which you shall know when I see you; so I wrote 
for my Letters and Papers, and desired he would not do me the 
honour to use any part of the contents of them in his Edition, if 
he intended one, because it was a matter of the utmost import- 
ance to me. Iam now, at every leisure hour, transeribing all 
™my notes and emendations fair into books, to fit them for the 
press.” Ibid. Sept. 10, 1739. — On this subject see before, in 
this Volume, pp. 73—74; and pp. 96—110. — . 
March 3, 1741-2, he writes thus to Dr. Doddridge : “ My 
friends have prevailed with me to publish my large Critical Re- 
marks on Shakespeare. I was too, as it were, necessitated to 
this on account of the behaviour of Sir Thomas Hanmer, who 
has had my papers, and is preparing something towards an Edition 
without any communication with me ¢.”—And, in January 1742-3, 
thus to Dr. Birch: “1 hear the University intend to open a sub- 
scription; but sure they will not do that which has been adjudged 
below my character to do.” 
Let us now see what is said of the several Editions of Pope, 
‘Theobald, and Hanmer, in the Preface to Dr. Warburton’s Edition, 
‘* The Proprietors, not discouraged by their first unsuccessful 
effort, in due time made a second; and, though they still stuck 
to their Poets, with infinitely more success in their choice of Mr. 
Pope, who, by the mere force of an uncommon genius, without 
any particular study or profession of this art, discharged the great 
parts of it so well, as to make his Edition the best foundation for 
all further improvements. He separated the genuine from the 
spurious Plays; and, with equal judgment, though not always 
with the sanie success, attempted to clear the genuine Plays from 
the interpolated scenes: he then consulted the old Editions; 
and, by a careful collation of them, rectified the faulty, and 
supplied the imperfect reading in a great number of places: and, 
Jastly, in an admirable Preface, hath drawn a general, but very 
lively sketch of Shakespeare's poetick character: and, in the cor- 
t See Sir Thomas Hanmer’s Letter on this business, Oct, 28, 1742, in 
the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 588; and Dr. Warburton’s Remarks 
o» that Letter, in 1765, when he was Bp. of Gloucester, ibid. pp 589. 72 
rect 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD, 743 


In 1737, we find Mr. Theobald contributing his 
assistance to illustrate the memoirs of another Dra- 
matie Poet; of whom the laborious Mr. Birch was 
then compiling some memoirs., , 


rected text, marked out those peculiar strokes of genius which 
were most proper to support and illustrate that character. ‘Thus 
far Mr. Pope. And although much more was to be done before 
Shakespeare could be restored to himself (such as amending the 
corrupted text where the printed books afford no assistance; ex- 
plaining hislicentious phraseology and obscure allusions; and il- 
Justrating the beauties of his Poetry), yet, with great modesty and 
prudence, our illustrious Editor Jeft this to the Critic by profession. 
—Nothing will give the common Reader a better idea of the 
value of Mr. Pope's Edition, than the two attempts which have 
been since made by Mr. Theobald and Sir Thomas Hanmer * in 
opposition to it; who, although they concerned themselves only 
in the first of these three parts of criticism, the restoring the text 
(without any conception of the second, or venturing even to 
touch upon the third), yet succeeded so very ill in it, that they 
left their Author in ten times a worse condition than they found 
him. But, as it was my ill-fortune to bave some accidental 
connexions with these two gentlemen, it will be incumbent on 
me to be a little more particular concerning them.—The one was 
recommended to me as a poor nian; the other as a poor critick ; 
and to each of them, at different times, | communicated a great 
number of observations, which they managed, as they saw fit, 
to the relief Of their several distresses. As to Mr. ‘Theobald, who 
wanted money, I allowed him to print what I gave him for his 
own advantage; and he allowed himself the liberty of taking 
one part for his own, and sequestering another for the benefit, 
as I supposed, of some future Edition.—Bur, as to the Oxford 
Editor, who wanted nothing but what he might very well be 
without, the reputation of a Critick, 1 could not so easily forgive 
him for trafficking with my papers without my knowledge ; 
and, when that project failed, for employing a number of my 
conjectures in his Edition against my express desire not to have 
that honour done unto me —Mr. Theobald was naturally turned 
to industry and labour. What he read, he could transcribe: but, 
as what he thought, if ever he did think, he could but ill ex- 
press, so he read on; and by that means got a character of Learn- 
ing, without risquing, to every observer, the imputation of 
wanting a better talent. By a pumctilious collation of the old 
books, he corrected what was manifestly wrong in the latter Edi- 
tions, by what was manifestly right in the eurlier. And this is 
his real merit; and the whole of it ; for, where the phrase was 
very obsolete or licentious in the common books, or only slightly 
* Sir Thomas Hanmer, whose Edition of Shakespeare appeared in 1744, 
was honoured in consequence of. it with a niche in the Notes on The Dun- 
ciad. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,’ vol. V. p. 588.—Two learned Com- 

mentators, Upton aud Edwards, shared the same fate, 
corrupted 


744 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


A second Edition of Mr. Theobald's Shakespeare, 
“revised and corrected,” in eight volumes, 12mo, 
was published in 1740; after which period I know 
nothing more of him, except that his latter days 
were embittered by severe disease. : 

He died*, aged about 52, Sept. 18, 1744, leaving 
ason, named also Lewis Theobald, who, by the pa- 


corrupted by the other, he wanted sufficient knowledge of the 
progress and various stages of the English tongue, as weil as ac- 
ae with the peculiarity.of Shakespeare's language, to un~ 
lerstand what was right ; nor had he either common boy err 
to see, or critical sagacity to amend, what was manifestly faulty. 
Hence he generally exerts his conjectural talent in the wrong 
place: he tampers’ with what is sound in the common 
and, in the old ones, omits all notice of variations, the sense 
which he did not understand.— How the Oxford Editor came to 
think himself qualified for this office, from which his whole 
course of life had been so remote, is still more difficult to con- 
ceive ; for, whatever parts he might have either of genius or 
erudition, he was absolutely ignorant of the art of Criticism, ag 
well as the Poetry of that time, and the language of his Author. 
And so far from a thought of examining the first Editions, that 
he even neglected to compare Mr. Pope's, from which he printed 
his own, with Mr, Theobald’s; whereby he lost the advantage | 
many fine lines, which the other had recovered from the 
uartos. Where he trusts to his own sagacity, in what affects 
the sense, his conjectures are generally absurd and extravagant, 
and violating every rule of criticism. wee in this rage of 
correcting, he was not absolutely destitute of all art ; for, hav- 
ing a number of my conjectures before him, he took as many 
of them as he saw fit, to work upon; and by changing them to 
something, he thought, synonymous or similar, he made them 
his own; and so became a Critic at a cheap expence. But how 
well he hath succeeded in this, as likewise in his conjectures, 
which are properly his own, will be seen in the course of my re- 
marks; though, as he hath declined to give the reasons for his 
interpolations, he hath not afforded me so fair a hold of him as 
Mr. Theobald has done, who was less cautious. » But his princie 
pal object was to reform his Author’s numbers; and this, which 
he hath done, on every occasion, by the insertion or omission of 
a set of harmless unconcerning expletives, makes up the gross 
body of his innocent corrections. And so, in spite of that ex 
treme neglizence in numbers, which distinguishes the first Dra- 
matic Writers, he hath tricked up the old Bard, from head to foot, 
in all the finical exactness of a modern measurer of syllables.” * 
* For the following memorandum respecting his death, writ- 
ten by Mr. Stede, of Covent Garden Theatre, who lived in Duke’s« 
court, Bow-street, I am indebted to the kindness of Mr, Bindley? 
Ls 
Sep- 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. 745 


tronage of Sir Edward Walpole, was appointed a 
Clerk in the Annuity Pell-office; and died young, 
There is no Portrait, it is believed, preserved of 
Mr. Theobald ; but this desideratum the late Mr. 
George Steevens-}- very ingeniously contrived to sup- 
ply, by the invention of a fancied one, or perhaps 
even by a fortunate conjecture, to complete the series 


“ September 18, 1744, about 10 A, M. died Mr. Lewis Theo- 
bald, well known in the polite part of the town for his Edition 
of Shakespeare, and geveral other poetical pieces, as Poems, 
Translations, Tragedies, &c. He had laboured under a jaundice 
for some months, which, after several changes of amendment and 
relapses, terminated in a dropsy; which, about two days after his 
being tapped, carried him off. His death was very remarkable, 
not only in that he went off quietly without agonies, but also 
that he was so composed as not to alter the disposition of his 

ody, being in an easy indolent posture, one foot out of bed, 
and his head gently supported by one hand. He was a man well 
versed in the learned languages, and tolerably well acquainted 
with the modern. How great a Philologist he was, his notes 
upon, and emendation of, Shakespeare will inform Posterity. 
He was of a generous spirit, too generous for his circumstances ; 
and none knew how to do a handsome thing, or confer a benefit, 
when in his power, with a better grace than himself. He was 
my antient friend of near 30 years acquaintance. Interred at 
Pancras the 20th, 6 o'clock P. M. I only attended him.” b 

+ “A Portrait,” Mr. Steevens observes, “ of this useful Cri- 
tick, is among the desiderata of those Gentlemen who eultivate 
the fermes ornées of Literature, and embellish the Plays of Shake- 
speare with a series of characteristic Prints, engraved and pub- 
lished by the ingenious Mr. S. Harding, of Pall Mall.—An acknow- 
ledged Painting, however, of Mr. Tazozauo has hitherto escaped 
research, His Son, indeed, has been heard to say, that no re- 
semblance of him had been preserved. This deficiency may 
therefore prove a lasting one, unless conjecture, fortified by co- 
incidence, be allowed to fill a vacant Picture-frame in our Gallery 
of Editors. Where the appropriate drug is wanting, the most 
scrupulous Physicians will not refuse to employ a succedaneum’; 
and I have been told of a Peer, in whose Library all the lost Au- 
thors of Greece and Rome have their representatives in wood 
backed with leather —The necessities of Mr. Theobald (who was 
a prolific Dramatist, and yet always poor) are sufficiently un- 
derstood from Advertisements issued out by himself, at different 
periods, in the Newspapers, soliciting his friends, in conse- 
quence of his misfortunes, to take tickets for his benefit. His 
last Address to the Publick was delivered in a most humble 
strain of supplication, and appeared in the London Daily Post, 
May 13, 1741. Itis dated from Wyman’s (or Wyan’s)-court, 

Great 


746 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


of Shakesperian Commentators, published by Mr. 
Samuel Harding and Mr. William Richardson, in 
their “ Illustrations” of the great Dramatic Bard. 
The industry and the literary talents of Theobald 
are evidently arase by the preceding correspond- 
ence with his learned Friend Mr. Warburton. © 


Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury ; but this place having been 
since built over, it is impossible to ascertain the precise situation of 
‘ the Egerian grot, aba 
. Where, nobly pensive, Theobald sat and thought ;’ 
where he sometimes collated his wishes for a good dinner with 
his slender means to procure it, while his wife was employed in 
restoring a lost bytton to his breeches, or producing @ neat 
emendation in his worsted stockings, ; 

«« Buta few years before, the inimitable Hogarth, who peapled 
his scenes with real as well as fictitioys personages, had pr a 
his celebrated Print, entitled, ‘‘ The Distressed Poet ;" and in it 
the following circumstances indicative of Mr. Theobald (at least 
more immediately applicable to him than any other person) could 
not fail to have attracted notice. To the first impressions of this 
plate, the annexed passage from The Dunciad is subjoined as a 
motto; 

* Studious he sat, with all his books around, 

Sinking from thought to thought, a vast profound ! 

Plung"d for his sense, but found no bottom there, 

And writ, and flounder'd on in mere despair.” ~ 
And it is well known, that these lines, though since applied to 
Cibber, were originally part of Mr. Pope's very severe and exag 
gerated description of Theobald —Our unfortunate Bard (J con- 
tinue my reference to the first impressions from the Plate) is like- 
wise engaged in writing a Poem, entitled ‘ Poverty.’ Now, it is 
remarkable, that one of the earliest of Mr. Theobald’s produe- 
tions was ‘ The Cave of Poyerty, a Poem.’ 

** Over the head of the Distressed Poet (in the first impressions 
also) is stuck up a representation of Mr. Pope in the act of beat- 
ing Curll the Bookseller, who had offended him not only by the 
publication of his Letters, but by personal abuse. This oeeur- 
rence, therefore, might have been introduced as an admonition 
to Theobald, who had persisted in taking equal liberties with the 
Translator of Homer*. It is obvious also, that the instrument 

* “ When Hogarth re-published this Plate in 1740, he effaced the lines 
already quoted, converted the ‘ Triumphs of Pope’ into the * Gold Mines 
of Peru,’ and the Poem on Poverty’ into an ‘ Eulogium on Riches. [See 
the * Anecdotes of Hogarth,’ 4to, vol. I, p. 144.] Why these changes should 
have been made, I cannot easily guess, unless the circumstances already 
pointed out were considered as personal reflections, and as such were resented 
by our Hero, whose second Edition of Shakespeare, in that very year, had 
confirmed bis victory over Pope as a Commentator. The known distress 
of poor Theobald might, indeed, have proved his best advocate on this 
oceasion, and inclined Hogarth to obliterate the chiefly offensive traits he 
had introduced in his representation of an indigent rbymer, W. R.” 


of 


MR. LEWIS THEOBALD. * “747 


But it was not with that eminent Divine only that 
he was honoured by a liberal intimacy: Dr. Thirlby, 
Dr. John Freind, Martin Folkes, esq. Dr. Mead, 
Mr. Jortin, Dr. Birch, Mr. Nicholas Hardinge, Mr. 
Hawley Bishop, Mr. Coxeter, Mr. Roome, and ma- 
ny others, distinguished him by their friendly no- 
tice * and correspondence. vo s 


of Mr. Pope's retaliation on our Hero, the Grub-street Journal, 
appears on the floor of the Distressed Poet's aérial citadel. — 
Hogarth, though at that time a powerful Satirist, had not yet at- 
tained the summit of his reputation, and consequently might have 
_ thought it no impolitic measure, to join the interests of the Inqui- 
sitor-general of the day ; a practice familiar enough to other Wits, 
viz. Bramston, Mallet, &c. who were always ready to adopt the 
. enmities of Pope, and return aservile echo to his invectives against 
_Cibber, Theobald, and other objects of his poetical resentment, 

** But, not to dwell too long on such inferences, a degree of 
respect is always due to conjecture, where no certainty can be 
obtained, Till, therefore, what I am now offering to the pub- 
lick as a probable resemblance of Mr. Theobald, can be displaced 
by an indisputable and authentic Portrait of him +, let me hope 
that a copy from Hogarth may be allowed to fill a place in the 
train of Shakesperian Satellites. Such a plea, perhaps, will not 
be charged with presumption by those who reflect how often they 
have admitted heads of exalted rank, on authority less decisive 
than is here brought forward to identify an humble Portrait. At 
the same time, let me avow my belief that many of our modern 

ollectors (to whose liberality of conduct 1 am bound in grati- 
tude to express my sincerest obligations) will not merely confess 
that they have now and then submitted to receive ideal likenesses, 
but will voluntarily add, like Falstaff, that they are happy in en- 
teriaining ‘ a number of such shadows to fill up their: muster- 
books ;° and had rather enlist a Recruit of questionable preten- 
sions, than, by discharging him, create a vacancy in the. Regi- 

-ment they are awhitious to complete. W. Ricnarpson.” 

* 1n1731, Theobald was an associate with Pearce, Masson, Dr. 
Taylor, Wasse, Dr. Robinson, Upton, Thirlby, and others, in the 
** Miscellaneous Observations upon Authors, Antient and Mo- 
dern,” under the superintendance of Mr, Jortin. 

+ “* But a few years ago, a Plate by Vandergucht, exhibiting an unpub- 
lished Portrait of the famous John Dennis, was discovered. It may be 
supposed, that in the year 1718, he had agreed for this Plate as a fashion- 
able adjunct to his Works in two volumes octavo ; but that, being unable 
to pay for it, it was withheld, and by mere accident escaped from being 
hammered out, or otherwise disposed of as a piece of antiquated copper. 
It is not, therefore, impossible that some head of Mr. Theobald, which 
had been engraved and suppressed for similar reasons, may hereafter be 
found, and instead of overthrowing my conjecture, may only serve to 
confirm it. W.R.” : 

With 


748 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


' With the character of Mr. Theobald in private 
life I am wholly unacquainted ; but, as nothing has 
been alledged against him except his controversy 
with Mestayer *, which occurred many years be- 
fore the establishment of the Concanen Club, and 
his sarcasms on Pope, it is fair to presume little 
could be said against him—Requiescat in pace. 


OricIn AND Progress OF THE DuncrIAD. 


‘This admirable but cruel Satire has been so tor- 
tured and twisted in its various Editions, that some 
slight investigation of the changes may beacceptablet, 

In 1726, and again in 1727, the celebrated Dean 
of St. Patrick's spent some months, in and near Lon- 


* See p. 709. 

+ “The object of this celebrated Satire was, to crush all his 
adversaries in a mass, by one strong and decisive blow. His own 
account of this attempt is very minutely related by Pope himself, 
in a Dedication which he wrote to Lord Middlesex, under the 
name of Savage the Poet, who assisted Pope in finding out many 
particulars of these adversaries, If we may credit this narrative, 
Pope contemplated his victory over the Dunces with great exul- 
tation; and such, says Dr. Johnson, was his delight in the tu- 
mult he had raised, that for a while his natural sensibility was 
suspended, and he read reproaches and invectives without emo- 
tion, considering them only as the necessary effects of that pee 
which he rejoiced in having given. He would not however have 
long indulged this reflection, if all the persoris he classed among 
the Dunces had possessed the spirit which animated some of 
them. Ducket demanded and obtained satisfaction for a scanda- 
lous imputation on his moral character; and Aaron Hill expos- 
tulated with Pope in a manner so much superior to all mean so- 
licitation, that Pope ‘was reduced to sneak and shuflle, some- 
times to deny, and sometimes to apologize : he first endeavours 
to wound, and is then afraid to own that he meant a blow. 
‘There are likewise some names introduced in this Poem with diss 
respect which could receive no injury from such an attack. His 
placing the learned Bentley among Dunces, could have occurred 
to Pope only in the moment of his maddest revenge: Bentley had 
spoken truth of the Translation of the Iliad: he said it ‘ was a 
fine Poem, but not Homer.’ This, which has ever since been the 
opinion of the learned world, was not to be refuted by the con- 
temptuous lines in which Bentley is mentioned in The a 

n 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 749 


don, in a fruitless expectation of preferment; and it 
was at those periods that he and Mr. Pope “ deter- 
mined, to own the most trifling pieces in which they 
had any hand, and to destroy all that remained in 
their power.” The result was, the publication in 
1727 of three volumes of ‘“‘ Miscellanies in Prose and 
Verse,” of which Swift participated in the credit, 
but the profit was wholly Pope's. 

The first visit of the Dean found his Friend indig- 
nant at the liberties which Theobald, in his Shake- 
speare Restored, had taken with Pope's Edition of 
the great Dramatic Poet ; and Theobald was conse- 

uently honoured with a niche in the “ Treatise on 
the Bathos*;” which, though principally the pro-_ 
duction of Dr. Arbuthnot, first drew upon the head 
of Pope the indignation of “ a nest of hornets.” 


‘On the other hand, the real Dunces, who are the majority in 
this Poem, were beneath the notice of a man who now enjoyed 
higher fame than any poetical para eC and greater popu- 
larity, and greater favour with men of rank, But it appears to 
have been Pope's opinion that insignificance should be no pro- 
tection, that even neutrality should not be safe, and that who- 
ever did not worship the Deity he had set up should be punished. 
Accordingly we find in this Poem contemptuous allusions to per- 
sons who had given no open provocation, and were nowise con- 
cerned in the Author’s literary contests. The Dunciad indeed 
seems intended as a general receptacle for all his resentments, 
just or unjust ; and we find that in subsequent editions he altered, 
arranged, or added to his stock, as he found, or thought he found 
occasion; and the Hero of The Dunciad, who was at first Theo- 
bald, became at last Cibber.” Chalmers's Biographical Diction- 
ary, vol. XXV. p.170. 

* « In which was a chapter (as we are told by Mr. Pope himself, 
under the name of Mr. Savage, who dedicated it to the Earl of Mid- 
dlesex) where the species of bad writers were ranged in classes, 
and initial Jetters of names prefixed, for the most part at random. 
But such was the number of Poets eminent in that art, that some 
one or other took every Letter to himself. All fell into so vio- 
lent a fury, that for half a year, or more, the common Newspa- 
pers (in most of which they had some property, as being hired 
Writers) were filled with the most abusive falsehoods and scurri- 
lities they could possibly devise ; a liberty no ways to be won- 
dered at in those people, and in those papers, that for many 
years, during the uncontrouled Licence of the Press, had as 
almost all the great characters of the age; and this with impu- 

‘ nity, 


759 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


At the same time Pope had made some progress iit 
The Dunciad* ; the first sketch of ee as it was 
pretended at the time, was snatched from the fire by 


nity, their own pérsons and names being utterly secret and ob- 
scure. This gave Mr, Pope BAe eich! he had now some 
portunity uf doing good, tecti tagging into light 
the enemies of mankind; since to fovalidate this universal 
slander, it sufficed to shew what contemptible men were the 
Authors of it, He was not without hopes, that by manifesting 
the dulness of those who had only lice to recommend them ; 
either the Booksellers would not find their account in 
them, or the men themselves, when discovered, want e 
to proceed in so unlawful an occupation, This it was that gave 
birth to The Dunciad; and he thought it an happiness, that by 
the late flood of yong Pag hi , he had ea such & 
peculiar right over their Names as was necessary to his design.” 
# One of Swift's Poems was thus addressed to him whilst he 
was writing The Dunciad: _, ete 


“ Pope has the talent well to speak, rate 
But not to reach the ear ; hae 
His loudest voice is low and weak, nity 
The Dean too deaf to hear. 
A while they on each other look, 
' _ Then different studies choose ; ' 
~The Dean sits plodding on a book ; “ 
Pope walks, and courts the Muse. 
Now backs of letters, though design’d 
For those who more will need ‘em, 
Are fill'd with hints, and interlin'd, 
Himself can hardly read ‘em. 
Each atom by some other struck 
All turns and motions tries: 
Till, in a lump together stuck, 
Behold a poem rise: 
Yet to the Dean his share allot ; 
He claims it by a canon; 
That without which a thing is not, 
Is, causa sine qud non, 
Thus, Pope, in vain you boast your wit 
For, had our deaf Divine 
Been for your conversation fit, 
You had not writ a line. 
Of Sherlock thus, for preaching fam'd, 
The sexton reason'd well ; 
And justly half the merit claim'd, 
Because he rang the bell.” 
Swift, 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 75I 


Swift, who persuaded his friend to proceed in it * ; 
and to him it was therefore Sosatibeds # phvby Weve bee 


* Ina Letter to the Dean, Oct. 22, 1727, Pope says, “ My 
Poem (which it grieves me that I dare not send you a copy of, 
for fear of the Curlls and Dennises of Ireland, and still more for 
fear of the worst of traitors, our Friends and Admivers)—my 
Poem, I say, will show you what a distinguished age we lived in! 
Your name is in it, with some others, under a mark of such ig- 
nominy as you will not much gtieve to wear in that company. 
Adieu; and God bless you, and give you health and spirits — 

“ Whether thou choose Cervantes’ serious air ; 
Or laugh dnd shake iri Rab'lais’ easy chair, 
Or in the graver gown instruct mankind, 
Or, silent, let thy morals tell thy mind. 
These two verses are over and above what I have said of you in 
the Poem.” [They were inserted in the Quarto Edition of 1728-9.] 

In a Letter to Mr. Gay, Nov. 17, Swift says, “ The Ss 
Opera hath knocked down Gulliver! I hope to see Pope's Dul- 
ness knock down the Beggar’s Opera, but not till it hath fully 
done its job.” — Lord Bolingbroke, in February 1727-8, jocosely 
tells the Dean, “ Pope charges himself with this Letter: he has 
been here two days; he is now hurrying to London; he will hurry 
back to Twickenham in two days more ; and before the end of 
the week he will be, for aught I know, at Dublin. In the mean 
time his Dulness grows, and flourishes, as if he was there already, 
It will indeed be a noble work: the many will stare at it, the few 
will smile ; and all his patrons, from Bickerstaff to Gulliver, will 
Tejoice to see themselves adorned in that immortal piece.”—And 
Mr. Pope, March 23, adds, ‘ As for those Scribblers for whom you 
apprehend I would suppress my Dulness (which, by the way, for 
the future you are to Call bya more pompous name, The Dun- 
ciad), how much that nest of hornets are my regard will easily 
appear to you when you read the Treatise of the Bathos, At all 
adventures, yours and my name shall stand linked as friends to 
posterity, both in verse and prose, and (as Tully calls it) in con- 
suetudine studiorum. Would to God our persons could but as well 
and as surely be inseparable! As the obtaining the love of valu- 
able men is the happiest end I know of this life, so the next 
felicity is to get rid of fools and scoundrels; which I cannot 
but own to you was one part of my design in falling upon these 
Authors, whose incapacity is not greater than their insincerity, 
and of whom J have always found (if I may quote myself) 

* That each bad Author is as bad a friend.” 
This Poem will rid me of those insects. 

* Cedite, Romani Scriptores, cedite Graii; 

Nescio quid majus nascitur Iliade.’ 
I mean than my Iliad; and I call it Nescio quid which is a degree 
of modesty ; but, however, if it silence these fellows, it must be 
something greater than any Iliad in Christendom.” T 
his 


752 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


- This was declaring interminable war. The Dunces 
were not sparing in retaliation; and this at the 
precise period when Mr. Warsurton (whose Let~ 
ters to Theobald are all long posterior in time to the 
first appearance of The Dunciad) became an hono- 

esha the Club. a 


ra. - 

‘The first publication * of The Dunciad appears fo 

have been early in 1728--; and the remainder of 
aby 


* This circumstance is involved in impenetrable m 
Its first appearance in Dublin was probably a contriv 
Pope and Swift; or it might have been a device of the 0 
Booksellers, to avoid the odium of being the original Publishe 
of a Work that was likely to create a great clamour amor 
them ; not without some apprehension of personal dan, 
We are told by Warburton that ‘‘ an imperfect Edition was 
lished at Dublin, and re-printed at London in twelves; 
at Dublin, and another at London in octayo; and three 
twelves the same year. But there was no perfect Edition 
that of London in 4to, 1729; which was attended with Ni 

“ Some false Editions of the Book having an Owl in’ 
Frontispiece, the true one, to distinguish it, fixed in its 
an Ass laden with Authors, Then, upon this surreptitious on 
being printed with the same Ass, the new Edition in octavo re. 
turned for distinction to the Owl again. Hence arose a 
contest of Booksellers against Booksellers, and Advertisemex 
against Advertisements ; some recommending the Edition of the 
Owl, and others the Edition of the Ass, by which names. they 
came to be distinguished, to the great honour also of the Gen- 
tlemen of the Dunciad.” Savace's Dedication to Lord Middlesex. 

In the earliest Edition I have met with, the title rans, “The 
Dunciad, an Heroic Poem, in Three Books. Dublin, printed ; 
London, re-printed for 4. Dodd, 1728. This Edition has the 
Oul, standing on a heavy pedestal, on the ledges of which are 
written, “ P.and K. Arthur ;” ‘“ Shakespeare Restored ;" “ Den- 
nis’s Works ;" ‘* Welsted’s Poems ;" ‘‘ Dennis's Plays.” 

+ The Publisher’s Address to the Reader will illustrate the His- 
tory of the Poem, and demonstrate the antipathy entertained by 
the Author against Theobald, the original Hero, 4 

“ It will be found a true observation, though somewhat sur- 

izing, that when any scandal is vented against a man of the 

ighest distinction and character, either in the State or in Litera- 
ture, the publick in general afford it a most quiet reception; and 
the larger part accept it as favourably as if it was some kindness 
done to themselves ; whereas, if a known scoundrel or block- 
head but chance to be touched upon, a whole legion is up in 
arms, and it becomes the common cause of all Scribblers, Book- 
sellers, and Printers whatsoever.—Not to search too deeply ae. 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 753 


that year teemed with an infinite variety of poetical 
squibs, and with pamphlets innumerable, many of 


the reason hereof, I will only observe as a ‘hee that every week 
for these two months past, the Town has been persecuted with 
Pamphlets, Advertisements, Letters, and Weekly Essays, not 
enly against the wit and writings, but against the character 
and person of Mr. Pope ; and that of all those men who have 
received pleasure from his works (which by modest computa- 
tion may be about a hundred thousand in these kingdoms of 
England and Ireland; not to mention Jersey, Guernsey, the 
Orcades, those in the New World, and Foreigners who have 
translated him into their languages), of all this number not a 
man hath stood up to say one word in his defence-—The only 
exception is the Author of the following Poem*, who doubtless 
had either a better insight into the grounds of this clamour, or 
a better opinion of Mr. Pope's integrity, joined with a greater 
personal love for him, than any other of his numerous friends 
and admirers. — Further, that he was in his peculiar intimacy, 
appears from the knowledge he manifests of the most private Au- 
thors of all the anonymous pieces against him, and from his 
having in this Poem attacked no man living +, who had not be- 
fore printed, or published, some scandal against this particular 
gentleman.—How I became possessed of it, is no concern to the 
Reader ; but it would have been a wrong to him, had I detained 
this publication ; since those names which are its chief orna- 
ments die off daily so fast, as must render it too soon unintel- 
ligible. If it provoke the Author to give us a more perfect 
Edition, 1 have my end. 

“ Who he is, I cannot say; and (which is a great pity) there 
is certainly nothing in his style and manner of writing, which 
can distinguish or discover him: for, if it bears any re- 
semblance to that of Mr. Pope, it is not improbable but it might 
be done on purpose, with a view to have it pass for his. But by 
the frequency of his allusions to Virgil, and a laboured (not to 
say affected) shortness in imitation of him, 1 should-think him 
more an admirer of the Roman Poet than of the Grecian, and in 
that not of the same taste with his Friend.—I have been well in- 
formed, that this work was the labour of full six years of his 
life, and that he wholly retired himself from all the avocations 
and pleasures of the world, to attend diligently to its correction 
and perfection ; and six years more he intended to bestow upon 

* A very plain irony, speaking of Mr. Pope himself. Waasurton. 

+ The Publisher in these words went a little too far; but it is certain 
whatever names the Reader finds that are unknown to hii, are of such ; 
and the exception is only of two or three, whose dulness, impudent’scur- 
rilities, or self-coneeit, all mankind agreed to bave justly entitled them to 
a place in The Dunciad. WanBuRTON. : 

¢ This irony had small effect in concealing the Author. The Dunciad, 
imperfect as it was, had not been published two days, but the whole ‘Town 
gave it to Mr. Pope. Waxburton. — grist 4 

VOL, 11, 3C it 


754 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


which were anonymous *; but’ several had) real 


names subscribed to them. varia 

it, as it should seem by this verse of Statius, which was cited. at 

the head of his manuscript, poets 
Oh miki, bissencs.maltum. vigilate, per. aandes ae poo 
Duncia! 


« Hence also we learn the true Title of the Poem; which 
the same certainty as we cull that of Homer, the Iliad, th ite 
oa ZEneid, of Camoéns the Lusiad, of Voltaire the ee 

ce, could have been, and ean be no other than ‘Tue 
jo, coma is styled Heroic, as being doubly so ; ep = | 

5 to its nature, which, according to the best 

Ancients, and strictest ideas of the Moderns, is critically 
; but also, with regard to the Heroical disposition rae 
courage of the Writer, who dared to stir up such a formi > 
irritable, and implacable race of mortals. ¢ 
«The time and date of the action is evidently in the. Tast 
Reign, when the office of Crry Port expired upon the death of 
Elkanah Settle ; and he has fixed it to the eats le Cee 
Thorol!.—But there may ari-e some obscurity 
from the Names in the Poem, by the inevitable removal pp 
Authors, and insertion of others, in their Niches: for whoever 
will consider the unity of the whole design, will be sensible that 
the Poem was not made for these Authors, but these Authors for 
the Poem. And I should j they were elapped in as they rose, 
fresh and fresh, and changed from day to day, in like manner 
as, when the old boughs wither, we thrust new ones into a chim~ 
ney. I would not have the Reader too much troubled or anxious, 
if he cannot decypher. them; since, when he shall have found 
them out, he will eomhinost no more of the Persons than 
before. Yet we judged it better to preserve them as are, 
than to change them for fictitious names, hy which the 
would only be roultiplied ; and applied to many instead of one, 
Had the Hexo, for instance, been called Codrus, how 
would have affirmed him to be Mr, W: » Mr. D 
R—— B——,, &c. But now, all that unjust scandal is saved, 
by calling him TazosaLp, which, by good luck, happens to be 
the name of a real person. I was indeed aware that this name 
may to some appear too mean for the Hero of an Epic Poem ! 
But it is hoped they will alter that opinion, when they find that 
an Author no less eminent than La Bruyere has thought him wor- 
thy a place in his “ Characters.” —‘‘ Voudriez vous, Tueopatpg, 
que je crusse que vous étes baisse? que vous n'étes plus Poete, ni 
bel esprit ? que vous étes presentement aussi mauvais yuge de tout 
genre d'ouvrage, que mechant auteur? Votre air libre & 
sumptueux me rassure, & me persuade tout le contraire, Ke. 
Characteres, vol. I. de la Societé & de la Conversation, 1720, p. 176. 
oy seals being was, ‘ Gulliveriana; or, a Fourth Volume of 
a) eed Sequel of the Three Volumes published by 
'o which is added, Alexandriana; or, @ Com- 


parison 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 755 


» Mr. Pope at the same time was diligently em- 
ployed in enlarging and improving his Poem*; of 
parison between the Ecclesiastical and Poetical Pope; and many 
Things in Verse and Prose relating to the latter. With an ample 
Preface ; and a Critique on the Third Volume of Miscellanies 
lately published by those Two facetious Writers, 1728."—This 
volume (which Mr. Pope attributed to Smedley +) contained sev 
ral of the genuine productions of the Dean ; some severe satires 
none him and Mr. Pope; and several interesting Letters from 

Daily Journal and Flying Post. 

* Swift, in a Letter to Pope, June 1, 1728, says, “ The Doc- 
tor [Delany] told me your secret about The Dunciad; which does 
not please me, because it defers gratifying my vanity in the most 
tender point, and perhaps may wholly disappoint it.”"—Popetellsthe 
Dean, June 28, “ The Dunciad is going to be printed in all y 
with the Inscription which makes me proudest (that is, inecriustto 
Swift). It will be attended with Proéme, Prolegomena, Testimonia 
Seriptorum, Index Authorum, and Notes Variorum. | As to the 
latter, 1 desire you will read over the Text, and make a few, in 
any way you like best; whether dry raillery, upon the style and 
way of commenting of trivial Critics ; or humourous, upon the 
Authors of the Poem; or historical, of Persons, Places, Times; 
or explanatory, or collecting the parallel passages of the Ancients.” 

The first intimation of Swift's having actually seen the Poem in 
print is dated July 16: ‘I have often run over The Dunciad in an 
Trish Edition (1 suppose full of faults) which a gentleman sent 
me. The Notes 1 could wish to be very large in what relates to 
the persons concerned: for I have long observed that, twenty 
miles from Londan, pobody understands hints, initial letters, or 
town facts and passages; and in a few years not even thase who live 
in London. | would have the names of those Seribblers printed 
indexically at the beginning or end of the Poem, with an account 
of their Works, for the Reader to refer to. 1 would have all the 
Parodies (as they are called) referred to the Author they imitate. 
—When I began this long paper, I thought I should have filled it 
with setting down the several passages | had marked in the Edition 
I had; but J find it unnecessary, so many of them falling under 
the same rule. After twenty times reading the whole, I never, in 
my opinion, saw 0 much good satire, or more good sense, insomany * 
lines. How it passes in Dublin I know not yet ; but I am sure it 
will be a great disadvantage to the Poem, that the persons and 
facts will not be understood till an explanation comes out, and a 
very full one. 1 imagine it is not to be published till toward win- 
ter, when folks begin to gather in town. Again I insist, you must * 
have your asterisks filled up with some real names of real Dunces.” 
—Ina Letter to Dr. Sheridan, in September 1728, Mr. Pope says, 
“J ammuch pleased with most of The Intelligencers*; but lama little 
piqued at the Author of them, for not once doing me the honour 
of a mention upon so honourable an occasion as being slandered 
* + See a Note on ‘The Dunciad, Book II. 291. 

4A periodical paper, published by Dr. Sheridan. 

3c@ by 


756 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


which, early in March 1728-9, a pompous Edition — 
appeared *, elegantly printed in quarto, accompa- 


’ by the Dunces together with my friend the Dean, who is pro= 
perly the Author of the Dunciad. It had never been writ but at ~ 
his request, and for his deafness ; for, had he been able to con-— 
verse with me, do you think I had amused my time so ill? I 
will not trouble you with amendments to so imperfect an Edition 
as is now published ; you will soon see a better, with a full and” 
true Commentary, setting all mistakes right, and branding none 
but our own cattle. Some very good Epigrams on the Gentle~ 
men of the Dunciad have been sent me from Oxford, and others: 
of the London Authors; if I had an amanuensis (which is a 
thing neither I nor my cominon trifles are worth) you should” 
have them with this. If your University or Town have pre 
duced any on this subject, pray send them me, or keep chou! 
together, for another day they may all meet.” — Nov. 12, he 
tells Swift, “The inscription to The Dunciad is now print- 
ed, and inserted in the m. Do you care I should say any 

ing farther how much that Poem is yours; since certainly 
without you it never had been? Would to God we were ao 
ther for the rest of our lives; the whole weight of Seri 
would just serve to find us amusement, and not more. I hope 
you are too well employed to mind them ; every stick you plant, 
and every stone you lay, is to some purpose: but the business of 
such lives as theirs is but to die daily, to labour, and raise no- 
thing. 1 only wish we could comfort each other under our bo- 
dily infirmities, and let those who have so great a mind to have 
more wit than we, win it and wear it. Give us but ease, health, 
peace, and fair weather! I think it is the best wish in the 
world, and you know whose it was. If I lived in Ireland, I fear 
the wet climate would endanger more than my life, my humour 
and my health, I am so atmospherical a creature. — I must not 
omit acquainting you, that what you heard of the words spoken 
of you in the Drawing-room was not true. The sayings of Princes 
are generally as ill related as the sayings of Wits. Tosuch re- 
ports little of our regard should be given, and less of our con- 
duct influenced by them.”"— The above extracts account for the 
entertaining and curious Notes. Mr. Pope was much interested 
in having as copious an illustration as possible ; notwithstanding 
he affects to say, or Mr. Cleland for him, that “‘ The Dunciad 
was an Orphan, sent into the world without care by its parent.” 

* Cleland’s Letter to the Publisher (believed to be fictitious) is 
dated “ St. James's, Dec. 8, 1728.” — Savage, in the Dedication 
already noticed, informs us, “ that on the 12th of March 1728-9, 
at St. James's, this Poem was presented to the King and Queen 
(who had before been pleased to read it) by Sir Robert Walpole ; 
and, some days after, the whole impression was taken, and dis- 
persed by several Noblemen and Gentlemen.” 

“It will be sufficient to say of this Edition, that the Reader 
has here a much more correct and complete copy of The Duneiad 

than 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 757 


nied with Proeme, Prolegomena, Testimonia Scrip- 
torum, Index Authorum, and Notes Variorum, 


than has hitherto appeared. I cannot answer but some mistakes 
may have slipped into it; but a vast number of others will be 
prevented, by the names being now not only set at Jength, but 
justified by the authorities and reasons given. I make no doubt, 
the Author's own motive to use real rather than feigned names 
was his care to preserve the innocent from any false application ; 
whereas in the former Editions, which had no more than the 
initial letters, he was made, by keys printed here, to hurt the 
inoffensive ; and (what was worse) to abuse his friends, by an 
impression at Dublin. —The Commentary which attends this 
Poem was sent me from several hands, and consequently must 
be unequally written; yet will have one advantage over miost 
Commentaries, that it is not made upon conjectures, or at a re- 
mote distance of time: And the Reader cannot but derive one 
pleasure from the very Obscurity of the persorit treats of, that it 
partakes of the nature of a Secret, which most people love to be 
let into, though the men or the things be ever so inconsiderable 
or trivial.—Of the Persons it was judged proper to give some ac- 
count ; for, since it is only in this monument that they must ex- 
pect to survive (and here survive they will, as long as the Eng- 
lish tongue shall remain such as it was in the reigns of Queen 
Anne and King George), it seemed but humanity to bestow a 
word or two upon each, just to tell what he was, what he writ, 
when he lived, and when he died.—If a word or two more are 
added upon the chief offenders, it is only as a paper pinned upon 
the breast, to mark the enormities for which they suffered ; lest 
the correction only should be remembered, and the crime for- 
gotten.—In some articles it was thought sufficient, barely to 
transcribe from Jacob, Curll, and other Writers of their own 
rank, who were much better acquainted with them than any of 
the Authors of this Comment can pretend to be. Most of them 
had drawn each other's characters on certain occasions ; but the 
few here inserted are all that could be saved from the general 
destruction of such works.—Of the part. of Scriblerus I need say 
nothing ; his manner is well enough known and approved by 
all but those who are too much concerned to be judges.—The 
Imitations of the Ancients are added, to gratify those who either 
never read, or may have forgotten them; together with some of 
the Parodies and allusions to the most excellent of the Moderns. 
If, from the frequency of the former, any man think the Poem 
too much a Cento, our Poet will but appear to have done the 
same in jest which Boileau did in earnest ; and upon which Vi- 
da, Fracastorius, and many of the most eminent Latin Poets, 
professedly valued themselves.” Editor's Advertisement, 1728-9. 
Ina Letter to Mr. Warburton, March 18, 1728-9, Theobald says, 
«You will hear, I doubt not, by our Friend Concanen, that the 
Parnassian war is like to break out fiercely again. The Dunciad is 
pompously re-printed in quarto, and the publication of it eyery 
- day 


458 © ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE? ~~ 


‘Inferior Editions were speedily multiplied, | with 
the Frontispiece both of the Owl and the Ass*. 
One which I possess, neatly printed in octavo, and 
apparently from a Dublin press, has an a 
page, “ The Dunciad, Variorum, with the Prolego- 


day expected t."—April 15, he pleasantly says to Concanen, “ If 
we look a little rth neg and custom of the a 
not appear so exti i as some have thought it, 

Pope, because he cannot be the Fountain of Honour to mankind, 
should be fond of usurping the Fountain of Infamy, and please 
himself with dealing out a fund of dirty promotions from that in- 
exhaustible spring, And as nothing yields a more sincere 

than to see the workings of a beneficent mind ; J doubt not 
every good man is rejoiced to observe this great Prince creating 
Dunces upon Dunces, of his own free-will and motion, with so 
much alacrity, and all in a due subordination. It is certain, Lought 
to be very well satisfied with my share of honours in his’ d 
of Duliness, since the preamble to my patent is, that he not 
find one more fit to wear them. 1 would not willingly act like the 
Favourite, whom Shakespeare somewhere deseribes, who, being 
made proud by his Prince, advanced his pride against the Power 
that bred it. But I would rather, like a grateful Favourite, lay 
out my talents in asserting the legality of my Master's title to 
those dominions, in which he exercises so free a sway, and from 
whence he sounsparingly dispenses his promotions} .”-He proceeds, 
“Mr. Pope's Dunciad having lately made its appearance in so 
po s a shape, with Notes Variorum (I am sorry the Editor 
could not spare us this short serap in a single language); I am 
very well content to pass over the slander of his wit; but ought 
not, as I apprehend, to rest silent under that of his malice, in 
which he would fix a pretended charge of ingratitude upon 
me—a vice, I hope, of all others, the least ingrafted in my 
nature. This charge is, ‘that, during the space of two years, 
while Mr. Pope was preparing his Edition of Shakespeare, 1}, 
who had then some correspondenee with him, and was soli- 
citing favours by letters, did wholly conceal my design (upon 
that Author) till after his publication §!" 

* Oct. 25, 1729, Theobald tells Warburton, “A new Edition of 
The Dunciad has for some weeks been threatened ; but the sword 
is yet only kept over our heads.—I am as much surprized as you, at 
the silence of some whom we take to be injured. For myself, you 
know, I have purposed to reply only in Shakespeare.”—March 10, 
1729-30, he adds, “ As it is necessary I should now inform the 
publick that ] mean to attempt to give them an Edition of that 
Poet's text, together with my corrections, I have concluded to give 
this notice, not only by Advertisements, but by an oceasiona] Pam- 
phlet, which, in order to retaliate some of our Editor's kind- 

+ See before, p. 209. I See p. 214. 

§ On this subject he manfully exculpates his whole conduct. See p. 221. 

nesses 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 759 


mena of Scriblerus *. London ; printed for 4: Dob 
(a disguise for Dod), 1729 +.” 
Towards the end of the same year, a regular Se- 
cond Edition, “with some additional Notes t,” was 
published by Lawton Gilliver, with the identical 


nesses to me, I mean to call, dn Mr. Pope's Judg- 
ment, extracted from his own a tape humbly addressed to kim. 
In this, as I have determined not to confine myself to his Shake- 
speare, but to some Criticisms that he has made, and some that 
he might have made, upon Homer; 1 take the liberty to send 
you the following extract § for your judgment ; and I will second 
it with some others of the same, if I have the pleasure of your 
encouragement todo it. I only premise, that my diffidence of my 
own strength, and my conviction of yours, makes me very de- 
sirous to be safe before I venture to launch out too far —vestigia 
nulla retrorsim.”—March 17, he adds, ‘The very kind you 
have for my character, which youareso partial to rate much beyond 
my desert, is a proof of such friendship as I shall ever highly es- 
teem, because it must be the offspring of a truly generous mind.” 
* In the Frontispiece is the Ass, laden with Books and News- 
papers (on the top of which an Owl is perched), inscribed, We- 
step Po.; Warp's Works, Dennis's Wonks; T1sBa.p's 
Prays; Orpmtxon ; Haywoop's Nov.; Court op Carman. ; 
Misr’s Journat; Batrisa Journat; Pasavin; Lonvon Jour.; 
DairyJoux. Atthe bottom are, Baker’sJournat; Fiyine Post; 
and on thesides, DgreRon 1N VICUM, VENDENTEMTHUSET ODORES. 
+ Probably that alluded to by Swift, in the following Letter 
to Pope, Oct. 31, 1729, ‘You were so careful of sending me 
The Dunciad, that 1 have received five of them, and have pleased 
four friends, I am one of every body who approve every part 
of it, Text and Comment; but am one abstracted from every 
body, in the happiness of being recorded your Friend, while wit, 
and humour, and politeness, shall have any memorial among us. 
As for your octavo edition, we know nothing of it; for we have an 
octavo of our own, which has sold wonderfully, considering our 
poverty, and dullness the consequence of it.” j 
The Dean, in a Letter to Sir Charles Wogan, in 1732, says, 
« You judge very truly, that the taste of England is infamously 
corrupted by shoals of wretches who write for their bread; and 
therefore I had reason to put Mr. Pope on writing the Poem 
called The Dunciad ; and to hale those scoundrels out of their 
obscurity, by telling their names at length, their works, their ad- 
ventures, sometimes their lodgings. and their lineage ; not with 
4's and B’s according to the old way, which would be unknown 
in a few years.” 
¢ To give the Author and Annotator every advantage they 
proposed in the ‘‘ Testimonies of Authors” prefixed to The Dun- 
ciad, their own garbled quotations shall here be fairly copied : 
§ See the extracts beforc, pp. 552, 565. 7 
“ Attacks 


. 


760 |. ALLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 
‘Plate described in the last-mentioned Edition;, but 


"© Attacks may be leveled, either against ‘failures in Genius, or 
‘against the Pretensions of writing without one.” Letter to Mis itn 


But, when I find all these meet, it puts me in mind of what th 
Poet says of one of his Heroes; that he alone raised : 
vith ease a weighty stone, that two common men could not 
from the ground; just so one single person has perfor 
this Translation, what I once despaired to have seen done by 
force of several masterly hands.’—Indeed the same gentle 
appears to have changed his sentiment, in his Essay on the Art 
of sinking in Reputation§, where he says thus: ‘In order to sink 
in Reputation, let him take it into his head to descend into Ho- 
iner (let the World wonder, as it will, how the devil he got there), 
‘and pretend to do him into English, so his version denote his 
neglect of the manner how.’ Strange variation ! — We are t 
in “ Mist's Journal, June 8, ‘ That this Translation of the Mia 
was not in all respects conformable to the fine taste of his friend 
Mr, Addison. Insomuch that he employed a younger Muse in 
an undertaking of this kind, which he supervised himself7— 
Whether Mr. Addison did find it conformable to his taste, or not, 
best appears from his own testimony the year following its publi- 
eation: ‘Mr. Addison, Freeholder—‘ When I consider myself a3 a 
British Freeholder, I am in a particular manner pleased with the 
labours of those who have improved our language with the 
tion of old Greek and Latin Authors. We have already 
most of their Historians in our own tongue; and, what is more 
for the honour of our language, it has been taught to express 
with elegance the greatest of their Poets in each nation. The illi- 
terate among our own Countrymen may learn to judge from Dry- 
den’s Virgil, of the most perfect Epic performance. And those 
parts of Homer which have been published already by Mr. Pope, 
give us reason to think that the Iliad will appear in English with 
as little disadvantage to that immortal Poem.’ — As to the rest, 
there is a slight mistake, for this younger Muse was elder: nor 
was the Gentleman (who is a Friend of our Author) pales by 
Mr. Addison to translate it after him, since he saith himself that 
he did it before. Contrariwise, that Mr, Addison engaged our 
§ Published after the appearance of “‘ The Dunciad ;” and by no means 
ascertained to be the production of Theobald. 
Author 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 761 


In 1732 appeared ‘ A; Collection. of Pieces. in 


Author in this Work, appeareth by declaration thereof in tbe 
Preface to the Iliad, printed some years before his death; and by 
his own Letters of October 26, and November 2, 1713, where 
he declares it his opinion that no other person was equal to it, 

“« Next comes his Shakespeare on the stage. ‘ Let him (quoth 
one, whom I take to be Mr. Theobald, Mist, March 30, 1728,) pub- 
lish such an Author as he has least studied, and forget to discharge 
even the dull duty of an Editor. In this’ project let him lend 
the Bookseller his name (for a competent sum of money hough) 
to promote the credit of an exorbitant subscription. —Gentle , 
be pleased to cast thine eye on the Proposal below quoted, and 
on what follows (some months after the former assertion) in the 
same Journalist of June 8: ‘ The Bookseller proposed the book 
by subscription, and raised some thousands of pounds for the 
same: I believe the Gentleman did not share in the profits of this 
extravagant subscription. — “ After the Iliad, he undertook (saith 
Mist's Journal, June 8,) the sequel of that Work, the Odyssey: 
and, having secured the success by a numerous subscription, he 
employed some underlings to perform what, according to his Pro- 
posals, should come from his own hands. ‘To which heavy charge 
we can in truth oppose nothing but the words of Mr. Pope's 
Proposals for the Odyssey (printed by J. Watts, Jan. 10, 1724) : 
* I take this occasion to declare, that the Subscription for Shake- 
pom belongs wholly to Mr. Tonson; and that the benefit of 

is Proposal is not solely for my own use but for that of two of 
‘my Friends, who have assisted me in this Work.’ 

«But these very gentlemen are extolled above our Poet him- 

self, by another of Mist's Journals, March 30, 1728, saying, 
‘that he would not advise Mr. Pope to try the experiment again, 
of getting a great part of a book done by assistants, lest those 
extraneous paris should unhappily ascend to the sublime, and re- 
tard the declension of the whole.’ Behold! these underlings are 
become good Writers !—If any say that, before the said Proposals 
were printed, the Subscription was begun without declaration of 
such assistance ; verily those who se¢ it on foot, or (as their term 
is) secured it, to wit, the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount 
Harcourt, were he living, would testify, and the Right Honour- 
able the Lord Bathurst now living doth testify, that the same is 
a falsehood. — Sorry I am, that persons professing to be learned, 
or of whatever rank of Authors, should either falsely tax, or be 
falsely taxed. Yet let us, who are only Reporters, be impartial 
in our citations.” Dunciad, 1729, 8vo, pp. 25-27.» 

The greater part of the preceding quotation is ascribed to 
Theobald on supposition only. Let us see what the Letter-writer, 
whoever he was, really did say, in the same paper of June 8, 
1728, “ The Dunciad being now a prevailing amusement, I 
hope you will postpone one Lecture in Politics for the sake 
of such sublime Heroics. 1 must confess myself nothing con- 
cerned with the Muses, having all my life been devoted to 

different 


62 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. | 


‘Verse and Prose, which have been published oft oc» 
casion of The Dunciad.” To this vollihe is prefixed, 


5 


different studies. But I have a most flowing and extensive 
benevolence; and when I assert the ts, or avenge th 
wrongs of mankind, as I act from the first principles of Na- 
ture, whatever the cause may be which I make my concern, 
none can say I act out of my province.— The Preface to the 
= declares the Author to be the Friend and Advocate of Mr. 
; his professed design is to that gentleman's ene- 
mikes and is t complaint, that of ail that ‘ageitiotl person’s 
admirers, modestly computed within these three kingdoms, to 
be one hundred pre Recent not one has appeared in of 
character, which has long been the subject of general satire, 
suffered unusual insults. — Now I think this complaint must 
ag the most indifferent Reader against Mr. Pope, that, 
ke, so prodigious an interest with the publick, ke had not 
one advocate amongst an hundred thi admirers} a misfor- 
tune which in common reason he can only owe to the worst 
cause, and most palpable injustice. I am therefore of opinion, 
the Preface to The Dunciad is a satire on Mr. Pope, infinitely 
more severe than any that has yet appeared, o 
“The point of the Satire was not only wrong applied, but 
most unnatural and unjust. It reproached a person for the ex- 
ercise of his own private judgment, and abused him for not 
being severe, or ill-natured, to the he could not approve. 
—And what shewed the ndeiietsos Mobaleléa of the Noid 
more than all, he worked up the Satire with the most inhuman 
unmanily reflections on persons distressed by involuntary evils ; 
charging it on them as criminal, that they were poor and unbe- 
friended , a fate that has often befel the bravest and the worthiest 
men ; a fate which Dryden, Butler, and Cowley, could not escape; 
which even the great Homer suffered, to whose immortal Work 
he owes so much wealth himself, and which had possibly been his 
own lot, had not better stars decreed him Maro, the friend whom 
he thus abused.—After this, he undertook a Translation, the sé- 
quel of that Work which occasioned this contention ; and having 
secured the success by anumerous subscription, he employed some 
underlings to perform what, according to his Proposal, should 
come from his own hands.—And now we must explain the occa- 
sion of The Dunciad. An eminent Bibliopole, well known for 
his thriving genius, was desirous to publish a correct Edition of 
a famed British Poet, and applied to this gentleman as the ablest 
hand, in his opinion, that could do him justice. Our Author, 
being thus applied to, named a sum, which he thought a rea- 
sonable premium; and, on that consideration, undertook the 
Work. The Buokseller immediately proposed it by subscription, 
and raised some thousands of pownds for the same; I believe the 
gentleman did not share in the profits of this extravagant sab- 
scription ; yet this is no excuse for publishing the Author with so 
many errors, and is no satisfaction to the Subscribers for that 
vast 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 763 


a Dedication to the Right Honourable Charles Sack+ 
ville Earl of Middlesex; to which the name of Rich- 


vast price they paid for a bad Edition. — As the world resented 
the imposition, and were angry with the man who had given the 
sanction of his name to such an abuse, a different hand thought 
he had sufficient right to restore the Original Text, which, with- 
out invading any property the Editors could claim, he performed 
to the satisfaction of the publick, and obtained a kind reception, 
though unassisted by any subscription, — Our ingenious Author, 
on this occasion, thought fit to exert his uncommon ill-nature ; 
and, having collected all the rubbish of twenty years, the best part 
whereof was none of his own, he inserted the famous Satire I 
have mentioned, with some lines expunged, and others added, to 
express his indignation at the man who had supplied his defects 
without his reward, and faithfully performed what himself under- 
took, and ought to have discharged. —The reproach our Author 
made use of in this case, was that his opponent Rival had no 
nius ; a rare objection, I confess, when his own exalted self, with 
all his great abilities, never discharged the labour which gained 
his Opponent such credit !— And it being impracticable to ex- 
pose any errors in that Work, he was extravagantly witty on some 
earlier productions of his antagonist; a poor shift in truth, and 
ey: little to the purpose! ‘The question to the publick was, Who 
had done most justice to Shakespeare? or, in other words, Who 
understood him best ? And such ungenerous reprizals did more 
mischief than service to our Author s reputation,—At this time, 
likewise, many bickerings and skirmishes happened ; a barbarous 
unnatural Civil War being commenced between our Author and. 
the minor Poets, some complained of Characters abused, and 
others of Collections plundered; which latter was unprecedented 
cruelty ; for the Gentleman might have scorned to rob those 
persons he had libeled for their Poverty; nor was it any honour 
to defraud those of their Works whom he had decried as Dunces. 
— At length he published The Dunciad, to abuse all his Friends, 
and scourge all his Enemies. The sublime Poet Maurus *, and his 
Arthurs, were introduced, to adorn the Work, and save the ex- 
pence of invention. Poor Namby Pamly + likewise was aspersed, 
because he had written much better Pastorals than himself. And his 
* Persian Tales’ were censured in the next place, because they were 
translated for thirty pence apiece ; —a crime, indeed, that deserves 
reproach ; for it is not the virtue of all men to deal in five guinea 
subscriptions ! — But the Hero of his Farce was the man who had 
incurred his eternal vengeance, by doing justice to pour Shake- 
speare. Over him, and all the brethren of the quill, he triumphed 
in heroic rage; though I cannot but think he might have spared 
Cibber, for having shewn less mercy to Shakespeare than he him- 
self.— He took an uncommon delight in burlesquing the Dra- 
matic Pieces of his Enemy, and was unmerciful in his usage to 
abundance of Poets and Poems ; but his own Plays and Farces 
* Sir Richard Blackmore. + Ambrose Philips. fs 
wou 


764 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 9 > 


ard Savage is subscribed, but generally supposed. 
to have been written by Pope himself *.. > 

The name of Colley Cibber + was first introduced 
as the Hero of The Dunciad in the Edition of 17423 


would have adorned The Dunciad much more gracefully, for hy 
had neither genius for Tragedy nor Comedy ; and when he had 
laid aside his inimitable jingle of rhymes, he wanted spirit, Bad 
and sense, as much as any man whatever. —'The model his 
Poem seems copied from Mack-Fleckno, and the Dispensary ; but 
is as different from Dryden, if compared with that pointed S a 
tire, as it is below. the admired and elegant reflections which 
are the Beauties of Garth, The smooth numbers of The Dunci: 
are all that recommend it, nor has it any other merit.” 
* This “ Collection,” formed by Pope's Bookseller (Lawton | 
liver) out of several detailed Pamphlets remaining unsold in his 
shop, comprises, ‘‘ Two Epistles to Mr. Pope, concerning tl 
Authors of the Age, By the Author of the Universal Passion, 
1730.” “ An Essay on Satire, particularly on The Duneiad. 
By Walter Harte, of St. Mary Hall, Oxon. To which is added, 
A Discourse on Satires, arraigning’ Persons by Name; by Mon- 
sieur Boileau, 1730.” ‘* Harlequin Horace; or, the Art of Mo- 
dern Poetry. 1731." “ An Epistle to Mr. Pope from a yor 
Gentleman at Rome, 1730." ‘‘ Certain Epigrams in Laud ane 
Praise of the Gentlemen of The Dunciad.” ‘ An Author to be— 
let. Being a Proposal, humbly addressed to the Consideration of - 
the Knights, Esquires, Gentlemen, and other worshipful and 
weighty Members of the old and anciént Society of the Bathos, 
By their Associate and Well-wisher Iscariot Hackney.” _“ Essays, 
Letters, and other Occasional Pieces, relating to the War of the 
Dunces, from May 14 to October 6, 1730.” ~ 
«« Whereas, upon occasion of certain Pieces relating to the 
Gentlemen of The Dunciad, some have been willing to suggest, 
as if they looked upon them as an abuse; we can dono less 
own, it is our opinion, that to call these Gentlemen bad Authors 
is no sort of abuse, but a great truth. We cannot alter this opi- 
nion without some reason ; but we promise to do it in respect to 
every person who thinks it an injury to be represented as no Wit, 
or Poet, provided he procures a Certificate of his being really 
such, from any three of his companions in The Dunciad, or from 
Mr. Dennis singly, who is esteemed equal to any three of the 
number.” Advertisement printed in the Journals, 1730. 
+ The introductory couplet in the original Edition, and conti- 
nued till 1742, reads thus : 
«« Books and the Man I sing, the first who brings 
The Smithfield Muses to the ear of Kings.” 
This was altered, on the introduction of Cibber, to 
«The mighty Mother, and her Son, who brings 
The Smithfield Muses to the ear of Kings, 
Ising. Say you, her instruments the Great! 


Call’d to this work by Dullness, Jove, and Fate ; You 


ORIGIN AND PROGRESS OF THE DUNCIAD. 765 


and in that year a Fourth Book of The Dunciad was 
published separately*. : 

You by whose care, in vain decry'd and curst, 

Still Dunce the second reigns like Dunce the first.” 

To account for the change (or rather to disguise it) the Anno- 
tator thus comments, and signs the note ‘‘ Benriey.” 

«It was expressly confessed in the Preface to the first Edition, 
that this Poem was not published by the Author himself. It was 
printed originally in a foreign country. And what foreign coun- 
try? Why, one notorious for blunders; where, finding blanks 
only instead of proper names, these blunderers filled them up at 
their pleasure, The very Hero of the Poem hath been mistaken 
to this hour; so that we are obliged to open our Notes with a 
discovery who he really was. ‘We learn from the former Editor, 
that this Piece was presented by the hands of Sir Robert Walpole 
to King George IJ. Now the Author directly tells us, his Hero 
the man __———. who brings t 
The Smithfield Muses to the ear of Kings. 

And it is notorious who was the person on whom this Prince 
conferred the honour of the Laurel.—It appears as plainly, from 
the Apostrophe to the Great in the third verse, that Tibbald 
could not be the person, who was never an Author in fashion, or 
caressed by the Great ; whereas this single characteristic is suffi- 
cient to point out the true Hero; who, above all other Poets of 
his time, was the Peculiar Delight and Chosen Companion of the 
Nobility of England; and wrote, as he himself tells us, many of 
his Works at the earnest desire of Persons of Quality. — Lastly, 
The sixth verse affords full proof; this Poet being the only one 
who was universally known to have had a Son so exactly like 
him, in his poetical, theatrical, political, and moral capacities, 
that it could justly be said of him, 

Still Dunce the second reign’d like Dunce the first. Benriey.” 

This alteration of the Hero produced a very spirited Letter 
from Mr. Cibber to Mr. Pope, inquiring into the Motives that 
might induce him in his Satirical Works to be so frequently fond 
of Mr. Cibber’s Name,” dated July 7, 1742 ; and it was followed, 
in August, by, 1. ‘A Letter to Mr. Cibber, on his Letter to Mr. 
Pope ;” 2. “‘ Homer preserved by Colley’s brazen Face; or, the 
Twickenham Squire laid by the Heels;” 3. ‘A Blast upon 
Bayes; or, a new Lick at the Laureat ;” 4. ‘ Blast upon Blast ; 
er, a new Lesson for Mr. Pope.” 

* « We apprehend it can be deemed no injury to the Author 
of the Three first Books of The Dunciad, that we publish this 
Fourth. It was found merely by accident, in taking a survey-of 
the Library of a late eminent Nobleman; but in so blotted a 
condition, and in so many detached pieces, as plainly shewed it 
to be not only incorrect, but unfinished. That the Author of the 
Three first Books had a design to extend and complete his Poem 
in this manner, appears from the Dissertation prefixed to it, 
where it is said, that the design is more extensive, and that we may 


expect 


766 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. _ 


The first complete Edition of the whole Poem 
appeared in 1743, under the avowed su 
ance of Mr. Warburton *. 

After the intimacy commenced between Warbur- 
ton and Pope, the learned Commentator presided 
over the counsels of the drowsy Goddess with de- 
spotic sway, deposing and creating Monarchs and 


expect other episodes to complete it : And from the declaration in the 
Argument to the Third Book, that the accomplishment oj of the pro~ 
phecies therein would be the theme hereafter of agreater Dunciad, But 
whether or no he be the Author of this, -we declare ourselves ig- 
norant. Ifhe be, we are no more to be blamed for the publiea~ 
tion of it, than Tucca and Varius for that of the last Six Books 
of the Aneid, though perhaps inferior to the former.—If any 
sepeniprmeainiie shoes eseeatoneys meee Work, or of 
other fragments of it, and will communicate them | to the 
Pu lisher, we shall make the next Edition more complete: in 
which we also promise to insert any Criticisms thatshall be published 
(if at all to the pore) with ~ Names ~ perpen cen 
ters sent us (though not to t! sI 
under the title CF istole GhacanrianFiccrdees hich, ma 
with some others of the same kind formerly laid oie 
may make no unpleasant addition to the future im} 
this Poem. Editor's Advertisement, prefixed to Book IV. 

This Book was added, by Mr. Hepe at the “of 
Mr, Warburton; who, ina Letter to Mr, Bowyer, April 10, 1744, 
says, ‘‘ | am glad you have been printing for Mr. Pope. Don't 
mention to any, 1 beg of you, your suspicion about the Notes, 
Is it not a noble Poem? Lam glad The Dunciad has such a run. 
The Greek, 1 know, will be well printed in your Edition, not- 
withstanding the absence of Scriblerus.” ty 

* «1 have long had a design of giving some sort of Notes on 
the Works of this Poet. Before I had the happiness of his ac~ 
quaintance, I had written a Commentary on his Essay on Man, 
and have since finished another'on the Essay on Criticism. “Phere 
was one already on The Dunciad, which had met with general 
approbation: but I still thought some additions were want- 
ing (of a more serious kind) to the humourous Notes of Serible- 
rus, and even to those written by Mr. Cleland, Dr. Arbuthnot, 
and others. 1 had lately the pleasure to pass some months with 
the Author in the country, where I prevailed upon him to do 
what I had long desired, and favour me with his explanation of 
several passages in his Works, It happened, that just at that 
juncture was published a ridiculous book against him, full of 
Personal Reflections, which furnished him with a lucky oppor- 
tunity of improving This Poem, by giving it the only thing it 
wanted, a more considerable Hero, He was always sensible of its 
defect in that particular, and owned he had let it pass with the 


ORIGINAND PROGRESS OF THE’ DUNCIAD. 767) 


Princes with as much sang froid as Napoleon 
Buonaparte himself in the height of his maddest 
frenzy. He had the game in his own hands; and 
hurled his vengeance with relentless fury. 

. In 1749, a neat Edition in 12mo was published, 
with the title of “* The Dunciad, complete, in Four 
Books, according to Mr. Pope’s last Improvements. 
With several Additions now first printed *, and the 


Hero it had, purely for want of a better; not entertaining the 
least expectation that such an one was reserved for this Post, as 
has since obtained the Laurel; but since that had happened, he 
could no longer deny this justice either to him or The Dunciad. 
—And yet I will venture to say, there was another motive which 
had still more weight with our Author: this person was one, 
who from every Folly (not to say Vice) of which another would 
be ashamed, has constantly derived a Vanity ; and therefore was 
the man in the world that would least be hurt by it. W.W.1748.” 

* In this Edition the amiable Dr. John Burton was thus gib- 
beted in a Note on Book IV. ver. 443: : 

« These two lines stood originally thus: 

«* And most but find that Centinel of God, 

A drowsy Watchman in the land of Nod. 

But to this there were two objections, the pleasantry was too low 
for the Poet, and a deal too good for the Goddess. For though 
(as he told us before) Gentle Dulness ever loves a joke (II. 34.), 
and (as this species of mirth arises from a mal-entendd) we may 
well suppose it to be much to her taste, yet this above is not 
nuine, but a mere counterfeit of wit, as we shall see by cr 
by the side of it one of her own jokes, which we find in the Re- 
yerend Mr. Burton's late Satire upon Bath +, in the following 
words: Virum, quem non ego san? doctissimum, at certe omnium, 
quotquot fer? uspiam, Literatissimum appellare ausim. And look, 
the more respectable the subject, the more grateful to our God- 
dess is the offering. Scris.”—At the request of Bp. Hayter the 
note was reluctantly withdrawn f. ; 

The Commentator had afterwards an intention of placing 
also the learned Editor of Lysias and Demosthenes in an ele- 
vated situation among the Dunces.—‘* As Cibber,” he says, 
“ supplied the place of Tibbald, so shall Taylor take place of 
Webster, though 1 will tell you my thoughts sincerely, I do not 
think he has so good an understanding as Webster. But it re- 
quires an infinitely better than either of them has, to understand 
the plainest of truths, that the most learned Dunce, when, or 
wherever he exists, remains still the same Dunce in which he came 
into the world.” Letter to Mr. Hurd, Jan. 12, 1757. ~ 

The following note on Book I]. 137, appeared in some copies 
of the Edition of 1751, but was afterwards removed by a cancel. 

+ “Iter Bathoniense, a Poem, 1748,” folio. See vol. I. p. 766. 

3 See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 587. 

ta In 


768 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Dissertations on the Poem and the Hero, and Notes 
Variorum. Published by Mr. Warburton *.” 
To this Edition is prefixed a Frontispiece 
signed by N. Blakey, and engraved by CG f 
exhibiting the auRELED Crsper seated ona’ 
and at the bottom the motto from The Dunciad. 
All my Commands are easy, short, and full: 
My Sons! be proud, be selfish, and be dull” 


“In verity (saith Scriblerus) a very bungling trick. Hi 
better might our worthy Brethren of Grub‘street be taught ( 
many things they have already been) by the modern pri : 
Modern Theology, who, when they make free with their 
pes pe ei seize upon his good works rather than his 
name ; as knowing that those will produce a name of their own; 
so that, while the Poetaster gives his Works in another man’s 
name, the Theologaster more wisely gives “his name to another 
man’s Works. ‘Thus Waterland transferred the 
learning of Bishop Bull into his Defences ‘of the Orthodox iD 
And Jackson, inferior to his adversary both in sense and letters, 
went beyond him in this, that he took to himself the entire An- 
swers of Dr. Clarke ; and by that means gained, what he on 
aimed at, the reputation of the better disputant — with the goo 
faith, and, I make no doubt, with the same self:complacency of 
that illustrious seller of brooms, who, when a neighbour of the 
trade told him * he was under’ some surprize at his affording 
brooms cheaper than himself ; for, to tell you a secret, brother,” 
says he, ‘ I steal my materials,’ replied, “Go; you fool, ‘Tcan tell 
you a greater ; I steal mine ready made.” © (syed bata 
Leaden Gilbert, Book 1V. of 1749, 608, was softened in 1751 
into “ leaden G—— ;" and the following note withdrawn fA 
reflection upon the Age the Goddess had just then restored, ‘not 
on the Person to whom the aguomen is given, according to the 
sublime custom of the Easterns, in calling’ new-born Prinees 
after some great and recent event.” t One 
* Who says, in an Advertisement, *‘ This Edition of The Duns 
ciad is published for the same reason that the Editor, some time 
ago, published the Essay on Man, to prevent surreptitious and 
irated Editions, to the injury both of the Proprietor and the 
rehaser. As these two Works are, in their several kinds, 
complete, and independent on any other, they will (for the pur~ 
pose above-mentioned) be always separately continued in sale." 
— There is a little Edition of The Dunciad published for the 
market, I did not think it worth sending to you, because there _ 
is a better in reserve, which 1 intended for you. In this there is 
a noted Dunce or two that came in my way. But I shall have 
one general reckoning with them (which I hope you will not 
think unsuitable to my character), and then adieu to the Dances 
for ever.” Letter to Mr, Hurd, Feb. 10, 1749-50. 


Lerrers 


“( 769°") 


Lerrers to Dr. Sruxexey, from the Marquis of 
Liypsey, Lord Hartey, the Earls of WincHEL- 
sEA, Hartrorp, Pemsroke, Oxrorp, Dersy, 
and WEstmorELAND, Abp. WAKE, and the Duke 
of Montacu *. 


€ Str, London, Aug.7, 1715. 
“TT find by yours that you have now finished the draught of the 
Church and Steeple at Boston ¢, which you design to dedicate to 
me. If you please to send your Engraver to me, he may see my 
Arms, and receive what directions you' think proper. 
«Tam your humble servant, Linpsey $.” 
“« Str, Wimpole, Nov. 21, 1721. 
«I received a Letter from you of November 16, in which you 
desire I would allow Mr. Wanley to stay in town till the Elec- 
tion for a Secretary to the Royal Society be over§. I have wrote 
to Mr. Wanley this post, to let him know that, if he pleases, I 
give my consent very freely for his staying in town, 1 heartily 
wish you success in your undertaking ; and am, Sir, 
« Your humble servant, Harter ||.” 
Sir, Eastwell, Oct. 20, 1722. 
** Nothing could so much atone for your leaving us so soon, as 
letting me hear from you. ‘1 was extremely pleased to learn, by 
your very obliging, entertaining, and instractive Letter, that, 
after a long penance here, by what you saw and observed in your 
way, the journey must have been very agreeable to you; and 
that you are, after all your toils, arrived in good health, and are in 
safe harbour before the rough season of the year comes in, and 
where I hope very soon to wait on you. I set ont from hence 
next Tuesday ; shall dig for urns, &c. next day, and view the 
Kit-Coty-house ; which, by the help of your observations, I shall 
see to much greater advantage than I could otherwise have done. 
Your account of it seems very just, and, I am sure, is very cu- 
ridus. Iam glad you have prevailed with Mr. Taylor to let a 
section be made in this grave ; perhaps I shall get it done, but 
I doubt whether it can well be while | am present, for want of 
time. I am glad you think this work strengthens my conjec- 
tures concerning Julabury’ 's grave. You encourage me to study 


* For the greater part of this Correspondence, I am indebted to the Rev. 
J.P. St. John (see before, p. 1).—The other Letters are transcribed from 
the Originals in the British Museum. 

+ Agood South View of Boston Church was drawn and published by 
Dr. Stukeley ; who dedicated the Plate to “ Peregrine Marquis of Lindsey, 
and Lord Willoughby of Eresby, eldest son of Robert first Duke of Ancas- 
ter,” with a brief history of it annexed. A smaller View is inserted in his 
itinerarium Curiosum, Plate XIX, 

t Peregrine. Bertie, afterwards second Duke of Ancaster, and Lord 
Great Chamberlain. He died in January 1741. 

§ The vacancy. was occasioned by the resignation of Dr, Edward Halley. 
Dr. James Jurin was the successful Candidate. 

{| Edward Lord Harley, afterwards second Earl of Oxford ; see p. 785. 

_ VOL, 11, 3D that 


770 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 


_that matter a little farther ; and your learned and very judicious 
Letter, with the observations you made in your way from Dover 
to Eastwell, give me great light. _I will certainly, as you desire, 
bring you some of the stones out of Todingden J much 
fear my time will not allow me to see the Roman Durolenum, 
unless it falls in my coaeh-way to Bursted. I should en- 
large a great deal upon your Letter if [ did not hope to. see,you 
so soon, when we can discourse upon these things at large. 

“TI received a Letter last post from my Lord Hartford *, who is 
a great lover of Antiquities; he sent me a design of a fine Tesse- 
Jated Pavement found in a church-yard at Gloucester, It seems 
to be very curious, but perhaps you have seen it. I have pro- 
mised my Lord your acquaintance, and you will not let me break 
my word with him. Mr.and Mrs. Smith present their humble 
services. to you; and I am, Sir, your much obliged and most 
humble servant, WINcaILsEAt.” 

« Str, Dec. 27, 1722.. 

“| supped last night with my Lord Hartford, who has not 
recovered strength enough to go this week to Hounslow, but 
be very glad to go with you the next. 1 am commissioned in the 
mean time, with his humble service to you, to desire your com- 
pany at dinner with him to-morrow, which day he chuses, because 
he is to be at home all day, and, being in waiting }, he eannot so 
well fix any other. If you have no engagement that interferes 
with this, 1 will call upon you to-morrow morning, that we may 
go together. You will much oblige my Lord, if you will carry 
with you a book of your drawings, and the book in which we 
write our names and mottos ; and, if you have e’er a ring left, I 
believe it will not be unwelcome. 

“« Pray favour me with a line or two, and you will oblige, Sir, 
your affectionate brother and humble servant, WINcHILSEA.” 

“Sin, April 17, 1723. 

«< Tf this finds you well enough to endure a coach, I shall send 
you mine to-morrow morning by eight o'clock, or soon after, to 
bring you to Lord Hartford's, from whence his coach will carry 
us with his Lordship to Hounslow. We go so early, that we may 
be returned hy three o'clock in the afternoon, and dine in Dover- 
street. My Lord depends upon your going, if it may be without 
prejudice to'you. He presents his humble service to you. 

* Pray let me know by the bearer whether you are well enough 
to go upon this expedition.—I am, Sir, your very affectionate bro- 
ther, and most humble servant, WINCHILSEA.” » 

“ Sir, Reading, May 9, 1723. 
«Though I could not see you before my departure, I will 
write from hence, to let you know that in my way hither I have 
* Algertion Seymour, son of Charles sixth Dake of Somerset. On the 
death of bis father in 1748 he became the seventh Duke, and died in 1750. 
Lord Hartford was in the year 1724 elected President of the Society of 

Antiquaries ; and the Earl of Winchilsea a Vice-President. 

+ Daniel Finch, fifth Earl of Winchilsea (so the noble Earl uniformly 

spelt his name). He died in 1726; see p. 783. 

} As Lord of the Bedchamber to the Prince of Wales, afterwards Geo. II. 


gone 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR. STUKELEY. 77h 


gone through our Camp on the Heath. I was drove into it in 
my chaise, and all over it; and am witha great deal of pleasure 
satisfied (if possible) more than 1 was before, of its great anti- 
quity, and of its being a Roman Camp. [ will not trouble you 
with farther particulars, more than that I find it is almost a mile 
beyond a turnpike, which is two miles from Hounslow ; viz. the 
Camp is thirteen miles from London. ‘These are but trivial ob- 
servations ; yet, if 1 had passed by the Camp without going up 
to it (as I shall always do when | can) my conscience would 
have flown in my face the next time you and I had met.—I hope 
to be in town next Wednesday ; soon after which 1 shall wait on 
you; and, L believe, Lord Hartford (who will send you this) 
will be at liberty to go with us to our Antiquarian Society—I am, 
Sir, your affectionate brother and humble servant, WincHILsea.” 

« Sin, ‘ May 24, 1723. - 

“1 am very sorry to tell you, that, after your having given 
yourself so much trouble in setting our meeting for next Mon- 
day, a delay of a few days is yet requested ;-for Lord Hartford 
desired me last night to let-you know that the King has ap- 
pointed the Opera to be on that day; and, if he goes to it, my 
Lord, who is in waiting, will be obliged to attend him, and 
therefore cannot engage to meet us next Monday; but, if the 
Wednesday after will be as convenient to you and the rest of our 
brethren, he will not fail us that evening, or any other except 
Thursday, when T believe he will attend the King as far as Greens 
wich. My Lord is much concerned, that, from this accident, you 
will have the trouble of sending to stop our friends coming on 
the day appointed, and engaging them for the new day. 

‘Lord Hartford sends you his service, and I am, Sir, your very 
affectionate brother and humble servant, /Wincuitsea.” 

« Dear Brorugr, AND VENERABLE Druin, Tae 

“1 prevent our Brother Segonaz's* writing ; but, with his com- 
pliments, I must pay his thanks for your Letter, and design of 
the famous camp on Oldbury Hill, with your description of it: T 
have put a copy of your drawing into my Journal. 

“7 have a favour to desire of you, if you have an opportunity 
of sending me a Letter, and time to write it before we leave this 
place, which will be on Tuesday next. 1 would desire of you to 
draw sme the two Circles; one, the great one which surrounds 
the village of Abury; the other, the outward level of the Temple 
of Earth at Overton Hill, without any of the other Circles; and 
these only seratched out without compasses, or any measure, in 
single lines, with the avenues which go both ways, and these 
each with a single line (without any mark of the stones), I desire 
this because I cannot perfectly recollect how they lie to the grand 
work ; particularly, how that runs which gues to Beckhampton. 
Excuse this trouble-—I have services from Lady Hartford, and 
all friends here, to send you. We all wish, if you cannot come 

* Lord Hartford's Druidical name; Lord Winehilsea assumed that of 


Cyngetorix; and Dr. Stukeley was styled Chyndonar, _ 
3pn2 sooner, 


772 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


sooner, that you would come hither on Monday evening ; and 
you may from hence as easily go by the Bath coach n 
as from Abury.—We met at a gentleman’s where we dined to-day 
two Mr. Nicholas’s, one a brother of Mr. William Nicholas, the Jat- 
ter his cousin, who intends to call upon you at Abury next Sunday 
after dinner. We all congratulate your pleasure at the Camp. I 
should have told you before that Boadicea’s service was sent to.the 
Druid; but I must add, not the Boadicea that was ravished,—I am 
your very affectionate brother and humble servant, CyyceTortx.” 
© Sir, | : July 15, 1723. 
«Thanks in abundance for your Letter, and design of the 
Abury avenues ; you have sent me just what I wanted. To-mor- 
row, I trust, we shall all be in motion *. I wish you a good jour- 
ney to the Bath; and hope your harvest for this season is not yet 
over, but that you will discover more Antiquities, and add to the 
great treasures you have already acquired ; while I shall, if 1 am 
not deceived, besides Maiden Castle and Dorchester ae 
atre, visit theCamp between Sherbourne and JIchester; when 
I come back to this place, I shall go to Oldbury HillCamp: You 
have described it so agreeably that I shall have no peace of mind 
if I leave this place without seeing it; and, if I do not flatter my- 
self, Tshall carry home some good pieces of Antiquity to add to my 
collection —Yesterday Mr. Solley +, an acquaintance of yours, and 
a great traveller, dined with Lord Hartford. The Bishop of Salis- 
bury has presented him to Preshutt Vicarage ; this was thefirst day 
of his coming here. 1 think he isa very ingenious man; he has a 
Collection of Antient Medals, which I shall see when I am in 
town.—I need not send my Lord Hartford's compliments, he in- 
tending to write to you himself: but I am charged with my La- 
dy’s. You sent her the benedictions of a Druid, and I am to let 
you know that she sends you those of the Cum@an Sibyl’ and 
the blessings of such a Sibyl must be sweet. Captain Edwards 
is your humble servant, and is not afraid to meet you again on 
Silbury Hil) over another punch-bowl. Mr. Clavering does net 
only present you with his service, but with a petition too; and 
desires the venerable Druid, who is Priest of the ‘Temple of the 
Sun, will prefer him to the Priesthood of the Moon, And for 
Pokey, if you will accept her compliments, her bones will rattle 
for joy in her skin, for she has no flesh to interrupt them, Lady 
Betty will not be left out, but adds her service to you; and, if I 
had room, I should have a great deal to say from her; but I 
must conclude, who am, with a great deal of sincerity, dear Bro- 
ther, your most humble servant, WINCHILSEA.” 
“ My pear Drurp, Eastwell, Oct. 3, 1723. 
* You cannot imagine with what pleasure I received your Let- 
ter: I longed for your return to London, where you are within 


* I have a neat, finished Drawing of “ Thomas Hayward, esq. owner of 
Stonehouse, who died in 1724—Ad vivum designavit W. S. presente illustr. 
Com. Winchilsea, 4 Jul. 1723."" 

+ Rev. Joseph Solley, of Chelsea. He was of Bene’t College, Cam- 
bridge, M. A. 1718; elected F. S, A. 1724, 

reach 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR: STUKELEY. 773 


reach of a correspondence, though I shall be impatient till Ican 
have a personal conversation with you, and therefore shall leave 
the country as‘soon as possible forme; but not quite so soon as 
I would do, for 1 must pick up a few rents, to maintain me in 
my winter quarters in town. Your Letter is full of obliging ex- 
pressions ; but believe me, Sir, if 1 was any way agreeable to 
you, I'am sure, 1 reaped a great deal of pleasure, and profit too, 
by your conversations and instructions. t 

«1am extremely obliged to you, and my very valuable frien 
Dr. Hales, for remembering me at your College ; as I am to Mr. 
Gale, whose health, with yours, is drunk every day by me and 
Mr. Creyk*, a very worthy Clergyman, who is with me. I wish 
J could have gone with you through all your progress from Car- 
vilium ; but T shall soon see some of the fraits of your travels ; 
and shall be very thankful for your design of the Dorchester Am- 
phitheatre.— Though 1 have not been so well employed as you 
since we parted, I have not been idle; and, though I may trouble 
you with too long an epistle, 1 must give my dear Chindonax 
some account of what 1 have seen, and what I have got. r. 

“In my way from London to this place, I drove into a field 
near Newington (at this dav called Crock Field), famous for the 
vast number of urns and other earthen ware formerly dug out 
of it, as we learn from Dr. Merie Casaubon, and after him from 
Mr. Burton in his Itinerary, I found there two or three bits of 
urns, and of Roman tiles, which’ have been turned up by the 
plough : but, since 1 was there, nine men have dug for me three 
days, without success; though I hear, something, I know not 
what, was found’ the Jast day, which is kept for me. 

“ To make ‘amends for my ill success here, 1 have had some 
things brought me which were found in East’ Kent; viz, two 
pateras of the fine red earth; ‘two dishes, something like large 
coffee-cups (but wider at the mouth); and in the bottom of one 
_ of them this inscription, cavett mM, for caleti: manibus ; these 
too are of the fine red earth. | These were found some years since 
by the Whitstable men, dredging for oysters, near Reeulver. I 
have too'a piece'of a broken vessel found at Richborough. And 
he brought me several other pieces of Antiquity, which were 
some years ago dug out of a barrow in East Kent, and there 
seem to be some of them Roman, and others Saxon; and such 
the late Dr. Batteley told me he had seen dug out of one barrow 
in that County. © Mine are as follow :—A large fibula of copper, 
bat wrought: ‘and two strings of beads; one of amber, with 
some of blue glass among them; the other of glass gilt, most 
round, but some of them long. —I take these to bé Roman. — 
J have a piece of a skull found there. 

« Those which | think may bé Saxon are, the head of an axe, 
sharp before, and very thick behind; it is iron, and weighs one 

* John Creyk, of St. John’s College, Cambridge ; B A. 1711; M. A. 
1722; elected F.S. A. 1723-4 —Another John Creyk, of St. John’s also; 
B A. 1734; M.A 1748 (probably son of the former); obtained the Vicar- 
age of Eastwell tn 1742 ; and died in 1745. 

‘ pound 


774 ’ ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ~ 


pound and half and a quarter of an ounce :—and there is a little 
round fibula of copper gilt, on which a head (Saxon, I think) 
is carved (not engraved, orcast)—There was a sword and hel- 
met, and many other things, found there; some of which I 
think | shall procure, besides those above mentioned, which I 
have already. — Besides these, I have found something worth 
your knowledge at home, in-my park. I do not know! whe- 
ther you remember your way from Eastwell to Beamstone gate 
(in your road to Charing). On the right hand of Beamstone 
Jawn, the top of the hill is covered with woods, from whence 
the hill slopes gently down to the plain; but towards: the 
‘bottam the slope is steep, and a sort of bank rans a great 
along the plain from N.W. by W. to S.E. by E.; and 
faces S. by W. at 10 degrees, or thereabouts, omni 
the variation of the compass). Conies have burrowed in this 
bank; and at the further end of it, almost over against Beamstone 
house, my keeper found two or three pieces of urns, by the 
mouth of a coney-hole newly turned out by a rabbit he 
them to me, and I needed no better motive for digging, 
the same time to destroy the rabbits which spoil my park. “Ae- 
cordingly, 1 dug through two burrows ; and in my working I 
found a great many pieces of urns, which had been of diverse 
shapes, and of different-colouredearth, as white, black, brown,red, 
and two very small bits of the fine polished red earth, I believe 
pieces of pateras. I found no whole vessels; but human bones, 
and bones of beasts, and some pieces of deers’ horns, and horses” 
teeth (as I found formerly in Julabury's grave). | must observe, 
that the bones and pieces of urns are very rotten, and crumble 
with handling, which may be the reason we found nothing entire; 
the rest may be dissolved and incorporated with the earth about 
them. I found a large bead, of baked earth, perforated fromend 
to end. We found a great deal of wood, coal, wr ye 
of iron ; some which | believe are pieces of armour ; one 
“which I think was an iron mace, used in battle. [tis only the bead, 
with a bit of its handle. I will send you a drawing of it another 
time. —I believe you are satisfied this was a burial-place, and, I 
think, Roman, by its situation, &c. I think I can trace an an- 
tient road along that side of the hill, and which goes t! 
my park by my house, through Wye and Crundale, and s0 on to 
Canterbury, and the other way to Charing, and perhaps to Du- 
rolenum, which place I shall look after next week. But I must 
tell you, this place where I have dug is very near the distance 
between Canterbury and Durolenum in the Itinerary: but+the 
distance would be great from thence to Maidstone and Rochester ; 
and every way we shall find great difficulties in that respect ; for 
Lenham, which some would have to be the place, is 16 or 18 
miles from Canterbury, and Durolenum should be but 12 miles 
from thence; and if we place it where you suppose it should be, 
it will be yet too far from Canterbury, and a great deal too far 
from Rochester. But I will use all the diligence and care Lean 
in making some discovery, and shall make designs ; as I will do 
of 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR. STUKELEY. 775 


of this place in my park, where I shall have more digging.—It is 
time to release you.—Pardon blots, repetition, and nonsense; but 
I have not time to write over my Letter again by this post. 
‘1am, Sir, your most faithful humble servant, CynceTorix.” 
«Dear Cuinponax, Eastwell, Oct. 12, 1723. 
‘* Though I have reason to believe you had too much of my last 
long Letter, I must write again, to give you an account of my 
proceedings upon Wednesday last; when I went withmyfriend Mr. 
Creyk in search of Durolanum ; some progress 1 have made, but 
am not yet at the end of my task (which will be pretty difficult), 
though I was out many hours, in my chaise, and upon brown 
Joan.. I sent my keeper some days before to Hazlewood-street, as 
you directed, but no shoemaker or cobler lives there ; wherefore 
Dobson went to Egerton, another town, where he was told there 
lived an old cobler, and there he found one, who, I believe, is 
your man: for he said a Physician called there last October, and 
talked with him about Antiquities, and went over the way (for 
you was, he says, at a public-house) to see a grandehild of his 
who was sick: you will remember whether this is so. He be- 
lieves you ave something more than mortal; for, that you not 
only cured the child, but foretold that he would live, and make 
a bright man, if he would give him learning (which he will 
certainly do). He says, that, as you foretold, the child's parts 
are already wonderfully improved, and that he is the cutest boy 
he ever saw.of his age.— This person (John Pemble by name, 
and by profession a Cobler, and an Anabaptist Teacher), this 
Rabbi, who by appointment met us at Charing, upon examina- 
tion, knows of no place where he has heard of any Antiquities, 
except at Royton Chapel, at about a mile and a half from Len- 
ham on the left hand, and bya river, This description seemed 
right enough, if the distance is so. f 
‘* We went from Charing town to the Heath, avout a mile, 
where we thought we saw your Roman Road, but which leads 
to the left hand, We went that way for a while ; but, seeing no 
continuance of the Road. (if it was Roman), we turned. back, 
and went into our former road upon the Heath, and; at a mile 
and half beyond Charing, we came upon a road a little raised, 
which we fancy is the Roman Road—if the other is not, which I 
should rather take for it. We kept on for above half a mile far- 
ther on the Heath, and a little way in a lane, where we turned 
on our left hand, and went en for about half a mile, when we 
came to Royton Chapel, We rode up a high bank on the Jeft 
hand of the road ; and among trees stands the little ruin of the 
Chapel, which I measured, and drew a design of (with some 
others, which Iwill send you as soon as drawn fair). | must 
here observe, that Mr. Creyk, with better eyes than mine, per- 
ceived two, paving-tiles between the stones of the wall in different 
places, . We pulled them out of the mortar with some difficulty ; 
for the miortar is as hard as the stone. They are singular, and 
perhaps Roman... After I had drawn this ruin, | made another 
drawing of it in a less scale, with a prospect of the country. 
“We 


776 _. ALLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURES ~~ 


> ** We descended into the road again, and: on our 
over against the ruin, stands an old house called 
i gona Derg ogg ane. rn ee A 

it could not it into my pros) country, | 
it stands below the k bank, which partly hides it, and 
the ruin hide the rest of it: but I drew it by itself, 
I have added a very little of the country beyond it ; 
-more material, the little river, which has its rise about a 
little more, from hence on this side Lenham, and it runs behind 
the back front of Mrs. Crips’s house, within about 30 yards from 
it. From hence it runs to the South-west a little by the South 
(no regard to the variation of the compass); but after that 
course for some way it turns toward the South-east, and goes by 


cE 


t 


i 


if 


i 


i 
HI 


5. 


river near Mrs. Crips's house is not above three or four feet wide. 

«You will not find, 1 doubt, that 1 have discovered much, 
The ruin, though litte remains, for it is not above (I mean the 
wall) 16 feet long, and ten feet and a half high, the wall a yard 
thick—a little bit of a cross wall remains—this ruin, I say, 
seems to be very antient (whether a Chapel or not); but the 
tiles sticking among the stones of the building must have been 
taken from some antienter ruins, with which: materials: this 
probably was built.—I will send you a Drawing (with the others) 
of these Tiles, of their proper size, with the work upon them ; 
but must give you a little description of them here, and you 
may, perhaps, judge whether they are Roman:—1 have designed 
the tiles square, though they are not, exactly so, as you will 
see by the measures set down, They are about eight-tenths of 
an inch thick. They are glazed, the ground of the work upon 
them is of a deepish yellow, and the figure is of a very pale yel- 
low. It is all fat work. The tiles were burnt very hard, even 
almost as any stone; and where one of them has a piece broken 
off, I see they are of a black earth, as several pieces of the urns 
which I found in my park. Pray have you met, among any Ro- 
man Antiquities, tiles of this sort ? 

« This is all | have been able to do at this place: whether 
this can be the place we hunt after, or another (which I intend 
to go to next week) I cannot tell. But J have tried an experi- 
ment, which perhaps may bring me right (if I am not so al- 
ready) : for, seeing the distances in the Itinerary to be 16 miles 
from Rochester to Durolevi, and from thence 12 miles to Gan- 
terbury, I opened two pair of-compasses, one to 16, the otherto 
12 miles, by the scale in Mr. Philpot’s Map in ‘ Villare Cantium,’ 
and set a point of one at Rochester, and a point of the other at 
Canterbury ; I found the other points (upon that Map) meet at 
a stream which runs into the river that comes from near Len- 
ham, and, running by Royton Chapel, goes to Ashford; and 
this point is in the Ashford road, within three-tenths of a mile 

from 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR. STUKELEY. 777. 


from that river.’ It is one mile and two tenths from Charing, 
on the left hand of the way as soon as we come upon Charing- 
heath. It is about two miles from Royton Chapel, about a mile 
from Cale-hill, and very little above a mile from Egerton. — If 
this is the place (to which the distances between it, and Roches- 
ter, and Canterbury, agree) we should have turned on our left 
as soon as we came upon the Heath, where there runs a 
which may be the Roman road you told me of. We did goa litle 
way there, as I told you: but, when I go again, I will pursue it 
till I come to the point ; and you shall soon have an account of 
my proceedings, with drawings, if I find any thing worth pre- 
serving.—The measures I took in the Map are the distances in 
strait lines; and allowance should be made for the Roman miles 
being shorter than ours; but Iam convinced the Itinerary wants 
correcting; for there are certainly a great many mistakes in the 
figures. — 1 would have sent you the Drawings by our carrier 
the beginning of next week, if I had not been prevented by 
a severe fit of the stone, which much tormented me _yester- 
day. I am easier, yet not able to copy my Drawings fair for you, 
but you shall soon have them.— Pray let me hear from you as 
soon as possible, if but three lines, to let me know if you can 
make any thing of this lame account, and if you can guess whe- 
ther either of the two places mentioned is likely to be that we 
look for. — Mr. Creyk, a learned gentleman, and lover of Anti- 
quities, presents his service to you. I am, dear Brother, 
© Your humble servant, Cyncerorix:’ 
« Eastwell, Oct. 14, 1723. 
« This is to return you, dear Chindonax, abundance of thanks 
for your present of the Dorchester Amphitheatre, though it is not 
yet come to my hands; for Mr. Bedford has by the post informed 
me that an accident made him miss sending it by the carrier Jast 
week, and therefore I cannot receive it till next Saturday; but 
you, supposing I had it already, might have thought me very 
wanting in not taking notice of it till next week, and that brings 
you this trouble. [ impatiently yong to see it, for I am sure you 
must have designed it very perfectly. My next, I believe, will 
bring you an account of my farther proceedings near Charing ; 
for, the first fair weather, I shall’go upon that which I 
hinted to you in my last; no pains or diligence shall be spared; 
and, if I do not succeed, it must proceed either from not finding 
sufficient marks of the place I look for, or from my want of ca- 
pacity ; but I will do my best. It is late; and I am, Sir, 
_ ‘© Your most humble servant, 
« Wincuitsea, as an Englishman ; 
« And as a Briton, Cyncrrortx.” ' 
«* Eastwell, Oct. 21, 1723. 
‘I shall trouble you, dear Sir, with but a very few lines by 
this post ; and should not have written till the next, but that I 
eannot defer one moment the paying my thanks for your most 
? agreeable 


778 - ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


agreeable present, whieh I did not receive till last Saturday. You 
have mbites fine design of the Amphitheatre; and/it is very 
well engraven ; but your Niobou course upon it is admirable. There 
is very 6 ie learning, and much ingenuity; your thoughts fine,’ 
arid extremely well expressed.—Though T expected no less from: 
you, I know not any other man -who could have performed this! 
undertaking’ half so well, Mr. Creyk (who eet pn = 
sent you with his humble service) is in great admiration of it. 
This ‘increases my Jongings to see Stonehenge and Abury set'in® 
their true lights ; I hope you are upon that Work, | 
* To-morrow morning I go again in quest of Durolenum? 
and by the next post you may expect to be informed of the utmost 
I can do in this matter; no pains shall be spared. I shall make 
use of your directions for finding’ the place; and, if T should’ be! 
so happy as to succeed, * O brave Cyngetoraz’ shall be engraved: 
upon my tomb-stone. Farewell, dear Chindonax.’ I hope to see 
you in town within a fortnight ; and am, &. Wincairs#al”” 
© Dear Druin, ; Oct. 26; 1723.” 
“J promised you in my last an aceount of my farther proceed- 
ings, dnd did hint to you the difficulties I apprehended in my at- 
tempt to find out Durolenum ; and 1 have indeed found them too 
great for me. No pains have'been spared by me and my friend Mr 
Creyk: But, alas! all our endeavours have been with so little ste~ 
cess, that, instead of the inscription on my tomb-stone mentionedin 
my last, I doubt you will think I deserve to be deprived of my spurs. 
« Last Monday we went again upon our quest in’ my chaise, 
where that could go; and where not, upon our horses; and 
where they could not be got into the inclosures, we did not 
our feet. We had for our guide an old gentleman of Charing 
who knows every road, every town and village, and every inch 
of ground, for some miles round about him. B ie? 
“ When we were about half a mile or less beyond Charing, 
we turned out of our road on the left hand, and went to Cale- 
hill Heath; and near the Warren-house we were shewn a 
where, some years ago, digging in a sandy ground to set up a 
jossing-block for upping stock, a man found a very large family 
urn, above two feet high, in which, besides bones, there were 
several sacrificing-dishes (as they called them). They were given 
to one Mr. Gardner*, Minister of Charing ; but he is dead, and 
they are gone. May not the town we look for have been: near 
this place? but I could not find any other signs of it, From 
this place we went to Hunger Hatch ; from whence, at about « 
quarter ofa mile, we came down to the river, the same which from 
near Lenbam runs by Royton Chapel; and from hence to Little 
Chart ; and so to Ashford; but here the river is become six or 
eight fect wide. It rans from North-west by North to South-east 
by South (no regard had to the variation of the compass). 
“« At this place, where we passed over'the river, we saw Eger- 
ton Church at about a mile and a half from us to the ‘North- 


* Daniel Gardner, M.A Rector of Charing 1681 ; died in 1698. 
west ; 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR: STUKELEY. 779 


west ; and on our left hand Little Chart Church was a little more 
thana quarter of a mile from us to the South-east by East. 

‘< At the place where we, were to i. the river before we 
went over it, we saw on our right hand a great bank (not 
belonging to the river as we apprehended) run a little wa’ 
parallel to it, and we took it for a piece of the Roman i 
When we were got over the river into the field, and turning 
about with our faces to it, we saw more of that Roman road be- 
ginning opposite to the place where that on the other side ended. 
It goes up by the river to the North-west by North to a wood, 
where we lost it. It was here in length 240 of Ben's 
And standing over against the passage of the river, with our 
faces still to it, we found the river keep its course the same as 
before a little way, till near a farm-house it makes an elbow, and 
goes by Little Chart. We rode some way by that course, and found 
more of that Roman road, 74 paces long, in a line with the other, 
but not near the river, nor has it any ditches by it, which makes 
me the rather guess that these are several pieces of the Roman 
road. — After having viewed this, we went back to our 5 
but without going over, we went up by the river and icc bd 
the wood, where we lost our bank (or Roman road), but we went 
on by the river, which runs along by the side of the wood, and 
when we were passed that, we crossed the river again, and at 
about half a mile, in the middle of a yery broad highway, we 
found more of a Roman road ; it bears North-east by East. 

“ Frou this road, by a place called Park-house (belonging to 
Mr. Darell of Cale-hill), we went to Charing-heath, in our 
way picked out, as we thought, several pieces of the Roman 
road, and upon the heath we saw that bank which I think I 
mentioned in my last Letter, where I said, that as soon as we 
came from Charing upon that heath we saw a great bank on our 
left hand, which I took for part of a Roman road, _ I now took 
its bearing, and it runs from North-north-east to South-south- 
west,—We rode toa place upon the heath, where we saw a water- 
course (now dry). It cuts the Roman road, We followed it to 
see where it runs (when full) into the river. We crossed several 
fields on foot, and found that it joins the river at about a furlo: 
from the place where we first passed the river; but we met with 
nothing that inclined us to believe Durolenum could be here; 
and yet I am of opinion that it was somewhere within the com- 
pass of the ground we had traced that day. This is all I can 
say, or have been able to perform, which I doubt you will think, 
as well as myself, is nothing to the purpose; and what I have 
written is, I fear, hardly intelligible for want of the Drawings, 
which I will shew you when Iam intown, Oh, thatI could either 
write or draw like Dr. Stukeley ! 

“T have since been at Canterbury, where I picked up some 
pieces of Antiquity, And I have been at Julaber's grave, which 
{ have formerly measured only by my paces, but have now taken 
it with my measuring-chain, and have all its dimensions very 

. right: 


780 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ‘ 


j and T took Fre padepeet oF tak calaaieyr and from 

top of IEF Hive traits eatin are si Can 
house, the Castle, and” ‘the 7 » which you shall see when 
meet.’ “I'believe this isthe last’ Letter I Shall trouble 


frém Behée at this season, ‘but may receive_one from yo 
“« Excuse blots —Mr. Creyk’s humble § Service attends you; 


Tam, Sir, your humble servant, * Cyncerok igs y 
or (ifl have lost that title for insufficteriey) ‘Wincurtsea.” v7 
an BBs) "Marlborough, Oct. 31, 1728. 


“ After so long 2 silence, I not Roly am, but ought to. * 
ashamed ; and, bad J not experienced See good-nature, I 
have gone still farther, and not dared to have set pen to, ¥ 
for fear of my merits, even no pardon, hold ;, I wo : 
haye you imagine from, hence that | hae any thiug I can 
or say, deserves more,than thanks, for the escaping the trouble 
of either reading, or even rearing, what I am, able any, way to 
express ; but, stuff such as it is, it, and use it.as it 

“] please myself not a little with the progress you, ars 


and hope to have an account of it from you when we at 
London, which I, with great satisfaction, promise, myself may 
be in company with my Lord Winchilsea and Roger an old 


acquaintance that I shall have the utmost pleasure in 
You tell me, you saw the inscription of the Temple of. ptune 
at Chichester ; you would oblige me if you would send me a 
copy of it; for that I had from Lord Winchilsea s, very imper- 
fect, some words bei entirely wanting. As, to, the tes 
theatre at Dorchester, J am sure you weap plese with, 

«My Lord Winchilsea went with me to Cadbury ; I s! 
thing of what we saw; his Lordship, I doubt not, Be 
i a better account than Lam capable of. Jam sure you “i 
let_next summer pass without, seeing Ayebury; and as 
contrive to be in this country, if possible, at the same oa 
information that 1 can. get, shall be wanting to make Wiltshire 
agreeable to you. ITenvy much the time you spent with , 
lius Magnus, 1 yemember so well the pleasure I had there, 
years ago, that I am sure the innumerable additions since 
must be inexpressible, as would be my pleasure again to 

“« J will mis-spend no more of your time, but assure yoa that 
am, your obedient humble servant, . Seconax [Hanrvogp],”. 


«Sm, Dec. 23, 1723. 
** Since what you told me of the late discovery of Hippocrates 
upon some of the Medals of Smyrna, I have examined mine, 
and on the other leaf of this sheet * have written a Catalogue of 
such as I think have that figure, with the names of persons—that, 
if Dr. Mead designs to take notice of those sort of Medals, and 
finds among these any names of persons that he has not yet met 


* His Lordship has there given a description of six Smyrnean Medals 
in his possession, which have the figure of Hippocrates. 
with, 


LORD WINCHILSEA TO DR, STUKELEY. 781 


with, he may have the perusal of them, and have them engraved 
if he thinks fit.—1 hope it will not be long before youand [meet 
again. I will endeavour to call upon you in a few days.—l,am, 
Sir, your very affectionate humble servant, Wincuitsea.” 
** Dear Druip, ‘ Jan. 1, 1723+4., 
«1 shall begin with wishing you a happy new year, and ten 
thousand more ; and now I am to tell you, that next Monday 
morning, at about ten o'clock, Lord Hartford and [ intend to 
beat up your quarters (if it will not be unseasonable to you), 
having something to discourse with you. He sends you his ser- 
vice; and I am your most humble servant, WINcHILSEA.” 
*© Sir, : Monday night [1723]. 
“1 did not intend to have wrote to you, thinking every mo- 
ment of your time mis-spent in reading any thing [ either shall 
or can write; therefore will only say that I am not a little 
obliged to you for the very few days you were with me, who 
have had too much pleasure in your conversation not to wish it 
had been longer. Page next winter to enjoy more of your 
company, and to be esteemed by you as I really am, your very 


humble servant, Harrrorp.” 
“© Mosr VENERABLE Davin, Eastwell, 
AND MY DEAR Doctor, Oct. 26, 1724, 


“Though I hope to see you very soon (but not till next 
week) I will not defer my thanks for your very obliging and 
most entertaining Letter, and for the favour of your company 
here. What could be kinder, than to come out of your way, 
and let me enjoy your company for a week, in a house till then 
very solitary, where we had nothing to divert and entertain you 
so well as I would have done, and yet I should have been glad 
to have lengthened your mortification, if I could but have ad- 
journed St. Luke's day * for one fortnight.—I am glad your wea- 
ther was so favourable for your journey ; we have had wet enough 
since. I long to discourse with you upon the fine things you 
saw; you have deseribed them enough to make me long to hear 
more of them.—Our Society friends will, I doubt, be disappoint- 
ed, by finding my acquisitions not come up to the ideas you have 
raised of them. — You was not displeased, I believe, when you 
saw your Sister (the Cleft Doctor) at Elham. I am glad my old 
friend Dr. Wagstaff is not dead, as was reported. I question not 
but Dr. Hales made you a fine speech, with his belli homines, whe~ 
ther you was meant or no.—TI shall be impatient to, see Dr. 
Mead’s Dissertation ;. but | must wait, with patience for the sight 
of that and other things. Oh, why did not 1 take my degree in 
your Faculty, instead of the Civil Law? but I was not fated to 
be great.—I am glad you saw our dear President}, and that he has 
a reasonable prospect of improving the discovery in his: neigh- 
bourhood to something very considerable. — Last Wednesday my 
fac-totum, after a ramble of four days on foot in all our bad wea- 


* The grand Anniversary of the College of Physiciaus 


+ Lord Hartford; ‘see p. 770. 
ther, 


782 “TLLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE! 


ther, came hither, and brought with him'a very large urn, 
“perfect, of a dark colour, with a patera of the fine red earthy 
Which stood as a cover upon the mouth of the great urn. ‘These 
are fine things ; and with them, I think, I have finished my har- 
vest, and have had a good one this summer; and it is time to fi- 
nish my Letter. All health and happiness attend you. Mr. Creyk 
returns his love and service to his dear Brother —I am, dear Sir,’ 
i very affectionate humble servant,  — Cyncerortx.” 
«Dean Davip, ' Feb, 17, 1794-5. 
~ © If you conveniently can, I wish you would meet me at 
Hartford's to-day, where you are always Welcome, and after’ 
dinner we shall go all together to the Mitre: but, if this does not 
well suit with you, I will come to you about 12 o'clock," 
something to say to you from Lord Brooke ; nothing pene | 
the engine ; but, if you have got an opinion upon the Paper I 
with you, I desire you will bring it with you to Lord Hartford's 
if you can come there, because I would send it to Lord Brooke 
by to-morrow’s post, and at the same time an account of some- 
thing else which J am to discourse with you upon. Wixcuirsea.” 
*©My pear Docror, Eastwell, Oct. 18, 1725. — 
« Four months absence, and leave a friend in doubt all that 
time whether you was dead or alive! was that right? You mat 
excuse yourself by telling me that your time was wholly taken u 
in search of Antiquities, and in making such discoveries as ¥ 
not only be a public benefit to all lovers of Antiquity atid His- 
tory, &e. and a particular pleasure to me (I am sure nobody 
more). ‘I confess, when I consider how fully you must have beeir 
employed, in travelling, viewing, examining, drawing, and 
writing, it was not reasonable to expect Letters ;—but why not 
a few lines to acquaint me of your health and return? Till Lord 


Hartford informed me of his seeing you at the Mitre, and a 


Newspaper of the same post telling you are chosen a Censor of 
your College (which 1 congratulate) I knew not what was 
become of you. J am glad you are returned, and well. — Mr, 
Creyk is your humble servant, and congratulates your safe return. 
“Tam, dear Sir, your most humble servant, WincHiILsEa.” 
«My coop Doctor, Knowsley, Dec. 12, 1725. ° 

“ T never designed to buy any more of the things you men- 
tion ; being satisfied, God be thanked, with what I have, not 
only in such things, but in every thing else. All that 1 wish for 
is, that we may in safety enjoy what we have, which at present 
we are in no danger of losing. I have given orders to Mr. Ed- 
ward Stanley, of Hare-court, Temple, to pay you for the figure 
whenever you send it to hin: ; and he will take care to convey it 
hither. If I had not your word for the goodness of it, 1 would 
not meddle with it ; but, since I have that, I shall seek no further 
satisfaction. I am glad you are approaching nearer to us; but 


*. The famous old Tavern in Fleet-street, where the Suciety of Antiqua- 
ries originally met; and where the Royal and Antiquarian Societies long 
beld their convivial associations. 

cannot 


EARLS OF DERBY AND PEMBROKE. 779 


cannot help wishing you had been still nearer. I make my life 
as easy as I can to myself and all my neighbours, and so.am re- 
solyed (to manage wisely the last stake) at Jeast as far as. my 
poor, understanding will, give me leave. Iam glad to.find you 
ugree with me that a country life is the most innocent, as well 
as the most satisfactory, especially for one that has seen so much 
of the bustling part of the world. I have. no. list of what, you 
desire ; but, as soon as I haye one, you shall have it. I 
in my Letter to Mr. Gale (to whom pray give my. hearty service) 
to mention Cumberlapd, for we can see Black Coume, which is 
in that county, I find (and am glad) you design to oblige.the 
world further with your pleasing and useful Jabours ; and) you 
can none more than your very hearty friend, Densy *.”. 
att “EER ; Dee 15, 1725. 
«<1 have orders from Lord Derby to pay you 2.100, for a Fis 
gure in Brass of a Venus and Cupid; and will, for that purpose, 
wait on you this afternoon about five; andam, Epw, Staniey.” 
« Sir, ©) Dee. «441785. 
“1 have, since I received your Letter, had an opportunity to 
give a good character, as I know you deserve, and not only for 
your learning, to the Duke of Rutland; and, though I find that 
my Lord Howe + and family are used to one much nearer them, 
yet I gave the same character of you to him. I have, since you 
were at Wilton, where you will always be welcome, had come 
over the last eight load of Antiquities. Dr. Mead did not know 
where to place the two large Statues he had, and therefore has 
sold them to me, I have also the fine,carved Marble Urn which 
you drew when he had it. I was glad to hear, by Mr, Gordon, 
that you were so well settled; who am your humble servant, | 
: Pemsroxe .” 
« Sir, Wilton, Oct. 13, 1726, 
_ 1 must first tell you, fromthe Ladies, that they are much 
leased with their Letters, and I thank you for mine, and shall 
be glad to see your Book ; pray bid my porter send it to me with 
the four I have marked with a cross in the inclosed Print. I 
desire that you will buy them; and if any are not bound, only 
have them stitched, that I may the sooner have yours. 1 hope 
Mr. Gale (with my service to him) is perfectly well again, And 
my service to Mr. Anstis, and tell him that I shall be glad to see 
him well at London, though without the Medal, which I desire 
him to keep. When I pay for these books, | must remember 
that I forgot the last digging at Stonehenge. ’ 
«Lam your humble servant, PemBroxe.”. 
“« Dear Dr. SrukeLey, Eastwell, Sept. 30, 1726. 
« This morning, at five minutes before six, 1 performed the 
doleful office of closing the eyes, of my dear Lord Winchilsea, 
who died of the iliac passion, of which he had been ill since Sa- 
¥* James Stanley, tenth Earl of Derby ; see vol. I. p. 298. 
+ Emanuel Serope, Lord Viscount Howe ; of whom see before, p. 30. 
t Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery ; see before, p. 22 i” 
turday 


784 ALLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


turday last. I shall leave this dismal place after I have per= 
formed my last duty of burying his Lordship ; and beg you will 
let me hear from you in town. —I know not whether you know 
my direction ; at Mr. Doughty's, in King-street, St. Anne's, West- 
minster.—I am, dear Sir, your most humble servant, J. CreyK.” 
« Wortny Sir, Feb, 2, 1726-7. 
« T was really at a loss to know what was become of you, till I 
received the account you were pleased to give me of it. Since you 
resolved to leave the town, and retire altogether into the country, 
Tam glad you have fixed on so pleasant a place, capone ES | 
that you are now in; and where I hope you will meet 
the content you proposed to yourself in it. My niece Payn, and 
her family, will have a sensible benefit by it ; for indeed so I ac- 
count it, in our present state of life, to have a Friend and Phy- 
sician within call, upon occasion, upon whom one may entirely de-_ 
pend, Though I have no-fear that this removal will abate your 
love of Antiquities, yet I doubt it will hinder your usual search 
after them; and that we must be content with your account 
already published of your Travels in England, without expect- 
ing any new increase of the like curious remarks. 1 believe [ 
once acquainted you that 1 had been endeavouring to gather a 
perfect Collection of our English Money, of all metals, from the 
Conqueror to the present times, 1 am almost perfect from Ki 
Henry VII, (inclusive) ; but want several of the more an 
Reigns. If it should lie in your way to meet with any of them, 
and you would be so kind as to think of me, I would most thank- 
fully receive them at any reasonable rate you could get them for 
me. I have some of William the Conqueror, Henry II, Edward 
1, 1]. and IIL. Henry IV, Henry V. Henry VI. and Edward IV. 
None of any others before Henry VII.— You will have the good- 
ness to excuse this liberty, and impute it to the desire 1 have to 
finish a Collection intended for the use of the publick, when [ 
myself must have done with it.—-I am, with all respect, 
Sir, your faithful and assured friend and servant, W. Canr.** 
« Sir, April W, 1727." 
“7 am obliged to you for your agreeable Letter; and the con- 
cern you express for the loss of Lord Winchilsea cannot but be 
pleasing to me; for I should have been very sorry that you, for 
whom he had a just value, should not have grieved with the rest 
of his friends ; and I think I may call the whole world s0, for 
sure he had no enemy, nor was he one to any body. By his will 
he left me his Imperial Medals, and his Sark Antiquities ;—what 
he wrote upon them is in the possession of Mr. Creyk ; — whe- 
ther he will publish them or not I do not know ;—he has the 
disposal of every thing ;—he has promised me the refusal of the 
Athenian Medals, and some of the Books. I have seen Baron 
Clerk several times; he seems very sorry that he missed of you 
as he passed through Grantham. I will send you the Prints of 


* Dr. William Wake, Archbishop of Canterbury from 1715 to 1737. 
the 


E. OF OXFORD AND ABP, WAKE TO DR. STUKELEY. 785 


the Sark Antiquities, and, if I can, that of my Cup: It is en= 
gtaving, but not yet finished, though I expect it every day. 
“Since I wrote my Letter, the print of my Cup is come home, 
so that I will send it to you by the first opportunity, being glad 
to have any thing in my power by which I can oblige Doctor 
Stukeley, to whom I am avery humble servant, Harrroxp.”’ 
« Sir, Dover-street, Nov. 30, 1728., 
“The Bookseller you employ, Arthur Bettesworth, sent to 
me the other day, to know if I had any thing to.send down to 
you; which 1 was very glad of, for I had forgot the name you 
mentioned to me at Grantham. I have sent him. your 
of Roads, for the use of which I return you many thanhs. 
I have likewise sent you two sets of the Prints of my Lamp. 
I think it is a curious piece of Antiquity. I have it at Wimpole. 
Two Prints of Mr, Prior ; they are not, to be sold ; the Plate is 
mine: two Prints of Sir Hugh Middleton: two Prints of Mr. 
Bagford. The Bishop of Chester (Dr. Gastrell) is graving for 
me by Mr. Vertue, which I shall send you when finished, ; 
“ The Prints, though trifles, I hope you will accept from me, 
though but a small mark of the esteem I have for you...) 
‘* Did Mr. Wanley ever shew you some curious Egyptian An- 
tiquities I have? If you have not seen them, 1 wish you,did. 
When I had the pleasure of your company at Grantham, you 
mentioned in discourse somewhat relating to the number of 
Crosses set up in memory of Queen Eleanor, and mentioned 
where an account was wrote of them, and the places ; there is a 
dispute about them, what number, and the places.. I do, not 
remember any account of them but in old Weever. , I shall be 
glad to know from you at your leisure your thoughts upon this. 
“Tam, Sir, your most humble servant, , Oxrorp *.” 
“« Goon Sir, Nov. 4; 1729. 
“T am sorry you came at so unlucky a time to the Bp. of Lin- 
coln ; but, as his stay at Lincoln will be very short, so I hope a 
few days will put a full end to your trouble, and fix you in the 
legal possession of your Church at Stamford, I am much pleased 
that your lot is fallen in a place so desirable to you, and where 
you will have the opportunity of doing much, in quality of Phy- 
sician, both to the bodies and souls, not only of your parishioners, 
but of your friends and acquaintance round about you. I hope 
God will long continue your life and health to enjoy your new 
settlement. It is all 1 can now do at the end of life; and, as I 
am very sincere and hearty in it, I hope you will accept of it 
as a true token of the esteem and friendship with which 1 am, 
good Sir, your very affectionate brother and servant, W. Cana.” 
“Goon Str, Feb. 19, 1729-80. 
“I am glad to hear you are already settled in your parish at 
Stamford. The place itself is so fine, and its situation so conve~ 


* Edward Harley, Earl of Oxford, D.C. L. &c. the munificent Foun- 
der of the Harleian Library. He died in Juue 1741. 
VOL, I. SE nient 


786 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


nient for you, that I you will find as much er rtehes 
self, ab I persuade you will do service to the Church Of God 
in it —What observations you make in Rorng beg hes oer 
T hope you will take care to preserve, for the t of the world, 
as well as for your own use: but, as some of the instances you 
mentidn have exercised the pens of some of the most learned 
men, I should advise you, meres come to a final any 
‘upon them (at least before publish your thoughts upon them 
ob Soukuuanenes your neeentioas to some of your friends, who 
are both capable of examining them, and will be so faithful to 
ee eae with you concerning them. This will 

h secure you from any great mistakes, and render your re- 
marks most useful and valuable when they come abroad into the 
world. J am, with great truth, good Sir, 

« Your very loving friend, W. Canr.” 
« Sir, Feb. 18, 1732-3. 

«There was, a year or so , in digging or p 4 
found a parcel of uld Coins Prygridin ee oe Reece a 
gentleman, who is a Virtuoso in those matters, having heard of, 
hath desired me to make inquiry after. If, therefore, you know 
of any such, or there are any to be found, I shall give a hand- 
-some reward for the same to the finders ; and if you can direct me 
where to make inquiry, you will oblige, &c. WEstMORELAND *.” 

“ Ditton, Jan. 4, 1744-5. | 

« T give you a great many thanks, dear Doctor, for your Let- 
ter, and shall be very glad of a continuation of your thoughts 
concerning the weddings on the mount; for | am really in earnest 
about it, and have thoughts of doing something of that kind. I 
was in hopes yon would have been in town before now, and then — 
I might have had the pleasure of seeing you here during these 
holidays, with your facetious friend Swiney, who is here, and 
desirous to be remembered to you. 

“This has been a very mild season; and, though it is in 
the middle of winter, yet the flowery banks are in the great- 
est perfection of. beauty, so that it is not possible to look 
at them without imagining that one sees at the same time 
the Goddess of Youth crowned with garlands of them, You re- 
member her figure is in the cieling of my hall at Boughton, 
which figure some Philosophers imagine was formed there by 
the steams of your toasts daily repeated there, and i 
from the table towards the heavens; which, if they had not 
been stopped by the cieling, would have formed a better or finer 
constellation than that of Andromeda; but, not being able to 
make their way through the roof of the Hall, they 
themselves into the figure of Hebe in the cieling. Monracu +.” 

« Dear Docror, London, Jan, 29, 1744-5. 

“Tam the worst Literary Correspondent in the world, and I 
should almost as soon choose to go to be hanged as to write a 

* Thomas Fane, twelfth Earl of Westmoreland, died in 1736. 

+ Johp, the second Duke of that name. See vol. I. p. 480. 


3 


DUKE OF MONTAGU TO DR. STUKELEY. 787 


Letter; therefore, you must exeuse my not having sooner thanked 
= for your most agreeable one, with the Verses relating to 
be, which, without any flattery to you, are exceedingly pretty, 
and not only thought so by myself, but by every body that has 
seen them.— My Model-maker was in town.a little before I re- 
ceived your Letter, and told me of the error in the Model of 
the Arches of the Temple not being the same breadth, but that 
he would rectify it. I am sure they were right in the plan. — 
“« Before I conclude, I must mention Hebe again: I want to 
know her birth-day ; and I think you could contrive to find that 
out for me: but you must not appear in it yourself, and I beg 
that you will not let any body whatsoever know that I asked 
this of you; and you will very much oblige, &e. Monracu.” 
“ Saturday, 2 o'clock, July 18, 1746, 
“ As your man tells me you are not so bad as to be confined to 
your chamber, I flatter myself that, as the Mountain cannot come 
to Mahomet, it will not be troublesome if Mahomet should go to 
the Mountain; and as | want to get some information from you, 
as well as to have pleasure to see you, Mr. Barton and i propose: 
to dine with you to-morrow, but I beg, entreat, and insist, that 
you will not think of making a feast, but let us have the family 
dinner only, as a Philosopher ought to have ; if you do otherwise, 
I shall seriously take it very ill of you. It is very fine weather 
to-day ; I hope it will be so to-morrow ; and [ will come to you, 
unless it should be an abominable bad day; if it should, we 
will come on Monday. I once more beg, and insist, it may be 
only the family dinner, which will oblige * — Montacu.” 
« Sir, London, Nov, 12, 1747. 
«I must beg pardon for not having writ to you, though I 
. have received two Letters from you; but, if you knew how aho- 
minably I hate writing, you would easily excuse me. As to the 
first Letter, I return you many thanks for the receipt of the Us- 
quebe. And, as to the second, about the Prebendary of Wor- 
cester, it is not in my power to do you any good ; — but what is 
in my power to do for you myself, I will do with the greatest. 
pleasure, if it be agreeable to you—I remember that a few years 
ago you had a mind to have St. John's Chapel, which I could not 
then do, At this time, not only the Prebend of Worcester is va- 
cant by the death of Dr. Green *, but the living ef St. George, 
Queen-square, also, which is in my gift. In the valuation of 
my living, it is called two hundred pounds a year; but I am as- 
sured, by those who should know, that it is considerably more, 
« If it is what you should like, it is very much at your service. 
I have had a good many solicitations for it, but 1 shall wait for 
your answer : and I will tell you one thing in relation to it, 
which I desire you will keep to yourself absolutely, whether I 


* Samuel Green, of Queen’s College, Oxford; M. A. 1711; B. and 
D.D. 1733; Prebendary of Worcester 1731. Dr. Green had also some 
Church Preferment in Hampshire. He died in 1747. 

SEQ am 


788 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


am in the right of what I think or not ; which)is this :—This 
Living of St. George's was taken out of the Living of St. An- 


pC s*"F 
Letters of Dr. STUKELEY and Sir Hans Stoane. 


«© WorTHY AND DEAR SiR, Grantham, Dec. 6, 1726. 

“The real pleasure I always took in the business of my pro- 
fession was one cause of my quitting London, because I could 
not meet with it there in such manner and measure, and upon 
such terms, as were agreeable to my humour. The passionate 
love I ever had for the country, where true happiness only is 
to be met with, and the very agreeable situation I am now in, 
engages me absolutely to abandon any thoughts of returning thi- 
ther; therefore I have been casting about in my mind to lay a 
scheme for such sort of business as may best reward me, and en- 
courage my pains in being useful to the world in practice. I 
have at present a prospect of being chiefly concerned in the best 
families. The Duke of Rutland is not yet engaged to any Phy- 
sician; and I beg of you, as I perceive you now and then write 
to him, to take an opportunity to put in a word for me, which 
1 apprehend will no way interfere with your correspondence. My 
brother is at present his Apothecary. 

«« At the Duke's seat lately, in an old stable which was the 
Chapel of the Monastery, they dug up a considerable piece of 
antiquity, the Coffin of the Founder of the Family, the Castle, 
and the Monastery; and I wish you would desire of the Duke to 
have it preserved some way or other, for it is wholly exposed. 
The inscription on the top is this: ‘ ROBERT DE TODENEI LE 
FunDEUR.’ His bones lie in the stone trough underneath *. 


¥ See Itin. Car. vol. I. p. 49.—The Coffin was afterwards engraved in the 

“ History of Leicestershire,” vol. II. p. 23, with several other curious 

fragments, in consequence of a visit which I paid to those remains, with 
my late truly excellent Friends Mr. Gough and Mr. Schnebbelie. i 

ie 


DR. STUKELEY AND STR HANS SLOANE. 789 


He'was one of William the Conqueror'’s concomitants. There 
are other such stones on both sides, but not yet uncovered. 

- “fam just preparing my instruments for observation of the 
weather, and quantity of rain, &c. I shall send you my memoirs of 
them when ready. 1 wrote to Dr. West, to know how I must 
ward off a foolish pretence they have got here of sessing me to 
the tax for my office, as they call it, meaning my practice; but 
T have not yet had his answer; and I would not suffer the pro- 
fession to lose of its privileges through my neglect. —I am, Sir, 
with wishes of your health, ‘ 

«Your most obedient humble servant, Wm. Struxevey.” 


« Sir, May 2, 1728. 

“‘Thave perused both yours to his Grace the Duke of Ancaster, 
and the Letter of his Grace's Housekeeper since the date of yours, 
I think you did very well, in the circumstances of the young Lord *, 
to bleed him, and blister; and not to purge, which I have al- 
ways observed to do more harm than good. I think you should 
keep him from being bound; which; perhaps, may be done with 
taking a quarter of a pint of asses milk in a morning. 1 would 
also recommend to you a tea made of sarsaparilla china and a 
little eyebrigit, which will have no bad taste, especially if there 
be added to it some. cow's milk; and these remedies are easily 
taken, and very beneficial. Jf you add to the collyrium I di- 
rected a little mucilage of seeds of psyllium, and make use of 
it to his eyes by way of eye-water, it will be of advantage. You 
do well not to meddle with the speck on his eye that was hurt, 
for it is'a scar from the wound, which will, by being touched 
with sharp medicines, receive harm rather than post: If the 
inflammation should continue, you must bleed again with leeches, 
and have an issue made in his left arm, though it be a pity to put 
him to that trouble if it be not necessary to preserve his sight. 
I cannot see how it can be a doubt whether he sees with his hurt 
eye; for sure his favourites about him may, with great ease, co- 
ver his other eye, and, by presenting objects to that, know whe- 
ther he can distinguish them. I am sorry to hear that this dis- 
order continues, and advise you the best I can, which is left to 
your liberty, who are upon the place, to change or proceed with 
as you see best. Your most obedient servant, Hans SLoane.” 


“ HonouRED AND DEAR Sin, Grantham, Aug. 26, 1729. 

“ The following inscription was given me lately. It is cut on 
the back side of a large silver plate of Roman work in basso-re- 
lievo, found by ploughing in Risley Park, in Derbyshire, June 6, 
1729: ‘ EXSUPERIUS EPISCOPUS ECCLESLE BOGIENSIS DEDIT, Rk . 


The Plate + (they tell me) is an oblong-square, 12 inches long, 


* Peregrine Bertie, the young Marquis of Lindsay (afterwards third 
Duke of Ancaster), who at that time was dangerously ill. He died Aug. 
12, 1778. 

+ Of this Silver Plate Dr. Stnkeley printed an explanation, with anen- 
raving, in 1736, See “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 503. b 

about 


790 | ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ~ 


about S broad. It is high raised, and thought to have beem 
enameled, being now decayed by time, and rendered brittle as 
glass. It weighs seven pounds. The sculpture or work on it 
represents a hunting, one man naked, another with a loose gar+ 
ment on; one has a sword, the other a spear. ‘Two dogs seizing 
on a lion lying under a tree; a lioness at a distance running 
away. It was found standing on an edge, but two inches un= 
der-ground, and, no doubt, was deposited there in order to be 
taken away again by the same person. It was within a mile of 
Dale Abbey. There is an embossed border runs round the outer 
, charged with variety of figures, sheep, goats, a some 
> some mounted without bridle or saddle. I su 
these are of a less form than the other and principal work. There 
are fawns, a temple, and many other grotesque figures. The 
outermost rim is set round with little A ney antic 
than peas. The Horak an is set round the foot, at the bottom ; 
T suppose like that of a salver, and probably put on in later 
times, that it might serve for administration of bread at the 
sacrament, for which purpose it was given to the church (peat 
ensit). It may originally have been a Roman votive table, 
know not the Church +, nor the Bishop t. We have not hooks in 
the country to inform us of such thi: 

“ Next week I expect Mr. Gale here, with whom I ‘shalt 
have the pleasure of drinking your health, and our friends at 
the Greeks. Iam, Sir, with hearty prayers for your health, 

“ Your most obliged and obedient servant, M, STUKELEY,” 


« HonouneD AND DEAR SiR, Grantham, Sept. 24, 1729. 
‘1 received yours. I haye not been unmindful of observing 
the superfice and the bowels too of the Earth since I came into 
the country ; and have collected a good deal in relation to @ 
theory thereof, and a confirmation of what I advanced in the 
beginning of my ‘ Itinerary,’ of a visible proof of the Earth’s ro- 
tation on its axis from view of its surface; but you know well, 
Sir, there is nought to be done by way of publication unless one 
be in town. 1 design to be there two months in every year when 
I get any preferment in the Church; for then I shall abandon 
practice; for now, though I have all the business within ten 
miles round and more, which you will allow to be fati 
enough, I assure you I do not make above 501. per annum of it. 
desire to know if you have in your Collection a Coin of 
Claudius, the reverse CERES AVGVSTA; a modius, or the like, re- 
ating to corn. I have one, on which | have written a disserta~ 
tion, shewing it to belong to the famine in Claudius’s time, men- 
tioned by St. Luke, Acts xi. 
“ At this time the Living of Allhallows in Stamford is near va- 
cant ; the incumbent Mr. Rogers is in the last stadium of a dropsy, 
and cannot live a quarter of a year. It is worth near 1501. per 


+ Bourges, 
t Exsuperius, called St, Swithin, Bp. of Thoulouse about the year 205. 
annum, 


DR. STUKELEY AND SIR HANS SLOANE. 791 


annum. J should be well pleased to have it. I guess there will 
be great application ; it is in the gift of the Crown, I beg, dear 
Sir Hans, you will exert your interest, which I know is very 
great, in my favour. I guess the only way to secure it, is to be 
time enovgh. I dare say you will be denied nothing either of 
the Court or Courtiers. I design to come up to town in a very 
little time ; but would have you speak first, to prevent others. 
I shall watch the opportunity as nicely as is in my power, 

“ J am, with heartiest prayers-for your health, dear Sir, your 
most obliged and most obedient servant, Ww. SToxkrLey.” 

“Goon Sir Hans, Stamford, Aug. 14, 1730, 

Tam desired by Mr. Wesley *, a Clergyman in our County, 
to beg the favour of you to lend his son, the bearer of this, Don 
John de Castro's description of the Arabian Gulf. His father is 
upon a most excellent Work, an Edition of the Book of Job, 
with large Criticisms and Dissertations, it being a Book as most 
antient, so full of all kinds of knowledge of those early ages, 
will be very acceptable to the learned world. Your book would 
be very safe; and I shall take it as a favour, added to, good Sir, 
Your most obedient and most humble servant, Wa. STUKELEY.” 


“ HonougeED AND DEAR SiR, Stamford, Oct. 19, 1730. 

“ Among the proofs of the Deluge of Noah visible to this 
day, whereof there are infinite numbers in your admirable 
Museum; this stone likewise before me is one, of which I 
send you enclosed the exact drawing. ‘The sight of the stone, 
and the day, put me in mind .of that great judgment, which 
God Almighty brought upon our globe as on this day, where- 
of the stone is a monument. The appearances which you see 
in the cavity of it are, perhaps, a parcel of fruits like hazel- 
nuts, promiscuously jumbled together, and turned into stone ; 
though they are pretty much like nuts, yet I suspect they are 
some other fruit. You, that are the great oracle of all natu- 
ral knowledge, will probably at first sight resolve the doubt: 
and for that purpose | have drawn underneath two of them in 
their true shape and bulk. The fruits themselves are very dis- 
tinet, the texture of the coat, rind, or shell of them, is like that 
of our hazel-nuts ané pistacho's, and of the same bulk. There 
is in some of them a bit of the pedunculus or stalk ; in others, the 
cavity, from whence it is dropt off, is very plain. This stone, 
among others full of shells, was taken out of a quarry near 
Aynho in Oxfordshire, and sent to Dr. Mead by the Rev. Mr, 
Wasse, minister there, about nine years ago. There were several 
small cornua ammonis, and other fossil shells, dug up in the 
same place, and are frequently so The Docior gave them to 
me. The stone is ten inches long between the two corners. 
A shell left in the stone, and there are other shells on the back 
of it.—It is commonly known that, upon digging in our fenny 


* Father of the celebrated Methodists, John and Charles. This Letter 
is directed, “To the Rey. Mr. Samuel Wesley, Dean’s-yard, Werriy 
. eve, 


° 
792 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


levels of Lincolnshire, on the edge of the pon meb aw 
find very great quantities of antediluvian tim ‘ees. for s 
I do not scruple to call them. The like is observed on the 
marshy grounds at the mouth of all great rivers, and 
in all b and moorish ground, all the world over. 
amoung these trees they frequently find great quantities of hazel- 
nuts, acorns, and the like, crowded together on heaps. These 
appearances, as well as the stone before us, are, I su not" 
only a demonstrative proof of the veracity of the sa records, 
whence we have the account of the Deluge ; but likewise in my 
judgment, bring us to a very near approach to the time of the 
beginning of the Deluge ; but different from what is assigned’in 
Authors.—I observe, they generally make the beginning of the De-" 
luge to fall in winter: | Scaliger fixes it to the 17th of November 5 
Abp. Usher, the 17th of December; Whiston, the 28th of No- 
vember; Shuckford, the Ist or @d of November. ‘The Sacred: 
Historian says, it began on the 17th day of the second month. 
The first month they begin with the autumnal equinox, as if 
Moses reckoned time by exact Julian years. But’ to 
the calculations I have made of this matter, I find God Al 
ordered Noah to get the creatures into the Ark on Sunday the 
12th of October, the very day of the autunmal equinox that year, 
and on this present day, on the Sunday se’nnight following (the 
19th of October) that terrible catastrophe , the moon 
being past her third quarter. 1f we would know how it answers, 
to this year, in order to understand the season ; it is parallel to. 
the 19th of September, when summer is over, and autumn be~ 
gins, All the grain and fruits of the earth are now perfectly ripe,. 
and fit to be gathered. The nuts began to drop off the trees, 
Holyrood day being past. The seeds of vegetables have all pos- 
sible chance to escape in sufficient quantity, to cloath again the 
new world. Many trees were then torn up by the roots with the 
violence of the storm, hurried down from the high countries, 
and with the decreasing waters left in the mud, on the edge of 
the, fens, mouths of great rivers, &c. where the turf has over- 
grown them. Along with them nuts and acorns were driven to- 

ther in heaps, and are found at this day in their true form. 

‘he oil they abound with, and hardness of their shell, has ena- 
bled them to withstand a total. change of parts, though the co- 
lour be lost, and the whole like dirt. They wanted the condition 
of the fruits in our stone, if such they be, which happening to 
fall into the cavity of a matter then beginning to turn into stone, 
by help of the petrifying juices, like insects in amber, have 
found a more durable tomb. It is just to suppose that, if the 
Deluge had begun at the Jatter end of November, or December, 
the nuts would have been sunk into the earth, which is generally 
soft in woods, or would have been eaten up by animals, or car- 
ried into their dens and holes by that time; and not so readily 
have been gathered together, to accompany the trees ; as when 
beaten off the trees when first ripe, according to our assertion. 

“ This 


DR. STUKELEY AND SIR HANS SLOANE. 793 


' « This assignment of the beginning of the Deluge may possi- 

bly be a week earlier, or the like, but not later, and is attended 
too with this advantage : that the Ark rested on the top of Mount 
Ararat on Monday the 23d of March, and the earth generally 
appeared on the 5th of June ; which answers to the beginning of 
our May, as to season. Here was the whole power of the sum- 
mer’s heat, to dry the earth, and call forth the benumbed vege- 
table world; and Noah went out of the Ark at the latter end of 
October, soon after the autumnal equinox, and there would be 
sufficient quantity of food for the creatures turned out. Whereas, 
by the other hypothesis, Noah quits the Ark at the very dregs of 
winter.—Thus the flood began and ended at the time of year when 
the world was created, and in several respects there is a par ratio 
for it ; though I believe God Almighty in this grand concern’ 
ordered it pursuant to many natural causes, and made use of the 
concurrence of all as far as they would extend ; yet in the main 
it was purely miraculous ; and to pretend to solve it by philoso- 
phical or astronomical principles is no less an impotent than an 
impious attempt ; and among other things, has given a handle 
to the late sceptics, who doubt of the divine authority of the Serip- 
tures; which, the more they are looked into, the more they dis- 
cover their truth and beauties [ am, honoured and dear Sir, 
your most obedient and devoted servant, Wn. Sruxetey.” 


* HoNOURED AND DEAR Sir, Stamford, Dec. 29, 1730. 

«T received your Letter with a very particular pleasure, be- 
cause therein I flattered myself that I perceived you had a favour 
for me, ina matter you will guess by the station I am now in, 
My Living here is worth 2001. per annum ; and I have lately had 
a salary of 251. per annum settled on me by the Bishop of Lin- 
coln*, as 1 am Governor of an Hospital at Stamfurd by virtue 
of my Living. And I have a farther expectancy of a Living in 
our neighbourhood ; but it will be some trouble and charge to 
vindicate the Bishop's intended favour to me, which I should 
save, as well as the time | could employ better, if you should 
please more plainly to encourage my hopes; and then T should 
think only of pushing my future fortunes in a different quarter 
of the world. Our common friend Mr. Gale, who well knows all 
my views, can explain this, if you please to ask him about it. 
All I have to say in my own favour is, that no one in life had 
a greater respect for Sir Hans Sloane than myself, or has upon 
all occasions more endeavoured to vindicate his honour, when J 
lived in town ; and the doing it has cost me some friendships, 
which I never regretted. { could mention in particular, that it 
bred a great coolness in a neighbour of mine of Ormond-street +. 
As [always espoused your interest cordially, so I shall be more 
engaged to do it when you are my Patron, and shall be more 
enabled to do it, when fixed nearer the Thames, for which I shall 
willingly enough change my present station, though a very plea- 


* Dr. Reynolds, + Undoubtedly by Dr. Mead. 
sant 


794 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


sant one, I should then be set more in the eye of the world, and 
could be then a constant Member again of the Royal Society, and 
should endeavour to be an useful one. I have some Di : 
which I wrote in town, with a view of sheltering them under your 
name. They are considerable curiosities in Botany, never yet taken _ 
notice of. 1 might then have opportunities of improving 
so as not to be unworthy of your patronage. I pepe you will 
excuse the freedom I here take, in confidence of the long ac- 
uaintance { have had with you. Nor would I have it thought 
that 1 have done any dishonour to the profession of Physic, by 
taking another gown. The first Founder of the College did the 
same, Dr. Linacre | mean, and died a Dignitary of the Church; 
and one of my views in it, under direction of the Archbishop of 
Canterbury *, was to combat the Infidel spirit that prevails so 
much in this generation, for which I have made some prepara- 
tion, and may. perchance do it more effectually, when I come to, 
enter the lists, than some others have done, that were altogether 
bred up in Divinity studies.—I drank your health yesterday at the 
Duke of Ancaster’s. The Dutchess and Marquis of Lindsey are 
now under my care. 1 have some curiosities in my Collection, 
though few yet very remarkable, which J should think honoured 
by being added to your valuable Museum ; and I have had some. 
thoughts about that, which I should be glad to communicate, if 
you have not better settled it yourself: so as to be a most noble 
monument of your fame, and learning, and industry, &c.—I 
heartily pray, dear Sir, for your health and happiness, and for 
the prosperity of your family in all its branches; and am, with 
great truth, dear Sir, your most obliged and obedient servant, 
Wn. STuKELEY. 
«« Pardon haste,—I expect to be in town in February.” 
«* HonouRED AND DEAR Sir, Stamford, April 14, 1738. 
«Our friend Mr. Gale acqnaints me that Wallis has sent a 
Letter to the Royal Society against my Discourse about the Gout- 
oils +. I perceive his facts are false, and his intent ungenerous 
and malicious. I desire you would please to order me a copy of 
that Letter, and the Society shall hear further from me. 
“Tam, with heartiest wishes of your health and happiness, 
and with greatest respect, dear Sir, &c. Wo. Sruxerey.” 
« Srr, Stamford, April 28, 1733. 
“<1 suppose it would be reckoned very inhuman and illegal, 
when a prisoner stands upon his trial, to deny him a copy of 
indictment. Such, indeed, is the practice of the Spanish Inqui- 
sition: and such is refusing me a copy of a paper read publicly 
against me at the Royal Society. —I insist upon demanding a 
copy of it; and am, with great respect, &c. WM. Sruxerey.” 
« HonourRED AND DEAR Sir, Stamford, Jnly 7, 1733. 
*£ Last year, on June 29, the gout seized me ; it lasted three 
or four months; nay, I cannot say I was well till ] used Dr. Ro- 


* Dr. Wake. See before, p. 784. + See before, p. 25. 
gers's 


DR. STUKELEY AND SIR HANS SLOANE. 795 


gers's oils, which was December 11. Just seven days earlier this 
year it seized me again very violently. Upon using the oils, the 
pain ceased in a day, but the swelling rose as high as ever. In 
nine days I buckled on my shoe, and walked out. I mean my 
ordinary shoe. In a fortnight I am perfectly well, and that not 
without greatest joy and amazement. I laugh at them that 
either a repelling, ora returning of the humour ; it kills it per- 
fectly as fast as it comes, as much as an antidote does poison ; 
and it is as specific a remedy as any in the whole compass of the 
art of Physic; the greatest discovery ever made in the art in our 
own country, During that week of operation, I wrote a second 
Letter to you, wherein I shall give the world the true history 
and cure of the Gout.— We have received accounts daily of the 
success of the oils, from all parts of the kingdom, and not one 
failure. The Gout is really a poison, and this is the proper an~ 
tidote for it.—I am, honoured and dear Sir, with heartiest wishes 
of your health, your most obedient servant, Wm. Sruxeey.” 
«© Goop Six Hans, Grimsthorp, July 4, 1735. 

“T am now attending the Dutchess of Ancaster in an hi 
colic. Mrs, Newton, housekeeper there, has been troubled with 
an inflammation in one of her eyes for a twelvemonth last past *, 
Every thing has been done for her that can be thought of, and 
without any effect. 1 fancy an external application may be ser- 
viceable. If you would be pleased to send her a small phial of 
your eye-water, | hope it would do her good. I am sure it 
would he kindly taken by the family here. 

«« They have printed a very elegant Edition of my book of the 
Gout in Ireland, with some addition. 1 doubt not but you have 
seen it. Our oils continue to meet with great success in Gout, 
Rheumatism, and Sciatica, all the kingdom over. 

Wo. Sruxetey.” 
‘« HONOURED AND GOoD Sik, Stamford, Feb. 3, 1738-9. 

« After my hearty thanks for your kind assistance to me, I 
thought it necessary to acquaint you with my present state, and 
ask your further advice. The Erysipelous Fever still continues, 
and is never quite off. It had a bad symptom, an asthma in the 
night, which is for the most part gone off, upon a critical dis- 
charge of humour on my late weakened feet. I cannot call it 
gouty, because it has not the pain and manner of the gout, ra- 
ther of a dropsical swelling; and in a morning my head is a 
deal out of order, the distemper seeming still to" lie upon the 
nerves. My appetite is pretty good; and I sleep pretty well— 
I chiefly want your cpinion whether or no I should take the bark 


* Sir Hans Sloane was frequently consulted on disorders of the Eyes, a 
subject in which he was particularly well skilled. See his advice on tbe 
case of the young Marquis of Lindsey, p. 789; and] have now before me 
the following letter of advice from him for a daughter of Dr. Z. Grey in 1748 : 

“T would have you every morning and evening let Miss’s eyes be washed 
with cold spring water, or collyrium; and when they bleed have leeches 
applied to her temples, to draw from thence four or six ounces of blood, 
and to use the ointment whenever they grow worse. Hans SLoane.” 


for 


796 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. | 


for the fever. I have no great thirst, or febrile symptoms more 
than mentioned.—I most heartily pray for the continuance of 
- yourhealth; and, with my service to the gentlemen on Thurs- 
day at your house, remain, honoured and good Sir, 
“Your most obliged, &c: Wn. Sruxever.” 


‘Lerrers to Dr. SrukeLey, from Mr. Bayxs, Mr. 
Wasse, Dr. Pococxe, B. Wixtis, Orator Hen- 
teY, Dr. Srepnen Hares, Dr. Hartiey, &e. &e. 


Xe Whaddon Hall, near Fenny Strat- 
Dear Docror, ford, Bucks, August 9, 1720:°% 
‘© Meeting the other day with a ballad containing some pe | 

of a famous person of both your names, I here inclose it, to. 

vert you. I see in some part of the copy he is called Stutley, 
which I conceive to be a corruption or vulgar pronunciation of 

Stukley; for our town in sight of this place that bears your 

name is by the common people always called Stutley, and so T 

think are the two Stewkleys in Huntingdonshire. t hope your 

heat of stock-jobbing is a little abated, and that you have got 
in traffic to buy our Stewkley, and so are at leisure to 
come down and see it. If you see Mr. Becket, remind him of 

his promise to give me some account of Dr. Roger Gifford, M.D. 

Precentor of St. David's, and President of the College of Phy- 

sicians, who died 1596. 1 wish | could tell where he was buried. 

The Register of Christ Chureh, London, is burnt, and so f cannot 

be informed whether buried at Christ Church from thence. 

«© Tam now all alone, my wife and family being gone to the 
Bath for a month or six weeks, and have only with me three 
servants, otherwise a clear house, fit for the reception of a Re- 
cluse, or Antiquary Friend, especially yourself, who would be 
very weleome to your most hunible servant, B. Wits.” 

« Dear Docror, Revesby, June 6, 1722. 

« Good cousin Gale has been so kind as to give me two Letters 
of how the world goes, &c. to this place, barren of intelligence. 
I have not confidence to ask him for more, since | can make no 
return; but beg you will of the tenders of my best solicitude ; 
and wish he was here with you. I would shew you a sight of 
eight Religious Houses, very great ones, in twelve miles riding, 
in the nearest road from my house to Lincoln, all within 200 
paces of the road; Revesby Abbey, Tatteshall College, Kirkshead, 
Stickswould, Axholme, Bardney, Stanfield, and Barlings, Ab- 
beys ; which shew you what fine folks we have been formerly. 
And pray tell us when we may hope to see you, being we are 
for going soon to some Spas to play. And pray a little news, 
since | dare ask Mr. Gale for no more, unless of his own good 
will.— I think you told me you had a sketch of all the drawings, 
&c. in East, West, and Wildmore Fens, on North side of Boston: 

, I wish 


MR. BANKS, MR. WASSE, &C.\TO STUKELEY. 797 


I wish I had one. Son and daughter are your servants, and hope 

to see you in your circuit. Lam, dear Doctor, your most faith- 

ful servant, Jos. Banks *.” 
« Sir, Aynho, Oct. 23, 1722. 

« | have been twice at Oxford, in order to hunt out for you, 
as I promised, a Catalogue of the Manuscripts in St. Mark's Li- 
brary; but they have turned your whole Library upside down, 
in order to er He a new Catalogue, so that I cannot as yet meet 
with it. They place the Books, not according to their matter, 
as they stood formerly; but according to their bulk, which will 
be very inconvenient. | Thomasin’s Account, ut in 1650, 4to, or 
a Manuscript which my friend Mr. Gale will help you to, Num- 
ber 6015, 217 of his Library, will supply the want of what I 
intended to procure. I. know not whether the business will 
permit you to look upon the stones I send you: all of them were 
dug up in Fritwel Pits, within half a mile of us, and one may 
collect vast numbers of all sorts, except the Jargest, which, I 
think, is very surprising. — I have now finished my Notes upon 
Lactantius: but 1 am not ready for the press yet, by reason of 
the necessity 1am under of correcting a text for my composer's 
use, and marking the insertions, which, though an ungrateful, 
is yet a necessary piece of work. I hope, some time in this 
winter, I shall have opportunity to wait upon you, and make the 
due acknowledgments for the favour of those MSS. you so gene- 
rously allowed me the use of. —The largest stone was the very 
heart or centre of a rock, four yards from the surface of the 
quarry which faces the North, and not near any gully or cavity. 

“Yam, Sir, your obliged and most humble servant, J. Wasset.” 

“ Dear Sir, March 22, 1725-6. 

«1 thank you, in behalf of my country, for the care you 
took in adorning the lite fabric we call Arthur's Oven. Though 
the thing was much in my own circumstances, not worth your 
noticing, yet I could not but observe with pleasure what you 
was capable of doing if you had got subject to work on. 

“ Pardon my curiosity to know what you are doing in your 
constant application towards promoting of Learning ; and when 
you have leisure I wish you would acquaint me on what footi 
your Antiquarian Society is. 1 rejoice to hear that the Earls 
of Hartford and Pembroke give so much countenance. to it. 
Their good example, I hope, will make Learning fashionable 
amongst great men as well as others. When this kind of Society 
was first erected in France under the late King, Learning was 
not so common as it came to be afierwards ; for, so soun as it was 
warmed by the sun-beams of Royal favour, ali the Statesmen in 
that count became Antiquaries, and searce any body was 
thought capable of public employment who had not a tolerable 


* Great-grandfather of the Right Honourable President of the Royal 
Society. He was elected F.S.A. 1724.—His son “ Joseph Banks, jun. Esq.” 
was elected six years earlier. 

+ Of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. 1. pp. 263, 706. os 

share 


798 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


share of Learning. That King found his advantage in this; for, 
amongst other things, Loodlaonmnh imaiapeinaae aeaaeana 
strove, by all their art and eloquence, to make him the vir 
immortalis which he aspired to be thought ; and though they 
could not altogether hide his imperfections, yet they: dressed 
him up as such a Lover of Learning, and Encourager of Arts: 
and Sciences, that I believe the learned part of posterity will 
not be over-active to pry into his blemishes. May your Society 
prosper ; and may all men of power, as well as of sense, enter into 
right notions about it! May they consider, that a 
for Roman Antiquities be in itself of litte or no ie, yet, as 
it invites to Learning, and as this necessarily carries with 
it a perfect knowledge of those Worthies amongst the 
and Romans who were famed for love of their country, of glory, 
and of liberty, to let them conclude that those who have the 
test knowledge of Antiquity have, ceteris paribus, the best 
itle to be esteemed Patriots. This theme is so tempting, that I 
find myself insensibly led to say more of it than is necessary to 
you. Jam, with the utmost sincerity, dear Sir, t 
“ Your most faithful humble servant, = Joan Crerx.”) 


To Dr. Hax.ex, in Alnwick, Northumberland, __ 

«* Honourep Sir, London, July 1, 1725. 
“There are few Counties in England but their Antiquities 
have been taken notice of, and explained by some or others 
and it is great pity that ours (which has so maoy Remains of 
Roman and British) should not have that justice done it, through 
the want of leisure of those who are curious that way. We 
might have expected it from Bp. Nicolson and Dr, Todd, who 
were making Collections on that head ; but as their talents Jay 
in different kinds of Antiquities, the one in British, the other in 
the Roman ; so, I believe, it will be allowed that there is none 
more fit for pursuing that design than Dr. Stukeley, in whom 
the knowledge of both is so happily united, and who has devoted 
a great deal of time to those curious and entertaining studies. 
Tt will be needless for me to say any more of him, for you have 
seen his performances, and are better able to judge of them than 
Iam ; but what I should have mentioned first, and will, I hope, 
add weight to my request, is, that Dr. Mead (whose favours I 
always think of with gratitude and pleasure) expects an exact 
account from him of the Roman towns there. 1 beg, therefore, 
you will please to go with him thither, and ask the favour 
of some of our friends to go with you, and do him all the 
service you can. I would have you be entertaining him with 
your thoughts of the antient and present state of those places. 
His conversation will be agreeable, | hope, to you. He will, 1 
doubt not, be ravished with the sight of Bremenium and Habita- 
neum, and Alnwick Castle, the antient seat of his great friend the 
Lord Percy's ancestors, the Mound at Elsdon, and all other our 
Antiquities. I thought it needless to write to Mr. Cay, as not 
knowing 


HARLEY, DERHAM, AND HALES, TO STUKELEY. 799 


knowing whether he can be at leisure; but, having some busi- 
ness with Mr. Horsley, have hinted it to him, and have wrote 
about itto Mr. N. Punshon. I have little news since my last. 
I am pretty well, blessed be God ; though I had got a dizziness 
yesterday, for which the Doctor ordered me to bleed, and en- 
tirely cured me. My duty and service where due. Iam, dear 
Sir, your ever dutiful and affectionate son, J. H[arey,)” 
* HoNnouRED Sir, Upminster, Feb. 22, 1725-6. 
«1 lately met, casually, the Account of Stonehenge that I 
long since promised you, and could not with strict searching 
find ; which is, an information of one Stainer, an ingenious and 
experienced Statuary on Bow-bridge, near London, who visited 
Stonehenge ; and the better to inform himself of the nature of 
the stone, he bought at Salisbury a new strong hammer to break 
off a piece, which he intended to have polished, weighed, &c. 
But, instead of breaking the stone, he broke his hammer, and lost 
his cost and labour ; but found, however, the stones to be harder 
than porphyry. He measured the largest of the stones, and 
found it 22 feet out of the earth. He hath had the curiosity to 
try the weight of several sorts of stones, and finds Portland 
stone to he 16 solid feet to the ton; white marble 12 feet; and 
black marble 10 feet to the ton. And, forasmuch as the Stone- 
henge stone is much harder than any of these, yea than por- 
phyry, he concludes, that eight solid feet of these stones would 
make a ton, and that the weight of the great stone above 9 
is 50 or 60 ton. But, according to the measure I myself took 
some years ago of that stone (if I mistake not therein) itis 
above 80 ton ; what a vast weight therefore is the whole stone, 
which probably is as much under ground as above it. And J 
hope you, who have been curious and inquisitive in the matter, 
will inform us whence these stones were brought, and by what 
carriage and mechanism, which, with all success and ‘felicity, 
is heartily wished you by your most hamble and affectionate 
servant, r Wm. Dernam.” 
« Dear Sir, Teddington, May 15, 1726. 
** When I saw you last, you told me you should have in a 
few days the Modern Names of those Towns on the Picts Wali 
which are mentioned on the Cup which was found at Littlecott, 
near Hungerford. I have now a draft of it; but believe you 
have since seen the Cup, which I hear was sent to Lord Hart- 
ford. I shall be obliged to you, if you will let me know where 
it is, and whether it may be seen ; and if you have the Modern 
‘Names I beg of you to send me them, in the order they are upon 
the Cup.— I am your humble servant, Srepn. Haves.” 
« Dear Docror, Oct. 26, 1727. 
«* When I look upon the date of your obliging Letter, I am 
ashamed not to have answered it sooner. I heartily thank you 
for thinking a poor old friend worth your attention, especially 
when you have (as I perceive by your Letter) so many delightful 
objects about you to engage it much better, The few friends 1 
have 


800 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 46) 6 


have ence nie I desire still to reckon you) are not increased 
since you left the town. I am too old now to create new friend- 
ships; and, as the world goes now, few good ones are 
those of your profession 1 stick still to honest Dr. H 
who hath not yet been so fickle and inconstant as to cast me 
‘*T will not turn my Letter into a newspaper... You 
doubt) enough of them in the country; and I live. too. 
retired to be able to be a news-writer. My conversation never 
did, nor doth much lie that way. 1 had rather read the inge+ 
nious description you give of your country villa, tan bi 
North and South news which stuff our daily papers. Your ii 
tation thither is what. I wish I could comply with; but the lit 
businesses which still chain me to the town, will not let mee 
joy that happiness. Besides, there is a sort of a laziness 
one, who grows old; which maketh him loth to change his se 
tary life, — The disposition of your rural house (and none better 
fitted for those things than yourself), and your suitablei 
please me well. The criticism you make upon Horace [in the 
beautiful antithesis of Te and Me], and the parallel places you 
bring to prove it, convince me of the truth of your reading. _.~ 
“Tam glad, and congratulate my good friend Mr. Williamson 
1 his happiness of having you a he his neighbour, and 
your conversation. Pray my service to him, and to his 
eh sister, if she liveth with him. His younger sister,’ 
me, is married at York; and was your partner... 1 
wish, dear Doctor, you may, some time or other, be blessed w' 
as good a partner as you deserve. Rear 
“Your neighbourhood ought to value you, for ee 
among them an-dssembly ; by the means of which good man- 
ners, polite entertainment, and honest correspondence, are kept 


up and preserved; much preferable to our foreign operas and vie. 


cious masquerades, which last are like to be still continued. 

com shall now close my Letter with answering the kind con- 
clusion of yours ; wherein you are pleased to continue as a Sub- 
seriber to whatever I publish; by which | see that distance of 
place makes no alteration in your friendship, 1 am just rid of 
my last volume of the Annales Typographici ; and am ready to 
put to the press a new Edition of Marmora Oxoniensia, by Sub- 


scription, every copy Large Paper, the same as what I have used ~ 


before in the books you have been so kind as to subscribe to. 
The copies of these books will be as few as I can, and for no 
other but Subscribers ; for I value more the opportunity of ex- 
periencing the kindness of my Friends, than the vain name of an 
Author. I will make bold to acquaint you by a Letter with 2 
Proposals when they are ready. 

“ After having robbed you of some minutes (and it is a pity 
any moment of that time you spend so usefully and agreeably 
should be lost) by this homely scribble, give me leave to subscribe 
inyself, with the honest sincerity of a friend, dear worthy Sir, 
your most humble and most obedient servant, M. Marrr. eae 

“« Ho- 


HARRIS AND HORSELEY TO DR. STUKELEY. 801- 


« Honourep CoLteacue, July 28, 1728. 

‘« | received the favour of yours of July 6, and hope now I 
shall quickly hear of the Flixweed Seed, that | may at the same 
time return your expence, with thanks, and with an Oration and 
lecture, to be left at Mr. Bettesworth's: We lose our Domine's 
here apace, for want of your assistance. Dr. Freind (54 they 
say) went off on Friday last cf a fever; but an imposthume in 
the thorax last of all broke and suffocated him. So be will ridi- 
cule the Inoculators no more, in bis noble Histories. And we 
have lost our noble man-midwife, Dr. Chamberlane, the D's 
minion ; and the curious Dr. Woodward ; all, I think, in their 
prime ; and pretty old Dr. Gibbons (78), who did not receive 
fees with grief, but alacrity. We may be sure they did not want 
help; but you were not here, to turn the scale right. I hear 
not a word of Benefactions to the College, notwithstanding the 
recited losses and previous gains ; and, I believe, we shall not 
get that way a single penny, until Astrea returns among us, a8 
we might well hope, in this Golden Age, which I still hope that 
the Cavillations ut Soissons will not turn into an Iron Age. Be- 
nefactions must, and will always, proceed from plain, honest, 
and good men, and from them only, and not from Politicians, 
howsoever confederated. I had almost forgot our late loss also 
of old Dr. Slare, within a year as old as 1am, through God's bless« 
ing, now 81 and a quarter. Also we have lost the ingenious 
and worthy Dr. Wellwood, and Dr. Grimbalston, But we are 
Jike* to have a good and plentiful supply of new Members, 
thanks to the King’s late visit to Cambridge. Six new ones are 
to be examined next Friday. But I shall tire you. God governs 
the world; und men of your sense, and knowledge, and indus- 
try, need not doubt the best.—1 am, worthy Sir, your most 
humble and obedient servant, Watrer Harnis*.” 

« Sir, Morpeth, Jan. 22, 1728-9. 

“«T was willing to take the first opportunity of making my ac- 
knowledgments for the civilities 1 met with at Grantham. 

«The motto I put down in haste was suitable enough to 
those studies I was intent on; but I ought to have remembered 
the change you have made in your state, which readily occurred 
to me after I had left you ; and then I wished | had changed my 
Antiquarian into a Congratulatory motto : Felices ter et amplius + 
The rest you will supply in word and deed, and, I doubt not, be 
found amongst those whom Horace pronounces so happy. I 

- called at Collingham in my way, and was pleased to find your 
Account of the Station at Brugh so exactly agreeable to matter of 
fact. It must, no doubt, be Crocoluna. ‘The distance of nine 
computed miles from Lincoln answers exactly to twelve in the 
Itinerary, according to the proportion I have generally observed to 
hold true. I cannot say that I am so well satisfied with respect to 
the other places in the Sixth Iter. - 4d Pontem, according to the 
number in the Itinerary, should not be above two or three miles 
from Newark, and Margidunum about eight. I observe that 

* Author of “A Description of Dublin, 1732.” 

3F the 


YOU. Il, 


802 > ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


the distance between Rate and Lindum is just 52 miles in the 
Itinerary, three-fourths of which is just 39 miles, and this I 
suppose will be pretty near the number of computed miles from 
Lincoln to Leicester. This, with me, is a-strong argument 
that Rate (not Verometum) is Leicester, notwithstanding what a 
late Author says to the contrary ; and that this Iter, or this part 
of this Iter, has proceeded directly, without any excursions. As 
nobody is more capable than yourseif of making such discoveries, 
so I still hope you will find some Remains, or Evidences, at due dis- 
tances.—I could never yet discover, or hear of any certain Remains 
of the way that must have gone from Tadcaster to M: 
any farther than it may have coincided with that from Tadcaster 
to Castleforth. I have had an account of some part of a Military 
Way remaining at Dunkam Park (belonging to my Lord War- 
rington), which must have gone from Manchester to Chester, 
This favours your opinion concerning Condate, to which I fr 
accede, But | am much of the opinion, that the Military Way 
from Chester has returned quick, and coincided in part 
present London Road from Chester. Upon this supposition, it is 
very possible that the shortest distance between Condate and Me- 
diolanum may be but 78 miles. (as in the Tenth Iter) ; though 
this can never hold good if Mediolanum be Meiwood. Some 
Coins that have been lately found between Nantwich and Whit- 
church confirm me in this opinion—I am: stillin hopes that 
you will discover some place more directly upon the Military | 
from Durotrive to Lindum, that will answer as to distance | 
more exactness than Great Pauntun for Gansenne, The want 
of a river, I believe, is not a sufficient objection, where no 
river intervenes in so great a space as from Durobrive to Lindum. 
“ Your much obliged humble servant, Joux Horseuey *.” 
« Dear Six, Redmile, Feb. 19, 1728-9. 
“ T return you the Philosophical Transactions. Your drawing 
is, like all your performances, fine and masterlike. By the sim- 
plicity of the materials and figure in the Pavement it is possible it 
might have been a British imitation, after Agricola had endea- 
youred to soften the inhabitants of this Isle by Roman arts, deli- 
cacy, and luxury. See Tacitus, in Vit& Agric. ‘ suluberrimis eon- 
siliis ea hyems consumpta,’ &c.—In my Observations upon your 
Iter Curiosum, I shall give my reasons why the brave Coritani were 
a confederate, and not a subdued people ; and that therefore their 
Chiefs might have elegant villas instead of their ancestors’ tugu- 
ria. I am well satisfied with Dr. Nichols’ reasons for the cause 
of an aneurism. — 1 read your rhymes, but did not, out of 
respect to your reputation, communicate them as you desired, 
1 think that empiric brimstone Curate ought to have been de- 
spised, and not answered, There is a sublime in your Prose, 
which, shews you might attempt the Epic in Poesy with great 
success ; but this paltry doggrel is beneath your abilities, and 
a disgrace to your pen. The bearer, who will inform you of his 
case, desired me to write to Mr. Gale in his behalf. As your 
* Of whom see the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. Vil. p. 187. 


acquaint- 


VERNON AND HORSELEY TO DR. STUKELEY. $03 


acquaintance has been more intimate, and interest more weighty 
with our learned friend, I have advised him to apply to you; 
and, if his case deserves pity, 1 know you have abundance of 
nature, making you ready to relieve the distressed ; and I flatter 
myself you have kindness enough for me to write a line or two 
in the behalf of one recommended by yours E. Vernon *.” 
« Dear Sir, Morpeth, March 15, 1728-9. 

“1 received yours of the 20th ult. with the two Drawings, for 
which I am deeply indebted to you. I should sooner have made 
my acknowledgments, but that I was afraid of being too trou- 
blesome.—I cannot but say, that, upon farther thoughts, I think 
more favourably of the conjecture I hinted to you in my last 
concerning the Stations on the Foss between Lincoln and Lei- 
cester ; for, by what I can judge, the Station near Willoughby 
will answer both for distance and every thing else very well to 
Vernometum. If the Station near Bridgeford be upon a Dunum, 
I shall still more strongly suspect it to be Margidunum ; but this 
is more than I know. I think I observed, in a large Map of 
Nottinghamshire, that a rivulet runs into the Trent not far 
from Newark. And upon the Lingula near the confluence would 
1 look for 4d Pontem; but this I submit to your better judgment, 

“1 am glad you agree with me in your opinion about the 
Sculpture at Netherby. We have, I find, also been both deter- 
mined by the same reason: only the mural crown, 1 remember, 
not to be frequent in Genii ; and Mr. Gordon has made the figure 
very much bearded, though in that he ditfers from me ; but per- 
haps 1, and not he, may be in the error. I should be well 
pleased to know how you took it in this respect, 

«1 took Netherby, when I saw it, to be a proper place for Ex- 
ploratores, and Middleby is not far from the Frith, so that it 
may perhaps do well enough as to etymology for datum Bulgium, 
if we read it so, and suppose the preposition ab to intimate its 
being beyond the estuary (which perhaps the expression a vallo 
does imply with respect to the Wall). My reasons for this con- 
jecture are too long to trouble you with at the present. How- 
ever, as Blatum Bulgium is not mentioned among the Stations 
per lineam valli, | take it for granted, that Boulness, which is 
the last Station upon the Wall, cannot be it, 

“« [ like an etymology, where it is easy and natural (as in Itv- 
nocelum) ; but, | own, I pay a much greater regard to remains 
and proper distances, which are certain matters of fact. 

“As for Mr. Gordon, and his friend Mr. Goodman, I shall, 
act a just and generous part to them; bat I know them both too 
well to suffer myself to be insulted or bullied by either. The 
work is going on as fast as it can; and I have let my Bookseller 
know how to send any of the proofs of the Plates to you, as soon 
as they are wrought off —I was agreeably surprized the other day 
to find that, after I had, by reasoning from the distances, &c. 


* Chaplain to Jobn first duke of Rutland, successively Rector of Muston 
and Redmile, co. Leic,: died 1742. See “ Hist, of Leicest,”’ I], 291, 30% 
Sre placed 


804 © ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Rutunium near Wem in Cheshire, there is a Roman 
place on the river Rodan, not a mile from Wem. The account 
you will findin Camden. Rodan and Rutun are not unlike; and 
as every thing else answers with so much exactness, I see no « 
jection against fixing Rutunium here! Mediolanum I believe to be 
between Whitchurch and Nantwich, where Coins have been found 
not long ago. Your most obliged humble servant, J. Horsetey.”” 

« Dear Docror, : Bury, April 20, 1734. 

“T was much pleased to have it under your hand that we may 
hope to see you soon. Child and I always talk of you when we 
meet. As to Sir Isaac, you know I am prejudiced (if any man can 
be) much in his favour, and Divinity is out of my depth. 
thought his making not only all Daniel's Prophecies, but all the 
others belong to the state of the Church in all reach to 
the end of the world, had been new. His fixing the Ten King~ 

loms to the years 408—411 ; his Interpretation of the Seve 
Weeks ; his determination of the times of the Birth and Passion 
of Christ, and the Harmony of the Gospels consequent there- 
upon ; his discovery of the Relation between the re and 
Temple-service ; his History of the writing it in Nero's Reign ; 
and many other things of less importance, are also new to me. 
The Chapters about the Compilers of the Books of the Old Tes- 
tament, and the Prophetic Language, do not contain much more 
than what has been observed before ; but I think they are well 
worth considering, as being drawn up with great clearness, Sir 
Tsaac’s Account of the Prophetic Style may be called a generat 
proposition formed from Mede's particular cases; and perhaps 
We may mount up to a theory still more general. Be this as it 
will, if the grand Revolution be now approaching, it is the duty 
of every one who wishes well to mankind to consider such things. 
The Christian Religion is in such a situation, that it must either 
quite fall, or be confirmed more than ever. Every honest mind 
hopes for the last, without doubt ; and { think it Hire 
hinted in many parts of both Old and New Testament, that 
will be the case. All the Revolutions that ever yet happened in 
the world are inconsiderable with respect to this. It is plain that 
God has made it and the world we live in so, that we may be 
much happier than we are if we will; and it is plain that Christ- 
ianity has hit upon the true method of making us so. This is 
both a strong confirmation of the truth of it, and the 
motive to excite every man to make it take place in its ex- 
tent as soon as possible. We may think that we want the Evi- 
dence of Miracles again; but you know Christ tells us, that 
Moses and Prophets are as convincing proofs as those, so that, 
without doubt, the only reason why they do not appear to be so 
to us is because we do not take them right. These notions, you 
see, are Sir Isaac’s, and they appeared to me worthy not only of 
him, but of the Religion itself; and I did not know that any 
one else had spoke so well of them before. You will forgive me 
for talking so much out of my province. D. Haxtrex *.” 
* A Physician at Bury, See before, p,25. 
“ Daan 


DR. HARTLEY TO DR. STUKELEY. 805 


“DearSir, Prince's-street, near Leicester-fields, Dec.19, 1735. 

«1 am very glad to find I shall have the pleasure of seeing you 
in January; and think the best thing in my situation to be, that 
I shall have an opportunity of seeing my friends, from whose 
conversation I receive pleasure and improvement, once a year 
generally. As to wealth, I hope I shall never be solicitous about it. 
It is necessary for me to have some business; but after that is to- 
Jerably secured, I hope and believe that I shall prefer going with 
the stream to labouring at the oar. In country business one’s. 
whole time is devoured in getting bread. 

«« How go your Chronological affairs on? As far as I ama 
judge, you gentlemen who have abilities and inclination to de- 
fend Revelation ought not to be idle. There seems to be a ge- 
neral doubt at least of Christianity prevailing amongst all the 
moderately learned part of the world; and some even of good 
learning and abilities are quite Infidels. I have no fears; but the 
History and Chronology of the Scriptures can never be too much 
studied, because the arguments of that kind, when once ex- 
plained rightly, are level to all capacities; and yet so convincing, 
that I think nothing can resist them. I beg pardon for talking so 
much Divinity to you. I am, with great sincerity, D. Harriey.” 

“ Dear Doctor, Prince’s-street, Jan. 1, 1735-6. 

«1 am extremely obliged by your honest and friendly Letter. 
Christianity is indeed the goodly pearl of great price. 1 am truly 
satisfied ; and I hope I shall always use my best endeavours to 
convince others of its truth and excellence. If I expressed my- 
self so as to shew any doubts, I am sorry for it ; for I have really 
none. But this I see, that, if the Friends of Revelation be not 
thoroughly upon their guard, its enemies will do a great deal of 
mischief, for the present at least, 1 have heard, since I came to 
town, that Sir Isaac used to say, that Infidelity would probably 
prevail till it had quite banished Superstition, but would then be 
swallowed up by the great Light and Evidence of true Religion. 
And I think he seems to have conjectured well upon this, no less 
than other matters. I shall be very glad to have the pleasure of 
talking over these things when you come to town. I read Locke 
and Newton till they made me read St. Paul, and now I like him 
much better than either of them, or any body else, the other 
sacred Writers excepted. Yours most sincerely, D, Harter.” 

« Dear Sir, Jan. 6, (1735-6.] 

* Tam infinitely obliged to you for your kind invitation, but 
would not (if I cared to stir from hence) live any where without 
practising physic, which I should not pretend to do in a place so 
well provided as Stamford. I have lately read the Controversy 
relating to Sir {saac’s Chro , as stated in ‘ The Republic of 
Letters ;’ and must needs think all the objections may be an- 
swered. I have heard that Dr. Cumberland has shewn by calcu- 
lation that there might be in the world as great numbers as are 
represented in the Histories of the Kingdoms of Argos and ere. 


806 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


and of the Expulsion of the Shepherds; but have never seen it, 
and think it a hard matter to prove. If 1 know any one that 
would thank me for a remark or two in defence of Sir Isaac, 
they should have them, I being at present otherwise employed in 


Physic. Dear Sir, yours most sincerely, D. eM 
London, June 7, 1745, Rawthmell’s. 
* Dear Sin, house, Henrietta-street, ecm 


“Soon after my return from Ireland, I received the favour of 
your kind present of ‘ Stonehenge ;’ which will be a great orna- 
ment of my library, and a particular honour, as it comes from 
the Author ; and I do return you my hearty thanks for it. 

~“T am going again to Ireland, in the month of August, 
having the honour to wait onthe Lord Lieutenant as his Domes= 
tie Chaplain. If at any time you have any commands in that 
country, you will do me a particular pleasure if you will honour 
mie with them. — As J hope sometimes to come to England, sol 
have not laid aside my thoughts of a Northern journey ; whieh I 
shall undertake with greater satisfaction, as 1 am sure you will 
favour me with all the hints youcan give; and I shall not despise 
even Scotland, and the Orkney Islands, where | expect to meet 
with something curious, at least in relation to their customs and 
manners ; and I shall be greatly obliged to you if you will mark 
any thing down for me which you meet with in your reading. 
Pray my compliments to your lady, and family. 1 am, dear Sir, 
your most obedient humble servant, Ricuarp Pocockse*.” _ 
“Goop Doctor, Whaddon, June 10, 1745. 

« This comes to enquire after your health and your Lady's. I 
doubt I shall not be so’great a traveller as to come your way 
again; however, pray let me hear from you; and vouchsafe to 
let me know if you are about any Antiquity-book. You have 
done great’honour to the publick ; and no one can more benefit 


the learned world. 1 drudge on, and amuse myself. » I have la-_ 


boured of late about Buckinghamshire Collections, and done 
more than I thought I should. I also have, with good suceess, 
proceeded in my Collection of our English Coins. 1 shall be glad 
of your opinion of two books lately published in that way ;. viz. 
Mr. Martin Leake’s, Clarenceux, ‘ Nummi Britannici Historia ;’ 
and Mr. Martin's folio ‘ Account of our Silver Coins ;’ both in 
1745. Ihave been still collecting our Town and Traders’ Far- 
things; and as I have furnished the University of Oxford with 
my Cabinet of above 1200, have been making a small one of 
duplicates to fill my empty tables, and fain would have some of 
Lincolnshire. I have not one left of the whole county, except 
a single piece of William Browne, of Crowland. As I enclosea 
frank, cannot you put me into it a Stamford, Grantham, or 
Boston Town or Trader's Token, or Lincoln. ‘They will come 
in a Letter; or may be left at Newport Pagnel, as, I think, your 
Stamford newspaper comes thither. I was at Newport Pagnel 

* The learned Oriental Traveller. He was at this time Archdeacon of 


Dublin; and in 1756 Bp. of Ossory ; translated, in 1765, first to Elphin, 
snd then to Meath ; and died in the same year. 
last 


BROWNE WILLIS TO DR. STUKELEY. 807 


last week, and was told that an old brasier there, who had left 
off business, had several. I wish I could purchase them if worth 
it. One Blakemore, a sadler at Newport Pagnel, if Jeft for me at 
his shop there, would send it me: three or four enclosed in a 
Frank would come:safe ; and your goodness in this respect, and: 
indulgence in pardoning this notice, will ever oblige one who is,: 
with tender of best respects to your lady and self, and wishes 
of your health, and family’s, good Doctor, 

“ Your most devoted humble servant, Browne Wituis *.” 

**Goop Docror, July 14, 1745. 

“« Lhope you got well down to Stamford, and that your lady 
and self are in good health, which I shall be glad to hear ; and 
pray pardon my seconding my request about Traders’ Tokens. I 
think] enclosed a frank, But cannot you send some for me 
to Mr. Blackmore's? If you have not opportunity of sending 
so, a Stamford Trader or Town Piece will come in a Letter; 
and pray, Doctor, favour me in this respect; who am, with 
tender of best respects to your lady and self and family, begging 
your excuse of this scrawl, your most humble servant, to com- 
mand, Brownz Wittis.” 

«* Dear Sir, Dublin, Jan. 5, 1747. 

“« After having acknowledged the favours I received from you 
at Stamford, 1 heartily congratulate you on your preferment in 
the Capital, by the distinguishing eye of the Duke of Montague. 
This must give all lovers of Learning and Antiquity a particular 
pleasure, as it will give you a greater opportunity of penne 
your observations, and obliging the world with them ; and 
hope that this is only a step to some better preferment. 

‘1 had a much more pleasant and successful journey than I 
could reasonably expect, considering the time of year; but 
the season was very fine to the last, though it was abqut two 
months after I left you before 1 came to my own house. I can 
give you an account of nothing in England but what you have 
seen, except the Pavement at Winterton, which I believe you 
will see engraved from Dr. Drake's drawing. I had a letter 
from him lately, in which he says he has been to see a third 
Pavement, discovered near the others since I was there ; which, 
I suppose, will be engraved with the others. : 

«1 do assure you, the part of Scotland I travelled through is 
very well worth seeing ; the journey from Berwick, almost all 
the way near the sea, and the Frith, is a very pleasant ride; a 
great number of fine situations are seen near the sea. You may 
be assured that I was curious enough to go on the spots of 
Preston Pans and Falkirk. The situations of Edinburgh and 
Sterling, which resemble one another, are very extraordinary ; 
and the former, especially, has a very singular appearance on 
account of the hills and rocks, which from the East seem almost 
to hang over it. The prospect from one is very pleasant in the 

’ view of the meanders of the river Forth, and from the other of 

* The celebrated Antiquary. See the ‘ Literary Anecdotes,” yol. VII, 

pp. 469, 713. “8 


808 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, © 


the Frith, of the towns on the other side of it, and the islands’ 


in it. Lord Hopeton’s, seven miles beyond eran: is one 
of the finest situations I ever beheld, on the Frith ; the house 


and offices: are to outward appearance pret ne ‘Glasgow is 
the best laid out and best built town in the King’s dominions ; 
and the country about the Clyde is very fine. int fade: 


« “ When I came over to Ireland | saw the greatest natural cu- 
riosity in the world, which surpasses the account we have of it, 
I mean, what they call the Giant’s Causeway. 1 have writ some 
account of it to a Friend, which I believe you will hear of. 
 «T find I had Stonehenge from you, though I forgot it! I had 
also Abury, and the Remarks on an Ode of Horace. 1 received: 
great-civilities from Baron Clerk, and made your its to 
him.” He is almost the only searcher into Antiquities [met with. 
“Tshalbat all times be glad of the pleasure of hearing frony 
you; and now you are in the Capital you can never want matter 


for correspondence, though I may be put to it here. by 
«Tam, ‘with great regard, Ricuarp Pococks.” — 
* Dear Docror, Dublin, Jan, 3, V754. 


«© This waits on you to wish you and yours many happy years. 

«T thank you irsbur kind present of Oriuna, Tad addinatibe 
the erudition of it. I hope we shall soon see Carausius. Your 
derivation from Ululue is very just; they call it here the Irish 
Pululu —Dr. Milles has one of the Egyptian locks. mas 

“ Your Letter of the $d of September, 1743, came under the 
Archbishop of Canterbury's frank, and 1 heard nothing of Mr. 
Haleron. — It is very easy to send you all the Carausiuses in the 
cabinets of this kingdom, for there are none ; I will look over 
mine, and see what I have, and give you an account of them. 

“* T am sure there was a colony here from Egypt, the Old Mi- 
lesians from the Nomos Miletes. I take it, when the Continent 
was in wars in the fifth and sixth centuries, people came over to” 
study, as to a place of quiet ; but I believe the learning was very 
little—We are doing nothing here; only the County of Kerry — 
is coming out. : 

« Before this year is at an end, I hope to have the pleasure of 
kissing your hand in England ; uncertain whether I shall land 
in the West, or in the North, and ‘come along the Tees, and all 
down the Eastern coast; any intimation from you would be 
very agreeable. My Western tour is to be along the Northern 
coast on the Bristol Channel; and so through the heart of 
Wiltshire. —I am, with great regard, Ricuanp Pococker.” 

** Very ReveREND, AND (WHAT 
IS BETTER) VERY GOOD Sir, Sept. 21, 1754. 

«« This is the first moment of ability I have had, to thank you 
for the very great honour and favour of your calling on me. In 
you, the Priest excels the Samaritan; your humanity and bene- 
volence shine, not only in your aspect and words, but your 
actions ; as your learning and erudition are not ostentatious, but 
genuine, and solidly useful.— When you called, I was at my re- 

poses 


DRS. POCOCKE AND HENLEY TO DR. STUKELEY. 809 


pose ; and feared also that one who attends me (I wish, you had, 
were it not for the trouble) would meet you. 

* T have been ill these eight weeks. |My disease was from an 
atrabilious, hot, saline acrimony in my blood. I am liable to 
a cachexy, scorbutic, and jaundiced ; with eruptions in my face 
and head, and a Saint Antony's fire. I wish the Saint had kept 
his fire to himself; the flames of Saints are more mischievous 
than the wicked. —1 have been purifying my blood by some 
mixture of ce sulphuris, &c. &c. My skin is generally 
smooth, and myself, thank God, healthful. I have a good 
stomach, but cannot rest well. I am very sure, an honest 
ZEsculapius would cure me soon, and no relapse. I have been 
reading Dr. Turner, Quiney, Fuller, and Surgey, about it: but 
I will not use the least mercury, I know the cause was internal, 
and is in the acrimonious humours, and that proper moderate 
physic would help ; but I am a Rationalist, and love to enqui 
into ingredients, and no Doctors will talk reason with me. 
are like Popish Priests, and demand implicit faith. I beg, dear 
Doctor, you would consider well this, and take my health under 
your guardianship. And, I have a servant, who has lived with 
me sixteen years, who, from an old contusion in her leg, is 
almost Jame. Surgeons make only johs of these things, as 
Physicians do. She has cost me a great deal of money; but, 
I doubt, she must go into the Infirmary, if she cannot come 
into a more summary cure, internal and external, without relapse, 
I wish you would be so kind and compassionate to her as to write 
for her, (Christ was a servant, and a physician ; and, I think, he 
lived upon physic. The word, in the Acts, nor is there salvation 
in any other, is, in the Greek, ‘acu, healing; and forgiving 
sins, was curing distempers, which were God's penalties for sins, 
executed by evil demons; and the word soui means the life, the 
person ; nay, sometimes it signifies a dead man.—This, by the 
bye.]—I wish I could wait on you, but my eruptions in my face 
are the only things that hinder my coming abroad, or into my 
Oratory ; which always was, is, and shall be, at your service. 

** I could send a messenger to receive what you write, if you 
condescend to do it for me and my servant. I pray God keep 
your most valuable health and life, and your good family, 1 wish 
you would make this (asking pardon for interrupting you so 
long) the object of some mature practical reflections. 1 wish I 
was in the Church to preach for you now and then , being, with 
the truest veneration, Sir, your most devoted and hearty friend 
and servant, J. Henvey *,” 

« Dear Sir, Teddington, Sept. 25, 1758. 

‘« T return you hearty thanks for so zealously interesting your- 
self in behalf of Mrs. St. Amand, who has for a great part of 
a long life been in a most distressed condition, through no fault 
of hers, but from an unkind husband. A gentlewoman in my 
house has for several years past given her yearly a guinea. She 
will now think herself very rich. Her widow-sister Warnford, 

* The well-known Orator ; see the “Literary Amecdotes,” vol. I. p. brn 

who 


810 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


who has supported her, has but 301. per annum, a il scanty 
allowance, from her husband's brother, who came to a estate 
by his death, and whe had been maintained by his brother when 
living. —The Princess has left off Sunday drawing-rooms, when she 
resides in town ; and the King’s drawing-room at St. James's, 
immediately after Divine Service, is, as I am told, very short. 
She is obliged to go every Saturday to London, in order to at~ 
tend the King’s drawing-room the next day at Kensington ; . and 
has every other Sunday a drawing-room in town, to avoid the 
coming purposely to town on a week-day. 

« Alas! too many are the causes of our dissoluteness! But the 
grand depraver of the morals of the lower people is that greatest 
of all evils, because both a natural and moral evil, drams, Were 
I sure that what I have done in relation to Ventilators, &e. &e. 
would be a means of bettering the health, and prolonging the lives, 
of an hundred millions of persons, it would not give me near the 
satisfaction that J have from the pleasing reflection of having, for 
near thirty years past, borne my public testimony in books and 
newspapers against drams eleven times ; and the Jast time, in my 
book on Ventilators, which I lately published, in which J have 
exerted myself at large, with the strongest expostulations, in 
hopes to rouse the attention and indignation of mankind against 
this mighty debaser and destroyer of the human species. And 
as there are many things in that book which will be of great be- 
nefit to mankind, so | am in hopes that the cautions | give 
against those, worse than infernal, spirits, will be the more at- 
tended to, and taken in good part. With this view I have sent 
the book to the principal Nations in Europe, as far as to Peters- 
burg, the greatest gin-shop in the world; for that Empress has 
the whole monopoly of them. And I} have, ‘for some months past, 
given orders to send 400 of that book to all our Colonies in Ame- 
rica, from Barbadoes to Hudson's Bay, sending with each parcel 
pressing letters to the several Governors against those iti 
nizing legions of evil spirits; which I cannot forbear looki 
as the third woe in the Revelations, a woe much sorer and paid) 
than the sum total of all the other woes there denounced, 

“ Ventilators are now in such esteem in our Fleet, that they 
work them incessantly night and day. 

“If, when the Princess comes to reside in town, you should 
have a call towards Duke's Court, St. Martin's Lane, on a Satur- 
day, after twelve o'clock, | should be glad to see a Fellow Col- 
legiate old acquaintance. With what a number of years have we 
been blessed beyond those of many of our contemporaries ! 
The infirmities of age will not permit me to visit you, Iam, 
Sir, your affectionate humble servant, Sreraen Hates *. 

“ Pray my respects to Mrs. Sisson and her Sister, to whom 
Mrs. Gillow in my house sends hers,” 

* This excellent Divine and very able Natural Philosopher, whilst at 
Bene’t College, Cambridge, employed his hours of relaxation in the study 
of Botany and Anatomy, in which Dr. Stukeley was his constant compa- 
nion. He was many years Minister of Teddington; where he died 
June 4, 1764, aged #4. He was one of the witnesses to Mr. ws Will. 

sETTERS 


( 811) 


Letters from the Rev. Mr. WarBuRTON — 
(afterwards Bp. of GLoucEsTER) 
to the Rev. Dr. Pattie Doppripee *. 


«REVEREND AND WoRTHY Sir, London, April 19, 1738, 

«1 found the very agreeable favour of your Letter of the 13th 
instant in London, where I am lately come for a few days. | 
can now easily forgive the Country Clergyman +; as owing to him, 
in some measure, the acquisition of such a friendship as I flatter 
myself, Sir, to reap in you.. And, though you give so polite a 
turn to that occasion, I must never suffer myself to believe that 
it was any merit in my book, but a generous indignation against 
an abandoned Jibeller, that has procured me the honour of so 
considerable a patroniser. 

«| will assure you, Sir, that, next to the service of Truth, my 
aim in writing was to procure myself the favour and friendship 
of good and learned men. So that you will not wonder that [ 
accept the friendship you are pleased to offer me in so generous 
and polite a manner, with all the pleasure that gifts most es- 
teemed amongst men are generally received. Difference of 
religious persuasion, amongst sincere professors, never was, 1 
thank God, any reason of restraining or abating my esteem for 
men of your character in life and learning. 4 

«1 have read your Proposals for ‘ The Family Expositor ;’ 
and have entertained, from the specimen, so high an opinion of 
your Notes and Paraphrase, that, had J any thing material on the 
Gospels, I should be very cautious (without affectation) of laying 
them before so accurate a Critick, notwithstanding all the tempt- 
ations I should have of appearing in so honourable a station, 
But the truth is, I have little of this kind on the Evangelists 
worth your notice, and your work is already in the press: but 
you shall be sure to command what I have on the other parts of 
the New Testament on occasion, if of any service to you, In 
the mean time, I make it my request to be admitted into, the 
list of your Subscribers ¢. I shall pay the subscription-money to 

* Large as the present volume already is, I cannot resist the pleasure 
of inserting in it a Series of Letters, so honourable both to Bp. Warburton 
and Dr. Doddridge, which should properly have been introduced with 
those to Dr. Forster in pp. 151—169. Most (but not all) of them were 
printed in 1790, in a very judicious and entertaining Collection of Letters 
to and from Dr. Doddridge, published by the Rev. T. Stedman, Vicar of 
St. Chad's, Shrewsbury. That curious volume is now rare; and I not only 
have obtained the worthy Editor's free consent to reprint them, but have 
been favoured by the loan of the Originals ; by which several additions 
are now made, which had before been omitted from motives of delicacy 
now no longer existing. : 

+ In January, 1737-8, Mr. Warburton published the first volume of 
“©The Divine Legation of Moses,’ &e. ; and in March, a Vindication of 
the Author of that Work, from the Aspersions of the Country Clergyman’s 
Letter, in the Weekly Miscellany of Feb. 14, 1737. The professed Editor 
of the Miscellany was Dr. William Webster. T. 5. 

} His name accordingly appears in that list. a 

r. 


812 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Mr. Hett *, but shall take no receipt, because I would have one 
from yourself, in order to en, you to begin a correspondence 
from which I expect to rae» nt much benefit and 
Jam greatly indebted to you, Sir, for your good prayers. I beg 
you would do me the justice to believe you do not want mine ; 
being, with the utmost esteem and sincerity, dear Sir, 
Your most affectionate humble servant, W. Wargurron.” 
« Dear Sir, Newarke-upon-Trent, May 27, 1738. ~ 
“Tt has been a it pain to me, that I had not an - 
nity before now of returning my hearty thanks for your last’ 
very friendly letter of the 22d past. It would have been a parti- 
eular pleasure to me to have taken Northampton in my way 
home: but I was under prior engagements to go by Cambridge, | 
where I stayed inuch longer than I intended, as not being 
to withstand the importunities of my Friends. So, I have been” 
‘ot home but a very little time. But I do not despair of finding 
ure and opportunity of paying my respects to you at North- 
ampton, if not this summer, yet next spring. sabi 
“© You see that wretched Writer of the Weekly Miscellany (God 
knows from what motive) goes on with themost frantic inst 
me, unawed by the public contempt and detestation. You would 
naturally imagine that he had some time or other received, or 
that he thought he had received, some personal injury from me; 
but you will be surprized to be told that I never, to my know-— 
ledge, saw him, or ever made him the subject of my conversation — 
or writing, he being always esteemed by me of too infamous a— 
character to have any kind of concern with ; for, take such a man 
at the best, suppose him sincere, and really agitated with zeal for 
Religion, it was always my opinion that the very worst rogue in 
society is a saint run mad. I can assure you, with the utmost 
sincerity, that my motive in taking any notice of him, and the 
doing it with the temper I did, was out of pure Christian charity, 
to bring him to a right mind. What has been the consequence ? 
—it has but made him the more outrageous, and unchristian, 
and insulting. His coadjutor, Venn, publicly declared that I dis- 
covered in my Vindication such a sneaking humble spirit as 
shewed plainly I was not orthodox. What then is to be done 
with these men, either for my own sake, or the sake of the pub- 
lick? they beginning to grow a nuisance to all virtue, to all 
Jearning, and love of truth. A poor young Fellow of Oxford 
did but say the other day, in a Sermon, that he thought natural 
reason discovered that God would pardon a returning sinner, and 
they fell upon hiin as the worst of heretics; he recanted, and 
they led him chained at their chariot-wheels in triumph through 
their news-papers. I have determined what to do :— having. 
thought it proper to publish a Sermon, preached two years ago 
at the Jast Episcopal Visitation for Confirmation, on 2 Peter, 
cap. i, ver. 5 and following, I take an opportunity in a Preface, 
* Mr. Richard Hett, Bookseller in the Poultry, and afterwards Trea- 
surer to the Company ofStationers. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. 
IU, p. 607. ha 
ii 


— 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE, 813 


that gives the reasons of the present publication, to draw my 
adversary in his native colours: a thing, in my opinion, very 
necessary for the good of society, and no offence to Christian 
charity sure to expose a professed persecutor. There is a Post- 
script which, I dare say, you would think there was little ocea- 
sion for, did I not tell you that there are London Divines 
who pretend to think the calumny confuted in it is none. These 
matters will be but little worth your notice. But the Sermon it- 
self may deserve it more, and, I hope, may give you some enter- 
tainment. I shall therefore take the liberty of ordering one to 
be given to Mr. Hett for you, which I beg your acceptance of, 
You see how insensibly I have entered into matters, with all the 
liberty and freedom of a Friend. 1 will make no apology for 
that, because, J dare say, it would be displeasing to you. I 
know not how, dear Sir, to make my acknowledgments for the 
many very kind things which your partiality to me puts me upon 
saying, otherwise than by assuring you of my most sincere and 
cordial esteem and affection, What I said of your specimen was 
my real sentiments; and I have the highest expectations of the 
Work, and so, I perceive, has the world; and I make no ques- 
tion of your satisfying them. I shall certainly take the first op- 
portunity of looking into Sir Isaac. ; 

«« Pray what think you of our new Cabalists? Are they more 
rational than the Jewish? Is not Hutchinson's method as much 
a disgrace to human nature as that of the Talmud? What think 
you too of the Methodists? You are nearer to Oxford. We have 
strange accounts of their freaks; and Madam Bourignon’s 
eae the French Vissionnaire, are, I hear, much inquired after 

y them, 

“1 beg my most humble service to good Mrs. Doddridge, whose 
guest I hope to have the pleasure and honour of being. My Mo- 
ther, I thank God, is well, and joins with we in our best respects 
to you both. I heartily pray God long to continue and increase 
your happiness and health, that you may go on vigourously in 
his service at a time when it wants such servants. 

“Tam, reverend and dear Sir, your most affectionate brother, 
and most obedient friend and humble servant, W. Warsvrton.” 


« Dear Sir, -Newarke-upon-Trent, Feb. 12, 1738-9. 

«T am much indebted for your last kind Letter ; and I heartily 
wish I could make the same excuse for not acknowledging it 
sooner, that you have done on the same occasiyn, But I live 
in a much less comfortable neighbourhood, and at a greater 
distance from the few friends whose acquaintance is worth culti- 
vating, But the knowledge of my friends’ happiness always re- 
lieved my own unhappiness. The kind obliging things you say to 
me would, from a Courtier, very much disgust me; but coming 
from one whose virtues and parts I have so great an opinion of 
must needs be highly agreeable to me, though I thought them no 
more than the effects of a partial friendship, and merely on that ac- 
count. 


814 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, — 


count, Every thing you say concerning the Dedication * to the 
Princess of Wales I highly approve of ; and I dare trust 
preserving the dignity that becomes an honest mam and a. 
ter of Christ. All that relates to J——m, and who he is, and 
his affair with Count Zinzendorf, and what that is, 1 am an entire 
stranger to, and should be glad of a little information in that 
matter. I have heard indeed there are Priests of Hercules 
amongst you, as well’as you know there are such amongst us. 
Last summer I was at Nottingham, and, saying there moet I 
thought fit of you, I understood you was once 
ceive that Province under your care. But Providence was hinder 
to you than to commit that peace, which is the reward and pro- 
duct of your virtues, to so turbulent a people ; and thought fit 
to punish their unchristian zeal, by depriving them of one who 
could have regulated and reformed it. } 

“ Young Fordyce ¢ has great merit, and will make a 
the world, and do honour to Professor Blackwell}, whom I = 
a great esteem for. Apropdés of this last. You may remember 
Webster abused him in the libels he wrote against me. I 
hope his charge in that particular was false, as I know all his 
others were, 

“ Manne’s § is a wild ridiculous notion, and you will do well 


to expose it |]. Sir Isaac's is much more plausible; though this _ 


great man, in Divinity and Chronology, is as much below many 
others, as he is above onde body in Motomateie and Physicks. 

“« Pray how do you like Chapman's Book er * The Moral 
Philosopher?’ He writes by order of the A.B. CY. You see he 
is civilto me. We should laugh about some circumstances in it 
were we together. Look at p. 444, and tell me whether you do 
not think something has been struck out after the first word of 
the last line but one. You see, p. 272, he goes out of his way 
to rectify an observation of ming, but very unluckily. He says, 
that ‘ what I lately said of Arnobius, as undertaking the de- 
fence of Christianity before he understood it, must be interpreted 
as to doctrines and precepts; which is not to be wondered at, 
since he wrote before he was admitted to baptism.’ Mr. Chap- 
man seems to have mistaken me every manner of way. 

First, you see, he supposes I have left it in doubt what I meant 
by Arnobius's not understanding Christianity ; but you know the 
place where I make the observation confines it to doctrine. 2. He 
supposes | made a wonder that he did not understand Christian- 
ity, whereas the wonder lay in his writing about it before he un- 

* Of “ The Family Expositor.” T.S. 

+ David Fordyce, Professor of Philosophy in the Marischal College, 
Aberdeen ; and elder brother of Dr. James Fordyce, the elegant Preacher 
to Young Men and Young Women.—Of David more hereafter. 

t Dr. Thomas Blackwell, Prineipal of Marischal College, Aberdeen. 
He. died Mareb 18, 1757.. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p 641. 

§ Master of the Charterhouse. ‘+ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. I. 1. 165. 

|| See “ Family Expositor,” V. i. 96. note (@&) 140, (a) 310, @) &e. 

§ Dr. John Potter, Archbishop of Canterbury. 

derstood 


ee 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 815 


derstood it. But, 3, I made no wonder, with regard to Arno- 
bius, at all. His case and Lactantius’s were brought only by 
way of similitude to Modern Writers, who write about it before 
they understand it. These indeed I blame, because no one who 
does not understand it can write a good defence of it against 
Modern Pagans. But I blamed not the ancient Apologists, be- 
cause they might, and did, write good defences without under- 
standing it. You see the reason, p. 291, note (u).—So this was 
an unlucky stroke of this Critie. But what think you of his de- 
fence of the contested passage of Josephus? for that is against 
me too. Did you ever see such an interpretation put upon poor 
AYTOY before? Do you now think the world will lose much 
when Bentley and Hare are gone *—but observe how the latter 
end of his criticism has forgot the beginning. At first he says, 
‘ To insist upon it stiffly as a testimony unquestionable might be 
thought no great argument of modesty, wisdom, or impartiality.’ 
But at last he says, ‘1 think with all this evidence we might 
join [or agree with] the great Js. C.G.1.V. & L, in ascribing 
it posiriveLy to Josephus.’ But, I believe, you will not so ea- 
sily pardon an insinuation against me, in this note, contained in 
these words: ‘To give it up entirely as spurious—caterty, 
because it speaks so strongly in our favour—seems to be a de- 
gree of COMPLAISANCE TO OUR ENEMIES and UNKINDNESS TO 
OUR FRIENDS by no means necessary by the true principles of 
Freeruinkrne or the laws of rncenurry.’ You see whiat fol- 
lies the writing for any men, or any cause but Truth, makes 
people commit against honesty and charity. But all this in your 
ear as a friend ; for I dare say the Author thinks me under much 
obligation to him for his civilities ; and I never love to stifle the 
smoaking flav, or the least disposition towards peace and friend- 
ship.—I have seen an abstract of Mr. Leland’s Answer, and it 
seems exactly to correspond with the character you gave of it, 

«‘ Your Eight Sermons * were extremely acceptable to me on 
many accounts. I have a favourite Nephew, to whose use [ par- 
ticularly design them. It is my way, after I have read a book, 
to give the general character of it in some celebrated lines or 
other of ancient or modern Writers. I have characterized the 
Author and his Sermons, in these two lines on the blank leaf 
before the title-page : 

* O Friend! to dazzle let the vain design ; 
To mend the heart, and raise the thought, be thine +.’ 

** Now we are upon Poetry, my Mother desires her best re- 
spects to you and Mrs. Doddridge, and thanks you for the 
charming little Hymn you sent her. She has got it transcribed, 
T do not know how often, into a larger hand. It is not only the 
language of the heart, but the language of a poetic heart. 

“You cannot oblige me more than communicating to me the 


* © Sermons to Young People.” T.S. 
+ “Ab, Friend! to dazzle let the vain design ; 
To raise the thought, or touch the heart, be thine.” Pope.—T. S. 
most 


816 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


most plausible objections against my scheme ; which I ema ee 0 
glad of, not for your instruction, but for my own, They will — 
be of use to me. I have seen Mr. Leland’s reasons, -Mor-— 
gan, for the Jews having a Future State. ‘They are the common 
arguments employed for that purpose. Divines metre ‘ 

confused conception of this matter which 1 do not doubt to — 
clear up to your satisfaction. 

“I make no doubt but you have seen Mr. De Crousaz’s Critique: 
on Pope's ‘ Essay on Man.’ I have defended our great Poet, as — 
you will see, in some of the late Numbers of the ‘ History of the - 
Works of the Learned ;' but my name isa secret. I th Mr. © 
De Crousaz * maliciously mistaken ; and I thought it of service | 
to Religion, to shew our Libertines that so noble a Genius was 
not of their party ; which delusion they have affectedly embraced. — 

“I have nothing particular to remark to you about the texts 
you refer to; only as to John vii. 22. ‘ Moses therefore gave 
you cireumeision (not because it is of Moses, but of the Fathers); — 
and ye on the Sabbath-day circumcise a man.’ It may be asked, 
why Jesus used the words in the parenthesis to the Jews, who 
well knew that God ordered all Abraham's posterity should be— 
circumcised at eight days old! I reply, it was to obviate an ob- 
jection that might be urged, to this t :—* How came cireum- 
cision to be ordered on a certain day, which must needs occasion 
a violation of that strict rest enjoined on the Sabbath? Here the 
answer is admirable, Had Moses enjoined both one and the other, 
he probably would not have fixed the day of circumcision ; but it 
was ordered by another covenant, which Moses could not disannul, - 
St. Paul (Gal. iii. 17.) considers these as two different covenants. 
This raises our idea of the wisdom of God's providence. Had 
Circumeision and the Sabbath been both enjoined by Moses, it 
would have seemed fit, in order not so apparently to contradict 
the law about the rest of the Sabbath, to have relaxed the law 
about circumcision on the eighth day: but that relaxation would 
have been productive of great mischiefs ; therefore circumcision 
was given by another covenant, and confirmed only by this. You 
see, I suppose, the Sabbath to be entirely a Mosaical Rite. Ido 
so as a day of rest, not as aday of devotion+. 1am going on, 
as fast as my health will permit, with my Work. I desire your 
prayers for me, not only on this account, but for my general 
welfare. You never want mine. I wish that you would give so 
large a liberty of correction at the press. When I see your book, 
the reading of it may perhaps awaken some hints in me that may 
be worth while communicating to you against a Second Edition. 

“ Tam, dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and brother, 

W. Wansurron.” 
« Dear Sir, Cambridge, April 4, 1739. 

*« | write to you amongst a strange mixture of entertainments 
and study, between the College-Halls and Libraries. The necessity 

e itd of Philosophy and Mathematicks in the Academy of Lau- 
sane. . 

+ See Doddridge’s “ Family Bape note (g) on Jobn vii. 22. T. S, 


& 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 817 


of consulting books only to be met with here, has brought me 
to Cambridge ; but my long nights in company make my morn- 
ings by myself so very short, that I am likely to return as wise as 
Icame; which will be in a few days. Before J left the pace 
I had the pleasure of receiving your ‘ Family Expositor.’ My 
Mother and I took it. by turns. She, who is superior to me in 
every thing, aspired to the divine learning of the Improvements, 
while I kept groveling in the human learning in the Notes below. 
‘The result of all was, that she says she is sure you are a very 
good man, and I am sure you are a learned one. I sat 
down to your Notes with a great deal of malice, and a deter- 
mined resolution not to g you; and, let me tell you, a man 
who comments on the Bible affords all the opportunity a caviler 
could wish for. But your judgment is always so true, and your 
decision so right, that | am as unprofitable a reader to you as 
the least of your flock. A friend of mine, Dr. ee never 
(M. D.) who has seen your book, desires to be a 
you will be so good to order a book to be icf for ion at Mr, 
Gyles's, he has orders to pay for it. J have taken the Jiberty to 
inclose two or three papers of Proposals; just now offered to the 
publick by my friend Dr. Middleton for his ‘ Life of Tully.’ 
“ ] am, dear Sir, your very affectionate friend and 
W. Wannurrow.” 
“ Dear Sir, Brent-Broughton, Aug. 18, 1789, 
“T have the favour of yours of the 19th of May to acknow- 
ledge. 1 will take it as Tully did the Roman History (who 
wanted to be at his dear Consulship) at the wrong end: and 
for Tully's reason, because there is waniine there more inte- 
resting ; and that is the agreeable news you are so good as to 
give me of the birth of a son, and of good Mis Mrs. Doddridge’s 
being ina fine way of recovery. -Provi you, as it 
blessed its prime favourites the Patriarehs: for he ‘ parc you, 
as he knew Abraham, that you ‘will command your children 
and your household after you to keep the way of the Lord.’ To 
such, and only to such, children are a blessing. lam sorry to 
hear you have been ill since I wrote my last; but am glad I 
heard not of it till I heard of your recovery along with it. 
What you.say of your success in your ministry and academical 
capacity gives me infinite pleasure on your account. And it is 
impossible the Author of the ‘Free Thoughts,” &c. should 
meet with less; or, he who observes the directions there laid 
down, As for that blasphemous fellow Morgan *, he is, I think, 
below my notice, ony farther than to shew my great contempt 
of him occasionally. Besides, I ought to leave him to those 
who are paid for writing against him. 
“ You judge right that the next volume of ‘ The Divine Lega- 
tion’ will not be the last. I thought I had told you, that I had 
divided the work into three parts. The first gives a view of Pa- 


* Author of “The Moral Philosopher.” See the various passages referred 
to in the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. VII. p. 276. v 
VOL. 11. 3G ganism; 


818 © ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


anism; the second of Judaism ; and the third of a 
You will wonder how this last inquiry can come into’ 
an argument as that which I undertake to inforce. 1 have not 
room at present to tell you more than this—that, to leave neither 
doubt nor obscurity in the argument, after I have proved a future 
state not to be in fact in the Mosaie dispensation, I next shew 
that, if Christianity be true, it could not possibly be there. And 
this necessitates me to explain the nature of Christianity, with 
which the whole ends. But this inter nos. If it be known, I 
should possibly have somebody writing against this part too be- 
fore it appears. | tat bind 
. Your kind and friendly advice to mind my business is very 
seasonable, when one naturally grows tired of an old su 
‘and has not’ met with that return from one’s friends whi 
amight expect. But I would not have you think that any of the 
Letters against Crousaz cost me more than two or three hours inan 
evening. Mr. Pope has desired they may be collected, and printed 
together. I have therefore complied with the Bookseller, who 
is now reprinting them in the size of Mr. Pope's duodecimo vo- 
‘lumes, and 1 suppose they will come out in Michaelmas Term. — 
“« | desire you would put down the Rev. Mr. Philip Yonge*, 
Fellow of Trinity College in Cambridge, a subscriber to your 
“Family Expositor ;' and to contrive that he may have the 
first volume sent him, either from Northampton or London. It 
need only be directed as above, for he is well known, being the 
‘principal Tutor in his College.—A passage in St. Luke comes 
mto my head,-which I hope will not come too late for your use; 
‘in which, 1 think, we have one of the most illustrious instances 
vof the divine address of Jesus in his disputings with the Priests; 
and which I do not find the Commentators take notice of ; (Chap- 
ter xx.) ‘As Jesus taught in the Temple, the chief priests and 
the scribes came to him with their elders, and ‘asked him by 
what authority he did those things?’ To this Jesus replies by 
another question, ‘ Was the baptism of John of heaven, orof 
men ?’ They answered they could not tell whence it was. * Nei 
ther,’ says Jesus, ‘ tell I you by what atithority I do these things” 
This is generally esteemed a mere evading the question, and 
taking advantage of their inability of answering him to refuse to 
answer them ; a shift quite below the dignity of. his divine’cha- 
racter. . It had been more decent to have denied answering at 
‘first. But the fine address seems not to be taken. The-answer 
was a satisfactory one on the Chief Priest's own principles. Ob- 
serve how the case stands: “ The Chief Priests and the Seribes 
eame to him as he was teaching in the Temple.” They were, 
without all question, a deputation from the Sanhedrim, who 
either had, or were then universally allowed to have, the right 
of inquiring into the eredentials of all who pretended to come 
from God: or, to try the spirits of the Prophets. Here then 


* Afterwards Bishop of Norwich. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” 
vol. IX. p. 487. 


a 


MRS WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 819 


was the dilemma. Jesus professed to submit to the established 
authority, and yet it was too early to own his Messiahship. 
What was to be done? Why, with an address and presence of 
mind altogether divine, he asked them about the authority of 
John, who pretended to be a messenger from God, and his fore- 
runner. But they, not owning his authority, and yet, for fear 
of the people not daring expressly to disclaim it, they answered 
‘ they could not tell whence his authority was,’ This was the 
point Jesus watched for; and we are to suppose him answering 
them in this convincing manner: ‘ If you come from the Sanhe- 
drim, whose authority 1 acknowledge, to inquire into my mis- 
sion, I apprehend that there is no necessity, even on'the princi+ 
ples of the Sanhedrim, for that body to come to a determination 
in the point ; for the mission of John, who was before’ me, ‘is, 
it seems, a question yet undetermined in that body; why then 
should not mine? Besides, John professed himself the forerun= 
ner of me. Order and equity therefore require, that his preten- 
sions be first examined, if the examination be necessary; and 
till these two objections be removed, I may, without any disobe- 
dience to the authority of the Sanhedrim, decline telling you by 
what authority I do these things*.” LANE Bb. id 

‘J received your excellent Sermon on the Fire at Welling- 
borough.—With my humble service to Mrs, Doddridge, I am, 
dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and humble servant,’ °° 

W. Waxnsurtow!® 
» © Dear Sir, July 1, V740% 

*T bave been long a debtor for your obliging favour of the 
16th of February past. But I have been about two months in 
London since that time, where I was in a constant hurry ; ‘and 
this threw meso much back that Ihave been as busy since I came 
home. The truth is, you:and 1 are not on the foot of ceremony ; 
therefore I trespass upon you in a manner I would not do toa 
common acquaintance. I hold myself peculiarly unlucky. .We 
were within a very little of one another this spring at Oakham ; 
where your person and talents drew the’ particular regard of 
strangers, and by that means I accidentally heard you had just 
then been there. But Mr. Pope and | have laid a kind of scheme 
for meeting at Oxford the latter end of the summer; and, if 
that holds, I shall be wise enough not to neglect taking North- 
ampton in my way.—I should say, were I not part of the subject 
of the Epigram, that it was as good a one as ever was made ; 
and why may I not say it though J am ? 

** The second volume of ‘ The ‘Divine Legation’ goes slowly 
on; but I hope to have it out next winter. 1 am impatient, and 
my Mother is more so, for the Second Volume of your ‘ Exposi- 
tor.’ She has read your first three or four times over; yet was 
very unwilling to lend it lately for a month to a gentleman, 
whom she thinks ought rather to have bought one. But those 
who ¢ake up their Religion on trust are generally for borrowing 


* See Doddridge’s “ Family Expositor,” note (/) on Luke xx, 8. T.S. 
: 362 their 


820 _ ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, — 


their Learning. I have received the kind present of 

on the Fast ; and it is, what I am accustomed to find your 

‘anexcellent one. The paragraph concerning per mee 

dence of the Jews I particularly attended to. You 

right. You speak with some diffidence. I hope to shew you 

might have spoke more positively. The circumstance of multi- 

plying chariots and horses, the Bishop of Sarum* will be pleased 

with, It is a favourite point with him. eae 
‘Tam much obliged to you for the relation of Count Zinzen- 

“dorf. I find he is a perfect enthusiast ;_so that I have very little 


Sketch ‘ 
enough of you to be assured must be excellent. The studies of 
Siersnnity sak Disietiy,; do Lash eumm your dinkat thea 
‘two barriers to Fanaticism and Irreligion. You may. believe, 
therefore, I much to have a particular account of them. 
And you do me but justice in considering me, as you say you do, 
when you write to me, as your entire friend. 

_ © That I consider you as such, you will perceive by what I am 
going to tell you. Young Mr. Fordyce, whom you mentioned 
to me once in a letter, came to me two ago in London, as 
from Professor Blackwell, whom I think he called his relation ¢ ; 
‘on which account I received him with great civility and open- 
ness; introduced him into good company; and he was by no 
means backward in making acquaintance. But I was no sooner 
gone, than he used me in a very indecent manner before this 
very company, to which on my score he had been welcome : who 
therefore withdrew their countenance and acquaintance from 
him. When Dr. Middleton came to town the year after, this 


young gentleman accidentally in the street, who accosted me in 
the free manner I had indulged him in. But then, having been 
informed of his behaviour, I treated him with pee om 
‘and, after walking with him the length of the street, parted from 
chim. A year and half ago, I received a kind but com 
Jetter from Professor Blackwell, that he heard not from me, 
that he feared 1 had forgot him: which letter I immediately an- 
- swered in the friendly manner it deserved. Since that time I 
‘have never heard from him; so am a litte suspicious of his 
pupil's having done some ill office between us; for, if he would 
use me thus freely with m mp sata acquaintance in London, 
what might one not expect from his representation at so great a 
distance, where his falsehoods could not be easily detected? If 
you hold any correspondence with Professor Blackwell, I should 


* Dr. Benjamin Hoadly, translated shortly after to Winchester. 
+ Professor Blackwell was his uncle. 


be 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 821 


be much obliged to to give him a representation of this 
case ; not by = of compielod from’a friend, but caution to one*, 
««T am, dear Sir, with my own and my Mother’s best respects 
to you and Mrs, Doddridge, your most affectionate;friend, bro- 
ther, and faithful humble servant, W. Warsurton.” 
« Dear Sir, » Feb.2, 1740-1. 
«T had the pleasure of yours of the 22d past, after a very 
Jong and unkind silence, 1 did not hear of your illness, and ara 
glad I did not till now the same news brought me an account 
of your recovery. I will, in my turn, force you to a speedy 
answer ; for I desire the favour of you, that you would send 
me all the texts both in the Old and New Testament, that you 
know, either to be urged by others, or that you yourself think 
have any weight, towards proving that a future state was taught 
in the Mosaic dispensation. It will be necessary for me to exa- 
mine those texts; and I myself can find so few in the Bible, that 
T suspect the point T have to maintain nas me so as to hin- 
der my discernment. This therefore will be of great use to me ; 
and I do not know any one more capable of giving me this as- 
sistance, But, to shorten the trouble I give you, you need only 
mark the texts in a list, except where the inference from the 
texts is so fine, that you may reasonably suspect I cannot see it, 
The sooner you do this, the greater will be the favour, Nor need 
you mark who it is that employs each text in this argument, 
for I donot intend to take any particular notice of any.one on this 
head.—You are the first that gives me the agreeable news of your 
Second Volume. But that it has not yet been delivered rg 
Bookseller is very certain. Now I know it is published, I shalt 
take care to for it ; and make no doubt bai it will afford us 


received with great steteates and she charges me to make her 
compliments on this occasion. 

“Tam glad you think any hints I gave you worthy of appear- 
ing in so valuable a work, You were master of them in what 
manner you thought fit, and you used me with too much ce- 
remony and deference. I have reason to ask your pardon for 
being freer with your name than you would choose to be with 

* Dr. Doddridge in answer to the above ; taken from his short band on 
the back of Mr. Warburton’s letter: “I saw Mr, Fordyce the very day 
after I received your account. And though J did not think it proper to read 
him your letter, [ could not: forbear hinting what related to him in it. 
He assured me, that the gentleman who represented what he said of 
after you left the , must have misunderstood him. And i 
he has always spoke of you ‘in so respectful a manner to me and 
else, where I could trace the conversation, that I hope it was a 
But, if it were not, I beg you would forgive him, and place it to my ace 
count. And though I shall never have an opportunity of forgiving ir 
any thing, I will endeavour to make it out another ways by loving you, if 
Ican, so much the better,” T. 8. 


ne 


mine; 


§22) “ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


mine} for I had occasion to quote a: of yours of a pas~ 
sage in the Evangelists. But the truth was, I wanted 
rity to.support what T'was upon, and you ‘had no want of mine, 
“Tam ar age sagem ra the ‘Bishop of Sarum’s Fourth’ 
Dissertation: will a very agreeable thing to him; for it 
isa favourite point with him. I have in the Second Volume 
had occasion to speak of the prohibition of Cavalry, perpen 
ina manner he will like so well 1 know not: though I think IT 
have made it appear the Israelites could never have conquered 
Canaan from the seven nations by human force alone, with 
Infantry. But I give other momentous reasons for the 
tion, besides ing the divine power. . ar) acodas 
“J have some thoughts of going to London this sprite, and 
will, if possible, take Northampton in my way; but I desire that 
nuty be no reason for your deferring to send mea sketch of what 
I have long desired, for my own improvement, to see. 
** What you say about Mr. Fordyce is extremely 
could easily do much greater matters for you than forgetting: 
treatment I complained of. I therefore heartily — it, and 
desire you would assure him of my esteem and best respects. 
But, ,as trifling as what I give, and what you ask is, that you may 
not.think it to be altogether nothing, I can assure you I have rea- 
son to be as confident of the fact, as if I myself had heen an eye 
and. ear-wituess of it. But he is a very young man, and sucha slip: 
is pardonable enough, as soon as ever one begins to be sensible of it. 
** And now, dear Sir, | am to thank you for your ot ee 
and obliging concern for my reputation. What you observe 
that.absurd account of my First Volume in ‘ The Works vf the 
Learned,’ is exactly true. I believe there never was so nonsen= 
sical a piece of stuff put ee But the Journal in general is 
a most miserable one: and, to the opprobrium of our 
we have neither any better, nor, 1 believe, any other. And that 
this will never grow better 1 dare be confident, but by suehan- 
accidental favour as this you design it *, I altogether approve of 
* Extract from a Letter of Dr. Doddridge to Mr Warburton :—. 
now, Sir, I will tell you what J meant by extorting an answer [tis 
Tam far from being pleased with the manner in which the Extracts from 
Books are generally made in ¢ The Works of the Learned,’ and other 
monthly papers of that kind, I think it would be more for the credit of 
our Nation abroad, and the improvement of it at home, that these ac- 
counts should be a kind of Abridgement of the most material thin; 
tained in books of importance ; which might give those who have never 
read them some idea of their contents, and revive in those who have 
read them, an impression of their most material passages. This is what 
I would especially wish, where so valuable a book as yours is in question. 
And though where every thing is so charming as this second volume will 
be, if it be like the first, it is difficult to know what to omit, and conse+ 
quently how to abridge it; yet, if you please to trust me, I will do ee 
and, busy as f am, will in two or three successive articles give 
abstract of it, as may do it the least wrong ; and, till some seer | 
it can be made, give the learned world abroad the justest notion of its’ 
design, which so, narrow limits will permit. Now, if you think this 
little piece of friendship worth your acceptance, I beg you would a. me 
> now, 


MR. WARBURTON TO. DR. DODDRIDGE. 823 


the method you propose to take in abstracting it; and Robinson*, 
1 dare say, will not have the impudence to alter a word: I am sure 
T would not ; and. therefore my seeing it before he prints it will 
be needless. I will take care you shall have acopy sent you before 
publication. I propose to have it out about Easter: and yet, to 
my shame, I must tell you, though it consists of three books, the 
first is not yet entirely printed ; and the far greatest part of the 
other two I have not yet composed. To let you into this mystery ; 
1 must acquaint you with my faults and imperfections, the com- 
mon occasion of all prophane mysteries. 1am naturally very 
indolent, and apt to be disgusted with what has been any time 
in my hands or thoughts. When I published my First Volume, 
1 intended to set about the remainder immediately; but found 
such a disgust to an old subjeet, that I deferred it from month 
to month, and year to year; till at length, not being able to 
conquer my listlessness, I was forced to have recourse to an old 
expedient — that is, begin to set the press on work, and so 
oblige myself unavoidably to keep it a-going. I began this 
project last year, but grew weary again before I had half got 
through the first book: and there it stuck till just now, when I 
set it a-going again; and have absolutely promised the Book- 
seller to supply him constantly with copy, till the whole volume 
is printed, and to get it through by Lady-day. So that now I hurry 
through it ina strange manner; and you may expect to find it 
as incorrect as the former+, and for the same reason. Yet I had 
resolved against serving this volume so; and still my evil nature 
prevailed, and I find at length it is in vain to strive with it, 

«I take no pride, I will assure you, in telling you my infirmities, 
1 confess myself as to a friend without any manner of affectation, 
And that you may see it is so, I would not have you think that 
natural indolence alone makes me thus play the fool. Distrac- 
tions of various kinds, inseparable from human life, joined with 
a naturally melancholy habit, contribute greatly to increase my 
indolence, and force me often to seek in letters nothing but 
mere amusement. This makes my reading wild and desultory : 
and I seek refuge from the uneasiness of thought from any book, 
let it be what it will, that can engage my attention. There is 
me one whose good opinion I more value than yours; and the 


know, and that you would order the second volume in sheets to be sent 
me as soon as it is printed off; at the same time letting the Author of this 
aper know, that the affair is lodged in my hands, and consequently that 
is to wait for the first article from me, which I will dispatch as soon as 
possible.” T. S, : ; 

%* Jacob Robinson, Bookseller in Fleet-street. 

+ “ The Bishop grew very exact and critical in giving the later Editions 
of his Works, so that he would review the same sheet several times, and 
of course gave the compositor no small trouble: which made his learned 
Printer, Mr. Bowyer, whom he much esteemed for his friendly qualities, 
as well as merit in his profession, say pleasantly to him on a certain oc- 
easion, ‘ Those were fine times, when you never blotted a line, but allowed 
me to print your copy as fast as it came to hand, and without interrup- 
tion.’” Bp, Horo, 
marks 


824 | ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. — 
marks you give me of it make me so vain, that I was resolved to 


humble myself in eethy rents confession. og pore 


writing upon subjects, you would naturally imagine, they afford 
pnw re ek parr wy a ly. ee 
iene amused myself much in human ning, to wear away 
the tedious hours inseparable from a melancholy habit. But no 
earthly thing gives me pleasure, but the ties of natural relation, 
and the friendship of good men. And for all pene 1 
I have no notion of such a thing, but in the prospects Revealed 
Religion gives us. You see how I poms y= arte as if you was my 
pont se You are in a more sacred relation to me regard 
you as my Friend. 

« It gives me pleasure to hear, Mrs. Dodaridge is likely to-es- 
cape the small pox, and the more so, as you tell me the 
has been so fatal. We have it now, and have had it for some 
time, in the village from whence I write; for, er 
are directed to Newark, in this neighbour hood, 1 reside perpe- 
tually upon my Rectory. About forty have had the distemper, and 
all recovered but two, who, without my knowledge, ee 
Apothecary, who soon did their business. But I have 
care for the future, that those who die of it shall die a natural 
death. The very same case here three years ago. The 
same number then had it, but two died, and of the same 
distemper—the aera You will judge by this, Lam in a 
ipoed dr, The place stands between a low and an high country; 
the different airs sof which are here so excellently cpm shat 
it keeps the place in health. 

«J have heard of * Lowman's Book on the Civil Government 
of the Hebrews, but have not seen nor-read it, and decline 
60 till this subject be out of my hands for many reasons. His 
on the Revelations I never heard of. 1 am much obliged to you 
for the recommendation of Mr. Grove's Sermons. an 

«*My Mother, I bless God, continues in a tolerable state of 
health, I am glad you have been at the Princess's Court. The 
manner of your reception was not to be questioned. You did 
wisely in providing against the offer of a present. It was infi- 
nitely below you. 

«« Dr. Taylor is an eminent Physician, and very much. 
servant. But this puts me in mind to ask you whether the Rew, 
Mr. Yonge, a tutor in Trinity College, Cambridge, had your First 
Volume sent him, as he directed by my letter to you some time 
ago, and whether his name was put in the List of Subscribers 
to the Second; and likewise whether you have received any 

yments of him, of Dr. Taylor, or me; and what is due, iat 
Pi may take eare to collect them, and transmit them to you. 
best respects to Mrs. Doddridge. I long much to see 4 
both, and it shall go hard with me, but I will see you this sum- 
mer, if it please God. 1 am, dear Sir, your most affectionate 
brother aud friend, and faithful humble servant, 

W, Wansurrow.” 
“Dean 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 825 


Dear Sir, il 22, 1741. 
»  T deferred acknowledging your last favour ti meet oe 
ther and I had read your Second Volume. The greatest thing I 
can say of it is, that it is equal to the first; and the truest thing 
T can say of both, that they surpass any thing of the kind. You 
will receive in a very little time my Second Volume. I have 
wrote to Robinson as you directed concerning the Extracts. 
When you see the book, you will find what a trick I have been 
played: in the most impudent piece of plagiarism that perhaps 
ever was known at any time. The story is so Se ener to me 
that I cannot think of telling it twice. You see it in an 
advertisement prefixed. Pray give it in some proper place one 
stroke of your pen. The man has foolishly rained his character. 
But what then? The proving him ascoundrel is putting him in 
the way to thrive. It is a Gentleman too, and of condition, one 
Coventry, author of ‘ Philemon to Hydapses,’ to whom I shewed 
some sheets, and he has stolen my general plan of the Hierogly- 
phics, &e. in a quarto conversation just published. You will 
wonder I should let such a sort of Writer see any thing of mine. 
But suspend your censure till 1 tell you the whole history when I 


see you. 

“The Author of ‘ Theophanes Cantabrigiensis’ is a young man 
whose name is Squire, Fellow of St. John's of that University. 
All I have seen of Morgan is in that pamphlet; and for my part 
T am amazed that any one should think it worth while to answer 
the most senseless and abandoned scribbler that ever came from 
Bedlam or the Mint. It seems Mr. Chandler either has or will 
answer him, being provoked and challenged to it by Morgan; 
who gets his bread by this infamous practice. You have seen 
Middleton's Tully. ‘The last section is a strange superficial 
thing. His account of the Academic Sect and Tully's sentiments 
are opposed to mine; for which reason he shewed it me in ma- 
nuscript. I only desire mine and his may be always read together. 
He gives an account of the Academy from the Apologies of the 
Academics themselves ; and by the’same way I could aequit the 
Pyrrhonians themselves of Scepticism. I say they pretended to 
search for the probable, in order to determine their judgment, 
‘but never found it. He says they did find it. Lucian thought 
otherwise, who, in his ‘ True’ History,’ speaking of the Happy 
Islands, and how they were peopled from this world, says, the 
ancient Greek Sects were all to be found there except the New 
Academy ; who still stuck in the neighbourhood, and obstinately 
refused to set one foot in the Island: for truly they had not yet 
found it probable whether it was an Island or no. 

«« My best'respects and my Mother's to good Mrs. Doddridge, 
conclude me, dear Sir, your most affectionate brother and friend, 

W. Warsurton.” 
«Dear Sir, May 12, 1741. 

“ T have a great many thanks to make ” for your obliging 
letter of the 27th past. 1 beg you would be so good to take a 
place for me in the Northampton coach for Wednesday the 27th 

instant. 


$26 | ILLUSTRATIONS OF. LITERATURE. 


instant. J propose to be at Kettering on Monday the 25th at 
noon, andshould be extremely obliged to you for a seat in your 
chair, that | may send my horses from Kettering. 
_ 1 hope you have received the sheets from Mr. Gyles, or the 
greater ste a — You will find by the conclusion, ’ 
was sO in the beginning concerning Hieroglyphics, 
‘They afford me ssivraypasinaapealed mune settling two most 
important points, the command to Abraham, and the nature of the 
double senses of Prophecies. ‘Yhe first has been long the i 
block of Infidelity. The other, on which the Messiahship of Jesus 
depends, -has, with a’strange degree of rashness and madness, 
been given-up by some pretended advocates for Christianity: par+ 
ticularly by Dr. Sykes, in a late Book*, which I take to be in all 
respects the very’ worst he ever wrote. Besides his attack on 
double senses, which I have examined, he had alittle fing at 
account of the Philosophers in the first volume: which 1 
animadverted on in a Postseript at the end of the Appendix 
a Lawyer who wrote a Book about a Future State, believed by the 
Ancients}. This is a man of fortune, and it is well he | 
for I have spoiled his trade as a Writer; and, as he was both very 
abusive, free-thinking, and anonymous, I have not to 
expose his ignorance and ill-faith. As for Dr. Sykes, | bad in 
the first edition of my first volume hinted my disapprobation of 
that miserable Discourse on the Demoniacs, .I did not then Know 
he was the Author, Being afterwards informed of it by some of 
his friends, who complained of it, 1 struck the passage out of the ~ 
second edition. It appears this did not satisfy Dr. Sykes. He 
would have his revenge; ‘and you see what it is come to. I was 
only amazed he could not say something more plausible and more 
learned against my opinion of the Philosophers. It is certainly 
that part of the first volume against which most might be said. 
“When I hear you complain of the want of Governinent in your 
Academy, it only puts me in mind of the Miser, who, as his 
endless stores increase, keeps terrifying himself with the fears of 
want. Ihave just received a visit froma French gentleman of 
Paris, whom | could not prevent giving himself the trouble of 
a journey into Lincolnshire by all I could say. He appears to be 
an extraordinary person; a man of large fortune and an Advocate 
of the Parliament of Paris; though a zealous Roman Catholic, yet 
the most reasonable one | have ever met with. He has translated 
The Alliance and the first volume of The Divine Legatiun into 
French, under the title of The Connerion between Religion, Poli- 
ties, and Morality, and has thrown them into ten Dissertations; 
and, what is most extraordinary, the two last contain my discourse 
of The Alliance, together with long quotations from Bossuet, &c. 
He tells me my principles differ very little from those of the 
maintainers of the Liberty of the Gallican Church. This will 
make you laugh, and fortify you in your conteropt of the princi- 
* “The Principles and Connexion of Natural and Revealed Religion,” 
+ Jobn Tillard, Esq. See some account of him in the “ Literary Anee- 
dotes,” vol. Il. p, 1545 vol. V. pp. 572. 582. 613. ples 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 827 


ples of The Alliance. How-unlucky was I that The Alliance was 
not wrote when the late Archbishop* entertained that wise project 
of an union with the Gallican Church, in which he and some 
Doctors.of the Sorbonne had proceeded so far as to agree on pre= 
liminary articles; one of which I remember was, leaving the 
matter of the real presence undetermined. One of the most re- 
markable effects of this project was Courayer’s writings and ba- 
nishment +. However, he has got more by coming here than he 
could have got in peace at home: and much more by writing 
for our Ordination than he would have got by writing for our 
Faith, But, to be sure, he deserves it all by so much endeavouring 
in all his writings to give us a good opinion of moderate French 
Popery ; a security I suppose against our falling in love with the 
worst kind of Popery, the English. Mine and my Mother's best 
respects to you and Mrs. Doddridge concludes me, dear Sir, your 
most affectionate friend and very humbleservant, W.WarBurTon.” 
« Dear Sir, May 28, 1741. 

“« This day sevennight Mr. Gyles gave Mr. Fowler himself the 
remaining sheets, which I suppose you have received by this 
time. After an extremely fatiguing Journey in the stage coach 
with very indifferent company, increased by worse taken up on 
the road, I reached Mr, Gyles’s between eight and nine last night. 

“T have abundance of thanks to return for the very friendly 
entertainment I met with at Northampton, from you and your 
excellent lady. I must tell you frankly, you have more happiness 
than comes to the share of one man, and to make it the more 
exquisite, of several kinds, Providence has treated you with a 
feast of many courses: which none but a good Levite under the 
old law, when the dispensation was exact, could fairly pretend 
to. That you may long enjoy every part of it, especially ‘ that 
last and best—which shares and doubles all the rest,’ is the 
earnest prayer of, dear Sir, your most affectionate brother and 
friend, W. Waxsvurron.” 

“« Dear Sir, London, June 6, 1741. 

“TL received your kind letter of the 31st past, on my coming 
from Twickenham with Mr. Pope, whither I am just now return- 
ing. Iam delighted to hear of. your purpose of meeting me at 
Cambridge, and shall certainly let you know the precise time of 
my going thither; which yet I cannot possibly determine, Mr, 
Pope pe 9 I having several small excursions to make of uncertain 
motion. 

“I received a letter the other day from Dr. Taylor, who lets 
me understand the high satisfaction he took in his journey to 
Northampton, and his acquaintance with you; and, how the 
evening after he left you, he had that pleasure contrasted by a 
very different sort of man, one Stukeley t of Stamford, a Doctor 
too in his way. 

* Dr. William Wake. 

+ See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. VIT. p. 96. 

t Did the worthy Antiquary deserve this unkind reflection, either from 
Dr, Robert Taylor or Mr. Warburton ? I think 

“ t i 


828  . ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE.’ 


* I think here is no literary news. . But J can tell you of a cer= 
tainty that Ca is either taken, or redeemed at a large price. 
« Adieu, my friend, and with my best respects to good 
Mrs. Doddridge and the young ladies, believe me to be your 


most affectionate friend and brother, W. Warsurron.” 
“ Dear Sir London, June %, tae 
“ When your last kind letters with the Discourse came to Lon- 


don, I was on a ramble with Mr. Pope up at oe 
amongst other places to Oxford*, from whence I am but 
returned. I have read over your fine abate with 
pleasure. It is too good for the Journal. 

my use when I recapitulate my | Sige argument at the. 
of the third volume, where it will of use to me; 
rather, because the second volume having had a quick sale, the 
book is so well dispersed and known that an account of it in the 
Journal is the less necessary. 

«My worthy friend Mr. Caryl } tells me you have been at Cam- 
bridge ; and is so won with his new acquaintance, that he 
presses himself to me in these words, which for grade 1 will ie 
seruple to transcribe from his letter: ‘ Dr. Doddri ee rane a 
couple of days here last aig and seemed a little di Moe 
not finding you here. T shewed him all the civility Tou a 
first indeed merely as a friend of yours ; but it soon 
result of my own inclinations. He favoured me with much cu- 
rious conversation ; and, if I judge right, he is a man of 
parts and learning, and of a candid and communicative tempe 
I now reckon him amongst my acquaintance, and’ hank yor for 
him, Mr. Jones§, the Huntingdonshire Clergyman, came hither 
with the Doctor. By two or three things which dropped from 
him I find he suspects you slight his acquaintance ; and iy, 
if it were my case, I should continue so to do; for, betwi 
friends, I take him to be a mere solemn coxcomb, &c." 

« You see what liberty I take with my friend’s letter; but the 
pleasure | had in finding him think of you just as I do, ~~ 
me think his words as well as sentiments my y- 
just now returning home by Cambridge, where I should ue 
been extremely glad to have met you. My best to 
Mrs. Doddridge conclude, dear Str, your most affectionate 
and brother, W. Wansurton.” 


« Dear Sir, August 5, 1741. 
««T have received the very valuable present of your ‘ Ten Ser- 
mons|{],’ which I have read with much pleasure and improve- 


* See some curious particulars of this excursion to Oxford in the “ Lite- 
rary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 576. 

+ See the Note in p. 822. 

t Master of Jesus College, Cambridge. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” 
vol, VIL. p. 65. 

§ OF Si see the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. " p. 637. 

jj In 1736, Dr. Doddridge published ** Ten Sermons on the iron As 
Grace of Christ,” and the Evilences of his glorious Gospel. bd 

ast, 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 829 


‘ment; they are excellent; and I have the additional obligation 
and pleasure of finding the Author of < The Divine Legation’ ho- 
noured by your friendly mention of him. You speak of your 
« Sermons on Regeneration * ;” and a farther prosecution of that 
subject under the title of ‘ The Rise and Progress of Religion in 
the Soul.’ I think you need make no apology for writing so 
many things on practical subjects. They are, when well wrote, 
by far the most useful to the interests of Christianity, as vast 
numbers of such tracts are a disgrace to it. But, without the 
compliment, I have never yet seen any write equal to you on 
practical subjects. As 1 came down from London I dined at 
Bugden with the Bishop of Lincoln, where I accidentally met 
with Mr. Jones. He has a very good look, and I believe is a 
good man; but is too trifling where he to be most se- 
rious; for I had his company some miles on the road. 

« Dr. Newcome, Master of St. John’s, was much taken with 
you; but blamed Mr. Jones for not telling him that it was Dr. 
Doddridge of Northampton, because he believes he said some 
things too freely of the nters. "ay ol 

“T understand by & common friend that | have much dis- 
gusted Dr. Middleton in what I have said of Moses’s fraud, the 
serpent; and the Papists borrowing of the Pagans ; which Jast 
particular affects him most because he is about publishing a new 
edition of his ‘ Letter from Rome.’ I find he cannot bear contra~ 
diction, though I did it with the utmost candour. Nay, he told 
our common friend Dr. ‘Taylor, that there were some things in 
my ‘ Vindication’ (the little pamphlet wrote soon after the publi- 
cation of the first volume) which displeased him ; but he attri- 


last, on the Evidences of the Gospel, were, in some later Editions, by the 
particular desire of one of the first Dignitaries of the Church of England, 
printed so as to be bad separate from the former. They contain a suffi- 
cient defence of Christianity, and are well adapted to the use of those, 
whose office calls them to defend it. It gave the Author singular pleasure 
to know that these Sermons were the means of convincing two gentlemen 
of a liberal education and distinguished abilities, who had been Deists, 
that Christianity was true and divine : and one of them, who had set 
himself zealously to prejudice others against the Evidences and contents 
of the Gospel, became a zealous preacher and ornament of the religion 
he had once denied and despised, Life of Doddridge, p. 118.—T. S. 


* In 1741, he published some “ Practical Discourses on Regeneration.” 
He was sensible of the importance of the subject at all times ; and know- 
ing that several controversies had, about that time, been raised concern- 
ing it, he chose to treat it more largely than he had done before ; lest 
these controversies should have been the means of unsettling men’s minds, 
and have led them into some particular errors, or into a general apprehen- 
sion, that it was a mere point of speculation, about which it was not 
necessary to form any judgment at all. These Lectures, being preached 
on Lord’s-day evenings, were attended with uncommon diligence, by 
many persons of different persuasions ; and God was pleased to make 
them the means of producing and advancing, in some who heard them, 
the change which they described ; and since their publication, they have 
been useful to the same purpose, Life, p. 9.1. S. 


buted 


‘830 | ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


buted them to the instigation of Bishop ———, his mortal ene» 
my. Is not this am ee 
i se a onan y, where he speaks 

poe hers, and the sentiments of Tull shoute Ia- 
Sonal I sent such an answer as was proper. Whether he 
will come to a better mind, I cannot tell, but you shall know 
when I do. You see to what disasters we Authors militant are 
exposed. My respects and service to Mrs. Doddridge. 1 am, 
dear Sir, your most affectionate friend and brother, and obedient 
humble servant, W. Warsurton.” > 


“ Dear AND WORTHY FRIEND, March 3, 1741-2. 

“TI should not have been so long in making my due ac 

ents for your last kind present of your excellent. 
have found them, had I not been fram home when { 
plist and I am but now just returned, © 

“« In November. Mr. Pope sent ~ so pressing an invitation to 
come to him to Mr. Allen's near Bat 28 presing an invitation 
invitation of that good man, that I pe not decline a = ros 
dious winter journey, by London, I stayed at Widcombe in the 
most agreeable retired society, with two excellent persons, $0 | ~ 
dear to me, till after the Christmas holydays. The p 
casion and fruits of my going, I hope you will see (inter 
a little time. My health was then but very indifferent ; — 
pally owing to a bilious indigestion, which I had been 
troubled with, and which the late Writers against me will 
you I have pay, public proofs of. However, it is well for them 
that I can digest their usage of me. For this disorder the Phy- 
sicians at Bath advised me to drink the waters. | followed their 
advice, and the waters were brought hot from Bath every morn- 
ing for me to drink in bed, which I received so much benefit 
from, that Mr. Allen would engage me to promise to take the 
first opportunity of returning to them. 

«From Widcombe I returned with Mr. Pope to London; 
where my unsettled affairs with my Bookseller's Executor de- 
tained me till almost now. My accounts with Mr. Gyles were 
altogether unsettled; and, as | had made no agreement with 
him, nor assigned any copy, they were altogether at my mercy 
for all the profits, farther than the bookseller's allowance, as it 
is called. But, with regard to my friendship for the deceased, I 
asked only half the clear profits of the editions sold, and two 
thirds of a third edition of the first volume of the Divine Lega- 
tion, and a second edition of the second volume, just going to 
press when Gyles died ; for I saw no reason my favours should 
be entailed on a rich family that wanted nothing. This last 
demand of two thirds stuck with them; and, after much ill usage 
in delaying me from time to time, they pressed I should be con- 
tented with half the profits, both for the editions sold and un- 
sold ; which, against the advice of my friends, I rather chose 
tq comply with, than go to law; though it was a clear case, = 

I 


MR. WARBURTON’ TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 834 


i had Mr. Murray * for my standing Counsel without fees. But 
I have followed the old adage, dimidium plus toto. ey | 1 
have tied them from printing any more than these editions}’ and 
only a moderate number of them, and have got a —_ naan 
ledgment of the entire copy-right in myself. 

“ Another thing, which will be ay unconcerning a piece of 
news to you as all this, I will mentidn to you. My friends have 
prevailed with me to publish my large Critical Remarks on 
Shakespeare. I was too, as it were, necessitated to this on ac- 
count of the behaviour of Sir Thomas Hanmer, ‘who has had:my 
papers, and is preparing something towards an edition without 
any communication with me.~ And now let me enquire con- 
cerning your health, and that of good Mrs. Doddridge’s 
(whom I never mention but with the greatest regard, and never 
think of but with the highest esteem) and of the rest of your 
family. 1 hope you still continue weil, and that you 
are blessed with the same vigour of mind and cheerfulness of 
temper (the effects of your virtue and piety), which so well en- 
able you to go through so much business to the benefit ‘of all 
you are concerned with, or who have the sense or virtue to be 
concerned with you, I mean those who read your writings. 
Have you seen the late Sermon preached before the Commons 
last 30th of January +? did you ever see such a one ? or will you 
ever see such another? But, if T once fancy myself conversing 
with you, I should tire you with questions. 1 therefore recom- 
mend myself at once to your best affections. Mr. Allen promises 
that we shall soon have a direct conveyance by the post between 
this place and Northampton, for f complained much of the long 
cireuit by London, I desire always to have your prayers, and 
am, dear Sir, your most affectionate brother, and faithful hum- 
ble servant, —_ j W. Warnurton.” 

“ Dear Sir, Feb. 14, 1742-8. 

« I should not have been so long in making my best acknow- 
ledgments for your last kind letter, had not my absence from 
home, and a late unhappy domestic affair, prevented me }, and 
grossed all my thoughts—the misfortunes of an excellent sister 
and her children by her husband's ill success in trade, yet at- 
tended to with the utmost honesty and sobriety ; so that, to his 
own ruin, he has been a considerable benefactor to the publick 
while in trade, and his creditors at last no losers, but himself un- 
done. I do not know whether this be an alleviation or aggravation 
of the misfortune. But I can tell you with the utmost truth, 
that I share with this distressed sister and her children (who all 
live with me) the small revenue it has pleased God to bless me 


* Afterwards the venerable Earl of Mansfield; towhom in 1758, he 
dedicated a new edition of the second part of the Divine Legation; 
hich Dedication deserves to be read by every person who esteems the 
well being of society as a concern of any importance.” T. S, 
t By his old friend Dr. Stukeley. 
t See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. p. 584. 


with, 


832 ~- ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. © 


with, with much greater satisfaction than others spend theirs 
on their pleasures. I do not know how it is; but, though | am 
far from being an hero, yet I find Brutus expresses my exact 
sentiments, when he says to Cicero, ‘ Aliter alii cum suis vivunt. 
Nihil ego possum in Sororis mee Liberis facere, quo possit ex- 
. aoe mea, aut officium.’ But you will reprove me, I 
, for this false modesty in apologizing for this comparison ; 
and say, ‘Where is the wonder, that a man who pretends to be a 
Christian should not come behind a Pagan, how great 
the performance of moral duties ?’ However this may be, | can 
assure you my only concern on this occasion was for an incompa- 
rable Mother, whom I feared the misfortunes of a favourite 
daughter would have too much affected. But, I thank God, Re- 
ligion, that Religion which you make such amiable 
in all your writings, mannan ive haan nane, But I ask 
pardon for talking so long of myself. jis is a subject I never 
choose to talk of; yet I could not forbear mentioning it to a man 
I so much esteem, and whose heart I know to be so 

«It was with concern I found Mrs. Doddridge so ill at 
Bath. I know the grief this must have occasioned you. But I 
know your sufficiency. J trust in God she has by this time re- 
ceived the expected benefit from the waters, It was by accident 
T saw her name in Leake’s Book (for then I had not received 
your last) a little before I left Mr. Allen's. I visited her twice. 
The first time she was going out to drink the waters, the second 
time a visiting ; so 1 bad not the pleasure of much of her com- | 
pany. You may be assured, I would not hinder her the first 
time ; and I made a conscience not to do it the second : for it 
was a new acquaintance she was going to make; a matter, per- 
haps, as useful to her amusement, while she stayed at Bath, as 
the other for her health. 

« Thus you see, my good friend, we have all something to 
make us think less complacently of the world, Religion will do 
great things. It will always make the bitter waters of Marah 
wholesome and palatable, But we must not think it will usually 
turn water to wine, because it once did so, Nor is it fit it 
should, unless this were our place of rest, where we were to ex- 
pect the henge gee I do the best I can, and should, I think, 
do the same if I were a mere Pagan, to make life passable. To 
be always lamenting the miseries of it, or always seeking after 
the pleasures of it, equally take us off from the work of our sal- 
vation. And though I be extremely cautious what sect I follow 
in Religion, yet any in Philosophy will serve my turn; and honest 
Sancho Panca’s is as good as any; who on his return from an 
important commission, when asked by his master, ‘Whether they 
should mark the day with a black or a white stone,’ replied, 
«Faith, Sir, if you will be ruled by me, with neither, but with 

brown Ochre.’ What this Philosopher thought of his com- 
mission, I think of human life in general—good brown Ochre is 

the complexion of it. : 
3 «I got 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 833 


“I got home a little before Christmas, after a’charming phi- 
iosophical retirement in a Palace with Mr. Pope and Mr. Allen 
for two or three months. ‘The gentleman I last mentioned is, T 
verily believe, the greatest private character in any age of thé 
world. You see his munifieence to the Bath Hospital This is 
but a small part of his charities, and charity but a small part of 
his virtues. Ihave studied his character even maliciously, to find 
where his weakness lies; but have ¢tudied in vain. When Pf 
know it, the world shall know it too for the consolation of the 
envious ; especially as I suspect it will prove to be only a par- 
tiality he has entertained for me. Ina word, | firmly believe 
him to have been sent by Providence into the world, to wach 
men what blessings they might expect from Heaven, would they 
study to deserve them. 

“J received your agreeable present of your Pupil’s Sermons *, 
with your Life of him, which my nephew has read with great 
pleasure, and you have both our most hearty thanks for it. He 
is now of Jesus College in Cambridge. But I take what care I 
ean myself of his education. He is very promising, and I hope 
will prove a comfert to an excellent, though unfortunate Mother, 

“ Dr. Taylor has just now shewn me the first part of your ex- 
cellent Answer to ‘ Christianity not founded on Argument ;* 
which he highly esteems, and we wait impatiently for the second. 
Will you forgive my concluding without overlooking this sad 
scribble, which I should be even afraid todo had I time? But 
now I have not a moment more than to conclude, with my best 
respects to Mrs. Doddridge, dear Sir, your most affectionate and 
faithful friend and brother, W. Warsurton.” 


«© Dear Sir, Prior Park, 1747. 

« J had the favour of your letter, and along with it ‘ Colonel 
Gardiner’s Life,” which I have just read through with very great 
pleasure. Nothing can be better or more judicious than the 
writing part. Many considerations made the subject of great 
importance and expediency. The celebration of worthy men 
who sacrificed themselves for the service of their country; the 
tribute paid to private friendship; the example, particularly to 
the Soldiery, of so much virtue and piety, as well as courage 
and patriotism ; the service done to the survivors of their fami- 
lies, are such important considerations, as equally concern the 
Writer and the publick. I had a thousand things to remark in 
it which gave me pleasure, But I have room but for two or 
three. The distinction you settle between Piety and Enthusiasm 
in the 78th page, is highly just and important, and very neces- 
sary for these times, when men are apt to fall into the opposite 
extremes. Nor am I less pleased with your observations on the 
mutilated form of Christianity in the 130th page: we see the ter- 
rible effects of it. The same pleasure your 162d and 163d pages 
afforded me, Your Hymns are truly pious and poetical, The 


* By the Rev. Thomas Steffe. T. S. 
VOL. 11. 3H note 


834 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. — 


note at the bottom of page 176, is fine. I entirely agree in your 
sentiments concerning the extraordinary circumstance of the 
good man’s conversion. On the whole, the book will do you ho- 
nour, or, what you like better, will be a blessing to you Binte 4 
becoming an instrument of public good. Mr. Allen (who is 
now upon beginning your book), Mrs. Allen, and my Wife, join 
with me in our best respects. L am, dear Sir, with the truest 
esteem, your most affectionate servant, W. Wansurtow.” 
«© Dear Sir, Bedford Row, June 10, 1749, 

“ Mr. Allen has just sent me your kind Letter ; and tells me, 
I am obliged to you fur your Sermon *, which he commends ex- 
tremely. Your ‘ Essay on Inspiration’ is a well-reasoned and ju- 
dicious performance. I think you do not set a just value on 
yourself, when you lend your name or countenance to such weak, 
but well-meaning, rhapsodists as . ‘This may do 
well enough with the people; but it is the Learned that claim 

ou. ve tate the intermixing with works of this cast sober 
ks of devotion of your own composing, becomes your cha- 
racter, and is indeed your duty; yet your charity and love of 
goodness suffer you to let yourself down in the opinion of those 
you most value, and whose high opinion you have fairly eae 
by works of learning and reasoning inferior to none. 
me this freedom. i pt 7 "9 

«< «The Divine Legation’ | am ing with in good earnest. 
I have been a little diverted npon an important subject ;.viz. in 
writing a Discourse to eres the Miraculous Interposition of — 
vidence in defeating Julian's attempt to rebuild the 
Jerusalem. It is in syste parts. The first, to establish the ira 
by human testimony, and the nature of the fact. @. An Answer 
to Objections. 3. An Enquiry into the nature of that evidence 
which is sufficient to claim a rational assent to the miraculous 
fact, Itis in the press, but will not be published till winter. 

« T imagined I had communicated my grief to you for the 
greatest loss Lever had, in that of the best parent and woman 
that ever wast. Tt yet hangs heavy upon me, and will do so 
while I live. God preserve you in the possession and enj 
of all those bapctiy dorger dear to you. Which brings me to re~ 
member, with my best compliments, good Mrs. Doddridge, and 
to assure you that I am, with the highest esteem, dear Sir, your 
very faithful and affectionate humble servant, W. Warpunton.? 


* © On the Peace concluded with France and Spain.” T.S. 

+ ——I have lived some time in the world; and, blessed be God, 
without giving or taking offence. This time bas been spent in my parish 
church (for I am a Country Clergyman, and reside constantly on my 
cure), in the service of my neighbour, in my study, and in the offices of 
filial piety. 

With lenient arts t’ extend a Mother's breath, 
Make languor smile, and smooth the bed of death, 
Explore the thought, explain the asking eye, 
And keep awhile one parent from the sky. 
Bp. Warturton's Works, Ato, vol. VI. p- 12. T.S. 
« Dear 


, 


MK. WARBURTON TO DR. DODDRIDGE. 835 


« Deax Sir, June 15, 1750. 

‘Your favour of the 17th of May was sent me to London, 
where I then was, and yet am till to-morrow, when I return to 
Prior-Park, I am greatly flattered by your thoughts of Julian: 
because I know the sincerity of your professions. Some people 
of consideration would persuade me to take to task at the end of 
Julian a chapter of one Hume ‘ on Miracles,’ in a rank atheistical 
book called ‘ Philosophical Essays ;* and as the subject of the 
second part may be a little ticklish, perhaps it may be prudent to 
tonciliate warm tempers by such a conclusion, 

“« T was very sincere in the hint, which you are pleased to call 
advice, of my last letter; as 1 am in saying that I do not know 
of any thing which your abilities and application are not eapable 
of. You are very good to enquire after my motions. I shall be 
in town either in June or July, Towards the decline of the sum- 
mer I have some thoughts of taking a journey into Lincolnshire. 
Jf Ido, I may take Northampton in my way, and will take my 
chance of finding you at home. As to the ‘ Disquisitions,’ I will 
only say, that the temper, candour, and charity, with which 
they are wrote, are very edifying and exemplary. I wish success 
to them as much as you can do; but I can tell you, of certain 
acience, that not the least alteration will be made in the Eccle- 
siastical System. The present Ministers were bred up under and 
act entirely on the maxims of the last ; and one of the principal 
of his* was, ‘not to stir what is at rest.’ He took a medicine for 
the stone, that killed him +; and on his death-bed he said, ‘ he fell 
by the neglect of his own maxim.’ Those at the head of affairs 
find it as much as they can do to govern things as they are, and 
they will never venture to set one part of the Clergy against 
another; the consequence of which would be, that, in the 
brigues of political contests, one of the two parties would cer- 
tainly fall in with the Faction, if we must call it so, against the 
Court. Your truly divine labours are not only more excellent, 
but will certainly prove more fruitful. But, above all, I join 
with your friends in encouraging you to a subscription ; which 
I make no doubt will turn out a considerable benefit. Books of 
infinitely less importance have lately done so. And I ardently 
wish that one who has deserved so greatly of our common 
Christianity may not have the whole of his reward to wait for 
in another life. To understand that all your good family are 
well, gives me extreme pleasure. My truest respects to all; and 
particularly to the young gentleman who is beginning his studies. 
I must now begin to call him my learned Friend ; and have sent 
him a magnificent Edition, which no money will buy (I mean 
they are not to be sold) of the ‘ Essay on Man,’ and ‘ Essay on 
Criticism.’ Believe me to be ever, with the truest esteem, 

Your most affectionate friend and brother, W. WazsurTon.” 


* Sir Robert, first Earl of Orford of that name. 
+ Mrs. Stephens’s medicine, for which Parliament gave her 5000/. 
3u2 « Dean 


836 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ~ 


Dear Sir, Prior Park, Aug. 25, V 
«I thank you for the very accurate extract you sent me, Your 
sentiments of those dirty rascals who are concerned in all our 
monthly trash * are surely very right and just. They set up these 
to publish their own trash, or other people’s for money. 
« Mr. Allen would himself have acknowledged your ob} 
Letter to him of the 20th; but a disorder occasioned by 
makes him incapable of attending to any thing but to the « 
charge of it. With regard to that trifling favour you mention at 
the hack of your Letter, I will tell you how the case stands, The 
‘revenue of the Post-office is in two branches: one of which Mr. 
Allen farms ; the other is in the hands of the Crown: with regard 
to the latter, Mr. Allen is indulged the privilege of franking = 
own letters. In this he is scrupulously exact, and confines 
indulgence he has to his own family. He makes a point of con- 
science and honour of it; and the rather, for the scandalous abuse 
of this privilege, that is now almost universal. Besides, as he has 
almost every year occasion to write to some Member or other, 
complaining of their scandalous abuses of this privilege (which 
he hardly restrains by threatening to complain to Parliament) he 
cannot, in common discretion, give any handle to them by com- 
mitting the like abuse, though in a low degree ; for, 
ierowean a man’s own and family letters is a gross abuse of 
ilege, which Mr. Allen has never yet trangressed. 
*« Mr. Allen thinks that those of the Ministers w! 
the Brief + did it on some such considerations as these: That the 
immense debt, which the late War has accumulated, was much 
inflamed by the subsidies and pensions paid to the German 
Princes, who are grown rich by it; and that the flourishing Pro- 
testant Churches in Germany are much abler to assist dis- 
tressed Brethren, and under closer obligations, than this 
dom, oppressed with taxes and the public calamity of the 
temper amongst the horned cattle. Besides, the King of Prussia, 
the Protector of the Protestant Interest in Germany, is the 
richest and most powerful Prince in Europe, has got most by 
the War, and is nearest hand to lend his assistance. But the 
people of the Continent think Great Britain inexhaustible, and 
must supply all the expences there, both for support of Lil 
and Religion. These, he supposes, may be the sentiments 
the Ministry; and if they suspect that the peuple may think with 
them, they will not be disposed to give the public sanction to 
this charity. — Mr. Allen hopes that when your Proposals are 
printed we shall see them. He joins with me in our best wishes 


* Dr. Warburton, though he himself sometimes condescended to assist 
in the publishing of monthly trash, was tremblingly alive to those shafts of 
criticism which be affected to despise—‘* Warburton bad great 
and wrote with more force and freedom than the Wits to whom he suc- 
ceeded: but bis faculties were perverted by a paltry love of paradox ; and 
rendered useless to mankind, by an unlucky chvice of subjects, and the 
arrogance and dogmatism of histemper.” Edinb, Rev. Sept, 1816, p. 8. 

+ For the distressed Protestants in Germany, 

for 


MR. WARBURTON TO DR.DODDRIDGE. 837 


for your happiness ; and I am, dear Sir, with the truest affection, 
your most faithful servant and brother, W. Wazsurton.” 
« Dear Sir, Prior Park, Sept. 2, 1751.~ 
“Your kind letter gave me, and will give Mr. Allen, zreat 
concern ; but for ourselves, not you. Death, whetiever it hap- 
pens, in a life spent like yours, is to be envied, not pitied; and 
you will have the prayers of your friends, as Conquerors have the 
shouts of the crowd. God preserve you; if he continues you 
here, to go on in his service; if he takes you to himself, to be 
crowned with glory. Be assured the memory of our Friendship 
will be as durable as my life. 1 order an enquiry to be made of 
your health from time to time: but if you fatigue yourself any 
more in writing, it will prevent me that satisfaction. I am, dear 
Sir, your most affectionate friend and brother, W. WaRsuRTon.” 


Bishop Warsurton to Sir Earptry Witmor*, 
Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, 


“My coop Lorn, Prior Park, March 9, 1766. 
“1 confess, that to trouble your Lordship with any interrup- 
tion, at this season, is doing like the Pharisees of old, who drew 
men of the Sanhedrim off from the weightier matters of the Law, 
judgment, mercy, and good faith, to give their attention to mint, 
anise, and cummin. t, | am about framing, in’ my life-time, 
a small Theological Lecture at Lincoln's Inn: and, that Society 
not being incorporated, I have a good pretence to put it into the 
hands of Trustees, who are to chuse their successors. I shall be 
glad to be honoured with the names of the two Lords Chief Jus- 
tices and Mr Yorke, as those of my own appointment; and 
have applied to them for this leave, as I now do to your Lord- 
ship. I presume that one or both of them may have aequainted 
you with my project ; and, on that presumption, will conclude, 
that I have the honour to be, with the highest regard and at- 
tachment, my Lord, your Lordship's most faithful and obedient 

humble servant, W. Grovucesrer.” 


*,* The remark made by Dr. Stukeley in this Volume, p. 55, 
is thus confirmed in Bp, Newton's account of his own Life: 
“When Dr. Warburton was made Bishop of Gloucester, he 
desired his friend Dr. Newton to preach his Consecration Ser- 
mon; which service was performed at Lambeth on January 20, 
1760; and the Sermon, as usual, was printed by Archbishop 
Secker's order. It was somewhat extraordinary, that he who 
had Lord Hardwicke and Lord Mansfield for his friends should 
be made a Bishop by the means of Mr. Pitt; but Mr. Pitt 
at that time represented the City of Bath, where he was 
brought in by the interest of Mr. Allen, whose niece Mr. War- 
* A part only of this Letter has appeared in print. The whole is now 
copied From the Original, communicated by ty late truly benévolent 
friend, John Eatdley-Wilmot, Esq, ‘ 
on 


838 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. — 


burton had married. He was promoted to ‘ick of 
Gloucester from the Deanery of Bristol, ni ion. bee 
laid outa good deal of money in repairing and new- 
Deanery-house, and had not quite completed it when the 
was made Bishop. However, such was Mr. Allen's 
that he was willing to finish what he had begun ; but inquired 
first who was likely to succeed to the Deanery. It was supposed 
to lie between Dr. Squire and Dr. Tucker, and Mr. Allen asked 
what sort of men they were; and the Bishop answered in his 
lively manner, that the one made Religion his Trade, and the 
other Trade his Religion. Dr. Squire succeeded to the 
of Bristol, where Mr, Allen completed bis intended alterations, 
and Dr. Tucker was soon after made Dean of Gloucester. It 
was true that Dr. Tucker had written upon Trade and Commerce 
with more knowledge and intelligence than any Clergyman, and 
with as much perhaps as Sir Josiah Child or any Merchant: but 
he has also written very well upon other subjects more 
belonging to his profession. He had the pen of a ready writer ; 
but it was apt sometimes to run away with him, and wanted 
judgment to curb and restrain it. He had strong and lively 
parts, and with many of the excellencies it is no wonder that he 
had also some of the failings of every great genius, He was too 
an excellent Parish-priest, and an exemplary Dean in keeping 
his residence, and performing his duty, in mp ig the bsg 
estates, in living hospitably, in repairing improvi aa the 
house, and in adorning and beantifying the church 
ehurch-yard. In these things he merited well, and had 
good qualities: but it is to be lamented, that he had not t the 
respect for the Bishop, which was really due to his personal cha- 
racter as well as to his higher station, so that there was not that 
friendship and harmony between them, which ought always to 
subsist between the Bishop and the Dean of the same Cathedral. 
They were both men of great virtues, but they were both also 
men of strong passions, Both were irascible, but the Bishop 
was more placable and forgiving, the Dean longer bore resent~- 
ment. There was also some misunderstanding between Dr. 
Warburton and another friend of Dr. Newton, who was sus- 
pected of having assisted Mr. Edwards in his‘ Canons of Criticism,” 
which was the smartest pamphlet that ever was written against 
Dr. Warburton. This produced a coolness between them, but 
ed no farther. Hawkins Browne was then in a decline, 
and died soon after the time that the other was made Bishop ; 
so that Dr. Newton's joy for the promotion of one friend was 
damped by his concern for the death of another.” 


The following very animated and vias portraiture of Bp. 
Warburton, dated Feb. 12, 1785, is transcribed from a Letter 
of Dr. William Cuming, of Dorchester, to Dr. Lettsom. 

*« Many years ago I read over the polemical and critical works 
of the late Dr. Warburton; and from the perusal I conceived a 

most 


DR. CUMING ON BP. WARBURTON. 839 


‘yaost unfavourable opinion of the man ; so stiff and conceited in 


opinion ; so dictatorial in his sentiments, treating every one who 
thought differently from himself with the most sovereign con- 
tempt. It is above thirty years ago that Ralph Allen, of Prior- 
park, first came to pass about three months in the summer an- 
nually at Weymouth ; his niece, Mrs. Warburton, was always of 
the party. She was elegant in her person, possessed of an ex- 
cellent understanding, great politeness, and a most engaging 
naiveté in conversation. 1 had been introduced to Mr. Allen's 
acquaintance soon after his first arrival, and was always profes- 
sionally employed in the family. After a few years, the Bishop, 
whom I had never seen, came to pass a month of the summer 
with Mr. Allen at Weymouth. I was soon after sent for, to attend 
some one in the family. After having visited my patient, Mrs. 
Warburton teok me by the hand, and Jed me to the dining- 
room, where we found the Bishop alone. She presented me to 
him with ‘Give me Jeave, my Lord, to introduce to you a 
friend of mine, to whom you and I have great obligations, for 
the care he has repeatedly taken of our son.’ He received me 
courteously enough, but I own to you I felt an awe and awkward 
uneasiness. I determined to say but little, and to weigh well 
what I said. We were left alone—it was an hour to dinner—he 
soon engaged me on some literary subject, in the course of which 
he gave me the etymology of some word or phrase in the French 
language, with a ‘ Do not you think so?’ 1 ventured to dissent, 
and said I had always conceived its origin to be so and so: 
to this he immediately replied, ‘ Upon my word I believe you 
are in the right: nay, ‘tis past.a doubt; I wonder it never 
struck me before.” Well, to dinner we went: his Lordship 
was easy, facetious, and entertaining. _My awe of him was 
pretty well dissipated, and T conversed with ease. Some time 
after dinner, when he was walking about the room, he came 
behind me, tapped me on the shoulder, and beckoned me into 
an adjoining room. As soon as we entered, he shut the door, 
seated himself in an armed chair on one side of the fire-place 
while he directed me by his hand to one on the opposite side. 
My fit immediately returned: I expected to be eatechised and 
examined ; but it was of short duration. He said, he was happy 
in this opportunity of asking the opinion and advice of a gentle- 
man of my charaeter respecting some complaints he had felt for 
some time past, aid which he found increasing. On this my 
spirits expanded ; 1 did not fear being a match for his Lordship 
on a medical subject. He then began to detail to me the com- 
plaints and feelings of those persons addicted toeonstant study and 
asedentary life. As [ mentioned several circumstances which he 
had omitted in his catalogue, and which he immediately acknow 
ledged, I gained his confidence. He was sensible ] was master 
of my subject. It is a good political maxim, ‘ Docti sunt doct? 
tractandi.’ I explained to him the rationale of his complaints, 
and shewed him the propriety of the diet, exercise, and reine 
which 


* 


840 ~~ ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE, 
which I recommended to him. In short, we parted, to join the 


cow may, very well -a'isied with each other. 1 found my dis-_ 


gust —_ prenilice gradually abaje. During: several subsequent 
Thad repeated opportunities of being in company with 

ea and never saw a single instance of that fastidiousness and 
arrogance, so conspicuous in his writings. He always received 
me with great good humour ; | conversed with him easily and 
familiarly. On ali subjects he shewed an attention and deference 
to the opinion of others. He had a great fund of anecdote, and 
told his stories with much humour and facetiousness. This 
change in my opinion relating to Dr. Warburton was the effect 
of my being personally acquainted with him: pe hanes can 
never forgive him for defacing the immortal Shakespeare, by his. 
many ridiculous aud unlettered notes, though he made me a 
present of that and all his other Works. * He ought,’ said 
the Player, ‘to have stuck to his own Bible, and not to” 
meddled with ours.’” ve 

In a subsequent Letter Dr. Cuming adds, 

“<1f my paper in my last letier would have held out, I should 
have finished the subject of Warburton, by giving you an arch, 


but not unjust, character of him, which | extracted many —_ ; 


ago, and before I was acquainted with the Doctor, from a 
written by a gentleman, a Clergyman I believe, in Devonshire, 
to a learned friend of mine, in which the metaphor is admirably 
supported. ‘Thus he expressed himself: * And whom we may 
compare, not aitogether improperly, to a Blazing Star, that has 
peared in our hemisphere : : obscure his origin, resplendent his 

light, irregular his motion, and his period quite uncertain. With 
such a train of quotations as he carries in his tail, and the eccen- 
tricity of the vast circuit he takes, the vulgar are alarmed, the 
learned puzzled Something wonderful it certainly portends, 
and J wish he may go off without leaving some malignant in- 
fluence at least among us, if he does not set us on fire.’ ” 


Mr. Epwarp Cave* to the Rev. Dr. Doppringe*}. 
« Dear Sir, - St. John's Gate, May 20, 1746. 

“1 got safe last night to this strong Tower with all my com~- 
pany, having a very agreeable day's journey; during which, as 
you had so cordially expressed your concern for us both in pub- 
lic and private, we frequently remembered your goodness, as 
well as your very delectable and no less improving conversation 
and discourse; and heartily wished you and your Fellow-travellers 
safe over the rough ways, and without any bad or perplexing 
accident ; of which as we should be glad to have an account, we 
apprehend that it may not be displeasing to let you know how 
we performed our stage, as we set out so late. 

“* Having, at 18 miles by my measure, at a quarter past 11, 
reached Aylesbury, which is 44 measured miles from London, we 


* The original Compiler and ve Q hi Gentleman's Magazine. 
i—50. 


See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. V. 
+ From the Original, communicated ty ae Rev. T. Stedman. 


MR. EDWARD CAVE TO DR, DODDRIDGE. 841 


‘took a little bait, and proceeded to Wendover, called two or 
three miles, and measuring five. At this place, having slipped 
between the Chalk-hills, here called, I think, the Chiltern, by a 
very easy ascent, compared with that near Dunstable, or the 
Chalk-hills in the road from Oxford, Tame, Baldock, Bedford, 
Cambridge, &c. we travelled but slowly through that confined 
but delightful Valley, which reaches along the road, or just 
below it, from Missenden, called six and measuring ten miles 
from Aylesbury, where about three we dined, to Chalfont. ‘ 

“Our intended speed was unexpectedtly interrupted by waters, 
in some places near a furlong in length, but not otherwise dis- 
agreeable, as we could every where discern the gravel at the 
bottom not far off, being only the exuberance of that pleasant 
stream which rises about Missenden, and often crossed our way, 
and sometimes washed a considerable part of it, making the 
cooling gale of the day (of which I hope you had the benefit) still 
more refreshing, and affording us great comfort in a close road, 
where, however, the hedges often met, or were spread over our 
heads on the sunny side; so that our journey was extremely 
pleasant, both upon and between the Hills, in which last I ap- 
prehended we should have been much incommoded by the sun. 
At three miles before we reached Uxbridge, we entered the 
great road from Oxford, half an hour past six: but, though it 
was very dusty, the wind blew it from us, and we got to our 
journey’s end a little after ten. 

«« T shall be now turning myself to the other pleasure—busi- 
ness ; and shall not forget the kind hints, which, with so much 
judgment and benevolence, you were pleased to mention, 

“1 must not yet, though long, conclude, without returning 
my thanks for all favours received and intended; and adding by 
desire the hearty respects of all the company, jointly and seve- 
rally, to you and your Fellow-travellers and Family. 

«T should have troubled you with a Letter which I owed 
you about Christmas; but, being impatient of care, and ge- , 
nerally inattentive as to decent writing, it wanted to be tran- 
scribed, and so was mislaid ; and that you have this so soon, or 
fit to be seen, is through the goodness of an expert and spss { 
writer, who offered to transcribe it; who is charmed (like me 
with, and longs for a further opportunity of enjoying, your 
conversation.—I am, Reverend Sir, your much obliged and very 
humble servant and admirer, Epwanxp Cave,” 


Original Letters * of the Rev. James Hervey +. 


Mr. James Hervey to his Father. 
“ Honounep Sir, Oxon, Sept. 15, 1736. 

“| thank you for your kind Letter, which was the more 
grateful to me, in that I knew I deserved, and almost expected, 
* Communicated by the Pev.’T. Stedman ; to whom they were given 
by Dr. James Stonhouse in 1772.—‘ Propter virtutem et probitatem, eos 
quos nunquam vidimus, diligimus.” T, 

+ The learned and pious Author of the well-known “ Meditations,’’ 
one 


2 


842 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. | 


one of another kind. I thank you also for diligence in the 
affuir that is now in hisctntion? "livery (hing, had aaebeatel 1s 
therto as well as can be desired. J waited on the Archdeacon 
(Dr. Rye) * on Tuesday : he asked me several questions in Divi- 
nity, and (blessed be the great Giver of wisdom) I was not at 
a loss for an answer to any of them; no, not for Latin words to 
_ express myself in. As soonas ever I came from the Doctor, there 
met me at my lodgings a letter from the Bishop of Peterborough}; 
wherein my Lord informed me, that he had sent inclosed a Let- 
ter Dimissory to the Bishop of Oxford {. 1 immediately carried 
the inclosed to Dr. Rye, that he might convey it to my Lord at 
Cuddsdon, The Doctor opened it, and read it to me; the con- 
tents were, that his Lordship approved of my age, testimonium, 
and title ; and desired the favour of the Bp. of Oxford to admit 
me to be a Deacon of the Church of England, if he should find 
me qualified for that order. ‘The Doctor was very well satisfied 
with every thing, and told me I had nothing to do but to get ano- 
ther festimonium from College, for the satisfaction of the Bishop, 
who, he said, would insist upon that. This will be no hard 
matter to get, only it will cost me another half-crown, I meee 
forgot the money, that constant desideratumn in omnibus. I will ask 
again for my Caution: and, if 1 should be refused, I do not 
uestion but I shall be able to borrow. I do not know what I want 
urther, besides a plentiful effusion of the blessed Spirit. You 
have done (you say, Sir,) your part; and I thankfully acknow- 
ledge it to be true. Only let my Father which is in Heaven do 
his part ; 1 mean, let him ‘ give me the Holy Ghost,’ not many 
days hence : so will I serve Him and His Church all the days of 
my life. Your orders about a licence shall be obeyed ; I will not, 
unless | am compelled, (us I suppose I shall not) take one. 

*‘ T had the honour, and indeed I may say the happiness, last 
week, of waiting on Lady Cox. Her Ladyship stayed in town a 
week, and was pleased to permit me to visit her every day;—nay, 
she and her two sisters condescended to walk the streets with me, 
and to be conducted by me thrice to Lincoln Chapel. She put 
me in mind of St. John’s Elect Lady. You would not know her 
to be a Lady by any thing but her liberality. Ob! that as I 
have seen, so I may imitate her meek and lowly spirit ! her dead- 
ness to the world! and her great heavenly-mindedness ! How 
amiable are thy children, thou Lord of Hosts! My soul hath a 
desire and longing to enter in among thy chosen ones! Yea, 
my heart and my flesh rejoice in expectation of that blessed 
day ; when, freed from mortality, and purged from corruption, 
1 shall be gathered to an innumerable company of just men 
made perfect.—Wonderful! before I write in, to think that I 
shall be ordained and constituted a servant of the most high God 
to minister in the most holy things. Xgisos Pon$ulw pe cr] ytornls.” 

* George Rye, Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford; M.A. 1703; B.D. 
1713; D. D. 1715; Archdeacon of Oxford 1724; Regius Professor of Di- 
vinity 1737. He died in July 1741. : 

+ Dr. Robert Clavering. ~ Dr. John Potter. 

« Pray 


Po EEE 


REV. JAMES HERVEY TO DR. STONHOUSE. 843 


« Pray give my duty to my mother, and to my kind kinsfolk 
at Weston; my love to my brothers and sisters. My humble 
service to all that enquire after me; and beg of them to pray 


earnestly for your dutiful son, J. Hervey.” 
Rev, James Hervey to Dr. James Sronnouse *. 
“My pear Friznp, (Undated.] 


“T have read Mr. Jortint. He aggravates features ; misrepre- 
sents his opponents; and, in my opinion, mistakes the mean- 
ing, diminishes the blessing of Gospel-salvation. On such points 
controversy, unless it be conducted by minds free from prejudice 
(and where are these to be found ?) is endless. 1 shall only wish 
for him, wish for myself, and for all whom it may concern — 


’ that we may always find in our breasts a will free to good ; when 


we are provoked to passion, a will free to exercise meekness ; 
when we are instigated to resentment, a will free to love our 
bitterest enemy ; when we are disappointed in our designs and 
afflicted in our persons, a will free to acquiesce with compla- 
cency and thankfulness. Such a will to all this, as we have 
to gratify our appetite, to obtain success in our schemes, 
and enjoy favour with our friends. Where this is found, there 
is liberty, ‘ the liberty of righteousness.’ For my part, I have 
no hope to obtain it, but only in the manner which David pre- 
scribes, ‘O give me the comfort of thy help, and stablish me with 
thy free spirit !' My very respectful and affectionate compliments 
attend Dr, Cotton. I wish him much of that amiable and de- 
lightful Religion, which is not meat and drink, but righteous- 
ness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Beg of him, at 
‘some leisure moment, to translate for me these lines from Virgil, 
En. xii. 57: 
* Et nos tela, pater, ferrumque haud debile dextra 
Spargimus, et nostro sequitur de-vulnere sanguis :’ 
accommodating them to the purpose for which they are quoted 
in the beginning of my Eighth Dialogue. Ever yours, J. H." 
«© My DEAR FRIEND, [Undated.} 

«« As to the matter of defending me, I think, Non est tanti. I 
am ten thousand times more for your conversing like a Christian 
on every occasion. Take all proper opportunities of glori- 
fying your Divine Master, and spreading abroad the savour of his 
blessed name. It would bring dignity to your character, I am 
persuaded, and would command reverence even from gainsayers, 
if you were sometimes to make a frank declaration on this head, 
and act accordingly. Do not scruple to bid your patients seek 
to Gop for a blessing when they are recovered; remind them of 
their obligations to the Almighty Physician ; they are restored to 
health, not for the poor purposes of eating and drinking a little 
more, but to acquaint themselves with Curisr Jesus, to prepare 
for eternity, and make their salvation sure. This would be truly 


* At that time a most worthy and excellent Physician at Northampton, 
and afterwards a Baronet. See the “ Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IX. p. 566. 

+ Probably his Remarks on Ecclesiastical History.”’ 
graceful ; 


$44 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. ‘ 


graceful ; might do much good ; and should any one find fault with 
this practice, he must not pretend to the piety of aChristian, he has 
not the Religion of an Heathen ; such an one sliould remember 
the conduct, and consider the sentiments, of your brother lapis. 
«© Non hee humanis opibus, aut Arte : 
Proveniunt ; neque te, Ainea, mea dextera servat: 
Mejor agit Deus, atque opera ad majora remittit. : 
Lean 5 Virgil, Ain. xii. 427. 
« € This is no mortal work, no cure of mine, 
Nor art's effeet, but done by hands divine: 
"Tis God Aéneas to the battle sends, “ 
’Tis God preserves his life for greater ends.” ’ 
«Thanks for your advice about what I recommended to yea 
consideration : and about my own health. Gop has been better 
to me than my apprehensive heart expected. O! that, so long as 
_Lhave breath, it may be employed to his honour; who forgiveth 
all our sins, and healeth all our infirmities ; and, when he heals 
them not, will make them a blessing. 

‘Do, my dearest Friend, persist, in a prudent way, to bear 
= testimony for a Master, who has bought you with his very 
ife, and intends to make you partaker of his wrnleiag — 
If this does you or yours any real harm, reproach me with it, 
when we shall both stand in the presence of the whole world, 
and before the tribunal of our Judge.—Losing blood with 

me; gave me spirits; and, I hope, will do me good, J. Hervey.” 


*,* The following Epitaph is inscribed upon a slab of 
plain biack marble, in the Chancel of the Church of Buxted in 
Sussex, near the reliques of the celebrated Dr. Wotton *; whose _ 
daughter was ‘* Anne, the wife of Mild William Clarke+,” the Fa- 
ther and Mother of the worthy character recorded in this epitaph: 

“ Hic - conditur 
Prope « relliquias - avi . sui « celeberrimi. G. Wotton, D. D. 
Quod . superest 
Epvanpi Crarke, A.M. 
Collegii - Sanci . Johannis . apud . Cantabrigienses 
Olim .« Socii 


Et. Parochiz « hujusce . per. multos-annos « Rectoris 
Natus - anno « Salutis « caro decessit MDCCLXXXVI. | 


Sub - eodem - - quoque . marmore 
Sepulta . est . Anna . amantissima * ejus « uxor 
Lecti - prius - nunc « Pomel «Canes 
Nata. mpcoxxxvil. nupta. MpccLx1. obiit -mpccem- 


Patri. Matrique- 
H.M.S.P. 
Liberi . superstites . ¢ 
Ponendum .« curaverunt - ; . | 


* Of whom see “ Literary Anecdotes,” IV. 253, 368. +Ib. 363. ¢Ib. 382, 
§ Rey. James Stanier Clarke, and the Edw. Dan, Clarke ; ib, 387. 389. 


_ 


( 845° pone abe 


ADDITIONS ann CORRECTIONS. 


P. 59. “ Bp. Warburton, when in 1764 he mentions ‘ forty 
years ago,’ speaks in round numbers, He was presented by the 
Duke of Newcastle to the Rectory of Firsby on the death of Mr. 
Thomas Heron; who, as appears from the Registers of that 
parish, was buried in 1730. The name of no other Rector can 
be found in those Registers till 1754; when ‘ William Warbur- 
ton, D. D. Rector,’ together with the Curate’s, and Church- 
wardens’ names for the time being, are all fairly written on a 


blank leaf in the beginning of a Register-book.” R. S.—Dr, War- 


burton resigned Firsby in 1756. 

Ibid. A singular coincidence of circumstances attended the 
death of Dr. Stukeley, in March 1765. Mr. Harris, the Lecturer 
of St. George, had just deceased ; in consequence of which an 
election was appointed. The candidates were, Mr. Hollingbury, 
of the Charter-house, and Mr. Floyd. The Jatter had a majority 
of one vote till Mr. Serjeant Eyre arrived from his house in 
Queen-square, whence he was brought in a chaise, in conse- 
quence of previous indisposition. Mr. Eyre’s vote given, the 
candidates had equal numbers. Thus situated, Dr. Stukeley ex- 
ercised his right of voting a second time, as Rector of the parish, 
which he gave to Mr. Hollingbury, who was immediately declared 
duly elected. All this was in the common course of events. But 
mark the catastrophe of an ecclesiastical contested election: the 
Rector caught a violent cold in the vestry-room, that terminated 
in a paralytic stroke, and that in his death, aged upwards of 78. 
The Serjeant fell in the same room, exhausted by illness, was 
carried home, and exhausted in a few days afterwards. 

P. 112, nete, r, “ John Law, esq.” 

P. 193. The Volume of Poems published by Concanen contains 
several articles very creditable to.a young man, In 1721, in the 
Prologue to his Comedy of ‘* Wexford Wells,” he apologizes for 

** an unpractis'’d Muse, 
Who boldly soars on wings of Fame, and sings 
Ere twenty summers yet have fledg'd his wings.” - 

He wrote “ A Pastoral on the death of Thomas the first Lord 
Southwell, who died Aug. 4, 1720;" and, in “ A Survey of the 
Court,” characterized the leading Beauties and Statesmen of Ire- 
land in the Vice-royalty of the Duke of Grafton. 

« The Match at Foot-ball,” a mock-heroic in Three Cantos, 
is a pleasing description of that athletic exercise, between six 
young men of Lusk against six from Sands, two townships 
about seven miles to the North of Dublin. 

One Poem I transeribe, as the greater part of the opinions must 
be allowed. to be perfectly correct ; and it is the rather selected 
from the just compliment he pays in it to Swirt and Pors, 

“ Letter to a Criricx, in Vindication of the Mopern Poets. 
‘* How oft, my Friend, hast thou with grief unfeign’d 
Of the vast dearth of modern Wit complain’d ! 
Against 


846 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Against the Learning of our age exclaim'd ; 

cont our bing and Weitaeel defam'd! — 
o'er with rapture il's 

And swell with transport at old Homer's reget 

Unmindful that our times can Writers show, — 

Whose breasts with ardour, scarce prey glow. 

To you its date best recommends the Writ, 
And ev'ry thing that’s antient must be Wit. 
Three hundred years set Chaucer's fame to rights; 
And Spenser only for his age delights ; ; 

Fletcher, because long dead, in Fame survives, 
While Vanbrugh’s greatest fault is, that he lives. 
Such is the prejudice which Mankind sways, 
Ev'n these have had their Criticks in their days ; 

For hell-born Envy, with malignant care, 
Still blasts the praises which she cannot share, 
The haggard fiend the living Bard pursues, 
Exerts the spoiler, and infests the Muse ; 
Rescued by Fate, Fame rises from the tomb, 
And only then the bays begin to bloom. 

Since all allow the dead their shares in fame, 
Then hear me triumph in the living’s name. 
Throw off the Critick, to put on the Friend, 
And pardon what your judgment can't commend, 
Too well | know the hazards which I run, 
And see the perils I neglect to shun. 

Full of my theme, I dare infringe your laws, 
And merit censure while I give applause. 

When Southern melts in unaffected strains, 
What soft confusion in our bosom reigns! 
Reason in vain forbids our eyes to flow, 

And feign'd distress gives undissembled woe. 

Congreve, her darling, ev'ry Muse design'd, 
Congreve to no one excellence confin'd, 

Equally great in all—in him conspire 

Your Ovid's softness, and your Pindar’s fire : 

In his gay scenes the comic spirit shines, 

And all the Graces revel in his lines : 

When he with nobler pride the buskin wears, 
He moves our wonder, and commands our tears. 

Great and unmatch'd is laurel’d nn oy praise, 
At once to merit and adorn the bays 
Like some smooth riv'let flows his charming strain, 
Which neither rocks disturb, nor floods detain: 
Such depth and clearness in his verses meet, 
Strong as the stream, and as its murmurs sweet. 

With pleasing notes the woods and valleys ring 
If Pope's harmonious hand but touch the string ; 
His gentle numbers charm the ravish'd plains, 
While still attention holds the wond’ring swains. 


ADDITIONS AND CORRECTIONS. 847 


As when the birds of ev'ry tuneful kind, 
Within the limits of a grove confin'd ; a 
To him the Classics all their art have shewn, 
Yet all his wit and spirit are hisown; 
He knows their methods to pursue their race, 
Yet scorns their footsteps servilely to trace. 
Before Columbus rose, mistaken men 
B'liev'd nought beyond their sires’ short-sighted ken ; 
So heretofore our plodding Criticks thought 
Nothing was sense but what the Ancients taught, 
Till Swift launch'd forth, and boldly dar'd explore 
New worlds of Wit, unknown to those before. 
So many charms in Granville’s Muse appear, 
‘Tis doublful if his Mira be more fair: 
Mira, the sex’s envy, and their shame, 
By cruelty for ever blasts her fame, 
Unmov'd she listens to their syren tongue, 
And hears the melting accents of that song 
Which ev'ry other fair with softness wound, 
Who bless the pain, and die upon the sound. 
There Young arrests the Muse, and claims her praise 
From the vast grandeur of his tow'ring lays ; 
In him no abject words, expressions mean, 
Or grov'ling bre. tad debase the labour'd scene ; 
Him Heaven ordain’d the boast of Britain's Isle, 
Prop of her Stage, and standard of her style ; 
With pleasing force he boldly strikes the heart, 
And adds to strength and nature grace and art. 
Soft Philips next, who to his artful song 
Tunes the gay gambols of the rustic throng, 
Our lyre ennobles, and exalts our scene, 
With the great names of Sappho and Racine ; 
Reflects their beauties like a flatt’ring glass, 
And shews ev'n Strada fairer than he was: 
The tuneful hand can all our senses charm, 
With tempests please, with frozen billows warm. 
Fain would J rove through Steele's instructive page, 
Admire the Bard, and venerate the Sage ; ' 
Sewel’s unbounded excellence display, 
Or trace the pleasing elegance of Gay ; 
Their artless musick warble through the sprays, 
And in divine confusion mix their lays : 
‘The note still chang’d, our raptur’d sense confounds 
With mingling melody, and blending sounds ; 
While none its single excellence can boast, 
But in the gen’ral harmony is lost. 
Such are his works, and such is ev'ry song 
Alike all easy, and alike all strong. 
The grateful Muse to Swift exulting flies, 
By whom upborn these arduous tracts she tries ; 
Grov'ling 


848 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


Grov'ling on earth she lay unfledg’d before, 
Till, rais'd by him, she first essay'd to soar: 
Should pais them better thas tay strength of il 
ould praise t iter t Ty s' 
Their lines draw lustre from the hs salen me 
And painting ill obstruct my Caras er 
Nor are these all—unnumber'd lights appear, 
To guide our ways, and gild our hemisphere 
With pow’r illustrious, and with art divine, 
And in collected excellence they shine. 
As when the clouded mantle of the Ni 
With stars bespangled, shines serenely 
Some more conspicuous dart their trembling » rays, 
While some united form one common blaze.” 

P. 199, note, 1. 1. r. “ 1728-9." 

P, 263. Hawley Bishop, esq. the “ other kind labourer in the 
vineyard,” is enumerat by Mr. Theobald in his Preface 
his generous assistants. He probably died about oom period ; as 
did another of his friends, Edward Roome, esq. See p. 326. 

P.669. The following pathetic lines, on the death of the younger 
Dr. Lettsom, were written by the Rev. Thomas Maurice. _ 

« On virtuous Lerrsom, in his manly bloom, 
Resistless, Death's eternal shades descend ; 
While kindred love and friendship round his tomb, 
In speechless agony distracted bend. 
Ah! what avails above the vulgar throng, 
To rise in’ genius, or in worth to soar ; 
Impetuous rolls the stream of time a 
The bubble bursts, and life's gay dream 
In ev'ry st»ge of varying life approv'd, 
And still of toiling want the stedfast friend, 
He passed his transient day—admir'd—belov'd ; 
Att prais'd him living—ALt bemoan his end. 
Fiom Heaven's high throne the Almighty Sire look’d down, 
Well pleas'd to view such worth below the skies; 
He saw him ripe for an immortal crown, 
And bade his soul quit Earth for Paxapise.” 

P. 683. 1. 34. r. Elysian Fields; though, &e.—Dr. Lettsom’s 
pleasing Letter of invitation, to a Sermon for the Royal Humane 
Society, and a dinner at his Camberwell Villa, was thus answered: 

« Dear Docror, Leicester, Sept. 7, 1795. 

“ Afier three or four days hard fatigue in the exploring of 
Antiquarian Mines, on returning to Leicester th 
roatls at one in the morning, I find a large packet of letters, 
many of them from those | esteem—particularly one which I 
rend with singular pleasure, from the man who unites the two 
gualities for which Dr. Johnson commended Dr. James and Mr. 
Garrick— from him who lengthens, and him who gladdens life. 
—Yes, my good Doctor, I oa certainly meet you at Philippi; 

aye, 


ADDITIONS AND CORRECTIONS. ° 849 


aye, and philip your beef and your wine afterwards ; and look 
forward with satisfaction to our Committees in that Elysium you 
so pleasantly describe. We are congenial, I see, in the choice of 
our planets, as well as our plans ; and have no great objection to 
a slice of the Mahometan Paradise. But the rolls aud butter of 
Leicester call me tu a more solid repast; so J shall now resign the 
pen to Mr. Pridden, who is with me, and will answer for himself. 
May the comforts of this Globe be long continued to us both; 
and to all our deserving friends, and be succeeded by the conse- 
quential rewards of a better existence. Yoursever, J, Nicxots.” 
“ Dear Doctor, if possible, 1 will gladly join the jovial crew. 
« Yours respectfully, J.P.” 

P. 743. The two following publications occasioned the intro- 

duction of their respective Authorsinto the notes on The Dunciad: 
1. * Critical Observations on Shakespeare, by John Upton, 
Prebendary of Rochester, 1746 ;” a second Edition in 1748. 

This produced the following note on Book IV. ver. 237, 

«Much wiser Critics than Dennis and Gildon ; celebrated in 
the foregoing Book, who became the public scorn by a mere 
mistake of their talents. They would needs turn Critics of their 
own Countrymen (just as Aristotle and Longinus did of theirs) 
and discourse upon the beauties and defects of composition : 

How parts relate to parts, and they to whole ; 

The Body's harmony, the beaming Soul. 
Whereas had they followed the example of these Microscopes 
of Wit, Kuster, Burman, and their followers, in verbal criticism 
on the learned languages, their acuteness and industry might 
have raised them a name cqual to the anost famous of the 
Scholiasts. We can therefore but lament the late Apostasy of 
the Prebendary of Rochester, who, beginning in so good a train, 
has now turned short, to write Comments on the Fire-srps 
and Dreams upon Shakespeare; where we find the spirit of Old- 
mixon, Gildon, and Dennis, all revived in’ his belaboured obser- 
vations. Scripi,—Here, Scriblerus ! in this affair of the Fine- 
spe *, I want thy usual candour. It is true Mr. Upton did write 
notes upon it; but with all honour and good faith. He took it to 

* Bp. Warburton, in a Letter to Mr, Hurd, Feb. 24, 1749-50, thus 
notices the circumstance : “ You ask about the Prebendary of Rochester. 
Browne (the Pipe-of-Tebacco Browne) wrote a lampoon on Lord Gran- 
ville, called “* The Fire-side.” To add the more poignancy to his satire, 
he, in the wantonness of his spleen, conceived a design that Upton should 
write notes upon it. He knew him to be dull enough not to see the drift 
of the lampoon, and vain enough to think himself honoured by the re- 
quest ; so he got him to his chambers, and persuaded him to write what 
indeed he himself in part dictated to him. In this conditiou the lampoon 
was printed, and then Browne told all his acquaintance the joke, I had 
it not from himself, and therefore was at liberty to speak of it. But was 
it not a charity to caution bim against a commerce with this species of 
Wits, whose characteristic is what Mr. Pope gives them, of 

* A brain of feathers, and a heart of lead !" 

“ Upton’s offence was well known, but it is not always so. For one 
does not care to trouble the publick with particularities, nor perpetuate 
the memory of impertinent and forgotten abuse ; hence you gain the 
character, amongst those who neither know you, nor your provocations, 
of being unjustly censorious and satirical.’ 


VOL, 11. 31 be 


a 


850 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 

be a panegyric on his Patron. This it is to have to do with Wits « 

a commerce unworthy a Scholiast of so solid a? eWiWer 
‘In another Note, Book IV. 650, ‘ Aristarchus h im 

1749, is changed to “ the Mr. Upton himself” in 1751. 
2. « A Supplement to eee 


1747," of which two Editions were and another in1748, 
under the new title of “ The Canons of (Criticiam.” See the 
‘« Literary Anecdotes,” vol. IL. pp. 199, 203 ; and vol. V, p. 597. 
Mr. Edwards was bespattered in a note on the ‘* Essay on Cri+ 
ticism,” line 463; and again in The Dunciad, 1V. 568: 
But he thus spiritedly retorted on the ane 
“Sir, If Fame is one of the ingredients, or, a 
call them, értremes of happiness, 1 am more obliged he 
whom I do not know, than to any person whom I do. Had not 
you called him forth to the public notice, the orner —e 
of Lincoln’s-inn might have died in the obseurity which, you say, 
= modesty affected ; and the few who had read the last’ 
itina of Shakespeare; and the S pliner 
sighed over the one, and laughed wees other, would soon have 
forgotten both. As I have no reason to repent the effects of that 
curiosity ses you have raised on my subject, to borrow another 
expression of yours ; I take this opportunity of thanking you for 
that civil treatment, so becoming a Gentleman and a 
which I have received at your hands ; and offer to your protection 
a work, from which, if Shakespeare, or good letters, have re- 
ceived any advantage, and the publick any benefit or entertain~ 
ment, the thanks are due to Mr. Warburton. I am, Sir, not 
your enemy, though you have given me no great reason to be 
“ our very humble servant, Tuomas Epwarps.” 
P. 760. In the early Editions, The Dunciad, 111, 331, reads, 
« Hibernian politicks, O Swift, thy doom; 
And Pope's translating rurer whole years with Broome.” 
Thus benoted in 1729: “ He concludes his irony with a stroke 
upon himself: for whoever i imagines this a sarcasm on the other 
ingenious person, is surely mistaken. The opinion our Author 
had of him was sufficiently shewn, by his joining him in’ the 
undertaking of the Odyssey: in which Mr. Broome having en- 
gaged without any previous agreement, discharged his part so 
much to Mr. Pope's satisfaction, that he gratified him with the 
full sum of five hundred pounds, and a present of all those books 
for which his own interest could procure him Subscribers, to the 
value of one hundred more. The Author only seems to lament, 
that he was employed in Translation at all.” 
In 1749 the Text and the Note stand thus : 
“ Hibernian Politics, O Swift! thy fate; 
And Pope's, TEN years to comment and translate.” 
“The Author here plainly laments that he was so long em- 
ployed in translating and commenting. He began the Iliad in 
1713, and finished it in 1719. The Edition of Shakespeare 
(whieh he undertook merely because nobody else would) took up 
* In subsequent Editions the Note is wholly omitted. 
near 


ADDITIONS AND CORRECTIONS. | 851 


near two years more in the drudgery of comparing impressions; 
rectifying the scenery, &c. and the Translation of half the O.lys- 
sey employed him from that time to 1725." In the subscryuene 
Editions this Note was restored by Dr. Warburton. 

P.772, note, 1.2. 7. “ Stonehenge."—Mr. Strutt, in his “ Die- 
tionary of Engravers,” mentions Dr. Stukeley as “a celebrated 
Antiquary, who has published several curious and interesting 
works. This ingenious gentleman,” he adds, “drew the greater 
part of the Designs for the Plates with which they are embel- 
lished, and etehed a considerable number of them with his own 
hand; particulavly those for the ‘ Itinerarium Curiosum.’” —In 
Ayscough's Catalogue of MSS. in the British Museum, 1782, are 
noticed the following articles by Dr. Stukeley ; 1. Observations 
on Natural History, in his Travels through E: id, 1721 (4432.) 
2. Account of a Shower of Wheat, 1732 (Ibi 8. An Account 
of his Book on the Course and Cure of the oat, 1733 (Ibid.) 
4. An Account of a Chaise that was beworked by a Man carried’ 
upon it, and vertical Ships, 1740-1, with a Drawing (4431), 
5. Account of a Silver Plate found at Risley in Derbyshire (4438). 
—I have several neat Drawings by the Doctor of Druidical and 
Antiquarian subjects ; one particularly, which he calls ‘A View 
from my Study Window, Ormond-street, two doors West of 
Powis-house, 1722. The View presents the site of my house and 
grounds at Kentish Town; which I purchased 40 years after."— 
Another Drawing is called “ The Duke of Montagu's Mausoleum, 
July 13, 1746.” 

P. 773. Mr. Creyk was Chaplain and Executor to his noble: 
Friend the Earl of Winchelsea. 

P. 796, 1. 35. for “solicitude,” r. “ service.” 

P. 814. David Fordyce, Professor of Philosophy in the Maris- 
chal College, Aberdeen, and Author of several valuable works, 
was born in that City, in 1711, probably in March, as we find 
he was baptized on April 1. His father was an eminent mer- 
chant, who had a family of twenty children by his wife, a sister’ 
to Dr. Thomas Blackwell. This, their second son, after being: 
educated at the Grammar School of his native city, was entered 
of Marischal College in 1724, where he went through a course of 
Philosophy under Professor Daniel Garden, and of Mathematics 
under Mr. John Stewart. He took his degree of M. A. in 1728, 
when he was but little more than seventeen years old. Being: 
intended for the Church, his next application was to the study of 
Divinity, under the Professor of that branch, James Chalmers. 
Mr. Fordyce studied Divinity with great ardour, the utmost of 
his ambition being Ordination in a Church that affords her sons 
but a moderate emolument. Circumstances with which we are 
unacquainted, appear to have prevented his full intention, as he 
never became a settled Minister in the Establishment of his na- 
tive country. He was admitted, however, to what may be 
termed the first-degree of orders in the Church of Scotland, that 
is, he was licensed to preach, and continued to preach occasion- 
ally for some time. He is said, indeed, to have been once Do- 

3 mestic 


852 ILLUSTRATIONS OF LITERATURE. 


mestic Chaplain to John Hopkins, esq. of Bretuns, near Rurm- 
ford, in Essex, who had a regular service —_ Sunday in the 
chapel of the house ; but there is reason to he did noi con- 
tinue long in this situation, and that he returned home, as in 
Sept. 1742 he was appointed une of the Professors of Philosophy 
in the Marischal College. The duties of the Philosophie Profs. 
sorship at that time included Natural History, Chronology, 
Greek and Roman Antiquities, Mechanics, Opties, and Astro- 
nomy, which were taught during three sessions, or years, to the 
same pupils. This system is now altered, but that Mr. Fordyce was 
well qualified for the above-mentioned laborious task was uni- 
versally acknowledged. When Dodsley formed the design of “The 
Preceptor,” Mr. Fordyce was one of the ingenious men of whose 
assistance he availed himself, and who wrote the ninth division 
of the Work, on Moral Philosophy, which attracted so much 
attention, that a separate publication was soon called for, and 
appeared in 1754 under the title of ‘‘ The Elements of Moral 
Philosophy,” and has gone through various editions. It is un- 
doubtedly one of the best compendiums of Ethics that had then 
appeared, being -both elegant and entertaining, as well as in- 
structive. Previously to this, however, Mr. Fordyce had attracted 
some notice as an Author, though without his name, in * Dia- 
logues concerning Education,” vol. 1. 1745; Il. 1748: a Work of 
very considerable merit, but somewhat tinged with the 
of the school of Shaftesbury, although entirely free from its 
more injurious notions. He was engaged in other literary de- 
signs, and afforded the promise of rising to great eminence in 
the world, when he was cut off by a premature death. In 1750 
he made a tour through France, Italy, and other countries, with 
icular view to visit Rome, and was returning home in 1751, 
when he unhappily lost his life, in the forty-first year of his age, 
by a storm on the Coast of Holland. In 1752 was published, 
from a finished MS. «‘ Theodorus: a Dialogue concerning the Art 
of Preaching,” 12mo, which is a work of considerable utility to 
young Divines, and has been repeatedly printed along with his 
brother Dr. James Fordyce’s Sermon on “ ‘The Eloquence of the 
Pulpit." Mr. David Fordyce’s last production was left by him in 
an unfinished state, but not so incomplete as to be unworthy of 
publication, It was entitled “‘ The Temple of Virtue, a Dream,” 
and was given to the world in 1757, by his brother James, who 
added to the descriptive yurt of the Temple twelve characters that 
had a claim to a place in it, in the drawing of which several 
living characters were intended, particularly the late Earl of 
Chatham. Mr. Fordyce Jeft several other brothers; of whom the 
youngest, Alexander, attained an unhappy celebrity by his ruin- 
ous speculations asa banker, Two others, James and Sir Wil- 
liam, were highly respected ; the former as an elegant popular 
Preacher, the latter as a skilful Physician, Chalmers, Biog, Dict. 


THE END OF VOL. II. 


Printed by Nichols, Son, and Bentley, 
Red Lion Passage, Fleet Street, London, 


DAYERISCHE 
STAATS- 

FLIOTHEK 
WE SINE FENCHEN 


HE 3 


dela 


Bet ie MDZ PiatlsterunysZentrun 
taatsBibliothe! Digitale Bibliothek 


Nichols, John 


llustrations of the itrary history of the eighteenth century consisting 
of authentic memoirs and original letters of eminent persons; and intended 
as a sequel to The Iterary anecdotes 

Bd 2 


London (1817) 


Hilitu, 204-2 
urn:nbn:de:bvb:12-bsb10447843-1 


