. ' 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 
in  2016 


https://archive.org/details/accountofenglishOOIang 


A N 

ACCOUNT 

OF  THE 

Englifh  Dramatick 

POET  S. 

: Q R,  • , 

Some  OBSERVATIONS 

•"  'And  • -•  • 

R E'MAR  K S 

On  the  Lives  and  Writings,  of  all  thole  that 
have  Publifh’d  either  Comedies,  Trage- 
dies,Tragi-Comedies,Paftorals,Mafques, 
Interludes,  Farces,  or  Opera’s  in  the 
ENGLISH  TONGUE, 


By  Gerard  Langbaine. 


O X F 0 R *5, 

Printed  by  L.L.  for  GEORGE  WEST, 
and  HENRY  CLEMENTS. 

An.  Dorn.  i6qi. 


1 


To  The  RIGHT  HONOURABLE 

JAMES, 

Earl  of  HB ING  TO  N, 

Baron  NORREYS,  ofRicoTT; 

Their  Majesties  Ld  Lieutenant 
o{  OXFORDSHIRE. 

My  Lord,, 

I Should  not  have  prefumd  to 
have  prefix'd  Jo  Great  a 
Name  to  fo  mean  a IVorh, 
had  I not  been  fufficiently 
affurd  that  Candour  and  Good- 
nefs,  are  not  the  ieaft  of  thofe 
Excellent  Qualities,  which  have 
acquir'd  Tou  the  Love  and  Efleem 
of  all  that  have  the  Honour  to 
know  Tou.  ' Tis  this  Confedera- 
tion, joy  rid  with  the  Experience 
of  Tour  Lor dfhip' s former  Fa- 
vours, which  rais'd  me  to  the  Con- 
fidence of  expreffing  my  Obliga- 
tions to  Tour  Honour,  by  dedica - . 

a % tin? 


The  Epistle  Dedicatory. 

ting  not  fo  much  the  following 
Sheets,  as  My  Self,  the  Compiler 
of  them , to  Tour  Lord/hip  s Ser- 
vice. But  Jam  afraid  loth  the 
Tiece  aud  its  Author,  are  fo  in- 
confiderable  in  them} elves, and  fo 
unworthy  of  Tour  Lord/hif  s Eye 
& Regard;  that  my  Offering  will 
Jeem  to  moft  Men,  to  have  more 
of  Trefumption  than  Gratitude 
in  it.  And  truly, My  Lord,  lam 
fo  fenfible  of  the  Objection,  That 
tho ’ I would  willingly  Jhroud  my 
felf  under  Tour  Lord/hif  s Ta- 
tronage,  yet  I dare  not  in  the 
leaf  implore  it  for  the  Effay  it 
felf ; which  hath  fo  many  faults, 
that  fome  may  be  apt  to  cen- 
fure  the  whole  Undertaking  as 
an  unpardonable  One : and  lam 
unwilling  that  Tour  Lord/hif  s 
Name  flooud  be  ufed,  in  the  de- 
fence of  a Trifle,  which  it  ?night 
have 


The  Epistle  Dedicatory. 

have  been  perhaps  more  for  thb 
Author's  Credit  to  have  conceal'd 
than  publi/h'd. 

And  now  having  [aid  thus  much 
in  Excufe  of  my  [elf,  I muftcon- 
fefi  I was  never  under  a greater 
Temptation , to  fay  fame  thing,  ac- 
cording to  the  Modern  Cuftome  of 
Dedicat  ions , in  Traife  of  Tour  LP; 
hut  that  I fear  Ifoould  need  ano- 
ther kind  of  Apology , Jhould  I at- 
tempt to  give  a Char  after  of  Tour 
Terfonal  Worth  and  Excellency ; 
or  enlarge  upon  thofe Eminent  Ser- 
vices,with  which Tou have  obligd 
both  Tour  Trince  and  Country,  in 
the  mo  ft  hazardousT ryals  of  Tour 
Loyalty  fyAff eft  ion  to  each, when 
either  the  Rights  of  the  Or  own, or 
the  Liberties  of  the  Teople  call d 
for  Tour  AJJiJlance : Tour  Lord) hip 
beingjlill  one  of  iheV\xft.,that  was 
content  to  have  thefe  Tour  Obliga - 
a 3 tions 


The  Epistle  Dedicatory. 
lions  cancell d and  forgotten;  and 
who  never  faffed  d either  the  Ca- 
refjes  of  theCourt,or  the  Applauje 
of  the  Populac  e/o  tempt  Tou from 
Tour'Dutj/yOrlburTofl:  But  having 
adorn'd  theGreatOfficeTou  under- 
took, and  nobly  defended  the  Re- 
ligion Tou profejldfby fleering  be- 
twixt the  hot  bla/ls  of  Zeal the 
colder  calms  of  Indifferency ) Tou 
generoufly  declin  d to  make  Tour 
Services  appear  mercenary > or  by 
raifing  Tour  Self  to  a higher  Sta- 
tion , give  the  IVorld  occafion  to  fu- 
fpeCt  that  Tou  courted  Virtue  and 
Religioner  any  other  than  their 
own  Rewards : IVhich  that  Tour 
JLord/hip  may  happily  enjoy  is  the 
Conflant  and  Affectionate  JVi/h  of 

Your  Lordship’s 

Moft  Oblig’d,  F aithful  and 
Humble  Servant, 

GERARD  LANGBAINE. 


The  PREFACE. 


MY  former  Catalogue  of  Plays,  in 
fpite  of  the  Malice  and  poor  De- 
fignes  of  fome  of  the  Poets  and 
their  Agents,  to  deftroy  its  Reputation, 
(by  printing  a Spurious  Title-page,  and 
an  uncorre&ed  Preface)  has  notwithftand- 
ing  found  fo  kind  a Reception  from  the 
Generality  of  Unbyafs’d  Judges;  that 
I thought  my  lelf  oblig’d  by  Gratitude, 
as  well  as  Promife,  to  revife  it : tho’  it 
were  only  to  purge  it  of  thole  Errata’s 
contrafted  in  the  former  Edition.  I am 
fo  far  from  relenting  what  I have  en- 
terprise, ( as  fome  have  been  pleas’d  to 
report)  that  I am  only  forry  that  my  Pow- 
er is  not  equal  to  the  Zeal  I have  for  the 
Memory  of  thole  Illuftrious  Authors, 
the  Clafficks,  as  well  as  thole  later  Wri- 
ters of  our  own  Nation,  Mr  ShakeJJxar , 
Fletcher , John f on,  Cotv  ley,  &c.  that  1 might 
be  capable  of  doing  them  better  Service, 
in  vindicating  Their  Fame,  and  in  expo- 
ling  our  Modern  Plagiaries , by  detecting 
Part  of  their  Thefts.  I fay  Part , becaufe 
I cannot  be  fuppos’d  to  have  trac’d  them 
a 4 in 


The  Treface. 

in  All:  And  having  no  Partners  in  my 
Bifcovery,  it  cannot  be  expected  but  that 
many  things  .will  efcape  my  Obfervation. 
However,  this  may  ferve  for  a Hint  to  o- 
thers ; who  being  better  vers’d  in  Books, 
may  build  upon  the  Foundation  which  is 
here  laid.  And  who  ever  perufes  the  fol- 
lowing Sheets,  will  find  the  Obfervation 
of  Paulus  Jovius , to  be  very  applicable  to 
mod  of  the  Poets  of*  this  Age ; CaJIrant 
alios , lit  Libros  fuos  per  ft  gracilesyalieno  adi - 
pe  ftjfarciant. 

But  how  juft  loever  my  Defign  may 
feem  to  un prejudic’d  dreaders,  I muft  ex- 
pert to  be  loudly  exclaim’d  againft,  if  not 
openly  a {faulted  by  thofe  Poets , who  may 
think  themfelves  injur’d  in  their  Reputar 
tion  by  the  following  Remarks:  But  I am 
already  prepar’d  for  the  worft ; having 
learnt  from  the  Author  of  Abfalom  and 
Achitopbel  (*),  i That  how  honeft  foever 
‘ the  Delign  be,  he  who  draws  his  Pen  for 
* One  Party,  muft  expect  to  make  Ene- 
■ inies  of  the  Other ; and  every  Man  is  a 
‘ Knave  or  an  Afs  to  the  contrary  fide.  I 
iliall  therefore  leave  the  Poets  to  their  own 
Management,  whilft  I addrefs  my  felf  to 
my  difingag’d Reader,  whom  I hope  to  find 

(*$)  It  the  Epi/ilt • . ; 

Fa- 


The  Treface. 

Favourable,  to  One  who  aims  only  at  his 
Diverfion ; and  intends  never  to  trouble 
the  World  again  on  this  Subject. 

I have  endeavour’d  to  make  this  Piece 
as  uleful  as  the  Subject  wiould  bear,  or  my 
Abilities  reach ; and  I am  almoft  confi- 
dent, that  they  who  were  fatisfied  with 
my  former  Catalogue , will  be  much  more 
favourable  to  This  Account  of  the  Drama- 
tick  Poets : fi nee  they  will  find  This  fo  dif- 
ferent from  That , both  in  Form  and  Mat- 
ter, that  it  may  juftly  be  ftil’d  A New 
Book. 

In  the  Firft  place  then  I have  given  a 
fuecin£t  Account  of  the  Time  in  which 
moft  of  the  Ancient  Poets  liv’d ; the  place 
of  their  Nativity,  Quality,  Death,  Writ- 
ings, &c.  in  a larger  manner  than  either 
Mr.  Philips  or  Mr.  Winftanley ; and  have 
collected  all  the  material  Paffages  of  their 
Lives,  which  I found  fcattered  in  Doctor 
Puller , Lloydd , d ‘Woody  &c.  into  One  Vo- 
lume, for  the  greater  Eafe  of  the  Rea - 
dery  and  Advantage  to  the  Work.  I 
have  not  indeed  always  cited  my  Autho- 
rities, to  avoid  loading  the  Page ; tho’I 
here  once  for  all  make  my  ^publick  Ac- 
knowledgment to  the  Fore-mention’d,  as 
well  as  other  worthy  Writers,  to  whom  I 

have 


The  Treface. 

have  been  oblig’d  in  the  compiling  this 
Treatife.  Neither  have  I omitted  to  ap- 
ply my  felf  to  feveral  Perfons  now  living 
for  Information,  feme  of  which  promis’d 
me  great  matters ; which  occafioned  my 
deferring  the  Publication  for  lome  time : 
but  I found  that  the  Memoires  I expected 
from  London , were  like  to  arrive  with 
Cardinal  Perron's  Manufcripts  from  Rome; 
which  he  was  to  make  ufe  of  in  his  Vindi- 
cation of  Henry  le  Grand:  and  that  fhould 
I have  flay’d  for  the  completion  of  thefe 
Promifes,  the  Louvre  would  have  fooner 
been  finifbt  than  my  Book. 

Secondly,  I have  in  this  Edition,  given 
the  Reader  a large  Account  of  the  Title- 
page  of  each  Play  which  I have  feen,  as 
the  Double  Titles ; the  Place  where  a&ed, 
the  Date  when  printed,  and  the  Perfon  to 
whom  Dedicated;  with  other  Obferva- 
ons,  which  might  obiter  occur  or  relate 
more  immediately  to  each  Play. 

Thirdly,  As  to  thofe  Plays  founded  on 
Hiftory,  inlfead  of  One  or  Two,  ( as  for- 
merly) I have  cited  moft  of  the  Hiftori- 
ans  that  have  treated  on  that  Subje£fc,  that 
the  Reader  might  compare  the  Play,  with 
the  Original  Story . I have  not  mention’d 
fo  many  Authors,  out  of  hopes  of  being 

count- 


The  Preface. 

counted  Induftrious,  or  to  beget  an  Opi- 
nion in  the  World  of  my  Reading : Tho* 
as  an  Ingenious  Author  obferves  *,  ‘ This 
‘Humor  poffelfeth  many  Men,  that  brag 
‘of  many  Books  Coming  under  their  Dil- 
‘ covery  : as  if  not  only  with  the  Mice  they 
‘had  crept  through  the  Crannies  of  all 
‘ Libraries ; but  alio  with  the  Mothes , had 
‘ got  betwixt  the  Leaves  of  all  Treatifes 
* therein.  I am  fo  far  from  affeCling  Title- 
Learning,  in  which  every  Bookfeller  would 
perhaps  excel  me,  that  I am  willing  to 
acknowledge  to  the  Reader,  that  I am 
owing  to  the  Compendious  Collections  of 
Historians  and  Chronologers,  for  their  Di- 
rections,to  find  any  Story  or  ACtion  in  the 
Original  Author ; and  therefore  fhall  ac- 
count it  no  leflening  to  my  Reputation  to 
be  trac’d  in  Calvifius , Spondanus , Lloyd, Mo- 
reri,  and  the  like. 

Fourthly,  As  to  the  Drammas , which  are 
founded  on  Romances  or  Forreign  Plays, 
I have  much  enlarg’d  my  Remarks  ; hav- 
ing employ’d  a great  p rt(if  not  too  much) 
of  my  Time  in  reading  Plays  and  Novels, 
in  feveral  Languages ; by  which  means  I 
have  difcovered  many  more  Thefts  than 
thole  in  the  former  Catalogue ; and  have 

(*)  Fuller’;  cbr*  Hip*  f.  43* 

1 


(for 


The  T rtf  ace . 

( for  the  Readers  Eafe,  as  well  as  my  own 
Vindication)  cited  the  particulars  of  each 
Plagiary,  to  obviate  an  Objection  of  a 
certain  Poet,  who  profefles  he  has  not 
ftollen  half  of  what  I then  accufed  him  of. 

What  Reception  this  Piece  may  find  in 
the  World,  I am  not  very  follicitous,  nor 
greatly  concern’d : fince  (as  the  Judicious 
Sr. Robert  Howard  has  obferv’d  *)  ‘Things 
‘ of  this  Nature,  tho’  never  fo  Excellent, or 

* never  fo  Mean,  have  feldome  prov’d  the 

* Founda  tion  of  Men’s  New-  built  Fortunes, 
‘ or  the  Ruineof  their  Old.  I am  fo  far  from 
valuing  my  felf  upon  this  Performance, 
that  if  there  be  any  thing  in  it  worth 
Commendation,  the  Poets  are  at  liberty  to 
father  it  upon  whom  they  pleafe,or  claim 
it  as  their  own  , without  my  taking  any 
offence  at  it : And  if  I can  but  be  fo  happy 
as  to  obtain  a Pardon  from  the  more  folid 
part  of  Mankind,for  having  mif-fpent  my 
Time  in  thefe  Lighter  Studies,  I promife 
for  the  future, , to  imploy  my  felf  on  Sub- 
jects pf  more  Weight  and  Importance. 

(*)  FwfHo  4 Flays  FoL 


GER.  LAKGBAIKE. 


The  Authors  Names. 


A. 

William  Alexander 
E.ofSterline.  i 
Robert  Armin.  6 
B. 

Abraham  Baily.  6 
John  Banckroft.  6 
John  Banks.  7 

Barnaby  Barnes.  9 
Robert  Baron.  1 o 

Lodowick  Barrey.  14 
Francis  Beaumont.  14 
Capt.  Will.  Bedloe.  ly 
Mrs.AJlraa  Behn.  17 
D abridge  c. Belch ier.  24 
Richard  Bernard.  2.4 
A?.Boyle  E.Orrery.  2,7 
Mrs.  Fran.  Boothby.  2 .6 
Samuel  Brandon.  3 o 
Anthony  Brewer.  30 
Alexander  Brome.  31 
Richard  Brome.  3 3 
Fulk  Lord  Brook.  3 8 
Henry  Burkhead.  41 
Henry  Burnel.  42 
C. 

Lady  Eliz.  Carew.  43 
Thomas  Carew.  43 
Lodowic^CarlclL  45- 
James  Carlifle.  49 


Richard  Carpenter,  jo 
Will.  Carthwright.  jri 
Rob.  Chamberlain,  $6 
Will.  Chamberlain.  y6 


George  Chapman.  57 
Sir  AJlon  Cockain.  £7 
Edward  Cook.  7 1 
John  Cook.  72 

John  Corey.  73 

Charles  Cotton.  74 
Abraham  Cowley.  77 
Robert  Cox.  89 

John  Crown.  90 

Z>. 

John  Dancer.  97 

Samuel  Daniel.  100 


Dr.  Ch.  Davenant  ir<» 
Sr. Will.  Davenant.  106 
Robert  Davenport.  ii(> 


Robert  Dabourn  117 
John  Day.  1 1 8 

Thomas  Decker.  121 
Sr.  John  Denham.  1 2$- 
Jjohn  Dover.  129 
John  Dryden.  130 
Thomas  Duffet,  177 
Thomas  Durfey.  1 79 
E. 

Edw.  Eccleflon.  r8>“ 


Sr. Geo.  Etheridge.  186 

F. 


The  Authors  Names. 


F. 

Sr.  Fr.  F ane,  Jun.  1 8 8 
Sr.  Rich.  F ranfhaw.  190 
L.  Fife.  Falkland,  197 
/Nathaniel  Field.  198 
Richard  Fleknoc.  199 
"John  Fletcher.  203 
Jihn  Ford.  219 

Thomas  Ford.  222 
John  Fountain.  223 
Atraham  Fraunce.  223 
Sr. Ralph  Freeman.  226 
Ulpian  Fulwel.  227 
G. 

Gecrge  Gafcoigne.  228 
Htrtry  Glapthorn.  231 
Thmas  Goff!  233 
Rolert  Gomerfal.  237 
Franc.  Goldfmith.  238 
Alex.  Green.  241 
Robert  Green.  241 
H. 

Will.  Habington.  243 
Peter  Hauflead.  244 
Rickard  Head.  246 
Will  Hemtnings.  247 
Jafper  Heywood.  248 
John  Hey  wood.  273 
Thomas  Heywood.  25- <5 
Bar  ten  Hollyday.  270 
Charles  Hool.  272 
Edw.  Howard.  274 
James  Ho  ward.  27 s 
>ir.  Floward.  276 


James  Howel.  277 

Thomas  Jevorn.  280 
Thomas  Ingeland.  280 
Benjamin  Joh  nfon . 280 
Thomas  Jordan.  306 
William  Joyner.  3 08 

Henry  Killegrew . 3 09 
Thomas  Killegrew.  311 
xST./^/ZKiilegrew.  314 
Thomas  Kirke.  3 iy 
Ralph  Knevet.  315 
Thomas  Kyd.  3 id 
L. 

John  Lacy.  317 

John  Leanard.  319 
Nathaniel  Lee.  320 
John  Lilly.  3 27 

Thomas  Lodge.  330 
Sr. William  Lower.  332 
Thomas  Lupon.  334 

M. 

Lewis  Machin.  334 
John  Maidwell.  3 3^ 
Br.Jafper  Main.  33d 
Cofmo  Manuch.  338 
Gervafe  Markham.  340 
Chrijloph.  Marloe.  342 
Shaker leyMo. rmion.  345- 
Marfton.  347 
Mafon.  35-2 
Thil.  Maffinge  r.  3^2 
Thomas  May.  360 
Re-. 


Robert  Mead.  %6$- 
Mattb.  Medbourn  366 
Thomas  Meriton.  367 
Tho.  Middleton  370 
John  Milton.  3 75- 
Walt.  Mountague.  377 
#77/  Mountfort.  3 78 
A': 

Thomas  Nabbes.  3 79 
Thomas  Nafh.  381 
Alex.  Nevile.  Ib. 
Robert  Nevile.  384. 
Duke  o/"Newcaflle.  3 8.5- 
Dutch. Newcaflle.  390 
Thomas  Newton.  394 
Thomas  Nuce.  39^ 
O. 

Thomas  Otway.  39^ 
T. 

John  Pallgrave.  400 
GVorge  Peel.  401 
Tjjfy  Pembroke.  402 


The  Authors  Names, 


y — 

Mrs.Kath. Philips.  403 


Sam.  Pordage 
Henry  Porter. 

Thomas  Porter. 

George  Powel. 

Thomas  Prefton. 

Edm.  Preftwith. 

Francis  Quarks. 

R. 

Thomas  Randolph.  411 
£V«?.Ravcnfcroft.  417 


4o5 

/*. 

407 
Ib. 

408 

409 

409 


Thomas  Rawlins. 
Edward  Revet. 

Nath.  Richards. 
William  Rider. 
William  Rowley. 
Samuel  Rowley. 

Jofeph  Rutter. 

Thomas  Rymer. 

£ 

Tho.St.  Serf. 

William  Sampfbn. 
George  Sandy s. 

Charles  Saunders. 
Elkanah  Settle. 

Tho.  Shadwell. 

W <11.  Shakefpear. 
Lewis  Sharpe. 

Edw.  Sharpham. 

S.  Shepheard. 

Ed.  Sherbourn. 

Tho.  Shipman. 

Hen.  Shirley. 

James  Shirley. 

Sir  Charles  Sidky.  48* 
John  Smith.  488 

Will.  Smith.  Ibid. 

Tho.  Southern.  489 

Tho.  Stanley.  Ibid. 

Sir  Rob.  Stapleton.  49  r 
John  Stephens.  49 ; 

Will.  Strode.  Ibid. 

JohnSiwdXty.  494 
Sir  John  Suckling.  496 
Gilbert  Swinhoe.  499 
Na- 


4H 

W 

42,6 

417 

428 

43® 

Ib. 

432 

434 
43^ 

435 

438 

439 
442 

4H 

4^9 

47o 

47t 

472, 

472 

Ibid 

474 


The  jftithorsltf ames. 


r. 

Nathaniel  T ate.  500 
John  Tateham.  yo2. 
Robert  Taylour.  503 
‘Tho.  Thomfon.  Ibidx 
Mich.  Trott.  504 
Rich.  Tuke.  Ibid. 
Coll.  S.  Tuke.  505 
Cyi/Turneur.  Ibid. 
John  Tutchin.  50  6 
tV. 

Lewis  Wager.  5-06 
Edm.  Waller.  507 
Geo.WapuI.  508 


Will.  Wayer.  “> 

.A*.  Weaver.  >508 
Webfter.  \ 
Watlon  51  o 

Whitaker.  511 

Dr.  Rob.  Wild.  lb. 
Leon.  Willan.  Ib. 
George  Wilkins.  51a 
Rob.  Wilmot.  Ibid. 
John  Wilfon.  Ibid. 
Rob  Wright  514 
mil.  Wytcherley.  Ib. 

r. 

Rob.  Y arrington.  516 


The  Names  of  the  Authors  in 
the  Appendix. 


Jofeph  Harris. 

Tho.  Sack  vile,  and  Tho.  Norton 
Mr.  Wilfon. 


t * ] 

y 


ACCOUNT 

OF  THE 

Dramatick  Poets. 


A. 

William  Alexander.,  Earl 
of  Sterline. 

OU  R Alphabet  begins  with  this  wor- 
thy Nobleman,  who  was  a Scot  by 
Birth ; and  liv’d  in  the  Time  of 
King  James  the  Firft  of  England \ and  the 
Sixth  of  Scotland.  All  that  I am  able  to  ac- 
quaint my  Readers  with,  concerning  his  pri- 
vate Affairs,  or  Family,  is  only  this  fhort  ac- 
count ; that  he  was  much  in  Favour  with  his 
Sovereign,  and  Father  to  the  prefent  Earl  of 
Sterline. 

The  Occafion  of  his  being  mention’d  in  our 
Catalogue,  is,  from  four  Monarchic k Tragediesy 
(as  he  ftiles  them,)  which  are  in  Print  under 
his  Name,  viz.  The  Alexandrian  Tragedy , 
Crcef'us,  T)axmsy  znd  Julius  Cat  far. 

Thefe  Plays  feem  to  be  writ  with  great 
A Judg~ 


2 An  Account  of  the 

Judgment,  and  (if  I miftake  not)  the  Author 
Jtas  propos’d  the  Ancients,  for  his  Pattern ; 
hv  bringing  in  the  Chorus  between  the  Ads. 
They  are  grave,  and  lententious,  throughout, 
like  the  Tragedies  of  Seneca  \ and  yet  where 
the  foft.er,and  more  tender  Paflions  are  touch ’t , 
they  feem  as  moving,  as  the  Plays  lo  much 
in  vogue  with  the  Ladies  of  this  Age.  The 
greateff  objedion  that  I know  againlfc  them, 
is  the  Choice  the  Author  has  made  of  his 
Verfe,  which  is  alternate,  like  the  Quatrains 
of  the  French  Poet  Pibroch;  or  Sr.  tVilliam 
‘Davenant's  Heroick  Poem , call’d  Gondibert. 
This  meafure  of  Verfe  has  lately  been  found 
fault  with  by  an  Eminent  Critick  ( a ) not- 
withflandmg  what  Sr.  JViUiam  ( b ) has  urg’d 
in  its  Defence.  I (hall  not  pretend  to  decide 
the  Controverfy,  blit  leave  it  to  my  Reader, 
to  perufe  both  their  Arguments  at  leifure.  It 
may  poffibly  be  objegled  that  his  Stile  is  not 
pure,  but  as  the  Author  has  already  pleaded 
his  Country,  (c)  fo  he  ought  to  be  excus'd  by 
all  Englilh  Cmicks,  having  given  the  pre- 
ference to  our  Tongue,  as  exceeding  the 
Scotch  '2}m/ci%boih  in  Elegance  and  Perfection. 

His  Tragedies,  are  all  df'them  founded  on 
Hiftory,  and  he  basic  flndlyty’d  himfelf  to 
it,  that  even  his  Epijodes , (which  ufually,  are 
the  foie  Invention  of  every  Author)  are  found- 
ed on  Truth  like  wile. 

The  Alexandrian  Tragedy  is  a proof  of  this ; 

(a)  Mr.  KymAi  Pref.  to  Kapi>i'i  IV.H:£liOcns  on  Anftr.U’s 
Trettife  of  Poetry,  (b)  Prcfzce  to  Go4dibarl.  (cj  Epiflle  to 
Viths  <pV  Edit.  Zdifh  1603. 

lor 


Drum  At  hk  Poets.  2 

for  after  tlie  Firfl:  AB,  which  is  wholly  em- 
ployed by  Alexander's  Ghojl  (poflibly  in  imi- 
tation of  Senecas  Thjejles  : ) the  r ell  of  the 
Play  is  wholly  circmnlcrib’d  by  Hiftory.  The 
The  Play  is  built  upon  the  Differences  about 
the  Succeflion,  that  arofe  between  Alexander  s 
Captains  after  his  Deceafe.  The  Second  Aft 
begins  with  the  Councel  held  by  TerdiccaSy 
GMeleagery  and  the  rell  of  the  Commanders. 
The  Author  has  chiefly  followed  %Jdurtius 
lib.  to.  cap.  6.  &feq.  and  Juft  in  lib.  15.  But 
there  are  other  Authors  that  have  toucht  upon 
this  Story,  as  well  Annalifls  as  Hiftorians ; 
which  for  the  Reader’s  fatisfa&ion  I Hull  fet 
down.  Such  are,  'Diodorus  Siculus  lib.  18.  0- 
rojiuj  lib.  3.  cap.  11.  Jofephus  lib.  12.  cap.  1. 

Appian  de  Beilis  Syriacis. Saliani  Annales 

EcclefiaHici  A.  M.  3730.  Nurn.  30.  &c.  Torniel. 
A.  M.  3 730.  N.  $.  &c.  Raleigh's  Hifl.  lib. a j..  c.3, 
Heylin's  Hill.  of  Greece , Howell , &c. 

Crcefus , is  chiefly  borrow’d  from  Herodotus , 
fee  lib.  1 . five  Clio.  You  may  confult  likewife, 
Jufiin  lib.  1.  cap.  7.  Tint  arch's  Life  of  Solon , 
lee  befides  Salian.  Torniel.  A.  M.  35-10.  In  the 
Fifth  Aft  there  is  an  Epifode  of  Abradates , and 
Tanthtea,  which  the  Author  has  copied  from 
Xenophon's  Cyropaideia,  Or  the  Life  and  Inlti- 
tution  of  Cyrus , Lib.  7.  and  the  Ingenious 
Scuderjy  has  built  upon  this  Foundation,  in 
that  diverting  Romance,  call’d  Grand  Cyrus , 
fee  Part^.  Book  1.  I leave  it  to  the  Readers, 
which  Romance  is  belt,  the  Copy,  or  the 
Original. 

Dariusj  was  the  firfl  Prcfent  our  Author 
A 2,  made 


4 A»  Account  of  the 

nude  the  world,  at  which  time  he  was  Lord 
C 'Menftr'te.  He  printed  this  Tragedy  at  Edin- 
borough , in  quarto  1605.  and  dedicated  it  to  K. 
‘James  VI,  by  a Copy  of  three  Stanzas.  It  was 
firft  compos’d  in  a mixt  Dialedt  of  Englilh  and 
Scoth,  and  evert  then,  was  commended  by  two 
Copies  of  Verfes.  The  Author  has  iince  pol- 
lifhed  and  corrected  much  of  his  Native  Lan- 
guage, and  even  the  Play  it  fell  is  alter’d,  and 
’tis  now  reprinted  with  tjie  Reft  of  his  Works* 
For  the  Plot  of  this  Play,  read  Curtins,  lib. 
3, 4,  and  jr,  and  Jujt/n,  lib.  1 1.  cap.  $.  &c.  See 
befides  Diodorus  lib.  1*7.  Arrian  ae  Expeditionc 
Alexandr't  lib.  2.  ‘Plutarch’s  Life  of  Alexander. 
Sali an.  A.  M.  27 19.  &C, 

Julius  Co-far  is  founded  on  Hiftory,  and  the 
Header  may  find  many  Authors  that  give  an 
account  of  his  Aftions,  particularly  Plutarch , 
and  Suetonius , each  of  which  writ  his  Life. 
See  belides  Appiati  de  Beilis  QiyilbuSy  lib.  a. 
E/or  us  lib.  4.  cap.  2.  Sali  an.  Torniel  &c. 

Befides  theft  Plays,  he  writ  feveraf  other 
Poems,  of  a different  $pecies.,  viz.  Doomfday, 
or  the  great  day  of  the  Lord’s  Judgment;  a 
Poem  divided  into  Twelve  Books  which  the 
Author  calls  Hours.  A ‘Parxnaefis  to  ‘Prince 
Henry,  who  dying  before  it  was  publifh’d,  he 
dedicated  it  to  Prince  Charles , afterwards  King 
and  Martyr.  Jonathan,  an  Heroick  Poem  in- 
tended ; but  the  firft  Book  only  extant.  He 
writ  ail  thefe  Poems  in  the  Ottavo  Bima  of 
Taffo,  or,  as  i3iichael  Drayton  calls  it,  ) A 
Stanza  of  Eight  fines ; Six  interwoven,  and  a 
'~(d)  1°  IWto  ff’trSt 


Couplet 


Dramatuk  Poets.  5 

Couplet  in  Bafe.  I (hall  leave  .their  Excellency 
to  the  judgment  of  Cri  tides,;  Who  may  view 
them  at  lei  lure ; his  Plays  jmd  Ppems  being  all 
printed  together  in  Folio,  under  the  Title  of 
Recreations  with  the  Mufes  : printed  at  Lond. 
163  and  dedicated  to  His  Sacred  Majetty  K. 
Charles  the  Firlt,  of  Bielled  Memory. 

This  being  all  the.  Account  I am  able  to  give 
of  our  Author  and  his  Works,  I mutt  have 
recourfc  to  an  old  Copy  of  Verles  (tiled  1 he 
Cenfureof  the  Poets,  which  tho’  mean  in  them* 
(elves,  fhew  the  Opinion  the  unknown  Author 
had  of  our  Poet : Part  of  which  Copy  take  as 
follows v. 

So  Scotland  pent  us  hither  for  our  otic#  ■: 

That  Man  w ho/ e Name  I even  would  have  known 
To  ft  and  by  mine , that  mojl  ingenious  Knight , 
My  Alexander ; to  whom  in  his  right 
I want  extreamly,  yet  in  Jpeaking  thus , 

1 do  but  pew  that  Lobe  that  was  'twixt  us. 
And  not  his  Numbers, which  were  braver-high-, 
So  like  his  Mind  was  his  clear  Poefy. 

I have  likewile  fecn  ah  Anagram,  Written 
by  One  Mr.  William  Spin,  on  oUr  Author’s 
Name,  which  being  fhort  I will  tranferibe. 

GULIELMUS  ALEXANDER, 

Anagramma. 

I,  LARGUS  MELLE  EXUNDA. 
Tetratticon. 

Cum  tibi  det  Genius, Mufa, ingenium] ; Poe  fit 
Floribus  e Variis  Attica  mella  kgas  ; 

I?  largus  melle  exunda.  Melltaqyfunde 
Carmina : Jic  facias  nomine  fata  jubent. 

A 3 Robert 


6 


Atf  Account  of  the 

Robert  Armin. 

The  Author  of  a Play  called  The  (JMaids  of 
Moor-clad?,  (tiled  in  former  Catalogues,  a Hi* 
(lory*.  I am  able  to  give  no  Account  either  of 
the  Author,  or  his  Play,  having  no  knowledge 
of  either.  All  that  I can  fay,  is  that  I have  feen 
a Book  written  by  one  of  the  fame  Name, called 
A '.Difcourfe  of  Elizabeth  Caldwell,  who  with 
Jbme  othe>'  accomplices , attempted  to  poyfon  her 
husband.  This  Book  is  in  quarto,  printed  in 
Tondoni6oy. 


B. 

Abraham  Baily. 

( * V*  * A uJlv. -*•*.».  * V.  As  \ x . 

A Gentleman  of  whom  I can  give  no  other 
Information,  than  that  he  has  extant  a 
Play  called  The  Spightful  S/Jler , printed  in  4©; 
but  where  or  when,  I am  not  able  to  give  an 
Account;  the  Title-page,  Dedication  and  Pre- 
face ( if  there  be  any  ) being  deficient  in  my 
Copy.  But  if  I may  be  permitted  to  fpeak  my 
Sentiments  of  the  Play  it  felf,  I believe  the 
Author  has  ftollen  neither  his  Chara£ters  nor 
Language  from  any  other;  and  I prefume, thofe 
that  have  read  the  Character  of  My  Lord  Occus 
in  particular ; JVhiifredpxi&  the  reft  in  general, 
will  be  of  my  opinion. 

John  Bancroft. 

A Gentleman,  who  is  the  Author  of  a Tra- 
gedy called  Ser torms j a£ted  at  the  Tbeatre- 
, ' : t Royal 


Dramatick  Poets . 7 

Royal  by  their  Majejlies  Servants;  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  1 679.  ’Tis  dedicated  to  Cap. 
tain  Richard  Savage ; and  the  Epilogue  was  w ri  t 
by  Mr.  Ravenfcrof't.  The  Elder  Corneille  lias 
writ  a Play  on  the  fame  fubje£t,  which  I have 
read  ; but  fhall  leave  it  to  the  decilion  of  bet- 
ter judgments  to  ' determine  which  is  bell. 
Thole  who  would  read  the  foundation  of  this 
Play  may  confult  Tlut arch y$  Life  of  Ser forms : 
Velleius  "Paterculus  lib.  a.  Florus  lib.  z.c.  zi.  &c. 

John  Banks. 

A Perfon  now  living,  and  if  I miffake  not, 
a Member  ol  the  Honourable  Society  of  JSfew- 
Inn  : One  whole  Genius  to  Poetry  led  him  to 
make  feveral  Attempts  on  the  Stage, with  diffe- 
rent fuccdfs : but  of  whom  I may  fay  with  ju- 
ftice,  that  if  he  be  not  accounted  a Poet  of  the 
firfl  form,  yet  he  bears  up  with  his  Contempo- 
raries of  the  fecond.  His  Genius  lays  wholly 
to  Tragedy;  and  he  has  had  the  Fortune  to 
pleafe  the  fair  Sex  in  the  Earl  of  EJfex , and 
Anna  Button.  He  has  five  Plays  in  print,  of 
which  in  their  Alphabetical  Order. 

DeJlruElion  of  Trey,  a Tragedy,  acted  at  his 
Royal  Highnels  the  T)uhe> $ Theatre,  printed 
in  quarto  Lond.  1679.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Honourable  the  Lady  Katherine  Roos.  If 
this  Play  fall  fhort  of  Shah  [pear's  Troijus  and 
CreJJida , at  lealt  it  furpafles  Htywood’ s Iron 
Age ; and  how  unkind  foever  the  Criticks  were 
to  it,  I believe  they  have  feen  worfe  Tragedies 
on  the  Stage.  Various  are  the  Authors  that 
have  toucht  on  this  fubjeft,  as  Homer } Virgil , 
A Olid, 


8 An  Account  of  tht 

Ovid, fee.  but  none  more  fully  than  DaresThry - 
gins,  and  'Dibits  Cretenjis : though  Learned 
Men  fuppofe  thofe  pieces  we  have  under  their 
Names,  to  be  ipurious : yet  Natalis  Cowes  has 
turned  2 iares  into  Latin  Verle : and  our  Coun- 
tryman Lydgate  into  old  Englijh  Meetre. 

IJland Queens,  or  The  TeaUl)  e/  Mary  Queen  of 
Scotland,  a Tragedy : publilhed  only  in  defence 
of  the  Author  and  the  Play,  againll  fome  mi£ 
taken  Cenfnres  occalioned  by  us  being  prohi- 
bited the  Stage,  printed  in  Quarto  Lond.  1684. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Illuftrious  Princefs,  Mary 
Dutchefs  of  Norfolk.  Molt  Hiltorians  of  thole 
Times  have  written  her  Story,  as  well  For- 
reigners,  as  our  own : See  Buchanan , Speed,  in  , 
the  Reign  of  Q ^Elizabeth,  Camden,  T>u  chefne , 
Brantome  $ Memoirs,  Caufin' s Holy  Court.  Nay 
even  Writers  of  Romances  have  thought  her 
Story  an  ornament  to  their  Work ; witnefs  the 
Princefs  Cloria,  where  part  a.  her  Story  is  fuc- 
cinilly  related,  and  Ihe  pourtrayed  under  the 
title  of  Minerva  Queen  of  Myfia. 

Rival  Kings , or  The  Loves  o/’Oroondates  and 
Statira ; a Tragedy  in  Heroick  Verfe,  ailed  at 
the  Theatre-Royal;  printed  in  quarto  1 6*7^7.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lady 
Katherine  Herbert.  The  Play  is  founded  chiefly 
on  CaJJ’andra,  a lamed  Romance  in  Fol.  As  to 
what  concerns  Alexander , I refer  you  to  Cur- 
tius,  andjujlin. 

Ter t tie  betrayed,  or  Anna  BuUen  ; a T ragedy, 
ailed  at  his  RoyalHighnefs  the2>»^<?’sTheatre; 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1 <S8x.  and  dedicated  to 
the  Illuftrious  Princefs  Elizabeth  Dutchefs  of. 

So- 


Drematkk  Poets.  9 

Somerset.  The  Author  has  followed  a little  No- 
vel tranflated  from  the  French,  and  called  The 
Novels  of  Elizabeth  Queen  of  England fontTn~ 
ing  the  Hiltory  of  Queen  Ann  Sullen.  For  the 
Story,  molt  of  our  Chronicles  relate  it : See 
Speed's  Chron.  in  the  Reign  of  Hen.  VIII-  Ld, 
Herbert , Tuchefne,  Dr.  Burnet's  Hilt.  Reform. 
Rook  the  2.  fee. 

Unhappy  Favourite , or  The  Earl  of  Eflex ; a 
Tragedy,  a$ed  at  the  Theatre -Royal  by  their 
Majejties  Servants;  printed  in  quarto  London 
1682.  and  dedicated  to  the  molt  High  and  molt 
Ulultrious  Princefs  the  Lady  Ann, Daughter  to. 
his  Royal-High nefs  (the  prefent Princefs  of 
j Denmark . ) This  Play  was  acted  with  good, 
fuccefs  : The  Prologue  and  Epilogue  were 

written  by  Mr.  Try  den : and  the  play  it  felf 
founded  on  a Novel  called,  The  Secret  Hillory 
of  the  molt  Renowned  Queen  Elizabeth  and 
the  Earl  of  EJJ'ex , printed  in  120.  Lond.  1680. 
For  the  true  Story,  fee  Cambdens  Elizabeth , 
Speed,  Tuchefne , Stow,  Baher , fee.  in  the  Reign 
of  Queen  Elizabeth.  There  have  been  two 
French  Plays,  one  by  Monfieur  Calpranede ; the 
other  by  the  Younger  Corneille ; which  I have 
read,  and  am  of  opinion,  that  the  Engltfh  play 
is  not  Ihortof  the  French , notwithllanding  the 
high  commendations  given  it  by  the  TJTercury 
Gallant , January  1687. 


Barnaby  Barnes. 

This  Perlon  lived  in  the  Reign  of  K James 
the  Fu'lt ; and  writ  a Play  called  The  T evil's 

Char- 


io  An  Account  of  the 

Charter,  a Tragedy,  containing  the  Life  and 
Death  of  Pope  Alexander  the  VI.  play'd  before 
the  King’s  Majefty,  upon  Candlemas  Night, 
by  his  Majelty’s  Servants  ; printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1607.  and  dedicated  to  the  Honourable 
and  his  very  dear  Friends,  Sir  W.  Herbert , and 
Sir  JV.  Tope  Knights,  Allociates  in  the  Noble 
Order  of  the  Bath. 

This  Tragedy  feems  to  be  written  in  imita- 
tion of  Shakjpear's  old  Play  of  Ter icles  Prince  of 
Tyre : for  as  Shakjpear  raifes  Gower , an  old 
Lnglijlo-b ard,  lor  his  Interlocutor  or  Introdu- 
£lor,in  that  Play ; fo  this  Author  revives  Guic- 
ciardine  for  the  fame  defign.  This  was  the  com- 
mon prablice  of  the  Poets  of  the  lalt  Age,  as 
Shahfpear , Heywood ',  Jyc.  at  which  time  they 
frequently  introduced  dumb  Shews,  which  took 
much  with  the  Spectators  of  thofe  times. 

’Tis  evident  the  Author  followed  Guicciar- 
dine , who  has  largly  treated  of  this  Pope,  in 
his  Hiftory  of  the  Wars  of  Italy ; fee  the  fir  It 
fix  Books.  Other  Authors  have  likewife  treat- 
ed of  him,  as  lDu  Treau,  Hisl.de  IFJlat  Jyfuc- 
ces  ds  I'Eglife , tom. z.  p.zp 3 . & feq.  T dlateranus , 
tit.  zz.  fub  fine,  Majjonius  de  Gejlis  Tontificum 
Romanorum , 

This  Author  has  extant  befides,  four  Books 
of  Offices  about  Princes,  how  they  ought  to  be 
admimftrcd,  printed  fol.  Lond.  1606. 

Robert  Baron,,  Efq; 

This  Author  was  a young  Gentleman,  bred 
firfl  at  Cambridge,  and  afterwards  brought  up 
in  the  worthy  Society  of  Grays-Inn\  During  his 
abode  there,  he  writ  a Pvomance  called  The  Cy* 
' prw# 


Dramatic k Poets.  1 1 

prian  Academy , printed  o&avo  Land.  1647.  He 
dedicated  it  to  the  famous  Traveller  Mr.  James 
Howel. ’ in  particular,  and  to  the  Ladies  and 
Gentlewomen  of  England \ in  general.  In  his 
Romance,  are  included  two  Dramaticks,  which 
Mr.  Kirhnan  has  inferted  in  his  Catalogue, 
tho’  they  are  not  entire  Traits  of  themfelves, 
nor  of  any  lignal  Eminence  ; but  fince  they 
have  been  mention'd  in  former  Catalogues,  I 
fhall  not  omit  them. 

Deorum'Dona,  a Mafque  prelented  before 
Flaminius  and  Clorinda,  King  and  Queen  of  Cy- 
prus, at  their  Regal  Palace  in  Nicojia.  Part  of 
this  piece  is  borrow’d  from  Mr.  Waller’s  Poem 
to  the  King  on  his  Navy. 

Gripus  and  Hegio , or  The  TaJJionate  Lovers ; 
a Pahoral,  acted  by  the  Lady  Julio’s  Servants, 
for  the  Entertainment  of  Flaminius.  This  Play 
confifls  but  of  three  Aits,  and  is  borrow’d 
very  much  from  Waller’ s Poems,  and  Wehflers 
Dutchefs  of  Malfy ; which  is  excufabie  only  on 
the  account  of  the  Author’s  Youth,  lie  being 
but  1 7 Years  of  age, when  he  compos’d  that  Ro- 
mance, which  was  the  reafon  that  it  was  fo 
highly  commended  by  twelve  Copies  of  Verfes 
writ  by  his  Friends, and  printed  with  his  Book. 

Mirza,  a Tragedy,  really  aited  in  Terfia,  in 
the  lafl  Age  : Illultrated  with  Hiltorical  Anno- 
tations, printed  oitavo  Lond. and  dedicated 

to  his  Majefty,  by  a Copy  of  Verfes.  This  Play 
is  much  beyond  either  of  the  former,  and  has 
the  repute  of  a good  Play.  It  is  commended  by 
live  Copies  of  Verles,  written  by  the  Author’s 
Cambridge-P tizn&s.  On  this  very  Sub  ject,  the 


1 2 Art  Account  of  the 

famous  Denham,  had  before  writ  a Play  called 
The  Sophy,  < Tho’  our  Author  (*) had  finiflred 

* three  compleat  Aits  of  thisTragedy, before  he 
‘ law  that ; nor  was  he  then  dileouraged,  feeing 
‘ the  moftTflgenious^a/>6or  of  thatjhas  nude  his 

* leem  quite  another  Story  from  this*  Mr  .Baron 
has  follow’d  not  only  the  Honourable  Sr.  Tho • 
mas  Herbert's  printed  Account  in  his  Travels, 
but  likewife  made  ufe  of  a Manufcript  Letter, 
which  Sr.  Dodmore  Cotton,  (Embaflador  to  sib* 
has  King  of  Terfia,  from  King  Charles  the  Firft 
in  the  Year  1 6x6.  ) lent  to  a Friend  of  his  in 
Cambridge,  according  to  which  Letter,  he  pro- 
fecuted  the  Story  throughout. 

The  Author  leems  to  have  propos’d  for  his 
pattern  the  fa mou s Catiline,  writ  by  Ben.  John- 
fon:  and  has  in  feveral  places  not  only  hit  the 
model  of  his  Scenes  : but  even  imitated  the 
Language  tolerably,  for  a young  Writer.  Who- 
ever pleafes  to  compare  the  Ghofl  of  Emir* 
batnze-mirza,  with  that  of  Scilla , may  eafily 
fee  his  Imitation,  but  that  being  too  long  to 
tranferibe,  I {hall  fet  down  the  firft  words 
of  Catiline , in  that  admirable  Play  ; and  after- 
wards thole  of  Abbas,  and  then  fubmit  my  opi- 
nion to  my  Reader’s  judgment. 

Catiline , A<5t  firft. 

Jt  is  decreed:  Nor  dull  thy  fate,  0 Rome 
Bejijl  my  Toxu.  Though  hills  were  fet  on  hills, 
Andfeas  met fe  as, to  guard  thee ; 1 would  thro': 
I'll  plough  up  Bocks,  deep  as  the  Alpes,z«  dujl : 
Ana  lave  the  Tyrhene  waters  into  clouds ; 

But  I would  reach  thy  he  ad, thy  headproudCiiy. 
(■)  Eptftlc  io:hc  Reader, 

M‘irzai 


Dramatick  Poets.  1} 

t jMirza,  A&.  firft. 

The  vow  is  made , nor Jha/l  thy  flattering  Fate, 
O Mirza,  contradiSi  it ; though  thy  7 roops 
Stood  like  a wall  about  thee , nay  tho'  Jove 
Prefs  all  the  gods  to  guard  thee , and  fhould  arm 
Them  every  one  with  thunder ,/  would  through : 
I'll  tear  the  groundjells  of  thy  Towers  up\ 
And  make  their  nodding  Spires  kjfs  the  centre. 
But  I will  reach  thy  heart,  thy  heart , proud 

\ViBor. 

This  is  the  firft  Author  taken  notice  of,  ei- 
ther by  Mr.  Phillips  (fa)  in  his  Theatrum  Poe- 
tarum , or  his  Tranfcriber  Mr.  IVinjlanley,  in 
his  Lives  of  the  Englijh  Poets : (c)  and  though 
neither  of  them  give  any  other  Account  of  our 
Author,  but  what  they  colle&ed  from  my  for- 
mer Catalogue  printed  1680.  yet  through  a 
miftake  in  the  method  of  that  Catalogue,  they 
have  aferib’d  many  Anonymous  Plays  to  the  fore- 
going Writers,  which  belonged  not  to  them : 
and  thus  have  committed  miftakes  in  almoft 
all  the  Dramatick  Writers  they  have  handled. 
To  give  an  Inftance  in  this  Author  : they  both 
alcnbe  to  him  ‘Don  Quixote,  or  The  Knight  of 
the  ill-favoured  Countenance,  a Comedy  ; I know 
not  whence  they  had  their  Intelligence : but 
I never  heard  or  read  any  inch  Play,  nor  do  I 
believe  there  is  any  other  Book  which  bears 
that  title,  except  the  fam’d  Romance,  written 
by  the  admirable  Pen  of  that  famous  Spanijh 
Author,  Miguel de  Cervantes.  They  have  like- 
wife  aferibed  feveral  other  Dramatick  Pieces 
to  this  Author,  which  I dare  be  confident,  are 

pV  16 Wpag-  ' 


not 


14  An  Account  of  the 

not  of  his  W tiring ; as  ‘Dick  Sc'orner,  DeflruFlion 
of  Jertifulem,  Marriage  of  JVit  and  Science , 
CMa/fues,  and  Interludes ; ana  have  omitted 
two  oth^r  Pieces  written  by  him.  viz.  Toems , 
octavo,  and  a Book  intituled , An  Apology  for 
laris.  Neither  do  I believe  Mr.  ‘Phillips  % Ac- 
count, that  any  of  his  Pieces  appear’d  on  the 
Stage.  I (hall  conclude  all  with  the  following 
Anagram,  written  by  his  Friend  Mr  .John 
% uaxlesy  fometitnes  of  St.  Refers  College  in 
Cambridge. 

, 5ROBERTUS  BARONUS.  7 
iaia' JRARUS  AB  ORBE  NOTUS.J§ialn* 

Rarus,  hand cuiquam peperit  Natura  fecundmn . 
Mottos  esy  & fcriptis  (Baron)  ab  orbe  tuis. 

Lodowick  Barrey. 

• An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  middle  of  the 
Reign  of  King  fames  the  Firft:  who  writ 
a Play  call’d  Ram- Alley , or  Merry  Tricks , a 
Comedy,  divers  times  heretofore  Afted : by 
the  Children  of  the  Kings  Revels ; and  printed 
in  quarto,  Lond.  161 1.  The  Plot  of  Will  Small- 
fbavh,  decoying  the  Widow  Taffeta  into  Mar- 
riage, is  borrow’d  (as  I fuppofe)  from  the  fame 
Author,  from  whence  Kirfman  took  the  Story 
which  is  to  be  found  in  the  Fnghjh  Rogue , Part 
the  IV,  Chap.  ip.  and  is  an  Incident  in  other 
Plays  betides  this  ; particularly  in  Killegrevd s 
Tarjons  Wedding. 

Francis  Beaumont.  See  Fletcher. 

Cap- 


Dramatick  Poets.  1 5 

Captain  William  Bedloe. 

A Perfon  fo  remarkable  in  this  Nation  not 
many  years  fince,  on  the  Account  of  the  Popilh 
Plot ; that  few  are  ignorant  of  his  part  of  the 
difcovery.  I Ihall  not  pretend  here,  to  give 
you  an  account  of  his  Life,  but  refer  you  to 
that  which  was  written  by  an  Unknown  Hand, 
intituled,  The  Life  and  Death  of  Captain  tVilli- 
am  Bedloe , printed  in  otStavo,  Lond.  1681. 

The  Reafon  why  we  mention  him  in  our 
Catalogue  is,  on  account  of  a Play  writ  by 
him,  called,  The  Excommunicated  ‘Prince : or. 
The  falfe  Relick : a Tragedy  Ailed  by  his  Ho- 
linefs’s  Servants : being  The  Popifo  Plot , in  a 
Play?  printed  in  folio,  Lond.  1679.  Dedicated 
to  nis  Grace  the  Duke  of  Buckingham.  I muft 
confefs,  I was  very  defirous  to  read  this  Piece 
for  the  hike  of  the  Title-page,  and  came  to  it 
with  great  expeditions;  but  found  them  al- 
together fruitrated,  and  only  a Story  which  I 
had  formerly  read  in  Dr.  Heylin\  Geography •, 
deferibed  in  it.  But  afterwards  when  his  Life 
came  out,  I was  fatisfied  with  the  Account  the 
Publifher  gave  of  it : which  for  the  Readers 
Information,  and  the  Juflification  of  the  De- 
ceafed,  I lhall  quote  word  for  word. 

(d  ) ‘In  the  next  place,  I delire  leave  to 
‘ fpeak  fomething  of  his  Dramatick  Poem , call’d 
iThe  Excommunicated  Prince , or,  The  Falfe 
c Relick.  As  to  the  worth  of  the  Play,  I do  own 
‘my  lei f fo  unskilful  in  Poetry,  that  I will 
‘not  ralhly  pretend  to  give  my  opinion  of  it. 
( d ) bee  nis  Lite,  pag,  j 10. 


1 6 An  Account  of  the 

‘But  that  which  I know,  let  me  ailert  in  its 
‘vindication,  viz.  That  it  was  both  began  and 
‘ fimfht  in  the  fpace  of  two  Months,  which 
‘ every  one  muft  needs  acknowledge  was  but  a 
‘ very  fhort  time,  confidering  the  great  bufi- 
‘ nefs  that  then  more  earnellly  imploy’d  his 
‘ thoughts, which  mull  neceflarily  be  a weighty 
‘clog  to  the  ablelt  Mufe.  Whereas  fome  of 
‘ the  chiefefl  Poets  of  this  Age  have  thought  it 
‘ no  difparagement  to  confefs,  that  a correct 
‘ Play  to  be  perfected,  will  require  at  leaft 
‘twelve  Months  time.  And  I remember  in 
‘fome  Prologue, I think  in  that  to  the Eirtuojbj 
*1  have  read  this  Diltick  to  the  fame  purpofe. 

Si ! 'Play , like  Ground ’ mufl  a.  Tear  Fallow  lyef 

Ere  it  can  ripen  to  good  Comedy. 

‘This  conlider’d,  (and  it  being  the  firft 
* EBay  he  ever  fini fil’d  of  this  Nature)  what 
‘ few  miffcakes  are  found  in  his  Play,  may  be 
‘ eafily  excus’d.  But  belides  its  real  faults,  the 
‘ errors  of  the  Prcfs,  and  what  it  fuffers  thro’ 
4 the  prejudice  and  malice  of  the  Author’s 
‘ Adverf tries,  I do  not  at  all  wonder  if  even 
‘ the  mo  ft  impartial  Reader  too,  fliould  look 
‘feverelyon  it,  feeing  he  is  promis’d  in  the 
‘ Title-page,  what  he  can  never  find  in  the 
‘Book.  It  would  fain  cozen  him  to  believe 
‘ that  he  flu  11  meet  with  the  Popifh  Plot  re- 
‘prefented  in  that  Play,  though  I have  heard 
‘ Mr.  Bedloe  often  fay  he  never  intended  any 
‘ fuch  thing.  The  Hiftory  he  defigned,  may, 
‘as  I am  inform’d,  be  read  in  feveral  Aufhen- 
‘ ti  k Authors ; but  in  Heyliris  Geography  1 re- 
‘membcr  I met  with  it  my  fclf.  So  may  any 

‘ that 


Drttmatick  Poets.  i j 

t that  will  perufe  his  Hiftory  of  Georgia.  Mr. 
t Bedloe  well  knew  it  was  againft  his  Intereft 

< fo  for  to  ridicule  the  Plot,  as  to  compofe  a 
< Play  of  it;  and  he  had  more  judgment  in. 
c Poetry,  than  to  imagine  that  fuch  a new 

< thing  would  pleafe  in  T ragedy.  And  leaf!  any 
< one  fhould  fufpeil  that  hisdefigndid  in  the 
i leall  incline  that  way,  he  writ  an  Epiftle  to 

< allure  his  Reader  of  the  contrary.  Which 
c the  Stationer,  (fuppofing  under  that  pretence 
<the  Play  would  vend  much  better)  thought 
t it  his  intereft  to  ftifie,  and  added  thefe  words 
t to  the  Title-page  ( Being,  the  Popifh  Tlot  m 

< a Play')  without  the  Author’s  confent  or 

< knowledge. 

Mrs.  Aftraea  Behn. 

A Perfon  lately  deceafed,  but  whole  Memory 
will  be  long  frelh  amongft  the  Lovers  of  Dra- 
matick  Poetry,  as  having  been  fufficiently 
Eminent  not  only  for  her  Theatrical  Perfor- 
mances, but  feveral  other  Pieces  both  in  Verle 
and  Prole ; which  gain’d  her  an  Efteem  among 
the  Wits,almoft  equal  to  that  of  the  incompara- 
ble Or/Wrt, Madam  Katharine  Phillips  (of  whom 
we  lhall  fpeak  hereafter).  Her  Plays  are  Six- 
teen in  number,  having  therein  exceeded  any 
of  the  Poets  of  this  Age,  Sr.  William  Z)avenanty 
and  Mr.  Dryden,  excepted.  Moll:  of  her  Come- 
dies have  had  the  good  fortune  to  pleafe : and 
tho’  it  muft  be  confeft  that  Ihe  has  borrow’d 
very  much,  not  only  from  her  own  Country 
Men,  but-likewife  from  the  French  Poets  : 
yet  it  may  be  faid  in  her  behalf,  that  fhe  has 
'B  often 


1 8 An  Account  of  the 

often  been  forc’d  to  it  through  had : and  has 
borrow’d  from  others  Stores,  rather  of  Choice 
than  for  want  of  a fond  of  Wit  of  her  own: 
it  having  been  formerly  her  unhappinefs  to  be 
necellitated  to  write  for  Bread,  as  file  has  pub- 
liflit  to  the  world.  (')  ’Tis  alfo  to  her  Com- 
mendation, that  whatever  fhe  borrows  fhe  im- 
proves for  the  better:  a Plea  which  our  late 
Laureat  has  not  been  alham’d  to  make  ufe  of. 
( If  to  this,  her  Sex  may  plead  in  her  behalf, 
I doubt  not  but  fhe  will  be  allowed  equal  with 
leveral  of  our  Poets  her  Contemporaries.  I 
ilia  11  now  give  an  Account  of  her  Plays  in  an 
Alphabetical  Order,  as  follows : viz. 

Abdelazer , or  The  Moors  Revenge ; a Tra- 
gedy A<fted  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Dukes 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  1671.  This 
Play  is  originally  an  old  Play  of  Marloes , call’d 
Lujis  ' 'Dominion , or  The  Lafcivious  Qtteen,  a 
Tragedy  written  above  Forty  years  ago,  tho’ 
printed  in  octavo,  Lond.  1661.  She  has  much 
improv’d  it  throughout. 

Amorous  Trine  ey  or  The  Curious  Husbandy 
a Comedy  Acted  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the 
Duke  of  Torfs  Theatre,  printed  in  quarto, 
Lond.  16 71.  The  Plot  of  Antonio  y the  curious 
Husband’s  trying  his  Wives  Chaftity  by  his 
Friend  Alberto’s  means,  is  founded  on  a Novel 
111  the  Romance  of  Ton  Quixot,  call’d  The  Cu- 
rious Impertinent : See  Part  4.  Ch.  6,  7,  8. 
The  City  Night-Cap  is  founded  on  the  fame 
Story,  tho’  Mrs.  Behn  has  much  out-done  that 

(t)  Prct,  to  Sir  Psticit  Funcjf , (f ) Prcf.  te  Meek  Aftrologcr* 

Play 


Dramatick  Poets.  19 

Play,  and  improv’d  the  Novel  it  felf. 

City- Heir ej. > , or  Sr.  Timothy  Treat- Ally  a 
Comedy  Ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  his 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  1682.  and 
Dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry 
Earl  of  Arundely  and  Lord  Mowbray.  This 
Play  had  the  luck  to  be  well  receiv’d  in  the 
Town:  yet  I cannot  but  take  notice  that  mofl 
of  the  Charailers  are  borrow’d ; as  thole  of  Sir 
Timothy  Treat-all  and  his  Nephew,  from  Sir 
Bounteous  Trogrefs , and  Folly-wit , in  0 "Middle- 
ton's  dMad  IVorld  my  Majlers : and  thole  of  Sir 
Anthony  MerrywellynA  his  Nephew  Sr.Charlesf 
from  Durazzo  and  CaldorOy  in  MaJJenger's  Guar- 
dian. Part  of  the  Language  in  each  Play  is 
likewile  tranferib’d.  As  for  the  Plot  of  Sir 
Timothy ’s  endeavouring  to  fupplant  his  Ne- 
phew of  his  Millrifs,  ’tis  the  fame  Defign  with 
other  Plays,  as  Ram- Alley , and  Trick  to  Catch 
the  Old  One. 

‘Dutch  Lover y a Comedy  Ailed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  1673.  The 
Plot  of  this  Play  is  founded  on  a Spanilh  Ro- 
mance, written  by  the  ingenious  Don  Fran - 
eifeo  delas  Cover  as  fliled  Don  Fenifey  fee  the 
Stories  of  Eufemiey  and  Theodore , DonJamCy 
and  Frederick. 

Emperor  of  the  Moony  a Farce,  Ailed  by 
Their  Majefly’s  Servants,  at  the  Queen’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  1687.  and 
Dedicated  to  the  Lora  Marquefs  of  Worcejter. 
This  Farce  was  originally  Italian  and  Ailed 
in  France  Eighty  odd  times  without  inter- 
million,  under  the  Title  of  Harlequin  l 'Em- 
'S x percur 


20  An  Account  of  the 

pereur  dans  k Monde  de  la  Lune : but  much  al- 
ter’d, and  adapted  to  our  Englifh  Theatre. 

Forc'd  Marriage , or  'The  Jealous  Bridegroom , 
a Tragi-Comedy ; Ailed  at  his  Highneis  the 
Duke  of  Tork'%  Theatre,  and  printed  in  quarto, 
Lond.  1671.  This,  if  I miftake  not,  was  the  firft 
Play  that  our  Authrefs  brought  on  the  Stage. 

Falj'e  Count , or  A Neva  IV ay  to  play  an  Old 
Game,  a Comedy  Ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
and  printed  in  quarto,  Fond.  j68a.  The  Hint 
of  JfabeUa  being  deceiv’d  by  Guillaume  the 
Chimney-fweeper,  is  borrow’d  from  Molliere' s 
Les  ‘Preaeufes  Ridicules. 

Feign'd  Courtezans , or  a Nights  Intrigue , a 
Comedy,  ailed  at  the  Duke  s Theatre,  printed 
in  quarto,  Lond.  1679.  and  Dedicated  to  Mrs. 
Ellen  Guin.  This  Comedy  I take  to  be  One  of 
the  bell  {he  has  written. 

Luc !(ey  Chance , or  an  Alderman's,  Bargain  ; a 
Comedy  ailed  by  Their  Ma  jellies?  Servants, 
printed  40,  Lond.  1687.  and  Dedicated  to  theR* 
Hon  Laurence  Ld  Hyde , E.of  Rochejler.  Tho’ 
fome  Criticks  decry  a this  Play,  yet  whoever 
will  confult  the  Author’s  Preface,  will  find  the 
Objcihcns  fully  anfwer’d : however  I mull 
obferve  that  the  Incident  of  Gayman’s  enjoy- 
ing the  Lady  Fulbanck , and  taking  her  for  the 
Devil,  is  copied  from  Mr.  Alexander  Kickjhavo 
and  the  Lady  Aretina , in  the  Lady  of  Tkafure. 

Rover,  or  The  Banijht  Cava  leers , in  Two 
parts,  both  of  them  Comedies,  Ailed  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre,  and  printed  in  quarto,  Lond. 
1677,  and  1681.  the  Second  Part  being  Dedi- 
cated to  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke.  Thefe 


Dramatick  Poets.  2 1 

are  the  only  Comedies,  for  the  Theft  of  which, 
I condemn  this  ingenious  Authorefs ; they  be- 
ing fo  excellent  in  their  Original,  that  ’tis  pity 
they  fhould  have  been  alter’d : and  notwith- 
ftanding  her  Apology  in  the  Poftlenpt  to  the 
firfl  part;  I cannot  acquit  her  of  prevarica- 
tion, lince  Angelica,  is  not  the  only Jlol’n  Objecty 
as  flie  calls  it:  flie  having  borrow’d  largely 
throughout.  The  truth  is,  the  better  to  dii- 
guife  her  Theft,  flie  has  (as  the  ingenious 
Scarron  oblerves  of  the  W riters  of  Romances,) 
( « ) Fledd  the  Eel  by  beginning  at  the  Tail;  yet 
notwithfl:anding,what  Ihe  has  omitted  of  worth 
in  her  firfl:  part,  (he  has  taken  into  the  fecond; 
and  therefore  could  not  juflly  call  thefe  Plays 
her  own. 

Round-heads , or  The  good  Old  Caufe , a Co- 
medy ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  in 
quarto,  Lond.  1682,.  and  Dedicated  to  the  Molt 
Illufirious  Prince,  Henry  Fitz-Roy , Duke  of 
Grafton.  A great  part  of  the  Language  of  this 
Play,  is  borrow’d  from  Tateham’s  Rump , or  a 
Mirror  of  the  Times;  but  yet  flie  has  a better  Ti- 
tle to  this  Play,  than  the  former,  having  much 
improv’d  the  Humor  of  the  Round-heads . 

Sr  Patient  Fancy,  a Comedy  Ailed  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre ; printed  in  quarto, Lond.  16^8. 
The  Hint  of  Sr.  Patient  Fancy , is  borrow’d 
from  a F rench  Play  called  Le  Malade  imagi- 
naire : and  the  Charailers  of<Sh  Credulous  Eajy , 
and  his  Groom  Curry , are  llol’n  from  Sr.  Am- . 
philus  the  Corniflr  Knight,  and  his  Man  Tre- 
bafco  in  Frame's  Play  called  The  Tamofeille. 

(g)  Ciy  R.omanee>  pag.  2.  ~ 

B 5 Town 


An  Account  of  the 


Town  Fop,  or  .Sr.  Timothy  Tawdrey , a Co- 
medy, ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  itfyy.  The 
foundation  of  this  Play,  is  a Comedy  writ  by 
George  JVilkins , call’d  The  Miferies  of  inforc’d 
Marriage  ; from  which  not  only  the  Plot,  but 
a great  part  of  the  Language  is  Rol’n. 

Widbw  Ranter , or  'The  Hiftory  of  Bacon  in 
Virginia,  a Tragi-Comedy  ailed  by  Their  Ma- 
jeflies  Servants,  printed  in  quarto,  Lond.  i6po. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Much  Honored  Madam 
W eldon  by  G.  J.  a Friend  to  the  Authrefs,  by 
whom  this  Play  was  publifht  after  her  Deceale. 
I refer  the  Reader  to  this  Epiffcle  for  the  Plays 
jollification : only  I cannot  but  obferve,  that 
the  Prologue  was  written  Ten  years  lince,and 
publifht  before  Mr.  Shadwell’sTrue  JVidow  : 
and  if  I millake  not  the  Epilogue  is  Old  like  j 
wife.  For  the  Story  of  Bacon  I know  no  HiRor_, 
that  relates  it,  but  his  CataRrophe  is  founded 
on  the  known  Rory  of  CaJJius , who  periihed 
by  the  Hand  of  his  freed-Man  Dandorus , be- 
lieving his  Friend  Brutus  vanquiflied. 

Toting  King,  or  The  <3TJtake,  a Tragi-Co- 
xnedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  in 
quarto,  Lond.  1683.  and  dedicated  to  iome 
Gentleman  her  particular  Friend,  under  the 
Name  of  ‘Philafter.  The  Defign  of  this  Play 
is  borrow’d  from  Monfieur  Calpranede' s Cleo- 
patra, fee  the  Hillory  of  Alcamenes  and  Me- 
na'd  a,  Part  VIII. 


ides  thefe  Plays  this  Ingenious  Woman 
has  publiflit  fevera]  other  Works,  both  in 
Verfe  and  Profe.  As  a Colkition  of  Poems 


in 


Dramatic i k Poets . 2 $ 

in  oftavo,  Lond,  1684.  and  a Collection  of  fe- 
veral  Others  in  oftavo,  Lend.  i68y.  Another 
Volume  in  oftavo,  Lond.  1688.  amongft  all 
which  are  many  of  her  own  Compoi'ures.  Her 
le veral  Verfions  from  the  French  are  com- 
mended by  thofewho  think  themfelves  Judges 
of  Wit;  amongft  which  the  chiefelt  are,  A 
Noyage  to  the  IJlandof  Love  ; Lycidas , or  The 
Lover  in  Fafhion ; and  The  Lover  s W 2/rAThefe 
Pieces  in  the  Original  may  be  found  in  the 
iecond  and  third  Tomes  of  LeReceueil desRieces 
Gall  antes,  en  Trofe  £y  en  Fers,  8°  ‘Paris  1684. 
Thofe  who  will  take  the  pains  to  compare 
them,  will  find  theEnglifh  rather  Paraph  rales, 
than  juft  Tranflations : but  which  fufticiently 
Ihew  the  Fancy  and  excellent  Abilities  of  our 
Au  th  refs. 

She  has  written  other  Pieces  in  profe, which 
have  had  the  fortune  to  pleafe,  as  The  Love 
Letters  between  a Nobleman  and  his  Sifter , in 
Three  Volumes,  oftavo  Lond.  1684.  fyc.  Three 
Hiftories,  printed  in  ofta vo,  Lond.  1688.  viz. 
Oroonoko , or  The  Royal  Slave.  7 he  fair  Jilt,  or 
Tar  quin  and  Miranda.  Agnes.de  Cajlro , or  The 
Force  of  Generous  Love.  There  are  two  other 
fmall  Novels  under  her  Name,  viz.  Hiftory  of 
the  Nun , or  The  fair  Now-breaker,  iz°  London 
1689.  The  Lucky  Miftake,  ia«  Lond.  1 689. 

What  Opinion  the  Wits  of  the  Age  had  of 
her,  may  appear  from  feveral  Copies  of  Vcrfes 
written  before  her  Tranllation  of  Monfipur 
Bonnecorfd s La  Montreal  The  Watch ; amongft 
whom  Mr.  Charles  Cotton , who  was  no  con- 
temptible Poet,  gives  her  the  following  Cha* 
rafter.  B 4 Some 


24  An  Account  of  the 

Sme  hands  write fi me  things  wellbore  elfewhere 

But  on  all  T beams  your  power  is  the fame,  [lame: 

Of  Buskin,  and  of  Sock,  you  know  the  Pace  ; 

And  tread  in  both  with  equal  Skill  and  Grace. 

But  when  you  write  of  Love,  Affcrca  then 

Love  dibs  his  Arrows,  where  you  wet  your  Ten. 

Such  charming  Lines  did  never  Taper  grace  ; 

Soft  asyour  Sex  ; and fmooth  as  Beauty's  Face . 

Dawbridge-court  Belchier. 

An  Eriglifh-man,  who  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  James  the  Firfl,  but  one,  who  was  an  In- 
habitant of  the  Town  of  Utreicht  in  the  Low 
Countries ; at  the  time  of  his  writing  an  In- 
terlude, called  Hans  Beer-pot , his  invifible  Co- 
medy of  See  me,  and fee  me  not ; ailed  by  an 
honeft  Company  of  Health-Drinkers,  printed 
in  quarto,  Lond.1618.  and  dedicated  to  the  Ho- 
nourable Sr.  John  Ogle,  Colonel  of  our  Englifh 
Regiment  ofFoot,under  the  Lords, the  Eftatcs 
General  of  the  United  Provinces,  and  Lord 
Governor  of  the  Town  and  Garifon  of  Utreicht. 
4This  Piece  (h)  is  neither  Comedy  nor  Tra- 
gedy, as  wanting  Firft  the  juft  number  of 
< Speakers ; Secondly,  thofe  Farts  or  Ails  it 
* fhould  have,  which  fhould  be  at  the  leaflFive; 
‘ but  a plain  Conference  . of  fo  many  Perfons? 
‘ confiRing  of  Three  Ails,  and  no  more. 

Richard  Bernard. 

This  Perfon  flourifh’d  at  Epworth  in  Lin- 
coln fire,  in  the  time  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  and 

(1\)  ike  Eotllls  Dedicatory. 


was 


Dr  am  At  kk  Poets.  2 5 

was  (as  I fuppofe)  the  fir  ft  Tranflator  of  Te- 
rences Comedies  entire : which  tho’  not  fo  well 
tranflated  into  Englifh,  as  into  French,  by  the 
famous  Abbot  de  /%//?/£>/#, Monfieur  deMaroUesy 
or  by  Monfieur  de  Martignac  \ yet  certainly  it 
is  paflable  for  the  time  in  which  he  liv’d.  Be- 
fides  the  bare  Tranflation  of  the  whole  Six 
Comedies,  viz.  Andreea , Adelphi , &c.  he  has 
taken  notice  in  each  Scene  of  the  moll  remark- 
able forms  of  Speech,  Thefes,  and  moral  Sen- 
tences, in  imitation  pollibly  of  an  old  French 
Tranflation,  printed  at  Paris  in  o£lavo,  15-74. 
This  Verfionis  printed  with  the  Latine,  40. 
Cambridge  15-98.  and  dedicated  to  Mr.  Chrijto- 
pher  fV raj.  Son  and  Heir  to  Sr.  JViUiam  HTajy 
and  his  Brothers.  Having  given  this  fhort  ac- 
count of  the  Tranflator  and  his  Work,  give 
me  leave  to  fpeak  fomewhat  of  the  Author. 

Publius  Terentiusy  was  a Native  of  Carthage; 
but  being  taken  Prifoner,  when  he  was  very 
young  he  was  lent  to  Rome.  He  was  brought 
up  in  Literature,  and  all  good  Education,  by 
his  Patron  Terentius  Seneca , and  afterwards 
freed  by  him,  on  account  of  his  Wit,  and  good 
Meen.  He  luckily  found  the  bed  way  of  wri- 
ting Comedy,  and  he  left  fo  me  Pieces  in  that 
kind,  that  few  Perfons  have  been  able  to  imi- 
tate. He  was  in  great  Efteem,  not  only  with 
the  People  in  general,  by  reafon  of  his  Dra- 
matick  Performances ; but  particularly  belov’d 
and  cherifh’d  by  Men  of  the  bed  Quality,  as 
Publius  ScipioyLceliuSy  and  others.  His  purity 
of  Stile,  was  fo  conspicuous,  that  his  Adver- 
faries  endeavour’d  to  perfwade  the  People, 


26  An  Account  of  the 

that  he  was  aflifted  in  his  Plays  by  great  Men, 
which  he  handfotnely  takes  notice  of,  in  his 
Prologue  to  the  Adelphi. 

JSlatn  quod  Hit  dicunt  malevoli , homines  nobiks 
Eum  adjutare , afjidaeque  una  fer there  ; 

Quod  tUi  malediElum  vehemens  effe  exijlimant. 
Earn  laudehic  duett  maxunu  ; cum  tilts  placet , 
Out  vobts  univerjis , spy  populo  placent ; 

Quorum  opera  in  hello , in  otto,  in  negotio, 

Suo  quifque  tempore  ufus  ejl  fine  Juperbia. 

The  Plots  of  thefe  Comedies  he  borrow’d 
from  the  Greeks,  the  Four  firffc  from  the  Co- 
medies of  Menander  ; and  the  Two  laft  from 
Apollodorus.  He  was  beholding  to  Menander 
Jikewife,  for  fome  other  Comedies,  which  in 
his  Return  from  Greece , by  Sea,  were  loft  with 
himfelf : in  the  Year  of  Rome,  ypy,  and  the  fe- 
cond  year  of  the  ij-ytb  Olympiad.  Some  fay 
that  he  Died  in  Arcadia ; but  the  former  Ac- 
count is  confirm'd  by  Eokatius , in  the  follow- 
ing Verfes. 

Sed  ut  Afer  fex  populo  edidit  Comcedias , 

Iter  bine  in  Afiant  fecit : navim  cum  Jhnel 
Confcendit,  vifus  nnnquam  ef,Jic  vita  vac  at. 

Coniult  further  Crinitus  de  Poetis  Latinis, 
Scaliger  in  ‘Poetic . Lilius  Gyraldus  Hift.  Poet. 
ToJJuis  de  ‘Poetis  Latinis,  &c. 

Mrs.  Frances  Boothby. 

The  Authrefs  of  a Play  called  Marcelia,  or 
The  Treacherous  Friend,  aTragi-Comedy  a<5ted 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  His  Majeflies  Ser- 
vants^: 
cated  to 


nnted  in  quarto,  Lond.  1670.  and  dedi- 
the  Honourable,  and  moll  Accomplifht 


Dramatick  Poets.  27 

Lady  Tate,  of  Harvington  in.  WorceJler-Jhire  : 
to  whom  {he  was  related. 

Roger  Boyle,  Earl  of  Orrery. 

An  Irifh  Nobleman,  whole  Abilities  in  Arts 
and  Arms,  have  render’d  him  better  known  to 
this  Nation,  than  any  Character  I can  give 
him,  fo  that  I may  juflly  fay  of  him  with  Ma- 
dam Phillips ; (') 

Of  him  I cannot  which  is  hardejl  tell ’ 

Or  not  to praife  him , or  to praife  him  well. 

However  I mult  oblerve,  that  he  is  not  only 
a Poet  himlelf^  but  a Patron  of  Poets  likewife, 
as  Mr.  ‘Dryden , and  Mr.  Crown  mult  acknow- 
ledge : lo  that  methinks  his  Lordfhip’s  Repu- 
tation,joyn’d  with  the  Earl  of  Jlofcomons, might 
be  {iifEcient  to  attone  for  their  Country’s  Cha- 
racter in  point  of  Wit.  He  has  publifht  Four 
Plays  in  Heroick  Verfe ; wherein  not  only  the 
true  Englifli  Courage  is  delineated  to  the  Life: 
but  likewife  the  very  Infidels  and  Barbarians, 
are  taught  by  his  Pen,  not  only  Humanity,  but 
the  HigheR  Morality  and  Virtue.  But  his  Wit 
is  as  far  above  my  Abilities  to  defcribe,  as  to 
imitate  ; and  therefore  I fhall  haften  to  give  an 
Account  of  his  Plays,  viz. 

Black  Prince , a T ragedy, aCted  at  the  Theatre 
Royal,  printed  at  Lond.  folio,  ibya.  Tho’  this 
Play  in  the  Title-page  be  call’d  a Tragedy , yet 
it  ends  fuccefsfully : and  therefore  I prefiune 
was  rather  Riled  fo  by  the  Author,  from  the 
Quality  and  Grandeur  of  the  Perfons  in  the 
Drarrima,  than  from  any  unfortunate  CataRro- 

(!)  Pom-)  psg,  1 si.'- 


2 8 An  Account  of  the 

phe.  For  the  foundation  of  this  Play,  as  far 
as  it  concerns  Hiflory  confult  IV aljinghami  Hi- 
fi or ia  Anglia;.  Florentii  Monach.  tVigornienfis 
Chronicon.Tol  Vergilu  Hfioria  Anglia.  Frojfard 
Croniques  de  France , /y  d' Angle t err e.  Du 
CheJ'ne , Speed ' and  other  Englifh  Biitorians  in 
the  Reign  of  Edward  the  Third. 

Tryphon,  a Tragedy  ailed  by  his  Royal  High- 
nefs  the  Duke  of  Tork' s Servants,  and  printed 
in  folio, Lmd.  i 672.  Of  this  Ufurper  you  have 
an  account  in  Maccabees  lib.  i.  See  befides^o- 
fephus  lib.  i g . Appian  de  Beilis  Syriacis  &c. 
Thefe  two  Plays  are  printed  together. 

Henry  the  Fifth , a Hiftory,  ailed  at  his  High- 
nefs  the  Duke  of  Tork s Theatre,  printed  in 
folio,  Loud,  i 677.  For  the  Plot  fee  the  Chro- 
nicles of  England  in  the  Reign  of  that  King 
filch  as  fValJingham,  Toly  dor e Vergil,  Holling - 
/head,  Speedy  Sec.  and  the  French  Chronicles  in 
the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Sixth,  as  Les 
Chroniques  dEnguerrand  de  Monfir elet.  Jean 
Juvenal  des  Ur  jins.  L' Hifioire  de  Charles  VI. 
F.  de  Belleforejl , Id  Hifioire  de  neuf  Roys 
Charles  de  France , Mezeray , See. 

Mujlapha  Son  of  So ly man  the  Magnificent , a 
Tragedy,  ailed  at  the  Dukes  Theatre,  printed 
in  folio,  Fond.  1677.  See  Taulusjovius  lib.  40. 
Thuanus  lib.  12.  Tho.  Artus  la  Continuation  de 
l' Hifioire  des  Turcs.  Fno lies’ s jurkjh  Hifiory. 

Befides  thefe  Plays,  there  is  a Comedy  lately 
publifht,  tho’  writ  as  I fuppofe  fome  years  ago, 
under  the  Title  of 

Mr.  Anthony , a Comedy  ailed  by  Their  Ma- 
jeffcies  Servants,  and  printed  in  quarto,  Lond. 

1690. 


Dramatick  Poets . 29 

1 690.  This  Play  I believe  was  a&ed  formerly, 
at  the  Dukes  Theatre  in  Lincolns- Inn- Fields^ 
becaufe  I find  Mr.  Angela  and  Mrs.  Long  a- 
mongfl:  the  A£lors  Names,  who  if  I miftake 
not,  have  been  dead  fome  years.  The  Prologue 
to  this  Play,  is  the  fame  with  that  of  The  Foot 
turn'd  Critic k : but  whether  it  be  borrow’d,  or 
genuine,  I know  not. 

Befides  thefe  Plays  our  Author  has  writ  a 
Romance,  called  T artheniffa  ; which  yields  not 
either  in  Beauty,  Language,  or  Delign  to  the 
Works  of  the  famous  Scuaery , or  Calpranedey 
however  Eminent  they  may  be  amongfl  the 
French,  for  Pieces  of  this  Nature:  and  what 
Mr.  Davis  of  Kidwelly  fays  of  Scarron  s Co- 
mical Romance,  may  with  more  Juftice  be  ap- 
plied to  our  Illuftrious  Author,  and  this  Work. 
i(k ) ’Tis  a thoufand  pities,  That  the  Author 
‘ (prevented  by  death)  hath  left  the  Work 
i imperfect ; fo  that  we  are,  and  ever  fhall  be- 
‘ at  a lofs,  to  know,  what  period  he  might  bring 
‘fo  many  noble  Adventures  to.  He  has  writ- 
ten aTreatifc  in  Folio,  call’d  The  Art  of  JVar. 

I have  been  told,  it  has  been  commended  by 
many  expert  Captains,  for  the  beft  Piece  ex- 
tant in  Englifh : hut  this  I mult  leave  to  the 
judgment  of  others,  more  experienced  in  the 
Art  Military. 

I know  not  where, or  when, our  Noble  Author 
Died : but  thofe  who  would  view  his  Character 
more  at  large,  mult  read  Sr.  William  Davenant'% 
Poem  to  his  Lordfhip^1)  which  will  make  them 
regret  the  Lofs  of  fo  great  a Man. 

(k)  Fief,  to  Sczrr  Oils  Kovels.  (\)  D*v emits  Poemtp  17s- 

Sans, 


go  An  Account  of  the 

Samuel  Brandon. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  later  part  of  Queen 
Elizabeths  Reign,  and  publifht  a Play  called 
The  Tragi -Comedy  of  the  Virtuous  Oft  avia,  ne- 
ver a 61ed,  but  printed  ia°.  Lond.  13-98.  and 
dedicated  by  a Copy  of  Verfes,  to  the  Right 
Honourable,  and  truly  Virtuous  Lady,  the 
Lady  Lucia  Audelay : accompanied  with  two 
other  Copies  in  commendation  of  the  Play.  It 
is  writ  in  alternate  Verfe,  with  a Chorus  at 
the  end  ot  each  A<51.  For  the  Ground  of  this 
Play  read  Suetonius' s Life  of  Auguftus.  ‘Plu- 
tarch's Life  of  M.  Anthony  . Dion.  Cajfuts,  &c. 
At  the  End  ol  this  Play  are  printed  two  Epi- 
files  between  Oftavia , and  her  Husband  M.  An- 
thony, in  imitation  of  Ovid's  Stile,  but  writ  in 
long  Alexandras.  They  are  dedicated  to  the 
Honourable,  Virtuous  and  Excellent  Mrs  .Mary 
T. bin.  The  Author  had  that  good  Opinion  of 
his  Play,  that  befides  his  Profopopeia  al  Libro, 
at  the  beginning  of  his  Book,  he  has  concluded 
with  this  Italian  Sentence. 

Id  aqua  non  temo  de  l'  eterno  oblio. 

Anthony  Brewer. 

A Writer  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the 
Firfl,  to  whom  is  aferib’d  by  Mr.  Kirkynan, two 
Plays , viz.  The  Country  Girl,  and  The  Love-Jicf 
Kn:g:  tho’ I quefhon  whether  the  former  be- 
long to  him,  it  being  aferib’d  to  T.  B.  in  the 
Title-page.  However  I am  lure  Mr .lVinJlanleyy 
is  much  railtakcn  in  the  Account  that  he  gives 


Dramatick  Poets.  J I 

of  our  Author,  (m)  * That  he  was  One  who  in 
' his  time  contributed  much  towards  the  Eng- 
*■  li Hi  Stage  by  his  Dramatick  Writings,  efpeci- 
1 ally,  in  that  noted  One  of  his  call’d  Lingua: 
for  neither  was  that  Play  writ  by  him,  nor 
Love’s  Load  ft  one,  Landagartba , or  Love's  Do- 
minion, as  he  and  Mr.  Phillips  affirm : Landa - 
gartha  being  writ  by  Henry  Burnel  Efq;  and 
Love's  Dominion , by  Flecknoe.  But  1 fhall  pro- 
ceed to  give  an  Account  of  thofe  Plays,  wnich 
are  afcnb’d  to  him  by  Mi.  Kirkman , who  was 
better  vers’d  in  Writings  of  this  Nature. 

Country  Girl , a Comedy  often  ailed  with 
much  applaufe,  and  printed  in  quarto,  Lond. 
164-7.  This  Play  has  been  reviv’d  on  the  Stage 
under  the  Title  of  Country  Innocence,  or  I he 
Chamber-maid  turn'd  Quaker. 

Love -ftck  King , an  Engliffi  Tragical  Hiftory, 
with  the  Life  and  Death  of  Cartefmunda  the 
fair  Nun  oilVinchefler,  printed  in  quarto, Lond. 
16s S'.  This  Play  was  likewife  reviv’d  by  the 
A (Stars  of  the  King’s  Houfe  in  the  Year  1680. 
and  ailed  by  the  Name  of  the  Perjur'd  Nun. 
The  Hiftorical  part  of  the  Plot  is  founded  on 
the  Invafion  of  the  Danes , in  the  Reign  of  K. 
Ethelred ’ and  Alfred ; which  the  Author  calls 
Etheldred and  Alured.  See  the  Writers  of  Eng- 
lifh  Affairs,  as  Polydore , Vergil,  Mat  hocus  LVeJl- 
monajlerienf.  Gul.  Malmfburienjis,  Inguljus , Ra- 
nulphus  Htgden , Du  Chefne,  Speed , Sec. 

Alexander  Brome. 

This  Author  flourifht  in  the  Reign  of  King 
(m)  Lives  oi  die  Posis.  p.  114 


Charles 


3 2 An  Account  of  the 

Charles  the  Martyr,  and  was  an  Attorney  in 
the  Lord  Mayor’s  Court.  He  was  Eminent  in 
the  word  of  Times  for  Law,  and  Loyalty,  and 
yet  more  for  Poetry.  Though  his  Genius  led 
ium  rather  to  Lyriek  than  Dramatick  Poetry, 
yet  we  have  One  Play  of  his  extant,  viz. 

Cunning  Lovers , a Comedy,  a£led  with  great 
applaufe,  by  Their  Majefties  Servants  at  the 
private  Houfe  iirDrury'Une,  printed  in  quarto. 
Lend.  itfyq..  Part  of  the  Plot  is  borrow’d ; as 
the  Duke  of  Mantu*  s (hutting  up  his  Daugh- 
ter in  the  Tower,and  his  being  deceiv’d  by  her, 
and  Prince  ' ‘Pr  of  per  o , is  taken  from  a Story 
in  the  Old  Book  of  the  Seven  Wife  Mafiery,  but 
which  the  Reader  may  find  better  related  in 
the  Fortunate  Deceiv d,and  Unfortunate  Lovers: 
in  the  Fifth  Novel  of  the  Deceiv'd  Lovers. 

Although  our  Author,  has  himfelf  made  but 
one  Attempt  in  this  Kind,  yet  we  are  indebted 
to  him  for  two  Volumes  of  Mr. Richard Bromes 
Plays  in  oftavo,  cfpecially  One  of  them,  fince 
’twas  by  his  Care, that  after  the  Author’s  Death 
they  were  oreferv’d  and  publifht.  On  which 
account  One.  T.S.  (")  amongd  other  Commen- 
dations given  our  Author  in  Verfe,  fays  thus ; 
Nor  cun  I tell  to  whom  we  are  more  bound , 
Or  to  Bromch  JVit,or  You  that  have  it  found. 
Our  Poet  is  chiefly  famous  for  his  Odes, and 
Dithyrambs*  which  he  compos’d  during  the 
late  Troubles,  together  with  his  Epiflles,  and 
Epigrams  tranflated  from  feveral  Authors,  all 
which  were  printed  together  at  the  King’s  Re- 
turn in  ociavo,  and  a Second  Edition,  Lend. 
(n j Volume  the  Second.- 

1664. 


Dramdtick  Poets.  3$ 

1664.  Nor  was  Tie  lefs  eminent  for  his  Verfion 
of  Horace  ; which  tho’ not  wholly  his  own, 
yet  having  {implied  his  Verfe  from  the  Stores 
of  Sr.  Richard Fanjhaw,  Dr-  Holliday , Sr.  Tho. 
Hawkins , the  Ingenious  Mr.  Cowley , the  Ad- 
mirable Benjohnfon , from  which  great  Mailer, 
'he  borrow’d  the  Verfion  of  the  laifcEpiftle,  De 
Arte  Toetica , to  crown  the  reft  (tho’  it  is  fince 
left  out  for  anew  Tranflatiori,  done  by  S.  T. 
Efq;  which  I take  to  be  Samuel  Tordage)  he 
has  gain’d  to  himfelf a Reputation,  which  will 
not  lpeedily  decay : tho’  the  late  Verfion  ofMr. 
Creech , feems  fomewhat  to  obfeure  its  Luflre. 

I cannot  but  inform  the  Reader,  that  he  had 
once  an  Intention  to  tranflate  Lucretius ; (°)  as 
I learn  from  an  Epigram  writ  by  Sr.  AJlon 
Cockain;  but  this  great  Work  notwithfland- 
ing  what  he  defign’d,  and  Mr. Evelyn  perform’d, 
was  relerv’d  for  the  management  of  a nobler 
Pen,  that  of  the  much  Admired  Mr.  Creech . 

Richard  Brome. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  Reign  ofK ..  Charles 
the  Firfl,  and  tho’ of  mean  Extra&ion  (being 
Servant  to  the  fam’d  Benjohnfon ) Writ  him- 
felf into  much  credit.  His  Subjeft  for  the  mofl 
part  was  Comedy,  according  to  the  ufual  Motto 
out  of  Martial^  which  he  placed  before  mofl  of 
his  Plays. 

Hie  totus  volo  rideat  IJhellus. 

As  to  his  worth  in  Comtek  Writing,  it  is 
not  only  afierted  by  the  Teltimony  of  ieveral 
Poets  of  that  Age,  in  their  commendatory 

(°)  CecKtiiiii  foeins,  o.  X04. 

C Vcr- 


54  din  Account  of  the 

Verfes  before  many  of  bis  Plays,  as  Shirley , 
Decker,  Ford. \ Chamberlain , Sr.  Ajlon  Cock&in , 
Alexander  Bronte , and  others : but  even  Ben 
Johnfon.  himfelf  (who  was  not  over-lavifh  of 
of  Praile)1  bellowed  the  following  Copy  on  his 
Northern  Lafs,  which  will  weigh  againll  all 
the  Calumnies  of  his  Enemies. 

To  my  Faithful  Servant,  and  (by  his  continu’d 
Virtue)  my  Loving  Friend  the  Author  of 
this  Work,  Mr.  Richard Brome. 

I had  you  for  a Servant,  once,  Dick  Brome ; 

And  you  perform'd  a Servants  faithful  parts , 
Now  you  are  got  into  a nearer  Room 
Of  Fell 'ow, (hip,  profejfmg  my  old  Arts. 

Ana  you  do  do  them  well,  with  good  ApplauJ'e, 
IFhichyou  have  jufily gain'd r from  the  Staget 
By  obfervation  of  thofe  Comic  f Laws 

IVhtch  1 , your  Majler,  firjl  did  teach  the  Age, 
Tou  learnt  it  well,  and  for  it  fervdyour  time 
A Trentice-fhip,  which  Jew  do  now  a days  : 

No  w each  Court  Hobbihorfe  will  wince  in  Rime  ; 

Both ■ learned,  ynd  unlearned,  all  write  Flays. 
Jt  was  not  fo,  of  Old:  Men  took  up  Trades 
That  knew  theCrafts  they  hadbin  bred  in  right,’ 
An  honejl  Bilboe-Smith  would  make  good  B lades t 
And  the  Fhyfitidn  teach  men J'pue  and  Jh — 
The  Cobler  kept  him  to  his  Aul ; but  now 
He' 'll be  a Foet , fcarce  can  guide  a Flow. 

Tho’  the  later  part  of  this  Copy  be  r.  i imita- 
tion of  the  following  Lines  of  Horace , yet  I 
doubt  not  but  the  Reader  will  pardon  Ben  for 
his  ingenious  Application, 

Hortu 


Dramtick  Touts'. 


3S 


Fhratii  Epiltolarum,  Lib.  x.  Eplft.  I. 

Navemagere  ignarUs  navis  timet:  abrotonum  agro 
Non  audetyiifi  qui  didicit,dare.  Quod  Me  die  or u ejl 
fromittunt  Medici : traSiant  fabilia  fabri. 
Scribimus  indoEti  doEiique  Toemata  pqjjim. 

In  imitation  of  his  Mailer  Mr.  Johnfon,  he 
fludied  Men  and  Humor,  mope  than  Books  ; 
and  his  Genius  affe&ing  Comedy,  his  Province 
was  more  Obfervation  than  Study.  His  Plots 
were  his  own,  and  he  forg’d  all  his  various 
Charatters  from  the  Mint  of  his  own  Experi- 
ence, and  Judgment.  ’Tis  not  therefore  to  be 
expelled,  that  I fhould  be  able  to  trace  him, 
who  was  fo  excellent  an  Imitator  of  his  Mailer, 
that  he  might  truly  pafs  lor  an  Original : fo 
that  all  that  I can  inform  my  Reader  of  his 
Plays,  is  that  he  has  Fifteen  in  print,  moll  of 
which  were  a6ted  with  good  Applaufe,  and 
that  feveral  of  them  have  been  thought  wor- 
thy to  be  revived  by  the  Players,  (to  their 
own  Profit,  and  the  Author’s  Honor)  in  this 
Critical  Age.  Nor  are  feveral  of  his  other 
Plays  lefs  worthy  of  Commendation : of  which 
Alphabetically.  . 

Antipodes,  a Comedy  a£led  in  the  year  1 6 $3. 
by  the  Queen’s  Majclties  Servants,  at  Salijbmy 
Court  in  Fleetjireet , printed  in  quarto  1640. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Wil- 
liam Earl  of  Her  >rd. 


City  Wit , or  7 Woman  wears  the  Breeches, 
a Comedy  printed  in  o£lavo  Lond.  16?$. 
Covent-Garden  weeded , or  The  MiddJefex 
offence,  printed  in  o&ayo  Lend,  16 qS, 


G » 


Court 


I S Art  Account  of  the 

Court  Beggar,  a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Cock-pit 
by  His  Majeflies  Servants,  Anno  1632.  and 
printed  in  odlavo,  Lond.  165-3. 

Damoifette , or  The  Neva  Ordinary , a Comedy 
printed  in  oibavo  Lond.  165- 3. 

EngliJIj  Moor , or  The  Mock  Marriage , a Co- 
medy often  ailed  with  general  applaufe, by  her 
Majeflies  Servants, printed  in  oilavo  Lon.i6$9. 

'jovial  Crew , or  The  Merry  Beggars , a Co- 
medy prefented  at  the  Cock-pit  in  Drury -lane, 
in  the  year  1641,  printed  in  quarto  Lond. \Gyx: 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Noble,  Ingenious 
and  Judicious  Gentleman  Thomas  Stanley  Efq; 
This  Play  was  reviv’d  by  the  Ailors  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre,  and  reprinted  1686. 

Love- fie k Court , or  The  Ambitious  To li tick l, 
a Comedy  printed  in  oilavo  Lond.  16$  8.  What 
Opinion  the  Author  himfelf  had  of  this  Co- 
medy may  be  gathered  by  the  followingDiflick, 
prefixt  in  his  Title-page. 

Nil  me  a,  ceu  mos  eji , comendes  carmina  euro , 

Se  niji  comendent  carmina  Hifpereant. 

Mad  Couple  well  Matcht ; a Comedy  printed 
in  o£lavo  Lond.  165-3.  This  Play  was  reviv’d 
on  the  Stage  by  the  Duke’s  A6lors,  under  the 
Title  of  The  Debauchee , ox  The  Credulous 
Cuckold ; and  reprinted  in  quarto  Lond.  1677. 

New  Academy,  or  The  New  Exchange,  a Co- 
medy printed  in  o£lavo  Lond.  i6y8. 

Northern  Lafs , a Comedy  acted  with  great  * 
Applaufe  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  by  His  Maje- 
flies Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1663. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Worthy,  and  no 
lefs  Judicious  than  Ingenious  Gentleman  Rich,. 

NT 


Dr amatick  Poets.  57 

Ho  If  or  d Efquire.  This  Play  is  commended  not 
only  by  the  above-mentioned  Benfohnjon , but 
by  Five  other  Copies  of  Verfes  printed  before 
the  Play;  This  Play  was  reviv’d  by  the  Play- 
ers, lince  the  Union  of  the  Two  Houfos,  and 
reprinted  in  quarto  Lond.  1684.  with  anew 
Prologue  and  Epilogue,  the  former  written 
by  Jo.  Haynes  the  Comedian. 

Novella , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Blackgfriars , 
by  His  Ma  jellies  Servants  Anno  1632..  and  prin- 
ted in  oilavo  Lond.  1.65-3.  This  I take  to  ex- 
ceed many  of  our  modern  Comedies. 

Queen  and  Concubine , a Comedy  printed  in 
oilavo  Lond.  i6yp. 

Queen's  Exchange , a Comedy  ailed  with  ge- 
neral applaufe  at  the  Blxckzfrydrs,  by  His  Ma- 
jelties  Servants,  and  printed  in  quarto  i6yi- 

Sparagus  Garden , a Comedy  ailed  in  the  year 
1635-.  by  the  then  Company  of  Revels,  at  Sa- 
lisbury -Court , printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1640. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Wil- 
liam Earl  of  Nevccajlle,&.c.  Governor  to  the 
Prince  hisHighnefs.  This  Comedy  is  applauded 
by  Two  Copies  of  Verfes  writ  by  two  of  the 
Author’s  Friends. 

He  joyn’d  with  Thomas  Hey  wood,  in  a Play 
called  The  late  Lancajhire  Witches : an  Account 
of  which  foe  in  that  Author. 

Ten  ofthefo  Plays  are  printed  in  two  Vo- 
lumes in  oilavo,  each  under  the  Title  of  Five 
New  Plays  by  Richard  Brome. 

Mr.  PhilhpSj(p)  I know  not  for  what  Reafon, 
has  omitted  leverai  of  our  Authors  Plays,  viz. 

(p)  Jbtatrw  Poet&mm-)  p*e.  157, 
r , C 3 


2? 


58  An  Account  of  the 

‘Jdamoyfelle , New  Academy , Queeen  and  Con - 
cubine , Queens  Exchange , and  Lancajhire 
PFitches. 

Fulk  Grevile  Lord  Brook. 

This  Honourable  Perfon  was  Son  to  St. Fulk 
Grevile  the  Elder,  of  Beauchamp-Court  in  War- 
wickshire ; and  after  having  been  Educated 
fome  time  at  Cambridge , he  removed  to  Court 
in  the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth:  and  in  the 
Seventeenth  year  of  King  James  the  Firlt,  he 
was  made  a Baron.  He  was  eminently  F amous 
for  Learning  and  Courage.  He  was  bred  up 
with  the  Fam’d  Sr.  Thilip  Sidney , and  in  his 
youth  writ  feveral  Poems  of  different  Kinds, 
araongft  which  are  two  Dramatick  Pieces,  viz. 

Alaham , a Tragedy  printed  in  Folio  1633. 
This  Play  feems  an  Imitation  of  the  Ancients. 
The  Prologue  is  fpoken  by  a Ghoft,  one  of  the 
Old  Kings  of  Ormus , (an  Ifland  Scituate  at  the 
Entrance  of  the  Ter/ian  Gulf)  where  the  Scene 
of  the  Dramma  lies.  This  Spe£tre  gives  an 
Account  of  each  Character ; which  is  poflibly 
done  in  Imitation  of  Euripides , who  ufually 
int  roduced  one  of  the  chief  A£tors,  as  the  Pro- 
logue whole  bufinefs  was  to  explain  all  thole 
Circurnftances  which  preceded  the  opening  of 
the  Stage.  The  Author  has  been  fo  careful  in 
obferving  the  Rules  of  Arijlotle  and  Horace 9 
that  whereas  Horace  (<i)  fays 

— nec  quart  a loqui  perfona  labor  et. 

He  has  in  no  Scene  throughout  introduc’d  a- 
bove  two  Speakers ; except  in  the  Chorus  be- 

(q)  lot  Arte  Poelicx. 


tween 


Dramatick  Poets.  39 

tween  each  ACt:  and  even  there  he  obferves 
all  the  Rules  laid  down  by  that  great  Mailer, 
in  the  Art  of  Poetry,  part  of  whole  Directions 
to  the  Chorus  are  as  follows : (r) 

I lie  dapes  laudet  menfa  brevis : iUe  falubrem 
JuJiitiam , legefque,  <jy  apertis  otia  Port  is. 

For  the  Plot  of  this  Tragedy  I know  not 
whence  it  is  taken,  neither  can  I find  the 
Name  of  any  fuch  King  as  Alaham , amonglt 
thole  Princes  that  Reigned  there,  which  are 
enumerated  by  Mr.  Herbert  (f)  in  his  Account 
of  Ormus. 

MuHaphay  a Tragedy  printed  in  Folio  1633. 
What  I have  fpoken  of  the  former,  may  be  ap- 
plied to  this  Play  likewile,  as  to  the  Rules  of 
the  Ancients : lince  both  feem  to  be  built  on 
their  Model.  All  I have  to  fay  further  is,  that 
an  imperfect  Copy  of  this  Play  appeared  in 
print  in  quarto  Lond.  1609.  tho’  I liippofe 
without  Ins  Lordlhip’s  Knowledge,  lince  it 
may  rather  be  fliled  a Fragment,  than  a Tra- 
gedy. But  thole  Imperfections  are  amended 
in  the  Folio  Edition. 

As  to  the  Foundation  of  the  Play,  ’tis  the 
fame  with  that  of  my  Lord  Orrery  s Tragedy : 
therefore  I refer  you  to  the  fame  Authors,  viz. 
Taulus  JoviuSy  Thuanus,  &c. 

Both  thefe  Plays  are  printed  together  in 
folio  Lond.  1633.  with  leveral  other  Poems, 
as  A Treat  if e of  Humane  Learning.  An  Inqui- 
Jition  upon  Fame  and  Honour.  A Treat  if e of 
IFars.  All  thefe  are  written  in  a Stanza  of  Six 
Lines ; four  interwoven,  and  a Couplet  in 

(0  Arte  Ftetift,  (ij  bee  hisTraveli,  third  Etiir.  p.ii4» 
C4  Bafe  3 


4 ~>  An  Account  of  the 

Bafe  ; 'which  the  Italians  call  Sejline.  Ccelica 
containing  One  Hundred  and  Nine  Sonnets  of 
different  Meafures,  on  different  Subje&s.There 
are  in  this  Volume  two  Letters,  the  One  to  an 
Honourable  Lady  ; the  Subject  of  which  is, 
how  to  behave  her  felf  in  a Married  State  : 
The  other  written  to  his  Cofen  Grevil  Varney 
then  in  France ; containing  Dire£tions  for 
Travel. 

His  Lordfhip  has  other  Pieces  aferibed  to 
him,  beffdes  thefe  publifht  under  his  Name ; as 
the  Life  of  his  Friend  and  Companion,  Sir 
Philip  Sidney , printed  at  the  beginning  of  the 
Mrcadia , under  the  name  of  His 

Remains,  or  Poems  of  Monarchy  and  Religion , 
printed  in  o<5tavo  Lond.  id^o.  and  other  Pieces 
which  becaufe  of  their  uncertainty  I omit. 
Only,  I cannot  pafs  by  a Miftake  committed  by 
Mr.  ‘Phillips , and  Mr.  JVinJlanley ; who  aferibe 
another  Play  to  him  called  Marcus  Tullius 
Cicero's  Tragedy,  This  Play  was  not  written, 
at  lealt  not  printed,  as  I fuppofe,  till  long  after 
his  Lordfhips  Death,  who  was  unhappily  kill’d 
by  an  ungrateful  Servant,  who  afterwards  to 
avoid  the  Sentence  of  the  Law',  made  his  own 
Hand  the  Executioner  of Juftice, making  Death 
his  Choice,  which  fhould  have  been  his  Pun- 
ifliment. 

4 This  Worthy  Nobleman  lies  Buried  (as  Dr. 

4 Fuller  if)  fays)  in  PVarvcick^  Church,  under 
*a  Monument  of  black  and  white  Marble, 

4 whereon  he  is  (tiled,  Servant  to  §!peen  Eliza- 
beth, Councellor  to  King  James , and  Friend  to 
( vvuxth its,  iruiiviiK-pue.  pag.  127. 

Sr, 


Dramatick  Poets.  41 

Sr.  Philip  Sidney : Dying  Anno  1 6 — without 
IlTue  and  unmarried.  Thofe  who  would  read 
his  Character  more  at  large,  may  have  recourfe 
to  that  excellent  Author  above-mentioned. 

Henry  Burkhead. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  K .Charles 
the  Martyr,  being  a Merchant  in  Brijlol.  He 
writ  a Play  in  the  year  iCkpy.  called  Colds 
Furie , or  Lirendds  Mifery , a Tragedy,  dedi- 
cated to  the  Right  Honourable  Edward  Somer- 
fet,  Lord  Herbert.  The  Subject  of  this  Play, 
is  the  Irifh  Rebellion , which  broke  out  the 
twenty-third  day  of  OElober  1641.  Tis  couch’d 
under  feign’d  Names ; as  OJirus  for  the  late 
Duke  of  Ormond , Berofus , for  Sr.  John  Bor- 
lace,  fyc.  the  other  Characters  are  eafily  diR 
covered  by  reading  Sr.  John  Temple's  Hiflory 
of  the  Irifh  Rebellion,  printed  Land.  1 646.  and 
Sr.  JohnBorlace  his  Hiflory  on  the  fame  Sub- 
ject, Folio  Lond.  16 — . This  Play  was  never 
aCted,  but  introduc’d  into  the  world  by  two  Re- 
commendatory Copies  of  Verfes,  written  by 
his  Friends:  both  which  may  feem  to  the 
Reader,  to  be  too  partial  in  their  Judgments ; 
as  may  be  judg’d  by  the  following  Lines, which 
are  part  of  a Copy  writ  by  Mr.  Paul  Ay Iwar  'd. 

What  thd  of  Terence,  Seneca,  we  hear, 

And  other  modern  Scenic ks,  in  our  Sphere  ; 

Ton  I prefer.  Johnfon  for  all  his  Wit 
Could  never  paint  out  Times  as  you  have  hit 


The 


42  An  Account  of  the 

The  Manners  of  our  Slge : The  Fame  declines 
Of ne're  enough  prais'd  Shake Ipear  if  thy  lines 
Come  to  he publifht : Beaum'  & Fletcher’.? [kill 
Submits  to yours , and  your  more  learned  QuiU. 

Henry  Burnel*  Efq; 

This  Gentleman  liv’d  in  Ireland  in  the 
Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Firfl.  He  writ  a 
Play  called  Landgartha,  a- Tragi-Comedy,  pre- 
fented  in  the  New  Theatre  in  Dublin , with 
good  applaufe,  being  an  ancient  Story,  printed 
in  quarto,  Dublin  1641.  and  dedicated  To  all 
Fair , indifferent  Fair , Virtuous  that  are  not 
Fair , and  magnanimous  Ladies , This  Play  is 
ufher’d  into  the  world  with  Four  Copies  of 
Verfes,  three  Latine  and  oneEnglifh,  but  be- 
ing guilty  of  the  lame  partiality  with  the  for- 
mer, I fhull  omit  to  infert  any.  The  Play  it 
1'elf  was  firlt  ailed  on  St.  Patrick' s-day  1639. 
with  allowance  of  the  Mailer  ol  the  Revels. 
The  Author  it  feetns,  mifearried  in  a former 
Play,  and  therefore  in  imitation  of  Benjohn - 
foil  (u)  (whom  he  Biles  The  Bejl  of  Enghjb 
Poets)  he  has  introduc’d  his  Play,  by  a Pro- 
logue fpoken  by  an  Amazon, with  a Battle-Ax  in 
her  Hand ; which  fucceeded  to  the  Author’s 
fatisfailion.  The  Plot  is  founded  on  the  Con- 
queft  of  Fro , (which  the  Author  calls  Frollo) 
King  of  Suevia,  or  Sue  th  land Regner  (or  as  the 
Author  calls  him  Reyner)  King  of  Denmark : 
with  the  Repudiation  of  Landgertha  Queen  to 
Regner.  See  Krantzius , lib.  4.  c.  6.  Saxo  Gram- 
maticus,lib. 9.  Jo. Magnus,  lib.  17.  c.  4,5-.  <jyc. 

(uj  Set  Prologue  10  Foctsttcr. 


Dr  aw  At  id t Poets . 4 j 


* 

Lady  Elizabeth  Carew. 


A Lady  that  flourifht  in  the  Reign  of  Qu. 
Ji\,  Elizabeth , of  whom  I am  able  to  give  no 
other  Account,  than  what  I collect  from  the. 
Title-page  of  a Play,  call’d  Mariam  the  Fair 
Queen  of  Jewry,  her  Tragedy,  written  (fays 
the  Publifher)  by  that  Learned,  Virtuous, and 
truly  Noble  Lady,  Elizabeth  Carew,  and  prin- 
ted in  quarto  Lond.  1613.  The  Play  is  writ 
in  the  fame  meafure  of  Verfe,  with  the  Tra- 
gedies of  the  Earl  of  Sterline , %iz.  in  Alter- 
nate Verfe,  and  the  Chorus  is  writ  in  Settines, 
or  a Stanza  of  Six  Lines,  four  interwoven  and 
a Couplet  in  Bafe.  For  the  Play  itfelf,  it  is 
very  well  Pen’d,  confidering  thofe  Times,  and 
the  Lady’s  Sex : I leave  it  to  the  Readers  to 
compare  it  with  that  modern  Tragedy  of  Herod 
and  Mariamne.  Her  Story  is  written  at  large 
iwjofephus  his  Hiflory  of  the  Jews.  See  //A  14. 
ana  15-.  Salian.  Tom.  6.  A.M.  4012.  &c.  TornieL 
Tom.  2.  A.  M.  402 6. 

Thomas  Carew. 

A Courtier  much  in  Favour  with  K.  Charles 
the  Firft,  being  One  of  the  Gentlemen  of  the 
Privy-Chamber;  and  Sewer  in  Ordinary.  He 
Was  the  Author  of  a Mafque  call’d  Ccelum  Bri~ 
tanicum  ; which  was  performed  at  IV bite -hall y 
in  the  Banqueting-houfe  on  Shrove-Tuefday 

Night, 


44  dn  Account  of  the 

Night,  the  Eighteenth  of  February  1633.  by 
the  King’s  Majcfty,  the  Duke  of  Lenox , the 
Earls  of  Devon  fire , Holland , Newport,  &c. 
with  feveral  other  Lords  and  Noblemen’s  Sons. 
He  was  aflifted  in  the  contrivance  by  Mr  .Inigo 
Jones,  that  Famous  Architect ; and  all  the  Songs 
were  fet  by  Mr.  Henry  Lawes,  Gentleman  of 
the  King’s  Chappel,  and  one  of  the  private 
Mufick  to  King  Charles  the  Fir  ft.  It  being 
written  by  the  King’s  exprefs  Command,  our 
Author  placed  this  DiflicK  in  the  Front,  when 
printed. 

Non  habet  Ingenium;  Cxfar  fedjufftt : habebo ; 
Cur  me  pojje  negem,  pojje  quod  ille  put  at. 

He  writbefides,  feveral  Poems,  Songs,  and 
Sonnets  which  are  received  with  good  E- 
fteem  by  the  Wits  of  this  Age,  and  are  printed 
with  the  foregoing  Mafque.  Thefe  Poems 
have  been  feveral  tunes  Reprinted,  the  Fourth 
Edition  being  printed  in  octavo  Lond.  1670. 
This  Mafque  is  not  mentioned  by  either  Mr. 
‘Philips,  or  Mr.  IVinftanley , becaufe  it  was  for- 
merly,through  a miffake,afcrib’d  to  Sr .JViUiam 
Davenant . 

Sr.  John  Suckling,  that  gay  Wit,  who  de- 
lighted to  Railly  the  belt  Poets,  and  fpar’d  not 
Ben  Johnfon  himfelf,  has  thus  play’d  upon  our 
Author  in  his  SeJJions  of  Poets.  (a) 

Tom  Carew  was  next,  but  he  had  a Fault 

Float  would  not  well  ft  and  with  a Laureat; 

His  MuJ'e  was  hide-bound, cfr  the  iffue  of  s brain 

JVi is feldome  brought  forth  but  with  trouble  and 
pain.  And 

, (5)  I’iemh  pag.  8.  a 


All 


Dramatick  Poets.  45 

All  that  were  there prefent  did  agree , 

That  a Laureat  (jNufe  Jhould  be  eafy  and  free , 

Tet  fur e 'twas  not  that;  but  ’twas  thought  that 
His  Grace-, 

Confided d he  was  well,  he  had  a Cup-bearer's 

'Place, 

But  this  is  not  to  be  taken  for  the  real  Judg- 
ment of  that  Excellent  Poet : and  he  was  too 
good  a Judge  of  Wit  to  be  ignorant  of  Mr.  Ca- 
rew’s  Worth,  and  his  Talent  in  Poetry,  and 
had  he  pleas’d  he  could  have  Paid  as  much  in 
his  Commendation,  as  Sr  William  2)’ Avenant 
in  thofe  Stanzas  writ  to  him,  (b)  with  part 
of  which  we  fhall  conclude : 

Not  but  thy  Verfes  are  as fmooth  and  high 

As  Glory , Love , and  Wine  from  Wit  can  raife  ; 

But  now  the  'Devil  take  fuch  Dejliny ! 

IV hat  fhould  commend  them , turns  to  their 
difpraife. 

Thy  Wits  chief  Virtue , is  become  its  Vice  ; 

For  every  Beauty  thou  haft  rais'd fo  highy 

That  now  courfe  Faces  carry  fuch  a Price , 

As  muft  undo  a Lover  that  would  buy. 

Lodowick  Carlell,  Efq j 

This  Gentleman  flourifht  in  the  Reigns  of 
King  Charles  the  Fir  ft  and  Second.  He  was  an 
Ancient  Courtier,  being  Gentleman  of  the 
Bows  to  King  Charles  theFirfl,  Groom  of  the 
King  and  Queen’s  Privy-chamber,  and  ferved 
the  Queen-Mother  many  years.  His  Plays 

(b)  See  Dayeiuint'i  Works. 

(which 


4 6 An  Account  of  the 

( which  are  Eight  in  number ) were  well  e- 
lleem’d  of,  and  moll  of  them  appeared  on  the 
Stage,  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Black-friar s,  not- 
withstanding the  prohibition  of  the  Stage  in 
thole  days.  The  Names  follow. 

Arviragus  andThiliciay  a Tngi-Comedy  in 
two  parts,  ailed  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Blacky 
Friars  by  his  Majefties  Servants,  and  printed 
in  octavo  Lend.  This  Play  was  fince  re- 

vived on  our  Stage,  a new  Prologue  being  writ 
by  Mr.  cDrydenJ  and  fpokeby  Mr.  Hart.  (e) 
rhere  is  another  Prologue  printed  in  London 
Drollery  y pag.  to.  SeVeralof  our  Hillorians 
Ipeak  of  the  Ailions  of  this  Illuftrious  Prince. 
See  MattbiVethnonaJl.  A.D.  44.  pag.  pj.  Golf. 
MonwnetenJ'.  lib.  4.  c.  1 6.  Tol.  Vergil,  lib.  2,. 
Grafton.  Part  7.  p.  77.  Thefe  all  agree,  that 
he  Reign’d  in  the  time  of  Claudius  C<cfar,  but 
Mr.  Speed  (d)  will  have  it,  that  he  liv’d  in  the 
time  of  D omit  tan  Ccfar , from  Juvenal  (e)  who 
introduces  Fabritius  Vejento  a Roman  Senator 
flattering  Domitian,  at  the  Councel  held  about 
the  Turbot , as  follows, 

Begem  aliquem  capies>aut  de  Tmone  Britanno 

Excidet  Arviragus, — 

But  in  this  he  is  miflaken,  for  Arviragus  was 
dead  before  the  Reign  of  Domitian , fo  that  the 
Sycophant  could  not  mean  that  he  fhould  over- 
come Him , but  fome  Britijb  or  Foreign  War- 
ner, as  llout  as  that  Arviragus  fubdued  by  his 
his  Father  Vejpajtan. 

(c)  Sec  Dryden’s  Mifc.  Poems,  p.181.  (d)  Ltj.  c.6.  (e)Sit.  4. 

‘Dc- 


Dramatic k Poets:  47 

! Deferving  Favourite,  a Tragi-Comedy,  prc- 
fented  before  the  King  and  Queen’s  Majellies 
at  White  hall,  and  very  often  at  the  Private 
Houfe  in  Blachfriars , with  great  Applaufe,  by 
King  Charles  the  Firithis  Servants,  printed  in 
odtavo  Lond.  1 6yp.  and  dedicated  to  his  very 
Noble  and  Approved  Friends  Mr.  Thomas  Cary 
Son  to  the  Earl  of  Monmouth ; and  Mx.  William 
Murrey:  both  of  the  Bed-chamber  to  His 
Majelty. 

Fool vcould  he  a Favourite , or  The  Difcreet 
Lover , often  adted  by  the  Queen’s  Majefties 
Servants  with  great  /applaufe,  and  printed  in 
odtavo  Lond.  iGy']. 

Ofmond  the  Great  Turk , otherwife  called 
The  Noble  Servant  his  Tragedy ; a died  by  the 
Queens  Ser\  ants  with  great  applaufe, and  prin- 
ted with  the  former,  odtavo  Lond.  i6yq.  The 
Adtion  of  this  Play,  is  the  taking  of  Conjlanti- 
nople , in  the  year  14^3.  I know  not  why  the 
Author  has  alter’d  his  Scene,  from  Greece , to 
Barb  ary  ; or  the  Names  of  Mahomet , and  Irene , 
for  Me/chofus,  and  Uefpina : except  in  imita- 
tion of  Beaumont , and  Fletcher , who  have 
transfer ’d  the  Names  of  Rollo,  and  Otto , on 
Antoninus  and  Get  a,  and  degraded  thole  Em- 
perors of  Rome , by  Creating  them  Dukes  of 
Normandy.  Many  Authors  have  treated  of 
this  Story,  in  the  Life  of  Mahomet  the  Second, 
confult  Chalcocondylus  lib.  8.  cap.  6.  Knolles't 
TurkjJh  Hiftory.  This  Story  is  likewife  in  Ban- 
deUo’s  Novels  ; fee  the  French  Tranflation  by 
Belief  or  eB,  Tome  1.  Hift.  a.  See  Painter's  Pa- 
lace of  T leaf  are,  a Book  of  Novels,  printed  in 

quarto, 


48  'An  Account  of  the 

quarto  Lond.  i?66.  Nov.  4$.  For  the  Under- 
plot of  Or  canes,  Calibeus,  and  Ozaca , ’tis  found- 
ed on  the  Story  of  ^JMuJiapha,  Son  to  Maho~ 
met  the  Second,  Achmet  Bajja,  and  his  Wife. 
See  Lipfii  Monita.  lib.  a.  cap.  p.  pag.  iay. 
Artus  le  Contin.  de  l' Hist,  des  Turcs.  L.  11. 
Knolles , &c. 

Tajjionate  Lover , a Tragi-Comedy  in  two 
parts,  twice  prefented  before  the  King  and 
Queen’s  Majefties  at  Somerfet-houJ'e , and  very 
often  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Black-friars , 
with  great  applaufe,by  King  Charles  the  FirlFs 
Servants,  printed  in  oclavo  Lond.  idyy,  and 
Dedicated  to  the  Illuftrious  Princefs  fMary 
Dutchefs  of  Richmond, , and  Lenox , by  the  Pub- 
liflier  Mr.  Alexander  Goughe.  On  this  Play  the 
ingenious  Alexander  Brome  has  writ  a Copy 
of  Verfes,  which  feem  to  refleft  on  the  Cha- 
r after  of  the  Tajjionate  Lover , and  may  be 
found  by  the  Curious, in  his  Toems  8°.  pag. ay 5. 
Edition  the  Second. 

Her ac Hus  Emperor  of  the  Eajl,  a Tragedy 
tranflated  from  the  French  of  Monfieur  T. Cor- 
neille, and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1664.  This 
Play  was  never  afted,  tho’  intended  by  the 
Tranflator  for  the  Stage : but  another  Tranfla- 
rion  formerly  defign’d,  (after  this  feem’d  to  be 
accepted)  being  perfected  was  prefer’d  by  the 
Players,  and  this  not  return’d  tp  the  Author 
until  the  very  day  the  other  was  Afted.  But 
notwithflanding  the  Preference  given  to  the 
other,  certainly  this  Verfton  is  not  contempti- 
ble ; at  leaf!  if"  the  Author’s  Reafons  in  the 
Prologue  make  take  place : 

All 


Dramatick  Poets.  49 

All  things  have  proper  Idioms  of  their  own, 

Their  Elegance  in  Ours  is  hardlyjbown  ; 

This,  but  a Copy,  and  all  fuch  go  /e/s, 

Great  Beauties  may  be  altered  by  the  Brefs. 

Having  given  you  the  Author’s  Excufe  for 
hi$  Translation,  let  me  give  you  his  Opinion 
of  Tranflauons  in  general  in  the  following 
Diftielc.  1 6 

T hope  who  tranflate , hope  but  a Labourer's praife, 
1C bo  well  invent , contrive ; deferve  the  Bays. 

In  the  defign  of  this  Play,  the  French  Au- 
thor  follows  Baronius's  Eccldialtical  Annals, 
but  does  not  (as  he  himfelf  acknowledges  in 
hisExamen  ot  this  Play )ltriclly  follow  truth  in 
many  things.  See  Le  Theatrede  Corneille,  tom. 
3 Je  nay  conjh  ve  icy  pour  toute  verite  Hijio * 
rifue  que  I’ordre  de  la  SucceJJion  des  Empereurs, 
T there,  Maurice , ‘Phocas,  fy  Heraclms , &c. 
Many  are  the  Hiftorians  that  have  treated  on 
this  Story,  as  Nicephorus  Qaliftus  Eccl.  lift. 
Cedreni  Annul  Zonaras,  Annal.  Baronins,  &c. 

tAs. Phillips  has  omitted  Three  of  thefe  Plays, 
viz.  Bejervmg  Favourite , Fool  would  be  a Fa- 
vourit e,  and  Heraclius : the  later  is  forgot  like- 
wife  by  Mr.  PEinJlanley , who  has  in  requital 
Father’d  another  Piay  on  him,  which  belongs 
to  Dr.  Lodge,  viz.  Marius  and  Scylla. 

James,  Carlile. 

A young  Author  now  living,  who  has  late- 
ly publifht  a Play,  call’d  The  Fortune  Hunters, 
or  Two  Fools  well  met : a Comedy  acted  by  his 
Majellies  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 

D 


5 <p  An  Actornt  of  the 

i6Bs-  I know  not  how  it  fuceeeded  on  the 
Stdge,  but  if  it  be  confider’d  as  the  FirflPlay 
of  a young  Poet,  I think  it  defer.v’d  Applaufe, 
and  exceeds.. fe'veral  Comedies  printed  in  this 
Agt.  Only  I think  the  Author’s,  as  well  as 
Mr.  Spruce Brains  were  a little  Doz’d  when 
fte  writ  the  end  of  the  Second  Aft : where 
lie  riiiftakes1  young  Wealthy  s Hand  for  the 
Handle  of  the  Pump,  and  the,  Orange-flower- 
f of 'Pump-water.. 

* That  he  rye anf  well  is  all  he  has  to  plead;  p 

Faith  then  he  hind,  and  let  his  Tlay  fucceed,> 

- And  take  for  once  the  Good-will, for  the  Deed.  \ 

Richard  Carpenter. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  called  The  Tragma- 
tical  Jefuit  new  leaven'd ; printed  .in  quarto, 
but  when,  or  where  I know  not  through  the 
deleft  of  my  Copy.  All  that  I can  acquaint  the 
Reader  with,  is  that  it  is  a very  inftruftive 
Play,  chiefly  tending  to  Morality  ; fhewing 
the  difference  between  true  Religion,  and  Hy- 
poclirify.  The  Author  has  made-,  it  his  bufi- 
nefs  to  cxpofe  all  the  Subtleties  and  inventions 
of  the  Rornifh  Clergy  to  gain  Profelites,  and 
promote  their  Religion.  I know  not  whether 
or  no,  it  might  not  be  writ  by  a Divine  of  that 
Name,  tire  Author  of  federal  Sermons,  par- 
ticularly Three,  of  keeping  a good  Confcience, 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  16x3. 

£.pilogus  10  che  l’ lay. 

WiK 


Dr  a m a tick-  ' Poets.  - 5 1 

William  Carthwright. 

A Perfon  as  Eminent  for  Royalty  and  Learn- 
ing, (his  years  confider’ d)  as  any  tli  Is-  Age  has 
produc’d.  One,  whofe-GlMiaCtei'  has  been  ’Writ- 
ten by  feveral  Pens  ; and  therefore  has  afforded 
me,  (who  fetch  my  ’knowledge  from  Books, 
more  thin  verbal  Information)  the  larger  lub- 
jeCl  to  expatiate  on.  • 1 • *- 

The  Place  off  this  Author’s  Nativity,  the 
time,  and  his  Fathers 'Name,  ate  differently 
reprefented  by  thofe  *Au then's  that  have  men- 
tion'd him.  Mr.  ) lavs  that  he  was  the 

Son  of  Thomas  Carthvcright  of  Burford  in  Ox- 
ford Jhire,  and  Born  Aug,  if?.' in  the  year  i6i?. 
Mr.  JVood  {%)  fays  thit  he'was  the  Son  of  Wil- 
liam Carthivright,  and  Born  at  Nortbway  near 
Tewsfbury  in  Gloucejler-fhire , in  Sept:  idii. 
and  Chfiftned  the  i6t5,day  of  the  fame  Month. 
That  his  Father  had  diffipated  k fair  Inheri- 
tance, lie  knew  not  howy  and  as  his  laff  Refuge 
turn’d -Inn-keeper  at  Girencefter.  This  Account 
contradicts  the  Publiflier:of  his  Poems,  who 
fays  that  he  Died  at  Thirty.  But  however 
uncertain  the  place  aind  %ime  off  his  Birth  be  ; 
certain  it  is,  thathe  was’  bred  a Ring’s-Scholar 
under  the  Reverenda-nd Learned Dr. Oldbafton : 
3nd  in  the  year  1631  was  chofe  Student  of 
Chrijl -Church  College'  in'  Oxford,  and  plac’d  un- 
der the  care  of  Mr.  Terrent.  He  took  his  feve- 
ral Degrees,  of  Bachelor  and  Maffer  of  Arts, 
and  afterwards  was  chofen  by  the  Houfe  as 

(f ) Mmqiui , pag.  411,  (g)  Anctq.  Owwenf.  p.  174. 

D i Pro- 


52  An  Account  of  tht 

ProCtor,  and  admitted  as  Junior  to  Mr.  JVake 
of  tSMagdalen  College  by  the  Univerlity,  the 
Twelfth  of  April  1643 . and  the  lame  year,  'viz. 
on  the  xpth  of  November , he  Died  of  a Malig- 
nant Feaver,  which  then  raign’d,  and  was  that 
year  Fatal  to  others  of  his  Contemporaries, 
as  Mr.  Mafters  of  Nevo-College,  Mr.  Diggs  of 
All-Souls , and  others  both  Men  of  the  Gown 
and  Sword.  He  was  Buried  the  firit  of  ‘Decem- 
ber in  the  South-IJle , being  lamented  not  only 
by  all  good  and  learned  Men,  but  even  by  Ma- 
jelly  it  felf : the  King  and  Queen  having  anxi- 
oufly  enquir’d  after  him  all  the  time  of  his  Sick- 
nefs,  ana  fhewed  themfelves  much  affli&ed  at 
his  Death.  On  the  Ninth  of  December  Mr. 
Maplet  of  the  fame  Houle,  was  chofe  to  fupply 
his  Place  the  remaining  part  of  the  year. 

He  was  extreamly  remarkable  both  for  his 
outward,  and  inward  Endowments  ; his  Body 
being  as  handfome  as  his  Soul.  He  was  an  ex- 
pert Linguill,  underllanding  not  only  Greek 
and  Latine,  but  French  ana  Italian,  as  per- 
fectly as  his  Mother-tongue.  He  was  an  ex- 
cellent Orator,  and  yet  an  admirable  Poet,  a 
Quality  which  Cicero  with  all  his  pains  could 
not  attain  to.  Nor  was  Ariftotle  lefs  known 
to  him  than  Cicero  and  Virgil:  and  thofe  who 
heard  his  Metaphylical  LeCtures,  gave  him  the 
Preference  to  all  his  Predeceflors,  the  prefent 
Bilhop  of  Lincoln  excepted.  His  Sermons  were 
as  much  admired  as  his  other  Compofures,  and 
One  fitly  applied  to  our  Author,  that  Saying 
of  Ariftotle  concerning <V£fchron  the  Poet,  that 
He  could  not  tell  vchat  iFichron  could  not  do. 

In 


Dramatick  Poets.  , 5 j 

In  a word  he  was  of  fo  fweet  a difpofition, 
and  To  replete  with  all  Virtues,  that  he  was 
beloved  by  all  Learned  Men  that  knew  him, 
and  admired  by  all  Strangers : and  to  clofe  all 
with  the  Character  the  Reverend  and  Pious 
Dr.  Fell  (fometime  Bifhop  of  Oxford ) gave  of 
hnn,  Car thw  right  was  the  utmojl  Man  could 
come  to. 

To  fpeak  of  his  Poetry,  there  needs  no  other 
Character  of  it  in  general,  then  that  the  ableft 
Judge  of  Poetry  at  that  time , I mean  Ben 
JohnJ'on , faid  with  fome  Paflion,  My  Son  Carth- 
wright  writes  all  like  a dMan. 

He  writ  Four  Plays  befides  other  Poems, 
all  which  were  printed  together  in  oitavo, 
Lond.  ibyi.  accompanied  with  above  Fifty 
Copies  of  Verfes  writ  by  the  moft  eminent 
Wits  of  the  Univerlity,  every  One  being  de- 
firous  to  appear  in  the  Number  of  his  Friends, 
and  to  give  a publick  Teftimony  to  the  world 
of  the  Value  they  had  for  his  Memory. 

Ordinary , a Comedy ; I know  not  where  this 
Play  was  ailed,  but  I remember  part  of  the 
fecond  Scene  of  the  firft  Ait,  between  the  Wi- 
dow Tot-lucky  Slicery  and  Hear-fayy  is  tran- 
scrib'd by  the  Compofer  of  Wits  Interpreter , 
in  his  Love-Dialogues,  under  the  Title  of  the 
Old  Widow,  pag.  81. 

Lady  Erranty  a Tragi-Comedy,  of  which  I 
can  give  no  Account  where  ailed,  only  that  it 
is  elteem’d  by  fome  a good  Comedy. 

Royal  Slave y a Tragi-Comedy ; prefented  to 
thb  King  and  Queen  by  the  Students  of  Chrijl 
Church  in  Oxford \ dug.  30.  163  6.  Prefented 
D $ fince 


54  4n^ctWtPf  fa 

fince  to  both  The,j;|M;ajef]:ies  at  Hamp toH-Court 
by  the  King’s  Seryai^s.ij/this  Play  gave  fuch 
Content  to  Their  Majefties,  and  the  whole 
Court,  as  well  for.  thc’iiately  Scenes,  the  Rich- 
nefs  of  the  Terjian-Ti abits,  the  excellency  of 
the  Songs,  (which  were  let  by  that  admirable 
Compoler,  Mr.  Henry  Payees,  Servant  to  his 
Majelty  King  Charles  the  Fil'd:,  in  his  publick 
and  private  Mulick :)  for  the  noble  Stile  of 
the  Play  it  felf,and  thc'-readyAddrefs  and  grace- 
ful Carriage  of  the  Actors  ( amongfl  which 
Dr.  Busby,  the  famous  Mailer  of  hVeJhninJler 
School  approv’d  • himfelf  a fecond  jRo fetus) ; . 
that  they  unanimoully  acknowledged  that  it 
did  exceed  all  things  of  that  Nature  which 
they  had  ever  feen, J The  Queen  in  particular 
fo  much  admired  it,  that  m November  fol- 
lowing, Ihe  fent  for  the  .Habits  and  Scenes  to 
Hampton-Court : Ihe  being  defirous  to  fee  her 
own  Servants  reprefent.the  fame  Play,  (whole 
profedion  it  was)  that  Ihe  might  the  better 
■judge  of  the  feveral  Performances,  and  to 
whom  the  Preference  was  due.  The  Sentence 
was  univerfally  given  by  all  the  Spedlators  in  , 
favour  of  the  Gown:  tho’  nothing  was  want- 
ing on  Mr.  Carthwright' s lide,  to  inform  the 
Players  as  well  as  the  Scholars,  in  what  be- 
long’d to  the  Action  and  Delivery  of  each  Part; 

Siege,  or  Love's  Convert , a Tragi-Comedy ; 
where  acied  I know  not,  but  ’tis  dedicated  by 
the  Author  to  King  Charles  the  Firfl,  by  anE- 
piflle  in  Verfe.  The  Story  of  Mijander,  and 
Leucatia , is  founded  on  that  of  Taufanias  and 
Cleonke , in  Plutarch’s  Life  of  Cymon.  The 

In- 


D/amatick  Bvetsl  . 5 j 

jun£tion  which  the  Rich  Widow  Tyle  laid  upon 
her  Lovers  is  borrow’d  Jftffli  Ttoccace’s  Novels. 
Day  pth,  Nov.  1.  ' '<  '• 

Amongft  his  Poems,  there  are  feveral  con- 
cerning the  Dramatick  Poets  and  their  Wri- 
tings, which  mull:  not  be  forgot : as  thofe  two 
Copies  which  he  writ  on  Mr.  Thomas  Kille- 
grew  s Plays,  The  Tnjoner  , and  Chirac  ilia  ; 
Two  Copies  on  Fletcher , and  One  in  Memory 
of  Ben  JohnJ'on,  which.  are  fo  ; Excellent  that 
the  Pubfifher  oiMt.Carthwright's  Poems  fpeaks 
as  in  a Rapture  in  the  Preface  ; viz.  What  had 
‘Benfaid,  had  he  read; 'his  own  Eternity  in 
‘ that  lading  Elegy  given  him  by  our  Author. 

Befides  thefe  Poems,  o.ur  Author  has  extant 
other  Pieces  on  different  Subjects,  as  a Sermon, 
printed  Lond.  iOya.  and  a Book  Which  I never 
law,  but  is  mentioned  by  Mr.  JVood (e)  under 
this  Title  ; Dies  in  Menje  Novembri  maxime 
notabiles  Coroham  nempe  & familiam  regiam 
f petit ante's. ' Lond . 1 6 y 1 . 

’Tis  hot  poffible  for'  hie  in  this  place,  to  enu- 
merate all  the  Praifes  given  him  by  the  Learn- 
ed of  thofe  Times  in  which  he  liv’d : only 
give  me  leave  to  infer t part  of  one  Copy,  by 
which  the  Reader  may  judge  of  the  Reft.  The 
Lines  were  writ  by  John  Leigh  Efq;  to  the 
Stationer  (Mr.  Mofely)  on  his  printing  Mr, 
Carthwright's  Poems.  After  he  has  nam’d  all 
the  admirable  Poems,  fet  forth  by  the  afore- 
faid  Bookfeller ; with  the  juft  Commendation 
of  each  Author,  he  fays  thus  of  Mr.  Carth- 
veright  ; 

(2)  Ahliq.  Omienfi  pae.  zn&. 

D 4 But 


5 6 An  Account  of  the 

But  after  all  thou  bring  ft  up  in  the  Bear, 

One  that  fils  every  Eye , and  every  Ear, 
Carthwright,  rare  Carthwr*.  to whom  all niujt  . 
That  was  beji  Preacher. and be/1  Poet  too;  \_bawt 
IV hofe  Learned  Fancy  never  was  at  rejl. 

But  always  labouring  yet  labour'd  leajt : 

Hs  IV it's  Immortal , and Jhall  Honor  have, 

IV bile  there' s or  Slav iflo  Lord,  or  Royal  Slave. 

Robert  Chamberlain. 

A Gentleman  that  fiourifttt  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  theFird,  the  Author  of  a Play 
called  The  Swaggering  Damfel,  a Comedy  prin- 
ted in  quarto  Lond.16+0.  i know  not  whether 
this  Play  was  ever  a<ded,  but  ’tis  ulher’d  into 
the  world  by  Three  Copies  of  Verfes,  one  of 
which  was  writ  by  Mr.  Rawlins , in  requital  of 
a Copy  writ  by  our  Author,  in  praife  of  his 
Tragedy  called  The  Rebellion.  A Complement 
which  has  in  this  Age  been  pra&icea  by  Mr. 
Dry  den , to  Mr.  Lee's  Rival  Queens,  in  Return 
of  that,  pad  by  him,  on  Mr.  Dtydcn's  State  of 
Innocence. 

Mr.  Phillips , and  IVinJlanley  have  aferib’d 
to  our  Author  a Play  call’d  Sice  Hides,  which 
thcydileaPadoral,  tho’itisdid  nguifh’d  (by 
the  Anonymous  Author  ) by  the  Title  of  a 
Pijiatory,  the  Dramatis  Per  Jon w being  molt  of 
them  Fi  liter  men. 

William  Chamberlain. 

A Dorfet-fhire  Gentleman,  who  in  the  Reign 
of  King  Charles  the  Fil'd,  liy’d  at  Shaftsbury , z 

Mar- 


Vramatick  Poets.  57 

Market-town  of  fufficient  Note  for  giving  the 
Title  to  the  famous  Lord  Cooper,  firffc  Earl  of 
Shafts  bury.  Ho  writ  a flay  called  LovesViTlo- 
ry , a Tragi-Comedy  printed  in  quarto  Land. 
i6yB.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Worfhiptul 
Sr.  William  Tort-man . He  writ  this  Play  du- 
ring the  late  Troubles,  and  defign’d  to  have  it 
a£led,  but  the  Powers  then  in  being  having 
fupprehed  the  Stage;  he  contented  himfelf 
with  Printing  it : tho’  it  has  fince  appeared, 
(at  leaft  a great  part  of  it)  upon  the  Stage  in. 
2678.  under  the  Title  of  Wits  ledby  the  NoJ'e , 
or  4 Poet's  Revenge. 

This  Author  writ  befides,  an  Heroick  Poem 
called  Tharonnida , in  Five  Books,  printed  in 
©ftavo  Lond.  1 <5yp.  and  dedicated  lilcewife  to 
Sr.  William  Tort  man.  This  Poem  tho*  it  hath 
nothing  extraordinary  to  recommend  it,  yet 
appear’d  abroad  in  Profe  1683.  under  the  Ti- 
tle of  a Novel  called  Eromena , or  The  Noble 
Stranger. 

George  Chapman. 

A Gentleman  of  no  mean  Repute  for  his  Po- 
etical Writings  and  Verfions, among#  the  Wits 
of  the  Age  wherein  he  liv’d,  to  wit,  in  the  la- 
ter part  of  the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth > and 
that  of  King  James.  I can  give  him  no  greater 
Commendation,  than  that  he  was  fo  intimate 
with  the  famous  Johnfon , as  to  engage  in  a 
Triumvirate  with  Him,  and  Marjhn  in  a Play 
called  Eajl ward- Hoe : a Favour  which  the 
haughty  lien  could  feldome  be  perfwaded  to. 
X might  add  to  this,  that  he  was  fo  much  va- 
lued 


5 8 An  Account  of  the 

Iwed  in  his 'time,  by  the  Gentlemen  of  the 
'MiddleAemple  and  Lincolns -Inn,  that  when 
thofe  two  Honourable  Societies  agreed  to  Pre- 
lent  Their  Majefties  with  a Mafque  at  White:- 
ball , oil  th£  joyful  Occafion  of  the  Marriage  be- 
tween the  Princeft  Elizabeth , only  Daughter 
to  King  Jaines  the  Firft,  and  Frederick  the 
Fifth  of  that  Name,  Count  Talatme  of  the 
Rhine,  and  afterwards  King  'of  Bohemia:  they 
chofe  Mr.  Chapman  for  their  Poet,  to  IriitLant 
gnage  t6  the  Occafion,  and  Mr  .Inigo ’Jones  for 
their  Ingineer,  to'  order  the  Machines,  and 
Decoration  of  the  Scenes. 

He  has  writ  many  Dramatick  Pieces,  to -the 
number  of  Eighteen : befides  feveral  other 
Poems  and  Tranflations : of  all  which  his  Tra- 
gedy o { Buj]y  d Amboife  has  the  Preference^ 
I know  not  how  Mr.  Dry  den  (h)  came  to  be  fb 
pofleft  with  Indignation  againft  this  Play,  as 
to  refolve  to  burn  One  annually  to  the  Me- 
mory of  Ben  Johnfon:  but  I know  very  well 
that  there  are.  feme  who  allow  it  a juft  Com- 
mendation ; and  others  (*)  thatlince  have  ta- 
ken the  liberty  to  promife  a folemn  annual  Sa- 
crifice of  The  Hind  and  R anther,  to  the  Me- 
mory of  Mr.  Quarles,  and  John  Bunyan ; fo 
that  fhould  this  laft  Humour  continue,  The 
Hind  and T anther  would  grow  as  fcarce,  as  this 
Old  Tragedy  is  at  preferit.  But  I leave  this 
Digreffion  to  give  the  Reader  an  ■ Account  of 
his  Plays  in  order. 

All  Took,  a-  Comedy  prefented  at  the  Black - 

(a)  Ptef.  to  Spanish  Fri.tr.  (i)  Pref.  to  Reuftns  for  Buys 
Changing  his  Religion. 

friars,, 


Dramatick  Poets,  5 9 

friars , and  afterwards  before  his  Majcfly  King 
James  the  Firfl,  in  the  Begining  ofhis  Reign : 
and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  idcy.  This  was 
in  thofe  days  accounted  aivExcellent  Comedy, 
and  will  Itill  bear  Reading  : it  feenis  to  be 
built  in  part  upon  the  lame  Fabrick  with  7V- 
rence’s  Heautontimorumenos , as  thofe  who  will 
compare  the  Characters  of  the  two  Fathers 
Gojtanzo , and  Mar.  Antonio , with  Chremes , and 
Menedemus  ; and  their  Sons  Valerio , Portunioy 
and  jRynaldo,  with  C'linia , Antipho , and  Syrusy 
may  eafily  perceive.  The  Prologue  and  E- 
pilogue  ( writ  in  Blank  Verfe)  Ihew  that 
in  thole  days,  Perfons  of  Quality,  and  thole 
that  thought  themfelves  Judges  of  Wit, 'in- 
Read  of  fitting  in  Boxes,  as  now  in  ufe,  lat  on 
the  Stage : what  influence  thofe  Sparks  had  on 
the  meaner  Auditors,  maybe  feen  by  the  fol- 
lowing Lines;  (k) 

Great  are  the  Gifts  given  to  united  Heads ; , 
To  Gifts , Attire,  to  fair  Attire  the  Stage 
Helps  much  ; for  if  our  other  Audience fee 
Tou  on  the  Stage  depart  before  we  end , 
OurlVitsgo  with  you  attend  we  are  Fools ;&c 

Alphonfus  Emperor  of  Germany , a Tragedy, 
very  often  a<Red  (with  great  Applaufe)  at  the 
Private-houle  in  Black-friars , by  the  Servants 
to  King  Charles  the  FirR  ; printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  16^4.  This  Play,  tho’  it  bear  the  Name 
of  Alphonfus , was  writ  (as  I fuppofe)  in  Honor 
of  the  Englifh  Nation,  in  the  Perfon  of  Richard 
Earl  of  Cornwal, Son  to  King  John, and  Brother 

(k)  Prologue  to  the  Play. 


to 


6o  An  Account  of  the 

*o  King  Henry  the  Third.  He  was  chofen  King 
of  the  Romans  in  125-7.  and  Crown’d  at  Aix 
the  Seventeenth  day  of  May,  being  Afcenfion 
day.  About  this  time  Alphonfus  the  Tenth 
King  of  Cajiiky  (the  fubjedlof  this  Tragedy) 
was  chofen  by  other  Electors.  Tho’  this  King 
was  accounted  by  fome  a Pious  Prince,  yet  our 
Author  reprefents  his  as  a Bloody  Tyrant,  and 
contrary  toother  Hiftorians  brings  him  to  an 
unfortunate  End,  he  fuppofing  him  to  be  kill’d 
by  Alexander , Son  to  Lorenzo  de  Cipres  his  Se- 
cretary: in  revenge  of  his  Father,  who  was 
poyfon’d  by  him : and  to  compleat  his  Revenge 
ne  makes  him  firft  deny  his  Saviour  in  hopes 
of  Life,  and  then  flabs  him,  glorying  that  he 
had  at  once  deflroyed  both  Body  and  Soul. 
This  Paflage  is  related  in  feveral  Authors,  as 
Bolton’s  four  lajl  Things , Reynolds  of  the  Tafjl- 
ons , Clark’s  Examples  ftfznlty's  Hiftory  of  Man. 
For  the  true  Story  confult  Mariana  de  Reb. 
Hifp.  Lib.  1 1 . C.  1 o.  &c.  Louts  de  May  erne  Tur~ 
qtiet.  Hisl.Generale  dEfpagne  Lib.i  2.  Bzovius 
An.  1257,  &c- 

Blind  Beggar  of  Alexandria,  a Comedy,  moll 
pleafantly  difeourfing  his  variable  Humours 
m dilguifed  fhapes  full  of  Conceit  and  Pleafure: 
fundry  times  publickly  Adled  in  London , by 
the  Right  Honourable  the  Earl  of  Notinghamy 
Lord  High  Admiral  his  Servants,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  15-98.  This  Play  is  neither  di- 
vided into  Adis  nor  Scenes. 

Buffy  d' Amboi[ey  a Tragedy  often  presented 
at  Rauls , m the  Reign  of  King  James  the  Firft: 
and  fhice  the  Reftauration  of  King  Charles  the 

Sg, 


Dramatic!:  Poets . 6 1 

Second  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal  with  good 
Applaufe.  For  the  Plot  lee  Thuanus , Jean 
' *De  Serves , and  TMezeray,  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Henry  the  Third  of  France.  The  In- 
trigue between  BuJJy  and  Tamyr a is  related  by 
Roffet  in  his  Hijtoires  7 ragiquesde  nitre  temps^ 
under  the  feign’d  Names  of  Lyfis  fy  Si/vie. 
Hiji.  17.  pag.  363. 

Bufly  d'Timboife , his  Revenge,  a Tragedy, 
often  prefented  at  the  Private-houfe  in  the 
tVhite- Friars,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  idi  3^ 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Virtuous  andTruly 
Noble  Knight,  Sr.  Thomas  Hoveard.  This  Play 
is  far  Ihort  in  value  to  the  former,  and  was 
not  received  on  the  Stage  with  that  univerfal 
Applaufe,  Neither  is  it  fo  ftriilly  founded  on 
Truth  as  the  other : tho’  the  Author  (!)  calls 
4 them  poor  Envious  Souls  that  cavil  at  T ruth’s 
c want  in  thcfe  natural  Fictions  : Material  In- 
< llrudion,  elegant  and  fcntentious  excitation 

* to  Virtue,  and  definition  from  her  contrary^ 

* being  the  Soul,  limbs,  and  limits  of  an  Au- 

* thentical  Tragedy. 

Confpiracy  and  Tragedy  of  Charles  Duke  of 
Byron  Marfhal  of  France , in  two  Plays,  ailed 
at  the  Black-friars  in  the  Reign  of  King  James 
the  Firft,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1608.  and 
Dedicated  to  his  Honourable  and  conflant 
F riend  Si. Thomas  JVatfingham , and  to  his  much 
Loved  from  his  Birth,  the  right  Toward  and 
Worthy  Gentleman  his  Son,  Thomas  tValfing- 
ham  Efq;  This  Play  is  founded  on  Hiftory  in 
the  Reign  of  Henry  IV.  of  France  : and  many 
0)  Epiftle  Ucd, eatery. 


are 


6 2 An  Account  of  the 

are  the  Authors  that  .have  mention’d  theMar- 
fhal’s  Story.  See  ‘Davila's  Civil  Wars  of  France , 
CMontluc’s  Memoires , cMezeray’  s Chron.  “Pierre 
Mat  blew’ s Con  tin.  of De  Serns,  Thuanus , An- 
J'clmus  Gemblacenfis,  Scipion  Dupleix,  P.Ma- 
jthiew,  See.  ■ 

Ctcfar  and  Pompey , a Roman  Tragedy  de- 
claring their  Wars,  out  of  whole  Events  is 
evicted  this  Propolition,  Only  a Jufi  Man  is  a 
Freeman , printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1631.  and 
Dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable^  his  ex- 
ceeding good  Lord,  the  Earl  of  Middlefex.  I 
cannot  pafs  by  that  our  Author  has  here  laid 
down  the  lame  Rule  with  Father  Le  Boffu,x\i& 
Learned  regular  Canon  of  St.  Genevieve , (m) 
That  the  Moral  ought  to  be  the.  foundation  of 
a Play:  Inllru£tion , being  the  chief  delign  of  a 
Poet.  As  he  fays ; La  premiere  chcj'e  par  ok  l’ on 
doit  comment  er  pour  fair  une  Fable , eft  de  c hoi  fir 
l Inflruftion  fy  le  point  de  Morale,  qui  luy  doit 
fervir  de  fond. \ felon  le  defiein  la  fin  que  Ion  J'e 

propofe.  This  is,  that  Pallage  which  Mr.  Dry- 
den  hints  at  inhis  Grounds  of  Criticifm  in  Tra- 
gedy (n)  and  tho’  he  takes  the  French  for  his 
Guide,  I believe  there  have  not  been  wanting 
thofeof  our  own  Countrymen,  who  have  been 
able  to  decide  all  Controverlies  in  Dramatick 
Poetry,  as  well  as  Strangers.  Many  Authors 
have  treated  <pn  this  Story  : See  Suetonius’ % Life 
of  Julius  Cxfar.  Plutarch’s  Lives  ol  Pompey , 
Calfar,  and  Cato,  Velleius  Paterculus , Floras, 
Dion , and  Lucan , who  by  fome  is  rather 

(w)  Trane  du  Poeme  Epic^e,  lib.  I.  cap. 7.  (n)  Pref.  to 

Troitm  and  CreJJida. 


Dramatic k Poets.  6 $ 

accounted  an  Hiflonan  . than  a Poet. 

Gentleman  Ujher , a Comedy  printed  in  quar- 
to.'lpnd.  i6o<5.  I know  not  whether  ever-this 
Play  was  a£ted,  but  1 have  heard  it  cotm mend- 
ed by  feme,  • for  a good  Comedy,'  though  if  I 
may  prefume  to  give  my  Opinion,  ’tis  but 
indifferent.  . 0'\,  - > 

Humourous  days  Mir  thy  a Comedy  printed 
as  lam  told  in  quarto,  and  a paflable  Play.: 
but  this  I mull  leave  to  thofe  who  have  read.it. 

Mafque  of  the .T wo  Honourable  Houles  or 
Inns  of  Court;  xhg.' Middle -Temple  and  Lincolns 
Inn : Perform’d -before  the  Kihg/at  White-had^ 
on.Shrove-xnonday  at.  Night,  beMgbhe  fifteenth 
of  February  1 6 i 3.  ’ at,  the  Princely  Celebration 
of  the  Moll  Royal  Nuptials  of  the  Paljgravey 
and  his. thrice  Gracious  Princefs  Eliszabethylkc* 
With  a delcription  of  their  whole-  Shew  ; in 
the  manner  of  their  March  on  Horlc-back  to 
the  Court  from  the  Majler  of  the  Polls  his 
Houle:  with  alP  their  Right  Noble  Confer ts, 
and  fhewful  Attendants.  Invented;  and  Fa- 
Ihion’d,  with  the  ground  and  Ipecial  flruflure 
of  the  whole  WQrk  by.'our  Kingdoms  moll  Art- 
full  and  Ingenious  At chiteil  Inigo  f ones.  Sup- 
plied, applied,  digested,  and  written  by  George 
Chapmany  printed  in  quarto  iond  1614.  and 
dedicated  to  the  moll  Noble  and  conflant  Com- 
biner of  Honor  and  Virtue,  Sr .EdihardEhillipSy 
Majier  of  the  Rolls:  At  the  end ’of  theMafque 
is  printed  an  Epithalamiwn  called  a Hymns 
t© Hymen  for  the  mbit  time-fitted  Nuptials  of 
our  Thrice  'Gracious,  Princefs  [Elizabeth,  &c, 
I leave  it  to  their  Judgments  who  haye  perus’d 


64  An  Account  of  the 

this  Piece,  to  determine  whether  it  anfwer  the 
fwelling  Title-page,  or  whether  the  Authors 
Defence  before  the  Mafque,  be  juflandfolid. 

May-day,  a Witty  Comedy,  divers  times 
ailed  at  the  Black  fr tars  ; and  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1 81 1. 

Monjieur  d' Olive,  a Comedy  fundry  times 
ailed  by  her  Majeflies  Children  at  the  Black 
Friars , printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1606. 

Revenge  for  Honor , a Tragedy  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  163-4  This  Play  I have  feen 
ailed  many  years  ago  at  the  Nurj'ery  in  barbican. 

Temple , a Mafque  which  I never  faw. 

Two  IViJe  Men , and  all  the  reft  Fools , or  a 
Comical  Moral,  cenlunng  the  Follies  of  that 
Age,  divers  times  ailed,  and  primed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1619.  The  Prologue  and  Epilogue  to 
this  Play  are  writ  in  Profe,  which  was  prailic’d 
formerly  by  feveral  of  the  Poets,  as  IVilliam 
Lilly , in  his  Court  Comedies,  and  others.  But 
there  is  One  thing  in  this  Play,  far  more  re- 
markable ; that  it  is  extended  to  Seven  Ails : 
a thing  which  I never  faw  in  any  other,  either 
in  our  own,  or  Foreign  Languages,  and  which 
is  direitly  contrary  to  that  Rule  of  Horace  (~) 

Neve  minor,  neu  jit  quint 0.  produftior  aft ti 
Fahula , qua;  pofei  vult  jy  Jp  eft  at  a reponi. 

But  I fuppofe  this  might  rather  be  the  Prin- 
ter’s Ignorance,  than  the  Poets  Intention ; for 
certainly  Mr.  Chapman  better  underflood  the 
Rules  of  theDramma:  tho’ I am  led  only  by 

Tradition  to  believe  this  Play  to  be  his;  lince 

• • '-  < 1 ■■■  

(oj  Ut  At  It  P«e lieu, 

rt  is 


Dramatick  Poets.  6 5 

’tis  publifhed  without  any  mention  of  the  Au- 
thor, or  the  Place  where ’t was  printed. 

IVi dow  s Tears,  a Comedy  often  prefented 
in  the  Black  and  JVbite  Friars : printed  in 
quarto  Lond,  i6iz.  and  dedicated  to  the  right 
Virtuous  and  truly  Noble  Gentleman  John  Reed 
of  Mitten , in  the  County  of  Gloucejler , Efq. 
The  Plot  of  Lyf under  and  Cynthia  is  borrow’d 
from  Tetronius  /. Irbyters  -Satyr icon,  being  die 
Story  of  the  Matron  of  Ephefus  related  by 
Eumolpus : a Story  fince  handled  by  feveral 
other  Pens,  as  Janus  Doufa  the  Father,  in  his 
Notes  on  this  Story,  , and  Gabbema  in  the  lad 
Edition  of  Tetronius : who  obferve,  That  it 
•was  tranflated  into  Latine  Verfe  by  Romulus , 
an  Antique  Gramarian;  that  it  was  tranflated 
from  the  German  Language  into  Latine : and 
into  French  Rhime  by  Hebertns.  We  have  it 
not  only  in  the  Seven  Wife  Maftcrs,  a Book 
vulgarly  known,  and  which,  if  I may  believe 
my  Author,  is  a tranflation  of  Mod/us,  who 
new  modell’d  the  Story,  and  publifht  his  Ver- 
iion  under  this  Title  Ludus  Jeptem  Sapientum , 
de  Aftrei  regii  adolefcentis , educatione , periculis, 
&c.  But  alfo  I have  read  the  fame  Story  with 
little  alteration  in  the  Cento  Move  He  Antiche  di 
Carlo  Gualteruzzi , Nov.  fi.  We  have  it  like- 
wife  much  improv’d, with  a Philofophical  Com- 
ment upon  it,  by  a Countryman  of  our  own, 
under  the  Title  of  the  Ephejian  Matron , prin- 
ted ino&avo  Lond.  i<5<58.  and  others. 

Thefc  are  all  the  Plays  which  I know  of, 
that  are  publifht  under  our  Authors  name,  ex- 
cept a Play  which  I have  already  mention’d, tvs. 

E EajU 


46  An  Account  of  the 

Eajiward-Hoe,  a Comedy  play’d  in  the  Black 
Friars, by  the  Children  of  her  Majefties  Revels: 
made  by  George  Chapman,  Ben  Johnfon^nA  John 
Marjlon,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  idoy.  This 
Play  was  writ  fhortly  after  Pecker's  JVefiycard 
Hoe  as  you  may  fee  by  the  Prologue  which  is 
writ  in  Blank  Verfe.  The  Play  it  felf  hath 
lately  appear’d  on  the  prefent  Stage,  being  re- 
viv’d by  Mr*  Fate  under  the  Title  of  Cuckold s 

H«wn.  J 

Mr.  ThiUips,  I know  not  why,  has  omitted 
half  this  Authors  Plays*  as  you  may  fee  in  his 
Account  of  the  GModernToets , p.  si- 

Having  given  an  Account  of  his  Plays,  I am 
now  to  lpeakof  his  other  Works,  which  were 
not  in  thofe  days  accounted  lefs  eminent : par- 
ticularly his  Verfiom  of  all  Homer's  Works ; 
viz.  His  I Iliads,  Odyjfcs , and  what  he  calls  The 
Craven  of  ad  his  JVovks,  his  Batracomyomachia, 
or  The  Battle  of  Frogs  and  Mice , together  with 
his  Hymns  and  Epigram^  If  it  be  urg’d  by 
fome  that  he  has  been  fince  out-done  by  Mr. 
Ogleby  in  the  Two  former,  it  is  chiefly  to  be 
af  cub'd  to  the  ill  choice  of  his  meafure  of  Verfe, 
and  the  obfolete  Expreflions  in  ufe  in  his  time, 
and  belides  T ranflation  was  then,  as  I may  fay, 
in  its  - Infancy.  However  I think  Mr.  Ogleby 
himfelf  has  lince  been  as  far  exceeded  by  the 
exa£t  and  curious  Pen  of  Mr.  Hobbs:  and  for 
for  his  Minor  Toems , they  have  never  been  at- 
tempted by  any  other  Pen  that  I know  of.  To 
thefe  I muff  add  his  Tranflation  of  Hefiod ; 
his  finifhing  Mufeushis  Erotopagnion,  or  The 
Loves  of  Hero  and  Le under , a Piece  begun  by 

Chru 


tyrant  at  ick  Poets.  67 

Chrijlopher  Mafhe ; his  Andromeda  liberata  with 
a Vindication  of  the  fame  ; all  which  fpcak 
his  Induftry  at  lead,  if  not  his  Ingenuity : and 
how  flight  an  Opinion  foever  this  Age  may 
entertain  of  his  Tranflations,  I find  the’m 
highly  extoll’d  in  an  Old  Copy  call’d  aCenfure 
of  the  Poets:  which  having  Ipoke  of  the  Emi- 
nent' Dramatick  Poets^  as  ShakeJ'pear}  fohnfon , 
Daniel,  &c.  it  adds  of  Tranflators  as  fallows, 
placing  our  Author  in  the  firft  Rank. 

Others  again  there  lived  in  my  days. 

That  have  of  us  dej'erved  tio  lefs  Praife 
For  their  Tranflations , than  the  daintiejl  JVity 
Thai  on  Parnafliis  thinks  he  high  doth  fit) 

And  for  a Chun  may  ' mongfi  the  Mufes  calf 
As  the  moft  curious  dfflaker  of  them  all ; 

Firjl  reverend  Chapman,  who  hath  brought  tons 
Mufleus,  Homer,  and  Hefiodus, 

Out  of  the  Greek  ; and  by  his  skill  hath  rear'd 
Them  to  that  height ynd  to  our  tongue  indear' d7 
That  were  thofe  Poets  at  this  day  alive  ; 

To  fee  their  Books,  that  with  us  thus  jurvive  ; 
They'd  think , having  negleSted them  fo  long. 
They  had  been  written  in  the  Englifo  Tongue. 

Sir  Alton  Cokain. 

A Gentleman  that  in  the  Reign  of  K.  Charles 
the  Second,  liv’d  at  Afhbourn,  a Market-town 
in  Darby  fhire, ( fi tu ate  between  the  River  Dove 
and.  Compton).  He  was  of  an  Ancient  Family, 
as  Mr.  Cambden  oblerves  in  the  Entrance  ox 
his  Defcription  of  Darby  fkire.  Nay  further 
Mr  .John  Cokain  of  Rufhton  (our  Authors  Kinf- 
E 2.  man 


68  An  Account  of  the 

man  and  Coufin-Gertnan  to  the  Lord  Obrian 
Cokain,  Vifcount  Cullen  in  Ireland ) had  an  An- 
cient Evidence  to  prove  that  Sr. Cokain 

their  Predeceflor  was  anciently  allyed  to  King 
William  the  Conqueror,  and.  in  thofe  days 
lived  at  Hemmingbam-Caftlc  in  EJfex.  (p)  But 
whether  our  Author  fetchthis  Pedigree  from 
fo  Ancient  a Stock  or  no ; certain  it  is,  that  he 
was  well  defccnded,  and  had  a Liberal  Edu- 
cation bellowed  on  him,  being  in  his  youth 
bred  in  Trinity  College,  in  Cambridge , and  when 
he  was  about  Four  and  Twenty  years  of  Age, 
he  was  fent  to  make  a Journey  through  France 
and  Italy , which  he  compleated  in  a Twelve- 
months Ipace,  An.  1631.  an  Account  of  which 
he  has  writ  to  his  Son  (<i).  He  was  very  much 
addicted  to  Books,  and  the  lludy  of  Poetry ; 
fpejiding  moll  of  his  time  in  the  Mufes  com- 
pany. Amongll  his  other  Poetical  Producti- 
ons, he  has  written  Three  Plays,  and  a Mafque 
which  are  in  print ; of  which  take  the  follow- 
ing Account. 

Mafque  prelented  at  Bretbie  in  Darby-fire, 
on  Twelfth-Night  1639.  This  Entertainment 
has  hitherto  been  omitted  in  all  former  Cata- 
logues, as  I fuppole  through  an  Over-fight,  it 
being  but  Ihort,  and  printed  in  the  body  of  the 
Author’s  Poems,  ( r ) amongll  others  of  a differ- 
ent Nature.  It  was  prefented,  (as  I find  upon 
perufal  of  it)  before  the  Right  Honourable 
I biUf  the  firfl  Earl  of  Cbejlerfield , and  his 
Countefs,  Two  of  their  Sons  a&ing  in  it.  The 
diverlion  terminated  in  a Ball. 

(p)  See  CoKain'i  Epigramj,  /.  2,  Ep.  7.  (a)  See  his  P 
P'9i‘  (•)  See  PH.  118,  ' Ob- 


Dramattck  Poets.  6g 

Objlinate  Lady , a Comedy  printed  in  o&avo, 
Lond.  i6y8.  This  Play,  with  othei1  Poems 
were  left  in  the  Cuftodyof  a Friend,  at  the 
Author’s  Removal  from  London , who  dying, 
they  were  difperfl  into  feveral  Hands.  One  Mr. 
William  Godbid \ (a  BookfeJler  as  I fuppofe)  got 
this  Play  into  his  Hands,  and  tho’  he  found  it 
imperfeit,  the  laft  Leaf  being  wanting,  where- 
in were  the  Authors  Concluhon  and  Epilogue : 
he  procured  fome  of  his  Acquaintance  to  fup- 
ply  that  defeat,  and  lb  printed  it.  And  tho’ 
this  Comedy  were  very  much  of  it  writ  in 
Number  (as  the  Author  calls  it)  he  put  it 
forth  as  if  the  moll  part  of  it  were  Proie.  In 
this  Edition  you  have  that  defedl  much  amend- 
ed, and  the  Authors  own  Conclufion,  and  Epi- 
logue added.  Sr.  Aftons  Objlinate  Lady , feems 
to  be  Coufin-German  to  MaJJinger's  ery  Wo- 
man ; as  they  that  will  compare  Don  John,  An- 
tonio , and  Almira , with  Carionil  and  Luc  or  a in 
this  Play,  may  eafily  perceive. 

Ovid’s  Tragedy , printed  ino&avo  L0nd.-16.69. 
This  Play  was  printed  fince  the  reft  of  his 
Works,  tho  ’tis  frequently  bound  with  them. 
I know  not  why  the  Author  gave  this  Play  the 
Title  oi  Ovid’s  Tragedy , except  that  he  lays  the 
Scene  in  Tomos,  and  brings  him  to  fall  down 
dead  with  grief  at  the  News  he  received  from 
Lome,  in  light  of  the  Audience:  otherwife 
he  has  not  much  bufinefs  on  the  Stage,  and  the 
Play  ought  rather  to  have  taken  the  Name  from 
B ajj’anes  Jealoufy,  and  the  difmal  effects- there- 
of, the  murther  of  his  new  Bride  Clorina , and 
his  Friend  Tyrontus.  But  this  is  an  Error 
E 1 which 


70  An  Account  of  the 

which  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  have  heretofore 
committed,  (as  Mr.  Rimer  (f)  has  obferv’d.)  in 
the  King  and  no  King,  and  therefore  the  more 
ex cu fa-trie  in  our  Author.  The  paflage  of  Cap- 
tain  Hannibal's  inviting  the  dead  Carcafs  of 
Helvidius  to  Supper,  is  poflibly  borrow’d  from 
the  Italian  Play  called  II  /liheijio  pithnmato, 
to  which  Language  our  Author  was  no  Stran- 
ger ; and  on  which  Foundation  the  Cataltrophe 
of  the.  Libertine ’-h  built. 

Trapohn  creduto  \ Principe , or  Trapolinfuppos'd 
a Prince , an  Italian  Tragi-comedy,  printed  in 
octavo  Lend.  i6$8.  The  Defign  of  this  Play, 
the  Author  borrow’d  from  One  which  he  faw, 
or  rather  heard,  twice  A£tcd  in  Venice  during 
his  abode  in  that  City;  finee  he  built  this  on 
that  Foundation : So  that  as  he  pleads  in  his 
Prologue  itis'no  Tranflation.  This  Play  was 
reviv’d  on  our  Stage  fince  the  King’s  Return, 
and  a new  Prologue  writ  by  Duffet , printed  in 
his  Poems pag.  8a.  and  has  fince  that,  been  al- 
ter’d by  Mr.  ‘Tate,  and  a£ted  at  the  Theatre  in 
Tier  Jet- Garden  1 6 8y .’ 

Mr.  ‘Philips  ( c ) and  Mr.  fVinftanfey  (“)  have 
committed  millakes  in  this  Author,  having 
omitted  the  Tragedy  of  Ovid,  and  plac’d  two 
anonymous  Plays  to  him,  which  I dare  be  confi- 
dent are  none  of  his  ; viz.  Therfites,  and  Ty- 
rqmcal  Government.  All  his  Poems  being  col- 
lected, and  publilht  together,  in  oftavo  Lond. 
-1669,  by  Mr.  Kir  km  an,  who  knew  Plays  far 
better  than  either  of  thefe  Authors. 


(Q  Pag-  57*  (t)Pag.  i|.  (0)  Pag.j(<j. 


Dramatick  Poets.  . 71 

Having  given  you  this  Account  of  his  Plays, 
I am  next  to  fpeak  of  his  other  Poems,  and 
Pieces,  butfince  the  Author  has  reckon’d  then* 
up  in  Verfe,  in  an  Epigram  (*)  directed  to  his 
Honoured  Friend,  Major  William  IV arner,  I 
{hall  tranfcribe  his  own  Lines,  which  may  in- 
form the  Reader  of  his  Stile,  as  well  as  his 
Poems. 

Plays,  Eclogues , Songs , a Satyr  I have  verity 
A Remedy  for  thofe  i’th  amorous  Fit, 

Love  Elegies , and  Funeral  Elegies, 

Letters  of  things  of  divers  Qualities, 
EncomiaBick  Lines  to  Works  of  fame, 
AUMafque,  and  an  Epithalamium, 

Two  Books  of  Epigrams:  All  which  I mean 
Shall  [in  this  Volume)  come  upon  the  Scene  ; 
Some  cDivine  Poems , which  when  firji  I came 
To  Cambridge  I writ  there , I need  not  name; 
O/’Dianfca,  (Y)  neither  tiiy  Tranflation, 
Omitted  here  as  of  another  Fajhion. 

For  Heavens  fake  name  no  more  you fay , / 
cloy'  you, 

Ido  obey  you;  Therefore  {Friend)  Godb'wy you. 

Edward  Cook  Efq; 

A Gentleman  of  whom  I can  give  no  other 
account,  than  that  he  has  publifht  a Play  call’d 
Love's  Triumph,  or  The  Royal  Union,  a Tragedy 
in  Heroick  Verfe,  never  a&ed,  but  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  i6nS.  and  dedicated  to  her  High- 
nefs,  the  Mofl  Illuftrious  MAR  T Princefs  of 

(*)  Epigr.  L.  1.  Ep.  124.  (y)  A Romance  Translated  from 
the  Italian  of  Giovumi  Fruorijco  Lovedaao, 

E 4 Orange. 


7 2 , An  Account  of  the 

Orange.  This  Play  is  founded  on  CaJJandra , 
a fam'd  Romance,  as  you  will  find  by  reading 
Part  j-th,  Book  4th,  to  the  End. 

John  Cook. 

The  Author  of  a Play  call’d  Green's  Tu^tp- 

fue,  a Comedy  printed  in  quarto  JLond. - 

1 cannot  tell  the  Date,  or  the  Place  where  ’twas 
firft  afted,  the  Title-page  of  my  Copy  being 
loft,  tho’  I fuppofe  at  the  Red-Bull,  by  a Pal- 
fage  in  the  Play  ;>  but  I can  inform  the  Reader, 
that  it  is  commended  by  Thomas  Heywood^ho 

* purpofely  writ  an  Epiftle  to  gratulate  (as  he 
1 fays)  the  Love  and  Memory  of  his  Worthy 
‘ Friend  the  Author,  and  his  intirely  beloved 
‘ Friend  the  Actor.  He  fays  further,  That  it 

* paft  the  Teft  of  the  Stage  with  general  Ap- 
‘plaufe:  And  I have  feen  it  afted  fince  the 
King’s  Return,  at  the  Play-houfe  (as  I think) 
in  little  JJncolns -Inn- Fields  with  good  fuccefs : 
tho’  the  printed  Copy  be  not  divided  into  Aft?. 
The  Plot  of  Spend-alls  gaining  the  Widow 
Rayshy,  has  a near  refemblance  with  that  of 
JViU.  Small Jhan  is  and  Widow  Tajfety : tho’ 
J think  the  Defign  is  better  wrought  up  in  this 
Play,  becaufe  the  Widow  by  a Counter-plot 
frees  her  felf  from  Spend- aU,  and  after  having 
made  a Tryal  of  the  Sincerity  of  his  Love, con- 
ferns  of  her  own  accord  to  Marry  him. 

This  Play  had  its  Title  given  it  by  the  Au* 
/thor,  in  refpeft  of  the  admirable  Comedian, 
Thomas  Green,  who  afted  the  part  of  Bubble , 
whofc  univerfal  Repartee  to  all  Complement 

is 


Dr  am  stick  Poets.  7$ 

is  Tu  Quoque ; Mr.  Heywood  (l)  gives  him  this 
Character,  ‘ That  there  was  not  an  ACtor  of 
‘his  Nature  in  his  Time  of  better  ability  in 
4 performance  of  what  he  undertook,  more  ap- 
‘ plauded  by  the  Audience,  of  greater  Grace  at 
‘ the  Court, or  of  more  general  Love  in  theCity. 

At  the  Entrance  of  this  Play  is  a Difticlc, 
which  Mr.  IVinftanley  applies  to  Mr.  Robert 
Green , (of  whom  I {hall  give  an  account  in  his 
proper  place : ) tho’  had  he  put  on  his  Specta- 
cles he  would  have  found  it  printed  thus ; 

Upon  the  Death  of  Thomas  Green. 

How  f aft  bleak^Autumn  change th  Flora’s  dye9 
lVhatyefterday  was  (Green)  now’s  fear  and  dry. 

IF.  R. 

John  Corey. 

A Gentleman  who  is  pleas’d  to  ftile  himlelf 
the  Author  of  a Play  call’d  The  Generous  Ene- 
mies, or  The  Ridiculous  Lovers , a Comedy  aCted 
at  the  Theatre-Royal  by  his  Majefties  Servants, 
and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  167a.  Tho’ he 
has  fo  little  {hare  in  it ; that  we  may  juftly  fay 
of  him,  as  Appolodorus  the  Athenian  faid  of  the 
Books  of  Chryfippus : If  a Man  fhould  extra# 
the  things  which  he  hath  borrow’d  from 
others,  the  Paper  would  be  left  blank.  To 
prove  this  I am  to  acquaint  the  Reader,  that 
this  Play,  like  a Botcher’s  Culhion  is  made  out 
of  feveral  Pieces  ; he  having  ftollen  from  Four 
Eminent  Poets;  Fletcher , and  Randolph;  Th. 
Corneille , and  Quinault.  The  chid  Defign  of (*) 

(*)  Epiftlc  to  the  Reader. 


the 


74  An  Account  of  the 

the  Play,  that  of  the  Generous  Enemies , is  bor- 
row’d from  Qumault's  La  Genereufe  Ingrati- 
tude, as  will  be  evident  to  thofe  who  will 
compare  the  Characters  of  Don  Alvarez,  and 
Signior  Flaminio , with  thofe  of  the  French 
legry  and  Abencerage;  Semena  in  Difguifc  under 
the  Name  of  Lif under,  with  lelinda  under  the 
Name  of  Ormin,&.c.  For  the  Ridiculous  Lo- 
vers ; ’tis  chiefly  borrow’d  from  a Comedy  of 
Ih.  Corneille's  call’d  D.  Bertran  de  Cigarral  y 
which  Play  is  founded  on  a Spanifh  Comedy 
written  by  D.  FranciJ'co  de  Roxas,  and  filled, 
Entre  bohos  anda  el  juegor  The  Quarrel  be- 
tween Bertran  and  Rabat  zy  in  the  fifth  A£t,  is 
ftollen  verbatim  from  Love's  Pilgrimage,  Aft  2. 
Sc,  £.  5fed  A6t  3.  Sc.  3.  The  teliy  Humour  of 
Bertran  to  his  Servants  in  the  third  A£t,  is 
part  of  it  taken  from  the  Mufes  Looking-glafs. 
Aft  2.  Sc.  i.  Act.  3.  Sc.  3.  and  4. 

Charles  Cotton  Efq; 

An  Ingenious  Gentleman  lately  (aslant 
inform’d)  Deceas’d,  who  fometimes  dwelt  at 
Beresford  in  the  County  of  Stafford.  He  was 
an  excellent  Lyrick  Poet*  but  particularly  fa- 
mous for  Burlefque  Verfe  r but  mention’d  here 
on  account  of  a Tranflation  of  his  call’d, 

Horace,  a French  Tragedy  of  Monfieur  Cor- 
neille, printed  in  quarto  Lond.  16-71.  and  dedi- 
cated to  his  Dear  Sifter  Mrs.  Stanhope  Hutchin - 
fort.  . This  Play  was  firffc  fimfhed  in  i66y.  (*) 
‘ JBu't  neither  at  that  time,  nor  of  feveral  years 

(3)  Seethe  Ejiftte  to  tbs  Rcider. 


‘after 


Dramatick  Poets,  75 

* after,  was  it  intended  for  the  publick  view  ; 
f it  being  writ  for  the  private  divertifementof 
‘a  fair  young  Lady,  and  ever  fince  it  had  the 
c honor  firft  tokifs  her  Hands,  fo  intirely  hers, 
1 that  the  Author  did  not  referve  fo  much  as 
‘ the  BxohiUon  to  himfelf.  However  fhe  being 
‘ prevail’d  upon  tho’ with  fome  difficulty  to 
‘give  her  confent,  it  was  printed  in  Offo.1670. 

I fhall  not  extol,  or  particularife  the  Excel- 
lencies of  this  Play  in  the  Original ; his  fuffici- 
ent  to  tell  you, that  the  FrenchAuthor  thought 
it  might  pafs  for  the  beffc  of  his  Productions  if 
the  three  lafl  ACls  had  been  equal  to  the  two 
Firfl:  and  this  he  fays  was  the  general  Opini- 
on, as  you  may  read  in  the  beginning  or  his 
Examen  of  this  Play.  (b)  As  to  the  Perfor- 
mance of  this  our  Countryman,  notwithfland- 
ing  his  Modefly,  and  Generofity  in  giving  the 
preference  to  Mzdatii  Phillips  her  Tranflation, 
I think  it  no  ways  inferior  to  it,  at  leafl,  I 
dare  aver  that  it  far  tranfeends  thatVerfion 
publilht  by  Sr.  LVilliam  Lower. 

The  Plot  of  this  Play,  as  far  as  it  is  founded 
on  Hiitory,  may  be  read  in  feveral  Authors, 
See  Livy,  lib.  1 . Flouts,  lib.  1 . c.  3.  Z)ionyJiu$ 
FFlliCarnafJtCUs,  &c. 

There  are  other  Works  of  this  Authors 
writing,  which  fpeak  him  a great  Wit,  and 
Mailer  of  an  excellent  Fancy  and  Judgment : 
Such  as  his  Poem  call’d  Fhe  W index s of  the 
Feah,  printed  in  oCtavo  Lond.  1681.  His  Bur- 
lefque  Poems  call’d,  Scarronides , or  Virgil  Tra - 
veflie , a ntock  Poem,  on  the  firfl  and  fourth 
(b,)  SicTtyeatrede  Camille,  10m,  1, 

Books 


7 6 An  Account  of  the 

Books  of  Virgil s <yEneis , printed  in  o&avo 
Lond.  16-78.  Tho’  the  Title  Teems  to  imply  as 
if  this  Poem  were  an  Imitation  of  Scv?m>»,  who 
has  tranflated  Eight  Books  oi  Virgil  in  the  Tame 
manner : yet  thofe  who  will  compare  both 
theTe  Pieces,  will  poffibly  find  that  he  has  not 
only  exceeded  the  French,  but  all  others  that 
have  attempted  in  that  kind,  to  the  reTerve  of 
the  incomparable  Butler , the  fam’d  Author  of 
Hudibras : and  I think  we  may  with  little  va- 
riation apply  the  following  Tetraftick  written 
by  Scarron's  Uncle  to  this  our  Author. 

Si  pun  Hum  omne  tulit , qui  mifeuit  utile  dulcit 
JLudendo  feribens  Jena,  quid  meruit  ? 

Virgilii  miranda  legens , rtdere  jubetur, 

Hoc  debet , Cotton,  Anglica  Mufa  tibi. 

There  are  feveral  of  Lucian’s  Dialogues  put 
into  Burlelque  Verfe,  printed  in  o£lavo  Lond. 
16*75-.  under  the  Title  of  The  Scoffer  Scofty 
which  are  Taid  to  be  writ  by  our  Author,  but 
whether  this  be  true,  I muft  leave  to  thofe 
who  were  better  acquainted  with  him.  How- 
ever I muft  acquaint  the  Reader,  that  there  was 
not  longfince  publifht  a Volume  of  Poems  on 
Teveral  Occafions,  with  his  Name  prefixt, 
which  was  printed  in  a large  o<ftavo,  Lond. 
i68p.Amongft  which  is  a Copy  call’d  The  Ang- 
lers Ballad-,  which  puts  me  in  mind  of  another 
piece  writ  by  him  inProfe,  call’d  The  Compleat 
Angler , being  Inftruchons  how  to  angle  for  a 
T rout  or  Grading  in  a clear  Stream,  being  a Se- 
cond Part  to  Mr.  Ifaac  IV nitons  Book  on  the 
fame  Subjeft,  printed  in  o£tayo  Lond.  16*76. 


Dramatick  Poets.  77 

and  dedicated  to  that  Virtuous  Man,  the  com- 
mon Father  of  all  Anglers.  This  Book  is  not 
unworthy  the  perufal  of  the  graved  Men  that 
are  Lovers  of  this  innocent  Recreation,  and 
thofe  who  are  not  Anglers,  but  have  a tad  of 
Poetry,  may  find  Mr.  Cotton  s Cha rafter  better 
deferib’d  by  himfelf,  in  a Copy  of  Verfes(prin- 
ted  at  the  end  of  that  Book)  called  The  Retire- 
ment^ than  any  that  I might  prefent  the  Reader 
taken  either  from  Colonel  Lovelace , Sr.  AJlon 
Cokain,  Robert  Herrick  Efip  or  Mr  . Alexander 
Brome  ; all  which  have  wrxt  Verfes  in  our  Au- 
thor’s praife , but  in  my  poor  judgment  far 
fhort  of  thefe  Stanzes  frreguliersy  where  (as 
Ms. IV alt m (')  truly  fays)  the  Reader  may  fee  fo 
good  a Pifture  of  our  Author’s  mind,  that  if  he 
be  bled  with  a generous  Soul,  it  will  caufe 
him  to  love  him,  (and  his  Memory  )the  better. 

Abraham  Cowley. 

I have  generally  hitherto  contented  my  felf 
with  giving  a fuccinft  Account  of  each  Au- 
thors Affairs  of  Life,  or  Family : and  chofe  ra- 
ther to  enlarge  on  their  Works : but  Mr .Cowley 
was  a Perfon  of  fo  great  Merit  and  Edeemin  the 
world  when  Living;  and  his  Memory  fo  frefli 
in  the  minds  of  Learned  Men,  that  I am  oblig’d 
not  to  pafs  him  'dightly  over.  'Tis  true  my 
Predeceflors  in  this  Work,  I mean  Mt.Thillips 
and  Mr.  JVinfianley , have  given  but  an  imper- 
feft  account  of  Him,  or  his  Writings  : but  as  I 

(c)  See  his  Letter  cu  Mr,  at  the  end  ot  the  Cornel  tut 

Airier* 


pro- 


78  An  Account  of  the 

propole  not  them  for  my  Pattern  in  this- Sub* 
;je£f,  fo  I ntufl  publickly  own,  that  I have  lb 
great  a Veneration  for  the  Memory  of  this 
great  Man,  that  methinks  his  very  Name  feems 
an  Ornament  to  my  Book,  and  deferves  to  be 
fet  in  the  belt  Light  I can  place  it.  Wherefore 
I lhall  be  as  careful  in  copying  his  P Liu  re  from 
his  Writings,  as  ail  Artilfc  would  be  in  hitting 
the  Features  of  his  Sovereign. 

To  begin  full  with  his  Birth  ; the  place  of 
his  Nativity  was  London , and  the  time  which 
made  his  Virtuous  Parents  happy  in  him,  was 
the  year  of  our  Lord  1618.  Tho’  his  Mother 
had  no  prefcience  like  Maia  the  Parent  of  the 
great  Virgil,  (who  the  Night  before  her  de- 
livery dreamt  flie  brought  forth  a fprig  of 
Lawrel,  which  upon  the  fetting  forthwith  be- 
came a Tree ; ) yet  it  may  be  laid,  that  this  our 
EnglifliMaro, grew  ripe  with  equal  fpeed,as  that 
famous  Toplar  Bough  planted  at  the  Roman 
Poets  Birth,  fprung  up  into  a beautiful  tall 
Tree,  which  overtoptfeveral  others  of  far  ri- 
per Age.  Virgil  at  Thirteen  years  of  Age  be- 
gan his  Studies  at  Mittain  ; but  this  our  Author 
■writ  his  Tragical  Hillory  of  cPy  ramus  and 
Thifbe , when  he  was  but  Ten  years  old ; his 
Conjlantia  and  Thiletus  at  Twelve;  and  at 
Thirteen  had  publifht  not  only  thele  but  feve- 
ral other  Toetical BloJfoms,[ d)  which  fufficient- 
ly  prov’d  the  pregnancy  of  his  Wit:  and  all 
this,  whilft  he  was  yet  but  a JV fminjier  Schol- 
lar ; before  he  could  fay  with  Juvenal,  (e ) 

Et  ms  ergo  manum  ferula fubduximus — 

(d)  The  Title  of  his  Book,  (c)  Sit.  1. 

> Nof 


Dramatic!?  Poets.  79 

Nor  is  the  Character  he  gives  of  himfefflefs 
full  of  Admiration  ; ( *)■  ‘ That  even  when  he 
‘ was  a very  young  Boy  at  School,  inftead  of 
‘ running  about  on  Holidays,  and  playing  with 
‘his  Fellows,  he  was  wont  to  Ileal  from  them, 
‘and  walk  into  the  Fields,  either  alone  with 
‘a  Book ; or  with  fome  One  Companion,  if  he 
‘ could  find  any  of  the  fame  Temper. 

His  firfl:  Inclinations  to  Poetry,  proceeded 
from  his  falling  by  chance  on  Spencer's  Fairy 
Qgeen,  («)  ‘With"  which  he  was  fo  infinitely 
‘delighted,  and  which  by  degrees  fo  fill’d  his 
‘ head  with  the  tinkling  of  the  Rhime,  and 
‘ dance  of  the  Numbers,  that  he  had  read  him 
‘all  over  before  he  was  Twelve  years  old,  and 
‘was  thus  made  a Poet  as  immediately  as  a 
‘ Child  is  made  an  Eunuch.  Thus  liegradualy 
‘grew  up  to  that  maturity  both  of  Fancy  and 
‘Judgment, that  (in  the  opinion  of  a great.Man 
now  living,  (h)  ‘ Whoever  would  do  him  right, 
‘ fhould  not  only  equal  him  to  the  principal  An- 
cient Writers  of  our  own  Nation,  but  fhould 
* alfo  rank  his  Name  amonglt  the  Authors  of 
‘ the  true  Antiquity,  the  belt  of  the  Greeks, 
‘and  Romans.  Nor  is  this  the  fence  only  of" 
this  Worthy  Perfon,  and  Excellent  Poet,  but 
the  general  Opinion  of  the  Wits  of  both  Uni- 
verlities,  and  which  will  appear  obvious  to  All 
that  {hall  diligently  read  his  Works:  moll  of 
which  were  writ,  or  at  leaf!:  defign’d  whilft  he 
was  of  Trinity  <_  ol ledge  in  Cambridge , and  of 
which  I fhall  give  a fu.ccindl  Account,  begin- 

(f)  Ettay  of  Hsmfelf,  p?g.  145.  fg)  idem  p.  144.  (h)  br. 
Sprat,  See  his  Life  $ in  etc  laft  page. 

ing 


8o  An  Account  of  the 

ing  firft  with  his  Englifli  Plays,  which  are 
Three  in  Number,  viz. 

Guardian, , a Comedy  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
l6fo.  ‘Made  (lays  the  Author  (*)  ) and  a<5ted 
‘before  the  Trince , or  rather  neither  made  nor 
‘ailed,  but  rough -dr  awn  only,  and  repeated;  for 
‘the  haft  was  io  great,  that  it  could  neither 
‘be  revifed ' or  perjelied  by  the  Author,  nor 
‘ learned  without  Book^  by  the  Adlors,  nor  fet 
‘ forth  in  any  Meafure  tolerably  by  the  Officers 
‘ of  the  Colledge. 

This  Mr.  Cowley  thought  fit  to  acquaint  the 
Trince  with,  in  the  Prologue  which  was  fpo- 
ken  to  him  at  that  time  : as  the  Reader  may 
fee  by  the  following  Lines,  being  part  of  it. 

Accept  our  hajly  Zeal ; a thing  that's  play'd 
Eire  'tis  a T lay,  and  ailed  e' re  ’tis  made. 

Our  Ignorance , hut  our  Duty  too , we  fliow  : 
I would  all  ignorant  Teople  would  do  Jo. 

At  other  times,  exp  ell  our  IVit  and  Art ; 
This  Comedy  is  ailed  hy  the  Heart. 

‘ After  the  Reprefentation  (the  Author  tells 
‘us (k)  he  began  to  look  it  over,  and  changed 
‘ it  very  much,  ftriking  out  fome  whole  Parts, 
‘as  that  of  the Toet,  and  the  Souldier ; but  he 
‘having  loft  the  Copy,  durft  not  think  it  de. 
‘ lerv’d  the  pains  to  write  it  again,  which  made 
‘ him  omit  it  in  the  publication  of  his  Works 
‘in  Folio;  though  (at that  time  he  acknow- 
‘ ledg’d)  there  were  lome  things  in  it,  which 
‘ he  was  not  alhatn’d  of,  taking  the  Excufe  of 
‘ his  Age  when  he  made  it.  But  as  it  was  he 

(i)  Preface  to  his  Works,  Vag.  2.  (k)  Idem, 

‘ac- 


Dramatick  Po£Ps\ 


8a 


4 accounted  it  only  the  hafly  fir  ft -Jit- ting  of'  a 
‘Picture,  and  therefore  like  to  referable  him 
i accordingly;  > vk 

This  Comedy,  notwithllanding  Mr.Co-wkj's 
hiodeft  Opinion  of  it,  was  ailed  not  only  at  • 
Cambridge,  butfeveral  times  after  that  private- 
ly, during  the prohibition  of  the  Stage,  and  after 
the  King’s  Return,  publickly  at  ZMtrjin,  and 
never  fail’d  of  Applaufe.  This  T fuppofe  put 
our  Author  upon  reviling  it ; and  there  being 
many  things  in  it  which  he  diflik’ty  and  finding 
himfelfat  leifurein  the  Conntrypfie  Tell  upon 
altring  .it  almofl.  throughout:; v.-and  then  per* 
mitted  it  to  appear  publickly  on  the  Stage,  un-~ 
^er  a new  Title,  as. indeed \’twas  in, a manner 
a .new  Play,  calling  it 


i<S6fi  This  Play  met  with  fome  Oppofition, 
at  its  Reprefentation  under  this  new  Name, 
from  fome  who  envyed  the  Authors  unfhaken 
Loyalty  to  the  Prince,  and  the  Royal  Ca‘ufe,  in 
the  worft  of  Times ; but  afterwards  I fuppofe 
the  Authors  Preface  ( to  which  I refer  the 
Reader)  difpell’d  all  thole  Cloud  s rais’d  by  the 
Faction;  anal  have  feen  it  ailed  with  uni- 
verfal  Applaufe  : and  I believe  generally  fpeak- 
ing,  all  unbyafs’d  Judges  that  have  read,  or  feen 
it  a£led,  will  give  it  the  Approbation  of  an  ex- 
cellent Comedy : and  for  thofe  who  are  unla- 
tisfied  concerning  his  Fidelity  to  his  King,  I 
mult  refer  them  to  that  admirable  Defence 
writ  by  the  Reverend  Bilhop  of  Rocheiler  (l)  in 
0)  Life,  jaf,  6. 

F be- 


82  An  Account  of  the 

behalf  of  this  excellent  Man,  it  being  too  co- 
pious to  be  inferted  here. 

Love's  Riddle , a Pafloral  Comedy,  written 
at  his  time  of  being  King’s  Scholar,  in  WeB- 
minjler  School ; printed  firjffc  with  his  ‘Poetical 
BloJJ'omSy  'm quarto  Lond.  1 6y$.  but  Irqce prin- 
ted in  the  Second  Volume  of  his  Works,  in  Pol. 
Lond.  1 68 iv.  and  dedicated  hy.  a Copy  of  Verfes 
to  the  truly  Worthy  and  Noble  Sr.  Kenelm 
Digby.  If  this  Play  be  confider’d,  according  to 
the  Authors  years  at  that  time, ’twill  certainly 
be  allow’d  llandardr,  or  at  leaf!  needs  no  other 
Apology  the»i  what  the  Author  makes  for  it  in 
his  Dedication  to  his  Patron : 

Take  it  ds  early  Fruits,  which  rarb  appear , 
Though  not  half  ripe , butvoorji  of  aU  they? dr , 
And  if  it  pie afe  your  Tafie , my  Mu  fc  voilljayy 
The  ffirch.whichcroivn’d  her  then.  is  grown  a 
Bay. 

- 

It.nught  be  expelled  that  I fliould  give  fome 
Account  either  of  the  Plots  of  thefe  Plays,  or 
whence  he  has  borrow’d:  but  let  thole  that 
think  fo,be  fatisfied  from  the  Famous  Denhams 
Charade r,  That  he  is  not  an  Author  of  that 
Stamp.  I hope  it  will  not  be  thought  Foreign 
to  my  purpofe,  to  tranferibe  part  of  that  Copy 
which  he  writ  on  this  Admirable  Poets  Death, 
and  Burial  amongft  the  Ancient  Poets.  The 
whole  Copy  deferves  to  be  engraved  in  Brafs  ; 
but  I (hall  here  tranferibe  only  what  is  to  our 
purpofe;  (m) 


(m;  Denham’;  Ptens,  p,  93, 

Old 


Vramatick  Poets.  8 J 

Old  Mother  JVit,  and  Nature  gave 
Shakefpear,  and  Fletcher,  all  they  have  ; 

In  Spencer,  and  i«  Johnfon,  Art, 

Of  flower  Nature  got  the jlart  > 

But  both  in  him  fo  equal  are , 

None  kno  ws  which  bears  the  happy  'ft  Jhare  ; 
To  him  no  Author  was  unkno  wn)  > 

Tet  what  he  wrote  was  a/l  his  own  ; 

He  melted  not  the  ancient  Gold, 

Nor  with  Ben  Johnfon  did  make  bold 
To  plunder  all  the  Roman  Stores 
Of  Toe  Is,  and  of  Orators : 

Horace  his  Wit,  and  Virgil's-  State , 

He  did  not  fleal , but  emulate, 

And  when  he  would  like  them  appear , 

Their  Garb , but  not  their  Cloaths , did  wear. 

As  to  his  other  Works  in  Englifh,  they  con- 
flft  both  of  Verfeand  Profe;  amongft  which 
are  his  Love  Verfes,  call’d  The  Miflrefs  ; which 
were  firft  printed  in  oCtavo  fond,  x 64 7.  from 
a Correct  Copy  written  by  the  Author  himfelf, 
and  fince  they  are  printed  in  Folio,  with  feve- 
ral  of  his  other  Pieces.  Thefe  Poems  are  high- 
ly applauded  by  the  generality  of  judicious 
Men,  and  notwithftanding  the  nice  fcrup'cs  of 
fome,  it  is  an  undeniable  Truth  which  the 
knowing  Writer  of  his  Life  lays  down,  (") 
‘ That  never  yet  fo  much  was  written  on  a Sub- 
*■  jeCt  fo  Delicate,  that  can  lefs  offend  the  fe- 
* ve reft  rules  of  Morality. 

I dare  npt  prefume  to  give  a particular  Cha- 
racter of  his  Works:  therefore  I fhall  refer 


F a 


ics  hi*  Life,  j>.  n. 


them 


S4  -An  Account  of  the 

them  to  the  large  Account  of  his  Life,  written 
by  the  exa£l  and  ingenious  Author  above- 
mentioned,  or  to  the  Readers  own  judgment. 
They  confiflof  Mifcellanies,  Anacreontiques, 
and  Pindariques ; or  fome  Copies  of  Verfes 
tranflated  Paraph  raftically  out  of  Anacreon  and 
‘Pindar : on  the  later  he  has  writ  Notes,  as  re- 
plete with  Learning,  as  his  Odes  with  Wit  and 
Fancy,  and  which  moft  admirably  explain  the 
moll  difficult  and  abftrufe  Pafiages. 

Befides  thefe  he  has  publiffit  an  Epique  Poem 
call’d  Davideis , a Sacred  Poem  of  the  Troubles 
of  Davidr  in  Four  Books : tho’  defign’d  by  the 
Author  to  be  continu’d  and  extended  toTwelvc; 
not  for  the  Tribes  fake,  but  in  imitation  of 
Virgil.  'As  it  is  a great  grief  to  the  Lovers  of 
Poetry,  that  he  liv’d  not  to  finiffi  the  Work  ; 
io  ’tis  the  Opinion  of  an  eminent  Critick,  (°) 

4 That  as  it  may  be  lamented,  that  he  carried 
‘ not  on  the  Work  fo  far  as  he  defign’d,  fo  it 
‘ might  be  wifht  that  he  had  liv’d  to  Revife 
‘ what  he  did  leave  us  : I think  the  Troubles 
‘ of  ‘David is  neither  Title  nor  Matter  proper 
‘ for  an  Heroick  Poem ; feeing  it  is  rather  the 
f A£Uons  than  his  Sufferings,  that  make  an 
‘ Heroe  A nor  can  it  be  defended  by  Homer  s 
‘■QdyfeisfmctUlyJfes'% Sufferings  conclude  with 
‘one  great  and  perfect  A£tion.  Yet  notwithA 
flanding,  this  judicious  Author  allows,  ‘That . 
‘in  the  Davideis  (Fragment  and  imperfect  as 
‘it  is)  there  ffimes  fomething  of  a more  fine, 

‘ more  free,  more  new,  and  more  noble  air,  than 

■ ( o)  Mr.  Rymei^  Prtf,  to  Ardtmlti  Treadle  oF  Veefy. 

ap- 


Dramatick  Poets . 8 5 

‘ appears  in  the  HteruJ'alem  ofTajJ'oy  which  for 
‘ all  his  care,  is  fcarce  perfectly  purg’d  from 
‘ Pedantry.  And  after  all  fays,  ‘ That  in  the 
‘ Lyrick  way  however  Covoley  far  exceeds  him, 
‘and  all  the  reft  of  the  Italians.  Tho’  Jacobus. 
Tbilippus  Tomafinus,  Laur.  CraJJo,  and  other 
great  Men  give  TaJJ'o  an  extraordinary  Cha- 
racter. But  to  return  to  our  Author,  what- 
ever faults  Mr.  Covoley  may  have  committed  in 
the  Oeconomy  of  his  Poem,  (as  Mr.  Rytner 
reckons  up  others)  if  it  be  confider’d,  ‘That 
‘he  writ  the  greateft  part  of  it,  (as  the  Au- 
thor of  his  Life  obferves)  whilft  he  was  a 
‘ young  Student  in  Trinity  Colledge  in  Cam- 
‘ bridge , and  withal  reflect  on  the  vaftnefs  of 
‘ the  Argument,  and  his  manner  of  Handling 
‘it,  he  may  feem  like  one  of  the  Miracles  he 
‘ there  adorns,  like  a Boy  attempting  Goliab. 
The  reft  of  his  Verfes  are  written  on  feveral 
Occafions,  and  for  what  remains  unfpoken  of 
in  his  Second  Volume,  they  are  Verfes  which 
he  made  when  he  was  a King’s  Scholar,  and 
to  which  he  gave  the  Title  of  Sylva. 

As  to  his  Pieces  in  Englifh  Profe,'  they  are 
Difcourles  byway  of  Ellays,  upon  grave  and 
ferious  SubjeCts ; where  he  gives  the  trueft 
and  belt  Character  of  himfelf,  and  his  thoughts 
during  his  Retirement.  Thefe,  with  feveral 
others  which  he  defign’d  to  add  ; he  intended 
had  not  Death  prevented  him,  to  have  dedica- 
ted to  his  old  Patron  the  Earl  of  St.  Albans  ^ 

‘ As  a Teftimony  of  his  entire  RefpeCts  to  him: 
‘and  a kind  of  Apology  for  having  left  hu- 
- mane  Affairs  in  the  ftrengthofhis  Age,  while 
F 3 > ‘he 


86  A*  Account  of  the 

1 he  might  ftiU  have  been  ferviceable  to  his 
( Country.  But  notwith  Handing  his  Death,  his 
intentions  are  made  good  by  his  worthy  Friend 
the  careful  Overfeer  of  his  Writings,  who  has 
paid  in  this.  Legacy  according  to  the  will  and 
intention  of  the  deceafed  Teftator. 

His  Latinc  Works  contain  the  two  former 
Books  of  his  ‘Davideis  ; a Latine  Comedy  call’d 
Naufragitun  Jocular  c,  which  was  ailed  before 
the  Univerfity  of  Cambridge  by  the  Members  of 
Trinity  Colledge,  the  fecond  day  of  February 
1638.  and  his  Toemata  Latina , printed  in  octa- 
vo 1668.  confifting  of  Six  Books  of  Plants, 
and  One  of  Mifcellanies ; of  whofe  feveral 
Character,  you  will  find  an  account  in  his  Life  : 
where  you  may  likewile  find  a defeription  of 
his  Temper,  Converfation,  fee.  which  would 
fwell  this  Volume  beyond  its  defign’d  Bulk,  to 
relate.  All  that  I (hall  acquaint  you  further 
with  is,  that  this  belt  of  Poets,  that  ever  our 
Nation  produc’d,  and  a Man  of  fo  excellent  a 
Temper,  in  the  Opinion  of  King  Charles  the 
Second,  that  he  was  pleas’d  to  lay  of  him  upon 
the  news  of  his  death,  that  Mr.  Cowley  had  \ 
not  left  a better  Man  behind  him  in  England. 
This  Excellent  Man  I lay,  Died  after  a Fort- 
nights  Sicknefs,  of  a Stoppage  in  his  Breaffc 
and  Throat,  accompanied  with  a violent  De- 
finition. He  was  Buried  at  hFeJiminfler  Abby, 
near  Two  of  our  molt  eminent  Englilh  Bards, 
Chaucer , and  Spencer ; his  Corps  being  attend- 
ed with  a numerous  Train  or  Perlons  of  the 
moll  eminent  Rank,  both  for  Birth  and  Virtue. 
The  late  Duke  of  Buckingham  his  Noble  Friend 

and 


Dramxtkk  Poets.  87 

and  Patron,  has  erected  a Magnificent  Monu- 
ment over  his  Afhes  in  teftimony  of  his  Af- 
fection ; whofe  Sculpture  you  may  fee  at  the 
beginning  of  his  Second  Volume.  Tho’  I take 
it  for  granted  that  every  Lover  of  Poetry  hath 
the  Works  of  this  Worthy  Ornament  of  our 
Nation:  (fince  in  my  weak  judgment,  what 
was  faid  of  d'Urffe'%  Aftrata,  by  the  great  Car- 
dinal Richlieu , may  more  truly  be  faid  of  our 
Authors  Works,  That  he  was  not  fit  to  be  ad- 
mitted into  the  Academy,  who  had  not  been 
before  well  read  in  Africa :)  yet  fince  his  Epi- 
taph may  prove  an  Embellifhment  to  this 
Work,  I fhall  tranicribe  it. 

ABRAHAMUS  COWLEIUS, 
Anglorum  TihdarUs,  Flaccus , Maroy 
2)elibiay  Ziecus,  ‘Defiderium  <yEvi  fuiy 
fik  jhxtafitus  ejl. 

AureA  dutn  volitant  late  tua  feripta per  orbem 
Et  Fuma,  sternum  vivis  ‘Divine  Toetay 
Hie placidAjaceas  requiey  Cuftodiat  urnam 
Cana fides  vigilentqu?  perenni  lampade  Mufa  ; 
Sit facer  ijle  Locus , Necquis  temerarius  aufit 
SacrikgA  turbare  manti  P’enerabile  Bujlum. 
IntaSii  mane  ant , ihaneant  perfecula  'Dulcis 
COULEI  cinereSyferventque  immobile faxum. 

Sic  Vovet 

Pottimq;  fmm  apudTofleros facratum  ejfe  voluity 
Qui  viro  Incomparabi  pojfuit  Jepulcrale  marmor : 
GEORGIUS  DUX  BUCKINGHAMLE. 

Excejft  e vita  An.<j£t.  49.  & honor ijica pompa 
Flatus  ex  <yEd.  Buckinghamianis,  viris  IUuflri- 
bus  omnium  Ord.  exfequias  celibrantibusf epultus 
eft  dii.%  M:AUS-  A.jb.  1667.  I 


$8  An  Account  of  the 

I forgot  to  acquaint  the  Reader,  that  there 
have  been  two  Pieces  falfly  afcrib’d  to  this  Au- 
thor, One  a Poem  call’d  The  Iron  Age,  which 
was  publifht  during  our  Authors  refidence  in 
France , on  which  lie  himfelf  has  fharply  re- 
lieved at  the  Entrance  of  his  Preface  to  his 
Works.  The.other  Poem  isfather’d  upon  him 
by  Mr.  Thillips  and  M r.  IV injlanley,  which  they 
call  Antonius  and  Melltda , which  in  truth  is 
not  a Poem,  but  a Play  in  Two  Parts,  written 
by  John  Marfton.  Tho’  l ean  give  no  Account 
how  Mr.  Thillips  fell  into  this  miflake,  yet  I 
know  very  well,  that  the  little  Poem  he  fpeaks 
of(<Q  is  call’d  Conjiantia  andThiletus.  As  for 
Mr.  Winjlanley,  he  like  blind  Bayard  boldly  fol- 
lows the  former  at  a venture;  but  he  may 
by  this  learn  the  truth  of  that  old  Proverb ; 
Mali  Corvi  inalum  ovum , Like  Carpenter , like 
Chips.  There  is  an  Ode  written  by  Mr.  Cowley 
for  her  Majefly,  Queen  to  King  Charles  the 
Firfl,  printed  in  the  begining  of  Mr.  Tate’s 
Colle&ion  of  Poems  onfeveral  Occallons, prin- 
ted in  oVavo  Lond.  i68y.  There  was  a New 
Edition  of  his  Works  with  a Table,  and  the 
Verfes  that'  were  made  on  his  Death,  by  the 
Wits  of  the  Age,  printed  in  Fol.  Lond.  1688. 
i fhali'clbfe  all  with  the  Commendation  given  , 
him  by  Mr.  Evelyn , in  his  Imitation  of  Ovids 
Elegy  ad Invidos. .( r) 

So  longjhall  Cowley  he  adrnird  above 
The  Croud ’ as  Davidh  Troubles  pity  move , 

Till  Woman  ceafe  to  charm , and  Touth  to  love. 

(9)  AMerrt  fosts,  p.j.  (r)  Tttft’i  Cclledioji  of 

Robert 


Dramatick  Poets.  8g 

* 

v Robert  Cox. 

An  Excellent  Comedian  that  liv’d  in  the 
Reign  of  Ring  Charles  the  Firff,  One,  who 
when  the  Ring-leaders  of  the  Rebellion,  and 
Reformers  of  the  Nation  fuppreft  the  Stage, 
betook  himfelf  to  making  Drolls  or  Farces ; 
ftich  as  were  ASiaon  and  Diana ; Oenone , with 
the  Humours  of  Bum  kin ; Hobbinal;  Singing 
Simkin  ; and  Simpleton  the  Smith ; which  un- 
der the  Colour  of  Rope-dancing,  were  allow’d 
to  be  ailed  at  the  Red- Bull  Play-houfe  by 
Health,  and  the  connivance  of  thofe  flraight 
lac’d  Governors.  Thefe  Parts  he  ufually  ailed 
himfelf,  and  fo  naturally^  that  once  after  he  had 
play’d  Young  Simpleton  at  a Country  Fair,  a 
noted  Smith  in  thofe  parts,  whofaw  him  ail, 
came  to  him,  and  offer’d  to  take  him  as  his 
Journey-man,  and  to  allow  him  Twelve-pence 
a Week  more  than  the  reft. 

Nor  was  it  in  London  only,  but  in  the  Uni- 
verfity  likewife,  that  our  Aitor  was  applauded : 
infomuch  that  a Poetical  Butler  took  -fuch  a 
Fancy  to  his  Acting,  that  he  was  pleafed  to 
oblige  him  with  a Prologue,  that  he  might  ap- 
pear in  form,  as  he  had  feen  the  Members  of 
the  Colledge  he  belonged  to,  at  the  Ailing  a 
Play  in  Chrijlmafs ; part  of  which,  for  the 
Readers  Diverfion,  and  as  a Sample  of  the  Ta- 
lent of  this  Chip  of  Ternaffus,  I have  fet  down 
as  follows : > 

Courteous  Spectators,  we  are  your  Relators , 
Neither  Tylers,  nor  Slat  or  r,  nor  your  Vexators: 
But J'uch  as  will Jt rive  topleafe,  willyoujit  at 
Ft.  your  Eafe , And 


9®  An  Account  of  the 

And  [peak  fuch  'words  as  may  he  fpakcn. 

And  not  by  any  he  fhfjioken  ; &c. 

Brfj  mil 

'J'lnefe  Drolls  were  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
t 6s 6.  Second  Edition,  but  firit  printed  by  Tho. 
Newcomb  for  the  ufe  of  the  Author.  They 
are^  fine e , printed  in  a Collection  of  Drolls  , 
call  Id  Sport  upon  Sport,  for  Kirkrnati,  in  cCtavo 
Loud,  1674. 

John  Crown. 

APerfon  now  living,  who  has  attempted  all 
forts  of  Drama  tick  Poetry,  with  different  fuc- 
ccls.  If  I may  be  allow’d  to  Ipeak  my  Senti- 
ments, I thinly  his  Genius  feems  fitted:  for  Co* 
mt'dy  ; poffibl  ? his  Tragedies  are  no  ways 
contemptible  ; of  all  which,  in  my  weak  judg- 
ment, his  ‘Dejhuftton  of  Jetufalem  feems  the 
belt  He  has  written  Fifteen  Plays,  of  which 
Alphabetically. 

Andromache,  a Tragedy  a died  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  i6yy. 
This  Play  Mr.  Crown  claims  no  farther  fhare 
in,  than  the  turning  it  into  Prole,  it  being 
tfaifflated  from  the  French  ofMonfieur  Racine, 
hy  a young  Gentleman,  who  had  a great  efieem 
for  all  French  Plays,  and  particularly  for  this ; 
hut  whofe  Genius  in  Verfe,  it  feems  was  not 
vety  fortunate.  In  a word,  Mr.  Crowd  has 
written  an  Epiffle  to  clear  himfelf  of  the  Sean* 
dal  (as  he  terms  it)  of  fo  poor  a Tranllatioff. 
This  Play  tho  wefl  efteeni’din  the  O riginal, had 
not  its  expe&cd  fuecefs  on  ourEnglifh  Stage. 

The  French  Author  has  followed  Fitgil,  in 

' d\  his 


Dramatick  Poets.  91 

his  Story.  See  Lib.  3.  He  tranfcribes  the  Pa£ 
fage  begining  at  Vefie  191. 

Lit  for  apse  Epiri  legimus,por tuque  [ubimus 
Chaonio,py  c elf  am  Buthroti  ajcendimus  urbem. 
And  then  skipping  (even  Verfes  which  relate 
to  her  Marriage  with  Hellenus , he  ends  with 
the  death  of  Tyrrhus  by  Orejtes  at  the  Altar  of 
Apollo,  or  as  i'ome  would  have  it,  One  which 
he  ereCted  in  memory  of  his  Father  Achilles. 
The  Author  has  followed  Euripides  his 

in  the  Character  of  Hermione , and  her 
jealous  Tranfports  : but  in  that  of  Andromache , 
he  rather  chufes  to  (hew  her  on  the  Stage,  as 
the  Widow  of  Hector,  than  Tyrrhus,  and  lol- 
licitous  to  prelerve  the  Life  of  AJlyanax , than 
Molojfus : this  being  conformable  to  the  gene- 
ral Idea  which  People  have  of  Andromache. 

Ambitious  St  at ef man,  or  The  Loyal  Favorite , 
a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  by  his 
Majelties  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 

1 6”]().  and  dedicated  to  her  Grace  the  Dutchels 
of  Albermarle.  This  Play  is  in  the  Poets  0- 
pinion,  the  moll  vigorous  of  all  his  Labours, 
but  born  in  a time  fo  unhealthy  to  Poetry,  that 
it  met  not  with  the  Applaufe  which  lome  peo- 
ple thought  it  deferv’d.  I know  not  what  Au- 
thor Mr.  Crown  has  follow’d,  or  whence  he 
hath  taken  his  Plot : but  I fuppofe  by  lus  Am- 
bitious Statefman,  he  means  Bernard  d'Armag- 
nac  the  feventh,  Comte  d’  Armagnac,  and  Con- 
f table  of  France  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles 
the  Sixth.  My  Realon  for  this  Conjecture  is, 
that  he  (peaks  of  Henry  the  Fifth’s  Landing 
in  France , which  was  in  the  time  of  that  King. 

Thole 


92  Aft  Account  of  the 

7’hofe  Authors  who  have  treated  of  his  Reign, 
arc  J de  Labour  euryHiJi.  deCb.  VI.  Enguerand 
de  Monjirekl  Chron.  J.  Froijfard.  Chron.  de  Fr. 
ft  de  Angle  ter  re.  Ale  mo  ires  de  Mart,  du  Bell  ay , 
■Jean  Juvenal  des  Ur/ins  Hi  ft.  de  Ch  VI.  I)e 
Serves , Mezera y,  &c.  to  which  I refer  the 
Reader  for  better  fatisfa&ion. 

Cali/to, (Q r The  Chaji  Nymph  ; a Mafque  at 
Court,  frequently  prelented  there  by  Perfons 
of  great  .Quality,  with  the  Prologue,  and  the 
Songs  between,  the  Aits : printed  in  quarto 
Land.  and  dedicated  to  her  Highnefs, 

the  Lady  dMary,  Eldcll  Daughter  of  his  Royal 
Highncis,  the  Duke.  This  Mafque  was  writ 
at  the  Command  of  her  prefent  Majefty : and 
was  rehearled  near  Thirty  times,  all  the  Re- 
prefentations  being  follow’d  by  throngs  of  Per- 
sons of  the  greatelt  Quality,  and  very  often 
grac’d  with  their  Majesties  and  Royal  fligh.- 
nefles  Prefence.  The  Play  was  alter’d  by  the 
Poet  from  what  it  was  at  firfl ; that  which  re- 
mains of  the  firfl  defign,  may  be  known  by 
its  being  written  in  the  Pindarick  way  : that 
which  has  been  alter’d  being  in  Heroick  Verfe. 
The  Plot  is  founded  on  a Story  in  Ovid's  Me - 
tamorpho/isj  fee  Lib.  a.  Fab.  y,  6. 

Charles  the  Eighth  of  France , or  The  Inva- 
ficu  of  Naples  by  the  French , a Hiftory  writ  in 
Heroick,' Verfe,  acted  at  his  Highnefs  the  Duke 
of  Torfs  Theatre  ; printed  in  quarto  Lend. 
i<j8o.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
fyhn  Earl  of  Rochejtcr.  This  Play  notwith- 
standing the  Patronage  of  his  Lordfhip,  could 
not  deape  his  Railcry ) for  in  his  Imitation 


Dramatkk  Poets.  95 

of  Boyleau's  third  Satyr  he  brings  in  Mr .Croixn 
as  follows  ; (f) 

Kxckum  for  Crown  declar'd  ft  aid,  in  Romance , 
He  had  out -done  the  very  W its  of  F ranee.  ■ 
WitneJ's  Pandipn,  and  his  Charles  the  Eight; 
Where  a young  Monarch , care  lefts  of  his  Fate , 
Tho  foreign  Troops  and  Rebels  fhock  his  State , 
Complains  another  fight  ajfti&s  him  more. 

(viz.)  (')  The  Queens  Galleys  rowing  fro  ra- 
the Shore, 

. Fitting  their  Oars  ai.J  Tackling  . to  be  gone 
Whillt  fporting  Waves  linil’d  on  the  riling 
Sun. 

W zves J'miling  on  the  Sun ! I'm  Jure  that's  new , . 
And’ twas  well  thought  on  give  the'’!)  evil  his  due. 


For  the  Plot  of  this  Play,  as  far  as  it  Con- 
cerns Hiftory,  confult  thofe  who  have  written 
the  Affairs  of  Charles  VIII.  as  ‘Philip  de  Corn- 
mines' % Memoires,  Robertus  Gaguinus  Rer.JGah 
Annal . Guillaume  de  faligny  Hft.  de  Ch.  Will. 
F.  de  Bellejoreji  rHift.de  neuf  Roys  Charles 
de  France,  Andre  de  la  Figne , Gmcciardine ,' 
Mezeray , &c. 

City  Politique s,  a Comedy  acted  by  his  Ma- 
kefiles Servants ; printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1683. 
This  Play  (which  I have  feen  ailed  with  Ap- 
plaufe)  is  a fevere  Satyr  upon  the  Whiggilh 
Faction : but  tho’ the  Author  was  accus’d  for 
abufing  an  Eminent  Serjeant  at  Eaw,  and  his 
Wife,  under  the  Characters  of  Bar  to  line , and 
Lucinda,  and  a certain  DoCtor  under  the  Name 
of  Pancby,  yet  he  has  fiifficiently  clear’d  hitrr- 


FjJ«nh{lcG  Pocuir,  p.  109.  CO  S.etlie  Play,  p. 


16. 


94  An  Account  of  the 

{elfin  his  Epiftle  to  the  Reader,  to  which  I 
refer  you. 

Country  IVit , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  167^.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles 
Earl  of  Middlefex.  This  Comedy  is  ol  that 
Kind,  which  the  French  call  BaJJ'e  Come  die,  or 
Low  Comedy , one  degree  remov’d  from  Farce. 
This  Play,  notvithlfcanding  the  Faction  againft 
it,  pafs’d  the  Tell,  and  was  approv’d  by  his 
Majelty  King  Charles  the  Second,  whom  the 
judicious  part  of  Mankind  will  readily  acknow- 
ledge to  be  a fovereign  Judge  of  Wit.  Part  of 
the  defign  is  borrow’d  from  a Comedy  of  Mol- 
Here’s  call’d  Le  Sicilien , ou  f Amour  Teintre ; 
and  I mull  take  the  freedeme  to  tell  our  Eng- 
liCh  Author,  that  part  of  the  Language,  as  well 
as  the  Plot  is  ftollen  from  that  Play.  Witnefs 
Rambles  turning  Piitu re-drawer  to  gain  an  Op- 
portunity to  dilcourie  Betty  Frifque : which 
the  Reader  may  be  pleafed"  to  compare  with 
the  Intrigue  between  Adrafte,  and  IJidore  A£t. 
1.  Sc.  10.  &c.  betides  other  places.  I lhall 
leave  it  to  thofe,  who  underlland  French,  to 
judge  whether  our  Author  has  put  in  practice 
the  Rule  which  he  has  laid  down  in  his  Epillle 
to  the  ‘Dejlruffion  of  JeruJ'alem  ; That  all  For- ' 
reign  Coin  mull  be  melted  down,  and  receive 
a new  Stamp,  if  not  addition  of  Mettal,  before . 
it  will  pafs  currant  in  England , and  be  judged 
Sterling. 

Darius  King  of  Terjia  ; a Tragedy  ailed  by 
their  Majellies  Servants,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.i<$%%.  and  dedicated  to  Sr.  George  Hexxytt 

Ba* 


Dramatic!:  Poets v 95. 

Baronet,  One  of  the  Lieutenants  of  hijs  .MA- 
jellies  Horfe-Guard  If  I miltake  not  tlx  Atr 
thcr  has  eopyed,  or  at  lead  imitated  ^.unpuus 
his  Hippolitus , and  Thadra.,  it?  t-jae  Characters 
of  Memnon  and  Ba:zana.  For  the  Piqt  iar 
as  it  concerns  'Darius , I have  already.  nien-> 
ripn’d  in  the  Account  of  the.Eari  of 
pag.^.  as  Qy  Curtins,  JufiinJLc-  - - y:-t  ][- 

jDeJiruSi.on  of 'Jerufatety  by 
in  Two  Parts ; ailed  at  the  Theatre  Loyal; 
printed  in  quarto  Lend.  i6rii.  and  radicated 
toiler  Grace  the  Dutcheis  o 1 Tor -{/me n th .Tide 
Tragedies  are [written  in  Heroick  Verify  M4 
were  ailed  with  good  Applet  yie.  As  to  tlie  Au- 
thors Chara.iler  pi  Thraat?tp$c  1 1 mw  it  fo  the 
Crfticksj.,  and  refe?  the  Reader  to  hi$vEpiftle 
for  fitisfailion-  The  Hutorical  part  of  these 
Plays*,  may  bje  readtat  large  in  Jojephusde  Bella 
Judaico.  Other  Authors  haye  iikewke  touehc 
upon  it.*  as djSaronius  AnmlTom.  x.  A. B.  g'i.. 
Xtyebius-. X. ( 3 , d o.:6.  Xiphilinus  Epitome- 
Dion,  in  Pip.  Xeffia/ianiy  Suetonius  Life  of.  X, 
jfefppf.  Tacitus  Xliji.  /.y.  &o. 

Englijh  Friar  or  The  Sparks a Co- 
medy ailed  by  their  Majefjnps  Servants,  prin- 
ted in  quarto  Lond.  1630.  and  dedicated  to  the 
:Right  Honourable  IViUmn  Earl  of  Devonfhire. 
WhatSuccefs  this  Play,  met,  with,  the  objeili- 
ons  againll  it,  and  the.  Authors  defence  ,.  the 
Preface  will  inrorm  you. 

Henry  the  Sixth  the  Firfl  Part,  with  the 
Death  of  the  Duke  of  Gloucejter ; a Tragedy 
ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  in  quarto. 
Lond.  1 £8 1,  and  dedicated  to  Sr.  Charles  Sidley. 

This 


96'  An  Account  of  the 

This  Play  is  (if  1 miftake  not)  very  much  bo'r- 
row’d  from  the  Second  Part  of  Shakefpears 
Henry  the  Sixth  ; tho’  Mr.  Crown  with  a little 
too  much  afliirance  affirms,  that  be  has  no  Ti- 
tle to  the  Fortieth  part  of  it.  This  Play  was 
oppos’d  by  the  Popiffi  Fadtion,  who  by  their 
Power  at  Court  got  it  fupprelt : however  it  was 
well  receiv’d  by  the  Refl  of  the  Audience.  v 
Henry  the  Sixth  the  Second  Part , dr  the 
Mifery  of  Civil-War  ; a Tragedy  adled  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.\<S'6xi 
Part  of  this  Play  likewife  is  borrow’d  front 
Sh  a kef  pear.  For  the  Plot  read  the  Chronicles 
of  thofe  Times,  writ  by  Grafton , Hotting  fie  ad', 
Trufleh  Martin, StotpfSfeed,  B iondi‘L)u  Chefnefaci 
Juliana , or  The  Prince  fs  of  Poland  ';  a Tragi-* 
Comedy  adted  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke 
of  Tork’s  Theatre : printed  in  qiiarto  Lond: 
t&l x.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right- Honourable. 
Roger  Earl  of  Orrery.  This  washhe  firlfc  Play1 
this  Author  writ,  which  if  it  be' not -lb  well 
penn’d  as  leveral  of  his  later  Productions, 
it  does  but  verify  his  own  Obfervation,  (u); 
‘That  there  are  few  Authors  but  have  had 
c thofe  flips  from  their  Prune,  which  their  riper 
‘ Thoughts  either  were,  or  at  leal!  had  reafon; 
* to  be  affiam’d  of. 

Sr.  Courtly  Nice , or  It  cannot  he,  a Comedy 
adted  by  his  Majefties  Servants,  printed  in. 
quarto  Lond.  ibS^.  and  dedicated  to  his  Grace 
the  Duke  of  Ormond.  This  Play  was  written 
at  the  Command  of  his  lateMajelly  E.  Charles 
the  Second,  who  gave  Mr.  Crownp  Span iffi  Play 
(n)  Epiftle  Dedicatory.  ' 

c.  No 


Dr  a mutick  Poets.  97 

JSfo  pued efer:  or  It  cannot  be;  out  of  which 
he  took  part  of  the  Name,  and  Defign  of  this. 
This  Comedy,  or  at  le aft  the  Plot,  as  far  as  re- 
lates to  the  Spanifh  Plot,  has  formerly  appear’d 
on  the  Stage, under  the  Title  of  Tarugo'%  Wiles. 
Sr.  Courtly's  Song  of  Stop  Thief,  is  a Paraphrafe 
of  Maf car  tile's  An  Toleur  in  MoUiere's  Les  pre - 
cieufes  Ridicules.  This  Play  is  accounted  an 
excellent  Comedy,  and  has  been  frequently 
ailed  with  good  Applaule. 

Thyefiesy  a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre 
Royal  by  their  Majeflies  Servants  •,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  1681.  The  Plot  of  this  Play  is 
founded  on  Seneca's  Thyejles , and  feems  to  be 
an  Imitation  of  that  Play.  I know  not  whe- 
ther our  Author  ever  faw  the  Italian  Play  on 
this  Subjeit,  written  by  Ludovicus  Dulcis , 
which  is  commended  by  'Delrio  ; or  the  F rench 
Tragedies  of  Roland  Brijfet,  and  Benoijl  Bau~ 
duyn:  but  I doubt  not  but  this  Play  may  vie 
with  either  of  them : at  leaft  the  French  Plays, 
which  in  the  Opinion  of  fome,  are  very  mean. 

I know  nothing  elfo  of  our  Authors  writing, 
except  that  Romance  above-mention’d,  which 
I never  faw. 


2). 

John  Dancer,  alias  Dauncy. 

I 

A N Author  of  who'fe  place  of  Nativity,  or 
Jl\  other  palfages  of  Lite  I am  able  to  give  no 
Account.  All  I know  ofhira  is,  that  he  liv’d  in 
Cr  the 


98  An  Account  of  the 

the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Second ; and 
that  his  Tranflations  fhew  him  well  vers’d  in 
the  French, and  Italian  Tongue.  He  has  oblig’d 
us  with  Three  Dramatick  Plays,  tranflated 
from  the  Originals  of  three  Eminent  Poets , 
viz.  Tajfoy  Corneille , and  Qmnault. 

Agrippa  King  of  Alba , or  The  Falfe  Tiber  inusy 
a Tragi-Comedy  in  Heroick  Verfe  ; feveral 
times  ailed  with  great  Applaufe,  before  his 
Grace  the  Duke  of  Ormond \ then  Lord  Lieu- 
tenant of  Ireland \ at  the  Theatre  Royal  in 
Dublin ; printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1675-.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lady 
tSTary  Cavendij 7a,  Daughter  to  the  Duke  of  Or- 
mond, This  Play  is  tranflated  from  the  F rench 
of  Monfieur  Quinault,  an  Author  well  known 
amongfl  thofe  that  are  converfant  in  French 
Poetry,  feveralof  whole  Pieces  have  appear’d 
on  the  Englifh  Stage;  as  La  Genereufe  Ingra- 
titude ; L'Amant  IndiJ'cret ; Le  Fantofme  amoa- 
reux  ; &c.  I know  not  whether  thisTranfla- 
tion  be  equal  to  the  Original,  having  never 
feen  the  later ; neither  can  I give  any  account 
of  the  Plot,  which  I take  to  be  fictitious. 

Aminta,  a Paftoral  printed  in  oCtavo  Lond. 
1660.  and  dedicated  to  his  much  Honoured  and 
truly  Noble  Friend  Mr.  R.  B.  Who  is  meant 
by  thofe  Letters  I will  not  be  fo  bold  as  to  con- 
jecture, becaufe  our  Author  has  conceal’d  his 
Patrons  Name  in  obedience  to  his  Commands. 
This  Play,  is  a Tranflation  of  that  famous 
Piece  writ  by  that  celebrated  Wit,  Signior  Tor- 
quato TaJJ'o , born  at  Sorrento , bred  up  at  ‘Padua, 
and  the  Favourite  of  Charles  XL.  of  France, 

He 


Dramatick  Poets.  99 

He  was  (as  I may  fay  ) the  Father  of  Pafto'rals ; 
being  the  firft  that  transferr’d  them  from  the 
Eclogue,  to  Dramatick  Poetry  : and  his  Aminta 
is  efteem’d  by  Foreigners,  a Mafter-piece  of 
Paftoral  Comedy : arid  has  been  tranftated  into 
the  French,  Spanilh,  Englilh,  German  and 
Dutch  Tongues.  This  was  the  Pattern  which 
the  admired  Guar  ini  propos'd  for  his  Imita- 
tion, when  he  writ  II  Tailor  jido  ; and  our  Au- 
thor has  fince  endeavour’d  to  imitate  his  ex- 
cellent Tranflator,  the  Lord  Embaflador  Fan - 
fhaw.  If  it  be  objected  by  fome  that  this  Tran- 
Ilation  of  TaJJ'o , is  far  fhortof  that  of  Guarini ; 
we  may  however  with  juftice  affirm,  that  at 
leaft  this  Tranflation  exceeds  that  printed  in 
1(528,  if  we  allow  fome  confideration  for  his 
being  clog’d  with  Rhime,  which  forces  him 
more  upon  Paraph  rafe,  and  withal  that  it  was 
his  firft  attempt  to  Poetry.  With  this  Play, 
are  printed  feveral  Poems  on  different  Subjects, 
amongft  which  are  Love  Verfes,  which  Teem 
as  if  they  were  writ  in  imitation  of  Mr.  Cow- 
leys ^Mijlrifs. 

Hicomede a Tragi-Comedy,  ailed  at  the 
Theatre  Royal  in  Dublin ; printed  in  quarto 
L0nd.16q1.znd  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honour- 
able Thomas  Earl  of  OJJ'ory.  This  Play  is  tran- 
flated  from  the  French  Original  of  Monfieur 
Th.  Corneille , and  is  One  ofthofe  Pieces  which 
he  himfelf  moft  valu’d.  There  are  a great  many 
Beauties  in  it  Which  he  enumerates  in  the  Exa- 
men.  He  fays  the  Story  is  taken  from  the 
Fourth  Book  of  Juft  in , tho’  I fuppofe  this  is 
an  Errata  of  the  Prefs,  the  Story  being  in  the 
Gi  ' laft 


loo  An  Account  of  tht 

laft  Chapter  of  the  Thirty-fourth  Book. 

He  writ  befides  thefe,  feveral  other  Pieces  ; 
as  a Romance  call’d  the  Englifh  Lovers , printed 
in  o&avo  Lorid. — which  however  commend- 
ed by  Mr.  IVinjlanley , the  Contrivance  is 
due  to  Hey  wood's  Play  call’d  The  Fair  Maid 
of  theJVefl  in  Two  Parts:  from  whence  our 
Author  borrow’d  the  Story.  Two  other  Pieces 
are  mention’d  by  Mr.  IVinjlanley , viz.  si  Corn- 
pleat  Hitlory  of  the  late  1 imesy  and  a Chronicle 
of  the  Kingdome  of  ‘Portugal : neither  of  which 
I have  ever  feen. 

Samuel  Daniel  Efq; 

A Gentleman  living  in  the  Reigns  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , and  King  James  the  Firft : and  One, 
whofe  Memory  will  ever  be  frefh  in  the  minds 
ofthofe  who  favour  Hillory,  or  Poetry.  He 
was  born  near  7 aunton  in  Sowerfet-Jhire,  and 
at  Nineteen  years  of  Age,  in  the  year  iyBi. 
he  was  enter’d  Commoner  of  St.  Mary  Mag- 
dalen Hall  in  Oxford : and  after  having  three 
years  exercifed  himfelf  in  Hiflory,  and  Poetry, 
he  left  the  Univerfity.  His  own  Merit,  added 
to  the  Recommendation  of  his  Brother  in  Law, 
the  ReJ'olute  John  Florio  (fo  well  known  for 
his  Italian  Dictionary)  prefer’d  him  to  the 
Knowledge  of  Queen  Ann  ; who  was  pleafed 
to  confer  on  him  the  Honour  of  being  One  of 
the  Grooms  of  her  molt  Honourable  Privy- 
Chamber  : which  enabled  him  to  rent  aGarden- 
houfe  near  London,  where  in  private  he  com- 
pos’d molt  of  his  Dramatick  Pieces.  At  .laft. 


Dramatist:  Poets,  101 

being  weary  of  the  world,  he  retir’d  into  Wilt' 
p/ire ; where  he  rented  a Farm  near  the  2)e- 
vifes,  according  to  Dr.  Fuller , (a)  tho’ Mr* 
IV ’tod ( b)  fays  that  his  retreat  was  to Beckingtont 
near  Phittips-Norton  in  Somerfct-fhire , where 
he  Died  in  OElober  i6ip.  being  about  Four- 
fcore  years  of  Age,  and  was  Buried  in  the  fame 
Parifh-Church,  where  a Monument  was  erected 
at  the  foie  Bounty  of  the  Lady  Ann  Clifford 
Heirefs  of  George  Earl  of  Cumberland,  and  af- 
terwards Countefs  of  Pembroke,  ’Dorfet,  and 
Montgomery , whole  Tutor  he  was. 

Having  given  this  Account  of  his  Life,  I 
am  now  to  Ipeak  fomewhat  of  his  Writings ; 
and  it  being  at  prefent  my  Subject,  I fhall  Ipeak 
fil'd  of  his  Dramatick  Pieces,  which  conlill 
of  Two  Paltorals ; Two  Tragedies;  and  a 
Malque,  viz. 

Cleopatra , a Tragedy  printed  in  quarto  Lend. 
162.3.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
the  Lady  GMary  Countefs  of  Pembroke,  by  a 
Copy  of  Verfes  written  in  Stanzas  of  Eight 
Lines,  which  the  Italians  (from  whence  we 
took  the  Meafure)  call  Ottava  Rima.  This 
Play  was  firfl:  printed  in  o£tavo  Lond.  1611. 
but  this  later  Copy  infinitly  differs  from  the 
former,  and  far  exceeds  it ; the  Language  be- 
ing not  only  corre&ed,  but  it  having  another 
advantage  in  the  Opinion  of  a Modern  Poet,(e) 
fince  that  which  is  only  dully  recited  in  the 
firfl:  Edition,  is  in  the  lalt  reprefented.  For 
the  Foundation  of  the  Story,  confnlt  Plutarch 

(V)  Fuller’s  worthies.  Somerfet-ftiirs,  p.  28.  (b)  Anti 
©W*  p,  j7*.  (c)  Mr.  crow*'*  Epiftle  to  Atdrtimcbe* 


io2  An  Account  of  the 

in  the  Lives  of  Tompey, and  Anthony , Floras, lib. 
4.  c.  11.  Appian  de  Beilis  Civilibus,  Lib.$.  and 
a new  Book,  translated  out  of  French  by  Mr. 
Otway,  in  odtavo  Eoud.i626.  call’d  The  Hijtory 
of  the  Three  Triumvirates,  where  the  Story  is 
related  at  large. 

Hymens  Triumph, a Paftoral Tragi-Comedy, 
Prelented  at  the  Queens  Court  in  the  Strand, 
at  her  Majeflies  Magnificent  Entertainment 
o f the  Kings  moll  Excellent  Ma jelly,  being  at 
the  Nuptials  of  the  Lord  Roxborough,  printed 
in  quarto  Lond.  1-6x3.  and  dedicated  by  a Copy 
of  Verfes  to  ifie  lpofl  Excellent  Majefiy  of  the 
High  eft  born  Prince fs  Ann  of  T)enmarfQuzt\\ 
of  England,  cf  c. This  Play  is  not  printed  in 
the  Odtavo  Edition.  ’Tis  introduc’d  by  a pret- 
ty contriv’d  Prolpgqe  ; Hymen  being  oppos’d 
by  Avarice,  Envy , and  JecUoufy , the  Difturbers 
of  qui,et  Marriage. 

Thilqtas,  his  Tragedy, printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
16x3.  and  dedicated  to  the  Prince  afterwards 
King  Ckpjes  the  Firft.  Both  this  Play,  and 
Cleopatra  vs  ere  much  efteem’d  in  their  time ; 
they  are.both  written  wit|i  the  Chords  between 
each  A&;  according  to  the  manner  of  the  An- 
cients. This  Play  indeed  found  fome  Enemies, 
not  on  the  fcore  of  the  Wit,  or  Condudt  of  the 
Defign  ; butbecaufeit  was  reported,  that  un- 
der the  Character  of  Tb.ifctas,  that  Great  but 
Unfortunate  Favourite  of  Queen  Elizabeth 
Robert  dEureux  Earl  of  EJJex  was  portrayed  : 
but  the  Author  in  his  Apolpgy  at  the  End  of 
the  Play  has  fufficiently  clear’d  himfelf  from 
that  imputation,  This  was  the  firfl  Play  that 


Dr  am  at  ick  Poets.  105 

■our  Author  writ ; as  for  the  Plot  • it  is  founded 
on  Hxftory.  Seb  Qjdurtius,  lib.  6.  c.  7.  Juft  in, 
lib.  12.  c.  y.  Tint.  m Vi t.  Alex.  Arrian , &e. 

Queens  Arcadia , a Paftoral  Tragi- Comedy, 
prelented  to  her  Majefty  and  her  Ladies,  by 
the  Univerlity  of  Oxford  in  Chrijl-Church , in 
Aug.  160?.  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1623.  and 
dedicated  by  a Copy  of  Verfes,  to  the  Queens 
moft  Excellent  Majefty.  Whether  the  Scene 
(d)  between  Car  inns  and  Amintas  the  Lovers 
of  Chris  be  borrow’d  from  any  ancient  Poet, 
I know  not,  but  fure  I am  that  in  Monlieur 
Quimul? s La  Comedie  farts  Comedie  there  is  a 
Scene  betwixt  Filene  and  Daphnis  in  a manner 
the  fame  (e).  As  the  Two  next  Scenes  between 
thefe  Shepherds,  and  their  Mrs-  Clomire , ex- 
actly referable  the  Scene  ( f)  betwixt  the 
Swains,  Damon  and  Alexis,  and  the  inconftant 
Nymph  Laurinda  ; in  Randolph's  Amyntas: 

Vtfion  of  the  Twelve  GoddefJ'es,  prelented  in  a 
Mafque  the  Eighth  of  January , at  Hampton - 
Court , by  the  Queens  molt  Excellent  Majefty, 
and  her  Ladies,  printed  in  40.  Lond.  1623’.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lady 
Lucy,  Countefs  of  Bedford f This  was  printed 
without  the  Authors  leave,  by  the  unmanner- 
ly prefumption  of  an  indifcreet  Printer,  witlf-» 
out  warrant;  and  fo  imperfect,  that  the  Au- 
thor to  prevent  the  prejudice,  which  both  the 
Mafque,  and  the  Invention  fuffer’d,  publifht  it 
from  his  own  Copy.HisDefign  under  the  fhapes, 
and  in  the  Perfons  ofTwelveGoddefles,was  to 
prefent  the  Figure  of  thofe  Bleflings,  which 
(d)  Aft  I,  Sc.*,  (c)  Aft  a-  Sc.  4.  (f)  Aft*.  Sc.  7^  f 


104  An  Account  of  the 

this  Nation  enjoy’d  in  peace,  under  the  happy 
Reign  of  King  James  the  Firftl  by  Juno,  was 
reprefented  Power ; by  T alias  Wifdome  and 
Defence ; fee. 

All  thefe  Pieces  are  printed  together  in  40 
Lond.  1 dag.  under  the  Title  of  The  IVhole 
Works  of  Samuel  ‘Daniel  EJq;  in  Toe  try,  by 
which  I fuppofe  his  other  Poetical  works, 
which  were  printed  with  his  Plays  in  o&avo 
Lond.  1611.  areinferted  in  this  later  Edition, 
tho’  that  Volume  I have  by  me,  want  them. 
The  Names  of  them  are,  An  Epiffle  from  Otta- 
via  to  M.  Anthony  in  <y£gypt ; dedicated  to  the 
Lady  Margaret  Countels  of  Cumberland \ and 
writ  in  Ottava  R 'tma : Complaint  of  Bofoihond  ; 
in  Stanza’s  of  Seven  Lines.  Mufophilus , con- 
taining a general  Defence  of  all  Learning,  writ- 
ten Dialogue-wife,  between  Mufophilm  and 
Thilocofmus  ; and  dedicated  to  Sr.  Fulk  Grivel. 
A Funeral  Poem  upon  the  Death  of  the  late 
Earl  of  Devon  ft  ire : Delia , containing  Fifty 
Seven  Love  Sonnets.  He  writ  befides,  an  He- 
roick  Poem  of  the  Civil  Wars  between  the  two 
Houfes  of  Tork  and  Lane  after,  in  which  he  en- 
deavour’d to  imitate  Lucan' % Tharfalia , and 
fucceeded  fo  well  in  the  Opinion  of  Mr.  Speed, 
that  he  is  by  him  call’d  the  Englifh  Lucan. 

The/e  are  all  the  Poems  that  our  Author  has 
publifht  that  ever  I heard  of : but  however 
his  Genius  was  qualified  for  Poetry,  I take  his 
Hiflory  of  England  to  be  the  Crown  of  all  his 
Works : It  was  firfl;  printed  about  the  year 
1613.  and  was  dedicated  to  Queen  Ann.  It 
reaches  from  the  Hate  of  Brit  turn  under  the 


Dramatick  Poets.  105 

Romans,  to  the  end  of  the  Reign  of  King  Ed- 
ward the  Third,  An.  Dom.  1 3 ^6.  Of  this  Hi- 
ftory  a late  Writer  (e)  has  given  this  Chara&er, 
‘It  is  written  with  great  Brevity  and  Politenefs, 
‘and  hisPolitical  and  Moral  Reflections  are  very 
‘fine,  ufeful,  and  inflruCtive.  John  TruJJel con- 
tinu’d this  Hiflory  with  the  like  Brevity  and 
Truth,  but  not  with  equal  Elegance,  till  the 
end  of  the  Reign  of  Richard  III.  A.D.  1484. 

I have  never  feen  any  Copies  made  on  the 
old  Poets,  but  Mr.  ‘Daniel  is  therein  mention’d 
with  Honor.  One  Author  (h)  lliles  him  in  a 
Copy  on  the  Time  Toets , 

The  Tithy  Daniel,  whofe  Salt  Lines  afford \ 
A weighty  Sentence  in  each  little  W wd. 
Another  Author  in  a Copy  call’d  ACenfureof 
the  Toets  (')  fays  thus ; 

Amongjl  thefe  Samuel  Daniel,  whom  I 
May  Jpeak  of,  hut  to  cenfure  do  deny. 

Only  have  heardfome  Wife  men  him  rehear fey 
To  be  too  much  Hiftorian  inVerfe  ; [clofe, 
His  Rimes  were  fmooth , his  Meeters  well  did 
But  yet  h'ts  Matters  better fitted  Trofi ?. 
Having  given  you  the  Sence  of  the  Poets  of 
thofe  times,  concerning  this  excellent  Author, 
give  me  leave  to  tranferibe  an  Epigram  writ- 
ten in  his  Commendation  by  his  Friend  Mr. 
Charles  Fitz-Geoffry  (k),  with  which  I {hall 
•conclude. 

1 Spenferuny?  quis  nofirum  relit  effe  Maronem, 
Tu  Daniele  mihi  Nafo  Britt  annus  eris. 

(g)  Mr-  Eobun’'  Tranifton  ot  Mr.  wbcar’t  Metb.  legend!. 
Hi/f.  8ft.  p.  171.  (h)  Choice  Drollery*  8o.  Land.  1656.  p.  6. 
(?)  Sportive  Wit,  80.  d.  70,  (k)  Epigram,  8°.  Om.  1601. 

Sin 


To  6 ' An  Account  of  the 

Sin  ilium  potius  Phsebum  velit  ej]'e  Brit  annum. 
Turn Daniele  mihi  tu  Maro  nojler  eris, 

Nil  Phsebo  ulterius; fi  quid  for etjUud  haberet 
Spenferus,  Phaebus  tu  Daniele  fores. 
Qrippekqui  Phaebus  cuperet  ft  more  Brit  anno , 
Hccudjcio  quo  poterat,  m velit  ore  fuo. 

Sir  William  Davenant. 

A Perfon  fufficiently  known  to  all  Lovers  of 
Poetry,  and  One  whole  Works  will  prefer ve 
his  Memory  to  Pofterity.  He  was  Born  in  the 
City  of  Oxford,  in  the  Parilh  of  St.  Martins, 
vulgarly  call'd  Carfax,  near  the  End  of  Febru- 
ary in- the  year  u>oy.  and  was  Chriftned  on 
the  Third  of  March  following.  He  was  the 
Mercurial  Son  of  a Saturnine  Father,  Mrfohn 
jD’ Avemnty.2.  Vintner  by  Profeffion : who  liv’d 
in  the  fame  Houfe,  which  is  now  known  by 
the  Sign  of  the  Crown.  He  was  formerly  of 
Lincoln  College,  and  inftrudted  in  Logick  and 
Phylicks,  by  his  Tutor  Mr.  Daniel  Hough,  Fel- 
low of  th&t  Society ; tho’  his  Genius  rather 
inclin’d  him  to  walk  in  the  more  dowry  Fields 
of  Poetry,  in  which  he  made  a Prodigious  dif- 
covery : advancing  eveh  without  any  Guide, 
but  his  own  Wit,  and  Ingenuity,  as  far  as  the 
Herculean  Pillars  (if  any  Inch  bounds  are  to 
be  fet)  of  Poetry.  He  was  Poet  Laureat  to 
Two  Kings,  whole  Meknory  will  always  be  Sa- 
cred to  all  good,  loyal,  and  witty  Men ; I mean 
King  Charles  the  Fird,  the  Martyr  for,  and 
King  Charles  the  Second,  the  Reftorer  of  the 
Proteflant  Religion,  according  to  the  Church 


Dramatick  Poets.  107 

of  England.  During  this  Honour,  of  which 
his  Wit  and  Parts  render’d  him  Worthy,  he 
writ  (as  I fuppofe)  his  Dramatick  Pieces,  of 
which  I fhal!  give  iome  Account. 

To  {peak  of  them  in  general,  I need  only 
fay,  that  moll:  of  them  have  appear’d  on  the 
Stage  with  good  applaule,  and  been  receiv’d 
with  like  fuccefs  in  Print : the  greateft  part 
pubhfht  in  the  Authors  Life  time  in  Quarto, 
and  all  {ince  his  Death  collected  into  one  Vo- 
lume, with  his  other  Works,  printed  in  Folio 
Lond.  1673.  and  dedicated  by  his  Widow  to 
his  Royal  Highnefs,  the  late  King  fames. 

Albov ine  King  of  the  Lombards  his  Tragedy , 
printed  fir  ft  in  quarto,  and  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Honourable  the  Duke  of  Somerfet.  This 
Play  is  commended  by  Eight  Copies  of  Verfes. 
For  the  Defign,  it  is  founded  on  Hilfcory.  You 
may  read  the  Story  in  leveral  Hillorians : See 
TauJus  Diaconus  deGeftis  Langobardorumftb.i. 
c.  2.8.  Gregorius  Epifc.  Turonenfis  Hift-  Fran - 
corum , lib.  2.  c.  28.  Heylins  Cof  mography Part  1 . 
Book  1.  p.  5-7.  This  Story  is  like  wife  related 
at  large  in  a Novel  by  BandeUo , which  is  tran- 
slated by  Bell  for  eft ■;  ■ See  Hiftoires  Tragiques 
Tome  4.  Nov.  up. 

Cruel  Brother , a Tragedy  printed  firft  in 
quarto,  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honour- 
able-. the  Lord  IV fon}  Lord  High  Treafurer 
of  England. 

T):iftrefJ'es1  a Tragi-Comedy  printed  in  folio, 
Lond.  1673. 

1 Firft-days  Entertainment  at  Rutland-houfey 
ehy  Declamation,  and  Mufick,  after  the  manner 

‘ of 


ioS  An  Account  of  the 

* of  the  Ancients.  The  fubjeCt  of  the  former  of 
thefc  Declamations  is  concerning  Publick  En- 
tertainment by  Moral  Reprefentations  ;the  Di- 
iptitants  being  ‘Diogenes  the  Cy nick, and  Arijio- 
f banes  the  Poet.  The  later  Difpute  is  between 
a Tarifian , and  a Londoner , who  declaim  con- 
cerning the  Preheminence  o {‘Paris  and  London. 
The  Vocal  and  Inftrumental  Mufick  was  com- 
pos'd by  Dt. Charles  Coleman , Capt.  Henry  Cooky 
Air.  Henry  Laws,  and  Mr.  George  Hudfon. 

Fair  Favourite , a Tragi-Comedy  printed  in 
folio,  1675. 

Juki  Italian , a Tragi-Comedy  printed  firli 
an  quarto,  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honour- 
able the  Earl  of  Dorfety  and  commended  by 
the  Verfes  of  his  F nendsyMr. kFiHiam  HophnSy 
and  Mr.  Thomas  Carew. 

Law  again  ft  Lover Sy  a Tragi-Comedy  made 
tip  of  two  Plays  written  by  Mr.  ShakeJpeaTy  viz. 
Meafure  for  Meafwey  and  Much  Ado  about  No- 
thing. Tho’  not  only  the  Characters,  but  the 
Language  of  the  whole  Play  almoft,  be  bor- 
row’d from  Shahejpear : yet  where  the  Lan- 
guage is  rough  or  obfolete,  our  Author  has 
taken  care  to  polilh  it:  as  to  give,  inftead  of 
many,  one  Inftance.  Shakefpear  s Duke  of  Fi' 
enna  lays  thus  (*)  ; 

1 love  the  Teople  ; 

But  do  not  like  to  Stage  me  to  their  Eyes : 

7 hough  it  do  welly  T do  not  relifh  well 
Their  loud  Applaufe^  and  Aves  vehement : 

Nor  do  I think  the  Man  of  fafe  difcretioKy 
That  does  affefi  it. 

(l,>  Mc<t[ure  ftf  Mwfurc 3 AS.  1.  Sc.  b 

Ih 


Dramatick  Poets.  109 

In  Sr.  Williams  Play  the  Duke  fpeaks  as 
follows  (m) ; 

_ / love  the  People  ; 

But  would  not  on  the  Stage  fa  lute  the  Croud. 
I never  relijlst  their  ytpplanje  ; nor  think 
The  Prince  has  true  difcretion  who  affefits  it. 
For  the  Plot,  I refer  you  to  the  abovemen tion’d 
Plays,  in  the  Account  of  Shakejpear. 

Love  and  Honour , a Tragi-Comedy  which  I 
have  feveral  times  feen  ailed  with  good  ap- 
plaufe;  firft  at  the  Play-houfein  1 .incolns-Inn- 
Fields , and  lince  at  the  Theatre  in  Dorfct-Gar- 
den.  This  was  firft  printed  in  quarto. 

Mads  theCMaJler , a Comedy  which  I think 
I have  feen  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Houfe ; how- 
ever I am  fure  the  Defign,  and  part  of  the  Lan- 
guage is  borrow’d  from  Scan  on’s  Jodelet,  ou  Le 
Maijlre  valet ; and  (as  I remember)  part  from 
L'Heritier  ridicule , a Comedy  of  the  fame 
Authors. 

Platonick  Lovers , a Tragi-Comedy,  which 
was  firft  printed  in  oilavo  with  The  Wits. 

Play-houje  to  he  Let.  I know  not  under  what 
Species  to  place  this  Play,  it  eonfifting  of  feve- 
ral Pieces  of  different  Kinds  handfomely  tackt, 
together,  feveral  of  which  the  Author  writ  in 
the  Times  of  Oliver , and  were  ailed  feparate- 
ly  by  ftealth ; as  the  Hiftory  of  Sr  .Francis  Brake. 
expreft  by  Inftrumental,  and  Vocal  Mufick,and 
by  Art  of  Perfpeitive  in  Scenes,  fyc.  The  Cru- 
elty of  the  Spaniards  in  Peru.  Thefe  two  Pieces 
were  firft  printed  in  quarto.  They  make  the 
third  and  fourth  Ails  of  this  Play.  The  fecond 
(m)  Law  agnin/l  Uytri,  Aft  1.  Sc.  1, 


Ail 


no  An  Account  of  the 

Act  confifts  of  a French  Farce,  tranflated  from 
Molliere’s  Sganarelleyu  Le  Cocu  Imaginaire,  and 

fort  o ijar- 
come  over. 
travejtie , or 

the  Aitions  of  Cafar  Antony  and  Cleopatra  in 
Verfe  Burlefque.  This  Farce  I have  feen  ailed 
at  the  Theatre  in  Dorfet -garden  fome  years  ago, 
at  the  end  of  that  excellent  T raged  y of  Tompey j 
tranflated  by  the  incomparable  Pen  of  the 
much  admired  Orinda. 

Siege  of  Rhodes , in  two  Parts.  Thele  Plays 
were  likewife  in  the  times  of  the  Civil  Wars^ 
ailed  in  Stilo  Recitative,  and  printed  in  quarto, 
but  afterwards  enlarged  by  the  Author,  and 
ailed  with  applaufe  at  the  Duke  of  Tork' s The- 
atre in  Lincolns -Inn- Fields.  It  is  dedicated  to 
the  Right  Honourable  the  Earl  of  Clarendon 
Lord  High  Chancellor  of  England.  For  the 
Plot,  as  far  as  it  is  founded  on  Hiflory,  there 
are  feveral  Hiftorians'  have  writ  of  it  in  the 
Life  of  Solyman  the  fecond,  who  took  this  City 
in  the  year  iyii.  See  Thomas  Art  us  Continua- 
tion de  iHitloire  des  Turcs.  Giov.Bofio.  L’/Jloria 
della  Sacra  Religione  fy  Illm  Militia  di  San  Gio- 
vanni Gierofolimitano,  lib.  2.9.  BoiJJardi  leones 
fy  Vitae  Sultanornm  Turcicorum , &c.  in  Vit. 
Solym.  a.  Knolles  Hiflory  of  the  T arks,  fyc. 

Siege,  a Tragi-Comedy. 

News  from  Tlimouth ; a Comedy  formerly 
ailed  at  the  Globe  with  good  fuccefs,  and  was 
printed  (as  I believe)  in  quarto. 

Temple  of  Love , p relented  by  the  Queens 
Majefly,  [Wife  to  King  Charles  i\\<z  Fir  ft]  and 

her 


purpolely  oy  our  Author  put  into  a 
gon  common  to  French-men  newly 
The  fifth  Ail  confifts  of  Tr  age  die 


Dramatick  Poets.  in 

her  Ladies  at  Whitehall.:  viz.  The  Lady  Mar- 
quefs  Hamilton ; the  Lady  CMary  Herbert ; 
Countefs  of  Oxford;  Berkfoire  ; Carnarvon  ; 
&c.  The  Lords,  and  others  that  reprefented 
the  noble  Perfian  Youths  were,  The  Duke  of 
Lenox  ; the  Earls  of  Newport ; Befmond;  &c. 
‘This  Mafque  (lays  the  Author)  for  the  new- 
* nefs  of  the  Invention,  variety  of  Scenes,  Ap- 
‘ paritions,  and  richnefs  of  Habits,  was  gene- 
‘ rally  approv’d  to  be  one  of  the  molt  Magnifi- 
cent that  hath  been  done  in  England. 

Triumphs  of  the  Prince  d' Amour,  a Mafque 
prefented  by  his  Highnefs  at  his  Pallace  in  the 
Middle -Temple.  This  Mafque,  at  the  Requeft 
of  that  Honourable  Society,  was  devis’d  and 
written  by  our  Author  in  Three  days ; and 
was  prefentecHby  the  Members  thereof  as  an 
Entertainment  to  the  Prince  Elector.  A Lilt 
of  the  Mafquers  Names,  as  they  were  rank’d 
by  their  Antiquity,  in  that  noble  Society,  is 
to  be  found  at  the  end  of  the  Mafque, to  which 
I refer  the  curious  Reader.  The  Mufick  off 
the  Songs  and  Symphonies  were  excellently 
compos’d  by  Mr  .Henry,  and  yit.William  Latvr.s 
his  Majeflies  Servants. 

IVits , a Comedy  heretofore  ailed  at  the 
Black  friars,  and  fince  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre ; 
printed  both  in  oilavo,  and  quarto,  before  this 
New  Edition,  and  dedicated  to  the  chie  fly  be- 
lov’d  of  all,  that  Ingenious  and  Nobbe,  En- 
dimion  Porter,  of  his  Majeflies  Bed-Chamber. 
This  Play  is  commended  by  a Copy  of  Verfes 
written  by  Mr.  Thomas  Carew,  and  has  often 
appear’d  on  the  Stage  with  Applauje, 

' Ha- 


1 1 2 A?t  Account  of  the 

Having  done  with  his  Plays,  I am  now  to 
{peak  of  his  other  Works,  which  confift  of 
Poems,  of  feveral  forts,  and  on  feveral  Occa- 
fions,  amongft  which  Gondibert  an  Epick  Poem 
has  made  the  greateft  noife.  This  Poem  was 
defign’d  by  the  Author  to  be  an  Imitation  of  an 
Englilh  Dramma ; it  being  to  be  divided  into 
Five  Books,  as  the  other  is  into  Five  Ads ; 
The  Cantos  to  be  the  Parallel  of  the  Scenes ; 
with  this  difference,  that  this  is  deliver’d  Nar- 
ratively, the. other  Dialogue-wife.  The  Reader 
may  find  a long  account  of  the  Author’s  de- 
sign, and  his  Reafons  in  the  Preface,  which  is 
direded  to  his  F riend,  the  fo  well  known  Mr. 
Hobbs ; who  not  only  approves  his  Defign,  but 
in  the  Clofe  of  his  Letter  fixes  an  extraordi- 
nary Complement  upon  him:  viz.  ‘The Vir- 
tues you  diftribute  in  jour  Toem,  amongft  fo 
‘ many  Noble  Perfons,  reprefent  (in  the  Read- 
ying) the  image  but  of  One  Man’s  Virtue  to 
*my  fancy,  which  is  your  own.  Nor  was  Mr. 
Hobbs  the  only  Perfon  that  commended  this 
Poem : for  the  firft  and  fccond  Books  were 
ufher’d  into  the  world,  by  the  Pens  ol  two  of 
our  beft  Poets : viz.  Mt.fValler,  and  Mr  .Cowley; 
which  One  would  have  thought  might  have 
prov’a'  a fufficient  Defence  and  Protedion  a- 
gainft  vthe  fnarling  Criticks.  Notwithftanding 
which.  Four  Eminent  Wits  of  that  Age,  (two 
of  which  were  Sr.  John  ‘Denham  , and  Mr. 
Donne,)  publifht  feveral  Copies  of  Verfes  to 
Sr.  tVittiam’s  difcredit,  under  this  Title,  Cer- 
tain Verfes  written  by  feveral  of  the  Authors 
Friends , to  bg  reprinted  with  the  fee  and  Edition ■ 


Drmmtkk  Poets,  i i j 

$f  Gondibert , in  o&avo  Lond.  i6y:}.  Thefe 
Verfes  were  anfwer’d  (as  Mr.  Wood  fays  (")  ) 
by  the  Author  himfelf,  with  as  much,  or  ra- 
ther more  Wit,  and  little  or  no  concern  for 
their  Raillery,  rather  feemiiig  to  {port  at,  and 
pity  their  want  ol  Sence.  The  Title  of  his 
Anfwer  is,  The  Incomparable  Toem  Gondibert 
’vindicated  from  the  Wit-Combats  of  Four  E- 
J quires  ; Clinks y Dametas,  Sane  ho,  and  Jack. 
Puddingy  printed  in  o£tavo  Lond.  i6yy.  The 
Books  being  fcarce,  l (hall  for  the  Readers  di- 
ve rfion,  chufe  one  out  of  each  of  thefe,  as  a 
Sample  of  the  reft : and  amongft  the  former  1 
lhall  pitch  upon  that  Copy  which  refle6ls  on 
the  Commendations  given  by  thole  great  Men 
above-mention’d  (°).  ' 

The  Author  upon  Himlelf. 

I am  Old  Davenant  with  my  Fnjlian  Quill ; 
Tho  skill  I have  not , 

I muft  be  writing  Jlill 
On  Gondibert, 

That  is  not  worth  a Fart . 

Waller,^  Cowley, ’r/r  truefhave  prais'd  thy  Book ;■ 
But  how  untruly 
dll  they  that  read  may  look  ; 

Nor  can  Old  Hobbs 
Defend  me  from  dry  Bobbs. 

Then  no  more  I'll  dabble , nor  pump  Fancy  dry  y 
To  compofe  a Fable , 

Shall  make  Will.  Crof  ts  to  cryy 
0 gentle  Knight , 

Thou  writf  to  them  that  Jhite. 
t»  Amq,  om.  p.  i$s.  (o)'f^77- 


1 14 


An  Account  of  the 
Sr.  Williams  AnJ'wer  (?). 

The  Author  upon  Himfelf. 

Falfe  as  Foolijh ! What  turn  felo  de  me  ? 
Davenant  kill  Davenant ! 

Noj  the  whole  World  does  fee 
Gondibert, 

To  he  a piece  of  Art. 

Waller  and  Cowley,  true  fume  prais'd  my  Bookr 
And  defervedly1 
Play  I did for  it  look ; 

He  both  us  robbsj 
That  blame . >r  this  Old  Hobbs. 


Write  on  (jeer  ATill)  and  write  inTaniofle, 
That's  over  Tump -ho. 

And  for  W ill  Crofts  his  baffle , 

Thou  may'Jt  long  write , 

That  writ' ft  to  them  that  pit  e. 

Many  other  Railleries  were  broacht  againft 
him  by  his  Enemies,  as  thofe  Lines  in  St.John 
Sucklin’ s SeJJion  of  the  Toets;  the  Ballad  entitled 
How  'Daphne  pays  his  Debts  (a),  and  others 
which  I might  infert ; but  I think  ’tis  time  to 
leave  thefe  trifles,  and  acquaint  my  Readers, 
who  are  delighted  with  Criticifmes,  that  they 
may  find  more  ferious  Animadverlions  on  this. 
Poem,  in  the  Englifh  Preface  written  by  that 
admirable  Critick  Mr.  Rymer , to  his  Tranfla- 
tion  of  Monlieur  Rapin' s Reflexions  on  Art- 
folk's  Treatife  of  'Toejy,  printed  8°  Lond.i6’~^.. 

This  great  Man  Died  on  the  Seventh  day  of 
Apt  if  166S.  Aged  63,  and  was  Buried  amongfl 

(0)  Fag.  14.  (9)  tlmirrml)  8°*  p.  zo» 


t\k 


Dramatick  Poctf.  tt§ 

the  Poets  in  WeBminjler-^bhy,  near  to  his  old 
Antagonift,  and  Rival  for  the  Bays,  Wit. Thomas 
i3fay.  ’Twas  obferv’d,  that  at  his  Funeral  his 
Collin  wanted  the  Ornament  of  his  Laureats 
Crown,  which  by  the  Law  of  Heraldry  julfcly 
appertain’d  to  him : but  this  omiffion  is  fuf- 
ficiently  recompenc’d  by  an  Eternal  Fame , 
which  will  always  accompany  his  Memory ; 
he  having  been  the  firft  Introducer  of  all  that 
is  fplendid  in  our  Englxlh  Opera’s,  and  ’tis  by 
his  means  and  induftry,  that  our  Stage  at  pre- 
sent rivals  the  Italian  Theatre.  I fiiall  con- 
clude his  Character,  with  that  Account  which 
Mr.  2)ry  den  has  formerly  given  of  him,  which 
is  the  more  valuable,  becaufe  the  commenda- 
tion of  his  Predeceflbrs  is  feldome  the  Subje££ 
ol  his  Pen.  4 In  the  time(r)  (fays  he)  that  I 
4 writ  with  Sr.  William  ‘Davenant,  I had  the 
4 opportunity  to  obferve  fomewhat  more  near- 
4 ly  of  him,  than  I had  formerly  done,  when 
4 1 had  only  a bare  acquaintance  with  him.  I 
4 found  him  then  of  fo  quick  a Fancy,  that  no- 
4 thing  was  propos’d  to  him  on  which  he 
4 could  not  fuddenly  produce  a Thought  ex- 
4 treamly  pleafant  and  furprifing : and  thole 
4 firft  Thoughts  of  his,  contrary  to  the  old 
4 Latine  Proverb,  Were  not  always  the  least 
4 happy.  And  as  his  Fancy  was  quick,  fo  like- 
4 wife  were  the  Products  of  it  remote  and  new. 
4 He  borrow’d  not  of  any  other ; and  his  Imagi- 
nations were  fuch,  as  could  not  enter  into 
4 any  other  Man.  His  Corrections  were  fober 
4 and  judicious : and  he  corrected  his  owh 
(r)  Preface  to  Temp  eft. 


ii  6 An  Account  of  the 

4 Writings  much  more  feverely  than  thofe  of 
( another  Man ; bellowing  twice  the  labour  and 
c time  in  Polilhing,  which  he  us’d  in  Inven- 
c tion.  Si  Jic  omnia  dixijfet , 

Dr.  Charles  Davenant. 

This  Gentleman  (as I fuppofe)  is  now  liv- 
ing : being  Son  of  the  above-mention’d  Sx.WiH 
Ham  'Davenant,  and  Dr.  of  Laws.  He  has  (as 
I have  been  inform’d)  a fliare  in  the  prefent 
Theatre,  in  right  of  his  Father ; and  is  jointly 
impower’d  with  the  Mailer  of  the  Revels,  to 
infpeil  the  Plays  defign’d  for  the  Stage,  that 
no  Immoralities  may  be  prefented.  This  Gen- 
tleman has  writ  a Play  call’d 

Circe , a Tragedy  ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnels 
the  Duke  of  Torkj,  Theatre,  printed  in  quarto 
Loud.  1677.  The  Prologue  was  writ  by  Mr. 
Dryden , and  the  Epilogue  by  the  late  Earl  of 
Rochefter.  This  Play,  I have  feen  ailed  with 
good  applaule : The  Plot  is  founded  on  Poeti- 
cal Hiltory.  Sec  Ovid’s  Metamorph.  lib. 14..  See 
befides  Boccace , 'Phil.  Bergomenfis , Nat.  Comesy 
&c.  The  Scenes  and  Machines  may  give  it  a 
Title  to  that  Species  of  Dramatick  Poetry  3 
call’d  an  Opera. 

Robert  Davenport* 

The  Author  of  Two  Plays  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Martyr  ; tho’  not  publifht  till 
the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Second : viz. 

City  Night -Cap]  or  Crede  %wd  habesfe  babes. 

. aTra- 


Dramatick  Potts,  1 1 7 

a Tragi-Cotnedy,  ailed  with  great  applaufe,  by 
her  Majeflies  Servants  at  the  “Phoenix  in  “Drury 
Lane  ; printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1661.  The  Plot 
of  Lorenzo , Philippo , and  Abjlemia , is  borrow’d 
from  the  Novel  or  the  Curious  Impertinent  in 
the  Romance  of  Don  Quixot,  Part  4.  Ch.6,7,8, 
and  that  of  Lodovico,  Francifco , and  Dorothea , 
from  Boccace' s Novels , Day  7.  Novel  7.  on 
which  likewile  part  of  Mr.  Ravenf croft  s Lon- 
don Cuckolds  is  built. 

King  John,  and  Matilda , a Tragedy  ailed  with 
great  applaufe,  by  her  Majeflies  Servants  at 
the  Cock-pit  in  Drwy-lane , printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  16??.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Mountague  Bertie  Earl  of  Lindfey; 
by  the  Publifher  Andrew  Penny  cuickp,  who 
acled  the  part  of  Matilda , Women  in  thofe 
times  not  having  appear’d  on  the  Stage.  For 
the  Plot  read  the  Englifh  Chronicles  that  have 
given  an  account  of  the  Reign  of  King  John  ; 
as  Mathew  Paris , Poly  don  Vergil , Hottingfhead. \ 
Grafton , Danyel,  Martin , Stow,  Speed,  Baker a 
Churchil,  &c. 

Robert  Daborn  yctlias  Dauborne  > 

This  Gentleman  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
James  the  Firfl,  and  was  a Mafler  of  Arts,  tho’ 
of  which  Univerfity  I am  uncertain.  He  writ 
Two  Plays,  viz. 

Chrijlian  turn’d  Turk,  or  The  Tragical  Lives 
and  Deaths  of  the  two  Famous  Pirates  Ward 
and  Danfiker : a Tragedy  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  ifaz.  For  the  Story  I refer  you  to  a 

H 5 Piece 


1 18  An  Account  of  the 

Piece  call’d  Barker  s Overthrow  of  Captain  Ward 
and  Danfiker,  two  Pirates  i printed  in  quarto 
Land.  1609.  from  which  Narrative,  I fuppofe 
pur  Author  borrow’d  the  Story. 

Poor  Mans  Comfort , a Tragi-Comedy  divers 
times  ailed  at  the  Cockpit  in  Drury -lane  ^ with 
great  applaufe,  and  printed  in  4 0 Lond.  i6t>y. 

Tho’  this  Author  in  his  Epiflle  to  his  Chri- 
stian turn'd  Turk,  fpeaks  of  his  former  Labours  ; 
It  has  not  been  my  fortune  to  have  feen  any  of 
them.  There  is  a Sermon  written  by  One  Ro- 
bert Ddborn , on  Zach.  11.  *7.  printed  in  oilavo 
Lond.  1618.  whether  this  were  the  fame  with 
pur  Author  I know  not,  but  ’tis  probable  it 
might  be,  and  that  he  was  a Divine,  by  thi$ 
Piftick  which  I find  in  an  old  Copy  on  the 
Time  Poets  ; 

Daw  bourn  I had forgot , and  let  it  be , 

Tie  dyd  Amphibion  by  the  Minify, 

John  Day. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  Ring 
fames  the  Firft,  and  was  fometime  Student  of 
Caius-Colledge  in  Cambridge.  He  has  written 
SiXvPlays,  if  his  Parliament  of  Bees  may  pafs 
pnder  that  Species ; as  the  Authors  of  all  for- 
mer Catalogues  have  plac’d  it.  4 

Blind  Beggar  of  Bednal-Green , with  the 
merry  Humour  of  Tom  Stroud  the  Norfolk 
Yeoman,  divers  times  publickly  ailed  by  the 
princes  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  London 
1 6s 9-  For  the  Plot  as  far  as  it  concerns, 
Hiilory,  confult  the  Writers  on  the  Reign  of 

King 


Dramatick  Poets7.  1 19 

King  Henry  the  Sixth : as  Fabian , Caxton , Du 
Cheque , ?V.  ?rgi/,  Grafton , Stow,  Speedy  Sec. 

Humour  out  of  Breath , a Comedy  laid  to  be 
writ  by  our  Author,  but  which  I never  law, 
and  therefore  can  fay  nothing  of  it. 

IJle  of  Gulls  p,  Comedy  often  ailed  in  the  Black 
Fryars , by  the  Children  of  the  Revels,  printed 
in  40  Lond.  163  3.  This  is  a good  Play,  and  is 
founded  on  the  incomparable  Sr.  'Philip  Sidney’ % 
Arcadia:  A Romance  of  that  elleem,  that  belides 
the  frequent  Editions  of  it  in  Englilh,  I have 
feen  it  tranflated  for  the  ufe  of  Foreigners, 
both  in  the  French  and  Dutch  Tongues. 

Law  Tricks , or  JVho  would  have  thought  itf 
a Comedy  divers  times  ailed. by  the  Children 
of  the  Revels,  and  printed  in  quarto  Lend  1 60S. 

Parliament  of  Bees , with  their  propet  Cha- 
racters , or  A Bee-hive  furnifht  with  Twelve 
Honey-combs,  as  pleafant  as  prof  table : being  an 
allegorical  defcription  of  the  Aitions  of  good 
and  bad  men  in  thefe  our  days, printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1641.  and  dedicated  to  the  Worthy  Gen- 
tleman Mr.  George  Butler , Profeflor  of  the  Arts 
Liberal,  and  true  Patron  of  negleiled  Poefy. 

Travels  of  the  Three  Englif)  Brothers , Sr. 
Thomas , Sr.  Anthony,  and  Mi.  Robert  Shirleys 
a Hiliory  play’d  by  her  Majelties  Servants, 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  i6op.  and  dedicated  to 
Honors  Favourites,  and  the  intire  Friends  of 
the  Family  of  the  Shirleys.  In  the  Compofure 
of  this  Play  our  Author  was  affiflsd  by  Mr  Wil- 
liam Rowley , and  Mr.  George  Wilkins.  The 
foundation  of  it  may  be  read  in  feveral  Englifh 
"Writers, and.  Chronicles:  particularly  I have 
IU  feen 


1 20  An  Account  of  tfo 

fcen  it  in  Dr.  Fuller  ’s  JV or  t hies,  in  his  Dcicrip^ 
tion  of  Sujj'ex  (f).  Where  the  Author  fpeak- 
ing  of  the  fubjedt  of  this  Comedy  fays  thus : 

4 As  to  the  Performances  of  thefe  Three  Bre- 
4 thren,  I know  the  Affidavit  of  a Poet  carries 
? but  a finall  credit  in  the  Court  of  Hiftory, 
4 and  the  Comedy  made  of  them  is  but  a Friend- 
ly Foe  to  their  Memory,  as  fufpeftcd  more 
4 accommodated  to  pleafe  the  prefent  Spedta- 
4 tors,  than  to  inform  Poflerity.  However  as 
4 the  belief  of  Mitio  (when  an  Inventory  of 
4 his  adopted  Sons  Mildemeanors  was  brought 
4tp  him)  embrac’d  a middle  and  moderate 
4 way,  nec  omnia  credere,  nec  nihil;  neither  to 
‘believe  all  things,  nor  nothing  of  what  was 
t told  him  : fo  in  the  Lift  of  their  Atchievements , 
4 we  may  fafeiy  pitch  on  the  fame  Proportion, 
4 and  when  abatement  is  made  for  Toetical Em- 
4 belijhments,  the  remainder  will  fpeak  them 
4 worthy  in  their  Generations. 

When  our  Author  Died  I know  not,  but  I 
have  read  an  Elegy  written  on  him  by  his 
Friend  Mr.  Tateham  (‘),  which  begins  thus ; 

Don  Phoebus  now  hath  loft  his  Light , 

And  left  his  Rule  unto  the  Night ; 

And  Cynthia  Jhe  hath  overcome 
The  day,  arid  darkned  the  Sun  : 

JVherehy  we  now  have  loft  our  hope, 

Of  gaining  Day  ins  Horofcope , &c. 

At  this  jingling  rate  he  runs  on  to  the  end, 
much  after  the  rate  of  a Gentleman  of  Lincolns 
Inn,  who  writ  a more  ingenious  Poem,  upon. 

(\)  fag.  107.  &(.  (r)  Fancy’s  ibeetxu 


Dramatick  Poets.  121 

the  Tranfa&ions  between  a Landlord  and  his 
Tenant  T>ay,  who  privately  departed  from 
him  by  Night ; printed  in  a Angle  Sheet, Lond. 
1584.  Tolhew  the  Parallel  give  me  leave  to 
tranferibe  the  firft  fix  Lines,  by  which  the 
Reader  may  guefs  at  the  Reft. 

Here  Night,  and  Day  confpire  a fecret flight ; 

For  Day  they  fay  is  gone  a way  by  Night. 

TheDzy  is paflflut  Landlord  vohere's your  Rent , 

Tou  might  ha'Jeen,  that  Day  was  aimojl [pent. 

Day  fold,  and  did put  off  what  ere  he  mighty 

Tho  it  was  ne're  Jo  Dark , Day  would  be  Light. 

Thomas  Decker. 

A Poet  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King  James 
the  Firft,  and  was  Contemporary  with  that 
admirable  Laureate  Mr.  Benjamin  Johnfon.  He 
was  more  ramous  for  the  contention  he  had 
with  him  for  the  Bays,  than  for  any  great  Re- 
putation he  had  gain’d  by  his  own  W ritings. 
Yet  even  in  that  Age,  he  wanted  not  his  Ad- 
mirers, nor  his  Friends  amongft  the  Poets : in 
which  number  I reckon  the  Ingenious  Mr. 
Richard  Rrome ; who  always  fill'd  him  by  the 
Title  of  Father.  He  clubb’d  with  Webfter  in 
writing  Three  Plays;  and  with  Rowley  zndFord 
in  another : and  I think  I may  venture  to  fay, 
that  thefe  Plays  as  far  exceed  thofe  of  his  own 
Brain,  as  a platted  Whip-cord  exceeds  a finglc 
Thread  in  ftrength.  Of  thofe  which  he  writ 
alone,  I know  none  of  niuch  Efteem,  except 
The  Untrulfmg  the  Humourous  Toet,  and  that 
v ; chiefly 


222  An  Account  of  the 

chiefly  on  account  of  the  Subjeil  of  it,  which 
was  the  Witty  Ben  Johnfon.  He  has  had  a 
Hand  in  T vvelve  Plays,  Eight  whereof  were  of 
his  own  Writing.  Of  all  which  I fhall  give  an 
account, in  their  Alphabetical  Order, as  follows; 

Fortunatus , a Comedy  ; of  which  I can  give 
no  other  account  than  that  I once  barely  law 
it  and  is  printed  in  quarto. 

Honeft  JVhore , the  Firft  Part;  a Comedy, 
with  the  Humours  of  the  Tatient  Man , and  the 
longing  Wife,  ailed  by  her  Ma  jefti.es  Servants 
with  great  applanfe ; printed  in  40  Lond.i6^s^ 

Honejl  Whore , the  Second  Part ; a Comedy, 
with  the  Humours  of  the  Tatient  Man , the  Im- 
patient Wife  ; the  Honejl  Whore, perfwaded  by 
ilrong  Arguments  to  turn  Curtizan  again : her 
brave  refuting  thofe  Arguments ; and  laflly  the 
Comical  paflage  of  an  Italian  Bridewel , where 
the  Scene  ends : printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1630. 
This  Play  I believe  was  never  ailed,  neither 
is  it  divided  into  Ails.  The  paflage  between 
the  Tatient  Man , and  his  Impatient  Wife's  go- 
ing to  fight  for  the  Breeches,  with  the  happy 
Event,  is  exprefl  by  Sr.  John  Harrington  in 
Verfe.  See  his  Epigrams  at  the  end  of  Orlando 
Furiofo,  Book  1.  Epigr.  16. 

If  this  be  not  a good  Tlay , the  IP  evil  is  in  it, 
a Comedy  ailed  with  great  applaufe,  by  the 
Queen’s  Majeflies  Servants,  at  the  Red  Bull ; 
printed  Lond.  1 6—  and  dedicated  to  his  loving, 
and  loved  Friends  and  Fellows,  the  Queens 
Majeflies  Servants:  by  which  he  means  the 
Ailors.  The  beginning  of  his  Play,  feems  to 
be  writ  in  imitation  of  Matchiavd'%  Novel  of 
Bel- 


Dramatick  Poets.  ' 1 2 $ 

Belphegor : where  SP/w/o  fummons  the  Devils 
to  Councel. 

Match  me  in  London , a Tragi-Comedy  often 
prefented,  firft  at  the  Bull  in  St.  John's  Street , 
and  lately  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Drury -lane', 
call’d  the  Thcenix  ; printed  in  quarto  Lond  163 1. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Noble  Lover  (and  de- 
fervedly  Beloved  ) of  the  Mufes,  Lodowick 
Carlel  Efquire.  Some  account  this  a tolerable 
pld  Play. 

Northward-Mo,  a Comedy  fundry  times  a£led 
by  the  Children  of  Tends,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1607.  This  Play  was  writ  by  our  Au~ 
thor,  and  John  IVebfter.  The  Plot  of  Green - 
Jhield  and  Featherjlone’ s pretending  to  May- 
berry that  they  had  both  lain  with  his  Wife, 
and  how  they  came  to  the  knowledge  of  each 
other  by  her  Ring,  AB 1.  Sc.  1.  is  founded  on 
a Novel  which  is  in  the  Ducento  NoveUe  del 
Signior  Celio  Malefpini , Par.  1.  Nov.  2. 

Satyr omajtix,  or  The  Untrujjing  the  Humour- 
ous Toet,  a Comical  Satyr  prefented  publickly 
by  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lord  Chamber - 
latns  Servants,  and  privately  by  the  Children 
of  Tauls , printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1602.  and 
dedicated  to  the  World.  This  Play  was  writ 
on  the  occalion  of  Ben  JohnJons  Toet  after, 
where  under  the  Title  of  ChriJ'pinus , Ben 
lafh’d  our  Author,  which  he  endeavour’d  to 
retaliate  by  Untruffing  Ben  under  the  Title  of 
Horace  Junior.  This  Play  is  far  inferior  to 
that  of  Mr .Johnfon,  as  indeed  his  abilities  in 
Poetry  were  no  ways  comparable  to  his : but 
this  may  be  laid  in  pur  Author’s  behalf  that 
1 ’twas 


I 24  An  Account  of  the 

’twas  not  only  lawful,  but  excufable  for  him 
to  defend  himfelf : pray  therefore  hear  part  of 
his  Defence  in  his  own  language,  and  then 
cenfureas  you  pleafe.  ( Horace  (fays  he  (u)  ) 

•*  trail’d  his  Toet  afters  to  the  Bar,  the  Voetafters 
4 Untrufs’d  Horace  ; how  worthily  either,  or 
4 how  wrongfully,  ( World ) leave  it  to  the  Jury: 

4 Horace  (queflionlefs)  made  himfelf  believe 
4 that  his  Burgonian-voit  might  defperately  chal- 
4 lenge  all  Comers,  and  that  none  durlfc  take 
4 up  the  Foyles  again!!  him.  Its  likely,  if  he 
4 had  not  fo  believ’d,  he  had  not  been  fo 
4 deceiv’d,  for  he  was  anfwer’d  at  his  own 
4 Weapon : And  if  before  Apollo  himfelf  (who 
4 is  Coronator  Toetarum)  an  Inquifttion  fliould 
4 be  taken  touching  this  lamentable  merry 
4 murdering  of  Innocent  Poetry : all  Mount 
4 He llic on  to  Bun-hill,  would  find  it  on  the 
4 Toet  afters  fide  /i?  defendendo. 

Weft-ward- Ho,  a Comedy  divers  times  ailed 
by  the  Children  of  Tauls,  and  printed  in  quarto 
Bond.  1607.  This  was  writ  by  our  Author 
and  Mr.  Webfter. 

Whore  of  Babylon , an  Hiflory,  ailed  by  the 
Prince’s  Servants,  and  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
1 607.  The  defign  of  this  Play  is  under  feign’d 
Names  to  fat  forth  the  admirable  Virtues  of 
Queen  Elizabeth , and  the  Dangers  which  fhe 
efcap’d,  by  the  happy  difcovery  of  thofe  De- 
ligns  againfl  her  Sacred  Perfon  by  the  Jefuites, 
and  other  Biggoted  Papifis.  The  Queen  is  fha- 
dow’d  under  the  Title  of  Titania  ; Rome  under 
that  of  Babylon ; Campian  the  Jefuite  is  repre- 

(w)  Sec  E.'iiUc  Dedicatory* 

fented 


Dramatick  Poets,  125 

feu  ted  by  the  Name  of  Campeius  ; Dr.  Parry 
by  Tarridel , &c. 

Wyat's  Hiflory,  a Play  faid  to  be  writ  by 
Him  and  Webfier , and  printed  in  quarto.  Tho* 
I never  faw  this  flay,  yet  I fuppofe  the  fubje£fc 
of  it  is  Sr.  Thomas  Wyat  of  Kent,  who  made 
an  Infurre£lion  in  theFirft  year  of  Queen  Mary 
to  prevent  her  Match  with  Philip  of  Spain  : 
but  as  this  is  only  conjeilure,  I mull  reft  in 
fufpence  till  I can  fee  the  Play. 

Befides  thefe  Plays  he  joyn’d  ^ith  Rowley 
and  Ford  in  a Play  call’d  The  Witch  oj Edmonton, 
of  which  you  will  find  an  account  in  William 
Rowley.. 

There  are  Four  other  Plays  aferib’d  to  our 
Author,  in  which  he  is  faid  hy  Mr.  Philips  (*) 
and  Mr.  Winjlanley  (*)  to  be  an  Aflociate  with 
'John  Webfier  ; viz.  Noble  Stranger  ; New  Trick, 
to  Cheat  the  T)evil ; IVeakeJl  goes  to  the  Wall; 
Woman  mil  have  her  Will In  all  which  they 
are  miftaken;  for  the  firft  was  written  by 
Lewis  Sharp,  and  the  otl\cr  by  anonymous 
Authors. 

Sir  John  Denham,  Knight 
' of  the  B ATH. 

A Poet  of  thefirftForm,  whofe  Virtue  and 
Memory  will  ever  be  as  dear  to  all  Lovers  of 
Poetry,  as  his  Perfon  was  to  Majefty  it  felf ; 
I mean,  King  Charles  the  Firft,  and  Second. 


(n)  Modem  Volts',  p,  n6.  (3)  Lives  of  the  Peetsp.t  37. 

He 


126  An  Account  of  the 

He  was  the  only  Son  of  Sir  John  'Denham  of 
little  Horejly  in  EJfex,  but  Born  at  Dublin  in 
Ireland.  His  Father  being  at  the  time  of  his 
Nativity  a Judge  of  that  Kingdome,  and  Lord 
Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer.  But  before  the 
Foggy  Air  of  that  Climate,  could  influence, 
or  any  way  adulterate  his  Mind,  he  was  brought 
from  thence  his  Father  being  prefer’d  to  be 
One  of  the  Barons  of  the  Exchequer  in  England, 
At  Sixteen  years  of  Age,  in  the  Year  1631.  he 
was  taken  from  School,  and  fent  to  the  Uni- 
verfity  of  Oxford \ where  he  became  a Member 
of  Trinity  Colledge.  In  this  Society  he  fpent 
fome  years ; after  he  was  remov’d  again  to  Lon - 
don , and  follow’d  the  Study  of  the  Civil  Law. 

The  Civil  War  breaking  out,  this  Honour- 
able Perfon  exerted  his  Loyalty  fo  far,  that 
upon  the  voluntary  offer  of  his  Service,  he 
was  intrufted  by  the  Queen,  to  deliver  a Met- 
fage  to  his  Majefty,  (?)  4 Who  at  that  time  {viz. 
4 in  1647.)  was  in  the  hands  of  the  Army.  By 
4 Hugh  'Peters's  Affiftance  he  got  admittance 
4 to  the  King,  who  was  then  at  Caufham , and 
4 having  deliver’d  his  Inftru&ions,  his  Majefty 
4 was  pleafed  to  difcourfe  very  freely  with  him 
4 of  the  whole  ftate  of  Affairs ; and  at  his  de~ 
4 parture  from  Hampton  - Court  ^ he  was  pleas’d 
4 to  command  him  to  ftay  privately  in  London , 
4 to  fend  to  him,  and  to  receive  from  him  all 
4 his  Letters  from  and  to  all  his  Correfpon- 
4 dents  at  Home  and  Abroad  ; and  he  was  fur- 
4ther  furnifht  with  Nine  Cyphers  in  order  to 
4 it:  which  Truft  he  performed  with  great. 

VzJ  See  nis  Epittis  to  Jung 'GhUrles  the  Second, 

f,  fa  ft- 


Dramdtick  Poets.  127 

4 fefety  to  the  Perfons  with  whom  he  corre- 
4 fponaed ; but  about  Nine  Months  after,  being 
4difcover’d  by  their  knowledge  of  Mr  .Cowley  % 
4 Hand,  he  happily  efcap’d  beyond-Sea  both  for 
4himfelf,  and  thofe  that  held  Correfpondence 
4 with  hnn.  He  got  fafe  to  His  Majefty  King 
4 Charles  the  Second,  and  during  his  Attend- 
ance on  the  King  in  Holland  and  France , His 
4 Majefty  was  pleas’d  fometimes  to  give  him 
4 Arguments,  to  divert  and’ put  off  the  evil 
4 Hours  of  their  Bamlhment,  which  (as  he 
4 modeftly  exp  relies  himfelf)  now  and  then 
4 fell  not  fhort  of  His  Majefty ’s  Expectation. 

At  His  Majefty’s  departure  from  St  .Germains 
to  Jerjejr,  he  was  pleas’d  without  any  Pollicita- 
tion, to  confer  upon  Sir  John , the  office  of  Sur- 
veyor General  of  all  His  Majefties  Royal  Build- 
ings; and  at  his  Coronation, created  him  Knight 
of  the  Bath.  This  Honor  he  enjoy’d  Eight 
years,  and  then  fur  render’d  up  his  Honor  with 
his  Soul,  on  the  Tenth  day  of  March  in  the 
Year  1668.  at  his  Houfe  near  White-hall,  and 
was  Buried  the  Twenty-third  Inftant  at  Wejt- 
minfter , amongft  thofe  Noble  Poets,  Chaucer „ 
Spencer , and  Cowley. 

After  this  Abridgment  of  his  Life,  I am 
next  to  give  you  a Summary  of  his  Works, 
They  confift  of  Poems,  part  of  which  are  Tran- 
flations ; as  The  ‘DefiruEhon  of  Troy , an  EJfay 
on  the  Second  Book  of  Virgil’r  Asneis,  The 
Tafflon  of  Dido  for  ./Eneas,  being  the  later  parr, 
of  the  Fourth  Hook\Sarpedon  s Speech  to  Glaucus 7 
being  part  of  the  Twelfth  Book  of  Homer  ; 
Two  Pieces  from  the  Italian,  of  Mancinij  upon. 


izS  An  Account  of  tbs 

the  two  fir  ft  Cardinal  Virtues,  ‘Prudence,  arid 
JuBice , &c.  Others,  are  his  own  Productions, 
among!!  which  his  Coopers  Hill  is  molt  com- 
mended ; A Poem , which  (in  the  Opinion  of 
Mr.  ‘Dry den  (a),  who  is  without  contradiction 
a very  able  Judge  in  Poetry)  for  the  Majefty  of 
the  Stile , is,  and  ever  will  be,  the  exaSl  Standard 
of  good  IV siting.  His  Verfes  on  Sir  William  . 
fiat fbaw's  Tranflation  of  IlPaflor  Fido , and 
his  Preface  to  the  ‘Deftruliion  of  Troy,  (hew 
fufficiently  his  Judgment,  and  his  Tranflations  / 
themfelves  his  Genius,  for  Peformances  of  that 
nature  : and  admitting  it  true,  that  few  Ver- 
fions  defer  ve  praife ; yet  His  are  to  be  excepted 
from  the  general  Rule.  His  Elegy  on  Mr, 
Cowley , (part  of  which  we  have  tranferibed 
already  in  the  Account  of  that  great  Man  (b), 
•will  make  his  Name  famous  to  Poflerity : and 
there  wants  nothing  to  eternife  his  Name,  but 
a Pen  equal  to  his,  (if  any  fuch  were  to  be 
found)  to  perform  the  like  Friendly  office  to 
his  Manes. 

He  has  writ  but  one  Play,  but  by  that  Speci- 
men we  may  judge  of  his  ability  in  Dramatick,  . 
as  well  as  Epick  Poefy  ; this  Play  being  gene- 
rally commended.  ’Tis  call’d  'The  Sophy, a Tra- 
gedy, aCled  at  tliePrivate-houfe  in  Blackfriars 
with  good  applaufe:  ’Twas  firffc  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  i6q,x.  but  fince  publiffit  with  his 
Poems  and  Tranflations;  all  which  are  dedi- 
cated to  King  Charles  the  Second.  The  lafl 
Edition  being  printed  in  oCtaVo  Lond.  idyi. 
For  the  Plot  of  this  Play,  it  is  the  fame  with 

(a J fcp.  Lied,  to  l{ival  Lidia,  (b)  Sec  Pig-  83, 

that 


BrAmtiuk  Fbetsl  129 

that  of  Baron  s iSMirza,  (which  Story  you  may 
find  in  Herberts  Trjtif  ls)  tho’  differently  hancU 
led  by  each  Poet : and  tho’  it  has  been  objected 
by  Mr.  Baron,  that.Qi.if. Author  kiilsAbbas  in 
this  Tragedy,  wh6' really  furviv’d  Lome  years 
after  the  Murther  of  his  Son;  it  may  be  an- 
fwer’d,  That  he  did  only  Poetical  Juftice,  and 
took  no  other  Liberty  thail  what  is  fallow’d  by 
HorMe  (c): 

TiBoribus  atque  Toetis 

Quidlibet  audendi  femperfmt  <zqm  Totejlas. 

John  Dover. 

A Gentleman  of  whom  I can  give  no  other 
account  than  what  I learn  from  a Play  he  has 
written;  viz  That  he  was  of  Grays -Inn  ; and 
that  to  divert  himfelf  after  the  Fatigue  of  the 
Law,  he  employ’d  himfelf  in  Reading  Hiftory, 
the  Effects  whereof  produc’d  The  Roman  Ge- 
nerals, or  The  Diftre [fed  Ladies,  a Play  written 
in  Heroick  Verfe,  printed  in  quarto  Londii6qn. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Robert 
Lord  Brook.  The  Plot,  as  far  as  it  concerns 
Hiftory,  may  be  read  in  Tlutarch’ s Lives  o£ 
Cyfar  and  Pompey  ; fee  befides  Suetonius , Lucan, 
<&c.  4 But  the  Author  has  not  (as  he  himfelf 
4 owns  (d)  altogether  follow’d,  nor  yet  declin’d 
4 Hiftory,  leaft  by  the  one,  his  Play  might  be 
4 took  for  a Piece  tranflated  out  of  Livy , or 
4 Lucan. , or  by  the  other  for  an  idle-  Romance  ; 
4 but  like  the  Traveller  for  Delight,  he  has 
4 fometimes  follow’d  and.  fometimes  quitted  his 
4 Rode.  This  Play,  as  I conjecture  from  the 
(c)  be  Arte  Poetic*.  (1)  Epiftle  Dedicatory. 


Pro- 


1 3o  An  Account  of  the 

Prologue  and  Epilogue  was  never  ailed,  they 
being  rather  addrefs’d  to  the  Stationers-  Cufto- 
mers,  than  the  Audience. 

John  Dryden,  Efq; 

APerfon  whofe  Writings  have  made  him  re- 
markable to  all  forts  of  Men,  as  being  for  a long 
tune  much  read,  and  in  great  Vogue.  It  is  no 
wonder  that  the  Characters  given  of  him,  by 
fuch  as  are, or  would  be  thought  Wits,  are  vari- 
ous ; fince  even  thofe,  who  are  generally  allow’d 
to  be  fuch,  are  not  yet  agreed  in  their  Verdiils. 
And  as  their  Judgments  are  different,  as  to  his 
Writings ; fo  are  their  Cenfures  no  lefs  repug- 
nant to  the  Managery  of  his  Life,  fome  excu- 
fing  what  thefe  condemn,  and  fome  exploding 
what  thofe  commend  : So  that  we  can  fcarce 
find  them  agreed  in  any  One  thing,  lave  this, 
That  he  was  Poet  Laureat  and  Hiftoriogra- 
pher  to  His  late  Majefly.  For  this,  and  other 
Reafons,  I fhall  wave  all  Particularities  of  his 
Life ; and  let  pafs  the  Hiftoriographer,  that  I 
may  keep  the  clofer  to  the  Poet,  toward  whom 
I fhall  ufe  my  accuftom’d  Freedome;  and  ha- 
ving fpoken  my  Sentiments  of  his  Predeceflors 
Writings,  fhall  venture  without  partiality,  to 
exercife  my  flender  Judgment  in  giving  a Cen- 
fure  of  his  Works. 

Mr.  'Dryden  is  the  moft  Voluminous  Drama- 
tick  WTriter  of  our  Age,  he  having  already  ex- 
tant above  Twenty  Plays  of  his  own  writing, 
as  the  Title-page  of  each  would  perfwade  the 
World;  tho’  fome  people  have  been  fo  bold 
as  to  call  the  Truth  of  this  in  queftion,  and  to 

propa- 


Dram  At  l ck  Poets.  xji 

propogate  in  the  world  another  Opinion. 

His  Genius  Teems  to  me  to  incline  to  Tragedy 
and  Satyr,  rather  than  Comedy  : and  methinks 
he  writes  much  better  in  Heroichs , than  in 
blanks  Verje.  His  very  Enemies  mull  grant 
that  there  his  Numbers  are  Tweet,  and  flowing ; 
that  he  has  with  TucceTs  pradlic’d  the  new  way 
of  Verfifying  introduc’d  by  his  Predecefior  Mr. 
Waller , and  follow’d  fince  with  TucceTs,  by  Sr. 
John  Denham , and  others.  But  for  Comedy, 
he  is  Tor  the  moil  part  beholding  to  French 
Romances  and  Plays,  not  only  for  his  Plots, 
but  even  a great  part  of  his  Language : tho’ 
at  the  Tame  time,  ne  has  the  confidence  to  pre- 
varicate, if  not  flatly  deny  the  Accufation,  and  I 
equivocally  to  vindicate  himfelf ; as  in  the  Pre- 
face to  the  Mock  AJlrologer : where  he  men- 
tions Thomas  Corneille's  le  Feint  Ajirologue  be- 
caus’d  ’twas  tranflated,  and  the  Theft  prov’d 
upon  him  ; but  never  fays  One  word  of  Mol- 
Here's  Depit  amoreux,  from  whence  the  great- 
eft  part  of  Wild-blood  and  Jacinta , (which  he 
owns  are  the  chiefeft  parts  of  the  Play)  are 
ftollen.  I cannot  pafs  by  his  Vanity  (e)  in 
faying,  ‘That  thole  who  have  called  Virgil \ 

‘ Terence  and  Tajfo , Plagiaries  (tho’  they  much 
‘injur’d  them)  had  yet  a better  Colour  for 
‘ their  Accufation : nor  his  Confidence  in  ffiel- 
tring  himfelf  under  the  proteftion  of  their 
great  Names,  by  affirming,  ‘ That  he  is  able 
‘ to  fay  the  fame  for  his  Play,  that  he  urges  for 
‘their  Poems ; viz.  That  the  Body  of  his  Play 
‘ is  his  own,  and  fb  are  all  the  Ornaments  of 
(e)  Preface  to  timk  Aftrologer. 

I 1 


‘ Lan-, 


i]2  Aft  Amount  of  the 

‘ Language,  and  Elocution  in  them.  I appeal, 
only  to  thofe  who  are  vers’d  in  the  French 
Tongue,  and  will  take  the  pains  to  compare 
this  Comedy  with  the  French  Plays  above- 
mention’d ; if  this  be  not  fomewhat  more  than 
Mental  Refervation,  or  to  ufe  one  of  his  own 
Expreflions,  ( f ) A Sophisticated  Truth,  with  an 
allay  of  Lye  nit. 

Nor  are  his  Charafters  lefs  borrow'd  in  his 
Tragedies,  and  the  ferious  parts  of  his  Tragi- 
comedies ; as  I fhall  obferve  in  the  fequel.  It 
fhall  fuffice  me  at  prefent,  to  fhew  how  Magi- 
flerially  he  huffs  at,  and  domineers  over,  the 
French  in  his  Preface  to  the  Conyuefi  of  Gra- 
nada. ‘ I fhall  never  (fays  he)  fub  j eft  my  Cha- 
‘ rafters  to  the  French  Standard ; wl^ere  Love 
‘and  Honour  are  to  be  weigh’d  by  Drams  and. 
‘ and  Scruples  : yet,  where  I have  defign’d  the 
‘patterns  of  exaft  Virtue,  fuchasin  this  Play 
‘ are  the  Parts  of  Almahide,  of  Oznyn,  and  Ben- 
‘ zaida , I may  fafely  challenge  the  beft  of 
‘theirs.  Now  the  Reader  is  defir’d  to  obferve 
that  all  the  Charafters  of  that  Play  are  ftollen 
from  the  French  : fo  that  Mr.  Dryden  took  a 
fecure  way  to  Conqueft,  for  having  robb’d 
them  of  their  Weapons,  he  might  fafely  chal- 
lenge them  and  beat  them  too,  efpecially  ha- 
ving gotten  Tome  de  Leon  [f)  on  his  fide,  in. 
difguife,  and  under  the  Title  of  Almanzor : and 
fhould  Monfieur  de  Voiture  prefume  to  lay 
claim  to  his , own  Song  L' Amour  J ous  fa  Loy&cc. 
(h)  which  Mr. ‘Dryden  has  robb’d  him  of,  and 

(i ) Love  11  a Huvnery,  p.  5:9.  (g)  The  Chief  Hero  in  a 
Romance  call’d  Jlifialride.  (h)  Poefies  tie  At.de  t'olture^-^y. 

plac’d 


Dramdtick  Poets . 

plac’d  in  the  I’lay  of  Sr.  cj 'Martin  Man-all,  (be- 
ing that  Song  which  begins  Blind  Love  to  this 
Hour  &c.)  orir  Poet  would  go  nigh  to  beat  him 
with  a Staff  of  his  own  Rimes,  with  as  much 
eafe,  as  Sr.  dMartin  defeated  the  Bailiffs  in 
refeue  of  his  Rival. 

But  had  he  only  extended  his  Conquells  over 
the  French  Poets,  I had  not  medled  in  this 
Affair,  arid  he  might  have  taken  part  with 
Achilles , arid  Rinaldo , again!!  Cyrus , and  Oroon- 
dates , without  my  engaging  an  thisForreign 
War:  but  when.  I found  him  fluff  t with  his 
Viffory  over  the  great  Scudery , and  with  Al- 
marizor's  afliflance  triumphing  over  the  noble 
Kingdorae  of  Granada ; and  not  content  with 
Conquells  abroad , like  another  Julius  Crffar, 
turning  his  Arms  upon  His  own  Country ; and 
as  if  the  profcription  of  his  Contemporaries 
Reputation,  were  not  fuflicient  to  latiate  his 
implacable  thirff  after  Fame,  endeavouring  to 
dembliff  the  Statues  and  Monuments  of  liis 
Ancellors,  the  Works  of  tliofe  his  Illuftrious 
Predeceflbrs,  Shake J'f  ear,  Fletcher , and  Johnfon: 
I Was  refolv’ct to  endeavour  the  refeue  and 
prefer vation  of  thofe  excellent  Trophies  of 
Wit,  by  railing  the  ‘Po/fe-comitatus  upon  this 
Poetick  Atinanzor,  to  put  a flop  to  his  Spoils 
upon  his  own  Country-men.  Therefore  I pre- 
lerit  my  feif  a Champion  in  the  Dead  Poets 
Caufe,  to  vindicate  their  Fame,  with  the  fame 
Cprirage,  tho’  I hope  different  Integrity  than. 
Almanzor  engag’d  in  defence  of  Queen  Alma- 
hide , when  he  bravely  Swore  like  a Hero,  that 
his  Caufe  was  right,  and  She  was  innocent; 

I 2 tho’ 


1 34  A»  Account  of  the 

tli o’  juft  before  the  Combat,  when  alone,  he 
own’d  he  knew  her  falfe : (■) 

I have  outfac'd  my felf  and  juft  ify'd 

IV hat  I knew  fatje  to  all  the  JV or  Id  be  fide. 

She  was  as  Fai  thief's  as  her  Sex  could  he; 

And  now  I am  alone , foe's  fo  to  me. 

But  to  wave  this  digreflion,  and  proceed  to 
the  Vindication  of  the  Ancients which  that 
I may  the  better  perform,  for  the  Readers  Di- 
verfion,  and  that  Mr.  Dry  den  may  not  tell  me, 
that  what  I hftve  faid,  is  owt  gratis  diflum^  I 
{hall  ftt  down  the  Heads  of  his  Depofitions  a- 
gainft  our  ancient  Englilh  Poets,  and  then  en- 
deavour the  Defence  of  thofe  great  Men,  who 
certainly  deferv’d  much  better  of  Pofterity, 
than  to  be  fo  difrefpedfively  treated  as  he  has 
ufed  them. 

Mr.  Shakefpear  as.firft  in  Seniority  I think 
ought  to  lead  the  Van,  and  therefore  I fhall 
give  you  his  Account  of  him  as  follows  (k): 
‘ Shakefpear  who  many  times  has  written  better 
‘ than  any  Poet  in  any  Language,  is  yet  fo  far 
1 from  writing  Wit  always,  or  exprefling  that 
f Wit  according  to  the  dignity  Of  theSubjedl;, 
1 that  he  writes  in  many  places  below——  the 
i dulleft  Writers  of  ours,  or  any  precedent  Age. 

* He  is  the  very  Janus  of  Poets  ; he  wears  al- 

* moll  every  where  two  Faces ; and  you  have 
‘ fcarce  begun  to  admire  the  One,  e’re  you  de- 
( fpife  the  other.  Speaking  of  Mr.  Shakefpear  s 
‘Plots,  he  fays  they  were  lame,  (!)  and  that 

( i ) An.  Sc.  i,  (kj  Poltlcripc  to  Ofanaaa,  pag.  146, 
(1)  Ibid.  pag.  143. 

‘many 


Dramatick  Poets.  135 

* marry  of*  them  were  made  up  of  fome  ridicu- 
‘ Ions,  incoherent  Story,  which  in  one  Play, 

‘ many  times  took  up  the  bufinefs  of  an  Age. 
‘’I  fuppofe  (fays  he)  I need  not  name  Ter icles 
‘Prince  of  Tyre , nor  the  Hiftorical  Plays  of 
‘ Shakefpear ; Belides  many  of  the  reft,  as  the 
‘ JVintersT ale , Love's  Labour  lojly  ■ MeaJ'ure  for 
‘ Meafure,  which  were  either  grounded  on  Im- 
‘ poflibilities,  or  at  leaft  fo  meanly  written,  that 
‘ the  Comedy  neither  eaufed  your  Mirth,  nor 
‘the  ferious  part  your  Concernment.  He 
fays  further,  (m)  ‘ Moft  of  Shakefpear  s Plays,  I 
‘ mean  the  Stories  of  them,  are  to  be  found  in 
‘ the  Heccatomouthi , or  Hundred  Hovels  of 
‘ Cinthio . I have  my  felf  read  in  his  Italian, 

‘ that  of  Romeo  and  Juliet ; The  Moor  of  T enicet 
‘ and  many  others  of  them. 

He  Charailerifes  Mr.  Fletcher , who  writ ' 
after  Mr.  Shakefpear  (n),  ‘As  a Perfon  that 
‘ neither  underftood  correct  Plotting,  nor  that 
‘ which  they  call  The  "Decorum  of  the  Stage : of 
which  he  gives  feveral  Inftances  out  of  Phi- 
1 after , Humourous  Lieutenant , and  Faithful 
Shepherdefs ; which  are  too  long  to  be  here  in- 
ferred. In  another  place  he  fpeaks  of  Fletcher 
thus  (°);  ‘Neither  is  the  Luxuriance  of  Fletcher 
‘ a lefs  fault  than  the  Carelefnefs  of  Shakefpear. 

‘ He  does  not  well  always,  and  when  he  does, 
‘he  is  a true  Englifh-man ; he  knows  not  when 
‘ to  give  oyer.  If  he  wakes  in  one  Scene,  he 
‘ commonly  {lumbers  in  another  : and  if  he 
‘ pleafes  you  in  the  firft  three  A6ts,  he  is  fre- 

(m)  Preface  to  Ajlrolegcr.  B..4,  (n)  k’oiUcriptj  /M44* 

(0)  Ibid.  p.  146, 

1 4 quent- 


% l$  An  Aemrnt.of  the. 

* quentlyrlo  tired  with  his  Labour,  that  he  goes 
4 h43ivi:iyiia  the  fourth,  and , links*  under  his 
4 Burthen)  wvtho  Fifth.  Shaking  ol  his, Plots, 

4 (a)  he  lays,  Bemmont  gujtd  Fleichef  had  molt 
4 of  .their j>.  front  fWels, : witnefs  The 

4 Chan.ce-sy:  7 h&Spanijh-,  Gw  ait y Mi*l$  <*.  fFtfe  and 

.The  \liitle^Ennc%  Eayyer,  and  fo 
4 many  othejjsrol  tktm.  a&  compofe  the  greateft 
4part;|Q,f  thexr  Vohnne  in  Kolio. 

• As;tA  the  great  Ben-jfohnfon  he  deeds  not 
iJHtch  , better  with  hj my, -though  he,  wduld  be 
th.owgi^t  .toadinire  hint  - and  if  he  praiife  him  in 
one  Ppcgiyhe  wipes  it  out  in  another  ; ithus  tho’ 
'^cisaf^.him  TbfrjmJl  Judic.iQm:afM\ets  (ft), 
^•m&TTirttitaMe  Written  yet,  he  fays,  his  Exc'el- 
4lene"y\l%  indhe.  low  Charadlers  ol  -yiee,.and 
4 Folly.  When  at.anb ; time,  (.tays-rhc)  Ben 
5'aim’dxiat  WitiA  the  ffribletc  ibnoep  that  is 
ffHarpuftfehl  Cohctit,(hf  wasltorc’d  to' borrow 
4 from  the  Ancients,  (as, -to  my  Knowledge  he 
4 diet ver?y  much  ixtxmSSbttttits- ;■),  voariiwhen  he 
4 truffcedhimfclf  aloneyoften  lell  ,inuto  .rheannefs 
4 of  expreliion.  Nay  he.tVas  not  free  from  the 
-dowiemaflid  moftgro'sreiing  Kimdof  vWitywhich 
4 we.call  Clenches ; of  which  Every  Man  in  his 
4 fTtotitwy  is  infinitelylfullj  and  which  isworie, 

4 the,  wittiefl;  PeflunsFi'n  the  Etoaanma  fpeak 

5 thetwJ  >;  ■ r:r.c:i\  i u ion  ^oU; 

Thelu  are  his  own;  Words,  atidi  his  Judg- 
mental' thefe  three  Great  Men  in  particular, 
nowi  take  his  Opinion  of  them  dllvin  general, 
which  is  as  follows  ; (r)  4 But  Malice  and  Par- 

. (p)  trei.  Asirol.  B.  4.  (q)  i'oft:cripc>  />,  146.  (r)  Pbft- 

fenpt,  pag, 

I 4tiali- 


Dr amatick  Poets.  1 57 

‘tiality  fet  apart,  let  any  Man,  who  under- 
‘ Hands  Englilh,  read  diligently  the  Works  of 
‘ Shake f pear  and  Fletcher. ; . and  I dare  u ndertake 
‘that  lie  will  find  in:,  every  Page,  either fome 
‘ Svkcifmem  Speech,  or  fome  notorious  flaw  in 
‘Sence.  In  the  next  Page,  fpeaking  of  their 
Sence  and  Language,  he  lays,  ‘ I dare  aim  oil 
4 challenge  any  Man  to  Ihew  me  a Page  toge- 
‘ the  which  is  coVreft  in  both.  As  for  Bert 
<Johnjm.  i am  loath  to  name  him,  becaufe  he 
‘■is  h moll  judicious  Author,  yet  he  often  falls 
‘ into  .thele 'Errors.'  Speaking  of  their  Wit,  he 
gives  it  this  Character  (f),  ‘I  have  always 
‘acknowledg’d  the  Wit  of  our  Predeceflors, 
‘ with  all.  the  Veneration  that  becomes  me ; but 
‘ I ain  litre,  their  Wit  was  not  that  of  Gentle- 
‘ men  y there  was  ever  fomewhat  that  was  Ill- 
-bred and  Clow  nilh  in  it:  and  which  confeff 
< the  Converfation  of  the  Authors.  Speaking 
of  the  advantage  which  acrues  to  our  Writing, 
front  Gonverfation,  he  fays  (c) , ‘ In  the  Age 
‘ wherein  thole  Poets  liv’d,  there  waslefs  of 
‘Gallantry,  than  in  ours;  neither  did  they 
‘ keep  the  bell  Company  of  theirs.  Their  F01- 
‘ tune  has  been  much  like  that  of  Epicurus , in 
‘the  Retirement  of  his  Gardens:  to  live  al- 
‘ molt  unknown,  an'd  to  he  Celebrated  after 
‘ their  ©eceafe.  I cannot  find  that  any  of  them 
‘ were  Coftveffant  in  Courts,  except  Benjohn- 
iJ‘on : and' his  Genius  lay  not  lo  much  that  way, 
‘as  to  make  an  Improvement  by  it.  He  gives 
this  Charade r of  their  Audiences  (u) ; ‘ They 
f knew  no  better,  and  therefore  were  fatisfied 
(0  Ibid.  ^ 148.  (0  Ibid,  fu)  Ibid.  144. 

‘ with 


i $$  An  Account  of  the 

‘with  what  they  brought.  Thofe  who  call 
‘theirs  The  Golden  Age  of  Toe  try,  have  only 
‘ this  Reafon  for  it,  that  they  were  then  con- 
‘ tent  with  Acorns,  before  they  knew  the  ufe 
‘ of  Bread  ; or  that  ’'Am*  was  become  a 
‘Proverb. 

Thefe  are  Errors  which  Mr.  Dry  den  has 
found  out  in  the  mofl  Correct  Dramatick  Poets 
of  the  laflAge,  and  fays  (x)  in  defence  of  our 
prefent  Writers,  That  if  they  reach  not  fome 
Excellencies  of  Benjohnfon , yet  at  leal!  they 
are  above  that  Meannefs  of  Thought  which 
he  has  tax’d,  and  which  is  fo  frequent  in  him- 

After  this  he  falls,  upon  the  Gentlemen  of 
the  lali  Age  in  a Character,  which  (as  Bayes 
fays)  is  fhecr  point  and  Satyr  throughout  (?) ; 
for  after  having  Droll’d  upon  them,  calling 
them  Old  Fellows , Grave  Gentlemen , &c.  he 
fummes  up  his  Evidence,  and  lings  an  lolri- 
umphe ; .aferibing  his  Vi&ory  to  the  Gallantry 
and  Civility  of  this  Age,  and  to  his  ownKnow- 
ledge  bf  die  Cuftoms  and  Manners  of  it. 

I mull  do  Mr.  Dry  den  this  juflice,  to  ac- 
quaint the  World,  that  here,  and  there  in  this 
'Fojlfcrtpt,  he  interfperfes  fome  faint  Praifes  of 
theie  Authors ; and  beggs  the  Reader’s  Pardbn 
for  accufing  them  (z ) , ‘ Defiring  him  to  con- 
‘ fider  that  he  lives  in  Age  where  his  leafl 
‘ faults  are  feverely  cenfur’d,  and  that  he  has 
4 no  way  left  to  extenuate  his  failings,  but  by 
4 {hewing  as  great  in  thofe  whom  he  admires. 

Whether  this  be  a fufiicient  Excufe  ornp,  I 
leave  to  the  Criticks:  but  fure  I am  that  this 

00  Ibid*  />.  14S.  (y)  Ib,d.  p.  144-  W Ibid,  p.149* 


Dramatick  Poets.  139 

procedure  feems  exactly  agreeable  to  the  Cha- 
racter which  an  ingenious  Perfon  draws  of  a 
Malignant  Wit,  ( a)  ‘Who  contcious  of  his  own 

* Vices,  and  ftudious  to  conceal  them,  en- 
deavours by  Detraction  to  make  it  appear  that 
1 others  aifo  of  greater  Eftimation  in  the 
1 world,  are  tainted  with  the  fame  or  greater : 
fas  Infamous  Women  generally  excufe  their 
e perfonal  Debaucheries,  by  incriminating  up- 
e on  their  whole  Sex,  callumniating  the  molt 

* Chafl  and  Virtuous,  to  palliate  their  own  dif- 
1 honour. 

But  ’tis  not  the  Poets  only  that  Mr.  'Dryden 
attacks,  for  had  I time,  I could  eafily  prove  he 
has  Almanzor-like  fell  foul  upon  almoft  all  Re- 
ligions, Parties,  and  Orders  of  Mankind ; fo 
that  whilfi:  he  was  Apollo's  Subflitute,  he  has 
play’d  as  odd  Tricks,  and  been  as  Mad  as  his 
own  Wild-Bull  which  he  turn’d  loofe  in  Sierra 
Honda  (b ) / 

JVhtlJl  Monarch-like  he  rang’d  the  lifted  Fieldy 

Some  tofs'd ' fome  gor'd,  fome  trampling  down 
he  kill'd. 

And  as  if  by  being  Laureat,  he  were  as  In- 
fallible as  St.  Teter's  Succeflor;  and  had  as 
large  a Defpotick  Power  as  Pope  Stephanas  the 
Sixth  to  damn  his  Predeceflors  ; he  has  aflault- 
ed  with  all  the  Bitternefs  imaginable  not  only 
the  Church  of  England ’ but  alfo  ridicul’d  the 
feveral  Profeffions  of  the  Lutherans , Calvinifts , 
Socinians,  Treshyterians , Hugonots,  Anabaptijlsy 

(a)  Dr.  Cb&rtetori $ Different  Wits  of  Men*  p • 110.  (b) 
jSonqueftof  Granada,  part  1.  Ad.  x.  Sc.  1, 

Inde- 


S40,  An  Account  of  the 

independent sy  Quakers,  &c.  thoT  mult  obferve 
by  the  way,,  that  forae  people  among  the  Pep- 
Iwafiohs  here  mention1 a might  juftly  have  ex- 
pelled better  ufage  from  him  on  Account  of 
old  Acquaintance  in  the  Year  1 6yp.  But  this 
being  at  prelent  Foreign  to  my  Subject,  I fnall 
riot  after  an  Adtof  Oblivion  revive  forgotten 
Crimes,  but  go  on  with  the  Thing  I have  un- 
dertook, (to  wit)  The  Defence  of  the  Poets  of 
the  lall  Age. 

Were  Mr.  'Dry den  really  asgreat  a, Scholar, 
as  he  would  have  the  World  believe  him  to 
be  ; he  would  have  call’d  to  mind,  that  Homer , 
whom  he  profelleth  to  imitate,  had  let  him  a 
better  pattern  of  Gratitude,  who  mentions 
with  Refpeift  andEindncfs  his  Mailer  ‘Phemis, 
Mentor  bfi  Ithaca,  and  even  Tychius,  the  ho- 
riefl  Leatiier-drelTe'r.  Had  he  follow’d  F’irgth 
Wriomne  would  be  thought  to  exteem ; inltead 
of  Reproaches,  he  had  heap’d  Panegvricks,  oil 
the  Afttes  oi-  his  |Ih*ft*io^j&*<^  and 

rather  than.hawetex’d  them'  wkh'thh'k  Errors 
in  fuch  a rude  manner,  would  have  ehdea- 
vour’d  to  fix  them  in  the  Temple  of  Fame, 
as  he  did  Muffiis,  and  the  Ancient  Poets  in 
Elijiuniy  amdnglL.the.  Magnanimous  Heroes^ 
and  TeuUfs  ‘6ff fpf injg ; ififingthem,  , 

---“•rjtt  f ate's , fyPIcebo  digna  locuti. 

Had  lie'  oblerv’d  Ovid' s -Elegy  ad  Invidos  (f  j 
he  might  have  found  that  good  humour’d  Gen- 
tleman,nor  only  commending  his  Predeceflofs, 
but  even  liis  Cotemporaries.  But  it  fee  ms  he 
has  follow’d  Horace,  whom  he  boalts  tP  have_ 
v£t leid,  lib,  6.  (d)  Amoium,  i.  1.  El,  1/, 


fludi- 


Dramatick  Poets,.  143: 

ftudiecl  (e),  and  whom  lie  has  imitated  in  hts 
greateft  Weakness,  'I  mean  his  Ingratitude : 
if  at  lealt  chat  excellent  Wit  could  be  guilty 
of  a Crime,  fo  much  below  his  Breeding;  for 
the  very  fufpicion  of  which,  Scaliger  ( who 
like  Mr.  Dryden  leldome  Ipares  anjr  manjt  has 
term’d  him  Barbarous  ( 1 ).  Ingratus  Horatius, 
atque  animo  bar  bar 0 atq.ue  fervili  ; qui  ne  a Me- 
cenate  quidern  abdinere  potuit : ftquidem  quod 
aiunt , verum  eft , Malthinum  ab  eo  appeUatumr 
cujus  demijfas  notaret  tunic  da  (s).  Mr.  Drydett 
having  imitated  the  fame  Fa£t,  certainly  he 
deferves  the  fame  punifhraent : and  if  we  may 
not  with  Scaliger  call  him  Barbarous,  yet  all 
ingenious  Men,  that  know  how  he  has  dealt 
with  Shakefpear,  will  count  him  ungrateful ; 
who  by  furbifhing  tip  an  Old  Play,  witnefs  The 
Tempeji , and  Troilus  and Crejfida , has  got  more 
on  the  third  Day,  than  its  probable,  ever  Ho- 
race receiv’d  from  his  Patron  for  any  One  Poem 
in  all  his  Life.  The  like  Debt  he  Hands  engag’d 
for  to  the  French  for  feveral  of  the  Plays,  he  has 
publilht ; which  if  they  exceed  Mr.  Shakefpear 
in  Oeconomy,  and  Contrivance,  ’tis  that  Mr. 
Dry  den  % Plays  owe  their  Advantage  to  his  skill 
in  the  French  Tongue,  or  to  the  Age,  rather 
than  his  own  Conduct,  or  Performances. 

Honell  Shakefpear  was  not  in  thole  days  ac- 
quainted with  thofe  great  Wits,  Sender y^  Cal- 
pranede , Scarron , Corneille , See.  He  was  as  much 
a Stranger  to  French  as  Latine,  (in  which,  if 
we  believe  Benjohnfon,  he  was  a very  fmall 

(e)  Pref.  Relig.  Ltici.  laft  Paragraph.  (fj  Poet.  L.3.C.97. 
(sj  mitbim  cunicis  dcmiffis  ambuht : Sitymr.  L.i.  Sa-.i. 

Pro- 


142  An  Account  of  the 

Proficient ; ) and  yet  an  humble  Story  of  t>o- 
radus  and  Favonia^  ferv’d  him  for  A Winter's 
Tale , as  well  as  The  Grand  Cyrus , or  The  Cap- 
tive Qpeen,  could  furnilh  out  a Laureat  for  a 
Conquejl  of  Granada.  Shahefpear’s  Meafure  for 
Meafure,  however  defpis’d  by  Mr.  2 iryden  with 
his  Much  Ado  about  Nothing , were  believ’d  by 
Sr.  William  Tavenant , (who  I prefume  had  as 
much  judgment  as  Sir  Tofitive  At-all  h ) to 
have  Wit  enough  ,in  them  to  make  one  good 
Play. 

To  conclude,  if  Mr.  Shakefpear's  Plots  are 
more  irregular  than  thofe  of  Mr.  Try  den's 
(which  by  fome  will  not  be  allow’d)  ’tis  be- 
caufe  he  never  read  Ariflotley  or  Rapin  ; and  I 
think  Taffo's  Arguments  to  Apollo  in  defence 
of  his  Gierufalemme  Liber ata  may  be  pleaded 
incur  Author’s  behalf  (')  Che  folo  haveaub- 
hidito  al  talent  0,  che  gli  have  a dato  la  Natura , <(y 
al  infpiratione  della J'uafereniJJima  Calliope ; che 
per  cio  li  pareva  di  compitamenie  haver  fodis - 
fatto  a gli  obblighi  tutti  deUa  Toetica , nella  quale 
fua  Maejla  non  havendo  preferitto  legge  alcunaf 
non  fapea  veder  con  qual  autoritd  Arilfcotile  ha- 
veJJ'e  publicato  le  Regale  di  ejja : e ch'  egli  non 
mat  havendo  udito  dire , che  in  Parnaflo  ft  deffe 
altro  Signore , che  fua  Maefla , e le  fue  Sereniffme 
Dive , ilfuo  Teccato  di  non  haver e ubbidito  a' 
commandamenti  d' Ariffcotile  era  proceduto  da 
tnera  ignoranza , non  da  malitia  alcuna.  The 

(h!  See  Sullen  Lovers , p.  y.  (i)  I Raggua%li  di  Turnajfo 
di  Boctali.ii,  Ragg.  28.  Or  Boccali/ii’s  .ftdvercifcments  from 
Parna/fus  Advert  f.  28. 


Sencc 


Dyamatick  Poets.  145 

Sence  of  which  is  thus ; That  he  had-  only 
obferv’d  the  Talent  which  Nature  had  given 
him,  and  which  his  Calliope  had  inlpi red  into 
him  : Wherein  he  thought  he  had  fulfill’d  all 
the  duties  of  Poetry,  and  that  his  Majelly  ha- 
ving prefcrib’d  no  Laws  thereunto,  he  knew 
not  with  what  Authority  Arijlotle  had  pub- 
lilhed  any  Rules  to  be  obferved  in  it : and  that 
he  never  having  heard  that  there  was  any  o- 
ther  Lord  in  TarnaJJus  but  his  Majelly,  his 
fault  in  not  having  oblerv’d  Ariftoi.le'%  Rules, 
was,  an  Error  of  Ignorance,  and  not  of  any 
Malice. 

As  to  Mr.  Fletcher,  Ihould  we  grant  that  he 
underllood  not  the  "Decorum  of  the  Stage,  as 
Mr.  Dry  den,  and  Mr.  Fleck&oe  before  him  in 
his  Difcourfe  on  the  Englilh  Stage,  obferve ; 
his  Errors  on  that  account,  are  more  pardona- 
able  than  thole  of  the  former,  who  pretends 
lo  well  to  know  it,  and  yet  has  offended  againft 
lome  of  its  moll  obvious  and  ellablilhed  Rules. 
Witnefs  Torphirius  (k)  his  attempt  to  kill  the 
Emperor  whole  Subject  he  was,  and  who  offer’d 
to  adopt  him  his  Son,  and  give  him  his  Daugh- 
ter in  Marriage.  Thilocles  ( 1 ) joining  with 
Prince  Lajimantes  in  taking  the  Queen  Pri- 
foner,  who  rais’d  him  to  be  her  chief  Fa- 
vourite (m).  If  to  wound  a Woman  be  an  In- 
decency and  contrary  to  the  Charailer  of  Man- 
hood, of  which  he  accufes  Thilajler , * and 
Terigot : * than  Mr.Drfdenhis  equally  offended 
with  Mr.  Fletcher , fince  he  makes  Ahdelmelech 

(k)  Tyranick  Love,  (l!  Maiden  Queen,  (n)  Pofii'crsp:, 
pag.  144.  * Phi* after.  * Faithful  ShpoherLt. 

kill 


144  -An  -Account  of  tfe 

kill  Lyndaraxa  ( n ).  If  it  be  contrary  to  the 
' Decorum  of  the  Stage  for  'Demetrius  and  Leon- 
tius to  Ifcay  in  the  midll  of  a routed'  Army,  to 
hear  the  cold  Mirth  of  The  Humourous  Lieu- 
tenant (°)  ’tis  certainly  no  lei's, to  hay  the  Queen 
and  her  Court,  to  hear  the  cold  Mirth  of  Ce- 
ladon and  Florimel  about  their  Marriage  Cove- 
nants, whilfl  the  mainAdlion  is  depending  (P). 
If  Mr.  Fletche t be  tax’d  by  Mr.  Dryden  ( q ) for 
introducing  Demetrius  with  a Piftol  in  his 
Hand  (in  the  Humourous  Lieutenant)  in  the 
next  Age  to  Alexander  the  Great : I think  Mr. 
Dryden  committed  as  great  a Blunder  in  his 
Zamhra  Dance  (r),  where  he  brought  in  the 
Mahometans  bowing  to  the  I mage  of  Jupiter.  I 
could  give  you  feveral  other  Inflances , but 
thefe  are  enough  to  fhew,  that  Mr..  Dryden  is 
no  more  Infallible  than  his  Predeceffars; 

As  to  his  failing  in  the  two  laffc  A<Sts,  (a  fault 
Cicero  fonietimes  alludes  to,  and  blames  in  an 
Idle  Poet ; (f)  ) its  more  to  be  imputed  to  his 
Lazinefs,  than  his  want  of  Judgment.  I have 
either  read,  or  been  inform’d,  (I  know  not  well 
whether)  that  ’twas  generally  Mr.  Fletcher' s 
prailice,  after  he  had  finifh’d  Three  Acts  of  a 
Play  to  fhew  them  to  the  A£tors,  and  when 
they  had  agreed  on  Terms,  he  huddled  up  the 
two  lajffc  without  that  care  that  behoov’d  him  ; 
which  gave  opportunity  to  fuch  Friends  as  Mr. 

(n  C<  nqueft  or  Granada,  II.  Part,  (o)  Pofticript,  p 144. 
(p)  Maiden  Queen  !q)  Poftfcript,  Ibid,  (t)  Conqueft  of  Gra- 
nada, part  I.  d)  TdlAib.  A;  Sencft.  [non  procul  ab  initio)  a 
qua  |fc.  Natura  non  veridmile eft,  cum  cetera;  parte*  aetitis  bene 
delcripta:  lint,  extremum  afttim,  nnquatn  abinerti  Poeta,  effe 
jicgleftum. 


Dramatick  Poets,  143 

Ttryden  to  traduce  him.  This,  tho’  no  juft 
excufe,  yet  I believe  was  known  to  Mr. 
'Dryden  before,  and  therefore  ought  not  as  an 
aft  of  Ignorance, to  have  been  urg’d  f'o  fiercely 
againfl  him. 

As  to  his  Plots  being  borrow’d,  ’tiswhat  is 
allowed  by  Scaltger , and  others ; and  what  has 
been  practic’d  by  Mr.  2)ryden,  more  than  by 
any  Poet  that  I know : fo  that  He  of  all  Men 
living  had  no  Reafon  to  throw  the  firft  Stone 
at  him.  But  Mr.  Jdryden  is  of  the  nature  of 
thole  Satyrifls  deferib’d  by  Scaliger  (l)  ; Com- 
mune ejt  omnibus  profiteri  fife  omnium  pene  ho- 
Jiem ; pmcijjimorum  parcijjlmum  laudatorem : 
Se  quoque  vulnerare  ut  alios  interficere  he  eat ; 
nam  ne  amicis  quidem  parcunt. 

To  come  laflly  to  Ben  Johnfin , who  (as  Mr. 
'Dryden  affirms  (u), ) has  borrow’d  more  from 
the  Ancients  than  any:  I crave  leave  to  fay 
in  his  behalf,  that  our  late  Laureat  has  far 
outMone  him  in  Thefts,  proportionable  to  his 
Writings:  and  therefore  he  is  guilty  of  the 
highefl  Arrogance , to  accufe  another  of  A 
Crime,  for  which  he  is  moll  of  all  men  liable 
to  be  arraign’d.  (*) 

Quis  tulerit  Gracchos  defiditiohe  querent eis  ? 


I niuft  further  alledge  that  Mr.  Johnfin  in 
borrowing  from  the  Ancients,  has  only  fol- 
low’d the  Pattern  of  the  great  Men  of  former 
Ages,  Homer , Hirgif  Ovidy  Horace , Plautus , 
7 erence , Seneca , &c.  all  which  have  imitated 
the  Example  of  the  induftrious  Bee  , which 
(r.)  Pod.  L.j.  C.97C  (uj  Pref.  Mock- rfjl: o!.  (\) /< 4'y.  Sir  2. 


146  An  Account  of  the 

fucks  Honey  from  all  forts  of  Flowers,  and 
lays  it  up  in  a general  Repofitory.  ’Twould 
be  aftum  agere  to  repeat  what  is  known  to  all 
Learned  Men  ; that  there  was  an  Illiad  written 
before  that  of  Horner , which  Arijlotle  men- 
tions ; and  from  which,  (by  Suidas,  <AEHatiy 
and  others,)  Homer  is  fuppofed  to  have  bor- 
row’d his  Defign.  Virgil  copied  from  HeJiody 
Homer , T if  under  y Euripides , Theocritus , Aratusy 
Enniusy  Tacuviusy  Lucretiusy  and  others;  as 
may  be  feen  in  Macrobiusy  and  fulvio  Urjinty 
which  lalt  Author  has  writ  a particular  Trea- 
tife  of  his  Thefts.  Notwithftanding  he  ac- 
counted it  no  Diminution  to  his  Worth,  but 
rather  gloried  in  his  Imitation : for  when  forae 
fnarling  Criticks  had  accus’d  him  for  having 
borrow’d  his  Defign  from  Homery  he  reply ’d; 
’Tis  the  A61  of  an  Heroy  to  wrefl:  Hercules  % 
Club  out  of  his  Hand.  Befides  he  not  only 
acknowledges  in  particular  his  making  ufe  of 
He/iody  (y) 

Afcreeumque  cano  Romano,  per  oppida  carmen  : 
But  extreamly  glories  in  his  being  the  firfi:  La- 
tine  Poet  that  had  treated  on  Country  Affairs : 

Juvat  ire  jugis.,  qua  nulla  pnorum 

Caflaliam  motti  diducitur  orbita  clivo. 

Ovid  not  only  took  the  Defign  of  his  Meta- 
morphofisy  from  the  foremention’d  Tarthenius : 
but  even  Horace  himfelf  notwithftanding  his 
Hypercritical  Sentence  againfl:  fuch  as  under- 
took that  Province,  and  did  not  well  acquit 
themfelves,  Riling  them  (z). 

— Irnitatorum  ftnlium  pecusy  ■ 

\\)  Gen-  L 5.  \x)  Epift.L,  1.  Ep.  19. 


Yet 


Dram  Mick  Poets . 147 

Yet, I fay,  He  himfelf  not  only  imitated  Lucilius 
in  his  Satyrs,  and  followed  Arijlotle  in  his  E- 
piftle  De  Arte  Poetica : but  alfo  tranflated  V ?r- 
batim  thofe  Fragments  of  the  Greeks,  which  in 
fo me  Editions  are  to  be  found  at  the  End  of 
‘Pindar’ s Works,  and  inferted  them  in  his  firft 
Book  of  Odes , as  might  be  eafily  made  appear, 
were  it  not  too  long  a Difcurfion. 

For  this  Reafon  I fhall  only  fpeak  fuccin&ly 
of  the  Latine  Dramatick  Poets,  molt  of  which 
were  Imitators  atleaft,  if  not  wholly  behold- 
ing to  the  Greek  Poets  for  their  Productions. 
Thus  Seneca  in  his  Tragedies  imitated  Euru 
pides,  and  tyEfchylus  ; Terence  borrow’d  from 
Menander , and  m his  Prologue  to  Andriay 
quotes  Narcius,  Plautus y and  Ennius  for  his 
Authority.  I could  enumerate  more  Inltances, 
but  thefe  are  fufficient  Precedents  to  excufe 
Mr.  JohnJ'on. 

Permit  me  to  fay  farther  in  his  behalf,  That 
if  in  imitation  of  thefe  illuflrious  Examples, 
and  Models  of  Antiquity,  he  has  borrow’d 
from  them,  as  they  from  each  other  ; yet  that 
he  attempted,  and  as  fome  think,  happily  fuc- 
ceeded  in  his  Endeavours  of  Surpafling  them  : 
infomuch  that  a certain  Perfon  of  Quality  (') 
makes  a Queftion,  i Whether  any  of  the  Wit 
4 of  the  Latine  Poets  be  more  Terfe  and  Elo- 
1 quent  in  their  Tongue,  than  this  Great  and 
1 Learned  Poet  appears  in  ours. 

Whether  Mr.  ‘Dry den , who  has  likewife  fuc- 
ceeded  to  admiration  in  this  way,  or  Mr.  John - 
fon  have  mo  ft  improv’d,  and  heft  advanc’d 
(a)  Poems  ar.dEffjys,  By  M-  Ed w.  Harvard)  p>  24- 

K % what 


148  An  Account  of  tbs 

what  they  have  borrow’d  from  the  Ancients* 
J fliall  leave  to  the  decilion  of  the  abler  Cri- 
ticks : only  this  I mull  fay,  in  behalf  of  the 
later,  that  he  has  no  ways  endeavour’d  to  con- 
ceal what  he  has  borrow’d,  as  the  former  has 
generally  done.  Nay,  in  his  Play  call’d  Sejanus 
he  has  printed  in  the  Margent  throughout, 
the  places  from  whence  he  borrow’d : the 
fame  he  has  practic'd  in  feveral  of  his  Mafques, 
(as  the  Reader  may  find  in  his  Works ; ) a Pat- 
tern, which  Mr.  ‘Dry den  would  have  done  well 
to  have  copied,  and  had  thereby  fav’d  me  the 
trouble  of  the  following  Annotations. 

There  is  this  difference  between  the  Pro- 
ceedings of  thefe  Poets,  that  Mr.  JohnJ'on  has 
by  Mr.  Dry  dens  Confeffion  (b)  Defign'd  his 
‘Plots  himfelf ; whereas  I know  not  any  One 
Play,  whofe  Plot  may  be  faid  to  be  the  Product 
of  Mr.  Dry  dens  own  Brain.  When  Mr.  John- 
Jon  borrow’d,  ’twas  from  theTreafury  of  the 
- Ancients,  which  is  fo  far  from  any  diminution 
of  his  Worth,  that  I think  it  is  to  his  Honor; 
at  leaf-wife  I am  lure  he  is  juftified  by  his  Son 
Carthwright,  in  the  following  Lines  (c) : 

IV hat  tho ’ thy  fe arching  Mufe  did  rake  the  dujl~ 
Of  Time , (Jr  purge  old  Mettals  from  their  Ruji  ? 
Is  it  no  Labour , no  Art , think  they , to 
Snatch  Shipwracks from  the  Deepens  Divers  do ? 
And  ref  cue  Jewels  from  the  covetous  Sand , 
Making  the  Seas  hid IVealth  adorn  the  Land  ? 
IV hat  tho  thy  culling  Mufe  did  rob  the ft  ore 
Of  Greek  and  Latine  Gardens , to  bring  o' re 

ibj  Pr.f.  Mufk  .‘ifrvL  (cj  Cmlvwrighc’j  Poems,  p.  j 1 5. 

Plants 


Dramatick  Poets.  149 

* 'Plants  to  thy  Native  Soil ? their  Virtue  were 

Improv'd far  more , by  being  planted  here : 

If  thy  Still  to  their  EJfence  doth  refine 

So  many  Drugs , is  not  the  Water  thine  ? 

‘Thefts  thus  become  juft  W -irks  ; they  and  their 
Grace 

Are  wholly  thine;  thus  doth  the  Stamp  and  Face 

Make  that  the  Kings  that's  ravijh'd  from  the 
dFline  ; 

In  others  then  Us  Oar , in  thee  ’ tis  Coin. 

On  the  contrary,  tlio’  Mr.  Dry  den  has  like- 
wife  borrow’d  from  the  Greek  and  Latine 
Poets,  as  Sophocles , Virgil Horace , Seneca , &c. 
which  I purpofely  omit  to  tax  him  with,  as 
thinking  what  he  has  taken  to  be  lawful  prize : 
yet  I cannot  but  obferve  withal ; that  he  has 
plunder’d  the  chief  Italian , Spanifi, \ and  French 
Wits  for  Forage,  notwithstanding  his  pretend- 
ed contempt  of  them : and  not  only  fo,  but  even 
his  own  Countrymen  have  been  lore ’d  to  pay 
him  tribute,  or  to  fay  better,  have  not  been 
exempt  from  being  Pillag’d.  This  I fliall  fuf- 
ficiently  make  out  in  the  Examen  of  his  Plays  ; 
in  the  mean  time,  give  me  leave  to  fay  a word, 
or  two,  in  Defence  of  Mr.  Johnfon’s  way  of 
Wit,  which  Mr.  Dry  den  calls  Clenches . 

There  have  been  few  great  Poets  which 
have  not  propos’d  fbme  Eminent  Author  for 
their  Pattern , ( Examples  of  this  would  be 
needle!^  and  endlefs.)  Mr.  Johnfon  propos’d 
Plautus  for  his  Model,  and  not  only  borrow’d 
from  him,  but  imitated  his  way  of  Wit  in  Eng- 
lifli.  There  are  none  who  have  read  him,  but 
K 3 are 


150  An  Account  of  the 

are  acquainted  with  his  way  of  playing  with 
Words : .1  will  give  one  Example  for  all,  which 
the  Reader  tnay  find  in  the  very  entrance  of 
his  Works  ; I mean  the  Prologue  to  Amphitruo. 

Juftam  rem  & facilem  or  at  pm  a vobis  volo  : 
Platn  jufte  abjujiis  jmtus  fum  Orator  datus. 
Nam  injujia  ab  jujiis  tmpet)  are  non  decet : 
Juftd'auiem  ab  injuftis  petere  injipientia'ji. 

Nor  might- this  be  the  foie  Realbn  for  Mr. 
Johnforis,  Imitation,  for  poflibly  ’twas  his  Com-, 
pliance  with  the  Age  that  induc’d  him  to  this 
Wa^'  of  writing,  it  being  then  as  Mr.  T)ryden 
oblervesj(d)  the  Mode  of  Wit,  the  Vice  of  the 
Age,  aftdhot  Benjobnfdn’s:  and  befides  Mr. 
JDryderis  taxing  Sir  Tbihp  Sidney  for  playing 
with  his-  Words,  I may  add  that  I find  it  pra- 
ctis’d by  fevferal.  Dramatick  Poets,  who  were 
Mr.  yd/Mfon' s CoteiTiporaries : and  notwith- 
llanding  the  advantage  which  this  Age  claims 
over  the  -laft,  we  find  Mr.  T>ryden  himlelf  as 
well  as  Mt.JohnJon , not  only  given  to  Clinches  ; 
but  fometimes  a Carwichet , a Quarter -quibble y 
or  a bare  Tun  ferves  his  turn,  as  well  as  his 
Friend  Burin  his  Wild  Gallant  j and  there- 
fore he  might  have  fpar’d  this  Reflection,  if  he 
had  given  himlelf  the  liberty  of  Thinking. 

As  to  his  Reflections  on  this  Triumvirate  in 
general : I might  ealily  prove,  that  his  Im- 
proprieties in  Grammar,  are  equal  to  theirs: 
and  that  He  himlelf  hits  been  guilty  of  Sole- 
cifms  in  Speech,  and  Flaws  in  Sence,  as  well, 
as  Shakejpeary  Fletcher^  and  JohnJ'on : but  this 
(dj  Fofticrjpt to Graitadiy  p.  148. 

would 


Dr m At kk  Poets.  151 

■would  be  to  waft  Paper  and  Time  : and  befides* 
I confider  that  Apollos  Laws  like  thofe  of  our 
own  Nation,  allow  no  Man  to  be  try’d  twice 
for  the  fame  Crime ; and  Mr.  "Dry den  having 
already  been  arraign’d  before  the  Wits  upon  the 
Evidence  of  the  Rota , and  found  Guilty  by 
Mr.  Clifford  the  Foreman  of  the  Jury : I fhall 
fupprels  my  further  Evidence,  till  I am  ferv’d 
with  a Subpoena,  by  him,  to  appear  before  that 
Court,  or  have  an  AClion  clapp’d  upon  me  by 
his  Proftor,  as  guilty  of  a Scandalum  Archi- 
Roeta  ; and  then  I fhall  readily  give  in  my  De- 
pofitions. 

For  thefe,  and  the  like  Reafons,  I fhall  at 
prefent  pafs  by  his  dif-obliging  Reflections  on 
feveral  of  his  Patrons,  as  well  as  the  Poets  his 
Cotemporaries : his  little  Arts  to  fet  up  him- 
felf,  and  decry  others ; his  dexterity  in  alter- 
ing other  Mens  Thoughts,  fo  as  to  make  them 
pafs  for  his  own  ; his  Tautologies ; his  Petty- 
Larcenies,  which  notwithftanding  his  ftiling 
of  himfelf  Saturnine , fhew  him  fufficiently 
Mercurial \ at  leaft,  if  Plagiaries  may  be  ac- 
counted under  the  Government  of  that  Planet. 
In  fine,  (if  Old  Moody  will  allow  me  to  borrow 
that  word)  he  refembles  Vulgar  Painters,  who 
can  tolerably  copy  after  a good  Original,  but. 
either  have  not  judgment,  or  will  not  take 
the  pains  themfelves  to  defign  any  thing  of 
value.  This  will  eafily  appear  in  the  follow- 
ing Account  of  his  Plays,  of  which  I come 
now  to  fpeak.  Viz. 

Albion  and  Albanius,  an  Opera  perform’d  at 
the  Queen’s  Theatre  in  Dorfet-Garden,  and 
K 4 prin- 


1^2  An  Account  of  the 

printed  in  Folio,  Lond.  i68y.  ‘The  Subject 
‘of  it  (as  the  Author  lays)  is  wholly  Alle- 
‘ gorical ; and  the  Allegory  it  felf  fo  very  ob- 
i vious,  that  it  will  no  fooner  be  read,  than 
‘ underltood.  I heed  not  therefore  take  the 
pains  to  acquaint  my  Reader,  that  by  the  Man 
on  the  Pedeltal,who  is  drawn  with  a long,  lean, 
pale  Face,  with  Fiends  Wings,  and  Snakes 
twilled  round  his  Body  : and  incompalt  by  fe- 
veral  Phanatical  Rebellious  Heads,  who  fuck 
Poyfonfrom  him,  which  runs  out  of  a Tap  in 
his  Side,  is  meant  the  late  Lord  Shaftsbury , 
and  his  Adherents.  I lhall  not  pretend  to  pal's 
my  cenfure  whether  he  deferv’d  this  ulage 
from  our  Author,  or  no;  but  leave  it  to  the 
■judgments  of  Statefmen  and  Polititians.  How 
well  our  Author  has  drawn  his  other  Cha- 
racters, I fhall  leave  to  the  decilion  ol  the 
Cnticks:  as  alfo  whether  Monlieur  Grabut , or 
our  Poet  dele  rves  the  preference;  or  either  of 
them  merit  thofe  Applaufcs  which  Mr AJrydefi 
in  both  their  Names  challenges  as  their  due; 
lince  I find  an  Author  ol  a different  Opinion, 
who  thtfs  deferibes  them.  . 

p'rabut  bis  Toft -mate  ne'rejhallbe  forgot , 
Whom  th'  God  of  Tunes  upon  a Mufe  begot. 
Bays  on  a double fcore  to  him  belongs  : 

As  well  for  writing  as  for  fetting  Songs. 

Tor  fome  have fvpQrnftl)  Intrigue fo  od  is  laid)') 
That.  Bayes  (ind He  mifiook  each  others  7 rade>- 
Grabut  the  Lines , and  He  (he  Mu  fickjnade . j 

All  for  Love , or  The  World  well  Loft  ; a Tra- 
gedy adted at  the  Theatre  Royal;  and  written 

; • '{  . in 


Dramatick  Poets.  15$ 

111  imitation  of  Shakefpear's  (tile,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  1678.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Honourable  Thomas  Earl  of  ‘Dauby.  That  our 
Author  has  nearly  imitated  Shakefpear  is  evi- 
dent by  the  following  Inflance.  In  the  Co- 
medy call’d  Much  Ado  about  Nothing  (e)  the 
.Ballard  accufes  Hero  of  Difloyalty  before  the 
Prince,  and  Claudio  her  Lover : who  (as  fur- 
pris’d  at  the  News,)  asks,  Who ! Hero  ? Baji. 
Even  (lie,  Leonatd-s  Hero , your  Hero,  every 
Mans  Hero.  In  this  Play,  ( f)  on  the  like  oc- 
calion,  where  Hentidius  accufes  Cleopatra , An- 
tony fays,  Not  Cleopatra ! Hen..  Even  fhe  my 
Lord!  Ant.  My  Cleopatra}  Hen.  Your  Cleo- 
patra ; Dollabella’s  Cleopatra : Every  Mans  Cleo- 
patra. Ex  homine  hunc  natum  die  as.  Our  Au- 
thor with  juftice  prefers  the  Scene  betwixt  An - 
tonius  and  Hentidius  in  the  firll  A£t,  to  any 
thing  he  has  written  in  that  kind : but  as  to 
his  defence  of  the  Scene  between  Offavia  and 
Cleopatra , in  the.  end  of  the  third  Ait,  there 
are  fome  Criticks  who  are  not  yet  fatisfied, 
that  it  is  agreeable  to  the  Rules  of  Decency 
and  Decorum , to  make  Perlons  of  their  Cha- 
raiter  demean  themfelves  contrary  to  the  Mo- 
delly  of  their  Sex.  For  the  Plot  fee  ‘Plutarch 
in  Hit.  M.  Ant.  Suetonius  in  Aug.  Dion  CaJJius , 
Lib.  48.  $ 1 . Grofms , Lib.  6.  Cap.  7.  Florus, 
L.  4.  C.i  r.  Appian  de  Beilis  Civilibus,  L.y. 

. Amboyna , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre 
Royal;  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1673.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lord  Clif- 
ford of  Chudleigh.  The  Plot  of  this  Play  is 

(?)  Aft  5.  p.  ioi.  (f)  Aft  4.  p.  54. 

found- 


1^4  An  Account  of  the 

founded  chiefly  on  Hiflory,  being  an  Account 
of  the  Cruelty  of  the  Dutch  to  ourGountry- 
Men  in  Amboyna,  An.Dom.  1618.  There  was 
u Book  pubhfht  by  the  Eaji-India  Company, 
which  I never  faw,  but  I have  read  a Relation 
extracted  from  thence  by  Mx.Turchas^sxd.  prin- 
ted in  his  ‘pilgrimage,  Vol.  II.  L.  io.  Ch.  1 6. 
There  are  feveral  other  Authors  that  have 
mention’d  this  Story,  as  SanderJ'ons  Hillory  of 
fames,  pag.  5-77.  Stubb's  Relation  of  the 
Dutch  Cruelties  to  the  Engltjh  at  Amboynay 
•printed  in  quarto  Lond.  i6?a.  Wanley s Hi- 
story of  Lib.  4.  Ch.  10.  Ex.  1.  The  Plot 
•of  the  Rape  of  Ifabinda , by  Harman  Junior, 
-is  founded  on  a Novel  in  Cynthio  Gyraldi , 
Deca  HoVi  10.  ■ - < 

Afjignation , or  Love  in  a Nunnery , a Comedy 
ailed  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1678.  and  dedicated  to  his  molt  Honour’d 
Friend  Sir  Charles  Sidley  Baronet.  This  Play 
was  Damn’d  on  the  Stage,  or  as  the  Author 
phrafes  it  ( «),  it Jucceeded-ill  in  the  Reprefenta- 
tion.  I fhall  not  pretend  to  determine,  any 
•more  than  the  Author,  L Whether  the  fault 
4 was  in  the  Play  it  felfj  or  in  the  lamenefs  of 
4 the  Aition,  or  in  the  number  of  its  Enemies, 
1 who  came  refolv’d  to  damn  it  for  the  Title  : 
but  this  I know,  that  his  Refleilions  on  Mr. 
Ravencrofts  Play , call’d  Mamamouchi , pro- 
vok’d him  to  a retort  in  another  Prologue 
(h)  to  a new  Play  of  his  ailed  the  Vaca- 
tion following,  part  of  which  as  relating  to 

this  Play,  I fhall  tranfcribe. 

(g)  Epiftle  Dedicatory!  (h)  car  clefs  Lovers. 

An 


Dramatick  Poets. 


*55 


An  Author  did  to pleafe  you,  let  his  Wit  run 
Of  late , much  on  a SerVing-man, Cittern j 
And  yet  you  would  not  like  the  Serenade, 

Nay,  and  you  damn'd  his  Nuns  in  Mafquerade. 
Tou  did  his  Spanilh  Sittg-fong  too  abhor. 

Ah ! que  locura  con  tanto  rigor. 

In  fine,  the  whole  by  you  fo  much  was  blam'd. 
To  aft  their  parts  the  Players  were  afham’d  ; 
Ah  l how  fever e your  Malice  was  that  Day  ; 
To  damn  at  once  the  Poet  and  his  Play. 

But  why,  was your  Rage  juft  at  that  time Jhown , 
When  what  the  Poet  writ,  was  all  his  own  ? [late. 


And  thafe  Plays  found  a more  indulgent  Fate. 


But  in  this  Mr.  Ravencroft  is  very  much  de- 
ceiv’d, for  moll;  of  the  Characters,  as  well  as 
the  Incidents  are  borrow’d  from  French  Ro- 
mances ; as  for  inllance,  The  Characters  of 
the  Duke  of  Mantua,  Prince  Frederick  and  Lu± 
cretia,  are  borrow’d  from  The  Annals  of  Love,  8° 
in  the  Story  of  Conjlance  the  fair  Nun,  pag.  81. 
but  as  to  the  Scene  of  the  Petticoat  and  Belly 
Ake  if)  fo  much  commended  by  Mr.  Bayes  (k), 
I believe ’twas  Mr.  Dry  den's  own  Contrivance. 
The  Characters  of  Aurelian , Camitto , Laura, 
and  Violetta , are  taken  from  Scarrons  Comical 
Bomance,  in  the  Hillory  okDejtiny  and  Madam 
Star.  See  Ch.  1 3 . pag.  43 . The  Humour  of  Be- 
nito's, affeCting  Mufick,  to  the  prejudice  of  his 
Caicafs  ('),  is  borrow’d  from  Quinault’s  Cha* 
raCter  of  ffodolet,  in  the  begining  of  his  La 
Comedie,  fans  Comedie.  The  paffage  of  Fron- 

r~Ii)  Aa4o'  5c.r.  (10  Rthearfal)  [°33»  (0  A&.j.  5c.  i. 

1 Iona’s 


1 56  An  Account  of  the 

tonds  throwing  water  upon  Laura  and  Violetta 
(m)  is  taken  from  Les  Contes  de  M.  de  la  Fon- 
taine, premiere  par  tie,  Nov.  1 1 . p.  74.  There  are 
other  French  Authors  that  have  handled  the 
fame  Story,  as  Les  Cent  Nouvelles  Nouvelles. 
La  Damoifelle  a Cceur  ouvert  &c. 

Aureng-zebe , a Tragedy  acted  at  the  Theatre 
Royal,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1 676.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Right  Honourable  John  Earl  of 
Mulgrave.  The  Plot  of  this  Play  is  related  at 
large  in  Tavernier  % Voyages  into  the  Indies. 
Vol.  I.  Part  a.  Ch.2.  Our  Author  is  not  wholy 
iree  from  Thefts  in  this  Play,  and  thofe  who 
have  ever  read  Seneca's  Hippolitus , will  allow 
that  Aureng-zebe  has  fome  refemblance  with 
his  Charader,  and  that  Nourmahal,  is  in  part 
copied  from  Thaidra,  which  will  the  better  ap- 
pear, if  the  Reader  will  compare  the  follow- 
ing Lines.  (") 

Hip.  Thefei  vultus  atm 

Jllos  prior es , quos  tulit  quondam puer  ; 
Cumprima  pur  as  barbajignaret  genas , 

Aur.ip)  I am  not  chang’d, I love  myHusband  Hill; 
RutLove  him  as  he  was  when  youthful  Grace 
And  the  firffc  bloom  began  to  {hade  his  Face. 

Hi  pi  Magne  re  gnat  or  Dehm, 

Tam  lentus  audis feeler a ? tarn  lent  us  vides  ? 
Ecquando  Saeva  fulmen  emittes  manu , 

Si  nunc J'erenum  ejl  ? 

Me  velox  cremet 

TranfaSlus  ignis.  Sum  nocens ; merui  mori , 
Tlacui  novercal. 

(m)  Aft  ;.p.  iz.  (n)  HppoliUli,  Aft  z.  Sc.  3-  (0)  Aureng - 
%".hh  'Aft  4 . Sc.  1 . Anr> 


Dramatic k Poets.  1 57 

Aur.  Heavens  can  you  this  without  juft  ven- 
geance hear, 

When  will  you  Thunder,  if  it  now  be  clea  r \ 
Yet  Her  alone  let  not  your  Thunder  feize : 

I too  delerve  to  dye,  beeaule  I pleafe. 

I could  cite  other  paflages  in  this  Play  bor- 
row’d from  Seneca , but  this  is  enough  to  con- 
vict our  Author  of  borrowing  from  the  Latine 
Poets,  now  give  me  leave  to  give  you  one  In- 
ftance  likewife  of  his  borrowing  from  Mr.. 
Miltons  Sampfon  Agoniftes.  (p) 

cDal.  I fee  thou  art  implacable,  more  deaf  (Teas 
To  Prayers  than  winds  and  feas,  yet  winds  to 
Are  reconcil’d  at  length,  and  fea  to  fhore : 
Thy  anger  unappeafable  ftill  rages. 

Eternal  Tempell  never  to  becalm’d. 

* Emp.  Unmovd floe fioodyfr  deaf  to  all  my  prayers , 
As  Seas  and  Winds  to  finking  Mariners , 

But  Seas  grow  Calm^and  Winds  are  reconcil'd: 
Her  Tyrant  Beauty  never  grows  more  mild. 

There  are  many  other  Hints  from  this  Poem,, 
that  are  inferted  in  this  Play  by  Mr.  IDryden > 
and  which  I fhould  not  have  laid  to  his  Charge 
had  he  not  accus’d  Ben  Johnfon  of  the  fame 
Crime. 

Conyuejlof  Granada , by  the  Spaniards , in  two 
Parts,  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  in 
quarto  Bond.  1678.  (* *1)  and  dedicated  to  his 
Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke.  Thefe  Plays  I have 
feen  ailed  with  great  Applaufe,  which  fo  pufft 
up  our  Author  with  vanity,  that  he  could  not 

(p)  Sumpfo! t Agonifies,  p.  108.  * Am*  p.  8.  (<])  Third  Edic. 

• * re. 


x $8  An  Account  of  the 

refrain  from  abufing  his  Predecefiors,  not  only 
in  the  Poftfcript  already  mention’d ; but  even 
in  a detracting  Epilogue  to  the  fecond  Part, 
which  I fhall  leave  to  the  Readers  perufaL 
I have  already  hinted,  that  not  only  the  Epi- 
fodes and  main  Plot,  but  even  the  Characters 
are  alp  borrow’d  from  French  and  Spanifh  Ro- 
mances, as  Almahide,  Grand  Cyrus , Ibrahim , 
and  Gufman : fo  that  Mr.  Dry  den  may  be  laid 
to  have  made  a Rod  for  himfelf,  in  the  follow- 
ing Lines;  (') 

And  may  thofe  drudges  of  the  Stage,  vehofe  Fate 

Is  damn'd  dull  Farce  more  dully  to  Tranjlate , 

Fall  under  that  Exctfe  the  State  thinks  fit 

To fet  on  ^//French  JVaresyohoj'e  worfl  is  JVit. 

F rench  Farce  worn  out  at  home , is  fent  abroad; 

And  pat  cht  up  here  is  made  our  Englijh  Mode. 

How  much  Mr.  Dry  den  has  borrow’d  from 
the  French  in  this  Play,  cannot  be  comprehend- 
ed in  the  compafs  to  which  I confine  my  felf; 
and  therefore  I fhall  only  mention  fome  of  the 
nioft  remarkable  Paflages  which  are  flollen.  I 
am  therefore  in  the  firlt  place  to  begin  with  the 
Perfons  reprefented : The  Character  of  Alman- 
zor  is  chiefly  taken  from  Tonce  de  Leon  in  Al- 
mahide ; from  Ozmin  in  Gufman,  and  Artaban 
in  Cleopatra.  His  other  Characters  of  Boab- 
delin,  Almahide,  Ferdinand  and  Ifabella,  Duke 
of  Arc  os,  Ozmin,  Hamet,  Gomel,  &c.  are  taken 
from  Almahide.  The  Characters  of  Ozmin  and 
Benzaida,  are  borrow’d  from  Ibrahim,  in  the 
Story  of  Ozmin  and  Alibech,  and  Lyndaraxa 9 

(rj  Prologue,  Firfl  part. 


are 


Dramatick  Poets.  159 

are  copied  from  Prince  Ariantes,Agathirfis,  and 
Elibejis ; See  Grand  Cyrus,  Part  IX.  Book  I. 

I am  now  to  give  fome  Inltances  that  may 
make  good  my  AlTertion,  That  Mr.  "Dry den  has 
borrow’d  moil  of  his  Thoughts,  as  well  as  his 
Characters  from  thole  Authors  abovemention’d, 
tho’  he  has  new  cloath’d  them  in  Rime.  In  the 
beginning  of  the  Firft  A Ct,  he  has  borrow’d  the 
Defcription  of  his  Bull-jeajl , from  Guzman  s 
Juego  de  Toros  Cannas : See  the  Story  of  Oz « 

min  and  Bar  ax  a , part  1 . pag.  82,.  and  By.  The 
Defcription  of  the  Factions  pag.  4.  is  borrow’d 
from  Almahide  p.  1.  The  next  four  Lines  fpo- 
ken  by  the  King  is  taken  from  Prince  Muj]d% 
advice  in  Almahide , p.  6.  The  King’s  Speech 
in  going  between  the  Factions,  y.  is  bor- 
row’d from  Almahide , Part  3.  Book  3.  p.  63, 
The  Defcription  of  the  Quarrel  between  Ta- 
rtf  a and  Ozmin , is  founded  on  Abindarrays  his 
Speech  in  Aim.  p.  2,.  The  Rile  of  the  Fami- 
lies, p.  6. ' from  the  lame.  Almanzor' s killing 
Gomel , from  Aim.  p .64.  His  quelling  the  Facti- 
ons, from  Aim.  p.  64,  6y.  In  the  Second  ACt, 
Almanzor' s ViCtory,  and  his  taking  the  Duke 
of  Arcos  Prifoner, p,  12.  is  copied  from  Alma - 
hide , p.  6y.  The  Scene  between  Abdalla  and 
Lyndaraxa,  p.  13.  is  llollen  from  Aim.  p.  62. 
and  from  the  Story  of  Elibefis  in  Cyrus , Part  9. 
Book  1.  p.  2,0.  Zulema’s  Plea  for  Abdalla  s right 
to  the  Crown, p.  17.  is  copied  from  Alm.p.62. 
His  tempting  him  to  Rebellion,  from  Cyrus  in 
the  place  abovC-mention’d.  In  the  Third  Act, 
Almanzor  % going  o-verto  Abdalla , on  the  Kings 
refnfal  to  gram:  the  Diuke  of  Arcos  his  Liberty, 
pag.1%. 


I 


160  An  Account  of  the 

pag.  18.  is  taken  from  Aim.  p.  yy.  fyc.  The 
Alarm  after  the  Zambia  Dance  from  the  fame 
page.  The  firfl  meeting  of  Almanzor  and  Al- 
m abide  ^ p.  2 '7.  from  Aim.  p.  <5p.  0's  Abdalla  and 
Almanzor,  p.  go.  from  Aim.  p.71.  TheContro- 
verfy  between  Almanzor  and  Zulema , p.  3 1.  from 
the  lame  Column.  In  the  Fourth  Act,  Alman- 
zor’s  going  over  to  Boabdelin' s Party,  p.  34.  is 
taken  from  Aim.  p.  72.  Abdelmelech  his  coming 
to  vifit  Lyndaraxa  in  Difguife,/).  gy.  is  ftollen 
from  the  former  Story  of  Elibefis  in  Cyrus , p. 
ay.  <fyc.  Abdalla  viliting  her,  being  Royally  at- 
tended with  Guards, />.gp.  from  the  fame,p.(>7, 
Almanzor' s freeing  Almahide  from  Abdallah 
Captivity,  p.  is  copied  from  Aim.  p.  73. 
The  beginning  of  the  Fifth  Ait,  we;. The  Scene 
between  Abdalla , and  Lyndaraxa , under  the 
Walls  of  the  Albayzin , immediately  after  his 
Defeat,/).  48.  is  ftollen  from  Cyrus  in  the  Story 
aforefaid,/).  61.  His  flying  to  the  Chriftians, 
p.  yo.  from  Aim.  p.  72.  Ozmin  and  Benzaida' s 
flight  yp.6 2.  from  Ibrahim,  p.  8. 

I might  proceed  through  the  Second  Part, 
did  I not  fear  the  Reader  to  be  already  as  tir’d 
as  my  felf.  I {hall  therefore  only  acquaint  him, 
that  moft  of  that  Play  is  borrow’d  as  well  as 
the  former : So  that  had  our  Author  ftollen 
from  others,  in  none  of  his  Labours,  yet  thefe 
Plays  alone  argue  him  guilty  of  the  higliefl 
Confidence,  that  durfl  prefume  to  arraign  the 
Ancient  Englifli  Poets  as  Plagiaries,  in  a Poft- 
fcript  to  two  Plays,  whofe  Foundation  and  Lan- 
guage are  in  a great  meafure  ftollen  from  the 
'.Beginning  to  the  End.  I would  therefore  de- 


Dr  am  At  kk  Poets.  i6i 

fire  lAt.Dryden  henceforth  to  ponder  Upon  the 
following  Epigram,  which  feems  to  give  him 
better  Advice.  (f) 

Cum  fueris  Cenfor  ,primum  te  ermine  purga, 
Nec  tna  te  damnent  fait  a nefimda  reum. 

Pie  tua  contemnas  ahena  negotia  curans  ; 

An  tibi  te  quijjmm  junltior  ejjje  potejt. 

There  ire  fevhral  Author's  thit  have  giveii 
ah' Account  of  this  famous  Adioir,  as  Mariana, 
32  ay.  C.18.  May  erne  Turquet,  L.  23.  Thuanus , 
32. 48.  Guicciardihe , E2  fa.  Luc.  Marinxus  Sic . 
12.  10.  Car.  Verardus.  “Domingo  Balt  anas,  &c. 

' Don  Sebdjlian,  King  of  Portugal:  a Tragedy 
aded  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  in  quarto^ 
Cond-  i6<)o.  artdc; dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable' ‘Pbi/ip'F.atl  of  Leicejler.  This  Play 
is  accounted  by  ieveral  One  of  the  befi  of  Mr. 
Dry  dens,  and  was  as  I have  heard  aded  with 
great  Applaufe.  The  Foundation  of  it  is  built 
upon  a French  Novel  call’d  Don  Sebajlian,  How 
far  our  Author  has  followed  the  French-man , 
I leave  to  the  Readers  of  both  to  judge.  Only 
give  me  leave  to  take  notice  of  that  paflage  in 
his  Epiftle.  to  this  Play,  where  he  endeavours 
to  clear  hitnfelf  from  the  charge  of  Plagiarie. 
He  fays,  ‘ The  Ancients  were  never  accus’d 
<of  being  Plagiaries,  for  building  their  Tra- 
gedies on  known  Fables.  To  prove  this  afler- 
tion  he  brings  feveral  Infiances ; ‘Thus  (fays 
‘he)  Augufius  Caj'ar  wrote  an  Ajax , which 
‘ was  not  lefs  his  own  becaufe  Euripides  had 
‘written  a Play  before  him  on  that  Subjed. 

[f  1 Gwen  Difticha  Ethica,  & Politics ; Ep.  31 , ?.  1 1<?  _ 

L ‘Thus 


1 62  J»,  the  1 

4 Thus  of  latey  y^rf  , j .wrifc.  m* Og^pys 
6 aftc  t Sophocles , ' 511a.  J ^ve,  #eljg#*cl  one,  aiifp  r 
i him,  which  I wrote  with'Mr.  Jeei  yet  nei- 
£ ther  the  French  Poet  Hole  from  the  Greek. , nor 
* we  ffom  'thS  • Freneb>imv-l  w\Tii  Hhe^Gbfttvi- 
‘ vahce,  the  -hew-  turn , and  ‘new  Characters 
c which  alter  the  Property,  and  fti&hb  ifhura. 

I have  hotctf hat*  ac- 
cus’d ,tl}e,Ppefs  ingcmgyal,  .‘JDtyden,  in 

pa  r ticula  r,  joe.  ho  r ro  w§.  ng,  thex  pP'Ia$  % j , J*  po-wi  i}g 
thatitis-allotv’d  by  Scah^ty^. Hedefyi^  and 
other.  Writers-  v^ruq  I ,J\aye  flre^d  Whe- 
ther they  were  founded  op  ^Hiftory^jor  .ilo- 
Kiance?  andca^ca  the  Authors  tli,a^j^at  §^he 
SubjAjj;,  qjf-  ea^Q  j^amuja,,  tEjat  'Reader,  by 

comparing  them,  might  he  able  to  judge  the 
better  .of  the^e.t^abiliues,, and  ;>h-is.  skill  in 
Scenical;  Perfoftma/i^g)  ] ,Bu$  yjibj  yae^Bpqt . hp 
allow’d  to  .borrow 

Write/s,  r I prefmnq tp  be 
his  oway  andAvhenj^Piaoy.t^r^e  woijptjl  g P^e't 
tranilatiug  whole  Scenes  trom.othersWntings, 
I hope  we  iv ay  without  offepce  cal]  him  a Pla- 
giary : -which  -if, granted,  1 may  accufe  Mr.. 
‘Dryden  .of  'Theft,  notw-ithHanding  this  De- 
fence^gad  inform.tl)ey(j^^{ier,  thathe  equivo- 
cates in  this  Ini. lance  of  Oedipus ::  for  thp’  he 
Hole  not  from  Corn(il{e^m  that  Play,,, yep  he 
has,  borrow’d  very; much  from  the-  Oedipus  Ty- 
r omits -.of  1 Sophocles.,  as.  dikewife  frpm  that,  of 

Seneia.  , • , Wwidw  ( 4 

' For  the  Plot  read  the  French  Novel  call’d 
‘ Don  Sebaflian  Roy  de  ‘Portugal  ,t\:d.n{\sted  into 
Engl)  Ih.  Fajconcejhs  his  Anacephaltfofis,  Jive 
. . r - ‘ Jumma 


'Dramati'ck  Potts-  -,i  6% 

fumtnd  Capita  Aft  or  urn  Return  Lu fit  anile y Ana- 
Cctp/y.  ao.  See  befidesothCr  Writers  ot  the  Af- 
fairs  of  Portugal  about  iy'78',  in  which  year 
Sebaftian  asiulfd.  ' " \ 

Luke- -of  Cuife^  a Tragedy  adied  by  Their 
Ma]elfie's''Se'rvants,  Vfrit¥eii  pby  Mr.  iDrftdeny 
and  Mr.*  -printeti ‘in  gu'arto  Land.  -i<58'j; 
and  dedicated’  to  the  Ri^ht  Honourable  Lau- 
rence Earl  of  Rochefter.  This  Play  touiid  fe- 
ver al  Enemies  ail  ics^firlt  appearance  on  the 
Stkge  :•  the  Nation  at  ^fotytiftYe  being  in -a  fer- 
ment about  the  Succelfion,  which  occafion'd 
feveral  Pamphlets,  /rc  iaii<d  ~cony  to  be  publlfht. 
The  main  Plot  is  bo rro \V’dJfrom  Laviht^ Meze- 
ray , and  other  W riteiA  ©P  'dieiAfFairs  6f  Charles 
the  Ninth,'  as  T.  Mafl)ieuy  Memoir es  de  C aft  el- 
naU.  See  befides  Thuanus,  L.93.  The  Story 
of  Malicorn  the  Conjurer -may  be  read  iif  Reffet's 
Hiftoires'Lr unique' s en  la  Lie  de  Can'opetp0'  p'fta.9. 

Evening  s Love , or  'The 5 Mock  A/lroJogeri  a 
Comedy  adted  at  the  Theatre-Royal  bv  His  Ma- 
jefties  Servants,  printed  m quarto  Lbrid.  i6yi. 
and  dedicated  to  his  Graft'  JLilliam  Duke  ox 
JLevocaJlle.  This  Play  is  in  a manner  wholjv 
flollen  from  the  Frenih1  being  patcht  up  from 
Corneille’s  Le  Feint  Ajlrohgue  ; Molliere's  Leptf: 
amoreux  'y  and  his  Les  PPecieufes  'Ridicules  ■; 
and  Qpinault’ s LAgnant  Indftcreet : .not;  to  men- 
tion little  Hints  borrow ’d,  Iran?  Thakefpear  y 
Tetronius  Arbiter  &c.  The  main  Plot  of  this 
Play  is  built  on  that  ot  Corneille's^  or  rather 
Calderons  Play  call’d  El  Ajh  dogo  fingifo , w hi  c h 
Story  is  like  wile  copied  Scudery  ‘in  his 

Romance  call’d  Ibrahim , or  the  Iiluftrious  BaJJ a 
L 2,  1®. 


164  An  Account  of  the 

in  the  Story  of  the  French  Marquefs.  Aurelias 
affectation  in  her  Speech  p.  31.  is  borrow’d 
from  Molliere'  s Les  Precieufes  Ridicules.  The 
Scene  between  Alonzo  and  Lopez  p.  3<x.  is  tran- 
ilated  f rom  Molliere' s Depit  amoreux , Aft  a.Sc.6. 
Camilla's  begging  a new  Gown  of  Don  Melchor 
p.  61.  from  the  fame.  Aft  1.  Sc.  1.  The  Love 
Quarrel  between  JVild-blood  and  Jacinta ; MaJ- 
cal  and  Beatrix  ; Aft  4.  Sc.  the  laff : is  copied 
from  the  fame  Play,  Aft  4.  Sc.  3,  and  4.  The 
Scene  of  JVild-blood \ Jacinta , &c.  being  dif. 
cover’d  by  Aurelia's  falling  into  Alonzo's  Arms, 
p. 73.  fee.  is  borrow’d  from  Quinault's  L'Amant 
Indifcreet , Act  y.  Sc.  4. 

Kind  Keeper , or  Mr.  Lhnberham , a Comedy 
afted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre , by  his  Royal 
Highnefs’s  Servants ; printed  in  quarto  Lend. 
1680.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
John  Lord  Vaughan.  In  this  Play,  (which  I 
take  to  be  the  belt  Comedy  of  his)  he  fo  much 
expos’d  the  keeping  part  of  the  Town,  that 
the  Play  was  ftopt,  when  it  had  but  thrice  ap- 
pear’d on  the  Stage  ; but  the  Author  took  a be- 
coming Care,  that  the  things  that  offended  on 
the  Stage  were  either  alter’d  or  omitted  in  the 
Prefs.  One  of  our  modern  Writers  in  a (liort 
Satyr  againjl  Keeping , concludes  thus ; (r) 

Dryden  good  Man  thought  Keepers  to  reclaim , 
JVritaKind  Satyr,  call'd  it  Limberham. 
This  all  the  Herd  o/Letchers Jlraight  alarms , 
From  Charing-Crofs  to  Bow  was  up  in  Arms± 
They  damn'd  the  Play  all  at  one  fatal  Blow , 
And  broke  the  GlaJ’s  that  did  their  ‘Picture  Jbovr. 


(t)  CLcve\  Poems,  p.  9-j. 


In 


Dramatic!:  Poets.  1 6$ 

In  this  Play  he  is  not  exempt  from  borrow- 
ing feme  Incidents  from  French  and  Italian 
Novels  : Mrs.  Saintly  s difeovery  of  Love-all  in 
the  Cheft,  Aft  i.  is  borrow’d  from  the  Novels 
of  Cynthio  Gyraldi;  fee  prima  parte  Deca  3 *. 
jVov.  3.  The  fame  Story  is  in  The  Fortunate 
Deceiv'd,  and  Unfortunate  Lovers , fee  Nov.  7. 
Deceiv'd  Lovers.  Mrs.  Brainficks  pricking  and 
pinching  him,  A&  3.  Sc.  a.  is  copied  from  the 
Triumph  of  Love  over  Fortune , a Novel  writ  by 
M.  S.  Bremond,  or  elfe  from  TLelotide  of  M.  de 
Pais:  but  thele  are  things  not  worthy  to  be 
urg’d  againffc  any  One,  but  Mr.  Dryden , whofe 
Critical  Pen  fpares  no  Man. 

Indian  Emperor , or  The  Conquejl  of  Mexico 
by  the  Spaniards , being  the  Sequel  of  the  Indian 
Queen,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1670.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Moll:  Excellent  and  moll  Illuflri- 
ous  Princefs  Anne  Dutchefs  of  Monmouth  and 
Bucclugh-  This  Play  is  writ  in  Heroick  Verfe, 
and  has  appear’d  on  the  Stage  with  great  Ap- 
probation, yet  it  is  not  wholly  free  from  Pla- 
giarie ; but  iince  they  are  only  Hints, and  much 
improv’d,  I {hall  not  mention  the  Particulars. 
Ths  fufficicnt  for  me  to  obferve  in  general  that 
he  has  borrow’d  from  Plutarch,  Seneca , Mon- 
tague, Fletcher,  &c.  Mr.  Dryden  in  the  Second 
Edition  to  this  Play,  prefixt  a Piece  intituled, 
A Defence  of  an  EJJay  of  Dr amatick  Poefy , be- 
ing an  Anfwer  to  the  Preface  of  The  Great  Fa- 
vourite, or  The  Duke  of  Lerma : but  upon  fome 
confiderations  our  Author  was  obliged  to  re- 
draft it.  For  the  Plot  of  this  Play  ’tis  founded 
chiefly  on  Hiftory,  See  Lopez  de  Gomara  Hid. 

L 3 Gene- 


1 6$  An  Account  of  tk 

Geyppalde  las  Jnoas^  &,  de  ConcjuiUa  de  iSM.exi.co. 
JAe  Bry  America  $>\ rs.  <9.  L.  7.  Ogkby' s -America 
Chap.3.  Seit.-»i  o.  de  Bek,  -.Hlfp.  L.a 5. 

Cap.  3,;  Four  L^tjt^rSiprinted  ini  fev.eral  Lan- 
guages. 

Marriage  A-la-niode^  a Comedy  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal  by. Their.  tNJajellies  .Servants ; 
printed  in  quarter  Ipw4-  11673/  andAdedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable'  the  Laid  ofi Rochejier. 
This  Play  tho’  lfil’4 . ih\the  Title-page  a Co- 
medy, is  rat  her  atTmgi-Comcd  yy  and  confifts 
of,  two  different  Actions;  the  one  Serious^  the 
ether  Cotfiic:^  bo.th  borrow’d  from  two  Stories 
which  the  Author  has  taekt  together.  The 
Serious  Part  is  founded  on  .the  Story  of  Sefo- 
dr  is  and  1 imareta  411  [the  Grand  Cyrus , Part  9. 
Rook  3.  and  the  Characters  0f  Talamede  .and 
from  tjje  lathe  Romance, Pair  .<5.  Bki. 
See  the  .Hillary  of  Tmian.tes  and  Parthenia.  I 
might  mention,  affb.  the  Story  of  Nogaret  in 
The  Annals  of  Arctf,.  front  whence  part,  of  the 
Character  of  $Dqi afaf  was,  poUibly  borrow'd ; 
gnd  LesContep  di'QHvjlk  par  tie  premiere  p. 1 3, 
from  whence  the  Fancy  01  Melmthdy  making 
Court  to  her  fell  in'BbodophiTs  Name  is  taken  \ 
'but  this  is  ufual  without Poet. 

Mijtaken  Husband)  a .Comedy  ailed  by  His 
Ma jellies  Servants  .at  the  TheatresRoyaf  and 
printed  m quarto  Fond.  1 This  Play  Mr. 
IPryden  was  not  the  Author  ofj  trio  hwas  a- 
dopted  by  him,  as  an  Orphan,  which  might 
well  deferve  the  Charity  of  a Scene  which  he 
bellowed  on  it.  It  jisof  the  nature  of  Farce , 
of  .as.  the  French  term  it  Byffc  Comedie ? as  Mr. 
• • } , Bent- 


Dramatic!:  Potts.  167 

Bentley  the  ttooI^Felleir  ha's  pbfeily ’d  ’Tis 

writ  on  the  'Model  of  ‘Plautus's  MRn&fttni : 
and  I have  read  a S^r^^ftraewhat  like  'it  in 
L' Amant  Of/if.  Tonie  in- 

rf'A'Ar  :: 

Oedipus,  a T ragedy  a&ecl  at1  his  Royal’  High- 
nefs  the  Duke’s  Theatre,'  written  by  Mr.'Dy- 
den  and  Mr.  Lee , printed  in  q u a r to :Lond.  1 6 qg. 
This  Play  is  certainly  otic 'of  the  belt  Trage- 
dies We'haVe  extant  ; die  Ahthofs  having  bor,- 
row’d  many  Ornaments  not  only  froth  ^ppectes9 
but  alfo  from  Seneca  V though  in  requital  Mr. 
‘Dry den  has  been  pleas’d  to  ar  raign  the  Memory, 
of  the  later  by  taxinghinT(*)  of  Running  after 
1 Philofophical  Notions  more  proper  for  the 
( Study  than  the  Stage.  Ay"  for  Corneille,  lie  has 
fcouted  him  for  failing  in  the  Character  of 
his  Hero,  which  he  calls  ah’ Error  in  the  firff 
Concodlioh : tho’  poflibly  ’twas  fo  in  him  to 
fall  upon  two  liich  Great  Men,  without  tiny 
provocation,  and  to  whom  he  has  been  more 
than  once  oblig’d  for  beautiful  Thoughts.  As 
to  the 'Plot ’tis  founded  on  the  Tragedies  of 
Sophocles  and  Seneca. 

Rival  Ladies,  a T ragi-Comcdy,  a died  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  ,167.9. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Roger 
Earl  of  Orrery.  This  Dedication  is  in  the  Na- 
ture of  a Preface  written  in  Defence  of  Englifh 
Verfe.  The  Authors  Sentiments  were  after- 
wards controverted  by  Sr.  Robert  Howard,  in 
the  Preface  to  his  Plays  : to  which  Arguments 
Mf  dOrydyn  reply ’d,  towards  the  end  of  his 
At'  Bp.ftk  to  Reader*  fxj  Preface, 

L 4 Diiii 


168  An  Account  of  the 

Dramatick  Fifty.  Sc..  Robert  made  a Rejoynder, 
when  he  publifht  his  Duke  of  Lerrna  : arid  Mr. 
'Jdryden  anfwer’d  him  again  in  the  Preface  to 
]iis  Indian  Etnperourys  I nave  already  obferv’d. 

I beg  leave  of  my  Reader,  to  make  one  Re- 
mark on  this  Preface,  to  Rectify  the  following 
miflake  committed  by  our  Author.  He  fays, 
4 That  Tlje  Tragedy  pf  ggeen  Gorbuduc  was  writ- 
ten in  Englifh  Verfe and  confequently  that 
4 Verfe  was  not  fo  much  a new  way  among!!  us, 
4 as  an  old  way  new  reviv'd  : and  that  this  Play 
4 was  written  by  the  late  Lord  Buckhurjl , after- 
4 wards  Earl  of  'Dorfet. 

Mr.  ibrydcKj  as  well  as  Sr.  Fopltnp , notwith- 
standing his  Smattering  in  the  Mathematicks, 
is  out  in  his  Judgment  at  Tennis : forfirfl  (tho’ 
His  Ma  jellies  late  Hifbnographer)  he  is  mi- 
staken in  the  Title-page  .*  and  I muft  crave 
leave  to  tell  him  by  the  by,  that  1 never  heard 
of  any  Such  Queen  of  Brittain , any  more  than 
he,  of  any  King  that  was  in  Rhodes.  Nay  fur- 
ther had  he  confplted  Milton  % Jhllory  of  Eng- 
land \ or  any  other  Writers  of  Brute’s  Hiflory, 
nav,  even  the  Argument  of  that  very  Play,  he 
would  have  found  Gorbuduc  to  have  been  the 
lafl  King  of  that  Race,  at  lealt  the  Father  of 
Eerex  and  Torrex , in  whom  terminated  the 
Line  of  Brute : and  consequently  would  not 
have  permitted  fo  grofs  an  Error  to  have  efcapt 
his  Pen  for  Three  Editions:  tho’  it  may  be 
Mr.  T)rydens  Printer  was  as  much  to  blame  to 
print  (Iueen  for  Ring,  as  he  ironically  accufes 
Sr.  Robert’s  for  Setting  (hut  for  open.  There  are 
other  Errata’s  in  Hiflory,  which  I might  im- 

1 pute 


Dramatick  Poets.  1 6y 

fute  at  leafl  to  Mr.  Dtydens  Negligence ; but 
Hull  at  prefent  wave  them.  In  the  mean 
time  I mult  acquaint  the  Reader,  that  however 
Mr.  Dryden  alledges  that  this  Play  \yas  writ 
by  the  Lord  Buckhurjl , I can  allure  him  that 
the  three  firll  Aits  were  writ  by  Mr.  Thomas 
Norton : and  that  the  Play  it  fell  was  not  writ- 
ten in  Rime,,  but  blank  Verfe,  or  if  he  will 
have  it,  in  profe  mefuree , fo  that  Mr.  Sbakefpear 
notwithllanding  our  Author’s  Allegation,  was 
not  the  firll  beginner  of  that  way  ot  Writing. 

As  to  his  Oeconomy,  and  working  up  of  his 
Play,  our  Author  is  not  wholly  free  from  Pil- 
lage, witnefs  the  lallAit;  where  the  Difpute 
between  Amideo , and Hippolito;  with  Gonjalvd% 
fighting  with  the  Pirates,,  is  borrow’d  from  Te~ 
tronius  Arbyter,  as  the  Reader  may  fee  by  read- 
ing the  Story  pf  EncoJpius , Giton,  Eumolpusy 
and  Try p ban  a,  aboard  Licas  s Vellel  (y).  To 
fay  nothing  of  the  Refemblance  of  the  Cata~ 
Jirophe  with  that  of  Scarron’s  Rival  Brothersy 
Novel  the.  Fifth. 

Secret  Love,  or  The  Maiden  Queen  ; a Tragi- 
comedy ailed  by  His  Majellies  Servants  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  printed  m quarto  Lond.  1679. 
I have  already  made  fome  obfervations  on  his 
Preface,/).  145.  and  cannot  pafs  by  his  making 
ule  of  Bayes's  Art  of  Tranfverfing,  as  any  One 
may  oblerve  by  comparing  the  Fourth  Stanza 
ofhis  Firll  Prologue, with  the  lafl  Paragraph  of 
the  Preface  to  Ibrahim.  As  to  the  Contrivance 
of  the  Plot,  the  ferious  part  of  it  is  founded 
on  the  Hiftory  of  Cleobuline  Queen  of  Corinth, 

(y)  Nut.  Vm.  p,  360.  &c. 


Part 


1 7ro  'jtri  Acifviihi  6f  the 

Part  *.  Book  a.  The  Chara&drs  of  'Celadon, 
Fibrirriel,  OUnda,pr\A  Shbzria,  are  borrow'd  from 
thcStoVy;ofj Vjfijlates  arid  Cerintha  in  the- Grand 
Cyrus.,  Tart  9.  Book  3 . and  from  the  Story  of  the 
French ' MftVquejFm  Ibrahim , Part  2.  Book  1. 

Sir  Martin  Mar -all,  o r The  Feign’d  Innocence , 
d Comedy  a&ed  'at  His  Highnels  the  Duke  of 
Torris  Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  /.<?#</.  id  78. 
This  Play  is  generally  afenb’d  to  Mr.  Fryden, 
tho’  his  Name  be  not  affix’d  to  it.  But  in  re- 
ality the  Foundation  of  it  is  originally  French  : 
and  Whoever  will  compare  it  with  M.Iuinault's 
II Amdrti  Indipcret , and  Molliere  s L’Etourdy, 
cu  le  centre  temps , will,  find  not  only  the  Plot, 
but  a great  part  of  the  Language  of  Sr.  Martin 
and  his  Man  IF inter  borrow’d.  There  are  fe- 
Vcrai  other  Tunis  of  the  Plot  copied  from  o- 
ther  Authors ; as  JVarner's  playing  on  the  Lute 
inf  lead  of  his  Mailer,  and  his  being  furpriz’d 
by  his  Folly;  See  Francion  written  by  M Fu 
Tare  Lib.  7.  Old  FMoody  ahd  Sr.  John . being 
hoiffied  ,UP  in  their  Altitudes,  is  taken  (atleaft 
the  hint  of  it)  from  Shaker  ly  Mar  mi  oris  Fine 
Companion , Act  y Sc'.  1 . The  Song  of  Blind 
Love  to  this  Hour , (as  I have  already  obferv’d 
(*}  ) is  tranflated  from  a Song  made  by  M.  de 
■FoituYC : tho-’  I mull  do  Mr.  Fryden  the  Juflice 
to  acquaint  the  World,  that  he  has  kept  to'  the 
Scncfc,  knd  the  lame  Meafure  of  Verfe. 

Sprinifh  Fryar , or  The  Fouble  F (ft every,  a 
Tragi  comedy  adted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre; 
printed  in  quarto  Land.  x6Si.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Bight  Honourable  John  Lord  H aught  on, 

(jp  toe  lies  dc  M.  V eiturc,  9.-45  7. 


Dramatick  Poets.  17 1 

Whether  Mr.  'Dry den  intended  his  Character 
of.  'Qominick  as  a Satyr  on  the  Rotnifti  Priefts 
only,  pr  on  the  Clergy  of  all  Opinions  in  ge- 
neral, I know  not : but  fure  I am,  that  he 
might  have  fear’d  hi's  Reflecting  Quotation  in 
the  Front  of  his  Play  : A - r 

Ut  melius  pojfis  filler  e fume  togam. 

But  the\truth  is,  ever  fince  a certain  Worthy 
Bifliop  refus'd  Orders  to  a certain  Poet,  IVfr. 
'Dry den  has  declar’d  open  defiance  againft  the 
whole  Clergy ; and  fince  the  Church  began  the 
War,  he  has  thought  it  but  Juftice  to  make 
Reprafals  on  the  Church.  Mr.  ‘Dry den  who  is 
famous  for  collecting  Obfervations,  and  Rules 
for  Writing/ has:  learnt  this  great:  .Arcanum 
froth  his  Brother  Poet,,  the  Tutor  to  Tacheca 
in  the,  Comedy  of  the  Reformation  ( a)  ; ;3 4  That 
4 this  one  piece  of  Art  of  Reflecting  in  all  he 
4 writes,  on  Religion  and  the  Clergy j has  fet 
4 off'  many:  an  indifferent  Play,  by  the  titila- 
4Uonit  affords  the  Gallants,  who  are  fere  to 
4 get  thofe  Verfes  all  by  heart,  and  fill  their 
4 Letters  with  them  to  their  Country  Friends. 
But  whatever  fuccefs  this  way  of  Writing  may 
find  from :the  Sparks,  it  can  never  be  approv’d 
on  by  fobecMen : and  there  arc  none  who  have 
any,  lenfe  of  Religion  themfelves,that  can  with- 
out concern  fufFdr  it  to  be  abus’d  ; and  none  but 
Apofjiatcs  or  Atheills  will  be  fo  impudent  to  at- 
tempt .fan;  and  thb  real  caufe  of  their  Envy 
and  Malice  is  the  fame  with  that  of  the  Em- 
peror to  his  Sbn  slureng-zebe  {hf  which  with 
Reference  to  the  Clergy  may  be  thus  apply’d. 

(3)  Act  4.  y.  S.  I'd,  Aureng-\etn,c<ct  i.  p.jo. 

Our 


172  An  Account  of  the 

Our  Clergy's  [act  ed  Virtues  fliine  too  bright, 

‘ They  flap}  too  fierce:  their foes  like  birds  of  night. 
Shut  their  dull  Eyes , and ficken  at  the  fight. 

The  Comical  Parts  of  the  Spanijh  Fryar,  Lo- 
renzo,  and  Elvira , are  founded  on  Monfieur  S. 
Bremond\  Novel  call’d  the  Pilgrim. 

State  of  Innocence , or  The  Fall  of  Man , an 
Opera  written  in  Heroick  Verfe,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  1678.  and  dedicated  to  Her  Royal 
Highncfs  the  Dutchefs.  Whether  the  Author 
has  not  been  guilty  of  the  highefl  Flattery  in 
this  Dedication,  I leave  to  the  Reader’s  Judg- 
ment ; but  I may  prefume  to  fay,  that  there 
are  fome  Exprellions  in  it  that  leem  (train’d , 
and  a Note  beyond  Ela;  as  for  Inflance,  4 Your 
4 Perfon  is  fo  admirable  that  it  can  fcarce  re- 
ceive addition,  when  it  (hall  be  glorified: 
4 and  yopr  Soul,  which  flnnes  through  it,  finds 
4 it  of  a Subftance  fo  near  her  own,  that  (he 
4 will  be  pleas’d  to  pafs  an  Age  within  it,  and 
4 to  be  confin’d  to  fuch  a Pallace.  This  Dramma 
is  commended  by  a Copy  of  Verfes  written  by 
Mr.  Lee  ; and  the  Author  has  prefixt  an  Apo- 
logy for  Heroick  Poetry,  and  Poe  tick  Licence. 
The  foundation  of  this  Opera  is  fetcht  from 
Mr.  Milton  % Paradife  Lofi.  How  far  our  Au- 
thor has  tranferib’d  him,  I (hall  leave  to  the 
inquiry  of  the  Curious,  that  will  take  the  pains 
to  compare  the  Copy  with  the  Original. 

Tempefi , or  The  Inchanted  IJland , a Comedy 
a£ted  at  His  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  Tork'% 
Theatre,  and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1676. 
This  Play  is  originally  Shakefpear's  (being  the 

firfl 


Dramatick  Pdets.  17  j 

"firfl:  Play  printed  in  the  Folio  Edition)  and 
was  revis’d  by  Sr.  D’ Avenant  and  Mr.  Dryden. 
The  Character  of  the  Saylors  were  not  only 
the  Invention  of  the  former,  but  for  the  mo  ft 
part  of  his  W riting : as  our  Author  ingenioufly 
confefleth  in  his  Preface.  ’Tis  likewxfe  to  his 
Praile,  that  he  fo  much  commends  his  deceas’d 
Predeceflor.  But  as  to  his  Reflections  on  Mr. 
Fletcher , and  Sr.  John  Suckling  for  having  co- 
pied, the  One,  his  Sea  Voyage , tve  other,  his 
Goblins , from  this  Play ; I believe  were  Mr. 
'Dryden  to  be  try’d  by  the  fame  Standard,  moffc 
of  his  Plays  would  appear  Copies. 

Troilus  and  Crejfida,  or  Truth  found  out  to» 
late  ; a Tragedy  a£ted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
to  which  is  prefixt  a Preface  containing  the 
Grounds  of  Criticifme  in  Tragedy,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  1 and  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Honourable  Thomas  Earl  of  Sunderland.  This 
Play  was  like  wife  firfl  written  by  Shakejpeary 
and  revis’d  by  Mr.  Dryden , to  which  he  added 
feveral  new  Scenes,  and  even  cultivated  and 
improv’d  what  he  borrow’d  from  the  Original. 
The  lafl  Scene  in  the  third  A£t  is  a Mafter- 
piece,  and  whether  it  be  copied  from  Shake- 
fpear , Fletcher , or  Euripides , or  all  of  them,  I 
think  it  jnftly  deferves  Commendation.  The 
Plot  of  this  Play  was  taken  by  Mr.  Shake  [pear 
from  Chaucer ’s  Troilus  andCrejJida ; which  was 
tranflated  (according  to  Mr.  Dry  deny  from  the 
Original  Story,  written  in  Latine  V.erfe , by 
One  Lolliusy  a Lombard. 

Tyranick  Love , or  The  Royal dMartyr,  a Tra- 
gedy avted  by  His  Majefties  Servants  at  the 

Thea- 


174  An  Account  of  the 

Theatre-Royal,  printed  in  quarto  Lbnd.  id'-”, 
and  dedicated  to  the  Moll  Ilh'firious  Prince 
’James  Duke  of  Monmouth  and  BucclughJ  This 
Tragedy  is  writ  in  Heroick  Verie  : and  feieral 
Hints  are  borrow’d  from  other  Authors,  but 
much  improv’d.  Only  cannot  but  obierve 
that  whenever  the  Criticks  purfue  him,  he 
withdraws  for  fhelter  under  the  Artillery  of 
the  Ancients;  and  thinks  by  the  difcharge  of 
a Quotation  iron!  a Latine  Author,  to  del kov 
their  Criticifius.  Thus  in  the  Preface  to  his 
Play,  he  vindicates  the- following  Line  in  his 
Prologue ; 

t-.  x And  he  who  fervikly  creeps  after  Settee  ■ 
c ’ dsfafe ; ------ 

By  that- Quotation  of  H&racey 
Serpft  humi  tutus.  n . . 

So  he  jultifies  the  following  Lineiin  the  end  of 
the  Fourth  Act : 

With  Empty  Arms  emhaoeydu  whilft you fleep, 
From  this  E^prcllion  in  jAirgil, 

■ - ViKuh  ainpleStitur  (Jinis. 

I could  cite  you  other  puffages  out  of  his  Con- 
puejt  of  Grenada,  Indian  Btmper or ? State  of  In- 
nocence ^ &cs  but  thefe  are*  fhfhcient  to  fhew, 
how  much Selfyufiificdtion  is  an  Article  of  Our 
Author’s ’Creed.  ! Asko-d’Soiplot  of  this  Tra- 
gedy ’tis  founded  on  Hiftor-y;  feeiZofimusJi.^., 
Socratesy LtfCi lyfi  • -H&todiam  Miji.  L.y.  and  8. 
Juh  CapMinh,  mWtthMtmJmr 

Wild  Gallant,  a Comedy  acted  at  the  Theatre 
Royal  by  Their  Majefties'  Servants,  aHd’pri'n- 
ted  in  quarto  Lond.  1669.  This  Play  tho’ the 
lalt  mention’d^  by  reafdn  of  the  Alphabetical 

Or- 


fyrawatick.  Po^fc.  i 7 £ 

Order  throughout  o.bferv.’d,  \yas  yet  „the  fir  ft 
attempt  which  ou$  Author,  made  in  Draiuaticjv 
Poetry;  and  hiet  with.6»t  'mditfetept Sujieei^ 
in  the.  Aclion.  . The  Plot,  he  confefles  was  nob 
originally ^ his,v  ow%\buty  however. 
inueh. alter’d  and  beautified  .it,  we  will  jo. him 
thefipn^pr;  to  call  hith  the,  Author  of 
tial/apL  ^s  he  has  do.ne  ,$x.  Robert  Hpfmrd% he 
Author  of  the  Duke  of  Lertm  (CJ  : andyby  way 
of  "Excule  I fhairtranf^fibe  hi„  own  Ioines  id 
? New  Brother  of 


Miracle  to  fee  ‘a  firllgoodlHay^- 
v-^//  Mk&thi trns'dcrrjM-bfafM  on  Chf  Mfh&t^da  fj 

' "-Mn'd jfysad  Sndbufytifh'ft:: t 

ffifibJftlSlwks  learty  Jure  wit Bfome  Tdtdi/ouVfl^ 
But'mtManran  £e\Falfta Wfat-atfpMy  •> 

ahtf  anil:.  - ; ■ a wiVrnkr.  fit  Kdi  'fro/  _ 

brother  ^Triungs  hnd;Tranfa<5tions,  a*  far  ay 
they,  are  come  tq,  my .Knowdfdge,,- 
be^inAylth  thofe  in  yirfe^  becaufe  ‘^eajpB  a£ 
^¥ASPBif  P refp?Vt  SiibjeAb-  . There 


printed  in  quarto  Lot}/  x 6sfi-  , Annus  Mira* 
hil'iSy  The  Tectr  &f  PP^ondtYs.  1 6/6,  An  Hiftorical 
! Poem  defejubing  thfe d&yteff<T@frwk lihci Fire 
of  London^  ■ priared-in'^lstaso.  • 
falom  and  -tfchitogfely-  '■  p tinted  in  vpuxo- .Band, 
1682,  . This  lafl,  with  ieveral  other  of  his 

(c)  Defence  of  {Yi'AOraWiffc^  Tfffy  rl:  W ffctlLi-'y 
& ' &0, j» d S i$U’«  1 v.  VOt  7 ft*  \ / 

V P o- 


*7  6 An  Account  of  tbi 

Poems,  as  the  TMedal,  Mach  Flecknoe , Crc.  are 
printed  in  A Co  lie  St  ion  bf ‘Poems , in  o£tavo  Lond. 
1(584.  Sylva,  or  a Second  Volume  of  Poetical 
tSMtfcellahies , in  oftavo  Lend.  i68y.  Religio 
Laid,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1681.  Ihrenodia 
Auguflalis , or  a Funeral-Pindarique  Poem  on 
King  Charles  the  Second,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1685-.  Hind  and  Panther,  in  quarto  Lond. 
1687.  Britannia  Rediviva : a Poem  on  the  Birth 
of  the  Prince,  in  Fol.  Lond.  1688. 

In  Profe  he  has  writ  An  EJJ'ay  of  Dramatick 
Poetry , in  quarto  Lond.  1668.  Vindication  of 
the  Duke  of  'Guife , in  quarto  Lond.  1683.  The 
Life  of  Plutarch , in  o&avo  Lond.  1683.  And 
iome  "Theological  Pieces  which  I have  not  by 
me  at  prefent.  He  has  tranflated  The  Hijlory 
of  the  League.  The  Life  of  St.  Xavier,  &c. 

Now  that  Mr.  Dryden  may  not  think  him- 
Jelf  flighted  in  not  having  fomeVerfes  inferr- 
ed in  his  Commendation ; I will  prefent  the 
Reader  with  a Copy  written  by  Mr.  Flecknoe, 
and  leave  him  to  Judge  of  his  Wit,  and  Mr. 
Dry  den  % Gratitude,  by  comparing  the  Epiftle 
Dedicatory  to  his  Kind  Keeper,  and  his  Satyr 
call’d  Mack  Flecknoefdith.  the  following  Epi- 
gram. 

To  Mr.  John  Dryden. 

Dryden,  the  tSMuJ'es  Darling  and  delight. 
Than  whom  none  ever  flew Jo  high  a flight. 
Some  have  their  Vains Jo  drofly,  as  from  Earth, 
Their Mufes  only  feem  to  have  tdne  their  Birth . 
Other  but  Water-Poets  are,  have  gone 
No  farther  than  to  th’  Fount  of  Helicon  •' 
And 


Drdmatick  Poets.  177 

And they'r  but  airy  Ones  vebofe  Mule j bar sup 
JVo  higher  than  to  Mount  PernalTiis  top;  [higher 
Whilft  thou  with  thine  f of feem  to  have  mounted 
Than  he  who fetcht from  Heaven  Celefiial  Fire: 
And  dofl  as  far furpafs  all  others , as 
Fire  does  all  other  Elements  J'urpafs. 

Thomas  Duffet. 

An  Author  altogether' unknown  to  me,  but 
by  his  Writings*,  and  by  them  I take  him  to 
be  a Wit  of  the  third  Rate : and  One  whofe 
Fancy  leads  him  rather  to  Low-Comedy,  and 
Farce,  than  Heroick  Poetry.  He  has  written 
three  Plays ; Two  of  which  were  purpofely  de- 
fign’d  in  a Burlefque  Stile : but  are  lntermixt 
with  fo  much  Scurrility,  that  inflead  of  Di- 
verting, they  offend  the  model!  Mind.  And  I 
have  heard  that  when  one  of  his  Plays,  viz. 
The  Mock  Tempejl  was  ailed  in  Dublin , feveral 
Ladies,  and  Perfons  of  the  bed  Quality  left  the 
Houfe : fuch  Ribaldry  pleafing  none  but  the 
Rabble,  as  Horace  fays  ; (c) 

Of  enduntur  enimy  efuibut  eft  c<\Husp*r  patcry<&rti: 
Ntc  fi  quid  frifti  cictris  probat  y&  me  is  empttr} 
v/Etfuit  accipiunt  animuy  donant-vt  corona. 

Mock  Tempejl , or  The  Enchanted  Caflley  a 
Farce  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  16*77.  The  Defign  of  this  Play 
was  to  draw  the  Town  from  the  Duke’s  Thea- 
tre, who  for  a confiderabie  time  had  frequented 
that  admirable  reviv’d  Coniedy  call’d  The  Tern. 

(e)  De  Arte  Vatina. 

Ptf- 


M 


178  An  Account  of  the 

Temped.  What  fuccefs  it  had  may  be  learnt 
from  the  following  Lilies ; ( f ) 

The  dull  Burlefque  appear'd  with  Impudence, 

. And pleas'd  by  Novelty jor  want  ofSence. 

All  except  trivial points , grew  out  of  IDate  ; 
Parnafius  fpoke  the  Cant  of  Billingfgate : 
Bomdlefs  and  Mad,  dif order’ d Rime  was  feen ; 
Di f guts' d Apollo  chang’d  to  Harlequin. 

This  Tlague  which  firjl  in  Country  Towns  began , 
Cities  and  Kingdoms  quickly  over -ran  ; 

The  dutteB  Scr tilers fotne  Admirers  found, 
And  the  Mock-Tempell  was  a while  renown  d^ 
But  this  low fluff the  Town  at  laB  defpis’d 
And [corn'd  the  Folly  that  they  once  had priz’d. 
Tfyche  Debauch’d ’ a Comedy  ailed  at  theThea- 
tre  Royal, and  printed  8  *  *Lond.  1678.  This  Mock 
Opera  was  writ  on  purpole  to  Ridicule  Mr. Shad- 
well's  Tjyche , and  to  fpoil  the  Duke’s  Houle, 
■which,  as  has  been  before  obferv’d,  was  then 
more  frequented  than  the  King’s.  This  Play  is 
as  Scurrilous  as  the  former. 

Spanijh  Rogue , a Comedy  ailed  by  His  Ma- 
jelties  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1674. 
and  dedicated  to  Madam  Ellen  Guin.  Tho’ 
this  Play  far  exceed  either  of  the  former,  yet 
I cannot  commend  it,  neither  do  I think  Co- 
medy a fit  fubjeil  for  Heroick  Verle  ; few  of 
them  being  writ  in  Rime,  in  our  Language ; 
and  of  thole  few,  fcarce  any  of  them  have  luc- 
ceeded  on  the  Englilh  Stage. 

Our  Author  has  writ  nothing  elle  that  I know 
of,  but  a Book  of  Poems,  Songs,  Prologues,  and 

Epilogues,  printecl.in  offiavp  LondyG^G. 

(t  ) Buytiah'i  - Art  «£  • jp«  f* 

• Tho- 


Dramatic!:  Poets.  I79 

Thomas  Durfey, 

A Perfon  now  living,  who  was  firft  bred  to 
the  Law,  but  left  that ; rugged  way;  for  the 
Howry  Fields  of  Poetry.  He  is  accounted  by 
fome  for  an  Admirable  Poet,  but  it  is  by  thole 
who  are  not  acquainted  much  with  Authors, 
and  therefore  are  deceiv’d  by  Appearances,  ta- 
king that  for  his  own  Wit,  which  he  only  bor- 
rows from  Others : for  Mr.  Durfey  like  the 
Cuckow,  makes  it  his  bufinefs  to  fuck  other 
Birds  Eggs.  In  my  Opinion  he  is  a much  bet- 
ter Ballad-maker,  than  Thy -wright : and  thole 
Comedies  of  his  which  are  not  borrow’d,  arc 
more  ally’d  to  Farce,  than  the  true  Comedy  of 
the  Ancients.  The  Plays  to  which  he  lays 
claim,  are  Thirteen  in  Number ; viz. 

Banditti , or  A Ladies  Dtjlrefs , a Comedy 
ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  in  quarto 
JLond.  16S6.  This  Play  was  affronted  in  the 
Ailing  by  lome  who  thought  themfelves  Cri- 
ticks,  and  others  with  Cat-calls,  endeavour’d 
at  once  to  ffcifle  the  Author’s  Profit,  and  Fame : 
which  was  the  occafion,  that  through  Revenge 
he  dedicated  it  to  a certain  Knight  under  this 
Ironical  Title.  To  the  extream  Witty  and 
Judicious  Gentleman,  Sir  Critick-Cat-call.  The 
chief  Plot  of  this  Play  is  founded  on  a Ro- 
mance, written  by  Don  Francifcd  de  las  Cover as , 
call’d  Don  FeniJ'e  tranllated  into  Englilh,  in  8®. 
See  the  Hillory  of  Don  Antonio , Book  4.  p.ayo- 
The  defign  of  Don  Diego' % turning  Bandit tiy 
and  joining  with  them  to  rob  his  fuppofed  Fa- 
ther; refembles  that  of  Tipper  olio  i n Shirley's 
Play  call’d  The  Sillers,  M 1 Com - 


i8o  Ait  Account  of  the 

Common-wealth  of  W men,  a Tragi-Comedy 
ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  Their  Maje- 
jflies  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1686. 
and  dedicated  to  the  truly  Noble  and  Illuflrious 
Prince  Chriftopher  Duke  of  Albermarle.  This 
Play  is  Fletcher  % Sea-Toy  age  reviv’d,  with  the 
Alteration  of  fome  few  Scenes  ; tho’  what  is 
either  alter’d  or  added  may  be  as  cafily  difcern’d 
from  the  Original,  as  Patches  on  a Coat  from 
the  main  Piece. 

Fond  Husband , or  The  Plotting  Sifters ; a 
Comedy  ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  16-78.  and 
dedicated  to  his  Grace  the  Duke  of  Ormond. 
This  is  One  of  his  bed  Comedies,  and  has  been 
frequently  ailed  with  good  Applaufe : tho’  me- 
thinks  the  bufinefs  of  Sneak , Cordelia , and  Sir 
Roger  Petulant , end  but  abruptly. 

Fool  turn'd  Critic k , a Comedy  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal  by  His  Majeflies  Servants,  and 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1678.  The  Prologue 
to  this  Play  is  the  fame  with  that  of  Mr.  An- 
thony, and  was  I fuppofe  borrow’d  from  thence. 
The  Charailers  of  Old  IFine-love,  Tim , and 
Small-wit,  refemble  thofe  of  Simo,  Afot  us, znd 
lialio  in  the  Jealous  Lovers. 

Fools  Preferment , or  The  Three  Dukes  of 
Dunflable , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Queens  The- 
atre in  Dorfet-Garden  by  their  Majeflies  Ser- 
vants, with  the  Songs  and  Notes  to  them,  Com- 
pofed  by  Mr.  Henry  Pur  cel,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1688.  and  dedicated  to  the  Honourable 
Charles  Lord  Morpeth , with  this  familiar  Title, 
tffy  Dear  Lord,  and  fubferib’d  like  a Perfon 

of 


Dr  am  a tick  Poets.  1 8 1 

of  Quality,  only  with  his  Sir-name  Tt’Urfey. 
Nor  is  his  Epiftle  lefs  prefumptuous,  where 
he  arrogates  to  himfelf  a Play,  which  was  writ 
by  another,  and  owns  only  a hint  from  an  old 
Comedy  of  Fletcher’s,  when  the  whole  Play  is 
in  a manner  tranfcrib’d  from  the  Noble  Gentle- 
man, abating  the  Scene  that  relates  to  Bajfet, 
which  is  borrow’d  from  a late  tranflated  Novel, 
call’d  The  Humours  of'  BaJJet.  As  to  part  of 
the  firft  Paragraph  of  his  Dedication  ’tis  bor- 
row’d from  the  tranflation  of  Horace's  Tenth 
Satyr,  by  the  Earl  of  Rochejler : and  any  Man 
that  under! lands  French, and  ftiould  read  a Place 
he  there  quotes  out  of  Montaigne , would  be  lb 
far  from  taking  him  to  be  (as  he  ftiles  him- 
lelf  («)  Nephew  to  the  famous  T>’Urjfce,  the 
Author  of  the  Excellent  4Jlr<ea;  that  they 
would  rather  think  he  underftood  not  the  Lan- 
guage, or  was  extreamly  negligent,  in  fuffer- 
jng  fuch  Errata  to  go  uncorreCted.  For  my 
part,  I Ihould  rather  take  him  to  be  lineally  de- 
Icended  from  the  Roman  Celfus,  whom  Horace 
makes  mention  of  in  his  Epiftle  to  his  Friend 
Julius  Florus(h) : at  leaf!  I am  fure  the  Cha- 
racter will  fit  our  Author. 

0{*id mihi  Celfus  agit  ? monitus,  multumq,  ma- 
Privatas  ut  quxrat  opes,&  tangere  vitet\nend.m% 
Scripta , Talatinus  quacunqj  recepit  Apollo  : 
Ne,fi  forte  fuas  repetitum  venerit  olim 
Grex  avium  plumas,  move  at  cornicula  rifum , 
Furtivis  nudata  coloribus. 


(2)  Poem,  in  oft* vo,  Firfl  Edition,  pag.  6i,  (h)  £pi/f# 

L b.  1.  Ep. 


j 8 2 yin  Account  of  the 

Injur'd  Pnncefs,  or  The  fatal  Wager,  a Tragi. 
Comedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal  by  His 
Majeflies  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  bond. 
1683..  The  Defign  and  the  Language  of  this 
Play  is  borrow’d  from  a Play  call’dthe  Tragedy  of 
Cymbdine.  In  this  Play  he  is  not  content  with 
ipbbing  Shake] pear,  but  tops  upon  the  Audience 
an  old  Epilogue  to  the  Fool  turn'd  Critic  k.,  for 
a new  Prologue  to  this  Play.  So  that  what  Mr. 
Clifford  laid  of  Mr.  ‘Dryden  ('),  is  more  juflly 
.applicable  to  our  Author,  * That  he  is  a ftrarige 
‘ Unconfcionable  Thief,  that  is  not  content  to 
■ ileal  from  others,  but  robbs  his  poor  wretch- 
‘ ed  Self  too. 

Madam  Fickle , or  The  Witty  falfe  One , a 
Comedy  ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  i6yj.  and 
dedicated  to  his  Grace  the  Duke  of  Ormond. 
This  Play  is  patch t up  from  feveral  other  Co- 
medies, as  the  Charailer  of  Sir  Arthur  Old 
.Love,  is  borrow’d  from  Veter ano  in  the  Anti- 
quary , 'Lechtel'i,  creeping  into  the  Tavern  Bufh, 
and  Tilbury  Drunk  in  the  Street  under  it,  with 
a Torch,  Ably.  Sr.  a.  is  borrow’d 'from  Sir 
Reverence  Lamar d,  and  ‘Pimp-well  in  the  Walks 
of  IJlington  and  Hogfden.  There  are  other 
Hints  likewife  borrow’d  from  the  Fawn:  fo 
that  the  Author  did  well  to  prefix  that  Verfepf 
Horace  before  his  Play, 

Non  cuivis  Homini  contingit  adire  Corinthum, 
plainly  implying,  that  he  could  not  write  & 
Play  without  Healing. 

(i)  Notes  oit  Mr.  Drydedt  Poems,  />.  7. 

Roy  a- 


Dramatic  k Poets.  ,8} 

Koyalijl,  a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  The- 
atre, and  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1682.  This 
Comedy  was  well  receiv’d  on  the  Stage,  but 
patcht  up  from  Novels,  as  the  former  from 
Plays.  Witnefs  the  Try  a]  s which  Camilla  put 
upon  her  Husband  Sir  Oliver  Old-cut , for  the 
Love  of  Sir  Charles  King-love  ; which  the  Au- 
thor borrow’d  from  Boccace , Day  7.  Nov.p.  Les 
Contes  de  M.  de  la  Fontaine  pag.  47.  and  other 
Hints.  Nay  our  Author  who  fets  up  himfelf 
for  Madrig;als,  has  ftoln  the  Song  of  Hey  Boys 
up  go  &c.  in  the  fourth  Ait,  from  The  Shep- 
herds Oracle , an  Eclogue  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1644. 

Siege  of  t3femphis,  or  The  Ambitious  Queen, 
a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed 
in  quarto  Lond.  1676.  This  Play  is  writ  in 
Heroick  Verfe,  and  dedicated  to  the  Truly  Ge- 
nerous Henry  Chivers  Efq;  who  Ihew’d  him- 
felf truly  fuch,  in  defending  a Play  lo  full  of 
Bombaft,  and  Fuftian.  There  goes  more  to  the 
making  of  a Poet,  than  capping  Verfes,  or  tag- 
ing  Rimes,  ’tis  not  enough  concludere  verfum , 
as  Horace (k)  calls  it,  but  a Poet  mufi  be  fuch 
a One, 

Ingenium  cui  jit , cut  mens  divinior,  atque  os 

Magna fonatyrum,  des  nominis  hujus  honorem. 

I would  therefore  advife  all  thefe  Poetafters  in 
the  words  of  a Modem  Prologue  (')  ; 

Rimejlers,get  Wit  e'reye  pretend  to  fhevo  it. 

Nor  think  a game  at  Crambo  makes  a Toet. 

Squire  Old-fqp , or  The  Night  Adventurers , a 

(k)  5<*f.  L.i,  Sat.  4,  (1)  Prol.  to  Mhcift. 

M4  'HJ-  Co- 


184  An  Account  of  the 

Comedy  afted  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  s 
Theatre,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  i< 5 >79.  This 
Comedy  is  very  much  beholding  to  Romances 
■fop  ieveral  Incidents ; as  the  Character  of  Squire 
Old-ftp,  and  Fnnpo's  tying  him  to  a Tree,  Aft 1. 
is  borrow’d  from  the  begimng  of  the  Romance 
call’d  the  Comical  Hiftory  of  Franc  ion.  Tricky 
Jove's  cheating  Old-fap  with  the  Bell, and  Pimpo  s 
Handing  in  Henry  s place,  Aft  4.  Sc.  ?.  is  bor- 
row’d from  Boccace  s Novels , Day  p,  Nov.  8. 
The  fame  is  related  in  Les  Contes  dex J7ff.  de  la 
Fontaine  in  the  Story  intituled  La  Gageure  des 
trois  Commeres  Tom.  1,  pag..  47. . • frjpi-loye'& 
contrivance  with  Wclford , to  have  Old-fap 
beaten  in  her  Habit,  Aft  4.  Sc.  the  laft,  is  bor- 
row’d from  Boccace  Day  y.  Nov.  7.  tho’  the 
fame  is  an  incident  in  other  Plays,  as  in  Fletch- 
ers Women  Fleas' d,  London  Cuckolds, cpcl\  here 
are  other  paflages  borrow’d  likewife,  which  I 
purpofely  omit  to  repeat. 

Sir  Barnaby  Whig , or  No  Wit  like  a Womansr 
a Comedy  acted  by  their  Majeflies  Servants  at 
the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
3t58 1 . and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
George  Earl  of  Berkley.  This  Play  is  founded 
on  a Novel  of  Monlieur  S.  Bremond,  call’d  The 
Double  Cuckold ; and  part  of  the  Humor  of  Cap- 
tain ForpuJ's  is  borrow’d  from  a Play  called  The 
Tine  Companion.  " 

Trick  for  Trick , or  T he  D eb auch' d Hypocrite, 
a Comedy  afted  at  the  Theatre-Royal  by  his 
At  a jefties  Servants,  printed  in  quarto  Lond. 
1 6 -ft.  This  Play  is  only  Fletcher's  ClMonJieur 
Thomas  reviv’d  : tho’  fcarceat  all  acknowledg’d 
by  pur  Author.  Fir- 


Dramatiek  Poets.  185 

Virtuous  Wife, ox  Good  luck  at  lajl ; a Comedy 
afted  at  the  Dukes  Theatre  by  His  Royal  High- 
nefehis  Servants,  printed  4,0.  Lond.1680.  This 
Comedy  is  one  of  the  moft  entertaining  of  his; 
tho’  there  are  many  little  hints  borrow’d  from 
other  Comedies,  as  particularly  the  Fawn ; and 
the  Humor  of  Beaufort , is  copy’d  from  Tala-, 
mede , in  tJMarriage  A-la-mode. 

Befides  thefe  Plays,  he  has  written  leveral 
Songs,  which  (if  I miftake  not)  were  colle&ed 
into  one  entire  Vol.and  printed  80.  Z,o»</.i68a. 
But  I wou’d  not  have  him  afcribe  all  his  Songs, 
any  more  than  his  Plays,  to  his  own  Genius,  or 
Imagination ; lince  he  is  equally  beholding  for 
feme  of  them  to  other  Mens  pains;  Witnefs  the 
above-mention ’d  Song  in  the  Royahjl,  And didjl 
thou  not  promife  me  when  thou  hgB  by  me , jyc. 
He  has  writ  befides  other  pieces,  as  Butler's 
Ghojl,  printed  8°.  Land.  \ 682.  Toems , 8°.  Land. 
i<5pc.  Collin’s  Walk,  8°.  Lond.  i6po.  <fyc. 


Edward  Eccleston. 


A Gentleman  now  living,  the  Author  of  an 
Opera,  of  the  feme  Nature  with  Mr. 
Dry  dens  State  of  Innocence ; but  being  publifht 
after  it,  it  ferv’d  rather  as  a Foil  to  that  excel- 
lent piece,  than  any  ways  rival’d  its  Reputa- 
tion. This  piece  firfl  bore  the  Title  of 
Noahs  Flood \ or  The  Dejlruftion  of  the  World, 

an 


1 86  An  Account  of  the 

an  Opera  printed  40.  Lond.1679.  and  dedicated 
to  her  Grace  the  Dutchefs  of  Monmouth : This 
Play  not  going  off,  a new  Title  and  Cuts  were 
affix’d  to  it  in  Hillary. Term  1684.  11 then  go- 
ing under  the  Title  of  The  Cataclifm , or  Gene- 
ral Deluge  of  the  World.  Whether  Mr.  Hal- 
ford was  more  fuccefsful  than  Mr.  Took,  in  put- 
ting off  the  remainder  of  the  Imprellion,  or 
whether  the  various  Sculptures  took  more  with 
the  Ladies  of  the  Pal-mall,  than  the  Senee  did 
with  thofe  who  frequent  Paul’s  Church-Yard, 
I am  not  able  to  determine  : but  I doubt  the 
Bookfeller  ftill  wants  Cuftomers,  fince  I again 
find  it  in  the  laft  Term  Catalogue,  under  the 
Title  of  The  Deluge,  ox  The  Deftruttion  of  the 
W aid.  The  Title  fhews  the  Foundation  of  it 
to  be  Scripture. 

Sir  George  Etheridge. 

A Gentleman  fufficiently  eminent  in  the 
Town  for  his  Wit  and  Parts,  and  One  whole 
tallent  in  found  Sence,  and  the  Knowledge  of 
true  Wit  and  Humour,  are  fufficiently  confpi- 
cuous  : and  therefore  I prefumc  I may  with 
juflice,  and  without  envy,  apply  Horace’s  Cha- 
racter of  Fundanus, to  this  admirable  Author;  (*) 

Argut  a mere  trice  potes , Davoque  Chremeta 

Eludente  J'enem , comis  garrire  libeUosy 

Vnus  vivorum , Fundani. — — 

This  Ingenious  Author  has  oblig’d  theWorld 
by  publifhing  three  Comedies,  viz,. 

( a).  SafiLt h.  i.Sut.  ic. 


Comical 


Dr  am  stick  Pott!.'  187 

Comical  Revenge,, or  Love  in  a Tub,  a Comedy, 
ailed  at  his  Royal-Highnefs  the  Duke  of  2'ork's 
Theatre  in  Lincolns-Inn-fields printed  quarto 
Lond.  1 669.  and  dedicated  to  the  Honourable 
Charles  Lord  Backhur/t.  This  Comedy  tho’  of 
a mixt  nature,  part  of  it  being  ferious,  and 
writ  in  Heroick  Verlc  y yet  has  fuce^eded  ad- 
mirably on  the  Stage,  it  having  always  been 
ailed  with  general  approbation. 

dMan  of  Mode,  or  Sir  Fopling  Flutter,  a Co- 
medy ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre  printed  4.0. 
Lond.  1 676V  and  dedicated  to  her  Royal  High- 
nds  the  Dutchels.  This  Play  is  written  with 
great  Art  and  Judgment,  anti  is  acknowledg’d 
by  all,  to  be  as  true  Comedy,  and  the  Charailers 
as  well  drawn  to  the  Life,  as  any  Play  that  has 
been  Ailed  fince  the  Refhuration  of  the  En- 
glijh  Stage.  Only  I mull  obferve,that  the  Song 
in  the  lall  Ail  written  by  C.S.  is  trahflated  from 
part  of  an  Elegy  written  in  FreHch  by  Madame 
la  ComteJJ'e  de  la  SuZe,  in  Le  RbLuetl  des  Pieces 
Gall  antes,  toiri\  x.p.  4a. 

She  voou'd  if  foe  hoU'd,  a COmedy  Ailed  at 
his  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  York's  Theatre,  and 
printed  quarto  Lond  1671.  This  Comedy  is 
likewife  accounted  one  of  the  firlt  Rank,  by  le- 
veral  who  are  known  to  be  good  Judges  of 
Dramatick  Poefy.  Nay  otir  prefent  Laureat 
fays/  ( b)  ’Tis  the  bell  Comedy  written  fince  the 
Reflau ration  of  the  Stage.  I heartily  wifh  for 
the  publick  fatisfailion,  that  this  great  Mailer 
would  oblidge  the  World  with  more  of  his 
performances,  which  would  put  a flop  to  the 


crude 


1 88  An  Account  of  the 


crude  arid  indigelted  Plays,  which  for  want  of 
better,  cumber  the  Stage. 


Sir  Frantis  Fane,  Junior  ,Kmght 
of  the  Bath. 


Gentleman  now  living  at.  Fulbeck  in  Lin- 


colnshire, and  Granlbn  (as  I fuppofe)  to 
the  Right  Honourable  the  Earl  of  IVejhnorland. 
This  Noble  Perfon’s  Wit  and  Parts,  are  above 
my  Capacity  to  deferibe  ; and  therefore  I mull 
refer  my  Reader  to  his  Works, which  will  afford 
him  better  fatisfa&ion.  He  has  obliged  the 
World  with  two  Plays,  which  are  equalled  by 
very  few  of  our  modern  Poets,  and  has  Ihew’a 
that  he  can  command  his  Genius,  being  able 
to  write  Comedy,  or  Tragedy,  as  he  pleafes. 

Love  in  the  dark,  or  The  Man  of  bufinefs , a 
Comedy ; a£led  at  the  Theatre  Royal  by  his 
Ma  jellies  Servants : printed 40.  Lond.iS’-jy.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  John  Earl 
of  Rochejier.  The  Plot  of  Count  Sforza , and 
Tarthelia  Daughter,  to  the  'Doge  of  V mice,  is 
founded  on  a Novel  of  Scarron's,  call’d  the  /«- 
vtjible  Miftrefs.  Bellinganna. , Cor  nan  t o' s Wife, 
fending  Scrutinio  to  Ttivultio , to  check  him  for 
making  Love  to-her,  is  founded  on  a Novel  in 
Boccace , Day  3.  Nov.  3.  Hircanio's  Wife  catch- 
ing Junt  with  Bellinganna,  is  built  on  the  Story 
of  Socrates  and  his  Wife  Mirto , in  the  Loves 


F. 


of 


Dramatick  Poets.  1 8? 

of  Great  Men  p.79.  7 rivultios.  leemlng  to  beat 
Bellinganna , is'  grounded  on  a Story  in  jffoc- 
See  I>ay  7.  Nov.  7. 

Sacrifice , a Tragedy  printed  4,0.  1686, 

and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles 
Earl  of  Dor  Jet  and  Middlefex.  There  are  two 
Copies  of  Verfes  that  I have  feen  writ  in  Com- 
mendation of  this  Play ; one  writ  by  Mr.  Tate , 
to  the  Author,  and  printed  with  the  Play ; the 
other  writ  by  the  late  Mrs.  A.  Behn;  fee  the 
Mifcellany  Poems  printed  with  Lycidas , or  the 
Lover  in  Fafhion  8°.  p.  loz.  The  Plot  of  this 
admirable  Tragedy  is  founded  on  the  Story  of 
Tamerlane  and  Bajazet.  Many  are  the  Hiito- 
rians  that  have  given  an  Account  of  the  Affairs 
of  thefe  Great  Men.  Read  Chalcocondylas  lib.  j. 
Leunclavius  lib.6.  The  Life  of  Tamerlane  by 
Wlt.D’AJfigny,  the  fame  by  T.  Terondini ; Knolls 
his  Turkijh  Hiftory,  in  the  Life  of  Bajazet  the 
Firft.  This  Play,  the  Author  ( •)  (wanting  pa- 
tience to  attend  the  leifure  of  the  Stage)  pub- 
lilhed  without  Action.  How  much  all  Lovers 
of  Poetry  are  indebted  to  him  for  it,  I mull 
leave  to  thofe  that  are  Poets  to  deteribe I that 
am  none,  am  glad  to  fet  my  hand  to  an  Add  refs 
drawn  up  by  Mr.  Tate,  in  the  following  Lines, 

Accept  our  Thanks , t ho  you  decline  the  Stage, 
That  yet  you  condefcena  the  Trejs  t’  engage  : 
Far  while  we,  thus  pojfefithe  precious ft  ore. 

Our  Benefits  the  fame, your  Glory  more ; 

Thus  for  a Theatre,  the  World  you  find. 

And  your  Applauding  Audience,  All  Mankind. 


( a ) Eyift.  Ucdic. 


'Tis 


390  An  Account  of  the 

’Tis  not  in  Dramatick  Poetry,  alone  that  our 
Author  is  a Mailer,  but  his  Talent  is  equal  alfo 
in  Lyricks : Witnefs  three  Copies  or  Verfes 
printed  in  Mr.  Tate's  Collection  of  Poems  80. 
One  to  the  Earl  of  Rochejier , upon  the  Report 
©f  his  Sicknefs  in  Town,  ( b)  in  allufion  to  an 
Ode  in  Horace.  A fecond  to  a great  Lord  invi- 
ting him  to  Court,  or  elle  to  write  a Hillory 
in  the  Country : (c)  being  a Paraphrafe  upon 
Horace  Lib.  2.  Ode  12.  A third  to  a perjur’d 
Miftrefs,  ( d)in  imitation  of  another  Ode  of  Ho- 
race Lib.  i>  Ode  8. 

TheHonblt  Sir  Richard  Fanshaw. 

This  Excellent  Man  was  Brother  to  the 
Right  Honourable  Thomas  Lord  Fanfliaw,  of 
IVare-Tark  in  Hertfordjhire.  He  had  his 
Breeding  in  his  younger  Years  in  Cambridge : 
and  was  lo  good  a Proficient  in  Latin , French , 
Italian , Spaniflj , and  Tortugefe ; that  he  under- 
flood  them  as  well  as  his  Mother-tongue.  He 
removed  from  Cambridge  to  Court,  where  he 
ferv’d  his  Majelly  with  all  imaginable  Fidelity, 
and  Dutiful  AffeCtion.  He  was  his  Secretary 
in  Holland ’ France , and  Scotland;  and  at  IVor- 
cejler  Fight  was  wounded, and  taken  prifoner  in 
Defence  of  the  Royal  Caufe.  His  Loyalty  and 
Abilities,  were  fo  confpicuous  to  His  Majelly 
King  Charles  the  II.  that  at  His  happy  Rellau- 
ration,  He  preferr’d  him  to  be  one  or  the  Ma- 
ilers of  the  Requells;  and  afterwards  fent  him 
into  Tortuga^  with  the  worthy  Title  of  Lord 

( b ) '/ale's Mifc.  p.it.  (cjp.ij.  (d)p.KS. 

ui  Em- 


Drumtttick  Poets.  I91 

Embaflador  of  Honour,  to  court  the  prefent 
Queen  Dowager,  for  his  Mailer ; where  he  re- 
main’d three  Years,  and  difeharg’d  his  Employ- 
ment with  Honour.  In  the  Year  1544.  he  was 
fent  Embaflador  into  Spain , to  compleat  a Trea- 
ty of  Commerce,  and  to  flrengthen  the  League 
between  the  two  Crowns:  which  Affair  he 
managed  with  great  Prudence,  and  Integrity. 
He  died  at  Madrid  in  July  1666.  leaving  be- 
hind him  the  Chara£ter  of  an  able  Statefman ; 
a great  Scholar ; and  a fincere,  fweet  natur’d, 
and  pious  Gentleman.  At  prefent  we  are  only 
to  confider  his  Scholarlhip,  which  will  fuffici- 
ently  appear  by  the  feveral  Tranflations  which, 
he  has  publimt,  particularly  thofe  which  are 
Dramatick : the  nrfl  of  which  in  Order,  and 
the  moft  Eminent,  is  flil’d 

II  Tajlor  Fido , The  Faithful  Shepherd,  a Pa- 
floral,  printed  40.  Lond.  1646.  and  dedicated  to 
the  Hope  and  Luftre  of  three  Kingdoms, Charier 
Prince  of  Wales.  This  Piece  is  tranflated  from 
the  Italian  of  the  Famous  Guar  ini;  of  whofe 
Life,  by  way  of  Digreffion,  give  me  leave  to 
fpeak  fuccinilly.  He  was  a Native  of  Ferrara , 
and  Secretary  to  Alphonfus  the  II,  Duke  of  that 
Principality ; who  fent  him  into  Germany , To- 
ladd&vA  Feme,  in  the  time  of  Pope  Gregory  the 
XIII,  After  the  death  of  Alphonfus , he  was  Se- 
cretary to  Vincent  de  Gonzaga  Duke  of  Mantua, 
to  Ferdinand  de  Medicis  Great  Duke  of  Tufcany, 
who  created  him  Knight  of  the  Order  of  Saint 
Stephen,  and  to  Francis  Maria  de  la  Rover  a Duke 
of  Urhin in  all  thefe  Stations,  he  was  as  much 
admir’d  foi  Jus  Politicks,  as  Poetry.  How  much 


192  An  Account  of  the 

he  was  efteem’d  for  this  laft,  the  feveral  Aca- 
demies of  Italy  are  a fufficient  proof ; moft  of 
which  ele&ed  him  a Member  into  their  feve- 
ral Societies ; as  Git  Humorifli  of  Rome,  2><f  la 
Crufca  of  Florence , Gli  Olympici  of  Vicenza,  and 
Gli  Innominati  of  Parma , and  Git  Elevati  of 
Ferrara.  He  withdrew  from  publick  Affairs 
towards  the  latter  end  of  his  Life,  and  dwelt 
privately  at  Padua,  afterwards  at  Venice,  where 
being  about  feventy  five  Years  of  Age,  he  died 
in  the  Year  1613. 

Having  given  you  thisAbridgment  of  Guar  ini' % 
Life, I (hall  return  to  our Englijh  Author’sTran- 
flation.Tho’  in  his  Epiftle  to  the  Prince,  ‘ He 
‘ fpeaks  modeftly  of  his  Performance,  as  if  this 
* Dramatick  Poem  had  loft  much  of  the  Life  and 
‘ Quicknefs,  by  being  poured  out  of  one  Veflel, 
‘(that  is  one  Language)  into  another;  befides 
‘ the  unfteadinefs  of  the  Hand  that  pours  it ; 
‘and  that  a Tranflation  at  the  belt,  is  but  a 
‘Mock-Rainbow  in  the  Clouds,  faintly  imita- 
ting the  true  one  ; into  which  Apollo  himfelf 
‘ had  a full  and  immediate  Influence  : I fay,  not- 
withftanding  this  modefl:  Apology;  yet  Sir  John 
Ptenham  in  his  Verfes  on  this  Tranflation,  in- 
finitely commends  it : and  tho’  he  feems  to  af. 
lent  to  our  Author’s  Notions,  touching  Trari- 
flations  in  general:  yet  he  fhews  that  Sir  J?/- 
chardhzs  admirably  iucceeded  in  this  particu- 
lar Attempt ; as  the  Reader  may  fee  by  the  fol- 
lowing Lines ; where  after  having  blam’d  fer- 
vile  Tranflators,  he  goes  on  thus ; 

A new  and  nobler  JV iy  thou  doll  purfue 

To  make  Tranjlations , and  Translators  too. 

They 


Dramatick  Poets.  ig$ 

They  hut preferve  the  Afhes,  thou  the  Flame, 
True  to  his  Serif e,  but  truer  to  his  Fame. 

Foor ding  his  Current , where  thou findfl  it  low. 
Let' ft  in  thine  own,  to  make  it  rife  and flow. 
Wifely  reftoring  whatfoever  grace 
Is  loft  by  change  of  Times,  or  Tongues,  or  Tlace , 
Nor  fetter  d to  his  Numbers,  and  his  Times, 
Betray  ft  his  Mufick  to  unhappy  Rimes  ; 

Nor  are  the  Nerves  of  his  camp  aft  ed fir  ength 
' Stretch'd  and  diffolvd  into  unfinewd  length  : 
Tet  after  all  ( left  we  Jhould  thinkjt  thine f) 

7 hy  Spirit  to  his  Circle  dofi  confine , 

I have  already  faid,  that  Guarini  imitated 
Toff  os  Aminta , in  this  Pafloral ; (e)  and  I 
may  add,  that  by  the  tinqueftionable  Verdidt 
of  all  Italy,  he  outffcript  him : which  rais’d 
Taffo’s  Anger  fo  high,  that  he  cry’d  out  in  a 
great  Paffion,  Se  non  havuto  vislo  il  mio  Amin- 
ta,fyc.  If  he  had  not  feen  my  Aminta,  he  had  not 
excell d it.  Give  me  leave  to  enlarge  further, 
that  this  Paftoral  was  writ  on  the  oecafion  of 
Charles  Emmanuel,  the  Young  Duke  of  Savoys 
Marriage  with  the  Infanta  of  Spain.  The  Au- 
thor’s Defign  is  Allegorical  and  Inftru&ive,  un- 
der the  Name  of  Carino , he  perfonates  himfelf, 
and  his  chief  End  was  to  inftill  into  his  Princely 
Pupil,  under  the  difguife  of  a Dramatick  Di~ 
verfion,  the  Principles  of  Divine,  Moral,  and 
Political  Virtues. 

§tyterer  por  folo  yuerer,  To  love  only  for  Love's 
fake  ; a Dramatick  Romance  reprefented'at  A-. 
ranjuez  before  the  King  and  Queen  of  Spain,  to 
( e)  Pag. 99. 


194  An  Account  of  the 

celebrate  the  Birth-day  of  that  King,  \Thil.VF\ 
by  the  Meninas  ; which  are  a Set  of  Ladies, in 
the  Nature  of  Ladies  of  Honour  in  that  Court, 
Children  in  Years,  but  Higher  in  Degree  (be- 
ing Daughters  and  Heirs  to  Grandees  in  Spain') 
than  the  Ladies  of  Honour,  Attending  like- 
wile  that  Queen.  This  Play  was  written  in 
Spanijh , by  Don  Antonio  de  Mendoza  1623.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Queen  of  Spain : [which  was 
Elizabeth  Daughter  to  Henry  the  Great  of 
France.  ] It  was  paraphras’d  by  our  Author  in 
Englifh  in  idy^.dunng  hisConfinement  to  Tan- 
kerjly  Park  in  Torkjhire , by  Oliver,  after  the 
Battle  of  Worcejler\  in  which  (as  I have  al- 
ready obferv’d)  he  was  taken  priioner,  ferving 
his  Ma  jefty  King  Charles  the  Second,  as  Secre- 
tary of  State.  At  that  time  he  writ  on  this 
Dramatick  Romance  3 Stanzas,  both  in  Latin 
and  Englijh >,  which  may  give  the  Reader  a 
Talte  of  his  Vein  in  both  thefe  Languages; 
and  therefore  may  not  be  improper  for  me  to 
tranfcribe,  or  unpleafont  to  the  Reader  to  per- 
ufe.  1 (hall  give  the  preference  to  the  Latin 
Verfes,  Learning  and  Learned  Men  being,  I 
think,  to  bepreferr’d  before  Vulgar  Readers. 

IUe  ego,qui  [dubiis  quondam j aflat  us  in  Undis, 
Qui,dum  nunc  NAx, nunc  mihiCallra Jlrepunt) 

Lent  impor  tunas  mulcebam  Carmine  Curas , 

In  quo  PASTORIS  Flamma  FIDELIS  erat. 

At  nunc  Caftris,  Aulifq;  ejeflus  & Undis, 

(Nam  mihi  Naufragium  Tortus, fair  a §<uies); 

Altius  infurgens,Regum  baud  inta&ui  Amo  res, 
Et  Reginarum  fervidus  Arina  Cano : 

%* 


Dramatick  Potts'.  195 

[vinclis  Hymenaee  tuisJ'pretifj ; Coronis) 
Hec juga  ferre  viritm,  nec  dare  Jura  velint. 

Z>  nice  profellofos  audire  ex  Lit  ore flu  fit  us  ! 

Eq;  truci  Terr  am  dulce  videre  Mari. 

In  Englijh  thus. 

Time  was  when  /,  a Pilgrim  of  the  Seas, 
IVhen  Imidjinoife  of  Camps, ^Courts  difeafe j 
Purloin'd  fome Hours, to  charm  rude  Cares  with 

Which  Flame  of  FAITHFUL  SHEPHERD 
did  rehearfe  : 

But  now  refrain'd  from  Sea,  from  Camp,  from 
And  by  a Tempeft  blown  into  a Port ; [Court, 
I raife  my  Thoughts  to  mufe  on  higher  things , 
AndEccho  Arms  <£y  Loves  o/Queens^Kings.* 

Which  Queens  ( defpifing  Crowns  and  Hymen’s 

Band) 

Would  neither  Men  Obey , nor  Men  Command. 
(*)  Great  Pleafure,from  rough  Seas,  to  fee  the 
Shore ! 

Or  from  firm  Land  to  hear  the  Billows  rore. 

Tho’  this  Play  was  during  the  Author’s  Im- 

Jirifonment  tranflated , ’twas  not  printed  till 
ong  after  his  Death,  viz.  40.  Lond.  1671.  to 
which  is  added,  Fiejlas  de  Aranjuez,  Fefivals 
reprefented  at  Aranjuez , written  by  the  fame 
Author,  and  on  the  lame  Occafion ; and  tranfla- 
ted by  the  fame  Hand.  The  Play  it  felf  confifk 
but  of  three  A£ts  (which  the  Spaniards  call  Jor- 
nadas ) according  to  the  Spanijh  Cuftom : their 
Poets  feldom  or  never  exceeding  that  number. 
LntrtUm  L.  ». 

N z 


As 


19  <5  . An  Account  of  the 
As  to  his  other  Works,  he  writ  feveral 
Poems  in  Latin , as  a Copy  on  the  Efcurial;  an- 
other on  the  Royal  Sovereign ; and  a third  on 
Mr.  May’s  Tranflation  of^  and  Supplement  to 
Lucan.  He  tranflated  other  Pieces  into  that 
Learned  Tongue,  as  two  Poems  written  by  Mr. 
Thomas  Carevo:  Several  Pieces  he  tranflated  out 
of  Latin  into  Englijh , as  the  fourth  Book  of 
Virgil’s  cVEneids,  an  Epigram  out  of  Martial 
Lib.io.Epig.47.  Two  Odes  out  of  Horace, rela- 
ting to  theCivilWars  of  Rome , (the  Firft,Carm, 
Lib. 3. Ode  24.  The fecond,Epod.i6.)with  fome 
Sonnets  tranflated  from  the  Spanijh , and  other 
Poems  writ  in  his  Native  Language,  with  feve- 
ral Pieces,  which  you  will  find  bound  up  with 
Raft  or  Fido,  printed  8°.  Lond.  1671. 

Nor  was  it  out  of  thefe  Languages  only  that 
he  tranflated  what  pleas’d  him;  but  even 
fo  uncourted  a Language  as  he  terms  that  of 
Portugal,  employ’d  his  Pen  during  his  Con- 
finement : For  he  tranflated  Luis  de  Camoens 
(whom  the  Portugals  call  their  Virgil)  his  Lu- 
Jiad,  or  Portugal’s  Hiftorical  Poem.  This  Poem 
was  printed  fol.  Lond.  i66y.  and  dedicated  to 
the  Right  Honourable  William  Earl  of  Straf- 
ford, Son  and  Heir  to  that  Glorious  Proto- 
martyr of  Monarchy,  the  Noble  Thomas  Earl 
of  Strafford, Lord  Deputy  of  Ireland ; on  whole 
Tryal  our  Author  writ  a Copy  of  Verfes,  print- 
ed amongfthis  Poems,  p.302. 

Befides  thefe  Pieces,  Mr.  Philips  (f)  and  Mr. 
Wmftanky{ e)attribute  to  him  the  LatinVe rfion 
of  Mr.  Edmund  Spencers  Shepherds  Calendar, 

( f)  Modern  Poets,  p,  (g  j Ate.  of  the  Poets,  p.196. 

which 


Dramatick  Poets.  1 97 

which  I take  to  be  a mi  flake  of  Mr.  'Philips * 
whofe  Errors  Mr.  JVinfianley  generally  copies » 
not  having  heard  of  any  other  Tranflation  than 
that  done  by  Mr.  Theodore  BatkurB , fometime 
Fellow  of  Pembroke- Hall  in  Cambridge , and 
printed  at  the  end  of  Mr.  Spencer’s  Works  in 
fol.  Lond.  1679. 

Henry  L*  Kifcount  Faulkland. 

This  Worthy  Perlon  was  (as  I fuppofe)  Fa- 
ther of  the  prefent  Right  Honourable  Cary  Vif- 
count  Faulkland.  A Perfon  Eminent  for  his 
Extraordinary  Parts,  and  Heroick  Spirit.  He 
was  well  known  and  refpe6ted  at  Court,  in  the 
Parliament,  and  in  Oxfordjhire , his  Country, 
of  which  he  was  Lord  Lieutenant.  When  he 
was  firfl  ele£ted  to  ferve  in  Parliament,  fome 
of  the  Houfe  oppos’d  his  Admiffion,  urging 
That  he  had  not  fowl’d  his  Wild-oats : he  reply ’d. 
If  / have  not,  / may  Jow  them  in  the  Houfe, 
•where  there  are  Geefe  enough  to  pickjhem  up. 
And  when  Sir  J.  N.  told  him,  That  He  was  a 
little  too  wild for  fo  grave  a Service  ; he  reply ’d, 
Alas  ! I am  wild. \ and  my  Father  was  fo  before 
me , and  I am  no  Baftard. \ as , fee.  Eut  what 
need  I fearch  for  Wit,  when  it  may  be  fuffi- 
ciently  feen  in  a Play  which  he  writ,  (the  oc- 
cafion  of  our  making  mention  of  him)  call’d 

The  Marriage  Night , a Tragedy,  printed  40 
Lond.  1664.  I know  not  whether  this  Play 
ever  appear’d  on  the  Stage,  or  no. 

He  was  cut  off  in  the  prime  of  his  Years,  as 
much  mifs’4  when  dead, as  belov’d  when  living. 

N 1 Natha- 


I9S  An  Account  of  the 

Nathaniel  Field. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reigns  of  King 
James, and  King  Charles  the  Firlt;  who  was  not 
only  a Lover  of  the  Mufes,but  belov’d  by  them, 
and  the  Poets  his  Contemporaries.  He  was 
adopted  by  Mr.  Chapman  for  his  Son,  and  call’d 
jn  by  Old  Majjinger,  to  his  Afliflance,  in  the 
Play  call’d  The  fatal  Dowry , of  which  play 
more  hereafter.  He  writ  himfelf  two  Plays, 
which  will  (till  bear  Reading,  viz. 

Amends  for  Ladies ; with  the  merry  Pranks 
of  Moll  Cut-purfe , or  The  Humour  of  Roaring ; 
a Comedy  full  of  honelt  Mirth  and  Wit.  Afted 
at  the  Blac f Friars,  both  by  the  Prince’s  Ser- 
vants, and  the  Lady  Elizabeth' ’3;  and  printed  40 
fond.  1 639.  The  Plot  of  Subties  tempting  the 
married  Wife,  at  her  Husbands  intreaty,  feems 
to  be  founded  on  Don  Quixote’s  Novel  of  the  Cu- 
rious Impertinent , and  has  been  the  Subject  of 
many  Plays,  as  The  City  Night-cap , Amourous 
Trine e,  or  The  Curious  Husband,  Jyc.  This  Play 
was  writ  by  our  Author  as  Amends  to  the  Fair 
Sex,  for  a Play  which  he  had  writ  fome  Years 
before,  and  whofe  very  Title  feem’d  a Satyr 
pn  Womankind ; viz. 

If  Oman’s  ffeather-coch , a Comedy  a#ed  be- 
fore the  King  in  JVhite-haU,  and  feveral  times 
privately  at  the  IVhite- Friars,  by  the  Children 
of  her  Majefly’s  Revels, printed  40.  Lpnd.x6xz. 
and  dedicated  to  anv  Woman  that  hath  been 
no  ffeather-cocL  This  Play  is  commended  by  a 
Copy  ot  Veries  writ  by  Mr.  Chapman.  There  is 
one  thing  reniarkable  in  this  Play  ;and  which  for 


Dramatick  Poets.  199 

the  Author’s  Credit,  I mult  take  notice  of,  that 
the  Time  of  the  Adtion  is  circumfcrib’d  within 
the  cotnpafs  of  twelve  Hours ; as  the  Author 
himfelf  obferves  in  the  Conclufion  of  his  Play. 

Neve  was fo  ?nuch(what  cannot  Heavenly  Powers) 

Done  and  undone , and  done  in  twelve Jhort  hours. 

Richard  Flecknoe,  Efq; 

This  Gentleman  liv’d  in  the  Reigns  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft  and  Second;  and  was  as  Fa- 
mous as  any  in  his  Age , for  indifferent 
Metre.  His  Acquaintance  with  the  Nobili- 
ty, was  more  than  with  the  Mufes ; and  he  had 
a greater  propenfity  to  Riming,  then  a Genius 
to  Poetry.  He  never  could  arrive  with  all  his 
Induftry,  to  get  but  one  Play  to  be  ailed, and  yet 
he  has  printed  feveral.  He  has  publilht  fundry 
Works,  ( as  he  ftiles  them  ) to  continue  his 
Name  to  Pofterity ; tho’  poffibly  an  Enemy  has 
done  that  for  him,  which  his  own  Endeavours 
would  never  have  perfected : For  whatever  be- 
come of  his  own  Pieces, his  Name  will  continue 
whiHt  Mr.  Dry  dens  Satyr  call’d  Mack  Flecknoe , 
fhall  remain  in  Vogue.  He  has  publilht  feveral 
Pieces  both  in  Profe  and  Verfe,  which  I have 
feen ; and  he  hath  others  in  print , which  I 
could  never  obtain  a view  of : as  in  particular, 
that  Epiltle  Dedicatory,  to  a Nobleman,  which 
Mr.  Dryden  raillys  fo  ieverely  in  his  Dedica- 
tion of Limherham.  A*  to  what  Works  I have 
feen  of  his,  I fhall  give  the  Reader  a particular 
Account,  beginning  firft  with  his  Plays. 

N 4 Da* 


sop  Aft  Account  of  the 

ID  amoif tiles  ala  mode,  a Comedy  printed  in 
o£bivo  Lond.  166*1.  and  dedicated  to  their 
Graces  the  Duke  and  Dutchefs  of  NevocaJlkj 
more  humbly  than  by  way  of  Epiftle.  This 
Comedy  was  defign  a by  the  Author  to  have 
beenatted  by  the  Kings  Servants, as  the  Reader 
Jnay  fe.e  by  the  Scheme  drawn  by  the  Poe  thiev- 
ing how  he  call:  the  feveral  Parts : but  I know 
not  for  what  reafon  they  refus’d  it.  The  Poet 
indeed  fee  ms  to  give  one,  which  whether  true  , 
pr  falfe,  is  not  much  material ; but  methinks 
it  will  ferve  to  Ihew  the  Reader  his  Humour. 

‘ For  the  ailing  this  Corned , (fays  he)  (**)  thofe 
_‘  who  have  the  Governing  of  the  Stage,  have 
4 their  Humours,  and  would  be  intreated ; and 
‘ I have  mine,  and  won’t  intreat  them  : and 
‘ were  all  Dramatick  Writers  of  my  mind,  they 
‘fhould  wear  their  OldTlays  Thread-bare,  ere 
‘ they  fliould  have  any  New,  till  they  better 
‘ underltood  their  own  Intereft,  and  how  to  di- 
‘ fhnguifh  betwixt  good  and  bad.  I know  not 
whether  the  late  Duke  of  Buckingham  thought 
of  Mr.  Flecknoe  when  he  drew  the  Character 
of  Mr,  Bayes  ; but  methinks  there  is  fome  re- 
femblance  between  his  Anger  at  the  Players 
being  gone  to  Dinner  without  his  leave,  and 
Mr.  Flecknoe' s Indignation  at  their  Refilling 
his  Play  : Mr.  Bays  Teeming  to  me  to  talk  much 
at  the  fame  rate.  ‘How!  are  the  Players 
‘gone  to  Dinner?  If  they  are,  I’ll  make  them 
‘know  what  ’tis  to  injure  a Perfon  that  doe^ 

‘ them  the  Honour  to  write  for  them ; and  .all 
4 that,  A Company  of  Proud,  Conceited,  Hu? 

(h)  Preface  to  hit  Play.  : *■' 

( morous? 


Dramatick  Poets . 201 

‘morous,  CrcL-grain’d  Perfons ; and  all  that* 
‘ I’ll  make  them  the  molt  Contemptible,  DeL 
‘picable,  Inconfiderable  Perfons,  and  all  that? 
‘in  the  whole  World  for  this  Trick. 

This  Play  ( as  the  Author  in  his  Preface  ac- 
knowledges) ‘ is  taken  out  of  feveral  Excellent 
‘Pieces  of  Mottieie.  Thi  main  Plot  of  the  Da~ 
i moifelles , out  of  his  Les  Trecieujes  Ridicules ; 
‘ the  Counterplot  of  Sganarelle , out  of  his  L’Ef- 
‘ cole  des  Femmes,  and  the  Two  Naturals , out 
‘of  his  Id EJ' cole  des  Maris. 

Erminia , or  TheChaJl  Lady , printed  8°  Lond. 
i66p  and  dedicated  to  the  Fair  and  Virtuous 
Lady,  the  Lady  Southcot.  This  Play  ( tho* 
the  Aitors  Names  defign’d  by  the  Authors,  be 
printed  over  againfl  the  Dramatis  Perfon^vtas 
never  ailed. 

Love  s Dominion,  a Dramatick  Piece,  full  of 
Excellent  Morality ; written  as  a Pattern  for 
the  Reformed  Stage,  printed  8°  Lond.  163-4. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  Elizabeth  Claypole. 
In  this  Epiltle,  the  Author  infinuates  the  ufe 
of  Plays,  and  begs  her  Mediation  to  gain  Li- 
cenfe  to  ail  them.  Whether  the  Play  anfwer 
the  Title-page,  or  whether  Mr.  Flecknoe  have 
fo  regularly  obferv’d  the  three  Unities,  I {hall 
leave  to  the  Criticks. 

Love's  Kingdom , a Pafloral-Tragi-comedy ; 
not  as  it  was  ailed  at  the  Theatre  near  Lincolns- 
Inn , but  as  it  was  writteiljpknd  fince  correiled ; 
printed  8°  Lond.  16(54.  and  dedicated  to  his  Ex- 
cellency William,  Lord  Marquefs  of  Newcajile. 
This  Play  is  but  the  former  Play  a little  alter’d, 
with  a new  Title ; and  after  the  King’s  Return 

it 


202  An  Account  of  the 

it  teems,  the  Poet  got  leave  to  have  it  ailed ; 
but  it  had  the  misfortune  to  be  damn’d  by 
the  Audience,  ( which  Mr.  Flecknoe  ftiles 
The  people,  and  calls  them  Judges  without 
Judgment)  tor  want  of  its  being  rightly  repre- 
fented  to  them.  He  owns  that  it  wants  much 
of  the  Ornament  of  the  Stage;  but  that  ( he 
lays  ) by  a lively  Imagination  may  eafily  be 
fupply’d.  To  the  fame  purpofe  he  fays  of  his 
Damoifelles  a Ja  mode , (')  1 That  together  with 
‘the  Perfons  reprefented,  he  had  fet  down  the 
1 Comedians  that  he  defign’d  fhould  reprefent 

* them  ; that  the  Reader  might  have  half  the 

* pleafure  of  teeing  it  ailed,  and  a lively  Ima- 

* gination  might  have  the  pleafure  of  it  all  en- 
‘ tire. 

I fancy  Mr.  Flecknoe  would  have  been  much 
pleas’d  with  Readers  of  the  Argive  Gentlemans 
Humour  deferib’d  by  Horace  ; ( k) 

QuJ fe  ere  dehat  miros  audire  Tragoedos , 

In  vacuo  Letus  fejfor^plauforq;  Theatro. 

Who  fancy’d  he  law  Plays  ailed  in  the  empty 
Theatre  ; but  to  others  in  their  right  Sences, 
all  his  Rhetorick  could  not  have  been  able  to 
perfwade  them, that  a Play  ^^(notwithfland- 
ing  the  utmoft  force  of  Imagination)  can  afford 
half  the  pleafure  with  that  of  aPlayy^SWyfince 
the  former  wants  tne  Greatefl  Ornament  to  a 
Play,  Gracefulnefsbf  Action.  But  Mr.  Flecknoe 
-was  to  make  the  bell  of  a Bad-market ; and  fince 
he  could  not  get  his  Plays  ailed,  he  was  to  en- 
deavour to  get  them  to  be  read ; by  labour- 
(i)  Pietace,  (V  ) Ep«d,  L.i.  Ep.». 

>ng 


D ram  at  ick  Poets.  205 

ing  to  perfwade  people,  that  Imagination 
would  fupply  the  defeat  of  Action. 

Marriage  ofOceanus  and  Britannia , a Mafque, 
which  I never  faw,  and  therefore  am  not  able 
to  give  any  Account  of  it. 

Whether  our  Author  have  any  more  Plays 
in  print,  I know  not ; but  I remember  a Pro- 
logue amongft  his  Epigrams,  intended  for  a 
Play,  call’d  The  Thyfician  againjl  his  will , which 
I believe  might  be  a Tranflation  of  Molliere'% 
Le  Medecin  malgre  1uy\ but  it  was  never  publiiht 
that  I know  of.  As  to  his  other  Works,  they 
confifl  of  Epigrams  and  Enigmatical  Chara- 
cters, which  are  ufually  bound  up  with  his 
Love's  Dominion ; at  the  end  of  which  is  a fhort 
Difcourfe  of  the  Enghfh  Stage,  which  I take 
to  be  the  belt  thing  he  has  extant;  There  is 
another  Book  of  his  Writing,  call’d  Diariumr 
ox  The  Journal,  divided  into  twelve  Jornadas , 
jnBurlefque  Verfe;  with  fome  other  Pieces, 
printed  n°  Lond.  1 6?6 

John  Fletcher,  and  Francis 
Beaumont,  Efq; 

l am  now  arriv’d  at  a brace  of  Authors,  who 
like  the  Diofcuri , Cajlor  and  Tottux , fucceed- 
ed  in  Conjunction  more  happily  than  any 
Poets  of  their  own,  or  this  Age,  to  the  referve 
of  the  Venerable  Shahefpear , and  the  Learned 
and  Judicious  JohnJ'on.  ’Tis  impoflible  for  me 
to  reach  their  Characters;  and  therefore,  as 
the  Witty  Dr.  Fuller  (')  cites  Bale's,  faying  of 
0)che(hire,  p. 


Randal 


204  dn  Account  of  the 

Randal Fiigden , (m)  That  'tis  no  fhame  to  crave 
aid  in  a Work  too  weighty  for' any  ones  back 
to  bear  ; I mufl  have  recourfe  to  others  Afli- 
fb  nee,  for  the  Characters  of  this  worthy  pair  of 
Authors.  To  fpeak  firffc  of  Mt.  Beaumont fic  was 
Mailer  of  a good  Wit,  and  a better  Judgment ; 
he  fo  admirably  well  underflood  the  Art  of  the 
Stage,  that  even  JobnJ'on  himfelf  thought  it 
no  difparagement  to  fubmit  his  Writings  to 
his  Correction.  What  a great  Veneration  Ben. 
had  for  him,  is  evident  by  thofe  Verfes  he  writ 
to  him  when  living  (”).  Mr.  Fletcher' % Wit 
was  equal  to  Mr. Beaumont' % judgment, and  was 
fo  luxuriant,  that  like  fuperfiuous  Branches,  it 
was  frequently  prun’d  by  his  Judicious  Partner. 
Thefe  Poets  perfectly  underftood  Breeding,  and 
therefore  fuccefsfully  copy’d  the  Converlation 
of  Gentlemen.  They  knew  how  to  deferibe 
the  Manners  of  the  Age ; and  Fletcher  had  a 
peculiar  tallent  in  expreffing  all  his  thoughts, 
with  Life  and  Brisknefs.  No  Man  ever  under- 
flood, or  drew  the  Pafiions  more  lively  than  he; 
and  his '.witty  Raillery  was  fo  dreft,  that  it  ra- 
ther pleas’d  than  difgufted  the  modeffc  part  of 
his  Audience.  In  a word,  Fletcher  % Fancy,  and 
Beaumont' % Judgment  combin’d,  produc’d  fuch 
Plays,  as  will  remain  Monuments  of  their  Wit 
to  all  Pofterity.  Nay,  Mr.  Fletcher  himfelf  after 
Mr.  Beaumont' ’s  Deceafe,  compos’d  feveral  Dra- 
matick  Pieces, which  were  well  worthy  the  Pen 
of  fo  great  a Mafter.  Of  this,  the  following 
Lines,  writ  by  that  Excellent  Poet  Mr.  Carth- 
wiighty  are  a proof. 

pn,  Uv.cript.bnuCjsnu6.iNu.ii.  ^nj  See  bifvu  ibeigjt  Fait. 

Thd 


Dramatick  Poets.  203 

Tho  when  .^-Fletcher  writ,  and  the  entire 
tjMan  was  indulg  'd  unto  that f acred fire , [fuch. 
His  thoughts/*?  his  thoughts  dr  efi, appear'd  both 
That  ’twas  his  happy  fault  to  do  too  much  ; 
Who  therefore  wifely  did fuhmit  each  Birth 
To  knowing  Beaumont,  e’re  it  did  come  forth  ; 
IVorking  again , until  he  faid  ’twas  fit , 

And  made  him  the  J'obriety  of  his  Wit ; 

Tho ’ thus  he  call'd  his  Judge  into  his  Fame , 
Arid for  that  aid  allow'd  him  half  .he  Name, 

’ Tis  known , that  fome  times  he  did  ft  and  alone , 
That  both  the  fpunge  and pencil  were  his  own ; 
That  himfelf  judg’d  himfelfi  could fingly  do. 
And  was  at  loft  Bean  mont  and  F letcher  too. 

Fife  we  had  loft  his  Shepherdeis,  a piece , 
Even , and f moot h,fpr  mg  from  a finer  fleece , 
Where  Softnefs  reigns , where  VaJJions  Paffions 
Gentle  fy  high ,as floods  of  Balfam  meet:  [greet. 
Where, dr  eft  in  white  Exfrejfionsflit  bright  Loves, 
Dr  awn,, like  their fair  eft  §fieen,by  milky  Doves; 
A Piece , which  Johnfon,  in  a Rapture  bid. 
Come  up  a glorify  d Work,  and  fo  it  did. 

They  who  would  read  more  of  thefe  admi- 
rable Poets  worth,  may  perufe  at  their  leifure 
thole  excellent  Copys  of  Verfes  printed  with 
their  Works,  written  by  the  prime  Wits  of  the 
Age,  as  Waller , Denham,  Sir  John  Berkenhead, 
Dr.  Main,  /yc.  I am  extreamly  forry,  that  I am 
not  able  to  give  any  Account  of  the  Affairs  of 
thefe  Great  Men ; Mr.  Beaumont’s  Parentage, 
Birth,  County,  Education,  and  Death,  being 
wholly  unknown  to  me  : And  as  to  Mr.  Fletcher, 
all  I know  of  him  is,  That  he  was  Son  to  the 

Emi- 

m,  \ 


20  6 An  Account  of  the 

Eminent  Richard  Fletcher , created  Bifhop  of 
Brijloly  by  Queen  Elizabeth  An.  iyyp.  and  by 
her  preferr’d  to  London^ iypj.  He  died  in  Lon- 
don of  the  Plague  in  the  Firft  Year  of  King 
Charles  the  Martyr, i<5xy. being  Nine  and  fourty 
Years  of  Age,  and  was  bury’d  in  St.  Mary  Ove- 
ries  Church  in  Southvoarke. 

I beg  my  Reader’s  Leave  to  infert  the  Infcri- 
ption,  which  I find  writ  under  his  Piflure,  by 
that  well  known  Wit,  Sir  John  Berkenheaa ; 
•which  will  give  the  Reader  a fuller  Know- 
ledge of  his  Abilities  and  Merit,  than  I am  able 
to  exprefs. 

Felicis  dSvi , ac  Praefulis  Nat  us ; comes 
Beau montio > Jic^quippe  ‘ParnaJJus,  Biceps; 

F LETC  HERDSunam  in Pyramtdaf, ureas  agens. 
Struxit  chorum  plus  fimplicem  Hates  Duplex  ; 
Tlus  Duplicem  jolus : nec  ullum  tranjlulit ; 
Nec  transferrendus : Dramatum  <cterni  [ales f 
Anglo  Theatroy  Orbi , Sibi,fuperjlitites. 
FLETCFJERE,  facies  abfque  vultu pmgitur ; 
Quantus  ! vel  umbram  circuit  nemo  tuam. 

Where,  or  when  Mr.  Beaumont  died,  I know 
not ; but  I have  met  with  an  Epitaph, writ  by 
Dr.  Corbet , immediately  after  his  Death,  that 
well  delerves  the  Reader’s  perufal. 

On  Mr.  Francis  Beaumont. 

(Then  newly  dead.) 

He  that  hath  fuch  Acutenef  and  fuch  IHity 
As  would  askften  good  Heads  to  husband  it ; 

He 


Dramatick  Poets:  207 

He  that  can  norite  fo  well,  that  no  man  dare 

RefuJ'e  it  for  the  bcjlfet  him  beware : [appears. 
BEAUMONT  is  dead , by  whoje  foie  ‘Death 
fVit's  aDifeafe  con  fumes  men  in  few  years. 

There  are  two  and  fifty  Plays  written  by 
ihefe  worthy  Authors ; all  which  are  now  ex- 
tant in  one  Volume,  printed  fol.  Lond.  1679. 
each  of  which  I {hall  mention  Alphabetically. 

Beggers  Bufh,  a Comedy : Tms  Play  I have 
feen  leveral  times  ailed  with  applaufe.  < 

Bonduca , a Tragedy.  The  plot  of  this  Play, 
is  borrow’d  from  Tacitus' s Annals  Lib.  14.  See 
Milton  % Hiftory  of  England \ Book  2.  Ubaldim 
de  Vita  delle  Donne  Illuflri  del  Regno  d'  IngheU 
terra,  fy  Scotia,  pag.  7,  &c. 

Bloody  Brother , or  Rollo  Duke  of  Normandy , 
a Tragedy  much  in  requeft ; and  notwithftand- 
ing  Mr.  Rymer' s Criticifms  on  it,  (°)  has  (till 
the  good  fortune  toPleafe : it  being  frequently 
ailed  by  the  prefent  Company  of  Ailors,  at  the 
Queen’s  Play-Houfe  in  Dorfet-Garden.  The 
Defign  of  this  Play  is  Hiftory : See  Herodian. 
lib .4.  Yaphilini  Epit.  Dion.  in  Vit.  Ant.CaracalU. 
Part  of  the  Language  is  copy’d  from  Senecas, 
Thebais. 

' Captain , a Comedy. 

Chances,  a Comedy,  reviv’d  by  the  late  Duke 
of  Buckingham,  and  very  much  improv’d ; be- 
ing ailed  with  extraordinary  applaufe  at  the 
Theatre  in  Dorfet-Garden,  and  printed  with 
the  Alterations  Lond.  40  1682.  This  Play  is 
built  on  a Novel  written  by  the  Famous  Spa- 

( 0 ) Tra^ediet  of  the  lajt  A^e  tw.hlerul,  p.i  6,^c- 

niard 


2o8  An  Account  of  the 

niard Miguel  de  Cervantes , call’d  The  Lady  Cor * 
nelia  ; which  the  Reader  may  read  at  large  in 
a Fol.  Vol.  call’d  Six  Exemplary  Novels. 

Coronation , a Tragi-comedy. 

Coxcomb , a Comedy,  which  was  reviv’d  at 
the  Theatre-Royal,  tne  Prologue  being  Ipoken 
by  Jo.  Hains. 

Cupid's  Revenge , a Tragedy. 

Cujlome  of  the  Country , a Tragi-comedy. 
This  is  accounted  an  excellent  Play ; the  Plot 
of  Rutilio,  ‘Duarte,  and  Guyomar , is  founded  on 
one  of  CMalefpini' s Novels,  Deca.6.  Nov.  6. 

Double  Marriage , a Tragedy,  which  has 
been  reviv’d  fome  years  ago ; as  I learn  from  a 
new  Prologue  printed  in  Covent-Garden  Drolle- 
ry,  p.  14. 

Elder  Brother , a Gomedy,  which  has  been 
ailed  with  good  applaufe. 

Faithful Shepherdefi,  a Paftoral,  writ  by  Mr. 
Fletcher ya.r\6.  commended  by  two  Copies  written 
by  the  Judicious  Beaumont , and  the  Learned 
Johnfon, which  the  Reader  may  read  at  the  end 
of  the  Play : See  the  lalt  Edit.F0Lp.i3  3.  When 
this  Palloral  was  firft  ailed  before  their  Maje- 
fties  at  Sommerfet  Houfe  on  Twelfth-Night , 
1633.  inllead  of  a Prologue,  there  was  a Song 
.in  Dialogue,  fung  between  a Prieft  and  a 
Nymph,  which  was  writ  by  Sir  JVilliam  D' A- 
venant\  and  an  Epilogue  was  Ipoken  by  the 
Lady  Mary  Mordant,  which  the  Reader  may 
read  in  Covert-Garden  Drollery , pag.  86. 

Fair  Maidof  the  Inn , a Tragi-comedy.  CMa  - 
riana’s  difowning  Caefario  for  her  Son,  and 
the  Duke’s  Injunilion  to  marry  him,  is  related 


Drmattck  Poets » 209 

by  Caufin.  in  his  Holy  Court,  and  is  tranfcrib’d 
by  Wankp'm  his  HiJioxjr  of -Man,  Fol.  Book  3. 

, Chap.  16. 

Falfe  Tragedy ,3?ii is, Play  is  founded  on 

■the  Adve^tprfs  o \ Julius  Qpfar  111  MigVpt,  and 
his  Amours  jvith  Cleopatra.  See  Suetonius flu- 
tarchyDion,JppianyFloraSyFutropiuSyOrojiuSylkc. 

Four  cPhy,sy  or  MoralReprefentations  in  One  ; 
viz.  The  Trfiumph  of  Honour  ; The  Triumph  of 
Love  ; The  Triumph  of. 'Death  i The.  Triumph  of 
Time..  I know  not  whether  ever  thefe  Repre- 
sentations appear’d  on  the  Stage,  or  no.  The 
Triumph  of  Honour  is  founded  on  Roccace  his 
Novels y Day  1 ,0.  Nov^y#^  Tftiwpph  of  Lovef 
on  the  fame  Author^  Day  ffov.  8..  {The.  Tri- 
umph of  Death  on  a Novel  in  The  fortunate , 

3 Deceiv'dptA  Unfortunate  Lover Sy  part  3 . Nov.  3 . 
See  befides  Palace  of  Pleafure,  Nov.  40.  Belle- 
forejlyfcc.  The  Triumph  of  Time , as  far  as  falls 
within  my  difeovery,  is  wholly  the  Authors 
Invention. 

Honejl  Man's  Fortune. y a Tragi-Cotnedy.  As 
i to  the  plot  of  Montaigris,  being  prefer’d  by  La~ 
mira  to  be  her  Husband,  when  he  was  in  Ad- 
verlity,  and  leaf!  expe&ed  r - the  like  Story  is 
, related  by  Heyvoood  in  his.  Hijloty  of  JVometiy 
Book  9.  pag.  O41.  , 

Humourous  Lieutenant  y a Tragi-Comedy 
which  I have  often  feen  ailed  with  Applaufe. 
The  Character;  pf  the  Hupponrous  Lieutenant 
refufin'g  to^fight  after  he  was  cured  of  his 
Wounds,  refembles  the  Story  of  the  Souldier 
belonging  to  Lmullus  deferib’d  in  the  Epillles 
of  Flora ce7  Uk^z.  Jfp-.  %.  but  the  very  Storv  is 
■ . <7  , re?a- 


2 id  An  Atcdtint  of  the 

related  in  Ford's  p.  • jo-.  Hbtir  -near 

the  Poet  keeps  to  the  Hifionand  mult-leave  to 
thofe  that  will  compare  the  Play  with  the  Wri- 
ters of  the  Lives  -oLAntigonus  arid  'Demetrius , 
the  Father  and  the  Son.  See  Plut'drch’s  Life 
of  Demetrius , Diodorus , JuJtin , Appian , See. 

IJland  Princefs , a Tragi-Comedy.  This  Play 
about  three  Years  ago  was  reviv’d  with  Altera- 
tions by  Mr.  Tate , being  ailed  at; the  Theatre 
Royal,  printed  in  quarto  and  dedi- 

cated to  the  Right  Honourable :Tiekry  Lord 
JValgrave. 

King  and  No  King , a Tragi-Comedy,  which 
notwithfbnding  its  Errors  dilfeover’d  fey  Mr. 
Rymer  in  hi;s  Criticifms has  always  been  ailed 
with  Applaufe,  'and  has  lately  beih  • VeViv’d  on 
our  prelent  Theatre  with  fo  great  fnccefs,  that 
we  may  juflly  fay  with  Horace , 

Hec placuitfemel,  hac  decies  repet  it  a placehit. 

Knight  of  the  burning  Pejlle , a Comedy.  This 
Play  was  in  vogue  fome  years  fince,  it  being 
reviv’d  by  the  King’3  Houfe,  and  a hew  Pro- 
logue (mifead  of  the  old  One  in  prole)  feeing 
lpoken  by  Mrs.-’ EUeh  Guin.  The  bringing  the 
Citizen  and  his  Wife  upon  the  Stage,  was  pofli- 
bly  in  imitation  of  Ben  John/ on’s  Staple  of News , 
who  has  introduc’d  on  the  Stage  Four  Goffips, 
Lady-like  attir’d,  who  remain  durihg  the  whole 
Ailion,  and  criticife  upon  each  Scene. 

Knight  of  Malta , a Tragi-Comedy. 

Laws  of  Candy,  a Tragi-Comedy. 

Little  French  Lawyer , a Comedy.  The  Plot 
is  borrow’d  from  Gufmn  QlTkSpaniJh  Rogue, 

part 


Dramftticjk  Poets . zn 

part  a.  ch.  4.  The  Story  off  Dinant , Clermont , 
and  Lamira,  being  borrow’d  Irotn  ‘Don  Lewis 
deCaftro , and  Don  Roderigo  de  Mont  aha.  I he 
like  Story  is  in  other  Novels;  as  in  Scarrons 
Novel  called  The  Fruitlejs  Precaution ; and  in 
the  ComplaiJ'ant  Companion,  8°  p.  2.63.  which  is 
copied  from  the  above-mentioned  Original. 

Love’s  Cure,  or  The  Martial  Maid \ a Comedy. 

Love's  Pilgrimage , a Comedy.  This  I take 
to  be  an  admirable  Comedy.  The  Foundation 
of  it  is  built  on  a Novel  of  MjgUel  de  Cervantes 
called  The  Two  ‘Damfels.  ’ The  Scene  in  the 
firll  A£t,  between  Diego  the  Hoftof  CJfuna, and 
vLazaro  his  Odder,  is  ffcoln  from  Benjohnjoris 
Mew  Inn : which  I mayjajher  term  borrow’d, 
for  that  Play  mifcarrying  in. the- Action,  I 
fuppofe  they  made  ule  of  it  with  Ben’s  Content. 

Lovers  Trogrefs,  a Tragi-Comedy.  This  Play 
js  built  on  a French  Romance  written  by  M. 
Daudiguier , call’d  Lif under  and  Calijla. 

LoyalSubjeft,  a Tragi-Comedy. 

Mad  Lover , a Tragi-Comedy.  The  Defigti 
of  Cle ant  he’s  Suborning  the  Prieftefs  to  give  a 
ialfe  Oracle  in  favour  of  her  Brother  Syphax, 
Is  borrow’d  from  the  Story  of  Mundus  and  Tau~ 
AVWjdefcrib’d  at  large  by  jofephus  Lib.  1 8. Cap. 4. 
This  Play  Sr.  Aft  on  Cocikgin  has  chiefly  com- 
mended in  his  Copy  of  Verfes  on  Mr.  Fletcher’ % 
Plays.  See  the  Verfes  before  the  old  Edition, 
printed  1 6^-].  and  Cockains  Poems,  pag.  lot. 

Maid  in  the  Mill,  a Comedy.  This  Play 
amongft  othershas  likewife  been  reviv’d  by 
the  Duke’s  Houfe.  The  Plot  of  Antonio , Iftme- 
nia , and  Aminta , is  borrow’d  from  Gerardo,  a 
O % Rc* 


212  An  Account  of  the 

Romance  tranflated  from  the  Spahifh  of  Don 
Gonzalo  de  Cefpides , and  Moneces  ; fee  the  Sto- 
ry of  T>on  jayme  pag.  gyo.  As  to  the  Plot 
of  Otrante  s feizing  Florimel  the  Millers  fup- 
pofed  Daughter,  and  attempting  her  Chaftity  ; 
tis  borrow’d  from  an  Italian  Novel  writ  by 
BandeUo  ; a Tranflation  of  which  into  Fretichy 
the  Reader  may  find  in  Les  Hidoires  Tragiques 
par  M.  Belleforejl , Tom.  i . Hijl.  1 2.  The  fame 
Story  is  related  by  M.  Goufart ; fee  Les  Hi- 
Jioires admirables  de  nbtre  temps  fi>.Tom.  1 p.2.11. 

Maids  Tragedy^  Play  which  has  always  been 
ailed  with  great  Applaufe  at  the  King’s  Thea- 
tre ; and  which  had  ftill  continu’d  on  the  Eng- 
lifh  Stage,  had  not  King  Charles  the  Second, 
for  fome  particular  Real'ons  forbid  its  further 
Appearance  during  his  Reign.  It  has  fince  been 
reviv’d  by  Mr.  frailer , the  laft  Ail  having 
been  wholly  alter’d  topleafe  the  Court  : as  the 
Author  of  the  Preface  to  thefecond  partof  his 
Poems  informs  us,  and  give  us  further  the  fol- 
lowing Account:  ‘Tis  not  to  be  doubted,  who 
* fat  for  the  Two  Brothers  Charailers.  ’Twas 
‘agreeable  to  the  Sweetnefs  of  Mr.  Waller's 
‘Temper,  to  foften  the  Rigor  of  the  Tragedy, 
‘ as  he  exprefles  it ; but  whether  it  be  agree- 
‘ able  to  the  Nature  of  Tragedy  it  felf,  to  make 
‘ every  thing  come  offeafily,  I leave  to  the  Cri- 
‘ ticks.  This  laft  Ail  is  publifht  in  the  Second 
Part  of  Mr.  Watted  % Poems , printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1690. 

TMaJque  of  Grays-Inn  Gentlemen , and  the 
Inner-Temple.  This  Mafque  was  written  by 
Mr.  Beaumont  alone,  and  prefented  before  the 

King 


Dramatick  Poets.  213 

King  and  Queen  in  the  Banqueting-houfe  of 
Whitehall,  at  the  Marriage  of  the  Illultrious 
Frederick  and  Elizabeth , Prince  and  Princefs 
Palatine  of  the  Rhine. 

Monfieur  Thomas , a Comedy,  which  not  long 
fince  appear’d  on  the  prefent  Stage  under  the 
Name  of  Trick  for  Tricf 

Nice  Valour , or  The  Vajfionate  tJMad-man,  a 
Comedy. 

Night  Walker , or  The  Little  Thief y a Comedy, 
which  I have  feen  a£ted  by  the  King’s  Servants, 
with  great  Applaufe , both  in  the  City  and 
Country. 

Noble  Gentleman , a Comedy  which  was  late- 
ly reviv’d  by  Mr.  Durfey,  under  the  Title  of 
The  Fools  Preferment , or  The  Three  Dukes  of 
Dunftable. 

Philajler , or  Lovelies  a Bleeding:  a Tragi** 
Comedy  which  has  always  been  a£ted  with  Suc- 
cefs ; and  has  been  the  diverfion  of  the  Stage, 
even  in  thele  days.  This  was  the  firfl;  Play 
that  brought  thele  Excellent  Authors  in  E- 
fteem ; and  this  Play  was  One  of  thole  that 
were  reprefented  at  the  oldTheatre  in  Lincolns- 
Inn-Fields 7 when  the  Women  a£ted  alone.  The 
Prologue  and  Epilogue  were  fpoken  by  Mrs. 
tSWarJhaljaxidi  printed  in  Covent-garden  Drollery t 
pag.  18.  About  this  Time  there  was  a Pro- 
logue written  on  purpole  for  the  Women  by 
Mr.  Dry  den,  and  is  printed  in  his  t fflifceMatiy 
Poems  in  o£tavo,  p.  2.8^. 

Pilgrim , a Comedy  which  was  reviv’d  fome 
years  fince,  and  a Prologue  fpoke,  which  the 
Reader  may  find  in  Covent-gar  den  Do^ery,  p.ix. 

O % Pro » 


1 1 4 An  Account  of  the 

Trophetefs , a Tragical  Hiftory,  which  has 
lately  been  reviv’d  by  Mr.  Dryden , under  the 
Title  of  TheTrophetefs , or  The  Hijlory  of  Dio- 
de fian,  with  Alterations  and  Additions  after 
the  mariner  of  ail  Opera , rep  re  fen  ted  at  the 
Queens  Theatre,  and  printed  40  Lond.  1690. 
For  the  Plot  confult  Eufebius  Lib. 8.  Ntcephorus 
Lib.  <5.  and  7.  Fopifc.  far.  & Carin.  Aur.Filio- 
7 is  Epitome.  Eutropius  L.  p.  Baronius  An.  104. 
&c.  Orofius  L.  7-  C.  t-<5.  Cceffeteau  L.ao.  fyc. 

Qiieenof  Corinth , a'Tragi-Comedy. 

Rule  a Wife , and  have  a IVife , a Tragi-Co- 
medy  which  within  thefe  few  years  has  been 
added,  with  applatife  at  the  Queens  Theatre  in 
Dorfet-KIarden.  ' 

Scofifal-Laafp,  -al'feoraedy'afted  with  good  Ap- 
plaufe  even  in  thefe  times,  at  the  Theatre  in 
Dorfet-G'arden.  Mr.  Dryden  has  condemn’d 
the  Coriclufion  of  this  Play  in  reference  to  the 
Converlion  of  TMoor-craft  the  Ufurer  (p);  but 
whether  this  Cataflrbplhe  be  excufable,  I molt 
leave  to  the  Cnticks.  : 

Sea  Foyage,  a Comedy  lately  reviv’d  by  Mr. 
Durfey , tinder  the  Title-of  The  Common-wealth 
of  PFomen.  This  Play  i'sTuppofed  by  Mr.  Z hy- 
den,  (as  I have  obferv’d)  to  be  copied  from 
Shake  (pear's  Tempejl.  (V) 

The  Storm  which  yantfht.  on  the  neighbringfhoret 

VVas  taught  by  Shakdpears  Tempdlyft//  to  roary 

That  Innocence  and  Beauty  which  did  (mile 

In  Fletcher,  grew  on  this  Enchanted IJle. 

Spdnijh  Curate , a Comedy  frequen  tly  reviv’d 

(p)  Drain.  C.jjay,  p.  jj.  ( q)  pro),  to  the  tempe/i. 

. with 


Dramatick  Poets.  21  «jj 

-with  general  Applaufe.  The  Plot  of  Z)ot& 
Henrique,  Afcanio,  Violante , and  Jacintha,  is 
borrow’d  from  Gerardos  Hijlory  of  ‘Don  John, 
pag.  .2,02.  and  that  of  Leandro , Bartolm , Ama- 
ranth a and  Lopez, from  the  Spanijh  Curate  of  the 
feme  Author,  pag.  214.  &c. 

Thirry  and  Theodor et , a Tragedy.  This 
Play  is  accounted  by  fome  an  excellent  old  Play; 
and  therefore  ’tis  pitty  the  Compofitor  was  i'o 
earelefs  in  this  new  Edition  as  to  omit  a great 
part  of  the  fell  Abt,  which  contains  the  King’s 
behaviour  during  the  Operation  of  the  Poifon 
given  him  by  his  Mother' ; and  which  is  as 
moving  as  any  part  of  the  Play.  This  Imper- 
fection may  be  fupply’d  from  the  Copy  printed 
in  quarto,  and  I hope  the  Proprietors  of  the 
Copy,  will  take  care  in  the  next  Impreflion  to 
do  juftice  to  thefe  admirable  Authors. 

(*)  1 For  BeaumontT  Works  and  FletcherT 
Jhould  come  forth , 

* With  all  the  Right  belonging  to  their  Worth. 

The  Plot  of  this  Play  is  founded  on  Hiftory. 
See  the  , French  Chronicles  in  the  Reign  of 
Clotaire  the  Second.  See  Fredeganus  Scholajlu 
cusy  Aimoinus  Monachus  Floriacenfis , De  Serres, 
Mezeray , Crifpiny  &c. 

Two  Noble  Ktnfmen,  a Tragi-Comedy.  This 
Play  was  written  by  Mr.  Fletcher,  and  Mr. 
Shakefpear.  \ 

T xlentinian,  a Tragedy  reviv’d  not  long  ago 
by  that  Great  Wit,  the  Earl  of  Rochejler  ; a bled 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  and  printed  in  quarto 

< ^IpOCkAi'i -bfigr.  L.%:  E’..  V.  v ‘ 

O 4 i6Sf> 


2 1 6 An  Account  of  the 

1685%  with  a Preface  concerning  the  Author 
and  his  Writings.A'LFor  the  Plot  fee  the 
Writers  of  thofe'Kftnes;  as  Cajfidori  Chron.  ; 
Slmm.  dMarcell.  Hid.  Evagrius  Lib.  2.  'Proco- 
pius, &c. 

Wife  for  a Month y a Tragi-Comedy.  This 
Play  is  in  my  poor  Judgment  well  worth  revi- 
ving, and  with  the  alteration  of  a judicious 
Pen,  would  be  an  excellent  Dramma.  The  Cha- 
racter and  Story  of  Alphonfo , and  his  Brother 
Frederick's  Carriage  to  him,  much  refembles 
the  Hiltory  of  Sane  ho  the  Eighth,  King  of  Leon. 
I leave  the  Reader  to  the  perufal  of  his  Story 
in  Mariana,  and  Louis  de  CM  ay  erne  Turquet. 

Wtld-Goofe  Chafe , a Comedy  valued  by  the 
belt  Judges  of  Poetry. 

Wit  at- [ever al Weapons,  a Comedy  which  by 
fome  is  thought  very  diverting ; and  poflibly 
was  the  Model  on  which  the  Characters  of 
the  Elder  Tallatine  and  Sr.  LMorglay  Thwack 
were  built  by  Sr.  William  D'  Avenant,  in  his 
Comedy  call’d  The  Wits. 

Wit  without  Money,  a Comedy  which  I have 
feen  aCted  at  the  Old  Houle  in  little  Lincolns - 
Inn-Fields  with  very  great  Applaufe ; the  part 
of  Valentine  being  play’d  by  that  compleat  ACtor 
Major  (jMohun  deceas’d.  This  was  the  firft  Play 
that  was  aCted  after  the  Burning  the  King’s 
Houfe  in  Drury -lane : a New  Prologue  being 
writ  for  them  by  Mr.  Dry  den,  printed  in  his 
•AMifcellany  Poems  in  oCtavo,  p.  2.85-. 

Woman  Hat er,  a Comedy.  This  Play  was 
reviv’d  by  Sr.  William  D' Avenant,  and  a new 
Prologue  (inftead  of  the  old  One  writ  in  prole) 


Dramdtick  Poets.  21 7 

•was  fpoken,  which  the  Reader  may  perufe  in 
Sir  Williams  Works  in  Fol.p.  249.  This  Play 
was  one  of  thofe  writ  by  Fletcher  alone. 

Women  pleas' d,  a Tragi -comedy.  The  Comi- 
cal parts  of  this  Play  throughout  between  Bar- 
tetto , Lopez,  Ifabella,  and  Claudio,  are  founded 
on  feveral  of  Boccace' s Novels : See  Day  7. 
Nov.  6.  and  8.  Day  8.  Nov.  8. 

Womans  Prize,  or  the  Tamer  tanid,  a Come- 
dy, written  on  the  fame  foundation  with  Shake - 
[pear's  Taming  of  the  Shrew ; or  which  we  may 
better  call  a Second  part  or  counter-part  to 
that  admirable  Comedy.  This  was  writ  by  Mr. 
Fletcher's  Pen  likewife. 

I wifh  I were  able  to  give  the  Reader  a 
perfect  Account  what  Plays  He  writ  alone  ; 
in  what  Plays  he  was  aflifted  by  the  Judicious 
Beaumont,  and  which  were  the  Plays  in  which 
Old  Phil. MaJJinger  had  a hand : but  Mr.  Charles 
Cotton  being  dead,  I know  none  but  Sir  Ajlon 
Cockain  (if  he  be  yet  alive)  that  can  fatisfy  the 
World  in  this  particular : all  that  I can  fay,  is 
that  moll  of  thefe  Plays  were  a6led  at  the 
Globe  and  Blac[  Friars,  in  the  Time  of  thole 
ACtors  Taylor,  Lovoin,  Burbage,  fee.  This  Ac- 
count I receiv’d  from  Sir  Ajlon  Cockain' s Poems, 
who  writ  an  Epiftle  to  his  Cofen  Charles  Cotton , 
(r)  concerning  thefe  excellent  Authors,  part 
of  which  I fhall  tranferibe  for  the  Reader’s  bet- 
ter Satisfaction,  and  becaufe  his  Poems  are  not 
very  common. 


(t)  Poems  QFiavq,  f.  91. 

Tis 


2 1 8 An  Account  of  the 

’Tis  true, Beaumont  «»</Fletcher  both  were fuch 
Sublime  JVits,none  could  them  admire  too  much ; 
They  were  our  Engliflo  Foie -Stars , and  did  bear 
Between  them  all  the  IV orld  of  Fancy  clear : 
But  as  two  Sms  when  they  do  fine  to  us. 

The  Air  is  lighter , they  prodigious  ; 

So  while  they  liv'd  and  writ  together,  we 
Had  Flays  exceeded  what  we  hop'd  to fee. 

But  they  writ  few  ; for  youthful  Beaumont J'oon 
By  Death  eclipfed  was  at  his  high  Noon. 
Surviving  Fletcher  then  did  Fenn  alone 
Equal  to  both , ( pardon  Comparifon  ) 

And  fufferd  not  r^eGlobe^Black-F  riar’r  Stage 
T envy  the  Glories  of  a former  Age. 

As  we  in  Humane  Bodies  fee  that  lofe 
, An  Eye,  or  Limb,  the  V jrtue  and  the  Ufe 
Retreat  into  the  other  Eye  or  Limb, 

And  makes  it  double.  So  I fay  of  him  : 
Fletcher  was  Beaumont’r  Heir, and  did  inherit 
His  fe arching  Judgment, and  unbounded  Spirit. 
His  Flays  were  printed  therefore,  as  they  were 
Of  Beaumont  too,  becaufe  his  Spirit's  there. 

I know  no  Poems  writ  by  Mr.  Fletcher  ; but 
Mr.  Beaumont  has  a Poem  extant  call’d  Salma- 
cis  fy  Hermaphroditus,  printed  Lond.  40  1602. 
and  whiclvwas  again  re-printed  with  his  Elegy 
of  Love  ; Elegies,  Sonnets,  and  other  Poems, 
8° Lond.  i6f$.  Our  Author  joyn’d  with  the 
Famous  Johnfon , and  Middleton,  in  a' Comedy 
called  The  JVidow.  Of  this  Play,  fee  more  un- 
der the  Name  of  Ben.  Johnfon. 

John 


Vranutick  Poets.  219 

John  Ford. 

A Gentleman  of  the  TMiddle-T emple7  who 
liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  Ring  Charles  theFirft: 
Who  was  a Well-wifher  to  the  Mules,  and  a 
Friend  and  Acquaintance  of  moft  of  the  Poets 
of  his  Time.  He  was  not  only  a Partner  with 
Rovoly , and  Decker  in  the  Witch  of  Edmonton^ 
(of  which  fee  an  Account  in  Rovoly)  and  with 
Decker , in  The  Sun's  Darling , but  writ  like- 
wife  himfelf  feven  Plays ; moft  of  which  were 
adted  at  the  Phoenix,  and  the  Black- Friars:  and 
may  be  known  by  an  Anagram  inflead  of  his 
Name,  generally  printed  in  the  Title-page,  viz. 

FIDE  HONOR. 

He  was  more  addi£led  to  Tragedy,  than  Co- 
medy ; which  occafion’d  an  Old  Poet  to  write 
thus  of  him. 

Deep  in  a Dump  John  Ford  was  alone  got 

With  folded  Arms , and  melancholy  Hat. 

I fhall  give  an  Account  of  his  Plays  Alpha- 
betically, and  place  The  Suns  Darling  in  its 
order,  becaufe  the  greatefl  part  of  it  was  writ 
by  our  Author. 

Broken  Hearty  a Tragedy  a£ted  by  the  Kings 
Majefties  Servants,  at  the  private  Houfe  in 
B lack- Fry ars,  printed  40  Lond.  1633.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  moft  Worthy  Deferver  of  the  No- 
bleft  Titles  in  Honour,  William  Lord  Craven , 
Baron  of  Hamftead-Marjhal.  The  Speakers 
Names  are  fitted  to  their  Qualities ; and  moft 
of  them  lire  deriv’d  from  Greek  Etimologies. 
Fancies 


220  An  Account  of  the 

Fancies  Chaji  and  Noble , a Tragi-comedy, 
preferred  by  the  Queen  Majefties  Servants,  at 
the  Phoenix  in  ‘Drury  Lane ; printed  40  Lend. 
1638.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Noble  Lord, 
the  Lord  Randell Macdonell , Earl  of  Antrim  in 
the  Kingdom  of  Ireland.  This  Play  is  ufher’d 
into  the  World  by  a Copy  of  Verfes,  written 
by  Mr.  Edward  Greenfield. . 

Ladies  Try al,  a Tragi-comedy  ailed  by  both 
their  Majefties  Servants,  at  the  private  Houfe 
in  Drury  Lane ; printed  40  Lond.  1639.  and  de- 
dicated to  his  Defervingly  Honoured  John 
JVyrley  Efq;  and  to  the  Virtuous  and  Right 
worthy  Gentlewoman  Mrs.  Mary  Wyrley  his 
Wife. 

Lovers  Melancholy , a Tragi-comedy  ailed  at 
the  private  Houfe  in  the  BlacfFryars,  and 
publickly  at  the  Globe  by  the  Kings  Majefties 
Servants ; printed  40  ZaW.  162.9.  and  dedicated 
to  his  moll  worthily  Refpeited  Friends,  Na- 
thaniel Finch , John  Ford \ Efquires ; Mr.  Henry 
Blunt , Mr.  Robert  Ellice,  and  all  the  reft  of 
the  Noble  Society  of  Grays-Inn.  This  Play  is 
commended  by  four  of  the  Author’s  Friends ; 
one  of  which  who  ffciles  himfelf  ’O  #L®-,  writ 
the  following  Tetraflick. 

’Tis  not  the  Language  nor  the  for e-p lac  d Rimes 

Of  Friends,  that  Jhall  commend  to  after -times 

The  Lovers  Melancholy : Its  own  W orth. 

Without  a borrow'd  Praij'e , fiall f it  it  forth. 

The  Author  has  Embellifht  this  Play  with 
feveral  Fancies  from  other  Writers,  which  he 
has  appofitely.br ought  in ; as  the  Story  of  the. 

Con** 


Dr  am  At  ick  Poets^  22 1 

'Contention  between  the  Mufician  and  the 
Nightingale  ; defcrxb’d  in  Stradd s Academical 
Prolufions,  Lib.-t,.  Prol.6.  which  begins, 

Jam  Sol  e medio  promts  dejluxerat  Orbe,&.c. 

A Definition  and  Defcription  of  Melancholy, 
copied  from  the  Ingenious  Mr.  Rob.  Bur  ton' % 
Anatomy  of  Melancholy,  <jyc. 

Love's  Sacrifice , a Tragedy,  receiv'd  gene„ 
rally  well ; a£ted  by  the  Queens  Majefties  Ser„ 
vants,  at  the  Thoenix  in  Drury  Lane ; printed  40 
Lond.  1633.  and  dedicated  to  his  trueft  Friend, 
his  worthieft  K.infman,John  Ford  o’sGrays-Inn 
Efquire.  There  is  a Copy  of  Verfes  printed 
before  this  Play,  written  by  that  Dramatick 
W l iter  Mr.  James  Shirley. 

Ter  kin  War  beck,  a Chronicle  Hiflory,  and  2 
Strange  Truth, a£ted(fometimes)by  the  Queens 
Majefties  Servants  in  Drury  Lane\  printed  40 
Lond.  1634.  and  dedicated  to  the  Rightly  Ho* 
nourable  William  Cavendijh  Earl  of  Newcaftk. 
This  Play  as  feveral  of  the  former,  is  attended 
with  Verfes  written  by  Four  of  the  Author’s 
Friends ; one  of  which  is  his  Kinfman  above- 
mentioned.  The  Plot  is  founded  on  Truth, 
and  may  be  read  in  moll  of  the  Chronicles  that 
have  writ  of  the  Reign  of  King  Henry  the  VII. 
See  Caxton , Toll  dor  e Firgil,  Hollingfhead , Speedt 
Stow , Salmonet , Du  Chefne , Martyn,  Baker, 
Gaynsford's  Hiflory  of  Terkin  Warbeck , &c. 

Sun's  Darling,  a Moral  Mask,  often  prefent- 
ed  by  their  Majefties  Servants,  at  the  Cockpit 
in  Drury  Lane , with  great  applaufe ; printed 
40  Lond.  16 yy.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Thomas  Wriathejley,  Earl  of  South, 
ampton. 


222  An  Account  of  the 

ampton.  This  Play  was  written  ( as  I have 
faid)  by  our  Author  and  Decker •,  but  not  pub- 
li£ht  till  after  their  Deceafe.  A Copy  ol  V.effes 
written  by  Mr.  John  Tate  ham,  is  the  Introdu- 
ction to  the  Mafque ; at  the  Entry  whereof 
the  Reader  will  find  an  Explanation  of  the  De- 
lign,  alluding  to  the  Four  S..alons  of  the.  Year. 

its  pity Jhe’s  a whore , a Tragedy  printed  4.0 
I can  give  no  further  Account  of  the  Title- 
page,  or  Dedication,  mine  being  loft.  All  that 
I can  fay  is,  that  it  equalls  any  of  our  Author’s 
Plays  ; and  were  to  be  commended,  did  not  the 
Author  paint  the  inceftuous  Love  between  Gi- 
ovanni, and  his  Sifter  Annahella , in  too  beauti- 
ful Colours. 

~$At.winftanly  fays,(f)  that  this  Author  was  ve- 
ry beneficial  to  the  Red-Bull , and  Fortune  Play- 
Houfes ; as  may  appear  by  the  Plays  which  he 
wrote ; tho’  the  Reader  may  fee  by  the  fore- 
going Account  that  he  takes  his  Information 
upon  truft,  or  elfe  the  Plays  he  has  feen  are  of 
different  Editions  from  thofe  I have  by  me : 
but  I rather  believe  the  former,  fince  I have 
found  him  fubjeCt  tQ  feveral  Miftakes  of  this 
Nature. 

Thomas  Ford. 

An  Author  who  liv’d  in  the-Reigrt  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft,  who  publifht  a Dramatick 
Poem,  call’d 

Love's  Labyrinth , or  The  Royal  Shepherdefs9 
x Tragi-comedy,  printed  8 Q Lond.  1660.  This 

(1)  Live  % of  the  Ptels,  p.  1 14. 


Dramatick  Poets.  223 

'Play is  commended  by  two  Copies  of  Verfes:  but 
whether  ever  it  appear’d  on  any  Stage,  I cannot 
determine;  only  this  I know,  that  part  of  this 
Play  is  ftollen  from  Gomerfal's  Tragedy  of  Sfor- 
za  Duke  of  Millain.  Mr.  Philips  thro’  miuake 
afcribes  this  Play  to  the  above-i  -ention’d  Mr. 
John.  Fotd.  . 

This  Author  has  writfeveral  other  Pieces, 
Virtus  Rediviva,  a Panegyrick  on  King  Charles 
the  Martyr:  A Theatre  of  Wits,  being  a Col- 
lection of  Apothegms:  Fenejlra  in  TeSlore ; 
or  a Century  of  Familiar  Letters : Fragments 
Toetica ; or  Poetical Diverfions : A Panegyrick 
on  the  Return  of  King  Charles  the  Second.  All 
thefe  Pieces,  with  the  fore -going  Play,  are 
printed  together  in  8°  Lond.  1661. 

- '"t  ! 

John  Fountain. 

A Gentleman  who  fiourifh’d  in  Ttevcnjhire. 
at  the  time  of'his  Majefty  King  Charles  the  Se- 
cond his  Return;  and  was  the  Author  of  a 
fingle  Play  nam’d, 

Reward  of  Virtue,  a Coinedy,  printed  in  4*. 
Lond.  1661.  This  Play  was  not  defign’d  for  the 
Stage  by  the  Author ; but  about  eight  Years  af- 
ter thefirft  printing,  Mr.  Fountain  being  dead, 
it  was  reviv’d  with  Alterations,  by  Mr.  Shad- 
‘ well,  and  aCted  with  good  Applaufc,  under  the 
Title  of  7 he  Royal  ShepherdeJ's. 

Abraham  Fraunce. 

An  Ancient  W riter  who  liv’d  in  the  time  of 
Queen  Elizabeth,  and  was  the  Author  of  a 

Book 


®24  An  Account  of  tbt 

Book  called,  1 he  Comte/s  of  Pembroke’^  Ivy 
Church  '. ; which  Title  in  former  Catalogues  was 
let  down  as  the  Name  of  a Play  in  2 Parts,  tho’ 
in  reality,  there  is  but  one  Dramatick  Piece, 
call’d, 

Amintas's  Tajloral ’ being  the  firft  part  of  the 
Book,  printed  of  Lond.  i^pi.  and  dedicated  to 
theRight  Excellent  and  molt  Honourable  Lady, 
the  Lady  May,  Countefs  of  Pembroke.  This 
Play  is  writ  in  Engliflj  Hexameters , and  is  a 
Tranflation  from  Ta/J'o’s  Aminta;  which  was 
done  into  Latin  by  one  Mr.  Watjon, before this 
Verlion  was  undertaken  by  our  Author.  He 
owns  that  he  has  fomewhat  alter’d(t)Sig  T.TaJ/'o’s 
Italian , and  Mr.  W tit  oris  Latins  Amin  t as,  to 
make  them  both  one  Englijh. 

Notwithstanding  Mr.  Chapman  in  his  Trans- 
lation of  Homer , and  Sir  Philip  Sidney  in  his 
Eclogue Sj  have  practic’d  this  way  of  Writing ; 
yet  this  way  of  Imitating  the  Latin  Meafiires 
ofVerfe,  particularly  the  Hexameter,  is  now 
laid  afide,and  the  Verle  of  Ten  Syllables, which 
we  ftile  Heroic k Verfe , is  moll  in  li  fe.  If  this 
Tranflation  be  allow’d  grains  for  the  time  when 
*twas  writ,  ’twill  be  excus’d  by  the  more  inode- 
rate  Criticks ; tho’  if  compar’d  with  the  Tranf- 
lation which  was  afterwards  printed  in  1 62$. 
or  that  more  Modern  Verfion  done  by  Dancer, 
at  the  King’s  Return,  ’twill  appear  inferior  to 
either  in  Value. 

The  Second  Part  goes  under  the  Title  of 
E hi  His  funeral ; and  it  is  writ  in  the  form  of 
Eclogues , being  divided  by  the  Author  into 

(t)  Epift,  lied.  t 


twelve 


DrAmAtick  Poets.  225 

twelve  Parts,  which  he  itiles  Days.  This  Poem 
is  likewife  writ  in  Hexameters  ; to  which  is 
annext  in  the  fame  Meafure,  The  Lamentation 
of  Cory  don  for  the  Love  of  Alexis.  This  is  a 
Tranflation  of  the  fecond  Eclogue  of  Virgil 
Verfefor  Verle.  The  Author  added  likewife 
the  begining  of  The  <y£thiopick  Hiftory  of  He - 
liodorus,  in  the  fame  Species  of  Metre. 

With  thefe  Pieces  are  commonly  join’d  an- 
other of  our  Authors  Writing,  call’d  The 
Countefs  of  Temhrok.es  Emanuel ; Containing 
the  Nativity,  Paffion,  Burial,  and  Refur  region 
of  Chrift ; together  with  certain  Pfalms  of 
David,  all  in  Englijh  Hexameters ; printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  iypi.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Excellent  and  moft  Honourable  Lady,  the  Lady 
tSMary,  Countefs  of  Temhroke ; by  the  follow- 
ing Diftick. 

Mary  the  heft  Mother  fends  her  bejl  Babe  to  a. 

Mary, 

Lord  to  a Ladies  Sight , and  Chrift  to  a Chridiatt 

Hearing. 

HAr.Thillips  fays  ("),  That  he  writ  fome  other 
things  in  Hexameter , and  Tentameter , and  the 
lame  writes  Mr.  Winftanley  (*) : tho’  I doubt  the 
former  takes  his  Opinion  upon  Truft,  and  the 
later  does  not  X believe  know  a Tentameter  from 
an  Afclepiade  Verfe.  The  truth  is,  there  are  no 
Tentameter s throughout  the  Volume:  but  in  the 
laft  Act,  there  is  a Scene  between  ThiUis  and 
Amintas  (which  whether  it  be  in  the  Original, 
I queftion)  where  this  pair  of  Lovers  fing 

(u)  Medew  toePh  . CO  of  tk? 

P * 


226  Ah  Account  of  the 

fome  Afckpiades , which  I fuppofe  is  the  Occa- 
fion  of  the  miftake : tho’  I cannot  but  wonder 
at  Mr.  fVinflanleys  negligence,  that  when  he 
copied  out  the  begining  of  Heliodorus,h.t  fliould 
not  inform  himfelf  better ; but  I hope  my  fmall 
pains  may  be  ferviceable  to  his  next  Imprellion. 
Neither  is  his  Conje&ure  lefs  probable  con- 
cerning the  time  of  our  Author’s  Death, which 
he  fuppofes  was  about  the  former  part  of  the 
Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth ; this  can  not  be, 
lince  our  Author  was  alive  at  the  publication 
ofhis  Book,  which  was  in  the  Year  iypi.  and 
in  the  Thirty-third  Year  of  her  Reign:  tho’ 
how  long  after  he  furviv’d  I know  not. 

Sir  Ralph  Freeman. 

A Gentleman  who  during  the  late  Troubles' 
bufied  himfelf  in  Poetry,  and  writ  an.  excel- 
lent Tragedy  call’d  Imp er tale,  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  i6f?.  and  dedicated  to  his  Ancient  and 
Learned  F riend,  Jo/tn  Morris  Efquire.  I know 
not  whether  ever  this  Play  was  a£ted;  but 
certainly  it  far  better  deferv’a  to  have  appear’d 
on  the  Theatre  than  many  of  our  modernFarces 
that  have  ufurp’d  the  Stage,  and  depos’d  its 
lawful  Monarch,  Tragedy.  The  Compofitor 
maim’d  the  Jail  A£t  by  fetting  the  Sheet  [I] 
falfe,  lb  that  ’tis  pretty  difficult  to  make  out 
the  five  firlt  Scenes  : The  Cataftrophe  of  this 
Play  is  as  moving  as  raoft  Tragedies  of  this  Age, 
and  therefore  our  Author  chofe  a proper  Lem- 
ma for  the  Frontifpiece  of  his  Play,  in  that 
Verle  of  Ovid. 

Qmne  Genus  Scripti  gravitate  Tragcedia  vincit. 

The 


Dramatic k Poets.  227 

The  Story  on  which  this  Play  is  built  is  re- 
lated by  many  Authors,  as  Tontanus , Budaus'a 
Treafury  of  Ancient  and  Modern  Times  ; Beard  s 
Theatre  of  Gods  Judgments,  part  1.  p.  42.7.  and 
part  x.  p.4 y.  JVanley  s HiAory  of  Man , Book  4. 
Chap.  1 1 • Goulart  Htftoires  admirable s de  notrd 
temps,  tom.  1.  p.  362..  The  Story  is  related  at 
large  in  BandeUo’s  Italian  Novels, fee  the  French 
Tranllation  by  Belief  or efi , Tom.  x.  p.  X4X. 

Ulpian  Fulwel. 

An  Ancient  Writer,  of  whom  lean  give  no 
other  Account, than  that  he  lived  in  theReign  of 
QJZlizab.  and  publilht  a Dramatical  Piece  call’d 
Like  will  to  Like,  quoth  the  Devil  to  the  Col- 
lier, an  Interlude,  wherein  is  declared  what 
punilhments  follow  thofe  that  will  rather  live 
Licentioufly,  than  efteem  and  follow  good 
Counfel : And  what  Benefits  they  receive  that 
apply  themfelves  to  virtuous  Living,  and  good 
Exercifes;  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  15-87.  This 
Interlude  is  fo  contriv’d  that  Five  may  eafily 
play  it.  ’Tis  printed  in  an  old  Black  Letter ; 
the  Prologue  is  writ  in  Alternate  Verfe,  and 
the  whole  Play  is  writ  in  Rime  fuch  as  it  is : 
however  it  might  have  fuited  with  NltDrydens 
Defign  (y)  to  prove  the  Antiquity  of  Crambo , 
far  better  than  the  Tragedy  cif  Gerbuduc, which. 
was  writ  in  Blank  Verfe  • whereas  this  Play  is 
rag’d  with  Rimes  throughout,  and  is  Three 
Years  Older  than  the  other,  that  not  being 
printed  till  the  Year  ij-po. 

(y)  Ptef.  Id v, a Ludm. 

P x 


Qeorge 


228  An  Account  of  the 


G. 

George  Gascoigne,  Efq; 

THis  Gentleman  I can  give  no  further  Ac- 
count of,  than  that  he  flourifht  in  the  be- 
giningof  the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth  ; that 
he  was  a Member  of  the  Honourable  Society  of 
Gray’s-fnn,  and  was  the  Parent  of  feveral  Po- 
etical Works,  among!!  which,  are  Four  Dra- 
matick  Pieces,  of  which  I {hall  firft  difeourfe. 

Glafs  of  Government , a Tragical  Comedy,  fo 
intituled,  becaufe  therein  are  handled  as  well 
the  Rewards  for  Virtues,  as  allb  the  Punifli- 
ments  for  Vices.  Seen  and  allowed,  according 
to  the  Order  appointed  in  the  Queens  Maje- 
fties  Injunctions ; printed  in  quarto  Lond.is^s- 
At  the  begxning  of  this  Play  I find  the  follow- 
ing Hexallick. 

In  Comoediam  Gafcoigni , Carmen  B.C. 

H*c  nova , non  vetus  ejl , Angli  Comadia  Eatis, 
Chrijius  adeji , Sanftos  nil  niji  fan  ft  a,  decent. 
Gracia  vaniloquos  genuit,  turpefq;  Toetas } 
Vixqui  fyncerl  feriberat  unuser  at. 

Idvereor  noBro  nepojjit  dicier  avo. 

Id’ ana  precor  vale ant,  veraprecor place  ant . 

This  Play  is  printed  in  a Black  Letter  as  are 
all  his  Works : Jtis  writ  in  profe  with  a Chorus 
between  each  AC!,  which  with  the  Prologue, 
are  all  in  Verfe. 

Jocafla , a Tragedy  written  in  Greek  by  Eu- 
ripides^ tranflated  and  digefted  into  ACts  by  our 

Au- 


Dramatick  Poets.  229 

Autho-r,  and  Mr.  Francis  Ktmveltnerjhe  of  Gray's 
Inn , and  there  prefented,  and  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1 $$6.  Each  Aft  of  this  Play  is  intro- 
duc’d by  a Dumb  (hew,  (which  in  thofe  times 
was  the  mode  in  Tragedies)  and  concluded  by 
a Chorus.  TheFirft,  Fourth,  and  laft  Ails  were 
tranflated  by  Mr.  Kinwelmerjhe,  the  Second 
and  Third  by  our  Author : and  the  Epilogue 
was  writ  by  Mr.  Chrijlopher  Telverton,  in  Alter- 
nate Rime. 

This  is  the  only  Play  of  that  ancient  Trage- 
dian, that  to  my  Knowledge  is  tranflated  into 
Englifh:  tho’ our  Language,  and  the  Know- 
ledge of  this  Age,  be  far  more  proper  for  Trans- 
lations, now,  than  in  that  time  our  Author 
flourifht.  That  I may  not  be  wanting  in  my 
Refpeit  to  thofe  Worthy  Ancients,  which  by 
any  of  ray  Country-men  are  Naturaliz’d, I fhall 
give  fome  Account  of  them  and  their  Writings 
as  opportunity  Shall  offer  it  felf;  and  therefore  I 
crave  leave  to  lay  hold  of  this,  to  Ipeak  a word 
or  Two  of  Euripides. 

This  Poet  was  ftil’d  the  Tragick  Philofopher, 
and  was  born  at  Phyla  a Town  in  Attica , in 
the  -js  Olympiade,  and  in  the  174  Year  after 
the  Building  of  Rome.  Prodtus  taught  him 
Rhetoriek,  after  which  he  made  a Voyage  to 
tAigypt,  with  Plato,  to  vifit  the  Learned  Men 
there,  and  to  improve  himfelf  by  their  Con- 
version. He  was  alfb  a Friend  of  Socrates^ 
and  fome  have  believed  that  this  Philofopher 
aflifled  him  in  the  Compofition  of  his  Trage- 
dies. He  went  from  Athens  diflatisfied  with 
the  People,  for  preferring  the  Comick  Writers 
P 1 he- 


2 1 o An  Account  of  the 

Before  him  ; and  retir’d  to  the  Court  of  Arche- 
laus  King  of  Macedonia  about  the* year  of  Rome 
338.  This  Prince  confer’d  many  Favours  on 
him,  and  had  a great  value  foi  him.  ft  hap- 
pen’d at  that  time,  that  a certain  perfon  nam’d 
ddec amnion , having  raillied  him  about  hisBreath 
(which  was  not  over  agreeable)  Archelaus  lent 
him  to  Euripides,  to  be  punifht  at  his  pleafure. 
This  fo  exafpe rated  dJecamnion  both  againft 
the  King  and  the  Poet,  that  for  the  fake  of  Re- 
venge he  join’d  \vith  other, Confpirators  in  the 
Ailaiiination  of  the  Former,  and  let  Dogs  upon 
the  latcrjvyhi'ch  icon  devour’d  the  Object  of  his 
Hatred.  Some  lay,  that  this  Misfortune  pro- 
ceeded from  the  Brutality  of  thofe  irrational 
Creatures,  by  accident,  and  not  defign.  Others 
again  relate,  that  he  receiv’d  his  Death,  from 
fomc  inhumane  Women,  againfl  whom  he  had 
fomewhat  too  bitterly  inveigh’d.  I remember 
a pica font  Story  in  Ford's  Apothegms ; that  So- 
phocles being  once  ask’d  theRealon  why  in  his 
Tragedies  he  always  reprefented  Women  Goody, 
and  Euripides  fVicked ; anfwex’d.  That  Eu- 
ripides defcrib’d  them  as  they  were , he,  as  they 
ought  to  be.  But  DigreHion  apart ; the  time  of 
his  Death  110  more  than  the  manner  of  it  is  a- 
greed  upon.  Some  fay,  he  Dy’d  about  the 
year  of  his  Age,  in  the  93  Olympiade,  and  in 
the  Year  of  Rome  348.  being  406  years  before 
the  Incarnation  of  our  Saviour.  Others  fay, 
that  he  Dy’d  not,  till  the  Year  of  Rome jyi. 
The  Ancients  mention  Ninety  odd  Tragedies 
writ  by  him,  of  w hich  at  prefent  we  enjoy  but 
Nineteen. 

, i Sap- 


Bramatick  Poets.  231 

Suppofes,  a Comedy  Englifht  from  the  Italian 
of  Ariojlo  a famous  Poet ; a Ferarefe , and  Fa- 
vourite of  Alphonfus  the  FirftDuke  of  Ferrara , 
and  of  the  Cardinal  Hippolito  d'  Ejie,  his  Bro- 
ther. HeDy’d  the  13  oi  July, in  the  Year  1533. 
I purpofely  decline  to  give  a larger  Account  of 
his  Life,  becaufe  it  would  fvvell  my  Book  too 
much,  and  the  Englifh  Reader  may  fatisfy  his 
Curiofity  by  peruling  his  Life  at  the  End  of 
Sr.  John  Harrington  % Tranllation  of  Orlando 
Furiofo.  Thofe  Vers’d  in  Italian , may  read  his 
Life  writ  bv  Gierolarno  Toro  of  T adorn,  Giero- 
lamo  Guarafola  of  Ferrara , Simon  Fornari  of 
Rheggio,  &c. 

This  Play  was  prefented  at  Gray  s-Inn,  and 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1 566.  The  Prologue 
as  well  as  the  Play  is  writ  in  profe.  This  Pro- 
logue Ifuppofe  gave  the  Grounds  for  that  writ 
by  Mr.  Duffet  to  the  Play  call’d  Trappolin fup- 
pos'd  a Trince , as  that  did  to  the  Epilogue  of 
1 he  Duke  and  No  Duke. 

TleaJ'ure  at  Kenelvoorth  Cajlle , a Malque,  (as 
Mr .Kirkman  informs  us  in  his  Catalogue) which. 
I never  faw. 

Our  Author  has  written  leveral  Poems  of  a 
Different  Species  which  he  calls  Herbs , and 
which  with  his  Plays  make  a confiderable  Vol- 
lume,  and  are  printed  together  in  quarto  Lond. 
UH 

Henry  Glapthorn. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  theFirft,  who  publifht  feveral  Plays 
■which  I prefume  in  thofe  days  pall:  with  good 
P 4 Ap- 


a 3 2 An  Account  of  the 

Approbation  at  die  Globe  and  Cock-pit  Play- 
houfes ; tbo’  I cannot  agree  with  Mr.  JVinjian - 
ley  (z),  That  be  azas  One  of  the  chief  eft  ‘Drama- 
tick  Poets  of  this  Age.  He  writ  Five  Plays, wis. 

Albertus  JVt allenjiein , Duke  of  Fridland,  and 
General  to  the  Emperor  Ferdinand  the  Second, 
his  Tragedy,  acted  with  good  Allowance  at  the 
Globe  on  the  Bank-fide,  by  His  Ma  jellies  Ser- 
vants, printed  in  quarto  Lond.  164a.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Great  Example  of  Virtue,  and  true 
Meccenas'  3 of  Liberal  Arts,  Nis.JVilham  Murrey 
of  His  Majellies  Bed-ohamber.  For  the  Plot 
lee  the  Pliifcorians  who  have  writ  on  the  lalt 
German  IFars,  in  the  Reign  of  Ferdinand  the 
Second.  See  belides  M.  Sarafins  IValjieins  Con- 
f piracy  tranflated  into  Englilh,  8°  Lond.  1678. 
Spondanus’s  Continuation  of  Baronins.  Fierzen 
LH/Jl  de  Liege,  &c. 

Argalus  andParthenia,  a Tragi-comedy  ailed 
at  the  Court  before  their  Ma  jellies  : and  at  the 
Private-houle  in  ‘Drury-lane  by  their  Majellies 
Servants ; printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1639.  The 
Plot  of  this  Play  is  founded  on  St.  Philip  Sid- 
ney s Arcadia,  a Romance,  in  the  Story  of  Ar- 
galus and  Parthenia,  fee  pag.  1 6.  &<c.  Mr  .Quarles 
has  writ  a pretty  Poem  on  the  fame  Founda- 
tion. 

Hollander,  a Comedy  written  in  the  Year 
163  y.  and  then  ailed  at  the  Cockpit  in  Drury- 
lane  by  their  Majellies  Servants,  vvith  good  Al- 
lowance : and  at  the  Court  before  Both  their 
Majellies,  printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1640.  and 
dedicated  to  the  great  Hope  of  growing  Noble- 

\x)  Englifh  Peits, 


Dramatick  Poets.  233 

neis,  his  Honourable  Friend  Sir  Thomas  FJher. 

Lady's  Priviledge , a Comedy,  ailed  with  good 
Allowance,  at  the  Cockpit  in  Drury  Lane , and 
before  Their  Majefhes  at  White-hall  twice; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1640.  and  dedicated  to  the 
true  Example  of  Heroick  Virtue,  and  Favourer 
of  Arts,  Sir  Frederick  Cornwallis. 

Wit  in  a Conjlable , a Comedy,  writ  in  the 
Year  1639.  and  then  ailed  at  the  Cock-pit  in 
Drury  Lane , by  Their  Majefties*Servan£s  with 
good  Allowance,  printed  40.  Lond.  11540.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  his  ungular 
good  Lord,  Thomas  Lord  W mt worth. 

Befides  thefe  Plays,  he  has  a Book  of  Poems 
extant,  in  which  are  feveral  Copies,  direiled 
to  his  Miftrefs,  under  the  Name  of  Lucinda  3 
printed  40  Lond.  1(539. 

Thomas  Goff. 

A Gentleman  that  flourifht  in  the  Reign  of 
King  James  the  Firfl: : He  was  born  in  EJfex 
towards  the  latter  end  of  Queen  Elizabeth's 
Reign,  about  the  Year  iypz.  -In  his  Youth 
he  was  fent  to  Wejlminjler- School,  and  at  the 
Age  of  Eighteen  he  was  brought  in  Student  of 
Chrijl-Church  Colledge  in  Oxford.  Being  an  In- 
duflrious  Scholar,  he  arrived  to  be  a good  Poet, 
a skilful  Oratour,  and  an  Excellent  Preacher. 
In  the  Year  1613.  he  proceeded  Batchelour  of 
Divinity,  and  was  preferr’d  to  a Living  in  Sur- 
rey, call’d  Eqft-Clandon : there  he  got  him  a 
Wife,  which  prov’d  as  great  a plague  to  him, 
us  a Shrew  could  be  ; and  became  a true  Xan- 


An  Account  of  the 

tippe  to  our  Ecclefiaftical  Socrates:  infomuch 
that  fiie  gave  him  daily  opportunities  of  excr- 
cifing  his  Patience ; and  ’us  believ’d  by  fome, 
that  this  Domeftick-fcourge  fiiortned  his  days. 
He' was  buried  at  his  own  Parifh-Church  at 
Clandon , the  2*7.  of  July  1 6%^. 

He  writ  feveral  Pieces  on  feveral  Subjects, 
amongfl  which  are  reckon’d  five  Plays,  viz. 

Care/efs  Shepherdefs,  a Tragi-comedy,  a6led 
before  the  King  and  Queen,  at  Salisbury-Court 
with  great  applaufe;  printed  afLond.  1656. with 
an  Alphabetical  Catalogue  of  all  fuch  Plays  that 
ever  were  till  that  time  publifhed.  This  Cata- 
logue is  very  full  of  Errors  throughout. 

Couragious  Turf  or  Amur at  h the  Fir  ft,  a 
Tragedypafted  by  the  Students  of  Cbrift-Church 
in  Oxford ; printed  8°  Lend  i6?6.  and  dedica- 
ted to  the  No  lefs.  Honoured  than  Deferving 
Tw  IV alter  Tichborn,  by  Mv.Fich  Meighen , who 
publifii’d  it  after  the  Authors  Deceafe.  There 
is  a'  Copy  of  Verfes  prefix’d  to  the  Play,  writ  I 
fuppofe  by  the  fame  Perfon,  and  directed  to  the 
Author;  4 In  that,Tranfcribing  his  Book  with- 
‘ out  his  Knowledge,  he  was  bound  by  promife 
* to  Hand  to  his  pleafure  to  keep  it,  or  burn  it. 
For  the  Ploticonfult  the  Writers  of  the  Turkifh 
Hiflorv  in  the  Reign  of  Amnrath , as  Leuhcla- 
cius,  Chalcocondylas,  Knolles , fyc. 

Orefies  his  Tragedy,  a£ted  by  the  Students  of 
Chrifls  Church  in  Oxford;  printed  8°  Lond.i6y6. 
How  far  our  Author  has  follow’d  Sophocles  in 
his  EleEira , or  Euripides  in  Oreftes , I ihall  leave 
to  the  fearch  of  the  Learned  Reader ; only  I 
cannot  but  obferve,  that  when  I firft  read  it,  I 

thought 


Dramatick  Poets.  2 $ $ 

thought  by  the  length  it  might  vye  with  that 
Epick  Poem  of  Orejles,  which  Juvenal  com- 
plains of,  ( ’)  as  being, 

Surmni  plena  jam  margine  libri 

Scriptus , Jy  in  tergo  nec  dum  finitus , Orejies. 
Raging  Turk , or  Bajazet  the  Second. , a Tra- 
gedy, ailed  by  the  Students  of  Chrijl-Church 
m Oxford;  printed  8°  Lond.  16$ 6.  This  Play 
was  writ  (with  the  two  foregoing  Tragedies) 
when  the  Author  was  Mailer  of  Arts,  and  Stu- 
dent of  Chrijl-Church ; but  not  printed  till  after 
his  deceafe  ; and  then  dedicated  by  Mr.  Richard 
Meighen  the  Publifher,  To  the  No  lefs  Ingeni- 
ous than  Zealous  Favourer  of  Ingenuity,  Sir 
Richard  Tichborn , Brother  to  the  above-nam’d 
Sir  IV alter.  For  the  Plot,  conlult  Chalcocondy- 
las , Art  us,  Knolles , &c.  Thefc  three  laft  Plays 
are  all  printed  together  in  8°  Lond.\6$6. 

Selimus  Emperour  of  the  Turks  his  Tragedy, 
printed  op  Lond.  1638. 1 quellion  whether  ever 
this  Play  were  ailed,  becaule  it  is  not  divided 
into  Ails.  The  Author  calls  this  the  Firft 
Part ; and  in  his  Conclufion,  as  he  fliles  it,  or 
Epilogue,  he  promiles  a Second  Part,  faying. 

If  this  Firft  Tart,  Gentles,  do  like  you  well; 
The  Second  Tart Jhatt greater  Mur  t hers  tell. 
But  whether  it  was  ever  publilht,  I am  igno- 
rant : tho’  I am  apt  to  believe  not,  lince  ’tis  not 
mention’d  in  any  Catalogue.  The  Plot  is  found- 
ed on  the  Turkifh  Hiftory  ; fee  the  Writers  of 
the  Reign  of  Selimus  the  Firll,as  TaulusJoviust 

Mezeray,  Knolles , <jyc. 

' (a^Sa'tyr.i. 


2 $6  An  Account  of  the 

Mr . f bilips , and  Mr.  IVinJlanley,  have  fa- 
ther'd a Comedy  on  this  Author,  call’d  Cupids 
IVi btrligig  ; tho’  Democritus  and  Heraclius  were 
not  more  diiierent  in  their  Temper,  than  his 
Genius  was  oppofite  to  Cqmedy.  Befides,  the 
true  Father  was  one  Mr.  E.S.  who  (as  he  lays) 
4 ( b)  being  long  Pregiiant  with  Delire  to  bring 
4 iorthfome  thing, and  being  afterwards  brought 
Bed,  had  chofe  his  Friend  Mr.  Robert  Hay- 
lmm  to  be  God-father,  not  doubting  but  his 
‘Child  would  be  well  maintain’d,  feeing  he 
‘could  not  live  above  an  hour  with  him,  and 
* therefore,  he  entreated  him  when  he  was 
c dead,  that  he  might  be  buried  deep  enough  in 
this  good  Opinion,  and  that  he  might' delcrve 
‘this  Epitaph ; 

Here  lyes  the  Child  that  was  born  in  Mirth , 
Ylgainjt  the Jlrift  Rules  of  Child-birth  : 

And ;to  be  quit  I gave  /dm  to  my  Friend \ 

IV ho  laugh t him  to  death^and  that  was  his  End. 

Yours,  wl/ile  he  is  his  owji. 

I hope  the  Reader  \yill  forgi  ve  me  this  Di- 
grellion,  which  I was  forc’d  to  in  Vindication 
of  njy  Author,  who  was  fo  far  from  this  Ridi-, 
culous  Stile,  and  affected  Mirth,  that  nothing 
but  Manly  and  Serious  efcap’dhis  I’en  : and  in 
his  latter  Time,  he  forfook  the  Stage,  for  the 
Pulpit,  and  inllead  of  Plays,  employ’d  him  felf 
in  writing  Sermons ; foirjc  of  which  have  ap- 
pear’d in  Print  in  the  Year  r 6zq.  To  thefe  I 
may  add  his  Latin  F uneral  Oration,  in  the  Di, 

(b)  Epift.Ded.  " 

vinity- 


Dramatic  k Poets * 257 

vinity-School,  at  the  Obfequies  of  Sr.  Henry 
Savil , printed  40  Oxm.  i6x%.  Another  in  Chrift- 
Church  Cathedral,?*,  the  Funeral  of  Dr.  Goodwin, 
Cannon  of  that  Church,  printed  Lond. 

Robert  Gomersal. 

A Gentleman  that  lived  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Firft,  and  was  the  Elddt  Son 
of  an  Efquire.  He  was  born  at  London , and  was. 
lent  by  his  Father  to  the  Univerfty  of  Oxone 
1616.  being  then  14  Years  of  Age.  He  \tras  en- 
ter’d at  Chrijl -Church,  and  in  a little  time  was 
chofe  Student  of  that  Royal-Foundation.  Here 
he  took,  his  Batchelors  and  Mailers  Degrees* 
and  in  the  Year  1 day.  he  went  out  Batchelor 
of  Divinity.  I know  not  what  Preferment  he 
got,  tho’  I believe  he  was  Minifter  of  a place 
call’d  F lower , in  Northamptonshire ; but  this  is 
only  Conjecture,  from  fome  of  his  Poems, dated 
from  thence.  However  I am  allur’d  he  died  in 
the  Year  1646. 

He  is  accounted  by  lome  no  mean  Preacher, 
or  Poet : but  this  I leave  to  the  Judgment  of 
thofe  who  will  perufe  the  Works  which  he  has 
publilht , and  tho’  Divinity  ought  to  claim  the 
preference,  yet  Toetry  being  my  immediate 
Subje&,  I crave  the  Readers  pardon  that  I give 
Account  Of  his  Toetry  in  the  firll  place,  and  be- 
gin with  his  Play  call’d 

Lodovick  Sforza, Duke  of  Millain^i isT ragedy, 
printed  80  Lend.  1 6oz.  and  dedicated  to  his 
moll  Worthy  Friend, Mr,  Francis  Hide^ Student 
of  Chrijl-Church,  and  Junior  ProClor  of  the  Uni- 

verlity 


2 3 8 An  Account  of  tint 

verfity  in  the  Year  i6zq.  I'cannot  fatisfy  the 
Readers  whether  ever  this  Play  appear’d  on  any 
Stage : but  I can  inform  him,  that  the  Foun- 
dation of  it  may  be  read  in  Guicciardine  lib. 
i,  z,  &c.  ‘Philip  de  Commines , TMezeray  in  the 
Reign  of  Charles  the  VIII.  of  France. 

Befides  this  Play  he  has  writ  feveral  other 
Poems,  which  are  printed  with  it,  as  particu- 
larly The  Levites  Revenge  containing  Poetical 
Meditations  upon  the  ip,  and  zo.  Chapters  of 
Judges ; and  is  dedicated  to  his  Worthily  Re- 
fpeded  Friend,  Bar  ten  Holiday , Arch-Deacon 
of  Oxford.  This  Poem  is  highly  Commended, 
by  a Copy  of  Verfes,  written  by  a Gentleman  or 
the  ^Middle -Temple : but  I {hall  leave  this  and 
bis  other  Poems,  to  the  Readers  perufal  and 
Judgment. 

He  has  feveral  Sermons  in  print,  on  the  I. 
Tet.  Chap.  z.  Verfe  13, 14,  iy,  16.  printed  40. 
Lond.  1663. 

Francis  Gouldsmith,  Efq ; 

I am  able  to  recover  no  other  Memoires  of 
this  Gentleman,  than  that  he  liv’d  in  the  Reign 
of  King  Charles  the  Martyr ; and  oblig’d  the 
World  with  the  Tranflation  of  a Play  out  of 
Latin , call’d 

Sophompaneas , or  The  Hiftory  of Jofephpvhh. 
Annotations,  a Tragedy, printed  op  Lond.16^0. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry 
Lord  dMarquefs  of  ‘Dochefter.  This  Dramma 
was  writ  by  the  Admirable  Hugo  Grotius , 
publifht  by  him  at  Amjlerdam  163/.  and  de- 

dica- 


Dramatick  Poets. 

cheated  to  Gerardus  Vojfuts,  Profeflbr  of  Hi* 
itory  and  Civil  Arts, in  the  moft  fiourifting  City 
of  Amjierdam.  Heltiles  it  a Tragedy,  notwith- 
standing it  ends  fuccefsfnlly  ; and  quotes  for 
his  Authority,  <y£J'chylus' $ T)anaidesy  Euripi- 
des his  Alceftes,  Jon , Helena. , Iphigema  among 
the  Tauriy  and  even  VoJJius  his  own  Art  of 
Poetry : whether  this  Opinion  be  to  be  con- 
troverted or  no,  I leave  to  the  Criticks.  Some 
people  make  it  a Queflion,  whether  it  be  law- 
ful to  make  a Dramatick  Poem  of  a Sacred  Kt- 
gument : and  I have  heard  fomc  People  of  ten- 
der Confciences,  Ipeak  againft  this  Play,  and 
Chrijl's  TaJJion,  writ  by  the  lame  Author.  But 
I think  the  following  Opinion  of  the  Great 
T'oJTws,  (c)  printed  before  this  Play,  may  la- 
tisfy  them  in  this  point.  ‘I  am  of  Opinion 
4 (fays  he)  ’tis  better  to  chufe  another  Argu- 
4 ment,  than  Sacred.  Foi*  it  agrees  not  with. 
€ the  Ma jelty  of  Sacred  things  to  be  made  a 
4 Play  and  a Fable.  It  is  alfo  a Work  of  ve- 
4 ry  dangerous  Confequence , to  mingle  Hu- 
4 mane  Inventions  witn  things  facred ; becaule 
4 the  Poet  adds  uncertainties  of  his  own,  fome- 
4 times  fallities ; which  is  not  only  to  play  with 
4 holy  things,  but  alfo  to  ingraft  in  Mens  Minds 
4 uncertain  Opinions,  and  now  and  then  falle. 

Thele  things  have  place  elpecially,  when  we 
4bringinGod,  or  Chrik  Ipeaking/or  treating 
4 of  the  Myfteries  of  Religion.  I will  allow 
4 more  where  the  Hiftory  is  taken  out  of  the 
4 Sacred  Scriptures,  but  yet  in  the  Nature  of 
4 the  Argument  is  Civil.  As  if  the  Aflion  be  of 
(O  In  hddend.  L.  i.  inftit,  Pocuc. 

4 dJavidy 


£40  din  Account  of  the 

* Ltavid flying  from  his  Son  Abfahn-;  or  of  Jo- 
seph fold  by  his  Brethren,  advanced  by  Tha~ 
lraoh  to  the  Government  of  Egypt,  and  in  that 
< Dignity  adored  by,  and  made  known  unto  his 

* Brethren.  Of  which  Argument  is  Sophompa - 
lneas , made  by  the  moft  Illuftrious  and  Incom- 
parable Man  Hugo  Grotius , Embaflador  when 

* he  liv’d, of  the  moft  Gracious  Queen  and  King- 
Mom  of  Sweden,  to  the  moft  Chriftian  King  of 
‘ France.  Which  Tragedy,  I fuppofe,  may  be 
‘let  for  a Pattern  to  him  that  would  handle  an 
1 Argument  from  the  Holy  Scriptures. 

I (hall  fay  nothing  of  the  Life  of  Hugo  Gro- 
iius ; only  that  he  was  an  Honour  to  Delphi 
where  he  was  born  in  the  Year  15-83.  and  will 
he  famous  to  Pofterity,  in  regard  of  thofe  many 
Excellent  Pieces  that  he  has  publifhed.  In  fome 
of  his  Writings  he  had  defended  Arminianifm, 
for  which  he  fuffer’d  Imprifonment  in  theCaftle 
of Louverjiein,  in  the  Year  16  i8.(at  which  time 
his  Afiociate  Barnevelt  loft  his  Head  on  the 
lame  Account ) : afterwards  he  efcaped  out  of 
Prifon,  by  means  of  fjMaria  Reigersherg  his 
Wife,  and  fled  into  Flanders',  and  thence  into 
France , where  he  was  kindly  receiv’d  by  Lewis 
the  XIII.  He  died  at  Rojloch  in  Meclebourg , 
Sept,  the  firft  1645-.  His  Life  is  writ  at  large 
by  *3lelchior  Adamus , in  Latin ; and  in  Englijh 
by  C.  B.  and  printed  8°  Lond.  16J2. 

As  to  our  Author, and  hisTranflation,(  which 
is  in  Heroick  Verfe  ) I find  it  extreamly  com- 
mended by  the  Verfes  of  four  of  his  Friends  : 
and  I doubt  not  but  the  candid  Reader  will  af~ 
fent  to  their  Judgments.  For  the  Plot,  the  Au- 
thor 


Dramdthk  Beets.  241 

thor  has  acquainted  the  Reader  ( before  the 
Play)  ‘That  the  Hiffory;  is  (recorded  by  Mof'es 
'in  Gene  (is, 44a nd 45-  Chapters,  with  the  Con- 
‘ texts  there  adjoyning  \ ‘PJ'al.  xo$..  ASis  7,  By 
‘ Thilo^in  the  Lire  ot  Jofephus ; By  Jofephus, in 
‘ the  2,^.  Book  of  the  Jewijb  Antiquities  ; and 
‘partly  by  JuJlin,  oUt^v/aTrogus  Pompeius , the 
‘ 16.  Book.  Ik  is  extknt  alfo  in  Ajlapanus,  out 
‘of  Alexander  PoJyhiJior^  arid  in  'Demetrius  : 
‘ the  places'  vou  may  fee  lh  Eufebius  his  Trepa - 
1 ration  to  the  Gofpel.  "<  ; : - 

' ; ) . . j 1 : . 1 ; n'notlr'-'X)  rr  \ . - 

Alexander  Green. 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Second ; who.  prefently  after  the 
Reftauration  publifhed  a Play/ call’d  The  Toli- 
tician  cheated , a Comedy,  printed  4 0 Lond.1661. 
I know  not  whether  ever  this  Play  appear’d  on 
the  Stage,  or  no  ; nor  can  I recover  any  thing 
elfeof  this  Author’s  Writing. 

Robert  Green. 

This  Author  lived  in  the  Reign  of  Queen. 
Elizabeth , and  was  a Maftejr  of  Arts  of  Cam- 
bridge : As  to  any  further  Account  of  him,  1 
I can  meet  with  none,  except  what  I am  forc’d 
to  borrow  from  M r.  Winjlanley.  But  the  truth 
is  I dare  not  .truft  too  much  to  him,  knowing 
how  fubjeCl  he  is  to  take  things  upon  Report, 
as  I find,  particularly  in  the  Innumeration 
he  makes  of  .this  Author’s  Plays  : However, 
for  once  I will  venture  to  tranfcribe  the  follow- 
ing paffage  upon  his  Authority ; who  tells  us, 
Q J That 


242  Ax  Account  of  the 

That  the  Perlon  wfc  here  treat  of  was  mar- 
ried to  a Deferving  Gentlewoman,  whom  he 
ungratefully  forfook , living  above  himfelf; 
ana  therefore  was  forc’d  to  make  his  Ten  a 
Have  to  his  TurJ'e,  to  fupply  his  Extravagan- 
cies : notwithftanding  which  he  was  reduc’d 
to  extreme  poverty  towards  the  latter  end  of 
his  Life ; which  through  God’s  Mercy,  led  him 
to  a fight  of  his  former  Follies,  and  to  a Re- 
pentance of  his  evil  Courfe  of  Life : efpecially 
his  Unkindnefs  and  Difloyalty  to  his  Virtuous 
Tartner : which  occafion’d  a Letter,  (publilhed 
by  Mi1.  Winflanley  ) which  was  directed  to  her 
by  our  Penitent,  and  found  after  his  Death  : 
which  Epiftle  in  my  Opinion  very  much  re- 
fembles  the  Stile  of  Dr.  Reynolds  in  his  God's 
Revenge  agamjl  Murther.  As  to  that  2 Yiflich 
laid  by  Mr.  IVinjlanley  to  be  writ  on  our  Au- 
thor,! have  Ihew’d  his  millake  in  the  Account. 

This  Author  has  writ  feveral  Pieces,  but  e- 
fpecially  one  Play, (the  occafion  of  his  mention 
in  this  place)  whole  Title  is, 

The  Honourable  Hijlory  of  Fryar  Bacon,  and 
Fryar  Bungy ; play’d  by  the  Prince  Palatine's 

Servants,  and  printed  Lond. 1 know  not 

whence  the  Author  borrow’d  his  Plot ; but  this 
Famous  Fryar  Minor , liv’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Henry' the.  Third,  and  died  in  the  Reign 
of  Edvcard  the  Firft,  in  the  Year  1284.  Con- 
fult  Bale,  Script.  iUuJlr.  Major  is  Brit  anna  Ca- 
talogue Titfeus.  Relatione s Hijlorica . IVood. 
Antiy.  Oxon.  Dr.  Plot  Hijl.  Oxford ' fee. 

Mr.  Thilips , (d)  and  Mr.  Winjlanley  (e)  fay. 


U;  rag. 74. 


That 


Vrmatick  roets.  243 

'That  he  was  an  Aflociate  with  Dr.  Lodge  in 
writing  leyeral  Comedies ; namely,  The  Laws 
of  Nature ; Lady  Alimony ; Liberality  and  Pro- 
digality ; and  a Malque  called  Lumenalia.  Be- 
fides  which  he  wrote  alone,  the  Comedies  of 
Fryar  Bacon , and  Fair  Emme.  But  in  this 
Aflertion  they  are  extreamly  out ; for  he  joyn’d 
with  Dr  .Lodge  but  in  one  Play, call’d  A Looking- 
glafs  for  London;  of  which  hereafter  : and  as 
to  the  others(ntoft  of  which  I have  by  me)  they 
are  all  Anonymous  Plays. 

As  to  his  other  Pieces,  I have  never  feen  but 
two ; viz. Quip  for  an  Upftart  Courtier,  and  Dora- 
ftusand  Fawnia\  tho’  Ms  .Winjlanley  reckons  up 
feveral  others,  as  Euphues  his  Cenfure  to  Philau - 
tus ; Tullies  Love ; Philomela , The  Lady  Fitz- 
waters  Nightingale ; Green's  never  too  late , fir  ft 
and  fecond  part;  Green's  Arcadia;  Green's  Fare - 
well  to  Folly  ; Green's  Groats-worth  of  Wit  fyc. 


H. 

William  Habington*  Efq; 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Time  of  the 
late  Civil  Wars ; and  flighting  Bellona , 
gave  himfelf  up  entirely  to  the  Mufes.  He  was 
equally  famous  forHiftory,and  Poetry, of  which 
his  Edward  the  Fourth , and  Cajlara , are  fuffi- 
cientTeftiinonies.  Mc.Kirkman  (who  was  very 
knowing  in  Plays,  ) has  aferibed  a Dramatick 
Piece  to  him,  which  gives  us  occafion  to  fpeak 
of  him ; ’tis  call’d, 

j Q>  Queen 


244  An  Account  of  the 

S’ ueen  o/’Arragon,  a Tragi-comedy,  a£led  at 
Court,  and  the  Black:  Ft  jars ; and  printed  fol. 
Lond.  1640.  Tho’  the  Author’s  Name  be  not 
prefix’d  to  the  Title-page, yet  I have  that  confi- 
dence in  Mr.  Kirkmaris  Judgment  as  to  believe 
this  Play  to  be  writ  by  him. 

His  other  Poems  are  all  printed  together  80. 
and  go  under  the  Title  of  Cajlara:  they  are 
divided  into  three  parts:,  under  a different  Title 
fuitable  to  their  Subjedt  The  firlt,  which  was 
writ  when  he  was  a Suitor  to  bis  Wife,  is 
ufher’d  in,  by  a Chara&er  writ  in  Prole,  of  a 
Miftrefs : The  fecond,  being  Copies  writ  to  her 
after  Marriage, by  a Character  of  a Wife:  After 
which  is  a Character  of  a Friend,  before  feve- 
ral  Funeral  Elegies.  The  third  part  confifls 
of  Divine  Poems,  fbme  of  tvhicn  are  Para- 
ph rales  on  feveral  Texts  out  of  Job  and  the 
Book  of  TJalms : before  which  is  the  Portrait 
of  a Holy  Man.  I know  not  when  thole  Poems 
were  firlfc  printed,  but  the  lafi  Edition  which 
I have  by  me  augmented  and  corre<5ted,  was 
printed  8°.  Lond.  164c.  and  his  Poetry  is  com- 
mended by  his  Friend  and  Kinfman,  Mf.  John 
Talbot. 

I know  nothing  that  he  has  writ  in  Prole, 
except  his  Chronicle  of  YL.Edward  the  Fourth, 
printed  fol.  Lond.  1640.  Of  what  efteem  it  is  in 
the  World,  is  well  known  to  Hiflorians. 

Peter  Haustead. 

A Gentleman  that  was  born  at  Ound/e , a Mar- 
ket Town  in  Northamptonjhire,  and  flourifht 

in 


Dramatick  Poets.  24$ 

in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  F irft  of  Blefled 
Memory,  He  was  after  forne  Years  fent  to  the 
Univerlity  of  Cambridge  : where  in  Queens  Col- 
ledge  he  took  the  Degree  of  Matter  of  Arts.  He 
challenges  a Place  in  our  Catalogue,  on  Account 
of  his  Play,  call’d 

Rival  Friends , a Comedy,  a died  before  the 
King  and  Queens  Majellies,  when  out  of  their 
Princely  Favour  they  were  pleas’d  to  vifit  the 
Univerlity  of  Cambridge,  upon  the  nineteenth 
day  of  March  idji.  Cry ’d  down  by  Boys,  Fa- 
ction, Envy,  and  confident  ignorance,  approv’d 
by  the  Judicious,  and  Expos’d  to  the  publick 
Cenfure  by  the  Author ; . printed  40  Lond.  1632,. 
and  dedicated  by  a Copy  of  Verfes  to  the  Right 
Honble,  Right  Reverend,  Right  Worlhipful,  or 
whatfbever  he  be, {hall  be, or  whom  he  hereafter 
may  call  Patron.  The  Play  is  commended  by  a 
Copy  of  Latin  Yerles,  and  Two  writ  in  Englijh. 
The  Prologue  is  a Dialogue  betwixt  Venus ,1  he- 
tis,  and  Phoebus, [\ ung  by  two  Trebles, and  a Bafe. 
V °nvs  (being  Phofphorus  as  well  as  Vefper')  ap- 
pearing at  a window  above,  as  rifen,  calling  to 
Sol,  who  lay  in  Thetis  Lap,  at  the  Eafl-fide  of 
the  Stage, canopy’d  with  an  Azure  Curtain.  Our 
Author  feems  to  me  to  be  much  of  the  Humor  of 
Benjohnfon,  (whofe  greateR  weaknefs  was  that 
he  could  not  bear  Cenfure ;)  and  has  lo  great  a 
Value  fori?<?»yWritings, that  his  Scene  betwen 
Love-all , Mungrel,  and  Hammer (hin,  Aft  3.  Sc. 
n.  is  copy’d  from  that  (in  Johnfons  Play  called 
The  Silent  JVoman , ) between  True-wit , Daw, 
and  La-fool,  Aft.  4.  Sc.  y. 

I know  not  whether  our  Author  were  in  Or- 

dera 


246  An  Account  of  the 

ders  when  he  writ  this  Play ; but  I know  there 
are  Eleven  Sermon's  in  print,  under  his  Name, 
publilhed  4°  Lohd.  164.6. 

Richard  Head. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  Reigns  of  King 
Charles  the  Firffc  and  Second.  He  was  born  in 
Ireland \ of  Englifh  Parents,  being  the  Son  of  a 
Clergy-man,  who  was  murther’d  in  the  deplo- 
rable M’allaere  of  Ireland } in  the  beginning  of 
the  Rebellion,  which  broke  out  there  on  the 
ad  day  of  OFiober  164.1.  He  was  educated  for 
fome  fmall  time  in  the  Univerlity  of  Oxford ; 
and  aftenva!rds  exchang’d  his  Study  for  a Book- 
fellers  Shop.  I remember  him  a Bookfeller,  and 
Partner  with  Kirhnan , ( if  I miflake  not  ) in 
the  Alley  that  fronts  the  North-gate  of  Pauls , 
call’d  Cannon- Alley.  He  was  a Man  extreamly 

Piven  to  pleafure,  and  yet  of  excellent  Natural 
arts,  had  they  been  improv’d  by  Virtue,  or 
fix’d  by  Solidity.  He  writ  a Play  call’d 

Hie  fy  ubique , or  The  Humours  of  Dublin,  a 
Comedy  ailed  privately  with  good  Applaufe  ; 
printed  in  quarto  Lond.  1663.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Illuflrious  Charles , Duke  of  Monmouth 
and  Orhtiey. 

He  has  writ  feveral  other  Pieces,  of  different 
Sub  jeils  tho’ all  of  them  trivial,  and  which  be- 
tray’d his  Converfation  ; as  The  firjl part  of  the 
Englifh  Rogue ; Venus  Cabinet  mlocfd\  The  Art 
of ' PVheedling\  The,  Floating  I, (land,  or  A Voyage 
from  Lambethania  to  Ram-allia  ; A Difcovery 
ofO  Brafil ; Jackfon  s Recantation ; The  Red-fea; 


Drumstick  Poets.  247 

and  fome  Pieces  again!!  Dr,  Wild;  all  which  I 
have  borrow’d  from  Mr.  JVinJlanley,  and  fhali 
be  ready  to  return  him  Interefl  for  it,  in  the 
Next  Edition  of  his  Book,  if  he  pleafes  to  com- 
mand me. 

Our  Author  ( according  to  Mr.  tVinfianley  ) 
was  cart  away  at  Sea,  in  his  paflage  to  the  Ifle 


William  Hemmings. 

, ^ 0 \ • " - # . 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Fir!! , and  was  Mafler  of  Arts 
of  the  Univerfity  of  Oxford : tho’  I cannot 
inform  my  felf  of  what  Colledge.  He  writ 
two  Tragedies,  which  in  his  time  were  in 
fome  efteem ; and  one  of  them  has  appear’d  on 
the  Stage,  fince  the  Reftitution  of  his  lateMa- 
jefty  and  the  Mufes,  with  Approbation.  It  is 
called 

Fatal  Contrast,  a Tragedy  a£led  with  good 
-Applaufe,  by  Her  Ma jellies  Servants  ; and 

E*d  quarto  Lond.i6$i.  This  Play  was  pub- 
aft'er  the  Author’s  Death,  having  pafs’d 
thro’  many  Hands,  as  a Curiofity  of  Wit  and 
Language  ; (*)  and  was  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Honourable  James  Compton  Earl  of  Northam- 
pton„ and  to  Ifabella  his  Virtuous  Counteis. 
It  was-  reviv’d  not  many  Years  fince  under  the 
Title  of  Love  and  Revenge,  with  fome  Altera- 
tions : the  Old  Play  being  out  of  print,  it  was 
about  three  Years  ago  reprinted  as  a New  Play, 
under  the  Title  of  The  Eunuch.  For  the  Plot 


(e)  Epiftle  Dcdic* 


tIS 


0-4 


248  An  AccMnt  of  the 

*th  founded  on  the  French  Chronicle,  in  the 
Reigns  of  Chilperic.  the  Firfl,  and  Clot  air e the 
Second : Confult  Grego  ire  de  Tours ,Lib.4,y.  <(yc. 
Aimom,  Fredegaire,  Sigebert,  Fortunat,  Valois, 
cDe  Serres , Mezeray,  <fyc. 

Jews  Tragedy,  or  their  fatal  and  final  Over- 
throw by  Vefpafian , and  Titus  his  Son,  agree- 
able to  the  Authentick  and  Famous  Hiftory  of 
Jofephus;  printed  40.  Lond.  1662.  This  Play 
was  not  publifhed-till  foine  Years!  after  the  Au- 
thor’s Death.  For  the  Hiflory  confult  Jofephus 
Lib.  <5,  .7.  ■ h ;D 

. uae  . 1 Mil  vv  \ . f 

er  Hf.ywood.  j 

‘ -'.dv/  lo  If  vm  m-ud.  i 


This  Author  was  Son  ip  John  '-SfspffWd,  the 
Famous  Epigramatifl,  ( of  which  by  and  by  ) 
and  was  bred  in? his  younger:  Yeans  at  Merton 
Col  ledge,  and  afterwards  wtjs.  a,  Megnbejf  pf  Att- 
Souls  Colledge  in  Oxford.  In  fome  lew  Years, 
he  changed  the  Urtiyerfityfor SOmers  •,  where 
he  became  a fierce  Bigotted  Jefuite,  and  was 
the  firfl:  Jefuite  that. let  foot  fn.  England.  Dr. 
Fuller  fa  s,  (*)  He. was  executed  in  the  Reign 
of  Queen  Elizabeth : hut  Sir  Richard  Baker 
tells  us,;  (e)  f That  he  was  one  of  the  Chief  of 
/ thofe  feventy  Priefls  that  were  taken  in  the 
< Year  iy8y.  and  when  fbmC  of  them  were  con- 
£ demn’d,  and  the  reft  in  danger  of: the  Law, 
/that  Gracious  Queen  caus’d  them  all  to  be 
c Ship’d  away,  and  lent  out  of  England. 

During  his  Refidence  in  the  Univerfity,  he 
fm  ploy’d  part  of  his  time,  in  tranflating  three 


( t ) hVorthtei  Loud v i)  ^.212.  (g  J Q.  p.  364* 

of 


DramAtick  Poets.  249 

of  Seneca  s Tragedies,  of  which  we  fliall  give 
an  Account:  But  firffc  with  the  Readers  per- 
miflion,  fince  an  hanfome  Opportunity  offers  it 
felf,  we  will  prefent  you  with  an  Abridgment 
of  the  Life  of  this  our  Poetical-Stoic 

Lucius.  Annaeus  Seneca  was  born  at  Cordo'ua, 
in  Spain,  a little  before  the  Death  of  Augujlus 
Ccefar.  He  bore  his  Father’s  Name,  which  Con- 
formity has  mif-led  fome  Authors, caufing  them 
to  aferibe  to  the  Son,  the  ‘Declamations  colle- 
cted by  the  Father.  He  gave  himfelf  to  the 
Study  of  Philofophy  and  Rbetorickj,  and  in  the 
beginning  of  Caligula's  Reign,  he  fignaliz’d 
-himfelf  by  a Caufe  which  he  pleaded  in  the  Se- 
nate, under  the  protection  of  Cneus  ‘Domitius. 
But  finding  that  Emperor,  aiming  at  the  Uni- 
verfai  Monarchy  of  Eloquence,  he  pleaded  no 
more  in  publick,  for  (ear  of  giving  Umbrage 
to  this  Ambitious  Prince*  He  was  banifht  for 
.two  years  into  the  Ille  o[  Gorfa,  upon  fufpition 
of  too  much  Familiarity  with  the  ReliCt  of  his 
Patron  IDomitius.  Agripina  being  married  to 
Claudius,  fhe  repeal’d  bis  Banifhment,  and  gave 
him  the- Honourable  Station  of  Tutor  to  her 
Son  Nero,  who  fhe  defign’d  for  the  Empire. 
He  acquitted  himfelf  of  this  Employ  with  uni- 
Verfal  Applaufe  ; and  . the  firfl  five  Years  of  Ne- 
ro’s Reign,  fufficiently  teflify’d  theDffigence 
and  Prudence  of  the  Tutor , and  the  preghant 
Temper  of  the  Royal  Pupil : who  fo  well  put 
in  practice  the  InflruChons  thativere  given 
him,  that  the  beginning  of  his  Reign  might 
ferve  as  a Model  to  the  belt  of  Princes : But 
when  once  Toppaea  and  Tigillinus  became  Ma- 
fic rs 


2 5°  -An  Account  of  the 

flers  of  his  Temper,  they  foon  deftroy’d  that 
Noble  Foundation  of  Virtue,  that  Seneca  had 
taken  fo  much  pains  to  ere& ; and  he  gave  him- 
felf  up  to  thofe  abominable  Crimes,  that  ren- 
der’d him  the  fhame  ofMankind.  Seneca’s Virtue 
was  a continual  Check  to  his  Vices ; this  ren- 
der’d his  Company  at  firlt  difagreeable  to  him, 
afterwards  intolerable.  This  occafion’d  him 
to  hire  Cleonice , Seneca’s  F reed-man,  to  poyfon 
him ; which  either  through  the  Repentance  of 
the  Domeflick  or  the  Diltrult  of  Seneca , was 
prevented.  Nero  fome  time  after, hearing  that 
Seneca  was  privy  to  Tifo’s  Confpiracy,  and  be- 
ing impatient  of  his  Death,  laid  hold  of  that 
Opportunity  to  deftroy  him.  All  the  Return 
this  ungrateful  Pupil  made  him  for  the  Care 
of  his  Education,  was  to  allow  him  the  choice 
of  his  Death ; which  he  accepted  from  the  Ty- 
rant, and  caufing  his  Veins  to  be  open’d,  he 
died  in  the  twelfth  Year  of  Nero's  Reign, 
A.% h6f. 

I could  willingly  enlarge  upon  his  Life,  but 
fince  my  Subject  confines  me  to  fpeak  obiter  on- 
ly of  forreign  Poets,  I hope  the  Reader  will  ex- 
cule  me, and  feek  in  TacitusySuetonius,a.nd  other 
Roman  Hiflorians  for  the  further  Satisfa&iori : 
or  in  Jujius  Lipjius,  who  has  Pen’d  his  Life 
more  at  large ; whilft  I return  to  my  Tranfla- 
tor,  and  thofe  three  Plays  made  Englijhby  him, 
which  are  Hercules  Furens,  Troas , ana  Thy- 
ejtes. 

. Hercules  Furens,  tho’  not  allow’d  by  fome 
who  are  Criticks  in  Stile,  to  be  writ  by  Seneca, 
is  yet  thought  by  molt  Learned  Men  to  be 

an 


Dramatick  Poets.  2 $ i 

an  Imitation  of  that  Play  of  Euripides , which 
bears  the  fame  Name : and  tho’  in  fome  things 
relating  to  Oeconomy  and  Contrivance,  they 
differ,  in  others  they  agree;  as  has  been  ob- 
ferved  by  Scaliger^Apud Euripidem  Tragcedia  ejt 
huic  affinis , & Argument 0 & Nomine : ceconotnia , 
partim fimilis , partim  diffimilis.  An  Inftance 
of  this,  is  in  the  Scene  between  Lycus  and 
Amphitruo , where  Seneca  has  obferv’d  the  “De- 
corum of  the  Stage  in  the  perfon  of  Amphitruo , 
better  than  Eurtpides ; fo  that  Scaliger  Hicks 
not  to  prefer  the  Latin  to  the  Greek  Poet,  In 
Decore  perfonae  Arnphitrionis  longe  inferior  Sene - 
Ca,  ut  in  muitis  aliis. 

As  to  the  Verfion  of  our  Author,  tho’  I can- 
not much  commend  it,  yet  I believe  it  may  vye 
with  the  Trahflations  of -Mr.  BriJJ'et , and  Le 
Sieur  Nouvelon.  If  Mr.  Linage  has  outdone 
him,  his  becaufe  the  One  is  writ  in  Profe,  and 
fo  is  left  at  liberty  to  exprefs  his  Thoughts ; 
the  Other  is  fetter’d  in  Rhime,  and  has  taken 
an  ill  Meafure  of  Verfe;  Lines  of  fourteen  Syl- 
lables founding  harfh  to  the  Ears  of  thofe  that 
are  ufed  to  Heroick  Poetry.  I muft  do  my  Au- 
thor this  Juflice  to  acquaint  the  whole  World, 
That  he  endeavours  to  keep  to  Seneca's  Sence ; 
andlikewife  to  imitate  his  Verfe, changing  his 
Meafure  as  often  as  the  Author ; the  Chorus 
of  each  Aft  being  different  from  the  Aft  it  felf, 
as  the  Reader  may  obferve  by  comparing  the 
Englijh  Copy  with  the  Latin  Original. 

TroaSj  is  a Tragedy  which  is  extreamly  com- 
mended by  the  -Learned  Farnahy , and  the  Judi- 
cious Daniel  Heinfms  ; the  former  Riling  it  A 

Di- 


2 5 2 An  Account  of  the 

Divine  Tragedy,  in  his  Preface  before  .theft 
Tragedies,  ‘Divinam  Tragcediam  Troadas  L.An- 
Tixo  Seneca;  Thtlofopho  adfcribo  ; the  other  pre- 
ferring it  before  the  Troadas  of  Euripides,  both 
fcrr  the  Language  and  Contrivance:  But  efpe- 
eially  he  fays,  It  far  exceeds  it  in  the  Chorus  : 
fo  that  thofe  of  Seneca  are  Divine  in  refpeftof 
thefe  of  Euripides.  Etiam  in  Choris  nojier  vin- 
cit  quos  ex  pane  is  Graecis  verbis , & qua;  fparfum 
leguntur  fecit  alios  plane  divinos.  I fhall  not 
difpute  whether  this  Tragedy  be  nam’d  Troasy 
or  Troadas •,  according  to  Scaliger’s  Opinion : or 
whether  it  .ought  to  be  nam’d  Hecuba , as  Va- 
lerius Probusynd  fome  others  believe;  but  leave 
thefe  Niceties  to  the  Decifion  of  the  more 
Learned  Criticks,,  whilft  I proceed  to  give  an 
Account  of  ojjr  Authors  Verlion. 

In  this  Tragedy  the  Author  has  taken  the 
liberty  of  adding  feveral  things,  and  altering 
others,  as  thinking  the  Play  imperfeft;  whe- 
ther left  fo  by  Seneca,  or  whether  part  of  it  be 
loft,  he  pretends  not  to  decide.  Firffc,  as  to  his  ! 
Additions  ; he  has  at  the  end  of  the  Chorus 
after  the  firft  Aft,  added  threefcore  Verfes  of  i 
his  own  Invention,.  In  the  beginning  of  the 
fecond  Aft,  he  has  added  a whole  Scene,  where 
he  Introduces  the  Speftre  of  Achilles  rifing 
from  Hell,  to  require  the  Sacrifice  of  TolyXena. 
To  the  C/6ar«r  qf  this  Aft,. he  has  added  three 
Stanzas.  Secondly,  as  to  his  Alterations ; In- 
ftead  of  tranflating  the  Chorus  of  the  third  Aft, 
(which  is  wholly  taken  up  with  the  Names  of 
Forreign  Countries,  the  Tranflation  of  which 
without  Notes,  he  thought  would  be  tirefome 

to 


Draniatkk  Poets.  2 5 f 

to  the  Englijh  Reader;)  he  has  fubftituted  in 
its  Read,  another  Chorus  of  his  own  Invention. 
This  Tragedy  runs  in  Verfes  of  fourteen  Syl- 
lables, and  for  the  molt  part  his  Chorus  is  writ 
in  Verfe  of  ten  Syllables,  which  we  call  He- 
roick  Verfe.  Whether  his  Tranflation  excel, or 
be  excell’d  by  thofe  done  by  Robert  Gamier , 
and  the  Sieur  de  Sallibray , I mufi  leave  to  thofe 
who  have  read  them  to  decide. 

Thyeftesy  is  a Tragedy  in  the  Judgment  of 
Hetnfms  not  inferior  to  any  of  he  other  Dra- 
rnatick  Pieces  Writ  by  Seneca.  Whether  he 
made  ufe  of  Lucius  Varius  or  no,  I mull  leave  to 
the  Inquiry  of  the  Learned;  whilffc  I Inform  my 
Reader,  That  our  Author  tranllated  this  Play 
when  he  was  Fellow  of  All-Souls  Colledge  in 
Oxford.  This  Tragedy, is  writ  in  the  fame  mea- 
fure  of  Verfe  with  the  other  ; only  the  Chorus 
is  writ  in  Alternate  Rime.  The  Tranflator 
has  added  a Scene  at  the  end  of  the  fifth  A<5f, 
fpoken  by  Ihyefles  alone ; in  which  he  bewails 
his  Mifery,  and  implores  Heaven’s  Vengeance 
on  Atreus.  Thefe  Plays  are  printed  with  the 
other  feven  in  a Black  Letter, in4°  Lond.  iy8i. 

John  Heywood. 

This  Ancient  Writer  flourifh’d  in  the  Reigns 
of  K.  Edward  the  Sixth,  and  Queen  Mary  ; and 
liv’d  at  North-mims  in  Hertfordfh'trey  near  St. 
Albans , He  was  rnofl  familiar  with  Sr.  Thomas 
Morey  whole  Neighbour  he  was,  and  by  whom 
I fuppofe  he  was  introduc’d  to  the  knowledge 
of  Queen  Mary  ; in  whole  Favour  he  grew  ex- 
ceed- 


* 54  An  Account  of  the 

ceedingly.  After  her  Death,  he  fled  beyond 
Sea,  on  Account  of  his  Religion,  and  Died  an 
Exile  at  dMechlem,  An.  Uom.  15-5- <5. 

He  was  I believe  One  of  the  firll  Dramatick 
Writers  in  our  Englifh  Tongue,  and  publilht 
Seven  Pieces,  which  he  calls  Interludes : and 
which  according  to  Mr.  Kirkman , were  prin- 
ted with  the  firlt  of  our  Englifh  Printing.  Not- 
withftanding  his  fuffering  forReligion,he  has  as 
much  exploded  the  Vices  of  the  Romijb  Clergy, 
as  Nic.  de  Clemt-.ngiis.  He  fays  of  his  own  W rit- 
ings,  ‘That  he  appliedMirth  more  than  Thrift, 
» * made  mad  Plays,  and  did  few  good  Works  (b). 

Of  all  his  Plays,  I never  faw  but  one,  which 
I have  by  me,  in  quarto ; tho’  I have  been  told 
that  the  reft  of  his  Plays  are  printed  in  fol.  of 
which  in  Order. 

Four  P’s , a Merry  Interlude,  of  a Palmer , 
a Par  doner y a Potycary , and  a Pedler  ; Imprint- 
ed at  London  in  Fleet-jlreet,  at  the  Sign  of  the 
George y by  Witt.Middkton  in  4 9.  Take  a Sample 
of  his  Stile,  that  you  may  judge  of  the  reft. 

Palmer ; 

No  we  God  be  here , who  hepeth  this  Place 
Novo  by  my  Faith , / crye you  mercy 
Of  Reafon  I mujl  Jew  for  grace 
My  Rewdnefs  fjeweth  me  no  fo  homely 
< JVhere  of  your  pardon  axt%  and  wonne 
I few  you  as  Curtejy  doth  me  binde 
To  tell  this  which  frail  be  begonne 
In  order  as  may  come  heft  in  mindy 
I am  a? aimer  as  yeefe,  &c. 

(h  ) 500.  Epijranu,  Nit  mb.  too. 

Play 


Dramatick  Poets;  25$ 

Play  between  John  the  Husband,  and  Tib  his 
Wife. 

Play  between  the  Pardoner,  the  Fryar , the 
Curate,  and  Neighbour  Prat. 

Play  of  Gentlenefs  and  Nobility , a Parts. 

Play  of  Love. 

Play  of  the  Weather. 

Befides  thefe  Plays,  he  has  written  Three 
hundred  Epigrams  upon  300.  Proverbs,  printed 
in  quarto  London. 

A Fourth  hundred  of  Epigrams,  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  iypB. 

A Fifth  hundred  of  Epigrams , printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  iyp8. 

Dr.  Fuller  mentions  a Book  writ  by  our  Au- 
thor, (')  intituled  Monumenta  Liter  aria, which 
are  laid  to  be  Non  tam  labors  condita , quam 
hpore  condita.  The  Author  of  The  Art  of 
Englijh  Poetry,  fpeaking  of  feveral  of  our  Old 
Englijh  Bards,  fays  thus  of  this  our  Poet;  [*) 
4 John  Heyvoood,  who  in  King  Edward  the 
4 Sixth’s  time,  for  the  Mirth  and  Quick nels  of 
4 his  Conceits,  more  than  for  any  good  Learn- 
ing that  was  in  him,  came  to  be  well  benefy’d 
4 by  the  King.  That  the  Reader  may  judge  of 
his  Epigrams,  to  which  certainly  the  fore- 
mentioned  Writer  alludes,  I will  tranferibe 
one,  writ  by  him  on  hirafclf. 

Of  Heyvoood s Fifth  Hund.  Numb.  100. 

Art  thou  Hey  wood  ,with  thy  mad  Merry  Wit  ? 

Tea,forfootb  Majler , that  Name  is  even  hit. 

I i ) H'tribici  London,  p.  (it)  Lib-i.p. 

Art 


2 $6  An  Account  of  the 

Art  thou  Heywood,  that  apply ji  Mirth  more 
than  Thrift? 

TeSy  Sir , I take  merry  Mir  thy  a tG olden  Gift. 

Art  thou  Heywood,  that  hajl  made  many  mad 
'Plays  ? 

Tea,  many  Flay  Sy  few  good  Works  in  my  T)ays. 

Art  thou  Hey  wood, hath  made  Men  merry 

Teay  and  will  .if  I be  made  merry  among,  \long  ? 

Art  thou  Hey  wood,  thatvoouldjl  be  made  merry 

Tesy  Sit  y help  me  to  it  novo , I befeechyou.  [npict 

Tis  not  unlikely  that  our  Author  may  have 
more  Plays  in  Print,  than  we  have  mentioned  ; 
hut  1 am  very  confident  that  The  Tinder  of 
Wakefieldy  and  Thilotas  notwithstanding 

the  Allegations  of  Mr.  Philips  and  Mr.  JVin- 
Jianleyyzxe  not  of  that  number : the  One  being 
written,  as  I fuppofe,  at  leaf!  printed,  above 
Twenty,  the  Other  more  than  Fourty  Years 
after  his  Death. 

Thomas  Heywood. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Time  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , and  the  Reign  of  King  James  the 
Firfl.  Tho’  he  were  but  an  A6tor,  as  is  mani- 
fefl  by  Mr.  Knkmarh  Teflimony,  and  apparent 
from  a Piece  writ  by  him,  call’d  The  ABors 
Vindication  ; yet  his  Plays  were  in  thofe  Days 
accounted  of  the  Second-Rate.  He  was  the 
mofl  Voluminous  Writer  that  ever  handled 
Dramatick  Poetry  in  our  Language  ; and  I 
know  none  but  the  Famous  Spaniardy  Lopez 
de  Vega , that  can  vyc  with  him ; if  at  leaf!  we 
give  Cre4it  to  his  own  Atteflation,  in  the  Pre- 


' Dramatick  Poets . 257 

face  to  One  of  his  Plays ; (J)  ‘ This  Tragi-comedy 
‘ (as  he  fays)  being  One  referv’d  among#  two 
‘ Hundred  and  Twenty,  in  which  I have  had 
4 either  ail  entire  Hand,  or  at  the  lea#  a main 
‘Finger.  Of  this  Number  we  have,  that  I 
know  of,  but  Five  and  Twenty  entire  Plays  re- 
maining : the  Reafon  of  which  the  Author 
gives  us  in  the  fame  Epiftle.  ‘True  it  is,  that 
‘ my  Plays  are  not  expofed  unto  the  world  in 
‘Volumes,  to  bear  the  Title  of  Works , (as  o- 
‘thers)  one  Reafon  is,  That  many  ,pf  them  by 
‘ Ihifting  and  change  of  Companies,  have  been 
‘negligently  loll,  Others  of  them  are  Hill  re- 
gained in  the  Hands  of  fome  A£tors,  who 
‘think  it  again#  their  peculiar  profit  to  have 
‘ them  come  in  Print ; and  a third,  That  it  was 
‘ never  any  great  Ambition  in  me  to  be  Volu- 
‘ minoufly  read. 

Thefe  leem  to  me,  to  be  more  plaufible  Rea- 
fons  than  what  Mr.  Winjlanley  gives  for  their 
Mifcarriage;  4 ’Tis  faid  (m),  that  he  not  only 
* a£led  himfelf  almoft  every  day,  but  alfo  wrote 
‘ each  day  a Sheet ; and  that  he  might  loofe  no 
‘time,  many  of  his  Plays  were  compos’d  in  the 
‘ Tavern,  on  the  back-fide  of  Tavern  Bills ; 
‘which  may  be  the  occafion  that  lb  many  of 
‘ them  be  loft.  Certainly  the  Tavern  Bills  were 
very  large,  or  Mr.  Winjtanley  mu#  think  his 
Readers  Credulity  of  the  fame  extent  with  his 
own  ; who  would  fubfcribe  to  the  belief  of  fo 
ridiculous  a Story.  This  Report  Mr.  Winjlan- 
ley partly  borrows  from  Mr.  Kirkman' s Adver- 
tifement  at  the  End  of  his  Catalogue,  and  as 

(1)  Englifh  Traveller.  (in)  Lives  of  the  Foets,v.$6. 

R StOb- 


2 5 8 An  Account  of  the 

Stories  lofe  nothing  in  the  carriage,  Mr.  IVin- 
Jianley  had  added  the  Contrivance  of  making 
ufe  of  Tavern  Bills  to  fave  Paper.  But  tho’ 
many  of  thele  Plays  being  written  loofely  in 
Taverns  as  Mr.  Kirkman  obferves,  might  occa- 
fion  their  being  fo  mean  ; yet  it  did  not  in  pro- 
bability much  contribute  to  their  lofs,  as  Mr. 
Winftanley  would  have  it. 

To  do  our  Author  jnltice,  I cannot  allow 
that  his  Plays  are  fo  mean  as  Mr.  Kirkman  has 
reprefented  them : for  he  was  a general  Scholar, 
and  an  indifferent  Linguift,as  his  feveral  Tran- 
llations  from  Lucian, E raf  mus, T ixtor,Beza,  Bu - 
chanan,  and  other  Latine  and  Italian  Authors , 
fufficiently  manifeft.  Nay,  further  in  feveral 
of  his  Plays  he  has  borrow’d  many  Ornaments 
from  the  Ancients ; as  more  particularly  in  his 
Plays  call’d  The  Ages , he  has  interfperfl  feve- 
ral Things,  borrow’d  from  Homer , Virgil, Ovid, 
Seneca , Tlautus , &c.  which  extreamly  fet  them 
off  What  Opinion  the  Wits  of  the  laflAge 
had  of  him  may  appear  from  the  following 
Veries,  extracted  from  a Copy  of  the  Poets  of 
thofe  Times:  viz. 

Thefquibbing'bMMlttorx,  and Heywood Sage, 
Th'  Apologetic k Atlas  of  the  Stage  ; 

JVell  of  the  Golden  Age,  he  could  entreat. 

But  little  of  the  Mettal he  could  get ; 
Threescore jvoeet  Babes  he fajhiond  at  a Lump , 
For  he  was  Chrifterid  in  Parnafiits  Tump  ; 

The  (jMufes  Goffip  to  Aurora  r Bed, 

And  ever  fince  that  time  his  Face  was  Red. 

I (hall  now  give  the  Reader  an  Account  of  the 

Plays 


"Dramatick  Poets.  ' 259 

Plays  oifr  Author  lias  written;  but  crave  his 
leave  to  begin  firft  with  thofe,  which  areufu- 
ally  filled  The  Ages , becaufe  they  are  generally 
fold  together,  and  depend  upon  each  other : 
and  on  another  feme  they  delerve  the  Prefer- 
ence, as  being  accounted  by  moll  the  Flower  of 
all  his  Plays.  I fhall  rank  them  in  the  fame 
manner,  as  Ovid  has  deforib’d  them  in  his  Di- 
vine Work,  the  Metamorphojis. 

Golden  Age,  or  The  Lives  of  Jupiter^/  Sa- 
turn, with  the  Deifying  of  the  Heathen  Gods ; 
a Hiflory  fundry  times  a£led  at  the  Red-Butt , 
by  the  Queens  Majefties  Servants,  and  printed 
40  Lond.  161 1.  This  Play  the  Author  fliles, 
(")  4 The  Elded  Brother  of  three  Ages,  that 
1 have  adventur’d  the  Stage,  but  the  only  yet, , 

4 that  hath  been  judg’d  to  the  Prefs.  The  Au- 
thor in  this  Play,  and  the  Two  following  in- 
troduces Homer  as  the  Expofitor  of  each  Dumb 
Jhevo,  in  imitation,  as  I fiippofe,  of Shakefpear% 
pra£tice  in  Pericles  Prince  of  Tyre , where  Go- 
wer is  fuppos’d  to  do  the  fame  piece  of  Service 
to  the  Audience.  I fhall  leave  it  to  the  Learned 
Readers  Judgment  how  far  our  Poet  has,  fol- 
low’d the  Writers  of  Poetical  Hiflory : whiifl 
I refer  my  Englifh  Readers  to  Roj s' s MisI ago - 
gus  Poeticus  ; and  to  Galtruchius’s  Poetical  Hi- 
flory for  fatisfa&ion : or,  if  they  pleafe,  to 
the  Hiftorical  Dictionaries  of  Gouldman,  Lit- 
tleton, &c. 

Silver  Age,  a Hiflory  including  the  l ove  of 
Jupiter  to  Alcmena  ; the  Birth  of  Hercules ancL 
the  Rape  of  Projerpine : concluding  with  the 

(it)  Epiftk*  to  chs  Renter. 

R % Ar* 


2t6o  An  Account  of  the 

Arraignment  of  the  Moon  ; prirfted  4°  Lond. 
i(5i  3.  The  Author  in  this  Epillle  acquaints  the 
Reader,  ‘That  tho’  I began  with  Goldy 
‘ follow  with  Silver , proceed  with  Brafs , and 
4 purpofe  by  God’s  Grace  to  end  with  Iron.  He 
‘hopes  the  declining  Titles  lhall  no  whit  ble- 
‘milh  the  Reputation  of  the  Works:  but  he 
‘rather  trulls,  that  as  thole  Mettals  decreale 
‘ in  value,  fo  e contrario , their  Books  lhall  in- 
‘creafe  in  fubllance,  weight,  and  ellimation. 
Our  Author  in  this  Play  has  borrow’d  feverai 
Pallages  from  the  Ancients : as  the  Intrigue  of 
Jupiter  and  Alcmena , is  tranllated  from  the 
Amphitruo  of  Plautus.  The  Rape  of  Profer- 
pine  is  borrow’d  from  Ovid's  Met  amor phoJisy 
lib.  3,  with  other  places  too  many  to  repeat. 

Brazen  Age , aHillory;  the  FirR  Act  con- 
taining the  Death  of  the  Centaure  NeJJ'us  ; the 
Second,  the  Tragedy  of  Meleager ; the  Third, 
the  Tragedy  of  JaJon  and  Medea;  the  Fourth, 
Vulcan's  Net ; the  Fifth,  the  Labours  and  Death 
of  Hercules:  printed  40  Lond.  1.613.  AH  thefe 
Stories  a re  to  be  found  in  Ovid's  Metamorpbojis. 
For  the  Story  of  NeJJ'us  fee  Lib.  9.  Fab.a.  Of 
Meleager , Lib.8.  Fab.4.  Of  JaJ'on } Lib. 7.  Fab.i. 
Of  V ukan's  Net,  Lib.  4.  Fab.  S-  Of  Hercules^ 
Lib.p.  Fab.  3. 

Iron  Age , the  flrlt  part,  an  Hillory  contain- 
ing the  Rape  of  Hellen  ; the  Siege  of  7 toy  ; the 
Combat  between  He  Bor  and  Ajax  ; Heitor  and 
Troilus  11a in  by  Achilles ; Achilles  {lain  by 
Paris;  Ajax  and  Ulyjfes  contend  for  the  Ar- 
mour of  Achilles  ; tne  Death  of  Ajax  &c.  prin- 
ted 40  Lond.  1632.  and  dedicated  to  his  Wor- 


Dramatick  Poets.  261 

tli y and  Much  Refpeiled  Friend,  Mr.  Thomas 
Hammond  of  Gray'  s-/««  Efquire.  The  Author 
in  his  Epiftle  acquaints  the  Reader,  ‘That  this 
L Iron  Jig e,  beginneth  where  the  other  left, 
‘ holding  on  in  a plain  and  direil  courfe  from 
‘the  fecond  Rape  of  Hellen , not  only  to  the 
‘ utter  ruine  and  devaflation  of  Troy  ; but  it, 
‘ with  the  fecond  part,  flretcheth  to  the  Deaths 
‘ of  Hellen , and  all  thofe  Kings  of  Greece , who 
‘ were  the  undertakers  of  that  Ten  years  bloody 
‘ and  fatal  Siege.  Laflly,  he  defires  the  Reader 
to  take  notice,  ‘That  thefe  were  the  Plays 
‘often  (and  not  with  the  leafl  applaufe,)  pub- 
‘ lickly  ailed  by  two  Companies,  upon  One 
‘ Stage  at  once, and  have  at  fundry  times  throng- 
‘ ed  three  feveral  Theatres,  with  numerous 
‘and  mighty  Auditories.  The  Author  has  bor- 
row’d in  many  places  of  this  Play,  as  the  Rea- 
der may  fee  by  comparing  the  Contention  be- 
tween Ajax  and  Ulyffes  with  Ovid’s  Met  amor - 
phofis , Lib.  1 3.  and  other  the  like,  too  numerous 
to  particularife.  For  the  main  Plot  confult 
Homer , Virgil ’ Dares  Phrigius , &c.  for  the  Epi- 
fodes,  Ovid’s  Epiftles , Metamorphqfis,  Lucian’s. 
Dialogues , &c. 

Iron  Age,  the  fecond  part,  a Hiflory  con- 
taining the  Death  of  Tenthefilea , Paris,  Priam, 
and  Hecuba : The  burning  of  Troy:  The  Deaths 
of  Agamemnon , Menelaus , Clitemnejlra , Hellena , 
Orejles , Egijlus , Pylades , King  Diomed,  Tyrhus, 
Cetbus,  Synon,  Therfites,  printed  40  Lond.  163 2,. 
and  dedicated  to  his  Worthy  and  much  Re- 
fpeiled  F riend,  Nix. Thomas  Manvoaring  Efquire. 
For  the  Plot  confult  the  foremention’dAuthors. 

R 3 Mr. 


262  An  Account  of  the 

Mr.  TJeyvcood  debign’d  a new  Edition  of  all 
thefe  Ages  together,  ‘ And  to  ilk, Urate  (as  he 
c fays  (p)  the  whole  Work,  with  an  Explana- 
‘ tion  of  the  difficulties,/  and  an  Kiflorical  Com- 
1 raent  upon  every  hard  Name,  which  might 
1 appear  obfcure  and  intricate  to  fuch  as  were 
c not  frequent  in  Poetry : but  this  defign  of  his, 
I know  not  for  what- region  was  laid  abide. 

Having  given  the  Reader  a full,  if  not  too  ' 
tedious  Account  of  thefePlays,  I habfcen  to  bpeak 
of  the  rdf  in  our  accublom’d  order  as  follows. 

Challenge  for  Beauty , a Tragi-comedy,  fun- 
dry  times  a&ed  by  the  Kings  Majebties  Ser- 
vants at  the  Black-fryars,  and  at  the  Globe  on 
the  Bank-bide  ; printed  y^Lond.  x 6^6.. .. 

Dut chefs  of  Suffolk  her  Life ; a Hibtory  di- 
vers and  fundry  times  acted  with  good  Ap- 
plaufe ; printed  4°  Lond.  1631.  The  Plot  is 
built  on  Hibtory,  fee  the  Story  at  large  in  Fox' s 
Martyrology  in  the  Reign  of  Qiieen  CMary,  An. 
‘/Join.  iyyB.  in  the  Story  of  Lady  Katherine , 
Dutchebs  of  Suffolk^  Sec  befides  Clark's  ?3lar- 
tyrology , Chap.  ri.  pag.  yai. 

Edward  the  Fourth,  a Hibtory  in  Two  Parts, 
printed  40  Lond.  16 — . The  Foundation  of 
this  Play  is  built  upon  Chronicle.  ;Spe  the  Sto- 
. ly  of  this  King  writ  by  Poly  dor  e Virgil,  Du 
Chefne,  Speed,  &c. 

Engl fti  Traveller,  a Tragi-comedy  publickly 
acted  at  the  Cock-pit  in  Drury -lane,  by  her  Ma- 
ldives Servants;  printed  op  Low'd.  1 633.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Worlhipful  Sir  Henry 
Appleton,  Knight  Baronet.  The  Plot  and  Lan- 

X)  fcbdVc  to  the  Reader. 


guage 


Dramatick  Poets.  26  J 

guage  of  young  Lyonel  and  Reignald,  is  ftoin 
from  Plautus's  Moftellar'ta.  The  Story  of  old 
Wincote and  his  Wife,  Geraldine , and  dJalavil, 
the  Author  affirms  to  be  true  in  his  Hiftory  of 
Women ; where  ’tis  related  at  large  lib.  4.  pag. 
269.  8°  Edition. 

Fair  Maid  of  the  Exchange , a Comedy,  toge- 
ther with  the  merry  Humours,  and  pleafant 
Paflages  of  the  Cripple  of  Fanchurch , furniffit 
with  variety  of  deferable  Mirth : printed  op. 
Lond.  1 637.  The  Parts  are  fo  call  by  the  Au- 
thor, that  tho’  there  are  Twenty  Aftors,  E- 
leven  may  eafily  a£t  this  Comedy : tho’  in  my 
opinion  it  is  not  worth  reviving.  Nay  fur- 
ther, I queftion  notwithftanding  Mr.  Kirhnan 
has  afcrib’d  it  to  our  Author,  whether  it  be  his, 
fince  his  Name  is  not  prefixt,  neither  does  the 
Stile,  or  Oeconomy  referable  the  reft  of  his 
Labours. 

Fair  Maid  of  the  Weft , or  A Girl  worth  Gold, 
a Tragi-comedy  the  FirlEPart:  lately  afted 
before  the  King  and  Queen,  with  approved 
liking,  by  the  Queens  Majefties  Comedians ; 
printed  op  Lond.  1631.  and  dedicated  to  his 
much  Worthy,  and  his  moft  R.efpe£led  John 
Othow  Efquire,  Counfellor  at  Law,  in  the  No- 
ble Society  of  Gray  s-Inn. 

Our  Author  in  the  Epiftle  both  to  this  Play, 
and  The  Englijh  Traveller , pleads  Modefty,  in 
not  expofing  his  Plays  to  the  publick  view  of 
the  World,  in  numerous  Sheets  and  a large 
Volume,  under  the  Title,  of  Works , as  others : 
By  which  he  would  feem  tacitly  to  arraign 
fome  of  his  Cotemporaries  for  Oftentation,  and 
R 4 want 


An  Account  of  the 

■want  of  Modefty.  I am  apt  to  believe,  that 
our  Author  leveli’d  his  Accufation  at  Benjohn- 
fon : lince  no  other  Poet  that  I know  of,  in 
thofe  day,  gave  his  Plays,  the  pompous  Title 
of  Works ; of  which  Sir  John  Suckling  has 
taken  notice  in  his  Sejfions  of  the  Poets. 

The  fir fi  that  broke  filence  was  good  Old  Ben, 
Prepar'd  before  with  Canary  Wine  ; [ Baps, 

And  he  told  them  plainly  that  he  defervd  the 
For  his  were  call'd  Works,  where  others  were 
but  Plays. 

This  puts  me  in  mind  of  a Diflick  directed  by 
fome  Poet  of  that  Age,  to  Benjohnfon ; 

Pray,  tell  me  Ben,  where  does  the  myfi'ry  lurk  ? 
What  others  call  a Play,  you  call  a Work. 

Which  was  thus  anfwer’d  by  a Friend  of  his ; 

The  Author  s Friend  thus  for  the  Author fay s, 
Ben’x Plays  are  Works, when  others  Workfare. 
Plays. 

Fair  Maid  of  the  Wefi , or  A Girl  worth  Gold, 
the  fecond  Part ; acted  before  the  King  ana 
Queen,  with  approved  Liking,  by  the  Queens 
Majeflies  Comedians:  printed Tond.i6^i. and 
dedicated  to  the  true  Favourer  of  the  Mufes, 
and  all  good  Arts,  Thomas  Hammond. , Efq;  of 
Grays-Inn.  Thefe  Plays  ( as  our  Author  ac- 
quaints his  Patron)  (p)  ‘Not  only  pall  the  Cen- 
f lure  of  the  Plebe , and  Gentry , but  of  the  Pa- 
tricians and  Pretextatec  ; as  alfo  of  our  Royal- 
Augufius , and  Livig.  I know  not  where  our 
( p)  Epiftk  Dedicatory. 

Poet 


Dramatick  Poets.  265 

Poet  met  with  this  Story,  but  as  Poets  ufually 
take  the  Foundation  of  a Play,  from  a Hillory, 
or  a Romance  ; fo  thefe  two  Plays  have  lerv’d 
for  the  Subject  of  a Romance,  which  on  this 
Model  was  w rit  by  John  Dancer ^ above-men- 
tioned, to  whom  I refer  you  (y). 

Fortune  by  Land  and  Sea , a Tragi-comedy, 
a&ed  with  great  applaufe,  by  the  Queen’s  Ser- 
vants ; written  by  our  Author,  and  the  Well- 
Kfteem’d  William,  Lowly  ; but  not  printed  till 
after  their  Deceafe,  Lond.  i<5yy. 

Lour  Prentices  of  London,  with  the  Conquell 
of  Jerufalem ; a Hillory  divers  times  aCled  at 
the  Red-Bull , by  the  Queens  Majeflies  Servants 
with  good  applaule  ; printed  40  Lond.  163 
and  dedicated  to  the  Honell  High-Spirited 
Prentices, the  Readers.  This  Play  was  written 
(as  the  Author  fays  ) in  his  Infancy  of  Judge- 
ment, in  this  kind  of  Poetry,  and  his  fi rit  Pra- 
ctice; and  that  as  Plays  were  then,  fome  fix- 
teen  Years  before  its  Publication,  it  was  in  the 
Fafhion.  This  Play  is  founded  on  the  Ex- 
ploits of  the  Famous  Godfrey  of  Bulloigry  who 
took  Jerufalem  from  the  infidels  the  iy,  of 
JulytA.  ID.  10.99.  F°r  the  Story,  fee  Tajfo's  II 
Gofredoj  Dx. Fuller  s Holy  War.  The  late  Hiflo- 
ry  of  the  Croifydes , fyc. 

If  you  know  not  me  you  know  no  Body  ; or  The 
troubles  of  §feen  Elizabeth : a Hillory  in  two. 
Parts,  printed  40  Lond.  1 613.  This  Play  was 
printed  without  the  Author’s  Knowledge  or 
jConfent,  and  that  fo  corruptly,  ( it  not  being 
divided  into  Acts  ) that  at  the  Reviving  of  it 

(q)  Pag.  100. 


at 


266  An  Account  of  the 

•it  the  Cock-pit , after  having  been  ailed  for  the 
fpace  of  one  and  twenty  Years,  he  writ  a Pro- 
logue ( r),  which  particularly  inveigh’d  againll 
this  Impetfeil  Copy,  as  will  appear  by  the  fol- 
iowing  Lines. 

— - — - — — — — 'Twas  ill  nurjl, 

+fndy.et  receiv'd  as  well perform  d at  firjl. 
Grip'd,  and  frequented  for  the  Cradle- Age 
'Did  throng  the  Seats , the  Boxes , and  the  Stage , 
So  much  ; thai  Jome  by  Stenography  drew 
ThefPlpt  put  it  in  print ; ( fcarce  one  word  true) 
And  in  that  lamenefs  it  has  limpt fo  long  ; 

'The  Author  now  to  vindicate  that  wrong , 

Hath  took  the  pains , upright  upon  it's  feet 
fo  teach  it  walk  ; fo  pleajeyou  fit , and  fee't. 

For  the  Plot,  fee  the  Writers  of  the  Life  of 
Q.  Elizabeth ; as  Cambden, Speed, Du  Chefne,fyc. 
And  our1  Author  had  fo  great  a Veneration  for 
that  Heroick  Princefs,  that  he  writ  a little  Hi- 
florical  Piece,  call’d  England's  Elizabeth , print- 
ed 8°  lioud.f&i  i. 

Lancajhrre  Witches,  a well  receiv’d  Comedy, 
ailed  at  'the  Globe  on  the  Bank-fide,  by  the 
Kings  Maje flies  Ailors ; written  by  our  Au- 
thor, and  the  Ingenious  Rich. Brome,  afid  print-  ' 
ed  40.  Loud.  1 6- — . I have  read  in  my  younger 
Days  (if  I miftake  not)  the  Foundation  of  this 
Flay,  in  an  old  Englijh  Quarto ; but  as  to  that 
part  of  the  Plot, where  Whetftone  revenges  him- 
felf  by  is  Aunt’s  means,  on  Arthur,  Shakftone , 
and  Bantam , for  calling  him  Ballard,  Ail 4.  Sc. 
the  lafl;  ’tis  founded  on  the  Story  of  John 
(0  Printed  m bis  Dialogues  an j Dramas* pezq i» 

Ten- 


Dramatick  Poets.  267 

Teutonicus  of  Holberftad \ a place  h\High-Ger- 
many , who  was  a known  Ballard,  arid  a Magi- 
cian. Our  Author  has  related  this  Story  in 
Verie,  in  his  Hierarchy  of  Angels , Lib.  8.  pag. 
yi  ay.©v-. 

Zww  Miflrisy  or  The  Queen's  Mafqne ; three 
times  ailed  before  their  Majeflies,  within  the 
fpaceof  eight  Days ; in  the  prefence  of  fundry 
Forreign  Embaffadours.  Publickly  ailed  by  the 
Queen’s  Comedians,  at  the  Thoenix  i:  Drury- 
Lane.  The  Second  Impreffion  corrected  by 
the  Author,  printed  40  Lond.  1*540.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Right  Honourable  Edward  Earl 
of  Dorfet.  The  Play  is  founded  on  Apuleius' s 
Golden  Afs  : a kind  of  Romance  in  Latin  ; and 
Englijh’d  by  IV.  Addington , ay  Lond.  1634. 

ti "Maidenhead  well  lojl , a pleafant  Comedy, 
publickly  ailed  in  Drury-Lane , with  much  ap- 
plaufe  by  her  Ma jellies  Servants,  printed  40. 
Lond.  1634. 

Rape  of  Lucrece,  a true  Roman  Tragedy, with 
the  fever al  Songs  in  their  appointed  places, 
by  Valerius  the  merry  Lord  among  the  Roman 
Peers.  The  Copy  revis’d,  and  fundry  Songs 
before  omitted,  now  inferted  in  their  right 
places ; ailed  by  her  Majefties  Servants  at  the 
Red-Bully  printed  4 0 Lond.  161%.  For  the  Plot, 
fee  Livy  Dec.  1.  C.  y 8.  Floras  Lib.  1.  C.  7.  Val. 
Max.  Lib.  6. C.  n.  Ex.  1. 

Robert  Earl  o/’Huntingtonb  Downfall , after- 
wards call’d  Robin  Hood \ of  Merry  Sherwoode  ; 
with  his  Love  to  Challe  Matilda , the  Lord 
Eitz-water’s  Daughter , afterwards  his  Fair 
Maid  Marian : ailed  by  the  Right  Honourable 

the 


268  An  Account  of  the 

the  Earl  of  Nottingham , the  Lord  High  Ad- 
miral of  England  his  Servants,  and  printed  40. 
L.ond.  idol. 

Robert  Earl  of  Huntingtons  Death,  other- 
wife  call’d  Robin  Hood  of  Merry  Sherwoode  ; 
with  the  Lamentable  Tragedy  of  Challe  Ma- 
tilda, his  Fair  Maid  Marian,  poyfon’datZ >un- 
tnow  by  the  King ; and  printed  40.  Lond.  1601. 
Both  thefe  Plays  are  printed  in  Black-Letter, 
but  neither  of  them  are  divided  into  Aits.  The 
firli  part  is  introduc’d  by  John  Shelton,  Poet 
Laureat  to  King  Henry  the  Eighth  ; and  the 
the  fecond,  by  Fryar  Tuck.  For  the  Plot,  lee 
our  Englifh  Chronicles  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Richard  the  Firlt,  as  Du  Chefne,  Speed,  Baker , 
&c.Scc  belides  Fullers  Worthies  111  the  Account 
of  Nottinghamjhire , p. 3 iy.  Draytons  Polyolbion , 
Song  a6. 

Royal  King,  and  Loyal  SubjeB  ; a Tragi-co- 
medy,  ailed  with  great  applaufe  by  the  Queens 
Majellies  Servants,  and  printed^.  Lond.  1637. 
The  Plot  of  this  Play,extreamly  refembles  that 
of  Fletcher’s  Loyal  SubjeB. 

Wife-Woman  of  Hoglden,  a Comedy  fundry 
times  ailed  with  good  applaufe,  printed  quarto 
Lond.1618.  This  Play  is  commended  by  a Copy 
of  Verfes,  printed  at  the  End,  writ  by  his 
Friend  Mr.  Samuel  King.  \ 

Woman  kill'd  with  Kindnefs,  a Comedy  often- 
times ailed  by  the  Queens  Majellies  Servants  3 
and  printed  quarto  Lond.  1 6 iy. 

Thefe  are  all  the  Plays  that  our  Author  has 
extant,  except  we  will  reckon  his  Dialogues, 
under  the  Species  of  Dramatick  Poetry ; fuch. 

as 


urnmAtick  Pott  Si  2 69 

as  Jupite^  and Io ; Apollo  and  Daphne ; Amphrifey 
or  The  Forfaken  Shepherdefs ; gyc.  all  which 
with  feveral  Tranflations  above-mention’d  the 
Reader  may  perufe  in  a Book  intituled,  Tlea- 
fant  “Dialogues  and  Drammas , c bile  tied  out  of 
Lucian,  Erafmus,  Textor,  Ovid,  &c.  printed 
o£tavo  Land.  1637. 

There  may  be  another  Reafon  added  to  thole 
already  mention’d,  why  no  more  of  our  Au- 
thor’s Plays  have  been  publilhed,  which  he 
himfelf  gives  us  in  his  Epiftle  to  The  Rape  of 
Lucrece ; ‘ That  he  ufea  to  fell  his  Copy  to 
‘ the  Players,  and  therefore  fuppos’d  he  had  no 
‘further  right  to  print  them,  without  their 
‘Content  ; which  is  the  Reafon  that  lb  few 
‘ are  in  print ; and  that  fome  of  thefe  Plays  that 
‘ are  fo,  have  been  copy’d  by  the  Ear,  and  print- 
‘ed  uncorre£l  without  his  Knowledge. 

As  to  his  other  Pieces,  he  has  publilht  fe- 
veral  in  Verfe  and  Profe.  In  the  former  he 
has  written  a Poem,  called  The  Hierarchy  of  the 
Blejfed  Angels , with  Notes,  printed  <fol.  Lond. 
i<?3v-  In  reading  over  this  Book,  I find  our 
Author  informing  the  World,  (f)  ‘That  he 
‘intended  to  commit  to  the  publick  View,  the 
‘ Lives  of  the  Poets,Forreign  and  Modern, from 
‘ the  firfi:  before  Homer , to  the  NoviJJimi  and 
‘ laft,  of  what  Nation  or  Language  fbever ; fb 
‘ far  as  any  Hiflory,  or  Chronology  would  give 
‘him  warrant.  But  this  Work,  notwithftand- 
ing  our  Author’s  Intention,  I prefume  was  ne- 
ver compleated,  or  at  leafl:  publilht. 

His  chief  Pieces  in  Profe  are,  An  Apology  for 

(1)  Notes  a*  Lib.  j.  p.  ————————— 

Aft  or S 2 


270  An  Account  of  the 

Aft or s,  printed  40,  Lond.  1611.  which  was 
highly  commended  by  ieveral  Copies  of  Varies, 
written  in  Greek , Latin , and  Englijh.  This 
piece  was  anfwer’d,  or  rather  rail'd  againft  by 
One  J.G.  in  a Pamphlet  call’d,  A Refutation  of 
the  Apology  for  Aft  or  s;  printed  40.  Lond.  161  y. 
Whether  Mr.Prynns  Piece  call’d  Hiftriomajlix, ' 
printed  40.  Lond.  1633.  were  particularly  le- 
yell’d  againft  this  Book,  I cannot  pofitively  de- 
termine r.  but  I think  Sir  Richard  Baker,  who 
anfwer’d  it,  (in  a little  Piece  call’d  The  Theatre 
vindicated ’ printed  8°.  Lond.  ) has  fufficiently 
made  out  the  Chara&erhe  gives  of  it,  (‘)  That 
all  his  Book  is  but  a Bundle  of  Scolding  fnve- 
Slives,  and  Railing , inftead  oi  Reafonidg.  ‘ He 
has  writ  befides  ft  he  Life  and  Troubles  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , from  her  Cradle  to  her  Crown, 
printed  80.  Lond.  rtf 3 1 . The  Examplary  Hives 
and  Atts  of  Nine  Women  Worthies;  three 
Jews,  three  Gentiles , and  three  Ghrifians  ; 
printed  40.  1640.  The  General  Hiftory  of  Wo- 
men of  the  rnoft  Holy,  and  Profane,  the  moft 
Famous,  and  Infamous  in  all  Ages ; printed  8°. 
Lond.  16 s"]-  ( 

1 he  ufual  Motto  which  he  prefix’d  to  moft 
of  his  Works,  and  which  fhew’d  the  chief  de- 
fign  of  his  W riting,  was  this  of  Horace , 

Aut  prodeffe  folent,  aut  dele  ft  are.  — - 

Barten  Hollyday. 

A Gentleman  thatflourilht  in  the  Reigns  of 
King  Charles  the  Firft  and  Second.  He  was 

(0  Pag.  17.  , 

bom 


. I 


Bramatick  Poets.  271 

born  about  the  latter  End  of  Queen  Elizabeth* 
Reign,  in  Oxford \ in  the  Parish  of  All-Saints. 
He  was  enter’d  young,  at  Chrijt-Cburoh , in  the 
time  of  Dr.  Ravis , his  Relation  and:  Patron, 
by  whom  he  was  chofe  Student ; and  having 
taken  his  Degrees  of  Batchelor  and. Mafier 
of  Arts,  he  at  length  became  Arch-Deacon 
of  Oxfordjhire.  He  died  foon  after  the  King’s 
Return,  at  Eifly , the  Corps  of  his  Arch-Dea- 
conry,  (near  Oxford ) in  the  Year  1 66 r.  and 
was  buried  in  Chrift-Church  ; havitigUeft.  be- 
hind him  the  Character  of  a general  Scholar, 
a good  Preacher,  a skilful  Philofbphev,  rand  an 
excellent  Poet.  As  a proof  of  this,  I mull  re- 
fer my  Reader  to  his  Works  in  general,,  it  ba- 
ing  my  province  at  prefent  only  to  enu- 
merate his  Writings,  and  make, remarks  on  no- 
thing, but  what  he  has  publifht  in  Drajnatick 
Poetry  ; which  is  a Play  call’d  ? ' 

Trxnotamia,  or  The  Marriages  oft  be  Arts, 
a Comedy,  ailed  by  the  Students  of  Chrifr- 
Church  in  Oxford^  before  the  Univerfity,  at 
Shrove-tide ; printed^.  Lond.  1630.  The  Au- 
thor has  fumciently  fhew’d  his  Learning  iii 
the  Contexture  of  this  Comedy,  and  has  intro  - 
duc’d feveral  things  from  the  Ancients ; par- 
ticularly two  Odes  from  Anacreon , viz,  A61  i. 
Sc.  z.  A61 3.  Sc.  the  Ml.  He  has  fhew’d  how 
well  he  was  able  to  imitate  another  Author, 
by  this  Play;  as  the  Reader  may  fee,  by  com- 
paring the  Challenge  of  Logicus , to  Rcita,  Ail 
a.  Sc.  z.  with  that  of  2>amet«s  to  Clinias , drawn, 
by  the  Pen  of  the  Admirable  Sir  Philip  Sidney. 

He  has  feveral  other  Pieces  of  Poetry,  which 

tho’ 


272  Aft  Account  of  the 

tlto’  Transitions,  have  gain’d  him  a confide- 
Table  Reputation,  as  the  Tranflation  of  the  Sa- 
tyrs of  Juvenal,  and  Terfius ; Illuflrated  with 
Notes  and  Sculptures,  printed  Fol.  Oxon.i6q^. 
His  Verfion  of  the  Odes  of  Horace , mention’d 
by  Mr.  Wood,  (u)  to  have  been  printed  Lond. 
1 65-2.  He  has  likewife  publifht  feveral  Ser- 
mons, as  Three  Sermons  preach’d  at  Oxford, 
and  two  Sermons  at  St.  Pauls-Crofs , printed 
1 6164  A Sermon  of  the  Nature  of  Faith,  print- 
ed 4°-  Lond.  165-4.  Motives  to  a godly  Life, 
printed  4°.  Oxon.i6y^.  In  Latin , he  has  print- 
ed two  Pieces,  viz.  Thilofophia  Tolitico-barbara 
Specimen , de  Anima.  40.  Oxon.  1635-.  Or  bis  ter- 
rarum  JnfpeSiio,  lib.  1 o.  Oxon.  1661. 

Charles  Hool. 

A Gentleman  living  in  the  Reigns  of  King 
Charles  the  Firll  and  Second,  and  poflibly  Rill 
in  Being.  He  was  born  at  Wakefield mTorkfhire; 
and  at  eighteen  Years  of  Age,  came  up  to  the 
Univerfity  of  Oxford,  and  was  enter’d  of  Lin- 
coln Colledge.  After  having  taken  his  Degree 
of  Mailer  of  Arts,  he  withdrew  into  his  own 
Countrey,  where  he  took  upon  him  the  Pro- 
feffion  of  a School  Mailer  : he  taught  in  feveral 
places,  particularly  at  Rotheram , ( a Market- 
Town  in  the  Well  Riding  in  Torkfhire  \ ) and 
afterwards,  being  fent  for  up  to  London  by  fe- 
veral Eminent  Citizens,  he  taught  School  in 
Red-Crop-Jlreet,  near  Alderf-gate  Parifh;  and 
afterwards  remov’d  to  Arunael-Buildings , not 

(u  )Antiq.  Lib,j,  p.  179. 


far 


Dramatick  Poets.  273 

far  from  the  Royal-Exchange.  At  the  King  s 
Return,  he  left  the  City,  and  remov’d  into 
Wales,  where  poffibly  he  ftill  follows  that  ufe- 
ful  Profeflion.  He  has  been  very  laborious, 
not  only  in  Inflru£ling  Youth,  but  alfo  in  pub- 
lifhing  many  Books  to  their  Advancement. 
One  of  which,  is  the  Subje6t  of  his  being  men- 
tion’d in  our  Catalogue  ; viz. 

Six  Comedies  of  that  Excellent  Poet  Tublius 
Terentius , an  African  of  Carthage , in  Englijh 
and  Latin ; for  the  ufe  of  Young  Scholars,  that 
they  may  the  more  readily  obtain  the  purity 
of  the  Latin  Tongue,  for  common  Difcourfe ; 
printed  8°.  1676.  This  Tranflatiou  was  un- 
dertaken by  our  Author,  at  the  Requeft  of  the 
Company  of  Stationers , for  whom  it  was  print- 
ed ; and  was  caffrated  in  fome  places;  as  in  par- 
ticular, fee  Eunuchus  A£f  3.  Sc.  q.,  y.  to  fpare 
the  Modefly  of  the  Youth  under  his  Tuition. 
Thole  who  would  know  more  of  Terence , and 
his  Works,  let  them  turn  back  to  Richard 
Bernard. 

The  reft  of  his  Works  confift  chiefly  in 
Tranflations  of  Books  for  the  ufe  of  young 
Scholars,  as  Corderius , Cato,  <AEfofs  Fables , 
Commend  Or  bis  pi&us,  c ire.  To  which  I may 
add  his  Edition  of  the  Greek  Teflament , in 
which  the  Young  Grecian  will  find  all  the 
Themes  of  Greek  Words  ( according  to  Pa/for’s 
Lexicon)  plac’d  in  the  Margin.  He  has  pub- 
lifht  befides.  An  Entrance  to  the  Latin  Tongue , 
o£lavo  Lond.  165-9.  Ain  Explanation  of  the  Ac- 
cidence, odfavo  Lond.  1683.  with  other  Books 
of  the  like  Nature.  ^ , , 

s Edward 


274  Account  of  the 

Edward  Howard,  Efq; 

A Gentleman,  (as  I fuppofe)  now  living,  who 
has  addicted  himfelf  to  the  Study  of  Dramatick 
Poetry : how  well  he  has  fucceeded  therein,  I 
Ihall  leave  to  the  Readers  Judgment,  who  may 
find  four  Plays  of  his,  under  the  Titles  of, 

iSMan  of  New- Market,  a Comedy  ailed  at 
the  Theatre -Royal,  and  printed  40  Lond.  1678. 

Six  ‘Days  Adventure,  or  The  New  Utopia,  a 
Comedy  ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke 
of  Tory’s  Theatre;  printed  40  fond.  1671.  This 
Play  mifcarried  in  the  Ailion,  as  the  Author 
himfelf  acknowledges  ip  his  Preface ; and  in- 
deed that  (harp  Wit,  the  late  Earl  of  JZochefter, 
writ  an  Inveilive  againfl  it  (x);  but  the  Ingeni- 
ous Mrs .Behn,  M r . RavenJ croft,  and  other  Poets 
of  the  Age,  fent  the  Author  Recommendatory 
Verfes,  which  are  printed  with  the  Play : and 
in  return  he  writ  a Tindarick  (y)  to  Mrs.  Behn\ 
which  flie  gratefully  publifht  in  a Collection  of 
Poems,  printed  8°  fond.  i68y. 

Ufurper , a Tragedy,  ailed  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal  by  his  Majeflies  Servants,  and  printed 
, 40.  Lond.166%.  Whether  the  Author  defign’d 
in  the  Carailer  of  Damocles , to  perfoftate  Oli- 
ver Cromwel,  and  intended  his  Play,  a paralel 
of  thofe  times,  I leave  to  more  difcerning 
Judgments. 

tVomens  Conquejl , a Tragi-comedy,  ailed  by 
his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  Torkj  Ser- 
vants,and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1577.  This  I take 
to  be  the  belt  Play  our  Author  has  publifht'. 

(z)  P»e»Ui  p.  90.  (y)  Poemsi  p.  ij?. 


Dramatick  Pacts.  275 

Befides  thefe  Plays  Mr.  Howard  hath  pub- 
Jifht  an  Epick  Toetn , in  oCtavo,  call’d  The 
Britif)  Princefs ; which  the  late  Earl  of  Ro- 
chester has  likewile  handled  leverely.  (z)  There 
is  afcrib’d  to  him,  another  Book  of  Poems  and 
Eflays,  with  a Paraphrafe  bn  Cicero  s Latins , 
or  T raSi  of  Ftiendpip^  printed  in  octavo  Lon- 
don 1 6 — . 

James  Howard.,  Efq; 

~ lam  not  able  to  acquaint  the  Reader,  whe- 
ther or  no  this  Gentleman  be  of  the  fame 
Family  with  the  former  ; but  I am  oblig’d  to 
mention  him,  on  Account  of  two  Plays  writ 
by  him,  viz. 

All  mijlaken , or  The  Mad  Couple , a Comedy, 
aCted  by  his  Majefties  Servants,  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal,  and  printed  4 o Lond.  1672.  This  Play 
is  commended  by  fome  for  an  excellent  Co- 
medy. 

Englijh  Monpeur , a Comedy  acted  at  the 
Theatre-Royal  by  his  Majefties  Servants, print- 
ed 40  Lond.\6’-\4c.  Whether  the  late  Duke  of 
Buckingham  in  his  Character  of  Prince  Eol- 
fcius's  falling  in  Love  with  Tarthenope , as  he 
is  pulling  on  his  Boots  to  go  out  of  Town,  de- 
fign’d  to  refleCt  on  the  Characters  of  Comely , 
and  Elsbetp  I pretend  not  to  determine : but 
I know  there  is  a near  Refemblance  in  the  Cha- 
racters. 


(2)  Poms,  p.  88, 


276 


An  Account  of  the 

Sir  Robert  Howard. 

This  Ingenious  Per  fon  is  equally  eonfpicuous 
for  the  Luflre  of  his  Birth,  and  the  Excellency 
of  his  Parts ; being  ( as  I fuppofe ) Brother  to 
the  prefent  Earl  of  Berk  [hire,  and  One  whole 
Plays  will  remain  Eternal Telhmonies  to  Polle- 
rity,  of  his  Skill  in  Draniatick  Performances. 
His  Committee ,and  Indian  Queen, zee  defer vedly 
admir’d  by  the  bell  Judges  of  Dramatick  Poe- 
try : and  even  our  late  Laureat,  in  fpite  of 
Envy,  mull  acknowledge  his  Worth,  both  as 
a Poet  and  Patron  His  Inlays  are  lix  in  num- 
ber, viz.  | 

Blind  Lady , a Comedy,  printed  octavo  Lond. 
16 

Committee , a Comedy,  printed  fol.  Lond. 

1 66 y.  This  is  an  admirable  Comedy,  and  high- 
ly commended. 

Great  Favourite , or  The  Duke  of  Lerma,  a 
Tragi-comedy,  ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal  by 
his  Majellies  Servants;  printed  op.  Lond.  1668. 
For  the  Plot, fee  the  Hiltorians  of  thole  Times, 
as  Mariana , de  May  erne  Turquet^c.  This  Play 
(as  I have  before  oblerv’d  p.idy.)  was  reflected 
on  by  lAt.Drydenfnd  had  he  confulted Reafon, 
Gratitude,  or  hxs  own  Reputation,  he  had  o- 
therwife  imploy’d  his  time ; it  being  a truc^, 
Obfervation,  which  St.  Robert  has  made,  in  his 
Prologue  to  the  Veftrtd  Virgin  : 

This  doth  a vor  etched  Dearth  of  Wit  betray. 

When  thing*  of  Ycind  on  One  another  prey. 

Indian  Qpeen,  a Tragedy,  writ  in  Heroick 

Verfe, 


Dramatick  Poets.  277 

Verfe,  and  formerly  acted  with  great  applaule 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  fol.  Lond.i66f. 

Surprifal a Tragi-comedy,  a£ted  at  the  The- 
atre-Royal, and  printed  fol.  Lond.  166 y. 

Vejla.1  Virgin,  or  The  Roman  Ladies , a Tra- 
gedy a£ted  by  the  King’s  Servants,  and  printed 
fol.  Lond.  1 

Some  Readers,  who  are  Grangers  to  the  Ex- 
cellent Tallents  of  Sir  Robert , might  expert 
from  me  fome  Difcoveries  of  what  he  has 
borrow’d ; but  I am  to  Inform  them,  That  this 
Admirable  Poet  has  too  great  a Stock  of  Wit  of 
his  own,  to  be  neceffitated  to  borrow  from  o- 
thers.  All  that  I can  obferve  is,  That  The 
Vejlal  Virgin  has  a double  Fifth  A£1 ; the  One 
of  which  ends  Tragically,  the  Other  fuccefs- 
fully ; which  poflibly  might  be  done,  in  Imi- 
tation ok  Sit  John  Suckling , the  only  Gentleman 
that  I know, fit  for  his  Imitation,  who  has  done 
the  fame  thing  in  his  Aglaura. 

He  has  writ  befides  fome  Poems,  which  are 
printed  with  his  Blind  Lady , in  o6tavo  ; and 
four  of  his  Plays,  viz.  Surprifal \ Committee , In- 
dian Queen  and  Vejlal  Virgin , are  printed  toge- 
ther in  fol.  Lond.  166$. 

James  Howel. 

A Gentleman  of  Wales,  born  at  Aberna- 
lies  in  the  County  of  Caermarden , in  the  Year 
ijT94-  He  was  Bred  up  at  the  Free-School 
in  Hereford ; and  at  16.  Years  of  Age,  fent  to 
the  Univerfity  of  Oxford \ where  he  became  a 
Member  of  Jefus  Colledge.  About  March , in  the 
S 3 Year 


278  An  Account  of  the 

Year  idi8.  he  travelled  beyond  Sea,  being  lent 
on  Buifinefs,  by  Sir  Robert  Manfel,  where  he 
vifited  the  Low-Countries , and  afterwards 
made  a Tour  thro 'France,  and  Italy  ; as  ap- 
pears by  the  Letters  he  has  publifht.  In 
which  the  Reader  may  not  only  be  inform’d 
of  the  Chief  Occurences  of  thofe  Times, 
but  of  our  Author’s  feveral  Imployments; 
as,  His  being  lent  by  King  James  into  Spain, 
for  the  Recovery  of  a Veffel  of  great  va- 
lue, feiz’d  on  by  the  Vice-Roy  of  Sardinia , 
under  pretence  of  being  laden  with  prohi- 
bited Goods:  His  being cliofen Fellow  of  Je- 
fus  Colledge , during  his  abfence ; His  being  Se- 
cretary to  the  Lord  Scroop , when  he  was  Pre- 
lident  of  the  Councel  in  the  North  ; His  being 
Imploy’d  about  the  Clerks  of  the  Councel,  fyc. 

Notwithlfcandmg  his  various  Employs,  and 
multiplicity  of  Bufinefs,  he  found  leifure  to 
publilli  abundance  of  Books,  to  the  number  of 
Fourty-nine  : Many  of  them  wereTranflations 
out  of  French , Italian , Spanijh , Tortuguefe  : Of 
which  Nature  is  the  Play,  which  occafions  his 
mention  in  our  Catalogue  \ viz. 

Nuptials  of  Peleus  and  Thetis , confiftingof  a 
Mafque,  and  a Comedy,  or  The  Great  Royal 
Ball  adled  in  Paris , fix  times,  by  the  King  in 
perfon,  the  Duke  of  Anjou , the  Duke  of  Torh , 
with  divers  other  Noblemen.  Alfo  by  the 
Princefs  Royal  Henriette  Marie , the  Princefs 
of  Conty,  jyc.  printed  40.  Lond.  16^4.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  mod  Excellent  and  High  Born 
Lady,  the  Lady  Katherine  Marchionefs  of  Uor- 
chejler.  The  Mafque  was  extracted  from  an 


Dramatick  Poets . 279 

Italian  Comedy,  which  the  Author  has  made 
Englifh , by  a nearer  adherence  to  the  Original, 
than  to  the  French  Translation.  For  the  Plot, 
’tis  founded  on  Ovid's  Metamorphqfis,  lib.  11. 
See  befides,  Catulli  Aurgonautica , five  Epitha- 
lamium. 

’Tis  not  to  be  expe&ed  that  I Ihould  {pare 
room  to  give  an  Account  of  our  Authors  Works 
in  particular,  they  being  fo  numerous : I fhall 
therefore  only  mention  lome  of  the  moll  Emi- 
ment,  and  refer  the  Reader  for  further  Sat  if. 
fa&ion  to  the  perufa]  of  a Catalogue  of  them, 
publifhed  with  a former  Edition  of  his  Letters, 
printed  8°.  Lond.  \6$%.  His  chief  Pieces  are, 
Dodona's  Grove , a Book  much  priz’d,  and  tranfi- 
lated  into  French  163-2.  His  Letter s,  which 
were  formerly  in  four  diflindt  Volumes,  and 
are  reduc’d  into  one ; amongft:  which  are  feve- 
ral  to  Ben.  Johnfon , which  fpeak  their  Inti- 
macy. Befides  thefe,  he  has  writ  a Book  of 
the  Precedency  of  Kings,  printed  Fol.  Lend 
1664.  Survey  of  the  Senior ie  of  Venice.  Fol. 
Lond.  1 63-2,  Life  of  Lewis  the  Thirteenth, and 
Cardinal  Richelieu , Fol.  Lond.  1646.  fMor- 
phandra , or  The  Queen  of  the  Enchanted IJlandy 
a Poem  in  Fol.  The  Vote , a Poem  Royal,  in 
4°,  dye. 

He  died  about  the  beginning  of  November, 
1 666.  and  was  buried  on  the  North-fide  of  the 
Temple-Church,  with  this  Infcription  fix’d 
upon  the  Wall ; Jacobus  Howell  Cambro-Brz- 
t annus,  Regius  Hifioriographus , in  Anglia  pri- 
mus ; qui  pojl  varias  peregrinationes , tandem  na- 
ture curfwfi  peregit , Satur  Annorum , & Fam<e, 
S 4 dome. 


280  An  Account  of  the 

doma,  forij'que  hue  ufque  et  rations , heic  fixus 

1 666. 


L 

Thomas  Jevorn. 

APerfon  lately  dead,  and  one  fufficiently 
known  to  all  that  frequent  the  Theatre, 
"both  for  his  Excellency  in  Dancing  and  A&ion. 
He  has  writ  a Play,  or  rather  a Farce,  call’d 

The  T)evil  of  a Wife , or  A Comical  Tranf- 
formation  ; adted  by  their  Majefties  Servants  at 
the  Queen’s  Theatre  in  Dorjet-Garden ; printed 
q/>.  Lond.  1 685.  and  dedicated  to  his  Friends, 
that  frequent  Locket' s Ordinary.  This  Farce 
is  founded  on  a Tale  as  well  known  as  that  of 
Mopfa , in  Sir  Fhilip  Sidney  s Arcadia ; tho’  I 
think  if  compar’d  with  our  French  Farces  lb 
frequent  on  our  Englijh Stage,  it  may  deferve 
the  Preheminence. 

Thoms  Ingeland. 

A Student  in  Cambridge  in  the  Reign  of 
Queen  Elizabeth : The  Author  of  a Play, which 
he  fHIes,  A Pretty  and  Merry  Interlude,  call’d 
The  T)  if  obedient  Child.  ’Tis  writ  in  old  Vcrfe 
of  Ten  Syllables,  and  printed  4°.  in  an  old 
Black  Letter,  (without  any  Date  ) by  'Thomas 
Colwell  in  Fleet-Jlreet. 

John 


2%t 


; Dramatick  Poets. 

John  Jones. 

An  Author  who  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firfl,  and  writ  a Play  nam’d 

Adrafia , or  The  IV imans  Spleen , and  Loves 
Conquejl,  a Tragi-comedy,  printed  40.  Lond. 
163;-.  and  dedicated  to  Eugenius,  by  which 
Name  he  defires  to  comprehend  all  his  Friends, 
fubfcribing  himfelf  Mujophilu's.  This  Play  the 
A&ors  refus’d,  and  1 think  with  Juflice ; it  be- 
ing very  indifferently  written.  The  Intrigue 
between  ‘Damafippus,  Frail-ware,  and  their 
Wives,  in  the  third  A£l,  is  borrow’d  from 
Boccace'%  Novels  Day  8.  Nov.8.  However  the 
Author  was  of  Opinion  it  deferved  to  appear 
in  publick ; and  therefore  prefix’d  the  follow- 
ing Saying  of  Horace,  in  his  Title-page  : 

■ volet  hac  fuh'  luce  videri, 

Judicis  argutum  qua  non  formidat  acumen. 

Benjamin  Johnson. 

I have  already  drawn  fome  ftrokes  of  this 
Great  Man’s  Character,  in  my  Defence  of  him 
againff  the  Attempts  of  Mr.  Dryden ; and  there- 
fore fhall  lefs  need  to  make  a curious  and 
exa6l  Defcription  of  all  his  Excellencies ; 
which  otherwife  are  very  Great,  Noble,  and 
Various  ; and  have  been  remark’d  in  parcells 
by  feveral  Hands,  but  exceed  my  fmall  Capa- 
city to  collecl  them  into  one  full  View'.  I 
fhall  therefore  rather  let  them  lye  difpers’d,  as 
Scaliger  did  Virgil' s Praifes,  thro’  his  whole 
Bool^, of  Poetry;  contenting  my  felf  at  prefent  „ 

with 


2 S 2 An  Account  of  the 

with  giving  the 'Reader  an  Account  of  the  pri- 
vate Qccurrencies  of  his  Life. 

To  begin  then  with  his  Nativity:  He  was 
born  in  the  City  of  Pt'ejiminfler ; and  tho’  he 
fprang  from  mean  Parents,  yet  his  Admirable. 
Parts  have  made  him  more  Famous  than  thole 
of  a more  Confpicuous  Extraction.  Nor  do  I 
think  it  any  Diminution  to  him,  that  he  was 
Son-in-law  to  a Bricklayer , and  work’d  at  that 
Trade;  fince  if  we  take  a Survey  of  the  Re- 
cords of  Antiquity,  we  fhall  find  the  Greatejl 
Poets  of  the  meandf  Birth ; and  moft  lyable  to 
the  Inconveniencies  of  Life.  Witnefs  Homer , 
who  begg’d  from  door  to  door ; Euripides , tra- 
ded in  Herbs  with  his  Mother ; Tlautus  was 
forc’d  to  ferve  a Baker ; Neuius  was  a Captain’s 
Man ; Terence  was  a Slave  to  the  Generous 
Lucan ; JEirgil,  was  the  Son  of  a Basket-maker  : 
and  yet  thefe  thought  the  Oblcurity  of  their 
Extraction  no  Diminution  to  their  Worth ; 
nor  will  any  Man  of  Sence  refled  on  Ben.  John- 
son on  this  Account,  if  he  ferioufly  call  to  Mind 
that  faying  of  Juvenal ( a )• 

a 

Nobilitas  Jola  ejl , atq;  mica  Virtus. 

He  was  Bred  firft  at  a Private-School,  in  St. 
Martin’s  Church,  then  plac’d  at  IE ?JlminJiery 
under  the  Famous  Mr.  Cambden , (to  whom  in 
Gratitude  he  dedicated  his  Fourteenth  Epi- 
gram ) afterwards  he  was  fent  to  Saint  Johns 
Colledge  in  Cambridge ; from  thence  he  remo- 
v’d to  Oxford ’ and  was  enter’d  of  Chrijl-Church 
Colledge;  wheie  in  the  Year  1619.  ( as  Mr. 

(a)  batyr.  8. 


W ood 


Dramatick  Poetf.  28^ 

Wood  (6)  fays)  he  took  his  Mafler  of  Arts  De- 
gree: tho’ Dr.  Fuller  fays,  (c)  ‘ He  continu’d 
‘ there  but  few  Weeks,  for  want  of  Mainte- 
nance, being  fain  to  return  to  the  Trade  of 
‘his  Father-in-law;  where  he  affifted  in  the 
New  Building  of  Lincolns  Inn , with  a Trowel 
in  his  Hand,  and  a Book  in  his  Pocket.  But 
this  Englijh  Maro, was  not  long  before  he  found 
a Maecenas  and  a Earns , to  manumit  him  from 
an  Employment  fo  painful,  and  furnifht  hint 
with  means  to  enjoy  his  Mufe  at  liberty,  in  pri- 
vate. ’Twas  then  that  he  writ  his  Excellent 
Plays,  and  grew  into  Reputation  with  the 
molt  Eminent  of  our  Nobility  and  Gentry. 
’Twas  then,  that  Carthwright , Randolph , and 
others  of  both  Univerfities,  fought  his  Ado- 
ption ; and  gloried  more  in  his  Friendfhip,  and 
the  Title  of  his  Sons , than  in  their  own  Well- 
deferv’d  Chara&ers.  Neither  did  he  lefs  love, 
or  was  lefs  belov’d  by  the  Famous  Poets  of  his 
Time,  Shakfpear , Beaumont , and  Fletcher : wit- 
nefs  his  Copy  which  he  writ  on  Shakfpear , after 
his  Death,  (d)  and  his  Verfes  to  Fletcher  when 
living  (e). 

He  was  a Man  of  a very  free  Temper  , and 
withal  blunt,  and  fomewhat  haughty  to  thole, 
that  were  either  Rivals  in  Fame , or  Enemies 
to  his  Writings : (witnefs  his  Toet after,  where- 
in he  falls  upon  Decker , and  his  anfwer  to  Dr. 
Gill,  who  writ  agairift  his  eSMagnetick  Lady,') 
otherwife  of  a good  Sociable  Humour,  when 
amongfl  his  Sons  and  Friends  in  the  slpollo  : 

(b)  Antiq . L.  2.  p.  243.  (c)  worthies  , we(lminfter , p.  243* 
(jd)  See  bis  Works  at  ibe  beginning,  (ej  See  Flctcher’i  Works. 

from 


284  An  Account  of  the 

from  whole  Laws  the  Reader  may  pollibly  bet- 
ter judge  of  his  Temper;  a Copy  of  which  I 
have  tranfc  rib’d  for  the  Learn ’d  Readers  per- 
wfal. 

Leges  Convivales,  quod  foelix  fauftumque 
Convivis  in  Apolline  fit. 

Nemo  afymboluSy  nifi  umbra  hue  venito, 

Idiot  a,  inj'ultus,  trijtis , turpis  abejlo. 

Eruditi , Urbani,  Hilar.es ^ Modejli  adfcifcuntur , 
Nee  left  a Fceminx  repudiantur.  [<?/?<?, 

In  apparatu,  quod  convivis  corruget  nares  nil 
EpuLc  deleBu  pot  ms,  quam  fumptu  par  ant  ur  ; 
Obfonator , & Coquus  convivarum  guide  periti 
De  Difi ;ubitu  non  contenditur.  [Junto; 

tSMiniJlri  a Dapibus,  oculati , Jy  muti , 

A poculis  auriti,  & celeres  funto.  f hofpes , 
Vina  puris  fontibus  minijlrantur , aut  vapulet 
Moderatis  poculis  provocare  Jodalesfas  efto} 

At  f abuli  s , magis  quant  vino  velitatio fiaty 
Convive  nec  muti , nec  loquaces  Junto. 

De feriis  aut facrispoti , Jy Jaturi  ne  diJferuntoy 
Fidicen  n 'tfi  accerjitus  non  venito. 

Admijjo  rifu,  tripudiis , chords, faltibus, 

Omni  gratiarum  fejlivitate J'acra  celebrantur : 
foci fine felte  funto 
InJipida  Toemata  nulla  recitantur  ; 

Verjus  feribere  nuttus  cogitur  ; 
Argumentations  tot  mis  Jlrepitus  abejlo ; 
Amatoriis  querelispc  fufpiriis  liber  angulus  ejlo , 
Lapitharum  more , feyphis pugnare , vitrea  col- 
lidere 7 

Fenejlras  ex  cut  ere , fupelleSlilem  dilacerare  ne 
fas  ejlo, 

%ui 


Dramatic!?  Poets.  285 

®«i  for  as  difla  vel faSla  ehminet,  elimmatur  \ 
Neminem  reum  poculajaciunto. 

Focus  perennis  ejio. 

As  to  his  Poetry,  I dare  not  pretend  to  give 
a Judgment  on  it,  it  deferving  fomewhat  above 
what  my  faint  Praife  can  reach,  or  defcribe : 
therefore  thofe  who  would  be  better  fatisfy’d 
mull:  have  recourfe  to  his  Char  after  drawn  by 
Dr.  Fuller , and  Mr.  Anthony  JV lod in  Profe,a,nd 
by  Mr.  Carthvoright , and  the  late  Mr.  Oldham  in 
Verfe ; to  the  foregoing,  I might  add  Mr.  “Dry- 
deris  ^Dramatic  fEfJay,  which  had  it  been  writ 
after  his  Poftfcript  to  Granada , might  have  ato- 
n’d for  that  unbecoming  Character,  and  had 
ferv’d  for  a Palinode ; but  fince  he  has  not  that 
X know  of  thought  fit  to  retraft  it,  give  me 
leave  toinfert  an  old  Copy  of  Verfes,  which 
feems  to  wipe  off  the  Accusations  of  Mr.  John- 
fon’s  Enemies  (*). 

Ad  Benjaminum  Johnfonum.  ■yi." 

In  jus  te  voco , Jonfoni  venito : 

Adfum , qui  plagii  jy  mala  rapina 
Te  ad  Thcebi  per  ogam  reum  tribunal , 

Ajjidente  choro  NovemDearum. 

Quadam  Drama,ta  fi d licet  diferta , 

Nuper  qua  Elyfii  rofeti  in  umbrf 
FafliviJJimus  omnium  Toeta , 

Plautus  compofuit , tandem 

SteUato  exhibuit  poli  in  Theatroy  1 

dMovendo  fuperis  leves  cachinnos , 

Et  rifos  tetrico  Jovi  ciendo , 

. Axe  plaufibus  intonante  utroque  ; 

i*/  eacs-geotndt  Attanisrum,  Lw.  z« 

' Hac 


286  An  Account  of  the 

Hiec  tu  Dramata fcilicet  dijertay 
Clepfijli fuperis  negotiofis , 

Qua  tu  nunc  tm  venditare  pergis  : 

In  jus  te  vocoy  Jonfoni  vemto. 

En pro  te  later  ?pfey  Rexq\  Phoebus 
AJfurgit  modoy  Jonfoni,  palamque 
Teftatur,  tm ferio  fuijfe 
IUa  Dramata , teq;  condidijfe 
Sefe  non  mod'o  confcio , at.juvante: 

Unde  ergo  ribi  Plautus  itta  tandem 
Nalius  ex  bibutty  Jovi  Deifque  ? 

Maiae  Filiusy  <jy  Nepos  Atlantis, 

Tennatus  celeres  Tedesy  at  ungues 
ViJ'catuSy  volucer  puery  vaferquey 
Fur  to  condere  quidlibct  jocofoy 
Ut  quondam  fact  bus fuis  Aniorem 
Ter  ludos  videavity  & Tbaretra , 

Sic  nuper  { fiquidem  folet.frequenter 
Tecum  luderey  plauderey  tjy jocari ) 

Uegle&as  tibi  ilepfit  has  papyrus 
Secumque  ad  Superos  abirejujjit: 

Jam  viStus  taceo  pudorey  vincis 
TbceboJudicey  Jonfoni,  Tatrono. 

1 might  here  appolitely  enough  bring  in  a 
pleafant  Story  or  two  of  Ben.  Johnfons1  as  In- 
ftances  of  his  Debonaire  Humor  and  Readinels 
at  Repartee,  did  I not  fear  to  be  condemn’d  by 
Mr.  Dryden , and  reckon’d  by  him  and  his  Ad- 
mirers, in  the  number  of  thofe  grave  Gentle- 
men, whofe  Memory  (he  fays  (f)  ) is  the  only 
Plea  for  their  being  Wits:  for  this  reafon  I 
fhall  forbear,  and  haften  to  give  an  Account  of 
his  Works. 


( ()  Pofticripc  to  Guo. uidut 


He 


Dramatick  Poets.  287 

He  has  writ  above  fifty  leveral  Pieces, which 
We  may  rank  under  the  Species  of  Dramatick 
Poetry ; of  which  we  lhall  give  an  Account  in 
Order,  beginning  with  one  of  his  beft  Come- 
dies, viz. 

Alchymift , a Comedy, adted  in  the  Year  1610. 
by  the  Kings  M'ajeffcies  Servants,  with  the  Al- 
lowance of  the  Mailer  of  the  Revels  ; printed 
fol.  Lond.  1640. and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  moll 
delerving  her  Name  and  Blood,  the  Lady  Mary 
fVroth,\  the  Author  of  the  Urania ].  Mt.Tryden 
fuppofes  this  Play  was  copy’d  from  the  Comedy 
of  Albumazer , as  far  as  concerns  the  Alchymijlfc 
Ghara6ter,  as  the  Reader  may  obferve  from  the 
following  Lines,  (being  part  of  his  Prologue, 
to  Albumazer  reviv’d  ;•) 

Subtle  was  got  by  our  Albu mazer, 

That  Alchymill  by  this  Allrologer  ; 

Here  he  was  fajhiorid \ and  we  may  fuppofe 

He  lik'd  the  Fafhion  well, who  wore  the  Cloaths. 

Whether  this  Accufation  be  true,  I pretend 
not  to  determine  ; but  fure  I am,  that  this  lafi; 
Couplet  is  borrow’d  from  Mr.  Ttyden’s  cDra~ 
matick  EJfay ; ■(«)  where  he  fays  of  Mr.  John- 
fon  thus ; Tou  will  pardon  me  therefore  if  I pre* 
fume  he  lov'd  the  Fafhion,  when  he  wore  their 
Cloaths. 

Bartholomew  Fair,  a Comedy,  a£led  at  the 
Hope  on  the  B ankfide  fJEi . 3 1.  in  the  Year  1614. 
by  the  Lady  Elizabeth' % Servants,  and  then  de- 
dicated to  King  James  the  Firll,  and  printed 
fol.  Lond.  1640.  This  Play  has  frequently 

( g ) 


288  A#  Account  of  the 

appear’d  on  the  Stage,  lince  the  Reftauration, 
■with  great  applaufe. 

Cataline  his  Con] piracy,  a Tragedy  firfl  a£led 
in  the  Year  1611.  by  the  Kings  Ma  jellies  Ser- 
vants, with  Allowance  from  the  Mailer  of  the 
Revels  ; printed  fol.  Lond.  1 640.  and  dedicated 
to  the  great  Example  of  Honour  and  Virtue, 
the  moll  Noble  JViUiam  Earl  of  Pembroke. 
This  Play  is  Hill  in  Vogue  on  the  'Stage*  and 
always  prefented  with  fuccefs.  It  was  fo  well 
approv’d  of  by  the  Judicious  Beaumont , that  he 
writ  a Copy  of  Verl'es  in  praife  of  it,  which  the 
Reader  may  find  before  our  Authors  Works. 
Neverthelefs  I mull  take  notice  that  yix.John- 
fon  has  borrow’d  very  much  from  the  An- 
cients in  this  Tragedy ; as  for  Inllance,  part  of 
Sylla’s  Gholl,  in  the  very  Entrance  of  the  Play, 
is  copy’d  from  the  Gholl  of  Tantalus , in  the 
beginning  of  Seneca’s  Thye/les.  Thus  our  Au- 
thor has  tranllated  a great  part  of  Salujl’s  Hi- 
llory,  (tho’  with  great  Judgment  and  Elegance) 
and  inferted  it  into  his  Play.  For  the  Plot,  . 
fee  Salujl.  Plutarch  in  the  Life  of  Cicero.  Florus 
Lib.  4.  C.  1. 

Challenge  at  Tilt , at  a Marriage,  a Mafque 
printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640. 

Chriftmajs  his  Mafque,  prefented  at  Court 
iyi 6.  printed  Fol  Lond.  1640. 

Cloridia , or  Rites  to  Cloris , and  her  Nymphs 
perfonated  in  a Mafque  at  Court,  by  the  Queens 
Majelly  and  her  Ladies  at  Shrove -tide,  163c. 
printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640.  The  Inventors  of 
this  Mafque  were  Mr.  Johnfon , and  Mr.  Inigo 


DVAmatick  Poets.  289 


Cynthia  s Revels , or  The  Fountain  of  Self-love , 
a Comical  Satyr,  firll  acted  in  the  Year  1600. 
by  the  then  Children  of  Queen  Elizabeth' % 
Chappel,  with  the  Allowance  of  the  Mailer  of 
the  Revels,  printed  Folio,  Lond.  1(540.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Special  Fountain  of  Manners, 
The  Court. 

Devil  is  an  Afs , a Comedy  acted  in  the  Year 
1616.  by  his  Majellies  Servants,  and  printed 
Fol.  Lond.  1641.  Tho’  our  Author  leldome 
borrows  any  part  of  liis  Plot ; yet  in  this  Play, 
if  I miltake  not,  JVittipol’ s giving  his  Cloak 
to  Fitz-dotterel  to  court  his  Wife  one  quarter 
of  an  Hour,  is  founded  on  a Novel  in  Boccace , 
Day  3.  Nov.  y. 

Entertainment  of  King  James,  in pajfmg  to  his 
Coronation , printed  in  Fol.  Lond.  1640.  This 
Entertainment  was  mention’d,  I fuppofe  by  the 
Compilers  of  former  Catalogues,  becaule  it  con- 
fills  of  Speeches  of  Gratulation  (as  the  Author 
fliles  them)  which  wereTpoke  to  his  Majefly 
at  Fen-Churchy  Temple-Bit) , and  the  Strand: 
and  therefore  belides  the  prefidents  of  farmed 
Catalogues,  which  might  in  part  jullify  me,  I 
might  be  blam’d  Ihould  I omit  it.  The  Author 
has  plac’d  a Comment  throughout  to  illuflrate 
and  authorife  his  Contrivance. 

Entertainment  in  private  of  the  King  and 
Queen  on  May-day  in  the  Morning,  at  Sir  JVil - 
liam  Cornwallis's  Houfe  at  High-gate,  1 604. pri  n- 
ted  Fol.  Lond.  1(540. 

Entertainment  of  King  James  and  Queen 
Anne  ax  Theobalds,  when  the  Houfe  was  de- 
'■'Mtr’d  up,  with  the  pofleffion,  to  the  Queen, 


T 


bv 


2 go  An  Account  of  the 

by  the  Earl  of  Salisbury , May  22.  1607.  The 
Prince  of  Janvile,  Brother  to  the  Duke  of  Guije, 
being  thenprefent,  printed  Fol .Land.  1640. 

Entertainment  in  particular  of  the  Queen 
and  Prince,  their  Highnefles,  at  Althropey  at 
the  Lord  Spencer  s,  on  Saturday  being  the 
Twenty-fifth  of  June  1603.  as  they  came  firft 
into  the  Kingdome,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  x 64.0. 

Entertainment  of  the  Two  Kings  of  Great 
Brittain^  and  ‘Denmark^  at  Theobalds  y July  3.4.' 11 
1606.  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640.  This  Enterr 
tainment  is  very  fhort,  and  confifts  chiefly  of 
Epigrams. 

Every  Man  in  his  Humour , a Comedy  ailed 
in  the  Year  1 598.  by  the  then  Lord  Chamber - 
laid s Servants,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Moft  Learned,  and  his  Ho- 
nour’d F riend  Mr.  Cambden,  Clarencieux.  This 
Play  has  been  reviv’d  fince  the  Civil  Wars, 
and  was  receiv’d  with  general  Applaufe.There 
is  a new  Epilogue  writ  for  this  Play,  the  latter 
part  of  which  is  fpoken  by  Ben  Johnf on’s  Ghofl. 
The  Reader  may  nnd  it  in  a Colieilion  of  Poems- 
on  feveral  Occafions,  printed  8®.  Lond.  1673. 
See  pag.  29. 

Every  dMan  out  of  his  Humour , a Comical 
Satyr ; firfl  ailed  in  the  Year  15-99.  by  the  then 
Lord  Chamberlains  Servants ; with  allowance 
of  the  Mafter  of  the  Revels  : printed  Fol  .Lond. 
1640.  and  dedicated  to  the  Noblefl:  Nurferies; 
of  Humanity,  and  Liberty  in  the  Kingdome, 
The  Inns  of  Court.  This  Play  was  reviv’d  at 
the  Theatre- Royal,  in  the  Year  i&jy.at  which 
time  a new  Prologue, and  Epilogue  were  fpoken 


Dramatick  Poets.  291 

by  Jo.  Hey  ns,  which  were  writ  by  Mr.  'Dujfet. 
See  his  Poems  8°.  pag.  72.  &c.  This  is  account- 
ed an  excellent  Old  Comedy. 

Fortunate  IJles,  and  their  Union  celebrated 
in  a Mafque  defign’d  for  the  Court,  on  the 
Twelfth-Night , 1625.  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1641. 

Golden  Age  rejlor’d ’ in  a Mafque  at  Court,' 
161  S'-  by  the  Lords  and  Gentlemen  the  King’s 
Servants,  and  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1641 . 

Hymen<ei,  or  The  Solemnities  of  a Mafque  and 
Barriers  at  a Marriage ; printed  Fol.  Lond.  1 64c. 
To  this  Mafque  are  annext,  by  the  Author, 
Learned  Notes  in  the  Margin  for  illuftration 
of  the  Ancient  Greek , and  Roman  Cuftoms. 

Irifh  Mafque  at  Court , by  Gentlemen  the 
King’s  Servants  ; printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640. 

King  s Entertainment  at  Welbeck  in  Notting- 
hamshire, a Houfe  of  the  Right  Honourable 
William  Earl  of  Nevocaftle,  at  his  going  into 
Scotland , 1633.  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640. 

Love  free  d.  from  Ignorance  and  Folly,. a Mafque 
of  her  Ma  jellies,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1640. 

Love  Rejltrd,  in  a Mafque  at  Court,  by 
Gentlemen  the  King’s  Servants,  printed  Fol. 
Lond.  164.0. 

Love’s  Triumph  thro’  Callipolis  ; perform’d  ia 
a Mafque  at  Court,  1630.  by  his  Majelly  King 
Charles  the  Firll,  with  the  Lords  and  Gentle- 
men Affifting : the  Inventors  being  Mr.  John- 
fon, and  Mx.InigoJones : printed  Fol.Lond.  164  r. 

Love’s  W elcome  ; the  King  and  Queen’s  En- 
tertainment at  Bolfover,  at  the  Earl  of  New- 
eajile’s;  the  30th  of  July,  1634.  and  printed 
Fol.  Lond.  1(541, 

T 2 Nag. 


292  An  Account  of  the 

Magnetic k Lady , or  Humours  Reconcil'd. , a 
Comedy  aided  at  tile  B lack-fry ars , and  printed 
Fol.  LoneLsrS^o.  This  Play  is  generally  e- 
lleem’d  an  Excellent  Play : tho’  in  thole  days 
it  found  fonie  Enemies ; amongll  which  Dr. 
Gill  Mailer  oi  Pauls  School,  or  at  lead  his  Son, 
writ  a Satyr  againll  it : part  of  which  (the 
whole  being  too  long)  I fhall  take  the  pains  to 
tranfcribe. 

But  to  advife  thee  Ben,  in  this fir  if  Age, 

A Brief  kill's  better  for  thee  than  a Stage. 
Thou  better  know' ft  a Groundfil for  to  lay, 

Then  lay  the  Plot  or  Ground-work  of  a Play , 
And  bet  ter  can  ft  dire  £1  to  Cap  a Chimney] 
Then  to  corner fe  with  Clio,  or  Polyhimny. 

Fall  then  to  work-in  thy  old  Age  agen, 

Take  up  thy  Trug  and  Trowel , gentle  Ben, 

Let  Plays  alone : or  if  thou  needs  will  write. 
And  tbrufl  thy  feeble  Mufe  into  the  light ; 

Let  Lowen  ceqfe , and  Taylor f corn  to  touch 
The  loathed  St  age,  for  thou  haft  made  it fuch. 

But  to  (hew  how  fiercely  Ben  could  repartee 
on  any  one  that  had  abus’d  him,  I will  prelent; 
the  Reader  with  his  anfwer. 

Shall  the  profperity  of  a Pardon  fill 
Secure  thy  railing  Rhymes,  infamous  Gill, 

At  libelling  ? Shall  no  Star-Chamber  Peers, 
Pillory , nor  IV hip,  nor  want  of  Ears, 

All  which  thou  hafl  incurrd  defer ve dly  : 

Nor  Degradation  from  the  Minifry, 

To  be  the  Denis  of  thy  Fathers  School, 

Keep  in  thy  bawling  JVit,  thou  bawling  Fool. 
v Think - 


Dramatic k Poets.  293 

Thinking  to Jlir  me , thou  haft  lojl  thy  End \ 

I'll  laugh  at  thee  poor  wretched  Tike,  go  fend 
7 hy  blot  ant  Mufe  abroad and  teach  it  rather 
A Tune  to  drown  the  Ballads  of  thy  Father  : 
For  thou  haft  nought  to  cure  his  Fame, 

But  Tune  and  Noife  the  Eccho  of  his  Shame, 
A Rogue  by  Statute , cenfurd  to  be  whipt, 
Cropt, branded, flit, neck-fiockti  go, you  are ftript . 

GMafque  at  the  Lord  Vifcount  Hadington' $ 
Marriage  at  Court,  on  Shrove-Tuefday  at  Night 
1608.  and  printed  fol .Lond.  1640. 

Mafque  of  Augurs,  with  feveralAntimafques, 
prefented  on  Twelfth-night  1 6zz.  printed  fol. 
Lond.  1640. 

c SMaJ'qjie  of  Owls  at  Kenelworth,  prefented  by 
the  Gholt  of  Captain  Coxe,  mounted  on  his 
Hobby-horfe,  x6z6.  printed  fol.  Lond.  1640. 

'JMafque  of  Sheens,  celebrated  from  the 
Houle  of  Fame,  by  the  Queen  of  Great  Britain 
with  her  Ladies,  at  JVhitehall,  Febr.  2.  1609, 
This  Mafque  is  adorned  with  learned  Notes, 
for  the  Explanation  of  the  Author  s Delign. 
He  was  aflilted  in  the  Invention  and  Archite- 
cture of  the  Scenes  throughout,  by  Mr.  Inigo 
Jones. 

Mafque  prefented  in  the  Houfe  of  the  Right 
Honourable  the  Lord  Haye,  by  divers  of  Noble 
Quality  his  Friends  ; for  the  Entertainment 
of  Monfieur  Le  Baron  de  Tour,  Extraordinary 
Ambaflador  for  the  French  King ; on  Saturday 
the  22.  of  Febr.  1617.  printed  fol.  Lond.  1617. 

GMetamorphos'd Gypjies,  a Mafque  thrice  pre- 
fented to  King  fames:  firfl  at  Burleigh  on  the 
T 3 Hill; 


294  -dccount  of  the 

Hill ; next  at  Belvoyr  ; and  laftly  at  Wind)  or , 
in  Augu/l  1621.  printed  fol.  Lond.i6yi. 

dMercury  Vindicated  from  the  Alchymifls  at 
Court,  by  Gentlemen  the  King’s  Servants, 
printed  fol.  Lond.  1640. 

^Mortimer’s  Fall,  a Tragedy,  or  rather  a 
Fragment,  it  being  juft  begun,  and  left  imper- 
fect by  his  Death : tho’  the  Reader  may  fee  the 
Model  of  each  ACt,  by  the  Argument  publifht 
before  it,  printed  fol.  Lond.  1640. 

Neptune’j  Triumph  for  the  Return  of  Albion, 
celebrated  in  a Mafque  at  Court, on  theTwelfth - 
Night  1644.  printed  fol.  Lond.  1641. 

Neves  from  the  New  World  difeovered  in  the 
Moon , a Mafque  prefented  at  Court  before  King 
fames  1620.  and  printed  fol.  Lond.  1641. 

O heron,  the  Fairy  Trine  e , a Mafque  of  Prince 
Henries , printed  fol.  Lond.  1540.  On  this  Play 
the  Author  has  writ  Annotations. 

Pans-  Anniverfary,  ox  The  Shepherd's  Holy - 
day  ; a Mafque  prefented  at  Court  before  King 
fames  1 6 ay.  and  printed  fol.  Lond.  1641.  In 
the  Decorations  our  Author  was  affifted  by  the 
above- mention’d  Mx.  Jones. 

Tleafure  reconcil'd  to  Virtue , a Mafque  pre- 
lented  at  Court  before  King  f ames , 1619.  to 
which  were  made  fome  Additions  for  the  Ho- 
nour of  Wales.  This  in  former  Catalogues 
was  mention’d  as  a Mafque  diflinCl  from  the 
other. 

Toetafter , or  His  Arraignment,  a Comical 
Satyr,  firfl  a&ed  in  the  Year  1601.  by  the  then, 
Children  of  his  Majeflies  Chappel,  with  the 
Allowance  of  the  Mailer  of  the  Revels;  printed, 

fol. 


Drumstick  Poets.  295 

fol.  Lond.  164,0.  and  dedicated  to  the  Vertuous 
and  his  Worthy  Friend,  Mr.  Richard  Martin. 
I have  already  fpokcn  of  this  Play  ill  the  Ac- 
count of  Decker's  Satyr  omafiix  ; and  I mull  fur- 
ther add, I heartily  wifh  for  our  Author’s  Repu- 
tation,that  he  had  not  been  the  Agreflor  in  this 
Quarrel  \ but  being  altogether  ignorant  of  the 
Provocations  given  him,  I mult  fufpend  my 
Judgment,  and  leave  it  to  better  Judges  to  de- 
termine the  Controverfy.  Our  Author  has  ad- 
orn’d this  Play  with  feVeral  Tranflations  from 
the  Ancients , as  Ovid.  Amor.  lib.  1.  Eleg.  ijr, 
Horatii  Sat.  lib.  r.  Sat.  9.  lib.  2.  Sat.  1 . Virgilii 
-^Eneid.  lib/4.  Wlt^  others. 

Queen’s  MaJ'ques  ; the  fir  11;  of  Blacknefs , per- 
fonated  at  the  Court  at  Whitehall , on  the 
Twelfth-Night  160$.  the  fecond  of  Beauty , was 
p re  fen  ted  in  the  fame  Court  at  Whitehall , on 
the  Sunday  Night  after  the  Twelfth-Night  1608. 
printed  fol.  Lond.  1 640. 

Sad  Shepherd. \ or  A Tale  of  Robin  Hood ; 
a Pafloral,  printed  fol.  Lond.  1641.  This  Play 
is  left  imperfect,  there  being  but  two  A&s,  and 
pair  of  the  third  finifht. 

Sej anus’s  Fall, a.  Tragedy, firfl  a<5led  in  the  Year 
1603.  by  the  Kings  Majefties  Servants, with  the 
Allowance  of  the  Mafter  of  the  Revells,  printed 
fol.  Lond.  1640.  and  dedicated  to  the  No  lefs 
Noble  by  Virtue  than  Blood,  Efme  Lord  Au- 
higny.  This  Play  is  generally  commended  by 
all  Lovers  of  Poetry ; and  ufher’d  into  the 
World  by  nine  Copys  of  Verfes,  one  of  which 
was  writ  by  Mr.  George  Chapman.  ’Tis  found- 
ed on  Hiftory ; and  the  Author  in  a former  E- 
T 4 dition, 


296  An  Aaount  of  the 

dition , publifhed  40.  Lond.  160?.  Jus  printed 
Quotations  throughout ; the  Reafons  where- 
of take  in  his  own  Words,  ( being  part  of  the 
Preface  to  that  Edition)  (h)  ‘The  next  is,  leaft 
‘in  fome  nice  Noftrils,  the  Quotations  might 
‘favour  affected,  I do  let  you  know,  That  I ab- 
‘ hor  nothing  more ; and  have  only  done  it  to 
‘ fhew  my  Integrity  in  the  Story,  and  fave  my 
* lelf  in  thole  common  Torturers,  that  bring 
‘ all  W it  to  the  Rack  : whofe  Notes  are  ever 
‘ like  Swine,  fpoiling  and  rooting  up  the  Mufes 
‘Gardens ; and  their  whole  Bodies  like  Moles, 
‘as  blindly  working  under  Earth,  to  call  any, 
‘ the  leaft  hills,  upon  Vertue.  For.  the  Story, 
the  Reader  may  confult  Tacitus’s  Annals , lib. 3, 
4,y.  Suetonius  in  the  Life  of  Tiberius.  ‘Dion.  &c. 

Silent  fVoman , a Comedy  firlfc  a died  in  the 
Year  1609,  by  the  Children  of  her  Majefties 
Revels,  with  the  Allowance  of  the  Mailer  of 
the  Revels;  printed  fol.  Lond.  164.0.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  truly  Noble,  by  all  Titles, Sir  Fran- 
cis Stuart.  Part  of  this  Play  is  borrow’d  from 
the  Ancients, as  Adi  1.  Sc.  i.part  from  Ovid de 
Arte  Atnandi.  Adi  a Sc.  a.  part  from  Juvenal. 
Sat.  6.  Adi  a.  Sc.  y.  part  from  Plautus's  Aulula- 
ria  Adi  3 . Sc.  y . with  other  pallages.  Notwith- 
flanding  which,  this  Play  is  Accounted  hy  all. 
One  of  the  bell  Comedies  we  have  extant  ; and 
thofe  who  would  know  more,  may  be  amply 
fatisfied  by  the  perufal  of  the  judicious  Exa- 
njen  of  this  Play  made  by  Mr.  Drydyn  {').. 

Speeches  at  Prince  Henry 's  Barrier s,  printed 
fol.  Lond.  1 640.  Thele  Speeches  being  printed 

CO  Frtfate.  ( i j DramaUck  E/Jay,  p.  50. 

among!!; 


Dramatick  Poets . 297 

amongft  his  other  Mafques,  and  always  reckon- 
ed under  that  Species  of  Poetry,  by  others,  in 
former  Catalogues,  I could  not  omit  their  Men- 
tion in  this  place. 

Staple  of  News,  a Comedy  acted  in  the  Year 
162?-  by  his  Majeflies  Servants,  and  printed 
fol.  Lond.  1 63 1.  The  Author  introduces  four 
Gollips  on  the  Stage,  who  continue  during  the 
A6lion,and  criticile  on  the  Play.  This  was  pra- 
ilifed  more  than  once ; witnefs,  Everyman  out 
of  his  Humor , and  FMagnetick  Lady  : and  herein 
he  was  follow’d  by  Fletcher , (as  I have  al- 
ready obferv’d  (k))  in  His  Knight  of  the  Burn- 
ing-pejile. 

Tale  of  a Tub , a Comedy,  printed  fol.  Lond. 
1 640. 

Time  vindicated  to  hhnfelf  and  to  his  Ho- 
nours; a Malque,prefented  at  Court  on  Twelfth- 
Night  1621.  and  printed  fol.  Lond.  1.641. 

Fifion  of  Delight , a Mafque  prefented  at 
Court,  in  Chriftmas  1617.  and  printed  fol  .Lond. 
154.1. 

Fulpone , or  The  Fox,  a Comedy  \ firfl  ailed 
in  the  Year  i6cy-  by,  the  Kings  Majeflies  Ser- 
vants, with  the  Allowance  of  the  Mailer  of  the 
Revells ; printed  fol.  Z0W.164O.  and  dedicated 
to  both  Univerfities  in  the  following  form : 

4 To  the  mofl  Noble  and  mofl  Equal  Sifters,  the 
4 two  Fatuous  Univerfities ; for  their  Love  and 
4 Acceptance  fhewn  to  his  Poem  in  the  Prefen- 
4tation,  Ben.  Johnfon  the  grateful  Acknow- 
4 ledger,  dedicates  both  it  and  himfelf.  This 
Pipy  is  writ  in  Imitation  of  the  Comedy  of  the 

£kj  See  p^g.  2. jo. 


29S  An  Account  of  the 

Ancients,  and  the  Argument  is  form’d  into  an 
Acrojlich , like  thofe  of  Tlautus,  which  are  faid 
to  be  writ  by  Trifcian , or  fome  other  Eminent 
Grammarian.  It  is  Hill  in  vogue  at  the  The- 
atre in  Dorfet-Garden , and  its  value  is  fuffici- 
ently  manifelled  by  the  Verfes  of  Mr.  Beau- 
wont,  and  Dr.  “Donne . 

All  thefe  Plays  with  leveral  other  Poems  and 
Tranflations,  and  an  Englijh  Grammar,  are 
printed  together  in  two  Volumes  in  Folio. 

He  has  three  other  Plays,  which  are  omit- 
ted in  there  Volumes,  tho’  for  what  reafon,  I 
know  not ; two  of  which  are  printed  in  40,  and 
the  third  in  8°.  of  which  we  are  now  to  fpeak. 

Cafe  is  (flterdy  a pleafant  Comedy,  fundry 
times  ailed  by  the  Children  of  the  Black  fry- 
drsy  and  printed  4°.  Lend.  1 609.  In  this  Comedy 
our  Author  hath  very  much  made  ufe  of  Tlau- 
tusy  as  the  Learned  Reader  may  obferve  by 
comparing  His  Aultilana}  and  Capteiveiy  with 
this  Comedy: 

IVidoi&y  a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Private  Houle 
in  Blacffryars  with  great  applaufe,  by  his  late 
Ma  jellies  Servants,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  i6yi. 
This  Play  was  writ  By  Mx.JohnfonyM.x.  Fletcher y 
and  Mr. Middle  ton  ,and  firft  publilht  by  Nix.  Alex- 
ander Gough,  a great  lover  of  Plays,  who  helpt 
Mr.  Mbfely  the  Bookleller  to  this,  and  leverai 
other  Dramatick  Manufcripts,  as  the  TaJJionate 
Dovers.  2,  parts ; The  Queen,  or  The  Excellency- 
of  her  Sex,  fee.  It  was  reviv’d  not  many  Years 
ago,  at  the  King’s1  Houfe,  with  a new  Prologue 
and  Epilogue,  which  the  Reader  may  find  in 
London  Drollery , p.  1 1,  12. 

New- 


Dramatick  Poets.  299 

New-Inn,  or  The  Light  Heart , a Comedy 
never  aCted, but  moft  negligently  play’d  by  fome 
the  Kings  Servants ; and  more  fqueamilhly  be- 
held, and  cenfured  by  others,  the  Kings  Sub- 
jects 1 629.  Now  at  lalt  let  at  liberty  to  the  Rea- 
ders, his  Majefties  Servants  and  Subje&s,  to  be 
judg’d;  printed  8 °.Lond.  1631. 

The  Reader  may  lee  by  this  Title-page,  that 
the  Play  fuceeeded  not  anfwerable  to  our  Au- 
thor’s Expectation,  and  the  juft  Merit  ( as  he 
thought)  of  his  Play : which,  may  be  conjectu- 
red, from  the  Ode  which  he  publifhr  at  the 
End  of  this  play ; which  as  being  pertinent  t® 
ourpiirpofe,  I thall  tranfcribe  at  large. 

The  juft  Indignation,  the  Author,  took  at  the 
Hi 'dgar  Cenfure  of  his  Play,  begat  this  following 
Ode  to  himfelf. 

(fome , leave  the  loathed  Stage., 

And  the  more  loathfome  Age::  , 

JVhere  Bride  and  Impudence  (in  fajhion  knit) 
Ufurp  the  Chair  of  Wit  l 
Inditing  and  arraigning  every,  day 

Something  they  call  a Tlay. 

Let  their  fajlidious , vaine 
CommiJJion  of  the  Braine 
Itun  on , and  rage yfw  eat,  cenfure , and  condemn: 
They  were  not  made  for  thee  ylefs thou for  them . 

Say  that  thou  pour  ft  them  IVheat, 

And  they  will  Acorns  eat : 

Twerefmple furyyJlilly  thy  [elf  to  Wajle 
On  fuch  as  have  no  tafle  ! 

To  offer  them  a furfet  of  pure  bread y 
fThofe  appetites  are  dead! 

No, 


3 oo  An  Account  of  the 

No,  give  them  Graines  their  fill , 

Husks,  ‘Draff,  to  drink,  andfwill. 

Jf  they  love  Lees , and  leave  the  lufiy  Wine, 
Envy  them  not  their  palate,  with  the  Swine. 

No  doubt  fame  mouldy  Tale, 

Like  Pericles  (*) ; and 'ft ale 
As  the  Shrieyes  Crufts,  and  nafly  as  his  Fifh — 
Jcrd'ps,  out  of  every  Dijh, 

Throisod forth, and rak't  into  the  Common-tub, 
dMay  keep  up  the  Play-Club  ; 

There,  Sweepings  da  as  well 
As  the  befit  order'd  Me  ale. 
for,  who  the  Relifh  of  thefie  Guefits  will  fit. 
Needs fet  them,  but  The  Almes-basket  of  Wit, 

And  much  good  do' t you  then  : 

Brave  Plufh,  and  Velvet  Men  ; 

Can feed  on  Orts:  And fafe  in  your  St  age -clothes. 
Date  Quit  upon  your  Oathes, 
TheStager‘s,<jy  theStage-wnghts  too(yourTeers) 
( v Of  larding  your  large  Ears 

With  their  foul  Comic  k_Soc  ks  ; 

Wrought  upon  twenty  Blocks : 

Which, if  they're  torngyturri  dfypatcht  enough. 
The  Gamefters Jhar e your  guilt, fey  ou  their fluffs 

Leave  things  j’o projiitute. 

And  take  the  Alcseick  Lute  ; 

Or  thine  own  Horace,  or  Anacreon’j  Lyre  ; 

Warm  thee  by  PindarV fire  : 

And  tho'  thy  Nerves  be fiorunk, and  Blood  be  cold. 
Ere  Tears  have  made  thee  old ; 

Strike  that  difdainful  Heat, 

Throughout,  to  their  defeat : 

Ti~M  PUy  mil  by  SIiak.(fur, 


As 


DramAtick  Poets*  £01 

As  curious  Fools , and  envious  of  thy  Strain , 
May , bhifhingfwear  no  Palfy  ’s  in  thy  Brain. 

But  when  they  hear  theefing 
The  Glories  of  thy  King, 

Ills  zeal  to  God,  and  his  juft  awe  o' re  Men  ; 

They  may  blood  fhaken  then , 

Feel  fuel)  a Fie  ft- quake  to  pojfefs  their  powers ; 

As  they  {hall  cry  like  ours 
In  found  o f Peace , or  Wars, 

No  Harp  ere  hit  the  Stars , 

In  tuning  forth  the  Alls  of  his fweet  raign : 
Andraifmg  Charles  his  Chariot  ’bove  his  Wain, 

This  Ode  fufficiently  (hews  what  a high  O- 
pinion  ourAuthor  has  of  his  own  Perform, 
ances;  and  like  Ariftotle  in  Thilofophy , and 
Peter  Lombard,  ( The  Mailer  of  the  Senten- 
ces  ) in  School-Divinity ; our  Ben.  lookt  upon 
hinifelf  as  the  only  Mailer  of  Poetry ; and 
thought  it  the  Duty  of  the  Age,  rather  to 
fubmit  to,  thandilpute,  much  lefs  oppofe  his 
judgment.  ’Twas  great  pity,  that  he  that  was 
fo  great  a Mailer  in  Poetry , Ihould  not  retain 
that  old  Axiom  in  Morality , Nofce  Teipfum:  a 
Sentence  lb  highly  admir’d  by  Juvenal (“),  that 
he  feems  to  think  it  above  the  Conception  of 
Chilon , laying, 

— — e ccelo  defeendit , ypSsn  <n<u/Jiv, 

Figendum. , <&  memori  traSlandum  petlore. 

He  had  then  prevented  that  {harp  Reply  made 
by  the  Ingenious  Mr.  Feltham , to  this  Magille- 
rial  Ode  ; and  which  could  not  cnule  but  vex 


im)  satyr,  h. 


3 02  -dn  Account  of  the 

x Perfon  of  our  Author’s  Haughty  Temper : 
but  he  was  a Man,  and  fubjeft  to  Infirmities, 
as  well  as  others ; tho’  abating  for  his  too  much 
abounding  in  his  own  Sence,  ( an  Epidemical 
Diflemper  belonging  to  the  Fraternity  of  Tar- 
naJJ'us)  he  had  not  his  Equal  in  his  Time  for 
Poetry. 

Having  prefented  the  Reader  with  Mr.  John- 
fon’s  Ode,  it  may  not  be  improper  for  me  per- 
haps to  transcribe,  nor  unplealant  to  him,  to 
perufe  Mr.  Fehham' s Anfwer. 

An  Anfwer  to  the  Ode , Come  leave  the 
loathed  Stage,  &c. 

Come  leave  this  fawcy  way 
Of  baiting  thofe  that  pay 
Dear  for  the  fight  of  your  declining  Wit : 

’ Tis  known  it  is  not fit , 

That  a Sale  Poet,  jufi  contempt  once  thrown , 
Should  cry  up  thus  his  own , 

I wonder  by  what  Dower , 

Or  Patent,  you  had  power 
From  all  to  rape  a judgment.  Let't Jujfice , 

Had  you  been  modefi,yad  been  granted  wife , 

’ Tis  known  you  can  do  well. 

And  that  you  do  excell. 

As  a Tranfiator : But  when  things  require 
A Genius,  and  Fire , 

Not  kindled  heretofore  by  others  pains  ; 

As  ofty  ave  wanted  Brains 
And  Art  to fir  ike  the  White, 

As  you  heme  levell'd  right : 

Tet  if  Men  vouch  not  things  Apochryphal \ 

Tou  bellow,  rave , andfpatter  roundyour  Gall 

J«§j 


Dramatick  Poets.  go g 

Jug,  Pierce,  Peek,  Fly  ("),  and  all 
Tour  J efts  Jo  nominal 
Are  things Jo  far  beneath  an  able  Brain, 

As  they  do  throve  a Stain 
Thro ’ all  th ' unlikely  Plot,  and  do  difpleafe 
As  deep  as  Pericles. 
iVhereyet  there  is  not  laid 
Before  a Chamber-maid  [ old 

Difcourje fo  weigh'd  (°)  as  might  have fervd  of 
For  Schools, when  they  <f  Love  and  Valour  tolf 

Why  Rage  then  ? when  the  Show 
Should  Judgment  be  and  Know — (p) 
ledge , there  are  in  Plufh  who  J corn  to  drudge 
For  Stages , yet  can  judge 
Not  only  Poets  loofer  Lines , but  Wits, 

And  all  their  Perquiftts. 

A Gift  as  rich , as  high 
Is  Noble  Poefie : 

Yet  thd  in  [port  it  be  for  Kings  a Flay, 

’ Tis  next  Mechanickr,  when  it  works  for  pay, 

Alcaeus  Lute  had none. 

Nor  loofe  Anacreon, 

Ere  taught  fo  bold  affuming  of  the  Bays , 

When  they  defervd  no  praije . 

To  rail  Men  into  Approbation , 

Is  new  to  yours  alone  ; 

And profpers  not : For  kjtow. 

Fame  is  as  coy , as  you 
Can  be  difdainful ; and  who  dares  to  prove 
A rape  on  her,  Jhall gather  Jcorn , net  Love.. 

(njTKc  Names  ofleveral  Dr  tuna  t, Per  fan.  (o)  A<S 

Sc.  s.  Aft  4. Sc. 4.  (p)  This  Break  was  purpofdy  dtiign’d  by  the 
Poet,  to  ape  that  in  Beg’s  third  Stasia, ' 

Leave 


3 04  An  Account  of  the 

Leave  then  this  humour  vain, 

And  this  more  humorous  Strain , 

Where  Self-conceit,  and  C holer  of  the  Blood 
Eclipfe  what  elfe  is  good : 

Then  if  you  pleafe  thofe  Raptures  high  to  touch, 
W hereof  you  hoajt  fo  much  ; 

And  hut forbear  your  Crown, 

Till  the  W nld puts  it  on  : 

No  doubt  from  all  you  may  amazement  draw, 
Since  braver  Theme  no  Phoebus  ever  faw. 

This  Haughty  Humour  of  Mr .Johnfen  was 
Warn’d,  and  carpt  at  by  others,  as  well  as  Mr. 
Felt  ham:  amongft  the  reft,  Six  John  Suckling , 
that  Neat  Facetious  Wit,  arraign’d  him  at  the 
Seflions  of  Poets  (?);  and  had  a fling  at  this  Play 
in  particular : tho’  we  may  fay, compar’d  to  the 
former,  He  did  only  circum  praecordia  ludere ; 
laught  at,  and  railly  his  unreafonable  Self-opi- 
nion ; as  you  may  fee  in  the  following  Lines : 
the  firft  Stanza  of  which  tho’ already  mention’d 
in  the  Account  of  Heywood,  I crave  my  Readers 
leave  to  repeat,  that  he  may  read  our  Author’s 
Character  entire  : 

The  firji  that  broke  (Hence  was  good  Old  Ben, 
"Prepar'd before  with  Canary  Wine  ; [Bays, 

And  he  told  them  plainly  that  he  defervd  the 
Tor  his  were  call'd  Works,  where  others  were 
but  Plays. 

And 

Bid  them  remember  how  he  had purg'd theStage 
Of  Errors  that  had  laft  many  an  Age  : 

(q)  Sucklings  Pottns,  r.  7* 


( l And 


Dr  am  At  ick  Poets.  305 

( r)  And  he  hop'd  they  did  not  think , the  Silent 
Woman, 

The  Vox, and  the  Alchy  mid, outdone  by  no  Man. 

Apollo ft  opt  him  there , and  bid  him  not  go  on , 
’Twas  Merit , he  faid , and  not  Trejumption 
eSMuft  carry  t ; at  which  Ben.  turn'd  about , 
And  in  great  C holler  offer'd  to  go  out  : 

But, 

Thofe  that  were  there , thought  it  not  Jit 
To  dif content  Jo  ancient  a Wit ; 

And  therefore  Apollo  call’d  him  back  agen , 
And  made  him  mine  Hod  of  his  own  New-Inn. 

I know  nothing  elfe  pnblifhed  by  our  Au- 
thor ; only  I have  read  a Letter  (f)  from  Mr. 
James  Howell  to  Dr.  T)uppa , ( then  Bilhop  of 
Chichejier , and  Tutor  to  King  Charles  the  Se- 
cond, when  Prince  of  Wales')  that  he  was  pub- 
lifhing  a Piece  call’d,  John/onus  Verbius\  to 
which  Mr.  Howell  contributed  a T)ecajlich.  I 
know  not  what  Reception  Mr.  Howell' s Vcrfes 
met  with  in  the  World ; but  I am  confident* 
he  had  willingly  allowed  Mr.  Oldhams  Ode 
(had  he  then  liv’d)  a place  in  the  fir/t  Rank  ot 
Poets.  The  Title  fufficiently  explains  the  De- 
fign ; and  the  Reader  may  find  it  commended 
by  an  Ingenious  Copy  of  Verfes  addrefl;  to  the 
Bilhop  by  Sir  W.  Tt'Avenant.  See  his  Poems 
Fol.  Edit.  p.  2^3. 

He  died  An.  2).  *7.  being  aged  6$.  and  was 

(t)  I undcrftand  not  this  Couplet,  without  the  Expression  be 
taken  after  the  Greek  manner,  where  two  Negatives  make  an  Af- 
firmative; and  then  they  do  vtbimetufas  rx^re.  (f)  Familiar 
Letters,  V >!,  t»Sc4,  LC.  -t. 

U buried 


go 6 An  Account  of  the 

buried  in  St.  ‘Peter's  Church  in  Weflminfter,  on 
the  Weft-fide  near  the  Belfry ; having  only  a 
plain  Stone  over  his  Grave,  with  this  Infcri- 
ption ; . 

O RARE  BEN.  JOHNSON 

’Tis  manifeffc,  that  a better  Monument  was 
defign’d  him,  by  fome  F riends ; but  the  Civil 
Wars  breaking  out,  hindred  their  good  Inten- 
tions : tho’  it  fhall  not  prevent  me  from  tran- 
fcribing  an  Elegy  written  by  a Studious  Friend 
and  Admirer  of  Ben.  Johnjon ; which  I wilh 
were  fet  upon  his  Grave. 

Hie  Johnfonus  nojter  Lyricorum , 'Dramatico- 
rttm Coryphaeus,  qui  Ballade  aufpice  laurum 
a Gracia  ipfa%  Roma  rapuit , jy  faujlo  Omine 
in  Brittaniam  tranjlulit  nojiram , nunc  irnidia 
major,  fato , nee  tamen  amulis  cejjit.  An. 
Dorn,  i £>3  7.  Id.  Nov.  (*} 

Thomas  Jordan. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firll,  who  could  both  write  and  a& 
Plays ; as  appears  from  three  Drammas  he  has 
publifht,  and  from  a Tragedy,  call’d  MeJJalina , 
in  which  he  a<5led  the  part  of  Lepida,  Mother 
to  that  lhamelefs  Emprefs.  His  Plays  are  two 
Comedies,  and  a Mafque ; viz. 

Fancies  Fejlivals , a Mafque,  printed  aj.Lond. 
1 6-. — This,  I have  not  at  prefent,  but  have 
formerly  read  it  with  fatisfa£tion,  and  ftill  re- 
tain the  following  Lines  fpoken  by  a Souldier ; 


(*)  mad,  At'.ciq.  Oxon. 


Dramatick  Poets , 507 

God,  and  the  Souldier,  Men  alike  adore , 

JuJl  at  the  brink  of  danger , and  no  more : 

The  danger paft  both  are  alike  requited ’ 

God.  is forgotten,  and  the  Souldier flighted. 

CMoneyis  an  Afs,  a Comedy  adted  with  good 
applaufe  printed^.  Lond.  1668.  I fuppole  by 
the  Stile,  this  was  writ  (and  pollibly  publilh’d) 
dome  Years  before  ; it  being  a common  thing 
with  tAx.Kirkrnan , to  publifh  old  Plays  ; as,  Any 
thing  for  a Quiet  Life ; Cure  for  a Cuckold ; 
Gammer  Gurtons  Needle , and  many  others. 

Walks  of  Illington,  and  Hogfdon,  with  the 
Humors  of  Woodflreet-Compter ; a Comedy* 
publickly  adled  Nineteen  Days  together,  with 
extraordinary  applaufe  • printed  40.  Lond.  id y 7. 
and  dedicated  to  the  true  Lover  of  Ingenuity, 
the  much  Honour’d  Richard Cheynyfi Hackney , 
Elq;  This  Play  in  thofe  days  was  commended 
by  a Copy  of  Verfes,  written  by  R.  C.  Mailer 
of  Arts ; part  of  which  are  thus : 

Thefe  Walks  ’twixt  Illington  fy  Hogfdon,  to/',#’ 
{Like  thofe  'twixt  Tempe  and Parnalfus  Hill) 
Show,  how  the  CMufes  in  their f port  full  Rage , 
Set  all  the  Town  a walking  toy  our  Stage, 

With fo  much  Wit,  and  Art,  andjudgment  laid, 
That  Nineteen  dayes  together  they  were play’d. 
Now  by  the  bounty  of  the  Trefs  we  be 
f off  eft’ d of  that  which  we  before  did  fee. 

Not  pie  tying  only  Nineteen  times  read  ore. 
But  Nineteen  Ages,  or  till  Times  no  more. 


• U % 


William 


308  An  Account  of  the 

V illiam  Joyner. 

A Gentleman  born  in  Oxfordjhire , and  Edu- 
cated in  Magdalen  Colledge,  where  he  was 
ibmetime  Fellow;  but  upon  the  Change ofhis 
.Religion,  or  in  order  to  it,  he  voluntarily 
quitted  his  Place,  in  the  beginning  of  the 
Wars.  After  he  left  the  Colledge,  he  betook 
liimfelf  to  a retir’d  Life,  never  intennedling 
with  the  Controverfies  of  Religion,  or  the  Af- 
fairs of  State  : which  prudent  Demeanor,  jovn- 
ed  with  the  Sweetnefs  of  his  Difpofition,  con- 
tinued him  in  the  Favour  and  Good-will  of  the 
Society;  till  the  New-modelling  of  the  Col- 
ledge,under  the  Ecclejiajlical CommiJJioners ; by 
whom  he  was  re-placed  in  his  former  Station : 
but  did  not  long  enjoy  it,  the  Colledge  being 
Ihortly  after  again  rellored  to  its  former  Settle- 
ment. That  he  did  not  wholly  bid  Adieu  to 
the  Mufesj  when  he  firlt  withdrew  from  the 
Univeriity,  may  appear  by  a cDramma  that  he 
publish'd  under  the  Name  of 

The  Roman  EmpreJ's , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 
Royal  Theatre  by  his  Majeflies  Servants ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  i6qi.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Honourable  Sir  Charles  Sidley.  This  Play  in 
ipight  of  a dead  Vacation,  and  fome  other  Im- 
pediments, found  the  applaufe  and  approba- 
tion of  the  Theatre,  as  oft  as  it  appear’d.  The 
Author  has  propos’d  the  Oedipus  and Hippolitus 
for  his  pattern  ; and  I think  it  may  jullly  de- 
ferve  to  be  obferv’d,  That  his  Tragedy  is  writ 
in  a more  Mafculine,  and  lofty  Stile  than  moffc 
Plays  of  tliis  Age ; and  Terror  and  Compaflion 


Dramatic k Poets.  309 

being  the  chief  hinges  on  which  he  defign’d 
his  Tragedy  fhould  turn ; he  has  judicioufly 
rejected  what  he  calls  the  Gingling  Antithefes 
of  Love  and  Honour.  By  the  Advice  of  Friends, 
he  tells  us, that  he  hath  difguis’d  theNames : yet 
that  this  Emperour  was  One  of  the  Greateffc 
that  ever  Pome  boafled.  I am  apt  to  believe, 
that  under  the  Character  of  Falentiusy  the  Au- 
thor means  Conjlantine  the  Great ; and  that 
CrifpuSy  and  his  Mother-in-law  Faujlina , are 
fhadow’d  under  the  Characters  of  Floras  and 
Fulv'ta:  but  this  being  only  Conjecture,  I mull 
leave  it  to  the  Criticks  Decifion. 

Our  Author  has  nothing  elfe  in  print  that 
I know  of,  except  a little  Book  entituled  Some 
Obfervations  on  the  Life  of  Cardinal  Reginaldus 
Polus;  where  he  difguifes  his  Name  under  thefe 
two  Letters,  G.  L.  which  I take  to  be  GuilieU 
mus  Lyde , the  Ancient  Name  of  that  Family : 
’Tis  printed  8°.  Lond.  1686.  In  this  Book,  the 
Reader  is  made  acquainted  not  only  with  the 
Authors  Reading,  Stile,  and  Judgment ; but  his 
skill  in  the  French , and  Italian , Languages. 

K. 

Henry  Killegrew. 

AN  Author  who  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Fir  ft,  and  writ  a Plav,  call’d 
Confpiracjj  a Tragedy  printed  4,0.  Iond.1618. 
This  Play  was  defign’d  for  an  Entertainment 
of  the  King  and  Queen  at  Jor^Houfe,  at  the 
Nuptials  of  the  Lady  Mary  Fillers,  and  the 
U 1 Lord 


3 io  An  Account  of  the 

Lord  Charles  Herbert.  ’Twas  afterwards  a<5ted 
on  the  B lack -fry  ars  Stage,  ( a ) and  found  the  ap- 
probation of  the  molt  Excellent  Perfons  of  this 
kind  of  Writing  which  were  in  that  time,  if 
there  were  ever  better  in  any  time  ; Ben  John- 
Jon , being  then  alive,  who  gave  a Teflimony  of 
this  Peice  even  to  be  envy’d.  Some  Cavillers  at 
its  firll  Representation  at  'Blackfryars,exc\a\  m’d 
againll  the  Indecorum  that  appear’d  in  the  part 
ot  Cle andcr,  wTho  being  reprefented  as  a Perfon 
of  feventeen  years  old,  is  made  to  fpeak  words, 
that  would  better  fute  with  the  Age  of  Thirty; 
faying,  It  was  monflrous  and  impoffible  : but 
the  Author  was  Sufficiently  vindicated  by 
the  Lord  Viicount  Faulk  land,  who  made  the 
following  Repartee,  to  One  of  thefe  Hypercri- 
tkhs ‘Sir,  ’tis  not  altogether  fo  monflrous, 
‘and  impollible,  for  One  of  Seventeen  Years 
‘to  fpeak  at  fuch  a rate  ; when  He  that  made 
‘him  fpeak  in  that  manper,and  writ  the  whole 
: Play,  was  Himfelf  no  Older.  This  Imprefiion 
was  printed  without  the  Authors  confent,from 
a falfe  and  an  imperfect  Tranfcript,  the  Ori- 
ginal Copy  being  (with  the  Author)  in  Italy ; 
io  that  it  might  rather  be  call’d  the  Firll  De- 
fign,  or  Foul  Draught,  than  a True  Copy. 
1 his  occafioned  a new  Edition,  and  the  Pub- 
lisher impos’d  on  it  a New  Title,  that  it  might 
fhew  as  little  Affinity  as  poflible,  to  (what  he 
calls)  its  Anti-type ; fliling  it, 

T allmius  and.  JLudora , a Tragedy,  printed 
fol.  Lond.  i <5yg,  . To  this  Edition,  I recom- 
mend the  Reader,  remembring  that  of  Martial 
i 3 ) iJickcc.  ’ ■ 

tSMut- 


Dramatick  Poets. 


x!Multum  crede  mihi,  refert , a fonte  bibatur 
Qua?  fluit , an pigro  qux Jlupet  undo,  lacu. 

Thomas  Killegrew. 

A Gentleman  well  known  at  Court,  having 
been  Page  of  Honour  to  King  Charles  the  Firft, 
ahd  Groom  of  the  Bed-chamber  to  King  Charles 
the  Second,  with  whom  he  endur’d  twenty 
Years  Exile.  During  his  abode  beyond  Sea, 
took  a view  of  Franco , Italy , and  Spain’,  and 
was  Honoured  by  his  Majefty  wit\  the  Credi- 
table Employ  of  Refident  at  the  State  of  Ve- 
nice, whither  he  was  fent  in  Augujl  i6yi.  Du- 
ring his  Abfence  from  his  Country,  he  di- 
verted himfelf  with  the  Mufes,  writing  fe- 
veral  Playes,  of  which  Sir  John  2)enham  (in  a 
jocular  way)  takes  notice  in  his  Copy  of  Ver- 
les  on  our  Author’s  Return  from  his  Embaffie 
from  Venice  ( bJ. 


Oar  Refident  Tom, 

From  Venice  is  come , 

And  hath  left  the  St  at  ef man  behind  him : 
Talks  at  the  fame  pitchy 
Is  as  wife , is  as  rich , 

And  juft  where  you  left  him  you  find  him. 

But  who  fays  he  was  not 
A man  of  much  Tlot 

t3fay  repent  thatfalfe  Accufation ; 
Having  plotted  and pend’d 
Six  Plays  to  attend 
The  Farce  of  his  Negotiation. 


I. 


(b)  Deibtin\  Posiris,  p. 


Tho’ 


3 1 2 An  Account  of  the 

Tho’  Sir  John  Denham  mentions  but  fix,  our 
Author  writ  nine  Plays  in  his  Travells,  and 
two  at  London^ mongfl  which  his  Don  Thomafo , 
in  two  parts,  and  his  TarJ'ori s Weddings  will  al- 
ways be  valu’d  by  the  belt  Judges  and  Admirers 
of  Dramatick  Poetry.  Of  the fe  Eleven  Plays, 
I (hall  fpeak  in  their  Order. 

Bellamira  her  Dream,  or  Love  of  Shadows , a 
Tragi-comedy,  the  firltParr,  printed  fol.  Lond. 
1 663.  written  in  Venice,  and  dedicated  to  the 
Lady  Mary  V tillers,  Dutchefs  of  Richmond  and 
Lenox. 

Bellamira  her  Dream , the  fecond  Part,  a 
Tragi-comedy,  written  in  Venice ; printed  fol. 
Lond.  1 66 3 • and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  Anne 
Villiers , Countefs  of  Effex. 

Cicilia  and Clorinda , or  Love  iti  Arms , a Tra- 
gi-comedy, the  firf t Part, printed  fol. Lond.  1 66%. 
written  in  Turin , and  dedicated  to  the  Lady 
Anne  Villiers , Countefs  of  Morton. 

Cicilia  and  Clorinda , the  fecond  Part,  a Tragi- 
comedy printed  fol.  Lond.1663.  written  in  Flo- 
rence in  Augv.fi  1 65  1 .and  dedicated  to  the  Lady 
Dorothy  Sidney , Countefs  of  Sunderland.  The 
firff  Scene  between  Amadeo , Lucius , and  Man 
litts , fee-ms  copied  from  the  Characters  of  Agla- 
tidas , Ai  tabes,  and  MegabiJ'es , in  the  Grand 
Cyrus  ; fee  the  Hiftory  of  Aglatidas  and  Ame- 
Jlris,  Part  1.  Pc  ok  3. 

Chirac  ilia , a Tragi-comedy,  printed  Folio 
Lond.  1663.  written  in  Rome , and  dedicated  to 
his  Dear  Sifter  the  Lady  Shannon.  On  this 
P't ' , and  T he  Trif oners,  Mr.  Carthvoright  has 
t ingenious  Copy  of  Verfes,  which  the 

Reader, 


Dramatick  Poets . 31} 

Reader  may  find  among!!  his  Poems,  p.  ayS. 

Parfons  IV edd'mg,  a Comedy  printed  Folio 
Lond.  1663.  written  at  Bajil  in  Switzerland, 
and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  Urfula  Bartu, Widow. 
This  Play  was  reviv’d  at  the  Old  Theatre,  in 
little  Lincolns- Inn-fields,  and  adled  all  by  Wo- 
men, a new  Prologue  and  Epilogue  being  fpo- 
ken  by  Mrs.  Marjhal  in  Man’s  Cloaths,  which 
the  Reader  may  find  printed  in  Covent-Gardgp. 
drollery,  80.  pag.  3.  <fcyc.  The  Intrigue  of  Care- 
lejs  and  Wild  circumventing  the  Lady  Wild, 
and  Mr s.Pleafanct  into  Marriage,  is  an  Incident 
in  leveral  Plays,  as  Ram- Alley,  Antiquary , &c. 
but  in  none  fo  well  manag’d  as  in  this  Play. 

Pilgrim,  a Tragedy  printed  Fol.  Lond.i66$. 
■written  in  Paris  in  the  Year  i6yi.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Countefs  of  Carnarvan. 

Princefs , or  Love  at fir  ft  fight,  aT  ragi-comedy 
printed  Fol.  Lond.\66i . written  in  Naples, ana 
dedicated  to  his  Dear  Neece,  the  Lady  Anne 
W mt worth,  Wife  to  the  Lord  Lovelace. 

Prifoners,  a T ragi-comedy  printed  Fol .Lond. 
1663.  written  in  London , and  dedicated  to  his 
Dear  Neece,  the  Lady  Crompton. 

Thomafo , or  The  Wanderer,  a Comedy  in  two 
Parts,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1663.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Fair  and  Kind  Friends  of  Prince  Pala- 
tine Polexander.  In  the  firfi:  part  of  this  Play 
the  Author  has  borrow’d  feveral  Ornaments, 
as  the  Song  fung  by  Angelica  A£l  a.  Sc.  3.  is  ta- 
ken from  Fletchers  Play  call’d  The  Captain  A&4. 
He  has  made  ufe  of  Ben  Johnfbn  confiderably, 
for  not  only  the  Character  of  Lopus , but  even 
the  very  Words  are  copied  from  Jobnfons  Fox, 

where 


3 1 4 An  Account  of  the 

where  Vulpone  perfonat.es  Scoto  of  Mantua:  as 
the  Reader  will  fee  by  comparing  A£l  4.  Sc.  1. 
of  this  Play,  with  that  of  the  Fox , A£l  a.  Sc.  1. 

I do  not  believe  that  our  Author  defign’d  to 
conceal  his  Theft,  fince  he  is  fo  juft  to  acknow- 
ledge a Song  again!!  Jealoufy,  which  he  bor- 
row’d, and  was  written  by  Mr.  Thomas  Carew , 
Cup-bearer  to  King  Charles  the  Firffc;  and  fung 
in  a Mafque  at  Whitehall , An.  1633.  ‘This 
‘1 Chorus  (fays  he)  I prefume  to  make  ufe  of  here, 
4becaufe  in  the  firft  defign,  ’twas  writ  at  my 
4 recjueft,  upon  a Difpute  held  betwixt  Mrs. 
iCicilia  Crofts  and  my  felf,  where  he  was  pre- 
1 fent ; flie  being  then  Maid  of  Honor : this  I 
4 have  fet  down,  left  any  man  fhould  believe 
4 me  fo  foolifh  as  to  (leal  fuch  a Poem  from  fo 
4 famous  an  Author ; or  fo  vain  as  to  pretend 
4 to  the  making  of  it  my  felf.  Certainly  there- 
fore, if  he  fcrupled  to  rob  Mr.  Carew , he 
Would  much  more  Mr.  Johnfony  whofe  Fame 
as  much  exceeded  the  others,  as  his  Writings 
and  Compofitions  are  better  known:  How- 
ever it  be,  I am  lure  he  is  not  the  only  Poet 
that  has  imp’d  his  Wings  with  Mr.  Johnfons 
Feathers,  and  if  every  Poet  that  borrows, 
knew  as  well  as  Mr.  Ki lie  grew  how  to  difpofe 
of  it,  ’twould  certainly  be  very  excufable.  All 
thefe  Plays  are  printed  together  in  One  Volume 
in  Folio  Lond.  166 4. 

Sir  William  Kxllegrew. 

A Gentleman  who  by  his  Writings,  and  ho- 
nourable Station  in  the  Court  (being  Vice- 
Chamberlain  to  the  Queen  Dowager,)  is  well 

known. 


Dramatick  Poets.  515 

known.  He  is  the  Author  of  Four  Plays, which 
have  been  applauded  (whether  with  Juftice 
or  no  I leave  to  the  Criticks)  by  Men,  who 
have  themlelves  been  reputed  Eminent  for 
Poetry,  as  Mr.  Waller,  Sr.  Robert  Staple  ton, Nit. 
Lodovoick^Carlell,  and  others:  I (hall  therefore 
only  acquaint  the  Reader  with  their  feveral 
Titles,  and  fubniit  them  to  his  further  judg- 
ment. 

Ormafdes , or  Love  and  Friendjhip , a Tragi- 
comedy. 

Tandora , or  The  Converts , a Comedy. 

Selindra , a Tragi-comedy. 

Siege  of  Urbin , a Tragi-comedy. 

All  thefe  Plays  were  printed  together  in  Folio, 
Oxon  1 666. 

There  is  another  Play  afcrib’d  to  our  Au- 
thor call’d  The  Imperial  Tragedy , printed  Fol. 
Lond.  1669.  the  chief  part  was  taken  out  of  a 
Latine  Play,  and  very  much  alter’d  by  him 
for  his  own  diverfion.  But  upon  the  Impor- 
tunity of  Friends,  he  was  prevailed  with  to 
have  it  publilht ; but  without  Name  : becaufe 
many  do  cenfure  Plays  according  to  their  O- 
pinions  of  the  Author : The  Plot  is  founded  on 
the  Hiftory  of  Zeno  the  Twelfth  Emperor  of 
Constantinople  after  Conjlantine.  Several  Authors 
have  writ  his  Story,  as  Marcellinus , CaJJiodorus , 
Cedrenus,  Evagrius , Zonoras , Baronins,  &c. 

John  Kirke. 

A Writer,  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the 
Firft,  of  a Play  call’d  The  Seven  Champions  of 
Chriftendome : a<5ted  at  the  Cock-pit , and  at  the 
■ Red 


%i6  An  Account  of  the 

Red  Bull  in  St.  John's  Street,  with  a general 
liking  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1638.  and  dedicated 
to  his  much  refpe&ed  and  worthy  Friend  Mr. 
John  JV< aite.  This  Play  is  written  in  a mixt 
tfile,  and  founded  on  that  well  known  Book  in 
profe,  which  bears  the  fame  Title.  See  befides 
Dr.  Heyliris  Hillory  of  St.  George. 

Ralph  Knevet. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  about  the  fame  time 
with  the  former.  He  writ  a Play  call’d  Rhodon 
and  Iris,  a Palloral,  prefented  at  the  Florifts 
Feafl  in  Norwich,  May  the  Third  1631.  printed 
40.  Lond.  1631.  and"  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Worfhipful  Mr.  Nicholas  Bacon  of  Gillingham 
Efquire.  This  Paftoral  is  commended  by  Four 
Copies  of  Verfes. 

Thomas  Kyd. 

An  Ancient  Writer,  or  rather  Tranflator  in 
the  time  of  Queen  Elizabeth , who  publifht  a 
Play  call’d  Tompey  the  Great  his  Fair  Cornelias 
Tragedy  ; effected  by  her  Father  and  Husband’s 
Down-call,  Death,  and  Fortune ; printed  40. 
Lond.  rypy.  and  dedicated  to  the  Virtuoufly 
Noble,  and  rightly  Honour’d  Lady,  the  Coun- 
tefs  of  SuJJ'ex.  This  Play  is  tranllated  from  the 
French  of  Robert  Gamier,  vvho  in  the  Reigns 
of  Charles  the  Ninth,  Henry  the  Third,  and 
Henry  the  Fourth,  was  accounted  an  Excel- 
lent Poet,  tho ’ M.  Rapin  fays,  His  Tragedies 
with  thofe  of  Rotrou,  Sene,  and  others  of  that 
time,  are  of  a mean  Character.  ’Tis  evident  to 

any 


Dramatic k Poets.  317 

any  that  have  read  his  Tragedies,  which  are 
Nine  in  Number,  that  he  propos’d  Seneca  for 
his  Model,  and  he  was  thought  in  thofe  days 
to  have  happily  fucceeded  in  his  Defign.  This 
Tranflation  is  writ  in  blank  Verle,  only  here 
and  there,  at  the  clofe  of  a Paragraph  (if  I 
may  fo  fpeak)  the  Reader  is  prefented  with  a 
Couplet.  The  Chorus's  are  writ  in  feveral 
Meafures  of  Verfe,  and  are  very  fententicus. 


L. 

John  Lacy. 

A Comedian  whofe  Abilities  in  Action  were 
fufficiently  known  to  all  that  frequented 
the  King’s  Theatre,  where  he  was  for  many 
years  an  Aitor,  and  perform’d  all  Parts  that  he 
undertook  to  a miracle  : inlomuch  that  I am 
apt  to  believe,  that  as  this  Age  never  had,  fo 
the  next  never  will  have  his  Equal,  at  lealfc 
not  his  Super iour.  He  was  lb  well  approv’d 
of  by  King  Charles  the  Second,  an  undeni- 
able Judge  in  Dramatick  Arts,  that  he  caus’d 
his  Picture  to  be  drawn,  in  three  feveral 
Figures  in  the  fame  Table,  viz.  That  of  Teague 
in  the  Committee , Mr.  Scruple  in  The  Cheats, 
and  M.  Galliard m The  Variety : which  piece 
is  ftill  in  being  in  JVindjor-CaJlk . Nor  did  his 
Talent  wholly  ly  in  Ailing,  he  knew  both  how 
to  judge  and  write  Plays : and  if  his  Comedies 
are  fomewhat  allied  to  French  Farce,  ’tis  out 
choice,  rather  than  want  of  Ability  to  write 

true 


3 1 8 An  Account  of  the 

true  Comedy.  We  have  Three  Plays  extant 
under  his  Name,  viz. 

Dumb  Lady , or  The  Farriar  made  Thyfitian , 
a Comedy  adted  at  the  Theatre-Royal ; printed 
40.  Lond.i6"i%.  and  dedicated  to  the  High-born 
and  moft  Hopeful  Prince,  Charles , Lord  Lim- 
rick,  and  Earl  of  Southampton.  This  Play  is 
founded  on  a Comedy  of  MoUiere' s call’d  Le 
Medecin  malgre  luy.  If  the  Reader  will  take 
the  pains  to  compare  them  together,  he  will 
eafily  fee  that  our  Author  has  much  improv’d 
the  French  Play. 

Old  Troop , or  dMonfieur  Ragou,  a Comedy 
adted  at  the  Theatre-Royal ; printed  4°.  Lond. 
1 67a.  and  dedicated  to  the  young  Prince  George 
Third  Son  to  the  Dutchefs  of  Cleveland.  I fan- 
cy by  the  ftile,  this  Play  likewifeis  founded  on 
lome  French  Original,  tho’ my  frnall  Acquain- 
tance with  French  Poets  makes  me  fpeak  only 
on  Conjedlure.  Both  thefe  Plays  were  adted 
with  univerfal  Applaule. 

Sir  Hercules  Buffoon,  or  The  Poetical  Squire, 
a Comedy  adted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and 
printed  40.  Lond.  1684.  This  Play  was  brought 
upon  the  Stage,  and  publifht  after  the  Author’s 
Deceafe,  the  Prologue  was  writ  by  Mx.Durfey , 
the  Epilogue  by  Jo.  Heyns  the  Comedian,  and 
both  fpoken  by  the  later.  I know  not  how  this 
Play  fucceeded  on  the  Theatre,  but  I am  con- 
fident had  the  Author  been  alive  to  have  grac’d 
it  with  his  Adtion,  it  could  not  have  fail’d  of 
Applaule.  This  Mr.  Dur fey  has  obferv’d  in 
the  beginning  of  his  Prologue  j 


Dramatick  Poets:  319 

Te  Scribling  Fops , ( cry  mercy  if  I wrong  ye) 
But  without  doubt  there  mujlbe  fome  amongye . 
Know,  that  fam'd  Lacy,  Ornament  o'  tti  Stags 
That  Standard  of  true  Comedy  in  our  Age, 
Wrote  this  New  Hay  : 

And  if  it  takes  not,  all  that  we  can  fay  on't, 

Is,  we've  his  Fiddle , not  his  Hands  to  play  on't, 

John  Leanard. 

A confident  Plagiary,  whom  5 difdain  to  ftile 
an  Author : One, who  tho’  he  would  be  efteem’d 
the  Father,  is  at  bell  but  the  Midwife  to  the 
Labour  of  others ; I mean  thofe  Two  Drama- 
tick  Pieces,  which  go  under  his  Name.  I know 
not  how  they  were  receiv’d  on  the  Stage,  but 
l am  fure  the  Author  deferv’d  (tho’  the  Plays 
might  not)  to  be  damn’d  for  his  vain  glorious 
Humour  of  re-printing  another  Man’s  Play,  un- 
der his  own  Name,  as  he  has  done  b/Lr. Brewer' s 
Country  Girl,  under  the  Title  of 

Country  Innocence , or  The  Chamber-maid 
turn'd  Quaker,  a Comedy  afted  at  the  Theatre 
Royal,  printed  4°.  Lond.  1677.  and -dedicated 
to  his  Honour’d  Friend  Sr.  Francis  Hinchman. 
Whether  his  Patrons  Inflrudtions  (c)  rais’d  him 
to  that  height  of  prefumption  as  to  publifh  ano- 
ther man’s  Play  as  his  own,  I pretend  not  to 
judge  : but  I am  fure  he  has  fumciently  made 
appear  to  the  World  that  he  is  One  of  thofe 
Authors  he  fpeaks  of,  whofe  Arrogance  and  Im~ 
pudence  are  their  chief  dependency . Had  our  Au- 
thor been  as  well  acquainted  with  Martial,  as 

(c)  Epiftle  Dedicatory. 

he 


5 2 o An  Account  of  the 

he  pretends  to  be  with  Homer , he  would  have 
weigh’d  his  Opinion  before  he  had  made  any 
progrejjion  as  he  calls  it  in  his  Thefts.  (d) 

Mutare  dominum  non  poteft  liber  notus. — • 

Aliena,  quipjuis  recitat , petit  famam  ; 

Hon  emere  Librum , fedjilentium  debet . 

Rambling  Juft  ice,  or  The  Jealous  Husbands , 
with  the  Humours  of  Sir  John  Twiford \ a Co- 
medy ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal ; printed  40. 
Land.  1680.  A great  part  of  it  is  floln  from  a 
Comedy  of  Middleton s call’d  More  DiJJ'emblers 
be /ides  IV omen.  As  the  Scene  between  Sir  Gene- 
rali Amorous  and  Bramble  Ail  1.  Sc.  1.  is  floln 
from  the  Scene  between  Lattantio  and  T)ondolo. 
Ail  3.  Sc.  1.  Petulant  Eafy  difguis’d  like  a Gipfy 
in  the  fame  Ail,  is  borrow’d  from  Aurelias 
Difguife  in  Middletons  Play,  Ail  4.  Sc.  1.  The 
Scene  between  Bramble  and  the  Gipfies  is  floln 
from  the  fame  Play ; but  fince  our  Author  is 
forc’d  to  fir  ole  like  One  of  that  Tribe  for  a 
Livelihood,  with  the  Ifliie  of  other  Men’s 
Brains,  I leave  him  to  his  hard  Stars  : tho’ 
poflibly  Gipfy -like , he  begs  with  floln  Chil- 
dren, that  he  may  raife  the  more  Compaffion. 

Nathaniel  Let. 

An  Author  whole  Plays  have  made  him  fuf- 
ficiently  remarkable  to  thofe  who  call  them-  . 
felves  The  Wits  ; and  One  whole  Mufe  deferv’d 
a better  Fate  than  Bedlam.  How  truly  he  has 
verified  the  Saying  of  the  Philofophex,  Nullum 
(d)  Lib. I.  Epigr.  6j, 

fit 


Dramatick  Poets.  „ 321 

fit  Magnum  Ingenium  fine  mixtura  dementia ; 
even  to  the  Regret  and  Pity  of  all  that  knew 
him,  is  manifelt : I heartily  wilh  his  Madnefs 
had  not  exceeded  that  Divine  Fury  which  Ovid 
mentions,  and  which  ufually  accompanies  the 
beft  Poet  • 

Efi  Deus  in  nobis  agitante  calefcimus  itto. 

But  alas ! his  Condition  is  far  worfe,  as  it  has 
been  defcrib’d  in  a Satyr  on  the  Modern  Poets. 

There  (e),  in  a Den  remov'd from  human  Eyes 

Tojfeft  with  Mufey  the  Brain  jickfPoet  lyes , 

Too  miferably  wretched  to  be  nam'd  ; 

For  T 'lays, for  Heroes , and  for  TaJJion  fam'd. 

Thoughtlefs  he  raves  his fleeplefs  Hours  away , 

In  Chains  all  Nights , in  darknefs  all  the  Day. 

And  if  he  gets  fome  intervals  from  pain , 

The  Fit  returns  ; he  foamsynd  bites  his  Chain , 

His  Eye-balls  row  /,  and  he  grows  mad  again. 

However,  before  this  misfortune  befel  him, 
he  writ  feveral  Dramatical  Pieces,  which  gave 
him  a Title  to  the  Firfl  Rank  of  Poets ; there 
being  feveral  of  his  Tragedies,  as  Mithridates , 
Theodojius , &c.  which  have  forc’d  Tears  from 
the  fairefl:  Eyes  in  the  World : his  Mufe  indeed 
feem’d  deltin’d  for  the  Diverfion  of  the  Fair 
Sex ; fo  foft  and  paffionately  moving,  are  his 
Scenes  of  Love  written.  He  has  publilht  E- 
leven  Plays,  befides  thofe  two,  in  which  he 
joyn’d  with  VAxDryden  (and  of  which  we  have 
already  fpoken  ) viz. 

Cafar  Borgia , Son  to  Pope  Alexander  the  VI. 

(c)  In 

X 


a 


3 22  An  Account  of  the 

a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  by 
their  Royal-Highnefles  Servants  ; printed  40. 
Bond.  1680.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Thilip  Earl  of  'Pembroke  and  Montgo- 
mery. For  the  Plot,  fee  Writers  of  thole  times, 
as  Guicciardine , L.  y,  6.  Mariana  L.  27,  28.  Sr. 
Paul  Ricaut’s  Continuation  of  Tlatina , in  the 
Reign  of  Pope  Alexander  the  VI. 

Conflantine  the  Great , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal  by  their  Majeflies  Servants ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1684.  Many  are  the  Authors 
that  have  writ  the  Ailions  of  this  Illullrious 
Emperor,  as  Socrates,  Sozomen , Eafebius,  Zo- 
naras , Eutropius , Riiffnus , Baroniusfyc.  The 
Story  of  Crifpus  and  Faufla , is  particularly  re- 
lated (as  I think)  in  Ammianus  Marcellinus  : 
See  belides  Beams  Theatre  of  Cod’s  Judge- 
ments, Ch.  1 3 . p.  zzy. 

Gloriana , the  Court  of  Auguflus  Caefar,  a 
Tragedy  in  Heroick  Verfe,  ailed  at  the  Thea- 
tre-Royal by  their  Majeflies  Servants,  printed 
4°.  Lond.  1676.  and  dedicated  to  her  Grace  the 
Dutchefs  of  Tortfmouth.  The  Plot  I take  to 
be  rather  founded  on  Romance  than  Hiflory, , 
as  the  Reader  will  find  by  comparing  the  Play  . 
with  the  Romance  of  Cleopatra , in  the  feveral 
Stories  of  Cxfario , <JMarcellus  and  Julia;  Part 
1.  Book  3.  Party.  Book  3.  Ovid,  CypaJJis  and  Ju- 
lia, Part  7.  Book  3.  A Modern  Poet,  in  a Satyr 
writ  in  Imitation  of  'Sit  John  Sucklings  Seflion 
of  the  Poets,  writes  thus  of  our  Author  and 
this  Play  ( f)  : 


Nat 


(()  liadit [to ’» l?ae.ES,  p.m. 


Dramatick  Poets.  32$ 

Nat  Lee Jlept  in  next , in  hopes  of  a Prize, 

Apollo  remember  d he  had  hit  Once  in  Thrice  ; 

By  the  Rubies  in ’s  Face , he  could  not  deny, 

But  he  had  as  much  JVit,as  W ine  could Jirpply; 

Confejl  that  indeed  he  had  a Mulical  Note, 

But  I'ome times  drain  dfo  hard. ’ that  it  rattled 
i'  th’  Throat ; 

Tet  own'd  he  hadSznfef  encourage  him  for  7, 

He  made  him  his  Ovid  in  Auguflus’j  Court. 

Lucius  Junius  Brutus,  Father  of  his  Country, 
a Tragedy,  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  by 
their  Royal  Highnefles  Servants ; printed  40. 
Lond.i6Si.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Charles , Earl  of  Dorfet  and  TMiddle- 
fex.  This  Play  well  deferv’d  lb  great  a Patron 
as  his  Lordfhip,  few  Plays  that  I know1,  being 
writ  with  more  Manly  Spirit,  Force  and  Vi- 
gour. For  the  Plot  our  Author  has  partly 
follow’d  Hiftory,  partly  Romance  : For  Hi- 
flory,  confult  floras  Lib.i.  Ch.9,10.  Livy  Lib. 
1.  Dionyfms  Hattie arnafjieus , Eutropius , Sextus 
Rufus , Orofius,fyc.  ForFiilion,  read  in  the 
Romance  called  Clelia , The  Hiflory  of  Junius 
Brutus , Part  x.  Book  1.  p.  1*70.  Part  3.  Book  1. 
p.  xxp. 

iSMa/facre  of  Paris,  a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  by  their  Majeflies  Servants, 
printed  4°.  Lond.  i<5po.  This  Play  is  founded 
on  that  Bloody  Maflacre  which  was  ailed  on. 
St.  Bartholomew  Day,  in  the  Year  iy^x.  For 
the  Story,  confult  Thuanus , Davila , Lib.  y, 
Pierre  Matthieu , or,  (as  fome  lav)  Mcnliard\n% 
Continuation  of  De  Serres , Messer  ay  and  other 
X x HU 


524  An  Account  of  the 

Hiflorians  in  the  Reign  of  Charles  the  IX.  Se- 
veral paflages  in  the  Duke  of  GuiJ'e , are  bor- 
row’d from  this  Play,  as  the  Reader  may  find 
by  comparing  p.  6.  of  the  former,  with  p.  4.  of 
the  latter ; p.n.withp.  y.  p.  13.  with  p.  y.  and 
6,  &c. 

cj Mithridates  King  o/Pontus,  a Tragedy, ailed 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  their  Majeflies  Ser- 
vants', printed  40.  Land.  i6^S.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles  Earl  of  ‘Dor- 
jet  and  Middle f ex.  This  Play  may  be  reckon’d 
amongfl  thofe  of  the  Firfl-Rank,  and  will  al- 
ways be  a Favourite  of  the  Tender-hearted 
Ladies.  It  is  founded  on  Hiflory : See  Ap- 
pian  de  Bell.  Mithrid.  Floras  l.  3 .c.y.  Kell.  ‘Pater- 
culus, l.  2.  Plutarch  in  the  Lives  of  Scjlla,  Lu- 
cullus  and  Pompey , fyc. 

Kero  Emperor  of  Rome  his  Tragedy,  ailed  at 
the  Theatre-Royal  by  his  Majeflies  Servants ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  i6^y.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Ho  able  the  Earl  of  Rochejler.  This  Play  is 
writ  in  a mixt  Stile,  part  in  Profe,part  in  Rime, 
and  part  in  Blank  Verfe.  For  the  Plot,  confult 
Suetonius  in  his  Life ; Aurelius  Victor  ; Tacitus 
Ann.  lib.  13,14,  <&c.  Sulpicius  Sever  us,  cfrc. 

Princefs  of  Cleve,  a Tragi-comedy,  ailed  at 
the  Queen’s  Theatre  in  Dorfet  Garden ; printed 
4^.  Lond.  1689.'  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Chai  /es  Earl  of  Dorfet  and  Middlesex , 
Lord  Chamberlain  of  his  prefent  Majefly’s 
Houfhold,  and  one  of  his  Majeflies  molt  Ho- 
nourable Privy  Council.  This  Play  is  found- 
ed on.  a Romance  call’d  The  Princefs  of  Cleves , 
tranflated  from  the  French.  The  Inveilive 

againft 


Dr  Am  At  ick  Poets.  325 

againfl  Women,  fpoken  by  Poltrot  Acl  y.  Sc.  t. 
is  printed  in  feveral  Books  of  Poetry,  and  may 
be  read  in  a Romance  call’d  The  French  Rogue , 
8°.  ch.  21.  p.  132.  The  Author  tells  his  Patron, 

( 8)  That  the  "Duke  erf  Guife  has  -yore fled  two 
Scenes  from  the  Original ; but  which  they  are 
I have  not  time  to  enquire. 

Rival  Queens,  or  The  Death  of  Alexander  the 
Great , a Tragedy  aCted  at  the  Theatre-Royal, 
by  their  Majefties  Servants, printed  Lond.  1 67 7. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  John, 
Earl  of  Mulgrave.  This  Play  has  always  been 
applauded  by  the  Spectators,  and  is  acknow- 
ledg’d a Mailer-piece  by  Mr. Dryden  him  felf,  in 
that  Copy  of  Verfes  prefix’d  to  it,  which  are  a 
fufficient  Tellimony  of  its  worth.  The  Pro- 
logue was  written  by  Sir  Car  Scroop.  For  the 
Plot,  as  far  as  the  Author  has  follow’d  Hillory, 
confute  Arrian ; Q^Curtius  ; Plutarch's  Life  of 
Alexander ; Juftin  lib.  it,  12.  Diodorus  Siculus , 
lib.  17.  & 18.  Jofephus  lib.  11.  cap.  8. 

Sophonisba,  or  Hannibals  Overthrow , a Tra- 
gedy, aCted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  their  Ma- 
jeflies  Servants ; printed  qo.L0nd.1676.  and  de- 
dicated to  her  Grace  the  Dutchels  of  Portf- 
mouth.  This  Play  is  writ  in  Heroick  Verfe, 
and  hath  always  appear’d  on  the  Stage  with 
applaufe  ; efpecially  from  the  Female  Sex  : and 
Envy  it  felf  mull  acknowledge,  That  the  Pafi 
lion  between  MaJJaniffa , and  Sophonisba , is  well 
exprefs’t ; tho’  Hannibal  and  Scipio's  Parts  fall 
fomewhat  Ihort  of  the  Characters  given  them 
by  Hiftorians ; as  the  Ingenious  and  Sharp  Lord 

(g;  Epift.  Dcd,  " 

X 3 Ro~ 


3 2 6 Account  of  the. 

Rochejler  has  obferv’d,  in  his  Allufion  to  Ho- 
race s Tenth  Satyr  of  the  Firil  Book  ; 

IF  hen  I,ee  makes  temperate  Scipio,  fret  and 
rave; 

And  Hannibal,  a ■tvhra'mg  Amorous  Slave , 

I laugh y and  wijh  the  Hot  brain'd F ultian-Fool, 

In  Busby  V Hands  to  be  well  la  ft  at  School. 

As  our  Author  has  taken  the  Liberty  in  fe- 
veral  Plays  to  follow  Romances,  fo  poflibly  he 
purpofely  err’d  with  the  late  Earl  of  Orrery , 
who  in  his  firft  Part  o iTartheni/fa,  has  repre- 
fented  the  Warlike  Hannibal  as  much  in  Love 
with  Izadora , as  Mr.  Lee  has  deferib’d  him 
pallionate  of  Rofalindd s Charms.  Many  Hilto- 
rians  have  writ  the  Actions  of  thefe  Great  Men: 
fee  Cornelius  Ncpos  his  Life  of  Hannibal;  Tlu - 
larch' s Life  of  Scipio  ; and  that  of  Hannibal ’ fa- 
ther'd on  him,  tho’  fuppos’d  to  be  writ  by  Do- 
nat us  Acciajolus  : Livy  Dec. ; . Lib.  x .<lyc.  Florus 
Lib.  2.  C.  6.  Jujlin.  Orqfius,  Diodorus , Polybius^ 
Appian , fyc.  Thofe  who  under  Hand  Italian , 
may  read  the  Story  of  MaJfaniJJ'ay  and  Sopho- 
nisba ; very  neatly  deferib’d  by  the  Excellent 
Pen  of  Petrarch , in  his  IlTrionfo  d' Amor e fax. 

Theodofius , or  The  Force  of  Love,  a Tragedy 
ailed  by  their  Royal-High nefs’s  Servants, at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1680.  and 
dedicated  to  her  Grace,  the  Dutchels  of  Rich- 
mond. The  Paliions  are  extreamly  well  drawn 
in  this  Play,  and  it  met  with  its  deferv’d  Ap« 
plaufe  : and  our  Author  has  faxd  with  as  much 
Truth  as  Modeffy  (h),  That  fuch  Characters 

(n)  Hjpxft.  Uvci.cat, 


. QramAtkk  Poets.  32  j 

Every  'Davober  cannot  draw.  This  Play  is  found- 
ed on  a Romance  call’d  Tharamond. \ tranflated 
fro  m the  French  of  M r . Calpranede.  See  the  Hi  - 
Rory  of  Farannes , Part  3.  Book  3.  p.  282.  Of 
Martian.  Part  7.  Book  1.  p.  207.  Of  Theodofius 
Part  7.  Book  3.  p.  i?6. 

I know  nothing  elfe  that  our  Author  has  in 
Print ; and  therefore  I fhall  conclude  with  that 
juft  Commendation  given  him  and  Mr.  Otway, 
by  Mr.  Evelyn,  in  his  Imitation  of  Ovid’s  Elegy 
ad  Jnvidos  ('). 

When  the  afpiring  Grecian  ( k)  in  the  Eajl , 

And  haughty  Philip  (')  is  forgot  in  the  Weft, 

Then  Lee  and  Otway ’s  Works  fhaU  hefupprefl. 

John  Lilly. 

An  Ancient  Writer,  living  in  the  Reign  of 
Queen  Elizabeth : he  was  a Kentijb  Man,  and 
in  his  younger  Years  brought  up  in  St.  t PMary 
Magdalen  Colledge  in  Oxon.  where  in  the  Year 
iy7y.  he  took  his  Mafter  of  Arts  Degree.  He 
was  a very  dole  Student,  and  much  addi&ed  to 
Poetry;  a Proof  of  which  he  has  given  the 
World  in  Nine  Plays,  he  has  bequeath’d  to  Po- 
fterity,  and  which  in  that  Age,  were  well  e- 
fleema  both  by  the  Court  and  the  Univerfity. 
He  was  One  of  the  firfl  Writers,  that  in  thofe 
Days  attempted  to  reform  our  Language,  and 
purge  it  from  obfoleteExpreffions.  Mr.  Blount, 3. 
Gentleman, who  has  made  himfelf  known  to  the 

( 1)  face’s  Collection  ot  Poems,  80.p,yo.  |k)  He  alludes  to 
The  Rival  Queens.  (I)  To  Ooa  carln. 

X 4 World, 


32$  An  Account  of  the 

World,  by  the  feveral  Pieces  of  his  own  Wri- 
ting, (as  flora  Subfecivafn  Microcoffnographyy 
&c.)  and  who  publifht  fix  of  th'efe  Plays ; in  his 
Title-page  ftiles  hnn,  The  only  Rare  Poet  of 
that  Time,  The  Witty,  Comical,  Facetioufly- 
Quick,  and  Unparalell’d  John  Lilly. 

’Tis  not  to  be  expected  that  I fhould  any 
where  trace  this  Au  tho  r,  if  the  Character  Mr. 
Blount  gives  of  him  in  his  Epi:fHc;  Dedicatory, 
be  true ; i That  he  fat  at  sip o Hoi  Table;  that 
1 slpotto  gave  him  a Wreath  of  his  .own  BayeSj 
‘ without  Snatching;  and  that  the  Lyre  he 
i play’d  on,  had  nt>  borrow’d  Strings.  The  Rea- 
der therefore  is  only  to  expert  a fhort  Account 
of  his  Titles  Alphabetically. 

Alexander  and  Campafpe , a T ragical-Comedy 
play’d  before  the  Queens  M a jelly,  on  Twelfth- 
day  at  Night,  by  her  Majefiies  Children,  and 
the  Children  of  Taul' r,  and  afterwards  at  the 
Black-fryars ; printed  i x°.  land.  1632,.  The 
Story  of  Alexander's  bellowing  Campafpe  on  the 
Enamour’d  Apelles , is  related  by  Pliny  in  his 
his  Natural  Hiflory,  Lib.  jy.  L.io. 

Endymion, a Comedy  prefented  before  Queen 
Elizabeth , by  the  Children  of  her  Majefiies 
Chappel,  and  the  Children  of  Pautpj  printed 
ii°.  Lond.  1 632,.  For  the  Story  of  Endimion  s 
being  belov’d  by  the  Moon , with  Comments 
upon  it,  may  be  met  with  in  mofl  of  the  My- 
thologijls  : See  Lucian  ?,  Dialogues  between  Ee- 
nus  and  the  Moon  ; Natalis  Comes > Lib,.  4.  C 8. 
ffygmi  Toeticon  Aftronomicon ; Fulgenth  My- 
thologia  ; Galtruchius's  Hiftory  of  the  Heathen 
Gods,  Lib.  i.C.p.  M.  Goryibauld has  writ  a Ro- 
1 ‘ ‘ ' mance, 


Dramatick  Poets.  329 

mance,  call’d  Endymion , tranflated  in  Englijh, 
printed  oCtavo  16 39. 

Galathea , a Comedy  play’d  before  tlie  Queens 
Majefly  at  Greenwich , on  New-Tears  Day  at 
Night,  by  the  Children  of  Taul's  ; printed  120. 
Land.  1632.  In  the  Characters  of  Galathea  and 
Thillidia , the  Poet  has  copy ’d  the  Story  of  Iphis 
and  Jan  the,  which  the  Reader  may  find  at  large 
in  Ovid’s  \JMetamorphofis,  Lib.p.Cap.  1 a. 

Love's  Metamorphojis , a Witty  and  Courtly 
Pafloral,  firfl  play’d  by  the  Children  ofTaul's, 
and  now  by  the  Children  of  the  Chappel; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1601. 

iJMaid’s  Metamorphojis , a Comedy  , fundry 
times  acted  by  the  Children  of  Taul's  ; printed 
40.  Lond.  1600.  The  firfl  ACt  is  wholly  writ 
in  Verfe,  and  fo  is  the  greateft  part  of  the 
Play. 

rJMother  Bombie , a Pleafant  Coriceited  Co- 
medy, fimdry  times  play’d  by  the  Children  of 
Taul's  ; printed  12°.  1632. 

\jMydaSy  a Comedy;  play’d  before  the  Queens 
Majefty  upon  Twelfth-day  at  Night;  printed 
12°.  Lond.\6ii.  For  the  Story,  fee  Ovid’s  Me- 
tamorphojis, Lib.  1 1 . Fab.4.  Natalis  Comes , Lib. 
5).  Cap.i 5.  Galtruchius , Book  2.  Ch,y.  Apuleius 
has  writ  the  Story  at  large  in  his  Aureus  Aji- 
nus,  fyc. 

Sapho  and  Thao , a Comedy,  play’d  before  the 
Queens  Majefly  on  Shrove-Tuejday,  by  her  Ma- 
kefiles Children, and  the  Children  of  Taul’s , and 
afterwards  at  the  Black-fryars  ; printed  120. 
Lond.  1 <53 2.  This  Story  the  Reader  may  learn 
from  Ovid’s  Epiftle  o\  Sapho,  to  Thaon}  Ep.21. 

m- 


j/t®  & count  of  the 

}V man  in  the  Moon,  a Comedy,  prefented  be- 
fore Her  Highnefs,  printed  40.  Land.  1667. 

Six  of  thefe  Plays,  viz.  Alexander  and  Cam- 
paj'pe , Endymion,  Galathea , Mother  Bombie , My- 
das,  Sapho  and  P hao,  are  printed  together, under 
the  Title  of  Six  Court  Comedies,  1 2°.  Lond. 
163  2. and  dedicated  by  the  above  mention’d  Mr. 
Blount , to  the  Right  Honourable  Richard  Burn- 
ley, Vifcount  Lumley  of  W iter  ford.  The  other 
three  are  printed  Angle  in  40.  By  which  it 
appears  how  much  Mr. Philips  (m)  and  hisTran- 
fcriber  Mr.  Win/lanky  (n)  are  miftaken,  in  af- 
firming, That  all  Mr.  Lilly’s  Plays  are  printed 
together  in  a Volume : Nor  are  they  lels  mifta- 
ken in  afcribing  to  him  a Play  call’d  Warning 
for  fair  Women , it  being  writ  by  an  Anonymous 
Author. 

I prefume  our  Author  may  have  other  Pieces 
in  print,  thoOI  have  not  been  fo  happy  to  fee 
them : Mr  .Blount  feems  to  mention  a Book  fti- 
led  Euphues , (o)  i Our  Nation  (fays  he)  are  in 
4 his  Debt  for  a new  Englifj  which  he  taught 
‘ them ; Euphues  and  his  England  began  firft, 
4 that  Language : All  our  Ladies  were  then  his 
‘Schoilars  ; and  that  Beauty  in  Court,  which 
‘could  not  Parley  Eupheifme , was  as  little  re- 
‘ garded,  ai-She  which  now  there,  fpeaks  not 
‘ French. 

Thomas  Lodge. 

A Podlor  of  Phyfick  in  the  Reign  of  Queen 
Elizabeth ; who  was  not  fo  entirely  devoted  to 

(rajl’ag.u  j.  Cn,  (o)  Efiftle  to  the  Reader. 

WEJcu- 


Dramatick  Poets.  33 1 

sMEfculapius,  but  that  during  his  Refidence  in 
the  Univerfity  of  Cambridge,  he  fometimes  fa- 
crificed  to  Apollo,  and  the  Nine  Sifters.  Mr. 
Thilips  fays  (?),  ‘That  he  was  One  of  the  Wri- 
ters of  thofe  pretty  old  Pafloral  . Songs  and 
‘ Madrigals,  which  were  very  much  the  Strain 
‘of  thofe  Times.  But  ’tis  not  in  Lyrick  Poe- 
try alone  that  he  exercis’d  his  Pen,  but  fome- 
times  he  exercis’d  it  in  Dramatick} ikewife,  in 
which  way  he  has  publifh  two  Pieces,  viz. 

Looking-Glafs  for  London  and  England,  a 
Tragi-comedy,  printed  40.  Lond.  15-98.  in  an 
old  Black-Letter.  In  this  Play  our  Author 
was  affiflec;  by  Mr.  Robert  Green,  of  whom  we 
have  given  an  Account  p.  241.  This  ‘Drama 
is  founded  op  Holy  Writ , being  the  Hiftory  of 
Jonas  and  the  Ninevites , form’d  into  a Play. 
I fuppofe  theychofe  this  Subject  in  Imitation 
of  others  who  had  writ  Dramas  on  Sacred  Sub- 
jects long  before  them ; as  Ezekiel,  a Jewifh 
Dramatick  Poet,  writ  the  Deliverance  of  the 
IJ'raelites  out  of  Egypt ; Gregory  Hazianzen,  or 
as  fome  fay,  ylpollinaris  of  Laodicea,  writ  the. 
Tragedy  of  Chrift' s Paflion : as  I learn  from 
the  Learned  Hojfius  (s).  To  thefe  I might  add 
Hugo  Grotius , 7 heodore  Beza,  Tetavius,  fyc.  all 
which  have  built  upon  the  Foundation  of  Sa- 
cred Hiftory. 

Wounds  of  Civil  War,  lively  fet  forth  in  the 
true  Tragedies  of  Marius  and  Silla,  publickly 
play’d  in  London,  by  the  Right  Honourable  the 
Lord  High  Admiral  his  Servants ; printed  40. 
Lond.  15-94.  For  the  Plot,  confult  Plutarch  in 
■ (l)  178.  (qj  Addend. Lib.  a Inft.  Pcec. 


the 


3 1 2 An  Account  of  the 

the  Lives  of  Marins  and  S'tlla  ; Velleius  Rater- 
culas,  Lib. 2.  Salujl.  de  Bello  Jugurth.  T.Liviusy 
Lib.65.  Brev.  Florus,  Lib.  3.  C.3.  Aurelius  Vt- 
Bor  ; EutropiuSyt&c. 

This  Author  (as  Mr.  JVinftanley  fays)  ( r)was 
an  Eminent  Writer  of  Pallor  al  Songs,  Odes, 
and  Madrigals ; of  which  he  cites  a pretty  Son- 
net, which  is  faid  to  be  of  his  Compofure : 
and  he  has  tranfcrib’d  another  in  praife  of  Ro- 
jalinde , out  of  his  Euphues’s  Golden-Legacy. 
This  Book  I never  faw;  and  know  nothing 
elfe  of  our  Author’s  W riting,  except  a Treatife 
of  the  Plague,  printed  40.  Lond.  1600.  As  to 
the  Plays  afcrib’d  to  him  by  Mr.  Philips  and 
Mr.  PVinjlanley , in  which  he  is  made  an  Aflb- 
ciate  with  Mr.  Robert  Green , I have  already 
•lhewed  their  miftake  in  the  Account  of  that 
Author,  to  which  I refer  the  Reader. 

Sir  William  Lower. 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft,  who  during  the  heat  of  our 
Civil  Wars,  took  San£tuary  in  Holland ’ where 
an  peace  and  privacy  he  enjoy’d  the  Society  of 
the  Mnfes.  He  was  a great  Admirer  of  the 
French  Poets , and  bellowed  fome  times  and 
pains  in  dreffing  fome  Plays  in  an  Englijh 
Garb : belides  what,  he  has  writ  himfelf  in  hxs 
Mother-Tongue.  So  that  we  are  obliged  to 
him  for.  fix  Plays,  viz. 

Amorous  Vhantafm , a Tragi-comedy  printed 
at  the  Hague  ia°.  idj-8.  and  dedicated  to  her 

Pag.  7*. 


Highnels 


Dramatick  Poets*  333 

Highnefs  If  he  Trincefs  Royal.  This  Play  is 
tranflated  from  the  French  of  M.  Quinault’s  Le 
Fantome  Amoureux , which  appear'd  with  fuc- 
cefs  on  the  French  Stage. 

Enchanted  Lovers , a Paftoral ; printed  at  the 
Hague  12.0. 1 6x8. 

Horatius,  a Roman  Tragedy;  printed  4®. 
Lond.  1 6$6.  This  Play  is  Tranflated  from  the 
French  of  Mr.  Corneille ; and  as  it  is  the  firfl: 
Verfion  we  had  of  that  Admirable  Play,  I think 
it  ought  to  be  excufed,  if  it  come  fliort  of  the 
Excellent  Tranflation  of  Mr.  Cotton,  and  the 
Incomparable  Orinda.  For  the  Story,  confult 
Livy,  Lib.  1.  Florus,  Lib.i.  C.3.  Dionyfius  Hal- 
UcarnaJJieus,  CaJJiodorus,  fyc. 

Noble  Ingratitude,  a Paftoral  Tragi-comedy, 
printed  at  the  Hague  n°.  i6y8.  and  dedicated 
to  Her  Majefly  the  Queen  of  Bohemia.  Our 
Author  is  fully  perfwaded,  that  this  (f)  Play  is 
in  the  Original  One  of  the  beft  Dramatick 
Pieces,  that  has  been  prefented  on  the  French 
Stage : and  undoubtedly  M.  ^mnault  is  an  Ex- 
cellent Poet,  notwithflanding  the  Raillery  of 
the  Sharp-witted  Boileau  (c). 

Sijepenfe  exprimer  un  Auteur  fans  default. 

La  Raijon  dit  Virgile,  la  Rime  Quinault. 

Thcenix  in  her  Flames,  a Tragedy, printed  4® 
Land.  1679.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Wor- 
fliipful,  his  moll  Honoured  Coufin,  Thomas 
Lower  Efquire.  This  Play  was  written  before 
our  Author  was  Knighted,  and  I take  it  to  be 
the  firfl  he  writ. 

/ fj  Bpjft.  Dedic.  ( ij  iau  a. 


$24  ^ccouni  °f  the 

PolyeuBes,  a Tragedy;  printed  40.  Lond. 
1 6yy.  For  the  true  Story,  confult  Coeffeteau 
Hift.  Rom.  Surius  de  Vitis  San  Bor  um.  As  to 
the  Incidents  of  the  Dream  of  Paulina,  the  Love 
of  Sever  us,  the  Effectual  Baptifm  of  PolyeuBes , 
the  Sacrifice  for  the  Emperours  Victory,  the 
Dignity  of  Felix,  the  Death  of  Nearchus,  the 
Converfion  of  Felix  and  Taulina , they  are  all  of 
them  the  Author’s  Invention. 

Three  of  thcre  Plays ; viz.  Amorous  Than- 
iafm , Enchanted  Lovers , Noble  Ingratitude , 
were  printed  together  at  the  Hague, during  the 
Author’s  Exile ; and  at  His  Majelty’s  Return, 
the  Remainder  of  the  Copies  were  purchas’d 
by  Mr .Kirktnan,  who  printed  new  Titles  in  the 
Year  -1661. 

Thomas  Lupon. 

I am  able  to  recover  nothing  of  this  Author* 
either  as  to  the  time  of  his-Birth,  the  Place 
where  he  liv’d,  or  any  thing  he  writ,  befides 
a Tragedy  mention’d  in  former  Catalogues, 
called 

All for  Money , which  I never  faw. 


M. 

Lewis  Machin. 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Martyr ; the  Author  of  a fin- 
gle  Play,  called 

Dumb  Knight , an  Hillorical  Comedy,  a&ed 

fun- 


Drxmatick  Poets.  3 5 $ 

fundry  times  by  the  Children  of  his  Ma jellies 
Revels ; printed  40.  Lond.  1 d 3 3 . Our  Author 
has  borrow’d  feveral  Incidents  from  Novels ; 
as  the  Story  of  Mariana,  her  Swearing  Prince 
Thilocles  to  be  Dumb,  Act  2.  is  borrow’d  from 
Bandellos  No  veils,  as  I have  read  the  Story, 
tranflated  by  Belle foreji  Tom.  1 . Nov.  1 3 . The 
fame  Incident  is  in  a Play,  called  The  §tueenf 
or  7~/6%  Excellency  of  her  Sex.  Alfonfos  Cuck- 
olding Prate  the  Oratour,  A£t  3.  and  the  latter 
appearing  before  the  Council,  and  pleading  in 
Stlfonjo's  Cloathes,  whilffc  he  is  brought  before 
the  King  in  the  Orator’s  Habit,  A£t  y.  is. bor- 
row’d ( as  I remember  ) from  another  of  Ban- 
dellds  Novels ; and  the  Englifli  Reader  may 
meet  with  the  fame  Story  in  The  Complaifant 
Companion , octavo  p.  24 6. 

John  Maxdwel. 

An  Ingenious  Perfon,  ftill  living  ( as  I fup- 
pofe)  in  London ; where  fome  time  ago  he  un- 
dertook the  Care  and  Tuition  of  young  Gentle- 
men, and  kept  a Private  School ; during  which 
Employment,  befides  fome  other  Performances, 
( with  which  he  has  obliged  the  World)  he  has 
borrow’d  fo  much  time  as  to  write  a Play, (tiled 

Loving  Enemies , a Comedy  a6ted  at  his 
Highneis  the  Duke  of  York’s  Theatre  ; print- 
ed 40.  Lond.  i<J8o.  and  dedicated  to  the  Ho  - 
nourable Charles  Fox  Efquire.  The  part  of 
Circumjlantio , feems  to  me  to  referable  the  Hu- 
mor of  Sir  Formal  Trifle ; efpecially  theDe- 
fcriptiotyof  the  Magpies  flicking  a Hen’s  Egg, 


3 $6  An  Account  of  the 

A6I4.  Sc.  I.  is  writ  much  after  the  fame  way 
with  that  of  the  Moufe  taken  in  a Trap,  See 
Virtuof ?,  Adi  3.  towards  the  End.  The  Epi- 
logue to  this  Play,  is  writ  by  Mr.  Shadvoell. 

Jafper  Main. 

A Perfon  of  Fame  and  Note,  as  well  for  Na- 
tural Parts,  as  acquired  Learning.  J^e  was 
Born  in  the  Reign  of  King  James  the  Full,  at 
Hatherleighj  &c.  His  Education  was  at  IVeft- 
tninjler  School ; from  whence  he  was  tranf- 
planted  to  Chriji-Church , and  admitted  Student 
AdD.  1624.  In  this  Colledge  he  gradually  ad- 
vanced in  the  Study  of  Arts  and  Sciences,  till 
lie  took  both  his  Degrees,  and  enter’d  into  holy 
Orders,  and  was  prefer’d  to  two  Livings,  both 
in  the  Gift  of  the  Colledge,  and  one  hard- 
by  Oxford.  About  this  time  the  Civil  Wars 
breaking  out,  and  the  Pious  King  being  forc’d 
by  wicked  Subjedls,  to  fly  for  fhelter  to  this 
Seat  of  the  Mufes : our  Author  was  made 
choice  of  amongfl  others  deputed  to  Preach 
before  His  Majefly.  Soon  after  which,  Mr. 
IVood  tells  us,  he  was  created  Dr.  of  Divinity, 
and  refided  in  Oxford  till  the  time  of  the  Mock 
Vifitation  lent  to  the  Univerfity,  when  he, 
amongfl  other  Worthies  eminent  for  their 
Loyalty,  was  eje£led  not  only  from  the  Col- 
ledge, but  both  his  Livings.  During  this  Storm, 
he  found  an  Afylum  in  the  Houfe  of  the  Right 
Honourable  the  Earl  of  Zfevonfhire,  where  for 
the  mofl  part  he  refided,  till  the  Happy  Return 
of  King  Charles  the  Second  to  his  Kingdomes ; 

at 


DramatickPoets.  337 

at  which  time,  he  was  hot  only  reftored  to  his 
Places,  but  made  Canon  of  Chrifl-church , and 
Arch -deacon  of  Chichejler  ; which  Preferments 
he  enjoy’d  to  his  Death.  Pie  was  a Perfon  of  a 
ready  and  facetious  Wit, and  yet  withal, a found. 
Orthodox  Preacher.  In  his  younger  years,  he 
was  very  much  addicted  to  Poetry,  in  which 
time  he  writ  two  Plays,  which  are  very  much 
efleem’d  by  the  generality  of  thole  who  de- 
light in  Dramatick  Poetry. 

Amorous  War  a Tragi-comedy,  printed  40 
Ox  on.  i6y8. 

City  Match,  a Comedy  ailed  before  the  King 
and  Queen  at  Whitehall,  and  afterwards  on  the 
Stage  at  Black-friars , with  general  Applaufe, 
and  printed  4°.  Oxon.  163-8.  Thefe  two  Plays, 
have  been  printed  in  Folio,  40.  and  80.  and  are 
bound  together. 

Belides  thefe  Dramatick  Pieces  our  Author 
writ  a Poem,  upon  the  Naval  Viilory  over  the 
'Dutch  by  the  Duke  of  York,  printed  x66y.  and 
added  fome  Dialogues  to  thofe  of  Lucian  tranf 
lated  by  Mr.  Francis  Hicks,  printed  Fol.  Lond. 
1638.  He  publifht  like  wife  many  ferious  Pieces, 
as  leveral  Sermons  in  40.  1646 — ■47— 72 — 62. 
A mo  n git  which,  none  was  fo  much  talkt  of’ 
as  that  concerning  falfe  Prophets.  It  was,  if  I 
miftake  not,  writ  againfl  by  Mr  .Francis  Cheynel, 
which  occafion’d our  Authors  Vindication  pub- 
lifht 1647.  He  writ  belides  , or 

The  Peoples  War  examined,  according  to 
the  Principles  of  Scripture  and  Reafon,  in 
anfwer  to  a Letter,  for  the  fatisfablion  of  a 
Perfon  of  Quality,  printed  4°.  —1647.  with 
Y feve- 


8 An  Account  of  the 

feveral  other  Pieces  which  I have  not  feen. 

He  Died  on  the  Sixth  day  of  December,  An. 

1 6nz.  and  was  Buried  in  Chrifl-Church  on  the 
North -fide  of  the  Quire : having  in  his  Will 
left  feveral  Bequefts  to  Pious  ules.  As  Fifty 
Pounds  to  the  Re-building  of  St  .Pauls  ; A Hun- 
dred Pounds  to  be  diftributed  by  the  Two  Vi- 
cars of  Cajjington  and  Tartan , for  the  ufe  of 
the  Poor  of  thole  Parilhes,  with many  other 
Legacies : among!!  which  I cannot  forget  Oney 
which  has  frequently  occafion’d  Mirth  at  the 
relation.  He  had  a Servant  who  had  long  liv’d 
with  him,  to  whom  he  bequeath’d  a Trunk, 
and  in  it  Somewhat  (as  he  laid)  that  would  make 
him  Drink  after  his  Death.  The  Doctor  being 
dead  the  Trunk,  was  fpeedily  vifited  by  his  i 
Servant  with  mighty  Expectation,  where  he 
found  this  promifing  Legacy  to  be  nothing  but  j 
a Red-Herring : So  that  it  may  be  laid  of  him, 
that  his  propenfity  to  innocent  Raillery  was  j 
lb  great,  that  it  kept  him  Company  even  after 
Death. 

Cofmo  Manuch. 

* 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King  \ 
Charles  the  Firft,  and  One  that  as  I fuppofe  ] 
took  up  Arms  for  his  Majefty,  under  the  Qua- 
lity of  a Major,  tho’  whether  of  Ho  rfe  or  Foot 
I am  ignorant.  Mr.  ThiUips  (a)  fuppofes  him 
an  Italian,  lliling  him  tJManuci  ; but  whateve  r 
his  Country  be,  lie  has  writ  Two  Plays  which 
Ihcw  him  well  vers’d  in  the  Englilh  Lan- 
guage ; viz. j 

(a)  /Made  ru  Poasy  p*  29. 

j 


Dramatick  Poets.  339 

Juft  General , aTragi-comedy  printed  quarto 
Lond.  165-0.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable James  Earl  of  Northampton , and  ffa- 
bella,  his  molt  Virtuous  Lady.  This  is  the  fiiifc 
Play  our  Author  writ,  and  which  was  intended 
for  the  Stage,  but  never  acted : not  that  it  is 
any  ways  contemptible ; and  therefore  the  Ma- 
jor did  not  forfeit  his  Modelty  when  he  laid 
of  it,  (*>) 

Jn  Jpite  of  Malice , venture  I dare  thus  far , 

Tack  not  a fury , and  TUf and  the  Bar. 

Loyal  Lover s,  a Tragi-comedy  printed  40. 
Lond.  165-2,.  In  this  Play  our  Author  lalhes 
the  old  Committee-men,  and  their  Informers, 
in  the  Perfons  of  Gripeman  and  Sodom , and  I 
believe  he  meant  to  expole  Hugh  Peters’s  Ad- 
venture with  the  Butcher’s  Wife  of  St.  Sepul- 
chers, with  his  Revenge  thereupon,  under  the 
Cha rafters  of  Phanaticus  and  Fly-hlow.  If  mv 
Conjecture  prove  true  I hope  no  fober  man  will 
be  angry,  that  Peters  Ihould  be  perfonated  on 
the  Stage,  who  himfelf  had  ridicul’d  others, 
when  he  afted  the  Clown’s  part  in  Shake - 
fpear's  Company  of  Comedians,  as  I have  read 
in  Dr.  Toungs  Relation  of  his  Life. 

If  it  be  conlider’d  that  our  Author’s  Mule 
i was  travefe  enCavileer  ; that  he  made  Writing 
his  Diverlion,  and  not  his  Bufinefs  ; that  what, 
he  writ  was  not  borrow’d  but  propria  Minerva , 
I hope  the  Criticks  will  allow  his  Plays  to  pals 
Muller  amonell  thofe  of  the  third  Rate. 


(b)  Prologue  to 'the 


uer 


Y 2, 


34°  An  Account  of  the 

Gervale  Markham. 

A Gentleman  who  flourilht  under  the  Reigns 
of  Queen  Elizabeth , King  James , and  King 
Charles  the  F irfl : for  the  later  of  whom  he  took 
up  Arms,  in  the  time  of  the  Rebellion:  being 
honour’d  by  His  Ma jelly  with  a Captain’s  Com- 
iniflion.  He  was  the  Son  of  Robert  Marhha?n 
of  Cot ham , in  the  County  of  Nottingham  Efq,; 
and  was  eminently  Famous  for  his  numerous 
Volumes  of  Husbandry,  and  Horfemanlhip : 
befides  what  he  has  writ  on  Rural  Recreations, 
and  Military  Difcipline.  He  underllood  the 
PraCtick  as  well  as  the  Theory  of  the  Art  of 
War : and  was  elleem'd  a good  Scholar,  and  an 
excellent  Lingmfl,  undemanding  perfectly  the 
French , Italian , and  Spatiifh  Languages,  from 
all  which  he  collected  Notes  of  Husbandry.  In 
the  enumeration  of  his  Works  the  Reader  will 
be  fatisfied  of  his  excellent  Parts  and  Abilities ; 
and  that  he  was  tarn  clMarti  quam  dMercurio , 
vers’d  in  the  Employments  of  War  and  Peace : 
and  One  piece  of  Dramatick  Poetry  which  he 
has  publifht,  will  (hew  that  he  Sacrific’d  to 
A polio,  and  the  c 3fufes,  as.  well  as  to  rjMars 
and  Valias . This  Play  is  extant  under  the 
Title  of 

Herod  and  Antipater , a Tragedy  printed  40. 
Lend.  1622,.  where,  or  when  this  Play  was 
a&ed  the  imperfection  of  my  Copy  hinders  my 
information.  For  the  Foundation  ’tis  built  on 
Hifiory.  See  Jofephus  Ant.  Jud.  Lib.  14,  iy, 
16,  & 17.  Torniel , Salian , Spondanus , Baronii 
Ann.  & c 


I 


Dramatic/:  Poets.  341 

I {hall  now  mention  his  Works,  and  firft 
thofe  which  treat  of  Horfemanfhip , which 
have  made  him  Famous  all  over  England.  Oi 
thefe  he  has  writ  A ‘Difcourfe  of  Horfemanfhip, 
printed  4°.  without  Date , and  dedicated  to 
Prince  Henry  Eldeft  Son  to  King  James  the 
Fait.  Cure  of  all  ‘Difeafes  incident  to  Horfes, 
40.  1610.  Englifj  Farriar,  40.  1649.  Majhr- 
piece , 40.  1667..  Faithful  Farriar , 8°.  1667. 
PerfeEl  Horjeman,  ix°.  1671.  For  Husbandry 
he  publifht  Liebaulf s Le  Maifon  Ruflique , or 
The  Country  Farm,  Fol.  Lond.  1616.  This 
Treatife  (which  was  at  firft  tranflated  by  Mr. 
Richard  Surflet , a Phyfitian)  our  Author  en- 
larg’d with  feveral  Auditions  from  the  French 
Books  of  Serves  and  Einet , the  Spanijh  of  Al~ 
biterio , and  the  Italian  of  Grilli , and  others. 
The  Art  of  Husbandry , firft  tranflated  from  the 
Latine  oi'Conr.Heresbachius , by  Barnahy  Googe , 
he  revis’d  and  augmented,  4.0.  1631.  He  writ 
befides,  Farewelto  Husbandry , 40.  idao. 

Wealth , wherein  is  compris’d  his  Coun- 
try Contentments,  printed  40.  1668.  To  this 
I may  add  Hungers  Prevention , or  his  yfr/  of 
Fowling , 8°.  His  Epitome,  12.0.  In  Mili- 
tary Difcipline,  he  has  publifht  The  Souldiers 
Accidence , Grammar , 40.  163^.  Befides 

thefe  the  fecond  part  of  the  Firft  Book  of 
Englijh  Arcadia  is  faid  to  be  writ  by  him : info- 
much  that  he  may  be  accounted  if  not  Unus  in 
Omnibus , at  leaft  a Benefactor  to  the  Publick, 
by  thofe  Works  he  left  behind  him,  which  will 
(without  doubt)  eternife  his  Memory. 

y i Chri- 


l 


342  An  Account  ofitfie 

Chriltopher  Marloe. 

An  Author  that  was  Cotemporary  with  the 
Incomparable  Shake] pear,  and  One  who  trod 
the  Stage  with  Applaule  both  from  Queen  E- 
lizabethy  and  King  James.  Nor  was  he  ac- 
counted a lefs  Excellent  Poet  by  the  Judicious 
Johnfon  : and  Heyvoood  his  Fellow  After,  lilies 
him,  the  Bell  of  Poets.  In  what  efteem  he  was 
m his  time  may  be  gathered  from  part  of  a 
Copy  of  Verfes  writ  in  that  Age,  call’d  a 
Cenjure  of  the  Toets , where  he  is  thus  Cha- 
rafteriz’d. 


fifext  Marlo  w bathed  in  the  Thefpian  Springs^ 
Had  m him  thofe  brave  Sublunary  things  y 
That  your  Fir ft -Toets  had ; his  Raptures  were  j 
All  Air  and  Fire , which  made  his  F ? rfes  clear ; 
For  that  fine  AladneJ's fill  he  did  retain , 

Which  rightly  Jhould poffef  r a Toet's  Brain. 


His  Genius  inclin’d  him  wholly  to  Tragedy, 
and  he  has  obliged  the  world  with  Seven  Plays 
of  this  kind,  of  his  own  Compofure,  befides 
One,  in  which  he  join’d  with  JVafh,  call’d  "Dido 
Queen  of  Carthage , which  I never  law.  Of  the 
others  take  the  following  Account. 

cDr.  Fauflus  his  Tragical  Hfiory,  printed  4". 
Land.  1661.  There  is  an  old  Edition  which  1 
never  faw,  but  this  is  printed  with  new  Addi- 
tions of  feveral  Scenes.  The  Plot,  or  the 
Foundation  of  this  Play,  may  be  read  in  feveral 
Authors,  as  Camerarei  Hot\  Subcifiv.  Cent.  1, 
Wierps  de  Tryfiigiis  7)tfmonum}  Lib.  a.  Cap.  4, 
/..cm cents, 


Dramatkk  Poets.  34$ 

Edward the  Second. \ a Tragedy  printed  4°. 

Lond. I know  not  the  Date,  or  the  Stage 

where  this  Play  was  a£ted,  thro’  the  defeat  of 
my  Title-page.  For  the  Plot  confult  the  Hi- 
ftorians , that  have  writ  on  thofe  Times,  as 
Ranulphus  Higden , Walfingham,  fltath:  Wefi- 
minjler.  Efpecially  thofe  that  have  more  par* 
ticularly  writ  his  Life,  as  Thomas  de  la  More. 
Sr.  Fr.  Hubert , &c. 

Jew  of  Malta,  a Tragedy  play’d  before  the 
King  and  Queen,  in  her  Majefties  Theatre,  at 
Whitehall,  and  by  her  Majefties  Servants  at  the 
Cockpit,  printed  40.  Lond.  1633.  (after  the 
Author’s  Deceafe)  and  dedicated  (by  Mr.  Tho- 
mas Heywood  the  Publifher)  To  his  Worthy 
Friend  Mr.  Thomas  Mammon  of  Grcy’s-Inn. 
This  Play  was  in  much  efleem,  in  thofe  days 
the  Jew’s  Part  being  play’d  by  Mr.  Edward  Al- 
len, that  Ornament  both  to  Black-friars  Stage, 
and  to  his  Profeflion ; to  the  One  on  Account  of 
of  his  excellent  Action,  to  the  Other  of  his 
exemplary  Piety  in  founding  Dulwich  Hofpital 
in  Surrey.  What  Opinion  Mr.  Heywood  had 
of  the  Author  and  A£lor,  may  be  feen  by  the 
beginning  of  his  Prologue  fpoke  at  the  Cock-pit. 

We  knm  not  how  our  Play  may  pafs  this  Stage ? 
But  by  the  bejlof  Poets  * in  that  Age 
The  Malta  Jew  had  being,  and  was  made : 
And  He,  then  by  the  beB  of  * AElors  play  d : 

In  Hero  and  Leander,  (c)  on$  did  gain 
A lafting  Memory : in  Tamberlain, 

* Mar  he,  * Mien,  (c)  A Poen'. 

Y 4 


This 


344  An  Account  of  the 

This  Jew,  with  others  many  : th’  other  wan 

The  Attribute  ofpeerlefs  ; being  a Man 

Whom  we  may  rank  with  ( doing  no  one  wrong ) 

Proteus  for  Shapes , and  Rofcius  for  a Tongue, 

Lift's  Dominion , or  The  Lafcivious  Queen,  a 
Tragedy  publifht  byblr. Rirkman  8j.Lond.i66i. 
and  dedicated  to  his  worthily  honour’d  Friend 
William  Carpenter  Efquire.  This  Play  was  al- 
ter’d by  Mrs.  Behn , and  ailed  under  the  Title 
of  Abdelazer,  or  The  Moors  Revenge. 

GMaJJ'acre  of  Paris,  with  the  Death  of  the 
Duke  of  Guife ; a Tragedy,  play’d  by  the  Right 
Honourable  the  Lord  Admiral’s  Servants, print- 
ed oilavo  Lond. This  Play  is  not  divided 

into  Ails ; it  begins  with  that  fatal  Marriage 
between  the  King  of  Navarre  and  Marguerite 
de  Valois , Siller  to  King  Charles  the  Ninth,  the 
Occafion  of  the  Maflacre  f and  ends  with  the 
Death  of  Lfenry  the  Third  of  France.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  the  Writers  of  thofe  times,  in  the 
Reigns  of  thefe  two  Kings,  Ch.  IX.  and  Henry 
III.  ThuanuSyDavilatf. Tierre Matthieu,Dupleix , 
, Mezeray , fyc. 

Tamburlain  the  Great,  or  The  Scythian  Shep- 
herd, a Tragedy  in  two  parts;  fundry  times 
ailed  by  the  Lord  Admiral’s  Servants,  printed 
in  an  old  Black-Letter  oilavo  Lond.  iyp j.  Had 
I not  Mr.  Heywood's  Word  for  it,  In  the  fore- 
mention’d  Prologue,  1 fhould  not  believe  this 
Play  to  be  h is ; it  being  true,  wjtat  an  ingenious 
Author  faid  (d),  That  whoever  was  the  Author, 
he  might  tv  u keep  it  t<j  kmfelf  fee  we from  Tla~ 

(d)  Sander’s  Preface  tv  TimttUne* 


Dramatick  Poets.  345 

gtary.  For  the  Story,  fee  thofe  that  have  writ 
his  Life  in  particular,  as  Tietro  Terondinf  M. 
St.  Sanflyon,  Z )u  Bee , dye.  and  thofe  that  have 
treated  of  the  Affairs  of  Turks  and  Tartars  in 
general,  in  the  Reigns  of  Bajazet  and  Tamer- 
lane■,  as  Laonicus , Chalcocondylas , Bet.  Bizarus , 
Knolles , fyc. 

He  writ  befides  a Poem,  call’d  Hero  and Le- 
ander ; Whof  mighty  Lines  ( fays  One  (e))  Mr. 
Benjamin  Johnfon,  a Man  fenjible  enough  of  his 
own  Abilities , was  often  heard  to  fay , that  they 
were  Examples  fitter  for  Admiration , than  Pa- 
ralel.  This  Poem  being  left  imperfect  by  our 
our  Author,  who  (according  to  Mr.  Philifis 
In  fome  riotous  Fray , came  to  an  untimely  and 
violent  End  ; it  was  fnijhed  by  Mr.  Chapman, 
and printed  oSiavo  Lond.  1606. 

Shakerley  Marmion. 

A Gentleman  born  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft,  at  Ainoe , ( in  Sutton  Hun- 
dred) in  the  County  of  Northamptonfiloowx.  the 
beginning  of  January  A.  D.  160 a.  He  was 
bred  up  at  Thame- School,  in  Oxfordfhire , and 
at  fifteen  Years  of  Age  was  fent  to  the  Univer- 
fity  of  Oxford ’ where  he  became  a Member  of 
Wadham  Colledge,  and  in  1624.  he  took  his 
Mailer  of  Arts  Degree.  What  further  became 
of  him,  I know  not,  all  that  I am  able  to  in- 
form the  Reader,  is,  that  he  was  the  Author 
of  three  Comedies,  which  have  formerly  been 
well  approv’d,  viz. 

(e)  Bofworth’t  I’o.ems,  Prcf.  (f)  Modern  Petty  p.  24. 

Anti - 


An  Account  of  the 

Antiquary , a Comedy,  a£led  by  her  Majeilies 
Servants  at  the  Cock-pit,  and  printed  quarto 
Lmd.  1641.  Aurelias  declaring  his  Marriage 
to  the  Duke  and  Leonardo , from  Lucretia' s 
Lodging,  where  he  got  in  by  her  Maid’s  Afli- 
ffanee,  is  an  Incident  (as  1 have  already  fhew’d) 
in  feveral  Plays. 

Fine  Companion,  a Comedy  acted  before  the 
King  and  Queen  at  Whitehall , and  fundry  times 
with  great  applaufe  at  the  Private  Houfe  in 
Salisbury -court,  by  the  Prince’s  Servants ; print- 
ed quarto  Lond.  i6n. and  dedicated  to  the  truly 
Noble,  and  his  worthy  Kinfman  in  all  refpe£ls. 
Sir  Ralph  ‘Dutton.  The  Reader  will  find  that 
Captain  Torpufi , in  Sir  Barnaby  Whig , is  behold- 
ing to  Captain  Whibble  in  his  Play,  for  fome 
of  his  Expreflions. 

Holland's  Leaguer , an  Excellent  Comedy, 
often  afted  with  great  Applaufe,  by  the  High 
and  Mighty  Prince  Charles  his  Servants,  at  the 
Private  Houle  in  Salisbury-court, printed  quarto 
Lond.  1632..  The  Author  in  this  Play  has  fhew-  i 
ed'his  Reading,  haying  borrow’d  feveral  things 
from  Juvenal,  Tetronius  Arbyter , <fcyc. 

Mr.  Winfianley  has  made  no  mention  of  our  ' 
Author,  and  Mr.  T hi lips  ( s)  to  prove  his  Cha- 
racter of  him,  that  he  is  not  an  Obfcure  or  Un- 
copious  Writer  of  Englifl}  Comedy,  has  afcrib’d 
two  Comedies  to  him,  which  belong  to  other  j 
Men;  the  Fleire  being  writ  by  Edward  Sharp-  ' 
ham,  and  the  Fair  Maid  of  the  Exchange  ^ if  1 
we  may  believe  Kirktnan's  Account ) by  Tho- 
mas Hey  wood. 

(g)  Midtri  Ptfff.v  p.  170. 


Dramathk  Poets. 


347 


John  Marston. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
James  the  Firft,  who  was  a Contributor  to  the 
Stage  in  his  Time,  by  Eight  Plays  which  were 
approv’d  by  the  Audience  at  the  Black-fry arsy 
and  one  of  them,  viz.  'Dutch  Curtezany\jx s fome 
few  Years  fince,  reviv’d  with  fuccefs  on  the 
prelent  Stage,  under  the  Title  of  The  Revenge ? 
or  The  Match  in  Mew-gate. 

The  place  of  our  Author’s  Birth,  and  Fa- 
mily, are  to  me  unknown,  neither  can  I reco- 
ver other  Information  of  him,  than  what 
I learnt  from  the  Teftimony  of  his  Book- 
feller  ( h)y  ( That  he  was  free  from  all  Obfoene 
‘ Speeches,  which  is  the  chief  caufe  that  makes 
£ Plays  to  be  fo  odious  unto  ntoft  Men.  That  he 
£ abhorr’d  fuch  Writers  and  their  Works, 
£and  profefl  himfelf  an  Enemy  to  all  fuch  as 
‘ilufft  their  Scenes  with  Ribaldry,  and  larded 
£ their  Lines  with  Scurrilous  Taunts  and  Jeffs : 
£So  that  whatfoever  even  in  the  Spring  of  his 
‘ Years,  he  prefented  upon  the  private  and  pub- 
‘lick  Theatre,  in  his  Autumn  and  Declining 
f Age  he  needed  not  to  be  alham’d  of.  An  Ex- 
cellent Character ! and  fit  for  the  Imitation  of 
our  Dramatifts ; moft  of  whom  would  be 
thought  to  have. throughly  ffudyed  Horace:  I 
could  with  therefore,  that  they  which  know 
him  fo  well,  would  call  to  Mind  and  pra&ice 
Jiis  Advice ; which  is  thus  exprefl  ('), 


00  Ep.Dtd,  to  his  Plays,  8o.  (ij  DeJrte  Psetica, 

Silvis 


3 48  An  Account  of  the 

\ 

Silvis  deduSli  cave  ant,  me judice1  Family  - — 

Ne  nimiu  teneres juvenentur  verjibus  unquatn, 

Aut  itnmunda  crepent , ignominiojaq;  dicta. 

Ojfenduntur  enim  q tub  us  eji  equus,  fy  pater 
fy  res. 

But  leaving  this,  I fhall  give  the  Reader  an 
Account  of  his  Plays  in  their  Accuitom’d 
Order:  having  firft  inform’d  him,  that  fix 
of  our  Author’s  Plays  are  collected  into  one  Vo- 
lume, being  publifht  under  the  Title -of  The 
Works  of  Mr.  John  Marjlon , printed  oilavo 
Lond.  1 633.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honou- 
rable, the  Lady  Elizabeth  Carie , Vifcountefs 
Faulkland.  According  to  the  Alphabet,  I am 
to  begin  with,  viz. 

Antonio  and  Melida,  a Hiflory  ailed  by  the 
Children  of  Taul's , printed  octavo  Lond.  1633. 

Antonio's  Revenge , or  The  Second  part  of  An- 
tonio tfWMelida ; frequently  ailed  by  the  Chil- 
dren of  Taul's , printed  in  oilavo.  Thefe  two 

Plays  were  likewife  printed  in  quarto  above 
30  Years  before  this  new  Edition,  viz.  1602. 

Dutch  Curtezan?  a Comedy  divers  times  pre- 
fented  at  the  Black  fry  ars,  by  the  Children  of 
the  Queens  Majeflies  Revels;  printed  in  oilavo 
Lond.  163  3.  This  Play  was  publifht  long  be- 
fore in  quarto  viz.  i6oy.  Cockle demoy'%  cheat- 
ing Mrs.  Muttigrub  the  Vintner's  Wife,  of  the 
Goblet  and  the  Salmon, is  borrow’d  from  an  old 
French  Book  called  Les  Contes  du  Monde : fee 
the  fame  Story  in  Englijh , in  a Book  of  Novels, 
call’d  The  Talace  of  T leaj ure,  in  the  lafl  Novel. 

Infatiate  Cotmiejl , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 

White* 


Dramatick  Poets.  349 

White-fry ars,  printed  quarto  Lond.  160%.  It 
being  a common  cuftom  with  our  Author  to 
difguife  his  Story,  and  to  perfonate  real  Per- 
fons, under  feign’d  Charailers  : I am  perfwaded 
that  in  this  Play,  under  the  Title  of  Ifabella , 
the  Infatiable  Countels  of  Suevia  ; he  meant 
Joane  the  Firft  Queen  of  Jerufalem,  Naples ,z.w.A. 
Sicily : and  I doubt  not  but  the  Reader  who  will 
compare  the  Play  with  the  Hiftory,  will  aflent 
to  my  conje&ure.  Many  are  the  Writers  that 
have  related  her  Life,  as  Colle-iuccio , Simmo- 
neta,  Villani,  Montius,  <(yc.  but  I refer  my  En- 
glifh  Reader  to  Dr.  Fullers  Trophane  State  Gh, 
2.  That  her  Life  has  been  the  Subject  not  on- 
ly of  Hiftory,  but  of  Poetry  and  Novels  alfo,  is 
manifeft  from  this  Play,  and  the  Novels  of 
Bandello,  who  has  related  her  Story  under  the 
Title  of  The  Inordinate  Life  of  the  Count efi  of 
Celant.  This  Novel  is  tranflated  into  French 
by  Belief  or eft,  Tom.  2.  Nov.  20.  and  polfibly 
our  Author  might  build  his  Play  on  this 
Foundation.  The  like  Story  is  related  in  God’s 
Revenge  againji  Adultery , under  the  Name  of 
Anne  of  Werdenberg,  Dutchefs  of  Ultne  : See 
Hilt.  $. 

CMale  Content , a Tragicomedy,  the  fir  ft  De- 
fign  being  laid  by  Mr.  Webjler , was  corrected 
and  augmented  by  our  Author, printed  40.  Lond. 
1604.  and  dedicated  in  the  following  Stile  to 
Ben  johnfon : Benjamini  Johnfonio,  Voeta  FJe- 
gantifftmo,  Grayijjimo,  Amico  J'uo  candido  & cor- 
dato,  Johannes  MarJlon,Mufanm  Alumnus, ajpe~ 
ram  hanc  j'uam  Thaliam  ID.  CD.  Notwithstand- 
ing-our.  Authors  profelfion  of  Friendlhip,  he 

after- 


o -An  Account  of  the 

afterwards  could  not  refrain  from  reflecting 
on  Mr.  JohnJ'on , on  Account  of  his  Sefltftus,  and 
Catiline , as  the  Reader  will  find  in  the  perufal 
of  his  Epiftle  to  Sophonisba : ‘Know  (fays  he) 

‘ that  I have  not  labour’d  in  this  Poem  to  re-  ] 
‘late  any  thing  as  an  Hrftorian,  but  to  enlarge 
‘every  thing  as  a Poet.  To  tranfcribe  Au- 
thors, quote  Authorities,  andtranflate  Latin 
‘ Profe  Orations  into  Englifh  Blank- Verle,  harh 
‘in  this  Subject  been  the  leaf!  aim  of  my  Stu- 
‘dies.  That  Mr.  JohnJ'on  is  here  meant,  will  I 
prefume  be  evident  to  any  that  are  acquainted  i 
with  his  Works,  and  will  compare  the  Ora- 
tions in  Saluji,  with  thofe  in  Catiline.  On  what 
provocations  our  Author  thus  cenfured  his 
Friend  I know  not,  but  this  Cuftorn  has  been 
practic’d  in  all  Ages  ; the  Old  Proverb  being 
verify ’d  in  Poets  as  well  as  Whores,  Two  of  a 
Trade  can  never  agree . ’Tis  within  the  Me- 
mory of  Man,  that  a Play  has  been  dedicated 
to  the  late  witty  Earl  of  Rochefter , and  an  Effay 
upon  Satyr  from  the  lame  Hand  has  befpatter’d 
his  Reputation : So  true  it  is  that  fome  Poets 

Are  Jlill prepar'd  to  praij'e  or  to  abhor  us , 

Satyr  they  have  and  Tanegyrickfor  us. 

But  begging  pardon  for  this  Digreflion,  I re- 
turn to  the  Play,  which  I take  to  be  an  honefl: 
general  Satyr,  and  not  (as  fome  malicious  Ene- 
mies endeavour’d  to  perfwade  the  World)  de- 
lign’d  to  llrikc  at  any  particular  Perfons. 

Tarafitafter , or  The  Fawn , a Comedy  divers 
times  prefented  at  the  Black-fry ars  by  the  Chil- 
dren of  the  Queens  Ma jellies  Revels ; printed 

8°. 


Drama  tick  Poets:  3 <5* 

80.  Lend.  1633.  This  Play  was  formerly  print- 
ed  in  quarto  x 606.  The  Plot  of  Dulcitne!  her 
cozening  the  Duke  by  a pretended  Difcoveri/ 
of  Tiberios  Love  to  her,  is  borrow’d  from  Box- 
wee’s  Novels,  Day  3.  Nov.  3.  This  Novel  vs 
made  ufe  of  as  an  Incident  in  feveral  other 
Plays,  as  Floras  Vagaries , Souldiers  Fortune ; 
and  JVymphadords  Humour  of  Loving  the 
whole ‘Sex,  A&.  3.  Sc.  1.  is  copy’d  from  Ovids 
Amor.  Lib.  2.  Eleg.  4. 

IV hat  you  will,  a Comedy  printed  8<-.  Lend, 
1633.  Franc  if cds ' zany  in  g Jt hePe  r fon  and  Hu- 
mour of  Albano , is  an  incidentinfeveral Pky.«, 
as  Mr.  Cowley  s Guardian , Albumazer,  dye.  ,iho* 
I prefume  the  Defign  was  fir  ft  copy’d  Iron? 
“Plautus  his  Amphitruo.  This  I take  to  be  one 
of  our  Authors  bell:  Plays. 

JVonder  of  FVomen,  or  Sophonisba  her  Tra- 
gedy, fundry  times  a&ed  at  the  B lack-fry ars^ 
and  printed  in  So.  Lend.  1633.  This  Play  is 
founded  onHifiory  \ fee  Livy, Dec.  3.  Lib.  10- 
Corn.  Nepos  in  Vit.  Annibal.  Polibius,  Appian , 
Orofius.  The  Englifh  Reader  may  read  this-Sto- 
rylively  deferib’d  by  the  Judicious  Sir  JV.  Rave- 
leigh , in  his  Hiflory  of  the  World \ Book' they. 

Mr.  Phillips  (k),  and  Mr.  JVmJlauley  (l)  have 
created  him  the  Author  of  a Play  call’d  The 
Faithful  Shepherd,  which  I am  confident-is  none 
of  his ; and  have  omitted  his  Satyrs,  which 
render’d  him  more  eminent  than  his  Drama- 
tick  Poetry.  The  Title  is  The  Scourge  of  Vil- 
lany,  in  three  Boqks  of  Satyrs,  printed  in  8c. 
-Lend.  1^98.  Mr.  y above-mention’d, 

ifc;  Modern  t'seis,  p,  it  j.  {L  Hapifft  lJarwtj:i> ,'pi 

in 


352  An  Account  of  the 

in  the  Account  of  'Daniel  and  Johnfon , writ  in 
theirComraendation  the  followingHexaftick(“), 

Ad  Johannem  Marftonem. 

Gloria  Marftoni  Satyr  arum  proxima  prima, 
Trimaque , fas  primas  fi  numerare  duas  ; 

Sin  primam  duphcare  nefas , tua  gloria  faltem 
Marftoni  primte  proxima  femper  eri. 

Nec  te  p<eniteatJlationis,  Jane : J'ecundus , 

Cit  duo  fint  tantkmyjl  neuter  ; at  ambo pares. 

John  Mason. 

I can  give  the  Reader  no  Account  of  this 
Author,  further,  than  he  was  a Mafter  of  Arts 
in  the  time  of  King  James  the  Fir  ft,  about  the 
middle  of  whofe  Reign  he  publifht  a Play  ftil’d, 

Muleajfes  the  Turk,  a Worthy  Tragedy,  di- 
vers times  ailed  by  the  Children  of  his  Maje- 
fties  Revels,  printed^.  Lond.  i6to.  Whether 
this  Play  deferv’d  the  Title  of  Worthy , Ilhall 
not  determine : but  that  the  Author  had  a good 
Opinion  ofit,  feems  apparent  from  his  Lemma 
in  the  Title-page,  borrow’d  from  Horace  ; 

Same fuperbiam  qua; fit  am  mentis. 

Philip  Massinger. 

This  Author  was  Born  at  Salisbury , in  the  .■ 
Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Firft ; being  Son  to 
Thilip  MaJJinger , a Gentleman  belonging  to  the 
Earl  of  ^Montgomery , in  whofe  fervice  after 
having  fpent  many  years  happily,  he  Died.  He 

(mj  Affaniarum,  Lib . 2. 

be- 


Dramatick  Poets.  3$% 

heffcow’d  a liberal  Education  on  our  Author, 
fending  him  to  the  Univerfity  of  Oxford, ’ ac 
Eighteen  years  of  Age  viz.  1607..  where  he 
clofely  purfued  his  Studies  in  Alb  an- Hall,  for 
Three  or  Four  years'  fpace.  How  he  fpent  his 
Life  afterwards  1 know  not : but  ’tis  evident 
that  he  dedicated  a great  part  of  his  Studies 
to  Poetry,  from  feveral  Plays  Which  he  has 
publifht,  and  which1  were  highly  efteem’d  of 
by  the  Wits  of  thole  times,  for  the  purity  of 
Stile,  and  the  Oeconomy  of  their  Plots;  for 
which  Excellency  he  is  thus  commended  by 
an  old  P^et : 

Ingenious  Shakefpear,  Maffinger,  that  knows 

The  Strength  of  Hot, to  mite  inHerfeyindHofe; 

Whofe  Eajy  Pegafus  will  ramble  o’re 

Some  Threefcore  Miles  of  Fancy  in  an  Hour. 

He  wasextrearaly  belov’d  by  the  Poets  of  that 
Age,  and  there  were  few  but  what  took  it  as 
an  Honour  to  club  with  him  in  a Play:  wit- 
nefs  Middleton , Rowley,  Field,  and  Decker:*  all 
which  join’d  with  him  in  feveral  Labours. 
Nay,  further  to  fhew  his  Excellency,  the  in- 
genious Fletcher,  took  him  in  as  a Partner  in 
feveral  Plays,  as  I have  already  hinted,/).  217. 
He  was  a Man  of  much  Modefty  and  extraor- 
dinary Parts*  and  were  it  not  that  I fear  to 
draw  Envy  on  our  Poets  Memory,  I could  pro- 
duce feveral  Teftimonials  in  confirmation  of 
this  truth:  however  I will  give  the  Reader 
one  Irillance  for  many,  being  the  Teftimony  of 
a Worthy  Gentleman,  Sir  Thomas  Jay : 


7, 


Tou 


354  An  Account  of  the 

Tou  may  remember  y hove  you  chid  me , when 
Jrankf  you  equal  with  thofe  glorious  Men 
Beaumont  andFletcher : if  you  love  not  praije , 
Tou  mujl  forbear  the  publifbing  of  Plays. 

The  crafty  Mazes  of  the  cunning  Plot  ; 

The  pohjht  Phrafe  ; the  fweet  Exprejjlons , got 
Neither  by  theft , nor  violence  ; The  Conceipt 
FreJhj  and  unjullied ; AU  is  of  weight , 

Able  to  make  the  Captive  Reader  know, 

I did  but  Jifiice,  when  I plac  d you  fo. 

Our  Author  has  publilht  Fourteen  Plays  of 
his  own  Writing,  befides  thole  in  which  he 
ioin’d  with  other  Poets.  We  fhall  begin  with 
a Play  call’d 

Bajhful  Lover j a Tragi-comedy  often  ailed 
at  the  private  Houfe  in  Black-friarsy  by  His 
Majellies  Servants,  with  great  Applaufe,  prin- 
ted 8°.  1 6s S' 

Bondman , an  ancient  Story,  often  ailed  with 
good  allowance  at  the  Cockfpit  in  T)rury-lane , 
by  the  moll  Excellent  Princels  the  Lady  Eliza- 
beth her  Servants,  printed  40.  Lond.  1638.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  and  his 
Singular  good  Lord  ‘Philip  Earl  of  Montgomery. 
The  Plot  of  the  Slaves  being  leduc’d  to  Rebel- 
lion by  Pifander , and  reduc’d  by  Timoleony  and 
their  night  at  the  fight  of  the  Whips ; is  bor- 
row’d from  the  Story  of  the  Scythian  Slaves  Re- 
bellion againll  their  Mallers.See  Juflin  L. i.C.y. 

City  tjMadam,  a Comedy  ailed  at  the  private 
Houfe  in  Black  friars  with  great  Applaufe, 
printed  4 p.  Lond.  165-9.  for  Andrew  Penny- 
euicke,  One  of  theAilors,  and  dedicated  by  him 

to 


Dramatick  Poets.  $ 5 <5 

to  tlie  truly  Noble  and  Virtuous  Lady,  Anne, 
Countefs  of  Oxford.  This  is  an  Excellent 
old  Play. 

Duh  of  Mi  Hairy  a Tragedy  printed  in  4Q. 
tho  when,  or  where  adted  ! know  not,  my  Copy 
being  imperfect  As  to  the  Plot,  I fuppole 
Sforzds  giving  orders  to  his  Favourite  Fran- 
eifeo, to  murther  his  beloved  Wife  the  Dutchefs 
Marcelia , was  borrow’d  from  the  Hiftory  of 
Herod,  who  on  the  like  occafion  left  orders 
with  his  Uncle  Jofeph  input  his  beloved  Ma- 
riamne  to  Death ; as  the  Reader  may  fee  in 
Jofephus , Lib.  1$.  Cap.  4. 

Emperor  of  the  Raft,  a T ragi-cotriedy  divers 
times  a died  at  the  B lack-friar  s , and  Globe  Play- 
houfes,  by  the  King’s  Majeflies  Servants,  prin- 
ted 40.  Lond.  1 6$z.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Honourable,  and  his  very  good  Lord,  John  Lord 
Mohune , Baron  of  Oke-hampton.  This  Play  is 
commended  by  three  Copies  of  Verfes,  One  of 
which  was  writ  by  Sir  Afton  Cochain.  For  the 
Play,  ’tis  founded  on  the  Hiftory  of  Theodo/ius 
the  Younger.  See  Socrates  L.  7.  Theodoretf.y. 
Nicephorus  L.  14.  Baronins , Godeau , &c. 

Fatal  Dowry,  a Tragedy  often  adted  at  the 
private  Houfe  in  Black-friars,  by  His  Majeflies 
Servants,  printed  op.  Lond.  163a.  This  Play 
was  writ  by  our  Author  and  Mr.  Nathaniel 
Field  (of  whom  I have  already  fpoken).  The 
behaviour  of  Charalois  in  voluntarily  choofing 
imprifonment  to  ranfom  his  Fathers  Corps, 
that  it  might  receive  Funeral  Rights:  is  co- 
pied from  the  Athenian  Cymon,  that  admirable 
Example  of  Piety  fo  much  celebrated  by  Vale- 
7.  z t ins 


2 $6  An  Account  of  the 

rius  Maximus , Lib.  5.  C.4.  Ex.p.  ‘Plutarch  and 
Cornelius  Nepos  notwithllanding  make  it  a 
forc’d  Action,  and  not  voluntary. 

Guardian , a Comical  Hiftory  often  ailed  at 
the  private  Houle  in  Black-fryars  by  his  late 
Majelties  Servants,  with  great  Applaule,  prin- 
ted 80.  Lond.  i6yy.  Severino’s  cutting  off  Ca- 
lf pfo's  Nole  in  the  dark,  taking  her  for  his 
Wife  Jolantre , is  borrow’d  from  the  Cimerian 
tjMatron  a Romance  8°.  the  like  Story  is  rela- 
ted in  Boccace  Day  8.  Nov.  7. 

Great  Duke  of  Florence , a Comical  Hillory 
often  prefented  with  good  allowance  by  her 
Majelties  Servants  at  the  Phoenix  in  Drury-lane, 
printed  40.  Lond.  163d.  and  dedicated  to  the 
truly  Honoured  and  his  noble  Favourer,  Sir 
Robert  Wifeman  of  Thorrels-Hall  in  EJfex. 
This  Play  is  commended  by  two  Copies  of 
Verfes,  One  of  which  was  writ  by  Mr.  John 
Ford,  of  whom  we  have  already  fpoken p.  2ip. 
The  falfe  Character  given  the  Duke  of  the 
Beauty  of  Lidia , by  Sanafarro , relembles  the 
Story  of  King  Edgar  and  Duke  Ethelwolph  in 
his  Account  of  the  Perfe<5lions  of  Alphreda. 
As  the  Reader  may  find  the  Story  related  in  our 
Englifh  Chronicles  that  have  writ  the  Reign 
of  Edgar , as  Speed \ Stow , Baker,  &c. 

Maid  of  Honour , a Tragi-comedy  often  pre- 
fented with  good  allowance,  at  the  Phoenix  in 
Drury-lane , by  the  Queen’s  Ma  jellies  Servants, 
printed 40.  Lond.  1632.  and  dedicated  to  his 
moll  Honoured  Friends,  Sir  Francis  Foliambe , 
and  Sir  Thomas  Bland.  A Copy  of  Verfes  is 
prefixt  to  the  Play,  writ  by  Sir  Aft  on  Cokain. 

New 


Dramatic k Posts,  J57 

New  way  to  pay  Old ' 'Debts , a Comedy  often 
ailed  at  the  Vhcentx  in  Drury -lane,  by  the 
Queens  Majeflies  Servants,  printed  40.  Lond. 
1 633.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
Robert  Earl  of  Carmrvan.  This  Play  is  de- 
servedly commended  by  the  Pens  of  Sir  Henry 
Moody , and  Sir  Thomas  Jay , above-mention 'd. 

Old  Law,  or  A new  IV ay  to  pleafe  you,  an 
excellent  Comedy  ailed  before  the  King  and 
Queen  at  Salisbury -houfe,  and  at  feveral  other 
places  with  great  applaufe,  printed  4°.  Lond. 
1 6$6.  In  this  Play  our  Author  was  alTifted  by 
Mr.  Middleton , and  Mr.  Rowley,  At  the  Ena 
of  it  is  printed  a Catalogue  of  Plays,  which  tho’ 
Ril’d  perfeli  in  the  Title-page,  is  far  from  it : 
for  befides  abundance  of  Typographical  Faults, 
there  are  many  other  grofs  Errors:  feveral 
pieces  being  mention’d  under  the  Title  of  Plays 
which  are  of  a different  Species  5 for  Inffance 
Virgil' % Eclogues  are  infer  ted  under  the  Name 
of  a Tragedy  <jyc. 

ViSiure , a Tragi-comedy,  often  p relented 
with  good  allowance  at  the  Globe  and  Black- 
Fryars  Play-houfes,  by  the  King’s  Majeflies 
Servants,  printed  40.  Lond.  1636.  and  dedi- 
cated to  his  Honour’d,  and  Seleiled  Friends  of 
the  Noble  Society  of  the  Inner-Temple.  This 
Play  was  afted  by  thofe  excellent  Players  of  the 
lafl  Age,  Lowin , Taylor , Benfield \ &c.  and  is 
commended  by  his  true  F riend,  Sir  Thomas  Jay. 
The  Plot  of  Sophia’s  decoying  the  two  debaucht 
Courtiers  Richardo  and- Ubaldo,  who  attempted 
her  Chaftity,  is  related  in  a Book  of  Novels  in 
odtavo,  call’d  The  Fortunate , Deceiv’d , and  Un- 
Z % forttt - 


3 $ 8 An  Account  of  the 

fortunate  Lovers , fee  Nov.  4.  of  the  Deceiv'd 
Lovers:  but  this  Story  is  I fuppofe  originally 
Italian , this  Book  being  a Collection  f rom  Ita- 
lian Novels. 

Renegado,  a T ragi-comedy  often  ailed  by  the 
Queens  Ma  jellies  Servants,  at  the  private  Play- 
houfe  in  Tirury-lane , printed  40.  Land.  1630. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  George 
Harding,  Baron  ot  Barkley  of  B ark  ley -C file , 
and  Knight  of  the  Honourable  Order  of  the 
Bath.  This  Play  is  likewife  commended  by 
two  Copies  of  Verfes ; One  of  which  was  writ 
by  Mr.  James  Shu  ley. 

Roman  Actor,  a Tragedy  ailed  divers  times 
with  good  allowance  at  the  private  Houle  in 
the  B 'lack-fry ars,  by  the  King’s  Majeilies  Ser- 
vants, printed  40.  i6ap.  and  dedicated  to  his 
much  Honour’d,  and  molt  True  Friends,  Sir 
Philip  Knryet,  Sir  Thomas  Jay,  and  Thomas  Bel- 
lingham of  Ne w timber  m Sufj'ex  Elquire.  This 
Play  is  commended  by  Six  Copies  of  Verles 
writ  by  feveral  Dramatick  Poets  of  that  Age, 
as  May,  Gojf  Ford,  &c.  F or  the  Plot  read  Sue- 
tonius 1 n the  Life  of  Domitian,  Aurelius  Hilt  or, 
Eutropius,  Lib.  n.  Tacitus , Lib.  13.  <jyc. 

V rry  H^oman, ox  The  Prince  ofTarent , a Tragi- 
comedy often  ailed  at  the  private  Houle  in  the 
Blackfryars , by  His  late  Majeilies  Servants 
with  great  applaufe,  printed  8°.  Lond.  1 6yy. 
Our  Author  owns  (")  this  Play  to  be  founded 
on  a Sub  jeil  which  long  before  appear’d  on  the 
Stage  : tho’  what  Play  it  was  I know  not.  \ 
have  already  acquainted  the  Reader  (°)  with 

(n)  See  froluguc.  (<  j fag.  69. 


the 


Dnmatkk  Poets.  359 

the  Refemblance  between  the  Plot  of  this  Tra- 
gicomedy, and  The  Obflinate  Lady.  This  Play, 
with  The  Bajhful  Lover,  and  The  Guardian , arc 
printed  together. 

Virgin  ^Martyr,  a Tragedy  a£led  by  His  Ma- 
yflies Servants  with  great  applaufe, printed  40, 
Lond.  1661.  In  this  Play  our  Author  took  in 
Mr.  Thomas  Decker  for  Partner.  I prefume  the 
Story  may  be  met  with  in  the  Martyrologies 
which  have  treated  of  the  Tenth  Perfecution 
in  the  time  of  Diocle fian,  and  Maximian.  Sec 
RoJJ'weidus , Valejius,  &c. 

Unnatural  Combat , a Tragedy  prefented  by 
the  King’s  Ma  jellies  Servants  at  the  Globe, prin- 
ted 40.  Lond.  1639.  and  dedicated  to  his  much 
Honour’d  F riend,  Anthony  Sentliger  of  Oukham 
in  Kent , Efquire.  ‘This  Old  Tragedy  (as  the 
‘ Author  tells  his  Patron)  has  neither  Prologue 
‘ nor  Epilogue,  it  being  compofed  in  a time, 
‘ when  fuch  By-ornaments,  were  not  advanced 
‘above  the  Fabrickof  the  whole  work. 

I know  nothing  elfc  of  our  Authors  Wri- 
tings, and  therefore  mull  haflen  to  the  lafl  A6t 
of  his  Life, his  Death ; which  happen’d  at  Lon- 
don in  March  1669.  On  the  Seventeenth  of 
the  fame  Month  he  was  Buried  in  St.  Mary 
Overies  Church  in  Southwark. , in  the  fame 
Grave  with  Mr.!  Fletcher.  What  Monument, 
or  Infcription  he  has  I know  not ; but  ihall 
clofe  up  our  Account  of  this  Ingenious  Poet, 
with  the  following  Epitaph  writ  by  Sir  Ajlon 
Cokain , (p) 


(p)  Epigwm,  L,  1.  Ep.  100. 

Z 4 An 


3 60  An  Account  of  the 

An  Epitaph  on  Mr.  John  Fletcher , and  Mr.  'Phi- 
lip Mafftnger,  who  lay  both  buried  in  one 
Grave,  in  St. Mary  Over/s  Church,  in  South- 

voark. 

In  the fame  Grave  Fletcher  was  buried,  here 
Lies  the  Stage-Poet , Philip  Maflinger : 

Plays  they  did  write  together , £jr*wf 

Friends , 

Mttd  now  one  Grave  includes  them  in  their  Ends. 
So  ■whom  on  Earth  nothing  did  part,  beneath 
Here  ( /«  Fame  ) they  lie , it/  Jpight  of 

‘Death. 

Thomas  May. 

This  Gentleman  was  born  in  SuJJex  of  an 
ancient  but  fomevvhat  declining  Family,  in  the 
Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth.  He  was  lor  fome 
Years  bred  a Scholar  in  the  Univerfity  of 
Cambridge , being  Fellow-Commoner  of  Sidney 
Colledge.  During  his  Abode  there,  he  was  a 
very  clofe  Student,  and  what  Stock  of  Learn- 
ing he  then  treafur’d  up,  is  apparent  from  his 
Works,  which  are  in  print.  He  remov’d  af- 
terwards to  London,  following  the  Court, where 
he  contracted  Friendlhip  with  feveral Eminent 
Courtiers, amongft  others  with  the  accomplilht 
Endymion  Porter,  Elq;  One,  of  the  Gentlemen 
of  his  Ma  jellies  Bedchamber;  a Gentleman  fa 
dear  tp  Sir  William  D' Avenant,  that  he  fliled 
him  (i)  Lord  of  his  Mufe  and  Heart.  Whilft 
he  refided  at  Court,  he  writ  the  five  Plays 
(q)  j>.  133. 


which 


Dramatick  Poets . l6i 

which  are  extant,  and  poffibly  his  other  Pieces. 
Dr.  Fuller  fays  of  him  ( r),  4 That  fome  Difguft 
4 at  Court  was  given  to,  or  taken  by  him,  ( as 
‘Tome  would  have  it)  becaufe  his  Bays  were 
4 not  guilded  richly  enough,  and  his  Verfes  re- 
4 warded  by  King  Char /^according  to  expecta- 
4 tion.  Mr.  Philips  (f)  and  M r.WinJtanley  (*)  infi- 
nuate,  That  being  Candidate  with  Sir  William 
Z>’ Avenant,  for  the  Honourable  Title  of  the 
Queen’s  Poet,  and  being  fruflrate  in  his  Expe- 
ctations , out  of  meer  Spleen,  as  it  is  thought, 
for  his  Repulfe,  he  vented  his  Spite  in  his  Hi- 
flory  of  the  late  Civil  Wars  of  England;  where- 
in, Mr .Winjlanley  fays,  he  fhew’d  all  the  Spleen 
of  a Male-contented  Poet,  making  thereby  his 
Friends  his  Foes,  and  rendring  his  Name  odi- 
ous to  Pofferity.  Whether  this  Accufation  be 
true,  or  no,  I know  not;  but  I am  fure  his 
Enemies  mult  allow  him  to  be  a good  Poet,  tho’ 
pollibly  he  fell  fliort  of  Sir  William  ‘D’ Avenant : 
and  tho’ I no  ways  abet  his  felf  Opinion,  yeti 
learn  from  Horace , that  even  111  Poets,  fet  a 
value  on  their  Writings,  tho’ they  are  defpis’d 
by  others; 

Ridentnr  mala  qui  componunt  Carmina.,  verum 

Gaudent  Scribentes , fe  verier antur  ultroy 

Si  t ace  as , laudant,  quicquid feripfere  beati. 

And  therefore  I hope  the  moderate  Critick  will 
bear  with  the  Frailty  of  our  Author:  and  I 
doubt  not  but  if  they  will  read  his  Works  with 
Candor,  and  efpecially  his  Plays,  they  will  find 
he  had  iome  Reaion  for  his  Opinion  of  what 
(r ) Worthies  Sulla,  p.i  io.  (l ) Pag  179.  (t)  Pag.  164. 


362  An  Account  of  the 

he  writ,  I fhall  firfl  give  the  Reader  a fbc- 
cin£i  Account  of  his  Plays  as  follows : 

{Agrippina  Emprefs  of  Rome , her  Tragedy, 
jrinted  120.  Lend.  1639.  Our  Author  has  fol- 
ow’d  Xiphiiinus , Tacitus,  and  Suetonius , in  the 
Defigning  his  Tragedy : and  befides  has  trans- 
lated and  inferted  above  30.  Lines  from  Tetro- 
nius  Arbyters  Satyricon  (u), being  a Tranflation 
of  thole  Verfes  recited  by  Eumolpus,  beginning 

Orbemjam  to  turn  viStor  Romanus  habebat,Scc. 
and  concluding  with 

Siculo  fear  us  tcquore  merfus 

Ad  menjdm  vivus  perducitur , — 

Now  altho’  this  is  patly  enough  apply’d  by  our 
Author,  he  having  introduced  Nero  at  a Ban- 
quet, commanding  Tetronius  to  write  a Satyr 
again!!  thofe  Pleafures  he  us’d  to  commend ; 
yet  methinks  Mr.  May,  having  fuch  a particu- 
lar Value  for  Lucan , as  to  tranflate  his  Tharfa- 
ha,  he  Ihould  not  have  inferted  what  was  pur- 
pofely  writ  again!!  this  particular  Work;  as 
may  be  gather’d  from  the  foregoing  Speech, 
Ecce  Belli  Civilis  ingens  Opus,  dye.  but  rather 
have  left  it  to  fuch  a Man  as  T)ouza,  who  (as  a 
French  Author  has  obferv’d  ) could  no  longer 
endure  the  Fire  and  Tempefl  of  Lucan,  when 
he  read  the*Taking  of  Troy, or  that  *little  Effay 
of  the  War  of  Tharfalia,  which  he  declar’d  to 
love  much  better  quam  trecenta  Corduben/is  il- 
lius  Tharfalicorum  verfuum  Ft dumiua.  The  firft 
Afl  of  this  Play  has  been  ill  correfted,  four 

( u ) A£t.  4.  * I take  the  hr  ft  to  be  [poke  of  V ogii  s 
* The  fecond  ot  Fetronhs  Iris  Poem  above* mention'd. 

pages 


Dramatick  Potts.  & 

pages  of  it  being  printed  twice  over. 

Antigone , the  Thebane  Princefs  her  Tragedy, 
printed  %%Ljond.\6\  i.and  dedicated  to  the  molt 
Worthil  y Honoured  Endymion  Tor  ter  Efquire. 
Our  Author  in  the  Contexture  of  this  Tragedy 
has  made  ufe  of  the  Antigone  of  Sophocles , and 
the  Thebais  of  Seneca.  The  Reader  may  fee  be- 
fides  Statius's  Thebais , fee. 

Cleopatra  Queen  or  t^Adgypt  her  Tragedy, 
a£ted  162.6.  and  printed  i2J.  Lond.  1659.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Accomplifh’d  Sir  Kenehne 
Digby.  The  Author  has  follow’d  the  Hiflo- 
rians  of  thole  times,  as  Appian  de  Beilis  Civi - 
libus  lib. 5.  Plutarch's  Life  of  AM  Anthony , Sue- 
tonius's Life  ot  Augujlus.  I-' lor  us  liby.  L)ion,&c. 
He  has  borrow’d  betides  feveral  other  Embe- 
liffiments,  as  Calimaccus's  Epigram  upon  Timon 
the  Mijanthropijl ; an  Account  of  the  Ancient 
Lybian  TJylls , fo  famous  for  curing  the  Vene- 
mous  Bites  of  Serpents,  by  fucking  the  wound, 
related  by  Tliny,  lib.  7.  c.  2.  and  by  Solinus^fec. 

Heir , a Comedy  adted  by  the  Company  of 
Revels  1620.  printed  40.  Lond.  1633.  This 
Comedy  is  extreamly  commended  by  the  al- 
ready mention’d  Mr.  Thomas  Carew , in  a Copy 
of  Verfes  affix’d  to  the  Play;  where  amongfl 
other  Commendations  beltow’d  on  the  Stile, 
and  the  Natural  working  up  of  the  Paffions,  he 
fays  thus  of  the  Oeconomy  of  the  Play : 

The  whole  Tht  doth  alike  it  J'elf  difclofe , 

Thro'  the  Five  ASis,  as  doth  a Lock,  that  goes 
With  Letters,  for  till  every  one  be  known. 

The  Lockls  as  f aft,  as  if  you  hadfoumbme. 


I 


364  An  Account  of  the 

I believe  there  are  few  Perfons  of  Judgment 
that  aretrue  lovers  of  Innocent  and  inoffenfive 
Comedy,  but  will  allow  this  to  be  an  Excellent 
Play. 

Old  Couple , a Comedy  printed  40.  Lond.i6$i. 
This  Play  is  not  much  Ihort  of  the  former,  and 
is  chiefly  defign’d  an  Antidote  again!!  Cove- 
toufnefs. 

Mr.  Philips  (x)  and  Mr. IV'mjianky  (?)  afcribe 
two  other  Plays  to  our  Author,  viz.  The  Old 
LTrues  Tale , and  Orlando  FurioJ'o ; the  firfl;  of 
thefe  I never  faw,  but  for  the  latter,  I afl'ure 
my  Reader,  it  was  printed  long  before  our  Au- 
thor was  born,  at  leafl:  before  he  was  able  to 
guide  a Pen,  much  lefs  to  write  a Play,  it  be- 
ing printed  ^°.  Lond.  1^94. 

But  tho’  he  has  no  more  Plays,  he  has  other 
pieces  extant  in  print;  as  the  Tranflation  of 
Lucans  Tharfaha  80.  Lond.  1635-.  which  Poem 
oar  Author  has  continued  down  to  the  Death 
of  Julius  Cnefaryi n VII  Books  both  in  Latin  and 
JEngliJl)  Verfe.  I have  already  given  you  T)ou~ 
za’s  Chara£ter  of  this  Poem,  to  which  I might 
add  that  of  Scaliger , Lapin,  and  other  Criticks  ; 
but  this  being  fomewhat  forreign  to  my  pre- 
fent  Subjebt,  I fhall  wave  it,  and  content  my 
felf  with  acquainting  my  Reader,  That  how- 
ever pompous  and  fplendid  the  French  Verfion 
of  Brebeuf\xx%  appear’d  in  France , our  Englijh 
Tranflation  is  little  inferiour  to  it;  and  is  ex- 
treamly  commended  by  our  Famous  Johnfon , in 
a Copy  of  Verfes  prefix’d  before  the  Book  well 
worth  the  Reader’s  perufal.  He  tranflated  be- (*) 

(*)  Pag.  179.  (y)  Pag.  164. 


Drantatick  Poets.  365 

fides  Virgil's  Georgicks,  printed  with  Annota- 
tions 8°.  Lond.  1 62.2.  Mr.  ‘Philips  mentions  a 
Hiflory  of'  Henry  the  Second,  writ  by  him  in 
Verfe,  and  a Hiliory  of  the  late  Civil  Wars  of 
England  in  Profe  ; neither  of  which  have  I 
feen,  and  therefore  pretend  not  to  determine 
whether  he  were  a partial  Writer  or  no.  Only 
give  me  leave  to  conclude  in  the  Words  of  D# 
Fuller ; ‘ That  if  he  were  a byafjed  and  par- 

‘ tial  Writer,  yet  that  he  lyeth  buried  near  a 
‘ good  and  true  Hiftorian  indeed,  viz.  Mr.Camb- 
1 den.  in  the  Weft-fide  of  the  North-Ifle  of 
i1Vejiminjler  Abbey , dying  fuddenly  in  the 
‘Night,  A.  Z>.  idya.  in  the  yyth  Year  of  his 
‘ Age.  I know  not  how  Mr.  IVinftanley  hap- 
pened to  omit  the  Tranfcript  of  fo  memorable 
a paflage,  fince  he  has  elfewhere  borrow’d  fo 
largely  from  this  Worthy  Author,  as  well  as 
Mr.  Philips , without  either  of  them  acknow- 
ledging the  leaft  obligation  to  him. 

Robert  Mead. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reigns  of  King 
James,  and  King  Charles  the  Firft,  and  was 
fometime  a Member  of  ChriJl-Church  Colledge 
in  Oxford;  as  I learn  from  the  Title-page  of  a 
Play,  call’d  , 

Combat  of  Love  and  Friendjhip , a Comedy, 
formerly  prefented  by  the  Gentlemen  of  Chrijl- 
Churcb  in  Oxford,  and  printed  op.  Lond.  idy^. 
This  Play  was  publifhed  after  the  Authors  de- 
i ceafe,  at  that  time  when  the  Mufes  were  ba- 
I nifh’d  the  Theatre.  I wifh  I were  able  to  give 


%66  An  Account  of  the 

the  Reader  a better  Account  of  our  Author: 
But  being  deflitute  of  other  Information,  this 
Gentleman  having  wholly  elcaped  the  Indu- 
flry  of  Mr  .W W,  I mult  be  beholding  for  what 
I have  borrow  d,  to  the  Stationer’s  Epillle  to 
the  Reader;  where  he  tells  us,  4 That  he 
4 had  been  a Perfon,  whole  Eminent  and 
‘General  Abilities,  have  left  him  a Chara- 
‘ iter  precious  and  honourable  to  our  Nati- 
on; and  therefore  the  Reader  is  not  to  look 
‘ upon  this  Compofition,  but  as  at  a Ifoop,  when 
‘his  youth  was  willing  to  defcend  from  his 
‘ then  higher  Contemplation.  He  tells  us, that 
‘ he  could  fay  more  in  his  Honour,  but  that  he 
‘ was  fo  great  a lover  of  Humility  in  his  Life, 
‘ that  he  was  almoll  afraid, being  dead, he  might 
‘be  difpleas’d  to  hear  his  own  worth  re- 
‘membred. 

Mr.  T https  thro’  his  old  Miflake  afcribes  to 
him  The  Cojily  fVhore  • tho’  I am  almoll  confi- 
dent the  Play  is  not  of  his  Writing : and  that 
thofe  that  believe  it  fo,  have  taken  up  their 
Opinion  upon  Conjecture. 

Matthew  Medbourn. 

An  ACtor  belonging  to  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Second.  One, 
whofe  good  parts  deferv’d  a better  fate  than  to 
die  in  Prifon,  as  he  did  in  the  time  of  the  late 
Topijh-Tlot  ; thro’  a too  forward  andiudifcreet 
Zeal  for  a miltaken  Religion.  Ten  Years  be- 
fore the  Difcovery  of  that  Confpiracy, our  Au- 
thor publilht  a Play,  call’d 
Tar* 


Dramatic}:  Poets.  367 

Tartuffe , or  The  F rench  Puritan,  abled  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  written  in  French  by  MoUiere, 
and  rend  red  into  Englifh , with  much  Addition 
and  Advantage ; printed  40.  Lond.  1670.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry, 
Lord  Howard  of  Norfolk . This  Play  was 
recceiv’d  with  univerfal  Applaufe  on  our  En- 
glifh Stage,  if  we  believe  our  Author,  and  is 
accounted  by  him  the  Mafter-piece  of  Molliere\ 
Produ&ions,  or  rather  that  of  all  French  Come- 
dy. I prefume  the  Tranflator,  (who  was  a great 
Bigot)  efteem’d  this  Play  the  more,  it  being 
design’d  as  a Satyr  againfl  the  French  Hugonots ; 
tho’  at  the  fame  time  it  mull  be  acknowledg’d, 
that  the  French  Author  has  made  an  Admirable 
Defence  for  the  Chara&er  of  his  Protagonili 
Tartuffe , in  his  Preface,  to  which  I refer  the 
Reader  w’ho  is  vers’d  in  the  French  Tongue. 

Thomas  Meriton, 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Second, and  is  certainly  the  meaneffc 
‘Dramatick  W riter  that  ever  England  produc’d. 
I may  with  Juftice  apply  to  his  Stupidity  what 
rjMenedemus  the  Eretriacf  Philofopher,  faid 
of  Perfeus’s  wickednefs : He  is  indeed  a Poet ; 
hut  of  all  Men  that  are , were , or  tver  / hall  be, 
the  dullejl.  Never  any  Man’s  Stile  was  more 
Bombaft,  fo  that  undoubtedly  he  deferv’d  to 
have  been  under  Ben.  Johnforis  Hands ; and 
had  he  liv’d  in  that  Age,  had  without  queftion 
underwent  the  trouble  of  a Vomit,  as  well  as 
Crifpinus  in  Poet  after,  till  he  had  (to  borrow 

One 


1 68  An  Account  of  the 

One  of  his  lofty  Expreffions)  difgorg’d  the  ob- 
dure  Faculty  of  his  Sence.  I pretend  not  to 
that  Quicknefs  of  Apprehenfion,  as  to  under- 
ftand  either  of  his  Plays,  and  therefore  the 
Reader  will  not  expedt  that  I fhould  give  any 
further  Account  of  them,  than  that  they  are 
two  in  number,  viz. 

Love  and  War , a Tragedy,  printed  4,0 .Lond. 
i6y8.  and  dedicated  to  the  Truly  Noble,  Judi- 
cious Gentleman,  and  his  moll  Elleemed  Bro- 
ther, Mr.  George  Merit  on.  I am  apt  to  believe 
thefe  two  Brothers  adted  the  Counterpart  of 
thofe  German  Brethren  that  dwelt  at  Rome , 
the  Orator  and  the  Rhetorician  mentioned  by 
Horace  (*},  whofe  bufinefs  it  was, 

.-I ut  alter 

Alter  ins  fermone  trier  os  audiret  honor es : 

Gracchus  ut  hie  illi foret,  hie  ut  Mutius  illi. 

Wandrihg  Lover , a Tragi-comedy  adled  fe- 
veral  times  privately  at  fundry  places  by  the 
Author  and  his  Friends  with  great  Applaufe; 
printed  40.  Lond.  i6y8.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Ingenious,  Judicious,  and  much  Honoured 
Gentleman,  Francis  W nght  Efquire.  This  Au- 
thor’s Works  being  very  fcarce,  and  moft  of 
the  Impreffion  bought  up  by  Chandlers  and 
Grocer s,  I may  poffibly  oblige  my  Reader,  by 
giving  him  a Tafte  of  his  Stile,  and  juflify  my 
lelf  from  the  Imputation  of  Scandal.  I fhall 
therefore  tranferibe  part  of  his  Epiftle,  which 
runs  thus : 


(l)  Efift.  lib,  z.  Ep.  2. 


' ._  v Dramatick  Poets.  369 

To  the  Ingenious,  Judicious,  and  much  Ho-  ’ 
noured  Gentleman,  Francis  IF right  Efq;  • 

Sir : My  Intentions  wandring  upon  the  limits 
@f  vain  Cogitations , was  at  the  iajl  arrived  at  the 
propitious  brinks  of  an  Anglicis  of  Performance; 
where  feeing  Diana  and  Venus  in  a Martial  com- 
bat, and  fuch  rare  Atchievements  performed  by 
two  fuch  Ininimate  Goddejfes , did  lend  to  the 
Afpehl  of  their  Angelical  Eyes , my  f elf  to  be  the 
foie  Spectator  of  their  foregoing  Valour : where 
then  their  purpofe  was  to  choofe  me  their  Arbi- 
trator ; the  which  I perceiving,  did  with  a mild 
Completion  ( knowing  my  f elf  impotent  ) relent 
backwards , thinking  thereby  to  lofe  lefs  Credit , 
and  gain  more  Honour , to  fet  Ten  to  Taper , and 
to  relate  fame  certain  ana  harmlefs  Dialogues , 
that  while  I was  prefent,  betwixt  them  pajl  , 
which  is  This  Poem;  fee. 

By  this  time  I fuppofe  my  Reader  is  fuffici- 
ently  tired,  and  will  take  my  Word  that  the 
Play  is-of  the  fame  piece,  without  giving  him- 
felf  the  trouble  to  difprove  me : and  I allure 
him  that  His  Love  and  fFar  is  yet  more  fwelling 
and  unintelligible,  than  this  Play. 

He  tells  his  Patron  above-mentioned,  That 
certain  it  is  he  writ  two  Books  of  the  fame 
Nature,  viz.  The  fever al  Affairs , a Comedy,  and 
The  Chaft  Virgin,  a Romance;  but  they  were 
his  Pocket-Companions, and  but  {hewn  10  feme 
private  Friends.  Happy  certainly  were  thofe 
Men,  who  were  not  reckoned  in  the  number  of 
his  Friends;  fince  they  were  obliged  to  hear 
fuch  an  Author’s  ampullous  Fuflian, which  like 
* A a an 


370  At t Account  of  the 

an  empty  Cask,  makes  a great  Sound,  but  yields 
at  belt  nothing  but  a few  Lees.  Tho’  to  all  Men 
generally  fuch  Authors  are  troublefome,  if  not 
odious,  and  to  be  Ihunn’d  by  them,  as  Horace 
fays  (a): 

IndoBum , doBumq;  fugat  recitator  acerbus. 
§>uem  veto  arripttit , tenet,  occiditf\  legendo, 
Non  mijjura  cittern  nifi plena  cruoris  hirudo . 

Thomas  Middleton. 

An  Author  of  good  Efteem  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Firft,  He  was  Contemporary 
with  thole  Famous  Poets  Joknfon , Fletcher , 
t SMaJJiuger  and  Rowley,  in  whole  Friendlhip 
he  had.  a large  Share ; and  tho’  he  came  fhort 
of  the  two  former  in  parts,  yet  like  the  Ivy  by 
the  Affiftance  of  the  Oak , (being  joyn’d  with 
them  in  leveral  Plays  ) he  clim’d  up  to  fome 
conliderable  height  of  Reputation.  He  joyn’d 
with  Fletcher  and  Johnfon,  in  a Play  called  The 
Widow,  of  which  we  have  already  fpoken,  p. 
2.98.  in  the  Account  of  Johnfon ; and  certainly 
moll  Men  will  allow,  That  he  that  was  thought 
fit  to  be  receiv’d  into  a Triumvirate , by  two 
fuch  Great  Men,  was  no  common  Poet.  He 
club’d  with  (jMajfinger  and  Rowley  in  Writing 
the  Old  Law,  as  before  I have  remarked  al- 
ready: See  pag.  3^2.  He  was  like  wife  affilt- 
ed  by  Rowley  in  three  Plays,  of  which  we 
fhall  prefently  give  an  Account ; and  in  thofe 
Plays  which  lie  writ  alone,  there  are  feveral 

ih  Art t Vsu/ea. 

Co- 


Dramatick  Poets.  37 1 

Comedies  ; as  LMichaelmafs-Term,  LMayor  of 
Qmnboroughfyc.  which  fpeak  him  a Dramatick. 
Poet  of  the  Second  Rank.  The  fiiil  Play  we 
are  to  begin  with,  is  call’d 

Any  thing  for  a Qyiet  Life , a Comedy  for- 
merly adled  at  the  B lack  fry ars , by  his  late  Ma- 
jefties  Servants ; printed  40.  Lond.\66i.  Tins 
Play  being  One  of  thofe  Manufcripts  published 
by  Kirkman , I fuppofe  was  in  Elteem  on  the 
Stage,  before  the  Breaking  out  of  the  Civil 
.Wars. 

Blurt  Mr.  Conftable , or  The  Spaniard’^  Might- 
walk  ; a Comedy  fundry  times  privately  adted 
by  the  Children  oi  Paul’s,  printed  Lond.  1602. 
There  is  no  Name  affix’d  to  this  Play,  and  fe- 
veral  others,  which  are  afcribed  to  our  Author 
by  yix.Kirkman  ; as  The  Phoenix , Game  at  Chefs , 
and  The  Family  of  Love  ; but  knowing  his  Ac- 
quaintance with  Plays  to  have  been  very  con- 
siderable, I have  plac’d  them  to  their  Reputed 
Author. 

Changling , a Tragedy,  adted  with  great  ap- 
plaufe,  at  the  Private-Houfe  in  Drury -Lane, 
and  Salisbury -Court ; printed  40.  Lond.  165-3. 
in  this  Play  our  Author  was  a Hided  by  Mr. 
Rowley.  The  Foundation  of  the  Play  may  be 
found  in  Reynold’s  God's  Revenge  againft  LMur- 
ther.  See  the  Story  of  Alfemero,  and  Beatrice 
Joanna,  Book  i.Hift.  4. 

Chaft  Maid  in  Cheap-fide , a pleafant  conceit- 
ed Comedy  , often  adted  at  the  Swan  on  the 
Bank  fide , by  the  Lady  Elizabeth  her  Servants; 
printed  4°.  Lond.  1620. 

Pair  Quarrel,  a Comedy,  printed  4°.  Lond . 

A a 2 N 1622, 


572  An  Account  of  the 

i6zz.  and  dedicated  to  the  Nobly  difpos’d,  and 
Faithful-breafled  Robert  Grey  Elq;  one  of  the 
Grooms  of  his  Highnefles  Chamber.  The  Plot 
of  Fitz-allen , RuJ/el  and  Jane,  is  founded,  as  I 
fuppofe,on  fome  Italian  Novel,  and  may  be  read 
in  Englijh  in  tke  Complaifant  Companion , oCtavo 
p.  2,80.  That  part  of  the  Phyfitian  tempting 
lane,  and  then  accufing  her,  is  founded  on  a 
Novel  df  Cynthio  Gita/di : See  Dec.  4.  Nov.  $. 
la  this  Play  Mr.  Rowley  joyn’d  with  our  Au- 
thor. 

Family  of  Love , a Comedy  aCled  by  the  Chil- 
dren of  his  Majelfies  Revels ; printed  of.  Lond. 
1608.  This  Play  is  mentioned  by  Sir  Thomas 
Bornwel , in  The  Lady  ofTleafure , ACt  1.  Sc.  1. 

Game  at  Chefs ; 1 undry  times  ailed  at  the 
Globe  on  the  B an  f fide,  printed  40.  Lond.  1 6 — 
This  Play  is  confonant  to  the  Title,  where  the 
Game  is  play’d  between  the  Church  of  England \ 
and  that  of  Rome ; Ignatius  Loyola  being  Spe- 
ctator, the  former  in  the  End,  gaining  the  Vi- 
ctory. 

Inner -Temple  Mafque,  or  Mafque  of  Heroes  ; 
prefented  (as  an  Entertainment  tor  many  wor- 
thy Ladies)  by  Gentlemen  of  the  fame  Ancient 
and  Noble  Houle  , printed  dp.Lond.  164c.  This 
Play  was  writ  twenty  Years  before  it  was  print- 
ed ; and  yet  fo  well  efleem’d  by  Mss.  Behn,  that 
file  has  taken  part  of  it  into  the  City  Heirefs. 

tSMayor  of  Quinborough,  a Comedy  often  aCted 
with  much  applaufe,  by  his  Majeflies  Servants, 
printed  40-  Lond.  1661.  In  this  Play  are  feve- 
ial  Dumb  Shews,  explained  by  Rainulph  Monk 
of  Chejler,  and  the  Author  has  chiefly  followed 

his 


Dr amatick  Poets.  37  3 

his  Poly  chronic  on : See  befides  Stow,  Speed,  Tu 
Chefne , ^c\  in  the  Reign  of  Tor tiger. 

TM.ichaelma[s-Term , a Comedy,  printed  in 
quarto,  but  where  or  when,  I know  not,  thro’ 
the  imperfection  of  my  Copy. 

rjMore  TiJJ'emblers  bejides  Women , a Comedy 
printed  80.  Lond.  16.77. 

No  Wit,  no  Help , like  a W Oman's,  a Comedy 
printed  8°.  Lond.  167-7. 

Phoenix , a Tragi-comedy,  fundry  times  acted 
by  the  Children  of  Paul’s,  and  presented  before 
his  Majefty  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1607. 

Roaring  Girl,  a Comedy  which  I never  faw, 
Spanijh  Gypfie , a Tragi-comedy  a£led  ( with 
great  applaufe)  at  the  Private-Houfe  in  "Drury - 
Lane,  and  Salisbury -Court,  written  by  our  Au- 
thor and  Mr.  Rowley ; printed  40.  Lond.  1661. 
The  Story  of  Roderigo  and  Clara,  has  a near 
refemblance  with  (if  it  be  not  borrow’d  from) 
a Spanijh  Novel,  writ  by  TMignel  de  Cervantes , 
call’d  The  Force  of  Blood. 

Trick^to  catch  the  Old  One , a Comedy  often 
in  ACtion,  both  at  Paul' s,  the  Blacffryars , and 
before  their  Majeflies  ; printed  40.  Lond.1616. 
This  is  an  Excellent  Did  Play. 

Triumphs  of  Love  and  Antiquity,  an  Honour- 
able Solemnity  performed  thro’  the  City,  at 
the  Confirmation  and  Eflablifhment  of  the 
Right  Honourable,  Sir  William  Cockaine  KX  in 
the  Office  of  His  Majeflies  Lieutenant,  the 
Lord  Mayor  of  the  Famous  City  of  London: 
Taking  beginning  in  the  Morning  at  his  Lord- 
fliip’s  Going,  and  perfecting  it  felf  after  his  Re- 
turn from  Receiving  the  Oath  of  Mayoralty  at 
A a 1 Wejl- 


374  Account  of  the 

Weftminfler , on  the  Morrow  after  Simon  and 
Jude's  Day,  OBob.  2.9  1619.  printed  4®.  Lond. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Honour  of  him  to  whom 
the  Noble  Fraternity  of  Skinners , his  Worthy 
Brothers  have  dedicated  their  Loves  in  Coftly 
Triumphs,  The  Right  Honourable  Sir  William 
Cockaine  Knight,  Lord  Mayor  of  this  Renowned 
City,  and  Lord  General  of  his  Military  Forces. 
This  Piece  confills  only  of  Speeches,  addreft 
to  his  Lordfhip,  at  his  Cavalcade  thro’  the  City, 
and  I think  no  ways  deferv’d  either  the  Title 
of  a Mafque , under  which  Species  it  has  been 
hitherto  rank’d  ; nor  fo  pompous  a Title,  as 
the  Author  has  prefix’d. 

Women  beware  Women , a Tragedy,  printed 
8°.  Lond.  i6yr"j.  This  Play  with  two  others, 
viz.  rjMore  Difjemblers  bejides  W omen , and,  No 
Wit  like  a Womans , are  all  in  one  Volume. 
The  Foundation  of  this  Play,  is  borrow’d  from 
a Romailc'e  called  Hyppolito  and Ifabella,oclavo. 
This  Drama,  if  we  give  Credit  to PAx. Richards, 
a Poet  of  that  Age,  was  ailed  with  extraordi- 
nary applaufe,  as  he  fays  in  his  Verfes  on  that 
Play  : 

I that  have  feent , can  fay,  having  juft  caufe, 

Ne  re  Tragedy  came  off  with  mare  Applaufe. 

World  loft  at  Tennis,  a Mafque  divers  times 
prefented  to  the  Contentment  of  many  Noble 
and  Worthy  Spectators,  by  the  Princes  Ser- 
vants; printed  40.  Lond.  162.0.  and  dedicated 
to  the  truly  Noble  Charles , Lord  Howard. ’ Ba- 
ron of  Effingham,  and  to  his  Virtuous  and  Wor- 
thy the  Right  Honourable  Mwy,  Lady  Effing- 


Dramatick  Poets . 575 

ham,  Eldefi  Daughter  of  the  truly  Generous 
and  Judicious  Sir  W.Cockain  Knight,  LA  Mayor 
of  the  City  of  London , and  Lord  General  of  the 
Military  Forces. 

Tour  Five  Gallants , a Comedy  often  in  A&ion 
at  the  B lack-fry ars,  and  imprinted  at  Londm 
40.  This  Play  has  no  Date,  and  I believe  was 
One  of  the  firffc  that  our  Author  publifhd. 

John  Milton. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Martyr.  Had  his  Principles  been 
as  good  as  his  Parts,  he  had  been  an  Excellent 
Perfon;  but  his  demerits  towards  his  Sovereign, 
has  very  much  fullied  his  Reputation.  He  has 
writ  feveral  Pieces  both  in  Verfe  and  Profe  : 
affd  amongfl  others  two  Dramas,oi  which  we 
fhall  firfl  give  an  Account,  viz. 

Samfon  Agomdes,  a Di'amatick  Poem ; print- 
ed 8°.  Lond.  1680.  Our  Author  has  endea- 
vour’d to  imitate  the  Tragedy  of  the  An- 
cient Greek  Poets ; ’tis  writ  in  Blank  Verfe 
of  ten  Syllables^  which  the  Author  prefers  to 
Rime.  His  Reafons  are  too  long  to  be  tran- 
fcribed ; but  thofe  who  have  the  Curiofity,  may 
read  them  at  the  Entrance  of  his  Par adice  loji. 
The  Chorus  is  introduced  after  the  Greek  Man- 
ner,and  (fays  my  Author)  ‘The  Meafure  of  its 
i Verfes  is  of  all  forts,  called  by  the  Greeks  'Mo - 
4 nojlrophic , or  rather  Apolelymenon , without  re- 
1 gard  had  to  Strophe, Antiftrophe, or  Epod; which 
‘ were  a kind  of  Stanzas  fram’d  only  for  the 
4 Mufick,  than  ufed  with  the  Chorus  that  fung ; 

A a 4 ‘not 


I~j6  An  Account  of  the 

4 n^t  efiential  to  the  Poem,  and  therefore  not 
4 material : or  being  divided  into  Stanzas,  or 
4 PauJ'es , they  may  be  called  Allaojlropha.  Di- 
‘ vilion  into  ACl  and  Scene,  referring  chiefly 
4 to  the  Stage,  (to  which  this  Work  never  was 
4 intended  ) is  here  omitted.  In  this  the  Au-  ~ 
thor  feems  to  follow  Sophocles,  whofe  Plays  are 
not  divided  into  ACts.  I take  this  to  be  an* 
Excellent  Piece;  and  as  an  Argument  of  its 
Excellency,  I have  before  taken  Notice,  that 
Mr.  "Dry den  has  transferred  feveral  Thoughts 
to  his  Aurengzehe.  The  Foundation  of  the  Hi- 
ftovy  js  in  Holy  Writ : See  fudges  Ch.13,^. 
JoJephus  Antiq.  1.  y.  Torniel,  Salian , </yc. 

tSAlafaue,  prefented  at  Ludlow  Caftle  1634. 
on  Michaelmafs  Night,  before  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable John,  Earl  of  Bridgwater,  Vifcou^t 
AW^y,LAPrefident  of  IVales , and  One  of  his 
Majeflies  moll  Honourable  Privy  Council ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1687.  and  dedicated  by  Mr. 
Henry  Laws  the  Publifhcr,  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable 7&/;«,Lord  V ifcou  n t Brack[ey, Son  and 
Heir  Apparent  to  the  Earl  of  Bridgwater,  <fyc. 
The  Publifhcr  acquaints  his  Patron,  that  4A1- 
4 tho’  not  openly  acknowledged  by  the  Author, 

4 yet  it  is  a Legitimate  Off-fpring;  fo  lovely, 

4 and  fo  much  defired,  that  the  often  copying 
4 of  it  hath  tir’d  his  Pen,  to  give  his  feveral 
4 Friends  Satisfaction,  and  brought  him  to  a 
'Neceffityof  producing  it  to  the  publick  view. 

4 The  principal  Perfons  of  this  Mafque,  were 
4 the  Lord  Brackley , Mr.  Thomas  Egerton,  the 
Lady  Alice  Egerton. 

Our  Author’s  other  Pieces  in  Verfe,  are  his 

/V 


Dramatiek  Poets.  377 

Paradice  kjl,an  Heroick  Poem, in  twelve  Books. 
-I  know  not  when  it  was  firfl  printed,  but  there 
came  out  net  long  lince  a very  fair  Edition  in 
Fol.  with  Sculptures,  printed  Lond.  1689.  His 
Paradice  regain'd,  a Poem  in  four  Books,  is  fit- 
ted likewile  to  be  bound  with  it.  He  publifht 
fotrte  other  Poems  in  Latin  and  Englijh , printed 
8°.  Lond.  1645-.  Nor  was  he  lefs  Famous  for 
Hiftory  than  Poetry ; witnefs  his  Hiftory  of 
Brittain , from  the  fir  ft  Traditional  Beginning 
of  the  Norman  Conqueft ; printed  40.  Lond. 
1670.  He  writ  feveral  other  Pieces,  as  a Latin 
Piece  called,  Pro populo  Anglicano,  Defenjio  con- 
tra Sahmfium , 120.  Lond.  1 65-2.  The  Do6trine 
andDifcipline  of  Divorce, in  two  Books, printed 
40.  Lond.  1644.  this  being  anfwered  by  an  Ano- 
nymous Writer,  was  reply ’d  to  by  our  Author, 
in  a Book  whiclvhe  called  Collajterion , printed 
40.  Lond.  1645-.  He  writ  befides  a Piece  called 
Tetrachordon,  or  An  Expofition  on  the  Four 
Chief  places  of  Scripture,  concerning  dMar- 
riage  and  Divorce ; printed  Lond.  16457  Sr.  Ro- 
bert Filmer  (if  I miltake  not)  writ  againft  him, 
in  his  Obfervations  concerning  the  Original 
of  Government,  printed  40.  Lond.  16/2. 

Walter  Mountague,  Efq; 

A Gentleman,  who  liv’d  at  Court  in  the 
Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Firfl,  and  during  the 
times  of  Peace,  before  the  Mufes  were  diflurb’d 
by  the  Civil  Wars,  writ  a Play,  call’d 

Shepheard’s  Oracle , a Paftoral, privately  a£led 
before  King  Charles,  by  the  Queen’s  Majefty  and 

La- 


$7^  An  Account  of  the 

Indies  of  Honour,  printed  o&cxvoLond.  1 64.9. 
Ifhall  not  be  io  prefumptuous  to  criticife  on  a 
Play,  which  has  been  made  Sacred  by  the  Pro- 
tection of  Majeffcy  it  felf : beiides  I am  deterr’d 
from  Griticifm,  by  the  Stationers  Friend’s  Ad- 
vice, in  his  Verfes  in  Commendation  of_  the 
Play: 

■ at  kaji : good  Manners  fayes , 

They  firjljhould  underjiand  it  ere  difpraife. 

William  Mountfort. 

One  who  from  an  ACtor,  fets  up  for  an  Au- 
thor; and  has  attempted  both  Tragedy  and 
Comedy,  with  what  fuccefs,  I leave  to  thofe 
who  have  feen  his  Plays  to  determine.  Had  I 
been  of  the  number  of  hfs  Friends,  I fhould 
have  endeavour’d  to  have  perfwaded  him  Hill 
to  a Ct  Sir  Courtly  Nice , in  bellowing  only 
Garniture  on  a Play  (as  he  calls  it)  as  a Song  or 
a Trologue , and  Jet  alone  fine  Language,  as  be- 
longing only  to  Tedants  and  poor  Fellows,  that 
live  by  their  Wits.  He  has  publilht  two  Plays, 
viz r.  y.>!  - . ^ 

Injur'd  Lovers , or  The  Ambitious  Father , a ' 
Tragedy,  .aCted  by  their  Majeflies  Servants 
at  the  Theatre-Royal;  printed  40.  London 
1688.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
James  Earl  of  Arran , Son  to  his  Grace  the 
Dnke  of  Hamilton.  There  are  lo  me  Surlyesy 
who  think  that  in  this  Play,  Sir  Courtly  writ 
for  his  cDiverJiony  but  never  regarded  IV it. 

Succefsful  Str anger s7  a Tragi-cotnedy,  aCted 

hj 


Dramatick  Poets.  379 

by  their  Majefhes  Servants,  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal  ; printed  qP.R0nd.169o.  and  dedicated  to 
the  Right  Honourable  Thomas  Whartonj^om^t- 
roller  of  his  Majefly’s  Houlhold.  This  Play 
far  exceeds  the  Other : tho’  the  Author  as  well 
as  his  predeceffors,  is  beholding  to  others  fof 
part  of  his  Plot;  he  having  made  ufe  of  Scar- 
rons  Novel,  call’d  The  Rival  Brothers , in  work- 
ing up  the  Cataftrophe  of  his  Comedy. 

I have  leen  lome  Copies  of  Verfes  in  Ma- 
nufcript  writ  by  our  Author,  but  not  being  in 
print,  that  I know  of,  I forbear  to  mention 
them. 

N. 

Thomas  Nabbes. 

A Wri  ter  in  the  Reign  of  Charles  the  Fir.fl, 
who  we  may  reckon  amongft  Poets  of  the 
Third-rate  ; and  One  who  was  pretty  much  re- 
fpebted  by  the  Poets  of  thofe  Times  ; Mr.  Ri- 
chard Bromc,  and  Mr.  Robert  Chamberlain , (be- 
fore mention’d)having  publickly  profell  thera- 
felves  his  Friends;  and  Sir  John  Suckling  being 
his  Patron. 

He  has  Seven  Plays  and  Mafques  extant,  be- 
fides  other  Poems : of  which  we  may  fay,  That 
if  they  are  not  to  be  compar’d  with  lome  Dra- 
rnatick  Pieces  of  this  Age,  at  leallwife  what 
our  Author  Ms  publilhed  is  His  own,  and  not 
borrow’d  from  others  ; and  in  that  Refpebt  de- 
feryes  Pardon,  if  not  Applaufe  from  the  Can- 
did 


2 So  An  Account  of  the 

did  Reader.  This  he  averrs  in  his  Prologue 
to  Covent  Garden , and  which  I believe  may  be 
urged  for  the  reft  of  his  Labours ; viz. 

Hejujlifi.es  that  ' tis  no  borrow  d Strain, 

From  the  Invention  of  another's  Brain. 

Nor  did  he fteal  the  Fancy.  7 is  the fame 
He firjl  intended  by  the  Proper  Name.  [ forth 
’ Twasnota  Toy l o/' Years ; few  Weeks  brought 
This  Rugged  Iffaepnight  have  been  more  worth 
If  he  had  lick'd  it  more.  Nor  doth  he  raife 
From  th'  Imitation  of  Authentick  Plays, 
Matter  or  IF ords  to  height : nor  bundle  up 
Conceits  at  Taverns , where  the  IV its  dofup. 
His  Mule  is  folitary , and  alone 
Toth  practice  her  low  Speculation,  t&c. 

The  Reader  therefore  is  to  expeil  little  more 
from  me,  than  a bare  Account  of  the  Titles 
of  his  Works,  as  followss. 

Bride , a Comedy  ailed  in  the  Year  1638.  at 
the  Private-Houle  in  Trury-Lane , by  their 
Majefties  Servants  ; printed  af.Lond.  1640.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Generality  of  his  Friends, 
Gentlemen  of  the  feveral  Honourable  Houfes 
of  the  Inns  of  Court. 

Covent  Garden , a pleafant  Comedy,  ailed  in 
the  Year  1631.  by  the  Queen’s  Ma jelly’s  Ser- 
vants; and  printed  40.  Lond.1638.  and  dedica- 
ted to  the  Right  Worthy  of  his  Honour,  Sir 
John  Suckling. 

Hannibal  and  Scipio , an  Hiflorical  Tragedy, 
ailed  in  the  lrear  1 63s.  by  the  Queen’s  Maje- 
llies  Servants  at  their  Private-Houle  in  Trury- 
Lane  ; printed  Lond.iCir.  The  Play  is  addrell 

in 


Dramatick  Poets.  $8* 

in  Verfe  by  the  Author,  to  the  Ghofts  of  Han- 
nibal and  Scipio,  with  an  Anfwer  printed  m 
their  Names,  dire&ed  to  our  Author.  It  was 
ailed  before  Women  came  on  the  Stage;  the 
part  of  Sophonisba  being  play’d  by  one  Ezekiel 
Feme.  For  the  Plot,  the  Title-page  fpeaks 
the  Foundation  to  be  Hiflory : fee  the  Life  of 
of  Hannibal , writ,  by  Cornelius  Nepos  ; that  of 
Scipto  by  Tlutarch  : fee  befides  Livy,  Florm , 
and  other  Authors  mention’d  p.3 26. 

(JMtcrocofmusi,  a Moral  Mafque,  prefented 
with  general  liking  at  the  Private-Houfe  in 
Salisbury-Court,  and  here  fet  down  according 
to  the  Intention  of  the  Author  ; printed  40. 
Lond.  1611.  and  dedicated  to  the  Service  and 
Delight  of  all  Truly  Noble,  Generous,  andHo- 
nefl  Spirits.  This  Mafque  is  introduc’d  by 
two  Copies,  One  of  which  was  writ  by  Mr.  Ri- 
chard Brome. 

Springs  Glory,  vindicating  Love  by  Tempe- 
rance, againfl  the  Tenet,  Sine  Cerere  & Baccho 
friget  Venus ; Moralized  in  a Mafque  with 
other  Poems,  Epigrams,  Elegies,  and  Epitha- 
lamiums  of  the  Author’s;  printed  40.  Lond. 
1638.  and  dedicated  to  Peter  Balle  Efq;  At  the 
end  of  thefe  Poems  is  a piece  call’d,  A Prefen- 
tation,  intended  for  the  Prince  his  Highnefs  s 
Birth-day,  the  ap.  of  May  1638.  annually  cele- 
brated ; this  in  former  Catalogues  was  filled  an 
Interlude.  Thefe  Mafques  and  Poems  are  com- 
mended by  two  Copies,  one  of  which  was  pen- 
ned by  Mr.  Robert  Chamberlain . 

Tottenham-Court , a pleafant  Comedy,  acted 
in  the  Year  1633.  at  the  Private-Houfe  in  Sa- 

. hsbmy- 


382  An  Account  of  the 

li sb  my -Court ; printed  q.°.  Lond.  163  8.  and  de- 
dicated to  the  Worfhipfu \ William  Mills  Efcj; 

Unfortunate  Lover , a Tragedy  never  ailed 
but  let  down  according  to  the  Intention  of  the 
Author ; printed  q,0.  Lond.x6^.o.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Worlhipful  Richard  Brathwaite 
Efq;  This  Play  is  attended  by  three  Copies 
•written  in  its  Commendation,  by  feveral  of 
our  Author's  Friends,  and  a Proeme  in  Verle 
by  the  Author,  wherein  he  juftifies  it  to  be 
writ  according  to  the  Rules  of  Art. 

A Conjlant  Scene ; the  buifinefs  it  intends , 

The  t wo  Hours  of  Time  of  A&ion  comprehends. 

Mr.  philips  (b)  and  Mr.  Winjlanley  (c),  ac- 
cording to  their  old  Cuftom,  have  aferib’d  two 
other  Anonymous  Plays  to  our  Author, The  Wo- 
man-Hater arraigned ' a Comedy ; and  Charles 
the  Firjl , a Tragedy:  the  Realbn  of  their  Mi- 
ftake,  has  been  already  given  p.  13.  and  more 
at  large,  in  the  Preface  to  my  former  Cata- 
logue. 

Thomas  Nash. 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  about  the  time  with 
the  foremention’d  Author,  and  was  lometime 
educated  in  the  Univerlity  of  Cambridge.  His 
Genius  was  much  addicted  to  Dramatick  Poe- 
try and  Satyr;  and  he  writ  fome  things  in 
Profe ; all  which  gain’d  him  the  Reputation  of 
a Sharp  W it.  In  an  Old  Copy  of  V eries,  I find 
his  Chara&er  thus  drawn. 


(b)  Pag.  1 3 1 . (c)  Pag.  I4S. 


Dramatkk  Poets y 385 

And furely  Nadi,  tho  he  a Vrofer  were, 

A Branch  of  Laurel  yet  deferves  to  bear. 
Sharply  Satyrickywas  he ; and  that  way 
He  went,  fince  that  his  being , to  this  day. 

Few  have  attempted ; and  / Jurely  think, 

Thofe  IV irds  fhall  hardlybe Jet  down  in  Ink 
Shall l t orch,  and  blcj t,  Jo  as  his  could,  when  he 
Would  infliB  Vengeance.  — 

As  to  his  Plays,  he  has  publifht  only  two 
that  I have  heard  of,  viz.  Dido  Queen  of  Car- 
thage, in  which  he  joyn’d  with  Marloe ; and. 
Summer  s lajl  Will  andTejlament , a Comedy  : I 
could  never  procure  a Sight  of  either  of  theffe ; 
hut  as  to  that  Play  call’d  See  me  and  fee  me  not, 
afcribed  to  him  4y  Mr  .Thilips  and  Mr.  Winjlan- 
ley,  I have  it  by  me,  and  have  plac’d  it  to  the 
right  Author, TAx.Dawbridgecourt  Belchier ; fee 
page  44. 

He  writ  feveral  other  Pieces ; fome  Satyri- 
cal , as  Tierce  Tennilejs  his  Supplication  to  the 
Devil;  Have  withye  to  Safron-Walden ; Four 
Letters  Confuted:  A Poem  called  The  White- 
Herring  and  the  Red ; and  anotlie-r  Piece  in 
Profe,  which  I take  to  be  the  fame  Tho?nas 
Naflo , called  A Fourfold  JVay  to  a Happy  Life , 
in  a Dialogue  between  a Countryman,  Citizen, 
Divine,  and  Lawyer,  printed 40.  Lond.vS^\. 

Alexander  Nevile. 

An  Author  in  the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth, 
that  early  addicted  himlelf  to  Poetry,  and  was 
one  of  thofe  that  the  Eminent  f of  per  Hey  wood 
made  choice  of  to  joy  nr  with  him  and  others, 

in 


3*4  An  Account  of  the 

in  the  Tranflation  of  Seneca.  Our  Author  un- 
dertook the  Task,  and  at  fixteen  Years  of  Age 
he  tranflated 

Oedipus , a Tragedy,  which  he  Englifhed  in 
the  Year  15-60.  and  was  printed  with  the  reft 
dp.Lond.if8i>  and  more  immediately  dedicated 
by  the  Author,  To  the  Right  Honourable  Mr. 
Dr.  Wotton,  One  of  the  Queens  Ma  jellies  Privy 
Council.  Many  were  the  Authors  of  Antiquity 
that  writ  on  this  Subjeft  ; tho’  but  two  Plays 
writ  by  Sophocles , viz.  o'lti-mvt  and  o<- 

cm  k oXorw,  have  defcended  to  our  Times ; 
•from  the  which  Seneca  is  laid  to  have  borrow’d 
part  of  this  Play.  Our  T ranllator  acknowledges 
m his  Epiltle  to  his  Patron  and  God-Father, 
4 That  he  has  not  been  precile  in  following  the 
4 Author  word  for  word ; but  fometimes  by  Ad- 
4 dition,  fometimes  by  Subllraicion,  to  ufe  the 
4 aptell  Phrafes,  in  giving  the  Senle,  that  he 
4 could  invent. 

There  are  other  Pieces  which  I fuppofe 
were  writ  by  our  Author,  publilhed  in  Latin  ; 
as  Oratio  in  Obitum  Sydney  printed  4 V Lond. 
if 8"].  *De  Furoribus  Norfolcienftum  Ketto  'Duce, 
printed  40. 15-75-.  Norvicus,  ibid,  all  which  be- 
ing printed  about  the  time  that  he  lived,  make 
me  imagine  them  to  be  his. 

Robert  Nevile. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  c?f  King 
Charles  the  Firll,  and  in  his  younger  Years  was 
educated  in  the  Univerlity  of  Cambridge, where 
he  became  a fell©  <v  of  King's  Colledge.  I know 

no- 


I 


Dr  am  at  ick  Poets.  385 

nothing  that  he  has  publifht,  but  a fingle  Play, 
call’d 

Poor  Scholar , a Comedy,  printed  40.  Lond. 
i66i.  This  Play  was  (as  I fuppofe)  writ  fome 
Years  before,  it  being  printed  for  Mr.  Kirkz 
man.  I know  not  whether  ever  it  was  ailed, 
but  I niay  prefume  to  fay  ’tis  no  contemptible 
Play  for  Plot  and  Language.  It  is  commended 
for  an  excellent  one,  by  three  Copies  of  Verles 
prefix’d  to  it,  writ  by  his  Friends  \ One  of 
which  fays  thus  in  its  praife : 

Bees  from  a bruifed  Ox,  fays  Mar  o,  breed, 

But  thou  drawejl  Honey  from  a tatter'd  weed 1 
Seeing  thy  Wit ’s  fo  pure,  thy  ? hr afe  fo  clean, 
Thy  Senje  fo  weighty,  that  each  Line's  a Scene 
We'll  change  the  Song  (d),  and  cry  as  truly  too, 
Whither  may  not  This  thy  Poor  Scholar  go  ? 
This  fault  the  B eft-nos  d Criticks  only  J'mell, 
That  thy  Poor  Scholar  is  attir'd  too  well. 

Ben’r  Auditors  were  once  in  fitch  a mood, 

That  he  was forc’d  to  J'wear  his  Play  was  good  1 
Thy  Play  than  his,  doth  far  more  currant  go. 
For  without  Swearing,  we'll  believe  thine  fo. 

William,  ‘Duke  ^Newcastle* 

■ I am  now  arriv’d  at  a Nobleman,  whofe  He- 
roick  Ailions,  are  too  Copious  and  Illuftrious 
for  me  to  attempt  the  Defcription  of ; and  are 
a fitter  Subjeil  for  the  Pen  of  a Modern  Phi - 
tarch,  if  any  fuch  were  to  be  found,  than  for 
mine : I fhall  leave  therefore  the  Character  of 

(d)  An  Old  Siorg,  whole  Burden  was,  Alas  / Poor  Scholar 
Kfkaher  wilt  thou  go  ? 

B b this 


1 86  An  Account  of  the 

tins  Valiant  Heroe,  Careful  Tutor,  Wife 
Statefman,  Exadl  Courtier,  and  Loyal  Sub- 
je£l,  to  be  deferib’d  by  fonie  Illuflrious  Hi- 
ilorian ; or  elfe  refer  my  Reader  to  his  Life, 
already  writ  in  Latin  and  Englijh , by  the 
Hand  of  his  Incomparable  Dutchels : who  du- 
ring his  Life-time,  deferib’d  all  his  Glorious 
A&ions,  in  a Stile  lo  Noble  and  Mafculine, 
that  (he  feems  to  have  even  antedated  his  Apo- 
tbeojis.  But  tho’  I dare  not  pretend  to  deferibe 
his  Heroick  Atcliievements,  or  view  him  in 
the  Field,  as  a General;  yet  I fhall  prefume 
to  look  upon  him  in  his  Retirements,  and  con- 
fider  him  as  a Poet,  and  an  Author,  it  being  my 
immediate  Province. 

To  fpeak  firfl  of  his  Acquaintance  with 
the  MufeSy  and  his  affable  Deportment  to  all 
their  Votaries.  No  Perfon  fince  the  Time  of 
Augujlus  better  underfiood  Dramatick  Poetry, 
nor  more  generoufly  encourag’d  Poets;  fo  that 
we  may  truly  call  him  our  Englijh  Me c anas. 
He  had  a more  particular  kindnefs  for  that 
Great  Mailer  of  Dramatick  Poefy,  the  Excellent 
Johnfon; and  ’twas  from  him  that  he  attain’d  to  a 
perfedl  Knowledge  of  what  was  to  be  account. 
edTrue  Humour  in  Comedy.  How  well  he 
has  copy’d  his  Mailer,  I leave  to  the  Criticks : 
but  I am  fure  our  late,  as  well  as  our  prefent 
Laureaty  have  powerful  Reafons  to  defend  his 
Memory.  He  has  writ  four  Comedies,  which 
have  alv/ays  been  a£ted  with  applaufe ; viz. 

Country  Captahiy  a Comedy  lately  prefented 
by  his  Majeflies  Servants  at  the  Black-fry ars ; 
8*. /Vj  Grave  van  Hag.  Ant.  1(549.  I believe  this 
Play  was  writ  during  his  Exile.  Hu- 

I , ' 


Dramatick  Poets . 587 

Humorous  Lover*,  a Comedy  a£led  by  his 
Royal  Highnels’s  Servants  ; printed  4°.  Lond. 
1 577*  This  Play  equals  moft  Comedies  of  this 

■Age- 

Triumphant  Widow,  or  The  Medley  of  Hu- 
mours, a Comedy  a£ted  by  his  Royal  Highnefs’s 
Servants;  printed  40.  Lond.  1671.  This  was 
thought  fo  excellent,  a Play  by  our  prefent  Lau- 
reat,  that  he  has  tranfcrib’d  a great  part  of  it 
in  his  Bury-Fair. 

Variety,  a Comedy  prefented  by  his  Maje- 
flies  Servants  at  the  Blpck-fryars ; printed  8°. 
Lond.  1649.  This  Play,  and  Country  Captain , 
are  always  bound  together:  the  Duke’s  Name 
is  not  prefix’d  to  them,  but  I am  confident  they 
are  his,  from  feveral  Teftimonies ; fince  Mr. 
Alexander  Brome  writ  a Copy  in  praife  of  this 
Play,  dire&ed  to  his  Grace,  and  printed  before 
the  Comedy,  call’d  Covent  Garden  weeded:  and 
Mr  .Leigh  in  a Copy  directed  to  Mr.  Moj'ely  (the 
publilher  of  Mr.  Carthwright’s  Works ) in 
reckoning  what  Poetical  Treatifes  he  has  pre- 
fented the  Publick  with, names  thefe  two  Plays, 
in  the  following  Couplet : 

Then  /itwVNewcaflle’s  choice  Variety, 

With  his  Brave  Captain  held  up  Poetry. 

We  have  many  bther  Pieces  writ  by  this  In- 
genious Nobleman,  fcattered  up  and  down  in 
the  Poems  of  his  Dutchefs : all  which  feem  to 
confirm  the  Chara&er  given  by  Mr.  Shadwell , 
That  he  was  the  greateji  Majter  of  Wit,  the  moji 
exalt  Obferver  of  Mankind,  and  the  mojt  ac  urate 
fudge  c/’Humour,  that  ever  he  knew 
B b % 


Be 


/ 

388  An  Account  of  the 

Be  fide  s what  his  Grace  has  writ  in  Drama- 
tick  Poetry,  he  publifhed  during  his  Honour- 
able Exile  at  Antwerp , the  moll  Magnificent, 
and  withall  the  Belt  Book  of  Horfinanfhip,  that 
was  ever  yet  extant.  How  eminent  his  skill 
was  in  that  Noble  Art  of  Hrefjing  Horfes  in  the 
Manage , is  well  known  not  only  to  our  Coun- 
trymen but  to  all  Nations  of  Europe  : Perfons 
of  all  Countries,  and  thofe  of  the  belt  Quality 
crouding  to  his  Manage  at  Antwerp , to  fee  him 
ride.  Infomuch  that  Signior  del  Campo,  One  of 
the  mofl  knowing  Riders  of  his  Time,  faid  to 
the  Duke  (upon  his  Demounting)  as  it  were 
in  an  Extafie,  II  faut  tirer  la  Tlanche ; The 
Bridge  mujl  he  drawn  up : meaning  that  no  Ri- 
der muft  prefume  to  come  in  HorJ'emanJhip 
after  him.  M-  De  Soleil , (one  of  the  belt  Wri- 
ters that  I have  met  with  atnongft  th t French') 
when  he  enlarged  his  Le  Tar  fat  ft  Marefchal , 
borrowed  the  Art  of  Breeding  from  the  Duke’s 
Book,  as  he  owns  in  his  Avis  au  Le&eur ; and 
Riles  him  Un  des  plus  accomplis  Cavaliers  de 
noire  temps.  But  having  nam’d  this  For- 
eigners borrowing  from  his  Grace,  I fhould 
•juftly  deferve  to  be  branded  with  Ingratitude, 
fhould  I not  own,  That  ’tis  to  the  Work  of 
this  Great  Man,  that  I am  indebted  for  feveral 
Notions  borrow’d  from  his  Grace,  in  a little  Ef- 
fay  of  Horfemanfhip,  printed  8°.  Oxon.  i68f. 
Nay,  further,  I think  it  no  fmall  Glory  that  I 
am  the  only  Author  chat  I know  ofj  who  has 
quoted  him  in  Englifl).  He  has  written  two 
Books  of  Horfemanfhip;  the  firft  in  Frencby 
called  La  Methods  nouvelle  de  Qreffer  les  Che- 

vauXj 


• Dr umatick  Poets.  389 

vaux,  avec  Figures , Fol.  Ant.  165-8.  The  other 
in  Enghfi,  filled  A New  Method  and  Extraor- 
dinary Invention  to  drefs  Horfes , and  work,  them 
according  to  Nature,  as  aJfo  to  perfect  Nature  by 
the  Subtlety  of  Art , F ol.  Land.  \ 66  7.  The  firft 
Book  was  writ  by  the  Duke  in  Englijh , and 
made  French  at  his  command,  by  a Walton  ; and 
is  extraordinary  fcarce  and  dear.  The  latter 
(as  the  Duke  informs  his  Reader)  * Is  neither 
‘ a Tranflation  of  the  firfi,  nor  an  abfolutely 
* necef&ry  Addition  to  it,  and  may  be  of  ufe 
1 without  the 'other,  as  the  other  hath  been  hi- 
( therto,  and  flill  is  without  this ; but  both  to- 
i gether  will  queflionlefs  do  bell. 

I beg  my  Reader’s  Pardon,  if  I have  dwelt 
upon  this  Subject,  to  the  tryal  of  his  Patience  : 
but  I have  fo  great  a Value  for  the  Art  it  fclf^ 
and  fuch  a Refpeft  for  the  Memory  of  the  bell 
of  Horfemen,  that  I cannot  refrain  from  tref- 
palling  yet  further,  by  tranfcribing  an  Epi- 
gram writ  to  the  Duke,  on  this  Subje£l ; but 
it  being  the  produ£tion  of  the  Immortal  John- 
fon  («))  I hope  that  alone  will  attone  for  the 
Digreflion. 

-An  Epigram  to  William  Duke  of  Newcaftle.  ‘ 

When firft, my  Lord, I Jaw  you  backyour  Horfe, 
Provoke  his  Mettle,  and  command  his  force 
To  all  the  ujes  of  the  Field,  and  Race , 

Me  thought  I read  the  ancient  Art  o/'Th  race, 
ftndfaw,  a Centaure  pafi  thofe  tales  of  Greece, 
So feem’d  your  Horfi ?,  and  you  both  of  a piece  ! 

(0  Underwood,  p. 

Bb  1 Tou 


§ 90  An  Account  of  tfre 

You Jhew'd  like  Per  feus,  upon  Pegafus  ; 

Or  Caftor  mounted  on  his  Cylkrus  t 
Or  what  we  hear  our  home -born  Legend  tell 
Of  bold  Sir  Bevis,  and  his  Arundel : 

Nay  ^ joy  our  Seat  his  Beauties  did  endorfey 
Sis  I began  to  wijh  my  felf  a HorJ'e  : 
Andfurely  had  I but  your  Stables  feen 
Before : I think  my  wif)  abjolvd  had  been . 
For  never  Jaw  I yet  the  Mufes  dwell , 

Nor  any  of  their  Houjhold \ half  Jo  well. 

So  well ! as  when  If  aw  the  Floor , and  Roomt 
I loo  fd  for  Hercules  to  be  the  Groom  : 

And cry’dy  Away  with  the  Caefarian  Breedy 
At  thefe  immortal  Mangers  Virgil  fed. 

Margaret2)#fo&^<^NE\vc  astle 

A Lady  worthy  the  Mention  and  Efteein 
of  all  Lovers  of  Poetry  and  Learning.  One, 
who  was  a lit  Conlort  for  lo  Great  a Wit,  as 
the  Duke  of  Newcaftle.  Her  Soul  fympathifing 
with  his  in  all  things,  efpecially  in  Dramatick 
Poetry  ; to  which  Ihe  had  a more  than  ordinary 
propenfity.  She  has  publifht  fix  and  twenty 
Plays,  befides  feveral  loole  Scenes ; nineteen 
of  which  are  bound,  and  printed  in  one  Vo- 
lume in  Fol.  i£>6x.tthe  others  in  Folio,  Lond. 
1 668.  under  the  Title  of  Plays  never  before, 
•printed.  ■’:> , E' 

1 {hall  not  prefume  to  pals  my  Judgment  on 
the  Writings  of  this  Admirable  Dutchefs; 
but  rather  imitate  the  Carriage  of  Julius  Sca- 
Hger?  to  the  Roman  Sulpitia  \ by  concluding 

with 


Dramatick  Poets . 391 

with  him  (*),  Igitur  ut  tam  laudibilis  Heroina 
Ratio  habealur , non  aujim  objicere  ei  judicii  fe- 
veritatem.  I know  there  are  fome  that  have 
but  a mean  Opinion  of  her  Plays  ; but  if  it  be 
confider’d  that  both  the  Language  and  Plots  of 
them  are  all  her  own  : I think  {he  ought  with 
Juftice  to  be  prcferr’d  to  others  of  her  Sex, 
which  have  built  their  Fame  on  other  People's 
Foundations:  fure  I am,  that  whoever  will 
confide r well  the  feveral  Epiftles  before  her 
Books,  and  the  General  Prologue  to  all  her 
Plays,  if  he  have  any  fpark  of  Generality,  01 
Good  Breeding,  will  be  favourable  in  his  Cen- 
fure.  As  a proof  of  my  Affertion,  it  may  be 
proper  in  this  place,  before  I give  an  Account 
of  her  Plays,  to  tranfcribe  part  of  that  gene- 
ral Prologue,  the  whole  being  too  long  to  be 
here  inierted. 

But  Noble  Reader s,  do  not  think  my  Plays 
sire fuch  as  have  been  writ  informer  Days  ; 
sis  Johnlon,  Shakelpear,  Beaumont, Fletcher 
writ  ; 

Mine  want  their  Learning , Reading, Language, 
The  Latin  Phrafes  I could never  tell , [ Wit; 

-Ba/Johnfon  couldyvhich  made  him  mite Jb  well, 
Greek,  Latin  Poets , I could  never  read. ’ 

Nor  their  Hiftorians , but  our  Englijh  Speed : 
Icould  not fteal  their  Wit , nor  Plots  out  take  ; 
All  my  Pltys  Plots , my  own  poor  Brain  did 
make\ 

From  Plutarch  j Story , / nere  took  a Plot , 
Nor  from  Romances , nor  from  Don  Quixot, 

( i)  7ov.\,.6.Q.6. 

B b 4 As 


39?  An  Account  of  the 

As  others  have , fox  to  ajjifl  their  W it. 

But  I upon  my  own  Foundation  writ ; <$-c. 

I haften  now  to  give  an  Account  of  the  Ti- 
tles of  her  Plays,  according  to  our  accuftomed 
order;  viz. 

apocryphal  Ladies , a Comedy.  This  Play 
contifls  of  three  and  twenty  Scenes,  but  is  not 
divided  into  Adis. 

Bell  in  Campg , a Tragedy  in  two  parts : In 
thefecond  Play,  are  feveral  Copies  of  Verfes 
writ  by  the  Duke  of  Newcajlle. 

Blajing  IVi. or  Id ’ a Comedy : Tho’  this  be  {til'd 
a Play  in  former  Catalogues,  yet  it  is  but  a 
Fragment ; the  Authrefs  before  fhe  had  finilht 
the  fecond  Adi  defifted,  not  finding  her  Ge- 
nius tend  to  the  profecution  of  it. 

Bridals , a Comedy, 

Comical  Hajh , a Comedy  : This.  Play  has 
not  been  in  any  Catalogue  before. 

Convent  of  Pleafure,  a Comedy. 

Female  Academy , a Comedy. 

Lady  Contemplation , a Comedy  in  two  parts, 
Three  Scenes  in  the  firfHand  two  in  the  fecond 

' ' ’\  f i'  ! 

part,  Avere  writ  by  the  Duke. 

Loves  Adventures , in  two  parts,  a Comedy. 
The  Song,  and  the  Epithalamium , in  the  lafl 
Scene  in  the  fecond  part,  was  likewife  writ  by 
the  Duke. 

^Matrimonial Trouble y in  two  parts ; the  fe- 
cond being  a Tragedy,  or  as  the  Authrefs  fliles 
it,  a Tragi-comedy. 

Natures  three  ^Daughters , Beauty,  Love , and 
Wit ; a Comedy,  in  two  parts. 

Tre- 


Dramatick  Poets.  $9$ 

Prefence , a Comedy.  To  this  are  added 
twenty  nine  fingle  Scenes,  which  the  Dutchefs 
defign’d  to  have  inferred  into  this  Play, but  find- 
ing it  would  too  much  lengthen  it,  {he  printed 
them  feparately. 

Publick  Wooing , a Comedy,  in  which  the 
Duke  writ  feveral  of  the  Suitors  Speeches ; as 
that  of  the  Souldier,  the  Countryman,  the 
Spokefman  for  the  Bafhful  Suitor;  befides  two 
other  Scenes,  and  the  two  Songs  at  the  End  of 
the  Comedy. 

Religious,  a Tragi-comedy. 

Several  Wits,  a Comedy. 

Sociable  Companions,  or  The  Female  Wits,  a 
Comedy. 

Unnatm  al  Tragedy.  The  Prologue  and  Epi- 
gue,  Were  of  the  Duke’s  making.  A£l  2.  Sc.  3. 
the  Dutchefs  inveighs  againft.Mr.  Camb den’s 
Brittannia : tho’  whether  with  Juftice,  I leave 
it  to  the  Determination  of  others. 

Wits  Cabal,  a Comedy  in  two  parts  : His 
Grace  writ  the  Epilogue  to  the  firft  part. 

Touth' s Glory , andT)eattis  Banquet ; a Tra- 
gedy in  two  parts.  Tw6  Scenes  with  the 
Speeches  at  the  firft  part,  in  commendation  of 
'dMiU Sans  pareille,  were  writ  by  his  Grace; 
fo  were  all  the  Songs  and  Verfes  in  thelecond 
part. 

The  Blazing  World,  Bridal,  Convent  of  Plea' 
fare,  Prefence,  and  Sociable  Companions,  are 
printed  together  in  one  Volume ; and  the  reft 
in  another. 

As  to  her  other  Works,  I {hall  only  mention 
the  Titles,  and  the  Dates  when  printed ; and  I 

{hall 


£94  An  Account  of  the 

Shall  begin  with  the  Crown  of  her  Labours,  f 
The  Life  of  the  ‘Luke  of  Newcaftle,  in  Englifh, 
printed  Folio  Lond.  1667.  and  in  Latin  Folio 
Lend.  1 6(58  Nature's  ViSlure  drawn  by  Fancy's 
"Pencil  to  the  Life , printed  Fol.  Lond.  16 $6. 
at  the  End  of  it  fhe  has  writ  her  own  Life. 
Philofophical  Fancies,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  i6y%. 
Philofophical  and  Phyfical  Opinions , Fol.  Lond. 

16 yy.  Philofophical  Letters , Fol.  Lond.  1664. 
Two  Hundred  and  Eleven  Sociable  Letters, 
Fol.  Lond.  1664.  Orationsy  Fol.  i66a.  Poemsy 
FoL  16^3. 

Thomas  Newton. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  Queen 
Elizabeth  1 and  joyn’d  with  J of  per  Heywood> 
and  Alexander  Nevil  above-named  and. others, 

.613  the  Tranflation  oi  Seneca's  Tragedies.  Tho’ 
our  Author'  itranflated  but  one  Play,  .yet  he  pub- 
lifhed  all  the  Ten ; and  dedicated  them  to  Sir 
Ihomas  Henage,  Treafurer  of  her  Ma jellies 
Chamber.  The  Play  which  our  Author  has 
render’d  into  Englifh , is  intituled 

Thebaisj  a Tragedy.  This  by  fome  is  be- 
lieved not  to  be  Senecas-,  becaufe  in  this  Tra- 
gedy Joe  if  a appears  alive,  and  in  Oedipus  Ihe 
is  kill’d :and  it  is  not  likely  that  he  would  write 
two  'Drammas,  that  fhould  fo  very  much  differ 
in  the  Cataftrophe.  But  if  it  be  Seneca's,  ’tis 
she  Ihorteli  of  his  Tragedies, and  has  no  Chorus; 
anti  is  fa  id  by  One,  * to  be  Perpetuum  Canticum , 
mtUis  diverbiis  mcorruptum. 

I know  not  how  Mr.  Philips  (e)  came  to 

Cg)  fag.  t82.  * Thyfit  Collett.  Comm.  in  Ttag.  Se^ec._ 

^ aferibe 


Dramatick  Poets,  39$ 

a {cribe  Tamburlame  the  Great  to  this  Author ; 
for  tho’  Marloe' s Name  be  not  printed  in  the 
Title-page,  yet  both  in  Mr.  Kirkmans  and  my 
former  Catalogue  printed  1680.  his  Name  is 
prefix’d. 

Thomas  Nuce. 

An  Author  of  the  fame  Time,  and  joyn’d  in 
the  fame  Defign  with  the  former.  We  are 
owing  to  his  pains  for  the  Verfion  of  One  Play 
of  Seneca’s , called 

Off  avia,  a Tragedy.  This  is  the  only  Tra- 
gedy of  the  Ancients  that  I know  of,  that  is 
rounded  on  Hiftory  fo  near  the  time  of  the  Au- 
thor. I {hall  not  pretend  to  determine,  whe- 
ther it  was  writ  by  Seneca , or  no  : tho’  ‘Delrio 
and  others  deny  it.  For  the  Hiflory,  fee  Sue- 
tonius in  Vit.  Claud.  Nero.  Tacitus , L.12,.  C.14. 
Tdion , <jyc. 


o. 

Thomas  Otway. 

AN  Author  who  was  well  known  to  moft 
Perfons  of  this  Age,  who  are  famous  for 
Wit  and  Breeding.  He  was  formerly  (as  I have 
heard)bred forfome  time  inChrif -Church  Col- 
ledge  in  Oxford.  From  thence  he  removed  to 
London, where  he  fpent  fome  time  in  Dramatick 
Poetry ; and  by  degrees  writ  himfelf  into  Repu- 
tation with  the  Court.  His  Genius  in  Come- 
dy 


396  An  Account  of  the 

dy  lay  a little  too  much  to  Libertinifm,  but  in. 
Tragedy  he  made  it  his  bufinefs  for  the  rnoft 
part  to  obferve  the  ’Decorum  of  the  Stage.  He 
was  a man  of  Excellent  parts  and  daily  impro- 
ved in  his  Writing : but  yet  fometimes  fell  into 
plagiary  as  well  as  his  Contemporaries,  and 
made  ufe  of  Shakefpear,  to  the  advantage  of  his 
Turfe,  at  lead,  if  not  his  Reputation. 

He  has  publifht  ten  Dramatick  Pieces,  ( if 
we  may  be  allow’d  to  reckon  his  Farces  as  Di- 
ftind  Plays  ) of  which  we  fhall  give  the  Rea- 
der a particular  Account,  beginning  with 

Alcib'tades,  a Tragedy  acted  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  4°.  Lond.  1 6-1$.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles , Earl  of  c JMid- 
dlefex.  This  Play  is  writ  inHeroick  Verfe,  and 
was  the  firft  Fruits  of  our  Author’s  Mufe.  He 
has  made  Alcibiades,  a Perfonof  true  Honour, 
chufiftg  rather  to  loofe  his  Life,  than  wrong  his 
Defender  King  Agis,  or  his  betrothed  wife  Ti- 
tnandra:  whereas  Tlutarch  gives  him  a diffe- 
rent Character ; telling  us  that  in  the  King’s 
Abfence  he  abufed  his  Bed,  and  got  his  Queen 
Timaea  with  Child,  and  that  Timancfra  was  not 
his  Wife,  biK'his'Miflrefs-:  and  Juftm  fayes  (h) 
That  he  was  informed  of  the  defign  of  the  La- 
cedmooniaffPr  i nee  s againflhis  Life, by  theQueen 
of  King  Agis,  with  whom  he  had  committed- 
Adultery. 

At  he  iff  or  the  Second  part  of  The  Souldiers 
Fortune , a Comedy  a6led  at  the  Duke’s  The- 
atre, printed  40.  Lond.  1684.  and  dedicated  to 
the  Lord  Etandcj  Eldefl  Son  to  the  Marqiiefs 
v (h)  Lib.  >.  Cap 

i > * of 


Dramatick  Poets.  397 

of  Halifax . The  Plot  between  Beatigard  and 
‘Portia , is  founded  on  Arrow’s  Novel  of  The 
Invifible  Miftrejs. 

Cheats  of  Scapin,  a Farce  a&ed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  printed  40.  Lond.  1677.  ’Tis  printed 
with  Titus  and  Berenice , and  dedicated  to 
the  Right  Honourable  John , Earl  of  Ro- 
chejier.  This  Play  is  tranllated  from  a French 
Comedy  of  TMolhere  ; though  ’tis  not  printed 
amonglt  his  Plays  of  the  Amflerdam  Edition 
in  $ Tomes,  which  I have  by  me ; yet  that  it 
is  his,  I colled  from  M.Boileaus  Art  of  Poetry  ; 
where  fpeaking  of  Molliere  in  the  third  Canto, 
he  fays  thus : 

Efludiez  la  Coury  & connoiffez  la  Ville  ; 

L'une  <jy  l' autre  eft  toujour s en  Modeles fertile. 
C'ejl par  la  que  Molie  re  illu/lrant fes  Ecritsy 
Peut-ejlre  defon  Art  euft  remporte  le  prix  ; 

Si  mo  ins  ami  du  Peuple  en  fes  doEles  peintures, 
II  n euft point  fait  foment  grimacer fes  Figures , 
Quitti  pour  le  Boujfon , lagreable  fy  le  finy 
Et  fans  honte  a Terence  allie  Tabarin. 

Dans  ce  fac  ridicule , oh  Scapin  s’enveloppe , 

Je  ne  reconnois  point  /’  Auteur  ^Mifanthrope. 

But  notwithftanding  the  Farce  in  this  Come- 
dy, Molliere  has  borrow’d  the  Defign  from  Te- 
rence his  Thormio , as  may  be  vxlible  to  thofe 
that  will  compare  them. 

Cuius  Marius  his  Hiftory  and  Fall \ a Tragedy 
a ded  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  40.  Lond. 
1680.  and  dedicated  to  the  Ld  Vifcount  Faulk- 
land.  A great  part  of  this  Play  is  borrow’d 
from  Shake/pears  Romeo  and  Juliet ; as  the  Cha- 
racter 


3 98  Account  of  the 

raster  of  Marius  Junior, and  Lavinia  the  Nurfe, 
and  Sulpitius:  which  laft  is  carried  on  by  our 
Author  to  the  End  of  the  Play : though  Mr. 
Dryden  fays  in  his  Poftfcript  to  Granada, , ‘That 
‘ Shake [pear  faid  himfelf’  that  he  was  forc’d  to 
‘kill  Mercurio  in  the  3d.  Aft,  to  prevent  being 
‘kill’d  by  him,  For  the  true  Hiftory  of  Ma - 
rius  Senior,  fee  Tint  arch's  Life  of  C.  Marius  ; 
Lucan's  P barf  alia , lib.  z.  F lor  Us  lib.  3.  c.  21. 

Don  Carlos  Prince  of  Spain,  a Tragedy  afted 
at  the  Duke’s  Theatre ; printed  op. Lond.  167P. 
and  dedicated  to  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke. 
This  Play  is  writ  in  Heroick  Verfe,  as  well  as 
Alcibiades ; that  being  the  firft,  this  the  fecond 
that  ever  he  writ  or  thought  of  writing.For  the 
Hiftory, conlult  the  Spanfh  Chronicles,  as  Louis 
de  May  erne  \ Turquet's  Chronicle  of  Spain;  Cab- 
reras Life  of  ‘Philip  the  Second ; Thuanus\  Bran- 
tome , <(yc.  Tho’  I believe  our  Author  chiefly 
follow’d  the  Novel  of  Don  Carlos , tranflated 
from  the  French , and  printed  8°.  Lond.  1,674. 
which  is  the  moftperfeft  Account  of  that  Tra- 
gical Story  that  I have  met  with. 

Friendfhip  in  Fajhion , a Comedy  afted  at  his 
Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke’s  Theatre  ; printed 
40.  Lond.  1678.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable Charles , Earl  of  Dorfet  and  Middle - 
fex.  This  is  a very  diverting  Play,  and  was 
afted  with  general  applaufe. 

Orphan , or  The  Unhappy  Marriage ; a Tra- 
gedy afted  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke’s 
Theatre;  printed  4°.  Lond.  1680.  and  dedica- 
ted to  her  Royal  Highnefs  the  Dutchefs.  This 
is  a very  moving  Tragedy,  and  is  founded  on 

a 


Dramatic k Poet  si 

a Novel,  call’d  Enghjh  Adventures:  See  the  Hi- 
ftory  of  Brandon , p.  1 7. 

Souldiers  Fortune , a Comedy  ailed  by  their 
Royal  Highnefs’s  Servants,  at  the  Duke’s  The- 
atre ; printed  40.  Lond.  1681.  This  Play  isde- 
dicated  to  Mr.  Bentley  his  Stationer:  and  is 
(as  he  fays)  a fort  of  Acquittance  for  the  Mo- 
ney receiv’d  for  the  Copy.  There  are  feverai 
paflages  in  this  Play,  that  have  been  touch’d 
before  by  others : As  for  Inftance,  the  Plot  of 
My  Lady  Dunce,  making  her  Husband  the  A- 
gent  in  the  Intrigue  between  Beaugard  and 
her,  to  convey  the  Ring  and  Letter , is  the 
Subjeilof  other  Plays  writ  before  this;  as  The 
Favone , and  Fiords  Vagaries : and  the  Original 
Story  is  in  Boccace' s Novels,  Day  3 . Nov-  3.  Sir 
Jolly  boulting  out  of  his  Clofer,  and  furprifing 
"his  Lady  and  Beaugard  killing,  and  her  De- 
portment thereupon;  is  borrow’d  from  Scar- 
rods  Comical  Romance , zn  the  Story  of  tSMill- 
amant , or  The  Rampant  Lady,  p.  217.  tlio’  by 
the  way,  that  Story  is  not  in  the  French  Copy, 
and  I fuppofe  was  not  writ  by  Scar  r on-,  but  was 
rather  tranflated  from  Les  Amours  des  Dames 
lUujlres  de  notre  Siecle.  The  Behaviour  of 
Bloody -hones , is  like  the  Bravo , in  the  Anti- 
quary ; and  that  of  Courtine  at  Silvia’s  Balcony, 
like  dMon/ieur  Thomas  his  Carriage  to  his  Mi- 
flrefs,  in  that  Play  of  Fletcher's  fo  called. 

Titus  and  Berenice,  a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre ; printed^.  Lond.  1677.  and 
dedicated  with  the  Cheats  of  Scapin , as  afore- 
faid.  This  Play  is  tranflated  from  the  French 
of  tjMonJieur  Racine : it  confifts  of  three  Ails, 

and 


4oo  An  Account  of  the 

and  is  written  in  Heroick  Vcrfe.  For  the  Story 
of  Titus  and  Berenice , fee  Suetonius  in  his  Life, 
Ch.  7.  See  befides  Jofephus,  2) ion,  &c. 

Venice  preferred , ox.  A Tlot  dij covered ; a 
Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre ; printed 
40.  Lond.  168  a.  and  dedicated  to  the  Dutchefs 
of  Tortfmouth.  I have  not  at  prefent  any  par- 
ticular Hiftory  of  Venice  by  me,  but  fuppofe 
this  Story  may  be  found  in  fbme  of  the  Writers 
on  the  Venetian  Affairs ; as  B embus , Sabellicus , 
xJMaurocenus , TarUta , fyc. 

Befides  his  Dramatick  Poems,  our  Author 
writ  a Stitcht  Poem,  call’d  The  Toet's  Complaint 
to  his  Mufe , printed  4°.  Lond.  1680.  and  a Pa- 
ftoral  on  King  Charles  the  Second,  printed  with 
Mrs.  Behns  Lycidas , 8°.  p.  8 1 . Add  to  thefe  his 
Tranflation  out  of  Trench , being  a Book  call’d 
The  Hiftory  of  the  Triumvirates , printed  fince 
his  Deceafe  8°.  Lond.  1686. 


p. 

John  Palsgrave. 

AN  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Henry  the  Eighth.  He  was  Bachelor  of 
Divinity,  but  of  what  Univerfity  I know  not, 
and  was  Chaplain  to  the  King.  He  printed  a 
Play  in  an  Ola  Englifh  Character,  call’d 

AccolaJluSj  a Comedy  printed  40.  1 j-40.  and 
dedicated  to  King  Henry  she.  Eighth.  This 
Play  was  tranflated  from  the  Latine  Accolaftus 
written  by  Guliclmus  Fullonius , the  Englilh  be- 


Dramatick  Poets.  401 

ing  printed  after  the  Laune.  The  Plot  is  the 
Parable  of  the  Prodigal  Son  in  the  Gofpel,  and 
the  Author  has  endeavour’d  to  imitate  Terence 
and  Tlautus  in  the  Oeconomy  : ’Twas  fet  forth 
by  the  Author  FnUonius , before  the  Burgeffes 
of  the  Hague  in  Holland, \ An.Dom.  15-29. 

This  Author  publifht  belides  L Eclaircijfe* 
ment  de  la  Longue  Franco  ij'e.  — 15-30. 

v George  Peel. 

An  Author  that  liv'd  in  the  Reign  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , and  was  formerly  Student,  and  Mr. 
of  Arts  of  Chrijt-Church  Colledge  in  Oxford. 

He  is  the  Author  of  Two  Plays,  which  are  in 
print ; viz. 

David  and  Bethfdbe  their  Love,  with  the  Tra- 
gedy of  Abfalom,  divers  times  play’d  on  the 
Stage ; and  printed  40.  Lond.  15-99.  This  Play 
is  founded  on  Holy  Scripture  : See  Samuel , 
Kings,  f/yc. 

Edward  the  Firfi , Sirnamed  Edward  Long - 
franks,  with  his  Return  from  the  Holy  Land. 

Alfo  the  Life  of  Llewellin  Rebel  in  Wales. 
Laflly  the  finking  of  Queen  Elinor,  who  funk  ' 
at  Charing-Crofs , rofe  again  at  Totters  Hit  he, 
now  named  ^ueen-hithe\  printed  4°  Lond.  1^93. 

For  the  Story  fee  the  Authors  that  have  writ 
of  thofc  times ; as  W aljingham , Fabian , Matth. 
Weftm.  Pol.  Virgil , Grafton , HoUingfhead. ’ Stow , 
Speed,  Martyn , Baker,  ike. 

I am  not  ignorant,  that  another  Tragedy, 
to  wit,  Alphonjus  Emperor  of  Germany, is  Scri- 
bed to  him  in  former  Catalogues,  which  has 

C c oc- 


N 


402  An  Account  of  the 

occafion’d  Mr.  Winjlanley'%  miftake  : but  I af- 
fure  my  Reader,  that  that  Play  was  writ  by 
Chapman , for  I have  it  by  me  with  his  Name 
affixt  to  it. 

Mr.  Philips  mentions  fome  Remnants  of  his 
Poetry  extant  in  a.  Book  call’d  England's  Helli- 
con , which  I never  faw. 


Mary  Count efs  of  Pembroke. 

The  belov’d  Siller  of  the  Admirable  Sr.  Philip 
Sidney  ( to  whom  he  dedicated  his  Arcadia ) and 
Patron  to  the  Ingenious  'Daniel.  A Lady  whofe 
Inclinations  led  her  not  only  to  the  Patronage 
but  love  of  the  Mufes : as  appears  by  a Tragedy 
ofHers  in  print,  call’d  Antonius. 
regret  I never  yet  law,  though  I 
delired  it;  it  is  thus  commended 
in  his  Dedication  of  Cleopatra. 

/,  who  contented  with  an  humble  Song , 

Made  Mujich  to  my  felf  that  pleas'd  me  befi , 
And  only  told  o/Delia,  and  her  wrong,  [ unrejl , 
And  prais'd  her  Eyes , and  plain'd  mine  own 
A Text,  from  whence  my  MuJ'e  had  not  digrejl , 
Had  I not J'een  thy  well  grac'd  Anthony, 
Adorn'd  by  thy  fweet  file,  in  our fair  Tongue , 
Requir'd  his  Cleopatra  r Company. 

Mr.  Philips  through  miftake  (as  formerly) 
has  alcrib’d  another  Play  to  her,  viz.  Albion's 
Triumph , a Mafque.  I know  nothing  elfe  of 
this  Admirable  Lady’s  Writing. 


, which  to  my 
have  earneftly 
by  Mr.Daniel, 


Mrs, 


Dramatick  Poets.  405 

Mrs.  Katherine  Philips. 

A Lady  of  that  admirable  Merit,  and  Repu- 
tation, that  her  Memory  will  be  honour’d  of 
all  Men,  that  are  Favourers  of  Poetry.  One, 
who  not  only  has  equall’d  all  that  is  reported 
of  the  Poetefles  of  Antiquity,  the  Lesbian  Sapho , 
and  the  Roman  Sulpitia,  but  whole  Merit  has 
juRly  found  her  Admirers,  amongR  thegreateR 
Poets  of  our  Age  : and  though  I will  not  pre- 
fume to  compare  our  Poets  with  Martial \ who 
writ  in  praife  of  Sulpitia , or  Horace , Aujonuts, 
and  Sydonius , who  commended  Sapho,  leafl  I 
offend  their  Modelty  who  are  Rill  living : yet 
I will  be  fo  far  bold  as  to  allert,  that  the  Earls 
of  Orrery  and  RoJ'common,  the  Incomparable 
Cowley  and  the  Ingenious  Flat  man,  with  o- 
thers  (amongR  whom  I muR  not  forget  my 
much  relpe&ed  Countryman  James  TyrrelPScf) 
would  not  have  employ’d  their  Pens  in  praife 
of  the  Excellent  Orinda , had  Ihe  not  juRly  de- 
ferv’d  their  Elogies,  and  poRibly  more  than 
thofe  Ladies  of  Antiquity:  for  as  Mr.  Cowley 
obferves,  in  his  third  Stanza  on  her  Death, 

Of  Female  Poets , who  had  Names  of  old \ 
Nothing  is  [hewn  but  only  told \ 

And  all  we  hear  of  them , perhaps  may  be 
Male  Flattery  only , and  Male  Poetry  ; 

Few  Minutes  did  their  Beauties  Lightning  xvajle , 
The  Thunder  of  their  V dee  did  longer  l aft , 

But  that  too  foon  was  paft. 

The  certain  proofs  of  our  Orinda’.r  ffTit , 

Inker  own  lifting  Characters  are  writ , 

Cc  2 And 


404  An  Account  of  the 

And  thej  will  long  my  Traife  of  them  furvive , 
Tho'  long  perhaps  that  too  may  live. 

The  Trade  of  Glory  manag'd  hy  the  ‘Pen 
Tho'  great  it  be,  and  every  where  is  found, 
‘Does  bring  in  but  [mall  profit  to  us  Men , 

5 Tis  by  the  numbers  of  the  Sharers  drown  d • 
Orinda,  in  the  Female  Courts  of  Fame 
Engrojfes  all  the  Goods  o f a Toetick  Name , 
She  doth  no  'Partner  with  her  fee  ; 

Does  all  the  bui/inef  there  alone,  Which  we 
Are  forc'd  to  carry  on  by  a whole  Company. 

The  Occafion  of  our  mention  of  this  Ex- 
cellent Perfon  in  this  place,  is  on  the  Account 
of  two  Dramatick  Pieces,  which  fhe  has  tranfi 
lated  from  the  French  of  Monfieur  Corneille ; 
and  that  with  fuch  exquifite  Art  and  Judgment, 
that  the  Copies  of  each  feem  to  tranfcend  the 
Original. 

Horace , a Tragedy;  which  I fuppofe  was 
left  nnperfedt  by  the  untimely  Death  of  the  Au- 
threfs  ; and  the  fifth  Adt  was  afterwards  fup- 
plv  cl  by  Sir  John  Denham . This  Play  was  adfed 
at  Court,  by  Perfons  of  Quality ; the  Duke  of 
Monmouth  fpeaking  the  Prologue : Part  of 
which  being  in  Commendation  of  the  Play,  I 
fhall  tranfcribe. 

This  Mar  tiaJStory  yvhich  thro'  F ranee  did  come , 
And  there  was  wrought  in  Great  Corneille  j' 
Loom  ; 

Orinda’-t  Matchlefs  Mufe  /o  Brittain  brought , 
And  For  reign  Verfe,  our  Englifh  Accents 
So  foft  that  to  our  frame, we  underftand  [ taught ; 
They  could  not fall  but  from  a LadyV  Hand. 

Thus 


Dramatick  Roetf.  40  5 

Thus  while  a Woman  Horace  did  trknjlate, 
Horace  did  rife  above  a Roman  Fate. 

For  the  Plot  of  this  Play,  confult  Livy’ s Hiffo- 
ry,  Lib.  1.  Floras  Lib.  i.'C.  3.  Diony/ius  Halli- 
carnajjieus , fyc. 

Tompey , a Tragedy,  which  I have  feen  ailed 
with  great  applaufe,at  the  Duke’s  Theatre;  and 
at  the End  was  ailed  that  Farce  printed  in  the 
fifth  Ail  of  The  Tlay-houfe  to  be  Let.  This  Play 
was  tranflated  at  the  Requeft  of  the  Earl  of  Or-  * 
rery,  and  publifhed  in  Obedience  to  the  Com- 
mands of  the  Right  Honourable  the  Countefs 
of  Corje  ; to  whom  it  is  dedicated.  How  great 
an  Opinion  My  Ld  Orrery  had  of  this  Play, may 
appear  from  the  following  Verfes,  being  part 
of  a Copy  addreft  to  the  Authrefs. 

Tou  Englijh  Corneille ’j  Pompey  with  fuels 

Flame, 

That  you  both  raife  our  wonder  and  his  Fame  * 
If  he  could  read  it,  he  like  us  would' call 
The  Copy  greater  than  the  Original : 

Tou  cannot  mend  what  is  already  done , 

Unlefi  you' l finifh  what  you  have  begun  .* 

Who  your  Tranjlation  fees , cannot  but  fay. 
That  ’ tis  Orinda’r  Work,  and  but  his  Play, 

The  French to  learn  our  Language  now  willfeek. 
To  hear  their  Greateffc  Wit  more  nobly  fpeak  ; 
Rome  too  would  grant,  were  our  Tongue  to  her 
known , 

Csefar  fpeaks  better,  in't,  than  in  his  own . 

And  all  thofe  W reaths  once  circled  Pompey  ^ 
Brow, 

Exalt  his  Fame,  lefs  than  your  Verfes  now. 

Cc  3 J Both 


406  An  Account  of  the 

Both  theft  Plays  with  the  reft  of  her  Poems, 
are  printed  in  one  Volume  in  Fol.  Lond.  1678. 
This  Hady  to  the  Regret  of  all  the  Beau  Monde 
in  general,  died  of  tire  Small -pox,  on  the  zzd. 
of  June  1664.  being  but  One  and  Thirty  Years 
of  Age,  having  not  left  any  of  her  Sex  , her 
Equal  in  Toetry. 

Sam.  Pordage,  Efq; 

A Gentleman  who  was  lately  ( if  he  be  not 
fo  at  prelent)  a Member  of  the  Worthy  Socie- 
ty of  Lincolns -Inti.  He  has  publifht  two  Plays 
in  Heroick  Verfe,  viz. 

Herod  cmd  UMariamne,  a Tragedy  ailed  at 
the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and  printed  op-. Lond.  1673. 
This  Play  was  writ  a dozen  Years,  before  it 
was  made  publick,  and  given  to  Mr.  Settle  by 
a Gentleman,  to  uft  and  form  as  he  pleas'd : 
he  preferr’d  it  to  the  Stage,  and  dedicated  it  to 
the  Dutehefs  of  Albertnarle.  For  the  Plot,  I 
think  tlie  Author  has  follow’d  Mr.  Calpranede's, 
Cleopatra , a Romance,  in  the  Story  of  Lyrtda- 
tes : bill  for  the  true  Hiftory,' confult  Jo~ 
fe pirns , Pbih-Judaus , Eberus , Egyfppus,  (pyc. 

Siege  of  Babylon,  a Tragi-comeay,  ailed  at 
the  Theatre ; dedicated  to  her  Royal  Highnels 
the  Dirtchefs,  and  printed  40.  Lond.tGJ^.  This 
Play  is  founded  on  the  Romance ' of  Caffandra. 


Henry  Porter. 

An  Author  in  the  Reign  of  Que en  Elizabet h, 
who  writ  a pleafant  Hiftory,  called  The  two 

ATT  ‘ jn- 


Dvamatick  Poets.  407 

Angry  Women  of  Abington,  with  the  humorous 
Mirth  of  Dick  Coomes,  and  Nicholas  Proverbs, 
two  Servingmen  ; play’d  by  the  Right  Honou- 
rable, the  Earl  of  Nottingham , Ld  High  Admi- 
ral’s Servants,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1599. 

Thomas  Porter,  Efq; 

An  Author  that  has  writ  in  our  Times  two 
Plays,  which  are  receiv’d  with  Candor,  by  all 
Judges  of  Wit ; viz. 

Carnival , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal,  by  his  Maiefties  Servants ; printed  40. 
Lond.  i6<54. 

Villain , a Tragedy,  which  I have  feen  ailed 
at  the  Duke’s  Theatre  with  great  applaufe  : the 
part  of  Malignii  being  incomparably  play’d  by 
Mr.  Sandford. 

What  this  Author  may  have  writ  befides,  I 
know  not;  and  am  forry  I can  give  no  better 
Account  of  One,  whofe  Writings  I love  and 
admire. 

George  Powel. 

A Perfon  now  living  , the  Author  of  a 
Tragedy,  call’d 

7 he  treacherous  Brother , ailed  by  their  Ma- 
jeflies  Servants,  at  the  Theatre-Royal ; and 
printed  40.  Lond.  1690.  ’Tis  dedicated  to  the 
Patentees,  ahd  Sharers  of  their  Majesties  The- 
atre; and  commended  by  a Copy  of  Latin. 
Verfes,  writ  by  his  Fellow- Ailor  Mr.  John 
Hudgfon.  For  the  Foundation  of  the  Play,  1 
take  it  to  be  borrow’d  from  a Romance  inFol. 

C c 4 call’d 


408  An  Account  of  the 

call’d  The  Wall  Flower : and  tho’  they  are  not 
alike  in  all  particulars,  y^t  any  One  that  will 
take  the  pains  to  read  them  both,  will  find 
the  Soporifick  Potion,  given  to  IJlocles  and 
Semanthe , to  be  the  fame  in  quantity,  with  that 
given  to  Honor  1 a,  AmariJJa  and  Hortenjia , in 
the  aforefaid  Romance. 

Thomas  Preston. 

A very  ancient  Author,  who  writ  a Play  in 
old  fafhion’d  Metre ; which  he  calls  A La- 
mentable Trageay, mixed  lull  of  pleafant  Mirth ; 
containing  the  Life  of  Cambifes  King  of  Terjia , 
from  the  beginning  of  his  Kingdom  unto  his 
Death,  his  one  good  deed  of  Execution , after 
the  many  wicked  Deeds , and  tyrannous  Mur- 
ders committed  by  and  through  him  ; and  lajl 
of  all  his  odious  Death , by  Godsjujlice  appointed 
Done  in  fuch  order  as  followeth ; printed  40. 
Lond.  — by  JohnAllae.  In  Head  of  naming 
more  than  Juft  in  and  Herodotus , fof  the  true 
Story,  I fliall  fet  down  the  beginning  of  this 
Play,  {poke  by  King  Cambifes ; not  only  to 
give  our  Reader  a Tafle  of  our  Author’s  Poetry; 
but  becaufe  I believe  it  was  this  Play  Shake- 
fpear  (')  meant,  when  he  brought  in  Sir  John 
Faljl/iff]  fpeaking  in  K.  Cambyfes  Vein. 

: fftfy  Counfaile  grave  and  fapient7 
with  Lords  of  Legal  Train : 

Attentive  eares  towards  m bend, 
and  mar kj what  Jhall  be  fain. 

ivTTa'zl 


4 ?9 


Dramatick  Poets. 

So  you  lihewife  my  valiant  Knight 
whofc  manly  aSls  doth  fly, 

By  brute  of  Fame  the  founding  trump 
doth  perfe  the  azure  Sky. 

(JMy  Japient  words  I fay  perpend 
and  Jo  your  skill  delate  : 

2'ou  know  that  Mors  vanyuijhed  hath 
Cyrus  that  King  offlate , 

And  I by  due  Inheritance 
poffefs  that  Princely  Crown  : 
Ruling  by  fword  of  mighty  force 
in  place  of  great  Renown. 


The  Author  of  a Tragedy, called  Hyppolitus , 
(which  as  I fuppofe  is  tranllated  from  Seneca) 
tho’  I never  faw  it ; but  have  heard  ’twas  print- 
ed in  octavo.  Mr.  Philips  and  Mr.  IVinftanley , 
have  placed  another  Play  to  his  Accdunt,  viz. 
The  Hectors : but  it  was  a fault,  which  I fup- 
pofe they  were  led  into  by  my  Catalogue, 
printed  1 680.  as  I my  felfwas;  tho’  I mult 
mow  afluremy  Reader,  That  that  Play  has  no 
Name  to  it,  "and  in  Mr.  Kirkman’%  Catalogue  is 
fet  down  as  an  Anonymal  Play. 


THis  Gentleman  was  Son  fo  James  Quarles, 
Efq;  who  was  Clerk  of  the  Green-Cloth , 
,and  Purveyor  to  Queen  Elizabeth.  He  was 


Edmund  Prestwith. 


Francis  Quarles,  Efq; 


Bom 


410  An  Account  of  the 

Born  at  Stewards,  in  the  Parifh  of  Rumford  in 
EJJ'ex.  He  was  fent  to  Cambridge,  and  was 
bred  for  fome  time  in  Chrift-Church  Colledge  : 
afterwards  he  became  a Member  of  Lincolns - 
Inn , in  London.  He  was  fometime  Cup-bearer 
to  the  Queen  of  Bohemia ; Secretary  to  the  Re- 
verend James  Ufoer,  Archbiffiop  of  Armagh ; 
and  Chronologer  to  the  Famous  City  of  Lon- 
don. He  was  a Poet  that  mix’d  Religion  and 
Fancy  together;  and  was  very  careful  in  all 
his  Writings  not  to  intrench  upon  Good  Man- 
ners, by  any  Scurrility,  in  his  Works ; or  any 
ways  offending  againlt  his  Duty  to  God,  his 
Neighbour,  and  himfelf.  The  Occafion  of  our 
Mentioning  him  in  this  place,  is  from  his  be- 
ing the  Author  of  an  Innocent,  Innoffenlive 
Play,  called 

The  Virgin  Widow,  a Comedy,  printed  4®. 
■Lond.  1649. 

As  to  his  other  Works,  they  are  very  nume- 
rous : thofe  which  I have  feen,  are  his  Hiftory 
of Sampfon  in  Verfe ; Jonah , Ejlhcr,Job  Militant. 
His  Emblems , are  reputed  by  fome,  a Copy 
of  Hermannus  Hugo's  Tia  Defideria;  Anni- 
verfaries  upon  his  Taranete.  Tentalogia,ox  The 
Quinteffence  of  Meditation  ; Argalus  and  Par- 
thenia;  being  founded  on  a Story,  in  Sir  Phi- 
lip Sydneys  Arcadia.  Enchiridion  of  Medita- 
tions Divine  and  Moral.  Nor  muff  I forget  his 
Loyal  Convert,  tho’  I never  faw  it;  being  a 
Caufe  of  his  Perfecution,  by  the  Ufurped  Au- 
thority then  in  being. 

The  troubles  of  Ireland. ’ forc’d  him  from 
thence:  fo  that  he  dy’d  in  his  Native  Country, 

Sept. 


Dramatick  "Poets.  41 1 

Sept .8. 1644.  being  aged  42.  Years,  and  the  Fa- 
ther of  eighteen  Children,  by  one  Wife;  and 
was  buried  at  St.  Fojler’s  Church,  London. 


R. 

Thomas  Randolph. 

HE  Flourilht  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles 
the  Firft;  and  was  Born  at  Houghton , in 
Northamptonjhire ; from  whence  he  was  fent 
for  Education  to  Wejiminfier  School;  and 
thence  was  remov’d  to  Cambridge , where  he 
became  Fellow  oi  Trinity  Colledge  in  that  Uni- 
verllty.  He  was  accounted  one  of  the  moll 
pregnant  Wits  of  his  Time ; and  was  not  only 
admir’d  by  the  Wits  of  Cambridge , but  like- 
wife  belov’d  and  valu’d  by  the  Poets,  and  Men 
of  the  Town  in  that  Age.  His  Gay  Humour, 
and  Readinefs  at  Repartee,  begat  Ben.  John- 
fon’s  Love  to  that  Degree,  that  he  Adopted  him 
his  Son : on  which  Account  Mr.  Randolph  writ 
a Gratulatory  Poem  to  him,  which  is  printed, 
thefe  Lines  being  part  of  the  Copy : 

• 1 

When  7 ny  Mufe  upon  obedient  knees 

Asks  not  a Father's  BlefJing } let  her  leefe 
The  Fame  o f this  Adoption  ; ’tis  a Curfe 
I wifi  her  ’cdufe  I cannot  think  a worfe. 

How  true  a Filial  Love  he  pay’d  to  his  Re- 
putation, may  appear  from  his  Anfwer  to 
that  Ode,  which  Ben.  writ  in  Defence  of  his 
NewTnn , and  which  Mr.  leltham  reply ’d 

upon 


412  An  Account  of  the 

upon  fo  fharply.  Having  given  you  the  two 
former,  in  my  Account  of  Mr.  Johnfon  ; give 
me  leave  likewife  to  tranfcribe  this  in  Honour 
of  Mr.  Randolph , whole  Memory  I reverence, 
for  his  Refpe&  to  that  Great  Man. 

An  Anfwer  to  M r. Ben Johnf ms  Ode,  toper- 
fwade  him  not  to  leave  the  Stage. 

I. 

Ben,  do  not  leave  the  Stage, 

’Caufe  ’tis  a loathfome  Age  : 

For  'Pride  and  Impudence  will  grow  too  hold. 
When  they  Jhall  hear  it  told 
They  frighted  thee  ; ft  and  high  as  is  thy  Caufe , 
Their  Hifi  is  thy  Applaufe : 

IMorejuB  were  thy  Dijdain , 

Had  they  approv'd  thy  Ft tin  : 

So  thou  jor  them , and  they  for  thee  were  lorn  ; 
They  to  incenfe , and  thou  as  much  to  fcorn. 

II. 

Will't  thou  engrofs  thy  Store 
Of  Wheat , and  pour  no  more , 

Becaufe  their  Bacon-brains  have  fuch  a taB, 
As,  more  delight  in  MaB  : 

No  ! Jet  them  forth  a board  of  Dainties,  full 
As  thy  hef  t Mvfe  can  ‘cull ; 

Whilft  they  the  while  do  pine 
And  thirft , tnidjl  all  their  Wine. 

What  greater  plague  can  Hell  it  f elf  devife. 
Than  to  be  willing  thus  to  Tantalized 

III. 

Thou  cartjl  not  find  them  fluffy 
7 hat  will  be  bad  enough 

To 


Dramatick  Poets.  41? 

To  pleafe  their  ? dilates  : let  'em  them  refufe, 
For  fome  Py  e-Corner  Mufe  ; 

She  is  too  fair  an  Hojlefs , 'twere  a fin 
For  them  to  like  thine  Inn : 

5 T was  made  to  entertain 
GuePls  of  a Nobler  Strain  ; 

Yet  if  they  will  have  any  of  thy  Store , [dore. 
Give  them  fome  /crops,  and  fend  them  from  thy 

IV, 

And  let  thofe  things  in  plajh 
Till  they  be  taught  to  blufh, 

Like  what  they  will , and  more  contented  be 
IVith  what  Brome  [ffwept  from  thee. 

I know  thy  worth , and  that  thy  lofty  Strains 
Write  not  to  C loath  s,  but  Brains  : 

But  thy  great  Spleen  doth  rife , 

’ Caufe  Moles  will  have,  no  Eyes  : 

This  only  in  my  Ben  / faulty  find. , 

He's  angry , they  l not  fee  him  that  are  blind. 

V. 

Why  Jhould  the  Scene  be  mute, 

'Caufe  thou  canfl  touch  thy  Late , 

, And  firing  thy  Horace  ; let  each  Mu  ft r of  Nine 
Claim  thee , and  fay,  77/  art  mine. 

T were  fond  to  let  all  other  Flames  expire, 

To  fit  by  Pindar  7 Fire : 

For  by  fo  fir ange  Neglefl, 

I fhould  my  felf  fufpefi. 

The  Palfie  ( b)  were  as  well  thy  Brains  difeafe, 
Tf  they  could  fake  thy  Mufe  which  way  they 
pleafe. 


( a ) His  Man  Rich  Brant! ; See  an  Actount  of  his  Plays  be* 
dire.  (b)  He  had  the  Ptlfit  at  that  time. 

VI, 


414  An  Account  of  the 
VI. 

And  tho  thou  well  canjlfing 
The  Glories  of  thy  King  ; 

And  on  the  wings  of  Ferfe  his  Chariot  hear 
To  Heaven , and fix  it  there  ; 

Tet  let  thy  MuJ'e  as  well  J'ome  Raptures  raife. 
To  pleaj'e  him,  as  to  praife. 

I would  not  have  thee  chuj'e 
Only  a treble  MuJ'e  ; 

But  have  this  Envious , Ignorant  Age  to  know , 

Thou  that  canjlfing  Jo  high , canjl  reach  as  low. 

There  was  another  Copy  of  Verfes  writ  by 
Mr.  Carew  to  Mr.  Johnfon , on  occalion  of  his 
Ode  of  Defiance,  annexed  to  his  Play  of  the 
Hew- Inn : See  his  Poems,  8°.  p.  90. 

Having  given  you  a talfe  of  his  Lyrick  Poe- 
try, I now  proceed  to  his  Dramatic  Perfor- 
mance ; of  which  (according  to  our  Cuftom  ) 
I {hall  fpeak  Alphabetically.  , 

Arnyntas , ox  The  Impoffible  Dowry ; a Pa  flo- 
ral, a£ted  before  the  King  and  Queen  at  White- 
hall. 

Arijlippus , or  The  Jovial  Thilofopher ; pre- 
fented  in  a private  Shew  ; to  which  is  added 
The  Conceited  Tedlar. 

Jealous  Lovers , a Comedy  prefented  to  their 
Gracious  Majeflies,  at  Cambridge , by  the  Stu- 
dents of  Trinity  Coiledge ; and  dedicated  to  Dr. 
Comber , D.  of  Carlile.  This  Play  I think  to  be 
the  belt  of  his,  and  was  revived  on  the  Stage, 
at  London , in  16^1.  as  may  appear  by  an  Epi- 
logue written  by  M.xs.Behn,  and  printed  in  her 
Collection  of  Poems , publifhed  8°.  Lend.  i<58y. 

This 


Vramatick  Poets.  415 

This -Play  was  revifed  and  printed  by  the  Au- 
thor, in  his  Life-time ; being  ufher’d  by  the 
Chief  Wits  of  both  Univerfities  to  the  Prefs, 
One  of  which  fays  (c)  thus  of  it : 

Tho  thou  haft  made  it  public  k to  the  view 
Of  Self-love , Malice , and  that  other  Crew  : 

It>  were  more  fit  it  Jhould  impaled  lye 
Within  the  walls  of  Jome  great  Library  ; 
That  if  by  chance  through  Injury  of  Time, 
Plautus,  and  Terence,  and  that  {ft}  Fragrant 
Thyme 

Of  Attick-Wit  Jhould  perijh , we  might  fee 
fill  thofe  reviv'd  in  his  own  Comedy. 

The  Jealous  Lover , Tander , Gulf  and  Whore , 
The  Doting  Father , Shark , and  many  more 
Thy  Scene  doth  reprejent  unto  the  Life, 
Bejides  the  Character  of  a curft  Wife  ; 

So  truly  given  in  fo  proper  Stile , 

As  if  thy  Active  Soul  had  dwelt  a while 
In  each  Mans  Body  ; and  at  length  hadfeen 
How  in  their  Humors  they  themf elves  demean. 
dMufes  Looking-Glafs,  a Comedy,  which  by 
the  Author  was  tidl  called  The  Entertainment ; 
as  I learn  from  Sir  Afton  Cock  a in's  Works,  who 
writ  an  Encomiqftick  Copy  on  it.  See  his 
Works,  p.  98.  As  to  this  Play,  it  anfwers  both 
the  Defigns  of  Poetry,  Profit,  and  Delight: 
and  what  a Student  of  Chrift-churcb , Mr.  Rich. 
Weft , faid  of  it,  will  be  found  true  by  every 
Reader. 


Who  looks  within  his  dearer  Gluts,  will  fay. 
At  once  he  writ  an  Ethick  Trail,  and  Play. 


(c)  Mr.  Ed’iV.  Fratince.  (d)  Ariftoplnnrs, 


/ 


All 


V 


41 6 An  Account  of  the 

All  fhefe  Dramatick  Pieces,  and  his  Poems, 
were  publifhed  by  his  Brother, Mr  .Thomas  Ran* 
dolphj  of  Chrijl-church  Colledge  in  Oxon.  and 
are  now  printed  the  j-th  Edit.  Oxon.  1668. 

I know  not  when  our  Author  died ; tho’  I 
prefume  he  liv’d  to  no  great  Age,  being  too 
much  addicted  to  the  Principles  of  his  Pre- 
deceflor  Arijhppus , Pleafure,  and  Contempt  of 
Wealth. 

My  Readers  are  not  to  expert  any  Difco- 
veries  of  Thefts,  for  this  Author  had  no  occa- 
fion  to  practice  Plagiary,  having  lo  large  a 
Fond  of  Wit  of  his  own,  that  he  needed  not 
to  borrow  from  others ; and  therefore  I may 
juftly  fay,  with  a Friend  of  his, 

With  what  an  Extafie pall  we  behold 
[ This  Book 1 which  is  no  Ghojl  of  any  old 
Worm-eaten  Author : here’s  nojejf  or  Hint , 
But  had  his  Head  both  for  its  Oar , and  Mint. 
Wer t not for J'omeTranJlations  none  could  know 
Whether  he  had  ere  look’d  in  Book  or  no. 

Of  this  Nature,  are  not  only  his  feveral  Ver- 
(ions,  as  the  Second  Epod  of  Horace , feveral 
Pieces  out  of  Claudian , fyc.  but  likewife  a Dra- 
mafick  Piece  from  Arijlophanes , called  in  the 
Original  n/ioJl©-,  but  by  our  Tranflator, 

Hey  for  HoneJlyfDown  with  Knavery;  a plea- 
fant  Comedy,  printed  ap.Lond.  i<5yi.  This  Play 
was  firft  tranflated  by  our  Author ; and  after- 
wards augmented  and  publifhed  by  F.J.  I fhall 
not  pretend  to  determine,  whether  this  Tranf- 
lation,  or  that  publifhed  in  o&avo  be  better ; 
but  leave  it  to  thofe  more  vers’d  in  the  Ori- 
ginal 


Dramatic k Poets , 417 

ginal  than  I pretend  to.  Permit  me  therefore 
to  conclude  all  with  the  following  Lines,  writ 
by  One  of  St.  John’ s,  in  Memory  of  our  Author. 
Immortal  Ben  is  dead , and  as  that  Ball 
On  Ida  tofl'd , fo  is  his  Crown,  by  all 
The  Infantry  of  Bit.  Tain  Priefis  ! That  Chair 
Is  only  fit  for  his  true  Son  and  Heir.  { pratfe : 
Reach  here  thy  Laurel : Randolph,  ’tls  thy 
Thy  naked  Shull J, hall  well  become  the  Bays. 
See,  Daphne  courts  thyGhofi:and fpite  of  Fat  e, 
Thy  Poems  Jhallhe  ‘Poet  Laureate. 

Edward  Ravenscroft. 

A Gentleman  now  living,  and  One  that  was 
fometime  a Member  of  the  ^Middle -Temple. 
One  who  with  the  Vulgar  paffes  for  a Writer: 
tho’  I hope  he  will  pardon  me,  if  I rather  .Rile 
him  in  the  Number  of  Wit-Colle<5tors ; for  I 
cannot  allow  all  the  Wit  in  his  Plays  to  be  his 
own  : I hope  he  will  not  be  angry,  for  tran- 
feribihg  the  Chara&er  which  he  has  given  of 
Mr.  Try  den,  aiid  which  mutato  nomine  belongs 
to  himfelf.  ’Tis  not  that  I any  ways  abet  Mr. 
Tryden  for  his  falling  upon  his  iSMamamoiichi; 
but  that  I may  maintain  the  Chiara6ter  of  Im- 
partial, to  which  I pretend,  I niuR  pull  off'  iris' 
Difguife,  and  difeover  the  Politick  Plagiary,' 
that  lurks  under  it.  I know  he  has  endeavour- 
ed to  fhew  himfelf 'Maffer  of  the- Art'dfSWi-ft’ 
writing ; and  would  perfwade  the  World,  that 
what’he  writes  ispx  tempore  Wit,  and  written 
curreWe  calamo.  But  Fdoubt  not' to  flte'\V,ThaP 
tho’  he  would  be  thought  to  imitate  the  Silk 
worn, that  fpins  its  Web  from  Bowels ; 

- D d vec 


41 8 An  Account  of  the 

yet  I {hall  make  him  appear'  like  the  Leech, 
that  lives  upon  the  Elood  of  Men , drawn 
from  the  Gums;  and  when  he  is  rubb’d 
with  Salt,  fpues  it  up  again-  To  prove  this, 
I {hall  only  give  an  Account  of  his  Plays; 
and  by  that  little  of  my  own  Knowledge 
which  I fhall  difcover,  ’twill  be  manifeft,  that 
this  Ricketty-Poet  ( tho’  of  fo  many  Years) 
cannot  go  without  others  Ailiflance  : For  take 
thisProphecy,from  your  humble  Servant, or  Mr. 
Ravenfcroft' s Mamamouchi , which  you  pleafe, 

When  once  our  Poets  tr (inflating  Vt fin  is  pajl. 

From  him  you  can't  expert  new  Plays  in  haft. 
To  prove  this, I need  only  give  you  anAccount  of 
what  he  has  already  publilh’d;  and  from  thence 
you  may  judge,  according  to  the  old  Adage,  Ex 
pede  Herculem , what  is  like  to  follow. 

Carelefs  Lovers , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1 673  • The  Epi- 
(lle  to  this  Play  was  written  againfl  Mr.  'Dry- 
den,  and  his  Prologue  levell’d  againfl  Alrnan- 
zor  ; aiyd  his  Play,  call’d  Love  in  Nunnery.  The 
truth  is,  Mr.  Dryden  had  fallen  firfl  upon  his 
zfflamamouchi,  as  we  have  laid;  and  therefore 
on  that  Account,  our  Poet  was  exc'ufable ; but 
to  accufe  him  for  borrowing,  and  tranflating, 
as  he  faith: 

Till  then  he  borrowed  from  Romance , and  did 
tranjlate , 

was  unreafonable,  when  our  Poet  knew  his 
own  Guilt;  for  notwithftanding  he  writes  in 
the  fame  Prologue, 

1 That  all  that's  in  it  is  ex  tempore  Wit. 

Yet 


Dramatic!:  Poets.  419 

Yet  I muft  take  the  Liberty  to  contradict  him, 
and  acquaint  my  Reader,  That  the  Sham-Scene 
in  the  4.  Afl,  which  is  the  moft  diverting  in 
the  Play ; where  Mrs.  Breedvaell ',  and  Clap  ham 
bring  in  their  Children,  and  challenge  Marri- 
age of  the  Ld  De  Bo  aft  ado,  is  ftollen  from  Mot- 
her e\  CM.  IDe  Tourceaugnac.  Adi  a.  Sc.  7.  and  8. 
As  to  the  reft  of  the  French  Play, he  has  inferted 
it  into  his  CMamamouchi.  The  Author  in  his 
Epiftle  acknowledges,  That  the  Reafon  why 
there  are  fuch  continual  Picques  amongft  the 
Poets,  is  the  fame  with  that  oi  Whores,  Two  of 
a Trade  can  never  agree : and  therefore  Mr. 
Dryderl  and  Mr . Ravenf croft,  being  profeft  Pla- 
giaries, and  having  both  laid  claim  to  Mother e, 
no  wonder  if  they  fell  out,  like  the  two  Tra- 
vellers in  c yBfop  about  the  Afs  ; tho’  at  the 
fame  time  a third  Poet  ran  away  with  the  prize; 
at  leaf!:  the  greateft  part. 

Dame  Dobjon,  or  7 he  Cunning  JV iman;  a Co- 
medy afled  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and  printed 
4°.  Lond.  1684.  This  Play  is  tranflated  from 
a French  Comedy,  call’d  La  Devinereffe,  on 
Les  faux  Enchantements.  Notwithftanding 
this  Play  was  fo  followed  and  applauded  in 
France , as  the  Epiftle  to  the  Original  informs 
me ; yet  it  was  damned  in  its  Aflion  at  the  The- 
atre at  London.  I pretend  not  to  give  the  Rea- 
fon of  it;  only  I have  Mr.  Dryden's  (e)  Tefti- 
rnony,  That  Corneille’s,  Le  Menteur,( fincepub- 
lifhed  under  the  Title  of  7 he  CMiftaken  Beauty t 
ox  The  Lyes')  was  notwithftanding  Mr.  Hart's, 
a fling  Dorant  to  Admiration,  judg’d  far  Infe. 

(cj  Dram.  Elhy,  p.37. 

D d % riour 


420  An  Account  of  the 

riour  to  many  Plays  writ  by  Fletcher,  and  Ben 
Johnfon : and  I quell  ion  not  but  this  lalt  will 
obtain  the  preference  from  the  other,  if  they 
are  read  by  unbyafs’d  Judges. 

Engl 7 ft  Lawyer , a Comedy  a£led  at  the  The- 
atre-Royal, and  printed  4 Lond.  16-78.  This 
Play  was  written  originally  in  Latin , by  Mr. 
R.  Buggies , fometime  Mailer  of  Arts  in  Clare 
Hall  in  Cambridge;  and  was  a£led  feveral  times 
with  extraordinary  applaufc, before  King James 
the  Firjffc  by  the  Gentlemen  of  that  Univerlity. 
There  was  a Verlion  done  by  a Mailer  of  Arts 
of  (Magdalen  Colledge  in  Oxford ’ printed  near 
thirty  Years  ago,  tho’  tranllated  fome  Years 
before:  and  I believe  Mr.  Ravenfcroft  made 
more  ufe  of  that,  than  the  Original : at  leaft- 
wile  they  who  underlland  not  the  Latin , and 
yet  would  fee  a true  Copy,  (this  of  our  Author 
being  drawn  in  Miniature  ) may  read  it,  under 
the  Title  of  Ignoramus. 

King  Edgar,  and  Alphreda  7 a Tragi-comedy 
a£led  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  and  printed  40. 
Lond.  1677.  This  Play  I fuppofe  (if  any)  to  be 
of  the  Author’s  own  (Minerva;  tho’  the  Story 
of  it  be  fufficiently  F amous,  not  only  in  Novels 
both  French  and  Italian:  but  inalmollall  the 
Hiflorians  of  thofe  Times.  For  Novels,  fee;the 
Annals  of  Love  o£tavo  : For  Hiltorians,  fee  IV. 
Malmesbury , H.  Huntingdon , Bog.  Hove  den,  In - 
gulf  us,  Ranulph  Higdert,  tM.  IV eftminfler , Tol. 
Virgil.  Grafton,  Stow , Speed,  Baker , fyc.  Ubah 
dino  Le  Vite  delle  Donne  Illujlri,  p.  2.8. 

London  Cuckolds,  a Comedy  a£ted  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1683  I 

This 


Dr  am  At  ick  Poets.  421 

This  Play,  tho’  the  moil:  diverting  of  any  that 
he  has  writ,  is  patcht  up  from  feveral  Novels. 
I may  truly  aver,  that  WiJ'e-acre  and  Peggy, are 
borrowed  from  S carton’s  Fruit lefs  Precaution , 
Nov.  firlb ; at  leafl  that  part  of  it  where  Peggy 
in  Armour  watcheth  her  Husband’s  Night-cap. 
Tho’  poffibly  thefe  two  Chara&ers  were  drawn 
from  Arnolphe  and  Agnes , in  Molliere' s L'Efcole 
des  Femmes : Love  day's  Difcovering  Eugenia  s 
Intrigue,  and  pretending  to  conjure  for  a Sup- 
per,is  borrowed  from  Les  Contes  d'Ouville, part, 
x.pag.xis-  Eugenia's  Contrivance  to  have  Jane 
'lye  in  her  place  by  her  Husband, whilft  fhe  went 
to  Ramble  ; is  borrowed  poflibly  from  the  Me- 
fcolanza  dolce  Cap.  16.  at  the  End  of  Tor  nano's 
Grammar : or  elfe  from  Scarron's  Fruitlefs  Pre- 
caution, where  is  fuch  a like  paflage.  The  Con- 
trivance of  Eugenia  to  bring  off  Ramble , and 
Loveday,  by  obliging  the  former  to  draw  his 
Sword,  and  counterfeit  a Paffion,  is  borrowed 
from  Les  Contes  d'Ouville,  x.part.  page  xy-j.  or 
from  Boccace  Day  7.  Nov.  6.  Doodle's  Obli- 
ging his  Wife  Arabella  to  anfwer  nothing  but 
No  in  his  Abfence , and  the  Confequence  of 
that  Intrigue  with  Townly,  is  borrowed  from 
Les  Contes  d'Ouville , x part,  page  121  Eugenia  % 
making  a falfe  Confidence  to  her  Husband 
Da/hwell,  and  fending  him  into  the  Garden  to 
Loveday,  in  her  Habit,  where  he  is  beaten  by 
him,  is  borrowed  from  Les  Contes  d'Ouville , 
x.  part,  pagexyo.  The  fame  Story  is  in  Boccace , 
Day  7.  Nov.  7.  and  in  Les  Contes  de  M.  de  la, 
Fontaine,  Nov.a.p.21.  and  is  the  Subject  of  feve- 
ral Plays  ; as  City  Night -cap,  &c.  This  is  fuffi- 
Dd  1 dent 


422  An  Account  of  the 

cient  to  (hew  how  much  our  Author  borrows 
in  his  Plots,  and  that  his  own  Genius  is  either 
lazy,  or  very  barren  of  Invention. 

tSHamamouchi,  or  The  Citizen  turn'd  Gentle- 
man ; a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
and  printed  40.  Land.  167?.  This  Play  is  dedi- 
cated to  his  Highnefs  Prince  Rupert.  Our  Au- 
thor had  that  good  Opinion  of  Molliere' s Mon- 
fieur  de  Pourceaugnac , that  what  he  left  un- 
toucht  in  that  Play  when  he  writ  The  CareleJ's 
Lovers,  he  has  taken  into  this  : So  that  his 
Sir  Simon  Soft-head \ is  M.  de  Tourceaugnac  in 
an  Englifh  Drefs;  and  the  reft  of  his  Play  is 
ftollen  from  Le  Bourgeois  Gentilhomme , a Co- 
medy writ  by  the  fame  Author.  So  that  here  is 
a whole  Play  borrow’d,  and  yet  nothing  own’d 
by  the  Author ; a procedure  which  favours  of 
the  higheft  Ingratitude,  and  which  (as  I have 
clfewhere  obferv’d)  has  been  long  ago  thus  in- 
veigh’d againft  by  the  Excellent  Pliny[f),Obnoxii 
profe&o  Animi , fy  infelicis  Ingenii  eft,  deprehen- 
di  in  fhrto  malie , quam  mutuum  redder e}  cum 
pratfertim  for s fiat  ex  ufurd.  ✓ 

Scaramouch  a Ph  ilfopher, Harlequin  a School- 
Boy,  Bravo , Merchant,  and  Magician ; a Come- 
dy after  the  Italian  Manner,  ailed  at  the  The- 
atre-Royal, and  printed  40.  Lond.  167*7.  This 
Play  was  fore-ftall’d  in  the  Ailion , by  the 
Duke’s  Houfe,  they  having  brought  upon  the 
Stage  the  Cheats  of  Sc  apin  ; as  the  Author  com- 
plains in  the  Prologue.  Our  Author  would  be 
thought  to  have  taken  a great  deal  of  pains  in 


(f)  Epift.  ad  T.V. 


this 


Dramatick  Poets.  42 5 

this  Play,  and  to  have  brought  a new  fort  of 
Comedy  on  our  Stage  : as  he  fays, 

The  Toet  does  a dangrous  tryal  make , 

And  all  the  common  ways  of  Plays  for  fake. 
Upon  the  Aft or s it  depends  too  much  ; “) 

And  who  can  hope  ever  to  fee  two  juchy  C 

As  the  fanid  Harlequin,  and  Scaramouch.  \ 

This  he  well  knew 

Tet  rather  chofe  in  New  Attempts  to  failt 
Than  in  the  Old  indifferently  prevail . 

But  notwithflanding  our  Author’s  Boafling,  he 
is  but  a Dwarf  dreft  up  in  a Giant’s  Coat  flufft 
out  with  Straw  : for  I believe  he  cannot  ju- 
flly  challenge  any  Part  of  a Scene  as  the  Ge- 
nuine Off-fpring  of  his  own  Brain ; and  may 
rather  be  reckon’d  the  Midwife  than  the  Pa- 
rent of  this  Play.  This  Author  has  followed 
his  old  Cultom  of  fweeping  clean,  and  leaving 
nothing  behind  him ; for  what  he  left  of  Le 
Bourgeois  Gentilhommey  he  has  taken  into  this 
Play ; as  will  appear  to  them  that  will  compare 
the  firft  Ail  with  that  Dramma.  Almofl  all 
Le  Marriage  force , is  taken  into  this  Play  like- 
wife  ; and  for  the  Cheats  of  Scapin,  I fuppofe 
our  Author  has  not  only  feen  that  Play,  but 
borrow’d  from  thence ; I have  already  taken 
notice , that  part  of  it  refembles  Terence" s 
Thormio. 

IV) r, angling  Lovers , or  The  Invifible  Mijlrefs  ; 
a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and 
printed  40.  Lond.  1 677.  This  Play  is  founded 
upon  a Spanijh  Romance  in  8°.  tranflated  and 
D d 4 called. 


4 24  An  Account  of  the 

called  Deceptio  vifus, or  Seeing  and  Believing  are 
two  things.  7 h.  Corneille  has  a Play  writ  on  the 
fame  Subject,  called  Les  Engagements  du  Ha- 
zard. 

I know  nothing  elfe  of  our  Author’s  Writing, 
without  I fhould  reckon  his  Alteration  of  Titus' 
Andronicus ; of  which  I lhall  fpeak  by  and  by, 
in  the  Account  ol  Shakej'pear, 

Thomas  Rawlins. 

A Gentleman  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft,  who  wras  well  acquainted 
with  molt  of  the  Poets  of  his  time.  He  was 
the  Cheif  Graver  of  the  c Stfint  to  both  King 
Charles  the  Firft  and  Second,  and  died  in  that 
Employment  in  1670.  He  writ  a Play  for  his 
Diverfion only,  not  for  profit;  as  he  tells  the 
Reader  in  his  Preface  : L Take  no  notice  of 

< mv  Name,  for  a fecond  Work  of  this  Nature 
i ihallhardly  bear  it.  I have  no  defire  to  be 
‘ known  by  a Thread-bare  Cloak,  having  a Call- 
ing that  will  maintain  it  Woolly.  His  Play 
is  called. 

Rebellion , a Tragedy  aided  Nine  Days  toge- 
ther; and  divers  times  fince  with  good  ap- 
plaule,  by  his  Majefty’s  Company  of  Revels ; 
and  printed  40.  Lond.16^0.  ’Tis  dedicated  to 
his  kinfman,  Robert  ‘Ducie  of  Ajlon , in  the 
County  of  Stafford  Efq;  and  is  accompanied 
with  Verles,  to  the  number  of  eleven  Copies ; 
amongR  which  are  feveral  writ  by  the  Drama- 
tick  Poets  his  Contemporaries.  He  was  very 
young  when  he  writ  this  Tragedy,  as  appears 

from 


Dramatick  Poets.  42  5 

from  the  following  Lines  of  Mr.  Chamberlain , 
publifht  with  the  Play. 

To  fee  a Spr  ingot  of  thy  tender  slge. 

With  fuch  a lofty  Straine  to  word  a Stage  ; 

To  fee  a Tragedy  from  thee  in  Trint, 

With  juch  a World  of  fine  Meanders  in't , 
Tufies  my  wondringfoul : for  there  appeares 
Such  dfproportion  ’twixt  thy  Lines, and  Teares: 
That  when  I read  thy  Lines , me  thinks  I fee 
The  fweet  tongud  Ovid  fall  upon  his  Knee , 
With  Parce  precor ; 

The  Scene  of  this  Play  lyes  in  Sevile ; but  I 
cannot  direct  you  to  any  particular  Hiflory, 
becaufe  I know  not  in  what  King  of  Spains 
Reign  this  Ailion  happened : All  I can  tell 
you  is,  That  I believe  this  Taylor  was  fitted 
upon  Crifpin's  Lafl ; and  that  Wehfter’s  Shoo- 
maker  gave  Birth  to  our  Poet’s  Don  Sebafiiano. 

Mr.  Winfianley  fpeaks  of  other  fmall  Pieces 
that  he  wrote,  tho’  I know  of  none,  except 
fome  commendatory  Verfes,  publifht  with  his 
Friends  Plays  ; as  with  Mr.  Chamberlain s 
Swaggering  PDamfeT,  Mr.  Richards' % dMeffali- 
na,  fyc. 

Edward  Revet. 

An  Author  of  our  Time,  who  publifhed  a 
Play,  called 

Town  Shifts,  or  Suburb  Juft  ice  ; a Comedy 
ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  Tork’s 
Theatre,  printed  40.  Lond.  i6yi.  and  dedica- 
ted to  Stephen  Mofedelf  Efq;  Give  me  leave 

fo 


426  An  Account  of  the 

jo  far  to  commend  this  Comedy,  to  fay  that  it  is 
InffruCtive ; and  that  the  Author’s  Protagonift 
Lovewel,  tho’  reduced  to  poverty,  yet  enter- 
tains not  only  an  Innate  Principle  of  Honefty, 
hut  advifes  his  two  Comrades,  Friendly  and 
Faithful , to  the  pra&ice  of  it ; and  it  fucceeds 
happily  to  them.  I mention  this,  becaufe  few 
of  our  Modern  Characters  are  fo  nicely  drawn. 

Nathaniel  Richards. 

An  Author  that  lived  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Cherries  the  F irft;  of  whom  I can  give  no  further 
Account,  than  that  he  writ  one  Tragedy,  pub- 
lifhtin  the  beginning  of  our  late  Troubles;  viz. 

'JMeffalim  the  Roman  Emprefs , her  Tragedy, 
aCted  with  general  applaufe  divers  times, by  the 
Company  of  his  Majeffcy’s  Revels,  and  printed 
8°.  Lond.  1640.  This  Play  is  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Honourable  John  Cary , Vifcount  Roch- 
ford:  and  is  ufliered  into  the  Light  by  fix  Co- 
pies of  Verfes ; two  of  which  were  writ  by 
our  Dramatick  Authors,  Davenport  and  Raw- 
lins ; two  by  two  AClors  in  his  Play,  Rohinfon 
and  Jordan ; and  a fifth  Latin  Copy,  by  One 
Thomas  Combes,  which  may  deferve  a place  in 
our  Account : after  having  acquainted  the 
Reader,  that  for  the  Story  he  may  confultTii- 
citus,  Suetonius , Pliny , Plutarch,  and  Juvenal ; 
all  which  have  given  a Character  of  the  Infa- 
tiate  t3lejfalina ; as  the  following  Verfes  do  of 
her  Vices,  and  the  Virtues  of  her  Mother  Le- 
pida. 

Cariffi- 


Dramatick  Poets.  427 

Cariflimo  Amico  Auilori  in  eximiam  tSMiJfa- 
lin<c  Tragcediam. 

Ridentem  Verier ern  ve teres  pinxere  ; fed  ecce 
xipparet  Venus  hk Janguinolenta  ; nigra. 
Eafcivos  amplexa  viros  ampleflitur  enfem  : 
Effera  quae  vita , eft  kkc fur ibunda  neee. 

Sic  eadem  ViFtrix , eademq\  Libidinis  Ultrix, 
Meflalina,  altrix  qua;  fuit,  ipfa  fuit, 
moritur  mala  pars  ^oritur  pars  conjmgis  iUay 
Quae  fuperat  quamvis  mors  in  utrdmq;furit. 
Cafta  parens  toties,  quoties fit  adult  era  proles , 
Tugnat , & adverfa  cum pie  tate  Jcelus : 
IDumqfcelus fngiens  dat  ter ga  ft  at  altera  luges , 
Et  nituit  niveo  pe Flore  purus  Honor, 

H<£c  ubi  Junt  verbis  apt  at  a,  Tragcedia  digna 
IUa  eft  in  primis  Laudis , <ly  ilia  tua  eft. 

Thomas  Combes. 

William  Rider. 

This  W riter  (as  I fuppofe  by  the  Date  of  his 
Playjflourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the 
Second ; and  was  a Maher  of  Arts,tho’  of  which 
Univerfity  or  Colledge,  is  to  me  unknown.  All 
I can  inform  my  Reader  is,  that  he  is  the  Au- 
thor of  a Play,  called 

Twins , a Tragi-comedy  ailed  at  the  private 
Houfe  at  Salisbury  Court  with  general  applaufe, 
printed  40.  Lond.  1 6yy.  This  Play  is  not  con- 
temptible, either  as  to  the  Language,  or  Oe- 
conomy  of  it,  tho’  I judge  it  older  far  than  the 
the  Date  of  it  imports. 


William 


4*8- 


A»  Account  of  the 

William  Rowly. 

An  Author  that  flourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  theFirfl:;  and  was  fo  me  time  a 
Member  of  Pembroke  Hall  in  Cambridge.  I can 
fay  nothing  further  of  his  Life  or  Country; 
but  as  t6  his  Poetry, and  his  intimate  Acquaint- 
ance with  the  prime  Poets  of  that  Age,  I can 
ipeak  at  large.  He  was  not  only  beloved  by 
thole  Great  Men,  ShakeJ'pear , Fletcher  y and  John- 
fon  ; but  like  wife  writ  with  the  former,  The 
Birth  of  Merlin.  Befides  what  he  joyned  in 
writing  with  Poets  of  the  fecond  Magnitude, as 
Ffeywood,  Middleton , Day  and  IVebJler  ; as  you 
may  lee  under  each  of  their  Names ; our 
Author  has  four  Plays  in  print  of  his  own 
Writing,  of  which  take  the  following  Ac- 
count ; viz. 

Alls  lojl  by  Lufi , a Tragedy  divers  times 
ailed  by  the  Lady  Elizabeth's  Servants ; and 
with  great  applaufe  at  the  Thcenix  in  Drury - 
Lmey  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1633.  This  is  a 
good  old  Play,  and  the  Story  it  felf  may  be 
read  in  the  SpaniJhYiiikohes : See  Mariana  Lib. 
si,  22, 2.3.  Suritta' s Annales , fee.  Lib.  1.  C.  1. 
Turquet,  L.  s-  C.  30.  As  to  Margaret  fa's  De- 
fign’d  Revenge  on  her  Husband  Antonio , read 
the  Unfortunate  Lover r,  Novel  the  3. 

CMatch  at  Midnight , a pleafant  Comedy, ailed 
by  the  Children  of  the  Revels;  and  printed  4.0. 
fond.  1633.  The  Plot  of  Alexander  Blood- 
hound's being  hid  by  Jarvis  under  the  Widow’s 
Bed,  is  founded  on  an  old  Story  inferted  in  the 
Bnghjl)  Rogue j part  4.  Ch.^ip.  > 

Shoo- 


Dr am  at  kk  Poets.  429 

Shoemaker's  a Gentleman , a Comedy  printed 

40.  Lond. Not  having  this  Play  by  me 

at  prelent;  I cannot  inform  my  Reader  where 
it  was  a<5led,  or  when  printed.  But  this  I know, 
that  it  has  not  many  Years  fince  been  revived 
at  the  Theatre  in  Dorfet-Garden , and  been  for- 
merly a£led  abroad  in  the  Country:  and  the 
Comical  part  of  it,  is  an  ufual  Entertainment 
at  Bartholomew  and  Sonthvcarke  Fairs  ; it  be- 
ing a Copy  to  which  all  Stroiing  Companies 
lay  claim  to.  The  Play  is  founded  on  a liitcht 
Pamphlet  in  quarto,  called  The  Hiftory  of  the 
Gentle -Craft . The  Reader  may  find  an  Epi- 
logue printed  in  Duffed  s Poems,  p.  bo.  writ  for 
this  Play,  when  ’twas  revived. 

Hew  IVonder , a IVoman  never  vext ; a plea- 
fant  Comedy,  fund ry  times  ailed,  and  printed 
40.  Lond.  1632.  That  paflage  of  the  Widows 
finding  her  Wedding-Ring,  which  Ihe  dropp’d 
an  eroding  the  Thames , in  the  Belly  of  a Fifti 
which  her  Maid  bought  accidentally  in  the 
Market,  is  founded  either,  upon  the  Story  of 
Toly  crates  oil  Samos,  as  the  Author  may  read  at 
large  in  Herodotus , Lib.  3.  five  Thalia;  or  upon 
the  like  Story  related  v of  one  Anderfon  of 
Hewcaffle,  by  Doitor  Fuller,  in  his  IV ft  hies  of 
England.  ...  • 

I know  of  nothing  elfe  written  by  our  Au- 
thor, neither  can  I tell  the  time  of  his  Death, 
and  therefore  I muft  leave  it  to  Perfons  of 
better  Information  to  acquaint  the  World, 
with  more  .particulars  of  his  Life,  whilft  X 
hafien  to  an  Account  of  liis  Names  fake. 

..A  ' ' Samuel 


4 Jo  An  Account  of  the 

Samuel  Rowley. 

Whether  this  Author  was  related  to  as  well 
as  Contemporary  with  the  former,  I know  not : • 
only  this  I know,  that  he  writ  himfelf  a Ser- 
vant to  the  Prince  of  JVi lies.  Pie  is  the  Au- 
thor of  two  Hillorical  Plays,  of  which  we  are 
to  give  an  Account  in  their  Alphabetical  Or- 
der; viz. 

Noble  Spanifn  Souldier,  ox  A Contract  broken 
juftly  revenged ; a Tragedy,  printed  40.  Lond. 
1634.  This  is  a Pofthumous  Piece ; and  if  we 
believe  the  Printer  s Preface,  has  received  ap- 
plaule  in  A61ion.  Where  it  was  a&ed,  I know 
not,  nor  the  Foundation  of  the  Story,  it  not 
being  mentioned  what  King  of  Spain  it  was, 
that  committed  that  a6t  of  Perjury  with  Ona- 
lia. 

When  you  fee  me,  you  knovb  me • or  The  Fa- 
mous Chronical  Hiftory  of  Henry  the  Eighth; 
with  the  Birth,  and  Virtuous  Life  of  Edward 
Prince  of  Wales : being  play’d  by  the  High 
and  Mighty  Prince  of  Wale ’s  Servants,  and 
printed  40.  Lond.  163a.  For  the  Plot,  fee  the 
Ld  Herbert's  Life  of  Hen.  the  VIII.  and  other 
Writers  of  his  Life,  as  Toly dor e Virgil ’ Hol- 
lingjhead \ Hall,  Graft on , Stow,  Speed,  Martin, 
Baker,  dye. 

Jofeph  Rutter. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firfl.  He  belong’d  to  the  Earl  of 
2)  or  Jet' s Family ; and  attended  on  his  Son,  the 

Fa- 


Dramatick  Poets.  4 51 

Father  of  the  prefent  Earl.  At  the  Command 
of  the  Right  Honourable  Edward  Earl  of  Dor- 
fety  and  Lord  Chamberlain  to  the  Queen,  he 
undertook  the  Tranflation  of  the  Cidy  out  of 
French : and  Mr .Kirkman  afcribes  another  Play 
to  him  befides  ; of  both  which  1 {hall  fpeak  in 
their  Order. 

Cidy  a Tragi-comedy  a£led  before  their  Ma- 
jefties  at  Court,  and  on  the  Cockpit  Stage  in 
2)rury-Laney  by  the  Servants  to  both  their  Ma- 
jeftiesj  and  printed  8°,  Lond.  1637.  This  firfl 
Part  is  dedicated  to  Edward  Earl  of  Dorfet 
aforefaid,  part  of  it  being  tranflated  by  the 
young  Lord  his  Spn,  on  whom  our  Author  at- 
tended 

Cidy  Part  the  fecond,  printed  40.  L ond.  1640. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  Eheophila  Cbok^  This 
Part  was  undertaken  by  our  Author,  at  his  Ma- 
iefties  Command,  who  was  pleas’d  to  think  it 
worth  the  tranflating ; and  commanded  it  to  be 
put  into  our  Author’s  Hands.  Both  thefe  Plays 
are  ufually  bound  together  in  o&avo. 

As  to  thefe  Plays  in  the  Original,  they  are 
much  commended,  tho’  I never  Law  but  the  firft 
Part  in  French.  I fliall  not  here  tranfcribe  the 
Author’s  own  Sentiments  of  it;  but  leave  it  to 
thofe  who  underftand  the  French  to  perufe  the 
Examen  of  the  Second  Part;  it  being  too  long 
for  this  place.  But  what  M.  Bode  an  fays  of  it, 
in  his  9th  Satyr,  may  be  fufficient  to  {hew  the 
Sentiments  of  the  publick  in  its  Favour : His 
Words  are  thefe  • 


En 


4}  2 An  Account  of  the 

En  vain  contre  k Cid  m ( s)Miniftre  fe  ligue , 

Tout  Paris  pour  (h)  Climene  a les  yeux  de 
(')  Rodrigue. 

(k)Z,’Aeademie  en  Corps  a beau  le  cenfurer} 

Le  Public  revoke  s'objline  a l' admirer. 

To  fpeak  of  the  Tranflation  in  general,  I 
think,  if  the  Time  be  confidered  when  it  was 
undertaken,  it  may.  pafs  muiler  with  candid 
Readers  : The  Author  having  at  leatt  fo  far  im- 
prov’d it,  as  to  bring  feveral  things  in  Action, 
which  in  the  Original  are  delivered  in  Nar- 
ration ; an  Excellencv  commended  by  Horace , 
in  thofe  Lines  fo  well  knowfi  to  all  Scholars. 


Aut  agititr  res  in  Scenis  aut  API  a refer  tur : 
Segnius  irritant  animos  demiff  a per  aurem  ; 
Quam  qua  funt  oculis  fubjePla fidelibus , <fy  qua 
Tpfe  jibi  tradit  fpePlator 


It  is  true  our  Author  has  altered  in  the 


places ; but  not  many.  Two 
eft  out,  as  being  Soliloquies, 
e pertinent  to  the  Bufinefs : 
and  give  me  leave  to  obferve  by  the  by,  That 
the  French  are  much  addicted  to  bring  in  thefe 
^Monologues , in  their  ferious  Plays-  Some 


Original,  l'ome 
Scenes  he  has  ' 
and  things  litt 


(g)  Cardinal  Richelieu,  (.’)  The  Names  of  the  H-  mine',  and 
(i)  Hero,  in  the  Play,  (k)  The  Academy  writ  a Book  againfi  it, 
by  the  Cardinal's  private  order,  enutuied  Sen’imens  de  I’Aca- 
demie  Franco ife  fi»r  la  Tragi-comedie  du  Cid : tho”twas  pub- 
lickly  fo  well  approved  of,  that  in  many  places  of  Francs  hwaa 
Proverbially  faid,  Cela  eft  beau  cemme  It  Cid. 

things 


Dramatick  Poets.  4 3 j 

things  likewife  our  Author  has  added,  but 
fcarce  difcernable : and  where  M.  Corneille 
would  give  him  leave,  he  fays  he  has  follow’d 
clofe  both  his  Senfe  and  Words;  tho’,  as  he 
has  obferved,  many  things  are  received  Wit 
in  one  Tongue,  which  are  not  in  another.  As 
to  the  Play,  ’tis  founded  on  true  Hiltory ; and 
the  Author  has  follow’d  Roderic  de  Tolede,  and 
Mariana . The  Reader  may  coniult  other  Hi- 
ftorians,  that,  have  writ  of  the  Affairs  of  Don 
Fernando , the  Firll  King  of  C aft i lie. 

Shepherds  Holy  day,  a Pallor  al  Tragi-comedy, 
ailed  before  their  Majelties,  at  Whitehall ',  by 
the  Queen’s  Servants ; and  printed  8°.  Lona. 
1 61$.  This  Play  is  afcrib’d  by  Mr .Kirhman,  to 
our  Author;tho’  only^.^.is  affix’d  to  the  Title- 
page.  This  Play  is  of  the  Nobler  fort  of  PaRo- 
rals ; and  is  writ  in  Blank  Verfe  : At  the  End 
is  a Pafloral  Elegy,  on  the  Death  of  the  Lady 
Venetia  Digby,  in  the  Perfon  of  Sir  Kenelm 
Digby,  her  Husband;  and  a Latin  Epigram  on 
her  Tomb. 

I know  nothing  elfe  of  our  Authors  Wri- 
ting. 

Thomas  Rymer*  Efq; 

This  Gentleman  is  now  living,  and  was  once 
(if  he  be  not  at  prefent)  a Member  of  the  Ho- 
nourable Society  of  Grays- Inn.  He  has  an  ex- 
cellent Talent  towards  Criticifm: ; as  appears  by 
his  Preface  to  the  Tranflation  of  Rapin' s Re- 
ffeilions  on  Ariftotle' s Treatife  of  Poetry  8 3.  and 
his  Tragedies  of  the  lafl  Age  confided d:  but  I 
Ee  think 


414  An  Account  of  the 

think  for  Dramatick  Toe  try,  there  are  other 
Poets  now  alive,  that  at  leaft  equal  that  Tra-  , 
gedy  which  he  has  publifht,  viz. 

Edgar,  or  The  Englifh  Monarch  ; an  Heroick 
Tragedy,  printed  4“  Lond.  1678.  This  Tra- 
gedy is  dedicated  to  King  Charles  the  Second, 
and  written  in  Heroick  Verfe.  If  it  be  com- 
pared with  Mr.  Ravenfcroff  s King  Edgar  and 
Alfreda , it  far  exceeds  it.  For  the  Plot,  fee 
the  Hiftorians  before  mentioned ; viz.  Mal- 
mesbury, Huntingdon , Hove  den,  Ingulf  us,  Hig - 
den , fyc.  Grafton , Stow , Qirc. 

s. 

Thomas  S'.  Serf. 

A Gentleman,  who  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Second  writ  a Play,  call’d 
Tarugos  Wiles,  or  The  Coffee -houfe ; a Co- 
medy a&ed  at  his  Highnefles  the  Duke  of  Tories  ; 
Theatre,  printed  4P.  Lond.166%.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable  George,  Marquefs  of 
Huntley.  This  Comedy  if  not  equal  with  thofe 
of  tjie  firll  Rank,  yet  exceeds  feveral  which 
pretend  to  the  fecond;  especially  the  third 
A£l,  which  difcovers  the  feveral  Humours  of 
a Coffee-houfe.  As  to  the  other  part  of  the  Play, 
"'ns  founded  (as  I fuppofe)  on  the  Spanijh  Play 
No  puedefer,  or  It  cannot  be  ; but  not  having 
the  Original,  I cannot  be  pofitive  : but  this  I 
know,  That  the  Lord  Bell-guard \ and  Crack  in 
Sir  Courtly  Nice,  extreamly  refembles  Don  Ta- 

tricit 


Dr amatick  Poets.  435 

tr'icio  and  Tarugo , in  this  Play : Nay  more,  the 
Plots  of  both  are  alike.  I leave  it  to  the  De- 
cifion  of  Mr.  Crown , or  any  other  who  have 
feen  the  Spanifh  Play;  In  the  mean  time,  I de- 
lire no  Man  to  rely  upon  my  Judgment ; but  if 
what  I have  faid  cannot  fa ve  him,  excufe  him 
upon  his  own  Plea,  in  his  own  Words. 

If  this  prevail  not , he  hopes  he' sfafe from  danger , 
ForfVtt  and  Malice  ought  not  to  reach  a Stranger. 

William  Sampson. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firft:  He  was  fometimes  a Re- 
tainer to  the  Family  of  Sir  Henry  Willoughby, 
of  Richley  in  ‘Derbyjhire  > and  was  the  Author 
of  a Play,  call’d 

Vow-breaker , or  The  Fair  Maid  of  Clifton,  in 
Nottinghamfhirfe ; divers  times  a£ted  by  feve- 
ral  Companies  with  great  applaufe,  printed  40. 
Land.  1633.  and  dedicated  to  Mrs.  Anne  Wil- 
loughby, Daughter  to  Sir  Henry  : in  which  E- 
piftle,  the  Author  concludes  thus ; ‘Heaven 
‘keep  you  from  Fawning  Parafites,  and  bufie 
* Gonips,  and  lend  you  a Husband \ and  a Good 
cOne ; or  elfe  may  you  never  make  a Holyday 
‘for  Hymen.  As  much  Happincfs  as  Tongue 
‘can  fpeak,  Pen  can  write,  Heart  think,  or 
‘Thoughts  imagine,' ever  attend  on  you,  your 
‘Noble  Father,  and  all  his  Noble  Family;  to 
1 whom  I ever  reft,  as  my  bounden  Duty,  a 
‘Faithful  Servant,  Will.  Sampfon.  This  Play 
fecms  founded  upon  Truth ; I have  likewife,in 
Ee  1 my 


An  Account  of  the 

my  younger  Years,  read  a Ballad  compos’d  up- 
on the  fame  Subject. 

Our  Author  befides  this  Play,  joyned  with 
Mr  Markham  in  Herod  and  Antipater , which  I 
forget  before.  But  as  for  the  Valiant  Scot,  and 
How  to  chvfe  a Good  tVife  from  a Bad \ they  are 
in  my  Judgment  none  of  our  Author’s  writing; 
tho’Mr.  Philips  and  his. Follower  tAx.JVinfian- 
leyy  have  afcribed  them  to  him. 

George  Sandys,  Efq; 

A Gentleman  who  flourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of  ' 
King  Charles  the  Martyr ; if  one  may  fo  lay, of 
a Perfon,  who  fympathiz’d  fo  deeply  with  his 
Prince  and  Country  in  their  misfortunes.  He 
was  Son  to  his  Grace  Arch-bifh.of  Tork : 

and  was  born  in  theYear  iyyyat  Bifhops-Thorp7 
. in  the  fame  County,  being  his  Father’s  youngeit 
Child.  He  was  fent  to  the  Univerfity  that  me- 
morable Year  iy88:  being  then  eleven  Years  of 
Age;  and  was  enter’d  of  St  .Mary  Hall  in  Oxford. 
How  long  he  Hay’d,  I know  not : but  in  the 
Year  1610.  nremorable  for  the  Murder  of  that 
Great  Hero  Henry  the  Fourth  of  France 7 by  that 
Villain  Ravaillac , he  began  his  Travels  thro’ 
France , Italy , T urhy,  t^/Egypt,  Palejline , fyc.  an 
Account  of  which  you  may  read  in  his  Travels, 
printed  Fol.  Lond.  i<5y8.  But  ’tis  not  on  this 
Account,  but  his  Poetry,  that  he  is  here  men- 
tioned ; and  therefore  I {hall  haften  to  fpeak 
of  his  Writings  in  that  kind,  and  firli  of  that 
excellent  Piece  of  Dramatick  Poetry,  which  he 
has  left  us ; and  chiefly  in  this  Account  chal- 
lenees  a particular  place ; viz. 

ChriJTs 


Dramatic k Poets. 


45? 


Chrijl's  TaJJion , a Tragedy,  with  Annota- 
tions, printed  80.  Lond.  1640.  and  dedicated  to 
King  Charles  the  Firft.  This  Play  is  tranflated 
from  the  Latin  Original  writ  by  Hugo  Gr otitis. 
This  Subject  was  handled  before  in  Greek,  by 
that  Venerable  Perfon,  Apolltnarius  of  Laodi- 
cea1  Bilhop  of  Hierapolis  ; and  after  him  by 
Gregory  Nazianzen  : tho’  this  of  Hugo  Grotius) 
(in  our  Author’s  Opinion)  tranfcends  all  on  this 
Argument  As  to  the  Tranflator,  I doubt  not 
but  he  will  be  allow’d  an  Excellent  4rtift>  hy 
Learned  Judges ; and  as  he  has  follow’d  Ho- 
race’s Advice  of  Avoiding  a fervile  Tranf- 
lation, 

Hec  verbum  verbo  cur  obis  redder  e fidus 

Interpres : ' 1 

So  he  comes  lb  near  the  Sence  of  the  Author, 
that  nothing  is  loft,  np  Spirits  evaporate  in 
the  decanting  of  it  into  Englijh ; and  if  there 
be  any  Sediment,  it  is  left  behind.  This  Booh 
was  reprinted  with  Figures,  8°.  Lond.  1688. 

Nor  are  his  other  Tranflations  left  valu’d, 


fo  much  efteem’d  in  former  times,  that  I find 
two  old  Copies  of  Verfes,  fpeaking  th  plaice  of 
our  Author.  In  the  firft,  called  As  CenJ'ure  of 
the  Toetsy  are  thefe  Lihe£:-'^  ■ 1 ! t 

Then  dainty  Sand  s',  that  hath  to  Englifh  done 
Smooth  Jlidtng  O vid,  and  hath  wade  him  Onet 
With  fo{  much  fmetnefs,  add  udufudl  GracL 
As  tho’  the  neatnefs  of  the  Englifh'  Face 


uvia  s metamorphofis , printed  with 
Oxon.  1 62  a.  This  Tranftation  was 


Should 


4 3 S An  Account  of  the 

Should  telly  our  Jetting  Latin,  that  it  came 

But Jlowly  after , as  though ft  iff  or  lame . 

The  other  on  the  Time  Poets , fayes  thus. 

Sands  Metamorphos'd fo  into  another , 

We  kno  w not  Sands,  and  Ovid  from  each  other. 

■ 

To  this  I may  add  the  Tranflation  of  the 
firft  Book  of  Virgil's  WEneis ; by  which  Spe- 
cimen, we  may  fee  how  much  he  has  excell’d 
Mr .Ogilby.  For  his  other  Divine  Pieces,  as 
his  Taraohrafe  on  the  Tf alms  fob  yEccleJiaftes,  La- 
mentations f ] e r e tu  i ah,  Jyc.  I have  heard  them 
much  admired  by  Devout  and  Ingenious  Per- 
fons,  and  I believe  very  defervingly. 

Having  done  with  his  Tranflations,  give  tne 
leave  to  conclude  with  His  to  another  World, 
which  happen’d  at  his  .Nephew,  Mr.  Wiat’s, 
Houle,  at  Boxley- Abbey  in  Kent : in  the  Chan- 
cel of  which  Parifli-Ghurch  he  lyes  buried, 
tho’  without  a Monument ; and  therefore  I 
£hall  follow  my  Author,  from  whence  I col- 
lected this  Account,  by  tranicribing  what  de- 
serves to  be  infcrib’d  on  a Monument ; viz. 

Georgius  Sandy  sy  Poet  arum  Anglorum fui  feculi 
Trinwps  fepultys  fmt  Martii  Stilo  Anglico. 

A.  21.  1,043 . 


■'  CKSe$‘l&DNDERS. 

A Young  Gentleman,  whofe  Wit., began  to 
bud  a% early,  as  that\pf  the  Incomparable  Cow- 
ley • and  was  like  him  H King’s  Scholar,  when; 
he  writ  a Play,  call’d  . 


Dramatkk  Poets.  439 

T amber  lane  the  Great , a Tragedy  ailed  by 
their  Majefties  Servants,  at  the  Theatre-Royal; 
as  likewife  at  Oxford \ before  his  late  Ma jelly 
King]  Charles  the  Second,  at  his  meeting  the 
Parliament  there.  ’Twas  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  1681.  and  the  Delign  was  drawn  (as  the 
Author  owns  ) from  the  Novel  of  Tamerlane 
and  AJleria , in  oilavo : I have  fo  great  a value 
for  this  Author’s  Play,  that  I cannot  but  wiih 
well  to  his  Mufe ; but  being  no  Poet,  I mult 
fet  my  Hand  to  another  Man’s  Wifhes : I mean 
Mr.  Banks , who  has  writ  a Copy  of  Verfes  on 
this  Play,  part  of  which  are  as  follow : 

Launch  out  young  Merchant  flew fet  up  of  Wit9 
The  World's  before  thee , and  thy Jlock  is  gr eat 9 
Sail  by  thy  Mufe  fut  never  let  her  guide , 

Then  without  danger  you  may fafely  glide 
By  happier  Studiesjleer'd \ and  quickly  gain 
The  promifed  Indies  of  a hopeful  Brain , 

Bring  home  a Man  betimes , that  may  create 
His  Country's  Glory  in  the  Churchy  or  State. 

Elkanah  Settle, 

An  Author  now  living,  whole  Mufe  is  chiefly 
addiiled  to  Tragedy ; and  has  been  tragically 
dealt  withal  by  a Tyranical  Laureat ; which 
has  fomewhat  eclips’d  the  glory  he  at  firli  ap- 
peared int  But  Tune  has  her  viciflitudes ; and 
he  has  lived  to  fee  his  Enemy  humbled,  if  not 
juflly  punilhed  ; for  this  Reafon,  I lhall  not 
afrefli  animadvert  upon  his  fault,  but  rather 
bury  them  in  Oblivion ; and  without  any  Re- 
flections on  his  Poetry,  give  a fuccinCfc  Account 
Ee  4 of 


440  An  Account  of  the 

cf  thofe  Plays,  which  he  has  publifhed,  being 
Nine  in  Number ; viz. 

Cambyfes  King  o/Terfia,  a Tragedy  ailed  at 
the  Duke’s  Theatre ; printed  4.0.  5 d Edit.  Lond. 

1 67$.  and  dedicated  to  the  Illuflrious  Princefs 
Anne,  DiTtcheis  of  Monmouth.  This  Tragedy 
is  written  m Heroick  Verle,  and  founded  on 
Hiflory.  For  the  Plot,  fee  Juft  in , Herodotus , 
Ammianus  MarceUmus,  fyc. 

Conqueji  of  China  by  the  Tartars , a Tragedy 
ailed  at  the  Dukes  Theatre ; printed  40. Lond. 
i6~]6.  and  dedicated  to  the  Lord  Caftle-Rizing. 
This  is  alfo  writ  in  Heroick  Verfc,  and  founded 
on  Hiflory.  See  Signior  Talafax  his  Hiflory  of 
China , tranflated  in  oitavo ; John  Gonzales  de 
xjMendoza , Lewis  de  Guzman , fee. 

EmpreJ's  of  Morocco,  a Tragedy  in  Heroick 
Verfe ; ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre , printed 
with  Sculptures  40.  Lond.  167 3.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry , Earl  of  Nor- 
wich., and  Earl-Marfhal  of  England.  This  Play 
Mr.  Try  den  writ  particularly  againfl,  in  a 
Pamphlet  called,  Notes  and Qbfervations  on  the 
Emprefs  of  Morocco  ; or  fome  few  Erratas  to 
be  printed  inftead  of  the  Sculptures  with  the  fe- 
cond  Edition  of  that  Tlay  ; printed  4°.  Lond. 
1674.  This  (as  1 have  already  obferv’d)  was 
anfwered  by  another  Pamphlet,  which  fhewed 
Mr.  Try  den  was  not  Infallible ; but-  that  not-  1 
withflanding  his  Bravadoes , he  himfelf  was  as 
faulty  as  others : and  that  he  had  verified  the 
Spanijh  Proverb,  No  es  tan  bravo  el  Leon  come 
ie  pint  an ; The  Lyon  is  not  fo fierce  as  they  paint 
him . , I 

Fata! 


Dramatick  Poets.  441 

Fatal  Love , or  The  forc'd  Inconjlancy  ; a Tra- 
gedy acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal;  printed  40. 
Lond.  1680.  and  dedicated  to  Sir  Robert  Owen. 
This  Play  is  founded  on  Achilles  Tatius  his  Ro- 
mance, called  Cii tiphon  and  Leucippe  ; fee  Book 
the  fifth.  The  Englijh  Reader  may  perufe  it 
tranflated  m oitavo  printed  Oxon.  1638. 

Female  Tr elate ; being  the  Hiflory  of  the 
Life  and  Death  of  Pope  Joan : a Tragedy  ailed 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  40.  Lond.  1680. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable,  the  late 
Earl  of  Shaftsbary.  This  Play  being  founded 
on  Hiflory,  fee  tJMarianus  Scotus,  Sigibert,Sa- 
bellicus : and  for  the  Englijh , he  may  read  Tla- 
tina  tranflated  in  Fol.  by  Sir  Paul  Ricault ; and 
the  Life  and  Death  of  Pope  Joan,  written  herer 
tofore  in  a Dialogue,  by  Mr.  Alexander  Cooke , 
a Gentleman  formerly  a Fellow  of  Univerjity 
Colledge  in  Oxford:  a Piece  fo  much  cry’d  up, 
and  admir’d  in  thole  Times,  that  it  was  tranfla- 
ted into  French  by  J-  T>e  la  Montaigne.  ’Tis 
now  publifhed  iti  a fet  Difcourfe  8°.  Lond.  16-]?. 
The  Reader  will  find  there  a Lift  of  thofe  Au- 
thors who  affirm;  and  thofe  who  deny  the  truth 
of  this  Story. 

Heir  ^/'Morocco,  with  the  Death  of  Gayland\ 
ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  40.  Lond. 
1682.  and  dedicated  to  the  Lady  Henrietta 
Wentworth,  Baronefs  of  Nettlejled. 

Ibraim , the  Idujlrious  Bajfa;  a Tragedy  in 
Heroick  Verfe,  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
printed  4'>.  Lond.  1677.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Dutchefs  of  Albermarle.  The  Play  is  founded 
on  M.  Scuderys  Romance  fo  called. 

Love 


442  An  Account  of  the 

Love  and  Revenge , a Tragedy  a£led  at  the 
Dnkc’s  Theatre;  printed  4°.  Lond.  1 6n?.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Late  Duke  of  Nevocajlle.  Tis 
a great  part  borrowed  from  a Play  called  The 
Fatal  Contrail ; and  is  founded  on  the  French 
Chronicles : fee  <AMezeray7  T)e  Serves,  fee.  ’Tis 
pitty  our  Author  was  lb  little  confiderate,  to 
fall  upon  Mr.  ShadvoeU  in  his  Poflfcript,  when 
he  lay  fo  open  to  an  Attaque  himfelf : and  if  our 
Laureat  reply’d  too  feverely  upon  him  in  his 
Preface  to  theZi&rf/»e,’twas  but J'e  drfendendo ; 
and  he  being  the  Aggreflor,  ought  to  forgive  it. 

fa/lor  Fidoy  or  Faithful  Shepherd ; a Paftorai 
ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre  ; printed  40 .Lond. 
1677.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable, 
the  Lady  Elizabeth  Delaval.  The  Play  was 
written  in  Italian  by  Guarini , and  afterwards 
tranflated  by  Sir  Ric.  Fanfhavo.  This  T ranflati- 
©n  our  Author  has  follow’d,  being  aftranger  to 
the  Italian : tho’  poffibly  it  may  by  ill  natur’d 
Criticks  be  thought  a prefumption,  to  attempt 
to  improve  either  the  Original,  or  the  Copy. 

Our  Author  I think  has  feveral  Copies  of 
Verfes  in  print, befidesProfe;  but  becaufe  fome 
of  them  will  not  advance  his  Reputation ; and 
of  others,  I know  not  exactly  which  he  writ, 

I fhall  omit  further  mentioning  of  them  in 
this  place. 

Tho.  Shad  well,  Efq;  Toet  Lau- 
reat to  their prefent  Majefiies . 

A Gentleman,  whofe  Dramatick  Works  arc 
fofficiently  known  to  the  World;  but  efpe- 

cially  • 


Dramatick  Poets.  44$ 

| cially  his  Excellent  Comedies;  which  in  the 
| Judgment  of  fotne  Perfons,  have  very  deferved- 
[ ly  advanced  him  to  the  Honour  he  now  enjoys, 
under  the  Title  of  Poet  Laurent  to  their  prefent 
Majeflies.  An  Advancement  which  he  inge- 
niously confefles,  is  chiefly  owing  to  the  Pa- 
tronage of  the  Noble  Earl  of  DorJ'et,  that  Great 
Judge  of  Wit  and  Parts ; in  whole  Favour  it 
has  been  Mr.  ShndweU’s  particular  Happinefs 
for  feveral  Years,  to  have  had  an  Eminent 
Share.  Mr.  Dryden , I dareprelume,  little  ima- 
gined, when  he  writ  that  Satyr  of  <LMnck- 
fkcknoe>  that  the  Subject  he  there  to  much 
expoles  and  ridicules,  ihould  have  ever  lived 
to  have  fucceeded  him  in  wearing  the  Bays. 

But  I am  willing  to  fay  the  lefs  of  Mr.  Shad- 
m#,  becaule  I have  publickly  profefs’d  a 
Friendlhip  for  him  : and  tho’  it  be  not  of  lo 
long  date,  as  fome  former  Intimacy  with 
others  ; fo  neither  is  it  blemilhed  with  fome 
unhandfome  Dealings,  I have  met  with  from 
Perfons',  where  I leall  expeCced  it.  I lhall 
therefore  Ipeak  of  him  with  the  Impartiality 
that  becomes  a Critick ; and  own  I like  His 
Comedies  better  than  Mr.  Dryden's ; as  having 
more  Variety  of  Characters,  and  thofe  drawn 
from  the  Life ; I mean  Men  s Converfe  and 
Manners,  and  not  from  other  Mens  Ideas,  co- 
pyed  out  of  their  publick  Writings : tho’  in- 
deed I cannot  wholly  acquit  our  Prefent  Lau- 
rent from  borrowing ; his  Plagiaries  being  in 
fome  places  too  bold  and  open  to  be  dilguifed, 
of  which  I lhall  take  Notice,  as  I go  along ; 
tho’  with  this  Remark,  That  leveral  of  them 
- ' are 


444  An  Account  of  the 

are  obferved  to  my  Hand,  and  in  a great  mea- 
fure  excufed  by  himfelf,  in  the  publick  Ac- 
knowledgment he  makes  in  his  leveral  Pre- 
faces, to  the  Perfons  to  whom  he  was  obliged 
for  what  he  borrowed. 

That  N.$.Shadvoell  has  propos’d  B.Johnfon  for 
his  Model,  I am  very  certain  of ; and  thofc  who 
will  read  the  Preface  to  the  Humorijis,  may  be 
fuificiendy  latisfied  what  a value  he  has  for 
that  Great  Man ; but  how  far  he  has  fueceeded 
in  his  Defign,  I Hull  leave  to  the  Reader’s  Ex- 
amination. So  far  only  give  me  leave  to  pre- 
mile  in  our  Laureat’s  Defence,  that  the  Rea- 
der is  not  to  tneafure  his  Merit  by  Mr.  ‘Dry* 
denT s Standard ; fince  Socrates , never  was  more 
perfecuted  by  the  Inhumane  Arijtophanes , than 
Mr.  Shadwell  by  Mr.  Dry  den’s  Pen ; and  with 
the  la'me  irijuflice : tho’  I think,  whoever  fhall 
perule  the  Modefl:  Defence  of  the  former,  in 
»ns  Epiftle'  tp  the  tenth  Satyr  of  Juvenal , will 
not  only  acquit  him,  but  love  him  for  his  good 
Humour  and  gentle  Temper,  to  One  who  en- 
deavour’d to  deftroy  his  deputation,  fo  dear  to 
AH  'MeVfbut  the  very  'Darling  of  Poets ; as  Ovid 
fays(*)> 

Quid peiitur  facris,niji tanium fama  Toetis? 

Hoc  vo  turn  nojlri  ft utnma  lab  or  is  habet. 

Mr.  Shadvoedl  has  Fourteen  Plays  in  print, 
which  we  fhall  give  an  Account  of  in  the  Or- 
der we  have  begun,  viz.  Alphabetically tho’ 
by  this  means  his  lafl  Play  comes  fil'd:  upon  our 
Stage,  viz.  A J 

(k)  l)c  Arte  Anundij  Lib.  3. 

Amo* 


Dr amatick  Poets.  445 

- Amorous  Bigot  te,  with  the  Second  Part  of 
‘feme  0 Uivelly ; a Comedy  ailed  by  their  Ma- 
jesties Servants,  printed  40.  Lond.  1690.  and  de- 
dicated to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles,  Earl 
of  Shrewsbury. 

Bwy  Fair,  a Comedy  ailed  by  his  prefent 
Majeflies  Servants,  printed  40.  Lond.1689.znQ. 
dedicated  to  the  R'.Honourable  Charles,  Earl  of 
tDorJet  and  MiddleJ'ex,  the  prefent  Lord  Chart*- 
berlain  of  his  Majefty’s  Houfhold.  How  diffi- 
cult it  is  for  Poets  to  find  a continual  Supply  of 
new  Humour,  this  Poet  has  fufficiently  fhew’ti 
in  his  Prologue ; and  therefore  he  ought  to  be 
excus’d,  if  Old  Wit,  and  Sir  Humphry  Noddy, 
have  fonie  relemblance  with  Juftice  fpoil  IV it, 
and  Sr  .John  Noddy  ; in  the  Triumphant  Widow. 
Skilfull  Poets  refemble  excellent  Cooks , whole 
Art  enables  them  to  drefs  one  Dilh  of  Meat  fi- 
ve ral  ways ; and  by  the  Affiftance  of  proper 
Sawces,  to  give  each  a different  Relilh,  and  yet 
all  grateful  to  the  Palate.  Thus  the  Charailer 
of  La  Roche, 680  firfl  drawn  by  Molliere,  in  Les 
Precieufes  ridicule j,and’afterwards  Copy ’d  by  Sir 
W.  D Avenant,  Mr.  Betterton , and  Mrs.  Behn  ^ 
yet  in  this  Play  has  a more  taking  Air  than  in 
any  other  Play,  and  there  is  fomething  in  his 
Jargon,  more  diverting  than  in  the  Original 
it  felf. 

Epjom  W ills , a Comedy  a£led  at  the  Duke  s 
Theatre ; printed  4°  Lond.  \ 6q6.  and  dedicated 
to  his  Grace  the  Duke  of  Newcastle.  This  is 
fo  diverting,  and  withal  fo  true  a Comedy, 
that  even  Foreigners,  who  are  not  generally 
the  kindeft  to  the  Wit  of  our  Nation,  have  ex- 

treamly 


446  An  Account  of  tbt 
treamly  commended  it : and  it  is  no  final!  ere* 
dit  to  our  Author,  that  the  Sieur  T)e  Saint 
Euvremont,  fpeaking  of  our  Englifh  Comedies 
in  his  E/faySj  has  ranked  this  Play  with  Ben 
jfohnfods  Bartholmew  Fair , as  two  of  our  moll 
diverting  Comedies.  ’Tis  true  that  fome  en- 
deavoured to  fix  a Calumny  upon  our  Author, 
alledging  that  this  Play  was  not  Ingenious : 
but  this  Stain  was  quickly  wip’d  off,  by  the 
Plea  he  makes  for  himfelf  in  the  Prologue, 
Ipoken  to  the  King  and  Queen  at  Whitehall) 
where  he  fays, 

If  this  for  him  had  been  by  others  done , 

After  this  Honour  fur e they'd  claim  their  own. 

Humorifts , a Comedy  ailed  by  his  Royal 
Highnefles  Servants ; printed  40.  Lond.  1671. 
and  dedicated  to  the  moll  Illultrious  Margaret , 
Dutchels  of  Newcajile.  The  Delign  of  this 
Play  was,  To  reprehend  fome  of  the  Vices  and 
Follies  of  the  Age , which  is  certainly  the  mojl 
proper  and  mojl  ufeful  way  of  writing  Comedy. 
But  notwithllanding  the  Author’s  good  Delign, 
it  met  with  implacable  Enemies,  who  refolv’d 
to  damn  it  right  or  wrong ; and  the  Author 
was  forc’d  to  mutilate  his  Play,  by  expunging 
the  chief  Delign,  to  prevent  giving  Offence. 
Thefe  and  other  Difadvantages  ( the  particu- 
lars of  which  you  may  read  in  the  Preface)  the 
Poet  met  with : and  yet  I think  a Candid  judge 
wojild  let  it  pafs  without  much  Cenfure ; and 
pardon  the  faults  of  the  Play,  for  that  Repa* 
ration  that  is  made  for  it  in  the  Preface. 

Lancafhire  Witches , and  Teague  0 Bivelly , 
the 


1 


I)  ram  stick  Poets.  447 

the  Irifh  Trieji  ; a Comedy  aXed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  and  printed  40.  Lond. i<58x.  This  Play 
was  written  in  the  Times  of  JVhtg  and  Tory , 
therefore  was  oppofed  by  Tapifls  and  their  Ad- 
herents,  for  the  fake  of  their  Dear-Joy,  Teague 
O Divelly : but  neverthelefs  there  appeared  fo 
numerous  a party  in  the  Play’s  Defence,  that 
the  Play  lived  in  IpigHt  of  all  their  Malice. 
However,  I ,wifh  our  Author  for  his  own  fake, 
had  left  out  the  CharaXer  of  Smirk , notwith- 
ftanding  the  Defence  he  makes  for  it  in  the 
Preface,  and  his  Proteftation  of  having  a true 
value  lor  the  Church  of  England:  for  ’tis  evi- 
dent that  her  Sons,  the  Clergy,  are  abufed  in 
that  Character ; particularly  in  the  firft  Scene 
of  the  fecond  AX : and  therefore  Mr.  Shadwell 
mull:  allow  me  a little  to  diftruft  his  fincerity, 
when  he  makes  fuch  large  Profeffions  of  Re- 
fpeX  to  Gowns-men ; to  whom  I believe  his 
Obligations  are  greater  than  Kindnefs : other- 
wile,  he  would  not  have  fuffer’d  fuch  reflexi- 
ons to  have  palled  his  Pen,  as  are  to  be  met 
with  in  his  Squire  of  Alfatia,  and  the  Epilogue 
to  the  Amorous  Bigotte , <{yc.  If  Mr.  Shadvoell 
would  therefore  take  a Friend’s  Counfel,  I 
would  advife  him  to  treat  ferious  things  with 
due  RefpeX;  and  not  to  make  the  Tulpit 
truckle  to  the  Stage  ; or  Preface  a Play,  with  a 
a Treatife  of  Religion : every  Man  has  his  Pro- 
vince, and  I think  the  Stating  of  Paflive  Obe- 
dience, and  Non-Refiftance,  is  none  of  Mr. 
Shadvoell’ s : He  may  remember, that  Mr. 2) ry den 
never  mifearried  moref  than  when  he  inter- 
meddled with  Church  Matters  j and  that  all 

the 


44$  *dn  Account  of  the 

the  Art  and  Beauty  of  his  AbJ'alom  and  Achu 
tophel,  will  hardly  make  Amends  for  the  Spots 
andBlemifhes  that  are  to  be  found  in  his  Hind 
andTanther.  But  to  return  to  our  Subjeil: 
Mr.  Heyvoood  and  Mr.  Brome  have  writ  a Play 
on  the  fame  Story  with  our  Author ; but 
how  much  this  exceeds  it,  will  be  evident  to 
unbyaflcd  Judges.  As  to  the  Magic k in  the 
Play,  our  Author  has  given  a very  good  Ac- 
count in  his  Notes,  from  the  Writings  of  Z )el- 
rio , Bodinus , JVierus , fyc.  and  I know  nothing 
that  we  have  in  this  Nature,  in  Dramatick  Po- 
etry, except  Ben.  Johnforis  MaJ'que  of  Queens, 
•which  is  likewife  explained  by  Annotations. 

Libertine , a Tragedy  ailed  by  his  Royal 
Highnefles  Servants  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1 676. 
and  dedicated  to  William  Duke  of  Newcajlle. 
This  Play,  if  not  regular,  is  atleafl  diverting  : 
which  according  to  the  Opinion  of  fome  of 
our  Firft-Rate  Poets,  is  the  End  of  Poetry. 
The  Play  is  built  upon  a Subjeil  which  has 
been  handled  by  Spanijh,  Italian , and  French 

' Authors : there  being  four  Plays  extant  (fays 
my  Author)  on  this  Story.  I have  never  feen 
but  one,  viz.  Molliere’s  V Athee  F oudroye^hich. 
it  appear’d  our  Author  has  read.  There  is  a 
Character  in  Sir  Ajlon  Cochins  Ovid;  I mean 
that  of  Captain  Hannibal , whole  Cataffcrophe 
is  like  that  of  Donfobny/hich  (as  I havt  faid) 
may  poffibly  be  borrowed  from  II  Atheijh  fuU 

minato. 

MiJ’er , a Comedy  ailed  by  his  Majeflies  Ser- 
vants, at  the  Theatre-Royal ; printed  q\Lond. 
1671.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 

Charles, 


Dramatick  Poets.  449 

Charles,  Ld  Buckhurji , the  prefent  Earl  of  T)or- 
fet.  This  Play  the  Author  confefles  is  founded 
on  Molliere' s L Avar '<?;  which  by  the  way  is  it 
fel  f founded  on  Plautus  his  Aulularia.  ’T was 
the  laid  Play  that  was  adted  at  the  King’s  Houfe, 
before  the  fatal  Fire  there : Whoever  will  per- 
ufe  this  Play,  will  find  more  than  half  writ 
by  our  Author,  and  the  French  part  much  im- 
proved. 

Pfyche , a Tragedy  adted  at  the  Duke’s  Thea- 
tre; printed  4°.  Lond.  \6^s-  and  dedicated  to 
the  late.  James,  Duke  of  Monmouth.  This  was 
the  firfi:  Play  that  our  Author  writ  in  Rhime  ; 
and  on  that  Account  he  found  moff  of  the 
Crambo-Poets  up  in  Arms  againfl  it,  who  look’d 
upon  our  Author,  as  an  Incroacher  on  their 
Territories;  and  Were  (as  he  fays)  very  much 
offended  with  him,  for  leaving  his  own  Province 
of  Comedy,  to  invade  their  ^Dominion  o/Rhime : 
But  as  our  Author  never  valu’d  himfelf  upon 
this  Play,  fo  his  Defign  at  that  time,  was  to  en- 
tertain the  Town  with  variety  of  Mufick,  cu- 
rious Dancing,  fplendid  Scenes,  and  Machines ; 
and  not  with  fine  Poetry,  the  Audience  being 
not  at  leifure  to  mind  the  Writing.  The  foun- 
dation of  this  Play,  is  Apuleius  his  Aureus  Afi- 
nns  ; which  the  Reader  may  read  in  Englifh , 
under  the  Title  of  The  Golden  Afs , translated 
by  IV.  Adlington,  printed  40.  Lond.1619.  How 
far  he  has  borrow’d  from  the  French  Pjyche,  he 
tells  you  in  the  Preface,  and  I leave  it  to  tliofe 
which  have  feen  it  (which  I have  not)  to  give 
Judgment  to  whom  the  preference  belongs. 
How  much  this  Opera  takes,  e very  Bod  v that 
Ff  ' is 


4$o  An  Account  of  the 

is  acquainted  with  the  Theatre  knows ; and 
with  reafon,  fince  the  greateft  Mailers  in  Vo- 
cal  Mufick,  Dancing,  and  Painting,  were  con- 
cern’d  in  it. 

Royal  Shepherdefs,  a Tragi-comedy  ailed  by 
his  Highneis  the  Duke  of  fork's  Servants ; and 
printed  40.  Lond.  1 669.  This  Play  ( as  our  j 
Poet  owns)  was  originally  Mr  .Fountain's  of  j 
Devonjhire  ; and  without  defcanting  on  the 
Play,  I fhall  refer  the  Reader  to  the  view  of 
Mr.  Sbadyoell’s  Epiftle  to  the  Reader,  and  the  , 
Comparifon  of  both  Plays,  which  are  in  print,  > 
for;  his  flitisfailion. 

Squire  of  Alfatia,  a Comedy  ailed  by  their 
Majeflies  Servants;  printed  4°.  Lond.  1688. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Earl  of  ‘Dor fet  and  Mid 
dlefex.  . The  Ground  of  this  Play,  is  from  Te  I 
rence  his  Adelphi ; efpecially  the  two  Chara- 
iters  of  Mitio  and  Demea , which  I think  are 
improv’d.  If  he  has  not  taken  notice  of  hav-  j 
ing  borrowed  thefe  Charaiters,  ’tis  becaufe  he 
is  not  beholding  to  the  French , or  Englifj  for 
his  Model ; and  that  thofe  for  whom  he  chiefly  1 
writes,  are  Perfons  that  are  well  acquainted 
with  Poets  of  Antiquity,  and  need  not  be  in- 
formed. ’Tis  fufficient  for  the  vulgar  Audi- 
ence, that  the  Play  is  taking  and  divertive, 
without  troubling  their  Heads  whence  ’tis 
borrowed  : and  all  People  mult  allow  that  no  ■; 
Comedy  has  found  better  fuccefs  than  this, 
lince  the  Reffauration  of  the  Theatre. 

Sullen  Lovers , or  The  Impertinents ; a Come  * ^ 

dy  a£ted  by  his  Highneis  the  Duke  of  fork's, 
Servants;  printed  40.  Lond.  1670.  anddedica- 

- ted 


Dyamatick  Poets.  45  i 

ted  to  the  late  Duke  ok  Newcaflle.  The  Au- 
thor owns  that  he  receiv’d  a hint  from  the  Re- 
port of  Molhere' s Les  Fdcheuxj  upon  which  he 
wrote  a great  part  of  his  Play,  belore  he  law 
it.  The  Play  is  regular  and  diverting,  and  the 
Author  himfelf  has  better  defended  it  than  I 
am  able  to  do,  ilor  doth  he  at  any  time  need  a 
Second;  and  therefore  I refer  you  to  his  Pre- 
face for  Satisfaction. 

Timon  of  Athens , the  Man-hater , his  Hiflory, 
aCted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre ; made  into  a Play, 

firinted  40.  Lond.  i6y8.  and  dedicated  to  the 
ate  Duke  of  Buckingham.  The  Play  is  origi- 
nally Shake f pear  s ; but  fo  imperfectly  printed, 
that  ’tis  not  divided  into  ACts.  How  much  our 
Author  has  added,  or  expung’d,  I mull  leave 
to  the  Examination  of  the  lefs  bufie  Reader ; I 
not  having  time  at  prefent  to  enquire  into  par- 
ticulars. 

True  Widow , a Comedy  aCted  at  the  Duke  s 
Theatre ; printed  4° .Lond.16'79.  and  dedicated 
to  Sir  Charles  Stdley.  This  Play  I take  to  be 
as  true  Comedy ; and  the  Characters  and  Hu* 
incurs  to  be  as  well  drawn,  as  any  of  this  Age. 

Firtuojo,  a Comedy  aCted  at  the  Duke’s  The- 
atre; printed  of.  Lond.  16^6.  and  dedicated  to 
his  Grace  the  late  Duke  of  Newcajile.  I think 
there  is  no  Body  will  deny  this  Play  its  due 
Applaufe ; at  leaft  I know,  that  the  Univerfity 
of  Oxford \ who  may  be  allowed  Competent 
judges  of  Comedy,  (efpecially  of  fuch  Chara- 
cters, as  Sir  Nicholas  Ghncrach , and  Sir  Formal 
Trifle  ) applauded  it : and  as  no  Man  ever  un- 
dertook to  difcoverthe  Frailties  of  fuch  Pie-, 
F f 3.  tenders 


4 5 2 An  Account  of  the 

tenders  to  this  kind  of  Knowledge,  before  Mr. 
Shad-well ; lb  none  lince  Mr.  JohnJ'oris  Time, 
ever  drew  fo  many  different  Characters  of  Hu- 
mours, and  with  fuch  Succefs. 

Woman-Captain , a Comedy  aCted  at  his  Royal 
Highnefies  Servants;  printed  40 . Lond.  167 — 
and  dedicated  to  Henry,  Lord  Ogle , Son  to  his 
Grace  Henry , Duke  of  Newcaftle.  If  this  Play 
falls  fhort  of  the  former,  at  leaft  it  wants  not 
variety  of  Characters,  which  have  gained  ;it 
a Reputation  above  what  is  written  by  pitiful 
Toets  of  the  Fourth-Rate,  our  Author’s  perpe- 
tual Enemies,  who  are  no  more  to  be  regard- 
ed, than  the  buzzing  of  Flies,  and  InfeCts  in 
hot  Weather ; which  tho’  troublefome,  are  in- 
offenfive , and  without  Stings : and  for  his 
greatefl  Enemy ; he  has  imitated  the  Bee , that 
with  his  Malice,  has  left  his  Sting  behind  him. 

I hope  now,  our  Author  is  advanced  to  a Sta- 
tion , wherein  he  will  endeavour  to  exert  his 
Mufe  ; and  having  found  Encouragement  from 
Majelty  it  felf,aim  at  writing  Dramatick  Pieces, 
equal  to  thofe  of  Antiquity:  which  however 
applauded,  have  been  paralelled  ( I was  about 
to  fay  excelled)  by  the  Comedies  of  the  Admi-  ' 
rable  fohnfon. 

I muff  do  Mr.  cDryden  fo  much  Juffice,  as  to 
acknowledge,  that  in  EpiclyPoetry,  he  far  ex- 
ceeds not  only  Mr.  Shadwell , but  moft,  if  not  1 
all  the  Poets  of  our  Age : and  I could  wilh  our 
prefent  Laureat,  would  not  give  his  predecef 
for  fuch  frequent  Advantages  over  him ; but 
rather  confine  himfelf  within  his  own  Sphere 
of  Comedy. 

He 


Dramatick  Poets.  455 

He  lias  feveral Poems  extant,  but  becaufe  his 
Name  is  not  affix’d  to  them,  I fliall  mention 
but  Three;  viz.The  tenth  Satyr  0/J11 venal, tranf- 
lated  with  Notes,  printed  40.  Lond.  1687.  A 
Congratulatory  Poem  on  his  Highnefs  the  Prince 
of  Orange,  coming  into  England : and  another 
to  the  rnoft  IlluflrioUs  QyJMary,  upon  her  Ar- 
rival ; both  printed  4°.  Lond.  i68p. 

William  Shakespear. 

One  of  the  moll  Eminent  Poets  of  his  Time; 
he  was  born  at  Stratford w^onAvon  'mlVarwick- 
Jhire ; and  flouriffied  in  the  Reigns  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , and  King  James  the  Firlt.  His  Na- 
tural Genius  to  Poetry  was  fo  excellent,  that 
like  thole  Diamonds  (*),  which  are  found  in 
Cornwall , Nature  had  little,  or  no  occafion  for 
the  Aflillance  of  Art  to  polilli  it.  The  Truth 
is,  ’tis  agreed  on  by  moll,  that  his  Learning 
was  not  extraordinary;  and  1 am  apt  to  be- 
lieve, that  his  Skill  in  the  French  and  Italian 
Tongues,  exceeded  his  Knowledge  in  the  Ro- 
man Language : for  we  find  him  not  only  be- 
holding to  Cynthio  Giraldi  and  Bandelloy  for  his 
Plots,  but  likewife  a Scene  in  Henry  the  Fifth, 
written  in  French , between  the  Princefs  Cathe- 
rine and  her  Governante : Befides  Italian  Pro- 
verbs fcatter’d  up  and  down  in  his  Writings. 
Few  Perlbns  that  are  acquainted  with  "Drama- 
tick  Poetry , but  are  convinced  of  the  Excel- 
lency of  his  Compolitions,  in  all  Kinds  of  it: 
and  as  it  would  be  fuperfluous  in  me  to  endea- 

( 1 ) Dr.  Falter  In  his  Account  of  ib*k  efpcar. 

F f 3 


vour 


454  An  Account  of  the 

vour  to.particularife  what  moft  deferves  praife 
in  him,  after  fo  many  Great  Men  that  have 
given  him  their  feveral  Teftimonials  of  his 
Merit ; fo  I fhould  think  I were  guilty  of  an 
Injury  beyond  pardon  to  his  Memory,  fhould 
I fo  far  difparage  it,  as  to  bring  his  Wit  in  com- 
petition with  any  of  our  Age.  ’Tis  true  Mr. 
Tdryden  (m)  has  cenTured  him  very  leverely,  in 
his  Pofticript  to  Granada\  but  in  cool  Blood, and 
when  the  Knthujiajtick  Fit  was  pall,  he  has  ac- 
knowledged him  [ in  his  ‘Drarnatick  EJJ'ay  ] 
Equal  at  leaf!,  if  not  Superiour,  to  M r.  John- 
fon  in  Poejie.  I (hall  not  here  repeat  what  has 
been  before  urged  in  his  behalf,  in  that  Com-, 
mon  Defence  of  the  Poets  of  that  Time,  againft 
Mr.  ‘Dry den's  Account  of  Ben.  John] on ; but 
fhall  take  the  Liberty  to  fpeak  my  Opinion,  as 
my  predeceflors  have  done,  of  his  Works; 
which  is  this,  That  I efleem  his  Plays  beyond 
any  that  have  ever  been  publifhed  in  our  Lan- 
guage : and  tho’  I extreamly  admire  JohnJ'on, 
and  Bietcher ; yet  I mull  Bill  aver,  that  when 
-in  competition  with  Shakefpear , Tmufl  apply 
to  them  wha tjufttis  %ipfius  writ  in  his  Letter 
to  Andfieas  Schottus * concerning  Terence  and 
l Plautus , when  compar’d;  Terentium  atm,  ad- 
miror,  fedPlautum  tnagis.  >"  ' ' ?1 

He  has  writ  about  Forty  fix  Plays,  all  which 
except-  three,  are  bound  in  one  Volume  in  Fol, 
printed  Loud.  i68y.  The  whole  Book  is  de- 
dicated to  the  Earls  of  ‘Pembroke  and  Montgo- 
mery i being  ufher’d  into  the  World  with  fe- 
veral Copies  of  Verfes;  but  none  more  valued 

{m)  5se  O/ydet  s Accent. 

o 7 - ; *;  j i that? 


Dr amatick  Poets*  455 

than  thole  Lines  made  by  BenJohnfon\  which 
being  too  long  to  be  here  tranfcribcd,  I fhall 
leave  them  to  be  perus’d  by  the  Reader,  with 
his  Works,  of  which  I fhall  give  fome  Account 
as  follows. 

All's  well,  that  ends  well ; a Comedy.  This 
Play  is  founded  on  a Novel  written  by  Jean 
Boccacio  ; fee  his  Nov.  Day  the  3.  Nov.  the  p. 
concerning  Juliet  of  JVarbona , and  Bertrand 
Count  of  RoJJilion. 

Anthony  and  Cleopatra , a Tragedy.^  . The 
Ground:  of  this  Play  is  founded  on  Hiftory  : fee 
Plutarch's  Life  of  Anthony ; Appian,‘Dion  Caf- 
Jius,  ‘Diodorus,  F lot  us, 

As  you  like  it,  a Comedy. 

Comedy  of  Errors.  This  Play  is  founded  on 
Plautus . his  ChLenechmi : and  if  it  be  not  a 
juft  Tranflation,  ’tis  at  leaft  a Paraphrafo  t and 
I think  far  heyond  the  Tranflation,  call’d  Me- 
nechmus,  which  was  printed  40.  Lond.  rypy. 

Coriolanus,  a Tragedy.  This  is  founded  on 
Hiftory : fee  Livy,  ‘Dionyfius  HallicarnaJJieus  ; 
‘Plutarch's  Life  of  Coriolanus,<fyc.  Part  of  this 
Play  appear’d  upon  the  Stage  feven  Years  fince, 
under  the  Title  of  Ingratitude  of  a Common- 
Wealth. 

Cromwell , {Thomas  IA)  the  Hiftory  of  his 
Life  and  Death.  This  Play  is  likewife  fotand- 
ed  on  Hiftory : See  Fox's  Martyrology ; Fuller's 
Church  Hiftory ; Stow,  Speed,  Hollingfhead,  Her- 
bert, Baker,  Dr.  Burnet,  </yc.  The  Story  of 
Cromwell. , and  Mr.  Frefcobald the  Merchant,  is 
related  in  Dr.  Hake  well  s Apology,  and  Wan - 
ley's  Hftory  of  - Man,  Book  3.CI1.2.0. 

F f 4 Cym- 


456  An  Account  of  the 

Cymbehne  his  Tragedy.  This  Play,  tho’  the 
Title  bear  the  Name  of  a King  of  Brute's  Li- 
nage ; yet  I think  ows  little  to  the  Chronicles 
of  thofe  Times,  as  far  as  I can  collect,  from 
Grafton , Stow.,  Milton , jyc.  But  the  Subject  is 
rather  built  upon  a Novel  in  Boccace , viz.  Day 
a.  Nov.  9.  This  Play  was  reviv’d  by  Turfey 
about  feven.  Years  fince,  under  the  Title  of  The 
Injured  Princefs , or  The  Fatal  IVager. 

Henry  the  Fourth,  the  Firft  part,;  with  the 
Life  of  Henry  Percy,  firnamed  Hot-Jpur.  This 
Play  is  built  upon  our  Fnglifj  Hiflory  : fee  the 
four  former  Years  of  his  Reign,  in  Harding , 
Buchanan , C ax  ton,  IValJingham , Fabian , Poly- 
c lore  Virgil,  Hall,  Grafton , Hollingfhead , Hey: 
ward,  ] rifj'el,  Martin , Stow,  Speed,  Baker,  (yc. 
As  to  the  Comical  part,  ’tis  certainly  our  Au- 
thor’s own  Invention  ; and  the  Character  of 
Sir  John  Falflaff,  is  owned  by  Mr.  ‘Dry den,  to 
be  the  hell. of  Comical  Chara&ers : and  the  Au- 
thor him  fell  had  fb  good  an  Opinion  of  it,  that 
he  continued  it  in  no  lefs  than  four  Plays. 
This  part  ufed  to  be  play’d  by  Mr  .Lacy,  and 
never  fail’d  of  unjverfal  applaufe. 

Henry  the  Fourth,  the  Second  part;  contain- 
ing his  Death,  and  the  Coronation  of  King 
Henry  the  Fifth.  For  the  Hiflorical  part,  con- 
fult  the  fore-mentioned  Authors.  The  Epi- 
logue  to  this  Play  is  writ  in  Profe,  and  fliews 
that  ’twas  writ  in  the  Time  of  Q^Fhzabeth. 

Henry  the  Fifth  his  Life.  This  Play  is 
like  wife  writ  and  founded  on  Hiflory?  with  a 
Mixture  of  Comedy,  The  Play  is  continued 
from  the  beginning  of  his  Reign,  to  his  Mar- 
riage 


Dramatick  Poets.  4^7 

rage  with' Katherine  of  France.  For  Hiftori- 
ans,  fee  as  before,  Harding , Caxton,  JV zlfing- 
ham,  fee.  This  Play  was  writ  during  the  time 
that  EJJ'ex  was  General  in  Ireland \ as  you  may 
lee  in  the  beginning  of  the  firft  A6t ; where  our 
Poet  by  a pretty  Turn,  compliments  EJJex,  and 
feems  to  foretell  Victory  to  Her  Majellies 
Forces  agamll  the  Rebels. 

Henry  the  Sixth,  the  Firfl  part. 

Henry  the  Sixth,  the  Second  part,  with  the 
Death  of  the  Good  Duke  Humphrey. 

Henry  the  Sixth,  the  Third  part,  with  the 
Death  of  the  Duke  of  Fork.  Thele  three  Plays 
contain  the  whole  length  of  this  Kings  Reign, 
viz.  Thirty  eight  .Years,  fix  Weeks,  and  four 
Days.  Altho’  this  be  contrary  to  the  ftri£t 
Rules  of  Dramatick  Toe  try ; yet  it  mull  be 
own’d,  even  by  Mr.  Dry  den  (n)  himfelf,  That 
this  Picture  in  Miniature,  lias  many  Features, 
which  excell  even  feveral  of  his  more  exa£l 
Strokes  of  Symmetry,  and  Proportion.  For 
the  Story,  confult  the  Writers  of  thofe  Times, 
viz.  Caxton,  Fabian,  Tol.  Virgil.  Hall,  Holling- 
Jhead,  Grafton,  Stow,  Speed,  fee. 

Henry  the  Eighth, the  Famous  Hillory  of  his 
Life.  This  Play  frequently  appears  on  the  pre- 
lent Stage;  the  part  of  Henry  being  extreamly 
well  a6ted  by  Mr. Betterton.  ThisPlay  is  found- 
ed on  Hillory  likewife.  Hollingfh.  Hall, Graf  ton. 
Stow,  Speed,  Herbert,  Martin,  Baker,  fee. 

Hamlet , Prince  of  Denmark,  his  Tragedy. 
I know  not  whether  this  Story  be  true  or  lalle; 
but  I cannot  find  in  the  Lift  given  by  Dr.  Hey- 

in)  Uraumia;.  Hlr-y,  j>.  79. 

I'm 


4 5 8 An  Account  of  the 

l in,  fuch  a King  of  ‘Denmark , as  Claudius.  AH 
that  I can  inform  the  Reader,  is  the  Names  of 
thole  Authors  that  have  written  of  the  Affairs 
of  Denmark  and  Norway ; and  muff  leave  it  to 
their  further  fearch : .fuch  are  Saxo-Gramma- 
ticus,  Idacius,  Crantzius , Pontanus , fee.  This, 
Play  was  not  many  Years  ago  printed  in  quar- 
to; all  being  mark’d,  according  to  the  Cuftom 
of  the  Stage,  which  was  cut  out  in  the  A£tion. 

John  King  of  England ',  his  Life  and  Death. 
For  the  Plot,  fee  Matth'.  Pans,  R.  Hidden,  Wal- 
Jingham,  fVeftminfler,  Fabian,  Pol.  Virgil , Hol- 
Imgjhead,  Grafton,  Stow,  Speedy  fee. 

Julius  Cyfar  his  Tragedy.  This  Play  is 
founded  on  Hiflory ; fee  Livy,  Plutarch,  Sue- 
toniusy fee.  This  Play  was  reviv’d  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  about  fifteen  Years  ago  ; and 
printed  40.  Loud.,  1 684.  There  is  an  Excellent 
Prologue  to  it,  printed  in  Covent  Garden  Drol > 
kr/y-p.c). 

Lear  King  of  Englandy  his  Tragedy.  This 
Play  is  founded  on  Hiflory  ; fee  fuch  Authors 
as  have  written  concerning  Brutes  Hiflory,  as 
Lelandy  Glocejler,  Huntingdon,  Monmouth^  fee. 
Butrthe  Subject1  of  this  Story  may  be  read  fuc- 
cindlly  in  ej ‘Milton's  Hiflory  of  England \ 40. 
Book  1.  p.  17.  fee . This  Play  about  eight 

Years  fince  was  reviv’d  with  Alterations,  by 
Mr.  Tate. 

Locrine  Eldefl  Son  to  King  Brutus,  his  Tra- 
gedy. This  Tragedy  contains  his  Reign,  with 
the  lofs  of  FJlrildis  and  Sabra;  which  accord- 
ing to  ffaacfon’s  Chronology, was  twenty  Years. 
For  the  Authors,  confult  tliofe  afo  remention’d, 

par- 


Dramathk  Poets . 459 

particularly  Milton , Book  1.  p.  14.  Supple- 
ment to  Theatre  of  Gods  Judgment sffi.6.  {Jbal- 
dino  Le  vite  delle  Tonne  Illuftri , p.  7. 

London  Prodigal,  a Comedy.  This  is  One 
of  the  Seven  Plays  which  are  added  to  this 
Volume ; which  tho’ printed  all  of  them  in  40. 
were  never  in  Folio,  till  1685-.  Two  of  thefe, 
viz.  Cromwell  and  Locrine , we  have  already 
handled  ; the  Remaining  four,  viz.  Old-cajlle , 

: Ter icles , TuritanWidow , and  Torkfhire  Tragedy , 
fhall  be  treated  in  their  order. 

Loves  Labour  loft,  a Comedy  : the  Story  of 
which  I can  give  no  Account  of. 

■JJfeafure  for  Meafure , a Comedy,  founded 
on  a Novel  in  Cynthio  Giraldi : viz.  Teca  Otta- 
va,  Novella  si  The  like  Story  is  in  Goulards 
Hijtoires  Admirabks  de  notre  temps,  Tome  1. 
page  ai  6.  and  in  Lipjii  Monita  L.x.  C.p.p.  1 if. 
This  Play,  as  I have  obferved,  was  made  ufe 
of  with  the  Comedy  TMuch  ado  about  nothing , 
by  Sir  JVilliam  T' Avenant,  in  his  Law  againji 
Lovers.  * ! 

iJMerchant  o/'Ve nice,  a Tragi-comedy. 

GMerry  IVives  0/ Windfor,  a Comedy;  which 
Mr.  Try  den  (°)  allows  to  be  exactly  form’d; 
and  it  was  regular  before  any  of  Ben.Johnfori s. 
This  is  not  wholly  without  the  Affiftance  of 
Novels ; witnefs'Mrs.  Fork’s  conveying  out  Sir 
•John  Falftajfiw  the  Basket  of  Foul  Clothes; 
and  his  declaring  all  thfcv  Intrigue  to  her  Hufo 
band,  under  the  Name  of  Mr.  Broom ; which 
Story  is  related  in  the  fuff  Novel  of  The  For- 
tunate Teceivedy and Unfortunate  Lovers:  which 
Oram,  Ejf.  pj  47.  ' r'““™  S " ' 


Book, 


460  An  Account  of  tbs 

Boyk,  tho’  wi-Itten  lince  Shake  [pears  Time,  I 
am  able  to  prove  feveral  of  thofe  Novels  are 
tranflated  out  of  Cynthia  Giraldi , others  from 
dMallejpini ; and  I believe  the  whole  to  be  a 
Collection  from  old  Novelifls. 

dMackbeth,  a Tragedy ; which  was  reviv'd 
by  the  Dukes  Company,  and  re-printed  with 
Alterations,  and  New  Songs,  40.  Lond.  1674. 
The  Play  is  founded  on  the  Hiflory  of  Scotland. 
The  Reader  may  confult  thefe  Writers  for  the 
Story : viz.  Heft  or  Boetius,  Buchanan,  2)  u chefue7 
Hollingfhead, , (yc.  The  fame  Story  is  fuccinclly 
related  in  Verfe,  in  Hey  wood's  Hierarchy  of 
Angels y B.  1.  p.  yo8.  and  in  Profe  in  Heyhns 
Colinography,Book  1.  in  the  Hift  o£  Brittain, 
where  he  may  read  the  Story  at  large.  At  the 
A£ting  of  this  Tragedy,  on  the  Stage,  I faw  a 
real  one  adted  in  the  Pit;  I mean  the  Death  of 
Mr.Smw/>,who  received  his  death’s  wound  from 
the  late  Sir  Thomas  Armftrong,  and  died  pre- 
sently after  he  was  remov’d  to  a Houle  oppo- 
fite  to  the  Theatre,  in  jDorfet-Garden. 

clMidfummer  Nights  [bream,  a Comedy. 
■The  Comical  part  of  this  Play,  is  printed  fe- 
parately  in,  40.  and  ufed  to  be  a£ted  at  Bartholo- 
mew Fair, and  other  Markets  in  the  Country  by 
Strolers,  under  theTitleof  Bottom  the  fTeaVer. 

fJMuch  ado  about  nothing,  a Comedy.  I have 
already  fpoke  of  Sir  IVilliam  2)' Avenant's 
making  u.le  of  this  Comedy.  All  that  I have 
to  remark  is, That  the  contrivance  of  Borachio, 
in  behalf  o£  John  the  Ballard  to  make  Claudio 
jealous  of  Hero,  by  the  Affiflance  of  her  Wait- 
ing-Woman Margaret , is  borrowed  from  Art- 


Dramatick  Poets.  46 1 

sfds  Orlando  FurioJ'o:  fee  Book  the  fifth  in  the 
Story  of  Lurcanio , and Geneuza'.  the  like  Story 
is  in  Spencer's  Fairy  Queen,  Book  2.  Canto  4. 

Oldcaftle,  the  good  Lord  Cobham  his  Htjiory. 
The  Protagonifl:  in  this  Play,  is  Six  John  Old- 
cajlle , who  was  executed  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Henry  the  Fifth  : See  his  Life  at  large  in  Fox 
his  Marty rology ; Dr.  Fuller , and  other  Wri- 
ters of  Church  Hiftory,  as  well  as  Chrono- 
logers. 

Othello,  the  Moor  of  Venice  his  Tragedy. 
This  is  reckoned  an  Admirable  Tragedy ; and 
was  reprinted  4 o.Lond.  1^80.  and  is  ftillan  En- 
tertainment at  the  Theatre-Royal.  Our  Atu 
thor  borrowed  the  Story  ixom  Cynthio's  Novels, 
Dec.  3. Nov.  7.  The  truth  is,  SaluJlioTicolommi 
in  his  Letter  to  the  Author,  extreamly  ap- 
plauds thefe  Novels,  as  being  moft  of  them  fit 
Subjects  for  Tragedy;  as  you  may  fee  by  the 
following  Lines.  lGli  Heccatomithi  vojlri , Sig- 
( norCynthio,mi Jono  maravigliofa  mente  piaciuti. 
4 Et  fra  le  altre  cofe  to  ci  ho  veduti  1 pin  belli  argo- 
4 mente  di  Tragedie,  che  [i  pojfano  imaginare , 

4 quanto  a i nodi , tfy  quanto  alle  folutioni,  tanto  fe- 
4 licemente  ho  vijle  legate  le  difficult d,  che  pure 
4 ano  imptffibili  ad  effere  fegate.  Mr.  Dry  den 
fays  (?),’That  moll  of  Shake] "pears  Plots,  he 
means  the  Story  of  them,  are  to  be  found  in 
this  Author.  I mull:  confefs,  that  having  with 
great  difficulty  obtained  the  Book  from  Lon- 
don, I have  found-  but  two  of  thofe  mentioned 
by  him,  tho’  I have  read  the  Book  carefully 
over, 

ip)  rtekc;  Atate-slftruL 

Pc.. 

.</.• 


I 


4$  2 An  Account  of  the 

Pericles  Trince  of  Tyre ; with  the  true  Rela- 
tion of  the  whole  Hif lory , Adventures,  and 
Fortunes  of  the  faid  Prince.  This  Play  was 
publifh’d  in  the  Author’s  Life-time,  under  the 
Title  of  The  much  Admired  Play  of  ‘Pericles  ; 
by  which  you  may  guefs  the  value  the  Audi- 
tors and  Spe&ators  of  that  Age  had  for  it.  I 
know  not  whence  our  Author  fetch’d  his  Sto- 
ry, not  meeting  in  Hiftorv  with  any  fuch 
Prince  of  lyre ; nor  remembring  any  of  that 
Name,  except  the  Famous  Athenian , whofe 
Life  is  celebrated  by  Tint  arch. 

Turitan,  or  1 he  Widow  of  IVattling-flreet ; a 
Comedy  fufficiently  diverting. 

Richard  the  Second  his  Life  and  Death  ; a 
Tragedy,  which  is  extreamly  commended  even 
by  Mr.  Dryden, in.  his  Grounds  of  Criticifme  in 
Tragedy,  printed  before  Troilus  and  CreJJida ; 
and  Mr.  Tate,  who  altered  this  Play  in  i68i. 
fays,  That  there  are  fome  Mafter-touches  in 
this  Play,  that  will  vye  with  the  bell  Roman 
Poets.  For  the  Plot,  confult  the  Chronicles 
of  Harding , CaXton , W ilfingham , Fabian , Tol. 
Virgil ',  Grafton , Hottingfhead,  Stow , Speed,  <fcyc. 

Richard  the  Third  his  Tragedy , with  the  land- 
ing  of  the  Earl  of  Richmond,  and  the  Battle  of 
Bofworth  Field.  This  Play  is  alfo  founded  on 
Hiftory.  See  Fabian,  Caxton , Tol.  Virgil,  Hol- 
lingfhead,  Grafton,  TruJJ'el,  Stow , Speed,  Baker, 
&c. 

Romeo  and  Juliet,  a Tragedy.  This  Play  is 
accounted  amongft  the  bell  of  our  Author’s 
Works.  Mr.  Dryden  fays,  That  he  has  read 
the  Story  of  it  in  the  Novels  of  Cynthio  ; which 


Drdmatick  Poets . 4 5 3 

as  yet  I cannot  find,  but  let  it  down  in  my  for- 
mer Catalogue,  relying  upon  his  Knowledge. 
But  I have  fince  read  it  in  French,  t ranflated  by 
A. Tier  re  Boijieau , whole  Sir-name  was  Launay; 
who  fays  it  was  writ  by  Bandello,  but  not  hav- 
ing as  yet  met  with  Bandello  in  the  Original,  I 
muff  acquiefce  in  his  Word.  The  French  Rea- 
der may  perufe  it  in  the  firft  Tome  of  Les  Hi - 
Jioires  Tragicques,  extraiSies  des  ceuvtes  Jta - 
Itenues  de  Bandello , imprime  8°.  a Turin  lyyo. 

Taming  of  the  Shrew , a very  diverting  Co- 
medy. The  Story  of  the  Tinker,  is  related  by 
Tontus  Heuterns , Rerum  Bur  die  arum,  lib.  4. 
and  by  Goulart , in  his  Hifl.  Admiralties,  Tom. 
1.  p.  360. 

Tempejl,  a Comedy,  How  much  this  Play 
is  now  in  Efteem,  tho’  the  Foundation  were 
Shakefpear's,  all  People  know.  How  it  took 
at  the  Black-jry ars , let  Mr.  Try  den's  Preface 
fpeak.  For  his  Opinion  of  Caliban,  the  Mon- 
fter’s  Character,  let  his  Preface  to  Troilus  and 
Crefjida  explain.  1 No  Man  except  Shakefpeari 
( ever  drew  fo  many  Chara&ars,  or  generally 
‘diftinguifh’d  them  better  from  one  another, 
‘except  only  Johnfon : I will  inftance  but  in 
‘ one,  to  £hew  the  copioufnefs  of  his  Invention; 
4 ’tis  that  of  Caliban,  or  the  Monfter  in  the  7 em- 
ipejl : He  feems  here  to  have  created  a Perfon, 
c which  was  not  in  Nature ; a boldnefs  which 
£ at  firft  fight  would  appear  intolerable : For 
‘he  makes  him  a Jpecies  of  himfelf  begotten 
‘by  an  Incubus  on  a Witch ; but  this  is  not. 
* wholly  beyond  the  bounds  of  Credibility ; at 
‘leaf!,  the  Vulgar  ( I fuppofe  ) hill  believe  ir 


aH  An  Account  of  the 

But  this  is  not  the  only  Character  of  this  Na- 
ture that  Mr.  ShakeJ'pear  has  written  ; for  Mer- 
lin, as  he  introduces  him,  is  Cozen-German  to 
Caliban  by  Birth ; as  thofe  may  oblerve,  who 
will  read  that  Play.  As  to  the  Foundation  of 
this  Comedy,  I am  ignorant  whether  it  be  the 
Author’s  own  Contrivance,  or  a Novel  built 
up  into  a Play. 

Titus  Andronicus  his  Lamentable  Tragedy  : 
This  Play  was  firfl  printed  of.  Lond.  1 yp^j..  and 
ailed  by  the  Earls  of  Derby,  ‘Pembroke,  and 
E/fex , their  Servants.  ’Twas  about  the  time 
of  the  Popiflj-plot  revived  and  altered  by  Mr. 
Ravenjcroft.  In  his  Preface  to  the  Reader,  he 
fays  (9),  That  he  thinks  it  a greater  theft  to  rob 
the  Dead  of  their  PraiJ'e , than  the  Living  of  their 
Money:  Whether  his  Practice  agree  with  his 
Proteflation,  I leave  to  the  Comparifon  of  his 
Works,  with  thole  ol  Molliere : and  whether 
Mr.  Shadwell’s  Opinion  of  Plagiaries,  reach 
not  Mr.  Ravenjcroft,  I leave  to  the  Reader. 

< I ( fays  he  (r)  ingenioully  ) freely  confefs  my 

< Theft,  and  am  alham’d  on’t;  tho’  I have 
<the  Example  of  fome  that  never  yet  wrote  a 
<Play,  without  Healing  moll  of  it;  and  (like 
(■  Men  that  Lye  lo  long,  till  they  believe  them- 
‘ felves ) at  length  by  continual  Thieving, 

< reckon  their  llollen  Goods  their  own  too : 

< which  is  fo  Ignoble  a thing,  that  I cannot 
<but  believe  that  he  that  makes  a common 
f practice  of  Healing  other  Men’s  Wit,  would, 
<if  he  could  with  the  fame  Safety,  Heal  any 

< thing  elle.  Mr.  Ravenjcroft , in  the  Epiflle 

(qj  SyttjiUi  his  Op.mon.  (r/frtf.  JSulita  Loveri* 

1 to 


Dramatick  Poets.  - 4 6$ 

6 to  Titus,  lays,  That  the  Play  was  not  origi- 
nally Shakejpear's ,'  but  brought  by  a private 
‘ Author  to  be  ailed,  and  he  only  gave  fome 
‘ Mailer-touches  to  one  or  two  of  the  principal 
‘Parts  or  Charaiters  : afterwards  he  boalls  his 
‘own  pains;  and  fays,  That  if  the  Reader 
‘ compare  the  Old  Play  with  his  Copy,  he  will 
‘find  that  none  in  all  that  Author’s  Works 
‘ever  receiv’d  greater  Alterations,  or  Addi- 
ctions; the  Language  not  only  refined,  but 
‘many  Scenes  entirely  new:  Befides  moll 

‘ of  the  principal  Charailers  heightened,  and 
‘ the  Plot  much  encreafed.  I lhall  not  engage 
in  this  Controverfy ; but  leave  it  to  his  Rivals 
in  the  Wrack  of  that  Great  Man,  Mr.  Dry  den y 
Shadwell,  Crown , Tate,  and  Durfey.  But  to 
make  Mr.  Ravenf croft  fome  Reparation,  I will 
here  furnilh  him  with  part  of  his  Prologue, 
which  he  has  loll ; ana  if  he  defire  it,  lend 
him  the  whole. 

To  day  the  Toet  does  not  fear  your  Rage , 
Shakefpear  by  him  reviv'd  now  treads  the  Stage: 
Under  his  f acred  LaWrels  he  fits  down 
Safe , from  the  blaft  of  any  Critic  ks  Frown. 
Like  other  Toets,  he'll  not  proudly fcorn 
To  own, that  he  but  winnow'd Shakefpear’rCbrw; 
So  far  he  was  from  robbing  him  of' s Treafure , 
That  he  did  add  his  own , to  make  full  Meafure * 

Timon  oyf  Athens  his  Life.  This  Play  was 
thought  fit  to  be  prefented  on  the  Stage,  with 
fome  Alterations  by  Mr.  Shadwell , in  the  Year 
1618.  1 lhall  lay  more  of  it  in  the  Account 

©f  his  Works.  The  foundation  of  the  Story 
G g may 


4 66  An  Account  of  the 

may  be  read  in  Plutarch' s Life  of  c 31.  Anthony ; 
lee  befides  Lucian' % Dialogues,  fee. 

Troilus  and  CreJJtda , a Tragedy.  Of  this 
Play  I have  already  given  an  Account : fee  the 
Name,  in  the  Remarks  on  Mr.  Dryden}\vho  al- 
tered this  Play,  in  the  Year  1679. 

Twelfth-Night , or  What  you  will ; a Comedy. 
I know  not  whence  this  Play  was  taken ; but 
the  Reftmblance  of  Sebafiian  to  his  Sifter  Viola, 
and  her  change  of  Habit,  occafioning  fo  many 
miftakes,  was  doubtlefs  firft  borrowed  ( not 
only  by  ShakeJ'pear , but  all  our  fucceeding 
Poets)  from  Plautus , who  has  made  ufe  of  it 
in  feveral  Plays,  as  Amphitruo , Mmnechmi,  fyc. 
Two  Gentlemen  e/"  Verona,  3 Comedy. 
Winter's  Tale , a Tragi-comedy.  The  Plot 
of  this  Play  may  be  read  in  a little  Stitcht-pam- 
phlet,  which  is  call’d,  as  I remember,  The 
Dele  ft  able  Hiflory  of  Doraftus  and  Fawnia ; 

printed  4°.  Lond. 

Yorkfhire  Tragedy , not  fo  new , as  lamentable 
and  true.  This  may  rather  deferve  the  Old 
Title  of  an  Interlude,  than  a Tragedy ; it  be- 
ing not  divided  into  A6ts,  and  being  far  too 
fiiort  for  a Play. 

Theft  are  all  that  are  in  Folio;  there  reft 
yet  three  Plays  to  be  taken  notice  of,  whfoh  are 
printed  in  quarto,  viz. 

Birth.  0/  Merlin,  or  The  Child  has  loft  his  Fa- 
ther aTragi-comedy  feveral  times  afted  with 
great  applaufo,  and  printed  quarto  Lond.  i66z. 
This  Play  was  writ  by  our  Author  and  Mr.  W. 
Ro-wly  ; of  which  we  have  already  fpoken.  For 
the  Plot,  confult  the  Authors  of  thofo  times: 
' - fuch 


DramMtck  Poets.  467 

fuch  as  Ethelvoerd,  Bede , G. Monmouth,  Baht  an, 
Pol.  Firgil , S/ouu,  Speed ' dye.  CJbald'mo,  Ee 

Fite  delle  Donne  Illujlri , p.  18. 

John  King  of  England  his  trouble fome  Reign \ 
■the  Firfl  and  Second  Part,  with  the  Difcovery 
of  King  Ricked Cceur  de  Jypfds  Bale  Son,  ( vul- 
garly named  the  Bajlard  Faivconbridge).  Allb 
the  Death  of  King  John  at  Swinjlead  i\bbey. 
As  they  were  fu,ndry  times  a£ted  by  the  Queens 
Majefties  Players,  printed  quarto  Lond.  1611. 
Thefe  Plays  are  not  divided  into  A£ts,  neither 
are  the  fame  with  that  in  Folio.  I am  apt  to 
conjecture  that  thefe  were  firfl:  writ  b/  our 
Author,  and  afterwards  reyifed  and  reduced 
into  one  Play  by  him : that  in  the  Folio,  losing 
far  the  better.  For  the  Plot,  I refer  you  to  the 
Authors  aforementioned,  in  that  Play  which 
bears  the  fame  Title.  , T 

Befides  thefe  Plays,  I know'  Mr.  Kirkman 
aferibes  another  Pafloral  to  him ; viz.  The  Ar- 
raignment of  Paris : but  having  never  feen  it, 
I dare  not  determine  whether  it  belongs\to 
him  or  no.  Certain  I am,  that  our  Author  has 
writ  two  fmall  Poems,  viz.  Fenus  and  Adobes, 
printed  8A  Lond.  1601.  amd  The  Rape  of  Lu- 
crece,  printed  80.  Londii  %iy.v,publifh’d  b^  Mr. 
Qgarles,  with  a little  Poem  ahnextof  hifiown 
production,  which  bear  the  Title  of  . Tarquin 
banijhed, or  The  Reward  o f Luft.  Sr  .John  Suchjin 
had  fo  great  a;  Value  for  otti?  Author,  that  (as 
Mr.  'Dry’dm ^bferves  in  bi&Tffamati&k  E’ffapf 
he  preferred  him  to  JohnfM:  -and  what  'Value 
he  had  for  this  fmall  Piece  of  Luerece , may  ap- 
pear from  his  Supplement  which  he  writ,  and 
Gg  % s which 


468  An  Account  of  the 

■which  he  has  publilht  in  his  Poems : which 
becaufe  it  will  give  you  a tafte  of  both  their 
Mufes,  X lhall  tranfcribe. 

I. 

One  of  her  Hands , one  of  her  Cheeks  Jay  under , 
Cozening  the  Billow  of  a lawfull  Kiji ', 

JVhicb  therefore • fweltd ',  & feem’d  to  part  afun- 
As  angry  to  Ire  rohb'd  of  fuch  a BliJ's:  [der, 

The  One  lookt  pale, and  for  Revenge  did  long , 
fVhilfi  f other  blufht,  ’cauf'e  it  had  done  the 
wrong. 

H. 

Out  of  the  Bed ’ the  other  fair  Hand  was 
On  a green  Sattin  Quilt,  wbofc  pcrfeti  white, 
Look}  like  a Dazie  in  a field  of  Graf, 
f)Andfbew'd  like  unmeltfnow  unto  the  fight : 
There  lay  this  pretty  perdue  ;fafe  to  keep 
The  reji  o'th’  Body  that  lay  fafi  afeep. 

III. 

Her  Eyes[and therefore  it  was  Night)clofe  laid, 
Strove  to  imprif on  Beauty  till  the  Morn : 

But  yet  the  "Doors,  were  of fuch  fine fluff  made. 
That  it  broke  through & fhew’dit f elf  in fcorn ; 

. . Throwing  a kind  of  light  about  the place. 

Which  turn'd  to  f miles,  fill  as  t came  near 
her  Face.-  \ 

• 'Y  )v:  V 7.  , 

I have  now  no  more  to  do,  but  to  dole  up 
all,  with  an  Account  of  his  Death  which  was 
on  the  xjd  of  April. , Anno  Dom.  1616.  He 

(;)  Tims  fat  Mr.  shakeffiar. 

lyeth 


Bramatkk  Poets.  4 69 

lyeth  Buried  in  the  Great  Church  in  Stratford 
upon  Avon , with  his  Wife  and  Daughter  Su~ 
I anna,  the  Wife  of  Mr.  John  Hall.  In  the 
North  Wall  of  the  Chancel,  is  a Monument 
fixed  which  reprefents  his  true  Effigies,  lean- 
ing upon  a Culhion,  with  the  following  In- 
feription. 

Ingenio  Pylum,genio  Socratem,«r/eMaronem, 
Terra  tegit , Populus  mmet,  Olympus  babet. 

Stay , Pafjenger , why  dojt  thou  go  Jo  faft  ? 

Read \ if  thou  canft,  whom  envious  Death  has 
plac't 

Within  this  Monument ,Shakelpear,w//£  whom 

Qtsicf  Nature  died \ whofe  Name  doth  deck,  the 
Tomb 

Far  more  than  cojl , fince  all  that  he  hath  writ 

Leaves  living  Art , but  Page,  to  ferve  his  kFit. 

Obiit  An  Dom.  1616. 

JEt.  ^j.die  23.  Apr. 

Near  the  Wall  where  this  Monument  is 
Ere&ed,  lyeth  a plain  Free-ftone,  underneath 
which,  his  Body  is  Buried,  with  this  Epitaph. 

Good  Friend,  for  Jefus  fake,  forbear 

To  dig  the  Dujl  enclofed  here. 

Blejl  be  the  Man  that  fpares  thefe  Stones 9 

And  curs'd  be  he  that  moves  my  Bones. 

Lewis  Sharpe. 

An  Author  of  a Play,  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Martyr,  filled 

' ■ ' - Gg  3 Noble 


470  An  Account  of  the 

Noble  Stranger,  acted  at  the  private  Houle  in 
Salisbury  Court,  by  her  Ma jellies  Servants ; 
punted  40,  jLond.  1640.  and  dedicated  to  Sir 
Edmund  Williams.  Tis  commended  by  a Copy 
of  Verfes,  writ  by  Rich.  Woolf  ally  of  which 
thefe  are  part : 

Yet  yQ  mt  fear  the  danger 

Of  Critic  f Readers  Jince  thy  Noble  Stranger, 
With  pleafingftraines  has fmooth’d  ragged  Fate 
Ofoft-cramm’d  The  at  res, and prov'd  Fortunate : 
Smile  at  their  frowns,  for  I dare  boldly  fay , 
Who  e re  dtfkkes  it,  cannot  wend  thy  cPlay . 

If  this  Play  be  look’d  upon  with  mild  Eyes,  it 
will  weigh  againft  fome  Plays  writ' m our 
Time.  There  is  lomewhat  In  the  Characters  of 
Tup  Ulus  and  Mercufio,w\\ich  might  take  in  this 
Age : and  I believe  old  Ehcy  had  read  this  Play, 
before  he  writ  the  Character  of  fevefal  Poets 
of  his  P oetical  Squire  Bujfon.  In  the  fourth 
Act,  he  has  given  the  Characters  of  leveral 
Poets  ; particularly  of  Ben.  John] on,  under  the 
Title  of  a Confident  Poetical  Wit ; a|s  may  be 
guelled  from  the  Epilogue , to  Cynthia  s Revels ; 

This from  our  Author , I was  bid  to  fay. 

By  Jove  ’tis  good ; and  if  you  l hk't you  may . 

But  I leave  this  to  the  Judgment  of  the  Cu- 
rious Reader ; and  h alien  to  the  next  Poet. 

Edward  Sharpham. 

A Gentleman  of  the  Middle-Temple,  who 
liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King  fames  the  Firlf 
He  writ  a Play,  called  , 7 1 

flent. 


DrAnutick  Poets . 471 

Flare , a Comedy  often  play’d  in  the  Black- 
fryars,  by  the  Children  of  the  Revels ; and 
printed  40.  Lond.  161  S'-  I take  the  Character 
of  Antifront  the  Duke  of  Florence , to  be  a pat- 
tern taken  from  Hercules  Duke  of  Ferrara  : 
and  Marjlon' s Favcne, to  be  the  Father  of  Sharp- 
ham's  Fleire ; but  this  I leave  to  the  Judgment 
of  others,  to  decide  as  they  pleale. 

S.  Shepheard. 

One  who  lived  in  the  time  of  the  late  Un- 
happy Civil  Wars ; and  whole  Loyalty  feems 
to  have  been  far  better  than  his  Poetry.  He 
writ  in  the  time  of  the  Prohibition  of  the 
Stage,  two  Pamphlets,  which  he  Riles  Come- 
dies; but  indeed  are  no  longer  than  one  fingle 
A<51  of  a Play,  that  I have  feen.  His  Comedies 
are  Riled 

Committee-man  curried ; a Comedy,  in  two 
parts,  reprefented  to  the  View  of  all  Men.  A 
piece  dilcovering  the  Corruption  of  Commit- 
tee-men, and  Excife-men ; the  unjufl  Sufferings 
of  the  Royal-party  ; the  devililh  Hypocrify  of 
fome  Roundheads ; the  Revolt  for  Gain  of  Rune 
Minijlers.  Not  without  pleafant  Mirth  and 
Variety;  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1 647.  This 
Title-page  led  me  to  great  Expectations;  but 
I foon  found  Horace's  Oblervation  true, 

Farturient  Montes , nafeetur  ridiculns  Mus . 

The  Author  indeed  has  fhew’d  his  Reading, 
if  not  his  Fancy : for  there  is  fcarce  a piece 
of  Sir  John  Suckling  that  he  has  not  plundered. 

G g 4 His 


4T2  Account  of  the 

His  Aglaura,  Goblins , Brenoralt , all  have  pay’d 
tribute  to  our  Excife-Poet : neither  his  Verfes,' 
nor  Profe  have  e leaped  him.  This  with  what 
he  has  borrow’d  from  Sir  Robert  Stapleton’s, 
Tranflation  of  Juvenal  Sat.  i.  and  3.  make  up 
the  greateft  part  of  the  two  Comedies.  But 
however  I am  fo  far  oblig’d  by  my  Chanty, 
and  Refpe£l,  and  good  Intention,  of  aliening 
Loyalty,  to  fet  down  his  own  Apology,  in  the 
Prologue  to  the  Second  part. 

The  Author  prays  you,  for  to  think  the  Store 

Of  JVit  is  wafted  by  thofe  went  before  : 

And  that  the  Fatnefs  of  the  Soil  being] pent, 

Tien’s  Brains  grown  barren,  you’d  not  raife  the 
Rent. 

t 

Edward  Sherburn,  Efq; 

A Gentleman  (as  I fuppofe)  1HU  living,  and 
Famous  for  his  Verfions,  particularly  of  Mani- 
lius  his  Sphere,  or  Five  Books  of  Aflronomj , 
in  Fol.Lond.  16 if.  Belides  that  famous  Work, 
he  has  tranflated  two  of  Seneca’s,  Tragedies; 
viz. 

TMedea,  a Tragedy,  with  Annotations; 
Printed  o£lavo  Lond.  1648.  to  which  is  added 
Senecas,  Anfwer  to  Lucilius  his  Query,  JVhy 
Good  Men  fujfer  misfortunes.  On  this  Play,  fee 
Mr.  Stanley’s,  Vindication  of  the  Author,  in  his 
Roems  o£tavo  p.  if. 

Troades.  or  The  Royal  Captives  ; a Tragedy, 
with  Annotations ; printed  4°.  Lond.  1619.  ! 

Thefe  Tragedies  I look  upon  as  the  bed 

Ver- 


Dramatick  Poets.  47  5 

Verfions  we  have  extant,  of  any  of  Senecas ; 
and  (hew  theTranflator,  a Gentleman  of  Learn- 
ing, and  Judgment.  What  he  writ  befides,  I 
know  not;  tho’  there  was  the  16th  IdiUium  of 
Theocritus , printed  in  Tate’s  MiJ'cellanies , and 
afcribed  to  Sir  Edw.  Sherburn:  whether  the 
fame  Perfon,  I know  not. 

Thomas  Shipman,,  Efq; 

A Gentleman  not  many  Years  fince  deceas’d, 
who  ( as  a Friend  of  his  fays  (£),)  was  a Man 
every  way  accomplifh’d : To  the  advantage  of 
his  Birth,  his  Education  had  added  whatfo- 
ever  was  neceflary  to  fit  him  for  Conversation, 
and  render  him  ( as  he  was  ) defirable  by  the 
bell  Wits  of  the  Age.  He  was  the  Author  of 
a Play,  called 

Henry  the  Third ofF ranee, Jlabb’d  by  a Fryar; 
with  the  Fall  of  the  Guifes  ; a T ragedy  in  He- 
xoick  Verfe,  a&ed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  print- 
ed 40,  Fond.  1 6 '78.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right 
Honourable  Henry , Lord  Marquefs  of  T)»r~ 
chejier.  For  the  Plot,  fee  T>avila}  M. Girard  2). 
of  Ef per  non’ s Life,  c Ire. 

Bendes  this  Play,  he  has  a Book  call’d  Caro- 
lina, or  Loyal  Poems , printed  octavo  Lond.  1683. 
which  fufficiently  evince  the  Ingenuity  and 
Parts  of  the  Author. 

Henry  Shirley. 

A Gentleman  who  flourifht  in  the  time  of 
King  Charles  the  Martyr : of  whom  I can  give 
( t)  Mr.  F latmii’i  Epiftle  to  his  Tomu 


no 


474  Account  of  the 

no  further  Account,  than  that  he  way  the  Au- 
thor of  One  Play,  call’d 

tSHartyred  Souldier , a Tragedy  fundry  times 
afted  with  great  Applaufe,  at  the  private 
Houfe  in  TirwyjanepxA  at  other  publick  The- 
atres, by  Her  Majefties  Servants ; printed  49. 
Fond.  1638.  and  dedicated  to  the  Famous  Sir 
Kenelm  IDigby : by  the  Publilher  J.  K.  who 
gave  it  to  the  Prefs,  after  the  Author’s  De- 
ceale;  and  in  his  Epiflle  to  the  Reader,  (peaks 
thus  of  both.  1 For  the  Man,  his  Mujc  was 
1 much  courted,  but  no  common  Miftrefs ; and 
4 tho’  but  feldom  abroad,  yet  ever  much  admi- 
tted at.  This  Work  not  the  nreaneft  of  his 
4 Labours,  has  much  adorned  not  only  One, 
* but  many  Stages, with  fuch  general  Applaufe ; 
4 as  it  has  drawn  even  the  Rigid  Stoicks  of  the 
4Time;  who  tho’  not  for  pleafure,  yet  for  pro- 
4 fit,  have  gathered  fomething  out  of  his  plen- 
tiful Vineyard.  This  Play  is  founded  on  Hi- 
ftory,  during  the  time  of  the  Eighth  Perfec- 
tion; fee  Vi&or  Epifc.  Uticenjls  de  f mdalica 
Terfecutione^lfodorus  Hifpalen/is,  Baronms:fyc. 

James  Shirley. 

A Gentleman,  of  the  fame  Name  and  Age 
with  the  former ; and  was  ( if  not  Toet  Lau~ 
seat, yet)  Servant  to  her  Majefty.  One  of  fuch 
Incomparable  parts,  that  he  was  the  Chief  of 
the  Second-rate  Poets : and  by  fome  has  been 
thought  even  equal  to  Fletcher  himfelf.  He 
had  a great  Veneration  for  his  Predeceffors, 
as  may  be  feen  by  his  Prologue  to  the  Sifters  } 
and  particularly  for  Mr.  Johnfon , whom  in  an 


Dramatick  Poets.  475 

Epiftle  to  the  Earl  of  Rutland , he  biles,  Our 
, acknowledg'd Mafter,the  Learned Johnfon : and 
in  all  his  Writings  fhews  a Modeby  unufnal, 
feldom  found  in  our  Age  ; and  in  this,  I can- 
not refrain  from  comparing  his  Carriage,  to 
the  Civil  and  Obliging  Gentleman  of  Rome ; 
I mean  Ovid,  who  fpeaking  of  Virgil,  in  the 
firft  of  his  two  Epigrams  ( if  at  lealt  they  arc 
his  which  Heinfms  quebions)  fays  thus : 

Quantum  Virgilius  magno  concejjit  Homero  : 
T ant um  ego  Virgilio  Nafo  Poet  a meo. 

. • Nec  me  preclatum  cupio  tibi  f err e poet  am  : 
Ingenioji  te  fubfequor , hoc  fatis  ejt. 

I need  not  take  pains  to  fliew  his  Intimacy,not 
only  with  the  Poets  of  his  Time ; but  even  the 
Value  and  Admiration  that  Perfons  of  the  firfl 
Rank  had  for  him ; fince  the  Verfes  before  fe- 
veral  of  his  Works,  and  his  Epibles  Dedica- 
tory fufficiently  fhew  it.  He  has  writ  feveral 
' Dramatick  Pieces,  to  the  Humber  of  30.  which 
are  in  print befides  others  which  are  in  Ma- 
nufcript.  Of  thefe  I have  feen  four  fince  my 
Remembrance,  two  of  which  were  a£ted  at  the 
King’s  Houfe ; and  the  other  two  prefented 
at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  in  Little  Liricolns-Inn 
Fields  : viz.  Court  Secret,  Chances,  Grateful  Ser- 
vant, School  of  Compliments : with  what  fuc- 
cefs,  I leave  it  to  the  Players  now  in  being. 
Permit  me  to  bring  you  the  Tejlimonium  of  an 
Old  Writer  on  the  Time-Poets,  in  behalf  of 
our  Author , who  delivers  this  Dibich  in  his 

praife  ( u), 

(u)Cboice  Ehoilery)  p,  6. 

Shirley 


47  6 An  Account  of  the 

Shirley  {the  Morning  Child ) the  Mufes  hredy 

And fent  him  horn  with  Bays  upon  his  Head. 

But  I fhall  ceafe  any  further  Enlargement  on 
his  Commendation,  and  leave  you  to  the  per- 
ufal  of  his  Works,  which  will  fhew  him  in  his 
Native  Excellence,  far  better  than  I am  able 
to  delcribe  him,  or  them : however,  take  the 
following  Account,  for  want  of  a better  ; and 
firft  of  thole  in  Quarto,  which  are  Twenty 
Nine. 

Arcadia , a Paftoral  ailed  by  Her  Ma  jellies 
Servants,  at  the  Thcenix  in  Drury -lane,  printed 
40.  Lond.  1 640.  This  Play  is  founded  on  the 
Incomparable  Romance  written  by  Sir  Thtlip 
Sidney,  and  call’d  The  Arcadia. 

Ball,  a Comedy  prefented  by  Her  Majellies 
Servants,  in  the  private  Houfe  in  Drury-lane, 
printed  40.  Lond.  iygp.  In  this  Play  our  Au- 
thor was  a Hi fled  by  Geo.  Chapman , as  likewife 
another  ( which  in  its  Order  ) I forgot  in  his 
Account  to  take  notice  of. 

Bird  in  a Cage , a Comedy  prefented  at  the 
Thoenix,  in  Drury -lane,  ana  printed  40.  Lond. 
16- — . This  Play  is  an  Excellent  Old  Comedy, 
and  is  dedicated  by  an  Ironical  Epiltle,  to  the 
Famous  Mr.  IVittiam  Prime,  that  Great  Anta- 
gonift  to  Plays.  Amongfl  other  Sentences, 
give  me  leave  to  tranfcribe  One,  which  may 
give  the  Reader  a talle  of  the  whole.  ( Pro- 
‘ceed  {Inimitable  Mecanas,')  and  having  fuch 
‘convenient  Leifure,  and  an  indefatigable  Te- 
tgafus,  I mean  your  Trofe  (which  fcorneth  the 
* Road  of  Common  Sence,  and  defpifeth  any 
iStile 


Dramatick  Poets.  477 

* St  ile  in  his  Way)  travel  flill  in  the  purfuit  of 
*New  Difcoveries;  which  you  may  publifh,  if 

* you  pleafe,  in  your  next  Book  of  DigreJJions. 

( If  you  do  not  happen  prefently  to  convert  the 
f Organs,  you  may  in  time  confute  the  Steeple  ; 

( and  bring  every  Parifh  to  one  Bell. 

Changes,  or  Love  in  a Maze  ; a Comedy  pre- 
fented  at  the  private  Houfe  in  Salisbury  Court, 
by  the  Company  of  His  Majcfty’s  Revels  ; 
printed  4".  Lond.  1 632.  This  Play  is  dedica- 
ted to  the  Honourable  the  Lady  Dorothy  Shir- 
ley, by  a Copy  of  Verfes.  The  paflage  in  the 
firft  Ail , where  Goldfworth  examining  his 
Daughters  Chryfolina  and  Aurelia,  find  them 
both  in  Love  with  Gerard,  is  better  manag’d 
in  the  dMaiden  §lueen : tho’  this  Play  has  been 
received  with  Succefs  (as  I faid)  in  our  Time; 
and  as  I remember,  the  deceas’d  Mr.  Lacy  ailed 
Jonny  Thump,  Sir  Gervafe  Simple' % Man,  with 
general  Applaufe. 

Chabot  {Philip')  Admiral o/France  his  Trage- 
dy ; prefented  by  Her  Majeflies  Servants,  at 
the  private  Houfe  in  Drury -lane ; printed  4°. 
Lond.  161s ?.  This  is  the  Second  Play  in  which 
Mt.Chapman  joyn’d  with  our  Author.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  the  French  Chronologers,  and  Hiffo- 
rians  in  the  Reign  of  Francis  the  Firfl;  fuch 
as  Vaulus  Jovius , Arnoldus  his  Continuation  of 
Taulus  (Mdmilius,  Mart.  Longeus , De  ferres, 
Mezeray,  fee. 

Conjlant  Maid \ or  Love  will  find  out  the  way; 
a Comedy  ailed  at  the  New  Play-houfe,  called 
The  Nurfery,  in  Hatt on-Gar den ; printed  40. 
Lond.  166 Har  dwell  Courting  Mrs.  Bellamy 

the 


47»  An  Account  of  the 

the  Widow,  by  the  Advice  of  his  Friend  Thy. 
fair , is  the  Subject  of  feveral  Plays  Old  and 
New ; as  I might  inllance,  were  it  material : 
tho’  I mention  it  here,  becaufe  it  occafions 
moll  of  the  bulinefs  in  the  Play. 

Contention  for  Honour  and  Riches ; printed 
op- Lond.  1635.  I know  not  what  to  call  this, 
whether  Interlude,  or  Entertainment ; but  I 
think  I may  call  it  A Ufeful  Moral ; and  which 
being  enlarged  under  the  Title  of  Honoria  and 
Mammon , I fhall  fpeak  more  of  anon.  ’Tis  de- 
dicated to  Edward  Goldihg t of  Coljion  in  Mot- 
tinghanfhire , Efq; 

Coronation , a Comedy,  which  tho’  printed  in 
the  Folio  Edition  of  Fletcher  s Works,  was 
writ  by  Shirley ; as  the  Reader  may  lee  by  the 
Catalogue  of  his  Six  Plays,  o£tavo  Lond.  16^3. 

Cupid  and  Deaths  a private  Entertainment, 
reprefented  with  Scenes  and  Mulick,  Vocal 
and  Inftrumental;  printed  40.  Lond  i6yr>.  I 
cannot  call  to  Mind  at  prelent,  whence  the 
Poet  took  originally  his  Hiftory,  which  is  the 
Changing  of  Arrows  between  them , which 
produce  difmal  Effe&s  : but  the  Englijh  Reader* 
may  read  the  fame  Story  in  Ogilby’s  cAEfofs 
Fables,  Vol.  1.  Fab.  3.9. 

Dukes  Miftrefs,  a Tragi-comedy  prefented 
by  Her  Majefty’s  Servants , at  the  Private - 
houfe  in  Drury -lane ; and  printed  40.  Lond. 
16:38. 

Example , a Tragi-comedy,  prefented  by  Hyr 

^ « a J - O x a A _ Am  a.  1 M 1 1 r~x  -j 


Majelty’s  Servants,  at  the  Pfivate-houfe  in 


Drury -lane ; and  printed  40.  Lond.  163';. 
Gamefler , a Comedy  prefented  by  Her  Ma- 

jefty’s 


Dramatiek  Poets*  479 

jelly’s  Servants,  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Drury - 
lane. ; and  printed ^.Lond.\6\r].  The  Intrigue 
between  Wilding  and  his  Kinfwoman  , nis 
Wife  and  Hazard,  is  borrow’d  from  Ducento 
Hovelle  del  Signor  Celio  Malejpim  feennda  parte , 
Nov.  p6.  The  fame  Story  in  CL  Margate ik 
Novels  Day  firft , Nov.  8.  tho’  manag’d  to 
greater  Advantage  by  our  Poet;  and  I muft  do 
Mr.  Shirley  this  Juftice,  to  fay  in  his  behalf 
That  whatever  he  borrowes  from  Novels, 
Lofes  nothing  in  his  Hands , any  more  than  in 
in  Mr.Z )ryden{x),  tho’  our  model!;  Author  would 
never  have  laid  lo  much,  were  he  living. 

Gentleman  of  Venice,  a Tragi-comedy,  pre- 
fen ted  at  the  Private-houfe,  in  Salisbury  Court, 
by  Her  Majeliy’s  Servants ; and  printed  quarto 
Lond.  1 6s S-  This  Play  is  dedicated  to  the  Ho- 
nourable Sir  Thomas  Nightinghale, Baronet ; and 
the  Intrigue  between  Florelli , Cornaripad  Clau- 
diana , is  borrowed  (as  I fuppofe)  from  a Novel 
out  of  Gay  ton's  Fejlivous  Notes  on  “Don  Quixote. 
lee  Book  4.  Chap.  6,  7, 8. 

Grateful  Servant , a Comedy  prelented  with 
good  Applaufe,  in  the  Private, noufe  in  Drury 
lane , by  Her  Majeliy’s  Servants.  This  Play  is 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Francis , 
Earl  of  Rutland;  and  printed  4°.  Lond. — 
Lodowik's  Contrivance  to  have  Tiero,  tempt 
his  Wife  Artella , that  he  might  be  Divorced, 
is  the  fame  with  Contarini s Humour  and  Con- 
trivance Giotto , in  the  Humorous  Courtier. 

Hide  Tark,  a Comedy  prefented  by  Her  Ma- 
jeliy’s Servants,  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Drury - 

(x)  Pref.  M )ck  Aftrologcr.  — — — - ^ 

lane; 


4^o  An  Account  of  the 

lane}  and  printed  40.  Lond.,161 7.  This  Play 
is  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry 
Earl  of  Holland.  This  was  the  fu\fl  Earl  of 
that  Name,  created  in  23  Jac.Apr.  3.  and  was 
Beheaded  with  Duke  Hamilton , and  the  Lord 
Capel,  March  the  ninth,  dying  a Martyr  to  re- 
trive  his  former  forfeited  Loyalty  to  his  Prince. 
To  this  Earl,  I prefume,  Hide  Parf once  might 
belong,  fince  the  Title  was  occafion’d  by  his 
Command  to  the  Author. 

Humorous  Courtier , a Comedy  prefented 
Wkh  good  Applaufe,  at  the  Private-houfe  in 
IDrury-lanc ; and  printed  4®.  Lond.  1640. 

Lady  of  Pleafure , a Comedy  ailecl  by  Her 
Majeity’s  Servants,  at  the  Private-houfe  in 
Thury-lane ; and  printed  40. Lond.  163  7.  This 
Play  is  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Ri * , 
chard}  Lord  Lovelace  of  Hurley.  The  Plot  of 
Alex.  Kickjhaw  his  Enjoying  of  Arctina , and 
thinking  her  the  Devil,  refembles  Lodowick , 
la.  Grateful  Servant. 

Love  Tricks , or  The  School  of  Compliments  ; 
ailed  by  His  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  oiTorfs 
Servants,  at  the  Theatre  in  Little  Lincolns-Intt 
Fields ; and  printed  40.  Lotid  16(17. 

Love’s  Cruelty , a Tragedy  prefented  by  Her 
Majefly’s  Servants,  at  the  Private-houle  in 
Drury -lane ; printed  40.  Lond.  1640.  and  dedi- 
cated to  Cornet  George  ‘Porter , and  Mr.  Charles 
Porter.  The  Concealment  of  Hyppolito,  and 
Chariana's  Adultery  from  her  Servant  by  her 
Husband  BeUamente' s Contrivance, is  borrow’d 
from  Queen  Margaret’ % Novels,  Day  4.  Nov.  6e 


Dramatick  Poets.  481: 

The  like  Story  is  related  in  Cynthios  Hecca- 
t omit  hi,  "Dec.  terza , Novella J'eJl  a. 

GMaid's  Revenge,  a Tragedy  a<5ted  with  good 
Applaufe,  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Drury-lane , 
hy  Her  Ma  jelly’s  Servants ; printed  40.  Lond. 

1 639.  and  dedicated  to  Henry  Osborn , Efquire. 
The  Play  is  founded  on  a Hiftory,  in  Mr.  Rey- 
nolds his  God's  Revenge  againjl  Mur t her ; fee 
Book  2.  Hill.  7. 

Opportunity,  a Comedy  prefented  by  her  Ma- 
jelly’s  Servants,  at  the  Private-houfe  in  Drury* 

lane ; printed  Lond. — and  dedicated  to 

Captain  Richard  Owen.  The  Refemblance  of 
Aurelia  to  Borgia , is  founded  on  the  fame, with 
GMeafure  for  meafure , and  other  Englijh  Plays  ; 
all  which,  as  I have  obferv’d,  took  their  Ori- 
ginal from  Plautus. 

Politician , a Tragedy  prefented  at  Salisbury 
Court,  by  Her  Majetly’s  Servants ; and  printed 
40.  Lona.  1 S-  This  Play  is  dedicated  to 
JValter  Moyle , Efquire.  A Story  refembling 
this,  I have  read  in  the  firfl  Book  of  the  Coun- 
tefs  of  ^Montgomery's  Urania , concerning  the 
King  of  Romania , the  Prince  AntiJJius , and  his 
Mother-in-Law. 

Royal  Mafter;  a Tragi-comedy  a£led  in  the 
New  Theatre  in  Dublin  ; and  before  the  Right. 
Honourable  the  Lord  Deputy  of  Ireland,  in  the 
Caflle ; and  printed  4°.  Lond. 161%.  This  Play 
is  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  George , 
Earl  of  Kildare  ; and  is  accompanied  with  Ten 
Copies  of  Verfes,  in  its  Commendation. 

Traytor,  a Tragedy  adted  by  Her  Majelly’s 
Servants ; printed  ap.Lond.iC^s-  and  dedicated 
H h t» 


482  An  Account  of  the 

to  the  Right  Honourable  William , Earl  of 
NevocajUe ; afterwards  Marquefs,  and  Duke. 
This  Play  is  recommended  by  a Copy  of  Verfes, 
writ  by  Mr.  William  Atkins , a Gentleman  of 
the  Worthy  Sociery  of  Grays-Inn. 

Triumph  of  Peace,  a Mafque  prefented  by 
the  Four  Honourable  Houfes,  or  Inns  of  Court , 
before  the  King  and  Queen’s  Majefties,  in  the 
Banquetting-houfe  at  Whitehall,  Feb.  the  third 
1(533.  . The  Scene  and  Ornament  \vas  the  Con- 
trivance of  Mr.  Inigo  Jones  : the  Mufick  was 
Compofed  by  Mr.  William  Laws,  and  Mr.  Simon 
Ives.  The  Mafque  is  dedicated  to  the  Four 
Equal  Honourable  Societies  of  the  Inns  of 
Court ; Mr.  Sim  ley  being  at  that  time  of  Grays - 
Inn.  The  Mafquers  went  in  a Solemn  Caval- 
cade, from  Ely  Houle  to  Whitehall;  and  the  Au- 
thor himfelf  fays,  That  this  Mafque,  for  the 
Variety  of  the  Shews,  and  the  Richnefs  of  the 
Habits,  was  the  mo R Magnificent  that  hath 
been  brought  to  Court  in  his  Time.  ’Tis 
printed  40.  Lond.  1633.  I have  a little  Piece 
by  me,  call’d  The  Inns  of  Court  Anagrammatijl , 
or  The  Mafquers  mafqued  in  Anagrammes ; 
written  by  Mr.  Francis  Lenton , One  of  Her 
Ma jelly’s  Poets;  and  printed^0.  Lond.  1634. 
This  Piece  not  only  names  the  Mafquers,  and 
of  what  Houfe  they  were  ; but  commends  each 
in  an  Epigram. 

Saint  Patrick  for  Ireland,  the  Firjl  part ; 
printed  4.0.  Lond.  i<5q.o.  Tho’  our  Title-page 
calls  it  theFirll  part, I know  not  whether  there 
was  ever  a Second  part  printed ; tho’  the  Pro- 
logue fee  ms  to  promife  one,  in  the  following 
Lines : Saint 


Dramatick  Poets. 


4S3 

Satnt  Patrick,  vohoj'e  large  Story  cannot  be 

Bound  in  the  limits  of  One  Play , if  Ye 

Firjl  welcome  this , you  lg)  ace  our  Poets  At  /, 

And  give  him  courage  for  a Second  Part. 

For  the  Story,  fee  Bede’s  Life  of  St.  Patrick ; 
Sigebert , Baronius , Bal<eusy  Seven  Champions  of 
Chriftendom : His  Life  in  Englifh  in  Twelves, 
Lond.  1 6 — — 

Wedding , a Ti'agi-comedy  adted  by  Her  Ma- 
j city’s  Servants,  at  the  Phoenix  in  Drury-Janc  ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1690.  and  dedicated  to  WiU 
liam  Cover  e)  Elquire.  This  is  an  Excellent 
Comedy,  confidering  the  Time  in  which  ’twas 
writ. 

Witty  Fair  One , a Comedy  prefented  at  the 
Private-houfe  in  Drury -lane ; and  printed  4.0. 
Lond.1611.  This  Play  is  dedicated  to  Sir  Ed- 
mund Bujhel. 

Young  Admiral , a Tragi-comedy  prefented 
by  Her  Majelty’s  Servants,  at  the  Private-houle 
in  Drury-lane , printed  40.  Lond.16 37.  and  de- 
dicated to  the  Right  Honourable  George , Lord 
Barkley , of  Bark  ley -Cajlle. 

Thele  are  all  the  Plays  that  our  Author  has 
in  print  in  Quarto ; we  are  now  to  give  an  Ac- 
count of  Nine  Dramatick  pieces  printed  in 
Odiavo.  We  fliall  begin  with  Six  Plays,  which 
are  printed  together ; viz. 

Brothers , a Comedy  acted  at  the  Private- 
houle  in  Black-fry ars  ; printed  8°.  Lond.  i6yz, 
and  dedicated  to  his  Noble  Friend  Thomas 
Stanley , Efq; 

Cardinal , a Tragedy  acted  at  the  Private- 
Hii  a hcufe 


4S4  An  Account  of  the 

froufe  in  Blackfryars  ; printed  8°.  Lond.  165 1. 
and  dedicated  to  his  Friend  G . B ■ Efq; 

Court  Secret , a Tragi-comedy,  prepared  for 
the  Scene  at  B lack-fry ars,  but  not  acted  till 
after  it  appeared  in  print ; it  being  printed 
8°.  Lend.  165-3.  and  dedicated  to  William,  Earl 
of  Strafford^  Son  and  Heir  to  that  Great  Soul 
of  Honour,  Thomas  Lord  Lieutenant  of  Ire- 
land^ and  the  Troto-martyr  for  Religion  and 
Loyalty,  in  the  Year  1641. 

1 'Doubtful  Heir , a Tragi-comedy,  ailed  at 
the  Private-houfe  in  Blackfryars ; printed  8°. 
Lond.  i<5ya.  and  dedicated  to  the  Worthily  Ho- 
noured Friend,  Sir  Edmund  Bowyer.  The 
Queen’s  Courting  RoJ'ania,  under  the  Difguile 
of  a Page,  and  the  King’s  Surprizing  them,  has 
Refemblance  to  a Story  in  the  Enghjh  Adven- 
tures, 8°. part  3.  between  King  Henry,  Izabella , 
and  Horatio. 

Impojlure , a Tragi-comedy  ailed  at  the  Pri- 
vate-houfe  in  Blackfryars, and  printed  8 °.Lond. 
idya.  ’Tis  dedicated  to  Sir  Robert  Bolles , Ba- 
ronet. 

Sijlers , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Private-houfe 
in  Blackfryars , and  printed  80.  Lond.  165-2, 
’Tis  dedicated  to  William  Taulet , Efq; 

Having  given  an  Account  of  thefe  Six  Plays, 
I am  now  to  fpeak  of  Two  others,  which  are 
printed  together  in  8°.  Lond.16 viz. 

Honoria  and  Mammon , a Comedy,  which  is 
built  upon  that  Entertainment  before  men- 
tioned, called  Contention  for  Honour  and  Riches. 
I fliall  refer  ray  Reader  to  the  Author’s  Epiflle, 
for  further  Satisfailioft  of  the  Reafon  of  his 
Undertakings.  Con- 


Dramatick  Poets,  ' 48  5 

Contention  of  Ajax  and  Ulyffes,  for  the  Ar- 
mour of  Achilles.  This  Interlude  was  nobly 
reprefented  (fays  the  Author)  by  Young  Gen- 
tlemen of  Quality,  at  a private  Entertainment 
of  Ibrne  Per  ions  of  Honour.  The  Delign  is 
taken  from  Ovid's  Metamorphqfis , Book  the  1 g. 
See  the  beginning. 

There  refts  only  his  Poems  to  be  fpoken  of, 
printed  o£lavo  Lond.  1 <4.6.  to  which  is  added 
aMafque,  call’d 

Triumph  of  Beauty , perfonated  by  fome 
Young  Gentlemen,  lor  whom  it  was  intended, 
at  a private  Recreation.  The  Subject  of  this 
Mafque,  is  that  known  Story  of  the  Judgment 
of  Paris , upon  the  Golden-Ball ; which  you 
may  read  in  Lucians  Dialogues : But  our  Au- 
thor has  imitated  Shakefpear , in  the  Comical 
part  of  his  cj "Midfummer  Nights  Dream  ; and 
Shirley  s Shepheard  Bottle , is  but  a Copy  of 
Shakefpear  s Bottom , the  IV “aver. 

I lhall  conclude  this  Account,  with  Four 
Lines  writ  in  our  Author’s  Commendation, 
by  One  Mr.  Hall;  who  in  the  Title  of  his  Pa- 
negyriek  Riles  him.  The  Surviving  Honour  and 
Ornament  of  the  Englfh  Scene:  and  m the 
End,  concludes  thus : 

Tet  this  I dare  affert , when  Men  have  nam'd 

Johnion  [the  Nations  Laureate  the  fam'd 

Beaumont,  Fletcher,  he,  that  cannot fee 

Shirley,  the  fourth,  mujl  forfeit  his  befi  Eye . 

Sir  Charles  Sidley. 

A Gentleman  whofe  Name  fpeaks  a greater 

Hh  2 Pane - 


4 86  An  Account  of  the 

Panegyrick , than  I am  able  to  exprefs  ; and 
whole  Wit  is  lo  well  known  to  this  Age, that  I 
fhould  but  tarnilh  its  Lullre,  by  my  Endeavour- 
ing to  deliver  it  over  to  the  next : His  Wit  is 
too  Noble  a Subjedl  to  need  any  Herald  to  pro- 
claim its  Titles  and  Pedigree  ; or  if  it  did,  my 
Voice  and  Skill  are  too  weak,  to  found  out  his 
Prailes  in  their  due  meafures.  I fhall  therefore 
only  content  my  fe.11^  as  the  Vallys,  that  have 
no  Voice  of  their  own,  to  eccho  out  his  Me- 
rits at  the  Second-hand ; and  give  you  part  of 
his  Ch  a racier,  from  a Perfon  whole  Honour 
and  Pride  it  is,  to  have  a conliderable  {hare  in 
his  Friendfliip:  I mean  Mr.  Shadwell , who 
in  his  Epiftle  Dedicatory  to  The  True  Wi- 
dow, lays,  ‘That  he  has  heard  him  fpeak 
‘more  Wit  at  a Supper,  than  all  his  Adver- 
sities, with  their  Pleads  joyn’d  together, 
‘could  write  in  a Year.  That  his  Writings 
‘ are  not  unequal  to  any  Man’s  of  this  Age,  (not 
1 to  fpeak  of  Abundance  of  Excellent  Copies  of 
‘ Verfes).  That  he  has  in  the  Mulberry  Garden , 
‘ fhown  the  true  Wit,  Humour,  and  Satyr  of  a 
‘ Comedy  ; and  in  Anthony  and  Cleopatra , the 
‘ true  Spirit  of  a Tragedy.  But  leafl  this  might 
be  thought  Partiality  or  Flattery  in  our  Lau- 
reat.give  me  leave  to  tranicribe  another  part  of 
his  Character,  from  an  Unqueflionable  Judge  of 
! Poetry , the  great  Ornament  of  the  Mufes , the 
Lord  Rochejler , in  his  Imitation  of  Horace's 
Tenth  Satyr  of  the  Firfl  Book. 

Sidley,  has  that pr evading  gentle  Art , 

That  can  with  a rejifllefi  Charm  impart , h- 

• The  loofejl  JVijhes , to  the  chajieji  Hearty  \ 

Maife 


Dramatic  It  Poets.  487 

Raije  fuch  a Conflift , handle fuch  a Fire , 

Betwixt  declineing  Virtue , and  Dejire  ; 

■ Till  the  poor  vanquifht  Maid  diJJ'olves  a way , 

In  Dreams  all Night yn  jighsyand  tears  all  Day. 

The  Plays  this  Great  Wit  has  oblig’d  the 
World  with,  are  but  three  ; all  which  appear 
to  be  writ  with  Defign  ( at  leafl  they  may 
ferve  to  be)  Patterns  for  fucceeding  Poets  Imi- 
tation; which  I fhall  only  mention  in  their  Al- 
phabetical Order,  viz. 

Anthony  and  Cleopatra , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre  ; and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1677. 
For  the  Hiflory,  lee  Plutarch’s  Life  of  Anthony , 
Appian , Dion  CaJJius , Diodorus , Florus , <£?c. 

Bellamira , or  The  Mijlrefs  ; a Comedy  a died 
by  their  Majeflies  Servants,  and  printed  Lond. \ 
1(587.  This  Play  is  an  Imitation(as  the  Author 
informs  us ) of  Terence’s  Eunuchus. 

TMulherry  Garden , a Comedy  ailed  by  his 
Majelly’s  Servants,at  the  Theatre  Royal;  print- 
ed 40.  Lond.  1668.  and  dedicated  to  Her  Grace, 
the  Dutchefs  of  Richmond  and  Lenox:  which 
Epillle  is  not  the  leafl  Ornament  to  the  Play, 
and  fhews  the  Neatnefs  of  his  Stile  in  Profe. 

I dare  not  fay,  that  the  Charailer  of  Tit  John 
Everyoung , and  Sir  Samuel  Fore-cajl , are  Conies 
of  Sganarelle  and  Arijle , in  Molliere’ s LEfcole 
desMans ; but  I may  fay,  that  there  is  forae 
Refemblance  : tho’  whoever  underflands  both 
Languages,  will  readily,  and  with  Juflice  give 
our  Englijli  Wit  the  preference  : and  Sir_ 
Charles  is  not  to  learn  to  Copy  Nature  from 
the  French. 

Hh  4 


Give 


488  An  Account  of  ihe 

Give  me  Leave  to  conclude,  with  what  the 
Learned  Mr.  Evelyn  has  laid,  with  no  lefs 
Truth  than  Ingenuity,  (in  his  Imitation  of 
Ovid’s  Fifteenth  Elegy)  of  this  Excellent  Poet, 
and  his  Friend  Sir  George  Etheridge : 

While  Fathers  are  fever  e,  and  Servants  cheat. 

Till  Bawds  andlV bores  can  live  without  deceit, 

Sidley  and  eajf  Etheridge  pall  be  Great. 

John  Smith. 

A Gentleman  ( as  I luppofe  ) now  living  at 
Snenton  in  Torkjhire,  the  Author  of  a Comedy, 
call’d  Cytherea, or  The  Enamouring  Girdle;  print- 
ed 40.  Lond.  1 677.  This  Play  was  refuled  to 
be  adled  by  the  Players  of  the  Duke’s  Theatre, 
as  you  may  fee  by  the  Epiltle  Dedicatory  to 
the  Northern  Gentry.  I leave  the  Play  to  the 
Judgment  of  thofe  that  have  read  it. 

William  Smith. 

An  Author  that  lived  in  the  Reign  of 
King  James  the  Firft,  who  publilh’d  a Play, 
call’d 

Heritor  of  Germany , or  The  Pallgrave  Trims 
EleSior ; an  Honourable  Hiftory,  publickly 
a£led  at  the  Red-bull , and  at  the  Curtain , 
by  a Company  of  Young  Men  of  this  City; 
printed  40.  Lond.  16  iy.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Worlhipful  Sir  John  Swinnerton , Lord 
Mayor  of  London , in  the  Year  1611.  This 
Play  is  not  divided  into  A£ls : I am  not  certain 
where  this  Story  is  to  be  found  : tho’  poffibly 
' AU 


Dramatick  Poets.  489 

Albertus  Argent inenfis , or  Henry  Monk  of  Reb- 
dorf  may  make  fome  Mention  of  this  Palatin. 

Our  Author  writ  another  Play,  called  The 
Freeman's  Honour , to  dignify  the  IV nthy  Com- 
pany of  Taylors ; but  whether  ever  it  was  print- 
ed or  no,  I know’  not. 

This  Author  joyned  with  One  TV.  IVebbe , 
in  writing  a Book,  called  The  Defcription  of 
the  County  Palatine  of  Chefter , Lond.  1 6$6. 
Hieronymo  is  alcribed  by  Mr.  Philips  and  JVin- 
ftanley , thro!  their  old  Mi  flake,  to  our  Author ; 
it  being  an  Anonymous  Play. 

Thomas  Southern. 

An  Author  of  whom  I can  give  no  further 
Account,  than  that  he  has  two  Plays  in  print ; 
viz. 

D if  appoint  men  f or  The  Mother  in  Fajhion; 
a£ted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  40.  Lond. 
1684.  a°d  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable 
James , Earl  of  OJfory,  the  prefent  Duke  of 
Ormond.  This  has  fomewhat  of  the  Story  of 
The  Curious  Impertinent , in  Don  Quixot. 

Loyal  Brother , or  The  Perfian  Prince  ; a Tra- 
gedy acted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  their  Ma- 
jefties  Servants ; printed  4f.Lond.  168 2.  and  de- 
dicated to  his  Grace,  the  Duke  of  Richmond. 
The  Play  is  founded  on  a Novel,  called  Tach- 
tnas  Prince  o/Terfia,  octavo. 

Thomas  Stanley , Efq; 

A Gentleman  who  flourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Firfl,  at  Cumberloe -Green , in 

Hert- 


49°  An  Account  of  the 

Hertfordjhire.  One,  wlio  is  fufficiently  known 
to  all  Learned  Men,  not  only  for  his  Skill  in 
Languages, as  appears  by  his  feveral  Verfions  ; 
but  by  his  Great  Learning,  Exquifite  Fancy, 
and  Admirable  Judgment.  For  the  One,  to  wit , 
his  Fancy,  he  is  here  mention’d  in  Quality  of 
a Poet ; and  the  rather  becaufe  we  owe  to  him 
the  Verfion  of  an  Excellent  Piece  of  Antiquity, 
which  he  calls 

Clouds , a Comedy,  which  he  tranflated  from 
Arijlophanes  his  negbaai.  This  Play,  as  <l/£- 
lian  obferves,in  his  Various  HiJlory,  was  writ  at 
the  Inftigation  of  Anytasy  purpofely  to  abufe 
Socrates ; and  is  fubjoyn’cT  by  our  Author  to 
the  Life  of  that  Excellent  Philofopher,  (not  as 
a Comical  Divertifement  for  the  Reader,  who 
can  expe£!  little  m that  Kind,  from  a Subje& 
fo  ancient  and  particular;  but)  as  a Neceflary 
Supplement  to  the  Life  of  Socrates.  This  Play 
is  printed  with  Mr.  Stanley’s  Hiftory  of  Philo- 
fophy,  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1687.  Second  Edit, 
a Work  which  will  always  be  valued  by  all 
Learned  Men  : In  which  the  Reader  will  find 
alfo  tranflated  dDramma  of  Aufonins , infenbed' 
Ludus  Septem  Sapientum. 

His  Tranflation  of  o ffchylus  his  Tragedies 
into  Latin , with  his  Excellent  Comment, print- 
ed Fol.  Lond.  1664.  deferves  the  liighefl  Com- 
mendation : and  for  his  Poems  in  EngliJJo ; not 
only  thofe  which  are  properly  his  own,  fuffici- 
ently ffiew  his  Genius  for  Toetry : But  even  his 
various  Tranflations  from  the  Greely  of  Ana- 
oeon,Mofcbus , from  the  Latin  of  Aufomus , Ca- 
tnlluSyB ionfecundusy  BarclaiaSy  to  which  I may 


Dram&tick  Poets.  491 

add  Pious  Mirandnla  his  Difcourfe  of  Platonick. L 
Love  ; from  the  Spanijh  of  Lope  de  Vega,  Gon- 
gora , and Montalvan ; the  Italian  of  Guarini,  Ma- 
rino, TaJJo , Petrarch , Caffone , Preti , Bofcan,  <jyc. 
the  French  of  St.Amant , Triftan,  RonJ'ard,  Theo- 
phile,  and  De  Voiture  ; fhew  how  much  he  was 
vers’d  in  thofe  Languages.  His  Poems  receiv’d 
feveral  Editions ; that  which  I take  to  be  the 
bell  was  printed  8°.  Lond.  ibj-i. 

Befides  thefe  Poems,  he  ha$  in  print  two 
little  Romances,  or  Novels,  tranflated  from  the 
Spanijh  of  Don  Juan  Perez  de  Montalvan , call’d 
Aurora,  IJmenia , and  The  Prince  ; which  with 
the  Poem  ot  Oronta,  tranflated  from  the  Italian 
of  Signor  Girolamo  Prett,  are  printed  oitavo 
Lond.  1 65 

Sir  Robert  Stapleton. 

A Gentleman,  who  I prefume  is  flill  living. 
He  was  well  known  at  Court,  by  the  Honour- 
able Station  he  was  in,  being  One  of  the  Gen- 
tlemen-Ufliers  of  his  Majefty  King  Charles  the 
Second’s  moft,  Honourable  Privy-Chamber: 
But  his  Writings  have  made  him  not  only 
Knocvn,  but  Admired  throughout  all  England  ; 
and  whilft  Muf.au  and  Juvenal  are  in  Efteem 
with  the  Learned,  Sir  Robert's  Fame  will  flill 
furvive  : theTranflation  of  thofe  two  Famous 
Authors, having  plac’d  his  Name  in  the  Temple 
of  Immortality.  As  to  Mufeus , he  had  fo 
great  a Value  for  him,  that  after  he  had  tranf- 
lated him,  he  built  the  Story  into  a Dramatick 
Poem,  call’d 
Hero 


* 


49  2 An  Account  of  the 


Hero  and  Leander  their  Tragedy  ; printed  4®, 
Lond.  1 669.  and  dedicated  to  the  Dutchefs  of 
dMonmouth.  Whether  this  Play  were  ever 
ailed  or  no,  I know  not,  or  where ; tho’  the 
Prologue  and  Epilogue,  feem  to  imply  that  it 
had  appeared  on  the  Stage. 

Slighted  Maid \ a Comedy,  written  likewife 
by  our  Author,  and  ailed  with  great  Applaufe, 
at  the  Theatre  in  Little  Lincolns- Inn  Fields, 
by  his  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  TorKj,  Servants ; 
printed  8°.  Lond.  1663.  and  dedicated  to  the 
late  Duke  of  Monmouth.  The  Epitaph  made 
by  Decio  upon  Iberio  and  Tyramena , is  borrow- 
de  from  Arria  and  Fetus ; fee  Martial  Epigr. 
L.  1.  Ep.  L.  4. 

Stapletons  Juvenal,  the  heft  Edition  with  Cuts, 
is  printed  Fol.  Lond.  1663.  and  his  LMuJaius, 
or  Hero  and  Leander  in  Verfe,  is  printed  80. 
Lond.i6q.~].  to  which  is  added  Leander  s Letter 
to  Hero , and  her  Anfwer  tranflated  from  Ovid’s 
Epiftles.  Befides  thefe,  he  Englifhed  Strada 
de  Bello  Belgico , printed  Lond.  i<5yo.  Of  thefe 
Pieces,  Jo.  Leigh  Efq;  in  his  Verfes  on  Carth- 
•wright,  fays  thus ; 

Brave  Stapleton  tranjlates  Old  Wit  and  Heve\ 

Mu  feus,  Juvenal,  and  Strada  too. 

I know  nothing  elfe  that  our  Author  has 
extant,  but  a Tranflation  from  the  French  of 
Mr.  Le  Mar  met,  Ld  of  Baler  oi fan  t ; call’d  En- 
tertainments of  the  Courfe , or  Academical  Con- 
verfations , printed  8°.  Lond..  i6y8.  and  Mr.  L)e 
Bergerac  s Hiftory  of  the  World  in  the  Moon, 
in  twelves  Lond.  — . — 


49? 


Dramatick  Poets. 

John  Stephens. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
James  the  Firfl,  who  has  published  a Play, 
called  y 

Cynthia s Revenge , a Tragedy,  printed  40. 
Lond.  16x3.  This  is  One  of  the  longelt' Plays 
that  I ever  read,  and  withall  the  molt  tedious. 
The  Author  feems  to  have  a great  Value  for 
Lucan:  for  he  not  only  makes  King  Menander 
repeat  part  in  the  Original,  but  in  the  Fourth 
A6t  he  makes  him  fpeak  a Speech  containing 
the  beginning  of  the  Firfl  Book  of  Lucan , to 
the  24th  Verle ; but  how  far  Ihort  he  falls  of 
Mr.  May,  I leave  to  the  Readers  Judgment.  In 
the  Fifth  A£t,  the  Poet  introduces  an  Inter- 
lude of  the  Contention  of  Ajax  and  Ulyjfes , for 
the  Armour  of  Achilles,  which  I take  to  be  but 
Indifferent. 

He  has  writ  befides  a Piece,  called  Satyrical 
Fjfays,  in  o£tavo  Lond.  161 

This  Play  was  in  former  Catalogues  afcrib’d 
to  John  Swallow ; but  I believe  this  to  be  the 
Genuine  Author. 

William  Strode. 

A Gentleman  that  flourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Martyr,  of  a Good  Family  in 
IDevonJhire  ; being' Countryman  and  Collegiate 
with  the  Witty  Dr.  Main.  He  was  enter’d  in 
Chrijl-C hurch  Colledge  in  Oxford,  at  Nineteen 
Years  of  Age  ; and  foon  after  was  eledfed  Stu- 
dent. He  took  his  feveral  Degrees,  and  was 

, cholen 


494  -4n  -Account  of  the 

cholen  for  his  Excellent  Parts,  Oratour  of  the 
Univerlity.  Tho’  he  was  in  Orders,  he  was 
fent  for  by  the  Dean  and  Chapter , to  write  a 
Play,  for  the  Diverlion  and  Entertainment  of 
their  Majelties,  which  was  call’d 

Floating  IJland \ a Tragi-cotnedy  ailed  before 
his  Majelty  at  Oxf.  Aug.  1639.  by  the  Students 
of  Chrtjl-Chnrch.  The  Airs  and  Songs,  were 
fet  by  Mr.  Henry  Laves , Servant  to  his  Majelly, 
in  publick  and  private  Mulick.  This  Play  was 
not  printed  till  Eleven  Years  after  the  Au- 
thor’s Death,  and  above  Eighteen  Years  after 
’twas  ailed ; being  printed  Lond.i6$$.  and  de- 
dicated even  in  Manufcript,  and  in  the  Au- 
thor’s Life-time,  to  his  molt  Honoured  Patron 
Sir  John  He  lie,  by  a Copy  of  Verfes.  This 
Play  was  too  full  of  Morality,  to  pleale  the 
Court ; tho’  at  the  lame  time  ’twas  commended 
by  the  King ; as  was  apparent  by  his  bellowing 
a Cannon  % Dignity  upon  him,  not  long  after ; 
at  which  time  he  took  the  Degree  ol  Doilor  of 
Divinity. 

’Twas  then  that  he  employ’d  his  Pen  in  more 
Serious  Studies  ; and  thofe  Three  Sermons  of 
his  which  are  extant, Ihew  him  a Solid  Divine, 
as  well  as  an  Excellent  Oratour. 

He  died  the  Eleventh  of  March  1644.  and 
was- Buried  at  Chrift-Church. 

John  Studley. 

An  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  Queen 
Elizabeth , and  who  contributed  with  the  other 
Four  Tranllators  already  mention’d,  {viz.  Hey- 

<wood3 


Dr  am  at  kk  Poets.  49$ 

W,  jSiace,  Ne vo ton,  and  Neviie)  to  perfe&  the 
Verfion  of  Senecas  Tragedies.  Our  Authc~ 
had  the  largeft  Share  in  the  Work,  he  having 
rend  red  Four  into  Englijh  ; viz. 

Agamemnon , a Tragedy, of  which  fays  Hein- 
fius , Eft  frugis  bona  hac  Tragcedia.  I fhall  not 
pretend  to  determine  of  the  ceconomy  of  this 
Tragedy,  but  leave  it  to  the  Criticks*,  nor 
take  upon  me  to  difcover  how  much,  or  how 
little  Seneca  has  borrowed  from  Ion  and  <AEf- 
chylus  ; but  refer  the  Reader  to  Delrio , and 
others.  ’Tis  fufficient  for  me  to  obferve,That 
the  Tranflator  has  taken  upon  him  to  add  a 
whole  Scene  at  the  End  of  the  Fifth  A£t : tho’ 
upon  what  Reafon  I know  not,  except  it  be  to 
give  an  Account  of  the  Death  of  Caffandra, 
the  Imprifonment  of  FJettra , and  the  Flight 
of  Oreftes  ; all  which  was  made  known  before. 
However, for  this  purpofe  theTranflator  makes 
choice  of  Euribates , who  in  the  beginning  of 
the  Third  Acl,  brings  notice  to  Clitemneftra , of 
Agamemnon’s  Return ; poflibly  to  comply  with 
the  Poet,  who  throughout  makes  no  ufe  of  a 
Nuntias  in  this  Play  ; tho’  the  Death  of  Aga- 
memnon be  to  be  difcovered  by  a Narration, but 
leaves  it  to  Cajfandra  and  Ele£iray  in  the  Fifth 
Aft. 

Efippolytus,  a Tragedy,  that  is  extreamly  re- 
gular in  the  Three  Unities,  ot  Place y Time  and 
Aliion:  and  Heinfius , that  great  Critick,  has 
not  fluck  to  give  it  the  Title  of  Divine : How 
near  our  Tranflator  has  approacht  the  Senfe 
of  the  Author,  I fhall  leave  to  others  Deter- 
mination. 


Her- 


49  6 An  Account  of  the 

Hercules  Oet<eusy  a Tragedy,  which  by  fonie 
is  thought  to  be  an  Imitation  of  Sophocles  his 
TRAXINIAI. 

c SMedea , a Tragedy,  in  which  Seneca  has 
imitated  Euripides;  and  in  the  Opinion  of 
fome,  even  excelled  his  Copy.  This  Play  is 
filled  by  One,  Alta  Medea  Seneca? , and  is  like- 
wife  regular;  as  indeed  are  all  Seneca's  Trage- 
dies, except  his  Thebais.  Our  Englijb  Transla- 
tor, (I  know  not  for  what  Reafon)  has  alter’d 
the  Chorus  of  the  Firfl  Adi:  whether  it  was 
that  he  thought  theDefcription  of  an  Epithala- 
miumy  which  the  Corinthian  Women  fing,  be- 
fore the  delign’d  Wedding  of  Jafon  and  Creufa , 
were  too  light  a Snbjedt  for  a Tragedy,  or 
what  other  Motive  he  had  to  fubflitute  his 
own  Thoughts  inllead  of  Seneca’ s,  I know  not ; 
but  mull  leave  him  and  his  Works  to  the  Judg- 
ment and  Cenfure  of  the  Criticks. 

Sir  John  Suckling. 

A Gentleman,  whofe  Admirable  Parts  made 
him  fufficiently  Famous,  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Charles  the  Firfl,  to  whom  he  was  Comptroller. 
He  was  born  at  lVithamy  in  the  County  of  Mid- 
dle/ex  in  the  Year  1631.  and  which  was  Extra- 
ordinary, (according  to  his  Mother’s  Reckon- 
ing) in  ihe  beginning  of  the  Eleventh  Month. 
Nor  was  his  Life  lefs  Remarkable,  than  his 
Birth : for  he  had  fo  pregnant  a Genius  that 
he  fpoke  Latin  at  Five  Years  Old,  and  writ  it 
at  Nine  Years  of  Age.  His  Skill  in  Languages, 
and  Mufick)  was  Remarkable ; but  above  all 


Dramatick  Poets.  497 

his  P^/ry, took  with  all  the  People, whole  Souls 
were  polilhed  by  the  Charms  of  the  Muj'es : 
And  tho’  IV ar  did  not  lb" well  agree  with  his 
Gonllitution;  yet  in  his  Travels  he  made  a' 
Campaign  under  the  Famous  Guftavus , where 
he  was  prelent  at  three  Battles,  five  Sieges, 
and  as  many  Sldrmilhes : and  if  his  Valour 
was  not  lb  Remarkable,  in  the  North  in  the  be- 
ginning of  the  Wars;  yet  his  Loyalty  was 
confpicuous,  by  his  Expence  in  the  Troop  of 
Horte,  which  he  rais’d,  whole  Equipage,  viz'. 
Horfes,  Arms  and  Clothes,  were  provided  all 
at  his  own  Charge,  and  Rood  him  in  12000/. 
But  thefe  paffages  being  at  prefent  forreign  to 
mySubjeft,  I Ihall  return  to  his  Poetry;  and 
begin  with  his  Dramatick  Pieces,  which  are 
Four  in  Number,  viz. 

yiglaura,  prefented  at  the"  Private-houle  in 
Black-fry ars.  This  Play  wak  firlf  printed  in 
Fol.  upon  which  an  Anonymous  Satyrifi:  (/.  e. 
Mr.  Rich.  Brome , fee  at  the  Entrance  of  Covent 
Garden  weeded')  made  a Copy  of  Verfes,  which 
being  too  large  to  be  tranfcrib’d,  I lhall  refer 
my  Reader  to  a Small  Book  of  Poems, call’d  Mil - 
jkrum  CD elicit,  or  The  Mufes  Recreation , where 
he  may  find  them  in  the  7 1 A page.  Only  by 
this  we  may  obferve  the  truth  of  that  laying 
of  Ovid  (y) : : 

Tafcitur  invivis  livor:  poftfataquiefcit. 

Cum  fuus  ex  merito  quemque  tuetur  HonoSi  ‘ i 

This  Play  is  much  priz’d  at  this  Day,  and 
has  this  Remarkable,  That  the  lalfc  Aft  is  fo  al- 
ly) Aniorum,  Lio.  1.  ti.  »>  •> 

li 


tered, 


498  An  Account  of  the 

tered,  that  ’tis  at  the  pleafure  of  the  A6lors,  to 
make  it  a Tragedy,  or  Tragi-comedy : which 
was  fo  well  approv’d  of  by  that  Excellent  Poet 
Sir  Robert  Howard ’ that  he  has  followed  this 
prefident,  in  his  Fcjial  Virgin. 

Brenoralt , or  The  Difcontented  Colonel ; a 
Tragedy  prefented  at  the  Private-houfe  in 
Blackfryars , by  His  Majefty’s  Servants. 

Gob  lings,  a Tragi-comedy  prefented  at  the 
Private-houfe  in  Blackfryars , by  His  Majefty’s 
Servants. 

Sad  One,  a Tragedy.  This  Piece  was  never 
ftnifh’d.  'Tis  not  to  be  expe&ed  thatlfhould 
give  any  Account  of  the  Plots, or  Thefts  in  this 
Author’s  Works ; forhis  Mufe  was  Young,  and 
Vigorous  enough,  had  Ihe  not  fo  foon  been  cut 
off  by  Death,  to  have  brought  forth  many  more 
Children,  withput  any  Alliftance,  but  that  of 
the  proper  Parent : All  that  I have  further  to 
fay  is,  That  thefe  Plays,  with  the  reft  of  his 
Works,  are  printed  tinder  the  Title  of  Frag- 
ment a Aurea  ; or  A Colic  Elion  of  aU  the  Incom- 
parable Pieces , written  by  Sir  John  Suckling,  8°. 
There  are  feveral  Editions  of  his  Works  : and 
the  laft  (as  I think)  was  printed  %°.Lond.i6-]6. 
to  which  are  added  feveral  Poems,  and  other 
Pieces,  which  were  by  his  Sifters  Permillion 
allowed  to  be  publiflied.  I fhali  not  pretend 
to  give  a Character  of  his  Works,  but  fub- 
fcribeto  One  already  printed  (*);  viz.  That  his 
Poems  are  Clean,  Sprightly,  and  Natural  ; his 
Difeoutr.fes  Full  and  Convincing;  his  Plays  well 
humor'd  and  Taking;  his  Letters  Fragrant, 
L:oyd\  Memoires,  p.  15 


and 


Dramatick  Poets.  499 

and  Sparking : only  his  Thoughts  were  not  lo 
Joofe  as  his  Exprenion , witnefs  his  Excellent 
Difcourfe  to  My  Lord  Dorfety  about  Religion. 

This  Ingenious  Gentleman  died  of  a Reaver, 
A.  D.  164 — being  about  ap.  Years  of  Age  ; 
What  Excellent  Advice  he  left  to  his  Friends 
about  him, may  be  read  in  Mr. Lloyd’s  Memoirs ; 
nor  can  . I forbear  tranfcribing  what  tjiat  Au- 
thor writ  upon  that  Subject. 

Ne  h<£  ze /antis  animal  facr lores 
Scintillula  ipfum  unde  decider  ant  J’pir  antes 
Caelum , Author  magnus  ipfa  quam 

Aliis  dedit  careret  memoria  ; Inter eJJ'e 
Tofleris  putavimus  brevem  Honor attjji?ni 
Firi  Johannis  Sucklingii  vitam  Hifloria 
eJJ'e  perennandam. 

Vtpote  qui  NobiliJJima  Sucklingiorum  f amiiiu 
Oriundusy  cui  tantum  reddidit , quantum  ac- 
cept t honor em  ; Nat.  Cal.  kps.  1613.  Witha- 
mise  in  Agro  UMiddlef.  Renatus  ibid.  Maii  7°. 

and  Denatus  164 baud jam  TrigeJJimus , dy 

Scriptu  dignijjima  fecit  dy  fa&u  dignijfvna 
fcripfit.  Calamo  pariter  dy  Gladio  Celebris y 
pads  artium  gnarus  fo?  belli. 

Gilbert  Swinhoe^  Efq; 

A Gentleman,  who  jiv’d  in  the  Reigns  of 
King  Charles  the  Firlt  and  Second ; a North- 
country  Man  by  Birth,  (being  Born  in  North- 
umberland) the  Author  of  a Play,  call’d 

Unhappy  fair  Irene  her  Tragedy ; printed  40 
Land.  i<5y8.  This  Play  is  accompany ’d  with 
three  Copies  of  Verfes  in  its  Commendation ; 

I i % thor 


500  An  Account  of  the 

tho’T  think  it  fcarce  deferve  them.  The  Play 
is  founded  on  Hiflory : fee  Knoll 'es  his  Turk/Jh 
Hiftdry,  in  the  Life  of  iSMahomet  the  Firifc ; 
which  Story  is  the  Subjedt  of  a Novel  in  Ban- 
dello,  which  is  tranflated  into  French  by  Tier  re 
Boifteau ; fee  Hiftoir  es  Tragic  ques,  tome  premier 
Nov.  z.  The  fame  is  tranflated  into  Englijh,  by 
IVil,  Taint er  in  his  Talace  ofTleaJure , in  quarto, 
Nov.  40. 

T. 

Nathaniel  Tate. 

... ;.\  \ • . > , r,  j .r  ■'  ‘ 

AN  Author  now  living  ; who  tho’  he  be 
allow'd  to  be  a Man  of  Wit  and  Parts,  yet 
for  Dramatick  Toetry , he  is  not  above  the  com- 
mon Rank  : What  he  has  extant,  for  the  moffc 
part  is  borrow’d ; at  lealt  we  may  fay,  That  ge- 
nerally he  follows  other  Mens  Models,  and 
builds  upon  their  Foundations : for  of  Eight 
Plays  that  are  printed  under  his  Name,  Six  of 
them  owe  their  Original  to  other  Pens ; as  we 
fhall  fliew  in  the  following  Account. 

Brutus  of  Alb  a,  or  The  enchanted  Lovers ; a 
Tragedy  a died  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed 
40.  Lond.  i6qS.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho* 
nourable  Charles , Earl  of  ‘DorJ'ei  and  dMiddle- 
fex.  This  Play  is  founded  on  Firgil' s syFneids, 
Book  the  4th  ; and  was finifhed under  the  Names 
of  Dido  and  ALneas,  but  by  the  Advice  of  Jome 
Friends , was  tr an  formed  to  the  ‘D  refs  it  now 
woars. 


Dramatkk  Poets.  501 

Cuckold's  Haven , or  An  Alderman  no  Conju- 
rer ; a Farce  ailed  at  the  Queen’s  Theatre,  in 
Dorfet  Garden ; printed  4y.Lond:\68y.'  and  de- 
dicated to  Colonel  Edmund  Afoton.  This  Play 
is  borrow’d  from  Johnfons  Eajlward-hoe,  and 
'Devil  is  an  Af. 

Duke  and  no  Duke,  a Farce  acted  by  their 
Majefties  Servants ; with  the  feveral  Songs  fet 
to  Mufick,  with  Thorough-Bafles  for  the  The- 
orbo, or  Bafs-Viol ; printed  4 .Lond.i68y.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  Sir  George 
Hewyt.  This  Play  is  founded  on  Sir  Ajton 
Cockain’s  Trappolin  fuppos'd  a Prince. 

Ingratitude  of  a Common-wealth , or  The  FaU 
of  Caius  Martius  Coriolanus;  ailed  at  the  Thea- 
tre-Royal, printed  qp.Lond.  1 (58a.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Right  Honourable  Charles , Lord  Her- 
bert, Marquefs  ol  Worcefter.  This  Play  is  bor- 
rowed from  Shakefpear  s Coriolanus. 

IJland  Prime fs , a Tragi-comedy  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal : revived  with  Alterations ; 
printed  40.  Band.  1687.  and  dedicated  to  the 
Right  Honourable  Henry , Lord  Walgrceve. 
This  Play  is  Fletcher  s Originally. 

Loyal  General , a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre ; printed  4P.L0nd.168o.  and  dedicated 
to  Edward  Taylor  Efquire. 

Lear  King  of  England  his  Hiftory  ; ailed  at 
the  Dukes  Theatre : revived  with  Alterations ; 
printed  sp.Lond.\68r'\.  and  dedicated  to  Thomas 
Boteler  Efq;  This  Play  in  the  Original,  was 
writ  by  JV.  Shakefpear. 

Richard  the  Third,  a Hiftory  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  under  the  Name  of  The  Ski- 
ll l li an 


502  An  Account  of  the 

lian  Ufnrper : with  a Prefatory  Epiftle,  in  Vin- 
dication of  the  Author ; occafioned  by  the  Pro- 
hibition of  this  Play  on  the  Stage  : printed  40. 
Land.  1 (58 1.  and  dedicated  to  George  Raynford , 
Efq;  This  Play  owns  its  Birth  likewile  to 
Shakefpear. 

Belides  thefe  Plays,  our  Author  has  two  Vo- 
lumes ol  Poems  in  print.  One  wholy  writ  by 
him,  caU’dPoems  writ  on  fever al  Occafions,  fe- 
cond Edit,  enlarg dprinted  80.Loud.1684.  The 
other  call’d  Poems  by  fever  al  Hands , and  on 
feveral  Occafwns > collected  by  our  Author,  and 
printed  o£tavo  Lond,  i68y. 

John  Tateham. 

An  Author  that  flourilh’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Firffc  \ and  was  (fays  Mr .fVin^ 
Jlanley')  the  City  Poet.  If  he  was  not  an  Ex- 
traordinary Wit,  at  leafl:  he  was  Loyal  in 
the  highf  ft  Degree , as  may:  appear  by  his 
Plays ; and  equally  hated  the  Rump  and  the 
Scots.  He  has  Four  Plays  in  print ; Three  in 
quarto,  and  One  printed  with  his  Poems  in 
octavo. 

‘Dijiratied State,  a Tragedy,  written  in  the 
Year  1641.  but  not  printed  till  \6fi.  40.  and 
ded icated  to  John  Sidley.  This  Play  fuited  well 
with  the  Times ; ana  his  Hatred  to  the  Scots 
appears  in  this  Play,  where  he  introduces  a 
Scotch  Mountebank  ( in  the  fourth  A6t ) to 
poyfon  Archias  the  Elected  King,  at  the  I ne- 
gation of  Cleander.  This  I take  to  be  the  bell 
of  our  Author’s  Writings. 


Rump, 


Dramatick  Poets.  50$ 

Rump , or  The  Min  our  of  the  late  Times  ; & 
Comedy  ailed  many  times  with  great  applaufe,, 
at  the  Private-houfe  in  Dorfet  Court ; printed, 

( the  fecond  Edit. ) 40.  Lond.  1661.  and  dedicated 
to  Walter  James,  of  Rambden-Houfe , in  Smar- 
den,  in  the  County  of  Kent,  Efq;  This  Play 
has  lately  been  reviv’d  on  our  Stage,  under  the. 
Name  ' of  The  Roundheads. 

Scots  Figaries , or  A Knot  of  Knaves;  a Co- 
medy, printed  40  Lond.  165-2,.  and  dedicated  to 
Robert  Donne?,  Elq;  Moll  of  this  Play  is  w rit 
in  the  Scotch  Dialect,  and  difplays  them  to  the 
Life.  >- 

Love  crowns  the  End \ a Tragi-comedy  ailed 
by  the  Scholars  of  Bingham,  in  the  County  of 
Nottingham.  This  Play  is  not  divided  into  Ails, 
and  is  much  fhorter  than  nioft  ulually  are ; 
being  fitted  purpofely,  as  I fuppofe,  for  thofe 
Youths  that  ailed  it.  ’Tis  printed  with  his 
Poems,  call’d  The  tgMirrour  of  Fancies fm  oitavo 
Lond.  1 65-^.  and  dedicated  to  Sir  John  Winter 9 
Secretary  of  State  to  his  Ma  jelly  in  his  Exile, 

Robert  Taylour. 

An  Author,  to  whole  Perfon  and  Writings  1 
am  wholy  a Stranger ; only  I find  in  former 
Catalogues  a Comedy  alcribed  to  him,  call’d 
Hog-hut h loft,  his  Tearl. 

Thomas  Thomson. 

Another  Author  of  the  meanell  Rank,  and 
a great  Plagiary;  if  One  of  the  Plays  be 
li  4 own’d 


5 04  An  Account  of  the  x 

own'd  by  him,  which  Slt.Kuhnan  has  aicribed 
to  him  ; viz.  , p 

' Enghjh  Rogue,  a Comedy  aSed  before  leve-. 
ral  Peplbns  of  Honour  with  great  applaufe ; 
printed  4°.  Land.  i<568.  and  dedicated  to  Mrs. 
Alice  Barret. 

ifMother  Shipton  her  Life,  a tiled  Nine  Days 
together  with  great  applaufe ; printed  40 .Lond, 
I fuppofe  the  Occafion  of  the  Succefs 
of  this  Play, was  from  what  he  Hole  ; for  all  the 
Characters,  except  what  relate  to  Shipton , are 
borrow’d;  as  the  Characters  of  Shift-hoje,Mony- 
lack , Sir  Oliver,  Whore-hound,  David,  jyc.  are 
Hollen  verbatim  from  Majfmger\  City  Madam , 
and  Middle ton\  Chaft  Maid  in  Cheapjide.  This 
Play  has  not  the  Author’s  Name  to  it,  but  the 
two  fir  ft  Letters  : .it,  may  be  he  was  afham’d  to 
fet  his  Name  to  other  Mens  Labours.  As,  to 
the  Story  of  Shipton , J know  not  howto  direbl 
the  Reader,  except  to. an  old  Book  in  quarto, 
call’d  The  Life  and'.Death  of  Mother  hipton. 

Nicholas  Trott. 

An  Author,  who  writ' a Tragedy,  call’d  Ar- 
thur, which  I never  law : neither  can  I give 
any  Account  of  the  Author  himfelf,  or  the 
time  he  liv’d  in.  . 

- , _ ; ' , \ ' N , ' „ . .0i 

Richard  Tuke. 

An  Author,  of  whom  I can  give  no  further 
Account,  than  that  he  writ  a Play,  call’d 

Divin?  Comedian , or  The  Right  Ufe  of  Plays, 

im- 


Dramatick  Poets.  5°S 

improved  in  a Sacred  Tragi-comedy;  printed 
40.  Land.  if>:7&.:;and;  dedicated:  to.  the.  RighEHo- 
naurable,  and  no  lefs  Virtuous  A&^iCpwntels 
of  JVarwich^  This  Play  was  caH’d  firft  by  the. 
Author,  The  Soul's  IVarfare  ; and  is  grounded 

on  the  Danger  of  the  Soul  in  this  World. 

n . 

S.  Tuke. 

A Collonel  nowdiving  (as  I have  been  in- 
form'd) in  SuJJex : the  Author  of  One  of  the 
BeE  Plays  now  extant,  for  Oeconomy  and  Con- 
trivance; viz. 

Adventures  of  five  Hours,  a Tragi-com.e.dy, 
the  iecond  Edition ; printed  af-Eond.  1 66i.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable,  Henry 
Howard \ oT Norfolk : attended  with  Eight 
Copies  of  Verfes,  writ  by  very  Eminent  Per- 
fons ; as  Mr. Cowley , Evelyn , Carlijle, and  others. 
This  Play,  I believe,  ows  its  Foundation  to 
one  in  Spanifh. 

Cyril  Turneur. 

This  Author  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
James  the  Fir  ft;  and  publilhed  Two  Trage- 
dies ; viz. 

Atheijl' s Tragedy : Of  the  Date  of  this  Play, 
or  to  whom  dedicated,  I can  give  no  Account, 
the  Title-page  and  Epiftle,(  if  there  were  any) 
ot  my  Copy  being  loft.  The  Plot  of  Levldulciay 
her  Conveying  Sehaftian  and  Frefco  out  of  her 
Chamber,  when  fhe  was  furpris’d  by  her  HuR 
band  BeBeforreJl' s Coming,  is  borrow’d  from 
B occacey  Day  the  7.  Nov.  the  6. 


Aft  Account  of  the 


Revengers  Tragedy , fun  dry  times  a fted  by 
she  Kings  Ma jellies  Servants  ; and  printed ^<v 
Of  thel'e  two  Plays,  Mr.  IFinjhnley  quotes  a 
Diftich,  I know  not  from  what  Author,  as 
fellows. 

His  Fame  unto  that  pitch  fo  only  rais'd. 

As  not  to  he  defpis’d,  nor  too  much  prais'd. 

-ni  John  Tutchin. 

An  Author  of  our  Times ; who  has  a Pafto- 
fal  extant,  call’d 

Unfortunate  Shepherd,  a Pallor al ; printed  8®. 
Lena.  i58y.  This  Play  with  the  reft  of  his 
Poems  on  fevtral  Occa lions,  and  a Piece  in 
Profe , call’d  A Difcourfe  of  Life , were  all 
printed  odlavo  Lond.  168?. 


Lewis  Wager. 

A Learned  Clerk,  living  in  the  begining  of 
the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth ; who  was 
the  Author  of  an  Interlude,  call’d  . ; 

' rSdary  Magdalen , her  Life  and  Repentance ; 
printed  in  a Black  Letter,  40.  Lond.  15-67.  This 
Interlude  may  eafily  be  a<5led  by  Four  Perfons. 
For  the  Plot,  take  an  Account  from  the  follow- 
ing Lines;  being  part  of  the  Prologue,  and 
will  give  you  a Tafte  of  the  Author’s  Stile. 

Of  the  t jofpel  we  (hall  rehearfe  a fruitful  Story , 
Written  in  the  7th  of Luke  with  words  flame. 


4. . n . 


JV. 


The 


Dramatkk  Poets.  $07 

The  Story  of  a IV iman  that  was  right  forry, 

For  that  Jtie  had  f pent  her  Life  in  finne  vile 
and  vainc. 

By  ChriJi's preaching  floe  was  converted  againet 

To  be  truly  penitent  by  hirfruifies  Jhe  de- 
clared, 

And  to  Jhe  w hir  felf  a /inner  Jtye  never  fpared. 

Edmund  Waller. 

A Gentleman  not  many  Years  deceas’d: 
whofe  Name  will  ever  be  dear  to  all  Lovers 
of  the  dMuJ'es.  His  Compofitions  are  univer- 
fally  applauded ; and  they  are  thought  fit  to 
ferve  as  a Standard,  for  all  fucceeding  Poems. 
He  was  a Friend  to  the  Ingenious  Fletcher  ; as 
appears  by  his  Verles,  printed  at  the  begin- 
ning ofthofe  Plays  ; and  was  lb  far  a Lover  of 
Dramatick  Poetry , that  he  tranflated  part  of 
a Play,  in  which  the  Right  Honourable  the 
Earl  of  IDorfet  and  Middlefex , was  concern- 
ed ; viz.  > 

Tompey  the  Great , a Tragedy.  a£led  by  the 
Servants  of  His  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  of 
Tork  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1 664. 

Befides  this  Play,  he  has  a Volume  of  Poems 
extant,  which  have  been  feveral  times  reprint- 
ed; the  Fourth  Edition,  was  printed  o£tavo 
Lond.  i68x.  There  is  newly  publifh’d  a Se- 
cond part,  containing  his  Alteration  of  The 
Maid's  Tragedy , and  whatfoever  of  his  was 
Jeft  unprinted,  publifht  oflavo  Lond.  1690. 


George 


5©S  sift  Account  of  the. 

* : v a George  W apul. 

An  Author, whofe  Writings  arc  as  unknown 
as  any  of  the  former ; to  whom  is  aferibed  a 
Comedy,  call’d*  Tide  tarrietb  for  no  Man, 

r.  william  Wayer. 


An  Author,  of , whole  Time  and  Writings  i 
can  give  fto  further 'Account,  than  that  he  is 
aeppunted  the  Author  of  a Comedy,  which  I 
ppver  faw,  called  ; , • t , : , 

A The  mqre  thou  livjl,  the  more  Fool  thou  art. 
Th^re  are  two  other  Plays  (whofe  Authors  are 
■unknown)  aferibed  by  Mr. Phi  lips  and  Win- 
funky,  to  ounAuthor;  viz.  Tryal  of  Chivalry , 
and  Tom  Tyler ; and  his  JV'ife : tho’  I believe 
they  were,  never  writ  by  him. 


lo  J'IJiC 
arfi  aid 


R.  Waver. 


-(.The  Author  of  a Play,  which  I have  never 
f$*n,  call’d  Lujiy  juventus  ; who,  or  whence 
this  Author  was,  I know  not. 


JhU  ; 


John  Webster. 

An'  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
fames  the  Firft ; and  was  in  thofe  Days  ac- 
counted an  Excellent  Poet.  He  joyn’d  with 
Decker j TMurfion,  and  Rowley , in  feveral  Plays  ; 
and  was  like  wife  Author  of  others,  which  have 
even  in  our  Age  gain’d  Applaufe  : As  for  In- 
ftance,  Appius  and  Firginiafbwichtfe  o{-Malfy, 
and  Vittorio.  Corrombona  ; but  I fhall  fpeak  of 
thefe  in  their  Order. 


Dramatick  Posts. 

Appius  and  Virginia,  a Tragedy*  printed  (ac- 
cording to  my  Copy)  4°.  Lond.  16?$.  I iiip- 
pofe  there  may  be  an  older  Edition  than  mine; 
but  this  is  that  which  was  acted  at  theDuk&js 
Theatre,  and  was  alter’d  (as  1 have  heard  by 
Mr.  Carthwright ) by  Mr.  Betterton : For  the 
Plot,  confult  Livy,  Florusf.fye.,  -Jhiro 

Devil's  Law-cafe , or  IVhen  Women  go  to 
the  Devil  is  full  of  bufmefs  ; %cT ?agi-c$«iedy, 
approvedly  well  a£ted  by  He;r;  Majefty’shS^r 
vants  ; printed  40.  Lond.  1623.  and  dedicated  to 
Sir  Thomas  Finch ■ An  Accident  ' like  that  of 
Romelio  s ftabbing  Contarino  , out  of  .Malice, 
which  turned  to  his  prefervation,  is  (iff  mif- 
takenot)  in  Skenkius  his  Obfervations:,' At 
leaf  IT  am  furc,  the  like  happened  to  Phtereup 
Jafon , as  you  may  fee  in  §fVal.  Maximus,  lib. 
1,  cap.  8.  The  like  Story  is  related  in  Goularf- s 
Htf  loires  Admirables,  tome  i,  page  178. 

Dutchefs  of  Malfy,  a Tragedy  prefented 
privately  at  the  Blackfryars , and  publick- 
Jy  at  the  Globe , by  the  King’s  Majefty’s  Ser- 
vants; and  I have  feen  it  lince  acted  at  the 
Duke  of  Tor  If 3 Theatre.  ’Twas  firfl  printed 
4-  Lond.  1613.  and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable George,  Lord  Barkeley,  and  fince  re- 
printed 40.  Lond.  1678.  For  the  Plot,  confult 
Bandellos  Novels  in  Frencbfy Belief oreJIJB. ip. 
Beard’s  Theatre  of  God' s Judgments, Book  a.Ch. 
24.  The  like  Stqry  is  related' by  Geulart,  in 
his  Hijloires  admirables  de  nottf -temps,  p:  sfefc  ■ 
White  Devil,  ox  The  Tragedy  inf. £ aulo  Gjory 
dano  Urfini,  Dukc'tf  Br ach  i a no  fvoi&h  the  Life 
and  Death  of  Vittoria  Corqmbona*  ■the  FamotB 
. . Yene- 


5 is  An  Account  of  the 

Venetian  Curtezan : ailed  by  the  Queen’s  Ma" 
jelly's  Servants,  at  the  Phoenix  in  "Drury -lane  / 
printed  4°.  Lond.  1612.  and  fince  ailed  at  the 
Theatre-Royal,  and  reprinted  1 66$. 

Belides  thele  Plays,  our  Author  has  been  af- 
fixed by  Mr.  Rowley  in  two  others  ; which  be- 
caule  he  had  the  lea  ft  part  in  their  Compoff- 
tion,  I place  to  our  Author  ; viz. 

Cure  for  a Cuckold ’ a Comedy  leveral  times 
ailed  with  great  applaufe ; printed  a*.  Lond. 

1661. 

Thracian  Wonder , a Comical  Hillory  leveral 
times  ailed  with  great  applaufe ; printed  quar- 
to Lond.  1661. 

Mr.  'Philips  has  committed  a great  Millake, 
in  afcribing  feveral  Plays  to  our  Author,  and 
his  Aflociate  Mr.  Decker ; One  of  which  be- 
long to  another  Writer,  whofe  Name  is  an- 
nexed, and  the  reft  are  Anonymous : As  for 
Inftance,  The  Noble  Stranger, was  writ  by  Lewis 
Sharpe  ; and  The  New  Trick  to  cheat  the  Devil, 
Weakeft  goes  to  the  wall,  and  Woman  will  have 
her  will,  to  unknown  Authors. 

John  Watson,  Efq; 

An  Author, who  in  the  Reign  of  King  Charles 
the  Second,  writ  a Play  in  Heroick  Verfe,  call’d 

Amazon  Qgeen,  or  The  Amours  of  Thalellris 
to  Alexander  the  Great ; a Tragi-comedy  in  He- 
roick Verfe ; and  printed  40.  Lond.  1 c6 '7.  The 
Story  of  Thaleftris  may  be  read  in  %Curtius,  lib. 
6.  c.  S'-  Jujl.  lib.  3.  Strabo  lib.  s-  &c-  Tho’  our 
Author  makes  her  lomewhat  nice  in  her 

Amours. 


Dramatick  Foetf.  531 

Amours.  This  Play  was  never  afted,  by  rea- 
fon  of  the  Author’s  hearing  of  two  Plays  be- 
fides  on  the  fame  Subject,  that  were  intended 
for  the  Stage. 

— — Whitaker. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  Conspiracy ± or 
The  Change  of  Gover  nment a Tragedy  adecta* 
His  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  Fork's  The* 
atre ; and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1680.  This  Tfey 
is  written  in  Hero tck  Verfe:  as *0  its  Cfyara- 
£ler,  I (hall  leave  it  to  the  Judgment  of  ahl$i[ 
Criticks. 

Dr.  Robert  Wild. 

A Doctor  of  the  Presbyterian  Le  ven  but  yfcf 
(who  it  feems)  in  his  Juvenile  Years,  Was  the 
Author  of  a Comedy, call’d  The  Benefice  ; which 
was  printed  4°.  Lond.  1689.  His  Opinion  of 
the  Orthodox  Clergy,  may  eafily  be  collected 
from  this  Play;  tho’  he  is  beholding  to  ano- 
ther Play,  call’d  The  Return  from  Ternajj'm,  of 
The  Scourge  of  Simony , for  his  Defign.  His 
Poems  are  well  known,  o&avo  i6oy. 

Leonard  Will  an. 

A Gentleman  that  flourifh’d  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Charles  the  Second.  This  Author  pubi 
lifh’d  a Play,  call’d 

jiftrrca,  or  True  Loves  Mirrour  ; a Pa  flora  l 
in  Verfe ; printed  &.Lond.i6?i.  and  dedicated 
to  the  Uluftrious  Princefs  dMary,  Dutchels  of 
Richmond  and  Lemx,  This  Play  is  founded  ©)! 
i . i the 


512  \Ah  ' Account  of  the 

the  Romance  of  AJiraea,  writ  by  Mr.  TTUrfe. 4 

On  this  Author,  Mr  Herrick  Has  writ  a Copy 
of  Verfes;  Which  the  Reader  may  per nfe  at 
leifure,  p.  35-4.  oi  his  ‘Poems  in  odlaVo. 


George  Wilkins. 

Ail  Author  that  liv’d  in  the  lleign  of  Ring 
Charles,  the  FifR,  who  was  thV-^riter  of  a 
fitigle  Comedy;  befi.de s that  ip  which  lie  joyn-d 
With  2 Jay  and  Rowley ; I mean  The  Travels  of 
three  Englifh  Brothers.  The  Play' I am  fpeak- 
ing  of,  is  call’d 

dMiJ'eries  of  Inforced Marriage , play’d  by  his 
Ma jellies  Servants  printed.  4°.  fond.  1 tfjy. 
This  Comedy  has  been  a great  part  of  it  re- 
viv’d by  Mrs.  Behn,  under  the  Title  of  The 
Town  Fop,  or  Sir  Timothy  Tawdry. 

Robert  Wilmot. 

<ul'i  ■■■■-■- 


An  Author  inithe  time  of  Queen  Elizabeth , 
who  at  the  defire  of  the  Gentlemen  of  the 
Inner -Temple,  compos’d  a Play,  call’d 

Tancred  and  Gifmund  their  Tragedy , a died 
before  Her  Majefly,  by  the  Gentlemen  of  the 
Temple ; printed  40.  Lond.syyz.  and, dedicated 
to  the  Right  Worfhipful  and  Vertuous  Ladies^ 
the  Lady  Maty  ‘Peter,  and  the  Lady  Anne  Grey. 
This  Play  is  founded  on  a Story  in  Roecace; 
fee  Day  the  fourth,  Novel  the  firfl. 


John  Wilson. 

A GentlcUmn  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of  King 
Chatles  the  Second,  if  not  f fill  alive  ; whole 

jdi  Mufe 


Dramatic}?  Poets.  5 1 j 

JTufe  has  been  applauded  on  the  Stage.  His 
Play  call’d  The  Cheats , having  the  general  Ap- 
probation of  being  an  Excellent  Comedy.  He 
has  writ  three  Plays ; in  Number  of  which  take 
the  Following  Account. 

Andronictis  Comnenus , a Tragedy;  printed 
Lond.  1663.  For  the  Plot,’confult  Glycas  Leun- 
claius,  Chorriates,  Cantacufenus , fee. 

Cheats,  a Comedy  written  in  the  Year  1662. 
and  printed  Edit.  40.  Lond.  idyi.  The  Au- 
thor has  fufficiently  Apologiz’d  for  this  Play, 
in  his  Preface,  to  which  I refer  you. 

Projectors,  a Comedy ; printed  40. Lond.  i66s- 

Robert  Wilson. 

A Gentleman  that  flourifh’d  in  the  time  of 
Queen  Elizabeth ; and  was  the  Author  of  a 
Comedy,  call’d 

The  Coblers  Prophecy,  printed  40.  Lond.  16s  S- 

Nathaniel  Woods. 

An  Author  that  was  a Minifler  in  Norwich, 
in  the  Reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth ; and  who 
writ  an  Old  Comedy,  call’d 

ConfliLt  of  Cenfcience ; containing  a moll  La- 
mentable Example  of  the  doleful  Defperation 
of  a miferable  Worldling,  by  the  Name  of 
Philologus ; who  forfook  the  Truth  of  God's 
Gofpel,  for  fear  of  the  Lofs  of  Life,  and  world- 
ly Goods.  The  A£tors  Names  divided  into  fix 
parts,  mofl  convenient  for  fuch  as  be  difpos’d 
either  to  fhew  this  Comedy  in  private  Houfes, 
orotherwife;  printed  4°.  Lond.  t j 8 r , 

Kk  John 


5H 


An  Account  of  the 

John  Wright. 

A Writer  flill  living,  who  has  publiflit 
two  Plays;  the  one  being  writ  in  Heroick 
Verfe,  and  the  other  dilguis’d  En  Travejly. 
They  both  bear  the  fame  "1  itle,  and  are  bound 
together;  viz. 

Thyeftes,  a Tragedy  tranflated  out  of  Seneca; 
printed  in  oitavo  Lond.i6 74.  and  dedicated  to 
Bennet , Lord  Sherrard. 

dMoch  Thyejles , a Farce  in  Burlefque  Verfe ; 
and  printed  40.  Land.  1674.  In  commendation 
of  thefe  two  Plays,  there  is  a Copy  of  Verfes, 
written  by  Mr.  0.  Tahsbury ; which  begins 
thus: 

(Did  Seneca  now  live,  himjelf  would fay, 

7 hat your  Tranjlation  has  not  wrong'd  his  Tlay ; 

But  that  in  every  Tage , in  every  Line, 

Tour  Language  does  with  equal  fp lender  jhine,&c . 

William  Wytcherley. 

A Gentleman,  whom  I may  boldly  reckon 
antongft  the  Poets  of  the  Firfl  Rank : no  Man 
that  I know,  except  the  Excellent  Johnfon , 
having  outdone  him  in  Comedy  ; in  which 
alone  he  has  imploy’d  his  Pep,  but  with  that 
Succefs,  that  few  have  before,  or  will  hereafter 
match  him.  His  Plays  are  four  in  Number;  viz. 

Country  Wife,  a Comedy  ailed  at  the  The. 
atre-Royal,  and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1683.  This 
is  reckon’d  an  Admirable  Play. 

Gentleman  ‘Dandng-Majler , a Comedy  ailed 

at 


Dramatick  Poets.  515 

at  the  Duke’s  Theatre ; and  printed  in  quarto 
Lond.  16  73. 

Love  in  a IV*. W,  or  Saint  James ’i.  Park  ; a Co- 
medy,  aCted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  His  Ma- 
jefty’s  Servants ; printed  4°  Lond.  161?..  and 
dedicated  to  the  Dutchefs  of  Cleveland. 

Plain  'Dealer , a Comedy  added  at  the  The- 
atre-Roydl,  by  His  Majefty’s  Servants ; printed 

4°.  LioM.  1678.  and  dedicated  to  Madam  B 

Of  this  Play  and  its  Author,  Mr.  Dr/ den  fays 
thus  : 1 The  Author  of  the  Plain  Dealer fthatti 
i I am  proud  to  call  My  Friend,  has  oblig’d  all 
1 Honeft  and  Virtuous  Men,  by  One  of  the  moft 
1 Bold,  moft  General,  and  moft  Ufeful  Satyrs, 
( which  has  been  prefented  on  the  Englifh  The- 
1 atre.  But  notwithftanding  this  Admirable 
Character,  I muft  take  the  Freedom  to  alledge, 
That  our  Author  has  borrow’d  his  chief  Cha- 
racters of  Manly  and  Olivia , from  Molliere’s  Le 
Mifanthrope  ; that  of  Major  Old-fox , from  Scar- 
rons.  City  Romance ; arid  that  of  Vernijh  his 
feizing  Fidelia , and  difeovering  her  Sex,  may 
poflibly  be  founded  on  Silvia  Molliere’s  Me- 
mories. But  notwithftanding  all  this,  the  Plav 
is  Excellent  in  its  kind ; and  the  Author’s  Cha- 
racter is  juftly  drawn  by  Mr.  Evelyn : 

As  long  as  tlMen  are  falfe , and  Women  vainr 

While  Gold  continues  to  be  Virtues  bane , 

In  pointed  Satyr  Wycherley  Jhall  Reign. 


Robert: 


516  An  Account  of  the 

T 

Robert  Y arrington. 

Ail  Ancient  Writer  in  Queen  Elizabeth's 
Time;  who  has  publifht  a Play,  call’d  Tzt« 
'Tragedies  in  One.  The  One,  of  the  Murthcr  of 
Mr.  Beech  a Chandler , in  Thames-Jlreet,  and 
his  Boy ; done  by  Thomas  Mem : The  Other, of 
a Young  Child,  murther’d  in  a Wood  by  two 
Ruffins,  with  the  Content  of  his  Uncle ; print*, 
ed  in  quarto  Lend.  1601. 


Suppofed  Authors. 

WE  are  now  arriv’d  at  thofe  Authors, 
whofe  Names  are  not  certainly  known, 
who  difcover  themfelves  only  to  their  Friends - 
in  private,  and  dilguife  themfelves  from  the 
Knowledge  ol  the  World  by  Two  Letters  only: 
part  of  which  we  ffiall  unriddle  in  the  follow- 
ing Account. 

R.  A.  Gent. 

This  Author  writ  a Play,  call’d  The  Valiant 
Welchman;  or  The  True  Chronicle  Hiftory 
of  the  Life  and  Valiant  “Deeds  of  Charadoc,  the 
Great  King  of  Cambria,  now  call'd Wales.  This 
Play  has  been  fundry  times  ailed  by  the  Prince 
of  fVales  his  Servants ; but  printed  qp.Lond. 
i66l.  For  the  Plot  of  this  Play,  ’tis  founded  on 

true 


" Dramatick  Poets . 5 1 7 

true  Hiltory  : fee  Tacitus  Annals , dMiltoris  Hi- 
Jlory  of  England,  fyc.  See  befides  Ubaldiney  Lc 
Vite  delle  "Donne  Illuflre , p.  6. 

H.  H.  B. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  The  World's 
Idol , or  Plutus ; a Comedy,  written  in  Gieef 
by  AriJlophaneSy  and  translated  by  our  Author; 
together  with  his  Notes,  and  a fhort  Difcourfe 
upon  it ; printed  octavo  Lond.  idyo. 

P.  B.  i.  e.  Peter  Belon >Qentr  J i 

An  Author  now  living,  who  is  fujipoled  to 
write  a Play,  call’d  The  MocfDuellift-,  or  The 
French  Tallet ; ailed  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by 
His  Majefly’s  Servants;  printed  quarto  Lond. 

1 dyy.  and  dedicated  to  the  Virtuous  Accom- 
plifht  Lady,  Madam  S.  C. 

j.c. 

The  Author  of  a pleafant  Comedy,  call’d  The 
two  Merry  Milkmaids , or  The  hejl  W trds  wear 
the  Garland  ; ailed  before  the  King  with  Ge- 
neral approbation,  by  the  Company  of  the  Re- 
vels ; printed  quarto  Lond.16 Part  of  the 

Plot  of  this  Play,  viz.  D or  ige  tie's  promife  to 
Doridusy  of  Enjoyment  when  he  prefentedher 
with  a Garland  that  Ihould  contain  all  forts  of 
Flowers  in  January , and  the  Confequence,  is 
founded  on  Zf 'occace  Day  10.  N.  7.  and  is  the 
Foundation  of  other  Plays ; as  Fletchers  Four 
Plays  in  one}  &c. 

Kk  3 R. 


518  An  Account  of  the 

R.  C. 


There  arc  two  Plays,  which  no  otherwile 
difcover  the  Author,  than  by  thele  two  Let- 
ters : The  firft  call’d'  Alphonjfus  King  of  Arra- 
gon^u.  Hiftory  which  I never  Law the  other 
nam'd  Ignoramus,  ii  Comedyfeveral  times  added 
with  extraordinary  appiaufe,  before  the  Maje.- 
fhy  of  King  James ; With  a Supplement  which 
(out  of  Refpedk  to  the  Students  of  the  Common 
Law\  was  hitherto  wanting : W rittejn  in  La- 
tin by' R . Kuggles , lometimes  Mailer  of  Arts  in 
Glare  MAI  in  Cambridge,  and  tranllated  by  R.  C. 
lb  tile  times  Mailer  of  Arts  in  Magdalen  Golledge 
in  Oxford;  printed  40.  Lond.1662.. 


The  Author  of  a Comedy,  call’d  The  Mall 
or  The  Modijh  Lovers';  added  by  his  Ma jelly’s 
Servants  ; printed  aI.Lond.i6^.  and  dedicated 
to  William  Whitcovi Junior,  Eftp  This  Play  is 
afcribed  by  The.  Hyde  (the  ‘Proto - Bibliothecarius 
to  the  Univerfity')  to  Mr.  Dryden ; tho’  me-1 
thinks  the  Stile  of  the  Epiftle  Dedicatory,  is' 
not  like  the  reft  of  his  Writings.  •'"'1 f [ 

R.D. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  Metso  Trick  to 
cheat  the  ‘Devil \ a Comedy,  printed  Lond. 
163  9.  The  Plot  of  Fryar  John's  DilcQvering 
the  Conftable  and  the  Woman’s  Intrigue,  and 
pretending  to  conjure  for  Vidluals  at  the  Hill- 
band’s  Return,  Adi  3.  Sc.  1.  is  the  fame  with 


that 


Dramatick  Poets,  519 

that  made  ufe  of  in  the  London  Cuckolds ; and 
which  is  related  fietce  the  Writing  of  this  Play, 
by  M.  T>'Ouv  'ille  in  his  Tales,  part,  z.pageif-]. 
Slight-all's  teaching  the  Art  of  Love,  to  the 
two  Gentlemen,  in  the  fecond  Scene  of  the  fir  ft 
A 61,  is  borrow’d  from  Ovid  De  Arte  Amandf 
Lib.  x. 

T.D. 

Under  thefe  Letters,  is  a Play  in  print, 
call’d  The  Bloody  Banquet,  a Tragedy ; printed 
162.0.  This  Play  by  fome  old  Catalogues,  is 
afcri  b’d  to  Thomas  Busier, 

S.  H. 

/ . V 

Concerning  this  Author  was, I know  no  more, 
than  that  he  was  a Batchelor  of  Arts,  of  Exe- 
ter Colledge  in  Oxford ; and  writ  a Play,  call’d 
Sicily  and  Naples,  or  The  Fatal  Unioy;  a Tra- 
gedy, printed  4°.  Oxon.  1640.  This  Play  is 
commended  by  Seven  Copies  of  Verfes,  which 
are  prefix’d,  tnoftof  them  being  writ  by  Young 
Academics. 

B.J. 

The  Author  of  a Tragedy,  call’d  Guy  of 
Warwick , which  I have  once  feen  in  quarto 
Lond. — — and  the  Gentleman  that  (hew’d  it 
me,  told  me  it  was  writ  by  Ben  Johnfon  \ tho’ 
by  that  little  I read,  I guefs’d  it  to  be  writ  by 
a Pen  far  inferiour  to  that  Great  Mafter  in 
Toe  try. 


520 


An  Account  of  the 

E.M. 

The  Author  of  a Tragedy,  call'd  Saint  Cc~ 
cilie,  or  The  Converted  Twins  ; printed  quarto 
Lond.  1667.  This  Play  was  publilh’d  by  Mr. 
Medbourn , the  Comedian,  and  dedicated  to 
Queen  Katherine.  For  the  Plot,  confult  Ec- 
clefiaftical  Writers,  as  Epiphanius , Eufebiusy 
Bar  owns,  <gyc. 

T.  P, 

Under  thefe  Letters,  arc  printed  two  Plays ; 
One  of  which  is  call’d  The  French  Conjurer , a 
Comedy  acted  at  the  Duke  of  Torkj,  Theatre  ; 
and  printed  a*. Lond.  1 <578.  This  Play  is  found- 
ed on  two  Stories  in  the  Romance  0$ Guzman, 
the  Spanifl)  Rogue;  one  call’d  Dorido  and Cio- 
rinia:  the  other,  The. Merchant  of  Sevil.  The 
lecond  Play  is  Riled,  A witty  Combat , or  The 
Female  Vi&or  ; a Tr'agi-comedy  acted  by  Per- 
fons  of  Quality,  in  Whitfon  Week,  with  great 
applaufe  ; printed  4°.  Lond.  1663  . This  Play 
is  founded  on  the  Story  of  Mary  Carleton , the 
German  Princefs : See  her  Life  in  octavo. 

zJMonfiettr  P.  P. 

The  Author  of  an  Opera,  call’d  Ariadne,  or 
The  Marriage  of  Bacchus : being  a Vocal  Re- 
prefentation,  tranflated  out  of  French , and  put 
into  Mufick  by  Mr.  Grabut , Mailer  of  his  Ma- 
jelty’s  Mufick;  and  a£ted  by  the  Royal- Acade- 
my of  Mufick,  at  the  Theatre-Royal  in  Covent 
Garden ; printed^.  Lond.  1674.  and  dedicated 
to  King  Charles  the  Second 


Dramatick  Poets.  5 2 1 

S.  P. 

An  Author,  which  I take  to  be  Samuel  Tor- 
dage,  who  publifh’d  a Play  of  Seneca's,  with 
Notes,  call’d  Troudes ; to  which  is  annex’d 
Ibme  Poems  on  leveral  Occafions;  all  which  are 
printed  together  odtavo  Lond.  1660. 

T. R. 

An  Author  that  publifht  a Play,  call’d  The 
Extravagant  Shepheard;  a Paltoral  Comedy, 
tranllated  from  the  French  of  M.  Corneille  Ju- 
nior; printed  op  .Lond  165-4.  and  dedicated  to 
Mrs.  Thornhill , Wife  to  Coll.  Rich.  Thornhill \ 
of  Ollantigh  in  Kent.  This  Play  is  founded  on 
a Romance,  call’d  Lyfis,  or  The  Extravagant 
Shepheard,  in  Folio. 

; W.R. 

The  Author  of  a Piece,  which  I never  fa\f, 
call’d  Three  Lords  and  Ladies  o/London. 

Mr.  S.  Mr.  of  Arts. 

The  Author  of  a Right,  Pithy,  Pleafant,  and 
Merry  Comedy , Entituled  Gammer  Gorton's 
Needle ; play’d  on  the  Stage  near  a hundred 
Year  ago,  in  Chrijls  Colledge  in  Cambridge ; 
pririted  in  a Black  Letter  4°.  Lond.  1661'. 

j.  s. 

Four  Plays  are  printed  under  thele  Letters ; 
viz.  a Mafque,  call’d  KMaquarade  du  del,  pre- 
lented  to  the  Great  Queen  of  the  Little  World; 
printed  4°.  Lond.  1640.  and  dedicated  to  the 

Queen. 


>2?  An  Account  of  the 


Queen.  A Pafloral,  call’d  Phillis  of  Scyrot , 
tranflated  from  the  Italian  of  C.  Guiduhaldo  di 
Bonarelli;  and  printed  4 v.Land.  i6yy.  A Tra- 
gedy, whole  Name  is  Andromana , or  The  Mer- 
chant's Wife ; printed  af.L0nd.166o.  This  Play 
is  founded  on  Sr.  Thil.  Sidney ’s  Romance,  call’d 
Arcadia , in  Fol.  fee  the  Story  of  Tlangus,^.x$  f. 
And  a Comedy,  call'd  The  Prince  of  Priggs  Be- 
vels, or  The  Trallices  of  that  Grand  Thief  Cap- 
tain Janies  Hinde ; printed  af.Lond.  1 6 — 


The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  The  Honejl 
Lawyer , a Comedy  ailed  by  the  Queens  Ma- 
jefiy’s  Servants,  and  printed  af.Lond.  1616. 


Under  thefe  Letters,  are  two  Plays ; the  firfl 
call’d  Grim  the  Collier  of  Croyden,  or  7 he  De- 
vil and  his  Dame , with  the  Devil  and  iV.Dunflan; 
printed  oilavo  Lond.\66i.  This  Play  is  bound 
with  two  others,  viz.  Thorpy  Ahhy , or  dMar- 
riage  Broker , under  the  Title  of  Gratia  Thea- 
t rales,  or  A Choice  of  Ternary  o/'Englifh  Plays, 
The  fecond  Play  is,  L.  Annaeus  Seneca’s  Troas , 
a Tragedy  tranflated  from  the  Latin , and  print- 
ed-Jlo.  Lond.i6B6. 


C.  W.  i.e.  Chriftopher  Wase. 


An  Ingenious  Perfon,  lately  deceas’d  y being 
one  of  the  Squire  Bedles  in  the  Univerfity.of 
Oxford.  His  Skill  in  Languages, particularly  in 
Latin  and  Greek,  is  fufficiently  known  to  the 


s.  s. 


A 


Learn- 


D ra  matick  Poets.  525 

Learned  World.  He  tranflated  out  of  Greek  the 
EleSira  of  Sophocles , artd  prelented  it  to  Her 
Highnefs  the  Lady  Elizabeth;  printed  120. 
at  the  Hague  1649.  Several  Tranflations  be- 
fides  he  has  publifh’d,  as  Gratius  his  Cynegeti- 
con,  printed  8°.  Lond.  165-4.  and  Triad's  Hijfl. 
of  France : fome  of  Tullys  Orations , and  his  La- 
tin Dictionary,  befides  pther  School-Books  ; fe- 
veral  of  which  have  been  often  reprinted,  and 
all  of  them  fhew  his  Great  Induflry  and  Parts. 

E.  W. 

A Perfon  who  was(tho’  not  the  Author, yet) 
the  Occafion  of  the  Publication  of  a Comedy, 
call’d  Apollo  Shroving, compos’d  for  the  Scholars 
of  the  Free-Schpol  of  Hadleigh,  in  Suffolk,  and 
ailed  by  them  on  Shrove-T uefday,  Feb.  6.  \6i6. 
written  by  the  School-Mafter  of  Hadleigh,  and 
printed  difavo  i6%n. 

j.  w. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  The  Valiant 
Scot ; which  was  printed  4°  Lond.  1637.  and 
dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable  James,  Mar- 
quels  Hamilton,  by  the  Publilher  or  Promoter 
of  the  Copy  to  the  Prefs,  Mr  .William  Bo  layer. 


L.  W. 

The  Author  of  a Play,  call’d  Orgula,  or  The 
Fatal  Error  ; a Tragedy,  wherunto  is  annexed 
a Preface, discovering  the  true  Nature  of  Toefie , 
with  the  proper  ufe  and  Intention  of  fiich  pub- 
Jick  Divertilements ; printed  40,  Lond.  i6yS. 

and 


5 *4  4n  Account  of  the 

and  dedicated  to  the  moffc  accomplifh’d  Lady, 

the  Lady  Frances  WildegoJ's. 

UM..  W.  Mafter  of  Arts. 

Another  Author,  whole  Play  is  bound  in  the 
Ternary  of  Plays  : ’tis  call’d  7 he  Marriage  Bto- 
kery or  The  Pander , a Comedy  printed  1 662. 

T.  w. 

The  third  Author  concern’d  111  that  Volume, 
having  writ  a Tragedy,  call’d  Thornby-Abby , or 
The  London  Maid.  All  thefe  Plays  are  dedi- 
cated to  William  Aujlin  Efq;  by  R.  T>.  the  Puh- 
li  flier. 

w.  w. 

The  Tranflator  of  a Comedy  writ  by  Tlau- 
tmy  call’d  i3tandchmiy  printed  4?., Tond.ifiy. 
This  Author  had  tranflated  feveral  others  in 
Manufcript,  tho’  they  were  never  permitted 
to  come  abroad  in  the  World. 


Unknown  Authors. 

WE  are  now  come  to  the  lad:  Divifion  of 
Authors,  I mean  thofe  whofe  Mode- 
fly,  or  other  Reafons,  have  hinder’d  the  pub- 
lication of  their  Names  : and  as  we  have  Decy- 
phered  fome  Authors  in  th.e  foregoing  Divifion, 
upon  Con  jecture,  fo  we  {hall  not  pretermit  to 
take  Notice  of  fuch  Plays,  whofe  Authors  we 
can  any  ways  guels  at  in  this.  I {hall  Rank 
thefe , as  I did  the  former,  in  an  Alphabetical 
Method. 

A. 

/ 1 


/ 


Dramatick  Poets.  525 


Abdicated  Prince,  or  The  Adventures  of  Fom 
Tears ; a Tragi-comedy,  lately  a£ted  at  Alba- 
Regalis , by  feveval  Perfons  of  Great  Quality  ; 
and  printed  Lond.  of  i6po.  This  Play  contains 
the  Tranfa&ions  of  the  Court  and  Nation,  du- 
ring the  Reign  of  the  late  King  James,  under 
feigned  Names  : there  needs  no  Clavis , the  Per- 
fons, being  obvious  to  all  Intelligent  Perfons- 
The  time  of  the  A6!ion  is  from  the  Coronation 
of  King  James , to  the  Landing  of  his  prefent 
Ma  jetty. 

Abrahams  Sacrifice , a Play  which  I never 
law,  but  do  believe  that  it  may  poffibly  be  a 
Tranflation  from  Theodore  Beza. 

Alarum  for  London,  or  7 he  Siege  of  An- 
twerpe  ; with  the  Venturous  ASis,  and  Valiant 
T>eedsof  the  Lame  Souldier;  play’d  by  the  Right 
Honourable,  the  Lord  Chamberlain  his  Ser- 
vants, printed  Land.  1601. 

Albion , an  Interlude  mention’d  by  Kirkman , 
which  I never  faw. 

Albion's  Triumph , perfbnated  in  a Mafque  at 
Court,  by.the  King  and  Queens  Majefties,  and 
the  Loras,  the  Sunday  after  Twelfth-Night , 
idji.  printed  40.  Lond.  1631.  Mr.  Inigo  jones 
had  a Share  in  the  Contrivance  of  this  Maftjue. 

Albumazar , a Comedy  prefented  before  the 
King’s  Majefty  at  Cambridge,  by  the  Gentlemen 
of  Trinity  Colledge;  printed  42  Lond.  1634. 
This  was  reviv’d  at  the  King’s  Houfe,  and  a 
Prologue  writ  by  Mr.  Dryden  : fee  i3iifcellan. 
Poems  publifh’d  by  him  8°.  p.  279- 


Aminta , 


526  An  Account  of  the 

Aminta , a Paftoral,  tranflated  from  the  Ita- 
lian of  Torquato  TafJ'o  ; to  which  is  added  Ar- 
riadne’s  Complaint,  in  Imitation  of  Anguilaray 
written  by  our  Tranflator;  both  printed  in 
quarto  Lond.  162.8. 

Amorous  Gallant , or  Love  in  Eaflriort ; a Co- 
medy in  Heroick  Verfe,  as  it  was  ailed,  and 
printed  4.°.  Lond.  16 ’if.  This  Play  has  appeared 
abroad,  under  the  Title  of  The-  Amorous  Or  on- 
tus : It  is  tranflated  from  a French  Play, written 
by  Th.  Corneille , and  call’d  L' Amour  a la  mode. 
It  is  founded  on  a Spanifj  Play,  writ  by  Ant.  de 
Solis , call’d  by  the  lame  Name,(towit)  El  Amor 
al  ufo. 

Amorous  Old  W iman , or  ’Tis  well  if  it  take  ; 
a Comedy  ailed  by  their  Majefties  Servants,  and 
printed  4.  Load.  1684.  I have  been  told  this 
Play  was  writ  by  Tho.Dujfet : ’tis  printed  with 
a New  Title-page,  call’d  The  Fond  Lady. 

Arden  of  Feverfham  his  True  and  Lament- 
able Tragedy , who  was  mojl  wickedly  murthered 
by  the  means  of  his  dijloyal  Wife ; who  for  the 
love Jhe  bare  to  one  Mofebie,  hired  two  dejperate 
Ruffins^  Black- will  and  Shah-bag,  to  kill  him : 
printed  4 °.Lond.  1^99.  in  a Black  Letter.  The 
Story  is  to  be  found  in  theRe  gn  of  Edward  the 
Sixth;  fee  Hollingjhead ’ Goodwin , Hayward \ 
Baker , Beard's  Theatre  of  God's  Judgment * 
.Book  a.  Ch.  10.  Edit.  4.  and  the  fecond  part 
Chap-  6.  added  by  Dr.  Tho.  Taylour. 

Arraignment  of  Paris,  a Paftoral,  which  I ne- 
ver faw ; but  it  is  aferibed  by  Kirkman  to  Mr. 
W.  Shakefpear. 

B . 


Ekamatick  Poets.  527 

B. 

Battle  of  Aliaiar, f ought  in  Barbary,  between 
Sebaflian  King  of  Portugal,  and  Abdelmelech 
King  of  Morocco ; with  the  ‘Death  of  Captain 
Stukeley : play’d  fundry  times  by  the  Lord 
HighAdmiral’s  Servants,printed  op. Lond.  1^94. 
For  the  Plot,  feveral  Authors  mention  the 
Story : the  Englifh  Reader  may  find  it  in  Hey - 
bin's  Cofmography,  and  Fuller  % JV or t hies. 

Band Ruff-,  and  Cuff;  an  Interlude,  which 
other  Catalogues  mention,  but  which  I never 
faw. 


Baflard,  a Tragedy;  printed  4°.  Lond.  iCyi. 
The  Plot  of  this  Tragedy,  and  part  of  the  Lan- 
guage, concerning  Chare,  Rodriguez. , Balthazar 
and  Mariana , is  borrow’d  from  the  Loves  of 
Schiarra  and  Florelia , in  the  Englifh  Lovers: 
and  Catilinas  Supplying  her  Miflrels  Marianas, 
Room  on  the  Wedding  Night,  is  founded  on 
the  Story  of  Roberto  and  IJdaura , in  Gerardo 
the  Unfortunate  Spaniard ’ p.  87. 

Bloody  Duke,  or  The  Adventures  for  a Crown  ; 
a Tragi-comedy,  a died  at  the  Court  of  Alba  Re- 
galls,  by  feveral  Perfons  of  Great  Quality ; by 
the  Author  of  the  Abdicated  Prince , printed  4° 
Lond.  1690.  This  Play  comprifes  the  publick 
Affairs,  from  the  firfl  Difcovery  of  the  Topijh - 
plot , to  the  Death  of  King  Charles  the  Second 
The  Perfons  are  as  eafily  known  as  in  the  for- 


mer. 


c. 


/ 


Cafars  Revenge , a Tragedy  which  I never 
faw. 


Charles 


528  An  Account  of  the 

Charles  the  Fir  ft  King  of  England  his  Tra- 
gedy ; printed  40.  Lond.  1649.  and  dedicated  to 
King  Charles  the  Second,'  commended  by  a 
Copy  of  Verfes. 

Combat  of  Caps , a Mafque  of  which  I can 
give  no  Account. 

Commons  Condition , a Comedy  which  I ne- 
ver law. 

Conjlant  Nymph , or  The  Rambling  Shepheard ; 
a Paftoral  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed 
40.  Lond.  1678. 

Cojily  Whore , a Comical  Hiflory  ailed  by  the 
Company  of  Revels ; printed  a.0. Lond.  163  3. 

Contention  between  York  and  Lancafter,  with 
the  Death  of  the  Good  Duke  Humphrey,  and 
the  Bani[hment  and  Death  of  the  Duke  of  Suf- 
folk ; and  the  tragical  End  of  the  proud  Cardinal 
of  Winchelter;  with  the  notable  Rebellion  of 
jack  Cade,  and  the  Duke  of  York’s-  fiijl  Claim  to 
theCrown:  printed  40.  Lond.  i<5oc.  This  Play 
is  only  the  Second  part  of  Shakejpear’s  Henry 
the  Sixth , with  little  or  no  Variation. 

Counterfeits , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre ; printed  4 9.Lond.t6’is>-  This  Comedy 
is  aferibed  by  feme  to  Leanard ; but  I believe 
it  too  good  to  be  his  Writing : ’tis  founded  on 
a tranflated  Spanijh  Novel,  call’d  The  Trapan - 
ner  trapann'dj  oitavo  Lond.  1677.  and  I pre- 
fume the  Author  may  have  feen  a Trench 
Comedy,  writ  by  ' ho.  Corneille , oil  the  fame 
Subjeil,  call’d  D.  Cafar  D' Avalos. 

Counterfeit  Bridegroom , ox  The  Defeated  Wi- 
dow ; a Comedy  ailed  at  His  Royal  Highnels 
the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed  4°.  Lond.  1(577. 

This 


Dramat/ck  Poets . 529 

*This  Play  is  only  an  Old  Play  of  Middleton  s# 
call’d  No  JVit  like  a fV vnan's,  printed  odtavo. 

Cromwell's  Conf piracy , a Tragi-comedy, 
which  I never  faw. 

Cruel  ‘Debtor , a Play  only  nam’d  by  Mn 
Kirkrnan. 

Cupid's  IV kith  gig,  a Comedy  fundry  times 
a£ted  by  the  Children  of  his  Majelly's  Revels  ; 
printed  40.  JLond.  1616.  and  dedicated  by  the 
Publilher,  to  Mr.  Robert  Hayman.  This  Play 
is  part  founded  on  Boccace ; as  for  Inftance,  the 
Conveyance  of  the  Captain , and  Exhibition 
out  of  the  Lady’s  Chamber,  is  founded  on  the 
Sixth  Novel,  of  the  Seventh  Day ; and  is  the 
Ground-work  of  many  other  Plays. 

Cyrus  King  of  Perfia,  a Tragedy  mention’d 
by  Kirkinan , which  I never  law. 

2X 

Damon  and  "Pythias , a Hiftory,  of  which  t 
can  give  no  Account. 

Debauchee , or  2 he  Credulous  Cuckold;  a.  Co- 
medy a6ted  at  his  Highnefs  the  Duke  of  Tories. 
Theatre,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  i6lq.  This 
Play  is  by  fome  afcrib’d  to  Mrs.  Behn;  but  is 
indeed  only  a Play  of  Brome  s reviv’d,  call’d 
A mad  Couple  well  matcht. 

DeJlruBion  of  Jerufalem,  a Play  which  l 
never  faw ; but  in  the  Catalogue  printed 
with  the  Old  Law,  ’tis  afcnb’d  to  one  Thomas 
Legge. 

Dick  Scorner,  a Play  mention’d  in  Mr.  Kirk, 
mans  Catalogue,  but  which  I never  faw : nor 
Li  do 


5 $o  An  Account  of  the 

do  I know  what  fpecies  of  Dramatic! L Toe  try 
it  is. 

Divine tSMafque,  printed  in  quarto  Lond- — 
The  Title-page  of  mine  is  lolt,  but  ’tis  dedi- 
cated to  General  tSMonk,  by  One  Anthony  Sad- 
ler, who  I take  to  be  the  Author. 

E. 

Edward  the  Third  his  Reign , a Hiftory  fun- 
dry  times  play’d  about  the  City  of  London ; 
printed  4°.  Lond.  1 5-99.  The  Plot  is  founded 
on  Enghjh  Chronicles : See  Walfingham , CM.- 
Wejlmin/ter , Fabian , FroiJJ'art,  Tol.  Virgil,  Hol- 
lingfhead,  Stow,  Speed,  fee.  See  befides  o ALJ'cha- 
Jius  Major,  and  a Novel  call’d  The  Countefs  of 
Salisbury  o£tavo,  tranflated  from  the  French. 

Elvira , or  The  worjl  not  always  true ; a Co- 
medy written  by  a Perfon  of  Quality,  (fuppos’d 
to  be  the  Lord  Digby)  and  printed  40.  Lond. 
1667. 

Emprefs  of  Morocco,  a Farce  a&ed  by  His 
Majefty’s  Servants  ; faid  to  be  writ  by  Thomas 
'. Dujfet , and  printed  40.  Lond.  1674. 

Engliflj  Trincefs , or  The  Death  of  Richard 
the  Third ; a Tragedy  in  Heroick  Verle,  aferi- 
bed  to  Mr.  John  Car  el,  and  printed  40.  Lond. 

1 <57  3.  For  the  Plot,  fee  Fabian , Tol.  Virgil, 
Hoilingfhead,  Grafton , Stow,  Speed,  Baker,  fee. 

Englijh  men  for  Money,  or  A Woman  will 
have  her  Will ; a pleafant  Comedy  divers  times 
a&ed  with  great  app?aufe;  printed  40.  Lond. 

1 616-  , - . 

Enough's  as  good  as  a Feajl,  a Comedy,which 
I never  law,  but  mentioned  by  Mr . Kirkman. 
Every 


Dramatick  Poets.  531 

Every  Woman  in  her  Humour ; a Comedy, 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1609. 

F. 

Factious  Citizen , or  The  Melancholy  Hijioner  ; 
a Comedy  a<5ted  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre  ; and 
printed  quarto  Lond.  i68y. 

Fair  Em,  the  Miller  s Daughter  of  Manche- 
fler ; with  the  Love  of  William  the  Conqueror; 
a pleafant  Comedy  fundry  times  publickly  adted 
in  the  Honourable  City  of  London  fq  the  Right 
Honourable,  the  Lord  Strange  his  Servants  \ 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1631. 

Fair  Maid  of  Briltow,  a Comedy  play’d  at 
Hampton , before  the  King  and  Queen’s  molt 
Excellent  Majefties;  printed  quarto  Lond.  160^. 
in  a Black  Letter. 

Falfe  Favourite  dif grac'd,,  and  the  Reward  of 
Loyalty ; a Tragi-comedy  never  adted,  printed 
oftavo  Lond.  165-7.  This  Play  is  afcribed  to 
George  Gerbier  D'Ouvilly. 

F at aljealoujie,  a Tragedy  acted  at  the  Duke’s 
Theatre,  and  afcribed  by  fome  to  Mr.  Pane; 
printed  quarto  Lond.i6~ji.  Part  of  the  Plot  is 
in  Johannes  Gigas’s  Toft  ills : See  befides  The- 
atre of  God's  Judgments,  part  p.  yy.  Unfor- 

tunate Lovers , Nov.  1. 

Feigned  Ajlrologer , a Comedy  tranflated  front 
the  French  of  UMonjieur  Corneille  ; and  printed 
of.  Lond.  1668.  The  Plot  of  this  Play  [which 
is  borrow’d  from  Calderon  % El  Ajirologo  fingido  ] 
is  made  ufe  of  in  the  Story  of  the  French  Man 
quefs , in  the  Illujlrious  FaJJ'a,  when  he  play’d 
the  part  of  the  Feigned  Ajlrologer. 

L 1 % Fide/e 

I - / 

K Z'  > , 


5$2  Ah  Account  of  the 

Ftdele  and  Fortunatus : I know  not  what  fort 
of  Play  it  is,  whether  Comedy  or  Tragedy, hav- 
ing never  feen  it ; but  in  Old  Catalogues  ’tis 
aferibed  to  Thomas  Barker. 

Flora’s  Vagaries , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  The- 
atre-Royal, by  His  Majefty’s  Servants : aferibed 
to  Mr.  Rhodes , and  printed  quarto  Lond.  16^0. 
This  Plot  of  Or  ante  5 making  ufe  of  the  Fryar, 
to  carry  on  her  Intrigue  with  Ludovico , is 
founded  on  Boccace , Day  3.  Nov.  3. 

Free-Will,  a Tragedy,  which  I know  not 
where  or  when  printed,  the  Title-page  of  Mine 
being  loft.  ’Twas  written  Originally  in  Ita- 
lian by  F.  N B.  which  I take  to  be  Francifcus 
Niger  BaJJ'entinus , and  was  tranflated  into  F.n- 
glifh  by  H.  C.  that  is  Henry  Cheek . ’Tis  print- 
ed in  an  Old  Englijh  Character. 

Fulgius  and  Lucre  lie,  a Piece  of  which  I can 
give  no  Account  having  never  feen  it. 

G. 


Ghojl , or  The  Woman  wears  the  Breeches ; 
a Comedy  writ  in  the  Year  1640.  and  printed 
quarto  Lond.  itfyo. 

H. 


Heir s Higher  Court  of  Jujlice,  or  The  Tryal 
of  the  Three  Tolitick  Ghojls , viz.  Oliver  Crom- 
well, King  of  Sweden,  and  Cardinal  Mazarine ; 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1661. 

Hijlrtomaflix , or  The  T layer  whipt ; printed 
quarto  Lond.  1610.  This  Play  was  writ  in  the 
time  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  tho’  not  printed  till 
afterwards;  as  appears  by  the  laft  Speech, 

fpoken 


Dramatick  Poets . 5 j | 

fpoken  by  to  Ajlraa,  under  which  Name 
the  Queen  is  lhadowed. 

Henry  the  Fifth  his  ViElories,  containing  the 
Honourable  Battle  of  Agin-court;  a Hiltory, 
ailed  by  the  Kings  Majellies  Servants,  printed 
quarto  Lond.  1617.  For  the  Plot,  lee  the  En~ 
glifb  Chronicles,  as  Hollingjhead \ Stow , Speedy 
&c. 

He  El  or,  or  The  Falfe  Challenge ; a Comedy 
written  in  the  Year  1 6s S-  and  printed  quarto 
Lond.  x 6?6.  I know  not  the  Author  of  this 
Play ; but  I think  it  may  vye  with  many  Co- 
medies writ  fince  the  Reftauration  of  the 
Stage. 

Hyppolitus , a Tragedy,  which  ( as  I have 
been  told)  is  printed  in  oilavo,  and  tranllated 
from  Seneca  by  Edmund  Tr  eft  with.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  the  Poets,  as  Ovid’s  Epiflle  of  CP hat- 
dr  a to  Hyppolitus : his  Metamorphofis,  Lib.  6. 
Virgil.  f/En.  Lib.  7.  (Ere. 

Hoffman  his  Tragedy,  or  A Revenge  for  a Fa- 
ther ; ailed  divers  times  with  great  applaufe, 
at  the  Phoenix  in  Drury-lane  ; and  printed  40. 
Lond.  1631.  This  Play  was  adopted  by  One 
Hugh  Terry,  and  by  him  fent  to  the  Prefs,  and 
dedicated  to  his  Honoured  Friend  Mr.  Richard 
Kilvert. 

How  a Man  may  chufe  a Good  Wife  from  a 
Bad ; a pleafant  conceited  Comedy,  fundry 
times  ailed  by  the  Earl  of  Worcefter  s Servants; 
and  printed  4 °.  Lond.  1634.  The  Story  of  An- 
felme’s  laving  of  Young  Arthur’s  Wife,  by  tak- 
ing her  out  of  the  Grave,  and  carrying  her  to 
his  Mother’s  Houle,  is  the  Subjeit  of  other 
Ll  3 Plays ; 


554  An  Account  of  the 

Plays  : and  fuch  a Story  is  related  in  feveral 
Kovels  ; fee  the  9.  Nov.  of  the  P leaf  ant  Com- 
panion (printed  oitavo  Lond.  1684. ) call’d  Love 
in  the  Grave.  But  the  Novel  which  I take  to 
be  the  foundation  of  this  Play,  is  in  Cynthio 
Giraldi , Dec.  3.  Nov.  y. 

1 

Jacob  and  Efau , an  Interlude  mentioned  in 
former  Catalogues,  which  I never  law;  tho’ 
’tis  eafy  to  guefs  that  ’tis  founded  on  Scripture 
Story ; fee  Genejis  Ch.  xy,  2 .6,  <&c.  See  befides 
Jofephus  Lib.  1.  Tornetti  Annals,  fee. 

Jack  Drums  Entertainment , or  The  Comedy 
of  Taj  quit  and  Katherine  ; fundry  times  ailed 
by  the  Children  of  Paul's,  and  printed  of. Lond. 
1616.  tSM.ammon\  poyfoning  Katherine's  Face, 
-relembles  the  Ufage  of  Demagoras  to  Earthen iat 
in  Argalus  and  Parthenia. 

Jacf  Juggler,  filled  a Comedy  by  Old  Cata- 
logues ; of  which  (having  never  leen  it)  I can 
give  no  Account. 

Jack  Straw's  Life  and  Death , a Notable  Re- 
bel in  England  ; who  was  killed  in  Smith-fields 
by  the  Lord  Mayor  of  'London  : printed  quarto 
Lond.  15-93.  This  Play',  I know  not  lor  what 
realon,  is  divided  into  but  four  Ails.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  the  Englijh  Chronicles,  as  Pol.  Kirgil, 
HoUinglhead. ’ Stow , Speed. ’ fyc.  in  the  Reign  of 
King  Richard  the  Second. 

James  the  Fourth , a Hillory  mentioned  in 
former  Catalogues,  which  I never  faw;  but  I 
fuppofe  the  Play  is  founded  on  the  Story  of  the 
King  of  Scotland  of  that  Name. 

Jero- 


Drumstick  Poets.  535 

Jeronymo,  the  Firftpart ; with  the  Wars  of 
Portugal , or  The  Sparufh  Tragedy  ; containing 
the  Life  and  Death  of  2>on  Andraa  : a Tra- 
gedy, printed  40.  Lond.  1 605-. 

Jeronymo  is  mad  again , or  The  Spanifh  Tra- 
gedy; containing  the  Lamentable  End  of  T). Ho- 
ratio, and  Bettimperin  ; with  the  pittiful  Death 
of  Jeronymo : printed  quarto  Lond.iGxi.  This 
Play  has  been  divers  times  a£ted,  and  feveral 
Lines  have  been  quoted  out  of  it,  by  feveral 
Authors ; as  thofe  may  fee  that  will  read  over 
Every  man  ia  his  Humour , Bird  in  a Cage , Love 
will  find  out  the  way,  <&c. 

Impatient  Poverty , {tiled  a Comedy  by  fome 
Catalogues.  This  Play  I never  faw. 

Imperial  Tragedy  ; taken  out  of  a Latin  Play, 
and  very  much  altered,  by  a Gentleman  for  his 
own  DiverGon;  who  on  the  importunity  of 
Friends,  confented  to  have  it  publifhed,  but 
without  his  Name:  Becaufe  many  (fays 
he  ) do  cenfure  Plays  according  to  their  Opi- 
nion of  the  Author.  This  Play  was  printed 
Fol.LeW.166p.  and  has  been  a<5ted  (if  I miftake 
not)  at  the  Nurfery  in  Barbican.  For  the  Story, 
fee  cZMarceUinus , and  Cajfiodorus,  in  their  Chro- 
nicles concerning  Zenon.  See  befides  Zonaras9 
Bdronius,  Godeau , tfyc. 

Interlude  of  Touth , an  Old,  Serious,  Infini- 
tive Piece*,  written  in  Verfe,  and  printed  at 
London  in  quarto,  in  an  Old  Character:  As  to 
the  Date  hereof,  or  the  Title-page,  I am  igno- 
rant, mine  being  loft. 

John  the  Evangelifi,  a Piece  which  I never 
faw. 

LI  4 > 


5 1 6 Ah  Account  of  the  ~ 

Jofeph’s  Afflictions , another:  tho’  the  Title- 
page  of  both  fhew  the  Subject  Divine. 

Jovial  Crew,  or  The  ‘Devil  turned  Ranter  ; 
an  Interlude  which  I never  faw;  tho’ being 
mentioned  in  Mr.  Kirkman' s Catalogue,  I could 
not  omit  it. 

K.  . 

King  and  Queens  Entertainment  at  Rich- 
mond, after  their  Departure  from  Oxford  ; in 
a Mafque prefented by  the  mojl  Illujtyious  Prince , 
Triuce  Charles,Sept.i2. 1636,  printed  4 °.Lond, 
1 63  6.  and  dedicated  to  the  Majefly  of  the  Queen 
of  Great  Britain,  by  a Copy  of  Verfes  of  Ten 
Lines.  The  Occafion  of  the  Mafque  w&s  the 
Queen’s  Defire  to  fee  the  Trine e ( not  much  a- 
bove  fix  Years  of  Age)dance.  The  Dances  were 
compos’d  by  Simon  Hopper  ;jthe  Mufick  by  Mr. 
Charles  Hopper : and  the  parts  of  the  Captain 
and  Druya,  were  a£ted  fo  well  by  the  then  Ld. 
Buckhurjl,  and  Mr.  Edward  Sackyile,  that  it 
proved  that  Genuine  A&ion  was  not  fo  much 
confined  to  the  Stage,  but  that  a Gentleman 
might  reach  it,  if  not  tranfeend  it. 

Knackjoow  to  know  an  Honejl  Man , a Comedy 
which  I could  never  meet  with. 

Knatfhow  to  know  a Knave,  a molt  pleafant 
and  merry  Corned y,fundry  times  play’d  by  Edw. 
Allen  i with  Kemp' s Applauded  Merriments  of 
the  Men  of  Gotepam , in  Receiving  the  King 
into  Gpteham : printed  quarto  Lond.ip 94.  The 
Serious  part  of  this  Play  is  the  Story  of  King 
Edgar,  Ethenwald  xnAAlfreda.  See  Malmef 
pury,  ToIKirgiljfFaJfingham , Grafton,  Stow, 


Vr  tint  stick  Poets.  537 

The  Play  is  printed  in  Old  Black  Letter,  and 
lays  open  the  Vices  of  the  Age,  being  deteiled 
lay  Honeffcy. 

Knave  in  grain fie  w vampt;  a Comedy  ailed  at 
the  Fortune , many  Days  together,  with  great 
applaufe;  and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1640.  This 
Play  has  given  Subject  to  the  late  Novels,  as 
Juno’s  Cheating  his  Drunken  Guefls  (Ail  3 d) 
is  repeated  by  Kirkman , in  the  Third  part  of 
the  Fngltjh  Rogue  Ch.  13.  His  Cheating  the 
Countryman  ot  the  piece  of  Gold,  Ail  yth  is  re- 
vived in  the  Account  of  the  laid  Froft  1684.  in 
o'ilavo  p.  4 6. 

Knavery  in  all  Trades , or  The  Coffee-Houfe  ; a 
Comedy  ailed  in  the  Chrijlmas  Holy-days,  by 
feveral  Apprentices  with  great  Applaufe; 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1664.  I know  not  with 
what  Applaufe  it  might  be  ailed  privately; 
but  I prefume  it  would  not  meet  with  Succefs 
on  the  Stage  in  2 Jorfet  Garden , nay  nor  in  the 
Nurfery,  for  I can  find  no  Plot  in  it. 

L. 

Lady  Alimony , or  The  Alimony-Lady  ; an  Ex- 
cellent pleafant  Comedy ; duly  autho riled,  dai- 
ly ailed,  and  frequently  followed : printed  40. 
Lond.  16}  9. 

Late  Revolution , or  The  Happy  Change ; a 
Tragi-comedy  ailed  throughout  the  Englijh 
Dominions,  m the  Year  1688.  Written  by  a 
Perfon  of  Quality,  and  printed  Lond.  1690. 
This  Play  begins  from  the  Birth  of  the  late 
Prince  of  IVales , to  the  Arrival  of  Our  prefent 


5$  S Ah  Account  of  the 

Majefly  at  Exeter  ; and  concludes  the  whole 
Cataftrophe  of  our  late  Affairs. 

Laws  of  Nature , a Play  which  I never  faw. 
Levellers  levelled ' or  The  Independents  Con- 
f piracy  to  root  out  Monarchy  ; an  Interlude  writ- 
ten by  c SMercurius  Tragmaticus ; printed  quarto 
164*7.  Who  this  Author  is,  under  this  Dif- 

fuife,  I know  not : but  ’tis  eafy  to  difeover 
im  a Royalijl , by  his  Dedication  to  King 
Charles  the  Second;  and  an  Enemy  to  Lilly, 
the  Almanack-maker,  whom  he  lafhes  under 
the  Name  of  Or  lotto. 

Liberality  and  Trodigality , a Comedy  which 
I can  give  no  Account. 

Lingua,  or  The  Combat  of  the  Tongue , and  the 
Five  Senfes  for  Superiority  ; a plealant  Comedy, 

printed  quarto  Lond. Mr.  JVinflanley 

fays,  That  the  late  Ufurper  Oliver , ailed  the 
part  of  La&us,  in  Cambridge , which  firfl  in- 
fpired  him  with  Ambition : See  his  Account 
of  Ant.  Brewer,  to  whom  ( through  miftake  ) 
he  aferibes  this  Play, 

London  Chanticleers , a Witty  Comedy,  full 
of  Various  and  Delightful  Mirth ; often  ailed 
with  great  applaufe,  and  printed  quarto  Lond. 
165-9.  This  Play,  or  rather  Interlude,  for  ’tis 
not  divided  into  Ails,  is  of  the  Bafle  Comedy, 
writ  by  the  French  ; the  Scene  lying  entirely 
amongfl  Perfons  of  the  lowefb  Rank. 

Look  about  you,  a pleafant  Comedy,  played 
by  the  Right  Honourable,  the  Lord  High  Ad- 
mirals  Servants,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1600. 
For  the  Hillorical  part,  fee  the  Chronicles  in 
the  Reign  of  King  Henry  the  Second ; viz ■ Tol. 
V'trgSpeed,  Baker, Daniel, &c.  Love 


Dramatick  Poets.  $39 

Love  in  its  Extafie , or  The  large  Prerogative  ; 
a kind  of  Royal-Tajioral,  written  long  lince  by 
a Gentleman  [fuppofed  by  yix.Kirk.fnan,  I know 
not  on  what  ground,  to  be  One  Teaps\  Student 
at  Eaton ; and  printed  quarto  Lond.  1 649.  The 
Author  was  not  feven teen  Years  of  Age  when 
this  was  writ ; on  which  Account  I think  the 
Play  may  pafs  Muller,  with  others  of  thole 
Times. 

Lojl  Lady , a Tragi-comedy,  which  I never 
read,  or  faw  but  once,  and  which  I remember 
was  printed  in  Folio. 

Love  a-la-mode , a Comedy  a6led  with  great 
applaufe,  at  Middlefex  Houfe ; written  by  a 
Perfon  of  Honour,  and  printed  4°.  Lond.  1663. 
This  Play  is  juftified  by  the  Author, in  his  Pre- 
face, and  ufhered  into  the  World  by  three  Co- 
pies of  Verles ; nor  is  the  Play  altogether  un- 
defervmg  Commendation. 

Luminalia,  or  The  Fejlival  of  Light ; per- 
lonated  in  a Mafque  at  Court,  by  the  Queen’s 
Majelly  and  Her  Ladies,  on  Shrove-Tuefday 
Night  163  7.  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1637.  The 
Famous  Mr.  Inigo  Jones,  Surveyor  of  Her  Ma- 
jelly’s  Works,  had  a Hand  in  the  Contrivance 
of  this  Mafque,  by  Her  Majelly ’s  Command. 
The  Invention  conlilling  of  Darknefs  and 
Light:  the  Night  prefented  the  firll  Anti- 
mafque,  and  the  Subject  of  the  Main-mafque, 
is  Light.  But  for  the  clearer  Information  of 
the  Reader,  I refer  him  to  the  Malque  it  felf. 

M 

idManhood  and kVifdom,  a Play  mentioned  by 

other 


54®  Account  of  the 

other  Authors,  of  which  I(  can  give  no  Ac- 
count, never  having  feen  it. 

dMarcas  Tullius  Cicero , that  Famous  Ro- 
man Orator,  his  Tragedy;  printed  quarto 
Lond.  i6?i.  I know  not  whether  ever  this  Play 
was  ailed;  but  it  feems  to  me  to  be  written  in 
Imitation  of  Ben.  Johnfon'%  Cataline.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  Tlutarch  in  his  Life : See  likewife  his 
own  Works,  Hft-  Ciceroniana,  Lambin ; as  al£b 
Dion,  Appian,  <jyc. 

CMarrtage  of  IVit  and  Science , an  Interlude 
which  I never  law. 

Mafque  of  Flowers;  prefented  by  the  Gentle- 
men of  Grays -Inn,  at  the  Court  at  IV hit  eh  all, 
in  the  B anquetting-houfe  upon  Twelfth-Night 
163 1.  Being  the  lalfc  of  the  Solemnities  and 
Magnificences  which  were  performed  at  the 
Marriage  of  the  Right  Honourable,  the  Earl 
of  Sommer fet,  and  the  Lady  Frances , Daughter 
of  the  Earl  of  Suffolk , Lord  Chamberlain ; 
printed  40.  Lond.  1614.  This  Mafque  is  dedi- 
cated to  Sir  Francis  Bacon , Attorney  General 
to  King  fames  the  Firit. 

tSUajfenello , (but  rightly  Tomafo  Amello  di 
Malfa , General  of  the  Neapolitans ) his  Tragedy  ; 
or  The  Rebellion  of  Naples  : printed  in  oitavo 
Lond.  1631.  This  Play  was  written  by  a 
Gentleman,  who  was  an  Eye-witnels  where 
this  was  really  ailed,  upon  that  Bloody  Stage, 
the  Streets  of  Naples , An.  D.  i6^.q.  ’Tis  dedi- 
cated to  John  CaJ'ar , of  Hyde -Hal fin  the  Coun- 
ty of  Hertford  Efquire,  by  his  Kinfinan  T.  B. 
the  Publifher.  For  the  Plot,  or  rather  the  Hi- 


ftory, 


read 


Alexander  Giraffi'%  Hillory 


of  Na- 


Vramatick  Poets.  541 

pies,  tranflated  by_7.  Howell:  See  befides  Da 
Kerdier  Hiftoire  Univerfelle , <fyc. 

tJMercurius  Britannicus , or  The  Englijb  In- 
telligencer ; a Tragi-comedy  adled  at  Taris  with 
great  applaufe,  printed  1641.  The  Subjedt  of 
this  Play  is  about  the  Bufinefs  of  Ship-money ; 
the  judges  being  arraign’d  under  feigned 
Names : as  for  Example,  Jullice  Hutton,  is 
called  Hortenjius ; and  Jullice  Cook , Corvus  Aci- 
hus:  Trin  is  alfo  introduced  under, the  Name 
of  Trinner.  There  are  but  Four  Adis,  and  of 
the  Fifth,  the  Epilogue  gives  the  following 
Account.  * It  is  determined  by  the  <y£dils,  the 

* Miftrefs  of  publick  Plays,  that  the  next  Day 

* (by  Jove’s  Permiffion)  the  Fifth  Adi  fhall  be 
‘adled  upon  Tyber ; I Ihould  fay  Tyburney  by  a 

* New  Society  of  Abalamites.  rive  le  Roy. 

dMerry  Devil  of  Edmonton,  a Comedy  acted 
fundry  times  by  his  Majelly’s  Servants,  at  the 
Globe  on  the  Bank-fide,  and  printed  40.  Lond. 
i6?y.  This  Play  is  faid  by  Kirkrmn , to  be 
writ  by  Shake/pear ; tho'  finding  no  Name  to 
it,  I have  plac’d  it  among/!  thole  that  are  Ano- 
nymous. This  Play'is  founded  on  the  Hillory 
of  One  Teter  Fabel , of  whom  fee  Fuller’s  Wor- 
thies vn  Middle fex,  p.  i8tf.  See  other  chro- 
nicles in  the  Reign  of  Henry  the  Sixth.  . 

dooming  Ramble , or  The  Town  Humours  ; 
a Comedy  adled  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  printed 
40.  Lond.\6-\i.  This  Play  is  faid  to  be  written 
by  One  Mr.  Tane,  and  may  be  accounted  a good 
Comedy. 

dMucedorus , the  King’s  Son  of  Valencia,  and 
Amadine  the  King’s  Daughter  of  Arragon;  with 

the 


42  An  Account  of  the 

the  Merry  Conceits  ofMoufe : a Comedy  ailed 
by  his  Highnefs’s  Servants  at  the  Globe, and  be* 
fore  the  King’s  Majefty  at  Whitehall  on  Shrove - 
Tuefday  Night;  printed^.0.  1668.  This  Play 
is  laid  by  former  Catalogues  to  have  been  writ 
by  Shakjefpear ; and  was,  I prefume,  printed  be- 
fore this  Edition.  It  has  been  frequently  the 
Diverfion  of  Country-people,  in  Chriflmas 
Time. 

(Jftfufe  of  New-market,  containing  Three 
Drolls ; viz.  Merry  Milkmaids  0/Hlington,  or 
The  Rambling  Gallants  defeated:  Love  lojl  in  the 
ID  ark,  or  the  Drunken  Couple : Politick^  Whore, 
or  The  Conceited  Cuckold:  ailed  at  Nevo-ma.rk.ety 
and  printed  quarto  Lond. 1681.  All  thefe  Three 
Drolls  are  llollen  (as  I remember)  from  Plays : 
but  not  having  them  by  me,  I cannot  tell  the 
particulars. 

Miflaken  Beauty,  or  The  Lyar ; a Comedy 
ailed  by  their  Ma jellies  Servants,  at  the  The- 
atre-Royal, printed  quarto  Lond  1685-.  This 
Comedy  is  tranflated  from  a Play  of  T.  Cor- 
neilles, call’d  Le  Menteur. 

N. 

Nerds  Tragedy , printed  Lond.  in  quarto; 
This  Play  was  in  former  Catalogues  call’d  Ne- 
ro newly  written ; becaufe  ’twas  writ  after  that 
of  Claudius  Tiberius  Nero  ; which  through 
Rirkman’s  want  of  Knowledge  in  Hillory,  he 
call’d  Nerds  Life  and  Death : which  led  me 
into  the  fame  Millake,  till  I came  to  read  both 
Plays.  I know  not  when  either  of  them  were 
printed  or  when  printed,  the  Title-pages  of 


Dramatick  Poets.  543 

both  my  Plays  being  wanting.  For  the  Hifto- 
ry  of  cDomitius  Nero ; confult  Suetonius  in  Vit. 
Neronis  Aurelius  VtBor.  Tacitus,  Sulpitius  Se- 
ver us,  Auguftinus  de  Civil.  T)ei,  Eufebius , foe. 

New  Cujlom , an  Interlude  no  lefs  witty  ( if 
we  believe  the  Title-page)than  pfeafant;  print- 
ed in  a Black  Letter,  quarto  Lond.xyyi.  This 
Play  is  fo  contriv’d,  that  Four  Perfons  may  a6t 
it;  and  the  Defign  of  it  is  againft  Topery , and 
to  juflify  Reformation , which  then  flourilhed  in 
Queen  Elizabeth’s  Reign.  This  Play  confifts 
of  3.  A6ts,  but  is  written  in  Verfe  throughout : 
lo  that  had  Mr.  Dryden  ( *)  ever  feen  this  Play, 
he  might  better  have  quoted  it  than  Gondibert^ 
(which  befides  being  writ  feventeen  Years  be- 
fore this,  is  not  in  Rime  ) to  prove  the  Anti- 
quity of  Verfe. 

New-markfit  Fair , a Tragi-comedy  in  Two 
parts ; the  Firfb  of  which  I never  faw : but  the 
Second  part  I have  by  me,  and  the  Title  of  it 
is,  New -market  Fair,  or  Mijlref  Tar  It  aments 
New  Figaries ; written  by  the  Man  in  the 
Moon , and  printed  at  Toumaygo  look,  in  quarto 
1543.  The  Defign  of  it  is  to  expole  the  Rebels 
then  in  power. 

Nice  Wanton,  a Comedy,  which  I never  faw. 

' No  Body,  and  Some  Body  ; with  the  true 
Chronicle  Hjftory  of  Ely  dure,  who  was  fortu- 
nately three  fever al  times  crown'd  King  of  Eng- 
land: a6led  by  the  Qjeen’s  Majefties  Servants, 
and  printed  quarto  Lond. — For  the  Hiftorical 
part  of  this  Play  , confult  Grafton,  Hollingfbead \ 
Pol  Virgil, Lloyd, &c . ’ Tis  not  divided  into  A 61s . 

T)  liivnl  Ltdio 


0/d 


544  din  Account  of  the 

0. 

OldJVives  Tale , a Play  of  which  I can  fltjr 
nothing,  having  never  feen  it. 

Orlando  Furiofo , One  of  the  Twelve  Peers  of 
France,  his  Hijlory : ailed  before  the  Queens 
Ma jelly,  and  printed  quarto  Lond.  13-94-  This 
Play  is  not  divided  into  Ails  ; but  is  founded 
upon  the  Epick  Poem  of  Ariojlo , fo  called,  and 
tranflated  into  Englfk  by  Six  John  Harrington. 

Tajlor  Ftdo , or  The  Faithful  Shepheard;  a 
Paftoral,  tranflated  out  of  Italian  into  Englifh , 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1602.  This  was  the  firfl 
Verfion  of  the  Famous  Guarini  into  Englijh ; 
and  was  Excellent  for  thofe  Times.  The  Au- 
thor, tho’  his  Name  be  unknown,  was  nearly 
related  to  Sir  Edward  Detnock , Queen  Eliza- 
beth's Champion ; to  whom  after  the  Author’s 
Deceale,  the  Bookleller  dedicated  it. 

Tathomachia , or  The  Battle  of  Affe Elions y 
Jhadowed  by  a Feigned  Siege  of  the  City  Patho- 
polis  : printed  quarto  Lond.  16^0.  This  Play 
was  written  lome  Years  before ; and  publilhed 
by  Fr.  Conjlable , a Friend  of  the  Deceas’d  Au- 
thor’s, and  by  him  dedicated  to  the  Lord 
Hundfdon.  This  is  the  fame  Play  with  that  call- 
ed Love's  Loadftone. 

Tatient  Grijfel , a Comedy,  (Iky  ancient  Au- 
thors) which  tho’  I never  law,  I prefume  is 
founded  on  that  Famous  Story  in  Boccacio,  I 
mean  the  lafl  Novel  in  his  Book. 

Tedlars 


Drumatick  Poets.  54$ 

Tedlers  Prophecy , a Comedy,  mentioned  in 
former  Catalogues,  of  which  I can  give  no 
Account. 

Philotus , a very  Excellent  and  Deledtable  Co- 
medy ( as  we  are  told  in  the  Preface  ) wherein 
we  may  perceive  the  great  Inconveniencies 
that  fall  out  in  the  Marriage  between  Old  Age, 
and  Youth.  This  Play  is  printed  at  Edinburgh , 
in  an  Old  Black  Letter,  An.  Dom.  1611.  Some 
People  have  miftaken  this  Play  for  Daniel's 
T 'htlot as  ; but  this  is  of  a different  Subjedt,  and 
kind  of  Verfe,  and  is  printed  in  Stanzas. 

Tinder  of  Wakefield \ a Comedy,  which  I 
have  once  feen ; printed  in  40.  (as  I remember) 
Lond.  1632..  or  thereabouts. 

Tifo’s  Confpiracjy  a Tragedy  adled  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre ; printed  op. Lond.  1676.  This 
Play  is  only  the  Tragedy  of  JVero  (before  men- 
tion’d) Reviv’d,  and  printed  verbatim.  For  the 
Plot,  fee  Suetonius , Tacitus , fyc. 

Presbyterian  Lajh,ox  Nodi roffe ’s  Maid  vehipt; 
a Tragi-comedy,  adted  in  the  Great  Room  at  the 
Tye  Tavern  at  Algate , by  No&roff  the'Priefl, 
and  feveral  of  his  Parifhioners,  at  the  Eating 
of  a Chine  of  Beef.  The  Firfl:  part  printed  for 
the  ule  of  Mx.NoElrojfe'%  F riends.  This  Play  is 
dedicated  to  Mr. Zach.Nofiroffe,  by  F.K.  which 
I take  to  be  Fr.Kirkynan.  I know  not  whether 
ever  there  were  a Second  part  extant,  or  no. 

Tromifes  of  Godmanifefied this  I never  faw. 

Trotnus  and Caffandra , in  Two  parts.  Thefe 
are  mention’d  in  other  Catalogues,  though  I 
can  give  no  Account  of  either. 

M m Sfieen, 


6 An  Account  of  the 


Queen,  ox  The  Excellency  of  her f ex ; an  Ex- 
cellent Old  Play,  found  out  by  a Perfon  of  Ho- 
nour, and  given  to  the  Publisher,  Alexander 
Goughe  ; printed  40.  Lond.  16^3.  This  Play  is 
dedicated  by  him  to  the  Lady  Katherine  Mo- 
hm , Wife  to  Lord  Warwick  Mohun , Baron  of 
Qakehampton.  This  Publifher  is  applauded  by 
two  Copies  of  Verfes  before  the  Play.  The 
Plot  of  Salajfds  Swearing  Velafco  not  to  fight, 
is  founded  on  a Novel,  faid  to  be  Bandellos, 
■which  the  Reader  may  perufe  in  Les  Dixhuit 
Hijtoires  Tragicques,par  Fr.  De  Belief  or  eft,  8a. 
Nov.  13.  p.  2.8y. 

R. 

Rampant  Alderman , or  News  from  the  Ex- 
change ; a Farce,  printed  quarto  Lond.  i68y. 
This  Farce  is  patcht  up  out  of  feveral  Plays, 
as  Fme  Companion , &c. 

Reformation , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Duke  s 
Theatre,  and  printed  40.  Lond.  1673.  This 
Play  is  afcribed  to  Mr.  Arrovofmith ; and  is  a 
very  good  Comedy. 

Rehearfal , a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Theatre- 
Royal  ; printed  [4th  Edit.]  quarto  Lond.  1683. 
This  Play  is  alcribed  to  the  Late  Duke  of 
'Buckingham,  and  will  ever  be  valued  by  Inge- 
nious Men.  There  are  fome  who  pretend  to 
furnifii  a Clavis  to  it ; my  Talent  not  lying  to 
Politicks,  I know  no  more  of  it,  than  that  the 
Author  lafhes  feveral  Plays  of  Mr.  “Dry den ; as 

Con - 


Dramatick  Poets.  547 

Cmquejl  of  Granada , Tyramcf  Love , Love  in  a 
Nunnery ; and.  fome  paflages  of  other  Plays  ; 
as  The  Siege  of  Rhode s,  Virgin  Widow , Slighted 
Maid. ',  Villain , Englijh  TMonJieur , fyc. 

Religious  Rebel,  a Tragi-comedy  in  quarto, 
which  I have  only  once  feen , but  can  give  no 
Account  of. 

Return  from  VarnaJJ'us , or  The  Scourge  of  Si- 
mony; a Comedy  publickly  ailed  by  the  Stu- 
dents of  St.Johris  Colledge  in  Cambridgey>rint- 

ed  quarto  Lond- In  this  Play,  the  Poets 

of  thofe  times  are  cenfured : and  this  * is  the 
Original  of  Dr.  Wild'*-,  Benefice,  which  is  now 
in  print. 

Revenge,  or  A Match  in  Neve-gate  ; a Come- 
dy ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and  printed 
quarto  Lond.  1680.  This  Play  is  afcribed  to 
Mrs.  Behn  ; but  is  indeed  a Play  of  Marfloris 
revived,  and  called  The  lJutcb  Curtezan. 

Rivals , a Tragi-comedy  in  quarto,  which  at 
prefent  I have  not ; but  have  heard  Mr.  Cade- 
man,  for  whom  ( as  I think  ) it  was  printed, 
fay  it  was  writ  by  Sir  Will.  TV Avenant. 

Robin  Hood's  ‘Taft oral  May  Games  ; which  I 
know  not. 

Robin  Hood,  and  his  Crew  of  Souldiers ; of 
the  fame  Stamp,  and  which  I never  faw. 

Romulus  and  Herfilia,  or  The  Sabine  War; 
a Tragedy  ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre,  and 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1683.  For  the  Plot,  fee 
Livy,  lib.  x.  Ovidii  Met.  lib.  14.  Tint,  in  Vit.Ro- 
muli ; Floras  fDionyfius  Hallicarnajfccus, Velleius 
Vaterculus,  Eutrop.  &c. 

Royal  MaJ'que  at  Hampton-Court,  prefented 
Mm  % .on 


548  An  Account  of  the 

on  Sunday  Night,  being  the  Eighth  of  January 
1604..  and  perfonated  by  the  Queen’s  Moft  Ex- 
cellent Majefty;  attended  by  Eleven  Ladies  of 
Honour;  panted  quarto  Lond.  1604. 

Royal  Hoy  age,  or  The  Irilh  Expedition  ; a 
Tragi-comedy,printed  quarto  Lond.  16 go.  The 
Subject  of  this  Play  is  known  by  the  Title. 

s. 

Sahnacida  Spolia , a Mafque  prefented  by  the 
King  and  Queen’s  Majefties,  at  Whitehall  on 
Tuefday,  the  2ift  of  January  1639.  and  printed 
quarto  Lond.  163 9.  The  Invention,  Orna- 
ment, Scenes,  and  Machines,  with  their  De- 
fcriptions,  were  made  by  Mr.  Inigo  Jones , Sur- 
veyor General  of  His  Ma  jelly’s  Works.  What 
was  fpoken,  or  fung,  by  Sir  Will.  £>’ Avenant ; 
and  the  Mulick  was  compos’d  by  Mr.  Lewis 
Richard ' Mailer  of  Her  Majefties  Mulick. 

Sicelides , a Tifcatory , ailed  in  Kings  Colledge 
in  Cambridge ; and  printed  quarto  Lond.  163 1. 
The  Serious  parts  of  this  Play,  are  moft  writ 
in  Verfe;  with  Chorus’s  between  the  Ails. 
ferindus , telling  to  ArmiUus  the  Story  of  Glau- 
cus,  Scylla,  and  Circe,  Ail  1.  Sc.  4.  is  taken  from 
Ovids  Met.  lib.  13.  Atycbus  fighting  with,  and 
killing  the  Ork,  that  was  to  have  devoured 
Olynda , is  an  Imitation  of  Perfeus  & Andro- 
meda, Ovid.  Met.  lib.  4.  or  elfe  Orlando  Furiofo , 
Book  eleventh. 

Shoemaker  s Holy  day,  or  The  Gentle -Craft ; 
with  the  Humorous  Life  of  Simon  Eyre,  Shoo- 
rrnker,  and  Lord  Mayor  of  London:  a Comedy 

ailed 


Drumstick  Poets.  549 

ailed  before  theQueen’s  mofl  Excellent  Majefly, 
on  New-Year’s  Day  at  Night,  by  the  Right  Ho- 
nourable the  Earl  of  Nottingham , Lord  High 
Admiral  his  Servants  *,  printed  40.  Lond.  165^. 
This  Play  is  dedicated,  To  all  Good  Fellows, 
Profeflors  of  the  Gentle-Craft , of  what  Degree 
foever.  For  the  Plot,  I can  direil  you  to  no 
other,  but  the  Book  of  the  Gentle-Craft , in 
Quarto. 

Siege  of  Conftantinople,  a Tragedy  ailed  at 
the  Duke’s  Theatre  ; and  printed  quarto  Lond 
1 6qy.  For  the  Plot  fee  Chalcocondylas , Con- 
fiantinopolis  a Mahammada , Secund.  Expugnaia. 

‘ Tauhs-Jovius , Hen.  Tan  tale  on,  Knolles , &c. 

Sir  Clyomon,  Knight  of  the  Goledn-Jhield \ Son 
to  the  King  of  Denmark  ; and  Clamydes , the 
White  Knight , Son  to  the  King  e/’Swavia,  {both 
Valiant  Knights')  their  Hiftory : printed  quart© 
Lond.  is 99-  This  Play  is  written  in  Old  Fa- 
Ihion’d  Verfe,  and  is  very  heavy  in  Reading. 

Sir  Gyles  Goofe-capne,  Knight ; a Comedy 
ailed  with  great  applaufe,  at  the  Private-houfe 
in  Salisbury  Court ; printed  quarto  Lond.  6^6, 
and  dedicated  by  the  Publilher  Hugh  Terry , to 
Rich.  Young  Efq;  of  IV ooley-Farm,  in  the  Coun- 
ty of  Berks. 

Sir  Salomon,  or  The  Cautious  Coxcomb ; a 
Comedy  ailed  at  his  Royal  Highnefs  the  Duke 
of  Torkj  Theatre ; printed  op  .Lond.  1671.  This 
Play  is  Originally  trench , being  a Tranflation 
from  Moliere’ s Id Ec ole  des  Femmes . It  was 
tranflated  (as  I have  heard)  by  John  Car  ell  s 
and  own’d  in  the  Epilogue  as  a Tranflation. 

Mm  j What 


55©  An  Account  of  the 

What  we  have  brought  before  you  was  not  meant 
For  a New  Tlayfbut  a new  Tre  cedent ; 

For  we  with  modefty  our  Theft  avow , 

( There  is  fome  ConJ'cience  fhew n in  Jiealing  too) 
And  openly  declare , that  if  our  Che  ere 
Doth  hit  your  Pafatesyoa  mujl  thank  Molliere. 


This  Play  was  frown’d  and  pelted  at,  (to  ufe 
the  Author’s  own  Expreflion)by  many  Perfons, 
who  thought  themfelves  Criticks : but  not- 
withflandmg  it  met  with  Succefs  in  the  Acti- 
on : And  the  Author  has  fufficiently  jollified 
his  Play,  in  his  La  Critique  de  L’Ecole  des 
Femmes , to  whom  I refer  the  Reader. 

Solyman  and  Perfeda , their  Tragedy ; wherein 
is  laid  open  Love’s  Confancy , Fortune’s  2 neon. - 
fancy , and  Death’s  Triumphs : printed  quarto 
Lond.  15-99.  This  Play,  I prefuine  was  never 
ailed,  neither  is  it  divided  into  Ails. 

Sophifer , a Comedy  printed  4°.  1 6 3 8.  I know 
not  where  this  was  ailed,  or  printedjthe  Title- 
page  of  my  Play  being  loft. 

Sfanifo  Bawd , reprefented  in  Celefina ; or 
Calif  0 and  Mehbea ; a Tragi- comedy,  wherein 
is  contained,  befides  the  Pleafantnefs  and 
Sweetnefs  of  the  Stile, many  Philofophical  Sen- 
tences, and  profitable  Inflruilions,  fit  for  the 
Younger  Sort : Shewing  the  Deceits  and  Sub- 
tilties  boufed  in  the  Bofbm  of  falfe  Servants, 
and  Cunny-catching  Bawds : printed  Fol.  Lond. 
ttfji.  This  Play  is  Originally  Spanifh,  and 
tranflated  into  Englijh  by  a Spaniard,  One  Don 
Diego  Tuede-fer ; and  by  him  dedicated  to  Sir 
Thomas  Richardfon : the  fame  Author  tranflated 


Dramatick  Poets.  551 

Miguel  de  Cervantes  his  Exemplary  Novels, 
Fol.  Lond.  1664.. 

Step-mother , a Tragi-comedy  a died  with 
great  applaufe,  at  the  Theatre  in  Little  Lin - 
coins- Inn- Fields,  by  his  Highnefs  the  Duke  of 
Pork's  Servants ; printed  quarto  Lond.  1664. 

Strange  Difcovery , a Tragi-comedy,  printed 
in  quarto.  I know  not  when  this  Play  was 
ailed,  or  where  printed,  mine  having  not  the 
Title-page : but  I know  very  well  that  both 
the  Plot  and  the  Language  is  borrowed  from 
Heliodorus  his  <j£thiopicT  Hiltory  ; which  I 
take  to  be  One  of  the  moll  Ancient  (if  not  the 
firll)  Romances  extant. 

Suf anna's  Tears , a Play  which  I never  law. 

Swetnam , the  Woman-hater , arraign'd  by  Wo- 
men ; a Comedy  ailed  at  the  Red-Bull,  by  the 
Queen’s  Servants ; and  printed  quarto  Lond. 
1620.  Tho’  this  Play  feems  defigned  chiefly 
us  a Scourge  for  Jofeph  Svoetnam's  Scandalous 
Pamphlet  againfl  the  Female  Sex,  called  The 
Arraignment  of  lewd \ idle^f toward^  and  uncon- 
ftant  W -man,  printed  quarto  Lond.  161 7.  Yet 
.the  Play  is  founded  on  Story  much  elder, which 
I have  read  in  Spanijh  in  Twelves,  and  is  In- 
titled,  Hiftoria  de  Aurelia , y Ifabella  Hija  del 
Rey  de  EJ'cotia , donde  fe  difputa  quien  da  mas  cc- 
cafion  de  peccar , el  Hombe  a la  muger , 0 la  muger 
al  Homber. 

T. 

Tempe  reJlored1  a Mafque  prefented  by  the 
Queen  and  Fourteen  Ladies,  to  the  King’s  Ma- 

Mm  4 jelly 


552  An  Account  of  the 

jelly  at  Whitehall ; on  Shrove-Tuefday  1 63 1.  and 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1631.  This  Mafque  is 
founded  on  the  Story  of  tree  : lee  Ovids  Me- 
tamorphofis , Book  14.  The  Verfes  were  writ 
by  Mr.  Aurelian  TownJ'end : The  Subjedl  and 
Allegory  c>t  the  Mafque,  with  the  Defcriptions 
and  Apparatus  of  the  Scenes,  were  invented 
by  Mr.  Inigo  Jones , Surveyor  of  His  Majeflies 
Works. 

Therfites , an  Interlude,  which  I never  faw. 

Torn  Efjence , or  The  Modijh  Wife ; a Co- 
medy a£led  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre  ; printed  40. 
Lond.  1677.  This  Play  is  founded  on  two 
French  Plays,  viz.  M oilier e’s  Sganarelle , ou  Le 
Cocu  Imaginaire  ; and  Tho.  Corneille's  D.  Co-Jar 
D'  Avalos , in  the  part  of  Love-alls  Intrigue 
with  Luce  : without  the  Reader  will  fuppofe 
that  he  follow’d  a Spanifo  Novel,  call’d  The 
Trapanner  trapannd : and  for  the  Bufinefs  of 
Tom  EJJ'ence  and  his  Wife,  copyed  Six  William 
D' Avenant's  Tlay-Houfe  to  he  Let , A£l  fifth, 
which  is  a Tranflation  from  the  former.  This 
Play  is  faid  to  be  writ  by  One  Mr.  Rawlins. 

Tiberius  ( Claudius  Nero  ) his  Tragical  Life 
and  Death  ; a Tragedy  in  quarto.  This  Play 
ufed  to  be  placed  under  the  Title  of  Nero’s 
Life  and  Death  ; which  made  People  miftake 
it  for  the  Life  of  Nero  C<efar , who  was  the 
Sixth  Emperour  of  Rome:  this  being  the 
Third,  I know  not  when  this  Play  was  print- 
ed, or  where  adled,  mine  wanting  the  Title- 
page  : blit  for  the  Plot,  read  Suetonius , Tacitus t 
Dion , Viltor , Eutropius , &c. 

Tom  Tyler , and  his  Wife ; an  Excellent  Old 

Play 


Dramatic!:  Poets.  555 

Play  ailed  about  a Hundred  and  thirty  Years 
ago,  and  printed  quarto  Lond.  1 66 r.  This  Play 
is  printed  in  an  Old  Engiijh  Letter,  and  is  writ 
in  a kind  of  Burlesk.  Verle,  where  the  Author 
affeils  an  odd  fort  of  Chiming,  in  the  middle 
of  each  Line.  The  Defign  of  the  Play,  is  to 
reprefentaShrew, and  teach  the  way  to  humble 
her.  The  Plot  of  this  Play  has  lome  Refem- 
blance  with  Mr.  Toifjons  Le  Sot  venge. 

Tray  tor  to  himfelfox  Mans  Heart  hisgreatejl 
Enemy ; a Moral  Interlude,  in  Heroick  Verfe; 
Reprefenting  the  Carelefs,Hard  ned, Returning, 
Defpairing,  and  Renewed  Heart : with  Inter- 
mafques  at  the  Clofe  of  each  feveral  Ail.  Ailed 
by  the  Boys  of  a Publick  School  at  a Breaking- 
up ; and  publifhed  fo  as  it  may  be  ufeful,on  the 
like  Occafion  : printed  Oxon.  1678.  I find  no- 
thing Remarkable  in  this  Play,  but  that  ’tis 
writ  without  Womens  parts;  which  the  Au- 
thor fays  he  never  thought  fit  to  put  on  Boys. 
I remdfnber  not  any  Play,  but  Plautus  his 
Captive: , that  is  thus  writ;  and  yet  notwith- 
flandmg  it  is  generally  accounted  an  Admirable 
Play. 

True  Trojans , or  Fuimus  Troes  ; being  a Sto- 
ry of  the  Britains  Valour  at  the  Romans  firfl 
Invafion : publickly  prefented  by  the  Gentle- 
men Students  of  Magdalen  Colledge  in  Oxford ; 
and  printed  quarto  Lond.  1 633.*  For  the  Plot 
or  Story,  the  Author  has  follow’d  Livy , lib.  3. 
Cafar’s  Commentaries , lib.  4.  jy  y,  and  Galfridus 
Monumetenjis , lib.  4.  as  you  may  fee  by  the  per- 
ufal  of  the  Drammatis  Perfona. 

Tryal  of  Chivalry;  a Play,  of  which  I can 

give 


554  -An  Account  of  the 

give  no  Account,  having  never  feen  it. 

Tryal of  Treafure ; a Play,  to  which  I am  as 
much  a nranger. 

Tunbridge  JVe  Us,  or  A 2) ays  Courtjhip;  a Co- 
medy ailed  at  the  Duke’s  Theatre, and  printed 
quarto  Load.  1678.  This  is  faid  (in  the  Title- 
page)  to  be  writ  by  a Perfon  of  Quality  : tho’ 

I have  been  told  it  was  writ  by  Mr.  Ravelins: 
But  whoever  was  the  Author,  ’tis  certainly 
inferiour  to  Epfom  WeUs , in  point  of  Humour 
and  Repartee. 

Tyrannical  Government , another  Play,  which 
I never  faw. 

u. 

Unfortunate  U fur  per,  a Tragedy,  printed  4°. 
j bond.  1663.  This  Play  is  dedicated  by  the  Au- 
thor (who  ever  he  was)  to  his  Honoured  and 
Highly  Efteemed  Friend,  Mr.  Edvcard  Umfre- 
ville.  Far  the  Plot,  ’tis  founded  on  Hilfory ; 
being  the  Story  of  Andronicus  Comnenus : See 
Glycas , Leunclaius , Choniates , Cantacufenus , Ni- 
cetas, Baronius,  <feyc.  This  Play  is  Ihort  of  that 
of  JViUforis  on  the  fame  Subjeil : but  in  the 
F ifth  Ail  Sc. 3 . there  is  a paralel  between  thofc 
Times  and  Ours,  in  Reference  to  the  Late  Re-  __ 
hellion ; which  I take  to  be  the  bell  thing  in 
the  Play. 

Ungrateful  Favourite , a Tragedy  written  by 
a PerTon  of  Hononr ; and  printed  quarto  Lond. 
1664.  The  Scene  of  this  Play  lies  in  Naples  ; 
but  in  what  King’s  Reign  this  happened,  I am 
not  able  to  guefs;  lb  that  whether  it  be  founded 
on  Romance  or  Hilfory,  1 leave  to  the  Enquiry 


Dramatick  Poets.  5 5 $ 

of  thofe  who  have  read  V andulpbus  CollenuPiius, 
jfov.  Font  anus,  Guicciardme,  or  others  Writers 
of  the  Affairs  of  Naples. 

IF. 

Framing  for  Fair  FFomen , a Tragedy,  con- 
taining the  mod  Tragical  and  Lamentable 
Murther  of  Mr  .George  Sanders , of  London,  Mer- 
chant, near  Shooters  Hill ; confented  unto  by 
his  own  Wife ; aded  by  Capt.  George  Brovonf 
Mrs  Drury,  and  Irufty  Roger,  Agents  therein, 
with  their  feveral  Ends.  This  Play  was  in 
Vogue  in  Queen  Elizabeth's  Time  : and  divers 
times  aded  by  the  Right  Honourable,  the  L4 
Chamberlain’s  Servants.  ’Tis  not  divided  in- 
to Ads,  and  full  of  Dumb-fhews,  according  to 
the  Mode  of  thofe  Times ; the  Prologue  and 
Epilogue , being  fpoken  by  Tragedy.  ’Tis 
printed  in  a Black  Letter  4°.  Lond.  15-99. 

JVealth  and  Health,  a Play  of  which  I can 
give  no  Account. 

IVeakejl  goes  to  the  Wall,  a Tragi-comedy 
played  fundry  times  by  the  Right  Honourable 
the  Earl  of  Oxenford,  Lord  Great  Chamberlain 
of  England's  Servants ; and  printed  40.  Lond. 
1618. 

JV tly  beguiled,  a pleafant  Comedy ; wherein 
the  Chifcfefl  Adors  be  thefe ; a Poor  Scholar, 
a Rich  Fool,  and  a Knave  at  a Shift : printed 
quarto  Lond.  16 

tVine,  Beer,  Ale,  and  Tobacco  contending  for 
Superiority  ; a Dialogue,  (tho’  in  other  Cata- 
logues filled  an  Interlude  ) printed  40.  Lond. 


5 5 6 An  Account  of  the 

IVifdom  of'Dr.Dodipolp.  Comedy  acted  by  the 
Children  or  Pauls ; and  printed  quarto  Lond. 
1600.  The  Earl  Cqfftmeere  s Friendfhip,  in 
marrying  Deformed  C ornelia,  and  Sharing  his 
Elfcate  with  her  Father  Flores.,  when  he  was 
in  Affliction,  and  Arrefled  by  the  Duke’s  Or- 
der, is  copy’d  from  Lucian  % Story  of  Zenothe- 
mis  and  Menecrates. 

JVits , or  Sport  upon  Sport ; a Collection  of 
Drolls  and  Farces,  prefented  at  Fairs  by  Strol- 
ing  Players  ; and  printed  lalt  Edition  oCtavo 
Lond \ 1 6’~y.  Theie  are  moll  of  them  taken 
out  of  the  Plays  of  Shakefpear,  Fletcher , Shirley , 
Marfton , <{yc.  There  is  a former  Edition,  that 
has  a Table  prefixed,  which  fhews  from  what 
Play  each  Droll  is  borrowed. 

IV it  of  a Woman,  a pleafant  merry  Comedy  ; 
printed  quarto  Lond.  1604..  Tho’  the  Author 
ftiles  it  lo,  I think  it  no  ways  anfwers  the 
Title. 

IVit  led  hy  the  Nofe,  ox  A Poet’s  Revenge  ; 
a Tragi-comedy  aCted  at  the  Theatre-Royal, 
and  printed  quarto  Lond.  The  greaterf 

part  of  this  Play  ( except  a Scene  or  two  ) is 
ftollen  from  Chamberlains  Love's  Vi  Story. 

PV yntan  turn'd  Bully , a Comedy  aCtea  at  the 
Duke’s  Theatre;  and  printed  quarto  Lond.  16 yy. 
This  I take  to  be  a very  Diverting  Comedy. 


FINIS. 


An  Alphabetical 

INDEX  of  PL  AYS, 

Referring  to  the  Authors,  &c. 


a. 


ABdelazer.  18 

Abdicated  Prince 
SM 

Abrahams  Sacrifice.  Ib. 
Acolaftus.  400 

A£heon  and  Diana.  89 
Add  phi.  2^,173 
Adrafta.  28 

Adventures  of  $ hours. 
$°$ 

Agamemnon.  49;- 
Aglaura.  497 

Agrippa  K.  of  Alba.  98 
Alaham.  38 

Alarum  for  Lond.  s^S 
All  Fools.  ^8 

for  Love.  172 


miftaken.  2.76 

All’s  loll  by  Luff.  428 
All’s  well  that  ends 
well.  4 ss 

Albion.  s^S 


Albion  and  Alban.  tfi 
Albion’sT riumph.  szt 
Albertus  Wallenft.  232 
Albovine.  107 

Albumazar.  s^T 

Alchimifi.  287 

Alcibiades,  396 

Alexander  and  Campa- 
fpe.  328 

Alexand  r ianTragedy.  2 
Alphonfits  Emperour 
of  Germany.  s9 
Alphonfus  King  of  Ar- 
ragon.  5-18 

Amazon  Queen.  3-10 
Ambitious  Statefra.  pt 
Amboyna.  15-3 


for  Money.  3 34  Amends  fbrLadies.  198 


Amorous  Bigotte.  445- 
-Fantafm.  332 
-Gallant.  s 2^ 
-Old Woman.  Ib. 
Prince.  18 
Amo- 


An  Index  of  the  Play  s. 


Am  ou  rous  War.  337 
Atnynta.  98,224 
Andraea.  27,273 
Andromache.  91 
Andromana.  5-22 
Andronicus  Coma,  713 
Anthony  and  Cleopa- 
tra. 4^487 

Antigone.  363 

Antipodes.  37 

Antiquary.  346 

Antonio  & Melida.  348 
Antonius.  402 

Any  thing  for  a quiet 
Life.  371 

ApocryphalLadies.  392 
Apollo  Shro vi ng.  723 
Appiusand  Virg.  709 
Arcadia.  476 

Arden  of  Feverlh.  5-2 6 
Argalus  and  Parthe- 
thenia.  232 

Ariadne.  5-20 

Ariftippus.  414 

Arraignment  ol  Paris. 

S 26 

Arthur.  704 

Arviragus  and  Phil.  46 
As  you  like  it.  477 
Aflugnation.  174 
Aftraea.  71  1 

' Atheill:.  5-07,396 
Atheift’s Tragedy,  707 
Aurengzebe.  176 


B. 

Bail  476 

Band,  Ruff,  and 
Cuff  727 

Banditti.  179 

Bartholmew  Fair.  287 
Bafhful  Lover.  35-4 
Ballard.  727 

Battle  of  Alcazer.  Ib. 
Begger’sBulh.  207 
Bell  in  Campo.  392 
Bellamira  her  Dream. 

312 

Bellamira,  orTheMi- 
ftrels.  487 

Benefice.  71 1 

Bird  in  a Cage.  476 
Birth  of  Merlin.  4 66 
Black  Prince.  27 
Blazing  World.  392 
Blind  Begger  of  Alex- 
andria. 60 


Bli nd Begger  of  Bednal- 

Green. 

118 

Blind  Lady. 

276 

Bloody  Banquet. 

yi9 

Brother. 

207 

Duke. 

5-27 

Blurt  Mr.Conllab. 

371 

Bondman. 

374 

Bonduca. 

207 

Brazen  Age. 

260 

Brenoralt. 

498 

Bridals. 

392. 

Bride. 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Bride.  380 

Broken  Heart.  219 

Brothers.  4.83 

Brutus  of  Alba.  yoo 

Bury  Fair.  44 $ 

Bully  D’Amboyle.  60 


By  ron’sConlpiracy  and 
Tragedy.  61 

C. 

CAEfar  Borgia.  311 
Caefar&  Pomp.  62 
Csefar’s  Revenge,  ^27 
Caius  Marius.  397 
Califto.  92 

Cambyfes  K.  of  Perfia. 

440 

Captain.  107 

Cardinal.  483 

Carelcls  Lovers.  418 

Shepheardels.  234 

Carnival.  407 

Cafe  is  alter’d.  298 
Cataline’s  Confpiracy. 

288 

Chabot  Admiral  of 
France.  477 

Challenge  at  Tilt.  288 

— for  Beauty.  262 

Chances.  207 

Changes.  477 

Changling.  371 

Charles  the  Firfl.  y-28 

* >the  Eighth  of 

France.  92  s 


Chaffc  Maid  in  Cheap- 
fide.  371 

Cheats.  5-13 

of  Scapin.  397 

Chrill’s  Paffion.  437 
Chriftian  turn’d  Turk. 

117 

ChriftmafsMalque.  288 
Cicilia  and  Clorinda. 

, 312 

Cid.  431 

Circe.  1 1 6 

Citizen  turn’d  Gentle- 


man. 

City  Heirels. 

- — Madam. 

Match. 

— Night-cap. 

• Politicks. 

—Wit. 
Claricilla. 
Cleopatra. 
Cloridia. 
Clouds. 


422 

19 

3*4 
337 
116 

93 

U 

312 
10.1,363 
288 
490 


Cobler’s  Prophecy.  5-13 
Coelum  Britannicu.  43 
Colas  Fury.  41 

Combat  of  Caps.  y^8 

of  Love  and 

Friendfhip.  36/ 
Comedy  ofErrors.  4$-y 
Committee.  27  6 

Committee-man  cur- 
ried. 471 

Com- 


■tin  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Commons  condit.  ^28  j 
Common-wealth  of! 

Women.  180; 

Conflict  ol  Confidence. 

. . ' j-13 

Conquefl  of  China.  440 

-of Granada.  i$y 

Confpiracy.  3 09,5- 1 1 
Conflant  Maid.  477 

Nymph.  ^28 

Conflantine  the  Great. 

322 

Contention  betw.  Y ork 
and  Lancafte  r.  5-28 
■ of  Ajax  and  U- 


lyfles.  483' 

for  Honour  and 

Riches.  478 

Coriolanus. 

Cornelia.  316 


Coronation.  208,478 
Coftly  Whore.  j28j 

Covent  Garden.  380 ! 

Covent  Garden  weed- 
ed. IS 

Covent  of  Pleaf  3 pa 

CouterfeitBridegr.yaS 
Counterfeits.  lb. 

Countefs  ofPembroke’s 
Ivy-church.  224 

Country  Captain.  3 86 

*  Girl.  3 1 

*  Innocence.  319 

Wife.  5-14 


Wit.  94 

CouragiousTurk.  234 
Court  Beggar.  3 6 
~ — Secret.  484 
Coxcomb.  208 

Crcefus.  3 

Cromwell’s  Hill.  5-29 
Cruel  Brother.  107 

Debtor.  ^29 

Cuckolds  Haven,  yoi 
Cunning  Lover.  32 
Cupid  and  Death.  478 
Cupid’s  Revenge.  208 
— — Whirligig.  5-29 


Cure  for  a Cuckold  yio 
Cuftom  of  the  Country.. 

208 

Cutter  of  Coleman- 


ftreet.  81 

Cymbeline.  4^6 
Cynthia’s  Revels.  289 

Revenge.  -493 

Cyrus  K.  of Perfia.  5-29 
Cytherea.  488 


T>- 


DAmeDobfon.  419 
Damoifelle.  31? 
Damoifelles  a-la-mode. 

200 

Damon  & Pythias.  ^29 
Darius  his  Tragedy  3 
— : K.of  Perfia.  94 
David  and  Bethfabc. 

401 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Debauchee.  yap 
Deorum  Dona.  1 1 
Deferving  Favourite. 

4 / 

Definition  of  Jerufa- 

lem.  99, $29 

DeftrutionofTroy.  7 
Devil’s  an  Afs.  28 9 
Devil’s  Charter.  p 
Devil’s  Law-cafe,  yo 9 
Devil  of  a Wife.  280 
Dick  Scorner.  y2p 
Dido  CL  of  Carthage. 
__  . 383 

Disappointment.  489 
Difobedient  Child.280 
Difl rated  State.  yoa 
Diftrefles.  I07 

Divine  Comedian.  ^04 
Divine  Mafque.  yjo 
DotorDodipole.  yytf 
Dotor  F auftus . 3 42 

Don  Carlos.  398 
Don  Sebaflian.  161 
Double  Marriage.  208 
Doubtful  Heir.  484 
Duke  & no  Duke,  yoi 
Duke  of  Guile.  163 
Duke  of  Lerma.  276 
Duke  of  Millain.  3 yy 
Duke’s  Miftrels.  478 
Dumb  Knight.  334 
Dumb  Lady.  318 
Dutch  Courtezan.  348 


Dutch  Lover.  . ip 
Dutchefs  of  Mai  fy.  6 op 


Dutchefs  of  Suff.  262 

E. 

E Aft  ward- hoe.  66 
Edgar.  434 

Edward  the  Firft.  401 

Second.  343 

— — Third.  ygo 
-Fourth.  262 
Elder  Brother.  208 
Eletra.  522 

Elizabeth’s  Troubles. 

2 6y 

Elvira.  yjo 


Emperor  of  the  Eaft. 

ISS' 

—Moon.  440 

Emprefs  oi  Morocco. 

^30 

Enchanted  Lovers.  3 3 3 
Endymion.  228 

EnglifliFryar.  py 
— — Lawyer.  420 

Monfieur.  276' 

Moor.  3 6' 

Princefs.  ^30 

— ~ — Rogue.  y 04 

-Traveller.  2.6% 

Enough’s  as  good  as  a 
Feaft.  y-30 

Entertainment  at  King 
James’s  Coronat  289 
— — atRutiandH.  107 
JSJ  n En- 


Entertainment  of  King 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 

— - Weft. 


James  andQ_Anne  at 
Theobalds.  2,8.9 

of  the  K.  and  CL 

at  High-gate.  Ibid. 

— ol  the  K.  of  Engl. 

and  Denmark  at  The- 
obalds. 2,90 

of  the  Q^and  Pr- 

at  Althrop.  Ibid. 
Epfom  Wells.  44  $■ 
Erminia.  201 

Evening’s  Love.  1P3 


Every  man  in  his  Hu- 
mour. 290 

- - out  of  his  Hu- 
mour. Ib. 

- Woman  in  her 

Humour.  ^31 

Eunuchus.  2^,213 
Example.  478 


Excommunicated  Prin. 

- 1 S 

Extra  vagantShepherd. 

} 21 
F 

FAitious  Citiz.  5-31 
Fair  Emm.  Ib. 

— Favourite.  108 

-Irene.  499 

Maid  of  Brill.  ^31 

of  the  Exchange. 

262 

* Inn.  208 


263 

Fair  Quarrel.  3-71 
Faithful  Shepheard- 


efs. 

Falfe  Favourite, 
grac’d. 

Count. 

One. 

Family  of  Love. 
Fancies. 

Fancies  Fellivals. 
Fatal  Contrail. 
Dowry. 


208 

diF 

SI* 


20 


-Jealoufie. 

-Love. 


209 

320 
3 ,06 

247 
ISS 
Si  I 
441 
ISO 


Fawn. 

Feign’d  Allrologer.y  3 1 

Courtezans.  20 

Female  Academy.  392 
Prelate.  441 


346 
4ir 
494 
SI 2. 
180 


Fidele  and  Fortunatus. 

Si% 

Fine  Companion. 
Fleire. 

Floating  Illand. 

Flora’s  Vagaries. 
FondHusband, 

Fool  turn’d  Critick.  Ib. 
— would  be  a Favou- 
rite. 

Fools  Preferment. 
Forc’d  Marriage. 
Fortunate  Illes. 
Fortunatus. 


47 

Ib. 


20 

291 

122 

For- 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Fortune  by  Land  and 
Sea.  2by 

Fortune-Hunters.  49 
Four  Lond.  Prentices. 

2 6$ 

P s.  294 

Plays  in  one.  209 

Fox.  297 

Free-will.  5-32 

French  Conjurer.  ^20 
Friendship  in  Falhzon. 

3P8 

Fryar  Bacon.  242 
Fulgius  a'nd  Lucrelle. 

G. 

GAlathea.  3 29 
GameatChefs.372 
Gamefter.  478 

Gam.  Gurton’s  Needle. 

y-2i 

Generous  Enemies.  72  jHeir 
Gentle-Craft.  J48 
Gentleman  Dancing- 
Mailer.  ^14 

* of  Venice.  479 

— of  Verona  466 

Ulher.  62 

Gholt.  y-32 

Glafs  of  Government. 

228 

Gloriana.  322 

Goblins.  498 

Golden  Age.  279 


Golden  Age  relforcd. 

291 

Grateful  Servant.  479 
Great  Duke  of  Flo- 
rence. 

Green’s  Tu  quoyue.  72 
Grim  the  Colier  of 
Croyden.  5-22 

Gripus  and  Hegio.  1 1 
Guardian.  80,  $$6 

Guy  of  Warwick.  5*19 
H 

HAmlet  Prince  of 
Denmark.  45-7 
Hannibal  and  Scipio. 

380 

Heautontimorumenos. 

2^,273 

HeaorofGermany.488 

Hedlors. 

Hecyra.  29,2  73 

363 

of  Morocco.  441 

Hell’s  High  Court  of 
Juftice.  ^33 

Henry  the  Third  of 
France.  473 

Henry  the  Fourth. 45A 
— 17 Ik 

45-7 

Ik 

4.8 
« 

i$o 

.49<S 
Hero 


■Fifth. 

— Sixth. 

--  Eighth. 
He  radius. 
Hercules  Furens. 

*-  Oetus. 

Nn 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Hero  and  Leander.492 
Herod  and  Antipater. 

340 

and  Mariamne.406 

Hey  for  Honefty.  416' 
Hie  & Ubique.  246 
Hiftriomalhx.  5-32 
Hoffman.  5-33 

Hoe  hath  loft  hisPearl. 

^03 

Hollander.  232 

Holland’s  Leaguer.  349 
Honeft  Lawyer.  $11 

Man’s  For  tune.  209 

Whore.  122 

Honoria  and  Mammon. 

484 

Honour  of  Wales.  294 
Horace.  74,404 

Horatius.  333 

How  to  chufe  a Good 
Wife  from  a Bad.  y 3 3 
Humorous  Courtier. 

’ 480 

Days  Mirth.  6 3 

Lieutenant.  209 

■ Lovers.  387 

Humorifts.  446 

Humour  out  of  Breath. 

' 1 ip. 

Hyde  Park.  479 

Hymensei.  291 

H v me  n ’sT  r i u mph.  1 02 
Hyppolitus.  4C9;49y 


/. 

JAck  Drum’s  Enter- 
tainment. 5-34 

J»glcr.  Ib. 

Straw’s  Life  and 

Ib. 


SI  4 
Ib. 

441 

414 

SIS 

343 

148 

good 


Death. 

Jacob  and  Efau. 

Janies  the  Fourth. 
Ibrahim. 

Jealous  Lovers. 
Jeronymo. 

Jew  of  Malta. 

Jew’s  Tragedy. 

If  this  ben’t  a 
Play,  the  Devil’s  in’t. 

122 

Ignoramus.  yi8 
ImpatientPoverty.3-3  3 
Imperial  Tragedy.  31  y 
Imperiale.  226 

Impofture.  484 

Indian  Emperor.  1 by 

Queen.  276 

Ingratitude  of  a Com- 
mon-wealth. yoi 
Injured  Lovers.  3 78 
Princefs.  182 


Inner-Temple  Mafque. 

11- 

Infatiate  Countefs.348 
Interlude  of  Youth.  44 
jocafta.  208 

John  the  Evangel.  y3.y 
— K.  of  England.  42-8 
John 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


John  and  Matilda.  1 1 7 


Jofeplx.  2.38 

Jofeph’s  Afflidlions.y  3 6 
Jovial  Crew.  3 6 

Infh  Mafque.  291 
Iron  Age.  2.60 

IflandPrincefs.  2.10 
Ille  of  Guils.  119 
Juliana  Princefs  of  Po- 
land. 96 

Julius  Crefar.  4,438 
Juft  General.  339 
— Italian.  108 

a: 

Y7  Ind  Keeper.  164 


JV  King  and  no  King. 

2. 10 

— Edgar  and  Alfreda. 

420 

* — Lear  and  his  three 
Daughters.  301 
— "and  Queen  sEnter- 
tainment  at  Rich- 
mond. 33  6 

King’s  Entertainment 
atWelbeck.  261 
Knack  to  know  an  Ho- 
neftMan.  . 3 36 

- — — a Knave.  Ib. 

Knave  in  Grain,  337 
Knavery  in  all  Trades. 
Ibid. 

Knight  of  the  Burning 
Peftle.  21  o 


— Golden-ftiield.394 
of  Malta.  2x0 

L. 

LAdy  Alimony.  373 
— Contemplation. 


392 

Errant.  5? 

— ofPleafure.  480 
Ladies  Priviledge.  233 

j Tryal.  220 

Lancafh.  Witches.  2.66 
Landgartha.  42 

Late  Revolution.  337 
Law  againft  Lovers. 

T08 

Tricks.  1 19 

Laws  of  Candy.  210 

Nature.  3 38 

Leafs  Tragedy.  43-8 
Levellers  levelled.  338 


Liberality  and  Prodi- 
gality! 1 Ibid. 
Libertine.  4-8 

'Like  will  to  like, quoth 
the  Devil  to  the  Col- 
lier. 227 

Lingua.  33"8 

Little  French  Lawyer. 

210 

Locrine.  43-8 

London  Chanticleers. 

938 

— Cuckolds,  q 20 
— Prodigal.  43-9 
Nn  3 Look 


I 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


I.ook  about  you.  5-38 
Looking-glafs  for  Lon- 
don- 3 3 x 

Loft  Lady.  439 

Love  a-la-mode.  Ib. 
Love  and  Honour.  109 

Revenge,  442 

— 7 — ~ War.  368 
• — -Crowns  the  End. 

503 

freed  from  Igno- 
rance. 

in  a Tub. 

• — in  a Wood 


2.91 

187 

Si  S 


-•Riddle.  82 
“Sacrifice.  221 
“Triumph '71,201 
- Vi £fory. 
'Welcome. 


57 

291 

335 
489 

5°i 

3 39 
211 

Lucius  Junius  Brutus. 

32? 

Lucky  Chance. 
Luminalia. 


Loving  Enemies. 
Loyal  Brother. 
General. 
Lovers. 


~ Subject 


in  its  Extafie.  y 39 ) Lulls  Dominion. 

Luftyjuventus. 
Lyer. 


— — in  the  Dark 

reftored. 

* lick  Court. 

--Ring. 

Tricks. 

Love’s  Cruelty. 

7 Cure. 

'—Dominion. 

- — “ Kingdom. 

" Labour  loft, 

~ Labyrinth. 

— Loadftone. 
Loner’s  Melancholy. 

220 

— Progrefs.  221 

Metamorphofis. 

329 

*"  Miftrefs.  267 

T Pilgrimage.  21 1 


188 

291 

3b 

3i 

480 

480 

211 

201 

Ib, 

459 

222 

544 


M. 

Ackbeth. 


20 

539 

344 

508 

^42 

460 


1 Mad  Couple  well 
liiatcht.  3 6 

• — Lover.  21 1 
Madam  Fickle.  102 
Magnetick  Lady.  292 
Maid  of  Honour.  35  6 
- — in  the  Mill.  21 1 
Maiden  Queen.  169 

head  well  loft. 

27b 

Maid  sMeta  morphofis. 

• 329 

* ofMoorclack.  6 

— ■ — -Revenge,  481 
Maid’s 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Maid’s  Tragedy,  21  z 

Male-content.  3 49 

Mall.  5-18 

Mamamouchi.  4.22, 

Manhood  and  Wifdom. 

Man  of  Mode.  187 

Newmarket  274 

Man’s  the  Mailer.  109 
Marriage  ala  model 66 

Broker.  ^24 

Night.  197 

— of  Oceanus  and 

Britannia.  203 

of  the  Arts. 271 

* — - of  Wit  and  Sci- 
ence. 5-40 

Mariam.  43 

Marcelia.  2 6 

MarcusTullius  Cicero. 

. *4° 

Marius  and  Scilla.  331 
) Martyr.  334 

Martyred  Souldier.474 
Mary  Magdalen’s  Re- 
pentance. yo  6 

— Q^of  Scotland.  8 
Mafque  at  Bretbie.  68 
<- at  the  Ld  Had- 

dington’s Houfe.  293 

~ at  Ludlow  Ca- 

ftle.  3 76 

— - — of  Augurs.  293 
of  Flowers.  $-40 


Mafque  of  Grays-Inn. 

ziz 

of  Owls.  293 

of  Queens.  Ib. 

of  the  Middle- 

Temple  andLincoln’s 
Inn.  63 

Mafquarade  du  Ciel. 

Maflacre  at  Paris.  323 

— of  Paris.  344 

Maffianello.  5*40 

Mailer  Anthony.  28 
Match  at  Midnight. 

428 

-meinLond.  123 

Matrimonial  Trouble. 

392- 

May  Day.  64 

Mayor  of  Quinborough 
372 

Meafure  for  Meafure. 

4*9 

Medea.  472,496 

Menechmus.  ^24 
Merchant  of  Venice. 

4 *9 

MercuriusBritannicus. 

5-41 

Mercury  vindicated. 

^94 

Merry  Devil  of  Ed- 
1 monton.  ?4t 

| Milk-maids.  $ 17 

Nn  4.  Merry 


yin  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Merry  Wives  ofWmd- 
for.  45-9 

MeflaliiKK'  42  6 

Metamorphofed  Gyp- 
lies.  ' 193 

Michaelmals  Term. 

znz 

Microcofmus.  381 
Midas.  / 3x9 

Midfu  in  ra  e r Night’s 
Dream.  4(10 

Mirza.  - 1 1 

Mizer.  448 

Miferies  of  Civil  War. 

96 

* — Inforced  Mar- 
riage. y i2< 

Millaken  Hashand.  166 
Mithridates.  324 
Mock  Duelliflr.  y 17 

Tern  pelt.  177 

Monfieur  D’Olive.  6 

- Thomas.  2.13 

Money  is  an  Afs.  3 07 
More  Diflem biers  be- 
lides  Women.  373 
Morning  Ramble.  5-41 
Mortimer’s  Fall.  294 
Mother  Bomby.  329 
T — Shipton’s  Life 
and  Death.  y 04 

Mucedorus.  y4i 
Mpyh  ado  about  no- 
thing. 460 


Mulberry  Garden.  487 
Muleafles  the  Turk. 

3y2 

Mufe  of  New-market. 

y42 

Mules  Looking-glals. 
Mullapha.  2-8,39 

N. 

N Atures  3 Daugh- 
ters. 362 

Neptune’s  Triumph. 

294 

Nero’s  Life  and  Death. 

32-4 

New  C u (loin.  y43 

Exchange.  3 6 

— Inn.  299 

- Trick  to  cheat  the 
Devil.  / y.18 

MarkatFair.  y43 

Way  to  pay  Old 

Debts.  3yy 

— Wonder.  429 
News  from  Plymouth. 

1 10 

—the  World  in 

the  Moon.  294 

Nice  Valour.  2x3 

Wanton.  y43 

Nicomede.  99 

Night-walker.  213 
Noah’s  Flood.  i8y 
Noble  Gentleman.  231 
Noble 


An  Index  of  the  Play /. 


Noble  Ingratitude.  333 
Spanilh  Souldier 

43° 

Stranger,  470 

No  body,  and  Some  bo- 


dy. *43 

No  Wit  7 like  a Wo- 
NoHelpj  man’s.  373 
Northern  Lafs.  3 6 
Northward-hoe.  12.3 
Novella.  37 

O. 

OBeron  the  Fairy 
Prince.  294 
Obllinate  Lady.  69 
Oblavia.  . 3 95- 

Oedipus.  1^7,384 
Old  Caftle’s  Hiliory. 

461 

* — Couple.  364 

- — Law.  35-7 

• — Troop.  318 

— Wives  Tale.  5-44 
Opportunity.  481 
Ordinary.  ' 5-3 

Oreftes.  234 

Orgula.  y23 

Orlando  F uriofo.  5-44 
Ormafdes.  315- 

Orphan.  3P8 

Ofmond  the  Gr.  Turk. 

47 

Othello.  4^1 

Ovid.  69 


9. 

PAllantus  and  Eudo- 
ra.  310 

Pandora.  315- 

Pan’s  Anniverfary.294 
Parliament  oi  Bees. 

1x9 

Par  foil’s' Wedding.  3x3 
Paflionate  Lover.  48 
Pallor  Fido.  191,442 
Patient  Grille].  5-44 
Patrick  forlreland.482 
Pedlers  Prophecy.  5-4^ 
j l'eleus  and  Thetis.  278 
Pericles  Prince  of  Tyre 
462 

Perkin  Warbeck.  221 
Philalter.  2x3 

Phillis  of  Scyros.  5 22 
Philotas.  102 

Philotus  Scotch.  5-4* 
Phoenix".  373 

inherflames.,33? 

Phormio.  25,273 
Picture.  isi 

Pilgrim.  213 

Pinder  of  Wakefield. 

*4* 

Pilo’s  Confpiracy.  Ib. 
Pity  Ihe’s  a Whore. 222, 
Platonick  Lovers.  109 
Play-houle  to  be  Lett. 

Ibid. 

Play  between  John  the 
Huf- 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Husband,  and  Tib  his 
Wife- 

•—betwixt  the  Pardo- 
ner and  the  Fryar,the 
Cu  rate  andNeigh  bou  r 
Prat.  Ibid. 

' — uof  Gentlenefs  and 
Nobility.  Ib 

— of  Love.  Ib. 

of  the  Weather.//'. 

Plain  Dealer.  515 
Pleafure  atKenelworth 
Caftle.  231 


Prophetefs- 
Pfyche. 

debauched. 


Publick  Wooing. 
Puritan  Widow. 


O 


Ueen. 


& 


2x4 

44 P 
178 

393 

462 


-and 


Concu- 


bine. 

— of  Arragon. 
of  Corinth. 


n 

244 

214 

103 

31 


tue. 

294 1 

Plutus. 

202; 

Poetafter. 

Ib. 

Politician. 

481 ; 

■ cheated. 

241  > 

Pompey.  40^,507 
Poor  Man’s  Comf.  1 1 8 
— — Scholar.  38^ 
Pragmatical  Jefuite  .y  o 
Presbyterian  Lalh.y^ 
Prefence.  393 

Prince  of  Prigg’s  Re- 
vels. 522 

Princefs.  3 1 3 

of  Cleves.  324 

Prifoners.  313 

Proje£tors.  5-13 

Promiles  of  God  mani- 
felled.  54^ 

Promus  &Caflandra  .Ib. 


; Queen’s  Arcadia, 
j — - — Exchange. 

Mafque  of  Beau 

ty.  2 .9s 

— ! — of Blacknefs.  Ib * 
Querer  per  folo  querer. 

193 

R. 

Aging  Turk.  23^ 
Ram  Alley-  14 
Rambling Jullice.  230 
Rampant  Alderman. 

5 46 

Rape  of  Lucrece, 
Rebellion. 
Reformation. . 
Rehearfal. 


Religious 


Rebel. 


267 

424 

n6 

Ib. 
39  3 
Hi 

U8 


Renegado. 

Return  fromParnaffus. 

HI 

Revenge.  Ibid. 

Re- 


An  Index  of  the  VUys. 


Revengers  Tragedy. 

yo6 

Reward  of  Virtue.  2,2.3 
Rhodon and  Iris.  3T6 
Richard  the  Second. 

462 

Rival  F riends.  245- 

Kings.  8 

Ladies.  167 

Queens.  325 

Rivals.  447 

Roaring  Girl.  37 3 
Robert  Earl  of  Hunt- 
ingdon’s Downfal  and 
Death.  ' 267 

Hood’s  Palloral ; 

May-games.  447  ? 

and  his  Crew  | 

of  Souldiers.  Ibid.  j 
Roman  A<5tor.  35-8 ! 

Emprels.  3 08 1 

* — — Generals.  129 
Rmneo  and  Juliet.  462 
Romulus  and  Herlilia. 


Roundheads.  21 

Rover.  • 20 

RoyaJift.  183 

Royal  King  and  Loyal 
Subjebt.  268 

• Mafque  atHamp- 

ton-Court.  447 

Mailer.  481 


Shepherdels.  450 


Slave.  43 

Voyage.  *4.8 

Rule  a Wile,  and  have 
a Wife.  214 

Rump.  jo  3 

£ 

SAcriiice.  184 

Sad  One.  498 

Sheplieard.  295- 

Saint  Cicely.  5-20 
Salmacida  Spolia.  5-48 


Sam  plon  Agonifles.  3 7 j 
Sapho  and  Phaott.  329 
Scaramouch,  &c.  429 
School  of  Comple- 


ments. 480 

Scornful  Lady.  214 

Scots  Figaries  503 

Sea  Voyage.  214 


Seven  Champions  of 
Christendom.  315- 
See  me, and  fee  me  not. 


• 2+ 

Sejanus.  '295- 

Selimus.  31? 

Sertorius.  6 

Several  Wits.  393 


Sforza  Duke  of  Millain 

237 

Shepheards  Holyday. 

433 

— Paradice.  3 77 

Shoomaker’s  a Gentle- 
man. 429 

Sice- 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Sicelides.  5-48 

Sicily  and  Naples,  y 19 
Siege.  54,i  10 

of  Babylon.  406" 

.-of  Conftantino- 

ple.  549 

— . — —of  Memphis.  183 

of  Rhodes,  no 

ofUrbm.  315- 

Silent  Woman.  296 
Silver  Age.  2 59 

Sir  Barnaby  Whig.  184 
— Courtly  Nice.  96 
— GilesGoofe-cap.  ^49 
— Hercules  Buftbn. 

318 

— Martin  Mar-all.  1 70 
— Patient  Fanc^.  21 
— Solomon.  549 
Sifter.  ' 484 

Six  Days  Adventure. 

274 

Slighted  Maid.  492 
Sociable  Companions. 

393 

Soliman  and  Perfeda. 

?So 

Sophifter.  Ibid. 
Sophonisba.  325-, gyr 
Sophy.  128 

Souldiers  Fortune.  399 
SpanifliBawd.  550 

Curate.  214 

Fryar.  170 


Gypfies.  375 

Rogue.  1 78 

Sparagus  Garden.  37 
Speeches  at  Pr.Henry  s 
Barriers.  296 

Spightful  Sifter.  6 
Sport  upon  Sport.  90 
Springs  Glory.  381 
Squire  of  Alfatia.  45-  o 

Old  Sap.  183 

Staple  oi  News.  296 


State  of  Innocence.  1 72 
Step-mother.  yyi 
Strange  Difcovery.  lb. 
Succefsful  Strangers. 

378 

Sullen  Lovers.  450 
Summers’s  laftWilland 
*Teftament.  383 
Sun’s  Darling.  221 
Suppofes.  23 1 

Surprifal.  277 

Sulanna’s  Tears,  yyi 
Swaggering  Damoif.yd 
Sweetnam  the  Woman- 
hater  arraigned.  551 

T. 

T Ale  of  a Tub.  297 
Tamberlain  the 
Great.  344 

Taming  of  the  Shrew. 

463 

Tancred  and  Gifmond. 

512 

Tar- 


An  Index  of  the  P/ays . 


508 

394 

326 

SS  a 
3X3 

5H 

510 


Tartuff  3 67 

Tarugo’s  Wiles.  434 
Tcmpe  reftor’d.  yyi 
Tempeft.  172,4^3 
Temple.  64 

of  Love.  1 10 

The  longer  thou  liv  ft, 
the  more  fool  thou 
art. 

Thebais. 

Theodofius, 

Therfytes. 

Thomafo. 

Thornby  Abby. 
Thracian  Wonder. 
Three  Lords  and  La- 
dies of  London.  521 
Thyerry  and  Theodo- 
ret.  2iy 

T ime  vindicated  tp 
himfelf,  and  to  his 
Honours.  297 

Timon  of  Athens.  45-1 
Titus  Andronicus.4^4 
Titus  and  Berenice. 

399 

Tom  Eflence.  5T2 

— Tyler  and  his 

Wife.  ' yo8 
Tottenham  Court.  381 
Town  Fop.  22 

Shifts.  42  y 

Trapolin  fbppofed  a 
Prince.  70 


Travels  of  3 Englifh 
Brothers.  up 

Tray  tor.  481 

to  himfelf  5-53 

Treacherous  Brother. 

407 

Trick  for  Trick.  184 

to  catch  the  Old 

One.  37  3 

Triumph  of  Beauty. 

48T 

Love  and 

Antiquity.  373 

Peace.  482. 

u-the  Prince 

D’Amour.  in 

Triumphant  Widdow 
387 

Troades.  472,5-21 
Troas.  . ayt 

Troylus  and  Creflida. 

173 

True  Trojans.  s^l 

Widdow.  451 

Tryal  of  Chi  valry.  508 

Treafure.  554 

Tryphon.-  28 

Tunbridge  Wells.  554 
Twelfth  Night.  466 
Twins.  427 

Two  Angry  Women  of 
Abington.  407 

Noble  Kinfmen. 

21  s 
Two 


An  Index  of  the  Flays. 


Two  Tragedies  in  One. ! 

516:' 

-- — Wife  Men  and  all 
the  reft  Fools.  6 4 
Tide  tarrieth  for  no 
Man.  508 

TyranicalGovernment' 
554 

Tyranick  Love.  173 

V. 

■“C  7 Alentinian.  215 
V Valiant  Scot.  523 

Welchman.  5 16 

Varieties.  387 

Venice  preferv’d.  400 
Very  Woman.  359 

Veftal  Virgin.  2.7 7 

Vilain.  407 

Virgin  Martyr.  3 59 

,_.T Widow.  410 

Virtuofo.  45-1 

Virtuous  O&avia.  30 

-Wife.  185 

Virtue  betray’d.  8 
Vifion  of  Delight.  29  7 

the  Twelve 

Goddefles.  103 

Unfortunate  Lovers. 

112 

Mother.  382 

- Shepheard. 

506 

.. Ufurper.'s  54 

UngratefulFavorite  lb. 


Unhappy  FairOne,499 

— Favorite.  9 

Unnatural  Combat.3  59 

—Tragedy.  393 

UntruHing  the  Humo- 
rous Poet.  123 

Vow-breaker.  437 
Ufurper.  274 

JV. 

W Alks  of  Iifling- 
ton  and  Hogf- 
den.  307 

Wandring  Lover.  368 
Warning  for  fair  Wo- 
men. 55$ 

Weakefl  goes  to  the 
wall.  Ib, 

Wealth  and  Health. Ib, 
Wedding.  483 

Well  ward-hoe.  124 
What  you  will.  351 
When  you  fee  me,  you 
know  me.  ^30 

White  Devil.  509 
Whore  of  Babylon.  1 24, 
Wiat’s  Hiflory.  125 
Widow.  298 

Ranter.  22 

’s  Tears.  6 5 

Wife  for  a Month. 

2 id 

Wild  Gallant.  174 

Goofe-chafe.  21  <5 

Wily  beguil’d.  55s 
Wine, 


An  Index  of  the  Plays. 


Wine,  Beer,  Ale,  and 
Tobacco.  5-55 

Winters  Tale. 

Wile  Women  of  Hogf- 
den.  268 

Wit  at  leveral  Weap- 
ons. 2.1 6 

of  a Woman.  55  6 

in  a Conllable.  133 

without  Money 

2 i£> 

Wits.  hi 

Cabal.  393 

— — led  by  the  Nole 

Witty  Combat.  y20 
— - — Fair  One.  483 
Woman  Captain.  451 

-Hater.  2.16 

in  the  Moon 

1 33o 

-kill’d  with  Kind- 


nefs.  268 

turn’d  Bully.  556 

Woman’s  a Weather- 
cock. 198 

Conqueft.  374 

Prize.  217 

Women  beware  Wo- 
men. 1 374 

pleas’d.  21 7 

Wonder  a Woman  ne- 
ver vex’d.  429 

World  loft  at  Tennis. 

374 

W ranglingLovers.42  3 

r. 

YOrklhire  Tragedy. 

46$ 

Young  Admiral.  483 

-King.  22 

Your  five  Gallants.  37J 
Youths  Glory  &Deaths 
Banquet.  393 


The 


The  Tlays  in  the  appendix. 


ALphonfo  King  of 
Naples. 
Amphytryon. 

Banilh’d  Duke. 
Belphegor. 

Bragadocio. 

Diftrefled  Innocence. 
Edward  the  Third. 
Ferrex  and  Porrex. 
Folly  of  Prieftcraft. 
Gorboduc. 


Mad  World  myMalters. 
Miftakes. 

Robin  Confcience. 
Royal  Flight. 
Scowrers. 

Sir  Anthony  Love. 
Unfortunate  Lovers. 
Witch  of  Edmonton. 
Woman  will  have  her 
will. 

Wonder  of  a Kingdom. 


The  oAT  P E NT)  1 X. 


THe  Occafionof  adding  this  following  Ap- 
pendix, is  to  compleat  the  Account  of  all 
the  Plays  that  have  been  printed  as  far  as  this 
prefent  Time  : lince  feveral  new  Ones  have 
been  publilht  after  the  Fore-going  Sheets  were 
fent  to  the  Prefs,  andfome  others  thro’  over- 
fight omitted  in  the  Body  of  the  Bookj  I have 
chole  rather  to  place  them  here,  than  leave  the 
whole  imperfect  I fhall  follow  the  fame  Me- 
thod,as  before ; beginning  firli  with  the  Known 
Authors , in  an  Alphabetical  Order ; and  after- 
wards mention  thofe,  whofeAuthors  are  con- 
ceal’d. 1 begin  with 

Sir  William  Davenant. 

I have  already  given  an  Account  of  this  Au- 
thor, p.  i o 6,  &c.  to  which  I refer  my  Reader ; 
only  beg  his  Pardon  for  the  Omiffion  of  a Play 
to  be  found  in  the  Body  of  his  Works,  nam’d 
Unfortunate  Lovers , a Tragedy,  printed  in 
Folio. 

Thomas  Decker. 

An  Author  already  mention’d,  p.  nz.  to 
have  a hand  in  Twelve  Plays ; tho’  thro’  mi- 
ftake,  I have  giver!' an  Accotint  but  cf  Ten  ol 
them.  'Tis  true,  I refer r’d  the  Reader p.  ray. 

* Oo  to 


The  appendix. 

to  the  Account  of  Will.  Rowley , for  The  Witch 
of  Edmonton  ; but  quite  forgot  a Play,  which 
was  writ  wholly  by  our  Author,  ftil’d 

Wonder  of  a Kingdom , a Tragi-comedy ; 
printed  4°.  Lond.  1635.  This  I take  t@  be  a 
very  diverting  old  Play. 

John  Dryden,  hfq; 

The  Reader  will  find  an  Account  of  this  Au- 
thor’s Writings,/*.  1 30,$^.  but  he  having  late- 
ly publilht  a new  Play,  I am  here  to  give  the 
Reader  fome  Account  of  it. 

Amphytryon , or  The  Two  Sodas  ; a Comedy 
3 fled  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  to  which  is  added 
the  Mufick  of  the  Songs,  compos’d  by  Mr. Hen- 
ry Purcel;  printed  40.  Lond.  1691.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Honourable  Sir  Levifon  Gower , 
Baronet.  This  Play  is  founded  on  ‘Plautus’s, 
Amphytruo , and  Mollieres  Amphytryon , as  the 
Author  himfelf  acknowledges  in  his  Epiftlc 
Dedicatory.  The  Reader  that  will  take  the 
pains  to  compare  them,  will  find  that  Mr. 
‘Dry den  has  more  clofely  followed  the  French „ 
than  the  Latin  Poet : but  however  It  mult 
with  Juftice  be  allowed,  that  what  he  has  bor- 
rowed, he  has  improv’d  throughout ; and  Mol- 
Here  is  as  much  exceeded  by  Mr.  Dryden^  as 
Rotrou  is  outdone  by  Molliere.  The  truth  is,, 
our  Author  fo  polifhes  and  improves  other 
Mens  Thoughts,  that  tho’  they  are  mean  in 
themfclves,  yet  by  a New  f urn  which  he  gives 
them,  they  appear  Beautiful  and  Sparkling : 
Herein  relcmbxing  Skillful  Lapidaries,  that  by 

their 


The  Jppendix. 

their  Art,  make  a Brijtol  Stone  appear  with 
alrnolt  the  fame  Luftre;as  a Natural  Diamond, 

Jofeph  Harris 

A New  Author,  who  being  infected  with' 
the  Contagion  of  Pqetryy  fpread  amongft  his 
Fellow  A6tors,is  fetting  up  for  an  Author ; but 
with  what  Succefs,  I leave  to  thofe  who  fre- 
quent the  Theatre  to  decide.  He  has  lately 
publiflit  a Play,  call’d 

tSMJiakes,  or  The  FaJfe  Report ; a Tragi- 
comedy, adted  by  their  Majefties  Servants ; 
printed  quarto  Lond.  i6po.  and  dedicated  to 
Godfrey  Kneller  This  Young  Author  is 
beholding  to  the  Poets  to  rig  him  out ; Mr. 
jDryden  having  bellowed  a Prologue  on  his 
©Play,  and  Mr.  Tate  an  Epilogue ; and  the  ever 
Obliging  and  Compaffionate  Mr.  Montford (as 
the  Author  with  Gratitude  acknowledges  ) 
‘ Not  only  corre&ed  the  Tedioufnefs  of  the 
‘Fifth  Adt,  by  cutting  out  a whole  Scene ; but 
* to  make  the  Plot  more  clear,has  put  in  one  of 
‘his  own,  which  heightens  his  own  Character, 
‘and  was  very  pleafing  to  the  Audience. 

This  Play  feems  to  me  to  be  of  the  fame 
Stamp  with  feveral  others  lately  written  by 
his  Fellow-Comedians ; tho’  in  my  Opinion, 
they  had  better  confine  themfelves  within 
their  own  Sphere  of  Adlion. 


Tho 


O Q & 


The  Appendix. 

Thomas  Middleton. 

An  Author  of  feveral  Plays  already  men- 
tioned  p.  3 70.  but  particularly  One,  which  by 
chance  was  omitted,  viz. 

tSMad  World  my  Majhrs , a Comedy  often 
ailed  at  the  Private-Houfe  in  Salisbury  Court, 
by  her  Majefty’s  Servants,  and  printed  quarto 
Lond.1640.  This  Play  was  writ  twenty  Years 
before  'twas  publifh’d,  as  the  Trinter  and  Sta- 
tioner inform  the  Reader  ; and  appeared  with 
Applaufe  on  the  Stage.  The  Language  and 
Plot  of  this  Comedy  are  very  diverting ; and 
the  former  is  fo  little  obfolete,that  Mrs.  Behn 
has  tranfplanted  part  of  it  into  her*  City 
Heirefs. 

George  Powell. 

An  Author  and  Poet  already  mention'd, 
p.  107.  who  has  publilht  a new  Play,  call’d 

Alphonfo  King  of  Naples,  a Tragedy,  ailed 
at  the  Theatre-Royal , printed  quarto  Lond. 

1 690.  and  dedicated  to  Her  Grace  the  Dutchefs 
of  Ormond.  The  Prologue  was  written  by  Mr. 

, John  Haynes , and  the  Epilogue  by  Mr.  jDurfey , 

William  Rowley. 

An  Author  of  whom  I have  already  given 
an  Account,  p.  4-2.8.  but  forgot  to  fpeak  of  a 
Play,  in  which  ne  was  chiefly  concern’d,  viz. 

Witch  of  Edmonton , a Known  True  Story, 
compos’d  into  a Tragi-coniedy,  by  divers  well 
efleera’d  Poet William  Rowley fT/x  mas  ^Decker, 

and 


The  Appendix. 

and  John  Ford ; ailed  by  the  Prince's  Servants 
often  at  the  Cock-pit  in  Drury -lane once  at 
Court  with  Angular  Applause  ; printed  quarto 
Lond.  idj-8. 

Tho.SACKViLE,  ^ Tho.  Norton. 

Two  Authors  that  liv’d  in  the  Reign  of 
Queen  Elizabeth ; the  former  of  which  was 
Ld  Buckhurjl,  and  in  the  firffc  Year  of  K..J antes 
the  Firft,ws.  March  13.  1603.  created  Earl  of 
Dorfet : He  was  Ld  Treafurer,  and  Chancellor 
of  the  Univerfity  of  Oxford.  He  joyn’d  with 
Mr.  Norton  in  writing  a Tragedy,  which  in 
thole  Days  was  in  much  repute.  It  was  thrice 
printed : the  firft  Edition  was  publilhed  under 
the  Title  of 

Ferrex  and  Torrex , printed  8°  Lond.  1 ?6$-. 
by  W.  G.  This  Edition  was  printed  from  a 
furreptitious  Copy,  when  the  Ld  Buchhurjl 
was  beyond  Sea,  and  Mr.  Norton  far  diflant 
from  London.  The  fecond  Edition  was  print- 
ed with  Content  of  the  Authors ; the  Title- 
page  being  as  follows : 

‘The  Tr.gedy  of  Ferrex  and  Torrex let 
‘ forth  without  Addition  or  Alteration,  but  al- 
‘ together  as  the  lame  was  Ihewed  on  the  Stage 
£ before  the  Queen's  Majefty,  about  nine  Years 
‘ pall,  viz.  the  Eighteenth  Day  of  January 
£ by  the  Gentlemen  of  the  Inner -Temple ; print- 
ed 8°  Lond.— -is — . The  laft  Edition  is 
foil’d 

‘ The  Tragedy  of  Gorhoduc,  whereof  three 
‘ Ails  were  written  by  Thomas  Norton ; and 
O 0 3 ‘the 


The  Appendix. 

1 the  two  laffc  by  Thomas  Sackvile  ; fet  forth  as 
‘ the  fame  was  {hewed  before  the  Queen’s  moft 
‘ Excellent  Majefty,  in  Her  Highnefs’s  Court 
* of  the  Inner -Temple  ; printed  40  Lond.  15-90. 
I have  already  given  fome  Account  of  this 
Play  in  Mr.  ‘Dry  dens  Char  after,  p.  168.  I fhall 
here  add  the  Opinion  of  that  Great  Judge  of 
Wit,  Sir  Philip  Sidney , in  his  Excellent  De- 
fence of  Toe  fie : (?)  ‘Our  Tragedies  and  Co- 
‘ medies,  are  not  without  caufe  cry’d  out 
‘ againll;  obferving  Rules  neither  of  Honell  Ci- 
‘ vility,  nor  Skilful  Poetry ; excepting  Gorbo- 
‘ due,  (again  I fay  of  thole  I have  feen)  which 
‘ notwithstanding , as  it  is  full  of  {lately 
‘ Speeches,  and  well-founding  Phrafes,  climb- 
‘ ing  to  the  height  of  Seneca's  Stile;  and  as  full 
‘of  notable  Morality,  which  it  does  moil  de- 
‘ lightfully  teach,  and  fo  obtain  the  very  End 
‘ of  Poe  fie : Yet  in  truth,  it  is  defeftuous  in  the 
‘ Circumftances ; which  grieves  me,  becaufe  it 
‘ might  not  remain  an  exaft  Model  of  all  Tra- 
‘ gedies.  For  the  Plot,  confult  Neniusy  Lelandy 
A’-  of  Gloucejler , H.  of  Huntingdon  Jeo.  of 
Monmouth , Du  Chefne , fyc. 

I know  not  whether  My  Lord  Buckhurjl 
writ  any  thing  befides,  or  no  ; but  I have  feen 
two  little  Pieces  writ  by  Mr.  Horton  in  oftavo : 
One  intituled,  To  the  Queens Majeflies poor  de- 
ceived SubjeEls  in  the  North  Country , drawn  into 
Rebellion  by  the  Earls  of  Northumberland  and 
Wefltnorland  : printed  oftavo  Lond.  15-69.  A 
Second,  filled  A fHarning  againji  the  dangerous (*) 


(*) 


Pra- 


The  Appendix  ': 

Trail  tees  of  Papills,  and  efpeciatty  the  Partners 
of  the  late  Rebellion : printed  %°Lond.  ij--— 

Elkanah  Settle. 

An  Author  v/ho  has  forlaken  the  Banners  of 
Mars  and  T alias,  to  return  to  the  Theatre , the 
Seat  of  the  Mufes  : One,  (to  ufe  his  own  Ex- 
preffion  ) ‘Who  after  all  his  repented  Follies, 
‘is  relolv’d  to  quit  all  Pretentions  to  State- 
* craft,  and  honeltly  skulk  into  a Corner  of  the 
‘ Stage,  and  there  dye  contented.  This  Refo- 
folution  our  Author  has  begun  to  put  in  Pra- 
ctice, by  publilhing  a Play,  whole  Title  is 

T>tjlrej  Ted  Innocence , or  The  Princef  of  Per- 
lia ; a Tragedy  aCted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by 
their  Majelties  Servants,  printed  Lond.  1690. 
and  dedicated  to  the  Right  Honourable,  John 
Lord  Cutts,  Baron  of  G over  am.  This  Tragedy 
was  kindly  receiv’d  by  the  Audience,  as  the 
Poet  gratefully  acknowledges,  and  owns  like- 
wife  his  Obligations  to  Mr.  Betterton , for  his 
feveral  extraordinary  Hints,  to  the  heightning 
of  his  bell  Characters  ; and  to  Mr.  dMontford, 
for  the  lall  Scene  of  his  Play,  which  he  was 
fo  kind  to  write  for  him:  To  which  may  be 
added  the  Epilogue.  The  Author  likewile 
owns,  That  whatever  FiCtion  he  has  elfewhere 
interwoven,  the  Diltrefles  of  Hormidas  and 
Cleomira,  are  true  Hillory.  I have  not  lei- 
fure  at  prefent  to  make  Enquiry  after  this 
Paliage ; but  poflibly  the  Reader  may  find  lome- 
what  of  it  in  Socrates , Z ozomen,  or  Nicephorus , 
all  which  ( if  I miflake  not ) mention  the  Af- 
fairs of  ffdegerdets  King  of  Perjia . 


Tho. 


The  Appendix. 

Thomas  Shadwell; 

Our  prefent  Laure at  having  publifht  a New 
Play,  I am  bound  to  take  Notice  of  it : viz. 

Scowers,  a Comedy  adled  by  Their  Maje- 
ities  Servants ; printed  40.  Lond.  i6po.  How 
this  Play  fucceeded  on  the  Stage,  I know  not; 
but  I think  ’tis  far  from  the  worfl  of  his  Co- 
medies : and  I believe  is  wholy  free  from  Tla- 
giary. 

Thomas  Southern. 

An  Author  that  has  contributed  three  Plays 
to  the  Stage,  which  have  gain’d  him  no  fmall 
Reputation : Two  of  them  i have  already  men- 
tion’d, p.  4.89.  This  lalt  Play  is  Ifcil’d 

Sir  Anthony  Love , or  The  Rambling  Lady  ; a 
Comedy,  a died  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  their 
Ma jellies  Servants,  printed  quarto  Lond.  1690. 
and  dedicated  to  his  Friend,  Thomas  Skipwith 
Efcj;  This  Play  was  a died  with  extraordinary 
Applaufe ; the  Part  of  Sir  Anthony  Love  being 
mofl  Mailer jy  play’d  by  Mrs.  Montfort : 
and  certainly,  who  ever  reads  it,  will  nrid  it 
fraught  with  true  Wit  and  Humour;  and  in 
the  Characters  of  M.  IT  Abb  t , and  T aimer 
the  Pilgrim,  our  Author  has  given  ns  fome 
Sketches  of  the  Hypocrifie  of  thofe  pretended 
Saints. 

\ 

Mr.  Wilson. 

I am  apt  to  believe  this  Writer  is  the  fame 
with  the  Author  of  the  Cheats ; I mean  John 

tVilfon, 


The  Appendix* 

fTtlfott,  already  mention’d,  p.  ft%.  "Whoever 
he  is,  he  has  publifht  a New  Play,  call’d 
Be/phegor,  or  The  Marriage  of  the  "Devil ; a 
Tragi-comedy, lately  acted  at  the  Queen’s  The- 
atre in  Dorjet  Garden ; printed  quarto  Land. 
i(5po.  This  Play  notwithffanding  it  was  de- 
creed on  the  Stage,  I think  far  furpafles  many 
others,  that  have  lately  appear’d  there.  For 
the  Foundation  of  the  Play,  the  Author  has  di- 
re$ed  the  Reader  to  Matchiavel  and  Straparolat 
both  which  have  played  with  the  fame  Story : 
And  I may  add,  That  thofe  who  delight  in 
French  Poetry,  may  read  it  ingenioufly  tranfla- 
ted  in  Les  Contes  de  M.  de  la  Fontaine, ottavo,  i. 
par  tie,  page  180.  dernier  e Edit,  and  the  Englijh 
Reader  may  find  it  pleafantly  related,  not  only 
in  the  Folio  Tranflation  of  Matchiavel \ but 
likewiie  at  the  end  of  Quevedo' s Novels  Engl. 
o&avo. 


Unknown  Authors . 

I Am  in  the  laft  place  to  give  an  Account  of 
thofe  Plays  wliofe  Authors  are  unknown ; 
do  in  the  former  Method,  beginning  with  a 
Play  call’d 

Banijh'd  Duke , or  The  Tragedy  of  fnfortu • 
natus  ; a£ted  at  the  Theatre-Royal,  printed  op. 
Lend.  1690.  The  Reader  will  eafily  find  that 
under  the  Character  of  Infortunatus , the  "Poet 
defign’d  to  portray  the  late  Unfortunate  Duke 
of  Monmouth : under  that  of  Romanus  and  Ta- 
piJF*>  the  late  Ring  and  Queen. 

v;  Brag 


The  appendix: 

Braggadocio,  or  The  Bawd  turn'd  Puritan ; 
* New  Comedy,  by  a Per fon  of  Quality,  print- 
ed 4°.  Loud.  1690.  This  Comedy  I take  to  be 
indru&ive ; and  undoubtedly  in  the  Chara&er 
of  Flujh , he  has  hit  fome  Features,  which  be- 
' long  to  fome  private  Enemies  of  Univerfities. 

Edward  the  Third \ with  the  Fall  of  Morti- 
mer, Earl  of  March  ; an  Hidorical  Play,  a&ed 
at  the  Theatre-Royal,  by  their  Majefties  Ser- 
vants ; printed  quarto  Land.  1690.  and  dedi- 
cated to  the  Right  Honourable  Henry  Lord 
Vifcount  Sidney , of  Sheppey ; by  Mr.  Momtfort 
to  whom  the  Play  was  made  a Prefent.  This 
Play  I take  to  exceed  mod  of  the  Plays  that 
have  been  lately  publilht ; and  I think  in  the 
CharaClers  of  T ark  ton,  Chancellor  of  England \ 
and  Serjeant  Etherfide , he  has  fomewhat  de- 
tected the  Misdemeanours  of  fome  Great  Men 
in  the  lad  Reign.  For  the  Plot,  as  far  as  con- 
cerns Hidory,  conduit  Harpsfield ’ IV dfingham , 
Tol.  Vigil \ Froiffardy  Du  Chefne , Math.  W rjl- 
minjler , Hottingfbeady  Grafton , Stow , Daniel 
Speed,  tfcyc. 

Englijhmen for  Money , or  a plealant  Comedy, 
call’d  A Woman  will  have  her  Witt ; divers 
times  added  with  great  Applaule;  printed  40. 
Land.  162.6.  This  Comedy  is  not  divided  in- 
to Ads. 

Folly  of  Triejlcrafty  a Comedy  printed  quarto 
Lond.  1690.  Though  the  Modedy,  or  Pru- 
dence of  this  Author,  will  not  permit  him  to 
to  be  known;  yet  I think  he  deferves  a place 
amongd  the  Elded  Sons  of  Apollo : and  if  I may 
prefume  to  fpeak  my  Judgment,  I believe  no 


The  Appendix. 

Satyr  fince  The  Tlain  Dealer,  has  been  more  ju- 
dicioufly  or  ingenioufly  penn’d : and  I queftion 
not  but  it  will  defervc  a good  Character  from 
all  Readersyxcc^t  the  Triejts  and  Bigots  of  the 
Romifh  Religion. 

Robin  Conscience , a Play  which  I never  could 
obtain  the  fight  of : tho  finding  it  mentioned  in 
former  Catalogues,  I was  unwilling  to  omit  it. 

Royal  Flight , or  The  Conqueji  of  Ireland;  a 
New  Farce>  printed  quarto  Lond.  1690.  The 
Subject  of  this  Play,  is  evident  from  its  Title- 
page  ; and  the  Author  has  no  ways  dilguiled 
his  Characters : Tho’  had  he  treated  fome  Per- 
fons  in  his  Farce  with  more  Modeltie,  it  had 
been  no  lefs  for  his  Reputation. 

Thus  I have  finilh’d  My  ACCOUNT  of 
Our  Englifh  ‘DramatickfPoets , and  their  Writ- 
ings : and  having  laid  a Foundation,  I fhall 
leave  it  to  Others  ( who  may  think  it  worth 
their  while)  to  perfeCt  the  Edifice:  hoping 
thole  that  will  attempt  it,  will  alter  or  fupply 
what  ever  they  diflike  or  find  defective  in  the 
whole  EJJ'ay. 


FINIS. 


► '•r  J *.y  • * 

r*  ■*  • pi  . ■•  . : : u ■ 

*r  nsr:0 

, » . > • i ■ 

j * - * ijnn  (■ . / » . 


j * . ’ <; 

||  i : * 

' 


; i nil i • 77 


• ‘ 

■-  i.  AAV.'  ■. 

-V*  . it\or\  J 


■V  .H/rtJ 
. !..,v  , 


Jr. 


- i « , j >r, 

•i':  •:  * ,o  • i ; r * .•  • 
J ■ * 1 1 v : ‘ -•*  f i • I': 

<•“  


t ;iu 


. 70  At: 


nor 


>n* 


; 

. $ 

7.; 


/ 


■;  \ ■ '•  \ r. 
* ^ k 1 - r k- 


errata . 


PAge  io(S  Line  6, for  fuo,  read  tuo.  p.  i j-8  /.  34 
after  Albibech,  r.  of  Abdalla,  Abdelmelech. 
p.  i6p  l.z6 for  his,r.this.*/>.  21  5 l.^.for  Thirry,  r. 
Thierry.  p.iz\  l is  for  W£ton’s,r.Watfon’s.  p. 
24.2  /.ip. after  Account,  r.ofj.  Cook.  p.  is<j  1.24, 
for  benefy’d,  r.benefic’d.y>.26o  £3, /or  I began, r. 
he  began,  p.znq  1. 19, for  Women’s,  r .Woman’s. 
/)-304  l.thelajlfor  laffc,r.  lafted.^.3 10  /.3,/or  Per- 
lon,r.  Judges. />,  3 %zl.zfor  their, r.his.  Id.l.  6for 
eti,  r.eris.  p.  3 76 1.  zo  for  1 687,  r.i  6 3 7.  p.  3 77  /. 
Si  for  Oracle,  r.Paradice.  />.  3 8 2.  /.  3 , for  Lover,  r. 
Mother,  p.  3 88  /.  1 2, for  Soleil,r.Soleifel./>.4.oj-  /. 
i3*/or  Corle,r.Cork./>.4iy  I.12  for  his  own,r.this 
One.  ^.446  /.8,/or  Ingenious,r.Genuine./>.454  /. 
16, for  BenJohnfon,r.our  Author. ^.492 1.Z7,  to 
the  end  belongs  to  Tho.  St.Serf,/>.435.y>.yo8  l.i  o, 
/or  more,  r.longer.  Id.l.  1 6 for  Wave r,r.  Weaver. 
p-Si^l-  il  for  Talisbury,r.Salisbury./>.y  ip  /.  1 2, 
for  Basker,r.Barker.  Id.l.  14  ydele  was  .p.$zz  l.  20, 
/or  Thorpy,  r.  Thorny.  p-S^l  l-hfor  Aliazer,r. 
Alcazer.  /</.  /.  14,  for  Chare,  r.  Clare,  p.si  4 l.iz. 
for Tornelli  Annals,  r.Tornielli  Annales.  p- SIS 
1-7  for  Bellimperin,r.Bellimperia./>.538  /.ip,  for 
La£tus,  r.Ta6lus.j£>.543  l.i  5,  for  before,  r.  after. 

Some  other  Literal  faults  not  here  infer  ted,  the 
Reader  is  defired to  correff. 


I 


'/ 


I 


V f . 


9 


7 • 


iDramatich  Toets . 


f 


,-Vf 


. . Y , . ..  '•  o 


" ' 

• ' t ..  * v Y •.  ■; 

. J 


»;./■ 


. 


'%  ••  v ■ Jt.  -'?■  ^ " 

? - ■■>■{’  ' ■■  "V.  r ,/  , V U 


; V ' A;'; Y>  > 


"> 


\ v 


• ■•' \ Y,  ... 


y .•  "•  ' ■’  V - - [. " 

. V*.  ■■  , ■■■■- 


\ 


' a.  v;  -‘M 

.■■«  ' Y\;-  A 


■ 


r,.--  ■ Y ' -iH 

- / Hi,  AAr-il 


. 


' 

. 


. Y 

( ■ 

i-  - 


. > , T • ! 


" t A 


" : * ; 


■ ■ r : •.  / , 

■ M ,, 

> ■ > \J  ■ < 

- •.  , Y - , - " ' 

- » . ! *> \ ,o  » >:  - , • x.  Y-.'  • ; • < Y ", 

■ - 1 ■ <■(■?■  - •■(  ;-Y 


• • r 
■ / ■■ 


■r  - 'a  Y ( ’ Y v ■ ; i r r'  -M"  Y Y.  ■ • •: . 

r ’ - ‘ > 


■ rl~  ; ’ V . 


■ • v A •■'  A , ' :'  A ' -W..  /M 

^ r . ) ; a< 


' ■-,•■•  r . ■ ; A. . ■ ‘ A 

. ' -A  v A,-  ' ;■>;  ...  > v- 

" ; > A ■ ■ ; ~y  . 

\ - - : • ^ : 


;! 


? 


«\nAetV* 


