79 2 
'& 2 KESPEARE reſtored 


O R, A 
8 p E CIM EN 
* THE 
Mus? E R ROR S, 
4 WELL 
| Committed as Unamended, by Mr. POPE 
In his Late 
EDITION of this PoE T. 
4 WET ee 


A Ebirrox, but to reſtore the True 
{K BSPEARE in all the Editions ever 


Not only to concelt th 
READING of 5 


yet publiſh'd. 88 
1 By Mr. 1 HE O B A L D. , 0 £7 p ; 
* —— ——— — — — ,/ 
5 Lantatum Corpore toto A 7 
D#z12Ho3UM vid & le cradeliter Ora, \ 
Ora, manuſque ambat, | | Viks. 
— = —— —— 
LONDON: | 


Printed for R. FRANCKLIN under Tom's, J. WoopMAN and D. Lxrox | 
Wilt „ Covent-Garden, and C. Davis in Hatton. Gerdes. 3 


M. occ. xxvt. 


8 


* 


4 a = - v e — . e 

— wo 4 „ _ 1 

— | \ * 7 4 4 * Fr = q A } A x, 7 I * . t* * ; * 
T 4 = k „ r > 4 A \ q - T3 0 * 5 „ N 6 > . - 
. — 7 a 4 . N 4 5 1 . - — . * * 1 * = 
JJ f IMS RIS e 3 
Mk 33% 4 wt "6 | . 
wann 


2 
+ ae a 
* 


* 
. 


2 
- 
2 
by 
— 
o 
£L 
- 


* 
4 


70 HN RICH Eſq; 


STIR, 

T may ſeem a little particular, that, when 
lam attempting to reſtore SHAKESPEARE, 
_ I ſhould addreſs that Work to One, whe 
has gone a great Way towards ſhutting him out of 
Doors; that is, towards baniſhing him the Bene- 
fit of the Stage, and confining us to read him in 
the Cloſet. Let me ſtand excuſed from intending 
any perſonal Accuſation here; for it is not You, 
indeed, but that Affection, with which Entertain- 


A 2 ments 


Fs 


55 
. £ o 


"Us 1A 14 


other, 


The Devic 470 . 


ments of A. diſſerent Species are Purſlied, has done 
this; and therefore I would fain transfer the 


„Fault from You to the Town. Let us lay it upon 
„r 


Times, as We are ded my 4 0 fonte of our 


Ni 


Sins upon Fate and Providence. Or, perhaps 


J the ver Frame of our Nature is concern'd; and 
the Diſſecte rs of an Eye and Ear can tell us to what 


Membranes, or Organs, we owe the Communi- 


| cation of Pleaſures, in which the rational Soul 


bas no. Share. So ſhall we be able to account. 
both for the Reception of Gx OTE u. E and 


e | * 

| | | | DDS 
1 7 PANTOMIMING be a Debts of the 
= it is a Vice which is fo becoming in the 
Excel lence of Your own Performance, that I can 
ſcarce find in my Heart to be the firſt to wiſh 
it cur'd. Vet, as it is fabled of AcxgIELES's 
Spear, that it had a Virtue to heal the Wounds 
it made; ſo we may propheſy, one Time or 
that the _ of PANToMIMHES will be 


le 9 211. W A 


* 


Ibe DEDICATIOx. 


„Kalbe any the e of D R AMA TIC 
.Paetxy.,, , 7 wigs tf 


noqu 31 OF 20 95 


% IL Af, ulißed i in 42 Address of th adh the 
ſideration, which is, That however you may have 


been à Sinner againſt SHAKESPEARE, you are not 
an impenitent one. And as King Heyry IV. 
erected a Chapel to expiate the Inzuries which 
be had done to his Predeceſſor, King Richard 
ſo, the Town at leaſt ſay, you intend to appeaſe 
the, Mayes. of our Pokr by eredting a Moxuaent 
to him. Go on in that pious, that reputable 
Intention ; and, while the-Taſte of the Publick 
demands it of you, continue to ſacrifice freſh Pau- 
0 | Loonimes to his Memory; when their Palates alter, 
conyince them that You are provided to enter- 
tain them with an Elegance ſuitable to their Ex- 
. 10% 


2 Tak: ' 


MC" 


_ Bur 1. al all into a, 1 which [ had no 


Thoughts of 1 when I firſt ſate down to 
write this Epiſtle. The great Or WAY dedicated 


One 


The DE DIC AT ION. 
one of his Plays to his Bookſeller, as a Receipt 
for the Copy-Money; and I meant this merely 
(ff parva licet componere magnis) as an Acknow- 
ledgment of ſome Obligations receiv'd, which 
you will not expect me to ſpecify in Print. I de 
fign'd it to carry the Sentiments of F riendſbip 
and Gratitude ; but, where it falls ſhort in thoſe 
Points, let it make Amends by this Profeſſion, 
that You are always entitled, to the utmoſt of my 
poor Power, to demand all the Service 15. 


SIR, 
Nur moſt OBliged, and. _ 
82 5 Faithful Hundi "= 


March 18, 1725. 2 | 
Lewis TxeoBALD. 


— — — — — — CY ———— —— 
% SS Is SSIS ——— —_— "IOWA. 7 a 


SHAKESPEARE reſtor'd: 


OR, A 


SPECIMEN of ERRORS, Sc. 


INTRODUCTION. 


HAVE very often declar'd, and that in a num- 
ber of Companies, that what thro' the Indolence, 
what thro' the Ignorance of his EDITORS, we have 
N k S RATE] ſcarce any Book in the Engliſh Tongue more fer- 
ile of Errors, than the Plays of SHAKESPEARE. 
— And, I believe, whenever I have fall'n on this 
Subject, I have not fail'd to expreſs my Wiſh, that ſome fine Ge- 
nius, equal to the taſk, would befriend the Memory of this im- 
mortal Poet, and contribute to the Pleaſure of the preſent and 
of fyture Times, in retrieving, as far as poſlible, the original 
Purity of his Text, and rooting out that vaſt Crop of Errors, 


which has almoſt choak'd up his Beauties. 
B IT 


bs, 


„ 


e e OR CR 
W „ 0 * r oY _— m 4 43 


, 4 
——— 


1 


— = — 1h eta — OR 
<p , 7 * 0 
. 


PA 
r M 
« WW & © * 


i 


INTRODUCTTON. 


IT was no {mall Satisfaction therefore to me, when I firſt 
heard Mr. POE had taken upon him the Publication of 
SHAKESPEARE, I very reaſonably expected, from his 
known Talents and Abilities, from his uncommon Sagacity and 
Diſcernment, and from his unwearied Diligence and Care of 
informing himſelf by an happy and extenſive Converſation, we 
ſhould have had our Author come out as perfect, as the want of 
Manuſcripts and original Copies could give us a Poſſibility of hoping. 
I may dare to ſay, a great Number of SHAXzsPEARE's Admurers, 
and of Mr. PoE“ too, (both which I ſincerely declare myſelf,) 
concurred in this Expectation: For there is a certain curioſa fe- 
licitas, as was {aid of an eminent Roman Poet, in that Gentleman's 
Way of working, which, we preſum'd, would have laid itſelf 
out largely in ſuch a Province; and that he would not have 
late down contented with performing, as he calls it himſelf, 
the dull Duty of an EDITOR only. SHAKESPEARE's Works have 
always appear d to me like what he makes his HA ET compare 
the World to, an unweeded Garden grown to Seed And Iam ſorry 
there is ſtill reaſon to complain, the Weeds in him are ſo very 
ſparingly thin'd, that, not to ſpeak out of compaſs, a thouſand 
rank and unfightly ones are left to ſtare us in the Face, and clog 
the Delight of the expected Proſpect. 

Ir muſt neceſſarily happen, that where the Aſſiſtance of 
Manuſcripts is wanting to ſet an Author's Meaning right, and 
reſcue him from thoſe Errors which have been tranſmitted 
down thro' a Series of incorrect Editions, and a long Interven- 
tion of Time, many Paſſages muſt be deſperate, and paſt a Cure, 
and their true Senſe irretrievable, either to Care, or the Sagacity 
of Conjecture. 

AND there is one Unhappineſs too, which generally attends 
the Republication of Engliſh Books, which 1s, That being the Pro- 
perty of ſome Perſons in Trade, who, too often, know nothing 
more of their Copy than that there is a Demand for reprint- 
ing it ; and who are, withal, Perſons of ſuch commendable Fru- 
galiry, that they think every Farthing which is given for the 
Labour of Reviſe, to be ſo much Money given away for nothing: 


The Preſs is ſet to work from a printed Precedent, and ſo the 
more 


INTRODUCTION 


more the Editions of any Book multiply, the more the Errors 
multiply too, and - propagate out of their own Species. Of 
& this (to borrow the Words and Obſervation of my ingenious 
“Friend, Mr. SEYWEL;) Shakeſpeare is a very remarkable In- 
4 ſtance, who has been handed down, from Age to Age, very incor- 
rect, his Errors increaſing by Time, and being almoſt conſtantly 
* republiſh'd to his Diſgrace. Whatever were the Faults of this 
« great Poet, the Printers have been hitherto as careful to multiply 
them, as if they had been real Beauties; thinking, perhaps, with 
* the Indians, that the disfiguring a good Face with Scars of arti- 
” 2 Brutes, had improv d the Form and Dignity of the Per- 
cc on.” 

THis, indeed, has not been altogether the Caſe in the late 
Edition of SHAKESPEARE : The BoOKSELLER, who farms a 
Right to ſome part of this Author, and claims a Right to ſome 
other part of him, has ſo far miſunderſtood himſelf, (I mean, in 


Contradiction to the Rule of Trade,) as to be at the Expence of 


having his AUTHOR reviſed; and therefore we promiſed our- 
ſelves, this WORK would be compleat. | 

I HAVE ſo great an Eſteem for Mr. Pope, and ſo high an 
Opinion of his Genius and Excellencies, that I beg to be excuſed 
from the leaft Intention of derogating from his Merits, in this 
Attempt to reſtore the true Reading of SHAXEsPEARE. Tho I 
confeſs a Veneration, almoſt riſing to Idolatry, for the Writings of 
this inimitable Poet, I would be very loth even to do him Juſtice 
at the Expence of that other Gentleman's Character. But, I am 
perſuaded, I ſhall ſtand as free from ſuch a Charge in the Exe- 
cution of this Deſign, as, I am ſure, I am in the Intention of it; 
for I am aſſuming a Taſk here, which this learned Editor ſeems 
purpoſely (I was going to ſay, with too nice a Scruple) to have 
declined. 

To explain myſelf, J muſt be obliged to make a ſhort Quo- 
tation from Mr. PoE, in his Preface to SHAKESPEARE : © In 
* what ] have done, ſays he, I have rather given a Proof of my 
* Willingneſs and Defire, than of my Ability to do him Fuſtice. 1 

B 2 | * have 


In his Preface to the Seventh Volume of the Works of SHAKE SPEARE, in Quarto. 


11¹ 


iv 


INTRODUCTION. 


e have diſcharg'd the dull Duty of an Editor, to my beſt Judgment, 
4 with more Labour than 1 expect Thanks, with a religious Abhor- 
“ rence of all Innovation, and without any Indulgence to my pri- 
“vate Senſe or Conjecture. I cannot help thinking this Gentle- 
man's Modeſty in this Point too nice and blameable ; and that 
what he is pleaſed to call a religious Abhorrence of Innovation, is 
downright Superſtition : Neither can I be of Opinion, that the 
Writings of SHAKESPEARE are 1o venerable, as that we ſhould 
be excommunicated from good Senſe, for daring to innovate pro- 
perly ; or that we ought to be as cautious of altering their Text, 
as we would That of the ſacred Writings. And yet even They, 
we ſee, have admitted of ſome Thouſands of various Readings ; 
and would have a great many more, had not Dr. BENVTEET 
ſome particular Reaſons for not proſecuting his Undertaking 
upon the New Teſtament, as he propos d. 

CERTAINLY, that Phyſician would be reckon'd a very un- 
ſerviceable Member in the Republick, as well as a bad Friend to 
himſelf, who would not venture to preſcribe to a Patient, be- 
cauſe not abſolutely ſure to cure his Diſtemper : As, on the 
other hand, he would be accounted a Man of very indifferent 
Morals, if he raſhly tamper'd with the Health and Conſtitution 
of his Fellow- Creature, and was bold to try Concluſions only for 
private Information. The ſame Thing may be ſaid with regard 
to Attempts upon Books : We ſhould ſhew very little Honeſty, or 
Wiſdom, to play the Tyrants with any Author's Text ; to raze, 
alter, innovate, and overturn, at all Adventures, and to the 
utter Detriment of his Senſe and Meaning: But to be ſo very 
reſerv'd and cautious, as to interpoſe no Relief or Conjecture, 
where it manifeſtly labours and cries out for Aſſiſtance, ſeems 
almoſt as abſurd as the Indolence of that good honeſt Prieſt, who 


had for thirty Years together miſtakingly, in his Breviary, read 


Mumpfimus for Sumpfimus; and being told of his Blunder, and ſol- 
licited to correct it, The Alteration may be juſt, ſaid he; but, 
however, Tl not change my old MUMPsIMUs for your new Su r- 
SIMUS, | ; | 


FoR 


INTRODUCTION. 


For my own part, I don't know whether I am miſtaken in 
Judgment, but I have always thought, that whenever a Gentle- 
man and a Scholar turns Editor of any Book, he at the ſame Time 
commences Critick upon his Author; and that wherever he finds 
the Reading ſuſpected, manifeſtly corrupted, deficient in Senſe, 
and unintelligible, he ought to exert every Power and Faculty 
of the Mind to ſupply ſuch a Defect, to give Light and reſtore 
Senſe to the Paſſage, and, by a reaſonable Emendation, ro make 
that ſatisfactory and conſiſtent with the Context, which before 
was ſo abſurd, unintelligible, and intricate. 

Tris is a Tast, which, as I above intimated, Mr. PoE 
has purpoſely diſclaim'd, and which I (by what Fatality, or with 
what Event, I know not ; ) have taken upon my ſelf to proſecute. 
I am not inſenſible under what Diſadvantages I mult fet out upon 
ſuch a Work, and againſt ſuch an Antagoniſt ; - impar con- 
greſſus ACBILLI: But as I have laid it down as a Rule to my- 
{elf not to be arbitrary, fantaſtical, or wanton, in my Conjec- 
tures u our Author, I ſhall venture to aim at ſome little 
Share of Reputation, in endeavouring to reſtore Senſe to Paſlages 
in which no Senſe has hitherto been found; or, failing in that 
Hope, muſt ſubmit to incur, which I ſhould be very unwilling 
to do, the Cenſure of a raſh and vain Pretender. 0 

As SHAKESPEARE ſtands, or at leaſt ought to ſtand, in the 
Nature of a Claſhc Writer, and, indeed, he is corrupt enough 
to pals for one of the oldeſt Stamp, every one, who has a Talent 
and Ability this Way, is at liberty to make his Comments and 
Emendations upon him. This is a Palm, which (as TERENCE 
ſaid, of writing Comedies) is in common to every poetical 
Contender: 


— — In medio omnibus 
Palmam eſſe poſitam, qui artem tractaut muſicam. 


And he, who has the Luck to be allowed any Merit in it, does 
not only do a Service to the Poet, but to his Country and its 
Language. This Author is grown ſo univerſal a Book, that there 


are very few Studies, or Collections of Books, tho ſmall, 3 
which 


FT INTRODUCTION 


which it does not hold a Place: And there is ſcarce a Poet, that 
our Engliſh Tongue boaſts of, who is more the Subject of the 
Ladies Reading. But with what Pleaſure can they read Paſ- 
ſages, which the Incorrectneſs of the Editions will not ſuffer 
them to underſtand ? No Vein of Pedantry, or Oſtentation of 
uſeleſs Criticiſm, ineited me to this Work : It 1s a Sacrifice to the 
Pleaſure of SHAKXEsPEARE's Admirers in general; and ſhould 
it fail of all the Succeſs which I wiſh, it may chance to work this 
good Effect, That many will be tempted to read this Poet with 
a more diligent Eye than hitherto: The Conſequence of which 
will be, that better Criticks will make their own Obſervations, 
with more Strength than I can pretend; and this Specimen 
prove only an Invitation to lead them into nobler Corrections. 
If, however, till that happens, where SHAXESPEARE has yet, 
thro” all his Editions, labour'd under flat Nonſenſe, and invin- 
cible Darkneſs, I can, by the Addition or Alteration of a ſin- 
gle letter, or two, give him both Senſe and Sentiment, who 
will be ſo unkind to ſay, this is a trifling or unwarrantable At- 
tempt? Or, rather, if I may dare to flatter myſelf ſo far, what 
true Lover of this Poet, who ſhall find him ſo eaſily cur'd, 
will not owe his Thanks for a Paſſage retriev'd from Obſcurity, 
and no Meaning? and ſay, SHAXE8PEARE muſt certainly have 
wrote ſo But JI remember a Line in Horace, which 


ought to ſtop me ſhort, and give me ſome Fears: 
Quid dignum tanto feret hic promiſſor hiatu? 


I am running too largely in debt, upon Promiſe, to my Rea- 
ders, and they are calling for Payment in ſome Specimens of 
my Performance. 

I am ſorry that the Uſe and Intention of this Undertaking 
ties me down to the Neceſſity of one unpleaſant Office, That of 
ſetting right the Faulcs in Pointing, and thoſe meerly literal, 
committed by the Printer, and continued by too negligent a 
Reviſal. This is the Drudgery of Correction, in which I could 
wiſh to have been ſpar'd, there being no Pleaſure in the Execu- 


tion of it, nor any Merit, but that of dull Diligence, when exe- 
g cuted. 


1 nn —_— 1 0 Pp a 


5 


INFTRODUCFIOCR 


cuted. But, unpleaſant as it is, even this Part muſt be diſpens'd 
wich; and all that I can do, to eaſe myſelf or Readers in it, is 
to mark theſe minute Corrections with all poſſible Brevity, and 
proceed to more important Matter. 

I cAN ſcarce ſuſpect it will be thought, if I begin my 
Animadverſions upon the Tragedy of HA ET, that I have been 
partial to myſelf in picking out this Play, as one more fertile 
in Errors than any of the reſt : On the contrary, I choſe it for 
Reaſons quite oppoſite. It is, perhaps, the belt known, and one 
of the moſt favourite Plays of our Author: For theſe thirty 
Years laſt paſt, I believe, not a Seaſon has elaps'd, in which it 
has not been perform'd on the Stage more than once; and, 
conſequently, we might preſume it the moſt purg'd and free 
from Faults and Obſcurity. Yet give me Leave to ſay, what I 
am ready to prove, it is not without very groſs Corruptions. 
Nor does it ſtand by itſelf for Faults in Mr, PoE s Edition: 
No, it is a Specimen only of the epidemical Corruption, if I 
may be allowed to uſe that Phraſe, which runs thro all the 
Work: And I cannot help ſaying of it, as Æneas does of the 
Greeks Treachery upon the Inſtance of Sinon's, 


— — Crimiue ab uno 
Diſte OMnes: ---onnon——= 


IF HAMLET has its Faults, ſo has every other of the Plays; 
and I therefore only offer it as a Precedent of the ſame Errors, 
which, every body will be convinced before I have done, poſ- 
ſeſs every Volume and every Play in this Impreſſion. 

BUT to proceed from Aſſertion to Experiment: In order to 
which I ſhall conſtantly be obliged, that the Emendations may 
ſtand in a fairer Light, to quote the Paſſages as they are read, 
with ſome part of their Context, in Mr. Pos Edition; and 
likewiſe to prefix a ſhort Account of the Buſineſs and Circum- 
ſtances of the Scenes from which the faulty Paſſages are drawn 
that the Readers may be inform'd at a ſingle View, and judge of 
the Strength and Reaſon of the Emendation, without a Refe- 
rence to the Plays themſelves for that purpoſe, But _ 

wil 


vii 


r r n Nn IP 4 n = as _ \ = Bag 
* . = * * - = 


* 
— 


— 
— ä 


* * 2 
— s ADOPT Te +. 


5 „ 


VIII 


pere. 


will be in no kind neceſſary, where Faults of the Preſs are 
only to be corrected: Where the Pointing is wrong, perhaps, That 
may not be alone the Fault of the Printer; and therefore I 
may ſometimes think myſelf obliged to aſſigu a Reaſon for my 
altering it. 

As every Author is beſt expounded and explaind in One 
Place, by his own Uſage and Manner of Expreſſion in Others; 
wherever our Poet receives an Alteration in his Text from any 
of my Corretions or Conjeftures, I have throughout endeavour d 
to ſupport what I offer by parallel Paſſages, and Authorities from 
himſelf: Which, as it will be my beſt Juſtification, where my 
Attempts are ſeconded with the Concurrence of my Readers; 
ſo, it will be my beſt Excuſe for thoſe Innovations, in which I 
am not ſo happy to have them think with me. 

I HAVE likewiſe all along, for the greater Eaſe and Pleaſure 
of the Readers, diſtinguiſh'd the Nature of my Corrections by a 
ſhort marginal Note to each of them, viz. Falſe Pointing, Falſe 
Print, Various Reading, Paſſage omitted, Conjectural Emendation, 
Emendation, and the like; ſo that every body will at once be 
appriz'd what Subject- matter to expect from every reſpective 
Diviſion. 


— — — — —————— — — 


"— wy TY. Wy 


THE 


Examination and Correction 


OF THY 


Tracey of HAMLET 


I. Act 1. Scene 1. Page 346. 
HEN you ſame ſtar, that's weſtward from the pole, 


N A made bir courſe tillume that part of heav'n 
828 Where now it burns, '-- == - | 


Sou of the old Editions read, Pillumine - which ſeems to be 
the trueſt deriv'd Word, (from illumino in the Latin,) and is 
the Word uſed by our Author in another Place. 


Two GENTLEMEN of VERONA, pag, 195- 
If T be not by her fair Influence 
Fofter'd, illumin'd, 
C In 


Varions 
Reading. 


The Examination and Correction 


In another of his Plays, our Poet has extended this Word to 
illuminate. 


Jur ius CESAR, pag. 234. 


———— What Traſh is Rome? 
hat Rubbiſh, and what Offal ? when it ſerves 
For the baſe Matter to illuminate | 

So wile a Thing as Cæſar? 


And I almoſt think, Mr. PoE was of the Opinion that illumine, 
rather than illume, in this Place of Hamlet, 1s the right Word ; 
ſince he, in another of the Tragedies, has wrote relumine, tho 
one of the old Editions there have it relume. 


' OTHELLO, pag. 578. 


J know not where is that Promethean Heat, 
That can thy Light relumine. -- - - - - 


But may it not be objected, that if we ſhould read, 
Had made his Courſe tillumine that Part of Heav'n, &c. 


this Additional Syllable ſpoils the Scanning of the Verſe? In a 
Word, too nice a Regard muſt not be had to the Numbers of 
SHAKESPEARE: Nor needs the Redundance of a Syllable here 
be any Objection; for nothing is more uſual with our Poet 
than to make a Dactyl, or allow a ſupernumerary Sy/lable, which 
is funk and melted in the Pronunciation. It were moſt eaſy 
to produce above a thouſand Inſtances of this Cuſtom in him ; 
but unneceſlary, becauſe they lie open to the Obſervation of 
every diſcerning Reader. 55 


U. Ibid. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 3 


II. Ibid. Page 347. 


So froun'd he once, when in an angry Parle [L,] Falſe Point- 
He ſmote the fledded Polack on the Ice. 1. 


All the old Editions, which I have ſeen, read it rightly with 
out the ſecond Comma; 


So frown'd he once, when in an angry Parte 
He /mote &c. 


III. Ibid. Page 380. 


Shall I ſtrike L ] it with my Partizan ? 2 
The Verſification manifeſtly halts here, without any Neceſſity. 

The ſecond Edition in Folio, printed in 163 2, and which is one 

of thoſe that Mr. PoE profeſſes to have collated, makes out 

the Numbers of this Line by reading, 


Shall I ſtrike at it with my Partizan 2 | 
IV. Ibid. Page 350. 
de I have heard, W299 Falſe Points 


The cock [L] that is the trumpet to the morn, 
Doth with his lofty and ſhrill-ſounding Throat &c. 


It ought to be pointed, as it is in the Quarto Edition, of 1637 ; 
(of which I ſhall have Occaſion to ſpeak anon.) 


- I have heard, 
The Cock, that is the Trumpet to the Morn, 
Doth &c. 


+ ie V. Ibid, 


Falſe Point- 


, and 
CoojeBural 
Emenda- 
tion, 


The Examination and Correction 


V. Ibid. Page 351. 


But look, the morn in ruſſet mantle clad L, 
Walks &er the dew 8c. 


Here again, either the ſecond Comma muſt be entirely taken 
away, or this Paſſage muſt be ſtopp'd thus; 


But look, - - - the Morn, in ruſſet Mantle clad, 
Malle &er the Dew &c. 


VI. Act 1. Scene 2. Page 352. 


 CLAauDIUs, King of Denmark, his Queen, Hamlet, and Cour- 
tiers, coming upon the Stage, the King makes a Speech, apolo- 
gizing, and giving Reaſons, for his haſty Marriage with his Bro- 
ther's Widow. He then proceeds to acquaint them, that For- 
zinbras of Norway, ſuppoſing the State of Denmark to be much 


| weaken'd and disjointed by the Death of the late King, had 


demanded, with Threats of Invaſion, certain Lands loſt by 
his Father to the ſaid late Daniſh King; and that therefore he 
(Claudius, the now King) had wrote Letters to the old King of 
Norway, deſiring him to ſuppreſs his Nephew Fortinbras's unjuſt 
Procedure in that Affair. This is the Buſineſs and Import of 
the Speech; let us now ſee how it ſtands in the Edition. 


--------- Nor have we herein barr'd 

Tour better wiſdoms, which have freely gone 

With this affair along L,] (for all, our thanks.) 

Now follows L, ] that you know ] young Fortinbras, 

Holding a mean ſuppoſal of our worth , | 

Or thinking by our late dear brothers death 

Our ſtate to be disjoint and out of frame [,] 

COLLEAGUED with this dream of his advantage [ ; ] 
He hathmot fail d to peſter ns with meſſage, &c. 


Tho 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Tho all the printed Copies, that ever I have ſeen, concur in 
reading Colleagued in this Place, I cannot but think it carries a 
harſh and intricate Senſe, and does not ſo aptly fall in with rhe 
Context. This makes me ſuſpect it corrupted from a Word 
very near it, both in Sound and Writing, and which carries a 
much more plauſible Meaning, as well as connects better both 
with what precedes and follows. Tis true, Colleagued ſignifies 
joined with, putting himſelf on the Side, or Faction of, &c. and 
therefore it is not to be utterly diſallowed in Senfe. But if we 
can only, with the Alteration of a Letter or two, ſubſtitute 
another Word that gives a ſtronger and more proper Image, and 
connects better with the Reaſoning of the Paſſage; I hope, I hall 
be allowed to offer it, at leaſt, as a Conjecture, if not as a Cor- 
2 Suppoſe therefore that SHAXESPEARE might write it 
thus; 


— Nor have We herein barr'd 

Tour better Wiſdoms, which have freely gone 

With this Affair along : (For all, our Thanks.) 

Now follows that you know, Toung Fortinbras, 

Holding a weak Suppoſal of our Worth; 

Or thinking, by our late dear Brother's Death, 

Our State to be disjoint, and out of Frame; 

* COLLOGUED with this Dream of his Advantage, 
He hath not faild to peſter us with Meſſage, &c. 


Here you have a Reaſon for the Young Man's Opinion, and 
Proceeding, and for his Inſolence in making the Demand on 
Denmark, viz, he being flattered, impoſed on, cajol'd, by the 
Dream of his Advantage, However, if the Readers are inclined 
to imbrace the firſt Reading, I am willing to retract Mine, or at 
leaſt keep it to my ſelf, which I propoſed but as a Gueſs. The 

| ; | Correction 


*Collogue, Blanditiis temtare, parim „A Lat. Collogsi ; vel ſi 4 Germanich 
Origine deducere malis, 4 Teut. Roſen, bo NR Bog: Loves, Mentiri: g. d. 
Aollogen d propter Exphoniam; : q. d. blandis Mendaciis mponere. 

SKINNER's Lexic, Etymolog,. 


1 


6 The Examination and Correfion 
Correction of the next Paſſage ſhall be founded on ſomething 
more than Conjecture. 


VII. Ibid. 


Falſe Point- —_— We have here writ 

TE To Norway, uncle of young Fortinbras, 
' Who [] impotent and bed-rid, ſcarcely hears 
Of this his nephews purpoſe, to ſuppreſs 
His further gate herein [.1] n that the levies, 
The liſts, and full proportions are all made 
Out of his Subjects LJ 


That is, We have writ to the Old King to ſtop his Nephew's 
Expedition, becauſe his Army is compos d all out of the old Kings 
Subjects. But this Paſſage is ſo pointed, that, by the Reaſoning 
being disjoĩ ned from the Sentence of which it ought to be a Part, 
the Senſe is ſo much weaken'd, that it is almoſt loſt. Reſtore it 
therefore, as ſome of the Editions lead the Way; 


—.—— IWe have here writ 
To Norway, Uncle of young Fortinbras, 
Who, impotent and bed-rid, ſcarcely hears 
Of this his Nephew's Purpoſe, to ſuppreſs 
His further Gate herein; in that the Levies, 
The Liſts, and full Proportions, are all made 
Out of his Subjects 


VIII. Ibid. 


Suede 33 and ue here diſpatch 


E 4 
1 You, good Cornelius, and you Voltimand, 


FOR bearers of this greeting &c. 


of the Tragedy of Hamlet, 7 


The Word, Fox, here ſeems to be meerly ſupplimental, and 
introduced to keep the Verſe from halting ; beſides that, to diſ- 
patch for Bearers, is a bald and poor Expreſſion. It certainly will 
be more in the stile of Majeſty, if we may ſuppole the Poet 
wrote 


-=<=--- and we here diſpatch 
Zou, good Cornelius, and Jou, Voltimand, 
OUR Bearers of this Greeting &c. 


This Speaking in the plural Number connects exactly with the 
Beginning of the Sentence laſt quoted, We have here writ, and 
We here diſpatch You, and You, Our Bearers of this — to old 
Norway. Beſides, the Miſtake of for inſtead of our is ſo eaſy, 
that, in the ſecond Folio Edition, it has happen'd again in this 
very Act in another Paſſage; and the plain Senſe has led the 
later Editions to corect it. | | 


Haml.- Never to ſpeak of This that you have ſeen, 


Swear by my Sword. 
Ghoſt. Swear. | 
Haml. Hic, & ubique? Then we'll ſhift FOR Ground. 
IX. Ibid. 
Gtving to you no further perſonal power Pariexs 
OF TREATY with the King, Kc. * 


This is a Reading adopted, and of a modern Stamp, as I take 
it; either from Want of Underſtanding the Poet's genuine Words, 
or on a Suppoſition of their being too {tiff and obſolete. All my 
old Copies have it, as I think it ought to be reſtor'd, 


4 + - 


Giving to you no further per ſonal Pow'n 
TO BUSINESS with the King, &c. 


8 The Examination and Correction 


i. e. to negotiate, or tranſact with him. It is a Licence in our 
Poet, of his own Authority, to coin new Verbs both out of Sub- 
ſtantives and AdjeFives; and it is, as we may call it, one of the 
Quidlibet audendi's very familiar with him. Il throw in a few 
Inſtances of the like kind, and it were very eaſy, with little 
Pains, to produce a Croud more. 


(I.) TEMPEST, pag. 32. 


E — 2 The Setting of thine Eye and Cheek proclaim 
made Verbs. A Matter from Thee, and a Birth indeed, 


Which « throes thee much to yield. 


* Throes ſignify a Woman's Pains in Child-bearing; and he here uſes the Word 
for — . or gives thee thoſe Pains. | 5 


(2.) S0 again, pag. 54: 


That deep and dreadful Organ-Pipe, pronounc d 
The Name of Proſper ; it did * baſe my Treſpaſi, &c. 
0 it did play a terrible Baſe to it ; reſounded hoarſely in a Baſe-Tone. 


(3.) MipsUMMER NIGHT's DREAM, pag. 138. 
And as Imagination * bodies forth 


The Forms of Things unknown, the Poet”s Pen 
Turns them to Shape, &c. | 


gives them Bodies. 


(4-) Two GENTIEMEN of VERONA, pag. 213. 
Rerking as little what betideth me, 
As much I wiſh all Good befortune you. 
fall to you by good Fortune. 


(s.) Mz asvRE for MEASURE, pap. 370. 
Lord Angelo · dukes it well in his Abſence, &c. 
, repreſents, the Duke. (6.) And 


„ 
* wee 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


(C.) And again, pag. 371. 
Either this is Envy in You, Folly, or Miſtzking: the very Stream of 
his Life, and the Buſineſs he hath * helm'd, &c. 
manag d; ſteer'd, as at the Helm. 


: | 


(J.) MERCHANT of VENICE, pag. 20. 
Give him Direction for this merry Bond, 
And I will go and purſe the Ducats trait, &c. 
put them in a Purſe. x 


(8.) Kino LEARN, pag. 49. 
TT” I could as well be brought | 
To knee bis Throne, and, *Squire-like, Penſion beg, &c. 
b bend the Knee to. i 


(9.) Second Part of HENRT IV, pag. 352. 
And therefore will he wipe his Tables clean, 
And keep no Tell- tale to his Memory, © 
That may repeat and hiſtory his Loſs, &c. 
tell the Hiſtory of. 


(10.) HENR T V. pag. 418. 


245 Why ! what read you there, 
That hath ſo cowarded and chas'd your Blood 
Out of Appearance ? | 

* frighted, made a Coward of. 


(11.) HENRT VIII. pag. 444. 


———— And his own Letter, 
(The Honourable Board of Council out,) 
Muſt fetch in Him he * papers. 
marks down on Paper. 


(12,) 


The Examination and Correction 


(12.) Træro x of ATHENS, pag. 7. 


ED His large Fortune, 
Upon his good and gracious Nature hanging, 
Subdues and properties to his Love and Tendance 
All Sorts of Hearts. | 


makes them his own; gives him a Property in them. 


(13.) So CORTOL ANUS, pag. 128. 


—— That to*s Pow'r he would 
Have made them Mules, ſilenc'd their Pleaders, and 
Diſproperty'd their Freedoms. 


took away the Property of. 


(14. And again, pag. 200. 

1 5 ; Now, by the jealous Queen of Heaven, that Kiſs 
W T carried from thee, Dear; and my true Lip 
Hath virgin'd it &er ſince. 

8 | 2 kept It as chaſtely as a Virgin. 


| (135.) MACBETH, pag. 547. 
| | Ce Pre ſeen 
| | Hours dreadful, and Things frarge; but this ſore Night 
Hath trifled former Knowings. 
made Trifles of. 


(16.) AvTHoNnY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 402. 


— ——ää —2 Eros, 
Mculdiſt thou be * window'd in great Rome, &c. 


s plac'd in a Window. XA 


(17) 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


(17) OTHELLO, pag. 501. 
————g He hath atchieu'd a Maid 
That paragons Deſcription and wild Fame. 


” out-goes, ſets a Paragon, or Pattern to. 


(18.) TROITLUS, pag. 24. 
And with ridiculous and awkard Action 
(Which, Slanderer ! he Imitation calls;) 
He * pageants vs. 
plays us over, ſhews us as in a Pageant. 


IL 


I am afraid of growing too luxuriant in Examples of this Sort, 
or I could ſtretch out the Catalogue of them to a great Ex- 
tent, I ſhall only ſhew by a few Inſtances that it is as familiar 
with him to make ” Verbs out of Adjectives, and ſo ſhall return to 


HAML ET. 


(I.) WinTER's TALE, pag. 594. 
—————' Which had been done, 
But that the good Mind of Camillo * tardied 
My fwift Command. 
d, made ſlow, or tardy. 


(2.) CYMBELINE, pag. 213. 


———— Zou married ones, | 
F each of you would take this Courſe, how many 
Muſt murther Wives much better than themſelves 
For » wrying but a little? 


going awry. 


D 2 


Proofs of 
AdjeQives 
made Verbs. 


(3. 


"TFT 
43" % 
4 1 

_— 


12 


Parious 


Keadmg 


The Examination and Correfliou 


(3) TROILUS, pag. 111. 
Hark ! how Troy roars, how Heeuba eres out, 
How poor Andromache * ſhrills her Detour forth. 
« ſcreams ſhrilly. | 


(4.) Jus CESAR, pag. 288, 


And Nature muſt obey Neceſſity, 
Which we will * niggard with a little Reft. 
We will make but ſhort Reſt, be Niggards of it. 


(J.) Trrvs A DRONICUS, pag. 433. 
Patient your /elf, Madam, and Pardon me. 
make your ſelf patient. 


(G.) AnTrHoxY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 3 22. 


(It wounds thine Honour that I ſpeak it now,) 
Was born fo like a Soldier, that thy Cheek 
So much as lank'd not. 


grew lank, or lean. 


(7.) And, again, pag. 337. 
Age cannot wither her, nor Cuſtom ® ſtale 
Her infinite Variety. 
E make ſlale. 


Volt. In that, and all Things, will we ſhew our Duty. 
King. We doubt IN nothing, &c. 


of the Tragedy HAMUSETr. 13 
All the Editions, that I have ſeen, read, I think, more rightly, 


We doubt IT nathing. 


i. e. We in no wiſe doubt, but you will. 


XI. Ibid. Page 354. 


But yo umuſt know, your father loſt a father, 3 
That father U ] his, &c. i * 


All the Editions, that I have met with, old and modern, (and 
ſo, I know, the Players to this Day conſtantly repeat it,) read, 


But you muſt now, your Father loft a Father, | 
That Father loſt, loſt hit; 


The Reduplication of the Word loft here gives an Energy and 
an Elegance, which is much eaſier to be conceiv'd, than ex- 
plain'd in Terms. Every Reader of this Poet, however, muſt 
have obſerv'd how frequent it is with him to uſe this Figure, 
(which the Rhetoricians have call'd Anadiplofis ;) where he in- 
tends either to aſſert or deny, augment or diminiſh, or add a 
Degree of Vebemence to his Expreſſion. Of this Ulage, were it 
neceſlary, I could bring a great Number of Examples ; but the 
Inſtances, that I can at preſent remember in him, which ſeem 
moſt to reſemble this before us, are the following. 8 


(1.) OTHELLo, pag. 483. 
-- = The Duke dbes greet you, General, 
And he requires your haſt, poſt-haſt Appearance 
En on the Inſtant. 2 


(2.) Firſt Part of HE VRT IV. pag. 239. 
And That would nothing ſet my Teeth on Edge, 
' Nothing /e much as mincing Poetry. 


62 


14 The Examination and Correction 


(3) And Ro x 20, pag. 272. 


Fain would I dwell on Forme, fain, fain deny 
What I have ſpoke. 


(4) So Trmon of ATHENS, pag. 58. 


—— IWho dares, who dares, 
In Purity of Manhood, fland upright, 
And ſay, This Man's a Flaterer ? 


(5) And fo MAC BETA, pag. 581. 


J know him now. Good God betimes remove 
The Means, the Means, that make us Strangers. 


XII. Ibid. 
ade 9825 At any th.e muſt vulgar thing to Senſe. 
Correct it, 
As any the moſt vulgar Thing 8c. 
XIII. Ibid. Page 355. 


Falſe Point- And the king's rowſe the heav'n ſhall bruit again L 
"IM" Reſpeaking earthly Thunder. 


Read it with a Comma; 


And the King's Rowſe the Heav'n [hall bruit again, 
Reſpeaking earthly Thunder. 


XIV. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 


XIV. Act 1. Scene 3. Page 355. 


The King, Queen, and Court, quitting the Stage, Haut Er 
remains, and makes a Soliloquy ; beginning with this double 
Wiſh, either that his too ſolid Fleſh would melt away intoa Dew, 


Or, that the Everlaſting had not fixt 
His CANNON gainſt Self-ſlaughter. - - - 


There is a various Reading upon this Paſſage, as Mr. Po PE 
might have obſerv'd, which, in my Opinion, merits a Conſide- 
ration, and, poſſibly, may give us the Poet's own Words. If he 
wrote it as it now ſtands, his Thought is, Or that the Almighty had 
not planted his Artillery, his Reſentment, or Arms of Vengeance 
againſt Self. murther: But the Quarto Edition, publiſhed in 1703. 
(which, indeed, has no other Authority, than its profeſſing to be 
printed from the Original Copy ;) and the Impreſſion of HA ET 
{et out by Mr. Hughs, Both read, 


Or that the Everlaſting had not fixt 
His CANON 'gainſt Self-laughter. 


i. e. That he had not reſtrain d Suicide by his expreſs Law, and 
peremptory Prohibition. Itisa Word that SHAXESPEARE has uſedin 
ſome others of his Plays; and the Miſtake of the Printers is ſo 
very eaſy, betwixt a double and a ſingle u, in Cannon and Canon, 
that it has actually happen d elſewhere in our Author upon both 
theſe very Words. | | 


CORIOL ANUS, pag. 148. 


His abſolute Shall? 
Comin. *Twas from the CANON. 


15 


Conject ura 
Emendation 


* 
9. 


16 The Examination and Correctiun 
i. e. from the Mouth of the Law, as Mr. Por rightly under- 
ſtands it; tho the ſecond Folio Edition has it corruptly, Tas 
om the Cannon. So again, on the other hand, twice in the 


ſecond Act of King Jon, the ſecond Folio Edition has it; 
De Canons have their Bowels full of Wrath, 8c. 
And afterwards, | 
Their batt*ring Canon, charged to the Months, Kc. 


Tho' tis manifeſt, in both Places, it ought to be Cannon, with a 
double n. I cannot help throwing in one Inftance mote, be- 
cauſe the Error has not only obtained in the old and common 
Modern Editions, but has likewiſe got a new | Santion in 
Mr. Po E's Edition. ark, | 


Tarox, pag. 59. 
Religious CANNONS, civil Laws are cruel, 
Then what ſhould War be? | 
* The Propagation of this Fault is manifeſtly owing to the Negli- 
=. gence of Reviſal ; and all future Impreſſions muſt correct it, 
-- - Religious Canons, c. But to paſs from theſe Miſtakes of 


the Preſs, there is another Paſſage in King Fon, where the Poet 
uſes the Word Canon to ſignify Decree or Ordinance, pag. 129. 


The CANON of the Law is laid on him, &c. 


So in CORIOL ANUS, pag. 119, 120. 
—— — Where ] find him, were it 
At home , upon my Brother's Guard, even there 
Againſt the hoſpitable CANON would I 
Waſh my fierce hand in's heart. 


But beſides that the Poet frequently employs the Terme, I have 
two or three Reaſons more which induce me to think, that, in 


this Place of HAL ET, he intended the Injunction, rather than 
2 the 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


the Artillery of Heaven. In the firſt Place, I. much doubt the 
Propriety of the Phraſe, fixing Cannon, to carry the Meaning 
here ſuppoſed. The Military Expreſſion, which imports what 
would be neceſſary to the Senſe of the Poet's Thought, is, 
mounting or planting Cannon And whenever Cannon is ſaid to 
be fix d, it is when the Enemy become Maſters of it, and nail it 
down. In the next Place; to fix a Canon or Law, isthe Terme 
of the Civilians peculiar to this Buſineſs. This Virgil had in his 
Mind, when he wrote, Aneid VI. 


- Leges fixit pretio, atque refixit. 


And it was the conftant Cuſtom of the Romans to ſay, upon 
this Occaſion, figere legem; as the Greeks, before them, uſed the 


Synonymous Term, meeanitu, But my laſt Reaſon, and 


which ſways moſt with me, is from the Poet's own Turn and 
Caſt of Thought : For, as he has done in a great many more In- 
ſtances, it is the very Sentiment which he falls into in another 
of his Plays, tho' he has cloath'd it in different Expreſſions. 


CYMBELINE, pag. 178. 


——— *Gainſt Self-ſlaughter 
There is a PROHIBITION | divine, 


That cravens my week Hand. 
XV. Ibid. 


17 


After HAMLET has finiſh'd the two before mentioned Wiſhes, E Poine- 


He falls into this Deſcant on the Groſſneſs of the World, and 
on his Mother's haſty Marriage with his Uncle. 


How weary, ſtale, flat, and unprofitable L] 

Seem to me all the uſes of this world [?] 

Fie owt! oh fie! tis an unweeded Garden [] 

That grows to Seed ; things rank, and groſs in nature L] 
Poſſeſs it meerly L] that it ſhould come thus L. 

But tuo months dead ! &c. IE 
E Beſides 


ing, and va- 
ns Read 


18 


The Examination and Correflion 


Beſides that the Hemiſtich --- that it ſhould come thus, . is 
very mean and bald, as well as very indifferent Engliſh ; I think, 
the Editor ought to have taken Notice, that there is a various 
Reading of old Date; which I verily believe to be the true One, 
becauſe it makes the Paſſage much more elegant, and connective 
with what follows. The whole Paſſage ſhould be pointed, and 
ſtand thus; 


How weary, flale, flat, and unprofitable, 

Seem to me all the Uſes of this World ! 

Fie ow't ! oh, fie! *Tis an unmweeded Garden, 

That grows to Seed: Things rank, and groſs in Nature, 
Poſſeſs it meerly. --- That it ſhould come to this ! - - - 
But Two Months dead! &c. 


This is an Exclamation that our Poet makes his Lear, when 
in the Height of Agony for his Daughter's Ingratitude to him, 
ſtopping ſhort his Paſſion, break into: 


LEAR, pag: 27; 
| === ---- == Old fond Eyes, 
Beweep her once again, Tl pluck you out, 
And caſt you, with the Waters that you boſe, 
To temper Clay. Ha! --- Is it come to this? 


So likewiſe Cleopatra, when Anthony is rating and taxing her with 


Incontinence, for ſuffering Ceſar's Agent to kiſs her hand, ſur- 
prized at the Extremity of his Jealouſy, cries out, pag. 381. 


—— Oh! Lt come to this ? 


So HAMLET, here, having made his general Reflexions upon 


the Groſſneſs of the World, breaks into an Interjection of Sur- 


ize at once, and turns his Thoughts in rs upon his 
Mother's Conduct with Regard to her ſecond Marriage: And ſo 
proceeds gradually to the Conſideration of her late —_— 
ES . Tenderne 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. I9 


Tenderneſs to her, and a Compariſon betwixt him and her pre- 
ſent Conſort. 


XVI. Ibid. 


Co excellent a king, that was, to this, — 
Hyperion to a Satyr: So loving to my Mother, 

That he permitted not the winds of Heat'n 

Viſit her face too roughly, 


Here, again, is a Paſſage in which we have a ſophiſticated Read- 
ing, copied from the Players in ſome of the Modern Editions, for 
Want of underſtanding the Poet, whoſe Text is corrupt in the 
old Impreſſions : All of which, that I have had the Fortune to 
ſee, read, | 4 


— — So loving to my Mother, 5 | 
That he might not BE TEENE the Winds of Heav'n 
NDiſtt ber Face tos roughly, | 


Tis true, there is no ſuch Word in Engliſh, that I know of, 
as beteene; and yet I am verily perſwaded, our Author's Words 
were fo very like it, that it is only a Corruption from the Miſ- 
take of a ſingle Letter, and two Words getting too cloſe together. 
See, how =T a Change reſtores you the Poet's own Words and 
Meaning, ; 


That he might not LET FEN the Winds of Heav 
Viſit her Face too roughly. - 


Married with mine Uncle, Way Pub, 
My father's brother ; L] no more lite my Father, 2 


Than I to Hercules. | | 
E 2 Thus 


20 


Various 


Reading. 


The Examination and Correction 


Thus Mr. PoE reads it, with a nice Regard to the Numbers; 
not conſidering how perpetually the Poet, as I before remark'd, 


melts a ©, a vanp in Pronunciation. The Generality, if not All, 
of the Editions have it with an emphatical — in the 


Middle of the Reflexion. 


—— Married with mine Uncle, 
My Father's Brother : --- but no more like my Father, 
Than I to Hercules. 


XVIII. Act 1. Scene 4. oc 
==------ Two-nights together &c. 

Correct, with all the Editions, 

| drr Tus Nights together &c; 


There is no more Reaſon for the Hyphen here, than there would 
be a little lower at this Verſe, 


— them the third Night held &c: 
XIX. Ibid. 
Haml. Indeed, L] Sirs, but This troubles me. 


The ſecond Folio Edition (as Mr. PoE might have obſerv'd, 
who in ſo many Paſſages has a particular Regard to the Num- 
bers,) makes a full Verſe of this ; 


Indeed, Indeed, Sirs, but This troubles me. 
Which Reduplication of the Word ſeems to give a much ſtronger 


: Emphaſis to Hamlet's Concern, 


XX, Ibid. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 21 
XX. Ibid. Page 339. 


Haml. His Beard was griſly? 2 Pria- 
Hor. It was, as have ſeen it in his Life, 
A ſable-ſitver*d. 


Here again, with the old Editions, the Hyphen ought to be re- 
mov'd, and we muſt read, 


A Sable ſitver'd. 


i.e. 4 black, ( ſubintellig. Beard; and the Adjefive is put like a 
Sub ſtantive,) grown white, or ſilver d over with Age. 


XXI. Actr. Scene 5. Page 360, I. 


w———-—--- but you muſt fear [LI 2 * 
His greatneſs weigh d, his will is not his un. | | 


As this is pointed, the Senſe is abſolutely maim'd ; for Great- 

neſs appears the Accuſative Caſe to the Verb fear: Whereas, in 

— Poet's Meaning, it is an Ablative abſolute, Read it there- 
re, a 


His Greatneſs weigh d, his Will is not his own. 


That is, his Greatneſs being weigh'd or confider'd by you, you 
muſt have this Fear, that his Will is not in his own Power, but 
ſubject to the State. | 4 


XXII. Ibid. Page 361. 
———m for on his Choice depends , Confect ara 
The SANCTITY and Health of the whole State. Ma 
I do not well underſtand the Force, or Reaſon, of the Word 


Sanctity in this Place, Does it mean the Sacredneſs and Reve- 


22 


The Examination and Correclion 


rence due to Majeſty? They could not ſo well ſuffer by HAfET's 
Choice of a Wife; but the Health, or Preſervation, of the State 
might, in ſome Degree, be concerned by it. The Quarto Edi- 
tion of 1637 has a Various Reading, which I find Mr. Hughs 
has eſpouſed in his Impreſſion of this Play, viz. The Safety and 
Health &c. The Meaning, tis true, of the Poet is here im- 

lied, tho' not expreſs d in his ownTermes; but the Ver fification 
is miſerably crippled by it. To depart therefore not above a 
Letter or two from the preſent Reading for the Poet's own 


Word, as I conceive; ſuppoſe, he might have wrote, 


The SANITY, and Health, of the whole State. 


i. e. The Welfare, Preſervation &c. The Word Sanity might not 
be ſo well known to the firſt Editors, as the other; as therefore 
ſuſpecting it a Miſtake of their Copy, they, with the more Rea- 
dineſs, might ſubſtitute Sandity in its Room. Not but this 
very Term occurs again afterwards in the ſecond Act of this Play. 
And that Sanity and Health, put together, may not be thought 
a Tautology to be queſtion d in our Author, in the next Paſ- 
Gage, where I find it, it is likewiſe joined with a Synonymous 
Word of its own Efficacy and Sigmfication. 


HAMLET, page. 386, 


How pregnant, ſometimes, his Replies are? 
A Happineſs that often Madneſs hits on, 
Which SANITY and Reaſon could not be 
So proſp rouſſy deliver'd of. 


For by Sanity here is meant not the Health of Body, but Sound- 
neſs of Underſtanding. Now, to ſhew how natural it is for the Preſs 
to make a Miſtake betwixt Words ſo like one another, as Sanctity 
and Sanity: It happens that the Quarto Edition of HA ET, which 
I above mentioned, printed in 1703. reads the very Paſlage, 
la quoted, in this corrupt Manner: -- How pregnant ſome» 
times his Replies are! A Happtneſs that often Madneſs bits on, 


which 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


which Reaſon and Sanctity could not ſo happily be deliver d of. Here 
Sanctity, as in the other Paſſage, is erroneouſly ſubſtituted in the 


Place of Sanity. And to deal freely, I have ſuſpected that the 


{ſame literal Slip upon this Word has been made in another Paſ- 
ſage of our Poet: I fay, it has been a Suſpicion of mine; for I 
urge it no farther than as ſuch, and with the utmoſt Diffdence. 
However, I ſhall give it here, as Occaſion offers, and ſubmit it 
to the Deciſion of better Judgments, The Place is in Macbeth, 
pag. 580. where Malcolme, Macduff, and an Engliſh Phyſician, 
are talking of the extraordinary Gift to- King Edward the Con- 
feſſor, of curing by his Touch poor Souls that could find no 
Relief from the Aid of Phyſick, in that Diſtemper which ſuc- 
ceeding Times have call'd the King's Evil. The Words are theſe : 


Malc. +------- Comes the King forth to Day? 

Doctor. Ay, Sir ; There are a Crew of wretched Souls 
That ſlay his Cure; their Malady convimces 
The great Aſſay of Art. But at his Touch, 
Such SANCTITY hath Heaven given his Hand, 
They preſently amend. 


I do not enirely object to this Reading that has the Warrant 
of all the Copies on its Side; nor am I at a Loſs, I think, to 
underſtand its Meaning, Edward the Confeſſor was a Man of 
ſingular Holineſs, for which Heaven bleſs d him with that mi- 
raculous Power of curing by a Touch. But did the Sanity of 
his Hand do theſe Cures? Or was it an healing Pro impart- 
ed by Heaven, inReward of his rare Piety ? Certainly, the latter : 
And This has induc'd me to ſuſpect that our Poet wrote; 


— — But at his Touch, 
Such SANITY hath Heaven giv'n his Hand, 


They preſently amend. 


i. e. Such a Quality and Power of making whole all whom he touches: 
This Conjecture, perhaps, will receive ſome Strength from cer- 


tain Expreſſions in the Reply of Malcolwe to this Account of 


the Doctor. A 


23 


24 The Examination and Correction 


A moſt miraculous Work in this good Ring; 

Which often ſince my here-remain in England, 

Prue ſeen him do. How he ſollicits heav'n, 

Himſelf beſt knows ; but ſtrangely-viſited People, 

All ſiwoln and ulc rous, pitiful to the Eye, 

The meer Deſpair of Surgery, he cures ; 

Hanging a Golden Stamp upon their Necks, 
Put on with holy Prayers: And, tis ſpoken, 

To the ſucceeding Royalty he leaves 

The healing BenedifFion - - - - - - 


I ſhall leave it here naked, without any reinforcing, to be em- 
braced, or rejected, at every Reader's Pleaſure : Being reſolved 
not to draw upon my ſelf the Odium of impoſing what I pro- 
feſſed to offer but as a Gueſs; or the Chance of being laughed 
at for too fondly maintaining what may happen to be repugnant 
to every good Judge's Senſe and Underſtanding, 


XXIII. Ac x. Scene 6. Page 362. 


Eamon, er here, Laertes ! get aboard for ſhame L. 
3 3 4 The wind ſits in the ſhoulder of your Sail, 


And you are ſtaid for [ ] there L. 10 Bleſſing with you; 


Here again the Editor ſeems in the firſt Verſe to have a nice 
Regard to the Numbers. In all the old Editions, that I have 
Teen, the firſt Verſe is ; | 


Zet here, Laertes “ Aboard, aboard, for Shame; 


But the Variation is of no Moment. But then, in the third Line, 
why is not And you are ſtaid for -- as good, and as full 
Senſe as --- And you are ſtaid for there? This Adverb in the Cloſe 
ſeems a dragging and an idle Expletive ; and of no Uſe but to 
{ſupport the Meaſure of the Verſe. But if we come to point 
this Paſſage right, and to the Poet's Intention in it, we ſhall 
find it neither unneceſſary, nor improper, in its Place. In the 
SETS, | Speech 


F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 25 
Speech immediately preceding this, Laertes taxes himſelf for 


ſtaying too long: but ſeeing his Father approach, he is willing 
to ſtay for a Second Bleſſing, and kneels down to that End. 


Laer. I ſtay too long ; - - - But here my Father comes : 
A double Bleſſing is a double Grace; 
Occaſion ſmiles upon a ſecond Leave. [Kneeling. 


Polonius gives him his Bleſſing accordingly ; and therefore it 
ks ja to be read, (as I perceive my Two Quarto Editions of 163 7, 
and 1703, have it;) in Support of my Conjecture, 

Tet here, Laertes! Aboard, aboard, for Shame : 

The Wind ſits in the Shoulder of your Sail, 

And you are ſtaid for. - - - There, - - - my Bleſſing with you ; 


[ Laying his Hand on Zaertess Head* 
XXIV. Ibid. Page 36. 
What ib t, Ophelia, he [ ] Vid to jou? 2 


All my Editions have it, more numeroully ; 
What ist, Ophelia, he hath ſaid to you? 


XXV. Ibid. Page 363. 


=== Tender your ſelf more dearly ; Vario = 
Or ( not to crack the wind of the poor phraſe) 2 
WRONGING ff thus, yowll tender me a fool. 3 


The ſecond Folio Edition and Mr. Hughs's read, --- Roaming it 
thus, --- Which Word, indeed, as our Etymologiſts explain it, me- 
taphorically takes in our Poet's Meaning : and in ſuch Senſe is fre- 
quently uſed by him in ſeveral others of his Plays. But as, Wronging 
it, has the Authority of ſeveral old Books, we may correct the Paſ- 
ſage with much leſs Variation from the preſent Text, thus: 


———— Tender your ſelf more dearly; 
Or, (not to crack the Wind of the poor Phraſe,) 
RANGING it thus, youll tender me a Fool. 


Wi 2 Ge 


26 The Examination and Corref ion 


i. e. You, behaving yourſelf with ſo much Careleſſneſs and Li- 
berty, will bring me into Contempt for not taking ſtricter Care 
of your Conduct. 


XXVI. Act. 1. Scene 6. Page 364. 


Conjedtwral OPHELIA having received the Addreſſes of HAMLET, Polonius, 
=” her Father, takes her to Task for Indiſcretion in too lightly 
giving an Ear to the Prince's Proteſtations. He tells her, that 
HAMLET may walk with a greater Latitude, than her Honour 

and Reputation will, admit her to imitate : And beſides that, 

being in the Heat of Youth, and profeſſing himſelf a Lover, 

his Soul was prodigal to lend his Tongue Vows ; which Polonius 

cautions her to look upon not as the real Sentiments of his 

Heart, but as Baits to betray her Virtue. Upon which he counſels 


her thus: | N 
-==--=- In few, Ophelia, 
Do not believe his vows ; for they are brokers, 
Not of that die which their inveſtments ſhew 
But meer implorers of unholy ſuits, 
Breathing like ſantiified and pious BONDS, 
The better to beguile. = - n 


Thus indeed all the Impreſſions, which have ever come in my 
Way, read this Paſſage; even that Edition of HAL ET, reviſed 
by the late accurate Mr. Joh Hughs., I muſt own, I have al- 
706 ſtumbled at it; and been ſurprized how Men of Genius 
and Learning could let it paſs without ſome Suſpicion, What 
Ideas can we form to our ſelves of a breathing BOND, or of 
its being ſanctiſed and pious? Surely, ſo abſurd a Thought 
could ſcarce come from SHA4XegsPEARE. The only tolerable 
Way of reconciling it to a Meaning . without a Change, is to 
ſuppoſe that the Poet intends by the Word Box ps, Verbal Ob- 
ligations, Proteſtations ; and then, indeed, theſe Bonds may, in 
ſome Senſe, be ſaid to have Breath But this is to make him guil- 


ty of overſtraining the Word and Alluſion; and it will 2 * | 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


bear that Interpretation, at leaſt, not without much Obſcurity. 
As he, juſt before, is calling amorous Vows, Brokers, and Im- 
plorers of unholy Suits; I think, a Continuation of the plain and 
natural Senſe directs us to an eaſy Emendation, which makes the 
whole Thought of a Piece, and gives it a Turn not unworthy of 
our Poet. I am, therefore, very willing to ſuſpect it came from 
his Pen thus, tho' none of his Editors have ever been aware of 
it; | 


—— — In few, Ophelia, 
Do not believe his Vows; for they are Brokeys, 
Not of that Dye whith their Inveſtments ſhew, 
But meer Implorers of unholy Suits, 
Breathing like ſanctiſſed and pious BAWDS, 
The better to beguile. 


It is uſual with our Poet, as his Critical Readers muſt have ob- 
ſerved, to give thoſe infamous Creatures the Style and Title of 
Brokers ; of which it may not be amiſs to ſu join a few Ex- 
amples. In his two Gentlemen of Verona, page, 161. Lucetta, 
the Servant of Fulia, having received a Love-Letter 'to her 
Miſtreſs as in her Name, Julia, who has a Mind to ſhew a Diſ- 
like of this Proceeding in her Maid, thus repremands her. 


Now, by my Modeſty; a goodly BROKER / 
Dare you preſume to harbour wanton Lines ? 
To whiſper and conſdire againſt my Touth ? 
Now, truft me, "tis an Office of great Wofth; 
And you an Officer fit for the Place. 


Where it is plain that Broker is uſed but as a more modeft Word 
for Bawd; and the Buſineſs of ſuch a One is defcrib'd in the Lines 
that follow it. | 
So likewiſe in All's well that ends well, pag. 420. Helena, diſ- 
courſing with the Widow her Hoſteſs, concerning Count Ref- 
fillion's Condutt ; and the Widow intimating that her Daughter 
72 Diana 


28 


The Examination and Correction 


Diana might have an Affair with him, if ſhe pleas d; Helen a ſays 
that, It may be, the amorous Count ſollicits her in the unlaw- 
ful Purpoſe: To which the Widow replies, 


—— He does indeed, 
And brokes with all that can in ſuch a Suit 
Corrupt the tender Honour of a Maid. 


Where brokes, or brokers, evidently implies -- tampers with, 
treats with, as with Bawds. | 

So likewiſe in King JoHN, page 142. Falconbridge deſcanting on 
Commodity and Selt-Intereft, and how all Ranks and Degrees of 
Perſons were ſubſervient to it, and, as it were, {educ'd and betray d 
to forſake Virtue thro its Inſtigations, uſes theſe Expreſſions : | 


That BROKER, that ſtill breaks the Pate of Faith, 
That daily Break-Vow, He that wins of all, 

Of Kings, of Beggars, Old Men, Toung Men, Maids, 
Who having no external Thing to loſe | 
But the Word Maid, cheats the poor Maid of That, &c. 


And, afterwards, a little lower he ſubjoins, 
| This BAWD, this BROKER, Ge. 


Bzs1DEs, what ſtrengthens my Suſpicion, and makes this Emen- 
dation the more neceſſary and probable, is, the Words with which 


the Poet winds up his Thought, the better to beguile. Every Body, 


I beliere, is ſatisfied that it is the Cuſtom of Bawds to put on 


an Air and Form of Sanctity, to betray the Virtues of Young 


Ladies; by drawing them firſt into a kind Opinion of them, from 
their exterior and diſſembled Goodneſs. And Bawds in their Of- 
fice of Treachery are likewiſe properly Brokers ; and the Implo- 
rers, and Promoters, of unholy (that is, unchaſte) Suits ; and fo 
z Chain of the ſame Metaphors is continued to the End. , 


XX VII. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 
XXVII. 


Wr come now to a degraded Paſſage, as Mr. Popx ſtiles it; Emenda- 
that is, One not receiv'd into the Text, but plac'd (as ſuſpected, 


and too bad to belong to SHAKXESPEARE;) at the Bottom of his Page. 

I muſt tranſcribe the whole Paſlage, tho' long, before I attempt 
to ſet it right ; becauſe it happens to labour under falſe Spelling, 
falſe Pointing, falſe Reading, falſe Concord, and flat Nonſenſe. 
Mr. PoE introduces the Verſes with this ſhort Note. | * Theſe 
21 Lines following are in the firſt Edition, but ſince left out, perhaps 
being thought too verboſe. Since left out? I have a Quarto 
Edition, which, I ſuppole, Mr. Porpz never ſaw ; (printed by 
R. Yowng and John Smethwicke, in the Year 1637.) where they 
are not left out; but inſerted with an Addition, which, tho' very 
corruptly printed, when amended, I doubt not will appear to 
be of our Author's own Writing: And they are again inſerted in 
the other Quarto Edition publiſh'd in 1703, and in the Hamrzr 
reviſed by Mr. Hughs. So that they have not been left out, al- 
together, from the Time of the firſ# Publication. But to the 
Lines; 

HAMLET, holding the Watch with Horatio, in Order to ſee his 
Father's Apparition, a Noiſe of Warlike Muſick is heard : Which 
Horatio deſirous to know the Meaning of, HAMLET tells him, that 
the King ſat up to drink, and whenever he took his Draught, 
the Kettle· Drum and Trumpet proclaim d the Triumph of his 
Pledge. Horatio aſking, whether it was a Cuſtom; HAMLET re- 

lies, Yes; but one that, in his Opinion, it were better to 
nar than obſerve : And then falls into the following Reflexion, 
how the Danes were reproach'd for Drunkenneſs, and what a 
Blot that Character was in their Eſcutcheons. 


(1.) This heavy-headed revel, eaſt and-weſt [ 

* (2.) Makes us traduC'd, and tax*d of other nations [L.] 

(3) They CLIP ws drunkards, and with fwiniſh phraſe 
Soil our addition; and indeed it takes | 


* 


29 


ns. 


Ack. r. &. 
P. 365. 


30 The Examination and Correction 


From our atchievements, tho perform d at height, 
The pith and marrow of our attribute. 
(4) So [J it chances in particular men, | 
(5% That for ſome vicious MOLE of nature in them, 
As m their birth (wherein they are not guilty, 
(6.) Since nature cannot chuſe his origin []) 
By the overgrowth of ſome complexion, 
Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reaſon ; 
Or, by ſome habit, that too much o er- leaven: 
The forme of plauſive manners ; that theſe men 
| Carrying, 1 ſay, the lamp of ine def, 
(7,38.) Geing nature 's hivery, or fortune's STAR[]) 
% HIS wirtnes elſe, be they as pure as grate, 
As infinite as man may undergo, 
Shall in the general cenſure take corruption 
(10.) From that particular fault. [The Dram of EASE 
(11) Doth all the noble ſublance of A DOUBT 
To bis own Scandal. | 


I coME now to the Corrections, in which I'll endeavour to be 
as brief as the Proofs, in Support of them, will give me Leave. 
The firſt Three Lines are mighty eaſily rectified, being only ac- 
cidentally, as I ſuppoſe, wrong pointed ; and one Word as acci- 


dentally, for Want of due Care in the Reviſal, wrong ſpelt : ( 
Which Miſtakes, - however, both alter and injure the Senſe. 
They muſt be read, as ſome of the Editions rightly have them. 
(.) This heavy-headed Revel, eaft and weſt, 
(z.) Makes ur trada'd, and tax*d of other Nations ; ( 


(3-) They CLEPE ws Drunkards, --- -- 


Ihe Senſe and Signaficationare very different betwixt the Words 
Clip and Clepe ; and the latter is manifeſtly intended here, wiz, * 
They call us Drunkards. The ſame Error has ſlipt the Editor's 
Diligence in another of our Author's. Plays, where this Word 
occurs again in the Senſe of calling - | 
| Mac- 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 31 


MACBETH, pag. 552. 


8 Water-rugs, and demy-wotves are CLIPT —_—_— 
Alt by the Name of Dogs. | 
In which Place it muſt be corrected, 
------ Water-rugs, and demy-wotves are CLEPꝰT 
All by &c. 


And ſo pclep'd, and pclep't, are to be met with an hundred 
Times in Chaucer, Spenſer, and Hudibras. But, in another Place 
of our Poet, I obſerve, the Editor has taken Care to ſpell this 
Word as it ought to be. 


WiNTER's TALE, pag. 556. 


Three crabbed Months had ſowr'd themſelves to Death, 
E're I could make thee open thy white Hand, | 
And CLEPE thy /elf my Love © Then didſt Thou utter, 
Pm yours for ever. | 


Now, to Clip, is illegally to cut or maim the Coin; and likewiſe 
to gripe or embrace: In Both which Senſes SHAXZSPEARE has more 
than once uſed the Word, As, in the Senſe of cutting the Coin, 


(1.) Kxxr in King LEAR, pag. 93. 
To be acknowledg'd, Madam, is o*erpaid ; 
Alm Reports go with the modeſt Truth, 
Nor more, nor clipt, but ſo. 


(2.) 80, King Hewzr V. in che Play 

Pag. 459. | en 

Indeed, the French may lay twenty French Crowns to one they wilt 

beat us, for they bear them on their Shoulders : But it is no Engliſh 

Treaſon to cut French Crowns; and to morrow the King himſelf 
vn be a Clipper. | 


8 * 
6 a 


which bears his Name, 


So 


The Examination and Correction 


So, in the other Senſe of embracing, 


(1.) King Fory, pag. 188. 
---- O Nation, that Thou couldſt remove 
That Neptune Arms, who * Thee about &c. 


(2.) CORIOLANUS, pag. 179. 
„ Here I clip 
The Awvil of my Sword, &c. 


(3.) AnTHonY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 3 51. 
M hate er the Ocean pales, or Sky in- clips, 
Ir thine, if thou wilt hat. 
(40 CYMBELINE, pag. 157. 


== ----- [ts meaneſt Garment , 


(5) And again, pag. 239. | 
_ Unknown to you, unſought , were clipt about 
With this moſt tender Air. 

6. And ſo OHEZLZo, page 542. 


| Witneſs, you ever-burning Lights above ! 
Tou Elements, that clip us round about ! 


There is one Place, indeed, i in which Mr. PoPE, and ſome of 
the former Editors, have writ this Word differently ; but it ought 


| ings corrected. 


1 
jo 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Second Part of Henry VI. pag. 169. 
And now loud houling M olves arouſe the Fades, 
That drag the Tragic melancholy Night: 
Who with their drowſy, flow, and flagging Wings 
Cleap dead Mens Graves; 


It ſhould be, clip dead Mens Graves, if I underſtand the Senſe 
of the Paſlage; i. e. claſp; hover over, brood upon &c. But to re- 
turn to the Paſſage immediately under Correction. 


(4) So [|] oft it chances in particular Men, 
(5) That for ſome vicious MOLE of nature in them, 
As in their birth (wherein they are not guilty, 
(6.) Since nature cannot chuſe his origin L) 
By the &ergrowth of ſome complexion, 
ft breaking down the pales and forts of reaſon 3 


What Relation is there betwixt a vicious Mole of Nature, and the 
Over-growth of a Complexion? Or how can a Vicious Mole be 
ſaid, or ſuppos d, in any Degree to break down the Fences of 
Reaſon, or blemiſh the Underſtanding? A Mole is an exterior De- 
fect, appearing upon the Surface of the Skin: and the Over- 
wth of a Complexion is, as I take it, an unequal Admixture 
of the Temperaments in the Frame and Compoſition of our Na- 
ture; thro' which we become faulty by the Defect of ſome good, 
or the Redundance of ſome ill, Quality. I am unwilling to be 
too poſitive in my Correction of this Place; but, I think from 
the Tenour of the Context, there is great Room to conjecture 
that our Author wrote | | 


So, oft it chances in particular Men, 
That for ſome vicious MOULD of Nature in them, &c. 


When Nature is unequally and viciouſly moulded, when any 
Complexion is too predominant, theſe Accidents may have an 


33 


Falſe Point- 
ings, and E- 
mendation. 


34 


The Examination and Correction 


Effect both on Conſtitution, and the Intellectual Faculties too; and 
then Reaſon, and the other Powers of the Mind, are impair 'd 
and prejudic d: And this I conceive to have been the Poets Sen- 
timent. To make Amends for my Doubt and Diffidence in this 
laſt Correction, I'll venture to be more poſitive in the Next I 


attempt. 


——— That theſe Men, 
Carrying, T1 ſay, the Stamp of one defect, 
(Being nature's livery, or fortune's STAR LJ) 


The Poet is inſinuating, that Men carrying the Stamp but of 
one Defect, whether it be Nature's Livery, or Fortune's Star, 
(that is, whether it is owing to Nature, or Accident; ) That 
ſhall in Character overpoiſe and blemiſh the whole Catalogue of 
their Virtues; and 255 them the Mark of vicious and corrupt 
Men. But is Fortune preſum d to give a Star, where ſhe means 
a Diſerace? I ſhould much rather ſuppoſe it an Enſign of her 
Favour, than defign'd to ſet a Mark of Fran. In * the 
Cure of this Fault i is ſo eaſy and obvious, that, I doubt not, but 


my Readers will acquieſce with me in thinking, that the Poet's 


Words werez 
(Being Nature's Livery, or Fortune r S CAR, 


And ſo the Senſe of the whole Paſſage hangs together, I am 
very willing to believe thar our Poet intends 1. 5 Livery as 
a Term of Reproach, and the Diſtinction of ſome diſcrediting 


Quality. And, in this Light, I find him uſing it in his Poem, 


call'd, TARQUIN and LUCRECE, pag. 41. 


Oh ! That is gone, for which I ſought to live, 
And therefore now 1 need not fear to die 5 
To clear this Spot by Death, at leaſt I give 
A Badge of Fame to Slander's Livexy 
A dying Life to living Infamy. 


And 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


And the Word Scar is employ'd by our Poet, not only, in its 
natural Senſe, to ſignify a Wound in Body; but, metaphori- 
cally, a Blemiſh to Reputation. So, in his AyTHoxnr and 
CLEOPATRA, pag. 379. 


The SCARS pon your Honour, therefore, be 
Does pity as conſirained BLEMISHES, 
Not as de ſervꝰ d. 


(9.) HIS Virtues elſe, be They as pure as Grace, 


The Poet ſpeaking all along before in the plural Number, as, 
in particular Men, that theſe Men &c. it is neceſſary, to preſerve 
the Concord, to read here; 


THEIR Virtues elſe, &c. 
Not but it is frequent with SH4xesPEF4Rz, whether thro' Neg- 


ligence, or Licentiouſneſs, to change his Numbers in this 
Sort. | | " 


35 


Emendation, 


Omiſſion 


I COME now to the concluding Sentence of this degraded a 9 


Paſſage; 


(10.) [oc The Dram of EASE 
(II.) Doth all the noble Subſtance of A DOUBT 
To his own Scandal. } 


Which, indeed, looks to be ſo deſperate, that, I ſuppoſe, Mr. 
PoE for that Reaſon only entirely left it out of his Quotation. 
In reality, I do not know a Paſlage, throughout all our Poet's 
Works, more intricate and deprav'd in the Text, of leſs Meaning 
to outward Appearance, or more likely to battle the Attempts 
of Criticiſm in its Aid. It is certain, there is neither Senſe, Gram- 
mar, nor Engliſh, as it now ſtands : Yet with a flight Alteration 
I'll endeavour not only to give it all three, but a Sentiment too, 
that ſhall make the Poet's Thought cloſe nobly. What can a 
Dram of EASE mean? or what can it have to do with the Con- 
text, ſuppoſing it were the allowed Expreſſion here? Or, in a 

G 2 Word, 


Emendation. 


36 


T he Examination and Correction 


Word, what Agreement in Senſe is there betwixt a Dram of Eaſe 
and the Subſtance of a DouBT? It is a deſperate Corruption; and 


the neareſt. Way to hope for a Cure of it, is, to conſider narrow- 


ly what the Poet muſt be ſuppoſed to have intended here. The 
whole Tenour of the Sentences foregoing, is, That let Men have 
never ſo many, or ſo eminent, Virtues, if they have one De- 
fe& which accompanies them, that ſingle Blemiſh ſhall throw 
a Stain upon their whole Character; and not only ſo, (if I un- 
derſtand him right,) but ſhall deface the very Eſſence of all 
their Goodneſs, to its own Scandal; ſo that their Virtues them- 


_ - ſelves will become their Reproach, This is not only a Conti- 


nuation of his Sentiment; but carries it up with a fine and 
proper Climax. I think, therefore, it ought to be reſtor d; 


eee The Dram of BASE 
Doth all the noble Subſtance of WORTH OUT 
To his own Scandal. 


The Dram of Baſe, i. e. the leaſt Alloy of Baſeneſs or Vice. It 
is very frequent with our Poet to uſe the Adjectiue of Quality 


| inſtead of the Subſtantive ſignifying the Thing. Beſides, I have 


obſerv'd thar, elſewhere, {peaking of Worth he delights to con- 
ſider it as a Quality that adds Weight to a Perſon, and connects 
the Word with that Idea So, particularly, in All's Well that 
ends well, Pag. 417. DT 


Let every Word weigh heavy of her WORT H, 
That he does weigh too light. 


And I am the more inclin'd to flatter my ſelf that my Emen- 
dation may have retriev'd the Poet's very Words, becauſe I find 
him uſing ſomething like the ſame Thought and Metaphors in 
another of his Plays, and putting the ſame Terms of Baſeneſs 
and Worth in Oppoſition to One another. 


cru: 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


CYMBELINE, pag. 185. 
From whoſe ſo many Weights of BASENESS cannot 
A Dram of WORTH be drawn. 


But I have intimated that it is frequent with our Poet to uſe 
the Adjettive of Quality, inſtead of the Subſtantive ſignifying the 
Thing; and it may be expected of me to alledge a few 
of this Practice in him. 


(1.) MxAsuxE for MEASURE, pag. 3 58. 
.A. for vou, 
Say what you can, my falſe o erweighi your true. 


i. e. My Falſhood o'erweighs your Truth. 


(2.) TwzLrTa-Nicat, pag. 488. -4 
Hou eaſy is it for the proper falſe 
In Womens waxen Hearts to ſet their Forms! 


i. e. Falſhood, or Diſguiſe, in a proper outward Appearance 


(3.) King LzA4R, pag. 71: 
Tf Wolves had at thy Gate howPd that ſtern time, 
Thou ſhouldſt have ſaid, Good Porter, turn the Key - 
All cruels elſe ſubſtribe: But I ſhall ſee 
The winged Vengeance overtake ſuch Children. 


i. e. All Things of Cruelty elſe. 


(% And again, pag. 73- 


—_— Full oft tis ſeen, 
Our mean ſecures us, and our meer Defet7s 


6. Our M neb, low Fo middling State: 
aa * (5) King 


38 The Examination and Currection 


(J.) King Jonv, pag. 128. 


This little Abſtract doth contain Th large 
Which dy'd in Geff ry 


i, e. That compleat Gb that full Size. 


(6.) And CorIor Anus, pag. 149. 


3 T Accu ſation, 
Which they have often made againſt the Senate, 
All Cauſe unborn, could never be the native 
O our ſo frank Donation. 


i. e. The natural Cauſe, the Nativity, Birth, Source. 


Bu T to proceed: As I have been oblig d to branch out this de- 
graded Speech 3 into ſo many Parcells; — divide it, the better 
to give the Reaſons of the Emendations ; it may not be improper 
to ſubjoine it once more entire, as corrected ; and leave it to 
the Judgment of the Publick, whether, notwithſtanding the 


Verboſeneſs objected to it, it ought for the future to be degraded, 
or receiv'd into the Text of our Author. 


Haml. This heavy-headed Revel, eaſt and weſt, 
Makes us traduc d, and tax*d of other Nations ; 
They clepe us Drunkards, and with ſwiniſh Phraſe 
Soil our Addition; and, indeed, it takes 
Fromour Atchievements, tho perform d at Height, 
The Pith and Marrow of our Attribute. 
So, oft it chances in particular Men, 
That for ſome vicious Mould of Nature in Them, 
As in their Birth, (wherein they are not guilty, 
Since Nature cannot chuſe his Origin, ) 
By the O'ergrowth of ſome Complexion, | 
Oft breaking down the Paler and Forts of Reg; 


Or 


of the Tragedy of AAMLET. 39 
Or by ſome Habit, that too much der- leaven: 
The Forme of plauſtue Manners : That theſe Men 
Carrying, I ſay, the Stamp of one Defet?, 
| (Being Nature's Livery, or Fortunes Scar,) 
/ Their Virtues elſe, be They as pure as Grace, 
As infinite as Man may undergo, 
Shall, in the general Cenſure, take Corruption 
From that particular Fault. The Dram of baſe 


Doth all the noble Subſtance of Worth out, 
To his own Scandal. 


XX VIII. 


WELL; Immediately after this Speech comes the Ghoſt; and Falſe Prine- 
HAMLET, in the Agonies of his Surpriſe and Concern, queſtioning, — 
how it comes about, that his dead Father, whom he had ſeen 
quietly repoſited in his Sepulchre, ſhould be caſt up again, has 
theſe Words: 


HAMLET, Aft 1. Sc. 7. pag. 366. 


. What may this mean? 
That thou dead coarſe again in compleat Steel 
Reviſaſt thus the glimpſes of the moon, | 
(1,2,3.) Making night hideous [ ? ] and WE. fools of nature [, 
(4) & HORRIDLY #0 ſhake our diſpoſition 
(s.) With thoughts beyond the reaches of our Souls L. ] 
Say, why is this? 


Beſides that this Paſſage is ſeveral times faulty in the Pointing, 
it 1s likewiſe faulty in Language. *Tis true, WE fools --- is a 
Reading that has the Countenance of all the printed Copies z 
but That Authority muſt nor give a Sanction to Nonſenſe, and 
falſe Grammar, to the Injury of our' Author, when a plain and 
unexceptionable Remedy 1s at hand. Making Night 1 and 

aun 


40 


The Examination and Correfion 
making We Fools of Nature . Every Body muſt immediately 
ſee is not Engliſh. I muſt not, however, diſſemble, that there 


are a few Paſſages more in our Poet, where I have obſerv'd the 
Nominative of Pronouns is uled, tho Grammar requires the Ac- 


' Ciſative. As, 


(1.) CORIOLANUS, pag. 202. 


———g And to poor WE 
Thine Eumity's moſt capital. 


But here it is a Fault as well as in HA E, and ought likewiſe to 
be corrected, And to poor US. There is another of this Sort 
which I have obſerv d too, in the Duke's Speech to Angelo in the 
ſecond Scene of MxAsURE for MEASURE, pag. 322. 


(2) —.—— Thy ſelf and thy Belongings 
Are not thine own ſo proper, as to waſte 
Thy ſelf upon thy Virtues; THEY on Thee. 


It is requiſite, to make it true Engliſh, to read, THEM on Thee. 
i. e. As, either, to waſte thy ſelf on thy Virtues, or thy Virtues 
on thy ſelf. So again, in ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 380. 


(3-) ------- Jhould I find them 
So ſawcy with the Hand of SHE here, (what*s her Name, 
Since She was Cleopatra?) 


Grammar requires that it ſhould be, So ſawcy with the Hand of 
HER here. And ſo again in MAcBETN, (where Roſſe is deſcri- 
bing the Miſeries of Scotland from the Cruelty of that Tyrant; 
pag. 581. 
40 - The dead Man's Knell 

Ts there ſcarce asd, for WHO: 


Forſo the ſecond Folio Edition, and ſome of the common Modern 
Editions read it; but Mr. PoE, in his Edition, has rightly 
| | cor- 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


oorrected it for WHOM. It may be alledged from theſe Inſtances, 
and ſome few more that might be gather'd, that this was a Liberty 
which SHAKESPEARE purpoſely gave himſelf, and that therefore 
it is not an Error of the Copies. Be this, as it will; if Grammar 
and the Idiom of the Tongue be directly againſt it, we have 
ſufficient Warrant to make him nom, at leaſt, ſpeak true Engliſh. 
BUT to proceed to my Remarks upon the next Line of this Paſlage, 


So horridly to ſhake our Diſpoſition &c. 


I ſuſpect, in the Word borridly, a literal Deviation to have been 
made from the Poet by his Copyiſts: and I'll give my Reaſons 
preſently for this Sulpicion. But, firſt, it will be proper to 
ſubjoin my Correction of the Paſſage, and the Pointing of it, 
which is manifeſtly faulty. For, why is there a Note of Inter- 
rogation at hideous, to divide the Verb from the Second Accuſative 
Caſe which is govern'd by it, when the Queſtion evidently goes 
on to the very Cloſe of the Sentence? I think, it ought to be 
pointed, and reftor'd thus; 


——— What may this mean? 
That Thou dead Corſe again in compleat Steel 
Reviſit ſt rhus the Glimpſes of the Moon, 
Making Night hideous, and US fools of Nature 
So HORRIBLY to ſhake our Diſpoſttion 
With Thoughts beyond the Reaches of our Souls ? 
Say, &c. : 


The Change of horridly into horribly is very trivial as to the 
Literal Part; and therefore, I hope, the Reaſon for the Change 
will be ſomething more conſiderable. *Tis true, horrid and 
horrible muſt be confeſs'd to bear in themſelves the ſame Force 
and Signification: as horridum and horribile were wont to do 
among the Latines. But horrid, in the moſt common Acceptation 
and Uſe, ſeems to ſignify rather hideous, unconth, ugly, enormous, 
than terrible or frightful : and it is generally ſo applied by our 
Author. I remember a Paſſage in his King Lz4s, where it, 


. n H par- 


4¹ 


4 


42 


Proofs of 


horrible 


nſtead 
inflead of 


The Examination and Correfion 


particularly, ſtands for ugly. It is in a Speech by the Duke 
of Albany, reproaching his Wife Goneril with her unnatural Be- 
haviour. 


LEAR, pag. 77. 
=== = === Cee thy ſelf, Devil; 
Proper Deformity ſeems not in the Fiend 


So horrid as in Woman. 


1 cannot, however, deny, bur that our Poet ſometimes employs 


the Word borrid in the Senſe of frightful, terrible. But every ob- 
ſerving Reader of his Works muſt be aware that he does it ſpa- 
ringly, and, ten times for every once, ſeems fond to uſe horrible 
and terrible. It is obvious, that he prefers both theſe Terms, 
as more ſonorous and emphatical than horrid ; and the Proof 
that he does ſo, is, (which laid the Foundation of my Conjec- 
ture here,) that he almoſt conſtantly chuſes them, even where 
the Numbers of his Verſe naturally require horrid. I ſhall ſub - 
Join a few Inſtances of both for Confirmation; to which] could 
have amaſs'd twenty times as many; but theſe are enough, at 
leaſt, to excuſe me, tho' I ſhould be deceived in Judgment, 
from the Cenſure of being too hypercritical in my Obſervation. 


(1.) TEMPEST, pag. 73+ 
Where but ev*'n now with ſtrange and ſeveral Noiſes 
Of roaring, ſhrieting, howling, jingling Chains, 
And more Diverſity of Sounds, all horrible, 
We were awak'd. | 


(2.) LEAR, pag. 41. 


And with this horrible Ohject, from low F. 
Pour pelting Villages, &c. | 


* 


(3) 


6.0 


(4. 


F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


And again, pag. 55. 

I tax not you, you Elements, with Unkindneſ(® ; 
1 never gave you Kingdom, calPd you Children, 
Tou owe me no Subſtription. Then let fall 
Zour horrible Pleaſure 3 » « - - « 


And again, pag. 83: 


Glouc. Methinks, the Ground is even. 
Edgar. 964„ . 6c Horrible /teep. 


(5.0 


(60 


(59 


(8.) 


Hark, do you hear the Sea? 
King HEN RT VIII. pag. 457: | 
— With one Hand on his Dagger, 
Another ſpread ons Breaſt, mounting his Eyes, 
He did diſcharge à horrible Oath, &c. 
Trx oN, pag. 61. 


——— For thoſe Mil- pape, 
That thro? the Window-barn bore at Men's Eyes, 
Are not within the Leafe of Pity writ, 
Set em down horrible Traytors. - -- 


ANTHONY and CLEOPETR A, pag. 342. 
Hence, horrible Villain! or Pi ſpurn thine Eyes 
Like Balls before me | | 
MACBETH, pag. 361. 


8 Hence, horrible Shadow /! 
Onreal Mock*ry, hence . 


H 2 


(9) 


44 The Examination and Currection 


(9. HAMLET, pag. 367. 
What if it tempt you tou rd the Flood, my Lord? 
Or to the dreadful Summit of the Cui f, 
That beetles oer his Baſe into the Sea, 
And there aſſume ſome other horrible Form, &c. 


(10.) And OTHELLo, pag 561. 


Deſd. What is your Pleaſure # 
Othell. -- - -- Let me ſee your Eyes : 


Look in my Face. 
Deſd. --------- What horrible Fancy's this? 
... This danw'd Witch Sycorax, 


For Miſchiefs manifold, and Sorc ries terrible | 
To enter human Hearing, &c. 


(2.) And again, pag. 35. 1 | -- 
Eun now we heard a hollow Burſt of bellowing, 
Like Bulls, or rather Lyons ; did't not wake you? 
Tt firook mine Ear moſt terribly. 
Alon. 3 Ibeard Nothiag. 


(3) MADE E, pag. 535. 
----- Pm ſettled, and bend up 
Each corpral Agent to this terrible Feat. 


(.) And again, pag. 5559, fs 
But ket both Worlds disjoint, and all Things ſuffer, 
er we will eat our Meal in fear, and ſleep 

In the Afiittion of theſe terrible Dreams, &c. 


- 


F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


(J.) And fo, OrnzLiLo, pag. 478. 
What is the Reaſon of this terrible Suvmons ? 


XXIX. Act 1. Scene 8. Page 368. 


45 


HAMLET being retir d to a remote Ground with his Father's Pede 


Apparition, the Ghoſt immediately diſcloſes himſelf, and the 
Circumſtances he was under in the other State, as far as he was 
licens'd, or it was proper for him, to declare. 


——— I am thy father*s ſpirit; 

Doom d for a certain term to walk the night, 
And for the day, confin'd to FAST in fires ; 
Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature 
Are burnt and purg'd away. 


Tho! all the Copies, old and modern, agree, in this Reading, I 
cannot help Gab Qing (at leaſt, till I am better informed of 
the Force of it;) the Expreſſion, - - to faſt in Fires. If theſe 
are the Poet's Words, his Meaning in them muſt be, to do Pe- 
nance in fires : as Faſting is often a Part of Penance injoin'd by 
the Church for our Sins. But could it be any great Puniſb- 
ment for a Spirit, a Being which requires no Suſtenance, to faſt ? 
Or could faſting in Fires burn and purge away Crimes more ef- 
fectually, than the not being in ſuch a State of Abſtinence ? The 
Poet certainly, in my Opinion, intends to mix the old Pagan 
Syſtem here with the more modern Notion of a local Purgatory ; 
and to intimate, that Souls are cleanſed and purified from their 
Mortal Stains by the Torment of Fire. The Variation will 
be but very ſmall, to ſuppoſe he might have wrote 


And, for the Day confin'd to ROAST in fires, 


Now this takes in all the Ideas neceſſary to the Puniſhment, 
of being burnt, ſcorched, pain d, Oc. (and the Word, thus meta- 
| | phorically 


mendation. 


46 


The Examination aud Correction 


phorically uſed, conveys no meaner an Image than carving, 


ſcalding, wringing, and an hundred other Technical Terms do, 


frequent in the moſt elevated Poetry: ) But that this was the 
very Caſe too of our Ghoſt, his own Words, in a Speech but 
Juſt before, ſufficiently teſtify, _ 


— —ͤ—— ß — My Hour is almoſt come, 
When I to ſulphrous and tormenting Flames 
Muſt render up my ſelf. 


And our Poet, I remember, afterwards in this very Play, 
pag. 393. again uſes the Expreſſion ; ſpeaking of Pyrrhus in the 


Heat of Rage, and running about the flaming Streets of Troy : 


——— - ROASTED i Wrath and Fire, &c. 


There is another fine Paſſage, that I at preſent remember, in 
which our Poet has touched this Subject of Puniſhments after 
Death, and there he does not ſay the leaſt Word of faſting in 
fires But he makes a Suppoſition of fiery Floods, like the Infer- 
nal Rivers, fabled in the old Heathen Poets, and that the Spirits 
of the Deceaſed Thould be doom'd to bathe in em. | 


MEASURE for MEASURE, pag 363. 


Ay, but to die, and go we know not where : 
To lie in cold Obſtruftion, and to rot; 

This fenfible warm Motion to become 

A kneaded Clod; and the delighted Spirit 

To BATHE in fiery Floods, or to reſide 

In thrilling Regions of thick-ribbed Ice, 

To be impriſoned in the Viewleſs Winds, 
And blown with reſtleſs Violence round about 
The pendant World ; ------ - 


Now, either to be roaſted, or bath'd, in Fire, takes in the Idea 
of being burnt and puniſhed; and comes up to the * | 
the 


F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


the LATINEs, exurier igni. Whoever will allow SHAXESPEARE 
to have imitated any Paſſages of the Antients, will, I believe, 
be of Opinion with me, that in theſe two Deſcriptions he had 
thoſe fine Verſes of VIOL in his Eye upon this Topick: 
There are ſuch Strokes of Similitude, as well in the Thought 
as the Diction, of both Poets. 


ViRG. Æneid. VI. v. 736, &c. 


Non tamen omne Malum miſeris, nec funditus omnes 
Cor poreæ excedunt Peſtes : penitùſque neceſſe eſt 
Multa diu concreta modis inoleſcere miris. 

Ergd exercentur pœnis, veterumque Malorum 
Supplicia expendunt : aliæ panduntur inanes 

Suſpenſe ad Ventos; aliis ſub gurgite vaſto 

Infectum eluitur Scelus, aut exuritur igni. 


Which Paſſage is thus tranſlated by Mr. DzrYDEx. 


Nor Death it ſelf can wholly waſh their Stains ; 
But long-contrafted Filth ev'n in the Soul remains. 
The Reliques of invet'rate Vice they wear ; 
And Spots of Sin obſcene in ev'ry Face appear. 
For this are various Penances injoin d. 
And Some are hung to bleach upon the Wind: 
Some plung d in Waters, Others purg'd in Fires, 
Till all the Dregs are drain'd, and all the Ruſt expires. 


XXX. Act rx. Scene 8. Page 369. 


Aud each particular Hair to ſtand ON End, 
Like Quills upon the fretful Porcupine. 


Thus Mr. PoE writes this Paſſage, as it ought to be; whereas 


all the Editions, bothold and modern, that I have ſeen, concurr 
in reading -- and an end, &c. And yet this Paſlage either 
ms 


47 


Occaſional 
Emendation., 


48 


Occaſional 
Explanation. 


| 8 Collection; ) in bis Saturnalia, (lib. 7. cap. 9.) wt — 


The Examination and Correftion 


ſeems to have been rectified by Chance, or ſome others, where 
the ſame Phraſe recurs, have been reviſed with a ſtrange Care- 
leſſneſs. For in the Second Part of Henry VI. pag. 164. we 
find him reading with the old Impreſſions, | 


Mine Eyes ſhould ſparkle like the beaten Flint, 
Mine Hair be fixt AN end, like One diſtraught. 


And ſo in HAL Er, pag, 424. 
Tour bedded Harrs, lite Life in Excrements, 
Start up, and ſtand AN end. 


Whereas in both theſe Places we likewiſe ought to reſtore it, 
--- ON end. I cannot diſmiſs this laſt quoted Paſſage from 
HAMLET, without taking Notice, that I think the Expreſſion 
= - - like Life in Excrements, as much wants an Explication, as 
any the moſt antiquated Word in our Poet wants a Gloſs. 
Mr. HUG#s, in his Impreſſion of Har Hr, has left it out; either 
becauſe he could make nothing of it, or thought it alluded to 
an Image too nauſeous. The Poet's Meaning is founded on a 
Phyfical Determination, that the Hair and Nails are excyementi- 
tious Parts of the Body, as indeed they are, without Life or 
Senſation : * And yet that Fear and ſurprize had ſuch an Effect 
upon HAMLET, that his Hairs, as if there were Life in thoſe 
Excrements, ſtarted up and ſtood on End: Or, as he expreſles it 
in his TEMPEST, pag. 13. | 


With Hair ufftaring, then like Reeds, not Hair. 
That our Poet was acquainted with this Notion in Phyſics, 


of the Hair being without Life, we need ho ſtronger Warrant, 
than that frequently he mentions the Hair, as an Excrement. So, 


* 
en 8 
— — - — — ͤↄñꝓ . — 
. 


* This Doctrine, I wppoſe, is inculcated by the old Claſſical Phyſicians ; a Point which I have 
wt Leiſure here to 190k into: Bit Mack onB1rus, Thaw, (chegrewver Part E whoſe Writ 
ſpeaks of thoſe Parts of 
manic Body, Which have no Senſation; but likewiſe aſſigns t Reaſons why they can 
wore, Offa, Dentes, cum Unguibus & Capillis, nimiâ Siccitate ita denſata ſunt, ut penetra- 
bilia ndn ſint effectui Anime qui Senſum miniſtrat. c. ; FI 5 
| 0m, 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Com. of ERRORS, pag. 43 2, | | 
Why is Time ſuch a Niggard of Hair, being, ar it is, ſo plen- 
tiful an Excrement? 


Jzw of VExrck, pag. 49. 
How many Cowards, whoſe Hearts are all as falſe 
As Stairs of Sand, wear yet upon their Chins 
The Beards of Hercules, and frowning Mars ; 
Who, inward ſearch'd, have Livers white as Milk? 
And Theſe aſſume but Valour*s * Excrement 


To render them redoubted. 
. e. a Beard. 


And in Loy Es Lazour Losr, pag. 147: 

For 1 muſt tell thee, It will pleaſe his Grace (by the World !) ſome 
time to lean upon my poor ſhoulder, and with his Royal Finger thus 
dally with my Excrement, with my Muſtachio. | 

BU r beſides that he ſo often makes Uſe of this Term, to 
put the Matter out of all Diſpute, he has the very Thought, 


which he has here in HA Er, again in his MACBETH, and ex- 
preſt in much plainer Words, pag. 592. 


T have almoſt forgot the Taſte of Fears : | 
The Time has been, my Senſes would have cooPd 
To hear 4 Night-ſbriek, and my Fell of Hair 
Would at a diſmal Treatiſe rowze, and ſtir 

As Life were in't. | 


 XXNL. Ibid. 


49 


The Ghoſt intimating how foully he had been murthered, con- gesi- 
jures HAMLET by his filial Love to revenge his Death. The Emendation. 


Prince ftarting at this dreadful Information,- and the Ghoſt 
proceeding toremark, that any Murther, tho' ever ſo favourable 
I | in 


2 


uſes the Word in the plain and natural Senſe, of clearing, bruſhing 


The Examination and Correction 


in its Circumſtances, is bad enough, but that the Murther of 
him was ſtrangely unnatural; HA, Er, impatient to be told 
the whole Story, ſays thus: _ 


Haſte me to know, that I with wings as ſwift 
As meditation or the thoughts of love, 
May SWEEP to my Revenge. 


HAMLET makes uſe of the Metaphor here of a Bird uſing it's 
Wings ſwiftly, to expreſs his Speed in the purſuit of his Re- 
venge. Tis true, to ſweep may carry the Senſe of gliding 
ſmoothly, and ſwiftly along; (generally, along the Surface of any 
thing ;) but I don't remember the Word ever employ d to ſigni- 
by the Action of a Bird in the Circumftances of purſuing its Prey; 
that is, of moving its Wings impetuouſly for that Purpoſe. In 
Falconry, a Hawk is ſaid to ſweep, when ſhe wipes her Beak 
after ſhe has fed. But I obſerve that our Poet, for the moſt Part, 


away, or trailing on the Earth. So, 


Second Part of Hxvxr VI. pag. 171. 
Thy Lips, that tiſi'd the Queen, ſhall ſweep the Ground. 


HENRT VIII. pag. 541. 
Pray, Sir, be patient. Tit as much impoſſible, 
(Unleſs we ſwept them from the Door with Cannons,) 
To ſtatter em, as "tis to make them ſleep . 
On May-day Morning, &c. | 


AvTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 373. 
Care ons Friends, be gone; you ſhall 
Have Letters from me to ſome Friends, that will 
 Iweep your way for you. 
| MAcBzrh 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


MACBETH, pag. 553» 


= ====-=-- And tho I could 
With bare-facd Power ſweep him from my Sight. 


He uſes it once, I think, to deſcribe the ſmooth March of a 
Body of Soldiers in gallant Array, and coming timely to the 
Succour of their Party 


Third Part of Hzwzr VI. pag. 297. 


And, lo where George of Clarence SWEEPS along, 
Of Force enough to bid his Brother Batth. 


But in none of theſe Places, or elſewhere that I know, is it con- 
nected with the Metaphor of Wings, or introduced to denote the 
ſwift and furious Deſcent of any Fowl at its Prey, or Enemy. 
1 had almoſt forgot to take Notice, that ſome of the Editors 
of this Play ſeem to have ſuſpected the Propriety of this Word 
here, by a Change which they have made of it : for both the 
Quarto Edition of 1703, and Mr. Huss, have ſubſtituted in 


its Place L May fly to my Revenge. But to proceed to my own 


Conjecture: There is another Word, indeed, fo very near it 
in Sound and Writing, and fo peculiar to the Buſineſs of a Bird 
falling on its Prey, that, perhaps, the Poet might have wrote : 


Haſte me to know, that I, with Wings as feift 
As Meditation or the Thoughts of Love, 
May SWOOP to my Revenge. 


I entirely ſubmit this ConjeAure to Judgment; but I am ſure 
it is the very Phraſe of our Poet upon an Occaſion of the like 
kind. M4cBzr# having murthered the Wife and Children of 
MACDUFF, the latter, upon Notice of it, falls into theſe mixt 
Exclamations of Tenderneſs and Reſentment. Pag. 583. 


12 5-202 He 


50 


52 The Examination and Currection 


He has no Children. All my pretty Ones? 

Did you ſay, All? What, All? O Hell-kite ! What ? 
What all my pretty Chickens, and their Dam, 

At one fell SWOOP? ------ 


And to ſwoop, among Fowlers, is to fly down haſtily, and 
catch up with the Talons, as Birds of Prey do: An Action which, 
I humbly conceive, our Author intended to allude to, in the ve- 
hement Reſentment and Deſire of Revenge, with which he in- 
flames his HAMLET. 


XXXII. Ibid. Page 370. 


lauen Reg THE Ghoſt of HAL ET's Father, having recounted to him 

Auen the Proceſs of his Murther, proceeds to exaggerate the Inhu- 
manity and Unnaturalneſs of the Fact, from the Circuinſtances 
in which he was ſurprized. | 


Thus was I ſleeping, by a brother's hand. 
| Of life, of crown, of Queen at once diſpatcht ; 
Cut off ewn in the bloſſoms of my ſin, 
f UNHOUZZLED, f UNANOINTED, f #nanePd ; 
No rechuing made, but ſent to my account | 
With all my imperfectious on my head. 


To which three Words Mr Po PE has ſubjoined this Gloſs: 
f unhouzzled, without the Sacrament being taken. 


t unanointed, without extream unc tion. 
tunaneld, 20 knell rung. 


T am very much afraid (and as apt to believe I ſhall prove it, to 
the Satisfaction of every Judge, before this Note is ended ;) that 
this Paſſage is neither rightly read, nor, as it is read, rightly 
explained, throughout. In the firſt Place, inſtead of wnhoux- 
ed it ought to be reſtor d = - unhouſel d; from the old er 
2 Wor 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Word for the Sacrament, huſel. So our Etymologiſts and Chaucer 
- write it; and Spencer, accordingly, calls the Sacramental Fire, 
houſling Fire. This, however, is but a trivial Slip, in compa- 
riſon with the next that offers it ſelf. I don't pretend to know 
what Gloſſaries Mr. PoE may have conſulted, and truſts to; 
but whoſe ſoever they are, I am ſure their Comment is very fin- 
gular upon the Word I am about to mention. I cannot find 
any Authority to countenance unancal d in ſignify ing, no Knell 
rung. This is, if I miſtake not, what the Greeks were uſed to 
call an «ra >+y0uevor, an Interpretation that never was uſed but 
once. Nor, indeed, can I fee how this participial Adjeftive 
ſhould be formed from the Subſtantive Knell. It could not 
poſſibly throw out the k, or receive in the a. We have an 
Inftance in our Poet himſelf, where the participial Adjective of 
the Verb fimple from this Subſtantive retains the k; and ſo 
Mr. PoE writes it there. 


MACBETH, pag. 598. 


Had I as many Sons as I have Hairs, 
1 would not wiſh them to a fairer Death; 
And ſo his Knell ir knoll'd. 


The Compound Adjective, therefore, from that Derivation muſt 
have been written, unknel'd ; (or, unknolFd;) a Word which 
will by no Means fill up the Poet's Verſe, were there no ſtronger 
Reaſons to except againſt ic; as it unluckily happens, there are. 
Let us fee what Senſe the Word unanel d then bears. SKINNER, 
in his Lexicon of Old and Obſolete ENGLISH Terms, tell us, that 
Anealed is unctus; a Prxp. Teut : An, and Ole Oleum: ſo that unanea- 
led muſt conſequently ſignify, Not being anointed, or, not having 
the extream Unction. But what muſt we then do with the 
Word, immediately preceding it, unanointed? For, the Addition 
of it is fuch a manifeſt and abſurd Tawutology, as SHAKESPEARE 
could not be guilry of. We muſt therefore have Recourſe to 
the Various Readings, and ſee if any printed Copies will help 
us out. The Second Edition in Folio, the Quarto in 1637- the 


— — 


53 


55 


The Examination and Correction 


Hamlet reviſed by Mr. Hughs, and ſeveral other Impreſſions, all 
read, inſtead of unanointed, | 


——— DISAPPOINTED, wnane/ d,; 
as I verily believe it ought to be read. Now, the Word Appoint, 


among other Significations, has that of compoſing, reconciling : 


and the Word Diſappointed. conſequently means, wnreconcil'd to 
Heaven, unabſolv'd, and no Appointment of Penance or Atonement 
made for Sin; a Work of the utmoſt Concern and Moment to 


a a dying Perſon, And our Poet, I remember, in another of 


his Plays, as Othello is at the very Point of killing his Wife upon 
Suſpicion of Adultery, makes him exhort her thus : 


OTHELLO, pag. 587. 


1f you bethink yourſelf of any Crime 
UnreconciPd as yet to Heatn and Grace, 
Sollicit for it ſtrait. == = = « 


But it happens very luckily too, in Su of the Old Read: 

which is ey. to be reſtor'd here, — Poet has A 
in another Play, made uſe of Appointment in this very Senſe of 
Reconciliation. In MEASURE for MEASURE, Claudio is ſentenced 
to die for having debauched a Maiden, and his Sifter brings 
him Word, That his Execution is to be inftant ; therefore bids 
him prepare his Self-examination, and to make his Peace with 


Heaven with all Speed. 


MEASURE for MEASURE, pag. 361; 


Iſab. Lord Angelo, having Affairs to Heat” n, 
Intends you for his ſwift Ambaſſador 3 
Where you ſhall be an everlaſting Leiger. | 
Therefore your beſl APPOINTMENT make with Speed; 
To morrow you ſet out. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


So that, this Reading and this Senſe being admitted, the Tauto- 
logy is taken. away; and the Poet very finely makes his Ghoſt 


complain of theſe four dreadful Hardſhips, viz. That He had 
been diſpatch'd out of Life without receiving the (Hoſte, or) 


Sacrament ; without being reconciled to Heaven and abſolved; 
without the Benefit of extream Union ; or, without ſo much 
as a Confeſſion made of his Sins. The having no Knell rung, I 
think, is not a Point of equal Conſequence to any of theſe; 
eſpecially, if we conſider that the Roman Church admits the 
Efficacy of Praying for the Dead. 


XXIII. Act 1. Scene 9. Page 372. 


2 


Hog ATT and Marcellus coming to Hamlet, after the Ghoſt is de- Emendation, 


parted, and, 5 him with ſome Impatience, to know 
the Reaſon of the Spirit's walking; Hamlet, refolv'd to keep the 
Contents a Secret, an{wers them in a wild, confuſed Manner ; 
which not giving the deſired Satisfaction, Horatio replies to him. 


Theſe are but wild and HURLING Words, my Lord. 


The Editor, indeed, has the Countenance of ſeveral Editions 
for this Reading: Tho' here again, as it happen'd in a former 
Inftance, ſome of the Editions ſoem to have ſuſpected the Word, 
and therefore have printed this Paſſage thus; 


Theſe are but wild and windy Words, my Lord, 


But in what Senſe is hurling to be taken here? It is always ufed 
to ſignify, throwing, caſting, darting owt, and, as we are told, 
in the Old Exc TSH, making a Noiſe : None of which are with- 
in the Poet's Meaning, who intends, wild and giddy. It muſt, 
therefore, certainly be reſtor d, as my Quarto Edition of 163 7, 
tho' corrupt in the Spelling, meant to exhibit it. N 


Theſe are but wild and WHIRLING Words, my Lord. 


The Acceptation of this Word is ſo univerſally known, as well 
as ſo apt and peculiar to our Author's Meaning, that, I i 
| w 


roms arious 


Reading. 


The Examination and Correction 


few will doubt that it was his own Expreſſion in this Place: 
And I have nothing more to do (in Support of this Conjecture, 
if it needs any;) than to produce a few Inſtances from him, 
to ſhew that he underſtood and uſed hurl, and whirl, in the re- 


pective and diſtinct Senſes which I have above mentioned to be- 
long to them. | 


{1.) King RICHARD II. pag. 96. 
And interchangeably hurl down my Gage 
Upon this over-weening Traytor”s foot, &c. 


(2.) Firſt Part of HE NR T VI. pag. 21. 


Then broke I from the Officers that led me, L 
And with my Nails digg d Stones out of the Ground, 
To hurl at the Beholders of my Shame. 


(3.) vu us CESAR, pag. 293. Ne 
— — —— Come, Anthony; | 
Defiance, Traytors, hurl we in your Teeth. 
(4-) ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 313. 
What our Contempts do often hurl from ur 
We wiſh it ours again. 
(J.) And OTHELLoO, pag. 587. 


—— When we ſhall meet at Compt, 
This Look of thine will hurl my Soul from Heat n, + 
And Fiends will ſnatch at it. | 


In all which Paſſages hurl ſignifies to throw, or caſt, and no- 


thing elſe. 


(1. Love's LABOUR loft, pag. 144. 


And Fuſticeals ays whirls in equal Meaſure. 
(.) King 


of the Tragedy of HAMLEr. 67 


(2.) King Jonx, pag. 1 54- 
Jan with Both, each Army hath a Hand, 
And in their Rage, I bung Hold of Both, 
They whirl 4/inder, and ai ſnember me. 


(3-) And again, pag. 175. 

My Lord, they ſay, Five Moons were fen to Night 
Four fixed, and the Fifth did whirl about 

The other Four, &c 
(4.) Firſt Part of Henzr VI. pag. 24. | 

My Thoughts are whicled Ar a Potter's M heel. 


(J.) Trrus ANDRONICUS, pag. 486. 
| Tv ral cr Tanyef eee Que 4 


(e) And again, N. 02. 
e Pits alt be ty Wine | 
Aud whirl along with thee about the Globes : .. 


(70 And Txor tos and CRESSIDA, pag. 58. . 
I'm giddy; Expettation whicls me round. 


In all which Paſſay whirl ſignifies agitatin tur ni — 51 
vehement and giddy Manner. oy i 1 


XXXVV. Ibid. 1 374. 


WI come now to a Speech towards the Concluſion of this 0e bo 
Ad, which labours under fo many. Faults of Pointing, as well 5:4 
as ſome of Language, that the Senſe is v e 

and the Text falſe both in Meaning and l 

tranſcribe the Whole firſt, as it ſtands; and then give 1 my 

with its Corrections. 


58 


T he Examination and Correction 


„ But come, 


Here as before, never C] fo help you Mercy CL,] 

[(i How ſtrange or odd ſoe er I bear my ſelf, 

[] 4s I perchance hereafter ſhall think meet 

To put an antick Diſpoſition on []) 

That you [L] at ſuch Time ſeeing me, never ſhall 

[I With Arms encumber'd thus, or this head-ſhake L;] 

Or by pronouncing of ſome doubtful Phraſe [;] 

As [] well, -- we know, -- or, we could, and if we would -- - 

Or, if we lift to ſpeak, - or, there be and if there might - - - 
Or fuch ambiguous giving out L] TO NOTE, | 

That you know ought of me; this do ye fivear [.}. 

So grace and mercy at your moſt need help you. 


Whoever will take this Speech aſunder, and examine the Struc- 
ture and Connection of it, will eaſily find that ſomething is 
wanting to ſupport the Senſe and Grammar of the Whole. 
HAMLET is conjuring them to a Repetition of their Oath of 

Secrecy, as to what they knew concerning the Walking of his 
Father's Spirit. Let's diſmount it from the Verſe, © and ſee 
what we can make of the Paſſage, as the Senſe plainly will lead 
us. Here, as before, ſays he, you ſhall ſwear ( ſo Mercy help you!) 
that, however oddly I ſhall think fit to carry myſelf, you ſeeing me 
ſo transform'd, never ſhall --- (by Motions, Shruggs, or any am- 
biguous Giving out to note,) --- that you know any Thing of me. 
This is the whole Scope, in Miniature, of this Paſſage; and 
now for the Syntax of it. Never ſhall --- do what? The Verb is 
manifeſtly wanting, and the Senſe conſequently defective. Then, 
why, ambiguous Giving out to note? Does not, ambiguous Giving 


out, comprehend all the Poet intends here, without Words in 


the Tail to clog the Clearneſs of his Meaning? In ſhort, it is 


neceſſary, to make the whole intelligible, to point and correct 
rings oo doe =! l. 


8 *** 
41 
3 


Bar 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


======---- But come; 
Here as before, Never, - - So help you Mercy ! 
How ſtrange or odd ſoe er I bear myſelf, 
(As 1, perchance, hereafter ſhall think fit 
To put an antick Diſpoſition on : ) 
That you, at ſuch time ſeeing me, never ſhall 
(With Arms encumber'd thus, or this Head-ſhake, 
Or by pronouncing of ſome doubtful Phraſe, 
As, well, - -- we know -= - or, we could, und if we would - - - 
Or, if we liſt to ſpeak, - - or, there be, and if there might - - « 
Or ſuch ambiguous Giving out;) DENOTE 
That you know aught of me. This do you ſwear ; 
So Grace and Mercy at your moſt Need help you ! 


This ſmall Change of two Letters not only gives us a Verb that 
makes the whole Tenour of the Speech clear and intelligible ; 
but a Verb too, that carries the very Force and Senſe which we 
before wanted in this Place. To denote, as very raw Grammarians 


know, implies, to fienify, to ſhew by Marks: And thus it is 
uſual with our Pqet to employ this very Word. So in OTHzLLo, 
Pag. 540. 

Othell. O monſtrous ! monſtrous ! 

Jago This was but his Dream. 

Othell. But if DENOTED «@ fore-gone Concluſion. 


59 


And ſo HA ET, in a Speech to his Mother, upon the Nature 


of his Grief for his Father's Death, pag. 3 54- 


*Tis not alone my inky Cloak, good Mother, 
Nor cuſtomary Suits of ſolemn Black, | 
Nor windy Suſpiration of forced Breath, Ne 
No, nor the fruitful River m the Eye, | 
Nor the dejefied * Haviour of the Viſage, _ 
Together with all Forms, Moods, Shews, F Grief, 
That can DENOTE me truly. 
B77 K 2 


60 


T he Examination and Currection 


I HAvx, at length, got through the firſt Act of this Trage- 
dy; and hope, as well for the Eaſe of my Readers as my ſelf, 
that, in the remaining Parts, Faults will neither rife ſo nume- 
rous, nor require ſo much Prolixity in the grubbing up. The 


' Proofs of ſeveral Kinds, which I have already given to main- 


Falſe Point- 
ing, and 


Con jectura! 


On. 


that, to accuſe him of Drabbing, might 


tain any Correction, muſt naturally fave ſome Trouble in what 
is to follow: And I am ſufficiently aware what Room my 
APPENDIX will demand; in which I have engaged to ſhew, 
that the ſame Sorts of Errors are ſcattered through the other 
Plays; and that SHAKESPEARE is to be reſtor d to his genuine 
Reading, with the ſame Method and Eaſe of Cure. 


XXXV. Act, 2. Scene 1. Page 376. 


PoroNnTUs, about to diſpatch his Servant Reynoldo for France 
with Commands to his Son Leertes, bids. him, before he makes 
bis Viſit, firſt enquize into his Son's Character; and the better 
to lift into it, commiſſions him to lay ſeveral Lexities to his 


Quality, as might diſcredit him ; ) as Gaming, Drinking, Fen- 
ing, Swearing, Quarrelling, Drabbi Reynoldo objecting, 
rg 4 Ns diſhonour din Pulo- 


nius replies; 
Faith DJ 20 [,] as you may ſeaſon it in the charge; 
Tou muſt not put ANQTHER Scandal on bim, 
That he is open to incontinency, 

That's not my Meaning; -- -- | 


The old Gentleman, *tis plain, is of Opinion, that to charge 


his Son with wenching would not diſbongur him, conſequently 


would be no Scandal. to him: For every Scandal, in ſuch De- 
gree as it affects any Man, proportionably diſhonours him. 


Why then ſhould he caution Reynoldo from putting ANOTHER 


Scandal on him? Methinks, there is ſome Reaſon to ſuſpect 
this Word of not being altogether ſo proper here, if no Scandal 
at all had been yet offer d. There can be no Sc, Scandal 

| ; ſuppoſed 


Charge; (ſuch as are uſual with Youth, but none fo rank in. 


DB ©» mo mw D©Þ 


of the Tragedy of HAMLE r. 
ſuppoſed, without a Firſt implied The Poet's Meaning i 
as ene it, ſimply this: To ſay, that he wenches, —_ 
vation in the Circumſtances, lays but a venial Liberty of 
Youth at his Door; but to fay, That he is open and addicted 
to Incontinency, amounts to an Habit of Licence, and throws 
an actual Scandal. A very {light Change will reconcile the Paſ- 


ſage to this Senſe; and therefore, if I am right in the Author's 


Meaning, we may ſuppoſe he wrote; 


No, faith ; as you may ſeasn it in the Charge; 
You muſt not put AN UTTER Scandal on him, 
That he is open to Incontinency, | 
That's not my Meaning; but breath his Faults ſo quaintly, 
That they may ſeem the Taints of Liberty; 
i. e. So far from their being an abſolute, entire, and utter Scan- 


dal to him, that they may be none at all, but appear at worſt 
the Liberties of Youth. | kent | 


XXXVI. Ibid. 


61 


-, Sir, here's my Drift ; from Various 


And ] believe it is a Ferch e WIT. 


THERE is a various Reading upon this Paſſage, which deſer- 
ved the Notice of the Editor; becauſe, if I am not much de- 
ceived, it ſeems to have the genuine of our Author 
upon it. The ſecond Edition in Folio, and ſome other of the 
Impreſſions, read; 


And, I believe, it is @ Fetch of WARRANT. 


Which I take to be the very Words and Meaning of the Poet 
for this Reaſon, becauſe he makes Polonius ſpeak dubiouſly of 
his Intention. No body is ſo doubtful of his own Judgment 
and Talents, but that he knows abſolutely whether his Drifts 


and Purpoſes are deſigned. with Wu, os no, tho he cannot be ſo 


—— 


62 


The Examination and Correction 


certain, as to their being juſtifiable. A Man may much eaſier 
be miſtaken, as to the Legality, than as to the Sagacity, of any 
Fact; becauſe ſomething more than private Opinion, or naked 
Belief, is wanting to determine poſitively whether a Thing be 
warrantable. Beſides, I obſerve, that it is very familiar with 
SHAKESPEARE to uſe the Words Warrant and Warranty to ſigni- 


fy a Juſtification. So, Fs 
(I.) OTHELLO, pag. 484. 


I therefore apprehend, and do attach Thee, 
For an Abuſer of the World, a Pratiiſer 
Arts mbibited, and out of Warrant, 


(2.) TiTUs ANDRONICUS, pag. 50g. 


A Reaſon mighty, ſtrong, and effettual, 
A Pattern, Precedent, and lively Warrant, 
For me, moſt wretched, to perform the Like. 
(3.) King JoHx, pag. 176. | 
It vs the Curſe of Kings to be attended | 
By Slaves, that take their Humours for a Warrant, 
To break into the bloody Houſe of Life. 
4 And again, pag. 189. 
Loot, where the holy Legate comes apace, 
To give us Warrant from the Hand of Head u. 
(J.) Jew of Yexrce, pag. 9. 
And from your Love I have a Warranty 
T unburthen all my Plots and Purpoſes, &c. 
(6.) And OTHELLo, pag. 580. 


--- ----- ever hd Caſſio, 


But with ſuch general Warranty of Heav'n 


F the Tragedy of HAMLRr. 


Not, Warrantry ; as it is in this laſt Place erroneouſly printed 
in Mr. Po Es Edition. 


XXXVII. Ibid. 


Tou laying theſe ſlight SALLIES on my Son, 
As *twere a * 4 little ſoibd i th working, 


"Tis true, Sallies and Flights of Youth axe very frequent Phraſes; 
but what Agreement is there betwixt the Metaphors of Sallies, 
and a Thing ſoil'd ? Correct, as all the e, chat I have 
ever ſeen, have it; 


9 * 
iy: 


7 ou * theſo ſlight SULLIES on my Son, 


Perhaps, this Subſtantive may be of his own coining, from 
the Verb to ſully: But that, as I have already amply prov'd, 
ä a Liberty which he eternally | aſſumes through his whole 
Works. 


XXXVIIL Ad 2. — 5 4. Page 381. 


63 


Occaſional 
Correction. 


C orrection, 
from Various 


CORNELIUS and Voltimand, being returned from their Embaſ- —— 
{y to Norway, bring Word, that That Monarch had ſuppreſs'd 8 


his Nephew Fortinbras's Expedition; ; which he at firſt ſuppoſed 
deſigned againſt Poland, but found, upon Enquiry, to be le- 
vell d at Denmark: That he had put Fortinbras under Arreſt, 
who had obey d it; and, upon a Check receiv'd, had made Pro- 
teſtation before his Uncle never more to make 22 hoſtile At- 


Wer againſt the Daniſh State. 


WP, bereon old N orway, overcome py Joy, | 
Gives bim THREE thouſand Crowns in annual Fee; 
And his Commiſſion to employ thoſe Soldiers, | 
So levied as before, againſt the Polack. 


64 


Correction, 


from Variozs 


Reading. | 


The Examination and Correction 


So, indeed, the Generality of the Editions read; but my two 


Quarto's, of 1637 and 1703, both have it; 


WWhereon old Norway, overcame with Joy, 
Gives him THREESCORE thouſand Crowns in annual Fee, &c. 


This Addition of a Syllable gives a little Ronghneſs to the Be- 
ginning of the Verſe; but one Syllable in the firſt Foot of it 
mult be reſolvꝰd in the Pronunciation; which is very uſual, as 
T have obſerv d, with our Poet. "Tis true, this Alteration is 
of no Moment to the Senſe of the Paflage; but, methinks, 
Threeſcore thouſand Crowns are a much more fuitable Donative 
from a ws. to his own Nephew, and the General of an Ar- 
my, than ſo poor a Pittance as Three thouſand Crowns, a Pen- 


ſion icaxce large enough for a dependant Courtier. 
XXXIX. Ibid. Page 382. 


- - That He is mad tis true; tit true, tis pity; 
Aud puy, it is true - 


Thus, indeed, ſeveral of the Editions read this Place; but they 
nt to enter entirely into the Poets Humour. Polonins, 
(an officious, impertinent, old Courtier,) priding himſelf in 
the Diſcovery which he ſuppoſes he has made of the Cauſe of 
HanrztT's Madneſs, is fo full of the Merit of it, that he can't 


content hitnſelf to deliver it in a plain and eaſy Marmer ; bur 


SeFator's to laugh at. I think, therefore, it ſhould be wrote, 


falls into an affected jingling Sort of Oratory, as he fancies; 
and ringing the Chimes, backwards and forwards, upon the ſame 
Words. No Body can read this Speech without obſerving, that 


_ theſe Figures and Flowers of Rhetorick are not only ſprinkled, 


but poured out, through the whole. They are Strokes of low 
Humour, thrown in purpoſely,” ad caprondum populum; or, to 
uſe the Poet's own Phraſe, 10 for on forme Quantity of barren 


8 


the Tragedy HAuLzx. 65 j 
as three of my Editions have it; and as I know it is conſtantly | 
pronounc'd on the Stage : | 

That he 55 mad, tis true; tis true, tis Pity; 
And Pity tis, tis true. 

. 
Por this felt defective l,] comes H conſe L, 


Either the Comma after defective muſt be taken out, or another 
added before it; otherwiſe, the Subſtantive is disjoined from 
its Verb. Reſtore it, ; | 


For this Efett, defeltive, eames by Conſe; 


Falſe Points 
ns 


XII. Ibid. Page 384. 
Into the Madneſs wherein now be raves, 5 crrection 
And all we wail far. 3 
King. Do you think LI this? 
Queen It may be very likely. 


PoLoNnTUs having explain'd to them the Nature of H4mzz7's 
Lunacy, and from what Cauſe he imagines it to have ſprung ; 
the King asks the Queen, if ſhe is of Opinion that it had ſuch 
a Riſe ; which, ſhe confeſſes, ſeems very probable to her that 


it might. Reſtore, therefore, as all my Editions have it. 
King. D' you think tis This? 
Queen It nay &c. 
XLII. Ibid. — 
Take this from this, if this be otherwiſe L,] Faſe Prin 


Porons thinks himſelf ſo certain of being right in his -Diſ- 
covery, that he is willing the King ſhould take his Head * 
| b bi 


66 The Examination and Correction 


87 Shoulders, if he is out in his Politicks, It muſt be point- 
2 


Take This from This, - . if This be otherwiſe 5 


XLIII. Ibid. 
Paris . 
And be not from his reaſon faPn thereon, 
Let me be no aſſiſtant for a ſtate, 


AND keep a farm and carters.. 


Inſtead of the Copulative AND, which does not make the Senſe 


ſo clear, my two Quarto Editions read it, I think, better, with 
à Conjunction disjunirive. 


. If be hove her not, 
Aud be not from his Reaſon falÞn thereon, 
Let me be no Aſſiſtant for @ State, 
BUT keep a Farm and Carters. 


XIIV. AG 2. Scene & Page 391. 
Conjetural | 


Enjedural 8 Theſe are now the FASHION, and ſo berattle the common STAGES 


(/o they call them,) that many wearing rapiers are afraid 7 £00ſe- 
_ quills, and dare 1 come Fhither. 


4 


Til give the Reading firſt as I think it ought 1 to be reſtor d, and 
then aſſign the Reaſons. 


Theſonow are the FACTION, and ſ berattle the common STAGERS 
O they call them,) that Many wearing Rapiers are afraid of 
Gooſe-quills, and dare ſtarce come thither. 


The Poet, as it were, here ſteps out of Denmark into England, 
and makes Roſencraus, in king of Theatres, allude to the Plays 


pr 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 67 


performed at home by the Children of the King's Chappel ; who 
were in great Eſtimation at that Time of day, and out-rival'd 
the Gentlemen of the Profeſſion. The Variation of Faſhion into 
Faction we owe to Mr. Hs; I think it much the more for- 
cible and expreſſive Term: implying, that thoſe Children were 
not only in Faſhion and Eſteem ; but were a Prevailing Faction 
againſt the other Playhouſes, or had a Faction made by the 
Town in their Favour. As to the other Alteration of common 
Stages into common Stagers, which is a Conjecture of my own, 
my Reaſon for it is this: The Poet certainly cannot intend by 
his Many wearing Rapiers, that Gentlemen-SpeCtators were afraid to 
go to the common Theatres, for Fear of the Reſentment of theſe 
Children, who ſo berattled the common Stages. What greater 
Affront could SHAKESPEARE put upon his Audience, than to 
ſuppoſe any of them were of ſuch tame and cowardly Spirits ? 
No, if I underſtand him, he ſeems to me to hint, that this 
young Fry were ſo pert upon the profeſt Actors, that even they, 
tho' they wore Swords, were afraid of going near them, leaft 
they ſhould bebanter'd, or inſulted, paſt Sufferance. What far- 
ther induces me to think, it ſhould be common Stagers, rather than 
common Stages, is, that, in the Speech immediately following, 
HAMLET, ſpeaking of theſe Children, retorts upon them, 
If they ſhould grow themſelves to common PLAYERS - - and does 
not ſay, If they ſhould come themſelves to the common PLAY- 
HOUSES, or Stages. 5 713-98 


| XLV. Ibid. 


What, are they Children? who maintains them? how are they eſtoted ? Falſe Poim- 
will they purſue the quality no longer than they can ſing? will they 2 
not ſay afterwards, if they ſhould grow them ſelves to common play- 
ers [? [LJ it is moſt like, if their Means are no better: [] 
their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim againſt their own 
Succeſſion L. J | 


Lin wb 


The Examination and Correction 


The Pointing of the latter Part of this Speech is ſo very faulty, 
that the Senſe of it is but barely - intelligible. Reſtore it, as 
Mr. Huss Edition partly leads the way; 


Will they not ſay afterwards, if they ſhould grow themſelves to com. | 
mn Players, (as it is moſt like, if their Means are not better ;) their 25 
Writers do them urosg to make them extlaim againſt-their own 
Srrceſſion 2 | | 


I cannot help obſerving, that the Beginning of this Speech con- 
tains one of thoſe Paſſages in which the Poet may be ſaid to over- 
ſhoot himſelf; and be guilty of an Abſurdity, by making his Actor 
ſay what he cannot be ſuppoſed to know in Charatter ; Which 
is confounding the Fr ſon of the Drama with a Pvera loquitur. 
HAMLET, replying to Noſencraus concerning theſe young Players, 
alks, «»< What, are they Children? who maintains them? how are 
they efcoted? Theſe Queſtions argue him a Stranger to them, 
and their Quality: Vet, without any Information, he immediate- 
ly after cries, Mil they pur ſue the Quality no longer than they can 
fing ? which is intimating tacitly, as I take it, that, he 
knew them to be the Simging-Boys of the King's Chappel : a Knows 
ledge, no ways to be accounted for, as I can imagine, unleſs the 
Poet had given his HamLET a Portion of Sir Jobs Falftaffe's 
IysTincr. I muſt own, SHaxzsPEARE is not without Tome 
more Samples of theſe Self- Contradictions; and one Great one, 
that has been generally imputed to him, will fall under Conſi- 

deration in the next Ack. But of That in its own Place. | 


XLVI. Ibid. 


Gonjeure. YFalth, there has been much to do on both fides ; and the Nation holds 
it no ſin, to tarre them [ ] zo controver ie. 

I think it will be more numerous to the Ear, and, perhaps, re- 
quiſite in point of Language, to read; 

—— Aud the Nation holds it no Sin to tarre them on to Controverſie. 

f To 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 69 


To tarre on is an old ENGL1sH Word, ſignifying, to provoke, urge 
on, ſet on, as we do Dogs to fighting. And fo, I obſerve, 


SH AKESPEARE in other Paſſages writes it. 
King Jorn, pag. 169. 
And like a Dog, that is compelld to fight, 
Snatch at his Maſter that doth tarre him on. 
And, ſo again, in Txotys and CRESSID A, pag. 3 2. 


Tuo Curs ſhall tame each other ; Pride alone 
Muſt tarre the Maſtives on, as *twere their Bone. 


XLVII. Ad 2. Scene 7. Page 391: 


I will propheſie, he comes to tell me of the Players (.] Mark it C. J Falſe Pas- 
you ſay right, Sir ; Is 
This ought to be pointed as in Mr. HoG#s's Impreſſion. 


I will propheſie, he comes to tell me of the Players 5 Mark it 
Tou ſay right, Sir; 


XLVIII. Ibid. Page 392. 


T remember one ſaid, there was No ſalts in the lines, to make the Various fg. 
matter ſavoury nor no matter in the phraſe, that might indite 22 


the author of AFFECTION ; but call it, an honeſt method. 


»- 


I muſt own, I can have no tolerable n of what 
is meant here by the Word Affection HAMLET is ſpeaking of 
ſome Play, to the Stroling Players, which he liked very well, 
but which did not fo currently go down with the Multitude. 
One, it ſeems, who had a Mind to make a Criticiſm upon it, 
hints, That there was no Matter in its Phraſe that could indite 
the Author of Affection. Now, what can Affection, as a Quality 
with regard to a Play, ſignify, but Paſſion? Yet * * 

uthor 


5 


The Examination and Correction 


Author could not intend to mean that it wanted That. HAMLET 
{ſpeaks to the Maſter- Player to give him a Taſte of his Quality 
in a paſſionate Speech; directs him to a Tragedy, which he ſays, 
in his Judgment was an excellent Play, well digeſted in the Scenes, 
and ſet down with as much Modeſty as Cunning : And then points 
out a Speech in it, which he chiefly loved, and which contain- 
ed the Account of Priam's ſlaughter, and the Diſtreſs of Hecuba 
at the Sight of that terrible Action. The Subject alone, never 
ſo inartificially told, certainly could not be altogether diveſted 
of Paſſion. Beſides, Could not the Phraſe of a Play carry 4 
fron with it; and yet the Poet uſe an honeſt Method? The 
cond Folio Edition (which, in the Generality, is eſteemed as 
the beſt Impreſſion of SHAxzsPEARz;) has a different Reading, 
which, at leaft, deſerved a flight Notice from the Editor: And 
which, I believe, is more likely to expreſs our Author's Mean- 
ing. We, there, find it written thus; 


J remember, one ſaid, there was no Sallets (which Mr. Por x very 
juſtly reſtores to, Salts) in the Lines to make the Matter ſavoury 3. 
mor no Matter in the Phraſe, that might indite the Author of 

' AFFECTATION); but calPd it an honeſt Method. 

* 


i. e. if I underſtand it at all, That as there was no Poinancy 
of Wit or Virulence of Satire, on the one hand; ſo there was 
Nothing to condemn it of Affectation, on the other. And if it 
wanted Afectation, the Poet might more properly be ſaid to uſe 
an honeſt Method : For Affectation, is either the Maſquerade of 
Nature in an Habit of Ridicule ; or the Abuſe of it, by a de- 
fign'd Diſguiſe of a worſe Sort. Three of my Editions (the oldeſt 
of which is the Quarto in 1637 ;) exhibit this Paſſage with an 
Addition in its Cloſe ; which tho? I can't warrant to be the 
Author's own genuine Words, yet make the Sentence end more 
roundly, and therefore might have been degraded, at leaſt, to the 


Bottom of Mr. PoE S Page, and been noted as an Interpo- 


lation of the Stage, as, perhaps, indeed they may be. The 
Words however are theſe. N ? 


=o» > Mor 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. TT 


But called it an honeſt Method, as wholeſome as ſweet ; and, 
by very much, more handſome than fine. | 


XLIX. bid. Page 393- 


And thus Oer-ciſed with coagulate gore, Faſo Prints 


mg 


It muſt be reſtored with the ſecond Folio Edition, and ſome of 
the more modern Ones, 4 


And thus O'er- ſzed with coagulate Gore, 


For the Glue, or Compoſition uſed by Plaiſterers, Painters, Oc. 
is called Size, and derived from the Siſa of the Italians. 


L. Ibid. 
— coo unequal MATCH'D, 
Pyrrhus at Priam drives, in rage ſtrikes wide; 
But with the whif and wind of his fell Sword 
Th unnerved father fallt L. ] THEN SENSELESS L] Ilium,. 


Seeming to feel this blow, with flaming top. 
Stoops to hir baſe, &. | 


In the firſt Place, unequal matched by the Poſition muſt be a 
Nominative, and conſequently relate to Pyrrhbus, Now if 
Pyrrhus was unequal matched, in the Senſe and general Accep- 
tation we muſt underſtand that he was over-match'd, and had 
the worſt of it : Not that he was an Over-match for Priam, 


which was the Truth of the Fact. I believe therefore it ſhould. 
be, as the ſecond folio Edition has it, (and the Impreſhon, 
ſaid to be reviſed by Mr. Rowz, whether by Chance or De- 


ſign;) with an Alteration in the Pointing; 
Dee Vnequal MATCH / 


$- 


72 


The Examination and Currection 


For the Subſtantive thus, with a Note of Admiration after it, 
relates indifferently to Pyrrbus and Priam, and ſignifies that each 
was unequal to the other, the firſt in Strength, the latter in 
Weakneſs. But to go lower into the Paſſage, (tho' all the Edi- 
tions agree in the Reading,) I can hardly be perſwaded it is 
printed as the Poet intended it; or that he would have induſ- 
triouſly choſen to prefix an Hpirbet to Ir TV, which makes a 
Paradox in the Context. If Ilium was then ſenſeleſs, why ſhould 
it ſeem to feel the Blow ? Or, if Ilium was ſenſeleſs, why 
ſhould it then ſeem to feel it? For one of the two Ways it 
muſt be taken. I know very well it may be reſolved thus; 
that Nium, quoad the Bricks and ſtones, was abſolutely ſenſeleſs ; 
yet the Buildings, falling into the Fire juſt at the Inftant when 
Priam fell to the Ground, ſeemed, as it were, to be ſenſible of 
that Blow. I confeſs, this may be a poetical Inference; but a 
little hard-ſtrained, and in no wiſe neceſſary. Perhaps, with 
a {mall Variation in the Text and Pointing, the Paſſage may lie 


more eaſy and natural thus. 


. Unequal Match! 

Pyrrhus ar Priam drives; in Rage ftrikes wide; 

But with the Whif and Wind of bis fell Sword 

TV unnerved Father falls DOWN SENSELESS. - -- Ilium, 

Seeming to feel this Blow, with flaming Top 
Stoops to hit Baſe, &c. | 


I propoſe this laſt Alteration but as a Conjecture, and without 
laying any Streſs upon it: and the rather too, becauſe, per- 


haps, the whole Paſſage concerning Priam and Hecuba may not 
be of our Poet's writing, but a Quotation from ſome Play of a 


Contemporary, which he had a mind to put in the Mouth of 
a ſtroling Player. I ſhould, indeed, ſuſpect it to be our Poet's 
from one Reaſon only; and that is, from its Subject. I think 
the Obſervation has never yet been made, and therefore I ſhall 


give it here; That there is ſcarce a Play throughout all his 
Works, in which it was poſlible to introduce che Mention of 


them, 


of the Tragedy of HAMLEr. 73 


them, where he has not by Simile, Alluſon, or otherwiſe, hinted 
at the Trojan Affairs; ſo fond was he of that Story. 


LI. Ibid. 


But as we often ſee-againſt ſome ſtorm, ' Emendatiow, 
A ſilence in the heawn, the RACK ſtand ſtill, 

The bold wind ſpeechleſs, and the orb below 
As huſh as death; 


Tho' all the Editions, that have fallen in my Way, write this 
Paſſage as the Editor does; I know no Senſe, in which the Word 
Rack is ever uſed, that will ſerve the Purpoſe here. It muſt cer- 


_ tainly be corrected, 
A Silence in the Heav'n, the WRACK ſtand ſtill, 


1. e. the Tempeſt; the Hurry, Confuſion, and Outrage of the cafe 
Elements: And ſo, in this admirable Paſſage of the TEST, 
p. 60. 

nn Thoſe our Actors, 

As I foretold you, were all Spirits, and 

Are melted into Air, into thin Air; 

And, like the baſeleſs Fabrick of their Viſion, 471 

The Cloud-capt Tow'rs, the gorgeous Palaces, 

The ſolemn Temples, the great Globe it ſelf, 

Zea, all which it inherit, ſball difſobve, 

And, like this inſubſtantial Pageant faded, 

Leave not a RACK behind! © 


It muſt be corrected ; : 5 
Leave not a WR AC K behind?! | 


i, e. if I conceive the Poet's Meaning rightly, not a Fragment, . 
or minuteſt Particle, to ſhew that a Wrack has been. | 


M . LII. 


74 


Falſe Print- 
. * 


As, in theſe Inſtances, (and, per 


The Examination and Correfion 
LIE. Ibid, Page 395. 


Look IE he has not turn'd bis Colour, and has Tears ins Eyes, - 


Proythee no more. 


All the Editions, that I have ever met with, read; 


Look, WHERE he has not turn d his Colour, and has Tears 


in Eyes. Pr ythee, no more. 


7. e. Look, whether he has not, &c. *Tis true, as Mr. PoE 
writes it, the ſame Senſe is convey d; but the other is the 
Poet's Word: And it is frequent with n tho' the Editor did 
not remember it here, to uſe it in that Signification, So in the 


Second Part of HER T VI. pag. 162. 


' And therefore do they cry, the? you forbid, 
That they will guard you where Lou will, or uc. 


And again, pag. 168. 


Died he nor in his Bea? where ſhould he die? 


Can I make Men lrve © 90/520 hg or no? 


where ever elſe it occurs 


in our Author;) the tines of * the Numbers requires a fingle 


uſed by Contraction only, for whether. 
LIN. Ibid. Page 3 95. 


Sllable in the Place where this Word ſtands, it may be, it is 


After your death, you were better have a bad epitaph, then their 


ill report while you hiv'd. 


This i is only a flight literal Fault of the Preſs, and the Reviſer, 


Correct it, as it ought to be, 


After 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 


| After your Death you were better have a bad Epitaph, than their 
Iii Report while you live. | 


THE next, with which my Remarks on this Act conclude, 
is a a of {ſuch a kind, that I don't.know to whoſe Account, 
properly, to place it. There are many Paſſages of ſuch intole- 
rable Careleſſneſs interſpers d thro' all the ſix Volumes, that, 
were not a few of Mr. PoE s Notes ſcatter d here and there too, 
I ſhould be induced to believe that the Words in the Title Page 
of the Firſt Volume, -- COLLATE D, and CORRECTED 
by the former EDITIONS, By Mr. POPE, -- -- were plac'd 
there by the Bookſeller ro enhaunce the Credit of his Edition ; 
but that he had play'd falſe with bis Editor, and never ſent him 
the Sheets to reviſe. And, ſurely, this muſt have been the Caſe 
ſometimes : For no Body ſhall perſwade me that Mr. PoE 
could be awake, and with his Eyes open, and reviſing a Book 
which was to be publiſh'd under his Name, yet let an Error, 
like the following, eſcape his Obſervation and Correction. 


LIV. Act 2. Scene 8. Page 397. 


For murther, tho it have no Tongue, will ſpeak 
With moſt miraculons Organ. P OBSERVE HIS LOOKS, 
Play ſomething like the murther of my father 
| Before mine uncle. Dll obſerve his Looks, 
Pli tent him to the quick ; if he but blench, 
1 know my courſe. 


This is palpable Nonſenſe, from an Error in the Compoſitor to 
the Preſs ; occaſion d by his throwing his Eye two Lines lower 


75 


Correctios. 


than he ſhould have done, and ſo printing the ſame Hemiſtich 


twice over. This Error could not be repeated by an Editor in 
revifing, His Eye and Attention going together in that Task: 
This, therefore, muſt be one of thoſe Sheets, which, as I before 
hinted, were never ſent to Mr. PoE for his Reviſal. Reſtore 

M 2 5 


76 


The Examination and Cyrrection 
it, as the Meaning of the Place requires, and as all the former 
Editions have it; 


For Murther, tho it have no Tongue, will ſpeak 

With moſt miraculous Organ. PI HAVE THESE PLAYERS 
Play ſomething like the Murther of my Father 

Before mine Uncle. Pl obſerve his Looks , 

PI tent him to the Quick ; i he look pale, 

1 know my Courſe. 


But becauſe it may ſeem a little too hard, upon a ſingle In- 
ſtance of this kind, to ſuſpect that the Sheets might not be all 
reviſed by the Editor, as I juſt now hinted ; Ill ſubjoin an- 
other flagrant Teſtimony of the ſame Sort of Negligence : And 
T ſhall do it the more willingly, becauſe I would embrace an 
Opportunity of clearing Brutus from the Imputation of a Mur- 
ther, which SHAXEsPEARE is made to throw upon him, tho 
he never had it in his Head to think him guilty of it. 
WILLIAM de la Poole, the wicked Duke of Suffolk, being baniſh- . 
ed out of England by King Henry the Sixth, as he is making off 
in Diſguiſe, is upon the Coaſt of Kent taken by Pirates: And 
behaving himſelf to them in a Manner they did not care to 
brook, was ordered to the long Boat's Side, there to have his 
Head ftrook off. As he is dragging away, he comforts himſelf 


that his Death will be memorable, from the Circumſtance of 


his being murther'd by ſuch mean and vile Fellows ; as it had 
happen'd to many Great Men before him. 


Second Part of Hznzr VI. pag. 173. 


That this my death may never be forgot. 
Great men oft die by vile Bezonians. 

A Roman ſworder and Bandetto ſlave 
Murther'd feet Tully. Brutus? baſtard hand 
Pompey the Great ; and Suffolk dies by pirates. 


Tully 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Tully indeed was kill'd by Herennius a Centurion, whom the 
Poet here calls, by way of Ignominy, a Roman Sworder ; and 
by Popilius a Tribune, who is likewiſe here call'd a Bandetto 
Slave, probably, becauſe he had formerly murthered his Father, 
and was defended, upon his Tryal for that Fact, by Tully. 
But would not any Body now, taking Mr. PoPz's for a correct 
and infallible Edition, begin to wonder how SHAKESPEARE 
could be ſo preciſe in Roman Hiſtory as to the Death of Cicero; 
and ſo ignorant, as to lay the Murther of Pompey upon Brutus? 
If we were to take this Fact for granted, we ſhould find our 
Poet guilty of a ſtrange Self- Contradiction, or Pompey the Fa- 
ther of a very degenerate Son. For Sextus Pompeius, in ano- 
ther of our Author's Plays, gives Brutus ſuch a Character and 


Commendations, as no Man certainly would beſtow on his Fa- 
ther's Murtherer. See | 


ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 345. 
22 [ do not know, 

Wherefore my Father ſhould Revengers want, 
Having a Son and Friends ; ſince Julius Cæſar, 
(Who at Philippi the GOOD Brutus ghoſted,) 
There ſaw you lab'ring for him. What was it 
That mov'd pale Caſſius to conſpire ? And what 
Made thee ALL-HONOUR'D, HONEST Roman Brutus, 
With the arm'd reſt, Courtiers of beauteous Freedom, 
To drench the Capitol, but that they would 
Have but one man, a man? And that zs it 
Hath made me rig my Navy: At whoſe Burthen | 
The anger d Ocean foams, with which I meant 
To ſcourge th' Ingratitude that deſpiteful Rome 
Caſt. ow my noble Father. | 


The Sentiments of filial Piety, and Reſolutions of avenging his 
Father's Murther, are too ſtrongly expreſs d, to ſuppoſe he would 


in the ſame Breath beſtow an Encomium on the Man who = 
een beltow an ENCOM 15 


77 


78 The Examination and Correction 


Occofoe him; But when I firſt quoted this Paſlage, I little ſuſpected 
it would have furniſhed freſh Work for Correction. What! 
were the Conſpirators preſumed to have kill'd Cæ SAR, becauſe 
they would have but one Man, a Man? What Mock reaſoning «us 
this ? If they would have but one man, a man, (i. e. a Man «4 
Zo a Man eminent above, and over-topping, all others ; ) 
it was the Height of Czſar's Ambition to be ſuch a One, and 
therefore they ſhould rather have let him live. If I underſtand 
the Meaning of the Poet, he would infer, that the noble Conſpi- 
rators ſtabb'd Ceſar, becauſe they would have, or ſuffer, any 
one Man to be but a Man; i. e. they would have no one aim at 
arbitrary Power, and a Degree of Preheminence above the reſt. 
Reſtore the Place therefore with the ſecond Folio Edition; 


—— 22 but that they would | 
Have One Man, but a Man? 


But to return again to the Queſtion of Powpey being kill'd by 
Brutus. I have before hinted, that our Poet never deſign'd a 
Charge of this ſort againſt poor Brutus; and in ſhort, SHARK E- 
SPEARE will preſently ſtand acquitted of this Blunder ; and the 
Fault appear to have ariſen from a Negligence of Reviſal, or 
rather from the Want of reviſing at all. But that this Suſpicion 
of mine may not appear a meer gratis dictum, Tl now give 
the Reaſon that induced me to it; and from which, I think, 
the Source of the Error may be fairly accounted for. 'The, 
Caſe is, a Material Line is left out, in this Paſſage, by Mr. PoE 
Impreſſion; which very Line is left out of another Edition, in 
Duodecimo, likewiſe publiſh'd by Mr. Tonſon about ten Years 
ago; ſo that it ſeems moſt probable, that the Preſs was ſet 
to Work and corrected by this Duodecimo Edition; without any 
Collation with the old Editions mentioned in Mr. Po Es Table 
of Editions at the End of his Sixth Volume. This Deduction, I 
am ſure, is fair and natural: for the ſecond folio Edition (one 
of the Editions there mentioned, ) exhibits the Paſſage entire, 
and as the Poet wrote it: and even the fourth Edition in folio 
(which, indeed, is but a faulty one ;) printed no longer ago than 
8 the 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


the Year 168 5, likewiſe has it as it ſhould be. Reſtore it there- 
fore with them, and we come back both to the Truth of the 
Hiſtory, and the Poet's Text into the Bargain. 5 


That This my Death may never be forgot. 

Great Men oft die by vile Bezonians. 

A Roman Sworder, and Bandetto Slave 
Murtber d fweet Tully. Brutus' baſtard Hand 
STAB'D Julius Czfar. SAVAGE ISLANDERS 
Pompey the Great : And Suffolk dies by Pirates, 


I cannot help, tho' this Paſſage has already taken up ſome 2 
Length, throwing in an Explication upon it, which will be new 

to ſome Readers, at leaſt, of SHAXESPEARE : and, conſequent- 

ly, I ſhall not loſe all my Labour in it. I had once a Suſpicion 

that the Poet intended to make Suffolk reproach Brutus with 
Cowardice, for diſhonourably ſtabing Ceſar ; and that the Text, 

to ſupport this Meaning, ſhould have been alter'd to 


—————d Brutus? DASTARD Hand 
Stab'd Julius Czfar: 


A Miſtake of the like kind has happen'd upon the very ſame 
Words in another of our Author's Plays. In King Richard II. 
Bolingbroke being required to throw down the Duke of Norfokk's 
Gage, and withdraw his own Challenge, refuſes at firſt upon a 
point of Honour, and throws out this contemptuous Reflexion 
againſt the Duke, 
Shall T ſeem creſi-faln in my Father's Sight? 
Or with pale beggar-fear impeach my Height, 
Before this ont-dared DASTARD? --- 


Where ſome of the Editions erroneouſly expreſs it, 
Before this out-dared BASTARD? --» 


But 


80 


The Examination and Correction 

But I have ſince found Reaſons to retract this Opinion, and 
to be convinced that the Poet, in calling Brutus BASTARD, 
deſigned a much deeper Contumely than That of comardice; 
viz. the blackeſt Ingratitude and moſt deteſtable Parricide 
SHAKESPEARE has elſewhere taken Notice of Cæſars exceſſive 
Love to Brutus, and of the Ingratitude of the latter for being 
concern'd in his Murther. g 


JULIUS CRSAR, pag. 271. 
Thro* This, the well; beloved BRU U ſtabb'd, 
And, as he pluck'd his curſed Steel away, | 
Mark how the Blood of Cæſar follow'd it! 

_ As ruſhing out of Doors to be reſold, 
If Brutus /0 unkindly knock'd, or no: 
For BRUT US, as you know, was 'Ceſar's ANGEL. 
Fudge, oh, you Gods, how dearly CES AR lov'd him 
This, This, was the unkindeſt Cut of all, 
For when the noble Cæſar ſaw Him fab, 
INGRATIFUDE, more ſtrong than Traytors Arms, 


Quite vanquiſb d him 


But this amounts to no more than a poſitive Accuſation againſt 
Brutus of Ingratitude, becauſe Ceſar lov d him to that Co 
We know Nothing from hence of the Spring of Ceſar's Affection, 
or why Brutus, even for aſſiſting in his Murther, ſhould be 
ſtigmatiz d with Baſtardy. As this Piece of ſecret Hiſtory is 
no where elſe ſo much as hinted at, that I know of, or can recol- 
led, throughout all our Author's Works, I ſhall give it from 
PLUTARCH in the Life of Marcus BrUTUs. Ceſar, before 
the great Battle of Pharſalia, had order'd his Commanders to 
{pare Brutus, and. bring him ſafe to him, if he would willing- 
ly ſurrender himſelf : But if he made any Reſiſtance, to ſut- 
er him to eſcape, rather than to kill him. And this he 
is believed to have dene (ſays the HrsroRTAV,) out of a 
« Tenderneſs to Servilia, the Mother of Brutus: For 8 
| ha 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


* had it ſeems, in his Youth, been very intimate with her, 
“and ſhe paſſionately in Love with him. And conſidering 
that Brutus was born about that Time, in which their Loves 
« were at the higheſt, Ceſar had ſome Reaſon to believe that he 
« was begot by him. This SHAKESPEARE knew, and 
therefore reviles Brutus with being the Baſtard Iſſue of the Man 
whom he ſo ungratefully kill'd. 


LV. Act 3. Scene 1. Page 399. 


Good Gentlemen, give him a further edge, 
And drive his purpoſe INTO theſe delights. 


But Two Speeches above, Roſencraus had informed the Queen, 
that there did ſeem a kind of Joy in Hamlet to hear of the Ac- 
tors Coming, and that they had already Orders to play before 
him : What Occaſion, therefore, was there to drive his Purpoſe 
into theſe Delights? He already ſeem'd to give into them; and 
the King deſires Roſencraus and Guildenſtern to promote and 
further that Bent and Diſpoſition which Hamlet ſhew'd to that 
Sort of Pleaſures. I think, therefore, the ſecond Folio Edition 
expreſles this Paſſage more rightly ; 


Good Gentlemen, give him a further Edge, 
And drive his Purpoſe ON TO theſe Delights. 


And ſo the Poet expreſſes himfelf before in the ſecond Act of 
this Play, where the King entreats Roſencraus and Guildenſtern, 


as old School- fellows of Hamlet, to ſtay a while at Court in or- 


der to divert him. See pag. 379. 


— J entreat you Both, 
That being of ſo young Days brought up with him, 
And ſince ſo neighbour'd to his Youth and Humour, 
That Tow vouchſafe your Reft here in our Court 
Some little Time, ſo by your Companies 
To draw him ON TO Pleaſures, 
| N LVI. 


81 


Various ' 


Reading. 


82 


cated. 


Text Vindi- 


The Examination and Correction 


LVI. Act g. Scene 2. Page 400. 


To be, or not to be? --- That is the queſtion, = - « 
Whether *tis nobler in the mind, to ſuffer 

The ſlings and arrows of outrageous fortune; 

Or to take arms againſt a SEA of troubles, 

And by oppoſing end them 


A late Eminent AUTHOR, I think, took the beginning of this 
noble Speech to Task, for employing too great a Diverſity of 
Metaphors, that have no Agreement with one another, nor any 
Propriety and Connexion in the Ideas. To take Arms againſt a 
Sea, literally ſpeaking, would be as unfeaſible a Project, as 
the Artempt (mentioned in a Speech of the Lord Haverſham, 
in a late Reign; ) to ſtop the Tide at Graveſend with 4 Man's 
Thumb. Mr. Porz ſubjoins a Note, that inſtead of a Sea of 
Troubles, it might have been perhaps, ſiege; which continues 
the Metaphor of ſlings, arrows, taking Arms; and repreſents the 
being encompaſſed on all Sides with Troubles, The EDITOR is not 
the firſt who has had the ſame Suſpicion : And I may ſay, be- 
cauſe I am able to prove it by Witneſſes, it was a Gueſs of 
mine, before he had enter'd upon publiſhing SHAKESPEARE, 
But, perhaps, the Correction may be, at beſt, but a Gueſs ; con- 
{idering the great Liberties that this Poet is obſerved to take, 
elſewhere, in his Diction, and Connexion of Metaphors : And con- 
ſidering too, that a Sea (amongſt the antient Writers, ſacred 
and prophane, in the Oriental, as well as the Greek and Latin, 
Tongues ;) is uſed to ſignify not only the great, collected, Body 
of Waters which make the Ocean, but likewiſe a vaſt Quanti- 
ty, or Multitude, of any thing elſe. * The Prophet Jeremiab, 
particularly, in one Paſlage, calls a prodigions Army coming 

1 | ; up 

7 


* — 


_—_—_— 
— 


3 


* Vid. Schindleri Lexic. Pentaglottum ; Kircheri C oncordantias Veteris Teſlamenti ; Bec» 
mannum de Origine Linzue Latinum; Martinii Lexicon Philologicum, ce. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 


up againſt a City, a Sea, Chap. 5 1. 42. The Sea is come up 
upon Babylon; ſhe is covered with the Multitude of the Waves 
thereof. So here, I conceive, to take Arms againſt a Sea of Troubles, 
is, figuratively, to bear up againſt the Troubles of human Lite, 
which flow in upon us, and encompaſs us round, like a Sea, 

Bur there is another Paſlage in this Soliloquy of HAuL Er, 
which, I hinted, in my Remarks upon the laſt Act, would 
demand ſome Conſideration in its proper Place; and, there- 
fore, it naturally falls in here. 


But that the Dread of Something after Death 
(That undiſcover'd Country, from whoſe Bourn 
No Traveller returns ;) puzzles the Will ; 

Aud makes us rather bear thoſe Ille we have, 
Than fly to Others that we know not of. 


The Criticks have, without the leaſt Scruple, accuſed the Poet 
of Forgetfulneſs and Self-Contradifion from this Paſlage ; ſeeing 


that in this very Play he introduces a CharaQter from the other 


World, the Ghoſt of Hamrer's Father. I would not be ſo 
hardy to aſſert peremptorily, that SHAxzsPEARE was aware 
of this ſeeming Abſurdity, and deſpiſed it; any more than I 
would pretend to juſtify him againſt this Charge to all his Ob- 
jectors. If he foreſaw any thing of it, perhaps, he ſhelter' 
himſelf from their Criticiſms under ſome Reſerve like this. 


"Tis certain, to introduce a Ghoſt, a Being from the other 


World, and to ſay that no Traveller returns from thoſe Confines, 
is, literally taken, as abſolute a Contradiction as can be ſup- 
poſed, & facto & terminis, But we are to take Notice, that 
SHAKESPEARE brings his Ghoſt only from a middle State, or 
local Purgatory ; a Priſon-houſe, as he makes his Spirit call it, 
where he was doom'd, for a Term only, to expiate his Sins of 
Nature. By the undiſcovered Country, here mentioned, he may, 
perhaps, mean that [aſt and eternal Reſidence of Souls in a State of 
full Bliſs or Miſery : which Spirits in a Middle State (either 
under Purgation, or in the Priſons of Hope, as, I think, one of the 


APOSTLES calls them ;) could not be acquainted with, or ex- 
N 2 plain, 


Self-Contra- 
diction in the 
Poet ex- 

amin d. 


—— ́— wn.” — — oe — —„—-— 


84 


T he Examination and Correction 


plain. So that, if any Latitude of Senſe may be allow'd to 


the Poet's Words, tho' he admits the Poſſibility of a Spirit returning 
from the Dead, he yet holds that the State of. the Dead can» 
not be communicated, and, with that Allowance, it remains {till 
an undiſcover d Country. We are to obſerve too, that even his 
Ghoſt who comes, as L hinted above, from Purgatory, (or, what- 
ever elſe has been underſtood under that Denomination;) comes 
under Reſtrictions: And tho' he confeſſes himſelf ſubject to a 
Viciſſitude of Torments, yet he ſays at the fame time, that he 
is forbid to tell the Secrets of his Priſon- bouſe. If theſe Qualifi- 
cations will not intitle the Poet to ſay, that no Traveller re- 
turns from the Verge of the other World, i. e. to diſcloſe any 
of its Myſteries, without a Contradiction to the Liberty he has 
taken of bringing, Apparitions. upon the Stage; it is all the Sal- 
vo I can put in for him, and I muſt give him up to the Mer- 
cy of the Cavillers. The Antients had the ſame Notions of 
our abſtruſe and twilight Knowledge of an After-Being. VA E- 
RTUS Fx Accus, I remember, (if I may be indulged in a ſhort 
Digreſſion,) ſpeaking of the lower Regions, and State of the Spirits 
there, has an Expreſſion which, in one Senſe, comes cloſe to 
our AUTHOR'S. undiſcovered. Country; viz, === Superis incognita 
Tellus. And it is obſervable that Vire1., before he enters up- 
on a Deſcription of Hell, and of the Elyfan Fields, implores the 
Permiſſion of the Infernal Deities, and profeſſes, even then, to 
diſcover no more than Hear-Sqy concerning their Myſterious 
Dominions. VIRG, Aneid. VI. 


Dii, quibus imperium eſt Animarum, Umbrzque ſilentes, 
Et Chaos, & Phlegethon, loca nocte tacentia late, 

Sit mihi fas audita loqui, ſit numime veſtro 

Pandere res alta terri et caligine merſas. 


The Note of Donatus upon this Paſſage is very remarkable to 
our Poet's Subject: But That the Curious may refer to at their 

Leiſure, 
I SHALL conclude all I have to remark on this fine Solilozuy, when 
I have ſubjoin d an Explication to one Word; in which, perhaps, 
| I may 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


I may take the Poet in a Meaning different from what the Gene- 
rality of his Readers underſtand him. But if my Singularity 
in this Point be juſtify'd by a Reaſon, I hope it will ſecure me 
from the Cenſure of being idly fingular. He is ſaying, That 
were it not for the Dread of an unknown State after this, who 
would bear the Plagues and Calamities here, when he could 
himſelf put an End to them, and his own Life too ? His Words 
are theſe; | 


For who would bear the Whips, and Scorns of Time, 
When as himſelf might his Quietus make 
. With a bare BODKIN ? 


I know that the Poet is generally interpreted to mean in this 


Place, When we might give ourſelves a Releaſe by any, the leaſt, 
Weapon of Offence that can be. Tis true, This exaggerates the 
Thought in that particular ; but I can ſcarce ſuppoſe that hein- 
tended to deſcend to a Thought, that a Man might diſpatch 
himſelf with a Bodkin, or little Implement with which Women 
ſeparate, and twiſt over their Hair. I rather believe, the Poet 
deſigned the Word here to ſignify, according to the old Ulage 
of it, a Dagger. Tho' the Gloſſaries give us no ſuch Interpreta- 
tion, the uſe of an Old and Learned Poet, who may weigh 
againſt their Comments, I am ſure will ſupport me in it. 
CHAUCER, in his Monke s Tale, recounting the Murther of Julius 
Ceſar, has this Stanza, | 


This- Julius unto the Capitol went, 

"Upon a day, as he was wont to gone, 

And in the Capitol anon him hent 

This falſe Brutus, and his other fone, 

And ſlicked him with BODKINS anone 

With many a Wound, and thus they let hin lie. 

But never grutch'd he at no ſtrote but One, 

Or elſe at two, but bis ſtory lie. 1 
R f 18 


Occaſional 
Gloſs. 


86 T be Examination and Correction 


'Tis plain, that the Poet here means Daggers by this Word: And 
no one ever yet thought that Brutus and Caſſius, or any other 


of the Conſpirators, ſtabb'd Ceſar with their Ladies Bodkins. 


LVII. Act 3. Scene 6. Page 407. 


Falſe Point== King. I have nothing with this anſwer, Hamlet, theſe words are 
18 not mine. | 
Haml. No, nor mine [n] ow, my Lord L. ] You play d once it Uni 
verſity, you fay ? | | 


HAMLET gives the King an abrupt, gruff, Anſwer ; and im- 
mediately applies himſelf and his Diſcourſe to Polonius. Cor- 
rect it therefore, as the ſecond and fourth Folio Editions have 


at. 


King. I have Nothing with this Aufiver, Hamlet; the/e Words are 


not mine. 


Haml. No, nor mine. - - Nou, my Lord, Tou play d once i' th. 


Oniverſity, you ſay ? 
LVIII. Ibid. Page 408. 


— Haml. Lady, ſball I lie in your Lap? Bs 

— Ophel. No, my Lord. 
U ] 

Haml. Do you think I meant Country matters 


Certainly, HAxLET's Anſwer is more natural, and leſs abrupt, 
if we reſtore this Paſſage from the ſecond folio Edition thus: 


Haml. Lady, ſhall I lie in your Lap? 

Ophel. No, my Lord. 

Haml. I mean, my Head upon your Lap? 

Ophel. Ay, my Lord. 

Haml. Do you think I meant Country Matters? 5 
Ta | ut 


of the Tragedy of HAMuLEr. 87 


But, indeed, if ever the Poet deſerved Whipping for low and 
indecent Ribaldry, it was for this Paſſage ; ill-tim'd in all its 
Circumſtances, and unbefitting the Dignity of his Characters, 
as well as of his Audience. 


LIX. Act 3. Scene 7. Page 408. 


Enter a King and Queen very lovingly; the Queen embracing him, Omiſſion 
and he her. ] He takes her up, and declines his Head 9 


upon her Lap. 


Mr. PoPE here makes the King, as we ſay upon a different Oc- 
caſion, take her up, before ſhe's down. It muſt be reſtor d as the 


ſecond folio Edition, and ſeveral others, rightly have it. 


Enter a King and Queen, very lovingly 5 the Queen embracing him, 
and he her. She kneels, and makes Shew of Proteſtation unto him: 
He takes her up, and declines his Head upon her Lap. 


LX. Ibid. Page 410. 


And come n' fear and love hold quantity, Emenda- 
3 . tion. 

"Tis either none, or in extremity ; | 

Now what my love ts, proof hath made you know, 

And as my love is FIX*D, my fear is fd. 


So ſeveral of the Editions exhibit this Paſſage ; but, I think, 
the Senſe of the Context ſhews it to be wrong, My Quarto 


Edition of 1637 has it; 
And as my Love is CIZ' D, my Fear is 0, 
And the Second folio Edition reads, 


Aud as my Love is SIZ, my Fear is /0. 
| Now, 


88 The Examination and Correction 


Now, from theſe two miſtaken Readings, and as the Queen 
evidently is talking here of the Quantity of her Love and Fear, 
their Proportion, not their Continuance or Duration, I am per- 
ſwaded, the whole Paſſage ought to be reſtor d thus; 


And Women's Fear and Love hold Quantity, 

*Tis either None, or in Extremity 3 

Now what my Love is, Proof hath made you know, 
And as my Love is SIZ D, my Fear is #0: 


i. e. As you know by Proof the Quantity of my Love; ſo my 
Fear for you is of the {ſame Size as my Love is. | 


LXI. Ibid. Page 412. 


Falſe Print - King: IV bat do you call the Play? 
Haml. The Mouſe-trap. Marry, how ? T OPI CALLY. 
This play is the image of a murther done in Vienna; 
Gonzago zs the duke's Name, his WIFE Baptiſta; 
&c . 


Correct it, as it ought to be. 


King. I bar do you call the Play? 
Haml. The Mouſe- trap. Marry how ? TRO CALL. 
This Play is the Image of a Murther done in Vienna; 
Gonzago is the Duke's Name, his Wizz's Baptiſta; 
Se. 


Well; immediately upon this enters Lucianus; and HAMLET, 
continuing his Relation, tells his Uncle; 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


LXII. Ibid. 
This is one Lucianus, nephew to the KING. 


All the Editions whatever, tis true, concur in this Reading; 
and therefore we are to preſume the Blunder was original, 
either in the Poet's Inadvertence, or the Miſtake of the firſt 
Tranſcript. Nephew to what King? The Story of the introduc'd 
Play is the Murther of Gonxago, Duke of Vienna: As is plain 
from the preceding Part of this very Speech. It therefore ought 
to be corrected, in Spight of all the printed Copies ; 


This is one Lucianus, Nephew to the DUKE. 


So, wherever the Player-King and Queen are mentioned, it 
ought to be DUKE and DUTCHESS. The Source of theſe 
Miſtakes is eaſily to be accounted for, from the Stage's Dreſ- 
fing of the Characters. Regal Coronets, perhaps, being by the 
Poet at firſt ordered for the Duke and Dutcheſs, the ſucceeding 
Players, who did not ſo ſtrictly obſerve the Quality of the 
Characters and Circumſtances of the Story, miſtook them for 
a King and Queen; and ſo the Error was deduced down from 
thence to the preſent Times. | 


LXIII. Ibid. 


Ophel. Ton are keen, my Lord, you are keen. | 
Haml. It would coſt you a groaning, to take off my edge. 
Ophel. Sti1} WORSE and wor/6. 

Haml. So you muſt take your Husbands. 


Surely, this is the moſt uncomfortable Leſſon that ever was 
preached to the poor Ladies : And I can't help wiſhing, for our 
own fakes too, it mayn't be true. Tis too foul a Blot upon 
our Reputations, that every Husband that a Woman takes muſt 


be worſe than her former. The Poet, I am pretty ſure, =—_—_— 
O 5 


Emendation. 


Emendation. 


The Examination and Correo 


ed no ſuch Scandal upon the Sex. The Second and Fourth 
folio Editions, and the Quarto of 16 637, read the latter Part of 
this Dialogue thus, 


Ophel. Sill better and worſe. 
Haml. So you miſtake Hurbands. 


Miſtake, in the Laſt Line, runs thro all the printed Copies, 
that I have ever ſeen, from the ſecond folio Edition downwards. 
Mr. PoE, who very juſtly reſtores the true Reading there, 
takes no manner of Notice of the Various Reading in the laſt 
Line but One Tho”, if I underſtand the Poet's Conceit at all, 
the whole Smartneſs of the ee depends uponit, I think, 
therefore, the entire Paſlage ought to ſtand thus, | 


Ophel. 7ou are keen, my Lord, you are keen. 

Haml. It? would coſt You a Grouning to take off mine ££9ze. 
Ophel. Sci BETTER aud WORSE. 

Hal. So un muſt rake your Hezbands. 


In ſhort, HAMLET has been all along talking to the young Lady 
in double Entendre's, or, rather, in a Strain of Freedow whi 
ſcarce admits of that nice Diſtinction. She tells him once be- 
fore, that he's naught, and ſhe'll mark the Play. He ſtill keeps 
up his Vein of Drollery, and throws in ſuch plain Hints, that 
ſhe is forced to parry them by an indirect Anſwer ; and re- 
marks, as I conceive, that his Wit is ſmarter, tho' his Meaning 
is more blunt. This, I think, is the Senſe of her -- - Still bet- 
ter and worſe, and then Where is Tome Reaſon and Acute- 
neſs in HaMLET's Anſwer, So you muſt take your 'Husbands. 
For he certainly alludes to the Words in the Church-S$ervice of 
Matrimony, where the Husband and Wife promiſe alternately to 
take each other for BET'TER, for WORSE ; for richer, for 
poorer, Oc. 


LXIV. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 91 
LXIV. Ibid. Page 413. 


Ophel. The King riſes, é Omiiſion 
Queen. How fares my Lord? 

Polon. Give ver the play. 

King, Give me ſome light, away. 


As Hamlet had chrown ſome appoſite Lines into the Play, in 
Order to ſift the King's Conſcience as to the Fact of his Father's 
Murther, and was reſolved to watch his Looks and Behaviour 
narrowly during the Repreſentation 3 when the Scene comes to 
touch the Poyſoning in the Garden, and the King, ſtruck with 
the Image of his own Deed, caa ſet it out no longer, methinks, 
it is very improbable that Hamlet, upon this pleaſing Stroke of 
Conviction, ſhould not expreſs his Satisfaction in one half-line 
at leaſt, upon the Play having a proper Effect, and his being 
convinced of his Uncle's Guilt, The Paſlage ought certainly to 
be ſupplied from the Second Folio Edition, and Three more Im- 


Ophel. The King riſes. 

Ham. What, frighted with falſe Fire? 
Queen. Hote fares my Lord? 

Polon. Give oder the Play. 

King. Give me ſome Light, away. 


LXV. A& 3. Scene 8. Page 413. 
Conjectural 


Would not this, Sir, and à foreſt of feathers, if the reſt of my fortunes Paluduien 
turn Turk with me, with two provincial roſes on my RAI D Shoes, 


get me a fellowſhip in a cry of players, Sir? 


Hamlet, applauding himſelf upon the Diſcovery his additional 

Lines in the Play have made of his Uncle's Villany, asks Hora- 

tio, whether he does not think, that his Skill, and a few _ 
| O2z 5 n 


—— — — ͥ — 


92 


The Examination and Correction 


trical Equipments join'd with it, would not, upon a Shift, help 


him into a Share among the Players by their own Voices. But, 
what are we to underſtand by ray d Shoes? Mr. Popx tells us, 
at the Bottom of his Page, that in ſome Books he had found it 
rac d; in others, ract d. Tis true; and no leſs than three Edi- 
tions that I know of, (viz, the Quartos of 1637 and 1703, and 
Mr. Hughs's Impreſſion,) have it, raxd : And all the four 
Readings, I believe, are equally miſtaken ; tho' the laſt mention- 
ed, perhaps, will bring us neareſt to the true one. "Tis plain 
to me, Hamlet, from the Diſcovery that his Lines in the Play 
have extorted, is complimenting himſelf on his Tafte and Judg- 
ment in the Powers of Tragedy ; and ſeems to think that he wants 
Nothing but a Stock of Plumes, and Buskins, to ſet him up for 
one of the Profeſſion. If this be the true Senſe of the Paſſage, 
as I believe verily it is, I am apt to think the Poet wrote it thus. 


Would not This, Sir, and a Foreſt of Feathers, if the reſt of my For- 
tunes turn Turk with Me, with two provincial Roſes on my RAIS'D 
' Shoes, get mea Fellowſhip in a Cry of Players, Sir? 


By rais'd Shoes, as I take it, he means the Tragedy-Buskin, (or 
Cothurnus, as it was call'd by the Romans; ) which was as much 
higher in the Heel than other common Shoes, as the Chioppines, 


worn by the Venetians, are, mention'd by our Poet in the fore- 


going Act of this Play. It was the known Cuſtom of the Tra- 
gedians of Old, that they might the nearer reſemble the Heroes 
they perſonated, to make themſelves as tall in Stature, and, by 
an artificial Help to Sound, to ſpeak as big, as they poſſibly could. 


But of this I ſhall have Occaſion to ſpeak more at large in the 


Diſſertation to be prefix d to my Tranſlation of Aiscnrius's Tra- 


gedies. HoRACE, in his ſhort Hiftory of the Progreſs of the 


Stage, takes Notice of theſe two Things, as peculiar 5. 
to Tragedy; --- magnumque loqui, nitique Cothurno : And SHAKE- 


spark himſelf, in his Troilus and Creſſida, ſeems to rally the 


Actors both on Account of ſtretching their Voices and Perſons, 
( pag. 24.) 
| | And 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


And like a ſtrutting Player, whoſe Conceit 
Lies in his Ham-ſtring, and doth think it rich 
To hear the wooden Dialogue, and Sound, 
"Twixt his STRETCH”D FooTixc and the Scaffoldage 3 


LXVL Ibid. 


For thou deſt know, ob Damon dear, 
This realm diſmantled was 

Of Jove himſelf, and now reigns here 
A very very PEACOCK. 


The Generality of Editions have another Reading, (which is, 
indeed, a corrupt one as printed,) but Mr. PoE has eſpouſed 
This, and ſubjoined a Note for his Reaſon ; that it alludes to 4 
Fable of the Birds chufing a King, inſtead of the Eagle, a Peacock. 
I ſuppoſe, the Epitokx muſt mean the Fable of Barlandus, in 
which it is ſaid, the Birds, being weary of their State of Anar- 
chy, moved for the ſetting up of a King. The Peacock, on Ac- 
count of his gay Feathers, put in for the Office ; and the 
Choice upon the Poll falling to him, a Pye ftood up with 
this Speech in his Mouth; May it pelaſe your Majeſty, ſays 
he, we ſhould be glad to know, in Caſe the Eagle ſhould fall upon us 
in your Reign, as he has formerly done, how will you be able to de- 
fend us? But, with Submiſſion, in this Paſſage of SHAKESPEARE, 
there 1s not the leaſt Mention made of the Eagle, unleſs, by 
an uncommon Figure, Fove himſelf ſtands in the Place of his 
Bird. Then, we do not find that Hamlet intends to ſpeak of his 
Uncle, as of a Perſon unable to defend the Realm; nor, indeed, 
do we find that the Realm had been yer attack'd, or wanted a 
Defender. In ſhort, I think, Hamlet is here ſetting his Father sand 
Uncle's Characters againſt each other; and means to ſay, that by 
his Father's Death, the State was ſtript ofa Godlike Monarch, in Ex- 
cellence rivalling Fove: And that now, in his ſtead, reign'd the moſt 
deſpicableAnimalthat could be. I ſay, that Hamlet intends a Compa- 
riſon betwixt his Father and his Uncle; or, at leaſt, to ſpeak greatly 
to the Diſadvantage, and in Contempt of the latter. But the 


Conjectural 
Emenda- 
tions. 


The Examination and Correfion 


Peacock, ſurely, is too fine a Bird to be thus degraded ; tho' the 
Eagle has the Preference in Strength, Spirit, and Fierceneſs. 
Beſides, what Features of Reſemblance are there betwixt a tame 
Peacock, and a King, who had Courage enough to uſurp a Crown, 
to make away with his own Brother to make way for himſelf, 
and to juſtle his Brother's Son, Hamlet, out of the Election, tho 
he was a Favourite of the People ? 

Were it neceſſary to ſuppoſe, that the Poet meant, Hamlet 
ſhould revile his Uncle here for a tame, cowiſh Spirit, and as 
= one inheriting none of the maſculine Qualities of his Predeceſſor; 
the Change of a ſingle Letter will give us this Senſe, and a Word 
too that has the Warrant of our Poet, in another Place, to bear 


that Sigaification. I would then read, 


n============= and HOW reigus here 
A ver, very, MEACOCK. 


| Nowa Peacock or Bewrcock, beſides its proper Signification of a 
f cravenly Bird, is taken metaphorically to mean a daſtardly effemi- 
nate Fellow: And in that Accepration we find it uſed in the 
TAMING of the SHREW, pag. 312. 


Oh, you are Novices 5 ir a World to ſee, 
How tame (when Men and Women are alone,) 
4 A MEACOCK Wretch can make the curftefl Shrew. 


Bat not to fix our ſelves down abſolutely to this Reading, let's 
firſt have Recourſe to the various Reading in ſome of the Copies, 
and fee what Help we can derive from thence. The Second and 
Fourth Editions in Folio, the Quarto of 1637. and, if it be worth 
Þ in 1714, all have it; 2 « | 


REFER and now reigns here 
arious Rea- | | | 
ding. 5 A very, very, P AJOCK. 
= ' , 1 * * es 1 8 — — 


— 


* Skinner's Lexicon Erymolag. in Meacock. 


of the Tragedy of Hamer: 3s 
I muſt own, I know no ſuch Term; but there is one ſo very 
near it in Sound, and one which ſuits the Author's Meaning in 
Senſe ſo aptly, that it is not improbable but he might write ori- 
ginally; 
SE — and now reigns here 
A very, very, PADDOCK. 


Here you have the old Word itſelf which Minſhew derives from 
padde, Bufo, a Toad. * Our Author was very well acquainted with 
the Word, and has uſed it more than once, or twice. In the 
Firſt Witch-Scene of his Macbeth, we have theſe Words. 


"RED: =<o—opue come, Grimalkin; 
24 Witch. PADDOCK calls. 


Where the Haggs ſpeak of the Screaming of the Car, and the 
Croaking of the Toad, which they are ſuppoſed to hear from the Or- 
ans of their Familiars. But what makes it the more probable that 
this Term ſhould be uſed here, Hamlet, again, afterwards, ſpeaking 
of his Uncle to the Queen his Mother, among other contemptuous 
Additions, gives him this very Appellation of Paddock. 


—— *T were goad, you let him know ; 
For who, that's but 4 Queen, fair, ſober, wiſe, 
Would from a PADDOCK, from @ Bat, à Gib, 
Such dear Goncernings hide? 


But, again: If we will, with Mr. Po>z, ſuppoſe, that the Poet bo ig 
alludes to the Eagle, and ſome inferior Bird in Quality that has 
got the Start of him; another ſmall Variation from the Text 


will bring us to all we want for this Purpoſe, Why, then, might 
not the Poet make his Hamlet ſay, 


ew and now reigns here 
A very, very PUTTOCK. 


* Idem, ix Paddock. 


96 The Examination and Correction 


i. e. a ravenous Kite, a mere Bird of Prey; a Devourer of the 
State and People; without any of the Excellencies and defenſtve 
Virtues of he Royal Eagle, his Father? Here again we have a 
Word, which the Poet was as well acquainted with, as with the 
two already quoted. 


Second Part of King HEN RT VI. pag. 160. 


Who finds the Partridge in the PUTTOCK's Neft, 
But may imagine how the Bird was dead, 
Although the Kite ſoar with unbloodied Beak ? 


But what might go a good Way towards ; ſupporting a Conjecture 
that this was our Author's Word here, is, that there is a parti- 
cular Paſſage in another of his Plays, where, the Fagle and Put. 
zock are placed a bens , and in a Light 4 O Write to 
one another. 


CrMBELINE. . 128. 


Cymb. Thou might'ft have had the ſole Sw of ey His: 
Imog. Ot, that I might not! I choſe an EAGLE, 
And did avoid a PUTTOCK.---- 


I ſhall leave theſe Conjectural Readings entirely to the Arbitra- 
tion of better e But, I think, I may with Modeſty af- 
firm every one of them to be more juſt, and better grounded, 
than that eſpouſed by the Editor ; and that — the Pra- 
. cock may cen 1 be content to wait for another Election. | 


- PO LXVII. Ibid. Page 415. 


Vario Ree: Ob wonderful fon, that can ſo aftonifh 4 Mother C. J But is there uo /e. 
Peri. quel at the heels of this Mother-Admiration ? 


Correct, as Gme of the better Books exhibit i it ; 3 


- O.wwonderful Son, that can ſo aſtoniſb a Mother ! --- But is there no 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 
LXVIIL Ibid. Page 416. 


Haml. Merhinks it is like an f Ouzle, 
Pol. It is black lite an Ouzle. Reading. 


An Onzle, — . it has been printed by Miſtake a Heeſel, which is 
not black. 


I have nothing to object againſt this Alteration made by Mr. PoE; 
or, why an Ouz/e may not be as proper as a Weeſel : But I am 
afraid his Reaſoning, that it has been printed by Miſtake 4 Weeſel, 
becauſe a Weeſel is not black, --- will not be altogether ſo incon- 
teſtible; when we come to ſee that the Second Edition in Folio, 
and ſeveral other of the Copies have a various Reading, in which 

there is not the leaſt Intimation of Blackneſs. There, you read 

it, 


Haml. Merhinks, it is like a Weeſel. 
Polon. Ir is BACK'D lite a Weeſel. 


LXIX. Ibid. 


Haml. Then will I come to my Mother by and by ; they fool me ta the © 


top of my bent. I will come by and by. Leave me, friends. 
I will ay fo. By and by is eaſily faid. 


We have already, in the Courſe of theſe Remarks, convers'd 
with a Place or two, which have given Reaſon to preſume, that, if 
corrected at all, they could be corrected only by the Servants at the 
Preſs. Here again is a Paſſage ſo confuſed, and fo indiſcriminately 
printed, that it furniſhes a ſtrong Suſpicion of never having been 
reviſed by the Editor. Could fo nice a Judge as Mr. PoE paſs 
over {uch abſurd Stuff as is jumbled here together, and not ob- 
ſerve a Fault that is ſo plain and palpable? Correct it with all 
the Editions that J have ever ſeen, except the Quarto's of 1637, 
and 1703. in which the Text is likewiſe ſhuffled and faulty; 


„ Ham. 


The Examination and Correction 


Haml. Then will I come to my Mother by and H. . . They fool me tg 
the Top of my Bent. I will come by and by. 


Polon. Twill ſay fo. Exit Polon. 


Haml. By and by is eaſe ſaid. Leave me, Friends. 
Exeunt Roſen. and Guilden. 


LXX. Ibid. Page 417. 


Omifion | 1 will {peak daggers to ber, but uſe none 
A My Tongue and foul in this be hypocrites ! 
SHLD 4 J 


The Editor mike have taken Notice that a Couplet follows here, 
in ſeveral of the printed Copies, which he miſtruſted not to be 
SHAKESPEARE's, I will not warrant the Lines to be his, but 
they are obſolete enough in the Phraſe to be ſo; neither are 


they ſo bad, as to be poſitively diſputed, He has many Coup- 
lets Fall as bald and poor in the Diction; ard Theſe have an 


Authority as old as the ſecond Folio Edition, and have found 
a place in moſt of the more modern Copies too, The Verles 


are theſe, 


T will ſpeak ev to her, but »ſe 'none 
My Tongue and Soul in This be eee f 

How in my Words ſoever She be f ſheat, 

To give them Seals never my Soul conſent. Exit. 
9 5 + put to Confuſion, roughly treated. 


LXXI. Ad 3. Scene 9. Page 417. 


Falſe Priv- @ I hike bin mot, mor flands it fafe with us 
ping T0 let his Madneſs rage. 
Reſtore, with. all the Editions. 
To let his Madneſs range 


Exit. 


ILXXII 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


LXXII. Ibid. 


Moſt holy and religious fear it is, 

To keep thoſe many bodies ſafe, that live 

And feed upon your majeſty. 
The laſt Line here is lame, and ſhorter by a Foot than it ſhould 
be, without any Neceſſity. The ſecond Folio Edition is like- 
wiſe faulty, for there the laſt Line but One is defective, and 
the Verſes are plac'd thus, 


To keep thoſe many Bodies ſafe, 
| That hive and feed upon your Majeſty. 


A different Diſpoſition of the Verſes, and of ſo long a Date, 
gives a Proof of a Fault, and a fort of Inlet to the Cure. 
The Quarto Edition of 1637, is the only One that I have 
obſerv'd, which makes the Verſes compleat ; and adds a fine 
and forcible Emphaſis to the Sentence, by the Repetition of one 

Word; a Figure (as I have before obſerv'd in the Remark, NP. 
XI.) very familiar with SHAXESPEARE. Reſtore them thus: 


Meſt baly and religious Fear it is, 
To keep theſe many, many, Bodies /afe, 
That live and feed upon your Majeſty. 


LXXIII. Ibid. Page 418, 


Oh my offence is raub, it faellt to bean, 
It hath the primal eldeſt curſe upon it, 
L ] 4 Brother's marther. Pray, I cannot, &. 


Here again the laſt Verſe halts in the Meaſure, and, if I don't 
miſtake, the Senſe is a little lame too. Was a Brother's Murther 
the eldeſt Curſe ? Surely, it was rather the Crime, that was the 
Cauſe of this cldeft Curſes We have no Afliſtance, however, 

| | 8 either 


100 The Examination and Correclion 
either ro the Senſe or Numbers, from any of the Copies. All 
the Editions concur in the Deficiency of a Foot; but if we can 
both cure the Meaſure, and help the Meaning, without a Diſ- 
grace or Prejudice to the Author, I think, the Authority of the 
printed Copies is not ſufficient to forbid a Conjecture. Perhaps, 


the Poet wrote; 


It has the primal eldeſt Curſe upowt, 
THAT OF 2 Brother's Murther. Pray, I cannot, &c. 


LXXIV. Ae 3. Scene 10. Page 420. 


Emendon. U, ſivord, and know thou a more horrid TIME; 
When he is drunk, aſleep, or in his Rage, &c. 


This, as I take it, is a ſophiſticated Reading, eſpouſed by Mr. 
Po PE from the more modern Editions. The ſecond Folio Edi- 
tion and the Quarto of 1637, both read; 


Up, Sword; and know Thou a more horrid HENT; 


The Editor has taken Notice, at the Bottom of his Page, of this 
Word, as a various Reading; but, as I humbly preſume, without 
gueſſing at the Reaſon of it. Tis true, there is no ſuch Sub- 
{tantive, I believe, as Hent; and yet the true Word of the Poet, 
I am fatisfied, lies hid under it, by a flight literal Corruption. 
Reſtore it thereforem 


Op, Sword, and know Thou a wore horrid BENT; 
i. e. Drift, Scope, Inclination, Purpoſe, &c. and there is ſcarce any 
Word more frequent than This with our Poet, where he has 
Occaſion to expreſs himſelf in thoſe Senſes. 
(1.) Moc Apo ABOUT NoTHING. pag. 510. 


They have the Truth of This from Hero, they ſeem to pity 
the Lady: it ſeems, her Aſfections have the full BENT. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


(2.) WinTER's TAE E. pag. 359. 


To your own BEN T S diſpoſe you ; yon. be found, 
Be you beneath the Shy. 
(3.) FuzTiuUs CESAR, pag. 243. 


——— Leave me to work ; | 
For I can give his Humour the true BENT: 
And 1 will bring him to the Capitol. 


(4.) TROILUS and CRESSID 4, pag. 28. 


1 bring a Trumpet to awake his Ear, 
To ſet his Senſe on that attentive BENT, 
And then to ſpeak. | 


(5) CYMBELINE. pag. 123. 


-=-==-- But not a Courtier, 
(Altho' they wear their Faces to the BENT 
Of the King's Looks ) but hath a Heart that it not 
Glad at the Thing they ſcoul at. 


(6.) Roxzo and Ju TT Er, pag. 274. | 
If that thy BEN T of Love be honograble, 
Thy Purpoſe, Marriage; 

(J.) So twice before in HA * Z ET; as, pag. 320; 

--- - - - - But we Both obey, 

And here give up ourſebves in the full BEN T. 
To lay our Service freely at your Feet. 

(8.) And again, pag. 416. 


They fool me to the Top of my BENT: Til 
N Im 


101 


102 The Examination and Correction 

I am ſurpriz d the Editor could remember this Word from 
None of theſe Inſtances, and a Number more that lie interſpers'd 
in our Poet; eſpecially as it is a Word of his own too in his Pre- 
face to the Edition, pag. 4. He hits upon that particular Point, on 
which the BENT of each Argument turns, or the Force of each 
Motive depends. I did not think, when I began this Work, to 
collate the more recent Folio Editions, eſpecially the fourth, pub- 
liſh'd in 168 5, for I had it not then by Me; but upon throw- 
ing my Eye over it lately, I find it is there printed, as I have 
here corrected it — 4 more horrid BEN T. I thought my 
ſelf obliged to make this Confeſſion, that I might not be accus'd 
of Plagiariſm, for an Emendation which I had made, before ever 
I ſaw a ſingle Page of That Book. "IAG 5 


LXXV. Ibid. Page 421. 


Various Queen. Have you forgot me? 
WE Lo No, by the Rood, mot ſo, 


Tou are the Queen, your busband*s brother*s wife, 4 | 
AND (would it were nat ſo) y0u are my mother. 


If I underſtand at all what Hamlet ſhould be preſum'd to ſay 
here, I think, the Editor has adopted a Reading directly op- 
polite to the Sentiment the Poet would expreſs. Surely, Ham- 
let does not ſo much wiſh that the Queen was not his Mother, 
as that She was not his Uncle's Wife. He loves and honours her 
as his Mother; and therefore, out of thoſe s, Wiſhes She 
had not that Diſgrace upon her Character, of having married 
his Uncle, whom he knew to be his Father's Murtherer. The 
Paſſage, certainly, ought to be diſtinguiſhed as the ſecond Folio 
Edition, and ſeveral other of the better Copies, lead the way. 


FER OY 


Queen. Have you forgat me? 
Haml. - - - - - - No, by the Rood, not ſo; | 45 
Tou are the Queen, your Husband's Brother's Wife, 


BUT. *would you were ut fa? <» = Tov are my Mother. =” 
3 


3 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


LXXVI. Ibid. Page 422. 


Ha] have you ches? 
Tou cannot call it love; for at your age, 
The hey-day of the blood is tame, it's humble, 
And waits upon the judgment; and what judgment 
Would ſtep from this to this? [ 

] what devil ut 
That thus hath cozew'd you at hoodman blind? 


There is an Addition, in ſeveral of the Copies, which, tho 
it has not the Sanction of any older Edition, that I know of, 
than the Quarto of 1637. yet has ſo much of the Style, Dic- 
tion, and Caſt of Thought peculiar to our Poet, that, I think, 
we may warrant it to be his, and not an Interpolation of the 
players without that Authority. Perhaps, it was not written 
when he firſt finiſh'd the Play; or it was left out in the ſhort- 
ning the Play for the Repreſentation, and ſo loſt its Place in the 
firſt Editions, which were printed from the Players Copies. 
The Verſes are theſe; 


—— — Ha ! have you Eyes ? 

You cannot call it Love; for at your Age 

The Hey-day of the Blood is tame, it's humble, 

And waits upon the Judgment; and what Judgment 
Would flep from This + -- to This --- ? Senſe fure you have, 
Elſe could you not have Motion; but That Senſe 

Is apoplex*d: for Madneſs would not err; 

Nor Senſe to Ecſtaſie was ne'er fo thrall'd, 
But it reſerv'd ſome Quantity of Choice 

To ferve in ſuch a Difference. hat Devil wart, &c. 


The fame Book exhibits ani fmall Addition, which is ſo 
much inferior to the former, chat I dare not fo boldly vouch 
for it's being genuine. 


- „„ 


103 


Omiſſion 
ſupply'd, 


104 The Examination and Correction 


— What Devil vast, | 
That thus hath cozen'd you at hoodman blind? 
Eyes without Feeling, Feeling without Sight, 
Ears without Hands or Eyes, Smelling fans all, 
Or but a ſickly Part of one true Senſe, 

Could not ſo mope. 


LXXVII. Ibid. Page 423. 


Rood "mb — —— Nay, but to live 
erplained. In the rank ſweat of an INCEST UOUS bed, 
£77 Stew'd in corruption, honying and making love 
Over the naſty ſty: | 


Here again, as I conceive, we have a ſophiſticated Reading pal- 
med upon us, probably, from the Players firſt, who did not 
und the Poet's Epither, and therefore conſcientiouſly ſub- 
ſtituted a new one. If we go back, however, to the ſecond 
folio Edition (which is one of thoſe collated by the Editor) we 
have there a various Reading, of which he is not pleaſed to take 
the leaſt Notice, tho', as I verily believe, it reſtores us the Poet's 
own Word. | 


— Nay, but to lroe 

In the rank Sweat of an ENSEAMED Bed, 

Stew'd in Corruption, honying and making Love 

Over the naſty Sty. 
i. e. groſs, fulſome, ſwiniſh Bed. For, not to dwell too long up- 
on an #nſavoury Image, the Sweat of any other Bed of Pleaſure will 
be as rank as that of an inceſtuous Bed. But beſides, when we 
come to the Etymology, and abſirafted Meaning of enſeam'd, we 
ſhall have a Conſonancy in the Metaphors, and a Reaſon for the 
Poet's calling the Bed a naſty Sy. In ſhort, the Gloſſaries tell 


us, 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


us, that Seam f is properly the Fat, or Greaſe, of a Hog : And 
tho I do not remember the compound Ad jective from it uſed in 
any other Place of the Poet than this before us; yet he has elſe- 
where employ'd the Subſtantive ; and making Ulyſſes ſpeak con- 
temptuouſly of Achilles, who had ſequeſter'd himſelf from the 
Grecian Captains and the War, he compares him tacitly to a 
Hog in his Sty, feeding on his own Pride, and Self- ſufficiency. 


TROILUS and CRESSIDA pag. 49. 


=== === -=--- Shall the proud Lord, 

That baſts his Arrogance with his own Sz am, 
And never ſuffers Matters of the World 

Enter his Thoughts, ſave ſuch as do revolve 
And ruminate himſelf, Shall He be worſbipp'd 
Of That we hold an Idol more than Him ? 


That were i enlard his Pride, already fat, Ge. 
LXXVIII. Ibid. Page 426. 


No, in deſpigbt of ſenſe and ſterecy, » Falſe Point« 


Unpeg the backet on the houſe's top, - hy 


Let thebirds fly, and like the famous ape L] 
To try concluſions [ ; ] in the basket creep, 
And break your own neck down. - - - - - 


The Ape crept into the Basket, to try Concluſions ; that 
is the Meaning of the Poet : But by the Semicolon, wrong-placed, 
the Senſe is interrupted, and rhe Subſtantive divided from 
its Verb. It ought to be pointed, as ſome of the Editions 
rightly have it; ̃ | 

Q --- and 


— 


Seam is derived from a Contraction of Sebum, or Sevum, among the Latins ; which Words 
{SIDORE brings à Sue, _ Suebum, vel Suevum; quia Animal hoc pingue. So Arvina is a 
Kam Far, from the old (i if mo 


ord Arvix (i. e. Aries) « Ram. Vid. VOSS log. Latinum. 


The Examination and Correfion 


— —ä——— — 2 * the famous Ape, 
To try Concluſiont, in the Basket creep, 
nd break your own Neck dum. 


I have at laſt, I think, got thro' all the Errors of this long Act, 
ſave a light one, in which SHAXE8PEARE is no ways concern'd, 
committed by Mr. PoE, in a Note of his own, upon the laſt 
Speech of it. The ten following Verſes, ſays he, are added out of 
the old Edition. It muſt for the future be printed, The Nine 
following Verſes, &c. for no more than that Number are reſtor- 
ed either from the old Edition, or thoſe modern ones which have 
inſerted them. eg | 


LXXIX. Act 4. Scene 1. Page 428. 
| We would wt underfland what was moſt, 1 
But like the owner of a foul diſeaſe, 


To keep it from droulging, LETS it feed 
Eos on the pith of ile. 


The Syntax of this Paſſage is evidently bad, for WE is the No- 
minati ve to both Verbs, and therefore both muſt be Plural. 
Three of my Impreſſions, vic. the Quartos of 163 7, and 1703, 
and that by Mr. Hughs, have it as it ought to be. 


We would not underſtand whit was moſt fit s 
But like the Owner of a foul Diſeaſe, 


1 To keep it from divulging, LET it feed 
Don en the Pith of Life, + 7 


LXXX. 


F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 
LXXX. Ibid. Page 429. 


Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wiſeſt Friends, 
And let them know both what we mean to do, 
And what's untimely done : T 
'] O come away, © 


My foulis fil of diſtord and difmey 


The Quarto Edition of 1637 has an Addition in this Place, 
which has beenadmitted into moſt of the modern Editions; tho' 
it has not the Authority of any earlier Date in Print, as I know 
of, than that Quarto; and yet ſeems to bear the very Stamp of 
SHAKESPEARE upon it. The Coin, indeed, has been clipt from 
our firſt receiving it; but it is not ſo diminiſhed; but that, with 
a ſmall Aſſiſtance, we may hope to make it you current. The 
| Reading, as it has hitherto come to us, is thus 
Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wiſeft Friends, 
Ard let them know both what we mean to do, 
And What's untimely done. Fr 
Whoſe Whiſper o'er the World's Diameter, 
As level as the Cannon to his Blagk, 
Tranſports his poyſon'd Shot, may miſs our Name, 
And hit the woundleſs Air: O, came Hl; | 
My Soul is full of Diſtord and Din 


"Tis plain here the Senſe is defective, as well as the Verſe imper- 
fect, which introduces it: and from the Additional Lines be- 
ginning with the Relative WHOSE, without any ing No- 
minative of which it is govern'd, it is as plain the latter 
Part of the foregoing Hemiſtich fell out in the printing, or was 
ſo blind in the Copy as not to be gueſs d at, and therefore neceſ- 

4arily came to be omitted. I wonder, Mr. HuGrs, who in- 
ſerted this Paſſage in his Impreſſion, and could not but ſee that 
5 Q 2 | ſomething 


turally reſto- 
red. 


108 


The Examination and Orrection 


ſomething was wanting, did not at the ſame time endeavour 
to ſupply it. We have not, indeed, ſo much as the Footſteps, 
or Traces, of a corrupted Reading here to lead us to an Emen- 


dation; nor any Means left of reſtoring what is loſt but Con- 


jecture. I ſhall therefore offer only what the Senſe of the Con- 
text naturally ſeems to require. I am far from affirming that 
I ſhall give the Poet's very Words, but tis probable that they 
were, at leaſt, very near what follows in Subſtance. | 


Come, Gertrude, welt call up our wiſeſt Friends, 
And let them know both what we mean to do, 
And what's untimely done. Happily, * Slander, 
Whoſe Whiſper &er the World"s Diameter, 
As level as the Cannon to his Blat, 
Tranſports his poyſow'd Shot, may miſe our Name, 
Ana bit the woundleſs Air. O, come away;.. 
Mx Soul is full of Diſtord and Diſmay. 


* Or Rumour.. 


"Tis evident, This reſtores us the Sentiment ſeemingly requiſite, . 
and there is the more Room to ſuppoſe it the very Sentiment 
of our SHAXESPEARE. The Poet, I remember, has the ſame 
Thought about the diffuſive Powers of Slander in another of his 
Plays; tho he has expreſs d it with ſome Difference, as well as 
with greater Diverſity of Metaphor and Alluſſon. 


CYMBELINE, Pag. 176. ain 


— — 5 — -o, "tes SLANDER), a 
Whoſe Edge is ſbarper than the Sword, whoſe Tongue 


Oat-venoms all the Worms of Nile, whoſe Breath _ 
Rides on the poſting Winds, and doth belye 
All Corners of the World. An 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


LXXXI. AR 4. Scene. 3. Hogs 435 | 


- = == »-= =. Tho: may not coldly ſet * 

Our ſovereign Proceſs, which imports at full LJ 
By letters CONGRUING to that effect, 
The Poſes! 1 death of Hamlet. | 


Methioks there is an e — in this Term con- 
gruing, which is avoided by the Various Reading that poſſeſſes 
many of the Editions, | and is taken Notice of by the Editor 
at the Bottom of his Page. If the Letters, importing the 
Tenour of the Proceſs,” were to that Effect, they were certain- 
ly congruing ; but of no great Uſe, when the ſovereign Pro- 
ceſs imported the ſame Thing. Now a Proceſs might import a 
Command, and Letters conjuring a Compliance with it be ſent, 
and be of great where the Execution of the Com- 
mand was to be doubted of, or might admit of a Demur. I 
cannot therefore but think che other Reading the z and 
the 3 r to be pointed thus; 


— — 1 —— 

. Our Sovereign Proceſs, which imports at full, 
By Letters CONJURING Wan gf 
The preſent Death of Hamlet | 


Hamlet, who put a Change ge upon bis Uncle's Commiſſion, and 


reverſed. the Subſtance of it, 


199 


Falſe Point- 
ing; andV/a- 
rious Read- 
ing reſtored-. 


tis likely, kept to the Model of 


it in That which He drew up : And, where he recounts the 


Contents of it to Horatio, we find him beginning his Com- 
mand by forcible Conjurations plying the Necelkey of it. 
See pag. 450- 


HFaml- 


110 


80 i in Lo 20 and Forte, pag. 288. 


The Examination and Correction 


2 Efect of What I wrote? 
Hor. Ay, my good Lord. 
Haml. An earneſt ConjuxaTION from the King, 
As England was his faithful Tributary, © 
As Peace ROOT FOR I" | 


Perhaps, the Editor might diſlike the word conjuring here, be- 
cauſe the Cadence of the Verſe requires that the Accent ſhould 
lie upon the Antepenultima; and the Senſe, that it ſhould lic 

the-Renuktima, To explain this Difference; when we in- 
tend by towjwre, to ſignify a ſolemn Adjuration only, we lay the 
Abet upon the 4% Syllable; where we mean by, it a magical 
Invocation or Effeft, the Accent n the * But our 
poet uſes the Word in both theſe — with- 
out regard to — — OIDY and, I be- 
y, if not always, will be found 20 lay the Seeks 


heve, generull 
upon cke 56 Syllable. 8 


HANL. pag. 457. 


SES >. What'is He, whoſe Grieß 5 

Bear ;fuch an Emphaſis ? whoſe Phraſe of Sorrow 

Conjures #he wand" ring Stars, and makes thew ſtand 
Lite wonder-wounded Haunru pn | 


60 dae e. 568. 


'7 conjure b by That which you profeſs, 
Ane er ou come ro know ir, anſiver Me. 


Js 


I conjure Thee by Roſaline's bright Eyes, 
By her high Forehead, &c. 


ef the Tragedy my HAMLET. all 


And, again, in the 1 next Page ; * 


| eee my In vocation is © 
Honeſt and fair, and in his Miſtreſs* Name 
J conjure . but ro raiſe up Him. 


Indeed, bub three Lines before the laſt WERE = 9, he 
ſeems to lay the Accent upon the laſt Sy Fable of this Word 
by the RW ty of the N Rs tho = Senſe and Accepta- 
tion, which it carries, ee it to be e * the 
Accent on the fir. | 


<= egcins letting it there fand, 
Tull She bad laid it, and conjur'd it down. 


But, perhaps, either the Copyiſts,' or the Preſs, by Miſtake, mide Occafonal 
a ſmall Variation from the Author here; and this wrong Ca- nbeckure 
dence is eaſily curd by only taking out the firft it, which is of 
no Uſe there; and extending the Second Verb to three Sylla- 
bles, by pronouncing it, without the Apoſtrophe, at length; than 

which Nothing is more frequent throughout our Author's 
Works: As, 


Tl She had laid, e # down. 
IXXXIL Ad 4- Scene 7. Page 449. 
| Tt ball as level 10 your judgment pierce, | Falſe Point- 
A day does to your eye. _ | LA Noiſe within.” Gnesen 
Enter Ophelia fantaſtically dreſt, &c. His eee 


Laert . Let her come in. How now 2 what noiſe is that? 


O heat [ } dry up my breins C, ;] tears { ] ſeven timer ſalt L 
Burn ON the ſenſe and uertue of mine eye. | 


Had I never ſeen any other Edition of SHAKESPEARE than 
Mr. Po >» Es, I could not but have ſuſpected Something wrong 
here, tho I ſhould W have known „ how 


112 The Examination and Correction 

do kectify it. Juſt before the Entrance of Ophelia, a (Noiſe: is 
DIR heard behind the Scenes, viz, of Some, that would have ye 

— Voung Lady admitted; and of Others, that would keep 
Gut. TLarrtess Friends, as we may obſervs at the — Agr? 
"rhe preceding Scene, where he ruſhes in by forte upon jan 
King, are ſet to guard the Door; and they might 
10 us that Laertes ſhould fee his Siſter in her Madneſs, 4 
Atefi his Reſehtments for the Death of his Father, But it 
+ certainly very abſurd that Laertes ſhould know who, it 
"8 —.— de Noiſe made; that Ophelia ſnould come in; 
And they t he ſhould deſire, that She may come in; 
and then after all, that he ſhould: enquire into the Mean- 
ing of the Noiſe. I think, the ſomnd: Folio Edition, ſets the 
pole Paſſage right; and it ſeems to Me that it ought. to be 
ic als.” corrected as that Copy, and ſeveral ER, Km: come after, 


ee Exhibitit with more eee unde . r 
2 loads. Qi fl D's onen nan 
1: ball « as *. — dene, 129 
As _ does 3 Bre. WN | 3453 | 
As f Le mad withins Lot ber come * 
4565 et, Huy new? What Malt f rf 3 


Eater Ophelia fantaſtically dreſt, Sc. br 1 ¹ 
O Heat, dry up my Brains ; Tears, u Aly e 
Burn . the ne 6 


An var & Wy 2 


ITis natural for pg PTY was in a "cheats Proceedin 
againſt the King, to be alarm d at the Tumult "without, | 
12 Party bx, maintain the Door : "And as ſoon as he 
- ſees: —— Occaſion of the Noile, ' in the Admiſſion of his diſ- 
traded Siſter, his deep Concern makes Bim wilh at once that 
he were depriv'd both. of Senſe and. Sight. But why, burn 
ON the Senſe? This Reading, in Mr. Fo > Z's Impre on, is, 
28. 1 apprehend, a literal Miſtake of the Preſs inſtead of burn 
OUT; and it is a Miſtake fo eaſy to happen, rhat 1 think in 
another Place the ſame Error has paſſed thro! all the Editions 
ef e and, as I ſuppoſe, was not ſo much as 


ſuſpected 


„„ e F< 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


ſuſpefed by our Editor, becauſe he has given us the Paſſage as 
he found it. 


In the WinTE#xR's Ti L E, Florizel, Prince of Bohemia, in Occaſoral 


a-paſtoral Habit, . addreſſes Perdita, an Outcaſt Princeſs of Sicily, © 
but ſuppoſed of mean Extraction; who was taken up an 
Infant, in a Defart of Bohemia, by a Shepherd, and educated 
as his Daughter. As the Prince is courting, careſſing, and 
whiſpering her at a Sheep-fheering Feaft, Polixenes his Father, 
and an old Courtier attending him, come to the rural En- 
tertainment. They fix their Eyes on the young amorous Cou- 
ple, and obſerving Something in the Virgin above her out- 
ward Seeming — Rank, fal to making theſe Obfervations 


on them. 
Polix. This 5s the pettieſt low-born Laſs that ever 
Ran on the Green-ſord ; Nothing She does, or ſeems, 
But ſmacks of Something greater * ber ſelf, 
Too noble for this Place. 
Camil. --- --- He tells her Something, 
That makes her Blood look ON T. 


In the firſt Verſe a literal Error is committed at Preſs, for the 
other Editions all read, as it ought to be; 


This i is the prettieſt lo- rn Laſs - - - - - - 


But what Senſe is there in Camillo's Speech, his the Prince tells 
her Something which makes her Blood look on't? This to me ſeems 
obſcure even to the Degree of being unintelligible. The S>zc- 
TATOR, if I remember right, tells us ſomewhere. a Story of a 
Climate ſo cold at one Seaſon, that it congealed Words even 
in the Pronunciation; and ſo ſoon as a Thaw came, they were 
diſtin My repeated and heard: But, I muſt own, I never heard 
of any Words ſo condens'd as to be viſble to the Eye, much leſs 
to the Blood. If I underſtand any thing of the Poet's Mean- 
ing here, he certainly wrote; 


R —_— 


bag \ 


The Examination and Correflion 
. T4 2440. . b hen ret oy | il 2011 a 10] 
er makes ber BR dotlh OP 7 5H 1 oh bas 0075 


A SULNSIE m . "ay 
i. e. that calls the Blood up into ber Cheeks, and males 2 buſh. 
PER DIT A, but a little before, in the ſelf·ſame Pa ule, a 
like Expreſſion to deſcribe the Prince's Sincerity, which topo? d 
in the honeſt Blood riſing on bis Face: I 


Wich Lathes oH with 


Tour Praiſes are too riley ; but that your 7 puth | 
Aud the true Blood, which peeps forth fairly through it, 
Do plainly give Jon out an un aid mo at bo 


ILXXXIII. Act 4. Scene 9. Page 444 


© Various Rea- 1 loud your father, and we lobe YOUR if s 
w_ _ And that I hope will teach you 60 imagine, 4 


My Quarto Editions of 16 37 and 1703, Have a different Read- 
ing * this Paſſage, which is eſpouſed too by Mr. Hu xs, 


and which I take to comprehend the genuine Meaning of our 


1 awd your Father, and We love OUR Sf. Te Nam 
And That, I hope, will &c. 7 


| S&H wh Zuni 

TI now. give the Reaſons for my being on this Side of the 
u. Laerres is complaining, that (becauſe the King durſt 

not, purſue Hamlet to Death for killing Folonius, but had only 

ant him out of the way 3) he 2 loſt a Father, 32 — ch Op- 

partunity of being reveng d on his Murtherer. 

Larrtes not break his Sleep about th Want of his OL 

ſays He, I io your Ember, 70 fe 409957 L ah h dd 

ny Mativues to, That Eng. But ho e King's 


contribute to his: Defre.of Rev Reve 
ls Streſs of,.the. Alteration. e tet ie 000 gpeeches 


Y of the King in thic very dens, that perſwade . 
this 


Poet. 


+ of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 15 
o* 211 
this Reading, and believe it preferable to That of the Editor: 
For the King ſays expreſaly, that Hamlet had ſought his Life 


too; _ that He was not ſo unapprehenſive of Danger, as to 
he n egli gent in defending himſelf from | it, 


ASK ap 8 4a eri iy) 4% 3\tsx . : 
'T 8? 3 1 18 "LS «7 * 


Page '4 457, EA omet-tizt ag rr 101d 5107 d „IIa AA 
0 X ” + 1 1 6 Ss 

D | 994 . ok 74 « 1179! Yak a 1 al oor IX. Mt! 
4 1 14 


Sith you have Beard, and wit, F. FRO. 
110 0. 5115 11 
That He, which aus Aer noble F. auler 1 X 


Purſued my Life. . 9 gt , Nb SITY * 
gun Gun Hr 1 2097 Mw . | 4. 
1 * Wi 39% buys 
And page 444. ve. 23k Wade a 
Cocos on * not think 


þ + Tha We are made v of, Staff ſo fot and H NN ED, 
That We can let our Beard be ſhook with Danger, | 


And think it Paſtime. | A 


oF ven LKx NIV Ibid. page 444. 1 
D. 4d EY = {4 
And that I hope wall teach you to imagine NJ 10 Ft Oka 


Eater Meſſenger. chick ns 4 
— » 


3 
Meſſ. Theſe to\ybur Majeſty,; this to the Queen... 1 | 
King. From Hamlet? who browght themes? N 


1 4 | 
[The King. as the Text here ſtands, had no other way of Know- th 
that his Letter was froth Hamlet, than by Rhowing lO. 


— 5 upon the Superſeription. And he had very Httle Reafon 
to credit the Similitude of the Hand, or to etpect a Safutution 
from Hamier; whom, he knew well, he had difpateh'd away 
for ee ay an abſolute Order for his Execution us ſoon 
as ever t pag there. The ſecond Folio Editio, 

Pal age. by 4 {ma U. Addition, which, tho 


1 e 

it ſhould. hare no. e i Auch rk es Bo _- an Blade 50 
Al c e fr tt e 0 Hard- 9113 

no. Re bu tot ink MP. rom FT 27 rt 9012 304 Hud 


21115 


irs Dye Examination and Correftion 


Aud That, J hope, will teach you to imagine 
60k Enter Meſſenger. 
habe How now? what News?: 
Meſ. Letters, my Lord, from Hamlet. 
Theſe to your Majeſty: This to the Juce. 
King. From Hamlet? W ho nr ee u Woe d * 
Tok 39 46 val 
Now here the Ling asks the elle. as. he, naturally might, 
with a Surprize, and a reaſonable Diſtruſt, Circumſtances con- 
ſidered, that he could have any Letter from Hamlet: And, per- 
haps, the Pointing would be juſter, if the firſt en Was 
turn d into a Note of Admiration. aq 
King. From Hamlet: ---- . ho N them? 
a | An # is TJ & 2 ADE "xt WY 
Falſe Prius „ö; I will wort bis 
3 0 an Exploit now ripe in my deviſe, ON 
| "Onder the which he Jae not . _ fall: 
It mult be W N as s all the Editions 3 it; 
TISTE DS. nom arc af 
% hana” © T will work him Wy Ae” 
| y dw To an Exphit nre Te Ron Fries, 3 8 
"Mi Daaden Won *, 220 g N 
244 113 


1 


from it always with a 4 c. 


K the Verl, n aue, ur th flantive 


fy BY 72 : 4 
$f 4 % F vs 1174 1 
- &õ *f % 


of \the. Tragedy HAMLET. 


== =====-==-- - Fe made Confeſſion of Tou, * V-rious 
And gave you ſuch a maſterly repent AP 
For art and:exetciſe.inyour defence 5 
And for your rapier, moſt eſpecial, , world niz 
That he cry d out "twould ” a FIGHT l 

gz _ If tis ould march your. | REM AI. 4 513 5190. 20 

NOD Ss Hm In 1 8 8 1410 184 6115 


All ths Editions, that 1 . bee e 
liſhed dy Mr. Tonſon in 1714, with a imall aan the 
Ning, read this Paſſage tu 07, Oi bows 


Na 4 ae He made Confeſſion of bun ·˙ nn 
And gave Tou ſuch a maſterly Report 

For Art and Exerciſt in your Defence, 

And for your Rapier moſt eſpecially, 

That he cryd out, *T would be aSIGHT indeed, 

F One could match Jou. 


ILXXXVI. bid. 


The Quarto Edition of 1 5372 has an Addition . — Cn 
following the laſt quoted ge, which has been inſerted in 
the Quarto of 1730, and Mr. Fochs's Impreſſion ; and which, 

if an Ech by the Players, has ſuch a Reſemblance of 
SHAKESPEARE, and exaggerates the Deſcription of Laertess 
Excellence at the Sword ſo aptly, that I think 1 it =T be given 


W186 18 (NOT; 


& + Tos; p 
: 
4 14 


to our Author without any Injury. 


That 


— 


The Examination aul Correfion 


That he cryd out, ''Twould be b Sight/indeed, 
| F One could match Tou. The * SCRIMERS of their Nation, 
* * | He fwore, had neither Motion, „Guard, nor —_-- 

If You oppos d them. J, his Repiyr Y Bir; N 


Ne 0% een i ads AnT3J zan WON 


The two latter Editions, which, as Laid, have en Addi- 
tion, inſtead of Serimers ſubſtitute. | Fencers, Perhaps, they might 
underſtand the firſt Term, (but thought it too obſolete to be 
retained;) for the Alteration is juſt and pertinent tò the Senſe. 

" SHAKESPE I am well ſatis knew the Propriety of the 
old Word, and its Derivation. I think, his Acquaintance with 
the Italian Tongue neither has been, nor can be, : diſputed ; as 
he has founded ſo many of his Plots-on Italian Novels, and ſo 
often ;{ ſcatters Remnants of that Ton gue thro! his oO. 


i; I 1ilg3arm 


108 a Y 1 ' 
Ino v3 ii II. bid. Tage 447. a 
50 
Falſe P- "Ard then this ſhould eee 155 18 5 


98 nile Ie burts h d, rde | 


T'took upon this. to be 4 ſlight Error of che Proſe and Renifal 
For how does a Spendzbrift's Sigh hurt more than any orber 8b 
Alt. the Editions that I have ſeen, which inſert this 
2 in reading 1 it, as undoubtedly rt bought to be; aq 


5 0 +92 JON 280 I 10 4gontvintdO :1 
11 gu > Aud hes ths ſhould EL oak at Ig 7 
' That hurts by eaſing. IN 292867 % 116 25} INTL). 
4 —— 


* Secrimer 17 4 Gladiator, Feneer Nr. ow bis Guard. SXINNER's 
Etymolog. 2 ord, Okirmich; 52 ive. 17 4 w/w = ag V.. All cent 2. 
in the ſame Point. Among the reſt, 15 tells Us, that the Ars — or Science of D 


fence, was call d by the DUTCH, Dcherm ; the ITALgAxs, Scherma and Scrima ; aud 
F RENCH, Flame As the 8 Ola wfcd to call a — Swrdſman, un 


bre; which (the b being leſt ont, and a ſmall Metatheſis made in the — of the laſt Syllable ;) 
4: the very ord uſed ty our 4 ber. KQgYKKKIRY ky, 94 T [AMI 


wh words vd 3}: „Iq nit 10 1s v7 (Paro 21 3 


e . bw to sbowlvM 6 guad ow bas ü d * 
Hl i 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. . 


»»LANKIX: Ibid. oo 
Ang 1 b to EAYMIAD2?P * 2 L-..4N „ 4144 RQ J\ 
\ 

— — 92 He being r miſo, 7 92717 $21 I Ds 118 99 2 

Aan ee and Free. from, all contriving, * un 


Will not peruſe the foils , ſ0 that with __ 


— idly 92181 BHI ſoft pute hay elf i 2 19338] 0W3 aclT 
3dgim yo ieee ern penn Hol; 


0 4 — 134 
5tnse oft 


III 111121 WII 907 2 roeftrobnas 
vite hin wy} as £19114, offt 104 (;boanimmss 
Ve mer 231 10 W 1 in {nar 68. 1 | 
AAA 
2 Mert 0 Wo d a; c + in fer IE 5 hl f 
1 ** 4 1 2 g to 
s zl The tr gs is in thy bend, .T » nila oy 
"UNBATED:' and envenom d. o Oi. 


27814 ad ond: 5 2 Tow 
The Generality of che Editions conſent in bead ing, he 5 
ri vation of the Word ſeems to require, UNBAIT ED. But 
ſill, I muſt confeſs, I want to be taught how unbaited comes 
to fignity baited? An is a negative Particle (equivalent to the 


and of the Greeks; . which is prefixed to Thouſands of Engliſh .. .. 


Words, and mo 2 them of their native Senſe, making 
them ſignify contrary. And whenever i it is ſo pre- 
fixed, I — t —— an Inſtance either in our Poet, in SPENCER, 


» Con;eFZural 
Emendation. 


or in CMauc ER, that the compound Word ſignifies what the n- 


ple Word did before it was annex 
this Obſervation, or it has not its particular Exceptions" to 


which I am à Stranger, | perhaps, we may with a very ſlight 
Change let our two Fange right. * "ws not the Poet 


lata — 


A Sword IUBAITE Dr: ve > tone ne 
23G Q . 7 171 yes * * WAY $14 1 Om 72 1 
- 4 
14 Rk AS aA rs 1 
50 T5 2 rates, — f he, An tos "RUG ys? 


7 A*. 2 el 9 tv Inns. 36 4 1 bar | ER 24 4 þ 


F# 
n+ 


IMBAITED and SY Wen. 


T0 Hnbais, f is exactly what the L atines expreſs by their ineſcare, 
or eſcd illinere; and we have a Multitude of Words, in our own 
ws 


—— — 


I am not miſtaken in 


120 


Occaſional 
Conjecture. 


. 


g The Examination and Correfion 
Idiom, compounded in the ſelf ſame Manner; as, imbargo im- 
bark, imbaſe, imbattle, imbelliſh, imbexxle, imbibe, imbody, imboldey, 
imboſs, imbowel, imbroil, imbrue, imbue, imburſe, immerge, immit, 
immolate, immure, impact, impair, impale : Cum multis aliis, We. 

I can remember but a ſingle Paſſage, in all the Works of 
SHAKESPEARE, Where a Word, with the Particle un prefixed 
to it, ſhould ſeem to ſignify the fame Thing as the ſimple Word 


would do; and even there I violently ſuſpect the preſent Reading, 
It is in his King Fo , pag. 151. where Lady ConsT4xcz 


| adviſes the Dauphin of France not to ſacrifice his Oath and 


Fir 
Co ecture. 


Conſcience to the Temptations of à young fair Bride. Her 
Words are theſe; | ; 
Lewis, ſtand faſt ; the Devil tempts thee here 
I. Likeneſt of a new. UNTRIMM ED Brige. 


I cannot conceive what the Poet is ſuppoled to mean here by 
untrimm d, unleſs its oppolite, as I take it, in Senſe, trim; i. e. 
neat, ſpruce, fine. But I cannot admit it, without ſame Proof 
for Convidtion, to carry that Signification. Again, there is no 
Room ſurely to imagine that the Poet intends to compare the 


Lady BrAxcn, as unmarried, to à Veſſel wanting either the 


Proportion of her Ballaſt or Rigging, or not being compleat in her 
Trim, as the Sea-phraſe is; and therefore calls her untrimmed. 
This would be a remote Alluſſon with a Vengeance; and, eſpe- 
cially, when it is put in the Mouth of a Woman too. 

As I profeſs my ſelf to have ſuſpected the. Paſſage, ſo I en- 
deavour'd as far as an unſupported Conjecture, or two, would 
go, to reconcile it to an intelligible Meaning, I ſay, a Con- 
jecture or two, for which I have no Warrant or Aſſiſtance from 
the Copies 3 and therefore I ſhall urge them barely as ſuch, 
and leave them to be embraced, or renounced, at Pleaſure, If 
it did not depart too widely from the preſent Text, to make 
ſuch a Correction reaſonable, it is not impoſſible but the Poet 
might have wrote; 8 | 

E - the Devil tempts thee here 
In Likeneſs of a new UNTAMED Bride. 


1. 6. 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


I. e. a Virgin -· Bride; a Bride yet unbedded. I cannot, indeed, re- 
collect any Inſtance, in which the Poet has ever taken the Li- 
ber of uling this Epither in that metaphorical Senſe: But it is a 
„in which I am {ure he may be born out, and juſtified, by 
the Uſage of other Languages. * untamed Bride exactly a- 
mounts to what the Latines call'd Virgo indomita ; which I "= 


I2I 


lieve they borrow'd from the ag d 23:25. of the Greeks; that 
is, a Bride untaſted, unenjoy d. And it will be no new Doctrine, to 


ſay, that Temptation and Defire are generally heighten'd in 
Men by that Circumſtance. 
But I obſerve that trim is uſed as an Epithet by our Author, 


to lignify not only neat, ſpruce, &c. but ſubſtantively too, for 
a peculiar Quaintneſs and Elegance of Habit. 


So in the Firſt Part of Hever IV. pag. 200. 


When I was dry with Rage, and extred#$ Toil, 
Breathleſs and faint, leaning upon my Sword, | 
Came there a certain Lord, neat, 'T R IMLY dreſs'd; 


Freſh as a Bridegroom, &c. 


So in CYMBELINE. pag. 181. 
-- and forget | 
Wr Ae and dainty T RIMS, with which 
Tou made great Juno angry. 


And he employs it beſides to bent perſonal Beauty, and the 
Hue and Brightneſs of Colours. So in his Prem'of VEU 


and ADONIS, pag. 41. 


Tie Flow*rs are vees, their Colours freſb and TRI M, 
But ue fees Beauty 4d and dy 'd, in A 


It we * :n{probable therefore, that the Paſſage before 1 us able, 
to be reſtor d thus; 
Lewis, ſland faſts the Devil tempts thee here 


In Likeneſs of a now BETRIMMED Bride. 
8 a | 7. Os 


Second Cons 
jectute. 


122 


bird 
Conjecture. 


The Examination and Correfion 


i. e. adorn d, and dec d with Charms. It is familiar with our 
Poet to uſe the word betrim in theſe Senſes; and it is certain- 
ly of Saxon Derivation; among whom getrymmed ſignified neat, 


fine, finiſhed, &c. The Tranſmutation of g into was cuſto- 


mary in Words of Saxon Original; as gewarian, to beware; ge- 
e, to believe, &c. Of which Changes, thro' all the Letters 
of the Alphabet, SxzNNzR has diſcours d at large in his Prole- 
gomena Etymologica. ? | Wh 

But if betrimmed may ſeem to any to depart too far from 
the Traces of the Text, as it now ſtands, I'll propoſe another 
Correction, that requires but a very minute Change, and comes 
up to the Senſe of the former ; As, 


Lewis, /tand faſt ; the Devil tempts thee here 
In Likeneſs of a new AND TRIMMED Bride. 
* 
i. e. of a nem Bride, and one, as I ſaid before, dect d with all the 
Charms of perſonal Beauty. 

I have hinted above, that I remember'd but a ſingle Paſlage . 
in our Author, where a Word, with the Particle wn prefixed to 
it, ſhould ſeem to ſignify the ſame Thing as the fimple Word 


would do: But I find ſince, there are ſeme other Inſtances 


of this kind ; One, at leaſt, in which Shakeſpeare is countenanc'd 


by the Uſage of other Writers: Some, in which his preſent 
Reading is certainly to be diſputed, and therefore ought to be 
corrected. See King HENRT VIII. pag. 487. 5 


1 for where I'm robb'd and bound, 
' There muſt I be unloos'd, &c. | 


*Tis evident here, that unloos d ſignifies loos d; and ſo we find it 
uſed by other Writers. To go no further for Authorities than 
the Tranſlation of our New Teſtament, there is a Paſſage where, 
in three of the Evangeliſts, the Word unloos d is made to mean 
looſed; Mhoſe Shoe · latchet J am not worthy to unlooſe, Tc. This 
Term therefore, without any more ado, muſt be admitted 

| | N equivocal 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


equivocal in its Signification. But let us try our Author upon 
another doubtful Paſſage, and then I have done with this Re- 


mark, I obſerve he uſes the Term, to bonnet, in the Senſe. 


of -- to pull off the Cap to. 

CORIOLANUS, pag. 130. 
He hath deſerv/d worthily of bis Country ; and his Aſcent is not-by 
fſuch eaſy Degrees as Thoſe who have been ſupple and courteons 


to the People, bonnetted without any further Deed to heave 
them at all into their Eſtimation and Report. 


i, e. that have won the People's Hearts, only by Submiſſion, 
and pulling off the Hat to them. Now as bonnetted here ma- 
nifeſtly ſignifies pulling off the Hat; ſo, on the other hand, if 
you can believe our Author's Text, unbonnetted is in another 
place employ'd to mean having the Hat on. 


OTHELLO, pag. 482. 


wand eo anc 4 fetch Life and Being 

From Men of royal Siege ; and my Demerits 

May ſpeak, unbonnetted, to as proud a fortune, 
As This that I have reach d. 


Will any Body pretend that the Idiom of our Tongue can admit 
unbonnetted here to intend, with the Hat on, as the Senſe of the 
Place neceſlarily requires? I cannot help ſaying with Ho- 
RACE, | 


ee - = Credat Judæus apella, 


In ſhort, I dare affirm, the Preſs, or the Tranſcribers, have 
palm'd a Reading upon the Author contrary to his Intention. 
Jam of Opinion, that, to bonnet, is equivocal, and ſignifies, 
as the Context may require, either to pull off, or put on, the 
Hat; but that, to unbonnet, is always to pull it off. I mak 
no Scruple, therefore, but that the Author wrote thuʒʒ 
nds | S 2 — [ 


123 


Occaſional 
Emendatiqn. 


124 The Examination and Correclion 
32 I.fetch Life and Being 
From Men of royal Siege; and my Demerits 
May ſpeak, and bonnetted, 0 as proud a Fortune, 
As This that I have reach'd. 


Le may ſpeak with the Hat on, without ſhewing any Degrees 
of Deference, or Inequality to: Which ſmall Alteration reſtores 
us the plain Senſe of the Poet. 


XC. Act 5. Scene 1. Page 450. 


— — For here lies the pornt 5 if I drown my ſelf wittingly, it argues an 
YER arion 


Reading. act; and an act hath three branches. It is AN ACT TO DO. 
| and TO PERFORM, argal, Gc. of 


Very notably made out! If an Act has Three Branches, as the 
honeſt Clown here defines it to have, it would puzzle a good 
Arithmetician to find them out from this Reading. *Tis true, 
the Folio Editiogs exhibit ir thus; and ſo, indeed, does the Duode- 
cimo Edition publiſh'd by Mr. Tonſon in 1714. But, ſurely, to 
do, and to perform, can be but two Branches; and if we ad- 
mit This for the true Reading, then we ought to correct the 
Paſſage : - - - And an Act hath'Two Branches; it is an Act to do, and 
to perform. But the Quarto Edition of 1637, I believe, will 
inſtruct Us to read the Place exactly as the Poet intended it. 


For here lies the Point , if I drown my ſelf wittingly, it argues an 
Act,; and an Af hath three Branches; it is, --- o ACT, --- 
to DO. and to PERFORM, --- argal, &c. 


XCI. Act 5. Scene 2. Page 456. 


Falſe Pri. What is that they fellow, 
" And with ſuch maimed RIGHTS? 
The Church-Ceremonies, that are ordered either in Marriages or 


Funerals, are always written Rites, (from Ritus, in the Latine; ) 
and not Rights. Correct therefore, : 


hat 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 125 


72222 22 What is That they follow, 


And with ſuch maimed RITES? , 


The ſame literal Miſtake, I find, is made in the TE ES 7, 
page 5. = 
Tou doſt break her Virgin Knot, before Ct 

All ſanctimonious Ceremonies may Correction. 


With full and boly RIG HT be miniſter d, &c. 


Where, likewiſe it muſt be reſtor'd, RI TE. And ſo Mr. Pope 
at other times takes care to ſpell this Word; as thrice in this 
very Play of Hamlet. 


Page 442. 
No noble RIT E, nor formal Oſtentation, © 


And, Pag. 457» 
Zet here She is allowed her Virgin RITES; 


And again, pag. 471. : 
A for bis Paſſage, . 
The Soldier's Muſick, and the RITES of War, 


Speak loudly for bim 


And ſo in Ro EO and FUL I ET, pag. 274. 


If that thy Bent of Love be honourable, | 
Thy Purpoſe Marriage, ſend me Word to morrow, 
By One that Pl procure to come to Thee, 
Where, and what time, thou wilt perform the RITE. 


And in many other Places. 


XCIL 


126 


Pariout 


Laus, 


Omiſſion 
ſupply'd. 


The Examination and Correflion 


. 


XCII. Ac 5. Scene 3. Page 461. 


Horat How was this ſeaÞd? 
Haml. Why ev'n in that was Heaven ORDINATE. 


So the Folio Editions write this P with the Editor; and ſo 


I find, Mr. To vs 0 NS Duodecimo, ſo often mention d, likewiſe 
exhibits it. But why a Paſſive Participle here, when the Senſe, 
I think, plainly requires an Active? Ordinate, mult ſignify or- 
der d, directed, agreed to; not ordering, directing, concurring 
with, as the Poet's Meaning ſeems to demand. My Quarto 
Editions, which are follow'd by Mr. Hu Hs in his Impreſ- 
— read, as I verily believe the Paſlage ought to be re- 
ord. 5: | 


Horat. Deed 3 How was This ſeal d? 
Haml. Why ewn in That was Heaven OR DINANT. 


Ng XCIII. Ibid. 


Horat. So Guildenſterne and arcs | £0 tot. 
Haml. e LENT 
| They are not near my Conſcience; their Defeat 
Doth by their own in ſinuat ion grow. 3 
The ſecond Folio Edition begins Hamlet's Speech with a Verſe, 


which we have no Reaſon to believe is not SHAKESPEARZ'S; | 
and which, I think, is very eſſential to explain the two Verſes 


that follow it. I don't know whether Mr. Po» ſuſpected, or 


Overlook d it; but, I am ſure, it may be reſtor d without any 


Detriment. 


Horat: So Guildenſtern and Roſencraus go 707. 

Haml. Why, Man, they did make Love to this Employment: 
They are not near my Conſcience : their Defeat... 
Doth by their own Inſinuation grow. 


XCIV 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 


XCIV. A& 5. Scene 4. Page 464. 


Haml. Ir is but Fookery ; but it is ſuch a kind of Game-giving 45 
would perhaps trouble a Woman. 
Hor. IF your mind difhike auy thing, obey it. I will foreſtal their re- 
| pair hither, and ſay you are not fit. A n 


I do not know whether the Editor deſigned this Reading, which, 
I find, poſſeſſes ſome of the Editions beſides; or whether it be 
a literal Error of the Preſs only. I muſt own, I am at a Loſs 
to underſtand the Meaning of Game-giving. The Quarto Edi- 
tion of 1703, and Mr. Hughs agree in reading, But it is ſuch 4 
kind of boding, Nc. Tis certain, they expreſs the Author's 
Senſe exactly in this Word; but they have put a Change upon 
him, for Want of underſtanding his Original. The ſecond Fo- 
lio Edition reads the Paſſage, as it ought to be reſtor'd ; - 


It is but Foolery ;, but it is ſuch a kind of gain-giving, as 
would, perhaps, trouble a Woman. 9 
To Gain give, is to diſtruſt, or, as we more vulgarly expreſs it, to 
miſgive. It is of Saxon Derivation, among whom gean ſigni- 
fied againſt ; and ſo we at this day uſe gain-ſay, to imply con- 
tradict, lay againſt. 


XCV. Act g. Scene 5. Page 466. K 


And in the Cup an ON VX ball be throw, 
Richer than that which four ſucceſſive kings 
In Denmark's crown have wore, 


80 again, bag · 468. oy! 125 
| Drink off this potion : is the 


ONYX here? 
mere I a I find 


I 
7 


127 * 
Various „ 
Readm 4 
reſtored, and 
explained. 


Various 

Reading 

reſtor'd, and 
- © aſſerted, 


128 The Examination and Correction 


I find, this Reading poſſeſſes ſeveral of the Editions, and even 
That of the accurate Mr. HuGas. I don't know upon what 
Authority it firſt obtain d; but it ſeems evident to Me, who- 
ever introduced it, did not mind to expound the Author h 
himſelf ; which is the ſureſt Means of coming at the Truth of 
his Text. The ſecond Folio Edition has it in both places. 


* . 
And in the Cup an UNION ſball he throw, 
Rither than That, &c. 


* 
And ſo in the ſecond Paſſage; 
Drink off this Potion; Is thy UNION here? 


Mr. Pope, indeed, takes Notice of this as a Various Reading, 
but in Both places ſubſtitutes Onyx. I am clearly for the Union 
being reſtor d; and ſhall ſubmit my Reaſons for it to Judg- 
ment. An Onyx, as we may find from PLINY and the 
other Naturaliſts, was a {mall Stone-Gemm ; and was likewiſe 
a coarſer Species of lucid Stone, of which they made both Co- 
lumns and Pavements for Ornament. An Union is a fine Sort 
of Pearles, ſo call'd, either becauſe they are found fingle, or 
becauſe they reſemble an Onion in Shape, Wc. But the Etymo- 
logy of the Name is of no Conſequence here. III — 2 
the King's whole Speech, by which it will appear for what, and 
upon what Terms, he promiſes to throw a jewel into the Cup; 
and after that Another ſhort Speech, from which I believe it 


will be apparent, that Union ought to be reſtor'd inftead of 
Onyx. 


Set me the Stoops of Wine upon that Table: 

F Hamlet give the firſt or ſecond Hit, 

Or quit in Anſwer of the third Exchange, 

Let all the Battlements their Ordnance fire: 

The King ſball drink to Hamlets better Breath; 
And in the Cup an Onyx ſhall he throw, | 


Richer 


of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 


Richer than That which four ſucceſſive Kings 
In Denmark's Crown have worn. 


Well ; Hamlet and Laertes immediately fall to play with the 
Foils ; Hamlet gives Laertes the firſt Hit ; and the King there- 
upon, in'Performance of his Promiſe, ſays; | 


Stay, give me Drink : Hamlet, this PEARL, is thine; 
Here's to thy Health; give him the Cup. 


Now if an Union be a Species of Pearl, as it certainly is; and 
if an Onyx be a tranſparent Gemm, quite differing in its Na- 
ture from Pearls ; the King ſaying that Hamlet has earn'd the 
Pearl, I think, amounts to a Demonſtration, - that it was an 
Union- pearl he meant to throw into the Cup; and that there- 
fore, as I ſaid before, Union — to be reſtor d into the Poet's 
Text; and Onyx caſheer'd as a ſpurious Reading, Beſides, if I 
am not miſtaken, neither the Onyx, nor Sardonyx, are Jewels, 
which ever found Place in an Imperial Crown. 


XCVI. Act 5. Scene 6. Page 470. 


————— Oh proud death ! WO 
What feaſt is tow'rd in thine ETERNAL Cell, 
That thou ſo many princes at à ſbot 8 

So blvodily ha ſ ftruok? das picker 


I can ſee no great Propriety here in this Epithet of eternal; nor 
does it communicate any Image ſuitable to the Circumſtance of 
the Havock, that Fortinbras looks on, and would repreſent in a 
Light of Horror. He, upon the Sight of ſo many dead Bodies, 
exclaims againſt Death, as an execrable, riotous Deſtroyer ; and 
as preparing to make a ſavage and helliſh Feaſt... The Quarto 
Edition of 1637 ſeems to give us an Epithet more forcible, 
and peculiar to this Scene of Action, 


- FEM weve) 


I29 1 


from V. arious 


Wa and Cirroliin 


— O proud Death ! 

What Feaſt is tow'rd in thine IN HERN AI. Cell, 
That Thou ſo many Princes at a Shot 

So bhodily ha'ſt ſtrook ? 


XCVII. Ibid. Page 471. 


Fortinb. deve wen Let four captains | 
Bear Hamlet like a a. OFF the fage ; 


As Errors made their Appearance very * y in this Play, ſo they 
keep their Ground to the very Cloſe of it. Why bear Hamlet 
OFF the Stage? I meet with this Reading no Heal but in 
the fourth Folio Edition; and in the Duodecimo publiſh'd by 
Mr. To vs o, which does not much out-do the Other in 
Correctneſs. Surely, Fortinbras cannot be ſuppoſed to conſider 
either himſelf, or Hamlet, here, as Actors before an Audience; and 
upon the Stage of a Theatre. The Poet muſt very ſtrangely | 
forget. himſelf, to be guilty of ſuch an Abſurdity But I dare 
ſay, he may be clear'd from a Suſpicion of it. In ſhort, the 
Caſe is This: Hamlet, upon the Point of Death, conjures Ho- 
ratio, "who was deſirous to have poiſon'd himſelf, to relinquiſh 
thaſe Thoughts, and to live, and by a true Rep reſentation of 
Occurrences, reſcue his CharaQter and Memory — Scandal. 


Page 459. 
Oh, good Horatio, what a wounded Name, 
Things ſtanding thus unknown, ſhall live behind Me 
If Thou did'ſi ever hold me in thy Heart, 
Abſent thee from Felicity awhile, 
And in this harſh World Saw 1 Breath in Pain, 
To tell my Tale. | 


Horatio, 


F the Tragedy of HAMLEr. 


Horatio, in Obedience to this Command, deſires Fortinbras will 
order, that the dead Bodies may be placed on a publick Stage, 
or Scaffold, and he will _ to the Buſineſs of their diſaſtrous 
Deaths. | 


Page 470. 


—— — Give Order that theſe Bodies 

High ON A STAGE be placed to the View, 
And let Me ſpeak to th yet unknowing World 
How theſe Things came about. 


Nay, and he deſires that This may be done with al poſſi- 


ble Diſpatch, leſt, thro' a Delay, ** farther accidental Miſ- 
chief might intervene, + 


Pag E 47 1. | 

But let this ſame be preſently perform d, 

En while * Mens Minds are wild, leaſt more Miſthanca 
On Plots and Errors happen. % 


Fortinbras likes the Propoſal, expreſſes himſelf in Haſte to 
hear what Horatio has to ſay; and is for convening the No- 
bleſt Perſons of the State to the Audience of it. There is no 


doubt, therefore, but we ought to reftore this Paſlage, : 28 all 


the better Editions have it; 


i * 
„— »— — 


It is in Mr. Pope's Edition, by @ Tea of the Preſt, men mind. 


T2 Fortinb. 


Igt 


132 The Examination and Correction, &c. 


Fortinb. - - - - - Let four Captains | 
Bear Hamlet lite az Soldier T O the Stage; 
* 


that is, to the Stage, or Scaffold, from whence Horatio deſired 
to explain the caſual and plotted Calamities, that had befall'n 
them in the Perſons of their Princes. 


THE 


THE 


APPENDIYX. 


gl HE Examination of this ſingle Play has drove out into ſacha Length, 
| that I am almoſt afraid to think of an Appendix to it. But I have 
EW tied my ſelf down by expreſs Engagement, at my ſetting out; and 
I am fatisfied, unlefs an Author acquits himſelf very badly, the 
Publick nevet care to bate him his Promiſes. I undertook, I think, 
boldly to prove, That, whatever Errors occurr'd in HAMLET, Er- 
rors of the ſame Sorts ſhould be found in the other Plays, through- 
out all the Volumes. ?Tis evident, the Faulis of that Play have bran- 
ched out into many Claſſes: And | have an ample Stock of Matter 
before Me, to make good my Aſſertion upon every individual Specier. 
As this is but a Specim en, I ſhall be excuſed from pointing out thoſe innumerable literal 
Faults of the Preſs, which every Reader can correQ, that does but throw his Eye over the 
Paſſages. As to the Faults of Pointing too, I ſhall confine my ſelf to remark on Such on- 
ly, in which the Senſe is palpably injured; in which the Editor has followed the old printed 
ies, and in which he has either not ſeem'd to ſuſpe& a Fault, or not underſtood how 
to x 


it. 
The Deſign of this Work was an honeſt Endeavour to reſtore SHAKESPEARE from the 
Corruptions, that bave taken Place in all his Editions: And, to this End, I gave it as my 
Opinion, that an Editor of Him, ought to be e Crack upon him roo. The Want of Ori- 
ginals reduces us to a — of gueſſing, in order to amend him; but theſe Gueſſes Nase 


into Something of a more ſab/tant:al Nature, when they are tolerably ſupported by Reaſon 
or Amthorities, There is certainly a ee of Merit in a good Conjecture; tho” it be 
not ſo thoroughly ſatisfactory and convincing, as the Party, who adyances it, flatters him- 
ſelf it muſt be. This calls co my Mind a Sentiment in an old Lain Verſe, though I do 
not remember at preſent to what Author we owe it ; | 


Bene qui conjiciet, Yatem hunc perhibebo optimum. 


I am far from entertaining ſo vain an Hope, that eyery 2 which I have ventur'd - 
to make, ſhall be followed with the Concurrence and Applauſe .of the Readers: But I may 
dare to aſſert, Some of them are ſo well-grounded and certain, that They renew in Me a 
Wiſh, that Mr. Port bad propoſed io himſelf to enter upon this Province. This would 
naturally have led him to weigh every Line of his Author with that Care and Judgment, 
that, I believe, T hew he would have retracted ſome few of thoſe Conjectures which hg bas 
made; and in which he ſeems to have ney either from Want of duly conſidering the 
Poet, or of a- competent Knowledge of the Stage. The Cauſe of SHAKESPEARE is here 
engaged, and the Reſtitution of Him concern'd; and therefore I muſt beg Mr. Pope's Par- 
don for contradicting Some of his Conjectures, in which he has miſtaken the Meaning of 
dur 


134 


New Reading I. T ROILUS and CRESSIDA, p. 42. 
Paris and Troilus, you have Both ſaid well: 

And oz the Cauſe and Queſtion now in hand 
Have gloſi'd but ſuperficially; not much 

Men, whom GRAVER SAGES think 
' Unfit to hear moral Philoſophy. 4 


The Eprrox, I remember, in his Preface, f ſpeaking of the Method taken in his Edition, 
Various Readings are fairly put m the ö 
ext are CONS 
the Pardon of this Gentleman, if, thro* Ignorance, I ſhal 
that This may be call'd an Exception to his Rule; 
ext without ay Authority, and that all the printed 


diſputed, and 


Text 


* Vid. infra, 


+ Page 22. 


canſider d. 


14 


5 
Libre, and Ci- the firſt 


cus; Iambli- iI :hey call'd Knowle 
chus, in the Life niſm of our Poet, 
of Py 
Anachroniſms 
familiar with 
Shakeſſ 


* Troilus P 


lus, Page SPEARE again, in 


and the Variety of the 
which I make my Obſeryation, is This: 


tells us that be 
them; and thoſe he has 
Authority. I heartily 
a Falſhood here, in being bold to ſa 
that Graver Sages is preferr'd into the 
Copies read the Paſſage thus; 


llius, &. cheſter-Gooſe: 


* . lowance, and greater 
Meneni 


The APPENDIX. 


our Author. No other Cauſe, but This, ſhould provoke me to run fo bold a Riſque; and 
if I have the ill Fortune to deceive my ſelf in the Attempt, I ſhall willingly ſubmit to own 
my ſelf, (as HAMLET ſays to LAERTES, ) his Foil in my Ignorance. 

e exceptionable Conjectures of the Editor, I think, may be ranged under theſe Heads; 
as, where he has ſubſtituted a freſh Reading, and there was no Occaſion to depart from the 
Poets Text; where he has maim'd the Author by an unadvis'd Degradation; where he has 
made a bad Choice in a Varions Reading, and degraded the better Word; and where he, 
by miſtajting the Gloſs of any Word, has given a wrong Turn to the Poet's Senſe and 


8 
Of the firſt Species of Theſe I ſhall produce but a ſingle Inſtanc 
of the Poet will take up ſome Room: But, I am in hopes, the 
latter, will make it not appear too tedious. The Paſlage, upon 


Unlike Young 


efe 5 
2 


Unlike Dung Mew, whom ARISTOTLE thought 
Unfit to hear moral Philoſophy. 


Anachroniſm Dis certain, indeed, that Ariſtotle was at leaſt 800 Years ſubſequent in Time to Hector; 
and therefore the Poet makes a remarkable Innovation upon Chronology 
will have this to be One of thoſe palpable Blunders, which the Illiteracy of the firſt Publiſhers 
of his Works has father'd upon the Poet's Memory, and is of Opinion that it could not be 

of our Author's penning; t not being at all credib 
Man who had the leaſt Tiucture of a School, 

* Pref. Page for this Reaſon, and to ſhelter our Author from ſuch an Abſurdity, that the Editor has ex- 

pung'd the Name of ARISTOTLE, and ſubſtituted in its place graver Sages, But, with Sub- 

miſſion, even herein he has made ar beſt but half a Cure. If the Poet muſt be fetter'd down 
ngs, it is every whit as abſurd for Hector, to talk of Pni- 
orle. We have ſufficient Proofs 

hiloſophy, and call'd himſelf P, 


ſtrictly to the Chronology of Thi 
La- LOSOPHY, as for him to talk of Ari 
who invented the Word 
cero, from He- near 600 Years after the Date of Hector, even from his begi 
raclides Ponti- the Thing, which we now underſtand by Philoſophy, was then known; but it was only 
dge and Wiſdom. But to diſmiſs this Point; I believe this Anachro- 
(and, perhaps, all the Others that he is guilty of,) was the Effect of Po- 
etick Licence in him, rather than Ignorance. 

It has been very familiar with the Poets, of the Sage eſpecially, upon a Su 
their Audience were not ſo exactly inform'd in Chronology, to anticipate the 
s, before either the firſt were born, or the latter thought of. SHAKE- 

es the Nerves of AJAX with thoſe of ball-beari 

ing till 600 Years after that Greet; and was a Diſci- 
ora f. Again, Pandarus, at the Concluſion of the Play, + talks of a Win- 
Indeed, it is in an Addreſs to the Audience; and then there may be an A 


Latitude for going out of Cha 


e ſame Play * com 
rotows, Who was not in 


talks of Galen, who was not born till the ſecond Century of the Chriſtian __ 


becauſe my Defence 
of the Subject, 


one may compare 


ANTLY ex 


But Mr. Pore 
that theſe could be the Errors 
Converſation with ſuch as had.* 


P or as Was 
7 1 he was 


inning to flouriſh. Tis true, 


ORIOLANUS, 


Ro 


989280052 - 


- 
_—_ 


08825 


The APPEN D IX. 


And the very Hero of that Play talks of the Grievance that he muſt ſtoop to, in begging 
Voices of Dick and Hob“: Names which Idare ſay the Editor does not imagine, that Sn Ak E- 
SPEARE believ'd were ever heard of by that Roman. From his many as: founded on our 
Engliſh Annals, and the many Points of Hiſtury accurately tranſmitted down in them, I 
ſappoſe it muſt be confeſs'd that he was intimately verſed in that Part of Reading: Yet, in 
his King LEAR, he has ventur'd to make 4 Edgar talk of the Carfew, a Thing not known 
in Britain, till the Norman Invaſion : In his King Jonx he above OG mentions Can 
nons, tho Gunpowder was not invented till above a Century and an half after the Death of 
that Monarch; and what is yet more ſingular, (as he could not be a Stranger to the Date 
of a remarkable Man, who liv'd ſo near his own Time;) twice in the Story of Heury VI. 
he makes Mention of Machiavel as a ſubtle Politician: Tho', tis very well known, He 
was chief Counſellor to the wicked Ceſar Borgia, and a Favourite to the Popes Leo 
X. and Clement VII. the latter of whom did not come to the Papal Chair till the 
15th Year of K. Henry VIII. | 

All theſe Tranſgreſſions in Time therefore, as I ſaid before, are Liberties taken knowing- 
ly by the Poet; and not Abſurdities flowing from his Ignorance. There is one Paſſage, I 
remember, in our Author, in which, if I am not miſtaken, he may be preſum'd to ſheer at 
his own Licentiouſneſs in theſe Points. It is in his Lear: The King's Fool pronounces a 
ſort of Dogrel Prophecy; and as ſoon as he has finiſh'd it, cries, | Thi Prophecy Merlin 
ſhall make; for I de live before his time. 

Nor have theſe Liberties been taken alone by SHAKESPEARE among our own Poets: In 
the Humorons Lieutenant of BEAUMONT and FLETCHER, all. the Characters of which Play 
are the immediate Succeſlors of Alexander the Great: Demetrius, Prince of Macedon, comes 
out of his Chamber with a Piſto! in his Hand, above 1500 Years before Fire-Arms were 
ever thought of. So, in the Oedipus of DRYDEN and LEE, there is a Mention of the Ma- 
chines in the Theatre at Athens ; tho' neither Plays, nor Theatres, were ſo much as known 
to the World till above 500 Years after that Prince's Days. And yet I dare fay, neither 
Beaumont and Fletcher ever ſuppoſed, or thought to make their Audiences believe, that 
Piſtols were uſed in Demetrius's Time; nor were Dryden and Lee ſo ignorant in Dramati- 
cal Chronology, as to ſuppoſe Tragedy of as early a Date as Oedipus. a 

But that the Poets of our own Nation may be juſtified in theſe Liberties by Examples of 
the Antients, I'll throw in a few Inftances of the like ſort from their Predeceſſors in the 
Art at Greece, The Great SopHocCLEs, in his Electra, ſuppoſes that Oreſtes was thrown 
from his Chariot, and kill'd, at the Pythian Games; which Games, as the Scholiaſt tells 
us, were not inſtituted till 600 Years afterwards by Triptolemut. And frequent Inſtances 
occur in Athenexs, that ſhew, beyond Exception, how tree the Comick Poets made with 


Chronology. ALEx1s, in his Comedy call'd Heſione, introduces Hercules drinking out of 
a Thericlean Cup: Now this was a Species of Cups, invented by Thericles a Corinthian Pot- 
ter, who was Contemporary with e above 800 Years after the Period of Her- 
culet. ANAXANDRIDES, in his Proteſilaus, a Hero that was kill'd by Hector, brings in Her- 
cules again, and talks of Iphicrates the Athenian General, and Cotys the T bracian King, both 


living in the Poet's own Days. And DieniLus, in his Sappho, makes Archilochus, and Hip- 


wax, both addreſs that ical Lady, tho” the firſt was dead a Century before She was 


rn; and tho* She. was dead and rotten before the latter was born. 

If theſe Inſtances of Tranſgreſſion in Time may go any Way towards acquitting our 
Poet for the like Inconſiſtencies, I'll at any Time engage to ſtrengthen them with ten Times 
the Number, fetch'd from the Writings the beſt Poets, ancient and modern, foreign aud 


domeſtick. 


II. I come now to conſider a Degraded Paſſage, by which I think we may ſafely affirm Degraded 
the Poet's Senſe to be maim'd. It may be bern Jen ſaid of . Style, as He ſage reſtor'd, 


himſelt ſays of the Web of human Life, it i of a mingled Tarn, good and ill together. And 
therefore it muſt be own'd, Mr. Pore has very often with great Judgment thrown out of 
the Text ſuch low Traſh, as is unworthy of the Poet's CharaQter, and muſt diſguſt a Read- 
er who is deſirous to be pleaſed. But it unhappily ſome of his mean Conceits are ſo inter- 
mingled either with the Buſineſs, or the Senſe of the Context, that they cannot be rejected 
without leaving an Imperfection, there we muſt diſpenſe with them; and content ourſelves 
to be ſorry for the Levity of the Author's Pex, or the Vice of the Times that forc'd him to 
bring in ſuch bald Witticiſms. Let us now examine the Editor's Rule in making theſe De- 
gradations. Some ſuſpetted Paſſages, ſays He, 4 which are exceſſively bad, (and which ſeem 
Interpolations, by being ſo inſerted that one can rmtirely omit them without any Chaſm er De- 


ficience in the Context ,) are degraded to the Bottom of the Page; with au Alterisk referring *' 
10 


135 


0 Page 139. 


+ Page 62. 


+ Page 58, 


+ 


22 


Pak 


Pref. Pager 


The AP PEN D IX. 


to the Places of their Inſertion. I am afraid, all the degraded Paſſages are not thrown out 
with that due Care, but that there is left an actual Deficience in the Context for want of 
their Inſertion. As for Example ; 

In Txo1LUS and CRESSIDA, Page 87. Antenor the Trojan, a Priſoner to the Greeks, be- 
ing 2 to be exchang'd for Creſſida the Daughter of Calchas Diomede is ſent from the 
Greeks to bring her from Troy; and upon her Arrival at the Grecian Camp with him, ſhe 
receives a Welcome from the Princes, ; 


Agam. I this the Lady Crefſida? 
Diom. =---- ——.—g -- Ev'n She. | 
Agam. Moſt dearly wellcome to the Greeks, ſweet Lady. * 
Diom. Lady, a Word, --- I'll bring you to your Father, 

. Neſt. A Woman of quick Senſe. | 
| [Diomede Teads out Creflida, then returns.) 


Tf I am not deceiy'd, no leſs than Three Blunders are committed in this Scene on Account 
of Creſſid. To ſet them right methodically, we muſt go back to the Beginning of the Scene, 
aud examine the Parties entring. | 


Page 86. Scene VIII. 


The GxECIAN Camp. 


| iter Ajax amd, Agamemnon, 9 Menelaus, Ulyſſes, Neſtor, 
ALCHAS, &. 


Now here the Editor, for want of due Care, runs into an Error with the printed Co- 
pies. If Diomede leads Crefſid off, as the Poet certainly means he ſhould, in order to deli- 
ver her up to her Father, tis plain, as the Sun at Noon- day, that Calchas cannot be ſuppo- 
ſed upon the Stage: His Name therefore muſt be expung d from among the Names of Thoſe 
that are ſaid to enter. i 

In the ſecond Place, is it not very abſurd for Diomede to bring her on where ſo many 

i are preſent, and preparing to give her a Welcome, and then to lead her off abrupt- 
PE ſo ſoon as ever Agamemnom has ſaid a ſingle Line to her? But it is ſtill more abſurd, when 

refſid is made to be led off without uttering one ſingle Syllable, for NesToR to obſerve, 
that She is a Woman of quick Senſe ; as if ſhe had ſaid feveral witty Things. The Truth is, 
in the old Copies, Agamemnon, Neſtor, Achilles, Patroclut, and Menelaxs, all kiſs Creſſia; 
and, after the Line at which the Aſterist is placd, there follows the Quantity of a Page 
of Repartee betwixt Menelans, Patroclus, Ulyſſes and Creſſid; in which Creſſid bears her 
full Share. Indeed, the Matter of the Dialogue is but poor, and conſiſts of Conundrums 
and low Conceits ; yet it contains ſo much Raillery on the Part of Creſſid, that there is ſome 

Colour for Neſtor to ſay, She is a Woman of quick 2 This Dialogue therefore, mean as 
it is, muſt be reſtor'd, or Neſtor's Character of her it, from her ſaying Nothing, will be 
as extraordinary as the two Kings of Brentford hearing the Whiſper, tho" they are not pre- 
ſent, in the REHEARSAL. 
And, in the third Place, Diomede is ſaid to lead out Creſſid, and then return. Now, no 
Re- entry of him being mark d in the Books, this Note, according to the Cuſtom of the 
Stage, implies, that He only goes with Crefſid to the Scene, and comes back immediately; 
but it is intended that he ſhould ſurrender her to her Father's Hand at his Tent; which, 
let it have been ever ſo near to that of Agamemnon, mult take up ſome little Space of 
Time; and therefore, I think, it ought to be faid only thus, En Diomede, leading 
Cota: - and that, immediately before this Verſe in Page 89. 


Am. Here is Sir Diomede : Go, gentle Knight; ce. 


the Re- entry of Diomede onght to be mark d: For thus above Thirty Verſes are allowed 
for the Interval of his Abſence; and the Beginning of Agamemnon's Speech ſeems to inti- 
mate, that Diomede comes back, and joins them, at the very Inſtant he is uttering 1 


[4 


Stage and its Cuſtoms. As to the 


The AP PEN D IX. 


III. But if (as in marking the Entrance of Calchat, when he ought not to be brought on) 
Mr. Pops has err'd once by following all the printed Copies, I'll produce another Inſtance 
yon the ſame Play, in which, I think, he is as plainly miſtaken by departing from the whole 

t of Editions. 


TRomwUS and CRESSIDA, Page 12. 


Pand. Good morrow,* confin Creflid : What do you talk of? * How do you, Conſin? 
When were you at Ilium? 


* Good morrow Alexander, is added in all the Editions very abfurdly, Pants not being 
on, the Stage. 


This is the Note Mr. Porr has ſabjoin'd as his Reaſon for throwing beſe Words out of 
the Text. I confeſs, I want a better Reaſon, before I can think of following the Editor's 
private Opinion, in this againſt the Authority of all the Impreſſions. I am very well 
uaded, notwithſtanding Paris is not on the Stage, there is no ſuch Abſurdity as Mr. Pope 
ſuſpeed, but that the Words, Good morrow, Alexander, ---- ought to be honeſtly re- 
ſtor'd to the Poet's Text. In ſhort, before the Entrance of Pandarns, Creffid and her 
Man are upon the Stage together, difcourſing about Hedor's Reſentment _ Ajax, and 
for what Cauſe. And why might not Alexander be the Name of Creſſia's Paris had 
no Patent, I ſuppoſe, for engrofling the Name to himſelf. Beſides, Pandarus being of a 
buſy, fiddling, inſinuating Charadter, tis natural for him, as ſoon as he has given his Cou- 
fin the good Morrow, to pay his Civilities too to her Attendant. And to this I'll add an- 
other Obſervation, which fills out very unluckily for the Editor's Remark ; that tho“ Paris 
is, for the Generality, in HoMER call'd ALEXANDER, Jet, in this Play of our Author, by 
any one of the Characters —— he is call'd Nothing but Pazis. I gave the Play 4 
freſh Reading all through, on Purpoſe to confirm my ſelf in this Obſervation: And it con- 
vinces me by Alexander, the Poet here i Crefſid's Man. Reſtore the Paſſage 
therefore, as all the Editions before read it; | | 


Pand. Good morrow, Conſin Creſſid: What ds you talk of Good morrow, Alex- 
ander; How do you, Couſm? When were you at Ilium? 


IV. Tu now proceed to conſider a Conjecture of the Editor's, which I am very free to 
own is ingeniox/ly urg d: But there is Something more than Ingennity requit' d, to gueſs for 
the Stage rightly. His Conjecture is grounded upon a marginal Interpolation, that had crept 
into the Text of ſome later Editions, in Dame Onickh's admirable Deſcription of the Man- 
ner in which Falftaffe dy'd. ; 


K. Hengy V. Page 222. 


For after I ſaw him fumble with the Sheets, and play with Flowers, and 
file upon bis Finger: End, I knew there was but one way; for * his 
woſe was as ſhary as Pen. | 
His noſe was as ſharp as a pen, and a table of green fields. 


Theſe Words, and a table of fields, are not to be found in the old Editions of 1600 and 
1608. This nonſence got into all the following Editions by @ pleaſant 22 of the 7 - Za 


tors, who printed from the common piece- meal written Parts in the Play-bouſe. 


| here directed to be brought in, (it being a ſcene in a tavern where they drink at parting,) and this 


Diredion crept into the text from the margin. Greenfield was the name of the 
in that time who furmiſh'd implements, &c. for the ackorti. A Table of Greenfleld's. 
So far, the Note of the Eprror. Something more than [ngennny is wanting, 

before, to make theſe Conjectures current; and That is, a competent K 

iſtory of Greewfield being then Property-Man, whether 
it was really ſo, or it be only a gratis dictum, is a Point which 1 ſhall not contend about. 
But allowing the marginal ion, and ſuppoſing that a Table of Ereenſield's was want- 
ing; I poſitively deny that it ever was cuſtomary 65 that there can be any Occaſion for it) 


137 


ſecture re · 
722 


| 132 The APPEN'DI X. 


one, or the other. N e ee eee 
But there is a ſtronger Objection yet againſt this Conjecture of the Edirar's, in the Man- 
ner he ſuppoſes it; Which he mult have foreſeen, had he had Acquaintauce with St 


| Pope cannot i ne, that 
| when Implements are wanted in any Scene, the Direction for them is mark d ki Mid- 


te AEN FMI Ds Tabie can be of no Uſe to us for this Scene. * 
indeed, with Mr, Pope, that theſe Words might be a Sage- Direction, and ſo into 


a 4 — Quantity before the Acłers quoted are to enter, or the Properties be carried on. And 
ou 2 
the ext an But, I inſiſt, that they mult be a Direction chen for the ahſeguent 


to the Alſurdiey of the Objection lalt ſtruck at. I ſuppoſe, with the Editor, that over · againſt 

the Words of the Text, there might be this Marginal Quotation, ſo cloſe to them, that the 

Ignorance of the Stag -Editors might eaſily give Admittance into the er. 

2. bis Noſe was as foarp a5 Chairs, and. a Table of, Green 
Pen. Fields. | 


The Scene in Action is part of Dame Quickly, the Hoſteſs, her Houſe ; and Chairs and 
Table were here neceſſary: The non cene carries us into the French Dominions. I 
therefore believe This was intended as a Direction to the Scrue - Keepers, to be ready to re- 
move the Chairs and Table ſo ſoon as the Aﬀors went off; and to ſhift the Scene, from the 
Tavern, to a Proſpect of green Fields, repreſenting Part of the French Territories. 

But what if it ſhould be thought proper to retra& both Mr. Porz's and my own Conjec- 
ture, and to allow that theſe Words, corrupt as ws Fob are, might have belong'd to the 
Poet's Text? I have an Edition of Shakeſpeare by Me with ſome Marginal ConjeQures of 
a Gentleman ſometime deceas'd, and he is of the Mind to correct this Paſſage thus; : 


for bis Noſe was as pu ase Pen, and A talked of green Feld: 


It is certainly obſervable of People near Death, when they are delirious by a Fever, that they 
talk of moving; as it is of Thoſe in a Calenture, that they have their Heads run on green 
Fields. The Variation from Table to talked is not of a very great Latitude; tho we may 
ſtill come nearer to the Traces of the Letters, by reſtoring it thus 


. for bis Noſe was as ſharp as a Pen, and à babled of green Fields. 


To bable, or babble, is to mutter, or ſpeak indiſeriminately, like Children that cannot yet 
talk, or dying Perſons when they are lofing the Uſe of Speech. 


Congellave di V. Thenext Conje&ure which 1 ſhall produce of the Editors is likewiſe u 

, pon A cor- 
puted, andſup- rupted Paſſage of — Author ; but I am afraid his Attempt to cure it is queſtionable for more 
n Parr of r IV. Page III. 
I u jand with no foot-land,rakers, no long-ſtaff-Jexpenny firikers, none of thoſe 
2 1911: mad-muſtachio-purple-hued-malt, worm; but with Nobility and Tranguillity ; 
Burgomaſters and great ONRE-EYERS, 66. 

223 a De dat u : 1 O nennen N. h na: 


F4 "_ 7 * 8 - ©S ® 11 4 Wo 27 136 
” dd „ * 
e © Perhaps, Onetaires, Truftees or Commiſſioners n. 
4 h . 5 1 * 11 0 9 0 £1 1 d * 1 — " C # g & I 12 | 
Ga | I muſt 
0 — — * 5 0 vet +8 


. * U * * 


: 


- 
— ” 
a 
1 
— 
— = 
. 
. 
of 
. 


Te APPENDINYN 


I muſt own, I am at a Loſs\about this Conjecture of Mr. Pore's. Gadfpil, the Highwayman, 
is here boaſting to the Chamberlain of the Inn, that he is in no Fear of hanging; becanſe he 
is not link'd with a Gang of common little Rogues, but countenanced and born ont in his 
Occupation by the Society of Perſons of great Rank; alluding, to Prince Henry's ſome- 
times joining with them in their Robberies. But the Prince was no Traſtee or Commiſſioner ; 
nor had they any ſach Hink'd with them in their Gang, as I can find any where hinted by the 


Poet. Not can I, indeed, conceive how Oneraire comes to ſignify (or, by Whom belides 


the Editor it is ſo interpreted) Truſtees or Commiſſioners. The Word is apparently of French 
Termination; and muſt have its Derivation from Ouat of the Latines: And accordingly the 
French ſay Nefs oneraires, to lignify Ihr of Burthen, for Carriage, &c. and it is always an Ad- 
ſecktve, and is only uſed, as I, know, in thoſe Senſes. There is another French Word, which 

think would have much more nearly ferv'd Mr. Porx's Purpoſe, tho not have amounted 
directly to his Gloſs; and that is, howorarres, i. e. honourable Perſons, Perſons worthy of 
honour; and ſo Chevaliers bonoraires, we find, were Such as were Knights by the Priviledge 
of their Birth, and not in the Right of any Order. But I am of Opinion that not even 
this Word reftores us the Poets Text. For ſuppoſing SnAxESFHEARE himfelf acquainted 
with the Meaning of the Term, honoraire ; we have no Reaſon to think he would have put 
it in the Mouth of ſo mean a fellow as Gadſpil: No other Part of his Diale& favours of ſo 
much Politeneſs, or Knowledge in Language. If I may interpoſe my Conjecture, I believe 
the Poet's Word here was One much more vulgarly known, and adopted familfarly into 
our Tongue; and beſides, not greatly differing in the literal Part, and much leſs in the 
Sonnd, from the preſent corrupted Reading. I can't help ſuſpecting that he wrote, | 


but with Nobility and Tranquillity; Burgomaſters, and 

great SEIGNIORS, &c. | 4 8 

As have expreſt my ſelf deſirous as often as may be, to expound the Author by himſelf, 

I eſpouſe this my Conje@ure with the more. Willingneſs, becauſe I find him coupling the 
ſame Terms in another of his Plays, See, © 5 


Merchant of Vexict. Page 5. 


Tour Mind is toſſing on the Ocean, 


There, where your Argoſies with portly Sail, g 
Like SEIGNIORS and rich BURGHERS on the Flood, &c, 


VI. P11 next proceed to examine a few Paſſages, in which, as I conceive, Mr. Popx has 
adopted a Various Reading for the worſe, and rejeRted the berter Term. So, in 


CYMBELINE, Page 197. 


—— Id note, 4 SIE 
That Grief and Patience, rooted in him Both, 
Mingle their * POW'RS together. 
| | | * Spurs. 


Sq Ly * 499 


I muſt — * tell for what Reaſon, unleſs he did not remember the Signification 
of the Term, . Pope has degraded Spurs here, and ſubſtituted Powers in its Place. 1 
am ſure, there is much greater Conſonancy of the Metaphors, in rooted and Spurs; than in 
rooted and Powers. For Spars do not only ſignify thoſe ſharp Irons which we wear at our 
Heels to make a Horſe mend his Pace; and thoſe horny Subſtances upon a Cock's Legs, 
with which he wounds his Antagoniſt in fighting; but likewiſe the Fibres, or Strings, which 
ſhoot out from the Roots of s and. Trees, and give them a\Fixure and Firmneſs in 
the Earth. Neither Skinner, Cotgrave, nor Baily, remember to mention the Word in this 


Senſe; but SHAKESPEARE knew the Propriety of the Term, and, as Mr. Porg might have 
obſerved, has uled it in this Signification in his very firſt Play. a 


2 The 


Variont Read. 


ing diſputed and 
' 


The APPENDIX; 


" The Trurrsr, Page 66. | 
===» The ftrong-bard 


Promontory 
Have I made ſhake; and ly the SPURS pack up 
The Pine and Cedar. 


_ 1 think This tes a ſufficient Authority to reſtore this Term in the Paſſage now * 


W. . 


VII. K. LEAR. Page 47. | * mole Set vals Ih) 
— Strike her young Boner, 
t INFECTING Airs, with Lameneſs. . 
; + Tow taking Airs. | 
Here , I think, the Eaitor has eſpouſed the worſe Reading, and Iegraded a Term, 
cog of moft moft of the Copies, as well as is peculiar to Ti Aur m_ = 


quenely pie by ki to ſignify, blaſting, bewitching, &c. 
So, afterwards, in the very Play before us, Page Gt. 
Edg. Bliſs thee from N, And and TAKING ! 
So, in the Merry Wives of WixpsoR, Page 300. 
And there be blaſts the Tree, aud TAKES the Cattle. 


And 1 in HAMLET, Page 351. 


The Ni bes are wholeſome, then no Planets frite, 
No Fairy TAKES, ------ 


And in ſeveral oiher Places: From which it is plain, that that zo ak of old, not only ſignified to 
receide; mag ene 
lay bald an, tack, inuade. 


VIII. K. LxAx, Page 55. 


Ita not Da, you Elements, with Unkindweſs; 
lever gave you Kingdom, call d you Children, 
Nn owe meno 4 SUBMISSION. 


# Subſcription. 


Here again the Editor has degraded a Term, which takes Poſſeſſion of the greateſt Part of 
the printed Copies; and one which the Poet chuſes to uſe in other TR at leaſt the Verb 
of it, rather than the more common Word fubmir. | 


So afterwards in this very PLay, Page 71. 


If Wotves had at — Revd dey as 
5  Thow ſboula have ſaid, Good Porter, . . / 
All-Graek e/je CEE. 7» 


1 : ? [ 


qd ;£ 


. 


So in  Trrvs AxDROXICUS, Page 485. 


way Adeiſe Bee, Aaron, what is 20 be dove, "nhoxn-ewolisll s wal 
Au we hill All SUBSCRIBE to thy Advice. - 


aa 


| Aud | 


5 


Te APPENDIX. 


And ſo, in Tao and CRESSIDA, Page go. * 
For Hector in his Blaze of Wrath SUBSCRIBES 
To tender Objects; but | He in Heat of Action } Troitue 
L more vindicative than jealons Love. | - 
PR RAS ot of ao 7 6 vita ns 
— —— Blaſti and Fogs upon Thee! 


Th * UNTENDER Woandimngs of 8 Father's Curſe 
Pierce ev'ry Senſe about thee ! a6; 


I cannot help thinking here again, but that the degraded Word, which is likewiſe in moſt of 
ies, is the moſt expreſſive, and conveys an e cxattly ſuiting with the Poet's 
Thought. Tis true, antender „ ſevere, harſs, and all the Oppoſites to the Idea 
of tender. But ls a Wound untented is apt to raxkle inwards, ſmart, and ſeſter, I believe, Shake- 
are means to intimate here, that a Fatber's Corſe ſhall be a Woonding of ſuch a 
arp, inveterate Nature, that Nothing ſhall be able to tent it, i. e. $0 ſearch the Bottom, 
or afliſt in the Cure of it. 


X. K. Lear, Page 109. | | 
Kent. No, my good Lord, I am the very man 
Lear. I' ſee that flrait. 
Kent. Thats from your Life of Difference, and Decay, 


Have follow'd your ſad Steps. 
Lear You're welcome hither. 
Kent. 'TWAS no man elſe; als cheerlefs, dark, and deadly; 


* 
> 


I am 7. — deceiv'd if Mr. Pope here again, by eſpouſing this Reading, enters into the 


Poet's Thought, which ſeems to me to be T his. Kee: having convinced the old King firſt 
that he was Kent, and then chat he bad attended him in Diſguiſe under his Misfortunes, as his 
Servant Cains Lear, leas'd with the Information, ſays, You're welcome hither; but Kene, 
reflecting on the diſmal Accidents that ſurrounded them, ſays; 


* NOR no Man elf; --- 


5. e. Neither I, nor any Man, can be ſaid to be welcome hither, where the Scene is all Ca- 

— 2 And I want no better Proof to perſuade Me this is the Genuine 1 than the 
R s which Kent immediately ſubj oĩus for his ſaying ſo: There can be no fach Thing as 
Welcome here; for 14. 

N — coonbddbed all's cheerleſt, dark, and deadly ; 

Var eldeſt Danghters have fore-done themfelves, © 
And deſp rately are dead. 2 


XI. MibsusuiER-Nicnr's DREAM. Page 145. 

Theſ. Now is the 4 MOON aſed between the two Neighbanrs. 

Dem. No Remedy, my Lord, when Walls are fo wilful co bear without Waruixg. 
1 Nbw i the $ bend down between the co Neighbours, Old Edt. 


. G NS ROY OATH eflf: ! 
A — R tation is made, in this odd Play, of the Loves of Pyramus and Thisbe; 
and one Flute a Bellows-mender, properly equipp'd, plays the Part of the Wall, thro' a Cran- 
ny of which the two Lovers were uſed to whither chele Paſſion. This Part of the Interlude 
being over, the Hall, for which there was no further Occaſion, goes decently off; upon 
which, the Pallage now under Conſideration immediately follows. But how can 3 


= 


442 The AP PEN D IX. 
| be ſuppoſed to ſpeak of the Moon, which has never jet entred? Or, what Relation 
Denerrins 888 WalP's ele to Theſen?'s Speech about the Moon? — 


— — be play ing at 9 ert pay _ an Poet wrote the Paſ- 
e-taus, a 


Theſ. Now is the MURE ALL down between the two” ew, 


And then Demetrius's Reply is appoſite enough. What confirms me that it ſhould be reſtor'd 
thus, is another Paſſage after in Page 149. KEY 


Theſ. Mooiitbins an Lion ar in to tay the 4 4 
Dem. Ay, and Wall %; V 
Bot. No, I aſſure you, the WALL is d 1 parted their fathers. 


| The Mare (or Wall) perhaps is a Subſtantive of the Poet's'own- coinin from mares of 
1 the Latines. * whether he firſt employ'd this Word in Exgliſb, or — certain he has 
.uſed ir in another of his Plays; and, poſlibly oftner than once. 


Second Part of K. HExRT IV. Page 366. | N 
D' inceſſant Care and Labour of his Mind | 
Hath wrought the MURE that ſhould confine it in, 
So thin, that Life hooks through, and will break ont. 


And ſo, in the Prologue to TRS and CRESSIDA, he ſtiles the Walls of Troy, the Im- 


mures. 


— — and their Vow ir * 
To ranſack Troy, within whoſe ſtrong IMM URES 
The raviſht Helen, Menelaus' Queen, 

With wanton Paris ſleeps: and That's the Quarrel. 


Various Read: XII. OTHELLO, Page 490. 

int weſtor'd. 0f being raken by the infolens Foe, To 
And ſold to Slav'ry; of my Re ion thence, 
And WITH IT ALL my Travels Hiſtory: * 


* This Line is the' old Edition: It is in the r. And POR- 
TANCE in my 's Hiſtorys & — 


If Porzagce be in it ſetf a and Ggnificant Term, and a Term of our Author's too, 

as it poſſeſſes all the other Editions but the firſt, we have great Reaſon to believe it was an 
Alteration of the Poet's own, and which he thought better than the firſt Reading. SnaxE 
SPEARE-Was a fond Imitator of SPENSER's Diction, who uſes this Word in the very Senſe 
„ be requir'd for ĩt in the Paſſage before Us. See his Fairy mms Ou. 2, Can. 3. Stanz. 21. 


. Eftſoon there fepped forth 
A goodly Lady, clad in Humer's Weed, 
That ſeem'd to be a Woman of great Worth, 
And, by her ſtately ee born of beav'nly Birth, 


Mr. r. Hocns, in his Gloſery upon this Author, v v. tells us that Partance fignifies 


Behbawionr; from the French? fr port er, to behave one's What does Shakeſpeare make his 
Othello ſay more than this, thar he cold his Miſtreſs of his being taken a Priſoner, his Re- 


— ion, and his Bebæviour in the whole A f his Travels? In the like Signification 
him uſing this Word in Another of his OY 


Pd Coro» 


The APPENDEX. 


ConrLanch, Page 142. | "2th 
ib what — wore the humble Weed, N 
Hie in bis Sit he ſcorn'd Ton! But your Loves, wk it 

Thinking upon his Services, took from You 2 

The Apprehenſion of bis preſens PORT ANCE, SC. 


I think therefore Portance ought to be reſtor d, as a Reading of the Poet's own Ghaice. 5 


XIII. I cannot ſay that in the Paſſage, which now comes under Conſideration, the Editor The Like, 
has deſignedly choſe the worſe Term; foti though there be a Various Reading as he has ta- 
ken no Notice of it, we cannot ſay. Icertainly whether he overlook'd or 7 cſpiſed it: Bues 
whichever was the Caſe, I 2 we may affirm, without Scruple, that it ovyght to be W 
to our Author's Text. 


TRomus and CxEssma, Page 9. | | 865 8 


When I do tell thee, there my ry he POT 
Reply not in how many fathoms deep 
They lye INTRENCH'D. 


Beſides that, to intrench by Fathoms, is a Phraſe which we have very ery great Reaſon to ſuſpect; 
what Agreement i in Senſe is there betwixt drows'd, and intrench'd4* The firſt carries the Idea 
of Deſtruction, and the latter of Security: Aud this Diſcordance, if I at all underſtand the 
Author, abſolutely deſtroys his Meaning. All the Editions, that I have ſeen, read the Pate 
ſage, as there is no Queſtion but it ought to be reſtor'd; - - 


When I do tell thee, there my Hopes lye drown'd ; 
Reply not, in how many Fathoms deep 
They lye INDRENCH'D. 


Indrench'4 correſponds — 2 with drown'd, and 1 fgnifie immersid in the Deep, or, as the 
Poet in another Place calls it, enſteep d. 


OTHELLo, Page 502. 
The gutter'd Rocks, and congregated Sands, 
( Traitors enſteep d to clog the guiltleſs Keel;) 


The Editor, here, I don't know for what Reaſon, ſubjoins a Doubt whether it ought not to 
be --- Traitors enur'd to clog, &c. I cannot ſee that there is any Necd to diſturb the Poet's 
Text; his own Word is very exprefliy and his Meaning as obvious, to wit, That Rocks 

and Shoals, lurk ander, and lye coyer'd by the Deep, treacheroully to Py Veffets which, 
happen to be thrown upon them. 


XIV, I ſhall now addreſs my ſelf to confider a few of the Editor's Chr, in which he Miſtaken Gloſs ; - 
has either miſtaken the Meaning of the Words be would explain, or, where they are — and Emendati- 
cal, has taken the wrong Interpretation to the Prejudice of the Author's Senſe. 


MEeRcnaxnT of VENICE, Page 8. 
O my Anthonio, 1 4 knew of Thoſe, 
That therefore only are reputed wiſe, 
For ſaying Nothing ; who, I'm very ſure, 
TIM They ſhould ſpeak, would almoſt f DAMM #hoſe "IM 
Re, een he, ere eee 
' v1 tant SNPs ©, £ alt T7 


1 5% 


I cannot pretend to account where Mr. Pore hes m with the Word Emm to ſignify,.. 
daunt, I cannot find it ever ſo interpreted: But granting it ould be erer uſed in daf AJ” 
ceptation 


8. Mat, vii. 13, 
14. 


Genes. iii. 8. 


S. Matt. vii. 3. 


The APPENDIX, 


ceptation, I dare affirm that neither the Word itſelf, nor its Gloſs, ought to have 4 Place 
here. Why ſhould one Man's ſpeaking fooliſhly be preſum'd to dannt — Ears? The 
Diſcourſe of a Fool naturally makes us laugh at, or deſpiſe him, but does not, as I conceive, 

a Damp upon our Spirits. I cannot but wonder the Editor did not trace the Author's 

ught in this Place, as it is evident he did not, both by the Text, and Gloſs upon it; but 
it leaves me the Pleaſure of explaining, beyond Exception, a Paſſage, which this ingenious 
Gentleman did not ſo much as gueſs ar. Upou the firſt Reading immediately ſuſpected 
it ſhould be reſtor'd, as I ſince find the fourth folio Edition, and fome other more modern 
Ones, happen to exhibit it; 


———— who, I'm very ſure 


* If They ſhould ſpeak, would almoſt DAMN tho Ears, 


Which, hearing them, would call their Brothers Fools. 


The Author's Meaning is directly this; That ſome People are thought wiſe, whilſt they keep 
Silence; who, when Top open their Mouths, are ſach ſtupid Praters, that their Hearers can- 
not help calling them Fools, and ſo incur the Jud denounced upon them in the Goſpe/. 
It is very familiar with peare to allude to Paffages of Scripture ; and it is plain to me, 
= to 8 7 1 — ny his e. Text — 1 3 — 12 
. v. 22. de ver ſhall ſay to hit Brother, Raca, be in danger ouncil: But 
por i bit — ſay, thou Fool, hall be in danger of Hell-fire. : 
(Becauſe would not aſſert any Thing, but I would be willing to ſecond with a Proof, 
PH ſubjoin afew Inſtances, out of a great Number that may be collected, in which our 
45 vo uy br prere-Hiſtory ; and Others, in which he both alludes to, and quotes the 
very Texts from rit. 
In At well that 2 well, Page 445. he talks of Nebachadzezzar's eating Graſs; in Love's 


Laboxr lit, Page 104. of Sampſon's carrying the City Gates on his Back; in the Merry Wives 

| £ or, Page 308. of Galiab, and t caver's Beam; in K. Richard II. Page 162. of 
es Waſhing his Hands; in the Firſ# Part of K. Hexry IV. Page 261, 262. Falftaffe's 

Soldiers are compar'd to Lazarxs, and to the Prodigal Sen; and in the thirt Part of Henry VI. 

Page 7. and in Hamlet, Page 391. there is an Alluſion to 42 Daughter. 

Tu now quote a few es, in which Texts are either, as 1 ſaid, evidently alluded to, 

or literally quoted. | | ; 


(1.) ALL's WELL THAT ENDS WELL, Page 445. 
I am for the Houſe with the narrow Gate, which I take to be too little for Pomp to enter: 
Some, that bumble themſelves, may; but the Many will be too chill and tender, and they'll 
be for the flowry way that leads to the broad Gate, and the great Fire, 


(.) Mven Apo azour Normxe, Page 548. * 
All, all; and moreover, God ſaw him when he was hid in the Garden. 


(3) Love's Lanoun LosT; Page 136. | 

Ton found his Mote, the King your Mote did ſee ; 

Bus I s Beam do find in Zach of Three. | X 
(4.) K. RicnarD II. Page 180. 


It is as bard to come, as for a Camel 
To thread the Poſtern of a Needle's Eye. 


(5) Firſt Part of K. Henay IV. Page 195. 
Thou didſt well, for Wiſdom cries out in the Street, and no Man regards 


(6.) K. Henay. V. Page 448. ; | 
Le chien eſt retournt a ſon propre vomiſſement, and la truic lav ee au bourbier. 


| 1 00 Hax- 


The APPENDIX. bis 


» (7.) Haurer, Page 464. | — 
| _ There's ſpecial Providence in the Fall of a Sparrow. L "24022 
XV. Firſt Part of K. Hexar IV. Page 270. 

Wore, || +55 o==== For I gs proteſt, 
I have not ſought the Day of this (Dilike. 
King. You have not ſought it, Sir? how comes it then? 

Falſ. Robellion lay iu his Way, and he found it. 
Prince. Peace, * CHEVET, peace. 
* Chevet, 4 bolffer, 
I entirely accord with Mr. Porr, that Chevet is the French Word for a Bolſter; but I can't 
ſo eaſily agree that Chever'is SHAKESPEARE's Word here. Why ſhould Prince Harry call 
Falſtaffe Bolſter, for interpoſing in the Diſcourſe betwixt the King and Worceſter ? With 
Submiſſion, He does not take him up here for his unreaſonable Size, but for his ill-tim'd, un- 


ſedſonable Chattering much rather think it ought to be reſtored, as the Getierality of the 
Editions have it, as the Gentlemen of the Stage, I know, conſtantly repeat it; 


Prince. H. Peace, CHEWET, Peace. --- 


A Chewet, or is a noiſy chattering Bird; That ſort of Pie which by the French is 
call'd Gombelet, I his carries a proper Reproach to Fa/ſtaffe for his meddling and imperti- 
nent Jeſt; and beſides, if the Poet had intended that the Prince ſhould fleer at Fa/ſtaffe on Ac- 
count ef his Corpulency, I doubt not but he would have call'd him Bolſter in plain Eaglißb, 
and not have wrapp'd up the Abuſe in the French Word Chever. iP 2H 4 

[ ' * 4 


XVI. k. Hengy VIII. Page 478. | 64-0 The Like; 
2 and which gifts $9 of $0 
(Saving your mincing,) the Capacity n 
Of your ſoft * CHIVEREL Conſcience would receive, 
If you might pleaſe to ſtretch it. a F 
ie. Nader, from Cheverillus, a young Cock, 4 Chick. 


It ought to be reſtored- «= Cheveril Conſcience. This Word recurrs in another Place of 
our Author concerning a wanton, playing Wit. 2 | 


RoxEo and Jutiet, Page 281. * | #4 
Ob, here's a Wit of CHE VERIL, that ſtretches from an Inch narrow to an 


Bot in neither of theſe Paſſages is Cheveri/ deriv'd as the Editor ſuppoſes, *Tis true, in 
BaiLy's Dictionary, we are told that Cheverillins was an old Latize. Word for a Cockling, 
or young Cock. I don't know from what Authority he 8 This; for neither Calepine, Se- 
vens, Voſſius, Martinius, Decimator, Buchner, (the old Gloſſaries, nor the modern Dictio- 
naries that I have look'd into,) take any Notice of. ſuch a Word. And to this IF produce 

a third Paſſage from our Author, which I prefume will make it evident beyond a Doubt, that 
Cheveril muſt have a different Derivation. NV WY Reap 1h 8% 


T WELFTH-NIGHT. Page og. Ne þ "P | 
| A Sentence is but a CHEVERIL Glove to 4 good Wit; how quickly the wrong | 
Side may be turn'd outward. ta wy ins 
I never yet heard of any Leather made of a CockrePs Skin, and believe it will hardly come 
into Experiment in Mr. Porz's, or my Time. X ſhort, Skimmer, Corgrave, and Baily too, 


+ 
a * 


146 The APPENDIX. 


might have inform'd the Editor, as the Truth is, that Cheveri/ Leather is made of the Skin 
of a Kid, or Goat; which was call'd by the LArms Caprillus, Caprellus, and Capreolus ; 
by the ITALIANS, Ciaverello; and by the FRENCH, Cheverexl; from which laſt, our Word 

beveril is immediately deduced; ſo that Cheveril is tender, or ſtretching, from Cheveresl, 
a Kid, or wild Goat. 


The Like. XVII. This Appendix inſenſibly ſtretches out to ſuch a Compaſs, that I muſt be obliged . 
to paſꝭ over from miſtaken Glaſſes, to Faults of other Kinds. I ſhall produce one more, how- 
ever, which is made upon a Word of a double Signification, and where the Editor has hap- 

| pen'd to take it in a Senſe, which I believe is very contrary to the Poet's Intention. 


Second Part of K. Hex. IV. Page 326. 


Falſ. Piſtol, I would be quiet. 
Piſt. Sweet Knight, I kiſs thy H NEIF. 


+ neif, from nativa, i. e. a Woman Slave that is born in one's houſe, 


- * TIadmit, with Mr. Pope, that This is one of the Conſtructions of the Word weif; and, ad- 
mitting it to be the proper One here, Mr. Pop muſt underſtand that Piſtol would kiſs Fal- 
ftaffe's domeſtick Miſtreſs, Dol Tearſheet. But I appeal to every One that ſhall but read 
the Scene over, whether This could poſſibly be the Poet's Meaning. There is a perfect Fray 
betwixt Dol and Piſtol; She calls him an hundred the worſt Names She can think of; He 
threatens to murther her Ruff, and ſays, He could tear her: Bardolfe would have him begone ; 
but He fays, he'll ſee her damn'd firſt: and Dol, on the other Hand, wants him to be thruſt 
down Stairs, and ſays, She cannot endure ſuch a Fuſtian Raſcal. I ſhould very little ex- 
pect that theſe Parties, in ſuch a Ferment, ſhould come to kiſſing: And [am perſuaded SHAXE- 
SPEARE thought of no Reconciliation; For the Brawl is kept on, till it riſes to drawing 
Swords; and Piſtol, among em, is huſtled down Stairs. 

I cannot think any more 1s intended by the Poet than This; that Falſtaffe, weary of Piſ⸗ 

zoPs wrangling, tells him He would be quiet; and that Piſtol, who had no Quarrel with 

- Sir John, but a Sort of Dependance on him, ſpeaks the Knight fair and tells him, that he 

See Ray þifſes bis Filt; for ſo, it ſeems, the Word Neif likewiſe ſignifies. * I wonder Mr. Pop did 

_— and not remember This, when the ſame Word (with a ſmall Variation in the Orthography) had 
Wards, * paſt him in the ſecond Play of our Author, the Midſummer Night's Dream, Page 129. 


Botr. Give me thy NEAFE, Movufienr Muſtard- Seed; So 


And the Editor there tells us, that Neafe, was a Yorkſhire Word for Fiſt. 

The Identity of Sound may eaſily deceive us in the Senſe of two Exgliſſ Words ſo almoſt 
the Same; as well as the different Termination of any two ſimilar Words, in any other 
Language, may, without a particular Care, and Application to the Context. For Want of 
this Caution and Guard; I believe, I can name a ignsl Inſtance, in which Mr. Poet has ſuf- 
fer'd himſelf to be deceiv'd in his Tranſlation of Howes. 

In the Eigbib Book of the ILiaD, juſt as Texcer has drawn his Arrow to the Head, and 


is going to let it fly, Hector di a large Stone at him, which both prevents its Flight 
Alle the Archer: _ 
2. tov I af lain *Eulup 
| Av Spbovla, rap apor, 3h nant; d xi 
en v, Giidd; te, paniga 3} xalpty 551, 


Ty lol pweuadle A aide bupioevii, | 
H AE AE" OI NEIPH'N* vdpuyes 33 A in: xaprty. 


Which Paſſage Mr. Pork has thus tranſlated ; 
5 There, where the Juncture knits the Chanel-bone, 
The furious Chief diſcharg'd the craggy Stone: 
Te TENDON burſt beneath the pond'rons Blow, 
And his numb d Hand diſmiſs d bis uſeleſs Bow. 
- 


Enft- 


The APPENDIX. 147 

Euſtatbiut, Spondauut, Barnes, and all the learned World, concurred in a different Con- 
ſtruction of the Paſſage, viz. that Hector with the Stone broke Texcer's Bowyſtring, and 
numb'd his Hand violently into the Bargain. And, indeed, when J firſt read Mr. Vors's 
Tranſlation, [ imagin'd that by a Poetical Licence he had call'd the Bowſtring the Tendon, 
as in another Place he takes the Liberty to call it the Nerve: But his Note, ſubjoin'd to ſhew 
that Heckor ftruck Texcer juſt about the Articulation of the Arm with the Shoulder, which 
cut the Tendon, or wounded it ſo, that it loſt its Force, ſoon, convinced me that the Tran- 
ſlator had miſtaken the Meaning of his Original. | 

It happens very — for the Diſcovery of this Miſtake, that the ſame Accident again . 
happens to Texcer in the fifteenth Book of the IL1aD: His Bowſtring, indeed, is not broke 
by the Stroke of a Stone; but as he is directing his Shaft againſt Hleckor, Jupiter, by an in- 
viſible Means, cauſes it to burſt, and the Bow to fly out of his Hand. TE 


"0; Ol digps@4 a NETPH'N tv dpujuove ru 
EHE on. 73 igdecl 


Here again the very ſame Words -- gte of vevp}v == are repeated, but the Trauſlator has ren- 
der'd them as they ought to be. 


At his full Stretch as the tough STRING he drew, 
Struck by an Arm unſeen IT burſt in two. 


Teucer, immediately diſhearten'd at the Diſaſter, complains of the Loſs of a Bowſtring, with 
which he hop'd to do ſo much Execution, and which he had but that Morning affix'd for 
the Service of the Day: 


=== ====—=—- --= == fy of {ce 


Euſtatbius ſays Something ſo remarkable upon this Place, that Mr. Ts N r, de urs Ayes nat 
Pop could not poſſibly have made the Miſtake upon the former Paſſage, iripas Zvguxia; Tov Teixpov. Ig ns 
if he had attended to the Commentator's Words here. Teucer or va, Irs Tpdiov dv du Thy veupav, dn 
ving that he had new-ſlrung his Bow that morning, ſays he, calls te his Re- 797 Tv eTspay aids Ga, 
membrance his former Mistortune of having bit Bowſtring burſt by the Euſtath, Romæ. Fag. 1025, 
Stroke of a Stone. 

It is plain in the firſt Paſſage Mr. Port underſtands vevgiy in the Senſe of vey or the Nerve 
of the Body. I cannot remember that it is ever employ'd in that Signification by any Author 
whatſoever : But This I know well and can afſure Mr. Pop, if he has not yet obſerv'd it, 

that, as often as HoMER has uſed vez either in the Iliad or Odyſſey, it ſignifies in Him 
nothing but a Bowſtring. | | 

This is a Digreſſion from the Baſineſ of SHAXWPEARE, but One that a Sameneſs of Ex- 
ror naturally introduc'd; and I hope it will be pardqgable, as it ſets right a Paſſage, in which 
Many may be miſled by the Authority of the T ranſlator's Name. 


XVIII. I ſhall now proceed to give a Specimen of ſome few Paſſages, in which the Point- Bad Point 
ing is ſo unſufferably bad, that the Poets enſe is not only mand d quite ſtifled: And rectifed. 
yet as the Editor in Theſe bas follow d the Pattern ſet him in the old Editions, the Continu- 
ation of Error cannot be — — thro* Negligence, but becauſe he would not pleaſe either 
to ſuſpeQ a Fault, or to indulge his private Senſe in curing it. There are ſo many fi 
Blots of this Sort left, that, to point at them all, would be to extend this Work to ten Times 
the Compaſs it has already taken up: I ſhall therefore only cull out ſuch a Parcel, as may 
demonſtrate how far SHAKESPEARE wants reſtoring in this Particular. | 


Tous and CRESSIDA, Page 74. : 


Ene. And thou ſhalt bunt a Lion that will flie 
With his Face back in human gentleneſs :- 
— | Welcome to Troy --- Now, by Anchiſes' Life; 
Welcome indeed «== ; 
X 2 Thus 


148 


| Occaſional Cor- 


The APPENDIX. 


Thus this Paſſage has all along been read, and never underſtood, as I ſuppoſe, by any of the 
Editors. The ſecond and fourth Folio Editions make a ſmall Variation of the ointing, but 
do not at all mend the Matter. I don't know what Conception the Editors have had to them- 
ſelves of a Lion flying in humane Gentleneſs; To Me, I confeſs, it ſeems ſtrange Stuff. 
If a Lion fly with his Face turn'd backward, it is fighting all the Way in his Retreat: And 
in this Manner it is Azeas profeſſes that He ſhall fly, when he's hunted. But where then 
are the Symptoms of humane 9 Mr. DzYDEx, in his Alteration of this Play from 
SHAKESPEARE, has acted with great Caution upon this Paſſage : For not iving himſelf the 
Trouble to trace the Author's Meaning, or to rectify the Miſtake of his Editors, he cloſes 
the Sentence at with bis face backward; and entirely leaves out, in humane Gentleneſs. 
In ſhort, the Place is flat Nonſenſe as it ſtands, only tor Want of true Pointing. I think, 
there is no Queſtion to be made, but that SHAKESPEARE intended it thus; 


And Thou ſhalt hunt « Lion, that will flie 

With his Face back. --- In humane Gentleneſs, 
Welcome to Troy; --- Now, by Anchiſes' Life, 
Welcome indeed: : | 


Aneas, as ſoon as ever he has return'd Diomede's Brave ſtops ſhort aud correQs himſelf for 
exprefling ſo much Fury in a Time of Truce; from the fierce Soldier becomes the Courtier 
at once; and, remembring his Enemy as a Gueſt and an Ambaſſador, welcomes him as ſuch 
to the Trojan Camp. This Correction, which I have here made, flight as it is, not only 
reſtores good Senſe, but admirably keeps up the Character. which as had before given 
to Agamemnom of his Trojan Nation, Page 27. 


Courtiers as free, as debonair, unarm'd, 

As bending Angels; that's their Fame in peace: 

But when they would ſeem Soldiers, they have Galls, 

Good Arms, ſtrong Fomts, true Swords, and Jove's Accord, 
Nothing ſo full of Heart. 


This Quotation obliges me to make a ſhort Stop, to ſet right the latter Part of this Paſ- ' 


ſage; whoſe Senſt is likewiſe bad, thro' a ſmall ect in the Pointing. Can the Poet be 
ſuppoſed to mean, that the Trojaus had Fove's Accord, whenever they would ſeem Soldiers? 
No; certainly he would intimate, that _— was ſo full of Heart as They, when that 
God did but ſhew himſelf on their Side. This reumſtance added, * no Impeachment 
to their Courage: Valour would become Preſumption aud — in them, if they truſted 
to it, When Fove manifeſtly declared himſelf on the other Side. It ought to be pointed and 
underſtood thus ; 


But when They meals ſages Soldiers, they have Galli, 
Good Arms, ſtrong Foints, true Swords ; and, Jove's Accord, 
Nothing ſo full of Heart. X 


Lp Fove's Accord, and Concurrence, ſeconding them, Nothing ſo full of Heart as 


XIX. Tzomus and Cres$IDA, Page 9. 


. Þ tell thee, I am mad 
In Creflid's love. Tos anſwer'ſt, ſhe is fair, 
Pour'ſt in the open ulcer of my Heart; 
Her eyes, her hair, her cheek, her gate, her voice 
Hondleft in thy diſcourſe --- O that! ber hand! -- 


Any Body with half au Eye muſt perceive the Pointing to be diſturb'd here; and that the Se- 
— at the End of the third Verſe quite deſtroys the Meaning of the Paſſage. Reſtore 
A mus; 


— 1 


| 
{ 
{ 
( 
i 


The APPENDIX, 
——— Itell thee, I am mad 
In Creſſid ? Love: Thog anſwer'ſt, She is fair; 
Pour ſt in the open Ulcer of my Heart 
Her Eyes, her Hair, her Cheek, her Gate, her Voice ; . 
Handleſt in thy Diſcourſe - O that! ber Hand! 


5. e. When I am already wounded to the Heart with her Beauties, you inflame my Wound 
with the Repetition and Praiſe of their Particulars; or to uſe the Poet's own Words in the 
Cloſe of the Speech; 


But ſaying thus, inflead of oil and balm, | 
Thou lay'ſt, in ev'ry Gaſh that Love has giv'n me, 
The Knife that made it. 


But I cannot diſmiſs the Paſſage, whoſe Pointing I have cur'd, without ſubjoining a Con- 
jecture on the laſt Line of it. ' 


Handleſt in thy Diſcourſe -- O that! her hand! 


1 have always (notwithſtanding the whole Set of printed Copies ſupport the Reading ;) ſuſ- 
pected this odd Inter jection of — - - O that! and cannot help thinking it is an in- 
elegant Break, as I am ſure it is an ill- ſounding one. Without departing very widely from the 
Letters of the Text, I muſt own I ſhould like it better, if it ſtood thus; 


Handleſt in thy Diſcourſe - how white her hand! 


And then, methinks, by the Repetition of the Term, the Verſe immediately following ac- 
quires a double Beauty. N : 6 


In whoſe Compariſon all whites are Ink, 
Writing their own Reproach! 
XX. CYMBELINE, Page 170. 
—————ſ You good Gods, 
Let what it here contain d reliſs of Love, 
Of my lords health, of his content, yet wot 
That we two are aſunder ; let that grieve him: 
Some Griefs are medicinable, that is one of them, 
For it doth phyſick love of his Content, 
All but in that. | 


Certainly this Paſſage could not be underſtood by the Editor, or he would never have poi 

it thus: The Foundation of the Speech is this: Imagen, a young Princeſs, receiving a = 
ter from her baniſh'd Lord whom ſhe paſſionately lov'd, before ſhe opens % Jo that the 
Contents of it may ſhew that her Lord till loves her, that he is in Health, that he taſtes 
Content: Yet, ſays She, as it were tecollecting her ſelf, let him not taſte a full and abſolute 
Content; let it give him ſome Grief, that Fate has divided Him and Me ; for That's a Grief 
which will exerciſe and W his Love; but in every other Circumſtance let him enjoy 
Content at Heart. This, I dare ſay, is directly the Author's Meaning; and that the Point- 
ing ought to be reſtored thus. 


— Nw 


Occaſiona ] 
Conjecture, 


The Like, 


. 


+ %- " <—_— - 


150 


The AP PEN D IX. 


—.——ʒ You good Gods, 
Let What is here contain d reliſh of Love, 
Of my Lord's Health, of his Content, (yet not, 
That We Two are aſunder; let That grieve Him: 
Some Griefs are med'cinable ; That is One of Them, 
. For it dgth phyſick Love.) -- of his Content, 
All but in That! 


Imogen, as it is very frequent with our Poet upon other Occaſions, breaks in upon the Thread 
of her own Addreſs to the Gods, interpoſes a Reflection, and moralizes upon it; and then 
reſumes the Subſtance of her Prayer at the very Words where She left it off. She catches 
herſelf up in the ſame manner in the very next Page. 


——gͥ Then, true Piſanio, 
Who long'ſt like Me to ſee thy Lord; who long'ſt, 
(0b! let me bate) -- but not like Me; yet long'ſt, 
But in a fainter kind: 0h! not like Me. 


XXI. Tixon of ATaENS, Page 52. - 1 


Tox Fools of Fortune, trencher-friends, time - flies, $3 4 eg 


Cap-and-knee Slaves, vapours, and minute-jacks 
Of man and beaſt; the infinite malady 
Cruſt you quite oer! 


I always ſuſpected the Pointing of this Paſſage; Mr. SnADwy E who alter'd this Play, 
ſeems not to have underſtood it, and therefore has left out Part. t in what Senſe were 
theſe ungrateful Senators Minute-Facks of Man and Beaſt? The Poet juſt before calls them 
Vapours, and I dare ſay means to inforce that Image, by ſaying they were Facks not of a 
Minute's Truſt, or Dependance. Then what does : 

Something following to give us a clearer Idea of it? I am in no Doubt, but the Poet ought 
to be reſtor'd thus; 


Tow Fools of Fortune, Trencher-friends, Time-flies, 
Cap»and-knee Slaves, Vapours, and Minnte-yjacks, -- 
Of Man and Beaſt the infinite Malady | L 


Cruſt You quite oer 
® Perhaps, Took. 


i. e. May the whole Catalogue, the infinite Number of Diſtempers that have ever invaded 
either Man or Beaſt, all de ſoin d to plague Lou. 


XXII. Bid. Page 54. 
———; Slaves and fools 
Pluck the grave wrinkled Senate from the bench, 3 
And miniſter in their ſteadt to general filths. | 
Convert o th inſtant, green, Virginity, 
Do't in your parents eyes, 
This Polly is ſo disfurniſh'd of all Senſe by the bad Pointing, that I am willing to think it 
One of Thoſe which were never reviſed by the Editor. Tis true, the old Copies are faulty 


too in the 1 if Mr, Pops had caſt his Eye on Mr. SHADWELL here, he would 
not have wanted Direction for reforming it in Part. Reſtore the whole thus; 


Haves 


e infinite Malady ſignify, without. 


* 
KF FJ © EST 


The APPENDIX 151 
9 Slaves and Fools, 
Pluck the grave wrinkled Senate from the Bench, 
And miniſter in their Steads. -- To gen'ral Filths 
Convert 0'th'inſtant, green Virginity; 
Do't in your Parents Eyes. 


5. e. You Virgins, that are ſcarce ripe for Man, turn at once ſuch ſhameleſs Proſtitutes, as 
to commit Whoredom even before your Parents faces. 


XXIII. CoxroLanus, Page 107. The Like. 
All the contagion of the ſouth light on you, 
You ſhames of Rome; you herds; of boils and Plagues 
Plaiſter you o'er, that you may be abhorr'd 
Farther than ſeen, --- ; | 
Here, again, the old Copies are defeQive in the Pointing, by which the Senſe is ſo maim'd, 


that this too muſt be a Paſſage which either was not revis'd * Poes, or in which he 
would not indulge his private Senſe to make it intelligible. . Dexx1s, who has alter'd 


this Play, was obliged, by a different Diſpoſition of the Fable, to leave out this Paſſage, 


— 


otherwiſe, 1 am perſuaded, there would have been no Room for my making a Correction 
upon it. e meaneſt Jud es of Exgliſb muſt be aware, that no Member of any Sentence 


can begin with a Genitive Caſe, and a preceding Nominative be wanting to govern That and 


the Verb. Where, therefore, is the Nominative to - of Boils and Plagnes plaiſter You 0 er ? 
Or what Senſe or Syntax is there in the Paſſage, as it now ſtands? Reſtore it without the 


leaſt Doubt, 
All the Contagion of the South light on you, 
You Shames of Rome, You! - Herds of Boils and Plague 
Plaiſter you ver, that you may be abhorr'd 
Farther than ſeen! ! 


It is not infrequent with SHAKESPEARE to redouble his Pronouns, as in this Place; So, 


ANDRONICUS, Page 513. 
Ob, why ſbonld Wrath be mute, and Fury dumb? 
I am no Baby, I; that with baſe Pray'rs 
I ſhould repent the Evil I have done: 


So, Romeo and JULIET, Page 290. 
Mens Eyes were made to look, and let them gaze; 
I will not budge for no Man's Pleaſure, I. 


And fo in a Number of Inſtances more. 


XXIV. Vid. Page 128. | The Like; 
8 This, as you ſay, ſuggeſted 
At ſome time, when his ſoaring inſolence 
Shall teach the people, which (time ſhall not want 
If he be put upon't, and that's as eafie, 
As to ſet dogs on ſheep) will be the fire 
To kindle their dry ſtubble ; and their blaze 
Shall darken him for ever. 


"| Thee APPENDIX, 


As in the laſt Inſtance a Nominative was wanting to the Verb, ſo, on the other hand, ” this 
Paſlageis pointed, we have a Redundance; for Both the Pronouns, this and which, ſtand as 
Nonuuatives to will be. The whole Paſſage ouyht to be rectiſied thus; 


—— This, as you ſay, ſuggeſted | *. 
At ſome Time, when his ſoaring Inſolence od , 
Shall teach the People, (which Time ſhall not ant, 7 
If He be put upon't; and That's as eaſy * 
9 As to ſet Dogs on Sheep: will be the Fire 
3 > þ To kindle their dry Stubble ; and their Blaze 
nn Shall darken him for ever. 
There is one Word, however, / ſtill in this Sentence, which, notwithſtanding the Concur- 
rence of the printed Copies, I ſuſpe& to have admitted a ſmall! Corruption. y ſhould it 


Conjecture, 
* be imputed as a Crime to Coriolanus, that he was prompt to teach the People? or how was 
it any ſoaring Inſolence in a Patrician to attempt this? I believe rather that the Poet wrote; 


—.—g When his ſoaring Inſolence 
8 Sball reach the People, g 
#. e, When it ſhall extend to impeach the Conduct, or touch the Character of the People. 


* 


XXV. AnTONY and CLEOPATRA, p. 410. 


The Like, 
+=----» Look you, ſad friends: 
The Gods rebuke me, but it is a tiding 
To waſh the eyes of Kings. 6 
Plutarch This Speech is made by Odavius Ceſar, on * Dercetas's bringing him Word of Antony's 
—— Death, and bringin the Sword hich be hed drawn forth from. his Wounds. ls there any 


wary OR Reaſon in This, why O&4avixs ſhould call his Friends ſad friends? The Poet's Senſe, me- 
tacus. Bur this thinks, is very obvious, and the Cure eaſy. Octavius enjoins his Friends to be concern'd at 
Play is the News; and tells them it is a Calamity, that ought to draw Tears even from the Eyes of 


faulty mt Princes. Correct therefore, 


proper Names : 
We meet with non. Look You ſad, Friends: --= 
—_ = The Gods rebule me, but it is a Tiding 
for Taurus, So- To waſh the Eyes of Kings. «61 
ſius for Soſſius, 

——— for XXVI. juris Cæsax, p. 263. 

Bockus for Our reaſons are ſo full of good regard, 
Bocchus, = \T hat were you Antony the Son of Cæſar, 
— You ſhould be ſatisfied. 


The Like, The true Pointing of this Place muſt likewiſe be obvious at the firſt View, but the Neglect of 
: it puts ſuch a Change upon our Poet's Senſe, that it makes him ſappoſe Ceſar had a Son 


..whoſe Name was Antony; a Point of Hiſtory altogether new to the World, It muſt be 
_ \-nctared; | 


That were Du, Antony, the Son of Ceſar, 
Es You ſhould be ſatisfied. | 2 | 

L XXVII. Another Negligence of this Sort occurs in the MERCHANT of VENICE, by 
| mp which a Civilian and Pl is turn'd into a Lord, p:68. | ' 


Duke. Came You from Padua, from Bellario? 
Ner. From both: my Lord Bellario greets your Grate. ' 
Tie 


f 


ne 


The APPENDIX, 153 


The Duke within half a Page above tells us the Profeſſion of this Be/lario, and that, unlefs 
he comes, he may by his own Power put off the Tryal. 


Upon my Power I may diſmiſs this Court, 
Unleſs Bellario, à learned DOCTOR, 
Whem I have ſent for to determine Thit, 
Come here to day. - | 


The Paſſage before Us, therefore, muſt be reſtored thus; 


Duke. Came Dos from Padua, from Bellario? 
Ner. From Both, my Lord: --- Bellario greets your Grace. 


XXVIII. As in the laſt Paſſage, by the falſe Pointing, a Doctor of Laws was promoted The Like. 
to the Peerage; ſo in King LxAx, by the ſame Accident, a Phyſician riſes to the ſame Honour, 
P. 93. 


Cor del Then be it ſo. 
My Lord, how does the King ? 
Phyſ. Madam, ſleeps till. 
Cordelia entring with the Earl of Ken and the King her Father's Phyſician, deſires Kemr to 
ſhift out of his Diſguiſe ot Servitude; who begging to go his own way a little longer, Cor- 


delia conſents it ſhall be as his Lordſhip pleaſes; and then addrefſing herſelf to the Phyſician, 
enquires after her Father's Health. It ought to be reſtor'd thus; 


Cord Then be it ſo, 
My Lord. How does the King? 
Phy. +==---- Madam, ſleeps ſtill. 


XXIX. But before I diſmiſs the Errors of falſe Pointing, I'll produce one Inſtance of The Like, and 
more Importance; becauſe it is plain the Editor has not made common Senſe of it; and be- Emendation. 
cauſe, I believe, it has never yet been underſtood by any body, ſince the firft Corruption of 
it in the old Copies. 


CYMBELINE, p. 181. 


————g Would you in their ſerving, 

And with what imitation you can borrow 

From youth of ſuch a ſeaſon, before Lucius 
3 Preſent yourſelf, deſire his ſervice; tell bim 

Wherein you're happy, which will make bim KNOW, 

| If that bis head have ear in muſick, doubtleſs 

With joy he will embrace yon; : 
It is evident, I ſay, that this Paſſage is faulty both in the Pointing and the T'ext. Which will 
make him know - -- What? --- What Connection has This with the reſt of the Senrence* 
Surely, SHAKESPEARE can't be ſuſpected of ſo bald a Meaning as This; If you'll tell bim 
wherein youre 7780 that will make him know wherein you're happy : - and yet This is the 
only Meaning, I think, the Words can carry, as - now ſtand. In ſhort, I take the Poet's 
Senſe to be 1 his. Piſanio tells Imogen, if ſhe would diſguiſe herſelf in the Habit of a Youth, 
preſent herſelf before Lucius the Roman General, offer her Service, and tell him wherein ſhe 
was happy, i. e. what an excellent Talent ſhe had in Singing, he would certainly be glad to 
receive her. Afterwards in p. 196, 7. Bellarins and Arvirages, talking of Imogen, givethis 
Deſcription of her. 

Bell. This Youth, howe'er diſtreſi'd, appears to have had 
Coo Anceſtors. 
Arvy. -- How Angel-like be ſings! Y I 


154 


The APPENDIX. 


doubt not therefore but, upon this Foundation, the entire Paſſage ought to be reſtored thus, 


Tranſpoſitions. 


—— Would you in their Serving, 
And with what Imitation you can borrow 
From Youth of ſuch a Seaſon, before Lucius 
Preſent your ſelf, deſire his Service, tell him 
Wherein You're happy; (which will make him 809, % och 91 


| If that his Head have Ear in Myſich,) doubtleſy , PAL Orin 


With Foy he will embrace You: 


XXX, I muſt now paſs over to another Species of Errors, . not infec 5 * this Editi 
which I cannot otherwiſe diſtinguiſh than by the Tit le of Fr bee. | ion, 


ranſpoſitions; that is, either 


where the Verſes are ſo tranſpoſed and taken to Pieces, that the Numbers are unneceſſarily 


: ” 


disjointed; where wrong Names have been prefix d to the Parties ſpeaking, or Parts of Sen- 


tences plac'd to one Speaker, that ought to belong to the 
Directions are either miſplac'd, or erroneouſly adopted into the Text. 


erfon an ng; or where Stage- 


ſhgll content my 


ſelf with very few Inſtances, in preſent, of each Sort, becauſe I am haſtening to conclude; 
en antes and becauſe this Work has already ſwell'd beyond the Size of a reaſonable Specimen. 
of N —— The diſmounting a few Verſes, indeed, where the Senſe of them remains unbroken, is 
not a matter of the greateſt Conſequence; yet, I think, ought not to have been done, where 
it is altogether unneceſſary, and — eaſily be prevented. I ſhall quote but two Examples, 
and oo. 8 out of the ſame Play; where 'tis plain there was no Occaſion for break - 


TRo1LUs and CREsSIDA, Page 38. 
Hector. Brether, She is not worth 


Troil. 


What She doth coſt the holdiag. 
What's ought, but as tis valued. 


Here are three Hemiſtichs made out of Words that, with a very flight Variation, naturally 
fall into two compleat Verſes. | THERE! 


He&. Brother, She is not worth what She doth coſt 


The holding. 


Troil. ----- What is anght, but as "tis valued? 


So again, afterwards, Page 89. | 


Ene. 
Achil. 


Tit done like Hector, but ſecurely Aue, ; 


A little proudly, and great deal miſprizing 


The Knight oppos d. 7 | 
If not Achilles, Sir, what is your Name? 
If not Achilles, nothing. 


Here two Hemiſtichs are made by a Break in the Verſification altogether unneceſſary: Re- 
ſtore the Numbers thus; | ky 7 


Achil. 


"Ts done like Hector, but ſecurely done, 
A little proudly, and great deal miſprizmg 
The Knight oppos'd. 

+ i Nehles, , A 
What is your Name ? taker ed ond f won Sor 
--- If not Achilles, nothing. > aer 


The APPENDIX. 155 


XXXI. Tntox of ATHENS, Page 68, 9. f 72 
Tim. Mall thou wert clean enoagh to ſpit upon. | Avg 


Apem. A Plague on thee. Thom art too bad to curſe. 


It ſeems clear to Me that the Diviſion of theſe Speeches is miſtaken: There js ſuch a Con- 
tradition in Senſe in the ſecond Line. If Timon was too bad to curſe, why then does 
Apemantus curſe him? I think, it would be more reaſonableto ſplit the Speeches thus; 

0 * 


Tim. Would Tbos wert clean enough to ſpit upon. 
II Plague on Thee! --- | 
Apem. - Thox art tos bad to curſe, 


XXXII. Tirus AxDRONICUS, Page 497. . 3 
Aaron. Touch not the Boy, he is of royal Blood. * #4 | _ 
Luc. Too like the Sire for ever being good. 
Firſt hang the Child, that he may ſee it ſprall, 
y A Sight to vex the father”s Soul withal. 
Aaron. Get me a Ladder, Lucius, ſave the Child; &c. 


Why ſhould Aaron, the Moor, here ask for a Ladder, who earneſtly wanted to have his 
Child ſav'd? Unleſs the Poet is ſuppos'd to mean for Aaron, that i they would get him a 
Ladder, he would reſolutely hang himſelf out of the Way, ſo they would ſpare the Child. 
But I much rather ſuſpect there is an old Error in prefixing the Names of the Perſons, and 


that it ought to be corrected thus; 


Aar. Touch not the Boy, he is of royal Bod. 
Lac. Too like the Sire for ever being good. 

Firſt hang the Child, that he may ſee it ſprall, 
A Sight to vex the Father's Sonl withal. 
Get me a Ladder. --- 

Aar. Lucius, ſave the Child; &c. 
XXXIII. TrRoiLUs and CREssDaA, Page 89. be Lite. 
Which way would Hector bave it? 

ne. He cares not; He'll obey Conditions. 
AGAM. Tis done like Hector, but ſecurely dane, 

A little proudly, and great deal miſprizing 
r The Kmnight oppos d. | 


Ene. If not Achilles, Sir, 
I bat is your Name 
Achill. If not Achilles, Nothing. 


Ene. Therefore, Achilles; bat whate'er, know this, 
In the Extremity of great and little | 
Valour and Pride excel themſelves in Hector. F 


I muſt confeſs I could not read this Paſſage at firſt without ſtopping, and a Sufpicion that the 
Names of the Characters were not all rightly prefix'd to theſe Speeches. lt ſeem'd very ab- 

ſurd to Me, however the Editor has taken it upon Content, that Agamenmmros ſhould make a 
Reqnark to the Diſparagement of Hector for Pride, and that Aweas ſhould immediately ſay, 

If not Achilles, Sir, what is your Name? and then deſire him to take Notice that Hecłor was 
as void of Pride as he was full of Valour. he oo Achilles to take Notice of This, if it 
ride in Hecter's Teeth? I was fully ſatiſ- 
fied 


was Agamemnon that threw this Imputation * 
2 


155 


The Like, 


The APPENDI X: 


fied that this Reproach on Hector ought to be plac'd to Achilles: And conſulti N 
DEN's Alteration of this Play, (which, I ſappaſe Mr. Porz did not look m7 — — 
publiſhing Shakeſpeare,) I was not a little pleas'd to find that I had but ſeconded the Opinion 
of That Great Man in this Point: Correct the Paſſage therefore, 3 ps 


Am. Which Way wonld Hector have iz? 
Eneas. He cares nat; He'll obey Conditions. | 
ACHIL. Tis done like Hector, bat ſecurely done; 


„ en 4186 


| A little proudly, &c. 885 
XXXIV. MEASURE for MEASURE, Page 325. "A 7 Ea o F A Y 
Lucio. Behold, behold, where Madam Mitigation comet. 


I have purchasi'd as many Diſeaſes under her Roof 
— As come to | | * 
zd. Gent. To what, pray? | | AS 20 
Lucio. Fadge. --- SY | 
24. Geng. To three thouſand Dollars @ Year. 
iſt, Ay, and more. | 
Lucio. ' A French Crown more. 
| Iſt. Gent. Thou art always figuring Diſeaſes in Me; but Thou art full of Error; I am 
ſound. | | | 


Not to dwell upon Explanation here, whoever reads this Paſſage but once over, I dare ſay, 
will be convinc'd from the laſt Speech in it quoted, that all which is plac'd to L cio in his 


. firſt Speech could never be intended to belong to him, It muſt be reſtor'd, as the Senſe of 


the Context requires. | 


Lucio. Behold, behold, where Madam Mitigation comes. 
. iſt. Gent. I have purchas'd as many Diſeaſes under her Roof, 


At come to, &c. 


XXXV. Tum of the SurEw, Page 317. 
Hort. Pll watch you better yet. 
In time I may believe, yet I miſtruſt. 
Bian. Miftraſt it not: For ſure Eacides 
Was Ajax, call d ſo from his Grandfather. © © 
I muſt believe my Maſter, elſe I promiſe Pa, &c. 


Here, indeed, the Names are ſo ſhuffled and diſplaced, that I muſt be obliged to explain the 
Buſineſs of the Scene, before 1 can convince that there has been a manifeſt 7ranſpoſition. 
Bianca is courted by two Gentlemen, Hortenſio and Lacentio, who make Way for their Ad- 
dreſſes under the Diſguiſe of Maſters, the One to inſtru@ her in Latine, the other in Mu- 
fick. Lacentio, as he is v her Language, informs her who he is, and to what Pur- 

ſe he comes: She ſays, She'll conſtrue the Leſſon her ſelf, and, in ſo doi tells him, 
She does not know him, does not truſt him, bids him take Heed that Hortewfe? o not over- 
hear them, and neither to preſume, nor to deſpair. Hortenfio is jealous that Lacentio is, 
like himſelf, a Lover in Diſguiſe, and ſays he'll watch Him. After this, Bianca and La- 
centio proceed in theit Diſcourſe, under Colour of continuing the Leſſon; and there is no 


doubt dut that the Speeches ought to be diſtinguiſh'd thus; 


* 


Hort - 
. - 
d U 
e 


_—_ FF: * a a7 . ls. Mt 


The XPP EN DIX. 157 
1 | 


Hort. Fil watch You better yet. 
"© BIAN. "In Time I may believe; yet I miſtruſt. [To Luc. 
LUC. Miſtraſt it not: ---- for ſure Eacides 
Was Ajax, calÞd ſo from his Grandfather. 
BIAN. I muſt believe my Maſter, elſe &c. 


XXXVI. AxToxy and CLEOPATRA, Page 31 $50 u K The Like. 
Char. Our worſer thoughts heav'n mend. TITS SS 
ALEX. Come, his fortune, his fortune. O let him marry a Woman that cannot go, ſwee; 
Ifis, I beſeech thee, and let hey die too, and give him a worſe, &c. 88 


This I dare pronounce to be ſo palpable, and ſignal a Tranſpoſition, that cannot but wonder 
it ſhould flip the Editor's Obſervation. Alexas brings a Fortune-Teller to [ras and Char- 
mian, Cleopatra's Women, and ſays himſelf, He'll know all our Fortunes. Well; the Sooth- 
ſayer begins with the Women, and ſome Joakes paſs upon the Subject of Husbands and 
Chaſtity after which, as I apprehend, the Women hoping for the Satisfaction of havin 

Something to laugh at in A/exas's Fortune, call to him to hold out his Hand, and wiſh ater 
= may have the Prognoſtication of Cuckoldom upon him: Reſtore therefore the Paſ- 

e: 


Char. Our worſer Thoughts Heav'n mend! Alexas, come, his fortune, his fortune. 


I think, there needs no ſtronger Proof of this being a true Correction, than this Obſervation 
which Alexas immediately ſubjoins on their Wiſhes and Zeal to hear him abuſed. - 


' Alex. Lo mow! if it lay in their hands to make me a Cuckold, they would male them- 
ſelves Whores, but they'd dy't! 


XXXVII. The Epitor has complain'd in his Preface, Page 18. that, often in the old irecti 
Impreſſions, the Notes of Direction to the Property-Men — their Moveables and to the —— 2 — 
Players for their Extries, are inſerted into the Text, thro' the Ignorance of the Tranſeribers. the Text. 

I am afraid, he has not taken Care to remove all theſe _ nſertions; and ] believe the 
Inſtance I am about to ſubjoin will be determined One of Thoſe which ought not to have 
eſcap'd his Obſervation. | | 1 


MaczerTn, Page 594. 
I 'gin to be a weary ef the Sun, | 
And wiſh the State o'th'World were now undone, 8 
Ring the alarum- bell, „% wind, come Mracl, 
At leaſt we'll dye with Harneſs on our Bel. 


Macbeth, ſeeing that he cannot be ſafe within his Fortifications, reſolves to iſſue + upon 
the Enemy. Bat in a beſieg d Town, is it ever cuſtomary to order an Alar r Sally ; 
by the ringing of a Bell? Or rather is not this Bufineſs always done by Beat of- Drom?. $3.50 
Hiermymus Magin, 1 know, in an accurate and ſcarce Tract of his upon the Antiquity > 
and various Uſe of BEeLLs, ſpeaks, among the reſt, of a Tintinnabulum Caltrenſe, or Great 
Bell uſed in Camps. Within the Period of Chriſtianity, ſays He, and after Great Bells 
« obtain'd in Churches, the Commanders of Armies employ'd Such a One llung in a Wood- 
« en Turret at the Top of a large Chariot; which Chariot was always plac'd hear the: Pa. 
« yilion, and every day, at the Rifing and Setting of the Sun, this Bell was rung out as 2 
Notice to the Army to Frome their Devotions ; inſtead of Sounding the Charge, likewiſe 
„the Soldiers were call'd to Arms by this Bell; and in the Battle, it was p aced in the 
„Middle of the Army, and defended with the ſame Care as they are uſed to do a Standarg 
The Author concludes his Account of this Military Bell, with ſaying, Thee if any other Ne- 


trons 


158 


Stage · Directi- 
on tranſpos d. 


to be uſher'd into the Scene by the Sound of : 
Fhuuriſb. The Truth of the Caſe is this; whenever a King enters or goes off with his Court 


74 Pies, by eye 


tions, beſides the Italians, made uſe of ſuch a Machine in their C amps, it was more than he 


knew. * We may dare aſſert, at leaſt, that it never found an Introduction into Scotland; and 
that therefore the Poet could not make Macbeth employ it, inſtead of the cuſtomary Way of 


ditecting a Charge upon the Enemy. 


In ſhort, I believe theſe Words were a Szage-Diredion crept from the Margin into the Text 
thro the laſt Line but One being deficient without them, occafion'd probably by a Cut that 
had been made in the Specch by the Actors. They were a Memorandum to t Promptor 
to ring the Alarum: bell, i. e. the Bell, perhaps at that Time uſed, to warn the Tragedy-Dram 
aud 7rxapets to be ready to ſound an Alarm: And what contiems me in this Suſpicion, is 
that for the four Pages immediately following, it is all along quoted in the Margin, Alarum ; 
Fight, aud Alarum; Alarums continued. SM J 

41 may be objected, ind to this Obſervation of mine, that the ſame Expreſſion is to be 
met with before in this very Play; and therefore we muſt examine that Paſſage; 


Ibid. Page 543. P iz 97 | 
Macd. Ring the Alarum Belt - Murther, and Treaſon ! 
Banquo, and Donalbaine! Malcolme! awake! 


I do not diſpute theſe Words here being a genuine Part of the Text ; becauſe the Reaſon for 
them is very different. The Scene is in Macbeth's Caſtle at Inverneſs ; whither the King goes 
to pay a Viſit. Macduff riſes early, being ſo order'd, to call up the King; and diſcovering 
him to be murther'd, orders the Bell to be rang out, to wake his Maſter's Sons, and the 


. reſt of the Court, to apprize them of the diſmal Accident. The Bell was entirely proper 


upon this Occaſion; as it is, to this day, employ'd in great Houſes to call together Aſſiſtance 


in Caſes of Thieves or Fire, 


XXXVIII. We come now to a Stage-Dire&ion very unluckily miſplaced ; in which the 
Editor ſeems to have been miſled by the ſmall Edition, formerly publiſh'd by Mr. Tonſon, 
for want of a competent Knowledge of the Cuftoms of the Stage. 


Second Part of K. Hexry VI. Page 120. ; PILES 
© "FLOURISH. Eater Mather Jordan, Hume, Southwel, and Bolingbroke. 


This is the firſt Inſtance, as I take it, where 2 and A Walde by. 1 ed 
T > 


it is the conſtant Practice of the Stage to flouriſſh him on and off. In the Scene immediately 
preceding This of the Conjurers, K. Heury VI. and his Court are upon the e; and 
when they quit it, in the ſecond foſio Edition, and other old Books, we find it mark'd thus, 


as it moſt certainly ought to be reſtor'd ; 


Flouriſh. Exeunt. | 
Enter Mother Jordan, Hume, Southwel, ad Bolingbroke. +. 


As the Editor, in the above laſtance, committed a Miſtake by ——— the older Co- 


A f can point out another Place, in which he has err ſome of thoſe Co- 
pies; I believe, Word 7 * f it 5 ght by no Means to be admitted. f 


K. RicyARD III. Page 349. The Court. 


FLOURISH. . Enter King Edward SICK, the Queen, &c. 


This i ming Inſtance of the Theatrical Cuſtom, as I above hinted, of foxriſbing 
2006 K: — and But certainly this Guſtom ĩs maſt abſurdly maintain d in * Paz 
The King is here brought in ſock, nay, and to ſuch a Degree, l upon his very Entrance, 
he ſays, he expects every day to be releaſed from Life. Can Trampers be proper under this 


Circumſtance? The Stage generally takes its Rules from the W orld, and *tis known, 2 — 


» An ate Nationes, prater Italos, huju/modi Curru in Caftris uterentur, mihi adbuc eſt incognitum. 


_— - ae a. a. 


If 
C 
A 
F 
b 


the 


The APPENDIX. 


ever a King is ſick, all Martial Sounds are forbid at Court, and even the Guard ate teliev'd 
without Beat of Drum. | 


159 


XXXIX. The Editor (who tells us, that in the oldeſt Folio Edition, where the Acts and Diviſion of an 


Scenes are firſt diſtinguiſh'd, they were divided according as they play d them, often where 
there was no Pauſe in the Action, or where they thought fit to make a Breach in it) has ſome - 
times taken Care to regulate the Sh»fiizgs and Tranſpoſitions of the Scenes, and rectify the 
injudicious Diviſions of the A#s : But this Part of Criticiſm does not diſplay irfelf thro the 
whole Work. I ſhall ſubjoin one * for Example, in which he ſeems to haye em- 
ploy'd none of this Skill in marking the Diviſion of an 44, viz. the End of the Second 
Ad of King Jonx, Page 145. Tis true, he errs here in following the old Coples; as he 
did, in the la 

thar, and Lord Salisbry, are upon the Scene; Conſtance bids Salrsbwrry be gone, and leave her 
to her Woes: He tells her, he muſt not go without her to the two Kings of England and 
France. She abſolutely refuſes to go with him; ſays, her Sorrow ſhall keep its State, and the 
Kings may come to it. Her concluding Lines are theſe; WEN PC 


. For my Grief's ſo great, 
That no Supporter, but the huge firm Earth, 
Can hold it up. Here I and Sorrow fit; 
Here is my Throne; bid Kings come bow to it. 


It is evident, I think, beyond Contradiction, that Conſtantia here, in her Deſpair, ſeats 
her ſelf upon the Floor ot the Stage: And can ſhe be ſuppoſed immediately to re again, on- 
ly to go off and end the Act decently? And if ſhe does not, how can the AQ end here? 

here is but one other Method for it; and that is, of the foremoſt flat- ſcene ſhutting her in 
from the Sight of the Audience, an Abſurdity never once practiſed by SHAKESPEARE. , In 
the very next Scene which follows, and ſtands as the firſt Scene of the Third Act, the Kings 
are introduc'd, and Conftantie is likewiſe upon the Stage, and ſpeaks within eight Lines of 
the Scene's beginning, We muſt therefore either ſuppoſe an Unity of the zwo Scenes, and 
that They come in to her ſo ſoon as ſhe fits down on the Floor; or rather, (which I think 
has been an Opinion of long Standing,) that an intermediate Scene or two have been loſt, 
whereby we cannot now be certain how the Act ended; and that an Hiatus in Maunſeripto 
ought to be mark d to ſignify the Imperfection. . 


XL. The faulty Paſſages which I have hitherto alledged, I think, are moſtly ſuch, as cal 
led for the Aſſiſtance of Fadgment to ſet them right: There are other Places again, which are 
corrupted in our Author, that are to be cur'd by a ſtrict Attention to the Author himſelf, 
and by taking Hiſtory along with us, wherever his Subject is b:torical. Diligence in this 
Reſpect is certainly the Duty of an Editor: And yet that a due Care, even in this Part, Has 
been hitherto wanting, the Inſtances I am now going to ſubjoin will manifeſtly prove. 


MiD$SUMMER NicaTt's DREAu, Page y. | 
Did'ft Thou not lead him thro' the glimm'ring Night 
From PEREGENIA, whom he raviſhed? 


Mr. Por confeſſes in his Preface; that No owe is more 4 M. the Poetical Story 

bas more 7 — Alluſions zo the IONS Parts of it than — It — be — 

and the Paſſage before us is a ſignal Inſtance. He touches upon a minute Circumſtance in 

a Story of 3 — — 4 —— old Claſſicks tell us of fuch a Perſon as 
eregenta, With whom that Hero had an ir: Reſtore therefore the Pl 

thority of the Greek Writers. | 9 

1 Did ſt thou wet lead bim thro the glimm'ring Night 

From PERIGUNE, whom he raviſhed? © 


Here 


it Inſtance but one, by contradicting them. The Lady Conſtance, her Son Ar- 


Act miſtaken. 


Faults of Ina. 
vertence. 


* Page 10. 


160 The APPENDIX, 


Here we have the Name of a famous Lady, by whom Theſexs had his Son elanipp 

She was the Daughter of Sinnit, the cruel *Robver, and — of Pallene. in the 
Iſthmus ; and PLUTARCH and ATHENE&Us are Both expreſs in the Circumſtance of Theſeus's 
raviſhing her, which is ſo exactly copied by our Poet. The former of Them adds, (as Diodo- 
rus Sicalus, Apollodorus, and Pauſaniat, likewiſe tell us,) that be kill'd her Father into the 


The Like. XLI. K. Jonx, Page 139. 
For ANGIERS, and fair Touraine, Maine, Poictiers, 
And all that We upon this Side the Sea, 
Except this City nou by xs belieg'd, 
Find liable, &c. 


Here we have an Inſtance of the like Careleſneſs in a Point of Ezghfo Hiſtory. King 
Fobn conſenting to match the Lady Blanch with the Dauphin, agrees, in Part of her Dowry, 
to give up all he held in Frauce, except the City of Angiers, which he now beſieg'd, and laid 
Claim to. How can ir be thought then, that he ſhould at one and the ſame Time give up all 
except Angiers, and give up That too? The Error is tranſmitted from the old Copies, and 
muſt be corrected thus; ; 


Fer ANJOU, and fair Touraine, &c. 


This was one of the Provinces, as Mr. Pope might have remember'd, which the Exgl/o 
held in Fraxce, and which the French King by Chatilion claim'd of K. Jobe in Right of © 
Arthur, at the very opening of the Play, Page 116. a 


— Poitiers, ANJOU, Tonraine, Maine. 


Occaſional E- But Axgiers, inſtead of Anjou, has been printed in more Places than That already quoted; 
mendations, and ſome other Errors been tranſmitted down to boot. See Page 129. 


Auſt. King LEWIS, determine what we fhall do ſtreigbt. 
LEWIS: Women and Fools, break off your Conference. 
King John, this is the very Sum of All: 
England and Ireland, ANGIERS, Touraine, Maine, ? 
Iz right of Arthur do I claim of thee: 
Wilt Thou reſign them, and lay down thy Arms? 
K. John. My Life, as ſoon. I do defy thee, FRANCE. 


Here again, inſtead of Augiert, we muſt reſtore ANJOU. But who is it makes this 
Claim _ the Exgliſh King? "Tis lain, both from the Verſe. quoted of the Duke of 
Anſtria's Speech, and from the other of K. John's, that the King of France was the Deman- 
dant. But the King of France's Name was not Lewis. In both Lines therefore where 


Lewis is printed, it muſt be reſtor d PHILIP. 


The Like. XLII. Win. Under what Captain ſerve you? 
K. Hen. Luder Sir JOHN Erpingham. 
Wil. A good old Commander, &c. 


again d our Poet's Text are made to diſagree; nor was there any ſuch Gen- 

— as 81 7442 2 in Being in K. Henry Wu Reigu: Reſtore it, as it ought 

to be; L bike . 
Will. Unger what C aptain ſerve you? 

EK. Hen. Luder Sir THOMAS Erpingham, &c. * 


9 F © WV 


The APPENDIX. 


This is one of the Characters introduc'd in the Play; and he entring but three Pages before, 
the King ſalutes him thus; 1 


Good Morrow, old Sir THOMAS Erpingham : 
A good ſoft Pillow for that good white Head 
Were better than a churliſh Turf of France. 


That this was his Name, we have the Authority of our Chronicles; and They, and our 


Poet from them, in his Richard II. Page 121, tell us, that Sir Thomas —— bam was One 
of thoſe _ embark'd from Bretagne to eſpouſe the Intereſt of Boling the Father of 
K. Henry V. 


XLIII. L,. Page 475. 
Alarum. Enter K. Henry and BOURBON with Priſoners, Lords, &c. 


This is likewiſe an Error tranſmitted from the Old to the Modern Editions ; Bourbon was 
one of the French Party, and therefore could not make a Part of K. Hemry's Train. Re- 
ſtoxe it; | 


Alarm. Euter K. Henry, ana GLOUCESTER, with Priſoners, &c. 


But may it not be ſaid, that Bourbon is brought in here amongſt the French Priſoners > To 
This, I reply, that our Poet would hardly have introduc'd a Character of that Dignity, crowd- 
ed him amongſt the common Priſoners, and neither made him ſpeak to the ing, nor the 
King to him. Beſides, I have another Exception yet ſtronger to add, why Bourbon cannot 
be ſuppoſed to enter here: In a few Pages after, (viz. Page 4$1.) the King asks the Duke 
of Exeter (who enter d with him, and had been all along in the Preſence) what Priſoners of 
Rank were taken, and Exeter replies; 


Charles Dxke of Orleans, Nephew to the King; 
John Date af BOURBON, and Lord Bouchiquald. 


I ſubmit it therefore to the moſt common Judgments, whether tis probable, if Bourdon was 
among the Priſoners introduc% in the King's Train, that the Duke of Exeter could have 
been guilty of ſuch an Abſurdity, to tell the King that Bourbon was taken Priſoner, 


XLIV. Firſt Part of K. HEXRY VI. Page 17. 
Winch. How now, ambitions UMPIRE, what means This? 


Theſe Words are ſpoken by the Biſhop of Wincheſter to the Duke of Glonceſter, who is 

forcing his Way into the Tower to ſurvey it. But why, Umpire? or, of what? Glomreſter 

was Protector of the Realm in the King's — but not an Umpire in any particular Matter 

that We know of. I am perſuaded the Dake's Chriſtian Name lurks under this Corruption, 

—_—_ wy Traces of the Letters convince me that our Poet wrote, as it ought certainly to 
ceſtor'd. 


Winch. How now, ambitions HUMPHREY, what means This? 


XLV. Second Part of K. HEXRT VI. Page 117. 
Sim. God knows of pure Devotion, being call'd 
A hundred Times, and oftner, in my Slrep, 
By good St. Alban; who ſaid, SIMON, come, 
Come, offer at my Shrine, and I will help thee , 


” IC The 


The Like, 


The Like. 


The APPENDIX. 


The Editions here again are at Odds with the Hiſtory. Why, Simon? The Chronicles, that 
take Notice of the Duke of Gloxceſter's detecting this pretended Miracle, tell us, that the 
Impoſtor, who aſſerted Himſelf to be cur'd of Blindneſs, was call'd Sawnder Simpcox. -- - 
Simon is therefore a Corruption, thro' the Negligence of the Copyiſts; and we muſt reſtore 
it, 
— ——g Who ſaid, SIMPCOX, come, 
Come, offer at my Shrine, and I will help thee. 


But we have no need of going back to Chronicles to ſettle this Point, fince our Poet, in the 
very next Page, gives us the Fellow's Names, which correſpond with the Hiſtory. 


Glouc. What's thine own Name? ö | 
Simp. Saunder Simpcox, an” if it pleaſe you, Maſter. i 
Glouc. Saunder, /it there, &c. | 


XLVI. 1bid. Page 132. 
The Fifth was EDWARD Langley, Dake of York. 


Having an Eye to Hiſtory, as I hinted before, would eafily have diſcover'd an Error in the 
Copies here, and that the paſſage ought to be reſtor'd; | 


The Fifth was EDMOND Langley, Duke of York. 


The Poet is here enumerating the Iſſue Male of K. Edward III. and the whole Tenour of 
Hiſtory is expreſs, that his fifth Son was Edmond of Langley, and created Duke of York. 


XLVII. Vid. Page 155. 


Marg. God forbid, any Malice ſhould prevail, 
That faultleſs may condemn a Noblemas : 
*Pray God, he may acquit him of Suſpicion. 
K. Hen. 1 thank thee, NELL, theſe Words content me much. 


I remember, our Poet, in his King Jonx, makes Falconbridge the Baſtard, upon his firſt ſtep- 
ping into Honour, ſay, that he will ſtudy to forget his old Acquaintance; 


And if bis Name be George, I'll call him Peter; 
For new-made Honour doth forget Mens Names. 


But, ſurely, this is wide of K. Hexzy's Caſe, and it can be no Reaſon why he ſhould forget 
his own Wife's Name, and call her Nell inſtead of Margaret. Perhaps, it may be alledg'd, 
that the Blunder was Original in the Poet; that his Head was full of another Character, which 
he introduces in this Play, Eleanor Dutcheſs of Glouceſter, whom her Husband frequently 
calls Neil: and thence thro' Inadvertence he might flip into this Miſtake. Were this to be 
allow'd the Caſe, is not the Miſtake therefore to be reQified? As the Change of a ſingle 
Letter ſets all right, there's very little Reaſon to accuſe our Poet of ſuch an Inadyertence: 
Jam much more willing to ſuppoſe it came from his Pen thus; 


K. Hen. I thank thee. -- WELL; theſe Words content me much. 


K. Henry was a Prince of great Piety and Meekneſs, a great Lover of his Uncle Glonceſter, 
whom his Nobles were rigidly — and to whom he ſuſpected the Queen bore no 
very good Will in her Heart: But finding her, beyond his Hopes, ſpeak ſo candidly in the 
Duke's Caſe, he is mightily comforted, and contented at her impartial Seeming. I believe, 
Every body in their Converſation muſt have obſery'd, that the Word, Well, -- is uſed to ex- 
preſs. an Air of SatisfaQtion, when any Incident in Life goes to our Wiſh; or any Purpoſe, 


that was dreaded s to be diſappointed. 
— | XLVIIL 


The APPENDIX. 163 


XLVIIL Kk. Rienanp III. Page 432. nu. zu. 
And who doth lead them but a paltry Fellow, 
Long kept in Britaine at OUR Mother's Coſt? 


This is ſpoken by Richard III. of Henry Earl of Richmond; but They were far from 
having any common Mother, but Exgland; and the Earl of Richmond was not ſubſiſted abroad 
at the Nation's publick Charge. He fled with the Earl of Pembroke into Bretagny in 
K. Edward IVth's Reign: And many Artifices were tried both by That King firſt; and 
K. Richard afterwards, to get him deliver'd up by the French King, and Duke of Bretaguy: 
But he — eſcap'd all the Snares laid for him. But during the greateſt Part of his Re - 
ſidence abroad, he was watch'd and reſtrain'd almoſt like a _— and ſubſiſted by Supplies 
_ d from the Counteſs Dowager of Richmond, his Mother: Reſtore therefore the 
oet thus; anus : 


And who doth lead them but a paltry Fellow, 
Long kept in Bretagne at HIS Mother's Coſt? 


XLIX. K. HENRAT VIII. Page 448. The Like. 


———; Here it a Warrant from 
The King i attach Lord Montague, and the Bodies 
Of the Duke's Confeſſor, John de la Car, ' 
ONE Gilbert Peck, bir COUNSELLOR. 


Beſides a ſlight Corruption in the Beginning of the laſt Line, which makes the Connection 
faulty, this Paſſage labours with another Error, which the Editor might have amended either 
from having an Eye to the real Hiſtory, or to the Words of the Poet afterwards: Corre& 
the Whole thus; 


—— d Here is a Warrant from 
The King t'attach Lord Montague, and the Bodies 
Of the Dale Confeſſor, John de la Car, 
AND Gilbert Peck, bir CHANCELLOR. 


Sir Gilbert Peck, (or Perk, as it is in Come Copies,) the Chronicles tell us, was Chancellor to 
the Duke of Buckingham; and ſo we afterwards find him ſtyled by our Author in the Play 


before us, Page 466. 
At which appear d againſt him his Surveyor, 
Sir Gilbert Peck hir CHANCELLOR, and John Car, 
. Confeſſor to him, with that Devil-Monk | 
Hopkins, that made this Miſchief. 


The Mention of this Monk naturally calls upon me to correct a Paſfage or two, in which 
all the Copies have hitherto been faulty, with Regard to his Name. 952 Page 449. : — 


Bk. So, ſo, 
Theſe are the Limbs tb Plot: No more, I hope. 

Brand, A Monk ot Chartreux. 

Buck. -------»---- MICHAEL Hopkins? 


Brand, He. 


Z2 Here 


154 


2d Occaſional 
Emendation. 


The Like, 


The APPENDIXS. 


Here again, from the Concurrence of our Hiſtorians, we are warranted to correct the Poet; 


Bran. A Monk 0th' Chartreux 
Dc. NICHOLAS Hopkins? 


But what ſhall we then do with another Paſſage, where the Duke's Surveyor is under his 
Examination before the King and Council? 


P. 455. Sury., =-=------ He was brought to This 

. | By à vain Propbeſie of Nicholas HENTON. 
King, What was that HENTON? 
Sur. Sir, a Chartreux Fryar, &c. 


'Tis evident, Brandon and the Surveyor are in two Stories; as the Poet's Text now ſtands; 
but, I am perſuaded, it is corrupt: For in Fact there was but One Monk concern'd with, 
or Evidence againſt the Duke; and his Name was Nicholas Hopkins. Our Poet therefore 


muſt be reſtor d; 


By a vain Prophecy of Nicholas HOPKINS. 
King. Who was That HOPKINS? 


But how came Henton to find a Place at all in the Text? It will be no Difficulty to 
account for This, when we come to conſider, that Hopkins was a Monk of the Convent 
call'd Henton near Briſtol; and might, according to the Cuſtom of thoſe. Times, be call'd 
as well Nicholas of Henton by Some of the Hiſtorians from the Place, as Hopkins, by Others, 
from his Family. And This, as I take it, is ſufficient Ground for the Miſtake from the 


Hands of a negligent Tranſcriber. 


I. I ſhall add but one more Error at preſent (but It ſhall be a fignal One) tranſmitted by 
the EpiToR thro? Indiligence, and a Want of due Application to the Meaning of the Author 


and the Senſe of the Paſlage. 


Mucn ADs ABouT Nornme, Page 503. : 
Borach. Go then find me a meet Hour to draw on Pedro, and the Count Claudio, alone; 
tell them that you know Hero loves ME; Offer them Inſtances which 
ſhall bear no leſs Likelyhood than to ſee Me at her Chamber Window, hear me 
call Margaret, Hero; hear Margaret term me CLAUDIO; and bring them 

to ſee this the very Night before the intended Wedding. 


I am obliged to give here a ſhort Account of the Plat depending, that the Emeendation, which 
I am about to make, may appear the more clear and unqueſtionable. The Buſineſs ſtands 
thus: Claudio, a Favourite of the Arragon Prince, is, by his Interceſſions with her Father, 
to be married to the fair Hero; Don Jobn, a natural Brother of the Prince, and a Hater of 
Claudio, is in his Spleen zealous to diſappoint the Match. Borachio, a raſcally Dependant 
on Don Jobn, offers his Aſſiſtance, and engages to break off the Marriage by this Stratagem. 
Tell the Prince and Clandio ( ſays He) that Hero is in Love with Me, they won't believe 
* it; offer them Proofs, as that they ſhall ſee me converſe with her in her Chamber Win- 
* dow: I am in the good Graces of her Waiting- Woman Margaret; and Pl prevail with 
" aret, at a dead Hour of Night, to perſonate her Miſtreſs Hero; do you then bring 
the Prince and Claudio to over-hear our Diſcourſe, and they ſhall have the Torment to 
bear me addreſs Margaret by the Name of Hero, and her ſay ſweet Things to me by the 
Name of Claudio. This is the Subſtance of Borachio's Device to make Hero ſuſ- 
pected of Diſloyalty, and to break off her Match with Claudio. But, in the Name of 
Goodneſs, could it diſpleaſe Claxdio to hear his Miſtreſs making Uſe of hi Name tenderly? 
If he ſaw another Man with her, and heard her call him Claudio, he might reaſonably think 
her detray'd, but not have the ſame Reaſon to accuſe her of 4 des, how could 
her naming Claudio, make the Prince and Claudio believe that ſhe lov'd Borachio, as He de- 
fires Dox J. to infinuate to them that She did. The Circumſtances conſider'd, I have no 


Doubt but the Paſſage ought to be corrected thus; Borach. 


The APFPPENDIX. 

Borach. Go ther, find me a meet Hour to draw on Pedro, and the Count Claudio, alone , 
tell them that you know Hero loves ME; Offer them Inſtances which 
ſhall bear no leſs Likelihood than to ſee Me a# her Chamber-Window; hear 
Me call Margaret, Hero; bear Margaret term me BORACHIO; and bring 
them to ſee this the very Night before the intended Wedding. 


LI. But it is high Time now that I turn my Pen to one promiſed Part of my Task, 
which is yet in Arrears, viz. an Endeavour to reſtore Senſe to Paſſages, in which, thro” the 
Corruption of ſucceſſive Editions, no Senſe has hitherto been found: Or to reſtore, to the 
beſt of my Power, the Poet's true Text, where I ſuſpect it to be miſtaken thro' the Error of 
the Preſs or the Manuſcripts. The utmoſt Liberty that I ſhall take in this Attempt, ſhall ge- 
nerally confine it ſelf to the minute Alteration of a ing le Letter or wo: An Indulgence 
which, I hope, I cannot fear being granted me, if It retrieves Senſe to ſuch Places as have 
either eſcaped Obſervation, or never been diſputed or underitood by their Editors. 1'l1 dif- 
patch this remaining Part of my Appendix with all the Brevity that the Nature of the EMEN- 
DATIONS will admit; as Sach, they are humbly propos'd : Bat wherever better Judges are 


165 


EMENDATIONS 


pleaſed to think haz Word too peremptory, I am very well content to ſoften it into Cox- * 


ECTURES. 
: As the MERCnanT of VEeNice happens to furniſh three or four remarkable Ones, they 
ſhall ſtand the foremoſt in this Liſt. 


MErcnanT of VENICE, Page 12. 


Ner. Firſt, there is the Neapolitan Prince. : 

Port. Ay, that's a COLT indeed, for he doth Nothing but talk of his horſe, and h 
makes it a great Appropriation to his own good Parts that he can ſhoo him 
himſelf: I am much afraid my Lady his Mother play d falſe with a Smith. 


Portia here diſcourſing with her Waiting-Woman about her Suitors, Neriſſa runs over the 
Catalogue of them, with Deſign to ſound the Affections of her Lady. But how does talk- 
ing of Horſes, or owing how to ſhoe them, make a Man e'er the more a Colt? Or why, 
if a Smith and a Lady of Figure were to have an Affair together, ſhould a Colt be the Iſſue of 
that ConjunQion? I make no Doubt but this is ſimply Porzia's Meaning: What do you tell 
me of the Neapolitan Prince? he is ſuch a ſtupid Dance, that inſtead of ſaying fine Things 
to me, he does Nothing but talk of his Horſes. ----- Now; This is ſome Reaſon for ſuſ- 

Ring that his Mother ſhould have Erg falſe with a Sith: People generally talk moſt 
n their own Profeſſions, or in Thoſe of their Family; and Farriers, I preſume, will be al- 
bow to talk more of Horſemanſhip than any other Subject. I do not queſtion therefore 
to reſtore it; 


Port. Ay, That's a DOLT indeed; for he doth Nothing but talk of bis Horſe, and 

he mekes it a great Appropriation to his own good Parts, that he can ſhoe 

A Dol: is 1 one of the moſt ſtupid and blockiſh of the Vulgar; and in this Significa- 
tion it is uſed by our Author himſelf. See his Anthony and Cleepatra, Page 398. 


Follow his Chariot, like the greateſt Spot 
Of all thy Sex; moſt monſter-like, be ſhews 
For poor' ſl Diminutroes, for DOLTS --- 
i. e. become the Gaze of the moſt vile Plebeians, the moſt ſordid ignorant Rabble. 
And ſo, again, in OTHELLo, Page 583. 
r 04, Gull! Ob, DOLT! 
As ignorant as Dirt ; 
LII. Lid. Page 24. | 


be a Beard haſt thou got! Thow baſt got more Hair on thy Chin, than Euzxvarion. 


Dobbin my PHIL-borſe bar on bis Tale. ; 


166 


*EMENDATION, 


The APPENDIX, 


I ſhould have paſs'd this over as a Literal Error, occaſion'd by the Overſight of the Editor, 
but that I find it is copied from the old Editions: And yet even there originally it is but a 
litera! Error. It muſt be reſtor'd ; 


—— Thou haſt got more Hair on thy Chin, than Dobbin my THILL- 
horſe bas on bis Tail. | 


A Thill, as it is very well known, is the Beam or Draught-Tree of a Cart or Waggon; and 
the Thill. Horſe. conſequently, is that Horſe which is put under the 7}. SxIxxeR, indeed, 
mentions the Fill-Horſe, i. e. the laſt Horſe in the File; but he confeſſes it; a Term, which 
he derived from the Informationof a learned Clergyman. 


LIII. Bid. Page 21. Morochins, a black Prince, among the reſt of Porria's Suitors, 
putting in his Pretenſions, and preparing to decide his Fate by the Choice of the Casket, 
reflects upon the Conditions to which he is ſubjected: That he, who had lain a Sophy with 
his Scimitar, won three Battles of a Sultan, who could outſtare and outbrave the ſterneſt 


and moſt daring Creatures upon Earth, pluck the Cubs from a She-Bear, and mock the roar- 


ing of a hungry Lion, might be baffled and worſted in this Adventure by the Caprice of 
blind Fortune, 


——— But, alas the while! 

If Hercules ad LYCHAS play at dice 

Which is the better man, the greater throw 

May turn by fortune from the weaker hand : 

So is Alcides beaten by his RAGE, 

And ſo may I, blind fortune leading me, 

Miſs that which one unworthier may attain, 

And die with grieving. 
Tho' the whole Set of Editions concur in this Reading, and it has paſs'd wholly unſuſpe&- 
ed by the Learned Editor, I am very well aſſur'd, and I dare ſay the Readers will be ſo too 


anon, that it is corrupt at Bottom. us look into the Poet's Sentiment, and the Hiſtory 


of the Perſons repreſented. If Hercules (ſays he) and Lichas (for fo is his Name to be 
ſTpelt, if we may take Sophocles, Ovid, &c. for our Guides) were to play at Dice for the 

eciſion of their Superiority ; Licha, the weaker Man, might have the better Caſt of the 
Two. But how then is Alcides beaten by his Rage? Lo admit This, we muſt ſuppoſe a Gap 
in the Poet; and that ſome Lines are loſt in which Herenles, in his Paſſion for loſing the 
Hand, had thrown the Box and Dice away, and knock'd his own Head againſt the Wall for 
meer Madneſs. Thus, indeed, might he be ſaid, in ſome Senſe, to be beaten by his Rage. 
But SHAKESPEARE had no ſuch Stuff in his Head. He means no more than, if Lichas had 
the better Throw, ſo might Hercules himſelf be beaten by Lichas. In ſhort, Lichas was the 
poor unfortunate Servant of Hercules, who, unknowingly brought his Maſter the enve- 
nom'd Shirt, dipp'd in the Blood of the Centaur Neſs, and was thrown * into the 
Sea for his Pains. The Poet has alluded to ſome Parts of this Fable in another of his 
Plays; and there indeed a reaſonable Intimation is made of Hercules worſting himſelf thro? 


his own Rage. See Anthony and Cleopatra, Page 398. 
Ant. -- Eros, boa, 
The Shirt of Neſſus is upon Me; teach me, 
Alcides, thou mine Anceſtor, thy Rage: 
Let me ladge Lichas on the Horns oth Moon, 
And, with thoſe hands that graſp'd the heavieſt Club, 
Subdne my worthieſt Self. | 


Bat to return to the Place before Us: Can we defire more than to know this one Circum- 
Rance of Lichas's Qual to ſet us right in the Poet's Meaning, and put an End to all the 


preſent Abſurdity of the Paſſage? Reſtore it, without the leaſt Scruple, only with cutting off 
the Tail of a ſingle Letter; --- Bat 


| 
{ 
| 
] 
1 
F 


The AP PEN DIX. 


— — Bat, alas, the while! 
Should Hercules and Lichas play at Dice 
Which is the better Man, the greater Throw 
May turn by Fortune from the weaker Hand: 
So is Alcides beaten by bis PAGE; 

And ſo may I, blind Fortune leading me, 
Miſs That which an Unworthier may attain; 
And die with grieving. 


It is ſcarce requiſite to hint here, it is a Point ſo well known, that Page has been always 
uſed in Exel to ſignify any Boy-Servant; as well as what latter Times have appropriated 
the Word to, a Lady's Train-Bearer. And fo Falſtaffe's Boy, in our Poet, is frequently cal- 
led his Page. So much in Explanation of this new-adopted Reading. The very excellent 
Lord LAansDowne, in his Alteration of this Play, tho” he might not ſtand to make the Cor- 
rection upon the Poet, ſeems at leaſt to have underſtood the Paſſage exactly as I do: And 
tho? he changes the Verſe, retains the Senſe of it in this Manner; 


So were a Giant worſted by a Dwarf! 


Tho? I had made the Emendation, before I thought to look into his Lordſbip's Performance, 
** no ſmall Satisfaction to me, that I have the Authority of ſuch a Genius to back my Con- 
jecture. | | 


LIV. Ibid. Page 71. 


Port. I he not able to diſcharge the money? 

Bail. Ter, here I tender it for him in the Court, 
Tea, twice the Sum; if that will not ſuffice, 
I will be bound to pay it ten times ver, 
On forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart. 
If this will not ſuffice, it muſt appear 
That malice bears down TRUTH. ---- 


This is a Paſſage which has ever paſs'd unſuſpected, and yet, I dare ſay, does not yield us 
the Poet's Text. The Caſe is this; Shylock, a Jew, tends Anthonio, a Venetian Merchant, 
3000 Ducats on Bond, with Condition, that if he did not pay them at a Day certain, the Jew 


to his Heart. The Bond becomes forfeited; and the Jew rigidly inſiſts upon the ſpecifick 
Penalty, and will accept no Sum whatever to remit that. But how does Malice bear down 
Trath in this Proceſs? Or what one Circumſtance is there in the Cauſe, whereby Trath or 
Falſbaod can come jinto the Queſtion? I cannot ſuppoſe that by Truth the Poet — r ice, 
and the Equity of the Thing; if That had been his Thought, there is a Monoſyllable fo much 
more proper and intelligible at hand to anſwer that Senſe, that he would unqueſtionably have 
ſaid TTat Malice bears down Right. But I am perſuaded that SHAXESPEARE intended 
Baſſanio ſhould intimate, if the g would come to no Terms, nor take his Debt though 
tender'd with ſuch large Advantage, it was — he was ſo blood-thirſty that his Malice had 
got the better of his Paſſion of Intereſt, and extinguiſh'd all Sentiments of Remorſe, Tender- 
weſs, and human Charity. The Streſs of the Affair lies betwixt the Jew's Malice, and the 
Intercefſions ot the Court to him to be merciful. This is the Tenour ot the whole Scene; 


167 


EMENDATION. 


—_ claim the Forfeiture of a Pound of Arthonio's Fleſh to be cut from the Parts neareſt 
0 


and conſonant to this Meaning, the Dake addreſſes himſelf to Sbylock, fo ſoon as he appears 


at the Bar, in theſe Words; Page 64. 


Shylock, 


168 


The APPENDIX: 


Shylock, the World thinks, and I think ſo tos, 
That thou but lead'ſt this Faſhion of thy Malice 

To the laft Hour of Act, and then ti thought 
Thow'lt ſhew thy Mercy and Remorſe more ftrange 
Than is thy ſtrange apparent Cruelty. 


N | 
The Duke's Speech is directly a Perſuaſive to Compaſſion, and this Topick is ſo oft i 

ced in ſeveral Paſſages of the Scene, that I make not the lea(t Queſtion but our Sane 
his Baſſanio ſay, the Jew not complying to accept ſuch an extrayagant Return for his 


If This will not ſuffice, it muſt appear 
That Malice bears down RUTH. -- 


i. e. Mercy, and Compaſſion. So this Word is explain'd by the N N and ſo it is 
nals in Lan e. 1 


uſed both by CHAUCER and SPENSER, SHAKESPEARE's two Great Origi 
could quote Inſtances almoſt without! Number, where our Poet uſes rathfal ruthleſs : 
Nor was the Subſtantive it ſelf ſo obſolete, or uncommon, but that he has frequently choſe 


to employ it. 


K. RICHARD II. Page 154. 
| Here did She drop a Tear, here in this Pace 
PII ſet a Bank of Rue, ſow'r Herb of Grace: 
Rue, ev'n for RUTH, here ſhortly ſpall be ſeen, 
In the Remembrance of a weeping Queen. 


So Tro1LUS and CRESss A, Page 109. 
Let's leave the hermit Pity with our Mothers ; 
And when we have our Armours buckled on, 
The venom'd Vengeance ride upon duft Swords, 
Spur them to rueful Work, rein them from RUTH. 


And ſo, CoxiolAxus, Page 97. 
Would the Nobility lay aſide their RUTH, 
And let me uſe my Sword, &c. 


Exznparion, LV. hid. Page 68. 


Baſf. Why doſt thou whet thy knife ſo earneſtly? 
Shyl. To cut the forfeit from that bankrupt there. 
Grat. Not on thy SOUL! but on thy SOUL, harſh Few, 


Thou malt thy knife cen; 


I don't know what Ideas the Editor had affix'd to himſelf of the Poet's Senſe here; for my 
own Part I can find None, as the Text ſtands now. I dare venture to reſtore Him, from the 
Authority of ſome of the Folio Editions; tho' I am obliged at the ſame Time to reſtore ſuch 
a Sort of Conceit, and Jingle upon two Words, alike in Sound but differing in Senſe, as 

t to have bluſh'd for. But be That upon his own Head. I reſtore his 


our Author ough . 
Meaning, and his Words, -he himſelf is accountable to the Judges for writing them, 


Baſſ. 


The APPENDIX, 


Baſſ. Why doſt thou whet thy Knife ſo earneſtly? 

Shyl. To cut the Forfeit from That Bankrupt there. 

Grat. Nor on thy SOLE, but on thy SOUL, harſo Few, 
Thou mak'ſt thy Knife keen; 


i. e. Tho? thou thinkeſt that thou art whetting thy Knife on the Sole of thy Shoe, Yet it is 
upon thy Soul, thy immortal Part, that Thou doeſt it, miſtaken, inexorable Man! The bare 
Intention of thy Ity is ſo unpardonable, that it muſt bring thy very Soul into Hazard. 

I dare affirm, This is the very Aztithefis of our Author; I am the more confident, be- 
cauſe it was ſo uſual with him to play on Words in this manner ; and becauſe in another of 
his Plays he puts the very ſame Words in Oppoſition to one another, and That from the 
Mouth of one of his ſerious Characters. See Roweo and JULIET, Page 259, 60. 


Merc. Nay, gentle Romeo, we muſt have you dance. 

Rom. Nor I, believe me; You have dancing Shoes | 
With nimble SOLES, I have a SOUL of Lead, 
That ſtakes me to the Ground, I cannot move. 


He is at it again within three Lines after, upon two other Words agreeing in Sound; as 
—.— the Paſſage in the ſecond Folio, and ſeveral other Editions, tho Mr. Porz has not 
ted it, 


I am too SORE enpierced with his Shaft, 
To SOARE with bis light Feathers. --- 


But, as I ſaid, theſe Jingles are perpetual with Him, 


LVI. Love's Lanour Tosr, Page 133. 
Long. Ifear, theſe ſtubborn lines lack pow'r to move; 
O ſweet Maria, Empreſs of my love 
Theſe Numbers will I tear, and write in Proſe, 
Bir. Oh, Rhimes are guards on wanton Cupid's boſe : 
Disfigure not his SHOP. 


This is one of thoſe Paſſages, which, I am very willing to ſuppoſe, never paſs'd Mr. Pope's 
Reviſal. What A — in Jeu be there —— P's Heſe and his Shop? Or, what 
Relation can thoſe two Terms have to one Another? Or, what is Capid's Shop? Alt the 
Editions happen to concur in the Error; but That ought not to hinder us from correQing 
it; 


0h! Rhymes are Guards on wanton Cupid's Hoſe; 
Disfigure not his SLOP. 


are, as SKINNER and others rightly inform us, large and wide-kneed Breeches, now on- 

ly worn by Kuſtich and Sea-faring Men: And we have at this Day Dealers, whoſe ſole 

ſineſs it is to furniſh the Sailors with Shirts, Jackets &c. who are call'd Slop-Mer; and 

their Sho b Slop-Shops : SHAKESPEARE knew the Term, and has made Uſe of it in more 
than one Place; . 


Second Part of K. HENRY IV. Page 299. 


What ſaid Mr. Dombledon about the Sattin for my part Chak and 
SLOPS? 
Aa So 


EaiENDATION, 


— — 


170 


The AP PEN DI X. 


So in RoMEo and JoriEr, Page 280. 


Jigrior Romeo, bon jour; --- there's a French Salutation t9 your French 
SLOP. 


Tis true, Mr. Pore has printed it here your French STOP. But it muſt be corrected 


as I have reſtored it from the ſecond Folio Edition, and the other better Copies, or We come 
at no Senſe. Thoſe wide-kneed Breeches were the Garb in faſhion in our Author's Days, 
(as we may obſerve from old Famity-Pictures,) as well off, as upon the Stage: And 
that they were the Mode in Frauce too, is plainly hinted in another of our Aathor's Plays. 


See K. Henxy V. Page 448. 


Dauph. Oh, then belike ſhe was old and gentle, and you rode like a Kerne of Ireland, 
| your: French HOSE off, and in your ſtreight Stroſſers. 


Hoſe and Shps were ſynonymous Terms, and uſed to ſignify the ſelf-ſame Accoutrement. 
Pit throw in one Inſtance more of our Author's being acquainted with the Word Shops, 
becauſe the Paſſage is not to be found in the common Editions; but Þ'11 reſtore it from an 
old One in Qzarzo, (publiſh'd for Andrew Wiſe and William Aſpley, in 1600) an Edition 


which Mr. Porz never ſaw, or at leaſt never collated. 


Muca Apo Anour NorTnixs, Page 516. | 
There is no Appearance of Fancy in him, unleſs it be a Fancy that he hath 
to ſtrange Diſguiſes, as to be a Dutchman zo day, @ Frenchman to mor- 
row; Or in the ſhape of two Countries at once, as a German from the 
Waſte downward, all SLOPS; and a Spauiard from the Hip upward, 
no Doublet, c. 


W LVII. Merry Wives of Wixpso, Page 244. 


Falſ. Sometimes the Beam ef her Eye GUIDED my Foot, ſometimes my portly 
Belly. 4 : 


Falſtaffe is here talking how Mrs. ay look'd upon him, and ſurvey'd him all over, and exa- 

in'd his Parts with very good Li ing. But how did her Eye guide his Foot? c. Cer- 
tainly, this can never mean, guided itſelf towards his Foot. Falſiaffe ſeems to me here to 
ſpeak as a Man in Love, with much Complaiſance; and as comparing his Miſtreſs's Eye to 
the Sun for Brightneſs, and for a Power of brightening the Object which it darted on: I 
therefore queſtion not but it ſhould be corrected thus; ; 


Sometimes the Beam of her Eye GUILDED my Foot, ſometimes my portly 
Belly. 


It is a ical Expreſſion to ſay that her E e, like the Sun, gilded (or, guilded, as of old 
they —＋ what Part it — upon; and I am the rather perſuaded that my Correction is 
right, from the immediate Reply of Piſtol, which keeps up the Metaphor ; 


Then did the SUN on Dunghill ſhine. 


PFurnpartiOn, LVIII. Lid. Page 311. 


Mrs. Ford. Mrs. Page is come with me, Sweetheart. 
Falſ. Divide me like « BRIB'D buck, each a baunc h. 


I muſt confeſs, I don't underſtand the Meaning of a brib'd Back: If I conceive the Author's 
Senſe At all, it ought to be reſtor'd; 5 


The APPENDIX. 
Divide me like a BRIBE-Buck, each a Hauch. 


i. e. as a Buck ſent for a Bribe betwixt You. So it becomes a Term of Art, and a very 
roper One; and it brings to my Mind what is recorded in Print concerning my Lord Chief 
Taſte HALE; that when he went the Circuit, if any Gentleman, who had a Cauſe to come 
fore him, ſent him Veniſon, he conſtantly refuſed it, ſaying, -- It is a BRIBE-Buck, and 
I'll have None of it. | 1153 


LIX. K. Lear, Page 9. 


Cordel - Peace be with Burgundy, 
Since that Reſpect AND Fortunes are hit Love, 
I hall not be his Wife. 


The Duke of Bxrgandy had made his Addreſſes to Cordelia, and was to have her to Wife 
with a Third Part of her Father's Kingdom in Dowry ; but her Father falling out with, and 
diſinheriting her, asks Burgundy if he will take her in that Condition, and dowerleſs: Bur- 
gundy excuſing himſelf, and that he cannot take her without the propos'd Portion, Cordelia 
thus replies to his Refuſal. But what does the Poet mean by Reſpedt and Fortunes? What 
Reſpect? If Lear would have beſtowed the third Part of his Dominions, as he had contrac- 
ted, that was all the Reſpect which Burgundy would have ſtood upon with her. I would 
| willingly reſtore it with my Quarto Edition, publiſh'd in 1655, which 1 preſume never came 
to the Editor's View. | 


— Peace be with Burgundy! 
Since that Reſpects OF Fortune are by Love, 
I hall not be bis Wife. 


i. e. ſince his profeſt Love and Addreſſes to Me, were only on Account of the Dowry 
Which he hop'd to have with me. | 
LX. Ibid. Page 10. | 
Time ſhall unfold what PLIGHTED Cunning hides. 
There is no good Senſe in this Epithet, plighted, here, and therefore there is Reaſon to ſuſ- 
it a Corruption. The Meaning of the Poet certainly is, that Time ſhall diſcover what 
1ntricate, perplex'd, involv'd Cunning labours to conceal. It mult be reſtor'd therefore either thus® 
Time ſhall unfold what * PLEACHED Cunning hides. 0 


i. e. twiſted, intangled, &c. See Mucn Abo a Norma, 12; Ax row 
and CLEoPATRA, Page 402 ; and Hzuxr V. Page 489. W 


— 


Or tather, 
Time ſhall unfold what PLAITED Canning hides. 


Each of the Terms ariſwer the Idea required in this Place; but I prefer the latter, becauſe 
it ſignifies wrapt in Folds, and is more directly oppoſite in Senſe to wufolding. The Word 
ht poſſibly, according to the old Spelling, be wrote thus, plaighted; my O the Miſtake 
ſe by an eaſy Corruption of it into plighted. 
LXI. 1bid. Page 73. 
———— World, world, O world! 
But that thy ſtrange Mutations make us HATE thee, 
Life would not yield to age. | 


This, I think, is as remarkable a Paſſage, as has at all fall'n under my Conſideration; It has 
neither been ſuſpected, nor attempted; tho”, 'tis evident, it carries a flat Contradiction to 
the Sentiment which the Poet would infer. If the Viiſſtudes in the World make us hate 


mi 
ari 


A2 2 the 


bs | [ 
— 4 


EMENDATION, 


EMENDATION} 


— 
* * 
* 
» 7 


172 The APPENDIX, 


the World, is that a Reaſon why we ſhould ſubmit to le to be od: -I ſhould rather have 
thought it an Argument for the putting an End to a miſerable Life. There is ſo flagrant a 
Paradox in Sent as the Text now ſtands, that, tho? all the Editions unhappily countenance 
it, I conceive, Mr. Poet might very ſafely have indulg'd his private Senſe here. I commu- 
nicated my Objections upon this Place (as I have upon many others) to my late ingenious 
Friend Dr. SEwzr, (whom Death has ſince robbed me of, tho' his Merit will long out- live 
theſe poor Sheets: who gave me this Conjecture upon It. 


——— O World! World ! World! 
But that thy ſtrange Mutations make us BATE thee, 
Life would not yield to Age. 


i. e. if the 2 Changes in Life did not induce us to abate from, and make Allowances for, 
Some of the bad Caſualties, we ſhould never endure to live to old Age. 
This is excellent good Senſe and Reaſoning, and certainly comes very near to our Author's 
Meaning. I have ſince ventur'd to try = own Strength upon the Paſtage: and the Doctor 
was ſo 2 to think my Conjecture leſs ſtrain d, and the more probable One, I 


ſuſpect, the 


wrote it thus; 


——d O World! World! World! 
But that thy firange Mutations make ns WAITE Thee, 
Life would not yield to Age. 


;. e. if the Number of Changes and Viciflitudes, which happen in Life, did not make us 
waite, and hope for ſome Turn of Fortune for the better, we could never ſupport the Thought 
of living to be old, on any other Terms. 


„ LXII. Es Part of K. Hengy IV. Page 223 

P. Hen. Did ſt thou never ſee Titan kiſs a Diſh of butter ? pitifull-bearted TITAN, 
that melted at the ſweet Tale of the Sun? if thou did'ſt, then behold tha Com- 
pound. | 


This abſurd Reading poſſeſſes all the Copies that have ever fallen in my Way; and tho' it 
has paſy'd thro' ſuch a Number of Impreſſions, is Nonſenſe which we _ pronounce to- | 
have ariſen at firſt, from the Inadvertence and Blunder of the vat — to the Preſs. "Tis 
well known, Titan is one of the poetica] Names of the Sun; we have no Authority 
from Fable for Titans melting away at his own ſweet Tale, as Narciſſus did at the Reflec- 
tion of his own ſweet Form. The Poet's Meaning was certainly this: Sir . Falſtaffe 
enters in 1 Heat, after having been robb'd by the Prince and Poines in Diſguiſe: And 
the Prince, ſeeing him in ſuch a Sweat, makes the following Simile upon Him: © Do but 
look upon that Compound of Greaſe; - his Fat dripps away with the Violence of his 
Motion, juſt as Butter does with the Heat of the Sun-Beams arting full upon it.” Cor- 
rect therefore, as common Senſe requires. a 


P. Hen. Did Thox never ſee Titan kiſt Diſh of Butter? Pirifal- hearted BUTTER 
that melted at the ſweet Tale of the San? I Thou did'ft, then behold 
that Componnd. 


Dire. LXIN. Love's Lanour Losr, Page 117. 
Theſe are Complements, theſe are Humonrt, theſe betray nice Wenches that 
would be betray'd without theſe, and make THEM men of Note: do you note 
Men that moſt are affected to theſe? 


Tue Speech here is a Deſcription of the odd Altitudes and Affectations which Men in Love 
aſſume, and thereby ſeduce young Girls into that Paſſion. But do theſe Affectations make 
'Henches Men of Note too? This is a Transformation, which, I dare ſay, the Poet . 


oy y Wy oy 


thought of, His Meaning is, as I conceive, that they not only inveigle the young Girls, 
but make the Men taken Notice of, who affect them. Corre& therefore; 


———— and male THE MEN Men of Note: Do you note Men 
that are moſt affeted ro Theſe. 8 
or, the Men of Note. 


This is not the only P of our Author, where, in the printed Copies, I have obſerv'd them 
thro' Error to have uſurp'd the Place of Men. | 


ComeDyY of ERRoRs, Page 432. | 41 
Ant. Why is Time ſuch a Niggard of Hair, being, as it is, ſo plentiful an Excrement? 
S. Dro. Becauſe it is a Bleſſing that he beſtows on Beaſts ; and what he hath ſcanted 
THEM #n hair, he hath given them in Wit. ang 
Ant. Why, but there's many a Man hath more Hair than Wit. | 
Sure, this is an evident Paradox, and Contradiction in Senſe. Can Hair be ſuppoſed a Bleſ- 
ſing that Time beſtows on Beafts peculiarly, and yet that he hath ſcanted them of it too? Cor- 
red, as the Context plainly requires; 
S. Dro. Becauſe it is a Bleſſing that he beſtows on Beaſts ; and what he hath ſcanted MEN 
in Hair, he hath given them in Wit. 
Ant. Why, but there's Many a Man hath more Hair than Wit. 


So there is a Paſſage in Hamlet, (tho' I have paſs'd it over in my Examination of That Play.) 
where I have — ſuſpected, on the other hand, that Men uſurps the Place of them. 4 


HAMLET, Page 405. 


4 Occaſional = 
0b, there be Players, that I have ſeen play, and beard Others praife, and that ron 
highly, (vot to ſpeak it prophanely,) that neither having the Accent of Chriſ. 
tian, Pagan, or Man, have ſo ſtrutted and bellowed, that I have thonght 
Some of Nature's Fourneymen had made MEN, and not made them well, 
they imitated Humanity ſo abominably. | 


What? Is Hamlet ſuppoſed to reaſon here, that, becauſe he had ſeen a few very prepoſterous 
Players, therefore he ſhould think Nature's Journeymen had made a Mankind? for ſo Mer 
in this Place, without Some or thoſe prefixed, muſt imply. No, thoſe Players were ſo far 


from appearing human Creatures, that he could ſcarce imagine them the y-Work of 


Nature, but of Some of her clumſy Journeymen. If This be his Senſe, might not the Poet 
more probably haye wrote? | | 


Occaſional 
EMENDATION 


— —— that I have thought Some of Nature's Journeymem had made 
| T HEM, and not made them well, they imitated Humanity ſo abominably, 
| An heavy Heart bears NOT an humble Tongue. | | 
From the whole Tenour of this Speech of the Princeſs, who is freſh in Sorrow 
of her Father's Death, and who is making Apologies for any Thing that She —.— — 
too freely to the King, 'tis plain, this Sentiment is the direct Oppoſite to the Poet's Meaning. 


Beſides, it is true in Nature, that Heavineſs of Heart, and any O n. alw 
eee 


An heavy Heart bears BUT an humble Tongue. 


The Miſtake is eaſy upon theſe Moxoſyllables, and be found to have h 'di 
other Paſſages of our Author. I'll ſabjoin two pang Baa Inſtances, ia which f be 
Brody will agree with Me, that the ſame-Error poſſeſſes the printed Copies. 


ALL'sS 


| 
[ 
| 
| 
a 
| 
i 


274 
ſt 
— 


3 


id Occaſional 
'EMENDATION 


3d Occaſional 


DATION, 


EMEnDaATION. 


Sabri. 


The APPENDIX. 


Arr's WELL THAT ENDS WELL, Page 439. 


Mex are to * mell with, Boys are NOT to kiſs. 
* mell, from meler, to mingle, 


N bor Maxim — an 3 that Boys ”— not 7 WM The Poet's Thought, 1 
pertuaded, goes further, vig. that Boys are fit only to kiſs; Men to mingle wi 
give more abNancial Pleaſures. Correct i; F * 


Men are to mell with, Boys are BUT to kiſs. 


CoMEDY OF ERRoRs, Page 440. 
Alas, poor Women, make us NOT believe 
(Being compact᷑ of credit) that you love ns; 
Tho' others have the Arm, ſheu us the Sheve, 
We im your Motion turn, and you may move us. 


Nothing can be more plain than the Poet's Senſe in this Paſſage. Women, fays He, are fo 


eaſy of Faith, that only make them believe you love them, and they'll take the bare Profeſ- 


ſion for the Subſtance. Correct it; 
Alas, poor Women ! make us BUT believe, &c. 


CYMBELINE, Page 217. 

| Nay, ds NOT wonder at it; you are made 
Rather to wonder at the Things you hear, 
Than to work any. --- 


Surely, this is ſuch a Mock-Reaſoning that it cannot 1 but in its Corrup- 
tion. What ? becauſe he was made ; to wonder at great Actions, than to perform any, 


is he therefore forbid to wonder? I think it is evident, to Demonſtration, that common Senie 


demands this Reading from the Poet. 


Nay, do BUT wonder at it ; You are made 
Rather to wonder, c. 


LXV. Ibid. Page 451. 2 * 
A Fiend, a FAIRY, pitileſs and rough, | 
A Wolf, nay, worſe, &c. | | | 
Dromio here bringing Word in haſte that his Maſter is arreſted, deſcribes the Bai 4 by Names 
proper to xaiſe Horror and Deteſtation of ſuch a Creature, ſuch as, a Devil, a Fiend, a Wolf, 
&c. But how does Fairy come up to theſe Ideas? Or with what Propriety can it be uſed here ? 
Does he mean, that a Bailiff is like a Fairy in ſtealing away his Maſter ? The trueſt Believers 


of thoſe little Phantoms never pretended to think that they ſtole any thing but Children. 
Certainly, it will ſort better in Senſe with the other Names annexed, as well as with the 


Character of a Catch-Pole, to-conclude that the Poet wrote; 
A Fiend, a FURY, pitileſs and rough, 
' A Wolff, &c. | 
LXVI. Mucn Apo AzouT Norns, Page 480. 
He ſet up his Bills here in Meſſina, and challeng'd Cupid at the flight ; and my 
Uncle's Fool reading the Challenge, ſubſcrib'd for Cupid, and challeng'd him at 
the BURBOLT, _ 


[TI a—— wn MM kd 


Tr 


22 


"wh 
i | 
N. 


The AP PE N DI xX. 


Thus the Copies, from the Quarto, publiſh'd in 1609, downwards, exhibit this Paſſage. Fhe 
Editor certainly ought to have given us the 6% of Burbolt. it there be any ſuch Word; bur 
I apprehend it to be a Corruption. I take the Author's Meaning to be no more than this: Be- 
nedict challenged Cupid to fly with him, and the Fool made Capid challenge Benedict to ſhoot 
the Arrow with him. It mult theretore'be reſtored, | 


——ꝓ and challenged Him at the BIRD-BOLT; Cor, BUT-BOLT. }] 


Arrows, being employ'd either to let fly at a Bird, or a Mark, were by our Author's Predeceſ(- 
ſors call d both B:ird-Bolts, and Bat-Shafts, or Bolts; and He himſelf employs the Words in 


other Paſſages of his Plays. 


Love's Lazouk Lost, Page 132. 
King. Ay me ! 
Biron. Shot, by Heaven. Proceed, ſweet Cupid ; Thou haſt thumpt him with thy- 
BIRD-BOLT wander the Left Pap. 


TWELFTH-N1GHT, Page 479. 
To be generous, guiltleſi, and of free Diſpoſition, is to take thoſe Things for BIRD» 
BOLTS that you deem Cannon-Bullets, 


Romeo and JuLIiET, Page 279. 
Alas, poor Romeo, he is already dead: -- Stabb'd with a white Wench's Black Eye, 
run thro the Ear with a Love-Song, the very Pin of his Heart cleft with the + 

blind Bow-Boy's BUT-SHAFT. 


LXVII. wid. Page 494. 
Pedro. My Viſor is Philemonꝰ Roof ; within the Houſe is LOVE. 
Hero. Why then your Viſor ſhould be thatch'd, 


I muſt own, this Paſſage has appeared very obſcure to me, and given me much Trouble in 
attempting. to underſtand it. I his is a Scene in which the Actors are Maſqueraders ; and 
Pedro, the Prince of Arragor, fixing his Diſcourſe on Hero, asks her whether ſhe will walk 
away With him? Yes, ſays She, when I like your Figure better; for, God forbid, the Lute 
ſhould be like the Caſe : i. e. that your Face ſhould be as homely and as coarſeas your Maſque, 
Upon This, Pedro r his Viſor to Philemon's Roof. Tis plain, the Poet alludes to 
the Story of Baxcis and Philemon, from Ovp: And this old Couple, as that Roman Poet de- 


A 


ſcribes it, liv'd in a thasch'd Cottage; 
. Stipulis, & caund tecta paluſtri. 
But Why, within the Honſe is Love? Bancis and Philemon, tis true, had liv'd to Old- 


EMexDaTIoON 


Age together, in a comfortable State of Agreement : But Piety and Hoſpitality are the Top 
Parts of their Character. Our Poet, if I am not miſtaken, goes a little deeper into the Story. 

Tho' this old Pair liv'd in a Cottage, this Cottage received two ſtraggling Gods under its „ x... 

Roof. So, Pedro is a Prince ; and tho? his Viſor is but ordinary 8 le would infipuate to — 
Hero, that he has — godlike within: Alluding either to his Dignity, or the Qualities * 
of his Perſon and Mind. By theſe Circumſtances, I am ſure, the Thought is mended : And 
I have no Doubt, but the Poet's Text ought tobe ſo too. Read, therefore, with only cutting 
off the Tail of a ſingle Letter; s 


Pedro. My Viſor is Philemon's Roof, within the Honſe is JOVE. 


LXVII. 


176 ne APPENDIX. 


Emexparion. LXVIII. Arr's WELL THAT ES WELL. Page 422. | 4 48 


= 
. 


2d. Lord. He ſays, he has @ Stratagem fort; when your Lordſhip ſees the Bottom 
of bis Smeceſs in it, and to what Metal this counterfeit Lump of OURS will be 
melted, if you give him not, ce. 


| Why, counterſeit Lump of Ours? Tis Parolles, of whom ate Tpeakitig, was of 
| the A Side in the Wars as They; —— thoſe Two Abena ll! are of no UE nor add 
a Grain of Elegance to the Sentence; ſo far from it, They rather clog than are neceſſary. 

Ido not therefore think, they are to be blotted out: But let us ſee whether by a 12 Change 

N they may not bear a Conſonancy with the other Terms a them, (viz. Metal, 
am perſuaded the 


2 —ů — —ꝛ—̃ ————— — = 
. 


= 


Lump, and melted;) and help the Propriety of the Poct's Thought. 
Poet wrote, as it ought to be corrected; * 


and to what Metal this cannrerfeit Lump of QARE will be melted, &c. 
For ſo one Metaphor is kept up, and all the Words are proper and fuitable to it. 


Ez parion. LXIX. The TeMyPesr, Page 68. 


7 On the Bat t Back I ds fly 
After SUMMER merrily. 


- Why, after Summer? -I have always ſuſpected this Word, though the Editions eoncur in 

3 the Ng. But — _ in F — Sys — 2 or —— + ha The 

* Upupa dormit Hyeme, Haup ſleeps during the Winter, ſay the Narmralits,and ſo does the too. 

Veſpertilio. Albert. Again, + Flies and Gnatt are the Lewogcks Food of the BAT, which he 

+ Ciba: 1 procures by flying about in the Night. But this is a Diet, which, I pre- 

em nocte inqairit. Idem + ney buy — onl mw at in — 1 — Obſerva- 

: 8 tion t when er earlier, or in er 

3 E Number, than alas it 5 a Sign the — Day will de bor —_ — 
| s ſolito wvolarint, Signum Ca- - 2 - 8 - g 

— & Serenitatem pofiridis fore. This Prognoſtick likewiſe only ſuits with Summer. In ſhort, I am very 

Gratarolus ah mo apt to think the Paſſage is corrupt, and was not deſigned to have any Al- 

luſion to the Seaſon of the Near, but rather the Hoxr at which Bats are 


accuſtom'd to fly. The Bar was call'd Veſpertilio, fay the Erymologifts, by the Latines; (as 
it was, vuxlepts, by the Greeks ;) becauſe this Bird is not viſible by Day, but appears firſt about 
the Twilight of the „ and ſo continues to fly about duri che dark Hours. From 
the Cuſtom and Nature of this Bird therefore, it ſeems to me It ought to. be correc- 
: | 
On the Bat's Back I do fly 
After SUN-SET merrily. 


8 LXX. T AamixG of the SuREw, Page 275+ 
Hoſt. I know my Remedy; I muſt go fetch the HEAD-BOROUGH, | 
Sly. Third, or fourth, or fifth Boraugh, I'll anſwer him by Law; 1'll not budge an Inch, 


Boy; &c. 


I T think, I may with Modeſty affirm, either that Mr. Pork never reviſed this Paſſage ; or, if be 
Ad. eh He * not —— it. The Corruption has paſs'd down thro? all the Copies ; and 
None of the Editors have pretended to gueſs at the Poet's Conceit. What a ſlrange, inſipid, 

unmeaning Reply does Sly make to his Hoſteſs! How do third, or fourth, or fift Borough 
relate to Headborough ? * ve 1 but a 29 2838 — —— 
The Hoſteſs would ſa e'11 fetch a Conftable : | - 
5 Meh Eipreilon, T dare warrant; and — but the Readers w of my Mind too. 
I am aſſur d, the Paſſage came from our Poet's Pen thus; | 


Hoſt, 


„ y_ ”" * * ww LA * 3 


5 „ fs ha OÞ 


The APPENDIX. 177 


Hoſt. I know my Remedy; I muſt go fetch the THIRD-BOROUGH. 
Sly. Third, or fourth, or fifth Boroagh, Pl] aufwer him by Law, &c. 


Who does not perceive, at a fingle Glance, ſome Conceit ſtarted by this certain CorreQion ? 
There is an Attempt at Wit, tolerable enough for a Tinker, and one drunk too. But what 
is Thirdborough? * The GLOSSARIES tell us, that it was an old Saxen Term for . 
and that Head-Borough was alſo oall'd Borough-Head, Barcholder, Third-Borough, Tything- 
Man, &c. To This, if we look into aur 1. no farther back than the 28th 
Year of K. Heury VIII. (Cap. 10.) and not quite Thirty Years before the Birth of Syaxe- | 
SPEARE, we (hall there figd Third- — for a Conftable. : 

I have no Doubt but the Uſe of the Word continued currently in P s Mouths in our 
Author's Time; and I have this Reaſon for thinking ſo, becauſe He uſes it himſelf in an- 
other of his Plays, which he would hardly have chaſe to do, if it had been altogether anti- 
quated and laid afide. | 


Love's Lanoun Lost, Page 99. | 
Dull. 7 my ſelf reprehend his own Perſon, for 1 am bis Grace's THARBOROUGH. 


We know very well that Dall, in this Play, repreſents the Character of a Conſtable: And 
there is no Queſtion but Thiraborongb is the very Word intended here: "Tis probable, indeed, 
that the Author humourouſly makes Dall knock the Word out of Joint, and purpoſely ſay 
Tharborough for Thirdb>rough, as he likewiſe makes him ſay reprebend for repreſent. Our 
Poet very frequently plays with this Cuſtom of the Vulgar, of frighting Engliſh ont of its IMM its, 
as he calls it in his Mexzy Wives of WixDSoOR. | 


LXXI. k. Lear, Page 12. 


EMENDATION. 
Well, my Legitimate, if this Letter ſpeed, 
And my Invention thrive, Edmund the baſe 
Shall TO e legitimate --- === | | 
I ſee no Reaſon in the World for the Break here, and leaving the Senſe imperfect. I rather 
think the Poet wrote it. , 
Shall BE th" legitimate. 
i. e. ſhall quire ene his Father's Affections, and ſtand himſelf in the 
Degree of his lawtul Heir. 
LXXII. Bid. Page 73 EMEnDaT1ON. 


— Full oft "tis ſeen 
Our MEAN SECURES ws, and our meer Defedts 
Prove our Commodities. | 


I have already, in Page 37, quoted this Paſſage as one Authority - af the Poet's making Uſe 
of Adjettives geen Bur, I muſt own, I ſuſpect the Reading mot genuine. "Tis cer- 
rain, tis good Senſe-to fay that our Alean Fortunes-may be a Secarity-to us, and our Hants 
an Advantage; but, I am ſure, the Contraſt both in Senſe and Terms ill be much ſlronger, 
and the Variation not ſo great to ſtartle us, if we may ſuppoſe, that our Author's Sentiment 


was This; 
| o DAS <e<IHB 


= Y 


—— 


'* Third-Borough, Thrid- Borough. Thrith - Borough, Thri- Borough, or, more corrupredly, Thra- Borough. * | | 
a Conſtable 2 like Officer in the Third Part County, or Shire, ſo divided, 3 — Head- | 
— (quaſs Primns inter Pare;) is the Foreman of ſuch — &c. See Laustar's Ex plication of : | 
Saxon Terms, and Dr, Cowti's Interpreter of Law Terms, in „Head. Borough, Third-Borough, &c. 


178 


EMENXDAT1ION, 


EMENDATION, 


8 


. Correct tr to correſpond both with Se and n 


The APP E ND IX. 


22 Full oft tis ſcen, $42ri A rd bx ; Ve 
Our MEANS ENSNARE ut, „ N 


Prove our C onmodities. 


LXXII. K. Ricuaxp 11. Page 32850 16 hiv Sam of N 6 fond net 
North. And yet OUR fair Diſtemrſs har been n Sager, . n Dons: 
Making the hard Way ſweet and delectable. TRL 
n 7 * * 
By the whole Tenour of 2 — ve r un that he i is in no Part 
105 any Compliment to his oven Bause hee Eber hic A 
deriv'd from che Society and Converſation of Bin which ſwerten d ö er 
the Fatigue of a very rough Road. I dare ſay therefore the Poet wrote; 
And yet YOUR fair Dionſebab be Sy 9d barons 
Making, &c. er 
LXXIV. The Firſt Part of K. Hengy IV. Page 156. mo n 
—— ſuffer'd bis Kinſman March 
¶ bo n, if ev'ry Owner were right plac d, har zo wad, 
2 bis King ;) to be ENGAG'D.i» Wales, AWC Menn ves 


There, without Ranſom, to lie forfeited. 


[ think the Term, es ed, is very much to be ſuſpected here; for as it cannot impawn- 

ed, it has no 8 nor Agreement in Senſe, with forfeited wi * 

The Truth of the Hiſtory was this, Mortimer Earl of March was taken Priſoner and 

ly confin'd in Wales by Owen Glendower: Man ee were made to K. 27 7 for 
him, but he would never liſten to it, ing Mortimer of — 1 and 

8 to be a cloſe Priſoner, till he found his — by the Means of the Fach 


„ v4 
an 0/9695 223 


Codd clues tobe ENCAG'D is Wales, T9). 203 2087 ende 
————— F | 


LXXV. K. Henxy V. Page 440. | 
High Dakes, great Princes, Barons, Lords” Lond hid KINGS. ods 


WIS Y 


The French Ki ; ſpeaking here to the Great Lords of his Court, and in all theſe 
us Tires” But R Ki e A he Cort There was not one King moni thembebide the Se 
The this Error es, correct it, 
High Dukes, greet 7 6: 123. Lords and KNIGHTS. 


When the Battle is over, and we come to have an Account of the Loſs" on the Freech Side, 


er. 


ve find chat they had yoo Knights dubb'd but the Day before the Battle: And that in the 

10000 Men, which they loſt, were but 1600 who * for Pay, The reſt, as the 

Poet tells us, Page 481. were — 

ES Princes, ban Lords, KNIGHTS, en. | 

Pr po RAE T4017 3396! 179 1000&) | 

34d. olim 4033 3& $04 3245 of wn MNMOOW 4.» 5001 
Nause Un $4446 8 eu RT SHAGIZLAGAC tied 1 b 101 e S IXXXVI 


*2*che4 30) dent 


. * 1 
© Z 1 - \ 4 * 
oA TY C9 bed en Inn il ON 
* > : - N 90 ” . - . 10 
* 


Thi APPENDIX. 


LXXVI. The Firſt Part of K. HxxRT VI. Page 66. 


I dare preſume, ſweet Prince, CEE 
York. Andif I WISH he did --- 


Here again à Break is made without Occaſion, and the Text is likewiſe lightly corrupted. 


aur I'WIB, he did. © 

11 QUE; CO. > ELL nia W. y f 
10 4 if + think: or know the Matter, he did think Harm. To wis, and 
95 (from the 22 ee Word frequ 18 


SPENSER, 


LXXVII. Second Parg of K. Hxxkxr VI. Page 123. 
Come, come, my Lords, 


Theſe Oracles are HARDLY. attain'd, 
And hardly anderſtood. 


This is Part of a degraded Paſſage, which Mr. Porn thinks to be an unneceflary Repetition. 
I am very free to — as it is here, and in all the 1 Editions, exhibited, it ſeems to 
have ſo little Meaning, that it is very unworthy of our Author. But if by a very Night, yet 
certain, Alteration, can both give it a Meaning, and a fine Sentiment; it may be worth 
while to. reſtore the Poet his own Text. The Caſe is this: Eleanor, Dutcheſs of Clonceſter, 
reſarting to Conjurers and Wizards to be reſoly'd of the Fate of Soy and ſeveral of the 
= is t — the Fact by the Dukes of York and Buckingham arties being appre- 
and t — ork ſays bell ſee the Devil's Wi; * reading over the 
57 which the oh Wit iven, and finding 'em intricate and r he makes 
this. general Comment upon dane rt of Intelligence. But how are Theſe Oracles, hardly at- 
tained? Tis plain, they were act attained, and taken down in Writing; or the Diſcove- 
rers could never have come to the Knowledge of them. Not only the Senſe, but the Verſe, 


labours, with the Corruption of this Paſſage : And I have not the leaſt Doubt but they are 
both to be reſtor'd thus with the greateſt Certainty. 


— — Come, come, my Lords, 
Theſe Oracles are HARDILY attan'd, 
4 hardly underſtood. | 


LA wn Riese nh e e e that Viz, going to the Devil for them, as 
"twas — — ſuppoſed: And likewiſe the incurring ſevere Penalties by the Statute- Law 


againſt ſuch Practices: et after theſe er as Sreps © wo the mum are ſo per 
plex'd that they are hr e . | 


AXXVIIL The Third Por of Hexgy VI. an LY 13 
IA 2165-563 Nee e e ee rhds AR ole 
Ns, bangry Canibali would not bavt touch'd, a daidw eee 

Would en have fur the Reſe JUST with Bleu, de 0 allo? 500 


cannot but ſuſſ this to be « Corragiion can the. Word. import here? Does 
—.— Poet mean, —— Carfibals — not ion... Moe: © ſtain'd Nord A u his Cheeks with 


1. r. would not ſo much as have fetch d Blood of BY "Beſides, that the Poſition of 


the — is 2 e e een another Thought, and that we ovght to 
- xead the range; N 


* * 
od 


N 


Mull not have ſtain 'd the Roſes JUIC'D with Blood. 
B b 2 1. e. 


179 


Eurubriom. 


EMtnDaTtION. 


Eukxpa rio. 


180 | The APPEND IX. 
n vhoſe Juices ſhone thro' bs young Checks, bright « #5 


Uns. 


1 * =. y * 4 


EMEXDATIONÞ LXXIX. k. RicnarD III. Page 366. 1 1 5 1 : * e oy 
Death makes no Conqueſt of HIS Conqueror ; ; | | | 
run f For now he lives in Fame, tho* not in Life. 7 T all, SEES 


The Poet is here ſpeaking of Jaline Ceſar, of immortal NY 8 inks, it is no 


_ notable Sentiment, does not conquer 'Th Im: It would 


extraordinary indeed, if He did. Lean ſoarce think fo exceprtonable- "a 
Co but rather that he wrote It ius; OTA weazer uhh + 


me 2d 16 An ,v»\ 3 1h ng 


Death makes no Conqueſt of THIS Conguerer; | 
For now he lives in Fame, e wot in bie. SLE Is 10azM on >: 
Lanna rior. LXXX. Kk. Henzr VIII. Page 458. rig 


They've all new Legs, and lame ontt; eee 0 0 1 
(That never ſaw em pace before,) the Spavin 2 
And SPRING-HALT reign'd among . 


The Editor hs ken this Word pos Conteut from te preceding Tabs but mult de 


a 
—— the Spavin 
And STRING-HALT reign'd amy "em. 
ins 7h >. 
Yd bmp ub; Which 'by's deen Twirching up of the hinde 
Wan N A enen. f 2 
1 N | e: 11 DFN 23 92 990 
7 . 21 n 11 , rait nr 

| 8 | n and. an 

To em Lord Timon, tht MEAN pe hn uw bels 

The Foot above the Head. . A Hon ! | 


Why, mean Eyes, more than the Eyes of Perſons of Figure t The Painter I preſume, here, 
had - Defi d of affrontia the Poet by calling him either dne of meaw Rant, or meas Ob- 
ſervation. will, certainly, be more intelligible to write it thus 


— here Let you do well Un 
7 ſpew Lord Timon, that MENS Eyes have fs 


* The Foot above the Head. 
4 Pp 1 ** * . * 4 23222 n 
Exenparion, LXXXII. ee e 43 n 44 SR a 
Coriol. —— T_T Shall! « * (a ue * { wy. Von a4 


0 GOD! ---- bet weft aomife'P aveictons; why, las ths? 
You grave, but wreakleſs Senators, have — — | 
Oles Hate ber to base en Officer,” et — An dünn ' A 5 mu. 5 


2 Ai 11: 165 4 Ho ob 1 n 


N eoutitue che Sentence dif- 
me Befdes, We See eg 


and broken off, off, which appears intended in this Paſlage by the next immediate As 
Addition of a liogle Letter. reſtores us this Beanty, I make n Doubt but the Paige ought 


to be reſtor d; | Coriol. 


ir 


1 


45 232204.) "il 2 N Cary 34 dg 05-22% 
' Coriol, ——— Shall! * * 
O GOOD, b moſt unwiſe, Patricians, 1 
Da grave, but wreakleſs, Senators have yu thus, ce. 


nee 


» Ton fad him. lite.w Soldiers do antranks, | 3 
His rougher ACTIONS for malicions — N. * 188 
But, a 1 ſay, ſuch as become @ Soldier. r. 


I have no Manner of Apprehenſion _— Man's Action- can be miſtakgn for Ward: If 1 


were to do a ſawcy Thing in Compan _— I ſhould think it very — 
he told me, =, you give me ver —— There ſeems ta me a manifeſt 
—— in the T — all the . * that, 4-1 che lake of common Senſe, it ought 
to be c 


— q Do not als e 
His roger 222 . walicions ene . 


* 


IXXXW. Ibid. j * 200. 
Coriol..— You Gods I PRAY, 
And the moſt noble Mother of the World . b. Þ nds 
Leave . | 


I W. ſay, an old Corruption has poſleſs'd this Paſſage, for two Reaſons. In the „ Place, 
whoever conſults this 8 will find, that he is talking fondly to his ws a0 2. 2 
ing to the Gods at all: condy, i he were employ'd in his Devotions, no A 

be wanting for leaving his Mother unſaluted. Phe-Poet's Intention was certainly A Corte 
lanxs, having been laviſh in his Tendernefles and Raptures to his Wife, berhiuks | if on 
the ſudden, that his Fondneſs to het had made * of ill . in the Ne of 
his Mother. Reſtore, as it certatnly ought to be; 


Deer You Gods! I PRATE, 


5 nl Meer ele Mr fe eh. aj 8 0 f 
Mr. Dennis, (ban who in pion, vo Man i Ep bx N 8 p 
2 in his — of nay Opini he W e which 1 


do, certainly underſtood the Paſſage e = ly with me: An und 
Appeal to the Change in Expreſſion which Wee 


But 0b! ye Cod, bile bah thus Tu, IMA) ee 
See, the moſt noble Mother of run e Y 
Stands unſalted. * | gl ets | £41835) 
eſlion not, but his Reaſon for varyi : 
= in it ſelf, and mean in its 5 Our 5 Was, not! Heat a Termill 
— in Sb * wo TEE i 


Ta v4 14 43 W * 2 . os 


* 7 


182 The APPEN 2 1 * 
ee eee Wenden 101 IA 
e OP RE CANTO 


_ Joux, Page 166. X 1 'Þ | —— . * — 4 thy * 
wv V T talk 10'bim, wid Bs imeem Prue enn Io yAmowns 
He will wake wy Meriy. - — * * 
1 PIs monk yn 

HAMLET, Page 458. 5 


Mau ro ink te t 0 ett 


And if Thow prate of owning, det them throw... THY HH 
Millions of Acres on Us. 1 N er wth 935 7 ded, 


Nor i n infroquent with him eo employ the P of this Term. | 
The TEMPEST, Page 43. | | | . o on 0 l 


Mir. —U—— — Bat In 1 4; E y* ”" beth vale 9 * * 95 


Something too wildly, andy Father prone 5 
I do forget. ; | | ad 19 f F 


MEASURE for MEASURE, Page 401 - 4i 
Duke. Silence that fellow; I wonld he had ſome Conſe to pe, hr mo 


one Page 56 | | e 
pu =>=<=-—- 0 my Sweet, TK." n | , b e 
9 50 Fprattle ont of Faſhion, and I dote „4 INTE 
b Tn mine own Comfort. . | 


8 10e Did, Page zo. WR wr "ab? 538 01 6 Fs 2nd 
WE Auf. 2225 — r | 4," 4 7 l W 
In my own Perſon; — Ae Rams: [4 
Which he did make all bis; and took fome Pride | 


To do my ſelf this Wrong. * 


How could Aufidin a mh Croenat er if he took 

2 a Pride in doi imlelk that Wrong? > Fw was neyer the Poet's Meani Anfidins is an- 
gry that Cor Am over-top'd him ſo far, as to bear away the hole G. vhich the other 
reaſonably. expected to ſhare in, har ing conttibuted all the 2 in bis Power towards 
acquiting it in Partnerſhip. Suitable to the Complaint of 4 f, prong all the 
Copies concur in the Error, 1 have no Doubt but the Tert, de be reftor'd, 


-====----- Serv bi Defignmems © © al: 46145 u x ton ND 
pt an ter? 0 HOLE te rea the. eme, &c. 280 


=P 5 K 4 


=T mas 4 , 
N 12 1 of ' eee ire 3 ay. 8. 715 bg . 


# 
WC 


- 


RAE FL. 323-22 


xi. dolles Cazan, Page 24 | n | 
35] lrg 220! fue be beer ue, « Heare; » 2 W oh Mg ian 
1 re 3 . alt A < 7 7 1 43 „1 ods oe 1 Yen 194 de 
vie 221 0,. | Caiar '&. wel <4 9 | | 
That Cæſar is mort dangerous than. en ene » 
WE HEARD ewe Lions beter's im one 49% 4.4 | e 
| And I, the elder, and more terrible; 
' And Cafar foall go forth. —— All 


L. * 


The, AP EN DI X. 


All the Lines from the Ale are degraded by Mr. Pork; * ſuppoſe, for the Rea- 
ſon which he gives in his Preface for theſe Degradations; but won, Ibelieve, becauſe he did not 
underſtand them. The Copies, indeed, are all corrupt ; ; and the e, of Courſe, Non- 
ſenſe and unintelligible, till we look nearer, and ſee thro' the Diſguiſe of the bad Text, Buc 
a flight Alteration will reſtore Senſe to the Whole; ; and then the Sentiment will neither be 
unworthy of rr nor the Boaſt too abſurd for Cæſar in a Vein of Kube to ut» 
ter. 1 dare warrant, This was the genuine Reading of our Author ; Ci 


That Caeſar is more eroxs than He. 6 "6 
WE WERE . Lion? Wes is wie Day,” 
nd -e AY &c. | SOON 


e. Ceſar and Danger were Trois beg. of « Lion, and Ceſar the Eder, and more ter- 
"10s of the Two. | 3 i, 1633244 4 56 


LXXXVII. Axronr and CLEOPATRA, Page 318. | 


—— My more Particalar, 
And That which moſt with Tox ſhould SAVE my Going, 
J Fulvia's death. 


Antony is giving ſeveral Reaſons to Cleoparr Wy which make his Departure from # ab- 
ſolurely neceſlary ; moſt of them Reaſons of State; but the Death of Fulvia, his Wite, was 

a particular and private Call, which demanded his Preſence in Italy. But the Poet's Text, I 
find, in all the printed Copies, would rather make us believe that Fulvias Death —.— pre- 
vent, or ſave him the Trouble of Foing: The Text in this ReſpeR, dare engage, runs 
counter to its Maſter's Meaning. Cleopatra is jealous of Antony's Abſence, — uſpicious 
that __ is ſeeking Colours for his Going: Antony replies to her Doubts, with the Reaſons that 
obliged him to be gone for a Time ; and tells her t as his Wife Falvia is dead, and ſo 
2 no Rival to be jealous of, that Circumſtance ſhould be his beſt Plea and Excuſe, and 
8 Weight with her for his Going: Who does not fee now, * it ought to 

r 


—— 1 were” Fat: 
„ een 
„ e Doh... n 
1 . een wo » v{dlanoles) 
| "Lili 54 # wag bac Big mp the Srveane, + r 
Goes to, and back, — ove 
To rot it ſelf with Motiow. 


How can 6 Tg, an Hot i, floating a Stream and that has no Motion but what the 
the W wes 


Fluctuation of it, be 12 laſh the Tide ? This is making a Scourge of a 
weak ineffective Flag, and giving it an active Violence in its own Power. I don't know 
whether the Editor has adopted this Reading from any + or it be One of his o] 
Conjecture; the Generality of the Editions have it Lach: "Tis true, there-is no Senſe in 


that Reading ; and yet the Addition of a fingle Letter Vill not — a: us "rs Senſe, but, 


I care promiſe, the genuine Word of our Author into the 


Goes to and back, LACKYING . . | 10 
To rot it ſelf with Motion. IAA 3 


EuxxpDATIOx. 


EMENDATION. 


The APPENDIXS;. 


1. e. floating backwards and forwards with the Variation of the Tide, like s Page at 
his Maſter's Heels. The Edition which I have above demention of Gin Page 138.) wit ar · 
ginal Corrections in t, concurs with Me in this R : As I have had the Pleaſure 
to find feyeral more of my e there inſerted. 
LXXXIX. Ibid. Page 327. | 
— But let us rear 


The higher our Opinion, that. our Stiring © 


Can from the Lap of Egypt Widow pluck 
The NEAR luſt-wearied Antony. 


22 8 Hearing that at 755 Hove « in R does not m 
relith the News : He i e is dies the Colter (/ * Havins and Zei are; 1 


did not think the Kr . War which I am rai wool — him from his Amours-in } 
"I why ſhould Pompey hold a higher Opinion of his own Expedition e it 2 d 
to Arms, who Was almoſt weary and ſurfeited of laſtie ion Plenſures? Copics 

wal defeQiye, and the — follows them implicitly. Correct it, 


The higher our Opinion, that our Stiring 
Can from the Lap of Egypt's Widow pluck 
The NE'ER - Iuſt-wearied Antogy, 


i e. if Autouy, tho' never tir'd of Luxury, . mov'd from that Charm upon Pais 
Stiring, it was Reaſon for Pompey to pole himſelf upon * of ſuch an | 


| XC. 1. Page 994- 
——— Behold Si; Man, 
Commend unto bis Lips thy SAVOURING Hand; 

Kift it, my Warriour : be hath fought to day, 

As if a God in Hate of Mankind had 

Deſtroy d in ſuch a Shape. | 
Antony here recommends one of his Captains, who! had ſought valiantly, to Cleopatra; and de- 
ſires he may have the Grace of kifling her Hand. But 11 ſauouriug hand? Antony did 
not want his Captain to grow in Love with his Miſtreſs, on Account. of the Flavour and 


Luſciouſneſs of her Hand; but only to have a Reward o Honour from the Queen for his good 
Service. Tho' all the Copics join io this Reading, I-muchrather-belſevethePoct's Word was, 


Commend unto his Lips thy FAVOURING 'havd ; 


XCI. Trrus AxpRONicus, Page 496. 


Ho if that Fly had a Father, and Mother ? 
How would be hang his fender. gilde Wings, 
ebe es 0g iu the Air ? 


To bus lem enting Doings can certainly neither be Eagizh, nor an dings © if SHAKESPEARE ; ; 


not does it co ——— Image. — one of 'the Mun 
Marg in of that Edirion which I bar — ook 
as I think there is no Diſpute but we ought. = 


And las lamenting DRONINGS is N vo 
This Word 2 that heavy, ſleepy Noiſe, made by the Fly, Chaſer, Bee, &c. 


* 


XCII, 


* 


The APPENDIX: 


CI. lid.” Page 485, | 
N Te white-LIMBD Walls, ye Ale-bouſe painted Signs, 


*>— us the old Ozarto in 1611, the ſecond Folio Edition, and all the ſubſequent Copies that I 
have ſeen, read with Mr. Port; but the Poet's Epithet is lightly corrupted. Reſtore it. 


Te white-LIMED Walls, ----=>> 


It carries a Reproach to a Man, who makes a fine Appearance outward, and has no Virtues, 
or Bravery, within to ſet him off; Fg | 


. Introrſim tm pem, ſpecioſum pelle decor, | 
As Hoxace calls it. The Term in out Author comes up exactly to the'Greek, one uſed by 


185 


Extrxb arion. 


St. Paul againſt Ananias,” * rerxe a,,, Dealbate Paries; which our Tranſlation has Adds xxiii. 3. 


render'd, Thow whited Wall. 


XCIII. Macnern, Page $54. 
We have SCORCH'D the Snake, not kilPd it, ==» === 
She'll cloſe, and be herſelf; - -- - -- 


This is a Paſſage which has all along paſs'd current thro” the Editions, and likewiſe upon the 
Stage; and yet, I dare affirm, is not our Author's Reading. What has a Snake, clo/ing k 
to do with its being ſeorch'd? Scorching would never either ſeparate, or dilate, its Parts ; 
but rather make them inſtantly contract and ſprivel. SHAKESPEARE, I am very well perſuaded, 
had this Notion in his Head, (which how true in Fact, I will not pretend to determine,) that 
it you cut a Serpent, or Worm aſunder, in ſeveral Pieces, there is ſuch an unctious Quality 
in their Blood, that the diſmember'd Parts, being only plac'd near enough to touch one an- 
other, will cement and become as whole as before the Injury receiv'd. The Application of 
this Thought is to Dancan, the murther'd King, and his RG Sons: Macbeth conſiders 
them ſo much as Members of the Father, that tho' he bas cut off the old Man, he would 
ſay, he has not entirely kill'd him; but he Il cement and cloſe again in the Lives of his Sons, 
to the Danger of beth. If I am not deceiv'd therefore, our Poet certainly wrote 
thus; 


ur have SCOTCH'D the Snake, wot bib i. 
| S bell cloſe, and be her ſelf, . | 
To ſeach, however the Generality of our DiSioveries happen to omit the Word, Genifies to 
noch, lb cn with Twigs, Sword, &c. and ſo SHAKESPEARE more — gas, uſed 
it in his 8. 13 


So CortoLanus, Page 182. e W lt 
He was too hard for him direcł iy, to ſay the Troth on's : Before Corioli, he SCOTCH'D 
bim, and notch'd him, like a Carbonado. | ad 


And fo again, AxToxY and CLEOPATRA, Page 393. 
We'll beat them into Bench-Holes, I have yet 
Room for fix SCOTCHES more. 3 


To ſhew how little we ought to truſt :mplice to Di&ionaries. for A « 
better Proof than from BAiLy in his Exp icon of the Term SC eG dies — —— — 
4 c , lops 


EMEXDATION, 


* 


186 The AP PEN D IX. 


E that it means Slices of Veal fry'd after the Scozch Manner: But, beſides that that Nation are 
WT not over famous for the Elegance of their Cookery, it is more natural, and I dare ſay more 
true, to allow that it ought to be wrote SCOT CHT-Collops, i. e. Collops, or Slices 

ſlaſhd croſs and croſs, they are put on the Coals. Sed but abr. 


And dare me to the Deſart with thy Sword; 
If trembling I INHIRIT, ber proteſi me 


The Baby of « Girl. 5 5 
All the Editions before Mr. Popz's, that I have read, If trembling I inhabit, which i 
N unſufferable Nonſenſe. I don't know whether the Editor's | fern be from any Authority, 
or his own Conjecture; but I am afraid it is not Ewghfos. There cannot be brought a Paſſage 
to ſhew that Iab:ibes is ever uſed by the Latines as a 


or Deponent Verb, bur always ac- 
— And fo with us, to inbibit, always ſignifies, to reſtrain, fp. Dane Thing elſe; — 
to 


fiſt, renege, &c. If therefore iubibit, be the Poet's Word here, (which I am not abſolute- 
ly ſatisfied about,) we muſt correct his Text thus; | | 


If Trembling ME inhibit, then proteſt ne 


5. e. If the Paſſion of Trembling, the Influence of Fear upon my Nerves, prevent me from 


Enexrwnariovy, XCV. bid. Page 562. 
There is not ONE of Them, but in his Hoaſe 
I keep a Servant feed. 


One of Whom? --- Macheth has juſt aid, chat he heard Macduff meant to diſobey bis Sum- 
mom, and not come to Coutt ; And he would immediately ſabyoin, thar there is not a Man 
of Macduff s Quality in the Kingdom, bat he has 2 Spy under his Roof, This is under- 
ood, not exprel3'd, as the Text now ſtands. For this Reaſon, aud becauſe there's a various 

end ing in the ſecond Folio Edition, I am apt to think there's a fight Corruption in this Paſ- 
ſage. Copy Exhibits it to Us thus; 


There's not a A ONE of them. _ | 
Here we again meet with a Deprav'd Reading; but it is ſuch a One as will help us to 
the Poet's irxe Words. as it y ought to de reſtor'd,. 
ee eee lh A THANE Yf Hae, 2g t vn Dre nne ns + 
| 4. e. a Nobleman: And fo the Peers of Scotland were all call'd, till Earls were created by 
Malcolme the Son of Duncan. Ae 4 

Turxpation, XCVI, Ibid. Page 570. 1 

IWho can impreſs the Foreſt, bid the Tree 

Unfix bis earth-bound Rost? Swret Bodements! Good! 
| Rebellions DEAD riſe never, till the Wood 

Of Birnam g, | 840 29 


Thus all the Impreſſions, from the very Beginniog, exhibit this Paſſage; but I cannot imagine 


s Al 3 vt 


whit-Notion the Editors could have of the rebelliow. It looks to Me, as if 
they were to believe the Poet geuniur, Wherever he was wyſterions beyond being un- 
gerſtood. The Emendation of one Letter will give us clear Senſe, and the very Thing 


which Macbeth ſhould be ſuppos'd to ſay here. Reſtore it. > Rebels 


The APPENDIX. 187 


* Rebelliaus HEAD riſe never, till the Word 
f Birnam rie, | 
or, Rebellion's Head. 


i, e. Let Rebellion never make Head againſt me, till a Foreſt move, and I ſhall rei TY 
enough in Safety. Shakeſpeare very frequently uſes the Word Head in this Manner, ot whi 
P11 ſubjoin an le, or two. * 3 


* 


Firft Part of K. HExxRT IV. Page 249. 
—— Douglas, aud tbe Engliſh REBELS ares 
N Eleventh of this Month, at Shrewsbury. b.; 
A mighty and a fearful HEAD they are, &c. 
Second Part ef K. Hexry IV. Page 307. 


For his Divifions, as the Times do brawl, | 
Are in three HEADS; one Pow'r againſt the French, &c. 


CorroLanus, Page 132. 
When Tarquin made « HEAD for Rome, he foughe 
Beyond the Mark of Others. 


XCVII. Prologue to TROILUS and CRESSIDA. — 
———ᷓ Priam's /ix-gated City, | 
Dardan, and Timbria, Helias, Chetas, 'Troien, 
And Antenoridas, with maſſy Staples, 
And correſponſive and fulfilling Bolts, 
STIR wp the Sons of Troy. 


I have no Notion, in what Senſe a City, having fix ſtrong Gates, and thoſe well barr'd and 

bolted, can be ſaid to ſtir vp its Inhaditants : Unleſs that they may bo ſuppos d to derive ſome 

Spirit from the Strength of their Fortifications. But I do not take this to be the Poet's 
ught. The ſecond Folio Edition reads it thus; 


Sr. Sous of Troy. 


Fhis-odd Manner of Spelling'the Word both gave me a Suſpicion of the Place being corrupt. 
and adminiſter d to m n it. The Authot, I take it, means no more 
than This; that the Greeks have pitch'd their T ents upon the Plains before Trey; and that the 
Trojans are ſecurely barricaded within the Walls of their City. I have no' Doube therefore 
but we ought to read; a FR | „ n 


7 
Ly 


p 


16 


« " va. > * 5 ** 

For, to ſperre, or from the old Teutonic Word, fperren,) ſignifies to defend 
by Bars, &c. Ale very Senſe I — eb. — pres Ab Bock 
of his Troilus and Creſida. | | y 


For when he ſaw her Doores ſperred al.. 1 
_ Well nigh for Sorrow *adown be gan to fall. | 


 - 
8 1 1 P I.E. « . - 9 
4 þ 7 
Cc 2 i 
” ” N 1 » _— - 1 £* g 9 
8 „ 0 "4 FT 9 ” A, 4 . F ET 2 
* * 


s ? 


| 
| 
| 
| 


188 | The APPENDIX. 
Occaſional I little ſuſpeded, when I firſt quoted the above Paſſage, that it would have afforded Matter 
'ExenDaT10N: for further Correction: But I find that even in the Names of Troy's Gates we meet with 
Some of them, that are no where elſe to be met with. I don't remember, indeed, that ei- 

ther Didymus, Euſtatbius, Spondanus, or any of the more modern Commentators upon Ho- 

mer, furniſh us with a Liſt of their Names: If they had, I doubt not but the Editor would 

have ſet them right from thoſe Authorities; Not even the laborious Commentator upon Lyco- 

phrongwhere we might have expected it, has touch'd this Matter. I am aware, that in Homer the 

Scean and Dardazian Gates are ſaid to be one and the ſame ; and ſo the ix Gates would be 

; tofive. But notwithſtanding This, they are enumerated as our Poet meant to ſet them out: 

he late Learned Sir Edward Sherburn in his Notes upon the Troades of SENECA, Page 324. tells 

us, that Troy had ſix Gates, viz. the Antenorian, the Dardanian, the Thin, "the Chen ian, 

the Trojan, and the Scæan. He quotes us no Authority for this, but I believe I can trace him 

in the Account. For CERDA, upon the fix hundred and twelfth Verſe of the ſecond Aneid 

of VIII, informs us from Dares Phrygizs F Trojanz wrbis portas fex. ennmerat Dares ; 
Antenoriden, Dardaniam, Iliam, Sceam, Catumbriam, Trojanam. again, if I am 

not miſtaken, we meet with freſh Corruption. Catambria is a very odd Word; and, I am well 

ſatisfied, a deprav'd One. We are to know, there was near Old Troy, à Plain call'd 

bra; a River, that run through it, call'd Thymbrezs; and a Temple to Apollo Thymbrens. The 

| Gate, that we are ſpeaking of, was . deſcrib'd in the Greek Author to be zalz @tutyuor, 
| the Gate that fac'd the aforeſaid Plain and River: And from thence, as I ſuſpect, by the Ne- 
gligence or Ignorance of the Tranſcriber, the Words were join'd and corrupted into Cæ- 
tumbria. The correcter Editions of Dares Phrygins, I know, neither read as Sir Edward 
Sherburn, nor as Cerda upon Virgil give us the Paſſage, but thus; Ilio rw fecit — Pri- 
amus ;) gur Nomina hæc ſunt, Antenoridæ, Dardaniæ, Iliæ, Scæa rojanæ. 
doubt not but the Author ought to be corrected by this Authority; | — 


—— Priam's Six Gates i tb City, 
Dardania, THTIMRRIA, Ilia, Scæa, Troien, 
And Antenorides, with maſſy Staples 
And correſponſive and fullfilling Bolts, 

Sperre up the Sons of Troy. 


Exenvarron,, XCVIII. TrxALUS and CRESSIPA, Page 11. 
And like as there were Hushandry in War, 
Before the Sun roſe, he was harneſt LIGHT, 
And to the Field goes He: | 


— — —— 1 ˙˖— . e 


©-= —— — 


Why, harneſt light ? Does the Poet mean that Hector had put on kght Armour? Or that he 
was pri bey in his Arms, even before Sunriſe ? Or is a Conmdrum aim'd at in, Szx roſe, and 
barn j ht ?- A very ſlight Alteration makes all theſe Conſtructions —qr ns _—_ 
us the Poet's Meaning in the propereſt Terms imaginable. . I am inclin'd to he 
wrote ; | | | 


TATE Before the Sur roſe, He was Harneſs -DIGHT, Sr. 


i. e. compleatly dreſt, accoutred in Arms. It is frequent with our Poet; from his 
CnAUCER and SPENSER, to ſay digbi for deck'd, 75 for puch, &. Maſters, 


* Vid. ard 44 * Paris, aud Troilus, Da have Both ſaid well, e e Ei og 
Pap. 54 AND on the Cauſe and Queſtion now in Hand. | 
Have gloſi'd, but ſuperficially. --- * 


I can never think that the Poet expreſz d himſelf thus : Tis abſurd to fay, that People have 
talked well, and yet but ſuperficially at the ſame Time. I am perſuaded (as above in age 66.). 
the Copalative is here miſkak enly put for the Dizjandive ; and that we ought to reſtore it; 


Paris 


The APPENDIX, ; 


© _ Paris and Troilus, you have Both ſaid well, 
. BUT. on the Cauſe and Queſtion now in hand 
Have glſe'd bus ſuperficially. 


i. e. You have argued very well in the general, but have gloſs'd too ſuperficial 
particular Queſtion in Debate. a, oats perficially upon the 


- and I grieve Myſelf 
To think, when Thon ſhalt be DIS-EDG'D by Her 
Whom now Thos tir'ſt on, &c. 


| Notwithſtanding the Aurit heſis that there is betwixt a g's and zireſt on, yet, methinks, too 
groſs an Image is convey'd for ſo refery'd and- a Frinceſs as /mogex. I would ſuppoſe 
that our Poet wrote, with a very ſmall Variation; EPR 


OR. and I grieve Myſelf 
To think, when Thou ſhalt be DIS-SIEG'D by ber, &c. 


i. e. dirplac'd, put out of ber Favour. Siege, it is well known, was the old Word uſed for 
ſeat, — — 4 rank, dignity, &c. So the King, in HAamLer, Page 445. 


Dar Summ of Parts 
Did not together pluck ſuch Envy from Him, 
As did That One, and That, in my, Regard, f 5 
Of the unworthieſt SIEGE. --- 


So, in OTHELLoO, Page 482. 


—— 1 fetch Liſe aud Being 
From Men of wortbieſt SIEGE. --- 


And fo, in MEASURE for Mzasuxkx, Page 382. 


|. - » Beſides, wpon the very SIEGE of Juſtice 
0 Lord Angelo hath to the publick Ear 
 Profeſi'd the contrary. | 


"Tis certain, ſuppoſing my ConjeQure to be right upon the Paſſage now in Queſtion, Suaxz- 
SPEARE might I have ſaid diſplac'd, as e's, t by her ; but I appeal to all the * 
more Critical Readers of our Poet, whether it is not his Cuſtom, to love an unuſual Term 
where a common one might ſerve his Turn. As I preſume He has here choſe diſſege to an- 
ſwer diſplace, ſo in his CORIOLANUS he has induſtriouſly adopted another Word to expreſs the 
fame Mcanin g. Page 132. | | | 


\© 
_ nw” wwe. oo — — — 


_y 


190 


EMENDATI ON 


To be as brief as poſſible in my Reaſons for 1 N this P 


EMenDATION. 


The APPENDIX. 


Cl. Bid. Page 162. en 
—— THIS 1S HER HONOUR; © A | 
Let it be granted You have ſeen all this, : 
Praiſe be #0 your Remembrance, the Deſcription _ | 
Of What is in her Chamber nothing ſever i; 
The Wager you have laid. Denne 


0 


10 
* - 


ze. --- „bee a Liber- 
tine in his Thoughts of Women, w 3 with —— war he will debauch his Wife, fo 
that he can 13; Acceſs to her. the Bett, and L Way by Letters 


to his Wife for Fachimsd's Introduction, . Jae Ae de e tends to NES carried his 
Point ; and, in Confirmation, is very minute in deſc to the Huſband all the Furniture 
and Adornments ot his Wife's Bedchamber. thou, is ine F Take any JAR a Princeſfs's 
Honour ? tis an ſuitable to her D 1 


racter. I am perſuaded the Poet intended his * daa fax, ks pore nr particular De 
. ſcription, that you make, can't convince me that I'ye loſt my ager; your Memory ir is good ; 
* and Some of theſe Things you may have learg'd from a third I therefore expect 
* Proofs more direct and authentick. ” If 1 do not — myſelf therefore, there is little 
aun but we ought to reſtore the Place thus: 
ears THIS T'HER'HONOUR? | 
Let it be granted, Na have ſeen all This, 
Praiſe be, &c, 


CII. Did. Page 216. 


Oar Britain's HEARTS dye AY wot our Moy ; 
To Darkneſs fleet Souls that fly backwards ! 


I ſhould have look'd upon This in the Rank of a mere-literal Error, but that I find it is ſo 


EMENDATION, 


* us, 


faithfully Copied from the old Editions; * makes me 11 the Editor did not attend 
to the Poets Senſe in it. Correct, with the "greateſt 


Our Britain's HARTS die chi, wor ver Men a 1 
4. e. our Harts, or Gags, re receive their Death as hey 0y our * land 2 to it, and 
die fighting. 
CIII. Romeo and JuriEr, Page 2 50. 


Ai irvhe Bud bit witb an envious Worm, n 
Diebe — —— tis, n 
9 his Beawby erb SAME. | gan 


Sure all the Lovers of Shakeſpeare and Poetry will agree with me that -ab is 


here a very idle, dragging Par * as the Grammarians ſtyle it. I do not think the 


Author was any ways neceſſitated to it, ſince· he might by an additional Epithes in the fore- 
oing Verſe have avoided the Fault objected, and epreſd d his Thongut with more Elegance: 


Ere be cav ſpread bis ſweet and infant L cover, 
Or dedicate his Beauty to the Air. 


| 
| 
: 


na „ 


the APPENDIX. 191 


is would have been the Natural Way of conveying his Idea, without thoſe unpleaſing Expletivet: 
— generally in —— — the Cloatbusg of them; andthere> 
fore, Ibelieve, would not have oyer-charg'd This ſo in/ip:dly. When we come to conſider 
that there is fome Power elſe beſides balmy Air, that brings forth, and makes the tender Buds 
ſpread Themſelves, I do not think it improbable that the Poet wrote thus; 


re He cas ſpread bis ſweet Leaves to the Air, 
Or dedicate his Beanty'to the SUN. * ? | * 
* Oy Sunne, accarding to the old Spelling, which bring: it nearer co the Tracts of the corrupted Text. 
CIV. Ibid. Page 29. 

We'll have no Cupid hoadwintd with 4 Scarf, 

Bearing a Tartar's painted Bow of Lath, ” 
| Scaring the Ladies like s CROW-KEEPER. 0 
If there ever was ſuch a Thing as n Crowkeeper, in Nature, I muſt own it is an — 2 — 


uite out of my Acquaintance. And ſurely, the Poet cannot be ſuppoſed to intend by it, a 
arm'd to keep off the Crows ? I would read it, caſhiering only a ſingle Letter; 


Scaring the Ladies lite a COW-KEEPER. 


COM 2 WOO IO no ago or Yo ooegye my ” 


Euxxparion. 


The Herdſinen of Old were uſed to watch in the Field, with Bows and Arrows, to defend 
their Cattle either from Dogs, or any other Injuries : Ob _ my likely to ſcare the Ladies, 


both from the Size of their Bows, and their auk ward Methe managing them. What 


gives me the Foundation for this Suſpicion and Emendation is the following Paſſage in 
, LEAR, Page $6., | 


Lear. There's your Preſi-mony. - - That Fellow handles his Bow like a COW-KEEPER. 


For ſo Mr. Porz has very rightly reſtor'd it ;tho' the ſecond Folio Edition, (as does alſo my 
Quarto, publiſh'd in 16770 = A here too abſurdly --- Crowkeeper. 10 


2 Meas time, we thank you for your Well-TOOK Labour. | 


I have Nothing to _ to the Senſe of this Paſſage, which I forgot to take Notice of in m 
Examination of this Play. The ſecond Folio Edition however has a various Reading, whi 
gives ſome Room for ſuſpecting the Text as it now ſtands. It is there, | 
Mean time, We thank You for your Well-LOOK'D Labour. 
It is probable the Poet might, therefore, have wrote, 1 
Mean time, We thank you for ꝓour Well LUCK D Le. 


To ſay, that their Labour had been weill coał, is faying, methinks, only that they had not lala 
4 vain : But to ſay it was well-lack4, is paſſing 288 of Complement on the Addreſs, Skill, 
and Good Forzanc, of the Perſons employ'd in it. * | | 
Tunis Conjecture is of no Moment, but I embrac'd the Mention of it the mot | 
dily, decauſe ir tends me an ity of cortectiug Myſeif upon Another Paſſage of tl 
fame Play. I ſhould reckon it very difingenuaus, as well as ridiculous, in a Work which I 
have proſeſs'd to have undertakenfor the Reſtoration of SHAKESPEARE, if I ſhould be atham'd | 
to own myſelf miſtaken, and tetract the Error. In my Eighty Ninth Remark upon * HAMLET, * pag. 19, &- 
T have call'd in Queſtion the Text upon two Paſſages, where the Poet has made Uſe - — eg. 
| | 0 


192 


EuruDATLoN. 


EMENDATION. 


The APPENDIX: 


Word UNBATED. To avoid Repitition and Prolixity, I ſhall beg Leave to refer the Rea- 
ders back to that Note. Since my 1 this Appendix, I have chang'd my Opinion, 
and begin to think the Tex? may rather explain's, than di/txrb'd or alter d. The Poet is 
peaking of Swords and Foils, and by a Sword" UNBATE haps, he may mean a Sword 
«abated, or not robb'd of its Point, to diſtinguiſh it from a Foyl, which is hlumted and charg'd 
at the End with a Barton. If we are to ſuppoſe the Poet wrote Lnbaited, or daub'd over with 
an Ointment, (as I there conjectured,) it is abſurd for -Laertes to reply to the King, who tells 
him he might eaſily chuſe a Sword ready baited, that he would ano: his Sword for the Pur- 
poſe.: Nor can there be any Occaſion in the Send Paſlage for the Epitbet ENVENOM'D, 
as imbaited ſiguĩties the ſame Thing. But I ſubmit Both Opinions to Judgment. 


* 8 9 * 2 
4 


CVI. OTHELLO, Page 484. r 
Judge Me the World, if tit not groſs in Senſe, — 
* -That Thou ha'ſt pradtiid on Hey with fun Charms, _ 
Albus d ber delicate Youth with Drugs, or Minerals, 
That weakes MOTION. © Pat nes Bd, 


— N having fall'n in Love and married with Othello, Brabantio, her Father, accuſes 
Orhello of having uſed ſome foul Play, and intoxicated her by Drugs and Potions to win her 
over to the Match. But why, Drage to weaken Morios? How then could She have run 
away with him voluntarily from her Father's own Houſe ? Had ſhe been averſe to chuſing 
Othello, tho' he had given her Med cines that cook away the Uſe of her Limbs, might She 
not ſtill have retained her Senſes, and oppoſed the Marriage? Her Father, tis evident from 
ſeveral of his Speeches, is poſitive that She muſt have been absſed in her rational Faculties, 
or She could not have made ſo prepoſterous a Choice as to wed with a Moor, a Black, and re- 
fuſe the fineſt Young Gentlemen in Fenice. What then have We to do with her Motion be- 
ing weaken'd ? If I underſtand any Thing of the Poet's Meauing here, I cannot but think he 
mult haye wrote, 3 1 8 

Abus'd ber delicate Youth with Drugs, or Minerals, 

That weaken NOTION, *' wh e 
i. e. her Apprebenſion, right Conception, and Idea of Things, Underſtanding, Fadgment, &c. 
"Tis frequent with us 5 * Notion of ſuck'a Thing, when we would mean, 
We do not very clearly underſtand it. The Claſſics, I think, have employ'd the Word in the 
ſame Senſe : And Cicero, I remember, to quote no worſe an Auth „ has defin'd it thus 
for Us. NoTIONEM appello, quod Græci tim ie, tim molanw. 


*CVIE Bid. Page 555. : eu n 
What if I ſaid, Pad ſeen him do you Wrong ? 
Or heard bim ſay, as Knaves be ſuch abroad, 
Who having by their own importunate Suit, 
Or voluntary Dotage of ſome Miſtreſs, * 
Convinced, or SUPPLIED them, cannot chuſe 
But they muſt blab. --- 2 
| | not iſh" a more remarkable Inſtance of Corraption, or One 
2 525 4 which I propos d to my ſelf of — All the 
Editions concur in the Reading, and yet I'll be bold to ſay, tis neither Sexſe, nor intelligible 


7 
nor conveys our Author's Sentiment as it ſtands: So that it may fairly be look 'd upon to 


1 4 


| have been one of his Loci deſperati. His Meaning is undoubtedly This; That there are ſome 


ſuch long-tongued Knaves in the World, who, if thro? the Force of Importunity obtain 
— — from their Miſtreſs, or if thro” her own Fondnefs they make her pliant to their 
Deſires, cannot help boaſting of their Succeſs. Reſtore it, without the leaſt — 2 71 


— 


The APPENDIX. 


Or volumtary Dozage of ſome Miſtreſs, 1 5 
Convine'd, er SUPPLED them, they cannot cu 


I have already obſerv d, in the Courſe of theſe Sheets, that it is uſual with SHAKESeeaARe, 
thro! Nell ence or Licentioaſneſs, to change his Numbers, as he does here: So no more 
need be laid on that Head. To ſapple, tis well known, is to make plant and flexible ; and 
is particularly a Term in $ „ when any Part, ſwoln and ſtiff, is by Fomentations, &c. 
reduced, and made ſoft and To convince is peculiar in its Senſe; it is not, as 
in the common Acceptation, to make ſenſible of the Truth of any N Reaſons and 
Arguments; but to overcome, get the better of, &c. As the U of the Term in this Sort 
is one of the Author's Singularities, 1! produce two or three Paſſages, in Support of This 
before us, where it bears the ſame Senſe. 


MACBETH, Page 580. 


Ay, Sir, there are 4 Crew of wretched Souls 
That ſtay his Care; their Malady convinces 
The great Aſſay of Art. * * 


Love's Lazouk LosT, Page 173. 
And tho the mourning Brow of Progeny 
Forbid the ſmiling Courteſy of Love, 
The holy Suit which fain it would convince, &c. 
And ſoin* CyunELiNE, more aptly to the Place for which I bring theſe Authorities; 


Mar Italy container None ſo accompliſb'd « Conrtier to convince the Honour of 
my M. 


193 


* Page 136. 


At tandim Manum de Tabuld. ---- I have endeavout'd to _ my ſelf of the Promiſes Couci ustox. 
thr 


made in my Introdadiox, and produc'd, and corrected, Errors throughout the Poet, nume- 
rous, when we conſider This as a SPECIMEN only; of no Number, when compar'd with 
that 2 Quantity, which remain behind in Store to make our Author pou . I may, 
indeed, fay with Mr. Pork, that I have gone thro' this Work with more Labour than I can 
expect Thanks: | have run a Riſque, and muſt wait the Sentence of the Pablick, whether I 
have gone upon a miſtaken View of Reputation, or whether I have done any Thing to ſet 
SHAKESPEARE in a clearer Light than his Ed#ors have hitherto done. It is upon this Iſſue I 
ſhall be determin'd, whether I have already written too much on the Subject; or, whether I 
may promiſe my ſelf Encouragement in proſecuting a Deſign, that ſavours more of pablick 
Spirit than private —_ 1 | | 

I ought to be in ſome Pain for the Figure that theſe Sheets may make, this being the fr/# 
Eſſay of literal Criticiſm upon any Autor in the ExcLisy Tongue. e Alteration of a 
Letter, when it reſtores Senſe to a corrupted Paſſage, in a learned Language, is an Atchieve- 
ment that brings Honour to the Critict who advances it: And Dr. BENTLEY will be remem- 
ber'd to Poſterity for his Performances of this Sort; as long as the World ſhall have any Eſ- 
teem for the Remains of Menander and Philemon. But I no more pretend to do Juſtice to 
pat Great Man's Character, than I would be thought to ſet my own poor Merit, or the 

of this Work, in Competition with bis. 


D d I mut 


© nm roma 


—_ 


The APPENDIX: 
| 4 
I muſt expect ſome Attacks of Wit, upon being engag'd in an U of ſo much 
Novelty : he Aſſaults that are meerly * meer! atick, I ſhall have | Reſolution 
. to deſpiſe; And, I hope, I need be under no great .Concern- for. Thoſe, which can proceed 
from a generous Antagoniſt. Wherever I am nuftaken, it will be a Pleaſure to me to be cor- 
refed, ſince the Publick will at the ſame Time be andeceiv'd: And wherever I have the 
Luck to be right in any Obſervation; I flatter my ſelſ Mr. Porz himſelf will be pleas d, 
that SHAKESPEARE receives ſome Benefit. | . | | 
But to paſs from Apologies on Account of theſe Sheets, however they may be recei- 
ved; I have a Number of s to beg of my SUBSCRIBERS, Who have done ine the 
Honour to wait ſo long for my Tranſlation of AscnyLus. My beſt Plea will be, that 
I have, in this Interval, at the — 2 of Copper Plates to be prefix d to each Play. 
that I may by Ornament, at lea e up in Part for the Defects of my own Power, 
And as the DiSSERTATION, tobe prefix'd to that Work, is deſign'd a —_— Hiſtory 
of the Auciem STAGE in all its Branches, I hope it will be agreed in my Fayour, that 
the Materials for ſuch. a ColleQion muſt be i#rie#/d by the Delay. 5 


7 e 
” p * 


4 ae 


0 


vgs 135 Next Week will be Publifyd, N | 
THE Lives and moſt remarkable Maxims of the Ancient Philoſophers . Tranſlated from the 
T French of the famous Monſieur Texelon, Archbiſhop of Cambray. 


1 


