2858 



GHA- 



Double 



... miii'ii "itm 



^ 2 







<$ameU HniuerBUg Sibracg 

at^aia, SJew fork 



THE GIFT OF 



Oxcttvo-'i-^ 



The dilte shows when fhis volume was taken. 

To renew this book cony the call No. and give to 
the librarian. 

.HOME USE RULES 

All Books subject to recall 

All bojcrowers must regis- 

ter in the library to borrow 

books for home use. 

All bool<s must be re- 
turned at end of college 
year for inspection and 

repairs. 

Limited books must be 

returned within the four 

week limit and not renewed. 
Students must return all 

books before leaving town. 

'^ Officers should arrange for 

the return of books wanted 

during their absence from 

■■-■ town. 

Volumes of periodicals 
and_of pamphlets are held 
in the library as much as 
possible. For, special pur- 

j\ poses they are given oiit for 

a limited time 

Borrowers should not use 

their library privileges for 

,the benefit of other persons. 

X Books of special value 

and gift books, when the 

.-. giver- wishes it, are not 

allowed to circulate. 

Readers are asked to re- 
pojt all cases of bopks 
marked or mutilated. 

Do not deface books by marks and writing. 



Cornell University Library 
PR 2858.A2G74 

Double falsehood. 




3 1924 013 363 894 




Cornell University 
Library 



The original of tiiis book is in 
tine Cornell University Library. 

There are no known copyright restrictions in 
the United States on the use of the text. 



http://www.archive.org/details/cu31924013363894 



WESTERN RESERVE UNIVERSITY BULLETIN 

New Series 

Vol. XXIII MAY, 1920 No. 3 

LITERARY SECTION SUPPLEMENT 

Western Reserve Studies, Vol. I, No. a 



Double Falsehood 



A New Edition by 

Walter Graham, Ph. D., 

Assistant Professor of English, Adelbert College, 
Western Reserve University. 



CLEVELAND, O. 



PREFACE 



Among the plays attributed to Shakespeare on 
unsubstantial grounds, Double Falsehood has peculiar 
claims to interest. Altho it has received less atten- 
tion in the past than many dramas much less worthy, 
the Fair Em, the Birth of Merlin, and the Puritan, for 
example, several well known scholars are now regard- 
ing it with great favor. Because the problems con- 
nected with this play are, and may be for a long time 
to come, unsettled ones, I have reproduced the dedica- 
tion, preface, and text of the first edition, as faithfully 
as possible. Reissued thus, in very nearly the form, 
of its original printing, it should be convenient for 
the work of seminar students and the reading of lovers 
of the Elizabethan drama. 

I must acknowledge my profound obligation to 

Mr. Gamaliel Bradford, who in a letter of 1916 first 

suggested to me the task of editing Double Falsehood 

in a new edition, and has since given me counsel and 

help. Professor A. H. Thorndike gave me assistance 

in my first study of the subject. And I make with 

pleasure acknowledgments also to Professors W. H. 

Hulme, R. F. Jones, R. S. Forsythe, and Mr. Mark 

Van Doren, for various services in connection with 

this work. 

Walter Graham. 

1920. 



INTRODUCTION 



I. THE PLAY 

Double Falsehood has occupied an important, tho not always 
well recognized, place in Shakespeare controversy, since the day in 
1727 when Lewis Theobald announced his possession of an unpub- 
lished play by the great dramatist. Theobald himself "revised and 
adapted" it for the stage; and the piece was brought out at 
Drury Lane on the 13th of December, after the curiosity of the 
public had been excited by rather unusual methods of advertising — 
preliminary newspaper notices directing attention to the question of 
its alleged authorship, and calling upon the people to render a 
decision. The acted play met with distinct success. One writer in 
the Weekly Journal or British Gazetteer said, "By the unanimous 
applause with which this play was received by considerable audi- 
ences for ten nights, the true friends of the drama had the satisfac- 
tion of seeing that author (i. e., Shakespeare) restored to his rightful 
possession of the stage."^ Ten nights was a good run in those days. 
Double Falsehood seems to have been performed at least twice more 
during that season.- A revival took place at Covent Garden, April 
24, 1776, as a benefit for Gibson. The piece was played at Hull's bene- 
fit on May 6 of the same year.^ And before the end of the century, 
at least three other benefit performances in which the play was used 
are recorded. As a reading play it also met with favor. In 1728 
two editions were printed in London and one in Dublin. Later 
editions are those of 1740 (no copy of which has come to my notice 
in the British Museum or in this country) and 1767. The libraries 
of America today report less than a dozen copies of the old editions 
— a fact which justifies the printing of a new edition based on that 
of 1728. A final detail of interest is the royal license, issued in 
1727, which gave Theobald the sole right of printing and publishing 
the piece for a term of fourteen years (see p. 2). For the sum of 

^No. 142, Feb. 10, 1728. For the success of Double Falsehood on the stage, see also 
Gentleman's Magazine, 1824, p. 223, and Genest's Some Account of the English Stage, 
Bath, 1832, III, pp. 203-4. 

'Biographia Dramatica, Vol. II, 173. 

sGenest, V, 136. Cf. VI, 210; VII, 117; and VII, 34. 



4 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

one hundred guineas, however, Theobald sold his right jn July of 
the next year.* 

II. SOURCES OF DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 

Much of the renewed interest in Double Falsehood is the result 
of attempts which have been made to connect it with History of 
Cardenio, a non-extant play, which appears to have been acted 
by Shakespeare's company in 1613, and was credited in the 
Stationer's Register to "Mr. Fletcher and Shakespeare." The ques- 
tion whether Double Falsehood and the History of Cardenio are 
identical is, indeed, the crux of the whole problem, as it stands 
today. But before we approach the discussion from this angle, it is 
necessary to consider the sources from which the author or authors 
derived the plot. 

Altho it has been generally taken for granted that the main 
source of Double Falsehood was — as Theobald asserted — the story 
of Cardenio related in Don Quixote (Part I, Chapters xxiv, xxvii, 
xxviii, xxix, xxxvi, of which it is a close dramatization), yet Pro- 
fessor Rudolph Schevill in 1911 attempted to show conclusively that 
it was not taken from Cervantes's novel at all, but from Adventures 
on the Black Mountains, a version of the Cardenio story, published 
in a collection of "novels" by Samuel Croxall in 1729.° Unless it 
can be shown definitlely that Double Falsehood is based upon 
Shelton's translation of Don Quixote or some other early version of 
the famous work of Cervantes, there can be little reasonable proba- 
bility of Elizabethan authorship. Upon this matter, I shall take the 
liberty to review my own recent paper in Modern Philology.^ 

*See E. Hood, Gentleman's Magazine, Mar. 1824, Vol. XCIV, p. 223. 

There are no variant readings among the three copies of the first edition, but in the 
"Preface of the Editor" in the second edition, the following paragraph was inserted 
(as also without further change, in the third edition) : 

"I had once designed a Dissertation to prove this Play to be Shakespeare's writing, 
from some of its remarkable Peculiarities in the Language, and Nature of the Thoughts; 
but as I could not be sure but that the Play might be attacked, I found it advisable, upon 
second consideration, to reserve that part of my Defense. That Danger, I think, is now 
over; so I must look out for a better Occasion. I am honored with so many powerful 
sollicitations, pressing unto the prosecution of an Attempt, which I have begun with some 
little success, of restoring Shakespeare from thej numerous Corruptions of his Text: that 
I can neither in Gratitude, nor good 'Manners, longer resist them. I therefore think it 
not amiss here to promise, that, tho' private Property should so far stand in my way, as 
to prevent mefrom putting out an Edition of 'Shakespeare, yet, some way or other, if I 
live, the Publick shall receive from my Hand his whole works corrected, with my best 
Care and Ability. This may furnish an Occasion ion speakiivg more at large concerning 
the present Play; For which Reason I shall now drop it for another Subject." 

^Modern Philology, IX, 285 ft. "Select Collection of Novels and Histories in Six 
Volumes. • • • All New Translated from the Originals, by several eminent Hands, 
Second Edition. I^n., 1729," Vol. I, 313-338. 

•Vol. XIV, Sept 1916, pp. 79-81. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 5 

In the course of his argument, Professor Schevill showed that 
the novel and play parallel each other in the order of events much 
more closely than either does the original story in Shelton, that the 
novel contains details of the story common to itself and Don Quixote 
which are not found in the play, and that there seem to be no details 
common to the original and Double Falsehood which are not in 
Adventures also. From these evidences he concluded that the novel 
and not Shelton's translation was the source of the play. The ap- 
parent chronological difficulty, he overcame by reasoning that since 
both play and novel were printed by John Watts, Theobald probably 
saw the manuscript of the latter early enough to base the play upon 
it. In summary. Professor Schevill said. , 

Either the play is neither by Fletcher .nor Shakespeare, or the 
play is not taken from The Adventures on the Black Mountains. But 
I have shown that there is a definite relation between the novel and the 
play, namely, that the ktter is based upon the former, and thus 
belongs t the eighteenth century. . . . If it cam' be asserted that 
Double Falsehood is a slavish dramatization of the novel, it has be- 
came unnecessary to insist that there is not the remotest possibility 
that ThetWd had t^ lost History of Cardenio either by Shakespeare 
or Fletcher as basis for his play, Double Falsehood. 

Before making any further attempts to connect Double False^ 
hood with the lost Cardenio, it becomes necessary to show that the 
former does wof depend on Adventures on the Black Mountains; for 
Schevill's case, if sound, seems to preclude any possibility of Eliza- 
bethan authorship. As he pointed out, there are some passages 
common to the novel and Don Quixote which are not found in the 
play. This is evidence beyond doubt that the "translator" of Croxall's 
version went to Shelton for his main story. But he has overlooked 
some verbal and phrasal parallels between Shelton and Double 
Falsehood which indicate the author or authors of the play also 
went directly to this early translation of Cervantes. For the ex- 
cerpts given below, notice that the novel has either no parallel 
passage or one which does not follow Shelton as closely as that 
from the play. 

1. Shelton, IV, i, 2. 

"How much more grateful companions will these cragges and 
thickets prove to my designs, by affoording me leisure to communicate 
my mishaps to heaven with p;laints ; then that if any mortale man living 
since there is none upon earth from whom I may expect counsell in 
doubts, ease in complaints or in harmes remedie." 



6 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Double Falsehood, IV, ii. 

"How much more grateful are these craggy Mountains, 

And these wild Trees, than things of nubler Natures, 

For these receive my plaints and mourn again 

In many Echoes to me. All good People 

Are fain asleep forever. None are 1 ft. 

That have the sense, and Touch of Tenderness 

For Virtue's sake : No, scarce their Memory : 

From whom I may expect Counsel i« Fears, 

Ease to Complainings, or Redress of Wrongs.'' 

Adventures contains nothing at all. 

2. Shelton, IV, i, 3. 

Double Falsehood, IV, ii. 

"This bodie. since it is not Lucinda, can be no human creature, but 
a divine." 

Double Falsehood, IV, ii. 

"Since she is not Leonora, she is heavenly.'' 
Adventures contains nothing of this. 

3. Shelton, IV, i, 5 and 11. 

"Lady, whatsoever you be, stay and fear nothing * * *" 
"" * * is it possible that you are named Dorothea?" 

Double Falsehood, IV, ii. 

"Stay, Lady, stay : can it be possible 
That you are Violante?" 

Adventures, p. 334. 

The story teller whom he now recollected to be Dorothea * * ♦ 

4. Shelton, III, xi, 267. 

(Messenger to Cardenio) * * * "For, Sir, I know you very 
well." 

Double Falsehood, II. iv. 

Leon. "Know you Julio, Sir?" 

Mess. "Yes, very well ; and love him, too, as well." 

Nothing in Adventures. 

5. Shelton, III, xi, 269. 

"I carry about with me a poniard secretly, which may hinder more 
resolute forces by giving an end to my life." 

Double Falsehood, III, ii. 

Stage direction, Shows a dagger. Leonora then threatens to 
kill herself if Julio does not hide while the wedding takes place. 
Adventures contains no mention of dagger until the episode of 
Leonora's fainting l9,ter, details of which are common to all three. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 



t 



6. The song of Cardenio (Shelton, III, 250) may have suggested 
a similar lament sung by Violante in Double Falsehood. There 
is no song in the novel. 

7. Shelton, IV, i, 1. 

"J esteem it better to find Don Fernando unmarried than married, 
presuming that yet the gates of my remedy were not wholly shut 
* * * heaven had peradventure set that impediment on the second 
marriage, to make him understand what he ought to the first :" 

Double Falsehood, III, iii. 

"Yet there remains a little Spark of Hope 
That lights me to some Comfort. The Match is crossed ; 
The Parties separate: and I again 
May come to see this Man that has betrayed me ; 
And wound his Conscience for it ;" 

This motive for her following him is not given in Adventures. 
She leaves home "to be lost to her friends." 

It must be clear from a comparison of these passages that 
the original author or aiithors of Double Falsehood not only followed 
Shelton's translation but followed it closely in some details of the 
story. Some of the excerpts of the play, notably the first three 
listed, are little more than paraphrases of the original. We must 
conclude, then, that both the translator of Adventures and the 
authors of Double Falsehood went to Shelton for the story of 
Cardenio. 

Verbal and phrasal parallels, such as those listed a:bove from Von Quixote 
and Double Falsehood, are common between plays and their sources in Elizabethan 
times. Similar parallels may be seen in Two Noble Kins-men and the Knightes 
Tale, tn Henry VIII and Cavendish's Life of Wolsey, in Love's Pilgrimage and 
The Two Damsels and in The Chances and The Lady Cornelia. The hearse trick 
(invading the convent by means of a fake funeral procession, and abducting 
Leonora) probably needs no other sources than the suggestions furnished by two 
incidents in other parts of Don Quixote, one in book II, chap, v, and another near 
the end of the iirst part. 

But how are we going to account for the obvious parity of 
the two in details not found in Shelton? 

The first edition of Croxall's novels and histories (1720) was 
so well received by the public that a second was brought out in 
1729 with ten additional selections, one of which was Adventures 
on the Black Mountains. Of the new tales, this was the only one 
from Cervantes or a Spanish source, although the first edition prob- 
ably contained a good number. The three volumes I have seen of 
the six-volume set contain four,, all derived from the Novelas Ex- 
emplares.'' These stories from the novelas actually are what 

''The Jealous Sstremaduran, vol. i, 243 ff; The Little Gipsy, v. 1; The Spanish Lady 
of England, yi, 189; The Lady Cornelia, vi, 239. 



8 • WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Croxall professes the entire collection to be — mere translations. 
The story of Cardenio in Adventures, on the contrary, is consider- 
ably changed from the original in Shelton. It is shortened to two- 
thirds, the order of events is changed, and some details are added, 
as Schevill himself shows. This is hardly "New Translated from 
the Original." Such a change in the original Cardenio story would 
be made rather for a dramatic purpose than any other; 

In view of the similarity in general outlines of Adventures and 
the play, it seems plausible that while Croxall was planning his 
second edition he perceived the popularity of Double Falsehood as 
an acted play, recognized its source in Cervantes, and d'Ptermined to 
take advantage of the public interest in the story by including it in 
his new work. Consequently, he (or the "translator," whoever he 
was) furbished up Shelton, as Schevill says, but did so under the 
conscious or unconscious influence of the play with which he was 
familiar. The result of this process, Croxall calls on the title 
page of the story, "A Tale upon which the Plan of a Posthumous 
Play, called Double Falsehood, was written originally by W. Shake- 
speare." Schevill quotes the statement in the preface, which is, 
"This is the novel from which the Plan of a Posthumous Play, 
written originally by Shakespeare, called Double Falsehood, was 
taken," and assumes that the novel referred to is the Adventures. 
Is it not more likely that by "novel" or "tale" Croxall merely 
referred to the story of Cardenio in Don Quixote, of which his 
version purported to be a translation? I find no allusion to any 
intimacy between Theobald and Croxall such as we should expect 
if the former was in the habit of looking over the other's manu- 
scripts more than a year before their publication. 

There can be little doubt, then, about the immediate source of 
Double Falsehood. But whether it was written, in its original form, 
soon after the publication of Shelton's translation (1612), as must 
have been the case with the History of Cardenio, or was composed 
at a much later period, is harder to determine. 

Hi. COULD THEOBALD HAVE WRITTEN 
IT HIMSELF? 

Settling thus the matter of the source beyond a reasonable 
doubt gives a fresh interest to the claims of Theobald, who in his 
answer to objectors (See Preface of the Editor) showed not only 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 9 

that he believed the play derived directly from Cervantes, but also 
that he knew nothing of the previous existence of a play on the 
Cardenio theme, attributed to Shakespeare. 

Theobald asserted that he had in his possession three manu- 
script copies of the play. We may infer that all were more or 
less defective in sense, so that some revision and addition was neces- 
sary. They were probably acting versions. One copy, said to be 
over sixty years old, was in the handwriting of Mr. Downes, the 
prompter. It had been previously "in the possession of the cele- 
brated Mr. Betterton, and by him designed to have been ushered 
into the world." Another was obtained from a "noble person," 
who acquainted' Theobald with a tradition that it had been written 
in the time of Shakesi>eare's retirement from the stage and given 
by him to a natural daughter. The third was purchased "at a 
good rate." These statements regarding the manuscripts leave 
much to be desired. Yet it is quite possible, if Theobald had such 
manuscripts in his hands, that he could give little account of their 
history. None of his critics seems to have been refuted by sight of 
the manuscripts; but there seems to be no evidence that any of 
them demanded an inspection. 

Nevertheless, from the first, Theobald's integrity was ques- 
tioned. Some in his own time, more because of personal animosity 
than any exercise of critical judgment, accused him of forging the 
play. The insinuation became so common that Theobald felt him- 
self under necessity of repelling the charge (in spite of his state- 
ment in the addition to the Preface noted above). He did so in 
the dedication to George Dodington, where he referred to the 
doubt expressed by many that a manuscript of one of Shakespeare's 
plays could have remained so long unknown and unnoticed, and 
to the further intimation that he had more than an editor's interest 
in it. Yet the play, he added, had been received with general 
applause. These doubters, therefore, while admitting that they 
were pleased, and yet implying that they were imposed upon, were 
paying him a greater compliment than they designed or he de- 
served. 

In spite of his denial, however, the belief that Double Falsehood 
was a forgery from Theobald's own pen continued to exist in the 
minds of many. Both at the time of publication and later, direct 
charges were made to that effect. Adherents of Pope were especi- 
ally out-spoken in their skepticism; and the less they knew about 



10 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

it the more positive they were on the point. A fragment of poetry 
quoted by Lounsbury illustrates the vigor of assaults not infre- 
quently made. The lines were written by "a young gentleman of 
Cambridge." 

"See Theobald leaves the lawyer's gainful train, 

To wrack with poetry his tortured brain; 

Fired or not fired, to write resolves with rage, 

And constant pores o'er S' akespeare's sacred page ; 

— Then starting cries, I something will be thought, 

I'll write — then — boldly swear 'twas Shakespeare wrote. 

Strange! he in poetry no forgery fears. 

That knows so well in law he' a lose his ears."* 

Pope, in a note in the Dunciad, ridiculed Theobald's reasons for 
ascribing the play to Shakespeare, and recorded his belief that 
the Editor himself was the author. Yet ten years later, in a letter 
to Aaron Hill, he declared he never supposed the play to be 
Theobald's, but took it to be of the age of Shakespeare.' 

It was only natural that the claims of Theobald were doubted 
by many of his contemporaries. Literary forgeries were not un- 
common in that period. Theobald was not tactful in claiming as 
his own the passage — 

"-Strike up, my Masters; 
But touch the Strings with a religious Softness : 
Teach sound to languish on thro' the Night's dull Ear, 
Till Melancholy start from her lazy Couch, 
And Carelessness grow Convert to Attention." 

This can hardly be said to damn him, altho critics had picked 
out this passage as the best in the play. Other eighteenth cen- 
tury redactors took pride in their revisions and additions. Again, 
it was unfortunate that another play. The Perfidious Brother, pro- 
duced as his work in 1715, had been claimed by an man named 
Meystayer, with the result that Theobald had been accused of 
literary theft. Apparently it was unactable as originally written, 
and Theobald, in "revising and adapting" it for Meystayer, had so 
changed the text that he felt justified in considering it his own 
work.^" As E. H. C. Oliphant has noted, claiming another's work 
is hardly the same as giving another credit for work that is one's 
own.^^ Theobald seems to have easily cleared himself of Mey- 

»See Text of Shakespeare, N. Y., 1906, p. 148. Lines quoted from Grub-Street Journal, 
No. 98, Nov. 18, 1731. 

'Works, Edition of Elwin and Courthope, X, p. 53. 

MJones, Lewis Theobald, N. Y., 1919, p. 21. 

''^Notes and Queries, 12th Series, No. 89, Feb. 191$, p. 30. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 11 

Stayer's accusation, even his confessed enemies making little of it. 
There is no doubt, however, that these two matters weighed against 
Theobald's word when he produced an alleged Shakespeare manu- 
script. 

But with the passage of time and the working over of the pro- 
blem by various scholars, in the light of new facts, the tendency 
to regard Double Falsehood as Theobald's own has gradually died. 
To the objection that Theobald would not be likely to have in his 
possession three manuscripts of the play, Oliphant has answered 
well.^^ Theobald, if preparing to revise the play and fit for the 
stage, would probably try to secure all the copies of the manuscript 
he could, since the value of his copyright would be seriously im- 
paired if some one else published the play as it stood in the 
original. The disappearance of the manuscripts has caused much 
skepticism, but as an argument may be over-estimated. Plenty of 
other cases are on record of old plays thus disappearing. Manu- 
scripts were not valued then as they are today. One possible ex- 
planation, which has been brought forward, is that of the sale 
shortly after his death,^' of Theobald's library, containing a num- 
ber of old plays. The sale took place in 1744. In or about 
1750 Warburton's infamous cook destroyed in a memorable holo- 
caust a number of plays by Shakespeare. Fleay seems inclined to 
identify one of the burned plays with the History of Cardenio, 
with no thought of Double Falsehood. It is not impossible that 
Warburton had come into possession of one or more of Theobald's 
manuscript copies. Again, the omission of Double Falsehood from 
his edition of Shakespeare's works subsequently issued, should be no 
great cause for disbelief in Theobald's honesty. To have included 
the play would presumably have interfered with Theobald's copy- 
right of it, or at least with the profits of the owner of this copy- 
right, which still had eight years to run. Under these circum- 
stances, Theobald, or those holding the copyright, would not wish 
to have it disturbed. It is surely worthy of note that Theobald 
makes a deliberate reference to Double Falsehood in the 
notes. Most modern scholars who have investigated the 
matter see no real reason foi attributing the authorship of 
the piece to Theobald, altho on his own testimony it is known that 
he made revisions and additions. Indeed, many of Theobald's 

^Notes and Queries, Feb. 1919, p. 31. 
^'Variorum Shakespeare, I, 178. 



12 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

claims and assertions could easily have been disposed of at the 
time, if he had not been acting in good faith. 

Finally, the stock objection that Double Falsehood cannot be 
an Elizabethan play because, it is so short, seems to be answered by 
comparing it with Theobald's versions of Richard II. (1720) and 
the Duchess of Malfi (1736). The former was by his revision re- 
duced from 2500 lines to 1575, while the number of blank verse 
lines in the latter was diminished from approximately 2000 to 1590. 
Double Falsehood has 1447 lines. Theobald apparently regarded a 
play of abojit 1500 lines the right length for the stage of his day. 
Thus, in revising for the stage, he would undoubtedly have cut 
down any Elizabethan manuscript in his possession to about the 
number of lines found in Double Falsehood. 

In this connection, it occurred to me a few years ago to try 
simple verse tests on Double Falsehood and Theobald's acknow- 
ledged work.^* The results seem to show, as decisively as such 
internal evidences can, that the critic could not have written the 
play himself without departing considerably from his accustomed 
manner. I applied the tests for feminine endings, run-on lines, and 
weak and light endings — all of which proved of value in determin- 
mining Elizabethan authorship — as well as an additional test, with 
results which appear at least significant. For this purpose. The 
Persian Princess, Electra (a translation), and Orestes were most 
available, works perhaps as representative as any of Theobald's 
style in blank verse. The first two were written some time before 
the publication of Double Falsehood, the last, two or three years 
after. Yet note that the three conform to one another more closely 
in the peculiarities of style I have tabulated than any one of them 
does to Double Falsehood. 





lines 


£. c. 


r. a. 1. 


w. &1. 
ends 


fern. caes. 
line pause 


P. Princess (1711) 


1278 


20.S 


IS. 


.08(10) 


12. 


Electra (1714) 


1376 


16. 


9. 


.06(8) 


11. 


Double Falsehood (1728) 


1447 


38.1 


18.3 


.15(22) 


19.6 


Orestes (1731) 


1606 


22.6 


10. 


.025(4) 


8. 



Mr. Gamaliel Bradford has pointed out the frequency in 
Double Falsehood of feminine endings composed of two mono- 

'^modern Philology, XIV, No. 5, Sept. 1916, 82 fif. 

'"I adapted the definitions of the run-on line and the weak and light endings which 
are found in the report of the St. Petersburg Shakespeare Circle {Bnglische Studien, III, 
473 ff.). Only the blank verse was considered, and full lines were counted in every 
case. 

The Perfidious Brother (1715) was not examined because of the uncertainty as to its 
authorship. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 13 

syllabic words — a very remarkable characteristic of Fletcher's style. 
There are in all 137 such endings in Double Falsehood, whereas 
Electra and Orestes have 20 and 27 respectively. In the first, 30 
different words are given 'the final unemphatic position, while in 
Electra only 6 and in Orestes 7 are thus used. Theobald's range 
is apparently limited to it, me, them, him, you, and us, only three 
other words being found in the two plays. In Double Falsehood, 
not only is there a suggestive variety, but Sir and not are found 
11 and 10 times used in this way. Now Fletcher was noticeably 
fond of these words as endings, and his use of them is exempli- 
fied in The Chances, written about 1615, where Sir is found 22 
times and not 11 times. In this play, Fletcher uses 39 different 
final words, with a total of 234 cases. Since a discussion of 
Fletcherian authorship belongs to another part of this Introduction, 
let it suffice here to note that all our figures seem to refute the 
accusation that Theobald forged the play himself. 

Whatever the sources of the manuscripts he possessed, Theo- 
bald stoutly asserted his belief that Shakespeare was the original 
author. Theobald's contemporaries and later scholars, however, 
whether they considered Theobald honest or not, were not so confi- 
dent regarding the origin of the play. The fact that Double False- 
hood was ascribed to Shakespeare in the manuscript had little 
weight. In that peculiarity it had many companions. Some of 
Theobald's contemporaries assigned it to Fletcher, as the critic 
himself notes in his Preface. Farmer reached very positive con- 
clusions on this point. He declared it could not be by Shakespeare, 
because aspect was accented on the first syllable instead of the 
final one. Farmer attributed the play to Shirley, doing so partly 
because of Langbaihe's statement regarding the plays Shirley left 
in manuscript. Dyce agreed with Farmer, and said he would 
have included the play in Gifford's and his edition of Shirley, had 
he possessed one of the manuscripts.^^ Internal evidence^ — we are 
told — convinced Malone it was the work of Massinger. Gifford, 
who had a high opinion of the play, denied Theobald's authorship 
on that groimd alone. He connected it with Elizabethan drama, 
because of the use of comparison for caparison. O. G. Gilchrist, 
reviewing the Biographia Dramatica in the Quarterly Review, was 
of the opinion that Double Falsehood was Shirley's, as Farmer 
conjectured. Gilchrist remarks, "And the internal evidence of that 

"Works of Shirley, Lon. 1833, vol. I, p. lix. 



14 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

play strongly confirms his decision."^^ Baker said he believed few- 
gave credit to Theobald's assertion, altbo the play met with con- 
siderable success, and was the last in which Booth ever appeared." 
Ward, in his English Dramatic Literature in 1899, merely gave 
his belief that the attribution of the play to Shakespeare had been 
generally rejected.^® Theobald is discredited by Halliwell-Phillips, 
but merely because the history of the manuscript as given by the 
editor was not satisfactory.^" Churton Collins thought Double 
Falsehood might be founded on some old play, but is for the most 
part from Theobald's own pen.^^ Jaggard considers Reed's con- 
jecture the "shrewdest" — that Theobald was the author. But he 
seems to believe that the play was actually based on Croxall's ver- 
sion of the Cardenio story.'"'. D. Nichol Smith, in order to illustrate 
how a very little matter reveals a forgery, cites two cases of the 
wrong pronunciation of aspect (as if Theobald, among other emen- 
dations, would not certainly have changed any words having an 
accent not curient in 1727), but says, "After all. Double Falsehood 
is superior to Theobald.""' He assigns it unreservedly to Shirley. 

Sir Sidney Lee sees nothing in the play to suggest Shake- 
speare's pen, but advances a theory, i.e., Theobald "took advantage 
of a tradition that Shakespeare and Fletcher had combined to 
dramatize the Cervantic theme." Schelling agrees with Lee. But 
there is no proof of such a tradition as Lee refers to. In fact, 
there is the strongest reason for saying that Theobald had never 
heard the slightest hint of collaboration between these two Eliza- 
bethans. If he had not been ignorant of the fact that the names 
of Shakespeare and Fletcher had ever been connected with a play 
on the subject, would he not have used it to reinforce his case? 
The enemies of Theobald — also ignorant of the tradition — regarded 
the coloring, diction, and characters as nearer to the style and 
manner of Fletcher. This view Theobald denied. He would cer- 
tainly have welcomed it heartily if he had known of any Shake- 
speare and Fletcher collaboration. 

At one time in his life Oliphant made the statement that noth- 
ing in the play could have been written by Shakespeare or Fletcher 

^''Quarterly Review, VII, 290. Authorship obtained from Murray's Register. 

^BiograpMa Dramatica, Lon. 1728, II, 92. 

"Lon. 1899, II, 212. 

''Outlines, Lon. 1882, 194. 

^Essays and Studies, Lon. 1895, p. 312. 

^Shakespeare Bibliography, p. 304, 

^''Eighteenth Century Essays, 179-181. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 15 

either. Last year he confessed his eaily reading to have been 
hasty and superficial. He convinced himself, on closer examina- 
tion, that Fletcher's hand is apparent in many lines, and that others 
are at least suggestive of Shakespeare. Oliphant's complete con- 
version leads one to note the weakness of most of the critical com- 
ments I have quoted. With two or three exceptions, the scholars 
cited made no careful study of Double Falsehood before passing 
judgment on it. 

V. THE HISTORY OF CARDENIO 

The important bearing of the History of Cardenio on the 
problem of the authorship of Double Falsehood is now evident, 
and it will be to our advantage to review what is known concerning 
this non-extant play. In 1653 there was entered on the Stationer's 
Register for Humphrey Moseley a play described as "The History 
of Cardenio by Mr. Fletcher and Shakespeare." We learn from 
the accounts of Lord Stanhope of Harrington that forty years 
before this, on May 20, 1613 — shortly after the publication of 
Shelton's translation of Don Quixote — John Heminge was paid on 
behalf of the King's men, for presenting at Court six several plays, 
among which was one called Cardenno or Cardano?'^ On June 
8 Heminge again presented this play, which the later entry called 
Cardema and Cardenna. Undoubtedly, this was a play on the Car- 
denio story, the very story which forms the plot of Double False- 
hood. Like many another early drama, it dropped out of sight 
after these performances, and the next we hear of the name is the 
entry of Moseley in 1653. 

Of course it may be objected here that the attribution of a 
play to Shakespeare and Fletcher after forty years is not of much 
value, especially when made by a man who assigned several other 
very doubtful plays to Shakespeare, and who was in the habit of 
securing the registration of two separate plays as one by entering 
one of them under both titles, the two titles being given as alterna- 
tives. Nevertheless, as Oliphant points out, here are some very 
good reasons for thinking Moseley's entry in 1653 genuine. He never, 
so far as is known, deliberately ascribed a play to an author who 
had no hand in it. The names of Shakespeare and Fletcher were 
probably on the manuscripts he possessed. Besides, we now know 

"For full text of the Lord Stanhope item, see W. E. Henley's introduction to the Tudor 
Edition of Don Quixote, xlvii. (Lon. 1896.) 



16 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

that a play on this subject was presented by the company with which 
Shakespeare and Fletcher were most prominently connected — the 
only company, so far as we know, that Shakespeare was ever 
connected with. And, moreover, this play was produced on the 
stage at a time when these two dramatists were collaborating on 
the Two Noble Kinsmen (1613) and Henry VIII (1613). The 
fact that Moseley did not include the play in the Beaumont and 
Fletcher folio of 1647 probably indicates that he had not secured 
it then (since he did not register it until six years later) ; and the 
folio of 1679 — again we are indebted to Oliphant — ^altho it contained 
an additional eighteen plays, including one for which neither 
author was in any way responsible, does not contain one which 
had not already appeared in print. Similar facts explain its 
absence from the Shakespeare folios. It was too late for inclusion 
in the first two. From the folio of 1664, its omission seems unim- 
portant when we consider that the seven additional plays included 
therein (most of them now rejected by critics) had all of them been 
published earlier in quairto. The publishers may have been ignorant 
of the existence of Moseley's manuscripts. 

Supposing Moseley's entry to be genuine, then the new aspect 
of the problem is obvious. Since Shakespeare and Fletcher are 
known to have been collaborating about 1613 or shortly before, and 
since a play based on the tale in Don Quixote was evidently on the 
stage at that time and seems to have been later registered as by 
"Mr. Fletcher and Shakespeare," may it not be possible to connect 
Double Falsehood with the early dnama (which must have had a 
similar plot), and prove Theobald's assertion of Shakespearean 
authorship, in part at least, true? 

VI. MR. BRADFORD'S THEORY 

Such was the question raised by Gamaliel Bradford in an admir- 
able article in Modern Language Notes in 1910, in which he re- 
viewed the whole controversy over the authorship of Double False- 
hood}^ He quoted Theobald's Preface of the Editor : — 

Others again, to depreciate the Affair, as they thought, have been 
pleased to urge, that tho' the Play may have some Resemblance of 
Shakespeare, yet the Colouring, Diction, and Characters, come nearer 
to the Style and Manner of Fletcher. This, I think, is far from 

^''Vol. XXV, No. 2, pp. 51-56. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 17 

deservinig any Answer; I submit it to the Determination of better 
Jtidp- onts ; tho' my Partiality for Shakespeare makes me wish, that 
Everything which is good, or pleasing, in our Tongue, had been 
owing to his Pen. — ^e 

and then went on to point out convincing indications of Fletcher's 
handiwork. But Bradford did not stop there. He demonstrated 
in a manner so conviflcing as to make other scholars agree with 
him, that the lines of Double Falsehood reveal evidences of the 
work of two hands, one undeniably like Fletcher's, the other with a 
"firm, vivid, masculine, high-wrought, imaginative touch." The 
parts he assigns to Fletcher are II, iii; IV (except about fifty lines 
near the beginning; and V (except a small portion which he does 
not define). In an examination quite independent of Bradford's, 
Oliphant made the same division of the play. The hand which wrote 
the remainder of Double Falsehood, Bradford declares, is either that 
of an Elizabethan, or a very clever imitator. But what Eliza- 
bethan's ? Dulled and obscured by the revisions of Theobald, may 
it not be the hand of Shakespeare ? 

Only a faint idea can be given here of the weight of Mr. 
Bradford's carefully prepared casie, but I shall attempt to sum- 
marize it by reviewing his main points. 

(1) He points out that act V is largely varied from the 
Cardenio story, and is developed in a series of climaxes, exactly 
such as were dear to Fletcher's heart. This is most notable when 
taken in, connection with what is generally known regarding the 
denouements of Beaumont and Fletcher's romances. 

(2) Betrayal of friendship forms the subject of Double False- 
hood, as of the Two Noble Kinsmen, and the madness of the 
jailor's daughter in that play has a counterpart in the madness of 
Julio." 

(2) Of course the girl dressed in boy's clothes is too common 
in Elizabethan drama to be of importance ; but it is significant that 
the old fathers, Camillo and Don Bernard, are not even hinted at in 
the original story, and they are exactly the types of garrulous, 

'»R. F. Jones telieves Theobald himself saw signs of Fletcher in the play, since he 
changed the phrase "in our Tongue" to read "in (hat other Great Poet," in the second 
edition iLeims Theobald, N. Y. 1919, p. 103.) 

■"A study of Fletcher's sources has an important bearing on this point. Ten of the 
plays in which he had a hand were taken from stories of Cervantes. A comparison of 
these with their sources show that the originals were used in much the same way 
the story of Cardenio is used here. Fletcher was using material from Cervantes at about 
the time the History of Cardenio must have been written. Love's Pilgrimage (1614?), 
The Chances (1615), and possibly The Coxcomb (1609-13) are examples of this fact. See 
O. L. Hatcher, John Fletcher, Chicago 1905, p. 48. 



18 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

waspish, fretful, pompous old men, which Fletcher so greatly 
loved. 

(4) In Double Falsehood we have frequent double endings 
formed of two words, such as are common in Fletcher's plays. 

"Yes, I am that Lord Roderick, and I lie not" — III, iii. 
"She's stol'n away; and whither gone, I know not" II. iii. 

Even more characteristic of Fletcher is a line ending in a "now", 
or a "too", or a "yet"— 

"Make up your Malice, and dispatch his Life too." — III, iii. 
"I hope I see that Day before I dye yet." — III, iii. 

And finally, a peculiarly Fletcherian trick is that of ending a line 

with a word which should be emphasized but rhythmically cannot 

be— 

"Pr'thee, be gone, and bid the Bell knoll for roe;" — III, iii. 

(5) Alliteration and parenthesis are abundant in the portions 
of the play assigned by Bradford to Fletcher, and there are fre- 
quent examples of his marked mannerism — repeating words again 
and again. For instance — 

Master. "Come, come, all this is not sufficient, Child, 
To make a Fool of me. This is a fine Hand, 
A delicate fine Hand, — Never hr.nge Colour; 
You understand me, — and a Woman's Hand." — IV, i. 

(6) The adverb extremely, occurring twice in this play, is a 
favorite with Fletcher. It occurs only five times in all Shakespeare, 
against twenty-eight in Fletcher's acknowledged work. 

These points presented by Bradford, are. reinforced by other 
examples from Double Falsehood, in which Oliphant sees the man- 
ner of Fletcher ("the Fletcher of the period of Two Noble Kinsmen 
and Henry VI 11") : 

Cam. "She has a fair blessing in being from you. Sir. 
I was too poor a Brother for your Greatness : 
You must be grafted into noble Stocks 
And have your Titles raised. My State was laughed at 
And my Alliance scorned. I've lost a Son, too. 
Which must not be put up so." 

—in, iii. 

"The Ewes want Water, Sir: shall I go drive 'em 
Down to vhe Cisterns" Shall I make haste. Sir? — 
Would I were five Miles from him ! How he gripes me !" 

-IV, i. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 19 

"And dare you lose these to be Advocate 

For such a Brother, such a sinful Brother, 

Such an unfaithful, treacherous, brutal Brother?"''^ 

-V, i 

Fletcher's hand is regarded as the most individual and most 
easily detected in Elizabethan drama. It can hardly be mistaken 
here, especially since two eminent Fletcher authorities have agreed 
on assigning these sections of Double Falsehood to him. To 
identify the hand which wrote the other parts of the play, however, 
is a more difficult matter. Bradford himself only goes so far as 
to say many lines and phrases in the non-Fletcherian parts have 
to his ear something of a Shakespearean turn, as distinguished from 
Beaumont or Massinger, the writers most likely to have collabor- 
ated with Fletcher. In 1910 he pointed out the following pas- 
sages : 

"You deal unkindly; misbecomingly, 

I'm loth to say: For All that waits on you, 

Is graced and graces." — I, ii. 

" — Such a Villany 
A Writer could not put down in his Scene 
Withou Tax tion of his Auditory 
For Fiction most enormous." — ^III, i. 

" — Young Lords, like you, 
Have thus besung mean V'lndows, rhymed their Sufferings 
Even to the Abuse of Things Divine." — I, iii. 

"What you can say, is most unseasonable, what sing 
Most absonant and harsh." — I, iii. 

Writing to me a few years later, Mr. Bradford said, "Every 
time I return to the play, I am more struck with the presence of 
Elizabethan remnants in the first two acts and a half. These are 
certainly not Fletcher. Neither are they Beaumont, nor, in my 
opinion, Massinger. In fact, I cannot resist the conviction that 
they are Shakespeare. It is not a question of fine passages. It 
is a question of that peculiar elaboration and intricacy of style, 
of the invention and distortion of words, which is at once the 
charm and the danger of Shakespeare's later manner." He gives, 

as instances, 

"Why he hath late 
By Importunity and strained Petition, 
Wrested our Leave of Absence from the Court?" 

—I, i. 

^Notes and Queries, 12th Series, No. 90, Mar. 1919, p. 61. 



20 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

"What Fortune soever my going shall encounter, cannot be good 
Fortune; What I part withal uinseasons any other Goodness." 

—I, ii. 
"Stinting our Farewell-kisses, cutting oflE 
The forms of Parting, and the Interchange 
Of thousand precious Vows, with Haste too rude." 

—I, ii. 

Again, Oliphant joins Bradford in pointing out striking evid- 
ences of Shakespeare's "bold, vigorous touch." He finds such in 
the use of heirs as a verb in I, i, and such lines as 

"Ais if she there sev'n Reigns had slander'd Time." 

— I, iii. 

(With this compare "a weather-beaten conduit of many kings' 

reigns"—^ Winter's Tale, V, ii, 60). 

Those that subtly make their Words their Ward. 
Keeping Address at distance." 

-I, ii. 
"My Flames are in the Hint. 
Haply, to lose a Husband I may weep; 
Never to get one." 

—I, ii. 

He calls the lines — "What you can say is most unseasonable ; what 
sing. Most absonant and harsh" (I, iii) — a Shakespearean coinage 
set in a Shakespearean construction ; and he regards the prose line 
— "Not Love, but brutal Violence prevail'd; to which the Time 
and Place and Opportunity were Accessories most dishonorable;" 
(II, i) — more like Shakespeaie than anyone else.^' Yet Oliphant 
sees also parts which seem to be entirely the work of the reviser, — 
parts of I, i, and I, ii, the whole of II, iii, and II, iv, some of the 
lines in III, ii, and part of IV, i (from the fifth speech succeeding 
Julio's entry to the re-entry of Violante). 

If anyone urges that not even Theobald could have obliterated 
the magic language of Shakespeare so successfully as the reviser 
seems to have done in most of the lines in Double Falsehood, it is 
only necessary to point out the famous revisions and adaptations 
of Elizabethan plays by D'Avenant (MO'Cbeth) , Dennis (Coriolanus) , 
and Theobald himself (Richard II and Webster's Duchess of 
Malfi). Mr. Bradford says very suggestively, "The fact that 
Theobald's revision is much less evident in Fletcher's part of the 
play than in the other, would be easily accounted for if he had 
in one case to deal with the rugged, vigorous, difficult thought of 
Shakespeare's later period, and in the other with Fletcher's fluent 

'^Notes and Queries, 12th Series, No. 90, March 1919, P. 62. 



aris possibly 




by Fletcher 


By another 


754 


693 


44.2 


32. 


15.2 


21.5 


.39(3) 


2.7(19) 


16. 


23.3 


30. 


44.5 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 21 

theatrical rhetoric, and if we remember that the revision was in- 
tended for the stage." 

In an attempt to test the value of Bradford's case, I in 1916 
applied verse tests to Double Falsehood, to see how much differ- 
ence in manner I could detect in the two parts of the play which 
he distinguished. A graphic representation with one line to indicate 
the number of feminine endings in each ten verses and another to 
show the run-on lines, reveals such a perceptible change of manner 
as he has suggested at the beginning of act III, scene iii. Feminine 
endings are mone frequent after this point and run-on lines notice- 
ably less common. Whatever evidence is thus furnished of a dual 
authorship receives support from the other tests I made : 



Lines 

Feminine endings 

Run-on lines 

Weak and light endings 

Feminine caesural line pauses 

Mid-stopt speeches 

Bradford finds 47 per cent of feminine endings in the FletoheT 

pairt. Sin-ce he does not state defi'nitely how mluch of Act V he con- 
siders Fletcher's, I ihave been aible to follow his division only ap- 
proximately. 

The parts by Fletcher show a larger percentage of feminine 
endings. In the other peculiarities of style, the remaining parts 
predominate, especially in the weak and light endings. Nineteen 
to three is a very significant difference. 

If these iigures make it evident that there is a real difference 
of style in the two parts of Double Falsehood as not only Bradford 
but Oliphant also has distinguished them, they serve to demonstrate 
even more clearly and effectively the difference between Theobald's 
acknowledged work and the play under discussion. It seems 
hardly possible that the portion of the latter which contains 44.2 
per cent, of feminine endings was composed in 1727 by the same 
hand that wrote Orestes three years later with only 22.6 per cent. 
Nor does it appear any more likely that the first part of Double 
Falsehood, which contains 19 weak and light endings, was written 
by the same author as the play of 1731, in which there are only 4 
altogether. In the same way we may compare the 10 per cent, of 
run-on lines in Theobald's Orestes with the 21.5 per cent, in Double 



22 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Falsehood. Perhaps other figures are unnecessary to show that 
the latter is not like the avowed works of Theobald. 

Oliphant has observed another fact, which, taken with what 
we already know of Double Falsehood, seems very significant. In 
his collaboration on Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry VIII, Fletcher 
had nothing to do with the opening scenes. A similar apportionment 
of tasks was apparently made by the co-authors of Double False- 
hood. And because a drama based on the Cardenio story was 
played about the time Two Noble Kinsmen and Henry VIII were 
written, I am impelled to include in this Introduction the results 
of other verse tests which I made four years ago. 

I made a comparison of the parts assigned each author with the 
parts of Double Falsehood, using for this purpose the division of 
Two Noble Kinsmen which is to be found in The Facts About 
Shakespeare^" and the partition of Henry VIII employed by Thorn- 
dike in his Influence of Beaum,ont and Fletcher on Shakespeare.^'^ 
The results appear in the following table : 

Double Falsehood T.N.K. Henry VIII 

Parts assigned to Shakespeare 



Lines 


693 


883 


1077 


Feminine endings 


32 


2L5 


28 


Run-on "nes 


2LS 


52. 


54.6 


W. and light endings 


2.7 


8.15 


10.8 


Mid-stopt speeches 


44.5 


64 


68.5 


Double Falsehood 


T.N:K. 


Henry VIII 






Parts assigned to Fletcher 


Lines 


754 


1510 


1447 


Feminine endings 


44.2 


62. 


58. 


Run-on lines 


15.2 


25.8 


26. 


W. and light endings 


.39 


.23 


.22 


Mid-stopt speeches 


30. 


48. 


SL 



It will be noticed that the three columns of figures correspond 
in a general way. That is, the three percentages of feminine end- 
ings in the upper half of the table are smaller than the three in 
the 1( wer half, and the percentages representing the frequency of 
run-on lines in the lower half are in each case smaller than those 

»N. Y.. 1915, p. 160. 

"■The division of Neilson and Thorndike is based upon that of Littledale (.Two 
Noble Kinsmen, N. S. S. Trans., series 2, part 15), and assigns I (28fE), II, HI, iii — , 
IV, and V, i (1-17), ii, iii (104) ft to Fletcher. Thorndike's division of Henry VIII is 
adapted from that of James Spedding (N. S. S. Trans., 1874; appendix, p. 14) and gives 
to Shakespeare I, i-iv, 28; III, i, ii; V, i, 17-73; V, iii, 1-104; V, iv and perhaps the prose 
II, i and IV, iii. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 23 

above. The difference is always in the right direction. The per- 
centages of weak and light endings correspond most noticeably. In 
Double Falsehood, the proportion of feminine endings for the 
second part has more significance than would appear from the 
figure 44.2, for in several individual scenes this rises to 50 per 
cent. To be sure, we should reasonably expect a percentage of 
more than 21.5 of run-on lines in the formei part of Double False- 
hood if Shakespeare wrote it, but since Theobald's own average^- 
as far as I can learn from his plays — was between 10 and 15 per 
cent, this reduction in the number of unstopped lines would be a 
natural consequence of his revision. A consistent levelling such 
as the figures in the table indicate is just what we should expect 
to find in a play which had survived the revisions of Theobald. 

VII. THE PROBLEM AS IT STANDS TODAY 

The question is now being asked: Should Double Falsehood 
be added to the doubtful plays of the Shakespeare canon, such as 
Edward III, and Two Noble Kinsmen f 

The presence of Fletcher's hand in the play seems clearly 
evident, and there may also be sufficient proof to warrant our 
attributing parts of the drama to him. Two eminent Fletcher 
scholars, who have given Double Falsehood their careful attention, 
agree on this point. The external evidence confirms this view, and 
on the whole, may be said to establish a sound case for Fletcher. 
Since this external evidence makes Shakespeare Fletcher*s collabor- 
ator, it renders probable the supposition that the other original 
writer, whose work is still perceptible in the lines, is our great 
master-dramatist. Yet in spite of the evidence, internal and ex- 
ternal, which has been accumulated, no scholar is yet ready to 
declare unreservedly his belief in Shakespeare's participation. The 
shortness of the play (altho' it is nearly as long as T-heobald's 
version of the Duchess of Malfi), the lifeless verse (which may be 
only the result of Theobald's revisions, of course), some of the 
language (altho I have found only half a dozen words in Double 
Falsehood which are too modern in sense to be used in an Eliza- 
bethan play), are arguments raised against assigning it to Shake- 
speare and his contemporary. Such objections seem weak and 
superficial, when the problem is viewed from all sides ; yet the 
hesitation of students today to see Shakespeare's work in anything 



24 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

outside the recognized canon, gives even the most enthusiastic 
pause. New evidence will be needed to stir many scholars from 
what Oliphant calls their "dead set" on Double Falsehood; and the 
whole matter may forever remain what it is at the present time — 
one of the most fascinating and baffling of literary problems. 

In conclusion, it is clear that the problem is far from solution. 
Much still remains to be done. One scholar has suggested that 
II, ii. III, iii, and V, ii, have something reminiscent of Beaumont, 
but not so strongly as to warrant him in supposing Beaumont to 
have been concerned in the work. The use of verse tests on the 
respective non-Fletcherian parts both of Double Falsehood and the 
Beaumont and Fletcher plays, might lead to illuminating results. 
Several have suggested an examination of Theobald's Cave of 
Poverty (1715), his avowed imitation of Shakespeare's early narra- 
tive style. Such an examination could in no conclusive way demons- 
trate his ability to copy the dramatist's later work, tho' it might 
indicate to some extent his ingenuity as an imitator. Professor 
Jones, author of Lewis Theobald, believes Double Falsehood should 
be studied, first of all, in connection with the critic's adaptations 
of Richard II and the Duchess of Malfi. While Professor Forsythe, 
who has given the play lengthy consideration, believes an attempt 
should be made to associate it with the work of minor writers such 
as Daborne, Davenport, and William Rowley. These and other 
lines of inquiry are open to students attracted to the problem. 

The accompanying edition of the play — following Theobald's 
text as closely as possible — will perhaps encourage interest in it, 
by making it more accessible to university students and lovers ot 
Elizabethan drama. 



Double Falfliood; 

O R, 

7/&^DisTRE ST Lovers. 

A 

PLAY. 

As it is Afled at the 

THEATRE-R O Y A L 

I N 

D RU Rr-LA N E. 



W ritten Originally by W. SHAKE ST EAR E ; 

And now Revifcd and Adapted to the Sfage 
By Mr. Theobald, the Author o[ Shakejpeare ReJIor* J, 



Audtrt 



— Quod optaHti Divum promhtere nemo 

et, vohenda Dies , en! iitt'ulit ultra. Vfrg. 



L O NT> N: 

Printed by J. Watts, at the Printing-Office in 
IVild-Court near Lincolns-Inn Fields. 

M DCC XXVllI. 




GEORGE R. 

EORGE THE SECOND, by the Grace of God, King of 
Great-Britain, France and Ireland : Defender of the Faith, 
etc. To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. 
Whereas our Trusty, and Well-beloved Lewis Theobald, of our City 
of London, Gent, hath, by his Petition, humbly represented to Us, 
That He having, at considerable Expense, Purchased the Manu- 
script Copy of an Original Play of WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, 
called. Double Falsehood; Or, the Distrest Lovers; and, with great 
Labour and Pains, Revised, and Adapted the same to the Stage; 
has humbly besought Us to grant him Our Royal Privilege, and 
Licence, for the Sole Printing and Publishing thereof, for the Term 
of Fourteen Years : We, being willing to give all due Encourage- 
ment to this his Undertaking, are graciously pleased to condescend 
to his Request: and do therefore, by these Presents, so far as may 
be agreeable to the Statute in that Behalf made and provided, for 
Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, grant unto Him, the said Lewis 
Theobald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Our Royal 
Licence, for the sole Printing and Publishing the said Play, in such" 
Size and Manner, as He and They shall think fit, for the Term of 
Fourteen Years, to be computed from the date hereof ; strictly for- 
bidding all our Subjects within our Kingdom and Dominions, to 
Reprint the same, either in the like, or in any other Size, or Manner 
whatsoever ; or to Import, Buy, Vend, Utter or Distribute any Copies 
thereof, Reprinted beyond the Seas, during the aforesaid Term 
of Fourteen Years, without the Consent, or Approbation of the said 
Lewis Theobald, his Heirs, Executors, and Assigns, under his, or 
their Hands and Seals first had, and obtained ; as they will answer 
the Contrary at their Peril: — Whereof the Commissioners, and 
other officers of our Customs, the Master, Warden, and Company of 
Stationers, are to take Notice, that the same may be entered in the 
Register of the said Company, and that due Obedience be rendered 
thereunto. Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifth Day of 
December, 1727; in the First Year of Our Reign. 

By His Majesty's Command, 

HOLLES NEWCASTLE. 




To the Right HONOURABLE 

George Dodington, Esq; 

SIR, 

|OTHING can more strongly second the Pleasure I feel, 
from the Universal Applause which crowns this Orphan 
Play, than this Other which I take in presuming to shelter 
it under Your Name. I bear so dear an Affection to the Writings 
and Memory of Shakespeare, that, as it is my good Fortune to 
retrieve this Remnant of his Pen from Obscurity, so it is my great- 
est Ambition that this Piece should be received into the Protection 
of such a Patron : And, I hope. Future Times, when they mean to 
pay Shakespeare the best Compliment, will remember to say, Mr. 
Dodington was that Friend to his Remains, which his own South- 
ampton was to his living Merit. 

It is from the fine Discernment of our Patrons, that we can 
generally best promise Ourselves the good Opinion of the Publick. 
You are not only a distinguish'd Friend of the Muses, but most in- 
timately allied to them : And from hence it is I flatter Myself, that 
if You shall think fit to pronounce this Piece genuine, it will silence 
the Censures of those Unbelievers, who think it imp>ossible a Manu- 
script of Shakespeare could so long have lain dormant; and who 
are blindly paying Me a greater Compliment than either They de- 
sign, or I can merit, while they cannot but confess Themselves 
pleased, yet would fain insinuate that they are imposed upon. I 
should esteem it some Sort of Virtue, were I able to commit so 
agreeable a Cheat. 

But pardon Me, Sir, for a Digression that perverts the very 
Rule of Dedications. I own, I have my Reasons for it. As, Sir, 
your known Integrity, and Honour engages the warmest Wishes of 
all good Men for your Prosperity, so your known Distinction in 
polite Letters, and your generous Encouragement of Those who pre- 
tend to them, obliges us to consider your Advancement, as our own 
personal Interest, and as a good Omen, at least, if not as the surest 
Means of the future flourishing Condition of those Huma,ne Arts 



28 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

amongst us, which We profess, and which You adorn. But neither 
Your Modesty, nor my Inability will suffer me to enter upon that 
Subject. Permit me therefore, SIR, to convert Panegyrick into a 
most ardent Wish, that You would look with a Tender Eye on this 
dear Relick, and that you would believe me, with the most unfeigned 
Zeal and Respect, ■ 

SIR, 

Your most Devoted 

and Obedient Humble Servant, 

Lew. Theobald. 
Great Russell-street, 
21st December, 
1727. 




PREFACE 

OF THE 

E D I tor! 

HE Success, which this Play has met with from the Town 
in the Representation, (to say nothing of the Reception it 
fdund from those Great Judges, to whom I have had the 
Honour of communicating it in Manuscript;) has almost made the 
Purpose of a Preface unnecessary: And therefore what I have to 
say, is design'd rather to wipe out a flying Objection or two, than to 
labour at proving it the Production of Shakespeare. It has been 
alledg'd as incredible, that such a Curiosity should be stifled and lost 
to the World for above a Century. To This my Answer is short; 
that tho' it never till now made its Appearance on the Stage, yet one 
of the Manuscript Copies, which I have, is of above Sixty Years 
Standing, in the Handwriting of Mr. Downes, the famous Old 
Prompter ; and, as I am credibly inf orm'd, was early in the Possess- 
ion of the celebrated Mr. Betterton, and by Him design'd to have 
been usher'd into the World. What Accident prevented This Pur- 
pose of his, I do not pretend to know : Or thro' what hands it had 
successively pass'd before that Period of Time. There is a Tradi- 
tion (which I have from the Noble Person, who supply'd me with 
One of my Copies) that it was given by our Author, as a Present 
of Value, to a Natural Daughter of his, for whose Sake he wrote 
it, in the Time of his Retirement from the Stage. Two other Copies 
I have, (one of which I was glad to purchase at a very good Rate,) 
which may not, perhaps, be quite so Old as the Former ; but One of 
Them is much more perfect, and has fewer Flaws and Interrup- 
tions in the Sense. 

Another Objection has been started, (which would carry much 
more Weight with it, were it Fact ;) that the Tale of this Play, being 
built upon a Novel in Don Quixot, Chronology is against Us, and 
Shakespeare could not be the Author. But it happens, that Don 
Quixot was publish'd in the Year 1611, and Shakespeare did not 
dye till April 1616, a sufficient Interval of Time for All that We 
want granted. 

Others again, to depreciate the Affair, as they thought, hav^ 
been pleased to urge, that tho' the Play may have some Resem- 



30 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

blances of Shakespeare, yet the Colouring, Diction, and Characters, 
come nearer to the Style and Manner of Fletcher. This, I think, 
is far from deserving any Answer ; I submit it to the Determination 
of better Judgments ; tho' my Partiality for Shakespeare makes me 
wish, that Every Thing which is good, or pleasing, in our Tongue, 
had been owing to his Pen. 

As to the Performance of the respective Actors concern'd in this 
Play, my applauding It here would be altogether superfluous. The 
Publick has distinguish'd and given them a Praise, much beyond 
Any that can flow from my Pen. But I have some particular 
Acknowledgments to make to the Managers of this Company, for 
which I am glad to embrace so fair an Opportunity. 

I came to Them at this Juncture as an Editor, not an Author, 
and have met with so much Candour, and handsome Treatment from 
Them, that I am willing to believe, the Complaint, which has so 
commonly obtain'd, of their Disregard and ill Behaviour to Writers, 
has been more severely urg'd, than it is justly grounded. They must 
certainly be too good Judges of their own Interest, not to know that 
a Theatre cannot always subsist on old Stock, but that the Town 
requires Novelty at their Hands. On the other Hand, they must be 
so far Judges of their own Art and Profession, as to know that all 
the Compositions, which are offer'd them, would never go down with 
Audiences of so nice and delicate a Taste, as in this Age frequent 
the Theatres. It would be very hard upon such a Community, 
where so many Interests are concern'd, and so much Merit in their 
Business allow'd, if they had not a Privilege of refusing some crude 
Pieces, too imperfect for the Entertainment of the Publick. I 
would not be thought to inferr, that they have never discourag'd 
what They might, perhaps, afterwards wish they had receiv'd. They 
do not, I believe, set up for such a Constant Infallibility. But if We 
do but fairly consider out of above Four Thousand Plays extant, 
how small a Number will now stand the Test : if We do but consider 
too, how often a raw Performance has been extoll'd by the Par- 
tiality of private Friendship; and what a Clamour of Injury has 
been rais'd from that Quarter, upon such Performance meeting a 
Repulse ; we may pretty easily account for the Grounds upon which 
they proceeded in discountenancing some Plays, and the harsh 
Things that are thrown out upon their giving a Repulse to others. 

But I should beg Pardon for interfering in this Question, in 
which I am properly neither Party, nor Judge. I am only throwing 
out a private Opinion, without Interest or Prejudice, and if I am 
right in the Notion, Valeat quantum valere potest. 



PROLOGUE. 

WntKahy PHILIP FROWDE, Esq; 

And spoken by Mr. WiLKS. 



A 5 in some Region, where indulgent Skies 
Enrich the Soil, a thousand Plants arise 
Frequent and bold; a thousand Landskips meet 
Our ravisht View, irregularly sweet : 
We gaze, divided, now on These, now Those; 
While All one beauteous Wilderness compose. 

Such Shakespeare'j Genius was : Let Bri- 
tons boast 
The Glorious Birth, and, eager, strive who most 
Shall celebrate his Verse; for while we raise 
Trophies of Fame to him, ourselves we praise : 
, Display the Talents of a British Mind, 
Where All is great, free, open, unconfin'd. 
Be it our Pride, to reach his daring Flight; 
And relish Beauties, he alone could write. 

Most modern Authors, fearful to aspire. 
With Imitation cramp their genial Fire; 
The well-schemed Plan kept strict before their Eyes, 
Dwell on Proportions, trifling Decencies; 
While noble Nature all neglected lies. 
Nature, that claims Precedency of Place, 
Perfection's Basis, and essential Grace! 
Nature so intimately Shakespeare knew. 
From her first Springs his Sentiments he drew; 
Most greatly wild they flow; and, when most wild, yet 
true. 

While These, secure in what the Criticks teach. 
Of servile Laws still dread the dangerous Breach; 
His vast, unbounded. Soul disdain'd their Rule, 
Above the Precepts of the Pedant School! 

Oh! could the Bard, revisiting our Light, 



32 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Receive these Honours done his Shade To-night, 
How would he bless the Scene this Age displays, 
Transcending his Eliza's golden Days! 
When great Augustus fills the British Throne, 
And his loi/d Consort makes the Muse her own. 
How would he joy, to see fair Hera's Claim 
Thus answer" d in his own reviving Fame! 

How cry with Pride " Oblivion I forgive ; 

" This my last Child to latest Times shall live : 
" Lost to the World, well for the Birth it stay'd ; 
" To this auspicious ^ra welf delay'd. 



EPILOGUE. 

Written by a Friend. 
Spoken by Mrs. OLDFIELD. 

WELL, Heaven defend us from these ancient Plays, 
These Moral Bards of Good Queen Bess's Days! 
They write from Virtue's Laws, and think no further; 
But draw a Rape as dreadful as a Murther. 
You modern Wits, more deeply vers'd in Nature, 
Can tip the wink, to tell us, you know better; 

As who should say — " 'Tis no such killing Matter 

" We've heard old Stories told, and yet ne'er wondered, 
" Of many a Prude, that has endured a Hundred : 
"And Violante grieves, or we^re mistaken, 
"Not, because ravisht; but because — forsaken. — 

Had this been written to the modern Stage, 
Her Manners had been copy'd from the Age. 
Then, tho' she had been once a little wrong. 
She still had had the Grace to've held her Tongue; 
And after all, with downcast Looks, been led 
Like any Virgin to the Bridal Bed. 
There, if the good Man question'd her Mis-doing, 
She'd stop him short — " Pray, who made you so knowing f 
" What, doubt my Virtue! — What's your base Intention? 

" Sir, that's a Point above your Comprehension. 

Well, Heai/n be prais'd, the Virtue of our Times 
Secures us from our Gothick Grandsires Crimes. 
Rapes, Magick, new Opinions, which before 
Have fill'd- our Chronicles , are now no m,ore : 
And this reforming Age may justly boast. 
That dreadful Sin Polygamy is lost. 
So far from multiplying Wives, 'tis known 
Our Husbands find, they've Work enough with one. — 
Then, as for Rapes, those dangerous days are past; 
Our Dapper Sparks are seldom in such haste. 

In Shakespeare''^ Age the English Youth inspired, 
Lov'd, as they fought, by him and Beauty fir'd. 
'Tis yours to crown the Bard, whose Magick Strain 
Cou'd charm the Heroes of that glorious Reign. 
Which humbled to the Dust the Pride of Spain. 



34 



WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 



Dramatis Personae. 



MEN. 
Duke Angela. 
Roderick, his Elder Son. 
Henriquez, his Younger Son. 
Don Bernard, Father to Leonora. 
Camillo, Father to Julio. 
Julio, in Love with Leonora. 
Citizen. 

Master of the Flocks. 
First Shepherd. 
Second Shepherd. 



Mr. Corey. 
Mr. Mills. 
Mr. Wilks. 
Mr. Harper. 
Mr. Griffin. 
Mr. Booth. 
Mr. Oates. 
Mr. Bridgewater 
Mr. N orris. 
Mr. Ray. 



WOMEN. 



Leonora. 
Violante. 



Mrs. Porter. 
Mrs. Booth. 



SCENE, the Province of Andalusia in Spain. 



DOUBLE FALSHOOD; 

OR, 

The DisTREsr Lovers. 



ACT I. SCENE I. 

SCENE, A Royal Palace. 
Duke Angelo, Roderick, and Courtiers. 

Roderick. 

' 1\ /T Y gracious Father, this unwonted Strain 
-'■'-■- Visits my Heart with Sadness. 

Duke. Why, my Son ? 

Making my Death familiar to my Tongue 
Digs not my Grave one Jot before the Date. 
I've worn the Garland of my Honours long, 
And would not leave it wither'd to thy Prow, 
But flourishing and green; worthy the Man, 
Who, with my Dukedoms, heirs my better Glories. 

Roder. This Praise', which is my Pride, spreads me 
with Blushes. 

Duke. Think not, that I can flatter thee, my Roderick; 
Or let the Scale of Love o'er-poize my Judgment. 
Like a fair Glass of Retrospection, Thou 
Reflect'st the Virtues of my early Youth ; 
Making my old Blood mend its Pace with Transport : 
While fond Henriquez, thy irregular Brother, 
Sets the large Credit of his Name at Stake, 



36 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

A Truant to my Wishes, and his Birth. 

His Taints of Wildness hurt our nicer Honour, 

And call for swift Reclaim. 

Roder. 1 trust, my Brother 

Will, by the Vantage of his cooler Wisdom, 
E'er-while redeem the hot Escapes of Youth, 
And court Opinion with a golden Conduct. 

Duke. Be Thou a Prophet in that kind Suggestion ! 
But I, by Fears weighing his unweigh'd Course, 
Interpret for the Future from the Past. 
And strange Misgivings, why he hath of late 
By Importunity, the strain'd Petition, 
Wrested our Leave of Absence from the Court, 
Awake Suspicion. Thou art inward with him; 
And, haply, from the bosom'd Trust can'st shape 
Some formal cause to qualify my Doubts. 

Roder. Why he hath press'd this Absence, Sir, I 
know not ; 
But have his Letters of a modern Date, 
Wherein by Julio, good Camilla's Son, 
(Who, as he says, shall follow hard upon ; 
And whom I with the growing Hour expect:). 
He doth soUicit the Return of Gold 
To purchase certain Horse, that like him well. 
This Julio he encounter'd first in France. 
And lovingly commends him to my Favour ; 
Wishing, I would detain him some few Days, 
To know the Value of his well-placed Trust. 

Duke. O, do it, Roderick; and assay to mould him 
An honest Spy upon thy Brother's Riots. 
Make us acquainted when the Youth arrives ; 
We'll see this Julio, and he shall from Us 
Receive the secret Loan his Friend requires. 
Bring him to Court. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE II. Prospect of a Village at a Distance. 
Enters Camillo with a Letter. 

Cam. How comes the Duke to take such Notice of my Son, that 
he must needs have him in Court, and I must send him upon the 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 37 

■ View of his Letter ? Horsemanship ! What Horsemanship 

has Julio? I think, he can no more but gallop a Hackney, unless 
he practiced Riding in France. It may be, he did so ; for he was 
there a good Continuance. But I have not heard him speak much 
of his Horsemanship. That's no Matter: if he be not a good 
Horseman, all's one in such a Case, he must bear. Princes are 
absolute ; they may do what they will in any Thing, save what they 
cannot do. 

Enters Julio. 
O, come on, Sir; read this Paper; no more Ado, but read it: It 
must not be answer'd by my Hand, nor yours, but, in Gross, by your 
Person; your sole Person. Read aloud. 

Jul. 'Please you, to let me first o'erlook it. Sir. 

Cam. I was this other day in a Spleen against your new Suits: 
I do now think, some Fate was the Taylour that hath fitted them; 
for, this Hour, they are for the Palace of the Duke. — Your Father's 
House is too dusty. 

Jul. Hem ! — to Court ? Which is the better, to serve a Mistress, 
or a Duke? I am sued to be his Slave, and I sue to be Leonora's. 

[Aside. 

Cam. You shall find your Horsemanship much praised there; 
Are you so good a Horseman ? 

Jul. I have been. 
E'er now, commended for my Seat, or mock'd. 

Cam. Take one Commendation with another, every Third's a 
Mock. — Affect not therefore to be praised. Here's a deal of Com- 
mand and Entreaty mixt; there's no denying; you must go, per- 
emptorily he inforces That. 

Jul. What Fortune soever my Going shall encounter, cannot be 
good Fortune; What I part withal unseasons any other Goodness. 

[Aside. 

Cam. You must needs go; he rather conjures, than importunes. 

Jul. No moving of my Love-Suit to him now ? — [Aside. 

Cam. Great Fortunes have grown out of less Grounds. 

Jul. What may her Father think of me, who expects to be 
sollicited this very Night? [Aside. 

Cam. Those scattered Pieces of Virtue, which are in him, the 
Court will solder together, varnish, and rectify. 

Jul. He will surely think I deal too slightly, or unmannerly, or 
foolishly, indeed; nay, dishonestly; to bear him in hand with my 



38 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Father's Consent, who yet hath not been touch'd with so much as a 
Request to it. [Aside. 

Cam. Well, Sir, have you read it over ? 

Jul. Yes, Sir. 

Cam. And considered it? 

Jul. As I can. 

Cam. If you are counted by good Fortune, you must go. 

Jul. So it please You, Sir. 

Cam. By any means, and to morrow : Is it not there the Limit 
of his Request? 

Jul. It is. Sir. 

Cam. I must bethink me of some Necessaries, without which you 
might be unf umish'd : And my Supplies shall at all Convenience 
follow You. Come to my Closet by and by; I would there speak 
with You. 

[Exit Camillo. 
Manet Julio solus. 

Jul. I do not see that Fervour in the Maid, 
Which Youth and Love should kindle. She consents. 
As 'twere to feed without an Appetite; 
Tells me. She is content ; and plays the Coy one. 
Like Those that subtly make their Words their Ward, 
Keeping Address at Distance. This Affection 
Is such a f eign'd One, as will break untouch'd ; 
Dye frosty, e'er it can be thaw'd; while mine. 
Like to a Clime beneath Hyperion's Eye, 
Burns with. one constant Heat. I'll strait go to her; 
Pray her to regard my Honour : but She greets me. — 

Enter Leonora, and Maid. 
See, how her Beauty doth inrich the Place! 
O, add the Musick of thy charming Tongue, 
Sweet as the Lark that wakens up the Morn, 
And make me think it Paradise indeed. 
I was about to seek thee, Leonora, 
And chide thy Coldness, Love. 

Leon. What says your Father? 

Jul. I have not mov'd him yet. 

Leon. Then do not, Julio. 

Jul. Not move him? Was it not your own Command, 
That his Consent should ratify our Loves ? 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 39 

Leon. Perhaps, it was: but now I've chang'd my 
Mind. 
You purchase at too dear a Rate, that puts You 
To wooe me and your Father too : Besides, 
As He, perchance, may, say, you shall not have me ; 
You, who are so obedi|nt, must discharge me 
Out of your Fancy : Then, you know, 'twill prove 
My Shame and Sorrow, meeting such Repulse, 
To wear the Willow in my Prime of Youth. 

Jul. Oh ! do not rack me with these ill-placed Doubts ; 
Nor think, tho' Age has in my Father's Breast 
Put out Love's Flame, he therefore has not Eyes, 
Or is in Judgment blind. You wrong your Beauties, 
Venus will frown if you disprize her Gifts, 
That have a Face would make a frozen Hermit 
Leap from his Cell, and burn his Beads to kiss it ; 
Eyes, that are nothing but continual Births 
Of new Desires in Those that view their Beams. 
You cannot have a Cause to doubt. 

Leon. Why, Julio? 

When you that dare not chuse without your Father, 
And, where you love, you dare not vouch it ; must not, 
Though you have Eyes, see with 'em ; — can L think 

you, 
Somewhat, perhaps, infected with your Suit, 
Sit down content to say, You would, but dare not? 

Jul. Urge not Suspicions of what eannot be ; 
You deal unkindly, mis-becomingly, 
I'm loth to say: For All that waits on you, 

Is graced, and graces. No Impediment 

Shall bar my Wishes, but such grave Delays 

As Reason presses Patience with ; which blunt not. 

But rather whet our Loves. Be patient, Sweet. 

Leon. Patient ! What else ? My Flames are in the Flint. 
Haply, to lose a Husband I may weep ; 
Never, to get One: When I cry for Bondage, 
Let Freedom quit me. 

Jul. From what a Spirit comes This ? 

I now perceive too plain, you care not for me. 
Duke, I obey thy Suminons, be its Tenour 



40 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Whate'er it will : If War, I come thy Soldier. 
Or if to waste my silken Hours at Court, 
The Slave of Fashion, I with willing Soul 
Embrace the lazy Banishment for Life; 
Since Leonora has pronounced my Doom. 

Leon. What do you mean? Why talk you of the 
Duke? 
Wherefore of War, or Court, or Banishment? 

Jul. How this new Note is grown of me, I know 
not; 
But the Duke writes for Me. Coming to move 
My Father in our Bus'ness, I did find him 
Reading this Letter; whose Contents require 
My instant Service, and Repair to Court. 

Leon. Now I perceive the Birth of these Delays ; 
Why Leonora was not worth your Suit. 
Repair to Court? Ay, there you shall, perhaps, 
(Rather, pass Doubt;) behold some choicer Beauty, 
Rich in her Charms, train'd to the Arts of Soothing, 
Shall prompt you to a Spirit of Hardiness, 
To say. So please you. Father, I have chosen 
This Mistress for my own, 

Jul. Still you mistake me: 

Ever your Servant I profess my self ; 
And will not blot me with) a Change, for all 
That Sea and Land inherit. 

Leon. But when go you ? 

Jul. To morrow, Love; so runs the Duke's Com- 
mand ; 
Stinting our Farewell-kisses, cutting ofif 
The Forms of Parting, and the Interchange 
Of thousand precious Vows, with Haste too rude. 
Lovers have Things of Moment to debate. 
More than a Prince, or dreaming Statesman, know : 
Such Ceremonies wait on Cupid's Throne. 
Why heav'd that Sigh? 

Leon. O Julio, let me whisper 
What, but for Parting, I should blush to tell thee : 
My Heart beats thick with Fears, lest the gay Scene, 
The Splendors of a Court, should from thy Breast 



• DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 41 

Banish my Image, kill my Int'rest in thee, 
And I be left, the Scoff of Maids, to drop 
A Widow's Tear for thy departed Faith. 

Jul. O let Assurance, strong as Words can bind. 
Tell thy pleas'd Soul, I will be wond'rous faithful ; 
True, as the Sun is to his Race of Light, 
As Shade to Darkness, as Desire to Beauty: 
And when I swerve, let Wretchedness o'ertake me. 
Great as e'er Falshood met, or Change can merit. 

Leon. Enough; I'm satisfied: and will remain 
Yours, with a firm and untir'd Constancy. 
Make not your Absence long : Old Men are wav'ring ; 
And sway'd by Int'rest more than Promise giv'n. 
Should some fresh Offer start, when you're away, 
I may be prest to Something, which must put 
My Faith, or my Obedience, to the Rack. 

Jul. Fear not, but I with swiftest Wing of Time 
Will labour my Return. And in my Absence, 
My noble Friend, and now our honour'd Guest, 
The Lord Henriques, will in my behalf 
Hang at your Father's Ear, and with kind Hints, 
Pour'd from a friendly Tongue, secure my Claim; 
And play the Lover for thy absent Julio. 

Leon. Is there no Instance of a Friend turn'd false? 
Take Heed of That : No Love by Proxy, Julio. 
My Father 

Enters Don Bernard. 

D.Bern. What, /wZio, in publick ? This Wooeing is too urgent. 
Is your Father yet moved in the Suit, who must be the prime Un- 
f older of this Business? 

Jul. I have not yet, indeed, at full possess'd 
My Father, whom it is my Service follows ; 
But only that I have a Wife in Chase. 

D. Bern.- Chase ! Let Chase alone : No Matter for That. 

You may halt after her, whom you profess to. pursue, and 

catch her too; Marry, not unless your Father let you slip.- 



Briefly, I desire you, (for she tells me, my Instructions shall be both 
Eyes and Feet to her;) no farther to insist in your Requiring, 'till, 
as I have formerly said, Camilla make known to Me, that his good 



42 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Liking goes along with Us; which but once breath'd, all is done; 
'till when, the Business has no Life, and cannot find a Beginning. 

Jul. Sir, I will know his Mind, e'er I taste Sleep : 
At Morn, you shall be leam'd in his Desire. 

I take my Leave. O virtuous Leonora, 

Repose, sweet as thy Beauties, seal thy Eyes; 
Once more, adieu.. I have thy Promise, Love; 
Remember, and be faithful. [Ex. Julio. 

D. Bern. His Father is as unsettled, as he is wayward, in his 
Disposition. If I thought young Julio's Temper were not mended 
by the Mettal of his Mother, I should be something crazy in giving 
my Consent to this Match : And, to tell you true, if my Eyes might 
be the directors to your Mind, I could in this Town look upon 
Twenty Men of more delicate Choice. I speak not This altogether 
to unbend your Affections to him : But the Meaning of what I say 
is, that you set such Price upon yourself to him, as Many, and much 
his Betters, would buy you at ; (and reckon those Virtues in you at 
the rate of their Scarcity;) to which if he come not up, you remain 
for a better Mart. 

Leon. My Obedience, Sir, is chain'd to your Advice. 

D. Bern. 'Tis well said, and wisely. I fear, your Lover is a 
little Folly-tainted ; which, shortly after it proves so, you will repent. 

Leon. Sir, I confess, I approve him of all the Men I know; 
but that Approbation is nothing, 'till season'd by your Consent. 

D. Bern. We shall hear soon what his Father will do, and so 
proceed accordingly. I have no great Heart to the Business, neither 
will I with any Violence oppose it : But leave it to that Power which 
rules in these Conjunctions, and there's an End. Come; haste We 
homeward. Girl. [Exeunt. 

SCENE HL 
Enter Henriquez, and Servants with Lights. 

Henr. Bear the Lights close : Where is the 

Musick, Sirs? 

Serv. Coming, my Lord. 

Henr. Let 'em not come too near. This Maid, 
For whom my Sighs ride on the Night's chill Vapour, 
Is born most humbly, tho' she be as fair 
As Nature's richest Mould and Skill can make her. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD i'A 

Mended with strong Imagination: 

But what of That? Th' Obscureness of her Birth > 

Cannot ecHpse the Lustre of her Eyes, 

Which make her all One Light. Strike up, my 

Masters ; 
But touch the Strings with a religious Softness ; 
Teach Sound to languish thro* the Night's dull Ear, 
'Till Melancholy start from her lazy Couch, 
And Carelessness grow Convert to Attention. 

[Musick plays. 
She drives me into Wonder, when I sometimes 
Hear her discourse; The Court, whereof Report, 
And Guess alone inform her, she will rave at. 
As if she there sev'n Reigns had slander'd Time. 
Then, when she reasons on her Country State, 
Health, Virtue, Plainness, and Simplicity, 
On Beauties true in Title, scorning Art, 
Freedom as well to do, as think, what's good; 
My Heart grows sick of Birth and empty Rank, 
And I become a Villager in Wish. 

Play on ; She sleeps too sound : Be still, 

and vanish; 
A Gleam of Day breaks sudden from her Window. 
O Taper, graced by that midnight Hand ! 

Violante appears above at her Window. 

Viol. Who, is't, that wooes at this late Hour? What 
are you? 

Henr. One, who for your dear Sake 

Viol. Watches the starless Night! 
My Lord Henriques, or my Ear deceives me. 
You've had my Answer, and 'tis more than strange 
You'll combat these Repulses. Good my Lord, 
Be Friend to your own Health ; and give me Leave, 
Securing my poor Fame, nothing to pity 
What Pangs you swear you suffer. 'Tis impossible 
To plant your choice Affections in my Shade; 
At least, for them to grow there. 

Henr. Why, Violante? 

Viol. Alas ! Sir, there are Reasons numberless 
To bar your Aims. Be warn'd to Hours more wholesom; 



44 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

For, These you watch in vain. I have read Stories, 
(I fear, too true ones;) how young Lords, like you, 
Have thus besung mean Windows, rhymed their Suf- 
ferings 
Ev'n to th' Abuse of Things Divine, set up 
Plain Girls, like me, the Idols of their Worship, 
Then left them to bewail their easie Faith, 
And stand the World's Contempt. 

Henr. Your Memory, 

Too faithful to the Wrongs of few lost Maids, 
Makes Fear too general. 

Viol. Let us be homely. 

And let us too be chaste, doing you Lords no Wrong; 
But crediting your Oaths with such a Spirit, 
As you profess them : so no Party trusted 
Shall make a losing Bargain. Home, my Lord, 
What you can say, is most unseasonable; what sing. 
Most absonant and harsh: Nay, your Perfume,, 
Which I smell hither, cheers not my Sense 
Like our Field-violet's Breath. 

Henr. Why, this Dismission 

Does more invite my Staying. 

Viol. Men of your Temper 

Make ev'ry Thing their Bramble. But I wrong 
That which I am preserving, my Maid's Name, 
To hold so long Discourse. Your Virtues guide you 
T'effect some nobler Purpose ! [Ex. Violante. 

Henr. Stay, bright Maid ! 
Come back, and leave me with a fairer Hope. 

She's gone: Who am 1, that am thus contemn'd? 

The second Son to a Prince ? ^Yes ; well ; What 

then? 
Why, your great Birth forbids you to descend 

To a Ipw Alliance : Her's is the self-same Stuff, 

Whereof we Dukes are made; but Clay more pure! 

And take away my Title, which is acquir'd 

Not by my self, but thrown by Fortune on Me, 

Or by the Merit of some Ancestour 

Of singular Quality, She doth inherit 

Deserts t'outweigh me. — I must stoop to gain her ; 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 45 

Throw all my gay Comparisons aside, 

And turn my proud Additions out of Service, 

Rather than keep them to become my Masters. 

The Dignities we wear, are Gifts of Pride; 

And laugh'd at by the Wise, as meer Outside. 



End of First Act. 



[Exit. 



ACT II. SCENE I. 

SCENE, The Prospect of a Village. 

Enter Fabian and Lopez ; Henriquez on the Opposite Side. 

Lop. 

SOFT, soft you. Neighbour ; who comes here ? Pray you, 
slink aside. 
Henr. Ha ! Is it come to this ? Oh the Devil, the Devil, the 
Devil ! 

Fah. Lo you now! for Want of the discreet Ladle of a cool 
Understanding, will this Fellow's Brains boil over. 

Henr. To have enjoy'd her, I would have given — 
What? 
All that at present I coufd boast my own. 
And the Reversion of the World to boot. 

Had the Inheritance been mine : And now, 

(Just Doom of guilty Joys !) I grieve as much 
That I have rifled all the Stores of Beauty, 
Those Charms of Innocence and artless Love, 
Ag just before I was devour'd with Sorrow, 
That she refus'd my Vows, and shut the Door 
Upon my ardent Longings. 

Lop. Love ! Love ! Downright Love ! I see by the Fool- 
ishness of it. 

Henr. Now then to Recollection Was't not so? A Prom- 
ise first of Marriage Not a Promise only, for 'twas bound with 

Surety of a thousand Oaths ; — and those not light ones neither. 

Yet I remember too, those Oaths could not prevail ; th' unpractis'd 
Maid trembled to meet my Love: By Force alone I snatch'd th' 
imperfect Joy, which now torments my Memory. Not Love, but 



46 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

brutal Violence prevail'd ; to whioh the Time, and Place, and Op- 
portunity, were Accessaries most dishonourable. Shame, Shame 
upon it ! 

Fab. What a Heap of Stuff's this— I fancy, this Fellow's 
Head would make a good Pedlar's Pack, Neighbour. 

Henr. Hold, let me be severe to my self, but not unjust. 

Was it a Rape then ? No. Her Shrieks, her Exclamations then had 
drove me from her. True, she did not consent; as true, she did 

resist; but still in Silence all. 'Twas but the Coyness of a 

modest Bride, not the Resentment of a ravisht Maid. And is the 
Man yet born, who would not risque the Guilt, to meet the Joy? 

The Guilt ! that's true but then the Danger ; the Tears, the 

Clamours of the ruin'd Maid, pursuing me to Court. That, that, 
I fear will (as it already does my Conscience) something. shatter 
my Honour. What's to be done ? But now I have no Choice. Fair 
Leonora reigns conf est the Tyrant Queen of my revolted Heart, and 

Violante seems a short Usurper there. Julio's already by my 

Arts remov'd. O Friendship, how wilt thou answer That? Oh, 

that a Man could reason down this Feaver of the Blood, or sooth 
with Words the Tumult in his Heart! Then, Julio, I might be, 
indeed, thy Friend. They, they only should condemn me, who born 
devoid of Passion ne'er have prov'd the fierce Disputes 'twixt Virtue 
and Desire. While they, who have, like me, 

The loose Escapes of youthful Nature known, 
Must wink at mine, indulgent to their own. 

[Exit Henriquez. 

Lop. This Man is certainly mad, and may be mischievous. 
Pr'ythee, Neig^hbour, let's follow him; but at some Distance, for 
fear of the worst. 

[Exeunt, after Henr. 

SCENE n. An Apartment. 
Enters Violante alone. 

Viol. Whom shall I look upon without a Blush? 
There's not a Maid, whose Eye with Virgin Gaze 
Pierces not to my Guilt. What will't avail me, j 

To say I was not willing; I 

Nothing; but that I publish my Dishonour, 
And wound my Fame anew. O Misery, 



' DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 47 

To seem to all one's Neighbours rich, yet know 

One's Self necessitous and wretched. - 

Enter Maid, and afterwards Gerald with a Letter. 

Maid. Madam, here's Gerald, Lord Henrique^ Servant ; 
He brings a Letter to you. 

Viol. A Letter to me! How I tremble now! 
Your Lord's for Court, good Gerald, is he not ? 

Ger. Not so. Lady. 

Viol. O my presaging Heart ! ' When goes he then ? 

Geo. His Business now steers him some other Course. 

Viol. Whither, I pray you ? — How my Fears torment me ! 

Ger. Some two Months Progress. 

Viol. Whither, whither, sir, 

I do beseech you ? Good Heav'ns, I lose all Patience. 
Did he deliberate this ? or was the Business 
But then conceiv'd, when it was born? 

Ger. Lady,. I know not That; nor is it in the Command I have 
to wait your Answer. For the perusing the Letter I commend you 
to your Leisure. 

{Exit Gerald. 

Viol. To Hearts like mine Suspence is Misery. 
Wax, render up thy Trust : Be the Contents 
Prosp'rous, or fatal, they are all my DUe. 

Reads.] Our Prudence should now teach us to forget, 
what our Indiscretion has committed. I 
have already made one Step towards this 
Wisdom, by prevailing on Myself to hid you 

Farewell. 
O, Wretched and betray'd! Lost Violante! 
Heart-wounded with a thousand perjur'd Vows, 
Poison'd with studied Language, and bequeath'd 
To Desperation. I am now become 
The Tomb of my own Honour: a dark Mansion, 
For Death alone to dwell in. I invite thee, 
Consuming Desolation, to this Temple, 
Now fit to be thy Spoil : the ruin'd Fabrick, 
Which cannot be repair'd, at once o'er-throw. 

What must I do? But That's not worth my 

Thought: 
I will commend to Hazard all the Time 



48 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

That I shall spend hereafter: Farewel, my Father, 
Whom I'll no more offend : and Men, adieu, 
Whom I'll no more believe : and Maids, adieu. 
Whom I'll no longer shame. The Way I go, 
As yet I know not. — Sorrow be my Guide. 



[Exit Violante. 



SCENE III. Prospect of a Village, before 
Don Bernard's House. 

Enters Henriquez. 

Henr. Where were the Eyes, the Voice, the various 
Charms, 
Each beauteous Particle, each nameless Grace, 
Parents of glowing Love? All These in Her, 
It seems, were not: but a Disease in Me, 

That fancied Graces in her. Who ne'er beheld 

More than a Hawthorne, shall have Cause to say 
The Cedar's a tall Tree ; and scorn the Shade, 
The lov'd Bush once had lent him. Soft! mine Ho- 
nour 
Begins to sicken in this black Reflection. 
How can it be, that with my Honour safe 
I should pursue Leonora for my Wife? 
That were accumulating Injuries, 
To Violante first, and now to Julio; 
To her a perjur'd Wretch, to him perfidious ; 
And to myself in strongest Terms accus'd 
Of murth'ring Honour wilfully, without which 

My Dog's the Creature of the nobler Kind. 

But Pleasure is too strong, for Reason's Curb; 

And Conscience sinks o'er-power'd with Beauty's Sweets. 

Come, Leonora, Authress of my Crime, 

Appear, and vindicate thy Empire here ; 

Aid me to drive this ling'ring Honour hence, 

And I am wholly thine. 

Enter to him, Don Bernard and Leonora. . 

D. Bern. Fye, my good Lord; why would you wait 
without ? 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 49 

If you suspect your Welcome, I have brought 

My Leonora to assure you of it. [Henr. salutes Leon. 

Henr. O Kiss, sweet as the Odours of the Spring, 
But cold as Dews that dwell on Morning Flow'rs ! 
Say, Leonora, has your Father conquer'd? 
Shall Duty then at last obtain the Prize, 
Which you ref us'd to Love ? And shall Henriquez 
Owe all his Happiness to good Bernardo? 
Ah ! no ; I read my Ruin in your Eyes : 
That Sorrow, louder than a thousand Tongues, 
Pronounces my Despair. 

D. Bern. Come, Leonora, 

You are not now to learn, this noble Lord, 

(Whom but to name, restores my failing Age,) 

Has with a Lover's Eye beheld your Beauty ; 

Thro' which his Heart speaks more than Language can ; 

It offers Joy and Happiness to You, 

And Honour to our House. Imagine then 

The Birth and Qualities of him that loves you ; 

Which when you know, you cannot rate too dear. 

Leon. My Father, on my Knees I do beseech you 
To pause one Moment on your Daughter's Ruin. 
I vow, my Heart ev'n bleeds, that I must thank you 
For your past Tenderness ; and yet distrust 
That which is yet behind. Consider, Sir, 
Whoe'er's th' Occasion of another's Fault, 
Cannot himself be innocent. O, give not 
The censuring World Occasion to reproach 
Your harsh Commands ; or to my Charge lay That 
Which most I fear, the Fault of Disobedience. 
D. Bern. Pr'ythee, fear neither the One, nor the Other: I tell 
thee, Girl, there's more Fear than Danger. For my own part, as 
soon as Thou art married to this noble Lord, my Fears will be over. 
Leon. Sir, I should be the vainest of my Sex, 
Not to esteem myself unworthy far 
Of this high Honour. Once there was a Time, 
When to have heard my Lord Henriquez" Vows, 
Might have subdued my unexperienc'd Heart, 
And made me wholly his.— — But That's now past: 



50 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

And my firm-plighted Faith by your Consent 

Was long since given to the injur'd Julio. 

D. Bern. Why, then, by my Consent e'en take it back again. 
Thou, like a simple Wench, hast given thy Affections tO' a Fellow, 
that does not care a Farthing for them. One, that has left thee for a 
Jaunt to Court ; as who should say, I'll get a Place now ; tis Time 
enough to marry, when I'm turn'd out of it. 

Henr. So, surely it should seem, most lovely Maid ; 

Julio, alas, feels nothing of my Passion. 

His Love is but th' Amusement of an Hour, 

A short Relief from Business, or Ambition, 

The 'Sport of Youth, and Fashion of the Age. 

O ! had he known the Hopes, the Doubts, the Ardours, 

Or half the fond Varieties of Passion, 

That play the Tyrant with my tortur'd Soul ; 

He had not left Thee to pursue his Fortune : 

To practice Cringes in a slavish Circle, 

And barter real Bliss for unsure Honour. 
Leon. Oh, the opposing Wind, 

Should'ring the Tide, makes here a fearful Billow : 

I needs must perish in it. Oh, my Lord, 

Is it then possible, you can forget 

What's due to your great Name, and princely Birth, 

To Friendship's holy Law, to Faith repos'd. 

To Truth, to Honour, and poor injur'd Julio? 

think, my Lord, how much this Julio loves you ; 
Recall his Services, his well-try'd Faith; 

Think too, this very Hour, where-e'er he be. 
Your Favour is the Envy of the Court, 
And secret Triumph of his grateful Heart. 
Poor Julio, how securely thou depend'st 
Upon the Faith and Honour of thy Master ; 
Mistaken Youth ! this very Hour he robs thee 
Of all thy Heart holds dear. — 'Tis so Henriquez 
Repays the Merits of unhappy Julio. [ Weeps. 

Henr. My slumb'ring Honour catches the Alarm. 

1 was to blame to parley with her thus : 

Sh'as shown me to myself. It troubles me. [Aside. 

D. Bern. Mad ; Mad. Stark mad, by this Light. 
Leon. I but begin to be so. — I conjure you. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 51 

By all the tender Interests of Nature, 

By the chaste Love 'twixt you, and my dear Mother, 

(O holy Heav'n, that she were living now!) 

Forgive and pity me. — Oh, Sir, remember, 

I've heard my Mother say a thousand Times, 

Her Father would have forced her Virgin Choice; 

But When the Conflict was 'twixt Love and Duty, 

Which should be first obey'd, my Mother quickly 

Paid up her Vows to Love, and married You. 

You thought this well, and she was praised for This ; 

For this her Name was honour'd. Disobedience 

Was ne'er imputed to her, her firm Love 

Conquer'd whate'er oppos'd it, and she prosper'd 

Long Time your Wife. My Case is now the same ; 

You are the Father, which You then condemn'd; 

I, what my Mother was ; but not so happy. 

D. Bern. Go to, you're a Fool. No doubt, You have old 
Stories enough to undo you. — What, you can't throw yourself away 
but by Precedent, ha ? — You will needs be married to One, that will 
None of You? You will be happy no Body's way but your own, 
forsooth. — But, d'ye mark me, spare your Tongue for the future; 
(and That's using you hardly too, to bid you spare what you have a 
great deal too much of:) Go, go your ways, and d'ye hear, get 
ready within these Two days to be married to a Husband you don't 
deserve ; — Do it, or, by my.dead Father's Soul, you are no Acquaint- 
ance of mine. 

Henr. She weeps: Be gentler to her, good Bernardo. 

Leon. Then Woe the Day. I'm circled round with 

Fire; 

No Way for my Escape, but thro' the Flames. 

Oh, can I e'er resolve to live without 

A Father's Blessing, or abandon Julio? 

With other Maids, the Choice were not so hard; 

Int'rest, that rules the World, has made at last 

A Merchandize of Hearts: and Virgins now 

Chuse as they're bid, and wed without Esteem. 

By nobler Springs shall my Affections move; 

Nor own a Master, but the Man I love. 

[Exit Leonora. 



52 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

D. Bern. Go thy ways, Contradiction. — Follow her, my Lord ; 
follow her, in the very Heat. This Obstinacy must be combated by 
Importunity as obstinate. [Exit Henriquez after her. 

The Girl says right; her Mother was just such Another. I 
remember, Two of Us courted her at the same Time. She lov'd 
neither of Us, but She chose me purely to spight that surly Old 
Blockhead my Father-in-Law. Who comes here, Camilla? Now 
the refusing Part will lie on my Side. — 

Enters Camillo. 

Cam. My worthy Neighbour, I am much in Fortune's Favour to 
find You thus alone. I have a Suit to You. 

D. Bern. Please to name it. Sir. 

Cam. Sir, I have long held you in singular Esteem; and what I 
shall now say, will be a Proof of it. You know, Sir, I have but 
one Son. 

D. Bern. Ay, Sir. 

Cam. And the Fortune I am blest with. You pretty well know 
what it is. 

D. Bern. 'Tis a fair One, Sir. 

Cam. Such as it is, the whole Reversion is my Son's. He is now 
engaged in his Attendance on our Master, the Duke. But e'er he 
went, he left with me the Secret of his Heart, his Love for your fair 
Daughter. For your Consent, he said, 'twas ready : I took a Night, 
indeed, to think upon it, and now have brought you mine ; and am 
come to bind the Contract with half my Fortune in present, the 
Whole some time hence, and, in the mean while, my hearty Blessing. 
Ha? What say You to't, Don Bernard? 

D. Bern. Why, really. Neighbour, — I must own, I have heard 
Something of this Matter. — 

Cam. Heard Something of it? No doubt, you have. 

D. Bern. Yes, now I recollect it well. 

Cam. Was it so long ago then ? 

D. Bern. Very long ago, Neighbour. On Tuesday last. 

Cam. What, am I mock'd in this Business, Don Bernard? 

D. Bern. Not mock'd, good Camillo, not mock'd: But in Love- 
matters, you know, there are Abundance of Changes in half an 
Hour. Time, Time, Neighbour, plays Tricks with all of us. 

Cam. Time, Sir! What tell you me of Time? Come, I see 
how this goes. Can a little Time take a Man by the Shoulder, and 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 58 

shake off his Honour ? Let me tell you, Neighbour, it must either 
be a strong Wind, or a very mellow Honesty that drops so easily. 
Time, quoth'a ? 

D. Bern. Look'ee, Camilla; will you please to put your Indigna- 
tion in your Pocket for half a Moment, while I tell you the whole 
Truth of the Matter. My Daughter, you must know, is such a 
tender Soul, she cannot possibly see a Duke's youngest Son without 
falling desperately in Love with him. Now, you know. Neighbour, 
when Greatness rides Post after a Man of my Years, 'tis both 
'Prudence, and good Breeding, to let one's, self be overtaken by it. 
And who can help all This? I profess, it was not my seeking. 
Neighbour. 

Cam. I profess, a Fox might earth in the Hollowness of your 
Heart, Neighbour, and there's an End. If I were to give a bad Con- 
science its true Likeness, it should be drawn after a very near 

Neighbour to a certain poor Neighbour of yours. Neighbour! 

with a Pox. 

D. Bern. Nay, you are so nimble with me, you will hear Nothing. 

Cam. Sir, if I must speak Nothing, I will hear Nothing. As for 
what you have to say, if it comes from your Heart, 'tis a Lye before 
you speak it. — I'll to Leonora; and if I find her in the same Story, 
why, I shall believe your Wife was true to You, and your Daughter 
is your own. Fare you well. [Exit, as into D. Bernard's House. 

D. Bern. Ay, but two Words must go to that Bargain. It hap- 
pens, that I am at present of Opinion my Daughter shall receive no 
more Company to day, at least, no such Visits as yours. 

[Exit D. Bernard, following him 



SCENE IV. Changes to another Prospect 

of Don Bernard's House. 

Leonora, above. 

Leon. How tediously I've waited at the Window, 
Yet know not one that passes. — Should I trust 
My Letter to a Stranger, whom I think 
To bear and honest Face, (in which sometimes 
We fancy we are wond'rous skilful ;) then 
I might be much deceiv'd. This late Example 
Of base Henriquez, bleeding in me now. 
From each good Aspect takes away my Trust. 



54 WESTERN RESERVE. STUDIES 

For his Face seem'd to promise Truth and Honour. 
Since Nature's Gifts in noblest Forms deceive, 
Be happy You, that want 'em ! — Here comes One ; 
I've Seen him, thb' I know him not ; He has 
An honest Face too — that's no Matter. Sir, 



Enters Citizen. 

Citiz. To me? 

Leon. As You were of a virtuous Matron bom, 
' (There is no Doubt, you are:) I do conjure you 
■ Grant me one Boon. Say, do you know me, Sir ? 

Citiz. Ay, Leonora, and your worthy Father. 

Leon. I have not Time to press the Suit I've to you 
With many Words ; nay, I should want the Words, 
Tho' I had Leisure : but for Love of Justice, 

And as you pity Misery But I wander 

Wide from my Subject. Know you Julio, Sir? 

Citiz. Yes, very well ; and love him too, as well. 

Leon. Oh, there an Angel spake ! Then I conjure 
you. 
Convey this Paper to him : and believe me, 
You do Heav'n Service in't, and shall have Cause 

Not to repent your Pains. 1 know not what 

Your Fortune is ; Pardon me, gentle Sir, 

That I am bold to offer This. 

[Throws doiiin a Purse with Money. 

D. Bern, within.] Leonora. 

Leon. I trust to you ; Heav'n put it in your Heart 
To work me some Relief. 

Citiz. Doubt it not. Lady. You have mov'd me so. 
That tho' a thousand Dangers barr'd by way, 
I'd dare 'em all to serve you. [Exit Citizen. 

Leon. Thanks from a richer hand than mine require 
you! 

D. Bern, within] Why, Daughter 

Leon. I come : — Oh, Julio, feel but half my Grief, 
And thou wilt outfly Time to bring Relief. 

[Exit Leonora from the Window. 

End of the Second Act. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 55 

ACT III. SCENE I. 

SCENE, The Prospect of a Vilhge. 

Enter Julio with a Letter, and Citizen. 

Citis. XT 7" HEN from the Window she did bow 

'^ ' and call, 

Her Passions shook her Voice ; and from her Eyes 
Mistemper and Distraction, with strange Wildness 
Bespoke Concern above a common Sorrow. 

Jul. Poor Leonora! Treacherous, damn'd Henriquez! 
She bids me fill my Memory with her Danger ; 
I do, my Leonora; yes, I fill 
The Region of my Thought with nothing else ; 
Lower, she tells me here, that this affair 
Shall yield a Testimony of her Love : 
And prays, her Letter may come safe and sudden. 
This Pray'r the Heav'ns have heard, and I beseech 'em. 
To hear all Pray'rs she makes. 

Citiz. Have Patience, Sir. 

Jul. O my good Friend, methinks, I am too patient. 
Is there a Treachery, like This in Baseness, 
Recorded any where? It is the deepest: 
None but Itself can be its Parallel : 

And from a Friend, prof ess'd ! Friendship ? 

Why, 'tis 
A Word for ever maim'd ; in human Nature 
It was a Thing the Noblest ; and 'mong Beasts, 
It stood not in mean Place. Things of fierce Nature 

Hold Amity and Concordance. Such a Villany 

A Writer could not put down in his Scene, ' 
Without Taxation of his Auditory 
For Fiction most enormous. 

Citiz. '■ — '■ These Upbraidings 

Cool Time, while they are vented. 

Jul. 1 am counsel'd. 

For you, evermore, Thanks. You've done much for Us ; 
So gently press'd to't, that I may perswade me 
You'll do a little more. 



56 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Citis. Put me t'Employment 

That's honest, tho' not safe, with my best Spirits 
I'll give 't Accomplishment. 

Jul. No more but This ; 
For I must see Leonora: And to appear 
Like Julio, as I am, might, haply spoil 
Some good Event ensuing. Let me crave 
Th' Exchange of Habit with you : some Disguise, 
May bear Me to my Love, unmark'd, and secret. 

Citiz. You shall not want. Yonder's the House be- 
fore us : 
Make Haste to reach it. 

Jul. Still I thank you. Sir. 

O Leonora! stand but this rude Shock; 

Hold out thy Faith against the dread Assault 

Of this base Lord, the Service of my Life 

Shall be devoted to repay thy Constancy. [Exeunt. 



SCENE n. Don Bernard'^ House. 
Enters Leonora. 
Leon. I've hoped to th' latest Minute Hope can give : 
He will not come : H'as not receiv'd my Letter : 
May be, some other View has from our Home 
Repeal'd his chang'd Eye : for what Business can 
Excuse a Tardiness thus willful? None. 
Well then, it is not Business. Oh ! that let- 
ter, 

I say, is not deliver'd; or He's sick; 

Or, O Suggestion, wherefore wilt Thou fright me ? 

Julio does to Henriquez on meer Purpose, 

On plotted Purpose, yield me up ; and He 

Hath chose another Mistress. All Presumptions 

Make pow'rful to this Point. His own Protraction, 

Henriquez left behind ; That Strain lack'd Jea- 

lousie. 

Therefore lack'd Love. So sure as Life shall 

empty 
It self in Death, this new Surmise of mine 
Is a bold Certainty. 'Tis plain, and obvious. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 67 

Henriquez would not, durst not, thus infringe 
The Law of Friendship ; thus provoke a Man, 
That bears a Sword, and wears his Flag of Youth 
As fresh as He : He durst not : 'Tis Contrivance, 

Gross-dawbing 'twixt them Both. But I'm o'er- 

heard. [Going. 

Enters Julio, disguised. 

Jul. Stay, Leonora; Has this outward Veil 
Quite lost me to thy Knowledge? 

Leon. O my Julio ! 

Thy Presence ends the stern Debate of Doubt, 
And cures me of a thousand heartsick Fears, 
Sprung from thy Absence : yet awakes a Train 
Of other sleeping Terrors. Do you weep ? 

Jul. No, Leonora; when I weep, it must be 
The Substance of mine Eye. 'Would I could weep; 
For then mine Eye would drop upon my Heart, 
And swage the Fire there. 

Leon. You are full possess'd 

How things go here. First, welcome heartily; 
Welcome to th'Ending of my last good Hour : 
Now Summer Bliss and gawdy Days are gone. 
My Lease in 'em 's expir'd. 

Jul. Not so, Leonora. 

Leon. Yes, Julio, yes ; an everlasting Storm 
Is come upon me, which I can't bear out. 
I cannot stay much Talk; we have lost Leisure; 
And thus it is : Your Absence hath giv'n Breeding 
To what my Letter hath declar'd, and is 
This Instant on th'effecting. Hark ! the Music 

[Flourish within, 
Is now on tuning, which must celebrate 

This Bus'ness so discordant. Tell me then, 

What you will do. 

Jul. 1 know not what: Advise me: 

I'll kill the Traytor. 

Leon. O ! take Heed, his Death 

Betters our Cause no whit. No killing, Julio. 

Jul. My Blood stands still ; and all my Faculties 



58 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Are by Enchantment duU'd. You gracious Pow'rs, 
The Guardians of sworn Faith, and suff'ring Virtue, 
Inspire Prevention of this dreaded Mischief ! 
This Moment is oUr own; Let's use it. Love, 
And fly o'th' Instant from this House of Woe. 

Leon. Alas ! Impossible : My Steps are watch'd ; 
There's no Escape for Me. You must stay too. 

Jul. What ! stay, and see thee ravish'd from my Arms ? 
I'll force thy Passage. Wear I not a Sword? 

Ne'er on Man's Thigh rode better. If I suffer 

The Traytor play his Part ; if I not do 
Manhood and Justice, Honour ; let me be deem'd 
A tame, pale, Coward, whom the Night-Owl's Hoot 
May turn to Aspen-leaf : Some Man take This, 
Give Me a Distaff for it. 

Leon. — Patience, Julio; 

And trust to Me : I have fore-thought the Means 

To disappoint these Nuptials. -. — Hark ! again ; 

[Musick within. 
These are the Bells knoll for Us. — See, the Lights 
Move this Way, Julio. Quick, behind yon Arras, 

And take thy secret Stand. Dispute it not ; 

I have my Reasons, you anon shall know them : — 
There you may mark the Passage of the Night. 
Yet, more : — I charge you by the dearest Tyes, 
What-e'er you see, or hear, what-e'er shall hap, 
In your Concealment rest a silent Statue. 
Nay, hide thee strait, — or, — - See, I'm arm'd, and 

vow [Shows a dagger. 

To fall a bleeding Sacrifice before Thee. 

[Thrusts him out, to the Arras. 
I dare not tell thee of my Purpose, Julio, 
Lest it should wrap thee in such Agonies, 
Which my Love could not look on. 

SCENE opens to a large Hall: An Altar prepared with 
Tapers. Enter at one Door Servants with Lights, 
Henriquez, Don Bernard, and Churchmen. At an- 
other. Attendants to Leonora. Henriquez runs to her. 
Henr. Why, Leonora, wilt Thou with this Gloom 

Darken my Triumph ; suff'ring Discontent, 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 59 

And wan Displeasure, to subdue that Cheek 

Where Love should sit inthron'd ? Behold your Slave ; '• 

Nay, frown not ; for each Hour of growing Time 

Shall task me to thy Service, 'till by Merit 

Of dearest Love I blot the low-born Julio 

From thy fair Mind. 

Leon. So I shall make it foul ; 

This Counsel is corrupt. 

Henr. Come, you will change. — 

Leon. Why would you make a Wife of such a One, 
That is so apt to change ? This foul proceeding 
Still speaks against itself, and vilifies 

The purest of your Judgment. For your Birth's 

Sake 
I will not dart my hoarded Curses at you. 
Nor give my Meanings Language : For the Love 
Of all good Things together, yet take heed. 
And spurn the Tempter back. 

D. Bern. I think, you're mad. Perverse, and 

foolish, Wretch ! 

Leon. How may I be obedient, and wife too? 
Of my Obedience, Sir, I cannot strip me; 
Nor can I then be wife : Grace against Grace ! 
Ungracious, if I not obey a Father; 

Most perjur'd, if I do. Yet, Lord, consider. 

Or e'er too late, or e'er that Knot be ty'd. 
Which may with Violence damnable be broken. 
No other way dissever'd. Yet consider, 
You wed my Body, not my Heart, my Lord, 
No Part of my Affection. Sounds it well. 
That Julio's Love is Lord Henrique^ Wife ; 
Have you an Ear for this harsh Sound ? 

Henr. No Shot of Reason can come near the Place, 
Where my Love's fortified. The Day shall come. 
Wherein you'll chide this Backwardness, and bless 
Our Fervour in this Course. 

Leon, No, no, Henriquez, 

When you shall find what Prophet you are prov'd. 
You'll prophesie no more. 

D. Bern. Have done this Talking, 



60 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

If you will cleave to your Obedience, do't ; 
If not, unbolt the Portal, and be gone ; 
My Blessing stay behind you. 

Leon. Sir, your Pardon : 

I will not swerve a Hair's Breadth from my Duty ; 
It shall first cost me dear. 

D. Bern. Well then, to th' Point : 

Give me your Hand. My honour'd Lord, re- 
ceive 

My Daughter of Me. (nay, no dragging back. 

But with my Curses;) whom I frankly give you, 

And with you Joy and Honour. 

[As Don Bernard goes to give Leonora to Henriquez, Julio 
advances from the Arras, and steps between. 

Jul. Hold, Don Bernard, 

Mine is the elder Claim. 

D. Bern. What are you. Sir? 

Jul. A Wretch, that's almost lost to his own Knowledge, 
Struck thro' with Injuries. 

Henr. Ha! Julio f Hear you. 

Were you not sent on our Command to Court ? 
Order'd to wait your fair Dismission thence ? 
And have you dared, knowing you are our Vassal, 
To steal away unprivileg'd, and leave 
My Business and your Duty unaccomplish'd ? 

Jul. Ungen'rous Lord ! The Circumstance of Things 

Should stop the Tongue of Question. You have 

wrong'd me; 
Wrong'd me so basely, in so dear a Point, 
As stains the Cheek of Honour with a Blush ; 
Cancells the Bonds of Service; bids Allegiance 
Throw to the Wind all high Respects of Birth, 
Title, and Eminence ; and, in their Stead, 
Fills up the panting Heart with just Defiance. 
If you have Sense of Shame, or Justice, Lord, 
Forego this bad Intent ; or with your Sword 
Answer me like a Man, and I shall thank you. 
Julio once dead, Leonora may be thine. 
But, living. She's a Prize too rich to part with. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 61 

Henr. Vain Man ! the present Hour is fraught with 
Business 
Of richer Moment. Love shall first be serv'd : 
Then, if your Courage hold to claim it of me, 
I may have Leisure to chastise this Boldness. 

Jul. Nay, then I'll seize my Right. 

Henr. What, here, a Brawl ? 

My Servants, — turn this boist'rous Sworder forth ; 
And see he come not to disturb our Joys. 

Jul. Hold, Dogs ! Leonora, — Coward, base, 

Henriquez ! 

[Julio is seiz'd, and drag'd out by the Servants. 

Henr. She dies upon Me; help! 

[Leonora swoons; as they endeavor to recover her, 
a Paper drops from her. 

D. Bern. Throng not about her ; 

But give her Air. 

Henr. ^What Paper's That? let's see it. 

It is her own Hand- Writing. 

D. Bern. Bow her Head : 

'Tis but her Fright ; she will recover soon. 
What learn you by that Paper, good my Lord? 

Henr. That she would do the Violence to herself, 
Which Nature hath anticipated on her. 
What Dagger means she ? Search her well, I pray you. 

D. Bern. Here is the Dagger. Oh, the stub- 
born Sex, 
Rash ev'n to Madness ! 

Henr. Bear her to her Chamber : 

Life flows in her again. Pray, bear her hence : 

And tend her, as you would the World's best Treasure. 

[Women carry Leonora off. 
Don Bernard, this wild Tumult soon will cease, 
The Cause remov'd ; and all return to Calmness. 
Passions in Women are as short in Working, 
As strong in their Efifect. Let the Priest wait : 
Come, go we in : My Soul is all on Fire ; 
And burns impatient of this forc'd Delay. 

Exeunt; and the Scene closes. 



62 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

SCENE III. Prospect of a Villaae at 
a Distance. 

Enters Roderick. 
Rod. Julio's Departure thus in secret from Me. 
With the long doubtful Absence of my. Brother, 
(Who cannot suflfer, but my Father feels it;) 
Have trusted me with strong Suspicions, 
And Dreams, that will not let me sleep, nor eat. 
Nor taste those Recreations Health demands : 
But, like a Whirlwind, hither have they snatch'd me, 
Perforce, to be resolv'd. I know my Brother 
Had/w/iVj Father for his Host: from him 
Enquiry may befriend me. 

Enters Camillo. 
Old Sir, I'm glad 
To've met you thus : What ails the Man ? Camillo, — 

Cam. Ha ? 

Rod. Is't possible, you should forget your Friends ? 

Cam. Friends ! What are Those ? 

Rod. Why, Those that love you, Sir. 

Cam. You're None of Those, sure, if you be Lord 
Roderick. 

Rod. Yes, I am that Lord Roderick, and I lie not. 
If I protest, I love you passing well. 

Cam. You lov'd my Son too passing well, I take it : 
One, that believ'd too suddenly his Court-Creed. 

Rod. All is not well [aside.'] Good old Man, 

do not rail. 

Cam. My Lord, my Lord, you've dealt dishonourably. 

Rod. Good Sir, Lam so far from doing Wrongs 
Of that base Strain, I understand you not. 

Cam. Indeed! You know not neither, o' my 

Conscience, 
How your most virtuous Brother, noble Henriques, 
(You look so like him. Lord, you are the worse for't ; 
• Rots upon such Dissemblers!) under colour 
Of buying Coursers, and I know not what. 
Bought my poor Boy out of Possession 
Ev'n of his plighted Faith. Was not this Honour? 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 63 

And This a constant Friend ? 

Rod. 1 dare not say so. 

Cam. Now you have robbid him of his Love, 
take all ; 
Make up your Malice, and Dispatch his Life too. 

Rod. If you would hear me, Sir, 

Cam. Your brave old Father 

Would have been torn in Pieces with wild Horses, 
E'er he had done this Treachery. On my Conscience, 
Had he but dreamt you Two durst have committed 
This base, unmanly Crime, 

Rod. Why, this is Madness. 



Cam. I've done ; I've eas'd my Heart ; now you may 
talk. 

Rod. Then as- 1 am a Gentleman, believe me, 
(For I will lie for no Man;) I'm so far 
From being guilty of the least Suspicion 
Of Sin that way, that fearing the long Absence 
Of Julio and my Brother might beget 
Something to start at, hither have I travell'd 
To know the Truth of you. 

Enters Violante behind. 

Viol. My Servant loiters ; sure, he means me well, 
Camillo, and a Stranger? These may give me' 
Some Comfort from their Talk. I'll step aside : 
And hear what Fame is stirring. [Violante retires. 

Rod. Why this Wond'ring? 

Cam. Can there be one so near in Blood as you are 
To that Henriquez, and an honest Man ? 

Rod. While he was good, I do confess my Nearness ; 
But, since his Fall from Honour, he's to me 
As a strange Face I saw but Yesterday, 
And as soon lost. 

Cam. 1 ask your Pardon, Lord; 

I was too rash and bold. 

Rod. No Harm done. Sir. 

Cam. But is it possible, you should not hear 
The Passage 'twixt Leonora and your Brother? 

Rod. None of All This. 



64 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Enters Citizen. 

Cant. How now? 

Citiz. I bear you Tiding-s, Sir, which I could wish 
Some other Tongue deliver'd. 

Cam. Whence, I pray you ? 

Citis. From your Son, Sir. 

Cam. Pr'ythee, where is he? 

Citis. That's more than I know now, Sir. 
But This I can assure you, he has left 
The City raging mad; Heav'n comfort him! 

He came to that curst Marriage The Fiends 

take it ! 

Cam. Pry'thee, be gone, and bid the Bell knoll 
for me : 
I have had one Foot in the Grave some -Time. 
Nay, go, good Friend ; thy News deserve no Thanks. 
How does your Lordship? [Exit Citizen. 

Rod. That's wel.l said. Old Man. 

I hope, all shall be well yet. 

Cam. It had need ; 

For 'tis a crooked World. Farewell, poor Boy ! 

Enters Don Bernard, 

D. Bern. This comes of forcing Women where they 
hate: 
It was my own Sin ; and I am rewarded. 
Now I am like an aged Oak, alone. 

Left for all Tempests. 1 would cry, but cannot : 

I'm dry'd to Death almost with these Vexations. 
Lord ! what a heavy Load I have within me ! 
My Heart,-r-my Heart, — my Heart — 

Cam. Has this ill Weather 

Met with Thee too ? 

D. Bern. O Wench, that I were with thee! 

Cam. You do not come to mock at me now? 

D.Bern. Ha? 

Cam. Do not dissemble ; Thou may'st find a Knave 
As bad as thou art, to undo thee too : 
I hope to see that Day before I dye yet. 

D. Bern. It needeth not, Camilla; I am Knave 
Sufficient to my self. If thou wilt rail, 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 65 

Do it as bitterly as thou canst think of ; 
For I deserve it. Draw thy Sword, and strike me ; 
And I will thank thee for't. — I've lost. my Daughter; 
She's stol'n away ; and whither gone, I know not. 

Cam. She has a fair Blessing in being from you. 
Sir. 
I was too poor a Brother for your Greatness ; 
You must be grafted into noble Stocks, 
And have your Titles rais'd. My State was laugh'd at: 
And my Alliance scom'd. I've lost a Son too; 
Which must not be put up so. [Offers to draw. 

Rod. Hold ; be counsel'd. 

You've equal Losses ; urge no farther Anger. 
Heav'n, pleas'd now at your Love, may bring again. 
And, no Doubt, will, your Children to your Comforts : 
In which Adventure my Foot shall be foremost. 
And One more will I add, my Honour'd Father ; 
Who has a Son to grieve for too, tho' tainted. 
Let your joint Sorrow be as Balm to heal 
These Wounds of adverse Fortune. 

D. Bern. Come, Camilla, 
Do not deny your Love, for Charity ; 
I ask it of you. Let this noble Lord 
Make brothers of Us, whom our own cross Fates 
Could never join. What I have been, forget; 
What I intend to be, believe and nourish : 
I do confess my Wrongs ; give me your Hand. 

Cam. Heav'n make thee honest ; there. 

Rod. 'Tis done like good Men. 

Now there rests Nought, but that we part, and each 
Take sev'ral Ways in Quest of our lost Friends : 
Some of my Train o'er the wild Rocks shal/l wait 

you. 
Our best Search ended, here we'll meet again, 
And tell the Fortunes of our separate Travels. {Exeunt. 

Violante comes forward. 

Viol. I would, your Brother had but half your 
Virtue ! 
Yet there remains a little Spark of Hope. 



66 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

That lights me to some Comforts The Match is 

cross'd ; 
The Parties separate ; and I again 
May come to see this Man that has betray'd me ; 
And wound his Conscience for it : Home again 
I will not go, whatever Fortune guides me ; 
Tho' ev'ry Step I went, I trod upon 
Dangers as fearful and as pale as Death. 
No, no, Henriques; I will follow thee 
Where there is Day. Time may beget a Wonder. 

Enters Servant. 

O, are you come ? What News ? 

Serv. None, but the worst. Your Father makes mighty 
Offers yonder by a Cryer, to any One can. bring you home 
again. 

Viol. Art Thou corrupted ? 

Serv. No. 

Viol. Wilt thou be honest ? 

Serv. I hope, you do not fear me. 

Viol. Indeed, I do not. Thou hast an honest Face ; 
And such a Face, when it deceives, take heed. 
Is curst of all Heav'n's Creatures. , 

Serv. I'll hang first. 

Viol. Heav'n bless thee from that End! — I've heard 

a Man 
Say more than This.; and yet that Man was false. 
Thou'lt not be so, I hope. 

Serv. By my Life, Mistress, , 

Viol. Swear not; I credit Thee. But pry'thee tho' 
Take Heed, thou dost not fail : I do not doubt Thee ; 
Yet I have trusted such a serious Face, 
And been abused too. 

Serv. If I fail your Trust; 

Viol. I do thee Wrong to hold thy Honesty 
At Distance thus. Thou shalt know all my Fortunes. 
Get me a Shepherd's Habit. 

Serv. Well; what else? 

Viol. And wait me in the Evening, where I told thee ; 
There Thou shalt know my farther Ends. Take heed 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 67 

Serv. D'ye fear me still? 

yiol. — ■ No ; This is only Counsel ; 

My Life and Death I have put equally 

Into thy Hand ; Let not Rewards, nor Hopes, 

Be cast into the Scale to turn thy Faith. 

Be honest but for Virtue's sake, that's all ; 

He, that has such a Treasure, cannot fall. [Exeunt. 

The End of the Third Act. 



ACT IV. SCENE L 

SCENE, A Wide Plain, with a Prospect of Mountains at a 

Distance 

Enter Master of the Flocks, three or four Shepherds, and Violante 

in Boy's Clothes. 
1 Shep. \1 7"ELL, he's as sweet a Man, Heav'n comfort him ! 
' ' as ever these Eyes look'd on. 

2 Shep. If he have a Mother, I believe, Neighbours, she's a Woe- 
woman for him at this Hour. 

Mast. Why should he haunt these wild unpeopled Mountains, 
Where nothing dwells but Hunger, and sharp Winds ? 

1 Shep. His Melancholy, Sir, that's the main Devil does it. Go 
to, I fear he has had too much foul Play oflfer'd him. 

Mast: How gets he Meat ? 

2 Shep. Why, now and then he takes our Victuals from us, tho' 
we desire him to eat; and instead of a short Grace, beats us well 
and soundly, and then falls to. 

Mast. Where lies He? 

1 Shep. Ev'n where the Night o'ertakes him. 

2 Shep. Now will I be hang'd, and some fair-snouted skittish 
Woman, or other, be not at the End of his Madness. 

1 Shep. Well, if he lodg'd within the Sound of us, I knew our 
Musick would allure him. How attentively he stood, and how he 
fix't his Eyes, when your Boy sung his Love-Ditty. Oh, here he 
comes again. 

Mast. Let him alone ; he wonders strangely at us. 

1 Shep. Not a Word, Sirs, to cross him, as you love your 
Shoulders. 



68 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

2 Shep. He seems much disturb'd : I believe the mad Fit is upon 
him. 

Enters Julio. 

Jul. Horsemanship ! — Hell — Riding shall be abolish'd : 
Turn the barb'd Steed loose to his native Wildness ; 
It is a Beast too noble to be made 
The Property of Man's Baseness. — What a Letter 
Wrote he to's Brother ? What a Man was I ? 
Why, Perseus did not know his Seat like me ; 
The Parthian, that rides swift without the Rein, 
Match'd not my Grace and Firmness. — Shall this Lord 
Dye, when Men pray for him ? Think you 'tis meet ? 

1 Shep. I don't know what to say : Neither I, nor 

all the Confessors in Spain, can unriddle this wild Stuff. 

Jul. I must to Court ! be usher'd into Grace, 
By a large List of Praises ready penn'd ! 

Devil ! What a venomous World is this, 
When Commendations are the Baits to Ruin ! 

All these good Words were Gyves and Fetters, Sir, 

To keep me bolted there : while the false Sender 

Play'd out the Game of Treach'ry. — Hold ; come hither ; 

You have an Aspect, Sir, of wond'rous Wisdom, 

And, as it seems, are travell'd deep in Knowledge; 

Have you e'er seen the Phoenix of the Earth, 

The Bird of Paradise? 

2 Shep. In Troth, Not I, Sir. 

Jul. I have ; and known her Haunts, and where she built 
Her spicy Nest : 'till, like a credulous Fool, 

1 shew'd the Treasure to a Friend in Trust, 

And he hath robb'd me of her. — Trust no Friend: 
Keep thy Heart's Counsels close. — Hast thou a Mistress? 
Give her not out in Words ; nor let thy Pride 
Be wanton to display her Charms to View ; 
Love is contagious, and a Breath of Praise, 
Or a slight Glance, has kindled up its Flame, 

And tum'd a Friend a Traytor. 'Tis in Proof ; 

And it has hurt my Brain. 

1 Shep. Marry, now there is some Moral in his Madness, 
and we may profit by it. 

Mast. See, he grows cool, and pensive. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 69 

Go towards him, Boy, but do not look that way. 

Viol. Alas ! I tremble 

Jul. Oh, my pretty Youth ! 

Come hither, Child ; Did not your Song imply 
Something of Love ? 

\ Shep. Ha — ha — goes it there? Now if the Boy be witty, 
we shall trace something. 

Viol. Yes Sir, it was the Subject. 

Jul.. Sit here then : Come, shake not, good pretty Soul, 
Nor do not fear me ; I'll not do thee Wrong. 

Viol. Why do you look so on me ? 

Jul. 1 have Reasons. 

It puzzles my Philosophy, to think 
That the rude Blast, hot Sun, and dashing Rains 
Have made no fiercer War upon thy Youth; 
Nor hurt the Bloom of that Vermilion Cheek. 
You weep too, do you not ? 

Viol. Sometimes, I do. 

Jul. I weep sometimes too. You're extremely young. 

Viol. Indeed, I've seen more Sorrow far than Years. 

Jul. Yet all these have not broken your Complexion. 
You have a strong Heart, and you are the happier. 
I warrant, you're a very loving Woman. 

Viol. A Woman, Sir ? — I fear, h'as found me out. 

[Aside. 

2 Shep. He takes the Boy for a Woman. — Mad, again ! 

Jul. You've met some Disappointment ; some foul Play 
Has cross'd your Love. — I read it in your Face. 

Viol. You read a Truth then. 

Jul. Where can lie the Fault? 

Is't in the Man, or some dissembling Knave, 
He put in Trust? Ho ! have I hit the Cause? 

Viol. You're not far off. 

Jul. This World is full of Coz'ners, very full ; 
Young Virgins must be wary in their Ways. 
I've known a Duke's Son do as great a Knavery. 
Will you be rul'd by me? 

Viol. Yes. 

Jul.' Kill Yourself. 

'Twill be a Terror to the Villain's Conscience, 



70 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

The longest Day he lives. 

Viol. r- By No Means. What? 

Commit Self-murther ! 

Jul. Yes ; I'll have it so. 

1 Shep. I fear, his Fit is returning. Take heed of all 
hands. — Sir, — do ypu want any thing ? 

Jul. Thou ly'st ; thou can'st not hurt me : I am proof 
'Gainst farther Wrongs. — Steal close behind me, Lady. 
I will avenge Thee. 

Viol. Thank the Heav'ns, I'm free. 

Jul. O treach'rous, base Henriquez! have I caught 
thee? 

2 Shep. Help ! help ! good Neighbours ; he will kill 

me else. [Julio seizes on the Shepherd; 

Violante runs out. 
Jul. Here Thou shalt pay thy Heart-blood for the 
Wrongs 
Thou'st heap'd upon this Head. Faith-breaker ! Villain ! 
I'll suck thy Life-blood. 

1 Shep. Good Sir, have Patience; this is no Henriquez. 

{They rescue the Shepherd. 
Jul. Well ; let him slink toi Court, and hide a Coward ; 
' Not all his Father's Guards shall shield him there. 

Or if he prove too strong for Mortal Arm, 
I will soUicit ev'ry Saint in Heav'n 

To lend me Vengeance. I'll about it strait. — 

The wrathful Elements shall wage this War ; 

Furies shall haunt him ; Vultures gnaw his Heart ; 

And Nature pour forth all her Stores of Plagues, 

To join in Punishment of Truth betray'd. [Exit Julio. 

2 Shep. Go thy Ways, and a Vengeance go with 
Thee ! — Pray, feel my nose ; is it fast. Neighbours ? 

1 Shep. 'Tis as well as may be. 

2 Shep. He pull'd at it, as he would have drag'd a bullock 
backward by the Tail. — An't had been some Men's Nose that 
I know. Neighbours, who knows where it had been now ? He 
has given me such a devilish Dash o'er the Mouth, that I feel, 
I shall never whistle to my Sheep again: Then they'll make 
Holy-day. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 71 

1 Shep. Come, shall we go ? for, I fear, if the Youth return, 
our second Course will be much more against our Stomachs. 

Mast. Walk you afore; I will give my Boy 
Some short Instructions, and I'll follow strait. 
We'll crash a Cup together. 

1 Shep. Pray, do not linger. , 

Mast. 1 will not. Sirs ; — This must ndt be a Boy ; 
His Voice, Mein, Gesture, ev'ry Thing he does, 
Savors of soft and female Delicacy. 
He but puts on this Seeming, and his Garb 
Speaks him of such a Rank, as well perswades me, 
He plays the Swain, rather to cloak some Purpose, 
Than forced to't by a Need : I've waited long 
To mark the End he has in his Disguise ; 
But am not perfect in't. The Madman's Coil 
Has driv'n him shaking hence. These Fears betray him. 
If he prove right, I'm happy. O, he's here. 

Enters Violante. 

Come hither, Boy ; where did you leave the Flock, 
Child? 

Viol. Grazing below. Sir — Whiat does he mean, to stroke 
One o'the Cheek so ? I hope, I'm not betray'd. 

Mast. Have you learnt the Whistle yet, and when to Fold ? 
And how to make the Dog bring in the Strayers ? . 

Viol. Time, Sir, will furnish me with all these Rules ; 
My Will is able, but my Knowledge weak, Sir. 

Mast. That's a good Child : Why dost thou blush, my Boy ? 
'Tis certainly a Woman . [Aside.] Speak, my Boy. 

Viol. Heav'n ! how I tremble. — 'Tis unusual to me 
To find such Kindness at a Master's hand, 
That am a poor Boy, ev'ry way unal>le. 
Unless it be in Pray'rs, to merit it, , 
Besides, I've often heard old People say. 
Too much Indulgence makes Boys rude and sawcy. 

Mast. Are you so cunning ! 77— 

Viol. How his Eyes shake Fire, 

And measure ev'ry Piece of Youth abput me! [Aside. 

The Ewes want Water, Sir: Shall I go driye 'em 
Down to the Cisterns ? Shall I make haste, Sir ? 



72 - WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

'Would I were five Miles from him — How he gripes 

me ! [Aside. 

Mast. Come, come, all this is not sufficient. Child, 
To make a Fool of me. — This is a fine Hand, 
A delicate fine Hand, — Never change! Colour ; 
You understand me, — and a Woman's Hand. 

Viol. You're strangely out: Yet if I were a Woman, 
I know, you are so honest and so good. 
That tho' I wore Disguises for some Ends, 
You would not wrong me. 

Mast. Come, you're made for Love ; 

Will you comply? I'm madder with this Talk. 
There's Nothing you can say, can take my Edge off. 

Viol. Oh, do but quench these foul Affections in you. 
That, like base Thieves, have rob'd you of your Reason, 
And I will be a Woman; and begin 
So sad a Story, that if there be aught 
Of humane in you, or a Soul that's gentle. 
You cannot chuse but pity my lost Youth. 

Mast. No stories now. 

Viol. Kill me directly. Sir; 

As you have any Goodness, take my Life. 

Rod. within. Hoa ! Shepherd, will you hear. Sir ? 

Mast. What bawling Rogue is that, i'th' Devil's Name? 

Viol. Blessings upon him, whatsoe'er he be! Runs out. 

Enters Roderick. 

Rod. Good Even, my Friend; I thought, you all had been 

asleep in this Country. 
Mast. You had lied then ; for you were waking ; when you 

thought so. 
Rod. I thank you. Sir. 

Mast. I pray, be cover'd ; 'tis not so much worth. Sir. 
Rod. Was that thy Boy ran crying? 
Mast. Yes ; what then ? 
Rod. Why dost thou beat him so ? 
Mast. To make him grow. 
Rod. A pretty Med'cine ! Thou can'st not tell me the Way 

to the next Nunnery? 

Mast. How do you know That ? — Yes, I can tell you ; but 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 73 

the Question is, whetlier I will or no; and, indeed I will 
not. Fare you well. Exit Master. 

Rod. What a brute Fellow's this ! Are they all thus ? 

My Brother Henriquez tells me by his Letters, 

The Mistress of his Soul not far* from hence 

Hath taken Sanctuary : from which he prays 

My Aid to bring her back. — From what Camillo 

Hinted, I wear some Doubts. — Here 'tis appointed 

That we should meet ; it must be here ; 'tis so. 

He comes. 

Enters Henriquez. 
Now, Brother, what's this post-haste Business 
You hurry me about ? Some wenching Matter — 

Henr. My Letter told you, Sir. 

Rod. 'Tis true, it tells me, that you've lost a Mistress 
Whom your Heart bleeds for ; but the Means to win her 
From her close Life, I take it, is not mention'd. 
You're ever in these Troubles. 

Henr. Noble Brother, 

I own, I have too freely giv'n Scope 
To Youth's intemp'rate Heat, and rash Desires. 
But think not, that I would engage your Virtues. 
To any Cause, wherein my constant Heart 
Attended not my Eye. 'Till now my Passions 
Reign'd in my Blood ; ne'er pierc'd into my Mind ; 
But I'm a Convert grown to purest Thoughts : 
And must in Anguish spend my Days to come. 
If I possess not her: So much I love. 

Rod. The Means ? — She's in a Cloyster, is she not ? 
Within whose Walls to enter as We are, 
Will never be : Few Men, but Fryars, come there ; 
Which we shall never make. 

Henr. If That would do it, 

I would make Any thing. 

Rod. Are you so hot ? 

I'll serve him, be it but to save his Honour. [Aside. 

To feign a Corpse By th' Mass, it shall be so. 

We must pretend, we do transport a Body 

As 'twere to's Funeral : and coming late by. 

Crave a Night's Leave to rest the Herse i'th' Convent. 



74 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

That be our Course ; for to such Charity 

Strict Zealand Custom of the House give Way. 

Henr. And, opportune, a vacant Herse pass'd by 
From Rites but new perf orm'd : This for a Price 
We'll hire, to put our Scheme in Act. Ho ! Gerald — 

Enter Gerald, to whom Henriquez whispers; then Gerald 
goes out. 

Rod. When we're once lodg'd, the Means of her 
Conveyance, 
By safe and secret Force, with Ease we'll compass. 
But, Brother, know my Terms. — If that your Mistress 
Will to the World come back, and she appear 
An Object worthy in our Father's Eye, 
Wooe her, and win her; but if his Consent 
Keep not Pace with your Purpose 

Henr. Doubt it not. 
I've look'd not with a common Eye ; but chose 
A noble Virgin, who to make her so. 
Has all the Gifts of Heav'n and Earth upon her. 
If ever Woman yet could be an Angel, 
She is the nearest. 

Rod. Well; a Lover's Praise 

Feasts not a Common Ear. r Now to our Plot ; 

We shall bring Night in with Us. [Exeunt. 

SCENE II. 

Enter Julio, and Two Gentlemen. 
Gent. Good Sir, compose yourself. 

Jul. O Leonora, 

That Heav'n had made Thee stronger than a Woman, 
How happy had I been ! 

Gent. He's calm again : 

I'll take this Interval to work upon Him. 

These wild and solitary Places, Sir, 

But feed your Pain ; let better Reason guide you ; 

And quit this forlorn State, that yields no Comfort. 

[Lute sounds within. 
Jul. Ha ! hark, a Sound from Heav'n ! Do you hear 
Nothing? 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD. 75 

Gent. Yes, Sir; the Touch of some sweet Instrument: 
Here's no Inhabitant. 

Jul. No, no, the better. 

Gent. This is a strange Place to hear Musick in. 
Jul. I'm often visited with these sweet Airs. 
•The Spirit of some hapless Man that dy'd, 
And left his Love hid in a faithless Woman, 
Sure haunts these Mountains. [Violante sings within. 

Fond Echo! forego thy light Strain, 

And heedfuUy hear a lost Maid; 
Go, tell the false Ear of the Swain 

How deeply his Vows have hetray'd. 
Go, tell him, what Sorrows I bear; 

See, yet if his Heart feel my Woe : 
'Tis now he m,ust heal my Despair, 
Or Death will make Pity too slow. 
Gent. See, how his Soul strives in him ! This sad Strain 
Has search'd him to the Heart. 

Jul. Excellent Sorrow! 
You never lov'd? 
Gent. No. 

Jul. Peace ; and learn to grieve then. 

[Violante sings within. 
Go, tell him, what Sorrows I bear; 

See, yet if his heart feels my Woe : 
'Tis now he must heal my Despair, 
Or Death will make Pity too slow. 
Is not this heav'nly? 

Gent. I never heard the Like, Sir. 

Jul. I'll tell you, my good Friends ; but pray, say Nothing ; 
I'm strangely touch'd with This. The heav'nly Sound 
Diffuses a sweet Peace thro' all my Soul. 
But yet I wonder, what new, sad. Companion 
Grief has brought hither to out-bid my Sorrows. 
Stand off, stand off, stand off — Friends, it appears. 

Enters Violante. 
Viol. How much more grateful are these craggy 
Mountains, 
And these wild Trees, than things of nobler Natures ; 



76 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

For These receive my Plaints, and mourn again 
In many Echoes to Me. All good People 
Are fain asleep for ever. None are left, 
That have the Sense, and Touch of Tenderness 
For Virtue's sake : No, scarce their Memory : 
From whom I may expect Counsel in Fears, 
Ease to Complainings, or Redress of Wrongs. 

Jul. This is a moving Sorrow, but say nothing. 

Viol. What Dangers have I run, and to what Insults 
Expos'd this Ruin of my self ? Oh ! Mischief 
On that Soul-spotted Hind, my vicious Master ! 
Who would have thought, that such poor Worms as 

They, 
(Whose best Feed is coarse Bread; whose Bev'rage, Water;) 
Should have so much rank Blood? I shake all over. 
And blush to think what had become of me. 
If that good Man had not reliev'd me from him. 

Jul. Since she is not Leonora, she is heav'nly. 
When she speaks next, listen as seriously. 
As Women do that have their Loves at Sea, 
What Wind blows ev'ry Morning. 

Viol. I cannot get this false Man's Memory 
Out of my Mind. Yon Maidens, that shall live 
To hear my mournful Tale, when I am Ashes, 
Be wise ; and to an Oath no more give Credit, 
To Tears, to Vows, (false Both!) or any Thing 
A Man shall promise, than to Clouds, that now 
Bear such a pleasing Shape, and now are nothing. 
For they will cozen, (if They may be cozen'd,) 

The very Gods they worship. Valour, Justice, 

Discretion, Honesty, and all they covet. 

To make them seeming Saints, are but the Wiles 

By which these Syrens lure us to Destruction. 

Jul. Do not you weep now ? I could drop myself 
Into a Fountain for her. 

Gent. She weeps extremely. 

Jul. Let her weep ; 'tis well : 

Her Hea.rt will break else. Great Sorrows live in Tears. 

Viol. O false Henriquez! 

Jul. Ha! 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 77 

Viol. And Oh, thou Fool, 

Forsaken Violante! whose Belief 

And childish Love have made Thee so go, dye ; 

For there is nothing left Thee now to look for. 
That can bring Comfort, but a quiet Grave. 
There all the Miseries I long have felt. 
And Those to come, shall sweetly sleep together. 
Fortune may guide that false Henriquez hither. 
To weep Repentance o'er my pale, dead Corse, 
And cheer my wand'ring Spirit with these lov'd Obse- 
quies. [Going. 

Jul. Stay, Lady, stay : Can it be possible. 
That you are Violante? 

Viol. That lost Name, 

Spoken by One, that needs must know my Fortunes, 
Has taken much Fear from me. Who are you. Sir? 
For, sure, I am that hopeless Violante. 

Jul. And 1, as far from any earthly Comfort 
That I know yet, the much-wrong'd Julio i 

Viol. Julio ! 

Jul. I once was thought so. If the curst 

Henriquez 
Had Pow'r to change you to a Boy, why. Lady, 
Should not that Mischief make me any thing. 
That have an equal Share in all the Miseries 
His Crimes have flung upon Us? 

Viol. Well I know it : 

And pardon Me, I could not know your Virtues, 
Before your Griefs. Methought, when last we met. 
The Accent of your Voice struck on my Ear 
Like something I had known, but Floods of Sorrow 
Drown'd the Remembrance. If you'll please to sit, 
(Since I have found a suflf'ring true Companion,) 
And give me Hearing, I will tell you something 
Of Leonora, that may comfort you. 

Jul. Blessing upon Thee ! Henceforth, I protest 
Never to leave Thee, if Heav'n say Amen. 
But, soft ! let's shift our Ground, guide our sad Steps 
To some remoter Gloom, where, undisturb'd, 
We may compare our Woes ; dwell on the Tale 



78 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Of mutual Injuries, 'till our Eyes run o'er, 

And we infect each other, with fresh Sorrows. — 

Talk'd you of Comfort? 'Tis the Food of Fools, 

And We will None on't ; but indulge Despair : 

So, worn with Griefs, steal to the Cave of Death, 

And in a Sigh give up our latest Breath. [Exeunt. 

The End of the Fourth Act. 



ACTV. SCENE I. 

SCENE, The- Prospect of the Mountains continued. 

Enter Roderick, Leonora veil'd, Henriquez, Attendants as 
Mourners. 
Rod. "Q EST certain, Lady, Nothing shall betide 

-^^ you. 
But fair, and noble Usage. Pardon me. 
That hitherto a Course of Violence 
Has snatch'd you from that Seat of Contemplation 
To which you gave your After-Life. 

Leon. Where am I ? 

Rod. Not in the Nunnery; never blush, nor tremble; 
Your Honour has as fair a Guard, as when 
Within a Cloyster. Know then, what is done, 
(Which, I presume, you understand not truly,) 
Has this Use, to preserve the Life of One 
Dying for Love of You : my Brother, and your Friend : 
Under which Colour we desir'd to rest 
Our Herse one Night within your hallow'd Walls, 
Where we surpriz'd you. 

Leofi. Are you that Lord Roderick, 

So spoken of for Virtue, and fair Life, 
And dare you lose these to be Advocate 
For such a Brother, such a sinful Brother, 
Such an unfaithful, treacherous, brutal Brother? 

Rod. This is a fearful Charge. 

[Looks at Henriquez. 

Leon. — If you would have me 

Think, you still bear Respect for Virtue's Name ; 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 79 

As you would wish, your Daughters, thus distress'd, 
Might find a Guard, protect me from Henriquez; 
And I am happy. 

Rod. Come, Sir, make your Answer; 

For as I have a Soul, I am asham'd on't. 

Henr. O Leonora, see ! thus self-condemn'd, 
I throw me at your Feet, and sue for Mercy. 
If I have err'd, impute it to my Love ; 
The Tyrant God that bows us to his Sway, 
Rebellious to the Laws of reas'ning Men ; 
That will not have his Vot'ries Actions scann'd, 
But calls it Justice, when we most obey him. 
He but commanded, what your Eyes inspir'd ; 
Whose sacred Beams, darted into my Soul, 
Have purg'd the Mansion from impure Desires, 
And kindled in my heart a Vestal's Flame. 

Leon. RisCi rise, my Lord ; this well-dissembled 
Passion 
Has gain'd you nothing but a deeper Hate. 
Should I imagine, he can truly love me. 
That, like a Villain, murthers my Desires ? 
Or should I drink that Wine, and think it Cordial, 
When I see Poyson in't? 

Rod. Draw this way. Lady ; 

I am not perfect in your Story yet ; 

But see you've had some Wrongs, that want Redress. 

Only you must have Patience to go with us 

To yon small Lodge, which meets the Sight from hence. 

Where your Distress shall find the due Respect.: 

'Till when, your Griefs shall govern me as much. 

As Nearness and Affection to my Brother. 

Call my Attendants yours ; and use them freely ; 

For as I' am a Gentleman, no Pow'r, 

Above your own Will, shall come near your Person. 

[As they are going out, Violante enters, and plucks 
Roderick by the Sleeve; the rest go out.'l 

Viol. Your Ear a Moment : Scorn not my tender Youth. 
Rod. Look to the Lady there. — I follow strait. 
What ails this Boy? Why dost thou single me? 



80 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Viol. The due Observance of your noble Virtue, 
Vow'd to this mourning .Virgin, makes me bold 
To give it more Employment. . 

Rod. Art not Thou 

The surly Shepherd's Boy, that, when I call'd 
To know the Way, ran crying by me? 

Viol. Yes, Sir. 
And I thank Heav'n and you for helping me. 

Rod. How did I help thee, Boy? 

Viol. I do but seem so. Sir ; and am indeed. 
A Woman ; one your Brother once has lov'd ; 
Or, Heav'n forgive him else, he ly'd extremely. 

Rod. Weep not, Good Maid ; O this licentious Brother ! 
But how came you a Wand'rer on these Mountains ? 

Viol. That, as we pass, an't please you, I'll discover. 
I will assure you. Sir, these barren Mountains 
Hold many Wonders of your Brother's making. 
Here wanders hapless Julio, worthy Man ! 
Besides himself with Wrongs ; — 

Rod. That once again 

Viol. Sir, I said, Julio. Sleep weigh'd down his 

Eyelids, 
Oppress'd with Watching, just as you approach'd us. 

Rod. O Brother ! We shall sound the Depths of 
Falshood. 
If this be true ; no more, but guide me to him. 
I hope, a fair End will succeed all yet. 
If it be He, by your Leave, gentle Brother, 
I'll see him serv'd first. — Maid, you have o'erjoyed me. 
Thou shalt have Right too : Make thy fair Appeal 
To the good Duke, and doubt not but thy Tears 
Shall be repaid with Interest from his Justice. 
Lead me to Julio. [Exeunt. 

SCENE II. An apartment in the Lodge. 
Enter Duke, Don Bernard, and Camillo. 
Cam. Ay, then your Grace had had a Son more; He, a 
Daughter; and I, an Heir: But let it be as 'tis, I cannot 
mend it ; one way or other, I shall rub it over, with rub- 
bing to my Grave, and there's an End on't. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 81 

Duke. Our Sorrows cannot help us, Gentlemen. 
Cam. Hang me, Sir, if I shed one Tear more. By Jove, 
I've wept so long, I'm as blind as Justice. When I come 
to see my Hawks (which I held a Toy next to my Son;) 
if they be but House-high, I must stand aiming at them 
like a Gunner. 
Duke. Why, he mourns like a Man. Don Bernard, you 
Are still like April, full of Show'rs and Dews : 
And yet I blame you not : for I myself 

Feel the self-same Affections. Let them go ; 

They're disobedient Children. 

D. Bern. Aye, my Lord; 

Yet they may turn again. 

Cam. Let them e'en have their Swing: they're young and 
wanton ; the next Storm we shall have them gallop home- 
ward, whining as Pigs do in the Wind. ' 
D. Bern. Would I had my Daughter any way. 
Cam. Would'st thou have her with Beam, Man, tell me that ? 
D. Bern. I care not, if an honest Father got it. 
Cam. You might have had her so in this good Time, 
Had my Son had her : Now you may seek 
Your Fool to stop a Gap with. 

Duke. You say, that Rod'rick charg'd you here should 
wait him: 
He has o'erslip'd the Time, at which his Letters 
Of Speed request that I should also meet him. 
I fear, some bad Event is usher'd in 
By this Delay: How now? 

Enters Gentleman. 

Gent. So please your Grace, 

Lord Rod'rick makes Approach. 

Duke. 1 thank thee, Fellow, 

For thy so timely News : Comes he alone? 

Gent. No, Sir, attended well, and in his Train 
Follows a Herse with all due Rites of Mourning. 

[Exit Gent. 
Duke. Heav'n send, Henriques live ! 

Cam. 'Tis my poor Julio. 

Enters Roderick, hastily. 
Duke. O welcome, welcome, 
Welcome, good Rod'rick ! Say, what News ? 



82 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Cam. Do you bring Joy or Grief, my Lord? For me. 
Come what can come, I'll live a Month or two 
If the Gout please; curse my Physician once more, 

And then, 

Under this Stone 
Lies Ser/nty One. 

Rod. Signior, you do express a manly Patience. 
My noble Father, something I have brought 
To ease your Sorrows. My Endeavours have not 
Been altogether barren in my Journey. 

Duke. It comes at need, Boy ; but I hop'd it from thee. 

Enter Leonora iml'd, Henriquez behind, and At- 
tendants. 

Rod. The Company I bring, will bear me Witness 
The busiest of my Time has been employ'd 
On this good Task. Don Bernard finds beneath 
This Veil his Daughter : You, my Royal Father, 
Behind that Lady find a wand'ring Son. 
How I met with them, and how brought them hither, 
More Leisure must unfold. 

Henr. My Father here ! 

And Julio's! O Confusion! Low as Earth 

I bow me for your Pardon. [To the Duke. 

D. Bern. O my Girl ! 
Thou bring'st new Life. [Embraces Leonora. 

Duke. And you, my Son, restore me [To Roderick 

One Comfort here that has been missing long. 

I hope, thy Follies thou hast left abroad. [To Henriq. 

- Cam. Ay, ay; you've all Comforts but I; you have ruin'd 

me; kill'd my poor Boy; cheated and ruin'd him; and I 

have no Comfort. 

Rod. Be patient; Signior; Time may guide my Hand 
To work you Comfort too. 

Cam. I thank your Lordship ; 
'Would Grandsire Time had been so kind to 've done it ; 
We might have joy'd together like good Fellows. 
But he's so full of Business, good Old Man, 
'Tis Wonder, he could do the Good he has done. 

D. Bern. Nay, Child, be Comforted. These Tears distract 
me. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 83 

Duke. Hear your good Father, Lady. 

Leon. Willingly. 

Duke. The Voice of Parents is the Voice of Gods : 
For to their Children they are Heav'ns Lieutenants : 
Made Fathers, not for common -Uses meerly 
Of Procreation; (Beasts and Birds would be 
As noble then as we are) but to steer 
The wanton Freight of Youth thro' Storms and Dangers, 
Which with full Sails they bear upon : and straighten 
The moral Line of Life, they bend so often. 
For These are We made Fathers ; and for These, 
May challenge Duty on our Children's Part. 
Obedience is the Sacrifice of Angels, 
Whose Form you carry. 

D. Bern. Hear the Duke, good Wench. 

Leon. I do most heedfully. My gracious Lord, 

[To the Duke. 
Let me be so unmanner'd to request, • 
He would not farther press me with Persuasions 
O'th' instant Hour: but have the gentle Patience 
To bury this keen Suit, 'till I shake Hands 
With my old Sorrows, 

Cam. Why dost look at me ? 

Alas ! I cannot help thee. 

Leon. — And but weep 

A Farewell to my murther'd Julio, ■ 



Cam. Blessing be with thy Soul, whene're it leaves Thee ! 

Leon. For such sad Rites must be perform'd, my Lord, 
E'er I can love again. Maids, that have lov'd. 
If they be worth that noble Testimony, 
Wear their Loves here, my Lord; here, in their Hearts; 
Deep, deep within ; not in their Eyes, or Accents ; 
Such may be slip'd away ; or with two Tears 
Wash'd out of all Remembrance : Mine, no Physick, 
But Time, or Death, can cure. 

Henr. You make your own Conditions,, and I seal them 
Thus to your virtuous Hand. [Aside. 

Cam. Well, Wench, thy Equal 
Shall not be found in haste ; I give thee That : 
Thou art a right one, ev'ry Inch. Thy Father 



84 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

(For, without Doubt, that Snuff never begot Thee,) 
Was some choice Fellow, some true Gentleman ; 

I give thy Mother Thanks f or't there's no Harm 

done. 

Would I were young again, and had but thee, 
A good Horse under me, and a good Sword, 

And thus much for Inheritance. 

[Violante offers, once or twice, to shew 
herself, but goes back. 

Duke. What Boy's That, 
Has offer'd twice or thricfe to break upon us ? 
I've noted him, and still he falls back fearful. 

Rod. A little Boy, Sir, like a Shepherd ? 

Duke. Yes. 

Rod. 'Tis your Page, Brother; One that was so, 

late. 

Henr. My Page, What Page? 

Rod. Ev'n so he says, your Page ; 

And more, and worse, you stole him from his Friends, 
And promis'd him Preferment. 

Henr. I, Preferment! — 

Rod. And on some slight Occasion let him slip 
Here on these Mountains, where he had been starv'd. 
Had not my People found him, as we travell'd. 
This was not handsome. Brother. 

Henr. You are merry. 

Rod. You'll find it sober Truth. 

Duke. If so, 'tis ill. 

Henr. 'Tis Fiction, all, Sir ; Brother you must please 

To look some other Fool to put these Tricks on ; 

They are too obvious : Please your grace, give Leave 

T' admit the Boy; If he knows me, and say, 

I stole him from his Friends, and cast him off. 

Know me no more. Brother, pray do not wrong me. 

Enters Violante. 
Rod. Here is-the Boy. If he deny this to you 
Then I have wrong'd you. 

Duke. ^ Hear me ; What's thy Name, Boy ? 

Viol. Florio, an't like your Grace. 
Duke. A pretty Child. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 85 

Where wast thou born ? 

Viol. On t'other Side the Mountains. 

Duke. What are thy Friends? 

Viol. A Father, Sir ; but poor. 

Duke. How earnest thou hither? how, to leave thy Father? 

Viol. That noble Gentleman pleas'd once to like 
me, [Pointing to Henriquez. 

And, not to lye, so much to doat upon me, 
That with his Promises he won my Youth, 
And Duty, from my Father : Him I f ollow'd. 

Rod. How say you now. Brother? 

Cam. Ay, my Lord, how say You ? 

Hen. As' I have a Life and Soul, 'tis all a Trick, Sir. 
I never saw the Boy before. 

Viol. O Sir, 

Call not your Soul to witness in a Wrong : 
And 'tis not noble in you, to despise 
What you have made thus. If I lye, let Justice 
Turn all her Rods upon me. 

Duke. Fye, Henriquez; 

There is no Trace of Cunning in this Boy. 

Cam. A good Boyf Be not fearful: Speak thy 

Mind, Child. 
NatUre, sure, meant thou should'st have been a Wench; 
And then't had been no Marvel he had bobb'd thee. 

Duke. Why did he put thee from him? 

Viol: That to me 

Is yet unknown. Sir ; for my Faith, he could not ; 
I never did deceive him : for my Service, 
He had no just Cause ; what my Youth was able. 
My Will still put in Act, to please my Master : 
I cannot steal ; therefore that can be nothing 
To my Undoing: no, nor lye; my Breeding, 
Tho, it be plain, is honest. 

Duke.— Weep not. Child. 

Cam. This Lord has abused Men, Women and Children 
already : What farther Plot he has, the Devil knows. 

Duke. If thou can'st bring a Witness of thy Wrong, 
(Else it would be injustice to believe thee. 
He having sworn against it ;) thou shalt have. 



86 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

I bind it with my Honour, Satisfaction 
To thine own Wishes. 

Viol. 1 desire no more, Sir. 

I have a Witness, and a noble one. 
For Truth and Honesty. 

Rod. Go, bring him hither. [Exit Violante. 

Henr. This lying Boy will take him to his Heels, 
And leave me slander'd. 

Rod. No ; I'll be his Voucher. 

Henr. Nay then 'tis plain, this is Confederacy. 

Rod. That he has been an Agent in your Service, 
Appears from this. Here is a Letter, Brother, 
(Produc'd, perforce, to give him Credit with me;) 
The Writing, yours ; the Matter, Love ; for so, 
He says, he can explain it. 

Cam. Then, belike, 

. A young He-bawd. 

Henr. This Forgery confounds me ! 

Duke. Read it, Roderick. 

Rod. Reads] Our Prudence should now .teach us to forget, 
what our Indiscretion has committed. I 
have already made one Step- towards this 
Wisdom — 

Henr. Hold, Sir. — My very Words to Violante! 

[Aside. 

Duke. Go on. 

Henr. My gracious Father, give me Pardon ; 

I do confess, I some such Letter wrote 
(The Purport all too trivial for your Ear,) 
But how it reach'd this young Dissembler's Hands, 
Is what I cannot solve. For on my Soul, 
And by the Honours of my Birth and House, 
The Minion's Face 'till now I never saw. 

Rod. Run not too far in Debt on Protestation. — 
Why should you do a Child this Wrong ? 

Henr. Go to ; 

Your Friendships past warrant not this Abuse : 
If you provoke me thus, I shall forget 
What you are to me. This is a meer Practice, 
And Villany to draw me into Scandal. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 87 

Rod. No more ; you are a Boy. — Here comes a Witness, 
Shall prove you so : No more. 

Enter Julio, disguis'd; Violante, as a Woman. 

Henr. ^Another Rascal ! 

Duke. Hold: 

Henr. Ha ! [Seeing Violante. 

Duke. What's here? 

Henr. By all my Sins, the Injur'd Violante. [Aside. 

Rod. Now, Sir, whose Practice breaks ? 

Cam. Is this a Page? [To Henr. 

Rod. One that has done him Service, 
And he has paid her f or't ; but broke his Covenant. 

Viol. My Lord, I come not now to wound your Spirit. 
Your pure Affection dead, which first betray'd me. 
My Claim dye with it ! Only let me not 
Shrink to the Grave with Infamy upon me: 
Protect my Virtue, tho' it hurt your Faith ; 
And my last Breath shall speak Henrique s noble. 

Henr. What a fierce Conflict Shame, and wounded 
Honour, 
Raise in my Breast ! — but Honour shall o'ercome. — 
She looks as beauteous, and as innocent. 
As when I wrong'd her. — Virtuous Violante! 
Too good for me ! dare you still love a Man, 
So faithless as I am ? — I know you love me. 
Thus, thus, and thus, I print my vow'd Repentance : 
Let all Men read it here. — My gracious Father, 
Forgive, and make me rich with your Consent, 
This is my Wife ; no other would I chuse, 
Were she a Queen. 

Cfflw. Here's a new Change. Bernard looks dull upori't. 

Henr. And fair Leonora, from whose Virgin Arms 
I forc'd my wrong'd Friend Julio, O forg'i^e me. 
Take home your holy Vows, and let him '.lave 'em 
That has deserv'd them. O that he were here ! 
That I might own the Baseness of my Wrong, 
And purpos'd Recompence. My Violante, 
You must again be widow'd : for I vow 
A ceaseless Pilgrimage, ne'er to know Joy, 
'Till I can give it to the injur'd Julio. 



88 WESTERN RESERVE STUDIES 

Cam. This almost melts me. But my poor lost 

Boy 

Rod. I'll stop that Voyage, Brother. — Gentle Lady, 
What think you of this honest Man? 

Leon. Alas ! 
My Thoughts, my Lord, were all employ'd within ! 
He has a Face makes me remember something 
I have thought well of ; how he looks upon me ! 
Poor Man, he weeps. — Ha ! stay ; it cannot be — 
He has his Eye, his Features, Shape, and Gesture. — 
'Would, he would speak. 

Jul. Leonora, — [Throws off his Disguise. 

Leon. -Yes, 'tis He. 

O Ecstacy of Joy ! [They embrace. 

Cam. Now, what's the Matter ? 

Rod. Let 'em alone; they're almost starv'd for Kisses. 

Cam. Stand forty Foot off ; no Man trouble' em. 
Much Good may't do your Hearts ! — What is he. Lord, 
What is he? 

Rod. A certain Son of yours. 

Cam. The Devil he is. 

Rod. If he be the Devil, that Devil must call you Father. 

Cam. By your Leave a little, ho, — Are you my Julio F 

Jul. My Duty tells me so, Sir, , 
Still on my Knees. — But Love engross'd me all ; 
O Leonora, do I once more hold thee? 

Cam. Nay, to't again : I will not hinder you a Kiss, 
'Tis he [Leaps. 

Leon-. The righteous Pow'rs at length have crown'd 
our Loves. 
Think, Julio, from the Storm that's now o'erblown, 
Tho' sour Affliction combat Hope awhile. 
When Lovers swear true Faith, the list'ning Angels 
Stand on the golden Battlements of Heav'n, 
And waft their Vows to the Eternal Throne. 
Such were our Vows, and so are they repaid. 

Duke. E'en as you are, we'll join your Hands together. 
A Providence above our Pow'r rules all. 
Ask him Forgiveness, Boy. [To Henriquez. 



DOUBLE FALSEHOOD 89 

Jul. He has it, Sir : 

The Fault was Love's, not his. 

Henr. Brave, gen'rous Julio! 

I knew thy Nobleness of old, and priz'd it, 
'Till Passion made me blind — Once more, my Friend, 
Share in a Heart, that ne'er shall wrong thee more. 
And, Brother, 

Rod. This Embrace cuts oG Excuses. 

Duke. I must, in part, repair my Son's oflfense : 
At your best Leisure, Julio, know our Court. 
And, Violante, (for I know you now;) 
I have a Debt to pay : Your good old Father, 
Once, when I chas'd the Boar, preserv'd my Life: 
For that good Deed, and for your Virtue's Sake, 
Tho' your Descent be low, call me your Father. 
A Match drawn out of Honesty, and Goodness, 

Is Pedigree enough. Are you all pleas'd ? 

[Gives her to Henriquez. 

Cam. All. 

D. Bern. \ 

Henr. ] ^11, Sir. 

Jul. All. 

Duke. And I not least. We'll now return to Court : 
(And that short Travel, and your Loves compleated. 
Shall, as I trust, for Life restrain these Wand'rings.) 
There, the Solemnity, and Grace, I'll do 
Your sev'ral Nuptials, shall approve my Joy; 
And make griev'd Lovers, that your Story read. 
With, true Love's Wand'rings may like yours succeed. 

[Curtain falls. 



FINIS. 



iiiili 




