BIB 


fe^HHBaa 


STUDIA     IN 


THE  LIBRARY 

of 

VICTORIA  UNIVERSITY 

Toronto 


EXTRACTS    FROM   THE    ACCOUNTS 


OF  THE 


REVELS  AT  COURT. 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS 


OF  THE 


REVELS    AT    COURT, 


IN  THE  REIGNS  OF 


QUEEN  ELIZABETH  AND  KING  JAMES  I., 


FROM  THE 


ORIGINAL  OFFICE  BOOKS  OF  THE  MASTERS  AND  YEOMEN. 


WITH  AN  INTRODUCTION  AND  NOTES, 


PETER  CUNNINGHAM. 


LONDON: 
PRINTED  FOR  THE  SHAKESPEARE  SOCIETY. 

1842. 


PR 

'2388 
v.  i^ 


LONDON : 

F.  SHOBERf,,  JUN.,  51,  RUPERT  STREET,   HAYMARKET, 

PRINTER  TO  H.  R.  H.  PRINCE  ALBERT. 


COUNCIL 


THE    SHAKESPEAEE    SOCIETY. 


THE  MOST  NOBLE  THE  MARQUESS  OF  NORMANBY. 

RT.  HON.  LORD  BRAYBROOKE,  F.S.A. 
RT.  HON.  LORD  F.  EGERTON,  M.P. 
RT.  HON.  THE  EARL  OF  GLENGALL. 
RT.  HON.  LORD  LEIGH. 

AMYOT,  THOMAS,  ESQ.,  F.R.S.,  TREAS.  S.A. 

AYRTON,  WILLIAM,  ESQ..  F.R.S.,  F.S.A. 

BOTFIELD,  BERIAH,  ESQ.,  M.P. 

BRUCE,  JOHN,  ESQ.,  F.S.A. 

COLLIER,  J.  PAYNE,  ESQ.,  F.S.A.,  DIRECTOR. 

CRAIK,  GEORGE  L.,  ESQ. 

CUNNINGHAM,  PETER,  ESQ.,  TREASURER. 

DYCE,  REV.  ALEXANDER. 

HALLIWELL,  J.  O.  ESQ.,  F.R.S.,  M.R.I.A. 

HARNESS,  REV.  WILLIAM. 

JERROLD,  DOUGLAS,  ESQ. 

KENNEY,  JAMES,  ESQ. 

MACREADY,  WILLIAM  C,  ESQ. 

MADDEN,  SIR  F.,   F.R.S.,  F.S.A.,   KEEPER  OF  THE 

MSS.  IN  THE  BRITISH  MUSEUM. 
MILMAN,  REV.  HENRY  HART. 
TALFOURD,  MR.  SERGEANT. 
THOMS,  WILLIAM  J.  ESQ. 
TOMLINS,  F.  GUEST,  ESQ.,  SECRETARY. 
WATSON,  SIR  FREDERICK. 
WRIGHT,  THOMAS,  ESQ.,  F.S.A. 
YOUNG,  CHARLES  M.,  ESQ. 


INTRODUCTION, 


When,  by  the  kindness  of  the  Rt.  Hon.  Sir  Robert 
Peel,  I  was  appointed  to  a  situation  in  the  Audit  Office, 
Somerset  House,  one  pf  my  first  inquiries,  unconnected 
with  my  official  duties,  was,  What  old  papers  there  were 
in  the  place.  To  this  there  was  a  ready  reply.  I  was 
told  of  Books  of  Enrolments  and  of  Declared  Accounts 
as  far  back  as  the  reign  of  Henry  VIII. ;  but  no  one 
could  tell  me  of  their  contents  —  for  few  could  read 
them ;  while  some  had  heard  that  we  were  in  possession 
of  the  expenses  of  building  Dover  Castle  and  the  Tower 
of  London — 

Ye  towers  of  Julius,  London's  lasting  shame— 

signed,  it  was  said,  by  no  less  ancient  a  personage  than 
Julius  Caesar.  Of  course  I  did  not  confound  with  these 
very  worthy  gentlemen,  and  clever  in  their  way,  though 
indifferent  antiquaries,  honest  Sir  Julius  Caesar,  Under- 
Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  in  the  reigns  of  Queen 
Elizabeth  and  King  James,  with  the  great  historian  of 
his  own  successes,  the  hero  of  Pharsalia. 

All  this  gave  no  other  promise  than  that  the  field  of 
antiquarian  inquiry  in  the  office  of  the  old  Auditors  of 
the  Imprest  was  still  ungleaned,  and  that,  if  I  was  not 
to  receive  assistance,  I  was  at  least  to  be  without  a  rival. 


yiii  INTRODUCTION. 

With  the  hope  of  finding  entries  which  might  throw 
light  on  our  early  literature,  I  sought  permission 
to  examine  the  Books  of  Enrolment  and  Declared  Ac- 
counts. This  I  obtained  by  the  great  kindness  of  the 
chairman  of  the  office,  Francis  Seymour  Larpent,  Esq. ; 
with  full  liberty  to  transcribe  what  I  liked,  and  to  seek 
for  what  I  thought  was  there,  or  ought  to  be  there.  I 
first  went  through  that  portion  of  the  Declared  Ac- 
counts in  Rolls  that  bore  upon  the  reigns  of  Elizabeth 
and  James  I. ;  and  which  I  thought  was  likely  to  con- 
tain information  illustrative  of  the  literary  history  of 
those  reigns. 

In  my  first  day's  search  I  found  three  rolls  of  the 
expenses  of  Prince  Henry ;  one  excessively  curious,  and 
of  some  importance  in  our  literary  history.  This 
was  "  The  Accompte  of  the  Money  Expended  by  Sir 
David  Murray  K*  as  Keaper  of  the  Privie  Purse  to  the 
late  Noble  Pry  nee  Henry,  Pry  nee  of  Wales,  from  the 
first  of  October  1610  to  the  sixth  of  November  1612 
(the  daye  of  the  decease  of  the  said  Prynce)  as  lykewise 
for  certaine  paymentes  made  after  the  deathe  of  the 
saide  Prynce  in  the  monethes  of  November  and  Decem- 
ber 1612."  I  at  once  saw  that  Birch  knew  nothing  of 
this  roll,  and  that  it  contained  entries  of  payments  to 
Michael  Drayton,  Joshua  Sylvester,  Inigo  Jones,  and 
others. 

One  of  the  first  payments  recorded  in  this  account 
is  for : 

THE  PRYNCES  MASKE. 

Payde  to  sondrye  persons  for  the  chardges  of  a  Maske  presented 
by  the  Prince  before  the  Kinges  matie  on  Newyeres  day  at  night 
beinge  the  first  of  Januarie  1610.  viz. 


INTRODUCTION.  IX 

H.  xx  s.        d. 

To  Mercers cciiijix   viij      v 

XX 

Sylkemen cciiijxviij    xv     vj 

Haberdashers lxxiiij  viij  viij 

XX 

Embroderers iiijix  xvj     ix 

Girdelers  and  others  for  skarfes,  beltes  and  gloves  lxxiiij  viij 

Hosyers  for  silke  stockinges,  poyntes  and  rybbons  xlix  xvj 

Cutler    . vij  iiij 

Tyrewoman xlij  vj 

Taylors cxliij  xiij     vj 

Shoemaker     ...;...  vj  x 

To  Inigoe  Jones  devyser  for  the  saide  Maske     .  xvj 

XX 

In  all     M.iiijxij     vj      x 

"  The  Prynces  Maske  "  was  the  work  of  Ben  Jonson 
and  Inigo  Jones.  In  Jonson's  works  it  is  called  "  Obe- 
ion,  the  Fairy  Prince ;  a  Masque  of  Prince  Henry's ;" 
hut  at  what  period  it  was  played  at  court  Mr.  Gifford 
vas  unable  to  determine.  The  above  extract  sets  the 
matter  at  rest,  and  confirms  Mr.  Collier  in  his  conjec- 
ture that  the  Masque  of  "  Oberon  "  was  performed  on 
N^w  Year's  Day  1610* 

The  account  seemed  to  increase  in  interest  as  I  went 
on,  and  when  I  remembered  that  Sir  David  Murray 
was  himself  a  poet,  I  was  in  expectation  that  I  should 
meet  with  the  name  of  Shakespeare.  The  prince 
was  a  lover  of  poetry;  and  not  only,  says  Ben  Jon- 
son, $id  he  honour  her  with  his  care,  but  examined 
with  lis  own  eye  and  inquired  into  all  her  beauties  and 
strengths.  His  name  is,  moreover,  embalmed  in  the 
verses  ?f  Ben  Jonson,  the  poet  Daniel,  Michael  Dray- 
ton, Tlomas  Heywood,  Joshua  Sylvester,  Bishop  Hall, 

*  GiffoifTs  Jonson,  vol.  viii.  p.  279. — Collier's  Annals,  vol.  i.  p.  375. 


X  INTRODUCTION. 

Webster,  the  dramatist,  Dr.  Donne,  Bishop  Corbet, 
George  Chapman,  Cyril  Tourneur,  Davies  of  Hereford, 
Browne,  the  Pastoralist,  George  Wither,  Sir  William 
Alexander,  and  Drummond  of  Hawthornden.  But  the 
name  of  Shakespeare  was  not  there.  I,  however,  found 
enough  to  add  to  the  honour  in  which  Prince  Henry's 
name  has  been  held,  and  I  hope  to  justify  the  length  of 
the  extracts  that  follow. 

The  prince,  for  his  years,  seems  to  have  been  as  great 
a  gambler  as  De  Roos,  or  any  of  his  associates. 

li.  s. 

Money  lost  in  play  at  Tennys,  Dyce,  Cardes, 

and  other  sportes  as  in  the  prticuler  booke 

/kltvkvvvi^o        menconinge  to  and  wth  whom  the  same  was 

lost  .  .  .  .  .  .  .       mmvjlxxj        mj 

Tennys  balles  spent  by  his  highnes  in  his  play 

in  twoe  whole  yeares  and  one  monethe  .  cccxij     xiiij 

I  find  no  account  of  "  moneys  "  won. 
Master   Heriot    (Jingling   Geordie)    and   his    friend 
Davie  Ramsay  make  no  mean  figure  in  this  account : — 

Jewells  bought  and  made  for  the  prince  at  seuerall  tymes, 

viz. 

li.  s.       d. 

Jewells  geuen  for  the  pryzes  at  the  Barryers*  .         cccvij 
A  rynge  wth  a  fayre  dyamonde  bought  of  Sr 

John  Spylman    ......  iiij 

Jewells  brought  and  made  by  Mr  Heriott  be- 

twene  the  first  of  November  1610,  and  the 

xiiijth  of  December  1611      ....  mlxj        x      x 

A  chayne  and  tablett  withe  dyamondes  geuen 

to  the  Duk  of  Brunswicke  ...  vjl 

*  For  these  barriers  Ben  Jonson  wrote  the  introductoryspeeches. 


INTRODUCTION. 

A  ringe  of  nyne  pointed  dyamondes  lost  in 
huntinge  ...... 

One  Cabonett  of  Ebonye  wrought  wth  siluer 
geuen  to  the  lady  Elizabethe  for  a  newe  yeres 
guyfte        .         ... 

One  other  Cabonett  of  Ebonye  curiouslie 
wrought    


XI 

d: 


Watches  three  brought  of  Mr.  Ramsay  the 
Clockmaker        ...... 

To  George  Heriott  for  sundry  sorts  of  jewels 
and  rings  deliuered  between  1st  January  1611 
and  30  June  1612       .  . 

To  George  Heriott  the  princes  Jeweller  for 
Jewells  sold  made  and  deliuered  to  his  high- 
ness from  the  26  of  June  1612  to  the  20*  of 
October  following,  by  bill  testified  by  Sir 
David  Murray,  Knight,  and  subscribed  by 
the  saide  Heriott.       ..... 


l*j 


mccxlvij 


mcxvij     xij    ix 


Some  of  the  horse,  hunting,  and  hawking  expenses, 
are  worthy  of  record. 

li.  s.        d. 

Horses,  viz. — 
A  bay  stoned  horse  bought  of  The  Erie  of  Cum- 

berlandes  servaunte    .....  xx 

A  roane  gelding    .         .         .         .         .         .  xvj 

A  sadle          ........  iij 

Ffower  horses  sent  to  prynce  Jenvile  with  xxx11. 

for  transporting  them          ....  cxxx       xv 

Twoe  horses  for  the  lantgrave  of  Hesse            .,  liiij 

One  horse  for  Primerose  the  page            .         .  xvj 

Hawkes,  viz. — 

Twoe  fawcons  bought  of  a  Duchman        .          .  xvij 

Three  hawkes  bought  by  Sr  Oliuer  Cromwell   .  xxxiij 

One  bought  of  Sr  Horatio  Veres  man      .         .  iiij 


Xll 


INTRODUCTION. 


XXX 


X 

V 

xij 

xiiij 

VJ 


iiijlxiiij 


xnj  1113 
xxvj 


Xll]      x 

xl 


•"J 


X11J 


lv 
viij 


VJ 


Houndes  bought  by  Mr  Pott 

Water  dogges,  viz. — 
Fower  sent  to  the  Marques  of  Brandenburghe 
Twoe  sent  to  Fflorence 
Fower  other  greate  water  dogges    . 
Shootingpeces        ..... 
Anglinge  rodd  one  .... 

A  larkenett  ..... 

Powder  and  shott  for  byrdinge  peces 
Otes  for  horses  at  Richmonde 
Reaping  of  Eagles  hawkes  houndes  spaniells 

and  sondrie  other  dogges    . 
Chardges  of  three  Bezar  goates 
Huntinge  ffees  in  twoe  yeares 
Fferying  the  houndes  in  sixe  yeares 
Dietinge  of  horses  at  Roiston 
Chardges  about  the  dogwaggon 
To  Mr  Pott  for  careinge  of  dogges  to  the  Kinge 

of  Ffraunce 
Bringinge  a  horse  out  of  Scottlande  from  th 

Erie  of  Marre 

For  providing  coach  horses  from  beyond  the 

seas,  and  charges  for  transporting  horses  out 

of  Barbary         .         .  .         .  .         . 

A  few  of  the  tilting  and  incidental  expenses  are  not 
incurious. 
Launces  for  the  prynce  w 

ueringe  them     ...... 

Clubbes  xxxvj,  balles  to  them  xiiij  dozen.    Ar- 

rowes  headed  wth  siluer  xlij  and  a  velvett 

quyver  richelie  laced  wth  golde     . 
For  boltes  and  arrowes  wth  other  neccies  bought 

by  Henrye  Weste       ..... 
Money  payde  to  Pickeringe  the  Armorer  for 

guildinge  one  Armor  for  the  Duk  of  Bruns- 

wicke  and  for  other  woorkes        .         .         .  ijjj 


vj        X11J    lllj 


lx 


vlxxvj 


guildinge  and  sil- 


ulJiJ 


xxxvj 


V11J 


VJ 


y 


INTRODUCTION. 


Xlll 


Makinge  of  patternes  for  ffortificacons 
Gloves  bought  at  Oxford  and  at  Woodstocke 
One  great  Organ  bought  of  Mr  Hamlet  placed 

at  Sk  James  ..... 
Vyolles  twoe  greate  .... 
Twoe  lutes  ..... 

A  lute  and  vyoll  wth   other  neccessaries  for  a 

singinge  boye     ..... 
Lutestringes  and  such  like  neccies 
For  songebookes  and  pryckinge  of  songes  wth 

a  guilded  coffer  to  kepe  them 
Mappes  and  Instrumentes  for  the  princes  use 
Wages  of  the  princes  Musycons 


it. 
viij 

viij 


s. 

xvj 

X 


clxxvj 
xl 
xxxiij         vj  viij 


v 
xlvij 

xxxj 

c 

viijv 


XVHj    11 1J 

xiiij 


Two  thousand  two  hundred  pounds  are  well  laid  out 


m- 


Antiquities  of  Medall  and  Coynes* 

Here  are  the  Booke  Expenses  : — 

To  John  Bull,  Doctor  of  Musycke  for  sundry 

sortes  of  Musicke  Bookes 
To  Edward  Blount,  Stationer,  for  certain  books 

by  him  deliuered  towards  the  furnishinge  of 

the  princes  library  at  Sl  James 
For  books  deliuered  into  the  princes  library  at 

seueral  times  between  the  29th  of  February 

1 608  and  his  highness  deathe 
For  books  deliuered  by  the  princes  comaunde 

for  the  library  at  S*  Andrews  in  Scotland 
Bookes  and  a  case  to  keepe  bookes 

The  Cockpit  expenses  are  not  large  :- 

For  makinge  readie  the  Cocke  pitt  fower  seuerall 
tymes  for  playes  by  the  space  of  fower  dayes 
in  the  month  of  December  1610 


h. 
mmcc 


cxxij 


xv 


ccclxxx      xix  vij 


lvij 
xxj 


XVlj    mj 
xvj 


lj        x    viij 


*  See  Dallaway's  Walpole,  vol.  ii.,  pp.  47  and  143. 


XIV 


INTRODUCTION. 


For  makinge  readie  the  Cockepitt  for  playes  twoe 
severall  tymes  by  the  space  of  ffower  dayes  in 
the  monethes  of  January  and  February  1611 

For  makeinge  readie  the  Cockepitt  for  a  playe 
by  the  space  of  twoe  dayes  in  the  month  of 
December  1611  ..... 


lxx  viij 


"»J 


On  the  following  sum,  of  jgl3.  6s.  8d.,  I  shall  make 
no  remark. 

li.         s.  d. 

To  Thomas  Wilson  the  princes  Shoemaker  dwel- 
ling in  the  Strande,  for  keeping  a  poor  boy 
taken  up  and  found  at  Woodstock,  and  by 
his  highes  comaundement  committed  to  the 
same  Wilson  his  keepinge,  and  that  he  shall 
take  him  for  an  apprentice  .  .         .  xiij     vj      viij 

These  extracts  will  bear  testimony  to  Henry's  love 
for  the  line  arts  : — 

Pictures,  viz. — 

li.  s.  <1. 

To  Phillip  Jacob  for  diuerse  pictures  for  the  gal 

lereye  at  Se  James 
Twoe  other  pictures 
Mr  Isaake  for  three  pictures 
One  greate  picture 
Three  other  pictures 
One  greate  and  two  litle  pictures 
Vandell  Welde  [a]  Duchman  for  the  pictures  o 

xii  Emperors      ..... 
One  Clase  a  Duchman  for  pictures 
Twoe  pictures  bought  of  a  Duchman 
A  litle  Duchman  for  pictures 
Burlymache  for  the  pictures  that  came  from 

Venyce*  ...... 


cxxx 

cxxx 

xxxij 

xxxiiij 

xxx 

xl 

X 

lxx 

xij 

cclx 


111J  Vllj       XVIJ    lllj 


*  The  name  of  Philip  Burlamachi  occurs  frequently  in  the  volumi- 
nous and  valuable  work  of  Rvmer.     He  was  a  merchant  in  Lon- 


INTRODUCTION.  XV 

li.  s.       d. 

Phillipp  Jacob  aforesaide  for  pictures        .         .  x 

xxx"1  Alabaster  pictures  ....  xv         x 

To  Mr  Peake  for  pictures  and  frames        .         .  xij 

Twoe  great  pictures  of  the  prince  in  Armes  at 

lengthe  sente  beyonde  the  seas    ...  1 

Washinge,  scowringe  and  dressing  of  pictures 

and  makinge  of  frames        ....  xx       iiij 

Fframes  for  sondrye  pictures  .         .         .  xxv         ij 

Three  glasses   for  a  Duchman  to  drawe   the 

prynces  picture vij         x 

To  Abraham  Vander  Doort  gentleman  for  a  pic- 
ture presented  by  him  to  the  prince  by  war- 
rant under  the  privy  seal  and  his  acquittance  1 

Martyn  Van  Benthem  for  the  price  of  certain 
pictures  for  the  furnishing  of  the  gallery  at 
S4  James  ......  xl 

Solomon  de  Caus*  for  his  pencon  at  cB  p'r 
ann  by  l'res  pattentes  due  for  halfe  a  yeare 
ended  at  Mychas  1612        ....  1 

Inigoe  Jones,  Surveyor  of  the  woorkes  for  his 
fee   at  iijs.  per   diem  for  one  whole  yeate 


don,  and  from  his  agency  for  Prince  Henry  found  his  way,  with 
Inigo  Jones,  Vanderdort,  and  others,  into  the  service  of  the  crown. 
I  have  an  account  before  me  of  Philip  Burlamachi  "  as  His  Ma- 
jesty's Agent  upon  several  public  employments  and  occasions," 
between  1622  and  1628,  preserving  an  item  and  a  name  meriting 
preservation : — 

"  The  Accomptaunte  is  allowed  for  money  paid  to  Nichas  Laneer 
His  Mau  Servaunte  for  Provicon  of  Pictures  in  the  Partes  beyond 
the  Seas  for  his  Mat8  service  by  Privy  Seal  and  acquittaunce 

m  c 

xviij  vij11.  vijs." 
"Laniere,"  says  Walpole,    "had  great  share  in  the  purchases 
made  for  the  royal  Collection." — Artec,  by  Dallaway,  vol.  ii.,  p.  270. 
*  Solomon  de  Caus  was  drawing-master  to  Prince  Henry. 


xvi  INTRODUCTION. 

li.  8,       d. 

and  a  halfe  and  xltie  dayes  begonne  the  13th 
January  1610,  and  ended  at  the  feast  of 
S*  Michael  the  Archaungel  1612      .         .  lxxxviij       ij    vj 

Inigoe  Jones,  Surveyor  of  the  princes 
woorkes  for  his  fee  by  Ires  pattentes  at 
iij8.  per  diem  for  xxxvij  dayes  begonne  the 
firste  of  October  1612  and  ended  the  vjth  of 
November  followinge      ....  cxj 

To  the  paymaster  of  the  Woorkes  for  money 
due  to  sundry  persons  for  wages  materialls 
and  other  charges  of  the  works  at  Rich- 
mond, S1.  James',  Woodstocke,  and  other 
places  as  appeareath  by  monthly  books  sub- 
scribed by  Inigoe  Jones  and  Francis  Carter, 
Officers  of  the  Works  and  Mounsr  de  Caus  mm  viij  xxviij  x 

To  Abraham  Vander  Dorte  a  drawer  of  pic- 
tures pension  at  l11.  per  ann  :    .  1 

Of  the  "  Rewardes  geven  at  Chris teninges," 

gr  "Will™  Alexander  Knight  his  child,  viz  to  the  nurse 

and  Midwiefe  iiij11.,  and  for  plate  geven  there  xj11.  xjs. 

In  all xv    xj 

The  Erie  of  Argyles  childe  viz  to  the  Nurse  and  myd- 

wiefe  vj11.  and  for  plate  geven  there  xlj1'.  xijR.  vjd. 

In  all  ........      xlvij  xij  vj 

In  the  List  of  "  Guyftes  and  Rewardes,"  the  names 
of  Owen,  Cotgrave,  and  Coryatt  occur. 


Inigoe  Jones  the  Princes  Surveyor  .... 

li.              8. 

XXX 

Mounr  du  Caus      ........ 

clvij 

Mr  Owen  the  latyne  poett 

XXX 

Mr  Coryatt* 

X 

Rowland  Cotgrave  presentinge  a  dictionarye    . 

X 

A  Duche  graver  sent  for         ..... 

xiij  iiij 

*  Tom  Coryatt,  whose  very  name  calls  up  a  smile. 


INTRODUCTION. 


XVll 


A  Ducheman  presentinge  a  law  booke 

One  that  presented  a  great  dictionarye     . 

Duchemen  which  came  from  Rotterdam  for  Buyldinges 

James  Murrey  a  shippwrighte 

A  Ffrencheman  that  made  the  frontispece  of  the  Byble 

Twoe  Ffrenchemen  that  made  sylke 

Mr  Ramsey  the  Clockemaker 

The  Antidoteman 

A  Grecyan  strawnger  ..... 
Ffrenche  musycons  ..... 
A  Ffrencheman  wth  balownes  and  other  thinges 
Counte  Maury ce  his  Armorer 
An  Italian  Jugler  ...:,. 
Jockye  of  Hampton  Courte  .... 
Redd  Andrew 


xv 

XX 

XXXV 

XXV 

X 

xvj 

XJ 

clx 
xv 


XX 

xiJ 

xiJ     ij 

XXX 

xij 


Among  the  "  Anuyties   and   Pencons, "   there  are 
three  highly  honourable  to  the  Prince. 

li. 

M*8  Primerose  nurse  to  the  prince  at  xxxli.  pr  ann.  for  twoe 

yeares     ..........  lx 

Mr  Silvester*  at  xx11.  pr  ann.  for  the  same  tyme  xl 

Mr  Draytonf  a  poett  for  one  yeare x 


*  Joshua  Sylvester,  the  poet,  who  lamented  his  youthful  patron  in 
a  funeral  elegie  overlaid  with  black,  and  faced  with  the  fantastic  title 
of  LachrymcB  Lachrymarvm,  or  the  Distillation  of  Teares  shedefor  the 
vntymely  Death  of  the  Incomparable  Prince  Panaretus : 

"  This  Losse  (alas !)  which  vnto  all  belongs. 


But  more  then  most,  to  Mee,  that  had  no  Prop 
But  Henry's  Hand,  and,  but  in  Him,  no  hope. 

f  To  Prince  Henry  the  •  golden  mouthed'  Drayton  consecrates  his 
Polyolbion,  as  a  return  (and  it  is  a  noble  one)  for  his  royal  influ- 
ence on  his  distressed  fortunes.  Michael  Drayton  has  a  complimentary 
sonnet  to  his  kinde  friend  Da  Murray. 

b 


XVlll  %     INTRODUCTION. 

Henry  died  in  November,  1612,  and  the  pensions  for 
the  year  commencing  Michaelmas  1612  were  recom- 
mended for  payment,  to  the  Lord  Privy  Seal  and  the 
Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  by  the  heads  of  the  Prince's 
Household  and  the  Auditors  of  the  Accounts. 

Also  wee  humbly  offer  unto  yor  honorable  lo.  pleasure  and  conside- 
racon  the  names  of  sondrye  prsons  hereunder  menconed  whoe  by  the 
comaundem*  of  the  late  prince  wthout  anie  graunte  in  wrytinge  were 
allowed  yerelie  somes  by  way  of  Anuyties  or  pencons,  out  of  the 
privie  purse  of  the  said  late  prince,  viz  :  Joshua  Siluester  poett  xx11. 
Mr.  Drayton  a  poet  xu.  Mr.  Owen  a  poet  xx1'.  MIS.  Bruce  a  weaninge 
nurse  to  the  prince  x11.,  the  wiefe  of  Doctr  Martyn  xiij11.  vj8.  viijd., 
two  gentlemen  both  called  James  Murray  xx11.,  Nicholls  late  keper 
of  S1.  James'  parke  xiijh.  vjs.  viijd.,  Davies  housekeeper  of  Wood- 
stock discharged  x'1.,  Harrys,  Wardrober  at  Woodstock  discharged 
x".,  and  Astanio  an  Italian  preacher  x".  Makinge  in  all 

cxxxvj'1.  xiij9.  iiij  .  by  the  yeare. 

D.  Murray.  Fra  :  Goston. 

Tho  :  Chaloner  Ri :  Sutton. 

A.  Newton.  Rich  :  Connock. 
J.  Holies. 

Mr.  Collier  has  valued  the  money  of  the  reigns  of 
Elizabeth  and  James  at  five  times  its  present  value. 

I  was  next  attracted  to  the  Privy  Purse  Expenditure 
of  the  Prince's  father,  where  I  met  with  an  item  or  two 
deserving  preservation. 

Vyolles,  viz  one  Sett  for  the  Kinge  xlu.  one  other  Sett  and  a  base- 
vyoll  for  the  Pry  nee  xxxij1'.  lxxij11. 

Hawkes  four  pere  at  lx8.  the  pere  xij". 

Sweete  bagges  for  the  Kynges  lynnen  and  sweete  water  and  pow- 
der for  the  bedchamber  xxxvj".  xiiij".  viijd. 

Necessaryes  provyded  and  bought  by  ye  gromeporter  for  the  privie 


INTRODUCTION.  XIX 

chamber,  and  chamber  of  presence,  wlh  flowers  and  boughes  at  sondry 

XX 

tymes  in  the  progresse  tyme  iiij  xv".  iiij8.  viijd. 

A  canvas  pallette  for  the  kinges  bedd  iju.  xs. 

Strawe  for  the  Kinges  bedd  xij".  xv9. 

Money  deliuered  to  the  Kinges  Mau  owne  handes  and  by  his 
highnes  lost  at  playe  on  the  Twelfth  day  1603.  vju. 

Also  allowed  to  the  sayde  Accomptaunte  for  money  by  him  dis- 
bursed and  payde  by  comaundem1  of  the  Kinges  Matie  to  dyverse  and 
sondrye  p'rsons  aswell  Englishe  and  Scottes  as  Straungers  by  way 

m  c 

of  Guyftes  and  Rewardes  xviij  vij  lxviij".  x\ 

The  Deane  of  the  Chappell  in  gold  for  p'rsons  to  be  towched  for 
the  Kinges  euill  ccij".  x". 

The  Knighte  Marshall  for  sendinge  away  ydle  and  loyteringe 
p'rsons  from  the  Courte  xxviij8. 

Whenever  the  book  of  '  Guyftes  and  Rewardes '  shall 
be  discovered,  it  is  but  fair  to  suppose  we  shall  meet 
with  the  name  of  Shakespeare.  The  last  item  re- 
fers to  men  like  Richie  Moniplies,  and  his  noble 
master. 

I  now  turned  to  the  Books  of  Enrolment  and  found  a 
few  documents  about  the  Revels  and  our  old  play- 
wrights that  had  escaped  the  researches  of  Malone,  of 
Chalmers,  and  even  of  Mr.  Collier.  Here  I  discovered  a 
warrant  from  Queen  Elizabeth  to  pay  to  Thomas  Pres- 
ton, "  o'r  Sckoler,"  a  pension  of  twenty  pounds  by  the 
year.  This  I  saw  was  no  other  than  King  Cambyses 
Preston,  "  who  acted  so  admirably  well,"  says  Oldys, 
"  in  the  tragedy  of  Dido,  before  Queen  Elizabeth,  when 
she  was  entertained  at  Cambridge  in  1564,  and  did  so 
genteelly  and  gracefully  dispute  before  her,  that  she 

b  2 


xx  INTRODUCTION. 

gave  him  2011-  per  ann.  for  so  doing."*     I  copy  the  war- 
rant to  add  my  testimony  to  the  general  accuracy  of 

Oldys : 

[Audit  Office  Enrolments,  vol.  i.,  p.  86.] 
Elizabeth  R.  By  the  Quene. 

Trustie  and  welbeloued  we  greate  you  well  wheras  for  the  better 
enterteignment  of  o'r  Sckoler  Thomas  Preston  we  haue  graunted  unto 
him  A  pencon  of  twenty  poundes  by  yere  paiable  at  yor  handes  during 
o'r  pleasuer — Our  Will  and  comaun dement  is  that  of  o'r  Money  and 
Treasoure  remayninge  and  to  remayne  in  yor  chardge  and  custodie  ye 
content  and  paie  the  saide  pencon  of  twentye  poundes  by  yere  duringe 
o'r  pleasuer  at  twoo  usuall  termes  by  equall  porcons  wherof  the  firste 
payment  to  begyne  at  the  feaste  of  S*.  Michaell  tharchaengell  laste 
paste.  And  theis  o'r  Ires'  shalbe  yo'r  sufficient  warr*  and  dis- 
charge in  that  behalfe.  Geven  under  o'r  Signet  at  o'r  Mannor  of 
Sfc.  James'  the  xviijth  of  October  the  Sixte  yere  of  oure  Reigne. 
To  oure  trustie  and  welbeloued  suante  Ex.  pr.  Honynge. 

John  Tamworthe  Esquier  Keper  of 

o'r  prie  pursse  and  to  the  Kepr  of 

the  same  for  the  tyme  beinge. 

This,  though  of  a  later  date,  is  far  from  devoid  of  in- 
terest. 

{Audit  Office  Enrolments,  1660-1673,  p.  707.] 

These  are  to  pray  and  require  you  to  pay  or  cause  to  be  paid  unto 
Pelham  Humphryes  Master  of  the  Children  of  His  Ma'8  Chapel 
Royal  the  sum  of  Thirty  Pounds  by  the  year  during  His  Mats  Plea- 
sure for  keeping  of  Thomas  Heywood  late  a  Child  of  the  Chapel 
whose  voice  is  changed  and  is  gone  from  the  Chapel  &c.  To 
commence  from  the  25th  day  of  December  last  past  1672.  And 
this  shall  be  your  Warrant  given  under  my  hand  this  12th  day  of 
April  1673  In  the  25th  year  &c. 

To  Sr  Edward  Griffin  SK  Alban. 

Kn4  Trear  of  His  Mu  Chamber. 

The  Heywoods  for  a  century  and  a  half  were  con- 

*  MS.  Notes  on  Langbaine. 


INTRODUCTION.  xxi 

nected  with  the  stage.  This  is  the  last-remembered  of 
the  name,  and  I  see  little  to  discountenance  the  suppo- 
sition that  he  was  a  scion  of  the  stock  of  Thomas  Hey- 
wrood,  the  most  prolific  writer  of  his  age,  and  one  of  the 
best  and  most  successful. 

The  warrants  and  orders  that  follow  throw  a  little 
light  on  the  rewards  received  by  the  masters  and  yeomen 
of  the  revels.  Some  are  from  the  originals,  others  from 
official  copies,  and  all  are  curious. 

[Enrolments,  vol.  ii.,  p.  108.] 
After  Our  hearty  Commendations — Whereas  William  Hunning 
and  Edward  Kyrkham  Officers  of  the  Revells  are  by  these  Lettres 
patent  under  the  great  Seale  of  England  to  have  the  use  of  such  houses 
and  lodgings  as  anciently  did  belong  to  either  of  their  places,  And 
whereas  upon  his  Mats  gift  of  the  house  of  S*.  Johns  to  the  Lord 
Aubigny  they  have  been  dispossessed  of  the  houses  and  lodgings 
formerly  appointed  to  their  offices,  and  by  means  thereof  are  forced 
to  provide  themselves  of  others  at  a  yearly  rent  untill  some  other 
places  shall  be  assigned  to  them  for  that  purpose,  and  thereupon  have 
been  suitors  unto  us  for  some  such  allowaunce  in  regard  of  their  said 
houses  and  lodgings  as  we  in  Our  discretion  should  think  meet  and 
convenient  for  them :  These  are  therefore  to  will  and  require  you  to 
allow  unto  either  of  them  fifteen  pounds  by  the  year  in  the  Accounts 
of  the  Master  of  the  Revells  to  be  yearly  passed  before  you  in  respect 
of  their  said  houses  and  lodgings  so  taken  from  them  as  aforesaid  by 
his  Mat8  said  Grant  to  the  lord  Aubigny  and  according  to  the  same 
rates  of  fifteen  pounds  by  year  to  either  of  them  to  make  allowance 
unto  them  for  two  whole  years  ended  at  the  feast  of  All  Saints  now 
last  past,  and  the  same  to  continue  hereafter  until  they  shall  be 
otherwise  provided  for  by  His  Highness.  And  this  shall  be  your 
Warrant  and  Discharge  in  that  behalf,  from  Whitehall  the  10th  of 
November  1610. 

your  very  loving  friends, 

R.  Salisbury 
To  Our  Loving  Friends  Francis  Goston  Jul.  Casar. 

and  Richard  Sutton  Esquires,  Audi- 
tors of  the  Trests 


XXll  INTRODUCTION. 

[From  the  Original.*'] 

After  Or  hartie  comendacons.  Whereas  heretofore  you  had  had 
Warrant  to  allow  unto  Sr.  George  Buck  k*.,  Master  of  his  Mat8  Re- 
vells  upon  his  yearely  accompt,  the  somrae  of  Thirty  pounds  towards 
the  charge  and  rent  of  a  house  as  well  for  the  office,  as  for  his  owne 
dwelling,  the  house  of  S*.  Johns  where  the  same  was  formerly  kept, 
being  otherwise  disposed  of  by  his  Matie.  And  forasmuch  as  we 
understand,  that  the  said  Sr  George  Buck,  having  provided  a  con- 
venient house  for  that  service,  doth  pay  for  the  same,  twenty  pounds 
a  yeare,  more  than  his  former  allowance.  We  doe  therefore  hereby 
require  you  to  allow  unto  him  upon  his  next  accompt,  the  somme  of 
Fortie  pounds  for  the  surcrease  and  arrere  of  two  yeares  rent  ended 
at  Michelmas  last;  and  also,  to  allow  him  twenty  pounds  a  yeare, 
over  and  above  the  Thirty  pounds  before  menconed,  untill  such  time, 
as  you  shall  have  direction  for  the  contrary,  or  that  his  Ma"e.  shalbe 
pleased  to  appoint  some  other  place  where  the  said  office  of  Revells 
shalbe  kept.  And  for  so  doing,  this  shalbe  yor  Warrant.  From 
Whitehall  the  19th  of  December  1612. 

yor  loving  f  reinds 

H.  Northampton.  T.  Suffolke. 

E.  Zouche.  E.  Wotton. 

Jul.  Caesar. 
To  Or  loving  freinds  Francis  Goston 

and  Richard  Sutton  Esq1-8,  his  Mat8 

Auditors  for  the  Imprest. 


[Enrolments,  vol.  vi.,  p.  131.] 
After  my  hearty  comendacone  whereas  upon  his  Mats  Graunte  of 
the  house  of  Sl.  Johns  unto  the  Lord  Obigny  there  was  order  giuen 
for  Allowance  of  fifty  pounds  by  the  yeare  to  bee  made  unto  Sr  George 
Bucke  Kn*.  decd.  Master  of  His  Mats  Revells  to  provide  himselfe  of 
a  convenient  howse  and  office  to  bee  paid  in  his  Accompts  to  bee 


*  The  official  and  contemporary  copy  of  this  document  differs  alto- 
gether in  its  spelling  from  the  original.  Nothing  can  shew  the  un- 
settled nature  of  our  orthography  at  that  time  better  than  this  very 
trivial  circumstance. 


INTRODUCTION.  XXlll 

yearely  passed  before  you,  as  by  warrants  to  you  in  that  behalfe  doth 

appeare.     And  for  asmuch  as  Sr  John  Ashley  Kne.  succeeding  in  the 

place  of  Sr  George  Bucke  doth  as  yet  provide  himselfe  of  a  howse 

and  office  at  a  yearely  rent  untill  some  other  place  shalbee  assigned 

unto  him  for  that  purpose  and  thereupon  hath  beene  an  humble  suitor 

unto  mee  for  such  allowance  as  hath  been  formerly  allowed  to  his 

predecessors  these  are  therefore  to  will  and  require  you  to  allow  unto 

him  the  sume  of  fifty  pounds  by  the  yeare  in  his  Accompts  to  bee 

passed  before  you  for  two  whole  yeares  ending  at  the  feast  of  All 

Saints  last  past.     And  the  same  to  continue  yearely  hereafter  untill 

hee  shalbee  otherwise  provided  for  by  his  Matie.  Whitehall  this  last 

of  June  1624. 

Yor  loueing  freind 

Rich :  Weston. 
To  my  very  loving  freinds  the  AudrB 

of  his  Mat9  Imprests. 


[Enrolments,  vol.  ill. ,  p.  750.] 

After  my  very  hartie  commendacons.  Whereas  the  Master  and 
Officers  of  the  Revells,  were  commaunded  by  his  Maty  to  beginne 
theire  Attendaunce  yearely  at  the  feast  of  Sfc.  Michaell  the  Arch- 
aungell  which  is  above  a  moneth  before  their  usuall  tyme  of  way  ting 
and  demaund  allowaunce  for  three  late  yeares  begining  the  last  of 
September  1 630  and  ending  the  last  of  October  1 632  a  moneth  sooner 
than  their  ordinary  tyme  of  attendaunce.  Theis  are  therefore  to 
pray  and  require  you  that  for  every  yeare  within  the  said  tyme  you 
give  allowaunce  to  the  Master  of  eight  shillings  per  diem  which 
cometh  to  twelve  pounds.  To  the  Clark  Comptroller,  Clerk  and 
Yeoman,  three  pounds  sixe  shillings  and  eight  pence  a  yeere  which 
comes  to  tenne  poundes,  and  to  the  Groome  one  pound  thirteene 
shillings  fower  pence  yearely  and  to  contynue  the  same  from  tyme 
to  tyme  yearely  untill  you  have  warraunt  to  the  contrary.  And  for 
so  doing  this  shalbe  your  warraunte.  Whitehall  the  xiith  of  Feby 
1636. 


To  my  very  loving  friends  the  Auditors 
of  his  Mat8.  Imprest  or  any  of  them 
whome  it  may  concerne. 


Pembroke  Mountgomerie. 


XXIV  INTRODUCTION. 

[From  the  Original,'] 

Wheras  by  virtue  of  his  Mau  Letters  Patent  bearing  date  the  1 6th 
of  June  1625  made  and  graunted  in  confirmation  of  diuers  Warrants 
and  priuy  Seales  unto  you  formerly  directed  in  the  time  of  oT  late 
Soueraigne  Lord  King  James,  you  are  Authorized  (amongst  other 
things)  to  make  payment  for  Playes  acted  before  his  Matie :  Theis 
are  to  pray  and  require  you  out  of  his  Matg  Treasure  in  your  charge 
to  pay  or  cause  to  bee  payd  unto  John  Lowen  and  Joseph  Taylor  or 
either  of  them  for  themselves  and  the  rest  of  the  Company  of  his 
Mats  Players  the  summe  of  Two  hundred  and  tenne  pounds  (beeing 
after  the  usuall  and  accustomed  rate  of  Tenne  pounds  for  each  play) 
for  One  and  Twenty  Playes  by  them  acted  before  his  Maty  at  Hamp- 
ton Court  and  elsewhere  within  the  space  of  a  yeere  ended  in  Febru- 
ary last :  And  that  you  likewise  pay  unto  them  the  summe  of  Thirtye 
pounds  more  for  their  paynes  in  studying  and  acting  the  new  Play 
sent  from  Oxford  called  The  Royall  Slaue  which  in  all  amounteth  to 
the  summe  of  Two  Hundred  and  Forty  Pounds :  And  thus  together 
w,h  their  Acquittance  for  the  Receipt  therof  shall  bee  your  Warr1. 
Whitehall  the  12th  of  March  1636. 

Pembroke  and  Montgomery. 

To  Sr  William  Uvedale  Kn*. 

Tr'er  of  His  Mats  Chamber. 


[From  the  Original.'] 

Playes  acted  before  the  Kinge  and  Queene 

this  present  yeare  of  the  Lord  1636. 

1.  Easter  munday  at  the  Cockpitt  the  firste  parte  of  Arviragus.* 

2.  Easter  tuesday  at  the  Cockpitt  the  second  parte  of  Arviragus. 

3.  The  4th  of  Aprill  at  the  Cockpitt  the  Silent  Woman. 

4.  The  5th  of  May  at  the  Blackfryers  for  the  Queene  and  the 
prince  Elector — Alfonso. f 

5.  The  17th  of  November  at  Hampton  Courte  the  Coxcombe. 

6.  The  19th  of  November  at  Hampton  Court  Beggers  bush 

7 .  The  29th  of  November  at  Hampton  Court  the  Maides  Tragedie 


By  Lodowick  Carlell.  f  By  Chapman. 


INTRODUCTION.  XXV 

8.  The  6th  of  December  at  Hampton  Court  the  Loyall  Subiect. 

9.  The  8th  of  December  at  Hampton  Court  the  Moore  of  Venice 

10.  The  16th  of  December  at  Hampton  Court  Loues  Pilgrimage 

11.  S*.  Stephen's  day  at  Hampton  Court  the  first  pte  of  Arviragus. 

12.  Sl.  Johns  day  at  Hampton  Court  the  second  parte  of  Arviragus. 

13.  The  first  day  of  January  at  Hampton  Court  Loue  and  Honor.* 

14.  The  5th  of  January  at  Hampton  Court  the  Elder  Brother. 

15.  The  10th  of  January  at  Hampton  Court  the  Kinge  and  Noe 
Kinge 

16.  The  12th  of  January  the  new  playe  from  Oxford  the  Roy  all 
Slave.f 

17.  The  17th  of  January  at  Hampton  Court — Rollo 

18.  The  24th  of  January  at  Hampton  Court — Hamlett. 

19.  The  31st  of  January  at  Sl.  James*  the  tragedie  of  Caesar 

20.  The  9th  of  February  at  Sl.  James'  the  Wife  for  a  Moneth. 

21.  The  16th  of  February  at  Sl.  James'  the  Governour. 

22.  The  21st  of  February  at  Sl.  James'  Philaster. 


[From  the  Original."] 
After  my  very  harty  Commendacones  — Wheras  the  Officers  of  the 
Revells  haue  by  my  commands  attended  at  Hampton  Court  about  his 
Ma't8  Service  these  Three  last  yeares  beginning  the  last  of  October 
1632  and  ending  the  last  of  October  1635  a  month  sooner  than  their 
ordinary  time  of  Attendance  —  Theis  are  therefore  to  pray  and  re- 
quire you  That  for  euery  yeere  within  the  sayd  time  you  giue  Allow- 
ance to  the  Mr.  of  Eight  Shillings  pr  diem  which  cometh  to  Twelue 
pounds  :  To  the  Clarke  Comptroller,  Clarke  Yeoman  Three  pounds 
six  shillings  and  eight  pence  a  peece  which  cometh  to  Tenne  pounds : 
To  the  Groome  One  pound  thirteene  shillings  and  fower  pence  which 
cometh  in  all  to  Twenty  three  pounds  thirteene  shillings  and  fower 
pence  yeerly.  And  for  so  doeing  This  shall  bee  your  Warrant. 
Whitehall  the  25th  of  May  1636. 

To  my  very  loueing  friends  the  Pembroke  and  Montgomery. 

Auditors  of  his  Mats  Imprest, 
or  any  of  them,  whome  it  may 
concerne. 


*  By  Davenant.  f  By  Cartwright. 


XXvi  INTRODUCTION. 

[Enrolments,  vol.  i.  p.  131.] 
After  my  hearty  Comendacone  forasmuch  as  upon  consideracon  of 
the  warrant  of  Sr  Richd  Weston  Kn*.  Chancellor  and  Under  Threa'r 
of  the  Exchequer  to  the  late  King  James  whereof  the  within  written 
is  a  true  Copy  :  And  on  perusall  of  the  Accompts  of  the  office  of  his 
Mau  Revells  for  severall  yeares  ended  in  the  yeare  1638  being  the  last 
Accompts  of  that  office  passed  in  the  time  of  the  late  king  Charles,  It 
appeares  unto  mee  that  the  Allowance  of  fifty  pounds  pr  ann  :  in  the 
said  warr*  menconed  to  bee  allowed  for  the  rent  of  a  house  to  be  pro- 
vided for  the  said  office  was  continued :  And  there  being  applicacon 
made  unto  mee  by  Sr  Henry  Herbert  Kn't  now  Mar  of  his  Mats  Re- 
vells for  the  like  Allowance  to  bee  made  unto  him,  there  being  as  yet 
noe  house  otherwise  provided  for  that  purpose.  These  are  therefore 
to  will  and  authorize  you  to  make  unto  the  said  Sr  Henry  Herbert  from 
time  to  time  the  like  allowance  upon  his  Accts  of  the  said  Office  in  such 
manner  as  the  same  hath  beene  formerly  made,  untill  there  shalbee  a 
house  otherwise  provided  for  the  said  service.  Dated  March  the  8th 
1606. 

Ashley. 
To  my  Loueing  freinds  His  Ma" 

Auditors  of  the  Imprests. 


[Enrolments t  vol.  i.,  p.  132.] 

After  my  hearty  comendacone :  Whereas  the  Master  and  the  offi- 
cers of  the  Revells  were  comanded  by  his  Maty  to  begin  theire  atten- 
dance yearely  at  the  feast  of  Sl.  Michaell  the  Archangell  which  is 
aboue  a  moneth  before  theire  usuall  time  of  waiteing  and  demand 
Allowance  for  sixe  late  yeares  beginning  ye  last  of  October  1660  and 
ending  the  last  of  October  1666.  a  moneth  sooner  than  theire  ordi- 
nary time  of  attendance :  These  are  therefore  to  pray  and  require 
you,  that  for  every  yeare  within  the  said  time  you  give  Allowance  to 
the  Master  of  Eight  Shillings  p.  diem  which  comes  to  twenty  foure 
pounds  :  To  the  Clerke- Comptroller,  Clerke,  and  Yeoman,  Sixe 
poundes  thirteene  shillings  and  foure  pence  a  piece  which  comes  to 
Twenty  pounds,  and  to  the  Groome  one  pound  thirteene  shillings 
and  fourpence  yearely  and  to  continue  the  same  from  time  to  time 


INTRODUCTION.  XXV11 

vearely  untill  you  have  warrant  to  the  contrary.     And  for  soe  doing 

this  shalbee  yor  warrant.     Giuen  under  ray  hand  this  viijth  day  of 

March  1 666,  in  the  xixth  yeare  of  his  Mts  Raigne. 

E.  Manchester. 
To  my  very  loueing  freinds  The  Aud" 

of  his  Mts  Imprests. 

The  extracts  that  follow  are  derived  from  the  original 
Office  Books  of  the  Treasurers  of  the  Chamber  during  a 
part  of  the  reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth.  It  is  to  be  re- 
gretted that  the  set  is  very  incomplete,  while  it  is  right 
to  add  that  a  few  of  the  payments  for  Plays  were  printed 
before  by  Chalmers,  from  the  Registers  of  the  Privy 
Council. 

Payde  to  Rychard  Juggo  the  Q  Ma*3  prynter  upon  her  warrunt 
dated  at  Grenewich  the  xxij  of  July  A0  ij°  for  certeyn  bookes  by  him 
deluired  to  those  of  the  Chappell  viz  for  one  Byble  of  the  greate 
vollume  xxyj8.  viijd.  for  two  lesser  Bybles  xl8. 

Payde  upon  the  Councelles  L're  dated  at  Westm1"  the  xxj  daye  of 
Januarye  1 560  to  the  L.  Robert  Duddeleys  playors  in  way  of  the  Q. 
reward  vj".  xiij8.  iiijd.  And  to  Sebastyan  Westcott  Mr  of  the  Chil- 
dren of  Polls  vj".  xiij8.  iiijd.  for  playing  in  Christmas  before  her  grace 
in  all  xiij".  vj8.  viijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Couhsell's  Warraunt  dated  at  Westmrthe  ixth  daye 
of  March  1561  to  Sebastyan  Westcot  Mr  of  the  children  of  Polls  for      d    ||^ 
an  Entrelude  played  before  the  Q.  Matie  vj11*  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  to  thentrelude  players*  viz  to  John  Browne,  Edmond 
Stroodewycke,  John  Smyth  and  William  Reading  euery  of  them  at 
iijH.  vj8.  viijd.  per  Ann  and  xxiij8.  iiijd.  for  their  Lyuery  Cotes  yerely 
to  bee  payde  quarterly  dew  unto  them  for  one  hole  yeare  ending  at 
Mychas  An0  iiij°.  xviij". 


*  These  names  are  not  in  Mr.  Collier's  Annals.  Smith  was  the 
longest  liver,  and,  as  their  places  were  never  filled  up,  they  may  be 
looked  upon  as  the  last  of  the  Court  Interlude  Players. 


XXviii  INTRODUCTION. 

Payde  to  John  Bapta  Castiglion  grome  of  the  preuy  Chamber  upon 
the  Q.  Mats  warraunt  dated  at  Westmr  the  xxviijth  of  March  A0  iiij° 
to  bee  by  him  deliured  over  in  way  of  the  Queenes  Mats  reward  to 
Alphonso  Ferrabosco  Italion  Musicon  the  some  of  xxh. 

Payde  to  Alphonso  Ferrabosco  Italyon  upon  the  Q.  Mau  Warraunt 
dorm  dated  at  Greenwich  the  xvjth  of  June  A°  iiij0  for  his  Annuytie 
of  C  marks  per  ann.  payable  q'rly  during  pleasure  dew  for  halfe  a 
yere  ending  at  Mychas  A0  iiij°  xxxiij".  vj\  viijd. 


Payde  upon  the  Q.  Mau  Warraunt  dated  at  Windesor  Castle  the 
xxviijth  of  August  1563  To  Sr  Wylliam  Cecill  knight,  principall 
Secretarye  to  bee  by  him  deliuered  by  waye  of  her  Mats  reward  to  a 
frenchman  that  brought  certeyn  books  to  the  Q.  Matie  from  one 
Ronsard  a  Poet  the  some  of  xl  french  crownes  amounting  in  currant 
money  to  xij\ 

Payde  to  the  Earle  of  War  wicks  players  by  vertue  of  the  Councells 
Warr  dated  at  Westmr  the  xviijth  of  January  1564  by  waye  of  her 
Mats  rewarde  for  ij  playes  by  them  played  and  presented  before  her 
highnes  this  Christmas  the  some  of  xiij11.  vj8.  viijd. 

Payde  uppon  the  Councells  L're  dated  at  Westmr  the  xviijth  of 
January  1564  to  Sebastian  Westcot  Mr  of  the  children  of  Pools  for 
a  playe  presented  by  him  before  the  Q.  Matie  the  Christmas  A°  vij° 

vjh.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payd  upon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  at  Westm  the  ixth  of 
Marche  1564  to  Sebastian  Westcot  Mrof  the  children  of  Polls  for 
presenting  a  play  before  the  Q.  Matie  on  Candelmas  day  last  past  by 
waye  of  her  highnes  Rewarde  vju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsells  Warrant  dated  at  Westmr  the  xth  of 
January  1562  to  the  players  of  the  Lorde  Robt  Duddeley  and  to  the 
M  of  the  children  of  Polls  for  playing  before  the  Quenes  Matie  in 
Christmas.  xiii11 


::;d 


xiij".  vj".  vnj 


Paid  upon  A  bill  signed  by  the  lorde  Chamberlayne  To  Willm 
Hunys  Mr  of  the  Children  of  her  Mu  Chappell  for  xxUe  queares  and  a 
half  of  paper  royall  at  ij8.  the  quere  xljs.  and  for  byndinge  the  same 


INTRODUCTION.  xxix 

into  xvij  books  -whereof  xiiij  at  ijs.  yjd.  the  peece  and  thre  at  xxd.  the 
peece  xl".  And  for  writinge  and  prickinge  ccx  sheets  in  the  said  xvij 
books  at  xijd.  the  sheete  xli.  x8.  In  all  by  her  Mat9  especiall  order 
declared  by  the  said  bill  xv".  xj8.  yjd. 

Payde  upon  a  Bill  subscribed  by  Mr  Secretarye  dated  at  Hampton 
Courte  the  xixth  of  December  1568  To  Nicholas  Delatower  a  Greeke 
borne  wch  broughte  unto  the  Quenes  Matie  certayne  Ires  and  pre- 
sented unto  her  Made  certayne  Bookes  wch  he  hadd  written  in  Greeke 
by  waye  of  her  Mats  rewarde  the  some  of  xiju.  vj8.  viijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsayles  Warrante  dated  at  Hampton  Courte 
the  xxviijth  of  December  1568  To  the  Lord  Riches  playors  by  waye 
&c  for  presenting  of  a  playe  before  her  highnes  on  S*  Stevens  daye 
at  night  laste  paste  vj".  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  to  Sabastyan  Westcott  Mr  of  the  Childeren  of  Powles  by 
waye  of  &c  for  presentinge  a  playe  before  her  highnes  on  New  yeres 
day  at  night  1568  vjH.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsayles  warrante  dated  at  Westmr  the  xxvth  of 
Februarye  1568  To  Richarde  Farrant  Scole  Mr  to  the  Childeren  of 
Wyndsor  for  presenting  a  playe  before  the  Quenes  Mtie  on  Shrove 
Tewsdaye  at  nyght  laste  paste  by  way  of  &c  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsayles  Warrante  dated  at  Windsor  the  ij  of 
Januarye  1569  To  Richarde  Ferrante  Scolemr  to  the  Childeren  of 
Wyndsor  by  waye  of  &c  for  presentinge  a  playe  before  her  highnes 
this  Christmas  upon  Se  Johns  daye  at  nighte  laste  paste 

vju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsayles  Warrante  dated  at  Wyndsor  vij°  Janu- 
ary 1569  To  Willm  Hunnys  Mr  of  the  Childeren  of  her  Mate  Chap- 
pell  by  waye  of  her  Mu  rewarde  for  presentinge  a  Playe  before  her 
Malie  on  Twelfe  daye  at  nyghte  laste  paste  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payde  upon  the  Counsayles  warrante  dated  at  Hampton  Courte  the 
vijtb  daye  of  Februarye  1569  To  the  Lord  Riches  playors  for  pre- 
sentinge of  a  Playe  before  the  Quenes  Matie  on  Shroue  Sondaye  at 
nyghte  laste  paste  by  waye  of  &c  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 


XXX  INTRODUCTION. 

Payde  upon  a  bill  signed  by  Mr  Secretarye  dated  at  Wyndsor  xviij0 
Octobris  1569  To  Edmonde  Spencer*  that  broughte  Ires  to  the 
Quenes  Matie  from  Sir  Henrye  Norrys  knighte  her  Mat8  Embassador 
in  Fraunce  beinge  then  at  Towars  in  the  sayde  Realrae,  for  his 
charges  the  some  of  vjH.  xiijs.  iiijd.  over  and  besydes  ixu.  prested  to 
hym  by  Sir  Henrye  Norrys  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Payd  upon  the  Counsayles  warr1  dated  at  Wyndsor  the  xxviijth  of 
November  1569  To  Roger  Ascham  by  way  of  the  Quenes  Ma'9  rewarde 
being  sente  into  the  northe  abowte  her  highnes  affayres  the  some  of 

inf. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsaills  warrante  dated  ix°  Januar  1574  To  Therle 
of  Leicesters  players  for  presentinge  of  a  playe  before  her  heighnes 
upon  Sancte  Stephens  daie  last  past  x11. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsaills  warrante  dated  ix°  Januarij  1  574  To 
Therle  of  Leicester  his  players  for  presentinge  a  playe  before  her 
Matie  upon  newyeres  day  at  nighte  last  past.  vj."  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsaills  Warrante  dated  xj°  Januarij  1574  To 
the  L.  Clintons  players  by  waye  of  &c.  for  presentinge  a  playe  before 
her  highnes  upon  S*  Johns  day  last  vjh.  xiij8.  iiijd.  and  for  present- 
inge a  playe  before  her  Matie  upon  Sonday  being  the  second  of 
Januar  1574  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsaill  Warr*  dated  at  Hampton   Courte  the 


*  Spenser,  the  poet,  was  entered  a  sizer  of  Pembroke  Hall,  Cam- 
bridge, on  the  20th  May,  1569,  five  months  before  the  date  of  the 
Council's  Warrant.  As  this  is  the  only  mention  I  have  found  of  an 
Edmund  Spencer  in  the  different  books  of  account  that  I  have  gone 
through  of  the  reign  of  Elizabeth,  the  name  is  not  a  common  one, 
and  I  confess  an  inclination  to  believe  that  I  have  here  discovered 
a  notice  of  our  great  poet,  who  is,  after  Shakespeare,  the  most 
interesting  name  in  the  Elizabethan  series,  and  of  whom  we  know 
even  less  than  we  do  of  Shakespeare : — "  How  little's  that!" 

There  is  no  difficulty,  I  presume,  in  supposing  that  the  poet  went 
abroad  in  a  Cambridge  vacation,  and  returned,  carrying  letters  to  the 
court  from  Sir  Henry  Norrys. 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXI 

xxiijd  Januar  1574  to  Richard  Farrante  Mr  of  the  Children  of  the 
Chappell  of  Windsor  for  presentinge  a  play  before  her  Matie  upon 
Twelfe  Nighte  last  paste  xiij11.  vj9.  "viijd. 


Paide  upon  the  Counsaills  Warrante  dated  xvj  Feb.  1574  To 
Sebastian  Westecote  Mr  of  the  Children  of  Powles  for  presentinge 
a  playe  before  her  Matie  on  Candlemes  day  at  night  last  past 

xiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsaills  Warrante  dated  at  Richmond  xvj  Febr 
1574  To  therle  of  Warwicks  players  by  way  of  her  heighnes  rewarde 
for  presentinge  a  playe  before  her  Matle  on  Shrovemonday  last 
past  x11. 

Paid  upon  the  Counsailes  Warrante  dated  at  Richeraond  xvj  Febr 
1574  To  Willm  Hunys  Mr  of  the  Children  of  her  Mats  Chappie  the 
some  of  xxUe  m'ks  as  her  Mu  guifte  for  presentinge  a  playe  before 
her  heighnes  upon  Shrovesondaye  last  past  xiij".  vj8.  viij'1. 

Paid  uppon  a  warrant  signed  by  Mr  Secretaire  Walsingham  dated 
at  Hampton  Court  xxj°  Novembr  1576  to  George  Gascoigne  gent* 
for  bringinge  of  Lr'es  in  post  for  her  MaliC8  affaires  frome  Andwarpe 
to  Hampton  Courte.  xxu. 

Paid  uppon  a  warrant  signed  by  Mr  Secretarie  Walsingham  dated 
at  Hampton  Courte  16  January  1576  To  Thomas  Churcheyarde  gent 
for  carying  of  Lres  in  post  for  her  Matics  affaires  to  Mr  Edward  Horsey 
and  Mr  doctor  Wilson  in  the  Lowe  Contries  thone  beinge  at  Marshe 
in  Luxemburghe  and  the  other  at  Bruxells  or  els  where  xviij11. 

Paid  to  Thomas  Churcheyarde  uppon  a  Warrante  signed  by  Mr 
Secretarie  Walsingham  dated  at  Whitehall  ij°  Aprilis  1577  for  bring- 
inge of  L'res  in  post  for  her  Mat8  affaires  from  Mr  doctor  Wilson 


*  The  poet,  who  died  at  Stamford  on  the  7th  of  October,  1577. 
In  one  of  Gascoigne's  MSS.  in  the  Museum,  he  says  :  "  Such  Italian 
as  I  have  learned  in  London,  and  such  Latin  as  I  forgatt  att  Canta- 
bridge,  such  Frenche  as  I  borrowed  in  Holland,  and  such  English  as 
I  stale  in  Westmerland,  even  such  and  no  better  have  I  here  poured 
forth." 


XXX11  INTRODUCTION. 

presentlie  for  the  like  affaires  in  the  Lowe  Contries  he  beinge  then 
at  Bruxells  to  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  xij". 

Paid  to  Lawrance  Dutton  and  John  Dutton  her  Mat8  players  and 
their  Companie  upon  the  Counsells  Warr  of  7  March  1590  for  fower 
seuerall  Enterludes  or  playes  shewed  and  presented  before  her  Matie 
at  the  Courte  on  Sfc  Steuens  day,  the  Sonday  after  Newyeres  daye 
Twelueth  day  and  Shroue  Sondaye  last  xxvj".  xiijs.  iiijd.  and  by  waie 
of  her  Mats  further  liberalise  and  rewarde  for  the  said  Enterludes 
xiiju.  vjs.  viijd.  xl1!. 

Paid  to  John  Laneham  and  his  company  her  Mats  players  *  upon 
the  Counsells  Warr*  dated  7  March  1590  for  shewinge  and  present- 
inge  one  Enterlude  or  playe  before  her  MatIe  on  Newe  yeres  day  last 
past  the  some  of  vj".  xiij*.  iiijd.  And  by  way  of  her  Mats  further  libe- 
ralise and  reward  for  the  said  playe  the  some  of  lxvj8.  viijd.  in  all  x11. 

Paid  to  John  Heming  and  Thomas  Pope  f  servaunts  unto  the  Lo 
Chamberlein  uppon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at 
Nonesuch  ij°  die  Octobrs  1599  for  three  interludes  or  playes  played 
before  her  Ma0e  on  S*  Stephens  daye  at  night,  Newyears  daye  at 
night,  and  Shroutewsday  at  night  last  past  ye  some  of  xx".  and  to 
them  more  by  waye  of  her  Mat8  rewarde  ye  some  of  xu.  In  all  xxx11. 

Paid  to  John  Heming  servaunt  to  the  Lo  Chamberlein  uppon  the 
Councells  Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Richmond  17  Febr  1599 


*  It  is  evident  from  this  and  the  former  entry,  that  there  were 
two  distinct  companies  of  "  her  Maties  poor  Players."  Laneham  had 
been  one  of  Lord  Leicester's  servants ;  the  Duttons  were  among 
Lord  Warwick's  servants. 

f  In  1596,  the  order  in  which  the  servants  of  the  Lord  Chamberlain 
are  named  is  as  follows :  Pope,  Burbage,  Hemings,  Philips,  Shake- 
speare—  in  May  1603,  Fletcher,  Shakespeare,  Burbage,  Phillips, 
Hemings,  Condell,  Sly,  Armyn,  and  Cowley.  Pope  had  previously 
retired,  and,  as  he  died  in  1603,  Shakespeare  (to  try  and  account  for 
his  position),  may  haye  bought  his  share.  Fletcher  died  in  1608, 
leaving  Shakespeare,  in  all  likelihood,  at  the  head  of  the  company. 
Collier  (i.  319)  supposes  that  Hemings  was  at  the  head  of  the  company 
in  1600.  I  believe  that  he  was  never  at  the  head,  but  that  he  acted 
throughout  as  treasurer* 


INTRODUCTION.  XXX111 

for  three  interludes  or  playes  played  before  her  Matie  on  S*  Stephens 
daye  at  night,  Twelfdaye  at  night  and  Shrouesonday  at  night  last 
past  xxx11. 

To  Robert  Shaw  servaunt  to  therle  of  Nottingham  upon  the 
Councells  Warraunt  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Richmond  18  Febr  1599 
for  Twoe  Enterludes  or  Playes  playd  before  her  Matie  on  Se.  Johnes 
daye  at  night  and  Newyeares  daye  at  night  last  xxh. 

To  John  Heminge  and  Thomas  Pope  servaunts  unto  the  Lord 
Chamberleyne  upon  the  Councells  Warraunt  dated  at  the  Court  at 
Nonesuch  2  October  1 599  for  three  Enterludes  or  Playes  played  be- 
fore her  Ma1*5  upon  S*  Stevens  day  at  night,  Newyeares  day  at  night, 
and  Shrouetewsday  at  night  last  past  xx11.  and  to  them  more  by  waye 
of  her  Mats  reward  xli.     In  all  xxx11. 

To  John  Hemynges  and  Richard  Cowley  servauntes  to  the  lord 
Chamberleyne  upon  the  Councells  Warr*  dated  at  Whitehall  31 
March  1601  for  three  playes  showed  before  her  highnes  on  S*  Ste- 
phens day  at  night,  Twelfth  day  at  night  and  Shrovetuesday  at 
night  xxx11. 

To  Edwarde  Allen  servante  to  the  Lord  Admyrall  upon  the  Coun- 
cells Warraunte  dated  at  Whitehall  31st  March  1601  for  three  playes 
shewed  before  her  MaUe  viz  On  Innocents  day  at  night,  Twelfth  day 
at  night,  and  Candelmas  day  at  night  last  paste*  xxx11. 

To  Nathaniell  Gyles  Mr  of  the  Children  of  the  Chappell  uppon  the 
Councells  Warraunte  dated  at  Whitehall  4  May  1601  for  a  play  pre- 
sented before  her  Matic  on  Shrouesondaye  at  night  xH.  and  for  a 
showe  wth  musycke  and  speciall  songes  prepared  for  ye  purpose  on 
Twelfth  day  at  night  cs.  in  all  xv". 


*  In  Henslowe's  Diary  is  the  following  entry :  n  Rec.  of  M.  E. 
Alleyn,  the  4  of  Maye  1601,  the  somme  of  twenty  eight  pounds  and 
ten  shillings,  which  he  received  at  the  Corte  for  ther  Cort  money  for 
playing  ther  at  Cryssmas,  which  was  dewe  unto  the  Earle  of  Noting- 
hames  players,  281.  10s." — Collier  s  Annals,  i.,  319.  The  difference 
may  have  been  paid  by  Alleyn  for  fees,  or  retained  as  his  own  share. 

C 


XXXIV  INTRODUCTION. 

To  John  Hemynges  and  the  rest  of  his  Companies  servaunts  to  the 
lorde  Chamberleyne  uppon  the  Councells  Warraunte  dated  at  White- 
hall the  xxth  of  Aprill  1603  for  their  paines  and  expences  in  present- 
inge  before  the  late  Queenes  MaUe  twoe  playes  the  one  uppon  S*  Ste- 
phens day  at  nighte  and  thother  upon  Candlemas  day  at  night  for 
ech  of  which  they  were  allowed  by  way  of  her  Mats  rewarde  tenne 
poundes  amounting  in  all  to  xx '. 

To  Edwarde  Allen  serrvaunte  to  the  lorde  Admyrall  and  the  rest 
of  his  Companie  upon  the  Councells  warraunte  dated  at  Whitehall 
22nd  April  1603  for  their  paynes  and  expences  in  presentinge  before 
her  late  Matie  three  severall  playes  viz  upon  S*  Johns  day  at  night, 

Shrouesonday  at  night  and at  nighte  last  before  the  date 

aforesaide  after  x".  for  ech  play  by  way  of  her  highnes  rewarde  as 
hath  bene  accostomed  xxx  . 

Nothing  can  paint  King  James's  love  for  stage  per- 
formances and  the  drama  in  general  better  or  more  ho- 
nourably than  the  following  extracts,  which  are  wholly 
new  to  our  dramatic  history.  I  have  interspersed  seve- 
ral other  payments  from  the  same  accounts  (Treas:  of  the 
Chamber),  which  I  hope  mingle  not  inappropriately  with 
the  stage  illustrations.  The  new  king  saw  Rye  times  as 
many  plays  in  a  year  as  Queen  Elizabeth  was  accus- 
tomed to  see. 

To  John  Hemyngs  one  of  his  Matie  players  uppon  the  Councells 
warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Wilton  3  December  1 603  for  the 
paynes  and  expences  of  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  Companye  in 
corny nge  from  Mortelacke  in  the  Countie  of  Surrie  unto  the  Couite 
aforesaide  and  there  presentinge  before  his  Matie  one  playe  on  the 
second  of  December  last  by  wave  of  his  Maties  reward  xxx".* 

To  Nicholas  Hyllyard  his  Matie  Lymner  uppon  the  Councells  war- 


*  This  is  a  very  interesting  entry  :  the  first  play  that  the  king 
saw  in  England  was  performed  by  Shakespeare's  company,  in  Lord 
Pembroke's  house  at  Wilton. 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXV 

rant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Hampton  Courte  28  December  1 603  for 
his  paynes  and  travell  beinge  appoynted  by  direction  to  make  cer- 
tayne  pictures  of  his  Matie8  w**  were  by  his  highnes  gyven  unto  the 
Duke  of  Denmark  Embassador  xixh.  xs. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Maties  players  uppon  the  Councells 
Warrant  dated  at  Hampton  Courte  18  January  160  3  [4]  for  the 
paynes  and  expences  of  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  Companye  in 
presentinge  of  sixe  interludes  or  playes  before  the  kings  Mlie  and  the 
prince  viz  on  S*  Stephens  daye  at  night,  S*  Johns  daye  at  night,  In- 
nocents daye  and  Newyeres  daye  at  night  before  the  kings  matie  for 
each  of  the  sayde  playes  twentie  nobles  apeece  and  to  them  by  waye 
of  his  Maties  rewarde  fyve  m'rks  and  for  twoe  playes  before  the  prince 
on  the  xxxth  of  December  and  the  firste  of  January  1603  twentye 
nobles  apeece  in  all  amountinge  to  the  some  of  liii". 

To  Richard  Burbadg  one  of  his  Matie8  Comedyans  uppon  the  Coun- 
cells Warrant  dated  at  Hampton  Courte  8  Febr.  1603[4]  for  the 
mayntenance  and  reliefe  of  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  Companye 
beinge  prohibited  to  present  anie  playes  publiquelie  in  or  neere  Lon- 
don by  reason  of  greate  perill  that  might  growe  through  the  extra- 
ordinarie  concourse  and  assemblie  of  people  to  a  newe  increase  of 
the  plague  till  it  shall  please  God  to  settle  the  Cyttie  in  a  more  per- 
fect health  :  by  waye  of  his  Matie8  free  gifte  xxxu. 

To  Edward  Allen  and  Edward  Jubie  twoe  of  the  princes  players 
upon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  1 9 
Febr.  1603[4]  for  the  paynes  and  expenses  of  themselves  and  the  rest 
of  their  companie  in  presentinge  fower  playes  before  his  Matie  and  the 
prince  viz  for  one  playe  before  the  kings  Matie  on  the  xxjth  of  Janu- 
arie  last  at  night  twentie  nobles  and  by  Waye  of  his  Maties  reward 
fyve  marks  and  for  three  before  the  prince  on  the  fourth  the  fifteenth 
and  twoe  and  twentieth  of  Januarie  twentie  nobles  for  each  in  all 


To  John  Duke  on  of  the  Queenes  MUe'  players  upon  the  Councells 
Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  19  Febr  1603[4]  for  the 
paynes  and  expences  of  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  companye  for 
twoe  interludes  or  playes  presented  by  them  before  the  Prince  his 

c  2 


XXXVI  INTRODUCTION. 

Grace  on  the  Second  and  xiijth  dayes  of  Januarie  last  at  night  for 
each  play  twentie  nobles — in  all  xiiju.  vj9.  viijd. 

To  John  Hemyng  one  of  his  Ma,ie8  players  upon  the  Councells 
Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  ultimo  die  Februar  1603[4] 
for  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  Companye  for  twoe  playes  presented 
before  his  Ma06  viz  the  one  on  Candlemas  day  at  night  and  the  other 
on  Shrouesonday  at  night  the  some  of  xiij11.  vjs.  viijd.  and  by  wayeof 
his  Maties  rewarde  for  the  same  twoe  playes  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  In  all  xx11. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Mats  players  uppon  the  Councells 
Warraunte  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  21  January  1604  for  the 
paines  and  expences  of  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  Companie  in 
playinge  and  presentinge  of  sixe  Enterludes  or  plaies  before  his 
Matie  viz  on  all  Saintes  day  at  nighte,  the  Sonday  at  nighte  follow- 
inge  beinge  the  4th  of  November  1604,  S*  Stephens  daie  at  nighte, 
Innocents  day  at  nighte  and  on  the  vijth  and  viijth  daies  of  January 
for  everie  of  the  saide  plaies  accordinge  to  the  usuall  allowaunce  of 
vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  the  pece  xl".  and  lxvj8.  viijd.  for  every  plaie  by  waie  of 
his  Mats  rewarde  xx11.  in  all  lxu. 

To  John  Duke  one  of  the  Queenes  Mats  players  by  warrant  of  19 
Febr.  1604  for  presenting  one  Interlude  or  Plaie  before  his  Matie  on 
Sunday  night  the  30th  of  December  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  and  to  them  by 
waie  of  his  MaM  rewarde  lxvj8.  viijd.  in  all  x". 

To  Edward  Jubye  one  of  the  Princes  plaiers  upon  warrant  dated  22 
Febr :  1 604  for  presentinge  sixe  Interludes  or  plaies  before  the  Prince 
at  the  Courte  these  severall  nightes  viz  on  the  14th  and  19th  De- 
cember 1604  the  15th  and  22nd  January  and  the  5th  and  19th  of 
February  nexte  followinge  after  the  rate  of  vj".  xiij8.  iiijd.  for  every 
plaie  xlH. 

To  Samuell  Danyell  and  Henry  Evans  upon  the  Councells  War- 
raunte dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  24  February  1 604  for  twoe 
Enterludes  or  plaies  presented  before  the  Kinges  MaUe  by  the  Quenes 
Mat8  Children  of  the  Revells  the  one  on  Newyeres  day  at  night  1604 
and  the  other  on  the  thirde  day  of  Januarye  at  nighte  nexte  follow- 
inge xiij11.  vj8.  viijd.  and  by  waie  of  his  highnes  rewarde  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd: 
In  all  xx11. 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXvii 

To  John  Hemynge  one  of  his  MaUes  players  upon  warrant  dated 
24th  February  1604  for  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  Companie  for  4 
Interludes  or  plaies  presented  by  them  before  his  Matle  at  the  Courte 
viz  on  Candlemas  daye  at  night,  on  Shrouesunday  at  night,  Shroue- 
monday  at  night  and  Shrouetuesday  at  nighte  1604  at  vj".  xiij\  iiijd. 
for  everie  plaie  and  lxvj8.  viijd.  by  waie  of  his  Mat8  rewarde  for  ech 
playe  In  all  xl11. 

To  the  same  John  Hemynges  upon  Warrant  dated  28th  April  1 60& 
for  one  enterlude  or  plaie  presented  before  his  Ma0*  at  ye  Courte  the 
thirde  of  February  1604  vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  and  to  them  more  by  way  of 
his  Mats  rewarde  lxvjs.  viijd.     In  all  x". 

To  Edward  Jubie  to  the  use  of  himself  and  the  reste  of  his  Com- 
panie servants  to  the  prince  upon  the  Councells  warrant  dated  at 
Whitehall  17  April  1604  for  one  Enterlude  or  playe  presented  by 
them  before  his  Matie  on  Shrouemondaye  at  nighte  the  some  of 
twentie  nobles  and  by  waye  of  his  Mato  rewarde  fy  ve  marks  in  all  xli. 

To  Phillipp  Henslowe  upon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  at  the 
Courte  at  Whitehall  18  April  1604  by  way  of  his  MaUes  reward  to 
him  and  his  servaunts  in  bringinge  and  presentinge  before  his  Matie 
at  Whitehall  the  game  of  Bearebaytinge  upon  Shrovetuesday         c8. 

To  Edward  Kirkham  Mr  of  the  Children  of  the  Queenes  MaUes  Re- 
vells  upon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall 
30  April  1604  for  one  Enterlude  or  play  presented  by  the  sayde 
children  before  his  Matie  uppon  Shrouetuesdaye  last  at  night         xu. 

To  Alphonson  Ferrabosco  upon  the  Councells  Warraunte  dated  at 
the  Courte  at  Whitehall  27  November  1604  to  be  by  him  bestowed 
and  laide  out  in  buyinge  twoe  violls  wth  cases  and  one  boxe  of  stringes 
for  the  use  and  service  of  the  Prince  xx11. 

To  Edward  Jubie  one  of  the  Princes  Plaiers  upon  the  Councells 
Warrant  dated  at  the  Courte  at  Whitehall  10th  December  1604  for 
himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  Companie  for  presentinge  twoe  pliaes  one 
before  the  Queenes  Matie  the  23rd  November  1604  and  the  other  be- 
fore the  Prince  the  24th  of  November  xvju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 


XXXVlll  INTRODUCTION. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Matt  players  upon  Warrant  dated 
24  March  1605  for  presenting  tenn  severall  playes  or  enterludes  be- 
fore his  Matie  in  the  tyme  of  Christmas  laste  and  since  after  the  rate 
of  twentie  nobles  for  everie  play  and  by  way  of  his  Mats  rewarde 
fyve  markes  in  all  cu. 

To  Nathaniell  Gyles  upon  his  Mate  Warraunte  of  3  July  1605 
beinge  raonie  geuen  to  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  the  gent  of  his  Mats 
Chappie  by  waie  of  his  Mats  guifte  towardes  their  feaste  as  likewise 
hath  bein  geuen  in  former  yeares  lxs. 

To  Edwarde  Jubye  one  of  the  prynces  players  upon  warrant  dated 
the  23th  February  1606  for  sixe  playes  presented  by  them  in  De- 
cember, January  and  February  1606  lxh. 

To  Edward  Kerkham  one  of  the  Mrs  of  the  Children  of  Pawles 
upon  warrant  dated  31  March  1606  for  bringing  the  said  children 
and  presenting  by  them  twoe  playes  or  Enterludes  before  the  prince 
his  Grace  and  the  Duke  of  Yorke  after  the  rate  of  fyve  m'kes  for  ech 
play  and  by  way  of  his  Mats  reward  fyve  nobles     In  all 

xyjL.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

To  John  Duke  one  of  the  Queenes  Mats  players  upon  Warrant 
dated  30  April  1606  for  presentinge  one  play  or  Comodie  before  his 
Matie  upon  S4.  Johns  day  at  night  cs.  and  by  way  of  his  highnes  re- 
warde  lxvjs.  viijd.     In  all  viij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

To  Edward  Jubie  one  of  the  Princes  players  upon  Warrant  dated 
30  April  1606  for  presenting  sixe  severall  playes  in  the  tyme  of 
Christmas  laste  and  since,  three  before  the  King  and  three  before 
the  prince  for  everie  of  the  sayde  playes  cs.  the  pece  and  by  waye  of 
his  Mts  rewarde  lxyjs.  viijd.  for  ech  of  them  in  all  l11. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Mts  players  upon  Warrant  dated 
18th  October  1606  for  three  playes  before  his  Matie  and  the  kinge  of 
Denmarke  twoe  of  them  at  Grenewich  and  one  at  Hampton  Courte 

xxxu. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Maties  players  upon  Warrant  dated 
8  February  1607  for  xiij  plaies  presented  by  them  before  his  Mtie  at 
the  Court  at  Whitehall  viz  on  S*  Stephens  night,  S*  Johns  night, 
Childermas  night,  the  second  of  January,  Twelfnight  two  plaies,  the 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXIX 

seaventh  of  January,  the  ninth  of  January,  the  xvijth  of  January  two 
plaies,  the  xxvjth  of  January,  Candlemas  night,  and  Shrovesunday 
at  night  cxxx1'. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Mats  players  upon  warrant  dated 
30th  March  1607  for  nyne  playes  presented  before  his  highness  the 
26th  and  29th  of  December  1606,  the  4th  the  6th  and  the  8th  of 

XX 

Januarie,  the  2nd  the  5th  the  15th  and  the  27  February  iiij  x1'. 

To  Edward  Juby  one  of  the  Princes  players  upon  warrant  dated  8 
May  1608  for  4  playes  presented  before  his  Matie  and  the  Prince  at 
Whitehall  in  November  December  and  January  xlH. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Mats  plaiers  upon  warrant  dated 
5th  April  1 609  for  twelue  plaies  by  him  and  the  reste  of  his  company 
presented  before  the  King,  Queene,  Prince  and  Duke  of  Yorke  at 
scverall  tymes  in  Christmas  1608  cxx1. 

To  Edward  Jubye  one  of  the  Princes  players  upon  warrant  dated 
5th  April  1609  for  three  playes  by  him  and  the  reste  of  his  Com- 
panie  presented  before  the  kings  Matie  and  the  prince  on  severall 
nights  xxx11. 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  his  Mats  players  upon  the  Councells 
Warraunte  dated  26th  April  1609  in  the  behalfe  of  himselfe  and  the 
reste  of  his  Companie  by  waie  of  his  Mats  rewarde  for  their  private 
practise  in  the  time  of  infeccon  that  thereby  they  mighte  be  inhabled 
to  perform  their  service  before  his  Matie  in  Christmas  hollydaie 
1609  xlu. 

To  Inico  Jones  uppon  therle  of  Salisburies  warraunte  dated  16 
June  1609  for  carreinge  of  Lres  for  his  Mats  servyce  into  Fraunce 

xiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

To  Henry  Reynoldes  upon  the  Councells  Warrant  of  10  Novr  1609 
for  chardges  disbursed  by  him  for  the  buriall  of  Sr  George  Wharton 
and  Sr  James  Steward  at  Islington  xxx11.  xv8.* 


*  See  Scott's  Minstrelsy  for  the  ballad  on  the  fatal  duel  fought  at 
Islington,  between  Wharton  and  Stewart,  on  the  8th  of  November, 
1609.     The  ballad  says  that  they  fought  near  Waltham.     It  was  in 


xl  INTRODUCTION. 

To  John  Heminges  upon  the  Councells  Warraunt  10  March 
1609[10]  for  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  companie  being  restrained 
from  Publique  playing  within  the  cyttie  of  London  in  the  tyme  of 
infection  during  the  space  of  sixe  weekes  in  which  tyme  they  prac- 
tised privately  for  his  Mats  service  xxx  - 

To  John  Hemynges  one  of  the  kinges  players  upon  the  Councells 
warr1  dated  12  February  1610  for  presentinge  xven  playes  before  the 
kinge  the  quene  and  the  pry  nee  c*  *• 

To  Thomas  Grene  one  of  the  Quenes  players  upon  the  Councells 
Warrante  dated  18th  March  1610  for  three  seuerall  playes  before  the 
Kinges  Matie  and  the  prince  xxx11. 

To  Edwarde  Jubye  one  of  the  princes  players  upon  Warrant  dated 
20  March  1610[11]  to  fower  playes  presented  before  his  Matie  by 
that  Companye  xlu. 

To  Alexander  Foster  upon  a  Warrant  dated  1  April  1612  for  him- 
selfe and  his  fellowes  the  Lady  Elizabeths  servauntes  and  players  for 
presenting  one  play  before  his  Ma'y  on  Shrovetewsday  laste  at  night 
called  the  prowde  Mayde*  viz  twenty  nobles  and  five  marks  for  Re- 
ward xu. 

To  the  said  Alexander  Foster  upon  a  lyke  warrant  of  a  lyke  date 
for  himself  and  his  said  fellowes  for  presenting  twoe  severall  plaies 
before  the  Princes  grace  and  the  said  Lady  Elizabeth  in  January  and 
March  last  past  at  twenty  nobles  a  play  xiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

To  John  Heminges  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  upon  a  Warrant 
dated  1  June  1612  for  presenting  vj  severall  Playes  before  his  Ma1? 
viz  one  upon  the  laste  of  October  one  upon  the  first  of  November 


the  fields  at  Hoxton  that  Ben  Jonson  killed  in  a  duel  Gabriel  Spenser, 
the  player.  I  find  entries  of  several  payments  made  to  this  Henry 
Reynolds  in  the  accounts  of  the  Treasurer  of  the  Chambers.  I  be- 
lieve him  to  be  the  Henry  Reynolds  to  whom  Drayton  addresses  his 
admirable  "  Epistle  on  Poets  and  Poesie." 

*  That  is,  "  The  Maid's  Tragedy,"  by  Beaumont  and  Fletcher, 
see  p.  211. 


INTRODUCTION.  xli 

one  on  the  5th  of  Novr  one  on  the  26th  Decr  one  on  the  5th  of 
January  and  one  other  upon  Shrovesunday  at  night  being  the  23rd 
of  February  viz  at  twenty  nobles  for  every  play  and  five  markes  for 
a  Reward  for  every  play  lxh. 

To  the  said  John  Hemynges  upon  a  lyke  warrant  of  a  lyke  date 
(1  June  1612)  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  for  presenting  twelve 
severall  Plaies  before  the  Princes  highnes  and  the  Duke  of  Yorke  one 
upon  the  9th  of  Novr  last  one  upon  the  1 9th  of  the  same  one  other 
upon  the  16th  of  December  one  other  upon  the  last  of  the  same  one 
other  upon  the  7th  of  January  one  upon  the  15th  of  the  same  one 
other  upon  the  19th  of  February  one  upon  the  20th  of  the  same  one 
upon  the  28th  of  February  one  upon  the  3rd  of  April  and  another 
upon  the  16th  of  the  same  at  xxtie  nobles  a  play  iiijh. 

To  the  said  John  Hemynges  upon  a  lyke  Warrant  of  a  lyke  date 
(1  June  1612)  for  himself  and  his  fellowes  for  presenting  fower 
plaies  before  the  Princes  highnes  the  Lady  Eliz  and  the  Duke  of 
Yorke  viz  one  on  the  9th  of  February  last  one  other  before  the  Prince 
the  20th  of  the  same  one  other  before  the  Lady  Eliz  the  28th  of 
Marche  and  one  on  the  26th  of  Aprill  after  the  said  rate 

xxvju.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

To  Thomas  Greene  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  the  Queenes  Mats 
servauntes  upon  a  Warrant  of  18th  June  1612  for  presenting  two 
severall  plaies  before  the  Kinge  and  Queenes  Ma*?  viz  one  upon  the 
27th  of  December  last  and  the  other  upon  the  2nd  of  February  fol- 
lowing at  20  nobles  the  play  and  vju.  xiijs.  iiijd;  in  reward  xxls. 

To  the  said  Thomas  Greene  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  upon  a 
Warrant  of  lyke  date  for  presenting  twoe  severall  plaies  before 
the  Princes  highnes  and  the  Lady  Elizabeth  viz  one  16th  of  January 
laste  and  the  other  upon  the  23rd  of  the  same  at  20  nobles  the  play 

xiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

To  Edward  Juby  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  the  Princes  highnes 
Servants  upon  a  warrant  dated  18  June  1612  for  presenting  twoe 
severall  plaies  before  his  Ma*?  upon  the  28th  and  29th  of  December 
last  at  20  nobles  each  play  and  five  nobles  for  a  reward  for  each 
play  xxh. 


xlii  INTRODUCTION. 

To  the  said  Edward  Juby  upon  Warrant  of  lyke  date  &c.  for  pre- 
senting twoe  severall  plaies  before  the  Princes  highnes  viz  upon  the 
5th  and  29th  of  February  laste  at  20  nobles  a  play       xiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 

To  William  Rowley  upon  the  Councells  Warraunte  dated  20  June 
1612  for  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his  fellows  the  Duke  of  Yorkes  ser- 
vaunts  as  players  for  presenting  fower  severall  plaies  before  the 
Princes  highnes  the  said  duke  of  Yorke  and  the  Lady  Elizabeth  yiz 
upon  the  12th  January  1611  one,  upon  the  28th  of  January  one, 
upon  the  13th  of  February  one,  and  upon  the  1 8th  of  the  same  moneth 
one  after  the  rate  of  twenty  nobles  a  play  xxvj11.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

To  the  said  William  Rowley  upon  the  lyke  warraunte  dated  20 
January  1612  for  himself  and  the  rest  of  his  saide  fellowes  for  pre- 
sentinge  fower  severall  playes  before  the  Princes  Highnes  the  Duke 
of  Yorke  and  the  Lady  Elizabeth,  one  upon  the  9th  of  February 
1609,  one  upon  the  12th  December  1610,  one  upon  the  20th  of  the 
same  and  one  upon  the  xvth  of  January  1610  xxvj1'.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

To  Thomas  Derry  her  Mats  Jester  upon  a  warraunt  signed  by  the 
Lord  Chamberleyn  dated  at  Whitehall  16  July  1612  for  the  dyett  of 
the  said  Thomas  Derry  and  John  Mawe  his  man  from  the  25th  day 
of  December  1611  to  the  24th  of  June  following  being  26  weekes 
at  vij9.  the  weeke  ix11.  ij\ 

To  Philip  Rosseter  upon  a  warrant  dated  the  24th  of  Novr  1612  for 
presenting  a  play  by  the  Children  of  the  Chappie  before  the  Prince, 
the  lady  Elizabeth  and  the  Prince  Palatyne  vjlx.  xiij3.  iiijd. 

To  him  more  upon  a  warrant  dated  the  31st  May  1613  for  pre- 
senting before  them  two  other  playes  by  the  Children  of  the  Chap- 
pell  xiij".  vj\  viijd. 


To  Edward  Jubye  upon  warrant  dated  31  March  1613  for  pre- 
senting a  play  by  himself  and  his  fellowes  the  Prince  Palatynes  Ser- 
vants before  the  Lady  Elizabeth  vjH.  xiij8.  iiiid. 

To  John  Heminges  upon  the  Lord  Chamberleynes  Warraunt  dated 
19th  May  1613  for  eighte  seuerall  playes  before  his  Matie  iiij". 

To  William  Rowley  upon  the  Councells  Warr1  dated  the  7th  of 


INTRODUCTION.  xliii 

June  1 6  1 3  for  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  fellowes  the  Princes  Ser- 
vaunts  for  presenting  twoe  severall  playes  before  his  highnes  the 
Count  Palatyne  and  the  Ladye  Elizabeth  xiij11.  yj9.  viijd. 

To  Joseph  Taylor  upon  the  Councells  Warrant  dated  the  28th  of 
June  1613  for  himselfe  and  his  fellowes  the  Lady  Elizabeth  her  ser- 
vantes  for  presenting  twoe  Playes  before  the  Prynce  the  Count  Pala- 
tyne and  the  ladye  Elizabeth  xiij".  vj9.  viijd. 

To  John  Hemynges  upon  a  Warrant  dated  the  9th  of  July  1613 
&c.  for  presentinge  a  playe  before  the  Duke  of  Savoyes  Ambassadors 
on  the  8th  of  June  1613 — vj11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  To  him  more  upon  a  war- 
rant dated  the  20th  May  1613  for  presentinge  fourtene  severall  playes 
before  the  Prince,  the  ladye  Elizabeth  and  the  Prince  Palatyne 
iiij  xiij11.  vj8.  viijd.  To  the  said  John  Heminges  upon  a  warrant  of 
the  same  date  for  presenting  sexe  seuerall  playes  before  the  Kinges 
Matie  xl".  and  by  waye  of  his  Mau  rewarde  xx". 

To  Cyrill  Turner*  upon  a  warraunte  signed  by  the  Lord  Chamber- 
leyne  and  Mr  Chauncellor  dated  at  Whitehall  23rd  December  1613 
for  his  chardges  and  paines  in  carrying  l'res  for  his  Mau  service  to 
Brussells  xu. 

To  John  Hemynges  &c  upon  warrant  dated  21  June  1614  for  pre- 
sentinge seaven  severall  playes  before  the  Princes  highnes  viz  on  the 
4th  of  Novr  the  16th  of  Novr  the  10th  of  January  the  4th  of  February 
the  8th  the  10th  and  the  18th  of  the  same  moneth  1614    xlvj11.  xiij8. 

To  the  said  John  Heminges  upon  a  lyke  warraunt  of  a  lyke  date 
for  presenting  before  his  Ma^  nyne  severall  playes  in  Novr  Decr  Jan? 
Feby  and  March  1614  iiij  x11. 

To  Robte  Lee  and  the  reste  of  his  fellowes  the  Queenes  Mat8  Ser- 
vauntes  the  players  upon  the  Councells  Warraunte  dated  at  Whitehall 
21  June  1614  for  theire  paines  in  presenting  before  his  Ma1?  twoe 
plaies  on  the  28th  of  December  and  the  5th  of  January  xx11. 


*  Cyril  Tourneur,  the  dramatist,  of  whom  we  know  nothing  more 
than  the  fact  of  his  writing  certain  plays,  which  have  come  down  to 
us  with  his  name  upon  their  title-pages. 


xliv  INTRODUCTION. 

To  Joseph  Taylor  for  himselfe  and  the  reste  of  his  fellowes  ser- 
vauntes  to  the  Lady  Eliz  her  grace  upon  the  Councells  Warraunt 
dated  at  Whitehall  21  June  1614  for  presenting  before  his  Ma*?  a 
Comedy  called  Eastward  Howe  on  the  xxvth  of  January  last  past — 
vj".  xiijs.  iiijd.  and  by  way  of  his  Ma"  reward  lxvj9.  viijd.  In  all  x1*. 
To  him  more  upon  a  lyke  warraunt  of  a  lyke  date  for  presenting  be- 
fore the  Princes  Highnes  a  Comedy  called  the  Dutch  Curtezan*  on 
the  12th  of  December  last  paste  vju.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

To  Richard  Ansell  Matteyer  to  his  Ma1?  upon  Warrant  dated  22 
June  1614  for  his  paines  and  chardges  in  nayling  downe  the  greene 
clothe  in  the  Banquetting  House  at  severall  times  for  the  Maske  per- 
formed before  his  Ma*?  at  Christmas  last  past  viijh.  ix8.  iiijd. 

To  Nichas  Hilliarde  upon  the  Lorde  Chamberleynes  warraunte  dated 
31  Jan?  1614[15]  for  a  picture  of  the  Prince  in  lynnen  drawen  to  the 
waste  with  a  riche  christall  thereon  and  deliuered  to  Mr  Murray  his 
highnes  Tutor  viijH. 

To  Nathan  Feilde  f  in  the  behalfe  of  himselfe  and  the  rest  of  his 
fellows  upon  the  Lord  Chamberleynes  Warraunt  dated  11  June  1615 
for  presenting  a  playe  called  Bartholomewe  Fayre  before  his  Matie  on 
the  first  of  November  last  past  xH. 

To  John  Townsend  and  Joseph  Moore  +  Stage  Players  upon  the 
Councells  warraunte  dated  at  Whitehall  11  July  1617  for  acting 
three  severall  playes  before  his  Matye  in  his  Jorney  towardes  Scotland 
at  the  ordinary  rates  formerly  allowed  xxx11. 


*  ByMarston. 

f  Ben  Jonson's  Bartholomew  Fair  was  produced  at  the  Hope 
Theatre,  on  the  31st  of  October,  1614,  and  acted,  as  the  above  ex- 
tract now  informs  us,  at  the  Court  on  the  next  day.  The  players 
were  the  Lady  Elizabeth's  servants.  There  is  a  compliment  paid  to 
Field  in  the  play,  which  this  entry  serves  in  some  measure  to  explain. 

+  See  Colliers  ''Annals  of  the  Stage"  (i.  407),  where  a  no- 
tice of  this  payment  from  the  Privy  Council  Register  occurs.  The 
above  supplies  us  with  the  players'  names,  which  Mr.  Collier's  ex- 
tract is  without. 


INTRODUCTION.  xlv 

To  John  Heminges  &c  upon  a  warrant  dated  20  April  1618  for 
presenting  two  severall  Playes  before  his  Maty,  on  Easter  Monday 
Twelfte  night  the  play  soe  called  and  on  Easter  Tuesday  the  Winter's 
Tale  xxu.  To  the  said  John  Heminges  upon  a  Warrant  dated  15 
May  1 618  for  presenting  before  his  Ma'y  the  thirde  of  May  the  Merry 
Divell  of  Edmonton  xH. 

To  Inigo  Jones  upon  the  Councells  Warr*  dated  27  June  1619  for 
making  two  several  models  the  one  for  the  Star  Chamber,  the  other 
for  the  Banquetting  House  xxxvij". 

The  discovery  of  these  papers  sharpened  my  desire  to 
discover  more ;  and  I  sought  in  dry  repositories,  damp 
cellars,  and  still  damper  vaults,  for  books  of  account,  for 
warrants,  and  for  receipts.  I  had  gone  by  this  time 
through  the  Rolls  of  Accounts,  from  the  reign  of  Henry 
VIII.  to  the  end  of  that  of  King  Charles  I.,  but  found 
.  little  in  them  to  satisfy,  but  much  to  provoke  inquiry. 
I  was  told  again  and  again  that,  if  there  were  any  old 
papers  in  the  office  of  the  reigns  I  sought  for  that  were 
not  Declared  Accounts,  they  were  there  by  accident,  and 
that  no  Board  ever  recognized  the  existence  of  official 
vouchers  and  Books  of  Account  so  far  back  as  the  reigns 
I  referred  to  ;  while  a  few  recollected,  and  all  had  heard 
of,  the  cart-loads  of  old  papers  burnt  in  Tothill  Fields 
on  the  removal  of  the  office  from  Whitehall  to  Somerset 
House. 

The  Rolls  of  the  Revels'  Accounts  had  been  made,  I 
found,  by  clerks  who  had  no  prophetic  feeling  of  the  in- 
terest future  ages  would  take  in  the  books  they  were  so 
elaborately  abridging.  The  number  of  plays  performed 
in  the  year  was  always  given,  but  not  a  title  or  a  dra- 
matic name,  or  any  thing  beyond  the  mere  pounds,  shil- 


xlvi  INTRODUCTION. 

lings,  and  pence  of  the  matter  could  I  find  to  gratify 
or  repay  me.  All  that  had  been  kept  was,  comparatively 
speaking,  of  little  use. 

It  was  at  this  time  I  had  the  good  fortune  to  redeem 
from  a  destructive  oblivion  a  bundle  of  the  Original 
Accounts  of  the  Masters  of  the  Revels,  those  that 
Malone  had  sought  so  long  for,  and  had  seen  at  last  by 
the  kindness  of  Sir  William  Musgrave,  an  old  com- 
missioner of  Audit,  and  from  which  he  had  made  the 
extracts  that  Boswell  has  printed  in  his  edition  of 
Shakespeare. 

These,  however,  left  off  at  a  time  the  most  interesting 
in  all  our  literary  annals.  There  was  as  yet  nothing 
about  Shakespeare  —  nothing  to  destroy  conjectures 
advanced  by  commentators  on  the  chronology  of  his 
plays  —  conjectures  that  no  one  believed,  yet  no  one 
could  gainsay  —  the  idlest  of  all  kinds  of  suppositions 
that  every  fresh  fact  has  only  served  to  upset. 

Malone,  with  all  his  industry  and  unsatisfied  thirst  for 
research,  was  yery  far  from  an  accurate  transcriber  of 
what  he  had  before  him.  He  seems  always  to  have  been 
in  a  hurry  of  transcription,  and,  in  this  speed,  to  have 
run  too  hastily  over  entries  of  more  importance  than 
very  many  of  those  he  had  already  extracted.  In  doing 
much  he  still  left  much  to  do;  and,  where  a  Collier 
would  leave  little  or  nothing  to  glean,  Malone  has  left 
a  harvest.  His  eyes  are  said  to  have  been  weak  towards 
the  last,  and  in  that  rests  his  excuse.  To  his  industry, 
however,  the  admirers  of  Shakespeare  are  vastly  in- 
debted ;  and,  while  we  condemn  his  occasional  inaccu- 
racies and  his  haste,  let  us  imitate  him  in  his  honest 


INTRODUCTION.  xlvii 

industry  and  perseverance,  and  a  portion  of  his  success 
will  be  no  bad  reward.* 

My  last  discovery  was  my  most  interesting;  and 
alighting  as  I  now  did  upon  two  official  books  of  the 
Revels — one  of  Tylney's  and  one  of  Buc's — which  had 
escaped  both  Musgrave  and  Malone,  I  at  last  found 
something  about  Shakespeare — something  that  was  new, 
and  something  that  was  definitive.  This  was  my  little 
Guanahana,  but  here  I  was  destined  to  stop,  for  no 
other  books  of  the  Revels  have  I  as  yet  succeeded  in  find- 
ing among  the  scattered  papers  of  the  old  Auditors  of 
the  Imprests.  We  owe  these  two  to  accident,  and  it  is  not 
too  fanciful  to  suppose  that  chance  may  yet  lead  to  the 
discovery  of  other  books  connected  with  Shakespeare's 
two  and  twenty  years'  '  traffic '  with  the  stage.  I  am 
not  without  hope  on  this  subject,  and  that  it  may  be  my 
lot  to  find  them  even  in  the  office  I  am  now  in. 

"  The  Office  of  ye  Re  veils  consistethe,"  says  Tylney, 
"  of  a  Wardropp  and  other  several  Roomes,  for  Artif- 
ficers  to  worke  in,  viz  Taylors,  Imbrotherers,  Properti- 
makers,  Paynters,  Wyerdrawers  and  Carpenters,  togea- 
ther  with  a  convenient  place  for  ye  Rehearsalls  and  set- 

*  Some  of  the  errors  in  Mai  one's  extracts,  as  printed  by  Bos  well, 
are  truly  absurd.  I  shall  note  a  few,  for  the  amusement  of  the  gene- 
ral reader.  "  Flavor  and  paste  with  a  pelt  for  the  same  "  (vol.  iii., 
p.  376),  turns  out  to  be  "  flower  and  paste  with  a  pott  for  the  same." 
M  Holly  and  Jug  for  the  play  of  Predor"  (p.  377),  is,  in  the  original, 
"  Holly  and  Ivye ;"  and  "  tutors  and  x  Italian  woman,"  &c.  (p.  379), 
•is,  in  the  MS..  "  an  Italian  woman."  For  "  x  furre  poles  to  make 
nayles,"  at  p.  401,  read  rayles ;  and  for  "  ix  tilles  with  copartraents" 
(p.  404),  read  "  ix  titles."  I  could  point  out  others,  but  I  have 
perhaps  instanced  enough. 


xlviii  INTRODUCTION. 

tinge  forthe  of  Playes  and  other  Showes  for  those  Ser- 
vices."* 

The  first  Master  of  the  Revels,  Sir  Thomas  Cawerden, 
was  made  in  the  year  1546,  while  William  Poulet,  Lord 
St.  John  of  Basing,  was  Lord  Chamberlain.  Sir  Tho- 
mas died  on  the  20th  August,  1560.  On  the  12th 
January,  1559-60,  Sir  Thomas  Benger  was  appointed  in 
his  stead ;  and,  at  Benger's  death,  in  March,  1577,  his 
place  was  temporarily  supplied  by  Thomas  Blagrave,  till 
Edmund  Tylney  was  nominated  as  his  successor  (24th 
July,  1579).  Lyly,  the  poet,  had  been  a  petitioner  for 
the  reversion  of  the  office  on  Benger's  death,  and  Mr. 
Collier  thinks  that  his  claim  might  have  connection  with 
the  delay  in  Tylney's  appointment. 

In  October,  1610,  Tylney  died  at  Leatherhead  in 
Surrey,  and  Sir  George  Buc,  or  Buck,  the  historian,  be- 
came the  new  master.  On  the  3rd  of  April,  1612,  Sir 
John  Astley  obtained  a  reversionary  grant  of  the  office ; 
and  on  the  5th  of  October,  1621,  a  second  reversion  was 
granted  to  Ben  Jonson.  Astley,  however,  outlived 
him. 

On  the  22nd  May,  1622,  Buck,  ill  and  infirm,  was 
superseded  by  Sir  John  Astley,  who  held  the  situation 
for  the  short  space  of  two  years,  and,  before  the  death 

*  Mr.  Tilney's  writing  touching  his  office,  Lansdowne  MSS.  136, 
fo.  358.  The  office  was  held  and  the  clothes  kept  at  the  old  hospital 
of  St.  John's  of  Jerusalem,  but,  on  the  gift  by  King  James  in  161 1 
of  the  house  to  the  Lord  Aubigny,  the  Revels  Office  removed  to  St. 
Peter's  Hill.  I  have  before  me  an  old  account,  where  a  charge  is 
made  of  "  vj'1.  for  glasinge  the  windowes  of  St.  Johns  Hall  where 
the  Rehersalls  be  made."  —  (Revels  Account  from  1  Nov.  1583  to 
last  of  October  1584.) 


INTRODUCTION.  xlix 

of  Sir  George  Buck,  20th  September,  1623,  had  ap- 
pointed Sir  Henry  Herbert  his  deputy. 

The  appointment  on  Herbert's  part  was  a  purchase, 
but  the  terms  of  the  purchase  have  hitherto  escaped  re- 
search. I  find  the  indenture,  however,  among  the  enrol- 
ments in  the  Audit  Office,  and  there  it  appears  that 
Astley  constituted  Herbert  his  deputy  upon  the  pay- 
ment of  £150  a  year,  insured  upon  the  conveyance  of 
lands  to  the  value  of  £200  a  year.  The  date  of  the  in- 
denture is  20th  July,  1623.  This  appointment  was  in 
reality  a  transfer  of  the  office. 

On  the  13th  August,  1629,  Herbert  obtained  a  re- 
version of  the  office  after  Ben  Jonson,  and,  as  he  out- 
lived both  Astley  and  poor  Ben,*  he  rose,  on  the  demise 
of  the  longest  lives  of  the  two  (Sir  John  Astley),  from 
the  office  of  deputy  to  that  of  master. 

It  was  given  to  Tylney  to  see  the  drama  in  its  greatest 
splendour — the  office  of  the  Revels  in  its  greatest  glory. 
Herbert  saw  several  years  of  its  strength,  and  at  his 
death,  on  the  27th  of  April,  1673,  he  had  seen  his  office 
in  its  decay.     As  Cawerden  was  the  first,  so  Sir  Henry 

•  Among  the  Drolleries  of  Dr.  Andrews,  in  the  Newcastle  volume 
in  the  British  Museum,  is  an  epigram  on  Jonson.  I  print  it,  I  be- 
lieve, for  the  first  time.  The  king,  not  the  parliament,  lent  Jonson 
a  lift. 

"  Big  Benjamin  hath  had  a  cup  of  sacke 

So  often  at  his  mouth  that  now  his  backe 

Is  almost  brooke  ;  whereas  if  hee  his  cup 

In  his  sack's  mouth  had  closely  tyed  up  : 

Hee  might  haue  had  a  blessing  and  haue  bin 

As  fortunate  as  little  Beniamin — 

Though  hee  bee  broake,  and  broake,  and  broke  in  twaine 

The  Parliament  hath  peiced  him  againe." 

Harl.  MSS.  4955,  fol.  84. 
d 


1  INTRODUCTION. 

Herbert  may  be  called  the  last  Master  of  the  Revels,  for 
Killigrew,  who  succeeded  him,  had  long  before  reduced 
the  office  to  one  of  little  authority  and  less  use.  The 
office  of  Master  was  still,  however,  maintained,  and  the 
reader  of  Cibber's  "  Apology"  will  find  that  the  Master 
of  the  Revels  could  be  troublesome  to  the  patentee  of 
Drury  Lane.  The  only  vestige  left,  not  of  the  office, 
for  that  is  fairly  gone,  but  of  the  duties  of  the  office,  is 
in  the  Licenser  of  the  stage. 

Among  the  subordinate  officers  of  the  Revels,  there  is 
no  one  of  mark  or  note  but  Joseph  Taylor,  the  original 
stage  Hamlet,  if  we  may  believe  old  Downes,  the 
prompter.  Taylor  was  appointed  to  the  office  of  "  Yeo- 
man or  Keeper  of  our  Vestures  or  Apparel,"  by  patent 
dated  11th  November,  1639,*  at  a  time  when  poets  and 
players  both  were  mixed  up  with  the  struggle  between 
the  king  and  the  parliament.  Taylor  did  not  live  to  wit- 
ness the  Restoration,  and  was  an  old  man  on  the  4th  No- 
vember, 1652,  when  he  was  buried  at  Richmond,  in  Sur- 
rey. Lyly  failed  in  obtaining  the  reversion  of  the  office  of 
Master ;  Ben  Jonson  obtained  the  reversion,  but  did  not 
live  to  enjoy  it ;  and  Joseph  Taylor  was  appointed  Yeo- 
man when  there  was  nothing  for  him  to  do.*|* 

*  Both  Malone  and  Chalmers  say  Sep.  1639 ;  but  a  copy  of  the 
patent  is  among  the  enrolments  of  the  Audit  Office,  with  the  date  I 
have  given  above. 

t  The  names  of  the  Yeomen,  in  the  order  of  their  succession,  are 
as  follows  :  "  John  Holte  ;  John  Arnold  ;  Walter  Fysshe,  by  Privy 
Seal  of  19th  January,  1574;  Edward  Kirkham,  by  L'rs  Pat.  28th 
April,  28th  of  Elizabeth ;  William  Hunt.  By  L'rs  Pat.  29th  Oct. 
9th  of  James  I. ;  Joseph  Taylor.     By  L'res  Pat.  11th  Nov.   1639." 

Will  Hunt  was  appointed  "  for  the  good  and  faithful  service  here- 
tofore done  unto  our  dear  son  Henry  Prince  of  Wales." 


INTRODUCTION.  li 

I  cannot  conclude  without  expressing  a  sense  of  the 
obligations  I  am  under  to  Francis  Seymour  Larpent, 
Esq.,  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Audit,  and  the  Com- 
missioners of  the  office  in  general,  for  their  permission  to 
make  the  researches  I  have  made ;  nor  can  I  let  pass, 
without  acknowledgment,  the  kind  attention  I  have  re- 
ceived in  directing  and  furthering  those  researches  from 
Brooking  Soady,  Esq.,  the  Chief  Clerk  of  the  office  in 
which  I  have  found  so  much  that  is  curious.  The  paths 
of  antiquarian  inquiry  are  made  doubly  pleasant  when 
one  is  assisted,  as  I  have  been  assisted,  in  the  compila- 
tion of  this  volume  of  old,  minute,  and,  I  feel,  not  unin- 
teresting detail. 

p.  a 

27,  Lower  Belgrave  Place, 
February  1,  1842. 


Arms  of  the  Office  of  the  Revels.     From  Chalmers's  *•  Apolegy." 


EXTEACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS 


OF  THE 


REVELS  AT  COURT. 


1571. 
Revells  in  One  yeare  Ending  on  Shrovetewsdaye 

IN    THE    XIIIJ.TH    YEARE    OF    OUR    SoVERAIGNE    LaDY 

Queene  Elyzabeth. 

The  whole  Charges  of  Thoffice  aforeseide  fore  One 
whole  yeare :  vidzl.  From  Shrove  Tewsday  in  the  xiij.th 
yeare  untill  Shrovetewsdaie  in  the  xiiij.th  yeare  of  her 
Matie8  reaigne. 

Growing  aswell  by  meanes  of  Wages  1  allowauncf 
due  to  sundry  persons  woorking  and  attending  w^n  the 
seide  office  1  abowte  thafFares  therof ;  as  also  by  meanes 
of  sundry  Emptions  1  provizions  this  yeare  within  the  The  Con- 
same  tyme  made  T:  pvyded  by  Sr  Thomas  Benger  Knighte  tentes  of  this 
(being  Mr  of  the  seide  office)  for  the  apparelling,  disgy-  Booke- 
zyngge?  ffurnishing,  ffitting,  Garnishing  T:  orderly  setting 
foorthe  of  men,  woomen,  T;  Children;  in  sundry  Tra- 
gedies, Playes,  Maskes,  and   sporty  with   theier  apte 
howses  of  paynted  Canvas  1  propties  incident  suche  as 
mighte  most  lively  expresse  the  effect  of  the  histories 
plaied  l  devises  in  Maskf  this  yeare  showen,  at  the 
Coorte  for  her  Maties  Regall  disporte  T:  Recreacon  whose 
tytles  1  numbers  w*  the  tymes  wherin  they  were  showen 


2 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Within  the 
tyme  of  ix 
monethes 
for, 


Breefely  are  sett  owte  in  the  ende  of  this  booke.  Wherein 
first  foloweth  the  ordinary  chardge. 

vid2 
Ayryng,  Repayryng,  Layeng  abrode,  Turning,  sowing, 
amending,  Tacking,  Spunging,  wyping,  Brushing,  Sweep- 
ing, Caryeng,  ffowlding,  suting,  putting  in  order  and 
bestowing  of  the  Garment^,  vestures,  Armor  prop  ties  T: 
other  stuff,  store  and  Implement^  of  the  seide  office  ;  for 
the  safegarde,  Refreshing,  %  Reddinesse  therof  at  dyvers 
tymes  as  the  necessitie  therof  required  betweene  the  ende 
of  the  last  Revells  being  as  before  is  saide  on  Shrove 
tewsdaie  in  the  xiijth  yeare  of  her  Matie9  reaigne.  And 
the  begynnyng  of  the  new  woorkes  for  the  next  Christmas 
folowing.     Which  begun  the  first  of  December  in  the 


xiiijth  yeare  of  her  Maties  reaigne. 


vidz! 


in 


Offycers  in 
respect  of 
diett  as  fol- 
oweth. 


Marche,  Aprill,  May,  June,  July,  August,  September, 
October,  November. 

Allowed  for  Taylers  T:  attendant^  woorking  and  at- 
tending on  the  premisses  together  with  the  Travellers 
%  attendant^  that  followed  the  Mr  of  this  office  in  the 
Progresse  on  the  busynesse  T:  affares  of  the  same  office. 

Sma  xxxix".  xix8. 
Porter  at  xijd  the  daie  Sma  lxs. 

The  Master  now  Sr  Thomas  Bender     ^  ^ayes 

I     f?f\  •  Ml 

Knighte  ;  at  iiij8.  the  daie  j       X1J  * 

The  Clerkcomptrowler ;  now  Edward  ^ 

Buggyn  esquier,  at  ijs.  the  daie         J        VJ  ' 

The  Gierke ;  now  Thomas  Blagrave      1 

esquier,  at  ij8.  the  daie  J        v^  ' 

The  Yoman ;  now  John  Holte  by  Wm  "J 

Bowll  hys  deputie  at  ij8.                     J  ••  J  • 

Sma  xxx11. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  3 

William  Bowll  deputie  unto  John  Holte  yoman  of  this 
office  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  Threade  of  sundry 
coollers :  for  Brushes,  rubbers,  Broomes,  baskettf,  Lockf,  Necessaries, 
keyes,  hookes,  Henges,  Boordf,  Nayles,  ffewell  lightf  T: 
suche  other  things  as  neede  required  within  this  tyme 
(of  ix  moneths  before  set  owte)  to  be  uzed  %  imploied 
wein  the  seide  office,  in  all  lxxiij8. 

Sma  of  all  the  ordinary  allowauncf  %  Charges  of  this  From 

office  together  with  the  wages  xiiju.  xixs.  T:  allowaunces  Shrove- 

_  .  tin  i    i  nil   tewsdaie  in 

of  ix  psons  laste  before  mencioned  that  travelled  and  ao  r  rn«  j^, 

attended  on  the  Mr  in  the  Progresse  abowte  thaffares  of  zabeth  xiij0 
the  same  office.     In  all  amouting  to  lxxvj11.  xij8.    JJP^    -  i 

exr  p  Edwardum  Buggyn.  cember  in  a° 
T.Blagrave.    '  r.r»«  preedic- 

John  Arnold. 
1571 
December,  January  1  February  anno  RRn8B  Elizabeth 
pd.  xiiij10  fFor 

Devyzyng,  provydyng,  preparing,  newmaking  Trans- 
lating, Repayring,  ffytting,  furnishing  Garnishing,  set-  Christmas 
ting  foorthe,  attending,  well  ordering,  Taking  in  agayne,   Newyeares- 
safebestowing,  and  safekeeping,  of  all  Thaparell  %  Im-  $*    an(j 
plementf  of  the  seide  office  (of  her  Matie8  Revells)  with  Shrovetyde 
the  Propertyes,  Howses,  and  Necessaries  incident  ther- 
unto  cheefely  for  Thapparelling,  disguysing,  fitting,  ffur- 
nishing  T;  setting  foorthe  of  sundry  Menn,  Women  1 
Children  in  the  vj  Playes  T:  vj  Maskes.  mencioned  more 
at  lardge  in  the  ende  of  this  Booke.  together  with  Thim- 
ploymet  of  suche  stuf  as  the  same  Mr  of  this  office  dely- 
vered  (unto  the  yoman)  being  pcells  of  themptions  fal- 
lowing, after  the  entrye  of  the  wages. 

vid3 

For  Woorkf  doone  and  Attendaunce  geaven  within  the 
seide  office.    Betweene  the  ffirst  of  December  aforeseide ; 

B  2 


4 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Wages  and 
allowaunces 
due. 


on  which  daie,  the  new  woorkf,  T;  preparations,  fFor 
playes  %  Maskes,  agaynst  the  tymes  aforeseide,  did  be- 
gyn :  And  the  aforeseide  Shrove  Tewsdaye  :  on  whiche 
nighte  the  Revells  for  that  yeare  did  ende  according  to 
the  concluzion  of  this  booke. 


To  Taylers  and  attendant^  woorking  attending  %  tra- 
velling in  the  woorkf  buzinesses  T;  afFares  of  the  seid 
office,  daie  T;  nighte 

Sma  c.xiij".  viij8.  viijd. 
Proptymakers,  Imbroders  and  Habberdashers  w*  theier 
servauntf  wrking  uppon  thapparell  propties  T:  heedpecf 
with  strange  hattf  %  garnishing^ 

Sma  xxxix11.  xiiijd. 

Paynters  and  theier  srvauntf  that  wrowghte  1  attended 
in  thoffice  T:  at  the  Coorte  upon  the  Canvas  that  made 
all  the  howses  for  the  plaies  T:  devices  for  the  Maskf 
%  ppties  therto  incidente  as  capisons  %  furnif  for  the 
challenge  T:  def.  w*  theier  horses  T;c.  T:  upon  the  tar- 
gets, weapos,  garlonds,  cronettf  T:  sundry  other  things. 

Sma  xxxv".  xviij8.  ijd. 
Porter  Sma      iiij".     xv9. 


Officers  in 
Respect  of 
theier  dyett. 


From  the 
first  daye  of 
Desember 
untill 

Shroveteus- 
daie  in  a° 
r.rnaB.E.prae- 
dictaB  xiiij10. 


The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  daye.  80  dayes  15  nights,  xix11. 
The  Clerkcomptrolr  at  1 

ij.8  ye  daie  J 

The  Clerk  at  ijs.  the  daie     ix11.  x8. 

The  Yoman  now  John  Arnolde    ) 

atij".  | ix"-xS' 

Sma  xlvijH.  xs. 

Sma  of  all  the  Wages  for  woorkf  doone  T:  attendaunce 
geven  w4in  the  seide  office  and  abowte  thaffares  therof 
then. 

Sma  ccxlH.  xiij8. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  5 

December,  Januari,  Februari  a0  RRaae.  Elizabeth  j?dct. 
xiiijt0. 

Emptions  and  provizions  made  agaynst  and  within  the 
same  tymes  browghte  into  this  office  :  and  delyvered  by 
the  partyes  following  unto  the  handes  and  custody  of  the  By  the  Mr 
same  Sr  Thomas  Benger  Knighte  being  Mr  therof,  to  be  of  thoffice 
employed  upon  the  ffurnishing  of  the  vj  playes  %  the 
newmaking,  T:  translating,  of  the  vj  maskes  now  within 
this  tyme  sett  foorthe  (more  at  lardge  appeering  in  the 
end  of  this  booke)  or  otherwyse  the  Remayne  then  un- 
employed (by  him  reserved)  for  the  like  use,  another 
tyme,  to  be  likewise  yelded  :  when  the  like  service,  owte 
of  this  office  sholde  happen  to  bee  (by  her  Matie)  ex- 
pected :  or  otherwise  required. 

vidz! 

John  Lacy  for  dyvers  percells  of  wares  by  him  dely- 
vered unto  the  seide  Mr  of  this  office  as  by  a  bill  therof 
subscribed  by  the  seid  Sr  T.  Benger  Knighte  more  at 
lardge  appereth. 

Taffita  of  sundry  coollers  and  i 

prices  in  all  cc.lxxiij  yardes.  J  •*  ' 

Sattyns   of  sundry   cullers   1   }  

„       ,..         ,  f  c.xxxvni11.  xini8.      vd. 

pxces  in  all  cc.hj  yerdes  J  J  ° 

Sarcenettf  of  sundry  cullers  1  \ 

p*c£  in  alld.cccc.xiiij.yerdf  di  ) 

Cloth  of  golde  of  sundry  cullers )  ...  .      ... 

&  J  \         xxxi11.    xvj8.  vnj 

lc  in  all.  xxx  yardf  J 

TynsellsofsundrycullersVces)  ^        ^     y. 

in  all.  c.ij  yardes  ) 

VelvettC  of  sundry   cullers  1 

p'ces  in  all.  c.xxvij  yardes 


c.iiijv11.        v3.  iiijd. 


rill 


c.vj11.       njf 


Damask?  of  sundry  cullers  %  \  ^ *    fc  ^: 

price  in  all.  lxxiiij  yardes       ) 


b  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Sackclothe  Stripte  w*  sylver  in  ) 

all.  v.  yardes  J 

Chamlet  one  remnante  greene  1 

contayning  x  yardf  J  J  •      J  • 

Buckerams  of  sundry  coollers  vi  ) 

r  iiii11.     iiii8. 

Mercers  and       peecf  in  all  J  J  J 

ceiiler  per"  Tukes  in  a11  c-xL  yard€ xiiiJu* 

Allwch  his  monyamounteth  unto  d.cc.xxiiij11.     xvj9.     xd. 

William  Ro.  for  Cloth  of  Gowlde  by  him  delyvered 
unto  the  seide  Sr  Thomas  Benger  as  by  a  bill  therof  by 
him  the  seide  Mr  subscribed  may  appeere  in  all  xliiij 
yardf  at  xxja.  the  yarde  being  of  Crimsen  prple  %  greene 
coollor  price.  xlvj11.  iiij9. 

John  Willamson  for  sundry  percells  of  his  wares  dely- 
vered unto  the  seide  Sr  T.  Benger  to  the  use  likewise  of 
the  seide  office  as  by  his  bill  more  at  lardge  appereth. 

vidS 
Sarcenettf   of  sundry  cullers   and  ) 

prices  in  all  c.nijxv.  ells.  J 

Velvett  xxvij  yardes  at  xvij8.  le  yd       xxiju.  xixs. 

Chaungeable  Taffita  j.  yarde 

Loomeworke  liij  ells  at  v8.  vjd.  thell.       xiiij11 

XX 

All  which  his  mony  amounteth  unto,  iiijxix1' 

John  Browne,  for  dyvers  percells  of  his  wares  dely- 
vered unto  the  seid  Sr  Thomas  Benger  to  the  use  above- 
seide  as  by  his  bill  vid2 


xjs. 

viijd. 

xj8. 

vjd 

iij8 

ixd 

Cloth  of  golde  of  Redd  coollr  xvj  yardf  q^. 
of  greene  culler,  xxiij  yardf  iij  a/8,  di. 
of  Blew  culler  xiij  yardf  di  %  di  qf*. 
In  all  at  xvj8  the  yarde  liij  yardf  iij  cktrs. 


xliij11. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  7 

Cloth  of  Tyssue  of  White  culler  xxxix ' 

yardf  di.  (of  greene  culler  xxiij  yardf .  .  n    ....s 

di.)  in  all  at  viij3.  the  yarde  lxiij  yardes 
amouting  unto 

All  which  his  mony  amounteth  unto  lxviij11.  iiij8. 

William  Dane  alderman  of  London  for  one  peece  of 
Clothe  of  golde;   xx11.     For  Canvas  d.iiij.vij.  ells   di.  The  Draper. 
xxix11.  vijs  ixd.     And  for  vandelas  lxvij  ells  di ;  Ixvij8. 
vjd.     In  all  delyvered  by  his  wyfe  T;  srvaunt£  unto  the 
hands  of  the  seide  Sr  T.  Benger  to  the  use  aforesaide. 

liju.  XVs.  iijd. 

Philipp  Gunter  for  sundry  percells  of  wares  namely 
Buckerams  of  sundry  cullers  and  sundry  pryces  by  him 
browghte  into  thoffice  and  delyvered  unto  the  seide  Mr  Thupholster 
and  others  by  him  appointed  to  receive  the  same  to  be 
employed  for  lynyngs  T;  patternes  Tx.  in  all  as  by  his  bill 
c.lxj  peecf  price  ;  xxxij11.  vs.  viijd. 

Jone  Bowll  for  sundry  percells  of  ware  by  her  dely- 
vered into  this  office  to  the  use  aforeseide  by  the  com- 
maundement  of  the  seide  Master  as  more  at  lardge  ap- 
pereth  by  her  bill.  vidz) 

Frynge  of  Copper  sylver  1  silk  in  all  1  ^^     ^        {i 

xxxix  ft  %  iij  qjtrs  of  an  ounce       ) 

Silk  ffy ve  ouncfT  %  an  halfe    xj8. 

Buttons  of  Copper  Sylver  (324)    ...  xviij8.   iiijd. 

Tassells  with  Calles  xij xij8.      xd. 

Lace  ffyve  pownde  vij  ounces    iiij11.       xjs. 

Twist  iiij  ft  ij  ounc£  di iiij11.     xix8.     ixd. 

All  wcb  her  mony  amounteth  unto.        lvij11.      xij8.  ob.       Sylkwomen 

and  wares 

— Wever  of  S*.  Martyns  for  mony  to  him  due  for  sundry  Jj^8^  of 
percells  of  his  ware,  namely  of  Copper  sylver  frenge  at 


8 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


xxiiij8.  the  tt>— ix11.  xij8.  For  gold  yolo  oving  at  xxxs. 
the  ft>  iiij.  ft)  x.  ouncf .  vj11.  xviij9.  viijd.  And  for  But- 
tons and  lace  of  greene  silke  and  golde. — xj9.  viijd.  in  all 
as  by  his  bill  subscribed  by  the  yoman  y*  imploied  it 
within  this  office  on  the  matters  ensuing  appereth. 

xviju.  ij9.  iiijd. 

Mr  Buggyn  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  vj  grose  of 

Buttons  by  him  browghte  unto  thoffice. — xij9.     And  for 

fyne  Lawne  for  Mercuries  heade. — viij9.  in  all.  xx9. 

Wylliam  Bowll  deputy  to  John  Holte  late  yoman  of 
this  office  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  at  sundry  tymes  at 
the  Mr  comaundem*  for  sundry  things  following  for  the 
use  aforeseide :  vid3 


Stones  called  Sitterines  (240.)  1  To-] 
piasses  w*  dyvers  enamellings.  J 

Gylding  and  setting  of  the  seid  stones  j  1c 

Canvas,  lv.  ells,  price  in  all;     

Vyzardes  of  the  ffinest  xviii.  p*ce 

Gloves  for  maskers  xij  paier 

Raw  sattin  silke  for  heare;  

Threade  iij.  ft)  ij  bowltf  

Tape  both  fyne  and  Coorse  

Pacthreade  and  buttons  togethers    

Orsedue 

Lace  of  Crowne  purle 

Lambeskins  for  moores      

Past  boordes  ix  dozen    

Feltf  ij  dozen  *\  ix 

Flowers  wrowghte  w*  needle  wrke* 
wherof  iij  were  presented  to  her 
Matiethe  residue  garnished  maskers 
heads     

Heare  for  Hozen 

Fewell  T:  Rushes 


xij       vij 

11]J 

c.ij 
lxx 

vj 

XXXV 

vj 

XV1J 

VJ 

XVJ 

X 

JJ 

IX 

"J 

VJ 

U1J 

1J1J 

y  vnj 

xvij 

IX 

XXlj 

mJ      xij 


lllj      XI 

XJ 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  9 

And  for  monye  by  him  at  sundry  tymes  disbursed  in 
Rewards  Hi  payment^  by  him  made  at  the  special!  re- 
quest of  the  seid  Sr  T.  Benger  for  sundry  srvice  by  him 
uzed  T:  sundry  emptions  by  him  had  to  his  owne  pTvate 
imploymet  within  this  yeare  in  thaffares  herof  by  the 

affirmacon  of  the  seide  Mr xviij11.   viijd. 

All  wch  his  mony  amounteth  unto lj11.       jd. 

John  Arnolde  yoman  of  this  office  for  mony  by  him  Provisions 
disbursed  at  sundry  tymes  for  sundry  things  requisit  to  °f  sundl7 
the  use  aforesaide,  as  by  his  bill         vidz!  s{uf  an(j  £x_ 

u.  s.        d.     pences  sun- 
Gilt  Bugles  (m)  and  Rubies  (300) c  dry  waves 

Thread  of  sundry  cullers  1  sort?    cij  viij   disbursed  by 

T           r         -,            Lt    ..    44.  ....  the  yoman 

Lace  of  sundry  sort?,  rj.  lb xxxmj  of  ^  office 

Fethers  of  sundry  sortf      xxiiij  and  his  de- 

Fewell  spent  in  thoffice   iiij       xvij    iiij   Pu*ie  for  the 

r  j  j        j    tyme  being. 

Pasted  paper  T;  other  pap  xxwij       j  viz. 

Gloves  for  players  T;  maskers lj 

Pinnes  and  tape  togethers  ix      ij 

Rushes  for  the  Wrkehowses    vj  viij 

Feltf  poyntf  and  corde  in  all .*. xlij      ij 

Curtyn  Ringes  T:  heare  for  hoze iiij      ij 

Cariages  and  Reward^  byhim  paid  as 

occazions  in  srvice  required;  and  the 

seide  Mr  comaunded  sundry  tymes 

in  thaffares  herof  in  all  together  w* 

necessairs  for  Carow  imploied  by 

the  Mr. 
All  wch  his  mony  amounteth  together  )  . 

unto;  1XX1X  XJ      J 

John  Carow  for  sundry  percells  of  stuff  by  him  bowghte 
and  provyded  for  the  use  of  this  office  %  for  the  plaies 
Maskf  l  showes  sett  foorth  therof  by  the  seide  Mrs  co- 
maundement.   vid3.      Sparres,   Rafters,   boordf,   pun- 


1UJ 


10 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Iraple- 
mentes  for 
propertyes 
suche  as 
sundry 
playes  re- 
q'red  pro- 
vided and 
employed 

by. 


chyns,  Nayles,  vices,  Hookes,  Hingf,  Horstayles,  Hobby 
horses,  pitchers,  paper,  Braunches  of  sylke  and  other  gar- 
nitr  for  pageantf,  fethers,  ffagbroches,  Tow,  Trenchers, 
gloves  black,  septers,  wheate  sheaves,  Bodyes  of  men  in 
tymber,  dishes  for  devells  eyes,  devices  for  hell,  T;  hell 
mowthe  staves  for  banners  Tx.  Bowes,  bills,  daggs,  Tar- 
gettf,  swordes,  daggers,  fawchins  fierwrke,  Bosses  for 
bittf,  speares,  past,  glew,  pacthrede,  whipcorde,  Holly, 
Ivy,  T:  other  greene  bowes,  bayes,  %  strewing  erbes  T; 
such  like  Implemetf  by  him  employed  at  the  coorte  T:  in 
thoffice  to  acceptable  purposes  w*  cariagf  1  Rewardf  by 
him  paid  in  all ;  xiiij11.  xjs.  jd. 


Sachary  Benett  for  x  dosen  of  Kyddf  skynnes  together 
The  Fur-  with  the  woorkmanship  by  him  and  his  servauntf  doone 
ryer.  upon  the  Hobby  horses  that  srved  the  children  of  West- 

minster in  the  triumphe  (where  parris  wan  the  Christall 
sheelde  for  vienna,  at  the  Turneye  and  Barryers)  in  all ; 

xlij8.  vjd. 

William  Lyzard  for  Golde,  sylver  and  sundry  other 

The  Cullors    Cullers  by  him  spent  in  paynting  the  howses  that  served 

for  the  playes  T;  players  at  the  Coorte ;  w*  theier  pperties 

T;  necessaries  Incident  the  pticulrs  wherof  appeere  at 

lardge  in  his  bill ;  xiij11.  xvj9.  jd. 


Wyerdrawr 
and  his  per- 
cells 


Thomas  Leverett  for  mony  to  him  due  for  wyer,  plates, 
Lantornes,  canstikf  staples,  snakes  pack  needls,  Ropes, 
bittf  %  suche  like  trinkettf  w*  his  attendaunce  as  more 
at  lardge  appereth  in  his  bill  amtins  to ;  vj11.  xvj8. 


Thomas  Gyles  for  mony  to  him  due  for  xxj  ffyne 
Vizardes         vyzardf  with  long  Berdes,  lxx8.     And   for  vj   Turkf 
vizardf  xvs.     In  all  as  by  his  bill  therof  appereth ; 


iiij11.  vs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  11 

John  Tryce  for  mony  to  him  due  for  Leashes,  %  dog- 
hookes,  w*  staves,  and  other  necessaries ;  by  him  provyded 
for  the  hunters  that  made  the  crye  after  the  fox  (let 
loose  in  the  Coorte)  with  theier  howndf,  homes,  and  Hunters 
hallowing,  in  the  playe  of  Narscisses.  wch  crye  was  made, 
of  purpose  even  as  the  woordf  then  in  utteraunce,  1  the 
parte  then  played,  did  Requier,  for  the  whiche,  the  same 
Sr  T.  Benger  also  appointed  him  to  geve  certeyne  Re- 
wardf  the  whole  amounting  to ;  xxjs.  viijd. 

John  Izarde  for  mony  to  him  due  for  his  device  in 
counterfeting  Thunder  %  Lightning  in  the  play  of  Nar-  Thunder  and 
scisses  being  requested  therunto  by  the  seide  Mr  of  this  Lightning 
office.     And  for  sundry  necessaries  by  him  spent  therin 
in  all.  xxijs. 

Barnard  Fabian  for  mony  to  him  due  for  sundry  per-  »pne  chaun- 
cells  of  his  ware,  namely  Torches,  Linckf  other  Lights  dler 
Seringcandle  Corde  T:c  in  all  as  by  his  bill  appereth ; 

c.xvs.  vd. 


Morris  Pickering  and  Willam  Jening  for  mony  by 
them  disbursed  for  the  hier  of  certeine  Armor  for  the 
playe  of  Parris  %  vienna  to  furnish  the  triumphe  therin 
and  for  Reward^  by  them  geven  to  the  armorers  that  at- 
tended by  thappoyntment  of  the  seide  Mr  ljs.  vjd. 


Armour 


Roger  Tyndall  for  mony  to  him  due  for  certeyne  Armr 
by  him  lent  for  the  same  purpose  with  his  srvaunt£ 
wages  for  wayting  and  attending  on  the  same  in  all. 

xviij8.  ijd. 

John  Farington  for  mony  to  him  due  for  making  of 
vij  payer  of  Buskins  at  his  howse  %  for  sowling  lether  in   Buskyn- 
all.  xj8.  iiijd.   makr 


12 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Jorneying 
charges  and 
other  neces- 
sary Ex- 
pences  and 
Rewardes 
&c.  alowed 
by  the  MT 
&c.  to 


Bryan  Dodmer  for  niony  by  him  disbursed  for  a 
Christall  sheelde  T;  certaine  Bumbaste  by  him  delyvered 
into  thoffice  %  for  his  expencf  travell  °t  diligence  in 
thaffares  of  this  office  by  the  speciall  appoyntment  of  the 
seide  Sr  T.  Benger  lx8. 

Ryeharde  Mundaye  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  in  Re- 
ward^ T:  for  Bothier,  Linckf  and  other  necessary  expencf 
at  the  commaundement  of  the  Clerkcomptrowler  of  this 
office  this  yeere  in  all ;  xxs. 


John  Dra water  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  in  Re- 
wardf  T:  for  Botehier  Lynkf  T:  other  necessarye  expencf 
at  the  commaundement  of  the  Clerke  of  this  office  this 
yeare  in  all  xx8. 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  Clerke  of  this  office  for  his 
Greene  Cloth,  with  pap,  Ink,  Cownters  *\  suche  other 
necessaries  as  to  this  office  appertayneth  T:  is  incident  to 
Greenecloth  the  devices,  plottf,  orders,  Bills,  Reckonings  1  Bookes 
Clerke^  6  ^y  him  devysed,  framed,  sett  owte,  compiled,  conferred, 
cast  upp,  concluded  T:  preferred  for  this  whole  yeare 
ending  on  shrovetewisdaie  in  the  xiiijth.  of  our  seide 
soveraigne  Lady  Queene  Elizabth. 

lxvj8.  viijd. 

Sma  of  all  the  emptions  T;  provizions  with  the  other 
expencf  before  mencyoned  amounteth  unto  : 

m.cc.xlj11.  xij8.  vd.  ob. 


SMA  TO18  of  this  whole  Booke  conteyning  all  the  whole 
Charges  of  this  office  any  way  growen  within  this  yeare  ; 
vidz).  From  Shrovetewsdaie  in  the  xiijth.  yeare  of  or. 
soveraigne  Lady  Queene  Elizabeth  untill  Shrovetewsdaie 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  13 

in  the  xiiijth.  yeare  of  Maties  Reaigne  as  before  appeereth 
amounteth  unto : 

m.d.lviij11.  xvij8.  vd.  ob. 
exr.  g  nos  T.  Blagrave. 

Edwarde  Btiggyn. 
John  Arnold. 

Lady  Barbara  showen  on  Saint  Johns  day  at  nighte 
by  Sr  Robert  Lanes  Men. 

Effiginia  a  Tragedye  showen  on  the  Innosentf  daie  at 
nighte  by  the  Children  of  Powles. 

Aiax  and  Ulisses  showen  on  New  yeares  daie  at 
nighte  by  the  Children  of  Wynsor. 

Narcissf  showen  on  Twelfe  daye  at  nighte  by  the 
Children  of  the  Chappell. 

Cloridon  and  Radiamanta  showen  on  Shrovesundaye 
at  Nighte  by  Sr  Robert  Lanes  men. 

Paris  and  Vienna  showen  on  Shrovetewsdaie  at  nighte  piayes  v; 
by  the  Children  of  Westminster.  vidz.  of 

All  whiche  vj.  piayes  being  chosen  owte  of  many  and 
ffownde  to  be  the  best  that  then  were  to  be  had ;  the 
same  also  being  often  pused,  rt  necessarely  corrected  % 
amended  by  all  thafforeseide  officers.  Then  they  being 
so  orderly  addressed,  were  lykewise  Throwghly  appa- 
relled, %  ffurnished,  with  sundry  kindes,  and  sutes,  of 
Apparell  1  furniture,  ffitted  and  garnished  necessarely 
T;  answerable  to  the  matter,  person,  and  parte  to  be 
played.  Having  also  apt  howses,  made  of  Canvasse, 
fframed,  ffashioned  *\  paynted  accordingly ;  as  mighte 
best  serve  theier  severall  purposes.  Together  with 
sundry  properties  incident :  ffashioned,  paynted,  gar- 
nished, and  bestowed  as  the  partyes  them  selves  required 
T:  needed.  Whereupon,  somuche  of  all  manner  of  the 
Emptions  T;  pvisions  aforeseide,  as  was  expedient  T:  re- 


14  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

quizite :  was  aptly  Employed  together  with  gte  of  the 
woorkmanshipp  %  attendauncf  aforeseide.  And  the  Re- 
sidue of  the  Emptions  not  then  employed  theron :  was 
by  the  seid  Mr  of  this  office  %  others  whome  he  did  put 
in  trust  reserved  for  farder  service  in  thoffice  the  most 
parte  wherof  was  also  Employed  (together  wfc  the  rest  of 
the  wkmanshipp  done)  upon  the  Maskes  ffollowing. 

Clothe  of  Golde  ij.  of  whiche  one  maske  was  yolow 
garded  with  black  velvett  garnished  with  sylver  lace  % 
fringe  v3.  vj  long  gownes  having  vj  hattf  of  Black  vel- 
vett edged  with  golde  lace  T:  for  theier  Torchebearers  vj 
long  Gownes  of  Changeable  TafFata  red  T:  yolow  gar- 
nished with  ye  lyke  lac  T:  efrenge  wl  vj  hattf  answerable  T; 
vizardf,  skarfes,  ffawchions,  buskins,  wrestbandf  T:  suche 
like  necessaries  incident.  The  tother  mask  was  of  Crym- 
sen  purple  %  greene  cloth  of  golde.  vzj  .  viij  Long  Gownes 
garnished  with  silver  frenge,  T:  lace  T:  buttons,  whose 
torchebearers  had  viij  long  gownes  of  Redd  Damask  like- 
wise garnished  T:  all  furnished  with  straunge  heades  (xvj), 
vyzardf,  skarfes,  fa  wchins,  Buskins  garters  T:  wrestbands 
according. 

Loomewoorke  white  T:  black  braunched  vj  long  gownes 
garded  wfc  black  velvett,  Imbrodred  w*  lace  lyned  w* 
Tynsell  %  edged  with  ffrenge ;  whose  Torchebearers  had 
vj  longe  Gownes  of  Changeable  TafFata  blew  T:  yolo  gar- 
nished w*  sylver  lace  and  frenge  having  likewise  xij 
strange  heades  T:  1 2  vizards  wl  skarfes  fFawchins  bus- 

Maskes  vj       kins>  ^ 


vidz.  of 


Murre  Sattyn  one  of  vj  Long  Gownes  %  for  the  Torche- 
bearers vj  long  gownes  of  Chaungeable  TafFata  gar- 
nished w*  sylver  Lace  %  frenge  having  xij  straunge  headf 
curiusly  decked  withvyzardf  skarfes,  fFachyns  buskins,  T:c. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  15 

The  other  ij  maskf  were  but  translated  %  otherwise 
garnished  being  of  the  former  nuber  by  meanes  wherof 
the  Chardge  of  Wrkmanshipp  1  attendaunce  is  cheefely 
to  be  respected. 

Itm  one  of  the  forenamed  Maskf  had  going  before  it 
a  Childe  gorgeusly  decked  for  Mercury,  who  uttered  a 
speeche :  %  presented  iij  fflowers  (wroughte  in  silke  T: 
golde)  to  the  Queenes  Matie  signefieng  victory,  peace,  % 
plenty,  to  ensue.  He  had  also  ij  torchebearers  in  Long 
gownes  of  changeable  Taffata  with  him. 

Upon  wch  vj  Maskes  the  Residue  of  all  Themptions 
this  yeare  broughte  into  thoffice,  for  the  moste  parte  was 
Employed.  The  Remayne  of  all  the  forenamed  stuf  not 
on  theise  plaies  T:  Maskf  Employed.  Resteth  in  the 
hands  of  the  seid  Mr  of  this  office  %  suche  as  he  comytted 
the  custody  therof  unto,  till  farder  service  Required  the 
same. 

Edward  Buggyn.     T.  Blagrave*    John  Arnold, 

Marche,  Aprill  %  Maye  in  anno  RRnae  Elizabth.  xiiijt0 

Sdict.  Allowaunces 

Due  unto 
Ayryng,  Repayryng  Layeng  abrode,  Turning,  sow-  the  Wrkmen 

ing,  amending,  Tacking,  spunging,  wyping  Brushing,  **nd  ^tt^.n" 

sweeping,  Caryeng,  ffowlding,  suting,  putting  in  order  lowing  for 

and   safe  bestowing  of  the  Garment^  vestures,  Armor  Wrkman- 

pperties  and  other  stuf,  store  %  Implement^  of  the  seide  an(j  atten- 

office   for   the   safegarde,   Refreshing   and   Reddynesse   daunce  ge- 

thereof  %  Agaynste  the  Coommyng  of  Duke  Momme-  Jg^office  * 

rancie  Embassador  for  Fraunce.  In  all  (Betweene  Shrove-  Betweene 

tewsdaie  in  the  seide  xiiiith  vere,  and  the  last  daye  of  Shrovetews- 
™       •      •,         • ,  v  i  ^  ,      •       ,  day  and  the 

May  in  the  seide  yeare)  xx"  Dayes  wherin  the  partyes  iast  daye  of 

dilligently  wrowghte  and  attended  within  the  seide  office.  Maye  a° 

.,q  xiiijt0  prse- 

vldz!  dictae  vidz. 

upon, 


16  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Wages  to  Taylers  and  others  woorking  1  attending  the 
premisses  those  xxli.  daies.  vid3.      Sma  viiju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

The  Porter  John  Dawncye   xx8. 

The  officers     The  Mr  of  thoffice,  v3   Sr  Thomas  Benger  Knighte  at 

in  respect  of       yy..  by  the  daie     iiijii. 

dyett  during  J       J  -*  J 

those  xxli        The  Clerkcomptrowler,  vz)  Edward  Buggin  esqkier  at 

daies.  ijs>  the  daie xl8. 

The  Clerke,   v3   Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  at  ijs.  the 

daie xl8. 

The  yoman,  vz!  John  Arnolde  at  ijs.  the  daie xl8. 

Sma  of  all  theise  wages  amouteth  unto  :  xix11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 
Edward  Buggyn.     T.  Blagrave.     John  Arnold. 

Emptions  T:  pvizions  made  within  the  same  tyme 

vidzl 

John  Dauncy  for  ffewell  by  him  bowghte  of  Willam 
Newman  by  the  appoyntment  of  the  seide  Sr  Thomas 
Benger  T:  to  him  delyvered  in  Marche  aforeseide,  v3  iiij 
ml  T:  an  halfe  of  Billettf  at  xiij3.  the  thowsande  ;  lviij8. 
Tallwood  iiij  Lodes  at  vs.  iiijd.  the  lode  ;  xxj8.  iiijd.  And 
fagattf  iiij  Lodes  at  v8.  the  Lode  xx8.     In  all ; 

iiij11.  xix8.  xd. 

Henri  Callewaye  for  a  Table  with  a  frame  T:  sundry 
other  necessaries  by  him  delyvered  into  thoffice  by  the 
comaundement  of  the  seid  Mr  xxx8. 

Sma  of  all  Themptions  vj11.  ix8.  xd. 

From  Sma  toli3  of  all  the  Charges  of  this  office  any  way 

Shrovetews-  G.rowen  from  Shrovetewsdaie  untill  June  aforeseide 

dave  untill 

June  in  a0  xxvj11.  iij8.  ijd. 

R  R  n8e  nra?- 

dictae  xiiijt0.  Edward  Buggyn.     T.  Blagrave.     John  Arnold. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  17 

[BOOK  IL] 

1573. 
REVELLS. 

The  Booke  of  Charges  growen  w*in  Thoffice  of  the  One  yeare 
Queenes  Mate  Revells  aforesaide  in  One  whole  yeare  lagt  '"f^™ 
scilt.     From  the  Laste  daye  of  Maye  (1572)  in  the  xiiijth  Anno  RRn« 
yeare  of  Matf?  Reaigne  Untill  the  ffirst  daye  of  June  E1yzabeth 
1573  in  the  xvth  yeare  saving  the  Warderobe  stuf  which 
is  not  here  mencyoned  bycawse  it  was  not  bowghte  by 
any  officer  of  the  seide  office,  but  delyvered  to  thoffice  by 
John  Fortescue  esq^er  Mr  of  the  Queenes  Maties  great 
Warderobe. 

There  is  added  also  in  the  ende  of  this  booke  the  And  ffyve 

Charges  that  grew  within  v  Monethes  as  afore  is  saide ;  ^  °?.e     ! 

vidz,  June,  July,  August,  September,  and  October  in  Last  daye  of 

the  saide  xvth  yeare  ;  w*in  which  tyme  there  was  w'ke  %  October  a° 

.  xvt0  prd 

attendaunces  especially  against  the  Progresse  into  Kent 

as  there  in  thend  of  this  Booke  at  Lardge  appereth. 

Woorkf  doone  T;  attendauncf  seven  within  the  seide  J°ne  Anno 
Office  and  on  Thaffares  therof  within  the  same  tyme  -,  '-.to  * 
For  %  upon  the  devyzing,  newmaking,  translating,  re- 
pay ring,  Fyttyng,  Furnishing,  Garnishing  %  setting 
foorthe  of  sundry  kind?  of  Apparell,  properties  and  fur- 
niture for  One  Maske  showen  at  White  hall  before  her 
Mat,e  %  Duke  Momerancie  Embassador  for  Fraunce. 
Together  w*  the  Emptions  1  pvisions  bowghte  and  pro- 
vyded  for  the  same.  And  all  other  charge  growen 
by  meanes  therof  within  this  Office  (the  Warderobe  stuf 
as  before  is  said  only  excepted)  pticulerly  ensueth. 

C 


18 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Officers  in 
Respect  of 
Diett 


Taylers  %  others  woorking  T;  attending  upon  the  pre- 
misses viz!  Sma  lviij11.  viij8.  ijd 
pptymakers  Habberdashre  Imbroderers  T:c 

Sma  xviij11.  x8.  iiijd 


dayes 

thedaie     30., 


nights 

.10.. 


The  Mr  at  iiij 

The  Clerkcontrowler  at  ijs.  p  die  ...30 10 

TheClerke  at  ij8.  p  diem  ;    30 10 

The  Yoman  at  ijs.  p  diem;   30 10 


li. 

....  viij 
....  iiij 
....  iiij 
....  iiij 
Sma  xxu 


June  xiiijt0      Sma  of  all  theise  Wages 


iiijxvij11.  viij8.  vjd. 
John  Fortescue, 
Henry  Sekeforde. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Thomas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold. 


The  silk- 
weaver  and 
her  percells 


June  1572  xiiijt0. 

Eruptions,  &c. 
Jone  Bowll  for  Copp  Sylver  Frenge  Twist  and  bone 
Lace.  lix.  ft>  T;  x.  qzl  qf.  at  xviijd.  thounce.  lxxju.  xj8. 
iiijd.  Golde  Frenge  at  ij8.  vjd.  thounce  ij  ft)  j.  oz.  q^.  iiij11. 
iij8.  j.  ob.  Copp  silver  %  silkf  Buttons  and  loopes  iiij. 
ft)  xiij.  oz.  di.  at  ij8.  the  ounce  ;  iiij  iij11.  ixs.  vjd. 


The  silk- 
woman 


Ales  Mowntague  for  Bone  Lace  wrowghte  wfc  sylver  and 
spangells  vij  ouncf  at  ix8.  thounce.  lxiij8.  Golde  plate,  j. 
oz.  iij  cktr8  at  vij8.  thounce ;  xij8.  iijd.  Lawne  of  fine 
white  Netwoorke  at  xij8.  the  yarde  iij  yardes  di.  xlij8. 
(Itm  delyvered  to  Mrs  Swegoo  to  garnishe  ix  heades  and 
ix  skarfes  for  the  ix  Muzes  owte  of  thoffice.  vidS.  Spa- 
nish silke  of  sundry  cullers,  wins  iiij  ozcf  iij  q^3  at  ij8.  vjd. 
thounce.  xj8.  xd.  ob.  Heads  of  heare  drest  and  tymmed  Vu 
at  xxiij8.  iiijd  the  peece  in  all  ix,  x11.  xs.  Sisters  threade, 
j  oz.  ij8.     Lawne  for  skarfes  white  %  open  xiiij  yardf  di. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  19 

at  iij8.  iiijd.  the  yarde— xlviij8.  iiijd.  White  Sipers  for 
skarfes  xxvj  yardes  at  ij8.  iiijd.  the  yarde;  lxs.  viijd. 
Frenge  of  golde  twisted  for  the  same  skarfes  xiiij  ozcf 
at  vijs.  viijd.  the  o2.  c.vij8.  iiijd.  Bone  Lace  cheyne 
Frenge  T;  edging  lace  of  golde  T;  silvr  with  spangles  xxvij 
ozj.  di  at  viij8.  the  ounce;  xj11.  Poynting  Ribbon  of 
golde  sy\vr  and  sylke  102  yardes  at  viijd.  the  yarde— iiju. 
viij8.  |  Ribon  of  penny  brode  silke  j.  oz  qrt  at  iij8.  thounce ; 
iij8.  ixd.  Parchement  Lace  of  watchett  and  sylver  at  vij8. 
viijd.  the  ounce  ij  oz.  qf  xvij8.  iijd.  Laces  of  Crymsen 
ij  at  xvjd.  the  peece ;  ij8.  viijd.  Spanish  Lace  %  white 
heare  laycying  v  doozen  at  ij8.  the  doozen ;  x8.  Boxes  to 
put  the  heades  and  skarfes  in  ij  at  ij8.  the  peece  :  iiij8. 
in  all.  xliiij11.  iij8  jd.  ob. 

Willm  Bowll  for  xxxij  long  flowers  iiij   stalkes  the   Silkwever 

peece  at  viijd.  the  stalke ;  iiij11.  v8.  iiijd.  striggfT  of  bay  anf  hl£  per" 

32  ecus. 

Leaves  for  twigg  headf  at  vjd.  the  peece.  xvj8.  single 
Roses  at  ijd.  the  peece  xviij  dozen,  xxxvj8.  Flowers  in 
Branches  xj  doze  at  viijd.  the  braunche;  iiiju.  viij8. 
Reedes.  ijd.  Canvas  x  ells  at  xd.  the  ell ;  viij8.  iiijd. 
Vandelas  iiij  ells  di  at  xiijd.  thell;  iiij8.  x.  ob.  single 
pancf  iiij  dozen;  iiij8.  viijd.  Flowers  of  needlewrk  °t 
golde  xxvij  *\  iiij  labells  p*ce ;  iiij11.  xij8.  viijd.  Rose 
headeded  nayles  M ;  xxd.  in  all         xvj11.  xvij8.  viijd.  ob. 

John  Rosse  (gent)  for  mony  to  him  due  for  making  of  Property- 
a  Chariott  of  xiiij  foote  long  T:  viij  foote  brode  w*  a  Rock  maker 
upon  it  %  a  fowntayne  therin  w*  the  furnishing  and  gar- 
nishing therof  for  Apollo  and  the  Nine  Muzes,by  the  com- 
position *X  appoyntment  of  the  aforeseide  John  Forteskue 
esquier  %  Henri  Sackford  esquier.  lxvj11.xiij8.  iiijd. 

James  Macredye  for  making  of  a  Castell  for  Lady  Property- 
peace  to  sytt  1  be  browghte  in  before  the  Queenes  Matie  maker 

c  2 


20 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Patterne- 
raaker 


T;  for  dyvers  things  by  him  bowghte,  and  employed  on 
the  same ;  together  w*  the  wages  by  him  demaunded  for 
payment  of  suche  as  wroughte  upon  the  same,  in  all  xvj11. 
But  alowed  only  xiij11.  xv8. 

Robert  Trunkye  arras  for  patternes  by  him  made 
and  plottf  for  sundry  devices  requizite  in  this  office  1  at 
this  tyme  employed  in  all  xxxs. 


The  Joyner 
and  propty- 
maker  and 
his  percells. 


John  Carow  for  vj  dozen  of  golde  Lether  at  ij8.  viijd. 
the  dooze;  xvj9.  for  xviij  feltf  at  xijd.  the  peece;  xviij8. 
for  iiij  staves  at  vjd.  the  peece  ij8.  for  ij  felt£  for  women  ; 
xvjd.  Nayells.  iijd.  Feltf  at  viijd.  the  peece  xij ;  viij8. 
One  Turky  Bowe  and  iij  arrowes ;  xvd.  Packthred ;  ijd. 
Bannarstaves  vj.  at  iiijd.  the  peece ;  ij8.  for  making  of  vj 
yardf  of  cheyne  w*  the  golde  lether;  vj8.  for  another 
cheyne  of  xv  yardf  ;  viij8.  for  ffyne  fflower  for  past ;  ijd. 
Glew  5  iiijd.  for  xv  feltf  more  at  viijd.  the  peece ;  x8.  for 
iiij  dozen  more  of  golde  lether ;  ixs.  ijd.  for  a  Bolte 
shackles  It  a  coller  for  discorde,  ij8.  for  boordes  for  the 
floore  %  shelves  in  the  coutinghowse ;  xvj8.  for  Rafters 
1  grunsells,  xiiij8.  for  Wenskot.  xiij8.  For  Nayles  of 
sundry  sort£;  vj8.  viijd.  for  frames  for  wyndowes;  x8. 
for  joyntf  staples  hookf  ^  henges  for  windowes  T:  doores ; 
ix8.  viijd.  for  making  of  a  portall,  shelves,  dores,  boxes 
T:  mending  the  floore  T;  seeling  in  the  same ;  xs.  viijd.  In 
all  as  by  one  of  his  billf  :  iiij11.  iiij8.  viijd.  And  by  the 
other  entred  1  paid  by  Dodmer  the  Clerkf  appointm1  iiij11. 

viij11.  iiij8.  viijd. 


Painter  &c.  Willam  Lyzarde  for  xviij  pencells  at  viijd.  the  peece ; 
xij8.  for  Banners  iiij  at  vj8.  viijd.  the  peece ;  xxvj8.  viijd. 
Crownes  ij  ;  vs.  for  paynting  ij  Marshalls  staves ;  ij8.  for 
paynting  a  castell ;  x8.  the  Rock  T;  churche  in  the  Castle; 
x8.  The  pillers  Arcatrye,  frize  cornish  %  the  roofe  gilt 
w*  golde  and  ffine  silver ;  cs.     The  Armes  of  England 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  21 

and  Fraunce  upon  it  3  x8.  the  wingf  ;  iiij8.  certeyne  gar- 
londf :  xxs.  Ollyff  Braunches  and  snakes  3  vij8.  Avi- 
zard  for  Argus ;  ij8.  Candlestick^  likwise  by  him  paynted, 
ij  dozen ;  iiij11.  A  prison  for  discord ;  v8.  for  drawing 
of  divers  hedpeeces;  vj8.  viijd.  for  gilding  iiij.  pillers  of 
a  waggon,  iij8.  iiijd.  xv11.  iij8.  viijd. 

Philipp  Gunter  for  xxxti.  peeces  of  Buckerams  vzJ.   Upholster 
xxvj  at  xj8  the  peece;  xiiij11.  vj8.     One  pee.  more  of  &c* 
Bridge  Buckeram ;   xij8.     And   iij   peecf   of  Rownde 
Buckerams,  at  iiij8.  iiijd.  the  peece ;  xiij8.     In  all. 

xvu.  xj8. 

Barnard  Fabyan  for  seering  Candell.  vj.  ft>  at  xvjd.  Chaundler 
the  ft> ;  viij8.     Weeke  and  Cotten  Candell  xij  ft> ;  ij8. 
ixd.  vj  peeces  of  corde  and  Lyne  5  iij8.  viijd.     In  all . 

xiiij8.  vd. 

— Gyles  for  ij  dozen  di.  of  fyne  weemens  vizardes,  at  Haberdasher 
xxiiij8.  the  doozen ;  iij11.    I  tin.  vj  fyne  Turkes  vizardes 
after  xxiiij8.  the  doozen ;  xij8.     In  all  iij  doozen  vizard^. 

lxxij8. 

Thomas  Greene  the  Cofer  Maker  for  covering  the  Coffermaker 
seate  of  the  chariot  wheron  the  muzes  sate  %  for  him  T; 
his  ij  srvaunt£  attendaunce  °t  woorkf  doone  within  this 
tyme  in  all ;  xxij8.  vjd. 

John  Ogle  for  Curling  of  Heare  made  of  Black  silk  for  Property- 
discord^  heade  (being  lx  ouncf )  price  of  his  woorkman- 
shipp  theron  only  is.  vij8.  viijd. 

Rychard  Bryan  T:c.  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  1  to  Messengers 
him  pd  by  Brian  Dodmer  for  horshier  %  expences  in  tra- 
velling abowte  thaffares  of  this  office  at  this  tyme  by 


22 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


thappoyntment  of  Mr  Forteskue  1  Mr  Sackforde  sundry 
tymes  in  all,  xxvj9.  viijd. 


Buskin- 
maker 


John  Farrynton  for  inking  viij  payer  of  white  star- 
tops  of  cloth  of  sylver  1  for  theier  sowles :  viij3.  for 
making  *\  sowling  ix  paier  of  sattyn  :  ixs.  Yolow  caffa 
xij  paier  xij8  of  iij  paier  of  Buskins  one  being  cloth  of 
golde  for  Allphonse,  the  other,  ij  of  Caffa  at  xxd.  the 
paier  w*  theier  soiling  lether.  vs.  Rybbon  for  Laces  ij 
ouncf  cjj :  ijs.  vjd.  And  for  Tagging  of  Laces  :  iiijd.  In 
all :  xxxvj8.  xd. 


^°T?SarieS        Bryan  Dodmer  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  sundry 

wardes  Necessaries  at  dyvers  tymes  and  for  his  contynuall  at- 

tendaunce  %  srvice  during  the  tyme  aforeseide  in  this 

office.  xls. 


Wyer- 

drawers. 


Thomas  Leverett  for  white  Rownde  plates  turnde  in 
with  a  crest  for  xxihj  braunches  eche  bearing  iiij  (for 
lights)  at  viijd.  the  peece  :  lxiiij8.     Wyer  to  hang  them 

iiij 

by  vj  ft  at  xvjd.  the  ft :  viij8.  Greate  Wyers  that  went 
crosse  the  hall.  w.  iiij  ft  the  peece  at  xvjd.  the  ft  :  xxjs. 
iiijd,  A  lighte  for  the  churche  :  xijd.  Nailes  M  :  xvjd. 
j  ft  more  of  fyne  wyer  :  xvjd.  ij  ft  of  drawen  wyer : 
iij8.  iiijd. — iiij  ft  q>tr  greate  wyer  at  xvjd.  the  ft:  v8. 
viijd. — Doobble  plat  at  viijd.  the  peece  xv  peecf  :  x8. — 
c.c.  payer  of  elapses  :  xijd.  And  for  wagf  for  vj  of  his 
srvauntf  that  attended  %  wroute  at  the  Coorte  and  in 
thoffice  this  tyme  in  all :  xx8.  viijd.  All  which  his  mony 
for  theise  ncells  amounteth  unto :  vj11.  xvij8.  viijd. 


Paynter  for  Haunce  Eottf  for  drawing  and  paynting  of  dyvers  1 
sundry  patternes :  vS .  of  the  Chariott  T;  mownte  (wch 
Rose  made)  w*  all  the  nsonages  apparell  and  Instrumetf 
T;  setting  them  owte  in  apte  coollors  -t  such  like  srvice  by 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  23 

him  doone  in  this  office  at  this  tyme  at  the  request  T; 
apoyntment  of  Mr  Alphonse  %  thofficers  as  by  his  bill 
xu.  xvs.  reduced  by  thofficers  to :  iiiju.  xix8. 

Petrucio  for  his  travell  *\  paynes  taken  in  pparacon  Rewardes 

408-  &« 

for  the  same  mask  %  for  recompence  to  Mris  Swego  %  for  ^c* 

88. 

the  Muzisian  that  towghte  the  ladies.  In  all  iiiju.  ij8. 
v*1.  as  by  his  bill.     But  alowed  for  all  only.      lxiiij8.  vd. 

Thomas   Booreman  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  Necessaries 
Lynkes,  Torches,  T:  other  necessaries  with  Boethier  T; 
Reward^   geven    to    dyvers    porters,   Messengers    and 
woorkemen  by  the  clerkf  appointm*.  xxs. 

John  Weaver  for  mony  to  him  due  for  Buttons  of  Sylkwever 
greene  silke  and  golde  T:  for  lace  of  the  same  employed 
by  John  Arnolde  upon  a  skarfe  for  one  of  the  gentle- 
wemen  Maskers,  price  :  xjs.  viijd. 

Edwarde  Buggin  esquier  clerkcomptrowler  of  this 
Office  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  and  taken  upon  him 
to  dyvers  gsons  for  sundry  pcells  of  ware  1  srvices  fol- 
lowing :  vidz! 

To  Pecock  for  ij  peecf  of  blew  and  Crimsen  Merser. 

Tyncell  cont  xxxiiij  yardes  di.  at  viij8.  the  yrde :  xiij11. 
xvj8.  Black  Tyncell  v  yardf .  xlj8.  And  for  yolo  Sattyn 
ij  yardes  di :  xxj8.  iijd.  in  all,  xvjli.  xviij8.  iijd. 

John  Willamson  for  xlj  ells  white  Tyncell  at  vij8.  thell  Mercer. 

xiiij11.  vij8. 

Mrs  Dane  for  xlij  ells  canvasse  at  xiiijd.  thell :     xlix8.  Lynnen- 

draper. 

To  Willam  Rowe  for  Blew  tyncell  x  yardes  at  vjs.   Mercer. 


24 


EXTRACT  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


viiijd.  the  yarde  :  lxvj8.  viijd.  Crimsen  sattyn  iij  yard£  : 
xxxj8.  Crimsen  Tyncell  xx  yardes:  vju.  xiija.  iiijd. 
Blew  Tyncell  1  crimsen  lxxvij  yrdes  (tf*  at  vj8.  viijd. 
the  yarde  :  xxv11.  xiiij8.  xd.     In  all.  xxxvij11.  v8.  xd. 

Sylkwoman.  ]y[ris  Wyett  for  carnacon  and  sylver  Lawne  xxj  yardf 
iij  q*r  at  the  yarde  :  vij11.  xij8.  iijd.  Sylver  Tyncell 
xviij  yardes :  xlv8.  Ribbon  of  Silver  T;  golde  iiij  doze 
di  at        the  doze  :  xj8.  iijd. 

xu.  viij8.  vjd. 


Sylkwever 


MilHonr. 

Habber- 
dasher 

Stacionr. 

Mercer. 

Gylder. 

Fethermaker 
Mercer. 

Smyth. 

Basket- 
maker. 


John  Wever  of  Saint  Martins  for  Copp  silver  frenge 
xvij  ozce  at        the  ounce :  xxv8.  silk  heare  ij  tt>  price : 
Is .  Copp  silver  purled  and  laced  Frenge         oz)  at 
the  ounce  viij8.  vjd.  iiij11.  xiij8.  vjd. 

To  the  Millioner  for  one  yard  q>tr  of  couterfete  cloth 
of  golde  p*ce :  xxij8. 

To  —  Hobson  for  iij  doze  gold  skines  viij8. 

To  the  stacyonr  for  a  lidgr  booke  Tx.  vs.        ijd. 

To           Barnes  for  v  yrds  di.  tincell :  lxiij8. 

To           Dyrick  for  gilding  8  hedpeecf  xls. 

To  the  Fethermaker  for  Fethers  :  x8. 

To  John  Lacye  for  di.  yrde  tyncell :  xxijd. 

To  the  smith  for  lockf  and  keyes,  lc.         xij8.     viijd. 

To  the  Basketmaker  for  viij  Moldf  for  heade  peecf  : 
xvj8.  One  greate  Baskett :  ix8.  for  bringing  and  mend- 
ing the  other  baskettf  in  thoffice ;  va.  xxxs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  25 

To  a  Bargeman  for  cariages  by  watr  xs. :  Cariage 

To  John  Farrington  for  ij  ffelt?  :  xxd. 

To  the  Porters  that  watched  all  nighte  at  the  black  Rewardes 
Fryars  brydge  for  the  cummyng  of  the  stuf  from  the 
Coorte :  ij9. 

To  the  woorkmen  that  wayted  on  the  Mask  all  nighte  Rewardes 
who  had  no  tyme  to  eate  theyer  supper  xvj  of  them  by 
way  of  Rewardes  in  all :  vij8. 

vji.  liijs. 

To  Thomas  Clatterbooke  for  billet?  for  Coles,  1  for  ffewell 
Nayles  for  a  chariot :  x8.  ijd. 

For  his  owne  °t  his  servaunt?  expences  in  botehier  Botehierand 
Lynk?  1  sundry  other  necessaries  boughte  1  reward?  Necessaries, 
geven  to  Messengrs,  w*in  this  tyme  in  all :  xx8. 

To  Mr.  Arnolde  Yoman  of  thoffice  for  Threade  of  Necessaries, 
sundry  sort?  cullers  and  pric?  su  in  Bowlt?  %  su  by  ft> : 
c.x8.  xd.  Tape  j  ft)  v8.  %  iij  pec?  iij8. :  viij8.  past  pap  : 
xxiij8.  pack  threade :  iijd.  Nailes  :  vjd.  Hookes  and  eyes : 
vjd.  silke:  xijd.  Corde:  ij8.  Bent?:  iij8.  Cotten  to 
makeRowles:  vj8.  Rybbon  for  poyntyng :  ix8.  Pinnes 
a  thowsand:  xijd.  Gloves:  lix8.  vjd.  Sweete  water: 
iij8.  iiijd.  Billett?  :  vj8.  Rushes  :  vij8.  iiijd.  Bote  hier : 
xxd.  Cariages :  iij8.  Seering  Candell :  iiijd.  other  light? : 
vjd.     Rewardes  :  iij8.     In  all :  xij11.  ix8.  ixd. 

All  whiche  mony  amounteth  unto  :  ex11,  xv8.  iiijd. 

Walter  Rippon  for  a  Chariett  w*  all  manner  of  Neces-  Waggon- 
saries  therto  belonging  wch  srved  at  the  Tryumphe  in  maker- 
the  nighte  at  Whitehall,  %  there  broke  and  spoyled  as  the 
clerk  was  enformed.  vu.  vij8. 


26 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


June  xiiijt0.        Sma  of  all  theise  Emptions  and  provisions  for  the  seide 

Maske  w*  all  the  expencf  1  alowauncf  (besides  the 

wages  afore  settowte)  amounteth  unto 

c.cccix11.  iij8.  ijd. 

ex.    John  Fortescue, 
Henry  Sekeforde. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Thomas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold, 


June  yet  in 
anno  RRI1£B 
Elizabeth 
xiiijto. 


Wages  to 
thartifficrs 
and  gar- 
nishee. 


The  Banketting  Howse  made  at  White  Hall  (then) 
for  Thentertaynement  of  the  seide  Duke  did  drawe  the 
Charges  ensuing  for  the  Covering  therof  with  Canvasse. 
The  Decking  therof  with  Birche  1  Ivie.  And  the  fret- 
ting and  garnishing  therof  with  fflowers,  T:  Comparte- 
mentf ,  w*  pendente  T:  armes  paynted  T;  gilded  for  the 
purpose.  The  ffloore  therof  being  all  strewed  with  Roze 
leaves  pickt  %  sweetned  w*  sweete  waters  ^tc.  The 
wages  for  the  dooing  wherof.  Themptios  and  provi- 
zions  therefore :  Together  w*  Rewardes  and  alowances 
Incident  As  also  the  partyes  Names  to  whome,  by 
whome,  T:  wherfore  the  same  was  payde  (1  is  to  be 
alowed)  pticculerly  ensue : 

vidS 

John  Drawater  for  mony  by  him  paide  unto  30.  Bas- 
ketmakers,  that  made  the  frettf ,  3  drawers  of  the  pat- 
ternes  for  them  according  to  the  measure  of  the  walls, 
Roofe,  %  Windowes,  17  Plasterers  %  others  that  Lathed 
the  howse  all  the  Inside  to  fasten  the  birche  unto :  66 
Labowrers  or  rather  Deckers  of  the  howse  with  Birche 
T:  Ivie  in  all,  1 16  nsons ;  xxju.  xvij8.  And  for  Botehier, 
Reward^  to  messengers  T:  expencf  in  vittelling  himselfe 
T:  iij  of  his  ffellows ;  xxv8.  vjd.     In  all 

xxiij11,  ijs.  vjd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  27 

XX 

Nycholas  Stubbe  for  iiij  viij  Lodes  of  Birche  ;  xv11.  Byrche  and 
viijs.     For  flowers ;  lixs.  vjd.     Ivye  v  Lodes  with  the  fflowers  to 
Cariage ;  Is.  and  for  Horshier,  Botehier,  $  Reward^  to 
him  selfe  T:  others  travelling  and  attending  aboute  the 
provision  aforeseide  :  xxxv8.  viijd.  all :      xxiju.  xiijs.  ijd.  . 

John  Sepeham  for  flowers  and  other  necessaries  by  him  fflowers  &c. 
pvyded  at  Kingston  1  browghte  to  white  hall.  v2 .  Base  to  Sarnishe- 
Rope  %  Lyne  bounde  rownde  aboute  with  fflowers  1560 
ffadam;  c.vj8.  Flowers  xij  Baskettf  full;  xs.  Pack- 
threade  xxx  ft;  xv8.  Crowne  garland^  of  Roses,  x; 
vj8.  viijd.  Roses  x  bushels ;  viij8.  iiijd.  Strewing  herbes 
T:  sweete  flowers ;  xj8.  viijd.  Torches  Lynkf  T;  other 
lightf;  viij8.  vjd.  Reward^  by  him  paid  to  sundry 
wrkemen  %  women  that  wroughte  nighte  %  daye ;  xviij8. 
xd.  His  owne  Rewarde  for  all  his  paynes;  xl8.  Bote 
hier  T:  other  Cariages  in  all ;  viij8.  vjd.  all  as  by  his 
booke  appereth.  pd.  by  Mr  Forteskue  xju.  xiij9.  vjd. 

John  Robinson  for  flowers  broughte  in  to  the  Cockpitt  fflowers  &c. 

at  White  Hall  w*  other  necessaries  v2 .     Flowers  of  all  to  garnisn 

.  together  wl 

sortf  taken  up  by  comyssion  %  gathered  in  the  feeldes ;   wages  &c. 

ix11.  xiiij8.  iiijd.     Base  Rope  xxx  fadom  in ;  xx8. — sand- 

wiche  corde,  packthreade,  twyne,  bynding  threade  T: 

needells  in  all ;  lxx8.  ijd.     Flaskettf  T:  Baskettf  to  carry 

the  flowers;  ix8.   for  Botehier  from  Brayneforde  and 

abowte  the  same  preparacons ;  x8.    Wages  by  him  payd 

to  214  Woorkfolkes  the  most  of  them   being  women 

that  gathered  bownde  and  sorted  the  flowers  w*  reward^ 

by  him  pd/in  all ;  xju.  xij8.  vjd.    Lynkf  and  other  lightf 

by  him  bowghte ;  iiij8.     And  for  his  owne  Rewarde  for 

all  his  paynes  travell  %  attendaunce;  xxvj8.  viijd.     In 

all :  xxviij11.  vj8.  viijd. 

XX 

John  Whitwell  for  Cariage  of  iiij  ix  Lodes  of  Byrche  Cariage  of 

Birche  &c. 


28  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

from  sundry  places  browghte  to  White  Hall  by  sundry 
persons  at  sundry  rates  as  the  prveior  compounded  and 
as  appereth  more  Lardgely  in  his  booke ;  xju.  xvs. 

fflowers,  &c.  Willam  Hunnys  for  Rozes  xlvj  Bushells ;  xlvj9.  Pinkf 
and  privett  fflowers  in  all;  xiij9.  iiijd.  Hiiny  suckells 
vj  bushells  5  xijd.  more  Roses  xxxiij  bushells  w*  basket^ ; 
xxxiiij9.  xd.  privett  flowers  xix  bushells;  xij3.  viijd. 
Strewing  herbes  xij  bushells;  vs.  Baskettf;  ij8.  viijd. 
Glasse  Bottells  ij  of  iiij  gallons ;  iiij9.  Rose  Water  iiij 
gallons ;  xK    Botehier  T;  portage  v8.  viijd.     In  all : 

viij11.  v8.  ijd. 

Rewardes.  Henri  Sackforde  esquier  for  Reward^  by  him  geven 

upon  the  necessitie  of  expedicon  emongs  the  men  %  Wo- 
men wrking  all  Nighte  upo  the  premiss^  T;  for  making 
kleane  the  banketting  howse  %  keeping  the  dores  in  all 

xlix8.  vjd. 

Cariage  &c.        Willam  Boorne  for  mony  by  him  paide  for  cariage  of 
Rewardes        yj  Lodeg  of  jyye  fr-  skot]and  to  White  Hall  ^  f()r  flowers 

with  tables  and  tressells  T:  his  owne  paynes  ij  daies  %  one 
nighte.     In  all  x8.  ijd. 

victualls  Bryan  Dodmer  for  Breade  and  Cheese  Tic.  to  serve  the 

hor^hier  and  P^asterers  ^nat  wrowghte  all  the  nighte  T:  mighte  not  be 
Rewardes.  spared  nor  trusted  to  go  abrode  to  supper  %  for  iij  greate 
steanes  %  iij  drinking  pottf  in  all;  xiiij9.  and  for  his 
owne  attendaunce  T:  service  wth  his  srvaunt£  travell  to  % 
fro  abowte  the  jJmissf  theier  horshyer,  Botehier,  expencf 
of  diet  *\  for  Lynckf  T:  Reward^  unto  messengers  run- 
nyng  betweene  saint  James  T:  the  Coorte  Tx.  sundry 
tymes  T:  for  cariage  of  dyvers  necessaries  to  T;  fro  in  all. 
xls.  paid  by  Mr.  Forteskue  liiij3. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  29 

Awdryan   Awdrianson   for  Wicker  Roddf  to   make   Basket- 
frettf ;  xxxvs.  the  Cariage  fro  eschepe  to  White  Hall ;  ma  er* 
xxd.     In  all.  xxxvj9.  viijd. 

Vander  Valloy  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  Roddf  Basket- 
of  seasoned  wyckers  30  bundells  ;  lxv8.     Hoopes,  200 ;  maker- 
viij8.     Nayles ;  xijd.     Cariages  by  water  and  Land ;  ij9. 
vjd.     Wages  for  hym  selfe  besides  viij9.  before  paid  by 
F.  Drawater ;  iiij8.  vjd.  iiij11.  xijd. 

Willam  Lyzarde  for  x  peecf  and  pendente  fastned  to  Painter  and 
them  of  iiij  foote  over ;  iiij11.  iiij  pendente  of  xiiij  inches  ms  Perce'ls* 
over ;  xv8.   xvj  pendente  of  x  Inches ;  xxxij8*   viij  doo- 
zen  Roses ;  iiij11.   ij  dozen  di.  of  fflowerdeluces ;  xv8.  for 
patternes  x8.  all  paynted  gylded  %  bestowed  on  the  seide 
howse  for  the  better  garnishing  *\  setting  foorth  therof. 

xju.  xij8. 

Thomas  Mathew  for  Nayles  of  all  sortC  dd  to  Mr  For-  Ironmonger, 
tescue  then  %  there  employed  and  for  ij  peececes  of  base 
Rope  in  all.  lxxviij8.  xd. 

John  Capp  %  Richard  Warmingham  for  theier  service  Rewardes 
daye  T;  nighte  whiles  the  birche  was  browghte  in  untill 


saries. 


it  was  employed  %  for  mony  by  them  disbursed  for  iiij 
greate  knyves  to  cutt  the  Birche  T:  vj  Linckf,  iij  canvas 
baggs  to  conteyne  %  carry  the  Nailes  T:  certeyne  pack- 
threde  to  the  deckers,  T:  for  kepping  the  byrche  from 
sealing,  J,  serving  the  birchers  %  lathers  T;c.  in  all.   xx8. 

Mris  Dane  for  xx11  peecf  of  Vandelas  to  cover  the  Ban-  Lynen  dra- 
kettinghowse  conteyning  in  the  whole  1006  ells,  at  xiijd.  ' 
thell ;  liiij11.  ix8.  xd.    Itm  more  for  xvij  ells  of  the  same 
rate  vS.  xiijd. ;  xviij8.  vd.     And  for  130  ells  Canvas  at 
xijd.  the  ell;  vj11.  x8.     In  all  lxj11.  xviij8.  iijd. 


30  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Wages  of  Robert  Welton  for  his  owne  wages  T:  the  wages  of 

Taillers  xy-    «paylers    by   him    paid    for   Wrkmanshipp    doone 

upon  the  same  Canvas  to  Coover  the  howse  in  all. 

xlijs.  xjd. 

Wages  or  Thomas  Hales  for  cutting  owte  of  the  Canvas  1  fitting 

Rewardes.      the  same  for  the  howse  %  for  his  attendaunce  %  ordering 

therof.  XXs. 

fflowers  ne-         John  Forteskue  esquier  for  mony  by  his  owne  handf  dis- 

cessanes  and  kurse(j  dyVers  %  SUndrv  waies  for  thexpedicon  furnishing 
Rewardes  wl  .  J .  J  r  ° 

Botehier  &c.  ^  garnishing  therof.     To  John  Barber  for  flowers ;  lxx3. 

To  Wm  Rowden  and  Rowlande  for  flowers  T:  rewarde  for 

srvice  done,  lvj9.    John  Trice  for  fflowers  T;  Rose  water ; 

c.xjs.  vjd.    To  Robert  Jones  for  Ivie ;  xviij3.  for  Candel- 

stickf  w*  lightf ;   xxvj3.  viijd.    for  Thred  %  Iyer ;  xvjs. 

viijd.     Cariages  sundry  tymes  of  sundry  things  incident 

to  the  jJmissf  ;  xxiij3.  iiijd.     Botehier ;  xxvj3.  viijd.     To 

gregory  Glazier  for  flowers  *\  wrk£ ;    iiij11.     To   John 

Browne  for  setting  up  T:  taking  downe  the  canvas ;  xij3. 

And  to  sundry  other  psons  by  him  uzed  in  the  seide 

srvice  as  the  necessitie  of  and  aid  therin  required ;  lxvj3. 

viijd.    In  all  as  by  his  notes  therof  appeereth. 

xxv11.  vij3.  vjd. 

Sma  of  theise  Chargf  for  the  Bankettinghowse  made 
in  June  aforesaide.  ccxxiiij11.  vjs.  xd. 

June  anno  Sma  of  all  theise  Charges  growen  w*in  the  tyme  afore- 

RRna?  Eliz.     Saide  Bothe  for  the  Maske  and  also  for  the  Banketting- 
prd.  xiiiito. 

howse  amounteth  together  unto       D.cc.xxx11.  xviij8.  vjd. 

John  Fortescue. 
Henry  Sekeforde. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Tfromas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  31 

Ayryng  Repayryng,  Layeng  abrode  Turning  sowing,  July,  Au- 
amending,    Tacking,    Spunginge,    wyping,    Brushing,  &us*»  ^eP" 
Making   Cleane,  ffowlding,  suting,  putting   in   order,   October 
Layeng  up  and  safe  Bestowing  of  the  Garment^,  Ves-  Anno  RR°ffl 
tures  1  ffurniture  w*  the  stuf,  store  and  Implement^  of  ^  Novem- 
the  saide  Office  for  the  safegarde,  Refreshing,  and  Redy-  ber  anno 
nesse  therof,  Doone  at  sundry  tymes  as  the  Necessitie  Ef-gni  r/™ 
therof  Required.     Betwene  the  first  of  July  and  the  last  xvt0. 
of  November  aforesaide  wroughte  fl  attended  upon  by 
the  parties  ffollowinge  as  theier  Nuber  of  daies  severall 
wages  T:  alowauncf  here  after  appere.  vid3 

Taylers  and  others  woorking  and  attending  the  pre- 
missf.  Sma  xxix11.  vj8.  viijd. 

daies  li. 

The  Mr  at  iiij8.  by  the  daye  40  viij  Officers  for 

The  Clerkcomptrowler  at  ij8.  p  die   40  iiij  theier  diett. 

The  Clerk  at  ij8.  by  the  daie 40  iiij  Vldz' 

The  Yoman  at  ij8.  by  the  daie  40  iiij 

Sma  of  all  theise  Wages.  xlixu.  vj8.  viijd. 


John  Arnolde  Yoman  of  this  Office  for  mony  by  him  Necessaries, 
disbursed  for  Thredd  of  sundry  cullers;  vj8.  viijd. 
Brushes  of  sundry  sortf  redd  %  white  ;  vs.  iiijd.  Fewell  ; 
xxvj8.  viijd.  Nayles,  Hamers,  Pincers  %  other  neces- 
saryes  from  the  Ironmunger;  vj8.  Lyghtf,  Corde,  T: 
other  chaundry  ware;  vij8.  Glew  T:  a  melting  pott; 
xiiijd.  a  hatchett;  xvjd.  Dust  baskettf;  xvjd.  A 
shovell ;  viijd.  Broomes ;  xijd.  Boordes,  Rafters,  T: 
Waynskott  to  mend  the  small  presses  T;  to  make  shelves 
%  pticions;  xx8.  Bowltf,  Hookes,  Henges,  Lockf  % 
Keyes ;  viij8.  Rubbers  T:  spunges ;  ij8.  Rushes ;  vj8. 
viiijd.  Sma  iiij11.  xiij8.  xd. 


32  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OP 

July  August  Sma  of  all  the   Chargf  growen   w4in   the   same  v 

September  Monpthps                                                                       Kffiu  vjd. 

and  October  Monetnes-                                                                      11UJ  •  VJ  • 

anno  RRU8B  John  Fortescae. 

E}™;  Prd-  Edward  Buggyn. 

xmjt0  and  m             w  v*9 

November  Thomas  Blagrave. 

xvt0.  John  Arnold, 


December  New  making,  Translating,  Repayring,  ffytting,  ffur- 

pokruS  an  nisnmg>  Garnishing  and  attending  the  wares,  apparell, 
RRn5B  Eliz.  properties,  stuf,  store,  and  Implement^  of  the  seide 
Office  for  the  apte  setting  foorthe  of  Sundry  Playes  and 
Maskf  w4  other  sporty  %  pastymes  for  her  Mate  Recrea- 
c6n  showen  this  yeare  in  Christmas  %  Shrovetyde  at 
Hampto  Coorte  and  at  Greenewiche  the  Chargf  wherof 
growen  aswell  by  meanes  of  Wages  as  Emptions  %  pro- 
vizions  over  and  besides  the  warderob  stuf  hereafter  pti- 
culerly  ensueth 

vidzl. 
Taylers  %  others  working  T;  attending  the  premisses 
the  first  at  xxd.  the  p  die,  and  all  the  rest  at  xijd. 

c.xvij11.  ix9.  iiijd. 


XV 


Paynters  xxij11.  iiij8.  iiijd. 

Willam  Lyzard  for  gilding  %  paynting  sundry  things 
at  his  howse  vidzl .  Patternes  for  psonages  of  Men  % 
Women  in  strange  attyer,  hedepeecf ,  dishes  for  frutes 
%  ffishes  in  all :  xxs.  iiijd. 

Bryan  Dodmer  for  his  Attendaunce  %  service  doone 
in  the  seid  Office  dyvers  and  sundry  waies  within  the 
same  tyme  T,  in  full  satisfacon  for  all  his  disbursement^ 
for  necessaries  imployed  in  the  seide  office  T:  expencf  in 
the  affares  therof  for,  cs.  by  him  demaunded.  In  the 
whole  alowed  but ;  lxvj8.  viijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  83 

Proptymakers,  Imbroderers,  Habberdasherf  and  theier 
srvaunt£  1  attendant^  by  the  daye  at  \        xlv11.  viijs.  xd. 

daies  nights  li.         s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij8.  p  diem ;    ...  80  ...   17  xix    viij   Offycers  for 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ijs. ;  ...  80  ...  17  ix  xiiij   theier  diett 

The  Clerke  at  ij 80  ...  17  ix  xiiij       vidz' 

The  Yomen  at  ij    80  ...  17  ix  xiiij 

xlviij       x 

Sma  of  all  the  Wages  in  December,  January,  and 
February  a°  RRn8e  Eliz.  jJd.  xvt0*       cc.xxxvij11.  xix8.  vjd. 

exr.     John  Fortescue. 
Henri/  Sekeforde. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Thomas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold. 

Emptions  %  provizions  for  Christmas  T:c.  as  before  a0 
RRnaj  EliS.  xvto  vidzl 

XX 

Philipp  Gunter  for  iiij  iiij  peecf  of  Buckeram  at  iiij9.  thupholster. 
the  peece  amounting  unto ;  xvju.  xvjs. 

John  Arnolde  for  iiij  ft  Redd  Thred ;  xiij8.  iiijd.  for  Necessaries, 
iij  ft  Blew  Thred ;  xs.  for  ij  ft  di.  of  gold  thred ;  viij8. 
iiijd.  iij  ft  di.  of  greene  thred  xj8.  viijd.  iij  ft  Black 
Thred  ;  vj8.  x  ft  di.  White  thredd  ;  xxxiij8.  iiijd.  For 
Cariage  of  Rubbish  owte  of  the  howses;  xijd.  For 
flower  to  make  paste ;  vjd.  Pap ;  iiijd.  ij  oz.  di.  of  sylke 
Vs.  Tape  iij  qf*  of  ft  iij8.  Bumbast  to  make  snoballs ; 
vs.  vjd.  Lynnen  cloth  to  lyne  a  Jerken  %  slops  for  Far- 
rantf  soon  ;  ijs.  iiijd.  For  Glew  %  paste ;  xijd.  Cruell 
to  cut  for  frozen  headf ;  vj8.  Arsedue  to  cut  for  the 
same  headf ;  ij8.  Bumbast  to  stuf  Rowles  for  the 
Turkf  heade;  ij8.  vjd.     Cotten  to  lyne  the  Jerken  % 


34  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

slopps  aforeseide;  ij8.  ijd.  Gloves  for  the  Children  of 
Eaten,  ij  dozen  x8.  Gloves  for  Maskers,  vj  paier ;  iiij8. 
Gloves  for  Torchebearers  vj  paier;  iij8.  Pinnes.  M; 
xijd.  Tape.  di.  ft;  ij8.  Cariage  of  Basketf  to  %  fro 
the  water  syde;  ij8.  Rewards  to  the  Taylers;  iij8. 
Horshyer  T;  charges  at  Hampton  Coorte  in  the  Christmas ; 
x8.  For  Bentf  for  fardngales ;  v8.  iiijd.  Red  thred.  j 
ft> ;  iij8.  iiijd.  Blew  thred.  j  ft) ;  iij8.  iiijd.  White  thred 
iiij  ft)  di.  xv8.  Cotten  8  yards  to  lyne  ij  pe  of  hoze  for 
Mukesters  playe  ;  ij8.     Yolow  T:  greene  thred  ij  ft)  vj8. 

xij  xijs.  xij  vitfg. 

viijd.  Feltf  for  Women  1  feltf  for  men,  xx8.  More 
bentf ;  iij8.  iiijd.  Gloves  for  the  children  of  Wynsor,  ij 
doze,  T:  for  maskers  xvj  pe  xx8.  iiijd.  Black  thred  j  bolte ; 
iiij8.  pinnes  %  tape ;  xvd.  Flowers  T;  past ;  vjd.  Re- 
wardc  to  the  Taylers  %  Habberdashers ;  iiij8.  White 
thred  iij  ft);  xs.  Botehier  1  chargf  at  Kingston  on 
newyeres  daie,  v8.  The  chargf  there  on  twelf  daie  wl 
bothyer;  vij8.  ijd.  Billetf  M;  xiij8.  iiijd.  Coles  for 
thimbroderer ;  vjd.  Bumbast  to  stuf  the  Rowles  of  the 
hattf  for  the  wemen  maskers,  ij8.  viijd.  Coles  xij8. 
Shethes  for  maryners;  xijd.  White  Thred  ij  ft);  vj8. 
viijd.  Pynnes  %  Tape ;  xiijd.  Redd  Thred ;  xxd.  j  ft) 
blew  thred ;  iij9.  iiijd.  more  Red  Threde  j  ft)  di ;  v9. 
other  coollerd  thred  ;  ij9.  vjd.  Gloves  for  Munkesters 
boyes  ij  dozJ .  x8.  Black  gloves  xij  paier  ;  iij9.  Pinnes 
1  tape;  iiij8.  vjd.  Gloves  (1  dozen)  for  the  Ladye 
Maskers ;  x9.  for  the  Lordf  gloves ;  vj9.  vjd.  for  the 
Torcheberers  gloves;  iij3.  Past  pap;  iiij9.  cariage  T: 
recarriage  of  basket^  ij9.  xvij11.  xij8. 

pro     t  _  John  Carow  for  sparres  to  make  frames  for  the  players 

maker  and      howses ;  ix8.  vjd.     Canvas,  at  xd.  thell  for  a  monster  vij 
his  percells.    eus  .  vs#  xd#     ^  nett  for  the  pishers  maskers ;  x8.  vid. 

3  Jb.  J  J 

for  wooll  to  stuf  the  fishes ;  xijd.    ij  speares  for  the  play 
of  Cariclia;  xvjd.     A  tree  of  Holly  for   the  Duttons 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  35 

playe ;  iijs.  iiijd.  other  Holly  for  the  forest ;  xijd.  A 
Traye  for  Fishermen;  vijd.  A  mace;  xijd.  Turky 
bowes ;  ij8.  Arrowes ;  xijd.  sparres  caryed  to  hampton 
coorte ;  ijs.  packthred ;  iiijd.  A  planke ;  xijd.  A  new 
fawchyn,  iijs.  iiijd.  the  mending  of  v  ffawchins  ;  vs.  A 
Palmers  staf;  xijd.  A  Desk  for  farrantf  playe  iijs. 
Boordes  to  brace  the  scaffoldf ;  vjd.  A  vyzarde  for  an 
apes  face ;  iijs  iiijd.  Glew  j  ft> ;  iijd.  A  keye  for  Janus ; 
ijs.  A  Monster;  xx8.  An  awlter  for  theagines;  iij8. 
iiijd.  Dishes;  iiijd.  Eggf  coiiterfet  vij  doozen;  xiiij8. 
Roches  coiiterfet  vjs.  Whitings  xxiiij  ;  vj8.  Knyves 
for  marrynrs;  xijd.  Thornebackf;  iiij8.  Smeltf  iij 
doze ;  iij8.  Mackerells ;  iij8,  Flownders ;  iij8.  An 
Image  of  canvas  stuft ;  iij8.  Boordf  to  beare  lightf  for 
the  hall;  iiij8. — cariage  of  the  Awlter  from  the  Warde- 
robe  to  Powles  wharf;  iiijd.  A  Ladder;  .xviijd.  A 
ffootepace  of  iij   stepps  w4  Jointf  x8.     Nayles  v.c.  of 

C.  300 

single  tenns ;  iiij8.  ijd.  Dubble  tens ;  xviijd — syxpeny 
nayles;  xviijd.  —  three  peny  nayles;  ixd.  —  twopeny 
nayles ;  viijd.  Tackf  vjd.  Hoopes  for  the  monster ;  xd. 
In  all.  viju.  xj8.  iijd. 

Robert  Moorer  for  suger  plate;  xij8.  viijd.  Musk  Thappoti- 
kumfettf  j  ft) ;  ijs.  iiijd.  Corianders  prepared  j  tb ;  xxd.  p^efia 
Clove  Cufettf  j  ft)  ijs.  iiijd.  Synamon  kufettf ;  iij8. 
Rose  water  j  quarte  T;  j  pynte  of  spike  water ;  iij8.  iiijd. 
Gynger  Cufettf  j  ft) ;  ij8.  All  whiche  served  for  fflakes 
of  yse  1  hayle  stones  in  the  Maske  of  Janus,  the  Rose 
water  sweetened  the  balls  made  for  snowball^  jJsented  to 
her  Matie  by  Janus.  xxvij8.  iiijd. 

John  Arnolde  yoman  of  thoffice  for  mony  by  him  paid  Paynting 
to  Arnolde  the  paynter  for  the  picture  of  Andromadas ; 
x9.     1  To  Anthony  the  basketmaker  for  patternes;  x8. 
in  all.  xx8. 

d2 


36 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Banketting 
frutes  neces- 
saryes 

Botehier 
and  Re- 
wardes 


Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  mony  by  him  disbursed 
in  Rewarde  to  Muzitians  that  plaide  at  the  proofe  of 
Duttons  play ;  ijs.  vjd.  To  Robert  Baker  for  drawing  of 
patternes  for  the  playe  of  fortune  %  altering  the  same  ; 
vj8.  viijd.  For  suger  for  Marchepane  stuf  at  xiijd.  ob. 
the  lb  viij  tt> ;  ix9.  Almons.  v  ft>  vs.  fFyne  Cakes  iij 
doozen ;  vij8.  vjd.  Gu  Dragacanth ;  iiijd.  Rose  water 
1  pynte  :  xiiijd.  Baskettf  ix  T,  a  mace  wickerd  by  van- 
dervaloy  ;  xs.  Gowlde  leaves  to  gilde  the  Marchepane 
stuf  5  xijd.  Almonds  againe,  iij  ft)  di.  iijs.  vjd.  Baskett^ 
boughte  of  Adrianson  ij  ijs.  Frutf  for  Banketting  ;  ij9. 
ixd.  Lynkf  %  botehier;  xxd.  Portage  to  %  fro  the 
watr  syde  ;  xiiijd.  Banketting  frutes  iij  ft)  di  at  iij9. 
iiijd.  the  ft)  xj9.  viijd.     Dishes  of  suger  vj  ;  xij8.     For 

preserved 

Marmellad ;  xijd.  Cloves  %  saferne ;  ijd.  Quincf  j  ft)  ;  ij9. 
viijd.  Cloves;  iiijd.  Botehier  to  the  Coorte  w*  %  for 
Mr  Forteskue ;  xviijd.  the  hier  of  a  Bardge  for  a  Maske; 
vij8.  for  portage  pd.  to  Lam;  iij9.  vjd.  A  Whirey  to  T; 
fro  grenewiche ;  ij9.  pap  for  the  baskettf  of  fFrute ;  xiiijd. 
Cariage  of  a  Hamp  to  %  fro  Billingsgate ;  iiijd.  To 
Thomas  Booreman  for  spicf  by  him  pvided;  iij9.  To 
Boorne  for  lending  his  skales  T;  weighty  ;  iiijd.  Botehier 
to  T;  fro  grenewiche  ;  ij9.  vjd.  Egg£.  c. ;  ij9.  ixd.  syna- 
mon  T:  gynger ;  xxijd.  to  Mr  Buggyn  for  mony  by  him 
pd.  for  botehier  T:  barge  hier  to  the  Coorte  on  shrove- 
tewsdaie ;  x9.  Frut£  coiiterfete  bowghte  of  Brayne 
thappoticary ;  xs.  To  Wm  Buston  for  his  Bardge  iij 
Nightf  at  shrovtide ;  xxvj9.  horshyer  T:  Waggonhier  w* 
charge  at  Hampton  Coorte;  liiij9.  Lynkf  T:  torches 
there  ;  iiij8.  iiijd.  Reward^  there  ;  iiij9.  xd.  Billettf  ij 
Thowsand  di.  bowghte  of  Newman ;  xxxiij9.  iiijd.  A 
Table ;  v9.  Wyer  1  hookes ;  ij9  vjd.  Rewardf  to  boyes ; 
viijd.  To  Benbow  for  playeng  in  the  Monster  :  ij9.  vjd. 
And  to  Robinson  for  Wrkemanship  T;  neccies  ;  vj9.  viijd. 

xiijH.  vj9.  xd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  37 

Thomas   Leverett  for  small   Candelstickf  iiij   doze;   Wier- 
viijs.    For  xij  high  Candelstickf ;  vjs.    vice  candelstickf  drawers  per- 

xij  ;  xijs.  Dubble  plate  (ix)  candelstickf ;  ijs.  viijd.    Bel- 

.  ....  3 

lowes  lj  payer ;  vj8.  viijd.  Lanthornes  of  middle  syze  ;  xs. 

One  greate  Lanthorne;  v8.  Bastard  wyer,  ij  ft>;  ij8. 
Lattyn  wyer,  j  fb ;  xxd.  Come  brushes  to  dresse  the 
heares;  ijs.  Lattyn  Rings;  xijd.  one  qfr.  of  Lattyn; 
vjd.  Rose  Nayles ;  viijd.  Spanish  Needells ;  xxd.  Ano- 
ther greate  lanthorne ;  v8.  A  chayne  T:  hooke  to  hang- 
it  by  in  an  entery ;  xiiijd.  long  Spanish  nedells  ij  ;  iiijd. 
Packneedells ;  ijd.  square  packneedells ;  viijd.  One  shipp 
for  frankensens;  iij8.  iiijd.  One  greate  rownde  plate; 
xijd.  Fyne  wyer  di.  fb  viijd.  Keye  cheyne  xij  yerds ; 
viij8.     Rownde  plates  for  sockettf ;  xxxij8.     Wyer  to 

di.  lb. 

hang  them  by ;  iij8.  Nayles  M. ;  xxd.  Bynding  wyer ; 
xijd.  c.xvij8.  xd. 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  more  mony  by  him  payde  Mouldes  for 
for  Mowldes  to  cast  the  frutes  1  ffishes  in  %  to  the  the  frutes- 
weeme  that  tempred  the  stuf  T:  made  up  the  same ;    xx8. 

William  Pilkington  for  ij  peecf  of  greene  garding  for  Thimbro- 
ij  patternes ;  iij8.  iiijd.  The  patterne  of  a  heade  peece  derer. 
with  leaves  of  Cloth  of  golde ;  vj8.  viijd.  Thimbrodering 
of  iiij  yardf?  di  of  yolow  garding  Imployed  on  the  mores 
headf ;  xv8.  pasting  T:  ty ting  of  sattyn  for  vj  head  peecf  ; 
iij8.  iiijd.  for  iiij  yardf  garding  for  ij  Myters ;  xiij8.  iiijd. 
A  patterne  for  a  hed  peece  with  comptemtf;  vj9.  viiijd. 
for  making  of  a  yarde  di  more  of  yolo  garding  to  pforme 
the  Fyshers  capps ;  v8.  Iiij8.  iiij d. 

Thomas   Clatterbooke   for    Nayles;    iiijd.      Browne  Necessaries 
7  ib.  r  Botehier 

Thredd  for  the  paynters;  ij8.     Lockf  for  the  basketf   Cariag-es 

vj  ;  ij8.   vehement  for  Meazures  ;  ijd.     Buttons  for  Bus-   and  Re- 
kins  %  Jerkyns;  iij8.     Botehier  to   Kingsto  on  twelfe  wardes 


,    38  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Nighte ;  ij9.  Thred  at  Kingsto ;  xvjd.  Cariage  of  stuf 
from  Kingston  to  the  Coorte  %  back  agayne;  iij8.  A 
Bardge  to  cary  all  the  stuf  fro  Kingsto  to  Brydewell ; 
xij9.  vjd.  fro  Bridewell  to  saint  Jones;  xvjd.  vyzardf 
vj  ;  XVs.  Buttos  j  groce  ;  xijd.  foyle  for  vyzardf  ;  viijd. 
Billet?  %  Coles ;  xd.  xlv8.  ijd. 

~    , .  John  Farrington  for  making  of  vj.  payer  of  wte  velvett 

maker.  Buskins  at  xxd.  the  payer  fynding  lether  him  selfe  for 

the  sowles ;  xs.    for  making  of  iij  payer  more  of  Rone 

2 

lether  T:  wte  velvett  at  xvjd.  the  payer :  iiij8.  for  one 
Roneskin ;  xxd.  for  Buckels  ;  ijd.  And  for  making  of 
iij  payer  of  crymsen  satin  Buskins  ;  iiij8.  xixs.  xd. 

Habber-  John  Owgle  senior  for  viij  long  white  Berdf  at  xxd. 

Be^rdes^nd   the  PeeCe  5   xiiJS>    ^     Aberne  Berd^   9  ^  J   Blackfy- 

heare  &c.        zicians  bearde  ;  xiiijs.  viijd.     Berds  White  T:  Black  vj  ; 

viij3.     Heares  for  palmrs  ij  ;  ij3.  viijd.    Berdf  for  fyshers 

vj  ixs.     Curled  heare  for  fyshers  Capps ;  xijd.     Redd 

-  Berdf  vj  ;  ix8.  lvij8.  viijd. 

Silkwaver.  Willam  Bowll  j)veyor  of  ffrenge  T;  Lace  T:c.  for  mony 

by  him  disbursed  for  Frenge  T;  bone  Lace  Tx  of  fyne 
copp  sylver  at  xviijd.  the  o3.  M.  iiij  oz.  •  lxxv11. 

vijs.  iiijd.  ob     Freng  of  cullerd  sylk  T;  thred  at  xij  the 

l.R.  ij.R. 

oz.  xv  ozcf .  XVs.  Pap  Riall  T;  other  pap  for  patternes 
Tx,  xxxij3.  Spangles  at  xijd.  the  M8M;  viiij3.  But- 
tons T;  tassells  of  Copp  silver  at  ijs.  the  o3.  c.c.lxiij  oz. 
di.  qrtr;  xxvj11.  vj3.  iijd.  Spanggles  at  viijd.  the  M  10000; 
vjs.  viiijd.  Buttons  at  8d.  the  doze  ij  doze  di. ;  xxd. 
Flowers  ;  xiij8.  iiijd.  Fyne  white  Lam  to  make  snoballs 
8  skinnes  at  vd.  the  peece ;  iij8.  iiijd.  Fethers  for  hattf 
at  xvjd.  the  pece  4 ;  v8.  iiijd.  Boxes  Lardge  iiij  ;  iiij3. 
iiijd.  Lace  at  xxd.  tho3.  clxxviij  oz.  di. ;  xiiij11.  xvij8. 
viijd.     Buttons  fyne  wroght  of  Copp  sylver  for  head?  1 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  39 

deepe  frenge  at  28.  6d.  the  o3.  xxv  oz.  c^rs. ;  lxiij8.  jd. 
ob.  One  Tassell  ;  xxijd.  ob.  Tyncell  Ribbon  at  iij8. 
iiijd.  the  doze  v  doze  ;  xvj8.  viijd.  Aglettf  600 ;  iij8. 
Stones  at  ixd.  the  peece  48;  xxxvj8.  for  setting  the 
seide  stones  in  Leade  at  iiij  the  pece ;  xvj8.  An  Irish 
hedpece  of  Crimsen  velvett  all  garnished  w*  frenge  °l 
lace ;  xiij3.  iiijd.  A  greate  hanging  lock  w1  a  keye  to  it ; 
ij9.  vjd.  A  payer  of  Ballans  with  ij  lb  a^^  of  Brazen 
waightf ;  iiij8.  viijd.    A  dozen  of  Buttons.  viijd.    In  all : 

cxxviij11.  xviij9.  ixd.  ob. 

Wyllam  Lyzarde  for  syze  ;  xxvj8.  vjd.  Black,  xvs.  Painter  &c 
viijd.  Redd;  xv8.  iiijd.  Vert;  v8.  vjd.  Sapp;  iij8.  viijd. 
Crymsen;vs.  White;  xv8.  Browne  xijd.  Yolow;  iiij9. 
Smalt;  xlij8.  Pottf  %  Nayles;  viij3.  ijd.  spruce  yolow; 
xxijd.  Gowlde;  xv8.  xd.  Silver;  iiij8.  ixd.  Oker  de 
Rowse;  ij3.  Glew;  iij3.  iiijd.  ffoyle;  vij3.  vjd.  fflor- 
rey ;  iiij8.  Copp  culler ;  xxd.  shave  russet  to  smoothe 
the  eggf :  viijd.  A  Fedew ;  iij3.  iiijd.  Cullers  for  the 
sugerwrke;  xijd.  the  hier  of  a  horse  v  daies  %  his 
meate  by  the?  waye  to  Hampton  Coorte  Tx ;  xiiij3.  vjd. 
Reduced  by  the  Clerk  Comptrowler  in  all  to  viij11. 

Henri  Sekeforde  esquier  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  Reparacons 
for  Rushes  in  the  hall  T:  in  the  greate  chambere  where  on  the 
the  wrkf  were  doone  %  the  playes  Rezited ;  xx3.  for  ij 
greate  tables  in  the  hall ;  xxviij3.  iiijd.  for  hanging  up 
Tent£  to  keepe  away  the  wynde  %  snow  from  dryving 
into  the  hall  T:  taking  downe  the  same  agayne ;  vj3.  viijd. 
Two  long  peecf  of  Tymber  of  xx  foote  appeece  to  make 
a  frame  for  the  paynters;  x8.  and  for  ij  of  Billettf  % 
Coles  where  the  playes,  were  rezited  in  the  greate  cham- 
ber ;  xxvj8.  viijd.  Itin  more  for  wrkf  doone  by  Rowland 
Robynson  for  the  wch  were  bowghte ;  c.c.cc  di.  of  Boordes 
to  cloze  upp  the  hall  %  other  necessary  placf  aboute  the 


40  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

same  amtin&  to ;  xxvj8.  vjd.  One  dubble  Rafter ;  viijd. 
di — M  of  vjd.  nailes;  iij8. — di.  c  of  dubble  xns;  xvjd. 
Two  mennes  woorke  x  daies  in  boording  up  the  hall  T; 
doing  of  other  necessary  things ;  xxs.  for  setting  up  of 
Tables  T;  Boording  upp  of  Wyndowes  aboute  the  howse 
wher  the  Taylers  wrawghte ;  iij9.  iiijd.  Three  quarters 
of  a  hundred  of  Boordes  for  the  windos ;  iij3.  iiijd.  A 
fFootepace  to  sett  before  the  chimney  wher  the  Taylers 
wrowghte;  xijd.  for  iiij  woorkemen  on  saint  Stevens 
daie  %  iiij  wrkmen  the  same  nighte  T:  the  Morrow  after 
T:  for  ij  men  going  to  the  Coorte  to  sett  up  frames  for 
the  seide  Revells  at  ij  sundry  Tymes  amownteth  in  all 
to  the  sii  of ;  xxxs.  To  Rowland  Robynson  for  vj  daies 
at  xxd.  the  daie  3  xs.  and  for  ij  of  his  men  xv  daies  at 
xiiijd  the  daie ;  xxxvs.  Itm  more  for  Leade  bowghte  of 
Sr  Xpopher  Drap;  xviiju  and  for  bestowing  the  same 
upon  the  Roofe  of  the  howse  adjoyning  to  the  greate 
hall  T:  for  sowdering  T:  mending  dyvers  other  places  ; 
xlvj8.  In  all  as  by  iij  severall  Bills  subscribed  only  by 
the  seide  Henri  Sekeforde  amouteth  unto ; 

xxxj11.  xvjs.  xd. 

Chaundeler  Barnarde  Fabyan  for  Seering  candle  at  xvjd.  the  ft). 
9  ft) ;  xij9.  Cotten  Candle  182  ft>  at  3d.  le  ft) ;  lxx3.  vjd. 
Corde  and  Lyne  xv  peecf ;  viij3.  iiijd.  staf  Torches  x  ; 
xijs.  Lynkes  18.  vjs.  and  for  ij  pannes  and  a  pott; 
xijd.  in  all :  c.ix8.  xd. 

Itm  more  to  him  for  iij   dozen  lightf  of  cotten  T: 
weeke  :  viij8.  vjd. 

Thomas  Masters  for  Imbrodring  of  vj  velvett  hattf  at 
his  owne  howse  ;  xxxs. 

John  Davyson  for  glasse  ;  ij8.  the  tother  glasier  for  his 
glasse;  iiij3.    in  all  for  them  bothe ;  vj3. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  41 

Edward  Buggin  Clerkcomptrowler  for  mony  by  him  Necessaries 
disbursed  vid2 — for  Botehier  %  other  charge  coomyng  Botehier 
to  the  Coorte  at  hampton  at  the  begynnyng  of  the  woork  an(j  Re_ 
by  thappoyntment  of  Mr  Fortescue ;  x8 .  for  charge  %  wardes. 
wages  of  Thomas  Lamber  for  going  to  Wynsor  abowte 
Mr  ffarrantf  playe  by  Mr  Forteskues  appointment ;  iiij8. 
vjd.  for  xxtie.  sack  of  Coles ;  xs.  iiijd.  for  iij  M  of  Bil- 
lettf;  xl9.  One  doze  of  Childrens  ffelt£;  viij8.  fFeltf 
for  Maskf  6 ;  vjs.  Past  paper  lardge  iiij  doze  ;  xij8.  A 
waggen  for  the  first  playe  of  my  L  of  Leisters  men ; 
xviij8.  Reward^  to  the  headpeecemakers  wrking  on 
Christmas  Nighte ;  ij8.  ffir  powles  ;  xvj  %  the  cariage  of 
them ;  vj8.  viijd.  Itin  more  xxiiij".  furr  powles  °l  for 
the  cariage  of  them  ;  xj8.  To  Henri  Cellaweye  for  pro- 
vizion  T:  cariage  of  trees  1  other  things  to  the  Coorte  for 
a  wildernesse  in  a  playe  ;  viij8.  vjd.  Rewarde  more  to 
Lam ;  vjd.  To  clatter booke  for  iij  doze  greene  Lace  for 
a  Jerken ;  iij8.  The  bier  of  a  Waggon  for  cariage  to 
the  Coorte  at  the  second  play  of  my  L  of  Leicesters  men ; 
xviij8.  Vyzardf  with  black  Berdf  v  ;  xv8.  Vizardf  with 
4  Redd  Berdf ;  xij8.  In  ernest  for  vyzardf  for  Turkf 
vj  xijd.  To  John  Bett  T;  his  wyfe  for  one  daye  T;  one 
nighte  spangling  of  the  headpeecf  ;  iij8.  Itm  more  to 
ij  Maides ;  ij8.  To  Pilkington  for  xij  fetf  for  hedpeecf ; 
x8.  To  Anthony  the  Basketmaker  for  vj  hedpeecf  for 
Turkf ;  xij8.  Rewardf  to  the  paynters ;  iij8.  Lynkf 
for  the  paynter;  xijd.  ij  Squirt^  for  the  playe  of  the 
children  of  powles  ;  viij8.  To  the  Waggenn)  for  cariage 
of  the  stuf  to  Hampton  Coorte  the  sunday  next  after 
xpistmas  daie;  xviij8.  A  lock,  a  keye  T;  a  staple  for 
the  hall  doore  next  the  stayer  foote  ;  xxd.  ij  M1  Billettf; 
xxvj8.  viijd.  To  lambe  for  spunges  for  snoballs ;  v8.  iiijd. 
To  Robynson  for  vj  quarters  rt  a  plank  of  iiij  yeardf 
longe ;  iij8.  Tymber  for  the  forest ;  ij8.  vjd.  ffur  powles 
caried  to  the  Coorte ;  ijs.  ixd.     Boordes  ;  ij8.     Baskettf 


42 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


to  srve  for  the  Maske  on  New  yeres  daye ;  ix8.  To  Cal- 
lewaye  for  one  that  gathered  Mosse;  xijd.  Coles  ij 
bushells;  ixd.  To  Pilkington  for  iiij  doze  lace;  iiij8. 
Aglettf  for  the  topps  of  headpeecf;  viijd.  Muskovie 
glasse  T;  M1  bugles ;  iiij8.  viijd.  To  the  Waggenner  for 
cariage  on  New  yeres  daie  ;  xviij8.  Coles  x  sackf  ;  vj8. 
viijd.  To  Pilkington  for  ix  doze  %  x  yardf  of  silke  Lace 
for  headpeecf ;  ix3.  iiijd.  To  Henri  Kellewaye  to  go  to 
the  Coorte  abowte  the  dubble  Mask ;  iij8.  To  pilkeng- 
ton  for  turned  pynnes  for  hedpeeces  v  doze ;  xvjd.  To 
Pilkington  for  vij  dozen  lace  more  for  hedpecf  ;  vij8.  To 
Clatterbookf  dawghter  for  cloth  for  Ruffs  apornes,  neck- 
erchers  1  Rayles  for  Eldertons  playe  ;  xj8.  vjd.  for  making 
them  ;  xijd.  Rewardf  to  the  hedpeece  makers  ij8.  viijd. 
Itni  for  v  Tuffes  of  Bugles  to  sett  on  the  Janizes  hattf 
bowghte  of  Wm  Pilkington ;  iij3.  iiijd.  To  Mr  Arnolde 
for  his  Botehier  %  cariage  to  the  Coorte  at  hampton  on 
twelf  daie  viij8.  fflower  for  past ;  vjd.  Nayles  of  sundry 
sortf  at  sundry  tymes  ;  vjs.  Gloves  for  Maskers  T:  chil- 
dren ij  dozen  di.  j  xij8.     Pinnes  %  Tape  ;  ij8. 

xix11.  xix8.  xd. 


Painting  Itm  niore  for  mony  by  him  paide   to  Arnolde  the 

paynter  for  T:  in  full  paym*  for  Andramadas  picture ; 
xx8.  T;  To  haunce  Eottf  for  painting  of  patternes  for 
Maskf  ;  xiijs.  iiijd.     In  all  xxiij8.  iiijd. 


Green  cloth 
&c.  or  Ne- 
cessaries. 


December, 
January,  and 
February, 
anno  RR"*- 
Eliz.pd.xvt0 


The  Clerke  of  thoffice  for  his  ordinary  greenecloth. 
Paper,  Inck,  and  suche  other  necessaryes  as  to  the  same 
Office  is  Incident  for  the  devices  plottf,  bills  %  Bookes  of 
this  yeare,  lxvj8.  viijd. 

Sma  of  all  theise  Emptions  cclxxiiij11.  xvij8.  6b. 

Sma  of  all  the  Charges  growen  in  the  said  Office  w*in 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  48 

the  saide  tyme  aswell  of  Wages  as  Emptions,  amounteth 
unto  vc.  xiju.  xvjs.  vjd.  ob. 

John  Fortescue, 
Henry  Sekeforde. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
Thomas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold, 

Ayryngf  %  preparacons  made  against  the  Progresse  Marche, 

into  Kent  wl  Translatyng,  Repayring,  ffurnishing,  gar-  j^  'ju\Je' 

nishing,  setting  foorth,  Cariage,  conduction  1  attending  August,  Sep- 

of  the  best  and  most  ffyttest  furniture  of  the  same  office  Q^^;and 

to  Cawnterbury  T:  ther  Remayning  by  the  space  of  vij   anno  Regni 

daies  T;  then  Returning  with  the  same  stuf  to   Saint  Regina?  Ely- 

zubcth.  xv'° 
Johns  %  there   safely  bestowing  therof  as  apptayned. 

The  whole  Charges  whereof  together  w*  the  Ordinary 
Charges  and  alowauncf  of  the  officers  T:  what  soever  ells 
w*in  the  same  tyme  of  viij  Moneths  ending  the  last  of 
October  in  the  yeare  aforesaide  together  with  the  par- 
ties Names  to  whome  any  mony  is  due  hereafter  perty- 
culerly  ensueth :  vid3 . 

Taylers  and  others  wrking  T:  attending  the  premiss^ 
at  sundry  tymes  w*in  the  saide  viij.  Monethes. 

xxix11.  xvs. 

Proptymakers  Haberdashers  T:  others  w*in  that  tyme 
against  the  Progresse  vj11.  xvjd. 

dayes        nights  li.        s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij3.  p  diem  40  ...  5  ...      ix         Thoffycers 

The  Clerkcomptrowler  at  ijs 40  ...  5  ...     iiij     x  ^[.^eo°se 

The  Clerke  at  ij3.  p  die  40  ...  5  ...     iiij     x  nethestheier 

The  yoman  at  ijs.  p  diem    40  ...  5  ...     iiij     x  diett,  and 

o    o  ••  wages. 

Sma      xxij     x        ° 

Sma  of  all  these  wages  lviiju.  vj8.  iiijd. 


44  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Emptions  T;  provizions  against  the  Progresse  aforesaide. 

viz 
Necessaries         Edward    Buggin   esquier   clerkcomptrowler    of    this 
Canages         Office  for  rnony  by  him  disbursed  for  a  lock  T:  a  staple, 
Rewardes.       xxijd. ;  fFor  fFoyle  for  vyzardf  1  fFawchins,  xxd. ;  another 
Padlock,  xijd.  5  fFethers  for  hedpeeces  viij,  ijs.  iiijd.     A 
Dosen  of  very  good  wash  gloves  for  the   Ladyes,  xvj8. 
Three  dozen  of  Spanish  gloves,  xviij8.    fFor  Cranage  of 
stuf  at  Billingsgate,  vjd.  the  portage  of  stufe  that  fol- 
lowed the  progresse,  iiijd.  the  hyer  of  a  Bardge  from 
London  to   gravesende  w*  the  same   stuf,  v9.    for  the 
wrkmens  breakefast  at  Billingsgate  after  theier  night f 
watching,  ij9.    fFor  one  Thowsand  of  pynnes,  xijd.   in 
Rewarde,  xijd.    for   Horshyer  sundry  tymes  within  the 
same  viij  Monethes,  xxs.  lxx9.  iijd. 

Silkweaver.  Willam  Bowll  for  vij  dosen  di.  of  Lardge  sylke  fflowers 
at  viijd.  the  peece,  lxs.  for  xiiij  ouncf  iij  quarters  of 
tassells  T:  frenge  greate  T:  small  of  Copp  sylver  at  xviijd. 
the  ounce  xxij8.  jd.  ob.  And  for  his  Botehier  T:  horshier 
to  and  fro  caunterbury,  xiij9.  iiijd.     In  all     iiiju.  xv9.  vd. 

Wyerdrawer  Thomas  Leveret  for  wyer,  xijd.  Spanish  needells  ij 
dosen,  xxd.  Long  Quilting  Needells,  xijd.  Chaynes  for 
the  Marriners  knives,  iij9.  iiijd.  ij  dozen  of  Redd  Ringf , 
xvjd.     And  for  his  owne  daies  travell,  xxd.    In  all      xs. 

Necessaires         John  Davyes  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  Tape  j 
Cariages         ft  iiijs.     A  quarterne  of  Cullred  thredd,  xd.    di.  lb  of 
expences  in     white  thredd,  xxd.    a  nother  quarter  of  tape,  xijd.     A 
Progresse.      quarter  of  Cullored  thredd,  xd.  ffagott,  viijd.   Bumbast, 
xijd.  halfe  a  ft  more  of  cullered  thredd,  xxd.     Cranage 
of  stuf,  iiijd.  for  Cariage  from  the  waterside  at  graves- 
ende to  the  wagon,  viijd.    the  hier  of  ij  hackneies  fro 
gravesende  to  Rochester  to  overtake  the  Carte  T:  gett 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  45 

another  for  speede,  ijs.  for  horsemeate  T:  victualls  at  Ro- 
chester for  the  carters  T;  theier  horses,  xvjd.  for  horse- 
meate and  the  cartrs  rneate  at  Cittingborne,  iijs.  for  ij 
hackneies  from  Rochester  to  Cittingborne,  iiij8.  the 
Carters  wages  fro  gravesende  to  caunterbury,  vijs.  vjd. 
the  hier  of  ij  hackneies  from  sittingborne  to  caunterbury, 
iiij3.  for  Rushes  at  Caunterbury,  ij8.  vjd.  ffuell  to  ayer 
the  howse  %  the  stuf  %  to  serve  during  viij  daies  there, 
ij8.  Lyghtf  there  that  tyme,  vjd.  the  Rent  of  the  howse 
T:  hier  of  Necessaries  there  then,  x8.  Cariage  from 
Caunterbury  to  Cittingborne,  ij8.  from  Cyttingborne  to 
gravesende,  ij8.  vjd.  the  hier  of  ij  hackneies  from  caun- 
terbury to  Gravesend,  x8.  portage  at  gravesende  to  the 
bote,  vjd.  Cariage  by  Water  to  London,  iiij8.  Cariage 
from  the  water  syde  to  saint  Johns,  vjd.  lxix8. 

Philip  Gunter  for  iiij  peecf  of  Buckeram,  xvj8.  thupholster. 

Thomas  Gyles  for  xij  vyzardf  for  women  T:  vij  Turkf  Habber- 
vyzardf  at  xxiiij8.  the  dozen.     In  all  amounting  unto        dasher. 

xxxviij8. 

Bryan  Dodmer   for  his   attendaunce  %  srvice   doone  Necessaries 

within  the  office  wlin  those  viij  monethes  aforesaide  %  for  b°temer 

*  .  horshier  and 

his  horshyer  botehier  and  attendaunce  in  the  progresse  Rewardea 

with  sundry  necessaries  by  him  emploied  :  lxx8. 

John  Arnolde  yoman  of  this  Office  for  mony  by  him  Necessaries 
disbursed  w'in  the  tyme  aforesaide  for  yolow  Cotton  to 
lyne  the  Monarkf  Gowne  at  viijd.  the  yarde  xij  yardf, 
viij8.  To  lyne  his  gerkin  iiij  yardf ,  ij8.  viijd.  To  lyne 
his  hose  iij  yardf ,  ij8.  Canvasse  for  his  gerkin,  xvjd. 
Cursy  Lyning  1  hollon  for  his  hosen,  iij8.  sylke  to  sett 
on  the  gardf ,  v8.  Thredd  to  sowe  those  iij  garment^, 
iij8.   the  wages  of  iij  men  iiij  daies,  iiij8.    for  cariage  of 


46  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

certeyne  peecf  of  the  wagon  %  mownte  from  the  Warde- 
rob  to  saint  Jones,  ij8.  The  Wages  of  a  Joyner  %  his 
Man  w*  iiij  others  that  tooke  downe  the  greate  pressf  T: 
saving  the  wainskott,  xiiij8.  for  caryeng  foorth  the  Rub- 
bish *l  making  cleane  the  howse,  ij8.  for  Rushes,  iiij8. 
ffewell,  vj8.     Thredd  %  other  small  Necessaries,  v8. 

lxij8. 
Sma  of  all  theise  Emptions  xxju.  x8.  viijd. 

March,  Aprill,  Maye,  June,  July,  August,  September,  % 
October. 

Sma  of  all  the  charge  growen  w*in  those  viij  monethes  : 

lxxix11.  xvij8. 

John  Fortescue. 
Henry  Sekeforde. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
Thomas  Blagrave. 
John  Arnold. 

The  Joyners  I^m  more  for  new  Presses  to  be  made  thorowowte  the 
for  Presses,  whole  storehowse  for  that  the  olde  were  so  Rotten  that 
they  coulde  by  no  meanes  be  Repayred  or  made  any 
waye  to  serve  agayne.  The  Queenes  Maties  store  lyeng 
now  on  the  ffloore  in  the  store-howse  wch  of  necessitie 
must  preasently  be  provyded  for  before  other  wrk£  can 
well  Begin.  Whiche  press  being  made  as  is  desyred  by 
the  Officers  wilbe  a  greate  safegarde  to  the  store  prea- 
sently remayning  and  lykewise  of  the  store  to  coom 
whereby  many  things  may  be  preserved  that  otherwyse 
wilbe  utterly  lost  1  spoyled  contynually  encreasing  her 
Matie8  charge. 

Sma  1». 

not  allowed  for  so  moch  as  the  same 
presses  are  not  begon. 


&c 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  47 

Sma  Tolis  of  this  whole  volume  contayning  all  the 
Charges  growen  w*in  this  Office  Betweene  the  last  of 
Maye  in  the  xiiijth.  yeare  of  the  Reaigne  of  or  Soveraigne 
Lady  Queene  Elizabeth.  And  the  last  of  October  in  the 
xvth  yeare  of  her  Matie8  Reaigne.  Being  One  whole  yeare 
and  ffyve  Monethes  amouteth  unto  : 

m^cccc.xxvij11.  xij8.  vjd.  ob. 

John  Fortescue. 

Henry  Sekeforde. 

Edward  Buggyn. 

Thomas  Blagrave. 

John  Arnold, 


48 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK   III.] 


ffrom  the 
Last  of  Oct. 
]  573,  xvt0 
untill  the 
ffyrst  of 
Marche, 
1 573  xvjt0 


Betweene 
the  laste  of 
Oct.  afore- 
saide  xvto 
and  the  xxth 
of  Dec.  1573 

xvjto 


The  Booke  of  all  the  Charges  growen  within  Thoffice 
of  her  Maties  Revells  aforesaide  within  the  same  Tyme 
being  iiij  Monethes  including  Christmas,  Twelftyde 
Candellmas  %  Shrovetyde.  During  all  which  tyme  Tho- 
mas Blagrave  esquier,  served  therin  as  Master,  accord- 
ing to  her  Mates  pleasure  signefyed  by  the  right  honorable 
L.  Chamberlaine.  Toward^  thexecution  wherof  the  saide 
Blagrave  herein  also  Chargeth  him  self  with  all  suche 
her  Mates  Monye  as  to  the  use  of  the  same  Office  hath  cu 
to  his  handf. 

vidz) 

Monye  Received  by  the  saide  Blagrave  owte  of  her 
Mates  Exchequer  at  the  handf  of  Tayler  one  of  the  Tel- 
lers there  by  vertue  of  a  prive  seale  dated  the  xxiijth  of 
December  in  the  saide  xvjth  yeare  of  her  Mates  Reaigne. 

cc11. 

Woorkes  doone  %  attendaunce  geven  by  the  partyes 
hereunder  named  abowte  the  Traslating,  ffytting,  ffur- 
nishing,  garnishing,  setting  foorthe  and  Taking  in  agayne 
of  ij  Sutes  of  Apparell  T;  furniture  for  Choyce  of  a  mask 
showen  at  Greenewiche  after  the  Mariage  of  Willyam 
Drurye  esquier  And  lykewyse  for  the  Ayring,  Repayring, 
spungying,  wyping,  Brushing,  sorting,  suting,  putting 
in  order  and  safe  bestowing  both  of  thapparell  afore- 
saide, and  also  of  all  the  residue  of  thapparell,  propertyes, 
ffurniture  %  necessaries  incident  to  the  same. 

Itm  for  perusing  the  whole  store  of  thoffice  pertycu- 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  49 

lerly  after  the  death  of  John  Arnolde  late  yoman  therof, 
comparying  the  Inventoryes  %  likewise  orderly  ^t  safe  be- 
stowing therof  againe. 

Itm  agayne  Lykewise  perusing  the  store  pertyculerly 
and  delyvering  therof  by  Inventory  in  chardge  to  Walter 
ffysh  yoma  of  the  same  now  remayning. 

Itm  sundry  other  tymes  for  calling  together  of  sundry 
Players,  and  for  perusing,  fitting,  T:  Reformyng  theier 
matters  otherwise  not  convenient  to  be  showen  before 
her  Matie. 

And  finally  upon  the  entraunce  of  the  saide  Blagrave 
into  the  execucon  of  the  Masters  office,  for  Colleccon  % 
showe  of  eche  thinge  prepared  for  her  Mates  Regall  dis- 
porte  T:  Recreacon  as  also  the  store  wherewith  to  ffur- 
nish,  garnish  and  sett  forth  the  same  ;  wherof,  as  also  of 
the  whole  state  of  thoffice  the  L.  Chamberlayne  according 
to  his  honors  appointment  was  throughly  advertised. 

The  Charges  wherof  together  w*  the  parties  names  that 
wroughte  %  attended  therupon,  eche  mannes  nuber  of 
dayes  5  T;  ptyculer  dett  due  for  the  same  ensue th     vid3 

Taylers  T:  others  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daye  Tx  the 
residue  at  xijd.  the  daye  %  the  like  for  the  nighte  : 

Sma  xv11.  iiij3.  viijd. 

Proptymakers  1  Habberdashers  Sma  xliiij8. 

dayes.        nights.       li.        s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij3.  by  the  daie 20  ...  2        iiij  viij 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ijs £0  ...  2  xliiij   Offycers 

The  Cierke  at  ij8 20  ...  2  xliiij 

The  Yoman  at  ijs 20  ...  2  xliiij 

Sma  xju. 

Emptions  and  other  charges  incident,         vidz!  Necessaries 

Edward  Buggin  Clerkcomptrowler  of  this  office  for  Cariages 

mony  by  him  disbursed  for  Gloves  for  the  Maskers  1  J*J dRuections 

E  wardes 


50 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Torchebearers  at  Mr  Druries  wedding,  ixs.  And  for 
Cariagf,  Lights,  Botehier,  expencf ,  T;  Reward^  then  T; 
sundry  other  tymes  upon  sundry  occasions  incident,  xxxj8. 
In  all  w*in  the  tyme  aforesaide  xls. 

John  Dawncy  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  tyling  % 

Reparacons     mending  the  stable  and  other  placf  incident  to  the  Clerk 

of  this  office  :  xlviij8.  ijd. 


Jorneyeng 
charges  and 
Rewardes. 


Bryan  Dodmer  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  fetch- 
ing and  bringing  by  water  from  Greenewiche  certeine 
gilt  Pillers  %  fframes,  iiij8.  H  or  shier  and  Ryding 
Chardges  for  ij  men  that  Rode  post  into  Wilshere  T; 
somersetshere  for  Mr  B)agrave  by  the  comaundement  of 
my  L.  Chamberleyne  and  in  recompence  for  his  owen 
srvice  this  tyme  together  alowed  by  thofficers,  lxs.     In 

lxiiij8. 


Betweene 
the  last  of 
Oct.  1573, 
and  the  xxth 
of  Dec.  1573 


Betweene 
the  xxth  of 
Dec.  and  the 
xjth  of  Jan. 
anno  RRniC- 
E.  prd. 
xvjto. 


all 


xvl 


Sma  viju.  xij8. 


ijc 


Wages  of  Artiffics  Tie, 
Of  Officers 


XVljU.  Vllj8.  Vllj' 


;h 


XJ 
Sma  xxviij11.  viij8.  viij( 


xvjto. 


Emptions  and  other  chargf  incident  T:  alowed 


for  that  tyme  amouteth  to 
The  whole  charges  aforesaide  is 


vij11.  xij8.  ijd. 
Sma  xxx vjn.  xd. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
Walter  fysshe. 
Christmas      Newyeares  tyde  %      Twelfe  tyde. 
Woorkf  doone  %  attendaunce  geven  abowte  the  new 
making,  Translating,  ffytting,  fFurnishing,  garnishing, 
setting   owte   1  Taking    in  againe,    making   cleane  T: 
safe  bestowing  of  sundry  kyndf  of  Apparell,  pperties, 
ffurniture  %  Implement?  for  the  playes  and  Mask?  fal- 
lowing set  foorthe  T;  showen  before  her  Matie  w4in  the 
tyme  aforesaide  for  her  Regall  disporte  1  Recreacon. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  51 

The  Charges  wherof  together  with  the  partyes  names  to 
whome  any  mony  is  due  or  hath  bene  paid  for  the  same 
^ticulerly  ensueth. 

Predor  T:  Lucia  played  by  Therle  of  Leicesters  ser-  Playes 
vauntf  upon  Saint  stevens  daye  at  nighte  at  Whitehall  shi°^eP  J? 
aforesaide.  vidz. 

Alkmeon,  playde  by  the  children  of  Powles  on  Saint 
Johns  Daye  at  nighte  there. 

Mamillia,  playde  by  therle  of  Leicester^  servauntf  on 
Innosentf  daye  at  nighte  there. 

Truth,  ffaythfulnesse  T:  Mercye  playde  by  the  Chil- 
dren of  Westminster  for  Elderton  upon  New  yeares  daye 
at  nighte  there. 

Herpetulus  the  blew  knighte  T:  pobia  playde  by  my 
Lorde  Klintons  servaunt£  the  third  of  January  being  the 
sunday  after  newyeares  daye  there. 

Quint  ffabi  playd  by  the  Children  of  Wyiisor  ffor  Mr 
ffarrant  on  Twelfe  daye  at  nighte  lykewise  at  Whitehall. 

vj  all  fytted  and  ffurnyshed  with  the  store  of  thoffice 
and  w*  the  woorkmanshipp  and  provisions  herein  ex- 
pressed as  followeth  hereafter  orderly  ffirst  the  wages  and 
then  the  Emptions  with  the  other  charge  incident. 

Lanceknighte  vj  in  Blew  sattyn  gaskon  cotes  T:  slopps 
T:c. 

Torchebearers  vj  in  Black  T:  yolo  Taffatalc  showen  on 
Saint  Johns  daie  at  nighte. 

fforesters  or  hunters  vj  in  Greene  sattyn  gasko  cotes  T: 
slopps  T:c. 

Torchebearers  vj  attyred  in  Mosse  1  Ivye  T;c.  showe  on 
New  yeres  daye  at  nighte. 

Sages  vj  in  long  gownes  of  Cownterfet  cloth  of 
golde  1c. 

e2 


Maskes 
showen  at 
white  Hall 
wHn  the 
tyme  afore- 
saide,  vidz. 


The  Wier- 
drawer. 


Officers 


52  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Torchebearers  vj  in  Long  gownes  of  Redd  damask 
showen  on  Twlfe  daye  at  Nighte.  In  all  iij  all  fytted  % 
thoroughly  ffurnyshed  with  all  mannr  of  propties  *!  neces- 
saryes  incident  %  garnished  and  sett  foorth  accordingly. 

Christmas     Newyeares  tyde  "l      Twelfe  tyde. 
Taylers  1  others  the  first  at  xxd.  the  residue  at  xijd. 

the  daie  and  the  like  for  the  nighte. 

Sma  lvj11.  x9.  ijd. 

Paynters  at  xxd.,  xviijd.,  xvjd.,  1  xijd.  the  daye. 

Sma  xxiij11.  xvjs.  xd. 

Proptymakers.  Sma  ix11.  xiiij8. 

Basketmakers.  Sma  xs. 

Joyners  at  xvjd.  the  daye  Sma  lxxviij9.  viijd. 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daye  Sma  c.x8.  iiijd. 

Imbroders  ^  Habberdashers  Sma  xiiij11.  iiij9. 

Thomas  Leveret  tbe  Wyerdrawer  and  his  servants  that 
attended  sundry  tymes  and  wrowght  upon  sundry  pro- 
pertyes  ^t  specially  to  hang  upp  the  lights  in  the  hall  at 
xijth  tyde  x8. 

dayes.         nights.  li.        s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij  the  daye 21   ...   14  ...  vij 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ij8 21   ...    14  ...         lxx 

The  Clerk  at  the  like     21   ...   14  ...         lxx 

The  Yoman  at  ij8 21   ...   14  ...         lxx 

Sma  xvij11.  Xs. 
All  the  Wages  aforesaide  amteth  to  : 

c.xxxj11.  xiiij8.  exr. 

T.  Blagrave 

Edwarde  Buggy n. 

Walter  fysshe. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  53 

Christmas       Newyeares  tyde  1        Twelftyde 

Emptions  pvizions,  Cariages  T;  other  Charges  inci- 
dent to  the  Affares  of  the  said  Office. 

Mark  Jarard  for  Crimsen  sarcenet  branchte  all  over  The  Mercer, 
with  silver  at  iiij8.  the  yarde  lxvj  yardf  boughte  cheefely 
to  make  Clokes  for  the  foresters  mask.  xiiju.  iiij8. 

Willam  Bowll  for  mony  to  him  due  for  sundry  pcells,  The  Sylk- 
vidz.  weaver 

Bonelace  of  Copp  sylver,  xxvij  Vo  viij  ozcf  di.  at  xviijd. 
the  ownce  xxxiij11.  ixd. 

fFrenge  of  like  stuf  at  the  lyke  rate  28  ft   12  ocf  J, 

xxxiiij11.  xs.  iiijd. 

fFrenge  at  ijs.  viijd.  the  ownce  ijlb.  v.  6c(\    iiij11.  xviij8.  viijd. 

Frenge  at  xvjd.  thounce,  vj  ozcf .  di.  xvs.  iiijd. 

Twist  1  Tassells  of  like  stuf  ij  ft  ixozce8  qr  at  xviijd.  the 
ownce,  lxj8.  xd.  ob. 

3 

Boxes  to  contayne  the  premissf  T:  for  the  ffethers ; 

iij8.  iiijd. 

Pap  for  patternes  1  for  leaves  of  trees  %  other  garnish- 

ingf  iiij  Reames  xxiiij8. 

Ballence  T:  Wayghtf  for  thoffice  vj8.  xd. 

Past  Boordes  x  doozen  price  xxxvj8. 

12 

ffeltf  at  viijd.  the  peece.  viij8. 

Sylke  at  xviij d.  thounce  8  ounce .  xij8. 

Tables  to  wryte  in  ij8.  vjd. 

ffethers  white  T:  Longe  :  7.  xxiij8.  iiijd. 

ffethers  Curled.  xv8. 

A  standish  for  the  yoman  wfc  couters  Tx.  iiij8.  vd. 

Buttons  of  Copper  sylver  x  ouncf  di.  at  xviijd.  the  ownce 

xv8.  ixd. 
A  Chest  wl  a  trebble  Lock  xxx8. 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  ^tc.  appereth  amouting  to 

iiijv11.  viij8.  ijd. 


54 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Lynnen 
draper 


The  yomans 
provision  of 
sundry 
kindes  of 


Mre.  Dane  for  Canvas  to  paynte  for  howses  for  the 
players  %  for  other  properties  as  Monsters,  great  hollow 

XX 

trees  %  suche  other  xij  ells,  at  xijd.  the  ell.  xiju. 

Walter  ffysh  for  mony  by  him  disburced  for  vidz. 
Buckerams  42  peecf  Redd,  yolo,  %  Russet,  viij11.  viij8. 
Greene  at  iiij3.  iiijd.  the  peeee  xiiij  peeces,  lx8.  viijd. 
Black  at  v8.  the  peece,  v9.  And  one  peece  of  very  fyne 
Buckeram,  xiiij9.    in  all  xiju.  vijs.  viijd. 


Tyncell  sarcenett  Blew  xj  yrds  iij  quarters  at  xij8.  the 
yarde ;  viju.  xijd.  |  iij  yerdf  quarter  of  white  tincell  at 
xij3.  the  yarde ;  xxxix9.  |  Gowlde  Tyncell  for  vj  bandf 
for  Maskers ;  xvs.  in  all  amtln&  unto  ix11.  xv8. 


Thred  of  sundry  Cullers,  vz .  |  white  vjlb  qft  at  iiij8. 
the  lb ;  xxv9.  |  fFyner  white  di.  lb  ;  ijs.  viijd.  |  Blew  at 
iij9.  iiijd.  the  lb  ijlb  di. ;  viij9.  iiijd.  Red  at  like  rate  ij  lb 
di.  p^e ;  viij8.  iiijd.  |  Greene  at  iij9.  iiijd  the  lb,  iij  lb  di. ; 
xj8.  viijd.  Yolo  at  like  rate  ij  lb  di. ;  viij3.  iiijd.  [  Browne 
at  ij9.  viijd.  the  lb  iij  lb ;  viij8.  |  Black  j  bowlte  %  iij 
quarters  :  viij3.  ijd.  iiij11.  vjd. 

ffeltf  xxxli    , xxiiij8. 

Past  pap  xijd. 

Sarcenett  white   iij   yrds.    iij   q>trs  for    a    shirte ;    xvs. 
Gloves  washt  T:  poynted  for  Maskers  xij  paier ;  xij8.  | 
for  Torchebearers  xij  payer  ;  viij8.  ffor  Children  v  dozen ; 
xxviij8.  vjd.      Itm  more  for  Maskers  vij  payer;    ixB. 
iiijd.  |  for  Torchebearers  xij  payer ;  vij8.  lxiiij8  xd. 

Hear  for  hosen  iij  lb    xv 

3  lb. 

Tape  and  Buttons    xiii    vi 

Coles  and  Billettf    xli  iiii 

Flannell  viij  yardes  at  ixd.  the  yerde vi 

fflockf  to  stuf  hattbandf     xij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  55 

s.  d. 

fflower  and  paste    xx 

Spangells  lvj  thowsand  at  vjd.  the  thowsand    xxviij 

Lockf,  Keyes,  and  Bowltf    vij  viij 

Corde  to  trusse  the  Baskettf    xiiij 

Urinalls  to  use  at  the  Coorte  %  one  Ink  glasse  xv 

Dryeng  of  Mosse  T:  Rose  water  for  it  iij      ij 

Rushes;  xxs.  xd.     Nayles;  xjs.  xd xxxij  viij 

Cariages  1  Reward^ viij     vj 

Brushes  T:  Rubbers  %  a  coleshovell viij      j 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  Tx  appereth  xxxix11.  iij8.  iijd. 

John  Robynson  for  iij  yardf  iij   quarters  of  Narow  The  Mercer 
Tyncell  at  iij8.  the  yarde  xj8.  iijd. 

Robert  Moorer  for  dyvers  pcells  of  his  wares,  vizi.         The  Grocer 

Suger  xliiij  lb  j  ounce  at  xiiijd.  the  lb ;      ...  Ij       v  in  the 

Rosewater  three  pyntf    iij      vj   Mask  of 

Gu  tragachant  ij  ouncf  xij  Wyldemen 

Almons  xx  lb  at  xiiijd.  the  lb     xxiij     iiij 

Quincf  preservde  ij  lb  q/8   ix 

Wallnuttf  reddy  made  ij  lb    vj 

Cloves  to  stick  in  the  Peares      xij 

Synamon  and  gynger  3  oc£    xiiij 

Peares  reddy  made  of  Marchpane  stuf  j  lb  iij 

Apples  T:  Lemans  of  Like  stuf  di.  lb      xvj 

Marmilade  to  temp  w*  the  suger    ij 

A  pott  for  the  Quincf      iij 

the  hyer  of  a  Cearce    iiij 

In  all  amounting  unto  5  c.iij     iiij 

for  the  Mowldes  "t  for  Mowlding  the  frutes  made  of  Rewardes 
the  stuf  aforesaide  w*in  this  office  in  the  preasence   of  ^rver  and6 
the  saide  Blagrave  vidiz!  Apples,  peares,  peaches,  peas-  others, 
coddf,  Mulberies  ffilberd^,  Plummes,  Akornes  Cherries, 
1c.  xK 


56  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

The  Basket-        John  Ollyf  for  iij  small  Baskettf  made  for  patternes 
makers  rj.  for  -y  BundeUs  0f  Roddf  to  make  vj  more  for  the 

Maskers  to  cary  the  frute  in ;  viij8.  for  iij  Hampers  to 
carry  thapparell;  xiiij8.  One  Baskett  with  iiij  Eares  to 
hang  dylligence  in  in  the  play  of  pobia  %  for  ij  other 
Browne  Baskett^  for  thoffice  ;  ij8.  vjd.  xxiiij*.  vjd. 

Beardes  and  John  Owgle  for  vij  Long  aberne  beardf  at  xvjd.  the 
peece  ;  ixs.  iiijd.  |  vij  other  berdf  at  xiiijd.  the  peece 
for  the  hanncf  Mask  at  xvjd.  the  peece;  viij8.  ijd.  | 
xij  beardf  Black  T:  Redd  for  the  fforesters  Mask  at  like 
rate  ;  xvj8.  |  Heare  for  the  Wylde  men  at  xvjd.  the  lb 
iij  lb ;  iiij8.    One  Long  white  Bearde  ;  ij8.  viijd.     xl9.  ijd. 

Property  Henri  Calleway  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for 

percells.  8       ^* 

Mosse  and  yong  Okes  for  Wylde  me;    vj 

Poles  T:  Wandf  for  the  Lictors  ;     ij 

Bayes  for  the  prologgf  T:  ppties  ;  iij  viij 

Ivy  for  the  Wylde  men  T;  tharbor;... v      x 

Armes  of  Okes  for  the  hollo  tree;  xij 

Expencf  at  Higate  one  nighte  %  ij  daies  for 

pvision  hereof; ij 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  amounting  unto  5     xx     vj 

John  Rosse  for  poles  T:  shy  vers  for  draft  of  the 

Curtins  before  the  senat  howse  ;     ij 

CurtynRingf;     viij 

Edging  the  Curtins  w*  fFrenge  ; xij 

Tape  and  Corde  for  the  same :   x 

fflower  %  past  w1  a  pott  for  the  same  ;   vij 

A  Jebbett  to  hang  up  diligence  ;   iij    iiij 

In  all  amounting  unto  ;  viij      v 

Necessaries  John  Lam  for  j  dozen  of  past  boorde ;  iij8.  iiijd. 
Pynnes  1  Nayles ;  ij8.  iiijd.  %  for  a  porter  y»  brought 
Canvas ;  iijd.  all :  vs.  xid. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  57 

Barnard  fFabyan  for  sundry  pcells  of  his  ware ;  The 

n.        s         d      Chaundler. 
Sering  candells  j  lb  , xvj 

White  light?  at  iijs.  vjd.  the  doze  xxvj 

dose;   ,. iiij        xj 

Lynk?  at  iiijd.  the  peece  lxxij   xxiiij 

Corde  iiij  peeces iiij 

Lyne  viij  peec?  v   iiij 

Packthred  ,..  v      j 

In  all  amounting  w*  Torches  viij3.  unto ;  vj     xviij     ix 

Willam  Lyzard  for  mony  by  him  disburced  for  Paynters 

s.  d.      percells 

Syze  °l  pott?  for  the  same; xxxviij       vj 

Nayles  to  strayne  the  canvas ; xxij 

lb. 

Browne  C  uller  at  xviijd.  the  ft  2^  , iij       ix 

Synop  di  lb  price ;     xviij 

XX 

White  iiij  xiij  lb  at  iijd.  the  lb  ;  xxiij  iij 

Lamp  black  xj  lb  at  xvjd.  the  lb ;    xiiij  viij 

Masticote  j  lb ; iij  vj 

Smalt  xv  lb  at  iij8.  vjd.  the  lb  ;    Iij  vj 

Dark  sinop  j  lb iiij 

Vert  iiij  lb;    x  iiij 

Redd  xiij  lb  at  vjd.  the  lb vj  vj 

Vermillion  di  lb ;  iiij 

Slurry  at  vij8.  the  lb  j  lb  iij  q>tr8 xij  iij 

ffyne  Blackj  lb ij 

Gowlde  v.c.  at  ij8.  viijd.  the  c. ;    xiij  iiij 

Sylver  at  xviijd.  the  c.m.viijc xxvij 

Glew  iiij  lb; xvj 

Cotten  to  gilde  with  iij  ctf™  of  lb ........... .  xij 

Tyn  ffoyle ^ ij 

Assedue  at  iij8.  the  lb  vjlb  iij  q>tr8 xx  iij 

Past  and  fflower; viij 

Yolo  coorse  and  Oker  de  Rooce    iiij  vj 

Past  pap  iiij  dozen  for  pendente  to  the  light?  viij 


58 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Copper  cullor ;  iiij 

Knopps  of  wood  Turnde 

Vertagayne;    iij 

Sinoper  paper; .,,...., ,. 

ffyne  Black  more  j  Jb    iiij 

Pencells  T:  other  necessaries ij 

sape  j  lb;   , vj 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  appereth  amouting  unto ; 


xiJ 


V11J 


xny1 


Buskin- 
maker. 


The  Wyer- 
drawer 


John  ffarrington  fer  the  making  %  soiling  of  vj  paier 
of  Startopps ;  viija.  |  vj  paier  of  Mossy  buskins ;  viij8. 
And  vj  payer  of  paynted  buskins  all  for  Maskers ;  xij8. 
in  all ;  xxviij8. 

Thorns  Leverett  for  sundry  pecellf  vid2 

li.  s,  d. 

Wyer  xxvj  lb  to  hang  the  lights  ; xxvij     iiij 

Candellstickf  at  ij9.  the  dozen  iiij  dose  ;  viij 

Vice  Candellstickf  at  xijd.  the  peece ; . . .  xij 

High  Candelstickf  at  vjd.  the  peece  6 ;  iij 

Plates  for  small  Canstickf  ;     xij 

vj  s.  ij  s. 

Plates  for  walls  T:  for  hattf  ;  viij 

ffunnells  for  hattf  with  long  pypes;  ...  iij 

Rownde  duble  plates  for  the  branches 
that  hunge  in  the  hall  T:  bare  lightf 

viij  doozen  at  xd.  the  peece  ;  iiij 

Launthornesiiij  at  vj9.  the  peece;  xxiiij9. 

1  ij  at  xvjd.  the  pece;  ij8.  viijd. ;  ...  xxvj     viij 

for  plating  iiij  ffawchyns ;  x 

staples  vj  price     x 

Lyne  xxxvj  yardf    xij 

RingC  for  Curtyns  viij 

Pack  Needells  greate  T:  longe  ij  ;  viij 

Bodkyns  T:  dowt^  for  lightf    xiij 

Nayles  of  sundry  sortf    ij        ij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  59 

H.  a.  d. 

A  greate  hart  Lock xij 

In  all  amown ting  unto  ; viij     xvij      iij 

Roger  Tyndall  for  Lending  his  Armor  and  for  his  Tharmerer 
srvant£  attendauncf  to  arme  %  unarme  the  children  in 
the  play  of  Q.  Fabius  ;  xlvj8.  viijd 

Willam  Elom  for  vj  homes  garnisht  with  sylver  by   Hunters 
him  dely  vered  into  thoffice  for  the  hunters  Mask  on  New   homes 
yeres  Nighte,  which  homes  the  Maskers  detayned  %  yet 
dooth  kepe  them  against  the  will  of  all  the  officers ; 

xviij8. 

John  Caro  for  mony  to  him  due  for  sundry  pcells  Property- 

maker 

8.  d. 

Holly  T:  I vye  for  the  play  of  predor ;    iiij 

ffyshes   Cownterfete   for   the   same   vzl.) 

Whiting,  Playce,  Mackerell  %c              i  ,11J 

A  payle  for  the  castell  topp;    vij 

Bayes  for  sundry  prposes; iiij 

Lathes  for  the  Hollo  tree ;    xvj 

Hoopes  for  tharbor  T:  topp  of  an  howse  ; iiij       xj 

A  Mace  for  the  sargeant  at  armes ; xij 

A  Trunchin  for  the  dictator xx 

Past  T:  paper  for  the  Dragons  head ;    xviij 

Deale  boordes  for  the  senat  howse ; ij     viij 

Glew  T;  glew  pott ; iiij 

ffagbroches  for  the  knobby  of  the  tree ;    ij 

A  long  staf  to  reache  up  and  downf  ye  lightf  5  viij 

ffawchions  for  ffarrantf  playe  iiij  ;    iiij 

Pynnes  styf  %  greate  for  paynted  clothes  3    . . .  ix 

Nayles  v3.  |  tenpeny  nayle  c.di. ;  xvd.  |  syxpenynayle 
vij.c  di. ;  iiij8.  ixd.;  fowerpeny  Nayles  v.c  xxd  |  three- 
peny  Nayles  vij.c ;  xxjd.   |  twopeny  Nailes  M ;  xxd.  | 


60  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Tackf  vj.c;  ixd.  |  Itfh  more  sixpeny  Nayle  cc ;   xijd,  | 
fFowerpeny  Nailes  iiij  ;  xvjd.     In  all  xiij8.  ijd. 

vs.  iiijd.  xiiij  s.         f      <  »;  ,»'#a 

ffoormes  ij  %  stooles  xij  in  all ;  xix    nij 

knobbs  for  the  senat  howse  xvj 

Itfh  more  for  Nayles  of  sundry  sortf  by  him  ) 
browght  in  T;  imployed  in  thoffice  ) 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  appereth ;  lxix     ix 

The  Car-  Rowland  Robinson  for  stuf  by  him  pvided  vz! 

s.  d. 

penter             Rafters  at  xiiijd.  the  peece  lviij  ; lxvij    viij 

Dubble  Quarters  at  vjd.  the  peece.  12.  vj 

singell  quarters  at  ijd. ;  the  peece.  38.  ix       vj 

Boordes  iiij.c  di,  at  vjs.  the  C xxvij 

Seeling  Boorde  j  .c  price  ;     vj    viij 

Nayles  by  him  employed ;    xj 

ffur  Poles  lx  price  ; xxx 

Plank  ij  price; ij 

Cariages  to  T;  fro ;    iij      vj 

viij11.     iij     iiij 


Patternes 
and  leaves 
Cutt 


Willam  Pilkington  thimbroderer  for  cutting  of  lxxij 
leaves  wcb  were  cutt  iij  tymes  duble  vid3  ij  tymes  in 
pap  %  ones  in  satin  ;  xviij8.  for  making  of  vj  patternes 
1  for  cutting  therof  for  samples  for  the  gownes  of  Cloth 
ofgolde;  iij3.     In  all ;  xxj8. 


Cariages 
&c. 


Lockes 
keyes  haspes 
and  henges. 


Richard  Gryme  T;  others  for  cariage  of  the  fframes  for 
the  bowses  that  served  in  the  playes  T:  other  stuf  T:  ap- 
parell  for  the  playrs  %  Maskers,  wl  theier  attendance 
daye  %  nighte  sundry  tymes  at  Set  Johns  %  at  the 
Coorte  betweene  Christmas  and  the  Munday  after  twelfe 
daye ;  xxvj8.  |  Richard  Tayler  °t  Roger  Atkenson  ;  ij8.  | 
Geordge  Haukinson  T;  sundry  others ;  vj8.  xxxiiij8. 

John    Collins   for  hing£  to  the   Colehowse   dore  in 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  61 

thoffice;  xijd.  |  \  to  others  for  Lockf  keyes,  haspes,  % 
henges  for  dores  Ht  windos ;  xiij8.  iiijd.  in  all  w*  nailes ; 
ij8.  xvj8.  iiijd. 

John  Drawater  for  Lynke  *\  botehier  betweene  the  be-  Botehier 
ginnyng  %  end  of  the  wrkf ;  xvij8.  viijd.     One  Lode  of  Lynkes 
Coles ;  xxijs.  |  in  Reward^  by  the  speciall  appointfht  of  war(jgS  &~ 
Mr  J.  Forteskue  to  be  geven  to  Mr  Nicholas  Nudigate ; 
xl8.     And  by  thappointmt  of  the  Mr;  xij8.     And  for 
Taynterhookes  %  other  necessaries  ;  iij8.  vjd. 

iiij11.  xvs.  ijd. 

Bryan  Dodmer  for  Botehier  1  charges  in  suyng  owte  Rewardes 
the  privie  seale,  w*  sundry  Reward^  by  him  geven  for 
expedicon  in  obtayning  the  cc11.  afore  charged  as  prest, 
and  for  his  owne  travell  %  attendaunce  in  sundry  affares 
of  this  office  to  him  comitted  at  this  tyme  before  men- 
cioned ;  in  all ;  lx8. 

Willam  Newman  for  vj  Ml  Billettf ;  lxxij8.    and  for  ffuell 
vj.c  ffagottf  ;  xxx8.     And  to  Wm  Wood  for  ij  Lodes  of 
Coles;  xl8.   in  all;  vij11.  ij8. 

John  Okes  for  a  close  stoole  for  the  Maskers  T;  Players  Necessaries 
^tc  to  use  at  the  Coorte ;  viij8.    for  Lyer  to  strengthen 
the  hangings  w*  wrkef  done  by  him  T:  his  servant£  at  the 
Coorte  %  sundry  other  Necessaries  by  him  there  used ; 
xij8.  xd.  xxs.  xd. 

All  Themptions  for  Christmas,  New  yeres  tyde  Betweene 
%  Twelftyde  w*  the  other  charge,  besides  the  wages  is      ^e  x^\£? 

ccxxviij11.  vijd.  And  the  xjth 
exr  T.  Blagrave.  of  Jan.  1573. 

-,       "     „  AnnoRR"86 

Edivarde  Buggyn.  Eliz  prd 

Walter  ffysshe.        xvjt0. 


62  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

ffor  Candell-  Woorkes  doone  %  Attendaunce  geven  upon  the 
masBe-  j^ew  ma^jng5  Translating,  fFytting,   ffurnishing,  Gar- 

xjth  0f  jan  nishing  setting  foorth  and  taking  in  agayne  of  sundry 
aforesaide       kindes   of  Apparell  proptyes  and  Necessaries  Incident 

aild  the  ffySt  Timoclia  at  the  sege  of  Thebes  by  Alexander 

offfebr.  *  f°r  One  Playe  showen  at  Hampton  Coorte  before  her 
1573.  Anno  Matie  by  Mr  Munkesters  Children.  And  one  Mask  of 
xv-to  '  Ladies  w*  lights  being  vj  vertues,  likewise  prepared  % 

brought  thither  in  Redynesse  but  not  showen  for  the 
Tediusnesse  of  the  playe  that  nighte.  The  Charges 
of  all  which  with  the  parties  Names  to  whome  any 
mony  is  due  or  hath  been  payde  for  the  same  perty- 
culerly  ensueth.  vidzl 

Taylers  T:  others  the  first  at  xxd.  and  all  the  rest  at 
xvjd.  the  daye  %  the  like  for  the  nighte. 

Sma  xxx11.  xvjs.  iiijd. 

Propty  Makers,  Imbroderers  T:  Habberdashers ; 

Sma  ix11.  xxd. 

Paynters  Sma  xju.  xxijd. 

dayes         nights  li.      s. 

Officers  The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  daie 20  ...  10  vj 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ijs 20  ...  10  Ix 

The  Clerk  at  ij9 20  ...  10  Ix 

The  Yoman  at  ijs 20  ...  10  Ix 

Sma  xv 

All  the  wages  )  Artiffic"  Ic.  K  xix8.  )  .     ..      . 

v  >  lxv1 .  XIXs.  xd. 

for  Candellmas  is  )  xd.     Officers,  xv11.      J 

T.  Blagrave.        Edward  Buggyn. 

Walter  fysshe. 

Candellm^    Emptions  and  provisions  w*  other  charges 
incident 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  63 

Walter  ffish  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  ;  vidz)  The  yomana 

h.       s.  d.      provisions 

Buekerams  vj  peecf  at  iiij9.  the  peece ;  xxiiij 

Gloves  for  the  Ladyes  Maskers  vj  paier  5  xij 

Glooves  for  the  torchebearers,  vj  paier ;  viij 

Itrn  ij  dozen  for  children;  xij 

Thredd  of  sundry  sortf ;     xvij       ix 

Tape  di.  ft);     ij 

ffeltf  for  Boyes  hatf  vj.  iiij8.  vjd.  fori 

womens  hattf  vj.  iiij3.  vjd.  |  and  for  >  xiij       vj 

Men  vj.  iiij8.  vjd.  in  all  for  feltf       J 

Hookes  %  eies  wl  thackbroches ix 

Keyes  for  the  entry  dore  iij ; xviij 

Coles  one  Lode; xxij 

Cariages  by  Land; xvj 

Barge  T;  Botehier  to  T;  fro  Hamto  corte ;  xxviij 

Reward^  to  the  wrkmen  to  buy  vit-  j 

tell  at  Hampton  Coorte,                  J 
In  all  as  by  his  bill,  Txj vij       vij        x 

Richard  Sharp  for  the  wax  and  woorkmanshipp  of  vj  The  Wex- 
personages  with  the  rest  of  the  propties  on  vj  candell-  chaundler 
sticky  at  viij8.  the  peece ;  xlviij8.  |  vj  sweete  lightf  of 
white  wex  for  the  same ;  vij8.     In  all  with  ij8.  toward^ 
his  expencf  at  the  Coorte ;  lvij8. 

ij  s.  8d. 

John  Ollyf  for  vij  Baskettf  made  of  purpose  to  cary  The  Basket- 

*8'viiJd'  maker 

the  candellstickf  T:  ppties  T:  for  certeine  small  Baskettf 

xij  8. 

%  iij  greate  hampers  in  all ;  xxvj8.  iiijd. 

Robert  Moorer  for  perfumes  to  burne  at  thende  of  Matches  and 
the  Matches ;  vj8.  |  %  for  sweete  powder  made  of  Musk  Powder 
T:  Amber ;  xj8.  viijd.  |  in  all ;  xvij8.  viijd. 

Hawnce  Eottf  for  sundry  petternes  by  him  made  ;  vj8.  pattemesfor 

Maskes 


64  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

The  Turner  for  vj  Candellstickf  of  wood  specially  framed  %  turned 
for  the  prpose  to  beare  the  ppties  Ht  lights  in  the  Ladyes 
Mask ;  -  xvj8.  iiijd. 

The  Hahber-  for  sylver  paper  for  the  Maskers  sleeves  iiij  doze  di.  at 
dasher  iilj».  the  dozen ;  xviij8. 

Silkwoman  for  Buttons  and  flowers  for  Maskers  heddf  vij  T;  one 
silk  tree  for  a  device  in  one  of  the  Candellstick^  T;  a  box 
to  put  them  in  ;  xvj8.  |  A  Border  of  edging  for  a  wo- 
mans  hed  ;  viij8.  xxiiij8. 

Upholster  for  pendente  of  burnished  golde  for  the  Maskers  gar- 

mentf  vij  dozen ;  xiiij8.    silk  for  tassells  T;  setting  them 
on  ;  ijs.     Itm  mor  iij  doze  ;  vj8.  xxij8. 

viij 

The  skri-  for  writing  in  fayer  Text  the  speches  dd  to  her  Matie; 

vener  vys>  xd# 

Cariages  to  for  Cariage  of  fframes  for  the  players  hows  1  brynging 
Hampton  t]iem  bacfc  from  the  QQrte  to  saint  jones  q.  for  a  tilt  bote 
Cuo'te  ,     .. 

besides ;  in  all ;  xx8.  vnjd. 

Rewardea  To  the  paynters  %  others  that  went  to  Hampton  Corte 

and  Ex-  q.  staveci  tnere  that  nighte  as  also  the  fellow  that  kept 
pences  at  H.  °  r 

Coorte  the  stuff  iij  daies ;  xx8. 

s.        d. 

Property         John  Caro  for  viij  bills   xvj 

percells  Targettf  vj  

Gunnes  vj  ;  xij 

6  6 

fflasks  %  tuchboxes  x 

Armyng  swordes  vj ix 

Truncheons  xj  ;    iij  viij 

Bowes  vj ;     vj 

Arrowesxij; xx 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  65 

s.  d. 

Boordf  for  the  lightf ij  viij 

Long  Poles  to  hang  them   ij  vilj 

Daggers;  iij  ;  iij 

In  all  amounting  unto ;   lxxvj  viij 

Barnard  ffabian  for  di.  lb  seering  candells ;  viijd.  |  xiiij  TheChaund- 
doze  of  Candells  at  iij9.   vjd.  the  dozen;  xlix8.  |  Pack 
thread  j  lb  xijd.  |  Lyne  one  peece  ;  xd.   a  greate  corde ; 

xijd.     Lynks  ijs.     In  all  liij8.  xd. 

y 

Thomas  Booreman  for  horshier  iij  daies  to  hampton  Horshyer 

Coort  w*  expencf  there,  xnjs«  uyd« 

Willam  Lyzarde   for  mony  to   him  due  for  sundry  paVnters 

cullers,  vz)  percells 

6.       a. 

Syze  T;  pottf  vij 

White  x  lb  at  iijd.  the  lb  v 

Black  iij  lb  at  xvjd.  the  lb iiij 

Nayles;  viij 

Smalt  iij  lb  at  iij3.  vjd.  the  lb    x     vj 

Masticote  j  lb ;   iij 

Ende  di.  lb;    \ ij  "viij 

sinop  jib; ij 

Browne  di.  Tb;    ix 

Vert  j  lb ij  viij 

sape  j  qfe™ xx 

Gold  culler iij 

Glew   viij 

Wex; vj 

Golde  v 

sylver  vj 

ffynegolde vj  viij 

Vermillion  ij 

Byce  3  6zc£    iij 

A  canstick  of  wood    xij 


Silk  weaver 


Thimbro- 
derer 


The  Buskin- 
maker 


The  Wex- 

chaundler 

Property 
percells 


Perles  and 
flowers 


66  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.        s.        d.  - 

fflower  %  past viij 

shells  of  golde  ij ij  viij 

shells  of  Sylver  iij 

fyne  cullers  for  wex  wrke  . .  * vj 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  appereth  amounting  to ;     iiij  j 

Willam  Bowll  for  mony  to  him  due  for  ffrenge  of  fine 
copp  silver  at  xviijd.  vj  Tb  xix  owncf  viij11.  xijs  vjd. 

Past  boorde  lardge  iij  dozen  di  xiiij3. 

Bawderickf  T:  Tassells  of  fFyne  copp  sylver  T:  black  silk 
xij  for  the  flaskf  T:  tucheboxes  price  ;       iiij11.    iiij8. 

Tassells  more  vj  ouncf ; ixs. 

In  all  amounting  as  by  his  bill ;    xnjH«  xix8.  vjd. 

Willam  Pilkington  for  Tufting  vj  lardge  kirtells  of 
greene  Sattin  w*  golde  sarcenet  all  over  wrought  iiij11.  1 
iij  samples  wrought ;  xiij8.  iiijd.    A  felt  xijd.  |  vij  sylver 
buttons  for  hattf  ;  v8.  xd.     A  paier  of  Joyned  tressells ; 
ij8.  in  all ;  cij8.  ijd. 

John  ffarrington  for  making  ij  paier  of  painted  Bus- 
kins ;  iiij8.  A  paier  of  yolo  T:  Redd  velvett ;  xxd.  A 
paier  of  Russet  taffata  startopps ;  xvjd.  vijs. 

John  Izard  for  a  proofe  of  pfumed  lightf  ijs.  vjda 

John  Carow  for  seeling  boorde  C ;  vjs.  viijd. 
Itrh  for  Nayles  by  him  M  to  the  Clerkf  custody  xs.   in 
a^  y  xjs.  viijd. 

Martyn  Hardrett  for  perles  sett  upon  silver  bonelace 
for  the  Ladys  Maskers  headf  ccc  %  odd ;  xxxs. 

Itm  for  vj  greate  Roses  at  xijd.  the  peece ;  vjs.  |  a  smaler 
sorte  xviij  at  viijd.  the  peece ;  xijs.  1  for  vij  doze  di.  at 
ijd.  the  peece ;  xvs.  in  all  xxxiii8. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  67 

John  Carowe  for  c  plancheborde ;  iij8,  iiijd.  and  for  vj   Planche 

sparres ;  iij8.  iiijd.    in  all ;  vj8.  viijd.  boorde  and 

sparres 

John  Lam  for  spangles  for  the  Ladyes  Mask ;  vs.  |     Spangles 
1  for  pynns  dd  to  Caro  for  the  Clothes ;  xd.  v8.  xd.  and  Pinnes 

Granger  the  Bargeman  for  his  Bardge  T:c  wch  caried  Cariages  by 

the  fFrames  Tt  su  of  the  stuf  to  Hampto  Coorte :  xij8.  land  a?d  . 

.  water  to  the 

viijd.   %  for  Land  cariage  paid  to  J.  Hutten  by  Mr  Bug-  Coorte 
gins  appointing  iijs.  xvs.  viijd. 

Bryan  Dodmer  for  the  charge  of  him  selfe  %  others ;  Journeyeng 
v3.     Mr  Nudigate  %  the  Wexchandler  T;c  before  can-  charges  and 
dellmas,  whiles  the  chamber  for  the  Revells  was  prepared  ^  Cd'te  and 
*$  the    stuf  bestowed ;  vj8.     And  farder  lykewyse   re-   Kingston  w* 
mayning  there  till  the  Revells  of  candellmas  was  past  T;  Rewardes 
things  safe  Returned  againe;  xs.  |  And  for  his  owne 
srvice  during  the  tyme  of  the  wrk£  aforesaide;  xls  in 
all ;  lvjs. 

To  Thomas  Lam  for  his  %  the  wexchandlers  Botehier  Botehier 
to  Hamton  Coorte  in  post  w*  the  white  lightf ;  vs.  |  theier 
Returne;  iiijs.  ixs. 

Geordge  Arnolde  for  his  expencf  at  the  Coorte  T;  at  expences  at 
Kingston  during  all  the  tyme  that  the  stuf  Remayned  at  H.  Coorte 
the  Coorte  in  the  chamber  till  her  Matie  came  thorow 
that  the  same  was  bestowed  in  the  clozet  T;c.  and  for 
sundry  necessaries  by  him  bowghte  ;  all  x8.  iiijd. 

Willam  Newman  for  ij  M  Billettf  ;  xxvj8.  viijd.  ffuell 

Itm  more  to  Willam  Wood  for  a  lode  of  Coles  ;  xxij8. 

xlviijs.  viiid. 

Edward  Buggin  Clerkcomptrowler  of  thoffice  for  Bote-  Bothier  Ri- 
hier  and  horshier  w*  other  expenef  at  Hampton  Coorte  an(jEx- 
T:  at  Kingston  1c.  at  this  tyme  ;  xxs.  pences 

F  2 


68 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Bryan  Dodraer  for  botehier  to  1  fro  hamptoncorte 
after  Candellmas  to  know  my  L  Chambleyne  his  pleasure 
for  mony  due  by  this  booke  T:  likewise  his  pleasure  for 
preparacons  to  be  made  against  Shrovety ;  viij3.  and  for 
his  expencf  at  the  Coorte  "l  at  Kingston  during  that  at- 

iij  daies  and  iij  nightes  .... 

tendaunce  for  that  mattr;  vj8.  xmj8. 


All  Themptions  j  ^  ^  yijd>  exr#  T  BlagraV€, 
lc  at  Candellm-s  J  Edward  Buggyn. 

Walter  fysshe. 


ffor  Shrovetyde  at  Hampton  Coorte 

Woorkf  doone  %  attendaunce  geven  T:  provi- 
sions made  for  the  players  and  Maskf  showen  at 


Betweene 
the  vte  of 

the  Fvrste  of  XV^   '  shrovetide  aforesaide  New  making,  Translating, 
Marche  a°  Repayring,  flitting,  ffurnishing ;  Garnishing  T:  set- 

' p  '  ting  foorth  of  sundry  kindes  of  Apparell  ppties  furniture 
%  necessaries  Incident  thereunto.  And  likewise  the 
Taking  in  againe  making  cleane  T:  safe  bestowing  therof 
T:  of  the  whole  store  of  The  Office.  The  charges  wherof 
as  also  for  all  other  Business  thereunto  belonging  T:  w*in 
that  tyme  issued  %  due  to  the  parties  hereunder  written 
pticulerly  ensueth,  vid3 


Playes 
playde  at 
Hampton 
Coorte  as 
ffoJloweth. 


Philemon  T;  philecia  play  by  the  Erie  of  Lecesters 
men  on  Shrove  Mundaye  nighte. 

Percius  T:  Anthomiris  playde  by  Munkestrs  Children 
on  Shrovetewsdaye  at  Nighte ; 

ij.  |  Throughly  furnished  garnished  T:  fytted  with  the 
store  of  thofHce  and  ©visions  following ; 


Maskes 
showen  at 
Hampton 
Coorte 


Warriers  vij  w*  one  shippmr  that  uttered  speches 
Torchebearers  vj  the  warriers  had  hargabusss 
Ladyes  vij  w*  one  that  uttered  a  speeche 
Torchebearers  vj.   both  wch  Masks  were  showene  on 
Shrovetewsdaye  nighte. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  69 

ij  |  furnished  %  garnished  wl  the  store  of  thoffiee  1 
provisions  following. 

ffor  Shrovetyde  aforesaide 

Taylers  and  others  the  ffirst  at  xxd.  the  residue  at 
xijd.  the  daie  %  asmuche  for  the  nighte. 

Sma  xxxju.  ijs.  iiija. 

Carpenters  at  xiiijd.  p  diem.  Sma  xvjs.  iiijd. 

Paynters  at  xxd.  xviijd.  xvjd.  1  xijd.  p  diem. 

Sma  xvj11.  viijs.  vjd. 

Proptymakers,  Imbroderers  Habberdashers  T;  Wyer-  Property- 
drawers.  Sma  viii11.  vis.  iiiid.  raakers  Im_ 

J       J        J       broderers 

dayes  nights  li.  s. 

The  Mr  at  iiijs.  per  diem  ...  23  ...   10  vj     xij   Officers 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ijs 23  ...  10  lxvj 

The  Clerk  at  ij* 23  ...  10  lxvj 

The  Yoman  at  ij8 23  ...  10  lxvj 

Sma  xvj       x 

Artificers  Tx.  lvj11.  xiij*.  vjd.     Offi-  )  .  All  the 

cers ;         xvj11.  xs.  j  J  •    J  •    J  •  Wages  for 

exr  T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Buggy  n. 
Walter  fysshe. 

ffor  Shrovetyde  aforesaide  Emptions  provisions  %  other 

charges  incident 
Walter  ffysh  for  mony  by    him  disburced ;    vidz!    for  T,     Y 
Buckerams  xij  peeces  at  iiij8.  the  peece     ...     xl.viij  provision 

Bladders  xvj 

ffeltevj vj 

Thread  of  sundry  cullers  T:  prices ; xij  viij 

Golde  Sarcenett  for  one  odd  head ;  l(j,tr...  iij      ij 


70  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Glooves  washte  vj  paier  for  Maskers ;  x8.    Torchebearers 
vj  pe  viij8.  %  ij  dozen  di.  for  Children ;  xv9.         xxxiij8. 

li.  8.  d.^ 

Buttons  j  groce    xij 

Calles  at  viijd.  the  peece  vij    iiij    viij 

Bandf  and  RufFf  for  children  all  span- 
gled 8 xxvj    viij 

A  Booke  of  Riall  paper  for  ye  yoman ;  . . .  vj 

Tape  jib;    iiij 

A  Whissell  of  Sylvr  for  a  shipp  Mr  hiered ;  ij       vj 

Ink  for  the  Yoman  ;    vj 

Coles  j  lode ;    xxij 

Reward^  T:  expencf  at  Hampton  Corte  ;  vij    viij 

Barge   T:   Botehier    to   T:    fro   Hampton 

Coorte ;     xxij 

Carrages  by  Land  ; xxij 

Horshier  for  him  selfe  T:  his  man ; vj    viij 

In  all  as  by  his  bill,  w*  iiij  fardngalls  ;  ...  xij 

xj  xiiij 

The  Wyer-  Thomas  Leverett  for  sundry  pcells  of  his  wares,  vidz 

drawer  and     plates  for  the  Braunches  that  bare  the      "•  8-       d- 

his  tiercells 

lightf  in  the  hall  at  Hampton  Coorte 

ex  at  xd.  the  peece,  in  all;  iiij  xi  viii 

24  1b.  at  xd.  the  lb. 

Wyer  to  strayne  crosse  the  hall  %  to 
hang  the  braunches  with  the  lights 

viij  Tb  at  xijd.  the  lb  price ; xxviij 

Nayles  M  ;    xx 

Candellsticks  of  dubble  plate  xij.  price ;  iij 

Plates  with  holes  for  hattf  ; iij 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  appereth  amounting 

unto  vj        vij    iiij 

Sylk  Weaver       Willam  Bowll  for  sundry  pcells  of  ware,  vz!. 
Bone  Lace  of  fyne  Copp  silver  x  lbs.  at 
xviijd.  the  ownce ;     xij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  71 

li.  8.  d. 

ffrenge  1  Buttons  of  like  stuf  %  Rate  ijlb.  xlviij 

Ollyff  branches  1  trees  of  silk ;    viij  ij 

A  Box  to  contayne  the  prmiss ;    ijlb. 

In  Reward  for  speciall  srvic£  by  him  done  ;  xx 

All  which  amounteth  unto ; xv      xvj  ij 

Willam  Lyzard  for  sundry  Cullers  by  him  pvided  ;  yid3 

n.  s.       d. 

Syze; ,  vj 

smalt; x     vj 

Byce;     iiij 

Ende;    xvj 

Masticot;  iij 

sinop;    ij 

vert; ij  viij 

sape; xx 

white;    xij 

Black;    xvj 

Vermillion;    ij 

Sylver  |  2200; xxxiij 

ffyne  golde  200 :   xiij   iiij 

Glew;    xij 

Syze;     vj 

Vermillion;   ij 

sinop.  j  lb  di,     iij 

ffyne  white  j  lb xvj 

ffyne  Black  j  lb ;  ij  viij 

xij  shells  of  silvr; xij 

viij  shells  of  sinop  pap ;    ij  viij 

Goulde  iiijc.  at  ijs.  viij  le  c ;     , . .  x  viij 

Past  pap  v  dozen ;     x 

Glew;     xij 

Assedue,  iiij  lb ;    xij  viij 

Golde  culler  j  lb  di; vj 

The  Grinding  of  iiij  pe  of  sheeres ;     ...  viij 

Yron  cullers;     xvj 

In  all  as  by  his  bill ; vij      xiiij      x 


Paynters 
percells  for 
the  clptes 
and  pro- 
perties 


ffor  Mask- 
heades  Wea- 
pons gunnes 
flaskes  tuch- 
boxes  and 
branches  for 
lightes. 


72 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Buskin- 
maker 


John  ffarrington  for  making  and  selling  of  vj  paier  of 
purple  Buskins  w*  Males  painted  on  them  ;  xijs.  Redd 
paynted  Buskins  ij  paier ;  iiijs.     Yolow  gold  Taffita,  8 

xxixs.  iiijd. 


paier;  xnjs 


iiijd. 


The  Mil- 
lioner 


Martin  Hardrett  Tx.  for  iiij  Braunches  of  Ollyffs  made 
of  greene  sylk ;  iiij3.  |  ffor  the  Tronchwomans  heade  T, 
for  vij  Hatband?  for  the  men  Maskers  T:c.  xlvj3.  viija. 
In  all  1 


vnjd. 


ffuell  Willam  Newman  for  iij  M1  billettC  ;  xl8.  %  to  Dawncy 

for  j  lode  of  Coles  ;  xxijs.  lxij8. 


The  ffether- 
maker- 


for  vj  band?  of  ffethers  for  the  MeniMaskers  %  one  for 
the  Tronchewoman  in  all  vij  price  ;  liijs.  iiijd. 


The  Car- 
penter 


Rowland  Robynson  for  iij  Elme  boordes  T:  vij  Ledges 
ffor  the  fframes  for  the  players  T:  for  Nayles  Tx. 


iijs.  viiid. 


Itfh  for  vyces  to  wrest?  to  draw  the  wyers  tighte  wheron 
the  light?  did  hang  crosse  the  hall  iiij8. 


Horshier 
and  Jorney- 
eng  charges 


Thomas  Booreman  for  mony  by  him  layd  owte  sundry 
tymes  for  the  hier  of  Horses  and  for  theier  meate  whiles 
they  travelled  T:  remayned  at  Kingston  Tx.  ffirst  the 
xxth  of  ffebruary  for  ij  Gelding  to  osterly  %  to  Hampton 
Coorte  to  know  my  L.  Chamberlens  Pleasure  %  back 
againe  to  saint  Jones  T:  likewise  to  the  Coorte  againe  T; 
there  remayning  vij  daies  at  xxd.  the  daye  %  theier 
charge  at  Kingston  T:c.  together.  xxxix8.  iiijd. 


c    .         ,  John   Drawater   for  Cariage   of  fframes  %   painted 

land  and  by    Clothes  for  the  players  howses  to  hampton  Corte  attend- 

Water  jng  ^he  Same  there  till  service  therw*  was  past  and  so 

returning  the  same.     In  all  we  the  Carters  and  Car- 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  73 

penters  expencf  there  whiles  thay  wayted  %  the  Carmens 
wages  %  horshier  for  him  selfe ;  xxxv8.  iiijd.  And  for 
Boote  and  Bardgehier  to  %  fro  the  Coorte  w*  certayne 
other  stuf;  xvj3.  8d.  In  all  w*  his  botehier  sundry 
tymes  to  Westminster  for  the  children  that  served  the 
Mask.  ljs.  iiijd. 

Itin  for  the  diettf  1  Lodging  of  dyvers  childre  at  Diett  for 

saint  Jones  whiles  thay  Learned  theier  ntf  1  Jestures  Cmldren 

Maskers  be~ 
meete  for  the  Mask  in  wch   ix   of  them  did  serve  at  fore  shrove- 

Hampton  Coorte;  xxxiij3.  iiijd.  tide. 

John  Owgle  for  xiiij  Beardf  Marquesotted  at  xvjd.  the  The  vyzard- 
peece  ;  xviij3.  viijd.   T:  for  egg£  to  make  cleane  vizardf  :   maker- 

curing  heares,  &c. 

iijd.  And  for  his  wages  or  reward  for  his  srvice  at  this 
tyme  before  omitted ;  xs.  viijd.     In  all ;         xxix3.  viijd. 

Thomas  Lamb  for  the  Carmen  T:c  that  caried  certayne  Land 
of  the  stuf  in  hamps  to  the  water  T£  w*  iiijd.  by  him  paid  Cariages 
for  bladders  in  all ;  xxd. 


To  Bruton  of  Powles  wharfe  for  a  Bardge  T:  vj  ores  Bardgehier 
with  ij  Tylt  Whirreyes  that  caryed  the  Masking  geare  and  Botehier 
1  Children  w*  theier  tutors  and  an  Italian  Woman  T:c  to  corte 
Dresse  theier  head^  as  also  the  Taylers  ppty  makers  T: 
haberdashers  $  xxiiij3. 

To  Wm  Skarboro  for  ffyer  T:  vittells  for  the  Children  Expences  at 
T:  theier  attendant^  whiles  they  wayted  to  know  whether  „u  °  e  on 
her  Matie  wolde  have  the  Maske  that  nighte  ;      ix8.  vjd.  Mundaye. 


Lodging,  ffyer,  %  vittells  for  the  children  T:  Women  y*  Expenses  at 

wayted  tattyer  them  w*  others  y*  were  appointed  to  stay  Kingston  on 

till  the  Mask  were  showen  and  for  theier  dynners  the  next  Ni°-hte 

daye  being  Shrovetewsdaye  there  \  xiiij3.  viijd.  aforesaide 


74  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

The  Barber         for  trymmyng  the  Children  on  Shrovetuisdaye  ;     xijd. 

Expenses  at        To  Skarboro  for  the  Childrens  supps  %  the  Womens 

the  Coo'te  on  su        wt  the  Rest  of  thattendantf  :                          ixs.  xd. 

bnrovetwis-  *  *" 

daye 

Expenses  at  To  Mother  sparo  for  the  childrens  lodgings  w*  ffyer  % 

Kingston  on  ff00^e  that  ni„hte  %  in  the  Morning  whiles  thay  staied 

Shrovetwis-  e  &  J 

daie  nighte      for  botes  >  X1JS- 

Bardge  and        To  Bruton  for  his  Bardge  T;  ij  whirreyes  to  cary  the 

f  °tehthr         children  1  stuff  back  to  Londo  and  for  his  wayting  daie 

Coote  ^  nighte  to  cary  the  Children  betwene  the  Coorte  T; 

kington ;  xxvs.  vjd. 

Expenses  at        To  Thomas  Totnall  for    yer  T:  vittells  for  the  Children 

e     ac  when   they  landed  sii   of  them   being  sick  T;  colde  % 

nryers  on  J  & 

ash  Wednes-   hungry;  vi  s.  vjd. 

daie. 

Rewardes  To  the  Nine  Children  that  served  at  ye  Coorte  \  ixs.  | 

and  hier  of     To  the  Italian  Woman  T:  her  dawght'  for  Lending  the 
Womens  °  to 

heares  for       heares  "tc.  T:  for  theier  srvice  *\  attendauncf ;  xxxiij3.  iiijd. 

the  Children  To  N.  Nudigate  by  thappointmt  1  at  the  request  of 

Mr  Fortescue  in  respect  of  his  srvice  T;  paines  w*  the 

childre  and  otherwise.  xl8.     And  to  Bryan  Dodmer  for 

his  paynes  sundry  waies  imployed;  xls.         vj11.  ijs.  iiijd. 

Horshier  Edward  Buggin  clerkcomptrowler  for  mony  by  him 

andBotehier  disburced  for  the  hier  of  Horses  to  Hampton  Coo'te 

theier  expencf  there  1  at  Kingston  1  likewise  for  his 

Botehier  sundry  tymes  w4  rewardf  geven  *X  other  ex- 

pencf  in  thaffares  of  this  office ;  xxs. 

Necessaries         The  Clerk  for  his  ordinari  Greene  cloth,  pap  Ink, 
for  Cownters  %  other  Necessaries  incident  to  his  office  : 

lxvj8.  viijd. 
Sma  iiij11.  vjs.  viijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  75 

All  Themptions  Ic  \  _     ....  ...,A 

forShrovetydeis/lxxmJ'X'-mJexr- 

T7.  Blagrave. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
Walter  fysshe. 

The  Totall  su  of  this  whole  volume  according  to  the 
de vision  therof  5  vidS. 

wages  f  Artifficers  1c.  xvij".  viij8.  viijd.  %    "•  ..    3-..    d;. 
of  I  Officers  xj».  fxxvnjvujvuj 

Emptions  T;  other  charges  y*  tyme; vij   xij      ij 

Sma  xxxvj  x   MT  Druryes 

Wedding 

wages  f  Artifficers  T:c.  c.xiiij11.  iiij8.  vjd.  1  

ofloffycers:  xvij".    x».        |  C™J  X»»J  VJ 

Emptions  T:  other  charges  then cc.xxviij  vij 

Sma       ccc.lix      xv     j    Christmas. 

wages  f  Artifficers;  Ic.  ...     R  xix8.  xd.  ) 

lxv    xix    x 


of  l  Officers  ;    xv 


} 


Emptions  T:  other  charges  then lxiij     iiij  vij 

Sma  c.xxix     iiij     v  Candellmas 

wages  J  Artifficers  ;  1c.  lvju.  xiij8.  vjd.  ) 

of  (Officers; xvj".     x».         J    lxX1J      "J   VJ 

Emptions  and  other  charges  then ; lxxiiij        x  iiij 

Sma     c.xlvij     xiij     x   Shrovetyde 
In  all  as  more  pticculerly  by  the  same  booke  appereth 

amounting  unto  d.c.lxxij11.  xiiij8.  ijd. 

as  followeth  more  breefely. 


76  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Sm°  of  all  the  whole  Booke  as  is  before  so  here  more 
Breefely.  November,  December  January  T;  ffebruari 
anno  R.Rnro-  Elizabeth  xvjto.  prd. 

c.  li.^        ••     d. 

Wages  )  Artifficers ;  Tx  ;  ij  xxxix  vj  vj  )  ?..    «    u.    •.  d.# 
of  J  Offycers,  1c  Ix    '       J  1J  mj  X1X  VJ  VJ 

XX 

Emptions  1  all  other  charges; ccciijxiij11.  vij8.  viijd. 

vjc.  lxxij11.  xiiij9.  vjd. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edwarde  Duggyn. 
Walter  Fysshe. 

Canvas  at  Hereunto  is  to  be  added  a  peece  of  Canvas  cont.  xl  ells 

Shrovetyde     which  WQg  browght  into  thoffice  by  Mr»  Danes  srvant  at 

forgotten  °  J 

before  xijd.  the  ell  it  was  for  the  howses  made  for  the  players 

then ;  xl9. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  77 


[BOOK   IV.] 


Revells  in  One  Yeare.  vidz!. 

The  Booke  of  all  Charges  growen  wlin  the  said  Office  ffrom  the 

and  by  meanes  of  thaffares  thereunto  belonging  for  that  e^* 

mi  tm  •      ,    •  lo73  anno 

tyme  Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  being  appoynted  Master  RRl,ffiEliza- 

of  the  same  (as  by  sundry  Letters  from  the  Lorde  Cham-  btne.  xvJto 

berlaye  maye  appeare)    He  proceded  therein  Geving  at-  jja<5t  0f  -p  v 

tendaunce,  and  making  preparacon  with  other  service   1574  anno 

Incident  thereunto,  as  occasion  required:  for  her  Ma-  w,      7,      " 

^  bthe  prd 

gestyes  Regall  Disporte  and  Recreacion,  at  tymes  con-  xvijmo 

venyent.  Wherein  the  charges  arose,  and  did  grow  as 
ffolloweth.  As  well  for  him  selfe;  as  also  for  others 
hereafter  ensuing. 

Firste. 
ffor  the  Progresse  to  Reading  ric.    And  Lykewyze  ffor  Betweene 
the  Ayryng,  Repayryngs,  Translatyngf,  preparing,  ffyt-  tne  ^ast  °f 
ting,   ffurnishing,   Garnishing,  Attending   and   setting  SSL[^e  j5^3 
foorth  of  sundry  kyndf  of  Apparell  propertyes  T;  fFurny-  And  the  ffirst 
ture  for  the  Italyan  Players  that  fFollowed  the  progresse  ^e°said V* 
and  made  pastyme  fyrst  at  Wynsor  and  afterwardf  at  yere  anno 
Reading.     As  also  for  the  whole  charges  of  those  viij  J*^"*  E)lza- 
Moneths  any  waye  Ryzing  by  the  saide  Office  and  thaf- 
fares therto  belonging  ptycculerly  ensueth.    vid2 

Taylers  T:  others  working  T:  attending  the  premiss  the 
first  at  xxd.  the  Rest  at  xijd.  the  daie  T;  asmuche  for 
the  nyghte : 

Sma  xlj11.  xj8.  viijd. 


Property- 
makers 

Offvcers 


78  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

John  Carow  1  others  Sma  iiij11.  xij8.  vjd. 


dayes, 


The  Mr  at  iiijs  the  daye  :    40 

Clerkcomptrowler  at  ij8 40 

The  Clerke  at  ij8 40 

The  Yoman  at  ij8 40 


nights.  H.        8. 

.  5  ix 

.  5   iiij  x 

.  5  iiij  x 

,.  5  iiij  x 

Sma  xxij  x 


Sma  of  all  the  Wages  those  viij  Monethf  ending  the 
last  of  October  1574  anno  RRUJB  Eliz!  xvjt0. 

Artyficrs;  xivj".  iiij8.  ijo 

Offic'sj     xxij".  x8.  I  J  J      J 


Emptions  provizions   and  Expences  within  the  viij 
Monethes  aforesaide ;  vidz! . 


Canvas 


Implementes 
and  Ex- 
pences in 
the  Pro- 
gresse  for 
the  Italyan 
Players  at 
Wynsor  and 
Reding 


Mris  Dane  for  fForty  ells  of  Canvas  at  xijd.  the  ell 
whiche  shoulde  have  bene  alowed  in  the  last  booke  (be- 
fore this)  according  to  the  entry  there ;  but  bycause  it 
was  entred  after  the  Totall  soom  ;  and  not  subscribed  by 
any  Officer.  Therfore  the  Auditor  wolde  not  alow  it 
there  ;  Neverthelesse  she  was  paide  for  that  among  the 
residue  of  her  soommes  in  that  booke  due  as  by  her  ac- 
quittance remayning  w*  Bryan  Dodmer  maye  appere  so 
y1  now  her  dett  for  this  must  be  payd  to  the  said  Dodml . 

xl». 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  mony  by  him  disburced 
for  sundry  Implement^  %  occazions  vid3 

To  John  Carow  for  a  plank  of  fFyrr  %  other  peeces  of 
sawen  wood  ;  xvjs«  viijd. 

Itm  for  Iron  woorke  for  a  frame  for  a  seate  in  a 
pageant ;  xv8. 

I  tin  for  the  woorkmanshipp  of  the  Seate  or  Chayer, 
T^c  xviij8.  iiijd. 

Itin  for  a  hamp  to  carye  the  same  together  and  for 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  79 

cariage  of  it  from  Suthwarke  w1  Rewarde  to  carowes 
man  in  all ;  vijs. 

In  all  by  him  paid  to  Carowe  then  ;  lvijs. 

Itm  for  Ladles  T:  Dishes  to  beare  the  lightf  at  Wynsor 
for  the  Italyans  and  for  payntyng  1  garnishing  of  them 
w*  Reward^  geven  to  dyvers  whose  Necessaryes  and 
srvic£  were  then  used  ;  xjs.  vjd. 

Itm  for  preparacons  T:c.  at  Reading  the  xvth  of  July 
1574  a0  RR™.  E.  xvjt0. 

s.  d. 

Golde  Lether  for  cronetf    iij     iiij 

Thred  T:  sheperdf  hookes ;      xiiij 

Horshyer  vj  daies.  3 xxxiij 

Horsemeate  at  Reading xj      vj 

The  Viteller  at  Reading  for  the  dyett  of 

sudry  psons  ;    xv 

8 

Lamskynnes  for  Shepperds ; iiij 

Horstayles  for  the  wylde  mannes  garment...  iiij    viij 

Arrowes  for  Nymphes ;  vj 

Lights  and  shepperdf  staves  ;    vij 

Hoopes  for  Garlandf ;     iiij 

pottf  for  the  Paynter ij 

ijd-  iijd.  iiijd.  ij  d-  iiij  d- 

Packthredd,  Glew,  Lyne,  Tackf,  wyer,  1 

iiijd. 

Coles;  xix 

Plates  for  the  Candelstickf  ;  iiij 

Boordes  for  the  plates  ; xvj 

Wyer  to  hang  the  lights  ;  xvj 

Baye  Leaves  1  flowers ; xij 

for  pay nting  sundry  devicf     ij 

Reward^  to  vj  Taylers  there ;      vj 

Howsero°me  for  the  stuf ; v 

The  hyer  of  a  Syth  for  Saturne  ;  iiij 

Cariage  of  stuf  fro  Reding ;    ij       vj 

The  hier  of  a  Trunk; ij      vj 


80 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


sundry  necessaries  T;  Rewardf  disburced  by- 
John  Drawatr  there  ;  v 

In  all  for  his  disburcemtes  at  Reading    c.vj       x 


In  all  by  him  the  said  T.  Blagrave  disburced  w^n 
those  viij  Monethf  aforesaide  amouteth  unto ; 


Vllj1 


XVs 


lllj< 


ffewell  and 
Necessaries 
wl  Botehier 
&c. 


Walter  ffish  Yoman  of  the  saide  Office  for  mony  by 
him  disburced  for  fewell  ;  xxvjs.  viijd.  ffor  Thredd  of 
sundry  Cullers  T:  sundry  other  small  necessaries  ;  xiijs. 
iiijd.  And  for  Botehier  horshier  T:  Riding  charges  w* 
other  expencf  xxs. ;  lxs. 


Jorneying 
charges 


Edward  Buggin  gent  Clerkcomptrowler  of  this  Office 
for  his  Botehier,  Horshier,  Riding  charge  and  other  ex- 
pencf  wl  that  tyme  in  all ; 


xx* 


Jorneying  Bryan   Dodmer   for   his   Botehier,    horshier,    Riding 

c  arges  and  c^arges  an(j  expencf  w*in  this  tyme  of  viij  moneths  as 
also  for  his  owne  srvice  and  attendaunce  upon  theise 
matters  T:  Reconyngf  untill  thaccoute  thereof  be  past, 

lxvjs.  viijd. 

The  hyer  of        Thomas  Clatterbooke  for  hier  of  iij  devells  cotes  and 

appare  headf  T:  one  olde  mannes  fries  cote  for  the  Italian  prayers 

at  Wynsor  vs. 

Sma  of  all  the  Emptions  pvisios  and  Expencf  for  the 
Progresse  T:  those  viij  Monethf  ending  the  last  of  Octob. 
a0  RRU88  Eliz.  xvjt0  pld.  xviij11.  vijs. 


Sma  of  those  viij  Monethf  Ending  the  Last  of  Octo- 
ber 1574.     Anno  RRnae  Elizabthe  xvjt0     Amounteth  to 


Wages  J  Artificers  ;  Tic.     xlvj11.  iiij3.  ijd. 
of  I  Offycrs  ;     xxij11.    xs. 


68".  14s.  2d. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  81 

Emptions  ;  Tx.  xviij11.  vijs. 

XX. 

In  all  amouting  to  ;  iiij  viju.  xiiij8. 

T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Walter  fysshe. 

Woork  doone  and  attendaunce  geaven  Betweene  the  &or  Cbrist- 
ffyrstof  November  (1574)  Anno  RR™  Elizabthe  xvjto.  Twelftvde 
And  The  last  of  ffebruary  (1574)  Anno  RRnffl  E  pldict  Candellmas 
xvijmo.     By  meanes  of  Preparing,  Newmaking,  Trans-  JJ|J  ^7  !e" 
lating,  Repayring,  ffytting,  ffurnishing,  Garnishing,  and  Anno  RRnie 
attending  of  the  Playes,  Maskes,  Apparell,  ffurniture,  Elyzabthe 
Wares  ppertyes,  Stuf  store  and  Implement^  of  the  saide 
Office  for  the  apt  setting  foorthe  of  the  same  at  the  tymes 
aforesaide.     The  whole  charges  wherof  aswell  for  the 
wages  as  for  wares,  Cariages,  Jorneyeng  charges  *\  all 
other  expencf   thereunto  incident  hereafter  ptyculery 
ensueth.  vidzl. 

Taylers  %  others.     The  fyrst  at  xxd.  "I  all  the  residue 
at  xiid.  the  daye  and  asmuche  for  the  nighte  ; 

J  xx  li. 

Sma  of  the  Taylers  "tc.  iiij  xiiij  viij 

Paynters  at  xxd.  the  daye  1  xxd.  the  nighte. 

Sma  of  the  Paynters ;  xxxvij".  iij9.  iiijd. 

Proptymakers,    Habberdasherf,   Joyners    and    Car- 
penters. 

Sma  of  the  pptymakers  1c.  lj11.  iiijd. 

dayes  ni^htes  li. 

The  Mr  at  iiij8.  p  diem     81   ...   19  xx  Offycers 

Clerkcomptrowler,  ij9 81   ...  19  x 

The  Clerk  at  ijs 81   ...   19  x 

The  Yoman  at  ijs 81   ...  19  x 

Sma  of  ThofhVs  ft 


82  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Sma  of  those  Wages  for  November,  December,  Janu- 
ary, T:  February  vz) .  ffor  preparacon  of  Playes  %  Maskf 
and  for  Woork  doone  at  Christmas,  Twelftyde,  Can- 
dellmas  %  Shrovetyde,  Anno  RRnse  Elizabthe  xvijmo 
Amouteth  to  ccxxxij11.  iiij8.  iiijd, 

Emptions  provizions  and  Expencf  with  all  other 
Charges  for  Chrystmas,  Twelftyde  Candellmas  and 
Shrovetyde  Anno  RRn{B  E.  xvijmo  f)dict.  vid3 . 

Thymbro-  Willam  Pylkyngton  for  woork  by  him  doone  and  mony 

derers  per-  ^  ^ym  disbursed  ffor  Stytching  a  Cote  and  a  payer  of 
Buskyns  with  a  hatt  made  all  over  with  sylvercoyne  and 
for  sylk  for  the  same  ;  xvs. — A  patterne  for  a  Bande  ; 
ijs. — The  Imbrodering  of  vj  bandf  forhattf  for  Maskers 
ritchly  wroughte  with  venys  sylvr  and  for  sylk  and  sylver 
for  the  same  :  iiij11. — and  for  his  fferriage  at  Putneye. 
iiijd.  iiij11.  xvijs.  iiijd. 

Froperty-            Richard  Rowlande  for  mony  by  him  disburced. 
makers  per-  H.       s.  d. 

cells  for  J\  ayles  of  sundry  sortf  ; . .  ; xxxvij     vj 

Skynnes  to  cover  horses  :     xxj 

Glew  and  Hoopes  ; iiij  viij 

Horstayles  T:  Manes  ; xij 

Corde  and  a  Halter  for  an  asse  ;     xij 

Turning  of  pyllers  ; iiij 

Leaves  and  Mosse  ; v 

Cyzers  T;  Taynterhookes  ;    xix 

ffir  Poles  12  at  iiijd.  the  peece  : iiij 

Hunters  staves  ; iij 

Cariages; ij      ij 

In  all  Amownting  unto  ; iiij  iiij     xj 

Chaundlers         Barnard  fFabyan  for  sundry  percells  of  his  wares, 
percells  it>. 

fyrst  for  white  lightf  416  at  iiijd.  It>  ...       vj       xviij  viij 

Seering  Candell  iij  ft)  at  xvjd.  the  Ife...  iiij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  83 

li.  s.        d. 

Packthread  iij  lb  at  xijd.  the  1ft  iij 

Corde  %  Lyne  of  severall  sortf  xiij  viij 

Lynkes  xxx  at  iiijd.  the  peece  ; x 

In  all  as  by  his  bill  more  at  lardge  ap- 

pereth;      , viij  ix   iiij 

Henri  Devenish  for  mony  to  him  due : 

for  iiij  plates  for  the  Rock  ; ij         x  Property- 

Postf  at  xiiijd.  the  peece  iiij  price  ;     iiij     viij   ^ji^  per" 

Upper  peeces  for  the  topp  iiij  ;   xxij 

Quarters  for  the  dore  ij  price  ;     vj 

Eves  boorde  159  foote  price;  xij 

El  me  Boorde  76  foote  price  ;  iiij     viij 

seeling  Boorde  113  foote  price  ; viij 

Nayles  of  sundry  sortf  ;  xiiij 

Lightf  by  him  bowght  T;  spent  there  ;   vij 

Eves  boorde  more  47  foote,  price ; iij      iiij 

seeling  Boord  more  17  foote  ; xiiij 

Transoms  ij  price  :   vj 

In  all  by  him  dd  T:  Imployed  in  thoffice ;    . . .  xlj       iij 

Willam  iiyler  for  mony  to  him  due  for 

Oken  Inche  liooaie  200  foote  J  ; x vj     viij   Carpenters 

Dubble  Quarters  xxiiij  ;   xij             percells 

syngle  Quarters  1 0  at  iijd.  the  peece ; ij        vj 

Itm  more  xxiiij  single  quarters ; vij       vj 

A  planck  %  Beeche  for  a  ladder  ;    ij     viij 

Itm  more  for  oke  Inche  boorde  100  foote  1  iij 
quarters  of  a  hundred  and  x  foote  in   all 

amtin»to;  xij     viij 

syngle  boorde  di  c  1  v  foote  ; iij     viij 

In  all  amownting  together  unto ;     1  vij     viij 


Willam  Hardinge  for  xxvj  ells  iij  %tra  of  yolow  Sarcenet  Mercers 

G  g  percells 


Sundry 
kyndes  of 
wares  pro- 
vyded  by 
the  yoman 
and  his  ex- 
pences  at 
this  tyme. 


84  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

at  v8.  the  ell ;  vju.  xiij8.  ixd.     And  for  Russett  Sarcenett 
xxxix  ells  at  vs.  the  ell ;  ix11.  xv8.  In  all         xvju.  viij8.  ixd. 

Richard  Barne  for  c.clxj  elle  qf  srcenett  of  sundry 
Cullers  at  v8.  the  ell  lxv11.  vjs.  iijd.  Greene  velvet  iij 
quarters  of  a  yard  ;  xijs.  ixd.  Whit  sarcenett  xxv  ells 
at  vs.  the  ell ;  vjn.  vs.  Black  velvett  xvij  yardf  iij  q?ra 
at  15s. ;  xiij11.  vjs.  iijd.  Itm  more  for  j  yarde  di  of  the 
same ;  xxij9.  vjd.    Black  Buckeram  of  the  fynest  pece  j  ; 

XX 

xiij9.  iiijd.     In  all  iiij  vijH.  vjs.  jd. 

Walter  fFyshe  for  mony  by  him  disburced,  vid3 

li.  s:  d. 

for  Rushes,  Brushes,  and  Rubbers  xxiij    iiij 

Thredd  of  sundry  cullers  %  prices  ; liiij      ij 

Paper  for  patterns  Tx  iij  quiers ; xij 

ijs.  viijd-  xvjs.  iiijd. 

Tyncell,  ffelte  T:  stocky     xix 

Damask  iiij  yardf  qfT  di.  being  greene ;  xliij  ix 

TafFata  orengeculler  of  levant  5  y!  ds  ;  xj  viij 

Copper  lace  ij  lb  xv  ouncf  ;     lxij  viij 

Gloves  for  Players  T;  Maskers  ;    c.ix  iiij 

Tape  for  tyengfj  and  strengthing  ; vij 

fFurres  of  woolveringf  for  pedlers  capps ;  xxxiij 

Past  boorde ; iij  iiij 

ffewell  by  him  provyded  ; xxviij  ij 

Lights  besides  the  chaundlers  pcells ; . . .  ij  iiij 

Eggf  to  trym  the  vizardf  ;  ij 

Sylk  and  Needells ;  xvj 

Breade  to  make  cleane  headpeecf ; vj 

Cutting  of  Gardf  ;    xij 

Beardes;    x 

Lynnen  Lynyngf ;    v  x 

Cotten  Lynynge    xj  viij 

Vizard f  27  price ; iiij  x 

The  hyer  of  a  Marryners  whissell ; iij  iiij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  85 

li.  s.        d. 

A  sack  for  the  players ;    ij    iiij 

Heare  to  stuff  bootes  for  the  horses ; 

and  for  ij  payer  of  spurres  ; iij    iiij 

Bottells  for  Pilgrymes,  ij  ;   xij 

Styckf  ij  Bundells    viij 

Barge  hyer  and  Botehier ;    ciiij      x 

Cariages  by  Land ;  lxiiij     vj 

Ryding  charges  ;  xvj 

Reward^  ; viij 

Buckerams  of  sundry  prices,  30  peecf ;  vj       vij 

In  all  amowntyng  unto ; xlij         vj    vij 

John  Hill  for  Ten  Thowsand  of  Billettf  by  him  de-   ffewell 
lyvered  into  the  said  Office  at  xij3.  viijd.  the  thowsand 
paid  by  Bryan  Dodmer  at  thappoyntment  of  Mr  Bla- 
grave.     Therefore  upon  payment  of  this  Booke  the  said 
Dodmer  is  to  receive  his  mony  againe  namely  ; 

vju.  vjs.  viijd. 

Thomas  Leverett  for  mony  to  him  due  for  Wares  and  Wyer- 
for  service  done  by  him  T;  his  srvnte  ;  drawers 

ffirst  at  Christmas  %  Twelftyde  aforesaide  for  and  theier 

li.  s.        d. 

Stock  Candellstickt!  iiij  doosen ; x     vj   R^rdes 

Vyce  Candellstickf  vj  price;  vj 

Bodkyns  halfe  a  doQzyn  price ; xij 

Cases  halfe  a  doosyn  price  ;     ij 

Wyer  xli  ft)  di.  and  ij  ft) xliij     vj 

Curtyn  Ringf  iij  dozen; xij 

A  greate  Lanthorne ;    ij 

Rownd  plates  for  the  Branches  at  xd.  the 
peece  viij  dozen  and  ij  greate  plates 
for  pillers  at  iij8.  iiijd.  the  pecein  all;       iiij       vj  viij 

Small  spykers  j  dozen  Tie. ;  ij     ij 

TacktT  one  Thowsand  price  ;   xx 

Botehier  to  Hampton  coorte  ; iiij 


86  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.  s-  d. 

Reward^  or  wages  for  him  °t  his  srvant£ 
Namely  for  John  Collarde,  Edmund 
Birchall,  JohnWillmas  T;  Wm  Dawson 
for  all  theier  attendaunces  T:  srvice 
this  Christmas  1  Twelftyde  aswell  at 
Hampton  coorte  as  in  thoffice  ;    xlvj   viij 

At  Candellmas  for 

Bittf  wl  bosses  for  the  Hobby  Horses  ;  iiij 

Cownters  to  cast  awaye  by  players  ;    . . .  iij 

Buckles  with  penners  vj  paier;    iiij 

Bellowes  one  payer  price ;    iij    iiij 

Wyer  for  the  Horses  leggf  iiijlb* iiij 

Clavant  wyer  ij  ft)  price  ;     iij 

Two  peny  Nayles  j  m  ;     xx 

Wyer  ix  ft)  price ;     ix 

Plates  ij  price  ; xij 

Rewardf  or  wagf  for  him  selfe  %  ij  other 

then; xxiiij     vj 

At  Shrovetyde  for 

xix  branches  to  beare  the  lights  ;    iij       iij    iiij 

Wyer  of  the  greate  sorte  to  hang  or  to 

strayne  crosse  the  hall  at  H .  C. ;     ...  xxv 

Clavant  wyer  viij  ft) ;  „..  viij 

Nayles  vij  c xiiij 

Reward^   or  Wagf   for   him  T:  his  iij 

srvant£  woorking  and  attending  then  ;  xx 

In  all  amownting  unto  ;   xvnj   xvnj      vj 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  mony  by  him  disburced 
upon  sundry  occazions  concerning  this  Office  and  Thaf- 
fares  therof  as  foloweth  ;  vidzl 

26°.  Novembris  157'i. 

3 

Jorneyeng      Horshyer  and  charges  by  the  waye  at  Wynsor  stayeng 
charges 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT. 


87 


xxiij8.  iiijd. 
xijd. 

ij8- 


there  ij  dayes  in  November  iiij  daies  for  puzing  T:   Re- 

formyng  of  ffarrantr;  playe  T:c  xiij8.  vjd. 

5°  Decembr^  1574 

3 

Horsehyer  to  Hampton  Coorte  to  confer  w*  my  L. 
Chamberlayne  the  L.  Haward,  %  Mr.  Knevett  upo  cer- 
tayne  devices  %  to  ^uze  ffarrantf  playe  there  againe  iij 
daies  the  charge  wherof  w*  horsemeate  at  Kingston  is ; 

xxvij8.  viijd. 
13°  Decembr  1574 
Coles  j  Lode  T:  v  sackf 
for  a  keye  %  mending  of  a  Lock ; 

xvjd. 

Lynkf  ij  viijd.  T:  to  Rosse  for  a  patterne ; 
14.  Decembr. 
The  expencfT  %   chargf  where  my  L.   Chamberlens 
Players  did  show  the  history  of  Phedrastus  T:  Phigon 
and  Lucia  together  amouteth  unto;  ixs.  iiijd. 

15.  Decembr^ 
Coles  j  Lode  and  vj  sackf  ;  xxiiij8. 

18  Decembrf 
The  expencf  and  charge  wheare  my  L.  of  Leicesters 
men  showed  theier  matter  of  panecia ;  xs. 

Itm  for  a  dozen  of  Lether  poyntf  ;  iijd. 

Itm  for  iij  Torches  that  nighte  ;  iij8. 

23°  Decembrf 
Coles  xx  sackf  at  viijd.  the  sack;  xiij8.  iiijd. 


ffewell 
Necessaries 


peruzing 
and  Reform- 
ing of  plaies. 


ffewell 


peruzing 
and  Reform- 
ing of  playes. 


ffewell 


Habberdash 
small  ware. 


Mirors  or  lookingglasses  for  the  pedlers   Mask   xij 
small  at  ijs.  the  peece  and  vj  greater  at  iiij8.  the  peece 

viijd. 

and  for  ffrenche  pynnes  in  all ;  xlviij8.  viijd. 

26°  December 

The  hyer  of  j  Wagon  T;  syx  horses  from  London  to  Cariage 

Hampton  coorte  the  mony  was  pd  to  Thomas  Smyth,   xl8. 

20  Die 

The   charge   and    expenCf   where   my   L.   Clyntons 

players  rehearsed  a  matter  called  pretestus ;  xiij8. 


perusing  and 
Reforming 
of  playes 


88  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

21  Die 

The  Chargf  and  expencf  where  the  showed  ij  other 
playes  with  iijs.  for  torches  T:  iiijd.  for  an  howerglasse ; 

xiijs.  iiijd. 
27  Decembr 
Habberdash    •  The  same  Thomas  Blagrave  for  mony  by  him  dis- 
small  ware'     bursed  for  Gloves  for  my  L  of  Lesters  boyes  y4  plaied  at 
the.  Coorte;  ijs. 

for  Cariage  of  theier  stuf  %  for  the  Carters  attendaunce 
that  nighte ;  xvjd. 

Reward^  to  the  Carpenters  T;  painters ;  ijs.  vjd. 

29  Decembrf 
Jorneyeng  Horshyer  and  expencf  iiij  daies  from  London  to  Hamp- 

charges  ton  Coorte ;  and  the  Remaynyng  w*  the  Revells ; 

xx  xj3.  vjd. 

Habberdash    ffrenche  Pynnes  1  greate  pynnes ; '"  ix 

small  ware      Sylk  poyntf  Brayded  18  dozen ;     xxj 

i°r  *m  Pkd"  white  % sweete  In^lish  balls  J  dozen ; vj 

Gloves  perfumed  ij  dozen  price  ;     xx viij 

sylk  Twyst  to  tye  the  papers ;    xij 

Laces  of  sylke  iiij  doozen  price ; xij 

Venis  Balls  sweete  j  doozen  ; xvj 

Staves  bowght  of  Carow  j  dozen ; ij     v j 

fFayer  wry  ting  of  pozies  for  the  Mask ; vj  viij 

1°  Januarij  1574 
Jorneyeng  Horshier  on  New  yeares  daie  to  Hampton  Coorte  % 

charges  theier  charge  there  at  Kingston  iiij  daies ;  xxxij9. 

property         floors  vj  dozen  at  ij'.  the  pece ;  xij*. 

percells  fflowers  at  iijd.  the  peece  iij  dozen ;  ixs. 

Long  poles  with  brushes  for  chymney  sweepers  in  my  L. 
of  Leycesters  mennes  Playe  1  for  Mosse  %  styckf  and 
other  implement^  for  them  ;  jjs#  v;a. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT. 


89 


XXV 


6  Januarij 
Horshyer  %  expenc^  iij  daies  Resting  at 

Kingston ; 

To  Ulrick  Netsley  for  vyces  viij  doozen  and 

v  price  together ; xxxii 

for  keyes  for  vices  xvj  price;   

Hinges  xviij  price  together ;    

The  mending  of  vic£  %  nuttf ;    

Plates  13  at  iijd.  the  peece  ;     

A  greate  plate  for  the  Rock;  

The  mending  of  wyers  %  staples ;    

ij  Barrs  of  Iron  ix  foote  longe  ;  

sheepe  hookes  T:  other  hookes ;    

Haspes  %  henges  for  the  stocky ; 

New  nuttf  T:  plates;    

v  Balls  at  xvj  the  peece; 

viij  stepps  %  xvj  pynnes  ;     

ItfYi  more  to  him  for  mending  of  vicf  and 

nuttf  w*  other  Iron  woorke ;    vj        ij 


JJ 


VJ 

viij 
x 

nj 

"J 

VJ 
x 

xviij 
XJ 

xiJ 
xviij 

viij 
iiij 


Journeyeng 
charges 

Yron  woorke 
for  fframes 
and  devices 


To  Roger  Tyndall  tharmerer  for  Lending  of  Armor  Hier  of  Ar- 
for  ffarrantf  playe  and  for  attending  the  same ;  xj8.  iiijd.  mo' 


To  John  Ollyf  for  a  hamper  to  pack  the  vardngales 
in;  ijs. 

A  nother  greate  hamper  to  carry  a  fframe  in ;  viij8. 

ix  little  hampers   at   xxd.  the  peece  for  the   Pedlers 
Mask ;  xv8. 

x  Browne  Baskettf ;  iij8.  iiijd. 

Roddf  for  Lictos  Bundells  in  ye  playe ;  xvjd. 


The  Basket- 
maker. 


To  Willam  Davyson  for  viij  square  peces  of  glasse  for  The  Glazier 
the  Rock ;  viij8.  for  iiij  other  peecf?  at  xvjd.  the  peece  for 
the  same  Rock ;  v8.  iiijd.  for  ij  peecf  to  make  shildf ; 
iij3.  iiij4.     Other  glasse  for  other  placf ;  ijs.     And  for 


90 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


his  owne  paynesl  his  srvant£  ij  daies  1  ij  night?  ;  vij3.  in 
all; 


xxvs.  viijd. 


Wex-  Wax  for  a  Cake  in  ffarrantf  playe ; 

chaundler 


ffewell 


Coles  j  Lode  bowght  of  T.  Daye ; 


iij3.  vjd. 


XXs. 


Property  - 
maker 


To  John  Rosse  for  vj  branches  of  flowers  made  of 
ffethers;  vj8. — fflowers  for  Garland?  iiij  dozen;  viijs. 
Long  boordes  for  the  stere  of  a  clowde ;  vj3.  Pulleyes 
for  the  Clowd?  and  curteynes  ;  iiij8.  Botehier  to  T:  fro 
theCoorte;  viijs.  Lynkf  to  rec  the  stuf ;  viijd.  Dubble 
gyrtf  to  hange  the  soon  in  the  Clowde  ;  xijd.  for  sowing 
the  curtyns  T;  setting  on  the  frenge  for  the  same  ;  iijs. 
Wyer  to  hang  the  Curtyns  ;    vjd.  vyces  for  the  Pulleyes 


Tx  iiijs. 


xlj8.  ij« 


Carpenter  To  Rowland  Robynson  for  Elme  Boordes  cc ;  xiiij3.  | 

Oken  boordes  vjc ;  xls.  |  One  Elme  boorde ;  xxd.    Oken 

15 

boorde  lxx  foote;  iiij3.  iiijd.  Oken  Rafters  of  xiiij  foote 
long  at  xvjd.  the  peece  ;  xx8.  Beechen  Rafters  at  xiiijd. 
the  peece  vj  p*ce ;  vij8.  Itm  more  iiij  Beechen  Rafters ; 
iiijs.  viijd.  Cariage  of  Rafters  ;  viijd.  single  quarters 
xxiiij  at  iijd.  the  pece  ;  vjs.  ij  more  Rafters  of  beeche ; 
ij8.  iiijd.  A  peece  of  Tymber  xiiij  foote ;  iij8.  Nayles 
of  Sundry  sort?  ;  xij8.  vijd.  A  peece  of  Elme  boorde  for 
the  clowde ;  xviijd.  fyrr  poles  xij  at  vjd.  the  pece ;  vjs. 
Itm  more  to  Wm  Barker  for  xviij  firr  poles ;  ixs.  Ca- 
riage of  Poles  T:c.  xijd.  vju.  xiij3.  ixd. 


The  Proper-       To  John  Carow  in  his  lyfe  tyme  not  long  before  his 

tymaker  death  ;  vj11.     And  to  his  Wyfe  after  his  deathe  in  full 

satisfaccon  for  all  the  wares  by  him  delyvered  this  yeare 

into  the  said  office  or  is  to  be  by  him  the  saide  Carow  his 

executors  or  admynistrators  demawnded  for  any  dett  due 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  91 

before  the  third  of  ffebr  1574  or  not  entred  in  this  booke ; 
vj11.  xiiij8.  iiijd.  as  wch  grew  by  propertyes,  vid2  Mon- 
sters, Moutaynes,  fforrestf,  Beastf,  Serpentf ,  Weapons 
for  warr  as  gunnes,  daggc?,  Bowes,  Arowes,  Bills,  Hol- 
berdf ,  borespeares,  fawchions,  daggers,  Targettf,  Pol- 
laxes,  clubbes,  headdf  T;  headpeeces,  Armor  couterfet, 
Mosse,  holly,  Ivye,  Bayes,  flowers,  quarters,  glew,  past, 
pap  and  suche  lyke  w*  Nayles,  Hoopes,  Horstailes, 
dishes  for  devells  eyes,  heaven,  hell,  %  the  devell  1  all 
the  Devell  I  should  saie  but  not  all,  xij11.  xiiij3.  iiijd. 

To  Thomas  Garlyk  for  iiij  dozen  of  Coony  skynnes  at  The  furryer 
iijd.  the  peece ;  xij9. 

2  februarij 
Horshier  for  iij  daies  to  H.  Coorte  with  theier  charge  Jorneyeno- 
at  Kingston  T:c.  xxvj8.  ijd.  charges 

Barge  hier  pd  to  T.  White  for  ij  ffares  of  Tymber  fro  Waterca- 
H.  Coorte  to  London  at  xs.  the  peece  ;  xxs.  na&e  &c* 

Land  Cariage  from  the  waterside  ;  xijd. 

A  Cote,  a  hatt  %  Buskins  all  ov!  covered  with  Fethers  The  fether- 
of  cullers  for  vanytie  in  sabastians  playe  with  xijd.  geven  malier 
in  Rewarde  to  ye  bringer  ;  xxvj8. 

13°  febr  being  shrove  sundaye 

Horshier  iiij  dayes  w*  theier  chargf  at  Kingston  in  the  jornevenff 
meane  tyme ;  xxxiiij8.   charges 

To  Ulrick  Netsleye  for  vices  1  nuttf ;  xv8.   Iron  woorke 

To  Lam  for  the  french  womans  dynr  that  went  with  expences 
the  heares  to  dresse  childrens  headf  in  Mr  Hunyes  his  a?d  Bote- 
playe  1  for  pynnes  T:  Botehier.  ij8.  ijd. 


92 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


The  hyer  of 
Heares  for 
headdes  and 
Rewardes 


To  the  french  woman  for  her  paynes  and  her  dawghters 
paynes  that  went  to  Richemond  %  there  attended  upon  Mr 
Hunyes  his  Children  T;  dressed  theier  headf  Tx  :  when 
they  played  before  her  Magestye  ;  xxiij3.  vjd. 


Buskyn- 
maker 


To  John  ffarrington  for  making  of  ffyve  payer  of  Bus- 
kyns  and  one  payer  of  Startopps  w*  the  Lether  that 
sowled  them  in  all ;  xjs.  viijd. 


The  Plum- 
raer 


To  Dunstone  Braye  for  Leade  and  sowlder  w*  woork- 
manshipp  by  him  bestowed  over  the  Cowntynghowse  at 
saynt  Johns  where  it  rayned  in  ;  xlvj8.  jd. 


The  Mil- 
lioner 


Martyn  Hardrett  for  iij  Borders;  vj3.  for  iij  part- 
lettf  ;  xs.  vj  chaines ;  iiij8.  ij  heares ;  iiij8.  fflowers  ix 
dozen ;  xxjs.  in  all :  xlvs. 


Iron  woork         ^o  John  Rosse  for  Longe  vices  to  Joyne  fframes  to- 


Rewardes 


Rewarde 


gether  iij  dozen  %  viij ;  xvjs 


;  for  his  Botehier  T:c  ; 


xxc 


XV11J8.  111J( 


Reward^  geven  by  the  prop  handf  of  the  saide  Mr 
Blagrave  to  sundry  persons  at  sundry  tymes  for  sundry 
occazions  concerning  the  premiss  in  all :  lxs. 

In  all  amownting  unto ;  lxxj11.  iiij3.  ixd. 

To  for  his  paynes  in  pusing  and  Reformyng 

of  playes  sundry  tymes  as  neede  required  for  her  Mate9 
Lyking  pd  by  Dodmer  by  the  speciall  appoyntm*  of  the 
saide  Mr  Blagrave  :  xl8- 


Silkweaver 
and  his  per- 
cells 


Willam  Bowll  for  mony  to  him  due  for 

25°  Decembe  1574. 
Past  paper  halfe  a  Dozen ; 


X1J< 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  93 

26  Die 

Paper  for  Patternes  Leaves  of  trees  %  suche  other  ne- 
cessary vzsag  in  thoffice  one  Reame  and  one  Quier 
price;  vjs.  iiijd. 

Past  Boorde  of  the  largest  syze  j  doze  ;  iiij8. 

27  Die 

s.        d. 

Buttons  of  Copper  sylver  ij  dozen ;  wayeng  ix 

ouncf  at  xviijd.  thounce    •..     xiij  vj 

Lace  of  Copp  sylver  v  ounc£  di  at  18d viij  iij 

Brayded  Lace  of  Sylver  1  black  silk  vij  ouncf 

di.  at  18  the  ounce; , xj  iij 

30  die 
Frenge  *\  twyst  ij  oc£  xl   vj 

31  Die 

Fringe  %  Twist  j  lb  xiiij  oc£  q^  at  18d xlv  iiij 

Paned  sylk  at  16d.  the  ounce  ij  oc£  qfr  prce ;  iij 

frenge  of  Red  silk  %  copp  sylver  v  ocf ; vij    vj 

Fringe  °l  Tassells  of  copp  sylver,  xvj  ocf ; . . .     xxiiij 

sylk  frenge  at  xvjd.  thoiice  xiij  ouncf  :    xvij  iiij 

j  Die  Januarij  1574 

Fringe  of  Copper  sylver  and  silk  v  ouncf  at 

xviijd.  the  ounce ; vij     vj 

A  lardge  Box  for  the  premiss ;     xviij 

Frenge  of  Copper  sylver  vij  ocf  di ;     xj     iij 

2  Die 

Frenge  of  sylver  and  sylk  iij  ocf  di  at  18d.  ...  v     iij 

Bone  Lace  of  Copp  sylvr  %  silk  jlb  ij  oces ; . . .     xxvij 

Brayded  Lace  at  18d.  iijlb  j  ouce  di  price;...  lxxxiiij     iij 

4  Die. 

Pasted  paper  of  the  largest  sorte  ij  doze  ; . . .         viij 
Brayded  Lace  j  lb  iiij  ouce  di.  at  18d.  thoiice  ;        xxx     ix 

5  Die. 

Brayded  Tassells  1  frenge  ijlb  ix oce  iij  q*" ;     lxij  vij   ob. 
Lace  at  xviijd.  15  oc£  a/  price  at  18d.  thouc  ;  xxij     x  ob. 


94  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Frenge  and  Lace  ij  Tb  vij  oce  at  xviijd.  lviij8.  vjd. 

Topp  Buttons  1  frenge  Lace  at  18d.  j  flo  j  ounce  quarter ; 

xxv8.  xd.  ob. 

30  Die 

Crymsen  Sylk  1  sylver  frenge  at  ij8.  vjd.  thouce  x 
ounce  di ;  xxvjs.  iijd. 

Black  sylk  1  sylver  frenge  at  xviijd.  the  ownce  j  lb  v 
ounce  q>tr;  xxxjs.  xd.  ob. 

31  Die 

Past  boorde  ij  dozen  of  the  Largest  sorte ;  viij8. 

j  die  februarij  1574. 
Crimsen  silk  %  sylver  frenge  ij  lb  vj  oce  at  ij8.  vjd.  the 
ownce ;  iiij11.  xvs. 

Black  sylver  ffrenge  xviij  oce  <fctr  at  18d. ;  xxj8.  iiij d .  ob. 

10°  Die,  %  14°  die. 
Crimsen  silk  frenge  j  lb  v  oce  di.  at  2s.  6d. ;    Iiij8.  ixd. 
Black  sylk  T:  sylver  frenge  at  18d.  v  oce  di;  viiij8.  iijd. 
Black  sylk  T;  silver  frenge  viij  oce  at  18d. ;  xij8. 

In  all  amownting  unto ;  xxxviiju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Canvas  Henri  Sekford  esquier  for  Canvas  by  him  delyvered 

into  the  saide  Office ;  cl"  ells  at  xviijd.  the  ell  Imployed 
upo  the  howses  %  propertyes  made  for  players  at  Christ- 
mas, Twelftyde,  Candellmas,  and  shrovetyde  aforesaide 
in  All  amtins  unto ;  viij11.  xvs. 

Edward  Buggyn  gent,  clerkcomptrowler  of  Thoffice 
for  mony  by  him  disburced.  vidS 

25  Decembris. 

Cariage  of  iiij  Lodes  of  Tymber  for  the  Rock  (wch  Mr 
Rosse  made  for  my  L.  of  Leicesters  menns  playe)  %  for 
other  frames  for  plaers  howses ;  ijs.  iiijd. 

Cariage  of  one  Hundred  seeling  boorde  to  make 
Branches  to  beare  lyghte ;  iiijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  95 

27  Decembris 
The  hier  of  a  Wagon  to  carry  a  Lode  of  stuf  to  the 
Coorte  for  the  D  uttons  playe ;  xxs. 

Itm  for  a  standish  couters  %  Ink  ;  vjs.  vjd. 

j  die  Januarij 
for  Spangles  xxiiij  Thowsand  ;  xijs. 

Cariage  of  one  hundred  of  Boorde  from  saint  pulkers 
to  thoffice ;  vjd. 

xj  Januarij 
for  a  perwigg  of  Heare  for  King  Xerxces  syster  in 
ffarrantf  playe  ;  iiij8.  viijd. 

for  Cariage  of  iij  Lode  of  stuf  for  the  playe  Tx  on 
twelfe  nighte  to  the  watersyde  at  the  Blackfryers       iij8. 
xviij  die. 
fFor  ffeltf  one  Doozen  at  vjd.  the  pece ;  vjs. 

1  February  1574. 
for  ij  ells  of  Canvas  to  make  frenge  for  the  Players 
howse  in  ffarrantf  play  ;  xxd. 

Cariage  of  Stuff  for  Candellmas  Nighte  to  the  Water- 
syde ;  ij8.  ijd. 
Barge  hier  to  Hampton  Coorte  then  xiiij8. 
Skynnes  to  furr  the  hoode  in  sabastians  playe ;       ij8. 
fFor  making  of  ij  sarcenett  hooddf  for  Cyttyzens  in  the 
same  playe ;  ijs. 
Holly,  Ivye,  fur  poles  T;  Mosse  for  the  Rock  in  Mr 
Hunnyes  playe ;  xs. 
Homes  iij.     Collers  iij.     Leashes  iij.  T;  dogghookes 
iij  |  w*  Bawdrickf  for  the  homes  in  hunnyes  playe ;    xs. 
13  februarij. 
Cariage  of  Tymber  woork  for  the  same  Mr  Hunnyes 
his  playe  downe  to  the  water  syde ;                         ij8.  vjd. 
To  John  Tuke  for  going  to  the  Coo'te  in  a  Message ; 

xijd. 
14  Die 
for  a  Lode  of  Coles  ;  xix8. 


96  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

A  ffelt  y*  was  covered  w*  mony ;  vjd. 

Itm   more   for  mony   by  him  disburced  for    Sylver 

Lawne  xliiij  yerdf  di.  xliiij8. 

Bote  hier  for  him  selfe  T:  others  sundry  tymes  w*  Re- 
wardf  by  him  geven  to  sundry  psons  not  before  men- 

cioned  xxj9.  ix11.  v9.  ijd. 

Paynters             Willam  Lyzarde  for  mony  to  him  due  for  vz! . 
percells 

20  die  Decembris. 

li.        s.  d. 

White  xxx  ft  at  iijd.  the  ft ;     vij       vj 

Syze  ;  vj 

Nayles  ;  xij 

Pottf  iij  doozen  ;    ij 

Black  xij  ft;  xij 

Smalt;     , xxnj      iiij 

Masticot;    iij      iiij 

Indejft;   vj     viij 

Synaper  jft; ij 

Browne  j  ft;  xviij 

Vermillion  di.  ft  ;  iiij 

Sapedi.  ft;    iij      iiij 

Vert  jft;   . iiij 

Dark  sy nap  jft;   iij 

Redd  iiij  ft;  ij     viij 

Yollow,  iijft;     iij 

Sma       iiij     v      iiij 

24.  Die. 

White  xxx  ft  at  iijd.  the  Tb vij       vj 

Black, xij  ft; xij 

smalt  iij  ft  ;    x 

Syze;  vj 

Synaper  Dark  di.  ft  xviij 

sylver  c.c iij 

ffbyle; xvj 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  97 

„  H.      s.  d. 

Pottf; xij 

Past; iij 

xlij      vij 
26°.  Die. 

Fynegowlde; vj     viij 

Golde  200; vj      vij 

Byse  q*T  of  lb ;    iij 

for  shells  of  fyne  sylver  ;    xv        ij 

White  Lead  grownde ;  ij       vj 

Fyne  Black  for  the  lottf  ;  v 

Vert;   iiij 

ij  lb. 

Glew;      ,..  viij 

Inde;   iij  iiij 

Fyne  yolow  to  wryte  upon  the  Mirrors ;  . . .  ij 

Sylver  300 iiij  vj 

Iij  v 
29.  Decembr  1574. 

Syze;  iiij 

ij  lb. 

Smalt;    vj     viij 

Stayning  cullers  for  srcenet; vj 

Past  Boordes  iij  doozen ;   vj       vj 

Synaper; iij 

Culler  for  iij  dozen  lightf vj 

Assedue  iiij  flb ;  xij 

Glew; xvj 

Golde; ij     viij 

Grynding  of  Sheeres  to  clypp  the  assedue  ;  viij 

xlviij        x 
15  Januarij  1574. 

Syze; iiij 

Assedue; xviij 

Gowlde;    iij     i"j 

sylver  paper  to  make  mony  ; vij 

XV  X 

H 


98 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


28.  Januarij 

White;    

Black  

Gowlde ;      

Masticot 

Assedue  j  lb  di. ;      

Sylver  to  wry te  names  ; 


12.  die  ffebruarij, 


Syze;  , 

White;  ... 
sylver;  .. 
Patternes ; 


13.  Februarij 

Assedue  iiij  ft  ;   

Past  paper  iij  dozen  ; 

Golde;     

Glew  v  tt>  ;     

Patternes  for  lights  ij     

A  pattern  for  a  Helmett    . 


a. 

"J 

vj 
"J 
inJ 

xxij 

v 

ij 

mJ 

VJ 
xvij 

xi 
v 

V 

V 

V 

xxxvj 


d. 
vj 


U1J 

v.) 
xviij 

X 


VJ 


VJ 


VJ 


XX 


-in 


xvj".  xvnj 


\(\ 


Rewardes  Bryan  Dodmer  for  his  Botehier,  horshier,  Jorneyeng 

h^6  charge  and  expencf  betweene  the  saide  first  of  Novem- 
ber in  the  xvjth  yeare  and  the  Last  of  February  in  the 
xvijth  yere  specially.  To  Hampton  Coorte  and  there 
attending  upon  the  Lorde  Chamberlayne,  the  Lorde 
Treasurer  and  Mr  Secretary  Walsingham  for  mony  in 
prest  to  be  Imployed  upon  the  premiss  being  after  longe 
attendaunce  (and  that  none  of  the  aforenamed  coulde  get 
the  Queenes  Maties  to  resolve  therin)  dryven  to  trouble 
her  Matie  himselfe  %  by  speciall  peticion  obtayned  aswell 
the  grawnt  for  cc11.  in  prest  as  the  dettf  to  be  pd.  In 
consideracon  wherof,  as  also  for  the  Rest  of  his  srvice 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  99 

done  in  this  office  %  to  be  doone  abowte  theise  Reck- 
onyngf  untill  thaccoute  herof  be  past.  In  all  for  xx 
markf  demaunded  alowed  but  vju.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

The  Clerk  of  thoffice  for  his  ordinary  Greene  cloth,  Necessaries 
Paper,  Ink,  Cownters,  Tooles,  and  necessary  Implement^  for  the  Cle 
for  the  Making  of  Bills  Bookes,  Plottf,  "i  Modells : 

lxvjs.  viijd. 

Sma  of  all  the  Emptions  and  pvyzions  for  Christmas 
Twelftyde,  Candellmas,  and  Shrovetyde  aforesaide  ; 

cccxlix11.  xvj8.  xd. 

Sma  for  Christmas  Twelfe  Tyde,  Candellmas,  1  Shrove- 
tyde  1574.     Anno  RRnae  Elizabthe  xvijmo. 

Diiij  iju.  xiiijd. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Buggyn. 
Walter  fysshe. 


h  2 


100  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK  V.] 

Revelles  1576.  Anno  RRne  Elizabeth  xix°.  .  The 
Lidgeard  or  Perticuler  Booke  of  all  the  Charges  rysing 
and  growing  wthin  the  Office  of  the  Quenes  Maties  Re- 
vellf  aforsaid.  Betweene  the  xjth  of  March  1575.  And 
the  xxjst  of  Februarie  1576.  A°  RRnjB  Eli3  predict 
xix°  w*hin  wch  tyme.  There  were  workf  and  atten- 
dances geven  as  foloweth.  vidz] 

Betweene  the  xjth  of  Marche  1575  A°  RRntBEliz!  pre- 
dict xviij°.  And  the  xxth  of  December  Anno  Regni  Re- 
gine  Eli2  xix°.  The  Charges  of  This  Office  grew  by 
meanes  of  Ayringe,  Repayringe,  perusing,  amending, 
Brushing,  Spunging,  Rubbing, wyping,  sweeping,  making 
cleane  putting  in  order,  and  safebestowinge  of  the  gar- 
ments, vestures,  apparell,  disguisinges.  Properties  and 
furniture  of  the  same  from  tyme  to  tyme  (wthin  those  ix 
monethes)  as  the  necessitie  therof  from  tyme  to  tyme 
requyred,  to  keepe  the  same  in  Redynes  for  service,  wch 
els  wold  be  mowldy,  mustie,  motheten,  and  rotten  by 
meanes  of  the  dankenes  of  the  howse,  and  want  of  con- 
venyent  Presses  and  places  requysite.  The  parties  who 
Comonlie  attende  the  saide  Office  for  the  same  purpose 
wth  their  severall  names  (allowed  for  this  tyme)  parti- 
culerlie  hereafter  ensueth  ;  vid3 

Taylours  and  others  workinge  and  attendinge  the 
premiss  at  thofficers  comaundement  the  first  at  xxd.  the 
daie,  and  all  the  rest  at  xijd.  as  in  the  former  president^ ; 

vjn.  xiija.  iiijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  101 

dayes  li.         s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij3.  the  daie   20  iiij  Thofficers 

The  Clerkcomptrowler 20  xl 

The  Clerke  at  ijs 20  xl 

The  yoman  at  ijs 20  xl 

Sma  of  all  the  wages  betweene  the  xjth  of  Marche 
1575.  Anno  RRua5  EliS  xviijmo  And  the  xxth  of  De- 
cember 1576.  Anno  Regni  Regine  Elizabeth  xix°. 

xvju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Walt1'  Fysshe  gent,  for  80  saekf  of  coales  by  him  Fewell 
pvided  for  the  said  Ayringf  xxijs.  vjd. 

Sma  totlis  of  the  whole  Ayringes,  xviju.  xvs.  xd. 

T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Buggin. 
Walter  fysshe. 

The  Charges  of  those  tymes  vid3.     Betweene   the  Chrystmas 

xxth  of  December   1576.     Anno   Regni   Regine  EliS   ^?w£eref; 
...  i  ,  r .       i  tideTwelf- 

predict  xix°  at  wch  tyme  the  woorkes  began  for  the  pro-  t^e  and 

viding,  apting,  preparing,  furnishing,  and  setting  fourth   Candlemas 

of  divers  plaies  or  showes  of  Histories,  and  other  Inven-  ^.v    Drd 

tions  and  devyces  folowinge.     And  the  iiijth  of  Februarie  xix°  1576. 

1576  in  the  said  xixth  yere  of  Mates  Reigne,  at  wch  tyme 

the  woorkes  and  attendaunces  did  ende,  together  wth  all 

Themptions  and  Provisions  of  stuff  and  Necessaries,  Ca- 

riadges,  and  other  Incident^ ,  bought,  pvided,  done  and 

attended  by  divers  psons  whose  sevl  all  names  and  wages 

wth  their  Rewardes  and  allowaunces  do  pticulerlie  in 

their  apt  places  ensue  ; 

The  Paynters  daughter  she  wen  at  Hampton  Court  on 
S*  Stevens  daie  at  night,  enacted  by  therle  of  Warwick  f 
srvant£  : 


102  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Toolie  showen  at  Hampton  Court  on  S*  Johns  daie  at 
night  enacted  by  the  L.  Howard  £  srvant£. 

The  historie  of  the  Collyer  showen  at  Hampton  Court 

on  Sundaie  folowing  enacted  by  therle  of  Leicesters  men. 

Histories  The  historie  of  Error  showen  at  Hampton  Court  on 

and  Inven-     Newyeres  daie  at  night,  enacted  by  the   Children  of 

showen  w*in  Powles. 

the  tvme  The  historye  of  Mutius  Sceuola  showen  at  Hampton 

vj  viz  Court  on  Twelf  daie  at  night  enacted  by  the  Children  of 

Windsore  and  the  Chappell. 

The  historye  of  the  Cenofallf  showen  at  Hampto 
Court  on  Candlemas  day  at  night,  enacted  by  the  L. 
Chamberleyn  his  men. 

Taylours  and  others  working  and  attending  the  pre- 
miss the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie,  and  asmuch  for  the  night, 
the  Residue  at  xijd.  M1.  11s.  4d. 

The  Porter  and  other  Attendauntf  at  xijd.  the  daie 
ech  one  and  as  much  for  the  night  6U.  14s. 

Paynters  and  others  working  and  attending  the  pre- 
miss daie  and  night  at  sundrie  Rates  12u.  19s.  8d. 

Habdashers  and  propertymakers  at  sundrie  rates ; 

5U.  8s.  4d. 

Joyners,  Carvers  and  Propertymakers  at  sundrie 
rates ;  511. 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daie  and  asmuch  the  night.; 

511.  6s.  8d. 

Wyerdrawers  at  sundrie  rates ;  189. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  103 

dayes         nights  li.  s.  _,,      _. 

The  M' at  iiij8.  thedaie;    ...23  ...  14  ...     vij         viij   Thoffycers. 
The  Clerk  Comptroller  at  ij8.    23  ...  14  ...  lxxiiij 

The  Clerke  at  ij8 23  ...  14  ...  lxxiiij 

The  Yeoman  at  ijs 23  ...  14  ...  lxxiiij 

1811.       10*. 

Sma  of  all  the  Wages  due  in  this  Office  for  workeman- 

ship  and  attendaunces  don  therin  and  upon  the  Affaires 

therof  for  Christmas  and  Candlemas  ending  the  iiijth  of 

Februarie  1576.  A0  RRna5  Elizabeth  xix°.    lxxvij11.  viij8. 

T,  Blagrave. 

Edward  Buggin. 

Walter  fysshe, 

Emptions  Provisions  T;  Cariadges  wth  Reward^  and 
other  charges  Incident. 

Willm  Roe  for  Sarcenettf  by  him  delivered  into  the   The  Mercer 
Office  v3.  6°  die  Januarii  one  peece  of  yelow  sarcenett 
conteigning  30  elles  at  vj8.  the  ell  and  one  pece  of  red 
sarcenett  conteigning  25  elles  at  the  same  rate ;  xvj11.  x8. 

Guillaime  Tien  for  xju.  xv  ounces  of  copg  silver  lace  Sylkwevers 
at  xviijd.  the  ounce ;  xiiij11.  vj8.  vjd.  Percells 

Richard   Busshe  for  Canvas  by  him  delivered  into  The  Lynuen 
thoffice  at  sundrie  tymes  vzl  ;  26°  Decembr  1576.  one  DraPer 
pece  of  Canvas  conteigning  36  elles  iij  qarters  at  xijd.  the 
ell;  xxxvj8.  ixd.     31°  Decembr  25  elles  iij  qarters  at 
xijd.  the  ell ;  xxv8.  ixd.    In  the  whole  62  ellf  £ 

"ju-  ij8-  vjd. 

John  Okes  for  buckram  by  him  delivered  into  the  The  Up- 
Office  at  sundrie  tymes  vz).  30  Decembr  6  peeces  of  holster 
purple  buckram   at  iiij8.   the   peece ;    xxiiij8.   and   4° 
Januarii  6  peeces  of  yelow  buckram  at  iiij8.  the  peece ; 
xxiiij8.  amounting  unto ;  xlviij8. 


104  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Paynters  William  Lyzard  for  colo"  and  Necessaries  folowinge  ; 

percells           Foure  gallons  of  Size;     iiij 

White  15u.  at  iijd.  the  pound  ; iij       ix 

Black  3U.  at  xijd.  the  pound ;      iij 

Syneper  jli. ; ij 

Browne  ju. ;  xviij 

Vert  dimid  pound  ;  ij      mj 

Smalt  iij11.  at  iiij8.  the  li. ;    xij 

Inde  dimid  pound     v 

Red  ij11.  at  viijd.  the  li. ;   xvj 

Pottes  for  coloures    xij 

Nayles; xij 

Glue  ju iiij 

Gold  100;     ij     viij 

SylverSOO; iij 

Syze;     iiij 

Masticottj11. ;    iij      iiij 

Gold  100; ij     viij 

Size; iij 

White  xiju.  at  iijd.  the  li. ;  iij 

Fyne  white  iju.  at  xijd.  the  li/ ij 

Syze; iij 

Masticott  ju. ;    iij      iiij 

Syneper  j11.  dimid  at  xvjd.  the  li ; ij 

Byce  iij  oz3  at  xijd.  the  o3  ;  iij 

Vermelyon  iiij  oS  at  vjd.  the  o9  ;   ij 

Pottes  for  coloures ; vj 

Vert  dimid  pound ij      iiij 

Gold  100;  ij     viij 

Arsidew  4  flo.  at  iij3.  vjd.  the  pound; xiiij 

Glue  ij11.  at  iiijd.  the  li, ;  viij 

Tynfoyle; xij 

Syze;     , xviij 

White; ix 

Black;  ij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  105 

_,    .  _  li.  s.         d. 

Gold;     xvj 

Vert  a  qart  of  a  li ;  xiiij 

Byce  ij  ozcJ ij 

Yelow  a  qart  of  a  pound ;    x 

v       v 

Woolrick  Netesley  for  xiiij  vices  at  vjd.  the  peece  ;         Smythes 

vijs,    percelles 

Nyneteene  nuttes  wth  plates  under  them  at  iijd.  the 

pece ;  iiijs.  ixd. 

Five  keyes  to  them  at  ij  the  peece  5  xd. 

Five  pynnes  and  a  plate  :  ij8. 

xiiij8.  vijd. 

8:..      d* 
Richard  Rowland  for  jc.  of  plaster  of  Paris ; . . .        iij  Propertye 

Browne  paper; xij    makers  per- 

Flowre  to  make  past;    .......  xij 

Allomij11. viij 

Glue  ij11 vj 

Lynnen  Ragges  ;    xij 

Claye  to  mowlde  w^all ;   viij 

A  bowle  to  beat  browne  paper  in ;   vj 

Foure  penie  nailes  vjc.  at  iiijd.  ye  c. ;    ij 

Two  peny  nailes.  jc ij 

Waynscott  to  make  blades  for  rapiors  ^tc ;   ...  iiij 

One  dozen  of  pasteboordes ;  iiij 

xiiij      x 

Barnard  ffabyan  for  xv  dozen  pound  dimid  of  candellf  Lightes  and 
at  iiij8.  the  dozen  ;  lxij8.  other  neces- 

Item  xxiiij  staffetorches  at  xiiijd.  the  pece  xxviij8. 
Item  foure  dozen  of  lynkes  at  iiij8.  the  dozen  xvj8. 
Item  two  pound  of  packthreed  at  xijd.  the  pound  ij8. 
Item  iij11.  of  glew  at  iiijd.  the  li.  xijd. 

Item  iiij  peces  of  great  cord  at  ij8.  the  pece ;  viij8. 
Item  ix  peces  of  small  cord ;  iiij8. 


106 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Item  foure  peeces  of  whipcord  at  iiijd.  ye  pece  ; 
In  the  whole  amounting  unto ; 


xvj*. 
vju.  ijs.  iiijd. 


Boordes 
quarters 
Nailes  and 
other  Nec- 
caies 


Rowland  Robynson  for  d 

xiij  doble  qarters  at  vjd.  the  pece;    vj    vj 

Plench  boorde  ijc.  dimid  at  vijs.  ye  c;   xviij    vj 

Single  qaters  32  at  iij d.  the  pece  ; viij 

Seelinge  boorde  a  qrtern; xx 

Firre  poles  ten  at  vijd.  the  pece;   v     x 

for  Cariadge  of  them ;   vj 

Rafters  xj  at  xvjd.  the  peece  ;    xiiij  viij 

Beechen  plankes  ij  at  viijd.  the  pece ;   xvj 

Vyces  xij  and  wynches  ij ; v 

For  the  turnyng  of  foure  postes  and  for  xxtie 

foote  of  tymber  wch  made  them ;    xviij 

Elme  boorde  cc  dimid  at  vj8.  viijd.  ye  c xvj  viij 

For  Tymber  to  make  a  frame  ;      .  v 

Sixpenie  nailes  1900  at  vjd.  the  c ix    vj 

Tenpenie  nailes  cc  at  viijd.  the  c  ; xvj 

Doble  tenpenie  nailes  cc  at  xiiijd.  ye  c ij  iiij 

Two  penie  nailes  cccc  dimid ;     ix 

Threepenie  nailes  cc  vj 

Single  xd.  nailes  one  c; vij 

Sixpenie  nailes  one  c vj 

In  all  to  the  said  Robynson  v    xvj     ij 


TheBuskyn- 
maker 


The  Hab- 
dasher 


John  Farrington  for  xij  sheepe  skynnes  at  vjd.  the 
pece ;  vjs. 

For  paring  and  russeting  of  them  ;  ij8. 

For  the  soles  and  making  of  vj  paire  of  buskins  of 
those  skynnes ;  xij8. 

xx8. 

Richard  Moorer  for  two  hangers  wth  girdles  of  black 
freesed  lether 

For  v  wastes  of  the  same ; 


vj8.  iiijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  107 

For  the  making  of  3  cappes  of  tyncell  sarcenett ;    iijs. 

For  a  yard  dimid  of  buckram  to  lyne  the  same  Cappes 

wthall ;  xvd 

For  2  pwickf  at  iijs.  iiijd.  the  pece  ;  vjs.  viijd. 

For  dimid  yard  of  cotton ;  xd. 

For  dimid  thousand  of  great  gold  spangles  viijd. 

xxij8.  ixd. 

Thomas  Leverett  for  Wyer- 

One  dozen  dimid  of  candelstickf  ; iiii    vi     iaw^rs 

v  '  j      j   percelles 

vj  vicecandelstick^  at  xijd.  the  peece  ;    ...  vj 

One  hundreth  of  Claspes ;  iiij 

v  pulleys iij  iiij 

xv  hundreth  of  ijd.  nayles ; ij    vj 

Dimid  c  of  spykers; xvj 

An  hundreth  of  vj  nayles; vj 

Three  dozen  of  rownde  plates  3  xviij 

viij  dozen  of  sockett^  ;     xvj 

For  Repairing  of  two  braunches  5  v 

For  xxx  pound  of  wyer ;     xxx 

For  a  great  Lanterne ;    iiij 

Forbotehier; ij 

iiij     xiij    vj 

Willm  Humfrey  for  xlv  sackf  of  coales  at  ixd.  the  sack ;  Fewell,  &c. 

xxxiij8.  ixd. 

Willm  Jurdane  for  xxvj  sackf  of  coales  after  the  same 
rate ;  xix8.  vjd. 

Willni  Kynge  for  one  thowsande  of  billettf  xiij8.  iiijd. 
For  an  hundreth  of  ffaggott£  ;  v8.  iiijd.  xviij8.  viijd. 

John  Ogle  for  curlyng  of  heare  5  viij8.  vjd.  Necessaries 

For  v  cow  tailes  to  curie  ;  vjd. 

For  egges  to  tr^me  vyzerdes ;  ijd. 

Willm   Lyzard  for  a  Whirrey  to  cary  stuff  to  the 
Court  and  4  men ;  iij8.  viijd. 

For  lether  for  2.  shieldes,  v8. 


108  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Necessaries         Thomas  Wright  for  viij  paire  of  gloves  for  Torche- 

bearers  at  viijd.  the  paire ;  v9.  iiijd. 

For  mending   of  two  lockes   and   setting   them  on 


againe ;  viijd. 

For  openyng  of  a  lock ;  ijd. 

vj».  ijd. 

John  Davys  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as  foloweth 

8.  d. 

For  mosse; vj 

for  a  pound  of  threed  of  divers  colors    iij 

for  a  dozen  of  round  trenchers  wth  a  box  for 

them;     , xij 

for  a  quyer  of  pap ;    v 

for  pynnes  ;    ix 

for  glue  ;    ij 

for  small  tack^  ; ij 

for  foure  pasteboordes  ; xij 

for  tape „ x 

for  a  dozen  of  Childrens  gloves ;  vj 

for  pastpaper  ; iiij 

for  dimid  pound  of  threede; xiiij 

for  9  horsetayles  and  85  cowtailes  ;  v      xj 

for  Cariadge  of  them  ;  iij 

for  pynnes;     ij 


for  broomes 


U 


for  a  pound  dimid  of  threed  of  sundry  coloures 

at  iij3.  iiijd.  the  li. ;     v 

for  browne  paper ; ij        ij 

for  a  dozen  of  gloves  ;    v 

for  a  quyer  of  paper vj 

for  heare  to  John  Ogle ij       vj 

for  a  qrtern  dimid  of  tape  ;   xvj 

for  dimid  pound  of  coloured  threede ;  xx 

for  4.  dozen  of  pasteboordes ;    xvj 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  109 

8.  d. 

for  two  pound  of  white  threede  at  iij8.  viijd. 

the  pound; vij     iiij 

for  two  shepe  sky nnes  for  flay les ;    viij 

for  a  qartern  of  black  threede  ; vij 

for  dimid  li.  of  red  threede  5 xx 

forallom;   iij 

for  past; j 

for  a  quyer  of  paper  ; v 

for  4.  dozen  of  white  buttons  ;  iiij 

for  dimid  pound  of  coloured  threede  ;  xvj 

for  iij  dozen  of  gloves; xvj 

for  a  dozen  of  gloves  for  Maskers  ;  viij 

for  drinke  for  players  ;  vij 

for  a  Car  to  cary  stuff  for  the  Earle  of  Leices- 

ters  men  ;    viij 

For  a  Carr  to  cary  stuff  to  the  waterside  on 

Christmas  daie  at  nighte  ; xvj 

for  dimid  pound  of  coloured  threede  ;  xv 

for  a  Panyer  ;     xiiij 

for  a  Calves  skynne  ; xiij 

for  dimid  pound  of  tape ; xxij 

for  Pomgranettf  orenges,  and  pipens ; iij 

forbayes;  ij 

for  qrtern  of  black  threede; vij 

for  black  tape  ; iiij 

for  4.  dozen  of  poyntes ;    x 

for  nailes  ; ij 

for  candellf ;  ij 

for  threede  ;   ij 

for  buttons  ;   y 

for  a  whirrey  to  Hampton  Court ;    ij 

In  all  amounting  unto  ; v  xj        x 

Willm  Maye  for  holie  and  Ivie  ;  v3. 

Rowland  Allen  for  vj  feltes  for  the  Cenofalles  heade- 

peeces ;  vS- 


110  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

The  Mowldeman  for  a  houndes  heade  mowlded  for  a 
Cenofall ;  ij8. 

The  Turnor  for  a  boxe  for  Myrre ;  iiijd. 

Wydow  leafe  for  two  dozen  of  russhes  wth  vjd.  for  the 
Cariadge ;  v8.  xd. 

John  Davys  for  lynkes  at  sundrie  nigh tes  for  cariadges 
of  the  fframes  from  the  RevelltT  to  the  waterside  and  to 
and  from  the  Court ;  xvjd» 

Edward  Buggyn  gent  for  Ynke  paper  wexe  quilles 
pindust  Rewardes  and  other  Necacies ;  xxs. 

Thomas  Blagrave  Esquyer  for  a  Realme  of  wry  ting 
paper ;  viij3. 

For  two  quyer  of  Royall  paper ;  ijs. 

Thomas  Wright  for  drynking  at  Branford  going  to 
the  Court  and  from  the  Court  for  the  Waggener  and 
others :  xiiijd, 

Cariadges  Edward  Buggyn  gent  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as 

wthhorshier   fbfoweth  :  vid3 

charges    °         ^or  a  Darge  to  cary  stuffe  to  the  Court  26  Decembr 
for  therle  of  Warwick  his  mens  plaie  ;  xij3. 

For  2  Waggons  27  Decembr  for  the  Cariadge  of  stuff 
for  the  L.  Howard^  srvantf  at  xviij3.  the  waggon ; 

xxxvj8. 

For  Cariadge  by  water  of  a  paynted  cloth  and  two 
frames  for  the  Earle  of  Leicesters  to  the  Court  28  De- 
cembr ;  v8. 

For  one  waggon  26°  Decembr  to  carry  stuff  to  the 
Court  of  the  Earle  of  Warwick  his  mens  plaie  ;      xviij8. 

For  a  waggon  to  the  Court  two  or  three  daies  after 
(for  that  theier  plaie  was  deferred  untill  the  Sundaie 
folowing)  to  bring  their  stuff  to  the  Revell^  ;  x8. 

For  a  bardge  to  cary  two  fframes  to  the  Court  for  the 
Children  of  Windsors  plaie  on  Twelf  daie ;  xj3. 

For  two  Waggons  to  carie  stuff  for  the  mask  and  to 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  Ill 

carie  the  Children  that  shold  have  srved  in  the  Maske 
and  to  carie  some  other  stuffe  to  serve  in  the  Children  of 
Windsors  playe  6°  Januarii ;  xxxvj3. 

For  a  bote  to  bring  certein  stuff  that  came  back  from 
the  Court  concerning  the  Lightes  for  the  hall  8°  Januar. ; 

xxd. 

For  a  waggon  to  cary  stuffe  to  Hampton  Court  for 
the  L.  Chamblyn  his  mens  plaie  on  Candlemas  daie  ; 

xviij8. 
vij11.  vij9.  viijd. 

Thomas  Blagrave  Esquyer  for  money  by  him  disbursed 
as  foloweth  vid2 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  and  a  man  from  London  to 
Bedwyn  for  that  Mr  Blagrave  was  sent  for  upon  my  L. 
Chambleyn  his  Comaundement  going  and  retorning  by 
the  space  of  4.  daies  and  at  xxd.  the  daie  for  the  horse- 
hier,  and  for  his  horsemeate  and  his  owne  meate  at  ij9. 
the  daie  and  night  wth  vjd.  for  horshowinge  being  the 
4.  5.  6.  and  7  of  November  1576  ;  xvs.  ijd. 

18  19  20  21 

Tewsdaie,  Wednesdaie,  Thursdaie  and  Frydaye  of 
December  for  the  hier  of  3  horses  at  xxd.  the  daie  a 
peece  from  London  to  Hampton  Court  and  tarying  there 
about  conference  for  the  Charges  in  the  office  and 
and  retorning  that  while  ;  xx8.  and  for  the  hier  of  one 
horse  to  Hampton  Court  and  back  againe  to  London  % 
daies  at  xviijd.  the  daie  :  iij3.  about  the  warrant  and  order 
for  the  Prest.  And  for  ye  meate  of  those  horses  that 
tyme  at  xijd.  daie  and  night  a  horse ;  xiiij3.         xxxvij3. 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  from  London  to  Hampton 
Court  the  xxiiijth  of  December  for  the  warrant  and 
carying  a  note  to  the  Chambleyn  of  alteracon  of  the 
plaies  and  retornyng  on  the  morow,  at  xxd.  the  daie ; 
iij8.  iiijd.  and  for  horsemeate  ij3. ;  in  all  vs.  iiijd. 

For  the  hier  of  3.  horses  from  London  to  Hampton 
Court  on  Sfc.  Johns  daie  and  retorne  on  the  morowe  to 
London  being  the  27  ;  and  28.  of  Decemb  1576.  at  xxd. 


112  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

the  daie  apece ;  xs.     And  for  their  meate  at  xijd.  daie 
and  night  a  pece  for  those  two  daies ;  vj9.  xvj3. 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  the  xxixth  of  December  for  4. 
daies  last  before  at  xxd.  the  daie  3  vj8.  viijd.  the  same 
horses  meate  those  foure  daies  ;  iiij8.  in  all ;        x8.  viijd. 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  the  29th  of  December  for  2.  daies 
last  before  at  xxd.  the  daie,  to  the  Court  and  back  for 
the  plaie  of  Powles  on  Newyeres  daie ;  iij8.  iiijd.  and 
the  horsemeate  ;  ijs.  vs.  iiijd. 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  to  the  Court  the  third  of 
Januarie  1576 ;  and  for  two  daies  last  before  wth  gar- 
mentf  for  a  Maske  to  my  L.  Chamblyn  for  3  daies  at 
xxd.  the  daie  ;  v3.  and  for  the  horsemeate  ;  iij8.  at  xijd. 
the  daie  viij8. 

For  the  hier  of  a  horse  for  4  daies  v3 .  the  5,  6,  7.  and 
8.  daies  of  Januarie  at  xxd.  the  daie ;  vj8.  viijd.  and  his 
meate  for  that  tyme  iiij8.  x8.  viijd. 

For  the  hier  of  3.  horses  the  6th  of  Januarl  for  3.  daies 
v2 .  the  6,  7,  and  8  of  Januarie  at  xxd.  the  daie ;  xv8.  % 
their  meate ;  ix8.  xxiiij8. 

For  Cariadge  of  the  new  frames  to  Paules  Wharf  by 
Carr  the  4  of  Jan.  xijd. 

For  the  hier  of  3  horses  for  2  daies  v2  the  2.  and  3  of 
Februarie  at  xviijd.  the  daie,  a  horse  from  London  to 
Hampton  Court ;  ix8.  and  for  their  meate ;  vj8.         xv8. 

For  the  Cariadge  of  all  the  fframes  T;  stuff  from 
Hampto  Court  to  London  by  barge  3°  Februar. 

xiij8.  iiijd. 

For  Cariadge  of  the  same  from  the  water  side  to  S*. 
Johns ;  ijs. 

viij".  iij8.  vjd. 

Thomas  Tyler  for  the  Cariadge  of  stuff  for  Ferrantf 
playe,  and  furnyture  for  the  lightes  to  Hampton  Court 
on  Twelf  daie  by  Tilt  bote ;  v3. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  113 

To  Nichas  Newdigate  gent,  for  his  paynes  in  hearing  Rewardes 

7 

and  trayninge  of  the  boyes  that  should  have  spoken  the 
speeches  in  the  Mask,  and  for  their  Charges  and  Cariadge 
back  againe ;  xliij8.  viijd. 

To  those  boyes  vzl.  to  everie  one  of  them  for  their 
paynes  ;  ij».  vjd. ;  xvij8,  vjd. 

To  the  Taylors  in  Reward  to  drinke  because  they 
should  not  go  from  their  woorke ;  xijd. 

1576 

To  Stafferton  the  4  of  Januar  for  his  botehire  to 

and  fro  Westm  xijd. 

To  the  Paynters  in  Reward  to  keepe  their  woorke 
that  night ;  xijd. 

To  Groome  of  the  chamber  comyng  wth  a  letter 

from  my  L.  Treasauror  from  the  Court  in  Reward  on 
Christmas  even  at  night  the  24th  of  December  1576  ;  ij8. 

To  Mr  Taylors  man  for  the  doble  Quyttaunce  the  25th 
of  December  1576,  xijd. 

To  Mr  Giles  his  man  for  brynging  vyzerdes  to  the 
Office  twise  in  Reward  ;  vjd. 

To  John  Kelsey  for  using  of  his  Drome  in  the  Dut- 
tons  plaie ;  ij8.  vjd. 

For  openyng  the  Chamber  dore  of  the  Revellf  house 
at  Hampton  Court  the  5th  of  Januar.  vjd. 

To  John  Ragats  for  divers  and  sundrie  tanscriptes  and 
billes  of  deliverie  by  him  written  and  for  other  paynes 
by  him  taken  in  deliverie  %  Induccione  of  pcell£  of  stuff 
caried  out  and  brought  into  the  office  at  sundrie  tymes  to 
him  in  Reward ;  xnj8«  mjd« 

Sma  of  all  the  Emptions  Provisions  Cariadges  Re- 
wardes and  other  Charges  beside  the  wages  aforesaid, 
for  Christmas,  Newyeres  tide,  Twelftide  and  Candlemas 
1576,  Annocjj  Regin.  Regine  Eliz.  xix°. 

iiij  xiiij11.  xiiij8.  ixd. 


114 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Sma  of  all  the  Wages  together  wth  the  Emptions  Pro- 
visions, Cariadges  Rewardes  and  other  charges  for 
Christmas,  Newyeres  tide  Twelftide  and  Candlemas  A° 


rr.  p 


Sd 


X1XC 


clxxij".  ijs.  ixd. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Buggin. 
Walter  fysshe. 


Shrovetyde 
Anno  RRn8e 
Eliz.  prd. 
xix°  1576. 


Preparacons  made  and  woorkes  don  Betweene  xijth  of 
Februarie  1576.  Anno  Regni  Regine  Elizabeth  xix° 
pldict.  at  weh  tyme  the  woorkes  began  for  pvidinge,  pre- 
paring, hearing  furnyshinge  and  setting  foorth  of  divers 
playes  or  showes  of  histories  and  other  Invencons  and 
devyces  folowinge.  And  the  xxjth  of  the  same  moneth 
1576.  Anno  RRnae  xix°  pred:  at  wch  tyme  the  woorkes 
and  attendaunces  did  ende,  and  the  garmentes,  vestures, 
Properties  and  other  furnyture,  wth  the  stuffe  store  and 
other  Implementes  of  the  said  Office,  were  suted  put  in 
order,  laid  up,  and  safebestowed  for  the  view  and  preser- 
vacon  thereof.  The  Charges  wherof  together  wth  all  the 
Emptions  and  Provisions  of  stuff  and  Neccaies  Incident 
wth  the  Cariadges  and  all  other  expences  for  in  and 
about  the  same  particulerlie  ensue  $  vidz) 


Histories 
and  Inven- 
cons shouen 
wthin  the 
tyme  afore- 
said iij  viz. 


The  Historie  of  the  Solitarie  Knight  showen  at  white 
hall  on  Shrovesundaie  at  night,  enacted  by  the  L. 
Howardes  srvant£ 

The  Irisshe  Knyght  showen  at  Whitehall  on  Shrove- 
mundaie  at  night  enacted  by  the  Earle  of  Warwick  his 
srvantf\ 

The  Historye  of  Titus  and  Gisippus  showen  at  white  - 
hall  on  Shrovetuysdaie  at  night,  enacted  by  the  Children 
of  Pawles. 


Maskes  j 
viz. 


A  longe  Maske  of  murrey  satten  crossed  all  over  w 


th 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  115 

silver  lace  wth  sieves  of  gold  tyncell,  wth  headpeeces  full 
of  pipes  of  white  silver  lawne  laid  bias  very  rich,  pre- 
pared for  Twelf  night,  wth  a  device  of  7.  speeches 
framed  correspondent  to  the  daie.  Their  Torchebearers 
vj  had  gownes  of  crymsen  Damask  and  headepeeces  new 
furnished,  showen  on  Shrovetuysdaie  night  wthout  anie 
speeche. 

Taylours  %  others  working  and  attending  the  premiss^ 
the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  asmuch  for  the  night,  the 
residew  at  xijd.  7".  13s.  4d. 

The  Porter  and  other  attendauncf  at  xijd.  the  daie 
ech  one  and  asmuch  for  the  night  54s. 

Paynters  and  others  at  sundrie  rates ;  5U.  18d. 

Habdashers  and  Propertymakers  at  sundrie  rates ; 

39s.  4d. 
Wyerdrawers  at  sundrie  Rates ;  24s.  2d. 

Carvers  Joyners  and  Propertymakers  at  sundrie  Rates. 

Is.  4d. 
Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daie  ;  29s.  4d. 

dayes         nights  s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  daie ;    10  ...  6  lxiiij 

The  ClerkComptroller  at  ijs 10  ...  6  xxxij  Thoffycers 

The  Clerke  at  ijs 10  ...  6  xxxij 

The  Yeoman  at  ijs 10  ...  6  xxxij 

Sma  of  all  the  Wages  due  in  this  Office  for  workman- 
ship and  attendaunces  done  therein  and  upon  the  affaires 
therof  for  Shrovetide  ending  the  xxj  daie  of  Februarie 
1576  anno%  RRnae  Elizabth  xix°  xxx".  xij8. 

T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Bug  gin. 
Walter  fysshe. 
i2 


116 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Eruptions  Provisions  1  Cariadges  wth  Rewardf  and 
other  Charges  Incident. 

The  Mercer  Willm  Roe  for  silkes  by  him  delivered  into  thoffice  v2 . 
18°  Februar  one  ell  dimid  of  crymsen  Taffita  at  xiiij8.  the 
ell ;  xxjs.  and  19°  Februarij  one  peece  of  yelow  sarcenett 
cont.  16.  elles  and  iij  qarters  at  vjs.  thell ;  v11.  vjd. 

vj11.  xviijd. 
Richard  Busshe  for  20  elles  of  Canvas  12°  die  Februar, 
at  xijd.  the  ell  xxs. 


The  lynnen 
draper 


The  up- 
holster 


Paynters 
parcelles 


John  Okes  for  one  peece  of  grene  buckram  by  him  de- 
livered into  the  Office  ;  iiijs.  vjd.  and  18°  Februar  for  one 
pece  of  red  buckram ;  iiijs.  and  the  same  daie  a  close 
stoole  wth  a  large  tynne  panne ;  xs.  in  all,       xviijs.  vjd. 

William  Lyzard  for  coloures  and  neccaies  folowing  ; 

S.  (1. 

Size;    v 

Black  v  lb  at  xijd.  the  li v 

White  3011.  at  iijd.  the  li ;   vij       vj 

Smalt  ij11.  at  iiij9.  the  li viij 

Masticott  j11. ;       iij      iiij 

Red,ju  •       viij 

Browne  j11.;      xviij 

Size;    ... , vj 

Sineperj11 '. ij 

Sapea  qartern x 

Bysse  iij  ozl iij 

Vermelyon  iiij  ozl.  ij 

Vert  j11.;       iiij     viij 

Pottes  for  coloures  ;    x 

White  xxx11.  at  iijd.  the  li. ;   vij       vj 

Copper  color;  , iiij 

Arsidew  iij11.  for  the  great  braunches  at  iij8. 

vjd.  the  li. ; x       vj 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  117 

Arsidew  ij11.  dimid  for  the  xxiiij  small  lightes  wth  v 

pendentes  to  everie  light  at  iijs.  vjd.  the  li.  viij8.  ixd. 

8-       .d- 

Lewis  Lyzard  for  Size ;    iiij   Paynters 

White  ij» vi   Percelles 

J  *    and  other 

«*eo-, • vj    DCaciesoccu- 

Rosett; V  Pied  at  the 

t,,     ,  ....    Court. 

Black;       jiij 

Packthreede;   iiij 

Browne  threede ; , iiij 

AFierpanne; iiij 

Coales;     vj 

Botehier; vj 

In  all; iiij         j 

Richard  Rowland  for  plaister  of  Parrys  ;  ...  iij             Property- 
Flower  to  make  paste vj   ^rcelTes 

Browne  paper; vj 

Ragges  to  mowlde  wth  all ; vj 

Two  penie  nailes  cc iiij 

Clay  to  mowlde  wth  all ; iiij 

Allomj11 xij 

In  all     vj        ij 

Barnard   Fabyan  3.  dozen  of  candellf  at   iiij8.  the  Lightes 

dozen  xij8:   anadother 

....      .  ncacies 

Two  dozen  of  lynkes  at  iiij8.  the  dozen ;  viij8. 

Small  corde  4  peeces  at  vjd.  ye  peece ;  ij8. 

Packthreede  ju.  xijd. 

Great  cord  4  peeces  at  xvjd.  the  pece ;  v8.  iiij**. 

xxx viij8.  iiijd. 

Thomas    Leverett  for  the  furnishing    of  ix    small  Wyer- 

braunches  wth  rownde  plates  and  wyer  ;  xxiiij8.  drawers  Per" 

For  the  furnishing  of  two  great  braunches  wth  wyer 
and  plate;                                                          xxvj8.  viijd. 


118  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

n.         s.       a. 
Ten  pound  of  wyer  for  the  Coming  up  of 

the  small  lightes  at  xijd.  the  li. ;     x 

Foure  quilting  needles  at  iijd.  the  pece ; . . .  xij 

Foure  bodkyns  at  ijd.  the  pece  ; vnj 

Three  dartes  heades at  viijd.  the  pece;  ...  ij 

Half  a  hundreth  of  spikers ;    , xvj 

Two  penie  nailesD x 

Threepenie  nailes,  j  C iij 

Two  Ropes  at  xvjd.  the  pece  ; ij      viij 

For  a  Carr  to  the  Court  to  carie  stuff  for 

lightes  xij 

iij     x  v 
Boordes          Rowland  Robynson  for  xj  single  qarters  at 

quarters  and       iijd.  the  pece :    ij        Jx 

other  ncacies                             -  ..           . 

Doble  qarters  five  at  vjd.  the  peece  ;   ij        vj 

Elme  boorde  one  hundreth  ;    vij 

Seeling  boorde  xxxvj  foote  ij        vj 

Doble  xd.  nailes  j  C. ;   xvj 

Sixpenie  ix  c.  dimid  ; iiij        ix 

Treepenie  nailes  iij  c. ;  ix 

Two  penie  nailes  dimid  thowsand ; viij 

Doble  englishe  xd.  nailes  j  C.  5    xx 

Single  xd.  Nailes  j  C.  5    x 

vd.nailesj  C. ; v 

Tackf  ccc. ; vj 

For  cariadge  of  boordes  and  qarters  at 

sundrie  tymes  ; xij 

In  all  to  the  said  R.  Robynson  ; xxvj      viij 

The  Hab-        Richard  Moorer  for  the  making  of  vj  Se- 

dasher  nato"  Cappes  of  Crymsen  Taffita ; vj 

For  the  making  of  a  large  Frenche  Cappe 

of  blue  tyncell  sarcenett ;     xij 

In  all vij 

The  Armorer  John  Edwyn  for  the  lone  of  certeine  Ar- 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  119 

s.  d. 

mour  wth  a  base  and  Targett^  wch  the  L 
Howardes  srvant£  used  in  their  plaie  of 

the  Solytarye  knyght; vij 

For  Cariadge  of  the  same; xij 

Richard  Rowland  for  one  dozen  of  small  Necessaries 

pasteboorde ij 

For  ij  C.  of  ijd.  nailes  3    iiij 

John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  dis- 
bursed as  foloweth :  via . 

For  two  glasse  voyallf  for  the  L.  Howard^ 

sarvntf  on  Shrovesunday ;  ij 

For  a  lyne  to  draw  a  curteyne  5  iiij 

Richard  Moorer  for  vj  paire  of  syzsars  at 
vjd.  the  paire  for  the  clipping  of  arsidew 
18°Februar.:  iij 

Robt  Collyer  for  30  sackf  of  coales  at  ixd.  Fewell,  &c. 

the  sack  the  1 4th  of  Februarie ;  xxij 

John  Davys  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as  foloweth  ;  Necessaries 

For  a  whirrey  to  Whitehall  5    xij 

For  dimid  li.  of  greene  threede  ;    xx 

For  a  quyer  of  paper ; vj 

For  a  dozen  of  small  pasteboord ;    ij 

For  vj  Lambes  skynnes    ij 

For  dimid  qartern  of  black  threede  ;  iiij 

For  white  threede  ; vj 

For  Moores  Dartes  and  Irishe  Dartes ;  ...  ij 

For  pynnes  ; ij 

For  a  qartern  of  tape  ; x 

For  Ynckle; iij 

For  two  dozen  of  small  pastboorde  :  iiij 

For  dimid  pound  of  coloured  threede  ;  ...  xx 

For  Holy  and  Ivie  3     ij 


120  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Foregges;  j8. 

For   two  formes  for  the  Senate™  in  the  historie  of 
Titus  and  Gisippus ;  vjs. 

For  the  Cariadge  of  the  same  ;  ijd. 

For  the  Cariadge  of  the  Maske  from  S1.  Johns  to  the 
Courte ;  'xijd. 

For  pynnes ;  vjd. 

For  tape ;  iiij 

For  a  dozen  of  Childrens  gloves  ;  vs. 

For  vj  paire  of  gloves  for  Maskers ;  iiij8. 

For  vj  paire  of  gloves  for  Torchebearers ;  ijs.  ijd. 

For  the  mending  and  spangling  of  4  fethers  ;        viijd. 

For  breade  wch  was  uzed  in  the  Histoirie  of  the  Soli- 
tarie  Knight ;  jd. 

For  a  Car  from  the  Revellf  to  the  waterside  to  cary 
stuff  for  the  L.  Howard^  servants  ;  xijd. 

For  a  Carr  to  cary  stuff  for  the  Erie  of  Warwick  his 
men ;  xijd. 

For  two  Carres  to  cary  stuff  for  the  Mask  and  for  the 
Children  of  Powles  from  the  Courte  to  S*.  Johns  ;     iiij8. 

In  all  to  the  said  John  Davis  j  xliiij8.  xjd. 

John  Drawater  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  as  fo- 
loweth  ;  vizi. 

For  the  Cariadge  of  the  Earle  of  Warwick  his  mens 
stuffe  from  the  Revellf  to  Whitehall  and  back  againe  to 
recyte  before  my  L.  Chambleyn  ;  ij\ 

For  the  hier  of  a  bardge  the  14th  of  Febr.  for  the 
Cariadge  of  the  Earle  of  Warwick  his  men  and  stuff  for 
them  to  the  Court  and  back  againe  for  the  14  and  16  of 
Februar.  for  recytall  of  playes,  and  the  17  and  18  for  the 
playes  before  ye  Quene  ;  xxij8. 

For  the  Cariadge  of  the  partes  of  ye  well  counterfeit 
from  the  Bell  in  gracious  strete  to  S*.  Johns  to  be 
pformed  for  the  play  of  Cutwell ;  xd. 

xxiiij8.  xd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  121 

Thomas  Blagrave  Esquyer  for  botehier  to  the  Court  Botehire 
and  from  the  Court  at  sundrie  tymes  ;  vs.  iiijd. 

For  the  repayringe  of  the  nether  Roome  of  the  Clerks  Necacies 
Office  beside  next  the  yard  as  by  the  bill  of  the  pcellf 
appeereth  ;  xj8.  vjd. 

The  Clerke  for  his  grene  Cloth,  and  pap,  Inke, 
Countrs,  Deskes,  standishes  and  Tooles,  for  the  making, 
compiling  and  consrvinge  of  the  Billes,  Plottf,  Pat- 
ternes  and  Modellf  Tx.  for  and  concerninge  this  Office ; 

lxvj8.  viijd. 

To  the  Paynters  and  other  woorkemen  for  victuallf  Rewardes 
because  they  shold  not  go  from  their  woork  in.  Reward  $ 
ij8.  and  to  the  Porters  at  the  gate  attending  at  sundrie 
tymes  xviijd. ;  iij8.  vjd. 

For  myne  owne  charges  coming  from  Bedwyn  the  13 
of  November  1576  up  to  the  Court  and  from  thence  to 
London  and  there  Remayninge  till  the  workes  began 
being  the  xxxjth  of  December  v3.  by  the  space  of  5 
wekes  and  3  daies  wch  everie  waie  standes  me  in ; 

5n.  ij8.  10d. 

Sma  of  all  the  Emptions  provisions,  Cariadges  Re- 
wardes and  charges  beside  wages  for  Shrovetide  vidS 
from  the  xijth  of  Februarie  1576  untill  the  xxjth  of 
Februarie  1576  Anno  R.R  Eliz.  pred  xix°. 

xxviij11.  xvj8.  xd. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edwarde  Buggin. 
Walter  fysshe. 

Sma  of  all  the  whole  woorkes  for  Shrovetide  1576. 
A°  rr  pd.  xix°.  lix11.  viij8.  xd. 

The  Totall  Sma  of  this  whole  Booke;  vidz) xjth 


122 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Ayringes 
from  the 
xj^of 
March  1575 
untill  the 
xxth  of  Dec. 
1576.  A° 
RRn*Eliz. 
xix°. 

Christmas 
Newyeres 
tide  Twelf- 
tide  and 
Candelmas 
viz.  from  the 
xxth  of  Dec. 
1576  untill 
the  iiijth  of 
Feb.  1576. 

Shrovetide 
vz.  from  the 
xijth  day  of 
Feb.  1576 
untill  the 
xxjth  of 
Feb.  1576. 
A°  rr.  Eliz. 
xix°. 


of  March  Anno  RRnae  Elizabeth  xviijmo  untill  the  xxjth 

Annocjj  RRnse  Elizabeth  predict  xix°  hereafter  en- 

sueth. 

Wages  f  Artificers  ;  vi11.  xiii8.  iiii8.  )  ., . 

nl  ~„  ,.  f      xvih.    xiiis.  mid. 

of  I  Officers         x11.  j  J  J        J 

Emptions,  Provisions  T:c  xxijs.  vjd.  xvij11.  xvs.  xd. 


Wages  f  Artificers ;     lviij11.  xviij8.  \  ^-^    yi{. 
of  l  Officers ;        xviij11.       xs.  i 

a         xx 

Emptions  Provisions  Tx.  iiij  xiiij11.  xiiij8.  ixd. 

clxxijli.  ij8.  ixd. 


Wages  f  Artificers  5        xxij11.  xij8.  )  r 

oft  Officers;  viij".  J      XXX''     ^ 


Emptions  Provisions  Tx. 


xxviij11.  xvjs.  xd. 

lix11.  viij8.  xd. 

Sma  ccxlixu.  vij8.  vd. 


John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  aswell 
about  the  Charges  of  makinge  thaccomptes  of  the  Audito* 
of  the  prestes,  and  declaracon  of  the  same  before  my  L. 
Trer  and  Sr  Walter  Mildmay  as  also  for  the  Charges  of 
the  Quenes  Warrant  the  privie  seale,  direccon  of  the 
payment  of  the  money  and  Receipt  of  the  same ; 

viij11.  xs. 

Sma  totlis  of  the  whole  wages  Emptions,  Provisions, 
Cariadges  Rewardes  and  other  Chardges  for  the  severall 
tymes  aforesaid.  cc.lvij11.  xvij3. 

T.  Blagrave. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  123 


[BOOK   VI.] 


Revellf  1578.  Anno  Regni  Regine  Elizabethe  xxj°  the 
Lidgerd  pticuler  Booke  of  all  the  Chardgf  Rising  and 
growing  wthin  the  said  office  Betweene  the  xiiijth  of 
Februarie  1577,  And  the  vjth  of  March  1578.  A0  Regni 
Rna>  Eli3  pred.     viz! 

Betweene  the  xiiijth  of  Februarie  1577.  Anno  regni 
regine  Elizabeth  xxmo  And  the  xxth  of  December  1578. 
Anno  regni  regine  Elizabeth  xxj°.  The  chardges  of  this 
office  grewe  by  raeanes  of  Ayring,  Repairing,  pusing 
amending,  brushing,  Spunging,  Rubbing,  wiping,  Sweep- 
ing, making  cleane,  Putting  in  order,  folding  laying  upp, 
and  safebestowing  of  the  garment^,  vestures,  apparell, 
disguysingf,  propties  and  furnyture  of  the  same  from 
tyme  to  tyme  (wthin  those  monethes)  as  the  necessitie 
therof  from  tyme  to  tyme  Required  to  keepe  the  same  in 
Readiness  for  service,  which  ells  would  be  mowldie, 
mustie,  motheaten  and  Rotten  by  meanes  of  the  dank- 
ness  of  the  howse  and  wante  of  convenient  presses  and 
placf  requisite.  The  pties  whoe  comonly  attend  the  said 
office  for  the  said  purpose  wth  theier  severall  names 
allowed  for  this  tyme  pticulerly  hereafter  ensueth. 

vizi. 

Taylors  and  others  working  T;  attending  the  fWsses  at 
the  Officers  commandm'  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  the 
rest  at  xijd.  as  in  form1'  prsidentf ;  W.  iiij8. 


124  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

dayes  li.         s. 

The  Officers  The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  daie ; 24  ...     iiij       xvj 

The  Clerk  coinptroller  at  ijs.  the  daie;  24  ...  xlviij 

The  Clerk  at  ijs.  the  daie;   , 24  ...  xlviij 

The  Yoman  at  ij9.  the  daie;     24  ...  xlviij 

xiJ 

Fewell  and         John  Lucas  for  Fewell  and  other  necessaries  by  him 
er  neces-   bought  provided  and  brought  into  the  office  and  used  at 
sundrey  tymes  in  the  said  Ayringf  amending  T:c  wthin 
the  tyme  aforesaid;  via. 

s.  d- 

Coales  xxx  sackes ;  , xxij       vj 

Browne  thred  di.  li xiiij 

28.  lOd.  2s.  4d. 

White  thred  one  pound,  black  thred  one  li.  v       ij 

Cullered  thred,  3  q/ters  of  a  pounde ; ij    viij 

Tape  one  pound ; iij    viij 

8  s.  ^  xd. 

Brushes  iiij.  Rubbing  brushes ;  iij;    viij        x 

Whitebrushes   Longe   and   shorte  for   Cob- 

webbes  4; «         ij 

Billettf  one  Thowsand xij    viij 

lviij    viij 


Sma  totalis  of  all  the  whole  Ayringf  wthin  the  tyme 


Christmas 
Newveares 
tide  twelf- 
tide  and  the 
Sonday  fo- 
lowing  A0 
1578. 


aforesaid ; 

E.  Tyllney. 
Edward  Buggyn. 


xxiirj11.  ijs.  viijd. 

T.  Blagrave. 
Walter  Fysshe. 


The  Chardges  of  those  tymes  viS .  Betwene  the  xxth  of 
December  1578.  Anno  Regni  Regine  Elizabeth  j?d  xxj° 
at  wch  tymes  the  workf  beganne  for  the  providing  pre- 
paring hearing  devising,  furnishing,  and  setting  forth  of 
divrse  plaies  or  showes  of  histories  and  other  speciall  In- 
vencons  devises,  and  showes  for  that  tyme  incidente. 
And  the  xvth  of  Januarie  in  the  said  xxjth  yeare  of  her 
Mates  Raigne  at  wch  tyme  the  workf  and  attendauncf 
did  end.     Together  with  all  themptions,  provisions  of 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  125 

stuffe,  and  necessaries,  caryage  and  other  incident^ 
bought  provided  done  and  attended  by  divrse  psons 
whose  severall  names  rate  and  wagf  wth  their  Reward^ 
and  allowauncf  doe  pticulerly  in  theier  apte  placf  ensue. 

An  Inventyon  or  playe  of  the  three  Systers  of  Mantua 

she  wen  at  Richmond  on  Sl  Stephens  daie  at  night  enacted  TT. 

• ,  .       i  •      i  •      rr«       Histories 

by  thearle  of  Warwick  his  srvnt£  |  furnished  in  this  office  an(j  inven- 

with  sundrey  thinges  as  was  requisite  for  the  same.  cons  she  wen 

The  Historie  of shewen  at  Richmond  on  S*  Johns  tvmeafore. 

daie  at  night  enacted  by  the  Children  of  the  Quenes  said  vj.  viz. 
Mates  chappell  furnished  in  this  Office  wth  verie  manie 
things  aptly  fitted  for  the  same. 

An  history  of  the  creweltie  of  a  Stepmother  shewen 
at  Richmond  on  Innocent^  daie  at  night  enacted  by  the 
Lord  Chamberlaynes  srvauntf ,  furnished  in  this  office 
wth  sondrey  things . 

A  Morrall  of  the  marryage  of  Mynde  and  Measure 
shewen  at  Richmond  on  the  sondaie  next  after  New- 
yeres  daie  enacted  by  the  children  of  Pawles  furnished 
with  something^  in  this  office  5 

A  Pastorell  or  historie  of  a  Greeke  Maide  showen  at 
Richmond  on  the  sondaie  next  after  Newyeares  daie  en- 
acted by  the  Earle  of  Leicester  his  servaunt^  furnished 
wth  something^  in  this  office. 

The  historie  of  the  Rape  of  the  second  Helene  shewen 
at  Richmond  on  Twelf  daie  at  night  well  furnished  in 
this  office  wth  manie  things  for  them. 

A  Maske  of  Amasones  in  all  Armore  compleate  ncell 
gilte  gilded  wthin  this  Office  wth  Counterfett  Mur- 
ryons  silvered  ovr  and  pcell  guylte  (besides  their  head- 
peecf  belonging  to  their  Armoure)  and  a  creste  on  the 
toppe  of  every  of  them  having  longe  heare  hanging 
downe  behind  them,  their  kirtles  were  of  Crymson  cloth 
of  gold  being  indented  at  the  skirte  and  Laied  wth  silver 


126 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Maskes 
shewen  be- 
fore Her 
Matie  the 
French  Im- 
bassador  be- 
ing present 
the  Sonday 
night  after 
Twelfdaie 
wherof  one 


Lace  and  frindge  wth  pendauntf  of  golde  Tassells  gold 
knobbes  and  set  on  with  Broches  of  golde  plated  uppon 
the  skirte  wth  plates  of  silver  lawne  wth  tassells  of  gold 
Laid  under  belowe  in  steed  of  petticotf  wth  white  silver 
rich  tincle  fringed  wth  golde  fringe,  Buskins  of  oringe 
cullor  velvet  Antick  Fawcheons  and  shield^  wth  a  devise 
painted  theron  and  Javelingf  in  their  handf  one  wth  a 
speach  to  the  Quenes  Matie  delivering  a  Table  wth 
writing^  unto  her  highnes  comyng  in  wth  musitions 
playing  on  Cornett^  apparelled  in  longe  white  taffeta 
sarcenett,  garment^  torche  bearers  wth  the  troocheman 
wearing  longe  gownes  of  white  taffeta  wth  sleaves  of  the 
same  and  uppon  them  had  longe  crymson  taffeta  gownes 
wthout  sleaves,  Indented  at  the  skirte  and  frindged  Laced 
and  tasseled  wth  silver  and  gold  tucked  upp  wth  the  gird- 
ing almoste  to  the  knee,  bowes  in  their  handf  and  qui- 
vers of  Arrowes  at  theier  girdles  head  peecf  of  gold 
Lawne  and  woemens  heare  wrethed  verie  faire  and  after 
the  Amasons  had  dawnced  wth  Lordf  in  her  Mates  pre- 


sence m  came. 


An  other  Maske  of  Knightf  all  likewise  in  Armoure 
compleate  pcell  guilte  also  guilte  wthin  this  office  wth 
like  counterfett  Murryons  uppon  their  headf  silvered 
and  rjcell  guylte  wth  plomes  of  Feathers  in  the  toppes  of 
every  of  them,  wth  bases  of  Rich  gold  Tyncell  frindged 
wth  gold  frindge  garded  wth  riche  purple  silver  Tyncell, 
Lardge  Bawdrickf  about  their  neckf  of  black  gold  Tyn- 
cell having  Truncheons  in  their  handf  guylte  and 
guylded  sheildf  wth  a  posey  written  on  every  of  them, 
their  showes  of  gold  Lawne  tyncell  and  comyng  in  wth 
one  before  them,  wth  a  speach  unto  her  highnes  and  de- 
livering a  table  written,  their  torch  bearers  being  Rutters 
apparrelled  in  greene  satten  Jerkines  payned  Laid  wth 
silver  Laice  and  drawne  owte  wth  Tincell  sarcenet  their 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  127 

hose  being  verie  longe  paned  of  rased  velvet,  ground 
yealowe  and  rasing  greene  likewise  Laid  wth  silver  Lace 
and  drawn  owte  wth  tincell  sarcenett  their  hattf  of  crym- 
son  silk  and  sylver  throrned  and  wreythed  bandf  wth 
Feathers  the  Amasons  and  the  Knightf  after  the  Knightf 
had  dawnced  a  while  wth  Ladies  before  her  Matie,  Did 
then  in  her  Mates  absence  fight  at  Barriars 

Taylors  T:  others  attendauntf  working  and  attending 
the  pmisses  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  as  much  the 
night,  and  the  reste  at  xijd.  xxx11.  iiij8.  viijd. 

Paynters  and  others  working  and  attending  uppon  the 
jJmisses  the  daie  *\  night  at  sondrey  ratf .  vizi . 

xju.  xj8.  vjd. 

The  Porter  and  other  Attendauntf  at  xijd.  the  daie ; 

iv11.  xiiij8. 

Wyerdrawers  at  sondrey  ratf ;  xxvij8. 

Proptymakers ;  lij8. 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daie  and  as  much  the  night ; 

iij11.  ix8.  iiijd. 

dayes         nights  li.        s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  daie 27  ...  11  vij  xij  Thofficers 

The  clerk  comptroller  at  ij8.  27  ...  11  iij  xvj 

The  Clerk  at  ij8 27  ...  11  iij  xvj 

The  Yoman  at  ij8 27  ...  11  iij  xvj 

Sma  of  all  the  wages  due  wthin  this  office  aswell  for 
workmanship  and  attendauncf  done  there  in  and  uppon 
thaffaires  therof  for  Xrmas  Newyeares  tide  and  Twelftyde 


128  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

as  uppon  the  ij  Maskes  shewen  before  her  Matie  the  Im- 
bassado'8  being  there  on  sondaie  night  the  xjth  of  Janu- 
ary 1578  ending  the  xvth  of  the  same  January  in  the 
xxjth  yere  of  her  Mates  raigne;  lxxij11.  xviij8.  vjd. 

The  Mer-  Willm.  Roe  for  taffeta  sarcenet  by  hym  delivered  into 

cers  percells  this  office  viz.  the  11th  of  January  1578  blewe  taffetie 

Sarcenet  at  viij8.  the  ell  16  ell£  qarter ;  vj11.  x8.    Yealowe 

taffeta  sarcenet  at  viij8.  the  ell,  ellf  17  qater ;  vj11.  xviij8. 

Crymson  taffata  sarcenet  at  ixs.  the  ell  vij  ellf  di ;  lxvij8. 

vjd.     White   taffeta   sarcenet   at  viij8.   the   ell  iij   ellf 

Quarter  ;  xxvj8.  in  all ;  xviij11.  j8.  vjd. 

Walter  Fyshe  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as  foloweth. 

For  viij   ellf  of  taffata  sarcenet  white  at  ixs.  the  ell; 

lxxij8.    for  an  ell  di.  of  white  taffata  at  sarcenet  at  xij8. 

the  ell  xviij8.     And  for  ij  yardf  of  white  Buckerome  ijs. 

All  for  the  musitions  of  the  Amasons  and  xiij  yardf 

Quarter  of  Copper  silver  white  tincell  byrdf  eyes  at  x8. 

the  yard  ;  vj11.  xij8.  vjd.     In  all  5  xj11.  iiij8.  vjd. 

Willm  Bowell  for  xxj  yardf  Quarter  of  blewe  tyncell 

sarcenet  at  viij8.  the  yard  brought  into  the  office  the  ixth 

of  Januarie,  1578  in  the  whole  amounting  to;    viij11.  x9. 

Upholsters  for  Vj  dozen  of  £uylte  Belles  for  the  Ama~ 

percells  sons,  vj8.    for  vj  peecf  of  Buckromes  at  iiij8.  viij d.  the 

peece ;  xxviij8.    for  a  close  stoole ;  x8.    for  one  peece  of 

verie  good  Buckrome  v8.  xlix8. 

Sylkmans  Trott  for  9"'  <luartr  of  silk  to  make  heares  for 

percells  the  Amasons  at  xxij8.  the  pownd.  xlix8.  vjd. 

Walter  Fysshe  for  mony  by  him  paid  for  a  yard  of 
gold  Tyncell  of  the  Narrowest  sorte ;  ij8.  And  for  a 
yard  three  quarters  di.  of  silvr  Lawne  tyncell  of  the  Nar- 
rowest sorte ;  v8.  in  all ;  vij8. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  129 

Gyllam  Tyen  for  pcells  by  him  brought  into  the  office, 
viz!. 

Silver  copper  frindge  at  xviijd.  v  o3 .  di ;        viij8.  iijd. 

Longe  frindge  of  golde  copp  at  xxd.  the  o3.  xiij  ozl. 
di. ;  xxij8.  vjd.  Frindge  and  Tassells  of  gold  copp  v  o3. 
viij8.  iiijd.  deepe  gold  copper  frindge  xij  ouncf;  xxs. 
For  iiij°  di.  of  copp  gold  frindg  at  ijs.  iiijd.  ye  o3.  xs.  vjd. 

lxix8.  vijd. 

Willm  Bowie  for  sundrey  pcells  brought  into  the  saide 
office;  viz!. 

Deepe  frindge  of  copper  gold  at  ijs.  the  ozl.vozl.; 

x8.  vjd. 

Frindge  of  copp  silver  at  xviijd.  the  ozl.  14  o3.  di. 

xxj8.  ixd. 

Tassells  of  copp  silver  ix  o3.  di  xiiij*.  iijd. 

Deepe  Frindge  and  tassells  of  copp  gold,  xj  o3 . ;  xxij8. 

Frindge  and  tassells  of  copp  silver,  x  ouncf  Quarter  \ 

xvs.  4d.  ob. 

Deepe  Frindge,  Copp  gold,  iij  ozl  di.  vij8. 

Frindge  of  Copp  silv!  viij  o3 .  xij8. 

Frindge  of  cop  sylver  viij  o3  q/ter;         xij8.  iiijd.  ob. 

Deepe  Frindge  and  tassells  of  copp  gold  16  ozl.  xxxij8. 

xij  tassells  for  Javelynes  of  Crymson  silk  and  copp 
silver  xij  ouncf  Quarter ;  xviij8.  iiijd.  ob. 

Deepe  Frindge  and  tassells  of  gold,  xij  ozl  qfte 

xxiiij8.  vjd. 

Frindge  of  copp  silver,  xiij  oz! .  xix8.  vjd. 

Deepe  Frindge  and  tassells  of  copp  gold  xxxij  ouncf ; 

lxiiij8. 

Frindge  of  copp  silver  vj  o3.  di.  ixs.  ixd. 

Frindge  of  crymson  silk  and  silvv  xiij  o3  ;      xix8.  vjd. 

Tassells  of  copp  gold  vj  o3 .  Quarter  5  xij8.  vjd. 

Frindge  and  tassells  of  crymson  silk  and  silver  xiij 
ouncf ;  .  xix8.  vjd. 

K 


130  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Deepe  frindge  and  tassells-pf .  copp  gold  viij  ounc? 
Quarter;  ...  '  v  xvj8.  vjd. 

Small  tassells  of  copr/silvr  vij  o2  Xs.  vjd, 

Deepe  Frindge  of  copg  gold,  iij  ozl . ;  vjs- 

Calles  for  tassells  of  copp  gelde  one  oi!.  q^terj  ijs.vjd. 

Hugh  Fayreclough  for  sundrey  pcells  by  him  brought 
*  into  the  office  ;  videlicet, 

Gold  Lawne  Tincell  at  iij8.  viijd.  the  yard  31  yard? 
di.j  :.  cxv8.  vjd. 

Sylver  tyncell  at  ijs.  vjd.  the  yard,  iij  yard?  ;  vij8.  vjd. 
Frindge  of  copp  silvr  at  xvjd;  the  oz) .  13  ozj  . ; 

xvij8.  iiijd. 
Sylv)  Lawne  tyncell  at  ij8.  vjd.  the  yarde  xiij  yard? ; 
'.  xxxij8.  vjd. 

viij11.  xij8.  xd. 
Property-  Pawle  Sytolyn  for  vij  head  peee?  of  silver  and  gold 

makers  per-    Lawne  and  Woomens  heare  at  xiij8.  iiijd.  the  peece  for 
cells*  torch  bearers  for  the  Amasons  ;  iiij11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

John  Ogle  for  the  cullering  the  yealow  heare  and 
stuffe  to  curie  it,  iiij8.  and  for  vj  beardes  for  the  vizard? 
for  the  Knight?,  x8. ;  xiiij8. 

George  Joyner  for  xij  Fawchions  for  the  Amasons  ; 
xxvj8.  viijd.  vj11.  xiij8. 

Willyam  Lyzarde  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought 
into  the  office ;  viz! . ; 

For  xij  Murryons  counterfeite  mowlded  and  guilt  at 
vj8.  viijd.  the  peece  ;  iiij11. 

For  xij  Lyons  head?  counterfeite  moulded  and  guylt 
at  ij8  vjd.  the  peece ;  xxxs. 

For  xxxtie  dozen  of  Roases  mowlded  and  guylded  at 
xvjd.  the  dozen  ;  xls. 

viin.  x8. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  151 

Willyam  Carpe  -for.  sondrey  ^cells  brought  into  the 
office;  vizi. 

For  xij  shield^  at  xvijd.  the. peece ;  xvij8. 

vij  Turkie  Bowes,  at  xijd.  the  peece  vijs.  vj  speares  at 
vijd.  the  peece ;  iijs.  vjd.  for  fitting  of  vj  trunchions  xijd. 
For  translating  "of  vj  she'ildf ;  xijd.  and  for  glewing  a 
Fawchion  vjd.  in  the  whole;.    ..  xxx*. 

XXXs* 

Barnarde  Fabyan  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  provided 
and  brought  into  thoffice  at  sondrey  tymes  in  mannr  and 
Forme  following,  vi2 . 

li.  s,  d. 

The  xxjth  of  December,  1578  a  pound 

of  Cearing  Candle; xij 

For  vj  linckf  at  iiijd.  the  peece  ; ij 

A  peece  of  greate  cord ;..... xvj 

A  peece  of  small  cord  ;  vj 

Cotten  Candles  at  iiijd.  the  pound ;  xiju.  iiij 

The  xxvth  of  December  1578.     A  dozen 

of  cotten  candles  at  iiijd.  the  pound  xij11.  iiij 

A  pownd  of  Packethread ; . xij 

The  xxviijth  of  the  same  December,  ij 

dozen  cotten  candles ; viij 

A  pound  of  Cearing  candle; xij 

A  peece  of  small  corde  ;     vj 

A  pound  of  Packthread  ; xij 

The  iiijth  of  Januarie  1578,  two  dozen 

cotten  candles ;   viij 

A  pound  of  glewe ;     iiij 

A  peece  of  greate  corde  ;  xvj 

A  peece  of  small  cord ;  vj 

A  pound  of  cearing  candle ;  xij 

The  vjth  of  Januarie  1578,  for  a  dozen11. 

of  cotten  candles ;  iiij 

The  viijth  of  Januarie  a  dozen  pound  of 

Cotten  candles; iiij 

k2 


162  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

b.         a. 

The  xtb  of  Januarie,  a  dozen  pound  of  Cot- 
ten  candles ;  , iiij 

The  xjth  of  Januarie  two  dozen  of  cotten 
Candles; viij 

The  xiijth  of  Januarie  1578,  for  three  powndf 

of  Cowtten  candles; xij 

In  all;    lvj       vj 

Paynters  Willyam  Lyzarde  for  cullers  and  Necessaries  by  him 

percells  pvided  and  brought  into  this  office  videlt ; 

s.  d. 

For  Sise ;   xiij       vj 

For  pott£  and  nayles ;  ij 

For  redd  two  pound  ;    xvj 

For  vermyllion  viij  o2  ;    ij        vj 

For  Synep;    iij 

For  Smalt  iij11.  di.  at  iijs.  the  pound,   x        vj 

Black  three  pound  at  xvjd.  the  li. ; iiij 

White  xxxij'1.  at  iijd.  the  pound;    viij 

Yealowe  ;  xvj 

Verteapownd;     iiij 

Masticott  j11. ;    iij 

Sape  greene  o/ter  li. ;  ij 

Blewing  q/ter  li.; iij 

Browne;     xvuj 

Assidue  iij  li. ;   x       vj 

Shells  of  gold  at  xvjd.  the  peece ;  ix ; xij 

Shells  of  silvr  at  xd.  the  pece,  vij  ;  ix ;    v        x 

Fine  cullors  for  paterns  and  for  the  shield^ ;  x 

Bisse  iiij  ozl. ;    viij 

Fyre  pannes,  ij. ;   vj 

Gilte  Belles  iij  dozen  ;  iij        vj 

Fatt  oyle  and  fine  gold  size  for  the  Armors 

andSwordf; vj     viij 

Fine  gold  for  the  Armor  and  Swordf  ;    ...    lxxviii 

ptie  gold  for  sheildf  trunchions  T:  fawchions ;  xxx 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  133 

Sylvr  for  the  Bowes  and  Fawchions  iiij3.  vjd.  dymme  black ; 

viijd. 

In  all  xju.  ix3.  xd.  wherof  the  Mr  and  Clerkcomptroller 

have  abated  for  excessive  prices,  xxxij9.  iiijd.     And  so 

remayneth  :  ix11.  xvij3.  vjd. 

xxxiijs.  iiij  d.#  xxxiij  s.  iiijd. 

To  John  White,  and Bos  well  for  the  ncell  gilding 

of  two  Armors  compleat  for  Mr  Tresham  and  Mr  Knowles 
being  two  of  the  Knightes  in  the  Amasons  maske ; 

lxvjs.  viijd. 

Rowland  Robinson  for  xvj  furre  poles ;  viij8.  Carpenters 

Rafters  at  xiiijd.  the  peece  viij  ;  ixs.  iiijd.  PerceHs 

Bordf  at  vijs.  vjd.  the  c.  v.  c.  di;  xljs. 

Single  alters  for  Rayles  at  iijd.  the  peece  ix ;    ijs.  iijd. 

For  a  dore  and  dore  postes  hookes  hyngf  Bolte  and 
staple  to  the  same  for  the  Leadf  in  the  Mr  his  Lodging  ; 

xvj3.  viijd. 
lxxvij3.  vjd. 

Richard  Warby   for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought  Iron- 
into  this  office ;  viz! .  mongers 

One  Thowsand  of  vjd.  nayles  ;  v8. 

6s.  viijd.  48. 2d. 

Doble  xd.  nayles  iiij  c. ;  single  xd.  nailes.  v  c.  x3.  xd. 
For  great  spikes  to  straine  the  Wiers  in  the  hall ;  xvjd. 
For  mending  two  Lockes  for  a  cheste  in  the  office ; 

xiiijd. 
xviij3.  iiijd. 
Walter  Fysshe  for  money  by  him  disbursed,  viz!. 
For  the  washing  and  glacing  of  vj  sarcenet  shirtf ;   Necessaries 

viij3. 
For  halfe  a  yard  of  cotton  ;  vd. 

m  viijd.  t  vjd. 

For  ij  linckf  and  his  mans  supp  when  he  wente  to  my 
Lo :  Chamberleynes  being  sente  for  ;  xiiijd. 

To  iiijor  men  for  making  garment^  at  the  courte  for 
the  musitions  of  the  Amasons  ;  iiij3. 

xiij8.  vijd. 


134  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Edwarde  Buggyn  gent  for  mony  by  him  pd. 
For  half  a  Reame  of  fine  Lardge  pap  ;  vs. 

For  half  a  Reame  of  courser  sorte  5  iijs.  iiijd. 

For  a  hundred  of  choice  quills  ;  vd. 

For  a  bottle  and  a  pinte  of  Inck  ;  xijd. 

For  ij  lardge  pap  bokes  to  remayne  in  the  office ;     vs. 

xiiijs.  ixd. 
Thomas  Wright  for  money  by  him  disbursed  ;  viz) . 
For  thread ;  xij9.  xd. 

Tape ;  vij8.  xjd. 

Paste  borde  iij  dozen  and  one ;  vijs. 

vjs.  vj  d.  viijd. 

Rushes  ij  dozen  Bundles  T:  the  cariage  ;  vij8  ijd. 

Holly  and  Ivie ;  xijd. 

Three  yardf  of  gray  cloth  to  make  my  Lo  :  of  Leices- 
ter men  a  fishermans  coat ;  vs. 

jd.  iiijd.  ijs-vjd. 

Bromes,  small  nayles,  a  brushe  ;  ijs.  xjd. 

For  ij  peecf  of  cord  and  a  chalk  lyne  ;  xixd. 

xlv8.  vd. 

John  Davyes  for  sundrey  thingf  by  him  brought  into 
thoffice ;  vizi . 

For  tape  occupied  when  the  children  of  the  chappell 
plaid  before  the  Queene  ;  xd. 

vj  d.  xv  iij  d. 

For  thred  T:  silk  and  a  dozen  of  past  bordf  ;  ij8. 

xijd.  xx  d. 

For  iiijor  pullies  ij  yardf  of  cotten  to  make  Rolles  for 
the  headpeecf  ;  ijs.  viijd. 

vj8.  vjd. 

John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  ;  vizi , 
For  ij  lynes  to  drawe  curtens  wth  ;  xijd. 

xvj  d.  viijd.  ijs. 

For  a  rope,  a  pulley,  as  basket,  to  serve  in  the  Earle 
of  Warwick^  men  plaie  ;  iiij8. 

iiij  s. 

For  iiij  quire  of  Royall  pap  and  a  Reame  of  small 

vjs.  viiijd. 

pap  x8.  viijd. 

For  a  standishe  iij3.  iiijd.   Inck,  ijd.  quills,  ijd.  pennes, 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  185 

ijd.     Waxe,  iiijd.   counters,  xvjd.  pindust,  vjd.  and  pen- 
knife, xijd.  vijs. 
For  ij  peecf  of  small  cord  for  pendauntf  at  the  Courte 
being  verie  fine  and  lardg  for  the  purpose ;         iiij8.  vjd. 

V  8. 

For  a  little  cheste  wth  Lock  and  key  to  put  paps  and 
paterns  for  divrse  causes  in  the  office  and  ij  paire  of 
compasses  xvjd. ;  vjs.  iiijd. 

A  dozen  and  a  half  of  gloves  for  maskers  at  xvjd.  the 
paire  xxiiij8.  T:  a  dozen  and  a  half  of  gloves  for  torche- 
bearers  at  viijd.  srving  the  Doble  maske  shewing  at  the 
courte  the  Imbassador  being  there  xijs. ;  xxxvj8. 

To  Greene  the  coffermaker  for  lynnyng  a  cheste  wth 
Buckrome  for  thoffice ;  ij3. 

lxxj8.  ijd. 

Roger  Tyndall  for  the  making  of  xij  Skabordf  to  be  Armorers 
used  in  the  Amasons  maske  ;  viij8.  Percells 

For  xij  chapes  guylte  for  the  same  scaberdf  ;  ij8. 

For  covering  of  xij  handles  and  garnishing  them  wth 
nayles :  ij8. 

xij8. 

To  Bastyan  for  the  hier  of  vj  plomes  of  feathers  for  Fether- 
Knightes  in  the  Amasons  maske  and  iiij8.  geven  to  take  maker 
agayne  iiij  of  the  falles  of  the  same  feathers  wch  other- 
wise by  composition  should  have  cost,  viij8.     Because 
they  were  dropte  wth  torches  and  vjd.  for  iij  hearons 
toppes  wch  were  burnte  wth  Torches.    In  all ;     xvj8.  vjd. 

xvj8.  vjd. 

Thomas  Wrighte  for  mony  by  him  disbursed,  viz! .         Cariage  by 
The  Cariage  of  a  basket  from  Barmesey  to  the  Rev-  Jjjj^jf 
velle  when  the  stuffe  were  shewen  to  my  L.  Chamberlen,  h0rsehier 

xxd#   and  riding 

f*  ri  i\  i*fl  o*f*  q 

For  the  cariage  of  a  hamper  wth  stuffe  to  Whitehall  Ti 
back  againe ;  ij8. 

iij8.  viijd. 


136  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

John  Davyes  for  money  by  him  laid  owt ;  viz! . 

Boate  hier  to  and  from  the  Courte  to  carry  the  stuffe 
for  the  children  of  the  chappell  to  Recite  before  my 
Lord  Chamberleyne ;  xijd. 

Boate  hier  iij  tymes  to  Barmesey  and  back  agayne  to 
waight  my  Lo.  Chamberlaines  comyng  thither  ;         xijd. 

Boate  hier  to  the  courte  to  carry  my  Lo.  Chamber- 
leyne Patorns  of  the  Maske  ;  vjd. 

Two  Carres  to  carry  the  Mask  from  Pawles  wharfe  to 
S4.  Johns;  xviijd. 

iiij*. 

Walter  Fysshe  for  mony  by  him  disbursed ;  vizi. 

For  Boate  hier  to  Barmesey  to  speake  wth  my  Lo. 
Chamberleyne ;  iiijd. 

For  a  Carre  the  next  daie  to  carry  ij  Baskettf  of 
stuffe  to  Barmesey  to  shewe  my  Lo.  Chamberleyne ;    ij8. 

For  his  owne  boate  hyer  the  same  day ;  iiijd. 

Boat  hier  to  Mr  Brydemans  to  see  what  stuffe  was 
there  ;  viijd« 

For  a  Carre  to  fetche  home  the  same  stuffe  ;  ijs. 

For  his  boate  hier  when  he  wente  to  fetche  awaie  the 
same  stuffe;  viijd. 

For  his  boate  hier  to  and  from  the  courte  when  he 
wente  to  make  the  garment^  for  the  Amasons  Musi- 
tions ;  iiij8. 

xB.  iiijd. 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  money  by  him  dis- 
bursed ;  videlt. 

For  his  chardges  wth  ij  men  the  20  and  21th  of  Decem- 
ber 1578.  from  Bedwin  in  wiltes  to  London  xx5.  The 
chardge  of  iij  horses  in  London  and  backe  xs.  ;        xxx". 

For  his  boate  hier  from  London  to  Richmond  the 
xxijth  of  the  same  December,  1578.  to  speake  wth  my 
Lo.  Chamberlayne  and  back  agayne ;  x8.  xxx8. 

For  his  boate  hier  from  London  to  Richmond  to  speake 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  137 

wth  my  Lo.  Chamberleyne  and  back  agayne,  v8.,  his  boate 
hier  the  28th  of  December  1578  to  the  court  to  shew  my 
Lo.  Chamberlaine  a  patorne  for  a  maske  and  back  againe, 
v8.  his  boate  hier  from  London  to  the  courte  the  second 
of  Januarie,  1578,  ij8.  vjd.  For  ij  wherries  from  London 
to  the  Courte  the  xjth  of  Januarie  for  him  self  and  others 
that  wente  to  sett  forth  the  maske ;  v8.  And  for  boat 
hier  to  Whitehall  For  choice  of  Stuffe  to  Barmesey  for 
choice  of  plaies  and  conference  about  maskf  and  divrse 
other  placf  in  London,  and  sondrey  tymes  as  occasion 
served  ;  vs.  viijd.     in  all ;  xxiiij8.  ijd. 

liiij8.  ijd. 

John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as  fo- 
loweth,  videlt 

The  xxiiij th  of  December  1578.  for  his  bote  hier  to 
the  courte  and  back  againe  to  get  the  Warrante  signed  ; 
iij8.  iiijd.  26  of  December  for  ij  Carres  to  carry  the 
Frames  to  the  Water  side ;  xxd.  his  own  botehier  and  ij 
wheries  to  carry  the  frames  to  the  courte ;  vijs.  for 
cariadge  of  the  stuffe  from  the  courte  by  water  the  27th 
of  December  that  served  in  my  Lo.  Chamberleynes  men 
plaie  ;  iij8.  vjd.  The  same  daie"*for  cariage  of  the  stuffe 
that  served  the  plaie  for  the  children  of  the  chappell  to 
the  courte  and  back  agayne;  vj8.  viijd.  The  29th  of 
December  for  his  boate  hier  when  he  carried  the  privie 
seale  to  Mr  Peeter  from  the  Courte ;  xxd.  30  of  De- 
cember for  his  bote  hier  wth  others  from  Powles  Wharf 
to  Mr  Brydemans  from  thence  to  Lambeth  and  so  to  the 
courte  when  my  Lo.  Chamberleyne  toke  a  viewe  of  the 
stuffe  at  Mr  Brydemans;  iij8.  The  Firste  of  Januarie 
for  cariage  of  a  frame  for  master  Sabastian  to  the  courte  ; 
iij8.  vjd.  For  his  Bote  hier  to  the  courte  the  same  daie  ; 
xvjd.  ij°  Januarie  1578.  when  I  came  to  Mr  Peeter  to 
have  receaved  the  money  But  could  nott  wthout  further 
order  from  my  Lo.  Treasorer ;  xvjd.  4  of  Januarie  1578. 
For  the  hier  of  a  horsse  ij  daies  to  the  courte  to  Furnishe 


138  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

my  L.  of  Leicesters  players  the  Frost  being  so  greate  no 
bote  could  goe  and  come  back  againe  at  xijd.  the  daie  iijs. 
iiijd.  for  his  meate  those  Two  daies  ;  ijs.  viijd.  For  holly 
and  Ivie  for  my  Lo.  of  Leicesters  servauntf  ;  xijd.  5  of 
January  for  my  bote  hier  to  and  from  Westmester  to  re- 
ceave  the  money ;  xijd.  The  Sixte  of  Januarie  for  Mr 
Blagraves  bote  hier  to  and  from  the  courte  being  sent 
for  by  my  Lord  Chamberlayne ;  vs.  For  boate  hier  of 
divrse  workemen  that  wente  to  conferre  wth  my  Lord 
aboute  the  maske  to  the  Courte  and  back  agayne  wth  xijd. 
bestowed  on  them  at  Mortlack  the  same  daie ;  v8.  6. 
Januarie  for  cariage  of  the  Revells  stuffe  to  the  courte 
and  back  agayne  that  served  my  L.  Chamberleynes 
players  second  plaie  ;  vij8.  7.  of  Januarie  for  the  cariage 
of  the  ij  frames  from  the  courte  to  London  in  a  carte ; 
vij3.  8.  of  Januarie  For  Mr  Blagrave  and  Mr  Buggins 
botehier  to  and  from  Whitehall  when  they  fetched  the 
cloth  of  gold  and  silkes  from  Mr  Brydemans  ;  xijd.  11. 
of  January  to  John  Garret  and  Dwaryns  Martyn  for 
carryage  of  the  Armoure  from  Greenewitch  to  S*.  Johnes 

2S.  16(1. 

to  be  guylded,  and  from  S*.  Johns  to  the  Water  side, 
And  from  thence  to  Richmond  in  iij  wherries ;  xij9.  iiijd. 
The  same  daie  iij  carres  to  carry  the  hampers  wth  can- 
dlesticks and  the  mastf  to  the  water  side  ;  ijs.  vjd.  For 
a  wherrey  to  carry  the  candlestick^  to  the  courte  ;  iiij8. 

t6o. 

The  same  daie  for  a  Bardge  to  carry  the  maskf  to  the 
courte  by  water  and  back  agayne  5  And  xijd.  to  the 
Water  men  for  expedicon ;  vhjd.  bestowed  uppon  them 
in  drinck  and  vjd.  to  carry  them  to  the  courte  from  Mort- 
lack on  mens  showlders  Because  tyme  would  not  serve  to 
go  by  water ;  xix3.  13.  of  Januarie  for  ij  wherryes  to 
carry  the  greate  cheste  and  the  two  hamps  wth  candle- 
stickf  from  the  courte  to  London ;  vs.  And  from  the 
waterside  to  Sainte  Johnes ;  viijd. ;  vs.  viijd.  The  same 
daie  For  Mr  Blagrave  his  botehier  from  the  courte  wth 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  139 

ijd.  bestowed  in  bread  and  drinck  uppon  the  Watermen  ; 

ij8.  viijd.     9.  of  Januarie  1578.  to  Willm  Lyzard  for  his 

boate  hier  to  the  courte  to  shew  certen  patterns  to  my 

L.  Chamberleyne ;  ijs.  vjd.  29  of  December  1578  for  the 

carriage  of  a  greate  chest  and  a  close  stoole  by  water  to 

the  court ;  ij8.  viijd.  cxvij8.  iiijd. 

Rychard  Morer  for  sondrey  pcells  brought  into  the   Habber- 
/v»  jQ  dashers 

office'  .  mz]  percells 

For  xij  Armyng  girdles  vj  of  gold  tyncle  and  vj  of  red 

tissue  all  wth  guylte  Buccles  and  harnesse  at  ij8.  viijd. 
the  peece ;  xxxij8. 

Feltf  to  Lyne  the  counterfeete  head  peece  in  the  Ama- 
zons maske  vj  at  vjd.  the  peece ;  iij8. 

XXXVs. 

Thomas  Wright  for  money  by  him  disbursed  Fewell. 

s.  d. 

for  a  loade  of  coales  ;  xxij 

Fagotti  ijc xj     iiij 

Billettf  one  thowsand  and  a  half    xix     iiij 

lij     viij 

Thomas  Stronge  for  money  by  him  paid  ; 

For  a  Load  of  Coales  ;     xxij 

Fagotti  ijc.; xj     iiij 

Billettf  ij  thowsand  ;  xxv     iiij 

lviij     viij 

Edmond  Byrcholl  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  Wyerdrawer 

brought  into  the  office ;  viz) . 

Stocke  candlestick  f  ij  dozen  ; iiij 

Pricke  candlestick^ ;  vj.;    xij 

Compasses  one  paire ; iiij 

Quylting  needles,  ij  ;    iiij 

Heades  for  the  Javelins,  sixe  ;    iij 

A  great  braunche  for  lights  ; xl 

Fyne  wyer  one  pound  ; xij 

Greate  wier  xij  poundf ; x 

Plate  one  dozen  j iiij 


140  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

..8:.       d- 
Lanthornes  ij  ; iiij 

Wyer  vj  yardc  ;   vj 

In  the  whole ;  lxviij8.  ijd.  whereout  abate  vj8.  viijd. 

by  the  Mr  and  Clerk  comptroller  for  excessive  prices,  and 

so  remayneth ;  lxj8.  vjd. 

Rewardes  John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  as  fol- 

loweth ;  viS . 

To  Mr  Nichasius  for  the  prive  seale  and  the  signet  for 
the  Re  veils  money ;  xs. 

To  Harris  a  grome  of  the  chamber  for  bringing  a  Lre 
to  the  Mr  the  31  of  December  1578  ;  ij8. 

To  Mr  Peter  for  making  the  orders  for  my  Treasorer 
should  signe  for  the  paym*  of  the  Revells  money ;        xs. 

To  Mr  Stonely  for  paym*  of  34411.  9s.  x8. 

To  his  men  for  their  paine  for  paym*  ij8.  vjd. 

To  the  Keep  of  the  gardeyne  at  Whitehall  when  the 
Mr  viewed  the  stuffe  to  serve  this  torne  for  his  attend- 
aunce  at  sondrey  tymes  ;  xijd. 

To  the  Porter  of  Thexchequor  at  the  receipte  of  the 
money ;  xijd. 

To  Willm  Bowles  man  for  going  on  Errand^  at  the 
Mr  his  comaundem* ;  xijd. 

To  the  Painters  to  buy  victualls  for  that  they  should 
not  go  from  their  work  \  xijd. 

To  Patruchius  Ubaldinas  by  the  comaundm*  of  the 
Lord  Chamberleyne  for  the  translating  of  certen  speaches 
into  Italian  to  be  used  in  the  maske  the  making  the 
tables  for  them  the  writing  faire  in  the  same  Tables  and 
for  his  chardges  in  travelling  about  the  same ;    xlij8.  ijd. 

iiij11.  viijd. 

Thomas  Blagrave  esquier  for  mony  by  him  disbursed ; 
videlt, 

The  xixth  of  December  to  ...  .  Harris  groome  of 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  141 

the  chamber  comyng  from  Richmond  to  Bedwin  by  the 
Lo.  Chamberleyne  his  comaundemt  iij8.  iiijd. 

To  the  proptie  makers  working  on  the  head  peecf,  for 
the  Amasons  torche  Bearers  to  send  for  victuals  because 
they  should  not  goe  from  their  woorke ;  ij8. 

To  the  painters  at  Willam  Lyzardf  working  on  the 
murryons  headf  to  send  for  victualls  for  that  they  should 
not  goe  from  their  worke ;  ij8. 

To  Mr  Skynnr  my  L.  Treasorers  clerk  for  newe  making 
the  orders  sent  by  Mr  Peeter  and  his  furtheraunce 
therin ;  xs. 

To  Pawle  Sytolons  his  mayde  ;  vjd. 

xvij8.  xd. 

The  Clerk  for  his  ordynary  grene  cloth  pap  Incke, 
counters,  deskes,  standishes  and  tooles  for  the  making 
compiling  and  conserving  of  the  Billes,  plottf,  patornes, 
and  modells  for  and  concernyng  this  office  ;     lxvj8.  viijd. 

Sma  totlis  of  the  emptions  p  visions  cariagf  Reward  £ 
Tx.  besides  the  wag£  aforesaid;  c.xlvij11.  vjs.  ijd* 

Sma  totlis  of  all  the  emptions  pvisions  cariagf  Re- 
ward^ together  wth  the  wages  and  attendauncf  of  worke- 
men  and  Attendauntf  wrought  and  attended  wthin  the 
tyme  aforesaid.  cc.xliiij11.  vij3.  iiijd. 

E.  Tyllney  T.  Blagrave. 

Edward  Buggyn. 
Walter  Fysshe. 

The  totall  some  of  the  whole  booke,  viz),  from  the 
xiijth  of  Februarie  1577.  A°  RRnfe  Elizabeth  xx°  untill 
the'xiiijth  of  Januarie.  1578.  A°  RRn*  Elizabeth  pred 

1578. 


142 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Ayringes 
from  the  14 
of  Feb.  1577 
untill  the  20 
ofDec.1578. 

Christmas 
Newyeres 
tide  twelf 
tide  and  the 
son  day  after 
when  the 
inaskes  were 
shewen. 

Candlemas 
Shrovetyde 
Anno  Regni 
Reginse  Eli- 
zabethe 
xxjmo  1578. 


J  Artificers ;  ix11.  iiij8. 

nil 


Wages  of  Xofficerg.   X1J 

EmptionSj  and  pvisions ;    lviij8.  viijd. 


J 


xxmj11.  ijs.  vnjc 


Wages  J  Artificers ;    liij11.  xviij8.  vjd. 

of  I     Officers  ;  xix11. 

i  cc  xx^   mi3  vmd« 
Emptions  pvisions  Rewardf  cariage ; 

Tx.  J 

Sa  ccxliiij11.  vij3.  iiijd. 

The  chardges  of  those  tymes ;  vid2 .  Betwene  the 
first  of  February  1578.  Anno  Regni  Reginse  Elizabeth 
pred  xxj°.  At  wch  tyme  the  workf  beganne  for  the 
pviding,  apting,  Sparing  furnishing  and  setting  furth  of 
divlseplaies  comodies  or  shewes  of  histories  and  Inven- 
tions and  devises  incident.  And  the  vjth  of  Marche, 
1578.  Anno  Regni  Regine  pred  xxj°.  At  wch  tyme  the 
workf  and  attendauncf  did  end.  Together  wth  all  the 
emptions,  pvisions  of  stufFe  and  necessaries  cariagf  and 
other  incident  £  bought,  pvided  done  and  attended  by 
divrse  psons  whose  sevrall  names  ratf  and  wages  wtb  their 
Reward^  and  allowauncf  do  pticulerly  in  their  apt  placf 
ensue. 


Histories 
and  Inven- 
cons  pre- 
pared for 
and  fur- 
nisshed 
shewen  and 
to  be  shewen 
wthin  the 
tyme  afore- 
said iiij  viz. 


The  history  of  ..  provided  to  have  ben  shewen 

at  Whitehall  on  candlemas  daie  at  nighte  by  the  Earle  of 
Warwick  £  servauntf  furnished  in  this  office  wth  son  drey 
garment^  and  prop  ties.  Being  in  redines  at  ye  place  to 
have  enacted  the  same.  But  the  Quenes  Matie  wold  not 
come  to  heare  the  same  and  therefore  put  of. 

The  history  of  the  Knight  in  the  Burnyng  Rock  showen 
at  Whitehall  on  shrovesondaie  at  night  enacted  by  the 
Earle  of  Warwick^  srvaunt£ ,  furnished  in  this  office  wth 
sondrey  garmentes  and  ppties.  p 

The  history  of  Loyaltie  and  bewtie  shewen  at  White- 
hall on  Shrove  Monday  at  night  enacted  by  the  children 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  143 

of  the  Quenes  mates  chappell  furnished  in  this  office  wth 
verie  manie  Riche  garmentes  and  proxies  aptly  fitted  for 
the  same. 

The  history  of  murderous  Michael  shewen  at  Whitehall 
on  Shrovetuesdaie  at  night  enacted  by  the  L.  Chamber- 
leynes  srvaunt£,  furnished  in  this  office  wth  sondrey 
things 

Taylors  and  others  working  and  attending  the  prmisss 
the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie,  and  as  much  the  night,  the 
reste  at  xijd.  ixu.  xijd. 

Paynters  and  others  working  and  attending  uppon 
the  prmisses  the  day  and  night  at  sondrey  ratf  ; 

iiijB.  vij8. 

The  Porter  John  Dawncey  %  Attendauntf  at,  xijd.  the 
daie ;  xlvs. 

Wyerdrawers  at  sondrey  ratf  ;  xxviij8.  iiijd. 

Proptymakers,  one  at  ijs.  g  diem,  the  rest  at  xvjd.  the 
daie ;  xlviij8. 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daie,  asmouch  the  night ;    xl8. 

Joyners  at  sondrey  ratf  ;  xlv8.  viijd. 

dayes.  nights.  s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij3.  the  daie  12  6  ...  lxxij   Thofficers 

The  Clerk  com ptrollo1' at  ij8.    ...  12  6  ...  xxxvj 

The  Clerk  at  ij8 12  6  ...  xxxvj 

The  Yoman,  at  ij8 18  6  ...  xxxvj 


IX 


Sma  of  all  the  wagf  due  wthin  this  office  aswell  for 
workemenship  %  attendauncf  done  in  and  upon  thaffaires 
therof  for  Candlemas  and  shrovetyde  ending  the  Sixte  of 
March  1578  in  the  xxjth  yere  of  her  Mate8  Raigne. 


xxxij11.  xv 


144 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Eruptions  Provisions   and  cariages  wth  Reward^  and 
other  chardgf  incident, 


The  Lynen 
Draper. 


Mres  Dane  for  canvas  by  her  dehVed  into  this  office  at 
sondrey  Lymes ;  viz),  the  xxvjth  of  February,  1578.  one 
peece  of  canvas  cont.  xxxix  ells,  at  xiiijd.  the  ell ;  xlvs. 
vjd.  And  the  second  of  Marche  1578.  one  peece  of  can- 
vas cont.  xxxix  ells  at  xiiijd.  the  ell ;  xlvs.  vjd.  the 
whole  amounting  unto  lxxviij  ells  ;  iiij11.  xjs. 


Upholsters 
percells. 


Chaundlers 
percells. 


Carpenters 
percells 


for  one  peece   of  yealowe   Buckeram  ;   vjs. 

white  Buckram,  ij  yardf  di.  iijs.  iiijd.  Black  buckram 
iiij  yardf  ;  v8.  iiijd.  in  all.  xiiij8.  viijd. 

Barnard  Fabyan  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought 
into  the  office ;  via . 

s.  d. 

Greate  cord,  vj  peecf  ;   v  iiij 

Cotten  candles  at  iiijd.  the  li.  iiij  dozen  ;  xvj 

Glewe  one  pownd  ;  iiij 

Lynckf  at  iiijd.  the  peece,  xiiij  ;    iiij  viij 

Pack  thred,  iij  li ;  iij 

Seering  candles  one  pound  ;  xij 

Small  cord  v  peecf  ;   ij  vj 

Staffe  bromes  iij  ;   vj 

xxxiij8.  iiijd. 

John  Rose  senyor  for  certeyne  pcells  by  him  bestowed 
in  and  about  a  rock  at  the  Courte  for  a  plaie  enacted  by 
the  Earle  of  Warwick^  servauntf ;  vizi . 

Longe  sparre  poles  of  Furre ;  vj8.  xd.  ) 

peecf  of  Elme  cutt  compasse  ;        iiij8.       ) 


Rowland  Robynson  for  sondrey  things  by  him  brought 
into  the  office ;  viz) . 

Oken  bord  three  hundred;  xxj8.  Elme  bourd  xxj 
foote  ;  xviijd.     Furre  poles  xxj  wherof  xiiij  for  altering 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  145 

the  lightes  on  Shrovetuesdaie  and  the  rest  for  the  frames ; 
xs.  vjd.  single  quarters  x  %  for  cariage  of  them  and  the 
rest  to  the  court ;  iijs.  ;  in  all  xxxvj8. 

Gybsonne  for  certeyn  gcells  by  him  bestowed 

about  the  rock  at  the  court  for  a  play  enacted  by  the 
Earle  of  Warwickf  srvantf  ;         viz! . 

Dobble  quarters,  iiij  ;  ijs.  single  quarters  ij ;  vjd. 
deale  bourdf  xxxij  ;  xxxij8.  Elme  bordf,  153.  foote, 
xij8. ;  in  all ;  xlvj8.  vjd. 

iiij11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 

Ulryck  Netsley  for  certeyne  pcells  by  him  wrought  Iron- 

and  dely vered  into  the  office  ;  viz) .  mongers  or 

Smythes 
For  an  Iron  for  the  wagon  that  srved  in  the  plaie  of  percells 

Loyaltie  and  bewtie  ;  ij8.  vjd.     and  for  mending  a  scall- 

ing  ladder  that  srved  at  the  Rock  ;  viijd.   In  all ;    iij8.  ijd. 

Rychard  Warby  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought 
into  the  office  ;  viz]. 

Doble  xd.  nayles  to  alter  the  lights  in  the  hall  on 
shrovetuesdaie  and  to  have  lightes  in  the  prsence  and  for 
setting  upp  of  the  frames  425.  vij8.  jd.  Single  xd.  nayles 
for  the  same  cause  iiijc ;  iijs.  iiijd.  vjd.  nayles  for  the 
same  cause  vc ;  ijs.  vjd.  iijd.  nayles  one  c.  ;  iijd.  In 
all;  xiij8.  ijd. 

George  Joyner  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  boughte  and 

brought  into  the  office  to  be  spente  about  the  rock,  vizi . 

Dobble  xd.  nayles  425.;  vij8.  jd.     single  xd.  nayles 

xd.  xijd. 

800.  vj8.  viijd.  Two  penny  nayles  500.  %  iijd.  nayles 
400.,  for  the  same  cause  and  for  the  wagon  of  Loyaltie 
and  bewtie ;  iij8.  ijd.  vjd.  nayles,  400. ;  ij8.  Sparres 
viij,  iiij8.    hoopes  and  packthread  ;  xiiijd.     In  all ; 

xxiiij8.  jd. 


146 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Fewell 


John  Rose  senior  for  nayles  of  sondry  sortf  used 
about  the  Clowde  and  drawing  it  upp  and  downe  ; 

vjs.  viijd. 
xlvij3.  jd. 

Thomas  Stronge  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  for  a 
Load  of  Coales  ;  xxijs.  vjd. 

John  Davyes  for  money  by  him  disbursed ;  via. 

For  coales  at  the  Courte  to  drie  the  Painters  worke  on 
the  Rock  ;  vjd. 

xxiijs. 

Necessaries        Thomas  Wright  for  sondrey  things  by  him  pvided  and 
brought  into  the  office  ;  viz] . 

Paste  bordf  iiij  dozen ;  xij3.     Tape  iju.  quarter  di.  ; 


Xj3 

rid 


ijd.  Thred  of  sondrey  Cullors  iju.  iij  alters  di. ;  xjs. 
vju.  Browne  thread  ju.  Quarter ;  iijs.  iiijd.  Ivie  ij  bun- 
dles; ijs.  A  painted  cheste  for  my  Lo.  Chambrlayns 
men  ;  xvjd.     for  the  hier  of  foure  feathers  ij3.     In  all ; 

xliijs.  iiijd. 

John  Rose  senio*  for  mony  by  him  disbursed  ;  viz! . 

For  lead  for  the  chaire  of  the  burnyng  Knight ;  ijs. 
vjd.  Candlestick^  to  wTork  by  at  the  court,  ij3.  for  a 
coard  T:  pullies  to  drawe  upp  the  clowde  ;  iij3.     in  all ; 

vij8.  vjd. 


John  Davyes  for  certeyne  things  by  him  pvided  and 
brought  into  the  office ;  vizi . 

Ivie  and  holly  for  the  Rock  in  the  play  enacted  by  the 
Earle  of  Warwick^  srvauntf  ;  iiij8.  ijd.  Aquavite  to 
burne  in  the  same  Rock  ;  iij3.  Rosewater  to  alay  the 
smell  therof ;  xijd.  Glasses  to  carry  the  same  and  other 
for  the  use  therof;  xijd.  thred  expended  at  the  courte  ; 
ijd.     Bladders,  jd.     and  Beares  feete  ;  xviijd.         xs.  xjd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  147 

John  Drawater  for  sondry  thing f  by  him  provided 
and  brought  into  the  office ;  vizi . 

Gloves  for  the  children  of  the  chappell  xviijteu  paire ; 
xs.    A  garland  of  grapes  and  leaves  for  Baccus  and  other 

of  roses  for used  in  the  play  of  Loyaltie  and  Bewtie ; 

ijs.  iiijd.  for  ij11.  of  Sises  to  have  served  in  the  play  that 
should  have  ben  showed  on  Candlemas  daie  at  night ;  ij8. 
iiijd.  for  the  hire  of  iij  vizars  that  should  have  served 
that  night;  xviijd.  For  a  hoope  and  blewe  Lynnen 
cloth  to  mend  the  clowde  that  was  Borrowed  and  cut  to 
serve  the  rock  in  the  plaie  of  the  burnyng  Knight  and 
for  the  hire  therof  and  setting  upp  the  same  where  it 
was  borowed  ;  xs.  iiij11.  vij8.  xjd. 

Willyam  Lyzard  for  cullors  and  other  necessaries  by  Paynters 
him  pvided  and  brought  into  the  office ;  viz! .  percells 

Three  masking  coat£  made  of  doble  pap  three  hattf 
covered  wth  the  same  iij  broomes  painted  v  staves  and  a 
Quinten  painted  wth  a  fooles  head ;  xxs. 

For  Fyne  Cullers  gold  and  silvr  for  patorns  for  the 
mores  maske  that  should  have  served  on  Shrovetuesday, 

iiij8. 

Syse  xiiij  gallons  ;  xiiij8. 

Copper  culler  for  the  Lightf  in  the  hall ;         iij8.  iiijd. 

Masticott,  ju. ;  iij8. 

Browne,  ju. :  xviijd. 

Blewe  di.u. ;  iiij8. 

Verte,  iiij11.  xvj8. 

Smalt  iiij11. ;  xvj8. 

White  lu. ;  xvij8.  vjd. 

Assidewe,  vu. ;  xvj8.  viijd. 

Red  ij11.  xvjd.     Sape,  di.11.  xxd. ;  iij8. 

Black,  v11. :  v8.  glewe  iju.  viijd. ;  v8.  viijd. 

xijd. 

Trashe  nayle,  xiiijd.  Pottf,  vjd.  the  botehyer  at  son- 
drey  tymes;  ij8.  viijd. 

l2 


148  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

In  all;  vjH.  vij8.  iiijd.  Wherof  the  Mr  and  clerk 
comptroller  have  abated  for  excessive  pricf .  xijs.  And 
so  resteth  ;  c.xv8.  iiijd. 

Wyer-  Edmond  Burcholl  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  provided 

drawers  and  br        ht  into  the  office     vig 

percells  to 

Doble  xd.  nayles  to  strayne  wyers,  c  xiiijd. 

Packnedles  vj.  iijd.    pullies,  ij.;  viijd. ;  xjd. 

Fyne  Wyer  ju. ;  xiiijd.  great  wyer ;  xxij11. ;  xxij8. 

xxiij8.  ijd. 

Small  braunches,  iij  ;  newe;  xxxij8. 

Newe  mending  of  xiiij  old  braunches  of  the  same  ; 

ixs.  iiijd. 

For  iij  great  braunches ;  vj11. 

For  his  going  by  water,  iiij  tymes ;  xvjd- 

In  all ;  ix11.  vijs.  xjd.  wherof  abated  by  the  Mr  and 

clerk  comptroller  xvj8.  viijd.  T:  so  resteth ;   viij11.  xjs.  iijd. 

Botehier  and       John  Davyes  for  money  by  him  disbursed  ;  viz). 

cariage  by  Boatehier  to  the  courte  the  xxvijth  of  February  1578 

water  and  .  ,  .     .  .  ..... 

Land  and        to  sett  UPP  the  candelstickf  5  nijd. 

Rewardes.  Cariage  of  the  rock  from  Bridewell  to  the  court  the 

first  of  March,  1578  xiiijd.  his  owne  botehier  agayne ;  iijd. 

xxjd. 
George  Joynr  for  money  by  him  disbursed ;  vizi , 
For  his  botehier  from  Southwark  to  the  courte  and 

8d.  lOd.  J2d. 

back  agayne  ;  on  sonday,  Monday  and  tuesday  the  first 
of  March,  1578 ;  ij*.  vjd. 

John  Rose  senio1"  for  money  by  him  disbursed;  vizi, 
For  his  botehier  to  the  Courte  to  take  measure  of  the 
bignes  of  the  Rock,  and  back  agayne  and  after  into 
London  for  provision  of  stufFe ;  xxd. 

Thomas  Stronge  for  money  by  him  disbursed,  viS, 
For  botehier  for  the  Mr  to  and  from  the  courte  the 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  149 

23rd  of  February  1578.  being  sent  for  by  Mr  Threasorer, 
viijd.  For  botehier  for  the  Mr  to  the  court  and  back 
agayne  the  25  and  26  of  February  1578  being  sent  for 
by  the  Lo.  Chamberleyne  about  patornes  of  maske, 
xviijd.  For  the  Mr  his  botehier  to  and  from  the  courte 
the  firste,  second,  third,  and  Fourth  of  March,  iiij8. 
From  the  courte  to  Leicester  howse  to  speake  with  my 
L.  Chambrleyn ;  viijd.  geven  to  the  Porters  for  Late 
comyng  owte  at  the  Water  gate  the  said  First,  second, 
and  third  of  Marche ;  ij8.     In  all ;  viij3.  xd. 

John  Drawater  for  mony  by  him  disbursed ;  vi3 , 
For  his  botehier  to  and  from  the  courte  sondrey  tymes 
at  the  making  readie  and  setting  upp  the  frames,  Rockf , 
and  lightes  in  the  hall  against  Shrovesondaie,  and  to  and 
from  the  court,  the  first,  second,  third  and  fowrth  of 
March,  1578.  for  the  safe  bestowing  of  the  furnyture  in 
the  hall  for  the  players  their  enacted ;  vs.  vjd. — geven 
to  the  Porter  for  late  comyng  owte  the  gate,  xijd. — to 
the  painters  on  Shrove  tuesdaie  to  send  for  victualls,  be- 
cause they  should  not  go  from  their  work;  vjd.  For 
caryage  a  hamp  wth  stuffe  to  she  we  my  Lo.  Chamberleyne 
to  the  courte,  and  back  agayne  ;  xviijd.  For  cariage  of 
two  Frames  to  the  courte  the  28  of  February,  1578.  xxd. 
For  cariage  of  them  and  the  rock  from  the  court  in  two 
Carres  ;  iij3.  viijd.  To  Roger  Atkinson  for  carying  Stuffe 
at  two  sevrall  tymes  that  served  the  children  of  the 
Quenes  chappell  and  my  Lo.  Chamberleynes  men  to  the 
court  and  back  agayne  ;  iiij8.     In  all ;  xvij8.  iiijd. 

Edmond  Tyllney  Esquier  Mr  of  the  said  office  having  Howse  rent 
by  graunte  from  her  Matie  by  her  Lres  patent^  dated  the 

a of  Julie  in  the  xxjth  yeare  of  her  Mates  Raigne  the 

office  of  the  mastership  of  the  said  office,  and  a  mansion 
howse  wth  thapfmance .     The  same  office  being  specially 


150  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

appointed  continued  and  used  wthin  the  howsing  and 
pcincte  of  St.  Johnes  where  all  the  store  and  furniture 
of  the  said  office  have  bene  and  is  kept  and  remaynyng. 
The  howsing  and  romes  there  appteynyng  to  him  being 
Imploied  that  he  cannot  yet  convenyently  have  the  same, 
But  is  driven  to  hire  an  other.  He  is  to  be  allowed  for  the 
rent  wherof  from  Christmas,  1578.  A°  21°  RRegine  pred 
untill  mydsomr  1579  A°  R.Rne  $d  21°  by  the  space  of 
one  half  yeare  after  [the  rate]  of  xiiju.  yj8.  viijd.  p  annu ; 

xju.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

Item  for  money  disbursed  and  to  be  disbursed  aswell 
about  the  ehardg£  for  making  the  account  £  to  the  Au- 
ditor  of  themprestf  and  declaracon  of  the  same  befor  my 
Lo'  Treasorer  and  Sr  Walter  Myldmey.  As  also  for 
the  chardg£  in  suying  furthe  the  Quenes  warrante  the 
privie  seale  order  for  the  money  and  receipt  of  the  same  ; 

viij11. 

Sma  of  all  the  Emptions  provisions  cariagf  reward^ 
and  other  necessaries  besides  the  wagf  aforesaid  for  Can- 
dlemas  and  Shrovetyde,  Anno  RRnas  Elizabeth  pred, 
xxjm0.  R  ijs.  iiijd. 

Sma  totlis  of  the  whole  boke  ;  viz!  from  the  xiiijth  of 
February  1577.  Anno  regni  Regine  Elizab.  xx°.  At 
wch  tyme  the  boke  of  the  Laste  yeare  ended  untill  the 
vjtb  of  March,  1578.  Annoq,  RRnffi  Elizabeth  pred  xxjmo ; 

ccc.xxvij11.  vs.  ijd. 
Ed.  Tyllney.         Edward  Buggyn.         T.  Blagrave. 

Walter  Fysshe. 

The  Totall  Sma  of  the  whole  booke;  vizi,  from  the 
xiiijth  of  February,  1577,  Anno  RRn£B  Elizabeth  xxmo 
untill  the  xjth  of  Marche,  1578.  Anno  RRne  Elizabeth 
pred,  xxjm0. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT. 


Wages  f  Artificers ;     ix11.  iiij8.  ^ 

of  I  Officers ;       xii11. 


Emptions  and  provisions ; 

lviij8.  viijd.  J 

Wages  f  Artificers ;  liij11.  xviij8.  vjd. 
of  I  Officers ;     xix11. 

Emptions  T;  pvisions ; 

cxliiij11.  vjs.  ijd.  „ 

Wages  f  Artificers ; . . .    xxiiju.  xv8. 1 
oft  Officers; ix11. 


XX111J 


151 


Ayringes 
from  the 
..        ....     14th  of  Feb., 

y8-  Viijd.    1577  untill 
the  xxth  of 
Dec.  then 
next. 


Christmas 
Newyeres- 

tide  twelf- 

ccxx".    liij8.  vnjd.   tide  and  the 
sonday  after 
when  the 
maskes  were 
shewen. 


I      XX 


Candlemas 


Emptions  and  provisions  ;  f  iiij  iju.  xvij8.   iiijd.  ^eShr°Ve" 


lu.  ij8.  iiijd. 


ccc.xxvij11.  v8.  ijd. 


Betwene  the  vjth  of  Marche,  1578,  A0  xxjmo  RRne  Eli- 
zabethe,  and  the  Firste  of  November  1579-  A°  xxjm0 
RRnae  Eli2 .  being  viij  monethes.  The  chardges  of  this 
office  grewe  by  meanes  of  Ayringf,  Repairing,  Laying 
abroad,  Turnyng,  tackyng  sowing  brushing  rubbing 
spunging  folding  laying  upp  and  safe  bestowing  of  the 
garment^,  vestures,  apparell,  disguysing^,  propties  and 
furnyture  of  the  same  from  tyme  to  tyme  wthin  those 
monethes  as  the  necessitie  therof  required  to  keepe  the 
same  in  redines  for  service,  wch  ells  wold  decay  and  be 
Rotten  by  meanes  of  the  Danknes  of  the  howse  and  want 
of  convenient  presses  and  plac£  requisite  to  bestowe  the 
same  in  the  pties  names  who  attended  the  office  for  the 
same  purpose  hereafter  Ensueth,  viz! . 

Taylors  and  others  working  and  attending  the  pmisses 
at  thofficers  comaundem*  the  first  at  xxd.  the  day,  the 
rest  at  xijd.  as  in  formr  JJcedentf  ;  vij11.  xiij8.  iiijd. 


152  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

dayes  li.      s. 

Thofficers       The  Mr  at  iiij8.  the  day ;   20  iiij 

The  clerk  comptroller,  at  ijs.  the  daie ;  20  xl 

The  Clark  at  ij3.  the  day; 20  xl 

The  yeoman  at  ijs.  the  day ; 20  xl 

x 
Fewell  and         Henry  Dyson,  For  sondrey  Fewell  and  other  neces- 
other  neces-  garies  by  him  bought  and  brought  into  the  office  and 
used  at  sondrey  tymes  in  the  said  Ayringf  wthin  the 
tyme  aforeseid ;  viz!, 

Coles  xxx  sackf  ;  xxvs.  Billettf  one  M. ;  xiijs.  iiijd. 
Fagotf  one  hundred;  vs.  iiijd.  Browne  thread  di11. ;  xiiijd. 
White  thred,  j11. ;  ijs.  xd.  Black  thread  ju. ;  ijs.  iiijd.  cul- 
lered  thred,  iij  q/rtr  li.  ijs.  viijd.  Tape  j11.  iijs.  viijd. 
Brushes  iiij  ;  viijs.  Rubbing  brushes  iij ;  xd.  White 
brushes  Longe  and  shorte  for  cobwebbes,  iiij  ;  ijs. 

lxvij3.  ijd. 

Sma  tolis  of  all  the  whole  Ayringf  wthin  the  tyme 

aforesaid ;  xxjli«  vjd. 

Sma  tolis  of  the  whole  booke,  vi3,  from  the  xiiijth  of 
February  1577.  A°  q>  RRne  Eliz!  xx°  (At  wch  tyme  the 
booke  of  the  Last  yeare  ended)  untill  the  First  of 
November,  1579.  Annoc^  RRne  Elizabeth,  pred  xxjmo 

ccc.xlviij11   vs  viijd. 
Ed.  Tyllney.  T.  Blagrave. 

Edward  Buggyn.  Walter  Fysshe. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  153 


[BOOK   VIL] 

Revelles,  1580.  Anno  R.Rue  Elizabeth  xxijd0  The 
Lydgeard  or  Pertyculer  Booke  of  the  Chardges  rysinge 
and  growinge  wthin  the  saide  Offyce  Betwene  the  Firste 
of  November  1579.  A°  xxj°  RRne  pred  T;  the  Firste  of 
November  1580.  Anno  xxijdo  RRne  pred  wthin  wch 
tyme  there  were  workes  done  1  Attendauncf  geven  as 
followeth;  videlt. 

The  Chardges  of  theis  tymes ;  viz,  From  the  firste  Christmas 

daie  of  November,  1579.  Anno  xxj°  RRne  Elizabeth  (at  Twelytyde 

J  v       Candlemas 

whiche  tyme  the  Booke  for  the  last  yeare  ended)  The  and  Shrove- 

begynnynge  was  of  makinge  choise  of  sondrye  playes  tyde  and 

makinge 
comodies  and  inventions  at  divrs  and  sondrye  tymes  for  choyse  of 

the  tyme  aforesaid,  untill  the  xixth  daie  of  December  playes 
then  next  followinge  at  whiche  tymes  the  workes  began 
aswell  for  furnyshinge  %  setting  forthe  of  sondrye  of  the 
said  playes  comodies  and  Inventions.  As  also  in  Emp- 
tions  and  provisions  made,  togeather  wth  the  Workes 
done  and  Attendauncf  geven  by  divrs  Artyficers  worke- 
men  and  Attendant^  workinge  and  attendinge  the  same 
at  sondry  tymes  from  the  said  xixth  of  December,  untill 
the  xxth  of  February  1579.  Anno  xxij0  RRne  pred.  At 
whiche  tymes  the  workes  and  Attendant^  for  those 
tymes  did  end  for  the  newe  makinge,  translatinge,  Re- 
pairinge,  fyttinge  furnyshinge,  settinge  forth  of  son- 
drye payntinges  howses,  vestures,  garment^  utencells 
and  propties  incydent  and  requysite  for  the  showe  of  the 
said  playes  comodies  pastymes  Inventions  and  devises 
prepared  made  sett  forthe  and  shewen  before  her  Matie 


154     EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

for  her  Regall  disporte  and  pastyme  wthin  the  tyme 
aforesaid.  The  whole  chardges  wherof  togeather  wth 
the  pties  names  to  whome  and  wherefore  the  same  is  due 
hereafter  ensueth, 

A  History  of  the  Duke  of  Millayn  and  the  Marques  of 
Mantua  shewed  at  Whitehall  on  S*.  Stephens  daie  at 
nighte  enacted  by  the  Lord  Chamberlaynes  srvant£  wholie 
furnyshed  in  this  offyce  some  newe  made  and  moche 
altered  whereon  was  Imployed  for  iiijor  newe  head  attyers 
with  traynes  Scarfes,  garters  and  other  Attyers,  xiij 
ells  of  Sarcenett  a  Cowntrie  howse  a  Cyttye  and  vij 
paire  of  gloves. 

A  history  of  Alucius  shewed  at  Whitehall  on 

S*.  Johns  daie  at  nighte  enacted  by  the  Children  of  her 
Maties  Chappell,  wholly  furnyshed  in  this  offyce  with 
many  garment^  newe  made,  manye  altered  and  trans- 
lated wheron  was  Imployed  for  head  Attyers  sleeves, 
Canyons  Cases  for  hoase  Skarfes  garters  and  other  re- 
pacons  tenne  Ells  of  Sarcenett,  A.  Cittie,  a  Battlement, 
and  xviij  paire  of  gloves. 

A  Historye  of provided  to  have  bene  shewen 

at  Whitehall  on  Innocent^  daie  at  nighte  by  the  Earle 
of  Leicesters  srvant£  being  in  Readynes  in  the  place  to 
have  enacted  the  same,  whollye  furnyshed  wth  sondrye 
thinges  in  this  offyce.  But  the  Queenes  Matie  could 
not  come  forth  to  heare  the  same,  therefore  put  of. 

A  History  of  the  foure  sonnes  of  Fabyous  shewed  at 
Whithall  on  Newe  yeares  daie  at  nighte,  enacted  by  the 
Earle  of  Warwick^  srvants  wholie  furnyshed  in  this  of- 
fyce wth  garment^  some  newe  some  altered  and  repaired, 
whereon  was  Imployed  for  new  lynynge,   translatinge, 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  155 

and  alteringe  of  the  Senators  gownes,  iij  head  Attyres 

wth  traynes  for  womens  skarfes  and  girdles  xiij  ells  of 

Sarcenett,  a  Cytie,  a  Mounte  1  vj  paire  of  gloves.  Histories 

and  Inven- 
tions shewen 
The  History  of  Cipio  African  shewen  at  Whitehall  the  wthjn  t^e 

sondaye  night  after  newe  yeares  daie,  enacted  by  the  tvnie  afore- 

said  *  viz  ix 
Children  of  Pawles  furnyshed  in  this  Offyce  wth  sondrey 

garment^  and  triumphant  ensignes  T;  bannrs  newe  made 

and  their  head  peecf  of  white  sarcenett,  scarfes  and 

garters  whereon  was  ymployed ells  of  Sarcenett,  a 

Citie  a  Battlem*  and  xviijne  pay  re  of  gloves. 

The  History  of  shewen  at  Whitehall  on 

Twelvedaye  at  nighte  by  the  Earle  of  Leicesters  servantf 
furnished  in  this  offyce  wth  many  garment^ ,  utensells, 
and  pronties,  some  made  newe  some  translated  and  made 
fitt,  whereon  was  ymployed  for  head   Attyers,   scarfes 

and  garters ells  of  Sarcenett,  A  Citie  a  Countrye 

house  and  vij  paire  of  gloves. 

The  history  of  Portio  and  Demorantes  shewen  at 
Whitehall  on  Candlemas  daie  at  nighte  enacted  by  the 
Lord  Chambleynes  servant£  wholly  furnyshed  in  this 
offyce,  whereon  was  ymployed  for  scarfes  garters,  head 
Attyers  for  women  %  Lynynges  for  hattf  vj  ells  of  Sarce- 
nett, a  cytie,  a  towne,  and  vj  payre  of  gloves. 

The  History  of  the  Soldan  and  the  Duke  of  

shewen  at  Whitehall  on  Shrovesondaye  at  nighte, 
enacted  by  the  Earle  of  Derby  his  servant£  wholly  fur- 
nyshed in   this  offyce  whereon  was  ymployed  for  two 

Robes  of  blacke  sarcenett,  head  attyers  and  scarfes 

ells  of  Sarcenett,  a  citie,  and  xij  payre  of  gloves. 

The  History  of  Serpedon  shewen  ajt  Whitehall  on 


156  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Shrovetwesdaye  at  nighte  enacted  by  the  Lord  Cham- 
bleyns  servant£  wholly  furnyshed  in  this  office  wheron 
was  ymployed  for  head  attyers  for  women  and  Scarfes 
xj  ells  of  Sarcenett,  a  greate  Citie,  a  wood,  a  castell  and 
vj  payre  of  gloves. 

Taylors  and  other  Attendant^  workinge  and  attend- 
inge  the  prmiss  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  asmoche 
the  night  and  the  rest  at  xijd. 

Payntrs  the  first  at  ijs.  the  daie  asmoche  the  nighte, 
the  second  at  xxd.  the  rest  xviijd.  the  daye  T;  asmuch  the 
nighte. 

Wyerdrawers  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daye  and  as  moche 
the  nighte,  the  rest  at  xvjd. 

Carpentrs  at  xvjd.  the  daye  and  asmoche  the  nighte, 
The  Porter  at  xijd.  the  daye  and  asmoche  the  nighte. 

daves,  nights.  li. 

Toftycersthe  The  Master;  39  ...  21   xij 

first  at  iiijs.     The  Clarke  comptroller  ;  39  ...  21   vj 

the  daie,  and  The  Clarke  .  39   ...   21    vj 

asmoche  the  ' 

nighte,  the  The  Yeoman ;    39  ...  21   vj 

rest  at  ijs. 

asmoche  the        Suma  of  all  the  wages  due  within  this  offyce  for  work- 

nighte  manshipp  and  attendauncf  in  the  same  within  the  tyme 

aforesaid  ;  c.viij".  xvj8.  xd. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
Walter  Fysshe. 

Emptions  %  provisions. 
John  digges  for  sondrye  thinges  by  him  bought  pro- 
vided and  brought  into  the  said  offyce  ;      vi3. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  157 

White  sarcenet  xxvj  ells,  at  vjs.  the  elle  ;      viju.  xvjs. 

Canvas  fower  peecf  contayninge  in  the  whole  elles 

142.  at  xijd.  the  ell ;  vij11.  ijs. 

Paste  hordes  one  dosen  ;  iiij3. 

A  standishe  brought  into  the  store  howse  of  the  office  ; 

ij8.  iiijd. 

Firre  poles  vj  ;  iijs. 

Coales  one  loade ;  xxvj8. 

Faggottf  one  hundred  ;  viij8.   Mercers  and 

i8s.  28.  Lynen  dra- 

Billettf  one  thowsand  and  the  Carryage  thereof-      p(;rs  percens 

XXs,    and  other 

Carryage  of  stuffe  to  the  Court  at  sondry  tymes  ;    ijs.  necessaryes- 

Hoopes  to  make  a  Mounte  ;  iijs. 

^20(1. 

Nailes  of  sondry  sortes,  ix  hundred,  and  4  pillers ; 

ixs.  ixd. 
Bote  hier  to  and  from  the  Court  at  sondry  tymes  ; 


ijs.  iiijd. 

Coullers  used  at ; 

xijd. 

Ropes  three  Bundells ; 

vj8. 

Holly,  Ivy,  and  Baies  • 

xxd. 

Russett  Jeyne  Fustian,  xviij  yard^ ; 

xviij8. 

XX11.  Vs.  jd. 

Barnard  Fabyan  for  sondrie  pcells  by 

him 

broughte 

into  the  offyce ; 

vizi, 

Cotton  Candells  at  iiijd.  the  li.  vj  dosen. 

,  dij 

xxvj8. 

Packthread  iiij11.  at  xijd.  the  li. 

iiij8. 

Chaundelors 

Glewj11.; 

vjd. 

per  cells 

Searinge  candell  iju.  di. ; 

ij8.  vjd. 

Great  cord  v  peece  at  xvjd.  the  peece  ; 

vj8.  viijd. 

Small  cord  at  vjd.  the  peece  vij  peec£  ; 

iij8.  vjd. 

Lynckf  vj  ; 

ij8- 

xlv8.  ijd. 

Thomas   Wright  for  sondry  thinges  by  him  bought  Necessaries 
provided  *\  brought  into  the  office ;  viz! , 


158  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Fyne  collored  thread  at  iiijs.  the  pound  iiju.  iij  quarters ; 

XVs. 

Past  bordf  of  sondry  sortf,  ij  dosen  di. :  ix8. 

Fyne  white  thread  at  vj3.  the  pound,  iij  quarters  of  a 
pound ;  iiijs.  vjd. 

Browne  threade,  at  ijs.  viijde  the  pound  one  pound  and 
one  Quarter  ;  iij3.  iiijd. 

Tape  of  sondry  cullors  and  prizes  three  pounds  ; 

xij3.  xd. 

Gloves  at  vij3.  the  dozen  vij  dozen,  di.  ;  Iij3.  vjd. 

Tainter  Hookes  at  viijd.  the  c.  ijc. ;  xvjd. 

Nayles  at  iiijd.  the  c.  cc. ;  viijd« 

Carryage  and  recaryage  to  and  from  the  courte, 
sortf  of  stuffe  and  garmtes  at  sondry  tymes  ;      xvij3.  vjd. 

Baskettf  ij  ;  xijd.     glasse  Bottells,  ij  ;  xd.  xxijd. 

Silke  one  ounce  ;  ij3. 

Mendinge  a  locke  for  the  store  howse  dore  ;  xvjd« 

Pynduste  one  pound  ;  xijd. 

le  pounde 

Black  thread  of  sondry  sortf  iij  quarters ;  ij3.  jd. 

Hoppes  one  pound ;  xijd. 

Bromes  Rubbing  Brushe ;  vd. 

Milke  and  Butter  ;  vjd. 

vj11.  vj3.  xd. 

John  Sherborne  for  sondrye  thinges  by  him  boughte 
provided,  used,  expended,  T:  brought  into  the  Masters 
Lodginge  for  the  rehearsall  of  sondrie  playes  to  make 
choise  of  divrs  of  them  for  her  Matie.  vizi  ; 

Cotton  candells  at  sondry  pric£  xv  dozen ;  iijH.  js.  iijd. 

Plates  for  to  hange  upon  Walles  to  sett  v  Candles, 
in  vij  ;  vj8. 

Torches  ij°  dozen  at  xiiij8.  the  dozen  ;  xxviij8. 

Billettf  iiij  thowsand  at  xvjd.  the  thowsand;       lxiiij8. 

Coales  ij  loades  at  xxvj3.  the  Loade  ;  Iij8. 

V  8.  Vj  d.  X  8.  ij  *. 

Rushes,  yncke,  and  paper  ij°  Lockf,  and  the  amend- 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  159 

vjd.  vjd.  18d.  l«d. 

inge  of  one  Locke,  Hookes,  nayles,  iiijor  Wheeles,  and 

12d.  yj  8. 

Flowers,  paterns  for  head  attyers ;  xxviij8.  iiijd. 

Lawne  Ruffes  for  head  attyres,  vj  5  vjs. 

xiju.  vs.  vijd. 

Edmonde  Tylney  esquier  Mr  of  the  said  OfFyce  for 
dyver  provisions  by  him  made  and  his  chardges  in  the 
service  of  the  said  OfFyce  at  sondrye  tymes  ;  vizi . 

For  his  Attendaunce,  botehyer  and  other  chardges  to 
and  from  the  Court  at  Greene wiche  by  the  space  of  ij 
monethes  and  more  by  Comaundem*  for  settinge  downe 
of  dy verse  devises  to  Receave  the  Freenche  ;  cs. 

For  his  botehier  and  other  Chardgf  to  and  from  thence 
about  the  declaracon  of  the  laste  yeares  accompte  to  my 
Lord  Treasorer  and  my  Lord  Chamberleyne ;  xxxs. 

For  his  Chardges  wth  the  Chardges  of  the  players,  the 
Carriage  and  recariage  of  their  stuffe,  for  examynynge 
and  Rehersinge  of  dyvrs  plaies  and  Choise  makinge  of 
x  of  them  to  be  showen  before  her  Matie  at  Christmas, 
twelfetide,  Candlemas  and  Shrovetyde,  and  their  sondry 
rehersalls  afterward^  till  to  be  prsented  before  her  Matie ; 

x11. 

To  one  Porter  and  iij  other  Attendtes  at  severall  tymes 
after  the  rate  of  xijd.  a  pece  A  day  for  their  attendaunce 
and  service  at  the  rehersalls,  and  Choise  makinge  of  the 
said  x  plaies ;  xu. 

For  v  yardf  of  greene  clothe  at  viij8.  the  yarde,  and 
for  a  deske  ;  xlix*. 

For  his  Attendaunce  at  the  Court  xij  weekes  after 
Ashewedensday  to  sue  out  the  warrant  and  for  horse  hier 
and  Ridinge  Chardges  dyvrrse  tymes  to  Nonesuche  to 
Satisfie  her  Matie,  my  Lo.  Treasorer,  and  my  Lo.  Cham- 
berleyne in  matters  concernynge  the  offyce ;  cs. 

xxxiij".  xix". 

Willrn  Barker  for  sondry  thingf  by  him  provided  and 
browght  into  this  offyce  to  be  used  at  shrovetyde :  viS. 


160  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

vs.  iiijd.         #  ^  ijs. 

Rafters,  iiijor  Firre  poles,  iiij  Bordf  one 

vij  ti.  8.  d. 

hundreth; xiiij    iiij 

Doble  Quarters  fower; ij 

xx  d. 

Doble  xd.  nayles  one  hundred,  single,  xd. 

xx  d. 

nayles  ij  hondread;  six  peny  nayles  three 

viijd.  ij  d. 

hundread,  two  peny  nayles  one  hundred;  v 

For  Carriage  of  the  things  abovesaid  to  the 

Court;  xvj 

xxij  viij 
John  Davyes  for  sondry  things  by  him  provided  and 
used  in  the  said  office ;  viz! , 

viijd.  iijd.  li.  s.       d. 

For  Ivy,  nayles,  Collored  thred  and  tape 
vjd. ;  Browne  thred  Caryage  of  Stuffe 

ijd. 

into  the  Mra  Chamber ;    ij    vij 

For  Carryage  of  a  Load  of  tymber  from  the 
Court  to  S*  Johns  bote  hier  for  the 
straunger  that  Brought  Cawles ; xvj 

nJ     XJ 
Edmonde  Bircholl  for  sondry  thingf  by  him  bought 

provided  and  browght  into  the  offyce;  vizi, 

Hande  Candelstyckes,  iiij  dozen  ;    viij 

Stocke     Candelstickf,     one     dozen,     for 

.ijs.  vjd.  # 

painters,  vj  bodkins ;    ij     vj 

Plate  Candelstickf  one  dozen;    ij 

vjd.  ijs. 

Dowtf  for  Candells,  vj  snuffers  vj  paire ;  ij     vj 

vj s.  viijd.  vd. 

Lantornes  vj,  one  paile,  hookes  and  eyes 

xx  d. 

onethowsand; xiij     ix 

xijd.  iiij  s. 

A  hollowTe  knife  of  plate,  headf  of  wier,  iiij ;  v 

xijd.  ^  ^  vjd. 

Bowles  for  a  speare,  iiijor  white  wandes, 

xiiij  d. 

Soder  two  pound ;    .t.  ij  viij 

Botehier  to  the  Court  wth  the  stuffetwise  ;  viij 

xxxijs.  iiijd.  ijd.  viijd. 

Wier  xxxij".     A  Pole,  Rosin,  Bayes;    ...        xxxiij      ij 
Lightes  of  Plate  in  Braunches,  xxiiij.    ...  vj 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  161 

xijd.  xd-  ijd.  li.  s.       d. 

White  Plates  iij,  nayles,  quiltinge  needles ;  ij 

viijd.  iij  s 

Rubbinge  Brushes  ij,  Heath  Brushe  one ;  iij  viij 

Lights  of  Plate  in  Braunches  more,  ij° ;  x 

Red  Incke  and  a  Bottell ;     v 

x       vj    iiij 
John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  for  sondry 
things ;  vizi , 

vs. 

Nayles  at  vjd.  the  hundred,  iiijc  doble  xd.  nayles,  iijc 

xx  d.  viij  (1. 

single  xd.  nayles,  cc,  fower  peny  nayles  ijc  iijd.  nailes  iijd. ; 

vijs. 

jc  bordes  jc ;  xvjs.  vijd. 

Furre  poles  to  make  Rayles  for  the  battlemtes  and  to 
make  the  prison  for  my  L.  of  Warwick^  men  at  vjd.  the 
peece,  v8. ;  single  Quarters  to  enlardge  the  ScafFolde  in 
the  hall  one  Twelfenight,  vjs. ;  xviij  doble  quarters  for 
the  same  Cause;  ij.  xijd. ;  vijs.  vjd. 

For  a  Reame  of  pap  to  make  Counterfeit  flowers 
patterns  and  otherwise  used  in  the  Offyce  for  foldinge  of 
sondry  things  ;  vjs.  viijd. 

For  his  bote  hier  to  and  from  the  Court  at  sondry 
tymes  during  Christmas,  Twelfetyde,  Candellmas,  and 
Shrove  and  many  tymes  in  the  night  after  the  plaies 
were  ended ;  vj8.  viijd. 

xxxvij8.  vd. 

The  Clerke  for  his  Ordynarye  Greenecloth,  pap,  incke, 
Quilles,  waxe  Counters,  Deskes,  Standishes,  and  tooles, 
for  the  makynge  compiling,  and  conservinge  of  the 
Bookes,  bylles,  plotf ,  paternes,  and  models  1c  for  and 
concernynge  this  OfFyce ;  lxvj8.  viijd. 

Thomas  Skynnr  for  sondry  parcells  by  him  dehVed 
into  the  offyce ;  vizi , 

Chaungeable  sarsenett  at  vj8.  viijd.  the  ell  xxxj  ells ; 

x11.  vj8.  viijd. 

If 


162  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

White  sarsenett  at  vj9.  viijd.  the  ell,  iij  elles  di ; 

xxiij8.  iiijd. 

Yelowe  sarsenett  at  vjs.  viijd.  the  ell,  j   ell,  and  a 

quarter ;  viij8.  iiijd. 

Blacke  sarsenett,  at  vjs.  viijd.  the  ell,  vj  ells ;  xls, 

Greene  sarcenett,  at  vjs.  viijd.  the  ell,  iij  ells ;        xxs. 

xiiij11.  xviijs.  iiijd. 
Willm  Lyzarde  for   sondry  thingf  by  him  browght 
into  the  offyce 

Syse,  cullers,  pottes,  nayles  and  pensills  used  and  occu- 
pyed  upon  the  payntinge  of  vij  Cities,  one  villadge  one 
Countrey  howse,  one  battlement,  iiij  axes,  a  Braunche, 
lillyes  and  a  mount  for  Christmas  iij  Holidaies ; 

iiij11.  xvs.  viijd. 

Syse,  cullers,  pottf,  Assy de we,  golde,  and  silver  used 
and  occupied  for  the  Garnyshinge  of  xiiij  titles  iiij 
facynges  of  sarsenett  powdered  with  Ermyns  A  Backe  of 
Armo1'  a  paier  of  wyngC,  a  banner  a  pendaunt,  and  foure 
guilte  balls  againste  newyeares  day  the  sonday  after 
Twelfeday  and  Candelmas ;  lija.  iiijd. 

Syse,  cullers,  Assidew  and  other  necessaries  used  and 
occupied  about  the  Furnyshinge  and  garnyshinge  of 
three  greate  braunches  of  Leights  in  the  hall,  fower  and 
Twenty  small  braunches  all  twise  garnyshed  for  Twelfe- 
tyde  and  Shrovetyde  ;  Iiij8.  iiijd. 

x11.  xvjd. 

Edwarde  Buggyn  gent,  for  money  by  him  disbursed 
for  standyshe,  pap,  wax,  Quilles  Bookes  Counters  bote- 
hier  and  in  Reward  £  at  sondry  tymes  duringe  the 
workes ;  xxs. 

Sma  of  the  Emptions  provisions  and  Carryages,  T;c ; 

c.xvij11.  xviij8.  iiijd. 

Sma  total  of  all  the  Emptions,  provisions,  carryages 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  163 

and  reward^  wth  the  wages  %  attendant^  wthin  the  tyme 
aforesaid ;  cc.xxvj11.  xvs.  ijd. 

Walter  Fysshe.  Ed.  Tyllney. 

Edward  Buggy  n. 

Betwene  the  twentith  of  February,  1579.  Anno 
Regni  Regine  Elizabeth  xxijdo  at  wch  tyme  the  workes 
for  the  tymes  aforesaid  did  end.  And  the  first  of  October 
1580,  Anno  Regni  Regine  Elizabeth  j}d.  The  Chardges 
of  this  offyce  grewe  at  sondry  tymes  by  meanes  of 
Ayringe  repayringe,  amendinge,  Brushinge,  spungeinge, 
Rubbynge,  wypinge,  swepinge,  Cleane  puttinge  in  order 
foldinge,  layinge  upp,  and  safe  bestowinge  of  the  gar- 
mentf  vestures  apparell,  dysguisinges,  propties,  furniture 
of  the  same  from  tyme  to  tyme  wthin  the  tyme  aforesaid, 
as  the  necessitie  thereof  at  sondry  tymes  required  to  kepe 
the  same  in  redynes  for  service,  wch  ells  wolde  be  mowldy 
musty,  mothe  eaten  and  rotten  by  meanes  of  the  danck- 
ness  of  the  howse  and  wante  of  Convenient  presses  % 
places  requier,  togeathe  wth  the  oldnes  of  the  stuffe  and 
store  within  the  saide  offyice.  The  nties  who  comonly 
attend  att  the  said  office  for  the  purpose  wth  theier  seve- 
rall  names  allowed  for  this  tyme,  togeather  wth  suche 
Emptions  %  necessaries  as  was  expended  at  and  aboute 
the  same  pticulerlie  hereafter  ensueth ; 

Taylors  and  others  workinge  and  attendinge  the 
pmysses  the  first  at  xxd.  the  daye,  the  rest  at  xijd. ; 

vij11.  xiijs.  iiijd. 

dayes  li.       s. 

The  Mr  at  iiij*.  the  day;   20  iiij        Qffycers 

The  Clerke  comptroller  at  ijs.  the  day ;  20  xl 

The  Clerke  at  ijs.  the  day;    20  xl 

The  Yeoman  at  ij3.  the  day ;     20  xl 

x 

M  2 


164  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Fewell  and  John  Lucas  for  fewell  and  other  necessaries  by  him 

other  neces-  bought  and  browghte  into  the  offyce  T:  used  at  sondry 

'   k  tymes  in  the  said  Ayringes  T:c  wthin  the  tyrae  aforesaid ; 

viz), 
Coales  twenty  sackf,  xxs. ;  Byllettf  one  thowsand ; 
xvjs.  8d.  Faggottf  one  hundreth;  vs.  viijd.  Browne 
thredd  di11. ;  xvjd.  White  thred  three  quarters  of  a 
lb ;  ijs. ;  Blacke  thred  a  lb  ;  ijs.  iiijd. ;  Thred  of  sondry 
Collors  three  quarters  of  a  lb ;  ijs.  vjd.  Tape  j  lb,  iijs. 
iiijd.  Brushes  iij ;  vj8.  Rubbinge  Brushes,  iij ;  xd. 
White  Brushes  longe  and  shorte  for  Cobwebbes,  iiij  ;  ijs. 
in  all ;  lxijs.  viijd. 

Edmond  Tilney  Esquier,  for  money  by  him  dysbursed 
and  to  be  disbursed  aswell  about  the  Charges  for  ma- 
kynge  the  accomptf  to  the  Auditor  of  themprest  and 
declaracon  of  the  same  before  my  Lo.  Treasourer  and  Sr 
Walter  Myldmay,  As  also  for  the  Chardges  in  suynge 
on  the  Quenes  Warraunte  the  privy  seale  order  for  the 
payment  of  the  money  and  receipte  of  the  same ;     viiju. 

Sma  total  of  the  Chardges  last  aforesaid; 

xxviij11.  xvjs. 

n     .  Layinge  abroade,  turnynge,  mending,  brushing,  spung- 

1580  A0  inge>  Rubbinge  and  puttinge  in  order  and  redynes  of  the 

xxij  J  Regm   Maskf  vestures,  players  garmtes,  propties  stuffe,  store 

^efa  and  ymplementf  of  this  offyce  for  the  shewe  thereof  to 

T:  before  Thomas  Sackford  Esquier  Mr  of  the  Request^ 

and   Sir   Owen   Hopton    Knight   liefe   Tenante   of  her 

Maties  Tower  of  London  especially  appointed  and  auc- 

thorised  to  viewe  and  devide  the  store  theire  Remayn- 

ynge  with  the  waitinge,  workynge  and  attendaunce  of 

the  offycers  of  the  same  office  and  others  workinge,  fra- 

mynge,   Compillinge  and  declarynge  the  state  ymple- 

mentf  and  remayne  untill  the  full  puse  and  determy- 


London, 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  165 

nacon  of  the  same,  by  vertue  of  a  warrante  under  six  of 
the  Counsells  handf  beneath  menconed.  The  Chardges 
from  the  said  first  of  October  untill  the  first  of  Novem- 
ber Anno  jJd.  as  here  under  the  psons  names  wth  their 
sevlall  duetyes  and  wherfore  pticularly  ensueth,  vzl . 

After  or  harty,  Comendacons ;  Whereas  the  Queenes  To  or  lo- 
hath  lately  by  her  Ires  Paten tf  bestowed  the  Office  of  the  ^in&?     Mr 
Mr  of  the  Revells  theis  are  to  signify  unto  you  her  high-  Seckford  Mr 
nes  pleasure  is  That  you  doe  Repaire  unto  the  said  Office  °f tlie  Re/ 
T:  theire  to  take  a  view  and  puse  the  stuffe  which  re-  Owyn  Hop- 
mayneth  theire  in  what  estate  it  is  in  and  so  takinge  suf-  ton  Knight 
ficient  Inventory  of  suche  of  the  same  stuffe  as  shalbe  her  jyjatieS 
found  remayninge,  making  a  dyvision  in  the  same  In-  Tower  of 
ventory  of  suche  of  the  same  stuffe  as  shall  seeme  service- 
able from  the  rest  not  serviceable  and  deliver  the  same 
by  Indenture  to  Edmond  Tylney  nowe  M1'  of  the  saide 
Offyce.    And  so  fare  you  well,  from  the  Cote  at  Oteland 
this  eighte  day  of  Awgust. 

Thomas  Bromley  Cane,     Willm  Burleighe.     Thomas 
Sussex.  R.  Leicester,    Fra  Walsingfom,  John  Wylson. 

Taylors  T:  others  workinge  and  attendinge  the  f!mysses 
the  first  at  xxd.  the  daye,  the  rest  at  xijd. ; 


dayes 

TheMr • 5   Thoffycers 

The  Clerk  Comptroller ;   5  x  the  Firste  at 

T^  Clerk;    5  x  gflj, 

The  yeoman;     5   x  rest  at  ijs. 

Sma  of  the  wages  ; 

John  Digges  for  Fewel  and  sondrye  other  necessaryes  Emotions 

by  him  bought  brought  and  used  in  thoffyce  for  the  tyme  and  Pro- 

rt  .o  visions 

T:  purpose;  viz), 


iij*. 

xiijs.  iiijd. 

1 

i.          s.          d. 

XX 

X 

X 

X 

% 

X 

CXV11J    111J 

166 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Rushes;  v9.  Coales  xxx  sackes;  xxvj8.  viijd.  Bil- 
lettf  one  thowsand  ;  xvj3.  Lockf  and  keyes  of  Ulricke, 
Netsey  for  the  store  howse,  Chesty  and  presses  and  for 
hinges  and  staples  for  the  same  Chestf  T:  pressf  for  the 
safe  kepinge  and  bestowinge  of  the  stuffe  menconed 
in  the  Inventoryes;  xxxiij3.  iiijd.  Paper  pchement, 
Counters,  Standishe  pyndust,  pens,  quylls  wax  T:  toles 
for  makinge  compilinge  T:  examynynge  the  same  Inven- 
toryes ;  xiij3.  iiijd.  Thred  Tape  bodkyns  brushes  T; 
Rubbers,  for  settinge  thinges  in  Readynes  for  the  tyme 
and  purpose  aforesaid;  xvjs.  xd.  in  all;  v11.  xij8. 

For  the  Ingrossinge  of  three  paire  of  Indented  In- 
ventories ;  xls. 


Chrystmas 
Candlemas 
and  Shrove- 
tyde 


Eyringes 
from  the 
xxth  of  Feb., 
1579.  untill 
the  firste  of 
Oct.,  1580. 

The 

Chardges  of 
the  Survey 


Sma  Total  of  the  Chardges  aforesaid ;     xiij11.  xs.  iiijd. 

The  Totall  of  this  booke ;  vi3 ,  from  the  first  daye  of 
November,  1579.  Anno  xxj  RRne  Elizabeth,  untill  the 
first  of  Novemb  1580.     Anno  xxijdo  RRne  pred, 

cc.lxix11.  j8.  vjd. 


Wages  of -] 


Artyficers;  lxxviij11.  vj3.       ^ 
Offyeers ;  xxx11.        xd. 


Emptions  T:  provisions; 

cxvij11.  xviijs.  iiijd.  J 
Wages  f  Artyfycers ;    vij11.  xiij8.  iiijd.  ] 
of  1  Offyeers;  x15. 

Emptions  and  provi 
sions  with  the  Chardges 
of  the  Accompte ; 


\-  ccxxvj     xv     ij 


,  j-xj11.  ij8.  viijd.J 


^xxviij    xvj 


Wages  of{  Art?ficers;  lxviiJs-  iiijd-  ) 
I  Offyeers ;  Is.  I 

Emptions  ^provisions;  vju.Xjs.iiijd.  J 


xnj      ix  viij 


eclxix11.  xd. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 
Edward  Buggy n. 
Walter  Fysshe. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  167 


[BOOK  VIIL] 


Revellf.  1580.   Annoq,  Regni  Regine  Elizabeth,  xxiij°. 

Attendaunce  geven  and  worke  done  betwene  the  firste  Christmas 

of  November,  1580.  Anno  regni  Regine  Elizabethe,  xxij0.  £we^tlde 

and  the  laste  of  October  1581.  Anno  regni  Regine  Eliza-   and  Shrove- 

bethe  pred  xxiij0.     By  meanes  of  choise  making  reform-  tide  twoe 

yng  and  attending  of  suche  plaies  comodies  and  inven-  an(j  t^e 

cons  as  were  presented  and  set  furth  before  her  Matie  at  choise  ma- 

the  tymes  aforesaid.     The  whole  chardges  wherof  aswell     inS  ° 

J  t  °  playes.    An- 

for  wages  as  for  wares  Journing  chardges  and  expencf  no  regni  Re- 
therunto  belonging  hereafter  gticulerly  ensueth.  Sme  Eliza- 

U\-/LHt*  X..A.11 1    9 

1580. 
A.  Comodie  called  delighte,  shewed  at  Whitehall  on  The  Earle  of 
S*.  Stephens  daie  at  night  wheron  was  ymploied  newe,  Leicesters 
one  cittie,  one  battlement  and  xij  paire  of  gloves, 

A  Storie  of enacted  on  S*.  Johns  daie  at  night  The  Earle  of 

wheron  was  Imploied  newe  one  howse,  one  battlement  oussex  men 
and  thirtene  paire  of  gloves. 

A  Storie  of  shewed  at  Whitehall  on  Newe  The  Earl  of 

yeres  daye  at  nyght  wheron  was  ymployed  newe  one  -Derhies  men 
cittie,  one  battlement  and  xiij  paire  of  gloves. 

A  storie  of  Pompey,  enacted  in  the  hall  on  twelfnighte  The  children 
whereon  was  ymploied  newe,  one  great  citty,  a  senate  of  Pawles 


168  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

howse,  and  eight  ells  of  dobble  sarcenet  for  curtens,  and 
xviij  paire  of  gloves. 

A.chal-  A  challendge  at  the  Tilte  proclaymed  on  Twelf  nighte 

lendge.  and  performed  by  therle  of  Arundle  the  xxijth  of  January 

following  during  all  wch  tyme  the  Mr  of  the  Revells  at- 
tended for  the  prsenting  of  diverse  devises  wch  happened 
in  that  meane  season. 


The  earle  of        A  storie  of shewed  on  Candlemas  daie  at  night 

Sussex  men.    wnereon  was  ynrploied  newe,  one  cittie,  one  battlement, 

and  xij  paire  of  gloves  besides  other  furniture  out  of 

thoffice. 

The  children       A  Storie  of  ,  enacted  on  Shrovesondaie  night 

of  the  wheron  was  ymployed,  xvij  newe  sutes  of  apparell  \  ij 

TY1  t<S  ch*  D.     new  nat^  °f  ve^vet  j   xxtie   Ells  of  single  sarcenet  for 
pell.  facing^,  bandf  scarfes  and  girdles,  one  citty,  one  pallace, 

and  xviij  paire  of  gloves. 

The  Earle  of       A  Storie  of shewed  on  Shrovetuesdaie  at  night 

Leicesters       in  the  hall  wheron  was  ymploied  one  great  citty  and  xij 
men.  .        c    , 

paire  ol  gloves. 

Wages. 
The  Yeoman,  Porter  T;  certen  taylors  for  worke  doing ; 

xiiij11.  xvjs. 

The  Maister  The  maister  of  the  Revells  aswell  for  his  attendaunce 

one  porter  at  the  tymes  aforesaid,  as  also  for  the  choise  making  of 

servitors  playes  at  iiijs.  the  daie  from  All  Hollan  Eve  untill  Ash- 

for  Atten-  wednesdaie ;                                                                    xxij11. 

dauntes 

geven  in  the  John  Hilton  during  the  said  tyme  at  xijd.  the  day ;  c.xs. 

John  Sherborne  at  xijd  the  daie ; c.xs. 

Robert  Reaklidge,  at  xijd.  the  daie  ; c.xs. 

Thomas  Rewklidge,  at  xijd.  the  daie  ;  c.xs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT. 


169 


Edmond  Burchall  and  his  ij  men,  himself  at  xxd.  the  Wier 
daie  asmuch  the  night  and  his  men  at  xvjd.  the  day  a  J?™^e^  JJS 
peece  ;  vj  daies  and  viij  nightes : 


iij11.  viijd» 


Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  day  and  as  much  the  night ; 


iiij11.  xvs. 


firste  at  xx" 
the  day  and 
the  reste  at 
xvjd. 


Suma  of  all  the  wages  due  wthin  this  office  for  worke 
manship  and  Attendaunce  at  the  tymes  aforesaid ; 

lxvu.  xvijs.  iiijd. 
Ed.  Tyllney. 
Walter  fysshe. 


li. 


IX 


Emptions  and  Provisions 

Willia  Lizard,  paynting  by  greate  of  vj 

small  citties  %  three  battlementf  ;    ... 
Paynting  by  great  of  twoe  great  clothes, 

at  iij11.  xs.  the  peece  ; vij 

Sylvering  of  one  Heraultf  coate  ; 

Painting  and  working  the  braunches  in 

the  hall  by  greate;  

Painting  of  ix  titles  wth  coptmentf ;     ... 

xx 

Candelstickf  iiij  dozen:    

Stock  candelstickf,  ij  dozen ;    

Wyer  greate  and  small ;    

Lanterns,  iij  ; 

Small  lightes  of  plate  in  braunches,  xxvj 

at  vs.  the  peece  5     vj 

One  great  newe  lighte; 

For  mending  the  old  great  lightes; .. 

Pulleys;      

Ropes  sixe  great  and  other  small  cord  ; 
For  mending  agayne  the  iij  greate  lightes 
and  vj  small; , 


lv 


XV 


Vll 


XXXV 
V 


X 

xl 
xij 


Paynters 
percells 


X1J 


Wier- 
drawers  and 
Ironmongers 
percells 


170  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.  s.        d.# 

Bodkyns;    xij 

Small  lightes  three  for  them  wch  were 

stollen  at  twelftide ;   xv 

An  Iron  cradle  to  [make  fire  in  for  the 

players; xx 

Onelocke; xij 

Nayles  and  hookes  of  all  sortf ;     

Arsedewe  xiju.  at  iiijs.  the  pound ;    


Mercers 
percells 


xvn 


Tho  Skiner,  Orendge  taffeta  sarcenet  at 
xs.  the  ell,  viij  ells  ;   

Single  sarcenet  of  divrse  cullors  at  vj8. 
viijd.  the  ell  ;  xx  ells  ;   v 

Buckeram  red  at  xijd.  the  yard,  xxjtle 
yardf;    , 


xx 

xlviij 

y 


Haber- 
dashers per- 
cells 


Carpenters 
percells 


XJ 


Twoe  broad  copher  bondf  for  hatf  at  iijs 

iiijd.  the  peece  ;     

Fethers  ij ,  at  vs.  the  peece  ;     

The  making  of  ij  velvet  hatf  ; 


Xllj   uij 

xxj 
xiiij  iiij 


viy 


Lightes 


vj 

x 

vj 

xxij    viij 

xlij 

xij 

x 

viij 

vij 

iij 

John  Sherbourne  for  divrse  thinges  by  him  brought 
and  provided  for  the  office,  used  and  expended  aswell  for 
the  rehersalls  of  playes  as  at  the  courte,  in  the  hall  and 
other  placf  ;  vizj . 

Gotten  candle  at  sondrey  pricf,  xvj  dozen  ;  lxv8.  iiijd. 

Torches,  iij  dozen  at  xiiij8.  the  dozen ;  xlij8. 

Linckf  ij  dozen  at  iiij8.  the  dozen  ;  viij8. 


Bordes  vjc  at  vij8.  the  hundred;, 

Rafters;    , 

Firre  polles ; 

Dobble  quarters ; 

Single  quarters  ;  , 

Cariage ;  


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  171 

Billettf ,  iiij  thowsand  at  xvj8.  the  thousand ;      lxiiij3.   Fewell 
Coles  iiij  load  at  xxvj9.  the  load ;  vli.  iiij8. 

Fagottf  twoe  hundred  at  vjs.  the  hundred;  xij8. 

Rushes  ;  viij8.    Pastebordes  ;  xij8.    Glewe  ;  ijs.    Tape  3   Necessaries 
x8.     Thred  of  divrse  cullors  and  prices ;  xxv8.     Bote- 
hier  ;  v8.    cariage  and  Recariage  of  stufFe,  xv8.    and  for 
a  close  stoole ;  x8.  iiij11.  vij8. 

Edmond  Tylney  esquiere  Mr  of  the  said  office  for 
divrse  thinges  and  provisions  by  him  made  and  his 
chardges  in  the  service  of  the  said  office  at  sondrey 
tymes ;  viz! . 

Jho  Digges,  Canvas  c.xl  ells  at  xijd.  the  ell ;  viju.  Canvas 

Gloves  viij  dozen  at  vij8.  the  dozen  ;  lvj8.   Gloves 

Two  yard£  of  velvet  dying  ;  v8. 

Botehier  at  sondrey  tymes  ;  xxvj8. 

For   his   ordinarie  grene  cloth,  standishe   Inck  and  Ordinary 
paper;  iij11.   allowances 

For  his  attendaunce  and  chardges  at  the  courte  after 
Ashewednesdaie,  vij  weekf  to  sue  out  her  Mates  war- 
ranto ;  vj11. 

For  the  examynyng,  compiling  and  twice  writing  of 
this  booke  ;  iiiu.  xxiij11.  vij8. 

Sma  of  the  emptions  provisions  %  cariagf ; 

iiij  xvij11.  x8.  iiijd. 

Suma  totlis  of  all  the  emptions  provisions  and  cariages 
wth  the  wages  and  Attendauntf  wthin  the  tyme  afore- 
said. c.lxij11.  xix8.  iiijd. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 

Walter  Fysshe. 

Attendaunce  geven  and  worke  done  betwixt  the  xviijth 


172  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

daie  of  Marche  and  the  firste  of  Aprill  Anno  pred  at  the 
Comaundement  of  the  Lord  Chamberleyne  for  setting 
downe  of  paterns  for  maskes  and  making  up  of  some  of 
the  same  for  the  Receaving  of  the  French  Comissioners 
wth  the  provision  of  certeyne  stuffe  prop  ties  and  making 
of  modells  for  a  mownte  and  for  the  edifying  of  a  greate 
pte  of  the  saide  Mounte.  The  pticularities  wherof, 
hereafter  ensue th  ;  viz). 

Tailors  and  other  attendauntf  the  firste  at  xxd.  the 
daie  the  reste  at  xijd. 

Sma  viijn.    vs.  iiijd. 


Painter  Willm  Lizard  at  ijs.  the  day ;  xxiiij 


daies  s. 

The  Officers^  The  Maister ;  12  xlviij 

nT»fitheeat     Theclerkcomptroller; 12  xxiiij 

reste  at  ijs.      The  Clerke  ; 12  xxiiij 

The  Yeoman  ; 12  xxiiij 

Sma  vj11. 

Tymberlent.  John  Rose  for  the  tymber  and  workmanship  of  a 
Mounte,  to  take  it  agayne  into  his  owne  handf  because 
it  was  not  used ;  xlvjs.  viij(i. 

John  Bowles  for  copper  lace  frindge  tassells  and  but- 
tons delivred  into  the  officf  for  the  workes  wch  should 
have  ben  done  for  paterns  ;  x11.  xs. 

Wilim  Lyzard  for  cullors  gold  and  silvr  for  painting 
of  paterns  and  such  like  ;  xxxvj8. 

Edward  Buggen  clerk  comptroller  of  the  said  office 
for  certen  paterns  of  maskes  brought  into  the  office  ;    xi*. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  173 

John  Sherborne  for  ij  loadf  of  billetf;  xxvij8.    threed 
vs.    tape,  v8.    paper  for  paterns ;  ij8.  xxxix8. 

Edmond  Tyllney  esquier  Mr  of  the  Revells  for  his 
chardges  and  certen  provision;  vi3. 

For  his  attendaunce  at  the  proclaymyng  of  the  chal- 
lendge  and  the  ij  daies  of  the  triumphe  himself  and  his 
men ;  xxiiij8. 

For  botehier  for  himself  and  his  men  at  divrse  tymes 
during  the  laste  workf  of  the  Revells  unto  the  Lord 
Chamberleyne  and  the  Lord  of  Leicester  for  showing  of 
paterns ;  x8. 

For  a  head  attire  for  a  woman,  of  Lawne  florished  wth 
gold  and  silver  wth  longe  pendente  ;  xx8. 

For  a  paire  of  winges  of  Estrichfeathers  to  have  ben 

used  in  the  maske  ;  xxx8. 

Suma  xxxviij11.  xv8. 

Ayreinges. 
Betwene  the  firste  of  Aprill,  1581.  Anno  regni  Re- 
gine  Elizabethe  xxiij°  at  wch  tyme  the  workf  and  atten- 
dantf  for  the  tymes  aforesaid  did  end.  And  the  firste 
of  October  1581.  Anno  regni  Regine  Eliz.  xxiij°  the 
chardges  of  this  office  grewe  at  sondry  tymes  by  meanes 
of  ayring,  repairing,  brushing,  spunging,  rubbing, 
sweeping,  putting  in  order  laying  up,  and  safe  bestow- 
ing of  the  garment^  vestures,  disguising^  properties, 
and  furniture  of  the  same  from  tyme  to  tyme  wthin  the 
tyme  aforesaid  as  the  necessity  therof  at  sondrey  tymes 
required  to  kepe  the  same  in  redines  for  her  Mates  ser- 
vice. The  whole  chardges  wherof  aswell  for  wages  as 
for  other  necessaries  herafter  pticulerly  ensueth;  viz). 

Taylors  and  other  workmen  1  attending  the  prmisses 
one  at  xxd.  the  day  and  the  reste  at  xijd.  the  day. 

viijH.  xiij8.  iiijd. 


174 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


dayes 


Officers  The  Mr  at  iiij9.  the  day 20 

The  comptroller  at  ijs.  the  daye  ;    20 

The  clerke  at  ijs.  the  day ;  20 

The  yeoman  at  ij8.  ye  day ;  20 


u. 


Sma  x 


xl 
xl 
xl 


-p      „      ,         John    Sherbourne   for  fewell   and   other   necessaries 

other  neces-  used  at  sondrey  tymes  in  the  said  Aireing. 

sanes  Coles   xx   sackf   xx9.     Billettf   one   thousand   xvj3. 

threed  and  tape  of  all  sortf ;  vij8.    bushes  and  Rushes, 

v9.  xlviij8. 

Edmond  Tylney  esquire  for  money  by  him  disbursed 
and  to  be  disbursed  aswell  about  the  chardges  for 
making  the  accomptes  to  the  auditor  of  the  Imprest  and 
declaracon  of  the  same  before  the  Lord  Treasorer  and 
Sr  Walter  Myldmey.  And  also  for  the  chardges  of  the 
privie  seale  order  for  payment  of  the  mony,  and  receipt 

ili 


of  the  same  wth  certificate  ; 

Suma  of  the  chardges  laste  aforesaid ; 


vnj 


XXIX1 


XVJ 


id 


Christmas 
twelftide 
candlemas 
and  Shrove- 
tide wth  one 
challendge 

The 

chardges  of 
the  workes 
begonne  and 
lefte  unfy- 
nished  for 
the  receav- 
ing  of  the 
Frenche 
Comissi- 
oners. 


The  totall  of  this  booke ;  viz,  from  the  firste  of  No- 
vember, 1580.  Anno,  xxij0  Regni  Regine  Eli2.  untill 
the  firste  of  November,  1581.  Anno  xxiij0  Regni  Re- 
gine pred 

f  Artificers!:  attendant^  \  xxxviij11.    xvj9.  viijd. 


Wages  of  tofficers. 
Eruptions  T;  provisions ; 


xxvij1 


lxxxxviij11.      vj3.  iiij( 
c.lxiiij11.  xiiij8. 


f  Artificers  and  attendant^  )    ix11.    xix8.  iiijd. 


Wages  oft  0fficers. 
Emptions  T:  provisions ; 


I 


\u 


xxj1 
xxxviij1 


inj9. 
xj8.  viij£ 

XVs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  115 


{Artificers  1  attendant^     I    viiju.    xiijs.  iiijd.  Ayringes 

Officers;  J      **.  *»£** 

Aprill  1581. 

Emptions  T;  provisions  wth  the  chardges  of  the  ac-  untillthe 

compte;  A  *.  £*£>» 

xxix".  mj«.  nextfollow- 

ccc.xxxj11.  iiij3.  ing- 

Ed.  Tyllney. 

Walter  Fysshe. 


176 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK  IX.] 


Christmas 
Twelftide 
and  Shrove- 
tide and 
makeing 
choise  of 
playes.  An- 
no RRne 
Eliz.  xxvt0. 
1582. 


The  Chardges  of  those  tymes;  vi3,  Betwene  the  daie 

of  1581.   Anno  xx.  Regni  Regine  Elizabethe, 

and  the  xiiijth  of  February  1582.  Annoq,  RRne  Elizl. 
xxvto  ji(j  rjse  aswell  by  meanes  of  makeing  choise  re- 
formyng  and  attending  of  such  plaies,  Comodies,  maskf 
and  Inventions  as  were  prepared  set  furth  and  presented 
before  her  Matie  at  the  tymes  aforesaid.  As  also  of 
wages,  workemenship,  Translations,  Attendauncf,  wares 
delivered,  Jurneying  chardges  and  expencf  thereunto 
belonging.  The  pticularities  wherof  together  wth  the 
pties  names  to  whom  and  wherfore  the  same  is  due, 
hereafter  at  lardge  ensueth ;  vizj  . 

A  Comodie  or  Morrall  devised  on  a  game  of  the  Cardf 
shewed  on  S*  Stephens  daie  at  night  before  her  Matie  at 
Wyndesor  Enacted  by  the  Children  of  her  Mates  Chap- 
pie, furnished  wth  many  things  wthin  this  Office,  whereof 
some  were  translated,  and  some  newe  made,  and  Im- 
ploied  therein ;  viz,  Twoe  clothes  of  canvas  xxtie  Ells  of 
sarcenet  for  iiijor  pavilions  and  girdles  for  the  Boyes  and 
viij  paire  of  gloves. 

A  Comodie  of  Bewtie  and  huswyfery  shewed  before 
her  Matie  at  Wyndesor  on  S*  Johns  daie  at  night  enacted 
by  the  Lord  of  Hundesdons  servauntf,  for  wch  was  pre- 
pared newe  one  Cloth  and  one  Battlement  of  Canvas,  iij 
Ells  of  sarcenet  and  Eight  paire  of  gloves  wth  sondrey 
other  things  out  of  this  office. 

A  Historie  of  Loue  and  Fortune  shewed  before  her 
Matie  at  Wyndesor  on  the  sondaie  at  night  next  before 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  177 

newe  yeares  daie  Enacted  by  the  Earle  of  Derbies  ser- 
vauntf.  For  wch  newe  provision  was  made  of  one  Citty 
and  one  Battlement  of  Canvas,  iij   Ells  of  sarcenet,  a 

of  canvas,  and  viij  paire  of  gloves  wth  sondrey 

other  furniture  in  this  office. 

Sundrey  feates  of  Tumbling  and  activitie  were  shewed 
before  her  Matie  on  Newe  yeares  daie  at  night  by  the 
Lord  Straunge  his  servauntf .  For  weh  was  bought  and 
Imploied  xxjtie  yardf  of  cotten  for  the  Matachins  iij  ells 
of  sarcenet  and  viij  paire  of  gloves. 

A  Maske  of  Ladies  presented  themselves  before  her 
Matie  at  Wyndesor  at  Twelf  Eve  night  whereunto  was 
prepared  and  Imployed  (beside  the  stuff  of  this  office) 
xv  yardf  of  black  and  white  Lawne  or  Cipres  for  head 
attires  %  vizard^  xj  ells  of  Sarcenet,  viij  paire  of  gloves 
for  boyes  and  Torchbearers,  and  one  paire  of  white 
shoes. 

A  Historie  of  Ferrar  shewed  before  her  Matie  at 
Wyndesor  on  Twelfdaie  at  night  Enacted  by  the  Lord 
Chamberleynes  servaunt^  furnished  in  this  office  wth 
diverse  newe  thingf ,  as  one  Citty,  one  Battlement  of 
canvas,  iij  Ells  of  sarcenet  and  x  paire  of  gloves,  and 
sondrey  other  thingf  in  this  office  whereof  some  were 
translated  for  fitting  of  the  psons. 

A  historie  of  Telomo  shewed  before  her  Matie  at  Rich- 
mond on  Shrovesundaie  at  night,  Enacted  by  the  Earle 
of  Leicesters  servauntf,  for  wch  was  prepared  and  Im- 
ployed one  Citty  one  Battlement  of  canvas,  iij  Ells  of 
sarcenet  and  viij  paire  of  gloves.  And  furnished  wth 
sondrey  other  garment^  of  the  store  of  the  office. 

A  Historie  of  Ariodante  and  Geneuora  shewed  before 
her  Matie  on  Shrovetuesdaie  at  night  enacted  by  Mr 
Mulcasters  children.  For  wch  was  newe  prepared  and 
Imployed,  one  Citty,  one  battlem*  of  Canvas  vij  Ells  of 
sarcenet  and  ij  dozen  of  gloves.     The  whole  furniture 

N 


178  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

for  the  reste  was  of  the  store  of  this  office,  whereof  son- 
drey  garment^  for  fytting  of  the  Children  were  altered 
T;  translated. 

A  Maske  of  Sixe  Seamen  prepared  to  have  ben  shewed, 
but  not  used,  made  of  sondrey  garment^  and  store  wthin 
the  office  into  vj  Cassockf  of  Carnacon  cloth  of  silver 
garded  wth  greene  cloth  of  gold  laid  wth  copper  silvr  lace 
and  tassells  wth  hanging  sieves  of  Russet  cloth  of  silvr 
vj  paire  of  Venetians  of  Russet  gold  tyncell  wth  flowres, 
Buskins  of  crymsen  cloth  of  gold,  and  Caps  of  black 
gold  tyncell  playne  lyned  wth  white  silvr  tincell  birdf 
eyes,  and  counterfecte  pearles  upon  them.  The  Torche 
bearers  sixe.  Three  in  Cassockf  and  hanging  sleeves 
of  crymsen  damaske  garded  wth  yeallowe  damaske  and 
three  paire  of  Venetians  of  yeallowe  damaske  garded  wth 
crymsen  damaske.  And  three  Cassockf  wth  hanging 
sleeves  of  yealowe  damaske  garded  wth  crymsen  da- 
maske. And  three  paire  of  Venetians  of  crymsen  da- 
maske garded  wth  yeallowe  damaske  wearing  sleeves  for 
all  the  said  sixe  Torchebearers  of  purple  satten  striped 
wth  sjivr#  And  six  cappes  for  the  same  Torchbearers  of 
oringe  cullor  damaske  laide  wth  silvr  lace. 

Taylors  and  others  working  and  attending  the  prmisses 

the  firste  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  as  much  the  night  the 

reste  at  xijd. 

Sma  xlvijH.  xiiijs.  viijd. 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  daie  and  as  much  the  night ; 

Smaiiiju.  xviijs.  viijd. 

Propertymakers,  being  Paynters  the  firste  at  ijs.  the 
day  and  as  much  the  night  and  the  reste  at  xviijd. 

Sma  vju.  vijs.  vjd. 

Wierdrawers  the  firste  at  xxd.  the  daie  and  as  much 
the  night  the  rest  at  xvjd.  Sma  lxiij8.  iiijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  179 

The  Porter  at  xijd.  the  daie  and  asmuch  the  night,  lx8. 

The  Yeoman;     vju.  The  Officers 

TheClerke;  vj«.  *?.*£** 

9  J      nij8.  the 

The  Clerke  Comptroller;  vju.  daie  and  as 

much  the 

The  Mr  of  the  Revells  for  his  attendaunce  from  the  t^  reste  at 
laste  of  October,  1582.  untill  Ashewednesdaie,  aswell  ijs. 
for  the  choise  makeing  of  playes,  as  for  his  wages  at 
Christmas  and  Shrovetide  conteynyng  in  all  cvj  daies 
and  xvj  nightf  at  iiij8.  the  daie  and  as  much  the  night ; 

xxiiij11.  viij8. 

To  one  dore  keep  and  iij  other  Attendauntf  for  pte  of 
the  said  tyme  and  during  the  Rehersalls  at  xijd.  the 
daie ;  xiju.  xij8. 

Sma  lvH. 

William  Stone  for  sondrey  gcells  of  silke  by  him  de-  Mercers 
livled  into  the  office,  vi3, 

li. 

Orindge  cullo1"  taffeta  sarcenet  at  ix8. 

thelldi.  ell;    , 

Watchet  sarcenet  at  vj8.  viijd.  thell  xxtie 

ells;     vj 

Yeallowe  sarcenet  at  vj8.  viijd.  the  ell, 

vj  ells;    

Russet  sarcenet  at  vj8.  viijd.  the  ell,  one 

elldi; 

ix 

for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  wrought^  brought  Habdashers 

into  the  office;     viz),  percells 

li.  8.  d. 

The  makeing  of  sixe  Cappes  of  cloth 

of  gold  at  iij8.  iiijd.  the  peece ;  xx 

For  ij  yardf  of  buccram  to  stiffen  them ;  ij 

n2 


percells 

8. 

d. 

"J 

vj 

xiij 

i»j 

xl 

X 

vij 

X 

180  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

s.  d. 

For  sixe  white  feathers  at  ijs.  vjd.  ye 

pece;  xv 

For  an  ell  and  qjtr  of  white  sarcenet  for 

to  lyne  them  at  vjs.  thell ; vij     vj 

xliiij     vj 

Wyer-  Edmond  Byrcholl  for  sondrey  ncells  by  him  provided 

drawers  ^    n.  s.        a. 

percells  wrought  and  brought  into  the  office;  viz!, 

Hand  Candlestick^,  viij xvj 

Fyne  wier  one  pound ;    xij 

For  fowre  small  pulleyes  ; viij 

For  whip  lyne;   iij 

For  three  greate  pulleyes; ix 

For  sixe  bodkins  ;  vj 

For  mending  of  a  small  braunch  at  S* 

Johns;     ...  vj 

For  a  lyne  for  the  same  braunche ;   ...  iiij 

For  xxv11.  quarter  of  Englishe  wier ; . . .  xxv     iij 

For  vj11.  of  basterd  wier ;    iiij 

For  xxvj   small  braunches  to   hange 

lights  in  the  hall  at  wyndesor; v       iiij 

For  iij  great  braunches  for  the  same 

purpose; vj 

For  cariage  of  ij  hamps  to  S*  Johns ;  viij 

For  a  dozen  of  single  white  plate ;   . . .  iij 

xiij  ij     iij 

Sarcenet  John  DiggC  for  sondrey  ncells  by  him  provided  bought 

Canvas  cj.  brought  into  the  office ; 

Fuelland  fo  '  H,       8.         d. 

other  neces-   Billetf  viij  thowsand  at  x8.  the  M;  ...  lxx 

sanes  Coles  —or  loa(^  at  xviijs.  the  load ; ...  lxxij 

Canvas  one  hundred  ^  forty  ells ; vij 

Bucrams  vj  peecf; xxx 

Sarcenet  sent  to  the  Courte  of  divlse 

cullors  at  vjs.  viijd.  thell,  xxx  ells  ;  x 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  181 

li.         s.        d. 

Three  hampers  to  carry  the  stuff  to 

Birchollsj    vj 

For  ij  ropes;  iij  viij 

xxvj  j  viij 

John  Sherborne  for  sondry  thingf  by  him  provided  Fuellchaun- 

and  brought  into  the  office  ;  vizi ,  delors  per- 

H.  s.       d.     cells  and 

Billetf  at  Wyndesor  for  the  office  and  other  neces- 

for  the  Mrs  Chamber  there,  ij  thow-  saries 

sand  at  xs.  the  thousand  ;    xx 

Coales  one  load ;  xviij 

Cotten  candles  at  sondrey  pricf  aswell 
for  the  rehersalls  as  for  the  workf 
in  the  office  and  at  the  Courte,  xv 
dozen;   lv 

Torches  iij  dozen  at  xiiij8.  the  dozen ;  xlij 

Lynckf  one  dozen ; iiij 

Gloves  viij  dozen  at  vij3.  the  dozen  ;  lvj 

Nayles  T:  tenterhook^  of  divlse  sortf ;  ix      ij 

For  horsehier  from  Wyndesor  to  Lon- 
don in  poste,  and  back  agayne  for 
my  Lord  Chamberleynes  men ;   . . .  vj  viij 

Botehier  from    Richmond   \   Barne 

Elmes  to  London  Twice ;    iij 

Billet^  at  Richmond  for  the  office  and 
the  Mrs  Chamber  there  one  thow- 
sand; x 

Coles  there; vj 

5s.  tod.  6s.  4d.  3s. 

Threed,    Rushes,    searing    candles, 

I2d.  f  12d. 

paper,  white  shoes,  glacing  at  the 

38.  4d.  28.  12d.  48. 

Courte,  bucram,  bord,  vicf ;    xxvij     vj 

Twoe  wedges  of  Iron  to  be  gilded  and 

a  lock;  iij 

A  close  stoole; x 

xiij  x    iiij 


182  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

John  Davis  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought  into  the 
office;  viz). 

For  bromes  vjd.  ob.  Nayles,  jd. ;  candles  v11.  xvd. ; 
pease  one  peck,  vjd.  searing  candle,  jd. ;  ijs.  vd.  ob. 

For  cariage  of  stuff  to  Mr  Mulcasters  %  back  agayne ; 

xxd. 

For  carying  of  certen  stufFe  to  Barnes  Elmes ;        xijd. 

For  holly  and  Ivie  at  Wyndesor  5  iiijd. 

For  botehier  for  my  self  at  Richmond ;  jd. 

vs.  vjd.  ob. 

Edward  Kirkeham  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought 
into  the  office  and  for  money  by  hym  otherwise  dis- 
bursed, vizi, 

For  tape  iju. ;  vjs. ;  browne  threed,  iij11.  qf?  vj8.  vjd. 
white  threed,  iju.  vjs.  grene  threed  di11.  xvjd.        xixs.  xd. 

Russet  fustian  xiij  yardf  at  xd.  the  yard ;  x8.  xd. 

Gold  tyncell  at  ijs.  viijd.  the  yard,  iiijor  yardf  ; 

xs.  viijd. 

Sylvr  tyncell  at  iij9.  the  yard,  iij  yardf  di ;         xs.  vjd. 

For  the  hire  of  ij  horses  for  him  self  T:  his  man  to 
Wyndesor  and  back  agayne  to  attend  the  stuff  of  the 
Re  veils  thithr  caried ;  xviij9. 

For  their  ij  horsemeate  at  Wyndesor ;  vj8. 

For  botehier  to  T;  from  Richmond ;  iiijs. 

lxxix3.  xd. 

Edward  Buggyn  gent,  for  money  by  him  disbursed  ; 


viz;, 


Botehier  and  in  reward^  at  sondrey  tymes  during  the 


x9. 


work 

For  sondrey  patterns  of  maskf  wch  he  procured  to  be 
drawed  and  brought  into  the  office  by  the  Mrs  ap- 
pointem* ;  lxs# 

lxxs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  183 

Edmond  Tylney  esquire  for  sondrey  somes  of  money 
by  him  laid  out ;  vizi , 

To  diverse  psons  for  payting  by  greate  of  cc.  x  yardf 
of  Canvas  at  xijd.  the  yard  ;  x11.  xs. 

For  xxjtie  yardf  of  red  and  yeallowe  Gotten  ;      xxiij3. 

For  the  hire  of  iiijor  horses  to  Wyndesor  at  ij8.  the 
daie  the  peece  for  ij  daies ;  xvj3. 

For  the  hire  of  three  cartf  to  remove  the  store  of  the 
office  to  Wyndesor ;  xx8. 

For  white  and  black  cipres  at  iij8.  iiijd.  the  yard,  xv 
yardf  for  the  Ladies  maske  ;  l8. 

Geven  in  Reward  to  the  boye  that  pronounced  the 
speeche  before  the  maske  of  the  ladies ;  x8. 

Geven  in  reward  to  Mr  Cardell  for  devising  the  daunce 
wch  JVIr  Cardell  came  in  wth ;  xx8. 

For  the  hire  of  iiijor  horses  ij  daies  from  Wyndesor 
to  London  at  ij8.  the  daie  a  peece ;  xvj8. 

For  horsemeate ;  xij\ 

For  three  cartf  to  remove  the  stuff  of  the  office  from 
Wyndesor  to  London  ;  xxs. 

For  the  hire  of  iiijor  horses  from  London  to  Richmond 
at  Shrovetide  one  daye  at  ij8.  the  daie  a  peece ;         viijs. 

For  the  hire  of  one  Carte  to  remove  the  stuff  of  the 
office  from  London  to  Richmond  1  back  againe ;         xs. 

For  the  hire  of  iiijor  horses  from  Richmond  to  London 
one  daie  at  ijs.  the  daye  a  peece ;  viij8. 

For  makeing  of  vj  paire  of  buskins ;  xij8. 

For  v  yardf  of  grene  cloth  at  viij8.  the  yard  ;  xls. 

For  standishe  ynck  pap  and  other  necessaries  ;       xx3. 

xxiiij11.  xv8. 

John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed ;  viS, 

For  a  Reame  of  paper ;  vj8.  viijd. 

For  sixe  quire  of  Royall  pap ;  vjs. 

3s.  4d.  12d. #  6d. 

For  a  standishe,  penknife,  pynduste ;  iiij8.  xd. 

2s.  8d.  3d.  2s.  Gd. 

For  Counters,  Inck,  quills,  botehire  \  v8.  vd. 

xxij8.  xjd. 


184 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


Carpentrs 
percells 


Silkemans  William  Bowie  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  provided  and 

percells  brought  into  the  office  ;  viz!, 

Sylver  lace  plated  of  copper,  xiiij  oz,  di.  at  ijs.  the 

oz)  ;  xxix8. 

Tassells  and  buttons  of  copper  silvr  at  ijs.  the  ozl  ij11. 

xj  oz  di ;  iiij11.  vijs. 

Bone  lace  brayded  of  copper  silvr  xxj  oz  di, ;       xliijs. 

Laid  worke  buttons  of  copper  silvr  at  vjd.  the  dozen, 

xij  dozen ;  vjs. 

viij11.  vs. 
John  Taylor  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  brought  into 
the  office;  vizi, 

24s.  8s.  6d. 

Dubble  quarters  xlviij  single  quarters  xxxiiij 

xxxijs.  vjd. 

2s.  8d:  2s.  8d. 

Punchions  iiij.     Deales  ij  ;  rafters  vs. ;  xs.  iiijd. 

30s.  lOd.  6«.  4d.  3s.  6d. 

Bordf  cccc  qjter,  and  xxtie  foote  Joyces  v  Planckf  iiij 

xls.  viijd. 

7s.   6d.  8s.  4d. 

Tymber  xv  foote.     Inche  borde  ;  xvs.  xd. 

iiiju.  xixs.  iiijd. 
Reparations  Thomas  Blagrave  Esquire  for  money  by  hym  disbursed 
and  laid  out  for  the  newe  flowring  of  a  chamber  (fallen 
downe)  being  pte  of  his  owne  lodging,  newcasting  of  all 
the  lead  ovr  the  same  chamber,  newe  tymber  and  bordf 
under  the  same  lead.  And  new  makeing  a  large  paire 
of  staires  wth  a  house  about  and  over  them  into  the 
leadf,  and  mending  the  other  leadf  in  many  places,  vizi, 

158.  14s'...  9d> 

Somers  ij  ;  Joistf  xiiij  ;  Beame  j .  Entertice ; 

xxxs.  ixd. 
Bordf  at  sondrey  pricf?  the  c  fote  viijc  di ;  liiijs. 

8d.  8s.   9d.  4s.  8d. 

Half  pace  j  ;  single  quarters  xxxv.  rafter  vij  paire; 

xiiij5.  jd. 

3s.  4d.  2s. 

Hookf  and  hingfT  iiij  paire ;  lockf  and  staples  ij  ; 

Vs.  iiijd. 

Xi.  ixs. 

Nayles  at  vjd.  the  C  2000,  lath  nayles,  6000 ;       xixs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  185 

xvjs.  iij*.  4d 

Lyme  cc  di.  and  iiij  sackf,  sand  iij  load,  heare  xiij 

vjs.  vjd.  ixs.  viijd. 

bushells;     Tyles  vjc.     Tylepyns;  xxxvs.  vjd. 

22d. 

Brick  to  amend  the  harth,  Furre  poll,  for  the  staires, 

xs.  vd.  13s 

lath  x  bundle,  painting  washing  and  pinting  the  chamber; 

xxvj8.  iijd. 

158.  118. 

Newe  casting  of  vjc  and  a  quartern  of  lead  |  Soder 

xix11.  xxvj8. 

Cariage  T:  recariage  of  lead  T;  tymbr ;  ijs. 

36s.  4s.  4  s.  8d. 

Workemanship    of    Carpenters,    Bricklaiers    Tylers, . 

8s.  lOd.  5s.  Od.  10s.  6d. 

plaisterers,  plumbers,  and  laborers ;  lxixs.  vjd. 

xiiij11.  ijs.  vd. 

Dunstone  Braye  for  workf  done  upon  the  hall  %  office  Plumbers 
of  the  Bevellf ;  '  percells 

Pipe  lead  to  mend  the  Mrs  conduite  lxxvj11.  at  ijd. 
the  li ;  xij8.  viijd. 

Sheete  lead  to  make  a  spowte  30511.  at  xiij8.  the  hun- 
dred ;  xxxix8.  viijd. 

Soder  lj11.  at  vijd.  the  pound ;  xxix8.  ixd. 

For  workemanship  of  plumbers  T:  laborers  ;  xxxij8.  iiijd. 

v11.  xiiij8.  vd. 

The  Clerke  for  his  ordinarie  grenecloth,  paper,  Inck, 
Quills,  waxe,  Counters,  deskf ,  standishes,  and  Tooles  for 
the  makeing  compiling  and  conserving  of  the  Bookes, 
Billf ,  Plott£,  Paternes,  Modells  T:c  for  and  concernyng 
this  office ; 

lxvj8.  viijd. 

William  Lizard  for  money  by  him  laid  out  for  son-  paynters 
drey  things  by  him  bought  and  brought  into  this  office ;  percells  for 
vizS .     Paste  bord,  paper,  and  paste,  white,  sise,  verte,  ™  proper- 
Syneper,  fyne  gold,  ptie  gold,  silvr,  masticote,  blewe 
Inde,  Smalte  blacke,  vermylion,  glewe,  assedewe  browne, 
Tynfoyle,  and  potf  used  and  Imployed  upon  the  pre- 
misses amounting  unto ;  iiij11.  vij8.  vjd. 


186  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Edmond  Tylney  Esquire  Mr  of  the  office  being  sente 
for  to  the  Courte  by  Letter  from  Mr  Secretary  dated  the 
xth  of  Marche,  1582.     To  choose  out  a  companie  of 
players  for  her  Matie  for  Money  by  him  laid  out ;  vi3  ; 
For  horshire  to  the  courte  and  back  agayne  ;  xs. 

For  his  owne  chardges  his  mens  and  horsemeate  there 
ij  daies ;  xs. 

xx8. 
Suma  totlis  of  all  the  Emptions  and  Provisions  cariagf, 
Rewardf,  wages,  and  attendauncf  wthin  the  tyme  afore- 
said :  cclix11.  xix8.  iiijd.  ob. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 
Edwarde  Buggyn. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Kirkham. 

Betwene  the  xiiijth  of  February  1582.  Anno  RRe  Eliz), 
xxvth  (At  wch  tyme  the  workf  and  attendauncf  for  the 
tymes  aforesaid  did  end)  And  the  firste  of  November, 
1583.  Annock  RRne  Eliz].  preds  xxvt0  the  chardges  of 
this  office  grewe  at  sondrey  tymes  by  meanes  of  Airing, 
Repairing,  brushing,  spunging,  Rubbing,  sweeping,  put- 
ting in  order  laying  up  and  safe  bestowing  of  garmtes 
vestures,  disguysingf  propties  and  furniture  of  the  same 
from  tyme  to  tyme  wthin  the  tyme  aforesaid  as  the  neces- 
sity thereof  at  sondrey  tymes  required  to  keepe  the  same 
in  Readines  for  her  Mates  service.  The  whole  chardges 
whereof  aswell  for  chardges  as  for  other  necesssaries 
herafter  pticulerly  ensueth  ;  viz], 

Tailors  and  others  workeing  and  attending  the  prmisses 
the  firste  at  xxd.  the  daie,  the  reste  at  xijd. ; 

viju.  xiijs.  iiij3. 

dayes  li.      g. 

Officers  the    TheMaister;    20  iiij 

firste  at  iiij3.  The  clerke  comptroller ; 20  xl 

TheClerke; 20  xl 

TheYoman; 20  xl 


the  daie  the 
reste  at  ijs. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  187 

John  Sherborne  for  fewell  and  other  necessaries  used 
at  sondrey  tymes  in  the  said  airringf,  viz! . 

Coles  xxtie  sacke ;  xvs.  billetf  one  thowsand;  x8. 
threed  and  tape  of  sondrey  sort£ ;  vij8.  brushes  and 
rushes;  vs.  xxxvij8. 

Edmond  Tylney  Esqaire  for  money  by  him  disbursed 
aswell  about  the  makeing  of  Thaccompt  to  the  Auditor 
of  Thimpreste,  and  declaration  of  the  same  before  the 
Lord  Treasorer  and  Sr  Walter  Myldmey ;  As  also  for  the 
chardges  of  the  privie  seale,  and  for  the  paym1  of  the 
money  and  receipt  of  the  same  wth  the  certificat  doth 
yearely  amount  unto  above ;  viij11. 

Suma  of  the  chardgf  laste  aforesaid ;    xxviij11.  x8.  iiijd. 
Suma  totalis  of  this  whole  booke  ; 

XX 

cciiij  viiju.  ix8.  viijd.  ob. 

T,  Blagrave.  Ed.  Tyllney. 

Edward  Buggyn. 
Edward  Kirkham. 


188  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK   X.] 

Re  veil?  1584.  Anno  RRe  Elizabethe ;  xxvij0. 

Chrvstmas  ^ne  Charges  of  those  tymes  ;  viz,  betwene  the  laste 

Twelftyde       daie  of  October  1584.  Anno  xxvjt0  Kegni  Regine  Eliza- 

Tde  and^"   beth'    and   the °f  February   1584'    Annoq>   RRne 

making  Elizabethe  pred  xxvij0  did  rise  aswell  by  meanes  of  at- 

choise  of        tending,  making  choise,  reformyng  and  altering  of  such 

RRe  Eliza-     plaies,  Comodies,  maskes  and  inventions  as  were  pre- 

beth  xxvij0     pared,  sett  furth  and  psented  before  her  Matie  at  the 

tymes  aforesaid.    As  also  of  wages  workemanship,  trans- 

lacons,  attendauncf,  wares  delivered,  Cariagf,  Jorney- 

ing  chardgf,  and  expencf,  therunto  belonging.     The 

pticulers  whereof  together  wth  the  pties  waies  to  whom 

and  wherfore  the  same  is  due  hereafter  ensueth  ;  vizi, 

A  pastorall  of  Phillyda  T:  Choryfi  presented  and  en- 
acted before  her  Matie  by  her  highnes  servauntf  on  S4 
Stephens  daie  at  night  at  Grenewch  whereon  was  ym- 
ployed  xxxviij  yardf  of  BufFyn  for  Shepherdf  coatf  xxxtie 
ells  of  sarcenet  for  fowre  matachyne  sutes,  one  greate 
curteyne  and  scarfes  for  the  nymphes,  one  mountayne 
and  one  greate  cloth  of  Canvas,  and  vj  peecf  of  bucram. 
The  history  of  Agamemnon  %  Ulisses  presented  and 
enacted  before  her  Matie  by  the  Earle  of  Oxenford  his 
boyes  on  S*  Johns  daie  at  night  at  Grenewiche. 

Dyvers  feates  of  Actyvytie  were  shewed  and  pre- 
sented before  her  Matie  on  Neweyeares  daie  at  night  at 
Grenewiche  by  Symons  and  his  fellowes  whereon  was 
ym ployed  the  pages  sute  of  oringe  tawney  tissued  vellet, 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  189 

wch  they  spoyled,  xxiiijor  yardf  of  white  cotten,  a  bat- 

lement,  and  ij  Janes  sutes  of  canvas,  and  iiij  ells  of 

sarcenett. 

The  history  of  Felix  %  Philiomena  shewed  and  enacted 

before  her  highnes  by  her  Mates  servauntf  on  the  son- 

daie  next  after  neweyeares  daie,  at  night  at  Grenewiche,  Playes, 

whereon  way  ymploied  one   battlement  T:  a  house  of  snewes  and 
x  devises  be- 

canvas.  fore  her 

An  Invention  called  Fyve  playes  in  one,  presen  tedl  highnes  in 
enacted  before  her  Matie  on  Twelfedaie  at  night  in  the  aforegaid 
hall  at  Grenewiche  by  her  highnes  servauntf  whereon  vij ;  viz., 
was  ymploied  a  greate  cloth  and  a  battlement  of  canvas, 
and  canvas  for  a  well  and  a  mounte,  xv  ells  of  sarcenet, 
ix  yardf  of  sullen  cloth  of  gold  purple. 

An  Invention  of  three  playes  in  one,  prepared  to  have 
ben  shewed  before  her  highnes  on  Shrovesondaie  at  night, 
and  to  have  ben  enacted  by  her  Mates  servauntf  at 
Somersett  place.  But  the  Quene  came  not  abroad  that 
night,  yet  was  ymploied  on  the  same  one  howse  T:  a 
battlement. 

An  Antick  Play  T:  a  Comody  shewed  presented  %  en- 
acted before  her  highnes  on  Shrovetuesdaie  at  night  at 
Somerset  place  by  her  Mates  servauntf  whereon  was  ym- 
ployed  one  house. 

Taylors  and  others  working  and  attending  the  ^misses 
the  firste  at  20d.  the  day  and  as  much  the  night  the  rest 
at  xijd.  xlv11.  iij8.  viijd. 

The  Porter  John  Dawncye ;  lxvs. 

Proptie  makers  at  sondrey  rates;  xiiij11.  iiij8. 

Paynters  at  sondrey  ratf  the  daie ;  viz!,     iiij11.  ij8.  ijd. 

Wyerdrawers  at  sondrey  rate  ;  cj8.  iiijd. 


190  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF    . 

Carpenters  at  xvjd.  the  day  %  as  much  the  nighte  : 

cv8.  iiijd. 
Joynl  s  at  xvjd.  the  daie ;  xl9. 

Plumbers  at  xvjd.  the  daie  ;  xvjs. 

dayes.        nights.  li.      s. 

TheOffycers  The  Yeoman; 51   ...  14  vj  x 

dli^nd'as     TheClerke;    51  ...  1*  vj  X 

much  the        The  Clerke  comptroller ;    51  ...   14  vj  x 

night  in  re-  xjx  x 

spect  of  their 

diet  and  ex-  The  Maister  for  his  attendaunce  from  the  laste  of  Oc- 

pences  tober  1584  untill  Ashewednesdaie  then  next  following 

aswell  for  the  choise  making  of  plaies  as  for  his  wagf  at 
Christmas,  Twelftide  and  Shrovetide,  conteyning  in  all 
cxvij  daies  and  xiiijten  nightf  at  iiij3.  the  daie  and  as 
much  the  night ;  xxvj11.  iiij8. 

To  one  dore  keper  and  iij  other  attendauntf  for  pte  of 
the  same  tyme  and  during  the  rehersalls  at  xijd.  the  daie 
T;  as  much  the  night ;  xiiju.  iiij8. 

Emptions  and  Provisions. 

Mercers  Wyllyam  Stone  for  sondrey  pcells  by  him  delivered  in 

percells  the  office ;  viz) , 

Buffin  of  Watchet  cullor  xxxviij  yardf  at  iij8.  the 

yard ;  cxiiij8. 

Sarcenet   some   of  yeallowe,  some   greene,  some   of 

crymsen,  some  blewe  %  some  white  at  vj8.  viijd.  thell  in 

all,  1  ells  xvju.  xiij8.  vijd. 

xxij11.  vij8.  iiijd. 

Wyer-  Edmond  Byrcholl  for  sondrey  thingf  by  him  provided, 

drawers          wrought  and  brought  in  this  office \  vizi, 
percells  n.  ■.        d. 

For  xxiiij  small  braunches ;    ciiij 

For  iiij  greate  braunches ;  viij 

For  xij  bodkins; xij 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  191 

li.  s.  d. 

For  xxxij11.  di  of  wier  of  sondrey  sort£ 

at  xijd.  the  li.  5     xxxij       vj 

For  Spanish  needles  5  iij 

For  vj  pullies;  ij 

For  foure  lynes ;  iiij 

For  hanging  up  of  the  pullies  ;  xviij 

For  cc  of  xd.  nayles  ;  xx 

For  iju.  di  of  Assidue  5    vij       vj 

For  iij  vice  candlestick^ ;    xviij 

For  vj  stock  candlestick^ ; xij 

For  iij  prickt  candlestick^ ;     vj 

For  xviij  plates; iij 

For  a  pipe  for  water; v 

For  working  of  the  wyer;  x 

For  cariage  1  recariage  of  the  thingf 
aforesaid  to  Grenewch  and  to  Somlset 

place  and  back  agayne;  , v 

xvij  v 


John  Taylor  for  sondrey  things  by  him  provided  and  Carpentei 
brought  into  the  office  ;  viz!,  percells 

li.  s.  d. 

For  xxx  doble  quarters; xv 

For  xvj  rafters  ;   xvj 

For  vj  Joyses; vj 

For  ij  scantling  peeces ;  iij      iiij 

For  vj  greate  rafters  ; viij 

For  viij  postes ;    viij 

For  cccc  of  bord£  ;    xxviij 

iiij       iiij      iiij 

George  Gower  for  div)  s  cullors  paste  bordf  and  other  pavnter» 
pcells  by  him  pvided  and  brought  into  the  office ;  viz) ,      percells 

For  cullors  of  all  sortf ; xl 

For  paste  bordf  greate  and  small ;    ...  xxvij 

ForOrcedewe;    lx 


192  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.  s.  d. 

For  potf  greate  1  small  Syse,  glewe, 

needles,  threed,  fire,  candles,  trayshe 

nayleT;c xxiiij        vj 

Forbotehier;  xviij 

vij      xiij 

Propertie  Wyllyam  Lizard  for  cullors  and  other  thinge  by  him 

makers  per-    brought  into  the  office  ;  vizi , 

cells  s  **• 

For  cullors  of  sundrey  sort£  ;     xxxj 

For  gold  and  silvr ; xx         ij 

ForOrcedewe;    ij        vj 

liij     viij 

Cutlers  per-        John  Newdyck  for  fyve  vizars  at  iiijs.  the  peece  by  him 
cells  provided  and  brought  into  the  office ;  xxs. 

Beauvis  Tod  for  sondrey  things  by  him  brought  into 
the  office  and  wrought  for  the  office ;  viz) , 

s.  d. 

For  ij  daggers ;   v 

For  a  scabard vj 

For  making  cleane  of  ij  bladf  ; iiij 

For  making  cleane  of  ij  paire  of  hiltf  ;  xvj 

viJ         ij 

Skvnners  Simond   Tuk   for   sondrey   things    by   him    bought, 

percells  wrought,  and  brought  into  the  office ;  viz! , 

s.  d. 

For  iij  half  furres  of  white  pever  ;    ...  xviij 
For  working  of  them  into  a  Cassock ;  iij 
*                     For  Budge  to  make  the  spottf  of  a  cas- 
sock;      xij 

For  making  of  the  kyd  skynne  hose ;  xviij 

For  a  lardge  white  lambe  skynne  for  ye 

gotf  head ;  iiij 

xxiij         x 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  193 

Dunston  Bray  for  sondrey  thingf  by  him  brought  and   Plumbers 

wrought  in  the  office  ;  viz),  percells  ( 

s.  i;  d. 

Cast  pipes  waving,  cxv11.  at  ijd.  the 

pound;     xix         ij 

Soder  xiiiju.  at  vijd.  the  pound ;    viij         ij  . 

xxvij       iiij 

John  Ogle  for  thingf  by  him  pvided  and  brought  into  Necessaryes 
the  office  ;  viz] , 

s.  d. 

For  foure  yeallowe  heares  for  head  at- 
tires for  woemen  ; xxvj  viij 

For  a  pound  of  heare;    xij 

xxvij  viij 

John  Digges  for  sondrey  somes  of  money  by  him  dis- 
bursed for  thingf  bought  and  brought  into  the  office ; 

vi3, 

li.  s.  d. 

For  clxxx  ells  of  canvas  at  xijd.  thell        ix 
For  wood  and  cole  laid  into  the  office ; 

at  Sl  Johnes  for  rehersalls  airingf  % 

workf  done  ;    vij 

For  iiij  peecf  of  buccram  ; xviij 

For  a  standishe  for  thoffice ;  ij       vj 

xvij  vj 

Willyam  Henningf  gent  for  money  by  him  layed  out 
for  botehier  to  and  from  the  Courte  being  then  at 
Grenewch  Reward^  to  workemen  for  expedicon  and  for 
victualls  for  them  because  they  should  not  goe  from  their 
worke ;  xxs. 

John  Sherborne  for  sondrey  thingf  by  him  pvided  and 
money  laid  out ;  viz) , 

s. 

For  fuell  at  the  Court  for  the  office  and 

M".  Chambr  there ;    Ix 

o 


19 1  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.  s. 

For  torches  and  lynckf  ;  xl 

For  cotten  candles  of  all  sortf  for  the 
rehersallf  and  workf  at  St  Johnes 
T;  for  the  M1S  Chambr  and  office  at 
the  Courte; lxvj 

For  lockf,  keies,  nayles,  hookes,  ropes, 
and  mending  of  the  vices  for  the 
frames  ;    xl 

For  rushes  for  the  great  hall  at  S* 
Johnes  the  Mrs  Chamber  %  office  at 
the  Court;  xxij 

For  vj  dozen  of  gloves ;  xlij 

For  a  close  stoole ;  x 

For  a  planck  at  Grenewiche ; ij 

For  cariagf  by  land  T:  by  water  T,  bote- 

hier  of  and  otherwise  of  Errandf  ;  xxv 

xv        vij 

John  Drawater  for  money  by  him  disbursed  for  a 
Realm  of  paper ;  vjs.  viijd.  for  di  Realm  of  royall  paper, 
xs.  for  ynck,  quillf ,  waxe,  pinduste  T:  counters,  vjs.  xd. 
for  botehier  at  sondrey  tymes.  vjs.  viijd.  xxxs.  ijd. 


a. 


Edward  Kyrkham  for  money  by  him  laid  out,  viz), 

s. 

For  three  ells  of  three  q^ter  cloth,  at 

xijd.  thell;  iij 

For  xxiiij  yardf  of  white  playne  at  xd. 

theyard;     xx 

For  iij11.  of  threed  of  all  cullers,  at  ijs. 

viijd.  the  li. ;    viij 

For  a  li.  of  tape;    iij      iiij 

For  iiijor  dozen  of  lace  of  white  T:  yeal- 

lowe  at  16d.  ye  doz  ;    v      iiij 

For  ix  yardf  of  welshe  playne ; ix 

For  an  ell  of  holland  ;     :.... ij        vj 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  195 

s,  d. 

For  a  peece  of  buccram ;    iiij     viij 

For  more  tape  Incle  %  threed ;  viij 

For  botehier  to  %  from  the  court  at  son- 
drey  tymes ;     ix 

lxxij         x 

The  Clarke  for  his  ordinary  greene  cloth,  paper  Inck, 
quills,  deske  and  for  making,  compiling  and  conserving 
of  the  bookes,  bills,  plotf ,  patornes,  modellf  T;c.  for  \ 
concernyng  this  office  ;  vizi,  lxvjs-  viijd. 

Edmond  Tylney  esquire  Mr  of  thoffice  for  sondrey 
somes  of  money  by  him  disbursed;  vizi, 

li,  s.        d. 

Paid  to  Lizard,  Tylor  %  the  Carver  for 

a  plaster  of  parris,  cley,  paste  bordf 

and   other    necessaries    for    pperty 

makers ;  xl 

For  a  dozen  of  great  skynnes ;   vj 

For    botehier   %   horshier   at   sondrey 

tymes  during  the  service  T:  since  in 

suyng  for  money  ;  xlv 

Reward^  to  divlse  nsons  at  the  Courte 

at  the  rehersalls  there ;  xx 

For  fyve  yardf  of  grene  cloth ;  xls.  stan- 

dishe  Inck,  paper  sand  %  quills ;  xxs.  Ix 

For  a  quarter  of  deale  bordf  ;    xxv 

To  the  feather  maker  for  iiijor  garland^ 

offlowres; xxvj      viij 

For  buskins  %  pumpes  for  nymphes  % 

shepherd  £  ;  xxv 

For  shepeherdf  hattf  ;   xx 

xiij        vij      viij 

Suma  tolis  of  the  Emptions,  provisions,  cariagC,  re- 

o2 


196  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

wardf ,  wages,  and  attendauncf  wthin  the  tyme  afore- 
said ;  ccliij11.  vs.  jd. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 

T.  Blagrave. 

Edward  Kirkham. 

Betwene  the  xxvth  of  February,  1584.  Anno  RRe  Eli- 
zabeth ;  xxvij0  (at  wch  tyme  the  workes  and  attendauncf 
for  the  tymes  aforesaid  did  end)  and  the  laste  of  October 
1585.  Annoq,  RRe  Eliz!  pred  xxvij°.  The  chardges  of 
this  office  grewe  at  sondrey  tymes  by  meanes  of  aieringf 
amending^ ,  brushing,  rubbing,  spunging,  sweeping,  fold- 
ing, laying  up,  and  safe  bestowing  of  garment^  both  for 
maskers  T:  players,  disguising^ ,  propties  and  furniture  of 
the  same  from  tyme  to  tyme  wthin  the  tyme  aforesaid  as 
the  necessity  thereof  at  sondrey  tymes  required  to  keepe 
the  same  in  readines  for  her  Mates  service.  The  chardges 
as  well  for  wages  as  for  other  necessaries  hereafter  ensueth; 

vi2, 

dayes  li.  s.  d. 

Thorn as  Clatterboke  at  20d.  per  die ;  20  ...  xxxiij  iiij 

John  Tipsley  at  xijd.  p  die ;     20  ...  xx 

John  Davis  at  xijd.  p  die ;     20  ...  xx 

John  Lucas  at  the  like ;    20  ...  xx 

Willm  Phillippes  at  the  like;  20  ...  xx 

Thomas  Rowkelidge  at  ye  like;    ...  20  ...  xx 

John  Sherborne  at  the  like  ; 20  . . .  xx 

John  Daunsey  at  the  like ;    20  ...  xx 

viij       xiij  iiij 

The  Mr  at  iiij9.  p  diem  ;   20  ...  iiij 

The  Clerkcomptroller  at  ijs. ;    20  ...  xl 

The  Clerke  at  ij9.  p  diem ;    20...  xl 

The  yeoman  at  ij8*.  p  diem ; 20  ...  xl 

x 

John  Sherborne  for  money  laid  out  for  necessairies  used 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  197 

at  sondrey  tymes  in  the  said  aireing£;  viz!,  threed  % 
tape  of  sondrey  sortf  ;  vij9. 

for  brushes  rubbing  brushes  and  Rushes ;      vij3.  viijd. 

xiiij3.  viijd. 

Edmond  Tylney  esquire  for  money  by  him  disbursed 
and  to  be  disbursed  aswell  about  the  makeing  of  the  ac- 
compt  to  the  Auditor  of  thimpreste  and  declaracon  of  the 
same  before  the  L.  Treasorer  %  Sr  Walter  Mildmey,  as 
also  for  the  chardgf  of  the  privie  seale  order  for  the  pay- 
ment of  the  money  and  receipt  of  the  same  wth  the  Cer- 
tificate doth  yearely  amounte  unto  above ;  viiju. 

Suma  of  the  chardgf  laste  aforesaid ;         xxviju.  viij8. 

Suma  Tolia  of  this  whole  Booke ;         cclxxx11.  xiij8.  jd. 

Ed.  Tyllney. 
T.  Blagrave. 
Edward  Kirkham. 


198 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK   XL] 


Christmas 
Twelftid 
Shrovetide 
ye  choysma- 
kinge  of 
playes  wth 
the  reform- 
inge  of  them 
Anno  Reg. 
Elizabethe 


A/>* 


J/ .  fajjjd 


f 


Reuellf,  1587.  Anno  RRe  Elizabeth,  xxx°. 

The  chardges  of  thos  tymes,  vi3,  from  the  last  of 
October,  1587  to  the  firste  of  November,  1588  did  rise 
aswell  by  means  Attending  makinge  choyse  pusinge  re- 
forminge  T;  Alteringe  of  suche  playes,  comedies,  maskes, 
and  Inventions  as  were  prepared  set  forthe  T:  presented 
before  her  Matie.  In  the  tymes  beforesaid,  as  also  of  the 
wagis  workmanship,  translations,  wares  delivred,  careagis, 
Jornige  chardgis  T:  expencis  thereunto  belonginge  wth 
the  Arringes  brushing^  and  salffe  kepinge  of  the  robes  T: 
other  stuffe  wthin  the  sayd  office.  The  particulars  where- 
of together  wth  the  parties  names  to  whom  T;  wherefore 
the  same  is  dewe  hereafter,  Insuethe  ;  vizi , 

Anno  xxx°  Reg.  Regine 
The  Quenes  Matie  beinge  at  Grenewch  ther  were 
shewed  presented  and  enacted  before  her  highness  be- 
twixte  Christmas  T;  Shrovetid  vij  playes  besides  feattf 
of  activitie,  and  other  shewes  by  the  childeren  of  Poles 
her  Mates  owne  servant^  %  the  gentlemen  of  grayes  In  on 
whom  was  Imployed  dyverse  remant^  of  Clothe  of  goulde 
T:  other  stuffe  oute  of  the  Store. 


Tayllors  %  others  workinge  T:  attending  the  premeses 
during  the  foresayd  tyme  at  xijd.  the  daye  1  as  muche 
the  night. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  199 

The  Porter  of  S*.  Johns  Gatt.  lxiij8. 

dayes  nights  li.        s. 

The  Yeoman  of  the  Revells    ...  88  ...  14  v  iiij   The  officers 

The  Clarke, 28    ..  14  iiij  iiij   ^agis  for 

•  J      J    ther  atten- 

The  Clarke  controler  28  ...  14  iiij  mj   dance  du- 

Smaxiij  xij   ringeCbrist- 
mas  and 
Shrovetid, 
at  ij8.  the 
daye  and  as- 
much  the 
night. 

The  Mr  of  the  office  for  his  attendance  l  chardgis  The  Mr  of 
from  the  laste  of  October  until  Ashewedensdaye  aswell  ....e9  °  ec!?  a 
for  choysmakinge  T;  reforminge  of  playes  and  Commedies 
as  also  for  his  and  other  attendant^  duringe  Christmas 
Ht  Shrovetide,  amontinge  in  all  unto  c.xvj  dayes  li  xiiijtlv 
nightf  at  iiij3.  ye  daye  and  asmuche  the  Night  cometh 
to ;  xxvju. 

A  dorekeper  and  iij  other  attendant^  aswell  duringe 
the  rehersalls  as  also  for  ther  attendance  at  the  Courte. 
In  Christmas  and  Shrovetid  at  xijd.  the  daye ; 

dayes  nights  li.    s» 

William  Cooke ;    ... 116  ...  14  vj  x 

Roger  Chamber ; 116  ...  14  vj  x 

Thomas  Carlton ; 116  ...   14  vj  x 

Henry  Cooke; 116  ...    14  vj  x 

Edmond  Burchall  wierdrawer  for  wierworke  1  branchis  Wierdrawer 
in  the  hall  at  Grenewch,  at  Twelftid  and  Shrovetid  by 
greate  aswell  for  wares  as  workmanship  \  xvij11. 

John    Mildney    carpenter    for   Tymber    bordf    and  Carpente1" 
workmanship,   in   mendinge   and  settinge   upp   of  the 
howses  by  greate ;  iijH- 

Bartholomew  Hix  mercer  for  xxx  ells  of  Sarssnett  of  Mercer 


200  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Sundery  coullers  at  vjs.  viijd.  the  elle,  delyvered  into  the 
office ;  x11. 

Edward  Kirkham  yeoman  of  the  Revells  for  diverse 

thingf  by  him  disbursed,  in  service  of  the  said  office ; 

s.  t      d. 
For  xviij  yerdfof  Cotton  ; xxij 

For  vj  pound  of  assedew  ;  xviij 

And  for  cuttinge  of  ij  pound  thereof;   iij 

For  vj  dozen  of  pastebordf  ;  vj 

For  ij  yerdf  of  boukram  ;    ij    vj 

For  gloves  geven  to  the  Quenes  players  to  ye 

tumblers  T;  children  of  Poles ;     xxxvj 

For  threide  of  diverse  coullers; v 


For  Inkle 


!J 


For  caryinge  of  stuffe  from  Grenewch  to  Tower 

wharffe;  ij   iiij 

For  botehyer  dyverse  tymes  duringe  the  said 

•    service;    x 

Sma  xxxv11.  vjs.  xd. 

The  Clerke         Thomas  Blagrave  clerke  of  the  said  office  demandeth 
allowance  for  a  grene  clothe,  standishe,  Inke  T;  paper ; 

iij11.  vj9.  viijd. 
And  layd  out  for  a  pece  of  Canvas  ;  xxxs. 

Edmond  Tyllney  esquier  and  Mr  of  the  said  office  for 
money  by  hym  disbursed  and  allowance.  In  the  said 
office ;  viz. 

Inprimis  Layde  oute  unto  dyvers  paynters  for  ther 
workes  and  coullers  as  well  of  the  clothe  for  bowses  as 
also  for  garneshinge  of  the  branches,  in  the  hall,  at 
Twelftid  and  Shrovetid.  vij11. 

Itm  for  canvas  for  the  howse  T:  Tumblers  ;  Is. 

Itm  for  Fewell  bothe  for  the  rehersalls  of  playes  in  ye 
greate  hallT:  for  thearinge  of  the  robes  and  other  thingf 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  201 

in  the  office,  as  also  for  the  Mr  lodginge  T:  office,  at  the 
Courte,  during  the  said  service ;  vj11. 

Itm  for  lights  of  all  sortf,  linkf  and  torches  ;  iiju.  vj8. 

Itm  for  rushis  aswell  for  strawinge  of  the  greate  hall, 
at  Se  Johns  as  also  the  office  at  the  Courte  ;  xs. 

Itm  for  the  Mrs  greneclothe,  standishe,  Inke  paper  T;  a 
close  stoole  ;  iij11.  xs. 

Itm  for  botehyer  aswell  for  him  selfe  as  for  his  men, 
sentt  dyverse  tymes  in  the  service  of  the  office  from 
Grenewch  to  London  T:  for  cariage  of  the  stuffe  to  T: 
froe ;  xl8. 

xxixu.  xij8.  viijd. 

Daucey,  Porter  of  S*.  Jhons  gatte  for  Candells  T:  Ian-  The  Porter 
terne  duringe  the  rehersalls  ;  xs. 

Chardgis  of  the  office  growinge  at  sunddrie  tymes  by 
meanes  of  Ayringf,  mendinge,  brushinge,  spunging, 
layinge  up  and  salffe  kepinge  the  robes  °t  garment^  from 
tyme  to  tyme  wtbin  the  tyme  aforesaid  as  the  necessitie 
thereof  requirethe  to  kepe  ye  same  in  redines  for  her 
Mates  service  the  chardgis  whereof  as  well  for  wagis  as 
for  other  necessaris  hereafter  insuethe  ; 

dayes  s. 

Thomas  Clatterbouke : 20  xx 

John  Davis  at  the  leke  ;    20  xx 

John  Lucas ; 20  xx 

William  Hintt;      20  xx 

Willm  Phillipes ;   20  xx 

Willm  Cooke;    20  xx 

Roger  Chambers ;  20  xx 

John  Dancie,  porter  of  S*  Johns  ; 20  xx 

dayes.  li.        a. 

The  Mr  of  the  office  at  iiij8.  a  daye;   ...  20  iiij 

The  Clarkecontroler  at  ijs.  a  daye  ;     ...  20  xl 


202  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

daves  s. 

The  Clearke  at  ye  leke  rate;  20  xl 

The  Yeoman  at  the  leke  rate ;     20  xl 


Edward  Kerkham  yeoma  of  the  office  for  money  by 
him  layde  oute  in  the  said  ayringf,  viS,  threid,  rub- 
binge  brushes,  rushis  and  bromes  ;  x8. 

Sma  xviij11.  xs. 

Edmond  Tyllney  esquier  for  money  by  him  to  be  dis- 
bursed about  the  makinge  up  of  the  Accoutte  to  the  Au- 
ditor of  the  Imprest  T:  declaration  of  the  same  before  the 
Lord  Treasorer  T;  Sr  Water  Mildmey  ;  vnju- 

Sma  xxvj11.  xs. 


(frt/A  />.-23S~  ^*ys.—     "ZW^s*  ^,k^ 


*w*/  A  TZvu*^  *c^  &£:  s^-^fLji  s&^uJ2  *%^*u> 
ss&ldtz*  *tL*~  v^i+Sl^s  ^^^  z^^i^^  ^  ^^^-<u 


<z>/  Oz^U  /Vv6.  /z^&*  *^  ^Ctz^~  /■<&$  sl  A&* 


^1         i^^/^CU^^C^^        *y^-7£j^~fei     **-&y 


*_-v      ^C-»- 


^7^   -*&    C^^r     *£*'  ~^#G^  -^ 


*r 


c^^r  ^> 


L  *~~*   /6y  *~*^  *  ^^  7   #c3^  /&rfjr 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  203 


[BOOK  XTL] 

THE  REUELLS  BOOKE 
Ano  1605. 

The  Accompte  of  the  Office  of  the 

Reuelles  of  this  whole  yeres 

Charge  in  An0  1604 : 

untell  the  last  of 

Octobar  1605. 

The  Chardges  of  thos  times  viz.  betwine  the  last  of 
Octobar  1604  :  A°  RR.  Jacobi  iij°  untell  the  last  of  Oc- 
tobar 1605 :  As  welby  meanes  of  attending^  making 
choise  pusinge  and  reforminge  of  Playes  Showes  *\  In- 
ventions as  wear  prepared  T:  sett  forthe  and  presented 
before  the  kingf  matie  att  times  afforsayde  :  As  allso  for 
workmens  wages  The  Officers  bordwages  Jorneying 
Chardges  wares  workmenship  and  carredges  wh  other 
expences  thereunto  belonging,  Besides  ffuel  chandrey 
ware  for  the  Mrs  loding  for  the  Rehersalls  and  Ayringf 
wth  sutch  leike  ordinary  Allowaunces.  The  perticu- 
lars  whearof  together  wth  the  parties  names  to  whom  % 
whearfor  the  same  is  due  hearafter  ensueth  vi3 . 

ThePlaiers.  1605. 

By  the  kings      Hallamas  Day  being  the  first  of  Nouembar 
Mati8plaiers.  a  play  in  the  Banketinge  house  att  Whithall 
called  The  Moor  of  Venis. 

By  his  Ma"8       The   Sunday   ffollowinge    A   Play  of  the 
plaiers  Merry  wiueg  of  winsor. 


204  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

_     M  The  Poets  wch 

The  Players.  mayd  the  plaies< 

By  his  Ma*       On  S*.  Stiuens  Night  in  the  Hall  A  Play  shaxberd. 
Plaiers*  called  Mesur  for  Mesur. 

On  S*.  Jhons  Night  A  Maske  wth  musicke 
presented  by  the  Erl  of  Penbrok  the  Lord 
Willowbie  T:  6  Knights  more  of  ye  Court. 

By  his  Malis       On  Inosents  Night  The  Plaie  of  Errors.       Shaxberd. 
Plaiers. 

Bv  the  On  Sunday  ffollowinge  A   plaie  How   to 

Queens  Ma1*  iarne  0f  a  woman  to  wooe  Hewood. 

plaiers. 

The  Boves  of      On  Newers  Night  A  playe    cauled :    All  By  Georg 
theChapell.   Fouelles  Chapman 

By  his  Matis       Betwin   Newers  Day  and  Twelfe  day  A 
plaiers.  pky  of  Loueg  Lab0Urs  Lost. 

On  Twelfe  Night  The  Queens  Matis  Maske 
of  Moures  wh  Aleven  Laydies  of  honnor  to  ac- 
cupayney  her  matie  wch  cam  in  great  showes 
of  devises  wch  thay  satt  in  wth  exselent  mu- 
sike 

By  his  MaUs       On  the  7  of  January  was  played  the  play 
plaiers.  of  Henry  the  fift 

By  his  Ma"9       The  8  of  January  A  play  cauled  Euery  on 
plaiers.  out  of  his  Umor. 

By  his  Matis      On  Candelmas  night  A  playe  Euery  one  in 
Plaiers-  his  Umor 


The   Sunday  ffollowing  A  playe  provided 
and  discharged. 


By  his  Ma"      Gn  Shrousunday  A  play  of  the  Marchant  ShaxbSd?; 
pklerS-  ofVenis  1 

6  ka^r-^  ^ ( 


&*-*^.<* 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  205 

The  Plaiera.*  The  Poets  wch 

By  his  Matis       On  Shroumonday  A  Tragidye  of  The  Spa-  made  the  Plaies- 
Plaiers-  nisheMaz: 

By  his  Mat,s       On  Shroutusday  A  play  cauled  The  Mart-  Shaxberd. 
players.         chant  of  Venis  againe  comauded  by  the  Kings  J, 

Matie  Shsfctif-Z*^*- 


Peter  Wright  wierdrawer  askethe  Allowaunce  for 
Sundry  things  by  him  pvided  Wrought  and  brought  into 
ye  Office  wth  ye  wages  for  him  selfe  and  his  men  for 
theire  Attendances  : 

K,  s.  d. 

Imprimis  :    for    mendinge    of    ye    old 

Branches  for   a   playe  on  Hallomas 

Night    xxx 

For  iij11.  of  Ossidewe  att  ijs.  vjd.  ye  pound  vij     vj 

For  Cuttinge  of  it  att  ijs.  the  pound    ...  vj 

For  vj  candell  playts  att  iiijd.  a  pece  and 

vj  candellstikes  at  ijd.  the  pece    iij 

For  viij  greatt  Branches  to  holde  fiftin 

great  lights  apece  att  xls.  the  pece  ...  xvj 
For  viij  smaler  Branches  att  xs.  the  pece  iiij 
For  viij  round  playtf  to  kepe  ye  great 

branches  from  burninge  ye  Roufe  of  ye 

Chamber  att  iijs.  iiijd.  ye  pece xxvj   viij 

For  viij11.  of  Osidewe  att  ijs.  vjd.  and  for 

cutting  of  ye  Ossidewe  att  ijs.  ye  pound  xxxvj 

For  vj  Jacke  Cordes  to  hange  ye  Branches 

att  xvj d.  ye  pece vi:j 

For  xij11.  of  great  wier  to  lengthen  and 

mend  the  other  wiers xij 

For  huckes  and  pastbordf    ij     vj 

For  xij   Candelplaitf  and  xij  Candel- 

stickf ,...  vj 

,  ier  For  careinge  of  them  to  ye  Court  and 

parsells  and       back  againe  . , viij 

Wages. 


206  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.  s.  d. 

Alowed  to  vj  men  attending  the  servis 

at  Whithall  on  Hallomas  day  at  ij8. 

viijd.  ye  day  and  night xvj 

To  vj  men  on  Christmas  Eve  to  hange 

ye  branches  up  att  xvjd.  the  day  apece  viij 

To  vj  men  on  S*  Stivens  day  att  xvjd.  ye 

pece  viij 

To  vj  men  on  Sfc.  Johns  day  and  ye  night 

att  ijs.  viijd.  apece    xvj 

To  iiij  men  on  Childermas  day  and  night 

at  ijs.  viijd.  a  pece x  viij 

To  vj  men  ye  Sunday  followinge  att  ij8. 

viijd.  day  and  night  xvj 

To  vj  men  on  Newers  day  att  xvjd.  apece  viij 

To  vj  men  on  Twelfe  Eve,  and  Twelfe 

day    xvj 

To  iiij  men  on  Monday  and  Tuesday  fol- 
lowinge    x  viij 

To  v  men  on  Candelmas  Eve  to  hang  up 

ye  Branches  vj  viij 

To  v  men  on  Candelmas  for  the  day  and 

the  night  att  ij8.  viijd.  apece xiij  viij 

To  iiij   men   on   Shrovesunday  att  ij8. 

viijd.  ye  day  and  night x  viij 

To  iiij  men  on  Shrovemunday  att  xvjd. 

apece  ye  daye    v    iiij 

To  vj  men  on  Shrovetewsday  att  ij8. 

viijd.  the  day  and  night  apece xvj 

On   Ashwedensday   to  v  men   to  take 

downe  ye  branches    vj        xvj      ij 

Sma  xxxv       xiij    viij 

Stiuen  Baile :  In  place  of  Groieme  of  the  Revells  de- 
mandeth  Allowaunce  of  Wages  for  his  Attendaunce  du- 
ringe  the  tim  affour  allowed  att  xxd.  the  day  and  as 
mouche  by  night  vju.  xiij8.  iiijd. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  207 

li.       s.       d. 

Allso  he  askethe  allowaunce  for  Boothier  in 

Servis  of  ye  offic  att  Severall  times  '    vj   viij 

For  mendinge  the  formes  of  ye  Offic  and  nayles         ij 

For  a  locke  and  key  for  the  nether  dore  xij 

For  rushes  for  the  office x 

For  a  locke  key  stapell  huckf  and  hinges  for 

the  musike  house  att  ye  Court  vj 

For  Iue  and  Bayes viij 

For  xij  Eles  of  Canvas  for  the  Offic  of  the  Re- 

vells  for  the  Tiering  house    xv 

Sma  viij11.  xiiij3.  viijd. 

Richerd    Prescot   porter   of    Sfc.    Johns    de-  The  Porter 

maundeth  for  his  attendaunce  for  ye  Reher- 

sallf  and  Ayring^  as  hath  bin  allowed  to  ye 

former  porters  xijd.  the  day  for  60  dayes  in 

the  yeare     ". iij 

Furder  he  demaundeth  for  mendinge  the  locke 

of  the  backe  gatt   ij 

For  a  padlocke  and  boullt  for  ye  backe  gaitt  iij 

For  mending  the  locke  of  the  fouregatt  ij 

For  ij  keyes  for  the  same  gayt , iij 

For  turning  the  stones  att  the  cuming  into 

ye  gaitt  to  a  Mason    , xvj 

For  the  pavinge  the  Gaitt xij 

For  mending  the  wicket iij  iiij 

For  iij  lodes  of  Gravell ij     vj 

Sma  lxxviij3. 

Edmond  Tillney  Mr  of  the  Revells  demandeth  for  his  The  Mr  of 
Bourd  Wages  T;  his  ordenary  Allowaunces  of  Fuell  %  tbe  Revells. 
Lightf  for  the  servis  of  the  Offic  1  for  his  own  Lodginge 
as  hathe  bin  heartofore  allowed  as  allso  for  his  gren- 
clothe  and  money  disbursed  otherwise  by  him  sence  the 
last  years  accompt 


208  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

The  Mr  of  ye       Edmond  Tillney  Mr  of  the  Revells  demandeth  for  his 
ReveJs  0wne  Attendaunce  %  for  4  men  from  ye  last  of  October 

1604  untill  Ashwedensday  next  following  as  well  for  the 
Rehersalls  T:  making  choyse  of  playes  %  showes  %  re- 
formyng  of  them  :  As  allso  for  his  other  attendaunces  for 
Maskes  T;  Devises  wch  wear  presented  before  the  king  T: 
Queens  Matie  by  the  space  of  104  dayes  T:  xvijtn  nightf 
together  wth  iij  dayes  att  Triumphe  att  Tilt  amountinge 
in  all  to  124  dayes  and  nights  himselfe  att  iiijs.  T:  his  4 
men  att  xijd.  apece  per  Diem  %  as  mouch  by  night :  And 
allso  for  the  wages  of  himselfe  T:  his  iiij  men  att  the 
same  rayt  attendinge  xxtie  dayes  in  the  Somer  time 
aboute  ye  Ayringf  and  repayringe  of  the  Robes  Garment^ 
T:  Stafes  wthin  the  office  cumeth  to  lvij11.  xijs. 

Layde  out  by  the  Mr  to  the  Prive  Seall  T:  Officers  of 
the  Recept  att  2  severall  times  iiij11.  xs. 

Layde  out  for  ordenary  Allowaunce  of  fuell  for  ye 
Mrs  lodging  to  be  used  att  rehersalls  T:  the  ayring  of  the 
Robes  ^  Stufes  in  ye  Offic  vij11.  xs. 

Layde  out  for  Chandry  ware  for  Tortches  and  Lights 
used  att  Rehersalls  %  for  ye  Mr  lodings  iij11.  xs. 

Layd  out  for  Boothier  %  other  chardges  att  divers  times 
beinge  sent  for  to  ye  Court  for  ye  servis  of  ye  Offic   xxxs. 

Dewe  unto  ye  Mr  for  his  ordenary  Allowaunce  for  his 
Grenclothe  and  standishe  iij11. 

To  be  payed  unto  the  Auditor  of  the  Imprest  for  his 
Travell  1  paines  of  himselfe  %  his  Clark^  in  taking  of 
the  Accoumpt  and  for  the  Ingrosing  of  it  into  partchment 
and  declaring  the  same  accompt  before  ye  LordThresorer 
T:  Chancelor  of  the  Excheker  as  in  fourmer  Accomptf 
hath  bin  allowed  v11. 

Sma  iiij  ij11.  xija. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  209 

Edmond  Pagenham  Clark  Coptroler  of  his  Mati3  Re-  The  Clerk 
vellf  demandeth  Allowaunce  for  Board  wages  for  his  diet  ComPtroller 
as  hathe  bin  accustomed  in  former  times  for  his  atten- 
daunce  1  thoes  other  wch  he  imployeth  in  the  ordenary 
servis  of  the  Kings  Matie  att  Hallomas,  Christmas,  Can- 
delmas  %  Shrovtide  :  As  allso  uppon  other  times  of  seve- 
rall  servesses  And  allso  for  the  Ayringf  of  the  Robes, 
Garments  %  Stufes  wch  remayneth  in  ye  Office  wthin  the 
whole  yeare  cumeth  xi\ju-  vjs*  viijd. 

William   Honyng  :  Clark  of  the  Revells  demandeth  Clark  of  the 
the  like  Allowaunce  for  his  Attendaunce  for  his  Bourd-  Revells- 
wages  %  other  Charges  as  hathe  bin  accustomed  during 
ye  time  affore^ayd.  xiij11.  vj8.  viijd. 

Furdermore  he  demandeth  as  he  is  Clark  of  the  Re- 
vellf  for  a  Grenclothe  deske  paper  %  Incke  to  take  ye 
Billes  And  to  make  up  the  Bookes  for  ye  Auditor  And  ye 
ledger  booke  for  ye  Offic  iiju.  vj3.  viij8. 

Edward  Kirkham  Yeoman  of  the  Revellf  demandeth  Yeomaa  of 
allso  the  leke  Allowaunce  for  his  Board  wages  %  Atten-  the  Revells. 
daunces  duringe  the  sayd  servisses  as  hathe  bin  allowed 

xiiju.  vj8.  viijd. 

Moreover  he  demandethe  for  things  layd  out  for  Thred, 

Tape,  And  Workmanship  of  shoes  garments  wch  weare 

sent  to  Oxford  att  the  king^  Maties  being  ther  xxs. 

Sum  total  of  the  Emptions  pvitions,  Carreinges 

Wages  1  Attendaunces  of  this  yeare  An0 

1605  clxxv11.  v8.  ijd. 

Ed:  Tyllney  W™.  Honyng 

Ed;  Pakenham  Edward  Kirkham 


210  EXTEACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 


[BOOK   XIII.] 

The  Booke  of  the  Reuells 

Ending  the  last  day  of  October 
An°  Dom  :  1612. 

The  Chardges  of  those  times  viz  Betwene  the  last  of 
October  1611  Ann0  Reg  Regis  Jacobij  Nono  untill  the 
first  of  Novembar  1612  As  welby  by  meanes  of  the  at- 
tendingf  makinge  choyse  pusing  and  reforminge  of 
Playes  %  Inventions,  as  was  presented  and  set  forthe  be- 
fore ye  Kingf  Matie  in  times  affbrsayd  :  As  allso  for  work- 
mens  wages,  The  Officers  Bord  wages,  wares,  workman- 
ship, carredges,  and  other  Expences  therto  belonging : 
As  Fuel  and  Chandrieware  for  the  Master,  T:  for  the 
Office,  for  Rehersallf  and  Ayring  of  Stufe  and  Garment^ 
wth  such  leike  ordenarie  Allowaunces  as  hathe  bin  ac- 
coustomed  heartofore  allowed.  The  pticuler  whearof 
with  the  parties  names  to  whome,  T:  wherfore  ye  same  is 
dewe  unto  hearafter  foloweth. 

The  Names  of  the  Playes  and  by  what  Cumpaney 
played  them  hearafter  followethe ;  As  allso  what  Maskes 
and  Triumphes  att  the  Tilte  were  presented  before  the 
Kingf  Matie  in  this  year  1612. 

By  the  Kings       Hallomas  nyght  was  presented  att  Whithall  before  ye 
Players  :         Kingf  Matie  a  play  called  the  Tempest. 

The  Kings  The  5th  of  Nouember ;  A  play  called  ye  winters  nightf 

players :  Tayle. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  211 

On  Sfc  Stiuenes  night  A  play  called  A  King  %  no  King  The  Kings 
%  Ruing  at  y*  Ring.  players : 

S*  John  night  A  play  called  the  City  Gallant  The  Queens 

players : 

The  Sunday  followinge  A  play  called  the  Alcnanak       The  Princes 

players 

On  Neweres  night  A  play  called  the  Twines  Tragedie  The  Kings 
and  Ruing  att  the  Ring  players. 

The  Sunday  following  A  play  called  Cupids  Reueng      The  Chil- 

dern  of 
Whitfriars 

Twelfe  night  The  princes  Mask  performed  by  Gentel-  This  day 

anen  of  his  High—  the  King  and 

Prince  wth 
diuer  of  his 
Nobelmen 
did  run  att 
ye  Ring  for  a 
prize. 
The  Sunday  followinge  att  Grinwidg  before  the  Queen  gy  tne 

and  the  Prince  was  playd  the  Siluer  Aiedg :    and   ye  Queens 

next  night  following  Lucrecia.  th^ffin^ 

Men. 

Candelmas  night  A  play  called  Tu  Coque.  gy  tne 

Queens 
players. 

Shroue  Sunday  :  A  play  called  The  Noblman.  gy  the 

Kings 
players. 

Shroue  Munday.:  A  play  called  Himens  Haliday  By  the 

Duck  of 
Yorks 
players. 

'Shroue  Teuesday  A  play  called   the   proud  Mayds  gy  tne 

Tragedie  Ladye  Eli- 

zabeths 
players 
On  the  24*1  day  of  Marche  beinge  the  Kings  Mates 

day  of  his  Entrie  to  the  Croune  of  England  was  per- 
formed at  ye  Tilt  A  Triumphe 

p  2 


212  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

A  Noat  of  what  stufe  wth  workmanshipe  hath  bine  be- 
stowed one  the  Branches  for  the  Kingf  Maties  Servis  this 
yeare  beginning  the  vth  of  November  1611  :  by  Richard 
Wier-  Franckellen  and  Robert  Wright  wth  other  Sarvants  in 

drawers  Bill  whithall  and  the  Bancketting  house  as  followeth  : 
For  our  selues  6  dayes  apece  in  mending  the 
Branches  T:  garnishing  them  att  xxd.  the 

li.        s.  d. 

day  apece    , 1 

Ite.  6  men  6  dayes  T:  one  night  apece  in  mend- 
ing and  garneshing  the  Branches  att  18d. 
the  day  %  as  mouch  by  night  apece 3     3 

Ite  6  men  on  S*  Stiuens  day  T:  night  attending 
the  Sarvis  apece  at  18d.  the  day  T;  as  mouch 
by  night 18 

Ite  our  selues  one  S*  Johns  day  and  night  att 

xxd.  apece  aday  and  as  mouche  by  night...  6 

Workman-     Ite  one  S*  Johns  day  for  4  men  day  and  ye 
ship  and  At-       night  att  3s.  a  pece    12 

Ite  for  our  selues  one  Sunday  following  attend- 
ing the  Sarvis  for  the  day  T:  night  att  3s.  4d. 
a  pece 6     8 

For  4  men  the  same  day  and  night  att  3s.  the 

pece     12 

Ite  our  selues  5  dayes  T;  one  night  apece  in 
mending  ye  Branches  aganiest  newers  day 
T;  attending  the  Sarvis  att  Is.  8d.  apece  ...     1 

Ite  4  men  5  days  1  night  apece  in  mending 
the  Branches  and  attending  att  18d.  the  day 
1  18d.  ye  night  apece 1   16 

Ite  6  men  on  Twelfth  day  and  night  att  3s. 

ye  day  l  night  apece 18 

Ite  our  selues  on  Candelmas  day  T:  ye  night 

att  3s.  4d.  apece 6     8 

For  4  men  the  same  day  T:  night  att  33.  the 

pece     ..., 12 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT. 

.  ]i-     »• 

Ite  6  men  for  mending  and  garnishing  the 

Branches  against  Shrousunday  for  3  dayes 

apece  att  18s.  aday  apece 1     7 

For  6  men  on  Shrovtewsday  for  ye  day  %  night 

att  3s.  yepece 18 

Ite  our  selues  on  Ashwensday  to  take  doune  ye 

Branches 

Ite  4  men  the  same  day  to  take  doune  ye 

Branches  at  l8d.  ye  pece    6 

14     5 

For  Twelue  newe  Branches  maied  of  doble 

whit  plat  of  the  largest  sort  at  xls.  the 

pece     24 

For  8  great  newe  wier  Rodf  for  hanging  up 

the  Branches  att  xs.  the  Rod    4 

Ite  38lb  of  great  wier  to  mend  the  ould  wier 

Rodf  and  hanging  the  Branches  att  xijd.  the 

pound 1  18 

Ite  16lb  of  Small  wier  for  ye  Branches  att 

xvjd,  ye  pound    1     1 

Ite  20lb  of  Assidew  cut  into  Tassells  %  Fringe 

for  the  Branches  att  3s.  6d.  the  pound 3  10 

Ite  8lb   of  Assidew  cut  very  small  for  the 

Branches  and  pendants  att  v8.  the  pound...     2 
Ite  for  9  doson  of  Staypells  to  strayne  the 

wiers  for  the  hanging  up  the  Branches  att 

ijs.  ye  dousen  18 

For  30  sliding  pipes  for  the  wiers  att  vjd.  ye 

pece 15 

For  10  dos  of  dobell  playtf  att  vj  the  dosoun      3 
For  6  dos  of  pendantf  for  the  Braunches  in  ye 

Bancketing  house  T;  the  hall  att  vj9.  ye  dose     116 
Item  8  new  pullyes  for  the  Branches  at  iiijd. 

ye  pece    2 


213 


3     4 


Wierdraers 
persels  and 
ware. 


214  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

li.        s 

Ite  6  dos  of  Candellplatf  at  3s.  ye  dos 18 

Ite  for  viijlb  of  Soder  to  mend  the  Branches 

at8d 5 

Ite  6  dos  of  kandelstickf  att  ij*.  the  dos 12 

Ite  4  dos  of  lardg  pastbordf  to  save  the  Col- 

loumes  in  the  Bancketinghouse  att  3s.  the 

dos  12 

It  earring  the  Branches  by  watter  T:  by  land 

to  Whithall  and  to  the  Bancketting  house  10 


46  10     4 


Stiuen  Bayle,  In  place  of  Grome  T:  Purvior  for  the 
Offic  of  the  Revellf  demandethe  Allouance  for  divers 
things  by  him  disbursed  T:  for  his  Attendaunc  of  his 
Servis  as  followethe 

H.        8.  d. 

The  Gromes  Imprimis  for  Cariadg  of  Chayres  Tabell  % 

biU  Stooles  from  the  Offic  to  Whithall    1     6 

For  to  Great  pannes  to  make  fier 2 

For  4  Earthen  pottf  T:  6  Erthen  Candelstikf? 

for  ye  players 1     9 

For  Ivy  Bayes  %  Nayles  Imployed  att  Seve- 

rall  times    2     3 

For  a  Musik  house  dore  in  the  hall  %  a  doore 

for  the  Musik  house  in  the  Bancketing  house 

wth  lockf 10 

For  my  boat  hier  imployed  divers  times  T:  car- 

reing  backe  ye  Stufe 6    6 

Allso  he  demandeth  as  he  hathe  bin  allowed 

for  his  Attendaunce  and  his  Sarvis  during 

the  holl  years  Sarvis  in  the  Offic  6  13     4 

7  17    4 

The  Yeo-  A  Note  of  Charges  layd  out  by  the  yeoman  of  his 

mans  bill.       Matis  Revellf?  viz. 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  215 

For  a  Cradell  of  Iron  for  his  Mati8  Servis  att 

.  ye  Court  att  sutch  times  as  playes  ar  per- 
formed before  his  Matie 3  10 

For  a  Courten  of  darnep  of  15  yardf  att  ijs. 
ye  yard  1  a  Curten  Rod 2 

For  a  Tabell,  2  Formes,  1  4  Stooles  for  ye  Re- 

hersalls  att  ye  Offic    1  10 

For  Andiorns  Tonges  1  fier  Shouell  for  ye 

Tiering  Chamber  12 

For  a  Courten  of  Taffatie  for  the  Musikhouse 

att  ye  Court    2  12 

For  Thred,  Cord,  packthred,  Brushes,  lantern 
fl  Boothier 1 

For  A  paynted  Clothe  T;  Worke  to  the  Mu- 
sike  house  and  a  property  used  att  the 
Court 1  10 


12     4 


The  Bill  of  the  M*  of  the  Reuells  from  1611  T:  1612. 

Sr  George  Buc,  knight  Mr  of  the  King?  Mates  Revellf 
demandeth  Allowance  for  him  selfe  %  his  4  men  from 
Allhollen  Eve  161 1  untill  *\  for  Ashwednesday  follow- 
ing being  the  space  of  118  days  and  for  20  nightf  as 
allso  for  14  dayes  for  his  Attendances  uppon  the  Run- 
ning att  the  Ring  and  att  the  Triumph  in  March  and 
for  20  dayes  in  the  Sumer  for  Ayring  the  Stufe  and 
other  sarvices  wch  cometh  to  (at  viij8.  p  die  %  totidem 
p  noct  69u.  4*. 

Ite  the  Mr  demandethe  Allowance  as  hath  bin  accus- 
tomed for  Fewell  as  well  for  his  own  lodging  as  for  ye 
Ayringf  of  the  stufe  %  for  ye  Rehersallf  of  ye  playes  811. 

Ite  the  sayd  Mr  asketh  for  Allowaunce  for  Lightf, 
Torches  and  Chandrey  War  for  the  Sarvis  aboue  sayd  as 
hathe  ben  accustomed  Su. 


216  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF 

Ite  the  Mr  demandeth  Allowance  for  a  grencloth  for 
a  Standish  paper  1  Inck  as  hath  bin  allowed     311.  6".  8d„ 

He  demandeth  Allowance  for  Botehier  T:  other  charges 
of  Attendance  att  Grenwich  during  the  Abode  of  the 
Duke  of  Bulion  T;  other  Imbassadors  in  ye  Sumer 

I".  1(K 

Ite  the  sayd  Mr  asketh  allowance  of  51*..  for  ye  Auditor 
of  the  Imprest  5lK 

Layd  out  by  the  sayd  Mr  unto  the  Clark  f  of  his  Maties 
priue  Seal  T:  Signet  for  his  Matis  Warrant       I11.  13s.  4*. 

Ite  to  Mr  Bingley  for  his  Certificat  1  to  his  Clark    lu. 

Ite  to  M*  Bingley  for  the  Order  0*. 

Ite  to  his  Clarke  10s. 

Ite  to  Mr  Warder  for  Entring  the  Orderf  10s. 

Ite  to  Sr  Willm  Bowier  for  ye  Recept  of  ye  Money  %  to 
his  Clarke  16s. 

Ite  the  sayd  Mr  demandeth e  Allowance  for  rent  of 
his  house  wch  the  Auditors  hathe  warrant  for  30u. 

124".  3*.  4d. 

Allexander  Stafford  Clark  comptroler  of  his  Matis 
Revellf  demandeth  Allowance  for  his  Bordwages  %  diet 
as  hath  accustomed  and  his  Attendance  ~t  those  wch  he 
imployed  in  ye  ordinarie  Sarvis  of  the  Kingf  Matie  from 
Hallomas  untill  Ashwednesday  as  allso  for  other  extra- 
ordinarie  attendances  att  ye  Tilting  T:  Shoes  and  for  ye 
Ayringf  of  the  Stufe  %  garment^  in  the  Offic  wthin  this 
years  imployment  cumes  to  xuju«  vjs.  viij*. 

William  Honyng  Clark  of  his  Matis  Revellf  demandeth 
Allowance  for  his  Bordwages  *X  for  his  Attendance  wtb 
those  wch  he  imployed  in  ye  ordinarie  sarvis  of  lus  Matie 
from  Hallomas  till  Ashwednesday  1  other  Servises  wthin 
the  years  attendance  xiij11.  vj8.  viijd. 

Allso  he  demandeth  as  he  is  Clark  of  ye  Revellf  for  a 


THE  REVELS  AT  COURT.  217 

grencloth  paper  ynke  <\  other  things  therto  belonging 
as  his  predessessors  had  before  him  to  make  ye  Billf 
1  Bookf  for  ye  Auditor  T:  a  Ledger  booke  iiju.  vjs.  viijd. 
Willm  Honyng  Clark  of  ye  Revellf  demandethe  in 
this  Accoumpt  for  A  Rent  of  his  house  of  xv11.  a  year 
wch  he  was  dispossessed  of  in  S*  Johns  wch  the  Auditors 
hath  warrant  fro  the  Lord  Threseror  T;  the  Chancellor  of 
yc  Excheker  to  allowe  of  xv11. 

Edward  Kirkham  yeoman  of  his  Ma*8  Revellf  de- 
mandeth  the  leeke  allowance  for  his  Bordwages  *\  other 
Attendances  of  playes  and  Maskf  Tilting  %  Ayring  of 
the  Stufe  as  is  allowed  unto  ye  former  officers  aboue 
cumethe  unto  XUJU«  vjs.  viijd. 

All  so  Edward  Kirkham  yeoman  of  ye  Revellf  de- 
mandethe Allowance  of  a  Rent  for  his  house  of  xv11.  by 
year  to  be  passed  in  the  years  Accoumpt  wch  ther  is 
warrant  from  ye  lord  Thresseror  and  the  Chancellor  of 
the  Excheker  to  ye  Auditors  for  xvu. 

73K.  6s.  8d. 

Sma  Total  of  the  hole  Chargf  of  this  years  Ac- 

coumpte  ended  the  last  of  Octobar  1612  Truly 

examined  amounteth  unto  cciiij11.  vii8. 

G.  Buc.  Wm  Honyng 

A.  Stafford.  Edward  Kirkham. 


fy 


NOTE  S. 


D 


NOTES. 


Thomas  Gyles  for  mony  to  him  due,  &c,  p,  10.]  "  It  appears  from  the 
books  of  Sir  Thomas  Heneage,  Treasurer  of  the  Chamber  to  Queen  Eliza- 
beth from  1  Nov.,  1586  to  1  Nov.,  1587,  that  Thomas  Gyles  was  master  of 
the  children  of  St.  Paul's  School  at  that  time."  (Malone  Shak.  by  Boswell, 
iii.  368.)  "This  supposition  is  probably  mistaken.  Thomas  Gyles  Cor,  as 
he  spells  his  own  name,  Gylles)  was  a  person  whose  trade  it  was  to  let  out 
apparel  for  public  and  private  entertainments;  and  in  the  very  year  of  which 
we  are  now  speaking,  1571,  he  made  a  complaint  in  writing  to  Sir  William 
Cecill  (among  whose  papers  it  is  found),  that  the  Yeoman  of  the  Queen's 
Revels  injured  his  business  and  the  Queens  dresses  by  improperly,  and  for 
hire,  allowiug  them  to  be  taken  out  of  the  office  in  order  to  be  worn  at  mar- 
riages, banquets,  &c,  in  town  and  country."     (Collier's  Annals,  i.,  198). 

Narcissus  showen  on  Twelfe  day,  p.  13.]  "  A  play  with  this  name  is  men- 
tioned by  Heywood  in  his  '  Apology.' "  [Shak.  Reprint,  p.  56.)  "  Art  thou 
proud  our  scene  presents  thee  with  the  fall  of  Phaeton ;  Narcissus  pining 
in  the  love  of  his  shadow,"  &c. 

Heads  of  heare  drest  and  tymmed,  p.  18]  Let  me  mention  here  once 
for  all  that,  in  the  printing  of  these  accounts,  the  original  books  have  been 
followed  to  the  very  letter.  Errors,  such  as  tymmed  for  trymmed  correct 
themselves,  while  they  shew  the  general  inaccuracy  of  the  clerk-comptroller 
and  his  clerk. 

iij  pair  of  Buskins  for  Allphonse,  p.  22]  i.  e.  for  Alphonso  Ferrabosco. 

Petrucio  for  his  travell,  &c,  p.  23.]  That  is,  I  presume,  Petruccio  Ubal- 
dino,  a  Florentine,  who  was  in  the  receipt  of  a  yearly  fee  from  Queen  Eliza- 
beth of  forty  marks,  as  I  learn  from  the  accounts  of  the  Treasurer  of  the 
Chamber.     See  also  p.  140. 

The  Banketting  Howse  made  at  White  Hall  for  Thentertaynement  of  the 
seide  Duke,  p.  26]  The  Duke  de  Montmorency,  Paule  de  Foix,  and  Ber- 
trand  de  Saligners  arrived  in  this  country  as  ambassadors  M  about  the  ninth 
of  June,  1572."  In  Nicholl's  Progresses  mention  is  made  M  of  a  place  " 
for  the  duke's  entertainment,  "  all  breaded  and  deckt  with  flowers  of  the 
forrests,  and  also  covered  with  canvas  on  the  head." 


S22  NOTES. 

William  Hunnys  for  Rozes,  p.  28.]  This  is  not  the  poet,  I  believe,  but 
another  William  Hunnys,  who  was  "  Supervizor  and  Keper  of  the  greate 
gardens  and  orchardes  at  Greenwich,"  and  whose  name  occurs  very  fre- 
quently in  the  accounts  of  the  Treasurer  of  the  Chamber.  "  A  Hive  full 
of  Honey,"  and  "  A  Handfull  of  Honeysuckles"  (the  titles  of  two  of  Hunnys' 
works)  seem  to  savour,  however,  not  a  little  of  the  gardens  at  Greenwich. 
For  Mukesters  playe,  p.  34.]  i.  e.  Richard  Mulcaster,  the  master  of 
Merchant  Tailors'  School,  and  the  author  of  "  Positions  concerning  the 
training  up  of  Children."     4to.     1581. 

A  tree  of  holly  for  the  Dutton's  play,  p.  34.]  "  Dutton  was  at  the  head  of 
Lord  Warwick's  servants."     (Collier's  Annals,  vol.  i.,  p.  235.) 

A  desk  for  farrants  playe,  p.  35.]  Richard  Ferrant,  master  of  the  chil- 
dren of  Windsor. 

For  Eldertons  play,  p.  42.]  William  Elderton,  the  ballad-maker,  Delo- 
ney's  predecessor.     He  was  dead  in  1592. 

Percius  and  Anthomiris,  p.  68.]  "  Malone  conjectured  that  this  was  an 
ignorant  blunder  of  the  person  making  out  the  accounts  for  Andromeda, 
and  no  doubt  he  was  right."  (Collier's  Annuls  of  the  Stage,  vol.  i.,  p.  209.) 
See  p.  35  and  42. 

The  hall  at  Hampton  Coorte,  p.  70.]  The  hall  now  called  Cardinal  Wol- 
-sey's  Hall,  but  built  by  Henry  VIII.  after  the  death  of  the  great  cardinal 
The  Histoi-y  of  Phedrastus  and  Phigon  and  Lucia  together,  p.  87.]  "  This 
is  most  likely  the  same  piece  that,  in  the  account  of  the  Revels  of  the  pre- 
ceding year,  we  have  seen  named  P{r]edor  and  Lucia,  p.  51  ;  perhaps  neither 
was  the  correct  title  of  the  play."     (Collier's  Annals,  vol.  i.,  p.  235.) 

Wheare  my  L.  of  Leicesters  men  showed  theier  matter  of  panecia,  p.  87.] 
Query  Philemon  and  Philecia,  played  at  Hampton  Court  on  Shrove  Mun- 
<laye  night  by  the  Erie  of  Leicester's  men.     See  p.  68. 

To  John  Rosse  for  Long  boordes  for  the  stere  of  a  clowde,  p.  90,]  This  bill 
of  the  property- maker  is  of  the  utmost  importance  in  the  history  of  our  stage. 
I  may  mention  here  what  I  have  never  seen  mentioned  before,  that  the  first 
local  scene  known  to  have  been  brought  upon  the  stage  in  public  or  at  court, 
was  produced  on  the  performance  of  Carew's  masque,  "  Ccelum  Brit'anni- 
cum,  at  court,  on  the  18  th  Feb,,  1633.  "  In  the  lower  part,"  he  says,  "  was 
seen  afarre  off  the  prospect  of  Windsor  Castell,  the  famous  seat  of  the  most 
Honourable  Order  of  the  Garter."  "  The  Curtaine,"  Carew  tells  us, 
■**  was  watchet  and  a  pale  yellow  in  paines  which  flying  up  on  the  sudden, 
discovered  the  scene,  "  Among  the  Lansdowne  MSS.  (No.  1171)  are 
few  ground-plots,  or  profiles  of  scenes,  by  Inigo  Jones,  for  the  production 
of  masques  at  the  Masquing  House  at  Whitehall.  The  first  is  a  "  Pro- 
fyle  of  ye  scene  when  the  scene  doth  wholly  change  as  well  on  the  sides,  as 
•at  ye  backe  shutters,  and  when  the  side  peices  are  made  to  change  by  run- 


NOTES.  223 

wing  in  groves."  Pieces  of  clouds  were  made  to  come  down  from  the  roof 
before  the  upper  part  of  the  side  shutters ;  clouds  at  the  sides  and  clouds 
above  were  produced  to  make  one  sole  heaven ;  and  an  engine,  with  a 
capstan,  placed  under  the  stage  to  assist  the  deities  in  ascending  and  de- 
scending. The  second  is  a  "  Groundplot  of  a  scene  where  the  side  pieces 
of  the  scene  do  altogether  change  with  the  back  shutters."  These  changes 
were  four  several  times,  and  each  change  would  appear  to  have  run  in  a 
distinct  groove.  In  other  plans  are  bowes  for  the  nobility,  and  in  one  the 
situation  of  the  music  room  is  clear  enough  ;  viz.  at  the  side  of  the  stage. 

Sabastians  playe,  p.  95.]  That  is,  Sebastian  Westcott,  master  of  the 
children  of  Paul's. 

The  historie  of  Error,  p.  102.]  "  We  have  distinct  evidence  of  the  existence 
of  an  old  play  called  '  The  Historie  of  Error,'  which  was  acted  at  Hamp- 
ton Court  on  New  Year's  days,  1576-7-  The  same  play,  in  all  probability, 
was  repeated  at  Windsor  on  Twelfth-Night,  1582-3,  though,  in  the  ac- 
counts of  the  master  of  the  Revels,  it  is  called  "  The  Historie  of  Ferrar." 
(Collier's  Shak.,  vol.  ii.,  p.  109.) 

The  historye  of  the  Cenofalls,  p.  102.]  The  Cynocephali  were  a  nation 
of  India  having  the  head  of  a  dog.  See  Pliny,  and  Bulwer's  Artificiall 
Changling,  p.  17. — Boswell.  At  p.  110,  a  payment  occurs  of  ij«.  to 
"  The  Mowldeman  for  a  houndes  heade  mowlded  for  a  Cenofall." 

The  Historye  of  Titus  and  Gisippus,  p.  114.]  There  were  two  stories 
of  this  "  figure  of  perfect  friendship"  in  verse  before  the  play  acted  by  the 
children  of  Paul's,  one  by  William  Walter,  the  other  by  Edward  Lewicke. 
Mr.  Collier  conjectured  that  the  play  before  us  "  was  perhaps  con- 
structed of  these  materials,"  but  has  he  not  overlooked  the  fact  that 
there  was  an  old  acted  play  of  Titus  and  Gisippus,  by  Ralph  Radcliffe? 
See  Warton's  History,  by  Price,  vol.  iii.,  p.  213. 

A  Comodie  or  Morrall  devised  on  a  Game  of  the  Cards,  p.  176.]  "  Then 
for  comedies,  to  speake  of  a  London  comedie,  how  much  good  matter,  yea 
and  matter  of  state,  is  there  in  that  Comedie  cald  the  play  of  the  Cards? 
in  which  it  is  showed,  how  foure  Parasiticall  knaues  robbe  the  foure  prin- 
cipall  vocations  of  the  Real  me,  videl.  the  vocation  of  Souldiers,  Schollers, 
Marchants,  and  Husbandmen.  Of  which  Comedie  I  cannot  forget  the  say- 
ing of  a  notable  wise  counsellor  that  is  now  dead  (Sir  Fraunces  Walsing- 
hame*),  who  when  some  (to  sing  Placebo)  aduised  that  it  should  be  for- 
bidden, because  it  was  somewhat  too  plaine,  and  indeed  as  the  old  saying 
is  (sooth  boord  is  no  boord),  yet  he  would  haue  it  allowed,  adding  it  was 
fit  that  They  which  doe  thai  they  should  not,  should  heare  that  they  would 
not." — A  Brief  Apologie  of  Poetrie  by  Sir  John  Harrington  1591. 

*  Sir  Francis  died  in  April,  1590. 


224  NOTES. 

A  Historie  of  Loue  and  Fortune,  p.  176.]  Perhaps  "  The  Rare  Tri- 
umphs of  Love  and  Fortune,  Plaide  before  the  Queenes  most  excellent 
Majestie  4°.  1589,"  a  copy  of  which,  believed  to  be  unique,  is  among  the 
treasures  of  the  Bridgewater  library.  (See  Collier's  Annals,  vol.  i.,  p.  248, 
and  vol.  iii.,  p.  44.) 

A  Historie  of  Ferrar,  p.  177*]  Probably  an  interlude,  written  by  George 
Ferrers.  See  Warton's  Hist,  of  Poetry,  vol.  iii.,  p.  212,  and  p.  293. — 
BoswELL,iii.,  406.  "  Boswell  not  very  happily  conjectured  that  this  -  His- 
torie of  Ferrar'  was  some  piece,  by  George  Ferrers,  as  if  it  had  been  named 
after  its  author,  who  had  been  dead  some  years :  the  fact,  no  doubt,  is,  that 
the  clerk  who  prepared  the  account  merely  wrote  the  title  by  his  ear." — 
(Collier's  Shak.,  vol.  ii.,  p.  109.) 

A  Historie  of  Ariodante  and  Geneuora,  p.  177-]  "  Nobody  has  observed 
upon  the  important  fact,  in  connection  with  *  Much  Ado  about  Nothing,' 
that  a  '  History  of  Ariodante  and  Geneuora"  was  played  before  Queen 
Elizabeth,  by  •  Mulcaster's  children,'  in  1582-3.  How  far  Shakespeare 
might  be  indebted  to  this  production  we  cannot  at  all  determine  ;  but  it  is 
certain  that  the  serious  incidents  he  employed  in  his  comedy  had,  at  an 
early  date,  formed  the  subject  of  a  dramatic  representation." — (Collier's 
Shak.,  vol.  ii.,  p.  185.) 

Beinge  sente  for  to  the  Courte by  Letter  from  Mr  Secretary, p.  187]  Sir 
Francis  Walsingham.  "  Who  hath  not  heard  of  Sir  Francis  Walsingham, 
an  eminent  Councellour  in  Queen  Elizabeth's  Time,  famous  for  his  wisdom 
in  matters  of  State,  and  more  for  his  piety  in  advancing  the  Gospel  ?  yet 
this  was  the  man,  that  procured  the  Queen  to  entertain  Players  for  her 
Servants  ;  and  to  give  them  Wages,  as  in  a  just  vocation.  And  would  be 
ever  have  done  this,  being  so  religious  a  man,  if  he  had  thought  plays  to  be 
prophane;  being  so  great  a  statesman,  if  inconvenient  to  the  state?  And  now, 
methinks,  I  have  said  enough  in  defence  of  plays." — Theatrum  fiedivivum, 
or  the  Theatre  Vindicated,  fyc,  by  Sir  Richard  Baker.     12mo.     1662. 

The  Moor  of  Venis,  p.  203.]  Othello.  We  owe  to  Mr.  Collier  the  dis- 
covery of  an  earlier  notice  of  its  performance  than  this. 

Mesur  for  Mesur,  p.  204.]  "  Malone  conjectured,  from  certain  allusions, 
that  *  Measure  for  Measure '  was  written  in  1-603 ;  and,  if  we  suppose  it  to 
have  been  selected  for  performance  at  court  on  26th  Dec,  1604, on  account 
of  its  popularity  at  the  theatre  after  its  production,  his  supposition  will  re- 
ceive some  confirmation  ....  We  may  arrive  pretty  safely  at  the  conclu- 
sion that '  Measure  for  Measure'  was  written  either  at  the  close  of  1603,  or 
in  the  beginning  of  1604." — (Collier's  Shak.,  vol.  ii.,  p.  5.)  The  mention 
in  the  text  is  the  first,  as  vet  found,  of  Shakespeare's  "  Measure  for 
Measure." 

The  Plaie  of  Errors,  p.  204.]     As  "  The  Comedy  of  Errors"  is  in  Meres' 


NOTES.  225 

list  of  Shakespeare's  Plays,  this  notice  of  its  performance  at  court  is  of  no 
further  use  than  to  confute  Malone's  assertion  that  this  comedy  was  not 
revived  after  the  accession  of  the  Scottish  monarch.  It  was  not  only  re- 
vived, but  revived,  moreover,  at  court. 

How  to  lame  of  a  woman  to  wooe,  p.  204.]  Of  this  play,  by  Thomas 
Heywood,  we  know  nothing  bevond  this  casual  notice  of  its  performance  at 
court.     Heywood  was  the  most  prolific  playwright  of  his  age. 

The  Queens  MaUs  Maske  of  Moures,  p.  204.]  Jonson's  first  masque  at 
Whitehall  was  the  masque  of  Blackness.  The  queen,  it  appears,  gave 
Jonson  his  order  to  make  a  masque  of  Moors,  and  the  poet  brought  the 
Nigritse  of  Ptolemy  and  Solinus  into  his  invention.  The  short  account  of 
the  masque  by  the  clerk  of  the  Revels  offers  a  curious  contrast  to  Jonson's 
own  delightful  description. 

Euery  one  in  his  Umor,  p.  204.] 

This  Comoedie  was  first 
Acted,  in  the  yeere 
1598. 
By  the  then  L.  Chamberlayne 
his  Seruants. 
The  principall  Comaedians  were. 
Will  Shakespeare  Ric.  Bvrbadge 

Avg.  Philips  Ioh.  Hemings 

Hen.  Condel  Tho.  Pope 

Will.  Slye  Chr.  Beeston 

Will.  Kempe  Ioh.  Dvke. 

With  the  allowance  of  the  Master  of  Revells. 

Euery  on  out  of  his  Umor  p.  204.] 

This  Comicall  Satyre  was  first 

acted  in  the  yeere 

1599. 

By  the  then  Lord  Chamberlaine 

his  Seruants. 

The  principall  Comcedians  were, 


Ric.  Bvrbage 
Avg.  Philips 
Wil.  Sly 


Ioh.  Hemings 
Hen.  Condel. 
Tho.  Pope 


With  the  allowance  of  the  Master  of  Revels. 

The  Tempest,  p.  210.]  •«  Hallowmas  nyght  1611"  was  the  1st  of  Novem- 
ber, 1611 ;  and  as  it  was  the  custom  of  the  age  not  to  produce  a  play  at 
court,  "  for  his  Ma**  Regal  disport  and  recreation,"  before  it  had  been 
stamped  with  public  approbation  on  a  public  stage,  "  The  Tempest "  was 

Q 


NOTES. 

in  all  likelihood  first  produced  at  the  Globe,  in  the  summer  of  1611.  If  this 
is  correct,  what  becomes  of  Mr.  Hunter's  position,  maintained  with  so  much 
ingenuity  and  learning,  that  "The  Tempest"  of  1611  was  the  "  Loves 
Labours  Won,"  mentioned  as  Shakespeare's  by  Meres,  in  1598.  Every 
fresh  discovery  of  a  fact  about  Shakespeare's  plays  proves  that  he  was 
distinguished  earlier,  and  retired  earlier,  than  his  commentators  and  bio- 
graphers have  been  hitherto  willing  to  allow. 

The  Winters  Nights  Tayle,  p.  210.]  On  the  19th  of  August,  1623,  Sir 
Henry  Herbert  allowed  afresh,  without  a  fee,  "  An  olde  playe  called  Win- 
ter's Tale,  formerly  allowed  of  by  Sir  George  Bucke,  and  likewyse  by  mee 
on  Mr.  Hemmings  his  worde  that  there  was  nothing  profane  added  or  re- 
formed, though  the  allowed  booke  was  missinge." — Malone's  Shak.  by  Bos. 
iii.,  229.  Now,  as  Tylney,  Buc's  predecessor  in  office,  died  in  October, 
1610,  "  The  Winter's  Tale  "  must,  without  question,  be  assigned  to  some 
period  subsequent  to  the  date  of  Tylney's  death.  Dr.  Forman,  by  Mr.  Col- 
lier's shewing,  saw  "  The  Winter's  Tale"  played  at  the  Globe,  on  the  15th 
May,  1611  ;  and  we  now  know  that  it  was  played  at  court  on  the  5th  No- 
vember, 1611. 

A  play  called  Cupids  Reueng,  p.  211.]  By  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  and 
hitherto  said  to  have  been  first  acted  in  1613. 

The  City  Gallant.— Tu  Coque,  p.  211.]  "  Greene's  Tu  Quoque,  or  the 
Cittie  Gallant,  As  it  hath  beene  divers  times  acted  by  the  Queenes  Ma- 
jesties Servants,  Written  by  Jo.  Cooke,  Gent."  4to.  1614.  Mr.  Collier, 
in  a  note  in  his  edition  of  "  Dodsley's  Old  Plays,"  threw  out  a  conjecture 
that  this  play,  when  originally  produced,  had  some  other  title,  until  the  ex- 
cellence of  Green's  performance,  and  his  mode  of  delivering  Tu  Quoque, 
gave  it  his  name.  "  It  could  scarcely  be  brought  out,"  he  adds,  "  in  the 
first  instance,  under  the  appellation  of  '  Green's  Tu  Quoque,'  before  it  was 
known  how  it  would  succeed,  and  how  his  acting  would  tell  in  the  part  of 
Bubble."  That  "  Tu  Quoque  "  was  first  known  as  «  The  City  Gallant," 
this  account  of  Buc's  proves  beyond  question. 

The  Siluer  Aiedg:  and  yenext  night  following  Lucrecia,  p.  211.]  "The 
Silver  Age"  is  by  Thomas  Heywood,  who  was  also  author  of  a  play  called 
"  The  Rape  of  Lucrece,"  of  which  Mr.  Collier  mentions  an  edition  in  1608. 

Himens  Haliday,  p.  211.]  "  Hymen's  Holiday,  or  Cupid's  Vagaries," 
"  an  old  play  of  Rowley's,"  was  acted  before  the  king  and  queen,  on  the 
16th  December,  1633,  and  «•  liked,"  as  Sir  Henry  Herbert  tells  us. 

The  proud  Mayds  Tragedie,  p.  211.]    See  Introduction,  p.  xl. 


NAMES  OF  PLAYS. 


W 


NAMES  OF  PLAYS  MENTIONED  IN  THIS  BOOK. 


Lady  Barbara 

PAGE 

.     13 

Effiginia 

.    ib. 

Aiax  and  Ulisses      .         .  . 

.    ib. 

Narcissus 

.    ib. 

Cloridon  and  Radiamanta 

.    ib. 

Paris  &  Vienna 

.     ib. 

The  Play  of  Cariclia*       . 

.     34 

Maske  of  Janus 

.    35 

Play  of  Fortune 

.    36 

Predor  &  Lucia 

.     51 

Alkmeon 

.     ib. 

Mamillia 

.    ib. 

Truth,  ffaythfulnesse  &  Mercye  ib. 
Herpetulus  the  blew  knighte  .  ib. 
Quint  ffabi  ....  ib. 
The  Foresters  Mask  .  .  53 
The  Hunters  Mask  .         .     59 

Tiraoclia  at  the  Sege  of  Thebes 

by  Alexander  .  .  .62 
Philemon  &  Philecia  .  .  68 
Percius  &  Anthorairis  .  .  ib. 
Phedrastus  &  Phigon  .  .  87 
Lucia  ....     ib. 

A  matter  of  Panecia  (Philecia  ?)  ib. 
The  Pedlers  Mask   .  ib.  and  89 

A  matter  called  Pretestus  .  ib. 
The  Paynters  daughter  .  .  101 
Toolie  .  .  .  .  .  102 
The  historie  of  the  Collyer  .  ib. 
The  historie  of  Error  .  102,  177 
The  historye  of  Mutius  Sceuola  102 
The  historye  of  the  Cenofalles  ib. 
The  Historie   of  the  Solitarie 

Knight  .  .  .  .114 
The  Irisshe  Knyght  .         .     ib. 

The  Historye  of  Titus  &  Gisip- 

pus ib. 


PAGE 

The  play  of  Cut  well  .  .120 
An  Inventyon  or  playe  of  the 

three  Systers  of  Mantua  .  125 
An  history  of  the  Creweltie  of  a 

Stepmother  .        .         .     ib. 

A  Morrall  of  the  marryage  of 

Mynde  and  Measure  .  .  ib. 
A   Pastorell  or  historie   of   a 

Greeke  Maide  .  .  .  ib. 
The  historie  of  the  Rape  of  the 

second  Helene  ...  .  ib. 
A   Maske   of  Amasones   &  a 

Maske  of  Knights  A  Doble 

Maske         .        .  ib.,  135 

The  history  of  the  Knight  in  the 

Burnyng  Rock  .  .  .  142 
The  historye  of  Loyaltie  and 

bewtie  ....     ib. 

The  history  of  murderousMichael  143 
A  History  of  the  Duke  of  Mil- 

layn  and  the  Marques  of  Man- 
tua        154 

A  history  of  Alucius  .  .  ib. 
A  History  of  the  foure  sonnes 

of  Fabyous  .         .        .     ib. 

The  History  of  Cipio  African  .  155 
The  history  of  Portio  and  De- 

morantes  ....  ib. 
The  History  of  the  Soldau  and 

the  Duke  of .         .        .    ib. 

The  History  of  Serpedon  .    ib. 

A  Comodie  called  delighte  .  1 67 
A  storie  of  Pompey  .         .    ib. 

A  Comodie  or  Morrall  devised 

on  a  Game  of  the  Cards  .176 
A  Comodie  of  Bewtie  and  hus- 

wyfery  .         .         .         .    ib. 


*  Theagines  &  Chariclea. 


228 

NOTES. 

] 

'AGE 

PAGE 

A  Historie  of  Love  and  For- 

The Twines  Tragedie 

.       ib. 

tune     

176 

Cupids  Reueng 

.       ib. 

A  Maske  of  Ladies 

177 

The  Siluer  Aiedg 

.       ib. 

A  Historie  of  Ferrar  [Error  ?]  . 

ib. 

Tu  Coque,  or  the  City  Gallant     ib. 

A  historie  of  Telomo 

ib. 

The  Noblman 

.       ib. 

A  Historie  of  Ariodante  and  Ge- 

Himens  Haliday 

.       ib. 

neuora          . 

ib. 

The  proud  Mayds  Traged 

ie     .     ib. 

A  Maske  of  Sixe  Seamen 

A  pastorall  of  Phillyda  &  Chory  n 

178 

188 

The  Masque  of  Oberon     . 

.    viii 

The  history  of  Agamemnon  & 

The  Royal  Slave      . 

xxiv,  xxv 

CJlisses          . 

ib. 

Arviragus 

.     ib. 

The  history  of  Felix  &  Philib- 

The  Silent  Woman 

xxiv 

mena 

189 

Alfonso    .... 

.     ib. 

An  Invention  called  Fy  ve  playes 

The  Coxcombe 

.     ib. 

in  one           .... 

ib. 

Beggers  Bush 

.     ib. 

An  Invention  of  three  playes  in 

The  Maides  Tragedie 

.     ib. 

one 

ib. 

The  Loyall  Subject 

.  xxv 

The  Moor  of  Venis  [Othello]    . 

203 

The  Moore  of  Venice 

.  ib. 

The  Merry  Wiues  of  Winsor    . 

ib. 

Loues  Pilgrimage 

.  ib. 

Mesur  for  Mesur 

204 

Love  and  Honor 

.  ib. 

The  Plaie  of  Errors 

ib. 

The  Elder  Brother  . 

.  ib. 

How  to  lame  of  a  Woman  to 

King  and  No  King  . 

.  ib. 

Wooe 

ib. 

Rollo 

.  ib. 

AUFouelles     . 

ib. 

Hamlet    . 

.  ib. 

Loues  Labours  Lost 

ib. 

Caesar 

.  ib. 

Maske  of  Moures 

ib. 

Wife  for  a  Month    . 

.  ib. 

Henry  the  fift           . 

ib. 

The  Governor 

.  ib. 

Euery  on  out  of  his  Umor 

ib. 

Philaster 

.  ib. 

Euery  one  in  his  Umor 

ib. 

The  prowde  Mayde 

.     xl 

The  Marchant  of  Venis    .  204 

,205 

Eastward  Hoe 

.  xliv 

The  Spanish  Maz     . 

205 

The  Dutch  Courtezan 

.     ib. 

The  Tempest 

210 

Bartholomew  Fair    . 

.     ib. 

Winters  Nights  Tayle 

ib. 

Twelfth  Night 

.  xlv 

A  King  &  No  King 

211 

Winters  Tale  . 

.  ib. 

The  Almanak  . 

ib. 

Merry  Devil  of  Edmontor 

i         .     ib. 

THE 

END. 

LONDON : 

F.  SHOBERL,  JDN,  51,  RUPERT  STREET,  HAYMARKET, 

PRINTER  TO  H.  R.  H.  PRINCE  ALBERT. 


'QStf,y 


85 


mm--.? 


