Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on Hbrary shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http : //books . google . com/| 



^ 



THE TUDOR 
TRANSLATIONS 



EDITED BY 



W. E. HENLEY 



XVI 



THE HISTORY OF 

DON QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 

TRANSLATED FROM THE SPANISH 
OF MIGUEL DE CERVANTES BY 

THOMAS SHELTON 

ANNIS I6l2, 1620 

With Introductions by 
JAMES FITZMAUKICE-KELLY 




L O N I) O N 

Published by DAVID NUTT 
IN THE STRAND 

1S911 



>i<jia^t9 



6319 
V.4 



Idinbwgh : T. mod A. CONtTABLB, Printen to Her Majetty 




V 



ISRIT^ 



A SUMMARY TABLE 

of that, which this second part of the famous 

History of the valourous Don Quixote de 

la Mancha doth containe — continued. 

CHAPTER XXXVI 

PAGE 

Of the strange and unimagined Adventure of the afRicted Matron^ 
alias, the Countecwe Trifaldi, with a letter that Saucho Pansa 
wrote to hie wife Teresa Pansa^ .1 

CHAPTER XXXVII 
Of the Prosecution of the £unou8 Adventure of the Afflicted Matron^ 7 

CHAPTER XXXVIII 
The Afflicted Matron recounts her ill Errantry, . .9 

CHAPTER XXXIX 

Where the Trifaldi prosecutes her stupendious and memorable 
History, .16 

CHAPTER XL 

Of matters that touch and pertain to this Adventure, and most 
memorable History^ . .18 

CHAPTER XLI 
Of ClavilenoB arriyall, with the end of this dilated Adventure, . 23 

CHAPTER XLII 

Of the advice that Don Quixote gave Sancho Pansa, before hee 
should goe to goveme the Iland, with other matter well 
digested, .34 

• « 

Vll 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER XLIII 

PAGE 

Of the second advice that Don Quixote gave Sancho Pansa^ . 39 

CHAPTER XLIV 

How Sancho Pansa was carried to his Government, and of the 

strange Adventure that befel Don Quixote in the Castle, . 45 

CHAPTER XLV 

How the Grand Sancho Pansa tooke possession of his Hand, and 

the manner of his beginning to goveme, . . .55 

CHAPTER XLVI 

Of the feareful Low-Bell-Cally horror that Don Quixote received 

in Processe of his Love, by the enamor'd Altisidora, . . 62 

CHAPTER XLVII 
How Sancho demeaned himselfe in his Government, 67 

CHAPTER XLVIII 

What hapned to Don Quixote with Donna Rodriguez, the 
Duchesses waiting-woman ; with other successes, worthy to 
be written^ and had in eternall remembrance, . . 76 

CHAPTER XLIX 

What hapned to Sancho in walking the Round in his Iland, 84 

CHAPTER L 

Where is declared, who were the Enchanters and Executioners, 
that whipped the Matron, pincht and scracht Don Quixote, 
with the successe the Page had that carried the Letter to 
Teresa Pansa, Sancho's wife, . . . . .95 

CHAPTER LI 

Of Sancho's proceeding in his Government, with other successes, 

as good as Touch, ...... 104 

CHAPTER LII 

The Adventure of the second Afliicted or straightned Matron, 

aiia9, Donna Rodriguez, . . . .113 

• • • 

Vlll 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER LIU 

PiWSB 

Of the troublesome end and up-shot that Sancho Pansa's Govern- 
ment had^ ....... 120 

CHAPTER LIV 
That treats of matters concerning this History^ and no other^ . 126 

CHAPTER LV 

Of matters that befell Sancho by the way^ and others the best in 
the world^ ....... 134 

CHAPTER LVI 

Of the unmercifull and never scene battell that passed betweene 
Don Quixote and the Lackey Tosilos^ in defence of the 
Matron Donna Rodriguez Daughter^ .... 142 

CHAPTER LVII 

How Don Quixote tooke his leave of the Duke^ and what be- 
fell him with the witty wanton Altisidora^ the Duchesses 
Damozell^ ....... 147 

CHAPTER LVIII 

Of Adventures that came so thicke and threefold on Don Quixote^ 
that they give no respit one to the other^ . . 151 

CHAPTER LIX 

Of an extraordinary accident that befell Don Quixote^ which may 
be held for an Adventure^ ..... 162 

CHAPTER LX 
What happened to Don Quixote going to Barselona^ . 170 

CHAPTER LXI 

Wliat hapned to Don Quixote at his entrance into Barselona^ with 

other events more true^ then witty^ .... 183 

CHAPTER LXII 

The Adventure of the Enchanted head^ with other flim-flams that 
must be recounted^ ...... 186 

ix 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER LXIII 



PAGE 



Of the ill chance that befell Sancho at his seeing the Gallies^ with 
the strange Adventure of the Morisca, . 196 

CHAPTER LXIV 

Of an Adventure that most perplext Don Quixote, of any that 
hitherto befell him, ...... 207 

CHAPTER LXV 

Who the Knight of the White Moone was, with Don Gregorio's 
liberty, and other passages, ..... 212 

CHAPTER LXVI 

That treats of what the Reader shall see, and hee that hearkens 
heare, ........ 217 

CHAPTER LXVII 

Of the resolution Don Quixote had to tume Shepheard, and to 
lead a Country life, whilest the promise for his yeere was 
expired, with other accidents truely good, and savoury, . 223 

CHAPTER LXVIII 
Of the Bristled Adventure that befell Don Quixote, . 228 

CHAPTER LXIX 

Of the newest and strangest Adventure, that in all the course of 
this History befell Don Quixote, .... 233 

CHAPTER LXX 

Of divers rare things, which serve for the better illustration and 
deering of this History, ..... 238 

CHAPTER LXXI 

Of what befell Don Quixote and his Squire Sancho Pansa, in their 
travel towards their Village, ..... 248 

X 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER LXXIl 

PAGE 

How Don Quixote and Sancho arrived at their Village, . 2^ 

CHAPTER LXXIIl 

Of the presages and fore-boadings, which hapned to Don Quixote, 
at the entrance into his Village; with other Adventures, 
which serve for grace and ornament unto this famous 
History, and which give credit unto it, . . . 202 

CHAPTER LXXIV 

How Don Quixote fell sicke : of the Will hee mode, and of his 
death, ........ 269 



xi 




CHAPTER XXXVI 

Of the strange and un-imagined Adventure of the 

afflicted Matron, alias, the Countesse Trifaldi, 

with a letter that Sancho Fansa wrote to 

his wife Teresa Fansa. 

HE Duke had a Steward of a very pleasant 
and conceited witte, who played Merlins 
part, and contrived the whole furniture 
for the passed Adventure, he it was 
that made the verses, and that a Page 
should act Dulcinea. Finally, by his 
Lords leave, he plotted another piece 
at worke, the pleasantest and strangest 
that m^ be imagined. 

The Ducbesse asked Sancho the next day, if he had yet 
begun his taske of the penance, for the dis-enchanting of 
Duldnea; he told her, yes: and that that night, he nad 
given himselfe five lashes. The Duchesse askecT him, With 
what? bee answered, with his hand. Those (quoth the 
Duchesse) are rather claps then lashes : I am of opmion that 
the sage Merlin will not accept of this softnesse, xwere fitter 
that &incho tooke the discipline of rowels or bullets with 
prickles, that may smart, for the businesse will be effected 
with bloud, and the liberty of so great a Lady will not be 
wrought so slightly, or with so small % price; and know, 
Sancho, that works of charity are not to be done so slow and 
lazily, for they will merit nothing. 

To which Sancho replied, Give me. Madam, a convenient 

lash of some bou^ and I will lash my selfe, that it may not 

4 : A 1 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER smart too much; for let me tell your Worship this, that 
^^^^^^^^ though I am a Clowne, yet my flesh is rather Cotton then 
Of the strange Mattresse, and there ''s no reason I should kill my selfe for 
?°** ^^' anothers good. You say well (quoth the Ducnesse), to 

Ad^nture of ^^^rrow lie give you a whip that shall fit you, and agree 
the afflicted with the tendemesse of your flesh, as if it were a kinne to 
Matron^ etc. them. To which (quoth Sancho) Lady of my soule, I be- 
seech you know, that I have written a letter to my wife 
Teresa Pansa, letting her know all that hath hapned to 
me since I parted from her ; heere I have it in my oosome, 
and it wants nothing but the superscription : I would your 
discretion would read it, for mec thinkes it goes fitte lor a 
Grovemour, I meane, in the same stile that Grovemours should 
write. And who penned it? said the Duchesse, Who should, 
said he. Sinner that I am, but I my selfe ? And did you write 
it (quoth shee) ? Nothing lesse (said he) for I can neither 
write nor read, though I can set to my firme. Let ^s see your 
letter, quoth the Duchesse, for I warrant, thou shewest the 
ability and sufliciency of thy wit in it. Sancho drew the 
Letter open out of his bosome, and the Duchesse taking it 
of him, read the Contents, as followeth. 

Satvcho Paiisa's Letter to his wife Teresa Pansa. 

If I were well lashed, I got well by it ; K I got a Govern- 
ment, it cost me many a good lash. This, my Teresa, at 
present thou understandest not, heereafter thou shalt know 
it. Enow now, Teresa, that I am determined thou goe in 
thy Coach, for all other kinde of going, is to goe upon all 
foure. Thou art now a Govemours wife, let 's see if any body 
will gnaw thy stumps. I have sent thee a greene hunters 
sute, that my Lady the Duchesse gave me, fit it so, that it 
may serve our daughter for a Coate and Bodies. My Master 
Don Quixote, as I have heard say in this Country, is a mad 
wise man, and a conceited Coxcombe, and I am neVe a whit 
behinde him. Wee have beene in Montesinos Cave, and the 
sage Merlin hath laid hands on me for the disenchanting my 
Lady Dulcinea del Toboso, whom you there call Aloonsa 

2 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Lorenzo, with three thousand and three hundred lashes lack- CHAPTER 
ing five, that I give my selfe, she shall be dis-enchanted as XXXVI 
the Mother that brought her forth : but let no body know Of the strange 
this ; for put it thou to descant on, some will cry white, ^^ ^^' 
others blacke. Within this little while I will goe to my ^dveirhireof 
Government, whither I goe with a great desire to make the afflicted 
money, for I have beene told, that all your Govemours at Matron^ etc 
first goe with the same desire. I will looke into it, and send 
thee word whether it bee fit for thee to come to me or no. 
Dapple is well, and commends him heartily to thee, and I 
will not leave him, although I were to goe to bee Great 
Turke. My Lady the Duchesse kisses thy hands a thousand 
times : retume her two thousand, for there ^s nothing costs 
lease, nor is better cheape, as my Master tells mee, then com- 

Element. God Almighty hath not yet beene pleased to 
lesse mee with a Cloke-bag, and another hundred Pistolets 
as those you wot of : but be not grieved, my Teresa, thcres 
no hurt done, all shall be recompenced wnen we lay the 
Government a bucking; onely one thing troubles me, for 
they tell me that after my time is expired, I may die for 
hunger, which if it should be true, I have payd deere for it, 
though your lame and maimed men get their living by 
beggmg and almes ; so that one way or other thou shait be 
rich and happy : God make thee so, and keepe me to serve 
thee. From this Castle, the twentieth of luly, 1614. 

The Govemour thy Husband, 

Sancho Pansa. 

When the Duchesse had made an end of reading the 
Letter, she said to Sancho ; in two things the good Gover- 
nour is out of the way : the one. In saying or publishing, 
that this Government hath beene given him for the lashes 
hee must give himselfe, hee knowing, for hee cannot deny it 
that when my Lord the Duke promised it him, there was no 
dreaming in the world of lashes : The other is, that he shewes 
himselfe in it very covetous, and I would not have it so pre- 
judidall to him ; for Covetousnesse is the root of all evill, 

'8 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and the covetous Gk>vernour does ungovemed lustice. I had 

XXXVI no such meaning, Madam (quoth Sancho) and if your Wor- 

Of the strange ship think the Letter be not written as it should be, let it 

*^d Y°- be tome, and weele have a new, and perhaps it may be worse, 

/^^toe of ^^ ^* ^ ^^^ ^^ ^y "^^^1^- No, no, (quoth the Duchesse) 'tis 
the afflicted ^^^ enough, and De have the Duke see it. So they went to 
Matron^ etc. a garden where they were to dine that day : the Duchesse 

shewd Sancho'^s Letter to the Duke, which gave him great 
content. They dined, and when the cloth was taken away, 
and that they had entertained themselves a pretty while with 
Sancho'^s savoury conversation, upon a sodaine they heard a 
dolefull sound of a Flute, and of a hoarce and untuned 
Drum ; all of them were in some amazement, at this con- 
fused, martiall, and sad harmony, especially Don Quixote, 
who was so troubled, he could not sit still in his seat ; for 
Sancho there is no more to be said, but that feare carried 
him to his accustomed refuge, which was the Duchesses side 
or her lap ; for in good earnest, the sound they heard was 
most sad and melancholy. And all of them being in this 
maze, they might see two men come in before them into the 
Garden, clad in mourning weeds, so long that they dragged to 
the ground, these came beating of two Drums, covered like- 
wise with blacke : with them came the Fife, blacke and 
besmeared as well as the rest. After these there followed a 
personage of a Gyantly body, bemantled, and not clad in a 
cole-blacke CassocKe, whose skirt was extraordinarily long, his 
Cassocke likewise was girt with a broad blacke belt, at which 
there hung an unmeasurable Scimitar with hilts and scab- 
berd; upon his face hee wore a transparent blacke vaile, 
thorow which they might see a huge long beard as white as 
snow. His pace was very grave and stayed, according to the 
sound of the Drum and Fire. To conclude, his hugenesse, his 
motion, his blackenesse, and his consorts, might have held all 
that knew him not, and looked on him, in suspence. 
• Thus he came with the state and Prosopopeia aforesaid, 
and kneeled before the Duke, who with the rest that stood 
up there, awaited his comming : but the Duke would not by 
any meanes heare him speake till he rose, which the prodi- 
4 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

eious Scar-crow did ; and standing up, he pluckt his maske CHAPTER 
nrom off his face, and shewed the most horrid, long, white, XXXVI 
and thicke beard, that ere till then humane eyes beheld; Of the strange 
and straight he let loose and rooted out from his broad and ^^ ^^' 
spreading brest, a majesticall loud voyce, and casting his ^^"ture of 
eyes toward the Duke, thus said : the afflicted 

High and mighty Sir, I am called Trifaldin with the white Matron^ etc 
beard. Squire to the Countesse Trifaldi, otherwise called The 
Afflicted Matron, from whom I bring an Ambassage to your 
Greatnesse, which is, that your Magnificence be pleased to 
give her leave and licence to enter and relate her griefes, 
which are the most strange and admirable that ever troubled 
thoughts in the world could thinke: but first of all, she 
would know whether the valorous and invincible Knight 
Don Quixote de la Mancha be in your Castle, in whose 
search she comes afoot, and hungry from the kingdome of 
Candaya, even to this your Dukedome : a thing miraculous, 
or by way of Enchantment : she is at your Fortresse gate, 
and onely expects your permission to come in ; thus he 
spoke, and forthwith coughed and wiped his beard from the 
top to the bottome, with both his hands, and with a long 
pawse attended the Dukes answer, which was ; 

Honest Squire Trifaldin with the white beard, long since 
the misfortune of the Countesse Trifaldi hath come to our 
notice, whom Enchanters have caused to be stiled, The 
afflicted Matron : tell her, stupendious Squire, shee may 
come in, and that heere is the valiant Knignt Don Quixote 
de la Mancha, from whose generous condition shee may safely 
promise her selfe all aide and assistance : and you may also 
tell her from me, that if she need my favour, she shall not 
want it, since I am obliged to it by being a Knight, to whom 
the favouring of all sorts of her sexe is pertaining and 
annexed, especially Matron widdows ruinM, and afflicted, as 
her Ladiship is. Which when Trifaldin heard, he bent his 
knee to the ground, and making signes to the Drum and 
Fife, that they should play to the same pace and sound as 
when they entred, he returned backe out of the garden, and 
left all in admiration of his presence and posture. 

5 



CHAPTER 
XXXVI 

Of the strange 
and un- 
imagined 
Adventure of 
the afflicted 
Matron^ etc 

*A forced 
word put in^ 
in mockage 
purposely. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

And the Duke turning to Don Quixote, said ; In fine, Sir 
Knight, neyther the clouds of malice or ignorance can darken 
or obscure the light of valour and vertue. This I say, be- 
cause it is scarce sixe daies since that your * bounty hath 
beene in this my Castle, when the sad and afflicted come 
from remote parts, on foot, and not in Cairoches and on 
Dromedaries to seeke you, confident that in this most strenu- 
ous arme they shall find the remedy for their griefes and 
labours, thankes to your brave exploits, that runne over and 
compasse the whole world. 

Now would I, my Lord, quoth Don Quixote, that that 
same blessed Clergy-man were present, who the other day, at 
table, seemed to be so distastea, and to beare such a grudge 
against Knights Errant, that he might see with his eyes, 
whether those Knights are necessary to the world ; he might 
feele too with his hands that your extraordinary afflicted 
and comfortlesse, and great afiaires and enormious mis-haps 
goe not to seeke redresse to Booke-mens houses, or to some 
poore Country Sextons, nor to your Gentleman that never 
stirred from home, nor to the lazie Courtier that rather 
barkens after newes which hee may report againe, then 
procures to performe deeds and exploits, that others may 
relate and write ; the redresse of griefes, the succouring 
of necessities, the protection of Damozels, the comfort of 
widdows, is had from no sort of persons so wel as from 
Knights Errant ; and that I am one, I give heaven infinite 
thankes, and I thinke my disgrace well earned that I may 
receive in this noble calhng. Let this Matron come, and 
demand what shee will, for I will give her redresse with 
this my strong arme, and undanted resolu- 
tion or my couragious spirit. 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER XXXVII 

Of the Prosecution of the famous Adventure of 
the Afflicted Matron. 

rjlHE Duke and Duchesae were extremely 
glad, to see how well Don Quixote satis- 
fied their intentions, and then Sancho 
sayd; I should be loth this Mistris Matron 
should lay any stumbling blocke in the 
promise of my GrOTcmment : for I have 
heard a Toledo Apothecary say (and hee 
spoke like a Bull-finch) that where these 
kinde of 'women were intermedling, there could no good *Ditennat, 
follow. Lord, what an enemy that Apothecary was to them ! Heere Suicho 
for since all your Matrons, of what condition or jiuality ^^/^^ 
soever they bee, are irksome and foolish, what kinde of '^aw tw'^ 
ones shall your Afflicted bee? as this Countesse, *Three old Wsyting- 
skirts, or Three tailes ; for tailes and skirts, all is one. woman. 

Peace, friend Sancho, quoth Don Quixote ; for since this ^Alluding 
Matron-Lady comes &om so remote parts to secke mee, she to the iiBme 
is none of those that the Apothecary hath in his bed-roll : TiiftMi, as if 
besides, this is a Countesse, and when your Countesses are Hheehadbeene 
Wayting-women, tis either to Queenes or Empresses, who in falda^ w^ich 
their houses are most absolute, and are served by other gignitiM three 
Wayting-women. To this (quoth Donna Rodriguez, that Bkirts, and 
was present) My Lady the Duchesse hath women in her ^}' ^ ^'^ 
service, that might have beene Countesses, if Fortune had ""**■■*■ 
beene pleased : but the weakest goe to the wals, and let no 
man speake ill of Wayting-women, and especially of ancient 
Mayds ; for although I am none, yet I well and cleerely per- 
ceive the advantage, that your Mayden Wayting-women 
have over Widdow-women, and one paire of sheeres went 
betweene ua both. 

7 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER For all that (quoth Sancho) there is so much to bee 
XXXVII sheered in your Wayting-women (according to mine Apothe- 
Of the Pro- cary) that, The more you stirre this businesse, the more it 
secution of ^iJ stinke. Alwayes these Squires (quoth Donna Rodri- 
Adventure of S^^^) *"^ malicious against us ; for, as they are Fairies that 
the Afflicted haunt the out-roomes, and eveir foot spy us, the times that 
Matron. they are not at their devotions (which are many) they spend 

in Dack-biting us, undigging our bones, and burying our 
reputation. Well, let me tell these mooving BlocKes, that 
in spite of them, wee will live in the world, and in houses of 
good fashion, though wee starve for it, or cover our delicate 
or not delicate flesh with a blacke Monkes weede, as if we 
were old wals covered with tapistry, at the passing of a Pro- 
cession, rfaith, if I had time and leisure enou^, I would 
make all that are present, know, that there is no vcrtue, but 
is contained in a Wayting- woman. I beleeve (sayd the 
Duchesse) my honest Donna Rodriguez is in the right : but 
she must stay for a fit time to answer for her selfe, and the 
rest of Wayting-women, to confound the Apothecaries ill 
opinion, and to root it out altogether from Sancho^s brest. 
To which (quoth Sancho) since the Govemourship smokes in 
my head, all Squirely fumes are gone out, and I care not a 
wilde figge for all your Wayting-women. 

Forward they had gone with this Wayting-woman dis- 
course, had they not heard the Drum and Fife play, wherby 
they knew that the Afflicted Matron was entring : the 
Duchesse askt the Duke, if they should meet her, since shee 
was a Countesse, and noble personage. For her Counte- 
ship (quoth Sancho) before the Duke could answer, I like 
it that your Greatnesse meet her : but for her Matronship, 
that yee stirre not a foot. Who bids thee meddle with 
that, Sancho? quoth Don Quixote. Who, Sir (sayd he)? 
I my selfe, that may meddle, that, as a Squire, have learnt 
the termes of courtesie in your Worships Schoole, that 
is the most courteous and best bred Knight in all Court- 
ship, and as I have heard you say in these things. Better 
play a card too much, then too little ; and. Good wits will 
soone meet. Tis true as Sancho sayes (quoth the Duke) 
8 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

we will see what kinde of Countesse she is, and by that, CHAPTER 
ghesse what coiirtesie is due to her. By this the Drum XXXVII 
and Fife came in, as formerly : and heere the Author Of the Pro- 
ended this briefe Chapter, IJeginning another, whidi "ecwtion^ eto. 
continues the same Adventure, one of the 
notablest of all the History. 



CHAPTER XXXVIII 

The A£Bicted Matron recounts her ill Errantry. 

^FTER the Musicke, there entred in at the 
Garden, about some twelve Matron-way- 
tcrs, divided into two rankes, all clad in 
lnrf;e Monks weedes, to see to, of fulled 
StT^, with white Stoles of thin Callico, 
so long, that they onely shewed the edge 
of their blacke weeds. After them came 
tite Countesse Trifaldi, whom Trifaldin 
with the white beard led by the band, clad all in finest un- 
napped Bayes ; for had it been iiappcd, every graine of it 
woiud have been as big as your biggest pease : her taile or her 
traine (cal it whether you will) had three comers, which was 
bom by three Ff^s, clad likewise in mourning : thus mak- 
ing a sightly and Mathematicall shew with those three sharp 
comers, which the poynted skirt made, for which belike she 
was called the Countesse •Trifaldi, as if we should say the ^e word 
Countesse of the three traines, and Benengeli sayeB,it was true, ;° Sj^wl* 
and that her right name was the Coimtesse Lobuna, because "np*"*""* •<*• 
there were many Wolves bred in her Countrey ; and if they 
had beene Foxes, as they were Wolves, they would have 
called her the Countesse 'Zoiruna, by reason that in those *ZorTa, In 
parts it was the custome, that great ones took their appella- Sjmiirfi, a 
tions,&om the thing or things that did most abound in their ""'' 
States : but this Countesse, taken with the strangenes of 
4:B 9 




CHAPTER 
XXXVIII 

The Afflicted 
Matron re- 
counts her 
iU Errantry. 



*A Fustian 
speech on 
purpose^ and 
so continued. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

her three-fold traine, left her name of Lobuna, and tooke 
that of TrifaldL 

The twelve Wayters and their Lady came a Procession- 
pace, their faces covered with blacke vayles, and not trans- 
parent, was as Trifaldins, but so close, that nothing was 
seen thorow. lust as the Matronly Squadron came in, the 
Duke, the Duche8se,and Don Quixote stood up, and all that 
beheld the large Procession. The twelve made a stand, and 
a Lane, thorow the middest of which. The A£9icted came 
forward, Trifaldin still leading her by the hand, which the 
Duke, the Duchesse, and Don Quixote seeing, they advanced 
some doozen paces to meet her. Shee kneeling on the 
ground, with a voyce rather course and hoarce, then fine and 
cleere, sayd ; May it please your Greatnesses to spare this 
courtesie to your servant, I say, to mee your servant ; for as 
I am The AiSBicted, I shall not answer you as I ought, by 
reason that my strange and unheard of misfortune, hath 
transported my understanding, I know not whither, and sure 
tis farre off; since the more I seeke it, the lesse I finde it. 
He should want it. Lady (quoth the Duke) that by your 
person could not judge of your worth, the which without any 
more looking into, deserves the Creame of courtesie, and the 
Flower of al mannerly ceremonies : so taking her up by the 
hand, he led her to sit downe in a chaire by the Duchesse, 
who welcommed her also with much courtesie. 

Don Quixote was silent, and Sancho longed to see the 
Trifaldi's face, and some of her Wayting-women : but there 
was no possibility, till they of their owne accords would shew 
them : so all being quiet and still, they expected who should 
first breake silence, which was done by the Afflicted Matron 
with these words. *Confident I am (most powerfull Sir, 
most beautifuU Lady, and most discreet Auditors) that my 
most Miserablenesse shall finde in your most valorous brests 
shelter, no lesse pleasing, then generous and compassionate ; 
for it is such, as is able to make marble relent, to soften the 
Diamonds, and to moUifie the Steele of the hardest hearts in 
the world : but before it come into the market-place of your 
hearing (I will not say your eares) I should be glad to know, 

10 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

if the most Purifiediferous Don Quixote of the Manchissima, CHAPTER 
and his Squiiiferous Pansa, bee in this Lap, this Quire, this XXXVIII 
Company. The Afflicted 

Pansa is heere (quoth ♦Sancho) before any body else could Matron re- 
answer, and Don Quixotissimo too, therfore most Afflicted- •n'w^^^tL 
issimous Matronissima, speake what you will-issimus, for we are 
all ready and most forward to be your Servitorissimus. Then gS° J^ 
Don Quixote rose up, and directed his speech to the Afflicted answer in the 
Matron, and sayd ; If your troubles, straightned Lady, may same key. 
promise you any hope of remedy, by the valour and force of 
any Knight Errant ; Behold, heere are my poore and weake 
armes, tiiat shall bee imployed in your service. I am Don 
Quixote de la Mancha, whose Function is to succour the 
needy, which being so (as it is) you neede not. Lady, to use 
any Rhetoricke, or to seeke any Preambles ; but plainely, 
and without circumstances, tell your griefes ; for they shedl 
be heard by those, that if they cannot redresse them, yet 
they will commiserate them. 

which when the Afflicted Matron heard, she seemM to fall 
at Don Quixotes feet, and cast her selfe downe, striving to 
embrace them, and sayd ; Before these feet and legs I cast 
my selfe, oh invincible Knight : since they are the Basis and 
Columnes of Knight Errantry, these feet will I kisse, on 
whose steps the whole remedy of my misfortunes doth hang 
and depend. Oh valorous Errant ! whose valorous exployts 
do obscure and darken the fabulous ones of the Amadises, 
E8plandiasus,and Belianises : And leaving Don Quixote, she 
layd hold on Sancho Pansa, and griping his hands, sayd ; 
On thou the loyallest Squire that ever served Knight 
Errant, in past or present times ! longer in goodnesse 
then my Vsher Trifatdins beard, well mayest thou vaunt, 
that in serving Don Quixote, thou servest, in Cipher, the 
whole Troope of Knights, that have wome armes in the 
world : I conjure thee, by thy most loyall goodnesse, that 
thou be a good Intercessour with thy Master, that hee 
may eft-soones favour this most humble, most unfortunate 
Countesse. 

To which (sayd Sancho) that my goodnes, Lady, be as long 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER as your Squires beard, I doe not much stand upon, the busi- 

XXXVni nesse is, bearded or with mustacho^s, let mce have my soule 

The Afflicted goe to Heaven when I die : for, for beards heere I care little 

Matron re- or nothing : but without these clawings or entreaties, I will 

SS^E^m^ desire my Master (for I know he loves me well, and the 

rather, because now in a certaine businesse he hath neede of 
mee) that he favour and helpe your Worship as much as he 
may : but pray uncage your griefes, and tell them us, and 
let us alone to understand them. 

The Dukes were ready to burst with laughter, as they that 
had taken the pulse of this Adventure, and commended 
within themselves the wit and dissimulation of the Trifaldi, 
who sitting her downe, sayd ; Of the famous Eingdome of 
Taprobana, which is betweene the great Taprobana and the 
South sea, some two leagues beyond Cape Comorin, was 
Queene the Lady Donna Magunda, widdow to Sjng Archi- 
pielo, her Lord and Husband, in which matrimony tney had 
the Princesse Antonomasia, heire to the Eangdome : the 
sayd Princesse was brought up, and increased under my 
tutorage and instruction, because I was the ancientest and 
chiefest Matron that waited on her mother. It fell out then, 
that times comming and going, the childe Antonomasia 
being about foureteene yeeres of age, shee was so faire, that 
Nature could give no further addition. Discretion it selfe 
was a Snotty-nose to her, that was as discreet as faire, and 
she was the fairest in the world, and is, if envious Fates and 
inflexible Destinies have not cut the thred of her life : but 
sure they have not ; for Heaven will not permit, that Earth 
sufier such a losse, as would be the lopping of a branch of 
the fairest Vine in the world. 

On this beauty (never-sufficiently extolled by my rude 
tongue) a number of Princes were enamoured, aswell Neigh- 
bours as Strangers, amongst whom, a private Gentle-man 
durst raise his thoughts to the Heaven of that beauty, one 
that lived in Court, confident in his youth and gallantry, 
and other abilities, and happy facilities of wit ; for let mee 
give your Greatnesses to understand (if it be not tedious) 
nee played on a Gitteme, as if he made it speake, he was a 
IS 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Poet, and a great Dancer, and could very well make Bird- CHAPTER 
cages, and onely with this Art, might have gotten his living, XXXVIU 
when he had beene in great necessity : so that all these parts The Afflicted 
and adornments were able to throw downe a mountaine, Matron re- 
much more a delicate Damozell : but all his gentry, all his yj^E^anSv 
graces, all his behaviour and abilities, could have little pre- 
vailed, to render my childes fortresse, if the cursed theefe 
had not conquered mee first. First, the cursed Rascall 
Vagamund sought to get my good will, and to bribe me, 
that I, ill keeper, should deliver him the keyes of my 
fortresse. 

To conclude, he inveigled my understanding, and obtained 
my consent, with some toyes and trifles (I know not what) 
that he gave mee : but that which most did prostrate mee, 
and made me fall, was certaine verses, that I heard him sing 
one night from a grated window, toward a Lane where he 
lay, which were as I remember these. 

An ill upon my soule doth steale, 
From my sweetest enemy : 
And it more tormenteth me 
That I feele, yet must conceale. 

The Ditty was most precious to me, and his voyce as sweet 
as sugar, and many a time since have I thought, seeing the 
mis-hap I fell into, by these and such other like verses, and 
have considered, that Poets should be banisht from all good 
and well-governed Common-wealths, as Plato counselled, at 
least lascivious Poets ; for they write lascivious verses, not 
such as those of *the M arquesse of Mantua, that delight ^Id ballad- 
and make women and children weepe, but piercing ones, that verses, the 
like sharp thomes, but soft, traverse the soule, and wound it 'l^^^'iieere 
like lightning, leaving the garment sound, and againe he i^tyrically. 
sung. 

Come death, hidden, without paine, 

^Bt me not thy comming know) 
at the pleasure to die so. 
Make me not to live againe. 

Other kindes of songs he had, which being sung, enchanted, 

18 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and written, suspended: for when they daigned to make 

XXXVni a kinde of verse in Candaya, then in use, called Rounde- 

The Afflicted laies, there was your dancing of soules, and tickling with 

Matron re- laughter and unquietnesse of the body: and finally, the 

S^ETOntrv quick-silver of all the sences. So, my Masters, let me say, 

that such Rithmers ought justly to bee banished to the 
Iland of Lizards : but the fault is none of theirs, but of 
simple creatures that commend them, and foolish wenches 
that beleeve in them : and if I had been as good a Wayting- 
woman, as I ought to have beene, his over-nights conceits 
would not have mooved mee, neither should I have given 
credit to these kinde of speeches : I live dying, I bume in 
the frost, I shake in the fire, I hope hopelesse, 1 goe,and yet 
I stay : with other impossibilities of tnis scumme, of which 
his writings are full : and then, your promising the Phoenix 
of Arabia, Ariadne^s Crowne, the Lockes of the Sunne, the 
Pearles of the South, the Gold of Tyber, and Balsamum of 
Pancaia : and heere they are most liberall in promising that, 
which thej never thmk to performe. 

But wmther, aye mee unhappy, doe I divert my selfe? 
What folly or what madnesse makes mee recount other 
folkes faults, having so much to say of mine owne ? Aye mee 
againe, unfortunate, for not the verses, but my folly, van- 
quished mee ; not his musike, but my lightnesse, my ignor- 
ance softned mee ; that, and my ill fore-sight opened the 
way, and made plaine the path to Don Clanixo, for this is 
the aforesayd Gentle-mans name; so that I being the Bawde, 
hee was many times in the chamber of the (not by him, but 
mee) betrayed Antonomasia, under colour of being her law- 
full Spouse ; for though a sinner I am, I would not have 
consented, that without being her Husband, hee should 
have come to the bottome of her shoo-sole. 

No, no. Matrimony must ever bee the colour in all these 
businesses, that shall bee treated of by mee : onely there was 
one mischiefe in it, that Don Clanixo was not ner Equall, 
hee being but a private Gentle-man, and shee such an In- 
heritrix. A while this juggling was hid and concealed, with 
the sagacity of my warinesse, till a kinde of swelling in 
14 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

AiitonomoEda''s belly, at last discovered it, the feare of which CHAPTER 
made ub all three enter into counsell, and it was agreed, XXXVIII 
that before the mis-hap should come to lieht, Don Cknizo The Afflicted 
■hould demand Antonomasia for his wifeTaefore the Vicar, Matron re- 
by vertue of a bill of her hand, which shee had given him to SS'Emmm- 
bee so : this was framed by my invention so forcibly, that 
Samson himselfe was not able to breake it. 

The matter was put in practice, the Vicar saw the bill, 

and tooke the Ladies confession : who confessed plainely, 

bee committed her prisoner to a Sargeants house. Then 

(quoth Sancho) have you Sai^eants too in Candaya, Poets, 

and Roundelayes ? I sweare Ithinke, the world is the same 

every-where : but make an end. Madam Trifaldi : for it 

is late, and I lone to know the end of this large 

story. I wiB, answered the Countesse. 



CHAPTER XXXIX 

Where the Trifaldi prosecutes her stupendious 
and memorable History. 

nfr every word that Sancho spoke, the Duch- 
esse was as well pleased as Don Quixote 
out of his wits, and commanding him to 
bee silent ; the Afflicted went on, saying : 
The short and the long was this, after 
many givings and taking, by reason the 
Princesse stood ever stiffely to her tack- 
ling, the Vicar sentenced in Don Clanixo^s 
favour, whereat the Queene Donna Maguncia Antonomasia's 
Mother was so full of wrath, that some three daies after wee 
buried her. Well, Sir Squire, quoth Sancho, it hath beene 
scene ere now, that one tnat hath beene but in a swound* 
hath beene buried, thinking he was dead ; and me thinkes 
that Queene Maguncia might but rather have beene in a 

15 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER swound, for with life many things are remedied, and the 
XXXIX Princesses error was not so great, that she should so resent 
Where the it. If shee had married with a Pa^ or any other servant of 
Trifeldi pro- her house (as I have heard many have done) the mischance 
gtuDe^dious ^*^ beene irreparable : but to marry with so worthy a 
andmemor- Gentleman, ana so understanding as hath beene painted out 
able History, to us, truly, truly, though 'twere an over-sight, yet twas not 

so great as wee thinke for ; for according to my Masters rules 
here present, who will not let mee lye, as Schollers become 
Bishops, so private Enicrhts (especially if they be Errant) 
may llecome kings and Emperoura. 

Thou hast reason, Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) for a 
Knight Errant, give him but two inches of good fortune, 
he is in potentia proxima to be the greatest Soveraigne of 
the world. But let the Afflicted proceed, for to mee it 
appeares, the bitterest part of her sweet History is be- 
hmde. The bitterest, quoth you? said shee. Indeed so 
bitter, that in comparison of this. Treacle and Elicampane 
is sweet. 

The Queene being starke dead, and not in a trance, wee 
buried her, and scarce had wee covered her with earth, and 
tooke our tdtimtim vate^ when Quis taliajb/ndo temperet a 
lachrimis f the Gyant Malambruno, Maguncia^s Cousm Grer- 
mane, appeared before her grave upon a woodden horse, 
who besioes his cruelty, was also an Enchanter, who with 
his Art to revenge his Cousins death, and for Don Clanixos 
boldnesse, and for despight of Antonomasia^s over-sight, en- 
chanted them upon the same Tombe, turning her into a 
brazen Ape, and him into a fearefull Crocodile of unknowne 
metall, and betwixt them both is likewise set a Register 
of metall, written in the Siriacke tongue, which being trans- 
lated into the Candayan, and now into the Castilian, con- 
teines this sentence : 

^ These two bold Lovers shall not recover their naturall 
^ forme, till the valiant Manchegan come to single combat 
' with me, for the Destinies reserve this un-heard of Adven- 
* ture only for his great valour." 

16 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

This done, he unsheathed a broad and unwieldy Scimitar, CHAPTER 
and taking me by the haire of the head, he made as if XXXIX 
he would have cut my throat, or sheared oflF my necke Wliere the 
at a blow. I was amazed, my voice cleaved to the roofe TriMdi pro- 
of my mouth, I was troubled extremely: but I enforced rtupe^dioua 
my selfe as well as I could, and with a dolorous and andmemor- 
trembling voyce, I told him such and so many things, as able History, 
made him suspend the execution of his rigorous punish- 
ment. 

Finally, hee made all the waiting- Women of the Court be 
brought before him, which are heere present now also ; and 
after he had exaggerated our faults, and reviled the con- 
ditions of Waiting-women, their wicked wiles, and worse 
slights, and laying my fault upon them all, hee said hee 
would not capitally punish us, but with other dilated paines, 
that might give us a civill and continuate death : and in the 
very same instant and moment that he had said this, we all 
felt that the Pores of our faces opened, and that all about 
them wee had prickles, like the pricking of needles : by and 
by we clapped our hands to our faces, and found them just 
as you see them now ; with this the Afflicted, and the rest of 
the Waiting-women lifted up their masks which they had 
on, and shewed their faces all with beards, some red, some 
blacke, some white, and lime-smeared : at sight of which, the 
Duke and Duchesse admired; Don Quixote and Sancho 
were astonisht, and all the by-standers wonder-strooken, and 
the Trifaldi proceeded : Thus that fellon, and hard-hearted 
Malambruno punished us, covering the softnesse and smooth- 
nesse of our races with these rough bristles : would God he 
had beheaded us with his unweldy Scimitar, and not so 
dimmed the light of our faces with these blots that hide us ; 
for, my Masters, if wee fall into reckoning, (and that which 
nchv I say, I would speake it with mine eyes running a foun- 
taine of teares, but the consideration of our misfortunes, 
and the Seas that hitherto have rained, have drawne them 
as dry as eares of Come, and therefore let mee speake 
without teares.) Whither shall a Waiting-woman with a 
beard goe ? Wbat Father or Mother will take compassion 

4 : C 17 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER on her? For when her flesh ia at the smoothest, and her 

XXXIX face martyrized vith a thousand sorts of dibber-slabbers 

and waters, she can scarce finde any body that will care 

for her, what shall she doe then when she weares a 

wood upon her face? O Matrons, Companions mine, 

in an ill time were we borne, in a luclclesse howre 

our Fathers beeat us ; and saying this, she 

made Mew of dismaying. 



Where the 
Trif&ldi pro- 
secutes, etc. 




CHAPTER XL 

Of matters that touch and pertune to this Adven- 
ture, and most memorable Histoiy. 

i||£RTAINELY, all they that delight in such 
Histories as this, must be than&ull to Cid 
Hamete the Author of the Original, for 
his curiosity in setting downe every little 
tittle, witoout leaving out the smallest 
matter, that hath not beene distinctly 
brought to light : bee paints out conceits, 
discovers imaginations, answers secrets, 
cleeres doubts, resolves arguments : To conclude, manifests 
the least moat of each curious desire. Oh famous Author ! Oh 
happy Don Quixote 1 Oh renowned Dulcinea ! Oh pleasant 
Sancho ! all together, and each in particular, long may you 
live, to the delight and generall recreation of motels. The 
Story then goes on, that just as Sancho saw the Afflicted dis- 
maia, he said, As I am honest man, and by the memory of the 
Pansa's, I never heard nor saw, nor my master never told me, 
nor could he ever conceit in his fancy such an Adventure as 
this. A thousand Satans take thee (not to curse thee) for an 
Enchanter as thou art, Gyant Maliunbruno, and hadst thou 
no kinde of punishment for these sinners but this bearding 
them p What F had it not beene better and fitter for them, 
18 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

to have bereaved them of halfe their noses, though thev had CHAPTER 
snuffled for it, and not to have clapt these bear£ on them P XL 

I hold a wager they have no money to pay for their shaving. Of matters 
You say true Sir, quoth one of the twelve, we have nothing ^** touch 
to cleanse us with, therefore some of us have used a remedy ^ th^'**"^^ 
of sticking Plaisters, which, applied to our faces, and clapped Adventure 
on upon a sodain, make them as plaine and smooth as the and most 
bottome of a stone morter ; for though in Candaya there be memorable 
women that goe up and downe from house to house to take '^^^'^^' 
away the haire of the body, and to trimme the eye-browes, 
and other slibber-sawces touching women, yet wee my Ladies 
women would never admit them, because they smell some- 
thing of the Bawde : and if Si^nior Don Quixote doe not 
helpe us, wee are like to goe with beards to our graves. 

I would rather lose mine amongst Infidels, quoth Don 
Quixote, then not ease you of yours. By this the Trifaldi 
came to her selfe againe, and said. The very jyngling of this 
promise came into my eares in the midst of my Trance, and 
was enough to recover my sences: therefore once againe, 
Renowned Errant, and untamed Sir, let me beseech you 
that your gracious ^omise be put in execution. For my 
part it shall, quoth Don Quixote, tell me Lady, what I am 
to doe, for my minde is very prompt to serve you. 

Thus it is (quoth the Afflicted) from hence to the Kingdom 
of Candaya, if you goe by land, you have five thousand 
leagues, wanting two or three ; but if you goe in the ajrre, 
some three thousand two hundreth and seven and twenty by 
a direct line. You must likewise know that Malambruno 
told me, that when Fortune should bring me to the Knight 
that must free us, that he would send a horse much better, 
and with fewer trickes then your hirelings, which is the 
selfe-same horse of wood, on which the valiant Pierres stole 
and carried away the faire Magalona, which horse is governed 
by a pinne that he hath in his forehead, that serves for a 
bridle, and flies in the ayre so swiftly, as if the Devils them- 
selves carried him. This horse, according to Tradition, was 
made by the Sage Merlin, and he lent him to his friend 
Pierres, who made long voyages upon him, and stole away 

19 



CHAPTER 
XL 

Of matten 
that touch 
aiid p«rtaiue 
to thin 
Adveiiturei 
aiid moiit 
memorable 
History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

(as is said) the fiure Maealona, carrying her in the ajrre at 
his Crupper, leaving all that beheld them on earth in a 
staring gaze, and he lent him to none but those whom he 
loved, or that payed him best, and since the Grand Pierres, 
hitherto wee have not heard that any else hath come upon 
his backe : Malambruno got him from thence by his Art, 
and kcepes him, making use of him in his voyages, which he 
hath every foot thorow all parts of the world, and he is 
heere to day, and to morrow m France, and the next day at 
lerusalem : and the best is, that this horse neither eates nor 
sleepes, nor needs shooing, and hce ambles in the ayre, with- 
out wings, that he that ndes upon him, may carry a cup full 
of water in his hand, without spilling a jot: he goes so soft 
and so easie, which made the faire Magalona ^liad to ride 
upon him. 

Then (cjuoth Sancho) for your soft and easie going, my 
Dapple bearcs the bell, though hee goe not in the Aire ; but 
U|K)n earth. He play with him with all the Amblers in the 
world. 

All of them laughed, and the Afflicted went on : and this 
horse (if Malambruno will grant an end of our misfortune) 
within halfe an hourc at night will be with us ; for he told 
mee, tliat the signe that I had found the Knight that should 
procure our libertV) should be the sending of that horse 
whither hee shoulci come 8|)eedily. And how many (quoth 
Sancho) may ride U|K)n that horse ? The Afflicted answered. 
Two ; one in the Saddle, and the other at the Crupper, and 
most commonly such two are, Knight and Squire, wnen some 
stolne Damozell is wanting. I would faine know. Afflicted 
Madam, quoth Sancho, what tliis horses name is. His name 
(quoth she) is not like Bellerophons horse, called Pegasus, 
or Alexanders the great, Bucephalus, or Orlando Furioso^s 
Briliadoro, or Bayarte lleynaldos de Montalvans, or Rogeros 
Frontino, or Bootes or rerithons, the horses of the Sunne, 
nor Orelia Roilrigo the last unhappy King of the Grothes 
his Horse, in that battell where hee lost his life and king- 
dome together. 

I hold a wager (said Sancho) that since he hath none of 

20 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

all these famous knowne names, that his name neither is not CHAPTER 
Rozinante my Masters horses name, which goes beyond al ^^ 
those that have been named already. Of matters 

Tis true (quoth the bearded Countesse) notwithstanding *^** touch 
he hath a name that fits hun very well, which is *Clavilefio JJ^tWs'^^^ 
the swift : first, because he is of wood, and then, because of Adventure, 
the pinne in his fore-head, so that for his name he may com- and most 
pare with Rozinante. I dislike not his name (said Sancho) memorable 
out what bridle, or what halter is he governed with ? I "^^^7* 
have told you (said the Trifaldi) that with the pinne, turned *C^vo a naile 
as pleaseth the party that rides on him, he will goe either or woodden 
in the ajrre, or raking and sweeping along the earUi, or in a P"^> ^'^^ 
meane which ought to bee sought in all well-ordered actions, g^igh. 
I would £Edne see him (quoth Sancho) but to thinke that 
He get up on him, eyther in the saddle, or at the Crupper, 
were to aske Peares of the Elme. Twcre good indeed, that 
I, that can scarce sit upon Dapple, and a packe-saddle as 
soft as silke, should get up upon a woodden crupper without 
a Cushion or Pillow-beare : oy Gad He not bruise my selfe 
to take away any bodies beard : let every one shave himselfe 
as well as he can ; for lie not goe so long a voyage with my 
Master: besides, theres no use of me for the shaving of 
these beards, as there is for the dis-enchanting my Lady 
Dulcinea. Yes marry is there, said the Trifaldi, and so 
much, that I beleeve, without you we shall doe nothing. 
*6od and the King (quoth Sancho) what have the Squires *AquidelItey, 
to doe with their Masters Adventures, they must reape the ^^ usuaU 
credit of ending them, and wee must beare the burden ? (?ffi^„ ^ 
Body of mee, if your Historians would say. Such a Knight Spaine when 
ended such an Adventure, but with the helpe of such and any arested 
such a Squire, without whom it had been impossible to end person resists. 
it, twere something : but that they write dryly, Don Parla- 
lipomenon. Knight of the three starres, ended the Adventure 
ot the sixe Hob-goblins, without naming his Squires person 
that was present at all, as if he were not alive : I like it not, 
my Masters, I tell you againe, my Master may goe alone, 
much good may it doe him, and He stay heere with my 
Lady i£e Duchesse, and it may be when he comes backe, he 

21 



CHAPTER 
XL 

Of matters 
that touch 
and pertaine 
to this 
Adventure^ 
and most 
memorable 
History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

shall finde the Lady Dulcinea^s businesse three-fold, nay 
five-fold bettered, for I purpose at idle times, and when I 
am at leysure to give my selfe a Bout of whipping, bare 
breech'^d. For all that (quoth the Duchesse) if need be, 
you must accompany him, honest Sancho, for all good 
people will entreat, that for your unnecessaiy feare these 
Grentlewomens faces be not so thick-bearded ; for it were 
great pitty. 

God and the King againe (quoth Sancho) when this 
charity were performed for some retired Damozels, as some 
working girles, a man might undertake any hazard ; but for 
to unb^rd waiting-women, a pox : I would I might see um 
bearded from the tiighest to tne lowest, from the nicest to 
the neatest. You are still bitter against waiting-women, 
friend, quoth the Duchesse, you are much addicted to the 
Toledanian Apothecaries opinion : but on my faith you have 
no reason, for I have women in my house, that may be a 
pattemc for Waiting- women, and heere^s Donna Rodriguez, 
that will not contradict me. Your Excellency (quoth Rod- 
riguez) may say what you will, God knowes all, whether we 
be good or bad : bearded or smooth, as we are, our Mothers 
brought us forth as well as other women, and since God cast 
us into the world, he knowes to what end, and I relye upon 
his mercy, and no bodies beard. 

Well, Mistresse Rodriguez, and Lady Trifaldi, (quoth 
Don Quixote) I hope to God hee will behold your sorrowes 
with pittying eyes, and Sancho shall doe as I will have him, 
if Clavileiio were come once, and that I might encounter 
Malambruno : for I know, no Rasor would shave you with 
more facility, then my sword should shave Malambruno^s 
head from his shoulders, for God permits the wicked, but 
not for ever. 

Ah (quoth the Afflicted) now all the starres of the 
heavenly Regions looke upon your Greatnesse, valorous 
Knight, with a eentle aspect, and infuse all prosperity into 
your mindc, and all valour, and make you the shield and 
succour of all dejected and reviled Waiting-woman-ship, 
abliominablc to Apothecaries, back-bited by Squires, and 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Boofied at by Pages, and the Devill take the Quetme that in CHAPTER 
the flower of her youth put not her selfe in a Nunnery, ^^ 

rather then be a Waiting-woman, unfortunate as we are, Of matters 
for though we descend in a direct line, by man to man from *^ j* ^^'^^a 
Hector the Trojan, yet our Mistresses will never leave be- J^ti^ 
thou-ine of us, though they might be Queenes for it : O Adventure, 
Gyant Malambruno, (for though thou beest an Enchanter, and most 
thou art most sure in thy promises) send the matchlesse memoiuWe 
Clavitefio unto us, that our misfortune may have an end : ^' 

for if the heates come in, and these beards of ours last, woe 
be to our ill fortune. 

Tim the Trifaldi said with so much feeling, that shee 

drew teares from all the spectators eyes, and streaked them 

even from SanchoX so that now he resolved to excoia- 

pany his Master to the very end of the world, 

BO he might obtaine the taking the wooll 

from those venerable faces. 



CHAPTER XLI 

Of Clavileflo's arrivall, with the end of this 
dilated Adventure. 

[] T grew now to bee night, and with it the 
expected time when Clavilefio the famous 
horse should come, whose delay troubled 
Don Quixote, thinking that Malambruno 
deferring to send him, argued, that eyther 
hee was not the Knight for whom the 
Adventure was reserved, or that Malam- 
bruno durst not come to single combat 
with him : But looke ye now, when all unexpected, foure 
Savages entred the Garden, cladde all in greene Yvie, 
bearing upon their shoulders a great woodden horse : 
they set hun upon his legges on tae ground, and one of 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER them said, Let him that hath the courage, get up upon this 

XLI EWine. 
Of Clavileno'B Then (quoth Sancho) not I, I have no courage, I am no 
th"^*^d V*^ Knight, and the Salva^ replied, saying. And let his Squire 
thk dilated ^^^ behinde, and let nim be assured, that no sword but 
Adventure. Malambruno^s shall o£Pend him, and there is no more to be 

done, but to tume that pinne, which is upon the horses 
necke, and hee will carry them in a moment where Malam- 
bruno attends : but lest the height and distance from earth 
make them light-headed, let them cover their eyes till the 
horse nei^h ; a signe that they have then finisht their voyage. 
This said, with a slow pace, they marched out the same way 
they came. 

The Afflicted, as soone as she saw the horse, with very 
teares in her eyes, she said to Don Quixote ; Valorous Knight, 
Malambruno hath kept his word, the horse is heere, our 
beards increase, and each of us with every haire of them 
beseech thee to shave and sheere us, since there is no more 
to be done, but that thou and thy Squire both mount, and 
begin this your happy new •voyage. That will I willingly, 
said Don Quixote, my Lady Tri&ldi, without a cushion or 
spurres, that I may not delay time, so much. Lady, I desire 
to see you and ail these Gentlewomen smooth and cleere. 
Not I (quoth Sancho) neyther willingly nor unwillingly, and 
if this shaving cannot oe performed without my riding at 
the Crupper, let my Master seeke some other Squire to 
follow him, and these Grentlewomen some other meanes of 
smoothing themselves; for I am no Hagge that love to 
hurry in the Ayre : and what will my Islanders say, when 
they heare their Grovemour is hovering in the winde? 
Besides, there being three thousand leagues from hence 
to Candaya, if the horse should be weary, or the Gyant 
offended, wee might bee these halfe doozen of yeeres ere we 
retume, and then perhaps there would be neyther Hand nor 
dry-land in the world to acknowledge me: and since His 
ordinarily said, that delay breeds danger, and he that will not 
when he may, etc. these Gentlewomens beards shall pardon 
mee, for 'tis good sleeping in a whole skinne, I meane, I am 
24 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

very well at home in this house, where I receive so much CHAPTER 
kindnesse, and from whose Owner I hope for so great a good, ^^^ 
as to see my selfe a Grovemour. Of Clayileno'i 

To which (quoth the Duke) Friend Sancho, the Hand ^^So? 
that I promised you, is not moveable, nor fugitive, it is so ^^ dilated 
deepe rooted in the earth, that a mat many pulls will not Adventure. 
root it up : and since you know, that I know that there is 
none of these prime kmde of Officers, that payes not some 
kinde of bribe, some more, some lesse, yours for this Govern- 
ment shall be, that you accompany your Master Don Quixote 
to end and finish this memorable Adventure, that, whether 
you retume on Clavilefio with the brevity that his speed 
promiseth, or that your contrary fortune bring and retume 
you home on foot like a Pilgrime from Inne to Inne, and 
from Alehouse to Alehouse ; at your comming backe, you 
shall finde the Iland where you left it, and the Ilanders with 
the same desire to receive you for their Govemour, that 
they have alwaies had, and my good will shall alwaies bee 
the same ; and doubt not, Signior Sancho, of this, for you 
should do much wrong (in so doing) to the desire I have to 
serve you. 

No more. Sir, quoth Sancho, I am a poore Squire, and 
cannot carry so much courtesie upon my backe: let my 
Master get up, and blindefolde me, and commend me to 
God Almighty, and tell mce, if, when I mount into this 
high-flying, I may recommend my selfe to God, or invoke 
the Angels that they may favour me. 

To which the Trifalai answered. You may recommend 
your selfe to God, or to whom you will ; for Malambruno, 
though he bee an Enchanter, yet hee is a Christian, and 
performes his Enchantments with much sagacity, and very 
warily, without meddling with any body. Goe to then 
(quoth Sancho) God and the holy Trinity of Gaeta helpe 
me. Since the memorable Adventure of the Full-mills 
(quoth Don Quixote) I never saw Sancho so fearefuU as 
now, and if I were as superstitious as some, his pusillanimity 
would tickle my conscience : but harke thee, Sancho, by these^ 
Grentles leaves, I will speake a word or two with tiiee : and' 

4:D 25 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER carrying Sancho amongst some trees in the garden, taking 
XLI him by both the hands, he sayd, Thou seest, Brother Sancho, 
Of Clavileuo's the large voyage that we are like to have, and God knowes 
arrivall, with ^hen wee shall retume from it, nor the leisure that our 
thU Elated affaires heereafter will give us. I prethee therefore, retire 
Adventure. thy selfe to thy chamber, as if thou wentst to look for 

some necessary for the way, and give thy selfe in a trice, of 
the three thousand and three nundred lashes, in which 
thou standest engaged, but five hundred onely : so that the 
beginning of a businesse is halfe the ending oi it. 

Verily (quoth Sancho) I thinke you have lost your wits, 
this is lust : I am going, and thou art crying out in haste 
for thy maydcn-head, 1 am now going to sit upon a bare 

[>iece of wood, and you would have my bumme smart. Be- 
eeve mee, you have no reason, let 's now goe for the shaving 
these Matrons, and when we retume. He promise you to 
come out of debt : let this content you, and I say no more. 
Don Quixote made answer. Well, with this promise, Sancho, 
I am in some comfort, and I belceve thou wilt accomplish 
*Heere I left it ; for though thou beest a foole, *yet I thinke thou art 
out a line or honest. 

conceit* toit ^ ^^^ ^^^^ ^^°* ^® mount Clavilefio, and as they were 
was no great ^^ting up, Don Quixote sayd, Hud-winke thy selfe, Sancho, 
matter; for in and get up : for hce that sends from so farre off for us, will 
English it not aeceive us ; for hee will get but small glory by it, and 
^1^1^ though all should succeede contrary to my imagination, yet 
^ no malice can obscure the glory of having undergone this 

Adventure. Lets goe. Master (quoth Sancho) for the beards 
and teares of these Gentle-women are nailed in my heart, 
and I shal not eat a bit, to doe me good, till I see them in 
their former smoothnesse. Gret you up, Sir, and hudwinke 
your selfe first ; for if I must ride beninde you, you must 
needes get up first in the saddle. 

Tis true indeede, sayd Don Quixote, and taking a hand- 
kerchiefs out of his pocket, he desired the Afflicted to hide 
his eyes close : and when it was done, he uncovered himselfe 
again, and said ; As I remember, I have read in Virgil of 
the Palladium, that horse of Troy, that was of wood, that 
26 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the Grecianspresented to the Groddesse Pallas, with childe CHAPTER 
with armed Knights, which after were the totall ruine of all ^^ 
Troy, and so it were fit first to try what Clavilefio hath in Of Clavileno's 
his stomacke. ^"""^a ?*^ 

You neede not (sayd she) for I dare warrant you, and this Elated 
know that Malambruno is neither traytor nor malicious. Adventure, 
you may get up without any feare, and upon me be it, if 
you receive any hurt. But Don Quixote thought, that 
every thing thus spoken to his safety, was a detriment of 
his valour : so, witnout more exchanging of words, up hee 
got, and tried the pin that easily turned up and downe : so 
with his legs at length, without stirrups, hee looked like an 
Image painted in a piece of Flanders Arras, or woven in 
some Roman triumph. Sancho got up faire and softly, and 
with a very ill will, and settling himselfe the best hee could 
upon the crupper, found it somewhat hard, and nothing 
soft, and desired the Duke, that if it were possible, hee 
mi^ht have a cushionet, or for failing, one of the Duchesses 
cusnions of State, or a pillow from one of the Pages beds ; 
for that horses crupper, he sayd, was rather marble then 
wood. 

To this (quoth Trifaldi) Clavilefio will suffer no kinde of 
furniture nor trapping upon him: you may doe well for 
your ease, to sit on him woman-wayes, so you will not feele 
his hardnesse so much. Sancho did so, ana saying farewell, 
hee suffered himselfe to be bound about the eyes, and after 
uncovered himselfe againe, and looking pittifuUy round 
about the garden with tcares in his eyes, he desired that 
they would in that dolefull trance joyne with him each in 
a Pater-noster, and an Ave Maria, as Grod might provide 
them some to doe them that charitable office when they 
should be in the like trance. 

To which (quoth Don Quixote) Rascall, are you upon the 
Gallowes, trow? or at the last gaspe, that you use these 
kinde of supplications ? Art thou not, thou soule-lesse 
cowardly creature, in the same place, where the faire Maga- 
lona sate, from whence she descended not to her grave ; but 
to bee Qucene of France, if Histories lie not ? and am not I 

87 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER by thee ? cannot I compare with the valorous Pierrs, that 
XLI pressed this seat, that I now presse ? Hudwinke, hudwinke 
Of Claidleno's thy selfe, thou dis-heartned Beast, and let not thy feare come 
arrivall, with forth of thy mouth, at least in my presence. Hudwinke 
^B dikted ^^ (quoth Sancho) and since you will not have me pray to 
Adventure. Crod, nor recommend me, how can I chuse but be afrayd, 

lest some legion of Devils bee heere, that may carry us head- 
long to destruction. 

Now they were hudwinked, and Don Quixote perceiving 
that all was as it should be, layd hold on the pin, and scarce 
put his fingers to it, when all the Wajrting-women, and as 
many as were present, lifted up their voyces, sa3ring ; God 
be thy speed. Valorous Knight; Grod be with thee, Vn- 
daunted Squire : now, now you fly in the aire, cutting it 
with more speede then an arrow : now you begin to suspend, 
and astonish as many as behold you from earth. Hold, nold, 
valorous Sancho; for now thou goest waving in the aire, 
take heede thou fall not ; for thy fall will be worse then the 
bold Youths, that desired to goveme his father, the Suns, 
charriot. 

Sancho heard all this, and getting close to his Master, 
hee girt his armes about him, and sayd ; Sir, why doe they 
say we are so high, if wee can heare their voyces ? and mee 
thinkes they talke heere hard by us. Ne^re stand upon that 
(quoth Don Quixote) for as these kindes of fl3ring are out oi 
the ordinary course of thousands of leagues, thou mayst 
heare and see any thing, and doe not presse me so hard ; for 
thou wilt throw me downe: and verily, I know not why 
thou shouldcst thus tremble and bee cifrayd; for I dare 
sweare, in all my life, I never rode upon an easier-paced 
horse, he goes as if hee never mooved from the place. 
Friend, banish feare; for the businesse goes on successe- 
fuUy, and we have winde at will. Indeede tis true, quoth 
Sancho : for I have a winde comes so forcibly on this side 
of mee, as if I were blowed upon by a thousand paire of 
bellowes: and it was true inaeede, they were giving him 
aire, with a very good paire of bellowes. 

This Adventure was so well contrived by the Duke, the 
28 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Duchesse, and the Steward, that there was no requisite CHAPTER 
awanting, to make it perfect. Don Quixote too feeling the ^LI 
breath, sayd : Vndoubtedly, Sancho, wee are now come to Of Clavileno's 
the middle Region, where haile, snow, thunder, and light- ff^^^l' ^^ 
ning, and the thunder-bolt are ingendred in the third thfs dilated 
Region, and if we mount long in this manner, we shall Adventure, 
quickly be in the Region of fire, and I know not how to use 
this Pm, that wee mount not where wee shall be scorcht. 

Now tiiey heated their faces with flax set on fire, and easie 
to be quencht, in a cave a far off: and Sancho, that felt the 
heat, said ; Hang me, if we be not now in that place where 
the fire is; for a great part of my beard is smdged: He 
unblind-fold my selfe. Master, and see where-abouts we are. 
Doe not (quoth Don Quixote) and remember that true tale 
of the Scholler Toralva, whom the Devill hoysted *up into ♦A Stoiy 
the aire a horse-backe on a reede, with his eyes shut, and in beleeved in 
twelve houres hee arrived at Rome, and lighted at the Towre S?|^^n** 
of Nona, which is one of the streets of the City, and saw ^ 
all the mis-chance, the assault and death of Borbon, and the 
morrow after returned backe to Madrid, where he related all 
that he had seene : who also sayd, that as hee went in the 
aire, the Devill bid him open his eyes, which he did, and 
saw himselfe, as he thought, so neere the body of the Moon, 
that he might have touched her with his hands, and that he 
durst not looke toward the earth, for feare to be made giddy. 
So that, Sancho, there is no uncovering us; for hee that 
hath the charge of carrying us will looke to us, and per- 
adventure wee goe doubling of poynts, and mounting on 
high to fall even with the Kingaome of Candaya, as doth 
the Sacar or Hawke upon the Heron to catch her, mount 
shee never so high ; ana, though it seemc to us not halfe an 
houre, since we parted from the garden, beleevc me, we have 
travelled a great way. 

I know not what belongs to it (quoth Sancho) but this 
I know, that if your Lady Magallanes, or MagaJona were 
pleased with my seat, she was not very tender-breecht. All 
these discourses of the two most valiant were heard by the 
Duke and Duchesse, and them in the garden, which gave 

S9 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER them extraordinary content : who willing to make an end of 
^^ this strange and well-composed Adventure, dapt fire with 
Of Clavileno's some flax at Clavilefio^s taue : and straight the norse, being 
urnvaU^ with gtuffed with Crackers, flew into the aire, making a strange 
th^ Elated noyse, and threw Don Quixote and Sancho both on the 
Adventure. ground, and sindged. And now all the bearded Squadron 

of the Matrons vanished out of the garden, and Trifaldi too 
and all, and they that remained, counterfeited a dead swound, 
and lay all along upon the ground. 

Don Quixote ana Sancho, ill-intreated, rose up, and look- 
ing round about, they wondred to see themselves in the 
same garden, from whence they had parted, and to see such 
a company of people layd upon the ground : and their ad- 
miration was tne more increased, when on one side of the 
garden, they saw a great lance fastned in the ground, and a 
smooth white piece of parchment hanging at it, with two 
twisted strings of ^reene silke, in which the following words 
were written with fetters of gold. 

^The famous and valorous Knight, Don Quixote de la 
^ Mancha, finisht and ended the Adventure of the Countesse 
^Trifaldi, otherwise called. The Afflicted Matron and her 
^ Company, onely with undertaking it. 

^ Malambruno is satisfied and contented with all his heart, 
^ and now the Wayting-womens chins are smooth and cleane, 
^ and the Princes Don Clanixo and Antonomasia are in their 
^ pristine being, and when the Squires whipping shall bee 
^ accomplished, the white Pigeon shall be free from the 
^ pestiferous ler-Falcons that persecute her, and in her loved 
^ Lullers armes ; for so it is ordained by the sage Merlin, 
^ Proto-Endianter of Enchanters.'* 

When Don-Quixote had read these letters of the parch- 
ment, he understood plainely, that they spoke of the dis- 
enchanting of Dulcinea, and giving many thankes to Heaven, 
that with so little danger he had ended so great an exployt, 
as reducing the faces of the venerable Wayting-women, to 
their former smoothnesse, that were now gone: he went 

30 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

towards the Duke and the Duchesse, who were not as yet CHAPTER 
come to themselves, and taking the Duke by the hand, nee ^^ 
sayd; Courage, courage, noble Sir, all'*s nothing, the Ad- OfClavUeno's 
venture is now ended, without breaking of barres, as you Jf"^*H' V^ 
may plainely see by the writing there in that Register. thfs dilated 

The Duke (like one that riseth out of a profound sleepe) Adventure. 
by little and little came to himselfe, and in the same Tenor 
the Duchesse, and all they that were downe in the garden, 
with such shewes of marvell and wonderment, that they did 
even seeme to perswade, that those things had happened to 
them in earnest, which they counterfeited in jest. The Duke 
read the scrowle with his eyes halfe shut ; and straight, with 
open arme, hee went to imbrace Don Quixote, teUing him 
he was the bravest Knight that ever was. Sancho looked 
up and downe for the Afflicted, to see what manner of face 
shee had, now shee was dis-bearded, and if shee were so 
faire, as her gallant presence made shew for : but they told 
him, that as Clavileno came downe burning in the aire, and 
lighted on the ground, all the Squadron of Wayting-women 
with Trifaldi vanished, and now they were shaved and un- 
feathered. 

The Duchesse asked Sancho, how he did in that long 
voyage ? To which he answered, I, Madam, thought (as my 
Master told me) we passed by the Region of nre, and I 
would have uncovered my selfe a little ; but my Master (of 
whom I asked leave) would not let me: but I that have 
certaine curious itches, and a desire to know what is for- 
bidden me, softly, without being perceived, drew up the 
handkerchifie that blinded me, a little above my nose, and 
there I saw the earth, and me thoughts it was no bigger 
then a graine of Mustard-seed, and the men that walked 
upon it, somewhat bigger then Hazel-nuts, that you may 
see how high we were then. To this (sayd the Duchesse) 
Take heede, friend Sancho, what you say ; for it seemes you 
saw not the earth, but the men that wtdked on it : for it 
is plaine, that if the earth shewed no bigger then a graine 
of Mustard-seed, and every man like a Hazel-nut, one man 
alone would cover the whole earth. 

Si 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Tis true indeede (quoth Sancho) but I looked on one 
^^U side of it, and saw it all. Looke you, Sancho (quoth the 
Of Clavileno's Duchesse) one cannot see all of a thine by one side. I can- 
anivall, with not tell what belongs to 3'our seeing. Madam (quoth 
Stedilai Sancho) but you must thmke, that since wee flew by 
Adventure. Enchantment; by Enchantment, I might see the whole 

earth and all the men, which way soever I looked : and if 
you beleeve not this, neither will you beleeve, that uncover- 
ing my selfe about my eye-browes, I saw my selfe so neere 
heaven, that betwixt it and me there was not a handfull and 
a halfe ; and I dare sweare. Madam, that ^tis a huge thing : 
and it hapned that we went that way where me seven 
Shee-goat-starres were, and in my soule and conscience, I 
having been a Groat-heard in my youth, as soone as I saw 
them, I had a great desire to passe some time with them ; 
which had I not done, I thought I should have burst. Well, 
I come then, and I take ; What doe I do ? without giving 
notice to any body ? no, not to my Master himselfe : faire 
and softly I lighted from Clavilefio, and playd with the 
Goates that were like white Violets, and such pretty flowers, 
some three quarters of an houre, and Clavilefio moved not a 
whit all this while. 

And while Sancho was playing with the Goats all this 
while, quoth the Duke, what did Signior Don Quixote ? To 
which (quoth Don Quixote) As all these things are quite 
out of their naturall course, tis not much that Sancho hath 
sayd : onely for me, I say, I neither perceived my selfe 
higher or lower, neither saw I Heaven, or Earth, or Seas, or 
Swds. True it is, that I perceived I passed thorow the 
middle Region, and came to the fire : out to thinke we 
passed from thence, I cannot beleeve it ; for the Region of 
fire being betweene the Moone, and Heaven, and the latter 
Region of the aire, wee could not come to Heaven, where 
the seven Groats are, that Sancho talkes of, without burning 
our selves : which since wee did not, either Sancho lies or 
dreamcs. 

I neither lie nor dreame, quoth Sancho ; for aske mee the 
signes of those Groats, and oy them you shall see whether 
82 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I tell true or no. Tell them, Sancho, quoth the Duchesse. CHAPTER 
Two of them (quoth Sancho) are greene, two bloud-red, two ^^^ 
blew, and one mixt-coloured. Heere'^s a new kinde of Goats Of Clavileno*8 
(quoth the Duke) in our Region of the earth wee have no JJ!"^^!' V^ 
such coloured ones. Oh, you may be sure (quoth Sancho) ^^ dilated 
there ''s difference betweene those and these. Tell mee, Adventure. 
Sancho (quoth the Duke) did you see amongst those Sheets 
•any He-goat ? No, Sir (quoth Sancho) for I heard say that *An equivo- 
none passed the homes of the Moone. call question ; 

They would aske him no more touching his voyage ; for ^ ^ Sp^e 
it seemed to them, that Sancho had a clew to carry him all cal/cuckolds 
Heaven over, and to tell all that passed there, without Cabrones, 
stirring out of the garden. In conclusion, this was the He-goats, 
end of the Adventure of the Afflicted Matron, that gave 
occasion of mirth to the Dukes, not oncly for the present ; 
but for their whole life-time, and to Sancho to recount for 
many aees, if he might live so long. But Don Quixote 
whispenng Sancho in the eare, told him; Sancho, since 
you will have us beleeve all that you have scene in 
Heaven, I pray beleeve all that I saw in Monte- 
sino^s Cave, and I say no more. 



4:E 88 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 



CHAPTER XLII 

Of the advice that Don Quixote gave Sancho 

Fansa, before he should goe to governe 

the Iland, with other matter 

well digested. 

nlHE Dukes were so pleased with the happy 
and pleBsaDt succease of the Adventure of 
The Afflicted, that they determined to 
goe on with their jests, seeing the fit 
subject they had, to make them passe for 
earnest; bo having contrived and given 
order to their servants and vassals, that 
they should ohey Sancho in his Govern- 
ment of the promised Hand, the next day afler the jest of 
Clavileilo's flight, the Duke bade Sancho prepare, and put 
bimselfe in order, to goe to be Governor ; for that now nis 
IlanderB did as much desire him, as showres in May. 

Sancho made an obeysance to him, and sayd ; Since I came 
downe from Heaven, and since from on high I beheld the 
earth, and saw it so small, I was partly co^ed in my desire 
to be a Governor ; for what greatnes can there be, to com- 
mand in a graine of Mustaxd-seede ? or what dignity or 
power to goveme halfe a doozen of men about the bignesse 
of Hazel-nuta F for to my thinking, there were no more in 
all the earth. If it would please your Lordship to give mee 
never so little in Heaven, though twere but halfe a league, 
I would take it more willingly then the biggest Iland in the 
world. Looke yee, friend Sancho (quoth the Duke) I can 
give no part of Heaven to no body, though it be no bigger 
then my nayle: for these favours and graces are onely in 
Gods disposing. What is in my power, I give you, that is, 
an Iland, right and straight, round and well-proportioned, 
and extraordinarily fertdll and abundant, where, if you have 
S4 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the Art, you may with the riches of earth, hoord up the CHAPTER 
treasure of Heaven. XLII 

Well then (quoth Sancho) give us this Dand, and in Of the advice 
spiffht of Rascals He eo to Heaven ; and yet for no covet- ^} ^° 
o\i>ne88e to leave my ooore Cottage, or to get me into any g^'^h^^pS;;! 
Palaces, but for the desire I have to know what kinde of before He 
thing it is to bee a Govemour. should goe to 

If once you prove it, Sancho, quoth the Duke, you will be ffoverne the 
in love with governing ; so sweet a thing it is to command, ^^^^^y ^^' 
and to be obeyed. I warrant, when your Master comes to 
be an Emperour, for without doubt he will be one (accord- 
ing as his affaires goe on) that he will not bee drawne from 
it, and it will grieve him to the soule, to have beene so long 
otherwise. 

Sir, (quoth Sancho) I suppose ^tis good to command, 
though it be but a head of Cattell. 

Let me live and die with thee, Sancho, (quoth the Duke) 
for thou knowest all, and I hope thou wilt be such a 
Govemour as thy discretion promiseth, and let this suffice ; 
and note, that to morrow about this time thou shalt goe to 
the Grovemment of thy Hand, and this sitemoone thou shalt 
be fitted with convenient apparell to carry with thee, and all 
things necessary for thy departure. 

Chd mee (quoth Sancho) how you will, for howsoever ye 
clad me, lie be still Sancho Pansa. 

You are in the right (quoth the Duke) but the Robes 
must be sutable to the Office or dignity which is professed ; 
for it were not fit that a Lawyer would be clad like a 
Souldier, or a Souldier like a Priest. You, Sancho, shall 
bee clad, partly like a Lawyer, and partly like a Captaine : 
for in the Hand that I give you, Armes are as requisite as 
Learning. 

I have little learning (quoth Sancho) for as yet I scarce 
know my A B C, but tis enough that I have my Christs 
Crosse ready in my memorv to bee a good Govemour. 
He manage my weapon till I rail againe, and God helpe mee. 
With so good a memory (quoth the Duke) Sancho cannot 
doe amisse. 

S5 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER By this time Don Quixote .came, and knowing what 
XLII passed, and that Sancho was so speedily to eo to his 
Of the advice Government, with the Dukes leave, nee tooke him by the 
^at Don hand, and carried him aside, with a purpose to advise him 
^mchcJ^da ^^^ ^^ should behave himselfe in his Office. When they 
before he ' came into Don Quixote^s chamber, the doore beeing shut, hee 
should goe to forced Sancho, as it were to sit downe by him, and with a 
goveme the stayed voyce said : 

Hand, etc j gj^^ infinite thankes, fiiend Sancho, that before I have 

received any good fortune, thou hast mette with thine: I 
that thought to have rewsjrded thy service with some good 
lucke of mine to have saved that labour, and thou sodamely 
past all expectation hast thy desires accomplished, others 
bribe, importune, sollicit, rise earely, intreat, ctow obstinate, 
and obtame not what they sue for ; and another comes hab- 
nab, and goes away Mrith the place or Office, that many 
others sought for, and heere tne Proverbe comes in and 
joynes well; that. Give a man luck, and cast him in the 
S^. Thou, that in my opinion art a very Groose, without 
early rising, or late sitting up, without any labour, onely the 
breath of Knight-Errantry oreathing on thee, without any 
more adoe art Grovemour of an Band, a matter of nothing. 
All this I say, Sancho, that thou attribute not this happi- 
nesse to thy deserts, but that thou give God thankes, that 
sweetly disposeth things ; next, thou shalt impute them to 
the greatnesse of the profession of Knight Errantry. (Thy 
heart then disposed to beleeve what I have said) be atten- 
tive, oh my Sonne, to this tliy Cato, that will advise thee, 
be thy North-starre and guide to direct and bring thee to a 
safe port, out of this troublesome Sea where thou goest to 
ingulfe thy selfe in ; for your Offices and great charges are 
nothing else but a profound gulfe of confusions. 

First of all, O sonne, thou must feare God : for to feare 
him, is wisedome, and being wise, thou canst erre in nothing. 
Secondly, thou must consider who thou art, and know thy 
selfe, which is the hardest kinde of knowledge that may be 
imagined : from this knowledge thou shalt leame not to be 
swofne like the frogge, that would equall himselfe with the 
36 



HIStORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Oze, for if thou doe this, thou shalt (falling downe the CHAPTER 
wheele of thy madnesse) come to know thou wert but a ^^^ 
ho^e-keeper. Of the advice 

Ijiat^s true (quoth Sancho) but "'twas when I was a boy : ^^} ^° 
but after, when I grew to be somewhat mannish, I kept ^^hopSiM 
Greese, and not Hogges ; but this me thinkes is nothing to before he 
the purpose, for all they that govcme, come not from the should goe to 
loynes of Kings. ff^T^® ^^ 

Tis true (said Don Quixote) therefore these that have no *^^' ®*^ 
noble beginnings, must mixe the gravity of their charge 
they exercise, with milde sweetnesse, which, guided with 
wisedome, may free them from malicious murmuring, fit>m 
which no state or calling is free. 

Rejoyce, oh Sancho, in the humility of thy linage, and 
scome not to say, thou commest of labouring men, for when 
thou art not ashamed thy selfe, no body will seeke to 
make thee so, and alwaies strive to be held meane and 
vertuous, rather then proud and vicious : an infinite number 
from low beginnings have come to great risings, as Pontifi- 
ciall and Imperiall dignities : and to confirme this, I could 
bring thee so many examples as should weary thee. 

Note, Sancho, that if you follow Vertue for your meane, 
and strive to doe vertuous deeds, you need not envy those 
that are borne of Princes and great men, for bloua is in- 
herited, but vertue is atchieved, vertue is of worth by it 
selfe alone, so is not birth. 

Which being so, if perchance any of thy kindred come to 
see thee when thou art in thy Hand, refuse him not, nor 
affront him, but entertaine, welcome and make much of 
him, for with this, God will be pleased, that would have 
no body despise his making, and thou shalt also in this 
correspond to good nature. 

If tnou bring thy wife with thee (for it were not fit that 
those who are to govern long, should be without them) 
teach her, instruct her, refine her naturall rudenesse : for 
many times all that a discreet Grovemour gets, a clownish 
foolish woman spills and loses. 

If thou chance to be a widdower (a thing that may happen) 

87 



CHAPTER 
XLII 

Of the advice 
that Don 
Quixote gave 
^nchoPansa^ 
before he 
should goe to 
ffoveme the 
Iland, etc 



"^Agood 
Item to our 
Judges of 
the Common 
Law. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

and desire to marry againe, take not such a one as may serve 
thee for a baite and fishing rodde to take bribes: for let 
me tell thee, the husband must give an account of all that 
(being a ludge) his Mrife receives, and at the generall resur- 
rection, shall pay foure-fold what he hath beene accused for 
in his life-time. 

Never pronounce judgement rash or wilfully, which is 
very frequent with ignorant ludges, that presume to be 
skiliiill. 

Let the teares of the poore finde more compassion (but 
not more justice) then the informations of the rich. 

Seeke as well to discover the truth, from out the promises 
and corruptions of the rich, as the sobs and importunities of 
the poore. 

When equity is to take place, lay not all the rieour of 
the law, upon the delinquent ; for the fame of the ngorous 
ludge, is not better then of the compassionate. 

If thou slacken lustice, let it not be with the waight of a 
bribe ; but with the waight of pitty. 

When thou happenest to judge thine enemies case, forget 
thy injury, and respect equity. 

JLet not proper passion blinde thee in another mans cause, 
for the errors thou shalt commit in that, most commonly 
are incureable, or if they be helped, it must be with thy 
wealth and credit. 

If any faire woman come to demand justice of thee, tume 
thy eyes from her teares, and thy eares from her lamenta- 
tions, and consider at leisure the summe of her requests, 
except thou mean that thy reason be drowned in her weep- 
ing, and thy goodnesse in her sighes. 

*Him that thou must punish with deeds, revile not with 
words, since to a wretch the punishment is sui&cient, with- 
out adding ill language. 

For the delinquent that is under thy jurisdiction, consider 
that the miseraole man is subject to the temptations of 
our depraved nature, and as much as thou canst, without 
grievance to the contrary party, shew thy selfe milde and 
gentle, for altiiough Gods attributes are equall, yet to our 

S8 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

suht his mercy is more precious and more eminent then CHAFTER 
his justice. X^^ 

uSancho, thou follow these rules and precepts, thj daies Of the advice 
shall be long, thy fame etemall, thy rewards full, thynappi- t^«t 1*°" 
nesse indelible, thou shalt marry thy children how tnou ganchoPMM 
wilt, they shall have titles, and thy grand-children, thou before he ' 
shalt live in peace and love of all men, and when iJiy life should goe to 
is ending, death shall take thee in a mature old age, and g?™™" *** 
thy Nephewes shall close thy eyes with their tender and ''*°'*' ^*"" 
delicate hands. 
Hose I have told thee hitherto, are documents, concerning 
thy soule, to adome it ; hearken now to those that 
must serve for the adorning thy hody. 



CHAPTER XLIII 

Of the second advice that Don Quixote gave 
Sancho Pansa. 

HO could have heard this discourse, and not 
held Don Quixote for a most wise Person- 
age, and most honest? But as it hath 
beene often told in the progresse of this 
iHTge History, he was onely besotted, when 
he touched upon his Cavallery, and in the 
rest of his talke hee shewed a cleere and 
currant apprehension : so that every foot 
his works bewrayed his judgement, and his judgement his 
workes. But in these second documents he gave now to 
Sancho, he shew'd a great deale of lenity, and ballanced his 

i'udgement and his madnesse in an equall Scale. Sancho 
learkened most attentively unto him, and strove to beare 
in minde his instructions, as thinking to observe them, 
and by them to be very well delivered of his big-swolne 
Government. Don Quixote proceeded, saying ; 




i; 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Touching the governing thine owne person and houshold, 
XLIII Sancho, the first thing I enioyne thee to, is to be cleanly, 
Of the second and to paire thy nailes, not letting them grow, as some doe, 
advice that whose ignorance hath made them thinke "'tis a fine thing to 
iraire^aucho ^^^^ ^^^^ nailes, as if that excrement and superfluity that 
Pansa. they let grow, were onely their nailes, rather the clawes of 

a lizard-bearing Castrell, and a foule abuse it is. 

6oe not un-girt or loose, for a slovenly garment is a signe 
of a carelesse minde, if so be this kinde of slovenly loose- 
nesse be not to some cunning end, as it was judged to be in 
lulius Caesar. 

Consider with discretion what thy Government may bee 
worth, and if it will afford thee to bestow liveries on thy 
servants, give them decent and profitable ones, rather then 
gawdie or sightly, and so give thy cloth amongst thy ser- 
vants and the poore, I meane, that if thou have sixe Fages, 
give three of them liveries, and three to the poore, so shalt 
thou have Pages in earth, and in heaven : and your vaine- 
glorious have not attained to this kinde of giving liveries. 

Eat not Garlicke or Onions, that thy Pesantry may not 
bee knowne by thy breath : walke softly, and speak stayedly, 
but not so as if it appeared thou hearkenedst to thy selfe, 
for all kinde of affectation is naught. 

Eat little at dinner, but lesse at supper, for the health of 
the whole body is forged in the forge of the stomake. 

Be temperate in drmking, considering that too much wine 
ne3rther keepes secret, nor fulfils promise. 

Take heede, Sancho, of chewing on both sides, or to met 
before any body. 

I understana not your ructing, quoth Sancho: to ruct 
(quoth he) is as much as to belch, and this is one of the 
fowlest words our language hath, tiiough it be very signi- 
ficant ; for your more neat people have gotten the Latin 
word, and call belching, ructing, and belchers, meters : and 
though some perhaps imderstand not this, tis no great 
matter, for use and custome will introduce them that they 
may easily be understood, and the power that the vulgar 
and custome hath, is the enriching of a language. 

40 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Truly (said Sancho) one of your advices that I meane to CHAPTER 
remember, shall be not to belch, for I am used to do it often. XLIII 
Ruct, Sancho, not belch, quoth Don Quixote. Ruct I will ^^ the second 
say, quoth he, hence-forward, and not forget it. advice that 

Likewise, Sancho, you must not intermixe your discourse ^y" Saucho 
with that multiplicity of Proverbs you use; for though Paiisa. 
Proverbs be witty short sentences, yet thou brin^est them 
in so by head and. shoulders, that they are rather absurdities 
then sentences. This (quoth Sancho) God Almighty can 
onelv helpe, for I have more Proverbs then a booke will 
hold, and when I speake, they come so thick to my mouth, 
that they fall out, and strive one with another, who shall 
come out first: but my tongue casts out the first it meetes 
withall, though they bee nothing to the purpose, but I will 
have a care heereafter, to speake none but shall be fitting to 
the gravity of my place; for where there is plenty, the 
ghests are not empty, and he that works, doth not care for 
play, and he is in safety that stands under the bcls, and his 
judgements rare, that can spend and spare. 

Now, now, quoth Don Quixote, ^lue, thred, fasten thy 
proverbs together, no body comes : the more thou are told 
a thing, the more thou dost it ; I bid thee leave thy pro- 
verbs, and in an instant thou hast cast out a Letany of um, 
that are as much to the purpose, as. To morrow I found a 
horse-shoo. Looke thee Sancho, I finde not fault with a 
proverbe brought in to some purpose, but to load and heap 
on Proverbs huddling together, makes a discourse wearisome 
and base. 

When thou getst on horse-backe, doe not goe casting thy 
body all upon the crupper, nor carry thy legges stifle downe, 
and stradoling from tne horses belly, nor yet so loosely, as 
if thou wert still riding on thy Dapple, for your horse- 
riding makes some appeare Gentlemen, others Groomes. 

Let thy sleepe be moderate, for hee that riseth not with 
the Sunne, loseth the day : and observe, Sancho, that dili- 
gence is the mother of good Fortune, and sloth the contrary, 
that never could satisfie a good desire. 

This last advice that I meane to give thee, though it be 

4:F 41 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER not to the adorning of the body, yet I would have thee 

XLHI beare it in thy memory ; for I beleeve it will bee of no lesse 

Of the second use to thee, tnen those that I have hitherto given thee, and 
advice that J^ Jg 

^T^&!nch^ That thou never dispute of Linages, comparing them 
Pansa. together, since of necessity amongst those that are compared, 

one must be the better, and of him thou debasest thou shalt 
bee abhorred, and of him ennoblest, not a whit rewarded. 

Let thy apparell be a pained hose, and long stockings, a 
long-skirted jacket, and a cloake of the longest : but long 
hose by no meanes, for they become neyther Gentlemen 
nor Govemours. 

This is all, Sancho, I will advise thee to for the present ; 
as the time and occasions serve hereafter, so shall my instruc- 
tions bee, so that thou be carefiill to let me know how thou 
dost. 

Sir, (quoth Sancho) I see well that you have told me 
nothing but what is good, holy, and profitable: but to 
what purpose, if I remember nothing? True it is that, 
that of not letting my nailes grow, and to marry againe if 
need be, I shall not forget ; but your other slabber-sawces, 
your tricks and quillets, I cannot remember them, nor shall 
not, no more then last yeeres clouds : therefore I pray let 
me have them in writing, for though I can neyther write 
nor read, lie give them to my Confessor, that he may frame 
them into me, and make me capable of them at time of 
need. 

Wretch that I am, quoth Don Quixote, how ill it appeares 
in a Govemour, not to write or rcade ! for know, Sancho, 
that for a man not to read, or to be left-handed, argues 
that eyther he was a sonne of meane Pcu^nts, or so un- 
happy and untowardly, that no good would prevaile on 
him. 

I can set to my name, quoth Sancho, for when I was 
Constable of our Towne, I learnt to make certaine letters, 
such as are set to marke trusses of stufie, which they said 
spelt my name : Besides now, De faine that my right hand 
is maimed, and so another shall firme for me ; for theres a 

4S 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

remedy for every thing but death ; and since I beare sway, CHAPTER 
lie doe what I list : for according to the Proverb, *He that XLIII 
hath the ludge to his Father, etc. and I am Govemour, Of the second 
which is more then ludge. I, I, let um come and play at 5^*^*^** 
boe-peepe, let um backe-bite me, let um come for wooll, ^o^J]J]^ho 
and He send them backe shome; whom Grod loves, his Pansa. 
house is savoury to him, and every man beares with the ^ . trooDe 
rich mans follies, so I being rich, and a Govemour, and of abiuxd 
liberall too, as I meane to be, I will be without aU faults, speeches still 
No, no, pray be dainty, and see what will become on 't, have to Sancho's 
much, and thou shalt be esteemed much, quoth a Grandame P^'^ 
of mine, and might overcomes right. 

Oh, a plague on thee, Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) three- 
score thousand Satans take thee and thy Proverbs, this howre 
thou hast beene stringing them one upon another, and giving 
me tormenting potions with each of them : I assure thee, 
that one of these dayes these Proverbs will carry thee to 
the gallows, for them thy vassalls will bereave thee of thy 
Government, or there will be a community amongst them. 
Tell mee, ignorant. Where dost thou finde them all? or 
how dost thou apply them, Ninny-hammer ? for, for me to 
speake one and apply it well, it makes me sweat and labour, 
as if I had digged. 

Assiuredly, Master mine, quoth Sancho, a small matter 
makes you angry : why the Devill doe you pine that I make 
use of my owne goods ? for I have no other, nor any other 
stocke but Proverbs upon Proverbs : and now I have foure 
that fall out jump to the purpose, like Pearcs for a working 
basket: but I wil say nothing, for now Sancho shall be 
called Silence: Rather babling, quoth Don Quixote, or 
Obstinacy it selfe ; yet I would faine know what foure 
Proverbs they be that came into thy minde, so to the 
purpose; for I can think upon none, yet I have a good 
memory. 

What better (said Sancho) then Meddle not with a hollow 
tooth : And, Go from my house, What will you have with my 
wife ? Theres no answering : and. If the pot fall upon the 
stone, or the stone on the pot, ill for the pot, ill for the 

43 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER stone ; all which are much to the purpose. That no body 
XLIII meddle with their Grovemour, nor with their Superiour, lest 
Of the second they have the worst, as he that puts his hand to his teeth 
advice that ^g^ ^j^ey be not hollow, tis no matter if they be teeth) 
ffin^ SM^ho Whatsoever the Govemour saies, there is no replying, as in 
raisa. 8A3^ng» Gret you from my house, and. What will you have 

with my wife ? and that of the pot and the stone, a blinde 
man may perceive it : so that ne that sees the moate in 
another mans eye, let him see the beame in his owne, that 
it may not be said by him, The dead was afraid of her that 
was flayd. And you know. Sir, that the foole knowes more 
in his owne house, then the wise man doth in anothers. 

Not so, Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) for the foole, nejrther 
in his owne house nor anothers, knowes ought, by reason that 
no wise edifice is seated upon the increase of his folly : and 
let us leave this, Sancho, for if thou goveme ill, thou must 
beare the fault, and mine must be the shame ; but it com- 
forts mee that I have done my duty in advising thee truly, 
and as discreetly as I could, and with this I have accomplisht 
with my obligation, and God speed thee Sancho, and goveme 
thee in thy Government, and bring mee out of the scruple I 
am in, that thou wilt tume thy Grovemment with the heeles 
upwards, which I might prevent, by letting the Duke know 
thee better, and telung him, that all that fatnesse, and 
little corps of thine, is nothing but a sack of Proverbs and 
knavcrie. 

Sir (quoth Sancho) if you thinke I am not fit for this 
Government, from henceforward I lose it: I had rather 
have a poore little scrap of the naile of my soule, then my 
whole body : and I can as well keepe my selfe with, plaine 
Sancho, a Loafe and an Onyon, as a Gt)vemour with Capons 
and Partridges: and whilst we are asleepe, all are alike: 
great and small, poore and rich : and if you consider on ''t, 
you shall finde, that you onely put me into this veine of 
governing : for I know no more what belongs to governing 
of Hands then a Vulture; and rather, then in being a 
Grovemour, the Divell shall fetch my soule, I had ratner 
be Sancho, and goe to heaven, then a Grovemour and go to 
44 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

hell. Truely, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote : for these last CHAPTER 
words thou haat spoken, I deeme thee worthy to govern a XUII 
thousand Hands ; thou hart a good naturall capacitie, with- Of the tecond 
out which no science is worth ought ; serve God, and erre ?ji*^*'«*1^5(- 
not in thy maine intentions, I meane that thou alwayes —ye^ncho 
have a firme purpose and intent, to be sure in all busi- f^usa. 
nesses that shall occurre, because Heaven alwayes 
&vours good desires, and let *s goe dine : for I 
beJecve now the Lords expect ua. 



CHAPTER XLIV 

How Sancho Pansa was carried to his Government, 

and of the strange Adventure that l)efeU 

Don Quixote in the Castle. 

S savd, that in the originall of this History, 
it IS read, that when Cid Hamete carae to 
write this Chapter, the Interpreter trans- 
lated it not as he had written it, which 
was a kinde of complaint of himselfe, that 
he undertooke so dry and barren a story, 
as this of Don Quixote, because it seemed 
that Don Quixote and Sancho were the 
sole speakers, and that he durst not enlarge himselfe with 
other digressions, or graver accidents and more delightfull : 
and he sayd, That to have his invention, his hand and his 
quill, tyed to one sole subject, and to speake by the mouthes 
of few, was a most insupportable labor, and of no benefit to 
the Author : so that to avoyd this inconvenience, in the first 
part he used the Art of Novels, as one, of The Curious Im- 
pertinent, another of The eaptiv'd Captaine, which are (as it 
were) separated from the History,,though the rest that are 
there recounted, are matters that happened to Don Quixote, 

45 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER which could not but be set downe : he was of opmion like- 
XLIV wise, as he sayd, that many being carried away with atten- 
How Saucho tion to Don Quixotes eimloyts, would not heeae his Novels, 
Pansa H^ ^jj s|^jp them, either tor haste or irkesomnesse, without 
Government ^^^^S ^^^ cunning worke-manship, and framing of them, 
and of the ' which would be plainely shewne, if they might come to 
strange light by themselves alone, without Don Quixotes madnesse, 

^t^h *f 1? ^^ Sancho's simplicities ; therefore in this second part, hee 
Don QuLote ^^^^^ ^^* engraflTe loose Novels, or adjoyning to the Story, 
in the Castle, ^^t certaine accidents that might bee like unto them, sprung 

from the passages that the truth it selfe offers, and these too 
sparingly, and with words only proper to declare them : and 
since he is shut up and contained in the limits of this narra- 
tion, having understanding, sufficiency and ability to treat 
of all, his request is, that his labour bee not contemned, but 
rather that hee bee commended, not for what hee writes, but 
for what he hath omitted to write : so he goes on with his 
History, saying ; 

That when Don Quixote had dined, the same day that 
hee gave Sancho his instructions, in the after-noone he let 
him nave them in writing, that he might seeke some body 
to read them to him : but as soone as ever he had given 
him them, he lost them, and they came to the Dukes hands, 
who shewed them to the Duchesse ; and both of them afresh 
admired at Don Quixotes madnesse, and his understanding 
together : and so going forward with their jests, that after- 
noone they sent Sancho well accompanied to the place, that 
to him seemed an Hand. 

It fell out then that the charge of this businesse was laid 
upon a Steward of the Dukes, a good wise fellow, and very 
conceited ; for there can be no wit that is not governed witn 
discretion; hee it was that playd the Countesse Trifaldis 
part, with the cunning that nath beene related, with this 
and with his Masters instructions how he should behave 
himselfe towards Sancho, hee performed his taske mar- 
vellously. I say then, that it hapned, that as Sancho saw 
the Steward, the very face of Trifaldi came into his mindc, 
and turning to his Master, hee said : Sir, the Divell beare 
46 



% 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

me from hence just as I beleeve, if you doe not confesse, CHAPTER 
that this Steward of the Dukes heere present, hath the very XLIV 
countenance of the A£9icted. How Sancho 

Don Quixote earnestly beheld the Steward, and having ***"?V^^*®v| 
thorowly scene him, said to Sancho : There is no need of the Government 
Divels taking thee just as thou beleevest (for I know not and of the 
what thou meanest) for the A£9icteds face is just the same strange 
that the Stewards is : but for all that, the Steward is not Adventure 
the Afflicted ; for to bee so, were a manifest contradiction, Sj** ^^ixote 
and now tis no time to sift out these things, which were to ^ theCastle. 
enter into an intricate Labyrinth : beleeve me, friend ; 'twere 
fit to pray to God very earnestly, to deliver us from these 
damned Witches and Enchanters. Tis no jesting matter, 

auoth Sancho, for I heard him speak before, and me thought 
lie very voice of Trifaldi sounded in my eares. 
Well, I will bee silent : but yet I will see henceforward, 
if I can discover any signe to confirme or forgoc my jealousie. 
You may doe so, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote ; and you shall 
give me notice of all that in this businesse you can discover, 
and of all that shall befall you in your Government. 

Sancho in conclusion departed with a great troope, clad 
like a Lawyer, and upon his backc he had a goodly tawny 
riding Coat of watrea Chanilet, and a Hunters Cap of the 
same, he rode upon a Hee Moyle *after the Ginet fashion, *The Stirrops 
and behinde him, by the Dukes order, his Dapple was ledde, s^o^t, ^"<1J^ 
with trappings and Asse-like ornaments all of silke : Sancho ^KK^""*"*®^ 
turned his head now and then to looke upon his Asse, with 
whose company he was so well pleased, tliat he would not 
have changed to have beene Emperour of Germany. At 

Earting he kissed the Dukes hands, and received his Masters 
enediction, who gave it him with teares, and Sancho received 
it with blubberings. 

Now, Reader, let honest Sancho part in peace and in 

5ood time, and expect two bushels of laughter, which his 
emeanour in his Government vrill minister to thee : and in 
the meane time, marke what befell his Master, that very 
night : for if it make thee not laugh outright, yet it will 
cause thee shew thy teeth, and grin like an Ape : for Don 

47 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Quixotes affaires must either bee solemnized with admira- 

XLIV tion or laughter. 
How Sancho Tis said then, that Sancho was scarce departed, when Don 
Pansa was Quixote resented his solitarinesse, and if it had been possible 
G^mmeir ^^^ ^^^ ^ '^^^^ revoked his Commission, or taken away his 
and of the ' Government, he would have done it. 

strange The Duchesse knew his Melancholy, and asked him why 

Adventure he was so sad : for if it were for Sandio'^s absence, shee had 
Don oSx te ^"^''^> ^^^ Waiting-women, and Damozels in her house, 
in theCastle. ^^^^ would doe him all service. 

True it is. Madam, quoth Don Quixote, that I resent 
Sancho^s absence : but that is not the principall cause, that 
makes me appeare sad : and of those many kindnesses, that 
your Excellency offers me, I onely accept and make choyse 
of the good will with which they are offered, and for the 
rest, I numbly beseech your Excellencie, that you give me 
leave in my Chamber to serve my selfe. 

Truely, Signior Don Quixote, quoth the Duchesse, it must 
not be so : for foure of my Damozels shall waite upon you, 
as faire as flowers. They shall be no flowers to mee (quoth 
he) but very thomes, that pricke my soule. They shiall fly 
as soone as enter into my Chamber, or come neere me. If 

irour Greatnesse will continue in your favours towards me, 
et this be one, that I may serve my selfe within mine owne 
doores, that I may put a wal in midst of my desires and 
honesty; and I will not forgoe this custome, for all the 
liberabtie that your Highnesse wiU shew unto [me]. To 
conclude, I will rather sleepe in my cloathes, then yeeld 
that any body shall help to undresse me. 

Enough, enough, oignior Don Quixote (quoth the 
Duchesse) for my part. He give order that not so much 
as a Fly, shall come within your distance, much lesse a 
Damozell: I am none of those that would make Simior 
Don Quixote transcend his decency: for as I have a Kind 
of glimmering, one of Signior Don Quixotes most eminent 
vertues, is his honestie. Vndresse your selfe, and goe to 
bed alone after your owne fashion how you will, and no 
body shal hinder you, and in your chaml>er you shal have 



\ 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

al things neceflsary, and locke your doore to you : your CHAPTER 
vessels snail be ready, that no naturall cause make you rise XLIV 
to open your doore. How Sancho 

Long live the Grand Dulcinea del Toboso, and her name ^^^'^^^^fi.. 
farre extended upon the Globe of the earth, since she de- ^^rnment 
served to bee beloved of so honest and v€diant a Knight: and of the 
and the gracious heavens infuse into Sancho Pansa our Strang 
Govemour his heart, a desire to finish the disciplining of 4^^*^^^ 
himselfe quickly, that the world may re-enjoy the beauty of j^^ S^ota 
so great a Lady. in the CasUe. 

To which (quoth Don Quixote) your Highnesse hath 
spoken like your selfe : for no ill thmg can proceed from 
the mouth of so good a Lady, and Dulcinea shall be the 
more happie, and more esteemed in the world, in that your 
Greatnesse hath praised her, then if she had had the praises 
of the best Rhetoricians in the world. 

Well : Goe too, Signior Don Quixote (quoth the Duch- 
esse) tis now supper time, and the Duke expects us ; come. 
Sir, let ^s sup, and to bed betimes: for your voyage yester- 
day from Candaya, was not so short, but it haUi left some 
wearinesse in you. 

None at all, Lady (quoth he :) for I may sweare to your 
Exoellencie, that in my life time I never rode upon a gentler 
nor better -paced Beast then Clavileiio; and I know no 
reason why Malambruno should lose so swift and so gentle 
a horse, and so bume him without more adoe. 

You may imagine (quoth she) that hee (repenting him of 
the hurt he had done Trifaldi and her company, and many 
others; and of the wickednes, that as a Witdb and En- 
chanter he had committed) would destroy the instruments 
of his office, and so burnt Clavileiio as the chiefest of them ; 
and that which did most disquiet him, roving up and 
downe ; and so with his burnt asnes, and the trophy of the 
scrowle, Don Quixotes valour is eternalized. 

Don Quixote afresh gave fresh thankes to the Duchesse : 
and when hee had supt, he retyred to his Chamber alone, 
without permitting any body to serve him, he was so afraid 
to meet with occasions that might induce him to forget 

4:G 49 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER the honest Decorum due to his Lady Duldnea, Amadis his 
XLIV goodnes being alwayes in his imagmation, the flower and 
How Sancho Lookin^-glasse of Knights Errant. 

Paiisa was j^q doore he shut after him, and undressed himselfe by 

^cirameS'' *^ ^S^^ ^^ *^^ ^"^ Candles, as he puUed off his stock- 
and of the ' ^g^ (Oh ill lucke unworthy such a personage) there broke 
strange from him, not sighs or any such thing that might discredit 

Adventure his cleanely neatnesse, but some foure and twenty stitches 
Son Ou^ote *°^ * halfe, that made his stocking looke like a Lettice- 
in theCstftle. ^'*^dow - the good Knight was extremely afflicted, and 

would have given for a dram of greene silke, an ounce of 
silver : greene silke, I say, for his stockins were greene : and 
here Benengeli exclaimed, saying: Oh Povertie, povertie, I 
know not what moov'^d that famous Cordovan Poet, to call 
thee holy thankelesse gift. For I that am a Moore, know 
very well, by the communication I have had with Christians, 
that holinesse consists in Charitie, Humilitie, Faith, Obedi- 
ence and povertie : but yet a man had need have a speciall 
grace from Grod, that can be contented, being poore, except 
it be with such a kinde of povertie, as one of the greatest 
Saints speakes of: Esteeme of all thiuj^s as if you had them 
not, and this is called poorenesse of Spirit. But thou, 
second povertie, (of that kinde that I meane) why do'^st 
thou nuxe thy selfe with Gentlemen, and those that oe well 
borne? Why dost thou make them cobble their shooes; 
and that the Buttons of their lerkins, be some Silke, others 
Hayre, others Glasse ? Why must their Ruffes for the most 
part he unset Lettice-wayes, and not set with the Sticke ? 
(and by this you may perceive how ancient the use of Starch 
is, and of setting Rufles.) He proceeds: Vnhappy he, that 
*He describes being well borne, puts his credit to shifts, as by ill faring, 
*^®J^^* with his doore locked to him, ^making his Tooth-picker an 
his huDLre Hjrpocrite, with which he comes to the street doore picking 
countrey men ^ teeth, though he have eate nothing that should require 
ingeneralL such cleanelinesse. Vnhappy he, I say, whose credit is 

skarred, and thinkes that a patch upon his shoo is spied a 
League off, or the thorow sweating of his Hat, or the thred- 
barenesse of his Cloke, or the hunger of his Maw. All this 
60 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

was renued in Don Quixote by the breach of his Stocking : CHAPTER 
but his comfort was, that Sancho had left him a " pavre of XLI V 
Bootes, which he thought to put on the next day. Finally, How Sancho 
to bed hee went heavy and pensative, as well for want of ^*^??A**i,. 
Sancho^s company, as for the irreparable misfortune of his Government" 
Stocking, whose stitches he would have taken up, though and of the 
it had beene with silke of another colour, which is one of strange 
the greatest signes of misery, that may befall a Grentleman 4^^®J^y^ 
in the Progresse of his Prolixe necessiue. He put out the ^* Sl^ote 
lights, twas hot, and he could not sleepe ; so he rose from in the Castle, 
his bed, and opened a little the lidde of an Iron window 
that looked toward a faire garden ; and opening it, hee per- 
ceived and heard people stirring and talking in the Garden ; 
they below raised their voices : insomuch, that these speeches 
might be heard : 

Be not so earnest with me, O Emerencia, to have mee 
sing : for thou knowest that ever since this stranger hath 
beene in the Castle, and that mine eyes beheld him, I 
cannot sing, but weep : besides, my Ladies sleepe is rather 
short, then sound ; and I would not that she should know 
we were heere, for al the goods in the world : and though 
she should sleepe, and not wake, my singing yet were m 
vaine, if this new iGneas sleepe, and wake not to give ear 
to it, this, that is come into my Eingdomc to leave me 
scorned and forsaken. 

Thinke not of that, friend Altisidora (said they) for 
doubtlesse the Duchesse and every body else in the house 
is asleepe, except the Master of thy heart, and thy soules 
alarum ; for now I heard him open his window, and he is 
certainly awake: sing poore grieved wretch, in a low and 
sweet tune, to the sound of thy Harpe, and if the Duchesse 
should perceive it : our excuse shall be, that we are heere by 
reason tis so bote within doores. 

Tis not for our being here, O Emerencia, quoth Altisi- 
dora, but that I am not willing my Song should discover 
my heart ; and that I should bee held by those that have no 
notice of the powerfull force of love, for a longing and light 
huswife: but come what will on it, better shame in the 

51 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER face, then a spot in the heart : and with this shee heard a 
^l^y Haipe most sweetly playd on. Which when Don Quixote 
How Sancho heanl, it amazed him : and in the instance an infinite com- 
P*°!^^ pany of Adventures came into his minde, of Windowes, 
G^emmen't ^^^9 Grardens, Musick, Courting, and fopperies, that he had 
and of the * I'c^ ^ his sottish bookes of Knighthooa; and straight he 
strange imagined that some Damozell of the Duchesses was enamored 

'^^^1^!^ on him, and that her honesty enforced her to conceale her 
Don^ldsote ^<^^°9 ^^ ^^ aftaid lest he should yedd, but firmdy 
in theCartle. purposed not to be vanquished ; so recommending himselfe, 

heart and soule, to his Lady Dulcinea del Toboso, he deter- 
mined to hearken to the Musick : and that they mi^t know 
hee was there, he fained a sneeze which not a litUe pleased the 
Damozels, that desired nothing else : so Atisidora running 
on, and tuning her Harpe, began this Song : 

Thou that in thy bed do'st lye^ 
In midst of Holland sheetes ; 
Sleeping with thy leggw Out-stretcht, 
All night long untilf the mome. 

Oh thou Knight the valiantest. 
That all Mancha hath produc% 
More hones^ and more blest withaU, 
Then the fin st Arabia gold^ 

Heare a Dam'zell sorrowfully 
Tall of ^owth ; but ill sh' hath tfariv'd : 
That, with light of thy two sunnes^ 
Feeles her soule enflam'd and soorcht. 

Thou thy Adventures followest^ 
Others mis-adventures find'st, 
Thou giv'st wounds ; and yet deeny'st^ 
To give healing remedy. 

Tell me, O thou valiant youth : 
(God increase thy maladies) 
VVert thou bred m Africa, 
Or in laca Mountainous ? 

Serpents nourish thee with milke, 
(^ perhaps thy Nurses were 
Th' uncouth tnicknesse of the woods. 
Or the Mountaines horrible ? 

52 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Well may Dulcinea, she 
Tliat Mune dam'iell plump and eound^ 
Bragge that she hatn conquer'd a 
Tyger and a nlvage Beast 

For which she shall famoas be^ 
From Henares to Xarama^ 
Tagus^ Mansanares, and 
Pisuerga^ and Arlanxa too. 

Oh that I might change with her, 
I would give my Coat to boote ; 
And the gaudy st that I have^ 
All bedawb'd with golden frindge. 

Oh that I were in thy armes. 
If not 80^ but neere uiy bed^ 
That I miffht but scratch thy head 
And the Dand-roffe rid from thee. 

Much I aske^ but not deserve 
Favours so remarkeable : 
Let roe then but touch thy fbote 
Fit for my humilitie. 

Oh what night-oaps I would give> 
And what suver socks to tfaee^ 
What Damaska breeches eke^ 
And what cloakes of Holland too ? 

Likewise of the finest Pearles 
Each as bigve as any Gall^ 
Which, if that there were but one, 
Might be call'd. The one alone. 

Do not from thy Tarpey view 
This same fire that doth me scorch 
Manchegan Nero of the worlds 
Nor kindle 't with thy cruelty. 

Young I am, a tender chicke^ 
Not yet my age is past fifteene^ 
Fourteene am I^ three moneths more 
I sweare to thee in Conscience. 

I doe not limpe^ I am not lame^ 
Nothing about me maim'd ; 
And my Lookes like Lillies are 
That doe dragge upon the ground. 



CHAPTER 
XUV 

How Sancho 
Fansa was 
carried to his 
Government^ 
and of the 
strange 
Adventure 
that befell 
Don Quixote 
in the Castle. 



5S 



CHAPTER 
XUV 

How Sancho 
Pansa was 
carried to his 
Government, 
and of the 
strange 
Adventure 
that befell 
Don Quixote 
in the Castle. 



*Hi8 adven- 
ture in the 
first nart with 
the Carrier 
and Mari- 
tomes in the 
Vente. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

And although my mouth be wide^ 
Yet my nose is something flat. 
And my teeth are Topaces : 
Beauty lifts me to the clowds. 

My voice you see, if that you harke. 
To the sweetest equall is. 
And my disposition too, 
Lesse tnen reasonable is. 

These and other graces more. 
Of th^ Quiver are the spoiles. 
Of this house I Dam'zeli am. 
And Altisidora call'd. 

Here the sore wounded Altisidora ended her song, and the 
fright of the required Don Quixote began, who fetching a 
deepe sigh, said within himseUe, That I must be so unhappy 
an Errant, that no Damozell that sees me, but is enamoured 
on mee! that, Duldnea del Toboso should be so unfortunate, 
that they will not let her alone enjoy my incomparable 
firmenesse! Queens, What meane you toward her? Em- 
presses, why do you persecute her ? Damozels of fourteene 
or fifteene yeeres, wny doe you baite her? Leave, leave 
the poore creature, let her triumph, ioy, and rejoyce, with 
the tot that Love gave her, in yeelding her my heart, and 
delivering her my soule. Look, ye enamoured troop, for 
Duldnea onely am I of paste and sugar-pellets, and for 
all else of Flint ; for her I am hony, for you bitter Aloes : 
Dulcinea only is to me, faire, discreet, honest, gallant, well- 
born; and others, foule, foolish, light, and worse-borne. 
Nature threw mee into the world to bee onely hers, and 
no-bodies else : let Altisidora weepe or sing, *let the Lady 
despaire for whom I was banged in the Castle of the En- 
chanted Moore ; for sod or roasted, I am Dulcinea'^s, cleane, 
well -nurtured and honest, in spight of all the powerfuU 
witch-crafts of the earth: and with this he clapt to the 
window sodainely, and all angry and despiteous, as if some 
disgrace had llefalne him, nee got him to bed: where 
for the present we will leave him, for the Grand 
Sancho Pansa calls upon us, who meanes to 
begin his famous Grovemment. 

54 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER XLV 

How the Grand Sancho Pansa tooke possession 

of his Hand, and the manner of his be^n- 

ning to goveme. 

PERPETUALL discoverer of the Anti- 
podes, Torch to the world. Eye of Heaven, 
sweet stirrer of wine-cooling vessels, oae 
while Titan, another Phcebus, sometimes 
an Archer, other -whiles a Physician, 
Father of Poesie, Inventer of Musicke, 
thou that alwaies risest, and (though it 
secmes so) yet never settest To tnee I 
speake, O Sunne, by which man begets man: to thee I BpeiJie, 
hclpe me, and lighten my obscure wit, tliat I may punctu- 
ally runne thorow the narration of the Grand Sancho Pansa's 
Government; for without thee I am dull, unmolded, and 
confused. I proceed then thus : 

Sancho with all his troopc came to & Towne, which had 
in it about a thousand Inhabitants, which was one of the 
best the Duke had, they told him the Hand was called Bara- 
taria, eyther because the town was called Baratario, or else 
because he had obtained his Government so cheap. AVhen 
he came to the Tovm-gates (for it was walled) the Officers 
came out to welcome him, the bells rung, and all the 
Inhabitants made shew of a generall gladnesse, and they 
carried him in great pompe to the high Church, to give 
God thankes ; and straight after some ridiculous ceremonies, 
they delivered him the keyea, and admitted him for per- 

Eetuall Gijvernour of the Hand Barataria. His apparell, his 
eard, his fatnesge, and the shortneiae of this new Govemour, 
made all the people admire, that knew not the liggc of the 
matter, and those also that knew it, which were many. 

55 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Finally, when he came out of the Church, they carried 
XL.V him to the ludgement seat, and seated him in it, and the 
How the Dukes Steward told him. It is an olde custome, Sir Gover- 

ft^^^u^lf**^ nour, in this Hand, that he that comes to take possession of 
pcMJaLion of ^^^^ famous Hand, must answer to a question that shall be 
hislliuid^ and Aaked him, that must be somewhat hard and intricate, by 
the manuer whose answere the Towne ghesseth and taketh the pulse of 
of his hegiu- their new Govemours capacity, and accordingly, is either 
2JJJ5^^ glad, or sorry at his comming. 

Whilst the Steward said this to Sancho, he was looking 
upon certaine great Letters that were written upon the 
wall over-against his seat, and because he hims^e could 
not reade, hee asked what painting that was in the wall ? It 
was answered him : Sir, the dav is set downe there in which 
your Honor tooke possession ot this Band, and the Epitaph 
saien thus, ^ This day, such a day of the Moiieth and Yeere, 
Signior l)on Sancho l^msa tooke possession of this Hand, 
long may hee enjoy it/ And wh<Nm call they Don Sancho 
l^BUisa ? said Sanclio. Your Honor (quoth the Steward :) 
for no other Pluisa hath come into this Iland, but he that 
is seated in that seat. Well, marke you. Brother, quoth 
Sanchoi there belongs no Don to mee, neythcr erer was 
there any iu aU my Linage^ I am plaine Saochos my Father 
was called Sancho, my Grand&ther and all were Fknsa\ 
without anv additions of Dons or Donnas^ and I bdeeTe 
this Iland is as full of Donss as stones : but txs enough, 
God kuowfs my meaning, and perhaps^ if my Grovemment 
last but (bure daies to an end» He weed out these Dons^ 
that with their multiplicity doe weary and trouble like 
Mo(K]uitos, On with vour question^ Master Steward, lie 
answer you as well as 1 can« let the towne be sorry or not 
sorry. 

At this instant two men came into the judgemeBt phce ; 
the one clad like a husbandman^ and m other fike a 
'l\vlor« having sheeres in his hand; the Taylor said. Sir 
in>veruor« I and this Husbandman are come befiore you 
for this cause: This honest man came ytsterday to my 
sho^\ juhJ U saving your revenmce^ am a Taylor, and a 



% 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

free maD, God be thanked, and shewing mee a piece of CHAPTER 
cloth, asked mee ; Sir, will there bee enough heere to make ^J^V 
me a Capouche ? I measuring the cloth, answered him, Yes : How the 
hee thought as I did, and I thought true, that I would Grand Sancho 
steale some of his cloth, being mcuiciously bent, and out ^*"^V^k« 
of the ill opinion he had of Taylors : and hee replied againe, tig ^aid° wid 
that I should tell if there were enough to make two : I the maimer of 
smelt his drift, and told him, I ; and my Gallant in his ^ beginnizig 
first knavish intention, went adding more Capouches, and *^ ffoveme. 
I answered with more ycs-ses, till we came to five, and 
even now hee came for them, I give them him, but he will 
not pay me for the making, rather he demands that I pay 
him, or retume him his cloth. Is it true this (quotn 
Sancho) ? Yes, said the fellow ; but pray, Sir, let him shew 
his five Capouches that hee hath made me. With a very 

food will, (quoth the Taylor:) and incontinently taking 
is hand from under his cloake, hee shewed five Capouches 
in it, upon each finger one, and said; Behold heere the 
five Capouches that tnis man would have me make, and in 
my soule and conscience I have not a jot of cloth left, as 
any workeman shall jud^. 

All the by-standers laughed at the number of the Ca- 
pouches, and the strange contention. Sancho, after a little 
consideration, said ; Me thinkes, in this* suit there need no 
delayes, but a quicke and plaine judgement; My sentence 
therefore is, that the Taylor lose nis labour, and the 
Husbandman his cloth, and that the Capouches be carried 
to the poore in the prison, without any more adoe. 

If the sentence that pa^ed of the Grazier bredde admira- 
tion in the by-standers, this moovM them to laughter ; but 
what the Governour commanded, was fulfilled : before whom, 
two ancient men were now presented ; the one had a hollow 
Cane, in stead of a stafie, the other had none : hee without 
the stafie, s€dd, Sir, I lent this honest man long since, tenne 
Crownes in good Gold, to doe him a kindncsse : I let him 
alone a good while, without asking for them, because I 
would not put him to more trouble to repay me, then hee 
had to borrow them of mee ; but because I saw him care- 

4:H 57 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER lesse of the payment, I have asked him more then once or 
XLV twice for my money, which hee not onely doth not retume 
How the me, but denies, and saves, hee never received the tenne 

P^^^SST^^ Crownes I lent him, or that if I did lend them him, he hath 
po^siou of P*y^ ™^ • ^ ^^^^ ^^ witnesses, neyther of the lending, or of 
Wlluid, and the payment: I pray, Sir, will you take his Oath? and 
the maimer of if he will sweare that hee hath payd mee, I give him an 
his beginning acquittance from henceforth, ana before God. What say 
togoveme. y^^ ^ ^j^j^^ honest olde man with the stafie (quoth 

Sancho)? Sir, I confesse that hee lent them mee, and 
^^The custome *hold downe your rodde, and since he will have mee sweare, 
of Spaine I will, that I have payd him really and truely. The 
hTlhSto Governour held out Ws rod, and in the meane time, he 
sweare, makes ^^^ ^^^ stafie, gave it to the other old man to hold, 
a crofise over whilest hee was to sweare, as if it had hindred him : so 
the rod of with his hand he made a crosse over the rod of lustice, 
lustice. sayinff, Twas true that he had lent him the ten crownes 

that he demanded ; but that hee had truely restored them 
to him againe, and that his forgetting of it, made him 
continually demand them. Which when the Grand Gover- 
nour saw, hee asked the Creditor what hee could say 
against his Adversary? He said, that surely his debter 
said true, for hee held him to be an honest man, and a good 
Christian, and that it might be he had forgotten, how 
or when he payd him, and that from henceforward hee. 
would never demand him ought. The debtor tooke his 
stafie againe, and making an obeysance, was going out of 
the judgement place: Which when Sancho saw, and that 
he was going without any more adoe, and seeing likewise 
the others patience, hee nodded with his head on his brest, 
and clapt the Index of his right hand, upon his nose and 
eye-browes, and a pretty while was as it were considering, 
and by and by lifted up his head, and commanded that 
the olde man with the stafie should be brought to him: 
and Sancho seeing him, said, Honest man, give me that 
stafie ; for I have use for it. With a very ffood will, quoth 
the olde man; heere tis. Sir, and gave it him. Sancho 
tooke it, and giving it to the other olde man, sayd, Groe 
58 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

on Grods name, now you are payd. I Sir? said the old CHAPTER 
man, why, can this Cane be worth ten crownes ? Yes, ^^^ 
said the Govemour, or else I am the veriest block-head How the 
in the world: and now you shaU 'see whether I have a Grand Sancho 
braine or no to goveme a whole kingdome: so hee com- p^^ionof 
manded that before them all the Cane should be broken, his Hand, and 
which was done, and in the midst of it, they found the the manner of 
ten crownes. hisbeg^nin^ 

All of them admired at this, and held their Govemour ^"^ 8^^®"^^ 
for a second Salomon. They asked him, how hee gathered 
that the ten crownes was in the Cane? He answered. 
That because hee saw the old man that was to sweare, 
give his Adversary the staffc whilest he tooke his oath, 
and that hee swore he had given him the money truely 
and really ; and that when he had ended his oath, he 
demanded his stafFe of him againe, it came into his imagina- 
tion, that within it the money was hidden : whereby it may 
be collected, that although many Govemours are starke 
Asses, yet sometimes it pleaseth God to direct them in 
their Judgements; for besides, hee had heard the Vicar of 
his parish tell of such an accident as this, and that he had 
a speciall memory, for if it were not for forgetting all he 
desired to remember, there were not such a memory in the 
whole Hand. 

At last one of the old men ashamed, and the other payd 
his money, they departed, and those that were present, ^jre 
astonisht ; and he that wrote downe Sancho's words, deeds, 
and behaviour, could not resolve, whether he should set 
him downe, A foole or a wise-man. 

As soone as this sute was ended, there came a woman into 
the place of judgement, laying hold strongly on a man clad 
to see to, like a rich Grazier, who came crying aloud, and 
saying, Justice, Lord Govemour, lustice, and if I have it 
not on earth, I will seeke it in heaven. Sweet Govemour, 
this wicked man met me on the high way, and hath abused 
my body, as if it had beene an unw&shed ragge ; and, 
unhappy that I am, he hath gotten that, that I nave kept 
these three and twenty yeeres, defending it from Moores 

59 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and Christians, from home-bred ones and strangers ; I have 
XLV beene as hard as a Corke-tree, and kept my selfe as entire 
How the as the Salamander in the fire, or as the wooll amongst the 

Grand Sancho Briars, and this man must come now with a washt hand 
p^B^n of *°^ handle mee. This is to be tried yet (quoth Sancho) 
his Iland^ and whether this gallants hands be washt or no ; and turning 
the manner of to the fellow, he said. What answer you to yonder womans 
his beginning complaint ? who all in a friffht answered : Sir (quoth he) I 
to goveme. ^ [ ^^^ g. ^^^^ ^j deafe in swine, and this morning I 

went (with pardon be it spoken) from this towne to sell 
foure hogges, and the tallage and other fees cost me little 
lesse then they were worth: as I went homeward, by the 
way I met with this good Matron, and the Devill the Author 
of all mischiefe, yoak'^d us together: I gave her sufficient 
pay, but she not satisfied, laya hold on me, and would not 
let me soe till shee had brought mee hither : she sayes that 
I forced her, and I sweare she lies, and this is true every jot 
of it. Then the Grovemour asked him, if he had any mony 
about him? who answered him. Yes; that he had in a 
lethem purse in his bosome, some twenty Crownes in silver. 
He commanded him to take it out, and to deliver it just as it 
was to the plaintife ; which he did trembling : the woman 
received it, and making a thousand Moorish ducks to the 
company, and praying to Grod for the Governors life and 
health, that was so charitable to poore Orphans and Maidens, 
she went out from the place of ludgement, laying fast hold 
with both her hands on the purse, though first she looked 
whether twere silver within or no. She was scarce gone, 
when Sancho said to the Grazier, that had teares standing 
in his eyes, and his heart going after his purse; Honest 
fellow, run after yonder woman, and take her purse from 
her whether she will or no, and bring it me hither. He 
spoke not to a foole or a* deafe man, for straight he parted 
like lightning, and went to perform what was commanded 
him. All that were present were in suspence, and expec- 
tation of the end of that suite, and a little after, both 
man and woman returned together, more fastned and clung 
toother then formerly, she with her coat up, and her 
60 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

purse in her lappe, and he striving to get it from her, CHAPTER 
which was not possible, she did so resist, crying out and ^^^ 
saying, lustice of Grod and the world : looke you, Sir How the 
Govemour, marke the little shame or feare of fiiis des- Grand Sancho 
perate man, that in the middest of a congregation, and in p^^^Ji^ of 
the midst of a street, would take away my purse that you his Iland^ and 
commanded him to give me. tiie manner of 

And hath he got it ? said the Grovemour. Got it ? (said ^" beginning 
she) I had rather lose my life then the purse ? I were a ^ fi^^^™®- 
pretty childe yfaith then ; you must set other manner of 
Coltes upon mee then this poore nasty sneake-up : Pincers, 
hammers, beetles, scraping tooles, shall not get it out of 
my clawes, out of my Lyons pawes ; they shfidl rather get 
one halfe of my soule out of my flesh. Shee sayes right 
(quoth the fellow) I yeeld to her, I have no more power, I 
confesse my force is not sufficient to take it away. 

Then said the Grovemour to the woman ; You, honesty. 
Virago, give me that purse hither : which shee did : and the 
Governor restored it againe to the man, and said to the 
forcible woman, but not forced. Do you heare, sister? if 
you had shewed but halfe your valor and breath to defend 
your body, that you did for your purse, Hercules his force 
could not have forced you : get you gon with a Pox ; come 
not into this Hand, nor in sixe Leagues round about it, 
on paine of two hundreth lashes: get you gone straight 
(I say) make-bate, shamelesse coozener: the woman was 
affrighted, and away she went like a sheepe-biter, and melan- 
choly, and the Govemour said to the man. Honest fellow, 
get you home on Gods name with your money, and hence- 
forward if you meane not to lose it, pray have no minde 
to yoake with any body. The man as clownishly as he 
could, thanked him, and went his way : the by-standers 
admired afresh at the judgement, and sentences of their 
new Grovemour. All which noted by his Chroniclist, was 
straight written to the Duke, that with much desire ex- 
pected it. And leave we honest Sancho here : for his 
Master hastens us now, that was all in a hurly- 
burly with Altisidora'^s Musick. 

61 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 



CHAPTER XLVI 

Of the fearefull Low-Bell-Cally horrour, that Don 

Quixote received in Frocesse of his Love, by 

the enamoured Altisidora. 

^E left the Grand Don Quixote enveloped 
' in the imaginations, which the Musicke 
of the enamoured Damozell AltiBidora 
had caused in him : to bed hee went 
^th them, and as if they had beene 
Fleas ; they gave him no rest or quiet, 
and to these were added those of his 
torne Stockings : but as time is swift, 
and no stumbling blocke will sUy him, he went on horse- 
backe on the houres, tind the morning came on speedily. 
Which when Don Quixote saw, hee left his soft bed, and 
nothing lazie, put on his Chamoized apparell and his Bootes, 
to hide the hole of his Stockings ; he cast his Scarlet Mantle 
upon him, and put on his head his hunters Cap of green 
Velvet, laced with silver Lace, his Belt he hung at his 
shoulder, with his trusty cutting Blade, hee layd hold on a 
Rosary which he used still to carry with him ; and with 
goodly representation and gate, he went towards an out- 
roome, where the Duke and Duchesse were ready drest, and 
as it were expecting him : and as he was to passe thorow 
a Gallery, Altisidora and the other Damozell her ftiend, 
were greedily expecting him : And as soone as Altisidora 
saw him, shee famed a swounding ; and her friend got her 
into her lappe, and in all haste went to unlace her. 

Don Quixote that saw it, comming neere them, said. Now 
I know from whence these fits proceed. 

I know not from whence (said her friend) for Altisidora is 
the healthiest Damozell in all this house, and I never per- 
caved so much as a sigh from her, since I have knowoe her : 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

a mischiefe on all Knights Errant in the world, if all be so CHAPTER 
ungratefull : pray Signior Don Quixote, get you gone ; for XLVI 
as long as you are here, this poore Wench will not come to Of the feare- 

her seBe. C^^"^'^"" 

To which said Don Quixote, Get me, Mistris, a Lute into tha/Do"^^'^* 
my Chamber soone at night, and He comfort this afflicted QuUote re- 
Damozell as well as I can : for in amarous beginnings ceived in 
plaine dealing is the most approoved remedy; so ne went Processeofhig 
away, because they that passed by, should not note or Z^^ wS** 
observe him : he was no sooner gone, when the dismayed Altisidora. 
Altisidora comming to her selfe, said to her companion, By 
all meanes let him have the Lute : for undoubtedly Don Quixote 
will give us Musicke, and being his, it cannot bee bad. 

Straight they went to let the Duchess^ know what passed, 
and of Uie Lute that Don Quixote required : and she jocund 
above measure, plotted with the Duke and her Damozels, to 
play a trick with him that should be more pleasant then 
nurtful; and so with much longing they expected till it 
should be night, which came on speedily as the day had 
done, which the Dukes passed in savoury discourse with 
Don Quixote : and that day the Duchesse indeed dispatcht 
a Page of hers, that in the wood acted the enchanted 
Dulcinea^s part, to Teresa Pansa, with her Husband Sancho^s 
Letter, and with the bundle of stufie that he had left to be 
sent her, charging him to bring her a true Relation of all 
that he passed with her. 

This done, and it growing towards eleven of the clocke 
at nieht, Don Quixote founa a VyoU in his Chamber : hee ^^These verses 
tunea it, opened the window, and heard people walke in andtheformer 
the Garden, and having runne over the frets of the VioU, ^^^^ to^ 
and ordering it as well as he could, he spit and cleared his |,^ scurvy on 
brest, and straight with a voyce somewhat hoarceish, though purpose by 
tuneable, he sung the ensuing Romant, which the same day the Author, 

he had composed. fitting the 

'^ occasions and 

* The powerfull force of Love the subjects. 

Oft doth unhindge the soule, ^ he observes 

Taking for his iMtrument neyther verse 

Ever carelesse Idlenesse. °®' ™"^ 

63 



CHAPTER 
XLVI 

Of the feare- 
fuU Low-Bell- 
Callyhorrour, 
that Don 
Quixote re- 
ceived in 
P^rooesseofhii 
Love^ by the 
enamoured 
Altiddora. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

To use to sow and worke. 

And to be ever occupied^ 

Ib the onely Antidote 

Gainst the pofson of Loves griefes. 

Damsels that live retir'd. 
With desire of marriage. 
Honesty their portion is^ 
And the Trumpet of their praise. 

They that Knifhts Errant be. 
They that in Court doe live 
Court the looser sort of maides. 
And the honest make their wives > 

Some Loves are of the East, 

Loves that are held with Oastesses, 

That straight set in the Wests 

End when the parting is. ' 

The Love that new come is, 
Comes to day, to morrow parts. 
Never leaves the Images, 
In the soules imprinted welL 

Picture upon picture drawne, 
Shewes not well, nay leaves no draught ; 
Where a former beauty is. 
Second needs must lose the tricke. 

Painted, Dulcinea, I, 

Del Toboso, so wdl have 

In smooth Tablet of my soule, 

Hiat ther 's nought can blot her out 

Constancie in Lovers is 
The part most to be esteem'd ; 
For which love doth miracles. 
And doth raise us up aloft. 

Here Don Quixote ended his Song, which was hearkened 
to by the Duke, Duchesse, Altisidora, and almost all the 
folke of the Castle; when suddenly from the toppe of an open 
Turret, there fell heavily downe upon Don Quixotes window, 
by the letting downe or a Cord, a great sacke of Cats with 
little Low-bek tyed at their tayles, the noise of which was 

64 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

SO great, and the mewing of the Cats, that although the CHAPTER 
Dukes were the inventers of the lest, yet they themselves XLVI 
were even affrighted, and Don Quixote was timorous and Ofthefeare- 
amazed : and such was his ill lucke, that two or three of full Low-Bell- 
the Cats got in at the window of his Cabbin, and leaping tha/oo"^'*'' 
up and downe on every side, it seemM to him that there Quixote re- 
were a Legion of Divels in his Chamber : they put out the ceived in 
Candles that were burning there, and now they sought how Processeofhis 
to get out : the rising and falling of the cord, at which the ^^^> v^^ 
Low-bels were hanged, ceased not; and the most of the people Altiaidora. 
in the Castle, that knew not the certaintie of the busmesse, 
were astonisht. 

Don Quixote got him on his legges, and laying hold on 
his sword, began to thrust and slash at the window, crying 
out aloud : Avant, ye wicked Enchanters, avant, yee haggish 
scum ; for I am Don Quixote de la Mancha, against whom 
your wicked plots cannot prevaile, or have any power : and 
turning to the Cats that were in his Chamber, liee strucke 
many blowes at them ; they got to the Iron window, and 
there got out : but one of tnem that saw himselfe so baited 
with Don Quixotes slashes, leapt upon his face, and with 
his nayles and teeth, layd hold on nis nose with the pawe. 
Don Quixote roared out as lowd as hee could. Which when 
the Duke and Duchesse heard, and considering what it might 
bee, they ranne up in all haste to his Chamber, and opening 
it with a Master Key, they found the poore Knight striving 
with all his might, to unroote the Cat from his face : they 
called for lights, and saw the unequal Combate : The Duke 
came to part the fray, and Don Quixote cryed alowd. Let 
him alone, leave mee hand to hand with this Divell, this 
Witch, this Enchanter : for He make him know the differ- 
ence betwixt me and him ; and who Don Quixote de la 
Mancha is : but the Cat carelesse of these threats, purred 
and held fast. 

But at length the Duke unloosed him, and flung him out 
of the window. Don Quixotes face was sifted over, and his 
nose was not very sound ; yet hee was very angry, that they 
would not let him finish the battell, that was so long drawne 

4:1 65 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER out betwixt him, and that cursed Enchanter. They made 
XLVI some oyle of Aparice to be brought, and Altiddora her selfe 
Of the feare- with her faire nands bound up the wounds; and laying to 
^Low-Bell- ijie cloathes, she told him in his eare, All these mis-haps 
SiWoT'''^' befall thee, flinty Knight, for the sinne of thy hard-hearted 
Quixote r&- obstinacy: and God grant that Sancho thy Squire may 
ceived in forget to whip himselfe, that thy beloved Dulcinea may stiU 
Processeof his be enchanted, neither maist thou enjoy her, or come to her 
^o£d * bed, at least whilst I live, that adore thee. 
Altisidora. ^^ ^ ^^^^ ^^° Quixote answered not a word ; but fetcht 

a deepe sigh, and straight layd him downe on his bed, thank- 
ing the Dukes for their courtesie ; not for that he was afraid 
of that Cattish-Low-Belly Enchanting crue : but that hee 
was perswaded of their goodwils to come to retire him. 

The Dukes left him to his rest, and went away sorrowfull 

for the ill successe of the jest ; for they thought that Ad venture 

would not have lighted so heavily on Don Quixote, which cost 

him five dayes retirement and keeping his bed, where another 

Adventure befell him more pleasing then the former, which 

the Historian will not recount yet, because of repayring 

to Sancho Pansa, that was very carefull and 

conceited in his Grovemment 



66 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER XLVII 

How Sancho demeaned himselfe in his 
Government 

^KE Story teb us, that Sancho from the 
ludsement Seat was carried to a sumptu- 
ous Palace, where, in a great and spacious 
Hall was spred a Royall and plentifiill 
Table : the winde-Musick played, and 
foure Pages came in to minister water 
to him, which he used with much state : 
the winde-Instruments ceased, and Sancho 
sate him downe at the upper end of the Table, because there 
was no other seate, nor no other Napkin layd but that. 

At his elbow there stood a certaine Personage, that after 
shewed to be a Physician, with a Whale-bone rod in his 
hand : then they toolce off a rich white Towell, which covered 
many sorts of fruits, and a great varietie of severall dishes 
of meates : One that served to be a kinde of Student, said 
grace ; and a Page put a laced Bib under Sancho'a chinne : 
and another that playd the Carvers part, set a dish of fruit 
before him: but he had no sooner eaten a bit, when he with 
the rod touching the dish, it was very suddenly taken from 
before him : but the Carver set another dish of meate before 
him. Sancho would have tasted of it ; but before he could 
touch it, he with the rodde was at it, and a Page set it 
away with as much celeritie as the fruit : which, when 
Sancho saw, he began to be in suspence, and beholding all 
that were by, asked if that meat were to be eaten like •your •Onelf to 
childrens Corall. be toucht. 

To which, he with the Rod made answere. It must bee J^*,]^^ 
eaten, Sir Gtovemor (quoth he) according to the use and ■"'""•"■ 
cuatome of Govemours in other Bands. I, Sir, am aPhysician, 
and am stipended in this Iland to bee so to the Govemouis 

67 . 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER of it : and I am much more carefull of their health, then of 

^^^^^ mine own ; studying night and day, and weighing the com- 

How Sancho plexion of the Grovemour, that I may hit the better upon 

demeaned ^y^^ curing him, whensoever hee falls sicke : and the prin- 

Govenmient* cipall thing I doe, is, to be present with him at meates, 

and to let him eate what I thinke fit for him, and to take 
away, what I imagine may doe him hurt, or bee naught for 
his stomake: and therefore I now commanded the dish of 
Fruit to be taken away, because it is too moyst ; and the 
other dish, because it was too bote, and had much spice, 
that provoked thirst ; and he that drinkes much, killes and 
consumes his humidum radicale^ wherein life consists. So 
that (quoth Sancho) yon dish of Partridges there rosted, and 
in my opinion well seasoned, will doe me no hurt at all. 

To which (said the Physician) You shall not eate of them, 
Sir, as long as I live. 

Why so (quoth Sancho) ? the Physician answered. Because 
Hypocrates our Master, North-starre and light of Physick, 
sayes in an Aphorisme of bis : Omnis scUurcUio malay Perdids 
aute?n pessima : the meaning is : All surfet is ill, but that of 
a Partridge is worst of all. 

If it be so (quoth Sancho) pray see, Master Doctor, which 
of all these dishes will be most holesome for me, and doe 
mee least hurt, and let me eate of that, without banging of 
it with your Rod : for in good sadnesse, I tell you plaine, I 
am ready to dye with hunger ; and to deny me my victuals, 
in spight of Master Doctor, let him say what he will, is 
rather to take away my life, then to increase it. 

You say true. Sir Govemour (quoth the Physician) and 

therfore my opinion is, that you touch not those boyld 

Conies, nor that Veale, for it is watrish meate : if it were 

roasted or powdred ? but twerc much about one. Then 

(quoth Sancno) that great dish that stands fuming there be- 

*A pot of all fore me, me thinkes ^tis an *Olla Podrida^ and by reason of 

kinde of flesh the diversities of things it hath in it, I cannot but meet 

sod together, ^j^ something that will doe mee good. Ab»Uy quoth 

the Physician, farre be such an ill thought from us, quoth 
the Physician : there is nothing in the world that worse 
68 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

nourisheth then an OUa Podrida^ fit only for your Pre- CHAPTER 
bends and Rectors of Colledges, or for your Country mar- XLVII 
riages : Let your Governours Tables be without them, and How Sancho 
let them be furnished with all prime dainties and quaint- ^?"*^^®? , . 
nesse : And the reason is, because alwaies, and wheresoever, Goverame^^^ 
and by whomsoever, your simple medicines are in more re- 
quest then your compounds ; oecause in simples there can be 
no error, in compounds there are many, altring the quantity 
of things of which they are composed, but that that I know 
is fit for the Govemour to eat at present, to preserve his 
health, and corroborate it, is, some hundred of little hollow 
Wafers, and some pretty slice or two of Quince Mermelad, 
that may settle his stomacke, and help his digestion. 

When Sancho heard this, hee leanea himselfe to the backe 
of his chaire, and by fits now and then looked at the Physi- 
cian, and with a grave voyce, asked him his name, and where 
he had studied. 

To which he answered. My name. Sir Governor, is Doctor 
Pedro Rezio de Aguero, I was borne in a Towne called Tir- 
teafuera, which is betweene Caraguel and Almodovar del 
Campo, upon the right hand, and I tooke my degree of 
Doctor in the Vniversity of Osuna. To which (quoth Sancho) 
all enflamed with choUer ; Well, Master Doctor Pedro Rezio 
of Aguero, borne at Tirteafuera, a towne on the right hand 
as we goe from Caraguel to Almodovar del Campo, Gradu- 
ated in Osuna, get you strait out of my sight, or I vow by 
the Sunne, He get me a cudgell, and with bangs begin with 
you, and so forward, till I leave not a Physician in all the 
Hand, at least such as I know to bee ignorant ; for your wise, 
prudent, and discreet Physicians, I will hug them, and honor 
them as Divine persons. I say againe, Pedro Rezio, get you 
gone, or else He take the chaire I sit upon, and dash it upon 
your head, and let me be called in question for it, when I 
give up my Office ; for I can discharge my selfe, by saying 
that I did God service to kill such a Physician, the common- 
wealths hang-man : and let me eat, or else take your Govern- 
ment againe ; for an Office that will not afford a man his 
victuals, is not worth two Beanes. 

69 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER The Doctor was in an uprore to see the Grovemor so 

XLVn cholerike, and would have gone out of the Hall, but that at 

How Sancho that instant a posting-home sounded in the street, and the 

him^^ h* ^^^^^ peeping out of the window, turned backe, saying ; 

Government ^ ^^^^ ^^ come from my Lord the Duke, that brings some 

important dispatch. Tne Post came straight in, sweating 
and amazed, and drawing a Packet out of his bosome, he 
delivered it to the Grovemor. Sancho gave it to the Steward, 
and bade him read the superscription, which was this. To 
Don Sancho Pansa, Governor of the Iland of Barataria, to 
his owne hands, or to his Secretary. Which when Sancho 
heard, he said. Who is here my Secretary ? and one that was 
by, answered, I, Sir : for I can write and reade, for I am a 
Biscayner. With that addition, quoth Sancho, you may 
well be Secretary to the Emperour himselfe; open your 
Packet, and let ^s heere the Contents. 

The new-borne Secretary did so, and having viewed the 
Contents, said, that it was a businesse to be imparted in 
private. Sancho commanded those in the Presence to avoid, 
and onely the Steward and the Carver to remaine, and the 
rest, with the Physician went out, and presently the Secre- 
tary read the Letter following, 

I am given to understand, Signior Don Sancho Pansa, 
that certaine enemies of mine, and of that Iland, meane one 
of these nights to give it a furious assault : twere fit you 
caused watch and ward to be kept, that they take you not un- 

Erovided : I know also by faithfull spies, that foure persons 
ave entred there the Hand disguised to kill you ; for they 
stand much in awe of your abilities : have a care to see who 
comes to speake to you, and eat of nothing that shall be 
presented unto you ; I will be carefull to send you ayd, if 
you be in necessity, and in the rest I hope you will proceed, 
as is expected from your understanding. From hence, the 
4 of August, at foure of the clocke in the morning. 

Your friend, the Duke. 

Sancho was astonisht, and the standers by seemed to be 
70 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

no otherwise ; and turning to the Steward, he said, lie tell CHAPTER 
you what is fit to be done, and that presently ; Clappe mee XLVIl 
Doctor Rezio into dungeon ; for if any body kill me, it is How Sancho 
hee, and with so vile and triviall a death as hunger : Me demeaned 
thinks too, said the Carver, you should doe weU to eat G^e^e'Jj^^ 
nothing of all this meat upon the Table ; for this dinner 
was presented by Nunnes, and it is an olde saying, The 
neerer the Church, the farther from God. I grant ye so 
(quoth Sancho) and therefore for the present give me only a 
piece of bread, and some foure pound of grapes ; for in them 
there can be no poyson, and indeed I cannot live without 
eating : for if we must provide our selves for these wars that 
threaten us, twere fit to be well victualled ; for the guts 
uphold the heart, and not the heart the guts. And you. 
Secretary, answere my Lord the Duke, tell him that his com- 
mands shall be fulfilled most punctually : and commend mee 
to the Duchesse, and say that I request her, that she forget 
not to send my letter by a speciall messenger, and likewise 
the fardell to my wife Teresa Pansa, and in it shee shall doc 
mee a particular favour, and I will bee carefuU to serve her to 
the uttermost of my power : And by the way you may clappe 
in a commendation to my Master, Signior Don Quixote de 
la Mancha, that he may see I am thankefull for his bread ; 
and you like a good Secretary, and an honest Biscayner, 
may in the rest adde what you will, or shall thinke fitting. 
And take away here, and yet leave me something to eat, and 
let these Spies, these Murderers and Enchanters come upon 
me and my Island, He deale with them well enough. 

And now a Page came in, saying, Heere^s a Husbandman, 
a suiter that would speake with your Honor in a businesse 
of importance (as hee sayes.) lis a strange thing of these 
suiters (quoth Sancho) Is it possible they should be so 
foolish as not to perceive that these be not times for them 
to negotiate in ? belike, we that goveme, wee that are 
ludges, are not men of flesh and bloud : and is it not fit 
that we should ease our selves, when necessity requires, 
except they thinke wee should be made of marble ? Verily, 
and in my Conscience if my Government last, (as I have a 

71 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER glimmering it will not) He lay one of these fellowes up for it. 

XLVll Well, bid this honest fellow come in for this once ; out see 

How Sancho first that hee be none of the Spies, or any of my murderers : 

demeaned jfQ^ gj,. (quoth the Page) for he is a very dull soule to see to, 

GoYernment* ^J^^^^ ^ know little, or he hath no more harme then a piece 

of good bread. There ^s no fearing him (said the Steward) 
for wee all are heere. 

Carver (quoth Sancho) were it not possible, now that 
Doctor Rezio is not here, that I might eat a bit of some sub- 
stantiall meat, though ^twere but a crust and an Onion ? 
To ni^ht at Supper (quoth the Carver) your dinner shall bee 
amended, and your Honor shall be satisfied. God grant it 
(quoth Sancho) and now the Husbandman came in, one of a 
very goodly presence, and that you might see a thousand 
miles off, was a good hurtlesse soule. The first thing that 
he said, was. Which is my Lord the Govemour? Who 
should it be (quoth the Secretary) but he that sits there 
in the Chayre? I humble my selfe to his Presence then 
(quoth the Husbandman) and kneeling on his knees, desired 
his hand to kisse. Sancho denied it, and commanded him 
to rise, and to say what he would have. The Husbandman 
did so, and said ; 

I, Sir, am a Husbandman, borne in Miguel Turra, a towne 
some two leagues from Ciudadreal. Here^s another Tir- 
teafuera, quoth Sancho : Say on brother, for let mee tell you, 
I know the place very well, and it is not farre from my towne. 
The business. Sir, is this, quoth the Husbandman ; I by Gods 
blessing, and the full consent of the Catholike Komane 
Church, am married, have two sonnes that be Students ; the 
yongest studies to be Bachelor, and the eldest to be Master. 
I am a Widdower, for my wife died, or to say trulier, a 
wicked Physician killed her, that purged her when she was 
great with childe : and if it had pleased Grod that she had 
beene delivered, and it had beene a sonne, I would have set 
him to study to have beene Doctor, that hee might not have 
envied his brothers, the Bachelor and Master. So that (quoth 
Sancho :) if your wife had not beene dead, or if they had not 
killed her, you had not now beene a Widdower ? No, Sir, 
78 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

by no meanes (quoth the Husbandman.) We are much the CHAPTER 
neerer (quoth Sancho :) forward, brother, tis time to sleepe, XL VII 
have you any more to say ? I say (quoth the Husbandman) How Sancho 
that my sonne that was to be the ^chelor, fell in love in demeaned 
the same town with a Maiden, called Clara Perlerina, daugh- o^^^Sent 
ter to Andrew Perlerina a rich Farmer : and this name of 
Perlerina^s comes not to them by any oiF-spring or discent, 
but that all of this race and name are Palsigistc, and to 
better the name, they were called Perlerina^s; and indeed, 
the maide is as faire as an Orientall Pearle : and looking 
upon her right side, she is like a flower in the field, but on 
her left, otherwise ; for there shee wants an eye, that flew 
out of her head with the small pockes : and though shee 
have many holes left still in her face, many say that love 
her well, that those are not holes, but graves where her 
Lovers soules are buried. 

Shee is so cleanely, that because she will not bewray her 
face, shee weares her nose (as you would say) tucked up, as 
if it fledde from her mouth, and for all tnat, it becomes 
her passing well ; for shee hath a wide mouth : and were it 
not that she wanted tenne or twelve teeth and her grinders, 
shee might passe, and set a marke for the well-favouredst 
to come to. For her lippes I say nothing, for they are so 
thinne and delicate, that if they did use to reele lippes, they 
might make a skeine of hers : but because they are of a more 
different colour then we see ordinarily in lippes, they are 
miraculous ; for they are laspered with blue and greene, and 
Berengcna-coloured, and under correction. Sir Govemour, 
since i paint out the parts of her that I meane to make my 
daughter so exactly, it is a signe I love her, and that I doe 
not dislike her. 

Paint what you will (quoth Sancho) for I recreate my 
selfe with the painting : and if I had dined, there were no 
better dish of fruit to me then your picture. 

I humbly thanke you, sir, for that (quoth the Husband- 
man :) but time will come tJiat I may he thankefuU, if I be 
not now, and if I should paint out to you her gentlenesse, 
and the height of her body, ^twould admire you : but that 

4:K 73 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER cannot be, for she is crooked, her knees and her mouth meet, 

XLVn and for all that ^tis well seene, that if shee could stand up- 

How Sancho right, shee would touch the roofe with her head, and long 

demeaned g^g i^jjjg^ ghg^ would have given her hand to my sonne to be 

Gov^iMient ^^ spouse, but that shee cannot stretch it out, tis so knotted 

and crumpled up ; for all that her goodnesse and good shape 
appears in her long and guttured nailes. 

Tis very well (quoth Sancho) and make account. Brother, 
that now you have painted her from head to foot. What 
would you now? come to the matter without fetches, or 
lanes, or digressions, or additions. I would desire you 
(quoth the Husbandman) to give me a Letter of favour 
to my brother by marriage, her father; to desire him to con- 
sent that this manage may goe forward, since our fortunes 
be equall and our births ; lor to say true. Sir Gk)vernour, my 
Sonne is possessed with the DeviU, and there ^s not a day 
passeth, but the wicked spirits torment him, and once fall- 
mg in the fire, hath made his face as wrinkled as a piece of 
parchment, and his eyes are somewhat bleered and running, 
and hee is as soft conditioned as an Angell ; for if it were 
not for buffeting of himselfe now and then, he were a very 
Saint. 

Will you any thing else, honest friend? quoth Sancho. 
One thing more (quoth he) but that I doe not tell it ; but 
let it out, it shall not rotte in my brest, speed how it will. 
I desire. Sir, that you would give me three hundred, or sixe 
hundred Dukats to helpe my Bachelors portion, I meane 
to helpe him to furnish his house, for they will live by 
themselves, without being subject to the impertinencies of 
fathers in Lawes. 

Will you have any thing else (quoth Sancho)? and be 
not abauied or ashamed to tell it. No truly (quoth the 
Husbandman :) and he had scarce sayd this, when the 
Governor rising up, layd hold on the chayre that he sate 
on, saying ; I vow to you, good-man splay-foot, unmannerly 
clown, if you go not strait and hide your selfe out of my 
presence, lie breake your head with this chayre here, ye 
whoor-son Rascall, the Devils painter: commest thou at 
74 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

this time of day to aske mee sixe hundred Ducats? and CHAPTER 
where have I them, stinkard? and if I had them, why XLVII 
should I give them thee, sottish knave ? What a poxe How Sancho 
care I for Miguel Turra, or all the linage of the Perlerinas ? ^?'"®^®? , . 
Get thee out of my sight, or I sweare by my Lord the Dukes Government 
life, that He doe as I have said. Thou art not of Miguel 
Turra, but some crafty knave, sent from hell to tempt me : 
Tell me, desperate man ! ^tis not yet a day and a halte since 
I came to tne Grovemment: how wouldst thou have mee 
have sixe hundreth Ducats ? The Carver made signes to the 
Husbandman, to get him out of the Hall; who did so like a 
sheepe-by ter, and to see to very fearefull, lest the Grovemour 
should execute his choUer on him: for the cunning knave 
very wel knew what belonged to his part: but leave we 
Sancho to his choUer, and peace be in the Quire, and re- 
tume we to Don Quixote ; for we left his face bound up, and 
dressed for his Cattish wounds, of which hee was not sound 
in eight daies : in one of which this befel him, that Cid 
Hamete promiseth to recount with all the punctositie, 
and truth that he usually doth in the most 
triviall matters of this History. 



76 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER XLVIII 

What hapned to Don Quixote with Donna Rodii- 

guez, the Duchesses Waiting- Woman; with other 

successes, worthy to bee written, and had in 

etemall rememhrance. 

[SHE ill-wounded Don Quixote was exceed- 
ing muit^ and mel&ncholj, with his ttux 
bound up, and scarred not by the hand 
of God, but by the nayles of a Cat (mis- 
fortunes annexed to Knight Errantry) sixe 
dayes past ere bee came abroad : in one 
of which, in a night, when be was awake 
and watching, thinking upon his mis- 
haps, and his being persecuted by Altisidora, he perceived 
that somebody openea his Chamtier doore with a Key ; and 
straight he imagined that the inamored Damozell came to 
set upon bb honestie, and to put him to the hazard of for- 
going his h>yaltie due to his Mistris Duldnea del Toboso. 
No said he, (beleeviug in bis imagination, and this so lowd 
that he might easily bee beard) no beau^ in the world 
shall make mee leave her that is graved and stamped in the 
midst of my heart, and in my innermost entrailes : be thou, 
Mistris mine, either transformed into an Onion-like husband- 
woman, or into a Nimph of the Golden Tagus, weaving webs 
made of silke and gold twist: be thou in Merlins power, or 
iu Moatesino's bis, where ere they will have thee : for where- 
soever thou art, thou art mine; and wheresoever I am, I 
will bo thine. His speech ended> and the doore opened 
biitli together. 

V}) ho stood upon the bed, wrapped from bead to foot in 
a i|uilt of yellow Sattin, a woollen cap upon his head, his 
ftuv and Mustachos bound up: his fiwe iot nis scratdies ; his 

n 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Mustachos, because they should not dismay or fall downe : CHAPTER 
in which posture, hee iookt like the strangest apparition, XLVIII 
that can bee imagined. What hapned 

He nayled his very eyes upon the doore : and whereas hee J? ?^^ . , 
thought to have scene the vanquished and pittifull Altisidora p^^ R^ri- 
enter, he saw that it was a most reverend Matron, with a ^ez^ the 
long white gathered Stole, so long that it did cover and Duchesses 
bemantle her from head to foot: betwixt her left hand Waiting- 
fingers she had halfe a Candle lighted, and with her riffht Wo°^> ^^ 
hand shee shaddowed her selfe, to keepe the light from her 
eyes, which were hid with a great payre of spectacles : she 
came treading softly, and moving her feet gently. 

Don Quixote from his Watch-towre beheld her: and when 
he saw her furniture, and noted her silence, hee thought it 
had beene some Hagge or Magician, which came in that 
shape to doe him some shrewd turne; and hee beganne 
apace to blesse himselfe. 

The Vision came somewhat neerer : but being in the midst 
of the Chamber, she lift;ed up her eyes, and saw with what 
haste Don Quixote was crossing himselfe : and if he were 
afraid to see such a shape, she was no lesse affrighted with 
his : for seeing him so lanke, and yellow in the quilt, and 
with the bends that dis-figured him, she cryed out, saying, 
lesus. What ^s this ? and with the sodaine fnght, the Candle 
dropt out of her hand, and being in the darke, she turned 
her back to be gone ; but for feare stumbled upon her Coats, 
and had a sound fall. 

Don Quixote timorous, began to say, I conjure thee. 
Apparition ! Or whatso'^ere thou art, to tell me who thou 
art, and what thou wilt have with me : If thou bee^st a 
soule in Purgatory, tell me, and I will doe what I am able 
for thee : for I am a Catholike Christian, and love to doe 
good to all the world : for, for this cause I tooke upon me 
the order of Knight Errant, which I professe (whose practice 
extends even to doe good to the soules in Purgatorie.) The 
broken Matron that heard her selfe thus conjured, by her 
feare ghessed at Don Quixote, and with a low and pitifuU 
voice she answered him, Signior Don Quixote, (if you be he 

77 



{• 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER I meane) I am no Apparition nor Vision, nor soule of Purga- 
XLVIII tory, as you have thought : but Donna Rodriguez, my Lady 
What hapned the Duchesses honour a Matron, that come to you with a case 
n ^^" • >» ^^ necessitie of thc^e that you usually give redresse to. 
Donna^Rodri- ^^'' °^^' Donna Rodriguez, quoth Don Quixote, come you 
fTuez^ the happely about some piece of brokage ? For let me tell 
Duchesses you, if you doe, ther s no good to bee done with mee for 
Waiting- any body; thankes to the peerelesse beauty of my Mistris 
Woman, etc. Duicinea del Toboso. So that let me tell you, Donna 

Rodriguez, setting aside all amorous messages, you may 
goe light your Candle againe, and retume, and impart what 
rou will command mee, and any thing you please, excepting 
: say, all kinde of inciting nicities. I Sir, messages from 
any body? You know not me, y£Etith: I am not so stale 
yet, that I should fall to those trifles : for Grod bee praised, 
I have life and flesh, and all my teeth and my grinders in 
my mouth, except some few, that the Catarres which are so 
common in this countrey of Ara^on, have usurped on : but 
stay a little. Sir, He goe out and light my Candle, and He 
come in an instant, and relate my griefes to you, as to the 
redresser of all such like in the world : and so without stay- 
ing for an answere, she left the roomes where Don Quixote 
remained stil and pensative expecting her: but straight, a 
thousand imaginations came into his minde touching this 
new Adventure, and he thought it would be very ill done, 
or worse imagined, to endanger the breach of his vowed 
loyaltie to his Mistris, and said to himselfe, Who knowes 
whether the Divell, that is so subtill and craftie, may deceive 
me now with this Matron ? which hee hath not beene able 
to doc with Empresses, Queenes, Duchesses, Marquesses : 
and I have heard say often by many well experienced men, 
that he will rather make a man sinne with a soule, then a 
. faire one: and who knowes whether this privacie, this op- 
portunitie and silence, may not awake my desires now sleep- 
ing ? and that now in my old age I may fall, where I never 
stumbled in such like chances ? tis better fly, then try the 
combate : but sure I am out of my wits, since I talke thus 
idlely ; and sure it is not possible, that a white-stoled lanke- 
78 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

spectacled Matron should moove or stirre up a lascivious CHAPTER 
thought in the ungodliest brest in the world : Is there any XLVIII 
Matron in the world that hath soft flesh ? Is there any that What hapned 
is not foolish, nice and coy ? Avant then, you Matronly J^ P^'^ 
troopes, unprofiteble for m^^ Do^a Rl^dri- 

How well did that Liady, of whom it was observed that ^uez, the 
she had two Matrons Statue- way es of wood, with their Duchesses 
spectacles and Pin-pillowes at the end of her Seate of State, Waiting- 
as if they had been at workc ? and those Statues served as Woman, etc 
well to authorize her roome, as if they had beene reall 
Matrons. And this said, he flung from the bed to have 
shut the doore, and not have let Mistris Rodriguez come 
in : but as he was going to doe it, she was come back 
with her Candle lighted of white Waxe : and when she saw 
Don Quixote neere her, wrapped in his Quilt, his Beads, his 
woollen Cap, and a thicke cloth about his neck, she began 
to feare againe: and stepping two or three steppes back- 
ward, she asked. Am I safe. Sir Knight ? For I hold it not 
a very honest signe that yoit are up from your bed. Twere 
fit I asked that question of you, quoth Don Quixote ; and 
therefore let mee Know, whether I shal be free from ravish- 
ing? By whom? quoth she. By you (said Don Quixote) 
for neither am I of Marble, or you of Brasse ; neither is it 
now ten a clocke at day time, but mid-night and something 
more, as I thinke : and wee are in a more secret and close 
couch, then the Cave, in which the bold Traiterous ^Encas 
enjoyed the faire and pitying Dido : but give me your hand, 
Mistris, and He have no other assurance, then mine owne 
continencie and warinesse: and in saying this, hee kissed 
her right hand, and she layd hold of his, which shee gave 
him with the same solemnitie. 

Here Cid Hamete makes a Parenthesis, and earnestly pro- 
testeth, he would have given the best Coat he had, to have 
seene them both goe so joyned and linked from the Chamber 
doore to the bed. 

In fine, Don Quixote went to his bed, and Donna Rodri- 
guez sate downe in a Chaire a pretty way from it, without 
taking ofi^ her spectacles, or setting downe the Candle. 

79 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Don Quixote crowded up together, and covered himselfe 
XLVni all over, leaving nothing out his face uncovered: so both 
What hapiied of them being quiet : the first that broke off their silence, 
to Don ^as Don Quixote, saying, Now, Mistris Rodriguez, you 

Donna filodri- ™*y unrip your selfe, and dis-maw all that you have in 
ffuez^ the J^^^ troubled heart, and grieved entrailes, which shall 
Duchesses be heard by my chaste eares, and relieved with my pious 
Waiting- workes. 

Woman, etc. j beleeve no lesse, said the Matron: for from your gentle 

and pleasing presence, there could not bee but a Christian 
answere expected. 

Thus then it is ; Signior Don Quixote, that though you 
see me set in this Chaire, and in the midst of the Kingdome 
of Aragon, in the habit of a poore and way-beaten Matron ; 
*A barren I was borne in the *Asturias and Kingdome of Oviedo, and 
Mountainous of a linage allied to the best of that Province : but my hard 
Sroi^iuike fortune, and my fathers lavishing, that grew to be a Begger 
our Wales. before his time (God knowes how) brought me to the Court 

at Madrid, where very quietly, and to avoid other incon- 
veniencies, my friends placet mee to serve as a Chamber-maid 
to a worthy Lady: and though I say it, that for white- 
worke, hemming and stitching, I was never yet put downe 
in all my life. My friends left me at service, and returned 
homeward, and not lon^ after went (in likelihood) to heaven, 
for they were wonderfuU good Catholike Christians: thus was 
I an Orphan, and stinted to the miserable wages, and hard 
allowance, that at Court is given to such kinde of servants : 
and at that time (I not giving any occasion thereto) a Squire 
of the house fell in love with me, somewhat an elderly man, 
bigge- bearded, and personable, and above all, as good a 
Gentleman as the King: for hee was of the mountaines; 
we kept not our loves so close, but that thev came to my 
Ladies eares : who without any more adoe, with full consent 
of our holy Mother the Catholike Romane Church, caused 
us to be married, by which Matrimony to end my good for- 
tune, if I had any ; I had a Daughter, if I had any, I say 
it was ended, not that I dyed of childbed, for I miscarried 
not : but that my Husband not long after dyed of a fright 
80 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

he had, and had I time now to tell you of it, 'twould ad- CHAPTER 
mire you : and with this, she began to weepe most tenderly, XLVIII 
and said, Pardon me, Signior Don Quixote, for I cannot do What hapned 
withall ; as often as I remember my unfortunate husband, *? P^^ . . 
the teares trickle downe my eyes. Lord God ! and how jj^^a R^ri- 
stately he would carry my l^dv behinde him, upon a lusty jruez, the 
blacke Mule, as black as feat: Ktr then they used no Coaches Ducheflses 
nor hand-Chaires, as now (they say they doe) and then ^*^*^'^ 
Grentlewomen rode behind their Squires : and I cannot but ®°^*°> ®^ 
tell you this Tale, that you may see the punctualnesse and 
goodf maners of my Husband. 

As he was going in at Saint laques his street in Madrid, 
which was somewhat narrow, a ludge of the Court, with two 
Sergeants before him, was comming out: and as soone as my 
honest Squire saw him, he turned his Mules reines, making 
shew as if he would waite upon him : My Lady that rode 
behinde, asked him softly. What do'^st thou, knave ? Do'st 
not see that I am heere ? The ludge very mannerly layd 
hold on his reine, and said, Keepe your way. Sir: for it 
were fitter for me to wait upon my Lady Casilda : for that 
was my Ladies name. Yet still my Husband was earnest 
with his Cap in his hand, and would have waited on the 
ludge : whicn when my Lady saw, full of wrath and anger, 
she pulled out a great Pin ; or rather, as I beleeve, a little 
Bodkin out of her Estoises, and thrust him into the rump ; 
insomuch, that my Husband cryed out, and wriggling his 
body, my Lady and he came to the ground together. 

Two of her Lackayes came to raise her; and the ludge 
and the Sergeants likewise : the gate of Guadalaxara was in 
an uprore, I meane the idle people up and downe there. 

My Lady was faine to walke on foot, and my Husband 
got him to a Barbers house, saying, that he was runne quite 
thorow and thorow. This mannerlinesse of my Husbands, 
was bruted up and downe; insomuch, that the very Boyes 
in the streets mocked him : so that for this, and because 
too he was somewhat pore -blind, my Lady the Duchesse 
turned him away : for griefe of which, I verily beleeve, he 
dyed, and I remained Widow, and suocourlesse, with a childe 

4:L 81 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER to boote, that went on increasing in beauty like the foame 

XLVin of the sea. 
Whathapned Finally, for as much as I had the report of an excellent 
n ^^° • ii Seamstresse, my Ladie the Duchesse that was newly married 
DomulR^^- to my Lord the Duke, would needs bring mee with her here 
guez, the ^ ^°^^ Kingdome of Aragon together with my Daughter ; 
Duchesses where in Processe of time shee grew up, and with her all the 
Waiting- prettincsse that could be: she sings like a Larke : she danceth 
Woman^ etc jj^ company as quick as thought, and alone, like a castaway, 

she writes and reads like a Schoolemaster, and casts account 
like a Vsurer : for her cleanlines, I say nothing, the water 
that runnes is not cleaner : and she is now (if I forget not) 
about sixteene yeeres old, five moneths, and three dayes, one 
or two more or lesse. In fine, a rich Fanners sonne feU in 
love with my daughter, one that liveth in one of my Lord 
the Dukes Villages, not farre from hence : in effect I know 
not how : but they met, and under colour of marriage, he 
mocked my Daugnter, and will not keepe his promise, and 
though the Duke know it : for I have complamed to him 
often of it, and besecched him, to command the yong 
Farmer to marry my Daughter : but he hath a trades-mans 
eares, and will not heare mee : the reason is, because the 
coozening knaves father is rich, and lends him money, and 
Jets him nave credit every foote to goe on with his juggling, 
and will by no meanes discontent or trouble him. 

I beseech you, Sir, therefore, to take upon you the redress- 
ing of this wrong, either by intreaties, or by force ; since as 
all the world saye8,you were borne to right wrongs, and pro- 
tect the needie ; Consider that my Daughter is an Orphan ; 
consider her gentlenesse, her youth, and al the good parts 
that I have told you of: For in my soule and conscience, 
amongst all the Damozels that my Lady hath, there is none 
worthy to untye her shoo : and one of them they call Altisi- 
dora, which is the lustiest and gallantest, in comparison of 
my daughter is no body. For let me tell you, Sir, All is not 
gold that glisters : for this Altisidora is more bold, then 
beauteous ; more gamesome, then retired : besides, she is not 
venr sound : for she hath a certain breath that annoyes, and 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

you cannot endure her to stand by you a moment ; and my CHAPTER 
Ladie the Duchesse too : but Mum : they say walls have eares. XLVIII 

What ayles mv Ladie Duchesse: by your life, Mistris Whathapned 
Rodriguez ? quoth Don Quixote. By that, said shee, I can- to Don 
not but answere you with all truth. Do"^*R^ 

Doe you marke, Sir, quoth she, that beauty of my Ladies, jni^^the 
that smoothnesse of her face, that is like a polisht sword. Duchesses 
those two cheekes of Milke and Vermillion, in one of which Waitiiig- 
she hath the Sunne, in the other the Moone, and that state ^oman, etc 
with which shee goes, trampling and despising the ground, 
as if shee went dealing of health up and downe ? Know, 
Sir, that first shee may thanke God for it : and next, two 
issues that she hath in both her legs, at which all the ill 
humour is let out, of which Physicians say she is full. 

Saint Mary, quoth Don Quixote, and is it possible that 
my Ladie the Duchesse hath such out-lets ? I should not 
have beleeved it if bare-foot Fryers had told me so : but 
since Domia Rodriguez tels me, it is so: but from such 
issues, and such places, no ill humour, but liquid Amber is 
distilled. I now verily beleeve, that this making of issues 
is a thing very necessaric for the health. 

Scarce had Don Quixote ended this speech, when at one 

{>luck the Chamber doore was opened ; and with the sodaine 
right Donna Rodriguez Candle fell out of her hand, and the 
roome was as darke as Pitch, straight the Matron felt that 
they laid hands upon her throat so hard, that they gave her 
no time to yawle : and one of them very quickly lifting up 
her Coats, with a Slipper (in likelihood) began to give her 
so many jerks, that ^twas pitie : and though Don Quixote 
had some compassion on her, yet he stirred not from his 
bed, and knew not what might be the matter : quiet was he, 
and silent ; fearing lest the whipping task and tawing might 
light upon him, and his feare was not necdlesse : for when 
the silent executioners, had left the Matron well curried 
(who durst not cry out) they came to Don Quixote, and un- 
wrapping him from the Sheet and the Quilt, they pinched 
him so liard and so often, that hee could but goe to buffets 
to defend himselfe : and all this passed in admirable silence; 

83 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER tbe combate lacted some bsUe an lioure; the apparitiotis 
XLVIU vanuhed ; Donna Rodrieuez tutted up her Coats, and be- 
Wh^ hapned wailing her mishap, got ber out of the doore, not speaking a 
OuU^ 'th "*•"* ^ ^^'^ Quixote ; who, heavy and all to bee pinched, 
Donna Rodri- "^ "^ pensative, remained alone ; where we will leave him 
gild, «tc desirous to know, who was the perverse Enchanter, that 

had BO drest him: but that shall be told in due 
time: For Sandio Pansa calls us, and the 
Decorum of thia.Historiei 




CHAPTER XLIX 

What hapned to Sancho in walking the Bound 
in his Hand. 

IE left the famous GoTcmour moodie and 
angry with the knavish Husbandman - 
painter : who, instructed by the Steward, 
and the Steward by the Duke ; all made 
sport with Sancho : but he held them all 
tacke, though a Foole, a Dullard, and a 
blocke ; and said to those about him, and 
to Doctor Pedro Rezio : for as soone aa 
hee had ended the secret of the Dukes Letter, he came into 
the Hall againe. 

Certainely (said he) I thinke now, Judges and Govemours 
had need bee made of Brasse, that they may have no feeling 
of the importunities of suiters, that would that at all hourea 
and all times they should give them audience, and dispatch 
them, intending onely their businesse ; let them have never 
so much of their owne : and if the poore ludge heare them 
not, or dispatch them not; either because he cannot, or 
because they come not in a fit time to have audience ; 
straight they back-bite and curse him, gnaw his bones, and 
unbury bis ancestors. Oh foolish Sut^ and idle, make not 
84 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

such haste : stay for a fit season and conjuncture to negotiate CHAPTER 
in, come not at dinner time, or bed time : for ludges are XLIX 
flesh and bloud, and must satisfie nature, except it be I, that What hapned 
give my selfe nothing to eate, thankes to Master Doctor ^ Sancho in 
Pedro Uezio Tirteafuera here present, that would have me die R^und^in his 
for hunger, and yet stands in it, that this death is life : such Hand. 
a life Grod grant him and all of his profession : I meane such 
ill Physicians ; for the good deserve Lawrell and Palme. 

All that knew Sancho, admired him, when they heard him 
speake so elegantly, and knew not to what they should 
attribute it, except it were that Offices and great charges 
doe e3rther season the understanding, or altogether dull it. 

Finally, the Doctor Pedro Rezio Aguero de Tirteafuera, 
promised him he should sup that night, though he exceeded 
all Hypocrates his Aphorismes. 

Witnthis the Govemour was well pleased,and very greedily 
expected the comming of the night and supper-time, and 
though time (as he thought) stood still, not movmg a jot from 
his place, yet at length it came, so longed for by him; and hee 
had to supper a cold mince-meat of Beefe and Onions, with 
a Calves toot some-what stale, and fell to as contentedly, as 
if they had given him a God-wit of Milan, or a Pheasant of 
Rome, or Veale of Sorrentum, or Partridges of Moron, or 
G^ese of Lavaxos : and in the midst of his Supper, he turned 
to the Doctor and said, Looke ye. Master Doctor, hence- 
forward never care to give me dainties, or exouisite meates 
to eat; for you will plucke my stomacke quite off the hindges, 
which is used onely to Goat, Beefe ana Bacon, Porke and 
Tumeps, and Onions : and if you come to mee with your 
Court-dishes, they make my stomacke squeamish, and many 
times I loath um. 

Carver, let it be your care to provide mc a good OUa 
podrida^ and the more podrida it is, the better, and more 
savourie; and in your OlUis you may boile and ballast in what 
you will, so it be victuals, and I will be mindfuU of you, and 
make you amends one day : and let no man play the foole 
with me, for eyther wee are, or wee are not. Let 's bee merry 
and wise when the Sunne shines, he shines upon aU : He 

85 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Goveme this Iland without looking my due, or takine 

XLIX Bribes; and therefore let all the world be watchfiill, and 

Wliathapned looke to their bolt, for I give um to understand, there's 

to Sancho in rods in pisse for them ; and if they put mee to it, they 

walking the ^YisJI see wonders : I, I, cover your selves with hony, and you 
Round in his , „ ,, /,• -ii j. J^ J 

Iland. ^^^I <^^ ^'^^ "^^ ^^^ ^^^ y^^' 

Truly, Sir Govemour, quoth the Carver, you have reason 

in all you speake ; and let mee promise you in the behalfe 

of all the Uanders of this Iland, that they will serve you with 

all diligence, love, and good will : for the sweet and milde 

kinde of Governing that hitherto in the beginning you have 

used, makes them ne3rther doe nor speake ought that may 

redound to your contempt. 

I beleeve it, quoth Sancho, and they were very Asses if 
they did or thought otherwise; and therefore let me say 
againe. Let there be a care had for the maintenance of my 
Person and Dapples, which is very important, and to the 
matter : And so when tis time to walke the Round, let us 
goe ; for my purpose is, to dense this Iland from all kinde 
of filth, from vagamunds, lazy, and masterlesse persons : for 
know, friends, that slothfuU, and idle people in a Common- 
wealth, are the same that [are] Drones m Hives, that eat the 
hony which the labouring Bees make. I purpose to cherish 
the husbandman, and to grant the Gentlemen their pre- 
eminencies, to reward the vertuous, and above all, to nave 
Religion in reverence, and to honor religious persons. 

'^lat thinke ye of this, friends ? Say I ought ? or doe I 
talke idlely ? So well Sir, said the Steward, that I wonder 
to see that a man so without learning as you, (for I thinke 
you cannot skill of a letter) should speaKe such sentences 
and instructions, so contrary to what was expected from 
your wit by all that sent you, and by all us that came with 
you. Every day we see novelties in the world, jests tum'^d 
to earnest, and thc^e that mocke, are mocked at. 

Well, it was night, and the Govemour supped, with 
Master Doctor Rezio^s licence. They made reaoy to walke 
the Round, the Steward, the Secretary, and Carver went 
with him, and the Chroniclist, that was carefiiU to keepc 

86 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

a Register of his actions, together with Constables and CHAPTER 
Notaries; so many, that they might well make a reason- XLIX 
able squadron. Sancho went in the midst of them with his What hapned 
rod of lustice, which was the only chiefe sight : and when ^ y^^^?^}^ 
they had walkt some few streets of the town, they heard a R^^und^in his 
noyse of slashing, thither they made, and found that they were Hand, 
two men onely that were together by the cares ; who seeing 
the lustice comming, stood still, and the one of them said : 

Here for God and the King, shall I be suffered to be 
robbed in the midst of a towne ? and that the midst of the 
streets be made the high way ? 

Softly, honest friend, (quoth Sancho) and tell me what^s 
the reason of this fray, for I am the Govemour. 

The other, his contrary, said. Sir Govemour, He tell you 
briefly the matter. You shall understand Sir, that this 
Gentleman even now at a Gaming-house here over the way, 
got a thousand Ryalls, (God k'nowes by what trickes) and I 
being present, judged many a doubtful! cast on his side, 
contrary to what my conscience told me; he came away *Barato narni- 
a winner, and when I thought he would have given mee a fies originidly 
Pistolet at least for recompence, according to the use and cheape^ but 
custome *of giving to men of my fashion, which stand by an^o^Bt 
upon all occasions, to order differences, and to take up ^^Sf^Q 
quarrels ; he pursed up his mony, and got him out of the ig when a ' 
house : I came hastily after him, yet with courteous language gamester by 
entreated him to give me only a matter of foure shiflings, ^*y of cour- 
since he knew me to be a good fellow, and that I had no J^g^^ ^ 
other kinde of trade or living; for my friends brought me a stand-by: 
up to nothing, nor left me nothing ; and this cunning and this in 
skabbe, no more Thiefe Cacus, nor lesse Cheater then Spaine is so 
♦Andradilla, would give me then but two shillings : So £^^^*k^* 
you may see. Sir Grovernor, how shamelesse and voyd of ^ ^^ beggaf 
Conscience he is. But yfaith if you had not come, I would all both give ' 
have made him vomit out his winning, and he should have and take this 
knowne how many pounds he had had in the scale. Barato. 

What say you to this (quoth Sancho) ? And the other #So,ne femous 
answered, That true it was which his contrary had said, that Cheater in 
he would give him but two shillings, because hee had often Spaine. 

87 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER before given him, and they that expect what shall be given 
XLIX them in courtetie, must be mannerly, and take any thing 
Whathapned that is given them, in good part, without standing upon 
toSanchoin tearmes with the winner, except they knew him to be a 
RounTinhis Cheater, and that his money was unlawfoUy eotten and 
Iland. ^^^ 1^ might be seene that he for his part was honest, and 

not a theefe, as the other said, there was no greater signe, 
then his giving so little ; for your Cheaters are alwaies uirge 
Tributaries to the lookers on that know them. 

He sales true, quoth the Steward, and therefore what is 
your pleasure. Sir, to doe with these men P 

Marry thus, quoth Sancho; you. Sir, that have wonne, 
honest or knave, or indifferent, give your hackster heere 
presently, a hundreth Ryalls: besides, you shall disburse 
thirty more for the poorey the prison. And you, sir, that 
have neyther trade nor living, and live odly in this Iland, 
take your hundreth Ryals, and by to morrow get you out 
of the Iland, and I banish you for ten yeeres, on paine, that 
if you breake this order, you accomplish it in another life, 
by being hanged upon a gybbet, by me, or at least, by the 
han^an, by my command. 

The one disbursed, and the other received ; this went out 
of the Iland, and that home to his house : and the Gover- 
nour that remained said. Well, it shall cost me a fall, but I 
will put downe these Gaming-houses ; for I have a kinde of 
glimpse that they are very prejudiciall. 

This at least, auoth one of the Notaries, you cannot re- 
move, because it oelongs to a man of Quality, and hee loseth 
a great deale more at the yeeres end then he gets by his 
Cards. Against other petty Gamesters you may shew your 
authority ; for they doe more mischiefe, and conceale more 
abuses, then Grentlemen of qualities houses, where your 
famous Cheaters dare not use their slights ; and since the 
vice of play hath turned to so common a practice, ^tis better 
to suffer it in houses of fashion, then in poore mens, where 
they catch a poore snake, and from midnight till morning 
slay him quicke. 

Well, Notary, (quoth Sancho) there ^s much to be said in 
88 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

this case. And now one of the Sergeants Yeomen, came CHAPTER 
with a Youth which he had laid fast hold on, and said, XLIX 

Sir, this Youth came towards us, and as hee had a glimpse What hapned 
of the lustice, hee turned his backe, and began to scud away !^n^^^JL"^ 
like a Deere, a signe he is some delinquent ; I ranne after Round^in his 
him, and had it not beene that hee stumbled and fell, I had Hand, 
never overtaken him. 

Why ranst thou, fellow (quoth Sancho) ? To which the 
young man answered, Sir, to avoid the many questions that 
your Constables use to aske. What trade are you of? A 
Weaver, said he. And what weave you? Iron pegs for 
Lances, with your Worships good leave. You are a pleasant 
companion, Sir, and you presume to pli^ the lester : ''tis 
very well. And whither went you now ? To take the Ayre, 
Sir. And where in this Hand would you have taken the 
Ayre ? Where it blowes. Good, you answer to the pur- 
pose. Youth ; make account then that I am the Ayre, and 
that I blow a-steme on you, and steere you to the prison. 
6oe to, lay hold on him, carry him, for to night He make 
him sleepe without Ayre in tlie prison. I protest (quoth 
the Youth) you shall as soone malce me King, as make me 
sleepe this night in prison. Why (quoth Sancho) have not 
I power to apprehend thee, and free thee when I please ? 
For all your power, said the Youth, you shall not make me 
sleepe this night in Prison. No ? you shall see (quoth 
Sancho :) carry him presently where he shall see his error ; 
and lest the layler should for a bribe befriend him. He lay a 
penalty of two thousand Crownes upon him, if he let tnee 
stirre a foot out of the prison. All this is needlesse, said 
the Youth : the businesse is. All the world shall not make 
me sleepe this night in prison. Tell me, fiend, quoth 
Sancho, hast thou some An^ll to free thee, or take thy 
shackles off that I meane to have clapped on thee ? Well, 
Sir, (quoth the Youth very pleasantly) let ^s come to reason, 
and to the matter. Suppose you command mee to be carried 
to prison, and that I have shackles and chaines put upon me, 
ana that I be put into a dungeon, and that there be extra- 
ordinary penalties inflicted upon the laylor if he let me out : 

4:M 89 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER for all that, if I mean not to sleep, or to joyne my eye-lids 
XUX together all night ; Can you with all your Authority make 
What hapned me sleepe against my will ? 

^ SMicho in No indeed (said the Secreterie) the fellow is in the 
Round^ his ^S^^ ' ^o that (quoth Sancho) your forbearing to sleepe, is 
Hand. onely to have your owne will, but not to contradict mine. 

No otherwise. Sir, (quoth the Youth) not so much as in 
thought. 

Well, God bee with you, (quoth Sancho) get you home to 
bed, and God send you good rest, I meane not to disturbe 
you ; but let me advise you, that henceforward you be not 
so conceited with the lustice ; for you may meet with one 
that will clap your wit to your noddle. 

The yong man went his way, and the Governour went 
on with his Rounding, and a while after there came two 
Yeomen with a man in hold, and said. Sir, heeres one that 
seemes to be a man, but is none, but a woman, and not ill- 
favoured, clad in a mans habit. Then they set two or 
three Lanthornes to his face, and perceived a womans face, 
to looke to, of about sixteen yeers of age ; her haire plaited 
up with a cawle of gold and greene silke, as faire as a 
thousand Pearles: they beheld her all over, and saw that 
she had on her a paire of Carnation silke stockins, and white 
Taflata garters fringed with gold, and embroidered with 
pearle; her long breeches were of cloth of gold, and the 
ground-worke greene, with a loose Cassocke or lerkin of 
the same, opened on both sides, under which she had also 
a Doublet of cloth of gold, the ground white : her shooes 
were white mens shooes, she had no sword, but a very faire 
hatched da^er, with many rings upon her fingers. 

Finallie, shee pleased them aB very well, but none of them 
knew her. The Inhabitants of the place said, they could 
not ghesse who she should be; and they that were the 
contrivers of the trickes against Sancho, were those that 
most seemed to admire, b^use that accident and chance 
was not purposed by them : so they were in suspence, to see 
what would be the issue of it. 

Sancho was amazed at the maidens beautie, and hee askt 
90 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

her who she was, whither she would, and what occasion had CHAPTER 
mooved her to clad her selfe in that habit ? XLIX 

She, with her eyes fixt upon the earth, most shamefacMly What hapned 
answered* ^ Sancho in 

Sir, I cannot tell you in publike, what concemes me so SunS*j„*^hi. 
much to be kept secret : onely this let me tell you ; I am Haud. 
no thiefe nor malefactor, but an unhappie maid, forced by 
some jealousies to breake the decorum due to my honestie. 
Which when the Steward heard, he said to Sancho; Sir, 
command the company aside, that this Gentlewoman may 
tell her tale without being abashed. The Govemour gave 
his command, and all of them went aside, but the Steward, 
the Carver, and Secretary. Being thus private, the maid 
proceeded, saying ; 

I, Sirs, am daughter to Pedro Perez Mazorca, Farmer of 
this townes woolls, that often useth to goe and come to my 
Fathers house. There ''s no likelihood in this, Gentlewoman, 
quoth the Steward ; for I know Pedro Perez verie well, and 
know that he hath never a childe, neither Male nor Female : 
besides, you say he is your Father, and by and by you adde, 
that he useth to goe often to your Fathers house. I thought 
upon that too (quoth Sancho.) Why alas (quoth she) I am 
so frighted, that I know not what I say : but true it is, that 
I am daughter to Diego de la Liana, whom I believe, you 
all know. This may be (said the Steward) for I know 
Diego de la Liana to be an honest and a wealthie Gentle- 
man, and that he hath a sonne and a daughter, and since 
he hath beene a widdower, there ^s none in this towne can 
say he hath scene his daughters face ; for hee keepes her so 
close, that hee scarce gives the Sunne leave to looke on her : 
and for all that. Fame saves she is wondrous faire. 

Tis true (quoth the Maid) and I am that daughter, whether 
Fame lie or no, concerning my beauty ; now you are satis- 
fied, since you have beheld me ; and with this she began to 
weep tenderly. Which when the Secretary saw, he whis- 
pered the Car^'er in the eare, and told him; Doubtlesse 
some matter of consequence hath befalne this poore Virgin, 
since in this habit, and at this time of night, being so well 

91 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER borne, she is from her home. There ^s no doubt of that 
XLIX (quoth the Carver) for her teares too confirme the sus- 
Whathapned pition. 

toSanchoin Sancho comforted her the best he could, and bad her 
JJ^J^J^^^ without feare, tell what had befalne her; for that all of 
Hand. them would strive to give her remedie with all possible 

diligence. 

The businesse, Sirs, quoth she, is this : My Father hath 
kept me close these tenne yeeres; for so long it is since 
niy Mother died : in the house wee have a Chappell, where 
Jaasae is sayd, and I in all this time have scene nothing but 
the Sunne by day, and the Moone and starres by night: 
neither know I what streets, or Market-places, or Churches 
are, nor men, except my Father, a Brother of mine, and 
Pedro Perez the Farmer, who because hee useth to come 
ordinarily to our house, it came into my minde to say hee 
was my father, because I would conceale the right. This 
keeping mee close, and denying mee to stirre not so mUch 
as to the Church, hath this good while discomforted me, 
and I had a desire to see the world, at least, the towne 
where I was borne, as thinking this longing of mine was not 
against the Decorum that Maidens of my birth ought to 
observe : when I heard talke of Bull-baitings, running with 
Reedes, and representing Comedies: I asked my Brother 
that is a yeere yonger then I, what kinde of things those 
were, and many others, which I have not scene ; and he 
told mee as well as hee could : but all was to enflame my 
desire the more to see. 

Finally, to shorten my mis-fortune, I entreated my Brother, 
(I would I had never done it :) and then shee renued her 
teares. 

Then said the Steward, On, Gentlewoman, and make an 
end of telling us what hath befalne you : for you hold us all 
in suspence, with your words, and your teares. 

Few words have I to say (quoth shee) but many teares to 
weepe : for they be the fruits of ill-placed desires. 

The Maids beauty was now planted in the Carvers heart, 
and he held up his Lanthorne againe, to behold her afresh ; 
9S 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and it seemed to him, that she wept not teares, but seed- CHAPTER 

pearle, or morning dew ; and he thought higher, that they XLIX 

were liker orientall Pearles ; and his wish was, that her ^Vhat hapned 

mis-fortune miirht not bee such, as the shewes of her mone ^ Sancho in 
J . ,. .®, . . ' walking the 

and sighmg might promise. Round in his 

The Govemour was mad at the Wenches slownesse and lland. 

delaying her Story ; and bade her, she should make an end, 

and hold them no longer in suspence, for that it was late, 

and they had much of the towne to walke. Shee betwixt 

broken sobs, and halfe-fetcht sighs, said. My mis-fortune is 

nothing else, but that I desired my Brother that he would 

cloath me in mans apparell, in one of his Sutes ; and that 

some night or other ne would carry me to see the towne, 

when my father should be asleepe ; hee importuned by my 

intreaties, condiscendcd to my request: and putting this 

Sute on me ; and hee putting on another of mine, that fits 

him, as if it were made for him ; for he hath never a haire 

upon his chin, and might bee taken for a most beautifiiU 

Maid : this night somewhat above an houre agoe, we went 

abroad ; and rambling up and downe, wee have gone thorow- 

out the whole towne : and going homeward, we saw a great 

troope of people comming towards us; and my Brother 

said. Sister: this is the Round, Take you to your heeles, 

and put wings to them, and follow me, that we be not 

knowne : for it will bee ill for us ; and this said, he turned 

his back, and began, I say not, to runne, but to flye : I 

within foure or five steppes fell downe for feare ; and then 

came this Officer that brought me before you ; where, for 

my wilde longing, I am shamed before so many people. 

So that, Grentlewoman, (quoth Sancho) no other mis-nap 

hath befalne you ; neither was it jealousie, as you said in 

the beginning of your tale, that made you goe abroad ? 

Nothing else (said shee) nor jealousies : but a desire to see 

the world, and which extended no furder, then to see this 

townes streets ; and the comming now of two other Yeomen 

with her Brother, confirmed this to bee true, whom one of 

them Overtook, when he fled from his Sister : He had nothing 

on, but a rich Eirtle, and a halfe Mantle of blue Damaske, 

93 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER edg^d with a broad gold Lace : his head without any kinde 

XLIX Qf dressing or adornment, then his owne lockes ; which by 

What hapned reason of their colour and curling, seemed to bee rings of 

wal^^^^the*^ 2®^^* ^^^^ *^®y ^^^^ ^^*^^ ^^^ Governor, the Steward 
Rouiid^ his *^^ ^^^ Carver, and not letting his Sister heere ; they 
Hand. asked why hee came in that habit? And he with the 

same shamefaced bashfulnes told the same Tale that his 
Sister had done : at which the enamoured Carver was won- 
derfully pleased. But the Grovemour said to them, Truely 
hoe, this hath been a great childishnesse in you ; and you 
needed not so many sighs and teares, to tell such a piece 
of foolish boldnesse: for it had beene enough if you had said. 
We such and such a one, went out of our fathers house, 
only for curiositie to walke up and down the towne ; and 
there had beene an end, without your sighing and your 
whining, on Gods name. 

You say true. Sir, quoth the Maid : but you may think 
that I was so troubled, that I could not tell how to behave 
my selfe. 

There ^s nothing lost (quoth Sancho) let^s goe, and wee 
will leave you in your fathers house; perhaps he wil not 
have missed you : and from hence-forward bee not such 
children, nor so longing to see the world: for the honest 
Maid [is] better at home with a bone broken, then a gadding : 
the Woman and the Hen are lost with straggling : and let 
me tell you too ; shee that desires to see, hath a desire like- 
wise to bee scene, and I say no more. 

The Youth thanked the Gx>vemour for the favour hee 
did them, to let them goe home ; whither they went, for it 
was not farre from thence. 

Home they came, and the Youth throwing a little stone 
at one of the Iron windowes, straight there came a Maid- 
servant downe, that sate up for them, and opened them the 
doore, and in they went, leaving those witnout as well to 
admire her gentlenesse and beauty ; as the desire they had to 
see the world by night, without stirring out of the towne : 
but they attributed all to their slender age. 

The Carvers heart was strucke thorow ; and hee purposed 

94 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the next day to demand her of her Fattier to wife ; assuring CHAPTER 
himaelfe, hee would not deny her him, becauae hee was the XLIX 
Dukes servant: Sancho, too had a certaine longing and inkling Wh«thapned 
to marry the Youth with his Daughter Sanchica; and he ^^""^^rt" 
determined to put the matter in practice betimes, as think- Round^o Ua 
ing that a Governours Daughter was fit for any Husband : Huid, 
and so the Round was ended for that night : and acme 
two dayes after, his Government too, with which 
all his designes were lopped off, and blotted 
out, as hereafter shall be said. 



CHAPTER L 

Where is declared, who were the Enchanters, and 

Executioners, that whipped the Matron, pincht 

and scratcht Don Quixote, with the successe 

the Page had that carried the Letter to 

Teresa Pansa, Sancho's wife. 

f\W HAMETE, the most punctuall Searcher 
of the very moata of this true History, 
sayes, that when Donna Rodriguez went 
out of her Chamber, to goe to Don Quixotes 
lodging, another Waiting-woman that lay 
with her, perceived her: and as all of 
them have an itch to smell after novelties, 
nbe went after so softly, that the good 
Rodriguez perceived it not: and as soone as the Waiting* 
woman saw her goe in to Don Quixote, that she might 
not be defective in the generall custome of make-bates ; 
shee went presently to put this into the Duchesses head, 
and so told her that Donna Rodriguez was in Don Quixotes 
Chamber : the Duchesse told the Duke, and asked his leave, 
that she and Altisidora might goe see what the Matron 

95 




CHAPTER 
L 

Where is de- 
clared, who 
were the 
Enchanters, 
and Execu- 
tioners, that 
whipped the 
Matron, etc 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

would have with Don Quixote : the Duke granted, and 
both of them very softly came close to Don Quixotes 
doore, and so neere, that they heard all that was spoken 
within : and when the Duchesse heard that Rodriguez had 
set the Aranxuez of her springs a running in the streets, 
she could not suffer it, nor Altisidora neither : so, full of 
raffe, and greedy to revenge, they entred the chamber 
suddenly, and stabbed Don Quixote with their nailes, and 
banged the Woman, as hath beene related : for affronts that 
are directly done against beauty, doe awaken womens choUer, 
and enflame in them a desire of revenge. 

The Duchesse told the Duke what had passed, which made 
him passing merry : and the Duchesse proceeding with her 
intention of mirth and pastime with Don Quixote, dispatcht 
the Page that playd the Enchanted Dulcinea^s part (for 
Sancho had forgotten it, being busied in his Grovemment) 
to Teresa Pansa with her Husbands Letter, and another from 
her selfe, and a chaine of faire Corall for a token. 

The Story too tels us, that the Page was very discreet and 
wittie, and with a desire to serve his Lords, nee went with 
a very good will to Sancho^s towne : and before he entred 
into it, he saw a company of women washing in a brooke : 
whom he asked, if they could tell him, if there lived in that 
towne a woman, whose name was Teresa Pansa, wife to 
one Sancho Pansa, Squire to a Knight called Don Quixote 
de la Mancha: to which question, a little Girle that was 
washing there, stood up and said. That Teresa Pansa is 
my Mother, and that Sancho my Father, and that Knight 
our Master. 

Well then, Damozell, quoth the Page, Come and bring 
mee to your Mother ; for I bring her a Letter and a present, 
from your said Father. 

That I will with a very good will. Sir, said the Wench, 
that seemed to bee about a some fourteene yeeres of age, 
more or lesse : and leaving the clothes that she was wash- 
ing, to another companion of hers, without dressing her 
head, or putting on stockings and shooes, (for she was 
bareleggea, and with her hayre about her eares) she leaped 

96 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

before the Pages Beast he rode on, and said, Come, Sir, for CHAPTER 
our house is iust as you come in at the towne, and there ^ 

you shall fincie my Mother, with sorrow enough, because ^'^JfJ® ",*®' 
shee hath not heard from my Father this great while. Wiethe 

Well, I have so good newes for her (quoth he) that she Enchanten 
may thanke God for it. and Ezecu- 

At length, leaping, running, and jumping, the Girle got tioners, that 
to the towne, ana before she came into tne nouse, she cryed w ZP^ ^ 
out aloud at the doore : Come out, mother, Teresa, Come ' 

out, come out: for here^s a Gentleman hath Letters and 
other things from my good Father : at which noise Teresa 
Pansa her Mother came out, spinning a rowle of Flax, with 
a Russet Petti-coat, and it seemed by the shortnesse of it, 
that it had beene cut off at the Placket ; and she had Russet 
bodies of the same, and ^hee was in her smocke sleeves; 
she was not very old, for she lookt as if shee had beene 
about forty : but she was strong, tough, sinowie, and raw- 
boned ; who seeing her Daughter, and the Page a horseback, 
said. What "^s the matter, child ? What Gentleman is this ? 
A servant of my Lady Teresa Pansa^s (quoth the Page:) 
so, doing and speaking, he flung himselfe from his horse, 
and with great humilitie went to prostrate himselfe before 
the Lady Teresa, saying. My Lady Teresa, give mee yovur 
hands to kisse, as you are lawfuU and particular Wife to my 
Lord Don Si^^cho Pansa, proper Gx>vemour of the Hand 
Barataria. 

Ah good Sir, forbeare I pray doe not do so, quoth Teresa : 
for I am no Court-noil, but a poore Husband-woman, a 
Ploughmans daughter, and wife to a Squire Errant, and not 
a Govemour. 

You are (quoth the Page) a most worthy wife, to an 
Arch- worthy Govemour: and for proofe of what I say, I 
pray receive this Letter, and this token ; when instantly he 

E lucked out of his pocket a Corall string, with the facM 
leads of gold, and put it about her neck, and said. This 
Letter is from the Govemour, and another that I bring; 
and these Corals are from my Lady the Duchesse that sends 
me to you. 

4:N 97 



CHAPTER 
L 

Where is de- 
clared^ who 
were Uie 
Enchanters, 
and Ezecu- 
tioners, that 
whipped the 
Matron^ etc 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Teresa was amazed, and her daughter also : and the Wench 
said, Hang mee, if our Master Don Quixote have not a hand 
in this businesse ; and hee it is that hath given my Father 
this Grovemment or Earledome, that he so often promised 
him. 

You say true (quoth the Page) for, for Signior Don Quixotes 
sake, Sienior Sancho Pansa is now Govemour of the Hand 
Baratana, as you shall see by this Letter. 

Reade it, gentle Sir, said Teresa : for though I can spin, I 
cannot reade a jot ; nor I neither, added Sanchica : but stay 
a little and He call one that shall ; either the Vicar himselfe, 
or the Bachelor Samson Carasco, who wil both come hither 
with all their hearts to heare newes of my Father. 

You need not call any body, said hee : for though I cannot 
spin, yet I can reade, and therefore I will reade it ; so he did 
tnorowout : which, because it was before related, it is not now 
set downe here : and then he drew out the Duchesses, which 
was as foUoweth : 

Friend Teresa, your Husbands good parts of his wit and 
honesty, mooved and obliged me, to request the Duke my 
Husband, to give him the Government of one of the many 
Hands he hath : I have understood, that he govemes like a 
ler-Falcon, for which I am very glad ; and consequently my 
Lords the Duke : for which I render heaven many thankes, 
in that I have not beene deceived in making choise of him 
for the said Gx>vemment : for let mee tell, Mistris Teresa, 
it is a very difficult thing, to finde a good Governour in the 
world ; and so God deale with me, as Sancho govemes. I 
have sent you (my beloved) a string of Corall Beads, with 
the tens of gold, I could wish they had beene Orientall 
Pearles; but something is better then nothing: time will 
come, that we may know and converse one with another; 
and God knowes what will become of it. 

Commend me to Sanchica your Daughter, and bid her 
from me, that she be in a readmesse ; for I meane to marry 
her highly when she least thinkes of it. 

They tell me, that in your towne there, you have goodly 

98 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Acornes, I pray send me some two doozen of them, and I CHAPTER 
shall esteeme them much as comming from you : and write ^ 

me at large, that I may know of your health, and well-being, M^Tiere is de- 
and if you want ought, there is no more to be done but blared, who 
mouth it, and your mouth shall have full measure, so Grod Enchanters 
keepe you. From this towne. and Execu-' 

Your loving friend. The Duchesse. ^??®!!ii^* 
^ ' whipped the 

Lord ! quoth Teresa, when she heard the Letter, What a Matron, etc. 
good plain meeke-Lady "^tis ! Grod bury me with such Ladies, 
and not with your stately ones that are used in this towne, 
who think, because they are lantle-folks, the winde must not 
touch them : and they go so fantasticcdly to Church, as if 
they were Queenes at least, and they thinke it a disgrace to 
um to looke upon a poore Countrey Woman: But looke 
you, here ^s a good Lady, that though shee be a Duchesse, 
calls me friend, and useth mee as if I were her equall : equal! 
may I see her with the highest Steeple in the Mancha : and 
concerning her Acorns, Signior mine, I will send her Lady- 
ship a whole Pecke, that every body shall behold, and 
admire them for their bignesse: and now, Sanchica, doe 
thou see that this Gentleman bee welcome : set his Horse 
up, and get some Egges out of the Stable, and cut some 
Bacon : he shall fare like a Prince, for the good newes hee 
hath brought us, and his good face deserves it all : in the 
meane time I will goe tell my neighbours of this good 
newes, and to our father Vicar, and Master Nicholas the 
Barber, who have beene, and still are so much thy fathers 
friends. 

Yes marry will I (quoth Sanchica :) but harke you : you 
must give mee halfe that string, for I doe not thinke my 
Ladie Duchesse such a foole, that she would send it all 
to her. 

Tis all thine, Daughter, said Teresa : but let me weare 
it a few dayes about my neck : for verily, it glads me to 
the heart. 

You will be glad (quoth the Page) when you see the 
bundle that I have in my Port-mantue, which is a garment 

99 



CHAPTER 
L 

Where is de- 
clared^ who 
weretiie 
Endumters^ 
and Execu- 
tioners^ that 
whipped the 
Matron^ etc. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

of fine doth, which the Grovernour onely wore one day a 
Hunting, which he hath sent to Mistris Sanchica. Long 
may he live (quoth Sanchica) and he that brings it too. 

Teresa went out with her chaine about her neck, and 
playd with her fingers upon her Letters, as if they had 
been a Timbrel: and meeting by chance with the Vicar, 
and Samson Carrasco, she began to dance, and to say, 
Ifaith now there is none poore of the kinne, .we have a 
little Grovemment ; No, no. Now let the proudest Gentle- 
woman of um all meddle with mee, and lie shew her a new 
tricke. 

What madnesse is this, Teresa Pansa, and what papers 
are these ? No madnesse (quoth she) but these are Letters 
from Duchesses and Grovemours : and these I weare about 
my neck are fine Corals ; the Ave-Maries and Pater-nosters 
are of beaten gold, and I am a Govemesse. 

Now God Siield us, Teresa: wee understand you not, 
neither know we what you meane. 

There you may see (quoth Teresa) and gave um the 
Letters. 

The Vicar reads them that Samson Carrasco might heare : 
so he and the Vicar lookt one upon the other, wondring at 
what they had read. 

And the Bachelor asked. Who brought those Letters ? 
Teresa answered, that they should goe home with her, and 
they should see the Messenger ; A yong Youth, as faire as a 
golden Pine- Apple, and that he brought her another Present 
twice as good. 

The Vicar tooke the Corals from her neck, and beheld 
them againe and againe, and assuring himselfe that they 
were right, he began to wonder afresh and said; By my 
Coat I sweare, I know not what to say or thinke of these 
Letters and Tokens : for on the one side, I see and touch 
the finenesse of these Corals; and on tiie other, that a 
Duchesse sends to begge two dozen of Acornes. Come 
cracke me this Nutte, quoth Carrasco. Well, let us goe 
see the Bearer of this Letter, and by him wee will be in- 
formed of these doubts that are offered. They did so, and 

100 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Teresa went backe with them : they found the Page sifting CHAPTER 
a little Barley for his Beast, and Sanchica cutting a Rasher ^ 

to *pave it, with Egges for the Pages dinner, whose presence Where is de- 
and attire much contented them both ; and after they had dared, who 
courteously saluted him, and he them, Samson asked him for gnchanters 
newes as well of Don Quixote as Sancho : for though they and Execu-' 
had read Sancho and the Liady Duchesses Letters, yet they tioners, that 
were troubled, and could not ghesse what Sancho's Govern- whipped the 
ment should meane, especially of an Iland, since all or the "**"'®°' **^ 
most that were in the Mediterranean Sea belonged to his 
Majesty. 

To which the Page answered : That Signior Sancho Pansa *Para Empe- 
is Grovemour, tis not to be doubted, but whether it be an ^^rle, A 
Iland or no that he governs, I meddle not with it : tis ^Jl^^f^^n 
enough that it is a place of above a thousand Inhabitants. Spain they use 
And concerning the Acomes, let me tell you : My Lady the to fty their 
Duchesse is so plaine and humble, that her sending for Collops and 
Acomes to this Country-woman is nothing. I have knowne Z^^ , * 
when she hath sent to borrow a Combe of one of her neigh- aJg^e do first 
hours, and let me tell you ; The Ladies of Aragon, though Bacon, uid 
they be as Noble, yet they stand not so much upon their then Egge%, 
points, neither are so lofty as your Castilians, and they are f?^ ? ♦'h'^'* 
much plainer. ^^^ i^pavLg. 

Whitest they were in the middest of this discourse, 
Sanchica came leaping with her lap full of Egges, and 
asked the Page ; Tell me, Sir, doth my Father weare pained 
hose since his being Governour ? I never marked it, ouoth 
the Page, but sure hee doth. Oh God, quoth she, wnat a 
sight it would be, to see my Father in his linnen hose first ! 
how say you ? that ever since I was bom I have had a desire 
to see my Father in pained hose. With many of these you 
shal see him (quoth the Page) if you live. And I protest, 
if his Government last him but two Moneths longer, hee 
will be likely to weare a cap with a Beaver. 

The Vicar and Bachelor perceived very well, that the 
Page playd the lacke with them; but the goodnesse of 
the Corall-beades, and the hunting suit that Sancho sent, 
made all straight againe, for Teresa had shewed them the 

101 



CHAPTER 
L 

Where is de- 
clared, who 
were the 
Enchanters, 
and Execu- 
tioners, that 
whipped the 
Matron, etc 



*Hii, his, as 
if it were the 
calling a dog, 
to give him 
meat 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

apparell, and they could not but laugh at Sanchica^g desire, 
and most, when Teresa said, Master Vicar, pray will you 
hearken out if there be any bodie that goe toward Madrid 
or Toledo, that they may buy mee a Farthingale round and 
well made, just in the fashion, and of the best sort, for in- 
truth, intruth, I meane to credit my Husbands Government 
as much as I can ; and if I be angry. He to Court my selfe 
too, and have my Coach as well as the best : for she that 
hath a Grovemour to her Husband, may very well have it, 
and maintaine it. 

And why not Mother (quoth Sanchica) ? and the sooner 
the better, though those that see mee set with iny Mother 
in the Coach should say, Looke ye on Mistresse Whacham, 
good-man Garlicke-eaters daughter, how she is set and 
stretcht at ease in the Coach, as if she were a Pope loane : 
but let them tread in the durt, and let me goe in my Coach : 
a poxe on all backe-biters ; the Foxe fares best when hee is 
cursed. Say I well. Mother mine ? Very well (quoth she) 
and my good Sancho foretold mee of all these blessings and 
many more; and thou shalt see, daughter. He never rest 
till I am a Countesse ; for all is but to begin well, and (as 
I have often heard thy good father say, who is likewise the 
father of Proverbs,) Look not a given horse in the mouth : 
when a Government is given thee, take it ; when an Earle- 
dome, gripe it; and when they *hist, hist, to thee with a 
reward, take it up. No, no, be carelesse, and answer not 
good fortune when shee knocks at your dores. And what 
care I (quoth Sanchica) what hee say that sees mee stately 
and Majesticall? there ^s a dogge in a doublet, and such 
like. 

When the Vicar heard all this, he said, I cannot beleeve 
but all the stocke of the Pansa^s were borne with a bushell 
of Proverbs in their bellies, I never saw any of them that 
did not scatter um at all times, and upon all occasions. 
You say true (quoth the Page) for Signior Sancho the 
Govemour speakes them every foot : and though many of 
them be notning to the purpose, yet they delight, and my 
Lady the Duchesse, and the Duke do mum celebrate them. 

102 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

That still you should affirme, Sir, that this of Sancho's CHAPTER 
Grovemment is true, and that there can be any Duchesse in ^ 

the world that sends him Presents, and writes to him ; for Where is de- 
we, although we see them, and have read the Letters, yet clared, who 
wee cannot beleeve it; and wee thinke that this is one Enchanters 
of Don Quixote our Countriman his inventions, who thinkes aiid Execu-' 
that all are by way of Enchantment : So that I am about tioners, that 
to desire to feele and touch you, to see whether you bee an Jji>PP«d the 
ayrie Ambassador, or a man ^f Hesh and bloud., ^.tron. etc 

Sir, (quoth the Page) all I know of my selfe, is, that I am 
a reall Ambassador, and that Signior Sancho Fansa is an 
effective Govemour, and that my Lords the Duke and 
Duchesse may give, and have given the said Grovemment ; 
and I have heard say, that the said Sancho Pansa demeanes 
himselfe most robustiously in it. If in this there be any 
Enchantment, you may dispute it amongst your selves, for 
I know no more, by an oath I shall sweare, which is. By 
the life of my Parents, who are alive, and I love them very 
well. 

It may very well be, quoth the Bachelor, but dubUat 
Augustiims. Doubt it whoso will (quoth the Page) I have 
told you the truth, which shall alwaies prevaile above lyes, 
as the oyle above the water: and if not operibua credUe 
et non verbis^ one of you goe with mee, and you shall see 
with your eyes what you will not beleeve witn your eares. 
That journey will I go, quoth Sanchica : you shall carry 
me. Sir, at your horses crupper, and lie goe with a very 
good will to see my Father. Govemours Daughters (quoth 
he) must not travell alone, but accompanied with Carroches 
and horse -Litters, and good store of servants. Marry 
(quoth Sanchica) I can goe as well upon a young Asse- 
Colt, as upon a Coach ; you have a daintie piece of mee 
no doubt. 

Peace wench, said Teresa, thou knowest not what thou 
saiest; and this Gentleman is in the right; the times are 
altered : When thy Father was Sancho, then mightst thou 
be Sanchica ; but now he is Grovemour, Madam ; and I know 
not whether I have said ought. Mistresse Teresa sayes more 

103 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER then sbee is aware of, (quoth the Page) and now pray let 

I* me dine, and be quickly dispatcht, for I must retume this 

When i«de- aftemoone. Then, quoth the Vicar, you shall doe penanoe 

w"**tJi"'"' *'* ■"* *" ^^y* ^°^ Mistresse Teresa hath more good will 

Eiiduiiiton ^^° 5°"^ cheere to welcome so good a ghest. The Page 

and Execu-' refused, but for his better fare, ne was forced to accept 

tionera, that of the kindnesse ; and the Vicar carried him the more 

whipped the willingly, that hee might have time to aske at leysure after 

M«trou, etc jj^„ Quixote's exploits. The Bachelor offered Tere» to 

write the answers of her Letters, but shee would not that 

hee should deale in her affaires ; for she held him to be 

a scoffer : and so she gave a little rowle of bread, and a 

couple of egges to a little Monke that could write, who 

wrote her two Letters, one for her Husband, and the 

other for the Duchesse, framed by her owne pate, 

and are not the worvt in all this gmnd His* 

tory, as you may see hereafter. 



CHAPTER LI 

Of Sancho's proceeding in his Goveniinent, with 
otiier successes, as good as Touch. 

HE day appeared after the Govemon 
Hounding nisht, in which the Carver 
slept not a whit, being busied in think- 
ing upon the face, feature, and beauty of 
the disguised Damozell : and the Steward 
spent the remainder of it, in writing 
to his Lords, Sancho Fansa's words and 
actions, both which he equally admired ; 
for both were mixt with certaine appearances of Discreet 
and Foole. 

The Govemour in fine was gotten up, and by Doctor 
Pedro Rezio's appointment, bee broke his fast with a little 
104 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Conserve, and some two or three spoonfulls of cold water, CHAPTER 
which Sancho would willingly have changed for a piece of ^ 

bread, and a bunch of grapes; but seeing there was no Of Sancho's 
remedy, hee passed it over, though with much griefe of proceeding in 
mind, and wearines of stomack : for Pedro Rezio made him nJ^^t^ wiS 
believe, that few dishes, and those delicate, did quicken the other suc- 
wit, which was the onely thin? for persons that bore Rule, cesses^ as good 
and weighty Offices; where they must benefit themselves, m Touch, 
not onely with corporall force, but strength of understand- 
ing too. 

With this SophistiT Sancho was almost starved, so that in 
secret he cursed the Government, and also him that gave it 
him ; but yet, with his hunger and his Conserve, he sate in 

i'udgement that day, and me first thing that came before 
dm, was a doubt that a stranger proposed unto him, the 
Steward and the rest of the fraternity being present, and it 
was this : 

Sir, a maine River divided two parts of one Lordship (I 
pray marke, for it is a case of great importance, and some- 
what difficult) I say then, that upon this River there was 
a Bridge, and at the end of it a Gallowes, and a kinde of 
Judgement Hall, in which there were ordinarily foure ludges, 
that judged according to the Law that the owner of the 
River, Bridge, and Lordship had established, which was 
this : If any one be to passe from one side of this Bridge to 
the other, hee must first sweare whither he goes, and what 
his businesse is : if he sweare true, let him passe ; if hee 
lye, let him be hanged upon the gallowes that shewes there 
without remission. This Law being divulged, and the rigor- 
ous condition of it, many passed by, and presently by their 
oathes it was scene whether they said true, and the ludges 
let them passe freely. It fell out that they tooke one mans 
oath, who swore and said, that he went to be hanged upon 
that gallowes, and for nothing else. 

The ludges were at a stand, and said. If we let this man 
passe, he lyed in his oath, and according to the Law hee 
ought to die ; and if we hang him, he swore he went to die 
upon the gallows, and having swome truly, by the same Law 

4:0 106 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER he ought to be free. It is now, Sir Grovemor, demanded of 
1*1 you, what should be done with this man, for the ludges are 

Of Sancho's doubtfull and in suspence ; and having had notice of ^our 
proceeding in quicke and elevated understanding, they sent me to you, 
inent^wlSi' ^^ desire you on their behaJfs to give your opinion in this 
other sue- intricate and doubtful case. 

cesses^ 88 good To which (quoth Sancho:) Truely these ludges that send 
as ToucIl you to me might have saved a labiour ; for I am one that 

nave as much wit as a Setting-dog : but howsoever, repeat 
me you the businesse once againe, that I may understand it, 
and perhaps I may hit the marke. 

The Demandant repeated againe, and againe, what hee 
had said before ; and Sancho said. In my opinion it is in- 
stantly resolved, as thus : 

The man sweares, that he goes to dye upon the gallowes : 
and if he die so, he swore true ; and so by the Law deserves 
to passe free : and yet if he be not hanged, he swore false : 
ana by the same Law he ought to be hanged. Tis just as 
Master Governor hath said, quoth the Messenger ; and con- 
cerning the understanding the case, there is no more to be 
required or doubted. I say then (quoth Sancho) that they 
let that part of the man passe that spoke truth, and that 
which told a lye, let them hang it, ana so the condition of 
the Law shall be litterally accomplished. 

Why, Sir, said the Demandant, then the man must be 
divided into two parts, lying and true ; and if he be divided, 
he must needs die, and so there is nothing of the Law ful- 
filled, and it is expresly needfull that the Law be kept. 

Come hither, honest fellow (quoth Sancho) either I am a 
very Leeke, or this Passenger you speake of, hath the same 
reason to die, as to live and passe the bridge ; for if the- truth 
save him, the lye condemnes him equally : which being so as 
it is, I am of opinion, that you tell the ludges that sent you 
to me. That since the reasons to save or condemne him, be 
in one ranke, that they let him passe freely ; for it is ever 
more praise-worthy to doe good, then to doe ill ; and this 
would I give under my hand, if I could write : and in this 
case I have not spoken from my selfe, but I remember one 
106 



in 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

precept amongst many others, that my Master Don Quixote CHAPTER 
gave me the night before I came to be Grovemour, which was; LI 

That when lustice might be any thing doubtful), I should Of Sancho's 
leave, and apply my scTfe to pitty : and it hath pleased God Pfo«e«ding i 
I should remember it in this case, which hath falne out pat. ment^^dS" 

Tis right, quoth the Steward : and sure, Licurgus Law- other suo- 
giver to the Lacedemonians, could not have given a better cesses, as good 
sentence then that which the Grand Sancho Pansa hath given. ^ Touch. 
And now this Mornings audience may end, and I will give 
order that the Govemour may dine plentifully. That I 
desire (auoth Sancho) and let ^s have faire play : Let mee 
dine, ana then let Cases and Doubts raine upon me, and He 
snuffe them apace. 

The Steward was as good as his word, holding it to be a 
matter of Conscience, to starve so discreet a Govemour : 
Besides, his purpose was to make an end with him that 
night, performing the last jest, which he had in Commission, 
towards him. It hapned then, that having eaten contrary 
to the prescriptions and orders of the Doctor Tirteafuera, 
when the cloth was taken away, there came in a Poste with 
a Letter of Don Quixotes, to the Govemour. Sancho com- 
manded the Secretary to read it to himselfe, and that if 
there came no secret in it, hec should read it aloud. The 
Secretary did so, and sodainely running of it over, said. It may 
well be read out, for this that Don Quixote writes to you, 
deserves to be stamped and written in golden letters, and 
thus it is. 

Don Quixotes Ijctter to Sancho Pansaj Govcrnaur of the 

[land Barataria. 

When I thought (friend Sancho) to have heard newes 
of thy negligence and folly, I heard it of thy discretion ; 
for which I gave to God particular thankes. I heare thou 
Govemest as if thou wert a man, and that thou art a man 
as if thou wert a beast, such is thy humility thou uscst; 
yet let mee note unto thee, that it is very necessary and 
convenient many times, for the Authority of a place to goe 

107 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER against the humility of the heart : for the adornment of the 
^I person that is in eminent Offices, must be according to their 

Of Sancho's greatnesse, and not according to the measure of the meeke 
proceeding in condition, to which he is inclined. Goe well clad, for a 
ment^ with Stake well dressed, seemes not to be so : I say not to thee 
other sue- that thou weare toyes, or gawdy gay things ; not that being 
ce8Be8,asgood a ludge thou goe like a Souldier, but that thou adorn thy 
M Touch. ggife with such a habit as thy place requires ; so that it be 

handsome and neat. 

To get the good will of those thou Governest, amongst 
others, thou must doe two things : the one, to be courteous 
to all, which I have already told thee of; and the other, to 
see that there be plenty of sustenance ; for there is nothing 
that doth more weary the hearts of the poore, then hunger 
and dearth. 

Make not many Statute-Lawes, and those thou dost make, 
see they be good, but chiefly that they be observed and kept, 
for Statutes not kept, are the same as if they were not made ; 
and doe rather shew that the Prince had Wisedome and 
Authority to make them, then valour to see that they should 
bee kept: and Lawes that onely threaten, and are not 
executed, become like the beame. King of frogs, that at first 
scarred them, but in time they despised, and gat up on the 
top of it. 

Be a Father of Vertue, but a father-in-law of Vice. 
Be not alwaies cruell, nor alwaies mercifull, choose a 
meane betwixt these two extremes, for this is a point of 
discretion. 

Visit the Prisons, the Shambles, and the Markets ; for in 

such places, the Gt)vemours presence is of much importance. 

Comfort the prisoners that hope to bee quickly dispatched. 

Be a BuU-begger to the Butchers, and a scarre-Crow to 

the Huckster-women for the same reason. 

Shew not thy selfe (though perhaps thou art, which yet I 
believe not) Covetous, or a Wnoore-monger, or a Glutton ; 
for when the town, and those that converse with thee, know 
which way thou art inclined, there they will set upon thee, 
till they cast thee downe head-long. 
108 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

View and review, passe and repasse thine eyes over the CHAPTER 
Instructions I gave thee in writing, before thou wentest from ^^ 

hence to thy Grovernment, and thou shalt see, how thou Of Sancho's 
iindest in them, if thou observe them, an allowance to helpe Pfoce^i"? "» 
thee to beare and passe over the troubles that are incident j^g^^ ^j^' 
to Governors. other suc- 

Write to thy Lords, and shew thy selfe thankefull : for cesses, as good 
ingratitude is the daughter of pride, and one of the greatest ^ Touch, 
sins that is : and hee that is thankefull to those that have done 
him good, gives a testimony that he will be so to God too, 
that hath done him so much good, and daily doth continue it. 

My Lady Duchesse dispatcht a Messenger a purpose with 
thy apparel : and another Present to thy wife Teresa Pansa ; 
every minute we expect an answer. 

I have beene somewhat ill at ease of late with a certaine 
Cat-businessc that hapued to me not very good for my nose, 
but "'twas nothing : for if there be Enchanters that misuse 
me, others there be that defend me. Let me know if the 
Steward that is with thee, had any hand in Trifaldis actions, 
as thou suspectedst : and let me heare likewise of all that 
befals thee, since the way is so short ; besides, I think to 
leave this idle life ere long, for I was not borne to it. 

Heere is a businessc at present, that I beleeve will bring 
mee in disgrace with these Nobles: but though it much 
conceme me, I care not : for indeede I had rather comply 
with my profession, then with their wils, according to the 
saying : Amicus Plato^ sed magis arnica Veritas. I write thee 
this Latine, because I thinke since thy being Govemour thou 
hast learnt to understand it. And so farewell, God keep 
thee and send that no man pitie thee. 

Thy friend, 

Don Quixote de la Mancha. 

Sancho heard the Letter very attentively, and those that 
heard it, applauded it for a very discreet one : and presently 
Scmcho rose from the Table, and calling the Secretarie, lockt 
him to him in his lodging Chamber, and without more 

109 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER delay, meant to answere his Master Don Quixote: and 

L^ therefore he bade the Secretarie, without adding or diminish- 

Of Sancho's ing ought, to write what he would have him ; which he did : 

pro^edingin ^jj ^jjg ijgtter in answere was of this ensuinir tenour. 
his Govern- ® 

ment^ with 

^^L^'UnlnnA Saticko Pofwis Letter to Don Quutote de la Mamha. 
c c g pco ^ as gooQ ^ 

as Touch. ]Vf y businesse and implovments are so great, that I have 

not leisure either to scratch my Head, or pare my nayles, 

which is the reason they are so long (God help mee.) 

This I say (dcare Signior mine) that you may not wonder, 
if hitherto I have not given you notice of my well or ill 
beeing at this Grovemment ; in which I am now more 
hungry, then when you and I travelled in the Woods, and 
Wildemesse. 

My Lord the Duke wrot me the other day, by way of 
advice, that there were certaine Spies entred the Iland, to 
kill me : but hitherto, I have discovered none but a certaine 
Doctor, who is entertained in this Town, to kill as many 
Grovemors as come to it : and his name is Doctor Pedro 
Rezio, born in Tirteafuera : that you may see what a name 
this is for me to feare lest he kill mee. 

This aforesaid Doctor sayes of himselfe, that hee cures 
not infirmities when they are in present being, but prevents 
them before they come : and the Medicines nee useth, are 
dyet upon dyet, till he makes a man nothing but bare 
bones ; as if leanenesse were not a greater sicknesse then a 
Calenture. 

Finally, he hath even starved mee, and I am ready to 
dye for anger : for when I thought to have comen to this 
lumd to eate good warme things, and to drinke coole, and 
to recreate my body in Holland sheetes, and Feather-beds ; 
I am forced to doe penance, as if I were an Hermite : and 
because I doe it unwillingly, I beleeve at the upshot the 
Divell will have me. 

Hitherto have I neither had my due, nor taken bribe, 
and I know not the reason : for hccre they tell mee, that 
the Govemours that use to come to this Iland, before 

110 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

they come, they of the townc either give or lend them a CHAPTER 
good summe of money : and this is the ordinarie custome, ^^ 

not onely in this Towne, but in many others also. Of Sancho's 

Last night as I walked the Round, I met with a faire proceeding in 
Maid in mans apparell ; and a Brother of hers in womans : Jl^^^'lS' 
my Carver fell in love with the Wench, and purposed to other suc- 
talce her to Wife, as he saves ; and I have chosen the Youth cesses, as good 
for my sonne in law : ana to day both of us will put our «* Touch, 
desires in practice with the Father of them both, which is 
one Diego de la Lana, a Glentleman and an old Christian, 
as much as you would desire. I visit the Market places 
(as you advised mee) cuid yesterday found a Huckster, that 
sold new Haizel Nuts, and it was prooved against her, that 
she had mingled the new, with a bushell of old, that were 
rotten and without kernels; I judged them all to be given 
to the Hospitall boyes, that could very well distinguish 
them ; and gave sentence on her, that shee should not come 
into the Market-place in fifteene dayes after : ^twas told me, 
that I did most valourously ; all I can tell you is, that it 
is the common report in this towne, that there is no worse 
people in the world then these women of the Market-places : 
for all of them are impudent, shamelesse, and ungodly; 
and I beleevc it to be so, by those that I have scene in 
other townes: That my Ladie the Duchesse hath written 
to my Wife Teresa Pansa, and sent her a token, as you 
say, it pleaseth me very well, and I will endevour at fit 
time to shew my sclfe thcmkefuU: I pray doe you kisse 
her hands on my behalfe, and tell her, her kindtiesse is 
not ill bestowed, as shall after appeare. 

I would not that you should have any thwart-reckonings 
of dis-taste with those Lords : for if you be displeased with 
them. His plainc it must needs redound to my dammage, 
and Hwere unfit that, since you advise mee not to be un- 
thankefull, you should be so to them that have shewed 
you so much kindnesse, and by whom you have been so 
well welcomed in their Castle. 

That of your Cat-businesse, I understand not : but I sup- 
pose tis some of those ill feates, that the wicked Enchanters 

111 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

HAPTER are wont to uie toward you ; I shall know <if you, when 
^ we meet. I would £une have tent you lonietfaing from 

^ttt^t^'^ hence, but I know not what, ei:oept it were aome little 
^^^^/» Canes to make Squirts, which with Bkdden too they make 
oit^ 1^' very curiously in this place : but if my Office last. He get 
htrmic' something worth the sending. 

iMWfiwgood If my wife Teresa Pansa write to mee, pay the Portage, 
Touch. mid gend me the Letter: for I have a wonderfull desire 
to know of the Estate of my house, my wife and children : 
and so God keep you from ill-mimled Enchanters, and 
deliver mee well ana peaceably fixMn this Grovenunent ; for 
I doubt it, and thinke to lay my bones here, according as 
the Doctor Pedro Rezio handles me. 

Your Wordiips Servant, 

Sancho Pansa the Grovemour. 

The Secretarie made up the Letter, and presently dis- 
patcht the Post; and so Sancho's Tormentors joj^ning 
together, gave oider how they might dispatch him from 
the Government And that aftemoone Sancho passed, in 
setting downe orders for the well-goveming the Band he 
imagined to be so: and he ordained there should bee no 
Huocsters for the Commonwealths provisions; and like- 
wise that they might have Wines brought in from whence- 
soever they woula; onely with this Proviso, to tell the place 
from whence they came, to put prices to them according 
to their value, and soodnes: ana whosoever put water to 
any wine, or changa the name of it, should die for it: 
he moderated the prices of all kinde of doathine, especi- 
ally of shooes, as thinking Leather was sold with much 
exorbitancie. 

He made a taxation for servants wages, who went on 
unbrideled for their profit. 

He set grievous penalties upon such as should sing bawdie 
or ribaldry songs, eitlier by night or day. 

He ordained likewise, that no blind-man should sin^ 
miracles in VertCi except they brought Autfaenticall testi- 

IIS 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

monies of the truth of them : for he thought, that the CHAPTER 
most they sung, were false, and prejudiciall to the true. ^ 

He created also a Constable for the poore, not that OfSaiirho'a 
should persecute, but examine them, to know if they were Pf™^'"K»n 
so : for under colour of fained maimenesse, and false sores, nlent ' with 
the hands are Theeves, and health is a Drunkard. uther' sue- 

In conclusion, he ordered things so well, that to this ctme*,aagood 
day they are fam^d and kept in that place, and "■ Touch, 
are called. The Ordinances of the Grand 
Gkivemour, Sancho Pansa. 



CHAPTER HI 

The Adventure of the second Afflicted or straight- 
ned Matron, alias Donna Rodriguez. 

miD HAMETE tcls us, that Don Quixote 
being recovered of his scratchesjho thought 
the life he led in that Ca.stle, was 
much against the order of Knighthood he 
profest : so he determined to crave leave 
of the Dukes to part towards Saragoza, 
whose lusts drew ncere, where hee thought 
to gaine the Armour that uscth to beo ob- 
tained tn them. Aiio^ being one day at the Table with the 
Dukes, and beginning to put his intention in (.'\ecution, and 
to aske leave : Behold, unlookt for, two women came in at 
the great Hall doorc, clad (as it after appeared) in mourn- 
ing from head to foot : and one of them comniing to Don 
Quixote, she fell downe all along at his feet with her 
mouth sowed to them ; and she groaned so sorrowfully, 
and so profoundly, that she put all that beheld her into 
a great confusion : and thougn the Dukes thought it was 
some tricke their servants would put upon Don Quixote; 
aotwithstaoding, seeing with what eamestncsse the woman 
4 : P 113 




CHAPTER 
LII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
second 
Afflicted or 
stsaightned 
Matron^ 
aHoM Donna 
Rodriguez. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

sighed, groaned and wept, they were a little doubtfuU and 
in suspence, till Don Quixote in great compassion raised 
her from the ground, and made her discover her selfe, and 
take her Mantle from her blubberM face. She did so, 
and appeared to be (what could not be imagined) Donna 
Rodriguez the Waiting-woman of the house: and the 
other in mourning was her wronged Daughter, abused by 
a rich Farmers sonne. All were in admiration that knew 
her, especially the Dukes : for though they knew her to be 
foolish, and of a good mould that way ; yet not to bee so 
neere mad. 

Finally, Donna Rodriguez turning to the Lords, she 
said. May it please your Excellencies, to give mee leave 
to impart a thing to this Knight: for it behooves me to 
come out of a businesse, into which the boldnesse of a 
wicked Raskall hath thrust me. 

Tlie Duke said, he gave her leave, and that she should 
impart what she would to Signior Don Quixote. She 
directing her voice and her gesture to Don Quixote, said, 
Some dayes since, valorous Knight, I related to you the 
wrong and trccherie that a wicked Farmer haui done 
to my beloved Daughter, the unfortunate one heere now 
present; and you promised me to undertake for her to 
right this wrong that hath beene done her: and now it 
hath come to my notice, that you meane to part from 
this Castle, in quest of your Adventures (God send them), 
and therefore my reoucst is, that before you scowre the 
wayes, you would dene this untamed Rusticke, and make 
him marry my Daughter, according to the promise he 
gave her before he coupled with her: For to thinke 
that my Lord the Duke will doe me justice, is to seeke 
Peares from the Elmc, for the reason tnat I have plainely 
told you ; and so God give you much health, and forsake 
not us. 

To these reasons, Don Quixote answered with great 
gravity and Prosopopeia : 

Good Matron, temper your teares, and save your sighs, 
and I will engage my seUe to right your Daughter; for 

114 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

whom it had beene much better, not to have beene so CHAPTER 
easie of beleeving her Lovers promises, which for the most LIl 

part are light in making, but heavy in accomplishing : The Adven- 
and therefore with my Lord the Dukes leave, I will pre- *^''® ®^ *^® 
sently part in search of this ungodly yong man, and ^^J^fg^ ^^ 
finde and challenge him, and kill him, if ne deny to gtraightned 
accomplish his promise. For the chiefe ayme oi my Matron, 
profession is, to pardon the humble, and to chastize the atias Donnh 
proud ; I meane, to succour the wretched, and to destroy '*'0d'*§»^®*' 
the cruel! . 

You need not (quoth the Duke) be at the paines of 
seeking the Clowne, of whom the good Matron complaines ; 
neither need you aske me leave to defie him, ^tis enough, 
that I know you have done it; and let it be my charge 
to give him notice that he accept the challenge, and come 
to my Castle to answere for himselfe, where safe lists 
shall be set up for you both, observing the conditions 
that in such Acts ought to bee observed; and both your 
Justices equally, according as Princes are obliged to doe, 
that grant single combate to those that fight within their 
Dominions. Why, with this securitie and your Greatnesses 
licence (quoth Don Quixote) here I say that for this once 
I renounce my Gentry, and doe equalize my selfe to the 
meanenesse of the Offender : and so qualifie him to com- 
bate with me: and so though he be absent, I challenge 
and defie him, for that hee did ill to defraude this poore 
creature that was a Maid, and now by his villany is none, 
and that hee shall either fulfill his word he gave her to 
marry her, or die in the demand. 

And straight plucking off his Glove, he cast it into the 
midst of the Hall, and the Duke tooke it up, saying. That 
hee (as had beene said) in his Vassals name accepted the 
challenge, and appointed the prefixt time sixe dayes after, 
and the Lists to i>e in the C'ourt of that Castle, and the 
usuall Armes of Knights, as Lance and Shield, and laced 
Armour, with all other pieces, without deceit, advantage, or 
superstition, seenc and allowed by the ludges of the Lists : 
but first of all 'tis requisite, that this honest Matron, and 

1L5 



CHAPTER 
LII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
second 
Af&icted or 
gtraightned 
Matron^ 
alioM Donna 
Rodriguez. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

this ill Maid commit the right of their cause into Signior 
Don Quixote de la Mancha^s hands : for otherwise there will 
be nothing done ; neither will the said challenge be put in 
execution. 

I doe (quoth the Matron) and I too (said the Daughter, 
all blubbered and shamefacM and in ill taking). 

This agreement being made, and the Dukes imagining 
what was to be done in the businesse, the mourners went 
their wayes, and the Duchesse commanded they should be 
used not as their servants, but like Lady- Adventurers, that 
came to their house to aske justice, and served as strangers, 
to the wonderment of other servants that knew not, what 
would become of the madnesse and levity of Donna Rodri- 
guez, and her Errant Daughter. 

Whilst they were in this businesse, to adde more mirth to 
the Feast, and to end the Comedy : behold where the Page 
comes in, that carried the Letter and tokens to Teresa Pansa; 
whose arrivall much pleased the Dukes, desirous to know 
what befell him in his voyage, and asking him. The Page 
answered, that he could not tell them in publike, nor in few 
words ; but that their Excellencies would bee pleased to 
reserve it for a private time, and that in the meane time, 
they would entertainc themselves wilh those Letters ; and 
taking them out, he gave two to the Duchesse, the super- 
scription of the one was, to my Lady Duchesse, I know not 
whence: and the other, To my Husband Sancho Pansa, 
Govemour of the Hand Barataria, whom God prosper longer 
then me. 

The Duchesse could not be quiet, till she had read her 
Letter ; so opening it, and reading it to her selfe, and seeing 
that she might rc^&de it aloud, shee did so, that the Duke 
and the by-standers might heare it, as followeth. 



Teresa PanscCs Letter to the Duchesse. 

Lady mine : Your Greatnesses Letter vou wrote me, did 
much content mee, for I did very much desire it : Your 
string of Corals was very good ; and my Husbands hunting 

116 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

suite comes not short of it : That your Honour hath made CHAPTER 
my Consort Grovemour, all this Towne rejoyceth at it, ^^ 

though there is none that will beleeve it : especially, the The Adven- 
Vicar, Master Nicholas the Barber, and Samson Carasco the *^™ ^^ *^® 
Bachelor : but all is one to mee, so it bee true, as it is ; let Afflicted or 
each one say what hee will : but if you goe to the truth, had straightned 
it not beene for the Corall and the Sute I should not have Matron, 
beleeved it neither : for all in this Towne hold my Husband j'J^ Donna 
for a very Leekc; and taking him from his governing a "^"^^■' 
Flocke ojf Groats, they cannot imagine for what government 
else hee should bee good : God make him so, and direct him 
as hee sees best ; for his children have need of it. I, Lady 
of my life, am determined with your Worships good leave, 
to make use of this good fortune in my house ; and to goe 
to the Court to stretch my selfe in a Coach, to make a 
thousand envious persons blinde that looke after me. And 
therefore I request your Excellencic to command my Hus- 
band to send me some stocke of money to purpose, because 
I heare, the Court expenses are great, that a loafe is worth 
sixe-pencc ; and a pound of Mutton five-pence, that tis 
wonderfuU : and that if he meane not that I shall goe, hee 
let mec know in time : for my feet are dancing till I be 
jogging upon the way ; for my friends and neighbours tell 
me, that ii I and my daughter goe glistering and pompously 
in the Court, my Husband will be knowne by me more then 
I by him; for that of necessity, many will aske. What 
Gentlewomen are these in the Coach ? Then a servant of 
mine answers. The Wife and Daughter of Sancho Pansa, 
Govemour of the Hand Barataria ; and by this meanes, *A Phrase 
Sancho shall be knowne, and I shall be esteemed, *and to used by her to 

Rome for all. I am as sorry, as sorrow may be, that this "^ purpose, 

1 .11 * •' i. 11 j.1. J. T J buttisausuaU 

yeere we have gathered no Acornes, for all that I send your thing j^ Spain 

Highnesse halfe a pecke, which I culled out, and went to the among ill 
mountaine on purpose, and they were the biggest I could livers to cry, 
finde. I could have wished they had beene as big as East- °'^"^ ^^ 
ritch Egges. Let not your Pomposity forget to write to rret absolution 
me, and He have a care to answer and advize you of my for their 
health, and all that passeth here where I remaine ; praying villanies. 

117 



CHAPTER 
LII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
second 
Afflicted or 
straightned 
Matron, 
alias Donna 
Rodriguez. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

to God to preserve your Greatnesse, and forget not me ; my 
daughter Sancha and my sonne kisse your Imnds. She that 
desires more to see, then to write to your Honour, 

Your Servant, Teresa Pansa. 

Great was the content that all received to heare Teresa 
Pansa^s Letter, principally of the Dukes ; and the Duchesse 
asked Don Quixote's advice, if it were fit to open the Letter 
that came for the Gx)vemour, which shee imagined was most 
exquisite. Don Quixote said, that to pleasure them, he 
would open it : which he did, and saw the Contents, which 
were these. 

Teresa Pansd's Letter^ to her Husband Sancho, 

I received thy Letter, my Sancho of my soule, and I pro- 
mise and sweare to thee, as I am a Catholike Christian, 
there wanted not two fingers breadth of making me mad for 
joy ; lookc you Brother, when I came to heare that thou art 
a Govemour, I thought I should have falne downe dead 
with gladnesse; for thou knowest that 'tis usually said. 
That sodaine joy as soon kils as excessive griefe. The 
water ran downe thy daughter Sanchica's eies, without per- 
ceiving of it, with pure content. The suite thou sentest 
me I had before me, and the Corals my Lady the Duchesse 
sent, and the Letters in my hands, and the bearer of 
them present, and for all this I beleeved and thought 
that all I saw or felt, was a drcame : For who could thinke 
that a Goatheard should come to be a Govemour of Hands? 
and thou knowest, friend, that my Mother was used to 
say. That twas ncedfull to live long, to see much. This 
I say, because I thinke to see more, if I live longer ; for I 
hope I shall not have done, till I see thee a Farmer or Cus- 
tomer, which arc Offices, that though the Devill carry away 
him that dischargeth them badly, yet in the end good store 
of coyne goes thorow their hands. My Lady the Duchesse 
will let thee know what a desire I have to go to the Court, 
consider of it, and let mee know thy minde : and I will doe 
thee honor there, going in my Coach. The Vicar, Barber, 

118 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Bachelor nor Sexton cannot believe that thou art a Gover- CHAPTER 
nour, and say that His all juggling or Enchantment, as all ^^1 

thy Master Don Quixote's affaires are ; and Seunson saycs, The Adven- 
he will finde thee out, and put this Government out of thy *^^'*® of the 
noddle, and Don Quixote's madncsse out of his Cox-combe. Afflicted or 
I doc nothing but laugh at them, and looke upon my Corall Rtraightned 
chaine, and contrive how to make my daughter a Gowne of Matron, 
the suit thou sentest me. I sent my Lady the Duchesse j'j^f P®'^* 
some Acomes, I would they had beene of gold : I prethee "K^®*- 
send me a string of Pearles, if they be used in that Iland. 

The newes of this towne is, that Berueca married her 
daughter to a scurvy Painter that came to this towne to 
paint at randome. The Burgers of the towne willed him to 

Eaint the Kings Armes over the gate of the Towne-Hall ; 
ee demanded two Ducats, which they gave him before-hand: 
he wrought eight daies, in the end painted nothing, and said, 
he could not hit upon painting such a deale of Pedlery ware: 
so hec returned them their money, and for all this, hee 
married under the name of a good workeman : true it is, 
that he hath left his Pencill, and taken the Spade, and goes 
to the field most Gentleman-like. Pedro de Lobo s sonne 
hath taken Orders, and shaved his head, with purpose to be 
a Priest. Minguilla Mingo Silvatos niece knew of it, and 
she hath put a bill against him for promising her mariage : 
malicious tongues will not sticke to say, that she is great by 
him, but he denies it stiffely. 

This yeere we have haia no Olives, neither is there a 
drop of Vineger to be had in all the town. A Company 
of Souldiers passed by heere, and by the way they carried 
three wenches from this towne witn them, I will not tell 
thee who they are, for perhap they will retume, €md there 
will not want some that will marry them for better for 
worse. Sanchica makes bone-lace, and gets her three-halfe- 
pence a day cleere, which she puts in a boxe with a slit, 
to helpe to buy her houshola-stuffe : but now that she 
is a Governours daughter, thou wilt give her a portion, 
that she needs not worke for it. The stone-fountain in 
the market-place is dried up, a Thunder-bolt fell upon 

119 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

C'HAITER the Pillory, there mn^ they fall alL I expect an answa of 
''" thin, snd thy resolution touching my going to theCcmt; 

'Dia A'lveii- and mo Goo keepe thee longer then me, or u long; fiir 
Hwuii'a * would not leave thee in this world behinde me. 

Thy Wife, Teresa Pania. 

'Vhau' lA'tters were extolled, laughed at, esteemed and 

ndminrd ; and to mend the matter, the Post came that 

brought one from Sancho to Don Quixote, which was 

likewiiie read aloud ; which brought the Govemours mad- 

tiLiiM.* in ^uctition. The Dudiesse retired witb the Page, 

b* know what had beblne him in Sancho's towne, who 

told her at large, without omitting circumstance : be gave 

hiT the AcomcM, and a Cheese too which Teresa mre him 

fur II verv good one, much better then those of Tnmion ; 

the DuciiCHHc received it with great content, in whidi we 

will leave livr, to tell the ena that the Government of 

the <irand i^ncho Pansa had, the flower and 

Mirror of all Ilandish Govemoura. 



Aflli>;b!<l or 

MhUxii, 
alliu ItiiiiiM 
IbxIriKUM. 



CHAPTER LIII 

Of the troublesome end and up-shot that Sancho 
Pansu's Government had. 

O tliinkc tliat the afTaires of this life should 
but ever in one being, is needlesse; for 
it rather scemes otherwise : the Summer 
followca the Spring, after the Summer, 
the Fall, and the Fall, the Winter, and 
BO Time goes on in a continuated wheele. 
Onely mans life runnes to a speedy end, 
swifter then Time, without hope of being 

rcnucd, except it be in another life, which hath no bounds 

to limit it. 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

This said Cid Hamete, a Mahometicall Philosopher ; for CHAPTER 
many without the light of Faith, onely with a naturall ^^^ 
instinct have understood the swiftnesse and uncertainty of Of the 
this life present, and the lasting of the eternall life which troublesome 
is expected. But heere the Author speakes it, for the shut'that"^ 
speedinesse with which Sancho^s Government was ended, Saucho 
consumed and undone, and vanished into a shade and Pausa's 
smoake, who being a-bed the seventh night after so many Government 
daies of his Grovernment, not cloyed with bread or wine, 
but with judging and giving sentences, making Proclama- 
tions and Statutes, when sleepe, maugre and in despite of 
hunger, shut his eye-lids, hee heard such a noyse of bells 
and out-cryes, as if the whole Hand had beene sunke: he 
sate up in his bed, and was very attentive, hearkening if 
he coiud ghessc at the cause of so great an uprore, but 
he was so farre from knowing it, that a noyse of a world 
of Drums and Trumpets added to that of the bells and 
cries, made him more confused, and more full of feare 
and horror; and rising up, he put on a paire of slippers 
for the moystncsse of the ground, and without any night- 
gowne upon him, or any thing like it, he went out at 
his chamoer doore, at such time as hee saw at least twenty 
persons come running thorow the entries, with Torches in 
their hands lighted, and swords unsheathed, crying all out 
aloud; Arme, Arme, Sir Grovernour, Arme; for a world of 
enemies are entred the Hand, and we are undone, if your 
skill and valour helpe us not. 

With this fury, noyse and up-rore, they came where 
Sancho was, astonisht and embeseld with what he heard 
and saw: and when they came to him, one of them sayd, 
Arme your selfe strait, Sir, if you meane not to be destroyd, 
and that all the Hand be lost. 

I arme my selfe (quoth Sancho)? Know I any thing 
what belongs to Armes or Succours? twere better leave 
these things to my Master Don Quixote de la Mancha, 
hee will dispatch and put them in safety in an instant ; 
for I (sinner that I am) understand nothing of this 
quicke service. Ha, Sir Governour, said another, what 

4 : Q ISl 



CHAPTER 
LIII 

Of the 
troublesome 
end aud up- 
shot that 
Sancho 
Pansa's 
Government 
had. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

faint-heartednesse is this ? Arme your selfe, for here wee 
brin^ you Armes offensive and defensive. March to the 
MarKet-place, and be our Guide and Captaine, since you 
ought (oeing our Govemour) to be so. Anne mee on 
Gods Name (quoth Sancho.) And strait they brought 
him two shields, of which they had good store, and they 
clapt them upon his shirt, wiuiout letting him take any 
other clothes ; one they put before, and the other behinde, 
and they drew out his armes at certaine holes they had 
made, and bound him very well with cords, so tnat he 
was walled and boorded up straight like a spindle, not 
able to bend his knees, or to move a step. In his hands 
they put a Lance, on which hce leant to keepe himselfe 
up. When they had him thus, they bad him march, and 
guide them, ana cheere them all ; for that hee being their 
Lanthome, North, and Morning starre, their matters would 
be well ended. How should I (wretch that I am) march ? 

auoth Sancho, for my knee-bones will not moove, since 
iiesc boords that are so sowed to my flesh, doe hinder 
me: your onely way is to carry me in your armes, and 
to lay me a-thwart, or let me stand up at some Posterne, 
which I will make good, eyther with my Lance or my 
body. Fie, Sir, said another, "^tis more your feare then 
the boords that hinder your pace ; make an end for shame, 
and bestir your selfe; for it is late, and the enemies in- 
crease, the cries are augmented, and the danger waxeth 
more and more. At whose perswasions and vitupery, the 
poore Govemour tried if he could moove himselfe : so he 
fell to the ground, and had such a fall, that he thought 
he had broken himselfe to pieces; and now hee lay like 
a Tortoise, shut in, and covered with his shell, or like a 
Flitch of Bacon clapped betweene two boords, or like a 
Boate overturned upon a flatte; and for all his faU, those 
scofiers had no compassion at all on him, but rather putting 
out their Torches, tney began to re-enforce their cryes, and 
to reiterate their Arme, Arme, so fast running over poore 
Sancho, giving him an infinite company of slaves upon his 
Shields, that if he had not withdrawne himselfe, and snrunke 
12S 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

his head up into them, the poore Grovernour had beene in CHAPTER 
wofull plight ; who being thus shrugged up in this strait, ^^^ 
he was in a terrible sweat and beraied, and recommended Of the 
himselfe heartily to God Almighty to deliver him from that ^'^'JJ,^''^"*® 
dan^r. Some stumbled upon him, others fell, and another gh^t ^^^^ ^ 
woiud get upon him for a good while, and from thence, as Sancho 
from a watch tower, governed the Army, and cried aloud, Pansa's 
Heere on our side, heere the enemies are thickest : make ^^ernment 
this breach good, keepe that gate shut, downe with those 
ladders, wilde-fire balls, pitch and Rosin, and kettles of 
scalding Oyle: Trench the streets with beds; In fine, he 
named aU manner of ware, instruments, and furniture of 
warre for the defence of a City assaulted : and the bruised 
Sancho, that heard and suffered all, said to himselfe; Oh 
that it would please the Lord that this Band were once lost, 
or that I were dead or delivered from this strait ! Heaven 
heard his petition, and when he least expected, he heard 
this cry. Victory, Victory, the foes are vanquished. Ho, 
Sir Govemour, rise, rise, enjoy the conquest, and divide the 
spoyles that are taken from the enemies, by the valour of 
your invincible arme. 

Raise me, quoth the grieved Sancho, with a pittifull voyce. 
They helpt to raise him, and being up, hee said; Every 
enemy that I have vanquished, nailc him in my forehead : 
lie divide no spoyles of enemies, but desire some friend, if 
I have any, to give me a draught of wine, that may dry up 
this sweat, for I am all water. They wiped him, brought him 
wine, and unbound the Shields from him : he sate upon his 
bedde, and with the very anguish of the sodaine frignt, and 
his toyle, hee fell into a swound ; and they that playd that 
tricke with him, were sorry it fell out so heavily: but Sancho^s 
comming straight to himselfe, tempered their sorrow. 

^ He asked them what a clocke it was ? They answered 
him, it grew to be day. 

Hee held his peace, and without more words, began to 
cloath himselfe, all buried in silence, and all beheld him, 
expecting what would bee the issue of his hasty dressing 
himselfe. 

123 



CHAPTER 
LIU 

Of the 
troublesome 
end and up- 
shot that 
Sancho 
Pftnsa's 
Grovemment 
had. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Thus by little and little, he made himselfe ready, for 
by reason of his wearinesse he could not doe it very fast, 
and so went toward the stable (all they that were there 
following him) and comming to Dapple, hee embraced and 
gave him a loving kisse on the* forehead, and not without 
teares in his eyes, sayd : 

Come thou hither, companion mine and friend, fellow- 
partner of my labours and miseries; when I consorted 
with you, no other cares troubled me, then to mend thy 
furniture, and to sustaine thy little corps: happy then 
were my houres, dayes, and yeeres : but since I left thee, 
and mounted on the towers of ambition and pride, a 
thousand miseries, a thousand toyles, foure thousand un- 

auietnesses have entred my soule. And as hee was thus 
iscoursing, he fitted on we packnsaddle, no body sayii^ 
ought unto him. Dapple being thus pack-saddled, with 
much adoe he got upon him, and directing his speeches 
and reasons to the Steward, the Doctor and many others 
there present, he said. 

Give mc roome, sirs, and leave to return to my former 
liberty; let mce seeke my ancient life, to rise from this 
present death: I was not borne to be a Grovemour, nor 
to defend Hands nor Cities from enemies that would assault 
them: I can tell better how to plow, to digge, to prune, 
and plant Vineyards, then to give Lawes, or defend Pro- 
vinces and Kingdomcs ; tis good sleeping in a whole skinne : 
I meane, tis fit that every man should exercise the Calling 
to which he was bom : a Sickle is better in my hand, then 
a Govemours Scepter. I had rather fill my selfe with a 
good dish of Gaspachos, then be subject to the misery of 
an impertinent Physician, that would kill me with hunger : 
I had rather solace my selfe under the shade of an Oake 
in Summer, and cover my selfe with a double sheepe-skinne 
in Winter quietly, then lay me downe to the subjection of 
a Government in fine Holland sheets, and be clothed in 
Sables : fare you well Sir, and tel my Lord the Duke, 
Naked was I borne, naked I am, I neythcr winne nor lose : 
I meane, I came without crosse to this Government, and 
124 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I goe from it without a crosse, contrary to what Govemours CHAPTER 
of other Hands are used to doe. Stand out of the way, and ^^ 
let me go, for I must seare-cloth my selfe ; for I beleeve all Of the 

my ribs are bruised, I thanke the enemy that trampled over troubl^me 
.«1 «ii 4-v>i« ..;^U4- end and up- 

me all this night. .^ . „ . shot that 

You shall not doe so, Sir Grovemour, quoth Doctor Rezio, Sancho 
for I will give you a drinke good aeainst falls and bruises, Pansa's 
that shall straight recover you : and touching your diet, I Government 
promise you to make amends, and you shall eat plentifully 
of what you list. Tis too late (quoth Sancho) lie as soon 
tarry as tume Turke : these jests are not m)od the second 
time: you shall as soone get me to stay neere, or admit 
of any other Government, (though it were presented in two 

Flatters to me) as make me flye to heaven without wings, 
am of the linage of the Pansa'^s, and we are all head- 
strong, and if once wee cry odde, odde it must be (though 
it be even) in spight of aU the world. Heere in this 
stable let my Ants wings remaine that lifted me up in 
the ayre, to be devoured by Martlets and other birds, 
and now let ""s goe a plaine pace on the ground : and 
though wee weare no pinked Spanish-leather shoos, yet 
we shall not want course pack-thread Sandals. Like to 
like, quoth the Devill to the Collier, and let every man 
cut his measure according to his cloth, and so let mee 
goe, for it is late. 

To which quoth the Steward, With a very good wil you 
should goe, though we shall be very sorry to lose you : 
for your judgement and Christian proceeding oblige us to 
desire your company : but you know, that all Govemours 
are obliged, before they depart from the place which they 
have governed, to render nrst an account of their place, 
which you ought to doe for the tenne daies you have 
governed ; and so Gods peace be with you. 

No man can askc any account of me, said he, but hee 
whom my Lord the Duke will appoint; to him I goe, 
and to him He give a fitting account: besides, I going 
from hence so bare as I doe, there can be no greater 
signe that I have governed like an Angell. 

126 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 



I protest (quoth Doctor RezJo) the Grand Sancho hath 
a great deale of reason, and I am of opinion that we let 
him 2oe ; for the Duke will be infinitely glad to lee him. 
So all affreed, and let him goe, offering first to accompany 
him, and whatsoever he had need of for himselfe, or for 
the com modiouBn esse of his Voyage. 

Sancho told them, hee desired nothing but a little barley 

G^mment for Dapple, and halfe a Cheese and a loafe for hJmselfe; 

for that Dy reason of the shortnesse of the way, hee needed 

no other provision. All of them embraced nim, and he 

with teares embraced them, and left them astonished, 

as well at his discourse, as his most resolute 

and discreet determination. 



CHAPTER 

Ull 
Of the 
troublewme 
md aiid up- 
shot that 
Sancho 



CHAPTER LIV 

That treats of matters concerning this History, 
and no other. 

^HE Duke and Duchesse were resolved that 
Don Quixote^t Challenge that hee made 
against their Vassall for the aforesaid 
cause, should go forward; and though 
the yung man were in Flanders, whither 
hee fied because hee would not have 
Donna Rodriguez to his Mother in Law, 
yet they purposed to put a Gascoigne 
Lackey in his stead, which was called Tosilos, instructing 
him first very well in all that he had to doe. 

Some two daies after, the Duke sud to Don Quixote, that 
within foure daies his contrary would be present, and pre- 
sent himselfe in the field like an armed Knight, and main- 
tainc that the Damozell lied in her throat, if she affirmed 
that he had promised her marriage. Don Quixote was 
much pleued with this newes, and promised to hinudfe 
126 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

to worke miracles in this businesse, and he held it to be CHAPTER 
a speciall happinesse to him, that occasion was offered, ^^^ 
wherein those Nobles might see how far the valor of his Th»t treats 
powerfull arme extended : and so with great jocundnesse ^^ ™»*^" 
and content, he expected the foure daies, which in the ^^^ History, 
reckoning of his desire, seemed to him to bee foure hundred and no other. 
Ages. Let we them passe (as we let passe divers other 
matters) and come to the Grand Sancho, to accompany 
him, who betwixt mirth and mourning, upon Dapple went 
to seeke out his Master, whose company pleased nim more 
then to be Govemour of all the lianas in tne world. 

It fell out so, that he having not gone very farre from 
the Hand of his Government (for he never stood to averre 
whether it were Hand, City, Village, or Towne which he 
governed) he saw that by the way he went, there came 
sixe Pilgrimes with their walking staves, your strangers 
that use to beg almes singing, who when they came neere, 
beset him round, and raising their voyces all together, began 
to sing in their language, what Sajicho could not under- 
stand, except it were one word, which plainely signified 
Almes, which hee perceived they begged in their song. And 
hee (as saith Cid Hamete) being very charitable, tooke 
halfe a Loafe, and halfe a Cheese out of his wallet, of 
which he was provided, and gave it them, telling them 
by signes he had nothing else to give them : they received 
it very willingly and said, * Guelte, Guelte.** I understand 
you not what you would have (good people) quoth Sancho. 
Then one of them took a purse out of his bosome, and 
shewed it to Sancho, whereby he understood they asked 
him for money ; but hee putting his thumbe to his throat, 
and his hand upward, gave them to understand he had 
not a Denier ; and spurring Dapple, he broke thorow them : 
and passing by, one of them looking wishly upon him, layd 
hold on him, and casting his armes about his middle, with 
a loud voyce, and very good Spanish, sayd, God defend me, 
and what doe I see ? is it possible I have my deare friend 
in my armes, my honest neighbour Sancho Pansa? Yes 
sure I have, for I neyther sleepe, nor am drunke. 

127 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Sancho wondied to heare himselfe so called by his name, 
LI^ and to see himselfe embraced by a Pilgrime stranger: and 
ThAt treats after hee had beheld him a good while, without speaking a 
of mattera word, and with much attention, yet he could never call him 
t^^HiBto^ to minde : but the Pilgrime seeing his suspension, said, 
and no other. How now, is it possible. Brother Sancho Pansa, thou 

knowest not thy neighbour Ricote the Morisco Grocer of 
thy towne ? Then Sancho beheld him more earnestly, and 
began to remember his favour, and finally knew him per- 
fectly: and so without alighting from his Asse, hee cast 
his armes about his neck, and said. Who the Divell, Ricote, 
could know thee, in this vizardly disguize? What^s the 
*A word of matter ? who hath made such a *Franchote of thee ? and 
diigrace^the how darest thou retume back againe into Spaine? where, 

if thou bee^st catcht or knowne, woe bee to tnee ? If thou 



gtcBxigen, but ^^^^ ^^ ^^U Sancho, I am safe, quoth the Pilmm : for 
chiefelytothe in this disguise no body will know me: Come let^ goe out 
French. of the high-way, into yonder Elme Grove, for there my 

companions meane to dine, and repose themselves, and 
thou shalt eate with them, for they are very ^ood people, 
and there I shall have leisure to tell thee what hath befalne 
me, since I departed from our Towne, to obey his Majesties 
Edict, which so rigorously threatened those unfortunate ones 
of our Nation, as thou heard^st. 

Sancho consented, and Ricote speaking to the rest of the 
Pilgrims, they went to the Elme Grove that appeared: a 
pretty way cGstant from the High-way, they flung downe 
their Staves, and cast off their Pilgrims weeds, and so 
remained in Hose and Doublet: and all of them were 
yong, and handsome fellowes, except Ricote, who was well 
entred in yeeres: all of them had Wallets, which were 
(all to see to) well provided at least with indtatives that 
provoked to drinke two miles off. 

They sate upon the ground, and making Table-clothes 
of the Grasse ; they set upon it. Bread, Salt, Ejiives, Wal- 
nuts, slices of Cheese, and cleane G«mmon of Bacon-bones : 
which thouffh they would not let themselves be gnawed, 
yet they forbade not to be sucked. 
128 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

They set downe likewise a kinde of blackc meat, called CHAPTER 
Caviary, made of Fishes Egges; a great Alarum to the ^^^ 
bottle, there wanted no Olives, though they were dry with- That treats 
out any Pickle ; yet savoury, and made up a dish : but ^^ matters 
that which most flourisht in the field of that banquet was ; ^|g His^^ 
sixe bottles of Wine, which each of them drew out of his and no other. 
Wallets ; even honest Ricote too, who had transformed 
himselfe from a Morisco into a Grermane, or Dutch-man; 
hee drew out his, that for quantitie might compare with 
the whole five. 

Thus they beganne to eate with great content; and 
very leisurely, rellishing every bit which they tooke upon 
a knives point, and very little of every thing : and straight 
all of them together would lift their armes and bottles up 
into the ayre, putting their own mouthes to the Bottles 
mouthes, their eyes nailed in heaven, as if they had shot 
at it: and in this fashion moving their heads from one 
side to the other, signes of their good liking of the Wine, 
they remained a good while, straining the entrailes of the 
Vessels in their stomacks. 

Sancho marked all, and was grieved at nothing; rather 
to fulfill the Proverbe, that he very well knew, *When ^Cum/uerUa 
thou goest to Rome, etc. hee desired the Bottle of Ricote, Romie, etc. 
and so tooke his ay me as well as the rest, and with no 
lesse delight then they : thus the Bottles suffered them- 
selves to be hoisted on end fourc times: but it was not 
possible the fift; for they were now as soakt and dry as 
a Matteresse, which made their joy hitherto shcwne, now 
very muddy: now and then one of them would take 
Sancho by the right hand, and say, Spaniard and Dutch- 
man all one, bon compaffru). And Sancho answered : Bon 
compagno^ *Juro a di : and with that dischargeth such a ^weares 
laughter as lasted a long houre ; not rcmembring as then |" * broken 
ought that had befalne him in his Government; for cares ^^'^S**^^ 
are wont to have little lurisdiction upon leisure and idle- 
nesse, whitest men are eating and drinking. 

Finally, the ending of their Wine, was the beginning of a 
drowsinesse that seyzed upon them all, so they even lell to 

4 : R U9 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER sleepe where they set; only Ricote and Sancho watched it 
^^ out, for they had eaten more, and drunke lesse : So Ricote 
That treats taking Sancho apart, they sate at the foote of a Beech, 
of matters leaving the Pilgrims buned in sweet sleepe, and Ricote 
^k^Hktory without stumbling a jot into his Morisco tongue, in pure 
and no other. Castillian language, uttered to him this ensuing Discourse. 

Thou well knowest, O Sancho Fansa, friend and neighbour 
mine, how the Proclamation and Edict that his Majesty 
commanded to be published against those of my Nation, 
put us all into a feare and fright, at least me it did : and 
mee thought, that before the time that was limited us for 
our departure from Spaine ; the very rigour of the penalty 
was executed upon me, and my chil(h-en. 

I provided therefore (in my judgement wisely) as he which 
knowes that by such a time the house he lives in shaU bee 
taken from him, and so provides himselfe another against 
hee is to change: I provided, I say, to leave our townc, 
aU alone without my Family, and to seeke some place 
whither I might commodiously carry them, and not in such 
a hurry as the rest that went. For I well saw, and so did 
all our graver sort, that those Proclamations were not onely 
threats, as some said : but true lawes to be put in execution 
at their due time : and I was enforced to belceve this truth ; 
because I knew the villanous, but foolish attempts of our 
Nation: such, as me thought, it was a divine inspiration 
that moved his Majestic, to put so brave a resolution in 
effect : not because wee were all faulty ; for some there were 
firme and true Christians : but they were so few, they could 
not be opposed to those that were otherwise : and it was not 
fit to nourish a Serpent in his bosome, and to have enemies 
within doores. 

Finally, we were justly punished with the penalty of 
Banishment, which seemed to some soft and sweet ; but to 
us the terriblest that could be inflicted : wheresoever wee 
are, we weepe to thinke on Spaine: for indeed heere we 
were borne, and it is our naturall Countrey ; wee no where 
finde the entertainment that our misfortune desires, and in 
Barbary, and all parts of Afirica, where we thought to have 
130 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

been received, entertained, and cherished ; there it is where CHAPTER 
wee are most offended, and misused : we knew not our happi- ^V 
nesse till we lost it, and the desire we all have to retume to That treats 
Spaine is so great, that the most part of such (which are ^^ matters 
many) who speake the language, as I doe, retume hither this^HSto^ 
againe, and leave their Wives and Children there forsaken : and no other, 
so great is the love they beare their Countrey, and now I 
know and finde by experience that the saying is true. Sweet 
is the love of ones Countrey. 

I went (as I say) out of our towne, and came into France, 
and though there we were well entertained, yet I would see 
it all; and so passed into Italy, and arrived in Grermany; 
and there I found we might live with more freedome; ror 
the inhabitants doe not looke much into niceties, every one 
lives as he pleaseth: for in the greatest part of it, there 
is libertie oi conscience. 

There I tooke a house in a Towne neere Augusta, and 
so joyned with these Pilgrims, that usually come for Spaine ; 
many of them every yeere to visit the Devotions heere, which 
are their Indies, and ccrtaine gaine, they travel! all the 
Kingdome over; and there is no towne from whence they 
goe not away with meat and drinke (as you would say) 
at least and sixe pence in money: and when they have 
ended their Voyage, they goe away with a hundreth Crownes 
over-plus, whicn changed into Gold ; eyther in the hollo wes 
of their Staves, or the patches of their Weeds, or by some 
other slight they can, they carry out of the Kingdome, and 
passe into other Countreys, in spight of the Searchers of 
the dry Ports, where the money ought to be registred. And 
now, Sancho, my purpose is to carry away the Treasure that 
I left buried ; for because it is without the Town, I may doe 
it without danger, and write from Valencia, to my Wife and 
Daughter that I know are in Argiers, and contrive how I 
may bring them to some Port of France, and from thence 
carry them into Germany, where we will expect how God 
will please to dispose of us : for indeed, Sancho, I know 
certainely, that Ricota my Daughter, and Francisca Ricota 
my Wife are Catholike Christians: and though I bee not 

131 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER altogether so, yet I am more Christian then Moore; and 
^^ my desire to Grod alwaies is, to open the eyes of my under- 
ThAt treats standing, and to let me know how I may serve him. 
of matters j^^ ^11 1 admire, is, that my Wife and Dai^hter should 

^^H^torr rather go into Barfaiarie, then into France, where they might 
and no other, have lived as Christians. 

To which Sancho said. Look you, Ricote, perhaps they 
could not doe withall : for lohn Tyopeio your wives Brother 
carried them: and he (belike) as he was a ranke Moore, 
would go where he thought best, and I can tell you more, 
I thinke tis in vaine for you to seeke what you left hidden : 
for we had newes that your Brother in law and your Wife 
had many Pearls taken from them, and a great deale of 
gold which was not reristred. 

That may very well oe, Sancho, quoth Ricote : but I know 
they touched not my treasure. For I would not tell them 
where it was hidden, as fearing some mis-hap ; and there- 
fore if thou wilt come with me, Sancho, and help me to take 
it out and conceale it, lie give thee two hundreth Crownes 
to the reliefe of thy necessities, for thou knowest, I know 
thou hast many. 

Were I covetous (quoth Sancho) I would yeeld to this ; 
and were I so, this morning I left an Office, which had I 
kept, I might have made my house walles of gold, and 
within one sixe moneths have eaten in silver dishes: so 
that partly for this, and partly not to bee a Traitour to my 
IQng, in favouring his enemies, I will not goe with thee, 
though thou wouldst give mee foure hundrcth Crownes. 

And what Office was that thou leftest Sancho? quoth 
Ricote. 

I left to be Grovemour of an Band (quoth Sancho) and 
such a one, that yfaith in three Bow-shootes againe you 
shall scarce meet with such another. 

And where is this Hand ? said he. Where ? quoth Sancho. 
Why, two Jjeasues off, and it is called the Hand Barataria. 

Peace, Sancho, quoth Ricote: for your Hands are out 
in the Sea, you have no Hands in the Terra FimuL 

No? quoth Sancho. I tell you, friend Ricote, this 

132 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

morning I left it; and yesterday I governed in it at my CHAPTER 
pleasure like a Sagittarius: but yet I left it, as thinking LIV 
the Govemours Office to be dangerous. That treats 

And what have you gotten by it ? quoth Ricote. I have ^^ matters 
gotten (said he) this experience, that I am not fit to goveme Jhhi^/storv 
ought but a Herd of Cattel, and that in those kinde of i^q^ qq other. 
Governments there is no wealth gotten, but with labour, 
toyle, losse of sleepe and sustenance : for in your Hands your 
Gt)vemours fare very ill ; especially if they have Phisicions 
that looke to their health. 

I understand thee not, Sancho, quoth Ricote: but me 
thinkes thou talkest without sense: for who would give 
thee Hands to goveme ? want there in the world more able 
men then thou to be Govemours? Peace, Sancho, and 
returne to thy wits, and see if thou wilt goe with me, as 
I have said, and help me take out the Treasure that I 
have hidden, for it may very well bee called a Treasure ; and 
I will give thee sufficient to maintaine thee. 

I have told thee, Ricote, quoth Sancho, that I will not : 
let it suffice, I will not discover thee, and goe on thy way, 
on Gods name, and leave me to mine: for I know that 
what is well gotten, is lost ; but what is ill gotten, it and 
the Owner too. 

I will not be too earnest with thee, said hee : but tell 
mee, wast thou in our towne, when my Wife, my Daughter, 
and my Brother in law departed? Marry was I (quoth 
Sancho) and I can tell you, your Daughter shewed so 
beautifull, that all the Towne went out to see her: and 
every one said shee was the fairest creature in the world : 
shee went weeping, and embraced all her friends and ac- 
quaintances, and as many as came to see her, and intreated 
all to recommend her to God, and this so feelingly, that 
shee made mee weepe, that am no Bel- weather: and yfaith 
many had a good minde to have concealed her, and to take 
her away upon the way : but fcare of resisting the Kings 
commandemcnt, made them abstaine : he that shewed him- 
selfe most enamoured, was Don Pedro Gregorio, that Youth, 
the rich heyre that you know very well ; he, they say, loved 

133 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER her very much, uid aiDce she went, was ncrer seene more in 

I''^ our Towne, and we all thou^t, hee followed to steale her 

Tluit treats away : but hitherto there is nothing knowne. 

of mstten j alwayes suspected (quoth Ricote) that this Gentleman 

thb^tor^ loved my Daughter : but being confident io Ricota's worth, 

Md uo other, it never troubled me, to know that he loved her well : for 

I am sure, Sancho, thou hast heard say, that Morisca women 

seldome or never for love married with old Christiam : and 

so my Daughter, who, as I beleeve, rather tended her soules 

health then to bee enamoured, cared little for this rich heires 

loUiciting. 

God grant it, quoth Sancho : for it would be very ill for 
them both : and now, Ricote, let me goe from hence, for I 
meane this night to see my Master Dim Quixote. 

Grod be with thee, Brother Sancho: for now my com- 
panions are stirring, and it is time to be on our way : and 
straight both of them tooke leave; and Sancho gate 
upon Dapple, (wd Ricote leant on his Pilgrims 
Staffe ; and so both departed. 



CHAPTER LV 

Of matters that befell Sancho by the way, and 
others the best in the world. 

=i]ANCHO^ long sUy with Ricote was the 

cause that he reached not that day to the 

Dukes Castle, though hee came within 

halfe a Leaeue of it, where the nieht tooke 

him, somewhat darke and close : but being 

Summer time, It troubled him not much, 

and therefore hee went out of the way, 

purposing to rest till the morning : but as 

ill lucke would have it, seeking a place, where he might 

best accommodate bimselfe, hee and Dapple fell into a most 

1S4 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

darke and deepe pit, which was amongst certain ruinous CHAPTER 
buildings ; and as he was falling, he recommended himselfe LV 

with al his heart to Grod, thinking he should not stop till hee Of matters 
came to Hell, but it fell out otherwise: for within a little ^"^I^^^v^^xi, 
more then three fathoms length. Dapple felt ground, and he ^ "^ ^^^ ^ 
sate still upon him without any hurt or damage received. others the 

He felt all his body over, and held in his breath, to see if best iu the 
hee were sound, or pierced any where : but seeing himselfe world, 
well and whole, and in Catholike health, he thought hee 
could never praise God sufficiently for the favour hee had 
done him ; for he thought verily he had bin beaten into a 
thousand pieces : he went likewise, groping with his hands 
about the walls of the pit to see if it were possible to get 
out without help, but tie found them all smooth, without 
any place to lay hold on, which grieved him very much, 
especially when hee heard Dapple cry out tenderly and dole- 
fully, and no marvell : for it was not for wantonnes, he saw 
himselfe in a pitifull taking. 

Alas, quotn Sancho then, and what sodaine and un- 
thought of accidents befall men that live in this miserable 
world? who would have supposed, that he, who yesterday 
saw himselfe inthronized Governor of an Hand, commanding 
servants and Vassals, should to day bee buried in a Pit, 
without any bodies help, without Servant or Vassall com- 
ming to succour him ? 

Heere I and my Asse are like to perish with hunger, if so 
bee that first wee die not ; he with his bruise, and I with 
griefe and anguish : at least I shall not bee so happy, as my 
Master Don Quixote was, when hee descended and went 
downe into that enchanted Cave of Montesino'^s, where hee 
foimd better welcome then if he had beene at his owne house ; 
and it seemed hee found the cloth ready layd, and his bed 
made : there saw hee goodly and pleasant Visions ; and heere 
(I beleeve) I shall see nothing but Toads and Snakes : un- 
fortunate that I am, what is my madnesse and folly come 
too ? My bones will bee fetcht out from hence (when it shall 
please heaven that I am found) white and smooth, the flesh 
pickt ofi*, and my trustie Dapples with them: whereupon 

135 



CHAPTER 
LV 

Of matters 
that befell 
Sancho by the 
way, and 
others the 
best in the 
world. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

peradventure it shall bee knowne who we are, at least by 
those that shall take notice, that Sancho and the Aisse never 
parted, nor the Asse from Sancho. Agame, I say, Vnhappy 
wee ! our ill fortune would not, that wee shoula dye in our 
Countrey, and amongst our friends, where though our mis- 
fortune had found no redresse; yet we should not have 
wanted pitie, and at last gaspe we should have had our 
eyes closed. Oh Companion mine and friend, how ill have 
I rewarded thy honest service? Pardon me: and desire 
Fortune in the best manner thou canst, to deliver us from 
this miserable toyle in which we are both put : and I heere 
promise to set a Crowne of Lawrell on thy head, that thou 
shalt looke like a Poet Lawreat, and I will double thy 
Provender-allowance. 

Thus Sancho lamented, and his Asse hearkened to him, 
without answering a word ; such was the strait and anguish 
in which the poore Scab found himselfe. 

Finally, having passed over the whole night in complaints 
and lamentations, the day came on, with whose cleerenesse and 
splendor, Sancho taw that there was no maner of possibility 
to get out of that Well, without help, and he began to 
lament and make a noise to see if any body heard him : but 
all his crying out was as in a Desart : for in all the Countrey 
round about, there was none to hearken to him ; and then 
Dapple lay with his mouth open, and Sancho thought he 
had Deen dead : yet hee so handled the matter, that he set 
him upon his ledges, and taking a piece of bread out of his 
Wallets (which had runne the same fortune with them) he 
gave it his Asse, which came not amisse to him ; and Sancho 
said to him, as if hee had understood it, Sorrowes great are 
lessened with meate. 

By this he discovered on the one side of the Pit a great 
hole, whereat a man might passe thorow, crooking and 
stooping a little. Sancho drew to it, and squatting down, 
entred in, and saw that within it, was large and spacious, 
and he might well discerne it: for by a place that you might 
call the roofe, the Sun-beame entered m, that discovered it 
aU : he saw likewise that it was enlarged by another spacious 

186 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

concavitie : which when he saw, he turned backe againe to CHAPTER 
his Asse, and with a stone began to pull downe the earth of ^^ 
the Hole, and in a little while made way for his Asse to goe Of matters 
out, which he did, and Sancho leading him by the Halter, ^^J^^j^tli 
went forward along the Cave, to see if hee could finde any ^^^,^ ^^ ® 
egresse on the other side ; sometimes he went darke-long others the 
and without light : but never without feare. Lord Grod, said best in the 
he, this, that to me is a misfortune, were to my Master Don ^OJ^W* 
Quixote a famous Adventure: he would think these pro- 
fundities and Dungeons, were flowry Grardens, and Galiana^s 
Palaces, and hee would hope to get out of this straightnesse 
and darknesse into some flowry field : but I unfortunate, ill- 
advised, and faint-hearted, thinke that every moment I shall 
fall into a deeper profunditie then this former, that will 
swallow mee downe-right : Tis a good ill that comes alone. 
In this manner, and in this imagination he thought he had 
gone somwhat more then halte a League; and at last 
he discovered a kinde of Twy-light, as if it had been day, 
and came in at some open place, which seemed to open an 
entrance to another world. 

Heere Cid Hamete Benengeli leaves him, and tumcs againe 
to treat of Don Quixote, who, jocund and contented, ex- 
pected the prefixed time, for the Combate hee was to pcr- 
lorme with the dishonourer of Donna Rodriguez Daughter, 
and thought to rectifie the wrong and uncouth tume shee 
had done her. 

It fell out then, that going out one morning to exercise 
and practise against the traunce in which ere long hee was 
to see himselfe ; fetching up Rosinante with a full Carrere, 
hee came close to a Caves mouth ; that had he not reined 
him in hard, it had been impossible but he must have falne 
into it. 

Well, he stopt him, and fell not in : and comming some- 
what neerer, without alighting, lookt into that depth, and 
beholding of it, heard a great noise within, and hearkening 
attentivdy, he might perceive and understand, that he that 
made it, cryed out. Ho, above there, is there any Christian 
that heares me ? or any charitable Gentleman that will take 

4 : S 137 



CHAPTER 
LV 

Of matters 
that befell 
Saucho by the 
way, and 
others the 
best in the 
world. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

pitie of a sinner buried alive ? of an unhappy ungovernM 
Grovemour ? 

Don Quixote thought hee heard Sancho Pansa'^s voice, at 
which he was in suspence and affrighted : but raising his 
voice as high as he could, he said, Who is below there ? 
who is that cryes out? Who should be here? or who 
should cry out, they answered, but the weather-beaten 
Sancho Pansa Governour with a Pox to him, for his ill 
errantrie of the Hand Barataria, Squire sometime to the 
famous Knight, Don Quixote de la Mancha ? 

When Don Quixote heard this, his admiration was doubled, 
and his astonishment increased, as thinking Sancho Pansa 
might be dead, and that his soule was there doing penance : 
and carried with this imagination, he said, I conjure thee 
by all I may, as I am a Catholike Christian, that thou tell 
mee who thou art : and if thou beest a soule in penalty, tell 
mee what thou wilt have mee doc for thee: for since my 
profession is to succour and help the needy of this world, it 
shall alwayes bee so to help and ayde the needie in another 
world, that cannot help themselves. 

Then said they below. Belike, you that speake to me are 
my Master Don Quixote de la Mancha, and by the Organ of 
your voice can be no other. 

Don Quixote I am, quoth he, that both ayde the living 
and dead in their necessities. Therefore tell mee who thou 
art ; for thou amazest me : for if thou be Sancho Pansa my 
Squire, and that being dead, the Divel have not seyzed 
on thee, and by Gods mcrcie thou be in Purgatory, our 
holy Mother the Catholike Romane Church hath sufficient 
suffrages, to deliver thee from the paine thou endurest, and 
I with my wealth will soUicite all that I can : and therefore 
make an end, and tell mee who thou art. 

Gods me, by whose birth so ever you will, Signior Don 
Quixote: I sweare I am your Squire Sancho Pansa, and I 
never dyed in all my life ; but that having left my Govern- 
ment for matters and causes that must be tola more at 
leisure; over-night I fell into this Pit, where I lye and 
Dapple too, who will prove me to be no lyar: for he is 

1S8 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

heere with me : Will you any more ? And it seemed, the CHAPTER 
Asse understood what Sancho said : for at the instant, hee ^^ 

began to bray so lowd, that all the Cave resounded. Of mattera 

A famous witnesse, quoth Don Quixote, I know this Bray, ^* y^^^ %, 
as if I had brought it forth, and I heare thy voice, mv J!^ ^/ 
Sancho : Stay, and He goe to the Dukes Castle that is others the 
heere hard by : and I will get some to help thee out of best in the 
this Pit, into which thy sins have cast thee. world. 

Goe, Sir (quoth Sancho) for Gods love, and retume 
quickly: for I can no longer endure to be buried heere 
idive, and I dye for feare. Don Quixote left him, and went 
to the Castle to let the Dukes know Sancho^s mis-hap : at 
which they marvelled not a little, though they knew well 
enough how hee might fall in for the knowledge they had, 
time out of minde of that Vault: but they could not imagine 
how he had left his Government, they knowing nothing of 
his comming. Finally, they caused Ropes and Cables to be 
sent, and with much cost and labour of people, Sancho and 
Dapple were drawne out of that dismalncsse to the sunnes 
light. A SchoUer saw him, and said. Thus should all bad 
Governors come out of their Governments, as this sinner 
doth out of this profound Abisme, pale dead for hunger, 
and (as I beleeve) without a crosse to olcsse him with. 

Sancho heard him, and said, Tis eight or ten dayes, Good- 
man Murmurer, since I began to goveme the Hand ; in all 
which I never eat bread that kept me from hunger one 
houre ; in al that time Physicians nave persecuted mee, and 
enemies have bruised my bones : neither have I had leisure 
to take bribes, or to recover my due ; which being so, I de- 
served not (in my opinion) to come out in this manner : but 
man purposeth, and God disposeth : and God best knowes 
what eacn man nccdeth : ana let every man fit himselfe to 
the times, and no man say. He drink no more of such a 
drinke: for where we thinke to fare well, there is oft ill 
usage. God Almighty knowes my minde, ^tis enough, and 
I say no more, though I could. Be not angry, Sancno, nor 
vext with what thou hearest, for so thou snalt never be in 
quiet : come with a good conscience, let um say what they 

1S9 



others the 
best in the 
world. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER will ; for to bridle malicious tongues, is as much as to set 

^V gates in the High-way. 

Of matters If a Governour come rich from his Grovemment, they say 

Sm h^lb^th ^^ ^^^^ played the Thiefe : and if poore, that he hath been 
way' Mid^ ^ * weake unable Coxcombe. 

I warrant you (quoth Sancho) this bout, they shall rather 
hold me to be a Cox-combe then a Thiefe. With this dis- 
course they went toward the Castle hemmed in with many 
boyes, and other people; where the Duke and Duchesse 
were in certaine running Galleries, expecting Don Quixote 
and Sancho : who, before he would goe up to see the Duke, 
would first accommodate Dapple in the Stable : for he said 
he had had a marveUous ill night on^t at their lodging ; and 
so straight he went up to see his Lords, before whom upon 
his knees, he said; I, my Lords, because your Greatnesses 
would needs have it so, without any desert of mine, went 
to govern your Hand Barataria ; into which, naked I entred, 
and naked come I out, I neither win nor lose, whether I 
governed well or ill, heerc be witnesses present to say what 
they please : I have resolved Doubts ; sentenced Causes, and 
have oeen ready to be starved ; because Master Doctor Pedro 
Rezio, borne at Tirteafuera, would have it so, that Iland and 
Govemourish Physician ; enemies set upon us by night : and 
having put us in great danger, they of the Iland say that they 
were freed, and got the victory, by the valour of my arme ; 
such health Goa send them, as they tell truth herein. 

In fine, I have summed up all the burdens and the cares 
that this governing brings with it, and finde by my account, 
that my shoulders cannot beare them; neither are they a 
weight for my ribbes, nor Arrowes for my quiver: and there- 
fore, lest I should be cast away in my Grovemment, I have 
cast it away, and since yesterdlay morning I left the Hand 
as I found it, with the same streets, houses, and roofes that 
it had when I came into it. 

I have borrowed nothing of no body, nor hoorded up any 
thing : and though I thought to have made some profitable 
Ordinances, yet I did not, as fearing they would not be kept, 
which is as much as if they had never been made. 
140 



^ 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I left the Hand (as I say) without any bodies accompanyiiu^ CHAPTER 
me, but Dapple : I fell into a Pit, went forward in it, untifi ^^ 

this mominff by the Sunnes light I got out: but not so Of matters 
easily ; for if heaven had not provided mee my Master Don ^** befell 
Quixote, there I had stucke till the end of the world. 2^ i^J^ 

So that my Lords, Duke and Duchesse, here is Sancho otliers the 
Pansa your 6ovemour, that hath onely learnt to know in best in the 
these ten daies that he hath governed, that he cares not for world, 
governing, not an Hand, nay were it the whole world : this 
presupposed, kissing your Honours hands, imitating *boyes *Like our 
play, that cry, Leape thou, and then let me leape : So I ^X?"® ^^ 
leape from the Grovemment, and passe againe to my Master ^ 
Don Quixotes service : for in fine, though with him I eate 
my victuals sometimes in feare, yet I have my belly full ; 
and so that be, all ^s one to me, that it be with Garrets, or 
with Partridge. With this, Sancho ended his tedious dis- 
course : Don Quixote fearing alwayes that he would blunder 
out a thousand fopperies: but seeing him end with so 
few, he thanked Heaven in his heart: and the Duke em- 
braced Sancho, and said, He was sorry in his soule that 
he left the Grovemment so quickly : but that he would 
cause some Office of lesse trouble, and more profit in his 
estate to be given him : the Duchesse likewise embraced 
him, and commanded hee should bee made much 
of, for he seemed to be much wearied, and 
to be worse entreated. 



141 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 



^ 




CHAPTER LVI 

Of the unmerciful! and never seene battel that 

passed betwixt Don Quixote and the Lackey 

Tosilos, in defence of the Matron 

Donna Rodriguez Daughter. 

HE Dukes repented them not of the jest 
that was put upon Sancho in the Govem- 
ment which they gave him ; especially, 
because that very day their Steward came, 
ajid told them very punctually all the 
words and actions, that Sancho both did 
and said in that time : and finally, so 
described the assault of the Iland, and so 
set our Sancho's feare, and his sallie, that they received no 
small delight. 

After tnis, the History tels us, that the day of the pre- 
fixed battaile came, and the Duke having oft mstnicted his 
Lackey Tosilos how he should behave himselfe with Don 
Quixote to overcome him, without killing or wounding him : 
bee gave order that their Pikes should bee taken from their 
Lances, telling Don Quixote, that Christianitie (which he 
preferred) permitted not, that that battel should be with so 
much hazzard and danger of their lives : and that it was 
enough that he granted him free Lists in his Countrey, 
though it were against the Decree of the holv Councell, 
that prohibites such challenges ; yet hee would not put 
that matter so strictly in execution. 

Don Quixote hade his Excellency dispose of that businesse 
as he pleased, and that he would ooey nim in alL 

The fearefull day being come, the Duke commanded that 
there should be a spacious ScaiFold set up in the place where 
the ludges of the Lists might stand ; and the Matron and 
her daughter the Flaintifies. 
142 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

There repaired a world of people, from all the townes, CHAPTER 
and neighbouring Villages, to see the noveltie of that LVI 
battaile, who never saw, nor ever heard tell of the like Of the un- 
in that Countrey ; neither the living, nor those that were mercifull 
dead. The first that entred the field and Lists, was, the ^e^e biStel 
Master of the Ceremonies, who measured out the ground, that passed 
and passed all over it, that there mi^ht be no deceit, nor betwixt Don 
any hidden thing to make them stumble or fall : by and by Quixote and 
the women entred, and sate downe in their seates, with their tvLi^5[ 
mantles over their eyes and brests, with shews of no small ' 

resenting, Don Quixote present in the Lists. 

A while after, the Grand Lackey Tosilos, appear^ on one 
side of the large place, accompanied with many Trumpets, 
and upon a lusty Courser, sinking the very ground under 
him : his Visor was drawn, and he was all arraied in strong 
and shining Armor, his horse was Frizeland, well spred, of 
colour flea-bitten, each fet-locke having nine and twenty 
pound of wooll upon it. The valiant Combatant came, well 
instructed by his Master, how he should demeane himselfe 
with the valorous Don Quixote de la Mancha, advertized 
that he should by no meanes kill him, but that he should 
strive to shunne tne first encounter, to excuse the danger of 
his death which was certaine, if he met him full butte. He 
paced over the place, and comming where the Matron 
was, he stayed a while to behold her that demanded him 
for her husband. The Master of the Lists called Don 
Quixote, that had now presented himselfe in the place, 
and together with Tosilos : he spoke to the women, ask- 
ing them, if they a^eed that Don Quixote de la Mancha 
should undertake tiieir cause. They said, I, and that 
they allowed of all he should in that case performe, for 
firm and availeable. 

By this the Duke and Duchesse were set in a Grallery, 
which looked iust to the Lists, all which was covered with 
aboundance of people, that expected to see the rigorous 
trance never scene. 

The conditions of the Combatant was, That if Dk>n 
Quixote overcame his Contrary, he should marry with 

148 



CHAPTER 
LVI 

Of the un- 
mercifull 
and never 
seene battel 
that passed 
betwixt Don 

Suixote and 
le Lackey 
Tofilos, etc 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Donna Rodriguez daughter; and that if he were over- 
come, his Contendor was freed from his promise given, 
and not tyed to any satis&ction. The Master of the 
Ceremonies divided uie Sunne betweene them, and set 
each of them in their places. The Drums strooke up, and 
the sound of Trumpets filled the ayre, the earth sbooke 
under them, and the hearts of the spectator troope, were 
in suspence, some fearing, others expecting the good or ill 
successe of this matter. 

Finally, Don Quixote recommending himselfe heartily to 
God and his M istresse Dulcinea del Toboso, stood looking 
when the precise signe of the encounter shuld be given : 
but our Lackey was in another mind, he thought upon 
what now I will tell you. It seemes, that as he stood 
looking upon his enemy, she seemed to him to be the fidrest 
woman in the world, and the little blind boy, whom up and 
down the streets foike call Love, would not lose the occasion 
offered, to triumph upon a Lackeyan soule, and to put 
it in the list of his Trophies: and so comming to him, 
faire and softly, without any body perceiving him, he 
clapped a flight two yards long into his left side, and 
strooke his heart thorow and thorow, and he might safely 
doe it ; for love is invisible, and goes in and out where he 
list, no body asking him any account of his actions. Let 
me tell you then, that when the signe of the on-set was 
given, our Lackey was transported, thinking on the beauty 
of her that hee had made mistresse of his liberty, and so 
he tooke no notice of the Trumpets sound, as did Don 
Quixote, who scarce heard it, when he set spurres, and with 
as full speed as Rosinante would permit, went against his 
enemy, and his good Squire Sancho Pansa, seeing him 
depart, cryed out aloud, Grod guide thee, Creame and 
Flower of Knights Errant, Goa give thee the victory, 
seeing thou hast right on thy side : and though Tosilos 
saw Don Quixote come toward him, yet hee moved not 
a whit from his place, but rather aloud called the Master 
of the Lists, who comming to see what he would have, 
Tosilos said, 

144 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sir, doth not this battell consist in my marrying, or not CHAPTER 
marrying with that Gentlewoman ? Yes, it was answered LVI 

him. Well then (quoth the Lackey) I am scrupulous of Oftheun- 
Conscience, which would much bo burthened, if this battell '"^rcifull 
should proceed : And therefore I say, I yeeld my selfe seene battel 
vanquished, and will marry this Gentlewoman presently. that passed 

The Master of the Lists wondred at Tosilos reasons ; and betwixt Don 
as he was one of those that knew of the contriving that Quixote and 
businesse, could not answer him a word. T^Z. 

Don Quixote stopped in the middest of his Careere, seeing ' 

his enemy met not. 

The Duke knew nothing why the Combat should not goe 
forward ; but the Master of the Lists went to tel him what 
Tosilos said, at which he was in suspence, and extreamly 
cholericke. 

Whilest this happened, Tosilos came where Donna Rod- 
riguez was, and cried aloud, Mistresse, lie marry your 
daughter, and therefore will never strive for that with 
suites and contentions, which I may have peaceably, and 
without danger of death. 

The valorous Don Quixote heard this, and sayd ; Seeing 
'tis so, and that I am loosed and free from my promise, let 
them marry on Gods name, and since God hath given her 
him, S. Peter blesse her. 

The Duke now came down into the Place, and comming 
to Tosilos, said ; Is it true. Knight, that you yeeld your 
selfe vanquished, and that instigated by your timorous 
Conscience, you will marry that maid ? I, Sir, quoth 
Tosilos. 

He doth very well, quoth Sancho then, for that thou 
wouldst give the Mouse, give the Cat, and he will free thee 
from trouble. 

Tosilos began now to unlace his Helmet, and desired them 
to help him apace, for his spirits and his breath failed him, 
and he could not endure to see himselfe so long shut up in 
that narrow chamber. They undid it apiuie, and now the 
Lackeyes face was plainely discovered. Which when Donna 
Rodriguez and her daughter saw, they cried out, saying : 

4 : T 146 



CHAPTER 
LVI 

Oftheun- 
merciful! 
and never 
•eene battel 
that poBsed 
betwixt Don 
Quixote and 
Uie lackey 
Ttwiloij etc. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

This is coozenage, this is coozenage : they have put Tosilos 
my Lord the Dukes Lackey in stead of our true husband : 
lusticc from God and the King, for such malice, not to say, 
villany. 

Grieve not your selves, Ladles, quoth Dob Quixote ; for 
this is neyther malice nor villany, and if it be, the Duke is 
not in fault, but wilde Enchanters that persecute me : who 
envying that I should get the glory of this conquest, have 
converted the face of your Husband into this, which you say 
is the Dukes Lackey : take mv counsell, and in spight of the 
malice of my enemies, marry him, for doubtlesse ^tis he that 
you desire to have to husband. 

The Duke that heard this, was ready to bunt all his 
chollcr into laughter, and said ; The things that happen to 
Signior Don Quixote are so extraordinary, that it makes me 
believe this is not my Lackey ; but let us use this slight and 
device, let us defer the marriage onely one fifteene dales, 
and keepe this personage that holds us in doubt, locked up, 
in which perhaps he will retume to his pristine shape ; for 
the rancor that Enchanters beare Signior Don Quixote, will 
not last so long, they gaining so little by these coozenages 
and transformations they use. 

O sir, quoth Sancho, these wicked Elves doe usually change 
one thing into another in my Masters affaires : not long since 
they changed a Knight he conquered, called The Enight of 
the Looking-glasses, into the shape of the Bachelor Samson 
Carrasco, borne in our towne, and our speciall friend, and 
they turned my Mistrease Dulcinea del Toboso into a rusticke 
clowne : and so I imagine this Lackey will live and die so, 
all dales of his life. 

To which (quoth Hodnguez daughter) Let him be who 
hee will that demands mee to wife (I thankc him) 1 had 
rather be lawfull wife to a Lackey, then a Paramour to be I 
mocked by a Gentleman, though besides he tliat abused me j 
is none. 

The upshot of all was, that Tosilos should be kept 
till they saw what became of his transformation. All cri 
Don Quixote's was the victorTt and the most were s 

146 




CHAPTER 
LVI 

Of the un- 
mercifull 
and never 
seene battel 
that piissed 
betwixt Don 
Quixote and 
the Lackey 
TosiloB^ etc. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

This is coozenage, this is coozenage : they have put Tosilos 
my Lord the Dukes Lackey in stead of our true husband : 
lusticc from God and the King, for such malice, not to say, 
villany. 

Grieve not your selves, Ladies, quoth Don Quixote ; for 
this is neyther malice nor villany, and if it be, the Duke is 
not in fault, but wilde Enchanters that persecute me : who 
envying that I should get the glory of this conquest, have 
converted the face of your Husband into this, which you say 
is the Dukes Lackey : take my counsell, and in spight of the 
malice of my enemies, marry him, for doubtlesse ^tis he that 
you desire to have to husband. 

The Duke that heard this, was ready to burst all his 
choUer into laughter, and said ; The things that happen to 
Si^or Don Quixote are so extraordinary, that it makes me 
believe this is not my Lackey : but let us use this slight and 
device, let us defer the marriage onely one fifteene dales, 
and keepe this personage that holds us in doubt, locked up, 
in which perhaps he will returne to his pristine shape ; for 
the rancor that Enchanters beare Signior Don Quixote, will 
not last so long, they gaining so little by these coozenagcs 
and transformations they use. 

O sir, quoth Sancho, these wicked Elves doe usually change 
one thing into another in my Masters affaires : not long since 
they changed a Knight he conquered, called The Knight of 
the Looking-glasses, into the shape of the Bachelor Samson 
Carrasco, borne in our towne, and our speciall friend, and 
they turned my Mistressc Dulcinea del Toboso into a rusticke 
clowne : and so I imagine this Lackey will live and die so, 
all dales of his life. 

To which (quoth Rodriguez daughter) I^t him be who 
hee wiU that demands mee to wife (I tiianke him) I had 
rather be lawfuU wife to a Lackey, then a Paramour to be 
mocked by a Gentleman, though besides he that abused me 
is none. 

The upshot of all was, that Tosilos should be kept up, 
till they saw what became of his transformation. All cried, 
Don Quixote^s was the victory, and the most were sad and 

146 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

melancholy, to aee that the expected Combatants had not CHAPTER 
beaten one another to pieces ; as boyes are sad, when the ^^' 
party they looke for, comes not out to be banged, when Oftheun- 
eytbcr the contrary, or the lustice pardons him. "" d^*^' ^r 

The people departed, and the Duke and the Ducbessc ggg^g bnttel, 

retumed, and Don Quixote with them to the Castle, Tosilos etc. 

was shut up, Donna Rodriguez and her daughter were 

most happy, to see that one way or other, that 

businesse should end in marriage, and 

Tosilos hoped no lesse. 



CHAPTER LVU 

How Don Quixote tooke his leave of the Duke, 

and what befell him with the witty wanton 

Altisidora, the Duchesses Damozell. 

^0\V it seemed good to Don Quixote, to 
leave the idle life bee had in the Castle, 
thinking it a great wrong to his person, 
to be shut up, and lazy amongst so many 
delights and dainties as were offered to 
liim as a Knight Errant by those Nobles, 
and be thought bee was to give a strict 
account to Heaven for that icllcnesse and 
retirement, and so asked licence one day of the Dukes to 
depart : which they gave him, but seemed to l)e very sorrow- 
full that bee would leave them. The Duchcsse gave Sancho 
Pansa his wives Letters, who wept in them, and said. Who 
would have thought that such great hopes as tlie newes 
of my Government, engendred in my Wife Teresa Pansa's 
brest, should stop in this, that I must return to my Master 
Don Quixote's dragged Adventures F For al that, I am glad 
to see that my Teresa was like her sclfc, by sending the 
Acorns to the Duchcsse, which if she had not seat, I being 

U7 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER sorry she had shewed her selfe ungratefiill : my comfort is, 
^VII that this kinde of Present could not be called a bribe ; for I 
How Don had my Government before she sent it, and tis very fit that 
Quixote tooke |.j^gy ^]|q receive a benefit, though it be but in trijnes, shew 
the Duke and themselves thankefull. In efifect, naked I came into the 
what befell Government, and naked I goe out of it, and therefore I may 
him with the say (which is no small matter) with a safe Conscience, 
Aif^' J*'^*^^ Naked was I bom, naked I am, I neyther win nor lose, 
the Duchmes '^^ Sancho discoursed with himselfe at the time when he 
Damozell. ^^ to depart, and Don Quixote going out, (having taken 

his leave the night before of the Dukes) one morning he 
presented himselfe all armed in the Castle Court, all the 
people of the house beheld him from the Galleries, and the 
Dukes too went out to see him. Sancho was upon his 
Dapple, with his Wallets, his Cloakbagge, and his Sumpter- 

Erovision most frollike; for the Dukes Steward, he that 
ad beene Trifaldis, gave him a purse with two hundred 
crownes in gold, to supply his wants by the way, and yet 
Don Quixote knew nothing of this. 

Whilcst all were thus beholding him, unlookt for, amongst 
other Matrons and Damozells of the Duchesses, the witty 
and wanton Altisidora beheld him, and with a wofull voyce 
said; 

Hearken^ O thou wicked Knight^ 

Hold a little backe thy reiues ; 

Doe not so bestirre the flanke^ 

Of thy most ungovem'd beast. 

False^ behold^ thou fliest not 

From a Serpent that is fierce^ 

No ; but from a little Lambe, 

LAcks not much of being a Sheepe. 

Horrid Monster^ th' hast abused 

The most beauteous Damozell^ 

That Diana in hills hath seene^ 

Or Venus in woods beheld. 

Cruel Virenus, ^neas fugitive^ 

Barrabas take thee^ never maist thou thrive. 

Thou earnest (Oh ill canying) 
In thy wicked clutching pawes^ 
Th' eutrailes of an humble one^ 
148 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Tender and enamoured. 

Three night-caps hast thou borne hence, 

And a paire of farters too^ 

That due equal! Marble pure^ 

For their smoothnesse, white and blacke. 

Two thousand sighes thou bearest away^ 

Which^ were they but fire, they might 

Set on fire two thousand Troyes, 

(If two thousand Troyes there were.) 

Cruell Virenus^ .£neas fugitive^ 

Barabbas take thee^ never maist thou thrive. 

Of thy Squire that Saucho he. 

May his entrailes be so tough^ 

And so hard that Dulcine- 

a may not dis-enchanted be. 

For the fault that thou hast made^ 

Let poore she the burden beare^ 

For the just, for wrongers doe 

Sometimes in my Countrey pay. 

Let thy best Adventures aJl^ 

Into mis-adventures tume : 

All thy pleasure to a dreame^ 

Firmenesse to forgetfulnesse. 

Cruell Virenus^ iEneas fugitive, 

Barabbas take thee, never maist thou thrive. 

Maist thou false accounted be^ 

From Sevil to Marchena, 

From Granada unto Loia, 

From ^London to England. 

Whenso'ere thou plai st at Trumpe, 

At Primera, or at Saint, 

Never mai'st thou see a King^ 

Aces^ sevens fly from thee. 

If thou chance to cut thv Comes^ 

Maist thou wound till bloud doe come : 

Also let the stumps remaine^ 

If thou plucke out hollow teeth. 

Cruell Virenus^ ^neas fugitive^ 

Barablws take thee, never mai'st thou thrive. 

\Vhirst the ffrieved Altisidora thus lamented, Don Quixote 
beheld her, and without answering a word, turning to Sancho, 
he said; By thy fore-fathers lives, I conjure thee, my Sancho, 
that thou tell mc one truth: tell me happily, hast thou 

149 



CHAPTER 
LVII 

How Don 
Quixote tooke 
his leave of 
the Duke^ and 
what befell 
him with the 
witty wanton 
Altisidora^ 
the DucheaseB 
Damosell, 



"•Though 
these Venes 
were made on 
purpose, to be 
absurd; yet 
sure the 
authoritie 
heere fell into 
the common 
absurdities 
that I have 
knowne many 
of his 

Countreymen 
doe^ which is 
that England 
is in London, 
and not Vice 
Vena. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER the three Night-caps, and the Garten that this enamoured 
LVH Damozell speakes of? To which, quoth Sancho, the three 
How Don Caps I have : but for your Grarters, as sure as the Sea 
Quixote tooke bumes. 

the Duke ^and ^^^ Duchesse wondred at Altisidora^s loosenesse: for 

what hefell though shee held her to bee bold, witty, and wanton ; yet 

him with the shee never thought she would have proceeded so farre : 

witty wanton and knowing nothing of this jest, her admiration was the 

Altisidora^ *»».oof«f 

the Duchesses &*^*^*^*^' 

DamozelL ^^^ Duke meant to second the sport, and therfore said, 

I doe not like it well. Sir Knight ; that having received this 

good entertainment that hath been made you in my Castle, 

you should presume to carry away three Night-caps at least ; 

if it were but only my Damozels Garters, ^s a signe of 

a false heart, not suteable to your Honour, and therefore 

restore her Garters : if not, I challenge you to a mortall 

combate, and He not feare that your Elvish Enchanters will 

trucke or change my face as they have done my Lackey 

Tosilos, that was to have fought with you. 

God forbid (quoth Don Quixote) that I should unsheath 
my sword against your most Illustrious Person, from whom 
I have received so many favours. The Night-caps I will 
restore: for Sancho saves he hath them; the Garters ^tis 
impossible, for neither he nor I received them : and if this 
your Damozell will lookc into her corners, I warrant her she 
finds them. I, my Lord, was never Thiefe, nor never thinke 
I shall as long as I live, if God forsake me not. This 
Damozell speakes (as shee pleaseth) as being enamoured on 
what I am not faulty of: and therefore I have no reason to 
aske forgivenesse, neither of her, nor your Excellency, whom 
I beseech to have a better opinion of me : and againe, I 
desire your Licence to bee upon my way. 

Grod send you, Signior Don Quixote, quoth the Duchesse, 
so good a journey, that wee may alwayes heare happy newes 
of your brave exploits, and so God be with you : for the 
longer you stay, the more you increase the names in the 
Damozels hearts that behold you : and for mine. He punish 
her so, that hence-forward she shall neither mis-behave her 

150 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

aelfe in looke or action. Heare mc tlien but a word, oh 
valorous Don Quixote, (quoth Altisidora) which is, that I 
cry thee mercy for the theft of my garters ; for in my Boule 
and conscience I have them on, and I have falne into the 
same carclesnesse of his, that looked for his Asse when he 
rode upon him. 

Did not I tell you, quoth Sancho, I am a tit Youth to 
conceale thefts ? for haJ I bccnc so, I had in two houts fit 
occasions in my Government. 

Don Quixote inclined his head, and made an obeysancc 

to the Dukes and by-standcrs, and turning Hosinantes 

reines, Sancho following him on Dapple, he went 

out of the Castle, taking his way 

towards Saragosa. 



CHAPTER 

LVII 
How Don 
Quixote tooke 
litti Itave of 
the Duke, and 
what befell 
him with the 
witty wanton 
Altisidora, 
the Ducheaaea 
DamoMlL 



CHAPTER LVIII 

Of Adventures that came so thicke and three- 
fold on Don Quixote, that they gave no 
respit one to the other. 

HEN Don Quixote saw liimselfc in open 
tield, free and un-cunibred from Altisi- 
dora s wooing, hee thouglit hiniselfe in his 
Center, and that his spirits were rcnucd, 
to prosecute his new project of Chivalrie ; 
and turning to Sancho, said ; 

Liberty, Sanclio, is one of the predous- 
est gifts that heaven hath given men, the 
treasure that the earth encloseth, and the Sea hides, cannot 
be equalized to it. Life ought to be hazarded, as well for 
liberty, a^ for a mans honor ; and by the contrary. Captivity 
is the greatest evil that can befall men. This I tell thee, 
Sancho, because thou hast well observed the chcere and 
plenty wee have had in the Castle we left:. Well, in the 

161 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER middest of those savoury banquets, and those drinkes cooled 

LVin with snow, me thought I was straitned with hunger ; for I 

Of Adven- enjoyed nothing with the liberty I should have done, had 

tures that it beene mine owne ; for the obligations of recompencing 

and thr^^ benefits and favours received, are tyes that curbe a free 

fold on Don niinde. Happy that man, to whom heaven hath given a 

Quixote, that piece of breiEui, without obligation to thank any else, but 

^ey grave no heaven alone. 

S^otW ^ ^^^ ^ *^^ (quoth Sancho) tis not fit for us to be un- 

thankfuU for two hundred Crowns that we have received in 
gold, which the Dukes Steward gave me in a purse, which I 
carry as a comforting Cordiall next my heart for what may 
fall out; for wee shall not alwaies finde Castles where we 
shall be much made on; sometimes wee shall meete with 
Inns, where wee shall bee cudgelled. 

In these and such like discourses went the Errants on. 
Knight and Squire, when they saw (having ^one about halfe 
a league) upon the grasse of a greene medow, some dozen 
men, with their cloakes spred at dinner, clad like husband- 
men; somwhat neere them, they had, as it were, white 
sheetes, with which they covered something underneath: 
they were set up-right, and stretcht at length, and put a 
pretty distance one from another. 

Don Quixote came to those that were eating, and saluting 
them first courteously, he asked them what was under that 
linnen ? One of them answered him. Sir, under this linnen 
there be certaine Images of Embossed worke in wood, which 
must serve in a shew we make in our village : we carry them 
covered, that they may not be sullied, and on our shoulders, 
that they be not broken. If you please (quoth Don Quixote) 
I should be glad to see them ; for Images carried so charily, 
doubtlesse are good ones. Good (quoi£ one) if they be not, 
let their price speake, for there is none of them but cost fifty 
Ducats ; and that you may see tis true, pray stay, and you 
shall see it with your eyes : and rising, hee left his dinner, 
and went to uncover the first Image, which shewed to be 
Saint Greorge on horsebacke, with a winding Serpent at his 
feet, and his Lance runne thorow the throat of it, with the 
162 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fiercenesse he useth to be painted with : all the Images CHAPTER 
seemed to be of pure gold. And Don Quixote seeing it, LVIII 
said, This Knight was one of the best Errants that the Of Adven- 
divine Warre-fiire had, his name was Saint Greorge, and ^""^ ^"* , 
he was a wonderfuU defender of Damozcls. Let 's see this and thre^'^ ^ 
next. The man discovered it, and it seemed to be Saint fold on Don 
Martin on Horse- backe, that divided his doake with the Quixote, l^t 
poore man, and Don Quixote no sooner saw it, but he said, they gave no 
This Knight also was one of our Christian Adventurers, and ^^Z^^ 
I believe he was more liberall then valiant, as thou maist 
see, Sancho, by his dividing his cloake, and giving the 

Coore man halfe, and doubtlesse it was then Winter; for 
ad it beene Summer, he would have given him all, hee was 
so charitable. 

Not so, quoth Sancho, but he stucke to the Proverb, To 
give and to have, doth a braine crave. 

Don Quixote laughed, and desired them to take away 
another piece of linnen, under which was the Image of 
the Patrone of Spaine on Horse- backe, his sword bloudied, 
trampling on Moores, and treading on heads: and Don 
Quixote seeing it, said, I marry. Sir, heere'^s a Knight 
indeed, one of Christs Squadrons, this is called Don Saint 
Diego, Moore -killer, one of the valiantest Saints and 
Knights in the world, then, or in heaven now. Then they 
discovered another piece, which shewed Saint Paul his 
falling from his horse, with al the circumstances usually 

f tainted in the Table of his Conversion : when he saw him so 
ively, as if you would say, Christ were then speaking to 
him, and Paul answering, he said. This was the greatest 
enemy that the Church of God had in a long time, and the 
greatest Defender that ever it shall have, a Knight Errant 
in his life-time, and a quiet Saint in his death, a restlesse 
labourer in the Vineyard of the I^rd, a I>>ctor of Nations, 
whose schoole was Heaven, and Christ himselfe his Reader 
and Instructer. Now there were no more Images: and so 
Don Quixote commanded them to cover them again, and 
said to those that carried them, I hold it for a propitious 
signe, Brethren, to have scene what I have scene : for those 
4:U 163 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Saints and Knights were of my profession, which is, to 
LVHI exercise Armes; onely the difference betweene them and 
Of Adven- me is, that they were Saints, and fought Divinely; I am 
tures that g^ sinner, and fight humanely. They conquerM heaven by 
a^ ttw-ee^^ ^ force of their Armes (for heaven suffers force) and hitherto 
fold on Don I know not what I conouer by the force of my sufferings : 
Quixote^ that but if my Dulcinea del Toboso be once free from hers, 
they gave no my Fortune bettering it selfe, and my judgement repaired, 
S^other^ perhaps I might take a better course then I doe. 

God grant, and Sinne be dcafc, quoth Sancho, strait. 
The men wondred as well at Don Quixotes shape, as his 
discourse, and understood not one halfe, what it meant. 
They ended their dinner, and got up their Images, and 
taking leave of Don Quixote, they went on their way. 
Sancho admired afresh, as if he had never knowne his 
Master, at his knowledge, thinking there was no History in 
the world, or Accident, that he had not ciphered upon his 
nayle, and nailed in his memory, and said, Truely (Master 
mine) if this that hath befalne us to day may be called an 
Adventure, it hath beene one of the most delicious sweetest, 
that in all our peregrination hath befalne us; for wee are 
come out of it, without blowes or affrightment, or laying 
hands to our swords, or without beating the earth with our 
bodies, or being hungry : God be thanked that he hath let 
me sec this with these eyes of mine. 

Thou say est well, Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) but thou 
must know, the times are not alwaies alike, nor run on in 
one fashion, and that which the vulgar commonly calls 
Bodings, which arc not grounded upon any naturall reason, 
ought to bee held, and reputed, and judged by a wise man 
for good lucke. One of your Wizards riseth m a morning, 
goes out of his house, mcetcs with a Frier of the blessed 
Order of S. Francis, and as if he had met with a Griffin, 
turnes his backe, and runs home againe. Tother Mendoza, 
hee spils the salt on the Table, and strait hath a melan- 
choly sprinkled all over his heart, as if Nature were bound to 
shew signes of ensuing mis -chances, with things of so small 
moment as the aforesaid : The discreet Christians ought not 
154 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

to stand upon ])oints, or to looke into the doin^ of heaven. CHAPTER 
Scipio comes into Africa, and leaping on shore, ne stumbles; LVIII 
his Souldiers hold it for an ill signe : but he embracing the Of Adven- 
ground, said, Thou canst not nye from me, Africa, for I ^"""^ ***^. 
have fast hold on thee in mine Armes. So that Sancho, the ^^ three- 
meeting with these Images hath beenc a most happy sue- fold qu Don 
cesse to me. Quixote^ tiiat 

I believe you (quoth Sancho) and pray tell me the cause they gave no 
why we Spaniards cry. Saint laques, and shut Spaine ? is r?^*^°* ^ 
Spaine open troe, so that it needed be shut ? or wnat cere- 
mony is this ? 

Thou art most simple, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, and 
looke ; This Grand Knight with the red Crosse, God hath 
given him to Spaine for a Patron and Protector, especially 
in the hard conflicts that the Moores and we had together ; 
and therefore they invoke and call on him as their Protector 
in all their battels they give, and many times they have visibly 
scene him in them, overthrowing, trampling, destroying and 
killing Agaren Squadrons. Many examples could I produce 
to confirme this, out of the true Spanish Histories. 

Sancho changed his discourse, and said to his Master, Sir, 
I do wonder at the loosenessc of Altisidora, the Duchesses 
Damozell ; that same fellow called Love, hath bravely 
wounded and runne her thorow; they say he is a little 
blinde boy, that though he be bleare-eyed, or to say truer, 
blinde ; takes the least heart for his mark, and hits it, and 
pierceth it with his Flight from one side to the other. I 
have also heard say, that in the modesty and warinesse of 
Damozels, his amorous arrows are headlesse and dull : but in 
this Altisidora, it seemes they are rather whetted, then dull. 
Looke you, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, Love hath no 
respect or limit in his dealing, and hath the same condition 
with Death, that as well sets upon the high Palaces of 
Kings, as the low Cottages of Shepheards, and when hee 
takes entire possession of a soule, the first thin^ he does, is 
to banish shame, without which, Altisidora ofeclared her 
desires, that rather engendred in my brest confusion then 

pitty. 

155 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Notabk cruelty, (quoth Sancbo) unbeard-of thankeles- 

LVIH nesse ! I know for my part, that the least amorous reason 

Of Advtfn- of hers, would have humbled and made me her vassal ; ah 

iuriM that whoore-son, what a heart of marble, entrailes of brasse, and 

wid X^^ Houle of rough-cast had you ? but I cannot imagine what 

fuld (HI Don- ^^^^ Damozell saw in you, that should so vanquish her ? what 

Sluixota, thst Gallantry ? what courage? what conceit ? what countenance? 

leyicavttno which of these alone, or all together enamoured her? for 

tha^uther* ^ ^^^^^^ ^^^^^^ ^ behold you many times from head to foot, 

and I see more in you to afiright, then to enamour : and 
having also heard say, that beauty is the first and principall 
part tiiat doth enamour, you having none, I know not on 
what the poore soul was enamoured. 

Marko, Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) there be two kindes 
of iH'autVv one of the minde, the other of the body ; that of 
the minue doth march, and is scene in the understanding, in 
honesty, in gocxl priKceding, in liberality, in being well- 
brtnlde : and all those qualities are untamed, and may be in 
an ill-favouriHl man ; and when the choyce is set upon this 
U'aut Y« and not u^x^n that of the body, it causeth love with 
moro fon^ and atlvantagc. I see, Sancho, that I am not 
lovelv« and vet I know too I am not deformed, and it is 
enouti^h for an hornet man« if he be not a monster, to be 
IvIovixK <o 1 have the i)ortions of the minde I have told 
thtv of. 

In th^!^^ rtHM^ns and discourses they went, entring in at a 
wvvvi th^t >»«:<( out of the way« and sodainely, before they 
WT'r^' awM\\ lX>n ^lixote fiHind himselfe entangled in nets 
\vf ijfWHH^ thrt>ad« that wt^re set from one tree to another ; 
A\ui \u^t iuM^uii^ what it mi^t be« he said to Sancho, Mee 
thiuitts Satvh\V thi» Ad\^nture of these Nets is one of the 
»ti>4iv<\>!^t tKAt UMV be uuA^mxt ; haiu; nie« if the Enchanters 
(U^t l\'l^i(vutx^ w^ uK^ane ik^ to intangle me in them, and 
t\^ xtvH^ iu\ >feA\^ iu tvxvt^ i\f the rt^Hir I have used toward 
Vlc^xsixMit^ \VelU W^ them ttK^* that these Nets, were they 
v\t S.A)\k^t lV<ukK««iKfak ;*» the> ar>r K>f cr^ivn thred ; or stronger 
itk^i tS^$ (^K^ x^kn^ki >C<s{ ^>f the ^Ettdick^^miths entan^ed 
\ vi»-x askJ \Ut> >*ab^. I %vHiW biK^e it« as if it were bull- 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

rushes or yame : and striving to get forward, suddenly CHAPTER 
two most beautifull Shcpheardesses comming from out the LVllI 
Thicket, appeared before him, two, at least, attired like Of Adven- 
Shepheardesses, onely their loose lackets and Coats were of *"''®^ *^^. , 
fine cloth of gold, I say, their Kirtles were of Tissue ; their aJJ^^ee-*^ ^ 
haircs hung loose over their shoulders, that for golden, fbld on Don 
might compare with the Sunne-beames : tliey were crowned Quixote, iJiat 
with two Garlands woven with greene Bayes, and red-Flower they gave no 
gentle : their ages seemed to be not under fiftecne, nor past ^^^^^^ 
eighteene. 

This was a sight that astonisht Sancho, suspended Don 
Quixote, made the Sunne stop in his Careere to behold them, 
and held all the foure in marvellous silence. In fine, the 
first that spake, was one of the Shepheardesses, that said to 
Don Quixote, Hold, Gentlemen, and Breake not our Nets, 
that are spred there not to your hurt, but for our recreation ; 
and because I know you will aske us why they are so put, 
and who we are, I will tell you briefly. 

In a village some two leagues hence, where there arc many 
Gentlemen of quality, and rich; amongst many acquaint- 
ances and kindred it was agreed, that the wives, sonnes and 
daughters, neighbours, friends, and kinsfolke, should joyne 
to make merry in this place, which is one of the pleasantest 
hcere round about, forming as it were amongst us, a new and 
Pastorall Arcadia, clothing the maides like Shepheardesses, 
and the young men like Shepheards : two Eglogues we have 
studied, one of the famous Poet Garsilasso, and the other of 
that most excellent Poet Camoes in his own Mother Portu- 

5 all Tongue, which hitherto we have not repeated. Yester- 
ay was the first day we came hither, wee have our Tents, 
called Field-Tents, pitched amongst these trees, close by the 
brinke of a goodly running brooke, which fructifies all these 
medowes : l£ust night wee did spread our nets on these trees, 
to catch the poore birds, that being allured with our call, 
should fall into them. If you please. Sir, to be our ghest, 
you shall be entertained liberally and courteously ; for now 
into this place comes neyther sorrow nor melancholy. With 
this she was silent and said no more. 

167 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER To which Don Quixote answered ; Truly, (fairest Lady) 
LVni Actseon was not more astonisht or in suspence, when on the 
Of Adven- sodaine hee saw Diana bathing her selfe in tiie fountaine, 
tures that ^y^^j^ j y^Q^y^ beene in beholding your beauty : I commend 
anTthree-*^ ^ *^® manner of your pastime, and thanke you for your kinde 
fold on Don offers, and if I may serve you, so I may be sure you will be 
Quixote^ that obeyed, you may command me ; for my profession is this, 
dey gave no ^q g^g^ my ^]f thankfull, and a doer of good to all sorts 
Seother^ of people, especially of the ranke that your person shewes 

you to be ; and if those Nets, as they take up but a little 
piece of ground, should take up the whole world, I would 
seeke out new worlds to passe thorow, rather then breake 
them : and that you may give credit to this my exaggera- 
tion, behold, at least he that promiseth you this, is Don 
Quixote de la Mancha, if haply this name hath come to 
your hearing. 

Ah sweet friend (quoth the other Shepheardesse) what 
good lucke is this? See^st thou this Gentleman before 
us? Well, let me tell thee, he is the valiantest, the most 
enamoured, and the most courteous in the world, if the 
History lye not and deceive us, which is in print, of his 
famous exploits which I have read : I hold a wager this 
honest fellow heere with him is, what call ye him ? Sancho 
Pansa his Squire, that hath no fellow for his mirth. 

^s true (quotli Sancho) I am that merry fellow, and that 
Squire you speake of, and this Gentleman is my Master, the 
very selfe same Don Quixote aforesaid and Historified. 

Ah, quoth the other, let us intreat him, friend, to stay 
with us, for our friends and kindred will be infinitely glad 
of it, and I have heard tell as well as thou, of his worth and 
wit ; and above all, they say of him, that he is the firmest 
and loyallest Amourist that is knowne, and that his Mis- 
tresse is one Dulcinea del Toboso, that beares the prize from 
all the beauties in Spaine. 

With just reason she doth, quoth Don Quixote, if so be 
your matchlesse beauties put it not in controversie : Weary 
not your selves. Ladies, in detaining me ; for the precise tyes 
of my profession will let me rest no where. 
168 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

By this there came a brother of one of the Shepheardesses, CHAPTER 
where the foure were as brave and gallant as they: they LVIII 
told him, that he which was with them, was the valorous Of Adven- 
Don Quixote de la M ancha, and the other Sancho his Squire, *"''®^ ^^* , 
of whom he had notice, as having read his History. and three-^*^ * 

The gallant Shepheajrd saluted him, desiring him to come fold on Don 
with him to their Tents. Don Quixote was forced to con- Quixote^ that 
sent, which he did. And now the Nets were drawne, and ^®y ^^® ^^ 
filled with divers little birds, who deceived with the color of ^e^^^w! ^ 
them, fell into the danger they shun''d : there met in that 
place above thirty persons, all gallantly clad like Shepheards 
and Shepheardesses ; and instantly they were made to know 
who Don Quixote was, and his Squire ; at which they were 
not a little contented ; for they had notice of him by 
his history : they came to the Tents, and found the Tables 
covered, rich^ aboundant, and neate : they honoured Don 
Quixote with the chiefc seate ; all of them beheld him, and 
admir'd to see him. 

Finally, the cloth beeing taken away, Don Quixote very 
gravely lifted up his voice, and said. Amongst the greatest 
sins there are committed (though some say Pride) yet I say, 
ingratitude is one, holding my selfe to the usuall saying. 
That Hell is full of the ungrateful!. This sinne, as much 
as possible I could, I have sought to avoid ever since I had 
reason : and if I cannot repay one good tumc with another, 
in stead of that, my desires are not wanting, and when they 
suffice not, I publish them : for hee that acknowledgeth and 
piiblishcth good turnes received, would also recompence them 
with others, if he could : for, for the most part, they that 
receive, are inferiour to those that give, and so God is above 
all ; because hee is giver above all, and the gifts of men 
cannot be equall to Gods for the infinite difference betwixt 
them : and this straightnesse and barenes doth in some 
measure supply a thankefulnesse ; I therefore beeing thanke- 
fuU for the kindnesse I have heere received, and not able to 
correspond in the same proportion, containing my selfe in 
the narrow limits of my ability, offer what I may, and what 
I have from my Harvest: and therefore I say, that I will 

159 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER for two long dayes maintaine in midst of the Kings 
LVni high-way toward Saragosa, that these Ladyes, oounterfet 
Of Adven- Shepherdesses heere present, are the CBurest and most 
tares that courteous Damozels in the world, excepting ondy the peere- 
Mid tl^ee^^ ® lesse Duldnea del Toboso sole Mistris of my thoughts, 
fold on Don ^th peace be it spoken to as many both hees and shees 
Quixote, that as heare me. 

they gave no Which when Sancho heait!; that had attentively listned, 
SeothCT^ *® crying out, he said. Is it possible there can bee any body in 

the world, that dares say or sweare that this Master of mine 
is mad ? Pray speake : You Gentleman Shepheards, is there 
any Countrey Vicar, be he never so wise, or never so good a 
SchoUer, that can say what my Master hath said ? or is there 
any Knight Errant, let him be never so much tam^d for his 
valour, that can offer what my Master hath heere offered ? 

Don Quixote turned to Sancho, and all enflamed and 
cholericke, said, Is it possible, O Sancho, that there is any 
body in the world that will say, Thou art not a Coxcombe, 
lined with the same, and hemmed with I know not what 
malice or knavery ? Who bids thee meddle with my matters, 
in sifting out, whether I be wise or a jolt-head ? Peace and 
not a word, but saddle Rosinante, if he be unsaddled, and 
let^s put my offer in execution : for with the justice that I 
have on my side, thou maist presume, as many as I meet 
withall, are vanquished : and so with great fiiry, and in a 
terrible huffe hee rose from his Chayre, leaving all the by- 
standers in admiration, and in doubt whether they should 
hold him madde, or wise. Finally, they perswaoed him, 
he should not thrust himselfe into such an engagement : for 
they acknowledged his thankfull goodwill, and that there 
needed no new oemonstrations to know his valourous minde : 
for his exploits mentioned in his History were sufficient. 

For all that, Don Quixote proceeded in his purpose, and 
mounted on Rosinante, buckling his shield to him, and taking 
his Launce, he got to the high-way, not farre from the 
greene Mcddow. Sancho followed him upon Dapple, with 
all the Pastorall flocke, desirous to see what might be the 
issue of that arrogant, and never seene offer. 
160 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Don Quixote being (as I have said) upon the way, he CHAPTER 
wounded the ayre with these words : Oh you Passengers, LVIII 
and way-faring Knights, Squires on foot, or on horseback. Of Adven- 
that either now passe this way, or are to passe in these two *"^* *^** 
ensuing dayes, know, that Don Quixote de la M ancha, Knight and ^hree^^ ^ 
Errant, is here ready to maintaine, that setting the beauty fold on Don 
of the Mistris of my soulc aside, Dulcinea del Toboso, the Quixote^ that 
Nymphs that inhabit these Meddowes and Groves, are the ^^^V, P^^'® "® 
fairest that may be : and he that is of a contrarie opinion, 5?^*^!?^^ ^ 
let nim come ; for heere I expect mm. 

Twice he repeated these selfc-same words, and twice they 
were not heard by any Adventurer : but his good lucke that 
directed his affaires oetter and better, so ordained, that a 
pretty while after, they might see a troope of horse-men 
upon the way, and many of them with Lances in their 
hands, all of them going in a heape together, and apace : 
they that were with Don Quixote, as soonc as ever they 
saw them, tum'd their backs, and got farre enough out of 
the way : for they knew if they stayed, they might be in 
some danger, onely Don Quixote with an undaunted heart 
stood still ; and Sancho Pansa warded himselfe with Rosin- 
ante's buttocks. 

The troope of the Lances came on, and one that was for- 
most cryed out alowd to Don Quixote, saying, Out of the 
way, madman : for these Buls will beate thee to pieces. 

Goe to, ye skoundrels, quoth Don Quixote, your Buls shall 
not prevaile with me, though they were the fiercest that 
Xarama hath feeding on his Bankes : Confesse, ye Elves, all 
in one, that what I have proclaimed hecre, is a truth, or else 
come and coml)ate with me. 

The Hcards-man had no leisure to answere, nor Don 
Quixote to ffet out of the way, though he would : and so the 
troope of Wilde Buls, together with the tame Kine, and the 
multitude of Hoards-men, and others, that carried them to 
bee kept up in a towne, where they were the next day to 
bee baited, trampled over Don Quixote, Sancho, Rosinante 
and Dapple, tumoling them all downe upon the ground. 

Sancho was bruised, Don Quixote astonisht,,Dapple banged, 

4 : X 161 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and Rosinuite not very C&tholikc : but in fine all of them 

LVIIl gate up, and Don Quixote in all haste, sometimeB Btumbline, 

Of Adven- otherwhiles falling, began to runne after the whole Herd, 

crying alowd, Hold, Stay, ye Elvish cruc ; for one onely 

mA threJ" ^ Knight expects you, who is not of that niinde or opinion 

fuld OD Don of those that say, To a flying enemy a silver bridge. But 

Quixote, th&t the hasty runners stayed never a whit the more for this ; 

tJiBv m.vB nn jjqj. njfujg (jjjy reclconmg of his threats more then of last 

yeeres clouds. 

Don Quixote being weary stayed him. So, fuller of 

anger then revenge, ne sate in the way, expecting when 

Suicha, Rosinante, and Dapple should arrive. At length 

they came, and Master and man gat up ; and without 

leave taking of the faincd or counterfet Arcadia, 

with more shame then delight, they went 

onward their way. 



tureH that 



they gave n 
the other. 



CHAPTER LIX 

Of an extraordinarie accident that befell Don 

Quixote ; which may be held for 

an Adventure. 

HE dust and wearincssc that Don Quixote 
and Sancho received from the unmannerly 
Buls, was recorapencod with a cleere and 
running Fountame, which they found in 
a coole Grove, on whose Margen leaving 
Itosinante and Dapple loose without a 
bridle or Halter, tlie two way beaten, 
Master and Man sate downc. Sancho 
repaired to the Cup-boord of his Wallets, and tooke out 
of them that which he called his sawce, and rensed his 
mouth : Don Quixote washt his face, with which refreshing 
his faint spirits, recovered breath. 
168 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Don Quixote ate nothing for pure griefe, neither durst CHAPTER 
Sancho touch any meate before him for pure mannerlinesse, LIX 
and expected his Master should first bee his Taster: but Of an extra- 
seeing nim carried on with his imaginations, not remem- ordmarie 
bring to put a bit in his mouth, he never asked him : ^efelf Don * 
and over-running all kinde of manners, hee began to barrell Quixote ; 
up all tlie Bread and Cheese that was before him in his which may be 
stomacke. l^eld for an 

Bate, friend Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, hold Ufe to- Adveuturo. 
gether ; for thou hast more need then I, and leave mee to 
dye by the hands of my sorrowes, and the force of my 
mis-fortunes. I was borne, Sancho, to live dying, and thou, 
to dye eating : and that thou maist see I tell thee true ; 
consider me printed in Histories, famous in Armes, well 
nurtured in mine Actions, respected by Princes, courted by 
Damozels : now at the end of all, when I hoped for Bayes, 
Triumphs and Crownes layd up and merited by my famous 
exploits : this morning I have seene my sclfc trampled on 
and kicked, and bruised with the feet of base uncleane 
Beasts : the consideration of this duls my teeth, makes slow 
my grinders, and benummcs my hands, and altogether be- 
reaves me of my appetite ; so that I thinke I shall dye with 
hunger, the cruellest of all deaths. 

So that, quoth Sancho (not leaving his fast chewing) you 
will not allow of that Proverbe that saves. Let Martha aye, 
so shee dye not empty : at least, I will not be cause of my 
death. I meane rather to doe as the Shoomaker doth, that 
stretcheth the Leather with his teeth, till he makes it reach 
as he list ; Ue draw out. my life by eating, till it come to 
the end that Heaven hath allotted it : and know. Sir, there 
is no greater madnesse in the world, then to despaire as you 
doe : and beleeve me, and after you have eaten, rest your 
selfe a little upon the Downe-beds of this greene grasse, and 
you shall see, that when you wake, you shall finde your 
selfe somewhat lightned. 

Don Quixote tooke his counsell, taking his reasons to be 
rather Philosophically then senselesse, ana said, If thou, O 
Sancho, wouldest doe, what I shall now tell thee for me, my 

168 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER lightsomcnesse would be certaine, and my sorrowes not so 
LIX great ; which is, that whiPst I (obeying thy counsell) sleepe, 
Of au extra- thou goc out of the way a little, and with Rosinantes reines, 
ordiuarie turning thy flesli to the ayre, give thy selfe three or foure 

W^tfn^ ^^ hundred lashes upon account of the three thousand, and 
Qubcote^ so many that thou art to give for the dis-enchanting Dul- 
which may be cinea, wliich is no small pitie, that that poore Lady should 
held for au be cnclianted by thy carelesnesse and negligence. 
Adventure. There is mucli to be said in tliis businesse (quoth Sanclio) 

let 's both sleepe now, and God will provide afterward : 
Know, Sir, that this whipping in cold bloud, is a cruell 
thing, especially, if it light upon a weake body and worse 
fed; let my Lady Dulcinea nave patience, for when she 
least thinkes of it, shee shall see me a very sieve with lashes, 
and till death all is life, I meane, I live with a desire to 
fulfill my promise. 

Don Quixote giving him thankes, ate something, and 
Sancho a great dealc, leaving the two continuall friends 
and companions, Uosinantc and Dapple to their liberum 
arbitriuniy disorderly feeding upon the pasture that was 
plentifull in that M eddow. 

They awaked somewhat late, and up tliey got againe, and 
went on their way, making haste to come to an Inne, which 
seemed to be about a League off: I say an Inne : for Don 
Quixote called it so, contrary to his ordinary custom of 
calling all Innes Castles. Well, to it they come, they asked 
mine Oast, if there were any lod^ng. Hee answered. Yes, 
with all the commodiousnesse and provision that they might 
have in the Towne of Saragosa. 

They alighted, and Sancho retired with his Sumptry into 
a Chamber of which the Oast gave him tlie Key : the Beasts 
hee carried to the Stable, and gave them their stint, and so 
went to see what Don Quixote (who sate by upon a Bench) 
would command him, giving God particular thankes, that 
that Inne liad not appeared to him a Castle. 

Supper time came on : so to their resting place they got. 
Sancho asked mine Oast what he had for Supper? To 
which quoth he. Your mouth shall have measure, aske what 
164 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

you will ? ♦for from the Birds of the ay re, to the Poultry CIIAITER 
of the earth, and the fishes of the Sea, that Inne was i^IX 
provided. Of an ertra- 

Not so much, quoth Sancho, for so we may have a couple ^rdinarie 
of rosted Chickens, ^twiU be enough : for my Master is J'^Sdou 
weake stomackt, and eates little, and I am no very greedy- Quixote ; 
gut. which may be 

Mine Oast answered him, he had no Chickens, for the '»eld ^^^ an 
Kites had devoured them. Why then let 's have a tender ^^^^dture. 
Pullet rosted, quoth he. A Pullet ? My father as soonc : *A jfood 
trust me, trust mee, I sent above fiftie yesterday to the Character, ot 
Citie to sell : saving Pullets aske what you will. * h^^g ^^- 

Why then, quoth Sancho, you want no Veale, or Kid ? fiorious*"^ 
We have none in the house now, said my Oast, for it is all Spanish Oast 
spent : but by next weeke we shall have to spare. in generall. 

The matter is mended (quoth Sancho.) I hold a wager 
all these wants are supplide with Egges and Bacon. 

Assuredly (quoth mine Oast) here ''s fine doings with my 
ghest; I have told him, we have neither Pullet nor Hens, 
and yet he would have Egges. Run, if you will, to other 
dainties, and leave these gluttonnies. 

Resolve us (Body of me, quoth Sancho) and tell me what 
we shall have, and leave you your running, mine Oast. 
The Oast said. The very truth is, I have two Neats-fect, 
like Calves-feet ; or two Calves-feet, like Neats-feet, they are 
sod with their Pease, Bacon, and Onyons: and just at this 
instant cry. Come eate me. Come eate me. 

For mine I marke them henceforward, quoth Sancho, and 
let no man touch them ; for He pay more for them then any 
body else, and there could have beene no l)etter meat for mee 
in tne world. 

No man shall touch them, said mine Oast: for other 
ghests I have out of pure Gentilitie, bring their Cooke, 
Cater, and Butler with them. K it goe by gentle (quoth 
Sancho) none more gentle then my Master : but his Calling 
permits no Larders or Butteries : we clap us down in the 
midst oT a field, and fil our selves with Acorns and Medlars. 

This discourse passed betweene Sancho and the Oast, with- 

165 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER out Sancho^s answering him, who asked what Calling his 
LIX Masters was of. Supper was ready, Don Quixote went to 
Of an extra- his Chamber, mine Oast brought the pot of meat just as it 
ordinarie ^^s, and sate him faire and well down to supper : it seemed 

befelfl)oii *^*^ ^^ another Chamber next Don Quixotes, divided only 
Quixote ; ^y & ^^^^ Lath- wall, hee might heare one say. By your life, 
which may be Signior Don leronimo, whilst supper is to come in, let us 
hdd for an reade another Chapter in the second part of Don Quixote. 
Adventure. jyon Quixote scarce heard himselfc named, when up he 

stood, and watchfully gave eare to their discourse concern- 
ing him; and he heard that the aforesaid Don leronimo 
answered, Signior Don lohn, why should we reade these 
fopperies ? he that hath read the first part of Don Quixote^ 
it is impossible he should take any pleasure in reading the 
second. 

For all that, quoth Don lohn, ^twere good reading it : for 
there is no booke so ill, that hath not some good thing in it. 
That which most displcaseth me in this is, that he makes 
Don Quixote dis-enamourcd of Dulcinea del Toboso. 

Which when Don Quixote heard, full of wrath and 
despight he lifted up his voice, saying, Whosoever saith 
Don Quixote de la Mancha hath forgotten, or can forget 
Dulcinea del Toboso, I will make him know with equall 
Armcs, that hee is farre from the truth : for the peerelesse 
Dulcinea del Toboso cannot be forgotten ; neither can for- 
getfulnes be contained in Don Quixote, his Scutchion is 
Lpyaltie, his profession sweetly to keepe it, without doing it 
any violence. 

Who is that answeres us ? said they in the next roome. 
Who should it be (quoth Sancho) but Don Quixote himselfe, 
that will make good all he hath said, or as much as he shall 
say ? for a good Fay-master cares not for his pawnes. 

Scarce had Sancno said this, when the two Gentlemen 
came in at the Chamber doore: for they seemed no lessc 
to them : and one of them casting his Armes about Don 
Quixotes neck, scud, neither can your presence belye your 
name, or your name credit your presence. Doubtleitee you. 
Sir, are the right Don Quixote de la Mancha, North-starre, 
166 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and Moming-starre of Enight-errantric, in spight of him CHAPTER 
that hath usurped your name, and annihilated your exploits, ^^ 
as the Author of this Booke, I heere deliver, hath done : and Of an extra- 
eivinff him the booke that his companion had, Don Quixote ordinarie 
tooke it, and without answering a word, began to tume the bSDo?*"* 
leaves, and a while after returned it, saying. In this little Quixote ; 
that I have seene, I have found three things in this ^Author which may he 
worthy of reprehension. held for an 

The first is, some words I have read in his Prologue. Adventure. 

The second, that his language is Arragonian : K>r some- ^^This the 
times he writes without Articles : and the third which doth Author of this 
most confirme his ignorance, is. That he erres and strayes ?^^® ^"^ 
from the truth in the chiefest of the History : for here he Sv^ve 
sayes that Sancho Pansa my Squires wifes name was Mary againgt an 
Gutierrez, which is not so : but she is called Teresa Pansa : Aragonian 
and therfore he that erres in so maine a matter, it may Scholer, that 
well be feared, he will erre in all the rest of the History. 3 of J9^ 

To this Sancho said, Prettily done indeed of the Historian ; Quixote, be- 
he knowes very well sure what belongs to our afiaires, since he fore this was 
cals my wife Teresa Pansa, Mary Gutierrez. Pray take the published, 
book againe, Sir, and see whether I be there, and whether 
hee have changM my name. By your speech, friend, quoth 
Don leronimo, you should be Sancho Pansa Signior Don 
Quixotes Squire. I am (quoth Sancho) and I am proud 
of it. 

Well, in faith (said the Gentleman) this modem Author 
doth not treat of you so neatly, as your Person makes shew 
for: he paints you out for a Glutton, an Ideot, and nothing 
witty, and farre different from the Sancho that is described 
in the first part of your Masters History. 

God forgive him (said Sancho :) he should have left me in 
my comer, and not remembred me ; for. Every man in his 
ability, and Tis good sleeping in a whole skinne. 

The two Gentlemen entreated Don Quixote to goe to 
their chamber, and Sup with them ; for they knew well, that 
in that Inne he found not things fitting to his person. 

Don Quixote, who was ever courteous, condiscended to 
their requests, and supped with them : Sancho remained 

167 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER with his fleshpot sole Lord and Grovcrnour. Sancho sate at 

^X the upper end of the Table, and with him the Inn-keeper, 

Of an extra- that was no lesse aSectioned to his Neates-feete, then 

ordinarie Sancho. 

befeU Don* ^^ ^^^ midst of supper, Don lohn asked Don Quixote, 
Quixote; what newes he had of his Lady Dulcinea del Toboso, 
which may be whether she were married, or brought a bed, or great with 
hdd for an childe, or being entire, whether (respecting her honesty and 
Adventure. g^^j decorum) she were mindefull of Sienior Don Quixote's 

amorous desires ? To which he answered, 

Dulcinea is as entire, and my desires as firme as ever, our 
correspondency in the ancient barrennesse, her beauty trans- 
formed into the complexion of a base milke-wendi : and 
straight he recounted unto them every tittle of her Enchant- 
ment, and what had be&lne him in Montesinos Cave, with 
the order that the sage Merlin had given for her dis- 
enchanting, which was by Sancho's stripes. 

Great was the delight the two Gentiemen received to 
heare Don Quixote tell the strange passages of his History, 
and so they wondred at his fopperies, as also his elegant 
manner of delivering them ; here they held him to be 
wise, there he slipped from them by the foole : so they 
knew not what medium to give him, betwixt wisedome and 
folly. 

Sancho ended his Supper : and leaving the In- keeper, 
passed to the chamber where his Master was, and entrmg, 
said. Hang me. Sirs, if the Author of this booke that your 
Worships have, would that we should eat a good meale 
together; pray God, as he calls mee Glutton, he say not 
that I am a Drunkard too. 

Yes marry doth he, said Don leronimo ; but I know not 
how directly, though I know his reasons doe not hang 
together, and are very erroneous, as I see by Sancho's 
Phisiognomy here present. Believe me (quotii Sanclio) 
Sancho and Don Quixote are differing in this History, from 
what they are in that Cid Hamcte Benengeli composed ; for 
wee are, my Master valiant, discreet, and amorous : I simple 
and conceited ; but neyther Glutton nor Drunkard. 
168 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I believe it (said Don lohn) and were it possible, it should CHAPTER 

be commanded, that none should dare to treat of the Graund 1^^ 

Don Quixote^s affaires, but Cid Hamete, his first Author: as Of an extra- 

Alexander commanded that none but Apelles should dare to oramane 
J 1 . ^ accident that 

draw him. . , , . befeU Don 

Let whoso will draw me (quoth Don Quixote :) but let him Quixote ; 
not abuse me; for oft times patience falls, when injuries which may be 
overload. None, quoth Don lonn, can be done Signior Don ^^ ^^^ "* 
Quixote, that he will not be revenged of, if he ward it not ^®^*'"*« 
with the shield of his patience, which in my opinion is strong 
and great. 

In these and other discourses, they passed a great part of 
the night, and though Don lohn would, that Don Quixote 
should have read more in the booke, to see what it did 
descant on, yet he could not prevaile with him, saying. He 
made account he had read it, and concluded it to be but an 
idle Pamphlet, and that he would not (if it should come to 
the Authors knowledge that he had meddled with it) he 
should make himselfe merry to think he had read it ; for 
our thoughts must not be busied in filthy and obscene 
things, much lesse our eyes. 

They asked him, whither he purposed his voyage ? Hee 
answered, to Saragosa, to be at the lusts in Hamesse, that 
use to be there yeerely. 

Don lohn told him, that there was one thing in that new 
History, which was, that he should be at a Running at the 
Ring in that City, as short of Invention, as poore in Mottos, 
but most poore in Liveries, and rich in nothing but sim- 
plicities. 

For this matter onely, quoth Don Quixote, I will not set 
foot in Saragosa : and therefore the world shall see what a 
lyar this modeme Historiographer is, and people shall per- 
ceive, I am not the Don Quixote he speakes of. 

You shall doe veiy well, quoth Don leronimo ; for there 
bee other lusts in &u:selona, where Signior Don Quixote 
may shew his valour. So I meane to doe (quoth Don 
Quixote) and therefore let me take leave of you (for it is 
time) to goe to bed, and so hold mee in the ranke of your 

4 : Y 169 



Of«n ertra- 
ordinarie 
■cndeutthat 
befell DoD 
Quixote ; 
which maybe 
heldfbrKt 
Adventure. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

greatest friends and Servitors. And me too, quoth Sancho, 
for it may be I shall be good for somewhat 

With this they tookc leave, and Don Quixote and Sancho 
retired to their chamber, leaving Don lohn and Don lerottimo 
in admiration, to sec what a medley he had made with his 
discretion and madnesse ; and they verily believed, that these 
were the right Don Quixote and Sancho, and not they whom 
the Aragonian Author described. 

Don Quixote rose earely, and knocking upon the thinne 

wall of the other chamber, bee tooke leave of those guests : 

Sancho payed the Oast royally, but advised him, hee 

should eyther lesse praise the provision of his 

Inne, or have it better provided. 



CHAPTER LX 

What happened to Don Quixote, going 
to Barselona. 



HE morning was coole, and the day pro- 
niised no lesse, when Don Quixote left 
the Inne, informing himselfe iirst, which 
was the ready way to Barselona, without 



comming to Saragosa : such was the de- 
sire he had to prove the new Historian 
a lyar, who they said, dispraised him so 
much. It fell out so, that in sixe daies 
there fell out nothing worth writing to him ; at the end of 
which, he was he-nighted, going out of his way, in a Thicket 
of Oakes or Corkc trees ; for in this Cid Hamete is not so 
punctuall, as in other matters he useth to be. 

The Master and man alighted from their beasts, and set- 
ting themselves at the trees rootes: Sancho that had had 
his beaver that day, entred roundly the gates of sleepe ; but 
Don Quixote, whom imaginations kept awake much more 
170 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

then hunger, could not ioyn his eyes, but rather was busy- CHAPTER 
ing his thoughts in a thousand several! places : Sometimes ^^ 

hee thought he found himselfe in Montesino's Cave, and that What hap- 
he saw Dulcinea, converted into a Country wench, leape tf "®^®. 
upon her Asse-Colt : Now the sage Merlins words rang m jf^ni? to ^ ' 
his eares, repeating unto him the conditions that were to Barselona. 
be observed for her dis-enchanting : hee was starke madde 
to see Sancho^s lazinesse, and want of Charity ; for, as he 
thought, he had onely given himselfe five stripes, a poore 
and unequall number to those behinde, and he was so 
grievM and enraged with this, that he framed this discourse 
to himselfe : 

If Alexander the Great did cut the Grordian knot, saying ; 
Cutting and undoing is all one, and yet for all tha^ was 
Lord of all Asia ; no otherwise may it happen in the dis- 
enchanting of Dulcinea, if I should whip Sancho, volens 
nolens ; for if the condition of this remedy be, that Sancho 
receive three thousand and so many jerkes, what care I 
whether he give them, or that another doe, since the sub- 
stance is in him that gives them, come they by what meanes 
they will ? 

With this imagination he came to Sancho, having first 
taken Rosinante^s reines, and so fitted them, that he might 
lash him with them, he began to untrusse his points : The 
opinion is, that hee had but one before, which held up his 
Gally-Gascoynes. But he was no sooner approched, when 
Sancho awaked and came to himselfe, and said, Who is 
that? Who is it toucheth and untrusseth mc? Tis I, 
quoth Don Quixote, that come to supply thy defects, and 
to remedy my troubles ; I come to whip thee, Sancho, and 
to discharge the debt in part thou standest obliged in. 
Dulcinea perisheth, thou livest carelesly, I dye desiring; and 
therefore untrusse thy selfe willingly, for I have a minde in 
these Desarts to give thee at least two thousand lashes. 

Not so, quoth Sancho, pray be quiet: and if not, I protest, 
deafe men shall heare us: the stripes in which I engaged my 
selfe must be voluntary, and not enforced, and at this time 
I have no minde to whip my selfe ; tis enough that I give 

171 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER you my word to beat my selfe, and fly-flappe mee when I 

I^ have a disposition to it. 
What hap- There 's no leaving of it to thy courtesie, Sancho, (quoth 

1^°®^*^. Don Quixote) for thou art hard-hearted, and though a 

iroimr to"^^ ' Clowne, yet tender of flesh; and so he contended and strove 
Barselona. to unlace him : which when Sancho Fansa saw, he stood to 

it, and setting upon his Master, closed with him, and tripping 
up his heeles, cast him upon his backe on the grouna, hee 

Eut his right knee upon his brest, and with his hands held 
is, so that hee neyther let him stirre nor breathe. 
Don Quixote cryed out, How now. Traitor, rebellest 
thou against thy naturall Lord and Master? presumest thou 
against him that feedes thee? I neyther make King, nor 
depose King (quoth Sancho) I onely helpe my selfe that 
am mine owne Lord : promise me you. Sir, that you will 
be quiet, and not meddle with whipping of me now, and 
He set you loose and free; and ii not, here thou diest. 
Traitor, enemy to Donna Sancha. Don Quixote promised 
him, and swore by the life of his thoughts, hee would not 
touch so much as a haire of his head, and that hee would 
leave his whipping himselfe, to his owne free-will and choise 
when he woula. 

Sancho gate up, and went a pretty way from him, and 
going to leane to another tree, he perceived something touch 
him upon the head, and lifting up his hands, hee lighted on 
two feet of a man, with hose ana shooes on ; he quak'^d for 
feare, and went to another tree, and the like befell him : so 
he cried out, calling to Don Quixote to helpe him. Don 
Quixote did so, and asking him what had befalne him ? and 
why he was afraid ? Sancho answered, That all those Trees 
were full of mens feet and legges. Don Quixote felt them, 
and fell strait into the account of what they might be, and 
said to Sancho, Thou necdest not feare ; for these feet and 
legges thou feelest and seest not, doubtlcsse are of some 
free-booters and robbers in troopes, that are hanged in these 
trees ; for here the lustice hangs them by twenty and thirty 
at a clap, by which I understand that I am neere Barcelona : 
and true it was as he supposed. They lifted up their eyes, 
172 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and to see to, the free-booters bodies hung as if they had CHAPTER 
beene clusters upon those trees : and by this it waxed day ; ^^ 

and if the dead men feared them, no lesse were they in Whathap- 
tribulation with the sight of at least forty live Banditi, {^""^^Q^ixote 
who hemmed them in upon a sodain, bidding them in the *roinirto**^ ' 
Catalan tongue, they should be quiet, and stand till their Barselona. 
Captaine came. 

Don Quixote was on foot, his horse unbridled, his Lance 
set up a^nst a tree, finally, voyd of all defence, and there- 
fore ne deemed it best to crosse his hands, and hold downe 
his head, reserving himselfe for a better occasion and con- 
juncture. 

The theeves came to flea Dapple, and began to leave him 
nothing he had, eyther in his Wallets or Cloke-bag : and it 
fell out wel for Sancho, for the Dukes Crownes were in a 
hollow girdle girt to him, and those likewise that he brought 
from home with him, and for all that, those good fellowes 
would have weeded and searched him to the very entrailes, 
if their Captaine had not come in the Interim, who seemed 
to bee about thirty yeeres of age, strongly made, and some- 
what of a tall stature ; his looke was solemne, and his com- 
plexion swarthy : he was mounted upon a powerfull Horse, 
with his Steele coat on, and foure Fetronels (called in that 
Country Pedrenales) which hee wore two at each side : and 
now his Squires (for so they call those that are in that 
vocation) came to make spoyle of Sancho : he commanded 
them they should not, and he was strait obeyed, and so the 
girdle escaped : he wondred to see a Launce reared up on a 
tree, a shield on the ground, and Don Quixote armed and 
pensative, with the saddest melancholicst visage, that sad- 
nesse it selfe could frame. He came to him, saying. Be not 
sad, honest man ; for you have not falne into the hands of 
any cruell Osiris, but into Roque Guinarts, that have more 
compassion then cruelty in them. 

My sadnesse is not, quoth Don Quixote, to have falne into 
thy power, oh valorous Roque (whose Fame is boundlesse) 
but that my carelesnesse was such, that thy Souldiers have 
caught me without bridle, I being obliged (according to 

178 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER the order of Knight Errantry, which I professe) to keepe 
LX ' watch and ward, and at all houres to be my owne CentineU ; 
What hap- for let me tell thee. Grand Roque, if they had taken mee on 
E^®^ *®. Horse-backe with my Lance and Shield, they should not 

^jLto*^**' easily have made me yeeld; for I am Don Quixote de la 
BiuKionR. Mancha, he, of whose exploits all the world is full. Strait 

Roque Guinart perceived, that Don Quixote^s infirmity pro- 
ceeded rather of madnesse then Valour, and though hee nad 
sometimes heard tell of him, yet hee never could beleeve his 
deedes to be true, neither could he be perswaded that such a 
humour should reigne in any mans h^u-t, and hee was won- 
derfully glad to have met with him, to see by experience, 
what he had heard say of him, and therefore he said. Valor- 
ous Knight, vexe not your selfe, neyther take this fortune of 
yours to be sinister ; for it may be, that in these stumbling 
blocks your crooked lot may be straightned, for heaven dol£ 
usually raise up those that fall, and enrich the poore by 
strange and unseene waies (by men not imagined.) 

Don Quixote was about to have rendred him thankes, 
when as they perceived a noyse behind them, as if there had 
beene some troope of horse, but there was but one onely, 
upon which there came with full speed, a Youth to see to, 
about some twenty yeeres of age, clad in greene Damaske ; 
his Hose and loose lerkin were layd on with gold lace, with 
a Hat turned up from his band, with close fit boots, sword 
and dagger gilt, and a little birding-Feece in his hand, and 
two Pistols at his sides. Roque turned his head to the 
noyse, and saw this beautifull shape, who comming neere 
him, said. In qusest of thee I came, oh valorous Roque, to 
finde in thee, if not redresse, at least some lightsomenesse in 
this my misfortune : And to hold thee no longer in suspence, 
because I know thou knowest mee not, I will tell thee who I 
am ; that is, Claudia leronima, daughter to Simon Forte thy 
singular friend, and onely enemy to Clanquel Torellas, who 
is idso thine, as being one of thy contrary faction ; and thou 
knowest that this Torellas hath a sonne, called Don Vincente 
Torellas, or at least was so called, not two houres since. 
Hee then, to shorten my unfortunate tale, I will tell thee in 
174 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

few words what hath befalne me : He saw me, courted me, I CHAPTER 
gave eare to him, and my Father unwitting of it, I afFec- ^^ 

tionated my sclfe to him ; for there is no woman, be she ^Vllat hap- 
never so retired or looked to, but slie hath time enough to Pf °® q*®. ^ 
put in execution and effect her hasty longing. iro^nir to" ' 

Finally, he promised me marriage, and I gave him my Barseloiia. 
word to be his, so no more passed really : Yesterday I came 
to know, that, forgctfuU of his obligation, he contracted to 
another, and that this morning he went to be married; a 
newes that troubled my braine, and made an end of my 
patience : and by reason my Father was not at home, I had 
opportunity to put my selfe in this apparell thou seest, and 
making speed with this horse, I overtooke Don Vinccnte 
about a league from hence, and without making any com- 
plaint, or hearing his discharge, I discharged this Peece, and 
to boot, these Pistols, and I belceve I sent two bullets into 
his body, making way, thorow which, my honor enwrapped 
in his bloud, might sally out : therefore I left him to his 
servants, who nor durst, nor could put themselves in his 
defence. I came to seeke thee, that thou mightest help to 
passe me into France, where I have kindred, with whom I 
may live ; and withall, to desire thee to defend my Father, 
that the number of Don Vincentes friends take not a cruell 
revenge u{X)n him. 

Roque wondring at the gallantry, bravery, handsomenesse 
and successe of the faire Claudia, said. Come, Gentlewoman, 
and let us goe see if your enemy be dead, and afterward 
what shall bee most fitting to he done. 

Don Quixote, that hearkened attentively to all that 
Claudia said, and Roque Guinart answered, said. No man 
need take pains to defend this Lady ; let it be my charge : 
Give me my horse and my Armes, and expect me here, and 
I will goe seek this Knight, and alive or dead, will make him 
accomplish his promise to so great a beauty. 

No man doubt it, quoth Sancho ; for my Master hath a 
very good hand to be a marriage-maker : and not long since 
he forced another to marry, that denied his promise to a 
maid ; and had it not beene that Enchanters persecuted him, 

176 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and changed the true shape into the shape of a Lackey, by 

LX this time the said maid had beene none. 

\Vliat hap- Roque, that attended more to Claudia^s successe, then the 

E^®^*^. reasons of Master or man, understood them not; and so 

^Sir to"*^ ' commanding his Squires, they should restore to Sancho all 
Banelona. they had taken from Dapple, and commanding them likewise 

to retire where he lodged the night before, hee went straight 
with all speed with Claudia, to find the wounded or dead 
Don Vincente. 

To the place they came, where Claudia met him, where 
they found nothing but late shed bloud: but looking 
round about them, they discovered some people upon the 
side of a Hill: and they thought, as true it was, that 
that was Don Vincente, whom his servants carried alive, 
or dead ; to cure, or give him buriall : they hasted to over- 
take them, which they easily might doe, the others going but 
softly. Iliey found Don Vincente in his servants Armes, 
whom hee entreated with a weake and weary voice to let him 
dye there : for the griefe of his wounds would not suffer him 
to goe any further. 

Claudia and Roque flung themselves from their Horses, 
to him they came, the servants feared Roques presence ; and 
Claudia was troubled to see Don Vincente : and so betwixt 
milde and mercilesse, she came to him, and laying hold of 
his hands, shee said, If thou hadst given me these according 
to our agreement, thou hadst never comne to this extremitie : 
The wounded Gentleman opened his halfe-shut eyes, and 
knowing Claudia, said, I well perceive, faire and deceived 
Mistris, that thou art shee that hast slaine me : a punish- 
ment not deserved, nor due to my desires, in which, nor in 
anyaction of mine, I never knew how to offend thee. 

Then belike, ^tis false, that thou went^st this morning to 
bee married to Leonora, the rich Balvasho'^s daughter. 

No verily, said Don Vincente, my ill fortune brought thee 
that newes, that being jealous iJiou shouldest bereave me of 
my life: which since I leave it in thy hands, and embrace 
thee, I thinke my selfe most happy : and to assure thee that 
this is true, take my hand, and if thou wilt receive me for 
176 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

thy Husband ; for I have no other satisfaction to give thee CHAPTER 
for the wrong thou thinkest I have done thee. LX 

Claudia wrunff his hand, and her selfe was wrung to the What hap- 
very heart ; so that upon Don Vincente's bloud and brest, E?f ^J^, 
she fell into a swound, and he into a mortall Paroxisme. 1^1^^ *** 
Roque was jp, a maze, and knew not what to do. The ser- Bwselona. 
vants went to fetch water to fling in their faces, and brought 
it, with which they bathed them. 

Claudia revived againe : but Don Vincente never from his 
Paroxisme, with which he ended his life. 

Which when Claudia saw, out of doubt, that her Husband 
was dead, shee burst the Ayre with her sighs, and wounded 
Heaven with her complaints : she tore her hayre, and gave 
it to the winde: with her owne hands she dis-figured her 
face, with all the shewes of dolour and feeling, that might 
bee imagined from a grieved heart 

Oh cruell and inconsiderate Woman (said shee) how easily 
wast thou moved to put so cruell a designe in execution ? 
Oh raving force of lealousie, to what desperate ends dost thou 
bring those that harbour thee in their brests? Oh my 
Spouse, whose unhappy fortune, for being my Pledge, hath 
brought from bed to Duriall. 

Such and so sad were the complaints of Claudia, that even 
from Roques eyes drew teares, not used to shed them upon 
any occasion : the servants howled, and Claudia every stitch- 
while swouned, and the whole circuit lookt like a field of 
sorrow, and a place of mis-fortune. 

Finally, Roque Guinart gave order to Don Vincentes 
servants, to carry his body to his Fathers towne, that was 
ncere there, to give him Buriall. Claudia told Roque, she 
would goe to a Monastery, where an Aunt of hers was 
Abbesse, where she meant to end her dayes, accompanied 
with a better and an etemall Spouse. 

Roque commended her good intention, and offered to 
accompany her whither she would, and to defend her Father, 
from her kindred, and from all tiie world that would hurt 
him. 

Claudia would by no meanes accept of his company, and 

4:Z 177 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER thanking him the best she could for his offer, she tooke 

LX leave of him weeping. Don Vincentes servants bore away 

What hap- his body, and Roaue returned to his people : and this was 

PJ^odto Uie ena of Claudia leronima'^s love: but no marvell if 

^T ^''^^^' jealousie contrived the plot of her lamentable Story. 

lona. Roque Guinarte found his Squires where he liad wiUed 

them to be ; and Don Quixote amongst them upon Rosin- 
ante, making a large discourse to them, in which he per- 
swaded them to leave that kinde of life, dangerous as well 
for their soules, as bodies: but the most of them being 
Gascoignes, a wilde and unruly people, Don Quixotes dis- 
course prevailed nothing with them. 

When Roque was come, he asked Sancho, if they had 
restored his implements to him, and the Prize whioi his 
Souldiers had taken from Dapple. Sancho answered. Yes, 
onely that he wanted three Night-caps, that were worth 
three Cities. What say you fellow ? Quoth one of them : 
I have them, and they were not worth eighteene pence. 

Tis true (said Don Quixote) but my Sauire esteemes them 
in what he hath said, for the parties sake that gave them 
me. 

Roque Guinart straight commanded they should be re- 
stored, and commanding his people to stand round, he willed 
them to set before them, all the apparell, lewels, and money, 
and all that since their last sharing they had robbed : and 
casting up the account briefcly, returning that that was not 
to be rc-parted; reducing it into mony, he divided it amonest 
al his company, so legally, and wisely, that he neither adaed 
nor diminished, from an equal distributive justice. 

This done, and all contented, satisfied, and payd, Roque 
said to Don Quixote, If I should not bee thus punctimll 
with these fellowes, there were no living with them: To 
which said Sancho, By what I have heere seene, lustice is 
so good, that it is fit and necessary, even amongst theeves 
themselves. 

One of the Squires heard him, and lifted up the snap- 
haunce of his Peece, with which he had opened his Mazer, 
if Roque Guinart had not cryed out to bid liim hold. 

178 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sancho was amazed, and purposed not to unsow his lips, CHAPTER 
as long as he was in that company. LX 

Now there came one or more of the Squires, that were put What hap- 
in Centinell, upon the wayes, to see who passed by, and to P®"®^ **! 
give notice to their Chiefe, what passed ; who said, Sir, not ^Jj^ to** 
far hence, by the way that goes to Barcelona : there comes Barselona. 
a great Troope of people. To which quoth Roque, Hast 
thou markt whether they bee of those that seeke us, or those 
wee seeke ? Of the latter, said the Squire. 

Well, get you out all quoth Roque, and bring um me 
hither straight, and let not a man scape. They did so, and 
Don Quixote and Roque, and Sancho stay'd, and expected 
to sec what the Squires brought : and in the Interim, Roque 
said to Don Quixote, Our life will seeme to be a strange 
kinde of one to Signior Don Quixotes strange Adventures, 
strange successes, and dangerous all; and I should not wonder 
that it appeare so. For I confesse truely to you, there is no 
kinde of life more unquiet, nor more full of feares then ours. 
I have falne into it by I know not what desires of revenge, 
that have power to trouble the most quiet hearts. 

I am naturally compassionate, and well-minded : but as I 
have said, the desire of revenging a wrong done me, doth so 
dash this good inclination in me, that I persevere in this 
estate, maugre my best judgement: and as one horrour brings 
on another, and one sinnc: so my revenges have beene so 
linked together, that I not onely undergoe mine owne, but 
ulso other mens : but God is pleased, that though I see my 
selfe in the midst of this Labyrinth of Confusions, I despayre 
not to come to a safe harbour. 

Don Quixote admired to heare from Roque such good and 
sound reasons : for he thought, that amongst those of this 
profession of robbing, killing, and high-way-lajdng, there 
could bee none so well spoken, and answered him : 

Signior Roque, the beginning of health consists, in know- 
ing the infirmity and that the sick man be willing to take 
the medicines that the Physician ordaines. You are sicke : 
you know your ffriefe and heaven ; or (to say truer) Grod 
who is our Physician, will apply medicines that may cure 

179 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER you, which doe heale by d^rees, but not suddenly, and by 

LX miracle: besides, sinners that have knowledge, are neerer 

What hap- amendment then those that are without it : and since you, 

pened to by your discourse have shewed your discretion, there is no 

•° to^^^' more to be done : but bee of good courage, and despayre not 

Mnelona. ^^ ^^^ recovering your sick conscience ; and if you will save 

a labour, and facilitate the way of your salvation; come 
with me, and I will teach you to be a Knight Errant, and 
how you shall undergoe so many labours, and mis-adven- 
tures, that taking them by way of penance, you shall climbe 
Heaven in an instant. 

Roque laughed at Don Quixotes counsaile, to whom (chang- 
ing their discourse) hee recounted the Tragicall successe of 
Claudia leronimo : at which Sancho wept exceedingly ; for 
the beauty, spirit, and buck-somenesse of the Wench mis- 
liked him not. 

By this the Squires returned with their prize, bringing 
with them, two Gentlemen on horseback, and two Pilgrims 
on foot, and a Coach full of women, and some halfe doozen 
of servants, that on horseback and on footc, waited on them, 
with two Mule-men that belonged to the two Gentlemen. 
The Squires brought them in triumph, the conquerours and 
conquered, being all silent, and expecting what the Grand 
Roque should determine : who asked the Gentlemen, who they 
were, whither they would, and what money they carried : 
One of them answered him. Sir, Wee two are Captaines of 
Spanish foot, and have Companies in Naples, and are going 
to imbarke our selves in foure Gallies, that we heare are 
bound for Silicia : wee carry with us two or three hundreth 
crownes, which we think is sufficient, as being the largest 
treasure incident to the ordinary penury of souldiours. 

Roque asked the Pilgrims the same questions, who an- 
swcrea him likewise, that they were to bee imbarked towards 
Rome, and that they carried a matter of thirty shillings 
betweene them both : The same he likewise desired to know 
of those that went in the Coach, and one of them on horse- 
back, answered. 

My Lady Donna Guiomar de Quinnones, wife to a ludge 
180 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

of Naples, with a little Girle and her Maids, are they that CHAPTER 
goe in the Coach ; and some six servants of us wait on her : ^^ 

and wee carry sixe hundreth Pistolets in gold. So that What hap- 
(said lioque Guinarte) we have heere in all, nine hundreth Pf"®^*^. ^ 
crownes, and sixty liyals : my souldiours are about a sixtie ; grohigto^ * 
let us see what comes to each mans share : for I am a bad Barseloua. 
Arithmetician. 

When the Theeves heard this, they cryed alowd, Long 
live Uoque Guinarte, in spight of the CuUions that seeke to 
destroy liim. 

The Captaines were afflicted, the I^y was sorrowfuU, and 
the Pilgrims were never a whit glad, to see their goods thus 
confiscated. Roque awhile held them in this suspence : but 
hee would no longer dctaine them in this sadnesse, which he 
might see a gun-shoote oft in their faces: and turning to 
the Captaines, said, Captaines, you shall doe me the kind- 
nesse as to lend mee threescore ducats: and you. Madam, 
fourescorc, to content my squadron that followes me: for 
herein consists my revenue : and so you may passe on freely, 
onely with a safe-conduct that I shall give you : that if you 
meet with any other squadrons of mine, which are divided 
upon these Downcs, they doe you no hurt : for my intent is 
not to wrong Souldiours, or any woman, especially Noble. 

The Ca]:)taines infinitely extolled Uoques courteous liber- 
ality for leaving them their money. The Lady would have 
cast her selfe out of the Coach, to kisse the Grand Roques 
feet and hands: but he would by no meanes yeeld to it, 
rather asked pardon that he had presumed so farre, which 
was only to comply with the obligation of his ill employ- 
ment. 

Tlie Lady commanded a servant of hers, to give him 
straight fourescore ducats, which were allotted him: the 
Captaines too disbursed their sixty, and the Pilgrims ten- 
dered their povertie : but Roque bade them be still : and 
turning to his people, said. Out of these Crownes, there are 
to each man two due; and there remaine twenty: let the 
poore Pilgrims have ten of them, and the other ten this 
honest Squire, that he may speake well of this Adventure : 

181 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and so bringing him necessaries to write, of which he ever 
^^ went provided, nee gave them a safe-conduct to the heads 

Wliathap- of his squadrons; and taking leave of them, let them passe 
pened to {ree: and wondring at the noblenesse of his brave and strange 

iroinir to"^^ ' condition, holding him rather for a great Alexander, then 
)lona. <^ open robber : one of the Theeves said in his Catalan lan- 
guage, Tliis Captaine of ours were fitter to be a Frier, then 
a Robber : and if he meanc henceforward to bee so liberall, 
let it be with his owne goods, and not with ours. 

This, the wretch spoke not so softly, but Roque might 
overheare him; who catching his sword in hand, almost 
clove his pate in two, saying. This is the punishment I use 
to sawcy knaves : all the rest were amazed, and durst not 
reply a word ; such was the awe in which they stood of him. 
Roque then retired aside, and wrote a Lictter to a friend of 
his to Barselona, advising him how the famous Don Quixote 
de laMancha was with him, that Knight Errant so notorious: 
and he gave him to understand, that he was the most con- 
ceited understanding fellow in the world : and that about 
some foure dayes after, which was Mid -summer day, hee 
should have him upon the Citie Wharfe, armed at all points 
upon his Horse Rosinantc, and his Squire likewise upon his 
Asse : and that he should let the Niarros his friendfs know 
so much, that they might solace themselves with him : but 
hee could wish the Cadels his Adversaries might want the 
pastime, that the madnes of Don Quixote, and nis conceited 
Squire would make. Hee delivered the Letter to one 
of his Squires, who changing his Theeves habit, for a 
Countreymans, went to the Citie, and delivered 
it to whom it was directed. 



182 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER LXI 

What hapned to Bon Quixote at his entrance 
Into Barselona, with other events more 

true, then witty. 

^HREE dales and three nights was Don 
Quixote with Roque, and nad he bin so 
300 yeeres, he should not have wanted 
matter to make him see and admire his 
kind of life: one while heere they Ive; 
another, there they dine ; somtimea they 
Hy from they know not whom; otherwhile, 
they wait for they know not whom. 
They sleepe standing, a broken sleepc, changing from 

Elace to place: all was setting of Spies, listening of Sentinels, 
lowing Musket- matches, though of such shot they had but 
few : most of them carrying Fetronels. Roquc himsclfe 
slept apart from the rest, not letting them Know where 
he lodeed ; because the many Proclamations which the Vice- 
Hoy of Barselona had caused to be made to take him, made 
him unquiet and fearfiill, and so he durst trust no body, 
fearing his own people would cither kill or deliver him to 
the Justice : a life indeed wretched, and irkesome, at length 
by by-waics and crossc pathes Roque and Don Quixote got 
to the Wharfc of Barselona, where Botiue gave Sancho the 
ten crownes he promised him, and so they parted with many 
complements on both parts. 

Roque returned, and Don Quixote stayed there, eiqwcting 
the day just as he was on horseback : and awhile after, the 
face of the white Aurora, begannc to peepe liiorow the Bay* 
windowes of the East, cheering the Hearbs and Flowers, in 
stead of delighting the eare, and yet at the same instant 
a noise of Hoboycs and Drums delighted their cares, and a 

183 



CHAPTER 
LXI 

What hapned 
to Don 
Quixote at 
his entrance 
into Bar- 
selona, with 
other evenU 
more true^ 
then witty. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

noise of Morris-bells, with the Pat a pat of Horsemen run- 
ning to see to out of the Citie. 

Aurora now gave the Sunne leave to rise out of the lowest 
part of the East, with his face as bigge as a Buckler. 

Don Quixote and Sancho spred tneir eyes round about, 
and they might see the Sea, which till that time they had 
never seen : it seemed unto them most large and spacious, 
more by farre then the Lake of Ruydera, which they saw 
in the Mancha: they beheld the Gallies in the Wharfe, 
who clapping down tneir tilts, discovered themselves full of 
Flagges and Streamers, that waved in the winde, and kissed 
and swept the water: within, the Clarines, Trumpets and 
Hoboyes sounded, that farre and neere filled the Ayre with 
sweet and warlike accents: they began to moove, and to 
make shew of skirmish upon the gentle water ; a world of 
Gallants answering them on Land, which came out of the 
Citie upon goodly Horses, and brave in their Liveries. 

The Souldiours of the Gallies discharged an infinitic of 
shot, which were answered from the walles and Forts of the 
Citie, and the great shot with fcarefuU noise cut the Ayre, 
which were answered with the Gallics fore-Castle Canons: 
the Sea was chcerefull, the Land jocund, the sky cleere, 
onely somwhat dimmed with the smoke of the Artillery, it 
seemed to infuse and ingender a sodaine delight in all men. 
Saneho could not imagine how those Bulks that mooved upon 
the Sea could have so many fcetc. By this, they a-shore 
in the rich Liveries began to runnc on vriih their Moorish 
out-cryes, even to the very place where Don Quixote was 
wondring and amazed : and one of them, he who had the 
Letter from Roquc, said to Don Quixote thus alowd. Welcome 
to our Citie is the Looking-glasse, the Lant-horne, and 
North -starre of all Knight Errantry, where it is most in 

Eractice. Welcome, I say, is the Valorous Don Quixote de 
I Mancha: not the false, fictitious, or Apocryphal, that 
hath beene demonstrated to us of late in false Histories; 
but the true, legall, and faithfuU Hee, which Cid Hamete 
the flower of Historians describes unto us. Don Quixote 
answered not a word, neyther did the Gentlemen expect 
184 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

hee should; but turning in and out with the rest, they CHAPTER 
wheeled about Don Quixote : who turning to Sancho, said, ^^^ 
These men know us well: I lay a wager they have read Whathapned 
our History, and that too of the Aragonians lately printed. ^ P^^ 
The Gentleman that spoke to Don Quixote, came backe hig^entrance 
againe, and said to him, Signior Don Quixote, come with into Bar- 
ns, I beseech you ; for we are all your servants, and Roque selona^ with 
Guinarte'*s deare friends. To which Don Quixote replied, o^®' events 
If courtesies engender courtesies, then yours. Sir Knight, is Jug^^J^^ 
daughter, or neere kindred to Koques: carry mee whither 
you will, for I am wholly yours, and at your service, if you 
please to command me. In the like Courtly straine, the 
Gentleman answered him, and so locking him in the midst 
of them, with sound of Drums and Hoboyes, they carried 
him towards the City, where at his entrance, as ill lucke 
would have it, and the boyes that are the worst of all ill, 
two of them, bold Cracke-ropes, came among the thrust, and 
one of them lifting up Dapples taile, and the other Rosin- 
antes, they fastned each their handfull of Nettles. The 
poore beasts felt the new spurs, and clapping their tailes 
close, augmented their paines; so that after a thousand 
winces, they cast downe tneir Masters. 

Don Quixote all abashed and disgraced, went to take this 

Plumage from his Coursers taile, and Sancho from Dapples. 

Those that guided Don Quixote, would have punished 

the boyes for their sawcinesse, but it was not possible; 

for they got themselves into the thickest of a thousand 

others that followed. Don Quixote and Sancho returned 

to their seates, and with the ssune applause and Musike, 

they came to their Guides house, which was faire and large, 

indeed as was fit for a Gentleman of meanes ; where 

wee will leave him for the present, because 

Cid Hamete will have it so. 



4: AA 185 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXII 

The Adventure of the Enchanted head, with other 
flim-flams that must be recounted. 

ON QUIXOTE'S Oasts name was Don 
Antonio Moreno, a rich Gentleman and a 
discreet, and one that loved to be honestly 
tind affably merry; who having Don 
(juixotc now at home, began to invent, 
how, without prejudice to him, he might 
divulge his maonesse ; for jests ought nut 
to be too bitter, nor pastimes in detri- 
ment of a third person. 

The first thing he did then, was to cause Don Quixote 
to be unarmed, and to make him appcare in that straight 
Chamois apparell of his (as heretofore we have painted and 
described him :) so he brought him to a Bay window which 
looked toward one of the cmefest etrectes in the City, to be 
publikely seene by all commcrs, and the boycs that beheld 
turn as if hee had beene a Monkey. They in the Liveries 
began a-fresh to fetch Careercs before him, as if for him 
onely, (and not to solemnize that festivall day) their Liveries 
had beene put on : and Sancho was most jocund, as thinking 
he had found out, ke knew not how, nor which way, a new 
Camacho's marriage, or another house like Don Di^o dc 
Miranda's, or the Dukes Castle. 

That day some of Don Antonio's friends dined with him, 
all honouring Don Quixote, and observing him as a Knight 
Errant: with which, being most vaine-glorious, hee could 
scarce containe himselfe in nis happinesse. Sancho's conceits 
were such and so many, that all the servants of the house 
bung upon his Hopes, and as many also as heard him. 

Beine at Table, Don Antonio said to Sancho, We have 
heard Eeere, honest Saucho, that thou lovest Leech and 
186 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

roasted Olives so well, that when thou canst eat no more, CHAPTER 
thou keepest the rest in thy bosome till another time. No, LXII 
Sir, tis not so, said Sancho, for I am more cleanly then so. The Adven- 
and my Master Don Quixote here present knowes well, that ij''^^^^ 
we are wont both of us to live eight daies with a handfuU jj^^ ^j^jj 
of Acomes or Walnuts : true it is, that now and then I other flim- 
looke not a given horse in the mouth (I meane) I eate flams that 
what is given me, and make use of the time present, and ^^^ ^. 
whosoever hath said that I am an extraordinary eater, and '®^'"* • 
not cleancly, let him know he doth me wrong ; and I 
should proceed farther, were it not for the company heere 
at Table. 

Truely, said Don Quixote, the parsimony and cleanlinesse 
with which Sancho fcedes, may oe written and graved in 
sheetes of brasse, that it may be eternally remembred by 
ensuing Ages : True it is, that when he is hungry, he 
is somewhat ravenous, eates apace, and chawes on both 
sides ; but for cleanlinesse, that he hath punctually ob- 
served : and when he was a Grovemour, learnt to eat 
most neatly; for hec would eat you Grapes, nay, Pome- 
granat seedcs with his forke. How, quoth Don Antonio, 
hath Sancho beene a Govemour ? I, said Sancho, and of an 
Hand called Barataria : tenne daies I governed to my will, in 
them I lost my rest, and learnt to contemne all the Govern- 
ments in the world. From thence I came flying, and fell 
into a pit, where I thought I shoidd have died, from whence 
I escaped miraculously. 

Don Quixote recounted all the particulflurs of Sancho'^s 
Government, with which the hearers were much delighted. 
The cloth now taken away, and Don Antonio taking Don 
Quixote by the hand, carried him into a private chamber, in 
whicli there was no other kinde of furniture, but a Table 
that seemed to bee of lasper, borne up with feete of the 
same, upon which there was set a Head, as if it [had] beene 
of brasse, just as your Romane Emperors are used to be, from 
the brost upward. Don Antonio walked with Don Quixote 
up and downe the chamber, and having gone a good many 
tumes about the Table, at last he said, Signior Don Quixote, 

187 



CHAPTER 
LXII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
Enchanted 
head^ with 
other flim- 
flams that 
must be 
recounted. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

now that I am fully perswaded no-body heares us, and that 
the doore is fast, I will tell you one of the rarest Adventures, 
or rather Novelties, that can be imagined ; provided, that 
what I tell you, shall be deposited in the uttermost privy 
Chambers of secresie. 

That I vow, said Don Quixote: and for more safety, I 
will clap a Tombe-stone over it ; for let me tell you, Signior 
Don Antonio (for now he knew his name) you converse with 
one, that though he have eares to heare, yet he hath no 
tongue to tell : so that what is in your brest, you may freely 
translate it into mine, and rest assured, that you have flung 
it into the Abissus of silence. 

In confidence of this promise (answered Don Antonio) I 
wil make you admire at what you shall heare and see, and 
so you shall somewhat ease me of the trouble I am in, in 
not finding one that I may communicate my secrets with ; 
with which, every one is not to be trusted. 

Don Quixote was in great suspcnce, expecting what would 
be the issue of all these circumstances; so Don Antonio 
taking him by the hand, he made him feelc all over the 
brazen head and the Table, and lasper feet, and then said. 
This head, Signior, was made by one of the greatest En- 
chanters or Magicians that hath bcenc in the world, and 
I beleeve, by Nation he was a Polander, and one of that 
famous Scotus his disciples, of whom so many wonders are 
related, who was hcerc in my house, and for a thousand 
Crowncs I gave him, framed me this head, that hath the 
property and quality to answer to any thing that it is asked 
in your eare : he had his trickes and devices, his painting of 
Characters, his observing of Starres, lookt to every tittle, and 
finally, brought this head to the perfection that to morrow 
you shall see, for on the Fridayes still it is mute, which being 
this day, we must expect till to morrow; and so in the 
meane time you may oethink you what you will demand ; 
for I know by experience, this head answers truly to all 
that is asked 

Don Quixote admired at the vertue and property of the 
head, and could scarce beleeve Don Antonio, but seeing how 

188 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

short a time there was to the triall, he would not gain-say CHAPTER 
him, but thanked him for discovering so great a secret : So LXn 
out of the roome they went : Don Antonio locked the doore The Adven- 
after him, and they came into a Hall where the rest of the 5?^/*^*^ 
Gentlemen were: in this interim, Sancho had related to ^"^^^"JJ^ 
them many of the Adventures and successes that befell his o^her flim- 
Master. That after-noone they carried Don Quixote abroad, flams that 
not armed, but clad in the City garbe, with a loose coat of must be 
tawny cloth, that in that season might have made frost it '©^^'i^*®*' 
selfe sweat : they gave order to their servants to entertain 
Sancho, and not to let him stirre out of dores. Don Quixote 
rode not upon Rosinante, but on a goodly trotting Mule, 
with good furniture, they put his coat upon him, and at 
his backe (hee not perceiving it) they sowed a piece of 
Parchment, wherein was written in Text letters, *This is 
Don Quixote de la Mancha**: as they began their walke, 
the scrowlc drew all mens eyes to looke on it, and as they 
read, ^ This is Don Quixote de la Mancha,*" hee admired to 
see what a number beheld and named him, and knew him ; 
and turning to Don Antonio that went by him, said. Great 
is the Prerogative due to Knight Errantry, since over all the 
world, it makes its Professors knowne and renowned; for 
looke you, Signior Don Antonio, even the very boyes of this 
City having never seenc mee before, know me. Tis true, 
Signior, quoth Don Antonio : for as fire cannot be hidden 
nor bounded, no more can vertuc but it must be knowne ; 
and that which is gotten by the profession of Armes, doth 
most flourish and triumph above tne rest. 

It hapned, that Don Quixote riding with this applause, a 
Castilian that read the scrowle at his backe, raised nis voyce, 
saying. The Devill take thee for Don Quixote de la M ancha : 
and art thou gotten hither without being killed with those 
infinite bastings thou hast borne upon thy shoulders ? Thou 
art a madde man, and wert thou so in private, and within 
thy house, twere lesse cvill ; but thy property is, to make all 
that converse or treat with thee, mad-men and Coxe-combes, 
as may appeare by these that accompany thee: get thee 
home, Ideot, and looke to thy Estate, Wife, and Children, 

189 



CHAPTER 
LXII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
Euchaiited 
head, with 
other flim- 
flamB that 
must be 
recounted. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

and leave these vanities that worm-eate thy braines, and 
defile thy intellect. Brother, said Don Antonio, follow your 
way, and give no counsaile to those that need it not: Signior 
Don Quixote is wise, and we that do accompany him, are no 
fooles, vertue is worthy to be honoured wheresoever she is, 
and so be gone with a poxe to you, and meddle not where 
you have nothing to doe. I vow (quoth the Castilian) you 
have reason ; for to give counsaile to this man, is to strive 
against the streame: but for all that, it pitties me very 
much, that the good understanding they say this blocke- 
head hath in all things else, should be let out at the pipe 
of his Knight -Errantry, and a pox light on me (as you 
wish. Sir) and all my posterity, if from henceforward, though 
I should live to the yeeres of Methusalem, I give counsaile 
to any, though it be desired. 

Thus the Counseller went by, and the shew went on : but 
the boyes, and all manner of people pressed so thicke to 
reade the scrowle, that Don Antonio was forced to take it 
off from him, as if he had done something else. 

The night came on, and they returned home, where was 
a Revels of women : for Don Antonio's wife, that was well 
bred, mirthfull, faire, and discreet, invited other shee-friends 
of hers, to come to welcome her new ghest, and to make 
merry with his strange madnesse. Some of them came, and 
they had a royall Supper, and the Revels began about ten a 
clocke at nignt. Among these Dames, there were two of 
a notable waggish disposition, and great scoffers; and though 
honest, yet they strained their carriage, that their trickes 
might the better delight without yrksomnes ; these were so 
eager to take Don Quixote out to dance, that they wearied 
not onely his body, but his minde likewise : twas a goodly 
sight to see his shape, long, lanke, leane, his visage pale, 
the whole man shut up in his apparell, ungracefull, and un- 
weildy. The Damozels wooed him as it were by stealth, 
and he by stealth disdained them as fast ; but seeing him- 
selfe much pressed by their courtings, he lifted up his voyce, 
and said, Ftigite partes adversce, and leave me, oh unwelcome 
imaginations, to my quiet : Get you further off with your 

190 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

wishes, Ladies ; for she that is the Lady of mine, the peere- CHAPTER 
lesse Dulcinea del Toboso, will have none but hers subject l^^l 
and conquer me : and so saying, he sate him downe in the The Adven- 
middest of the Hall upon the ground, bruised and broken J^'^^^jj^ 
with his dancing exercise. Don Antonio made him be taken y^^^^ ^^ 
up in mens armes, and carried to bed ; the first that layd other flim- 
hold on him was Sancho, saying, In the name of God, what flams that 
meant you, Master mine, to dance ? Thinke you that all "**^ ^ . 
that are valiant, must be dancers ? and all Knights Errant, 
skipjacks ? I say, if you thinke so, you are deceived ; you 
have some that would rather kill Gyants then fetch a caper : 
if you were to friske, I would save you that labour, tor I 
can doe it like a Icr-Falcon : but in your dancing, I cannot 
worke a stitch. 

With this and such like discourse, Sancho made the 
Revellers laugh, and laid his Master to bed, laying cloaths 
enough on him, that hce might sweat out the cold he had 
taken by dancing. 

The next day, Don Antonio thought fit to try the En- 
chanted head, and so, with Don Quixote, Sancho, and others 
his friends, and the two Gentlewomen that had so laboured 
Don Quixote in the dance, that stayd all night with Don 
Antonio^s wife, hee locked himselfe in the roome where the 
head was; he told them ifs property, enjoyning them to 
silence : and hee said to them. That this was the first time 
in which hee meant to make proofe of the vertue of the En- 
chanted head, and except his two friends, no living creature 
else knew the tricke of that Enchantment; and if Don 
Antonio had not discovered it to them, they also would 
have falne into the same admiration that the rest did ; for 
it was not otherwise possible, the fabricke of it being so 
curious and cunning. 

The first that came to the Heads hearing, was Don Antonio 
himselfe, who spoke softly, but so, that he might be heard 
by all: Tell me. Head, by the vertue that is contained 
in thee. What thinke I of now ? And the head answered 
(not mooving the lips, with a loud and distinct voyce, that 
all the by-standers might heare this reason,) I judge not of 

191 



CHAPTER 
LXII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
Enchanted 
head, with 
other flim- 
flams that 
must be 
recounted. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

thoughts. Which when they all heard, they were astonisht, 
and the more, seeing neyther in all the roome, nor any 
where about the table, there was not any humane creature 
to answcre. How many heere be there of us (quoth Don 
Antonio againe) ? And answere was made him in the same 
tenor voyce : There are thou and thy wife, with two of thy 
hee-friends, and two of her shce-friends, and a famous Knight 
called Don Quixote de la Mancha, and a Squire of his that 
hight Sancho Pansa. I marry, sir, heere was the wondring 
a-iresh, heere was every ones haire standing on end with 

Eurc horror. And Don Antonio getting him aside from the 
ead, said, Xis enough now for mee to know that I was not 
deceived by him that sold thee mee. Sage Head, Talking 
Head, Answering Head, Admired Head ! Come another 
now, and ask what he wil : and as your women for the 
most part are hastiest, and most inquisitive, the first that 
came, was one of Don Antonio'*s wives friends, and her de- 
mand was this. Tell me. Head, What shall I doe to make 
my selfe faire ? The answer was. Be honest. I have done, 
said she. Strait came her other companion, and said, I would 
faine know. Head, whether my Husband love mee or no : 
and the answer was. Thou shalt know by his usage. The 
married woman stood by, saying ; The question might have 
been spared : for good usage is the best signc of affection. 
Then came one of Don Antonio'*s friends, and asked. Who 
am I? The answer was. Thou knowest. I aske thee not 
that said the Gentleman, but whether thou know me? I 
doe, it was answered ; Thou art Don Pedro Noris. No more, 

Head, let this suffice, to make mee know thou knowest all. 
And so stepping aside, the other friend came and asked. 
Tell me, Heaa, What desires hath my eldest sonne ? I have 
told you (it was answered) that I judge not of thoughts; 
yet let mee tell you, your sonne desires to bury you ; That 
(quoth the Gentleman) I know well, and daily perceive, but 

1 have done. Don Antonio's wife came next, and said. Head, 
I know not what to aske thee, I would onely faine know of 
thee, if I shall long enjoy my deare Husband: and the 
answere was. Thou shalt, for his health and spare diet 

192 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

promise him many yeeres, which many shorten by dis- CHAPTER 
tempers. LKII 

Now came Don Quixote, and said, Tell me, thou that l^e Adven- 
answerest, Was it true, or a dreame, that (as I recount) r?'\^^i^ 
befell mee in M ontesino^s Cave ? shall Sancho my Squires y^^^^ ^j^j^ 
wliipping be accomplisht ? shall Dulcinea be dis-enchanted ? other flim- 
For that of the Cave, (quoth the Answerer) there is much flams that 
to be said, it partakes of all : Sancho^s whipping shall be ^^^ ^ 
prolonged : but Dulcinea's dis-enchanting shall come to a '®^'"**®°* 
rcall end. I desire no more, said Don Quixote ; for so 
Dulcinea be dis-enchanted, I make account, all my good 
fortunes come upon me at a clap. 

Sancho was the last Demander, and his question was this ; 
Head, shall I haply have another Government? shall I be 
free from this penurious Squires life ? shall I see my Wife 
and Children againe ? To which it was answered him : In 
thy house shalt thou goveme ; whither if thou retume, thou 
shalt see thy Wife and children, and leaving thy service, thou 
shalt leave being a Squire. Very good (quoth Sancho) this I 
could have told before my sclfe, and my fathers horse could 
have said no more. Beast, quoth Don Quixote, what answere 
wouldst thou have? Is it not enough, that the answeres 
this head gives thee, are correspondent to thy questions.^ 
Tis true, said Sancho : but I would have knowne more. 

And now the questions and answeres were ended : but not 
the admiration, in which all remained, but Don Antonio^s 
friends that knew the conceit. Which Cid Hamete Benengeli 
would forthwith declare, not to hold the world in suspence, 
to thinkc that some Witch, or extraordinary raystene was 
inclosed in the said head : and thus saith he, that Don 
Antonio Moreno, in imitation of another head, which he 
saw in Madrid, framed by a Carver, caused this to be made 
in his house, to entertaine the simple, and make them wonder 
at it, and the Fabrickc was in this manner : 

The table it selfc was of wood, painted and varnished 
over like lasper, and the foot on which it stood was of the 
same, with foure Eagles clawes standing out to uphold it 
the better. 

4 : BB 193 



( 



CHAPTER 
LXII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
Enchanted 
head, with 
other film- 
flams that 
must be 
recounted. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

The head that shewed like the Medall, or picture of a 
Romane Emperour, and of brasse colour, was all hollow, and 
so was the Table too ; to which, it was so cunningly joyned, 
that there was no appearance of it : the foot of the Table 
was likewise hollow, that answered to the brest, and neck 
of the head : and all this answered to another Chamber, that 
was under the roome where the head was : and thorow all 
this hollownesse of the foote, the table, brest and neck of 
the Medall, there went a Tinne pipe, made fit to them, that 
could not be perceived. 

He that was to answere, set his mouth to the Pipe in the 
Chamber underneath, answering to this upper roome; so 
that the voice ascended, and descended, as thorow a Trunk, 
cleerely and distinctly, and it was not possible to find the 
luggling out/ 

A Nephew of Don Antonio's, a Scholler, a good witty 
and discreet Youth, was the answerer: who having notice 
from his Vncle, of those that were to enter the Roome, it 
was easie for him to answere suddenly, and punctually, to 
their first questions, and to the rest he answered by discreet 
conjectures. 

Moreover, Cid Hamcte sayes, that this marvellous Engine 
lasted for some ten or twelve dayes: but when it was 
divulged up and downe the Citie, that Don Antonio had 
an Enchanted head in his house, that answered to all ques- 
tions; fearing lest it should come to the notice of the waking 
Centinels of our Faith : having acquainted those Inquisitors 
with the businesse, they commanded him to make away with 
it, lest it should scandalize the ignorant Vulgar : but yet in 
Don Quixote and Sancho's opinion the head was still en- 
chanted, and answering : but indeed not altogether so much 
to Sancho's satisfaction. 

The Gallants of the Citie, to please Don Antonio, and for 
Don Quixote's better hospitalitic, and on purpose that his 
madnesse might make the more generall sport, appointed a 
running at the Ring, about a six dayes after, which was 
broken off upon an occasion that after hapned. 

Don Quixote had a minde to waike round about the Citie 

194 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

on foot ; fearing, that if he went on horsebacke, the Boyes CHAPTER 
would persecute him : so he and Sancho, with two servants IXLI 
of Don Antonio's, went a walking. It hapned, that as they The Adven- 
passed throow one street, Don Quixote looked up, and saw S?'^*^^ ^ 
written upon a doore in great Letters, ' Heere are Bookes j^^ ^wi\h 
printed,'* which pleased him wonderously ; for till then he other fUm- 
had never scene any Presse ; and he desired to know the flams that 
manner of it. ^^^ ^ 

In he went, with all his retinue, where hee saw in one ''^*^"^*®"' 
place drawing of sheetes, in another Correcting, in this Com- 
posing, in that mending: Finally, all the Machine that is 
usuall in great Presses. 

Don Quixote came to one of the Boxes, and asked what 
they had in hand there? The Workmen told him: he 
wondred and passed further. To another he came, and 
asked one that was in it, what he was doing ? The work- 
man answered. Sir, This Gentleman you see ; (and he shewed 
him a good comely proper man, and somewhat ancient) hath 
translated an Italian Booke into Spanish; and I am com- 
posing of it heere to be printed. 

What is the name of it (quoth Don Quixote) ? To which 
(said the Author) Sir, it is called Le Bagateley to wit, in 
Spanish, 7^ TrijU: and though it beare but a meane name, 
yet it containes in it many great and substantiall matters. 

I understand a little Italian, said Don Quixote, and dare 
venter upon a Stanza of Ariosto^s: but tell me, Signior 
mine (not that I would examine your skill, but onely for 
curiositie :) have you ever found set downe in all your 
writing, the word Pinnata ? Yes, often quoth the Author : 
and how translate you it ? said Don Quixote. 

How should I translate it, said the Author, but in sajdng, 
Pottage-Pot? Body of me (said Don Quixote) and how 
forward are you in the Italian Idiome? He lay a good 
wager that where the Italian sayes, PiacciCy you translate it, 
^ Please^ and where Pm, you say, ^ more,^ and Suy is ^ above ^ ; 
and Giuy ^ beneath."^ 

Yes indeed doe I, said the Author: for these be their 
proper significations. 

195 



CHAPTER 
LXII 

The Adven- 
ture of the 
Enchanted 
head^ with 
other flim- 
flams that 
must he 
recounted. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

I dare swearc (quoth Don Quixote) you are not knownc to 
the world, which is alwayes backwara in rewarding flourish- 
ing wits, and laudable industry: Oh what a company of 
rare abilities are lost in the world ! What wits cubbed up, 
what vertues contemned : but for all that, mce thinkes this 
translating from one language into another (except it be 
out of the Queenes of Tongues, Greeke and Latine) is just 
like looking upon the wrong side of Arras-Hangings : that 
although the Pictures be scene, yet they are full of threed 
ends, that darken them, and they are not scene with the 
plainenesse and smoothnesse, as on the other side ; and the 
translating out of easie languages, argues neither wit, nor 
elocution, no more then doth the copying from out of one 
paper into another : yet I inferre not from this, that trans- 
lating is not a laudable exercise: for a man may be far 
worse employed, and in things lesse profitable. 

I except amongst Translators our two famous ones : the 
one. Doctor Christoval de Figueroa in his Pastor fidoy and 
the other, Don lohn de Xauregui, in his Amyntas^ where 
they haply leave it doubtfuU, which is the Translation or 
Originall. But tell me, Sir, Print you this Booke upon 
your owne charge, or sell you your licence to some 'Booke- 
oinder ? Vpon mine owne, said the Author, and I thinke 
to get a thousand crownes by it at least, with this first im- 
pression: for there will be two thousand Copies, and they 
will vent at three shillings apiece roundly. 

You understand the matter well, said Don Quixote: it 
seemes you know not the passages of Printers, and the 
correspondencies they have betwixt one and the other: I 

Eiromise you, that when you have two thousand Copies lying 
\y you, youle be so troubled, as passeth ; and the rather, if 
the booke be but a little dull, and not conceited all thorow. 
Why, would you have me (quoth the Author) let a Booke- 
seller nave my Licence, that would give me but a halfe-penny 
a sheete, and that thinkes he doth me a kindnes in it too ? 
I print not my workes to get fame in the world : for I am 
by them well knowne in it, I must have profit ; for without 
that, fame is not worth a rush. 
196 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

God send you good lucke, said Don Quixote; so he passed CHAPTER 
to another Box, where he saw some correcting a sheete of l^l 
a Book, Intituled, The Light of the Soule : and in seeing The Adven- 
it, he said, Such bookes as these (though there be many of ^^i^^?*j 
them) ought to bee imprinted : for there be many sinners, j^^^ ^j^-^j 
and many lights are needfull, for so many be darkned. other flim- 

Hee went on, and saw them correcting another Booke; flams that 
and enquiring the Title, they answered him that it was "*"8t he 
called. The second part of the Ingenious Knight^ Don '®«>"°*«^- 
Quixote de la Manchay made by such a one, an Inhabitant 
of Tordesillas. 

I have notice of this Book, said Don Quixote, and in my 
conscience, I thought before now, it had beene burnt and 
turned to ashes for an idle Pamphlet : but it will not, like 
Hogs, ♦want it's Saint Martin : for your fained Histories *Again8t that 
are so much the more good and delightfull, by how much ^nts day is 
they come neere the truth, or the likenesse of it : and the ®^ searmif. 
true ones are so much the better, by how much the truer ; 
and saying thus, with some shewes of distaste, he left the 
Presse : and that very day Don Antonio purposed to carry 
him to the Gallies, that were in the Wharfe: at which Sancho 
much rejoyced ; for hee had never in his life seene any. 

Don Antonio gave notice to the Generall of the Gallies, 
that in the aftemoone he would bring his ghest, the 

famous Don Quixote de la Mancha, to see them : of 

whom all the Citie by this time had notice. And 

in the next Chapter, what hapned to him, 

shall be declared. 



197 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 



CHAPTER LXIII 



} Of the ill chance that befell Sancho at his seeing 

|; the Gallies, with the strange Adventure 

I; of the Morisca. 




REAT were the Disco iirses that Don 
Quixote framed to himselfe, touching the 
answeres of the Enchanted head, but none 
of them fell into the Imposture, and all 
concluded in the promise, which he lield 
for certaine, of tne dis-enchantment of 
Uulcinea: there his bloud flowed within 
him, and he rejoyced within himselfe, be- 
leeving he should soone see the accomplishment of it : and 
Sancho, though (as hath beene said) he abhorred to be a 
Govemour, yet he desired to beare sway againe, and to bee 
obeyed : for luch is the desire of rule, though it be but 
in jest. 

In conclusion, that aftemoone Don Antonio Moreno their 
Oast, with his two friends, Don Quixote and Sancho, went 
to the Gallies. The Generall, who had notice of their com- 
ming, as soone as they were come neere the Sea side, made 
all the Gallies strike their Tilt-sayles, and the Hoboyes 
sounded, and they lanched a Cock-boat to the water, which 
was all covered with rich clothes, and Cushions of crimson 
Velvet : and just as Don Quixote entred into it, the Admirall 
Gaily discharged her fore-Castle peece ; and the rest of the 
Gallies likewise did the same : and as Don Quixote mounted 
at the right side Ladder, all the fry of the Slaves, as the 
custome is when any man of quality enters the Gaily, cryed, 
' Hu, Hu, Hu,' thnse a-row. 

The Generall, who was a man of qualitie, a Valencian 
Gentleman, gave him hu hand : and being entred, embraced 
198 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

him, saying, This day will I marke with a white stone, for CHAPTER 
one of the best that shall have befalne me in all my life LXUI 
time : having seene Signior Don Quixote de la Mancha : the Of the ill 
time and signes that appeare in him, shewing that all the ?^?°n s*^*l 
worth of a Knight Errant, is contained and summed up in ^^ ^jg J^^ 
him. With the like courteous phrase, reply'd Don Quixote, the Gallies^ 
jocund above measure, to see himselfe so Lord-like treated with the 
withall. strange 

They all went a-Steme, which was very well drest up, and ^c^mISiIciu 
they sate upon the Railes. The Boat-Swaine got him to the 
fore-Castle, and gave warning with his whistle to the Slaves, 
to dis-robe themselves : whicn was done in an instant. 

Sancho that saw so many naked men, was astonisht : and 
the more, when he saw them hoyst up their Tilt so speedily, 
that he thought all the Divels in Hell laboured there. 
Sancho sate upon the Pilots seate, neere the hindermost 
Rower, on the right hand : who being instructed what he 
should doe, laid hold on Sancho: and so lifting him up, 
passed him to another ; and the second to a third : so the 
whole rabble of the slaves, beginning from the right side, 
passed and made him vault from one seat to another so 
violently, that poore Sancho lost his sight; and undoubtedly* 
beleeved, that the Fiends of hell carried him ; and they gave 
him not over, till they had passed him over all the left side 
too, and then set him againe on the Sterne : so the poore 
soulc was sore brused, and bemauled, and scarce imagined 
what had hapned to him. 

Don Quixote, that saw this flight of Sancho^s without 
wings, asked the Generall if those were Ceremonies, that 
were used to such as came newly into the Gallic? for if 
they were, that he who intended not to professe in them, 
liked no such pastime : and he vowed to God, that if any 
came to lay hold on him, to make him tumble, he would 
kicke out his soule: and in so saying, he stood up, and 
grasped his sword. 

At this instant they let downe the Tilt againe, and with a 
terrible noise let fall the Maine-yard, so that Sancho thought 
Heaven was o£r the Hindges, and fell upon his head, which 

199 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER he crouched together, and clapped it for feare betwixt his 

LXni legges. Don Quixote was not altogether as he should be : 

Of the ill for hee began to quake and shrinke up his shoulders, and 

^^"J? c*^*t grew pale. The Slaves hoisted the Maine-yard with the 

at h^ ^^ig ^™^ ^^^y ^^ "^^^^ ^^^^ ^^^y ^^^ formerly strooke it with, 

the Gallies ^^^ all with such silence, as if they had had neither voice 

with the nor breath. The Boate-Swaine made signes to them, to 

strange weigh Anchor: and leaping toward the fore-castle, in the 

Adventure of ^iddest of them, with his whip or Buls-Pizzle, he began to 
the Monsca. /i n .1 • i i j ^ ^ 

ny-nap their shoulders. 

When Sancho saw such a company of Red-feet moove at 
once : for such he ghessed the oares to be, he said to him- 
selfc, I marry, heerc bee things truely enchanted, and not 
those my Master speakes of. What have these unhappy 
soulcs committed, that they are thus lashed ? and how dares 
this fellow that goes whistling up and downe alone, whip so 
many ? Well, I say. This is Hell, or Purgatorie at least. 

Don Quixote, that saw with what attention Sancho beheld 
all that passed, said, Ah, friend Sancho, how speedily, and 
with how little cost might you, if you would, take oft your 
dublet, and clap your sclfe amongst these fellowcs, and make 
an end of dis-enchanting Dulcinca ? For having so many 
companions in misery, you would not be so sensible of paine : 
and besides, it might be, that the sage Merlin might take 
every one of these lashes, being well laid on for ten. 

The Grenerall would have asked what lashes tliosc were, 
and what dis-enchantment of Dulcinea'^s : when a Marriner 
cryed out, Monjuich, makes signes that there is a Vessel], with 
Oares towards the West-side of the Coast. (Which said) 
The Generall leapt upon the fore-Castle, and cryed, Goe to, 
my Hearts, let her not scape: this Boat, that our watch- 
tower discovers, is some Frigot of Argicrs Pirates. 

And now the three other Gallics came to their Admirall, 
to know what they should do. The General commanded 
that two of them should lanch to the Sea : and he with the 
other would goe betwixt Land and Land, that so the vessell 
might not escape them. 

The Slaves rowed hard, and so furiously drave on the 

SOO 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Gallies, as if they had flownc : and those that lanched first CHAPTER 
into the Sea, about a two miles off discovered a VesseU, LXIII 
which in sight they marked to have about a fourteene or Of the ill 
fifteene Oares, as it fell out to be true : which Vessell, when f ^?Jf \^*^ 
she discovered the Gallies, she put her selfe in chase ; hoping ^^^^ geeinir^ 
by her swiftnesse to escape : out it prevailed nothing ; for the Gallies^ 
the Admiral Gaily was one of the swiftest vessels that sayled with the 
in the Sea, and so got of the other, so much, that they in «traiige 
the Frigot plainely saw, that they could not escape ; and so ^ SfJ^^L^ 
the Master of her would have had them forsaken tneir Oares, 
and yeelded, for feare of offending our Generall : but fate 
that would have it otherwise, so disposed the matter, that 
as the Admirall came on so nigh, that they in the Barke 
might heare a cry from the Gaily that they should yeeld : 
two Toraquis, that is, two drunken Turkes, that were in the 
Frigot with twelve others, discharged two Calievers, with 
which they killed two Souldiours, that stood abaft our 
Gaily. Which when our Grenerall saw, he vowed not to 
leave a man a live in the vessell : and comming in great 
fury to grapple with her, shec escaped under the Gallies 
Oares : the Gaily passed forward a pretty way : they in the 
Vessell saw themselves gone, and beganne to set sayle, and 
to fly afresh, as they saw the Gaily comming on them : but 
their industrie did them not so much good, as their pre- 
sumption, hurt: for the Admirall overtaking them within 
one halfe mile, clapped his Oares on the Vessell, and so 
tooke her and every man a live in her. 

By this the two other Gallies came, and all foure returned 
to the Wharfe with their prize, where a world of people 
expected them, desirous to see what they brought : the 
Generall cast Anchor neere Land, and perceived that the 
Vice-Roy of the Citie was on the shore ; he commanded that 
a Cock-boat should be lanched to bring him ; and that they 
should strike the Maine-yard, to hang presently the Master 
of the Frigot, and the rest of the Turkes that they had taken 
in her, which were about six and thirty persons ; all goodly 
men, and most of them Turkish shot. 

The Generall asked, who was Master of the Barke ? and 
4 : CC 801 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER answere was made him by one of the Captives in Spanish, 

LXHI (who appeared after to bee a run-agate Spaniard :) This 

Of the ill Youth you see heere is our Master : and he shewed him one 

S?il*sl'**h ®^ *^® goodliest comely Youths that could be deciphered by 

at his seei^'' humane imagination. 

the Gallies, He was not to see to, above twenty yeeres of age : the 

with the Grenerall asked, Tell me ill-advised Dogge, what raooved 

*^"^® thee to kill my Souldiers, since thou sawest it was impossible 

the^MorisciT ^^ escape? is this the respect due to Admirals? Knowest 

not thou that rashnesse is not valour? Doubtful! hopes 
may make men bold, but not desperate. 

The Master would have replied, but the General could 
not as yet give him the hearing, by reason of his going to 
welcome the Viceroy aboord, who entred now the Gaily with 
some servants of his, and others of the City. 

You have had a pretty chase on \ my Lord Grenerall, said 
the Viceroy. So pretty, said the Generall, that your Excel- 
lency shall see it hanged up at the Maine-yard. How so 
(quoth the Viceroy) ? Why, they have killed mee (said he) 
against all Law of Armes, reason, or customc of ViTarres, 
two of the best Souldiers I had in my Gallies, and I have 
swome to hang them all, especially this youth, the Master 
of the Frigot ; and he shewca him one that had his hands 
bound, and the halter about his necke, expecting his death. 
The Viceroy beheld him, and seeing him so comely, hand- 
some, and so humble withall, his beauty giving him in that 
instant, as it were, a Letter of recommendation, the Viceroy 
had a minde to save him, and therefore asked ; 

Tell me, Master, art thou a Turke borne, or a Moore, or 
a Runn-agate? 

To which the Youth answered him in his owne language, 
Neyther of all. Why, what art thou ? quoth the Viceroy. 
A Christian woman, said the young man. A Woman, and 
a Christian in this habit, in these employments? a thing 
rather to bee wondred at, then beleeved. My Lords, I be- 
seech you quoth the Youth, let my execution be a little 
deferred, whilest I recount my life. What heart so hard 
that would not be softned with that reason, at least to 
202 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

heare the sad and grieved Youth, to tell his story? The CHAPTER 
Grenerall bad him proceed, but that there was no nope for LXIII 
him of pardon for his notorious offence. So the Youth Of the ill 
began in this manner : Of that linage, more unhappy then ^?°i?%*^*l 
wise, on which a Sea of misfortunes in these latter times ^^ ^jg g^nir^ 
have rained, am I, borne of Moriscan Parents, and in the the Gallies^ 
current of their misery, was carried by two of my Vncles into with the 
Barbary ; it nothing availing me to say I was a Christian, ^^^ a 
as I am indeed, and not seeming so, as many of us; but truly ^^MiSscil 
Catholike: but this truth prevailed nothing with the Officers 
that had charge given them to looke to our banishment, 
neyther would my Vncles beleeve I was a Christian, but 
that it was a tricke of mine to stay in my native Country : 
and so rather forcibly, then by my consent, they carried me 
with them. My Mother was a Christian, and my Father 
discreet, and so likewise I sucked the Catholike faith in my 
milke : I was well brought up, and neither in my language 
or fashion, made shew to be a Morisca. With these vertues, 
my beauty (if so be I have any) increased also, and though 
my restraint and retirement was great, yet it was not such, 
but that a young Gentleman, called Don Gaspar Gregorio 
had gotten a sight of me : This Gentleman was sonne and 
heyre to a Knight that lived neere to our towne ; hee saw 
me, and we had some speech ; and seeing himselfe lost to 
me, but I not wonne by him, twere large to tell, especially 
fearing that as I am speaking, this halter must throttle mee : 
yet I say, that Don Gregorio would needs accompany mee in 
my banishment, and so mingling himselfe with Moriscos that 
came out of other places (for he understood the language 
well) in our voyage nee got acquainted with my two Vncles 
that went with me ; for my Father, wisely, when hee heard 
the Edict of our banishment, went out of our towne, and 
went to seeke some place in a forraine Country, where we 
might be entertained; and he left many pearles, precious 
stones, and some money in double Pistolets hidden in a 
secret place (which I onely know of) but he commanded 
me, by no meanes to meddle with it, if we were banished 
before his retume. I did so» and with my Vncles and others 

20S 



CHAPTER 
LXIII 

OftheiU 
chance that 
befell Sancho 
at his seeing 
the Gallies^ 
with the 
strange 
Adventure of 
the Morisca. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

of our kindred, passed into Barbary, and our resting-place 
was Argiers, I might have said, Hell. The King there, had 
notice of my beauty, and likewise that I was rich, which 
partly fell out to be my happinesse. He sent for me, and 
asked me of what part of Spaine I was, and what money 
and jewels I brought ? I told him the place, but that my 
jewels and monies were buried : but that they might easily 
De had, if I might but goe thither for them. All this 
I sayd, hoping his owne Covetousnesse would more blinde 
him then my beauty. 

Whilest we were in this discourse, they told him there 
came one of the goodliest faire Youths with me that could 
be imagined. I thought presently it was Don Gregorio they 
meant, whose comelinesse is not to be paralelFd. It troubled 
mee to thinke in what danger he would be ; for those bar- 
barous Turkes do more esteeme a handsome boy, then a 
woman, be shee never so faire. The King commanded 
straight, that hee should be brought before him, that he 
might see him, and asked me if it were true they said of 
the Youth. I told him Yes (and it seemed Heaven put 
it into my head) but that hee was no man, but a woman 
as I was, and I desired him he would give me leave to 
cloath her in her naturall habit, that her beauty might 
appearc to the full, and that otherwise too, she would be 
too sliamefast before him. Hee bad me doe so, and that 
on the morrow he would give order for my retume to Spaine 
to seeke the hidden Treasure. I spoke with Don Gaspar, 
and told him what danger he had been in by being a man : 
so I clad him like a Moorish woman, and that afternoon 
brought him to the Kings presence, who seeing him, admired 
at her beauty, and thought to reserve him, and to send him 
for a Present to the Grand Signior: and so to avoid the 
danger in his Serraglio of women if he put her there, he 
commanded her to be kept in a house of certain Moorish 
Gentlewomen, whither he was carried. How this troubled 
us both (for I cannot deny that I love him) let them con- 
sider that have been absent from their Loves. The King 
gave order then, that I should come for Spaine in this 

S04 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Frigot, and that these two Turks that killed your Souldiers, CHAPTER 
shuld accompany mee, and this Renegate Spaniard, pointing LXIII 
to him that had first spoken, who I know is in heart a Of the ill 
Christian, and hath a greater desire to reniaine heere, then f^^r'n^Lf^*^! 
to retunie into Barbarie, the rest are Moores and Turkes J^ ^^^ seeinir' 
that onely serve for Rowers. Tlie two covetous and insolent tlie Gallies, 
Turkes, not respecting the order we had, that they should with the 
set me and this runnagate Spaniard on the first shore, in strange 
the habits of Christians (of which we were provided) would ihe Morkc^ 
needs first scowre the coast, and take some prize, if they 
could, fearing that if they first should set us on land, by 
some mischance we might discover the Frigot to be upon 
the coast: so that they might be taken by the Gallies, 
and overnight we descried this wharfe, and not knowing 
of these foure Gallies, we were discovered, and this hath 
befalne us that you have scene. In fine, Don Gregorio 
remaines in his womans habit amongst women, in manifest 
danger of his destruction, and I am heere prisoner, expect- 
ing, or to say truer, fearing the losing of my life, which 
notwithstanding wearies me. This, Sirs, is the conclusion 
of my lamentable History, as true as unfortunate: my 
request is, that I may die a Christian, since (as I have 
said) I am not guilty of that crime into which the rest 
of my Nation have fallen : and with this she broke off, her 
eyes pregnant with teares, which were accompanied with 
many from the standers by also. 

The Viceroy, all tender and compassionate, came to her, 
and undid the Cord that bound the Moores faire hands. 
In the meane time, whilest this Christian Morisca related 
her Storie, an ancient Pilgrim that entred the Gaily, had 
his eyes fastned upon her; and she had no sooner ended 
her discourse, when he cast himselfe at her feet, and em- 
bracing them with interrupted words, sighes, and sobs, said, 
Oh my unfortunate daughter Ana Felix, I am Ricote thy 
Father, that have returned to seeke thee, as not being 
able to live without thee; for thou art my very soule. 
At these words Sancho opened his eyes, and liftecl up his 
head (which he held downe, thinking upon his ill-favoured 

205 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER tossing in the Gaily) and beholding the Pilgrim, knew him 

LXni to be the same Ricote that hee met the same day hee left 

Of the ill his Government, and it appearM she was his daughter, when 

w\*?^Q^*k being unbound, she embraced her Father, mingling her teares 

at hissedug ^^* ^^^' T*^^" ^'^ ^^ ^° ^^^ General and Viceroy, This, 

i theOallies^ ^Y Lords, is my daughter, more unhappy in her successe, 

with the then in her name, as famous for beauty, as I for wealth. 

strange I left my Country, to finde a resting-place in some strange 

' the^Mo^c& Country, and having found one in Germany, returned in this 

Pilgrimes weed in company of other Grennanes to seeke my 

daughter, and to dig out my hidden treasure, but found not 

i her, and the treasure I bring with me, and now by strange 

chance have lighted on my greatest treasure, that is, my 

beloved daughter : if so be our small offence, and her teares 

^ and mine together, with the integrity of your lustice, may 

open the gates of mercy, sliew it us, that never had so much 
as a thought once to offend you, nor conspired with those 
of our owne linage who were justly banished. Then said 
Sancho, I know liicotc well, and know all is true he saith, 
I concerning that Ana Felix is his daughter, but for other 

f flim-flams, whether he had a good or bad intention, I inter- 

meddle not. 

The by-standers wondring all at this accident, the Generall 
^ said. Well, your teares will not let me accomplish my vow : 

I live, faire Ana Felix, as long as Heaven will give thee 

' leave, and let those rash slaves die that committed the fault : 

so he commanded that the two Turkes that had killed his 
i( two Souldicrs, should presently be hanged upon the maine 

Yarde : but the Vice-roy desired him earnestly not to hang 
I ^ them, since they had shewed more madnesse then valour. 

^ ' The Generall condescended, for revenge is not good in cold 

[ ' bloud ; and straight they contrived how to get Don Gregorio 

free. Ricote ofiered two thousand Ducats hee had in Pearles 
F and lewcls towards it : Many meanes were thought on, but 

I none so good, as that of the Renegado Spaniard that was 

I mentioned, who ofiered to returne to Argiers in some small 

I Barke, onely with some sixe Christian Oares; for he knew 

where, how, and when he might dis*embarkc himselfe, and the 
S06 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

house also where Dod Caspar was. The General! and Vice- CHAPTER 
roy were in some doubt of him, or to trust him with the LXIll 
Christians that should row with him. But Ana Felix under- Of the ill 
tooke for him, and Ricote offered to ransome the Christians ^f"ji"s!''"J, 
if they were taken. And being agreed, the Vice-roy went ^t j,ig Beeiiig 
ashore, and Don Antonio Moreno carried the Morisca and the Gallien, 
her Father with him, the Vice-roy etroyning him to use them etc. 
as well as possibly he might, and onered him the command 
of any thing in his house toward it. Such was the 
charity and benevolence that the beauty of 
Ana Felix had infused into his brest. 



CHAPTER LXIV 

Of an Adventure that most perplext Don Quixote, 
of any that hitherto hefell him. 

=i|HE History sayes, that Don Antonio 
Morenos wife took great delight to see 
Ana Felix in her house : shee welcommed 
her most kindely, enamoured as well on 
her goodnesse, as beauty and discretion ; 
for in all, the Morisca was exquisite, and 
all the City came (as if by a warning 
belt) to see her. Don Quixote told Don 
Antonio, that they tooke a wrong course for the freeing of 
Don Gregorio, which was more dangerous then convenient, 
and that it had heene better, that he were set on shore 
in Barbary with his Horse and Amies; for that he would 
deliver him in spight of the whole Moorisme there, as Don 
Gayferos had done his Spouse Melisendra. 

Looke you, Sir, said Sancho, when he heard this, Don 
Gayferos brought his Spouse through firme Land, and so 
carried her into France; but here, though wee should 

207 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER deliver Don Gregorio, we have no meanes to bring him 

LXIV into Spaine, the Sea being betwixt us and home. 
OfanAdven- There is a remedy for every thing but Death, said Don 
ture that most Quixote; for tis but having a Barke ready at the Sea side, 
O X T^ of*" ^"^ ^^ spite of all the world we may embarke our selves. 
any that ^^^ ^^e prettily facilitate the matter, said Sancho, but 

hitherto tis one thing to say, and another to doe: and I like the 

l>efell him. Runnagate, for me thinkes he is a good honest plaine fellow. 

Don Antonio said, that if the Runnagate performed not the 
businesse, that then the Grand Don Quixote should passe 
over into Barbary. Some two daies after, the Runnagate 
embarkt in a little boat with six oares on a side, manned 
with lusty tall fellowes, and two daies after that, the GraUies 
were Eastward bound ; the Grenerall having requested the 
Viceroy, that he would be pleased to let him know the suc- 
cesse of Don Gregorio'*s liberty, and likewise of Ana Felix. 
The Viceroy promised to fulfill his request. 

And Don Quixote going out one morning to take the ayre 
upon the wharfe, armed at all points ; for as he often used 
to say, his Armes were his ornaments, and to skirmish his 
delight, and so he was never without them ; hee saw a 
Knight come toward him, armed from top to toe, carry- 
ing upon his shield a bright shining Moone painted, who 
comming within distance of hearing, directing his voyce to 
Don Quixote aloud, said, Famous Knight, and never suffi- 
ciently extolled Don Quixote de la Mancha, I am the Knight 
of the white Moone, whose renowned deeds perhaps thou 
hast heard of: I am come to combat with thee, and by 
force of Armes to make thee know and confesse, that my 
Mistresse, be she whom she will, is without comparison 
fairer then thy Dulcinea del Toboso; which truth if thou 
plainly confesse, thou shalt save thy life, and me a labour 
in taking it : and if thou fight, and that I vanquish thee, 
all the satisfaction I will have, is, that thou forsake thy 
Armes, and leave seeking Adventures, and retire thy selie 
to thy home for the space of one whole yeere, where thou 
shalt live peaceable and quietly, without laying hand to 
thy sword, which befits thy estate, and also thy soules 
208 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

health: and if thou vanquish me, my head shall be at CHAPTER 
thy mercy, and the spoyles of my Horse and Armour LXIV 
shall be thine, and also the fame of my exploits shall OfanAdven- 
passe from mee to thee: Consider what is best to be done, *»«« that most 
and answer me quickly, for I have onely this daies respite ^J^^^ ^f " 
to dispatch this businesse. any that 

Don Quixote was astonisht and in suspence, as well at hitherto 
the Knight of the white Moone his arrogance, as the cause ^^U I"™* 
of it, for which he challenged him, ana so with a quiet 
and staled demeanor answered him ; 

Knight of the white Moone, whose exploits hitherto I 
have not heard of, I dare sweare thou never sawest the 
famous Dulcinea ; for if thou hadst, I know thou wouldst 
not have entred into this demand: for her sight would 
have confirmed, that there neyther hath beene, nor can be 
a beauty to be compared with hers : and therefore not to 
say you lye, but that you erre in your proposition, I accept 
of your challenge, witn the aforesaid conditions ; and strait, 
because your limited day shall not passe, and I onely except 
against one of your conditions, which is, that the fame of 
your exploits passe to me, for I know not what kinde of 
ones yours be, and I am content with mine owne such as 
they be : begin you then your Carreere when you will, and I 
will doe the like, and Grod and S. Greorge. 

The Viceroy had notice of this, and thought it had been 
some new Adventure plotted by Don Antonio Moreno, or 
some other Gentleman : and so out of the City he went 
with Don Antonio, and many other Gentlemen that accom- 
panied him to the wharfc, just as Don Quixote was turning 
Kosinantes reincs to take up as much ground as was fit for 
him. When the Vice-roy saw in both of them signes to 
encounter, he put himselfc betwixt them, and asked what 
was the cause of their single combat. The Knight of the 
white Moone answered him, that it was about a precedency 
in beauty, and briefly repeated what hee had formerly done 
to Don Quixote, together with the conditions accepted by 
both parties. 

The Vice-roy came to Don Antonio, and asked him in 

4 : DD 209 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER his eare, if he knew that Knight of the white Moone, or if 

LXIV it were some tricke they meant to put upon Don Quixote ? 
OfanAdven- Don Antonio made answer, that he neyther knew the 
ture that most Knight, or whether the Combat were in jest or earnest 
TCrplext Don rp^g answer made the Vice-roy doubt whether he should 
any^at ^^^ them proceed to the Combat ; out being perswaded that it 

hitherto could not be but a jest, hee removed, saying ; Sir Knights, if 

befell him. there be no remedy but to confesse or dye, and that Signior 

Don Quixote be obstinate, and you Knight of the whiteMoone, 
more so then he, God have mercy on you, and too ^t. 

The Knight of the white-Moone most courteously thanked 
the Vice-roy for the licence he gave them, and Don Quixote 
too did the like; who heartily recommending himselfe to 
heaven, and his Mistris Dulcinea (as he used upon all such 
occasions) he turned about to begin his Careere, as his enemy 
had done, and without Trumpets sound, or of any other war- 
like instrument that might give them signall for the onset : 
they both of them set spurres to their Horses, and the Knight 
of the white-Moones being the swifter, met Don Quixote ere 
hee had ranne a quarter of his Careere so forcibly (without 
touching him with his Lance, for it seemed he carried it 
aloft on purpose) that he tumbled horse and man both to 
the ground, and Don Quixote had a terrible fall : so he got 
straight on the top of him ; and clapping his Lances point 
upon his Visor, said. You are vanquished. Knight, and a dead 
man, if you confesse not, according to the conditions of our 
combate. Don Quixote all bruised and amazed, without 
heaving up his Visor, as if he had spoken out of a toombe, 
with a faint and weake voice, said, Dulcinea del Toboso is 
the fairest woman in the world, and I the unfortunatest 
Knight on earth ; and it is not fit that my weaknes defraud 
this truth : thrust your Lance into me, Kniglit, and kill mee, 
since you have bereaved me of my honour. Not so truely, 
quoth he of the white- Moone, let the fame of my Lady 
Dulcinea^s beauty live in her entirenesse : I am onely con- 
tented that the Grand Don Quixote retire home for a yeere, 
or til such time as I please, as we agreed, before we began 
the battell. 
810 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

All this, the Vice-Roy with Don Antonio and many others CHAPTER 
standing by heard ; and Don Quixote answered, that so no- LXIV 
thing were required of him in prejudice of his Lady Dulcinea, Of an Adven- 
hee would accomplish all the rest, like a true and punctuall ture that most 

Knight. gSoteof" 

This Confession ended, the Knight of the white-Moone any that 
turned his Horse, and making a low obeysance on horseback hitherto 
to the Vice-Roy, he rode a fidse gallop into the Citie. The ^®fell l>ini« 
Vice-Roy willea Don Antonio to follow him, and to know by 
all meanes who he was. 

Don Quixote was lifted up, and they discovered his face, 
and found him discoloured ana in a cold sweat. Rosinante 
out of pure hard handling, could not as yet stirrc. 

Sancno all sad and sorrowfull knew not what to doe or say, 
and all that had hapned, to him seemed but a dreame : and 
all that Machine, a matter of Enchantment: he saw his 
Master was vanquished, and bound not to take Armes for 
a yeere. Now he thought the light of his glory was eclipsed, 
the hopes of his late promises were undone, and parted as 
smoke with winde; he feared lest Rosinante's bones were 
broken, and his Masters out of joynt : Finally, in a Chaire, 
which the Vice -Roy commanded to be brought, he was 
carried to the Citie, whither the Vice-Roy too returned, 
desirous to know who the Knight of the White- 
Moone was, that had left Don Quixote 
in so bad a taking. 



Sll 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXV 

Who the Knight of the White-Moone was, with 
Don Gregorio's Hbertie, and other passages. 

jnON ANTONIO MORENO followed the 
Knight of the White-MooDe, and many 
Hoyes too followed and persecuted him, 
til he got him to his Inne into the Citie. 
Don Antonio cntred, desirous to know 
liim ; and hee had Iiis Squire to un-arme 
hiin : he shut himselfe in a lower roome, 
and Doll Antonio with him, who stood 
upon Thomes, till he knew who he was. 

Hee of the White-Moone, seeing then that the Gentleman 
would not leave tiim, said, I well know. Sir, wherefore you 
come, aiid to know who I am ; and since there is no reason 
tu deny you this, I will tell you, whirst my man is un-arming 
mee, the truth without erring a jot. Know, Sir, that I am 
stilcd tile Bachelor Samson Carrasco, and am one of Don 
Quixotes town : whose wildc madnes hath mooved as many 
of us as know him to compassion; and me amongst the rest 
most: and belcuving that the hest meanes to procure his 
health, is to keep him quiet, and so to have him in his own 
house I thought upon this device : aiid so about a three 
moneths since, I met him upon the way, calling my selfe by 
the name of the Knight of the Looking-glasses, with a pur- 
pose to tight with him, and vanquish him, without doing him 
any hurt ; and making this the condition of our combatc, 
that the vancjuished, should be left to the discretion of the 
vanquisher : and that which I would injoyne him (for I held 
him already conquered) was, that he should retume home, 
and not abroad againc in a whole yeere ; in which time be 
might haply have oeene cured : but Fortune would have it 
otherwise ; for he vanquished me, and un-horsed me, and so 
SIS 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

my project tooke no effect : he went on his way, and I re- CHAPTER 
turned, conquered, ashamed, and bruised with my fall, that ^^^ 
was very dangerous : but for all that, I had still a desire ^o the 
to finde him againe, and to conquer him, as now you have ^SJ? Vj 

S^*^®* ^ ^ ^ was, with Don 

And hee being so punctuall, in observing the orders of Gregorio's 

Knight Errantry, will doubtlessc keepc his promise made libertie, 

to mee. *"^ ^^^ 

This, Sir, is all I can tell you, and I beseech you conceale P**®**^ 
me from Don Quixote, that my desires may take effect ; and 
that the man who hath otherwise a good understanding, may 
recover it if his madnesse leave him. 

Oh, Sir, said Don Antonio, God forgive you the wrong 
you doe the whole world, in seeking to recover the pleasantest 
mad man in the world. 

Perceive you not, that this recovery caimot bee so much 
worth, as the delight that his fopperies cause ? but I imagine. 
Sir Bachelor, that all your Art will not make a man so irre- 
coverably mad, wise againe : and if it were not uncharitable, 
I would say. Never may he recover: for in his health wee 
lose not onely his owne conceits, but Sancho Pansa his 
Squires too, each of which would tume melancholy it selfe 
into mirth : for all that, I will hold my peace, I will say 
nothing, and see whether I ghesse right, that Signior Car- 
rasco^s paines will be to no purpose. Who answered, that 
as yet the businesse was brought to a good passe, and he 
hoped for a happy successe: and so offering Don Antonio 
his service hee tooke leave of him. And causing his Armor 
to be packed upon a great hee Mule, at the instant he got 
himselfe upon the Horse, with which hee entred the Lists ; 
and the same day he went out of the Citie homeward, where 
by the way nothing hapned to him, worth the relating in 
this true Historic. 

Don Antonio told the Vice-Roy all that Carrasco said ; at 
which he received not much content, for in Don Quixotes 
retirement, was theirs also that ever had notice of his mad 
prankes. 

Sixe dayes was Don Quixote in his bed, all muddy, sad 

S13 



i 



CHAPTER 
LXV 

\VTio the 
Knight of the 
White-Mooiie 
was^ with Dou 
Gregorio's 
libertie, 
and other 
passages. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

and sorrowful!, and wayward, descanting in his thoughts 
upon his ill fortune to be vanquished. Sancho comforted 
him, and amongst other reasons, told him, Signior mine, 
cheere up, be lively, if you can, give Heaven thankes, that 
though you came with a tumbling cast to the ground, yet 
you have never a rib broken ; and since you know that sweet 
meat must have sowre sawce, and that there is not alwayes 
good cheere, where there is a smoking Chimney, cry, A fig 
for the Physician, since you need not his help in this disease. 
Let^s home to our houses, and leave looking after these 
Adventures thorow Countreys and places wee know not : and 
if you consider it well, I am heere the greatest loser, though 
you be in the worst pickle. 

I, though when I left to be a Governour, left also my 
desires that way ; yet left not my desire of being an Earle, 
which will never be effected, if you leave to be a King, by 
leaving the exercise of Chivalrie, and so my hopes are like 
to vanish into smoke. 

Peace, Sanclio, said Don Quixote, my retirement shall be 
but for a yeere, and then He straight to my honourable 
profession a^ine, and I shall not want a Kingdome for 
my selfe, and some Earledome for thee. 

God grant it, said Sancho, and let sinne be deafe : for I 
have alwayes heard, that a good hope is better then a bad 
possession. In this discourse they were, when as Don An- 
tonio entrcd, with shewcs of great content, saying. My re- 
ward, Signior Don Quixote, for the newes I bring ; for Don 
Gregorio and the runagate Spaniard with him, are upon the 
Wliarfe : the Wharfe ? quotn I. In the Vice-Royes house, 
and will be here presently. 

Don Quixote was somewhat revived, and said, Truely, I 
was about to have said, I would it had beene otherwise, that 
I might have gone into Barbary, and with the strength and 
vigour of this Arme, not onely have given liberty to Don 
Gregorio, but to all the Christian captives in Barbary. 

But what say I, wretch that I am ? Am not I vanquished ? 
Am not I overthrowne ? Am not I hee that must not touch 
Armes this twelve moneths ? What then do I promising ? 

814 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Why doe I praise my selfe, since it were fitter for mee to CHAPTER 
use a distafie than a sword? No more of that, Sir, said ^^^ 
Sancho : a man is a man, though he have but a hose on ^Vho the 
his head. To day for thee, and to morrow for me: and I^^5^*|^^**** 
for these thumps and encounters there is no heed to be ^as* with Don 
taken : for he that falls to day, may rise to morrow, except Gr^orio's 
it be that he meane to lye a-bed ; I meane, to dismay and liberties 
not take heart to fresh skirmishes : and therefore raise you "^^ ®*^®' 
your selfe now, to welcome Don Gregorio : for mee thinkes, P®^**^^ 
the people of the house are in an uprore, and by this hee is 
come : and he said true ; for Don Gregorio having given the 
Vice-Roy account of his going and comming, desirous to see 
Ana Felix, he came with the run-agate to Don Antonio's 
house : and though Don Gregorio, when they brought him 
out of Argiers, were in a womans habit ; yet by the way in 
the Boate hee changed it with a Captive, that came with 
him : but in whatsoever habit he had beene in, hee would 
have seemed a personage, worthy to be coveted, sought after, 
and served: for he was extraordinary comely, and about 
some seventeene or eighteene yeeres oi age. Kicote and his 
Daughter went out to welcome him ; the Father with teares, 
and the Daughter with honesty. 

They did not embrace each other ; for where there is love, 
there is never much loosenesse. 

The two joynt beauties of Don Gregorio, and Ana Felix 
astonished all the by-standers. 

Silence there spoke for the two Lovers, and their eyes were 
tongues, that discovered their joyfull, but honest thoughts : 
the run-agate told them the meanes and slight hee had used 
to get Don Gregorio away. Don Gregorio told his dangers 
and straites he was put to, amongst the women with whom 
hee remained, not in tedious manner, but with much brcvitie ; 
where hee shewed that his discretion "wsls above his yeeres. 

Finally, Kicote paid and royally satisfied as well the nm- 
agate, as those that had rowed with him. The run-agate 
was reduc't and re-incorporated with the Church, and of a 
rotten member, became cleane and sound, by penance and 
repentance. 

215 



CHAPTER 
LXV 

Who the 
Knight of the 
White-Moone 
was, with Don 
Gregorio's 
libertie, 
and other 
passages. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Some two dayes after, the Vice-Roy treated with Don 
Antonio about meanes, that Kicote and his Daughter mi^ht 
remaine in Spaine ; thinking it to be no inconvenience, that 
so Christianly a Father and Daughter should remaine, and 
to see too so well intentionated. 

Don Antonio offered to negotiate it amongst other busi- 
nesse, for which hee was to goe to the Court of necessitie, 
letting them know, that there by favour and bribes many 
difficult matters are ended. 

There is no trust in favors or bribes, said Bicote then 
present; for with the Grand Don Bernardino de Velasco, 
Countc Salazar, to whom his Majesty hath ^ven in charge 
our expulsion, neyther entreaties, promises, bribes or com- 

Eassion can prevaile : for though true it be, that he mixeth 
is justice with mercy, yet because he sees, that the whole 
body of our Nation is putrid and contaminated, he useth 
rather Cauterizing that bumes it, then oyntment that Softens 
it : and so with prudence, skill, diligence, and terror, he hath 
borne upon his strong shoulders, and brought to due execu- 
tion, the waight of this great Machine ; our industries, tricks, 
slights and frauds, not being able to blinde his watchfull eyes 
of Argus, which wake continually : to the end that none of 
ours may remaine ; that like a hidden roote, may in time 
sprout up, and scatter venemous fruit throughout all Spaine, 
now clensed, and free from the feare, into which their multi- 
tude put her (a heroike resolution of the Grand Philip the 
third, and unheard of wisedome, to have committed it to 
Don Bernardino de Velasco). 

Well, when I come thither said Don Antonio, I will use 
the best meanes I can, and let Heaven dispose what shall bee 
fittest. Don Gregorio shall goe with me, to comfort the 
affliction of his parents for his absence ; Ana Felix shal stay 
with my wife heere, or in a Monastery : and I know the Vice- 
roy will bee glad to have honest Ricote stay with him, till 
he sees how I can negotiate. 

The Vice-roy yeelded to all that was proposed : but Don 
Gregorio knowing what passed, said, that by no meanes he 
could or would leave Ana Felix : but intending to see his 

216 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

friends, and to contrive how he might returne for her, at CHAPTER 
length he ^^reed. Ana Felix remained with Don Aiitonio''8 ^^^ 
wife, and Ricote in the Vice-roy his house. Who the 

The time came that Don Antonio was to depart, and Don «S'?'''iu^ **** 
Quixote and Sancho, which was some two dayes after, for ^^^ with D^ 
Don Quixotes fall would not suffer him to travell sooner. Grworio's 
When Don Gregorio parted from Ana Felix, all was tearea, libertie, 
swouning, sighs and sobs. Ricote offred Don Gregorio a imd other 
1000 crownes: but he refused them, and borrowed onely F"""™" 
five of Don Antonio, to pay him at the Court againc : witn 
this they both departed, and Don Quixote and Sancho 
next (as hath beene said) Don Quixote dis-armcd, 
and Sancho on foote, because Dapple was 
laden with the Armour. 



CHAPTER LXVl 

That treats of what the Reader shall see, and hee 
that hearkens heare. 

S they went out of Barselona, Don Quixote 
beheld the place where he had his fall, 
and said. Hie Trmajuit, here was my 
ill fortune, and not my cowardize, that 
bereaved mec of my former gotten glory : 
here Fortune used her turnes, and re- 
tumes with me : heere my exploits were 
darlcncd, and finally, my fortune fell, 
never to rise againe. Which Sancho hearing, said, Signior 
mine, ^s as proper to great spirits to be patient in adver- 
sitie, as jocund in prosperity, and this I take irom my sclfe : 
for if when I my selfe being a Groveraour was merry ; now 
that I am a poore Squire on foot, I am not sad For I 
have heard say, that she you call up and downe Fortune, 
is a drunken longing woman, and withall blinde, and so 
* : EE 217 




THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER shee sees not what she doth; neither knowes whom she 

LXVI casts downe, or whom she raiseth up. 

That treats Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, thou art very Philosophical! : 

of what the thou speak^st marvellous wisely, I know not who hath taught 

that hearkens ^^^^ thing as Fortune; neither doe things that happen in 
heare. it, good or evill, fall out by chance, but by the piuiicular 

providence of heaven : hence "'tis said, That every man 
IS the Artificer of his own Fortune, which I have beene 
of mine, but not with the discretion that might have 
beene fitting, and so my rashnes hath been requited : for I 
might have thought that it was not possible for Rosin- 
antes weaknesse, to have resisted the powerfull greatnesse 
of the Knight of the white-Moones Horse. In fine, I was 
hardy, I did what I could : downe I came ; and though I 
lost my honour, yet I lost not, nor can lose my vertue, 
to accomplish my promise. When I was a Knight Errant, 
bold and valiant, with my workes and hands I ennobled 
my deedes: and now that I am a foot Squire, I will 
credit my workes, with the accomplishment of my promise : 
log on then, Sancho, and let us get home there to passe 
the yeere of our Probationership : in which retirednesse, 
we will recover new vertue, to returnc to the never-forgotten 
exercise of Armes. 

Sir, said Sancho, Tis no great pleasure to travell great 
journeys on foot: let us leave your Armour hanged up 
upon some tree, in stead of a hanged man : and then I 
may ^t upon Dapple, and ride as fast as you will: for 
to thmke that I will walke great journeys on foote, is but 
a folly. 

Thou hast said well, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote : hang 
up my Armes, for a Trophy ; and at the bottome, or about 
them we will carve in the Trees, that which in the Trophy 
of Roldans was written. 

Let none these moove^ 
That his Valour will not 
With Roldan proove. 

All this (me thinks, said Sancho) is precious: and if it 
818 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

were not that we should want Rosinante by the way, "'twere CHAPTER 
excellent good hanging him up. LXVI 

Well, neither he, nor the Armour, quoth Don Quixote, That treats 
shall be hanged up, that it may not be said. So a good of what the 
servant, an unsratefull Master. Reader shall 

You say marvellous well, quoth Sancho: for according that hearkens 
to the opinion of wise men, the fault of the Asse must heare. 
not bee layd upon the pack-saddle : and since in this last 
businesse you your selfe were in fault, punish your selfe, 
and let not your fury burst upon the hacked and bloudy 
Armour, or the mildnesse of Rosinante, or the tendemes 
of my feet, making me walke more then is fitting. 

All that day and foure more they passed in these reasons 
and discourses : and the fift after, as they entred a towne, 
they saw a great many of people at an Inne dore, that 
by reason of the heat were there shading themselves. 

When Don Quixote approched, a Husbandman cried aloud. 
Some of these Gentlemen, that know not the parties, shall 
decide the businesse of our wager. That will I (said Don 
Quixote) with all uprightnesse, if I may understand it. 
Well, good sir, said .the Husbandman, this is the matter ; 
Hcere^s one dwells in this towne so fatte, that he weighes 
eleven ♦Arrobcs, and hee challenged another to run with *Arroba, 
him that weighes but five : the wager was to runne one S?"*^"*j®^ 
hundred paces with equall waight, and the Challenger ^^JS^ 
beeing asked how they should make equall waight, said. 
That the other that weighed but five Arrolies, should carry 
sixc of Iron, and so they should both weigh eciually. 

No, no, said Sancho, before Don Quixote could answer. 
It concemes mee (that not long since left being a Grovemour 
and a ludge as aJl the world knowes) to decioe doubts, and 
to sentence this businesse. Answer on Grods name, friend 
Sancho (said Don Quixote) for I am not in the humor to 
play at boyes-play, since I am so troubled and tormented 
in minde. 

With this licence, Sancho said to the Husbandmen that 
were gaping round about him, expecting his sentence, 
Brothers, the fat mans demand is unreasonable, and hath 

819 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER no appearance of equity; for if hee that is challenged 
LXVI may choose his weapons, the other ought not to chuse 
That treats such as may make his contrary unweylay and unable to 
^f what die be Victor: and therefore my opinion is, that the fat Chal- 
^Md^h^ ^^^S^^ ^^ pickc, and cleanse, and with-draw, and pollish, 
thathearkeuB ^"^ nibble, and pull away sixe Arrobes of his flesh, some- 
heare. where or other trom his body (as he thinkes best) and so 

having but five remaining, hee will be made equall with 
his opposite, and so they may runne upon equall termes. 

I vow by me, said the Husbandman that heard Sancho^s 
sentence, this Gentleman hath spoken blessedly, and sen- 
tenced like a Canon : but I warrant, the fieit man will not 
lose an ounce of his flesh, much lesse sixe Arrobes. 

The best is, said another, not to runne, that the leane 

man straine not himselfe with too much waight, nor the 

fat man dis -flesh himselfe, and let halfe the wager be 

spent in wine, and let us carry these Grentlemen to the 

*A ffood wish, Taveme that hath the *best, and give me the cloke when 

as if hee it raines. 

^^H^^^th ^ thanke you Sir, said Don Quixote; but I cannot stay 
burden liirht ^ J^^ ' ^^^ ^V ^^ thoughts make mee seeme unmannerly, 
upon him. and travell more then ordinarily. And so spurring Rosin- 
ante, he passed forward, leaving them to admire and note, 
as well his strange shape as his mans discretion ; for, such 
they judged Sancho. And another of the Husbandmen 
said ; If the man be so wise, what think ye of the Master ? 
I hold a wager, that if they went to study at Salamanca, 
they would be made ludges of the Court in a trice, for all 
is foppery to your studying : study hard, and with a little 
favour and good lucke, when a man least thinkes of it, hee 
shall have a Rod of lustice in his hand, or a Miter upon 
his head. 

That night the Master and man passed in the open field : 
and the next day being upon their way, they saw a footman 
comming towards them with a paire of Wallets about his 
necke, and a lavelin or Dart in his hand, just like a footman, 
who comming neere Don Quixote, mended his pace, and be- 
ginning to runne, came and tooke him by the right thigh ; 
S20 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

for hee could reach no higher, and said witli a great deale of C'HAPTER 
gladnesse ; Oh my Signior Don Quixote de la M ancha, and LXVI 
now glad my Lord Duke will be, when he knowes you will That treats 
return to his Castle! for he is there still with my Lady ?/^?**V*®ii 

I know you not, friend, said Don Quixote, who you are, that hearkens 
except you tell me. heare. 

I, Si^ior Don Quixote, said the foot-man, am Tosilos 
the DuKes Lackey, that would not fight with your Worship 
about the marriage of Donna Rodriguez daughter. 

God defend me, said Don Quixote, and is it possible ? and 
are you he, into whom the Enchanters my enemies trans- 
formed my contrary, to defraud me of the honour of that 
combat ? 

Peace, Sir, quoth the Letter foote-post, there was no En- 
chantment, nor changing of my face, I was as much Tosilos 
the Lcu^key, when I went into the Lists, as when I came out : I 
thought to hav(^ married without fighting, because I liked 
the wench well ; but it fell out otherwise. My Lord Duke 
caused me to be well banged, because I did not according as 
I was instructed before the battell was to begin : and the 
Conclusion is, the wench is turned Nun, and Donna Rodri- 
guez is gone backe againe into Castile, and I am going now 
to Barselona to carry a packet of Letters to the Vice-roy 
which my Lord sends him : and if it please you to drinke a 
sup (though it be hot, yet pure) I have a little Gourd heere 
full of the best wine, with some slices of excellent cheese, 
that shall serve for a pi'ovoker and Alarum to thirst if it 
be asleepe. 

I see the Vy, said Sancho, and set the rest of your 
courtesie, and therefore skinke, honest Tosilos, in spight of 
all the Enchanters in the Indies. 

Well, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, thou art the onely 
Glutton in the world, and the onely Asse alive, since thou 
canst not bee perswaded that this foote-man is Enchanted, 
and this Tosilos counterfait; stay thou with him and fill 
thy selfe, I ffo on faire and softly before, and expect thee. 

The Lackey laughed, and unsheathed his bottle, and 

2S1 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER drawing out his bread and cheese, hee and Sancho sate upon 

LXVI the greene grasse, and like good fellowes they cast Anchor 

That treats upon all the Wallets provant so hungrily, that all being 

of what the gone, they licked the very Letter-packet because it smelt of 

Reader 8hall %' ^ J i^ 

see and hee ^"*^**^* 

that hearkens Tosilos said to Sancho; Doubtlesse thy Master, friend 

heare. Sancho, is a very mad-man. Hee owes no man nothing in 

that kinde, said Sancho ; for if the money he were to pay, 

be in raadnesse, he hath enough to pay all men. I see it 

well enough, and tell him of it, but tis to no purpose; 

for hee is now even past recovery, since hee hath Deene 

vanquished by the Knight of the white Moone. Tosilos 

desired him to tell him what had befalne him : but Sancho 

answered, it was a discourtesie to let his Master stay for 

him, but at some other time when they met, he should 

know : and so rising up after he had well dusted himselfe, 

and shaked the crums from his beard, he caught hold 

of Dapple before, and crying farewell, left Tosilos, 

ana overtook his Master that stayed for him 

under the shade of a tree. 



222 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER LXVII 

Of the resolution Don Quixote had to tume 

Shepheard. and to leade a Country life, whilest 

the promise for his yeere was expired, with 

other accidents, truely good, and 




nlP Don Quixote were much troubled in 
minde before his fall, he was eo much 
more after it : Hee stood shading him- 
selfe under the tree (as you heard) and 
there his thoughts set upon him, as flies 
upon hony ; some tending to the dis- 
enchantment of Dulcinea, others to the 
life that he meant to lead in the time 
of his forced retirement. 

Sancho now drew neere, and extolled the liberality of 
Tosilos. 

Is it pos^ble, Sancho, said Don Quixote, that still thou 
thinkest that that was a true Lackey, and that thou hast 
forgotten too that Dulcinea was converted and transformed 
into a Country wench, and the Knight of the Looking- 
glasses, into the Bachelor Samson Carnisco : all these by the 
doings of Enchanters my enemies that persecute me ? But 
tell me now, didst thou ask that Tosilos, what became 
of Altisidora ? did she lament my absence, or hath she 
foi^ten her amorous passions, that when I was present 
troubled her P 

I never thought on 't (said Sancho) neyther had I leysure 
to aske after such fooleries. Body of me, Sir, you are now 
in a humour of asking after oUier folkes thoughts, and 
amorous ones too. 

Look thee, Sancho, there is a great deale of difFerenoe 



CHAPTER 
LXVII 

Of the resolu- 
tion Don 
Quixote had 
to tume 
Shepheard, 
and to leade 
a Country 
life^ etc. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

betwixt love and gratefulnesse ; it may well be that a 
Grentleman may not be amorous : but it cannot be (speaking 
in all rigour) that he should be ungrateful : Altisidora in 
likelihood loved me very well, she gave me the three night- 
caps thou wotest of, she cried at my departure, cursed mee, 
reviled mee, and without modesty railed publikely, all signes 
that she adored me ; for the anger of lovers often ends in 
maledictions. I could give her no comfort, nor no treasure, 
all I have being dedicated to Dulcinea, and the treasure of 
Knights Errant is like that of Fairies, false and apparent 
oncly, and all I can doe, is but to remember her, ana this I 
may doe without prejudice to Dulcinea, whom thou wrongest 
with thy slacknesse in whipping thy selfe, and in chastising 
that flesh of thine, that I wish I might see devoured by 
wolves, that had rather preserve it selfe for wormes, then for 
the remedy of that poore Lady. 

Sir, said Sancho, if you will have the truth, I cannot 
perswade my selfe that the lashing of my posteriors can 
have any reference to the dis-enchanting of the Enchanted, 
which is as much as if you should say. If your head grieve 
you, anoint your knees, at least, I dare sweare, that in as 
many histories as you have read of Knight Errantry, you 
never saw whipping dis-enchant any body : but howsoever, I 
will take it when I am in the humour, and when time serves 
He chastise my selfe. 

God grant thou dost, said Don Quixote, and heaven give 
thee grace to fall into the reckoning and obligation thou 
hast to help my I^dy, who is thy Lady too, since thou art 
mine. 

With this discourse they held on their way, till they came 
just to the place where the Bulls had over-runne them : and 
Don Quixote called it to minde, and said to Sancho ; In this 
field we met the brave shepheardesses, and the lusty swaines, 
that would here have imitated and renued the PastoraU 
Arcadia : an invention as strange as witty ; in imitation of 
which, if thou thinkest fit, Sancho, wee will tume Shepheards 
for the time that wee are to live retired : lie buy sheepe, and 
all things fit for our pastorall vocation, and calling my selfe 

S24 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

by the name of the Shepheard Quixotiz, and thou the Shep- CHAPTER 
heard Pansino, we will walke up and downe the Hills, thorow LXVII 
Woods and Meadowes, singing and versifying, and drinking Of the resolu- 
the liquid Christall of the fountaines, sometimes out of the ^" ^\ad 
cleere springs, and then out of the swift running rivers; The Jotume 
Oakes shall afford us plentifully of their most sweet fruit, Shepheard, 
and the bodies of hardest Corke-trees shall be our seates, and to leade 
the willowes shall give us shade, the roses their perfume, a^ountry 
and the wide medowes carpets of a thousand nourished ' 
colours : the Ayre shall give us a free and pure breath : the 
M oone and Starrcs in spight of Nights darkenesse shall give 
us light, our songs shall afford us delight, and our wailing, 
mirth, Apollo, verses, and Love-conceits, with which we may 
be eternalized and famous, not onely in this present age, but 
ages to come also. By ten, quoth Sancho, tnis kinde of life 
is very sutable to my desires, and I beleeve the Bachelor 
Samson, and Master Nicholas the Barber will no sooner have 
scene it, but they will turn shepheards with us : and pray 
God the Vicar have not a minde to enter into the sheep-coat 
too, for he is a merry Lad and jolly. Thou hast saia very 
wcl, Sancho, said Don Quixote, and the Bachelor Samson 
Carrasco, if so be he enter the Pastorall lap (as doubtlesse 
he will) may call himselfe the shepheard Samsonino, or 
Carrascon. Mr. Nicholas may call himselfe Niculoso, as the 
ancient *Boscan called himselfe, Nemoroso. I know not ^Alluding to 
what name wee shuld bestow upon the Vicar, except it were ^^ ^^^ 
some derivative from his own, calling him the shepheard y9^!f^^ 
Curiambro. The shepheardesses on whom we must be 
enamoured, we may chuse their names as amongst Peares : 
and since my Ladies name serves as well for a shepheardesse 
as for a IMncesse, I need not trouble my selfe to get her 
another better, give thou thine what name thou wilt. 

Mine, said Sancho, shall have no other name but Teresona, 
which will fit her fatnesse well, and it is taken from her 
Christian name, which is Teresa, and the rather I celebrat- 
ing her in my verses, doe discover my chaste thoughts, since 
I seeke not in other mens houses better bread then is made 
of wheat: "'twere not fit that the Vicar had his shepheardesse, 

4:FF SS6 



CHAPTER 
LXVII 

Of the resolu- 
tion Don 
Quixote had 
to turiie 
Shepheard^ 
and to leade 
a Country 
life^ etc. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

to give good example, but if the Bachelor will have any, tis 
in his owne free choice. 

Lord blcsse me, Sancho, said Don Quixote, and what a 
life shall we have on ''t ? what a world of home-pipes, and 
Zamora bag pipes shall we iieare ? what Tabouring shall we 
have P what jangling of bells and playing on the Rebccke ? 
and if to these different musikes we have the Albogue too, 
we shall have all kinde of pastoral instruments. 

What is Albogue (quoth Sancho)? It is, said Don 
Quixote, a certaine plate made like a Candlesticke, and 
being hollow, gives, if not a very pleasing or harmonious 
sound, yet it displeaseth not altogether, and agrees well 
with the rusticke Tabor and bag-pipe ; and this word 
Albogive is Moorish, as all those in our Castilian tongue are, 
that begin with Al^ to wit, Abnoasa, AhnorzaVy Alhombra, 
Alffiiazily Alujcena^ Ahnazeii^ Akancia and the like, with 
some few more ; and our language hath onely three Moorish 
words that end in 7, which are Borcegui^ Zaguifamiy and 
Maravedi: Alheli and Alfaqui are as well known to be 
Arabicke by their beginning with Al^as their ending in /. 

This I have told thee by the way, the word Albogue 
having brought it into my head, and one maine helpe wee 
shall have for the perfection of this calling, that I, thou 
knowest, am somewhat Poeticall, and the Bachelor Samson 
Carrasco is a most exquisit one ; for the Vicar I say nothing, 
but I lay a wager he nath his smacke, and so hath Master 
Nicolas too : for all these, or the most of them play upon a 
Guittem, and are Rimers. I will complainc of absence : thou 
shalt praise thy selfe for a Constant Lover, the shepheard 
Carrascon shall mourn for being disdainM, and let the Vicar 
Curiambro do what he pleaseth, and so there is no more to 
be desired. 

To which (said Sancho) Sir, I am so unlucky, that I feare 
I shal not see tlie day, in which I may see my selfe in that 
happy life : oh what neat spoones shall I make when I am 
shepheard ! what hodge-potches and creame ! what garlands 
and other pastorall trumperies ! that though they get me not 
a fame of being wise, yet they shall, that I am witty. My 

226 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

little daughter Sanchica shall bring our dinner to the flocke: CHAPTER 
but soft, she is handsome, and you have shepheards more LXVII 
knaves then fooles, and I would not have her come for wooU, Of the resolu- 
and retume shome : and your loose desires are as incident to ^^ ^^\ j 
the fields as to Cities, and as well in shepheards Cotages, as to^turn^ 
Princes Palaces, and the cause being removed, the sin will be Shepheard, 
saved, and the heart dreames not of what the eye sees not, and to leade 
and better a fair paire of heels, then die at the gallows. * Country 

No more Proverbs, Sancho, (said Don Quixote) since each *"®' ®*^ 
of these is enough to make us know thy meaning, and I have 
often advised thee, not to be so prodigall of thy Proverbs, 
but more sparing: but ^tis in vaine to bid thee; for the 
more thou flj*t bid, the more thou wilt doe it. Mee thinkes. 
Sir, said Sancho, you are like what is said, that the Frying- 
pan said to the Kettle, Avant, blacke-browes; you reprehend 
me for speaking of Proverbs, and you thred up yours by two 
and two. 

Look you, Sancho, quoth Don Quixote, I use mine to 

Eurpose, and when I speake them, they fitte as well as a 
ttle rii^ to the finger : but thou bringest in thine so by 
head and shoulders, lliat thou rather draggest then guidest 
them: and if I forget not, I told thee heretofore, that 
Proverbs are briefe sentences, drawnc from the experience 
and speculation of our Ancient Sages, and a Proverbe ill 
applied, is rather a foppery then a sentence : but leave we 
this now ; and'sincc night comes on us, let^s retire a little 
out of the high-way, where we will passe this night, and 
God knowes what may befall us to morrow. So they 
retired, and made a short supper, much against Sancho^s 
will, who now began to thinke of the hard life of Knight 
Errantry in Woods and Mountaines, especially calling to 
his remembrance, the Castles and houses as well of Don 
Diego de Miranda, and where the rich Camacho'^s manage 
was, and likewise Don Antonio Moreno^s: but he considered 
with himselfe, that nothing could last ever : and so 
he slept away the rest of that night, which 
his Master passed watcliing. 

227 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXVIII 

Of the Bristled Adventure that befell 
Don Quixote. 

^jlHE night was somewhat darke, though the 
Mood were up, but she was obscured ; 
for sometimes my Lady Diana goes to 
walke with the Antipodes, and leaves 
the Mountaines blacke, and the Vallies 
dEirkened. Don Quixote complide with 
Nature, having slept his first sleepe, he 
broke off his second, contrary to Sancho, 
for his lasted from night till morning : a signe of his good 
complexion, and few cares. These kept Don Quixote waking 
in such sort, that he awakened Sancho, and said to him ; 

I wonder, Sancho, at thy tree condition : I imagine thou 
art made of Marble, or of hard Brasse, which neither 
mooves, or hath any feeling. I wake, when thou sleepest; 
I weepe, when thou singest ; I am ready to faint with fast- 
ing, when thou art lazy, and unweildy with pure cramming 
in : 'twere the part of good servants, to have a fellow-feeling 
of their Masters griefcs, if it were but for decency : behold 
this nights brightness, and the solitude we are in, which 
invites us to intermingle some watching with sleepe: rise 
by thy life, and get thee a little apart, and with a good 
courage and thankcfull cheere, give thy selfe three or foure 
hundreth lashes upon account, for Dulcinea's dis-ench anting : 
and this I intreat of thee ; for I will not now, as heretofore, 
come to handy-gripes with thee ; for I know, thou hast 
shrewd Clutches : and after thou hast done, we will passe 
the rest of the night; I, chanting my absence, and thou 
thy constancy, beginning from henceforward our Fastorall 
exereise, which we are to keep in our Village. 

Sir, said Sancho, I am of no Religious order, that I should 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

rise out of the middest of my sleepe to discipline my selfe ; CHAPTER 

neither doe I thinke it possible, that from the paine of my LXVIII 

whipping, I may proceede to M usick. Pray, Sir, let mee Of the 

sleepe, and doe not presse me so to this whipping ; for you Bustled 

wil make me vow never to touch so much as a hayre of my that^befSl 

coat, much lesse of my flesh. O hard heart 1 on ungodly d^q Quixote. 

Squire ! oh ill given bread, and favours ill placed which I 

bestowed, and thought to have more and more conferred 

upon thee: by me thou wast a Grovemour, and from me 

thou wast in good possibilitie of being an Earle, or bavins 

some sequivaJent Title, and the accomplishment should 

not have failed, when this our yeere should end : for I post 

ienebrcts spero lucem, I understand not that, said Sancho, 

only I know that whilest I am sleeping, I neither feare nor 

hope, have neither paine nor pleasure: and well fare him 

that invented sleepe, a cloke that covers all humane thoughts; 

the foode that slakes hunger; the water that quencheth 

thirst; and the fire that warmeth cold; the cold that 

tempers heate ; and finally a currant coine, with which all 

things are bought, a ballance and weight that equals the 

King to the Shepheard ; the foole to the wiseman : onely one 

thing (as I have heard) sleepe hath ill, which is, that it is 

like death, in that betweene a man asleepe, and a dead man, 

there is little difference. 

I have never, Sancho, said Don Quixote, heard thee speake 
more elegantly then now : whereby I perceive, the Proverbe 
thou often usest is true ; You may know the man, by the 
conversation he keepes. Gods me. Master mine, I am not 
onely hee now that threeds on Proverbs: and they come 
freer from you (me thinkes) and betwixt yours and mine, 
there is this onely difference, that yours are fitly applyed, 
and mine unseasonably. 

In this discourse they were, when they perceived a deafe 
noise thorow all the Valleys. Don Quixote stood up, and 
laid hand to his sword, and Sancho squatted under Dapple, 
and clapt the bundle of Armour, and his Asses Pack-saadle 
on each side of him, as fearefull, as his Master was out- 
ragious : still the noyse encreast, and drew neerer the two 

SS9 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER timorous persons (at least one) for the others valour is suffi- 

LXVni ciently knowne. 
Of the The Businesse was, that certaine fellowes drave some sixe 

Bristled hundreth Swine to a Fayre to sell, with whom they travelled 

that^^felf ^y ^^Sf^^ i *^^ *^® noise they made, with their grunting and 
Don Quixote, squeaking was so great, that it deafed Don Quixotes and 

Sancho's eares, that never marked what it might be. It fell 
out, that the goodly grunting Herd were all in a troope 
together, and without respect to Don Quixote or Sancho'^s 
person, they trampled over them both, spoiling Sancho^s 
Trenches, and overthrowing not onely Don Quixote, but 
Rosinante also : the fury of the sudden comming of these 
uncleane beasts, made a confusion, and laid on ground 
the pack-saddle. Armour, Rosinante, Sancho, and Don 
Quixote. Sancho rose as well as he could, and desired his 
Masters sword, telling him, he would kill halfe a doozen of 
those unmannerly Hogs, for now he knew them to be sa 

Don Quixote said. Let them alone, friend, for this affront 
is a penalty for my fault, and a just punishment it is from 
Heaven, that Dogs and Wasps eate a vanquisht Knight 
Errant, and that Swine trample over him. 

And it is a punishment of Heaven too, belike, said Sancho, 
that Flyes doe bite the Squires of vanquished Knights, that 
Lice eate them, and hunger close with them. 

If we Squires were sonnes or neere Kinsmen to the Knights 
we serve, 'twere not much wee were partakers with them, 
even to the fourth generation : but what have the Pansa^s to 
do with the Quixotes ? 

Well: yet let'^s goe fit our selves againe, and sleepe the 
rest of the night, and 'twill be day, and we shall have oetter 
lucke. 

Sleep thou, Sancho, said Don Quixote, for thou wast 
borne to sleepe, and I was borne to wake : betwixt this and 
day-breake, I will give reines to my thoughts, and vent them 
out in some Madrigall, that without thy knowledge I com- 
posed this night. 

Me thinkcs, said Sancho, that thoughts that give way to 
Verses are not very troublesome : and therefore versifie you 

230 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

as much as you list, and He sleepe as much as I can : and so CHAPTER 
taking up as much of the ground as he would, he crowched LXVIII 
up together, and slept liberally : Debts, nor suretiship, nor Of the 
any other affliction disturbing him. Aa*^^^ 

Don Quixote leaning to the body of a Beech or Cork- thatTefSl 
tree (for Cid Hamete Benengeli distinguisheth not what Don Quixote, 
tree it was) to the Musick of his owne sighes, sung as 
foUoweth : 'Love, when I thinke,' etc. Each of which Verses 
were accompanied with many sighs, and not few teares, fit 
for a vanquisht Knight, and one who had his heart pierc^t 
thorow with griefe, and tormented with the absence of his 
Dulcinea. 

Now day came on, and Sir Sol with his beames playd in 
Sancho's eyes ; who awoke, and lazed himselfe, shaking and 
stretching out his lither limbs, he beheld the havock the 
Swine had made in his Sumpterie, and he cursed and re- 
cursed the Herd. 

Finally, both ^of them returned to their commenced joumy ; 
and toward Sun-set, they saw some ten Horse-men comming 
toward them, and foure or five foot-men. Don Quixote 
was agast at heart, and Sancho shivered, for the troope 
drew neerer to them, who had their Speares and Shields all 
in warlike array. 

Don Quixote turned to Sancho, and said, If, Sancho, it 
were lawfull for me to exercise Armes, and that my promise 
had not bound my hands, I should thinke this were an 
Adventure of Cake-bread : but perhaps it may bee other- 
wise then wee thinke for. 

By this the Horse-men came, and lifting up their Lances, 
without a word speaking, they compassed in Don Quixote 
before and behinae; one of the foot-men threatening him 
with death, and clapping his finger to his mouth, in signe 
hee should not cry out ; and so he laid hold on Rosinante'^s 
bridle, and led him out of the way : and the rest of the 
foot-men catching Sancho^s Dapple, all of them most silently 
followed after those that carrira Don Quixote ; who twice or 
thrice would have asked, whither they carried him, and what 
they would with him ? but he no sooner began to move his 

SSI 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER lips, when they were ready to close them with their Lances 
LXVni points : and the same hapned to Sancho, when one of the 
Of the toot-men pricked him with a Goad, he offering but to speake, 

Bn8tled g^jj J Dapple they punched too, as if he would have spoken : 

thau'efiill ^^ ^^^ beganne to grow darke, so they mended their pace : 
Don Quixote, the two prisoners feares encreased ; especially when they 

might heare that sometimes they were cryed out on. On, 
on, ye Troclodites, peace, ye barbarous Slaves : Revenge, ye 
Anthropophagi : complainc not, ye Scythians ; open not your 
eyes, ye murderous Polyphemans, ye Butcherous Lyons, and 
other such names as these, with which they tormented the 
eares of the lamentable Knight and Squire. 

Sancho said within himselfe, *We Tortelites ? We Barbers 
*Sancho8 Slaves ? we Popingeyes ? we little Bitches to whom they cry, 
mistakes. Hist, Hist : I doe not like these names, this winde winnowes 

no come, all our ill comes together, like a whip to a Dogge: 
and I would to God tliis Adventure might end no worse. 

Don Quixote was embesePd : neither in all his discourse 
could he finde, what reprochfuU names those should be, that 
were put upon him, whereby hec plainely perceived there was 
no good to be hoped for ; but on the contrary much evill. 

Within an hourc of night they came to the Castle : which 
Don Quixote well perceived to be the Dukes, where but 
awhile before they liad beene. 

Now God defend (said he) as soone as hee knew the place : 
what have we heere ? Why, in this house, all is courtesie 
and good usage : but for the vanquished, all goes from good 
to bad, and from bad, to worse. 
They cntred the chiefe Court of the Castle, and they saw 
it so dressed and ordered, that their admiration in- 
creased, and their feare re-doubled ; as you shall 
see in the following Chapter. 



232 







HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTfiR LXIX 

Of the newest and strangest Adventure, that in 

all the course of this History befell 

Don Quixote. 

rtlHE Horsemen all alighted, and the footmen 
taking Don Quixote and Saocho forcibly 
in their Armes, they set them in the 
Court, where round about were burning 
a hundreth Torches in their Vessels of 
purpose ; and about the Turrets above 
tire hundreth lights; so that in spight 
of darke night, they might there see day. 
In the midst of the Court there was a Hearse raised some 
two yards from the ground, covered with a Cloth of State of 
blacke Velvet, and round about it there burned a hundred 
Virgin Waxe Candles in silver Candlestickes ; on the top of 
it there lay a faire Damozeil, that shewed to be dead, that 
with her beauty made death her selfe seeme faire : her head 
was Itiid upon a PUIow-beare of Cloth of gold, crowned with 
a Garland, woven with divers odoriferous Flowers : her hands 
were crossed upon her brest, and betwixt them was a bough 
of flourishing yellow Palme. 

On one side of the Court there was a kinde of Theater set 
up, and two Personages in their Chaires, who with their 
crownes on their heads, and Scepters in their hands, seemed 
to be eyther reall or fained Kings: at the side of this 
Theater where they went up by steps, there were two other 
Chayres, where they that Drought the prisoners, set Don 
Quixote and Sancho, and all this with silence and signes to 
them that they should bee silent too : but without that they 
held their peace: for the admiration of what they there 
saw, tyed toeir tongues: After this two other principall 
4:GG 233 



CHAPTER 
LXIX 

Of the newest 
and strangest 
Adventure^ 
that in all 
the course of 
this History 
befell Don 
Quixote. 



*WhichI 
likewise omit 
as being 
basely made 
on purpose^ 
and so not 
worth the 
translation* 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Personages came up, whom Don Quixote straight knew to 
be the Duke and Duchesse, his Oast and Oastcsse, who sate 
downe in two rich Chaires, neere the two seeming Kings. 
Whom would not this admire ? especially having seene that 
the body upon the Hearse, was the faire Altisidora ? When 
the Duke and Duchesse mounted, Don Quixote and Sancho 
bowed to them, and the Dukes did the like, nodding their 
heads a little : and now an Officer entred athwart them, and 
comming to Sancho, clapt a Coat of blacke Buckram on him, 
all painted with flames of fire : and taking his Cap oif, hee 
set a Miter on his head, just such a one as the Inquisition 
causes to be set upon Hcretikes, and bade him in his eare, 
he should not unsowe his lips, for they would clap a gagge 
in his mouth, or kill him. 

Sancho beheld himselfe all over, and saw himselfe burning 
in flames : but since they burned not indeed, he cared not a 
rush for them : he tooke off his Miter, and saw it painted 
with Divcls : he put it on againe, and said within himselfe. 
Well yet, neither the one bumes me, nor the others carry 
me away. 

Don Quixote beheld him also, and though feare suspended 
his scnces, he could not but laugh at Sancho^s Picture : and 
now from under the Herse there seemed to sound, a low and 
pleasing sound of Flutes; which being un-intemipted by any 
mans voice (for there it seemed Silence selfe kept Silence) 
was soft and amorous. 

Straight there appeared suddenly on the Pillow of the 
Hearse, a Carkcise of a goodly Youth, clad like a Romane, 
wlio to the sound of a Harpe himselfe playd on, with a most 
sweet and clcere voice, sung these two Stanza^s following.* 
Enough said one of the two, that seemed to be Kings: 
Enough, divine singer : for it were to proceede in infinUumj 
to paint unto us the misfortunes and graces of the peerelesse 
Altisidora, not dead, as the simple world surmiseth ; but 
living in the tongues of Fame, and in the penance that 
Sancho is to passe, to retume her to the lost sight: and 
therefore thou, oh Radamanthus, that judgest with mee in 
the darksome Caves of Dis, since thou knowest all that is 

234 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

determining in the inscrutable Fates, touching the restoring CHAPTER 
of this Dfiunozel, tell and declare it forthwith, that the hap- LXIX 
pinesse we expect from her retume, may not be deferred. Of the newest 

Scarce had ludge Minos said this, when Radamanthus ¥\^ strangest 
standing up, said, Goe too, Mmisters of this house, high thaUnalf' 
and low, great and smedl, come one after another, and the course of 
seale Sancho^s Chin with foure and twenty tuckes, twelve this History 
pinches, and with pins pricke his armcs and buttocks sixe Jif ^?^^ ^^ 
times, in which Altisidora'^s heedth consists. Quixote. 

When Sancho Pansa heard this, he broke off silence, and 
said, I vow, you shall as soone tucke me, or handle my face, 
as make me tume Moore. Body of me, what hath the 
handling my face to doe with this Damozels resurrection ? 
The old Woman tasted the Spinagc, etc. Dulcinea is 
enchanted, and I must be whippea to dis-cnchant her: 
Altisidora dyes of some sicknesse it pleased God to send 
her ; and her raising must bee with foure and twenty tuckes 
given me, and with grinding my body with pins thrusts, 
and pinching my armes blackc and blue: away with your 
tricks to some other, I am an old Dogge, and there ^s no 
histing to me. 

Thou dyest, quoth Radamanthus alowd: relent, thou 
TVger, humble thy selfe proud Nembroth, suffer and be 
silent, since no impossibilities are required of thee; and 
stand not upon difficulties in this businesse : thou shalt be 
tuckt, and see thy selfe grinded, thou shalt grone with 
pinching. Goe too, I say. Ministers, fulfill my command ; if 
not, as I am honest man, you shall rue the time that ever 
you were borne. 

Now there came thorow the Court, sixe like old Wait- 
ing-women, one after another in Procession ; foure with 
Spectacles, and all with their right hands lifted aloft, with 
foure fingers breadths of their wrists discovered, to make 
their hands seeme larger (as the fashion is.) 

No sooner had Sancho scene them, when bellowing like a 
Bull, he said. Well might I suffer all the world else to 
handle me, but that Waiting-women touch mee, I will never 
consent: Let um Cat -scratch my face, as my Master was 

935 



CHAPTER 
LXIX 

Of the newest 
and strangest 
Adventure, 
that in all 
the course of 
this History 
befell Don 
Quixote. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

served in this Castle: let um thrust me thorow with Bodkin- 
pointed Daggers : let um pull off my flesh with hote burn- 
ing Pincers, and I will beare it patiently, and serve these 
Nobles : but that Waiting- women touch me, let the Divell 
take me, I will not consent. 

Don Quixote then interrupted him, saying. Have patience 
soonc, and pleajse these Lordings, and thanke God, that hee 
hath given such vertue to thy person, that with the martjrr- 
domc of it thou mayst dis-enchant the Enchanted, and raise 
up the dead. 

And now the Waiting-women drew neere Sancho; who 
being wonne and perswaded, settled in his Chaire, offered 
his face and chin to the first that came, who gave him a 
well-sealed tuck, and so made him a curtsie. Lesse curtsie, 
and lesse slabber-sauces, good Mistris Mumpsimus, quoth 
Sancho : for, I protest your hands smell of Vineger. 

At length all the Waiting-women sealed him, and others 
pinched him : but that which hee could not suffer, was the 
Pins pricking ; and therefore he rose out of his Chaire very 
moody, and laying hold of a lighted Torch that was neere 
him, he ran after the women, and his Executioners, saying, 
Avant, infemall Ministers, for I am not mcuie of Brasse, not 
to be sensible of such extraordinary martyrdome. 

By this Altisidora that was weary with lying so long 
upon her backc, turned on one side: which when the by- 
standers saw, all of them cryed out joyntly, Altisidora Uves, 
Altisidora lives. 

Radamantus commanded Sancho to lay aside his choUer, 
since now his intent was obtained. 

And as Don Quixote saw Altisidora stirre, he went to 
kneele downe to Sancho, saying, Sonne of my entrailes : Tis 
now high time, that thou give thy sclfe some of the lashes to 
which thou art obliged, for the dis-enchanting of Dulcinea. 

Now, I say, is the time, wherein thy vertue may be 
seasoned, and thou mayst with efficacie effect the good that 
is expected from thee. 

To which (quoth Sancho) Heida: this is sowre upon 
sowre : ^twere good after these pinchings, Tucks and Pms- 

236 



i 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

S lickings, that lashes should follow ; there ^s no more to be CHAPTER 
one, but even take a good stone, and tye it to my necke, LXIX 
and cast me into a Well: for which I should not grieve Of the newest 
much ; if so bee that to cure other folkes ills, I must be the ^^ strangest 
Pack-horse : let mee alone, if not, I shall marrc all ; and now t^ J[^j^ ]Jif ' 
Altisidora sate up in the Hersc, and the Hoboyes, accom- the course of 
panied with Flutes and Voyces, began to sound, and all cryed this History 
out, Live Altisidora, Altisidora five. The Dukes rose up, hefell Don 
and with them Minos and Radamanthus, and all together Q*"*®*®* 
with Don Quixote and Sancho went to receive Altisidora, 
and to helpe her out of the Herse, who faining a kinde of 
dismaying, bowed downe to her Lords, and to the two Kings, 
and looking askonce on Don Quixote, said; Grod p€uxlon 
thee, discourteous Knight, since by thy cruelty I have re- 
mained in another world, methinkes at least these thousand 
yeeres, and thee I thanke, the most compassionate Squire in 
the world, I thanke thee for the life I possesse : and now 
dispose of sixe of my smockes, which I give thee to make 
sixe shirts ; and if they be not all whole, yet they are cleane 
at least. 

Sancho kissed her hands with his Miter off, and his knees 

on the ground, and the Duke commanded they should return 

him his cap, and in stead of his gowne with the flames, they 

should retume him his Gaberdine. Sancho desired the Duke 

that they would leave him both, which he would carry into 

his Country, in memory of that un-heard-of successe. The 

Duchesse answered, they should, and that he knew how much 

she was his friend. The Duke commanded all to avoid 

the Court, and to retire to their lodgings, and that 

Don Quixote and Sancho should be carried 

to theirs they knew of old. 



SS7 



M 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXX 

Of divers rare things, which serve for the better 
illustration and cleering of this History. 

nlANCIIO slept that night upon a Quilt and 
in Don Quixote's owne chamber, which he 
would faine have avoydcd, had it beene in 
his povrer ; for he knew full well, that his 
Maiiter would hardly let him sleepe all 
night, by reason of the many questions he 
would demand of him, to which he must 
of necessity make answer. Now was hee 
in no good humour to talke much; for hee felt yet the 
smart of his forc-passod torments, which were an hindrance 
to liis tongue. And without doubt, he would rather have 
layne alone in any poore Shed, then with company in that 
goodly house ; so true was his feare, and so certaine his doubt, 
as he was scarce laid in his bed, but his Master began this 
discourse unto him. 

Sanclio, what thinkest thou of this nights successe P 
Ncedes must a man confessc, that great and powerful! is the 
force of disdainc, since as thou thv selfe hast seene with 
thine owne eyes, Altisidora had surely died, and that by no 
other arrowcs, nor by any other sword, nor other instrumait 
of warrc, no, nor by the force of povson, but by the appre- 
hension of the churlish rigor, and the disdaine wherewith I 
have ever used her. 

She might (answered Sancho) have died in good time, and 
at her clioice and pleasure, so she would have let me alone 
in mine owne house, since I was never the cause that shee 
became a Lover, nor did I ever in all my life scome or di»-. 
daine her. But I wot not, nor can I imagine how it may 
be that the health or welfare of Altisidora, a Gentlewoman 
more fantasticall then discreet, hath any reflection (as I 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

have said heerctofore) upon the afflictions of Sancho Pansa. CHAPTER 
Now I plainely and distinctly perceive, that there be both LXX 
Enchanters and Enchantments in the world, from whom Of divers rare 
God deliver me, since I cannot well deliver my selfe from *l>inK8> which 
them. And therewithall I entreat you to let mee sleepe, better ?Uu8-^ 
and except you wil have me throw my selfe out of a window, tration anil 
aske me no more questions. cleering of 

Sleepe, my friend Sancho (replied Don Quixote) unlesse ^^ History, 
the nipping scofFes and bitter frumps which thou hast 
received, will not permit thee so to doe. 

There is no griefe (answered Sancho) comparable unto the 
affront of scoffing frumps, and so much the more sensible am 
I of such affronts, as that I have received them by olde 
women ; a mischiefe take them : I beseech you once more 
that you will suffer me to sleepe, since that sleepe is an 
easing of all miseries. Be it as thou sayest, quoth Don 
Quixote, and God accompanic thee. 

So they both fell a-sieepe, and whilest they slept, Cid 
Hamete, Author of this great History, would needs write 
and relate, why the Duke and the Duchessc had caused this 
monument to bee built, and invented all that you have 
seene above. 

He writes then, that the Bachelor Samson Carrasco, having 
not forgotten what had hapned unto him, at what time, 
under the name of the Knight of the Looking-glasses, he was 
vanquished and overthrown by Don Quixote : and there- 
withall how all his designes and purposes were vanished into 
smoake ; yet neverthelesse would he (hoping for better 
successe) attempt the combat againe : Therefore is it, that 
being informed by the Page who brought the Letter, and 
with it the Present unto Teresa Pansa, the wife of Sancho, 
from the place where Don Quixote made his residence, he 
recovered new Armes and a Horse. 

Then caused he the white Moone to be painted in his 
shield : A Mulet carried all this equipage, and a Lob or 
Swaine led the same, and not Thomas Ceciall his ancient 
Elsquire, for feare hee should be known of Sancho and Don 
Quixote. 

839 



CHAPTER 
LXX 

Of divers nure 
things^ which 
serve for the 
better illus- 
tration and 
cleering of 
this History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

He SO well bestirred himselfe in his joumies, that at last 
hee cdme to the Dukes Castle, who taught him the waj or 
tract that Don Quixote had taken, and how he had a great 
desire to be present at the Tiltings and Tumaments of 
Saragosa. He likewise related unto him the gullings or 
gudgeons that hee had given him, with the invention of 
Dulcinea^s dis-enchantment, which should be accomplished 
at the charges of Sancho^s buttocks. In summe, he under- 
stood from him the fob or jest that Sancho had used 
toward his Master, in making him beleeve that Dulcinea 
was Enchanted and transformed into a Country LAsse, and 
how the Duchesse his wife had given Sancho to understand, 
that himselfe was the man that deceived himselfe, for so 
much as Dulcinea was verily Enchanted. 

The Bachelor could not containe himselfe from laughing, 
and therewithall to be amazed, considering the quaint sub- 
tilty, and plaine simplicity of Sancho, equml unto the extreme 
folly of Don Quixote. The ,Duke desired him, that if hee 
met with him, and eyther vanquished him or not, he would 
be pleased to come that way againe, to the end hee might 
advertise him of it. 

The Bachelor promised him to doe it, and so tooke his 
leave of the Duke, to goe and see whether hee could finde 
Don Quixote. He found him not at Saragosa, but went 
further, and then befell him what you have already heard. 

He came afterward to the Dukes Castle, and there made 
report of all, together with the conditions of the combat* 
Hee moreover told them, that Don Quixote came againe to 
accomplish, as a perfect Knight Errant, the promise which 
hee had made, to retire himselfe to his owne Village, and 
there to abide the full space of one full yeere. And that 
during the said time, it might peradventure be brought 
to passe (said the Bachelor) that he might be cured of 
his folly. That he never had other intention, and that 
for this onely cause he had thus disguised himselfe; for, 
it was great pitty that a Grentleman, so well skilled and 
versed in all things as Don Quixote was, should become 
a foole. 

%40 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

With that he tooke leave of the Duke, and went to his CHAPTER 
Burrough, where he staid for Don Quixote, who was com- LXX 
ming after him. Whereupon the Duke tooke occasion to Of divers rare 
put this tricke upon him ; for, he tooke a wondrous pleasure ^^^^y ^^^ 
of what succeeded unto Sancho and Don Quixote: and better Slu»-* 
therefore hee caused all the approches and hiffh-waies tration and 
about his Castle to be layd and watched, especially where deeriiijg^ of 
he imagined our Knight might come. Ana for tne said *!"* History, 
cause, he placed divers of his servants, as well on foot 
as on horse-backe, to the end that if they met with him, 
willed hee, or nilled hee, they should bring him to the 
Castle. 

Now it fortuned that they met with him, and forthwith 
they gave the Duke knowledge of it, who was already re- 
solved what he would doe. As soone then as he knew 
of his comming, he caused all the torches and lights that 
were in the Court to be lighted, and Altisidora to bee placed 
upon the Tombe with all the preparation that you have 
scene before ; and that so lively represented, as one would 
have found very little difference betweene the truth, and 
that which was counterfeit. 

Cid Hamete goeth yet further; for he saith, That he 
assuredly beleeveth, that the mockers were as foolish as the 
mocked : and that there wanted not two inches of the 
Dukes and Duchesses utter privation of common under- 
standing, since they tooke so much paines to mocke two 
fooles, whereof the one was then sound asleepe ; and the 
other broad awake, transported with his raving and ranging 
thoughts. 

In the meane time the day surprized them, and they 
desired to rise ; for the sluggisn featners were never pleasing 
unto Don Quixote, were he conquered or conqueror. 

Altisidora, who, as Don Quixote supposed, being risen 
from death to life, conforming her selfe to her Master and 
Mistresses humour, being crowned with the very same gar- 
land which she had in the tombe; attired in a loose gowne 
of white Taffata, all beset with flowers of gold : her haire 
loose, and dangling down her shoulders, leaning upon a 

4 : HH 241 



CHAPTER 
LXX 

Of diven rare 
things, which 
serve for the 
better illus- 
tration and 
deering of 
this History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

staffe of fine Ebony wood ; shee entred into Don Quixote^s 
chamber, who so soone as he saw her, was so amazed and 
confounded at her presence, as he shrunke downe into his 
bed, all covered witn the clothes, and hid with the sheetes 
and counterpoint, that hee neither spake word, nor used 
any manner of gesture towards her, as might witnesse that 
he desired to shew her any courtesie. 

Altisidora sat downe m a chayre, which was neere unto 
Don Quixote^s head, and after fetching a deepe deepe sigh, 
with a low, sweet, and milde voyce, she thus bespake him : 

Sir Don Quixote, whensoever women of qualibr, or maidens 
of discretion trample their honor under tneir ^t, and give 
their tongue free liberty and scope to exceed the bounos of 
conveniency or modesty, publishmg the secrets lurking in 
their hearts, they then snail finde themselves brought to 
extreme misery and distresse. 

Now am I one of those, pressed, vanquished, and also 
enamoured: All which notwithstanding I suffer patiently, 
and continue honest. So that having beene so too much, 
silence was the cause that my soule went out of my body, 
and I lost my life. It is now two dales since, that the con- 
sideration and remembrance of the rigor, which thou (oh 
more stony-minded then any marble, and inexorable Knight, 
so to reject my plaints) which you have used towards me, 
brought me to my lives end, or at least I have beene deemed 
and taken for dead by all those that saw me. Ahd had it 
not beene, that Love, who taking pity of me, deposed my 
recovery among the grievous torments of this gooa Esquire, 
I should for ever have remained in the other world. Love 
miffht well depose it (replycd Sancho) in those of my Asse, 
and I would have beene very glad of it. But teU me, I 
pray you good Damozell, even as Heaven may provide you 
of another more kind-loving-Lover then my Master, what is 
it that you have seene in the other world ? What is there 
in Hell, that he who dyeth desperate, must necessarily 
undcrgoe? I must needs (quoth Altisidora) tell you the 
plainc truth of all. So it is, that I was not wholly or 
thorowly dead, since I came not into Hell : for had I once 

S42 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

beene therein, there is no question, but I had never beene CHAPTER 
able to come out of it at my pleasure. ^^^XX 

True it is, that I came even unto the gate thereof, where Of divers we 
I met with a doozen of Divels, who in their hosen and ^^^^^^^ ^^^ 
doublets were playing at Tennis-bisdl; they did weare Falling- JJ^J^, Slus-^ 
bands set witn peakes of Flemmish Bone-lace, with Cuffs tration and 
unto them of the very same, so deep, as they appeared foure cleering of 
good inches longer then the arme, to the end their hands *^ History, 
might seeme the greater. Their Battledors or Rackets were 
of fire. But that which made me wonder most, was, that 
they used Bookes in stead of Balls, which bookes were fuU- 
stuft with winde and stifhing, a thing both wondrous and 
newly-strange, yet did not that so much astony me : for, as 
it is proper unto those, that winne at any game, to rejoyce 
and be glad ; whereas those that lose, are ever sad and dis- 
content: there, all grumbled, chafed, fretted, and bitterly 
cursed one another. 

That ^s no wonder (quoth Sancho) since the Divels, whether 
they play, or play not ; whether they winne, or winne not, 
at that play they can never be content. 

Belike it is even so (replyed Altisidora :) but there is also 
another thing which likewise bml some amazement in me; 
that is to say, brought me into admiration. Which is, that 
the ball, that was but once tossed or strucken, could not 
serve another time, so that at every stroke, they were forced 
to change bookes whether they were old or new, which was a 
marvellous thing to behold. 

Now it banned, that they gave so violent a stroke unto a 
modeme booke, and very fairely bound, that it made the 
very guts to fly out of it, and scattered the leaves thereof 
up and downe. 

Then said one Divell unto another, I prethee looke what 
that booke treateth of. It is (answered the other Divell) 
7^ Second Part of the History of Don Quixote de la Manchay 
not composed by Cid Hamete, it^s first Authour, but by an 
Aragonois, who braggeth to be borne at Tordesillas. Now 
fie upon it (quoth the other Divell) out of my sight with it, 
and let it be cast into the very lowest pit of Hell, so deepe as 

24S 



CHAPTER 
LXX 

Of diven rare 
things^ which 
serve for the 
better illus- 
tration and 
eleering of 
this History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

mine eyes may never see it againe. But why (said the other 
Divell) is it so bad a booke ? It is so vile a booke (replide 
the first Divell) that had I my selfe expressely composed it, 
I could never have encountred worse. 

In the meane time they followed on their game, tossing 
other bookes to and fro ; but having heard the name of Don 
Quixote, he whom I love so passionately, I have laboured to 
engrave that vision in my memory. 

Now without doubt then (said Don Quixote) it was a right 
vision : for, there is no other man of that name in the whole 
world but my selfe : And that History doth already goe from 
hand to hand thorow all parts of the Vniverse : and yet 
staves in no place, for so much as every one will have a 
kicke at it. Now I have not been angry or vexed, when 
I have heard that I wander up and downe like a fantasticke 
body, amidst the pitchy shades of Hell, and not in the light 
of the earth ; since I am not the man that History speaketh 
of. If it be true and faithfully compiled, it will live many 
a^es; but if it be nothing worth, it will dye even at it^s 
burth. 

Altisidora would have continued her plaints, accusing Don 
Quixote of rigour and unkindnes; but hee said thus unto 
her, Madame, I have often told you, that I am very angry, 
that you have settled your thoughts on me ; since you can 
draw nothing from me but bare thanks, and no remedy at 
all. I was onely borne for Dulcinea of Toboso, and to her 
oncly have the l)estinies (if there be any) wholly dedicated 
me. To thinke, that any other beauty can possesse or 
usurpe the place, which she possesseth in my soule, were 
to oeleeve an impossibility. And this should suffice to 
disabuse you, and to make you to retire your selfe within 
the bounds of your honesty, since no creature is tyde unto 
impossibilities. 

Altisidora hearing these words, made a semblance to be 
very angry : so that, as it were in a great anger, she thus 
bespake him, I sweare by the Prince of the Mumps, the 
soule of a Morter, and stone of a Date ; more obstinate and 
hard-hearted, then a rude and base Fesant when one sueth 

S44 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

unto him, and when he addresseth his levell to the Butt CHAPTER 
or Marke : if I take you in hand, I will plucke your very ^^^^ 
eyes out of your head. Of divers rare 

Doe you haply suppose, Sir vanquished, and Don Knockt- things, which 
downe with Bats and Cudgels, that I would have dyde for ^^^/Su^^ 
you ? No, no. Sir, whatsoever you have seene this night, tration and 
hath been nothing but a fiction, or thing fained. I am not cleering of 
a Maiden, that would suffer so much as the least-least paine this History, 
at the tip of my nailes for such a Camell as you are ; much 
lesse that I would dye for such a grosse animall. 

I beleeve it well (quoth Sancho then) for all these lovers 
deaths arc but to cause sport and laughter. Well may they 
say, that they dye : but that they will hasten their dfeaths, 
ludas may beleeve it if he list. 

As they were in these discourses, the Musician and Poet, 
who had sung the fore-going Stanza^ entred into the Cham- 
ber, and making a very low reverence unto Don Quixote, 
hee thus said unto him. Sir Knight, I beseech you to hold 
me in the number of your humblest servants. I have long 
since been most affectionate unto you, as wel by reason of 
your farre-bruted renowne, as for your high -raised feates 
of Armes. 

Tell me (answered Don Quixote) who you are, that my 
courtesie may answere your merit. 

The Yong man gave him to understand, that he was the 
Musician and the Paneeiricke of the fore-passed night. 

In good sooth (replide Don Quixote) you have a very good 
voice: Neverthelesse me seemes, that what you sung, was 
not greatly to the purpose : for, what have the Stanza'^s of 
Garcilasse to doe with the death of this Damozell? My 
faire Sir, said the Musician, you ought not to wonder at 
that : The best and choisest Poets of our age doe practice 
it : so that every man writes as best pleasetii his tantasie, 
and stealeth what, and from whom he lists, whether it co- 
here with the purpose or not. By reason whereof, all the 
follies, absurdities, or fopperies that they sing, indite, or 
write, they ascribe unto a Poeticall licence. 

Don Quixote would have answered, but he was hindred 

845 



CHAPTER 
LXX 

Of diven rare 
things, which 
serve for the 
better illus- 
tration and 
cleering of 
this History. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

by the Duke and Duchesse, who both entred the Qiamber 
to see him. Amongst whom there passed so long a dis- 
course, and pleasant a conference, in which Sancho alledged 
so many ready quips, witty conceits, merry Ptoverbs, and 
therewithal! so many wyly shifts, and subtile knaveries, as 
the Duke and the Duchesse were all astonished againe ; as 
well by reason of his simplicitie, as of his subtilty. 

Don Quixote besought them to give him leave to depart 
the very same day ; since that Knights subdued as he was, 
ought rather to dwell in an homely Cottage, or simple Shed, 
then in Kingly Palaces : which they most willingly granted 
him : And the Duchesse demanded of him, whether Altisi- 
dora was in his good favour, or no. Madame, (answered 
Don Quixote) you are to understand, that all the infirmitie 
of this Damozell, takes it^s beginning and being from idle- 
nesse, and that an honest occupation, and continual! exercise 
is the onely remedy for it. She was even now telling me, 
that in hel they are working Tapistry worke, and that there 
are made Tyrings and Net-workes. 

I thinke that she is skilfuU in such workes, and that^s the 
reason she therein employes her selfe, never ceasing to handle 
small Spindles or Spooles : and thus the images of him she 
loveth will never be removed in her imagination. 

What I tell you is most certaine : It is my opinion, it is 
my counsel!. 

And mine also, quoth Sancho, since I never saw any worke- 
man, that applide or busied himselfe about such workes, that 
dydc for love. The Maidens, I say, occupied aliout such 
works, thinke more on the accomplishing of their taske, 
then on that of their Loves. I judge of it by my selfe, 
whilest I am digging or delving, I never thinke on my Pin- 
kaney at all; I speake of my Teresa Pansa, whom I love 
better a thousand times, then my very eye-lids. 

Sancho, you speake very well, said the Duchesse : and I 
will take such order, as my Altisidora shall henceforward 
occupy her selfe about such workes : for, she can worke them 
excellently well. 

Madame (quoth Altisidora) I shall not need to use such 

846 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

a remedy, since the remembrance or consideration of the CHAPTER 
cruelties and unkindnesses which this Robber and roving ^^^^ 
Thiefe hath used towards me, will be of force, without any Of divers nire 
other device or artifice, to blot and deface them out of my tl*"^?^, which 
memory. In the meane while, with your Highnesses per- JJ^^, uius-^ 
mission, I will be gone from hence, that so mine eyes may tration and 
not behold not onely his filthy and gastly shape ; but his cleering of 
ugly and abominable countenance. this History. 

The words (replyde the Duke) which you utter, make me 
remember the old Proverbe, which teacheth us, that he who 
sharpely chides, is ready to pardon. 

Altisidora made a shew to dry up the teares from her eyes 
with a Handkercher; and then makmg a very low curtsie unto 
her Master and Mistresse, she went out of the Chamber. 

Alas, poore Damozel (said then Sancho) I send thee ill 

lucke, since thou hast already met with it, in lighting upon 

a soule made of a Skuttle, and a heart of Oake. Hadst tnou 

had to doe with me, thou shouldst have found a Cock of me, 

that would have crowed after another fashion. 

Thus their discourse brake off; Don Quixote took his 

clothes, dined with the Duke and Duchesse, and in 

the afternoone went his way. 



247 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXXI 

Of what befell Don Quixote and his Squire Sancho 
Pansa, in their travel] towards their Village: 

HE Tanquished Knight Errant, Don Quixote 
de la Mancha went on bis journey, very 
sad and pensive on the one side, and most 
glad and buck-some on the other. From 
liis being conquered proceeded the cause 
of his sadnesse ; and nis gladnes, in con- 
sidering the worth and vertue of Sancho, 
whereof he gave manifest evidence in the 
resurrection of Altisidora; altnough with some scruple he 
perswaded himselfe, that the enamored Damozell waa not 
verily dead. 

Sfuicho was no whit well pleased, but chafed to himselfe, 
because Altisidora had not kept promise with him, and given 
him the Shirts he expected at her hands. And therefore 
musing and pondering on them, he said to his Master, By 
my faith, Sir, I am the most unfortunate Physician, that may 
be found in the world. There be some Leaches, that kiU 
a sick man whom they have under cure, and will neverthe- 
Icsse be well paid for their paines. Now all they doe, is but 
to write a short Bill of certaine medicines, which the Apothe- 
cary, and not they, doth afterward compound : Whereas I, 
deane contrary, to whom the recovery and health of othera 
doth cost many a clod of bloud, many a 6irt and bob, many 
a bitter l^-ump, and many a lash with whips and rods, reape 
not so much as one poore farthing. 

But certainely I promise you, if any diseased or gicke body 
fall into my hands og&ine, before I cure um, I 'le he very well 

freazed for my paines. For, the Abbot liveth singing, and 
can not thinke, that the heavens have endowed me with the 
248 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

vertue and knowledge I have, to the end I should communi- CHAPTER 
cate and impart the same unto others for nothing. LXXI 

My good friend Sancho (answered Don Quixote) thou art Of what befell 
in the right, and Altisidora hath done very ill, that she hath Don Quixote 
not given thee the shirts, which she promised thee, although ^ciiote"" 
that vertue and proprietie which thou hast, have beene given jn their tra- 
thee gratis, and that in learning and studying it, thou hast veil towards 
not beene at a penny charge : nevcrthelesse, the troubles and ^^^^ Village, 
vexations, whicn thou hast received, and endured in thine 
owne person, are farre more, then all the studies that thou 
couldest have undergone or employed about it. As for mee, 
I can tell thee, that if thou wouldest have had the full pay 
for the whip-lashes, that thou shouldcst give thy selfe for 
dis-enchanting of Dulcinea, thou hadst already fully received 
it. Yet know I not whether the wages or hire, will answere 
the cure, or recoveric, and I would not have it be an hindrance 
to the remedy. Me scemes notwithstanding, that one shall 
lose nothing in the tryall. 

Consider, Sancho, what thou wilt have, and forthwith whip 
thy selfe, and with thine own hands pay thy selfe downe- 
right, since thou hast money of mine in thy keeping. 

Sancho presently opened his eyes and eares a foote wide 
at these kinde offers, and tooke a resolution with a cheerefuU 
heart to whip and lash himselfe : and therefore said unto his 
Master, Now is the time, my Noble Sir, that I will wholly 
dispose my selfe to give you satisfaction, since I shall reape 
some benefit by it. The love of my children and my wife, 
induceth me to have no regard at all unto the harme or ill, 
that may thereby come unto me. 

Tell me then, what will you give me for every stripe or 
lash ? If I were bound to pay thee (rcplyed Don Quixote) 
equivalent to the greatnesse and qualitic of the remedy, the 
treasure of Venice, and the rich Mynes of Peru, would not 
suffice to rccompcnce thee. Looke well thy selfe, what thou 
hast of mine, and value every lash as thou wilt. The whip- 
lashes (quoth Sancho) are in number three thousand, three 
hundred and odde : I have already given my selfe five, the 
other remaine liehinde. Ix»t the five serve to deduct the 

4 : II 249 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER odde number remaining, and let all be reduced to three 
l^^l thousand and three hundred. My meaning is, to have for 
Of what befell every lash a piece of three blanks, (and lesse I will not have, 
^®? 9"!*®^ should all the world command me the contrary) so that they 
^choPanr ^^'^ amount to 8300 pieces of three blankes. The three 
in their tra- ' thousand, make a thousand and five hundred halfe Ryalls, 
veil towards and they make seven hundred and fifty whole Ryalls ; and 
their Village, the three hundred make one hundred and fifty halfe Ryalls, 

which amount unto the summe of three score and fifteen 
Ryalls, which, added unto the seven hundred and fifty, the 
whole sum amounteth unto eight hundred and five and 
twenty Ryalls. 

I will reckon this summe, and deduct it from that I have 
of yours in my keeping, and by this meanes shall enter into 
my house both rich and well satisfied, albeit well whipt and 
scourged : for, Trouts are not caught with nothing, and I say 
no more. 

Oh thrice-happy Sancho ! oh amiable Sancho (said Don 
Quixote) how am I and Dulcinea bound to serve thee, so 
long as the Heavens shall be pleased to give us life ? If 
she recover her first being, and if it be impossible to con- 
tinue still in that state, her misfortune shaU proove most 
fortunate, and my defeat or conquest, a most glorious and 
happy triumph. Then look, Sancho, when thou wilt b^in 
this discipline, and I will give thee one hundred Ryalls 
over and above, that so I may binde thee to b^n betimes. 
When (replied Sancho) ? Even this very night. Be you but 
pleased, tnat this night we meet in the open fields, and you 
shall see me open, gash, and slay my selfc. 

To be short, the night came, which Don Quixote had with 
all manner of impatience long looked for: to whom it seemed 
that the wheeles of Apollo'^s Chariot had beene broken, 
and that the day grew longer then it was wont, even as 
it happeneth unto Lovers, who thinke that they shall never 
come to obtaine the accomplishment of their desires. At last 
they entred a grove of delightsome trees, which was some- 
what remote, and out of the high way. After they had 
taken off the Saddle and Pack-saddle of Rosinante and 
S50 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Dapple, thev sate downe upon the green grasse, and supped CHAPTER 
with such victuals as Sancho had in his Wallets. LXXI 

This good Squire having made of Dapples halter or head- Of what befell 
stall, a good big whip or scourge, he went about twenty l^on Qujxote 
paces from his Master, and thrust himselfe among bushes Sancho p5iu8«L 
and hedges. . »" their tm- 

Don Quixote seeing him march thus all naked, and with veil towards 
so good a courage, began thus to discourse unto him. Take their Village, 
heed, good friend, that thou hack not thy selfe in pieces, and 
that the stripes and lashes stay the one anothers leasure; 
thou must not make such haste in thy Careere, that thy 
winde or breath failc in thy course. My meaning is, that 
thou must not lash thy selfe so hard and fast, that thy life 
faint, before thou come to thy desired number : But to the 
end that thou lose not thy selfe for want of a paire of writing- 
tables, more or lesse, I will stand aloofe off, and upon these 
my prayer-beades will number the lashes that thou shalt 
give thy selfe. Now the heavens favour thee, as thy good 
meaning well deserveth. 

A good Fay-master (answered Sancho) will never grudge to 
give wages ; I thinke to curry or so be-labour my selfe, that 
without endangering my life, my lashes shall bee sensible 
unto me, and therein must the substcmce of this miracle 
consist. And immediately Sancho stripped himselfe bare 
from the girdle upward, and taking the whip in his hand, 
began to ribbe-baste and lash himselfe roundly; and Don 
Quixote to number the strokes. When Sancho had given 
himselfe seven or eight stripes, hee thought he had killed 
himselfe; so that pawsing awhile, hee said to his Master, 
that he was very much deceived, and would therfore appeale, 
forsomuch as every whip-lash did in lieu of a piece of three 
Blanks, deserve halfe a Kyall. 

Make an end, my friend Sancho, (quoth Don Quixote) and 
be not dismaid ; for I will redouble thy pay. 

Now by my life then (quoth Sancho) bfowes shall showre 
upon me as thicke as haile : but the Mountibanke and cheat- 
ing companion, in stead of lashing his shoulders, he whipped 
the trees, and so sighingly groaned at every stroake, that 

261 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER you would have thought his soule had flowne out of his 

LXXI body. 
Of what befell Don Quixote, who was now full of compassion, fearing hee 
2d iS'Sui^e ^^"^^ ^^^ himselfe, and that, through the folly of Sancho, 
^nchoPau^ his desires should not be accomplished, began thus to say 
in their tra- unto him. Friend, I conjure thee, let this businesse end 
veil towards heere : This remedy seemes to mee very hard and sharpe. 
their Village, n gh^U not be amisse that we give time unto Time ; for, 

Rome was never built in one day. K I have told right, 
thou hast alresuly given thy selfe more then a thousand 
lashes : it now sufiiseth, let mee use a homely phrase, that 
the Asse endure his charge, but not the sur-charge. 

No, no, my good Sir, answered Sancho, it shall never be 
said of me, Money well paid, and the Armes broken. I 
pray you goe but a little aside, and permit me to give my 
selfe one thousand stripes more, and then we shall quickly 
make an end; yea, and we shall have more left behinde. 
Since thou art so well disposed, replyde Don Quixote, 1 will 
then withdraw my selfe, may the heavens assist and recom- 
pence thee. 

Sancho returned to his taske, with such an earnest passion, 
that the barke of many a tree fell off, so great was the rigour 
and fury wherewith he scourged himselfe. Now in giving 
such an exceeding and outragious lash upon a hedge, hee 
cryde out alowd, Heere is the place where Samson shall dye, 
with all those that are with him. 

Don Quixote ran presently at the sound of that wofull 
voice, and at the noise of that horrible whip-stroke. Then 
laving fast hold on the Halter, which served Sancho in lieu 
oi an Oxe-pizell, he said to him, Friend Sancho, let Fortune 
never permit, that thou, to give me contentment, hazzard 
the losse of thy life, which must serve for the entertainment 
of thy Wife and Children. I will containe my selfe within 
the bounds of the next hope, and will stay untill thou have 
recovered new strength, to the end this businesse may be 
ended, to the satisfaction of all parties. 

My good Sir (quoth Sancho) since you will needs have it 
so, in good time be it. In the meane while, I beseech you, 
S52 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sir, cast your Cloke upon my shoulders. I am all in a CHAPTER 
sweat, ana I would be loth to take cold. Our new dis- LXXI 
ciplinants runne the like danger. Of what befell 

Don Quixote did so, and leaving himselfe in his doublet, <f k- 'sa^^e 
he covered Sancho, who fell aslecpe, and slept untiU the^j^^^jij^jj^s- 
Sunne awakened him. They kept on their way so long, in their tra- 
that at last they arrived to a place three Leagues off, and at veil towards 
last staid at an Inne. ^eir Village. 

Don Quixote knew it to be an Inne, and not a Castle 
round environed with ditches or trenches, fortified ¥dth 
Towers, with Port-cullisses, and strong draw-bridges : for, 
since his last defeature, he discerned ana distinguished of all 
things that presented themselves unto him with better judge- 
ment, as we shall presently declare. 

Hee was lodged in a low chamber, to which certaine 
olde-wome curtaines of painted Serge ^rved in lieu of 
Tapistry hangings, as commonly they use in Country 
Villages. In one of the pieces might be scene painted by 
a bungling and unskilfuU hand, the rape of Helen, at what 
time her fond-hardy ghest stole her from Menelaus. In 
another was the history of Dido and iEneas ; Shee on an 
high Turret, with a sheet making signe unto her fugitive 
ghest, who on the Sea, carried in a Ship, was running away 
from her. 

Don Quixote observed in these two Stories, that Helen 
seemed not to be discontented with her rape ; for so much 
as shee leered and smiled under-hand; whereas beauteous 
Dido seemed to trickle downe teares from her eyes as big as 
Walnuts. Don Quixote in beholding this painted worke, 
said ; These two Ladies were exceedingly unfortunate, that 
they were not borne in this age, and I most of all thrice- 
unhappy, that I was not borne in theirs ; In faith I would 
so have spoken to these Lordly gallants, as Troy should 
not have beene burned, nor CcLrthage destroyed, since 
that onely by putting Paris to death, I should have beene 
the occasion tnat so many mischiefes would never have 
hapned. 

1 hold a wager (quoth Sancho) that ere long there shall 

S58 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER be never a Tipling-house, Taveme, Inne, Hostery, or Bar- 
I-XXI bers shop, but in them all we shall see the History of 
Of what befell our famous acts painted: nevertheles I would wish with all 
^Th^"s^^^ my hart, that they might bee drawne by a more cunning 
^cho PanML *"^ skilf uU hand, then by that which hath pourtraid these 
ill their tra- figures. 

veil towards Thou Iiast reason, Sancho (answered Don Quixote :) for, 
their Village, this Painter is like unto Orbanegia, who dwelled at Vbeda, 

who when he was demanded what hee was painting, made 
this answere. That which shall come forth to light: And 
if perchance hee drew a Cocke, hee would write above it, 
Tliis is a Cocke, lest any man should thinke it to be a 
Foxe. Now me thinkes, Sancho, that such ought to be the 
Painter or the Writer (for all is one same thing) who hath 
set forth the History of this new Don Quixote, because he 
hath painted or written that which may come forth to 
the open light. He hath imitated a certaine Poet named 
Mauleon, who the last ycere was at the Court, who suddenly 
would make answer to whatsoever was demanded him. And 
as one asked him one day, what tliese words Deum de Deo 
signified, he answered in Spanish, De donde diere. But 
omitting all this, tell me Sancho, Hast thou a mind to 
give thy selfc another touch this night, and wilt thou have 
it to be under the roofe of a house, or else in the open ayre ? 
Now I assure you (quoth Sancho) for the stripes and 
lashes that I intend to give my selfe, I love them as well 
in the house as in the open fields: yet with this Proviso, 
that I would have it to be amongst trees ; for me thinks, 
that they keepe me good company, and doe exceedingly 
help me to indure and undergoe my travell and paines. 

Friend Sancho (said Don Quixote) that shall not be: 
rather reserve them, that you may exercise them when we 
shall be arrived at our Village, whither at the furthest we 
shall reach the next day after to morrow ; and in the mean 
time thou shalt have recovered new strength. 

Sancho answered, that he might doe what best pleased 
him ; but notwithstanding he desired to dispatch this busi- 
nesse in hot bloud, and whilest the Mill was going; for, 
864 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

dangers consist often in lingring and expectation, and that 
with prayers unto God, a man must strilce with his mallet ; 
that one, Take it, is more worth then two, Thou shalt have 
it: and better is one sparrow in the band, then a vulture 
flying in the ayre. 

Now for Gods sake, Sancho (replied Don Quixote) let 
us not alledge so many Proverbs ; me thinkes thou art 
still returning unto Siait erai. I prethee speake plainely, 
cleerly, and goe not so about the hush with such em- 
broyling speeches, as I have often told thee : and thou shalt 
see, that one loafe of bread will yeeld thee more then an 
hundred, 

I am so unlucky (quoth Sancho) that I cannot discourse 
without Proverbs, nor can I alleage a Froverbe, that seemes 

not to be a reason unto mee : Never tbelesse, if I can, I 

will correct my selfe, and with that they gave over 

their enterparlie at that time. 



CHAPTER 
LXXI 

Of what befell 
Don Quixote 
and hia Squire 
Sancho Fanaa, 
in their tra- 
veil towards 
their Village. 



CHAPTER LXXII 

How Don Quixote and S&ncho arrived 

at their Village. 

mO\ QUIXOTE and Sancho looking for 
night, stayed in that Inne: the one to 
end in the open fields, the taske of his 
discipline ; and the other to see the 
successe of it, whence depended the end 
of his desires. During which time, a 
Gentleman on horsebacke, followed by 
three or fourc servants, came to the gate 
of the Inne, to whom one of his attendants said thus ; My 
Lord Don Alvaro Tarfe, you may heere rest your selfe, and 
passe the great heat of the day. This Inne seemeth to be 
very cleanly and coole, 

255 




CHAPTER 
LXXII 

How Don 
Quixote 
and Sancho 
arrived at 
their Village. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

Which speech Don Quixote hearing, he said unto Sancho, 
Thou oughtest to know, that when I turned over the booke 
of the second part of my history, me thought that in 
reading of the same, I met with this name of Don Alvaro 
Tarfe. 

That may very well be, said Sancho : but first let us see 
him alight from his horse, and then we will speake unto 
him. 

The Knight alighted, and the Hostesse appointed him a 
low chamber, neere unto that of Don Quixote, and which 
was furnished with like figures of painted Serge. The new- 
come Knight did forth-with put off his heavy cloathes, and 
now going out of the Inne-porch, which was somewhat 
spacious and fresh, under whicn Don Quixote was walking, 
he demanded of him. Whither goe you, my good Sir Gentle- 
man ? I am going (answered Don Quixote) imto a certaine 
Village not farre off, where I was borne. And you, my 
Lord, whither goe you ? I travell (said the Knight) towards 
Granada, which is my native Country. Sir, you were borne 
(replied Don Quixote) in a very good Country; In the 
mean time, I pray you in courtesie, tel me your name ; for 
it stands me very much upon to know it^ yea more then can 
well be imagined. I am called Don Alvaro Tarfe (answered 
the Kiiight.) Then are you undoubtedly (quoth Don 
Quixote) that Alvaro Tarfe, whose name is imprinted in 
The Second Part of the History of Don Quixote de la Mancha 
which a modeme Author hath lately set forth. I am the 
very same man of whom you speake (said the Knight) and 
that Don Quixote who is the principal subject of such an 
History, was my very great friend. 

It was even I that drew him first out of his village, or at 
least that pcrswaded him to be at the lusts and Tiltings 
which were then kept at Saragosa, and whither I was going : 
and in good truth I did him a great favour; for I was the 
cause that the hangman did not well claw and bum-baste 
his backe, having rightly deserved such a punishment, because 
he had beene over-rash and foole-hardy. 

But tel me, I beseech you then (quoth Don Quixote) my 

266 



^ 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Lord Don Alvaro, do I in any thing resemble the said Don CHAPTER 
Quixote of whom you speake ? Nothing at all, answered the LXXII 
other. And did that Don Quixote (replied our Knight) How Don 
conduct with him a Squire named Sancho Pansa? Yes ^*^^ i^ 
verily, (quoth Don Alvaro) And the report went, that this arrived at 
Squire was very blithe, pleasant, and gamesome ; but yet I their Village, 
never heard him speak any thing with a good garbe or grace, 
nor any one word that might cause laughter. 

I beleeve it well, said Sancho then ; for, it suits not with 
all the world to be pleasant and jesting : and the very same 
Sancho of whom you speake (my Liord the Gentleman) must 
be some notorious rogue, some greedy -gut, and notable 
theefe. It is I that am the right Sancho Pansa, that can 
tell many fine tales ; yea more then there are drops of water 
when it raineth. If so you please, my Lord, you may make 
experience of it, and follow me at least one yeere, and you 
shall then see, that at every step I shall specJce so many 
unpleasant things, that very often without knowing what I 
utter, I make all them to laugh that listen unto me. In 
good sooth, Don Quixote de la Mancha, the farre renowned, 
the valiant, the discreet, the amorous ; he who is the redresser 
of wrongs, the revenger of outrages, the tutor of infants, the 
Gardian of Orphanes, the Rampire or fortresse of Widdowes, 
the Defender of Damozels and Maidens : he who hath for 
his onely Mistresse, the matchlesse Dulcinea del Toboso, is 
the very same Lord whom you see hecre present, and who is 
my good Master. All other Don Quixotes, and all other 
Sancho Pansa^s are but dreames, fopperies, and fables. 

Now by my holydom I beleeve as much (answered Don 
Alvaro ;) for, in those few words by you even now uttered, 
you have showed more grace then ever did the other Sancho 
Pansa, in al the long and tattling discourses that I have 
heard come from him. He savoured more of the Gourmand, 
then of a well-spoken man ; more of a Coxe-combe, then of 
a pleasant. Without doubt I believe, that the Enchanters, 
which persecute the good Don Quixote, have also gone about 
to persecute me, in making me to know the other Don 
Quixote, who is of no worth or merit at ail, Neverthelesse, 

4:KK S57 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER I wot not well what to say of it, since I durst sweare, that I 
l^y^ll left him at Toledo in the Nuncio his house, to the end he 

How Don mi^ht be cured and healed, and behold heere another Don 

Q""^ Quixote, but farre different from mine. 

mivedttt ^ '^ ^^^ ^^ (quoth Don Quixote) I know not whether I be 

their Village, good or no, but well I wot I am not the bad. And for a 

manifest triall of my saying, my Lord Don Alvaro Tarfe, if 
you please, you shall understand, that in all my life-time 
I was never at Saragosa. And having of late understood, 
that the imaginary Don Quixote had beene present at the 
Tumaments and Tiltings in that City, I would by no meanes 
come or spe into it, that in view of all the world I might 
manifest his false tale : Which was the reason that I went 
strait unto Barselona, the treasury or store -house of all 
courtcsie, the retreat and refuge of all strangers, the reliev- 
ing harborough of the poore and needy, the native home of 
valorous men, where such as bee wronged or offended, are 
avenged ; and where true friendships are reciprocall, and in 
summe, a City that hath no peere, be it eyther for beauty, 
or for the fairc situation of it. 

And albeit what hath befalne me bring me no great con- 
tentment, I doe notwithstanding somewhat allay the griefe 
with the pleasure, which by the sight thereof I have received 
and felt. 

To conclude, my Lord Don Alvaro Tarfe, I am Don Quixote 
de la Mancha, and the very same man of whom Fame speaketh, 
and not he, that unhappy wretch, who to honour nimselfe 
with my designes, hath gone about to usurpe my name. 

In the meane while I humbly beseech you, by the profes- 
sion which you make to be a Noble Knight, that before the 
ordinary ludge of this place, you will be pleased to make me 
a declaration and certificate, how, so long as you have lived, 
even untill this present howre, you never saw me, and that I 
am not the said Don Quixote imprinted in this second part, 
and likewise that this Sancho Pansa my Squire is not hee 
whom you heeretofore have knowne. 

I shall doe it with all my heart, (quoth the Knight Don 
Alvaro) although I be very much amazed to see two Don 
S58 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Quixotes, and behold two Sancho^s at one very instant, so CHAPTER 
conformable in name, and so different in actions. But I tell LXXII 
you againe and againe, and I assuredly beleeve that I have How Don 
not viewed what I have scene, and tliat what hath hapned ^'^^S^ , 
unto me concerning this subject, hath not befalne at all. ^nved at ^ 

Without doubt, my Lora, then said Sancho, it is very their Village, 
likely that you are enchanted, even as my Lady Dulcinea 
of Toboso is : would to God that your dis-enchanting might 
be brought to passe with giving other three thousand and 
odde whip-lashes, as I doe for her ; I would most ¥dllingly 
give them unto my selfe, without any interest at all. 

I know not what you meane (quoui Don Alvaro) by these 
whip-lashes. To wnom Sancho said, that it would oe too 
long a discourse to relate; but yet hee would make him 
acquainted with the whole story, if peradventure they should 
both travell one same way. 

By this time the houre of dinner was at hand, and they 
fed and ate together. At the very same time the ludge of 
the place came into the Inne, attended on by a Gierke or 
Notary, whom Don Quixote required that he would take a 
certificat or declaration, which this Knight Don Alvaro 
Tarfe would declare unto him : forsomuch as it did highly 
conceme his honor and reputation. 

Now the Tenor of this Declaration was, that the said 
Gentleman did in no sort know Don Quixote, who was there 

1)resent, and that hee was not the man, whose name they had 
ately imprinted in an History, entituled. The Second Part of 
Don Quixote de la Mancha^ composed by Abellaneda, borne 
at Tordesillas. 

To conclude, the ludge engrossed all according to the 
forme of Law. The Declaration was made in forme and 
manner as all Notaries are accustomed to be, in such and 
the like cases. By which meanes Don Quixote and Sancho 
rested very glad, and well apedd, as if such a declaration had 
beene of very great moment and consequence imto them, 
and as if their actions and speeches had not apparently 
shewed the difference and ods that was betweene the two 
Don Quixotes and the two Sancho^s. 

259 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Divers complements, and many oflSces and offers of oour- 
I'XXII tesie did mutually enterpasse betweene Don Alvaro, and 
How Don Don Quixote, wherein our heroyke Knight de la M ancha, 
Q"|^*® declared so much wisedome, and such discretion, that he 

^v^at resolved Don Alvaro of the doubt wherein he was : For, he 
their Village, perswaded himselfe that he was enchanted, since with his 

owne hands hee felt and touched two Don Quixotes so dif- 
ferent and contrary one to another. 

Mid-day being past, and the heat allayed, they departed 
from that place all together. They had not gone above 
halfe a league, but they met with two sevendl paths, the 
one led to Don Quixotes Village, and the other to the place 
whither Don Alvaro was going. 

During which little space, Don Quixote related at large 
unto him, the disaster of his over-throw, the enchantment, 
and the remedy of Dulcinea. All which things bred and 
caused a new admiration in the minde pf Don Alvaro, who 
kept on his way, and Don Quixote his. 

Our Knight passed that night among the trees, to the 
end he might give Sancho meanes and leysure to fulfill his 
penance, which he accomplished even as nee had done the 
fore-passed night, more at the ch€u*ges of the hedges, shrubs, 
and trees there growing, then of his backe and shoulders. 
For hce kept them so safe and well, that the lashes which he 
gave himselfe, would not have caused a flye to stirre, had 
shce taken up her stand there. 

Don Quixote thus abused, lost not one stroke with mis- 
reckoning, and found that those of the fore-going night, 
joyned unto these, were just the summe of three thousand, 
nine and twenty. 

It seemed the Sunne rose that morning earlier then his 
wont, to behold this sacrifice, and they perceiving that it 
was bright day, went on their journey, aiscoursing of the 
error wherein Don Alvaro was, and how they had done very 
well in taking a declaration before the ludge, and that so 
authentically. 

They wandred all that day, and the night succeeding, 
without encountring any thing worthy the relation, unlesse 

S60 



^ 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

it be, that the very same night Sancho finished his whipping CHAPTER 

taske, to the great contentment of Don Quixote, who greedily LXXIl 

longed for peepe of day, to see if in their travels they mieht How Don 

meete with his sweet Mistresse Dulcinea, who was now dis- Q^"">*® 

, .J ' and Sancho 

enchanted. arrived at 

Thus wandring, they met no woman, but they would their Village, 
approach and close with her, to take perfect view of her, and 
to disceme whether it were Dulcinea of Toboso, confidently 
assuring themselves, as of an infallible truth, that the pro- 
mises of the prophet Merlin could not possibly prove fabe. 

Whilest they were musing on these things, and their long- 
ings encreasing, they unawares ascended a little hillocke, 
whence they discovered their Village. Which Sancho had 
no sooner perceived, but hee prostrated himselfe on his 
knees, and uttered these words ; 

Oh my deare-dearely-beloved, and long desired native 
countrey, open thine eyes, and behold how thy sonne Sancho 
retumes at last to thee againe : who if he be not very rich, 
yet is he at least very well whipt and lashed. Open thine 
armes likewise, and friendly receive thy sonne Don Quixote. 
And if he retumeth to thee vanquisned by the force of a 
strange arme, he yet at least retumeth concj^ueror of him- 
selfe. And as himselfe hath often told me, it is the greatest 
victory, that any man can desire, or wish for. I have good 
store of money : for, if they gave me soimd whip-lashes, I 
found much good in being a worthy Knight. 

Let us leave these fooleries, said Don Quixote, and forth- 
with wend unto our Village, where we will give free pas- 
sage unto our imaginations and prescribe unto our selves 
the forme and method, that we are to keepe and observe 
in the rurall or pastorall life, which we intend to 
put in practise. Thus reasoning together, they 
fairc and gently descended the hillock, and 
approched to their Village. 



261 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 




CHAPTER LXXIII 

Of the presages and fore-boadings, which hapned to 

Don Quixote, at the entrance into his Village ; 

with other Adventures, which serve for grace 

and ornament unto this famous History, 

and which give credit unto it 

niD HAMETE reporteth, that as they were 
come neere unto the entrance into their 
Village, Don Quixote perceived how in 
the Commons thereof there were two yonc 
Lads, who in great anger contested and 
disputed together. The one said to the 
other, Pierrot, thou must not chafe nor 
bee angry at it : For, as long as thou 
liveat, thou ahalt never set thine eyes upon her. Which 
Don Quixote hearing, he began this speech unto Sancho ; 
Friend, (said he) doest not thou understand what yonder 
yong Lad saith P So long as thou livest thou shalt never 
set eyes upon her. 

And what imports (quoth Sancho) what that yong Lad 
hath spoken ? What (replyed Don Quixote) ? seeat thou 
not, how that applying the words unto mine intention ; his 
meaning is, that I shall never see my DulcineaP Sancho 
was about to answere him, but he was hindred by an 
Hare, which chaaed, crossed their way. She was eagerly 
pursued by divers Gray-bounds and Hunts-men, so that 
fearfully amazed she squatted down betweene the feete 
of Dapple. 

Sancno boldly tooke her up, and presented the same unto 
Don Quixote, who cryed out alowd, Makim sigmtm, malum 
sigjium : A Hare runnes away, Gray-hounds pursue her, and 

test 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Dulcinca appearcs not. You arc a strange man (then quoth CHAPTER 
Sancho), let us imagine that this Hare is Dulcinea, ana the LXXIII 
Gray-hounds which pursue her, the wicked Enchanters, that Of the 
have transformed her into a Country-Lasse. She runnes F'^*^^^^ 
away, I take her up, and deliver her into your owne hands : ^^ich hami^' 
you hold her in your armes, you hugge and make much of to Don 
her. What ill-boading may this be, and what misfortune Quixote^ at 
can be implide upon this ? *^e entrance 

In the meane while, the two yong Boyes came necre unto villaire etc 
them to see the Hare : and Sancho demanded of one of ' 

them the cause or ground of their brabbling controversie ? 
Then he, who had uttered the words. So lon^ as thou livest, 
thou shalt never set eyes upon her, related unto Sancho, 
how that he had taken from the other Boy a little Cage 
fiill of Crickets, and that he never purposed to let him have 
it againe. Then Sancho puPd out of his pocket a piece 
of sixe Blankes, and gave it to the other Boy for his 
Cage, which he put into Don Quixotes hands, saying thus 
unto him. Behold, good Sir, all these fond Sooth-sayings 
and ill presages are dasht and overthrowne, and have now 
nothing to doe with our Adventures, (according to my 
understanding, although I be but a silly gull) no more then 
with the last yeeres snow. And if my memonr faile mee 
not, I thinke I have heard the Curate of our Vilkige say, 
that it fits not good Christians and wise folkes to stand 
upon such foolish fopperies. 

It is not long since you told me so for your selfe, and gave 
me to understand, that all such Christians, as plodded and 
amused themselves upon Augures or Divinations, were very 
fooles. And therefore let us no longer trouble our selves 
with them, but let us goe on, and enter into our Village. 
There whilest the hunters came in, they demanded to have 
their Hare, and Don Quixote delivered the same imto them. 

Then he and Sancho kept on their way; and at the 
entrance into the Village, in a little meddow, they met with 
the Curate, and the Bachelor Carrasco, who with their Beads 
in their hands were saying their prayers. 

It is to be understood, that Sancho Pansa had placed upon 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER Dapple, and upon the f€udell of their weapons the Jacket or 

LXXni Gaoerdine of Boccasin all painted over with fierie flames, 

(>f the which was upon him in the Dukes Castle, the night that 

?™Tv^*°*^ Altisidora rose againe from death to life: which jubb or 

which hami^ jacket served them in stead of a Carpet or Sumpter-cloth. 
to Don They had likewise placed upon the Asses head the Myter, 

Quixote, at whereof we have spoken before. It was the newest kinde of 

the entrance transformation, and the fittest decking or array, that ever 

The Curate and the Bachelor knew them mcontinently, 
and with wide-open armes ranne towards them. 

Don Quixote alighted presently and very kindly embraced 
them. But the little children, who are as sharpe-sighted as 
any Linx, having eyed the Asses Myter, flocked suddenly 
about them to see the same, saying the one to the other. 
Come, come, and runne all you Camarados, and you shall 
see Sancho Pansa^s Asse more brave and gallant then Mingo : 
and Don Quixote'^s Palfry leaner, fainter, and more flaggy 
then it was the first day. 

Finfidly, being environed with a many yong children, and 
attended on by the Curat and Bachelor, they entred the 
Vjllace, and went directly unto Don Quixote^s house. At 
the aore wherof they met with his Maid -servant, and 
with his Neece, who had already heard the newes of their 
comming. 

Teresa Pansa, the wife of Sancho, had likewise been adver- 
tised thereof. She ranne all disheveled and halfe naked to 
see her Husband, leading her Daughter Sanchica by the 
hand. But when she saw, that he was not so richly attired 
as she imagined, and in that equipage a Govemour should 
be, she thus began to discourse with him. My Husband, 
after what fashion doest thou come home? Mee thinkes 
thou commest on foot, and with toylesome travelling all 
tyred and faint-hearted : Thou rather bearest the counten- 
ance of a miserable wretch, then of a Govemour. 

Hold thy peace Teresa (quoth Sancho :) for, oftentimes, 
when there be Bootes, there be no Spurres. Let us goe 
unto our house, and there thou shalt heare wonders. So it 

264 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

is, that I have money, which is of more consequence, and I CHAPTER 
have gotten it by mine owne industry, without doing wrong LXXIII 
to any body. Of the 

Why then you have money, my good Husband (replyed P''®^^^?°* 
Teresa) ? That'^s very well. It is no matter how you came ^^^y^ hapDS 
by it, be it by hooke or crooke. For, after what manner ^ Don 
soever you have laid hands on it, you bring no new custom Quixote, at 
into the world. Sanchica embraced her Father, and asked J^« entrance 
him wliether he had brought her any thing ; and that she yy?^ ^^g, 
had as earnestly looked for him, as men doe for dew in the ^^* 
moneth of May. 

Thus his Wife holding him by the one hand, and his 
Daughter by the one side of his girdle, and with the other 
hand leading Dapple, they entrcd into their Cottage, leaving 
Don Quixote in his owne house in the power oi his Neece 
and Maid-servant, and in the company of the Curat, and 
the Bachelor. 

Don Quixote, without longer delay, at that very instant 
drew the Bachelor and the Curate aside, and in few words 
related his being defeated unto them, and the Vow, which 
he had been forced to make, not to goe out of his Village 
during the space of one whole yeere : how his purpose was 
fully to keep the same, without transgressing it one jot or 
atome : since that by the rules of Knight Errantry, and as 
he was a true Knight Errant, he was strictlv obliged to 
performe it. Which was the reason that he had resolved, 
during the time of that yeere, to become a Shepheard, and 
entcrtaine himselfe among the Desarts and solitarie places 
of tliat Countrey, where he might freely vent out ana give 
scope unto his amorous passions, by exercising himself in 
commendable and vertuous pastorall exercises: And now 
besought them, if they had no greater affaires in hand, and 
were not imployed in matters of more importance, they 
would both be pleased to become his companions, and fellow- 
Shepheards. For, he would buy store of sheepe, and get so 
sufficient a flock together, as they might well take upon 
them the name of shepheards. 

And in the meane time, he gave them to understand, that 

4:LL 266 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER the chiefest point of this businesse was ahready effected : for, 
L^^^II he had already appointed them so proper and convenient 
Of the names, as if they had been cast in a mould, 

presage and The Curat would needs know these names. Don Quixote 
Sbi^htalSS told him, that himselfe would be called, the Shepheard 
to Don Quixotis : the Bachelor, the Shepheard Carrascon ; and the 

Ouixote, at Curat, the Shepheard Curambro ; and as for Sancho Pansa, 
the entrance hee should be stiled Pansino. 

VllhtfB etc They were all astonished at Don Quixotes new folly : 
^^^* Neverthelesse, that he might not another time goe out of 

his Village, and retume to his Enight-hoods, and Cavalliers 
tricks : and therewithall supposing, that in the space of this 
yeere he might be cured and recovered : they allowed of his 
designe and new invention, and in that rural! exercise offered 
to become his companions. 

We shall leade a pleasant life, said Samson Carrasco, since, 
as all the world knoweth, I am an excellent Poet, and shall 
every hand-while be composing of Pastorall Ditties and 
Eglogues, or els some Verses of the Court, as best shall agree 
to our purpose. Thus shall we entertaine our selves by the 
waves we snail passe and goe. 

But good Sirs, the thing that is most necessary, is, that 
every one make choise of the name of the Shepheardesse, 
whom he intendeth to celebrate in his Verses: and that 
there be no Tree, how hard and knurry soever, but therein 
we shall write, carve, and engrave her name, even as amorous 
Shepheards are accustomed to doe. 

In good sooth, that will doe passing well (quoth Don 
Quixote) albeit I neede not goe farre to finde out the name 
of an imaginary Shepheardesse; since I have the never- 
matched or paralelled Dulcinea of Toboso, the glory of all 
these shores ; the ornament of these meddowes ; the grace 
and comelinesse of beauty; the creame and prime of all 
gracefulnesse : and (to be short) the subject, on which the 
extremitie of all commendations may rightly be conferred, 
how hyperbolicall soever it be. 

It is most true, said the Curate. But for us, we must 
seek out some banren Shepheardesses, and at least, if they 
366 



^ 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

bee not fit and proper for us, yet one way or other they CHAPTER 
may stead us, if not m the maine, yet in the by. Although LXXIII 
we have none (quoth Samson Carrasco) yet will we give Of the 
them those very names as we see in print, and wherewith prewfires and 
the world is fuU. For we wiU call them Phillis, Amarillis, J^^f^n^ 
Diana, Florinda, Galathea, and Belisarda. Since they are to Don 
publikelv to be sold in the open market-place, we may Quixote^ at 
very well buy them, and lawfully appropriate them imto *"® entrance 
ourselves. ^ ir r VmLS etc. 

If my Mistresse, or, to say better, my Shepheardesse have * 

to name Anna, I will celebrate her under the stile of Anarda ; 
if she be called Francis, I will call her Francina ; and if she 
hight Lucie, her name shall be Lucinda : for, all such names 
square and encounter. As for Sancho Pansa, if he will be 
one of our fratemitie, he may celebrate his wife Teresa 
Pansa under the name of Teresaina. 

Don Quixote burst out a laughing at the application of 
these names, whilst the Curat did infinitely commend and 
extoll his honourable resolution, and againe offered to keepe 
him company all the time he could spare, having acquitted 
himselfe of the charge unto which he was bound. 

With that they tooke leave of him, perswading, and en- 
treating him to bave a care of his health, and indevour to 
be merry. 

So it hapned, that his Neece and his Maid-servant heard 
all the speeches, which they three had together : And when 
the Bachelor and the Curat were gone from him, they both 
came neere unto Don Quixote, and thus his Neece bespake 
him : 

What meanes this (my Lord, mine Vncle) ? Now when 
we imagined, that you would have continued in your owne 
house, and there live a quiet, a reposed and honourable life, 
you goe about to cast your selfe headlong into new Laby- 
rinths and troubles, with beconmiing a Swaine or Shepheard ? 
Verily the come is already over-hard to make Oaten-pipes 
of it. 

But how (quoth the Maid-servant) can you indure and 
undergoe in the open fields the scorching heate of Summer, 

267 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER and the cold and frost of winter nights, and heare the howl- 

LXXin ings of Wolves, without quaking for very feare ? No truely. 

Of the for so much as that belongs onely to such as are of a robust 

pre^^gc^ *^* and Surly complexion, of a hard and rugged skinne, and 

whkhhap^ that from their Cradles are bred and enured to such a trade 

to Don ^^^ occupation. If the worst come to the worst, it were 

Quixote, at better to bee still a Knight Errant, then a Shepheard. 
the entrance I beseech you, good my Lord, follow my counsell, which 

VM^M tc ^ 8^^^ y^"» ^^^ ^ being full of wine and bread, but rather 
*^^' fasting, and as one, that have fifty yeeres upon my head. 

Abide still in your house, thinke on your domestike affaires, 
confesse your selfe often, serve God, doe good unto the 
poore, and if any harme come to you of it, let mee take 
it upon my soule. 

Grood Wenches hold your peace (replyed Don Quixote :) 

for I know what I have to doe. In the meane while, let me 

be had to bed. Mee thinkes I am not ve^ well : yet assure 

your selves, that whether I be an Errant Anight, or a Shep- 

heard, I will carefully provide for all that you may stand m 

need of, and you shall see the effects of it. 

The Neece and the Maidservant, who without doubt were 

two merry good Wenches, layd him in his bed, and 

attended, and lookt so well unto him, as they could 

not possibly have done better. 



268 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER LXXIV 

How Don Quixote fell Sicke : of the Will he 
made, and of his death. 

5 all humane things being transitorie, and 
not eternal, are ever declining from their 
beginnings, untill they come unto their 
lastend and period ; but more espedally the 
lives of men. And as that of Don Quixote 
had no priviledge from Heaven to con* 
tinue in one estate, and keepe it's course, 
his end surprised him, at what time he 
least thought of it I wot not whether it proceeded of the 
melancholy, which the sad remembrance of his being van- 
quished caused in him ; or whether the disposition of the 
heavens had so decreed : so it is, that a burning Fever seyzed 
upon him, which forced him to keepe his bed aixe dayes. 

During which time, the Curate, the Bachelor, and the 
Barber, who were all his good friends, did very often visit 
him: and Sancho Pansa his good Squire never went from 
his bedside. 

They supposing, that the vexation and fretting, which he 
felt for having bin conquered ; as also because he saw not 
the accomplishment of his desires, touching the dis-enchant- 
ment of Dulcinea, caused this sicknes in him, endevoured by 
all possible meanes to make him mer^. 

The Bachelor desired him to be of good courage, and to 
rise, that they might begin their Pastorall Exercise, and 
how he had already composed an Eglogue, which was nothing 
behinde those that Sanazaro had compiled : That for the 
same purpose he had bought two goodly and C&ire dogges, 
and of great renowne, for to keepe their flocke, whereof the 
one was called Barcino, and the other Butron ; and how 
a Shepheard of Quintanar had sold them to him. 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER But for all this Don Quixote quitted not his sorrow, nor 

LXXIV left off his sadnesse. 
How Don His friends called for a Phisidan, who was nothing well 

Q*^*^)^ f®^ pleased with his pulse which he felt. And therefore hee told 
WlHiemad^ nim, that whatsoever might happen, he should not doe 
and of his * amisse to be^ to thinke on the salvation of his soule ; for, 
death. the health oi his body was in very great danger. 

Don Quixote, without being any whit amazed, did very 
quietly listen unto this discourse, which neyther his Niece, 
his maid, nor his Squire did: for, they were so deepely 
plunged in teares and weeping, as, had they scene gaistly 
death in the face, they coula have done no more. 

The Physician told them plainely, that onely melancholy, 
and his troublesome cares were the cause of his death. 

Don Quixote entreated the company to leave him alone, 
because he had a great desire to sleepe a while. They did 
so, and he had a sound nap (as they say) of sixe houres, so 
that the maid and his Neece thought hee would never 
have waked againe. Well, hee waked at last, and with 
a loud and audible voyce, he uttered these words; The 
Almighty God be for ever blessed, that hath done so much 
good for mee. To be short, his mercies have no bounds, 
they are neyther shortned nor hindred by the sinnes of 
man. 

The Neece listned with heedy attention unto her Vncles 
words, and perceiving that they were better couched, and 
wiser disposed then tinose he was accustomed to pronounce 
in al his sicknesses, she proposed this question unto him : 
My Lord and Vncle, what is that you say ? Is there any 
new matter befalne? what mercies doe you speake off? or 
what sinnes of men ? My good Neece, (replied Don Quixote) 
the mercies I talke of, are those which God of his goodnes 
hath at this instant conferred upon me wretched sinner, and 
my sinnes have beene no stop or let unto them. I possesse 
now a free and cleere judgement, and nothing overshadowed 
with the mysty clouas of ignorance, which the continuall 
reading and plodding on bookes of Chivalry had over-cast 
mee withall. 
270 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I acknowledge all these extravagancies, and confessc them CHAPTER 
to be but coozening tricks ; and am aggreeved that this LXXIV 
disabuse hath hapned so late unto me, as it affords me How Don 
no leysure to make amends for my oversight, by reading 9**{^*^)* C®^} 
of other good bookes, and which might serve and tend to WilAiemade 
the enlightning of my soule. My deare Neece, I feele my and of his ' 
selfe neere unto death, but I would not have it to be such, as death, 
the surname of foole should rest upon mee ; for, although I 
have beene foolish in my life, I desire not to confirme the 
truth of it in my death. And therefore my deare friend, 
goe and cause the Curate, the Bachelor Samson Carrasco, 
and Master Nicholas the Barber to come immediately unto 
mc. I desire to confcsse my selfe, and to make my last Will 
and Testament. His Neece was eased of this labour, by 
the comming of them all three, who even then entred the 
Chamber. Don Quixote no sooner saw them, but said thus 
unto them : 

My good Sirs, give me some new yceres gift, I am no more 
Don Quixote de la Mancha, but rather Alonso Quixano, unto 
whom my honest life and civill conversation hath heretofore 
appropriated the surname of Grood. I am now a professed 
enemy to Ameulis de Gaule, and of all the infinit rabble of 
his race. Now are all the prophane Histories of Errant 
Chivalry hatefull unto me; I now acknowledge my folly, 
and perceive the danger whereinto the reading of them 
hath Drought me. But now, by the meere mercy of my God, 
become wise, at my owne proper cost and charges, I utterly 
abhorrc them. When these three friends heard him speake 
so, they believed undoubtedly, that he was possessed with 
some new kind of foolislmesse. My Lord Don Quixote (said 
Samson unto him) now that the newes are come unto us, 
that the Lady Dulcinea of Toboso is dis-enchanted, doe you 
speake in this manner? And now that we are so neere 
hand to become shcpheards, that so we may in singing mirth 
and jollity lead a kinde of Princely life, doe you intend to 
become a Ilermite ? 

Hold your peace, I pray you (replied Don Quixote) recol- 
lect your wits together, ana let us leave all these discourses : 

871 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 



CHAPTER That, which hath hitherto served mee to my hurt and 

LXXIV ment, my death, by the assistance of heaveD, shall tume to 
How Don my good, and redound to my profit Grood sirs, I perceive 
§"if ^** r^H, *^"^ ^^^^^ death to follow mee at my heeles. Let us leave oS, 
WilHie made ^^^ M"'^ *"' merriments and jesting, and let mee have a Con- 
niid of his ' fessor to shrift mee, and a Notary to draw my last Will and 
death. Testament In the extremity whereunto I now finde and 

fi'elc my selfe, a man must not make a jest of his soule : and 
therefore whitest Master Curate is taking of my Confession, 
let mee have a Scrivener fetcht 

They stood all gazing one upon another, wondring at Don 
Quixote'^s sound reasons, although they made some doubt to 
believe them. One of the signes which induced them to 
conjecture, that he was necre unto Deaths dore, was, that 
with such facility hee was from a starke foole become a wise 
man. For, to tne words already alleadged, he added many 
more so significant, so Christian-like, and so well couchedf, 
that without doubt they confidently beleeved that Don 
Quixote was become a right wise man. The Curate made 
all those who were in the Chamber to avoid, and being left 
alone with him, tookc his Confession. The Bachelor Carrasco 
went to finde out a Notary, who not long after came with 
him, and with Sancho Pansa. This good Squire having 
imderstood from the mouth of the Bachelor, that his Master 
was in a very bad estate, and finding his Maid-servant and 
his Neece weeping very bitterly, began like a meul-man with 
his owne fists to thump and beate himselfe, and to shead 
brackish teares. 

The Confession being ended, the Curate came forth, and 
was heard to utter these words. Verily, verily, he is at liis 
last gaspe, and verily the good Alonso Quixano is become 
wise, and it is high time for him to make his last Will and 
Testament. 

These heavy newes opened the sluces of the teares-fuU and 
swolne-blubbering eyes of the maid, of the Neeces, and of 
his good Squire Sancho Pansa ; so that they showred forth 
whole fountains of teares, and fetched from the very bottom 
of their aggrieved hearts, a thousand groaning sighes. For, 
272 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in effect (as we have already declared elsewhere) whilst CHAPTER 
Don Quixote was simply the good Alonso Quixano, and LXXIV 
likewise when he was Don Quixote de la Mancha, he was How Don 
ever of a milde and affable disposition, and of a kinde and 9^^^ ^^^^ 
pleasine conversation : and therefore was he not onely VT^V© i^^ 
Deloved of all his houshold, but also of all those that knew and of his * 
him. death. 

In the meane space the Notary came, who after he« had 
written the beginning of his WiU ; and that Don Quixote 
had disposed of his soule, with all the circumstances required 
and nccessarie in a true Christian : and that hee was come 
unto the Legacies, he caused this to be written. Item, 
concerning a certaine summe of money, which Sancho Pansa, 
whom I meuie my Squire, whilest my folly possessed me, 
hath yet in his custody. For so much as betweene him and 
me, there remaine certaine odde reckonings and accounts to 
bee made up, of what he hath received, and laid out, my 
will and pleasure is, that he be not tyde to yeeld any account 
at all, nor bee in any bond for it : Nay rather, if any over- 

Elus remaine in his hands, having first fully paid and satisfied 
im of what I owe and am endebted to nim (which is no 
great matter,) my purpose is, that it be absolutely his owne, 
and much good may it do him. 

And as being then a foole, I was the cause that hee had 
the Government of an Hand given him, I would to God 
(now I am wise and in my perfect sences) it were in my 
power to give him a Kingdome : For, the sinceritie of his 
minde and the fidelitie of his comportments doe well deserve 
it. Then addressing himselfe unto Sancho, he made this 
speech unto him, My deare friend, pardon mee, that I have 
given thee occasion to seeme a foole as I was, in making 
thee to fall into the same errour wherein I was falne, 
that in the world there have beene, and still are Errant 
Knights. 

Alas and welladay, my good Sir, answered Sancho throb- 
bing and weeping, yeeld not unto death I pray you, but 
rather follow my counsell ; which is, that you endevour to 
live many faire yeeres. The greatest folly that any man 

4': MM 878 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER can commit in this world, is to give himselfe over unto 

^'^^^ death without apparant cause, except he be wilfully slaine. 

How Don or that no other hand bring him to his end, but that of 

§"if^-**f^ melancholy. 

^^he m^e O^c® more I beseech you, suffer not remissenesse or faint- 
and of his ' heartednes to overcome you. Bather rise out of your bed, 
death. and let us go into the fields attired like Shepheards, as we 

were once resolved to doe. It may come to passe, that we 
behinde some bush or shrub shall finde the Lady Madame 
Dulcinea dis-enchanted, so that we shall have no more 
businesse. If the vexation or irkesomenesse you feele to 
have been vanquished, attempt to bring you unto death, 
let me undertake the blame, who will stoutly maintaine in 
all places, and before all men, that you were overthrowne 
and quelled, because I had not well gyrt your Palfrey 
Rosinante. 

And vou have scene and read in your Bookes of Chivalry, 
that it IS an ordinarie thing for one Knight to thrust another 
out of his saddle ; and that he who is to day conquered, is to 
morrow a conquerour. 

It is most true (quoth Samson) and Sancho Pansa relates 
the very truth of such accidents. 

My Sirs, (replyed Don Quixote) I pray you goe not on so 
fast, since that in the nests of the last yeere, there are no 
birds of this yeere. Whilome I was a foole, but now I am 
wise : Sometimes I was Don Quixote de la Mancha, but am 
now (as I have already told you) the good Alonso Quixano. 
Let my unfained repentance, and the truth of what I say, 
obtaine this favour at your courteous hands, that you will 
have the same estimation of me now, which you have had 
heretofore. And so let Master Notary proceed. 

Item, I make and institute my Neece Antoinette Quixana, 
(who is heere present) generall heyre of all my goods what- 
soever, having first deducted out of them all, that shall be 
necessary for the full accomplishment of the Legacies which 
I have bequeathed : And the first thing I would have dis- 
charged, I purpose, shall bee the wages which I owe unto 
my Maid-servant; and that, over and besides, she have 
274 



N 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

twenty ducats delivered unto her, to buy her some good CHAPTER 
clothes withall. LXXIV 

Item, I appoint and institute Master Curate, and Master How Don 
Samson Carrasco the Bachelor hcere present, to be the over- J^."{^®.*® C®S 
seers and Executors of this my last Will and Testament. Willhe made 

Item, my will and pleasure is, that if Antoinette Quixana and of his 
my Neece chance to marry, that it be to a man of whom death, 
diligent enquiry shall first be meule, that he is utterly 
ignorant of bookcs of Chivalrie, and that he never heard 
speech of them. And if it should happen, that hee have 
read them, and that notwithstanding my Neece will, or 
take him to her Husband, that she utterly lose, and never 
have any thing that I have bequeathed her as an inherit- 
ance, all which, my Executors and Assignes may, at their 
pleasure as shall seeme good unto them, imploy and dis- 
tribute in pious uses. 

Item, I mtreat the said Executors and Over-seers of my 
Will, that if by good fortune, they come to the knowledge 
of the Author, who is said to have composed an History, 
which goes from hand to hand, under the Title of The 
Second Part of the heroike Jeates of Armes of Don Quiavie 
dc la Mancha^ they shall in my behalfe most affectionately 
desire him to pardon me ; for that I have unawares given 
them occasion to write so infinite a number of great ex- 
travagancies and idle impertinencies : for so much as I 
depart out of this life with this scruple upon my con- 
science, to have given him subject ana cause to publish 
them to the world. 

He had no sooner ended his discourse, and signed and 
sealed his Will and Testament, but a swouning and faint- 
nesse surprising him, he stretched himselfe the full length 
of his bed. AH the company were much distracted and 
mooved thereat, and ranne presently to help him : And 
during the space of three dayes, that he lived after he had 
made his will, he did swoune and fall into trances almost 
every houre. 

All the house was in a confusion and uprore : All which 
notwithstanding the Neece ceased not to feede very devoutly; 

875 



THE SECOND PART OF THE 

CHAPTER the Maid-servant to drinke profoundly, and Sancho to live 
LXXIV merrily. For, when a man is in hope to inherit any thin^. 
How Don that hope doth deface, or at least moderate in the minde 
Quixote fell Qf i]^q inheritor the remembrance or feeling of the sorrow 
WiUhe made *"^ g*"^^^^* which of reason he should have a feeling of the 
and of his ' Testators death. 

death. To conclude, the last day of Don Quixote came, after he 

had received all the Sacraments; and had by many and godly 
reasons meule demonstration to abhorre all the Bookes of 
Errant Chivalry. 

The Notary was present at his death, and reporteth, how 
he had never read or found in any book of Chivalrie, that 
any Errant Knight died in his bed, so mildly, so quietly, and 
so Christianly as did Don Quixote. 

Amidst the wailefull plaints, and blubbering teares of the 
by-standers, he yeelded up the ghost, that is to say, hee 
died, which the Curate perceiving, he desired the Notary to 
make him an attestation or certificate, how Alonso Quixano, 
surnamed the good, and who was commonly called Don 
Quixote de la Mancha, he was deceased out of this life 
unto another, and dyed of a naturall death. Which 
testificate he desired, to remove all occasions from some 
Authors, except Cid Hamete Benengeli falsely to raise 
him from death againe, and write endless histories of his 
famous acts. 

This was the end of the ingenious Grentleman de la 
Mancha, of whose birth-place Cid Hamete hath not beene 
pleased to declare manifestly the situation unto us, to the 
end that all Villages, Townes, Boroughs and Hamlets of la 
Mancha should contest, quarrell, and dispute among them- 
selves the honor to have produced him, as did the seven 
Cities of Greece for the love of Homer : wee have not beene 
willing to make mention and relate in this place, the dolefuU 
plaints of Sancho ; nor those of the Neece and Maid-servant 
of Don Quixote, nor likewise the sundry new and quaint 
Epitaphs which were graven over his tombc ; Content your 
selfe with this which the Bachelor Samson Carrasco placed 
there. 
276 



i 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Here lyes the Gentle Knight, and stout, CHAPTER 
That to that height of valour got, LXXIV 

As if you marke his deeds throughout, xr^ 1^^ 

Death on his life triumphed not q^.,^^^ ^^1 

With bringing of his death ahout Sicke: of the 

The world as nothing hee did prize^ ^^^ of his ' 

For as a Scar-crow in mens eves^ death. 

He liv'd, and was their Bug-beare too ; 
And had the luck with much adoe. 
To live a foole, and yet die wise. 

In the meane while, the wise and prudent Cid Hamete 
Benengeli addrest this speech unto his writing pen : Heere 
it is (oh my slender quiU, whether thou be ill or well cut) 
that thou shalt abide hanged upon those racks whereon they 
hang spits and broaches, being there-unto fastned with this 
copper wire : There shalt thou live many ages, except some 
rash, fond-hardy and lewd Historian take thee downe to 
profane thee. Neverthelesse, before they lay hands upon 
thee, thou maist, as it were by way of advertisment, and 
as well as thou canst, boldly tell them. Away, packe hence, 
stand a farre off, you wicked botchers, and ungracious 
Souters, and touch me not, since to me onely it belongs 
to cause to be imprinted Cum bono Privtlegio Regia 
Majestatis. Don Quixote was bom for me alone, and I 
had my birth onely for him. If he hath been able to 
produce the effects, I have had the glory to know how 
to write and compile them well. To be short. He and 
I are but one selfe-same thing, maugre and in despite of 
the fabulous Scribler do Tordesillas, who hath rashly and 
malapertly dared with an Estridse course and bungling pen, 
to write the prowesse and high Feates of Armes of my 

valorous Knight. 

This fardle is too-too heavy for his weake shoulders, and 
his dull wit over-cold and frozen for such an enterprise. 
And if peradventure thou know him, thou shalt also advise 
him to suffer the weary and already rotten bones of Don 
Quixote to rest in his Sepulcher: For, it would be too 
great a cruelty, if contrary to all Orders and Decrees of 

2T7 



