LIBRARY 


NEWPORT 
R.1I. 


GARDNER BLANCHARD PERRY FUND 


A HISTORY OF 
RESTORATION DRAMA 
1660-1700 


CAMBRIDGE 
UNIVERSITY PRESS 
LONDON: Fetter Lane 


New Yor«x 
The Macmillan Co. 


Bomsgay, CatcuTta and 
Mapras 
Macmillan and Co., Ltd, 


‘Toronto 
The Macmillan Co. of 
Canada, Ltd. 


Toxyo 
Maruzen-Kabushiki-Kaisha 


All rights reserved 


A HISTORY OF 
RESTORATION DRAMA 
1660-1700 


BY 
ALLARDYCE NICOLL 


SECOND EDITION 


CAMBRIDGE 
AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS 


1928 


First Edition 1923 
Second Edition revised 1928 


(49942. 


PRINTED IN GREAT BRITAIN 


PREFATORY NOTE 


of tragedy in the Restoration period but the history of the 

theatres and stage conditions as well, condensation was 
obviously necessary. I should have wished to present in full 
the documents from the Lord Chamberlain’s department of 
the Public Record Office, and to indicate the sources of in- 
formation regarding the dates of plays produced during this 
period. The documents, however, could not all have been 
given in extenso, and the-entries of plays in the Term Cata- 
logues, the Stationers’ Register and other books and manu- 
scripts would have gravely encumbered the already numerous 
notes. It will be realised that many of the dates of first 
production of Restoration plays are conjectural. The records 
of Herbert, Pepys and Evelyn for the earlier period enable 
us to fix on an actual month and day for many; but thereafter 
‘ the only guides are the play-lists given in Appendix B (first 
printed in The Times Literary Supplement in 1922 and 1923 
and reproduced here by permission), the Stationers’ Register, 
the Term Catalogues and a few scattered sources such as the 
newsletters catalogued in the Reports of the Historical Manu- 
scripts Commission and Motteux’ Gentleman’s fournal. Where 
the date is more or less strictly determinable, I have placed 
it without any comment; where it is conjectural merely, I 
have indicated the fact by prefacing it with a circa. Through- 
out the whole of the book I have shortened the Theatre Royal 
in Vere Street to T.R. in V.St., the Theatre Royal in Bridges 
Street to T.R. in B.St., the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane 
to D.L., the playhouse in Lincoln’s Inn Fields to L.I.F., and 
that in Dorset Garden to D.G. For the more obvious critical 
works and stage histories similar abbreviations have been 
employed. Langbaine, unless otherwise indicated, refers to 
An Account of the English Dramatic Poets (1691), Gildon’s 
Langbaine to The Lives of the Poets (1699), Biographia 


le this work, covering not only the history of comedy and 


vi PREFATORY NOTE 


Dramatica to the work of Reed and Jones issued in 1812, 
Downes to Roscius Anglicanus (1709), Wright to Historia 
Histrionica (1699), Genest to Some Account of the English 
Stage (1832), Ward to the History of English Dramatic 
Literature (1899). ‘These works are so well known to students 
of the theatre that they seemed to require no further comment. 

The hand-list of Restoration plays given in Appendix C is, 
as I have indicated there, a condensed account based on a 
larger bibliography which I have in preparation. Some half 
a dozen editions mentioned I have not been able to see, and 
these I have indicated by a question mark. They no doubt 
exist ; but the bibliography of this period has been so confused 
in the past by the careless copying of careless early chrono- 
logers of the stage that I did not wish to perpetuate in any 
way facts which might, after all, be wrong. 

Quotations are usually from original editions, although 
a few are taken from later reprints, where these differed in 
no essentials from the primal text. As in this work quota- 
tions are employed merely to illustrate a general or a par- 
ticular thesis, it has not been thought necessary to pay such 
exact attention to the original forms as would be required in 
the editing of a writer’s works. In every case, however, the 
reading of the quotations has been compared with that of the 
first editions. ‘These remarks do not apply, of course, to the 
excerpts from the Lord Chamberlain’s documents, in which 
I have endeavoured to reproduce faithfully the precise text 
of the manuscripts. 

In the somewhat arduous task of gathering materials I have 
to thank several persons. The officials of the British Museum 
and of the Public Record Office, by their courtesy and 
helpfulness, frequently made my toil the lighter, and there are 
others to whom my debt of gratitude is equally great. This 
work, however, would probably never have seen the light 
had it not been for the encouragement and assistance of 
my wife, to whom my debt is immeasurably greatest. 


A.N. 
September, 1923. 


PREFACE TO THE SECOND EDITION 


throughout in order to bring the survey of drama from 

1660 to 1700 up to date. No new documentary matter 
has been printed on the subject since the appearance of the 
first edition in 1923, but research into the works of particular 
authors has revealed a number of fresh facts, principally con- 
nected with the dating of plays. A summary of the more im- 
portant studies is given in a series of additional notes to this 
volume, which incorporate also the results of some original 
work. 


ale HE text of this volume has been revised and corrected 


A.N. 
July, 1927. 


CONTENTS 


Chapter One: THE THEATRE 


Introductory 
The Audience. 


. Influence of the Audience on o Drama. 
. The Theatre: Scenery and Show 


The Actors and Actresses 


Chapter Two: TRAGEDY 


3 
rf, 


Restoration Tragedy and Comedy: Introductory 
Elizabethan and Foreign Influences . : 


. The Rimed Heroic Tragedy: 1664-1677 . 


Other Types of Tragedy: 1660-1677 

Tragedy and Opera: 1678-1700 : 
Adaptations of Shakespeare and of other Elizabethan 
Dramatists. . . , . - : 


Chapter Three: COMEDY 


Ze 


Introductory: Elizabethan and F oreign Models 


II. Types of Restoration Comedy . . 
III. The Jonsonian Element: Shadwell . 
IV. The Comedy of Intrigue: Mrs Behn 
V. The Comedy of Dryden . 

VI. The Comedy of Manners 
VII. Farce and Comedy of Sentiment 


Appendix A. HisToRY OF THE PLAYHOUSES: 1660-1700 


Index . # - . . “s m A . - 


Be B. Sevecr DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATING THE 
HISTORY OF THE STAGE 


C. HAaNnpD-LIsT OF RESTORATION PLAYS 


D. AppitionaL Notes To SECOND EDITION . 


PAGE 


CHAPTER ONE 
THE THEATRE 


I. Introductory 


4 historian of those forty years which are usually called 
the period of the Restoration is faced probably by more 
difficulties than is the historian of any other portion of our 
literature. The works of which he treats have been, rightly 
or wrongly, neglected by scholar and by layman alike. There 
are many reprints of Elizabethan plays, an index no less of 
academic than of general interest in the subject, but the 
majority of the late seventeenth century dramas are to be 
found only in their original editions. The whole period is 
one which for long has been untouched, and precisely because 
of that he who would now deal with it is confronted with 
countless problems, all of them important but of which two— 
the one of treatment and the other of appreciation—would 
seem to call for detailed mention. 

The first of these two main problems, the difficulty of 
presenting a strict and impartial account of this drama, has 
been well expressed by M. Beljame in his illuminating study 
of Le Public et les Hommes de Lettres au Dixhuitiéme Siecle. 
It may be summed up by saying that, owing to the mass of 
prejudiced opinion, he who would now bring the works of 
Ravenscroft and of Tate to light lies in the danger of being 
accused by modern moralists of a perverted judgment and 
of an uncultured taste. If the historian is to be exact, if he 
is to give a true picture of his period and its productivity, 
he must quote characters, incidents, plots and words—all 
four often not at all in the taste of the present time. If he is 
too reticent and omits some of these characters, incidents, 
plots or words his picture will not be complete, rather will 
it be false and one-sided: and yet, on the other hand, if he 


NRD I 


2 THE THEATRE 


does present everything which he feels bears upon the social 
life, the audiences and the theatrical atmosphere of the age, 
he undoubtedly runs the risk of being accounted faulty both 
in critical acumen and in moral probity. This first difficulty, 
however, real and serious as it may be, is not so important 
or disturbing as that other one, the difficulty of appreciation. 
Granted that the student has chosen this subject for his 
study, it is easily seen that it behoves him faithfully and 
without any omissions to present whatever documentary evi- 
dence he may have to make his account complete. There is 
truly nothing that for him should be unquotable. The risk 
of being misunderstood is there, ever-present before him, 
but it must be ignored. After all, every aspect of our literature 
and every period of our social history deserves our closest 
attention: and only one who is wholly swayed by ethical 
considerations would deny that a student may write a bio- 
graphy of Wilde or an analysis of court corruption without 
' thereby identifying himself with the persons or the period 
of his particular choice. 

The second difficulty, more personal as it is, offers a 
problem which must be more subtly considered, a problem 
which each student has carefully to take account of before 
entering on a subject such as this. There is always a ten- 
dency, when working on a period almost universally neglected 
and despised, either to exaggerate the follies and the vices 
of the time or to indulge in uncritical enthusiasm for anything 
that may have the remotest semblance to beauty, even for 
what has in it but an imaginary worth. There is the danger, 
that is to say, of adopting the attitude of Macaulay and of 
condemning wholesale, and there is the danger of escaping 
to the other extreme—of professing to believe that the age of 
the Restoration has in it a glory which it utterly lacks, of 
extolling Dryden at the expense of Shakespeare, Congreve at 
the expense of Jonson. These dangers seem all the greater 
when we consider that the historian of literature is hardly in 
the same position as the historian of social life or of national 
events. He is more apt to be swayed by sudden personal 
judgments, more subject to losing sight of a whole period in 


INTRODUCTORY 3 


an emotional enthusiasm for an individual work of art, or of 
a complete work of art in a particular scene or passage. More 
than all others, the study of Restoration drama demands a 
continual care, a restrained enthusiasm, a balanced and un- 
emotional weighing up of the facts presented before us. What, 
above all other things, is demanded from anyone who would 
render a true and faithful account of these forty years of 
dramatic excitement is impartiality—a recognition both of 
the limitations and of the excellencies of the subject under 
discussion. 

These limitations cannot too often be insisted upon. In 
dealing with the dramatic literature of this time we must 
remember that the people to whom the comedies and the 
tragedies appealed formed but an infinitesimal portion of one 
town in the whole of Britain. There was no theatre estab- 
lished in any provincial English town until long after this 
date. Puritanism in Scotland forbade the acting of plays 
until the eighteenth century. Only Dublin had during the 
time of the Restoration a definite playhouse, and that play- 
house did not call forth anything very noticeable in the way 
of dramatic productivity. Its repertoire was made up largely 
of comedies and of tragedies which already had met with a 
favourable reception on the London stage. Beyond this, we 
have to remember that not by any means all of the citizens 
of London itself attended the public theatres. Plays and 
poems, we may say, for the middle classes of London and 
elsewhere had little or no interest: for them were issued the 
numerous pamphlets and heavy tomes dealing with theo- 
logical controversy which make up more than three-quarters 
of the entries in The Term Catalogues. Nor must it be pre- 
sumed that the circumscribed audience of upper class people 
had a monopoly of scintillating wit, of good taste, of fine 
cultured judgment or of wisdom. All through their drama, 
their poetry, their criticism runs a lack of thought, a strange 
absence of sympathy for anything outside of their own futile 
lives. They had not sufficient aesthetic sense to hiss the 
heroic tragedy off the stage; they had not sufficient moral 
probity to condemn the utter filth which dramatists, small 


I-2 


p THE THEATRE 


and great, professional and amateur, flung before their jaded 
senses in the playhouse. Contemporary science, contem- 
porary philosophy did not touch them, The struggles of the 
newly-born Royal Society were about as alien to their 
sympathies as the more rhetorical calls to godliness on the 
part of pamphleteering Puritan divines. 

On the other hand, despite and sometimes because of those 
limitations, this drama of a small and select few gave to art 
something which could not have been achieved either in the 
theatre of Athens, with its thirty thousand spectators, or in 
the theatre of Elizabeth, with its mixed audience of appren- 
tices and peers. The elegance, the precision, the recaptured 
classic grace which mark out the best poetic works of 
Sedley and of Rochester even as they mark out the better 
comedies of manners of the time would have been unattain- 
able in any period where the limitations were less stringent. 
The satiric power of Dryden, the rapier-like thrust of the 
heroic couplet, the easy repartee of the dramatic prose were 
the results of a new audience, of a new reading and playgoing 
public, of a new aim. 

This new aim, moreover, was not confined to mere literary 
expression. It is to be sought for in many different channels, 
the most important for our purpose being the structure of 
the theatre itself. The first years of the Restoration period 
certainly saw the birth of the modern stage, and with the 
birth of the modern stage, the arising of the modern spirit 
in drama. The introduction of actresses, the employment of 
scenery, the change of platform to picture-frame stage, all 
these things and many more are the results of a fresh outlook 
on the part of the audience, the reflex of a new set of spec- 
tators in the theatre. It would not be going too far to say, 
when we look at D’Avenant and Betterton on the one hand 
and at Dryden, Congreve and Rowe on the other, that almost 
all the manifestations of the modern theatre, from the music- 
hall to the most serious playhouse, from Masefield to Shaw, 
had their origin in this period of the Restoration. 

Mere historical interest of this kind, however, would not 
serve to make the study of this age of very paramount im- 


INTRODUCTORY 5 


portance. No study of art productivity can be justified unless 
aesthetic considerations are entered into. Some literary 
excellence must be descried if any period is to be allowed 
as the hunting ground for literary historians. Happily, and 
even when we recognise the depravity of so many of the 
comedies, the follies of so many of the tragedies, that literary 
excellence in the period of the Restoration is not far to seek. 
No half century could be styled worthless that, in one small 
and circumscribed form of art, could produce such permanent 
beauties as the heroic couplet and blank verse of Dryden, 
the pathos and the terror of Otway, the flashing wit and 
scintillating dialogue of Congreve. We may condemn certain 
aspects of Restoration life and of Restoration dramatic 
literature: we may see in both the last wave of decadence 
which had been gathering force from the early years of the 
seventeenth century : but we must, at the same time, recognise 
that that period, too, deserves our attention as literary 
historians, and that it has given to us a type of art, different 
from the art of Shakespeare, yet containing beauties unknown 
on the earlier stage. 


Il. The Audience 


All dramatic art depends ultimately for its form and content 
on the audience. The spectators of 1590 gave birth to As You 
Like It: the spectators of 1600 to Hamlet and to Every Man 
in his Humour: the spectators of 1670 to The Conquest of - 
Granada and to The Man of Mode. Fundamentally, inde- 
pendent genius counts for less in the world of the theatre 
than does the general atmosphere of the time: ‘‘the drama’s 
laws the drama’s patrons give” is a rule which, it seems, may 
never be broken. Less than any other art is the drama ahead 
of its time. It reflects, very rarely prophesies: its basis is the 
world of sentiment around, not before, it. 

Of all audiences, the audience of the years 1660 to 1700 is 
perhaps the easiest to analyse. Save for the very first year 
or two of the Restoration, two theatres, and for over twelve 
years, one theatre, supplied the wants of the London play- 


6 THE THEATRE 


going public of the time. Instead of cries that admittance 
was unobtainable, we meet with lament after lament that the 
managers and promoters could barely make ends meet’. If 
one theatre had a new play by a well-known author the other 
was as if deserted, sometimes summoning barely sufficient 
spectators to make a performance either advisable or even 
possible? Outside of London, except for several strolling 


1 See, for the history of the theatres, Appendix A. 

2 References to small audiences are frequent in prologue and in epi- 
logue from the earliest to the latest period. The first, probably, is that 
which appears in D’Avenant’s prologue to the second part of The Siege 
of Rhodes: 

“Oh! Money! Money! if the Wits would dress 
With Ornaments, the present face of Peace; 
And to our Poet half that Treasure spare, 
Which Faction gets from Fools to nourish War; 
Then his contracted Scenes should wider be, > 
And move by greater Engines, till you see 
(Whilst you securely sit) fierce Armies meet....” 


About 1675-6 the T.R. seems to have been in a peculiarly bad way. See 
the prologue to a revival of Every Man out of His Humour (July, 1675) in 
Duffett’s New Poems, Songs, Prologues and Epilogues, Never before Printed 
(1676), p. 72, and the epilogue to Lee’s Gloriana (D.L. 1676): 

“ They told me at t’other House y’had left us quite... 

Good faith I'm very glad to see you here! 

Tis well you can at a New Play appear.” 


About the year 1667 Pepys has many references to paucity of audiences. 
On Wed. 17 April, 1667, the King’s house for Rollo was empty: it was 
“mighty empty” on Thurs. 1 Aug. for The Custom of the Country: it 
was poor on Mon. Aug. 26 for The Surprisal: and “not one soul’’ was 
in the pit by three o’clock on Mon. 16 Sept. The Union of 1682, when 
the two theatres amalgamated, was really the result of financial failure, 
and no one appears to have been inconvenienced because only one play- 
house was open. When Betterton had seceded to the long disused L.1.F. 
house in 1695, the old complaints started again. Thus Jo. Haynes spoke 
the epilogue to Farquhar’s Love and a Bottle (D.L. 1699) “‘in Mourning”: 

“T Come not here, our Poet’s Fate to see, 

He and his Play may both be damn’d for me: 

No, Royal Theatre, I come to Mourn for Thee. 

And must these Structures then untimely fall, 

Whilst th’ other House stands, and gets the Devil and all?” 


* Pepys found the T.R. empty on Thurs. July 4, 1661, at Claracilla 
because of the recent opening of D’Avenant’s “opera”: on Mon. Mar. 7, 
1663-4, he found L.I.F. empty because of a new play at the T.R.: the 
emptiness of the T.R. on Mon. Aug. 26, 1667, was due to the production 
of Sir Martin Mar-ail at L.1.F.: on Mon. Sept. 16, 1667, Pepys noted that 
L.I.F. was full for Tu Quoque but the T.R. empty for The Scornful Lady: 
on Sat. 5 Oct. 1667, the T.R. was empty for Flora’s Vagaries because of 
a “new play” at L.I.F.: on Thurs. 14 May, 1668, the T.R. house was 


THE AUDIENCE 4 


companies and for visits of the London companies to Oxford 
and Cambridge", plays were unknown, and in the metropolis 
itself only a very small proportion of the people favoured 
the theatre. Charles had been restored with practically the 
full consent of the nation, but the Puritan tenets which had 
made possible the eighteen years duration of the Common- 
wealth régime could certainly not have vanished with the 
mere restoration of a king to his throne. Had the courtiers 
been less debauched, had Charles been less the slave to his 
passions, had the playwrights maintained a more sedate 
attitude towards life, the citizens might, too, have flocked to 
the playhouses as in Elizabethan times. Of direct reference 
to the middle classes in the theatre we have practically no 
record®. During the Dutch wars when a certain number of 
the gallants and the beaux were gone to sea, an appeal might 
be made from the stage to the citizens ‘‘ of Lombard-street,” 
but in the main those who were engaged in business, unless 
they were younger sons of the nobility, were ridiculed in 
plays, undesired among the spectators. The courtiers made 
of the theatre a meeting-place of their own, with licence of 
all kinds, bringing there their dubious loves, so that those 
citizens who still retained some of their Puritan convictions 
shunned the place like a plague®. More personal motives 
may have entered in as well. In the comedies, and the 


small for The Country Captain because of The Sullen Lovers at L.I.F.: 
“not £10” was in the T.R. for The Faithful Shepherdess on Fri. Feb. 26, 
1669, because The Royal Shepherdess had been performed for the first 
time at L.I.F. the day before. 

1 See Appendix A. 

2 The presence of citizens in the theatre was four times noted by 
Pepys and always as an exception, on Sat. Dec. 27, 1662 (second part of 
The Siege of Rhodes), on Thurs. Jan. 1, 1662-3 (The Villain), on Wed. 
1 Jan. 1667-8 (Sir Martin Mar-all), on Sat. Dec. 26, 1688 (Women Pleas’d). 
It is noticeable that all of these were at the Duke’s theatre, and all round 
the Christmas or New Year season. It is possible that the citizens visited 
the playhouse only on special occasions such as this, and that the “show” 
of D’Avenant’s house particularly appealed to them. 

3 See Wright, Historia Histrionica, p. 6; he avers that ‘“‘many of the 
more Civilised Part of the Town are uneasy in the Company, and shun 
the Theater as they would a House of Scandal.” Tom Brown in his 
Play-house makes a similar remark that “‘ Men of Figure and Consideration 
are known by seldom being there, and Men of Wisdom and Business by 
being always absent” [Works, 1708, 11. 41]. 


8 THE THEATRE 


comedies are but a reflex of real life, the citizens’ wives are 
made fair game for the debauched sparks, their husbands the 
mere butts for ill-placed wit and buffoonery. It must cer- 
tainly have appeared to many that the introduction of their 
women-folk into this place of ogling eyes and significant leers 
was a proceeding injudicious, to say the least. 

The spectators, then, for whom the poets wrote and the 
actors played were the courtiers and their satellites. The 
noblemen in the pit and boxes, the fops and beaux and wits 
or would-be-wits who hung on to their society, the women 
of the court, depraved and licentious as the men, the cour- 
tesans with whom these women of quality moved and con- 
versed as on equal terms, made up at least four-fifths of the 
entire audience. Add a sprinkling of footmen in the upper 
gallery, a stray country cousin or two scattered throughout 
the theatre, and the picture of the audience is complete. 

All of these took their cue from the king. Charles returned 
from his exile with a very definite love of the drama and of 
literature in general. The theatre became with him a par- 
ticular hobby. Of the two licensed houses, one, that which 
included the actor Mohun, was styled the Theatre Royal, its 
players, His Majesty’s Servants, the other, that which in- 
cluded Betterton, was called the Duke’s Theatre, from the 
fact that it was patronised by the brother of the King, the 
Duke of York. Charles was the first English sovereign to 
attend in any frequency a public playhouse, his initial 
appearance there being, according to Downes, at the opening 
of the new Duke’s Theatre on Friday, June 28, 16612. 
He had, of course, his own private playhouse at Whitehall, 
and there performances were given occasionally®, but his 

* “ The City neither likes us nor our Wit,” says Shadwell in the epilogue 
to The Lancashire Witches (D.G. 1681). 


“ They say their Wives learn ogling in the Pit; 
They’r from the Boxes taught to make Advances, 
To answer stolen Sighs and naughty Glances.” 


* Downes, p. 34. Downes is wrong in the actual date, which is deter- 
_ tined from a reference in Pepys. 

* In 1666 one Glover was appointed keeper of this theatre (Cal. State 
Papers, Dom. Series, Charles II, 1666-7, p. 278). There is a letter dated 
Feb. 26, 1600, mentioned in the Hist. MSS. Commission Report, v. 202, 


THE AUDIENCE 9 


main interest seems to have been in the public theatres. He 
acted as judge whenever anything happened to disturb the 
equanimity of the management, even going so far as to allot 
shares which had fallen vacant!, and governing the actions 
of the players?. He had his favourites among the actors, 
Lacy in particular, whom he caused to be painted for his 
palace. He had his loves among the actresses, the children 
of Nell Gwyn becoming Dukes and Lords. He it was who 
set the fashion for rimed plays, as Roger Boyle, Earl of 
Orrery, expressly informs us. He set Tuke to write The 
Adventures of Five Hours and Crowne to pen Sir Courtly 
Nice. He it was who provided vestments for the actors on 
special occasions, passing his state robes over to Mohun or 
to Betterton as the case might be. Fora revival of D’Avenant’s 
Love and Honour at L.I.F. sometime before 1665 the royal 
coronation suits were worn in the theatre®, and the same 
suits apparently were lent again to the Duke’s playhouse for 
the production of Orrery’s Henry V in 16644. On Dec. 11, 
1667, Pepys heard that Charles was to give {500 for garments 
to deck up Catiline at the 'T.R., but seemingly the lending 
of state robes was an easier thing to get out of the merry 
monarch than a sum of money, however small. A month 
later the production of Catzline was being held over, the 
King’s present not forthcoming. 

From this royal countenance of the theatre the actors and 
the playwrights gained a certain amount of prestige. Of all 
artists they were nearest the court. They expressed in every 
way the sentiments of the court, and, unhappily, not only 
the wit they met with there in the persons of Rochester and 
which states that plays at court were thereafter to be abolished, but for 
many years both troupes of players presented dramas there. For details 
see Appendix B and the records of Pepys. 

1 That which lapsed owing to the death of Theophilus Bird was assigned 
by him (Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, Charles II, 1663-4, p. 121). 

2 Thus in July, 1663, Henry Harris left the Duke’s company for the 
royal troupe, but was forced by royal command to return (Pepys, July 22, 
1663). The year before, in 1662, John Richards had similarly deserted 
for the Dublin theatre. The King thought fit to issue a warrant immediately, 
commanding the Lord Lieutenant to arrest him at once and ship him 


back to England (Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1661-2, p. 455). 
3 Downes, Roscius Anglicanus, p. 21. * Downes, p. 27. 


10 THE THEATRE 


of Sedley or the exalted romance of Mdlle de Scudéry, but 
also the profound royalism of the Stuart régime. The ultra- 
monarchism which pervades this theatre may astound us 
nowadays, but it must be remembered that, not only were 
the dramatists and the actors cavaliers by necessity, the 
Puritans condemning and decrying their very means of liveli- 
hood, but that they were fettered by a fairly strict and pre- 
judiced censorship. At first, certainly, some slight latitudes 
seem to have been allowed, as when the lost play of Howard’s, 
The Change of Crowns, was acted before the King, who flew 
into a most uncharacteristic passion and ordered it to be 
restrained—only, characteristically, to permit its revival in 
a few days’ time. Other plays, we know from contemporaries, 
were regarded as attacks at the court, and were allowed, but 
for the most part the office of censor, held in turn by Herbert 
and by Killigrew, was rigidly exercised. An interdiction was 
laid sometime or another on The Maid’s Tragedy1. Crowne’s 
Henry the Sixth, part I (1681), because of some anti-Catholic. 
sentiments expressed in it, was suppressed”. Charles allowed, 
but James disallowed, the acting of Dryden’s The Spanish 
Fryar (D.G. 1680)?. Shadwell suffered for some injudicious 
remarks in The Lancashire Witches (D.G. 1681), Lee for 
Lucius Junius Brutus (D.G. 1680)*, Banks for The Innocent 
Usurper (1693) and for Cyrus the Great (L.I.F. 1695)°. 

At several definite points in the history of this period, 
however, a certain amount of criticism would seem to have 
been tolerated, precisely because men did not know where 
to stand. At first, naturally enough, all the “‘ political” plays 


1 See Fowell, F. and Palmer, F., Censorship in England (1913), p. 101. 

2 Dedication to The English Frier (D.L. 1690). 

* The order of suppression is in the P.R.O., L.C. 5/147, p. 239: it is 
dated Dec. 8, 1686, and commands “‘that y® play called y® Spanish Friar 
should bee noe more Acted.”’ ; 

4 The order is dated Dec. 11, 1680 (L.C. 5/144, p. 28): “‘ Whereas I am 
informed that there is Acted by you a Play called Lucius Junius Brutus... 
wherein are very Scandalous Expressions & Reflections vpon y® Govern- 
ment these are to require you Not to Act y® said Play again.” 

° Tate’s Richard II was similarly banned on Dec. 14, 1680 (P.R.O., 
L.C. 5/144, p. 29). Dryden and Lee’s The Duke of Guise on July 18, 1682 
(P.R.O., L.C. 5/16, p. ror) and Crowne’s The City Politiques on June 26, 
1682 (P.R.O., L.C. 5/16, p. 83). See also Fowell and Palmer, op. cit. p. 103. 


THE AUDIENCE Il 


were violently monarchist, but later the indecision of the 
court in regard to religion led to a definite break of the 
dramatists into two camps, some, like Mrs Behn and D’Urfey, 
supporting the court as far as lay in their power, others, such 
as Settle and Shadwell, violently condemnatory of all but 
Protestant principles. The first era of keen political and re- 
ligious controversy in the playhouses may be dated from 
1679 to 1685, and in that era we do find a mass of conflicting 
satire, the dramatists carrying on what was literally a little 
verbal war of their own!. Another period of extreme excite- 
ment centres around the years 1689 and 1690, but then most 
of the political plays produced, such as The Abdicated Prince, 
The Bloody Duke and The Royal Voyage (all 1690), were 
either not meant to be acted, or were unable to secure a 
theatrical production. 

This keen party and religious atmosphere, this intimate 
interest of the King in all affairs theatrical, this audience 
intent upon their own pleasures and upon court affairs rather 
than upon the plays themselves, were bound to produce a 
type of drama different from the drama of the former years. 
The theatre was their toy: they could do with it what they 
liked. They could appropriate a certain portion of the play- 
house, that apparently between the front curtain and the 
outer edge of the stage, and stand there, conversing more or 
less wittily, picking their teeth and ‘“‘oft combing their 
Hair?.” This was no doubt between the acts, for, peculiarly 
enough when we think of Elizabethan example, no very great 
body of spectators, if any at all, would appear to have 
occupied seats on the stage itself until a comparatively late 
date in the century. In 1664 Sorbiéres particularly observed 
that this vice was not in practice then®, and it is not until 


1 See, for this whole question, an article of mine in the Mod. Lang. 
Review, xvi, July—Oct. 1921. Tatham’s The Rump (1659-60), the anony- 
mous Cromwell’s Conspiracy (1660) and Howard’s The Committee (1662) 
are typical examples of the anti-Commonwealth productions of the early 
years. The plays mentioned above may be regarded as typical also of the 
later controversy. Note might be taken of Settle’s The Female Prelate 
(D.L. 1679). 

2 D’Avenant’s The Man’s the Master (L.1.F. c. 1668) epilogue. 

® Relation d’un Voyage en Angleterre (Paris, 1664), p. 63. 


2 THE THEATRE 


about 1690 that we find many references to the custom. In 
1674 it was apparently unknown, for Vincent saw fit to omit 
all references to gallants on the stage when he was re-writing 
Dekker’s Gul’s Horn-Book. On the other hand, in 1691, one 
of the characters in D’Urfey’s The Marriage-Hater Match’d 
(D.L. 1691), declares of a lord: ‘I have seen him spoil many 
a Comedy, by baulking the Actors entrance, for when I have 
eagerly expected some Buffoon to divert, the first nauseous 
appearance has been my Lord.” In the next year Settle, 
if he be the author, issued an imploring prologue to The 
Fairy Queen (D.G. 1692) against those 
new Beau-Skreens, 
That stand betwixt the Audience and the Scenes, 

while in 1693 Thomas Wright in his The Female Vertuoso’s 
(D.G. 1693) emphasised the fact that once the stage had been 
“Rept free from Beaux and Bullies*.”” ‘The edict of William 
and Mary, made about this time, stating expressly that no 
person should either stand or sit upon the stage, evidently 
had no effect, the habit persisting on to the time of Garrick. 

In this theatre, this toy of the upper classes, gentlemen 
apparently could enter without payment for a single act, or 
could rely on credit if they had not sufficient money to pay 
the door-keeper. Of the latter custom there is ample proof 
in the playhouse scene in Shadwell’s A True Widow (D.G. 
1678)*. Even as early as Dec. 30, 1667, Pepys thought it 
“‘a shame” that Sir Philip Cartaret was known at the theatre 

TTY ols 

* Prologue. Similar references are to be found in the epilogue to 
Scott’s The Unhappy Kindness (D.L. 1697), “a Beau-crowded Stage”: 
vi Nee epilogue (by Motteux) to Mrs Pix’ The Innocent Mistress (L.1.F. 


“Then all thus stor’d, tho Money’s scarce this Age, 
We need not fear t’have a Beau-crowded Stage:” 


and in Iv. i of Motteux’ Love’s a Fest (L.1.F. 1696) where Airy declares 
wal can easily believe you’ve been...Side-boxing at the Play-house, 
Acting in the Pit, nay on the Stage too.”” Gildon, in A Comparison between 
the Two Stages (1702), in mentioning the great success of A Trip to the 
Jubilee states that “at that play” he had seen “the Pit, Box, and Stage... 
crowded.” 

° Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, William and Mary, Feb. 13, 1689- 
April, 1690, p. 321. 

* Act Iv. 


THE AUDIENCE 13 


“and do run upon the score for plays,” and as late as 1693 
F. P. in some verses prefixed to Higden’s The Wary Widdow 
(D.L. 1693) could mention gallants who at the ‘“ Playhouse 
judge on tick.” The free act was regularly satirised by the 
poets, and attempts were made to put an end to it, but 
apparently not until about 1690 was it in any way limited?. 
D’Avenant murmured against the fashion in the epilogue to 
The Man’s the Master (L.1.F. 1668) and with perfect justice, 
if we may take Pepys as a typical spectator. On Jan. 7, 1667/8, 
for example, the latter “‘to the...two playhouses, in the pit, 
to gaze up and down, and there did by this means, for nothing, 
see an act in ‘The Schoole of Compliments’ at the Duke of 
York’s house, and ‘Henry the Fourth’ at the King’s House.” 
Even as late as 1693 Wright in the prologue to The Female 
Vertuoso’s (D.G. 1693) had some satire on the ‘‘ One-acters,”’ 
and Farquhar in his Essay on Comedy (1700) has satiric 
reference to the “‘saucy impudent Fellows...call’d Door- 
Keepers, that can’t let a Gentleman see a Play in Peace 
without jogging and nudging him every minute. Sir, will 
you please to pay?...Sir, the Act’s done, will you please to 
pay, Sir?”? On the other hand, gentlemen who objected to 
disbursing their money to the ordinary door-keeper were 
often-times not unwilling to pay more than the simple half- 
crown in order to have access to the ‘‘tyring-room”’ where 
they might chat with the actresses. Whether a fixed charge 
was made for this or not, we know that some sort of payment 
was made. In spite of the fact that the actresses may not 
have been averse to this easy entrance to the tyring-house— 
the affability of a woman there was proverbial*—it is almost 
certain that the managers of the theatres were careful to gain 
some profit by it. 

Another frequent abuse, partly connected with the privilege 
of the free act, is referred to by Lacy in Sir Hercules Buffoon 


1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1689-90, p. 321. 

2 The earliest warrant against the practice is dated Dec. 7, 1663 (P.R.O., 
L.C. 7/1 and 5/138 last page). See also Cal, State Papers, 1664-5, Feb. 
27, 1665, p. 223, and May 16, 1667 (id. 1667-8, p. 395). 

3 Wycherley’s The Plain Dealer (D.L. 1676), 11: see also the same 
author’s The Country Wife (D.L. 1675), prologue, and The Gentleman 
Dancing-Master (D.G. 1672), epilogue. 


14 THE THEATRE 


(D.G. 1684) where he gives a satirical recipe for seeing plays 
“for nothing—one act in the Pit, another in a Box, and a 
third in the Gallery1.”” It seems that in the Restoration 
theatre extra money for box and other seats was collected 
after the performance had well begun, a general small charge 
only being made at the doors. Thus men of an easy sense of 
morality and a nimble pair of heels could dodge the attendants 
as they came round, moving rapidly from box to pit and from 
pit to gallery. “I’m told,” says D’Urfey in his prologue to 
The Bath (D.L. 1701), 

I'm told that Beaus with Perukes cover’d o’re, 

Make such strange shift to save poor shillings four*, 

They'll in Side-Box three Acts for nothing sit, 

At last sneak down for Six-pence to the Pit. 

When we conjure up before our minds such an audience 
and such a management fearful at every moment of offending 
the slender clientele, we can understand that attention to the 
play in hand was often grievously lacking. Women of doubtful 
character, “‘vizard Masks” as they were euphemistically 
styled®, flocked the playhouses, sitting alongside of the highest 
of the land in the side-boxes+, in the pit®, and in the upper 
gallery, the last-mentioned gaining by reason of their presence 
none too enviable a reputation®. So numerous did they be- 
come that in 1688 Crowne could declare that they made up 
‘half the Pit, and all the Galleries’.”” It was to meet these, 

aioe 

* 'The price of admission to the boxes. 

3 The habit of mask-wearing seems to have come in shortly after the 
Restoration, and, although abandoned by ‘Civil Gentlewomen” by 
1680, it was not suppressed entirely until the edict of Anne in 1704. 
It rapidly became the recognised mark of a prostitute, although even 


“ladies of quality,” such as Mrs Behn’s Feign’d Curtizans seem not to 
have minded being taken by their gentlemen friends as femmes d’amour. 
See infra, p. 23. 

* Epilogue to Lee’s Gloriana (D.L. 1676). 

° Epilogue to Wycherley’s The Plain Dealer (D.L. 1676). 

® Etherege’s She Wou’'d if she Cou’d (L.1.F. 1668), tt. iii. See also 
the epilogue to Crowne’s Sir Courtly Nice (D.L. 1685) which speaks of 
the galleries “finely us’d of late, where roosting Masques sat cackling for 
a Mate.” The gallants often ascended “(for dangerous Intrigues) to th’ 


Gallery,” we are told in the prologue to Shadwell’s The Woman-Captain 
(D.G. 1679). 


? Crowne’s Darius (D.L. 1688), epilogue. 


THE AUDIENCE 15 


to indulge in their own doubtful intrigues with courtesan or 
with merchant’s wife that the gallants flocked to the theatre. 
The women, for their part, were equally eager. Little Gatty 
in Etherege’s She Wou’d if she Cou’d (L.1.F. 1668) laments 


in a song, 


To little or no purpose I spent many Days, 

In ranging the Park, th’Exchange, and th’Plays; 
For ne’er in my rambles till now did I prove 
So luckie to meet with the man I cou’d love. 


As a consequence noise seems often to have “‘drowned the 
Stage’s Wit!.” The epilogue to Lee’s Sophonisba (D.L. 1675) 
says of the typical beaux that 


One half o’ the Play they spend in noise and brawl, 
Sleep out the rest, then wake and damn it all. 


General disregard of other’s feelings appears to have charac- 
terised the audience of the time. The gallants, so we are 
informed in Etherege’s She Wou’d if she Cou’d (L.1.F. 1668) 
are in the habit of moving 


From one Play-house, to the other Play-house, 

And if they like neither the Play nor the Women, 

They seldom stay any longer than the combing 

Of their Perriwigs, or a whisper or two with a 

Friend; and then they cock their Caps, and out they 

Strut again?. 
Sedley can hold loud and animated conversations in the pit 
with ladies of doubtful propriety, even though Pepys tends 
to believe that they are “‘virtuous” and “‘of quality,” or can 
pass witticisms on the action of an heroic tragedy. 


The Age is alter’d now, he that has Wit, 
Ne’re uses it abroad, but in the Pit, 
There spreads it all, and e’re one Scene does know, 
Cails friend aside, Cryes, Dammy Jack lets go, 
* * * * e 
Others that want Wit, hither come to glean, 
Seem to find fault and cavil at a Scene, 
Because they understand tt not, yet will 
Dislike, because ’tis Modish, and Gentile’. 


1 Prologue to Lee’s The Rival Queens (D.L. 1677). a peat, 
3 D’Urfey’s prologue to The Siege of Memphis (D.L. 1676). 


16 THE THEATRE 


Scenes of licence must have been frequent. Shadwell in the 
first act of The Virtuoso (D.G. 1676) speaks of those who 
‘come drunk and screaming into a Play-House, and stand 
upon the Benches, and toss their full Periwigs and empty 
Heads, and with their shrill unbroken Pipes cry, Damme, this 
is a damn’d Play.” Not only, therefore, did the actors play 
to empty houses!, of which a fair proportion were gallants 
who did not pay and another fair proportion were “ dead- 
heads?,” but the meagre audiences who did put in an ap- 
pearance barely gave the actors leave to perform. Higden in 
the dedication to his The Wary Widdow (D.L. 1693) makes 
complaint of some who “with a barbarous variety of Noise 
and Tumult” so disturbed his play ‘‘that many of the well 
meaning Spectatours (for I am sure it had very few Hearers) 
must conclude it a very criminall performance.” Only with 


1 D’Urfey in the epilogue to The Fool turn’d Critick (D.L. 1676) speaks 
of the nonconformist preacher melting 


‘in durance half his Grease away, 
To get, like us, poor thirteen Pounds a day.” 


In The Theatricai Inquisitor and Monthly Mirror of July, 1816,a document 
is printed purporting to be a list of takings at the T.R. for a performance 
of All for Love on Wed. Dec. 12, 1677. According to this £7. 4s. came 
from the boxes, £14. 12s. 6d. from the pit (117 spectators in all), £14. 14s. 6d. 
from the mid-gallery (63 spectators), and £1. 13s. from the upper gallery 
(33 spectators)—£28. 4s. altogether, from which rent took £5. 14s., 
leaving £22. 10s. for the actors and running costs. The total number of 
paying persons in the house was but 249. Almost certainly takings of 
over £50 must have been abnormal. The anti-Cibber pamphlet The 
Laureat and documents in the P.R.O. both agree that about 1692 the daily 
receipts were “often under £20 per diem” (see Appendix B, and consult 
E. Thaler, Shakespeare to Sheridan, pp. 241-244). Not much stress can 
be put upon Herbert’s early estimates, which were based on probably 
imaginary evidence, but he asserts that in 1662 D’Avenant was getting 
£200 a week from the Duke’s house. As D’Avenant had 10 out of 
15 shares, this represents a weekly total of £300, or an average of £50 
a night, possibly fairly near the truth, when we consider that in 1662 
the theatres were in the hey-day of their prosperity (see J. Q. Adams, 
Dramatic Records of Sir Henry Herbert, Master of the Revels, 1917, p. 120). 

* Farquhar in his Essay on Comedy imagines a gallant talking to himself: 
“Before gad, I'll be plagu’d with ’em no longer; I’ll e’en write a Play 
my self; by which means, my Character of Wit shall be establish’d (and) 
I shall enjoy the Freedom of the House.” As Farquhar observed this 
gives ‘“‘the Liberty of the House to him and his Friends for ever after.” 
Possibly these dead-heads were no more intent on keeping quiet when 


the plays of other poets were produced than were the courtiers and the 
fops who paid for admittance. 


THE AUDIENCE ~ 17 


a sort of pathetic gesture did the players make pretence that 
these gallants aided their productions. 

He who comes hither with design to hiss 

And with a bum revers’d to whisper Miss, 

To komb a Peruke, or to show gay Cloaths, 

Or to vent antique Nonsense with New Oaths; 

Our Poet welcomes as the Muses Friend, 

For he’ll by Irony each Play commend...+ 


Such a declaration rings hollow: it has a note of pathos in it 
rather than a note of happy satire. For the actors, indeed, 
conditions must often have become well-nigh intolerable. 
Pepys has several references to irritating noises in the 
public playhouses, and Betterton declared that the voices 
of the spectators “‘put the very Players out of Counten- 
ance?,”” 

On they went with their loves and their quarrels and their 
sallies, heedless of the play before them. It was at the theatre 
that Wycherley had his first conversation with his later mis- 
tress, the Duchess of Cleveland, she sitting in the first row 
of the King’s Box and he standing in the pit®. It was at the 
Dorset Garden playhouse that Langbaine saw Mr Scroop 
killed by Sir Thomas Armstrong during a performance of 
Macbeth*. Quarrels, in point of fact, both among the actors 
and among the spectators, were of frequent occurrence. 
“Scow’ring the Watch,” says Dryden in the prologue to his 
The Spanish Fryar (D.G. 1680), 

Grows out-of-Fashion Wit, 
Now we set up for Tilting in the Pit, 
Where ’tis agreed by Bullies, chicken hearted, 
To fright the Ladies first, and then be parted. 


1 Second prologue to The Amorous Old Woman (1674) repeated later as 
the prologue to D’Urfey’s The Fool turn’d Critick (D.L. 1676) and printed 
as the prologue to Orrery’s Mr Anthony (D.G. c. 1671, printed 1694). 

2 The Amorous Widow (L.1.F. c. 1670), 11. ii. Even as early as June 23, 
1660, Thomas Jordan could write “A Speech by way of Epilogue to those 
that would rise out of the Pit at the Red Bull in the last Scene, and disturb 
the Conclusion, by going on the Stage” (A Royal Arbor of Loyal Poesie, 
1660, p. 19). 

3 Dennis quoted by Lowe, Life of Betterton, p. 33. 

4 Langbaine, p. 460. This was on Sat., Aug. 28, 1675. A newsletter of 
Aug. 31 mentions the incident (Hist. MSS. Commission Report, X11. vii. 
p. 121). 

NRD 2 


18 THE THEATRE 


Not always, however, were the disturbances in the theatre 
such mild affairs of craven-hearted hectors. There was a 
serious affray among some gentlemen who had gone to 
see’ The Unfortunate Lovers at Salisbury Court on Nov. 19, 
16601. On July 20, 1667, Henry Killigrew was sent to the 
Tower for an altercation with Buckingham in the playhouse?. 
A private quarrel which developed into a general fight en- 
tailed a temporary prohibition of acting in 1679%. On 
April 27, 1682, ‘‘ Mr. Ch(arles) De(ering), son to Sr. Edward D., 
and Mr. V(aughan), quarrelled in the Duke’s Playhouse, and 
presently mounted the Stage and fought, and Mr D. was 
dangerously wounded, and Mr. V. secured lest it should 
prove mortal*.” In a newsletter contained in the State Papers 
there is mentioned a quarrel between a Captain Leinster and 
another, during which many swords were drawn in the pit , 
while in the Post-Boy of June 22-25, 1695, we read that ‘“‘on 
Saturday last, words arose between Mr. Cary and Mr. Young 
in the Playhouse, about a Gentlewoman, and the next morning 
they fought a duel in Hide Park, where they were both 
wounded: the former died in the evening at the Star Inn in 
the Strand.” The following year one of the Clerks of the 
Exchequer was killed at the playhouse in a quarrel which 
rose there*, Smith, the actor, succeeded in killing his man 
in the theatre’, and Mrs Barry and Mrs Bracegirdle had an 
almost fatal struggle when playing ‘“‘rival queens.” The 
actors, indeed, were apparently not one whit better than the 
spectators. Whincop, for example, tells us that there was so 
much punch-drinking business in Higden’s comedy of The 
Wary Widdow (D.L. 1693) that the players all got intoxicated 
and had to close the piece at the third act®, while Vanbrugh, 
in a cynical preface to The Relapse (D.L. 1696) declares that, 
owing to the uproarious drunkenness of Powell in the char- 


1 Fist. MSS. Commission, v. 200. 

2 [bid., XU. vii. p. 51. 

3 Gazette, Feb. 5-9, 1679. 

4 Fanuary’s Impartial Protestant Mercury, May 2, 1682. 

® Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, May 1690—Oct. 1691, p. 312. 
® London Post, April 19-22; Post-Bay, April 23-5, 1700. 

7 Pepys, Nov. 14, 1666. 8 Whincop, p. 247. 


THE AUDIENCE 19 


acter of Worthy, he “once gave Amanda (acted by Mrs 
Rogers) for gone.” 

Probably the only thing that could stay the din of noise 
and of rowdy gaiety was the acting of Betterton, the charm 
of Nell Gwyn as she ran forward with her risque sallies, or 
else the sweet free grace of Mrs Bracegirdle. Undoubtedly 
the only other thing that could have stayed them would be 
the flashing wit of Congreve, or the rude bombast of the 
heroic tragedy tricked out with what their 


Palates relished most, 
Charm! Song! and Show! a Murder and a Ghost! 


This audience looked for nothing more?. They expected 
naught but brilliant colour, elegance and wit—a fit setting 
for their own coloured and elegant lives. 


Ill. Influence of the Audience on the Drama 


None of these wits or fops or courtiers of the audience 
were thinkers: hardly any of them had a faith beyond vague 
attachment to royalty: every one of them was eager for the 
day’s pleasure, eager for love and cynical laughter and the 
enjoyment of the senses. Their influence on the theatre and 
on dramatic productivity, moreover, was twofold. It was not 
limited solely to the influence they might exert from their 
position as spectators, for they acted in that age in the double 
capacity of audience and of playwrights. Art with them was 
a gentleman’s toy, and so long as a well-bred indifference 
was displayed, the penning of a comedy and a tragedy or 
two could but add to their renown. With them poetry and 
the drama sank to the level of a playful essay, a game to be 
indulged in for a brief hour or two, an easy method of 
whiling away the time. Etherege thus amused himself with 

1 Dryden and Lee’s Oedipus (D.G. 1679), epilogue. 

2 Motteux, in the preface to his Beauty in Distress (L.I.F. 1698), 
apologizes for the fact that this play is “‘ divested of all the things that now 
recommend a Play most to the Liking of the Many. For it has no Singing, 
no Dancing, no Mixture of Comedy, no Mirth, no change of Scene, no rich 
Dresses, no Show, no Rants, no Similes, no Battle, no Killing on the Stage, 
no Ghost, no Prodigy; and whats yet more, no Smut, no Profaneness, nor 
Immorality.” 

2-2 


20 THE THEATRE 


comedy: Sir Robert Howard with tragedy. Roger Boyle, 
Earl of Orrery, wrote his heroic dramas only when confined 
indoors with gout. There was, therefore, from these men no 
attempt to express great ideals, because there was no definite 
sincerity, no individuality of utterance, and unfortunately 
such professional authors as appeared in this age took their 
lead from these more aristocratic dramatists even as the latter 
invariably took theirs from the king. Dryden, D’Urfey, 
Shadwell to a certain extent, Settle, Lee, all on the fringe of 
the elegant circle, strove as far as they could, not to give 
utterance to any beliefs they might individually have held, 
but merely to reflect what had been said before them by 
others more fortunately born. Only a very few men, such as 
Otway in Venice Preserv’d and in The Orphan, seemed to 
find expression definitely their own. 

To their own elegance these courtly playwright-spectators 
added an elegance taken from a study of certain periods of 
classic and of pseudo-classic art. They knew their Ovids and 
their Horaces certainly: they took from Tibullus and from 
Juvenal satiric elements and adapted those elements to their 
own time: they felt truly and appreciated the grace and the 
cynicism of the poetry of Augustan Rome. But even more, 
they appreciated the pseudo-classic grace of France. Many 
of them had been, for varying periods, exiles abroad, and they 
had captured some part at least of that style and finish which 
allowed of the growth, on the one hand, of Racine, on the 
other, of Moliére. Not that they translated faithfully into 
London the spirit of Paris. Their harder, coarser, English 
temperament would not allow them to do that: but they 
certainly, from 1660 to 1680, came as near to that French 
ideal as any body of men in England before or after them. 
It must be confessed that what they most liked in French 
art and life were not always the best things in that art or life. 
They took often the outward instead of the inner: imitated 
the temporary and the ephemeral instead of the permanent 
and the truly classic. At the same time they were able to 
give to English literature exactly what at that time it needed— 
a body of common-sense opinion, a precision and a lucidity, 


INFLUENCE OF THE AUDIENCE 21 


such as were lacking in the poetical rhapsodies of the Ford 
school in tragedy, in the blunt humours of the Jonson 
school in comedy, in the conceits of the Donne school in 
poetry. 

The effect of this peculiar audience and of these special 
playwrights is to be seen in many directions. It caused the 
unutterable coarseness which distinguished so much of Re- 
storation workmanship, and which has made the works of 
this period neglected during the past Victorian century. 
A discussion of that will be more fitting hereafter. Suffice it 
to be noted here that this immorality, this coarseness, call it 
what we will, extended from the very first years of the century 
to the very last: but that all through the forty years there 
were men who endeavoured in various ways to counter the 
tendency of the times by writing “‘moral plays,” and that 
the more definitely “‘moral” tendency visible after 1690 was 
mainly outward. Thus D’Urfey in the dedication to the 
third part of The Comical History of Don Quixote (D.L. 1695) 
informs us that some ladies of the audience considered certain 
portions of it coarse, but not the portions which we to-day 
would consider unutterably indecent. ‘Those same ladies 
who objected to Mary the Buxome, yet evidently found 
nothing wrong in the prologue between Horden and Miss 
Cross, who was at this time only about twelve years old, or 
the incredibly indecent ‘‘boy and girl” songs incorporated 
in the body of the play. 

The atmosphere of the court of Charles was vulgar in the 
extreme, but it was a more open immorality than, as I shall 
endeavour to show later, distinguished the years 1690-1700. 
Not that we can go any way to condone the earlier immorality. 
The stories of Rochester’s and of Sedley’s hideous pranks 
are too well-known to be repeated. All sort of moral ties, all 
sense of decency had gone. Women had become as libidinous 
as the men: “‘common Women” were “ publick grown...in 
this damn’d lewd Town”: nothing was left to occupy the 
minds of this circumscribed clique but intrigue and sen- 
suality. Every name and title given to a woman came during 
this period to have an evil significance. ‘‘ Lady,” as Pepys 


22 THE THEATRE 


shows us!, had thus become debased in meaning, as had 
‘“‘ other?” and ‘‘ Madam,” ‘‘ Miss” and ‘‘ Mistress4.” The 
utter filth that marks many of the lyrics contained, for 
example, in such a collection as the Poems on Affairs of State, 
is but the ordinary speech of women of this type and of their 
men companions made a trifle more “poetical.” As is evident 
from the dialogues in the comedies the conversation of men 
with men or of women with men reaches a freedom seen at 
no other period of our history. If we listen to the words of 
a couple of lovers of the time we wonder sometimes whether 
our ears be not deceiving us. Turn even to a work of one 
of the geniuses of the age, turn to Dryden’s Secret Love, and 
read the words of Celadon and Florimel: in spite of the wit, 
we stand aghast. That such a conversation as appears in the 
fifth act of this play—and it is evidently realistic—could ever 
have taken place between two cultured persons in a civilised 
society, or that it could ever have been presented on the stage 
to a general audience, shows us probably as clearly as any- 
thing the peculiar temper of the age with which we are 
dealing. There was refinement in this time, but there was 
also sensuality: the minds of the wits were filled with a 
succession of images in which fancy and carnal thought 
alternated or became confused, clashed and grew into what 
we know as the comedy of manners. It is natural, perhaps, 
that with a man of the calibre of Rochester such thoughts 
and images should preponderate, but when we discover that 
the most serious, nay some of the ultra-religious writers, 
indulge in similar carnal images, we are reminded of the all- 
pervading influence of the time. The truth is, that, in the 
period of the Restoration, the love of pleasure which had 
come as a reaction to the restrictions of the Puritan régime, 
led towards a recrudescence of brutality. No one in that age 
could possibly conceive of sucha thing asinnocence. Miranda, 
in The Tempest, is reft of her modesty: Eve in The State of 


1 Pepys, May 30, 1668. 

* Dryden’s Sir Martin Mar-all (L.1.F. 1667), Iv. i. 
8 See The Poor-Whores Petition, 1668. 

* Flecknoe, Euterpe Reviv’d (1675). 


INFLUENCE OF THE AUDIENCE 23 


Innocence is made a woman of quality in the garden of Eden. 
Very little separated the women of ‘“‘virtue” and the women 
of vice. In Farquhar’s Love and a Bottle (D.L. 1699), for 
example, Lucinda, who is presented to us as virtuous and 
modest, puts on a mask, goes out into the park, and, after 
some rather disagreeable talk with her maid, “slaps” a strange 
man “‘o’ th’ Shoulder with her Fan}.” This lack of distinction 
between the women of quality and the others naturally led 
to an intensification of the free speech indulged in by the 
men*. Women in that age found nothing strange in such 
conversation: they themselves could pose to their lovers as 
courtesans®, or delight in puzzling the poor brains of the 
gallants as to who and what they were‘. 

Such notes on the general attitude of the time may prepare 
us for the scenes which in those days could find visible pre- 
sentment on the stage itself. Men and women in Restoration 
comedies and tragedies could be shown rising from couch 
or bed. The stage directions are quite explicit about the 
matter: there is no opportunity for us to presume that such 
scenes were glozed over in the acting®. Every means was 
employed to make the immorality more striking. The Parson’s 
Wedding, one of the most flagrantly indecent of Restoration 
productions, was put on the Theatre Royal stage acted solely 
by women®. Actresses were given the most vulgar and sug- 
gestive epilogues to recite, casting out broad hints to an 
audience not uneager to accept them. 

Nor did matters stop there. Sexual disease had been 
carried over from France, and this horrible thing was treated 


ieee 

2 In Act m1 of Shadwell’s A True Widow (D.G. 1678), Theodosia 
tells Carlos that he “must not talk with Vizors in the Pit; though they 
look never so like Women of Quality.” 

3 See Mrs Behn’s The Feign’d Curtizans (D.G. 1679). 

4 Pepys, Feb. 18, 1666-7. 

5 See Mrs Behn’s Sir Patient Fancy (D.G. 1678), 111. vii, and tv. iv. 
Similar scenes are to be found in Leanerd’s The Rambling Fustice (D.L. 
1678), IV. iii; in Crowne’s The City Politiques (D.L. 1683), v. ii; in Raw- 
lins’ Tom Essence (D.G. 1676), IV. ii; in Shadwell’s The Volunteers (D.L. 
1692), Vv. i; in Vanbrugh’s The Relapse (D.L. 1696), v. ii; and in 
D’Urfey’s The Campaigners (D.L. 1698), V. ii. 

S Pepys, Oct. 11, 1664, 


24 THE THEATRE 


half as a joke, half as a glory. Florio in Crowne’s The City 
Politiques (D.L. 1683) could pretend to a disease he had not, 
could flaunt it openly for his own immoral ends. Beyond 
even that did the age penetrate. Incest and similar relation- 
ships are referred to again and again, not only in secret pieces 
like the Sodom, or, The Quintessence of Debauchery which 
Rochester may have penned, but in ordinary comedies and 
tragedies. The presence of such seems to have added pi- 
quancy to many a play. In Dryden’s Aureng-Zebe(D.L. 1675), 
for example, Indamora is loved by the old Emperor, by 
Aureng-Zebe, his son, and by Morat, the son of the wife of 
the emperor, Nourmahal, while Nourmahal is in love with 
her step-son, Aureng-Zebe. Here a father, his son and his 
step-son are all rivals in love. In Oedipus (D.G. 1679) Dryden 
again introduces the theme of incest, and touches upon it 
later in Don Sebastian (D.L. 1689). Crowne treats the subject 
tragically in Thyestes (D.L. 1681) and comically in The City 
Politiques (D.L. 1683). More thoughtful presentations may — 
be given in the anonymous Fatal Discovery (D.L. 1698) and 
in Otway’s The Orphan (D.G. 1680), but the majority of 
dramatists, like those mentioned above or like Mrs Behn in 
The Dutch Lover (D.G. 1673), used it merely to pander to 
the depraved tastes of the audience. Occasionally, even, the 
spectators were content, perhaps eager, to see more than 
mere themes of incest. Unnatural sex relationships certainly 
existed in that age, and these too were reflected in the dramas. 
Rochester, when he was rewriting Valentinian (D.L. 1684) 
saw fit to drag in reference to this, and there is more than a 
hint of the vice in the speech of Damocles to his page in 
Edward Howard’s The Usurper (T.R. in B.St. 1664). 

When we have thus passed over in review all these follies, 
these vices and these depravities, for a moment it would seem 
as if the Macaulays were in the right—that nothing possible 
of good could come from the study of such a theatre and of 
such an age. In this time of degenerate manners, which seems 


* See the prologue to D’Urfey’s Madam Fickle (D.G. 1676) and the 
epilogue to Duffett’s The Spanish Rogue (L.1.F. 1673). Shadwell’s The 
Humorists (L.1.F. 1670) might also be noted in a like connection. 


INFLUENCE OF THE AUDIENCE 25 


separated as if by aeons from the more spacious days of 
Elizabeth, it might be thought that neither gallants nor play- 
wrights could have risen above the crudest expression of 
carnal licence. Yet, as we have seen, this Restoration audience 
could and did give something to the theatre. The spectators 
might be thoughtless and depraved, but they were cultured, 
and the grace and the wit and the elegance which they 
brought into life and the playhouse was something quite new. 
Nothing precisely like their ease and refinement of dialogue 
appears in the preceding dramas. We feel that the characters 
of the comedy of this time are true aristocrats, tutored to 
ease and a kind of delicacy in language, if not in thought, of 
which their forefathers never could know. If they have lost 
the valour and the strength of Drake and of Ralegh, they 
have captured the fine spirit of Etherege and of Congreve. 
Almost all the writers of the time have something of it, from 
Dryden and Shadwell to the greatest masters of the manners 
school. If, again, the women of the Restoration court seem 
to our eyes to have lost that modesty which was yet frank 
and clear-eyed, the modesty of Miranda and of Rosalind, we 
must bear in mind that their free relations with their men 
companions provided the basis on which the true comedy of 
life could be built. Aphra Behn may have been licentious, 
but she was establishing a surer position for her sisters than 
any of the Elizabethan women had succeeded in establishing. 
This new position of women and the grace of the courtiers 
are not things to be defined: they lie rather in suggestion 
and in atmosphere than in particular scenes or forms. In all 
the literature of the age, nevertheless, we feel their influence, 
the spirit which separates off the comedy of Jonson from this 
gay, witty, immoral comedy of Restoration manners. 


IV. The Theatre 


It is quite obvious that the small and mean audience of 
the Restoration theatre could have, besides those mentioned 
above, even more far-reaching effects on dramatic and thea- 
trical productivity. Being few in numbers they made of the 


26 THE THEATRE 


theatres practically what our repertory theatres are nowadays. 
No play, however brilliant, however splendidly produced, 
however popular by means of poetic beauty or of immoral 
suggestion, could count on a run of over a few days. We 
know that the gallants did not object to coming once or twice 
to see the same performance’, especially when, as in the case 
of Shadwell’s The Sullen Lovers (L.1.F. 1668), there was 
personal satire that everyone was talking about, but, even if 
each member of the audience did visit the same play twice, 
a run of a week was about all that was possible. Many plays 
died on the first night: the majority of the others saw no 
more than three consecutive performances. A few, such as 
Tuke’s The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) or the 
rehashing of Henry VIII (L.1.F. 1663) may have seen up- 
wards of a dozen nights”, but they were exceptions. Constant 
change was what was necessary, if the playhouses were even 
scantily to be filled. Even when plays had a slightly longer 
run than was ordinary, we find that the management often 
deemed it advisable to break that run by the insertion of a 
revival or two. Thus The Sullen Lovers, which Downes says 
ran for twelve nights, was seen by Pepys on Sat. May 2, 1668, 
Mon. May 4, Tues. May 5, but at the same theatre on 
Thurs. May 7, the diaryist saw The Man’s the Master and 
on Mon. May 11, The Tempest. Naturally, if new plays could 
be thus summarily dismissed, revivals of older productions 
were allowed to survive for barely a night or two. Here again 
the records of Pepys are for us invaluable®. At the Theatre 
Royal on four consecutive nights, from Mon. Aug. 12, 1667 
to Thurs. Aug. 15, that playgoer saw Brenoralt, The Com- 
mittee, The Country Captain and The Merry Wives of Windsor. 
A week later, on four similarly consecutive days, from Thurs. 
Aug. 22 to Mon. Aug. 26, The Indian Emperor, The Maiden 


_ 1 Even Charles, who was easily tired of his pleasures, was at three of 
the first five nights of D’Urfey’s A Fond Husband (D.G. 1676); see The 
Guardian, No. 82, June 15, 1713. 

2 Pepys, Jan. 1, 1663-4 and Downes, p. 29. 

8 We have also Herbert’s records of performances at the T.R. where 
he notes 16 different plays on 16 consecutive nights from Th. Nov. 5, 
1660 to Mon. Nov. 26, 1660, but at the first opening of the theatres such 
a variety is quite understandable. 


THE THEATRE 27 


Queen, The Cardinal and The Surprisal were performed. On 
Tues. Sept. 15, 1668 The Ladies a la Mode, or Damoiselles 
a la Mode, was given for the second time, on Thurs. the 17th 
Rollo, on Fri. the 18th Henry IV, on Sat. the 19th The 
Silent Woman; on Thurs. May 14, 1668, The Country Captain 
was performed, on the Friday The Committee, on the Saturday 
The Sea Voyage, on the Monday The Mulberry Garden. 

This rapid change of programme quite obviously must have 
affected the theatre in several distinct ways. It made a very 
high standard of acting necessary, and, even although such 
did exist, we have frequent complaints from playwrights and 
from public that the players were not always word-perfect}, 
How they could even have attempted to learn half of their 
numerous parts must be our wonder now. Looked at from 
another point of view, this rapid change made for a constant 
demand for new plays, and, the demand being ever-present, 
the supply, although profits from playwriting in Restoration 
days were not over-great, naturally followed. The dramatic 
literature of the years 1660 to 1700 is fairly vast. There were, 
as Downes tells us, “plenty of new Poets” about the year 
16707, professional writers and courtly poets all flocking to 
give their wares to the playhouse. Only during the period 
when the theatres were united between 1682 and 1695 was 
there such a “‘reviveing of the old Stock of Plays” that “the 
Poets lay dormant” and “‘a new Play cou’d hardly get ad- 
mittance*.” For that time ‘‘ Union and Catcalls...quite spoyl’d 
the Stage*,” there being no demand, and a consequent decline 
in the supply. The contemporary references to this dearth 
of new plays in the period of the union of the theatres is 
amply borne out by an analysis of the fresh plays printed 
during the years 1682 to 1695. Thus, in the five years from 
1689 to 1694 fewer new comedies were produced than in the 
two and a half years from 1696 to 1698. The corresponding 
relations as regards tragedy display exactly the same pheno- 

1 Pepys, Sat. Mar. 1, 1661-2, and Higden in the dedication to The 
Wary Widdow (D.L. 1693). Cf. infra p. 63. 

2 Downes, Pp. 34. 


_ 3 Powell’s preface to The Treacherous Brothers (D.L. 1689). 
# Prologue to Jevon’s The Devil of a Wife (D.G. 1686). 


28 THE THEATRE 


mena. As soon as Betterton broke the united playhouse into 
two, the poets rushed again to write up their comedies and 
their tragedies and their farces and their operas. “ The Plague 
of Scribling’s grown so rife of late,” says the prologue to 
Timoleon (unacted?, 1697), “‘Player and Poet share one 
common Fate\.’”” Congreve the year before in his prologue to 
the young Dryden’s The Husband his own Cuckold (L.1.F. 
1695) noted that the season had ‘‘ been Remarkable two ways” 
—for the number of new poets and of plays damned by the 
spectators. 

We have, then, in this period two wholly antagonistic 
movements—one which seemed to tend towards a crushing 
out of all vital life in the theatre, and another which seemed 
to inspire towards increased dramatic productivity: just as, 
from a different point of view we discovered tastes that at 
one and the same time led towards the most debased of 
sentiments and towards the finest and the most perfect 
dialogue that might be conceived possible for the dramatic 
form. The truth is that, whatever way we look at it, this 
courtly audience and its theatre will be found to possess both 
grievous defects and outstanding merits. The spectators could 
appreciate fine things, both in comedy and in tragedy, but 
they also were swayed by external ephemeral things of no 
value or permanent consequence. For this latter reason, the 
arts which may be called contributory to the drama, and 
which, in all great productions, should be rendered sub- 
servient to the characters and to the dialogue, grew to assume 
a larger and larger place in the reigns of Charles II and of 
James. As the years advanced we find scenery, and all that 
goes along with scenery, playing a more and more important 
part in the success or failure of plays: we find managers 
impoverishing themselves to glut the eager tastes of a show- 
loving public. 

The year 1642, as is well known, had left the theatres much 
in the same state as they had been in when Shakespeare 
wrote, that is to say, with an Elizabethan platform stage and 
no scenery. In the latter years of the reign of Charles I, 

1 See also the prologue to The Unnatural Mother (L.1.F. 1697). 


THE THEATRE 29 


certainly, we do meet more frequently with references to 
“scenes” than we do in the preceding years, a sign possibly 
that the Elizabethan theatre would have changed naturally 
even though there had been no break in the Commonwealth 
period and a subsequent revival of the drama in 1660. On 
the other hand, all these references to scenery, save one, 
point to private and not public productions. Thus the sum 
of £300 necessary for the scenes of Aglaura in 1637 was 
defrayed by Sir John Suckling, the author, while the then 
Lord Chamberlain paid for ‘‘the cloathes and scaenes” of 
Habington’s Queen of Arragon in 16401. Masques, of course, 
had always had gorgeous scenery, and that that scenery must 
have had a considerable influence on later theatrical endeavour 
admits of no doubt: but after all the masque was purely a 
private affair and lies outside the history of the drama proper. 
The one reference mentioned above which does not come 
under the “private” category, is that contained in the patent 
granted to Sir William D’Avenant in 1639, authorising him 
to build a playhouse for music, scenes and dancing. This 
last proves, at least, that D’Avenant had made his plans, to 
be carried out only in 1656 and in 1661, more than three 
years before the closing of the theatres. The first hint, how- 
ever, that we have of anything definitely new on the stage, 
appears in the title-page to The Siege of Rhodes, ‘‘made a 
Representation by the Art of Prospective in Scenes, and the 
Story sung in Recitative Musick,’’ D’Avenant’s “opera” of 
1656, followed by The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru and by 
The History of Sir Francis Drake. The first. was played 
originally ‘‘at the back part of Rutland House, in Aldersgate 
Street,” possibly in September 1656: the latter two at the 
Cockpit in Drury Lane towards the close of 1658. 

The scenery employed in these pre-Restoration productions 
must have been of a sufficiently crude and elementary char- 
acter but it formed nevertheless the origin of modern stage 
decoration in England. It is certainly true that the value of 


1 See, for this whole subject, Lawrence, W. J., The Elizabethan Play- 
House, 2nd ser., p. 121 ff., and also a work which has appeared since the 
writing of this book, Lily B. Campbell’s Scenes and Machines on the 
English Stage during the Renaissance (1923). 


30 THE THEATRE 


the innovation was not at once perceived either by playgoers 
or by actor-managers, but by the year 1670 D’Avenant’s 
enterprise had borne full fruit. The old Elizabethan theatres, 
of course, which were occupied by the hastily-gathered bodies 
of actors who started to play immediately on the King’s re- 
turn, were naturally innocent of scenery, and even Killigrew’s 
first playhouse, that in Vere Street, save for its tennis court 
form, was different in no wise from the theatres in which 
Shakespeare and Burbage had exercised their histrionic 
talents. As soon as D’Avenant succeeded in getting his 
patent, it is true, he reintroduced the various innovations 
which he had heralded in 1656, but even then the effects 
must have been of the crudest and possibly displayed errors 
and weaknesses due to the haste of organisation. Pepys 
visited D’Avenant’s ‘‘opera,” as it was called, a few days 
after it had been opened and noted the “fine scenes,’ fine, 
because he had nothing with which to compare them!. A few 
days later, however, this “‘opera” was closed, to reopen on 
Aug. 15 with The Witts, and on visiting it during the run of 
that play Pepys again duly noted the “‘admirable scenes.” 
The next month he saw Twelfth Night at the same theatre, 
which again was evidently closed to allow of ‘‘some alteracion 
of their scene?.”” It was open once more on Oct. 21 with 
Love and Honour. It is difficult and hazardous to build any 
fabric of theory on facts meagre as these, but we might, I 
think, legitimately deduce from these notes of the diaryist 
that D’Avenant’s innovations were but experiments and 
needed a great amount of re-casting before they were fit for 
public displayal. 

Still, however inartistic they may have been, however ridi- 
culous they might appear to our eyes nowadays, they certainly 
must have come as a new ray of light to the audiences of the 
early sixties of the century. About six days after the opening 
of D’Avenant’s house, Pepys visited the Theatre Royal and 
this he found empty as it had been since the opera had 
started. ‘The spectators, as we have seen, were not sufficient 


1 July 2, 1661. He saw The Siege of Rhodes. See Downes, p. 20. 
2 Sept. 11, 1661. 


THE THEATRE 31 


to fill both the theatres, and it was the Duke’s playhouse that 
they preferred. Betterton was there, of course, to swell the 
house with his acting, but far more than this it must have 
been D’Avenant’s scenery that attracted the audiences away 
from the erst-while thickly-crowded Theatre Royal to the 
newer “‘opera.”’ D’Avenant had been clever enough to divine 
the fresh tastes of the play-going public. His endeavours 
without a doubt were simply directed towards making his 
theatre pay, but by reason of these novelties he stands now 
as the father of the eighteenth, nineteenth and twentieth 
century theatres in England. He it was who, to employ the 
scenery which he had introduced, moved his stage half-way 
between the “ platform” of the Elizabethans and the “‘ picture- 
frame” of our own days. No longer did the spectators com- 
pletely surround the actors on all sides; no longer was the 
scene of each play performed against curtains that concealed 
an inner stage. All that was gone and in its stead was born 
the modern theatre. 

While we recognise this fact, however, we must be careful 
to remember that all the traditions of the older stage were 
by no means lost. In the world of the theatre customs and 
traditions are perhaps more difficult to eradicate than in any 
other branch of working life. Instead of regarding D’Avenant’s 
L.I.F. house as the first modern theatre, we shall be nearer 
to the truth if we say that the play-houses of 1661-1700 
represent a compromise between the Globe of 1600 and the 
Covent Garden of 1900, modern and ancient ideals meeting 
in one, tradition and innovation warring one with another. 

The stage itself serves as well as anything for an illustra- 
tion. If we glance at the engraving prefixed to the opera of 
Ariane, performed at the King’s playhouse in March 1673-4, 
we note at once that, although the main part of the stage is 
as ours is to-day, a remnant of the platform is still to be dis- 
covered in the shape of an oval “‘apron” jutting out for a 
few feet into the pit. Or else we may glance at the plan 
drawn by Wren, possibly for the second T.R., where the 
long apron is plainly visible, fully 17 feet deep, almost as 
long as the space from the proscenium to the back-cloth. 


32 THE THEATRE 


There were therefore in the Restoration theatres two stages, 
one to the front of the proscenium, and the other behind, 
corresponding to the Elizabethan stage and inner stage?. ‘The 
actors thus entered now into a space enclosed by the back- 
scene and the two side-wings: but that is not where the action 
of the play took place. Almost invariably the performers 
stepped onto the oval projection in front, not quite surrounded 
by spectators as before, but in a much more intimate position 
than the actors of modern times. Here lovers moaned and 
- villains cursed, heroes fought and died. How great a part 
was acted on this apron may be seen by a reference to such 
a play as Vanbrugh’s The Confederacy (Hay. 1705) where 
in Act v a stage direction occurs “‘ They come forward, and the 
Scene shuts behind them.” From that direction to the end of 
the play, notwithstanding the fact that no less than eleven 
characters enter and speak, the whole of the action takes 
place on the forward part of the stage. Practically always in 
the dramas of the time when a person is “discovered” by a 
curtain rising or a scene drawing a stage direction instructs 
him or her to ‘‘come forward” before he or she begins to 
speak. Thus in Act 11. Sc. iv of Dilke’s The Lover’s Luck 
(L.I.F. 1695) the ‘‘ScENE opens to Collonel Bellair’s Chamber, 
and discovers Bellair...he rises and comes forward?.” In The 
Rehearsal (T.R. in B.St. 1671) it may be noted, much of the 
business takes place on the oval in front of the curtain while 
in Act 11 (‘‘ The Play-House”’) of Dennis’ A Plot and no Plot 
(D.L. 1697) Frowsy, Friskit and Brush are bidden to “‘ appear 
at the Curtain” and take their stands in a similar position. 
Only after the gradual disappearance of the “‘apron” in the 
eighteenth century did the actors retire behind the footlights 
into the interior of the stage itself, abandoning their sense of 
kinship with the audience and becoming far-off figures set 
in a distant world. 


* ‘The Wren drawings are in the Library of All Souls, Oxford. They 
have been reproduced in the Architectural Record, April 1913. The 
inner stage appears to have been known as the “House” in contrast to 
the ‘‘Stage’’ which is the apron. 

2 So in Hopkins’ Boadicea (L.1.F. 1697), U1. i, where Camilla is dis- 
covered asleep. 


THE THEATRE 33 


The stage, however, is but one example out of many, and 
we need not be surprised, as we examine the other appur- 
tenances and conventions of this theatre, if we find on every 
hand evidence of a similar clash between old and modern. 
Scenery, as introduced by D’Avenant, was bound to have an 
almost incalculable effect on the structure of plays, rendering 
them less chaotic in the matter of scenes, moving from the 
constant change of the Elizabethan theatres to the more stable 
forms of the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries; yet 
even till 1690 plays could be found shifting easily from short 
scene to short scene without the least regard to the new con- 
ditions surrounding them. In Settle’s spectacular The Empress 
of Morocco (D.G. 1673) a separate scene could be shown for 
three single lines!. In Mrs Behn’s Sir Patient Fancy (D.G.1678) 
at Act 11. Sc. v there is “‘A confus’d Noise of the Serenade, the 
Scene draws off to La. Fancy’s Anti Chamber.”’ Isabella enters, 
speaks five lines, and then the “‘scENE changes to Lady Fancy’s 
Bed-Chamber.” A similar swift alteration of the scenery occurs 
in Tuke’s The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) where 
in Act 111. Sc. iii we find “‘the City of Sevil,” a scene of five 
lines, changing immediately to ‘‘Don Henriques House.” 
Often the mere introduction of a table and chairs could alter 
the locality of a particular scene, as in D’Avenant’s The Man’s 
the Master (L.1.F. c. 1668). There at one moment we are in 
Don Ferdinand’s house: suddenly the characters leave and 
“Enter Stephano, Sancho. A Table spread with Linen Tren- 
chers and Spoons are (sic) set out, and five Chairs.” Apparently 
no change of scenery accompanied this, for D’Avenant, 
following Elizabethan custom, saw fit to make Stephano 
explain—‘‘ This Room, standing in the Garden, at distance 
from the House, seems built for our purpose.” This is par- 
ticularly interesting as appearing in a play of D’Avenant’s 
own acted at the Duke’s house, after the introduction of the 
“scenes” which Pepys so much admired?, In many early 


1 q11.i. “ Scene the Palace” and then, immediately following, ‘‘ Scene 
a Bed-Chamber.” 

2 With probably no change of scenery were presented Iv. ii and vV. iii 
of D’ Urfey’s Squire Oldsapp (D.G. 1678). In the former the stage 


NRD 3 


34 THE THEATRE 


comedies and tragedies of the Restoration period no attempt 
was made by the authors to mark separate scenes, and although 
this does not prove that different pieces of scenery were not 
utilised, it does show that the dramatists for some years at 
least failed to think out their plays in terms of the new 
theatrical conditions. 

Gradually, however, the influence of D’Avenant’s improve- 
ments drove its way home in stage affairs. Even in 1663 
Flecknoe could speak of the “‘present heighth of magnifi- 
cence” in decoration and in setting, which made plays 
“‘more for sight, then for hearing!.” By 1667 a foreigner, 
Chappuzeau, accustomed to the gorgeous theatres of the 
continent, was able sincerely to compliment English stage- 
craft which ‘‘véussit admirablement dans la machine, et...va 
maintenant du pair avec les Italiens*.” ‘This is an important 
piece of evidence and shows that within six years of the 
opening of the ‘‘ opera” the new art of the theatre in England 
had almost caught up the similar art of the continent, early 
as that had been introduced. Conservatives like Flecknoe 
might still continue to cry out, fed by old prejudices. Shadwell 
might exclaim— 


Then came Machines brought from a neighbour Nation, 
Oh! how we suffered under Decoration! 


direction has merely ‘‘ Table, Chairs, and Wine,” and in the latter, “‘ Table, 
Chairs, and Bottles of Wine.” 

1 A Short Discourse of the English Stage appended to Love’s Kingdom 
(unacted, 1664). He qualified the statement by the assertion that “Scenes 
and Machines...are no new Invention, our Masks and some of our Playes 
in former times (though not so ordinary) having had as good, or rather 
better then any we have now....Of this curious Art the Italians (this 
latter age) are the greatest masters, the French good proficients, and we 
in England only Schollars and Learners yet, having proceeded no further 
then to bare Painting...especially not knowing yet how to place our Lights, 
for the more advantage and illuminating of the Scenes.” 

2 L’ Europe vivante (Geneva, 1667). This was of the L.I.F. house, or, 
as Chappuzeau styles it, “‘la Troupe de Monsieur...dans la place de Lin- 
colne.”’ Other foreign writers were equally laudatory. Sorbiéres remarked 
the “‘beaucoup de changements et de perspectives”? of the 'T.R. in B.St. 
in 1663, while Monconys, writing of the same theatre on May 22, 1663, 
declares that “les changements de Thédtre et les machines sont fort ingénieuse- 
ment inventées et exécutées.” ‘Les Changements”’ at L.1.F. pleased the 
latter equally well on June 5 (see W. J. Lawrence, A Forgotten Restoration 
Playhouse in Englische Studien, vol. xxxv). 


THE THEATRE 35 


Dramatists might recognise that a play unattractively put 
forward was almost bound to fail—as Banks 
Who not one Plea for Favour can pretend, 


Song, Show, nor Dance, these Scenes to recommend: 
And Sirs full well you know where that must end, 


yet this new “Show” had come to stay, and for good or bad 
had duly to be reckoned with. In Italy, in France, and in 
England the dramatist only too often was forced to sub- 
ordinate himself to the machinist. In all countries, wit, good 
sense and character drawing seemed continually sacrificed for 
nonsensical sound and voluptuous sight. At the same time, 
the innovations were to form the basis of our modern theatre. 
By them the stage had advanced from medieval conditions 
into a fresh world. 

At first the English theatres, naturally enough, must have 
had but a small stock of scenes, and as is evident from the 
designs of Webb for The Siege of Rhodes, the effects must 
often have been illustrative rather than realistic?. Convention 
still ruled over a great part of the theatrical world. The old 
chambre a quatre portes may occasionally have served®, while 
for a masque in Stapylton’s The Slighted Maid (L.1.F. 1663) 
a ‘‘ Scene is discovered, over which in Capital Letters 1s writ 
Campi Etysi!,” a relic of ancient times. Apart from this, the 
actual painted scenes were no doubt extremely limited. We 
frequently find references in stage directions to new pieces 
introduced into the Theatre Royal or the Duke’s house, and 
those new pieces must have served over and over again, in 
not particularly fitting situations. On other occasions drama- 
tists intimately connected with the theatres undoubtedly 
wrote up plays to stock scenery in hand. Special scenic effects 
had been devised for Howard and Dryden’s The Indian Queen, 
acted first in Jan. 1663-4. Pepys heard say on Wed. Jan. 27 
that for show it exceeded the rival play at Lincoln’s Inn 
Fields, Henry VIII, which itself had special scenery. On 


1 Preface to Edward Howard’s The Six Days’ Adventure (L.1.F. 1671). 

2 See Burlington Magazine for May 1914, and Tupper’s edition of 
The Siege of Rhodes (1909). Several are reproduced in E. Thaler’s 
Shakespeare to Sheridan. 

8 See Flecknoe’s The Damoiselles a la Mode (printed 1667), preface. 


37-2 


36 THE THEATRE 


Fri. Feb. 5 Evelyn went to see The Indian Queen and duly 
noted the “‘rich scenes.”” The managers quite evidently had 
expended a good deal of money on it, and the spectators were 
bidden to 
See what Shifts we are infore’d to try, 

To help out Wit with some Variety; 

Shows may be found that never yet were seen, 

Tis hard to find such Wit as ne’er has been: 

You have seen all that this old World cou’d do, 

We therefore try the fortune of the new, 

And hope it is below your Aim to hit 

At untaught Nature with your practis’d Wit... 

’Tis true, y have Marks enough, the Plot, the Show, 

The Poet’s Scenes, nay, more, the Painter’s too; 

Lf all this fail, considering the Cost, 

’Tis a true Voyage to the Indies lost. 


Such scenes, apparently, those particularly of the prison (Iv. i), 
and the temple (v. i) could not be put aside as useless after 
the run of the play, and accordingly we find, about a year 
later, the production of The Indian Emperour, ‘‘ Being the 
Sequeal of the Indian Queen,” evidently written to order. That 
it was not penned to provide a sequel to the plot of the former 
play is proved by the facts that Dryden was forced to confess 
that “‘the Conclusion of the Indian Queen...left little matter 
for another Story to be built on” and that he therefore pro- 
vided readers and audience with a ‘‘ Connection of The Indian 
Emperor to The Indian Queen,” in order to introduce them 
to the new characters he was compelled to supply. Of the 
persons in The Indian Queen there remained ‘‘but two 
alive.” The prologue, moreover, was sent out to advise the 
audience that 


The Scenes are old, the Habits are the same, 
We wore last year... 


and probably were to wear repeatedly again in the following 
decade or two. The temple duly appeared in Act 1. Sc. ii, 
the prison in Act Iv. Sc. i and iv and in Act v. Sc. ii, while 
the ‘‘ Pleasant Indian Country1,” the ‘“‘ Magician’s Cave?,” the 


Pi. a3 TE Gii)e CR wir, 


THE THEATRE ey 


“‘Chamber Royal,” the ‘‘ Camp?” and the “‘ pleasant Grotto®”’ 
had all no doubt appeared in the former play*, At the 
Theatre Royal later records of the prison scene are to be 
found in Settle’s The Female Prelate (D.L. 1679)°, in the 
same author’s Fatal Love (D.L. 1680)* and in Harris’ The 
Mistakes (D.L. 1690)’, and of the grotto in D’Urfey’s 
Commonwealth of Women (D.L. 1685)® and in Lee’s Sophon- 
tsba (D.L. 1675). 

Our most interesting materials, however, for a knowledge 
of Restoration scenery are obtained, not from the Theatre 
Royal plays, but from those of the house of D’Avenant. 
There the scenic influence must have been considerably 
greater, and possibly the fact that the spectators seem on the 
whole to have preferred that theatre permitted the managers 
to indulge more largely in show and in finery. From the 
seventies of the century onwards we find continually critical 
remarks in Theatre Royal prologues and epilogues to the 
expenditure of the other house and the comparative success 
of that expenditure. Indeed about 1673-1674 the manage- 
ment of the King’s company appear to have engaged in a 
fairly extensive series of burlesques which hit directly at the 
operatic versions of Macbeth and The Tempest and at the 
gorgeous Empress of Morocco®. The Siege of Rhodes, produced 
in June 1661, we know had a number of ambitious scenes— 
Rhodes with the Turkish fleet, the town besieged, Mount 
Philermos and the storming of the city—and these were no 
doubt augmented by a series of interiors employed in The 


Me Tibsis iV. 317 V- 1 “ab 3 C8. ayia tits 
4 In a similar way Shadwell’s Psyche (D.G. 1675) and Gildon’s Phaeton 
(D.L. 1698) were written expressly to show off scenery, in these cases 
brought over from oe 
© HD; _ STs OM bile akle 
® See the plays of Daffett. He had already made an attack on the rich 
scenery of the Duke’s house in the prologue to The Spanish Rogue (L.1.F. 
c. June 1673). Note may also be taken of Fane’s epilogue to Love in the 
Dark (D.L. 1675) which hits at the success of Psyche: 
“For Songs and Scenes, a double Audience bring, 
And Doggrell takes, which Smiths in Sattin sing. 
Now to Machines, and a dull Mask you run, 
We find that Wit’s the Monster you would shun, 
And by my troth ’tis most discreetly done.” 


38 THE THEATRE 


Witts, performed on Thursday, Aug. 15, 1661. Scenery, pro- 
bably rather crude, was used for Hamlet, ‘‘ done with scenes 
very well,” played on Sat. Aug. 24, 1661. For the revival 
of Love and Honour in October of the same year D’Avenant 
was probably able to make use of some of the older scenes, 
as no doubt for The Bondman (November) and Cutter of 
Coleman Street (December). All this time, however, he was, 
almost certainly, adding to his collection of properties, “the 
New Scene of the Hall” which we find mentioned in Porter’s 
The Villain: (L.1.F. Sat. Oct. 18, 1662) being assuredly only 
one of many. The Adventures of Five Hours, produced on 
Thurs. Jan. 8, 1662-32, was, according to Downes, “‘cloath’d 
Excellently Fine in Proper Habits,” and we know that in it 
appeared one or two novel scenic effects such as ‘‘ The Rising 
Moon” of Act 1*. ‘‘ The Dress, the Author, and the Scenes 
are new,” the prologue informs us, and from the stage direc- 
tions we can make out that among these new scenes were 
“Don Henrique’s House®,” ‘Don Octavio’s House®,” “‘ Don 
Carlos’s House’,” “‘a Garden®” and “ The City of Sevil®.” 
These we may presume were utilised later in other dramas, 
almost certainly for Stapylton’s The Slighted Maid (Feb. 
1662-3) and The Stepmother (possibly Nov. 1663). In plays 
such as Etherege’s Love in a Tub (March, 1664) there was 
ample opportunity for employing the interiors already men- 
tioned. About April 1665, Mustapha was set on the L.I.F. 
stage and there all the scenery was new!, as was also that 
used for Tryphon (Dec. 1668). Possibly the most interesting 
stage directions in the whole of Restoration drama are those 


POIV ods 

* Pepys marked this as the first performance, but Evelyn saw a re- 
hearsal on Tues. Dec. 23. In the text we find that ‘‘ The Prologue enters 
with a Play-Bill in his hand, and Reads This Day being the 15th of 
December, shall be Acted a New Play”—from which it seems that the 
oo rehearsal (semi-public) was even prior to that date. 

noes 

* Professor Odell, in his Shakespeare from Betterton to Irving (1. 150), 
marks other appearances of this moon which had escaped my notice: 
Mrs Behn’s Widow Ranter (D.L. 1689), v. i; Mountfort’s Greenwich Park 
(D.L. 1691); The Fairy Queen (D.G. 1692), Iv. 

° 1; 111; v (ii). 8 tv (i). ? v (i); v (iii). 

Sith. 9 31 (i); 111 (iii). 10 Downes, p. 26. 


THE THEATRE 39 


which are to be found in the same author’s Guzman (April, 
1669) where certain scenes of Mustapha and of Tryphon are 
directly referred to. “A Flat Scene of a Chamber'” might 
be any one of the preceding pieces, as might also ‘‘ The Scene 
with the Chimney in’t®,’ reminding us of that used many 
years after in Mrs Centlivre’s Marplot (D.L. 1710)8, but of 
others we are particularly told their origin. ‘‘ The Scene a 
Garden (The Garden in Tryphon as a Back Scene)*” and “‘ The 
Queen of Hungary’s Chamber®” are taken directly out of the 
former tragedies, the first from Act 1. Sc. i of Tryphon and 
the second from Act Iv.Sc. i of Mustapha. In Guzman,more- 
over, there is mention, besides these, of ‘‘ The New Black 
Scene®,” of “The New Flat Scene” representing a Piazza’, 
and ‘‘ The Scene a Grove of Trees (The Forest)’.” 

The two theatres, as has been observed above, vied in 
rivalry, and we can see at L.I.F. and later at D.G., not only 
such new scenes as are given above, but others on the model 
of the T.R. Indian Queen decorations. The Forest last men- 
tioned was a great favorite, appearing in Mrs Behn’s The 
Young King (D.G. 1679) as ‘A Flat Wood®” and in the same 
authoress’ The Dutch Lover (D.G. 1673) as ‘‘ A Flat Grove?®.” 
A “Wood” was among the L.I.F. possessions in 169611. 
Barren wastes were also much favoured in both theatres, as 
in D’Urfey’s A Commonwealth of Women (D.L. 1685), “A flat 
Rock'*” and “A Barren Island*8.” One of the spectacular 
scenes presented by the Royal Academy of Music in their 
production of Ariane (Mar. 1673-4) was ‘A Desart or Wilder- 
ness,” possibly, however, a desert that blossomed _as the rose, 


e30r. 2 11 and Iv, ap Rae SatV: 

5 and vy. 

8 i (iii). Probably that used for the ““Room hung all with Black” in 
Act v of Whitaker’s The Conspiracy (D.G. 1680). 

” Wt: ag Saver 

10 tI. ii. The grove appears also in Settle’s The Conquest of China 
(D.G. 1675), Iv. ii; v. iii: in the same author’s The Fairy Queen (D.G. 
1692), 11: in Shadwell’s The Libertine (D.G. 1675), Iv: in Otway’s Alci- 
biades (D.G. 1675), 11. i: in D’Urfey’s Squire Oldsapp (D.G. 1678) as 
“‘4 Wood or Grove,” 1. ii: in Powell’s Brutus of Alba (D.G. 1696), tI. i: 
and in Scott’s The Mock Marriage (D.G. 1695), Il. i. 

11 Harris’ The City Bride (L.1.F. 1696), m1. i. ‘““A Wood” is also to be 
found at D.L. in Powell’s The Treacherous Brothers in 1689. 

BS) TaD. J: Rr vats 


40 THE THEATRE 


like that ‘‘ Wilderness or Desart” given “‘on a Stage near St. 
Lawrence-Lane” during the performance of Jordan’s pageant, 
London Triumphant (1672), which ‘‘doth consist of divers 
Trees, in severall sorts of green Colours, some in Blossom, 
others wealthily laden, with some green and some ripe and 
proper Fruits and Spices...inhabited with Tawny Moors, who 
are laborious in gathering, carrying, setting, sorting, sowing, 
and ordering the Fruits.” Prisons, too, were as common at 
D.G. as at the royal house. One appeared early in Settle’s 
Cambyses (L.I.F, 1671)?. Later examples are to be dis- 
covered in Pordage’s The Siege of Babylon (D.G. 1677) and 
Hopkin’s Boadicea (L.1.F. 1697)4. Settle’s Cambyses, besides, 
shows us at the Duke’s house a temple® precisely on the lines 
of Dryden’s Temple of the Sun. More ornate effects, such 
as Eliziums®, Heavens and Hells’, occur fairly frequently, 
and fire scenes are common’. 

What exactly these scenes looked like we can hardly tell 
now. In the majority of cases they must have been crude 
enough, featuring a background rather than anything else. 
They were of course probably of two or three various types. 
That denoted by the Aviane picture gives us a back cloth, or 
a back shutter, with side wings running down the length of 
the stage, practically a ‘‘box-set.” The same structure is 
presented in the prison engraving of Settle’s The Empress of 
Morocco where a vaulted roof covers the rectangular whole, 
while Flecknoe in the preface to his Damoiselles a la Mode 


1 Note may be taken in this description of the illustrative nature of the 
scenery referred to supra p. 35. 

SOY, BG ahs Pavadtls Pay 

® Lacy’s The Dumb Lady (T.R. in B.St. 1669), Iv: Otway’s Alcibiades 
(D.G. 1675), v. 

7 Shadwell’s Psyche (D.G. 1675). Hell appears in Powell’s Brutus of 
Alba (D.G. 1696), 1.i and ii: a “‘ Poetical Heil” is in Dryden’s Albion and 
Albanius (D.G. 1685), 11: and Heaven in D’Avenant’s Circe (D.G. 1677), 
16 im tle 

8 Pepys noted a fire scene in The Island Princess on Thurs. Jan. 7, 
1668-9. One had already appeared at the same T'.R. in Howard’s The 
Vestal Virgin (1664), 111.1. Later at D.L. there is one in Act tv of Settle’s 
The Female Prelate (1679) and another in the last act of Crowne’s The 
Destruction of Ferusalem (1677). At D.G. houses are on fire in Act 111 of 
Settle’s Love and Revenge (D.G. 1674) and in Dr D’Avenant’s Circe 
(D.G. 1677), 1. i. 


THE THEATRE 41 


speaks confidently of “‘ Italian Scaenes with four Doors” as 
a likely piece of property in the Theatre Royal in 1667. At 
the same time, the Wren design displays the usual grooves 
running crossways over the stage and on these must have 
run the innumerable “‘flats” and side-wings of the Restora- 
tion theatre. In all, there appear to be five separate grooves 
indicated in this drawing, which would give the requisite 
number of changes demanded in many a spectacular play of 
the time. These flats employed were probably of two kinds; 
the usual shutters meeting in the centre or running across 
the stage, and the “relieves,” where some part was cut out 
to reveal a distant prospect far behind. By means of all, the 
Duke’s and King’s companies sought to feed the public with 
new and gorgeous novelties, by all accounts succeeding fairly 
well in their attempt. 

Two or three things may be noted in connection with these 
scenes of an ornate character. Their influence on the drama- 
tists has already been touched upon, but a glance at their 
origin and later development may not here be unfitting. They 
were destined to survive over the Restoration period, pene- 
trating into the eighteenth century, being utilised then both 
for the ordinary drama and for the opera, until towards the 
year 1740 they were ridiculed out of existence. In origin, 
some at least were undoubtedly continental. In the Bodleian 
there is an interesting pamphlet entitled The Description of 
the Great Machines, of the Descent of Orpheus into Hell; 
Presented by the French Comedians at the Cock-pit in 
Drury Lane (London, 1661), the work, no doubt, of the same 
troupe which Evelyn saw at the court on Monday, Dec. 16, 
1661. This pamphlet describes many scenes identically 
similar to those we have met with above. The Grotto appears 
in 1. i, the Garden in 11. ii, the Grove in v. i, barren rocks 
in I and in m1. i, a “dismal Hell” in 1v. i. The scenery 
employed by those French actors may well have been left at 
the theatre on their return to their native land, and in any 
case their example must have gone far to influence later 
English theatrical endeavour. We certainly know by name 
seven English scene-painters of this time, Webb, Aggas, 


42 THE THEATRE 


Streeter, Stevenson, Towers, Fuller and Robinson!, but we 
may suspect that they were all influenced by the scenic 
devices of the continent. Many of the scenes detailed above 
are subsequent to the performance of Psyche in 1674-5, for 
scenes to which Betterton had journeyed across the Channel. 
In this art of scene-painting we in England were, according 
to Flecknoe, but as “‘schollars” and learners: we looked to 
France in almost every way for inspiration and for tutoring. 
Only towards the end of the century was it possible for a 
dramatist to declare that he had “‘thrown away all our old 
French Lumber, our Clouds of Clouts, and set Theatrical 
Paintings at a much fairer Light®.” All the temples and the 
palaces, all the groves and the heavens and hells, all the 
scenes of spirits and of sorcery and of wonder such as in 
Tate’s Brutus of Alba (D.G. 1678), were but the English 
tribute in the form of imitative flattery to the scenic art of 
Les Grands Comédiens who put on their stage 


Des Mers, des Rivages, 

Des Temples, Rochers et Bocages, 
Des Concerts, Danses et Balets, 
Dragons, Démons, Esprits-folets*. 


Alongside of the more spectacular ‘“‘heroic” scenes, bor- 
rowed, I feel, largely from French example, must have been 
many which realistically depicted English scenes. One of 


1 The last three have before never been mentioned as scene painters: 
I have discovered their names in documents in the P.R.O. Robert Aggas 
or Angus, we are told, worked for the T.R. till his death in 1679. Along 
with Samuell Towers he appears as petitioning the Lord Chamberlain 
against the T.R. company for £40 “‘ for worke done in ye Theatre Royall” 
on Aug. 8, 1677; that his death did not occur in 1679 seems to be proved 
by another petition, dated Dec. 2, 1682, when the two “‘Paynters”’ 
petitioned for a payment of £32 (L.C. 5/190 and 191). “ Isaacck ffuller 
paynter”’ similarly petitioned for £250 due on Jan. 26, 1669-70 (L.C. 
5/187). Robinson is now known to us through a unique agreement pre- 
served in the P.R.O. and given in Appendix B of this work. Webb’s 
designs for The Siege of Rhodes are extant (see Burlington Magazine, April 
and May, 1914). Streeter’s work for The Conquest of Granada was noted 
by Evelyn on Feb. 9, 1671 (see also Cal. State Papers, Treasury Books, 
1669-72, pp. 1158 and 1330). Stephenson was occupied on Shadwell’s 
Psyche at the Duke’s theatre. 

* Settle, The World in the Moon (D.G. 1697), preface. 


* J. Loret, La Muze Historique quoted in Charlanne, L’ influence francaise 
en Angleterre au xvit® siécle. 


THE THEATRE 43 


these, peculiarly enough, is to be seen in the above-mentioned 
frontispiece to Ariane. There we discover two rows of con- 
ventional palaces ending in a quite realistic picture of Thames 
Bridge obviously painted on a back cloth or shutter. A similar 
scene in which a street of palaces ends in a picture of the 
Royal Exchange is described to us in Dryden’s Albion and 
Albanius (D.G. 1685). There ‘the Scene is a Street of 
Palaces, which lead to the Front of the Royal-Exchange; the 
great Arch is open, and the view is continued through the open 
part of the Exchange, to the Arch on the other side, and thence 
to as much of the Street beyond, as could properly be taken,” 
that is to say, the two lines of “palaces” as in Ariane, with a 
central “relieve” of the arches and a back shutter at the rear 
of the stage showing through them. Of London sights the 
Mall seems to have been a favourite subject. At D.G. “‘the 
Mail” occurs in Act 1. Sc. iii of Etherege’s The Man of 
Mode in 1676, and at L.I.F. in Act 11. Sc. i of Granville’s 
The She-Gallants in 1695. Etherege’s She Wou’d if she Cou’d 
(L.I.F. 1668) has Mulberry Garden in Act 11. Sc. i, and the 
“New Spring Garden” in Act Iv. Se. ii. ‘The Mulberry 
Garden” appears once more in D’Urfey’s The Fool turn’d 
Critick (D.L. 1676)? alongside of Covent Garden?. In all 
probability these references to scenes taken from those very 
places where the audience loved to stroll and preen them- 
selves could be multiplied an hundred-fold’®. 

1 v. iii (really iv). 

2 1.i; 11. i; 1. i; v. i. Covent Garden was a common setting at both 
theatres: cf. Mrs Behn’s The Town-Fopp (D.G. 1676); D’Urfey’s Madam 
Fickle (D.G. 1676), and Leanerd’s The Rambling fustice (D.L. 1678). 

3 In the Public Record Office (L.C. 5/141, p. 551) is an interesting 
order regarding the alteration of the Royal Whitehall stage, evidently for 
the production of Calisto. It is dated Jan. 25, 1674-5 and instructs that 
the stage should be brought forward into the pit, then follows the orders 
“To widen the whole Stage by drawing Back the Side Sceenes & altering 
the frames & Groves accordingly, To alter all the Cloudes aboue suiteable 
to the same by heighthening them and ading to them, To make an openinge 
for a Heaven aboue with all the Sceenes of Cloudes & shutter of cloudes 
necessary, To make a new paire of shutters of Boscage, To make a new 
paire & (? of) releiues rep'sentinge y® prosspect of Somersett-house & y® 
Thames, To make a Temple in the Cloudes with Sceenes of Varnished 
Silks & places for lights for y° same, To make Seates for y° Goddesses 


& diverse Releiues proper for that rep™senta€on, to fix a new Curtaine To 
make severall new partitions in y® Tireing roomes....” 


44 THE THEATRE 


As in the case of scenery proper, we find that the machinist’s 
art during the Restoration times was also deeply influenced 
by the example of France and of Italy. Betterton, we are 
told, took many an idea from the former country, executing 
them with the aid of his chief man, Thomas Wright, who 
contributed one comedy to the theatre. Many startling effects 
seem to have been achieved, most of the more elaborate, 
however, not until after the opening and development of the 
new Duke’s house in Dorset Garden. If we take up the text 
of Shadwell’s The Tempest (D.G. 1674) we find sufficiently 
ambitious effects. In the very first scene there is ““a Tem- 
pestuous Sea in perpetual Agitation” accompanied by ‘“‘many 
dreadful Objects to it, as several Spirits in horrid Shapes flying 
down amongst the Sailors, then rising and crossing in the Air. 
And when the Ship is sinking, the whole House is darken’d, and 
a Shower of Fire falls upon ’em. This 1s accompanied with 
Lightning, and several Claps of Thunder, to the End of the 
Storm.” A transformation scene follows: ‘‘the Cloudy Sky, 
Rocks and Sea vanish; and when the Lights return, discover a 
beautiful Part of the Island, which was the Habitation of 
Prospero.” “Miraculous Effects...marvellous Changes, and 
strange Metamorphoses” had characterised the French 
actors’ Descent of Orpheus into Hell in 1661, and these no 
doubt gave the tone to future English performances. Those 
few directions taken from the opening scenes of The Tempest 
display to us how far even in 1674 the managers had reached 
in the ability to present wondrous panoramas before their 
audiences. All the operas of the age, however, are rich in 
descriptions of novelties in machine and stagery, some of the 
most interesting, perhaps, being found in Dryden’s Albion 
and Albanius (D.G. 1685). ‘These particular descriptions, 
Dryden tells us, he had from Betterton himself. They are, 
therefore, not a poet’s dream of what might have been, but 
was not, accomplished, but an actor-manager’s account of 
what he had actually put upon the boards of his theatre. 
I have already quoted the first scene of this play with its 
street of palaces and the “‘relieve” of the Royal Exchange. 
Outside of this, we are told, between the apron in front and 


THE THEATRE 45 


the back “house” or stage behind, were a couple of statues 
on horseback, ‘‘on Pedestals of Marble, enrich’d with Gold, 
and bearing the Imperial Arms of England.’ One of these 
represented Charles I (it was taken from the famous statue 
now standing at Charing Cross) and the other, Charles II. 
The changes that take place within this setting are so im- 
portant that I shall give them in full. First “Mercury 
descends in a Chariot drawn by Ravens” and approaches 
Augusta and Thamesis “‘ She attended by Cities, He by Rivers.” 
Shortly after “A double Pedestal rises: On the Front of it is 
painted in Stone colour, two Women.”’ Democracy and Zeal 
fall asleep on this pedestal ‘‘and it sinks with them.” This 
probably took place in the centre of the back stage or house, 
through one of the numerous traps which we know cut up 
the boards there. A few lines further on ‘‘ The Clouds divide, 
and Juno appears in a Machine drawn by Peacocks; while a 
Simphony ts playing, it moves gently forward, and as it descends, 
it opens and discovers the Tail of the Peacock, which is so Large, 
that it almost fills the opening of the Stage between Scene and 
Scene.” As the width of the Dorset Garden stage was about 
thirty feet, this indicates an extent of well over twenty feet 
for the peacock’s tail. Still further on in the same play, “Iris 
appears on a very large Machine. This was really seen the 
18th of March, 1684. by Capt. Christopher Gunman, on 
Board his R.H. Yacht, then in Calais Pierre: He drew tt as tt 
appear’d, and gave a draught of it to us. We have only added 
the Cloud where the Person of Iris sits.” This scene continues 
for a time and then “Part of the Scene disappears, and the 
Four Triumphal Arches erected.at his Majesties Coronation are 
seen.” Act 1 starts with the “Poetical Hell” already men- 
tioned. ‘‘ The Change is Totalt. The Upper Part of the House, 
as well as the Side-Scenes. There is the Figure of Prometheus 
chain’d to a Rock, the Vulture gnawing his Liver. Sisiphus 


1 Professor Odell relies on this stage direction to prove that in the 
Restoration theatre the side-wings of one scene were often left when 
another back-shutter was drawn in. This seems to have occurred in the 
early Siege of Rhodes. Possibly, however, Betterton means only that this 
is a deep scene, not a poetical Hell shown by a shutter towards the front 
of the house. 


46 THE THEATRE 


rowling the Stone, the Belides, &c. beyond, Abundance of 
Figures in various Torments. Then a great Arch of Fire. 
Behind this three Pyramids of Flames in perpetual agitation. 
Beyond this, glowing Fire, which terminates the Prospect.” 
When we consider the lighting arrangements of the late 
seventeenth century we must agree that this scene must have 
required very careful management on the part of the ma- 
chinist, a good deal of thinking out, and a considerable 
expense. Yet this ‘‘ Poetical Hell” is not allowed to remain 
for long. It soon ‘‘ changes to a Prospect taken from the middle 
of the Thames; one side of it begins at York-Stairs, thence to 
VWVhite-Hall, and the Mill-Bank, &c. The other from the 
Saw-Mill, thence to the Bishop’s Palace, and on as far as can be 
seen in a clear Day.” ‘This continues for some time, during 
which Mercury descends and ascends, then ‘‘ The farther Part 
of the Heaven opens and discovers a Machine; as it moves 
forwards, the Clouds which are. before it divide, and shew the 
Person of Apollo, holding the Reins in his Hand. As they fall 
lower, the Horses appear with the Rays and a great Glory about 
Apollo.” This advances and eventually “goes forward out of 
sight.”” Meanwhile “Neptune rises out of the Water, and a 
Train of Rivers, 'Tritons, and Sea-Nymphs attend him.” It is 
not stated how they retire, their singing concluding the act. 
One wonders whether perhaps the curtain may not have 
been utilised here to mark the break between this scene and 
the next. Act 111 opens with “a View of Dover, taken from 
the Sea: a row of Cliffs fill up each Side of the Stage, and the 
Sea the Middle of it, which runs into the Peer: Beyond the 
Peer, is the Town of Dover: On each Side of the Town, ts seen 
avery high Hill ; on one of which ts the Castle of Dover; on the 
other, the great Stone which they call the Devil’s drop. Behind 
the Town several Hills are seen at a great distance which finish 
the View.” Here Nereids “‘rise out of the Sea” and dance 
with Tritons, but this is not the most startling effect. Some- 
what further on in the scene “‘ The Cave of Proteus rises out 
of the Sea, it consists of several Arches of Rock work, adorn’d 
with mother of Pearl, Coral, and abundance of Shells of various 
Kinds: Thro’ the Arches is seen the Sea, and parts of Dover 


THE THEATRE 47 


Peer: In the middle of the Cave is Proteus a sleep on a Rock 
adorn’d with Shells, &c. Like the Cave. Albion and Acacia 
seize on him, and while a Simphony ts playing, he sinks as they 
are bringing him forward, and changes himself into a Lyon, a 
Crocodile, a Dragon, and then to his own Shape again.” 'This 
rising of the Cave must have necessitated a very large trap 
in the floor of the “house”: out of the same trap must have 
issued the “‘ sland” which “arises to a soft Tune” in the last 
act of Dryden’s King Arthur (D.G. 1692). The cave, however, 
is soon done with. Fire now bursts forth “betwixt them and 
Albion,” then “a Fire arises from behind: They all sink to- 
gether.” A little later ““A Machine rises out of the Sea: It 
opens and discovers Venus and Albanius sitting in a great 
Scallop-shell, richly adorn’d: Venus is attended by the Loves 
and Graces, Albanius by Hero’s: The Shell is drawn by 
Dolphins : It moves forward, while a Simphony of Fluts-Doux, 
&c. is playing till it Lands ’em on the Stage, and then it closes 
and sinks.” 'Those who remember the Ariane engraving may 
well wonder whether this shell be not the very same one which 
is to be seen guided by dolphins from Thames Bridge to the 
floor of the Duke’s Theatre. It is a piece of property which, 
in all probability, would be preserved. 

Almost immediately, in Albion and Albanius, we pass from 
this sea machine to an aerial one. “Whilst a Simphony is 
playing ; a very large, and a very glorious Machine descends ; 
The figure of it Oval, all the Clouds shining with Gold, abun- 
dance of Angels and Cherubins flying about ’em, and playing in 
em; in the midst of it sits Apollo on a Throne of Gold; he 
comes from the Machine to Albion.” After a few words Albion 
“mounts the Machine, which moves upward slowly.”’ And then 
the final transformation. “The Scene changes to a Walk of 
very high Trees: At the end of the Walk ts a view of that part 
of Windsor, which faces Eaton: In the midst of it 1s a row of 
small Trees, which lead to the Castle-hill: In the first Scene, 
part of the Town and part of the Hill: In the next the Terrace 
Walk, the King’s Lodgings, and the upper part of St. George’s 
Chappel, then the Keep; And lastly, that part of the Castle, 
beyond the Keep. In the Air is a Vision of the Honours of the 


48 THE THEATRE 


Garter ; the Knights in Procession, and the King under aCanopy : 
Beyond this, the upper end of St. George’s Hall. Fame rises 
out of the middle of the Stage, standing on a Globe ; on which ts 
the Arms of England: The Globe rests on a Pedestal: On the 
Front of the Pedestal is drawn a Man with a long, lean, pale 
Face, with Fiend’s Wings, and Snakes twisted round his Body : 
He is incompast by several Phanatical Rebellious Heads, who 
suck Poison from him, which runs out of a Tap in his Side.” 

So ends Albion and Albanius, with a not very pretty allusion 
to the despised Shaftesbury. I have quoted the scenic direc- 
tions here in full in order to give some idea of what could be 
accomplished in the theatre even fifteen years before the close 
of the century. The same machines, of course, would be 
used in more operas than one. We find, for instance, similar 
directions in D’Urfey’s Cinthia and Endimion (D.L. 1697). 
At the same time, we must not suppose that the wonders of 
Albion and Albanius in any way reached the acme of the 
machinist’s art in this age. In the stage directions to The 
Prophetess (D.G. 1690) we are informed that “‘ Figures come 
out of the Hangings and Dance: And Figures exactly the same 
appear in their Places : When they have danc’d a while they go 
to sit on the Chairs, they slip from ’em, and after joyn in the 
Dance with ’em}.” In the same play there are magic trans- 
formations in Act Iv, and in Act v there is a machine with 
four separate stages. This last four-staged machine was sur- 
passed in Settle’s The World in the Moon (D.G. 1697) where 
eight stages make their appearance. In the first act of the 
same opera a “‘Flat-Scene draws and discovers Three grand 
Arches of Clouds extending to the Roof of the House, terminated 
with a Prospect of Cloud-work, all filld with the Figures of 
Fames and Cupids; a Circular part of the back Clouds rolls 
softly away, and gradually discovers a Silver Moon, near 
Fourteen Foot Diameter : After which, the Silver Moon wanes 
off by degrees, and discovers the World within, consisting of 
Four grand Circles of Clouds, illustrated with Cupids, ete. 
Twelve Golden Chariots are seen riding in the Clouds, fill'd with 
Twelve Children, representing the Twelve Celestial Signs. The 


2 Act Ill. 


THE THEATRE 49 


Third Arch intirely rolling away, leaves the full Prospect ter- 
minating with a large Lanschape of Woods, Waters, Towns, etc.” 
There is no need to quote more. Reading one spectacular 

piece after another, we come to realise that the machinist’s 
art in Restoration times had reached a very high pitch of 
perfection, that one theatre vied with another in producing 
more and more gorgeous shows, and that often the poet had 
to be subordinated to the scene shifter. All of this, too, led, 
naturally enough, towards increased expenditure on the part 
of the theatres, and these increased expenses, coupled with 
the small audiences, rendered more inevitable the Union of 
1682. Already we have seen Dryden remarking on the cost 
entailed by The Indian Queen in 1664. Wright in his Historia 
Histrionica (1699) remarks upon the “great expense and 
continual charge of the players” due to “the scenes” and 
“curious machines” of Betterton and his rivals, and the 
prologue to Shadwell’s Tempest in 1674 betrays quite clearly 
the condition into which the Duke’s Theatre had then placed 
itself: 

Wee, as the ffathers of the Stage have said, 

To treat you here a vast expense have made; 

What they (the King’s players) have gott from you in 

chests ts laid, 

Or is for purchas’d Lands, or houses paid, 

You, in this house, all our estate may find, 

Wch for your pleasures wholly are design’d. 


As regards the costume employed on the Restoration stage, 
considerable diversity would seem to have ruled. The comedy 
of the time, of course, required nothing but contemporary 
garments, or, as Flecknoe expresses it, “‘any French Cloaths 
A la Mode1,” but in tragedy such were hardly so suitable, 
and there does seem to have been some attempt made to 
gain an approach to a kind of historical accuracy. In point 
of fact, in costume the theatre must have presented the same 
phenomenon as it did in scenery and in other respects, modern 
meeting with ancient on the same platform. Thus in the 
fourth engraving (for Act 1. Sc. i) of Settle’s The Empress 


1 Preface to The Damoiselles a la Mode (1667). 
NRD 4 


50 THE THEATRE 


of Morocco (D.G. 1673) although the Moors dancing in the 
foreground are black enough and sufficiently scantily dressed, 
the Moorish heroes and heroines in the background are just 
seventeenth century ladies and gentlemen of quality, attired 
in the latest Parisian fashions. On the one hand, the old 
careless, unhistorical traditions of the Elizabethan stage reigned 
unchecked. Periwigs for all characters seem to have been 
the order of the day, and Wilson appears to have discovered 
nothing ridiculous in making Manuel’s periwig fall off and 
in causing that gentleman with most Shakespearian accents 
to exclaim: 


Take up that, and help me 
To put it on again. So—so! Tis well! 


The stage direction informs us that “PHILO takes up his grey 
Perriwig, and helps him on with it again.” ‘This occurs in 
Act 1. Se. iii, of a play styled Andronicus Comnenius (1664). 
Salome, in Pordage’s Herod and Mariamne (L.I.F. 1673), 
similarly, disguising herself as a man, evidently made use of 
a wig, for, in fencing, “‘her Perriwig falls off in making a pass 
at TyripaTEs.” The alternative of the wig for heroes would 
seem to have been the hat of lofty feathers which preserved 
its existence up to the time of Garrick!. These convention- 
alities and inaccuracies must, we may well imagine, have 
oft-times been sufficiently blatant, so blatant indeed that they 
were taken note of by continental visitors to our theatre?. 
On the other hand, from prints and from descriptions of 
seventeenth century costuming, there does seem to be evidence 
of a certain tendency at least towards historical accuracy. 
On Tues. March 8, 1664, Pepys saw Heraclius acted, ‘‘the 
garments like Romans very well.” The prologue to Howard 
and Dryden’s The Indian Queen speaks of ‘“‘our naked 
Indians” and already we have noted the Moors in The 
Empress of Morocco. Mrs Behn informs us that the Indian 
Queen’s dress used at the playhouse was one she had brought 


fe Davies, Dramatic Miscellanies (1785), 11. 97. See also the print of 
Quin as Coriolanus. 

2 Muralt, Lettres sur les Anglois (written c. 1695, Geneva 1725), quoted 
by Joseph Texte in Fean-Facques Rousseau (London, 1899), p. 41. 


THE THEATRE 51 


from Surinam and which she had presented to the players’. 
A print of ‘“‘ The Indian Queen”® displays a variant of this. 
How far these attempts at accuracy extended it is very 
difficult now to say: probably not far, merely registering the 
slight tendency towards a change of outlook on the part of 
managers and of audience. The theatres must have pre- 
sented a mass of conflicting garments, Elizabethan meeting 
with Eastern, Roman with American Indian. As we have 
seen, what the managers most thought about was show and 
novelty: nor was there a body of critical opinion in the 
audience which was likely to force a change of orienta- 
tion. 

As we pass in review the various aspects of the Restoration 
theatre, indeed, we come more and more to the conclusion 
that that theatre owed its whole being to Elizabethan example. 
The changes made were tentative rather than anything else 
and we must beware against thinking that they were more 
far-reaching than they were in reality. In spite of the scenery, 
as we have seen, actors still did most of their speaking on the 
forward oval, only a few feet away from the front rows of 
the pit: and to reach this forward oval, entrances, as with us, 
from the back part of the stage, would have been both tedious 
and awkward. As a matter of fact, very few such exits or 
entrances occur in Restoration comedies and tragedies, the 
players coming in and leaving the stage through four ordinary 
doors fixed, obliquely or square, well to the front, just ad- 
joining the end box of the first row*. References are frequent 

1 Mrs Behn, Oroonoko. 

2 Reproduced in Odell, op. cit. 1. 206. 

% In this connection there is an interesting paragraph in the Lord 
Chamberlain’s order regarding the new Lincoln’s Inn Fields theatre 
(P.R.O., L.C. 7/3). It is there stated that the sharing actors have been 
to great expense “for a variety of Cloaths Forreigne-habitts Scoenes 
Properties &c.” Evidently these “forreigne-habitts” were deemed 
necessary for the success of any theatre. 

4 The question of whether there were two or four doors in the Restora- 
tion theatres has been a long-discussed one. Arguing mainly from Cibber’s 
description of the changes made in D.L. in 1693 Mr Lowe decided that 
there were four (Thomas Betterton, p. 50). This view Mr W. J. Lawrence 
combated in his Elizabethan Play-house and other Studies (1. 164). 


Subsequently Mr Lawrence saw fit to modify his two-door theory, the 
Wren designs for D.L. having since been published. Without being aware 


4-2 


52 THE THEATRE 


in the actual plays of the period to “‘ one Door” and “ the other 
Door” or “another Door,” and from the fact that entrances 
“through the Scenes’? (i.e. between the back scene and the 
wings) are both rarely mentioned and very detailed in stage 
direction, we are forced to conclude that such were exceedingly 
infrequent and required special notification. From the direc- 
tions in one or two plays it would appear that both doors 
on each side were in regular use. Thus in Edward Howard’s 
The Man of Newmarket (D.L. 1678) Luce, who is supposed 
to be overhearing a conversation, “‘peeps out” of one of the 
doors—so goes the stage direction. Four lines further down 
she ‘‘ peeps again,” and, on being called by name, she answers, 
whereupon follows immediately the command—‘ Luce ap- 
pears at another door’.”” From the action of the piece, which 
depends upon her immediate appearance, it would manifestly 
have been impossible for her to move round behind the 
scenes to the other side of the theatre. What she actually 
must have done was to “peep” in at the “‘lower” door of 
entrance and then approach the stage from the “upper” 
door. A very similar position occurs in the tragedy of 
Alphonso, King of Naples (D.L. 1690) written by George 
Powell, the actor. There Cesario and Urania are attacked by 
banditti. He “‘fights them off” and she ‘“‘ Ex. confusedly, at 
the wrong Door.” It would certainly have been a very un- 
natural action on her part if she had mistaken her side of 
the stage and departed by a door on the opposite side. 
Had there not been the double door on each side, the 
dramatist (who, be it remembered, was also an actor) could 
easily have commanded her to retire “through the scenes.” 
Those two examples are further strengthened by the notes, 
which had apparently escaped notice hitherto, printed in a 
peculiar play of John Banks, entitled The Albion Queens: 


of this I myself had written an article in the Modern Language Review, 
arguing from stage directions alone that four doors must have prevailed 
in both the T.R. and the Duke’s Theatre. There would seem to be no 
doubt now that there were two doors on each side of the proscenium, 
although Professor Odell in his Shakespeare from Betterton to Irving 
ies himself hardly satisfied with the evidence. 

Ill. ii. 


THE THEATRE 53 


or, The Death of Mary Queen of Scotland. This tragedy was 
originally written in 1684 as The Island Queens but was in- 
explicably banned the stage at that period. It was published 
then “only in Defence of the Author and the Play,” and did 
not appear on the boards of the theatre until 1704 when it 
was reprinted with the amended title. The copy from which 
this reprint was taken seems to have belonged to the prompter, 
and it is this which contains directions invaluable for any 
student of Restoration stage conditions. 

In this play, opposite the entries of various characters, 
occur combinations of letters, V.D.O.P., V.D.P.S., L.D.P.S., 
L.D.O.P. and O.P.P.S. Quite obviously P.S. is ‘prompt 
side,” the actor’s left, and O.P. is “‘opposite prompt side,” 
the actor’s right. L.D. and V.D. can hardly mean anything 
but “Lower Door” and “Upper Door”: so that V.D.O.P. 
is the upper door on the left of the stage (from the point of 
view of the audience) and L.D.O.P. is the other door on the 
same side. O.P.P.S. occurs only once (111. i) and that after 
a double entrance. This no doubt indicates an approach from 
either of the two doors on each side of the stage. 

The Wren design proves that the four doors did exist: the 
stage directions here prove as conclusively that all four were 
in constant use in the theatre. Over these doors were fixed 
two windows—likewise used in the progress of plays. There 
are quite a number of dramas in which these casements are 
made use of, one character knocking at the door below and 
another speaking to him above as from the upper part of a 
house. It is possible, of course, that these were but a couple 
of boxes sometimes seated with spectators, but they were 
employed so frequently in comedy and in tragedy that one 
cares to believe that they were reserved entirely for dramatic 
purposes. While they are mentioned in the course of many 
a play, the only reference to them outside of stage directions 
that I am aware of is in the prologue spoken by “ Mrs Barrer” 
(Mrs Barry) before D’Urfey’s The Virtuous Wife (D.G. 1679) 
where the “‘little windows” are duly noted. 

With the doors to the front of the stage and the windows 
constantly utilised by the actors, it is perfectly obvious that 


54 THE THEATRE 


our modern use of the curtain, with its drop after every 
scene, was quite impossible. References to the front curtain 
are few in Restoration dramatic literature, although there are 
signs that the playwrights were coming more and more to 
appreciate its use, especially for plays and operas of a spec- 
tacular character. It is almost certain that a lowering or 
raising of the curtain was not indicated every time it was 
employed. In Powell’s The Cornish Comedy (D.G. 1696), for 
instance, ‘‘ Exeunt” occurs as a finale to Act 111 (with no 
mention of the curtain), and yet the first scene of Act IV 
opens with ‘‘Curtain drawn.” In the same play “Exeunt” 
appears at the end of Act Iv. Sc. i and ‘‘ Curtain drawn” at the 
start of Act Iv. Sc. ii. It seems to me that we are, accordingly, 
permitted to presume that the front curtain was employed 
rather more frequently than one might have supposed from 
extant stage references. In the same way we know from 
Dilke, who in the dedication to his The City Lady (L.I.F. 
1697) attributes the cool reception of that play ““to the tedious 
waiting to have the Curtain drawn after the Prologue was 
spoke,” that normally the curtain was raised after the delivery 
of the prologue: yet in only one or two plays do we find 
mention of the curtain at the commencement of Act 1. 
D’Avenant’s The Siege of Rhodes and The History of Sir 
Francis Drake (1658) do have such a mention, as have Payne’s 
Siege of Constantinople (D.G. 1674), D’Urfey’s Siege of 
Memphis (D.L. 1676), Ravenscroft’s Edgar and Alfreda (D.L. 
1677), Tate’s Brutus of Alba (D.G. 1678), Banks’ Destruction 
of Troy (D.G. 1678), Saunders’ Tamerlane the Great (D.L. 
1681) and Harris’ The City Bride (L.1.F. 1696), but beyond 
these I question whether we could discover more than one 
or two plays with references to this initial use of the curtain. 
At the end of the play, a lowering of the curtain was evidently 
not usual, just as it was not regular at the close of individual 
acts, although here again we are bound to note that some 
dramatists at least had come to a realisation of the value of a 
sudden as opposed to an Elizabethan long drawn-out, con- 
clusion, and that we cannot be perfectly sure that the curtain 
may not have been employed more frequently than is now 


THE THEATRE 55 


apparent'. Among the playwrights who did seem to use the 
curtain for purposes of their art, Orrery is important because 
of his influence on the heroic tragedy. It may be noted that 
three plays of that writer, The Black Prince (T.R. in B.St. 
1667), Herod the Great (1694) and Tryphon (L.I.F. 1668) 
have ‘‘ The Curtain falls” at the close of Act v. Betterton’s 
The Prophetess (D.G. 1690) and D’Urfey’s Masaniello (D.L. 
1699) end in a similar manner. We shall not be wrong, 
probably, in saying that the average dramatist worked along 
the old Elizabethan lines, although some, particularly those 
who indulged in the heroic tragedy and in opera, had at 
least a faint idea of what could be done with the curtain. 
Settle in Cambyses, King of Persia (L.1.F. 1671) has a cur- 
tain fall at the end of Act m1, although at the beginning of 
Act Iv we have a stage direction as to a “‘ scene-drawing” not 
a curtain rising. Howard in The Surprisal (T.R. in V.St. 
1662) employs the curtain to introduce a masque?: Mrs 
Behn reveals a spectacular temple by this device in The 
Forc’d Marriage (L.I.F. 1670)° and again the same authoress 
in The Young King (D.G. 1679) causes the curtain to be “‘/et 
down—being drawn up, discovers Orsames.” 

Not always, however, as we have seen, was the curtain so 
used. Scenes in the Restoration theatre were habitually 
changed in full view of the audience, and if any spectacular 
piece of scenery had to be “‘discovered,” it was done usually 
by “drawing” the two portions of a flat apart. ‘Thus in Act Iv. 
Sc. i of Lee’s Lucius Funius Brutus (D.G. 1680) “‘ The SCENE 
draws, showing the Sacrifice,” and in Act tv. Sc. it of Dryden’s 
An Evening’s Love (T.R. in B.St. 1668) ‘“‘ The Scene opens 
and discovers Aurelia.” Here again, we can observe, in some 
dramatists, a consciousness of the effect which could be pro- 
duced by a spectacular discovery such as these; towards the 
end of the century we find the “ discoveries ” increasing very 


1 For this question see an article by Mr W. J. Lawrence in Modern 
Language Review, Oct. 1920. 

® a1t. 4; 

3 11, Professor Odell has noted references to the curtain also in Caryll’s 
The English Princess, Mrs Manley’s The Royal Mischief, and Motteux’ 
The Island Princess (op. cit. 1. 133). 


56 THE THEATRE 


rapidly. Not that the scene-drawing was reserved for this 
alone: over and above this it was employed in many peculiar 
ways, exhibiting conventions which quite clearly take us 
back to the Globes and Fortunes of Elizabethan days. One 
of these is the peculiar method of drawing a scene in order 
to indicate the opening of a door into an inner room, the 
actors being supposed by this simple means to have changed 
entirely their locality. A typical example is to be found in 
Act v. Sc. ii of Crowne’s The City Politiques (D.L. 1683) 
where the Governor enters, and crying ‘‘Force open the 
Door!” ‘The Scene is” obediently ‘‘drawn” to reveal an 
inner chamber within. Crowne and Dryden especially seem 
to have been particularly fond of this stage convention, 
although numerous instances can be quoted from other and 
less well-known authors}. 

In the footnote to this page an example is given of a vision 
presented by means of such a stage device, and this again 


1 'The following examples may serve to show the scope of the convention. 
Dryden’s The Rival Ladies (T.R. in B.St. 1664), v. i, where the Captain 
says “Don Rod’rick’s Door opens, Ill speak to him,” and ‘“‘ The scENE 
draws, and discovers the Captain’s Cabin”: An Evening’s Love (T.R. in 
B.St. 1668), v. i, where Bellamy commands “ Maskall, open the Door,”’ 
**Maskall goes to one Side of the Scene, which draws, and discovers’’ several 
characters: later Bellamy asks Maskall to “shut the Door,” ‘‘ Maskall goes 
to the Scene and it closes”: Crowne’s Juliana (L.1.F. 1671), Iv. ili, where 
Juliana asks where the Cardinal is and she is told “‘he is so near, torches 
may show him.” ‘The Scene is drawn, the CARDINAL presented dead in 
a Grotto”: The Ambitious Statesman (D.L.. 1679), 11. The Constable, 
‘‘ Open these folding Doors!” “‘ The Scene is drawn,” and iv, The Constable, 
‘“*Now...open these Doors!” “‘ The Scene is drawn”: Thyestes (D.L.1681), 
v. i, Atreus ‘‘Open the Temple Gates,” “‘ The Temple is open(ed), Philis- 
thenes lies bloody”’: Sir Courtly Nice (D.L. 1685), 1, Leonora “‘ Open the 
Door!” ‘‘ The Scene ts drawn”’ and v, Violante “Open the Door,”’ “‘ The 
Scene is drawn’’: Regulus (D.L. 1692), V.iv, Xantippus “‘ Open the Door!”? 
“‘ The Scene is drawn, and REGULUS ts discover’d sitting in a Chair bloody.” 
Somewhat similar is the stage direction in The History of Charles the 
Eighth (D.G. 1671), Iv. ii, where Mompensier remarks that “The Gardens, 
Sir, are nigh,” and ‘‘ CHARLES and MOMPENSIER go out, and the Scene is 
Drawn.” Inv. ii of the same play a vision is presented by a similar means. 
This convention lasted throughout the century, appearing as late as 1697 
in Dilke’s The City Lady (L.1.F. 1697), 111. i, Lady Grumble “ Here, will 
some of you open those folding Doors there?”’ and “‘ Scene opens”: and 
in Drake’s The Sham Lawyer (D.L. 1696), tv.i: Homily ‘‘ This is the Door 
of the Chamber where he lies,” “‘ Homily knocks, the Scene opens.” There 
are even a few stray examples which may be quoted from the early 
eighteenth century. 


THE THEATRE 57 


is paralleled in many another play. In Lacy’s The Dumb 
Lady (T.R. in B.St., 1669), for instance, there is introduced 
a conjurer who talks of Elizium. Suddenly crying ‘Stand 
fast!” “He whistles, Elizium opens ; many Women’s Voices 
sing...they draw up Squire SorrHeaD with a Devil, and he 
cries out.” But to give further quotations of this and kindred 
conventions were needless. The fact is abundantly evident 
that the new methods, the spectacular devices, the conscious- 
ness of a new art in the theatre, existed alongside of the 
Elizabethan traditions. Continually actors could shift their 
places without moving one step from the stage: even, by a 
similar device, a certain portion of the characters could be 
cut off by a scene-shutting, leaving one or two on the front 
apron to continue the action of the play. In Dryden’s The 
Duke of Guise (D.L. 1682), for example, Malicorne moves 
forward with a servant. 
Malicorne: Bid him enter and go off thyself. 


[Exit SERVANT 
[ScENE closes upon the Company 


leaving of course Malicorne alone in the front. Such a con- 
vention, indeed, is commoner even than those enumerated 
immediately above. It could go so far as to transport, as on 
a wishing carpet, the character who remained into quite a 
different locality or position. In Mrs Trotter’s The Fatal 
Friendship (L.1.F. 1698) Castalio is in prison. Grammont 
has gone to visit him. The former “‘goes within the Scene. 
Gra. Advances, the scene shuts representing the outside of a 
Castle}.” 

The audience of the later seventeenth century were evi- 
dently not critical of those things which to-day would be 


1 As examples the following are typical. Leanerd’s The Rambling 
Justice (D.L. 1678), v. v, where “‘ They go into the Scene, and sit down, the 
‘Scene closes,’ leaving others on the stage: anonymous, Romulus and 
Hersilia (D.G. 1682), Iv. ii, where some “come forward, and the Scene 
shuts upon Feliciana”: Mrs Behn’s The Rover, Part 11 (D.G. 1680), I. ii, 
“‘ The Forepart of the Church shuts over, except Will. Blunt, Aria.and Lucia”’: 
Mrs Trotter’s Agnes de Castro (D.L. 1695), V.i, “ Elvira asleep on a Couch, 
Bianca weeping by her, Alvaro advances. The King enters to him, and the 
Scene shuts”: Southern’s The Wives Excuse (D.L. 1691), Iv. i, “‘ They go 
in to Play, The Scene shuts upon’em. WELLVILE and SIGHTLY stay.” 


58 THE THEATRE 


noticed first. Their criticism, we may guess, was, as prologue 
and epilogue declared, “‘modish.” Give them fine scenes, 
and they recked not what absurdities might ensue. Give them 
wit and gallantry or “‘high-astounding terms,” and the char- 
acters could change position, and open doors, and see very 
material visions, without much comment on their part. 
During the first years of the period, moreover, we must 
remember the majority of the audience were those who had 
sat in the Blackfriars and the Cockpit watching scenes from 
Ford and from Shirley, and possibly they might have ob- 
jected had too sudden an alteration been made. They were 
bound by indissoluble ties with the Cavaliers of the earlier 
age, and the little traditions and conventions which had 
appeared natural and right to their forefathers were bound 
to seem natural and right to them. Only as the structure of 
society altered towards the close of the century and in the 
age of Anne do we find any very marked changes in the 
theatre, and even then the changes were by no means com- 
plete or far-reaching. Even in tricks of dramatic construction 
traces of Elizabethan example are everywhere to be discovered. 
One instance will stand for many. The old Elizabethan habit 
of “labelling” or describing a person prior to his entrance 
was not forgotten when the theatres closed in 1642. It was a 
favourite custom of the Restoration playwrights and endured 
well into the eighteenth century. ‘‘My Lord,” says the 
servant in Crowne’s The City Politiques (D.L. 1683), ‘My 
Lord! here’s an old Counsellor, Bartoline...’? to which the 
Podesta makes answer, ‘“‘ This old Lawyer is a strange Fellow: 
he is very old, and very rich, and yet follows the Term, as 
if he were to begin the World,” whereat the Bricklayer chimes 
in, ‘‘ He has lost all his Teeth, that he can hardly speak, and 
he will be pleading for his Fee; but he is of our side, and 
sO we must not speak against him?.”’ As late as 1697 there 
was decided point in Dennis’ jibe: ‘‘ But since this Gentleman 
is to be shown in the Play-house, pray do what is done in 
our Comedies, and let me know something of the Character, 


1 11.1: ef. also Otway’s Vemce Preserv’d (D.G. 1682), 1. i. 


THE THEATRE 59 


before I see the Person.” Truly very little of the older stage 
was forgotten in the long eighteen years’ silence of the 
theatres. 

All the novelties, then, as we have seen, were rather de- 
velopments of earlier dramatic or theatrical forms than 
customs or forms introduced for the first time. Music, song 
and dance were among other characteristics of the Restora- 
tion playhouse, but even in the first part of the seventeenth 
century Jonson had declaimed against the attention which 
the audience were giving to these and similar adjuncts to 
plays. Certainly music, song and dance had. never usurped 
so much attention on the Elizabethan stage as they did on 
the stage of the Restoration, but we can never forget that 
they had been introduced long before and only saw their full 
development in this age and in the age of Anne, being taken 
up in 1660 from the plays of 1640 and thence carried to a 
nadir of absurdity. We notice the tendency first in the 
occasional songs placed, often quite dramatically, in the plays 
of Dryden and of D’Urfey; as the years advance, we can see 
it progressing until it reaches its culmination in the dramatic 
operas and in the numerous late seventeenth century comedies 
positively interlarded with diverse and frequently unsuitable 
ditties. Masques, too, moved from the stately atmosphere 
of the court to take their place in public tragedy and comedy, 
until hardly a play of any sort whatever could close without 
the joyous accompaniment of a dance. Foreign, mainly 
French, terpsichorean artists were brought over to London by 
various of the theatrical managers. Before that, of course, 
English artists had performed in plays:—Priest and Moll 
Davies in Sir Martin Mar-all (L.1.F. 1667), Channel and 
Priest in the operatic version of Macbeth. In spite of un- 
limited praise such as Flecknoe showers on ‘“‘ M(adam) M. 
Davies” for “‘her excellent Dancing and Singing” :— 

How I admire thee, Davies! 
Who would not say, to see thee dance so light, 
Thou wert all air, or else all flame and spright?— 


1 A Plot and No Plot (D.L. 1697), 1. 
2 Euterpe Reviv’d (1675), p. 64. 


60 THE THEATRE 


in spite of such praise, against her and the other dancers, 
English and foreign, prologue and epilogue, all through the 
years of the Restoration period, thundered or cajoled. As 
we know from play-bills of the eighteenth century these 
dancers and singers of occasional songs were not careful to 
make their shows harmonise with the subject of the play 
performed. In the very early years of the period D’Avenant 
in The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru (1658) had utilised 
dancing for dramatic effect as when a group of Indians enter 
“and, gazing on the face of the Scene, fall into a Mimick Dance, 
in which they express the Argument of the Prospect,” but by 
1670 all such dramatic purpose in dance and superimposed 
song had been lost. The foreign artists brought from across 
the seas, many of them probably ignorant of the English 
tongue, could not be expected to adapt their performances 
to the play of the evening, and dramatists must have felt 
that they were ruining the theatre of London. In 1676 
Etherege in The Man of Mode (D.G. 1676)! was moved to 
peculiar satire, declaring that the Russians “‘hearing the 
great respect we have for foreign Dancing, have lately sent 
over some of their best Balladines, who are now practising 
a famous Ballet which will be suddenly danced at the Bear 
Garden”—an unconscious prophecy of Diaghilev and the 
Alhambra in the present century?. 


The way to please you ts easie if we knew’t, 
says D’Urfey in the epilogue to The Injur’d Princess (D.L. 
1682), A Figg, a Song, a Rhyme or two will do’t. 


““Scenes, Habits, Dancing, or perhaps an Actress,”’ remarks 
Edward Howard in the preface to his Six Days’ Adventure 

aeLtes 

2 French dancers were brought over by Grabut for the Ariane of 
March 1673-4. Some of these were engaged by the Theatre Royal but 
somehow the agreement was broken (P.R.O., L.C. 5/140 last page). 
On May 6, 1674, the Lord Chamberlain ordered ‘“‘ Mt? Pecurr M? Le 
Temps Mr‘ Shenan and M* D’muraile ffrench Dancers in the late Opera” 
to attend Killigrew and perform in his theatre (P.R.O., L.C. 5/140, p. 472). 
In the masque of Calisto the following year eight French dancers (St An- 
drée, Le Duc, Lessant, Dumraille, Berteau, de Lisle, Hariette, Le Roy) 
and at least four English dancers (Isaack, Dyers, Smyth, Mottley) took 
part (P.R.O., L.C. 5/141, p. 197). See Appendix B. 


THE THEATRE bi 


(L.I.F. 1671), “Take more with Spectators, than the best 
Dramatick Wit,” and the same author, in the preface to his 
The Women’s Conquest (L.I.F. 1670) emphasises the fact that 
“serious Plays (now in use)” do not “wholly relie upon their 
Heroick Foundation” but on their “Scenes, Machines, 
Habits, Jiggs, and Dances.” The rapid development of the 
scenical art, even ten years after the opening of the theatres, 
was having its inevitable result. 

Symphonies, and the growth of the orchestra, also went 
along with the introduction of dances and songs. Symphonies, 
of course, had formed part of the structure of D’Avenant’s 
musical plays of 1656 and 1658, but his efforts, by 1680 or 
1690, would have appeared sufficiently trivial and ridiculous. 

The whole age was undoubtedly musical. That love of 
singing and of lute-playing which Elizabethan England had 
was retained over the Puritanical barriers of the Common- 
wealth. Great and small, important and unimportant, all 
seemed to have within them a passion for expressing them- 
selves through the medium of music. From Shakespeare to 
Killigrew, from Milton to Pepys, this is equally true: England 
shared to the full that interest in song and in symphony which 
was so marked a feature of contemporary Italy and France. 
The most complete expression of this interest is, naturally, 
to be sought for in the later opera of the eighteenth century: 
but, even for the very first years of the Restoration, Pepys 
has left on record how the patentee of the Theatre Royal, 
who could neither sing nor play, took pains to perfect his 
theatre in the matter of music. He it was who removed the 
orchestra to a new position, a position imaged for it as early 
as 1600 by Emilio del Cavaliere?. He it was who increased 


1 Preface to the Rappresentazione di Anima e di Corpo (Rome, 1600). 
As in former days the Restoration orchestra first performed above or at 
the side of the projecting stage, and probably did so even in D’Avenant’s 
early theatre, but by Killigrew it was placed where it is now, in front of, 
or under, the stage and was later enclosed by a row of ominous-looking 
spiked railings. For D’Avenant’s theatre Pepys’ reference to the “ Musique 
room” (Nov. 7, 1667) seems conclusive, and even Killigrew’s innovation, 
when made, would not seem to have been popular. Pepys, certainly, did 
not like it (May 8, 1663), and in a contemporary ballad concerning the 
fire of Jan. 25, 1671-2 it is quite evident that the music-room must have 
been in its old position at the top of the house. In Villiers’ The Chances 


62 THE THEATRE 


the number of its performers from two or three to almost a 
dozen}. He it was, too, who started to emulate Italy by the 
introduction of foreign eunuchs for treble singing?. 

We may trace, therefore, this development of musical 
accompaniment in several different ways. We can take note 
of the ever greater and greater number of foreign performers 
who found a happy home in England. Farquhar in the 
epilogue to his Love and a Bottle (D.L. 1699) mentions these 
singers, among them “‘ Seignior Rampony,” a eunuch, and 
“Don Sigismondo Fideli,” the latter of whom, a note to the 
epilogue informs us, was receiving ‘“‘ £20. a time.” We may 
note the gradual development of the orchestra. We may note 
the introduction of large choruses such as the Chapel Royal 
boys in Shadwell’s Tempest®. In every way, the ground was 
being prepared for the introduction after 1705 of the Italian 


(T.R. in B.St. 1667) there is a stage direction for ‘‘ Musick...above,” and 
similar directions occur in Orrery’s unacted Zoroastres (see M.L.R. xil, 
Jan. 1917). In the reproductions to Settle’s The Empress of Morocco 
(D.G. 1673) the music-room is set right in the centre of the proscenium. 
The probability is that both the music-room and the recess in front of 
the stage could be utilised by the performers, and, in certain cases, the 
stage itself (cf. stage directions in Porter’s The Villain (L.1.F. 1662), 
1 and 11, and p. 60, note 2). 

1 Pepys, May 8, 1663. The 24 performers mentioned in Shadwell’s 
Tempest (D.G. 1674) were no doubt specially augmented for the occasion. 
Chappuzeau mentions 12 as against 6 in Paris (Europe Vivante, Geneva, 
1667). 

2 Pepys, Oct. 14, 1668. 

3 The musicians of the King were frequently employed in the theatres. 
A grant of £40 of silks “to cloath the Musick for the play called The 
Indian Queene”? was made to Killigrew in Jan. 1663-4 (P.R.O. L.C. 
5/138, p. 15). On Mar. 20, 1664-5, a similar grant was made for habits 
to clothe 24 “violins” (id. p. 45), and on Mar. 18, an order was issued 
“to make vp Habitts of seuerall coloured rich Taffataes for fower and 
twenty violins” (id. p. 46). It may be noted that these entries seem to 
substantiate Professor Odell’s contention that the musicians frequently 
played, not under the stage or in the ‘‘ music room,”’ but on the projecting 
apron itself in full view of the audience, making an integral part of each 
play. A further warrant, issued on Dec. 20, 1664, commanded Singleton, 
Clayton, Young, Fitz, Hudson, Strong, Staggins, Bannister and Brockwell 
“to attend at His Mates Theatre whensoever M* Thomas Killigrew shall 
desire”’ (td. p. 429). For some reason these musicians came into conflict 
with Charles Killigrew, so that we find, a decade later, ‘The humble 
petition of John Singleton Theop ffitz Hen. Brockwell Edmund fflower 
and Jos ffashion part of his Mats Band of Violins agt Mt Charles Killigrew 
Master of the Reuells for dismissing them their attendance at the play 
house—May 8, 1677” (P.R.O., L.C. 5/190 and 5/138, p. 429). 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 63 


opera in all its entirety. At the same time, the structure of 
tragedies and of comedies was being weakened Farces like 
Ravenscroft’s The Anatomist (L.I.F. 1697) came into being 
solely for the sake of their musical entertainments. The 
dramatic operas, in the hands of Shadwell and D’Urfey were 
rapidly driving pure tragedy from the stage. 

In every way we are watching the dramatic art in a period 
of change, ere it has swept off its older traditions: and the 
audience forms both the cause of its development and the 
reason for the retention of more primitive forms. 


V. The Actors and Actresses 


Before leaving the stage and passing to the actual dramatic 
works of this half-century, we must pause to take into account 
another highly determining influence on the nature of both 
tragedy and comedy, an influence itself not dissociated from 
that of the audience. I refer to the actors and the actresses 
of the time. 

As I have indicated above, the noise in the playhouse and 
the fact that the spectators went to the theatre more for their 
own private affairs than to watch the scenes before them, 
necessitated a very high standard of acting if a play were to 
take even at all. The constant change of repertoire also must 
have demanded from the performers a considerable ability, 
if they were satisfactorily to carry through day after day. We 
do, certainly, hear of cases when the actors, as Pepys says, 
“were at fault,”’ and one comedy at least, in the opinion of 
the author, was “damnably acted at the Theatre Royal in 
Drury Lane}, but for the most part the histrionic talent 
must have been remarkable. It is difficult now to recapture 
the tones of an actor long since dead, to revisualise his ap- 
pearance and his gestures: it is sometimes unsafe to take on 
trust the comments of contemporaries: but, weighing one 
thing with another, we must come to the conclusion that the 

1 Drake’s The Sham Lawyer (D.L. 1696). Shadwell, after praising 
Etherege’s She Wou’d if she Cou’d (L.I.F. 1668) in the preface to his 


The Humorists (L.1.F. 1670), remarks that that play was nearly damned 
because of the wretched acting. See also Pepys, July 28, 1664. 


64 THE THEATRE 


revival of the theatres saw the growth and development of 
a most notable body of English actors. Betterton himself 
must have been a genius, holding himself from the grosser 
vices of the time, placing before himself a high and noble 
ideal of the histrionic art. Nor did he stand alone. The age 
teems with tragic and comic actors, who, judging from all 
accounts, were worthy of the highest praise the Restoration 
critic could give them—that they were able by their inter- 
pretation of the poet’s lines to cause even the fops and the 
orange-girls to cease their chattering. 

This group of notable actors, both of the King’s and of 
the Duke’s companies, affected the drama in diverse ways, 
for good and for evil. Betterton, for example, must have 
admirably interpreted Shakespeare to his age—we know that 
he played Brutus, Falstaff, Hamlet, Henry VIII, Hotspur, 
Lear, Mercutio, Othello, Pericles, Toby Belch, Timon, Titus 
and Troilus: he was the original of Jaffier in Venice Preserv’d 
and of Castalio in The Orphan: but at the same time his 
undoubted ability enabled him to pass off with applause, not 
only these outstanding characters, but also “the furious 
fustian and turgid rants” of contemporary melodrama. “If 
I tell you,” says Cibber in his chatty Apology, “‘'There was 
no one tragedy, for many years, more in favour with the town 
than Alexander (of Lee), to what must we impute this its 
command of publick Admiration? Not to its intrinsick Merit, 
surely...(but) plainly, (to) the grace and harmony of the 
actor’s utterance.’ Betterton in this was again not alone. 
Doggett could invest a tedious or a truly humorous old 
alderman with charm: and Mrs Barry could grace a witty 
Love for Love of Congreve or a weary History of Charles the 
Eighth of France: or, The Invasion of Naples by the French 
of Crowne. The audience would cheer at both and only the 
more penetrating prefer the admirable to the ridiculous 
character, could dissociate Mrs Barry or Doggett or Betterton 
from the parts they played. 

On the other hand, in this intimate theatre of 1660 to 1700, 
dramatists were much more nearly related to the stage than 
they have been in later centuries. Of the various eminent 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 65 


actors whom Cibber found on the united stage in 1690, only 
one of the men and only two or three of the women had not 
been acting in the early Restoration period. That is to 
say, these particular players had become the familiar spec- 
tacles of audiences at the Duke’s and King’s houses, and 
spectators and dramatists alike had come to know their little 
idiosyncrasies and mannerisms. A story typical of the age 
is told of Sandford, ‘‘an excellent Actor in disagreeable 
Characters.”” Once, in a new play, he was cast for an honest 
man. The audience waited impatiently until he should throw 
off his mask of virtue and appear a villain, and then, dis- 
appointed of their hope and expectation, they finally damned 
the play altogether’. This meant, not only that the manage- 
ment was forced to cast Sandford always for evil parts, but 
that the dramatists writing for the stage were impelled to 
create “‘ Macchiavellian” characters specially for him. Most 
of the actors of Restoration times were in Sandford’s case: 
few, like Betterton, were all-embracing enough to take parts 
both grave and gay. The majority took up one line, and 
aided thus in establishing those “‘stock” characters which 
appear in comedy after comedy, in tragedy after tragedy, 
during those forty years. Very few dramatis personae could 
be taken by ‘“‘Any-Body” as is Ample in The Revenge, or, 
A Match in Newgate (D.G. 1680). 

Of them all, of course, Betterton is chief. Born in 1635, 
he was some 25 years old when first Rhodes engaged him in 
his Cockpit company of actors, and there apparently he 
attained at once to a pre-eminent position. On Nov. 5, 1660, 
his name appears at the head of the actors who entered into 
agreement with D’Avenant. In 1668 he was associated with 
D’Avenant and Harris in the management of the theatre in 
L.I.F. and for it invented several new stage machines’. At 


1 Cibber (ed. Lowe, 1. 132 and cf. Tony Aston in same edition of 
Cibber, 11. 306). 

2 Betterton first introduced French dancers and singers, according to 
Downes, and invented the machines for Albion and Albanius and other 
operas. It was he who “procur’d from abroad...Monsieur L’ Abbe, 
Madam Sublini, Monsieur Balon, Margarita Delpine, Maria Gallia and 
divers others” (Downes, p. 46). ‘‘ He was the first Innovator on our rude 


NRD 5 


66 THE THEATRE 


the Union of 1682 he assisted in amalgamating the two 
companies, and in 1695 was the first to break with the 
patentees and to open the rival house at L.I.F. All through 
he was regarded as the chief theatrical figure of his time, and 
there are only one or two satirical notices of him by con- 
temporaries—a rare thing in that lampooning age}. Not till 
the beginning of the eighteenth century, when he was up- 
wards of seventy years of age, did his strength begin to fail, 
and even then he continued acting, if intermittently, until 
his death in 1710. 

It is an undoubted fact that Betterton’s histrionic art im- 
pressed itself upon the dramatic literature of his age, his 
dignified, graceful, yet somewhat heavy and florid form inter- 
preting admirably those interminable heroic generals who 
abound in that period of Restoration melodrama. In Orrery’s 
Henry V (L.1.F. 1664) he created the part of Owen Tudor: 
in the same author’s Mustapha (L.I.F. 1665) that of Soliman: 
in Banks’ The Destruction of Troy (D.G. 1678) that of Achilles: 
in Settle’s Cambyses (L.I.F. 1671) and in Banks’ Cyrus (L.1.F. 
1695) the two heroes who give their names to those plays: 
and these, and such-like characters, we may presume, were 
written with more than half an eye to the distinguished figure 
who was to interpret them. 

Like most great actors, however, Betterton did not confine 
himself to tragedy. Although his figure, which was “serious, 
venerable, and majestic” in spite of a somewhat “ Pock- 
fretten” face? and a short thick neck rather inclining to be 
corpulent, seemed best suited for heavy heroic parts, he was 
evidently equally good not only in a roistering Falstaff, but 
in gay, light-o’-love flirters like Wittmore and Fainall. ‘Thus 
in Tuke’s The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) we find 
him creating the part of Don Henrique: in Etherege’s Love 
in a Tub (L.1.F. 1664) that of Beauford: and in Shadwell’s 
Epsom Wells (D.G. 1672) that of Bevil. If he has to be 
taken into account for the development of the “hero” in 


Stage,”’ says the author of The History of the English Stage (1741, p. 7), 
forgetting D’Avenant. 

1 One of these is the Epilogue to The Fatal Discovery (D.L. 1698). 

2 Tony Aston (in Lowe’s edition of Cibber, 11. 300), 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 67 


tragedy, he is no less important for the development of the 
character of the contemporary gallant, easy, graceful and 
debonair. 

Betterton, however, would not seem to have been the chief 
lover of the Duke’s company. “‘Ayery” Henry Harris appears 
to have taken those parts which demanded pathos and amorous 
passion more than heroism or witty dalliance. Harris is some- 
what of an ephemeral figure, but contemporaries have told 
us of his successful parts. Romeo he took on the revival of 
Shakespeare’s play at L.I.F. in 1665, and he created the 
parts of Sir Frederick Frollick in Etherege’s Love in a Tub 
(L.I.F. 1664), of Warner in Dryden’s Sir Martin Mar-all 
(L.I.F. 1667), of Raines in Shadwell’s Epsom Weils (D.G. 
1672), and of Hector in Banks’ The Destruction of Troy 
(D.G. 1678)}. 

Corresponding to these two at the rival Theatre Royal we 
find ‘‘Major” Michael Mohun and Charles Hart, “the 
Roscius and Aesopus” of that age according to Rymer?, both 
of them pre-Commonwealth actors who had taken up their 
profession again on the opening of the theatres. Neither of 
them acted after the Union of the companies in 1682. Mohun 
appears to have been a slightly heavier actor than Hart, who, 
as Davies informs us°, ‘‘shone in the gay gentleman, such as 
Dorimant and Loveless.” Mohun it was who created Mithri- 
dates in Lee’s play of that name (D.L. 1678) as well as 
Augustus Caesar and Hannibal in the same author’s Glortana 
(D.L. 1676) and Sophonisba (D.L. 1675). Hart character- 
istically played Caesario in Gloriana and Massinissa in 
Sophonisba. Downes mentions him as being especially good 
as Mosca in Volpone, Don John in The Chances and Wildblood 
in Dryden’s The Mock Astrologer. He is the recipient also 
of some verses in Flecknoe’s Euterpe Revived (1675) which 
compares him with Richard Burbage :—“Such—Burbadge 
was once, And such Charles Hart is now+.” 

The only other really great serious actor of the time seems 


1 He acted from about 1660 on to about 1681. 

2 Tragedies of the Last Age (1678). 

3 Dramatic Miscellanies, 111. 279. Downes is high in his praise (p. 16). 
4 Euterpe Reviv’d, p. 78. 


5-2 


68 THE THEATRE 


to have been Edward Kynaston, whom we first meet as 
impersonating the Duke’s sister in The Loyal Subject, making, 
as Pepys assures us, “the loveliest lady that ever I saw in 
my life.” Later in the century he developed a kind of stately 
grace, which enabled him to play such parts as Morat in 
Aureng-Zebe (D.L. 1675) and Muley Moloch in Don Sebastian 
(D.L. 1689) with a fitting awe and majesty”. Save for such 
“majestic” parts, however, he probably did little in in- 
fluencing the characters created by the dramatists. He was 
certainly the original Lord Touchwood in The Double Dealer 
(D.L. 1693), the original Valentine in Love in a Wood (T.R. 
in B.St. 1671) and the original Freeman in The Plain Dealer 
(D.L. 1676), but none of these impersonations appear to have 
been noted. 

Much more important for their influence on the works of 
the dramatists are the comedians, both of the Duke’s and of 
the Royal company. Of these James Nokes or Noke of the 
L.I.F. house must have been one of the most outstanding. 
Contemporaries say that no one could equal him in the inter- 
pretation of a grave English type of folly. Sir Nicholas Cully 
in Etherege’s Love in a Tub (L.1.F. 1664), Puny in Cowley’s 
Cutter of Coleman Street (L.1.F. 1661), Ninny in Shadwell’s 
The Sullen Lovers (L.1.F. 1668)—characters such as these 
abound in contemporary comedy, and many of them must 
have been penned especially for this actor. His Sir Martin 
Mar-all became famous?: Dryden, says the author of The 
History of the English Stage*, ‘wrote Gomez, in the Spanish 
Fryar in Compliment to him”: he was the original of Sir 
Davy Dunce in Otway’s The Souldier’s Fortune (D.G. 1680) 
and Davies notes that the success of the same author’s The 
History and Fall of Caius Marius (D.G. 1679) was largely 
due to the acting of Underhill as Sulpitius and that of Nokes 
as the Nurse®. Cave Underhill, Nokes’ companion in low 
comedy, cultivated the stiff, heavy and stupid boobies rather 

1 Pepys, Aug. 18, 1660. Downes also refers to his success in women’s 
ace “He was a Compleat Female Stage Beauty,” says Cibber (1. r21— 


2 Cibber, 1. 125. 3 Cibber, 1. 141-5. 
LEN Se 5 III. 191. 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 69 


than the simple and foolish nouveaux riches. His First 
Gravedigger in Hamlet became famous, as did two of his 
other parts, Obadiah in The Committee and Sir Sampson 
Legend in Love for Love (L.1.F. 1695)!, Pedagog in Orrery’s 
Mr Anthony (D.G. 1671?), Diego in Tuke’s The Adventures 
of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) and Moody in Dryden’s Sir 
Martin Mar-all (L.1.F. 1667) may well have been written 
for him. 

Among the actors at the T.R. were several who likewise 
indulged in specialised types of low comedy. John Lacy, who 
was a dramatist as well as a player, excelled in ‘‘ humours” of 
various kinds?, his Teague in The Committee becoming 
famous. He was a noted Falstaff, and achieved success as 
Sawney in his own adaptation of The Taming of the Shrew 
(T.R. in B.St. 1667). On July 13, 1667, Pepys heard that he 
was dying, but he appears to have continued acting until 
about 1681. Of the other players, two only remain to be 
noted, Mountfort and Sandford, the first of whom gave life 
to the wondrous Sparkishes and Sir Courtly Nices of the 
comedy of manners?, the other of whom, as we have seen, 
gave birth to the Machiavellian villains with which Restora- 
tion tragedy and tragi-comedy abounds. The first was the 
creator of Young Belfond in Shadwell’s The Squire of Alsatia 
(D.L. 1688), Wildish in the same author’s Bury Fair (D.L. 
1689), Young Reveller in his own Greenwich Park (D.L. 
1691) and acted the Rover in Mrs Behn’s play of that name 
(evidently after the Union of the companies). Sandford of 
the Duke’s company may have inspired Porter to write 
Malignii in The Villain (L.1.F. 1662) and Lee to create Creon 
in Oedipus (D.G. 1679). He was the original Jasper of Payne’s 
The Fatal Fealousie (D.G. 1672) and the original Gonzalez 
of Congreve’s The Mourning Bride (L.1.F. 1697). 

When studying the personnel of the Restoration theatre, 
however, we find probably more of interest in the women 
than in the men. It is with the actresses that the Restoration 


\ 
1 Cibber, 1. 154-6. 
2 Pepys, May 21, 1662, June 10, 1663. Langbaine, pp. 317-18. 
8 Cibber, I. 127-30; also II. 342-5. 


70 THE THEATRE 


made its most characteristic break-away from the traditions 
of the older theatre, although it is very hard to determine 
exactly how far women had been allowed to appear on the 
stage before the year 1642. We know, of course, of the French 
troupe which visited the Blackfriars, the Red Bull and the 
Fortune in 1629 and which received a not over-flattering re- 
ception from their Albion audiences, and we know of the 
women who regularly acted in the court masques of the early 
seventeenth century. It would appear very strange if no 
attempt had been made to introduce some actress or other 
in the later years of the theatre of Charles I. The very fact 
that we have found the theatre of 1660 basing itself in all 
ways on the theatre of 1640 would induce us to believe that 
D’Avenant and Killigrew before the outbreak of Civil War 
had both known the charm of seeing Rosalind and Ophelia 
played by persons of their own sex. 

However this may be, the first appearance of an actress 
that we can discover is the personation by Mrs Coleman of 
Janthe in D’Avenant’s “opera” of 1656, and this appearance 
did not signify by any means that the older tradition of boy- 
actors was broken. I have already mentioned the fact that 
Kynaston appeared in the early years of the theatre as a girl, 
and there must have been others who, besides him, im- 
personated the heroines of tragedy and of comedy. At the 
same time, the tradition had been broken into by the long 
Commonwealth period. Thus actors who, in 1642, had been 
playing girls’ parts at the Red Bull and Blackfriars were now 
fully adult; the training of the boys in the earlier years must 
have taken time; and now there were none of these on whom 
the managers might rely. ‘The remedy was perfectly obvious 
and it is only surprising that it was not thought of sooner. 
Pepys saw women on the stage for the first time on Jan. 3, 
1660/61, at the Royal Theatre. We must remember, however, 
that the diaryist had attended the theatre only some half a 
score of times previous to this date, and that because he saw 
women for the first time then does not mean either that 
women were, in Jan. 1660/61, fully established on the stage, 
or that they had not appeared before that date. From the 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 71 


fact that Jordan in his Royal Arbor of Loyal Poesie has 
““A Prologue to introduce the first Woman who came to Act on 
the Stage in the Tragedy, call’d The Moor of Venice” and 
that Herbert noted a production of Othello on Dec. 8, 1660, 
it has been presumed that this precise date marks the appear- 
ance of our first woman actress. I shall not dwell here on 
the separate problem as to the identity of this ‘‘ blue-stocking ” 
nor shall I comment on the slight ambiguity in the title to 
Jordan’s poem, but I may remark that as early as October, 
1660, the Red Bull players in a petition addressed to the 
King, mention that they have come to an agreement with 
Killigrew to act under his management along with “‘ woemen.” 
The petition does not actually state that they were so acting, 
but at any rate we may presume from its wording that the 
appearance of women on the stage had been well-talked of 
and probably already experimentally tried by that time. The 
production of Othello on Dec. 8, 1660, was apparently not the 
first after the Restoration, as Herbert notes that play among 
the repertoire of the Red Bull players, and there is just the 
possibility that another poem in Jordan’s book indicates a 
much earlier date for the advent of our primal actress. He 
has, immediately before the prologue for Othello, ‘“A Prologue 
to a Comedy call’'d The Tamer Tam’d, June 25. 1660” and 
a corresponding epilogue ‘‘ Spoken by the Tamer, a Woman” — 
which may, or may not, refer to a particular actress. 
Whenever the first woman appeared, whoever she was, the 
fact remains that from the erection of the first houses of 
D’Avenant and Killigrew we find the actresses fully estab- 
lished and the boy-actors vanished away. Again, as with 
most of the Restoration innovations or stage developments, 
we must distinguish here between a good and a bad influence, 
both of which were exercised by these actresses. They cer- 
tainly made possible a more charming presentation of Shake- 
spearian tragedy and comedy, shedding a fresh light on the 
Desdemonas and the Ophelias of the past: but the new 
audience which had called them into being did not, it is to 
be suspected, regard them always from this artistic point of 
view. From the King down to the fops, the male spectators 


72 THE THEATRE 


looked upon these actresses as little better than prostitutes, 
and they themselves were certainly not slow in encouraging 
promising lovers. The gallants could go behind the scenes, 
easily, on the payment of a little extra feet. In prologue and 
in epilogue broad hints were cast out to the audience that 
the ladies of the theatre were not to be sued in vain. Very 
few of those actresses lived chaste lives. Nell Gwyn, Moll 
Davis, Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle—all were stamped with 
the same die. It is perfectly exceptional to find one like Mrs 
Sanderson, later the wife of Betterton, against whom little 
scandal was cast. We have to recognise that some of these 
women had a true artistic genius for the stage: but, at the 
same time, we must be careful not to assume that they always 
aided unselfishly in the interpretation of the works of dramatic 
art. The majority must have thought more of a fine gown, 
or maybe of a coach and pair, than of a fine play. Mrs Barry, 
who, being the beloved idol of the hopeless and hapless 
Otway, was the model and the inspiration of Monimia and 
of Belvidera and who, by her sympathetic acting of the 
heroines of the heroic tragedy, aided in establishing that form 
of dramatic art in a place of popularity, was as debased and 
licentious as the commonest women of the town. A contem- 
porary critic declares that she could spend the night with a 
man, take all his money, and refuse to recognise him the 
following morning unless he could scrape together another 
pitiful five guineas. The story of Nell Gwyn is too well 
known to require re-telling. She was the original Florimel, 
and almost certainly Dryden wrote his light airy parts for 
her: yet she left the stage to flaunt it in Whitehall, there to 
found some of the most illustrious of our aristocratic families. 

The actresses, on the other hand, however low they suc- 
ceeded in dragging down the playhouse, did, like the men, 
present to the theatre a series of stock types, and helped to 
keep alive species of drama which in less able hands would 
have had but a short existence. Mrs Sanderson, later Mrs 
Betterton, seems to have been noted in Shakespearian parts, 
and may have done something toward popularising the works 


+ See supra p. 13. 


THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES 73 


of that master in the first years of the Restoration. Mrs Anne 
Bracegirdle, whose advent came somewhat later, gave life to 
those Statiras and Millamants which mark the last years of 
the century. She was the favourite of both Congreve and 
Rowe. “In Tamerlane, Rowe courted her Selimain the person 
of Axalla; in the Fair Penitent, he was the Horatio to her 
Lavinia; and in Ulysses, the Telemachus to Bracegirdle’s 
Semanthe. Congreve insinuated his addresses in his Valentine 
to her Angelica, in Love for Love; in his Osmyn to her 
Almeria, in the Mourning Bride; and lastly, in his Mirabel 
to her Millamant, in the Way of the World?.” 

Another actress of the same period, Mrs Leigh, ably per- 
sonated those antiquated and odious specimens of old- 
maidism or of wasted age such as the typical Lady Wishfort. 
Still another, Mrs Verbruggen, played the “‘hoydens” that 
appear in so many of D’Urfey’s plays and in those of not a 
few of his contemporaries. 

Creation of characters, then, whether male or female, use 
of scenery, structure of dramas, management of plot, dialogue 
and aim—all these we find, in this narrow little playhouse 
world where one class ruled and a king’s laugh was the cue 
for applause, more intimately connected with the stage than 
in almost any other period of our dramatic history. To-day 
we may occasionally find a play or two written for a special 
actor or actress, but the theatrical world is too vast, the temper 
of the dramatists too abstracted, to permit of a very great 
subservience of comedy and of tragedy to actual stage con- 
ditions. Man and Superman, we feel, and Fustice, were 
written for nobody in particular. They are bound by the 
general requirements of the modern stage, but those require- 
ments are less strict now than they were in the last years of 
the seventeenth century. Justice was not written to utilise a 
particular prison-set, or Man and Superman to make use of 
a scene in Hell. For the Restoration period we cannot look 
at plays, if we are to regard them historically, in a line of 
dramatic development, from such a purely literary standpoint 
as that from which we can regard Man and Superman and 


1 Davies, Dramatic Miscellanies (1784), U1. 337-8. 


74 THE THEATRE 


Justice. For the Restoration, we have always to think of the 
particular Duke’s theatre and Theatre Royal for which the 
plays were written. The basis of the dramas, their structure, 
their aim, their very being, is to be explained only by a 
reference to the playhouse itself, the actors and actresses on 
the stage, and the audience, which sat gallantly indifferent 
and cynical in pit and side-box and galleries. 


CHAPTER TWO 
TRAGEDY 


I. Restoration Tragedy and Comedy: 
Introductory 


N turning from the audience and the theatre to the actual 

dramatic works written during the reigns of Charles, 
James and William, we seem at first to meet with a totally 
different productivity from what we should have expected. 
The comedy of manners and the coarser comedy of humours 
were certainly reflexes of the gay immoral aristocratic life of 
the age. Nothing could more perfectly have mirrored the 
upper-class life of the time than the comedy of Etherege and 
of Congreve: nothing could have pictured more faithfully the 
debased standards of social existence than plays such as The 
Squire of Alsatia. Opera, also, we might have been prepared 
for, because in opera we see the quintessence of music, song, 
show and dance—precisely those things which, we found, 
appealed to a vast majority of the play-going public of the 
epoch. But neither opera nor comedy at all exhausts the 
dramatic productivity of these forty years: there is left out 
of account that most characteristic of all the Restoration 
theatrical species, the heroic tragedy. (This heroic tragedy) is 
obviously a thing entirely apart from the comedy of gay 
licentious manners. (With its flaunting honour and its im- 
possibly idealistic love passions, it seems indeed so far away 
both from that comedy and from social life jas we have seen it 
displayed in the theatre(that it would appear impossible to 
find any link between them) Our first impulse might rather 
be to dismiss the whole of the heroic tragedy as a foreign 
innovation, or at any rate as a forced half-artificial flower, 
raised by the false taste of Charles and dying a natura! death 
about the year 1677. 


76 TRAGEDY 


There are, however, two or three things which must give 
us to pause.{ Even although many critics have thus regarded 
the heroic tragedy, we must remember that Charles was 
intensely of his age. He rarely forced on his courtiers any- 
thing they did not want, probably he could not have forced 
it upon them.(In embracing the heroic species) therefore, 
we may be sure that\he was but reflecting the attitude and 
expressing the desires of his time. )This belief is further 
strengthened when we-notice;the) obvious popularity of that 
tragedy, not only during its recognised reign (1664-77) but 
even for many years after.) Sedley might crack jokes at some 
follies in Orrery’s The General: Arrowsmith in The Re- 
formation (D.G. 1673) might write elaborate burlesque on 
the species?: Shadwell, who was no tragic expert, might 
ridicule the love and honour rants in prologue and in epilogue®: 
Edward Howard, as early as Shadwell, might rate against 
heroic rime and “‘the wresting in of Dances, when unnatural 
and improper to the business of the Scene and Plot*”: 
Buckingham and others might plan a Rehearsal in 1665 and 
bring it on the stage in 1671: Duffett might be commissioned 
by the Theatre Royal to write a satire on The Empress of 
Morocco acted by the Duke’s company: others, not much 

1 Pepys, Wed. Sept. 28, 1664. 

2 Especially Iv. 1. 

3 The prologue to his first play, The Sullen Lovers (L.1.F. 1668) makes 
fun of the “ Love and Honour Feast”: the epilogue to The Miser (T.R. in 
B.St. 1672) attacks the school of rime: the epilogue to The Virtuoso (D.G. 
1676) speaks of 

“A dull Romantick whining Play: 

Where poor frail Woman’s made a Deity, 

With senseless amorous Idolatry, 

And snivelling Heroes sigh, and pine, and cry. 

Though singly they beat Armies, and huff Kings, 

Rant at the Gods, and do impossible Things; 

Though they can laugh at Danger, Blood, and Wounds; 
Yet if the Dame once chides, the Milk-sop Heroe swoons. 


Those doughty Things nor Manners have, nor Wit; 
We ne’er saw Hero fit to drink with yet’’: 


and in The History of Timon of Athens (D.G. 1678) in 1. i it is noticeable 
that, in the person of the poet, Shadwell aims a direct attack upon the 
supporters of the popular tragedy. 

4 The Usurper (T.R. in B.St. 1664), preface (written probably in 
1667). 


INTRODUCTORY “7 


inclined to the heroic species, like Ravenscroft! and New- 
castle®, might take up the anti-heroic cue: even definitely 
heroic writers such as Settle in his Ibrahim (D.G. 1676) 
might show quite plainly their realisation that they were not 
suiting themselves, but simply giving the public what it 
wanted. We may marshal quite a small army of anti-heroic 
utterances from such diverse quarters, but none of them, not 
all of them taken together, can dispute the fact that the 
heroic tragedy was popular and that its characters, scenes and 
emotions were continued long after the year 1677 rang the 
death-knell of rime. 

Nor is it possible, even, to make any sharp division between 
the tragic dramatists and the comic dramatists of the age. 
Some men, like Nat Lee, wrote nothing but tragedies: others, 
like Etherege, wrote nothing but comedies: but the most 
noticeable figures, Dryden, Otway, Congreve, even men like 
Crowne and D’Urfey, shared serious and light emotion, 
turning easily from one to the other world as if familiar with 
both. The two worlds are as utterly different as could possibly 
be imagined, that we must confess. In Elizabethan times 
romantic comedy and romantic tragedy, realistic comedy and 
realistic tragedy, had not been overfar apart. We can compare 
Rosalind and Juliet, even women of the realistic comedy and 


1 The preface to his The Careless Lovers (D.G. 1673) is directed against 
“* Siedges and Opera’s”’ and the epilogue is on the same theme: 


“ They that observe the Humors of the Stage, 
Find Fools and Heroes best do please this Age, 
But both grown so extravagant, I scarse 
Can tell, if Fool or Hero makes the better Farce: 
As for Example, take our Mamamouchi, 
And then Almansor, that so much did touch ye, 
That bully Hero, that did kill and slay, 
And conquer ye Ten Armies in one Day.” 


2 See Act m1 of The Triumphant Widow, or, The Medley of Humours 
(D.G. 1674) where the Musician is made to say: “Come, Sir, go on, I 
love Tragedy, especially Heroick. Oh, it does chime, and make the 
finest noise, ’tis no matter whether it be sense or no, so it be 
Heroick.” 

3 Epilogue: 

“ How many has our Rhimer kill’d to day? 
What need of Siege and Conquest in a Play, 
When Love can do the work as well as they?” 


78 TRAGEDY 


Alice Arden, and feel that there are points of resemblance 
between them. Can the same be said for Florimel and 
Almahide? Yet our task is clear: the tragedy of the heroic 
soul cannot be dissociated from its age: it must be explained 
not as an isolated phenomenon, as a dramatic species out of 
touch with its time, but as an integral part of Restoration 
theatrical endeavour. 

/ On a more close examination of the characteristics of 
Gaed;, and comedy during this period, the difficulties which 
at first seem to confront one from every side begin gradually 
to vanish. Not all the features of Restoration comedy and 
tragedy can be explained by a reference to the changed and 
changing spirit of the age, but the main basis of that comedy 
and of that tragedy ultimately depends upon the altered tastes 
and temper of the époch: The Elizabethan age had been 
infused with an intangible but ever-present spirit of heroism, 
a heroism that displayed itself in the exploits of Drake and 
of Ralegh, in the ardour of those common seamen whose 
courage sent scattering the mighty pride of the Spanish 
Armada) in the noble chivalric conceptions of Spenser. The 
age, if coarse, was accustomed to see actions that were instinct 
with courage and with faith. The doughty temper thus de- 
veloped penetrated through all ranks of society, from the 
aristocrats of the court down to the lower rabble who stood 
chattering in the pit of the theatres. That there was a gradual 
weakening of that spirit after 1600 is readily demonstrable, 
but it gave to our literature, from 1580 onwards to near the 
outbreak of the Civil War, a certain dignity and nobility of 
romance. With romance and nobility around them in real 
life, the audiences at the Blackfriars and at the Globe were 
content to witness romance and nobility in tragedy and in 
comedy, a romance and a nobility not far removed from that 
of their actual experience. The quiet courage of As You 
Ltke It, the awful nobility of Othello, the perfect gentlemanli- 
ness of The English Traveller—all these are but reflexes of 
ordinary life. Many an Elizabethan lady must have seen 
herself in Rosalind: the courage and the faith of Othello is 
mirrored in the lives of countless sixteenth century soldiers: 


INTRODUCTORY 79 


not all the gallants who returned from the continent were 
inglesi ttalianati—diavoli incarnati. 

In Jonson on the one hand and in Beaumont and Fletcher 
on the other, however, we may trace the evidence of a weak- 
ening of this temper. Romance in Beaumont and Fletcher 
is not the earlier Shakespearian romance: it is removed one 
step further from real life: and Jonson’s comedy of humours 
displays before us, not the dignity of happy lives, but all the 
follies and the vices which he may have seen gathering force 
around him. Already with these men a greater cleavage is 
being made between comedy and tragedy: the one growing 
more and more obsessed with lives not tinged by courage 
and nobility, the other moving to realms far distant from 
contemporary England. Shakespeare’s Italy, Denmark and 
Scotland are real to us: his Bohemia, influenced by the later 
romance, as well as Beaumont and Fletcher’s “‘Cicilie” are 
wholly unreal and imaginary. 

By the time of the Restoration this cleavage was complete. 
The audiences were no longer noble in temper, and conse- 
quently the heroic tragedy, removed a further stage from the 
actual, may be regarded as the true child of the enervation 
that had come over England. The age was debilitated: it was 
distinctly unheroic: and yet it was not so cynical as to throw 
over entirely the inculcation of heroism. To present, how- 
ever, heroism in real-life plays would have raised too sharp 
a distinction between what was and what might have been, 
and accordingly in the heroic tragedy heroism is cast out of 
the world altogether and carried to an Eastern or an antique 
realm of exaggerated emotions, mythical and hopelessly ideal. 
The heroic play is like a Tale of a Land of No-where. We 
are interested in that land, but we do not hope ever to enter 
therein. The persons who move and speak there are not our 
equals, nor do they even draw the same breath as we do. 
Drake might have felt more than a little of himself in'Tambur- 
laine, in Othello: Rochester could never dream that he was 
Almanzor or Charles that he was Maximin. The heroic 
tragedy, then, may be regarded as the very symbol of its 
time, with, attached to it, many other subordinate aspects. 


80 TRAGEDY 


Opera was of its kin, and the fanciful adaptations of Shake- 
speare’s plays—everywhere an endeavour to move from the 
ideally real to the hopelessly impossible. It is to be observed, 
also, that this contrast is to be noticed not only between the 
Elizabethan and the Restoration plays, but between the 
English Restoration characters and the persons of the corre- 
sponding plays of the continent. In this connection M. L. 
Charlanne has drawn an interesting parallel between Félix 
and Maximin, and between Bérénice and Pauline. 

Au lieu de ces hommes (he says referring to Felix) vraiment 
hommes, auxquels nous nous assimilons parfois et que nous voudrions 
pouvoir égaler toujours, nous n’avons plus, chez Dryden, que des 
héros sans Gme, chaleur et sans vie, des automates enfin (and of the 
heroines) mi shakespeariennes, ni cornéliennes, raciniennes moins 
encore, ces héroines sont sans intérét, parce que sans passions: leur 
sein est toujours froid, leurs sens sont towjours calmes, et leur ceeur 
toujours maitre de ces émotions....Ce sont des héroines de roman, ce 
ne sont pas des femmes". 


Much as the dramatists might make their heroes and their 
heroines unreal, however, they knew that the audience did 
not desire at the Theatre Royal or at the Duke’s playhouse 
an entirely impossible drama alone. ‘They had inherited from 
the earlier period, not only the heroic romance of Beaumont 
and Fletcher, but the Jonsonian realistic and satiric comedy 
of humours, In comedy, therefore, they demanded a reflex of 
their own gay immoral lives as well as a series of plays full 
of personal satire. The comedy of manners was the answer 
to this demand, faithfully reproducing the upper-class wit, 
licentiousness and social ideals of the time. Almanzor and 
Courtal are the two twin symbols of the age. 

Lampoons flooded the town in the late seventeenth century. 
Men of the court could pen indecent verses even on the King, 
calling him “‘ old Rowley” to his face and describing in grossest 
terms his intercourse with the Duchess of Cleveland and 
Nell Gwyn. There is no lack of evidence that inwardly the 
courtiers and the wits saw the evils of their own time, but 
probably they cared less about the evils than about the follies. 


1 L’influence frangaise en Angleterre au xvit° siécle (Paris, 1906), pp. 464-5. 


INTRODUCTORY 81 


Accordingly any play that satirised a contemporary silliness 
was almost sure of success. T'he would-be wits, the old 
gentleman who professed to admire the days of good Queen 
Bess, the virtuosi, the country bumpkins, all of these were 
ridiculed. Of all that was not fine, elegant and witty the 
gallants made free sport. On the other hand, of any satire 
which attacked themselves or their ways the gallants were 
suspicious. There are few milites gloriosi on the Restoration 
stage, precisely because at least some of the courtiers have 
come down in history with the stain of cowardice on their 
names. Dryden’s Mr Limberham, because it attacked the 
“crying sin of keeping,” was given as cold a reception by the 
audience as possible, in spite of the fun and the wit which 
some modern critics profess to find in it. Smerk in Shadwell’s 
The Lancashire Witches was a satire of the characteristics of 
many Anglican clerics, and was banned the stage. Occa- 
sionally only was burlesque of the gallants permitted :—when 
the burlesque was exclusively personal, and even then the 
nobleman or knight who was thus singled out could take dire 
vengeance!, Shadwell’s The Sullen Lovers owed its contem- 
porary success to its portraits of the Howards, and, as the 
victims themselves did not protest, evidently no one else did. 

Impossible heroics, faithful reflections of upper-class social 
life, satire of everything not associated with their own exist- 
ence or satire of members of their own circle so long as that 
satire was purely personal and not general—such were the 
things demanded by the audience of the Restoration: such 
the tendencies which made up the heroic tragedy and the 
comedy of manners. 


1 Thus Kynaston was beaten for acting in The Heiress ‘“‘in abuse of 
Sedley”’ on Sat. Jan. 30, 1668/9 (see Pepys, Mon. Feb. 1, 1668/9). On 
Thurs. Mar. 4 of the same year, Pepys heard that Buckingham and 
Sir Robert Howard were writing a play to abuse Sir William Coventry, 
who declared he would slit the nose of any actor who offended him (see 
also Sat. Mar. 6). On Nov. 4, 1675, the Lord Chamberlain issued an 
order declaring that Haines should be suspended because he had “with 
ill & scandalous language & insolent carriage abused Sir Edmund Wind- 
ham.” Mrs Slade was suspended similarly on Nov. 25 of the same year 
(P.R.O., L.C. 5/141, pp. 287 and 294). 


NRD 6 


82 TRAGEDY 


II. Elizabethan and Foreign Influences 


Although the spirit of the age does not explain everything, 
it explains a good deal, so that when we turn to the actual 
tragedies produced we find that it is the age rather than 
anything else which interprets these works to us. We must 
never, on-the-other-hand, forget the influence of past literary 
models, or the influence of foreign plays upon the cosmo- 
politan courtiers of Charles. ) We may say, indeed, that the 
heroic play as well as the comedy of manners is to be ex- 
plained by a three-fold formula—Elizabethan substratum, 
the spirit of the age and foreign influence.) 

\The heroic tragedy, as-we_have-seen, owed its popularity 
to the debilitated atmosphere of the time, debilitated yet not 
so degenerate as to deny heroism altogether. (At the same 
time, this heroic tragedy could never have come into being 
at all unless there had been some previous foundation for it, 
and it could not have taken the shape it did, had it not been 
for the influence of continental dramatists. Popularity is 
explained by one, groundwork by another, actual form and 
aes by another. ) 

. When the theatres opened in 1660, they were naturally 
eunetee by plays taken from the repertoire of the pre- 
commonwealth playhouses.) By the King’s company from 
the commencement of their acting at the Red Bull to May 
1663, the date of their removal to the Theatre Royal in 
Bridges Street, we find revived three tragedies of Shake- 
speare!, Jonson’s two?, five of Beaumont and Fletcher?, three 
of Shirley*, as well as Middleton’s Widow, Glapthorne’s 
Argalus and Parthenia, Webster’s Vittoria Corombona, Mas- 
singer’s The Virgin Martyr and The Renegade, Suckling’s 
Brenoralt and Aglaura, The Merry Devil of Edmonton, 
Rowley’s All’s Lost by Lust and Chapman’s Bussy D’ Ambois. 
By the Duke’s actors before the opening of the Lincoln’s 

1 Othello, Fulius Caesar, Titus Andronicus. 

2 Catiline and Sejanus. 

3 Maid’s Tragedy, A King and No King, Rollo, Philaster and The Loyal 


Subject. I include here serious tragi-comedies. 
* The Example, The Cardinal and The Traitor. 


ELIZABETHAN INFLUENCES 83 


Inn Fields playhouse in June 1661 were revived Beaumont 
and Fletcher’s The Loyal Subject and Wife for a Month, 
Heywood’s The Queen’s Masque, Middleton’s Changeling, 
Massinger’s The Bondman, D’Avenant’s The Unfortunate 
Lovers, and Shakespeare’s Pericles. Later, from June 1661 
to May 1665,\the same company produced Hamlet, Romeo, 
Henry VIII, King Lear, Macbeth, D’Avenant’s The Siege of 
~ Rhodes, Love and Honour, The Rivals and The Unfortunate 
Lovers, Webster’s The Duchess of Malfi, and Massinger’s 
Bondman. Among these, omitting The Siege of Rhodes, therey_ 
were represented several strains of Elizabethan tragic in- 
vention—the Shakespearian tragedy of outstanding types, the 
romantic tragi-comedy of Beaumont and Fletcher, with as 
a variety of that the similar plays of D’Avenant, the blood and 
horror tragedies of Webster, and the plays of classic restraint 
represented in Jonson’s couple of Roman dramas) (Of these 
the last was to exercise but little influence on drama until 
many years had passed, but the others deeply affected the 
English heroic plays for the following two decades. {The 
influence of Marlowe indirectly through those who imitated 
his domineering types is to be noted in the tragedy of heroics, 
and above all there is to be observed the prevailing example 
of Beaumont and Fletcher.)In Beaumont and Fletcher romance 
was given a new turn, and their romance was popular on the 
stage right up to the closing of the theatres.) It gave birth to 
D’Avenant’s Love and Honour, to Habington’s The Queen of 
Arragon and to Cartwright’s The Lady-Errant, and stepped 
over the chasm of the Commonwealth into the reign of 
Charles. From the brief list given above it is evident that 
Beaumont and Fletcher were exceedingly popular in the first 
years of the Restoration. Dryden informs us that their plays 
were acted much more frequently than those of any other 
author!. The courtiers of 1660 might look back with a certain 
contempt upon their ancestors, the Cavaliers of the earlier 
Caroline period, but they felt nevertheless an affinity of 


1 Essay of Dramatick Poesie. See Genest, v1. 39-62; he computes that 
in 1668 two plays of Fletcher were acted to one of Shakespeare: in 1710 
the proportion was about even; by the beginning of the nineteenth century 
barely two of Fletcher’s plays were on the acting list. 


6-2 


84 TRAGEDY 


temper with them. They enjoyed what those forefathers of 
theirs had enjoyed: the romance that they sought was only a 
development of the romance that had already appeared on 
the stages of the earlier theatres. The impossible platonic 
love, the conflict of passion and honour, the distant scenes of 
countries unknown or idealised, all these Beaumont and 
Fletcher handed on to their successors, D’Avenant, Dryden 
and Orrery. 

Beaumont and Fletcher, however, were not the sole native 
fathers of the tragic endeavour of 1664-77. The hero of 
the Restoration tragedy is not the hero of the pure tragedies 
or tragi-comedies of romance: he moves in a world of greater 
grandeur, where bombast and rant take the place of clearer 
and more subdued poetic expression. This heightened atmo- 
sphere, this rant, this bombast and this egotism, may well 
have been fostered by that other Elizabethan strain which 
took its rise in Marlowe’s Tamburlaine. ‘That play, certainly, 
in the time of the Restoration, seems to have been forgotten, 
an ‘“‘old Cockpit piece” as it was called!, but Marlowe’s 
influence is imprinted on a great deal of the later Elizabethan 
productivity. Shakespeare’s heroes, to a Restoration audience, 
may well have appeared to possess some of that grandeur 
they craved for. Granville, indeed, in the preface to his 
The Heroick Love (L.1.F. 1697) lets us know that he con- 
sidered the Moor of Venice as a “‘Hero” in the Restoration 
sense of that word. Coriolanus and Lear may well have 
been the prototypes of Almanzor and Cambyses. Among the 
Shakespearian revivals noted above we observe Macbeth, 
Lear, Henry VIII, Othello, all possibly contributing to this 
strain, besides Pericles, in the romantic manner of Beaumont 
and Fletcher, and Titus Andronicus. Titus Andronicus reminds 
us of the third current of Elizabethan tragic example, that 
represented in the revivals mainly by Webster’s two dramas. 
The tragedy of blood cannot be here left out of account. It 
did not die with Ford, but contributed not a little to the 
make-up of the heroic species. 

Continental and classic influence but served to emphasise 


1 Saunders’ Tamerlane the Great (D.L. 1681), preface. 


ELIZABETHAN INFLUENCES 85 


one or other of these strains. Seneca was taken over by 
Dryden and Lee for their Oedipus, King of Thebes (D.G. 
1679): Thyestes found a translator in John Wright (1674) and 
was utilised by Crowne for a Thyestes in 1681: the Troades was 
translated, possibly by Samuel Pordage, in 1660, and by 
J.T. in 1686. The atmosphere of blood and horror here, 
and the ghosts, which duly appeared in Restoration plays in 
unlimited numbers, cannot be disentangled from Elizabethan 
convention( Italian melodramma contributed to the unreality 
of the themes and to the development of operatic features. 
D’Avenant owed the inspiration of his Commonwealth proz 
ductions indirectly at least to Italy, and-although-the-intro- 
duction of ““Heroique Story in“Stilo Recitativo1” (was not to 
be followed out until the eighteenth century, the influence 
of the Italian music and of the Italian operatic art was felt 
in England during the latter years of the seventeenth century, 
not only in dramatic operas but in regular tragedies as well. 
Only one of Purcell’s pieces, certainly, is in recitative?, but 
The Siege of Rhodes was sung even when Evelyn heard it on 
May 5, 1659. Recitative music was introduced by Bannister 
into Stapylton’s The Slighted Maid (L.1.F. 1663) and Ariane, 
produced in French in 1673/4, was called by Evelyn an 
Italian opera in music®. Italian singers, also, as has been 
noted above, were arriving year by year to teach English 
audiences something of continental charm long before the 
appearance of “‘Seignior Rampony” and “Don Segismondo 
Fideli.” Pepys informs us that ‘‘the Italian Signor Batista 
(Draghi)” had “proposed a Play in Italian for the Opera, 
which T. Killigrew do intend to have up*,” while a few 
months later, on Oct. 12, 1668, at the Theatre Royal, we find 
the diaryist in raptures over “‘the Eunuch who, it seems, is 
a Frenchman, but long bred in Italy®.” Italian singers, 

1 The Play-House to be Lett (L.1.F. c. 1663). 

2 Dido and Aeneas (1689), the libretto by Nahum Tate. 

3 If, as I believe, Evelyn refers to a rehearsal of this opera. See my 
article in The Times Literary Supplement, Sept. 21, 1922, and an article 
by W. J. Lawrence in The Musical Quarterly, April 1923. 


4 Feb. 12, 1666/7. ; he 
5 See also Oct. 14, when this “Eunuch” appeared in The Faithful 


Shepherdess. 


86 TRAGEDY 


Italian music, Italian scenery and the plots of Italian melo- 
dramma also took a part in the development of Restoration 
tragic endeavour. 

Naturally, however, of all outside influences on the English 
theatre of this time, that of France is most important, not 
only because France was in more constant touch with England, 
but because of the greater ease in obtaining copies of French 
books. The heroic romance had long been popularin London: 
its influence can be traced back to the first years of the 
century) and about 1654 we find Dorothy Osborne even more 
enthusiastic about it than her elder sisters had been. English 
imitations and translations are numerous in the middle of 
the seventeenth century: Roger Boyle himself, no doubt 
during one of his enforced retirements through gout, found 
time to write a Parthenissa in several books. (The influence 
on the drama here was all in the direction of the Beaumont 
and Fletcher romantic atmosphere. If not definitely pastoral 
in tone, the French romance always lived in unreal worlds. 
Its tone is high: love and honour play a great part in it: 
intrigue is not absent: the heroes are drawn on the grand 
scale even if they possess some of those qualities which to 
us of to-day appear fier To these romances went 
many dramatists in search of plot or of character. Dryden 
rifled Le Grand Cyrus (ix, 3) for Florimel, Celadon, Orinda 
and Sabina in Secret Love (‘T.R. in B.St. 1667)? and utilised 
it again, along with Calprenéde’s Cléopdtre, for The Conquest 
of Granada ('T.R. in B.St. 1670). The same romances proved 
happy hunting grounds for other playwrights besides Dryden. 
Banks’ Cyrus the Great (L.1.F. 1695) and Settle’s [brahim 
(D.G. 1676) openly confess their indebtedness: Mrs Behn 
covered up a trifle her obligation to Cléopdtre in The Young 
King (D.G. 1679) just as Lee did in Gloriana (D.L. 1676). 
Lee is as symptomatic a figure in this connection as any. 
Lucius Junius Brutus (D.G. 1680) owes a good deal to Clélie, 
The Princess of Cleve (D.G. c. 1681) to La Princesse de Cléves, 


YES 1911), pp. 365 ff. and Charlanne, op. cit. pp. 387-404. 


1 Consult Upham, The French Influence in English Literature (New 
= Ey ‘he took also from Ibrahim aad ‘Durfée’s ée. 


ELIZABETHAN INFLUENCES 87 


Theodosius (D.G. 1680) to Pharamound, The Rival Queens 
(D.L. 1677) to Cassandre. The last-mentioned novel pro- 
vided Banks with material for The Rival Kings (D.L. 1677) 
and Cooke with the main plot of his Love’s Triumph (unacted? 
1678). We can never forget that D’Avenant, Dryden and 
Orrery, the three founders of the heroic tragedy, all went to 
this French romance for their plots, and that Lee, one of 
the most outstanding heroic writers of the later years, has 
scene after scene based on the fictional tales that formed the 
main reading of at least one large section of the audience. 
French influence was not confined to the romance. The 
plays of the heroic school also affected deeply the structure 
of the English drama. Again the influence was not entirely 
a novel thing. | Even if we omit Le Trompeur Puni of Scudéry 
and the Alcmedon of Du Ryer, acted in French in London 
during the year 1635, we may not dismiss the translation of 
Le Cid by Joseph Rutter in 1637, a translation undertaken 
practically contemporaneously with the appearance of the 
original work in F rance. ( It is probable, however, that the 
direct influence of French drama was very considerably 
strengthened after 1660, when the English courtiers had had 
an opportunity, during their exile, of seeing the Parisian 
theatre, and when newer masterpieces were yearly being 
produced on the continent.) Pierre Corneille, at the Restora- 
tion, was fifty-four years of age, destined to live another 
twenty-four, but Racine was only twenty-one, and was not 
to write his best work for several years to come. Corneille, 
in the midst of a tangle of Spanish example, native talent 
and classic restraint, had only been seeking the light: it was 
Racine who definitely established the heroic atmosphere on 
the French stage. His first play, La Thébaide, did not appear 
till 1664: his first great success came not until the following 
year with Alexandre le Grand. The French opera, which was 
to run a course alongside of the Racinised tragedy, was not 
developed till 1669. Only on Dec. 14 or 24, 1645, was the 
first Italian opera performed in France1. The primal native 


1 Menestrier, Des représentations en musique anciennes et modernes 
(Paris, 1681). 


88 TRAGEDY 


French opera, Achébar, roi de Mogol, made its appearance in 
February 1646, but it was fully nine years after the Restora- 
tion that Cambert’s friend, the ‘‘abbé”’ Perrin, secured per- 
mission to establish ‘“‘par tout le royaume des académies 
@’opéra...sur le pied de celles d’Italie.” The Académie Royale 
de Musique was founded by Lulli three years later}. 

( It is evident that the French drama might influence the 
English plays in four distinct ways: first, towards a chastened 
pseudo-classicism, second, towards an intensification of love 
and honour themes, third, towards the further development 
of operatic elements, and fourth, towards the dialogue in 
rime.) All these things, as we have seen, were already in 
native English example, and whatever influence we impute 
in this direction to French drama, we must remember that 
many Englishmen were severely critical in their attitude 
towards France. Even in 1663 D’Avenant could pick many 
faults in Parisian tragedy: 


The French convey their Arguments too much 
In Dialogue: their Speeches are too long. 

Such length of Speeches seem not so unpleasing 
As the Contracted Walks of their Designs?, 


while Dryden, professing admiration for French masterpieces, 
could remain, all his life, duly critical of those things in 
which, he deemed, the English theatre was the superior. 
Dryden, indeed, is fairly typical of his age, preserving a stout 
patriotic front to the foreigner, yet recognising, not only the 
“‘modishness” of the French tragedy, but also some of its 
undoubted excellences. 

The assimilation and popularisation of this French serious 
drama was accomplished in two separate ways—by direct 
translation and by adaptation on the usual Restoration lines. 
The first was to aid in establishing the rimed couplet as the 
chief tragic medium for fourteen years, the other was merely 
to intensify the elements already taken over by the Restora- 
tion from Beaumont and Fletcher and Scudéry. Rimed 


1 Elistoire de l’académie royale de musique, depuis son établissement 
jusqu’a 1709 (1709). 
2 The Play-House to be Lett, Act 1. 


ELIZABETHAN INFLUENCES 89 


renderings of the Pompée of Pierre Corneille appeared in the 
early years of the period, one by Mrs Catherine Phillips 
(Smock Alley, Dublin, 1663) and another by Waller, Buck- 
hurst and Sedley (L.I.F. 1664). Héraclius was Englished in 
a similar manner by Carlell (printed 1664) and by an anony- 
mous writer (L.I.F. 1664): Dauncer issued his version of 
Nicoméde in 16711. All of these, and particularly those first 
mentioned, must have exercised a marked influence on the 
development of English drama, although, in their unadapted 
form, they were too chill to be popular on the stage. Quinault, 
possibly, was nearer the English temper than Corneille. La 
Généreuse Ingratitude (1657) had given name and plot to 
Lower’s The Noble Ingratitude of 1659, and its central theme 
was utilised by Corye for The Generous Enemies, or, The 
Ridiculous Lovers in 1671. Agrippa, roi d’ Albe (1660) was freely 
adapted by Dauncer in his Agrippa, King of Alba, or, The 
False Tiberinus (Theatre Royal, Dublin, 1674?) and later 
Gildon’s Phaeton (D.L. 1698) was taken directly from the 
similarly named French opera of 1683. Racine belongs rather 
to the later period of pseudo-classic tragedy, but we may 
note here in passing the translation of Andromaque (1667) 
published by Crowne in 1675, and the rendering of Bérénice 
(1671) by Otway in 1677. 

The fact is that this French tragedy of the reign of 
Louis XIV, the melodrama of Italy, the heroic play of 
England, and the French romance, were but so many aspects 
of a general ebb-tide movement passing over Europe at the 
close of the great inrush of Renascence enthusiasm: and 
while we cannot often disentangle the separate threads of 
influence, we shall not be far wrong in saying that the English 
representative of this universal movement is the result mainly 
of a development of already existing English elements altered 
to suit the temper of the age, modified a trifle by the example 
of the Italian theatres and by a recognition of the greatness 
and of the cultured spirit of French rimed tragedy. 


1 See Mulert, A., Pierre Corneille auf der englischen Biihne (Miinchen, 
1899). Nicoméde was acted at the Theatre Royal, Dublin. 


90 TRAGEDY 


III. The Rimed Heroic Tragedy: 1664-1677 


‘The chief channel through which these streams of in- 
fluence descended to the Restoration period was undoubtedly 
D’Avenant, although Roger Boyle may be esteemed the first 
to give the heroic play its definite form, and Howard and 
Dryden may be recognised as the popularisers of the 


“Species. / 


Before passing to an analysis of what these men did for 
the particular kind, it may not be unfitting to distinguish 
here the mere use of rime in plays from the heroic tragedy 
itself. In spite of the testimony to the contrary by the only 
writer of a monograph on the subject!, rimed couplets do not 
mark out plays as being heroic. At-we-can-say_is that, when 
the heroic type was being evolved, rime came to be utilised for 
tragic purposes. From 1660 to 1670 there were written about 
eighteen new plays in this measure, from 1670 to 1680 no 
less than twenty-four. Only one appeared in the following 
decade, although there was a slight reaction in their favour 
from 1690 to 1700 and even later—four appearing previous 
to the opening of the century and some half-a-dozen subse- 
sues) However, as Dryden noted in his dedication of 
The Rival Ladies (‘T.R. in B.St. 1664) to the Earl of Orrery, 
the employment of couplets in tragedies was “‘not so much a 
new Way amongst us, as anold Way new Reviv’d.” It had been 
known in Elizabethan times: it was carried on spasmodically 
through the earlier part of the seventeenth century, and on 
into the Commonwealth period. Waller and Denham had 
rendered the couplet more precise and classic in its non- 
dramatic use, until it came to D’Avenant ‘‘who at once 
brought it upon the Stage, and made it perfect, in the Siege 
of Rhodes.” Meanwhile, it had received a fresh impetus from 
the rimed translations of French tragedies mentioned above, 

1 Chase, L. N., The English Heroic Play (London, 1903). 

Orrery’s Aliemira of 1702 is The General, acted in 1664: an unacted 
King Saul was published in 1703; in 1705 was issued a miserable tragedy 
by Alexander Fyfe, The Royal Martyr, K. Charles I. The last of the type 


was probably The Batile of Aughrim, or, The Fall of Monsieur St Ruth 
(Dublin, 1728), by Robert Ashton. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY gI 


and evidently the French model, praised by the king, im- 
pelled Orrery to write his dramas in the same measure. The 
couplet developed into a thing “‘d Ja mode,” was adopted by 
Dryden, and eventually formed a passport to tragic success 
on the stage. Because these rimed couplets, however, syn- 
chronised with Dryden’s rants and with Settle’s heroics, it 
is rather uncritical for us to mingle and confuse a distinct 
school of plot and of character with a certain technical form 
that had its ramifications far outside that school. There are 
plays in couplets which are not by any means heroic!?: there 
are plays in blank verse which partake of the nature of the 
Drawcansir school*.( Rime in tragedy was but a passing, 
external fashion in dramatic technique, which synchronised 
very largely with the main heroic period, but which had an 
influence slight when compared with the influence of the 
other characteristics of the heroic plays) Heroic verse in 
drama is really of very little account, historically or otherwise: 
the heroic play, although in its pure form ephemeral, is one 


1 Apart from the adaptations of Corneille mentioned above, there are 
comedies wholly or partly in rime, such as Duffett’s The Spanish Rogue 
(King’s company at L.I.F. 1673) and Bulteel’s Amorous Orontus, or, The 
Lovein Fashion (unacted 1665) ; there are tragi-comedies, such as Etherege’s 
The Comical Revenge (L.1.F. 1664), Weston’s The Amazon Queen (un- 
acted 1667), Mrs Behn’s The Forc’d Marriage (L.I.F. 1670), Tuke’s 
The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) and Crowne’s Juliana (L.I.F. 
1671); there are pastorals, such as Settle’s Pastor Fido (D.G. 1676) and 
the anonymous The Constant Nymph (D.G. 1677); and there are unheroic 
tragedies, such as Fane’s The Sacrifice (unacted, 1686) and Stapylton’s 
Hero and Leander (unacted, 1669); not to mention unclassifiable plays, 
such as Ecclestone’s Noah’s Flood (unacted, 1679) and the anonymous 
The Traitor to Himself (unacted, 1678). 

2 Among these may be named Mrs Behn’s Abdelazar (D.G. 1676), 
which came just at the end of the riming fever. Settle in his Pastor Fido 
(D.G. c. Dec. 1676) and Ravenscroft in his King Edgar and Alfreda (D.L. 
c. Dec. 1677) both testify to its abatement at that time, prior, be it noted, 
to Dryden’s recantation, who, in this case, followed the tendency of the 
time, instead of leading it (although, of course, Dryden had hinted at his 
weariness in Aureng-Zebe, which was produced at D.L. in Nov. 1675). 
Heroic plays, however, did not die with rime, as many produced from 
1680 onwards can testify. Note many be taken in particular of the anony- 
- mous Romulus and Hersilia (D.G. 1682), Southerne’s The Loyal Brother 
(D.L. 1682), and Settle’s The Heir of Morocco (D.L. 1682), Distress’d 
Innocence (D.L. 1690) and The Ambitious Slave (D.L. 1694). There was 
a perfect galaxy of blank verse tragedies in the eighteenth century with 
most decided heroic characteristics. 


92 TRAGEDY 


of the most interesting and influential productions of our 
theatre. 

On the more general question of the rise of the heroic 
sentiment in the drama!, Dryden, in his Essay of Heroick 
Playes prefixed to The Conquest of Granada (T.R. in B.St. 
1670), is quite explicit: 

For Heroick Plays (he says) the first Light we had of them on 
the English Theatre, was from the late Sir Wilkam D’ Avenani: 
It being forbidden him in the Rebellious Times to Act Tragedies 
and Comedies...he was fore’d to turn his Thoughts another way; 
and to introduce the Examples of Moral Virtue, writ in Verse, 
and perform’d in Recitative Musick. 'The Original of this Musick 
and of the Scenes which adorn’d this Work, he had from the 
Italian Opera’s: But he heighten’d his Characters...from the 
Example of Corneille and some French Poets....He (then) re- 
view’d his Siege of Rhodes, and caus’d it to be acted as ajust Drama. 
...But as few Men have the Happiness to begin and finish any 
new Project, so neither did he live to make his Design perfect.... 
There wanted the Fulness of a Plot, and the Variety of Characters 
to form it as it ought; and perhaps, something might have been 
added to the Beauty of the Style. 


From this Dryden proceeds to argue that ‘‘an Heroick Play 
ought to be an Imitation (in little) of an Heroick Poem; and 
consequently that Love and Valour ought to be the Subject 
of it.” D’Avenant, in Dryden’s opinion, had not done this: 
he had made his Siege of Rhodes a unity but he had not 
drawn ‘‘all Things as far above ordinary Proportion of the 
Stage, as that is beyond the common Words and Actions of 
Human Life,” “‘he comply’d not enough with the Greatness 
and Majesty of an Heroick Poem.” His attempt was rather 
“to show us ourselves in our ordinary Habits” than present 
an exalted picture of extraordinary nobility. For Dryden, 
on the contrary, ‘‘an Heroick Poet is not ty’d to a bare 
Representation of what is true, or exceeding probable”: he 


1 Practically the only essay on this aspect of the subject is that of 
Child, C. G., entitled The Rise of the Heroic Play (Mod. Lang. Notes, 
xix. June 6, 1904). In this study he lays great stress, and justly, on 
D’Avenant as the founder of the species in England. Professor Saints- 
bury’s remarks in his Dryden (E.M.L. Series) are also illuminating, al- 
though a trifle vague and unsubstantiated. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 93 


may, indeed ought, to “let himself loose to visionary Ob- 
jects.” 

The rest of Dryden’s discourse is equally valuable. He 
defends the “frequent use of Drums and Trumpets, and the 
Representations of Battles” by an appeal to Shakespeare. 
He affirms Almanzor to be modelled on Achilles, Rinaldo and 
Artéban of Calprenéde, but professes to love the first two 
rather more than the last. He casts over the punctilious 
honour of the French, trusting to magnanimous passion. He 
defends Almanzor’s words to sovereign powers and to the 
gods by the example of Achilles and Rinaldo, even of Jonson’s 
Cethegus. 

From all of this several definite facts can be gleaned. 
D’Avenant is recognised as the first introducer of heroic 
motives. Dryden has observed his imitation of the Italian 
opera, his imitation of Corneille: he might have added that 
he was certainly one of the first to go for plot to the contem- 
porary romance of Mdlle de Scudéry, and that in his Love 
and Honour he carried on the native romance tradition, re- 
moving it a step further towards the heroic ideal. On the 
other hand, several things are noted as lacking in D’Avenant’s 
work: (1) fulness of plot; (2) variety of characters; (3) extra- 
ordinary incidents (magic and such like); and (4) almost 
supernatural nobility of characters. If we turn to The Siege 
of Rhodes, we can see exactly what Dryden felt was wanting?. 
The scene is all right—a nebulous Rhodes. There is a hero 
Alphonso and a heroine Janthe, divided from one another: 
but, in spite of heroic self-sacrifice on the part of Christians 
and of pagans alike, there is a softer atmosphere than in any 
of Dryden’s plays. Alphonso is not all-conquering; he is, in 
the first part, wounded, in the second, taken prisoner. 
Soliman is not a villain, but acts as magnanimously as any 
hero. What Dryden wanted was, first, some thrilling super- 


1 The Siege of Rhodes, as printed in 1656 and 1659, was first performed 
in Rutland House probably in Sept. 1656. The preface is dated Aug. 17 
and there is a MS. date in a B.M. copy (E. 498) which looks like Sept. 29. 
Between Dec. 1658 and May 1659 appeared the second part at the 
Cockpit. This was printed in 1663 after revivals in the Restoration 
theatres. 


94 TRAGEDY 


natural incidents, secondly, the presence of some greater 
complication of plot and of emotions, and, thirdly, the 
heightening of the character of the hero. The whole atmo- 
sphere of the play is weak; the characters are shadows; the 
language is not so refined as in the dramas of Dryden. More- 
over, although The Siege of Rhodes is written partly in 
couplets, it is not so regular as the later heroic tragedies. Its 
operatic origin is still seen in the varying measures employed, 
and in the choruses, of which any Restoration lyrist might 
have been contemptuous: 
Then the hug’ous great Turk, 
Came to make us more work; 
With enow men to eat 
All he meant to defeat; 
Whose wonderful worship did confirm us 
In the fear he would bide here 
So long till he Dy’d here, 
By the Castle he build (szc) on Philermus. 
Dryden and the others wanted something more refined than 
this, something decidedly stronger, more arresting and more 
pronounced in utterance. 

In point of fact, Dryden might have found what he was 
seeking for, those more definite “heroic” elements, in a play 
written almost contemporaneously with D’Avenant’s, but, 
because given no performance in the theatres, forgotten by 
the men of the time. This is The Heroick-Lover, or, The 
Infanta of Spain (printed 1661) by a certain George Cart- 
wright, of whom all we know is that he was “of Fullham, 
Gent.” Scened in Poland, this tragedy is almost entirely in 
rime, and beyond an amount of contemporary political re- 
ference not usual in the ordinary heroic tragedy!, it presents 
in the characters and in the language, the germs of the type 
to be more fully developed later. Nonantious is the typical 
magnanimous and loyal lover and friend of the heroic play, 
exactly equivalent to the Acacis of Howard and Dryden. The 
Prince of The Heroick-Lover courts Francina, who is passion- 

1 The part of the plot which deals with the king and the revolt of 


Zorates and Selucious evidently refers to Charles I. It is possible that 
this interesting play was written nearer 1650 than 1660. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 955 


ately adored by Nonantious, and the latter is cast into a 
swirl of conflicting emotions such as we meet with all through 
the course of this dramatic form. 

Do, or not do, criminal ev’ry way. 

Of evils, chuse the lesser of the two. 

They are so equal, I know not which to do. 

My love to fair Francina, bids me not; 

My duty to my Prince, can’t be forgot: 

How both, the ballance hold, so just and true, 

That willing both, I know not which to do!. 


In such a speech is recognisable the sentiment that runs 
through all the tragedies of the next fifteen years. In the end, 
this Nonantious, so magnanimous he is, stabs himself to give 
the Prince freedom to gain his mistress, and his last words 
are the words of a later hero: 

Yet fore I die, here on my bended Knee, 

Do I bequeath Francina, willingly. 

All, all the interest, which I have in her, 

Henceforward I do give, unto you Sir... 

I know she is too poor, a gift for you, 

But I can do not more, then I can do. 

Since that my life to you, is so suspect, 

’Tis fit my Death, shoo’d witness my respect. 

(Stabs himself. 


Francina, somewhat like Orrery’s Queen of Hungary, departs 
into a nunnery, rejecting the proffered crown, which, without 
explanation, is handed to the Princess Flora of Spain, no 
doubt dragged in for political reasons. In politics, too, this 
forgotten author reproduces the thoughts of practically every 
one of his followers. In his play, the Admiral, approached 
by the conspirators, bursts out in true cavalier wrath at their 
proposals: 

Your Doctrine is of Devils; I fear to name 

The words which you have utter’d, without shame, 

That I shoo’d help, for to correct the King, 

Were he the worst, of any living thing! 

Or were his Royal soul, more black then Hell, 

Far be’t in me, such wickedness shoo’d dwell... 


me i aes 2 Iv. iv. 


96 TRAGEDY 


To us, who cannot judge of common things 

Does not belong, the judgement of great Kings. 
They shoo’d be like stars, seated in the sky, 

Far from our reach, though seeming near our eye1, 


Apart from this play, however, and apart from the rimed 
translations of French dramas mentioned above, among which 
Mrs Phillips’s Pompey (Smock Alley, Dublin, 1663) was the 
first, but the Pompey (L.I.F. 1664) written by Waller, 
Buckhurst and Sedley2—perhaps a few others as well—was 
more famous—apart from these, we can number few plays 
which, prior to 1664, presented those elements which Dryden 
desired. He did not want such mere alterations: he wanted 
a native drama of heroic grandeur, different from the French, 
not dependent upon it. 

There is no doubt that Roger Boyle, Earl of Orrery, was 
first on the field. From one of his letters we learn that as 
early as Jan. 23, 1661/2, he was penning a play in heroic 
couplets, as he had heard that the King favoured that type 
of drama. Orrery, however, was not only less popular than 
Dryden, not only belongs to a slightly different school of 
dramatic productivity, but probably got his plays acted a 
trifle later than those of the future poet-laureate. Henry V 
was first performed on Sat. Aug. 13, 1664. That this was his 
primal attempt at actual dramatic representation seems almost 
certain from the fact that Pepys on Wed. Sept. 28 of the same 

= Sennen on Affairs of State...the fifth edition, Corrected and much 


Enlarged (1703), 1. 209—The Session of the Poets, to the Tune of Cock- 
Lawrel: 
“B----tand Sydley, with two or three more, 
Translators of Pompey, dispute in their claim; 
But Apollo made them be turn’d out of door, 
And bid them be gone like Fools as they came.” 


The production, in spite of its contemporary success, is not brilliant; 
as the writer of the epilogue recognises: 

“Tt came from France, where it had good success, 

Which makes us Hope well, though I must confess 

The Mounsieur’s something Altered in his Dress.” 


I have also mentioned above the Heraclius of Lodowick Carlell. Ward 
thought this was lost (111. 554), but the Heraclius that is non-extant is the 
one acted at L.I.F.on Mar. 8, 1664. Genest (1.73) seems to have confused 
the dates. For Carlell, see Gray, C.H., Lodowick Carliell (Chicago, 1905). 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 97 


year speaks of The General as Orrery’s second play1. More 
than six months previously, by Wed. Jan. 27, 1663/4, Howard 
and Dryden’s The Indian Queen had been put upon the stage. 
On the other hand, if Dryden was the first to get his plays 
acted, it must be remembered that Orrery was a person of 
distinction in his day and that his plays in manuscript may 
well have been circulating among the court wits in 1661 and 
1662. His influence can in no ways be disregarded. Dryden 
himself recognises that in his dedication to The Rival Ladies 
(T.R. in B.St. 1664). 

Orrery’s plays are easily divisible into two classes, Henry V 
and The Black Prince (T.R. in B.St. Oct. 1667) standing 
together in contradistinction to The General? (issued later 
as Altemira and acted first in September 1664), Mustapha 
(L.I.F. April 1665), Tryphon (L.I.F. December 1668), Herod 
the Great (printed 1694) and the unpublished Zoroastres pre- 
served in the British Museum in MS. Both groups, certainly, 
have certain things in common. Both are highly spectacular, 
both are more restrained that Dryden’s productions, both 
dwell much with love, both tend to introduce the theme of 
passion opposed to friendship, a theme already noted in 
Cartwright’s The Heroick-Lover, both approach more nearly 
to the French drama than do the more well-known heroic 
plays of the time, both are inclined towards tragi-comical 
conclusions. On the other hand, all of the second group deal 
with unreal romantic worlds: Henry V and The Black Prince 
continue in an altered strain the native chronicle history 
tradition. 

Orrery, then, is to be noted for his important influence 
along certain definite lines: he has taken up the English 
historical heroic tragedy; he has decidedly imitated Corneille 


1 There is some slight doubt about Mustapha, which may have been 
performed in 1663. The evidence adduced up to the present, however, 
that it was acted then, is inconclusive. A student of mine, Mr F. W. Payne, 
suggests with some plausibility that The Black Prince may have been 
earlier than Henry V (unpublished thesis in University of London). Of 
this, however, there is no sure proof. See note at end on Orrery. 

2 The General exists in two MSS., one at Plymouth and the other at 
Worcester College, Oxford. The former was printed by Halliwell- 
Phillipps in the Plymouth Library Catalogue (1853). Formerly this play 
was attributed to Shirley. 


NRD 7 


98 TRAGEDY 


in many a character and scene; he has adopted that inde- 
terminate realm of drama which, in England and abroad, 
hovered between the tragedy and the serious comedy. 
Henry V is not a tragedy: it is rather an heroic history with 
plentiful love scenes and the introduction of a great deal of 
argument on the subject of the conflicting claims of passion 
and friendship. The Black Prince similarly introduces to us 
a mass of antagonistic amatory sentiments, centering around 
a widow heroine with four separate lovers. The eternal clash 
of contrasting emotions is everywhere emphasised: 
Two Ills he offers, one he bids me choose, 
I must my Mistress, or my Father loose?. 
The unnatural scenes, in which Orrery tried to imitate the 
French, are seen here in the long letter the reading of which 
Pepys tells us nearly damned the play”, just as they are ex- 
emplified in another way in The General (Altemira) where 
Mellizer stands through five or six pages while his son is dying 
“for they were notto beinterrupted by aninferiour Actor’.” In 
The General the conflict of Love and Honour is placed mostly 
in the heart of the character whose position gives the title 
to the play. This second drama of Orrery’s is another which 
does not end disastrously. Mustapha is quite evidently de- 
rived from Georges de Scudéry’s L’Illustre Bassa, and again 
presents before us a love drama of tragic proportions which 
in this case ends disastrously. In it the Queen of Hungary 
is introduced in captivity, Zanger and Mustapha both in love 
with her. Through false reports Solyman orders Mustapha 
to be executed, and Zanger, who had sworn that he would 
not live longer than his brother, dutifully commits suicide. 
Roxalana, who had complicated the plot, is divorced and 
the fatal captive queen retires to a nunnery. Naturally the 
emotional battles of the mind are very pronounced. Mustapha 
feels them most badly: 
Fortune did never in one day design 
For any Heart, four Torments great as mine; 


I to my Friend and Brother Rival am. 
She, who did kindle, would put out my Flame; 


2 vir, ay, = Genest, I1. 260. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 99 


I from my Father’s anger must remove, 
And that does banish me from her I love}, 
Heroic follies there are in abundance, the eternal sophistry 
and argument inaptly imitated from the French theatre. 
Thus Zanger: 
Since Nature no Religion knows but Love, 
He that loves most, does most Religious prove2— 
or the same character of the Queen of Hungary in grief: 
When she her Royal Infant did embrace, 
Her Eyes such Floods of Tears show’r’d on her Face, 
That then, oh Mustapha! I did admire 
How so much Water sprang from so much Fire: 
And to increase the Miracle, I found 
At the same time, my Heart both burnt and drown’d3, 
The same follies, the same sophistries, the same conflicts, 
occur in all Orrery’s dramas. In Tryphon, the tyrant who 
gives his name to the piece loves Cleopatra, the beloved of 
Aretus, the unknown real king, and then shifts his affections 
to Stratonice. He bids his servant convey the good news to 
the latter, and remarks that 
While Siratonice you to my Throne invite, 
To Cleopatra my Excuse I’le write. 
Stratonice, however, happens to be the beloved of Demetrius, 
his friend, and at the conclusion Tryphon and his tool Arcas 
commit suicide, leaving the good characters toa happy ending. 
The conflict here appears in the breasts of several dramatis 
personae. In Act Iv Aretus is in the throes of it: 
**O Love, O Friendship, and O Fatal Vow!” he cries, 
“To which shall I pay my Obedience now?” 
Love is just as mysterious and wonderful a thing as in the 
other plays. Demetrius comes to adore Stratonice and 
Aretus upbraids him: 
Was’t fit this Love from me conceal’d shou’d be? 
to which Demetrius’ answer is straight and to the point: 
Alas ’twas till last night unknown to me. 
1 qr. i. A comparison of these sentiments with those of The Heroick 
Lover almost induces one te believe that Orrery had seen that drama. 
Piated. * ii. 
7-2 


100 TRAGEDY 


The follies of the Orrerian drama must have been evident 
to all. Above has been noticed the disgust of the audience 
at some of the unnatural scenes, and Sedley’s satiric remarks, 
chronicled faithfully by Pepys, have enabled us to identify 
The General as the later Altemira!. On the other hand, 
Orrery’s plays have a strength that D’Avenant’s lack. Their 
refined language, their verse skill, their outstanding char- 
acters, this conflict, which, crude as it may be, is interesting 
and appealing—all must have been noticed by Dryden when 
searching for a model. Dryden, however, was no man to 
write dramas that would bore an audience. He was writing 
for money, and his heroic tragedies, marking a distinct type 
of their own, are at once more stirring, more impossible, 
more bombastic, and more popular in tone than any which 
had gone before. The spectators could but laugh at some of 
Orrery’s sentences, they could but hiss at some chill Gallicised 
scene, they could but be thrilled at Maximin’s notorious 
vaunt to the gods. In analysing the Dryden species, therefore, 
we find that he has introduced a larger, fuller, more intricate 
plot, characters rather more varied and all very much more 
exaggerated in tone, numerous scenes of strife and battle and 
murder, a touch of cynicism in the songs and occasionally in 
the dialogue—an atmosphere, that is to say, rather more 
“heroic” in the Restoration sense of the word than romantic. 
The author of The Conquest of Granada is not wrong in 
saying that he made his hero approach more nearly to 
Rinaldo than to Artéban. 

From the first to the last Dryden followed this plan. The 
Indian Queen, staged at the T.R. in B.St. in Jan. 1663/4, 
shows it no less clearly than his latest plays. It is impossible 
now, perhaps, to disentangle in this first play the scenes 
written respectively by Sir Robert Howard and by Dryden, 
but the tragedy as a whole approaches so closely in temper 
and in plan Dryden’s after works that we may presume the 
general outline and at least a fair proportion of the dialogue 
to have been by him?. The heroic figure here is Montezuma, 


1 Wed. Sept. 28, 1664. 
* Scott attributed the Montezuma and Zempoalla scenes, along with that 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY IOI 


general of the Inca’s forces. We are introduced to him just 
when he has defeated the Mexicans. Flushed with victory, 
he has asked for the hand of the Inca’s daughter, Orazia (the 
heroic heroine), whom he, with true ardour, loves to despera- 
tion. He is refused, and the insult stings his mighty soul to 
madness, He offers to free Acacis (the heroic magnanimous 
rival), the Prince of the Mexicans whom he has taken prisoner, 
but who, full of honourable thoughts, rejects the proffered 
freedom!. Montezuma then joins the Mexican forces, and, 
by his prowess alone, defeats his erstwhile inconquerable 
army and takes prisoner both the Inca and Orazia. Here, 
however, his troubles are only to begin. Zempoalla (the 
vengeful woman-type) the usurping Queen of Mexico, falls 
in love with him, while Traxalla (the heroic villain) her 
former general and suitor to her hand, does the same with 
Orazia, who has also honourably smitten the heart of Acacis. 
From all this intricate mélée of emotions ensue various scenes 
of love, honour, virtue and vice, interrupted by the entrance 
of the forces of the rightful queen, Amexia, who turns out 
to be Montezuma’s mother. The hero therefore is now noble 
enough by birth to marry Orazia—which he promptly does. 
To clear the air of his sorrowful presence, the unhappy Acacis 
commits suicide, as does Zempoalla for shame, while Traxalla, 
the only other inconvenient character left, is slain by Monte- 
zuma, so that in very truth, as Dryden himself noted when 
he was writing his sequel The Indian Emperour, there re- 
mained ‘‘but two of the considerable Characters alive?.” 
Noticeable, however, is the fact, that, as in Orrery’s plays, 
it is only the evil and weaker characters who are thus sum- 
marily despatched, the play ending happily for the magnani- 
mous Montezuma and the divine Orazia. 

On this plan or a plan similar to this were based nearly 


of the incantation, to Dryden (The Dramatic Works of fohn Dryden, 
ed. Scott, W. and Saintsbury, G., Edinburgh, 1882, 11. 225). 

1 It is noticeable, particularly in the Dryden type of drama, that honour 
hardly enters into the actions of the hero, but sways the lives of the lesser 
characters. , 

2 Connection of the Indian Emperor to the Indian Queen, dispersed 
among the audience in 1665. 


102 TRAGEDY 


all Dryden’s later heroic plays, and the stock characters, so 
pronounced here, appear again and again, disguised as best 
the author might determine, but quite recognisable. Of the 
manner in which these characters are presented, not much 
need be said. Dryden took over enough from Orrery to make 
his psychological delineations of the same crude yet forceful 
type. When one hears Montezuma lament: 


Oh Tyrant Love, how cruel are thy Laws! 
I forfeit Friendship, or betray thy Cause’, 
or cry: 
Thou hast perform’d what Honour bid thee do; 
But Friendship bars what Honour prompts me to, 


one recognises the voice of the Black Prince or of Aretus. 
When one listens to the monologue of Zempoalla: 


Whence shou’d proceed this strange Diversity 

In my Resolves?...... 

Does he command in Chains? What wou’d he do 
Proud Slave, if he were free, and I were so? 

But is he bound, ye Gods, or am I free? 

Tis Love, ’tis Love, that thus disorders me, 


one hears the authentic voices of those who, in the other 
dramas, had felt a similar torment in their hearts. Here are 
the same drivelling, unreal, passionless theorisings of un- 
imagined types and spurious emotions, yet types and emo- 
tions, which, as Dryden knew, were bound to appeal to his 
age. Pepys had found the street ‘‘full of coaches” for The 
Indian Queen on Jan. 27, 1663/4 and heard it was ‘‘a fine 
thing.” When he saw it on Feb. 1, he thought it ‘‘a most 
pleasant show, and beyond my expectation.” 

Its success, no doubt, as well as the rich scenery which the 
actors had caused to be painted, led Dryden to write the 
sequel of The Indian Emperour, printed in 1667, but acted 
at the T.R. in B.St. about April 1665. This play marks no 
material advance in the development of the species. Not 
superior in poetic power, more involved in plot, wholly im- 
possible in its heroic magnanimity and its passionless, un- 
psychological love and hate, it is rendered more popular by 


LD Rata 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 103 


a number of scenes of stress and struggle, glutting to the full 
this new taste in the audience for spectacle and for show. 
There are magic caves, and temples, and prisons—there are 
visions and the loud thundering of cannon—everything, in 
fact, that might make the play more of a popular success on 
the stage. 

In Tyrannick Love, or, The Royal Martyr (T.R. in B.St. 
c. April 1669) there is, however, a slight change. All the 
elements of the earlier plays are retained here. There are the 
same rich scenes, the introduction of the supernatural in the 
astral spirits, the same criss-cross affections, and many of 
the same types. Maximin is the villain emperor, modelled 
apparently on the Valentinians of the Jacobean period, with 
a lust towards S. Catherine, who might be compared with 
Dorothea of The Virgin Martyr, which, it may be noted, was 
evidently a fairly popular play in the repertoire of the King’s 
comedians?. There is nomagnanimous hero, but Porphyrius, 
Maximin’s general, is the sympathetic character of the piece, 
loving Berenice, Maximin’s wife, and beloved by Valeria, 
who is in turn adored by Placidius. Again there is a general 
carnage at the close which leaves Berenice and Porphyrius 
to carry on. In Tyrannick Love, however, one new thing, 
just hinted at in the former plays, is emphasised. It is here 
that there occur for the first time those notorious rants which 
were to become such an outstanding characteristic of the 
heroic drama of the years 1670 to 1677. The Maximin to the 
gods passage does not appear till near the close of the fifth 
act, but countless others come down to the same standard of 
idiotic, inflated and grandiloquent nonsense. In the very 
first act Maximin shows his character. A messenger an- 
nounces a misfortune to his son, whereupon this giant super- 
man bursts out with tumid rhetoric: 

Some God now, if he dares, relate what’s past; 

Say but he’s dead, that God shall mortal be. 
Nor, even in his last words, after he has stabbed Placidius, 
does he sink to a humbler strain: 


1 The Virgin Martyr was first acted on Sat. Feb. 16, 1661. It was 
played again on Thurs. Feb. 27, 1667/8, Mon. March 2, Th. March 19 
and Wed. May 6, 1668. This last production was about a year before 
the appearance of Dryden’s play. 


104 TRAGEDY 


And after thee I’ll go, 
Revenging still, and following ev’n to the other world my blow. 
[Stabs him again. 


And shoving back this Earth on which I sit, 
1’ll mount, and scatter all the Gods I hit. 
Reading such passages now, one can hardly restrain one’s 
risibility, but Dryden was sufficiently a man of the time to 
realise that such rants were precisely the things the audience 
wanted, something exaggerated to force their attention and 
to raise the whole above the levels of ordinary life. 

The Conquest of Granada by the Spaniards} (‘T.R. in B.St. 
c. December 1670) is decidedly a much finer piece of work, 
our sympathies being actually seized—as they are seized by 
so few of the heroic tragedies—for the unfortunate loves of 
the gallant hero and the loveable heroine. The poetry of this 
play is beautiful, nor can we gain an idea of Dryden’s true 
worth until we compare such a play as this with one of a 
writer like Crowne. Romance for dulness, poetry for mere 
verse, interest, if peculiar, for flatulent bombast—this is what 
we find: and, even if the play is poetically unreal, it does 
take us to a world that even our sophisticated minds may 
delight to dwell in for “‘a dream while or so.” The Conquest 
of Granada is prefaced by the famous Essay of Heroique Plays 
and contains the no less famous epilogue on the poets of the 
past age, as well as the Defence of the Epilogue. Altogether, 
it and the critical matter which accompanies it, may be taken 
as a grand vindication of this particular species. Here we 
can see the magnanimous character of the hero, who sets his 
vanquished enemies free: 

But, since thou threaten’st us, I’ll set thee free, 
That I again may fight, and conquer thee— 


the frail yet doughty heroine, the half-foolish, half-villainous 
King Boabdelin, the evil woman character, Lyndaraxa, the 
villain Zulema. As with the other dramas, this tragedy ends 
with a universal massacre of the evil characters and the re- 
tention of the pair of lovers, Almanzor and Almahide. Again 


The head title and the title to Part II read Almanzor and Almahide: 
or, the Conquest of Granada. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 105 


we get the ridiculous rants and the cynical songs. Again the 
continual atmosphere of war, forming a lurid setting for a 
plot that is full of exaggerated love and passion. 

Dryden’s last rimed tragedy followed at Drury Lane about 
November 1675. Aureng-Zebe! is his final word in the 
typical form of this drama, although he was to continue 
utilising heroic incidents until his death. Once more the 
characters are familiar—the noble and valorous Aureng-Zebe, 
son to the Emperor, loving the equally noble Indamora, 
a captive queen like the Queen of Hungary in Orrery’s 
Mustapha, the foolish emperor and his evil consort, Nor- 
mahal, the semi-villain Morat, son to Nourmahal, married 
to Melesinda, the pathetic lover, Arimant, left out in the cold. 
The complication of amatory emotions is greater in this play 
than ever. Indamora is loved by the father emperor, by his 
son Aureng-Zebe, by his step-son Morat and by Arimant, 
Governor of Agra, she loving Aureng-Zebe alone, and 
Aureng-Zebe for his part being adored in an evil way by his 
step-mother, Nourmahal. The plot is thus as intricate as, if 
not more intricate than, before, and these love passions are set 
in the midst of scenes of fighting, excitement and suspense. 
Morat is killed, and Nourmahal runs “‘distracted.”’ Eventually 
the latter dies, leaving once more the pair of true lovers, after 
innumerable thrills, to marry and settle down in peace. 

In Aureng-Zebe, which on the whole is one of Dryden’s 
best plays, the most interesting features are the comparative 
lack of bombast and the singular freedom of the rimed 
verse. It would almost appear as if the author had been 
tentatively feeling his way towards the greater liberty of 
All for Love. It abounds in run-on lines, and there are 
passages scattered through it of a pre-eminent beauty. Truly 
Nettleton is right when he declares that ‘‘ quotation has not 
staled the fine passage”? in Iv. 1”: 

When I consider Life, ’tis all a Cheat; 
Yet, fool’d with Hope, Men favour the Deceit. 


1 The 1699 edition has the title Aureng-Zebe; or, The Great Mogul. 
2 Nettleton, G. H., English Drama of the Restoration and Eighteenth 
Century (1914), p. 68. 


106 TRAGEDY 


On the three lines noted above, the heroic tragedy de- 
veloped, one branch tending towards Drydenesque rant, 
battle and heroics, another towards the Orrerian historical 
play, and still a third towards the stricter calm, precision and 
artificiality of the French style and aim. 

Thus Caryl in The English Princess, or, The Death of 
Richard the III (L.1.F. March 1667) early took up the hints 
given in Henry V and presented an heroic tragedy with no 
outlandish setting of oriental scenery, a fact to which the 
prologue duly draws attention: 

You must today your Appetite prepare 

For a plain English Treat of homely Fare: 

We neither Bisque, nor Ollias shall advance 
From Spanish Novel, or from French Romance; 


Nor shall we charm your Ears, or feast your Eyes 
With Turkey-Works, or Indian Rarityes. 


There are ghosts in this play, it is true, and there is scenical 
display of a very limited sort, but for the most part Caryl’s 
tragedy is set on a lower key. It unites the English historical 
subject with a pseudo-classic calm, obviously imitated from 
Orrery. As Pepys contemporaneously expressed it, ‘‘there 
was nothing eminent in it, as some tragedys are.” A similar 
play, the sole production of its author, Thomas Shipman, is 
Henry the Third of France, Stabbed by a Fryer. With the Fall 
of the Guise (D.L. c. July 1678). Genest has made a con- 
demnation of the first four acts of this drama, and modern 
readers might be inclined to extend that condemnation to 
the whole five. It is indeed a sorry attempt, even though the 
author, in his preface with its vigorous defence of rime, 
evidently thought that his work was a masterpiece. The 
English historical play with the elements of heroics or classic 
calm had a considerable importance later, as we shall see 
when we come to consider the tragedies of 1678-1700, but 
just for the moment it could not stand up against its more 
formidable because more thrilling and more spectacular 
rivals. 

This spectacular kind was pursued energetically in the 
first experiment of Elkanah Settle, Cambyses, King of Persia 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 107 


(L.I.F. c. Jan. 1671)'. Modelled somewhat on the Dryden 
plan, it was a huge success and ran to four editions before 
the close of the century. All the formulae for a popular heroic 
play are in it—the curtain-falls and dramatic risings®, the 
overwhelming atmosphere of love, the prison scenes’, the 
scenes of horror‘, of ghosts, of spirits, of supernatural phe- 
nomena®, the outlandish country and names. There is the 
usual stock king, the stage villain, Prexaspes, the “young 
Captive Prince” Osiris, and the beautiful mistress, Mandana, 
who sets all hearts aflame. This, like Dryden’s plays, isa tragi- 
comedy, in the sense that it ends with the overthrow of the 
evil and the preservation of the good characters. 

Settle in the following years was destined to become one 
of the principal masters of the ‘‘ quality he professed.” His 
next play, The Empress of Morocco (D.G. July 1673), when 
printed, was so far honoured as to be adorned with six 
“Sculptures. The Like never done before,” illustrating 
scenes in the play. The drama, which had been first produced 
at court®, must have been a tremendous success’, or the 
Theatre Royal management would not have pilloried it in 
Duffett’s burlesque: and certainly its success, in spite of 
obvious absurdities, was not quite unmerited. The show of 
the Dryden species is there, and the atmosphere is that of 
love and war. The characters are typical: Laula the-Queen- 
Mother in conspiracy with Crimalhaz; the honest prince, 
Muly Hamet, who, after a world of fighting, settles down 
to marry his love, Mariamne. The plot, however, is slightly 
modified from the Dryden type, a fact which gives the play 
a certain novelty, and the verse at times rises to a fair pitch 
of excellence. 


1 Downes says it was the first new play after Christmas, 1666, but a 
consideration of Settle’s age at this date leads one to postulate 1671 for 
1667. The play was performed at Oxford on July 7, 1671, and was 
probably new then. 

a Cir Acts, * Ch Act. 3. eNIT. 2V; 5 y and tv. 

6 In 1669 or 1670 according to the preface to Ibrahim (D.G. 1676). 
Ward gives the date of public acting as 1671 (111. 396), but would seem 
to be wrong notwithstanding the testimony of Anthony 4 Wood (Athenae 
Oxonienses, Iv. 683). 

7 In the preface to Dennis’ Remarks upon Mr Pope’s Translation of 
Homer (1717), we are told that it ran “‘a month together.” 


108 TRAGEDY 


His success in this play soon led Settle to follow on with 
similar productions, The Conquest of China, By the Tartars 
(D.G. May 1675), full of rant, again a tragi-comedy in that, 
although a love-lorn princess of China sacrifices herself for 
her love and a villain causes massacres all round, the hero 
and the heroine are left alive at the end, and Ibrahim, the 
Illustrious Bassa (D.G. c. June 1676), save for Pastor Fido, 
the last of his riming productions. Derived obviously from 
the romance of Madeleine de Scudéry or from the homony- 
mous play by her brother Georges, the plot and the char- 
acters of this latter heroic play are on the same plan as before. 
Ibrahim is the typical prince “‘to whose Success the Sultan’s 
Glory’s due,”’ and whose 


Wondrous Arms such Miracles had done, 
I came but to behold the Fields he won, 


as the Sultan himself expresses it. The plot is fairly simple, 
and in a way is a direct complement or contrary to Dryden’s 
The Indian Queen, Ibrahim, returning victorious from war, 
asks not but is offered as a bride, Asteria, the daughter of 
Sultan Solyman. Ibrahim, however, has other thoughts, and 
dares to refuse the proffered maiden in favour of Isabella, 
with whom in turn the Sultan falls in love. The monarch is 
eventually converted by her purity and restores her to 
Ibrahim. In the meantime, Roxalana, the emperor’s wife, 
has poisoned herself through jealousy and shame. We may 
easily recognise Montezuma in Ibrahim, the usual Emperor 
in Solyman, the forsaken queen in Roxalana, Orazia in 
Isabella. ‘There is nothing new but a slight juggling of their 
relations to one another. The heroic play always suffered 
from a lack of novelty in the conception of the situations. 
The other play of Settle’s mentioned above, Pastor Fido, or, 
The Faithful Shepherd (D.G. c. Dec. 1676) may be noted 
here in passing as the last riming play of this author, and as 
one of the few pastoral ‘‘heroic” dramas of the time. 

Many others followed in the same line of popularised, we 
might almost call them national, heroics. D’Urfey presented 
The Siege of Memphis, or, The Ambitious Queen (D.L. c. Sept. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 109 


1676), an unsuccessful play, in which Zemlura, Queen of 
Egypt, falls in love with the Syrian Moaron, who in turn 
adores Zemlura’s sister, Amasis. This drama, it may be 
noted, had a definitely tragic ending, a possible cause of its 
cool reception on the stage. The absence of the magnanimous 
hero is likewise noticeable. Pordage also came forward with 
Herod and Mariamne (L.1.F. Oct. 1673) which we are in- 
formed in the prologue was written in 1661 or in 1662; as 
this date, however, carries the history of the species even 
beyond Dryden and Orrery, and as the play has many 
characteristics of the later heroic dramas, we may presume 
that the year of composition was nearer 1670 than 1660. The 
characters of this play are as stereotyped as those of the others, 
and the rants at the close remind us of Dryden’s Maximin. 
Herod has murdered Mariamne, then stabs and is stabbed 
by his rival Tyridates: whereupon the latter cries out that, 
revenge having done its part, love will now go on: 
And finish what Mariamnes Eyes begun. 


Though it grows dark, my Ghost shall rove about, 
And never stop till it has found thine out. 


At this the burly Herod is duly distressed. He had never 
thought of this contingency. 


“Ha!” he cries. “‘Into what Confusion am I hurl’d, 
Hee’! be my Rival in the other World,” 


and then comes to him the remedy, 
If Souls can fight, I thee to Battle dare. 


Pordage gave one other heroic drama to the theatre in The 
Siege of Babylon (D.G. c. Sept. 1677) wherein the “‘ Love and 
Honour” emphasised in the very first line betray no marked 
modifications from other previous examples. Rants, badly 
imitated from Dryden, disfigure Banks’ The Rival Kings, or, 
The Loves of Oroondates and Statira (D.L. c. June 1677), 
plainly derived from Calprenéde’s Cassandre and associated 


1 Cf. the dedication. 

2 The play was produced by the Duke’s players at the old L.I.F house 
after that was vacated by the King’s troupe in June 1673. See an article 
by the present writer in The Times Literary Supplement, Sept. 21, 1922. 


110 TRAGEDY 


with Lee’s The Rival Queens, produced earlier in the year at 
the same theatre. Another play by Banks, The Destruction 
of Troy (D.G. c. Nov. 1678) was composed probably before 
the rimed fever gave over and was re-worked in a later strain: 
the same possibly is true of Mrs Behn’s Abdelazer, or, The 
Moor’s Revenge (D.G. 1676). This latter play, based on 
Marlowe’s Lust’s Dominion, connects us with a few plays by 
Otway and Sedley, where we find a very marked element of 
Elizabethan reminiscences in the midst of the heroic rants. 
Here the central figure, brave and bombastic but also half 
a villain, is Abdelazer, a moor, married to Florella and be- 
loved by the Queen of Spain. Complications arise when the 
new king comes to adore the Moor’s wife, who, along with 
the king, is murdered by the pair of guilty lovers. Abdelazer 
then for his own purposes strives to kill the Queen’s other 
son, Philip, together with the Cardinal. There is a mass of 
fighting and intrigue, in the midst of which the Moor, after 
murdering the Queen and making love to Leonora, is be- 
trayed by his own lieutenant, Osmin, and dies ranting. ‘The 
plot is plainly not of the ordinary Drawcansir type, but the 
love and honour that pervades the whole is in the typical 
heroic strain. Even the Cardinal can tell us that “‘ Love and 
Honour” he has ‘‘always made the Business” of his ‘‘ Life1,”’ 
or else feel “‘a Contest of Love and Honour” swelling his 
“Rising Heart?.” 

Among other plays which belong to this category, Sedley’s 
Antony and Cleopatra (D.G. Feb. 1676/7), a tragedy which 
Ward dates ten years earlier and inexplicably calls the ‘‘latest 
example of the English rimed heroic play,” inevitably fails 
when placed alongside of Dryden’s or of Shakespeare’s 
masterpieces on the same theme, but Otway’s Alcibiades 
(D.G. Sept. 1675) and Don Carlos, Prince of Spain (D.G. 
c. June 1676) merit fuller attention. The first, possibly, has 
hardly the graces of the second, but is by no means negligible. 
Don Carlos is truly a triumph of the heroic species. The 
characters are all of the same stock type we have met with 


LEV 2 1Vs ay. i: 
* This mistake is copied by Schelling in the C.H.E.L. vu. 139. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY III 


before—the artificial monarch, the machiavellian Ruy-Gomez 
and the Edmund-like villain Don John, but the language and 
the sentiments are much more natural and unaffected than 
those of the ordinary productions of this school, and Otway 
has an absence of rant which should gain our appreciative 
commendation. 

Of all the authors of the Drydenesque tragedy, however, 
Lee takes precedence. An entirely tragic writer; he pro- 
duced not a single line of comedy. His mind seemed too fixed 
on the gruesome side of life, on the hard and rocky paths of 
existence, ever to turn aside to happier and to more pleasant 
prospects. A magnificent reader of his own works, he yet 
seems to have been of that self-sensitive type of man who 
fails when the world’s eyes are bent on him: so that, after a 
short period, he abandoned the actor’s career in disgust. That 
his mind had a morbid turn cannot be denied : but it is equally 
impossible to deny that he possessed to no small degree the 
gifts of the true poet, felicity and enthusiasm. He dwelt too 
much on those periods of history when vice seemed to rise 
to abnormal heights—Rome of the Neros, Rome of the 
Borgias and Paris of Saint Bartholomew’s Day—but in his 
finest plays he has captured our attention for themes which: 
are odious in themselves and which do not always contain 
the requisites for a true tragic plot. Whether he sank to rime 
or rose with blank verse there are scattered through his works 
passages which can remind us only of the best of the later 
Elizabethans—of Webster and of Ford—and sometimes even 
of Shakespeare himself. 

Lee’s rimed heroic plays are only three in number, al- 
though we must remember that he, like many of the others, 
reproduced the atmosphere of heroism even after he had 
abandoned rime and adopted blank verse. His dramatic 
career he opened with The Tragedy of Nero, Emperour of 
Rome (D.L. May 1674), a play practically wholly written in 
rime?, and thus tuning in with the popular fancy. So closely 
indeed has Lee followed the prevailing mood of the age, that 
his bombast is hardly to be matched even in the worst 


1 There is a little blank verse, and one or two passages in prose. 


112 TRAGEDY 


productions of the same cast}. Probably the finest scenes in 
it are those where Brittanicus runs mad?—an early sign of a 
fatal bent in Lee’s own mind. These are indeed admirably 
executed, although the horror of the whole piece is too con- 
tinuous. There is no working up to a preconceived end, and 
when we consider that it begins with a murder, we realise that 
our interest must flag somewhat ere the end be reached. 
Sophonisba, or, Hannibal’s Overthrow (D.L. April 1675) 
followed the next year, a decided success, not only in its own 
time, but through at least the first half of the eighteenth 
century’. Written in rimed verse, it does not reproduce the 
slightly amateurish rants so visible in Nero, and is decidedly 
thrilling in a melodramatic way. Scathing as is Ward’s 
criticism of it, it does seem to contain characters and language 
calculated not only to appeal to a poetic taste, but also to 
arouse the highest emotions in an audience. Follies there are, 
of course, as in that ridiculous first meeting of Rosalinda and 
of Massina in Act 11*, but what seventeenth or eighteenth 
century lady could refuse to cheer Hannibal at his last exit: 


Haste, haste, Maherbal, and fresh Levies make; 
Honour that did but now calm Slumbers take, 
Shall like the Ocean in a Tempest wake: 

We'll pass new Alpes, new Consuls overthrow, 
To Rome with far more dreadful Armies go... 
Nor stop till Rosalinda’s Statue, Crown’d, 

Sits in the Capitol with Gods enthron’d?5 


1 For example Nero’s rants in IJ. iii: 


“When I look sad, whole Hecatombs should fall. 
Ha! who are they? my fretting blood does rise: 
Hands, rest: I’le try to blast him with my Eyes. 
Make me Basilisk, but one short hour, 
Some Gop, that would be Nero’s Emperour.” 
2 Iv and v. 
® There were at least eight editions before 1734. It was revived at 
the Haymarket in 1707; at D.L. in 1725 and at L.I.F. in 1726 and in 
1735. 
4 Rosalinda: ‘‘Who’s there? 
Massina: First instruct me what you are, 
And how you came to be thus Heavenly fair: 
What is it makes your Cheeks so fresh and bright, 


, The Red of Roses, or the Lillies white?” and so on. 
Vv. 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 113 


Undoubtedly, apart from the melodramatic atmosphere, 
apart from the extraneous trapping of visions and of portents?, 
there remains in this play a force, an enthusiasm lacking even 
in the works of Dryden himself. It is the divine passion, the 
last of the madnesses of poetry, ere poetry of inspiration fell 
into its slumber of a hundred years. 

The following year, in Jan. 1675/6, was produced at D.L. 
Lee’s third tragedy, Gloriana, or, The Court of Augustus 
Caesar, his “‘worst Tragedy” as Genest styles it?. Genest’s 
criticism must be accepted carefully. Those who have read 
this play will agree that in places at least it rises to a certain 
dramatic intensity by no means unconvincing. Such is that 
scene in the last act where Gloriana lies in the bed of 
Augustus, ready to slay him, and Caesario, her lover, comes 
to part the curtains: 

Gloriana: Who’s this? am I awake or do I see? 
Caesario here indeed, can this be he? 
If thou be Caesar’s Son that did adore 
The Blood of Pompey, speak, or love no more. 
Caesario: Love no more. 
Gloriana: Why dost thou thus with frightful Action gaze? 
Or art thou but the Ghost of him that was? 
Caesario: The Ghost of him that was. 
Gloriana: Such by thy stedfast Eyes thou wou’dst appear, 
Thy dread replies unusual horrour bear... 
Who was thy Murd’rer, if thou murder’d be? 
By Caesar slain, or wert thou kill’d by the... 
Caesario: Kill’d by thee. 
These individual passages, wherein Lee rises truly to the 
heights of his art, make up for the lack of novelty in character 
drawing and the monotony of the conclusion. Lee was not 
the kind of man to love tragi-comic endings to his plays, 
and accordingly we find that the stage at the close of every 
fifth act is literally strewed with corpses. Deeply influenced 
by the tendencies of his age, he could not indulge in subtle 
studies of mind-states, and his characters at this time are 
simply the stock characters of the heroic tragedy. Augustus 


1 Note the ‘‘ Heaven of Blood” and the “‘ Spirits in Battle” in 11. ii. 
2 1.182 Ward is equally condemnatory (III. 409). 


NRD 8 


114 TRAGEDY 


is the ordinary lustful king, to be traced through Dryden 
from Valentinian and other figures of the early seventeenth 
century. He develops an evil passion for Gloriana, the 
mistress of his son Caesario, who in turn is beloved by 
Narcissa, the pathetic heroine. The last mentioned, as was 
inevitable in these heroic plays, stabs herself for love. 

The only other writer during this time who at all ap- 
proached towards that third type of the heroic tragedy—the 
duller, more artificial species which tried to imitate the rimed 
plays of France—was John Crowne, the dramatist patronised 
by Rochester when that nobleman had cast off Dryden from 
his good graces. In all Crowne has contributed two heroic 
plays to the theatre and another, written by an unknown 
author, he touched up for the stage. The History of Charles 
the Eighth of France, or, The Invasion of Naples by the French 
was the first new play acted at the theatre at Dorset Garden 
in 1671. In spite of its almost contemporary subject matter, 
it is as heroic as any drama set in Peru or India or China}. 
The scene is one of war, but the main business of the plot 
concerns Ferdinand’s love for Cornelia and Charles’ love for 
Julia, the sister of Ferdinand. It is truly, what the epilogue 
calls it, “‘a dull Rhiming Play,’ and is interesting only because 
in type it stands midway between Orrery and Dryden. The 
Destruction of Ferusalem by Titus Vespasian (two parts D.L. 
Jan. 1676/7) is almost equally dull although its greater licence 
and more numerous stirring scenes procured for it a greater 
need of contemporary approval. The other play, which 
Crowne merely rendered fit for the stage, is a translation of 
Racine’s Andromaque*, and has solely an historic significance. 
In all of these plays Crowne was obviously trying to combine 
popular elements with his natural leaning towards pseudo- 
classicism. That leaning towards classicism is more clearly 
seen in his later dramas, Thyestes, Darius, Regulus and 
Caligula. 

In thus passing over in review the actual heroic tragedies 
of the years 1664~77, I have indicated so much of the plot 
and structure of the dramas that little need now be said in 


1 See particularly 11. i. 2 Andromache (D.G. c. August 1674). 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 115 


a general summary of the various characteristics of the 
species. All three types, as has-been abundantly evident, 
had qualities in common, the only differences being, in the 
Dryden species a superabundance of rant and stirring scenes, 
in the Orrerian a more classic chill and chastened calm. 
Love, as is perfectly obvious, was the prevading atmosphere 

of all three, a love that wrapped everything in its control and 
lost itself in ridiculous similes and nonsensical reasonings. 
“The Flame of Love,” says Perdiccas in Cooke’s Love’s 
Triumph (unacted, 1678), 

The flame of Love no water can asswage, 

It makes it blaze, and roar with fiercer rage, 


and although Statira informs him 
Tis cause you don’t— 


Fling on fresh buckets at a faster rate: 
A close supply its fury would abate?, 


neither he nor any of his heroic companions took the advice, 
but let the conflagration proceed in merry crackling style. 
This love affects heroes and heroines, saints and sinners, in 
the strangest ways. Not only does it conquer and disturb 
the all-conquering warrior—‘‘ Frail Prince!” says Lelius in 
Lee’s Sophonisba (D.L. 1675), 

Frail Prince, how wavering all his Actions be, 

By Passions toss’d in Love’s Tempestuous Sea?,— 


but the characters are all afflicted by it with such a sudden- 
ness that they hardly know at first what it is. Part of Zem- 
poalla’s soliloquy in The Indian Queen I have already quoted?, 
and that is but typical of the sentiments of many another 
character. Sometimes, even, according to their own words, 
these characters cannot distinguish the force of love from a 
physical wound. In Banks’ The Destruction of Troy (D.G. 
1678) Achilles is in the temple: Paris flings a dart and wounds 
him, whereat the hero, thinking of his mistress, cries out aloud: 

Ha! Ha! Polyxena...what ails my Heart! 

Sure ’twas not Love that gave that deadly smart— 

I’me hurt...O Gods! who can the Pain indure!* 


BoE Ville = ep 8 Supra, p. 102. Oe 
8-2 


116 TRAGEDY 


It is quite obvious that, given a love of this kind, passion 
should take away from those whom it seizes all power of 
common sense. Sertorius in Sir Robert Howard’s The Vestal 
Virgin, or, The Roman Ladies (T.R. in B.St. 1664) is going 
to a duel, and bids Caska do a last service for him: 

I have but one Thing more then to enjoin thee; 

If I shou’d fall by Tiridates’ Sword, 

Carry the News thy self unto Hersila, 

And watch her as thou would’st an Arrow shot, 

To see whether it hit or no. 
Caska, who is not in love, sees the folly of this: 

“To what purpose, Sir?...”’ he asks, 

**How, Sir, shou’d I send you Word?” 
This appears to come as an entirely new thought to Sertorius, 
who, meditatively gazing on his companion, can only murmur 
“Tis true.” Later he announces his fresh intention to 
Tiridates : 

I will be just to you; but if I fall, 

Carry no News of Love, nor me, at ali; 

For I have thought upon’t, and find it vain, 

To me no Message can come back again?. 

This wonderful love, as we have seen, is usually presented 
in violent conflict with what may be styled honour, which 
might be friendship or loyalty, but rarely the point of honour 
as in the French plays?. The more limited sense of honour 
appears in only one or two stray dramas of the period. Of 
the Love and Honour contests I have given sufficient ex- 
amples above. In the breasts of all the heroes of this drama 
there proceeds a continual tempest of warring passions: each 
separate figure could endorse the words of Caesario in Lee’s 
Gloriana (D.L. 1676): 

Revenge and Friendship in my Bosom clash’d, 
Like Mountain billows, each the other dash’d3. 

Love and honour both could serve towards the making of 

rivals temporary friends, as in The Indian Emperor, or as in 


Sith 


2 For a more abstract consideration of the heroic conflict see the 
present writer’s Introduction to Dramatic Theory (1923). 
eoars 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 117 


Howard’s The Vestal Virgin (T.R. in B.St. 1664) where 
Sertorius bids his enemy and rival join with him: 

Come, Tiridates, 

Hersilia’s Danger now our Quarrel ends, 

And when she is unsafe, we must be Friends: 

Our Action’s some fantastic Planet guides, 

Ill-Fortune can unite whom Good divides?. 


Although love is mostly the dominating note in these plays, 
even to the exclusion of honour, in some honour has de- 
cidedly definite claims. Thus in Tuke’s The Adventures of 
Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663) Octavio requests Antonio to retire: 


You from a Life of Perils hither come 
To find a Nuptial Bed, not seek a Tomb, 


but Antonio will hear naught of it: 


My Friend ingag’d, it never must be said, 
Antonio left him so to go to Bed. 


Even when Octavio reminds him that he is married, he 
replies: 
Wedded to Honour, that must yield to none?. 


In the main, however, honour is subservient to love and to 
individual passion. Montezuma and Almanzor can shift 
about as pleases their fancies. The hero is above smaller 
scruples such as might affect ordinary mortals: 
None but the Conquer’d should have sence of shame. 
Shall shows of Vertue darken (your) bright Fame? 


Success does cover all the Crimes of War, 
And Fame and Vertue still consistent are?— 


these words of Rustan’s in Orrery’s Mustapha (L.I.F, 1665) 
might be taken as a motto by all the heroes of the day. It is 
not that they are frail, as Dryden points out in his defence 
of Almanzor, but that they form worlds of honour and of 
morality for themselves. It may indeed be conjectured 
whether the tendency of the time did not give rise to this 
aspect of their personalities. When men could shift easily 
from Republicanism to adoration of monarchy, from a faithful 


1 i, 5 31, LM OF 


serving of the Catholic church to an embracing of the creed 
of the English church, from Whiggery to Toryism, it seems 
but natural that they should introduce their own character- 
istics into the figures of their idealising imagination. Man is 
decidedly anthropomorphic in his creative powers, and 
Almanzor is simply a god idealised from actual Wallers and 
Drydens. 

These idealised heroes do not on any occasion hesitate to 
point out to others their majestic positions. ‘‘I shine above 
thee,” remarks Scipio in Sophonisba (D.L. 1675), 


like a Star fix’d higher, 
Whom though you cannot reach, you may admire?. 


Araspes in Gloriana (D.L. 1676) tells Caesario he is but a 
man. The latter’s reply is characteristic: 


Said you of me? *T'was poor: 

A man! Araspes, I was always more. 

When me in Swadling-bands the Nurses rock’d, 

My Soul was full with God-like Courage stock’d; 

The Sounds which first my wondrous Voice did move, 
Were Father Julius, and grandsire Fove: 

E’en in my Childhood I was more than Man?. 


Nor did heroes share this self-esteem only among others of 
their own class: heroes and villains alike have the most 
exalted notions of themselves and of their actions. The 
Queen Mother in Settle’s The Empress of Morocco (D.G. 
1673) is as bad as Almanzor: 


From Springs so deep shall sink thee down to Hell. 
I shed my Tears, as Rain in Egypt falls, 

Sent for no common Cause, but to foretell 
Destructions, Ruins, Plagues, and Funerals?, 


and a character in the same author’s The Conquest of China 
(D.G. 1675) can decide that 


Those few Millions we’ve yet vanquisht, are 
A bare dumb Shew of a poor Pageant War, 
Our Honour now for greater Action calls*. 


Il. i. 2n. 3 11 (v). Cn BP fs 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY 119 


Even so late as 1694, Pembroke in Banks’ The Innocent 
Usurper (1694) could remember sufficient of the rants of 
the heroes and the villains of 1670 to cry: 
Weep Heav’ns, fall Hail and Torrents from the Skye, 
And when y’ave drein’d the Briney Ocean dry, 
Weep on, and pour the watery Globe and Night, 
On the World’s back, and quench this Orb of Light?. 
all d propos of his own emotions. 

These exaggerated emotions, as we have abundantly seen, 
led to a falsification of all psychology. Not one of the heroes, 
heroines or villains of the exalted tragedy acts rightly. Their 
psychology is hopelessly wrong. Whether it is love or war 
or death their actions and their words are the actions and 
the words of unreality. Their declarations ring hollow. 
Massinissa in Lee’s Sophonisba (D.L. 1675) has already shown 
us the follies and the unnatural sentiments that this exalted 
temper could produce. The unreality of that meeting of 
Massinissa and of Rosalinda is paralleled in the same play 
in the death of Trebellius, who, as he expires, can find energy 
to pour out a torrent of heroic words: 

Cut off in my full growth! curse on your strife; 
To die thus, when I business had for Life! 


Just Scipio will revenge my Death, beware; 
I feel I’m going, though I know not where?. 


The constant straining after exaggerated effect even led the 
dramatists to create for their characters a special language. 
The unnatural sentiments and the ranting rhetoric poured 
forth by them found a counterpart in their marvellous oaths. 
“‘Zounds,” the fashionable exclamation of real life, would 
have been too commonplace to appear on their lips. ‘Furies ! 
and Hell !”® however, was quite in keeping with their per- 
sonalities: or ‘‘Tortures! and Hell!” or ‘‘Hell! Plagues! 
and Death! ”> or ‘‘Hell! Furies! Fiends! and Plagues!” 

IV. 4: ety. 

8 Lee’s Gloriana (D.L. 1676), 1. i; The Duke of Guise (D.L. 1682), 
1. ii; Banks’ Vertue Betray’d (D.G. 1682), I. i. 

4 Settle’s Ibrahim (D.G. 1676), 11. i. 


5 Southerne’s The Loyal Brother (D.L. 1682), UI. ii. 
Sr haaits 1. 


120 TRAGEDY 


“Ravens! and Vultures!’ occurs in Settle’s The Female 
Prelate (D.L. 1679)! though Lee outshines them all with his 
“Night ! Horrour ! Death ! Confusion ! Hell ! and Furies !””* 
his no less inspiring ‘‘ Death and Devils ! Daggers ! Poison ! 
Fire!” and his ‘Gods! Devils! Hell! Heaven! and 
Earth !’?4 These heroic exclamations, like the rants, as can 
be seen from the footnotes to this page, endured long after 
the rimed fashion had passed away. ‘‘Hell ! Scalding Lead! 
and Sulphures!” appears as late as 1694 in Banks’ The 
Innocent Usurper. 

From the presence of the exaggerated hero, also, and of 
the exaggerated villain, fed, too, from earlier Elizabethan 
founts, came the prevalence in the heroic drama of the 
Dryden school, of situations of horror, murder, torture and 
blood. Some of the scenes described in the stage directions 
to the heroic plays equal in bloody suggestion even some of 
the passages in Titus Andronicus. 'The sixth engraving to 
Settle’s The Empress of Morocco (D.G. 1673) shows a dungeon 
filled with mutilated bodies impaled on stakes, the ground 
littered with the bones of former victims®. Indeed, the 
horrible presentments that are put forward in so many of 
the Restoration tragedies, heroic and otherwise, make us 
realise that, if the poetic spirit of Webster and of Ford was 
in many ways lost, certainly their love of blood and of riotous 
torment never was, From Ford and from Webster, too, came 
to the Restoration dramatists as a whole that dabbling in 
unnatural sex-relationships which I have taken note of above. 

Just as the presence of the horrors and peculiar sex themes 


EOL salt 2 Oedipus (D.G. 1679), U1. i. 

* Caesar Borgia (D.G. 1679), Iv, where also in v occurs “‘ Racks, Rocks 
and Fire! Cauldrons of molten Lead!” 

4 Nero (D.L. 1674), UI. i. 

° Cf. also Settle’s Cambyses (L.1.F. 1671), 111. iv—‘ The Body of Osiris, 
beheaded; & an Executioner with the suppos’d Head in a Vessel of Blood”: 
and The Conquest of China (D.G. 1675), where in Vv. iii is a “Scene of 
Murdered Women,” and in which occurs a stage direction “ Dy omnes.” 
In Payne’s The Siege of Constantinople (D.G. 1674) we have as a last scene 
“a great Number of Dead and Dying men in several manner of Deaths. The 
Chancellor, Lorenzo, and Michael Empal’d,” while in The Treacherous 
Brothers (D.L. 1689) of Powell, “‘ The Scene drawn discovers Men(aphon) 
Executed, being flung from a Battlement upon Spikes.” 


THE RIMED HEROIC TRAGEDY . iar 


‘was not due to the influence of Corneille or of Racine, but, 
taken from earlier Elizabethan example, was working in direct 
opposition to the French influence, so the multiplicity of 
action, the innumerable characters and the licence of stirring 
scenes acted coram populo, were all decidedly English ingre- 
dients in the cosmopolitan nature of the heroic drama. 
“Sieges” and ‘‘ Conquests”” abound, and “ Destructions” are 
not uncommon—all titles, which, avoided on the continent, 
point to the difference of temperament between the audience 
of Paris and the audience of London. 

As a fit background for these stirring scenes the public 
of the seventeenth century desired settings of rich gorgeous 
loveliness, full of a strangeness that should reave them away 
from the drabness of contemporary conditions. In this wise, 
the Oriental settings given to many a tragedy may be taken 
as indicating a desire to escape from conventional sur- 
roundings to a world of unrestrained bustle and turmoil and 
impossible romance. ‘These scenes most frequently had some 
vague historical basis, but truth to history and truth to local 
customs was never insisted upon. To fit them in with the 
prevailing temper of the time, the characters, were they 
Romans, Arabians, Mexicans, Chinamen, even Englishmen 
of the earlier Tudor periods, were all warped out of their 
national characteristics and made to live in the one world1— 
the world of heroic ardour and of dauntless courage. Even 
Orrery, with his historical tragedies, has not more truth to 
nature than Dryden or Nat Lee has. 

The heroic tragedy, on all sides, is to be explained by de- 
claring it a conscious artificialising of early seventeenth 
century romantic drama, with elements introduced to please 
the tastes of the Restoration novelty-seeking audience, and 
all modified just a trifle to make it approach a little nearer to 
the heroic plays of France. 

1 The prevalence of oriental themes will have been noted even in the 
titles of the dramas I have mentioned above. For the uniform nature of 
the characters, cp. Saint-Evrémond’s remark on the Alexandre (1665) of 


Racine: “‘tous ces héros, grecs ou indiens, parlent et sentent en gentilhommes 
frangais.” 


122 TRAGEDY 


IV. Other Types of Tragedy: 1660-1677 


(In thus dealing at length with the characteristics of the 
rimed heroic play, it must not be presumed that that was the 
only type of serious drama put before the public during the 
years 1664-77. Native English influence led to a develop- 
ment of non-heroic tragedy also, and this, though less popular, 
must never be forgotten: the prevailing desire for novelty, 
show, music and dance, coupled with the undoubted influence 
of D’Avenant, tended towards the elaboration of the opera.) 
The germs of opera, certainly, may be traced back to native 
English example as well—in this case, directly to the masque. 
All through the seventeenth century the opera remained in 
its ‘‘English” form: it did not adopt the recitativo and aria 
of Italian productions, presaged though these had been by 
D’Avenant in The Siege of Rhodes and hinted at by Flecknoe 
in his early unacted Love’s Dominion (1654) later brought out 
as Love’s Kingdom at L.I.F. in 1664. (The operas of the late 
seventeenth century were all dramatic operas, composed of 
dialogue in prose or verse interspersed with fragments of song 
and with choruses. Anything indeed that was slightly more 
musical than ordinary and possessed an additional supply of 
airs appears in Restoration times to have gained for itself the 
title of opera.) Thus for Downes Shadwell’s play of The 
Lancashire Witches (D.G. 1681) because of its songs became 
“a kind of Opera?,” and Granville in a preface to his Genuine 
Works in Verse and Prose (1732) reminds us that ‘to introduce 
Singing and Dancing, by Head and Shoulders, no way 
relative to the Action, does not turn a Play into an Opera: 
though that Title is now promiscuously given to every Farce 
sprinkled here and there with a Song and a Dance.” 

Un spite of Flecknoe’s and D’Avenant’s early endeavours, 
and in spite of the fact that D’Avenant’s house seems to have 
been known generally as the “‘Opera,”’ we do not come to 
the definitely operatic period of the drama till the seventies 
of the century. Music was but slowly developing in the 


APE 38. 


OTHER TYPES OF TRAGEDY 123 


theatres, and Purcell, to whose influence may be attributed 
a fair amount of the interest in this form of theatrical pro- 
duction, did not apply his talents to the dramatic sphere 
until the year 1686) Purcell, certainly, was not alone in 
contributing to the popularity of the species. We find en- 
gaged in the writing of dramatic music not only Englishmen 
such as Matthew Locke, who collaborated with D’Avenant 
in pre-Restoration times and who later had an interest in 
composing the music for the operatic versions of Macbeth 
and of The Tempest, but foreigners as well. Battista Draghi 
aided Locke in setting the music for Shadwell’s Psyche (D.G. 
1674/5): Cambert arrived in England in 1673 and he and 
his pupil Grabut had a share in the more ornate performances 
at the Theatre Royal and at the Cockpit in Court. French 
troupes of opera singers were certainly performing in England 
several times between 1660 and 17007. I have already men- 
tioned The Descent of Orpheus into Hell by Chapoton of 
which “‘the Description of the Great Machines” is still 
extant. This was no doubt performed by a company under 
Jean Chamouveau, who received £300 from the king for his 
services on Dec. 2, 1661, and whom Evelyn records as acting 
at court on the 16th of the same month. I have also noted 
the performance of Ariane, ou, Le Mariage de Bacchus in 
March 1673/4. This was an opera originally written by 
Perrin and set to music by Cambert himself: it was produced 
by the newly founded Royal Academy of Music, organised 
by Cambert and Grabut. Pomone, set by Cambert, and per- 
formed at Paris in 1671, was very probably set on the English 
stage about the same time. In May 1677 appeared another 
opera, this time by Madame La Roche-Guilhen, entitled 


1 There has been a considerable amount of controversy over the author- 
ship of the music to these two Shakespearian operas. See Lawrence, W.J., 
The Elizabethan Playhouse (Series 1, 1912, pp. 207 ff.): Squire, Barclay, 
Purcell’s Dramatic Music (International Music Society, vol. 5) and article 
in The Musical Quarterly, October, 1912: also correspondence in The 
Times Literary Supplement, Sept. 1918. The music for the original 
alteration of The Tempest was probably written by Banister and Hum- 
phreys, added to by Pietro Reggio and Hart. In 1674 may have come 
Locke’s amendments and additions, and about 1690 Purcell’s score. 

2 See the later notes on the French comedians in England, infra pp. 
238-241. 


124 TRAGEDY 


Rare en Tout. The foreign composers who got these operas 
produced, the singers who took the leading parts and the 
dancers who were got over especially from France, all worked 
with the regular managements of the theatres. Grabut’s later 
collaboration with Southerne and with Dryden is well known. 

The first step towards a fuller development of the English 
opera was probably that made by D’Avenant and Dryden in 
The Tempest (L.1.F. Nov. 1667) and by D’Avenant or another 
in Macbeth (text of 1673 quarto). The earlier Tempest, how- 
ever, is barely an opera: it has operatic features: it is removed 
one degree further into the world of romance by the intro- 
duction of a sister to Miranda, named Dorinda, and of 
Hippolito, a youth who has never seen a woman, as well as 
by its emphasis on show. It was left to Shadwell to move 
the musical adaptation of Shakespeare still another stage, to 
the full realms of the opera proper?. The description of the 
orchestra in this opera of Shadwell’s, the elaborate stage 
settings, the machines and the songs—of which “Arise ye 
Subterranean Winds” is a masterpiece—all mark out the 
dramatic opera of the English type. Macbeth, also, by 
D’Avenant, was carried a further stage into the operatic 
world (D.G. Feb. 1672/3)8. This second Macbeth is not less 
typical. ‘The atmosphere is thoroughly operatic. The witches 
enter and exeunt ‘“‘flying*.”’ There is thunder and lightning 
to be heard'—that thunder and lightning which was so 
satirised by Duffett in his epilogue ‘‘ Being a new Fancy after 
the old, and most surprising way of MACBETH, Perform’d with 
new and costly MACHINES,” appended to his burlesque The 
Empress of Morocco (D.L. 1673). The ghost descends and 
rises again at Macbeth’s feet®. Every attempt is made to 


1 See Appendix B, and notes on the play lists given there in The Times 
Literary Supplement, Sept. 21, 1922. Note should be taken in W. J. Law- 
rence’s article on Foreign Singers and Musicians at the Court of Charles II 
(Musical Quarterly, April 1923) of the reference to the Ballet et Musique 
pour le divertissement du Roy de la Grande Bretagne (1674). 

* For the relations between the two Tempests, see Lawrence, W. J., 
The Elizabethan Playhouse (1. 191 f.), Summers, M., Shakespeare Adapta- 
tions (1922, introduction) and the present writer’s pamphlet on Dryden 
as an Adapter of Shakespeare (Shakespeare Association pamphlets, No. 8). 

8 See the text of the edition of 1674, 

patents Asal SSrine 


OTHER TYPES OF TRAGEDY 125 


lower the tragic tension and to heighten the artificiality of 
the piece—a movement analogous to that we have seen in 
full force in the development of the heroic tragedy. 

The first real non-Shakespearian opera was Shadwell’s 
Psyche (D.G. Feb. 1674/5), largely derived from Moliére 
and again satirised by Duffett. Here we have moved into 
what is truly the operatic realm of Restoration dramas. The 
tendency of the heroic play had been merely an exaggeration 
of the rational tragic endeavour—to raise and to generalise 
human qualities into an almost divine and infallible content. 
The tendency of the opera, on the other hand, was towards 
the completely unreal. It is this that Dryden felt when he 
declared that “‘the suppos’d Persons” of the opera ‘‘are 
generally supernatural, as Gods and Goddesses, and Heroes 
which at least are descended from them, and are in due time 
to be adopted into their number.” Thus, for the most part, 
while the heroic tragedy treated of distant oriental realms 
with a sham historical background, the opera dwelt on 
mythical episodes and with entirely fanciful scenes. The very 
title of this play of Shadwell’s, or of Dr D’Avenant’s Circe 
(D.G. 1677) or of Dryden’s Albion and Albanius (D.G. 1685) 
and King Arthur (D.G. 1691) or of Settle’s The Fairy Queen 
(D.G. 1692) and The World in the Moon (D.G. 1697) serve 
to display the vast chasm which lay between the pure tragedy 
and its musical contemporary. 

Naturally, not many of these operas deserve any very 
lengthy literary mention. Psyche might be produced at the 
then enormous expense of £800, with vocal music by Locke 
and instrumental by Giovanni Battista Draghi, with dances 
by St André and scenery by Stephenson, but for us to-day 
the whole piece lacks inherent interest. Apart from a stray 
song or two, it is a thing dead and valueless. Of D’Avenant’s 
Circe (D.G. May 1677) exactly the same may be said. Here 
again, packed into the limits of five acts, we find music, song 
and show, crowds of spirits and furies and syrens, “A Dance 
of the Winds*” and a dance of ‘‘Pleasant Dreams?.” ‘‘The 


1 Preface to Albion and panei ne G. 1685). 
Siti ie 


126 TRAGEDY 


Heav’ns open” in one scene, and in the last the city sud- 
denly bursts into flame. All such theatrical accompaniments 
lacking now, we can barely summon up enough courage to 
pass over the borders of the initial scene. Nemesis will 
always follow the opera. One of the most appealing of stage 
forms, its libretto is doomed to everlasting oblivion. 

Apart from the opera there remain a certain number of 
sérious plays written between 1660 and 1677 still unaccounted 
for. These, either complete tragedies or compounds of 
tragedy and of comedy, may nearly all be styled Elizabethan 
in tone. That is to say, they present reminiscences of one or 
other of the older types of drama, Shakespearian, Websterian, 
romantic or pastoral, without any marked developments of 
heroic elements. These plays may be regarded as backwaters 
in the forward rush of the drama, and yet must have played 
no inconsiderable part in the future growth of that “‘Shake- 
spearian” style which was heralded by Dryden in-hisz#itfor 

Lave, OF all the Elizabethan models; naturally, the romantic 

ra (> plays of Beaumont and Fletcher played a chiet part, although 

a « f we can often trace the influence of other and different types 

‘in plays that are definitely romantic in tone. Possibly next 

_.,° in importance we might rank the influence of the school of 
Pad horrors. 

Of the latter type, mixed with Shakespearian reminiscence, 
is The Villain (L.1.F. Oct. 1662) by Thomas Porter, praised 
by Young Killigrew on its first production?. Here Malignii 
is another Iago and Charlotte goes mad in imitation of 
Ophelia. Iago appeared again, ten years later, in The Fatal 
Jealousie (D.G. Aug. 1672) of Nevil Payne, where he mas- 
querades as Jasper, in opposition to a not ill-drawn Othello 
in Don Antonio. Of the same type is Henry Carey’s tragedy 
The Mariage Night (L.1.F. c.1664) which Sir A.W. Ward finds 
influenced by Tourneur’s The Revenger’s Tragedy and which 
also betrays decided reminiscences of the master dramatist 3. 

PPI 1. 

a Pepys, Oct. 20, 1662. The cast is given by Downes, p. 23. See also 
Langbaine, p. 407. 

° Ward, 111. 336. He is quite in error, however, in stating that “‘ whether 
it was ever acted seems uncertain.” See Pepys, Mar. 21, 1667. Ward 


OTHER TYPES OF TRAGEDY 127 


Something of the same note is struck once more in Killigrew’s 
The Imperial Tragedy (unacted? 1669), which is one mass 
of coffins, black rooms, ‘‘ dismal Vaults,” ghosts, spirits and 
“‘satyres ” and it finds reflection, also, in Ravenscroft’s altera- 
tion of Titus Andronicus, acted at D.L. about 1686. We must 
not forget that Shakespeare’s Titus Andronicus was one of 
the first plays revived after the Restoration and remained a 
stock drama for many years. It is of course difficult now to 
determine whether the audience and the dramatists of the 
time took these and other horrors seriously. Edward Howard, 
Downes tells us, turned Romeo and Fuliet into a tragi-comedy 
with a happy ending and this was played on alternate evenings 
with the Shakespeare original. Similarly Sir Robert Howard, 
in writing The Vestal Virgin (‘T.R. in B.St. 1664), gave his 
play a double fifth act, in one of which a general scene of 
carnage is introduced, Artabaces entering with his eyes out, 
in the other the whole is ended in “‘a Comical Way” and 
Lacy in speaking the epilogue cracks jokes about the change 
of dénouement. The cynicism of the age so permeates the 
theatre of the Restoration that it is difficult indeed to determine 
precisely what was a genuine expression of emotion and what 
was a false sentiment uttered merely to satisfy a passing 
whim. 

A few other plays in this period mingle in varying pro- 
portions elements taken from Shakespeare and elements 
taken from other sources. Sir Robert Howard’s other tragic 
drama, The Great Favourite, or, The Duke of Lerma (‘T.R. 
in B.St. Feb. 1668) is one of the best of these. There is no 
excess of bloodshed here, although poison is employed for 
effect, and the Machiavellian Duke of Lerma with his tool, 
Roderigo del Caldroon, the pure Maria with the complicated 
touches in her psychology, and the young king, make up 
a story that causes us to think more highly of Dryden’s 


apparently took his mistaken statement from the Biographia Dramatica, 
and this Schelling copied in the C.H.E£.L. vitl. 130. The latter authority 
is wrong also in stating that the play was by Sir Henry Carey who died 
in 1633; it was written by the Henry Carey, or Cary, who died in 1664 (sce 
C.H.E.L. vin. 498, Index). 

1 On Killigrew’s authorship, see Appendix C, 


128 TRAGEDY 


collaborator, enemy and friend, than his other works would 
have warranted. 

Most of the other Elizabethan-type plays merit but brief 
historical mention. Most of these are tragi-comedies, and a 
certain number of them are Arcadian in scene and in char- 
acter. At the very first opening of the theatres, before the 
discovery of the heroic play, there seems to have been a slight 
flutter of interest in pastoral themes. Fanshawe’s translation 
of Il Pastor Fido by Guarini (printed 1648) was reprinted in 
1664. Flecknoe’s Love’s Kingdom (L.1.F. 1664), although 
scened in Cyprus, has an Arcadian atmosphere. Thomas 
Forde’s Love’s Labyrinth (printed 1661) boldly sets its 
“‘scoene” in ‘Arcadia,’ as does John Fountain’s The 
Rewards of Virtue (printed 1661). This interest in the 
pastoral form would appear to have lasted erratically through- 
out the century. We have records of old pastorals revived, 
and a number of early Restoration pastorals were re-worked 
later. Fountain’s drama gave Shadwell the basis for The 
Royal Shepherdess (L.1.F. Feb. 1668/9) and Fanshawe’s 
translation provided Settle with the model for his Pastor Fido 
already mentioned. The Constant Nymph, written by ‘a 
Person of Quality” and staged at D.G. about July, 1677, 
also attests to the popularity of the species during theacknow- 
ledged reign of the heroic play. 

The majority of these plays, however, were rather romantic 
than definitely pastoral in tone. Edward Howard’s two 
dramas, The Usurper (T.R. in B.St. Jan. 1663/4) and The 
Women’s Conquest (L.I.F.c. Nov. 1670) are of this style. The 
first is set in Sicily and mingles in a peculiar manner allegoric 
political reference and romantic story. In it Damocles, Hugo 
de Petra and Cleomenes shroud under thin veils the figures 
of Oliver Cromwell, Peters and Monk. The scene of the 
other is Scythia, but a Scythia much alike to the Arcadia of 
Shadwell and others. The comic part here is sustained by 
Foscaris, a gentleman who has left his wife but who “longs 
for” her “after he has parted with her,” and by Andrages, 
‘another Husband, who loves his Wife so well that he cannot 
part with her, though she seems to provoke him to it.” 


OTHER TYPES OF TRAGEDY 129 


Generally the plot is dull, but the language in places rises 
above the mediocre. 

Of similar nature are Sir William Killigrew’s three tragi- 
comedies. Sir William Killigrew, like D’Avenant, was of the 
older age. Probably only one of his four plays was ever acted 
on the stage: both from their manner of printing and from 
their style they seem to have been intended for closet dramas. 
The Seege of Urbin (1666) is one fantastic story of romance, 
villainy, duelling, fighting, jealousy and love. Ormasdes 
(1664), called later Love and Friendship, is scened in Cytherea, 
and is, unlike the former which is in prose, written in blank 
verse, with very occasional lapses into rime. It is a love 
tragedy in which complicated emotions arise out of the 
passion of Cleandra, Queen of Cytherea, for her general, 
Ormasdes, who is loved by and who loves Valeriana, Queen of 
Treconia (not the King, as inthe list of dramatis personae). The 
sick scene in Act v is rather well conceived, where Ormasdes 
sleeps by the couch of Valeriana. Selindra (T.R. in V.St., 
March 1661/2) is set in Byzantium and is highly romantic. In 
it, Astella, princess of Hungary, disguises herself as Selindra, 
while her brother, Polinesso, likewise changes his personality, 
apparently by the use of a periwig and a patch over one eye. 

The two tragi-comedies of Sir Robert Stapylton have also 
much of the same characteristics, The Slighted Maid (L.1.F. 
Feb. 1662/3) being scened in an exceedingly nebulous. 
Naples, and The Stepmother (L.1.F. c. Nov. 1663) in a no 
less nebulous province of early Britain. In both the names: 
of the dramatis personae are Arcadian, Iberio and Pyramena, 
Filamor and Pontia. Both plays are full of masques?, and 
both are tricked out with musical additions, ‘‘ The Instru- 
mental, Vocal, and Recitative Musick” of the former being 
““composed by Mr Banister,” one of the principal royal 


1 This play is interesting for the preface in defence of tragi-comedies, 
and against heroic dramas and end-stopped verse. This is indeed more 
“a Discourse, or Essay on Dramatick Poesie, then a Preface to a Play.” 
There are in addition no less than three prologues—one spoken by Under- 
hill, Angel and Nokes, in condemnation of “ Scaramouchos, and fack 
Puddings,” a second by Jonson’s shade, and a third more regular. 

2 'There are at least three in each. 


NRD 9 


130 TRAGEDY 


violinists. Both are very moral in tone, and both have an 
entire absence of any psychological sense—the marvellous 
conversion of the ‘“‘stepmother” being typical of all the 
characters represented in each. 

Mrs Behn’s The Dutch Lover (D.G. Feb. 1672/3) might 
be taken as a tragi-comedy variant of the Spanish intrigue 
type of comedy, but her The Fore’d Marriage, or, The Fealous 
Bridegroom (L.1.F. Dec. 1670) may fairly be styled a romantic 
serio-drama. The scene of the latter is laid in France, but a 
France peopled with Philanders and Galateas—mythical as 
Arcadia. The purpose of the play is a solemn one. It conveys 
a moral precept, or thought at least—and for that is valuable 
as a vague premonition of graver eighteenth century senti- 
mental comedies to comet. 

A play of much less interest is The Amorous Prince, or, 
The Curious Husband (L.1.F. c. May 1671) set in an equally 
mythical Florence, and approaching again towards the pas- 
toral style. It has a mixture of romantic sentiment and 
intrigue, but has no dramatic or literary value when com- 
pared with The Fore’d Marriage’. 

Tragi-comedy was also touched in this period by Dryden 
in The Rival Ladies, in Secret Love and in Marriage a la 
Mode, but those three plays have so much of a comic element 
in them that they may more fittingly be considered among the 
comedies proper. Crowne approached the type more seriously 
in his fuliana, or, The Princess of Poland (L.1.F.c. Aug. 1671). 
This play, in its dull manner, attempts at emotion which, 
however, runs to nothing but rant. A single example will 
suffice. “Tl run and kill him!” cries Alexey, to which 


Paulina answers: 
No, let me alone! 


Pll kill him, but it shall be with Torments! 
Steel, Poison, Fire, Racks, Scorpions, Hell! 
Oh me unfortunate !3 


1 It is based partly on the tale of the curioso impertinente. The romantic 
plot deals with the love of the Prince of Florence for the fair (and high- 
born) shepherdess, Chloris, The intrigue concerns Antonio, the jealous 
husband, who sets Alberto, in love with Ismena, to tempt Clarina, his 
wife. Of a similar tone to this play is the worthless play of Mrs Boothby, 
Marcelia, or, The Treacherous Friend (T.R. in B.St. c. Aug. 1669). 

2 See also infra, p. 255. Ss iit. 


OTHER TYPES OF TRAGEDY 131 


Rant such as this fills the play, together with improbable 
incidents and unnatural valour and miraculous escapes, so 
that the whole appears to us as it does to the Landlord at the 
close of the piece: 

What! I warrant this young Man is that young Man’s Wife: 
why, sure my House was enchanted to Day, lodg’d Princes and 
Dukes, like Mummers and Masqueraders; and Women and 
Wenches in men’s Cloaths, and Cloak-bags, and Scufflings, and 
they kill one another, and they’re alive again, and this, and that, 
and I know not what. Here’s work indeed! 

A not unfitting close to this period of Restoration tragi- 
comedy. 


V. Tragedy and Opera: 1678-1700 

With the year 1678, as we have already noted, we move 
into a new era of dramatic productivity, the rimed tragedy 
dying a natural death of old age, and the pseudo-classic and 
Shakespearian elements rising gradually to a more dominant 
position. In studying, however, the tragedies written be- 
tween 1678 and 1700, we must take due notice of the fact 
that, while Shakespearian adaptations and classic restraint were 
assuming ever a larger and a larger place in the repertoire of 
the playhouses, the older elements represented in the heroic 
tragedy were by no means dead. Opera still flourished, and 
was embraced by both pseudo-classicist and by Shakespearian 
alike. George Granville, first baron Lansdowne, could write 
plays noticeable for their chill and at the same time pen a 
purely operatic British Enchanters (Haymarket, 1706): Dryden 
could turn from more or less chastened productions to present 
an Albion and Albanius (D.G. 1685). Moreover, the heroic 
atmosphere proper by no means perished when the year 1677 
saw the abandonment of rime. Not only did Lee, Settle and 
Tate continue to pour out plays which for all general purposes 
may be styled heroic, but even the classic Granville produced 
a tragedy which he styled by the symbolic title, Heroick Love 
(L.I.F. 1697). 

New forces at the same time were already at work, chief 
among which may be numbered that pathetic type, which, © 


9-2 


132 TRAGEDY 


weak in the seventeenth century, was destined to join forces 
with the sentimental theatre and dominate a great part of 
the productivity of the eighteenth century stage. ‘There is no 
possibility, of course, of keeping all these various old and new 
elements in water-tight compartments, but we can, largely, 
determine the type of a particular play by a reference to the 
pathetic, Shakespearian, operatic, heroic or classic school. 
First in point of importance, probably, because it was to 
develop along straight lines leading to Addison’s Cato and 
Johnson’s Irene, is the pseudo-classic movement, but it must 
be remembered that even in the chillest of late seventeenth 
century tragedies some of the tendencies of the heroic drama 
can usually be traced. We have already noted in the pre- 
ceding decades the stricter type of French drama cultivated 
in translations, and considerably ‘‘altered in its dress” by 
Roger Boyle, Earl of Orrery. The influence of Orrery was 
deeply marked on certain of the later classical plays, although 
there were some men who preferred to abandon even his 
example and pass to duller and less inspired realms. There 
were men among the pseudo-classicists who demanded the 
chillest of plot and of expression, who held frantically to the 
unities, who would permit none but two speaking characters 
on the stage at one time. Such ultra-classicism, however, was 
evidently never very popular. Rymer could not get his Edgar, 
or, The English Monarch acted, even although he called it 
“An Heroick Tragedy.” Filmer’s The Unnatural Brother 
(L.I.F. c. March 1697) was a failure, and the author in his 
preface definitely states his belief that this was due to the 
lack of stirring scenes and to the fact that there were never 
more than two or three speaking characters on the stage at 
one time, things for which he prided himself and in con- 
demning which he judged the audience showed a want of 
taste. The truth seems to be, that whatever dulness fashion 
may have cast on tragedy at any one time, the English 
audiences always desired to be aroused by something more 
than severe chill and classic calm. Dryden, Lee, Settle, Tate, 
nay Otway himself, knew what they were doing when they 
left the stricter classic school and chose rather to perpetuate 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 133 


the atmosphere of heroics or the atmosphere of Shakespeare. 
Out of some thirty-six tragedies produced on the stage be- 
tween 1678 and 1688 only one, the Sertorius (D.L. c. March, 
1679) of Bancroft is at all classic in this limited sense. Its 
lengthy soliloquies and its lack of action give it a calmness 
which marks it out as unique in the period!. That it was not 
successful may be presumed from the fact that it was never 
reprinted and that we have no record of any revival of it in 
the later years of the century. Out of over forty tragedies in 
the period extending from 1689 to the end of the century 
barely three or four written in the same style as this can be 
counted. Edward Filmer’s The Unnatural Brother has already 
been mentioned?, but even that play betrays some reminis- 
cences of the Elizabethan drama, just as does Congreve’s 
The Mourning Bride (L.1.F. 1697) where, set as it were to a 


1 The first scene is one long soliloquy, which I quote here because it 
seems to me to present some of the best dramatic blank verse, outside of 
Dryden’s, written in this age: 

**Cease, you Celestial Pow’rs, and give that Ease, 
Which, to obtain, I, with repeated Pray’rs, 

The bloud of Hecatombs, and Incense smoke, 

So oft have fill’d your Heav’ns; and bless the Man 
Which, from his Infancy to Autumn years, 
Subject to every Blast, has known the Fate 

Of greatness, or abjected Poverty. 

Oh, Marius, through what Paths Ambition led! 
But thou’rt no more; and Hell has left behind 

A Janus Fury, who, with Sword and Pen, 

Or Stabs, or to enevitable Fate thrusts on, 
Doom’d by Proscription, numbers to attend 

On gastly Death: while Slaughter, big with Blood, 
In Sanguine hue, and a 'T'yrannick Pace, 

Sweeps, like a Plague; and makes Rome’s Senate look 
Like Sons of Earth, scap’d from Deucalion’s flood... 
Yet, Gods, be kind, and Sylla’s brood shall know, 
He that, with Patience, can endure like Me, 

May weather out the Storm, and Victim make 
The over-daring Fool who hastes to meet 

(In Pompey) certain Fate; or Knowledge bought 
At dear Expence. Down, you rebellious wrongs; 
Incite me not to acts, that misbecome 

A Roman mind to bear: Take flight, my Soul, 

Into a Spere like thy essential make; 

That I may scatter into open Air 

The envious mischiefs which inviron me.” 

2 One act of this tragedy was reprinted and performed in Motteux’ 
The Novelty. 


134 TRAGEDY 


dim musical accompaniment, we have resuscitated before us 
all the incidentals which Ford and Webster drew upon tostir 
the minds of their audiences to horror. The air is dark and 
foreboding : there is the sound of tears behind the symphonies. 
In spite of what seems its calm, it inherits many of the 
tendencies of the older drama, and any worth that it may 
have for us to-day, any popularity it may have had in its own 
time, is due to these more native characteristics. We may say, 
indeed, looking upon the tragedy of 1678-1700 as a whole, 
that the theatre was in much the same position it held in 
1590, pseudo-classicists like Rymer condemning the popular 
plays, yet themselves unable to capture the attention or the 
sympathy of the public. In speaking of the classic movement 
during this time, we must remember that such classicism was 
largely a super-imposition: that the basis of the characters 
and of the language was nearer to Elizabethan or heroic types 
than to the model of the French stage. 

If we omit the Shakespeare adaptations, which obviously 
have a particular value of their own, the most outstanding 
thing in the tragic drama of 1678-1700 is the heroic note. 
By no means did Dryden throw off his rants and his stirring 
scenes when he deserted his long-loved mistress rime. In 
collaborating with Lee he chose Oedipus (D.G. c. Jan. 1679) 
as a subject, and in this drama, although he made use of the 
preceding plays of Sophocles, Seneca and Corneille, the 
scenic effects and the rants are connected more with The 
Conquest of Granada than with Cato. After a long silence, 
when in 1689 Dryden returned to the theatre with Don 
Sebastian, King of Portugal (D.L. Dec. 1689), he presented 
to the stage a theme of heroic ‘Love and Honour” replete 
with the usual ranting bombast. The preface indeed observes 
that “Love and Honour (the mistaken Topicks of Tragedy) 
were quite worn out” by the time of its appearance, but 
sufficient proofs remain to show that the elements of the 
heroic play lingered on in disguised but not unrecognisable 
forms. In this very same preface Dryden displays his in- 
debtedness to former models. There is a “roughness of 
the Numbers and Cadences...not casual, but so design’d”’: 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 135 


he has “‘not exactly kept to the three mechanick Rules of 
Unity” because ‘‘the Genius of the English cannot bear too 
regular a Play” and he has “‘observ’d that the English will 
not bear a thorow Tragedy; but are pleas’d, that it shou’d 
be lightned with Under-Parts of Mirth.” There was no man 
more capable of analysing the tendencies of his age than 
Dryden, and he has here shown us in direct words the ten- 
dencies of the drama of 1689. This play of Don Sebastian, 
along with Cleomenes, the Spartan Heroe (D.L. April 1692) 
displays clearly in creative form the strength and the power 
of the older elements, showing how beautifully these could 
be joined with the slight chastening tendency of the age. 
Dryden’s last play, also, a tragi-comedy styled Love Trium- 
phant, or, Nature wiil prevail (D.L. 1693) may be taken as 
representing a union of heroic valour! and of low comedy. 
It failed?, not because of the inclusion of the former, but 
because the characters are unnaturally and artificially drawn. 
The critics have probably been too scathing on this drama, 
but truly the sudden change of Veramond’s mood in the fifth 
act is nothing short of ridiculous. Only in single scenes does 
it rise to anything of a height of grandeur. 

Very little chastening is to be seen in the works of the other 
tragic dramatists of the period. Lee, with whom Dryden 
collaborated in The Duke of Guise (D.L. Nov. 1682)%, a 
political play* which stands out for hardly anything save its 
fine song, ‘‘Tell me, Thyrsis, tell your Anguish, Why you 


1 There are in it several scenes in rime. 

2 Cf. letter dated Mar. 22, 1693/4, quoted by Scott and Saintsbury 
in their edition of Dryden (vu1I. 369-70). 

3 For the date see the Bibliography in Appendix C. 

4 The political parallel gave rise to not a little controversy. In 1683 
appeared The True History of the Duke of Guise, and a trifle later the same 
year Some Reflections upon the Pretended Parallel in the Play call’d 'The 
Duke of Guise, a work ascribed to Hunt and Settle. To this Dryden 
replied with The Vindication or the Parallel of the French Holy League 
and the English League and Covenant turn’d into a seditious Libell against 
the King and his Royal Highness by Thomas Hunt and the Authors of the 
Reflections upon the Pretended Parallel in the Play call’d The Duke of 
Guise (1683). See also the single page folio sheet entitled Solin Opposition 
to Saturn, or, A Short Return to the Tragedy call’d The Duke of Guise 


(1683). 


136 TRAGEDY 


sigh and why you languish,” almost certainly Dryden’s, con- 
~ tinued in blank verse the old themes of court corruption and 
of pure and impure love. Caesar Borgia, the Son of Pope 
Alexander VI (D.G. c. Sept. 1679) for which Dryden wrote 
the prologue and in which Betterton sustained the title-role, 
represents the refashioning from Lee’s somewhat morbid 
imagination of the terrible court of renascent Rome. Ex- 
ternally it is but a gruesome murder drama, filled with the 
true ‘‘heroic” exclamations, with little to stay our attention. 
Bellamira, the innocent victim of this hotbed of lust and of 
bloodthirstiness, we somehow cannot feel for: she is too weak 
and ephemeral. In Caesar, however, Lee has evidently tried 
to present what is rarely seen in Restoration tragedies—a 
complex character. In him we see, not the nauseous struggle 
of love and honour, but of manliness and vicious influence, 
of conscience warring against the pernicious atmosphere in 
which he has been bred. This complexity in places is not 
badly worked out, particularly in the second act, where the 
action and the dialogue, from the scene between Orsino and 
Bellamira to that between Caesar and Machiavel, rise to very 
near poetic heights. 

Theodosius, or, The Force of Love (D.G. c. Sept. 1680) im- 
mediately followed this terrible tragedy. The dedication be- 
trays Lee’s natural sympathy towards a certain part of classic 
art, although in the body of the play there are numerous 
Shakespearian reminiscences. 

With Hounds that open’d like Thessalian Bulls, 


Like Tygers flu’d, and sanded as the Shore, 
With Ears, and Chests, that dash’d the Morning Dew...1 


is quite obviously a direct imitation from a famous passage 
in A Midsummer Night’s Dream. In the development of the 
plot, in which the weak-minded Theodosius leaves the care 
of his kingdom ever more and more in the hands of his sister, 
Pulcheria, Lee was evidently striving once again to devise 
a further opportunity for the displayal of complexity of 
character. Pulcheria, indeed, is one of the few really artisti- 


ST: 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 137 


cally-drawn women figures of Restoration tragedy, a char- 
acter that inestimably raises in our eyes the worth of Lee as 
a dramatic poet. 

The same year saw Lucius Junius Brutus, Father of his 
Country (D.G. Dec. 1680), a play, that, taken along with the 
former one, displays well the onward development of the 
author’s dramatic skill. The plot is well-arranged, and fine 
emotional situations are carried out with not a small touch of 
genius. Tiberius and Vitellius enter in one scene: 

Tiberius: Hark, are we not pursu’d? 
Vitellius: No; ’tis the Tread 
Of our own Friends that follow in the dark...1 


Such is a true touch of dramatic poetry, and it is merely one 
of a number of hints of a brighter fire, circling chiefly around 
the figures of Titus, Brutus and Teraninta. In spite of the 
fact that love sways the whole piece, in the hard, excessive 
person of Brutus, in the loyal and loving Titus, in the de- 
generate Tiberius and in the clinging Teraminta, we are 
conveyed to a world that breathes of an inspiration far apart 
from Settle’s heroes and from Howard’s rants. We are there 
where poetry grips the sense, where the old Romans, even 
if in a seventeenth century dress, walk again the stony streets 
of a rock-built Capitol. 

It is with something of a sigh that one turns from this real 
triumph to the ineffectual and worthless The Princess of Cleve 
(D.G. c. 1681). This play, the plot of which is chaotic and 
the atmosphere corrupt, shows not the slightest hint even of 
poetic and true dramatic sentiment. Turning to it from the 
last-mentioned drama is like turning from a shaded but 
beautiful grove to a rotting dung-heap. Unfortunately, also, 
Constantine the Great (D.L. c. Dec. 1683) does not do much 
to heighten Lee’s position. Although it begins with a vision 
of the Cross, it deals mainly with the threadbare theme of 
the passion of a father and a son for one woman. Nor is this 
theme well worked out: the only scenes that have in them 
anything noteworthy are those few in which the unhappy 
Fausta appears. Both Constantine and Crispus are ephemeral 

PPIIY. 1s 


138 TRAGEDY 


figures, and Arius the villain is far too conventional to be 
considered worthy of detailed mention. Constantine, save for 
a poor Massacre of Paris (D.L. Oct. 1689)", was Lee’s last 
drama. Three years after the production of The Massacre 
of Paris, he died, leaving behind him a broken reputation. 
He had struck the chord of the poetic lyre with a sure hand, 
but somehow there were continual discords in his art. We 
are appalled at the contrast between his rants and his most 
pathetic and poetic passages. We stand aghast at the wild 
outflowings of words which but a touch would render into 
the most beautiful poetry. He had more enthusiasm than 
Dryden had, more, indeed, than had any writer since the death 
of Ford, but he lacked balance somewhere, lacked that power 
of control which lies behind all the highest art. I know of 
no more striking passage in the whole of Restoration tragedy 
than that scene, part of which has been already quoted above, 
in Gloriana, with its heart-dulled repetitions, yet Gloriana is 
not Venice Preserv’d precisely because it lacks the continued 
stress of the latter play. Lee flies to fall again, but Otway’s 
flights are steady as an eagle’s way. On the other hand, as I 
have endeavoured to show, Lee is of inestimable importance — 
in any attempt to divine the quality of the tragedy of his age. 
He was not only one of the chief of the rimed-heroic drama- 
tists, but he carried on the heroic tradition into his blank 
verse plays. He not only felt the touch of the classical move- 
ment, but went back for inspiration to Webster and to Ford 
and to Shakespeare. Above all we must bear in mind that 
his dramas were among the most popular of the time. Most 
of them were reprinted frequently, and, if we may judge by 
the numbers of copies now in existence, in fairly large 
editions. Next to Dryden, possibly, he was the most influ- 
ential man of his age. 

As in Dryden and in Lee, in Settle we can trace the con- 
tinuance of the heroic characteristics with elements political 
introduced to arouse contemporary interest. The Female 


a Several scenes of Acts 1 and 1v appeared in Act 11 of The Duke of 
Guise. The only really tragic elements in it are the relations between 
Guise and Marguerite, which work at the end to really dramatic intensity. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 139 


Prelate, Being the History of the Life and Death of Pope Joan 
(D.L. c. Sept. 1679) is a purely political or politico-religious 
drama, accorded a clamorous welcome by the Whigs, worked 
out, as far as such a thing could be, with fair skill’. In it 
Settle not only continues his strain of popular heroic senti- 
ment from The Empress of Morocco, but has evidently felt 
the impress of the new pathetic movement. He has so de- 
veloped the plot that we can feel a trifle of sympathy for the 
unfortunate Duke of Saxony and the miserable Angeline. An 
even poorer play is Fatal Love, or, The Forc’d Inconstancy 
(D.L. c. Sept. 1680). Based according to Langbaine on a 
Greek tale, it is interesting solely for the fact that it is a 
tragedy of horror, closing with a universal massacre, Lysandra 
alone remaining alive, apparently only for the purpose of 
speaking the epilogue?. 

As a kind of blank verse sequel to The Empress of Morocco, 
appeared about March 1682 at D.L., The Heir of Morocco, 
with the Death of Gayland, a play decidedly of the heroic 
species*. The prologue itself draws the attention of the 
audience to the fact that the author ‘“‘has his Play with Love 
and Honour cram’d.” Altomar is a pure “‘hero,” marvellous 
in battle, tender in love, merciful, gracious, constant: Artemira 
is a pure heroine: and Meroin a regular heroic villain. It is 
interesting to notice along with Dryden’s remark in the 
preface to Don Sebastian, the statement made in the epilogue 
to one of Settle’s later plays, The Ambitious Slave, or, A 
_ Generous Revenge (D.L. Feb. 1693/4) that this was an ‘‘ Out- 

of-Fashion” drama. It is possible that all that Dryden and 
Settle meant by these statements was that the cruder type of 
heroics was passing away, was being tempered by the incroach 
of pathetic motives. In any case the popularity of the heroic 


1 The piece is plainly anti-Catholic and unfair at that. It deals with 
the tale of ‘‘Pope Joan,” who for years was believed to have succeeded 
Leo IV to the pontificial chair in 855. Regarding the authenticity of this 
story, see Déllinger, J., Fables respecting the Popes of the Middle Ages 
(English trans. pp. 3-36). 

2 “In the Habit of a Nun.” 

3 Malone says it was acted on Mar. 11, 1681/2, under the title of 
The Emperor of Morocco. The prologue and the epilogue were published 
separately in 1682 under this title. 


ie TRAGEDY 


species did not seem to decline. Distress’d Innocence, or, The 
Princess of Persia (D.L. Oct. 1690) and The Ambitious Slave 
may be taken as pure examples of the heroic drama in a 
blank verse dress. The former, which was a success4, has 
some very good scenes between Hormidas and Cleomira, 
scenes which mingle the pathetic note with the heroic ardour. 
Unlike it, The Ambitious Slave was a failure. It is a kind of 
pot-pourri of revenge, ambition, intrigue and heroic love— 
a sort of reminiscence of the rimed outbursts of the second 
decade of the Restoration, allied to elements taken from a 
certain type of Elizabethan drama. It was no doubt the lack 
of the pathetic that caused its want of appeal. Settle con- 
tinued writing on into the second decade of the eighteenth 
century, but this was his last experiment in the heroic 
style. 

Many others, however, in the eighties and the nineties of 
the century continued in the same strain. Crowne’s works 
have no great literary value, but in this connection they have 
a very great historical interest. The Ambitious Statesman, or, 
The Loyal Favourite (D.L. c. March 1679) in spite of the 
fact that its author considered it “‘the most vigorous of all” 
his ‘‘ foolish Labours?,” did not really deserve anything more 
than the cool reception which was accorded it on the stage. 
Professedly based on history, it is purely unhistorical, filled 
with stock characters that hardly ever rouse us to even a 
momentary interest. Thyestes (D.L. c. March 1681) followed 
two years later, and received a very favourable welcome. As 
in the case of Oedipus, this reception no doubt manifests the 
vitiated state of the public taste. Even in a play such as this, 
anti-Catholicism had to be introduced, even here indecent 
sentiments had to be advanced‘, and what with these and 
with the bloody horrors of Senecan and of Restoration 
imagination, the play exceeds even the nightmares of John 

1 Cf. the dedication. 

2 Preface. 

3 Cf. the epilogue: 


“We shewed you in the Priests today, a true 
And perfect Picture of Old Rome and new.” 


* Cf. “ The Song at Atreus his Banquet” inserted in the play. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 141 


Ford and falls far below Ford’s work in poetic and dramatic 
power. Crowne seems to have been particularly attracted by 
subjects taken from the lives of the Roman and other em- 
perors, for he followed Thyestes with no less than three 
similar themes, Darius, King of Persia (D.L. c. May 1688), 
Regulus (D.L. June 1692) and Caligula (D.L. c. March 1698)!. 
All of these show the same characteristics—the attempt at 
a classical calm and yet the retention of motives taken directly 
from the heroic rimed tragedy of the past decades. Darius 
is the weakest and least interesting of these three, in spite of 
its Persian setting. Regulus, in blank verse, deals with the 
various machinations of love and ambition in Carthage, and 
ends with the death of Regulus and with the running mad 
of his wife, Fulvia. As a whole it may be counted a dull late 
heroic tragedy. Caligula has a special point of interest in 
that it is written in rime and otherwise is a definitely heroic 
drama in subject and in treatment, full of rants and bombast, 
but not uninteresting if one can sufficiently disengage oneself 
from the rather humpty-dumpty verse. Valerius here is the 
usual noble general: Cesonia the typical heroine: Caligula 
the weak king—all stock characters of the old stage. From 
two other points of view this production is worthy of atten- 
tion. In the first place, the preface shows the effect of the 
moral change in the age, or at least of the conventional veneer 
of morality which was but cloaking unbridled licence, for 
there we discover Crowne valiantly defending himself against 
the supposition that he had used “‘ Baudy” to gain theatrical 
success in his former plays and apologising at the same time 
for the over-generous presentation of atheism in The De- 
struction of Jerusalem. In the second place, from a scenical 
point of view, the play is noticeable for the fact that there 
are five (or possibly only four) changes of scene throughout 
the whole of the piece—a manifest sign of the influence both 
of the new stage conditions and of the classic tendencies of 
the time. Otherwise, however, the tragedy might have been 


1 'These themes were evidently popular; cp. Dryden’s Cleomenes. The 
popularity was possibly due to the revivals of Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar, 
Coriolanus and similar dramas. 


142 TRAGEDY 


written in 1676 instead of 1698. All through the dialogue 
there are scattered specimens of the true heroic diction. In 
the first act Caligula mentions to Cesonia the subject of 
tombs: 
Cesonia: Sir, why do you name Tombs? 
Caligula: Does it become 
A Heroine to startle at a 'Tomb?1— 


a question which reveals the highly self-conscious and un- 
natural psychology of the doughty persons of the Drawcansir 
theatre. Later in the play, Cesonia shows to us that she 
truly has no such mean qualms: 


“The least offensive Vapour strikes me dead,” she says, 
‘““T can endure no Sweets but what excel; 
Yet of dead Enemies I like the Smell?.” 


The tastes of some of these heroines are certainly peculiar, 
to say the least. As for Caligula, he vaunts himself in true 
heroic proportions, and classical legend is called in to support 
his diction: 

Wou’d to the Gods all Rome had but one Neck, 

That I might cut off Millions at a Blow’. 


One of the few other rimed tragedies of the age is Boadicea, 
Queen of Britain (L.1.F. 1697) written by Charles Hopkins, 
of which the only scenes worth noticing are those between 
Cassabelan and Camilla. These mingle the heroic with the 
pathetic style so rapidly coming into fashion. Previous to 
this tragedy, Hopkins had written one other, Pyrrhus, King 
of Epirus (L.1.F. c. August, 1695). Written in blank verse, 
it is a very humanised heroic drama without any rants and 
without much pother of mixed-up loves—turning as it does 
mainly on the faithful passion of Pyrrhus for his wife, 
Lanassa. 

Besides the Boadicea of Hopkins and the Caligula of 
Crowne there were at least two other rimed or partly rimed 
tragedies produced during the last years of the century, one, 
Herod the Great (printed 1694) by the Earl of Orrery, and 


ea aT ae Rh 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 143 


the other, The Rival Sisters, or, The Violence of Love (D.L. 
Oct. 1695) by Robert Gould. Although the first is thoroughly 
heroic in subject matter and in treatment, the latter can 
hardly be styled heroic. It is really more of a domestic play 
based on a theme not unlike that of Shirley’s The Maid’s 
Revenge. It deals with the forced, or rather cheated, marriage 
of Antonio to Catalina, whose sister, Berinthia, the husband 
really loves, and on the miseries consequent on that. The 
whole is very well executed, and the marriage scene with its 
accompaniment of thunder and lightning rises to a truly 
tragic height. Unknown though it be to-day, this drama 
is decidedly one of the best tragedies of the end of the 
century and deserves more attention than hitherto it has 
received. 

In blank verse the heroic note, mingled with the pathetic 
atmosphere coming into fashion, was struck once more by 
Thomas Southerne. His first play, The Loyal Brother, or, 
The Persian Prince (D.L. c. March 1682), founded on a 
French romance, Tachmas, is spoilt by the political reference 
which seemed inevitable in any plays written about the years 
1681 to 1685. Here Shaftesbury is but thinly disguised as 
Ismail, and the Duke of York even less thinly disguised as 
Tachmas. Otherwise the play is thoroughly heroic. Tachmas, 
the noble general and loyal brother, lives to enjoy Semanthe 
whom the Sophy freely gives him, and Ismail, the villain, 
meets a well-merited death. Ranting exclamations proper to 
the Drawcansir school fill the tragedy. The only part that 
breaks new ground is that scene in the second act, between 
Semanthe and Tachmas, which breathes an air of sylvan 
calm and of blissful peace foreign to the dramas of Dryden 
and of Orrery. 

Most of Southerne’s other serious plays are less heroic than 
this initial attempt, but in all the influence of Dryden and 
others of his school is to be felt. The Disappointment, or, 
The Mother in Fashion (D.L. c. April 1684) is styled a “Play”: 
for the plot Southerne has borrowed from the tale of the 
curioso impertinente and from Measure for Measure. Although 
it deals mainly with the libertine captain Alberto and with 


144 TRAGEDY 


the odious Mother-bawd, it never once offends our sensi- 
bilities by indecency or vulgar suggestion. The chaste 
Erminia is a decidedly “moral” type, and, while from a 
modern standpoint we may censure Juliana, we feel pleased 
when we see that weak if venturesome lady creep back to 
Alberto’s heart in the end. With this play, Southerne first 
made his great and definite break with the pure heroics, 
pointing forward to what was to be his great endeavour in 
the future, the development of a new type of sentimental, 
moral, problem dramas. Closely associated with the rising 
sentimental school we must also number The Fatal Marniage, 
or, The Innocent Adultery (D.L. Feb. 1693/4), another 
“Play” which won a continental celebrity through the French 
translation in Le Thédtre anglais (1746) and through the 
German rendering by Von Schréder in 17921. Intrinsically 
it is a really fine serious drama, although to our modern taste 
it may appear a trifle artificial. The sentiment in places rings 
false and many of the actions do not seem to be motived 
sufficiently. The language, too, is peculiarly erratic. At one 
moment we may meet with the most execrable blank verse 
and at the next be confronted with bursts of passionate 
exclamation that remind us of Ford and Webster at their 
best. Such is that passage in the last act when Isabella in 
her misery cries out: 


Oh! they tear me! Cut off my Hands— 
Let me leave something with him— 
They’ll clasp him fast. 


In a strange and artistic manner here Southerne has united 
the spirit of the tragedy of blood with the spirit of the new 
sentimental and pathetic drama, still with a few reminiscences 
of the heroic stage. Sentiment rather than horror, however, 
looms over the fatal bride, tossed on a tormented sea of 
diabolically-human intrigue?. 

‘The same atmosphere is once more conjured up in Oroonoko, 


: Garrick altered it in 1757 and Kemble in 1814. 
* It is based on a novel of Mrs Behn—The History of the Nun, or, The 


ee ik oe (see Summers, Montague, in Mod. Lang. Rev. April, 
1916). 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 145 


or, The Royal Slave (D.L. c. Nov. 1695)1. It, too, was based 
on a novel by Mrs Behn and enjoyed a success hardly less 
than that of The Fatal Marriage*. In spite of a certain 
theatricality which is so apparent to us in all Restoration 
dramatic productions, this tragi-comedy is a decided triumph. 
It is true that Oroonoko himself is rather much of a stock 
love-and-honour hero, but even admitting that, the sense of 
tragedy, with the central figure and his one tragic flaw, if 
weakly carried out reminds us strongly of the creations of 
Otway. Imoinda is a delightful picture of a poor Indian maid, 
a figure interesting as a premonition of those ‘‘noble savages” 
cultivated by the followers of Rousseau in the eighteenth 
century. She stands out as a frail flower bent by the rude winds 
of civilised perversion and vice. The sense of pathos in this 
play is so great, the cumulative effect is so fine, that it is indeed 
a pity that the final lines should destroy the spirit of the whole: 


And if he went astray, 

There’s Mercy still above to set him right, 
But Christians, guided by the heavenly Ray, 
Have no Excuse if we mistake our Way. 


Southerne, after the production of Oroonoko, wrote only 
three more plays, but these, although interesting, cannot be 
dealt with here, produced as they were in the eighteenth 
century. The fact that Southerne was one of the few drama- 
tists whose work extends over the border of the two centuries 
and the fact that he mingled in such an artistic way the various 
elements heroic, Shakespearian and pathetic make him one 
of the most interesting figures of the tragedy of the time. 
He stands with Rowe as one of the chief influences on the 
development of the later theatre. 

Numbers of other less well-known dramatists followed in 
the footsteps of Lee and of Southerne in adopting the heroic 

1 It is advertised as about to be published in The London Gazette for 
Dec, 12-14, 1695. 

2 It was altered by Hawkesworth in 1759, and again in 1760 (twice, 
once anonymously and once by Francis Gentleman). The Prince of Angola. 
A Tragedy altered (by J. Ferrier)...and adapted to the Circumstances of the 


Present Time appeared in 1788. The comic portion was used in 1742 
for a farce called The Sexes mis-match’d, 


NRD 10 


146 TRAGEDY 


drama, sometimes in its pure form, sometimes with the 
introduction of more novel elements. Whitaker’s The Con- 
spiracy, or, The Change of Government (D.G. c. March 1680) 
has a certain interest as being the sole rimed play produced 
between the abandonment of rime in 1677 and the appearance 
of the little group of rimed plays mentioned above. It is a 
sort of Fordian variant of the heroic tragedy, ‘‘Death” in 
person making his appearance in the first and last acts, and 
rooms ‘hung all with black,” skulls and coffins being plenti- 
fully utilised. The anonymous Romulus and Hersilia, or, The 
Sabine War (D.G. c. August 1682) is no more valuable from 
an intrinsic point of view, but is interesting as being written 
for many scenes in prose (an anticipation of Lillo in that 
regard) although ‘“‘Plain Love and Honour,” as the prologue 
informs us, is the theme. Other heroic plays of the time may 
be rapidly passed over. Saunders’ Tamerlane the Great (D.L. 
c. March 1681) is of some importance because of its subject 
matter. It is interesting to note that the author appears to 
have been entirely ignorant of the famous work of Marlowe on 
the same theme, confessing only that he had heard mention 
of some “‘Cock-pit Play The Scythian Shepherd, or, Tamer- 
lane the Great,” which, he deemed, was of no great value. 
Of no interest as a play, but of value when we consider the 
other plays of its author, is Cyrus the Great, or, The Tragedy 
of Love (L.1.F. c. April 1695) by John Banks. In spite of 
the fact that Banks embraced the distinctly domestic drama 
of the time, and in spite of the fact that in the thunder and 
lightning and in the witches’ song he has a clear imitation 
of Macbeth, Cyrus is just a blank verse variation of an heroic 
motif from Le Grand Cyrus of Madeleine de Scudéry. It is 
full of horrors. In the first scene is a battle-field with dead 
bodies lying around, one of which “‘carkasses” is revived by a 
witch, and in the last act is a terrible picture of a mutilated 
body, a picture which Sir A. W. Ward justly reprobates. 
A slightly chillier play of a similar type is The Treacherous 
Brothers (D.L. c. Dec. 1689) by Powell the actor. This is 
a very ambitious tragedy, in would-be poetical language, but 
fails to catch our emotions. The action of Menaphon and of 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 147 


Orgillus in sending the Queen and Ithocles to sleep and thus 
stirring the King’s jealousy against them is barely motived. 
Orgillus has no object for doing so at all, and Menaphon is 
merely angry because the Queen, Semanthe, had rejected his 
unlawful love. This tragedy and Alphonso, King of Naples 
(D.L. c. Dec. 1690) show well the chastening of the heroic 
element of the earlier years and the re-introduction of an 
Elizabethan atmosphere. Alphonso seems to aim at a saner 
tragic type. The pathos arising out of the misfortunes and 
the deaths of Cesario and Urania is well portrayed, and the 
author all through has evidently been striving to arouse our 
sympathies and our emotions. With The Royal Mischief 
(L.I.F. c. April 1696) of Mrs Manley, we are back again at 
the Fordian blood tragedy, again with elements of heroics, 
not only in the Eastern setting but in the language of the 
piece. It seems to have met with some opposition from “‘the 
warmth in it’”—an opposition not ill-directed. Two other 
typically heroic plays must close this brief account. The first 
of these, the Victorious Love (D.L. 1698) of William Walker, 
is poor enough with its ghosts and its priest scenes, but the 
Heroick Love, or, The Cruel Separation (L.1.F.c. Dec. 1697) 
of George Granville, Lord Lansdowne, may not be dismissed 
so easily. Downes tells us that it was well acted and suc- 
cessful, and, indeed, for its type, it deserved to be. As a 
dramatic work of art it may seem to fail in many particulars 
and certainly wants that essential element of individuality, 
but, in a fairly calm kind of way, it presents a very fine and 
beautiful development of the Drydenesque tragedy. It has 
no characters worth speaking of save Chruseis, yet the atmo- 
sphere of the whole, in which heroic ardour is softened by a 
classical influence, is well deserving of our critical attention. 

Besides the pure type of heroic tragedy exemplified so well 
in this last play, besides the heroic play modified by elements 
taken directly from previous Elizabethan example, it is quite 
natural that there should be a number of dramas wherein 
heroics should be amalgamated with operatic tendencies. Of 
such a nature are the two dramas of Charles Gildon, a play- 
wright who carried on his work into the eighteenth century. 


Io-2 


148 TRAGEDY 


Phaeton, or, The Fatal Divorce (D.L. 1698) is a mixture of 
Quinault and Euripides1, with reminiscences of the English 
heroic species. The unities are preserved, but the spirit is 
romantic, with typical ghosts and groves and love-scenes. 
From the prologue we learn that many of its “Ornaments,” 
that is to say scenery and costumes, had been brought over 
‘from France”? as in the case of earlier operatic productions. 
The Roman Bride’s Revenge (D.L. 1697) is also a variant on 
the heroic style. Martian may stand as the typical hero-lover: 
Portia as the usual heroine: and the Emperor as the wicked 
potentate of the early Restoration school: but classical and 
operatic elements are worked in here, too, so that the play 
differs little in atmosphere from the more decidedly operatic 
Phaeton. 

Regular opera was, naturally enough, exceedingly popular 
among the audiences of the last years of the century, although 
the managers looked on it with suspicion because of the 
additional cost it entailed on the playhouses. Dryden’s 
Albion and Albanius (D.G. June 1685), planned as a vast piece 
of royal flattery, is finest of these, although, because of 
political disturbances, it was something of a failure on the 
stage. Planned originally as a kind of symbolic history of the 
reign of Charles and in this form put on rehearsal, it was just 
about to be performed publicly when Charles died. It was 
then enlarged so as to embrace Albanius, who is James. On 
June 3, 1685, it was put on the stage, and was promising a 
lengthy run, when on the sixth night news came of the 
landing of Monmouth. Hurriedly the ill-fated thing was laid 
aside?. Nearly all the characters in this opera are allegorical. 
Augusta is London: Thamesis appears in person, as also 
does Democracy, symbolising the Republicans, while Zelota 
stands for the hypocritical ‘‘zealots” of contemporary times. 

1 The preface confesses that the author had started his scheme from 
the French and had finished by borrowing hints from the Greek. Quin- 
ault’s opera of Phaéton appeared in 1683 with music by Lully. It was the 
first opera seen by Louis XV. Cf. Delandine, A. F., Bibliographie Drama- 
tique (Paris, N.D.), p. 441. The music to the English version was by 
Daniel Purcell. 


* See Downes, p. 40: the exact date is derived from a MS. note by 
Luttrell, and by an entry in the Lord Chamberlain’s records. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 149 


Albion, clearly, is Charles, and Albanius has been already 
indicated as James. Monk is presented under the faint dis- 
guise of Archon. Compared with other operas of the age 
Albion and Albanius is a triumph: in the shorter measures of 
this play Dryden has excelled himself: 

See the God of Seas attends Thee, 

Nymphs Divine, a Beauteous Train; 

All the calmer gales befriend Thee 

In thy passage o’re the Main; 

Every Maid her Locks is binding, 

Every Triton’s Horn is winding, 

Welcome to the watry Plain. 

This opera Dryden followed with another, King Arthur, 
or, The British Worthy (D.G.c. May 1691). His former work 
had been set by Grabut, but for the score to this he turned 
to Purcell. With Purcell’s music and with the dances arranged 
by Priest, it gained a tumult of praise in its own day, praise 
that did not, for a hundred years, die away1. Written in 
blank verse that breaks at times into aria, it is much more 
beautiful as a whole than Albion and Albanius, although none 
of the lyrical measures rise to the level of a number in the 
former opera. The most lovely of these lyrical measures here 
is the song in the last act: 

Fairest Isle, all Isles Exceiling, 
Seat of Pleasures, and of Loves; 
Venus here will chuse her Dwelling, 
And forsake her Cyprian Groves. 
Cupid, from his Fav’rite Nation, 
Care and Envy will Remove; 
Fealousie, that poisons Passion, 
And Despair that dies for Love. 
Gentle Murmurs, sweet Complaining, 
Sighs that blow the Fire of Love; 
Soft Repulses, kind Disdaining, 
Shall be all the Pains you prove. 
Every Swain shall pay his Duty, 
- Grateful every Nymph shall prove; 
And as these Excel in Beauty, 
Those shall be Renown’d for Love. 


1 Tt was still played in the nineteenth century. 


150 TRAGEDY 


Had all operas such beautiful libretti as these two have, there 
would be small cause for complaint. 

Another opera similar to King Arthur, is the Brutus of 
Alba, or, Augusta’s Triumph (D.G. c. Oct. 1696), a play 
published by Powell and Verbruggen, not, as some have said, 
an alteration of Tate’s similarly named play, but rather a 
sequel to that!. This opera has all the scenical devices dear 
to the machinist’s heart. There is in it a magic wand that 
can call up a misty cloud and then change it into a great 
windmill from whence come millers and country wenches to 
dance, turn it again into a witch from whom issue devils to 
join in a romp with the aged beldame and finally cause the 
whole to vanish. While the general level of the dialogue and 
the songs is much lower than that of Dryden’s opera, both 
blank verse and aria are by no means to be despised. Brutus 
of Alba is among the really interesting productions of the age. 

The ‘“‘moral”’ tone of the time found its way even into this 
species of dramatic production in the opera of Thomas 
D’Urfey, Cinthia and Endimion, or, The Loves of the Deities 
(D.L. c. Sept. 1697), which is a kind of ‘‘morality” play of 
gods and goddesses, “‘morally fashioning the Vertues and 
Vices of Human Nature.”’ From the preface one learns that 
it was written some three years previously, but that its public 
exhibition was delayed by the death of Queen Mary. It is by 
no means contemptible, for D’Urfey had the true flair of the 
song-writer. He has presented here one truly beautiful lyric: 


From the vast Empire of the Sea below?. 


Elements of disintegration are very visible in the kindred 
work of Elkanah Settle, who, besides adapting Philaster into 
an operatic shape, produced two interesting operas, one 
tending towards modern pantomime and the other towards 
musical comedy. 

The Fairy Queen (D.G. April 1692) is derived directly 
from A Midsummer Night’s Dream, but has such scenic and 
other alterations that the whole is completely transformed. 


1 ‘This was set to music by Daniel Purcell. 
2 Act Ir. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 151 


There are masques of allegoric figures, such as Night and 
Sleep': there are masques of Shepherds and of Shepherd- 
esses: there are masques of the Seasons*: and there are 
““Chinese Dances,” in which, among many other things, are 
introduced six monkeys. Likewise set by Purcell and with 
the dances arranged by Priest, it does not seem to have been 
such a success as the productions of Dryden and of D’Urfey, 
although why this should have been we cannot tell‘. It 
certainly had all the scenic attractiveness of the other pieces, 
and even in modern times when revived was welcomed en- 
thusiastically5. From a stage point of view it is valuable as 
containing the earliest example of a “‘transformation scene,” 
in the modern sense, of which I know. In the fifth act enters 
“a Machine drawn by Peacocks.” These latter spread their 
tails until they fill the entirety of the stage: and then the whole 
suddenly vanishes and becomes transmogrified into some- 
thing quite different®. 

If pantomime saw a premonition in The Fairy Queen, comic 
opera took its rise with The World in the Moon (D.G. c. May 
1697), set to music by Daniel Purcell and by Clark. Unlike 
the authors of Psyche and of Circe, Settle has here flung off 
all Gallic tradition in stage craft,and boasts of having “‘ thrown 
away all our old French Lumber, our Clouds of Clouts, and 
set Theatrical Paintings at a much fairer Light’. Contem- 
poraries, including the author himself, seem to have been at 
a loss where to classify the play. Called an “‘opera” and a 
“comedy” by Settle himself®, it was styled by Gildon a 
“comical opera?” and by Whincop a ‘‘dramatic-comic- 
opera!°.” In effect it is a kind of hybrid, alternating the most 
wondrous of scenic effects, with scenes of real-life comedy. 


PY. aOXEr- ar avi * Downes, p. 43. 

5 The music, edited by Shedlock, J. S., was published by the Purcell 
Society in 1903 (Works of Henry Purcell, vol. 02); 

6 The first Quarto was printed in 1692: another “with Alterations” 
appeared in 1693. The alterations consist mainly of the addition of a 
few songs. The B.M. copy of Q 2 is not so defective as Browne, F. C., 
avers (Elkanah Settle, Chicago, 1910, p. 95). It lacks only four pages. 

7 Cf. dedication to Christopher Rich and the epilogue. 

8 The latter appears over the dramatis personae. 

® Gildon’s Langbaine, p. 124. 

10 List of all the Dramatic Authors in Scanderbeg (1747), p. 283. 


152 TRAGEDY 


For the former, apart from the examples given before in this 
work!, one may note the Dance of the ‘Green Men” in Act 1, 
the entertainment at Cinthia’s Court in Act 11 and the scenic 
wonders of Act Iv (a “Prospect of Terras Walks on Eight 
several Stages”). As regards the latter ingredient, the comic 
scenes are decidedly interesting, taking the form of a “re- 
hearsal” of the opera itself. In Act 11 Wildblood, Stanmore 
and Tom sit with Jo Haynes on the stage watching the per- 
formance, their remarks being exceedingly interesting and 
valuable from an historical point of view. Altogether the 
piece deserved that success which, we are informed, it 
received. 

A consideration of Settle’s operas has led us almost to the 
bounds of pure comedy. It will now be necessary to turn 
back from the musical drama to trace the development of 
the more pronounced Elizabethan and pathetic plays of the 
age. Both of these we have already met with, mingled with 
elements heroic: my endeavour now will be to indicate, first 
of all those tragedies which are more particularly to be 
associated with the rise of sentimental drama and the bour- 
geois tragedy, and secondly those productions which seem 
to be related more nearly either to Webster or Shakespeare 
than to Orrery and Dryden. 

The two groups are not mutually exclusive. It is quite 
evident, even from a cursory glance at the domestic and 
pathetic dramas of the time, that the authors of such tragedies 
were influenced directly by a new reading of Shakespeare 
and of other Elizabethan dramatists. The same men who 
were chief in the school of pathos wrote also more distinctly 
“Elizabethan” tragedies: Otway gave on the one hand The 
Orphan, on the other, Venice Preserv’d. 

A consideration of Otway’s work shows us also that we 
must not expect to find heroics entirely absent from the most 
pathetic of tragedies. Otway, as we have seen, had started 
in the heroic school. He passed on from that to deface 
Romeo and Juliet by turning it into The History and Fail of 
Catus Marius (D.G. c. Sept. 1679), and then, inspired pro- 

1 See supra, p. 48. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 153 


bably by the love which he bore towards the talented but 
morally vicious Mrs Barry, he created two of the finest 
tragedies of the time, revealing in them his appreciation of 
the work of the Elizabethans and his interest in domestic 
sorrows. 

The Orphan, or, The Unhappy Marriage (D.G. c. March 
1680)", “‘a very moving Tragedy” as Langbaine described 
it?, is derived from a seventeenth century novel called The 
English Adventures. It deals with the love of two brothers 
for one girl, the orphan Monimia, that of one of them, 
Castalio, in a pure way, that of the other, licentious. Castalio 
marries her, but for several reasons has to retain his marriage 
a secret. While arranging to come on his marriage night to 
her room he is overheard by his brother: and the latter, 
deeming the whole matter but a libertine’s jest, forestalls him 
and enters first the darkened and silent room. This theme, 
which is wrought to the end with a consummate art, Sir 
A. W. Ward has declared quite unfit for a tragedy, although 
precisely why he does not make perfectly plain*. The plot 
undoubtedly presents a situation with untold possibilities for 
psychological and emotional development, and that Otway 
did not neglect those possibilities is evident from Mrs Barry’s 
declaration that she never uttered that fatal and pathetic 
**O Castalio!”’ after the cheat is discovered, without the tears 
rising to her throat and to her eyes. Viewed from amidst the 
dull heap of expiring heroes and of banal heroines, this 
tragedy is one of utmost merit. It has brought true pathos 
into drama, pathos and sentiment, told in a manner at once 
vigorous and calm. It would have been a masterpiece in any 
age: it was a triumph in its own, 

Two years later, Dorset Garden saw the production of an 
even finer play, Venice Preserv’d, or, A Plot Discovered (D.G. 
Feb. 1681/2), a drama, which, like The Orphan, not only had 


1 This play reached a fifth edition by 1711. It was translated into 
French by Desclozeaux about 1822, and into German the same year. 

a P2308; 

8 Mrs Barry acted Monimia, and Betterton Castalio. Curll informs us 
that Mrs Bracegirdle, then six years old, acted the page. 

“ Op. cit. 111. 416. 


154 TRAGEDY 


a lengthy and dignified stage career in England, but carried 
Otway’s fame to the most distant corners of the earth’. The 
comic parts, mainly centring around the character of 
Antonio, which is in all probability a satiric portrait of 
Shaftesbury, are the only marring features in it, not because 
these are badly written, but because they do not harmonise 
well with the general theme of the play. They were omitted 
by Kemble in his acting version of 1795, but were retained 
in the recent revival of the tragedy by the Phoenix Society. 
Assuredly no age could be completely worthless that produced 
such a drama as this. The impression it leaves on the reader’s 
mind is stupendous, and that impression is but intensified 
when it is seen well-acted upon the stage. The characters 
are finely and delicately handled. The development of 
Jaffier’s psychology, veering from hatred to desire for revenge, 
from desire of liberty to active revolution, is an almost 
perfect study—all confused as it is by his love. Pierre, too, 
is a beautiful picture of the firm and clear-hearted rebel, 
steady to the last: “And Liberty!” he cries, his words ex- 
pressing his inmost soul, to which Jaffier’s ‘‘Revenge! Re- 
venge !” forms a not unfitting and uninstructive counterpart?. 
What though the other characters are more conventional— 
Priuli, Antonio, Aquilina and Renault—when we have these 
two for ever before us? Particularly of note are the speeches 
of Pierre, especially those at the beginning of the play: “‘So, 
indeed, men think me...’ and ‘‘Yes, a most notorious 

1 It has been revived probably oftener than any other play save those 
of Shakespeare. All through the eighteenth century it was kept on the 
stage. Garrick played in it. Kemble’s version appeared in 1795. It was 
produced by Macready at Covent Garden in 1838, and by Phelps at 
Sadler’s Wells in 1845. Nor is its inspirational value for our own time 
gone: Gordon Craig’s impressionistic designs for scenery and the recent 
Phoenix Society revival testify to that. A Dutch translation by G. Muyser 
(Het Gered Venetie) appeared in 1755. La Fosse adapted it as Manlius 
Capitolinus in 1698. It was translated into French by de la Place (Théétre 
anglais, tom. V) in 1746, and again by Baron A. G. B. Brugiére de la 
Barante (Chefs-d’ cewvre des thédtres étrangers, tom. 11) about 1822. In 
German it made its appearance in 1847, and in Italian as Venezia Salvata 
(translated by M. Leoni) in 1817. As early as 1764 a Russian trans- 
lation was issued by Ia. Kozelski (Bosmymjenie nporuss Benenin 
Tparelis). 

3 The 3 1 i, 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 155 


Villain...” and that fine outburst in Act 11, when swords are 
directed at Jaffier: 


Who talks of killing? Who’s he’ll shed the Blood 
That’s dear to me? Is’t you? or you? or you, Sir?! 


And the ending of the play is magnificent, closing upon the 
poor misguided Belvidera’s madness and the noble release of 
Pierre from the ignominy of the gallows. There is something 
in a poet’s heart always revolutionary, and even though Otway 
was one of Dryden’s persuasion—a monarchical absolutist— 
in this play he shows his sympathy for souls who struggle 
up out of the rut of life—out into the spacious sunlight of 
rebellion. There are firm-hearted, single-spirited Pierres who 
live to-day: there are cowardly Renaults, half-conspirators, 
half-egotistical-libertines : there are Jaffiers who sway between 
the ideal of revolution and other ideals: there are Belvideras, 
too, who, unconscious of the fact, mar men’s ideals and men’s 
lives. It is truly the highest art that is universal in this way 
and for all time: and who will deny that Otway has reached 
the very summit in that regard?? 

Another writer of undoubted merit who stands alongside 
Otway in the imaging of emotional and pathetic scenes is 
John Banks, whom we have already met with as an exponent 
of the heroic tragedy. Like Otway’s Alcibiades, The Rival 
Kings of this writer and The Destruction of Troy were but 
ephemeral things obviously produced simply to satisfy the 
tastes of the public of the seventies of the century. By 1682, 
like Otway again, Banks had completely turned round, and, 
although to the end of his career he retained traces of the 
heroic style, in all of his after works save the peculiar Cyrus 
the Great of 1695, he pointed deliberately towards that type 
of drama which was destined to be taken up in the eighteenth 
century by Rowe and to form the basis of a new tragic pro- 
ductivity. The Unhappy Favourite, or, The Earl of Essex 

ert: 

$ pe pe that Sir A. W. Ward has deemed this play artificial and 
the rebels but fancied closet conspirators. His opinion, however, much 
as I value it, cannot reave from me the impression which this play gave 


me on a first reading and on subsequent readings. Sir A. W. Ward’s 
criticism of Otway, indeed, in general would seem to be too severe. 


156 TRAGEDY 


(D.L. ¢. Sept. 1681) in its very title shows the tendency of 
his art. Evidently a popular success in its own times and 
later?, The Unhappy Favourite is interesting because, in the 
scenes between the Earl and the Countess of Essex there is 
struck a note rarely felt in Restoration drama, a note, however, 
that has its echoes in Otway and even in Southerne. In spite 
of follies in it, such as the numerous asides and as that first 
line ridiculed in Tom Thumb: 


Help me to raile, prodigious minded Burleigh, 


it shows a decided attempt to produce a tragic spirit higher 
and more perfect than that of the heroic tragedy. 

This attempt Banks continued in Vertue Betray’d, or, Anna 
Bullen (D.G. c. April, 1682)%, again an historical work and 
again pathetic and emotional in tone. It is, in the words of 
the suppressed epilogue, a “‘ distrest Domestick Tale,” stressing 
most of all the truly affecting scenes between Piercy and Anna. 
In some ways it has affinities with the older heroic drama: 
it is purely a love play: Lady Blount cries “‘ Hell and Furies !” 
in the time-honoured strain: Henry is but the typical monarch, 
Wolsey the typical villain and Lady Diana Talbot the typical 
love-lorn maiden who dies of a broken heart. These re- 
miniscences of the popular drama of 1664-77, however, 
do not take from the fact that this is a sentimental tragedy, 
with close affinities to the school of pathos developing rapidly 
from the year 1682. It is also to be observed that it is the 
first of those ‘‘she-tragedies” made popular more than 
twenty years later. 

A somewhat similar play is The Island Queens, or, The 
Death of Mary Queen of Scotland. Publish’d only in Defence 
of the Author and the Play, against some mistaken Censures, 
occasion’d by its being prohibited the Stage (1684), also a ‘‘she- 
tragedy” but evidently not so pleasing to the court faction 
as Vertue Betray’d. The latter had had a pronounced royalist 


' See the dedications to Vertue Betray’d and to Cyrus the Great. 

* It long held the stage in the acting version of Ralph (1731). It was 
translated into German in 1786. 

* Sir A. W. Ward gives the date wrongly as 1692, op. cit. 111. 429. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 157 


note, but this following play, although it does not seem to 
our eyes a very dangerous piece of work, was suppressed. 
It was not seen on the stage until it had been altered into 
The Albion Queens, or The Death of Mary Queen of Scotland 
(acted at D.L. and printed 1704). As in the other produc- 
tions of Banks, there is a poetic touch here, chiefly in the 
pitiful figure of Mary. Elizabeth’s last words in The Albion 
Queens end on a despairing note heard seldom in the mouths 
of Restoration stage potentates. ‘‘O Cecil,” she cries, 

O Cecil! Shall I never be at rest? 

We are but Gawdy Executioners at best; 

Fixt to our Crowns, we bear the galling Weight, 

Of censuring Fools, and flattering Knaves of State. 


It was sentiments like this which in all likelihood the then 
monarch did not exactly appreciate. 

Equally important and equally neglected is The Innocent 
Usurper, or, The Death of the Lady fane Gray (1694)?. This 
tragedy was likewise prohibited by the censor again for 
what reason is not made quite plain. The Innocent Usurper, 
the last of this series of historical plays, is as typical as any of 
Banks’ productions. We meet here once more with the occa- 
sional heroic exclamations—‘‘Hell! Scalding Lead! and 
Sulphures !” is only one of them—and Pembroke’s already- 
quoted soliloquy in Act Iv: 

Weep, Heav’ns, fall Hail and Torrents from the Skye, 
And when y’ave drein’d the Briney Ocean dry, 


Weep on, and pour the Watery Globe and Night, 
On the World’s back, and quench this Orb of Light, 


reads as if it came from some tragedy of 1675. Again, how- 
ever, the atmosphere of the play is not heroic but pathetic, 
and domestic sorrows are duly insisted upon. The tragedy 
of Lady Jane is very pitifully painted for us, and the Duchess 
of Suffolk is a figure at once vital and vigorously delineated, 


1 Henry VIII closes the play with the words: 
“A Prince can do no Till... 
For Heav’n ne’er made a King, but made him just.” 
2 The dedication is dated Oct. 23, 1693. 
Siyoi. 


158 TRAGEDY 


a kind of Restoration Lady Macbeth. ‘‘Go to 
a Man?” she asks, 

Have you that Blood 

Yet left within you that your Birth created? 

Or did it only boast (hoping to mix 

With mine) that you were Noble and Ambitious? 

O Gods! that Woman should so far excel 

Mankind in ev’ry thing, yet be so curst 

To be born Slaves, and live in loath’d Subjection!# 


Are you 


On the whole Banks merits a position much higher than 
that which is usually accorded to him. As a pioneer he 
stands alongside of Mrs Behn and of D’Urfey and of Otway 
and of Southerne in the development of the newer drama. 
In no way can one agree with the hasty dismissal of him by 
Mr Whibley as “‘an admirer of Lee” and as one who “‘faith- 
fully reproduced that author’s worst characteristics?.” Only 
of the earlier two dramas and of the later Cyrus the Great 
(which, the author informs us, was written before The Un- 
happy Favourite, most probably in the last years of the heroic 
fever) is this true, and all these plays stand quite apart from 
what were Banks’ main works. As an artist he stands next 
to Otway: as a precursor of Rowe he stands almost unique 
in his age. 

Connected with Banks in the adoption of historical themes 
mingled with pathos is John Bancroft, to whom in fair cer- 
tainty may be ascribed the two plays of King Edward the 
Third, with the Fall of Mortimer Earl of March. An His- 
tortcall Play (D.L. c. Dec. 1690) and Henry the Second, King 
of England; with the Death of Rosamond (D.L. Nov. 1692)?. 
These two plays are both very Elizabethan in character. The 

1 1. i. Banks was evidently greatly influenced by Macbeth. I have 
already drawn attention to other reminiscences in Cyrus the Great. 
pelea in The Innocent Usurper where the Duchess meets Suffolk 


“What has alarm’d my Lord 
To be thus early up? Is Edward dead?” 
reminds us strongly of similar scenes in Shakespeare’s play. 
2 See C.H.E.L., vol. vitt. 
° Coxeter attributes King Edward the Third to Bancroft, and Gildon 
(p. 5) similarly Henry the Second. Both were published by Mountfort 
the actor, who disclaims authorship. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 159 


former is but a poor piece of work, in which the comic scenes 
centring around the person of Serjeant Eitherside, are in- 
finitely superior to the serious portions of the play. Henry 
the Second on the other hand is a very fine historical tragedy. 
It betrays obvious reminiscences of preceding plays, but the 
blank verse is good and the characters fairly successfully 
worked out. The satire of priests and the person of Sir 
Thomas Vaughan, a kind of replica of Pandarus, recall to us 
Troilus and Cressida of Dryden, and the revengeful abbot 
seems a copy of Wolsey in Banks’ Vertue Betray’d. The last 
words of Rosamond, however, owe more to Elizabethan 
example: 


I do. Thus I submit, and Drink the Bane of Life; 
The Bane of Love. Oh Henry! thus I fall thy Sacrifice, 


and it was Elizabethan example that urged on this revival of 
plays dealing with English history. 

The pathetic note merging in with Elizabethan imitation is 
to be seen in many tragedies of the later years of the century. 
Many instances of how it crept even into the heroic plays of 
the time have been noted above. Similarly there has been 
noted the insistence on what had already appeared in the 
rimed heroic dramas of 1664~77, the atmosphere of. horror. 
Those dramatists, who in this later time, went in for such 
plays, seem to have been more successful on the whole than 
most other tragic dramatists. They are much more numerous, 
and obviously their productions made wide appeal to con- 
temporary audiences. The main thing that separates them 
from those who had before introduced horror into heroic 
plays is that they all made a fresh return directly to Eliza- 
bethan sources. A play like Ravenscroft’s The Italian Husband 
(L.I.F. 1697) betrays much closer similarities to some Eliza- 
bethan and Jacobean dramas than to horror elements either 
in the heroic or in other plays written between 1660 and the 
date of its production. Possessed of a certain power of appeal 
and rather strikingly written, it leaves us aghast at the 
frightful scene at the end where the lover and the wife lie 
dead in the chamber, to remain there until the latter’s father 


so TRAGEDY 


shall come. The husband has no doubt but that this scene 
will find the approbation of his father-in-law: 

I know ’twill greive his Heart, he lov’d her well, 

But Princes have noble Souls, 

His Sense of Honour will excuse the Deed. 
Such a scene reminds us at once of Shirley or Ford or 
Webster. The attempt to raise the emotions, and at the same 
time the endeavour to achieve something of powerful calm, 
is truly fed directly from Elizabethan founts. 

Most of the horror plays of this time are revenge dramas, 
and this theme again was in most cases taken over from older 
pre-Restoration sources. Thomas Scott’s The Unhappy Kind- 
ness, or, A Fruitless Revenge (D.L. 1697) is but an alteration 
of Fletcher’s Wife for a Month, and William Phillips’ tragedy 
of The Revengeful Queen (D.L. 1698) betrays deeply the 
influence of D’Avenant’s Albovine1. Other dramas deal with 
kindred atmospheres. The Fatal Discovery, or, Love in Ruins 
(D.L. c. March 1698), a play published by Powell?, turns on 
the unwitting double incest of Cornaro, who is not only the 
father of his own sister, Eromena, but later falls in love with 
and marries her. It has a comic underplot which merely 
serves to intensify the disgust and horror the whole tragedy 
casts upon us. Beauty in Distress (L.I.F. c. April 1698) by 
Motteux is likewise interesting, as being still a further 
specimen of the tragedy of blood, although written ‘‘to a 
Moral,” with the external format of classic restraint. The 
duration of the tragedy is three hours, and the place remains 
fixed in an ante-chamber. In spite of that, it is as noisy as 
any swash-buckling Cockpit production, and is valuable pre- 
cisely because of that. 

Many plays of the period, of course, cannot be crushed 
into one or other of the separate schools, being like this 
last-mentioned work of Motteux. Brady’s The Rape, or, The 
Innocent Impostors (D.L. Feb. 1691/2) with its theme of 

‘ It is not certain whether the eighteenth century William Phillips 


is the same as this author ; circumstances tend to make us believe that he is. 


* Who, in his preface, makes a vigorous attack on Dryden for his 
“‘Praelude”’ to Heroick Love. 
3 Preface. 


TRAGEDY AND OPERA 161 


Goths and Vandals is thus difficult to classify, as well as 
plays like the anonymous Timoleon, or, The Revolution (un- 
acted, 1697)! and The Unnatural Mother (L.I.F. c. Aug. 
1697)”, the latter with an Eastern setting but no very decided 
heroic features*. On all, however, to some extent the seal 
of the heroic or of the Elizabethan drama was set. Shake- 
speare had been found again, and the age was slowly creeping 
away from Beaumont and Fletcher to a new appreciation of 
the master’s works. 


VI. Adaptations of Shakespeare 


A consideration of the plays which present such marked 
features of Elizabethan imitation may well lead us to an ex- 
amination of the definite adaptations of the period and that 
to a general summary of this rapid analysis of tragic endeavour 
in the age of the Restoration. Probably nowhere better than 
in these adaptations can we find the key to the whole dramatic 
productivity of the period. Nowhere better can we find ex- 
pressed the likes and the dislikes of the time. 

If we take Shakespeare and watch the Restoration attitude 
towards his work, we shall at once penetrate deeply within 
the hearts and the minds of the dramatists and of the audience. 
I shall not here refer to Pepys’ critical strictures on Romeo 
or on Hamlet, because Pepys seems to me a highly unsatis- 
factory witness. He was prone to express his thoughts in 
rather an exaggerated form, and he was often influenced un- 
duly by external considerations. Sometimes he was breaking 
a vow Not to enter the theatre for a period of months, some- 
times he was disappointed in the company or in the acting. 
His value as a critic, moreover, is clearly enough displayed 
in his ludicrous comparison of The Adventures of Five Hours 


1 This has been attributed to Southly (cf. MS. note in the Bodl. copy, 
Mal. 116). 

2 Written by a “young lady,” possibly the same as the authoress of 
She Ventures and He Wins (L.1.F. 1696). 

3 A fairly worthless play is Pausanius, The Betrayer of his Country 
(D.L. 1696) written in strict imitation of the French school. It was 
brought on the stage by Southerne and has been attributed to one Norton. 
It was esteemed by eighteenth century classicists (see Garth, The Dis- 
pensary, p. 51 of the 1699 edition), 


NRD Ir 


162 TRAGEDY 


and Othello. There are many other men in the period who 
can better be trusted. Dryden in some of his works might 
be ruled out as being a man far and away superior to his age, 
but after all Dryden, his life through, was trying to plumb 
the tastes of his time. We may take his word for certain 
things. And we may take Tate’s, for Tate, as is evident from 
the prefaces to The History of King Lear and to The Loyal 
General, evidently thought a good deal of and about Shake- 
speare and was prepared honestly to like or to dislike as his 
mind bade him, not swayed by sudden fancies but basing 
his ideas on definite critical precepts. 

Before we come to the adaptations and to the prefaces in 
particular we may briefly note what the age did not like in 
Shakespeare. The comedies for the most part were neglected 
by the men and women of the time, the reason being that in 
the early comedies there is too much romance and in the 
later too chaotic plots. Thus there were never seen in the 
Restoration Love’s Labour’s Lost, The Two Gentlemen of Verona, 
The Comedy of Errors, The Merchant of Venice, All’s Well, 
As You Like It, and The Winter’s Tale. The Tempest was 
taken and altered because it had a unified plot, as well as 
possibilities for operatic display. Measure for Measure was 
run in with Much Ado by D’Avenant, but apparently without 
success. A Midsummer Night’s Dream was made into an 
opera. The Taming of the Shrew was sufficiently realistic to 
be a fair success in Lacy’s adaptation, and The Merry Wives, 
similarly a realistic play, was performed as early as Nov. 9, 
1660, and as late as Dec. 17, 1675. Of all the romantic 
comedies which now we adore, only Twelfth Night in an 
unadapted form was given a half-hearted show on the stage 
during those forty years. 

With the histories and the tragedies it was different. The 
latter obviously appealed to the age, although there were 
many things that seemed to the Restoration courtiers inde- 
corous in them. Romeo, the early lyrical tragedy, was made 
into a tragi-comedy by Howard and classicised by Otway. 
Macbeth was made into an opera by D’Avenant. Lear was 
made happy in Tate’s version. Antony was rendered heroic 


ADAPTATIONS OF SHAKESPEARE 163 


and. sedate in Dryden’s famous tragedy. Othello and Hamlet 
escaped the hands of the adapter, why is not quite clear : they 
were presented in cut, but unadded-to, versions. Of the 
other tragic dramas, Troilus was heroicised by Dryden: 
Coriolanus made political by Tate: Titus Andronicus rendered 
more bloody by Ravenscroft: Timon turned “‘into a Play” 
by Shadwell: Julius Caesar feebly tampered with by an 
anonymous author: Cymbeline made pathetic by D’Urfey. 
Pericles apparently saw a solitary performance early in the 
Restoration period at the Cockpit: there is no record of any 
later revival. 

The histories made their appeal in other ways. They were 
easily turned into political parallels, as in Crowne’s Henry VI 
and Tate’s Richard IJ. Sometimes, as in Henry VIII, they 
could well be utilised to set off the rich scenes then coming 
into fashion. 

Even such a brief survey as this has shown us many of the 
likes and the dislikes of the age. The adapters, Dryden in 
particular, have pointed out still more clearly what they pre- 
ferred and what they thought wrong in Shakespeare’s works. 
Dryden, let us remember, had as great a veneration for 
Shakespeare as any man in his age. There is no hesitancy 
in his words in the preface to Troilus and Cressida, when he 
states that “‘our Reverence for Shakespear (is) much more 
just, than that of the Grecians for Aeschylus.” He is filled 
with a glow of admiration for his great English predecessor. 
This glow of admiration, however, did not blind him to what 
appeared to be errors and weaknesses in Shakespeare; in this 
very preface we find four objections to Shakespeare’s work 
clearly enunciated. First, he says, writing of the earlier 
Troilus but thinking of many other plays, much of the 
language is obsolete, coarse and too figurative. This is 
merely an echo of what almost everyone in that age was 
saying. 

That which the World call’d Wit in Shakespeare’s Age, 

Is laught at, as improper for our Stage, 
said a prologue written for a 1667 performance of James 
Shirley’s Love Tricks, and in 1673 one Richard Ward, when 


1II-2 


164 TRAGEDY 


looking about for a quotation to illustrate the use of “un- 
profitable and ineffectual Words,” chose some ten lines from 
The Merchant of Venice as a prime example?. 

Dryden’s second objection is that the whole play of Trozus 
and Cressida moves with a careless incoherent motion. Here 
again he was but expressing a common criticism of the age, 
the age that was growing rapidly classical, that disliked 
romantic incoherency and adored precision, mathematical 
though that might be. 

Thirdly, ‘‘the latter part of the Tragedy is nothing but a 
confusion of Drums and Trumpets, Excursions and Alarms” 
—the words are Dryden’s own. On turning to his own 
adaptation, one might think that he has increased the fighting 
and this “‘confusion of Excursions and Alarms”—but 
Dryden’s criticism was directed rather at what seemed to 
him the purposeless confusion than at the confusion itself. 

Finally, as a fourth objection, Dryden finds that ‘the chief 
Persons...are left alive: Cressida is false and is not punish’d.” 

We may, perhaps, looking over these statements and these 
facts, now tabulate briefly some of the things that the Restora- 
tion age saw in Shakespeare and some of the things which 
they whole-heartedly condemned. They liked the heroes of 
the tragedies, but as these were not sufficiently exaggerated, 
in their alterations they tried to make the Shakespeare figures 
approximate as closely as possible to the late seventeenth 
century standard; or else they took away from the reality of 
the types by the introduction of operatic features. Hamlet 
and Othello alone they permitted to be seen unadapted. 
Hamlet, hesitating, dallying, did not offend their suscepti- 
bilities, and in Othello, I have often suspected, the contem- 
porary audience must have looked upon Iago as the central 
figure. Othello, I am certain, they could not have possibly 


1 A few of the sentences in this chapter I have taken from my own 
pamphlet on Dryden as an Adapter of Shakespeare (Shakespeare Asso- 
ciation Pamphlets, No. 8, 1922). On this subject Professor QOdell’s 
Shakespeare from Betterton to Irving should be consulted, and also Mon- 
tague Summers’ Shakespeare Adaptations. There is also an interesting 


little paper in The Library for 1913 by Wheatley on Post-Restoration 
Quartos of Shakespeare. 


ADAPTATIONS OF SHAKESPEARE 16s 


appreciated. They liked, also, the settings of many Shake- 
speare plays, because they realised the possibilities in them 
of theatrical display, and they liked, in the later years; the 
scenes of pathos. They were conscious of the greatness of 
Shakespeare, but probably conscious of it in a vague way 
which defied analysis or definition. 

On the other hand, they objected to Shakespeare’s language. 
They objected to his romantic comedy. They objected to the 
too-great realism of his heroes. They objected to the chaos 
of his scenes. They objected to his lack of poetic justice and 
to the universal calamities which overwhelmed good and bad 
alike. 

The adaptations, therefore, made of those plays they liked, 
followed certain very definite critical lines. There was practi- 
cally no tampering with the text simply for the sake of 
tampering. The language was made easier and less involved. 
The heroes were made more heroic. Tragedies and comedies 
alike were turned into operas. The eternally changing scenes 
of the Shakespearian dramas were made more unified. The 
comedies and the comic scenes in the tragedies were made 
witty and vulgar in the Restoration way. Both tragedies and 
histories were rendered into political parallels. 

It is impossible here to do more than glance at some of the 
more important of the adaptations as illustrating these various 
points. 

The Tempest of Dryden and D’Avenant may be taken 
as displaying the tendency towards the introduction of 
“‘classically ” regular, almost mechanically regular, groups of 
characters in the plays. Ferdinand and Miranda, Hippolito 
and Dorinda, Ariel and Milcha, Caliban and Sycorax pair off 
in a wonderful way. Our only surprise is that the happy 
thought did not come to D’Avenant of providing Prospero 
with a female counterpart. This comedy may be taken also 
as illustrating the introduction of political elements, the Duke 
Trincalo scenes, evidently the most popular parts in the play, 
satirising the Republican parties. The new spirit of vulgar 
wit and suggestiveness is to be noticed here, coarseness in 
the Duke Trincalo scenes and innuendoes in the dialogue 


166 TRAGEDY 


between Miranda and Dorinda. This debasing of Shakespeare’s 
humour is only part of what went on all through the age. 
Pandarus in Dryden’s Troilus and Cressida, in a similar way, 
is made inexpressibly coarse. One might cite in the same 
connection the indescribable indecencies introduced by 
Rochester into his alteration of Fletcher’s Valentiman. 

Two other alterations of D’Avenant’s present equally 
entertaining features. Macbeth, as I have noted, was turned 
into an opera. This in itself is interesting, but there are 
other changes in it, more detailed changes, which have an 
even greater importance. The language is consistently sim- 
plified and made regular. 


“To us fair Weather’s foul, and foul is fair!”’ say the witches, 
“Come hover through the foggy, filthy Air....” 


The words of Lady Macbeth and of Macbeth himself are 
robbed of their strength in an attempt to make them be more 
readily understood. 


There wou’d be Musick in a Raven’s Voice, 
Which shou’d but croke the Entrance of the King 
Under my Battlements, 


r : 
v No, they wou’d sooner add a Tincture to 


The Sea, and turn the Green into a Red— 


= She shou’d have Di’d hereafter, 


I brought her here, to see my Victimes, not to Die. 
To Morrow, to Morrow and to Morrow, 

Creeps in a stealing pace from Day to Day, 

To the last Minute of Recorded Time; 

And all our Yesterdays have lighted Fools 

To their Eternal Homes— 


any of these is typical of the silent changes made throughout. 
Here, also, in this Macbeth, beyond the mere alterations made 
in order to use machine and scenery, we may trace the in- 
fluence of the new stage conditions. Lady Macduff’s part 
is enormously lengthened, purely for the sake, apparently, 
of giving opportunity to some rising actress of the Duke’s 
Theatre. 


The other plays present equally valuable and interesting 


ADAPTATIONS OF SHAKESPEARE 167 


evidence of the tastes of the age. D’Avenant’s The Rivals, 
made out of The Two Noble Kinsmen, is a tragi-comedy, with 
the same simplification of language, and with a reduction of 
the spirit of Thebes to the spirit of Arcadia. Of Theocles 
and Philander (Arcite and Palamon) we are told that 
they killed 
With such regret, as if they did embrew 
Their Swords in Blood to blush for those they slew. 


Dryden’s Troilus and Cressida shows us the attempt to make 
heroic those plays of Shakespeare which to the Restoration 
seemed to lack the exaggerated sentiment necessary for 
tragedy. Troilus here has become a hero, Cressida a heroine, 
just as in All for Love Antony is made the brother of 
Almanzor, Cleopatra the sister of Almahide, Dolabella the 
image of Acacis. Troilus and Cressida and All for Love, 
however, differ from most of the adaptations in ending 
seriously and tragically. Romeo, we remember, was given a 
happy conclusion, and Cordelia and Edgar were paired off 
in Tate’s Lear. All these last-mentioned dramas display in 
common the tendency to make more unified and more sym- 
metrical the romantically irregular plots of Shakespeare. 
While this was in general due to the pseudo-classic criticism 
of the time, it was probably urged forward by the changing 
conditions of the stage. Shakespeare’s works, written for the 
platform of the Globe, were being adapted for performance 
in the picture-frame of the Duke’s and the Theatre Royal. 

In these adaptations, then, we may find the key to the age, 
an age, dependent on the old, but with new conditions and 
with new ideals: an age intent on its own wit, on its own 
ideas, on its own conceptions, able dimly to appreciate the 
great work of the past, but filled with an over-weening sense 
of its own importance and offended at any attempt to in- 
culcate in a reasonable way honour or virtue: an age that 
has inherited great and noble things, yet debilitate and weak, 
nursing the degenerate descendants of a powerful race, 
glorious sometimes in its decay, but graceless, if debonair, 
corrupt, if airy and splendid. 


CHAPTER THREE 
CONEY 


I. Introductory: Elizabethan and 
Foreign Models 


/ "TF tragedy all through these forty years owed most to the 
\ I Elizabethan substratum, taking only some external charac- 
teristics and bye-forms from France and from Italy, comedy 
may be said to have been even more English still, having 
developed along lines which can be traced directly back to 
Jonson and to Beaumont and Fletcher. Again, as in the case 
of tragedy, we find the theatres playing for the first few years 
after the Restoration nothing but Elizabethan plays.) From 
the first organisation of the company until the opening of the 
L.I.F. house, in 1661, the Duke’s players acted at Salisbury 
Court no less than eight comedies of Beaumont and Fletcher, 
Middleton’s Changeling and D’Avenant’s The Unfortunate 
Lovers. From June 1661 to the closing of the theatre in 
May 1665 they produced Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night, four 
comedies of Beaumont and Fletcher?, D’Avenant’s The Wits, 
The Rivals and The Unfortunate Lovers, Middleton’s A Trick 
to Catch the Old One, Brome’s Sparagus Garden, Cooke’s 
Tu Quoque and Glapthorne’s Wit in a Constable. Later, from 
the re-opening of the playhouse in 1666 to April 1669, 
appeared Shakespeare’s The Tempest (in an altered guise), 
Twelfth Night, D’Avenant’s The Wits, The Rivals and The 
Unfortunate Lovers, Beaumont and Fletcher’s Maid in the 
Mill, Women Pleas’d and The Mad Lover, Shirley’s The 
Grateful Servant, The Witty Fair One and The School of 
Compliments, Ford’s The Lady’s Trial, Field’s Woman’s a 
Weathercock, Cooke’s Tu Quoque, and Cowley’s The Guardian. 


1 Maid in the Mill, Wild Goose Chase, Spanish Curate, Mad Lover, 
Wife for a Month, Rule a Wife, Woman’s Prize, Little Thief. 
2 Maid in the Mill, Mad Lover, Spanish Curate, Rule a Wife. 


INTRODUCTORY 169 


' It is noticeable that in this list Jonson is not represented 
at all. Apparently his plays were the sole property of the 
Royal troupe, by whom we find them frequently acted!, 
Between 1660 and May 1663, the date of the opening of the 
T.R. in B.St., there were performed at Vere Street and else- 
where fully seven of his comedies. During this time the 
King’s company also produced Shakespeare’s A Midsummer 
Night’s Dream, a few plays of Beaumont and Fletcher, 
Shirley’s The Opportunity and The Example and Love in 
a Maze, Brome’s Jovial Crew and Antipodes, Heywood’s 
Love’s Mistress, Newcastle’s The Country Captain, and The 
Merry Devil of Edmonton, besides a few other comedies and 
tragi-comedies of lesser note. The majority of these found 
frequent revivals both by the two separate companies and by 
the united troupes after the Union of 1682. 

This rather tedious list of names is not without its purpose. 
It enables us at a glance to see the types of older plays which 
might exercise an influence on the new race of dramatists. 
Shakespeare’s comedy of romance is not well represented. 
Of those which did appear, A Midsummer Night’s Dream was 
not successful and Twelfth Night was thought by Pepys, who 
probably reflected the opinions of at least a certain body of 
spectators, ‘‘ but a silly play.” (What obvieusly appealed more’ 
to the audiences were the comedies of Jonson and the 
comedies of Beaumont and Fletcher. It was these which were 
to form the basis of almost every single type of lighter play 
written from 1660 to 1700. Jonson, with his classic mind, 
his rich powers of observation, his fine technique, and his 
satiric tendencies, was bound to make an appeal to the later 
seventeenth century audience. The old ‘‘ humours” were still 
there in social life, and in addition there was arising a new 
set of eccentrics, the fops and the affected ladies and the 
bullies, all awaiting representation in the Jonsonian manner. 
Almost all felt the impress of his art. He gave to Dryden in 
his earlier dramas many a hint, sometimes well employed, 


1 See the list of T.R. plays in Appendix B. . 
‘2 Volpone, Epicoene, The Alchemist, Bartholomew Fair, The Devil’s an 
Ass, Everyman in his Humour, Everyman out of his Humour. 


1470 COMEDY 


sometimes, as in the wearisome “‘little Bibber,”” but blunder- 
ingly taken over. He was the master in chief of Shadwell. 
He presented to the comedy of manners, if not the main 
types, at least the background against which these main types 
moved. Dryden and others may have found him on occasion 
a trifle rough: but that roughness the age of the Restoration 
thought it could plane down. The fabric at least was there: 
but the finishing process remained) 

That finishing process, however, was not entirely new. It 
had already started in the early years of the seventeenth 
century in the able hands of F letcher.) The Wild Goose Chase 
we have noted above as produced at L.I.F. in the first years 
of the Restoration period, and this play, not untypical of 
Fletcher’s later art, this “‘famous play” as Pepys called it on 
Jan. 11, 1667/8, this play that was to form the basis of 
Farquhar’s The Inconstant, might almost be mistaken forthe 
work of one of the writers of the manners school. The 
dramatis personae have the names and the characteristics 
similar to those given by Congreve to his stage figures— 
Mirabell, ‘a Travell’?d Monsieur and great defyer of all 
Ladies in the way of Marriage, otherwise their much loose 
Servant, at last caught by the despis’d Oriana,” Pinac ‘‘his 
fellow Traveller, of a lively Spirit, and Servant to the no 
less sprightly Lillia-Bianca,” Oriana ‘‘a witty follower of the 
Chase,”” Rosalura and Lillia-Bianca \‘Airie Daughters of 
Nantolet.” There is hérejust such a play as the best Restora- 
tion authors present to us, just the same subservience of the 
plot to witty dialogue, just the same air of graceful abandon, 
just the same loss of all more sober moral standards. This 
type of play added to characteristics taken from Jonson gave 
the comedy of Dryden: carried one step farther into the 
realm of aristocratic licentiousness it produced the master- 
pieces of Congreve. ) 

(Whatever foreign influences entered to provide fresh hints 
and give rise to new developments, we must never forget 
that this English substratum is always present, and that 
these foreign influences often coalesced with, rather than 
altered, the tendencies already taken over from the Eliza- 


INTRODUCTORY rt 


bethan playwrights.) Thus the classic influence, the influence 
of Terence and of Plautus, really could give nothing to the 
stage that had not been given to it by Jonson}. Sedley, cer- 
tainly, seems to have gone straight to the Eunuchus for his 
Bellamira (D.L. May 1687) and Wilson to the Aulularia for 
his The Projectors (acted? 1665), but most of the more 
apparent reminiscences of classical plays can be traced, not 
directly, but through either earlier English or continental 
imitations. Thus many of the lovers, astute servants and 
cheated parents, while obviously owing their ultimate being 
to the dramatic art of Rome, might have been taken not only 
from plays of Moliére or from plays of the commedia dell’ arte, 
but from those of native English dramatists. 
C It is certainly true that the influence of contemporary 
France and even of contemporary Italy cannot be left out of 
account in any history of Restoration drama. As has often 
been pointed out, this age, classical as it deemed itself, looked 
more directly to Paris and to Rome and to Madrid than to 
ancient Italy or to Periclean Athens. Without doubt the 
people with whom the Restoration courtiers found them- 
selves most in sympathy were the French—gay, fearless, 
godless as themselves, with a royalist régime, and a comedy 
brimming over with the veriest cream of wit. Audacious, 
beautiful, with a classical perfection in the rapier thrust of 
their humour, they would have charmed the Ethereges and 
the Congreves of the age even if so many of the royalist 
supporters had not been forced to live among them for many 
long years of exile, learning their manners, their morals and 
their oa 

1 Of plays more or less directly influenced by Roman dramatists, one 
might mention Dryden’s Amphitryon (D.L. 1690), The Mistaken Husband 
(D.L. 1675) which owes to the Stichus, and Shadwell’s The Squire of 


Alsatia (D.L. 1688). In the last the two elder Belfords seem based on 
Mico and Demea and the two younger on Eschinus and Ctesipho of the 
Adelphi. 
2 See Harvey-Jellie, W., Les Sources du Théatre anglais a l’époque de 
la Restauration (Paris, 1906), chapter 2, pp. 29-35: “L’exil des poétes 
anglais.” A study of Killigrew’s Comedies and Tragedies (1664) is in- 
teresting in this connection. The Princess was written at Naples; The 
Parson’s Wedding at Basle; Cicilia and Clorinda at Turin; The Pilgrim at 
Paris; Bellamira at Venice; Claracilla at Rome; The Prisoners at London. 


172 COMEDY 


If, in considering the classic influence on English drama 
of the late eighteenth century we were met with a fair appre- 
ciation of Terence and of Plautus, how much more en- 
thusiasm do we find when we turn to the representatives in 
England of Moliére! Here are Wycherley and Congreve and 
Farquhar and Dryden and Etherege, a great host of names, 
whose comedy has been acclaimed as one of the most perfect 
types in English literature. They have caught at the wit of 
Moliére and have striven to reproduce it in cognate forms. 
It may not be, certainly, that Lacy should, in adapting such 
a play as Le Médecin malgré lui, have vastly improved the 
original material, as Langbaine foolishly thought, yet, not- 
withstanding, the dramatists of undoubted merit in that age, 
rival Moli¢re in the realm of comedy. Wycherley and 
Congreve, taking from Moliére, yet different from Moliére, 
have something in them that gives them a claim to stand 
alongside of the French master. 

The translations and adaptations of Moliére during those 
forty years are indeed imposing. Not all are great, certainly, 
but nearly every one has about it, if but in parts, the sparkle 
of impulsive wit. Very few are pure translations. The 
English dramatists, inheriting the characteristics of their own 
earlier stage, loved above all incident and preferred to unite 
into one comedy what had furnished the Parisian theatre with 
three or four. The instance of Sir Martin Mar-all (L.1.F. 
1667) is typical. Taken from L’étourdi (Lyons, 1656?), 
Moliére’s first play, its two primal acts owed more than a 

1 In the following list of English borrowings I have purposely en- 
deavoured to summarise rather than to elaborate. Apart from such 
plagiary-hunters as Langbaine and the detailed theses on particular plays 
mentioned in the footnotes, see for this subject the very exhaustive essay 
of Gillet, J. E., Moliére en Angleterre, 1660-1670 (Mémoires de I’ Acad. 
Royale de Bruxelles, N.S. tom. Ix. 1913) and the more general study of 
Miles, D. H., The Influence of Moliére on Restoration Comedy (New York, 
1910). These two volumes supersede the earlier investigations of Hum- 
bert, C. H., Moliére in England (London, 1874), and of Van Laun, Les 
plagiaires de Moliére en Angleterre (in Le Molieriste, Aug. and Nov. 1880, 
Jan., May and Aug. 1881). The thesis of Besing, M., Moliére’s Einfluss 
auf das englische Lustspiel bis 1700 (Borna-Leipzig, 1913) is amore ordinary 
work but has a fair summary on pp. 105-108. A good general survey of 


the French influence on English drama is to be found in Charlanne, L., 
L’influence frangaise en Angleterre au xvit® siécle (Paris, 1906). 


INTRODUCTORY 173 


little to L’amant indiscret of Quinault. This tendency to 
multiply plots was noted by contemporaries, both continental 
and English. Thus in 1663 the author of Love a la Mode 
declared that “‘the French are commonly content in their 
Comedies with one single Humour and Rime,” in contra- 
distinction to the English who delighted in complexity, while 
Luigi Riccoboni in An Historical and Critical Account of the 
Theatres of Europe (London, 1741) noted how in adaptations 
of the French dramas English “Authors have doubled the 
Intrigue.” 

Moliére’s first play of L’étourdi, utilised for Sir Martin 
Mar-all, was re-utilised by Dryden later for some sugges- 
tions in the third act of The Assignation (King’s company at 
L.IL.F. 1672)?. Le dépit amoureux (Bezier, 1656) supplied 
the basis for the garden scenes of An Evening’s Love (T.R. 
in B.St. 1668), itself taken, as we shall see, through the French 
of Thomas Corneille, from the Spanish of Calderon?. It also 
provided Etherege with the sub-plot of The Comical Revenge 
(L.I.F. 1664). A translation of Les précieuses ridicules (Paris, 
1659) appeared in Flecknoe’s The Damoiselles a la Mode 
(T.R. in B.St. 1668), a play that also owes suggestions to 
other French works*. Betterton united it with George Dandin 
to form his The Amorous Widow (L.I.F. 1670) and in diverse 
ways it furnished materials for Ravenscroft*, Etherege®, 
Crowne®, Shadwell? and Mrs Behn§. Sganarelle (Paris, 1660) 
appears to have been a universal favourite. D’Avenant intro- 


1 For Dryden, see Hartmann, K., Einfluss Moliére’s auf Dryden’s 
Komisch-Dramatische Dichtungen (Leipzig, 1885) and Ott, P., Uber das 
Verhdltniss des Lustspieldichters Dryden zur gleichzeitigen franzdsischen 
Komédie, inbesondere zu Moliére (Munchen, 1885). On Sir Martin Mar-all 
in especial, Miles, op. cit., p. 236 and Gillet, pp. 50-63. 

2 In Harvey-Jellie, op. cit. Appendix vill, there is an interesting ex- 
amination of the respective réles in the corresponding works of Dryden, 
Corneille, Moliére and Scudéry, and also in Appendix 1x a parallel between 
Iv. iii of An Evening’s Love and V. iii and iv of Le dépit amoureux. 

8 Gillet finds suggestions in this play from Les précieuses ridicules and 
L’étourdi as well (op. cit. pp. 33-39 and 147). 

4 The Careless Lovers (D.G. 1673), Iv. 

® The Man of Mode (D.G. 1676), 11. ii. 

® The Married Beau (D.L. 1694), 1. 

? Bury Fair (D.L. 1689) character of La Roche. 

8 The False Count (D.G. 1682). 


174 COMEDY 


duced a translation of it, in broken French, into the second 
act of The Play-House to be Lett (L.1.F. 1663) besides which 
it gave Rawlins much of the plot of Tom-Essence (D.G. 1676). 
L’école des maris (Paris, 1661) was utilised by Sedley in The 
Mulberry-Garden (T.R. in B.St. 1668) and by Otway for a 
scene or two of The Souldier’s Fortune (D.G. 1680). It formed 
also the basis of Shadwell’s The Squire of Alsatia (D.L. 1688). 
To Les fdcheux (Paris, 1661), likewise, Shadwell went for 
several scenes of The Sullen Lovers (L.1.F. 1668). Along with 
the above-mentioned L’école des maris, L’école des femmes 
(Paris, 1662) was made use of by Wycherley in The Country 
Wife (D.L. 1675)!. Part of the latter was employed by 
Ravenscroft in The London Cuckolds (D.G. 1681) and by 
Dryden in The Spanish Fryar (D.G. 1680) while it received 
a free translation by Caryl as Sir Salomon (L.1.F.) in 16697. 
La critique de [école des femmes (Paris, 1663) was also used 
by Wycherley, furnishing a scene of The Plain Dealer (D.L. 
1676) which, for its main plot, is quite obviously founded on 
Le misanthrope (Paris, 1666)®. This last French play, more- 
over, gave Shadwell the main theme of The Sullen Lovers 
(L.I.F. 1668) and suggested part of the first act of Bury Fair 
(D.L. 1689). Le mariage forcé (Paris, 1664) was utilised by 
Ravenscroft for his Scaramouch (D.L. 1677)4 and for parts 
of the first two acts of The Canterbury Guests (D.L. 1694). 
Tartuffe (Paris, 1664), naturally, was eagerly seized upon, and 
not only had the honour of being translated during the 
century®, but suggested scenes and episodes for many plays, 
among them Crowne’s The English Frier (D.L. 1690), 
Dryden’s The Assignation (King’s company at L.I.F. 1672), 
Congreve’s The Double Dealer (D.L. 1693)? and Dryden’s 


1 See Sandmann, P., Moliére’s Ecole des Femmes und Wycherley’s 
Country-Wife. 

* He joined it on to scenes taken from four other comedies: cf. Gillet, 
op. cit. p. 147 and pp. 97-100. 

® Cf. Ferchlandt, H., Moliére’s Misanthrop und seine englische Nachah- 
mungen (Halle, 1907). 

* 'To which he added parts of Les fourberies de Scapin and of Le bour- 
geois gentilhomme, 

: Medbourne’s Tartuffe (T.R. in B.St. 1670). 

Iv. iv. 
* Along with hints from Les Femmes savantes. 


INTRODUCTORY 175 


Mr Limberham (D.G. 1678). Contrary to appearances, Le 
Festin de Pierre, ou, Don Fuan (Paris, 1665) did not supply 
Shadwell with The Libertine (D.G. 1675) but a lesser known 
Nouveau Festin de Pierre of Rosimond?. L’amour médecin 
(Paris, 1665), however, received many flatteries in the form 
of imitation. Along with Le médecin malgré lui (Paris, 1666) 
it gave birth to Lacy’s The Dumb Lady (T.R. in B.St. 1669), 
the play Langbaine thought so much improved in the English 
dramatist’s hands*. The latter French comedy, moreover, 
gave scenes to Dryden for The Spanish Fryar (D.G. 1680) and 
to Shadwell for Epsom Wells (D.G. 1672)*. Le Sicilien 
(Paris, 1667) was employed by Crowne for The Countrey Wit 
(D.G. 1676) and Amphitryon (Paris, 1668) by Dryden for his 
homonymous drama (D.L. 1690)°. In The Miser (T.R. in 
B.St. 1672) Shadwell freely rendered L’avare (Paris, 1668) 
which also furnished suggestions for the fourth act of The 
Squire of Alsatia (D.L. 1688). When we reach Monsieur de 
Pourceaugnac (Paris, 1669) we come upon an even greater 
measure of assimilation by the English playwrights—an 
assimilation shared in extent only by Le bourgeois gentilhomme 
(Paris, 1670). Satire of such types as are depicted in the 
French comedies was not an uncommon thing in the native 
Restoration dramas, and the keen biting delineation of them 
by Moliére, his episodes and his wit, seized upon the English 
fancy with a powerful hand. The main action of Ravens- 
croft’s The Careless Lovers (D.G. 1673) was taken from the 
first of these plays, while the same author’s The Citizen 
turn’d Gentleman (D.G. 1672) employed the title of the other 
and fused both into one. In The Canterbury Guests (D.L. 
1694) reminiscences of the latter make a further appearance. 


1 Character of Mrs Saintly. 2 Miles, op. cit. p. 231. 

2 See Wernicke, A., Das Verhdltniss von John Lacy’s The Dumb Lady 
zu Moliére’s Le Médecin malgré lui und L’amour médecin (Halle, 1903) 
and Ohnsorg, R., ohn Lacy’s “Dumb Lady,” Mrs Susanna Centlivre’s 
“‘Love’s Contrivance’”’ und Henry Fielding’s “Mock Doctor” in threm 
Verhdltnis zu einander und zu ihrer gemeinschaftlichen Quelle (Hamburg, 
1900). 

% In the fourth acts of both plays. 

5 For an analysis of Dryden’s indebtedness to Moliére in this play see 

Appendix x to Harvey-Jellie, op. cit. 


176 COMEDY 


Dryden utilised a trifle of Monsieur de Pourceaugnac in Love 
Triumphant (D.L. 1693)! and Shadwell some part of Le 
bourgeois gentilhomme in Bury Fair (D.L. 1689) while with 
La malade imaginaire (Paris, 1673) both served to contribute 
to Mrs Behn’s Sir Patient Fancy (D.G. 1678). Psyche (Paris, 
1671), as has already been mentioned, was transformed into 
Shadwell’s opera?. Les Fourberies de Scapin (Paris, 1671), 
besides inspiring part of Ravenscroft’s Scaramouch, was 
directly translated by Otway in 1676 as The Cheats of Scapin 
(D.G.). With The Female Vertuoso’s (D.G. 1693) of Wright, 
a translation of Les femmes savantes (Paris, 1672), a play that 
had given hints to Congreve the same year for The Double 
Dealer (D.L. 1693), we come to the end of the definite 
borrowings of Moliére during the century. Other comedies 
may be pointed out, it is true, with what appear to be para- 
phrases of Moliére’s words and scenes, very likely were such, 
but which cannot be proved to be imitations with absolute 
certainty. 

Moliére, however, was by no means the only comic 
dramatist of the French stage whom the English playwrights 
followed; to trace thoroughly all the manifold resemblances 
would require a comparative research into the most arcane 
and forgotten productions of the Parisian theatre. 

Thomas Corneille, with certain of his plays, furnished a 
considerable stock of wit to the English stage. His L’amour 
a la mode (1655), taken itself from El amor al uso of Antonio 
de Solis, gave Bulteel the plot of Amorous Orontus, or, The 
Love in Fashion (unacted, 1665) besides providing the title 
for the Love a la Mode (Middlesex House, 1663) of Thomas 
Southland. Le feint astrologue (1648), also taken from a 
Spanish original, E/ astrologo fingido of Calderon, presented 
Dryden with more than a hint for An Evening’s Love, or, 
The Mock Astrologer (T.R. in B.St. 1668). It was translated 
as well as The Feign’d Astrologer (unacted) the same year. 
Along with Quinault’s La généreuse ingratitude, Corneille’s 
Don Bertran de Cigarral (1650) gave many incidents in the 


+ 1. i and v. i have been traced to 11. vi and 1. viii of Moliére’s play. 
2 Cf. infra, p. 256. 


INTRODUCTORY 177 


plot of Corye’s The Generous Enemies (‘T.R. in B.St. 1671). 
Le Menteur (1642) of Pierre Corneille gave birth, not only 
to the anonymous The Mistaken Beauty, or, The Lyar (‘T.R. 
in V.St. 1661?) but to scenes in many otherwise unadapted 
comedies of the age. To Scarron, also, the English dramatists 
owed much. Fane, in his Love in the Dark (D.L. 1675), 
rendered the main plot of The Invisible Mistress as D’ Avenant 
did those of Fodelet, ou, Le maistre valet (1645) and of 
DPhéritier ridicule (1649) in The Man’s the Master (L.1.F. 
1668). Otway in The Souldiers Fortune (D.G. 1680) adapted 
part of Le roman comique (1649-57) as Dryden did in The 
Rival Ladies (T.R. in B.St. 1664). It is just possible also that 
the character of Major Oldfox in The Plain Dealer (D.L. 
1676) owes somewhat to Leroman bourgeois: part of Farquhar’s 
The Constant Couple (D.L. 1699) is derived from the same 
source. 

Such a mere enumeration of names, of translations, of 
borrowings, may seem but a dry and uninteresting affair, 
but if ‘‘the English mind...moves freely only under the 
pressure of facts,” as Mr E. B. Taylor imagines, these 
enumerations are by no means unnecessary as proving the 
intense cosmopolitanism of the English drama of this period. 
The enumerations are but the tangible expression of the 
countless resemblances which are to be felt as we read almost 
any of the dramas of the age. Go where we will, we are 
conscious of the foreign strata, the remembrance of foreign 
phrases, graces, dresses. We cannot in any way limit the 
influence. The cataloguing of great names is nothing. For 
his T’yrannick Love (T.R. in B.St. 1669) Dryden could go 
to a comparatively insignificant and unimportant Saite 
Catherine, for his Dame Dobson (D.L. 1683) Ravenscroft 
could pass to an almost unknown comedy, La Devineresse. 
The facts detailed above may give us but a hint of the close 
bonds, still largely unfathomed, perhaps unfathomable, 
which must have existed between the two stages of Restoration 
London and the Paris of Louis XIV. 

At the same time, we must be particularly careful to dis- 
tinguish between the mere taking over of plot or of character 


NRD IZ 


178 COMEDY 


and the reproduction of the atmosphere of the French 
comedies, The audience of London was not quite the 
audience of Paris. Moliére was not precisely the same in 
spirit as either Etherege or Congreve. In the first place, the 
Restoration writers are more sensual than the French master. 
They delight more in double entendre and playing with their 
wit on subjects vulgar or immoral. Thus Etherege, although 
he lived in Paris during the first years of Moliére’s success 
and although he probably came as near as did any of his 
contemporaries to an appreciation and to a re-presentment of 
the French atmosphere, is divided from the continent by a 
huge chasm, well-nigh impassable. Wycherley, who has been 
called Moliére in English, is far too vulgar and too disgusted 
at his own vice ever to merit that title. Congreve really 
belongs to a different type of comic writers altogether, and 
the same is true of Farquhar and of Vanbrugh. The English 
courtiers of the years 1660 to 1700 were indulging, as has 
been pointed out, in a false gaiety. Their laughter rings 
forced and hollow, their cynicism is exaggerated because of 
the Puritan opposition. Hardly ever does one of them ap- 
proach towards the free easy laughter of Moliére. For the 
same reason they barely touch Moliére’s fine humanitarian 
spirit. Their outlook and the aim of their work is narrow. 
They do not look beyond their narrow circle, and as a conse- 
quence we feel that, brilliant though their work may be, it 
can never have that universal appeal which places Moliére 
close alongside Shakespeare in the ranks of dramatic writers. 
‘One other thing must be noted. It has been seen that in 
taking over the French comedies the English playwrights 
found it necessary to amalgamate into one single play a 
number of diverse incidents taken from two or more con- 
tinental pieces. Instead, therefore, of having a delicate three 
act cameo, unified and harmonious, they made their plays 
almost as chaotic with plots and underplots as the Elizabethan 
playwrights had made theirs. Even the classicising ten- 
dencies of the time could not check the truly English tastes 
of the audience. What the spectators at the King’s or at the 
Duke’s wanted to see was plenty of bustling incident, not 


INTRODUCTORY 179 


these harmonious cameos of delicate art. The whole structure 
of the Moliére comedy was by them thus destroyed. 

In conclusion, therefore, we may say that although Moliére 
and his companions were a tremendous force in English 
drama, that force was not sufficient to alter in any serious 
way the national tastes of the audience, and that the spirit 
of Moliére was never once translated faithfully into a play 
of English workmanship. 

( The same or a similar criticism is true also of the influence 
exercised’ by the dramatists of the Spanish and Italian 
theatres. Closely allied to the influence of France, because 
of its own influence on the French dramatists, was the appeal 
made by the stage of Madrid. Many of the Spanish reminis- 
cences, it is true, can often be traced indirectly through inter- 
mediate Gallic sources, but it must never be forgotten that 
Spanish could be quoted in English Restoration plays without 
any undue air of pedantry, and that Spanish scenes, if not 
quite as common in the comedies as English scenes, could 
frequently be resorted to. While due ridicule was made of 
Spanish punctilio and of the absurd attitude adopted by 
Spanish grandees towards their women-folk, the English were 
sufficiently close to the Spanish aristocratic position to appre- 
ciate in some small measure their ideas of honour and of dis- 
honour. ) Dryden’s bon mot “I hate your Spanish Honour, 
ever since it spoil’d our English Plays” is too much of an 
epigram to be taken absolutely seriously. /The gallantry was 
there in London life, and, if the intense jealousy was absent, 
it was because that emotion seemed to the English People of 
Quality more the attribute of the Town than of the sophisti- 
cated dwellers round the Court. The indifference to evil was 
there as well, not because it could be expiated by the church, 
but because it seemed to the courtiers a thing of no conse- 
quence in face of all that was charming in this delicate and 
joyous world. At bottom the attitude of both was the same. 
The Spaniard was a religious cynic: the Restoration English- 
man a pagan one. 

The question of Spanish influence on English drama at 
this time has never fully been worked out. The immensity 


72-2 


180 COMEDY 


of the task might well dissuade any student from attempting 
it. From what already has been done on this line, however, 
we know that the influence was no slight one. Calderon, 
mainly because he was a contemporary of Moliére and 
Etherege and Congreve, was eagerly looked to. Charles seems 
to have known him well. At the advice of the king Sir 
Samuel Tuke translated Los Empefios de Seis Horas as The 
Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 1663). Another courtier, 
George, Lord Digby, rendered No siempre lo Peor es Cterto 
as Elvira (L.I.F. 1663) and Downes mentions two other 
comedies by the same writer, "Tis Better than it was and 
Worse and Worse, which no doubt are from Mejor esta que 
estaba and Peor esta que estaba. Killigrew’s The Parson’s 
Wedding (T.R. in B.St. 1664) seems to have suggestions from 
Dama Duende}, as is part of Wycherley’s The Gentleman 
Dancing-Master (D.G. 1672) from El Maestro de danzar. 

Calderon, along with Moreto, was the Spanish dramatist 
probably with the nearest ties of kinship to the Restoration 
playwrights. Lope de Vega, although he too was made use 
of, lay further away with his over-strained intrigue, his 
jealousy and his flagrant honour. It was Moreto’s No puede 
ser that gave birth to Crowne’s finest comedy, Sir Courily 
Nice (D.L. 1685), a play which, like The Adventures of Five 
Hours, was written at the command of the king. No puede ser 
was also the source of St Serfe’s earlier drama, Tarugo’s 
Wiles (L.1.F. 1667). Vega, Alarcon, Molina and the others 
came to us mainly through the medium of the French, al- 
though there are scores of plays of ‘‘ Spanish extraction,” the 
sources of which have never been discovered. 

Italy, too, played its part in the development of the comic 
types of Restoration drama, not so much through its in- 
tellectual lays, the commedia erudita, as through the commedia 
dell’ arte descendant of the old Roman drama and the 
ancestor of modern farce and pantomime. Many of the most 
brilliant plays of Italy, such-as Macchiavelli’s. Maudragola, 
appear at this time to have gone completely unnoticed.) 
Macchiavelli may have remained a type of evil and of great- 


* But see Montague Summers’ Restoration Comedies (1921), pp. XXv-Vi. 


INTRODUCTORY 181 


ness, may have retained the position he held during the 
Elizabethan period, may, through his tales, have inspired one 
or two plots in Restoration comedies, but his work for the 
Italian theatre was unknown and uncared for. The commedia 
del? arte, on the other hand, seized powerfully on the fancies 
of the English audiences. It competed successfully with the 
comedy of manners. Its types were taken over into English 
dramas, and it itself gave impetus to that farcical element 
which becomes so pronounced in the last years of the century. 
A fuller consideration of its power and influence may well 
be left over to a later chapter of this book. 


II. Types of Restoration Comedy 


Out of Jonson and Fletcher, then, tempered by reminis- 
cences of Moliére, of the commedia dell’ arte and of Calderon 
grew the comedy of the Restoration: and the study of the 
development of that comedy really resolves itself into a 
disentangling of such diverse founts of inspiration. It must, 
of course, be realised at the very start that Restoration comedy 
is something far wider than is connoted by the modern use of 
that term. We have been rather apt to make it include 
solely that group of major dramatists which is composed of 
the outstanding figures of Etherege, Wycherley, Congreve, 
Farquhar and Vanbrugh, to the almost complete exclusion 
of all those innumerable writers who supplied the Theatre 
Royal and the Duke’s with their daily fare. It is perfectly 
true that that group of major dramatists undoubtedly repre- 
sents English comedy at its highest, not only in its own age 
but probably in all ages, but the result of the over-treatment 
of these playwrights by scholars and enthusiasts has been to 
cast into comparative neglect a mass of lesser comic writers 
who stretch from the Shadwells and the Drydens down to 
the insignificant Ravenscrofts and Tates. To gain a true and 
an historical view of the complete development of comedy 
from 1660 to the close of the century one must include every- 
thing, good and bad, in one’s researches, and not confine 
oneself to two or three outstanding figures. The spirit of the 


182 COMEDY 


Elizabethan age would but ill be realised if we limited our- 
selves to Shakespeare, or that of the Romantic Revival if we 
read Wordsworth alone. 

In the first place, by embracing more than those major 
five dramatists of the Restoration mentioned above, we come 
to realise that Restoration comedy is by no means a thing 
wholly of the manners style. The manners style was in point 
of fact too high to be attained by all the playwrights of the 
age, who chose rather the humbler paths of pure Jonsonian 
imitation. The strata of Restoration comedy, indeed, are 
truly infinite, and any attempt at rigid classification is bound 
to fail. At the same time, some classification is necessary,and 
happily one can enumerate several divergent types which will 
include almost if not quite all of the theatrical productions of 
the epoch. 

‘ When the theatres opened in 1660 there were roughly 
three distinct or semi-distinct schools of comic invention, 
that of Jonson, described as the school of humours or of 
satire, that of Shakespeare, which may be called the comedy 
of romance or of humour, and that of Spanish intrigue?. 
These represented almost all the older styles of comic drama 
as inherited from Elizabethan sources and were, of course, 
the first that were ransacked by the band of new playwrights 
eagerly seeking for models and plots.) With The Wild Gallant 
(T.R. in V.St. 1663) and with The Rival Ladies (T.R. in 
B.St. 1664) lof Dryden came in a variation of the intrigue 
type, a more distinct tendency towards the later manners 
school, more especially to be noticed in the presence of the 
pair of lovers, witty, gay, anti-moral and sprightly. Dryden’s 
endeavour serves to register a step in the direction of 
Etherege. With the latter we are fully within the new reign, 
that reign which was to continue through Congreve and 
Vanbrugh into far distant decades of another century. For 
many years these five distinct types remained the recognised 
schools in which the comic dramatists worked, until, about 
the sixties and the early seventies of the century, farce, de- 
rived largely from French and Italian imitation, crept into 


1 See the present writer’s Introduction to Dramatic Theory. 


TYPES OF RESTORATION COMEDY $183 


favour and for a time dominated the theatres. Finally, in the 
last decade of the century, although hinted at as early as 
1680 if not before even that date, there developed that still 
newer type of comic drama to which has been given the name 
of sentimental 

None of these seven separate schools can be wholly dis- 
sociated from another, and most often we see merely general 
mixtures of two or three of them more or less successfully 
welded together. Dryden, following Jonson and Fletcher in 
half a hundred ways, yet delineates the new type of comic 
hero in his Celadons and Lovebys. Ina similar way, Shadwell, 
who, in The Sullen Lovers (L.1.F. 1668), condemns the new 
comedy of manners, the two chief persons of which, he de- 
clares, ‘are most commonly a Swearing, Drinking, Whoring 
Ruffian for a Lover, and an impudent, ill-bred tomrig for a 
Mistress,” yet obviously gives many a hint to Congreve, as, 
for instance, in the Gartrude and Selfish scenes in A True 
Widow (D.G. 1678) which are quite clearly connected with 
the similar Miss Prue and Tattle episodes in Love for Love 
(L.I.F. 1695). In one of his later plays, too, Bury Fair 
(D.L. 1689), he introduces precisely that pair of lovers whom 
he had so inveighed against, twenty years previously. As a 
typical play of the period one might take Mrs Behn’s The 
Luckey Chance (D.L. 1686) which has characteristics of the 
manners school in Bellmour, of the humours school in Sir 
Feeble Fainwood, all wrought into a complicated scheme of 
intrigue. 

Again, the chronology of the period must, in any treatment 
of Restoration comedy, be carefully watched. Charles died 
in 1685, and before that date only two of the five major 
dramatists had presented any of their works before the public. 
Congreve did not produce his Old Batchelor until January 
1693 and The Way of the World did not make its appearance 
till 1700. Farquhar’s eight plays date from 1699 to 1707, 
Vanbrugh’s eleven from 1696 to 1715. The school of 
manners, therefore, is by no means confined, as the school of 
rimed heroics had been, to a single decade or two. It was nota 
thing peculiar to the court of Charles. It flourished long after 


184 COMEDY 


Jeremy Collier’s outburst of 1698, even after the fuller de- 
velopment of the sentimental comedy in the hands of Cibber 
and of Steele. At the same time, we are bound to recognise 
that the comedy of manners, brought to fulfilment only in 
the last years of the century, was in itself a relic of the licence 
and the wit and the ease instituted by Charles in his Restora- 
tion court. 

This comedy of manners is a peculiar, intangible sort of 
thing. In plot and in character it was not much of an inno- 
vation. Fletcher’s The Wild Goose Chase, as we have seen, 
contains a good deal of its atmosphere. Jonsonian personages 
abound in Etherege and in Congreve. The intrigue of the 
Spanish school is to be marked in almost every Sat sas peer 
and his companions of the French stage gave merely a touch 
to the wit and to the theme. The title itself—Comedy of 
Manners—is rather difficult to explain, but here at least there 
are indications which point to the characteristics of the type. 
Schelling calls Jonson’s comedy a comedy of manners: so 
perhaps it is, but obviously there is something in Congreve 
different from Jonson.) Manners, in the mouths of the 
Restoration dramatists themselves, meant something quite 
apart from the modern meaning of the term. “‘A Manner?” 
cries Cynthia in The Double Dealer, ‘‘What’s that, Madam?” 
and Lady Froth replies, ““Some distinguishing Quality, as 
for example, the Bel-air or Brilliant of Mr Brisk...or some- 
thing of his own, that should look a little Fene-scay-quoysh.” 
This quotation seems to make the question easier4 When we 
say that Jonson’s comedy is a comedy of manners we are 
using the word manners in its ordinary sense of ways of men: 
when we say that Congreve’s comedy is a comedy of manners 
we are using the word in its Congrevian sense, betokening 
something brilliant about a man or a woman, not a humour, 
but a grace or a habit of refined culture, something that 
“looks a little Jene-scay-quoysh.”’ Genteel comedy—to em- 
ploy Addison’s phrase—is this late seventeenth century 
drama, not the ungenteel comedy of oe 

Even with these indications as to its inner nature it is 


1 ot. ii. 


TYPES OF RESTORATION COMEDY 18s 


difficult to hazard even an indistinct definition of the type. 
The manners school, after all, depends rather on an atmo- 
sphere which cannot be precisely analysed than on out- 
standing characteristics. We may say that D’Urfey’s plays 
are not as Congreve’s: but to lay one’s finger on the exact 
point of departure is rather difficult. We may, however, 
disentangle some of what appear to be the true characteristics 
of the species/ In the main, we may say, the invariable 
elements of the comedy of manners are the presence of at 
least one pair of witty lovers, the woman as emancipated as 
the man, their dialogue free and graceful, an air of refined 
cynicism over the whole production, the plot of less conse- 
quence than the wit, an absence of crude realism, a total lack 
of any emotion oe) This, certainly, will not take us 
very far, but it may serve at least to indicate in some ways the 
differences between the comedy of manners and the other 
types of Jonsonian and sentimental dramas. It is assuredly 
true that Dryden presents to us a pair of lovers somewhat 
after the style of the manners heroes and heroines, and that 
Spanish intrigue could take part in the plays of Etherege and 
of Congreve: but Dryden after all, although he may be re- 
garded as one of the fathers of the typical Restoration comedy, 
is yet divided from Etherege by the presence in him of a 
certain passion and enthusiasm, while Spanish or other in- 
trigue, appearing though it does sometimes in the plays of 
manners, never usurps all of the attention as it does, for 
example, in Tuke’s The Adventures of Five Hours. The 
comedy of manners could make use of the French and the 
Spanish theatres, could reproduce some of Dryden’s scenes 
or some of Jonson’s characters, but, by its intellectualism, 
succeeded in remaining something independent and separate. 

Before passing to an examination of the diverse dramas of 
the various writers or groups, a few words may still be said 
concerning that eternally vexing problem of immorality in 
Restoration comedies. It is often hastily assumed and stated 
that the school of manners had a monopoly in this im- 
morality, and that Jeremy Collier put an end both to vice 
on the stage and to the comedy of manners in 1698. The 


186 COMEDY 


second part of this assumption, to be discussed fully, would 
have to be taken well into the eighteenth century, a task 
impossible in this book, but it may be stated fairly dogmati- 
cally that neither the first nor the second supposition has 
any foundation in fact. 

That the Congrevian comedy was immoral, no one can 
dény, unless by a species of sophism not unknown to modern 
critics, but the Jonsonian comedy was just as licentious, with 
the quality of brutality added thereto) Indeed, it is interesting 
to note that such a man as Shadwell in The Squire of Alsatia 
(D.L. 1688), where he more or less adopts the critical attitude 
he had expressed in The Sullen Lovers, is (hopelessly and 
permeatingly vulgar, brutal and immoral—for reasons which 
will be seen presently—}-while in Bury Fair (D.L. 1689), 
where he succumbs to the influence of Etherege’s manners, 
he is at any rate fairly pure and modest(_ Neither the one type 
nor the other can be acquitted on the score of immodesty, 
but neither can the whole immorality of the age be foisted 
on one at the expense of the rest. Rather one might hazard 
the statement that the comedy of manners is less vicious and 
harmful than many other types of Restoration plays which, 
because less witty, escape scot free.) Addison’s and Steele’s 
strictures on Etherege are well known. The Man of Mode 
for them is ‘‘a perfect Contradiction to good Manners, good 
Sense and common Honesty.” It is allowed by them to be 
nature, ‘‘but Nature in its utmost Corruption and De- 
generacy!.” ‘This may be true.\ The upper-class life of the 
days of Charles was not a very pretty life, and the comedy 
of manners certainly reflects certain aspects of that existence. 
The problem of the comedy of manners, however, hardly 
lies here: in reflecting this upper-class life it stands alongside 
of many other types of drama and of many other forms of 
literature. The problem, of course, has been deeply compli- 
cated by the exaggerated pronouncements, on the one hand, 
of Puritans who see all art through the dark spectacles of their 
own morality, and, on the other, both of moral perverts who 
take delight in pornographic literature of any sort, and of 


\ Spectator, No. 65, May 15, 1711. 


TYPES OF RESTORATION COMEDY 187 


fanciful enthusiasts like Lamb who weave airy fancies out of 
their own imaginations. A truejudgment can be gained only 
by a strictly impartial critic, one who recognises that morality 
is a word of very indefinite meaning and yet that there is a 
line of vulgarity below which art ceases to be art and becomes 
mere vicious and vulgar writing) 
(The first point to notice, it seems to me, is that in the hands 
of Etherege and of Congreve, comedy is wholly intellectual 
and passionless.) There is no “‘warmth” in their works, as 
a Restoration critic might have said. (There is little of that 
deliberate propaganda for evil which marks out the works of 
Rochester. If there are vulgar scenes or sensual jokes they 
are dragged in not for the sake of the vulgarity or of the 
sensuality, but because they are witty and amusing. There 
is nothing amusing in vulgarity itself: art alone can make it 
so. The second point to be noted is not unconnected with 
this first. The life reflected in the comedies of Etherege and 
of Congreve is not the whole of life: it is rather the essence 
of the upper-class existence of the time. The world pre- 
sented before us, then, is certainly not artificial in Lamb’s 
sense, it is only too real: but it is not realistic to the extent 
of dragging in forcibly the cruder aspects of life. The best 
plays of the manners school have about them a species of 
inverted spiritual existence which takes away from them a 
part of that brutality which is so painfully evident in the 
more ordinary “‘realistic” plays of the age.) Actual sensuality 
is not needlessly emphasised. One example, which I feel is 
typical, may be taken from The Old Batchelor. Vainlove 
there wanders carelessly after ‘‘/’amour,” not for the “‘blisses ” 
thereof, but for the joyous sense of the chase itself. A great 
deal of the intrigue of the age, a great deal of the free con- 
versation of the men and of the women, was of this type: 
it was not necessarily carnal, but was indulged in purely as 
an intellectual stimulant. Flirtation in that time was an art: 
assignations were planned with subtlety: indelicate hints in 
conversation were devised with skill and precision and grace. 
I am not here striving to defend Restoration life: far from 
it: but I am endeavouring to place the comedy of Etherege 


188 COMEDY 


and of Congreve in a place by itself, where the question of 
morality hardly enters in, where licentiousness is an intel- 
lectual thing and is not always reduced to worldly essence. 
Wherever there is emotion, this whole airy fabric vanishes. 
The Plain Dealer is disgusting and appalling precisely because 
Wycherley has in that play taken upon himself to display all 
of life as he saw it, not to rear delicate fancies in a spirit’s 
name. In the comedy of Etherege and of Congreve no 
emotion can enter in: the dialogue of Millamant and of 
Mirabel is as cold and chill as Cinthia’s beams. 

This question of actuality and of emotion is well brought 
out in a study of Shadwell’s plays. I think no one, reading 
this author’s The Squire of Alsatia (D.L. 1688), but would 
feel, I should not say shocked, but disgusted. The realism 
of the play brings to the fore all our ideas of refinement, of 
delicacy, if not of actual morality. There is not wit enough 
to cloak the sheer vulgarity: and yet the strangeness of it all 
is that Shadwell imagined he had before him a moral purpose 
—to show how an indulgent father produces in his son good 
qualities and how an intolerant one produces the opposite. As 
soon as deliberate morality and emotion are introduced into 
the plays of the age, they become at once vulgar and dis- 
gusting: for what are we to say concerning the two Belfonts? 
The elder is a poor fool rooked by the audacious villains of 
Alsatia: the younger, who is the model of goodness, after 
abandoning a mistress, Mrs Termagant, who has had a child 
by him and who has loved him passionately, after despoiling, 
too, an attorney’s silly little daughter, leaves them both for 
his future wife, Isabella, paying the wretched attorney for 
what he had done. Isabella, true to her age, shows no re- 
pulsion, although the hero is as heartless, as cruel and as 
cynical as he was before. 

Fundamentally, there may be as much vice at the back of 
Congreve’s or of Etherege’s plays, but it is never so forced 
on our attention as here. With emotion gone, with only one 
side of life treated, we become for the moment pagan, without 
a thought of the morrow, existing solely for the joy of the 
hour. We are given a finely polished art of the intellect that 


TYPES OF RESTORATION COMEDY 189 


gives us amply in return for the vulgarity. Congreve has taken 
the more ethereal, graceful, fantastic, joyous qualities of the 
time and has expressed them in perfect form: Shadwell and 
the others have taken the sensual brutality of the age, 
deadening, dulling, uninspiring. Both could feed the mind 
with the most revolting of thoughts, but the one could give 
something in atonement therefor and the other could not. 
What a difference between the wantonly vulgar “purge” 
scenes in James Howard’s All Mistaken (T.R. in B.St. 1667) 
or the banalities of the drolls in The Muse of Newmarket and 
the double-entendres of the “china” scene in Wycherley’s 
The Country-Wife (D.L. 1675)! Both could show most ful- 
some scenes of carnality: both could play with what they 
thought the humorous side of sexual disease: but somehow, 
in writers of Shadwell’s calibre, all that filth seems exag- 
gerated, seems dragged to our notice as it were, in writers of 
a more polished taste it comes in only as an incidental. 


III. The Fonsonian Element: Shadwell 


In any summary of the comic productivity of the Restora- 
tion period it is not unfitting to start with Jonson. Jonson 
was the first great classicist in our drama, and in his humours 
he succeeded in stamping his impress heavily and securely 
on all later dramatic endeavour. When the theatres opened 
in 1660, his plays, as I have indicated above, were exceedingly 
popular at the Theatre Royal. No one thought of adapting 
him. However rough he may have appeared to some of the 
refined wits (“‘Refin’d Wits?” cries Sir Thomas in Crowne’s 
The Countrey-Wit, ‘‘ With a pox: unrefin’d, lewd, debauch’d 
Fops, that scarce ever read a Book in their Lives, except it 
were a Play”) his love of the Roman theatre, his satiric bent 
and his presentation of contemporary types must have en- 
deared him to a certain section of the audience, if not to all. 
Some, like Shadwell, idolised him as a god, following him 
step by step: some, like Congreve, took over from him a 
certain amount but refined upon his manner and his style: 
some, like Dryden, professed a greater love for Shakespeare 


190 COMEDY 


than for him but still imitated and followed certain elements 
in his art. By no one was he forgotten, In the mid-decades 
of the period there might have been some controversy about 
his actual position in the history of literature, but from 1660 
to 1700 he remained one of the chief of the old dramatists in 
the theatrical repertoires. 

Although Jonson’s style of comedy was taken up at an 
earlier date by other writers, his chief disciple throughout 
the entirety of the period was Thomas Shadwell. This 
author, remembered mostly because he was at one time poet 
laureate, and, greater distinction still, had quarrels with John 
Dryden, is not yet quite so unworthy of regard as Sir A. W. 
Ward! and Mr Whibley? evidently consider him. He is 
coarse, it is true, but not coarser than many others of his 
age. He is positively nauseating with his ‘‘ humours,” yet he 
could be almost as witty as Etherege if he chose. He had 
opinions of his own, and, if he did not always act up to them, 
no one can deny that his plays have to a large extent that 
artistic finish and workmanship which characterise the work 
of a master hand. Dryden might call him “dull,” echoing 
the criticism made by Settle in the dedication to Love and 
Revenge (D.G. 1674). Many might laugh at his idiosyn- 
crasies, his love of beer and his habit of declaring that his 
plays were written in unconscionably brief spaces of time, 
but for all that he remains one of the chief of the comic 
dramatists outside of the school of manners. 

Shadwell’s entry into the world of the theatre was a trium- 
phant one. On May 2, 1668, there was produced at L.I.F. 
The Sullen Lovers, or, The Impertinents, a play that at once 
attracted attention, not only because of the easy development 
of the plot and of the ludicrous scenes, but because of the 
vast amount of satire in it. Sir Positive At-all was at once 
recognised as a burlesque portrait of Sir Robert Howard, and 
this, in the words of Pepys, did ‘“‘take, all the Duke’s and 
every body’s talk being of that, and telling more stories of 
him, of the like nature, that it is now the town and country 


1 Who dismisses him very curtly, op. cit. 111. 45 5-61. 
* Camb. Hist. Eng. Lit. vitt. 173-4. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 191 


talk, and they say, is most exactly true.”” Ninny, “‘a conceited 
Poet,” was as obviously an attack upon Sir Robert’s brother, 
Edward. Woodcock, Pepys heard on the 6th, was meant for 
St John. 

Shadwell himself, at the appearance of this work, must have 
_ been about twenty-five or twenty-six years of age, evidently 
a young man sure of himself, spoiling for a fight and bent 
on rivalling that other young man who had only four years 
previously made his debut as a dramatist, John Dryden. 
Two things that Dryden had adopted he attacked stoutly— 
the new style in comedy and the new style in tragedy. The 
“Love and Honour Feast” is opposed in the prologue to this 
his first play, and in Act 111, Sc. i, occurs a reference to a 
play of Sir Positive At-all’s called ‘‘ The Lady in the Lobster,” 
wherein, as we are told, one hangs himself at the command 
of his mistress. This looks suspiciously like a direct hit at 
The Indian Queen with its pathetic, or would-be pathetic, 
figure of Acacis. The new style in comedy is likewise opposed 
in the preface, which, as a whole, is decidedly well-written 
and interesting. After referring to the success of his own 
comedy, the author condemns the “‘Composer and Dancing- 
Master” of the age, who, even in 1668, had evidently become 
the ‘‘ best Poets.” He praises the pseudo-classical rules, draws 
attention to the fact that he has observed faithfully the three 
unities, and gives rich praise to Jonson. Then he turns on 
the new style. Possibly here he was thinking chiefly of 
Dryden. Already I have quoted his criticism of the two 
chief persons of this new drama—‘‘a Swearing, Drinking, 
Whoring Ruffian for a Lover, and an impudent, ill-bred 
tomrig for a Mistress”—these forming “‘the fine people of 
the Play.” This is the first attack on the new style in comedy 
that I know of, and it is particularly interesting because 
Shadwell himself in later years came to be influenced by 
Etherege and by Dryden. It is observable, also, that Shad- 
well, in this play, and in others, did not confine himself strictly 
to Jonson as a master. Here he owes decidedly to Moliére 
in Les Facheux. 

Within a couple of years Shadwell had continued his comic 


192 COMEDY 


output. After providing a pastoral in The Royal Shepherdess, 
he came forward, about December 1670, with The Humourists 
(L.L.F.). That he had not been thinking of Etherege in the 
preface to The Sullen Lovers seems to be proved by the 
preface to this third play of his: for in it he declares that 
She Wou’d if she Cou’d, which had appeared two months 
before The Suilen Lovers, was “‘the best Comedy that has 
been written since the Restauration of the Stage.” Why pre- 
cisely he approved of this particular comedy he did not make 
quite plain: the rest of his preface being taken up with a 
defence of Jonson’s comedy of humours, a style which he 
defines in the regular Jonson way: 

A Humour ts the Brass of the Mind, 

By which with Violence ’tis one Way inclin’d: 

It makes our Actions lean on one Side still, 

And in all Changes that way bends our Will. 
The Humorists is particularly noticeable for two things: one 
has reference to the age, and the other to Shadwell’s own 
conception of drama. After the success of the satire in The 
Sullen Lovers, he apparently repeated the experiment by 
ridiculing a number of the follies and the vices of the age, 
but, as I have already indicated, the Restoration strongly 
objected to general satire, and evidently The Humorists fell 
flat on the stage. The other point of interest is the appearance 
here of the fairly pure Raymund and Theodosia, a pair of 
lovers conceived evidently in opposition to Dryden’s “Ruffian” 
and ‘‘Tomrig.”’ This pair of lovers Shadwell was to repeat 
with many minor variations in later plays. Apart from these 
two, The Humorists, with its Sneak, Crazy, Briske, Drybob 
and others, is a regular comedy of humours. 

Ridicule of the popular tragedy appears once more in the 
epilogue to The Miser (T.R. in B.St. Jan. 1671/2) in the shape 
of an attack on the riming drama then at the height of its 
fame. The Miser is confessedly but an alteration of Moliére’s 
D’avare’, although Shadwell thought fit to ‘‘say without 

1 Genest points out that Shadwell’s main alteration of the French play 
consists in the introduction of eight additional characters—the action 


in Moliére not being sufficient to maintain interest on the English stage 
(op. cit. 1. 119). 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 193 


Vanity, that Moliere’s Part of it” had “‘not suffer’d in” his 
“Hands,” and to add the words, significant for an under- 
standing of that age, ‘‘nor did I ever know a French Comedy 
made use of by the worst of our Poets, that was not better’d 
by ’em.” The Miser is not an entirely negligible play, and 
illustrates well Shadwell’s probably unconscious movement 
towards the wit of the manners school, as when Theodore 
declares he is in love and Ranter is prompt with his repartee: 
“But it’s in an honourable way, I hope: not at all inclining 
to Wedlock?” 

This style of wit, with even more spice in it, is continued 
in Epsom Wells (D.G. Dec. 1672) which was not only one of 
Shadwell’s best plays, but also one of his most successful 
ones!, While Sir A. W. Ward has, rightly, found its coarse- 
ness very revolting”, one cannot fail to appreciate its manifest 
talent. It is true that marriage is at a premium, that nothing 
seems to exist in its world but the fine art of cuckolding, yet 
the conversation, on the whole, comes very near in refinement 
to the Congreve strain. One can only wish that the atmo- 
sphere of the piece were not so debased. In this atmosphere 
we see the reverse of the heroic. In the very years that heard 
the most glorious rants of love and honour, the same audience 
listened to the query of Raines: 

Art not thou a Villain to cuckold this honest Fellow, and thy 
Friend, Ned? 
and to the answer of Bevil: 

Gad, it’s impossible to be a man of honour in these cases. 


Out of the two contrarieties must a picture of the time be 
wrought. 

For the next few years, Shadwell busied himself with opera 
and with tragedy, producing the operatic Tempest in April 
1674, the spectacular Psyche in Feb. 1674/5 and the blank 
verse Libertine in June 1675. In the latter he makes a violent 
attack upon Settle, a return for the rival dramatist’s remarks 
in the preface to Love and Revenge (D.G. Nov. 1674), de- 
claring that he “‘had rather try new ways to please, than to 


1 Tt continued on the stage till 1726. 2 Op. cit. 111. 456. 


NRD 13 


194 COMEDY 


write on in the same Road, as too many do.” With The 
Virtuoso (D.G. May 1676) Shadwell returned to comedy. 
Again there is a lengthy epistle dedicatory discussing the aim 
of comedy and of the presentation of humours. The author 
informs us that he has ‘‘endeavour’d in this Play at Humour, 
Wit, and Satyr” and that ‘“‘ Four of the Humours are entirely 
new.” He dismisses as unsuitable for comedy, humours based 
on mere word-affectations, on dress-fashions, and on Gallo- 
mania, as well as ‘“‘unnatural Farce-Fools.”” He admits into 
his gallery of humour-portraits only a certain class: ‘the 
artificial Folly of those, who are not Coxcombs by Nature, 
but with great Art and Industry make themselves so,” he 
tells us, “‘is a proper object of Comedy.” 


No one Man’s Humour makes a part alone, 
he insists in the prologue, 
But scatter’d Follies gather’d into one. 


In The Virtuoso, Shadwell has again given to us his pairs 
of pure lovers, here named Longvil and Bruce, adoring 
honestly Clarinda and Miranda. In these portraits he errs 
as far from Dryden as he does from his more illustrious 
contemporary, Congreve, marring his art, indeed, by them, 
for too frequently his plays are thus divided sharply into two 
atmospheres almost independent the one of the other. What 
Dryden thought of them may be seen by a reference to the 
line in MacFlecknoe concerning ‘‘Whole Raymond Families 
and Tribes of Bruce.” 

The satire in The Virtuoso is more subtly chosen. The 
Restoration gallants must have appreciated the picture of 
Sir Nicholas Gimcrack, the “‘ Virtuoso,” and of Snarl, who 
admires nothing but the things of a former age?. 

Shadwell’s work in comedy was continued after this till 
towards the close of the century. About March 1678 ap- 

1 The comedy is interesting, also, for a sentence of Bruce’s in the first 
act: that gentleman declares “‘the Race of Gentlemen is more degenerated 
than that of Horses.” It is just possible that Swift may have had this in 
mind, just as he seems to have had in mind another play of the later 


period, D’Urfey’s Wonders in the Sun (Hay. 1706), when he was writing 
the tales of the Brobdingnags and Houyhnhnms. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 195 


peared at D.G. A True Widow, which, because it showed up 
the “‘crying sin of Keeping,”’ was a failure on the stage!. In 
this play Shadwell, who was evidently on friendly terms with 
Dryden, has indulged in no direct satire at any particular 
form of dramatic art, the whole being a pure comedy of 
humours with, even, a few touches reminiscent of the poet 
laureate. Some of these humours are “‘ new,” to use Shadwell’s 
ownepithet, Lump, ‘‘a methodical Blockhead ” anda Christian 
by trade, being a distinctly novel type. The plot, however, 
is more confused than is Shadwell’s usual, and the rather 
vulgar touch of the author is painfully visible in the character 
of Lady Busy, who, in spite of her title, acts precisely as 
a bawd. 

The Woman Captain (D.G. c. Sept. 1679) is, intrinsically, 
a poorer play, although it was not unsuccessful on the stage. 
Mrs Gripe’s male part, certainly, is a fine acting one, and the 
manner in which she escapes from her husband and her 
obtained freedom in the end are not without interest for us, 
and must have had a similar interest for contemporary 
audiences. It may be noted that Shadwell displays less of 
the direct influence of Jonson here than he does in any of his 
comedies. 

The Lancashire Witches, and Tegue o Divelly the Irish Priest 
appeared at D.G. about Sept. 1681, and was followed by a 
sequel, The Amorous Bigotte, with the Second Part of Tegue 
o Divelly at D.L. about March 1690. The first of these two 
companion plays is interesting almost solely for its political 
element and for the presence in it of the witches. “‘Fops 
and Knaves,” Shadwell informs us, “ Are the fittest Characters 
for Comedy, and this Town was wont to abound with variety 
of Vanities and knaveries till this unhappy Division. But all 
run now into Politicks, and you must needs, if you touch 
upon any Humour of this Time, offend one of the Parties.” 
Shadwell had analysed his difficulties aright, but he had not 
been able to avoid them. Again he was unfortunate in his 
satire. Instead of ridiculing the Roman Clergy alone, he 
turned on the Anglican church in the character of Smerk, 


1 See the dedication to Sedley. 
13-2 


196 COMEDY 


with the result that the censor cut out vast scenes to the 
detriment of the play. In this, Shadwell had not the skill 
and the grace of a Dryden. 

The witches are interesting as a relic of Elizabethan 
example. Whether Shadwell really believed in them is un- 
certain. Probably he was truly “‘somewhat Costive of Belief”’: 
possibly, on the other hand, he had a slightly greater faith 
in them than Dr Ammann would admit. In any case, the 
witches are fine spirity creatures acting according to the best 
recipes, the author appending to the first three acts voluminous 
‘Notes upon the Magick,” in an endeavour to find medieval 
authority for some of the not too savoury pranks of his weird 
sisters. 

In his next comedy Shadwell turned away from politics, 
presenting in The Squire of Alsatia (D.L. May 1688) a picture 
of that underground existence of villains and rooks which 
Scott has repainted for us in The Fortunes of Nigel. Here 
Shadwell has turned from the upper-class life of the time, 
an aspect of life which after all he was less qualified to depict, 
and has displayed a realistic and valuable picture of middle- 
class citizens, of thieves, of rascals in the London of the 
seventeenth century. Severe as Langbaine is on this play as 
a plagiarised performance, there is no question that it is a 
real life—often too real life—picture of the times. It is very 
difficult, indeed, attempting to analyse our feelings on reading 
such a comedy as this is. With Congreve as we have seen 
we are in a comparatively artificial world, at least a world of 
the intellect, and it is almost with an effort that we relate 
the puppet figures of his stage to what we know of the author, 
_of Dryden, of Rochester. With Shadwell, somehow, it is 
different. Congreve is the pure artist. Shadwell is something 
besides. He is a perverted moralist: and it is precisely his 
perverted morals—his relating of art to life—that causes us 
to shrink in horror from the picture which he presents to us. 
That his audience felt no horror is proved by the phenomenal 
success of this comedy, a fact which incidentally serves to 


1 Ammann, Dr E., Analysis of Thomas Shadwell’s Lancashire Witches, 
Bern, 1905. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 197 


emphasise the relationship it held to their own thoughts and 
to their own lives. : 

Shadwell’s next few comedies hardly reach the level of 
those which went before. They reflect the new love of farce 
which was so rapidly taking possession of the comic stage in 
the last years of the century, and there is just the faintest 
touch in them of the disintegrating spirit of sentimentalism. 
Bury Fair (D.L. c. April 1689) is a well-written play, and, 
unlike most of Shadwell’s, not too coarse. It has a great deal 
of tomfoolery in it, mainly centring around the characters 
of Sir Humphrey and Oldwit, and there is the inevitable girl 
disguised as a boy as well as the improvised count: but even 
these farcical elements do not make Bury Fair a bad play. 
Wildish, one of the heroes of the piece, is not so vulgar as 
some others of his companions on the comic stage and Lord 
Bellamy, if a trifle priggish, is a living and vital character, 
who, in his “‘moral” aspect, indicates the change of tone 
visible after 1690. The Scowrers (D.L. c. Dec. 1690) followed 
in little more than a year, a comedy to which Langbaine paid 
the, for him, tremendous compliment of absolving it from 
any doubts as regards plagiarism. The prologue emphasises 
its ““moral” tendency, and in the relations between Sir 
William Rant and his father we are already far away from the 
typical Restoration filial and paternal rapprochements. “‘ Good 
Sir,” says Sir William, “‘No more: you’ll break my Heart. 
Gentle and kind Reproof I cannot bear.”’ It is a speech that 
would have come but artificially from the mouths of any of 
the graceless rascals of the preceding decades. The con- 
version of the same gentleman and of his friend Wildfire by 
the pure love with which they are suddenly smitten for 
Eugenia and for Clara respectively has elements in it that 
also have relationships with the sentimental fashion?. 

The Scowrers was Shadwell’s last comedy to be issued in 
his lifetime. His widow, however, published posthumously 
a still further, but not very brilliant one, The Volunteers, or, 


1 Although in 11. i there is a sentence that ably sums up the philosophy 
of the manners heroes: ‘“‘ When a man is lewd with a bon Grace there’s 
something in it, but a Fellow that is aukwardly wicked is not to be born 
i.e. borne).” 


198 COMEDY 
The Stock Fobbers (D.L. c. Nov. 1692). Although there is 


more than one good character in this piece, General Blunt 
and Colonel Hackwell being most excellently drawn, this 
last comedy shows a falling off from the former two plays. 
It has almost the appearance of having been written earlier 
and laid aside until it was resurrected by the poet’s relict. 
The sentimental style, save in Eugenia’s country-loving pro- 
pensities, is conspicuous by its absence, the whole comedy 
being taken up with an intrigue plot of doubtful propriety 
mingled with often undigested satire against affected ladies 
and beaux of the “‘ Fantastick, Concited”’ type. 

Notwithstanding the comparative neglect which has been 
accorded him by critics, it must be apparent, from even the 
short notices of his plays which I have given here, that 
Thomas Shadwell is an author by no means to be so lowly 
rated. No writer has so covered the entire Restoration period 
with his work as he has done. No writer has revealed with 
such a life-like touch the details of the society of his age. If, 
on the one hand, as Professor Saintsbury avers}, he was in 
a way a father of the comedy of manners, although that claim 
be somewhat doubtful, in his old age he was one of the 
fathers of the comedy of sentiment. Undoubtedly, for sheer 
merit, as for historical importance, he stands next to Dryden 
after the great masters of the manners comedy. 

The school of Jonson, while it saw its most pronounced 
disciple in Thomas Shadwell, had many other supporters in 
the age, some of them men who had already written comedies 
and tragedies in pre-Commonwealth days. Indeed, Shadwell 
himself may well have taken some of his inspiration from these 
early Restoration writers rather than always directly from 
Jonson, his master. On the other hand, we must remember 
that the majority of these humours dramatists do not display 
that type of comedy in its purest form. Their workmanship 
is frequently crude, and only too often their efforts descend 
to the levels of farce. It is, indeed, the debased comedy of 
humours and the debased imitations of Moliére mingled with 
the influence of the commedia del? arte tradition that produced 


1 Preface to the Mermaid Shadwell. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 199 


the farce type of drama proper in the latter years of the 
century. 

Of these dramatists, first must be named Abraham Cowley, 
whose Cutter of Coleman Street was produced in 1661 by the 
Duke’s company. This play was but a rehashing for changed 
conditions of the same author’s The Guardian (1650) which 
had been acted at Cambridge in 16411. Its scene was altered 
to “‘ London, in the year 1658” and its main purpose devoted 
to the lashing of the Puritans in the person of ‘“‘Mistris 
Fear-the-Lord Barebottle.” Save for a few touches of more 
refined wit, and in spite of Lamb’s enthusiasm for it, it 
seems to be remarkable in no very particular way, although, 
as Elia has pointed out, the character of Puny does have a 
certain interest in that he was the ancestor of the ‘‘half- 
witted wits” of a later period?. 

A play of somewhat similar tendencies was The Rump, or, 
The Mirrour of the Late Times, written by John Tatham, an 
author who had already produced several plays both before 
the closing of the theatres and during Commonwealth times. 
This play, which had apparently been penned before the 
dissolution of Parliament by Monk in Feb. 1659/60, was 
certainly on the market by Nov. 1660, and was perhaps one 
of the first plays produced at Whitefriars in Dorset Court by 
Rhodes under Monk’s licence. Not very remarkable save for 
its political bias, much of its humour turns on the Scots 
dialect spoken by Lord Stoneware, a dialect that seems to 
have been a favourite with the author, as it had appeared also 
in Jocky and Billy, the two Scots beggars in The Scots 
Figgaries and in the ‘‘Scotch Mountebank” of The Dis- 
tracted State. Possibly the play’s best feature from a literary 
point of view is the portrayal of ambition and folly in the 
figure of Lady Lambert. 

Another writer, thoroughly “loyal,” who produced scenes 
after the old manner, was John Wilson, a native of Plymouth, 
who, besides a tragedy and a tragi-comedy, contributed two 


1 See Smith, G. C. Moore, College Plays (1923), pp. 70 and 9o. 
2 Lamb, G., Specimens of the English Dramatists (ed. Macdonald, W.,; 


1914, Il. 275). 


200 COMEDY 


Jonsonian pieces to the stage. Both of these have received 
plaudits of praise from dramatic historians—from Langbaine, 
hard to please, from Genest, from Maidment and Logan, 
who call The Cheats “‘cleverly written,” and from the editors 
of the Biographia Dramatica, not to mention more numerous 
modern instances. Wilson is certainly one of the best of 
those later Elizabethans who endured over the Common- 
wealth period, but hardly, one would imagine, deserves all 
the laurel that has been bestowed upon him. The Cheats 
(T.R. in V.St. March 1662/3) is but a would-be imitation 
of Jonson, with little to relieve its incoherent brutality save 
the rather good scene in I. iit where pedantic experts in 
etymology are satirised?. The Projectors (unacted? 1665)? did 
not make its appearance till later. It, too, is an imitation, 
though not a slavish one, of Jonson’s manner, but it has 
simplicity and coherency of plot and of style, which the other 
has not. Cognate as it is with Moliére’s L’avare, it does not 
seem to be founded on that play, but develops somewhat of 
the same theme in a fairly original and boisterous manner, 
Boisterous and farcical plays of a like sort were produced 
by John Lacy, an actor at the Theatre Royal. The pupil of 
John Ogilby in dancing and in acting®, he was the pupil, 
albeit a poor one, of Jonson in his dramatic art. His The Old 
Troop, or, Monsieur Raggou (‘T.R. in B.St. 1665) is remarkable 
for not whitewashing altogether the Cavaliers, but even ultra- 
loyal Tatham and Cowley had not done that’. It is but a poor 
farcical piece of work, although it held the stage for nearly 
sixty years. Lacy’s adaptation of Shakespeare in Sauny the 
Scott, or, The Taming of the Shrew (T.R.in B.St. April 1667) 
has no more merit. ‘The main humour is kept up by the 
title-character, whom Lacy himself played, the wis comica of 
whose personality seems to come from the fact that he habi- 


1 On the Worcester MS. of The Cheats see Boas, F. S., Shakespeare 
and the Universities (1923). 

2 There is no satisfactory proof that it was ever acted. The B.D. is 
probably wrong in saying that it was “‘acted with success.” 

® Aubrey, Brief Lives (ed. Clark, A., Oxford, 1898, 11. 28). 

4 Cf. the “two Hectors” in The Cheats, Bilboe and Titere Tu, “the 
one usurping the name of a Major, the other of a Captain,” as well as 
Cutter and Worm in Cutter of Coleman Street. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL  20r 


tually employs words not commonly mentioned in polite 
society. For his third play, The Dumb Lady, or, The Farrier 
made Physician (T.R. in B.St. 1669), Lacy travelled to 
Moliére, forming his farcical comedy of humours out of 
Le médecin malgré lui and L’amour médecin. In spite of the 
fact that this, as well as his other comedies, has been favour- 
ably noticed by dramatic historians, Lacy’s genius appears, 
on careful examination, to have been of the flimsiest sort. 
The Dumb Lady is hardly anything more than a mere farce 
and its dialogue is execrable. The characters are of no value 
either as psychological studies or as humours, and all that 
comedy rises to is a kind of miserable tom-foolery unrelieved 
by gracious sentiments or the presence of intellectual clarity. 
Sir Hercules Buffoon, or, The Poetical Squire (D.G.c. Sept. 
1684) is equally poor, farcical elements being everywhere 
prominent. The most interesting portions of it have merely 
an historical significance. These are the little satiric touches 
on wits and on heroic poetry, touches which display a certain 
feeling abroad in the age, a surfeit of the glorious sentiment, 
a kind of boredom at those clamorous denizens of the 
pitt. 

The comedy of humours, with many variations into the 
other types of intrigue and of farce, continued through the 
whole forty years of the Restoration period. Sir Robert 
Howard, who holds such an important position in the de- 
velopment of the theatre in the years following 1660, pre- 
sented one important specimen of the humours comedy in 


1 “To be witty now is to be more troublesome in a Play-house than a 
Butcher at a Bear-Garden....That’s Wit to see Plays for nothing,—one 
act in the Pit, another in a Box, and a third in the Gallery—that’s Wit.” 
And again: 

“* Squire: But, Father, which do you hold to be the most honourable, your 
comick or heroick Poet? 

Hercules: Oh your Heroick without doubt because he comes nearer to 
the Romantick strain than the other. 

Squire: Romantick! what signifies the word Romantick? 

Hercules: Why it comes from the word Romance, and Romance is the 
Arabic word for a Swinger, and Swinger is the Hebrew word 
for a Liar. 

Squire: By this you prove the Heroic Poets to be Liars? 

Hercules: No, no, by no means, Romantically inclined, only.” 


202, COMEDY 
The Committee (T.R. in V.St. Nov. 1662). This, undoubtedly 


the most valuable of Howard’s plays, is interesting for several 
things, first, because it is a “ political” comedy, with rancour 
at the Commonwealth régime, and secondly, because, with 
no very striking originalities, it yet catches somewhat of the 
breezy air of Ben Jonson’s characters. The “‘Committee” is 
the Sequestration Committee, and the plot circles around the 
hypocritical Mr and Mrs Day, their daughter Ruth, their 
ward Arabella, and Colonels Bluntand Careless, the last being 
a couple of idealised portraits of true Cavalier spirit and 
honesty. Running through this plot, with a free and easy 
broad comedy manner, goes Teague or Teg, Careless’ Irish 
servant, a character, taken from life it is said, which was one 
of the favourites of the actor Lacy and did much to make 
the play a permanent success throughout the whole of the 
Restoration period. 

Howard’s other comedies, when placed alongside The 
Committee, hardly merit much attention. The Blind Lady 
(1660) was never acted in any theatre, and is a poor piece of 
work, while The Surprisall (T.R. in V. St. Nov. 1662), with 
its Italian scenes, chockfull of asides and ‘‘drawings” of 
swords and daggers, is almost entirely negligible. 

Edward Howard, like his brother Robert, also wrote 
comedies much in the same strain. Six Days’ Adventure, or, 
The New Utopia (L.1.F. c. March 1671) is one of the few 
omissions of the patient Genest. In spite of a poor reception 
on the stage it was ushered out in print by four sets of 
laudatory verses, two of them by Aphra Behn and Ravens- 
croft respectively. It is a fair production, but in its sad 
admixture of semi-classical and of modern names, it grates 
on the edges of our more fastidious taste?. The Man of 
Newmarket (D.L. ¢. April, 1678), Howard’s other comedy, 
has a certain interest of its own as being a kind of adaptation 


* It was seen by Evelyn on Nov. 27, 1662. Genest gives the date wrongly 
as April 10, 1665. Pepys saw it on June 12, 1663, and thought it “‘a merry 
but indifferent play, only Lacy’s part, as Irish footman, is beyond 
imagination.” 

Fi Eugenia, Euphorbus, etc., alongside Franckman and Foppering. For 
a similar admixture of names see Sedley’s The Mulberry-Garden. 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 203 


of the Jonsonian style to the race-course, but as a dramatic 
work of art it falls below the Six Days’ Adventure. 

During the early years of the period, William Cavendish, 
Duke of Newcastle, is to be remembered, partly for the fact 
that he took over some of Jonson’s style, partly for the fact that 
he succeeded in fusing that style with something of novelty. 
The Humorous Lovers (L.1.F. March 1667) which appeared 
in the same year as his joint work with Dryden, Sir Martin 
Mar-aill, is interesting for its ‘‘theatre” scene! and for the 
snatches of song and of masque, elements which the noble 
author was to develop more largely in his later play?. This 
later play, The Triumphant Widow, or, The Medley of 
Humours, produced at D.G. certainly by Nov. 1674, is a 
decidedly peculiar comedy, worth noticing, not only for its 
occasional flashes of wit and for its satire of heroic poetry®, 
but also for its strange structure, a structure that reminds us 
forcibly, as Sir A. W. Ward has pointed out‘, of the later 
comic opera. Newcastle, no doubt, was simply developing 
suggestions left by the Elizabethans in that direction, but 
those developments of his effectually separate off the play 
from the average contemporary drama®. It is observable that 
some of the characters of this play of Newcastle’s—Justice 
Spoil-wit and Sir John Noddy—gave to Thomas Shadwell 
suggestions for his masterpiece, Bury Fair. 

The other humours plays of the Restoration period stand 
on a much lower level than those already mentioned. They 
are of value only from an historical point of view, as being 
fairly typical specimens, of the ordinary fare of the theatres. 
Thomas Rawlins, principal engraver at the Mint, published 
anonymously after the Restoration two such comedies, Tom 


2 vind ii; 

2 The character of Boldman here and that of Comely in The English 
Monsieur no doubt did much to popularise the anti-love and marriage 
type that was so common during this period. 

3 Chiefly in the character of Crambo, but also in other scattered pas- 
sages: cf. the Musician in 111. i. 

* Op. citi. 3345 

5 The play is full of Shakespearian reminiscences. The Footpad is 
Autolycus: Lady Haughty and her maid in one scene remind us of Portia 
and Nerissa: the Constable has touches of Shakespeare’s clownish 
officials. 


204. COMEDY 


Essence, or, The Modish Wife (D.G. c. Sept. 1676) and 
Tunbridge-Wells, or, A Day’s Courtship (D.G. c. March, 
1678)!. The former, which was a vacation production, has 
at least half of its plot derived from Moliére’s Le cocu 
imaginaire. It is quite well worked out, but is too realistic 
in places where realism might conveniently have been 
omitted from a stage production. Tunbridge-Wells is a very 
similar play, with nothing particularly noteworthy in it save 
that, although greatly concerned with Jonsonian humours, 
particularly in the characters of Owmuch, Paywel and Parson 
Quibble, it pays tribute also to the manners style in Fairlove, 
Wilding, Alinda and Courtwit. 

The Town-Shifts, or, The Suburb-Fustice (L.1.F. c. April 
1671) by Edward Revet, is hardly worth mentioning. It 
again is a comedy of humours, wherein the author has aimed 
at reproducing certain Elizabethan tones in the characters 
of Clowt the Constable, Goody Fells and Mold the Sexton. 
A similarly summary dismissal may be given to the anony- 
mous The Woman turn’d Bully (D.G. c. July 1675), an 
exceedingly dull comedy in spite of Langbaine’s criticism of 
it”, and of value only when considered with other plays, such 
as that of Revet, as forming part of the repertoire of the play- 
houses. Indeed, it is hardly worth while descending much 
further into the depths of the ordinary rank and file of 
Restoration workmanship in this style. By a brief mention 
of one or two other minor plays, memorable for certain 
definite points of interest, we may fitly close this account of 
the comedy of humours as it appeared in the Restoration. 

Again for Shakespearian reminiscences, particularly in the 
scene of the Watch, we may recall The Morning Ramble, or, 
The Town Humours (D G. Nov. 1672) ascribed by Langbaine 
to Nevil Payne. The plot of this play is exceedingly weak, 
but the dialogue moves easily and the author, Payne or 


1 It is possible that neither of these were by him. Rawlins had published 
in 1640 The Rebellion, declaring that that was to be his sole attempt at 
dramatic production. Tom Essence is anonymous, and Tunbridge-Wells, 
according to the title-page, ‘“‘by a Person of Quality.” The ascription to 
Rawlins is due to Langbaine (Momus Triumphans, p. 32 note h). 

2 It was “A very Diverting Comedy,” he thought (p. 556). 


JONSONIAN ELEMENT: SHADWELL 205 


another, had some conception at least of the delineation of 
character. Laurence Maidwell’s The Loving Enemies (D.G. 
c. Oct. 1679) on the other hand, is to be remembered, not 
for any decided beauties in it, but for its promise. Its plot 
certainly is hopelessly artificial!; it is obviously the work of 
an amateur, but had Maidwell produced some other comedies 
he might have given something quite valuable to the stage. 
The character of Circumstantio, that ‘‘formal Valet de 
Chambre very troublesome with impertinent Rhetorick,” is 
exceedingly well-drawn. 

Besides these, are a certain number of Jonsonian “‘political ” 
pieces which may for a moment claim our attention. Mr 
Turbulent, or, The Melanchollicks (D.G. Jan. 1681/2) re- 
issued three years later as The Factious Citizen, or, The 
Melancholy Vistoner”, is one of the best of these. Another is 
The Rampant Alderman, or, News from the Exchange (printed 
1685), a three-act piece, largely a farcical rendering of 
Marmion’s The Fine Companion, with recollections of Jonson. 
The appearance of this latter comedy in 1685 shows well the 
way towards which the Jonson comedy was tending in the 
last years of the century. After Shadwell, we may say, there 
are few of the rich rough, realistic comedies of the old style. 
Of the very few The Lover’s Luck (L.1.F. c. Dec. 1695) by 
Thomas Dilke is probably the most noticeable. Rather 
coarsely written, it yet succeeds in presenting in a fairly fresh 
manner such well worn stock characters as Sir Nicholas 
Purflew, ‘‘a formal Herald and Antiquary” and Alderman 
Whim, ‘“‘a Projector and Humourist.’”’ Than this, Dilke’s 
other two comedies are considerably weaker, although of the 

1 Lorenzo and Marcello hate one another through a family feud, but 
Julia, Lorenzo’s sister, loves Marcello without his ever having seen her. 
In exactly similar manner, Camilla, Marcello’s sister, loves Lorenzo. 
Antonio loves Lucinda, old Paulo’s daughter, while pretending to pay 
suit to the Widow, whom Paulo courts for himself. There is a scene of 
Camilla’s coming to a duel, very similar to a situation in one of the plays 
of Mrs Behn. 

2 This fact seems to have been unnoticed by Genest, who does not 
mention Mr Turbulent, and enters The Factious Citizen as acted at D.G. 
sat) bake Oats,” i.e. Titus Oates, appears in person—‘‘ one who squeaks 
Sedition in the Coffee-House.” 


206 COMEDY 


same spirit and style. The City Lady, or, Folly Reclaim’d 
(L.L.F. c. Jan. 1697) appears, from the dedication, to have 
been a failure on the stage, wherein it shared the fate of 
many of these Jonsonian or Shadwellian pieces. The Pre- 
tenders, or, The Town Unmaskt (L.1.F. 1698), with its lengthy 
descriptive list of dramatis personae, shows clearly its indebted- 
ness to the same source. The Fortune-Hunters, or, Two Fools 
well met (D.L. c. March 1689), by Capt. James Carlisle’, 
ridiculous as some of its incidents are, is a comedy that 
merits attention along with the first mentioned of Dilke’s. 
Unlike Dilke’s, however, it appears to have been successful’, 
and was later heavily plundered by Cibber for The Woman’s 
Wit. 

‘‘ Shadwellian” humours of a low type fill, likewise, The 
Wary Widdow, or, Sir Noisy Parrat (D.L. Feb. 1692/3) the 
sole production of Henry Higden. Neither it nor the some- 
what similar anonymous comedy?, The Bragadocio, or, The 
Bawd turn’d Puritan (1691) presents anything very note- 
worthy. 

The truth is, that, after 1680, the pure play of humours 
appears to have made little appeal to the audiences of the 
time. The comedy of humours thereafter passed away, and 
the humours farce came to take its place. If pure humours 
of a really comic standard appeared in the drama, they did 
so not in Jonsonian plays but in the comedies of manners, 
where the spirits of Jonson and of Fletcher seemed to meet, 
or in the comedies of sentiment where often they were 
introduced as a background for other more modern char- 
acters. Those who, like Shadwell, continued in the older 
strain, were deemed out of date, relics of a bygone age, un- 
worthy the attention of an elegant and witty audience of 
courtiers tutored to something more delicate and more re- 
fined. 


* He fought in Ireland under William III. Captain is the title given 
him in the advertisement of this play at the end of Shadwell’s The 
Scowrers (D.L. 1690). 

2 See Gildon’s Langbaine, p. 16. 

3 The title-page states it was “‘by a Person of Quality.” 


COMEDY OF INTRIGUE: MRS BEHN 207 


IV. The Comedy of Intrigue: Mrs Behn 


The same phenomenon may be seen, although in not so 
marked a degree, in the development of the comedy of 
Spanish intrigue. Here again the Restoration theatre bor- 
rowed wholesale from the older stage, adding to the earlier 
Caroline Spanish impress by direct translation or adaptation 
from Calderon and his compeers. Again, however, as with 
the comedy of humours, the pure comedy of intrigue failed 
to hold its own to the end of the century. Popular from 1660 
to 1670, it rapidly drifted away into the types of manners 
or of farce, remaining in its pure form only in the hands of a 
few dramatists who, like Mrs Behn, retained a love for the 
particular species with which they had started their theatrical 
careers. 

The popularity of the intrigue style in the earlier years of 
the period must have been influenced considerably by the 
tastes of Charles. He it was, as we have seen, who suggested 
to Sir Samuel Tuke the Spanish drama from which was 
fashioned The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. Jan. 1663)1, 
a comedy which proved one of the greatest successes of the 
first years of the new theatres. Like many of these “‘Spanish”’ 
plays, The Adventures of Five Hours is an admixture of fun 
and of seriousness. It is a regular intrigue play of love, 
revenge, and honour, alternating grave with gay, dignified 
Spanish manners with the ludicrous tomfooleries of serving 
men. From its pure style and its admirable workmanship 
one may well regret that it was the sole comedy which its 
author produced, even although one cannot now subscribe 
to Pepys’ violently encomiastic criticism of it?. 

About the same date as the production of 'Tuke’s play, 
Porter was composing his The Carnival (L.I.F. 1663 ?), a well- 

1 It had been on rehearsal before that date, and seems to have been 
intended for a first production on Dec. 15, 1662. 

2 See Pepys for Jan. 8, 1662/3, when he thought it “the best...that 
ever I saw, or think ever shall.” Othello became insipid to him after 


reading it. It was printed in 1663 and reprinted in 1664; “Revis’d and 
Corrected” in 1671. Several other editions followed in the eighteenth 


century. 


208 COMEDY 


written drama, although now completely forgotten. It, too, 
is a comedy of the Spanish intrigue class, cast in a kind of 
blank verse, very irregular, but not at all harsh. To Porter 
is also ascribed A Witty Combat, or, The Female Victor, 
which, if Genest’s supposition be right!, is The German 
Princess which Pepys saw at L.IL.F. on April 15, 1664. This 
latter play is interesting as being a more middle class drama 
than is typical of Restoration literature. The hypocritical 
parson and Mr King are two characters well-drawn, and 
there is a fresh little song in the third act that deserves 
remembering: 
Away, away, flatter no more 
My easie Faith, for now I see 
What thou in me seem’d to adore 
Thou mak’ st thy pleasures property; 
No more, no more will I believe 
The man that can so soon deceive. 

Like The Carnival, of Spanish extraction also is Tarugo’s 
Wiles, or, The Coffee-House (L.I.F. Oct. 1667) by Sir Thomas 
St Serfe. Its coffee-house scene is particularly good, although 
probably not very germane to the plot. It, like The Adven- 
tures of Five Hours, had a great popularity in the first years 
of the Restoration, a popularity that continued till well on 
in the century. The Adventures of Five Hours as well as The 
Carnival and Tarugo’s Wiles must have done much to fix 
the success of the Spanish comedy in the period 1660-70. 
From that date, however, this particular type was popularised 
chiefly by one writer, Mrs Aphra Behn, those others who 
adopted it mostly mingling it with manners or with farce. 
Mrs Behn, we may say, holds, in relation to the development 
of the comedy of intrigue, much the same position that 
Shadwell holds in relation to the development of the comedy 
of humours. 

Of all the dramatists of the Restoration, Mrs Behn is 
probably the best known, mostly because of the frequent 
reprints of her works, reprints which culminated in the recent 
excellent critical collection edited by Mr Montague Summers. 


1 1, 51-53. It is declared on the title-page to be by T. P. 


COMEDY OF INTRIGUE: MRS BEHN 209 


On the other hand, Mrs Behn, by almost every Puritan critic, 
has been cold-shouldered on account of her supposed in- 
decency. The fact is that she is no worse, and is often a 
great deal better, than the average playwright of her age. 
Indecent, free, sometimes positively vulgar, she was in several 
of her plays; but, on the whole, when we compare her works 
with similar productions of D’Urfey and Shadwell, even of 
Dryden, we can only stand amazed at the comparative purity 
of her dialogue. She has, moreover, on many occasions 
introduced thoughts and ideas which not only display her 
unconventional and modern attitude towards life’s relations, 
but also formed the basis for not a few moralisations in the 
sentimental eighteenth century to come. 

Modern she was, and in more senses than one. Mr Whibley 
has noted that “‘her success depended on her ability to write 
like a man,” and in this assuredly there is some truth. She 
is the first of the modern women. The Renascence gave us 
woman types who were the perfect complements of men— 
Vittoria Colonna, or even her frailer sister, Veronica Franco 
—the modern world has givenus the ideal of woman’s equality 
with man. It is the latter ideal which Mrs Behn represents. 
Her postal communication with Major Halsall is as between 
one man and another?: her secret service work was the work 
of a man: she was probably the first woman to earn her living 
by her pen. It is as such, if we are to be just, that we must 
think of her: not as the companion of the Restoration roué, 
more dissolute than he, but as the pioneer of our modern 
womanhood. She herself did not wish to outrival Dryden in 
his looseness of phrase, or Shadwell in his vulgarities: 


Her humble Muse soars not in the High-rode, 
Of Wit transverst, or Baudy A-la-Mode... 


she cried in one play®, and a fuller feminist apologia may be 
found in the epilogue to another‘. 
Apart from the tragedies and the tragi-comedies with which 


1 Camb. Hist. Engl. Lit. vu. 142. 

2 See Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1666-1667, pp. 44, 72, 82. 
3 Epilogue to The Dutch Lover. 

4 To Sir Patient Fancy (D.G. 1678). 


NRD 14 


210 COMEDY 


she started her dramatic career, Mrs Behn’s plays may be 
divided into three several classes: those in which intrigue 
plays the chief part, those of a “‘moral” or “problem” 
tendency, and those wherein pure farce predominates. 

Of the first type she has given us several examples. The 
Dutch Lover (D.G. Feb. 1672/3) is based it is said on a 
so-called Spanish novel of “‘De las Coveras” entitled Don 
Fenise, the same that furnished D’Urfey with material for his 
Banditti (D.L. 1686). This comedy depends entirely on 
intrigue for its effect; all the characters are Spanish save 
“‘myn heer Haunce van Ezel” and his man, who are comically 
Dutch. It reads well, but is too complicated, turning on ill- 
sorted lovers and almost incestuous attachments. Three 
separate characters in the play are found to be of different 
parentage from what they thought. Noticeable is the song 
in Act 111, Sc. iii!, which has quite an Elizabethan ring about 
it, and the soliloquy immediately following, very reminiscent 
as it is of Shakespearian phrasing. 

A variant of the same species of comedy appears in The 
Debauchee, or, The Credulous Cuckold (D.G. c. Feb. 1676/7), 
a play not mentioned by Sir A. W. Ward, and little more than 
an adaptation of Brome’s The Mad Couple Well Match’t. 
The Rover, or, The Banish’t Cavaliers (First Part, D.G. 
March, 1677; Second Part, D.G. April, 1680) is a decidedly 
better and more individual play. Again a comedy of intrigue, 
set this time in Naples and in Madrid, it divides itself 


1 Ah false Amyntas, can that Hour 

So soon forgotten be, 

When first I yielded up my Power 
To be betray’d by thee? 

God knows with how much Innocence 
I did my Heart resign 

Unto thy faithless Eloquence, 
And gave thee what was mine. 


I had not one Reserve in store, 
But at thy Feet I laid 
Those Arms which conquered heretofore 
Though now thy Trophies made: 
Thy Eyes in silence told their Tale 
Of Love in such a way, 
‘That ’twas as easy to prevail, 
As after to betray. 


COMEDY OF INTRIGUE: MRS-BEHN ar 


naturally into two “camps” of characters—the Englishmen, 
centring around Willmore, the Rover, and the Spaniards. 
The characters of Willmore and of his mistress, Hellena, 
here recall to a certain extent the pair of lovers beloved by 
Dryden. Hellena speaks exactly like Florimel in Secret Love. 
At the close of the First Part these two are united happily, 
but in the Second, which is inferior to the former, we meet 
with Willmore alone, he having lost her by death. “Ay, 
faith,” he says, ““And nothing remains with me but the sad 
Remembrance—not so much as the least Part of her hundred 
thousand Crowns.” In that comment, for Mrs Behn had 
made us love Hellena, we truly feel at its worst the callous- 
ness of the age, a callousness that was more disastrous and 
soul-destroying than the vilest libertinism. The sole interest 
the Second Part can have for us to-day is in the introduction 
in it of Harlequin and Scaramouch, the former of whom, 
apparently, spoke extempore in Italian. 

Sir Patient Fancy (D.G. Jan. 1677/8) is of the same intrigue 
school, but is much more indecent than the former plays 
already mentioned, and probably more so than any of those 
which were yet unwritten. This is the play, indeed, which, 
more than any other, has inclined the minds of the critics 
to attribute a systematic looseness to the works of Mrs Behn. 
In point of fact, and taken in conjunction with The Rover, 
I should be inclined to think that it is almost entirely the 
influence of Dryden which has led this authoress away from 
the comparatively pure plots to this of most immodest in- 
trigue. Mr Limberham could contaminate a whole shoal of 
writers: and Dryden with his immodesty was showing to the 
playwrights of his time exactly what the audiences of the 
time desired. 

Typically of the intrigue type as intrigue appeared towards 
the close of the century is Mrs Behn’s next play, The Feign’d 
Curtizans, or, A Night’s Intrigue (D.G. c. March, 1679). 
Here can be seen very clearly the gradual tendency of this 
species towards the morass of farce. Genest has chosen to 
call it a good comedy, but to me it seems a poor and dull 

ay. 2706 
14-2 


212 COMEDY 


performance. There are no characters worth speaking of and 
the plot is a sorry contrivance, There is much disguising 
as men on the part of the woman, and in the fifth act appears 
Marcella “‘in Man’s Cloaths” and meets Fillamour for a 
duel in place of her brother, Julio, who stands behind—a 
situation already utilised by Mrs Behn in The Dutch Lover. 
Even a brief glance at the printed text of the comedy shows 
clearly enough that new farcical “business” was coming to 
take chief place in the building up of a comedy, the skill of 
the performer taking precedence over the skill of the play- 
wright. 

This, indeed, is the last play of Mrs Behn’s, except for the 
“problem” dramas and a couple of ‘‘true-blue Protestant” 
plays, The City Heiress, or, Sir Timothy Treat-all (D.G. 
c. March, 1681/2) and The Round-Heads, or, The Good Old 
Cause (D.G. c. Dec. 1681), the second merely a rehashing of 
Tatham’s The Rump, which can be styled by the name of 
comedy. The rest are farces of the flimsiest description, 
created purely to satisfy the particular tastes of the audiences 
of 1680 onwards. 

Intrigue seems, in this age, to have been peculiarly accept- 
able to the women writers, Mrs Pix and Mrs Manley uniting 
with Mrs Behn in presenting dramas of this type with, 
running through them, threads of sentiment and of moralisa- 
tion. The Spanish Wives (D.G. c. Sept. 1696) of the former, 
which in spite of its date, moves in a purely Restoration 
atmosphere, is set in Barcelona and deals mainly with the 
Governor, “‘a merry old Lord,” who gives his wife, but not 
successfully for himself, more liberties than appear to have 
been usual in contemporary Spain. The Innocent Mistress 
(L.I.F. c. Sept. 1697) appeared a few months later at the 
rival house. In it the tone is changed considerably, there 
being quite a definite sentimental tone running through it, 
in spite of the fact that it borrows more than a little from 
Etherege’s final comedy. The epilogue is valuable for some 


1 'The scene is Rome and the persons are all Italian or English. Notice- 
able are the quasi Italian phrases scattered through it and the song in the 
same tongue (III. i)—‘‘ Crudo Amore, Crudo Amore.” 


COMEDY OF INTRIGUE: MRS BEHN 2x 


historical references. The Deceiver Deceiv’d (L.1.F. c. Dec. 
1697), published the year following, was entirely unsuccessful. 
It is distinctly less brilliant than the former two. 

Mrs Manley’s one comedy, The Lost Lover, or, The Fealous 
Husband (D.L. c. April 1696) is almost entirely negligible, 
being a hastily written comedy and exceedingly short. It 
belongs, however, to the same tradition, and for that is 
interesting. 

Beyond the comedies of Dryden, which, as we have seen, 
form a special category of their own, very few of the intrigue 
plays of the period after 1675 merit special attention. John 
Corye’s The Generous Enemies, or, The Ridiculous Lovers 
(T.R. in B.St. Aug. 1671) is, in the words of the editors of 
the Biographia Dramatica, one “entire piece of plagiarism 
from beginning to end!,” being derived from Quinault, 
Corneille, Randolph and Fletcher. ‘The various elements are 
hardly amalgamated with any signal success. Mountfort’s 
The Successfull Straingers (D.L. c. Dec. 1689) is more serious, 
and contains some blank verse that is decidedly felicitous. 
It is, however, neither touching in its tragic portions nor 
over-witty in the comic. In spite of a prologue by Dryden 
and an epilogue by Tate, Harris’ The Mistakes, or, The False 
Report (D.L. c. Dec. 1690), another tragi-comedy of the same 
class, merits no greater attention. Scened in Naples, with 
Spanish characters, it does not rise to higher levels than does 
the comedy of Corye. 

All these plays, however, bad as some of them individually 
may be, are valuable as showing the last relics of this style 
of drama existing alongside, but being rapidly submerged 
by, its debased farcical form. Intrigue comedy had a great 
influence on the theatre of the Restoration: intrigue plays a 
great part in the structure of the comedy of manners, and 
intrigue forms the largest element in the comedies of John 
Dryden. On the other hand, in its pure form, except for the 

1 Biographia Dramatica, 1. 259. 

2 There seems to be no good reason for presuming that the play has 
been wrongly fathered on Harris. His name appears on the title-page, 


although the preface admits that Mountfort wrote one scene in the first 
act. 


214 COMEDY 


few odd dramas of Mrs Behn and the others, it ceased to be 
"very popular on the stage, for much the same reasons that 
explain the disappearance of the Jonsonian drama. 


V. The Comedy of Dryden 


Dryden, in the progress of Restoration comedy, holds 
somewhat of a central position. In him appear the intrigue 
strain and the humours strain, alongside of suggestions which 
led on the one hand to the comedy of manners and on the 
other to the comedy of sentiment. 

In general, it may be said that Dryden’s comedy owes 
more than that of the majority of his contemporaries to the 
theatre of the pre-Commonwealth period. It is certainly true 
that, in many ways, the comedy of manners owes to him, if 
not its actual inception, at least its heralding, yet, on the 
other hand, the entire ensemble, the spirit of Dryden, is by 
no means similar to that of Congreve. Dryden introduces a 
kind of spurious romance into his comedies which Congreve 
never knew. Sometimes he is more given to humours: and 
nowhere did he know the fine sparkle and zest with which 
the masters of the new comedy irradiated their compositions. 
The heroes of Etherege and of Congreve, too, are more 
dilettante than Dryden’s are: there is a certain intensity 
about the wild madcap flirtations of Dryden’s Lovebys and 
Fainalls that is more emotional and more real, in the ordinary 
sense of that word, than the cynical intellectualism of the 
characters, let us say, of Etherege. The world of roués did 
not sit very well on Dryden. He had a heart and he showed 
it, and, although he could be more vulgar and more indecent 
than the worst of them, he sets our sympathies a-trembling 
for his lovers, wicked, frivolous, stupid creatures though 
they be. In their best plays neither Etherege nor Congreve 
ever touches our hearts. Herein lies the secret of their art. 

Dryden’s main contribution to the comic theatre was his 
lovers. ‘These lovers, adumbrated in his first play, and sug- 
gested probably by Nell Gwyn and by Hart, were the proto- 
types of the heroes and the heroines of the comedy of 


THE COMEDY OF DRYDEN 215 


Etherege, however far the two may stand apart in essentials. 
In Dryden’s very first play they make their appearance. The 
Wild Gallant (T.R. in V.St. Feb. 1662/3) is saved from utter 
imbecility only by the presence of Lady Constant and of 
Loveby. The plot, professedly modelled on the intrigues of 
the Spanish theatre, with an episode probably more ridiculous 
than any before or since put upon the stage, is incoherent 
and amateurish; the characters, too plainly borrowed from 
Jonson and from the followers of Jonson, are dull and mono- 
tonous. Surely no more tedious and clownish humour has 
ever been invented than that of the incessant jest-loving 
qualities of Bibber, the tailor. The Wild Gallant was un- 
successful, both in 1663 and when revived in an altered form 
in 1667, but it must have shown to the new dramatists of 
the first decade of the Restoration what could be done with 
the fresh wit and the realistic presentation of the gallants 
and their lady-loves. 

The intrigues of The Wild Gallant Dryden continued in 
The Rival Ladies (T.R. in B.St. c. June 1664), this time with 
the addition of a Spanish setting. Part of the plot seems 
borrowed from Scarron’s L’écolier de Salamanque, ou, Les 
généreux ennemies. 'This play, tragi-comical in its develop- 
ment, has a considerable historical importance because of the 
introduction in it of several scenes in rime, and because of 
the presence of the first of those wearisome love-disputes, 
happily styled by Professor Saintsbury “‘amatory Battle-dore 
and Shuttlecock!” with which Dryden seems deliberately to 
encumber so much of his later work. 

The pair of witty lovers, presented in The Wild Gallant, 
were repeated again, in a much finer form, in Dryden’s next 
tragi-comedy, Secret Love, or, The Maiden Queen (‘T.R. in 
B.St. March, 1667), a play derived from Le Grand Cyrus 
with hints from other exotic romances. By this time Etherege 
had produced his first play, but, because of The Wild Gallant, 
to Dryden must be given the credit of having invented first 
these lovers whom he has symbolically immortalised in 


1 Scott, W., and Saintsbury, G., The Dramatic Works of John Dryden 
(Edinburgh, 1882), 11. 128 and Ward, op. cit. 111. 347. 


216 COMEDY 


Celadon and Florimel. The whole worth of Secret Love lies 
in its comic scenes, and the very centre and life of those 
comic scenes are Celadon and Florimel. 

From this date the history of Dryden’s progress in comedy 
is a history of repetitions of these themes of intrigue and 
these characters of frivolous wit. Sir Martin Mar-all, or, 
The Feign’d Innocence appeared at L.I.F. six months after 
Secret Love (L.1.F, Aug. 1667). It would seem that this 
comedy was merely a re-working by Dryden of a translation 
made by the Duke of Newcastle of Moliére’s L’étourdi:. What- 
ever the story of its composition, however, it is evident that 
it was, as an early dramatic historian informs us, written 
solely for that apparently inimitable comedian, Noke or 
Nokes. No play proved more popular on the stage than Sir 
Martin Mar-all: it is to be questioned whether Dryden was 
better known in his own day by any play more than this. 
It certainly is a clever piece of work, uniting the intrigue 
loved during the early years of the Restoration, with French 
characters rendered coarser and more English in the spirit 
and the manner of Jonson, 

On June 19, 1668 appeared, again with a reversion to the 
T.R., An Evening’s Love, or, The Mock Astrologer, once more 
Spanish in scene and borrowed from a Spanish source, 
Calderon’s El astrologo fingido through Le feint astrologue of 
Corneille. The scene is Madrid of the Carnival, anno domini 
1665. Once more Celadon appears born again in Wildblood, 
acted by Hart, and Florimel in Jacintha, acted by Nell Gwyn. 
The more sedate character of Bellamy was taken by Michael 
Mohun, who, the year before, had impersonated Philocles 
in Secret Love. Not as beautiful or as striking as the comic 
scenes in this earlier play, An Evening’s Love does not give 
one quite such a sense of flagrant immorality, and why Pepys 
and Evelyn singled it out as “very smutty” and as ‘‘very 
profane” one can hardly tell—although one can well imagine 
the sense of shocked righteousness with which such a man as 
Jeremy Collier must have read the chapel scene. One notable 
feature is presented in An Evening’s Love, and that is Dryden s 
first important critical preface on comic themes, a preface 


THE COMEDY OF DRYDEN 217 


which reveals clearly enough his aim in dramatic art, showing 
plainly how broadly he stood at the parting of the ways of 
Jonson and of Congreve. Noting Jonson’s lack of repartee, 
he yet praises his humours, and ends by desiring a comedy 
with “‘neither so little of Humour as Fletcher shows, nor so 
little of Love and Wit as Fonson.”’ In those words the comedy 
of Dryden is defined : in those words is prophesied the comedy 
of manners. 

For the next few years Dryden does not seem to have been 
particularly successful in the realms of comedy, partly per- 
haps because of the rise of new and promising dramatists, 
partly because of the fact that he himself was engaged on 
tragedies and on other non-dramatic literary works. By 1672, 
when, about the month of May, there was acted by the King’s 
Company at L.I.F. the comedy called Marriage a la Mode, 
Dryden was well known in the intellectual circle of London, 
but by that date as well, Shadwell had established himself 
as a master of humours, Mrs Behn as an expert in intrigue, 
Ravenscroft as an able producer of rough farces, Etherege 
and Wycherley as captains of a new comedy of manners. 

Dryden, therefore, was by no means alone in the dramatic 
world of his day, but he continued, if not the most noted, 
at least one of the most popular writers of comedies. It is 
surprising to note how little, professional author as he was, 
he allowed himself to be influenced by the new styles coming 
into fashion. Marriage a la Mode is just such a play as 
Secret Love. One of the mixed species of romantic tragi- 
comedies, it has serious portions which do not seem to merit 
the slightly qualified condemnation given to them by Sir 
Walter Scott, Professor Saintsbury and the editors of the 
Biographia Dramatica. 'They are reminiscences, certainly, of 
the Sicilian episodes in the former play, but have a decided 
beauty of their own. In the same way, Celadon and Florimel 
are recalled in the Palamede-Doralice, Rhodophil-Melantha 
couples. Doralice is a kind of married Florimel, a Restora- 
tion Rosalind. It is noticeable that this comedy, licentious 
as is so much of the dialogue!, containing a song in Act IV 


1 See particularly the final scene. 


218 COMEDY 


indecent even beyond any of Dryden’s earlier ones, flaunts 
in the epilogue a kind of stage morality leading (by the 
Rhodophil story) to “‘the way to Reformation.” So far, 
possibly, Dryden felt faintly the impress of the rising reaction 
to the flagrant manners of the early Restoration days. 

A trifle later than Marriage a la Mode, appeared on the 
same stage The Assignation, or, Love in a Nunnery, and some 
six years later at D.G., The Kind Keeper, or, Mr Limberham 
(March, 1678). Both of these were unsuccessful, possibly 
because of the lack in them of the graceless couples which 
had dominated the early plays, possibly because of the in- 
decencies which marked out at least the second of them. For 
their failure, Dryden, as is the way with authors, blamed the 
actors, but the reason of the non-success, one would suspect, 
is to be sought for rather in the plays themselves. In The 
Assignation Dryden obviously tried to repeat Celadon and 
Florimel in Ascanio and Hippolita, but he has failed to give 
them the life which animated his first creations. In Mr 
Limberham he abandoned even any attempt to revitalise the 
pair, and left a drama which has in it not one figure of out- 
standing excellence. The Assignation is dull: Mr Limberham 
is indecent. It seems surprising that critics, from Langbaine 
to Saintsbury, have professed to find the latter comedy one 
of the best of Dryden’s. Judged even by the standards of its 
own time, it is terrible in tone. A sickening atmosphere of 
sex and of animalism hangs over it; nor is that atmosphere 
relieved by the presence of any airy wit. It may be a satire— 
a satire on “‘credulous Cuckolds” and on ‘‘ Keepers”’—but 
the satire passes little beyond the crudest realism. There is 
nothing to atone for the foetid odour that seems to hang 
about it. It is one of the truly immoral works of the period, 
and its failure may have been partly due to the gradual rise 
of sentimental feeling which subconsciously was filling the 
hearts of some with horror at the licentiousness of the times, 
which was driving others to hypocrisy and the concealing of 
outward immorality. 

No other comedy definitely known to be Dryden’s appeared 
until the production at D.G. of The Spanish Fryar, or, The 


THE COMEDY OF DRYDEN 219 


Double Discovery in March, 1680. On this play opinion has 
been very divided in the past. In its own day it was praised 
or condemned according as the critics were Protestants or 
Catholics. In later times it found a defendant in Sir Walter 
Scott, an opponent in Professor Saintsbury. To the average 
modern reader it seems an unsatisfactory piece of work. Its 
serious and comic portions are kept rather rigidly apart, and 
the masses of supposed fathers and hidden sisters and kings 
murdered only to be brought to life again, take from our 
appreciation of any wit there is in it. Its atmosphere is false, 
nor has it wit to bear it through. It has not the passion of 
Otway’s muse or the gaiety of Congreve’s, and is hardly 
likely ever to be resuscitated from the obscurity into which 
it has fallen. 

By 1680 Dryden’s work in comedy was nearly done. 
Amphitryon, or, The Two Socia’s was yet to make its ap- 
pearance at D.L. in April 1690, but Amphitryon differs in 
almost all things from Dryden’s other works. Confessedly 
based on Plautus and Moliére, it parts from both in the 
introduction of the love of Mercury for Phaedra, a love that 
reminds us again of Celadon and Florimel. It is Celadon 
and Florimel, however, in another age, less witty, less gay, 
more evilly suggestive. Mercury and Phaedra reflect in their 
own way the changing spirit of the time, just as the carnal 
love of Jupiter shows how the airy licentiousness of the court 
of Charles was moving towards a Puritanical lewdity. Amphi- 
tryon is an amusing and an interesting play, but it has not 
the charm which lingers over Dryden’s early works. 

On surveying the influence which Dryden exerted on the 
tragedy of his time, and noting his large productivity in 
comedy, it must seem surprising that the direct impress of 
his art was not greater than in reality it was. Indirectly he 
led the way towards the comedy of manners, yet the comedy 
of manners, as we have seen, stands sharply separated from 
his works. Of direct followers he had few. Mrs Behn, as we 
have seen, has reproduced his pair of lovers in The Rover, and 
Ravenscroft seemed to have Secret Love in mind when he 
was writing The Careless Lovers, but possibly the only 


220 COMEDY 


dramatist who consciously imitated him was the Hon. James 
Howard, Dryden’s own kinsman by marriage, author of All 
Mistaken, or, The Mad Couple (T.R. in B.St. Sept. 1667) and 
The English Monsieur (TR. in B.St. Dec. 1666). ‘The second 
of these two plays, produced just after Dryden’s triumphs, 
owes much to The Wild Gallant and to The Rival Ladies. 
Loveby and Lady Constant are reproduced there in Wellbred 
and Lady Wealthy. The comedy differs in type only in that 
the other characters, Comely, Vaine and Frenchlove, are 
more strongly coloured humours than the majority of the 
dramatis personae of Dryden, The same mad couple re- 
appears once more in the tragi-comedy, All Mistaken, in the 
persons of Philidor and Mirida, characters who call to mind 
at once Celadon and Florimel. 

Beyond these, however, and a few plays which are more 
directly associated with Dryden’s name, there is little that 
shows the definite impress of his style. Of the plays which 
are associated with him, two or three call for attention. 
About Sept. 1675, appeared at D.L.aplay called The Mistaken 
Husband, which, according to the address of the printer to 
the reader, had been given by a person of quality to Dryden 
about the year 1663. Considerable controversy has circled 
round this comedy, Professor Saintsbury denying any of it 
to the laureate+, Swinburne postulating Ir. i and Iv. iv as his?, 
The play, it must be admitted, has certain interesting and 
peculiar features. Mrs Manley has remained for nine years 
in her father’s (Learcut’s) house, her husband being gone 
abroad and she in mourning for his supposed death. Arrives 
an impostor, Hazard, and his friend, Underwit, who pretend 
that the former is in reality Manley, altered during the decade 
of his absence. Mrs Manley is wholly or partly deceived, 
and Hazard is accepted as the long-lost husband. In the 
interval Manley himself makes his appearance and proves his 
identity, but Mrs Manley has found out, on acquaintance, 
that she rather prefers Hazard. The real husband is paid off 


1 Scott, W., and Saintsbury, G., The Dramatic Works of John Dryden 
(Edinburgh, 1882), vii. 645-7. 
2 Gentleman’s Magazine, N.S., CCLXIX. 416-55. 


THE COMEDY OF DRYDEN 221 


and a marriage between the wife and the impostor is arranged. 
This Mrs Manley and Hazard situation does not lack of a 
certain spicy wit which might well have come from the pen 
of the laureate, Mrs Manley being rather an interestingly 
drawn prototype of the Shavian heroine, such as Hypatia in 
Misalliance. 

In 1663, when, we are told, Dryden was given this play 
by a person of quality, no dramatic works had come from his 
pen, so that it is probable that the unknown author was a 
friend, probably connected with the Howards, and it may be 
suggested that he may have been no other than T. Southland, 
brother-in-law of Sir R. Colbrand, who issued in 1663 Love 
a la Mode (acted at Middlesex House) and to whom might 
also be attributed The Ungrateful Favourite published as by 
“‘a Person of Honour” the following year. Both of these 
latter plays were printed by John Cotterel and both had the 
same Horatian motto on the title-pages, although only the 
first has the initials “‘J.S.”’ which led to the identification of 
the author. Neither The Ungrateful Favourite nor Love a la 
Mode is as good a play as The Mistaken Husband, but both 
are fairly well written, and the latter, in especial, has touches 
in it that remind us of the witty passages of the Drydenesque 

lay. 

i A somewhat similar controversy has arisen over another 
peculiar comedy, styled The Mall, or, The Modish Lovers, 
which appeared at D.L. about Jan. 1674, and was published 
a few months later with a preface signed “‘J.D.” Professor 
Saintsbury, indeed, has denied categorically that this comedy 
has anything to do with Dryden', and the supposition of 
Mr Gosse that The Modish Lovers is the same as The Ladies 
a la Mode seen by Pepys on Sept. 15, 1668, is invalidated by 
an entry in the Lord Chamberlain’s records. On the other 
hand, the Easy-Amorous scenes are very similar to several in 
Sir Martin Mar-all, Sir Martin being even referred to by 
name in III. i, and in the abandonment of his wife by Easy 
there is a situation which speaks highly for the individuality 
of the author, whoever he may be. 


1 Op. cit. vill. 645. 


222 COMEDY 


Apart from these, the Dryden comedy as a separate type 
did not continue to exist in Restoration literature. It was the 
work of a single man, who, probably, with no very special 
bent towards the theatre, hammered out a path of his own, 
not by genius, but by sheer hard endeavour and painstaking 
effort. We can look for reminiscences of Dryden in many 
Restoration plays, from the comedies of manners to the 
farces, but we can nowhere find comedies, apart from those 
already mentioned, modelled directly on his own style, as we 
found tragedies modelled on The Indian Emperour and on 
Almanzor and Almahide. 


VI. The Comedy of Manners 


In some ways, of course, as I have already pointed out, 
Dryden may be regarded as a father of the comedy of manners, 
his pairs of lovers undoubtedly influencing greatly the work 
of Etherege, perhaps the work of Wycherley. Other writers, 
too, not usually associated with the main figures of the 
comedy of manners, both paid tribute to the strength of that 
type by direct imitation, or themselves wrote works which, 
partly manners in style, influenced the development of that 
species. One of these, Thomas Rawlins, with his Tunbridge 
Wells of 1678, has already been noticed. Another, of still 
greater importance, is Sir Charles Sedley, who produced 
at the T.R. in B.St. in May 1668 The Mulberry-Garden, and 
at D.L. in May 1687 Bellamira, or, The Mistress. 

These two plays are especially interesting as displaying 
the passage of the Committee type of humours, to a more 
vivid, refined and courtly wit. The Mulberry-Garden, as a 
whole, is not a good comedy, being too sharply divided into 
two separate, distinct portions. Indeed, on reading it, one 
comes to the conclusion that one of these portions, that which 
is in rimed verse and includes the characters of Horatio, 
Eugenio, Philander, Althea and Diana, may have been written 
several years earlier than the other, which, in nervous prose, 
presents the real-life persons of Ned Estridge, Jack Wildish 
and Harry Modish—typical figures of Restoration comedy. 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 223 


The play is by no means “‘worthless,” as Sir A. W. Ward 
avers'; rather, when we consider that it was “‘long expected” 
and therefore likely to be of some influence on contemporary 
drama, and when we place it alongside of She Wou’d if she 
Cou’d, produced three months earlier and-of The Sullen 
Lovers acted barely a fortnight previously, it appears one of 
the most interesting plays of the first decade of our period. 
It is not rendered negligible even when placed alongside of 
Bellamira, which, based confessedly on the Eunuchus,is a much 
more decisive play. Satirical, witty, licentious, with that air 
of finesse which characterises the comedy of manners, it well 
deserves to be placed alongside of the works of Etherege and 
of Wycherley. 

If Dryden, Shadwell, Sedley and Rawlins each presented 
something to this particular type, however, it is Sir George 
Etherege to whom must be given the credit of definitely 
establishing the species. A typical Restoration beau and man 
of letters, a roué and a wit, he infused into all his comedies 
that air of the beau-monde which was later to be so clarified 
and rendered gracious by the inimitable genius of Congreve. 
The Comical Revenge, or, Love in a Tub (L.1.F. March, 1664)? 
was really only a tentative effort. Marred by the introduction 
of rimed verse, which, however, makes it of interest histori- 
cally, and by several other crudities, it does not really grip 
one as do so many other plays of the manners school. It has. 
wit, particularly in the person of Sir Frederick, whose 
attitude towards the world is summed up in the bon mot that 
“Men are now and then subject to those Infirmities in drink 
which Women have when they’re sober®.”” The wit, however, 
is not on the whole of that sparkling variety which charms us 
above the intricacy and the improbability of a complicated 
plot. 

With She Wou’d if she Cou’d (L.1.F. Feb. 1667/8), on the 
other hand, we may say that the new age had fairly started. 


1 Op. cit. 111. 448. 

2 Downes (p. 25) says it brought more profit and esteem to the house 
than any other comedy. 

ek it. 


224 COMEDY 


Probably due to the poor acting1, it was not the success that 
one might have expected from that of The Comical Revenge; 
even in print it achieved only three editions by the end of 
the century to set against the seven or eight of the former 
play. It is interesting to note, in regarding the work of 
Etherege and later of Congreve, that the audiences of the 
time did not appear capable of separating the gold from the 
dross. They condemned The Way of the World even as they 
condemned this comedy of Congreve’s predecessor. What- 
ever its reception, She Wouw’d if she Cou’d is undoubtedly a 
much superior piece to The Comical Revenge. It captured 
completely that spirit of the fine world that had been merely 
hinted at in the former comedy. Instinct with life, it passed 
beyond mere humours and types to a realm of living human 
beings, representative probably of a class, but not caricatured 
out of all resemblance to their actual prototypes. 

Very similar in general tone is The Man of Mode, or, Sir 
Fopling Flutter (D.G. March, 1676), a play which has become, 
as it were, one of the very symbols of the comedy of manners?. 
Steele in The Spectator saw fit to condemn it as a sort of type 
specimen of its class, and others, who defend that class, have 
accordingly given it highest praise. This comedy, which, 
unlike the last-mentioned play of Etherege, was a tremendous 
success, displays, perfectly, that fine brilliancy of prose dia- 
logue, that easy, cultured, heartless atmosphere which we 
must associate with the works of this school. How fine is 
Dorimant! He is the gentleman par excellence—but how 
heartless ! He casts off Mrs Loveit for Belinda, as easily as 
he casts off the latter for Harriet, whom he marries. How 
exquisite is the character of Sir Fopling, father of what an 
innumerable progeny of descendants, stretching from Sir 
Patient Fancy and Sir Courtly Nice to Cibber’s beaux of the 
age of Anne and later! The plot is complicated, but, like 


1 Cf. Downes, pp. 28-9, and Shadwell, The Humorists, preface. See 
also Pepys’ account of the first performance on Feb. 6, 1667/8, when he 
overheard Etherege “ mightily...find fault with the actors.” 

2 Several writers have presumed it to be a satire with Dorimant as 
Rochester and Young Bellair as Etherege (see Earl of Oxford’s Works, 
II. 315 and note of Oldys to Langbaine, p. 187). 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 225 


Congreve’s, seems a part of life, life of a world far from ours, 
where hearts are atrophied and polite manners and graceful 
bearing cover a multitude of sins. The characters, some of 
them, are stereotyped!, yet they are not overdrawn nor do 
they shadow the gayer, livelier figures of Dorimant and of 
Bellair. With The Man of Mode the comedy of manners came 
to its majority, just as with Cibber it sank to a shamefaced 
and emasculated old age. 

The comedy of manners, meanwhile, had been taken up 
by others, in especial by William Wycherley, who, as an 
artist, falls far below Etherege, as a powerful force in con- 
temporary life, rises far above him?. The lover of the 
Duchess of Cleveland, the tutor of the King’s son, the 
husband of the Countess of Drogheda, the prisoner in the 
Fleet, was a quite different being from the airy ambassador, 
patron of a deserted comédienne in the Low Countries. 
Mr Palmer is not far wrong in styling him a Puritan with the 
external veneer of a Restoration gentleman®. He burst up 
the foetid air of the time with a force equal to that of Collier. 
He lashed the age with his plain-dealing pen, lading out his 
disgust upon a slightly fluttered world of roués and their 
mistresses. He has not the style of the greater masters of the 
manners school, polished and fine: his wit does not over- 
shadow his plots as does the wit of Etherege or of Congreve: 
yet, in scenes where his moral horror is not aroused, he can 
be almost as delicate as they. 

The whole of Wycherley’s plays, it may be noted, fall 
within half a decade, his first comedy appearing in 1671 and 
his last in 1676. Living on to the age of Pope, he seems to 
have spent his energy in those few brilliant years. In Love 
in a Wood, or, St fames’s Park (T.R. in B.St. c. April, 1671) 
we are led into a world somewhat similar to that of Etherege, 

1 Such as Old Bellair, the lover of the past age. 

2 'The effect which he had on his contemporaries may best be realised 
from the countless references to his chief play. “‘ The Author of the Plain 
Dealer,” thought Dryden, “‘Has oblig’d all honest and virtuous Men, by 
one of the most bold, most general, and most useful Satyrs which has 
ever been presented on the English Theatre” (Preface to The State of 


Innocence, 1677). 
3 See for this whole subject Palmer’s Comedy of Manners. 


NRD 15 


226 COMEDY 


yet hardly so fine, and, as in the Alderman Gripe and Lucy 
scenes, tending to vulgarity. From the very first opening 
sentence of the play, however, we may see the masterly con- 
struction. The plot is ably and interestingly developed: but 
something remains indefinably incongruous. There is almost 
something of Shadwell in Wycherley’s work. There is always 
the sense that the heart is struggling for entry into the world 
of the intellect. 

Of like nature, though less successful, was The Gentleman 
Dancing-Master (D.G.c. Jan. 1672)1 in which the construc- 
tion, with its opposed types of French and Spanish foppery, 
is even simpler than in the comedy preceding. The Gentleman 
Dancing-Master is interesting as* being nearer in spirit to 
Etherege than almost any other of Wycherley’s plays: it 
stands furthest in tone from The Plain Dealer. 

In The Country Wife (D.L. Jan. 1674/5)” Wycherley has 
continued in the same free easy strain. The Country Wife is 
a bright and glorious farce, in which the innuendo so suc- 
cessfully employed in The Gentleman Dancing-Master is 
brought to a stage of utmost perfection. The famous ‘‘China” 
scene of Horner is probably unrivalled in our literature, and, 
much as it has been condemned by moralists, can be nothing 
but admired for its sheer cleverness and for its swift biting 
humour. It has not the vulgarity which is apparent in the 
work of Shadwell: it is a piece of intellectualism, wherein 
the wit takes from the harmful effect it otherwise might 
have had. 

The name of Wycherley, however, “manly,” “brawny” 
Wycherley, stands not so much with these former plays, 
although they were enough to make the fame of any drama- 
tist, but with a comedy almost unique in its age—The Plain 
Dealer (D.L. Dec. 1676). In it the roué joins hands with the 


1 Its production must have been in the first half of 1672, for the 
prologue is addressed “To the City, Newly after the Removal of the 
Duke’s Company from Lincolns-Inn-Fields to their new Theatre.” 

2 There seems no reason for placing The Country Wife in 1673. The 
entry in the Lord Chamberlain’s records (see Appendix B) is in all 
probability of the first performance. The Plain Dealer, likewise, appeared, 
not in 1674 but in 1676. 

3 Dryden’s and Rochester’s epithets for him. 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 227 


moralist, realism is mingled with artificial manners, emotions 
with the intellect. It satirises perfectly the infidelity and the 
foppishness of the time, at the very moments that it sinks 
to the depths of carnal viciousness. There is only one pure 
character in the whole of its five acts, and that is Fidelia, 
devoted Fidelia who follows her rough and faithless lover 
with a tenderness that almost draws the tears from our eyes. 
Everyone else is swallowed up in sense. The chief figure is, 
of course, Manly himself, a pessimistic hater of man’s 
hypocrisy, and one who owes not a little to the Alceste of 
Moliére’s Le misanthrope. Beside him and Fidelia, with the 
possible exception of Olivia, Manly’s former mistress, all the 
other characters seem mere shadows of personified qualities. 
Lord Plausible is simply the typical fop with nothing indi- 
vidual in his composition, just as Novel is the representative 
of the would-be wits, and Widow Blackacre of the law-mad 
amateurs. On women, fops, wits and lawyers indiscriminately 
the satire falls, intermixed with that loathsome description of 
passion which only men like Shadwell and Wycherley among 
the Restoration dramatists could give to us. Wycherley, says 
Congreve, was sent “‘to lash the crying Age,” but he has 
lashed its sores into more fulsome aspects, until we have 
naught to do but turn our eyes away in misery and in 
disgust. 

In Wycherley’s Plain Dealer, then, we see inherent all the 
elements which were to lead towards the complete decay of 
the species of comedy which he had adopted in his first 
dramas. The reality of the mind, in this comedy, has been 
replaced by the reality of the body: the airiness of the 
liberated cavalier has given way to the moral horror of the 
sinning Puritan. By 1676 the age was moving steadily in the 
direction of sentimentalism, pure intellect was being banished 
by feeling ; emotion was taking the place of wit. This change, 
certainly, is not felt with any strength till after the year 1680 
and Congreve, writing in the last decade of the century, felt 
little more than a touch of it, but we can note the first hints 
of it, in so diverse forms as The Plain Dealer, the plays of 
Dryden and the plays of Mrs Behn. The age was rapidly 


15-2 


298 )// COMEDY 


undergoing a transformation: even in the time of Charles 
the spirit was not quite the same as it had been in 1665. 
After the Revolution a new era commences. 

It is peculiar to note that in Wycherley, in Dryden, in 
Mrs Behn and in others the elements of sentimentalism could 
exist alongside of humorous qualities which might well be 
thought entirely contrary to their aim. In this respect the 
three comedies produced by Thomas Southerne have a 
special interest. Southerne is probably best known to-day 
for his tragedy, The Fatal Marriage, and for his “‘ play,”’ The 
Disappointment, dramas in which he definitely took his stand 
with Otway and with Cibber in an endeavour to introduce 
the problem play and the bourgeois tragedy. In his own time, 
however, he was no doubt more famous for his three comic 
pieces, each with rich elements of the manners style. 

Sir Anthony Love, or, The Rambling Lady (D.L. c. Dec. 
1690) is a ‘‘she-comedy,”’ Sir Anthony Love being none other 
than Lucia, a former kept mistress, now in love with Valentine. 
It is worth noting that he or she gives vent to the same 
theory concerning a certain class of women chasers, who 
pursue the chase for the mere pleasure of the hunt, as is to 
be found in Congreve’s Love for Love. This play, which was 
a success in its own days, is a fair specimen of mannerised 
comedy, its dialogue being good and witty, although marred 
by Southerne’s prevailing weakness—the over-use of thea- 
trical broken sentences, wherein the meaning of one speaker 
is continued or perverted by another. This mannerism, which 
Southerne occasionally employs effectively, becomes weari- 
some and monotonous by the end of the play. The Wives 
Excuse, or, Cuckolds make themselves appeared at the same 
theatre precisely a year later (c. Dec. 1691). It was a failure, 
and the author, possibly because of that, obtained some 
congratulatory verses from Dryden which he inserted in the 
printed edition of the text. These verses liken the author to 
Terence, a somewhat exaggerated comparison. The Wives 
Excuse is not a very good play, although it is of the same 
class as Sir Anthony Love. Probably its main point of interest 
for us is an historical one—the introduction in the comedy 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 229 


itself of a reference to Southerne’s own work, a sort of pre- 
monition of Shavian methods of self-advertisement?. 

In The Maid’s Last Prayer, or, Any rather than Fail (D.L. 
Jan. 1692/3), the title of which, like that of the last mentioned 
play, is both ironical and explanatory, Southerne sinks below 
even the level of The Wives Excuse. The ‘‘maid” in question 
is an old maid, Lady Susan. Apart from the song by 
Congreve’, the most noticeable thing in the comedy is the 
scene in the last act where Lady Malapert discovers she has 
had an assignation with Gayman instead of with Valentine, 
a theme handled with not a little skilful, if a trifle indelicate, 
humour’, All along, indeed, Southerne gives us these witty 
scenes in his plays, but he just fails of great dramatic triumph 
through a certain inability to sustain his highest flights. Some 
of those individual scenes are worthy of Congreve himself, 
but they are buried in a mass of uninteresting padding which 
the author seemed unable to refine. 

‘The atmosphere of the school of manners, of course, in its 
most perfect form, is to be found in the works of Congreve. 
Congreve is not a courtier of the age of Charles: he is rather 
a city beau of the age of Anne, a companion of Pope, a friend 
of Walsh: yet he has inherited to the full the spirit of Etherege. 

His first comedy, The Old Batchelor, appeared at D.L. in 
Jan. 1693, when its author was but twenty-one, a truly 
wonderful production for a young man just upon his majority. 
It had a brilliant cast—Betterton playing the title-part, 
Powell Bellamour, Williams Vainlove and Doggett Fondle- 
wife, with Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle and Mrs Mountfort 
to bear them company—and with such a cast, a play so witty 
could hardly fail of success*. Brilliancy characterises the 
whole of it: the wit rises and falls with a continual vivacity, 
so that we overlook the artificiality of the plot and the some- 
times too grievous lack of individuality in some of the 
characters®, With a racy prologue spoken by Mrs Bracegirdle, 

, esbentias thinks this was the poet’s first acknowledged work. 

* The situation appears with variations in The Mall (D.L. 1674). 


* It had a run of over fourteen nights. 
5 Such as Wittol and Bluffe. 


230 COMEDY 


with the sharp nervous dialogue, it must have seemed to that 
fin de siécle audience, so rapidly to become hypocritical in 
its theatrical pleasures, as a last banquet of wit, as the last 
joyous and flagrant outburst before a dark and lowering 
storm. Wholly immoral as it is, it yet clothes that immorality 
with a profusion of wit that assuredly disarms, as it must 
in that age have disarmed, what one can only style the moral 
sense. There is no pain in this world, only wit and laughter 
and freedom, and wit and laughter and freedom, divorced 
from emotion, can never kill. 

After this glorious success, Congreve must have received 
an unpleasant surprise at the cool reception given to The 
Double Dealer (D.L. Oct. 1693). Hardly a comedy in the 
full sense of the term, it strikes the evil note, and because of 
that, had our emotions been in any way aroused, we might 
have styled it a tragi-comedy. As it is, although the love of 
Mellefont and Cynthia is good and true—almost Shake- 
spearian in a way—and although wit, but not in such rich 
profusion, does permeate the whole, we are left with a feeling 
of dissatisfaction. We have neither the pathos which, for 
example, Southerne in his serious plays was able to call into 
being, nor have we the sense of over-abundant intellect spent 
in conversation of the most airy and the most delicate kind, 
as we have when we read The Way of the World or even 
Love for Love. It is just possible that here Congreve was 
misled by his age. His spirit is the spirit of free gallantry: 
the scenes of Mellefont and of Cynthia, striving to call up 
a picture of honest love, appear artificial and forced. There 
are even touches of a definitely sentimental sort, as in that 
passage in Act 111 where Cynthia, thinking of the follies of 
Sir Paul and his confréres, looks into her heart and finds a 
moralisation. ‘“‘Why should I call them Fools?” she asks, 
showing that in her the barriers between the emotions and 
the intellect had been shattered. 

This slightly sentimental touch, visible in The Double 
Dealer, has vanished entirely in Congreve’s following play, 
Love for Love, acted at the new theatre in L.I.F. in April 
1695. Although it was a glorious success, as a dramatic 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 231 


production it falls just below The Way of the World precisely 
because, as Dr Johnson pointed out, it is more realistic, in the 
ordinary meaning of that term. The sailor Ben, a finely drawn 
type in its way and one of the causes of the success of the 
comedy, seems out of place, and the immorality of the piece, 
although not so flagrant as that of The Old Batchelor, is 
drawn more closely to our notice. In this drama Congreve 
has come nearer to the spirit of Shadwell than he has done 
in any other of his four works, and the Miss Prue and Tattle 
scenes, imitated from that antagonist of Dryden, raise in us 
the same disgust which must be felt on reading The Squire 
of Alsatia. Congreve was no moralist, such as Wycherley 
was, but the rapidly changing spirit of the age, leading here 
to a semi-hypocritical sentimentalism, here to a coarser 
realism, had laid its impress upon him: even he could not 
escape entirely. 

The triumph of Congreve in The Way of the World, which 
appeared at L.I.F. in the last year of the century, derives 
from the fact that he was able to shake off for once all grosser 
ties. It was not a success, a cool reception which did not 
seem to surprise the author. He knew well enough, as he 
expressed it in his dedication, that “‘but little of it was pre- 
pared for that general Taste which seems now to predominate 
in the Palates of our Audience.” It was, in fact, too rarefied, 
too refined for the spirit of its time. There is no sentiment 
in it, no realism, no coarseness. Mirabell and Millamant, 
about whom the plot, such as it is, gyrates continually, are 
not complete figures: they are merely automata, devised as 
mouth-pieces for the poet. The theme is artificial and the 
conclusion is artificial, if we test it by the standards of every- 
day life: yet both have a brilliancy and a truth which make 
of The Way of the World the master-creation of the school 
of manners. 

With Etherege, Wycherley and Congreve the comedy of 
manners is seen at its best, although in the two last mentioned 
there are already visible the elements of decay and of dis- 
integration. Those elements of decay and of disintegration 
become more pronounced as we pass to the two other writers 


232 COMEDY 


whose names are usually associated with the greater three, 
Vanbrugh and Farquhar. A study even of those few comedies 
which the former presented to the seventeenth century 
theatre must display at once the complete disseverance which 
exists between the works of Congreve and the works of his 
followers. There is no finesse about Vanbrugh’s work. How- 
ever much he accepted the manners convention, he yet lies 
as far from Congreve and from Etherege as do D’Urfey and 
Mrs Behn. ‘The majority of his pieces are but glorified 
farces: and, although he is as wantonly indecent as his pre- 
decessors, he seems to have appreciated to the full the 
emotions that were gathering round him, and by bringing 
sensibility into his themes and feeling into his wit, he served, 
along with others, to hasten the break-away of comedy from 
the Etheregian model. 

His first three plays all appeared in the years 1696-1697, 
two at D.L. and one at L.I.F. The first of these, The Relapse, 
or, Virtue in Danger (D.L. Dec. 1696) is a good play, the 
preface to which is exceedingly instructive for our knowledge, 
not only of the writer’s aims, but of the audience and of the 
stage conditions of the period. Fairly immoral, it seems to 
have met with considerable censure, although the author, 
with an airy kind of dissimulation, professes himself duly 
innocent. In this play Cibber carried on his enduring success 
in the character of Sir Novelty Fashion, now Lord Fopping- 
ton, ‘‘a Man whom Nature has made no Fool” but ‘‘ who is 
very industrious to pass for an Ass”—a definition which 
reminds us strongly of the critical precepts of Shadwell, 
presented several decades previously. 

Aesop, the second comedy given by Vanbrugh to the 
Theatre Royal (Part I, c. Dec. 1696; Part II, c. March, 
1696/7) is confessedly but little more than a translation of 
Boursault. It is rather a poor performance in two parts, by 
no means brilliant at its best, and in places excessively dull. 
The whole is composed, of course, to display the aphorisms 
and the apologues of Aesop, who proves a very objectionable 
and cynical personage in his stage existence. 

In The Provok’d Wife (L.1.F. May, 1697), however, we 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 233 


reach one of the masterpieces of Vanbrugh’s art. There is 
Not in it the sparkle of Congreve, but there is throughout a 
show of wit, adorning a very definite plot, well contrived and 
well executed. The characters, too, are well, if roughly, 
drawn. Sir John Brute, indeed, is one of the living figures 
in Restoration dramatic literature. There are violent attempts 
in almost every act on the part of ‘the author to capture the 
manners style, but in the main his strength lies far apart 
from that. The succession of ludicrous incidents, the continual 
wave to and fro of action never for a moment still, the assigna- 
tions and the discoveries and the fears and the explanations, 
all keep our attention focussed on a scene, slightly satirical, 
but always instinct with life. 

Of Vanbrugh much has been said by the critics, both 
laudatory and condemnatory. He stands, it is true, much 
below Congreve, lacking his wit and his finesse; at the 
same time he has other qualities, lower in degree, but 
stamping him as a true son of the theatre. ‘‘His best jokes 
are practical devices,” says Hazlitt in his fourth lecture on 
The English Comic Writers, ‘“‘Not epigrammatic conceits.... 
He has more nature than art: what he does best, he does 
because he cannot help it.”’ It is this “‘nature,”’ as Mr Palmer 
has noted, which renders his work immoral. His adultery 
is no longer comic and airy: it is passionate. “He killed the 
comedy of sex for the English theatre.”” One might suspect, 
indeed, that Vanbrugh owed in his art two masters, Congreve 
and Shadwell. He differed from both, yet he had some of 
the qualities of both. Shadwell is sometimes heavy : Congreve 
is airy: Vanbrugh is buoyant—buoyant with a sort of up- 
roariousness, upheld by wine. 

The companion of Vanbrugh, George Farquhar, hardly 
had made his début in this century. His first play, Love and 
a Bottle, appeared at D.L. only in 1699, at the time when its 
author was but twenty-one. It is certainly a play of promise, 
although it has not that finer temper which Farquhar put 
into his later works. Its plot, certainly, is but poor and 
artificial with manifest tendencies towards the degeneration 
of the pure manners style by the introduction of a species of 


234 COMEDY 


spurious sentimentalism. Already in his first comedy he 
showed where exactly he stood, the heir of Congreve breathing 
the spirit of the changing age. 

A few months later, also in 1699, was performed at D.L. 
his second play, The Constant Couple, or, A Trip to the 
Jubilee, a play which had a phenomenal success in its own 
time. Although much of the plot is borrowed, and a certain 
amount of the wit strained, The Constant Couple is well 
wrought out and not all of its contemporary triumph was due, 
as Farquhar himself modestly declared, to the acting of Wilks 
as Sir Harry Wildair. In spite of the fact that the prologue 


tells us 
...Here’s no slander, 


No Smut, no lewd-tongued beau, no double entendre, 


the whole is as licentious as any play of earlier times. What 
is Wildair if not a “‘lewd-tongued beau” in the scene where, 
under a misapprehension, he offers Angelica money as he 
would have offered it to a courtesan? The statement in the 
prologue, however, is valuable in considering the temper of 
the age. Farquhar owes, undoubtedly, much of his success 
to his inimitable portraiture of this age. He had, moreover, 
learnt at least sufficient of Congreve’s wit to make his comedies 
amusing and piquant. 

Beyond those comedies already mentioned, the school of 
manners in these forty years is hardly represented. There 
are a few plays, such as The She-Gallants (L.1.F. c. Dec. 
1695) of George Granville, Lord Lansdowne, which can 
definitely be placed in the Etherege school of comic pro- 
duction: and there are a number of comedies, such as those 
of Mrs Behn, where the impress of Etherege and of Wycherley 
is to be traced; but in the main only the chief figures stand 
out. Altogether these five major dramatists have not given, 
in the seventeenth century, more than a score of works, and 
several of these were not very successful on the stage. They 
had not, that is to say, the force and the influence which we 
of to-day postulate for them. They have given us what is 
finest in the Restoration age, but they by no means dominated 
the theatre of their time. Not only had they to battle for 


THE COMEDY OF MANNERS 235 


supremacy with the exponents of humours and of Spanish 
intrigue, but they were surrounded by a mass of popular 
dramatists who, in the early days, filled the T.R. and L.L.F. 
with rude tempestuous works, and who, in the last years of 
the century, provided D.L. and D.G. with farce and with 
sentiments. The chief things to remember about the de- 
velopment of the comedy of manners are, that it was not the 
principal fare of the theatres from 1664 to 1700, and that it 
was not even distinctively of the Restoration age at all. Some 
of its principal exponents live after the death of Charles. 


VII. Farce and Sentimentalism 


The gradual growth of a fine and well-nigh perfect comic 
expression in the last years of the century appears all the 
more strange when we consider that these last years display, 
alongside of the growth of the comedy of manners, a decided 
weakening of the true comic spirit. In two distinct directions 
is this weakening to be observed. More and more, farce was 
coming to dominate the theatres, and from 1680 onwards 
may be traced the slowly gathering force of sentiment, the 
incursion of feeling and of emotion, spurious and sincere, 
into the world of the intellect. Sentiment was destined to be 
a force guiding and altering all types of literature for over 
two centuries to come, but it killed the spirit of Congreve. 
Farce was destined to weaken and to destroy the finer ex- 
pression of the comic muse. 

The elements of both, of course, can be noted from the 
very first years of the Restoration period. There were farcical 
elements in the comedies of Dryden, of Wilson and of Mrs 
Behn. The Man’s the Master of D’Avenant (L.I.F. March, 
1668), founded on Fodelet, ou, Le maistre valet and L’héritier 
ridicule, was but a farcical comedy of intrigue with many 
characteristics of the pre-Commonwealth minor dramat. The 


1 See the epilogue for D’Avenant’s consciousness of his non-Restora- 
tion spirit, as well as the epilogue to The Siege of Rhodes, Part II: 
“You Witts, not of your Duller-Fathers mind. 
Which, well-consider’d Mistress-Muse will then 
Wish for her old Gallants at Fri’rs agen; 
Rather than be by those neglected here, 
Whose Fathers civilly did Court her there.” 


236 COMEDY 


same author’s The Play-House to be Lett (L.1.F. c. 1663) 
with its skits at opera, its presentation of a ‘‘ Monsieur” and 
his farce, and its ‘‘ Travesti” of a tragedy, is nothing but a 
set of farces and burlesques loosely pinned together in one 
framework}. 

This latter play of D’Avenant’s is to be connected with 
several other burlesques of a later decade, burlesques which 
must have had some influence on the development of farce 
proper after 1680. At D.G. about Sept. 1673 appeared The 
Reformation, a comedy attributed to Arrowsmith, not un- 
humorously satirising the heroic tragedy of the time. At 
T.R. in December two years before had been acted The 
Rehearsal of Villiers, Duke of Buckingham. The Rehearsal 
had first been penned in 1663; it had been ready by 1665: 
and had been laid aside owing to the closing of the theatres 
during the time of plague. It was taken up again after 1667, 
and thus presents a continuous and all-embracing burlesque 
of the heroic species. The original “hero”.was Bilboa, none 
other than Sir Robert Howard. This gentleman, however, 
had soon to cede place to Bayes—John Dryden himself—or, 
at least, a combination of Dryden, Howard and D’Avenant, 
the holy trinity of the heroic muse. That Villiers was assisted 
in its composition seems not now to be doubted, and Butler 
probably took more than an equal share in it. Whatever its 
authorship, however, and whatever its success as a reforming 
medium, it is a work that deserves far more attention, even, 
than it receives at the present day. Less finished than 
Sheridan’s masterpiece, it is yet a fine and uproarious ex- 
posure of contemporary Love and Honour follies. It is, too, 
the first of its kind. The plays ridiculed are numerous enough, 
extending from The Conquest of Granada to The Indian 
Emperour, The Siege of Rhodes, Tyrannick Love, The Villain, 
The Slighted Maid and Love and Friendship. Besides these, 
one or two comedies, also, of the heroic writers were satirised 
—notably The Wild Gallant, The Assignation and The Play- 


1 This play contains D’Avenant’s own History of Sir Francis Drake 
and The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru, as well as the broken French 
translation of Sganarelle, and the ‘‘ Travesti” of Cleopatra. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 237 


House to be Lett. Much of what must have had keen con- 
temporary savour is, of course, now insipid. Bayes is but a 
lay figure for us, not a living model: but the main wealth of 
sometimes academic, but always pointed, ridicule remains 
imperishable. It is unfair often, often not in good taste: but 
as a brilliant piece of burlesque it is, for the student of the 
stage no less than for the student of the times, invaluable?. 

A few years later, farcical burlesque, in the hands of 
Thomas Duffett, took on an even more decided form?. The 
Empress of Morocco (D.L. c. Dec. 1673), The Mock 
Tempest, or, The Enchanted Castle (D.L. Nov. 1674) and 
Psyche Debauch’d (D.L. 1675) all presented in coarse way 
travesties of popular successes at D.G. Possibly Duffett’s 
earlier comedy in heroic verse, The Spanish Rogue (L.1.F. 
c. June, 1673) was also intended as a burlesque. If it was 
not, it was a very poor production. None of Duffett’s plays 
is valuable. To a contemporary audience each must have 
had some piquancy, but the fun is strained and only too often 
descends to the very depths of vulgarity. The best part of 
any is the Epilogue spoken by Witches after the Mode of 
Macbeth, appended to Psyche Debauch'd. 

To the early farcical strain as expressed in Dryden’s The 
Wild Gallant and in the plays of Wilson, and to this burlesque 
expressed in the plays of D’Avenant, Villiers and Duffett, 
came, in increasing waves throughout the reign of Charles, 
the influence of the commedia dell’ arte tradition. Italian, 
apparently, was sufficiently well known among the courtly 
audiences of 1660-1680 for plays to be presented by native 
performers in that language. Even in regular English plays 
we find its appearance. In Act 111, Sc. i of Mrs Behn’s The 
Feign’d Curtizans (D.G. 1679) occurs a song in “‘Italian,” 


commencin 
5 Crudo Amore, Crudo Amore, 


Il mio Core non fa per te, 


1 The Rehearsal should be read in Mr Montague Summers’ excellent 
edition. 

2 For Duffett see Downes. The title-page of Psyche Debauch’d declares 
that play was written by ““T. D.” For the ascription to Duffett, see 
Langbaine, Momus Triumphans, p. 27, note f. 


238 COMEDY 


whilst a stage direction in Southerne’s The Wives Excuse 
(D.L. 1691) instructs the characters “After an Italian Song” 
to ‘Advance to the Front of the Stage.” An “‘Itahan Song 
by Mr Pate” is referred to in Act 11 of The Female Wits, or, 
The Triumvirate of Poets at Rehearsal (printed 1704). As 
early as Oct. 22, 1660, the King had granted a patent to 
Giulio Gentileschi to build a theatre for Italian musicians, 
and, no doubt, for Italian players as well?. By 1668, troupes 
of Italian comedians appear to have been well enough known 
to give point to a phrase in the prologue to Tarugo’s Wiles 
(L.I.F. 1667)—“A Trivolino, or a Skaramuchio that’s dex- 
trous at making of mouths will sooner raise a Clap then a high 
flown Fancy.” On Nov. 11, 1672, Charles issued through 
the Lord Chamberlain an order signifying his royal pleasure 
“That Antonio di Voto Doe sett forth Exercise & Play all 
Drolls and Interludes, He not receiuing into his Company 
any person belonging to his Mates or Royal Highnesse 
Theatres Nor Act any Play usually acted at any of y® said 
Theatres Nor takes peeces or Sceenes out of y® Playes Acted 
at y® said Theatres®.” This order is entered in the books to 
“Antonio Divoto punchenello.” On April 21, 1673 another 
troupe had but “‘newly arrived*”: on September 4 of the 
same year the King ordered “‘to be prepared & deliuered 
vnto Scaramouchi and Harlekin vnto each of them a Medall 
& Chayne of Gold” as well as a chain and medal for four 
others of their company®. Two days later, on Sept. 6, 1673, 
twenty ounces of white plate were sent as a present to 
““Scaramouchi®.” On Sept. 11 they were granted a warrant 
of £52 for a stage, which sum was advanced to them by 
St Albans. Shortly after, they left England’. This band, 
under Tiberio Fiorilli, a famous scaramuccio, performed 


20Y. i. 2 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1660/1, p. 319. 

5 P.R.O., L.C. 5/140, p. 129. Di Voto was a shower of puppets; see 
Adams, J. Q., Dramatic Records of Sir Henry Herbert, pp. 138-9. 

* A warrant to the customs officers to admit their properties was issued 
on that date (Cal. State Papers, Treasury Books, 1672-75, 119). 

® P.R.O., L.C. 5/140, p. 328. eld. Da320- 

* Cal. State Papers, Treasury Books, 1672-75, pp. 392 and 837. The 
£52 was not repaid until June 6, 1676 (id. 1676-79, p. 234). For the 
warrant to export their goods see id. 1672-75, p. 826. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 239 


apparently at Whitehall, and returned in 1675 to act in Inigo 
Jones’ banquetting hall, accepting money for admission and 
thereby giving great offence to some honest citizens of 
London. Marvell, for example, in a private letter dated 
July 24, 1675, speaks of “‘Scaramuccio acting daily in...White- 
hall, and all sorts of people flocking thither, and paying their 
money as at a common play-house; nay, even a twelvepenny 
gallery is builded for the convenience of his Majesty’s poorer 
subjects!.”” Marvell probably reflected the sentiments of a 
fair number in the London of that day, and there were 
doubtless many who appreciated to the full his satire of the 
Italians in his poem The Statue at Charing Cross, where he 
refers to the former booth erected for the foreign troop in 
that locality: 


*T were to Scaramouchio too great disrespect 
To limit his troop to this theatre small; 
Besides the injustice it were to eject 
That mimic so legally seized of Whitehall?. 


Satire of the Italians and their fare may also be found in 
Dryden’s reference to the “Italian Merry-Andrews” in his 
epilogue ‘“‘to the University of Oxford.” ‘Their presence 
probably caused the introduction of Punch into the Oenone 
of 1673°. This troupe returned again in Nov. 1678, and left 
in Feb. 1678/9*, carrying with them six portmanteaux, two 
great baskets and twenty-two trunks; in the summer of 1683 
they were playing again at Windsor where a stage was erected 
for them®. From this date references to the commedia dell’ arte 
are frequent. Ravenscroft’s Scaramouch a Philosopher, Harle- 
quin a School-Boy, Bravo, Merchant and Magician. A Comedy 
after the Italian Manner appeared at D.L. in May, 1677. 

1 Grosart’s edition, vol. 11. p. 467. 

2 Muse’s Library edition, vol. 11. p. 98. Evelyn saw these Italian players 
on Sept. 29, 1675. 

3 In the earlier Acteon and Diana, With the Pastorall Story of the Nymph 
Oenone (n.d.), Punch makes no appearance. He was introduced only into 
the enlarged edition of this pastoral printed in Kirkman’s The Wits, or, 
Sport upon Sport (1673). 

4 Cal. State Papers, Treasury Books, 1676-9, pp. 1160 and 1230. 


5 See Hist. MSS. Comm. vu. 286 and 331: also a document re the 
Windsor theatre in P.R.O. 


240 COMEDY 


Mrs Behn in the second part of The Rover (D.G. 1680) 
apparently introduced a real Italian harlequin1, and in 1686 
Mountfort felt the taste of the time sufficiently to produce his 
The Life and Death of Doctor Faustus, Made into a Farece.... 
With the Humours of Harlequin and Scaramouche (D.G. 
c. 1686). Dryden has a reference to the same characters in 
his A Discourse concerning the Original and Progress of Satire 
(1693)2, while in the same year Tate saw fit to increase what 
had been but a page and a half of preface to his A Duke and 
no Duke into a full blown discourse ‘‘concerning Farce” in 
which he elaborately proves the genesis of Harlequin and of 
Scaramouch from “‘ the Personae and Larvae...of the Ancient 
THEATRE.” ‘‘Two Scaramouch Men, and two Scaramouch 
Women” as well as “two Harlaquin Men and Women” 
‘Enter and Dance” in Powell’s New Opera: called, Brutus 
of Alba (D.G. 1696) while, in the following year, Motteux 
made the last act of The Novelty. Every Act a Play, “‘A Farce 
after the Italian Manner” entitled Natural Magic. 

Nor, in thus dealing with the influence of the commedia 
dell arte, must we forget the presence in England of French 
as well as Italian comedians. These French comedians fre- 
quently, it is true, performed in opera and in regular comedy, 
but they, too, were under the spell of Italy. The commedia 
dell arte had already fully established itself in the French 
capital. As early as Aug. 30, 1661, Pepys was at a “‘ French 
comedy,” given by continental players, at the Cockpit in 
Drury Lane. Evelyn records their presence at court on 
Dec. 16 of the same year and on the 2nd of that month Jean 
Chamouveau had received £300 for their services*, among 
which was no doubt a performance of The Descent of Orpheus 
into Hell by Chapoton, of which, as I have already mentioned, 
“the Description of the Great Machines” is still extant. On 
Aug. 25, 1663, another band received a licence to come over, 
and these were duly ridiculed by the dramatists. On Oct. 26, 


1 In this play Harlequin speaks “In Italian” (1v. iv) probably extem-- 
pore. 

2 Essays of John Dryden, ed. Ker, W. P. (1900), 11. 55. 

® Cal. State Papers, Treasury Books, 1660-67, p. 311. 

4 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1663-64, p. 253. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 241° 


1669, an order was issued signifying the King’s. pleasure 
“That y® french Comoedians haue liberty to Act and Play 
And that noe persons ptsume to molest or disturbe them in 
theire Acting and playing’.” In 1672 they returned2, much 
to Dryden’s disgust, the laureate writing a prologue (that to 
Carlell’s Arviragus and Philicia, 1672) against them and their 
customs. They stayed till May of the following year. French 
opera was given in 1673 and in 1674 while in Nov. 16773 
there came a new band which was satirised by Porter in the 
epilogue to The French Conjurer (D.G. 1677). They did not 
leave London till April of the following year*. Besides a 
visit of the Prince of Orange’s French players in 16845, and 
another in 1688®, we may note the considerable influence 
which must have been exerted indirectly through the visits 
of our actors, Betterton and Haynes, to the Parisian theatres: 
The French and the Italian improvised comedy in all ways 
left an indelible mark upon our dramatic productivity. 

The chief figure in the acclimatisation of farce in England 
was Edward Ravenscroft, one of those many lawyers who 
turned from the Bar to the stage. He is really the first of a 
new set of writers, who, following after D’Avenant and 
Dryden, continued their work to the end of the century. 


SPIO, LC. 5/12; 252. ; 

2 On Dec. 17, 1672, they were allowed to import their properties 
(Treasury Books, 1672-5, p. 14). On Jan. 1, 1672/3, those properties were 
ordered to be sent from Portsmouth to London (id. p. 24) and arrived 
on Jan. 9 (id. p. 29). On May 1, 1673, was issued an order to inspect their 
goods at York House (id. p. 127) and on June 1, 1674, they were given 
their warrant to depart (id. p. 533) which departure seems to pace been. 
delayed till aay - (id. p. 571). 

3 Id. 1676-9, p. 

4 A warrant was ae on April 12, 1678, to examine their goods before 
exportation to France (id. p. 962). 

® Cf. letter from B. Grenville to W. L. Gower, June 10, 1684 (Hist, 
MSS. Comm. Report, v. Part 1. p. 186). On Sept. 29, 1684, an order was 
issued to prepare the Cockpit for them (P.R.O., L.C. 5/145, p. 90). For this 
whole question, see Lawrence, W. J., on French players in England in 
An Elizabethan Play-House, and other Studies (Series 1. p. 125 ff.). From 
this several of the references above are quoted. On the Italian comedians 
Mr Montague Summers has a note in his Works of Mrs Behn, t. 444 ff. 

6 The French players arrived on Aug. 13 and stayed at Windsor till 
Sept. 22 (P.R.O., 5/17). A licence was issued to them on Aug. 11 (id. 65), 
and the theatre was being got ready for them on July 25 (id. p. 60). 


NRD 16 


242 COMEDY 


Without any very marked qualities to stamp him as a poet, 
Ravenscroft was yet superior to Langbaine’s contemptuous 
dismissal of him—‘‘one who with the Vulgar passes for a 
Writer.”” A plagiary undoubtedly he was, but a plagiary who 
not always failed of success. His great claim to fame lies in 
the particular type of farcical drama which he adopted and 
popularised. He knew exactly what the audiences of the 
later Restoration period desired, and, with a ready pen, he 
set himself to supply that want. In the creation of this par- 
ticular form of farce he has, as is natural, borrowed from 
many sources. Jonson, occasionally, supplied him with 
humours: Dryden’s “‘Wild Gallant” couples provided the 
model for Careless, Lovell and Hillaria in The Careless Lovers: 
Spanish intrigue he employed with effect: but, above all, he 
looked to France and Italy. Moli¢re he went to again and 
again, reducing his comedies to the meagre limits of the 
farcical show. The commedia dell’ arte provided him with one 
definitely “Italian” piece, and with many a hint for other 
plays. 

With Moliére and hints from Dryden he started his 
dramatic career. The Citizen turn’d Gentleman (D.G. July, 
1672) and The Careless Lovers (D.G. March, 1673) were taken 
bodily from Le bourgeois gentilhomme and from Monsieur de 
Pourceaugnac respectively, and display well the forces that 
were working towards the reduction of the Moliére comedy 
to mere farce, the weakening of Moliére’s humour and the 
running together of two or three of his comedies so as to 
increase the incident at the expense of the characterisation 
and of the wit. The Wrangling Lovers, or, The Invisible 
Mistress followed at D.G. about Sept. 1676, and in this 
Ravenscroft first essayed another style of comic writing, the 
Spanish school of intrigue. Langbaine traces its source to 
a novel of that country”, the same to which Mrs Centlivre 
was indebted for The Wonder. A Woman keeps a Secret (D.L. 
1714). In it the ‘“‘wrangling lovers,” Don Diego and 
Octavia, as well as Sancho, the inevitable servant, are 


a Republished in 1675 as Mamamouchi. 
2 Op. cit. pp. 423-4. > Genest, I. 193-4. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 243 


characters quite well sustained, but are not supported suffi- 
ciently by the rest. 

Ravenscroft’s most interesting play, however, is none of 
these. In Scaramouch a Philosopher. Harlequin a School-Boy, 
Bravo, Merchant and Magician. A Comedy after the Italian 
Manner (D.L. May, 1677) the author realised that he was 
introducing a novelty on the London stage. ‘‘ The Poet,” 
says the prologue, 

The Poet does a dang’rous Trial make, 

And all the common Roads of Plays forsake... 
(He) rather chose in new attempts to fail 
Than in the old indifferently prevail. 


Scaramouch a Philosopher is partly to be traced to Le mariage 
forcé and to Les fourberies de Scapin of Moliére, but its 
immediate inspiration is undoubtedly to be sought for in 
some of the unrecorded improvised comedies performed by 
Fiorilli and his troupe at Whitehall. The snatches of Italian 
phrasing scattered throughout, as well as the typical char- 
acters of the commedia dell’ arte, prove that by this time the 
popular comedy of Italy had become a definite part of English 
theatrical life. Punch and Scaramouch and Harlequin had 
been thoroughly acclimatised 

Ravenscroft’s later plays all follow the lines laid down in 
these his first essays in the drama. If we omit the tragi- 
comedy of King Edgar and Alfreda and the alteration of Titus 
Andronicus, we find five plays of his produced between 1677 
and 1697. Of these, The English Lawyer (D.L. c. Dec. 1677) 
is merely a popular adaptation of the Latin Jgnoramus of 
Ruggles, performed at Trinity College Hall in 1614/51. The 
flagrant London Cuckolds was not produced at D.G. until 
Nov. 1681. This notorious piece, with a perfectly immoral 
plot, descending, because of its workmanship, to utter vul- 
garity, was followed at D.G. about Sept. 1683 by a more or 
less pure Dame Dobson, or, The Cunning Woman. 'These two 
plays are interesting when considered together. The success 
of the first was of a somewhat scandalous nature, it having 

1 A translation of the same play is said to have appeared in 1662, 
possibly by Robert Codrington (see Langbaine, p. 518). 

16-2 


244 COMEDY 


the honour of being played every Lord Mayor’s day until in 
1751 Garrick stopped it at his theatre’. Its wit is purely 
tomfoolery and its satire ugly. Dame Dobson, on the other 
hand, pays tribute to the growing force of moral sentiment 
rising after 1682. 

“‘No Line in this,” says the prologue, 


will tempt your Minds to Evil, 
It’s true, ’tis dull, but then ’tis very Civil. 


Probably no better instance could be given of the rapid 
change in the spirit of the age, and of the conflicting ideals 
which hardly gave the dramatists a suggestion as to where 
they stood. 

By this time Ravenscroft’s career was nearly over. ‘There 
follows in his career a lengthy period of silence, his return 
to the theatre coming not until a decade had passed by. The 
Canterbury Guests, or, A Bargain Broken, his next comedy, 
was not produced at D.L. until Sept. 1694. This was fol- 
lowed by The Anatomist, or, The Sham Doctor, given at 
L.I.F. about March 1696/7. Both are fairly amusing pieces 
of work, with touches of rather superficial wit. There is a 
*‘mad couple” in the first, imitations of the pair in The 
Careless Lovers, and The Anatomist presented Underhill with 
a fine acting part. 

In general, I believe, no writer had more of an influence 
on the usual fare of the theatre than had Ravenscroft. 
A third-rate dramatist, he yet divined what was desired by 
the public, and in meeting that desire he set a fashion which 
many others were only too happy to follow. 

Of these, Nahum Tate merits perhaps first attention. Tate 
had started his dramatic career in 1678 with tragedy. Two 
original pieces and three adaptations of Shakespeare had 
brought him some fame. In 1682 he continued with Dryden 
the second part of Absalom and Achitophel. Later, in 1692, 
he became poet-laureate, continuing in that office until 1715. 
His work was diverse. In 1686 he had written a free rendering 
of Fracastoro’s Latin poem, entitling it Syphilis: A Poetical 


1 It continued for another year, till 1752, at Covent Garden. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 245 


History of the French Disease : in 1696 he translated the Psalms 
with Dr Brady. 

This popular and varied writer did not turn to comedy 
until his reputation was well made. At D.L. in Nov. 1684, 
he brought out his A Duke and No Duke, merely an alteration 
of Cockain’s Trappolin creduto principe (1658), but altered so 
that it proved popular on the stage until the end of the 
eighteenth century. This comedy has interest for us only 
because it contains a song written by Sir George Etherege, 
and because the 1693 edition has a lengthy preface in defence 
of farce “‘With an Account of the Personae and Larvae etc. 
of the Ancient THEATRE.” By 1693, even earlier, farce was 
finding champions to defend it on the grounds of classical 
antiquity. Cuckold’s Haven, or, An Alderman no Conjurer 
(D.G. c. May, 1685) is also an adaptation, being based on 
Jonson’s Eastward Hoe! and The Devill is an Asse. It shows, 
as clearly as Ravenscroft’s plays show the weakening of the 
spirit of Moliére, the deliberate reduction of the comedy of 
humours to a slight and unexalted form. 

Both before and after Ravenscroft and Tate, farce found 
many supporters, and it is noticeable that many of them were 
men connected with the theatre, men who best of all could 
know what was demanded by the audience. 

Roger Boyle, Earl of Orrery, who is better known as the 
originator of the heroic tragedy, presented at L.I.F. in April 
1669 his comedy of Guzman, borrowed from a Spanish source 
and farcical in spirit. As a play it would seem not to merit 
the whole-hearted condemnation which Pepys and Sir A. W. 
Ward! have seen fit to bestow on it, although certainly its 
main interest for us to-day lies in its lengthy and elaborate 
stage-directions. Mr Anthony (L.I.F.c. 1671)? is of the same 
type of comic drama, the duel scene in Act 111 resembling in 
many ways scenes of more pronounced farces. 

Amateurish and evidently harking back to Elizabethan 

1 Op. cit. WI. 345. 

2 Not printed till 1690, nor licensed till Aug. 27, 1687. From the fact, 
however, that Angel and Mrs Long acted in it, Genest suggested 1671-2 


as the probable date of production (1. 129). Haynes, who acted Mr Plot, 
also returned to the T.R. in 1672. 


246 COMEDY 


predecessors is Love in the Dark, or, The Man of Business 
(D.L. May, 1675) by Sir Francis Fane. There is a fair song 


in the first act: : 
Let us turn Usurers of Time, 


And hot mispend an Hour... 


but otherwise, with its long dull intrigues, it is not over- 
remarkable. 

Of the type of the more modern farces is Otway’s The 
Cheats of Scapin (D.G. c. Dec. 1676)! which derives wholly 
from Moliére and probably was of some influence in the 
later development of the species. It is Otway’s only attempt 
at this class of writing, his three other comedies being more 
Elizabethan in structure and in plot, with a fair infusion of 
Restoration vulgarity. Of these, Friendship in Fashion (D.G. 
April, 1678) met with applause in its own day?, but was 
hissed off the stage on its revival at D.L. in 1750%. For The 
Souldier’s Fortune (D.G. March, 1679/80) Otway went back 
to Moliére for a theme (that of the husband agent) which, 
as old as Boccaccio, had appeared already in The Fawne, in 
Rhodes’ Flora’s Vagaries, and in Fane’s Love in the Dark. 
The characters are negligible save the person of Sir Jolly 
Jumble, a figure probably suggested by Dryden’s Pandarus 
in Troilus and Cressida, one of those types which display 
in all their fulness the horror and the degradation of certain 
aspects of Restoration life. The dénouement of this play, 
however, is decidedly interesting, presenting as it does the 
forced renunciation of a young wife to a youthful lover by 
an old and betrayed husband, the last of whom is treated by 
Otway towards the close of the play in an almost pathetic 
manner. The Souldier’s Fortune was continued in The 
Atheist (D.G. c. Sept. 1683) but not in a very satisfactory 
way. 

Another farcical adaptation of Moliére was fathered upon 
the world by Matthew Medbourne in Tartuffe, or, The French 

1 It appeared along with Titus and Berenice. 

2 Gildon, C., An Account, p. 108. 

® It has a very cynical prologue: 


LP tl next place, Ladies, there’s no Bawdy in’t, 
No, not so much as one well-meaning Hint. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 247 


Puritan’ (T.R. in B.St. c. April 1670). The original play had 
appeared in Paris three years previously, and Medbourne’s 
was the first rendering into English of the ever-popular 
French comedy. It follows the original fairly closely, but 
descends, as is usual in these plays, frequently into farce. 
The actor-authors of this period are well headed by 
Thomas Betterton. Of his comedies, one, The Woman made 
a Justice, is non-extant. All we know of it is that the female 
justice was taken by Mrs Long?. Of the others, The Counter- 
feit Bridegroom, or, The Defeated Widow (D.G. c. Sept. 1677), 
if that play be indeed by Betterton$, is but a farcical adapta- 
tion of Middleton’s No Wit, no Help, like a Woman’s. The 
Amorous Widow, or, The Wanton Wife (L.1.F. c. 1670), how- 
ever, was, save for its indebtedness to Moliére’s George 
Dandin, ou, Le mari confondu, entirely written by the actor, and 
received praise in its own day‘. It is a fairly well-wrought 
play, and although it has no brilliant wit in it, it has inter- 
esting characters in the figures of Cunninghame and Phila- 
delphia, the amorous Lady Laycock and Barnaby Brittle. 
It does much to prove to us the all-round excellence of that 
great and deservedly honoured actor of a youthful stage®. 
The comedies of Lacy, half of the type of humours, half 
farces, have already been noted, but Lacy was not the only 
actor who stood alongside of Betterton as an actor-dramatist. 
Thomas Jevon, originally a performer of low-comedy parts, 
who assumed later on as one of his favourite characters the 
type of Scaramouch, presented at D.L. about March, 1686, 
The Devil of a Wife, or, A Comical Transformation, in which 
he himself acted the part of Jobson the Cobbler’. This 
comedy, which was exceedingly popular in its own and in 
later times, is purest of pure farce, and the manner in which 


1 The running title is “‘or, The French Zealot.” It was “‘rendered into 
English with much Addition and Advantage.” 

2 History of the English Stage, p. 92. 

3 It was issued anonymously. Genest (1. 213) from internal evidence 
was inclined to think it by Mrs Behn. See also Langbaine, p. 528. 

4 See Gildon, A Comparison (1702), p. 15. 

5 It was frequently reprinted in the eighteenth century. 

€ It ran to seven editions by 1735 and continued on the eighteenth 
century acting list in Coffey’s alteration as The Devil to Pay. 


248 COMEDY 


it was issued showed that the author had no great thoughts 
of his own abilities as a writer!. Jevon’s friend, William 
Mountfort, is much more interesting and important. Some 
time about 1686 appeared at D.G. the latter’s The Life and 
Death of Doctor Faustus, Made into a Farce...with the 
Humours of Harlequin and Scaramouche?. 'This play is an 
admixture of the Italian commedia dell’ arte and the tragedy 
of Marlowe. Somewhat less than a half of its dialogue is 
from the Elizabethan play, with omissions to suit the Re- 
storation taste. On the stage the conjuring Harlequin andthe 
silly Scaramouch, who, by using the name of God, is for 
ever scaring away the spirits that the other has raised, must 
have been laughable enough. 

_ Win her and Take her, or, Old Fools will be Medling 
(D.L. c. 1691) attributed to John Smith’, but put on the 
market by another low comedian, Cave Underhill, I can see 
no reason for doubting was the work of the latter. In style 
it is similar to the work of Jevon. It is practically pure farce, 
with, as its main figures, the clownish characters of Dulhead 
and Waspish. Beyond a little stage hilarity, it has nothing 
to recommend it. Among stage writers, also, may be num- 
bered Thomas Wright, machinist at the T.R. whose one play, 
The Female Vertuoso’s (D.L. April, 1693) was confessedly 
an adaptation from Moliére’s Les femmes savantes, with the 
addition of one new character, most probably designed for 
Doggett. The five acts of the French piece are reduced to 
three in the English, which, on the whole, are not as worthless 
as some other renderings from the continental literatures. 

Doggett himself gave to L.I.F. in May 1696 a single 

2 Cf. epilogue. The motto on the title-page is ‘‘ Vent, Vidi, Vici !”? 

It was printed in 1697, but acted between 1684 and 1688 (see Genest, 
See Wood, Anthony a, Athenae Oxonienses (ed. Bliss), 1v. 601. This 
was not the John Smith who was the author of Cytherea (unacted, 1677); 
see Wood, op. cit. 11. 228 and Biographia Dramatica, 111. 411, also Coxeter’s 
note to Gildon, pp. 171 and 134. Cytherea, or The Enamouring Girdle, 
A New Comedy, was licensed May 30, 1677. From the dedication it 
seems to have been refused at L.I.F. Coxeter’s note on it is: “He tells, 
that it had not been presented publickly upon the stage before ’twas 


printed: I refer it to the impartial reader whether ’tis likely it has ever 
been since.” 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 249 


comedy called The Country Wake, a play which falls in with 
the other farces of the period. It may be noted, however, 
as an indication of the taste of this age and of that which 
followed, that The Country Wake, although to our minds 
very loose in talk and in action, was not only successful on 
its first appearance but was frequently revived in the eigh- 
teenth century?. 

The last actor-dramatist of the period to be considered is 
George Powell, to whom three comedies are due. The first 
of these, A Very Good Wife (D.L. March, 1693) is almost 
negligible because of its many borrowings”. It seems how- 
ever to have been a success in its own time’, and for that, 
and for the prologue written by Congreve for Haynes, it 
deserves attention. The Imposture Defeated, or, A Trick to 
Cheat the Devil (D.L. c. Sept. 1697), which he himself con- 
sidered but “‘a trifle of a Comedy...only a slight piece of 
Scribble, purely design’d for the Introduction of a little 
Musick, being no more than a short week’s work‘,”’ is hardly 
worth the noting save that it represents very well a certain 
type of play which was becoming more and more popular as 
the century drew to its close. The Cornish Comedy (D.G. 
1696), the third play given to Powell, although he possibly 
had some share in its composition, would seem to be not 
wholly by him. The attribution appears to be due to the 
fact that he published the drama. Written in the Shadwellian 
style, it introduced a vast amount of singing and dancing®, 
being of the same school as The Imposture Defeated. The 
only character worth noticing, and that purely from an 
historical point of view, is Swash, the hunting squire. 

The other farces of this period present a somewhat varied 
collection of theatrical pieces. Mrs Behn, as has been already 
noted, adopted this type of comedy in two of her productions. 
The False Count, or, A New Way to play an old Game (D.G. 


1 In an altered form as Flora, or, Hob in the Well. 

2 There is much imitation of Brome’s The City Wit and The Court 
Beggar, besides scenes and names from Hide Park and No Wit, no Help, 
Like a Woman’s. 

3 See the dedication. 4 Preface. 

5 See the “ Dialogues” between Acts 11 and 111, and between 111 and Iv. 


250 COMEDY 


c. Sept. 1682) is a farce of the older school, laughable enough, 
but weak in characterisation!. It is of considerable interest 
only because of the final renunciation of Julia to Carlos, a 
conclusion similar to that of The Souldier’s Fortune and of 
The Mail. Much more valuable historically is The Emperor 
of the Moon (D.G. c. March, 1687) which, of the newer type, 
may be classed alongside of Ravenscroft’s and of Mountfort’s 
pieces. Derived directly from Arlequin Empereur dans le 
Monde de la Lune (1684), a comedy itself taken from the 
Italian, it introduces the typical figures of the commedia 
dell’ arte—Harlequin, Scaramouch and Dr Baliardo. As a 
farcical experiment, it is exceedingly interesting, especially 
when considered with other similar dramas of the time: but 
of intrinsic value it has none. 

The solitary comedy by Dryden’s son, The Husband his 
own Cuckold (L.1.F. c. 1695) is confessedly but a “‘Hotch- 
podge”’ ‘‘un pasticcio Inglese.” It is a fair piece of farcical 
work, and probably deserved greater success than it actually 
received. Another play of the same school, Wilson’s Bel- 
phegor, or, The Marriage of the Devil (D.G. c. June 1690) has 
a certain interest, as being derived from the ‘‘ Matchiavellian” 
source which had already given Grim, the Collier of Croydon 
(1662) and Jonson’s The Devill ts an Asse. In Wilson’s hands 
the story is seriously treated, in a well-executed and readable 
manner. The characters of Roderigo and of Imperia are 
particularly noticeable. Finally, before we leave farce to the 
neglect which intrinsically it deserves, we must turn from 
Wilson, representative of an older age, and pass to Pierre 
Antoine Motteux, representative of the age to come. Motteux 
is one of the most interesting figures of his period, one of 
the men who connects the seventeenth century with the age 
of Anne. An able translator and a fine linguist, he was a 
French Huguenot who had come over to London at the 
Revocation of the Edict of Nantes. His chief work was a 
rendering of Don Quixote, but he was probably more famous 
in his own day for his work in acclimatising the Italian 
commedia dell’ arte and in furthering the development of opera. 


1 This owed considerably to Moliére’s Précieuses Ridicules. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 251 


His first comedy, Love’s a fest (L.I.F. c. Sept. 1696) was 
an extraordinary success. It owes confessedly its main theme 
to an Italian play, the authorship of which is unknown. It is 
a fair piece of work, although lacking, as all Motteux’ plays 
lack, brilliancy of dialogue. For us, The Novelty. Every Act 
a Play. Being a Short Pastoral, Comedy, Masque, Tragedy, 
and Farce after the Italian Manner (L.1.F. 1697) is even more 
interesting. It truly is a ‘‘ Hotch-podge,” including as it does 
a poor pastoral—in octosyllabic couplets—entitled Thyrsis, 
written by Oldmixon: a comedy translated from the French 
by Motteux: a worthless masque of Hercules by the same 
author: an act from Filmer’s The Unnatural Brother: and 
the “‘ Farce after the Italian Manner,” entitled Natural Magic. 
This last introduces the regular Italian characters, Pantalone, 
Pasquarel, Mezzetin and Columbina, and undoubtedly forms 
the most important part of the whole collection. 

These last plays, indeed all the farces of the period, have 
had to be run over in a somewhat cursory fashion. As acting 
pieces they may have had success, but, in reading, their wit 
seems remarkably dull. They are all of importance, however, 
as showing the rapid disintegration of the late seventeenth 
century stage. They must be taken in consideration with the 
“musical” plays so speedily coming into fashion, and with 
the sentimental drama. The dramatic movement in France 
of the eighteenth century which led towards the drame and 
the comédies a ariettes found its counterpart here, first in 
the introduction of farce, sentiment and “dialogues,” later 
in the fuller development of the “ballad opera” of the eigh- 
teenth century. 

The fact that the sentimental drama is older than is usually 
thoucht must be duly emphasised. Sir A. W. Ward has 
stated that Steele’s The Lying Lover (D.L. 1704) is the first 
sentimental comedy!. Mr Bernbaum goes back nearly a 
decade to Cibber’s Love’s Last Shift (D.L. 1696)? but neither 
of these two plays marks the upward limits of the species. 
A certain amount, of course, lies in the particular definition 
adopted of this very unclassifiable type, and, in general, 


1 Op. cit. III. 493. 2 Op. cit. 10 and 17. 


252 COMEDY 


critics are not agreed upon the main characteristics of the 
school. Sir A. W. Ward has found its root in “pity1,” Mr 
Bernbaum in a certain “‘ confidence in the goodness of human 
nature.” Probably neither has quite included all the 
varieties of the type. Pity and this confidence in the goodness 
of human nature are, moreover, rather characteristics of the 
particular drama of sentiment which arose after 1740 in 
imitation of the French school of Didérot. Even Cibber and 
Steele do not display much appreciation of either. 

At bottom, the sentimental drama, early and late, appears 
to be distinguished rather by the presentation of a moral 
problem. Neither the comedy of humours nor the comedy 
of manners asks any questions: both exist solely for laughter, 
and, if both lash vice as their defenders warmly averred they 
did, it was not for the purpose of lashing that they had their 
being, but purely and simply for the sake of the ridiculous 
and the witty. Lack of any moral code is the real, if not the 
theoretical, characteristic of the intrigue, humours and 
manners schools, as the presence of a definite ‘‘moral,”’ even 
if it was only a seventeenth or an eighteenth century moral, 
is of the sentimental. 

All through the Restoration period sporadic attempts had 
been made to chasten the drama but the more pronounced 
“‘moral” works did not make their appearance in any numbers 
until after 1680. Tuke’s The Adventures of Five Hours (L.1.F. 
1663), Stapylton’s The Slighted Maid (L.1.F. 1663) and The 
Stepmother (L.1.F. 1663), Porter’s Carnival (T.R. in B.St. 
1663), Flecknoe’s Love’s Kingdom (1664), Shadwell’s The 
Royal Shepherdess (L.1.F. 1669), Leanerd’s The Country 
Innocence (D.L. 1677) and The Counterfeits (D.G. 1678)—all 
profess to have moral aims, to present no “ bawdy,” to indulge 
in no loose wit, and in none of them are those professions 
cynical or hypocritic. During the last years of the century 
such plays increase in number. Mrs Behn and D’Urfey, as 
we shall see, produced many. Ravenscroft paid tribute to 
the new style in Dame Dobson (D.G. 1683), Southerne in The 


1 Op. cit. 111. 495. 
2 Op. cit. 2 and 144.n. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 253 


Disappointment (D.L. 1684), Shadwell and Motteux in not 
a few dramas. From without, too, the attacks on the drama, 
which had been going on spasmodically since ever the theatres 
opened, found their culmination in the last years of the 
century. From 1690 onwards we can trace, in critical dicta, 
the growing moral sense, a moral sense that was not aroused 
by, but rather only given full expression in, Collier’s out- 
burst of 1698. 

At the same time, it must be observed that the age was 
passing through a period of extremes. If, in some ways, 
Restoration licence was being cloaked over or attacked, a new 
viciousness was arising more ugly than any flagrancies of 
Rochester or of Sedley. In many ways the later seventeenth 
and the early eighteenth centuries had about them precisely 
the same immoral elements which the Restoration period 
proper had: they only clothed those elements a little better 
in sophisticated phrase and in easy philosophy. Whatever 
fifth-act repentances they may have had in the hands of Cibber 
or of Steele, the rakes of the age of William and of Anne were 
as hardened, heartless sinners as any of the days of Charles. 
In this way, sentimentalism was but the artistic clothing 
assumed to counter puritan prudery: it was a piece of hypo- 
critical deceit. The comedy of sentiment, save in the case 
of a very few authors, was but a palliation used to cover an 
even greater callousness and viciousness in the age. 

This callousness and viciousness are nowhere better to be 
seen than in the notorious and ugly “‘girl epilogues” and 
child ‘‘ dialogues” which gave, in the last years of the century, 
piquancy to many a play. The men and the women of 1685- 
1700 who professed to abhor the immoralities of Charles’ 
court appeared to love hearing the enunciation by lisping 
infants of sexual ideas not usually referred to even by adults 
in polite society. Many of the dialogues introduced into the 
comedies of 1680-1700 were intended for girls not in their 
teens. The instances, which I have already mentioned, from 
D’Urfey’s The Comical History of Don Quixote are neither 
worse nor better than scores of others. Children, too, made 
up for the comparative innocence of the body of the play, 


254 COMEDY 


by uttering the most filthy obscenities in the licence of the 
epilogue. In Powell’s Bonduca (D.L. 1695) particularly ob- 
jectionable verses are ‘spoken by Miss Denny Chock, But 
Six Years Old.” The next year this Miss Chock spoke the 
epilogue to the same author’s The Cornish Comedy (D.G. 
1696), uttering there the most atrocious sentiments: and two 
years later (when she was eight years of age) she delivered 
the epilogue to The Revengeful Queen (D.L. 1698) by William 
Philips. A Miss Howard similarly closed off Dilke’s The 
Lover’s Luck (L.1.F. 1695) and a Miss Bradshaw Mrs 
Manley’s The Royal Mischief (L.I.F. 1696) as well as The 
Deceiver Deceiv’d (L.1.F. 1697) of Mrs Pix. Miss Cross, too, 
who ran off in her girlhood to France, came in useful for 
many a dramatist wanting something risqué wherewith to 
spice the dullness of his work. Young girls, of course, had 
appeared on the early Restoration stage, but, for the most 
part, the early Restoration drama is an adult drama: the 
actresses were nearly all women of an age capable of looking 
after themselves. The girl epilogue as a regular addition to 
comedy or to tragedy did not come in until after 1680, the 
writer of the Lenten Prologue refus’d by the Players (1682) 
informing us that 


’Tis now no Fest to hear young Girls talk Baudy. 


The very expression of such a fact proves to us that the 
presence of young girls in the theatre was somewhat of an 
innovation. 

Such a brief consideration as this of the age as being 
probably more immoral than before and yet full of moral 
sentiment, and of the sentimental comedy itself as presenting 
a genuine moral problem, as being a hypocritical cloak put 
over vice and as giving rise to violent reactions, may well lead 
us to an analysis of the growth of the species. 

Peculiarly enough Mrs Behn was the first in this age to 
raise her voice against the fashionable vices of the time, to 
preach a return to more natural modes of life, and to present 
a genuine problem in her comedies. The Amorous Prince, or, 
The Curious Husband (L.1.F. c. May, 1671) and The Young 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 255 


King, or, The Mistake (D.G. c. 1679) both urge the delight 
of sinless nature: 


How much more charming are the works of Nature 
Than the Productions of laborious Art! 


cries a character in I. ii of the latter. This tendency away 
from the civilised world, and towards an untutored freedom, 
so premonitory of the ideas of Rousseau in the eighteenth 
century, is expressed again in the character of the Indian 
queen in The Widow Ranter (D.L. 1689). Her cry was to be 
taken up in later years: even in the seventeenth century itself 
Dryden in King Arthur (D.G. 1691) could call out: 


O artless Love, where the Soul moves the Tongue, 
And only Nature speaks what Nature thinks! 


and Shadwell could present to us the figure of Eugenia in 
The Volunteers (D.L. 1692). 

In Mrs Behn’s The Fore’d Marriage, or, The fealous Bride- 
groom (L.I.F. Dec. 1670) we are confronted with the second 
aspect of the incipientsentimental school. The Forc’d Marriage 
is a romantic serio-drama, scened in an Arcadian France. 
It is not its scene, however, or its characters that interest us, 
but its purpose. That purpose is a solemn one. The play is 
written about a moral problem, a problem of social life which 
evidently weighed heavily upon the authoress. The plot deals 
mainly with the forced marriage of Erminia, loved by Phi- 
lander, to Alcippus. The last-mentioned, stung by jealousy, 
strangles her, but not, as he thinks, fatally. In the end she 
reappears, to wed Philander, Alcippus being paired off a 
second time with Galatea, Philander’s sister. Crude as this 
plot is, we can see below it a strain of thought which was 
later to be developed more clearly and more realistically both 
in the English theatre and in the eighteenth century drame 
of France. 

The same, or a similar, theme appeared in The Town-Fopp, 
or, Sir Timothy Tawdrey (D.G. c. Sept. 1676) and in The 
Luckey Chance, or, An Alderman’s Bargain (D.L. c. April, 
1686). The former of these is a comedy of intrigue, largely 
derived from Wilkin’s The Miseries of Inforst Marriage. It 


256 COMEDY 


like The Fore’d Marriage, is chiefly interesting, not for its 
dialogue or its plot, but for this attempt to relate a moral 
problem to the real life of the day. 


“Till then,” says Bellmour, ‘“T’ll let mistaken Parents know 
The mischiefs that ensue a broken vow.” 


The Luckey Chance is more farcical, but again it reproduces 
that peculiar kind of moral seriousness which was so marked 
a trait of Mrs Behn. Love, with her, is something more than 
simple sensual passion, and mere cuckolding does not suffice 
for her lovers. Her women, however, are, for the most part, 
much weaker in constancy than her men, although Bellmour 
in The Town-Fopp is a noticeable example to the contrary. 
Bellmour of The Luckey Chance, on the other hand, returns 
from abroad to find Leticia, his former love, about to marry 
Sir Feeble Fainwou’d, the thought of which sends him into 
despair. Gayman, his friend, advises him to let the marriage 
go through, and then renew his protestations to the lady, 
to which Bellmour’s reply is decidedly interesting:—‘Oh 
Heavens ! Leticia marry him ! and lie with him!” The very 
phrase, rough as it is with Restoration roughness, betokens a 
feeling which in the majority of the contemporaries of Mrs 
Behn was entirely lacking’. In this play, moreover, Lady 
Fulbank is made the mouthpiece for the theories of the 
authoress against forced marriages. ‘‘Oh how fatal,” she cries, 

Oh how fatal are forc’d Marriages! 

How many Ruins one such Match pulls on! 

Had I but kept my Sacred vows to Gayman, 

How happy had I been—how prosperous he! 

Whilst now I languish in a loath’d Embrace, 

Pine out my Life with Age—Consumptions, Coughs?... 


thus emphasising the Bellmour-Leticia plot more keenly. 
The figure of the Indian queen in The Widow Ranter, or, 

The History of Bacon in Virginia (D.L. c. Nov. 1689) has 

already been drawn attention to, but the play as a whole is 
1 Apart from this, the comedy is largely of the style of manners and 


intrigue. The scene of Lady Fulbank and the reference to a “canvas 


Bag full of wooden Ladles” is very reminiscent of Otway’s The Souldier’s 
Fortune. 


? I. ii, reading “‘Consumptions” for ‘‘ Consumptious.” 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 257 


not so sentimental as are those others I have mentioned above. 
As a play, too, it hardly seems to merit the praise which 
Genest gives to it. It is a peculiar admixture of farce and 
intrigue, tricked out with some stale humours and a dash of 
the sentimental in that one pathetic figure. Mrs Behn’s last 
play, The Younger Brother, or, The Amorous Filt (D.L. c. Dec. 
1696) is also a poor piece of writing, but again has interest 
for its serious, and in places almost bitter, character. It 
reveals, as do the others, the real worth and spirit of this 
authoress, an authoress who unfortunately prostituted her 
gifts in many an intrigue play for the purpose of achieving 
success in a licentious theatre. 

Noticeable as being produced about the same time as 
Mrs Behn’s first plays are the three comedies of John 
Leanerd, all “moral” in tone, although not so pronouncedly 
sentimental as the dramas just considered. The Country 
Innocence, or, The Chamber-Maid turn’d Quaker (D.L. c.. 
April, 1677), which is but a slight adaptation of Brewer’s 
The Country Girl, is a mediocre piece of work, but has value 
for its theme. The Rambling Justice, or, The Fealous Husbands. 
With the Humours of Sir John Twiford (D.L. c. March, 1678) 
is more valuable intrinsically. Although part of it is taken 
from Middleton’s More Dissemblers besides Women}, it works 
out its intrigue theme in a fairly pure manner, introducing 
hints here and there of the sentimental style. The Counter- 
feits (D.G. May, 1678) is only ascribed to this author, and 
is notable as being the precursor, in plot at least, of Cibber’s 
She Wou’d and She Wou’d Not (D.L. 1702). This play, too, 
has a decidedly moral tone and again presents hints of the 
sentimental. 

Along with Leanerd’s three comedies might be mentioned 
Sir Salomon, or, The Cautious Coxcomb (L.1.F. c. 1669) of 
John Caryl, a surprisingly moral play containing a well- 
drawn psychological study in Sir Salomon Single, as well as 
Revet’s The Town Shifts, or, The Suburb-fustice (L.1.F. 
c. April, 1671), already mentioned for its Elizabethan re- 

1 Notably in the scene between Sir Generall Amorous and Bramble, 
and in that of the gypsies (Act 11). 

NRD 17 


258 COMEDY 


miniscences, which has been singled out as an early senti- 
mental comedy}!. 

At as early a date as this, however, there were many who 
were following along the lines of embryonic sentimentalism. 
In 1675 Crowne was putting into the mouths of his characters, 
in the very midst of Restoration licence, sentimental thoughts 
not unlike many later ones of the eighteenth century. Crowne, 
indeed, is as symptomatic a dramatist of the age as any. 
Although he had started his dramatic career fully four years 
before, his first comedy was The Country Wit, which ap- 
peared at D.G. about Jan. 1675/6. Based on Le Sicilien, ou 
L'amour peintre of Moliére, and scened in contemporary 
London (“Pail Mall, 1675”) it gives a realistic picture of 
fashionable life in the seventeenth century. The plot hinges 
around a favourite Restoration theme—the love of a girl 
(Christina) for a debauched rake (Ramble), and their com- 
bined cheating of the girl’s formal fiancé (Sir Mannerly 
Shallow). In the course of his courtship of Christina, Ramble 
falls in with not only one or two other and more dubious love 
adventures. He is the typical hero of the comedy of manners, 
' save that he is a trifle more brutal and sensual than they: yet 
on occasion he can suddenly fall into moralisation : ‘‘ How like 
a barbarous Villain do I use that divine Creature Mrs 
Christina |”? he cries. “If I were fifty Rambles bound to- 
gether, I had not merit enough for her Love, and I, though 
I am but one, yet parcel myself out every minute to fifty 
Women; yet ’tis not for want of Love to her, for the enjoy- 
ment of other Women, give (sic) me not so much Delight as 
a Smile from her.”’ That is the sentiment of a hero of 1750, 
and, even though it is followed here by the cynical thought, 
“And yet, I’gad, the enjoyment of her would not keep me 
from the chase of other Women,” we realise that it is highly 
premonitory of moral sentimentalism to come. 

Crowne was not destined to attempt comedy for another 
ten years, he engaging himself with heroic tragedies and with 
adaptations of Shakespeare, and when he did return to the 


1 Scheurer, C. M., An Early Sentimental ine in Anglia, 1913, 
XXXVII. pp. 125 f. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM — 259 


comic theatre it was to present purely political plays, framed 
mostly in the manners style, and permitting of moralisations 
only on occasion. City Politiques (D.L. Jan. 1682/3)! is 
closely to be related to D’Urfey’s and to Mrs Behn’s plays 
of the same date. Its whole raison d’étre lies in a bitter attack 
upon Shaftesbury, and to a modern palate its semi-incestuous 
attachments and its presentment of Florio, one who counter- 
feits ‘‘ Disease his Vices brought upon him” make it not very 
pleasant reading. Equally political is Sir Courtly Nice, or, 
It Cannot Be (D.L. May, 1685) fashioned at Charles’ request 
from the No puede esser of Augustin Moreto, a play that had 
served nearly twenty years previously as a model for the 
Tarugo’s Wiles of Sir Thomas St Serfe?, but here the loose 
atmosphere of the preceding comedy has given place to a 
strictly moral atmosphere. Farewel is a pure character, and 
the women, Leonora and Violante, are less mobile than their 
contemporary sisters.on the stage. Satire of “this corrupt 
Age” shows clearly enough the tendency of the play as a 
whole. About March, 1689/90, again after an incursion into 
tragedy, came The English Frier, or, The Town Sparks (D.L.), 
another violently political drama. It is a fairly good comedy, 
with a truly excellent scene in the fifth act between Pansy 
and Father Finical (bishop zm partibus infidelium). 'The senti- 
mental tone is here seen somewhat strengthened, as for 
example in Lord Wiseman’s remarks in the first act con- 
cerning Young Ranter. The English Frier was Crowne’s last 
noticeable work, The Married Beau, or, The Curious Im- 

1 Sad blunders as to the date of this play have been made. The 
Biographia Dramatica gives it as 1675: Maidment and Logan as 1688: 
Sir A. W. Ward as 1682. All doubt is set at rest by three entries in the 
Lord Chamberlain’s books. On June 15, 1682, a ““new Comedy” of 
Mr Crowne’s was licensed (L.C. 5/144, p. 247). Eleven days later, how- 
ever, on June 26, the Lord Chamberlain wrote a hurried order to Betterton: 
“Whereas I did signifie His Ma*®s pleasure in my Order dated y® 15'” of 
June instant that a New Play of M' Crownes called (blank) should be 
lyncensed & Acted at His Royall Highnesse Theatre I doe now againe 
signifie His Ma‘e* pleasure that you forbeare acting y® said play vntill 
further Order.” The further order did not come until Dec. 18, 1682, 
when leave was given to act The City Politiques, banned on June 26. In 
all probability it did not appear until the commencement of the new year. 


2 Which Dennis believes Crowne did not see until he was well through 
with his comedy (Original Letters, 1721, 1. 52). 


17-2 


260 COMEDY 


pertinent, which followed at D.L. about Jan. 1694, being but 
a light farce taken from the ever-popular tale of Cervantes. 

Crowne’s value as a writer of comedy will rest on his wit, 
which, if not so refined as that of Congreve, is yet akin to 
that of the manners school, and on those touches of sentiment 
which bind him to the new school of dramatists. 

So far we have traced the very faintest glimmerings of 
sentimentalism in the first decades of the Restoration period. 
By 1680, however, the new movement was growing in 
strength. By that year Otway had produced The Orphan, 
a play the phenomenal success of which during the following 
century shows clearly enough its tendency, while Lee in The 
Princess of Cleve (D.G. c. 1681) and Banks in Vertue Betray’d 
(D.G. 1682) and in The Unhappy Favourite (D.L. 1681) 
accompanied him in the realms of tragedy by devising tearful 
and sentimental situations replete with that pity-moving and 
thought-moving quality inherent in the sentimental drama. 
Comedy, too, was rapidly moving along the same lines. More 
and more ‘‘moral” plays were being produced. Mrs Behn’s 
experiments and Ravenscroft’s Dame Dobson (D.G. 1683) 
have already been noticed. In 1689 Shadwell contributed 
something to the species in Bury Fair and later in The 
Scowrers, and Shadwell was only one of many who, belonging 
to other schools of drama, felt the impress of the sentimental. 
Chief of these undoubtedly was Thomas D’Urfey. He more 
than anyone else aided in urging forward the progress of 
sentiment. 

Thomas D’Urfey truly holds a most peculiar position in 
the history of Restoration drama. Endowed with considerable 
ability, he eschewed the wit of Congreve for external farce. 
Gifted with originality, he based nearly all his works on other 
plays, English or foreign, earning thus the contempt of 
Langbaine. ‘‘He is accounted by some,” says that critic with 
disdain, ‘‘For an Admirable Poet, but it is by those who 
are not acquainted much with Authors, and therefore are de- 
ceiv’d by Appearances!.” A French Huguenot, he attached 


1 Op. cit. p. 179. For a fairly reliable account of D’Urfey’s dramatic 
work, see Forsythe, R.S., A Study of the Plays of Thomas D’ Urfey (1916-7). 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 261 


himself mostly to the Tory interest, and, besides his thirty 
odd plays, produced an innumerable number of songs and 
ditties, mostly of an ephemeral, because of a contemporary 
and political, interest. Broad farce as most of his comedies 
are, they are not wholly negligible, Farquhar, even, not dis- 
daining to appropriate ideas from some of them for his more 
finished productions. 

Every one of D’Urfey’s plays we may say is an adaptation 
of some previous theme farcically conceived. Madam Fickle, 
or, The Witty False One (D.G. Nov. 1676) can thus be laid 
aside as being nothing more than a series of incidents bor- 
rowed from Marmion, Marston, Mayne, and Rowley!, some- 
times, it is to be confessed, rather skilfully put together. 
Suggestions from Elizabethan plays occur also in D’Urfey’s 
second comedy, The Fool turn’d Critick (D.L. Nov. 1676)?. 
This is a quite readable farce, marred by an over use of the 
theatrical disguise device. Largely Jonsonian in its char- 
acters, it possesses, even more than the former play, a certain 
amount of somewhat pawky humour. A Fond Husband, or, 
The Plotting Sisters followed at D.G. in May 1676, and was 
well received*. This might be taken as a specimen of the 
intrigue play veering to farce. It is humorous enough, but, 
like the majority of this species, artificial in character-drawing 
and in plot-weaving alike. D’Urfey was a prolific writer, one 
of the most prolific, indeed, of the whole period, and other 
comedies followed fast on the appearance of these his first 
endeavours. Trick for Trick, or, The Debauch’d Hypocrite 
(D.L. c. March, 1678) was, certainly, but an alteration of 
Fletcher’s Monsieur Thomas*, but with Squire Oldsapp, or, 
The Night Adventurers (D.G. c. June, 1678) he returned, with 


Sir A. W. Ward’s couple of pages on him are obviously unreliable as he 
himself confesses to have read only a couple of his works and those the 
last, unacted and unimportant, operas. Whibley’s note in the Camb . Hist. 
Engl. Lit. (vi11. 174) is just but the bibliography at the end is highi yfaulty. 

1 See Forsythe, op. cit. 1. 16: Miles, D. H., op. cit. p. 108. 

2 See Biographia Dramatica, 11. 243 and Forsythe, op. cit. 1. 19. 

3 See the dedication. It was licensed June 15, 1676, but I believe the 
first performance was on the date given in the L.C. records, 

4 The alterations are considerable. For an analysis of the changes made, 
see Forsythe, op. cit. 1. 23. 


262, COMEDY 


his usual borrowings in the subordinate portions, to an indi- 
vidual main plot, much involved, and, with the possible 
exception of Welford, ‘‘a wild, debauch’'d Town-Spark,” is 
practically wholly peopled by Jonsonian characters. It is 
decidedly weaker than A Fond Husband or The Fool turn’d 
Critick. 

The Virtuous Wife, or, Good Luck at Last (D.G. c. Sept. 
1679) goes for inspiration to more modern sources. Its plot 
was quite evidently inspired by Dryden’s Marriage a la 
Mode (L.1.F. 1672) and its main theme, dealing with the 
marriage of Olivia to Beverley under the impression that he 
was Beauford, has reminiscences of the conceptions of ‘Mrs 
Behn. The play is farcical, but there is an incipient problem 
underlying the fun, a problem not fully expressed, but showing 
the tendency of D’Urfey’s art!. It is from this time indeed 
that we note a change in his comic plays. About Sept. two 
years later (1681)* appeared at D.L. Sir Barnaby Whigg, or, 
No Wit like a Woman’s, a purely party play, Sir Barnaby 
being a “‘ Phanatical Rascal, one of Oliver’s Knights.” It is, 
however, not so farcical as his earlier works, and in a way 
marks a progress on the part of D’Urfey towards presentation of 
characters of the manners type—particularly in the persons of 
Wilding, 'Townly and Livia—in another, as I shall endeavour 
toindicate, itmarks a step towards the elaboration of sentiment 

This political comedy was followed up in Jan. 1681/2, 
with The Royalist, a violent outburst against the Whigs 
which Genest says was well received®, contrary to the hint 
in the preface. It is written in blank verse and in prose, the 
scene being London in Commonwealth times with members 
of the Sequestration Committee in the cast. It is a fair pro- 
duction, but very loose in morals, looser indeed in our eyes 
when we remember that D’Urfey was trying to hold up a 
duly white-washed picture of the Cavaliers. Like Mrs Behn 
again, D’Urfey, after those political dramas, kept silent for 
a year or two, his next comedy, The Banditti, or, A Ladies 


+ Apparently it was a huge success: cf. among other references that 
in the anonymous Wit for Money (1691, p. 12). 

* There is no 1679 edition as the Camb. Hist. Engl. Lit. states (vit. 438). 

5 1.355. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 263 


Distress (D.L. c. Feb. 1685/6) not appearing till nearly four 
years had elapsed. Based partly on the novel of Don Fenise 
which had already been utilised by Mrs Behn, one part of 
it, that dealing with Don Antonio, Elvira, Laura and Don 
Ferdinand, is closely allied to The Dutch Lover. It is a true 
comedy of Spanish intrigue, with rather much matter in it 
and hence unduly complicated. This may have been the 
reason why, although it is well-written, it was unsuccessful 
on the stage!. A similarly cold reception was given to A Fool’s 
Preferment, or, The Three Dukes of Dunstable (D.G.c. April, 
1688), the songs of which were set by Purcell. Based partially 
on Fletcher’s The Noble Gentleman, it introduces a ‘‘ Bassett 
scene” or two, professedly designed to satirise the noble art 
of gaming. | 

With this play fitly closes the second period of D’Urfey’s 
art. It shows him tentatively feeling at a new species of 
dramatic expression which was to lead him later to attempts 
in the sentimental comedy proper. The relation between his 
career and that of Aphra Behn is one which, for an under- 
standing of the age, must be kept closely in mind. Not only 
do their dramatic productions peculiarly coalesce, but a study 
of those productions proves to us the correspondence that 
undoubtedly exists between the political excitement of 1681-2 
and the rise of the sentimental drama. Both of the writers 
mentioned, about the same year, 1681, drew comedy from 
the pure realms of intrigue and of wit, down to the arena of 
politics, thus more or less relating it to life’s affairs. Politics 
have little enough to do with morals or moralisations, but 
once comedy had taken it as its mission to “puff” opposing 
parties, or to take sides on national issues, it was but a short 
step ere it came to treat of social and hence of domestic 
questions and aims. 

Practically all D’Urfey’s last plays show traces, greater or 
less, of sentimentalism. Love for Money, or, The Boarding 
School (D.L. c. Dec. 1689) was a fair success in its time*, 


1 See the dedication. 

2 In the eighteenth century it was revived in 1708 and in 1718. It was 
altered by Coffey in 1733 as The Boarding House Romps, or, The Sham 
Captain. 


264 COMEDY 


and has peculiar value for us in connection with the points 
referred to above. It is one of the first of our Restoration 
plays to exhibit an interest in “local colour” and it is de- 
cidedly modern in revealing through the romantic Merriton 
and Mirtilla plot elements of a melodramatic kind as well as 
distinct features of the sentimental comedy”. The former of 
the two characters just mentioned is the regular serious, 
emotional, philosophic young man of the later drama, just 
as Mirtilla is the typically pure and misused heroine, rendered 
happy at the end. 

In The Richmond Heiress, or, A Woman once in the Right 
(D.L. c. Feb. 1693) we find the sentimental note so apparent 
in the last-mentioned play even deeper and more pronounced’. 
‘The last speeches of Fulvia and of Sophronia might have 
come from a drama of 1750, and the former’s rejection of 
mankind has something in it of the later temper. As a work 
of art, however, it lacks the individuality of Love for Money. 

When taken into consideration with these sentimental pro- 
ductions, D’Urfey’s other works of the same period have a 
decided interest as showing the lack of fixity in the age, the 
continual complication of diverse ideals. The Marriage- 
Hater Match’d (D.L. c. Dec. 1691) is, certainly, of interest 
for little more than its Elizabethan, and particularly for its 
Shakespearian reminiscences®, but the three parts of Don 
Quixote and The Campaigners deserve more thorough atten- 


1 In the preface D’Urfey stated he lived all the summer at a boarding 
school in order to get his ideas and atmosphere. 

2 Particularly in v. iii; Merriton, hearing that Mirtilla has become rich, 
has scruples about marrying her, for fear he should be accused of in- 
triguing after her money. This plot is strictly in accord with that of such 
a later sentimental play as Morris’s The Secret (D.L. Mar. 1799). 

® ‘This play in particular and D’Urfey in general, came in for a fairly 
severe attack in Wit for Money, or, Poet Stutier: A Dialogue Between 
Smith, Fohnson, and Poet Stutter Containing Reflections on some late Plays ; 
and particularly on Love for Money, or, The Boarding School (1691). This 
accuses D’Urfey of plot-stealing and of general folly and conceit. He is 
styled there “a conceited, touchy, illiterate, pragmatical Nothing” (p. 30). 
This piece is interesting in many ways, but is too bitter to be taken very 
seriously. 

* It was well received (Gildon, C., An Exact Account, pp. 51-2). 

5 Cf. Forsythe, op. cit. p. 86. In iv. iii Lady Subtle declares: ‘I'll 
wear thee here, here next my Heart, where thou shalt grow for ever” 
—an obvious echo of Duncan’s words in Macbeth. 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 265 


tion’. Peculiarly, when we consider the movement of 
D’Urfey’s art as expressed in these latter plays, The Comical 
History of Don Quixote (Parts I and II, D.G. May 1694; 
Part III, D.L. ce. Nov. 1695) was so licentious that it was 
given a slightly doubtful reception on the stage. I have 
already referred to certain scenes and songs in that play, or 
series of plays, and have indicated my belief that the Mary 
Buxome scenes were objected to on hypocritical grounds, 
while nothing but pleasure was gained by the contemporary 
audiences from the indecent ditties song by Miss Cross. 
These three parts Collier saw fit to pillory in his famous 
invective and D’Urfey was actually prosecuted for profanity 
in May, 1698?. As a series of plays, the set is a failure. 
D’Urfey has done as much as he could possibly have done 
with his material, but a fantastic novel does not present fit 
matter for a play. One might as well think of dramatising 
Tristram Shandy as of making the novel of Cervantes into 
a comedy. 

The Intrigues at Versailles, or, A Filt in all Humours® (L.1.F. 
c. Feb. 1696/7) is not a particularly interesting work, either 
for plot or for language, but The Campaigners, or, The 
Pleasant Adventures at Brussels (D.L. 1698) has many points 
of value. It contains, in the first place, D’Urfey’s reply to 
Collier in the shape of A Familiar Preface upon a Late Re- 
former of the Stage, which, from an intrinsic point of view, 
is certainly a weak enough affair. In the second place, we 
cannot regard The Campaigners as anything else but a flagrant 
outburst on the part of the author in opposition to the attack 
made upon him. The play is immoral, indecent, vulgar: 
scene after scene of crudest realism is put before the eyes of 
the spectators: and yet even here the author has had to 
succumb to the new forces at work. Back as we are in the 
graceless atmosphere of earlier Restoration days, there is, 
particularly in the words of Colonel Dorange, sure evidence 
of the altered tone. If comedy sinned now, it sinned, not 


1 An analysis of the relations between the novel and the plays may be 
found in Forsythe, op. cit. I. 101. 

2 Gosse, E., Life of Congreve (1888), p. 119. 

3 Not “ In all her Humours,” as Genest gives it (11. 119). 


266 COMEDY 


unconsciously as Etherege had done, but with a full realisa- 
tion of its errors, with a guilty glance around as if it feared 
the blow that was about to fall. 

By this time, of course, Cibber had appeared and with 
him the acknowledged reign of the sentimental comedy. 
Love’s Last Shift (D.L. Jan. 1695/6) is typical, not only of 
the whole personality of the actor-author, but of what were 
to be the main characteristics of this type of drama for several 
years to come. Undoubtedly the most penetrating criticism 
passed upon it was that of Congreve who declared that it 
‘‘had only in it a great many Things that were like Wit, that 
were in reality not Wit!.”” This comedy inaugurated definitely 
the Cibberian epoch of comedy, although it was, as we have 
seen, not alone in owing a great part of its success to “‘the 
mere Moral Delight receiv’d from the Fable.” Like some 
comedies of D’Urfey and others it merely aided in standard- 
ising that special code of dramatic morals which set a super- 
ficial veneer over manners not far removed from those of the 
court of Charles. The fifth act conversion atoned for all. 
Such superficial, and, to our eyes, hypocritical, methods of 
morality are hardly likely to please a modern public, and 
often we feel more annoyed, as Fielding felt annoyed, with 
the sham of virtue than with the most flagrant exhibition of 
vice. The age still enjoyed its evil, gallant heroes, as Cibber 
himself confesses in a somewhat apologetic epilogue to this 
particular play, where he refers to the unlooked-for con- 
version of his sinning lover: 


But then again, 
He’s lewd for above four Acts, Gentlemen! 


Possibly no other quotation so aptly sums up the thought of 
the age’. 

Cibber’s genius was by no means of the quality of Etherege 
or of Congreve. Less deep, less artistic, apt to be fluttered 
by praise and ever with abundant self-conceit, he was not 


1 Lowe’s Cibber, 1. 220. 

2 Love’s Last Shift was acted on the recommendation of Southerne. 
It was last revived at Covent Garden in 1763. Dennis in his Original 
Letters, Familiar, Moral, and Critical (1721), pp. 138-143, casts doubt 
upon the authorship of this comedy, but apparently without any just cause. 


=— es ee 


FARCE AND SENTIMENTALISM 267 


content with the few carefully-worked masterpieces of those 
authors; on the success of his first play he had naught to do 
but rush into hasty productivity, a productivity which ex- 
tended to the age of Anne and after. His other seventeenth 
century piece, however, Woman’s Wit, or, The Lady in Fashion 
(D.L. c. Dec. 1696) is a poor piece of work: his best plays 
belong to the later age. 

With Cibber we are in the company of a new race of 
authors, authors who, like Pierre Antoine Motteux, were to 
drive forward the sentimental drama on its triumphal career 
during the eighteenth century, were to inaugurate, too, that 
dramatic era of song, dance and show, weaker, more trivial 
and less entertaining, than the song and show of the heroic 
tragedy or of the Restoration comedy. Everywhere in the 
theatrical world the elements of disintegration are only too 
evident. Pantomime had already begun, and the comic opera. 
It required only a little to send comedy careering like a mad 
country girl along that slightly vulgar and certainly very 
inartistic path of noise and spectacle which includes the 
ballets and the pasticcios of the eighteenth century. Cibber 
and Farquhar and Vanbrugh, each in his own way, kept the 
spirit of humour alive for a little, as did later Fielding and 
Moore and Sheridan and Goldsmith, but the free expression 
of pure laughter, untouched by thought or by conscience, 
unfed by musical novelties, had passed away for ever. The 
halcyon days of the drama were dead. 

1 This owes to Mountfort’s Greenwich Park and to Carlisle’s The Fortune 


Hunters. It was apparently suppressed by the author in later years. The 
original contract with Rich for its acting is given in Appendix B. 


APPENDIX A 


History of the Playhouses 
1660-1700 


N Sept. 16421, playing had been stopped by the new 
Puritan government, the ordinance of suppression being 
confirmed in 16472, and again in Feb. 1647/8%. These edicts, as 
may be imagined, were duly clamoured against*, and surreptitious 
performances continued at the various theatres, whenever old 
actors were able to gather a company and an audience®. The first 
hint of legalised acting, however, does not come until D’Avenant’s 
performances of 1656 and 1658, at Rutland House and at the 
Cockpit, although possibly even he was going just a trifle beyond 
his rights ®, 


1 The Ordinance has been reprinted in Collier’s History of English 
Dramatic Poetry (1879), 11. 36 and in Hazlitt’s The English Drama and 
Stage under the Tudor and Stuart Princes, 1543-1664 (Roxburghe Club, 
1869), p. 63. This prohibited playing merely while ‘‘these sad causes 
and set-times of humiliation do continue.” 

2 This was “‘for the better suppression of Stage Playes.”’ It has been 
reprinted in Collier, op. cit. 1. 41 and Hazlitt, op. cit. 64. It gave 
authority to magistrates and others to enter playhouses and to imprison 
the players. 

3 Reprinted Collier, op. cit. 11. 44-46 and Hazlitt, op. cit. 65-70. 

* See The Actors Remonstrance, or, Complaint...for the Silencing of 
their Profession, and banishment of their severall Play-Houses (1643), and 
The Players’ Petition to Parliament (1643) as well as the petition “‘of 
divers poor and distressed men, heretofore the Actors of Black-Friers 
and the Cockpit’’ cited by Firth in Notes and Queries, 8, v. 464. 

5 The order of 1647-8 mentioned that acting had been indulged in 
““by divers in contempt” of the former two ordinances. See Wright, 
Historia Histrionica (1699), 8-9 and Whitelock, Memorials, under Dec. 20, 
1649. Reference to playing will also be found in The Moderate Intelli- 
gencer, No. 195, of Dec. 28—-Jan. 4, 1649/50. In Sept. 1656, the players 
at the Red Bull were ordered to be conscripted, whereat arose a riot 
(Mercurius Familosus, Sept. 12-19, 1655). See for this whole subject, 
H. E. Rollins, A Contribution to the History of the English Commonwealth 
Drama in Studies in Philology, July, 1921. 

® On Oct. 15, 1658, he seems to have got permission to act and there 
was talk of his fitting out the Fortune playhouse for his shows (Hist. MSS. 
Comm.). An order, however, appeared in The Publick Intelligencer of 
Dec. 20-27, 1658, to inquire into his operatic productions and in a 
newsletter from G. Mabbott to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, dated 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 269 


These surreptitious performances and the shows of D’Avenant 
coming just at the close of the Commonwealth régime display well 
the undercurrent of the time in favour of theatrical productions, 
and we feel it but natural that, when the arrival of Monk and later 
of Charles himself removed many of the previous restrictions, 
this undercurrent added to the enthusiasm of the reinstated 
Cavaliers should at once assert itself. The first that we hear of 
acting in the Restoration period is a reference in the Middlesex 
Records under the date May 12, 16591, to the fact that William 
Wintershall and Henry Eaton gave recognisances for the appear- 
ance of Anthony Turner, responsible for plays given at the old 
Red Bull, and of Edward Shatterall. This theatre Downes and 
Wright both declare was utilised by a body of pre-Commonwealth 
Blackfriars actors, who later became the King’s comedians?. The 
company at the Red Bull, which probably soon received a licence 
although none is now extant, was later captained by “Major” 
Michael Mohun or Moon. It seems to have lost Anthony Turner 
and Henry Eaton at an early date, but kept Edward Shatterall 
until at least 1667 and William Wintershall or Wintersell until 
just before 1679. By June 1660 it must have included besides 
these two and Mohun, Nicholas Burt, Richard Baxter, William 
Cartwright, Walter Clun, Charles Hart, John Lacy, Robert 
Shatterell and Thomas Loveday*. A list of the plays given by this 
company is given in a MS. of Sir Henry Herbert, Master of the 
Revels ®. 

These older actors, however, were by no means the first on 
the field. Already on Feb. 4, 1659/60 Thomas Lillieston was 
arrested for wrongfully playing at the Cockpit or the Phoenix ®. 


Dec. 28, 1658 (B.M. MS. Lansdowne 823, f. 180) it is mentioned that 
there has been formed ‘‘a Committee of the Councell to consider by what 
authoritie the opera in Drury Lane is showne in imetation of a play, and 
what the nature of it is.”’ It is possible that “the pastoral’’ mentioned in 
a document referred to in the Hist. MS\S. Comm. Report, xv. vii. 161 which 
was prevented because of the soldiery was an early endeavour of D’Avenant. 
It is referred to under the date Jan. 7, 1657/8. 

2 T3790. 

2 Not all were Blackfriars men: several appear to have belonged to 
Beeston’s “ young”? company at the Cockpit. 

3 He died in July, 1679. 

4 The names of the actors are derived from Downes and from lists 
given in the L.C. books in the P.R.O. 

5 This was printed by Malone in his Historical Account of the English 
Stage, forming part of his Variorum Shakespeare (1821, 11. 273), and 
reprinted in the recent work of Quincy Adams, The Dramatic Records of 
Henry Herbert, Master of the Revels (1919). 

8 Middlesex Records, 111. 282. 


270 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


This house, as Downes informs us}, was first tenanted by a group 
of younger players, gathered together by John Rhodes, a former 
bookseller. As Downes mentions that Rhodes received his licence 
in 1659/60, this company must have been legally recognised 
between Feb. 4 and March 25. Rhodes, apparently, had depended 
on few of the older trained players, but had gathered about him 
a set of young men, of whom Thomas Betterton was chief. This 
company included, besides these two, one Dixon, ‘Thomas Lovel, 
Robert Nokes, Thomas Sheppey, Robert Turner, Cave Under- 
hill, and another six who “‘commonly Acted Womens Parts,” 
Edward Kynaston, James Nokes, Edward Angel, William Better- 
ton, John Mosely and one Floid?. 

Of one company more at this time have we cognisance, a 
company which acted for a time at Salisbury Court. ‘That theatre 
in 1652 had been acquired by William Beeston®, who, sometime 
during the summer of 1660, received official licence to act. What 
performers produced The Rump there early in 1660 we do not 
know, but certainly after June, 1661, the theatre was occupied 
by George Jolly and his troupe*. 

Up to this date the theatrical history of the time is fairly easy 
to follow. It is the few months immediately after June, 1660, 
that seem wrapped in an almost unfathomable obscurity. Happily, 
however, there are a few stray records in the Public Record Office 
which throw light on the history of the time, and those help us 
to reconstruct the events of the following half-a-dozen months 
with tolerable accuracy, although there will probably ever remain 
one or two points never to be settled. On July g and on July 19, 
1660, warrants were issued to prepare grants of monopoly in 
theatrical affairs to Thomas Killigrew and to Sir William 
D’Avenant respectively®, and the patents were formally issued 
on August 21 of the same year®. On June 20 Sir Henry Herbert 

Spi 

2 The list of names is again derived from Downes and from L.C. 
records. Dixon and Lovel had acted before 1642. 

3 See J. Q. Adams, Shakespearean Playhouses, pp. 381 fi. 

4 For Jolly, see infra. 

° Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1660-1, pp. 114 and 124. 

* This patent is given in Fitzgerald, P., A New History of the English 
Stage (1882), 1. 23. It is not necessary to give this patent in toto, but, as 
with other documents later to be mentioned a summary of the contents 
may be presented. The patent mentions (1) that plays have been per- 
formed for money, (2) that they “doe containe much matter of prophana- 
tion and scurrility”’ and “for the most part tende to the debauchinge of 
the manners of such as are present at them,” but (3) might be used to 
““serue as innocent and harmlesse diuertisement for many of our sub- 
jects,” (4) the King therefore presents a licence to “our trusty and well 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 271 


was officially sworn as Master of the Revels, enjoying the old 
dignities of the office, though those were now somewhat shorn of 
their glory by reason of the patents. One would have expected 
that from this date the history of the stage would have resolved 
itself into an account of the theatres organised by the two patentees 
and the struggle of both against the power of the Master of the 
Revels. That struggle certainly did take place, but it was con- 
siderably complicated by other and outside influence. 

In the first place, the two patentees did not start acting im- 
mediately after they had received their official warrants. Herbert 
had issued a complaint before Aug. 4, 1660, which D’Avenant 
answered with a contemptuous disregard!. Herbert’s complaint 
addressed to Sir Jeffrey Palmer, Attorney-General, was dismissed 
on Sept. 14, since, in the words of Palmer, the latter had ‘‘ received 
an intimation, by letter from Sir William D’Avenant, that” he 
“was freed from further hearing this matter.” It was probably the 
actual arrangements of the stage that delayed their actions. Killi- 
grew, in this respect, was first on the field. He appears to have 
come to an arrangement at once with the Mohun company?, and 
to have started them playing on Thursday, Nov. 8, at Gibbon’s 
Tennis Court in Vere Street, Clare Market, converted for the 
nonce into a theatre-royal*. Here he remained until on Thursday, 


beloued Thomas Killigrew, Esq. one of the Groomes of our Bedchamber, 
and Sir William Dauenant, knight” to form two companies of players 
and erect two houses “‘ with all convenient roomes and other necessaries 
thereunto appertayning,” granting them leave, (5) to fix the prices of 
entrance, “‘as either haue bin accustomely giuen...or as shall be reasonable 
in regard of the great expences of scenes, musick, and such new decorations 
as haue not been formerly used,” and (6) to settle the payment of the 
actors. (7) It is added that considering the licentiousness of certain plays 
recently given no other company should be allowed to act in the city of 
London and (8) that the two patentees should present no such play but 
(9) peruse all the plays before acting and cut out the offensive passages. 

1 See the documents in J. Q. Adams, Dramatic Records of Sir Henry 
Herbert, pp. 85-7. 

2 The articles of agreement are given in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1.27. The 
actors in the agreement are Hart, Bird, Mohun, Burt, Lacy, Robert 
Shatterell, Clun, Cartwright, Wintershall, Baxter, Kinaston, Blagden 
and Loveday, entering into conditions with Thomas Killigrew and 
Sir Robert Howard. 

3 The date is given in the Herbert documents mentioned above; see 
Adams, op. cit. p. 116. Within a few months trouble appears to have 
arisen, for on Sept. 9, 1661, there is an order for the shutting of the theatre: 
“To the Company of his Ma‘!¢* Comoedians at the new Theatre These 
are to will and require you vpon sight hereof to forbeare to act any more 
playes or showes as you will answer the Contrary at your perills giuen 
vnder my hand this nynth day of September 166j To his Mat!¢’ Com- 
madians or Actors at the new Theater.” 


272 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


May 7, 1663}, he moved to a more commodious house in Bridges- 
street, Covent-Garden. D’Avenant was considerably slower: 
possibly he may have been in France during the first few months, 
for on Mar. 17 he had received a passport for Paris*. In any case, 
he did not come to terms with his actors until Monday, Nov. 5°, 
selecting then for his company the younger men of the Cockpit. 


1 See Pepys’ Diary for the exact date of opening. 

2 Cal. State Papers, Dom, Series, 1659-60, p. 571. 

3 The agreement is printed in Adams, op. cit. pp. 96-100, and in Halli- 
well-Phillipps, J.O., 4 Collection of Ancient Documents respecting the Office 
of the Master of the Revels, pp. 27-31. Itis an agreement tripartite between 
Sir William D’Avenant, the actors (Thomas Betterton, Sheppey, Robert 
Nokes, James Nokes, Lovell, Moseley, Underhill, Turner and Lillieston), 
and ‘‘ Henry Harris, of the citty of London, Painter.”” A summary of the 
document may be given as follows: (1) D’Avenant agreed to constitute 
the actors above mentioned into a company, settled (2) that they might 
act by virtue of his patent in any London theatre charging what prices 
they would until a ‘“‘newe theatre with scenes”’ should be provided for 
them. (3) It was agreed that they should remain playing for the nonce at 
Salisbury Court, (4) that there, after expenses for house-rent and “hire- 
lings”’ had been paid, the profits should be divided into 14 shares, (5) that 
D’Avenant should have 4 of these and the company to, (6) that during 
their time at Salisbury Court D’Avenant should depute some of their 
number to receive his proportion and to watch the accounts, (7) that music 
might be provided in Salisbury Court, to be defrayed out of the general 
shares, at a cost not exceeding 30s. nightly, (8) that at a week’s notice the 
actors should be ready to join D’Avenant, Harris ‘“‘and other men and 
women provided or to be provided by the said Sir Wm. Davenant”’ at 
the new theatre. It was further agreed (9) that in the new theatre, after 
the general expenses had been deducted, the profits should be divided 
into 15 shares, (10) that 2 shares should go to D’Avenant for house-rent, 
building, and frames for scenes, (11) and that another 1 share should go 
to D’Avenant for scenes and costumes, (12) that the other 12 shares should 
be divided into 7 and 5, D’Avenant to have 7 to maintain the actresses, 
and the other 5 to go to the company, Harris to have a portion equal with 
the highest. The document then ends with some interesting points of 
detail. (13) The receipts were to “bee by ballatine, or tickettes sealed for 
all doores and boxes.” (14) D’Avenant undertook to provide three men 
to receive the money for these tickets, the actors appointing some of 
themselves to supervise the accounts. (15) D’Avenant undertook to 
provide half the number of doorkeepers necessary for the receipt of the 
tickets, as well as a wardrobe keeper and barber, their salaries to be de- 
ducted from the general receipts of the house. (16) D’Avenant had full 
power to assign any share that fell vacant and to appoint the wages of 
the “hirelings.”’ (17) D’Avenant was not to provide among the costumes 
“eyther hatts, feathers, gloves, ribbons, sworde-belts, bandes, stockinges, 
or shoes, for any of the men actors aforesaid, unless it be a propertie.’ 
(18) A private box was to be provided for Killigrew. (19) The actors each 
agreed to enter into a bond of £500, and settled that any new sharer should 
do the like. (20) Harris likewise agreed to a similar bond. (21) Finally 
D’Avenant was appointed sole master of the theatre. 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 273 


He started them playing at Salisbury Court ten days later, on 
Nov. 15, but the new theatre mentioned in the document was not 
ready until the end of June, 166r. 

Meanwhile, the actors not included in the Killigrew and in the 
D’Avenant agreements seem to have continued acting for some 
considerable time. The question of dramatic right and legality 
was not settled for some few years after this date. On Aug. 7, 
the case of one John Rogers was referred to Sir Henry Herbert, 
who directed that the petitioner should be appointed to guard 
the playhouses “from all molestations and injuries,” receiving 
therefor a weekly allowance. This order was dated Aug. 20, and 
was directed “‘to the actors of the playhouses called the Red Bull, 
Cockpit, and theatre in Salisbury Court1.” On Aug. 11, Herbert 
declared on July 11, 1662, the King’s company (at the Red Bull), 
Beeston (at Salisbury Court) and Rhodes (at the Cockpit) agreed 
to pay him £4 a week”. On Aug. 20, undoubtedly because of the 
patent given the following day to Killigrew and D’Avenant, the 
King issued an order to Sir William Wylde and other Justices of 
the Peace in London that the three houses mentioned should be 
suppressed*. On Aug. 30, however, from a letter addressed by 
H. Moseley to Herbert we find the three houses still in existence*. 
On Oct. 8, Herbert sent a peremptory note to Rhodes inquiring 
about his licence to act at the Cockpit, to which the latter replied 
on Oct. 10 that he had authority from the King®. The matter 
becomes truly complicated when we discover from a letter ad- 
dressed by the Master of the Revels to Mohun “and the rest of 
the actors of the Cockpitt play-house,” warning him against the 
high prices charged there®, that the Mohun company on Oct. 13 
were also using that house. 

It is here, indeed, that the peculiar confusion regarding the 
state of the theatres really begins. Mr R. W. Lowe in his Life of 
Betterton’ has conjectured that about this date the King made a 
union of various companies, a union which lasted for a few months. 
In support of his contention he has adduced a petition of the 


1 Document given in Adams, op. cit. pp. 83-4. The theatres were 
occupied by the Mohun company, the Betterton company and possibly 
Jolly’s men respectively. 

2 Document given in Malone, op. cit. p. 266. 

3 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1660-1, p. 196. 

4 Adams, op. cit. p. 90. There is definitely mentioned in this letter 
“the gentlemen actors of the Red Bull,” “Mr Rhodes of the Cockpitt 
play-house” and the ‘‘ Whitefryers (z.e. Salisbury Court) playhouse and 
players.” 

5 Adams, op. cit. p. 93. 6 Adams, op. cit. pp. 93-4. 

7 pp. 67-9. 

NRD 18 


274 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


actors of the King’s company in which occurs a phrase “And 
according to your Majesty’s approbation from all the companies 
we made election of one company,” and a document in the Public 
Record Office in which the King enumerates His Majesty’s 
Comedians—Burt, Hart, Mohun, Robert Shatterell, Lacy, Winter- 
sell, Clunne, Cartwright, Edward Shatterell, Baxter, Loveday, 
as well as Kynaston and Betterton?. This entry is dated Oct. 6, 
1660. On the face of it, this supposition looks very much as if it 
were the true one, although not all facts bear it out. In the first 
place, the petition already referred to is signed only by Mohun, 
Robert Shatterall, Hart, Burt, Cartwright, Clun and Wintershall. 
It declares that after considerable harassing from Herbert, they 
had agreed to act with “‘woemen” at a new theatre to be built by 
Killigrew, where they were to have “‘habitts according” to their 
“‘sceanes.”’ It is not certain, of course, exactly when this petition 
was issued, but if it was, as Mr Lowe supposes, an answer to the 
order of Oct. 13, it is certainly strange that Betterton, if he had 
been a member of the troupe, should not have signed it along with 
the others. Again, the entry of Betterton’s name alongside of the 
Red Bull actors as cited by Lowe, is not the only one in the docu- 
ments contained in the Public Record Office. In the same 
volume under the date July 29, 1661, Betterton is included along- 
side of others as receiving stuff for a livery as a servant of his 
Majesty®, while on Dec. 17, 1661, it was certified that precisely 
the same actors had been enrolled as ‘“‘the Queenes Comoedians?#.” 
On May 30, 1662, a similar list had cut out Betterton. Betterton, 
it can easily be proved, was acting with D’Avenant long before 
July, 1661, and certainly very long before the December of that 
year. This Royal Company surely can have been nothing but a 
troupe selected for the Cockpit at Whitehall, including in it two 
of the finest, possibly at that time the only two gifted and trained 
actors in the Cockpit company. We can never trust one single MS. 
which contradicts all we know of the history of the stage, and 
must presume that Herbert’s mention of Mohun at the Cockpit 
is an error, or that some slight re-arrangement of the theatres had 
taken place. The mention of Kynaston along with Betterton, it 
may be remarked, does not in any way complicate matters, as 
that actor early abandoned the Cockpit company to join the new 
theatre in Vere-street. 


1 Adams, op. cit. p. 95. 

* L.C. 5/137, p. 332. In giving these lists I have retained the spelling 
of the names of actors. 

27 1-C25/137, Pp. 313 also.am ie.C.7)/ ape. 

4 LC. 5/137, p. 333- 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 275 


After Monday, Nov. 5, the date of the agreement with D’Avenant, 
Betterton and the other players working under Rhodes, occupied 
the playhouse in Salisbury Court, opening it on Thursday, 
Nov. 15. Precisely a week previously, on Thursday, Nov. 8, the 
T.R. in V.St. started with a production of Henry IV. Both 
companies seemed to be acting under considerable difficulties. 
Money, for both, was scarce. It was always a complaint with the 
Royal troupe that the theatrical expenses barely allowed them 
any profit. As I have pointed out, the statements of Herbert 
“that Mr Thomas Killegrew drawes 109/. 6s. per week from the 
Kinges Company, as credibly informed” was probably a gross 
exaggeration’. Similarly his assumption “that Sir William 
Dauenant drawes 10 shares of 15 shares, which is valued at 
200l. per week, cleer profitt, one week with another, as credibly 
informed” may not have been true to the facts of the case. 
D’Avenant, we know, was in continual difficulties. From a later 
document in the Public Record Office? we learn that he ‘stood 
indebted to M? Cademan in a Bond of roo# and in Consideration 
that M’ Cademan woud acquit S' W™ of y® s* debt and Act as a 
Player S' W™ promised to settle upon him 30 p Week to be paid 
out of y° proffits arising from y® playhouse.” From another 
document we discover that in order to provide for his theatre he 
was forced to run into other and more serious debts’. Not only 
financially, however, were the theatres harassed. Sir Henry 
Herbert worried them considerably in an endeavour to bring them 
to their knees. Not finding the petitions already referred to 
successful, he brought an action against Mohun in October, 1660. 
The latter was tried in December, the action going in his favour. 
Later, on Jan. 16, 1662, he flew higher, bringing an action against 


1 Adams, op. cit. p.121. Evidently the theatre was burdened by outside 
claims. In the P.R.O., L.C. 5/184 appears an order to the effect that “It 
is his Ma‘®* pleasure that his Company of Comoedians at the new 
Theatre doe obserue and keepe the agreement made with S' William 
Killegrew for the Lady Butler and that they pay the Lady Butler two 
hundred pounds a yeare according to the sayd agreement Giuen under 
my hand this 15th day of May 166j:” 

Se C5 /5: 

3 L.C. 7/3 given in Appendix B. D’Avenant was sued in November, 
1662, by William Crow, and by William Creed on Dec. 2, 1663. The 
Creed case dragged on until on May 14, 1666 the Lord Chamberlain 
wrote a peremptory letter to him: “St M* Creed hath beene a petition’ 
soe long against you & I haue giuen you soe often notice both from my 
selfe and alsoe by direction of y® Councell....I shall therefore desire that 
you take some speedy course for his satisfaccon....” (This and the other 
entries are in L.C. 5/184-186.) 


18-2 


276 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


the two patentees!, and on May 6 of that year he attacked Betterton. 
The King’s company seem to have been the first to come to terms, 
which they did on June 4, 1662”. At the end of the same month, 
D’Avenant, who does not seem to have been brought so easily 
to book, presented a petition to the King, complaining against 
Herbert’s pretensions. On the 30th the King referred the whole 
matter to the Lord High Chancellor, Clarendon, and on July 7 
the latter appointed the following Wednesday for the hearing. 
For this, Herbert drew up an elaborate series of rather grandilo- 
quent claims, not always based on matter of fact, complaining, too, 
that it was hard that such a person as he, always devoted to the 
interest of the King, should ‘“‘bee ousted of his just possession, 
rightes and proffittes, by Sir William Dauenant, a person who 
exercised the office of Master of the Reuells to Oliuer the Tyrant, 
and wrote the First and Second Parte of Peru, acted at the Cock- 
pitt, in Oliuers tyme, and soly in his fauour*.” What the result 
of the hearing was we do not know, but possibly D’Avenant 
also acquiesced in the claims of the Master. At any rate, Hayward, 
writing to Herbert from the Revels office on July 27, 1663, thought 
that “‘ Great matters are to bee expected from the Duke of Yorks 
playhouse*.” ; 

It will have been noticed that three of the actors and actor- 
managers referred to above were not included in the general 
arrangements made by Killigrew and by D’Avenant. ‘These were 
Beeston, Rhodes and Jolly. All of these appear to have continued 
playing for some time at least. On Dec. 24, 1660, Jolly received 
a licence to play, notwithstanding the sole authority given to the 
patentees®, yet on July 31, 1661, an order was issued to suppress 

1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1661-2, p. 244. 

2 Malone, op. cit. p. 269. The clauses of the agreement may be sum- 
marised as follows: (1) A firm amity to be concluded between the two 
contending parties. (2) Killigrew agreed to pay before Aug. 4 all monies 
owing by the King’s company (these are given as Mohun, Wintershall, 
Robert Shatterall, Cartwright, Burt, Clun and Hart) for new plays at 4os. 
a play, and for revived plays at 20s. a play acted since Aug. 11, 1660. 
(3) Killigrew agreed to pay by the same date all losses in Herbert’s law- 
suits. (4) Killigrew likewise agreed to give Herbert a present of £50,“‘for 
his damages susteyned from them and by their means.” (5) Killigrew 
agreed to aid Herbert in restoring the office of the Revels, even against 
his co-patentee, Sir William D’Avenant “‘and his pretended company of 
players.” (6) Herbert agreed to assist Killigrew in all ways. (7) Herbert 
arranged on payment of the money to give back to Killigrew ‘‘the deede 
of couenants, sealed, and deliuered by the said Mychaell Mohun and 
y® others named, bearing date the 11 August.”? This was no doubt the 
agreement, unhappily not now extant, mentioned above. 


8 The documents will all be found in Malone, op. cit. pp. 265-6. 
4 Adams, op. cit. p. 128. 


® Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1660-1, p. 423. 


——— 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES~ 277 


all licences save those granted to Killigrew and to D’Avenant, 
mention being made of some that-had been “secretly” obtained 
from the King!. This order of suppression does not seem to have 
been operative at once, as we find Jolly and Beeston, quarrelling 
it is true, at Salisbury Court, in October and November, 16612. 
Apparently the easiest way to get rid of this George Jolly was to 
provide him with a licence for the provinces, and this accordingly 
was prepared on Jan. 1, 1662/3, and actually given to him on 
Jan. 274. His London licence of Dec. 24, 1660, was revoked on 
July 23, 16635. This particular matter is also deeply complicated 
by the fact that in a proviso for a nursery (dated July 23, 1663) 
Jolly would appear to have been acting in direct conjunction with 
Killigrew®. The revocation of his licence does not seem to have 


1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1661-2, p. 47. 

2 'The first intimation of this is ‘‘ The humble petition of William Beeston 
agt Mr Jolley” (L.C. 5/184). Both parties were ordered to attend the 
Lord Chamberlain on the Wednesday following. On Nov. 13 an order 
addressed to “‘ George Jolly and his Company actors or Commoedians at 
the Cockpitt”’ was issued (L.C. 5/137, p. 333). This bid him perform no 
more until the difference between Beeston and the company had been 
settled. The following Friday was decided upon for the hearing of the 
case. It is to be noted that there was no question of forbidding them to 
play as being an unlicensed company. Cockpit was probably a clerk’s 
error for Salisbury Court. Later in the month a formal order was prepared 
and sent out. “Whereas his Ma%® Ordered George Jollyes Company of 
Players should act at W™ Beestons Theater in Salisbury Court And for 
that the said George Jolley & W™ Beeston haue refered themselves to 
mee w! he the said George Jollye shall giue for his said Company of 
Players to Act stage playes in the Theater belonging to W™ Beeston in 
Salisbury Court and not elsewhere with such priveledges & the vse of 
such Roomes to dress themselues and reherse in as formerly were allowed 
St W™ Davenants Players I thus Declare the said George Jolley shall pay 
vnto y® said W™ Beeston for y® vse of his Theater in Salisbury Court 
for stage playes once aday with y® vse of such roomes & priveledges as 
were formerly graunted to S* William Davenants men the sume of thirty 
shillings Currant money every day there shalbe stage acting in any Theater 
in or about y® Cyty of London And if at any tyme the said George Jolley 
shall fayle in paymt of y® said Thyrty shillings any Day where on there 
shalbe stage playes p'sented in any Theater in or about London that then 
it shalbe Lawfull for y® said Will Beeston to take his Course at Law agt 
the said George Jolley Given Vnd' my hand this, 26° day of Novemb* 
166j in y® 13*” yeare of his Mat!¢s Reigne.” 

3 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1663-4, p. I. 

Idi p. 27: ldap. SIA. 

6 Td. p. 214. This provided a licence for the erection of a third play- 
house, on the understanding that a theatre temporarily licensed to Jolly 
and under the care of Killigrew, should be closed. It is immediately 
after this date that we find an order for Beeston’s arrest: ‘“A Warrant 
to apprehend Beeston for acting stage playes without leaue— 
Aug: 29” 1663.” This was followed by a warrant for the arrest of “all 


278 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


been efficacious, for as late as March, 1667, his warrant was 
definitely demanded back!. In April of that year he was ordered 
to be arrested?, but for a year later he was still in the field®. The 
same seems to have been the case with Rhodes. On Oct. 17, 1663, 
a warrant was issued to him for a play he had acted at Court on 
Nov. 1, 16624, so that he had been playing up to at least the end 
of that year. He, too, was given a licence for performing in the 
provinces®. Itis highly probable that while in London he was acting 
at the Red Bull, just as Jolly was evidently utilising Salisbury Court®. 
Pepys witnessed Al/’s Lost by Lust there on Saturday, Mar. 23, 
1660/1: The Poor Man’s Comfort was given at that house on Tues- 
day, May 28, 16617; and Dr Faustus on Monday, May 26, 16628. 


persons acting playes without Authority” (dated August 30, both in 
L.C. 5/185). The ensuing year saw another ‘‘ Warrt to app W™ Beeston 
or any other acting Stage playes by his authority Sept 7* 1664’ (document 
in L.C. 5/186). 

1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1666~7, p. 602. On April 24, 1667, 
a more formal revocation was ordered (id. 1667, p. 51). 

2 L.C. 5/186. “‘ Whereas George Jolliffe p"'sumeth to Act Playes by an 
old Warrt granted by his Mate which his Mat? hath since recalled & made 
voyd & that he hath noe new Lycence These are therefore to require you 
to Appthend the said George Jolliffe & bring him before me to answere 
y® said Offense And All Mayors &c Dated Aprill 8*4 1667 To Jo: Bradley.” 

3 L.C. 5/186. “A Warrt to App George Jolliffe John Russell Paul 
Ryemes & Peter Green for acting playes Erecting Stages & publishing 
dumb shewes with out leaue from St H Herbert Master of his Ma‘e* Revells. 
Dated January 20th 1667” (i.e. 1668). The other players mentioned here 
must have been members of Jolly’s strolling company: they are otherwise 
unknown. 

4 L.C. 5/138, p. 91. It is addressed “‘to the Trer of ye Chambt* to pay 


or cause to be pd vnto John Rhodes the sume of Twenty pounds for 
acting of the play called Ignoramus or the Accademicall Lawyer at Court 
before his Ma the first of Novemb* 1662.” 

5 Cal. State Papers, 1663-4, p. 462; and L.C. 5/138, p. 387. The latter 
is dated Jan. 2, 1663: “‘ Whereas his Mati¢ hath appoynted & Authorized 
John Rhodes his Ma*®s sworne Servant together with his Company from 
tyme to tyme to practize & exercise y® Quality of playinge of Comedyes 
Historyes Tragedyes Enterludes Morralls Pastoralls Stage Playes Maskes 
& Showes within his Mates’ Kingdome of England & dominions of Wales 
y® Cytyes of London & Westm! excepted These are to signifie vnto yo® 
his Mates Pleasure that yo" forth with p™pare a Bill fitt for his Mates 
Royall Signature to Lycence & Authorize the said John Rhodes with his 
Company in any Convenient place wthin the kingdome...to practise y® 
Art & Quality of playinge...within any Towne Halls Motehalls Guldhalls 
Schoolehowses or other convenient places,”’ all local bye-laws notwith- 
standing. 

6 See Lawrence, W. J., on A Forgotten Restoration Playhouse in 
Englische Studien, vol. Xxxv. 1905. 

? See Jordan, A Royal Arbor of Loyal Poesie. 

8 Pepys. 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 279 


It is probable that Jolly’s company and Rhodes’ company were 
created into the Duke of Monmouth’s players and the Duchess 
of Portsmouth’s players respectively. The latter troupe is referred 
to in a prologue and epilogue written for The Indian Emperour 
by Duffett, as “‘ Acted by the Duchess of Portsmouth’s Servants!,” 
and of the former there is a licence extant. This licence is made 
out to Edward Bedford, who, as appears from the L.C. papers, 
was associated with Jolly in money matters®, It is highly probable 
that Bedford numbered among his men John Perin, who by the 
beginning of the year 1674 was playing Cieco in The Amorous 
Old Woman’. Of one other touring company have we cognisance, 
that of the Duke of Ormond, which was at Oxford on Aug. 1, 
1677°. 

What precisely was the personnel of these wandering troupes, 
apart from the indications, now for the first time given, which 
are presented above, is not at present ascertainable, although 
possibly documents may yet be found which will give us with 
tolerable accuracy their members. Beeston and some of his men, 
on the break-up of their company, seem to have joined the T.R. 
Downes mentions Beeston, Charleton, Goodman, Griffin, Lyddol 
and Sherley as coming into that theatre about 1664; probably 
he would have been more correct had he given a date nearer 1666. 
It may be mentioned, before leaving this rather difficult question, 
that Pepys saw ’Tis Pity at Salisbury Court, evidently given by 
Jolly’s company, on Monday, Sept. 9, 1661, and that he also men- 
tions a performance at the Blackfriars®. Asummary of the situation, 
therefore, gives us three theatres from the early part of 1660 to 

1 Duffett’s New Songs (1676), p. 96. 

2 The licence is in L.C. 5/12, p. 185. “‘ Whereas his Mat¢ hath ap- 
poynted & authorized Edward Bedford his Mates sworne servant together 
with his Grace the Duke of Monmouths Company from tyme to tyme to 
practize & Exercise the Quality of playing of Comedies...within his 
Mats Kingdome of England & Dominion of Wales (the Citty of London 
& Westm? Excepted) These are to signifie vnto you his Ma‘®s pleasure 
that you forthwith p'pare a bill fitt for his Ma‘** Royall Signature to 
Lycence & Authorize the said Edward Bedford with his Grace the Duke 
of Monmouths said Company.” This document is dated Nov. 25, 1669. 

3 Edward Bedford sued against John Perin for a debt of £6 on April 22, 
1671 (L.C. 5/188). Sir Henry Herbert had a case against Perin, Jacob 
Hall and Robert Turner in May, 1669 (L.C. 5/187). 

4 Hist. MSS. Comm. xu. 139, cp. Lawrence, Elizabethan Playhouse, 
Series ii. 

5 There was another company in existence later. In L.C. 5/188 
appears “A Warr! to App Robert Parker & Samuell Tanton for acting 
Interludes & Stage playes without Lycence from y® Master of his Mates 
Reuells And &c. Dated Feb: 254 1670.” This, of course, might be 
identified with one of the touring companies mentioned above. 


280 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


the time of the granting of the patents, four or five up to the close 
of 1661, three or four until the end of 1662, and thereafter, if we 
except the nurseries, of which more hereafter, only the two patent 
houses. 

All these companies, as we have seen, acted at court, and ap- 
parently also gave royal performances at their own theatres. On 
Feb. 29, 1661 (? 1662) a warrant was issued to pay Bird, Hart, 
Mohun and Clun £160 (at the rate of {10 a play) for performances 
at Vere-street, and £700 (at the rate of {20 play) for performances 
at the Cockpit, Whitehall, between Nov. 19, 1660 and Feb. 6, 
1661/?2. On April 14, 1662, this grant was transferred to Killi- 
grew. The claim was no doubt settled. On April 4, 1663, Killigrew 
was similarly granted £540 for plays at court and £270 for plays 
at Vere-street, and on Jan. 24, 1664/5, £253 for performances at 
court and at the T.R. These two grants were evidently not paid 
as on Feb. 7, 1664/5 another was issued to pay Killigrew £813 
for plays acted between Mar. 31, 1662 and Dec. 29, 1664. This 
remained outstanding, for a grant of Nov. 24, 1666 ordered a 
payment of {1050 for plays between Mar. 31, 1662 and Nov. 20, 
16661. Killigrew apparently kept clamouring for his money: a 
peremptory order was sent through from the Lord Chamberlain’s 
office: but the payment was deferred until 1670. D’Avenant 
similarly received payment for his court performances. A grant 
of £270 was ordered to him on April 16, 1662, one of £300 on 
Feb. 9, 1663, and one of £150 on June 5, 1665. In 1670 the Duke’s 
players were paid {500 for, among other things, a journey to 
Dover. Later grants I have fully quoted in Appendix B, because 
of the interesting lists appended to them. 

Besides these theatres already mentioned, the Cockpit in 
Drury Lane, the Red Bull, Salisbury Court, Vere-street, L.I.F., 
and the Royal Cockpit there were, as I have indicated above, 
nurseries for the training of actors. The first reference we have 
to one of these is in a licence granted to the patentees in common 
on July 23, 1663?. In March the following year this was given 
over to one William Legg to be exercised under their joint 
supervision®, Where exactly this was situated is uncertain. There 
certainly appears to have been one nursery in Golden Lane, 


1 All the references save the last appear in the L.C. books: as lists of 
plays acted are not appended, I have not given details as to book and 
page. For the last see Cal. State Papers, Treas. Books, 1669-72, 
p. 697. 

* Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1663-4, p. 214. 
3 Id. p. 539. 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 281 


Barbican!, and another, built by Captain Bedford, leader of the 
Duke of Monmouth’s company, and no doubt managed by Killi- 
grew, in Hatton Gardens*. In 1664, Killigrew seems to have 
intended erecting one in Moorfields, but was defeated in his 
purpose*. It is possible, also, that the old theatre in Vere-street 
and the L.I.F. when deserted by the Duke’s and the King’s 
players may likewise have been used as training houses. 

For a consideration of the drama of the period, however, it is 
the two patent theatres that must occupy most attention. From 
November, 1660, Killigrew went on playing at Vere-street, with- 
out scenery, but with a few actresses, some of whose names have 
been preserved. Downes mentions six of those originally with the 
King’s players—Mrs Corey, Mrs Eastland, Mrs Hughes, 
Mrs Kneppe, Mrs Anne Marshall, Mrs Uphill, and Mrs Weaver, 
and adds that these were later added to by Mrs Boutell, Mrs Nell 
Gwyn, Mrs James, Mrs Rebecca Marshall, Mrs Knight, Mrs Rutter 
and Mrs Verjuice. Killigrew seems to have had complete power 
of this troupe, judging by a document in the Public Record Office, 
and from a report of the Lord Chamberlain, probably made about 
December, 1664°: but his actors, as we have seen, joined with 
him on a sharing basis, and in time came to make demands which 
they never would have dared to do in the early years of the period. 
‘Two interesting documents of the earlier period are still extant; 
the lease of ground on which was built the T.R. in B.St., and 
an agreement of the King’s comedians regarding shares and 
profits*. The first is dated Dec. 20, 1661, and the lessees’ names 
are given as Sir Robert Howard, Killigrew, Hart, Bird, Mohun, 
Burt, Lacy, Robert Shatterall, Clun, Cartwright, Wintershall, 
William Hewytt and Robert Clayton. By this agreement, all of 


1 See Dryden, MacFlecknoe, 1. 65-79: 
An ancient fabrick raised t’inform the sight, 
There stood of yore, and Barbican it hight}... 
Near these a Nursery erects its head, 
Where Queens are formed, and future Hero’s bred; 
Where unfledged Actors learn to laugh and cry, 
Where infant Punks their tender voices try, 
And little Maximins the Gods defy. 


Langbaine saw The Revenge for Honour of Chapman acted at this Barbican 
nursery (p. 64). Pepys was at a nursery, probably this one, on Jan. 7, 
1667/8, and on Feb. 24, 1667/8. 

2 See Tobyas, Thomas, The Life of the Famous Comedian, Fo. Hayns 
(1701), p. 5. 

3 Pepys, Aug. 2, 1664 and Feb. 12, 1666/7. 

4 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1663/4, p. 121. 

5 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1664/5, p. 146. 

© Both are given in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 81-2. 


282 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


the above-mentioned save Hewitt and Clayton covenanted to 
build by Christmas, 1662, a theatre to cost £1500. The ground 
measurements are given there as 112 feet in length, and some 58 feet 
in breadth. The rent settled was £50. A month later, on Jan. 28, 
1661/2, an arrangement was come to whereby Hewitt and Clayton 
held the ground in trust for the actors and the managers. The 
whole was divided into thirty-six parts, nine each going to Howard. 
and Killigrew, two each to Hart, Mohun, Shatterall, Clun, Cart- 
wright, Wintershall, and four to Lacy, on the understanding that 
if any of these “‘should not pay his or theire respective proporcon 
of the sd rents reserved vpon the sd rented lease, then the share 
of him or them makeing such fayler should be forfeited?.” 
Meanwhile, D’Avenant had prepared his “‘newe house with 
scenes” and had engaged the services of other actresses, including 
Mrs Davenport, Mrs Davies, Mrs Anne Gibbs, later the wife of 
Shadwell, Mrs Jennings, Mrs Long, Mrs Saunderson, later the 
wife of Betterton, Mrs Holden, and Mrs Norris. D’Avenant’s 
company, sometime before 1670, had added to it a number of 
actors who do not largely appear in the theatrical records of the 
day. One of these was Thomas Creek?, others Jeremiah Lisle?, 
Adams and Allenson*. The Killigrew company probably about 


1 Apparently trouble soon arose between the two parties as a ““Sumons 
for y° Comoedians”’ was issued by the Lord Chamberlain on Mar. 16, 
1664/5 (L.C. 5/186): “‘These are to require you to giue notice vnto his 
Mates Comoedians Nicholas Burt [Charles Hart, deleted] Michaell 
Mohun Robert Shatterell John Lacy William Wintersell Walter Clun 
William Cartwright Edward Shatterell Edward Kinnaston Richard 
Baxter Thomas Loueday Thomas Bateston Marmaduke Watson Thomas 
Hancock Nicholas Blagden & Thomas Gradewell That I doe hereby 
Comand them to attend mee at my Lodgings at Whitehall vpon Saterday 
Morning the Eighteenth day of this Instant March And that they bring 
with them the Articles that were made betweene [them, deleted] Thomas 
Killegrew Esq? and them And &c. Given vnd™ my hand and Seale this 
16: day of March 1664.” 

2 He is mentioned in a document in L.C. 5/187: ‘‘ Whereas John Carter 
and Alexander Younger Bayliffe haue arrested or caused to bee arrested 
Thomas Creek one of His Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorkes Servants 
without leaue...’’ (Dec. 20, 1669). 

3 L.C. 5/188: ‘‘Whereas Jeremiah Lisle One of his Royall Highnesse 
y® Duke of Yorks Comoedians hath absented him selfe from his duty & 
otherwise Misbehaued him selfe And whereas Complaynt hath beene 
made vnto mee against him for these Misdemeanors These are to require 
you to Apprehend and take into Custody the body of the said Jeremiah 
Lisle And bring him before mee to answere vnto such things as shalbe 
Objected agt him And all &c. Dated Apprill 26: 1670. To Ralph Carter. 

4 L.C. 5/188. “A Warrt to App Adams & Allenson for absenting 
themselfes from ye Dukes house Theatre To Rich Carter” (c. Aug. 12, 
1670). Adams played Draxanes in The Women’s Conquest in 1671 and 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 283 


this time became regularly known as the King’s company, and 
the D’Avenant actors as the Duke of York’s servants. 

At first, apparently, opinion was divided as to the merits of the 
two companies, Betterton drawing many spectators to Salisbury 
Court and the more finished performance of the older actors 
making the general atmosphere of the Vere-street productions 
infinitely better than that of their rivals. All doubt, however, 
seems to have been set at rest when D’Avenant, probably on 
Friday, June 28, 1661, opened his “opera” at L.I.F., the first 
Duke’s Theatre?. Here his company continued until the year 
1671 saw the erection of a second Duke’s Theatre in Dorset- 
garden. By July, 1661, if we may judge by the lists of actors 
given in the L.C. warrants for liveries, Watson came into the 
T.R. company’, by Nov. 4, 1662, Bird, Blagden, Hancock and 
one Tanner*. About the same time an actor Gradwell was in 
the T.R. company®. From that date, until 1665, the personnel 
of the troupe evidently remained the same®. On Feb. 8, 1667, 
however, we find a list?, obviously copied from the earlier war- 
rants, wherein Bird, Clun, Blagden, Baxter and Edward Shatterail 
are scored out, while one “ Batiman” (z.e. Bateman) is included. 
The actresses of the Royal company seem to have come into the 
privilege of receiving a “livery” not until 1666. On June 30 of 
that year a warrant was issued to Mrs Weaver, Mrs Marshall, 
Mrs Rutter, Mrs Yates, Mrs Kneppe, Mrs Dalton, Mrs Gwyn, 
Mrs Hall, Mrs Frances Davenport and Mrs Anne Child, autho- 
rising them to receive “‘foure yards of bastard scarlet cloath 
and one quarter of a yard of veluett for their liueryes®.’”’ On Feb. 8, 
1667 (probably 1667/8) Mrs Weaver, Mrs Yates, Mrs Dalton, 


the Second Witch in the epilogue to the burlesque Empress of Morocco 
in 1674. 

1 The exact date is uncertain, but is at any rate roughly determined 
by a note in Pepys’ Diary. 

2 Tt was opened in November, 1671. 

* L.C. 5/137, p- 31. y ; 

4 L.C. 5/137, p. 173. Blagden had probably been associated with 
Bedford’s company, as on Oct. 15, 1663, the latter was petitioning against 
him to the Lord Chamberlain (L.C. 5/185). 

5 L.C.5/138, p. 10. He appears also in the order given above, p. 282. 

8 L..C. 5/138, p.65. The list there, dated Feb. 25, 1665, includes Hart, 
Mohun, Lacy, Bird, Burt, Robert Shatterell, Clunn, Wintersell, Cart- 
wright, Kinnaston, Blagden, Watson, Hancock, Baxter, Edward Shattereli 
and Gradwell. This list is faulty in one respect: Clun had been murdered 
on Aug. 2, 1664; the inclusion of his name was no doubt a clerical error. 

7 L.C. 5/138, p.271. And the list given above, p. 282, and dated Mar. 16, 
1664/5 still gives Clun and includes Bateston and Loveday. 

Sib. 5/198, pega 


284 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


Mrs Hall and Mrs Anne Child are cancelled and Mrs Eliza- 
beth Davenport and Mrs Jane Davenport are added!. So the 
companies seem to have continued, with minor changes, for some 
time. While dealing with the actors and actresses a note may be 
given concerning a frequent source of trouble and abuse. These 
players were all, on entering either of the houses, regarded as 
royal servants, with the privilege of being immune from arrest 
unless by warrant of the Lord Chamberlain. As a result the books 
of this hard-worked and harassed official are literally full of 
petitions and complaints from the numerous persons who were 
owed money by the spendthrift “‘Comoedians.” Many probably 
took up this profession for ulterior motives, as is hinted in a 
complaint of one Henry Dobson against Mrs Weaver?. Whether 
this be the case or not, the actors certainly seem to have been 
born borrowers. Henry Harris? and Joseph Haynes* were easily 
the worst offenders, but others, including Lacy®, Blagden®, 


TAC, RIX, too Cyt 

2 «To the Right Honroble &c The humble petition of Henry Dobson 
Humbly sheweth that one Eliz. Farley hath [by, deleted] gone by the 
name of Eliz: Weauer wife to a Gent of Grayes Inne to defraud her 
Creditors and now being discouered that she is none of his Wife although 
she hath had a child by him and haueing noe other shift for the defrauding 
of her said Creditors but meerely being sworne one of his Ma®* servants 
she oweing yo? pet! the summe of 25! 118 064 whereof she hath paid 14! 
soe there. remaines due 11! 11% 06% which hath beene thirty tymes de- 
manded and bids defyance to yo" pet’ yo" pet most humble request is 
that your Hono! wilbe pleased to grant leaue to yo' pet’ to take his course 
at Law agt her And yo! pet? shall euer pray &c.”’ (c. Sept. 30, 1662; in 
L.C. 5/184). Mrs Weaver was ordered on June 13, 1663, to appear on 
account of a petition of Robert Kerby, and on May 24, 1665, Mrs Anne 
Hame was permitted to go to law against her (L.C. 5/185 and 186). 

* Harris was ordered to be arrested on June 29, 1663 (L.C. 5/185); 
‘Thomas Halfpenny was permitted to go to law against him on Nov. 30, 
1667, Robert Bird on Jan. 8, 1667/8, Richard Snow on Feb. 27, 1667/8, 
Sir Henry Herbert on Mar. 21, 1667/8, Levett on Mar. 27, 1668, Mary 
Inglesby on Dec. 15, 1668, William Keene on Jan. 9, 1668/9. Harris also 
was being constantly sued by his wife for maintenance: she petitioned on 
Jan. 25, 1675/6, and again on Nov. 2, 1677. He was sued for £8 lent to 
his wife on May 19, 1677 (L.C. 5/185—190). 

* Haynes was petitioned against by Thomas Jennings on Feb. 1, 
1667/8, by Martin Powell on Jan. 9, 1668/9, by William Matthews on 
the same day, by John Tummins on Sept. 3, 1674, by Tinder on Jan. 26, 
1674/5, by Hannah Barton, widow in Gutter lane, Cheapside “‘for dyet 
& Lodging & part engaged for him which she is likely to pay” on Feb. 10, 
1674/5. Haynes was arrested on Mar. 30, 1675, possibly because of this. 
The list of petitions could be almost indefinitely extended. 

> A petition of Edward Man against Lacy appears on Mar. 1, 1660/1; at 
the desire of one Serle Lacy was arrested on or before Nov. 28 of that year. 

° Blagden appears as defendant against Bedford on Oct. 15, 1663 ; against 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES _ 285 


Loveday", Clun?, Shatterell®, Coysh, Martin Powell‘, Wintersell®, 
Kent*, Underhill’, Goodman* and Sheppey® shared in their 
delinquencies. 


D’Avenant’s patent was ratified on Jan. 15, 1662!°: on Aug. 14 


Anthony Wood in 1662; against Sir William Clarke on Mar. 26, 1663/4; 
against Letchfield on July 8, 1664, and against Robert Toplady on Sept. 17 
of that year. 

* Loveday is associated with Blagden in the last-mentioned petition. 
Matthew Harris sought for payment from him of a ten guinea debt on 
July 20, 1663, and there was a petition against him on April 16, 1664. 

* On Sept. 14, 1663, Mary Meggs petitioned against Clun. This Mary 
Meggs, mentioned in an entry given in Appendix B, was fruit woman at 
the theatre. There was issued “A Warr to App Mary Meggs for abuseing 
Mrs Rebecea Marshall one of his Mat®s Comoedians to ye disturbance of 
his Ma‘®s Actors and Comitting other Misdemeanours”’ on Nov. 5, 1669 
(L.C. 5/187). Clun, of course, was associated with the other comedians 
in petitions addressed to the actors in general. Thus we find ‘“‘ The humble 
petition of Edward Dicket and his wife late 
Wright agt Walter Clunn and the other Comoedians March first 1663”’ 
(i.e. 1664; L.C. 5/185). 

% Shatterell was petitioned against by William Phillipps on Sept. 17, 
1664; by George Hewett on May 21, 1666; by Bartholomew Barker on 
Oct. 16, 1667; by Thomas Tunman on Mar. 21, 1670/1; by Jean 
Assevedo on Feb. 3, 1674/5; and by Cecily Smith, widow, on Feb. 15, 
1676/7. 

* Both Coysh and Powell were petitioned against by Thomas Burry 
on March 16, 1675/6. 

5 Edward Gavile claimed £34 for goods from him on May 23, 1677. 

® Kent was associated with the last-mentioned claim against Shatterell. 

* Anne Allen agreed to receive yearly instalments from Underhill on 
Jan. 17, 1683/4. 

8 Alice Price ‘‘widdow...for lodginge & mony lent in Greate Russell 
Streete in Bloomesbury,” petitioned against Goodman on Dec. 15, 1677. 

® Sheppey’s case is given infra, p. 294. 

10 The patent is given in full in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1.73. It recites the 
patent granted to D’Avenant by Charles I, mentions the grant made by 
Charles II in 1660, notes that D’Avenant has surrendered the former 
patents, grants him full liberty to erect one theatre in London, authorises 
him to style his company by the title ‘‘the servants of our dearly-beloved 
brother, James, Duke of York,”’ determines “that the said company shall 
be under the sole government and authority of the said Sir William 
Davenant...and all scandalous and mutinous persons shall from time to 
time be ejected, and disabled from playing in the said theatre.’ The 
patent then refers to the fact that certain unauthorised companies are 
playing in London, reiterates the fact that none shall be fully licensed save 
those of D’Avenant and Killigrew, and makes certain other arrangements: 
“‘to preserve amity and correspondence betwixt the said companies (of 
Killigrew and D’Avenant) and that the one maynotencroach upon theother 
by any indirect means, we will and ordain that no actor or other person 
employed about either of the said theatres ejected by the said Sir W. 
Davenant and Thomas Killigrew, or either of them, or deserting his 
company, shall be received by the governor or any of the said other 


286 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES z 


a warrant had been issued to him for a licence on surrendering of 
his former patent! and in November the grant was officially 
ordered?. Killigrew’s patent had been similarly ratified on April 25°. 
It follows the lines of the D’Avenant grant. A few months later, 
on May 7, 16634, Killigrew, by virtue of his new warrant, opened 
his new T.R. in Bridges-street, where for the first time he made 
use of scenery®. Here he remained until the burning of the 
Bridges-street theatre on Jan. 25, 16728. The abandoned Vere- 
street house was evidently used after this date by fencers and such 
like performers’, and possibly occasionally as a nursery. 

In 1665 the plague was raging, and accordingly, on June 5 of 
that year the King ordered a complete cessation of dramatic 
performances’. The playhouses remained shut for some con- 


company, or any other person or persons to be employed in acting, or in 
any matter relating to the stage, without the consent and approbation of 
the governorof the company, whereof the said person so ejected or deserting 
was a member, signified under his hand and seal. And we do by these 
presents declare all other company and companies saving the companies 
above mentioned, to be silenced and suppressed. And forasmuch as many 
plays formerly acted do contain several prophane, obscene, and scurrilous 
passages, and the women parts therein have been acted by men in the 
habits of women, at which some have taken offence; for the preventing 
of these abuses for the future we do strictly charge, command, and enjoin 
that from henceforth no new play shall be acted by either of the said 
companies containing any passages offensive to piety and good manners, 
nor any old or revived play containing any such offensive passages as 
aforesaid, until the same shall be corrected and purged by the said masters 
or governors of the said respective companies from all such offensive and 
scandalous passages as aforesaid. And we do likewise permit and give 
leave that all the women’s parts to be acted in either of the said two 
companies from this time to come may be performed by women, so long 
as these recreations, which by reason of the abuses aforesaid were 
scandalous and offensive, may by such reformation be esteemed not only 
harmless delights, but useful and instructive representations of human 
life, by such of our good subjects as shall resort to see the same.” 

1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1661/2, p. 460. 

2 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1661/2, p. 577. 

3 It is presented in full in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 77. 

* Downes, p. 3, gives April 8 as the day of opening, but Pepys twice 
asserts May 7. There is a play-bill extant purporting to substantiate 
Downes’ assertion, but it is more than probably a forgery (see Lowe, Life 
of Betterton, pp. 100-1). 

® Wright, Historia Histrionica, p. 10. 

8 The fire is mentioned in a contemporary ballad, and also in a letter 
of Jan. 27, 1671/2 (see Hist. MSS. Comm. Report, . p. 22). The fire 
caused great damage in Russell-street and one actor, Bell, lost his life 
in the conflagration. 7 Pepys, Monday, June 1, 1663. 

8 L.C. 5/138, p. 417. “‘ Whereas it is thought Dangerous that soe greate 
resort of People should be permitted at yo™ Theatre in this tyme of 
Infection of the Plague These are therefore to require you that you for- 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 287 


siderable time, and the managers probably utilised their enforced 
leisure in improving their theatres. Pepys, on Mar. 19, 1665/6, 
went to the T.R. and noticed it all dirt owing to the widening of 
the stage. He thought that God alone knew “when they will 
begin to act again.” By the end of that year they were in full 
swing once more. It would appear that the first performances 
were in the nature of charity shows and that these were stopped!. 
At court, however, they must have been fully licensed. Evelyn 
saw a performance of Mustapha at the Royal Cockpit on Oct. 18, 
16662, and Pepys was told by Mrs Kneppe that both houses would 
begin again on Monday, Oct. 29. On the 2gth, however, Pepys was 
forced to go to the Court theatre. On Friday, Dec. 7 he went to the 
T.R. to see The Maid’s Tragedy and noted that the companies 
had been playing for about a fortnight. The audiences, he ob- 
served, were considerably attenuated*, and the managers as a 
consequence were forced to seek for novelties to draw the 
spectators. From this time onward troubles, trivial and great, 
seem to have attended the playhouses, and particularly that of 
the King. In 1667 a stir seems to have been caused by some rather 
outspoken references in plays. The Change of Crownes was 
silenced on Tuesday, April 16, and Lacy was put in prison*. On 
Saturday, July 20, 1667, both the theatres had given over acting for 
four or five weeks. Shortly after their reopening we read of another 
arrest, this time of Pepys’ friend, Mrs Knepp®. Other complica- 
tions seem to have disturbed the equanimity of the T.R. house 
in especial. Anne Quynn, who had entered the theatre probably 
only a short time before this date, had evidently quarrelled with 
beare Acting any more Playes vntill you shall receive further Order 
from mee.” 

1 Cal. State Papers, Dom. Series, 1666/7, pp. 232 and 299. 

2 In connection with the performance seen by Evelyn and the slightly 
differing lists given in the L.C. books, see The Times Literary Supplement 
for Sept. 14, 1922. 

3 Pepys, Tuesday, Feb. 12, 1666/7. 

4 Pepys, Saturday, April 20, 1667. Pepys tells us that on his release 
Lacy abused Howard and the warrant for his re-arrest is extant: “‘ Whereas 
John Lacyhath both in abusiue words and actions abused the Honoble James 
Howard Esq! These are to require you to take into Custody the said John 
Lacy and him safely [keepe deleted] to deliuer into the Custody of the 
[Marshall of the Marshalsey deleted] Knight Marshall or the Deputy... 
Aprill 20 1667.”” The order for Lacy to be brought before the Lord 
Chamberlain is dated April 25 so that the letter in the Hist. MSS. Comm. 
which states he was freed on the 23rd cannot be correct (Documents in 
L.C. 5/186). 

5 « A Warrt to App M's Nepp One of his Ma‘®s’ Comoedians & to de- 
liver her to his Ma‘e* Knt Marshall Dated ffeb: 12: 1667” (z.e. 1668: in 
L.C. 5/186). She was arrested again on April 23, 1668. 


288 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


the management because some other actress had taken her parts. 
She left the house, petitioned the Lord Chamberlain, and an 
order was issued to Hart that he should immediately reinstate 
her!. Lord Buckhurst, Pepys heard on Saturday, July 13, 1667, had 
got Nell Gwyn away from the T.R. company so that she had 
given in all her parts; on Monday, Aug. 26, he was informed that 
she had been cast off by that gay nobleman and that Hart, her 
former admirer, now hated her. From an order dated Dec. 14, 
it is clear that Mohun for some time had been off acting?. 

The following year is a noticeable one, for in it D’Avenant 
died, leaving his theatrical rights to his widow, Lady D’Avenant, 
and to his son, Dr Charles D’Avenant. The Duke’s playhouse 
after this seems to have gone on as before, although the loss of its 
founder was to end in difficulties not many years later. Love, 
to use Downes’ quaint phrase, still “‘erept”’ many actresses from 
the stage, Moll Davis being taken by the King?, and the eldest 
Davenport going into the keeping of some lord*. A few minor 
changes occurred in the personnel of the companies, but informa- 
tion regarding details is mostly lacking until the later seventies of 
the century. For some reason the two companies had stopped 
acting in October, 16695, and in April, 1671, the houses were 
shut because of the death of the Duchess of York®. In May, 1670, 
a summer diversion took place for the Duke’s players in the shape 


1 The order appears in L.C. 5/138, p. 376. It bids the actress to be 
taken on again, and commands that she be given all her old parts, none 
daring to act these without her express consent, and closes by ordering 
“yt you Assigne her a dressing roome with a chymney in it to be only for 
her vse & whom she shall admitt.”’ It is dated May 4, 1667. 

2 L.C. 5/138, p. 411. “If M* Mohun hath receiued any money for 
the tyme that he was absent from playeing that you deteyne soe much in 
your hands out of the next share he is to haue.” 

3 Pepys, Saturday, Jan.11,1667/8. * Pepys, Tuesday, April 7, 1668. 

5 All we know of this is an order in L.C. 5/12, p. 251, declaring that 
the Duke’s comedians and the servants of the King be allowed “to Act 
& play againe vpon Munday next & soe to continue Acting.” It is dated 
Oct. 16, 1669. 

8 L.C. 5/12, p. 302. Order dated April 1, 1671. Between these dates 
trouble seems to have been brewing. An order appears in L.C. 5/187: 
“Whereas Complaynt hath beene made vnto mee That Samuell Sandford 
And Mathew Medborne two of his Royal Highnesse Comoedians haue 
beene refractory & disorderly....These are therefore to require you to 
Apprehend & take into yo" Custody the bodyes of the said Samuell 
Sandford & Mathew Medburne &c Dated December 9: 1669.” Lisle, 
Adams and Allenson, as we have seen, were also arrested on April 26, 
1670 and on Aug. 12, 1670. Mrs Norton of the King’s house was 
arrested on Dec. 5 (L.C. 5/188): “‘A Warrt to App and take into Custody 
the body of M's Norton late one of his Mates Comoedians & to bring her 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 2809 


of a journey to Dover, there to perform some of their pieces?. 
This company was now making full preparations for moving into 
their new theatre in Dorset-garden, and this, as I have already 
noted, was occupied on Thursday, Nov. 9, 16712. Money, for them, 
as for their rivals, must have been scarce, and it is averred in a 
document preserved among the L.C. papers that Betterton was 
sufficiently self-seeking to advance funds for the building of the 
playhouse at 20 per cent. From a statement in a petition of 
Charles D’Avenant, Charles Killigrew and Christopher Rich in 
1709, it seems that the cost of this theatre was upwards of £5000. 
The Lord Mayor, apparently, petitioned against its erection, but 
says Baxter in his Reliquiae Baxterianae, “‘he obtained not his 
desire*.” The fact is interesting as showing the anti-theatrical 
tendencies in the city beginning once more to reassert themselves. 
Two months after the opening of this theatre, the T.R. in B.St., 
as we have seen, was burnt down. For fully a month Killigrew’s 
company must have ceased acting, but on Monday, Feb. 26, 1671/2, 
they started again at the old disused L.I.F. playhouse with Wit 
without Money, a title, without doubt, which expressed their own 
condition®, Here they continued playing until midsummer, 1673, 
as is made plain by a L.C. warrant of June 7 of that year®. As 
Pordage’s Herod and Mariamne appeared on this stage on Tues- 
day, Oct. 28, 1673, we may presume that the old Duke’s theatre was 
required by Betterton for use as a nursery. The King’s company 
must assuredly have been in a bad way. In order to raise money 
for a new theatre it was found necessary to mortgage the ground, 
which was done for £23007. On Mar. 20, 1673, money was 
required for a “‘scene-house” and the company of actors was 
forced to borrow £160 from one of its number, Nicholas Burt’, 


before mee to answere vnto such things as shalbe then & there objected 
agt her And &c Dated Decemb™ 5'* 1670 To Jo: Blundell.”’ Cardell 
Goodman was similarly arrested on April 4, 1678 ‘‘ for Certaine abuses & 
' misdemeanors by him Comitted.” 

1 Hist. MSS. Comm. They received £500 for this (Cal. State Papers, 
Treas. Books, 1669-72, p. 495)- 

2 Downes, p. 31. 3 See Appendix B. 

4 1696, pt. ili. p. 89. 

® Dryden wrote the prologue spoken on the first night (Poetical Works, 
ed. Sargeaunt, p. 216). Other prologues spoken there are given, id. 
pp. 216-8. 

® L.C. 5/140, p. 263. “‘It is his Ma*s pleasure that there shall not bee 
acted any playes at the Theatre in Lincolnes Inne fieilds after Midsummer 
day next ensueing vntill further order.” This is addressed to Killigrew. 

7 See B.M. MSS. Ad. 20; quoted in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 138. 

8 The agreement is printed in Fitzgerald, op. cit.1.139. The contracting 
parties are given as Killigrew, Robert Lewright, Dryden, Hart, Mohun, 


NRD 19 


290 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


Several months later, on Dec. 17, 1673, the above-mentioned 
governors and actors came to a settlement with the builders of 
the new Drury Lane theatre, whereby they promised to repay 
the £2400 cost of that structure by a payment of £3. Ios. every 
acting day until the whole should be paid up’. It will thus be 
realised that in 1674, when the new theatre opened, the company 
was very heavily burdened. Possibly that burden was made still 
heavier by certain impositions. On Mar. 6, 1671/2, for example, 
the Lord Chamberlain issued an order to Killigrew, bidding that 
Mohun, Hart and Kynaston should be furnished with certain 
articles of clothing at the cost of the company”. 

This new theatre in Drury Lane and the recently-built house 
in Dorset Garden were to remain, until the end of the century, 
the two chief playhouses in London. We know something of the 
appearance of both, the engravings to Settle’s The Empress of 
Morocco presenting to us the outside and the stage of Dorset 
Garden, and the Wren design preserved in All Souls, Oxford, 
evidently presenting a plan of the Drury Lane house. The Ariane 
frontispiece purporting to give a picture of the T.R. stage is 
possibly a trifle imaginative. 

Trouble in the theatres seems to have begun shortly after their 
opening. A very peremptory order against any actor or actress 
leaving either company without due notice was issued by the 
Lord Chamberlain on May 16, 1674. Early the following year 
Killigrew was complaining that his actors were appropriating to 
themselves monies due to him4, and the difference between the 
players and the master, after being adjudicated by the Lord 
Chamberlain, was finally settled in an agreement undated but 


Lacy, Wintershall, Cartwright, Shatterall, and Kynaston as representing 
the management of the theatre, and Burt. By this agreement the actors 
and the governors of the theatre promised to pay off the obligation, in the 
event of Burt dying or falling sick, by a payment of £1. 3s. 4d. for every 
play acted. 

1 See the document in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 138. 

2 See Appendix B. 3 Given in Appendix B. 

* This is also twice entered: L.C. 5/141, p. 100 and 7/1, p. 4: 
“Whereas Complaint is made unto mee by M' Thomas Killegrew Master 
of the Revells and Master of yo Company that some of you haue violently 
taken and shared Money against an Agreement betweene you and his 
positive order to the Contrary I do hereby appoint Friday Morninge next 
at my Lodgeings at Whitehall to heare the matter in difference And 
require you whose Names are underwritten to appeare before mee at that 
tyme And in the meane time that you continue Acting without any dis- 
turbance.” The names given are those of Kynaston, Mohun, Lacy, 
Burt, Shatterell, Wintersell and ‘Carterett,”’ z7.e. Cartwright. This is 
dated Jan. 11, 1674/5. 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 291 


probably drawn up about the middle of the month!. Still, how- 
ever, trouble seems to have gone on. On Dec. 9 of the same year 
articles were drawn up for the better regulating of the 'T.R. and 
these were approved on Dec. 14%. Yet, on Feb. 14, 1675/6, we 
find that the T.R. company had left off playing because of differ- 


? Again a double entry: L.C. 5/141, p. 114 and 7/1. “It is agreed and 
consented by M' Thomas Killegrew and by Mt Mohun, M* Kynnaston, 
M? Wintersell, M™ Shatterell, M* Cartwright for themselues and theire 
Company That halfe the proffitt of the House shall go towards the pay- 
ment of the debts of the House The Company alleadgeing M* Killegrew 
had resigned His Power, which hee had by His Patent as Master of theire 
Company unto the Company Mr’ Killegrew produces a Resignation back 
againe unto him by the Company of all his Power as formerly Except 
intermedling with the proffitts and shares, which is to be done acaording 
to Articles betweene them which Agreement concerning the proffitts and 
shares M* Killegrew declares he will observe and not any waies breake or 
contradict And according to that Agreement M’ Killegrew expects onely 
his two shares, And the rest to be divided according to the Articles and 
Consent of the Company.” It is dated merely “Jan: 167%.” 

2 L.C. 5/141, p. 307. “Articles of Agreem!t for the Better Regulateing 
theire Mat®* Servants the Comoedians at the Royall Theatre humbly 
presented to yo" Lordpp Consideraton by the Master & Company yot 
Lordpp being Our Superior Officer. December 9: 1675. 

1 That noe man or Weoman shall dispose of theire parts without the 
consent of the Company Subpoena 20 shillings 

2 That neither Man or Weoman shall refuse any part the Company 
shall thinke them fitt for Subpoena a weekes wages 

3 That noe hired man or Weoman neglect rehearsall vpon forfeiture 
as formerly 

4 Whereas by Experience Wee find Our Cloathes Tarnished & Im- 
berelled by frequent Weareing them out of the Playhouse It is thought fitt 
noe Weoman presume to goe out of the House with the Play House Cloathes 
or Properties vpon Penalty of theire Weekes pay 

5 That neither Man or Weoman make vse of either Scenes or Cloathes 
without the Generall consent of the whole Company 

6 Vpon Complaynt of People of Quality of Ms Meggs Severall Maydes 
offending them in the Pitt besides offending the Stage with theire Noise 
& treading vpon theire Cloathes & other affronts wee desire she may be 
obliged to strictly observe her Covenants 

7 That noe Hired Man or Weoman quitt the Company without three 
Monethes warninge, & that giuen to M™ Thomas Killegrew vnd" theire 
hands 

8 That noe Man or Weoman be entertained in the Company with[out] 
the Generall Knowledg & consent of the Company for the future & that 
they play three Monethes without Sallary by Way of Approbation 
Acording to ancient Articles 

9 That neither Feathers nor Clothes nor Ribbons nor any thing relating 
to the Stage be taken vp without the Consent of the Company vpon 
penalty of paying for them themselves ; 

10 To p'vent the Disorders of the shareing Table by an Inundation of 
People that presse vpon them in theire businesse Henry Hayles is appoynted 


19-2 


292 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


ences among themselves and that the King had to step in to 
compel them to act again}. As a temporary measure the Lord 
Chamberlain appointed Mohun, Kynaston, Hart and Cartwright 
as managers, and later gave Hart complete control. On Aug. 3, 
Killigrew was ordered not to act until further order*, and on 
Sept. 9, as we have seen, the Lord Chamberlain took command of 
the theatre. Minor worries attended the theatre during this 
period, Haynes being silenced on Nov. 4, 16754, and Mrs Slade 
suspended on Nov. 25 of the same year®. The effect of all this 
on the success of the playhouse is to be seen reflected in the pro- 
logue to Lee’s Gloriana, already quoted®. 

The difficulties seem to have been temporarily removed by the 
appointment, on Feb. 22, 1676/7, of Charles Killigrew, son of 
Thomas Killigrew, as master of the T.R.’, and, on Feb. 24, as 


to stand at the Dore & there to admitt them as they are called and by one 
to deliuer vp theire charge & soe dismisse them 

11 To avoyd the future inconveniency of strangers frequent Egresse 
& regresse when a play is done in y® House, it is thought fitt that some one 
or two be appoynted to stand at the Tyring house Dore till the House is 
discharged the persons appoynted are David Middleton and Brittaine 

12 That noe persons Vnconcerned in the Businesse of the Play be 
admitted to stand betweene the Scenes 

13 Henry Hales is ordered to take vp all fforfeits”’ 

This document is signed by Lacy, Kynaston, Shatterell, Hart, Wintersell, 
Killegrew, Mohun, Cartwright and Burt. 

1L.C. 7/1, p. 5. “‘His Mat® understanding That His Company of 
Comoedians have left off actinge upon private differences and disagree- 
ments betweene themselues is very much displeased thereat And hath 
comanded mee to require and order the said Company forthwith to act 
and play as formerly And that none of the said Company presume to 
leave off Acting.” 

2 L.C. 7/1. ‘“Whereas His Mate hath comanded mee to take upon mee 
the Governement and direction of His Company of Comoedians during 
the difference betweene M* Killegrew and His Sonne to which the said 
Company haue submitted th™selues according to a writeing signed by 
them I do therefore hereby nominate and appoint M? Michaell Mohun, 
Mr Charles Hart, Mt Edward Kynnaston, and M? William Cartwright 
under mee from tyme to time to order and direct all things whatsoever 
belonging to the well orderinge of the said Company.” This is dated 
Sept. 9, 1676. 

L.C. 7/1. Order issued Feb. 22, 1676/7. It recites that the L.C. had 
appointed the four men as managers “and bya second Order I did appoint 
M? Hart alone.” 3 L.C. 5/141, p. 433. 

4 L.C. 7/1 and 5/141, p. 287. “‘ Whereas Joseph Haynes hath with ill & 
scandalous language, & insolent carriage abused ST Edmund Windham’”’ 
is the statement in the order. 

PLC. 5/141, ps 204. 8 Supra, p. 6. 

” L.C. 7/1. “Now whereas the Father and the sonne are agreed, and 
that the Father hath certified the same to mee under his hand writeinge, 
that hee hath resigned and delivered up all his right power and authority 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 293 


Master of the Revels!. The actors, however, seem to have been 
no better pleased with the son than with the father. The King, 
on July 30, expressed himself dissatisfied with the management of 
the T.R. and declared that he would allow the actors self-govern- 
ment. The sharing actors, notably Mohun, Burt and Shatterall, 
all of whom had given bonds of {500 to Killigrew, obtained 
on April 19, 1678, an order forbidding the actors to remove any 
costume from the theatre or to wear any theatrical garments out 
of acting hours*. Killigrew himself seems to have been an offender, 
so that a peremptory order came to him also, in the shape of a 
Lord Chamberlain’s order dated Oct. 30, 1679, forbidding him 
to dispose of any of the properties of the House?. 


with his two voyces as Master of the Company of His Mat®® Comoedians 
unto his sonne MF? Charles Killegrew I do therefore...hereby order that 
the said Company do in all things conforme themselues to the orders and 
directions of M* Charles Killegrew.”’ 

1 L.C. 7/1. Entry: “‘ Charles Killigrew Esq. Master of the Revells in 
Mr! Thomas Killigrews place resigned. Feb. 24: 1678.’ Orders regarding 
his authority are to be found scattered throughout the L.C. books: cf. 
7/x dated Feb. 12, 1678: “‘I do hereby order that His Mate* Comoedians, 
and His Royall Highnesse Comoedians do observe and obey such orders 
and directions as they shall from time to time receive from Mr? Charles 
Killegrew Master of the Revells, to His Mate.” 

2 L.C. 5/142, p. 98 and 7/1. “His Ma® being dissatisfied with the 
Governement of the Players His Servants at the Royal Theatre, upon 
theire humble petition which I here send you is pleased to gratify them 
in theire proposition of governeing themselves but withall, that Mr Kille- 
grews right to his shares and proffitts may bee preserved and that he may 
haue also security given him to indempnify him from those Articles and 
debts, which hee alleadges hee is lyable unto, as you willsee in his Answeare 
to theire petition which I here alsoe send you His Ma®® desires it may be 
dispatcht by you with all conveniency That the Company may begin to 
play to support themselues because they suffer every day they lye still.” 
The letter is addressed from Arlington to Sir William Jones, the Attorney 
General. Killigrew seems to have been sparing of his money. The 
dismissal of the musicians has already been noted (supra, p. 62) and on 
May 12 Robert Baden was petitioning for £135. 12s. due for properties 
delivered (L.C. 5/190). This was ordered to be paid by Jan. 10, 1677/8 
(L.C. 5/191). On April 5, 1678, Thomas Jolly sued the company for 
£54 “for makeing cloathes for ye vse of ye Company” (L.C. 5/191). 

3 L.C. 5/143, p. 69 and 7/1. “Whereas Michaell Mohun, Nicholas 
Burt, and Robert Shatterell three of His Ma'e® Comoedians haue given 
Bond of fiue hundred pounds unto Charles Killegrew Esq....to returne 
the Stock of Clothes and Scenes belonging to the Royal Theatre entire at 
the end of three yeares...and whereas I am informed that some of the said 
Clothes hath beene carried out of the House, and embezelled by some of 
the Company These are therefore to require all His Ma‘** Company of 
Comoedians both men and women that none of them presume to go out 
of the House in theire acting Clothes.” 

4 L.C. 5/143, p. 399 and 7/1. “His Mat¢ being informed that you are 


294 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


Other troubles of a different kind also came upon the Theatre 
Royal, troubles so great that Haynes’ arrest “for reciteinge...a 
Scurrilous & obscoene Epilogue” on June 18, 1677, must have 
appeared a triflet. Dryden, as we have seen, was intimately 
associated with the company on the rebuilding of their theatre. 
It would appear that this author had been specially engaged by the 
King’s comedians to supply them with plays, they providing him 
with a regular salary. The arrangement, no doubt, had worked 
well enough for a time, all of Dryden’s plays, except Sir Martin 
Mar-all in which he collaborated with the Duke of Newcastle and 
The Tempest in which he was aided by D’Avenant, being acted 
at the various theatres utilised by the Royal company. In March, 
1678, however, Mr Limberham was given at D.G. and the following 
year appeared the joint work of Lee and Dryden, Oedipus, at the 
same theatre. The actors immediately put forward their complaint 
in the shape of a petition, with what result we can, now, only 
surmise. At any rate, Dryden’s next two plays were both given 
to the Duke’s company?. 


going about to dispose of the Players Stock of Clothes, Bookes, and other 
Properties belonging to His Mate* Theatre Royall, His Mat® hath com- 
anded mee to require you And I do hereby require you not to dispose of 
any of the said Clothes, or other properties belonging to the said Play- 
house, but that you cause them safely to bee kept, and that you take an 
Inventory of the same, and deliuer a Copy of the said Inventory to Major 
Mohun to bee by him kept for the rest of the Company that are concerned 
therein.” 

1 An explanation of the following entry will probably never be found, 
but it shows the troubles of the actors: “‘’ Tho: Johnson one of y° Owners 
of y® Theatre Royall agt Tho: Sheppey & Hen. Hailes 554i vpon ye account 
of ye Theatre June 98 1679”’ (L.C. 5/191). 

2 'This petition is quoted in Malone’s Life of Dryden, forming the first 
part of his edition of the prose works and letters. It runs as follows: 
‘Whereas upon Mr Dryden’s binding himself to write three playes a 
yeare, he the said Mr Dryden was admitted and continued as a sharer in 
* the King’s Playhouse for diverse years, and received for his share and a 
quarter, three or four hundred pounds, communibus annis, but though he 
received the moneys, we received not the playes, not one ina yeare. After 
which, the House being burnt, the Company in building another con- 
tracted great debts, so that the Shares fell much short of what they were 
formerly. 'Thereupon Mr Dryden complaining to the Company of his want 
of profit, the Company was so kind to him that they not only did not 
presse him for the playes which he so engaged to write for them, and for 
which he was paid beforehand, but they did also, at his earnest request, 
give him a third day for his last new play called All for Love; and at the 
receipt of the money of the said third day, he acknowledged it as a guift, 
and a particular kindnesse of the Company. Yet notwithstanding this kind 
proceeding, Mr Dryden has now, jointly with Mr Lee (who was in pension 
with us to the last day of our playing, and shall continue) written a play 
called Oedipus, and given it to the Duke’s Company, contrary to his said 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES — 295 


The condition to which the T.R. players were brought is amply 
to be seen in a couple of letters addressed by the Lord Chamber- 
lain to the authorities at Oxford, recommending the King’s 
players. It was no doubt in the midst of their greatest chaos that 
in May, 1680, they received permission from the King to pay a 
visit to Oxford. On May 15, the Lord Chamberlain wrote to the 
Vice-Chancellor, advising him of the proposed journey and bidding 
him welcome the actors!, but misfortune dogged the footsteps of 
the weary players. From the second letter, dated June 5, we learn. 
that they had been forestalled. Another company, the players from 
Smock Alley, Dublin, had been before them in the University town?. 


agreement, his promise, and all gratitude, to the great prejudice and almost 
undoing of the Company, they being the only poets remaining to us. 
Mr Crowne, being under the like agreement with the Duke’s House, writt 
a play called the Destruction of Jerusalem, and being forced by their 
refusall of it to bring it to us, the said Company compelled us after the 
studying of it, and a vast expence in scenes and cloathes to buy off their 
clayme, by paying all the pension he had received from them ; amounting to 
one hundred and twelve pounds paid by the King’s Company, besides 
neere forty pounds the said Mr Crowne paid out of his owne pocket. These 
things considered, if, notwithstanding Mr Dryden’s said agreement, 
promise and moneys freely given him for his said lastnew play, and themany 
titles we have to his writings, this play be judged away from us, we must 
submit.” This document is signed by Hart, Killigrew, Burt, Goodman 
and Mohun. As Mr Limberham is not mentioned in this petition, and as 
Oedipus seems to have been finished in 1678, it is possible that it may be 
dated either late in 1678 or very early in 1679. The statements given here, 
save perhaps for the estimate of-the value of a share, are fairly correct. 
Barely six new plays were produced at the T.R. between 1678 and 1681. 
1 L.C. 5/143, p. 506, and 7/1. 

“Windsor Castle May: 15 1680 

“Reverend St 


‘“His Mates Comoedians haveing obteyned His leave to go and aire 
themselves in the Country, now Hee have [‘ have’ written over ‘hath’] no 
need of theire Attendance at Court and beleiveing no aire better than that 
at Oxford, having likewise prevailed with His Ma‘® to comand mee to 
recomend them to your Protection, That they may represent some of 
theire good Playes, for some convenient time before the University: I do 
very heartily do it, assureing my selfe, that for the Character and Pre- 
viledge they have of being His Ma*®’ sworne Servants, and for being men 
of letters, you will be pleased to afford them all the favour that shall bee 
necessary towards theire security, whilst they are there, which they pro- 
mise they shall not abuse in any degree I am with much truth 


Reverend St 
Yot most Affectionate and humble Servant, 
Arlington.” 
For the Reverd Dt Timothy Haughton Vice Chancell of the University 


of Oxford. ‘ , : 
2 L.C. 7/1. “I wrote to you on May the 1 52 recommending to yo 


296 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


The year 1680 introduces us to a new set of complications. It 
was a year of political unrest, and this was at once reflected in the 
theatre by the banning of a number of plays?. This, added to the 
losses of the house, made a union of the two patents not only 
desirable but necessary. Gildon tells us that this year, on Oct. 14, 
D’Avenant entered into an agreement with Hart and Smith?, 
and on May 14, 1682, articles of union were signed between 
Charles Killigrew, Betterton, Charles D’Avenant and Smith?. 


favour and protection His Ma‘e® Comoedians, who haveing since com- 
plained to him, that there is another Company of the same Profession, 
whose admittance in the University will frustrate them of the Proffitt they 
promised themselves under His Mate* name His Ma'® hath comanded 
mee to lett you know His Pleasure that Hee would have His owne Comoe- 
dians onely gratified with this favour they needing such an Extraordinary 
Encouragement to repaire them for some misfortunes lately befallen 
them, and perswadeing himselfe they can singly afford the University as 
much divertisement as theire vacancie from theire studies will admitt 
off.” 

1 See supra, p. 10. From Jan. 19 to 29, 1680/1 the T'.R. was silenced 
by royal command. On Aug. 12, 1682, Lady Slingsby and Mrs Behn were 
both arrested (L.C. 5/191 and 5/16, p. 118): “‘ Whereas the Lady Slingsby 
Comoedian and Mrs Aphar Behen haue by acting and writing at His 
Royall Highnesse Theatre comitted Severall Misdemeanors & made 
abusiue reflections vpon Persons of Quality, & haue written & spoaken 
Scandalous Speeches without my Lycense or Approbaton of those that 
ought to pvse & authorize the same These are therefore to require you to 
take into yo™ Custody the said Lady Slingsby & M*® Aphar Behen....” 
Mary Meggs on Nov. to of this year petitioned “agt Charles Killegrew 
Esq a lease to sell fruite in ye Kings playhouse & now hindred.”’ This was 
probably just before the Union; Mary Meggs may have found her place 
taken by the Duke’s fruit woman. 

2 'The document has been reprinted in Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 148. The 
contracting parties were Dr Charles D’Avenant, Betterton and Smith, 
on the one part and Hart and Kynaston on the other. The arrangements 
were as follows: (1) on an understanding that Hart and Kynaston would 
not act at the King’s theatre, the managers of the D.G. playhouse pro- 
mised to pay them 5s. each per acting day. (2) If Kynaston should become 
free to act at the Duke’s theatre, this payment would cease. (3) Hart and 
Kynaston promised to make over to the Duke’s theatre their share in the 
properties of the T.R. (4) They also agreed to make over their authority 
to receive 6s. 3d. per acting day from the T.R. (5) Both promised to aid 
in furthering a union of the companies, and Kynaston agreed to endeavour 
to get free to act at the Duke’s but should not be compelled to do so unless 
he got 1os.a day. (6) Both agreed to go to law with Killigrew to get these 
articles performed. 

8 Fitzgerald, op. cit. 1. 154. By this it was agreed (1) that the patents 
should be united; (2) that plays should be acted by the Duke’s company 
under the management of Killigrew and D’Avenant; (3) that the T.R. 
company should be dissolved and the plays belonging to it given over; 
(4) that the united companies should be able to use the T.R. but not have 
the scenery; (5) that every day the T.R. or D.G. was used for acting £3 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES — 297 


The joint companies started acting on Nov. 16 of this year!. This 
union of the patents, which was to éndure till 1695, caused quite 
a number of famous actors to disappear from the stage. Betterton 
was left without a rival in the theatrical world. A number of the 
best-known performers, such as Mohun, appear never to have 
acted again?, a few joined the united company, and some at least 
appear to have set off on a journey to Scotland. Among these were 
Gray, Goodman and Clark. They had returned to London by 
Feb. 8, 1683 (possibly 1683/4)°. 


should be paid to Killigrew; (6) that the profits should be divided into 
20 shares, 3 of which were to go to Killigrew. 

+ Downes, p. 39. 

® That this was involuntary on Mohun’s part, and that the joint managers 
obviously favoured the Duke’s men is proved by the documents given 
in Appendix B. 

® L.C. 7/1. “Whereas His Mat® hath comanded mee to examine a 
Complaint of Mt Gray M? Goodman, and Mr? Clarke, against M? Charles 
Killegrew concerning monies taken up for defraying theire charges in 
comeing out of Scotland: I haue called Mr Charles Killegrew, M? Gray, 
Mr? Clarke and M* Goodman before mee, and they haveing submitted 
the whole matter to my determination, And M* Gray haveing made it 
appeare, that he with M?* Goodman, and M? Clarke are bound in a Bond 
of Twenty pounds to M'? Morley, which was taken up for the use of 
some of the Comoedians there in Scotland, towards the bringing of them 
back to act in His Mat®® Theatre at London and that he hath beene sued 
upon that Bond by M* Charles Killegrew to whom that Bond was assigned 
by M® Morley, In the charges of which suite he makes appeare That by 
Bills, Answeares, Injunctions in Chancery and Comon Law he hath 
expended the sume of Twenty Six pounds Sixteene Shillings, and haveing 
heard all parties, and examined the whole matter, do find that M™ Gray 
ought to bee freed from the said Bond, and paid his charges by the whole 
Company, that was then in being for whome hee did that service, and for 
as much as that Company is dissolved These are therefore to signify His 
Mates Pleasure, that out of the monies that is in yo™ present possession, 
or that shall first bee received by you, ariseing out of the Bookes, Scenes, 
and Cloths, either of the old or new stock belonging to the said former 
Company at the Royall Theatre, you cause the said Bond of Twenty 
pounds to bee discharged, and M* Gray freed from the same and alsoe 
that you satisfy M? Gray his charges of 26!!: 16%: 00%: occasioned by the 
suite upon the said Bond.’ In the same entry book is another document, 
dated Mar. 3, 1683/4 identically similar to the above down to “dissolved.” 
The following is then added: “And the said M* Charles Killegrew is 
allowed three shares out of yo™T Company, for the Bookes, Scenes, and 
Clothes, that did belong to them, and ought to haue discharged the debts 
of that Company, These are therefore to signify His Ma‘¢* Pleasure that 
out of the said three shares payable to the said M* Killegrew in considera- 
tion of the said Bookes, Scenes and Clothes, you cause the said Bond of 
twenty pounds to be discharged and M' Gray freed from the same And 
alsoe that you satisfy the said M* Gray his charges of twenty six pounds 
sixteene shillings occasioned by the suite upon the said Bond.” Both of 
these are addressed to D’Avenant and Betterton. This money was not 


298 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


Troubles were not stopped by the union. On Dec. 20, 1682, 
appeared a petition of the ‘“‘Comoedians agt M* Killegrew,” de- 
claring that he was not keeping to his agreement?. 

In February, 1685, Charles, the great patron of the drama, died, 
and for some two months, apparently, the theatres were closed. 
An order to recommence their activities was made only on April 20, 
16852, James it is clear had inherited some of his predecessor’s 
love of dramatic shows. On Jan. 12, 1687/8, he constituted a 
fresh band of royal comedians, including ‘‘Thomas Betterton 
W= Smyth James Noke Cave Vnderhill Anthony Leigh Edward 
Kinaston Phillip Griffin Joseph Williams Tho: Jevon John Downes 
John Verbroggell (sic) John Bowman Samuell Sandford Francis 
Baker Martin Powell George Bright William Monfort John 
ffreeman Francis Pauy George Powell Henry Bowtell and John 
Barr®”’ to whom were added, on May 19, Thomas Sheppey*, and, 
on May 23, Thomas Sympson and Aaron Darby®. The women in 
this royal company are also enumerated: “‘Elizabeth Barry Sarah 
Cooke Margarett Osborne Francis Mariaknight (sic) Katherine 
Davies and Anne Bracegirle (sic)®.” 

The theatres, apparently, were still in a bad way financially, 
and small things, such as the 3s. 4d. made payable to Mrs Lacy, 
a sum which she claimed from the daily takings of the house, 
seemed to bother the management’. Possibly the discipline was 
none too good, for on Oct. 5, 1687, we find in an order to Charles 
Killigrew as Master of the Revels a curious command ‘‘that he 
(Charles Killigrew) take care the Comoedians do come in good 
time’.” The King had evidently had experience of not a few 
unfortunate delays. James still continued a fair patronage of 
the theatre. He ordered a certain number of plays at court and 
attended the public playhouse.as Charles had done. Out of his 


paid by Dec. 8, 1684, when another order was issued to have the payment 
made immediately. A reference is made to this Scotch visit in Dryden’s 
Prologue to the University of Oxford (ed. Sargeaunt, p. 239): 
“Our House has suffered in the Common woe, 

We have been troubled with Scotch Rebels too. 

Our brethren are from Thames to Tweed departed, 

And of our Sisters all the kinder-hearted 

To Edenborough gone, or coached or carted.” 


1 LAC. 5/191. “William Cartwright & ye rest of His Mate* Servants 
belonging to y® Theatre Royall agt Mt? Charles Killegrew for keepeing ye 
Clothes that belonged to the Playhouse & not giueing satisfaccon....” 

ele 5) TAS) Daro4. S.C. 5/T4S..p.06, triads DuZons 

DMS PIO ® Td. p. 66. 

’ This claim was made on the strength of a loan made in the early 
years of the Restoration by her husband, the actor Lacy. There are nearly 
a dozen references to her petitions in the Lord Chamberlain’s books. 

8 L.C. 7/1 and 5/148, p. 19. 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 299 


Privy Purse he gave Mrs Barry sums of money for her acting!; 
Crowne he paid £20 for Sir Courtly Nice on Jan. 9, 1687/8 and 
£20 for Darius on May 8, 16882. 

On Feb. 13, 1688/9, William and Mary came to the throne of 
England. The Catholic element of the preceding years was dis- 
missed, and a slightly more Puritan tone is to be observed in the 
theatre. Still the monarch paid a certain attention to the play- 
house. Mrs Barry and others were occasionally given gifts for 
acting or writing’, and on Aug. 23, 1689, he formed a band of 
comedians in ordinary*. Notwithstanding all these, however, the 
old royal countenance of the theatre was gone. 

By 1690 theatrical affairs were moving towards a new crisis. 
On Aug. 30, 1687, Alexander D’Avenant had come to take the 
place of Charles D’Avenant, and on March 24, 1690, this Alex- 
ander D’Avenant sold his share to Christopher Rich, who, 
apparently, allowed D’Avenant to “‘farm” it for him. It is not 
exactly certain who precisely were concerned in the ownership 
of the theatre during the next few years. Skipwith must have - 
entered about this time, and from a document of 1691 it seems 
that a Richard Middlemore and an Andrew Card were chiefly 
interested with Alexander D’Avenant in the affairs of the play- 
house®. Disruptions were still rife among the actors and the 
actresses. On March 11, 1689, Mrs Corey had been petitioning 
the Lord Chamberlain because she was banished from the play- 
house, and an order was sent to have her readmitted®. A few 
months later, the officials of the playhouse were summoned for 
another matter? Quarrels between the management and the 


1 There are three separate entries of such payments: on April 10, 1686, 
£40 (L.C. 5/147, p. 112, deleted), on April 21, 1687, £35 (Jd. p. 321), 
May 8, 1686 (Id. p. 136), and Dec. 20, 1687, £20 for her acting in The 
Emperor of the Moon (L.C. 5/148, p. 59). 

2 L.C. 5/148, pp. 64 and 195. 

3 See Appendix B. 

4 L.C. 5/149, p. 219. These included John Hodgson, John Freeman, 
Aaron Darby, Powell, Bright and Trefusis: to these were added on 
July 5, 1690, Francis Pavy (L.C. 5/150, p. 119) and on Mar. 2, 1691/2, 
Joseph Harris (L.C. 5/151, p. 35) and on April 2 Michael Lee (Jd. p. 51). 

5 Hist. MSS. Comm. House of Lords, p. 464. 

S17. C.15/140, po16: 

7 L.C. 5/192: “M? Montfort Mt Charles Killegrew M* Thomas 
D’Avenant or M? Alexander M?* Betterton M* Powell Junior M™ Bray 
Danceing Master The Book Keeper The Property Maker M* Ashbun 
M2 Trefusis Gentlemen M? Haynes complaineing against M™ Montfort, 
my Lord Chamberlaine hath appointed to heare the Controversy upon 
Friday morning next And His Lordpp desires the Gentlemen above 
named to be at His Lodgeings at the Cock pitt at Whitehall at that time 
Octob' 15‘ 1689 Yo" humble Servant Rich: Colinge.” Early the following 
year Nicholas Burt petitioned against Killigrew “for deteyneing his share 


300 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


actors must have been frequent, and matters had grown to such 
a state by September, 1691, that Betterton himself abandoned 
his share and went on salary. On Dec. 7 Killigrew and Betterton 
were in the Court of Chancery over various differences}. A few 
days later, from Dec. 16 to 19, the theatres were closed, because 
of an affront, so it is said, to a peer*. In August, 1692, Williams 
left the playhouse for several months, probably because of internal 
differences, and on Sept. 26, Betterton, Mountfort, Leigh and 
Bowman, no doubt after a great amount of arguing, drew up a 
document setting forth the rights of the sharing actors. After 
this, Betterton came into share again. In December, 1692, the 
theatres lost by death two of their best men, Mountfort and Leigh, 
although Williams returned to the theatre sometime in January, 
1692/3. Going from bad to worse, the company was probably 
losing heavily, so that on Jan. 16 of this year, Betterton and 
Bowman went on salary again. All this time, Alexander D’Avenant, 
acting in an underhand manner, had been cheating and defrauding 
the actors, until, when the discovery of his impostures was immi- 
nent, he fled in October, 1693*. A month later, Doggett, Bowen, 
and others mutinied, but were brought to reason by Betterton 
and the patentees. 

It was too late to patch up quarrels, however, and in December, 
1694, Betterton, at the head of a great body of the finest actors, 
laid a lengthy petition before the Lord Chamberlain5. On the 
roth of the month, after Rich and the other patentees had filed 
a series of answers to the various counts, the contending parties 
were ordered to attend at the house of Sir Robert Howard on 
Monday, Dec. 17. 

For a month or two, matters dragged on. On Feb. 11, 1694/5, 
the patentees made advances to Betterton, advances which were 
indignantly refused. In the beginning of March, the Lord Cham- 
berlain drew up a series of proposals to which the patentees agreed 
on Mar. 19°, but Betterton, trusting to get a licence, was well 


of Cloathes, Scenes, and Bookes belonging to the Theatre Royall” 
(Feb. 10, 1689/90). The same month Elizabeth Currer was complaining 
against Killigrew and D’Avenant. 

1 See P.R.O. Chancery Affidavit Register, vol. 30, Hilary Term, 
1691-2, Nos. 911-3. The question, as usual, was one of money and debts. 

2 L.C. 5/150, pp. 340 and 345. 3 See Appendix B. 

4 See Appendix B. 5 Given in Appendix B. 

® L.C. 7/3. “‘A copy of patentees Submission to the Lord Chamber- 
laines Proposall....Haveing considered of the Differences between y® 
Patentees & Adventurers & the Comedians at the Theatres by the Papers 
on both sides delivered to me; I doe propose it as a thing reasonable 
That the shares of the profitts and Aftermoney should be diuided into ten 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES _ 301 


ahead with his work in preparing a new theatre by the 22nd of 
the month?. Evidently no more could be done, and on Mar. 25, 
1694/5 a fresh licence was granted to the revolting actors®. The 
newly converted playhouse was opened on April 30, the inhabitants 
of Lincoln’s Inn Fields vainly protesting against the re-opening 
of a theatre in their midst. The twelve years’ union was thus 
definitely broken. 

As soon as the licence had been granted the old patentees 
rushed to gain actors, Verbruggen and his wife being engaged on 
April 10. The Lord Chamberlain evidently feared that all trouble 
was not yet over, for he issued, during the following few years, a 
number of orders covering the arrangements of the two theatres. 
On April 16, 1695, it was commanded that no actor should quit 
either house, and this decree was confirmed on July 253. In 


Equall parts, fhue Shares to goe to the patentees and ffiue Shares to the 
Actors, to be diuided among them, and some of the Cheife Actors to be 
Sharers the others to haue Sallairey The Lord Chamberlaine reserveing 
y® Governem! of the Kings Servants to himselfe as allwayes was practiced 
by his Predecessors, or to whom he should appoint.” This is signed by 
Killigrew, Skipwith and Rich “In Confidence yo" Lordshipp will vnite 
us & Compose all disputes & differences between us.” 

1 L.C. 7/3. “‘Wee the Patentees of the Theatres in Order to an amicable 
composure of matters, haveing severall times, & pticularly on the 11 
of ffebruary last, sent to M™ Betterton & other Comedians in Combinaton 
with him, to meet us, They Refused soe to doe, declareing that haueing 
putt themselues under your Lorpps JurisdicCon & reserved all matters in 
difference to your Lorpps determinaton, They could doe nothing without 
your Lorpps Order. 

That Wee haueing submitted to yo™ Lorpps Proposalls In Confidence 
That yo" Lorppe would vnite us, and Settle all matters in difference 
between vs, yet Wee find that they proceed in Converting the Tennis 
Court in Lincolnes Inn ffeilds to a Playhouse. 

Wee therefore now humbly pray your Lordshipp That you will be 
pleased 

1 To order a Stopp to be putt thereunto. 

2 To require the said Comedians to Act under the Patents at such 
Sallaires as they had when they left off acting on the 22'" of Dec last 
vntill such tyme as y® matters in difference shall be Composed, To the 
facilitateing whereof 

3 Wee humbly propose That as to such matters in difference as are too 
tedious & troublesome for yo™ Lorpes Examinaton That it may (if yo" 
Lorpne thinke fitt) be referred to M* Henry Harris & M*? W™ Smith who 
were formerly for many Yeares Shareing Actors & Managers of y® Theatres, 
and by that meanes well acquainted with the Rules & Methods of the 
Company That they make their Report to yo Loppe.” 

2 A copy of this licence is contained in L.C. 7/1. The authority is given 
to Betterton, Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle, Bowman, Williams, Underhill, 
Dogett, Bowen, Mrs Verbruggen, Mrs Leigh Bright. 

3L.C. 7/1 and 7/3. “‘Whereas Thomas Betterton Elizabeth Barry 
Anne Bracegirdle John Bowman Joseph Williams Caue Underhill Thomas 


302 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


spite of this, by April 3, 1696, Doggett was making preparations 
to leave Betterton!, and on Oct. 26 was acting at D.L. Verbruggen, 
similarly, had been enticed from the patentees and was per- 
forming at L.I.F.2 What exactly happened we do not know. The 


Doggett William Bowen Elinor Lee George Bright are by my Warrant 
sworne and admitted His Mats servants & Comoedians in Ordinary and 
have His Mates Leave and Authority Signified under hand and Seale 
dated y® 25th day of March [over April deleted] 1695 to act Comoedyes 
Tragedyes Playes Enterludes and Opera’s and to performe all other 
Theatricall and Musicall Entertainements but so as to be alwayes under 
my Government & regulation from time to time as hath been Exercised 
by my predecessors To prevent therefore any disorder or disturbance 
which may happen among them by y® deserting & quitting y° Company 
without due notice and my leaue first obtayened as hath been alwayes 
accustomed I do hereby order that none of His Mat®® Comoedians aboue 
named, nor any that shall be admitted hereafter into y® said Company by 
me do presume to desert or quitt y® said Company to act or play in any 
other place or company whatsoever without my leaue first had.’ The 
second order, also in L.C. 7/1, is even more explicit: “To prevent all 
disorders & [the last two words added above the line] disturbances which 
may arise & happen by reason of y® Actors or any Servants hyred by y® 
Two Companyes of His Mat’s Comoedians who shall desert & Quitt 
either of y® said Companyes & goe from one Company to y® other at 
Theire owne Pleasure after They haue been hyred & Entertained by Either 
Company I do hereby order in further Confirmation of my former Order 
dated y® Sixteenth day of Aprill Last That no Actor Actress or Servant 
hyred & Entertained by either of ye Companyes do presume to desert 
Quitt or Leaue y® Company wherein hee or shee is hyred & Entertained 
to goe & Act and be Entertained in y® other Company untill y® time is 
Expired wherein They haue Giuen Bond or Articles to giue Warning to 
Quitt y° Company And then to haue y® discharge of y° Company wherein 
hee or shee was or is first hyred & Entertained and my Leaue under my 
hand for approbation of y® same at Theire perrills of being punished.” 

1 On this date he entered into an agreement with the managers of the 
T.R., arranging to start at that house on Oct. 10. He was to receive £4 
per acting day from Skipwith, the patentee, or have a share “up to the 
heighth as shall be paid to M? George Powell or M? John Verbruggen,” 
as well as a benefit of an old play to be acted on a Wednesday or Friday 
in Lent, the actor paying the charges of the house. Bonds of £500 were 
given by both the management and the actor. 

2 L.C. 7/1. “‘Haveing heard y® differences between y® Comoedians of 
both Theatres it appeared that both y®° Companies had seduced Actors 
Mr? Doggett from y® Theatre in Lincolns Inne feilds and M* Vanbruggen 
from the pattentees Contrary to Theire owne Articles and my Orders 
pursuant thereunto I doe therefore hereby Order for this time onely 
that M? Vanbruggen shall remaine to act with the pattentees untill the 
first day of January next (that they may in the meane time provide them- 
selues of others to Act his Parts) and that after the first day of Jan™ next 
Mr Vanbruggen hath free Liberty to Act [the last two words added] at 
which Theatre he will...and for y® future my Orders of y® 16*® of Aprill 
1695 and of y® 25 of July 1695 shall be punctually obserued.’? This is 
dated Oct. 26, 1696, 


HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 303 


Lord Chamberlain, according to this document, distinctly ordered 
that Verbruggen should continue with the D.L. company until 
Jan. 1, 1696/7; on October 27 the latter entered into an agree- 
ment with the L.I.F. house, deciding to start there at the 
beginning of the new year!. Why Doggett was left free we do 
not know. The order against any actor’s leaving either theatre 
was reiterated on May 27, 16977, and Doggett, who had got 
tired of the D.L. management and had abandoned that company, 
was ordered to be arrested on Nov, 23 of that year*, Probably 
the comedian acquiesced for the moment, but in October, 1700, 
he had entered into an agreement with the L.I.F. house‘. 

Other orders and agreements of these five years all point to the 
same thing, a state of unrest and of uncertainty in theatrical 
affairs, a tyrannical government at the D.L. and D.G. houses, 
a mixed republic at L.I.F. A lengthy and important settlement 
of the affairs of the latter company is preserved in the Public 
Record Office®. This evidently was found unsatisfactory, as on 
Noy. 11, 1700, Betterton was appointed sole manager of the 
theatre®. The D.L. troupe had its own troubles arising out of the 
domineering tone of the patentees. Doggett, who had but newly 
joined that company, headed a petition (undated, but probably 
about 1697)’ against the management. Rich and Skipwith tried 
in all ways, legitimate and otherwise, to crush their rivals. They 
introduced buffoonery, rope-dancing, tumbling, dancing. Better- 


1 L.C. 7/3. Unfortunately an order in L.C. 5/192 does not give the 
‘Theatre at which Verbruggen was playing; it is incomplete and breaks 
off half finished : “‘ Whereas M? Van Bruggen one of His Mat®s’ Comoedians 
hath violently assaulted Boyle Esq? and Broke him agt y® 
publique peace and hath with reproch full of scandalous words & speeches 
abused St Thomas Skypwith Barrt I doe hereby discharge M* Van bruggen 
from Acting in yo™ Theatre, or any other untill I giue further directions 
herein And I require.” 

SER. 5/rs2; p..¥5. 

To.C. sir52) p.4o. 

4 L.C. 7/1. This is not dated. “‘M* Doggett is to be wt? y° Company 
in Little Lincoln’s Inn ffields & to continue acting with them from y® 
12 day of October next Ensuing, to y® 21 day of May following, & have 
for his Salary three pounds a week certain, except in case of any publick 
Calamity, or prohibition from acting He is also to have y® whole profits 
of one play acted for his benefit’ without any charge: if the sum does not 
reach £100 “Y® Company shall be oblig’d to make up to him y® afores* 
sum of 1oo0!l for y® first play to be acted for his Benefit, namely the first 
play that shall be acted for him this present year 1700.”’ In later years 
it was arranged that he should have one benefit, with a minimum income 
of £60, “provided that M™ Dogget shall not choose to be acted for his 
benefit any new or reviv’d play during y® first run.” 

5 Given in Appendix B. 6 LC. 5/853, pe 22. WIR OAGIEY 


304 HISTORY OF THE PLAYHOUSES 


ton petitioned against these, we must suppose in vain’. The years 
were rapidly approaching when pantomime was to banish legitimate 
drama from the stage. The years, too, were coming when Collier’s 
outburst was to startle London’s theatre-goers and players. On 
Jan. 24, 1696, the Lord Chamberlain had issued an order that 
all plays should be fully licensed?. On June 4, 1697 he commanded 
all scurrilous sentiments and expressions of profanity to be deleted 
from dramas®. In spite of this, the old tone continued, and a more 
peremptory order was issued on Feb. 18, 1698/94. The contro- 
versy regarding morals, however, concerns rather a later period 
than this. We may well leave the theatres at this point: the Puritan 
conscience reasserted, the patentee house veering towards buf- 
foonery, the L.I.F. theatre struggling on with a divided manage- 
ment, and the one man who had made dignified the actor’s art 
in Restoration times growing old and weak, ready to retire, just 
before his death, in the reign of Queen Anne. 


1 L.C. 7/3. This ‘‘ sheweth that it appears by the Receipts and constant 
Charges of the Theatres for some Years past, that the Town will not 
maintain two Playhouses. That the two Company’s have by their bidding 
against each other for Singers, Dancers &c who are generally Strangers, 
rais’d the Prices so high that both are impoverisht by it, and most of their 
Profitts carry’d away by Forreigners. That both Companys have been 
fore’d for their Subsistance to bring on the Stage, Dancers on the Ropes, 
Tumblers, Vaulters, Ladder dancers &c and thereby debas’d the Theatre, 
and almost levell’d it with Bartholomew ffaire.”’ 

2 L.C. 7/1 and 7/3. “‘ Whereas Severall Playes &c are Acted & Prolouges 
spoken wherein many things ought to be struck out and Corrected And 
y°® playes approued & Licensed by y® Master of the Revells according to 
y® Antient Custome of His place and upon the Examination of the said 
Master I find that he Complaines that of Late severall new & revived 
playes haue been Acted at y® Theatres of Drury Lane & Dorsett Gardens 
without any Licence And that of Late y° Managers of that Company haue 
refused to send such playes to be perused Corrected & allowed by y® 
Master of y® Revells I doe therefore Order and Command that for y® 
future noe playes shall be Acted but such as shall first be sent (and that 
in due time) to Charles Killegrew Esq? Master of y® Revells by him to 
be perused and diligently Corrected & Licensed....And I doe further 
Order & Command the said Master to be very Carfull in Correcting all 
Obsenityes & other Scandalous matters & such as any wayes Offend 
against y® Lawes of God & Good manners or the knowne Statutes of this 
Kingdome....”’ 

BA. Cus tsompe To. $0L7.C.75/152, p..202. 


APPENDIX B 


Documents Illustrative of the History 
of the Stage 


[The following records are taken from documents or books in 
the Lord Chamberlain’s department of the Public Record Office. 
As not all of these are of equal importance, I have condensed a 
few; actual wording is indicated by inverted commas. Hitherto 
extracts have been given only from two books in this collection 
(L.C. 7/r and L.C. 5/138), first by R. W. Lowe in his Life of 
Betterton and later by E. Thaler in Shakespeare to Sheridan. These 
books, however, are by no means the most important, the highly 
interesting play-lists not starting till a date covered by other 
warrant volumes.] 


I. Lists oF PLAYS PERFORMED BEFORE ROYALTY. 
1. Plays given by the T.R. Company. 


(a) Warrant dated Aug. 29, 1668, for plays acted from Dec. ro, 
1666 to July 31, 1668 (L.C. 5/139, p. 129), and similar warrants 
(L.C. 5/12, p. 17) carrying on list of performances to May 6, 1669. 
(In these lists I have condensed the long entries of payments 
which usually take the form ‘‘20: 00: 00,” and have added the 
£ marks.) 


“His Mate,..hath had presented before him those following Comoedies 
& Tragoedies at Court and at the Theatre Royall. 


Dec: 101666 The Silent Weoman at Court meet ese. 
[The second list reads ‘‘ Scornefull Lady: ae 
20 The Humorous Leiv‘ at the Theatre the Queenes 
Ma* there . me 
Jess” "22 The Indian Emperour : at the Theatre Royall lO 
ffeb: 14 flora’s Vagaries at Court ... ZO 
[The second list reads “‘ Rule a Wife and have a Wife. my 
March 2: The Mayden Queene at the Theater Bae ae ite! 
5 The Mayden Queene at the Theatre AE acs LO 
1667 
Ap: 15: The Change of Crownes his Mat¢ and the pa ae 
were at the Theatre mea ae 20 
18 The Mayden Queene at Court mie ae Beg 238) 
27 Bartholomew fayre at the Theatre aon cea EO 
May 13: The Comittee at the Theatre ee eo 


[Here the second list adds “‘16 Auglaura at Court. » 20] 
NRD 20 


3066 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


18 The Country Cap’. at ye Theatre ... TLIO 
Aug: 17 The Troubles of Queene Elizabeth at the Theatre 10 
[The second list reads “7” for “17.”] 
Aug: 28: The fox at Court... eee Wee eS) 
[This is omitted in the second list.] 
Sept: 27 The Sea Voyage His Mate had two boxes at ° 
Theatre, (2... ae 20 
[The second list reads ‘for “ 27, 39 «6 asth, Ag 
Octo: 7 The Poetesse at the Theatre tes hy! BaP Hi 10) 
19 The Black Prince at the Theatre ... Aor a tO 
29 The English Monsier at y® Theatre zs oP i) 
Nov: 11 The Indian Emperour at the Theatre ae seed LLC 
16 Philaster at the Theatre be aes one ee 
21 The Goblins at y® Theatre ... eee aap BAS 
23 The Maydes Tragedie at y® Theatre ina 455 7i0 
Jan: 04: The Mayden Queene at the Theatre ins Io 
20: The Indian Emperour King & Queene at the 
Theatre Dae eee pre ele) 
27 The Mayden Queene ‘at Court ee fee ose 120 
ffeb: 20: The Duke of Lerma at y® Theatre £6 sie MIO 
March 20 The Virgin Martyr at the Theatre .. be) 


[The second list reads “2” for ‘‘20,”’ has no date opposite The 
Mulbery Garden, and writes "Jan. 12 for June 12.] 


1668 
May 18 The Mulbery Garden His Mate and the Queene 
at the Theatre aaa 20 
June 12 An Evening Loue his Mate ‘and the © Queene at the 
Theatre | =. ace 20 
July 14 Hide Parke at the Theatre ee ae ss ceo 
aT Mons? Raggou at y® Theatre pass ase sutOe, 


The second list runs as follows :— 


“Sep* 14: The Damaseiles A la Mode y® King here ... as ae 
Sept 28: The Citty Match the King here... Sean LO: 
Nov: 6: The Island Princesse King & Miser: See ee 20 
9 The Tamer tamed at Court be See ee 20 

21 The Scornefull Lady at Court ae ane ste, 20 

Dec: 3%: 1668. ‘The Vsurper King here ard bbe be SL LO 
Os The Vsurper at Court tee Aho psa = AS) 

18: Cattalines Conspiracie Knig (sic) heré 5 nite. 

Jan: 24; Cattalines Conspiracie King & Queene here ec 20 
7 The Island Princesse King here... As mao HS 

13 Cattalines Conspiracie King here ... te ae LO 

16: Horace The King here us8 A PA Boon et! 

21: Horace The King & Queene ; P 20 

29: The Heiresse The King here : a0 TO 

ffeb: 8% The Comittee at Court ane ane be nee ZO 
22 Bartholomew ffayre at Court Me ave Pah oes) 

March 23: The Coxcombe y® King here Sho dae LIC) 
Ap.17: 1669 The Alchymist The King here re sce TO 
May 6:1669 ‘The King & Noe King Bee eek O77 


(b) Warrant dated Noy. 26, 1674, for plays acted from Mar. 26, 
1674 to Nov. 10, 1674 (L.C. 5/141, p. 73). 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 307 


1694. 
March 26: The Beggers Bush Rad Be] 


30 ‘The ffrench Opera. ... 10 
Ap: 23 Marriagealamode ... 10 
May 11 Loueina Maze an TG 
12 Indian Emperor OE 
16 Nero oh ane f G: 
Octo 20 The Traytor ... Sy: 
24 Philaster .. 10 
Noy. 9 _ Rollo Duke of Normandy 10 
A box for y® Queene ... 10 

10 =6©>-. Indian Emperor <eeREO” 


(c) Warrant dated Jan. 27, 1674/5, for plays acted from 
Nov. 12, 1674 to Jan. 15, 1674/5 (id. p. 116). 
“Nouember 12: The Alchymist  ... ee E10 


16 Aglaura the King & Queene 20 
19 The Mock Tempest Me LO 


24 \Loueina Mase ... oh tie) 
30 ~3—6 Bartholomew fayre no, Ue 
Dec 8 The Tamer tamed Bo ae) 
17 ‘The Island princesse oe XO 


21 The Rehearsall ... Serer 

28 The Rehearsall ... Aven de) 
JantY 12 The Country Wife haw’ XO 

15 The Country Wife See rO". 


(d) Warrant dated June 14, 1675, for plays acted from Jan. 25, 
1674/5 to June 7, 1675 (zd. p. 215). 


“Jan: 25. The Moore of Venice The King & Queene £20 
March 8 Catalins Conspiracye the Kings Mat®  ... 10 


Aprill 19 Rollo Duke of Normandy .. of Aaciubye do. 
Ap. 23 King & No King, King & Queene eC 
Ap. 30 Sophinisba ... ts Ae 8S) 
May y® 4" Sophinisba King & Queene ape sea ZO 
May 7% Sophinisba King & Queene eas sate 22) 
May 10 Loue in y® Darke ... EO 
June 7 °° # The Island Princesse at Whitehall nes Ot 


(e) Warrant dated Feb. 16, 1675/6, for plays acted from June 19, 
1675 to Jan. 29, 1675/6 (id. p. 359), and warrant dated June 1, 
1677, for plays acted from June 19, 1675, to May 5, 1677. The 
first is given to Jan. 29, and the list is continued from the second. 


“June 19 Marriage ala Mode ... ~- £10 
Octo: 26 The Alchymist aa 10 
Nov: 6 Sophonisba_ ... $60 Ese BLO 

II The Comittee ... aed xe xO 
17 +Aureng-Zebe ... ‘ee eeuLO 
20 Aureng-Zebe ... APR ASH) 


Deci 17 Merry Wives of Windsor Fone! 
20-2 


308 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


21 Granada I part lB fo) 

29  ~+Sophonisba both theire Mates 20 

Jan: 12 Moor of Venice oe £34 LO 

17 The ffox on a aso 

29 Augustus Caesar aie Bert ifs) 

May 16 #The Country Wife... 10 

1676, 18 Tyranick Loue or y® R Martir 20 

23 Phylaster ies op Be) 

May 29 Aurengzebe at Court . cpp Fe) 

June 13: Noe foole like y® old foole <a 20 

Nov: 18: A foole turned Critick ALLO 

27:  MHaniballs overthrow ... eo 

Dec: 4: Julius Caesar ... ope et) 

5 The Mayden Queene .. ai ee) 

II The playne dealer ee ound EO 

13 The playne dealer... 303) 0 

Jan 1% A shoemaker a Gent. ... Berg ste 

12 1 p! of y® destruction Jerusalem 20 

18 29 pr* Jerusalem 4 LO 

March 17 The Rivall Queene ... see 10 

Aprill 24 The Capt or Towne Misse ... 10 
1677. 


May 5 Scaramucha & Harlakyn geLO 


2. Plays given by the Duke’s Company. 


(a) Warrant dated Aug. 31, 1668, for plays acted from Oct. 29, 
1666 to Aug. 9, 1668 (L.C. 5/139, p. 125). 


“Oct. 29: Loue ina Tub at Court ae Fog HTS 
1666 Mustopha at Court ... aie oe Ae) 
Nov: 26: Worse & Worse at Court dae sas 0. 


Dec 32 Adventure of fiue houres at Court ... 20 
17 Mackbeth at Court ... ae me ete) 


28 Hen: fifth at Court... aed Baty 215) 
Jan 1 The Villaine at Court tae B20 
March 3 The English princes at y® Theatre sae, 10 
28 Humorous Louers.... wea IO 
Aprill 9. Loue ina Tubb Ba oe eae LO 
May 2 °#£The Witts at Court ... 20 


6 ‘The Humorous Lovers at the "Theatre be) 
9. The Schoole of Complements at Court 20 
May a1 The Seige of Rhodes at ae: Theatre . 10 


Aug. 15 St Martin Bue al vEO: 
21 St Martin aot nee “3 saa EO 
Oct 4.  S™ Martin sae 400 se ea xO 


8 The Coffee house te oe 
I5 The Coffee house 502 aa Pere 1) 


22, Mustapha an: be) 

[The date 22 here seems to have been written over 27.J 
Nou. 5 St Martin ie at ews ose LO 
7 The Tempest ... Cae 805 slo 

14 The Tempest ... ane oan fou i) 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 309 
19 The Rivalls « ... ees ie Gi IO 


26 The Tempest ... ves < say 
Dec 16 Tu Quoque _... an ae me 10 
28 Loue in a Tubb ix me sa «0 
Jan 8 S® Martin ant aoe sae Su) TO 
ffeb 3 Sr Martin at Court ... sere @O 
6 She would if she could at ge Theatre 10 
22 Albumazer = LO 
25 She would if she could one Ae te ho, 
March 7 She would if she could Sex ar eto 
14 The Tempest ... <x a wero 
26 The Mans y® Master ... eve oe) nde) 
Aprill 13. The Tempest ... ace ae i 10 
18 St Martin ‘is men con LO 
20 She woud if she coud as taal «TO 
23 The Mans y® Master an ccue dO! 
May 2 The Sullen Louers ... Soc lo 
3 The Sullen Louers.... <o £O 
She woud if she coud at Court es 20 


Aug: 9, 77668 The Guardian ... See bes SER oak ge: 
£540” 


(6) Warrant dated Sept. 11, 1674, for plays acted from Mar. 9, 
1671, to Mar. 12, 1672/3 (L.C. 5/141, p. 2). 
“March 9: 1671 Haniball on TO 


13 Romantick Lady ... 10 

28 Pompey eae LO 

Nov. 14 St Solomon at ‘Cott. sya 20 
Ap 2072. Adventure 5 houres... 10 
May 17 Charles 8: > 3... zo.) TO 
July 4 Cittizen turned Gent. 10 
8 the same... <cee EO 

17 the same... ts) IG 

Aug 3 ffatall Jealosie oe 46 
16 Cittizen turned Gent. 10 

Aug: 17: Loueina Tubb... _ 10 
21 The Witts  ... tO 

29 Cittizen turned Gent. 10 

Bx St Martin Marall ... 10 

Sept. 3 King Hen: 8: ‘eeu LO 
7 Charles'$"_*.: EEO 

Weers 3 Cittizen turned Gent. 10 
Nov. 4: Ye Morning Ramble 0 
17 Y° Gaurdian in LO 

Decs. 2: Epsom Wells oe §o 
4: Epsom Wells eae LO 

27 Epsom Wells at Court 20 

ats TOs Y° Amorous Widow 10 
ffeb 4 Y° Amour Widow ... 10 
6 Ye Dutch Lovers ... 10 

18 Mackbeth ... ree LO 


March 12 1673 Y® Careless lovers ... 10” 


310 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


(c) Warrant dated June 14, 1675, for plays acted from July 3, 
1673, to Mar. 2, 1674/5 (id. p. 216). 


“July 3: 1673 Morocco re eee 
Aug: 3 (or 9?) Y® Mans y® Master ... 10 
Sep! 27 We Rectoryateas mes ep 
Oct: 21: St Martin Marall ... Pe sXe) 

28: Herod & Meriamne ... seaZO 
Dec: 5 Epsom Wells ... ee $5 NTO 
Jan 31: Adventure 5 houres ... Kisoys 82) 
Mar: 18: Ye Sea Captaines... Bia! te he) 
Nov: 2: Constantenople a we TO 

1674 
3 Cittizen turned Gent at Court 20 

1674 
Nov 9 Love & Revenge sie eee e 

17 Ye Tempest double price ... 20 

18 Tempest double price an) Le) 

26 Tryvmphant Widdow A METO 

28 Tempest ae tee seer EZO 
Dec: 2: Hamlett K: & Q: wa ZO 

30: She would if she could Rep ee ke) 
Jan. 8 Ye Gaurdian K & Q: tno 

21. St Martin Marall ... ons) LO 
Jan: 22 1674 S* Martin Marall K&Q _ ... 20 
ffeb: 27 Psyche first Acting ... ape se: 
Mar: 2: Psyche aes ae shee 2One 


(d) Warrant dated June 29, 1677, for plays acted from May 28, 
1675, to May 12, 1677 (L.C. 5/142, p. 81). 


“His Ma's Bill from His Royall Highnesse Theatre. 


1675. 
May 28 At the Conquest of China .., see os ~& 10 
June 15 At the Libertine Sor 350 S60 ee 10 
Sept 28 At D? ffaustus Be) 
22 King and Queene at \ Meibiades and a bes for the 
Mayds of Hono ... “08 AOS core SS 
Jan. 10 At the Country Witt eee x0 eee Saree) 
March 11 At the Man of Mode Io 
Aprill 1676 At the Man of Mode and Box for the Mayds 0 of 
18 Hono! Ss nos ae 15 
May 25 At the Virtuoso Nee 18 wae ae SoS 
Jan 8 At Don Carlos mas eee eee Bde ee 
Nou. 4 At Madam fickle... des 300 eas <a LO. 
ffeb 12 At Anthony & Cleopatra... tes asf 10 
24 At the 2¢ part of the nase of Rhodes va cu ee) 
March 24 At the Rouer .. aN as use aes, TO 
[May 12] At Circe deuble price ok ABE eae fea 2022 


(e) Warrant dated Aug. 19, 1678, for plays acted from May 31, 
1677, to May 28, 1678 (L.C. 5/143, p. 162). 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 


ait 
“His Mates Bill From His Royall Highnesse Theatre 
1677 
May 31'8: At the Fond Husband ... £10 
June 8th: At the ffond Husband ... 10 
July 28: At the Impertienents 10 
Nov: 15%: At the Tempest 20 
Nov: 17%; At the Polititian 10 
Jan: 174: At St" Patient ffancy 10 
March 118; At Mt Lymberham 10 
1678. 
Aprill 5%: At ffriendship in ffashion 10 
May 28: At the Counterfeits ote ee 


3. Plays given by the United Companies. 


(a) Warrant dated Jan. 10, 1684/5, for plays acted from Nov. 5, 
1677, to Jan. 2, 1684/5 (L.C. 5/145, p. 120). To the end of 1681, 
of course, the entries refer to plays given by the Duke’s actors 


at D.G. 


“1677. Nov: 5. The King at y®° Tempest, double price £20 


978 Aprill 25 
May 25. 
March ist 

8. 

80 Aprill 4: 


81: Ap: 18: 


Nov: 22. 
June 24 
ffeb: 11 
1682 Nov: gth. 
Nov: 25. 
Decemb? 15 82. 


14: 
30: 


Jan: 11th 

18 

ffeb: 11th. 

23 

1684 Nov: 34. 


29: 


Dec: 9: 


. at St Popler Wisdome 
: at St Patient ffancy 


at Lymberham 

at friendship in fashion 

at y® Counterfeits 

at y® Soldiers fortune 

at y® Spanish fryer 

at y® 2% part of y® Rover 

at y® Soldiers fortune with y® Q: & a 
Box for y® Maides of Hono? 

At y® London Cuckolds 

at y® Royalist 

at Venice P'served 

at the Soldiers fortune wt? y® Q: & a 
box for y® Maides of Honot 

at y° London Cuckold with y® Queene 
& a box for y® Maides of honot 

at y° Duke of Guise with y® Q: & a box 
for y® Maides of hono* 

at y® London Cuckolds 

at y® Chances with y® Q: & a box for 
y® Maides of honot 

at y° Wanton Wife with y® Q. & a box 
for y® Maides of hono™ 

At Othelo with y® Queene & a box for y® 
Maydes of Honot 

at Valentinian 


. At y® Scornfull Lady 


At a Duke & No Duke with y® Queene 
& a box for the Maydes of honot 

At y® Spanish fryar 

Att a Duke & No Duke 


Jan: 24 At y® Leivtenant 


10 
10 
Bde) 
10 
10 
b fe) 
Bde) 
10 


20 
10 
10 
10 
20 
20 


20 
Io 


20 


20 


312 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


For Acting at Whitehall 
1680. February 11th 
The King at y® Rover £20 
13. at y° Wanton Wife 20 
17. at S' ffopling 20 
20. at Epsom Wells 20 
27. at She woud if she coud 20 
March 6. at Nights intregue 2 


(6) Warrant dated Dec. 28, 1685, for plays acted from Jan. 13, 
1684/5, to Dec. 14, 1685 (L.C. 5/147, p. 68). 


“His Mattes Bill from the Theatre 


1685 

Janu: 13. The Queene at Jerusalem ye secd part £05 
This was | 15 The King & Queene at the Silent Weoman 05 
before y® 20 'The Queene at Rolo 05 
late Kinges| 22 ‘The King and Queene at y® Rover 05 
death 27 The King & Queene at y® Disapoyntmt 05 

1685 Aprill 28 The King & Queene & a Box for y* Maydes 
of Hono? at Rolo 15 

May 11'2 The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes 
of Hono? at St Courtley Nice 15 
May y®30 The Queene at Othelo 10 

June 3% ‘The King and Queene &a Box for y® Maydes 
of Hono? at the Opera 30 
Octob' 29 The Rover at Whitehall 20 

20 ‘The Queene & a Box for y® Maydes of 
hono! at A King & noe King 15 
Nov: 4 Rule a Wife at Whitehall 20 
9 St Courtley Nice at Whitehall 20 
16 The Citty Politiques at Whitehall 20 
24. y°® Moore of Venice at Whitehall 20 
30 «6. St Phoplyn att Whitehall 20 

Dec: 14: 'The playne Dealer at Whitehall 20” 


(c) Warrant dated May 15, 1686, for plays acted from Dec. 30, 
1685, to May 10, 1686 (7d. p. 125 and L.C. 5/16, p. 124). 


“1685 The Kings Bill from y® Theatres. 
Dec: 30% 'The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes of 
Hono! at y® Comittee £15 
Jan: 13: The Dutches of Malfey at Whitehall 
20: All for Love at Whitehall 20 
27: The Chances at Whitehall 20 
ffeb: 3: The Scornfull Lady at Whitehall 20 
8: The King & Queene & a Box for y° Maydes of 
hono! at Mackbeth 15 
ro: The Humorous Lievtenant at Whitehall 20 
11: The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes of 
hono? at y® French Opera 25 
16: ‘The Mock Astrologer at Whitehall 20 


[The list of 5/16 seems to give “26” as the date.] 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 313 
Aprill 8: The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes 


of hono! at y® Comittee args 
30 «Hamlett at Whitehall 20 
1686: May 6: The King & Queene & a Box for y° Maydes 
of hono® at y® Rehearsall 15 
to: The K: & Q: & a Box for y® Maydes of hono® 
at St Courtly Nice nye 


(d) Warrant dated Dec. 30, 1686, for plays acted between 
Oct. 6 and Dec. 15, 1686 (L.C. 5/147, p. 260). 


“71686. 
Octo. 6: The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes 
of honot at Mustapha ‘Crs 
13 The King & Queene & a box for y® Maydes 
of Hono? at y® Mock Astrologer 15 
20 8S? Martin Marall at Whitehall 20 
27. ~+Alexander y® Greate at Whitehall 20 
Nov: 3  S* Courtly Nice at Whitehall 20 
10 ©>- Othelo y® Moor of Venice at Whithall 20 
17. The Committe at Whitehall 20 
24 The Humorouse Leivt at Whitehall 20 
Dec: 1. The Beggars at Whitehall 20 
9 A King & no King at Whitehall 20 
15 the Mayden Queene at Whitehall 20” 


(e) Warrant dated June 30, 1687, for plays acted from Jan. 3, 
1686/7 to May 16, 1687 (id. p. 361). 


“1686 His Mates Bill from y® Theatres 
January 3 The fond Husband at Whitehall £20 
to ©The Orphan at Whitehall 20 
19 The Rover at Whitehall 20 
20 The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maydes 
of Hono? at y® Rehearsall 15 
26 Rolo at Whitehall 20 
1687 
Aprill 6: The King & Queene & a Box for y® Maides 
of Hono? at y® Maides Tragedy i5 
tr The Spanish Curate at Whitehall 20 
18 Julius Caesar at Whitehall 20 
25 The Island Princes at Whitehall 20 
May y® 9 King Lear at Whitehall 20 
12 The King at y® Mistress 10 
16: Valentinian at Whitehall 2Ou 


(f) Warrant dated April 3, 1688, for plays acted from Jan. 31, 
1687/8, to Feb. 27, 1687/8 (L.C. 5/148, p. 145). 


“1687 
January 31: The Villaine at Whitehall £20 
February 6. The Double Marriage at Whitehall 20 


13. The Beggars Bush at Whitehall 20 
20 The History of King Lear at Whitehall 20 
27 The Humerous Leivetenant at Whitehall 20 


314 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


(g) Warrant dated Jan. 2, 1689/90, for plays acted in May, 
Nov. and Dec. 1689 (L.C. 5/149, p. 368). 


“71689. Theire Ma®® Bill from the Theatres. 
May the 28: The Queene a Box, and a Box for the Maids 
of Hono? at the Spanish Fryer £15 
31 St Courtly Nice Acted by the Queenes 
Command 10 
Nov' the 7 The Queen a Box & a Box for the Maids 
of Hono? at y® Masacre of Paris 15 
15 The Joviall Crew acted at Whitehall 20 
Dect: the 42 The Queen a Box, and a Box for the Maids 
Hono? at Don Sebastian King of 
Portugall Dane 


(hk) Warrant for plays acted in Jan. 1689/90, April, Oct. and 
Nov. 1690, Feb. 1690/1, Jan. and Feb. 1691/2, Nov. 1692 and 


Jan. 1692/3 (L.C. 5/151, p. 369). 


16895 
Jan™ 162 


y® Queen a Box & a Box for y® Maids 
Hont Alex4 


(cancelled) 1690 Y® Queene a Box & a Box for y® Maids 


Apr. 30% 
Apr 30 1690 
Octo? 21 
Nov. 4¢) 

r7t 
Febt 4th 
Jan™ 1694 7% 
Feb gth 
Nov: 14% 
Feb 16 


1693 Jan? 13 


Hono? Amphytrion 

Acted at White-hall S™ Courtley 

Ye Q: a Box & a Box for y® Maids 
Hon? Amphitrion 

at Whitehall Rover 

y® Qa Box & a Box for y® Maids Honot 
Prophetess 

y® Q a Box & a Box for y® Maids Hon™ 
Edward 3 

y® Q a Box & a Box for y® Maids Hont 
K Arthur 

y® Q a Box & a Box for y® Maids Hont 
Orphan 

y® Q: a Box & a Box for y® Maids Hont 
Henry 2 

y® Qa Box & a Box for y® Maids Hont 
Fairy Queen 

y® Qa Box & a Box for y® Maids of Hont 
double dealer 


II. PLays BELONGING TO THE COMPANIES. 


1. Plays allotted to D’Avenant (Dec. 12, 1660). In 
“Sr Will. Dauenant Acting Playes.” 


“Whereas S? William Davenant, Knight hath humbly p'sented to us 
a proposition of reformeinge some of the most ancient Playes that were 
playd at Blackfriers and of makeinge them, fitt, for the Company of 
Actors appointed vnder his direction and Comand, Viz: the playes called 
the Tempest, Measures, for Measures, Much adoe about nothinge, 
Rome and Juliet, Twelfe night, the Life of Kinge Henry the Eyght, the 
Sophy, Kinge Lear, the Tragedy of Mackbeth, the Tragedy of Hamlet 
prince of Denmarke, and the Dutchesse of Malfy, Therefore wee haue 


margin 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 315 


granted vnto the sayd S' William Dauenant, liberty to represent the 
playes aboue named by the Actors vnder his comand, notwithstandinge 
any Warrant to the contrary, formerly granted.’’? The warrant proceeds to 
forbid any but D’Avenant’s actors to present these plays, and declares 
that he should also have the right in his own works. A note is then in- 
serted regarding the passing over of actors from one company to another, 
and the warrant closes by granting D’Avenant two months right in “The 
Mad Lover, The Mayd in y® Mill, the Spanish Curate the Loyall Subject 
Rule are and haue a Wife and Persiles prince of Tyre.” (L.C. 5/137, 
P. 343. 


2. Plays allotted to D’ Avenant (Aug. 20, 1668). 


“Playes allowed to be acted by his Royall Highnesse y® Duke of Yorkes 


Comoedians 

The Poetaster 

Cupids Reuenge 

Timon of Athens 

Troyolus and Crisseida 

Three parts of H: y® 6: 

The honest mans fortune 

Woemen pleas’d 

Witt at Seuerall Weapons 

The Woemen Hater or The hungry 
Courtier 

All fooles 

Birons Conspiracy 

Broken heart 


Bird in a Cage 

Chabot Admirall of ffranse 

ffaithfull Shepheard (Shepheardesse 
in L.C. 5/12) 

Herod and Antipater 

Humor out of breath 

Jealous Louers 

Loues Melancholy 

Muliasses the Turke 

Queene of Arragon 

Reuenge of Bussy D’Ambois 

Reuenge for Honor 


This is the list of the playes allowed to His Royall Highnesse Actors 
and none other has right to them Aug. 202 1668.” Signed, Manchester. 


(L.C. 5/139, p. 375.) 


3. Plays allotted to Killigrew (c. Jan. 12, 1668/9). 


“Plays Acted at the Theatre Royall. 


A Catalogue of part of His Mates Servants Playes as they were formerly 
acted at the Blackfryers & now allowed of to his Ma‘®* Servants at y® 


New Theatre 
Everyman in his Humour 
Everyman out of his Humour 
Cyntheas Revells 
Sejanus 
The ffox 
The Silent Weoman 
The Alchymist 
Catalin 
Bartholomew ffayre 
Staple of Newes 
The Devills an Asse 
Magnitick Lady 
Tale of a Tubb 
New Inn 
Beggers Bush 
Bonduca 
Custome of y® Country 


The Captaine 

The Chances 

The Coxcombe 

The Double Marriage 
The ffrench Lawyer 
The ffalse One 

The fayre Mayd of y® Inn 
The Humorous Leiv* 
The Island Princes 
The Knights of Malta 
The Loyall Subject 
The Lawes of Candye 
Loves Progresse 

The Winters Tale 
King John 

Richard the Second 
Loues Cure 


316 


Loues Pilgrimage 

The Noble Gentlemen 
The Nice Valour 

The Prophetesse 

The Marshall Mayd 

The Pilgrim 

The Queene of Corinth 
The Spanish Curate 

The Sea Voyage 
Valentinian 

The Weomans Prize 

A Wife for a Moneth 

The Wyd Goose-Chase 
The Elder Brother 

The ffaythfull Shephardesse 
A King & noe King 

The Maydes Tragedie 
Phylaster 

Rollo Duke of Normandy 
The Scornefull Lady 
Thiery & Theodorat 

Rule a Wife & haue a Wife 
The Gentlemen of Verona 
The Merry Wives of Windsor 
The Comoedy of Errors 
Loves Labour Lost 
Midsomer Nights Dreame 
The Merchant of Venice 
As you like it 

The Tameing of y® Shrew 
Alls well y* ends well 
Henry y® fourth 

The Second part 

The Royall Slaue 

Richard y® Third 
Coriolanus 

Andronicus 


DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


Julius Ceaser 

The Moore of Venice 
Anthony & Clopatra 
Cymbelyne 

The Doubtfull Heire 

The Impostor 

The Brothers 

The Sisters 

The Cardinall 

The Duke of Lerma 

The Duke of Millan 
Alphonso 

The vnnaturall Cumbat 
The Gardian 

Aglaura 

Arviragus & Philitia 15t pt. 
Arviragus & Philitia 2d pt. 
The Spartan Ladyes 

The Bashfull Lover 

Bussy D’Amboys 
Brenoralt 

Country Captaine 

The Variety 

The Emperour of y® East 
The Deserveing flavorett 
The Goblins 

The ffatall Dowry 

The Lost Lady 

The Devell of Edmonton 
More Desemblers then Weomen 
The Mayor of Quinborough 
The Northen Lasse 

The Novella 

Osmond y® Great Turke 
The Roman Actor 

The Widdow 

The Widdows Teares”’ 


(L.C. 5/12, p. 212.) 


III. REFERENCES TO PARTICULAR PERFORMANCES. 


1. For the warrant for payment of {£20 to John Rhodes in 
respect of a performance of Ignoramus at Court, Nov. 1, 1662, see 
Appendix A, p. 278. 

2. “A Warrant to the Master of the Great Wardrobe to prouide 
and deliuer to Thomas Killigrew Esqr to the value of forty pounds 
in silkes for to cloath the Musick for the play called the Indian 
Queene to bee acted before their Ma‘ Jan. 25™ 1663” (Ze. 
1663/4; L.C. 5/138, p. 15). 

3. Order to deliver, to Monsieur Grabut “‘such of the Scenes 
remayning in the Theatre at Whitehall as shalbe vsefull for the 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 317 


french Opera at the Theatre in Bridges Street.”” These Grabut is 
ai to return within fourteen days, Mar. 27, 1674 (L.C. 5/140, 
P- 456). 

A letter to Killigrew demanding the return of the scenes is in 
L.C. 5/140, p. 471, dated April 27, 1674. 

Statement regarding dancers: “In his Mates Letters Patents 
for erecting the two Theaters There is a Clause That One house 
shall not entertaine any person that are before entertained in the 
other House without leaue or a discharge giuen by y® house where 
they were first entertained 

It was affirmed by Mr Lacy that he had agreed with Mt Grabu 
that the ffrench Danceing Masters should dance at y® Kings 
Theatre & that they should haue Tenn Shillings a day for every 
day they did dance 

It is further affirmed by M* Killegrew Mr Hart & Mr Lacy 
that they did agree with y® Six dancers for fiue shillings aday 
whether they did dance or not, & this agreemt Testified by two 
Wittnesses ready to take theire Oathes 

That Accordingly for two Monethes together they practiced 
theire Dances, had in y® end theire Clothes made fitt for them & 
theire Money carryed to them according to y® agreem*. 

The Dancers did not accept of theire Money alledging they had 
made noe binding agreemt nor could, by reason of a former one 
they had with Mt Grabu which did not leaue them at Liberty to 
make any They farther say that when they treated with Mr’ Kille- 
grew, they Gaue an Intimacon of this agreem‘ but prove it not 
& those on Mr Killegrewe’s side vtterly deny that any such thing 
was alleaded 

Mon* Grabu was often at theire practising, &...therefore very 
probably not Ignorant of y® agreemt that had beene made betweene 
them & Mr? Killegrew. May y® Second 1674” (L.C. 5/140; in index 
at end among letters NOPQ). 

Order regarding these: ‘“‘I doe hereby Order that Mt Pecurr 
Mr Le Temps M: Shenan and Mr D’muraile ffrench Dancers in 
the late Opera doe attend M* Killegrew Master of His Mates 
Comoedians in His Mates Theatre Royall & observe & performe 
his Comands according to agreem* betweene them...6: day of 


May 1674” (L.C. 5/140, p. 472). 


4. Order to musicians to attend at the Theatre in Whitehall 
“‘at such tymes as Madam Le Roch & Mr’ Paisible shall appoynt 
for y* practiceing of such Musick as is to be in y® ffrench Comedy 
to be acted before His Mae on y® Nyne & twentieth of May 
instant,’ May 22, 1677. (L.C. 5/142, p. 38.) 


318 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


The Theatre was ordered to be prepared for a play on this day; 
it may be that the French opera, Rare en Tout, was performed then. 
(L.C. 5/142, p. 40.) 

5. “It is his Mattes pleasure that Mt Turner & Mr? Hart or 
any other Men or Boyes belonging to His Mat!es Chappell Royall 
that sing in ye Tempest at His Royall Highnesse Theatre doe 
remaine in Towne all the Weeke (dureing his Mattes absence from 
Whitehall) to performe that service, only Saterdayes to repaire 
to Windsor & to returne to London on Mundayes if there be 
occacon for them And that (they) also performe y® like Service in 
y° Opera in y® said Theatre or any other thing in y® like Nature 
where their helpe may be desired.”” May 16,1674. (L.C.5/15,p.3.) 


6. Order for Rule a Wife and Have a Wife to be given at Court 
on Nov. 15, with command that the actors and the music should 
be ready “‘'That y® King may not stay for them.” Nov. 11, 1682. 
(L.C. 5/144, p- 303-) 

7. “These are to require you to Act the Play called the Tragedy 
of Valentinian at Court before His Ma® upon Munday night next 
being the Eleaventh of this moneth.” Feb. 6, 1683/4. Addressed 
to actors of T.R. (L.C. 7/1; and L.C. 5/145, p. 14.) 

“These are to signify unto you His Maes Pleasure That you 
give order for Candles, & all other usuall Allowances of Bread, 
Beere, Wine and Coales to bee deliuered unto John Clarke Keeper 
of the Theatre in Whitehall for the use of His Maes Comoedians 
who are to act a Play at Court on Munday night next being the 
Eleaventh of ffebruary instant And that you give order for Coales 
for ayreing the Play house the day before.” Feb. 9, 1683/4; 
to the Duke of Ormond, Lord Steward. (L.C. 7/1.) 

8. Order to pay Betterton {20 for ‘‘the King & Queenes Mattes 
Seeing the Play called Alexander at the Theatre Royall.” Dec. 19, 
1685. (L.C. 5/147, p. 52.) 

g. Order to pay M's Barry £20 “for the Play called the Em- 
perour of the Moone acted before His Mate.”? Dec. 20, 1687. 
(L.C. 5/148, p. 59-) 

10. Order to pay Crowne £20 “‘as a quift from His Mate for 
His Play called St Courtley Nice.” Jan. 9, 1687/8. (L.C. 5/148, 
p- 64.) 

11. Order to pay Crowne £20 “‘as a quift from His Mate for 
seeing His Play called Darius King of Persia.” May 8, 1688. 
(L.C. 5/148, p. 195.) 

12. Order to pay Mrs Barry £25 for “‘the Spanish Fryar, or 
the double discovery” acted before Her Majesty. June 8, 1689. 
(L.C, 5/149, p. 154.) 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 319 


13. Order for a large looking glass to be employed in Sir 
Courtley Nice that evening. April 30, 1690. (L.C. 5/150, p. 74.) 

14. Order to pay M's Barry £25 for “Circe” acted by command. 
Nov. 7, 1690. (L.C. 5/150, p. 170.) 

[An order had been given on Oct. 18 to get the Theatre ready 
for a play on Nov. 4, the King’s birthday (#d. p. 156); on this 
occasion a new orange colour curtain was provided (id. p. 164) 
and eight cane stools (¢d. p. 164).] 


15. Order to pay William ‘‘Monfort” {10 for “Edward ye 
Third acted before Her Mat®.” Oct. 10, 1691. (L.C. 5/150, p. 306.) 


16. Order to pay M's Barry £25 for “‘y® Orphan or ye Unhappy 
Marriage.” Mar. 3, 1691/2. (L.C. 5/151, p. 30.) 

17. Order to pay M'* Barry {25 for Caius Marius. June 10, 
1693. (L.C. 5/151, p. 242.) 

18. Order to pay Mr Barry {£25 for “ye old Batchelor.” 
April 16, 1694. (L.C. 5/151, p. 352.) 

19. Documents relating to the Court Masque of Calisto. 

(a) Order to deliver to Henry Harris, Yeoman of the Revels, 
“Two Habitts or dresses for two Shepheardes: Eight Habitts or 
dresses for Eight Satyrs: Eight habitts or dresses to represent 
y® Winds: Six habitts for Six Soldiers,” the masque to be given 
at Christmas. Sept. 27, 1674. (L.C. 5/141, p. 74.) 

(6) Order to give Phillipp Kinnersley, Yeoman of the Wardrobe, 
“‘a Curtaine of Blew Red & White in Breadthes of Stuffe of what 
kind you thinke fitt to fall downe before the Stage in y® Theatre 
in Whitehall.” Nov. 3, 1674. (Id. p. 77.) 

(c) Order to set lights in the Theatre, and to heat the tiring 
rooms and pit for rehearsals on Saturday, Tuesday and Thursday 
nights. Nov. 28, 1674. (Id. p. 74.) 

(d) Order to provide to same “Eight Dozen of Wall Tynn 
Sconces for His Mates Service in y® Theatre in Whitehall And 
also that you cause Lattices to looke through to be made in y® 
Curtaine that is to fall downe before the Stage there.” Dec. 7, 
1674. (Id. p. 77.) 

(e) Order for fire shovels for masque. Dec. 15, 1674. (Id. 

. 82.) 
5 (f) Order to deliver to Henry Harris “ Habitts to represent the 
foure parts of the world, habitts for foure Aeriall spiritts habitts 
for foure glorious spiritts habitts to represent the Thames, peace, 
and plenty one habitt for the Genius of the Countrey, one habit 
for Mrs Blake habitts for fiue Shepheards habitts for Eight 
Bacchusses habitts for Eight Affricans habitts for Two Shepheards 
and two Shepheardesses for the Chorus, ffiue habitts for fhue 


320 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


Baskes habitts for fiue Sea Gods, a habitt for one shepheardesse 
that sings, Six sleight habitts for boyes in the Clouds, habitts 
for foure Cupids Twelue habitts more for Countrey workemen 
to fitt twelue dancing Misters.” Dec. 15, 1674. (Id. p. 83.) 

(g) Warrant for ribbons to hang on the curtain. Jan. 15, 1674/5. 
(Id. p. 102.) 

(z) Order to provide for the masque “A coppy of the play for 
the Queene, a coppy for the Lady Mary, A coppy for the Lady 
Mary and the Lady Anne, A coppy to correct vpon all occasions, 
a coppy of the prologue, and all the songs for Mt Staggins, and 
also...soe many printed bookes of the Maske and bound after 
such manner as Mt Crowne who is the Auther shall giue you an 
account shalbe necessary.”’ These to be delivered to Crowne and 
distributed by him. Feb. 13, 1674/5. (Id. p. 127; and p. 556, 
where the words ‘‘for the Lady Mary” are deleted.) 


(¢) Ladyes in the Maske. 1674 (Attendants 
Lady Mary 4 [The names of the atten- 
dants are given in the MS. 
but it was thought neces- 
sary to give only the 

numbers of them here.] 
Lady Anne 


Pages of y® Backstairs 
Lady Pembrooke 
Lady Henrietta Wentworth 
Lady Mary Mordant 
Lady Derby 
Lady Dacy 
Lady Herbert 
Mrs Blake 
M’: ffrasier 
Ms Jenings 


WNNHNNWR DN DB 


Lords and Gentlemen 
Duke of Monmouth 2 and a “Barber” and 
“two footemen”’ 
Lord Denncourt I 
Lord Donblayne I 


Mr Orpe 

M:? Lane 

M! Trevor 
M? Leonard 
M! ffranshaw 


HH Re N N 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 321 


Singers 
M"? Davies I 
M" Knight 
M’s Butler I 
M’ Blunt 
M* Masters 
M! Price 
M? Hart Maxfield 
Tanner Preston 
Richardson Letelier (4) boyes 
Marsh Bopins 
fford Bury 
Robert — 
Degrang — 
Shepheard a 
2 Harpiscalls 2 Theorboes 3 Base Violls 4 Recorders 4 Gittars 
4 Trumpetterrs 33 Violins 


cal 


Dancers 
St Andre Motley 
Isaack Berto 
Delisle Letang 
Herriette Muraile 
Dyer Le Roy 
Smyth Le Duke 


(L.C. 5/141, p. 546.) 


(j) Orders giving places for people of “good quality,” those of 
“lesser quality” to go to the gallery (7d. p. 549). 

(Rk) For the order regarding the stage and scenery (id. p. 551),. 
see supra, p. 43. 

(2) Various orders: for ‘‘twenty garlands” and 20 habits for 
20 violins “like Indian gownes” but not so full (Jan. 26, 1674/5; 
id. p. 553); for two presses for clothes (Jan. 28; zd. p. 553); for 
37 cases of flannel to wrap up “the rich habitts” (Feb. 9; id. 
P- 554); for 10 brasiers to warm the actors (Feb. 9; zd. p. 554); 
for habitts for some of the musicians (Feb. 12; id. p. 555); for 
custody of clothes (Feb. 15; zd. p. 555); for bread and wine 
during rehearsals (Jan. 28; id. p. 555); for 60 yards of cherry- 
coloured ‘‘ Avinion,” 30 yards of white, 130 yards of ‘‘ Auraina,” 
30 yards of Green, 1 yard of sky-coloured, 84 yards of “‘silver 
Gawes,” 6 yards of “‘gold gawes” and 4 pieces of “'Tinsey 
Ribon” (Jan. 19; zd. p. 556); for a shepherd’s costume for 
Mr Richardson (April 13; 7d. p. 556). 


NRD al 


322 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


(m) Accounts for Calisto “‘Pro diversis necessarijs pro usu et 
servitio.,..Regis in Le Maske apud Whitehall” are preserved in 
L.C. 9/112. 


IV. RoyaL ORDERS RELATING TO THE GOVERNING 
OF THE THEATRES. 


1. Entrance to Playhouses. 

(a) ‘‘Whereas Wee are informed that diverse persons doe 
rudely presse and with evill Language and Blows force theire 
wayes into the two Theatres at the times of theire publique 
Representations, and Acting wttout paying the prizes established, 
to the greate disturbance of Our Servants lycenced by Our Au- 
thority....Our Will and pleasure therefore is...that no person of 
what Quality soever presume rudely or by force to come into 
either of the two Theatres till the Playes are quite finished... 
notwithstanding theire pretended previledge by custome of 
forceing theire Entrance at the fourth or fifth Acts without Pay- 
ment.” Dec. 7, 1663. (L.C. 7/1; and L.C. 5/138, last page.) 

(6) A printed order regarding entrance, dated Feb. 2 in the 
26th year of Charles II, is contained in L.C. 7/3. This reiterates 
the order regarding payment, and commands “‘(to avoid future 
Fraud) That none hereafter shall enter the Pit, First, or Upper 
Gallery, without delivering to the respective Door-keeper the 
Ticket or Tickets which they received for their Money paid at 
the first Door.”’ No person shall be allowed to sit on the stage or 
come “‘ within the scenes.” 

(c) “Itis His Maes Pleasure that no person whatsoever presume 
to come betweene the Scenes at the Royall Theatre dureing the 
time of Actinge....And that in no case whatsoever any person do 
presume to sitt upon the Stage or stand there dureing the time 
of Actinge.” Jan. 18, 1686/7. (L.C. 7/1.) 


2. General Orders relating to Actors, etc. 


(a) ‘‘Itis His Maes pleasure according to a Clause in His Maes 
Letters patents for erecting the two Companies for the two 
Theatres That no person whatsoever that are hired or anywaies 
entertained by any Bargaine or Agreement or hath acted or 
practiced either in His Ma*s Theatre or His Royal Highnesses 
Theatre shall depart from either the said Theatres without giving 
three Moneths warninge And that neither of the said Theatres 
do entertaine hire or desire to act or practice any person that hath 
beene soe entertained in any waies as aforesaid at the other 
Theatre.” May 16, 1674. (L.C. 7/1 and L.C. 5/15, p. 2.) 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 323 


(5) For the later orders of 1695, see supra, Appendix A, 
Pp. 300-4. 


3. Particular Orders relating to the Conduct of Actors. 


(a) A complaint made to the House of Lords that an affront 
had been offered to a peer in the playhouse; consequent suspension 
of players until the pleasure of the House of Lords be known. 
Dec. 16, 1691. (L.C. 5/150, p. 340.) 

Order for re-commencement of acting. Dec. 19, 1691. (Jd. 
P- 345-) 

(For other orders regarding suspension of actors see Appendix A.) 

(6) Order to Betterton and patentees: ‘“‘Severall persons of 
Quality having made Complaint to me that the Musick belonging 
to yo Theatre behave themselves disrespectfully towards them, 
by wearing their Hats on both in the Playhouse and upon the 
Stage; These are therefore to Require you, to give orders that for 
y°® future they take care to be uncovered.” Feb. 20, 1698/9. 
(L.C. 5/152, p. 163.) 

4. Licences to various Companies. 

(a) For Rhodes’ licence (L.C. 5/138, p. 387) see supra, 
Appendix A, p. 278; and for Bedford’s (L.C. 5/12, p. 185) see 
supra, Appendix A, p. 279. 

(6) “On Sealed paper of forty shillings Charles Earle of Dorsett 
and Midds Lord Chamberlaine of His Mates Houshold one of 
His Mates most hono!® Privy Councill & Knight of y® most 
Noble Order of the Garter &c. In pursuance of His Maes Pleasure 
& Comand giuen vnto mee herein, I doe hereby give and grant 
full Power Lycence and Authority vnto Thomas. Betterton, 
Elizabeth Barry, Anne Bracegirdle, John Bowman, Joseph 
Williams, Cave Vnderhill Thomas Doggett, W™ Bowen, Susan 
Verbruggen, Eilanor Leigh, George Bright, His Ma*s Sworne 
Servants & Comoedians, in Ordinary, and the Major part of them, 
their Agents, & Servant, from time to time, in any convenient 
place or Places, to Act and represent, all and all manner of 
Comedyes, & Tragedyes, Playes Enterludes, & Opera’s, and to 
performe all other Theatricall & Musicall Enterteynments, of 
what kind soever, But so as to bee allwayes vnder my government 
& Regulation, from time to times as hath been Exercised by my 
ptdecessors.” Mar. 25, 1695. (L.C. 7/1; also in 7/3.) 

Order relating to the government of L.I.F. This recites the 
granting of the Licence to the actors mentioned above and pro- 
ceeds 

“And Whereas y® said Thomas Betterton Eliz: Barry Anne 


21-2 


324 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


Bracegirdle John Verbrugen John Bowman Caue Underhill 
George Bright and Elizabeth Leigh haue taken y® Tennis Court 
in Little Lincolns Inne Feilds and paid a greate fine and doe pay 
a Great rent for ye same and at an Extraordt Charge & Expence 
haue converted y® same into a Theatre or Playhouse where they 
now act Comedies Tragedies &c 

And further the said parties being necessited to provide every 
thing anew for the Carrying on soe Great an undertakeing as all 
variety of Cloath’s Forreigne-habitts Scoenes properties &c which 
must be paid out of the publique Receipts by the Persons aboue 
named proportionable to the severall Shares & proportions each 
of them haue in y® proffitts of the said playhouse 

It is therefore resolued and agreed by the Concent of y® whole 
Company that the Shares doe never exceed the number of Tenn 

It is further Resolued and agreed that every whole sharer 
dyeing or quitting the Company fairely shall after ye Expiration 
of fiue yeares from the Establishmt of the Company haue the 
summe of One hundred payd him or his Executor after his Death 
by the rest of the Sharers at Two Equall payments within the 
space of Three month’s after his Death or Quitting the Company 
as Theire interest and due for theire Shares in Cloaths Scenes 
Properties &c ‘That is to say the summe of Twenty pounds to a 
whole sharer for the first yeare, Twenty pounds more for y® 
second Yeare and soe on to One hundred pound’s at y® fiue 
Yeares End And soe to all other parts of shares in proportion to 
a whole share 

But in Consideration of the great Expences y® first three yeares 
being more then reasonable can be supposed for the like 
Terme to come It is agreed that any whole Sharer dyeing at or 
after the Expiration of Three Yeares shall haue the summe of 
One hundred pounds payd His Executor as well & fully as if the 
whole Terme of Fiue yeares was Expired so in proportion to 
every under Sharer That is to say this payment to be made upon 
no other account but the Death of the party 

If any sharer be made incapable of His Business in the Company 
by sickness or any other accident every whole sharer so disabled 
shall haue forty shillings p week allowed him every Week the 
Company shall Act And every Person under the degree of a whole 
sharer shall haue an allowance in proportion to his part of a 
Share he then enjoyed when he was so disabled. 

If any Sharer shall hereafter be receiued into any proportion 
of Share he shall be obliged to signe the said Articles... 

If any sharer be adjudged incapable of acting he shall not be 
obliged to acquitt his share and take the Salary provided in that 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 325 


Case above mentioned before a T'welue Month be Expired in 
which space [written over “place”] of a Twelue month if he 
recover so as to attend his Business as formerly he shall then 
enjoy his share as formerly 

If any hyred Servant whose Salary Exceeds Twenty Shillings 
the Week be made incapable of his Business by sickness or any 
other accident on the Stage he shall haue such a Weekly allowance 
proportionable to his Salary as the Majority of the Sharers shall 
Settle upon him. 

If any Actor in Share or Sallary shall Quitt this Company and 
afterwards shall by Acting or otherwise assist any other Company 
he shall be incapable of receiueing any Benefitt of these Articles 
And alsoe every Actor Quitting the said Company shall be obliged 
to giue sufficient Security for his performing the Conditions of 
this Article before he shall receiue his proportion of Cloaths &c 

It is further agreed by the Concent of y® whole Company that 
as the number of Sharers are not to Exceed Tenn so no person 
shall haue any proportion of aboue one share in consideration of 
Acting.” Signed by Betterton, Verbruggen, Bowman, Underhill, 
Bright, Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle, Mrs Leigh. 


(L.C, 9/1; and 7/3.) 


V. WARRANTS FOR GRANTING Livery TO ACTORS. 
(The substance of the following is given in Appendix A.) 


1. “‘A Warrant to the Master of the Greate Wardrobe to pro- 
vide and deliver unto His Maes Players whose names follow (vizt) 
Nicholas Burt Charles Hart Michaell Mohun Robert Shatterell, 
John Lacy, William Wintershall Walter Clunn William Cart- 
wright Edward Shotterell Eduard Kynnaston Richard Baxter 
Thomas Loveday, Thomas Batterton and Marmaduke Watson 
to each of them foure yards of Bastard Scarlett for a Cloake and 
to each of them a quarter of a yard of Crimson Velvett for the 
Cape of itt being the usuall Allowance of every second yeare to 
commence at October last past.” July 29, 1661. (L.C. 7/1; and 
L.C. 5/137; p- 31-) 

2. Warrant for liveries to Clun, Cartwright, Wintersell, Mohun, 
Robert Shatterell, Hart, Baxter, Blagden, Loveday, Kinaston, 
Burt, and Bird, as Queen’s actors. Feb. 5, 1661 (probably 
1661/2). (L.C. 5/137, p. 43-) 

3. Warrant as above for liveries to Hart, Mohun, Lacy, Bird, 
Birt, Robert Shatterell, Clunn, Wintersell, Cartwright, Kinas- 
ton, Blagden, Watson, Hancock, Baxter, Edward Shatterell, 


326 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


Gradwell as His Majesty’s players. May 30, 1662. (L.C. 5/138, 

ATS. 
ane same as Queen’s players. Dec. 29, 1663. (Jd. p. 10.) 

4. Warrant for liveries to Hart, Mohun, Lacy, Birt, Burt, 
Robert Shatterell, Clunne, Wintersell, Cartwright, Kinaston, 
Blagden, Watson, Hancock, Baxter, Edward Shatterell and 
Thomas Tanner, as Queen’s actors. Nov. 4, 1662. (L.C. 5/137, 

ERS) 

i The same as His Majesty’s players, same date. (Id. p. 173.) 

5. Warrant for liveries to Hart, Mohun, Lacy, Bird, Birt, 
Robert Shatterell, Clunn, Wintersell, Cartwright, Kinnaston, 
Blagden, Watson, Hancock, Baxter, Edward Shatterell and 
Gradwell, as His Majesty’s players. Feb. 25, 1665/6. (L.C. 

The same as the Queen’s actors, same date. (Id. p. 65.) 

6. Warrant for liveries for Hart, Loueday, Mohun, Lacy, 
Batiman [Bird, deleted, Loveday and Batiman insertions], 
Birt, Robert Shatterell [Clunn deleted], Wintersell, Cartwright, 
Kinnaston [Blagden deleted], Watson, Hancock, [Baxter and 
Edward Shatterell deleted], Gradewell. Feb. 8, 1667 (probably 
1667/8; the month is written over “May July 18” deleted). 
(L.C. 5/138, p. 271.) 

7. Warrant for liveries to Hart, Mohun, Wintersell, Cart- 
wright, Kinnaston, Robert Shatterell, Lacey, Bird, Bell, Hughes, 
Harris, Haynes, Wattson, Shirley, Liddall, Graydon, as Queen’s 
actors. Oct. 2, 1669. (L.C. 5/119.) 

The same as His Majesty’s players, same date. (Id.) 


8 (a) Warrant for liveries to 16 actors as His Majesty’s players, 
and to the same as Queen’s players. Oct. 23, 1673. (L.C. 5/140, 


- 353-) 

(6) The same as King’s and Queen’s players. Mar. 29, 1675, 
(L.C. 5/141, p. 147.) 

(c) The same as King’s and Queen’s players. April 30, 1678. 
(L.C. 5/143, p. 72.) 

g. ‘‘A warrant to prouide and deliuer to Mt# Weauer, Mrs Mar- 
shall Mrs Rutter Mrs Yates Mts Nepp M's Dalton Ellen Gwyn 
Eliz: Hall ffransis Dauenport and Anne Child Weomen Comoe- 
dians in his Mattes Theatre Royall vnto each of them foure yards 
of bastard scarlet cloath and one quarter of a yard of veluett for 
their liveries.” June 30, 1666. (L.C. 5/138, p. 71.) 

10. Warrant for liveries to [Mrs Weaver deleted] Mrs Marshall 
Mrs Rutter [Mrs Yates deleted] Mrs Nep [Mrs Dalton deleted] 


a 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 327 


Ellen Gwyn [Elizabeth Hall deleted] ffrancis Davenport [in 
margin, Elizabeth and Jane; Anne Child deleted]. Feb. 8, 1667 
(probably 1667/8; the date is written over ‘‘July 22t®”). (L.C. 
5/138, p. 271.) 

11. Warrant for liveries to Mrs Marshall, Mrs Cory, Ellin 
Gwynn, Mrs Kneepe, Mrs Rutter, Mrs Hues, Mrs Davenport, 
and Mrs Yackley. Oct. 2, 1669. (L.C. 5/119.) 

12. (a) Warrant for liveries to 11 ‘‘'Weomen Comoedians.” 
Oct. 23, 1673. (L.C. 5/140, p. 353.) 

(6) The same to 11 women comedians. Mar. 29, 1675. (L.C. 
5/141, Pp. 147.) 

(c) The same to 11 women comedians. April 30, 1678. (L.C. 
5/143, P- 72.) 

13. “It is His Maes pleasure that Mt Mohun Mr Hart, and Mr 
Kynnaston bee continually furnished at the charge of the Master 
and Company of His Ma®* Comoedians with the perticulers fol- 
lowing unto each of them in such proportion as they are here 
sett downe (vizt) 

Two perruques to begin with for the first yeare 

One perruque yearely afterwards to begin a yeare hence 

Two Cravatts yearely 

One Lace or point Band in two yeares the first band to be now 
provided. 

Three paire of Silke Stockins yearely 

Four paire of Shooes yearely 

Three Hatts yearely 

Two plumes of feathers yearely 

Three Shirts with Cuffs to them yearely.” Mar. 6, 1671/2. 
(L.C. 7/1; and L.C. 5/140, p. 5.) 


VI. DocuMENTS RELATING TO THE ARTICLES OF UNION. 


Most of the entries relating to this are given in Appendix A. 
The following Petition of Mohun is the only interesting one 
omitted. 


“Mr Mohun To the Kings most Excellent Mate 
pet. The humble petition of Michaell 
Mohun, One of yot Mates Actors at 
the Theatre Royall 
Sheweth 


That yor pet™ hath faithfully served yot Mate & Father (of 
ever Blessed Memory) 48 yeares in y® quality of an Actor, and in 
all ye Warrs in England & Ireland & at y® Seege of Dublin was 


328 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


desperately wounded & 13 monethes a Prisoner, and after that 
yor pet? served yor Mate in y® Regmt of Dixmea‘ in Flaunders 
& came over with yot Mate into England where yor Sacred Pleasure 
was that he should Act againe, as he hath ever since vpon all 
Occasions continued That it being yot Mates Pleasure to reduce 
the two companyes into one yor pet? is deprived of his share and 
quarter in y® Scenes Clothes & playes (that cost about 4000!! 
by Mr Charles Killegrew who has rented them to Mt Davenant 
for a share (as yor pet? is informed) and tells him if yo™ pet™ hath 
any right theirto he must gett it by law. And instead of a share & 
quarter we yor pet? had formerly in yor Mates Company for 
Acting he is now only proffered 20% a day when they haue occasion 
to vse him, soe that they haueing not studyed Our Playes nor yot 
pet? therein he cannot conceaue the same will amount to aboue 
2041 p an° Wherefore yot pet™ most humbly prayes That yo 
Mate will be graciously pleased to Order the p™sent Company to 
allow him the same Conditions as Mt Hart and Mr? Kinaston 
haue, (whos Shares were all equall before) whereby he may be 
enabled to support himselfe & 5 children And yor pet? shall as in 
duty bond pray &c. 


M' Mohun It is His Mates pleasure & Comand, That ye 
Order Persons concerned in Mannageing the concernes 

& proffitts of the playes at ye Royall Theatre & His Royall High- 
nesse ‘Theatre (being now Vnited into one Company) Doe give 
and allow vnto Mt Michell Mohun, the same Conditions which 
they allow vnto Mr Hart & Mr Kinniston (theire shares haueing 


beene equall formerly Arlington Whitehall November 
23. 1682 
M" Mohun Vpon the former Petition of Mt Mich: Mohun 
Order it was againe thus Ordered. 


It is His Mates pleasure That theire Mates Comoedians doe 
giue an allowance to Mt Michaell Mohun the same allowance for 
his Weekely Pension, and for his Acting, as is allowed & giuen 
vnto Mr Charles Hart the same to Comence from the three & 
twentieth day of November last & to be imployed p'sently, & to 
haue his owne parts to Act: This Order to be without Consequence 
to any others Given vnder my hand this 5 day of December 1682 
in the 34'» yeare of His Mates Reigne.” (L.C. 5/191.) 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 329 


VII. DocuMENTs RELATING TO PARTICULAR ACTORS. 


(For the warrants creating several actors and actresses His 
Majesty’s Servants, see Appendix A, pp. 293-8.) 


1. Order for warrant granting the place of Yeoman of the 
Revels to Henry Harris, payment to commence on June 24, 1663. 
Feb. 20, 1663/4. (L.C. 5/138, p. 388; there seems to have been 
some doubt as to his actual appointment as in L.C. 5/138, p. 280, 
is an order for a warrant for the same post, dated Mar. 3, 1667. 
On April 4, 1667, an order was issued stopping payment to him 
until further notice (L.C. 5/138, p. 369). In L.C. 7/1 appears a 
list of officers of the Revels; in which appears ‘“‘Henry Harris 
Yeoman in Mt Caryes place sworne Aug: 6: 1663:) 

2. Certificate that Haynes and Mrs Elizabeth Roch are His 
Majesty’s servants. Apr. 14, 1679. (L.C. 5/143, p. 305.) 

(A similar certificate was issued on July 10, 1682; L.C. 5/16, 
P- 97-) 

3. Letter to Betterton: 

“May: 72: 1681 
M? Betterton 

I did yesterday signify unto you that M'* Norris should bee 
received into yot Company againe And this is to explaine that order 
That it is His Mates Pleasure that shee reconcile her selfe unto her 
adversary, and submitt herselfe to the rules and Governement of 
the Company and upon this condition shee is to bee admitted 
as formerly.” (L.C. 7/1; and 5/16, p. 28.) 

4. “The Case of Philip Cademan Gent.” (c. 1696): 

Recites the fact that Sir William D’Avenant was granted a 
patent “At w™ time St W™ stood indebted to M' Cademan in 
a Bond of roo" and in Consideration that M* Cademan woud 
acquit St W™ of y* s‘ debt and Act as a Player S' W™ promised to 
settle upon him 30% p Week to be paid out of y® proffitts arising 
from y® playhouse W M* Cademan did accordingly and re- 
ceived 308 p Week during S' W™* Life and several years after 
his Death. And in y® year 1673 as he was Acting his Part upon 
y® Stage, he received a Wound from the late Mr Harris y® player 
w' a foyle under his right Eye, w™ touch’d his Brain by means 
whereof he lost his memory his speech and the use of his right 
side, w% made him incapable of acting any more Notwithstanding 
w" his Salary was continu’d until M? Rich had ye management of 
y® playhouse (as indeed all persons had it for their Lives that 
were disabled from acting by Sickness or other Misfortunes...) 


330 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


and then M? Rich thought it reasonable that M? Cademan shoud 
do something for his Salary, and orderd him to sit and deliver 
out Tickets w’ he did until he was disabled by Sickness in y® 
. year 1695 But after he was restord to his health he offerd to serve 
in y® same Capacity he did before But M’ Rich refusd to suffer 
him and has ever since denyd to pay him his Salary.” (L.C. 
7/3-) 

5. Whereas John Powell of Dorset Garden was lately com- 
mitted prisoner in the Gatehouse by warrant of the Right Hon. 
Mr Secretary Vernon for breach of peace and “‘for his Insolence 
in Affronting and drawing his Sword upon Collonell Stanhop 
and Mr? Davenant,” and whereas the patentees have admitted him 
_ again, a warrant is issued to suspend them from acting. May 3, 

1698. (L.C. 5/152, p. 80.) 


VIII. 


1. Petition of the Players, c. Dec. 1694. (L.C. 7/3.) 

**Sheweth That your Petts whose names are here subscribed 
being noe longer able to suffer & Support themselves under the 
unjust oppressions & Violations of almost all the By lawes 
Customes & usage that has been established among us from y? 
beginning & which remained unviolated till after D' Davenant 
sold his patent & shares to his Brother Alexander under whome 
and by whome severall Titles have been claimed by diverse 
persons And sometimes a Trust in him onely pretended whereby 
many have been defrauded, with other pretences & Combinatons 
whereby severall persons have been Lett in who seek after their 
owne Interest to recover their Debts.”’ (The petition proceeds to 
remark that ail things in the playhouse have been changed and 
beg the Lord Chamberlain to appoint a day for hearing their 
complaints. The document is signed by Betterton, Underhill, 
Kenniston (z.e. Kynaston), Bowen, Williams, Doggett, Bright, 
Sandford, Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle, Mrs Verbruggen, 
Mrs Bowman, Mrs Betterton, Mrs Ellen Leigh and John Bowman. 
Inclosed with it are the articles of grievance, as below.) 


(1) Dr D’Avenant sold his share in the patent ‘‘as he thought” 
to his brother Alexander for £2300. Sir Thomas Skipwith and 
Rich, since Alexander D’Avenant’s flight, have produced deeds 
to prove that Alexander D’Avenant’s name was but made use of: 
the payment for the share came from them. According to these, 
Alexander D’Avenant farmed the profits for them at £6 a week 
for five years, during which time Skipwith and Rich never re- 
vealed the secret of their ownership of the patent. This gave 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 331 


Alexander D’Avenant credit among the actors, and by means of 
the cheat he was advanced by Mrs Barry some £600 to £800, 
and deceived others of the company in a like manner. 


(2) When Dr D’Avenant came of age he made a promise that 
in consideration of the share in the costumes and scenery in the 
theatre each whole sharer who left off playing or was disabled 
should be paid the sum of £100. This, according to the petitioners, 
was actually given to Smith. It had been confirmed since, but the 
payment was not forthcoming to the whole sharers who now 
intended to leave. 


(3) The actors have been persuaded to part with their interest 
in the after-money “which is the money recéd for the 4? & 5" 
Acts which brings in 400 or 500!5 p ann which they were to have | 
for 16 Yeares for the payment of 1000!’ Debt & now they have 
ingrossed soe Considerable a part of the profitts they would force 
us into Shares againe—threatning some they will shutt up the 
doores if they will not Consent to it.” 


(4) The profit money arising from ‘‘mulcts” and fines is now 
claimed by the patentees. 

(5) The present patentees forbid continuous acting. 

(6) Many good actors have been turned away and “ignorant 
insufficient fellowes putt in their places.” The players under 
the new management are treated as slaves. 

(7) Mrs Barry made an agreement with Dr D’Avenant, Killi- 
grew, Smith and Betterton for 50s. a week and one benefit every 
year. Later she made an agreement with Thomas Betterton that 
if, after the expenses had been met, her profits from the benefit 
did not come to £70, that amount should be made up to her. This 
agreement was carried out for many years, but now the patentees 
not only refuse to make up the £70 but claim third profits in the 
benefit. 

(8) When Betterton left his share, a quarter and half a quarter, 
he agreed with Killigrew and Alexander D’Avenant to act for 
£5 a week and an annual present of 50 guineas. Now that the 
patentees have “‘ingrossed” the after money they want to drag 
him into share again and “lessen him a quarter & halfe a quarter 
tho’ he ptsumes he is not lessen’d in his Acting.” Betterton like- 
wise is not supplied with a ‘‘ Perruck” as he ought to be. 

(9) At the Union of the Stages it was agreed that 5s. per acting 
day should be paid to Lady D’Avenant for fruit money: this was 
to be given by Killigrew who had received {50 from D’Avenant, 
Smith and Betterton. Lady D’Avenant had sold her right to 


332 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


this 5s. and Rich had not paid it to them: these are now threatening 
Betterton. 

(10) Rich refuses to pay £20 for an organ in St Bride’s Church 
which had been subscribed by order of Killigrew and ‘Thomas 
D’Avenant. 

(11) Williams had an agreement for £4 a week from Killigrew 
and Thomas D’Avenant. The patentees had offered him {10 
to sign a certain paper: he refused and they took £1 off his salary. 

(12) Mrs Bracegirdle demands one annual benefit, the charges 
to be paid by the patentees. 

(13) Mrs Verbruggen demands an extra 5s. weekly. 

(14) Killigrew, about six months before the lodging of this 
petition, had promised to raise Doggett’s salary to equal that of 
any under Betterton: this was revoked by the patentees who 
merely offered him an extra ros. 

(15) Bright had studied many of Leigh’s parts, and for this, 
and for dancing, he demands 5s. a week extra. 


2. The Reply of the Patentees, Dec. 10, 1694. (L.C. 7/3.) 

“to Dec****g4 S? Tho’ Skipwiths et al Answ’ to the... 
aligacons—before Lord Dorset. 

p Seci: Darwell. 

Betterton et al Skipwith Bar! et al. To attend Lord Dorset at 
S? Rob! Howards at Westm? Munday 17 Dec" 94. betweene 
to & 11 a Clock. 

The Answere to y® Peticon & Articles of P'tended Greivances 

Prsented to the right Honorable The Earle of Dorsett Lord 

Chamberlayn of their Maties Houshold by M! Thomas Better- 

ton & others by name of their Maties Servants & Comedians. 


The p'sent Patentees of the Theatres saving their Right &c—say’ 
(Here follows an analysis of their right to speak as patentees of 
the theatres. They mention the patent given to D’Avenant by 
Charles II, giving him full power “to gather together Enterteyn 
Governe Priviledge & keep such & so many Players & psons to 
Act Plays as he or they from time to time should think meete.” 
They emphasise the fact that he was given authority to “make 
such allowances to the Actors and other Persons Imployed in 
Acting as he or they should think fitt.” On April 25 of the same 
year Charles granted to Killigrew the patent in a theatre to be 
the King’s and Queen’s company, “‘both w Patents were by 
Ind Dated y* 4" of May 1692 made between Charles Killigrew 
Esq! of y° one pte And Dt Davenant Thomas Betterton & William 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 333 


Smith of y* other pte United. And all ye benefitts Priviledges 
Powers & Authoritys before mencond are covenanted & Agreed 
to be as one from thenceforth for ever Subject to y® Provisoes 
condicons & Agreem" therein conteyned. And that all Plays then 
after to be Acted should be acted by the Company then Employed 
or after to be Employed at the Dukes Theatre & by such other 
pson & psons as M? Killigrew & D! Davenant their heirs & 
Assigns should from time to time direct & appoint **** And by 


y°® sd Ind? Mr’ Killigrew was & is to have 3 shares in Twenty of 
y°® Cleere Pffitts & to disperse & dissolve ye Kings Company of 
Players forthw‘® as by y® sd Ind? amongst divers covenants & 
Agreem‘S therein conteyned may more at large appear.” The 
patentees then proceed “‘to give your Lordp an Acco! how matters 
stand in a Cause in Chancery now depending before y® Right 
Honoble S' John Sommers Kn‘ Lord Keeper of y* Great Seale 
of England Wherein M! Killigrew is Plf: And D? Davenant M* 
Betterton & others are y® Defts And then wee shall pceed to 
Answere y® Articles wf M! Betterton & his Mutinous Com- 
panions (as y® Patent is pleased to term them) have p'sented 
unto Your Lordp, The End of M! Killigrews Bill is to have a 
true Account of all y® Receipts of ye Theatres from May 1682 
And alsoe of all Paym'® and disbursem‘s & to have his pporcon 
thereof being 3 shares in 20 of y® Cleere Pffitts And alsoe an 
Equall Power in y® Governm' & Managem! And touching Paym! 
to sharing Actors Ground Rent of ye Dukes Theatre now called 
y® Queens Theatre Taxes Reparacons, y® 2 ffront houses there, 
fforfeit Mony, ffruite Mony, & 3°-44 a day, pd to M'’® Lacy & 
other matters. ie 

To which Bill D™ Davenant Mr’ Betterton & sev'! other Defts 
did putt in their Answers which are very long & have submitted 
to [“‘have” deleted] an account & have referred themselves to 
y® Judgemt of y* Co" Whereupon divers Witnesses were Examined 
on both sides And upon hearing y® Cause the 7‘" of Decemb! 
1691 It was referred to St Robert Legard One of y® Masters in 
Chancery to take & state y® said Account And therein [written 
over ‘“‘also”’] to certyfie y® State of ye Governm'—S! Robert 
Legard after further Depositions taken before him made his 
Report And therein reported sev! things Specially to y® Co’ 
& in pticular ye Government & Managem! of y® Theatres & how 
he found it to stand on y® Deeds & pffes taken in ye Cause—To 
which report both sides have filed Excepcons w‘ are not yett 
argued. 

Having stated this matter of ffact as tis truely Lyeing before 
my Lord Keeper & by him (un)Determined Wee shall now pceed 


334 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


to Answ! y° Articles by M! Betterton Exhited before your Lordp.” 
(Here the patentees proceed to discuss point by point the allega- 
tions of Betterton and his companions.) 


“And ffirst [‘‘may it please yo? Lordp” written and deleted 
after ‘‘ffirst”] as to M* Bettertons alledging y* S? ‘Thomas Skip- 
with & Mr’ Rich by letting y° World beleive y* Right of y® Patent 
& Shares was in Alexand’ Davenant gave him Creditt & Authority 
to lay y® ffoundacon ffor all y® Cheats and fforgeries y* Alex: 
Davenant was found Guilty of by Couzening M* Barry of 6 or 
800!8 & others of sev! Thousands. 


Answere May it please yo? Lordp M’ Alexand* Davenant fled 
in Octob' 1693 And it has not appeared to us y‘ any Cheats or 
fforgeries have been p'tended to be done by him till ab! 4 a Year 
before he fled whereas y* D' Daven! (by reason y’ M? Bolesworth 
one of his Wives Trustees had not Executed y® Conveyances of 
y® Patent & Shares as well as M! Betterton y® other Trustee had 
done) did in July 1690 enter into a Bond of 3000'S penalty to Mt 
Rich y* M? Bolesworth should Execute y* same w'?tin 3 Moneths 
then next (tho he hath not yett done it) And tis Well known y* S? 
Thomas Skipw'? & M! Rich when the rent [the last three words 
added| was behind spoke of this concerne to divers psons in so 
much y* M? Davenant compleined of y® unkindness in soe doeing 
And M? Betterton may Remember y* y® Writings tho’ [‘‘tho’” 
written above the line] drawn & Ingrossed at M’ fiolkes Chamber 
y® same were sealed at M! Serj! Pembertons Chamber (who was 
of Counsell for S? Thomas Skipwith) And M? Rich pd M? Better- 
ton 2000!8 of ye Purchase Mony by a Note on S! ffrancis Child 
when all y® Writings were putt into M! Riches Custody (& never 
were out of his Custody) And M’ Davenant never had them one 
Minute whereby to Cheate or Countenance a cheat Nor doth 
M? Betterton or M's Barry or any other pson that we have heard of 
p'tend to have any Mortage or Grant of y¢ sd Patent or those Shares 
or any pte of them but she hath declared yt she lent Mt Davenant 
400}s [written originally 4000 but deleted] in Aprill 1693 upon a 
share granted or supposed to be granted by S? William Davenant 
to one Cheston & 20018 more in May 1693 of some Rent Issueing 
out of y° Dukes Theatre yt M! Ashburnham gave to M! Thomas 
Davenant And y* as for y® other 20018 yt she hath y® Do™ Bond 
for it as well as his Brothers. 

Tis true yt M? Alexand? Davenant farmed ye sd Patent & 2 
Shares as he farmed y® Shares of divers other psons p'tended yt 
he best Understood wth ye Assistance of M? Betterton to Manage 
y°® Affairs of ye Theatres to y* Best Advantage & yt S' Thomas 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 335 


Skipwith & Mr’ Rich were Obliged to sell ye same Patent & Shares 
for 2400! to M? Alexand*" Davenant as they Cost but M' Davenant 
was not [“‘not” added] Obleiged to repurchase y® same The 6'5 p 
Weeke was often pd at y® office at y® Playhouse and it was well 
known to diverse psons: but M? Rich lent more Monys to M! 
Alexand! Davenant then he recéd for his pte of the Rent insomuch 
yt M! Davenant when he went off owed M! Rich on Bonds & a 
Note above 600!8 And to S? Thomas Skipwith & his late ffather 
to whom he is sole Executor by Bonds & other securitys above 
700!8 w*! is still oweing & S’ Thomas Skipwith & Mr! Rich have 
declared themselves Willing to sell ye sd Patent & 2 shares to 
D: Davenant or any other for ye sd principall sums of 2400!*— 
600!s & 700!8 w'? Interest for y® same respectively at 618 p Cent 
p Ann & their Charges & [“that” deleted] they [deletion] will 
discount what M? Alex: Davenant pd upon ye ffarm aforesd or 
otherwise eversince [the last word added]. And S! Tho: Skipwith 
ever since 1687 hath sent Notes for psons to see plays Gratis 
w*? tis beleived M! Betterton could not be Ignorant off now May 
it please yo! Lordp for M! Betterton to charge S? Thomas Skipwith 
& M Rich in such a Scandalous manner to have layd the ffounda- 
ton of M? Alexand! Davenants Cheats & fforgeries & for M' Bet- 
terton to gett divers other psons as he has done to signe to [last 
word added] ye same when sev! of them hath since declared that 
[last word added] they neither read nor heard read y® Paper 
annexed to y® sd Petition wherein those scandalous words are 
mencond shews wt sort of a Man M! Betterton is.” 


(The patentees here have a long preamble in which they express 
the hope that Betterton will be ordered to make some kind of 
satisfaction. They state that they do not wish to brand Betterton 
“for a Cheat or Couzener tho’ he did really conceal from y® 
World y® Mortgageing of his Rent of 6'' p Weeke in the Queens 
Theatre for many years.” Betterton and D’Avenant, say the 
Patentees, declare that £6 a weeke for five years must have given 
Skipwith considerable profit: as a matter of fact he received only 
one per cent. for the last two years and Betterton has forgotten 
the {600-{£700 taken by Alexander D’Avenant and Betterton’s 
own 20 per cent. per annum on moneys laid out for the building 
of Dorset Garden playhouse.) 


Article 2. This concerns the alleged promise of Dr D’Avenant 
to give {100 to every wholesharing actor leaving the company for 
his share in “‘Cloaths Scenes Bookes & ppertyes.”” The patentees 
reply that they have not any knowledge of this promise. {100 
was certainly given to Smith but that “was upon an other con- 


336 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


sideracon well known to Mr! Betterton who can tell whether M?’ 
Tho: Sheppy Robert Nokes James Nokes Thomas Lovell John 
Mosely Henry Turner & Thomas Lilleston who were formerly 
sharing Actors who had any such sums pd them upon y® Account 
aforesd but wee are Informed if a sharer went off or dyed S! 
William Davenant putt another in his Roome & such new Sharer 
was to give 500!5 security for his good behaviour...& when 
Mr! Betterton went out of share in January 1692 he did not desire 
any such thing nor did Mf? Betterton M! Mountfort Mi Leigh 
or Mt Bowman when they settled y® priviledges of sharing Actors 
& came into share on 26 September 1692 make any such Demand 
And if Mt Thomas Davenant deputy Mannager appointed by 
Word of Mouth onely hath p'tended to grant any such thing he 
might as well w‘* submission to your Lordp grant away other 
_ psons shares of Rent or pfiitts.” Following this is an interesting 
statement that Sir William D’Avenant had sold most of his shares 
in his lifetime ‘‘before he could carry on ye Management of y® 
Playhouse And y* D? hath since sold y® patent & some of y® 
Shares.” 


Article 3. Aftermoney. The patentees express their surprise 
that Betterton should raise this point now after he has acted with 
Alexander D’Avenant for nearly a year. They affirm that Betterton 
and the others asked the patentees to take the aftermoney for 
£1000 to pay a debt of that amount on the theatres. They offer 
Betterton that if he will forfeit salaries and gratuities since he parted 
with his sharing rights, they will take him in once more as a sharer. 

Article 4. Forfeits. This, the patentees say, is merely a trick 
of Betterton’s to curry favour with his companions. ‘‘ Mr! Better- 
ton knows yt by y® Decree in y® Cot of Chancery it is & hath 
been brought into y® Receipt & divided as other Monys are.”’ This 
very fact, they say, was decided on 26 September, 1692, after the 
long discussions on the part of Betterton, Mountfort and Leigh 
concerning the rights of the sharing actors. 


Article 5. “‘As to Acting so many Days a Week & takeing ye 
bad wt ye good &c.” The patentees ailirm that the company 
acted the previous year more frequently than they did when 
Betterton was in control. They suggest that Betterton is here 
inspired by mean spite ‘‘ffor he was greatly displeased to think 
y® Young People Acted ye last vacaton near 30 Days without 
M! Betterton M! Williams M? Bright M? Kinaston M? Sandford 
or M’S Betterton.” The young actors by this means got enough to 


keep them over the vacation. However, as Rich has to pay 3 


every acting day at the Theatre Royal and £7 every acting day 


ee nae 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 337 


at the Queen’s Theatre, he cannot afford to keep the doors always 
open, the receipts often being under £20 per diem, whereas the 
full expenses come to £30. There follows a hint that Betterton 
went on salary in 1692 because theatrical conditions were bad. 

Article 6. The taking away of sharers’ rights. Betterton and 
Bowman, it is affirmed, ‘‘soon after ye Death of M! Mountfort 
& M’ Leigh to witt on y® 16" of Jan’ 1692 requested to be in 
Sallary untill y° beginning of y® then next vacacon onely but they 
have kept in Sallary ever since altho M! Betterton hath often 
pmised y* he would be Willing at any time to come into share 
again.” Alexander D’Avenant, say the patentees, would not do 
anything without Betterton: from 1687 till he “went off in 1693 
all things were done as M! Betterton would have it & he gave out 
w! Plays he would during y* time as well as y® last Year by w® 
means very little could be Divided or thrown off to pay Debts 
out of y® Receipts & on y® 14" of July last above 189!8 was runne 
in Debt.” They suggest that Alexander D’Avenant started his 
underhand methods in 1687 by (a) adding a quarter and half a 
quarter to Betterton’s share, (b) giving him a vacation present of 
50 guineas, (c) “‘allowing him to brow beate and discountenance 
young Actors as M! Giloe Carlisle Mountfort & others.” “‘ Wee 
allow,” declare the patentees, “‘sallarys to y® psons yt now com- 
playn beyond w? was over formerly pd to any Man or Woman 
belonging to ye Kings Theatre & M! Betterton for his & his Wives 
Acting have for y® 2 last years received out of ye Playhouse after 
y® rate of 10!’ p Weeke (besides 61° p Weeke) for Rent” whereas. 
Rich and Skipwith who expended fully £3600 on the patent did 
not get clear {30 last year. 

Article 7. Concerning Mrs Barry. ‘‘ May it please your Lordp 
That M! Betterton himselfe took notice y'‘ M'* Barry made so 
great Advantage of a Play given her one day in y® Year that ye 
same w'5 her Sallary was more then his 5!* p Weeke And wee 
Observing yt although y® receipts of late had been lesse then Usuall 
yett y® Constant & Incident Charges are higher & consequently 
needfull to be Retrencht & M™ Barry having declared yt M* Tho: 
Davenant had released her of her bargain And yt she would not 
be Obleiged to Play unless she came to a new Agreem! w'? us 
Itt was ppossed yt she would continue at her Usuall Sallary of 
50° p Weeke & remitt one 39 of y® pffitts of ye Days Play to 
M*® Bracegirdle w we beleived would by ye Addicon of 
M" Bracegirdles ffriends so Increase y® Receipts as y' M'* Barry 
would not be a great looser.” 

Article 8. Concerning Betterton’s quitting his share, quarter 

NRD 22 


338 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


and half a quarter for £5 a week and a vacation present of 50 
guineas, and being taken back on one share only. Betterton, say 
the patentees, “‘never had upon Account of his Acting when he 
was at ye best any more then one Actors share till D’ Daven! 
sold his Patent for from May 1682 to 1687 by pffe in Chancery 
it appears y* he had but one share & 4 a q? & this 4 q" was in pte 
of satisfacon for his care in ye Managem! And Mr" Smith had ye 
like when he was an Actor & Joint Manager w'? M? Betterton but 
when M! Smith went out of y® house And M! Tho: Davenant 
in 1687 came into ye Managemt & had 3}8-108 for his trouble 
then M? Betterton had a q™ & 4 a q' of a share Added to him by 
Alex: Davenant for wt private Consideracon is unknown to us 
w was continued to M! Betterton till ab! ffeb'Y 1689 then 
M Betterton was in Sallary in Sep’ 1691 at 518 p Weeke & a Vacon 
pisent of 50°Y Guineas for his generall care then he came into 
share again & had but one Acto’’ share till ab’ Sept? 1692 when 
y® Agreem! ab! ye After Mony & y® Acting sharers priviledges were 
settled he came into one share and a q! but M! Mountfort & 
M: Leigh dyeing in Decemb? followeing Mf! Betterton on y® 
162 January 1692 came into Sallary again at 51° p Weeke & 5o'¥ 
Guineas for his generall Care by name of a Vacacon p! sent but 
M? Betterton well knows why he was then pmitted to leave his 
share & qi & go into Sallary onely for yt Year w wee shall not 
now discover unless he pleases It is true M! Betterton doth not 
think himselfe lessen’d in his Acting but y® Patentees & Ad- 
venturers to their sad Experience find yt a Man at 60 is not able 
to doe That w? he could at 30 or 40 he hath put himselfe into 
all great pts in most of y® Considerable plays Especially in y® 
‘Tragedys & yett w? he Acts a great pte we must be forced to Act 
an Ordinary Play one or 2 days after as Scapin Mons? Rogou & 
such like to ease him & soe loose wi wee gott on y® day he played 
‘Whereas there are Act’® enough in y® House to Act good plays 
Allways & Mf Betterton himselfe could formerly have Acted a 
great pte 4 or 5 dayes in a Weeke w? he was a Sharer & before he 
became so Aged.” They then declare that Betterton should be 
the last to complain. He had received £50 for his care in attending 
rehearsals etc “ And alsoe he has had 50's for his care & trouble to 
gett up y® Indian Queen tho he hath not yett done itt w w% 
summs & w! he & his Wife hath received for Acting & his Rent 
of 1} p diem amounts to above 16 p Weeke for every Weeke y® 
Company Acted y® last Year.” His complaints are the more un- 
expected and strange “‘because ye last Year when M! Doggett 
Bowen & others Mutinied M? Betterton declared they ought to 
be Ejected ye House & by his pswasions they were denyed to 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 339 


be received till they Quitted ye Combinaton & each Man treated 
onely for himselfe.” As regards the perruck “M! Betterton was 
told that as for ye Perruck something should be considered to be 
given him in Leiw thereof tho’ this of a Perruck is an Innovacon 
& may pve of great Inconvenience by reason all others will graft 
upon it to have y® like Allowance.” Betterton did not carry out 
his duties carefully. ‘‘ Wee very often attended ourselvs & treated 
w'? y® Poets.” Later it is stated that ‘“‘M° Betterton for y® Care 
he tooke as Principall Actor in y® Nature of a Monitor in a Schole 
to looke after rehearsalls...had a Gratificacton of 50 Guineas 
besides y® Complim! of his Wifes 508 a Week.” 

Article 9. Concerning 5s. a day for fruit money. Sir William 
D’Avenant, it is affirmed, ‘Immediately after ye King granted 
him his Patent not knowing otherwise how to carry on y® Charge 
of Acting w'tout great summis of Money to buy Apparell Habitts 
& ppertys Machins & other decoracons sold out to ye Honoble 
Mr Ashburnham late Cofferer of his Matie Houshould ye 
Hounoble John Harvey Esq! y® Lord Lonnolly & sev! other 
psons diverse [the last word added] pts & shares in y® pffitts 
thereof all w‘® Interested psons or y® psons Clayming und? them 
ought to have been made ptys to y® Granting of y® sd 5! p diem 
& to have some consideracon as well as y® Lady Davenant D* 
Daven! M! Killigrew M’ Betterton tis true M? Killigrew acknow- 
ledges yt he had 50!5 w™ he is ready to bring into Cash & my 
Lady Davenant we hear had 400!8 wee would faine [the last word 
added] know wt D! Daven! & M! Betterton had.” 

Article 10. Concerning Rich’s refusal to pay {50 “for ye 
Organs in S! Brides & alsoe M! Atterbury y® Lecturer w? has 
been allowed to his p'decessors.”’ Betterton also ought to pay his 
share. ‘‘ M’ Betterton lives in one of y® ffront Houses & has done 
for many Years & has not yett pd any Rent for it.” He, therefore, 
ought to pay the parish duties, and the patentees hope that he 
will pay rent for his house before he is forced by law. 

Articie 11. Williams’ claim for £4 a week salary. The patentees 
reply that when Mountfort and Leigh were alive Williams never 
had more than £3 a week or ? of a share. “Ab! August 1692 
M! Williams left y® house for ab? 4 a year but M? Mountfort & 
Mr Leigh both dyeing in Decemb! 1692 M! Williams was asked 
to act again & he being pretty sensible of our necessity of him at 
y‘ time Imposed upon us & would not come in to Act unless he 
had 4° p Weeke for y* Year w? M! Thomas Daven! agreed to 
give him for yt Year.” After the year was over they offered him 
3 of a share and {10 in consideration of some clothes: he refused 

22-2 


340 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


and accordingly they reduced him to £3 per week. This, say the 
patentees, is all he deserves “‘ for he knows yt y® last year Mf Powell 
& M! Verbruggen did Act his pts above 30 times.” 

Article 12. “‘As to M's Bracegirdle pposicon of having pts of 
y® Cleere pffitts of an Old Play.” The patentees answer that 
before she asked for it they offered her third part of the profits of 
a benefit, and they trust that Dorset will leave this matter for 
them to arrange. 

Article 13. Concerning Mrs Verbruggen’s salary. The patentees 
consider that 50s. is quite enough for her: her demand of 5s. extra 
was simply due to their proposal to Mrs Bracegirdle. 

Article 14. Doggett’s demand. Doggett, say the patentees, 
was taken into the playhouse in 1690 at 10s. a week “‘from being 
a Stroler & in ffeb"’ 1692 he entered into Articles und! hand & 
seale to serve y® Playhous at 40% p Weeke & to give 9 Acting Months 
notice und! hand & seale when he should have a Mind to leave. 
y® Company.” At the request of Betterton and Mrs Barry the 
patentees had since allowed him ros. a week more: but about three 
weeks ago he had written demanding for himself £3 a week for 
a year. 

Article 15. ‘“‘Mr Brights studing up many pts of Mr Leigs & 
what he saveth ye Company by dancing desires an Addicon of 
58 a Weeke to his Sallary.” Bright, declare the patentees, signed 
on for 40s. a week, but already he had been promised this extra 
5S. 
The patentees then point out that regarding the other signatories 
to the petition—Bowman, Underhill, Kynaston, Sandford, Bowen, 
Mrs Betterton, Mrs Leigh and Mrs Bowman—no complaint has 
been stated, and proceed to summarise their treatment of these 
actors and actresses. ‘Three weeks previously Bowman had signed 
on for £3 per week or ? share “‘w*? was w! he had when he last 
went out of share in Jan’ 1693.” Before that date he never had 
more than £3 weekly salary. Underhill received a weekly salary of 
£3 although he acted but seldom. Kynaston received the same, 
but likewise acted only infrequently. Sandford got £2. 10s. per 
week but “by reason of his Indisposition & his Voice often failing 
he is able to Act but seldom.”’ Bowen signed on for 40s. weekly, 
but was advanced tos. a week the previous year. This Betterton 
himself declared was more than he deserved. Although this actor 
is easily drawn to mutiny ‘“‘yett he studys his pts very quickly & 
Acts w'' vigour.” Mrs Betterton was in receipt of 50s. a week 
“constantly pd her in Complem! to M? Betterton She not appears 
in any pts to y® satisfaction of ye Audience.” Mrs Leigh since the 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 341 


death of her husband had been raised tos., so that her salary was 
now 30s. This, say the patentees, is all that the popular Mrs Cory 
received. Mrs Bowman’s salary had been raised 5s. a week since 
18 October last (1694). She was now getting 30s. though she 
had signed on for 25s. “She being a Child-bearing Woman some 
other must learn some of her pts or else those Playes she is in 
cannot be acted.” She certainly, in the opinion of the patentees, 
had no cause to complain. Finally, the patentees draw the atten- 
tion of the Lord Chamberlain to the fact that there were still 
a number of actors who did not sign Betterton’s petition: namely: 
Powell, Verbruggen, Trefuse, Lee, Horden, Harland, Cibber, 
Harris, Pinkethman, ‘‘ Young Kent,” Mrs Aylyffe, Mrs Hodgson, 
Mrs Knyght, Mrs Rogers, Mrs Perryn, Mrs Lawson, Mrs Kent, 
Mrs Lucas, and Mrs Temple. 


TX. MiIsceLLaNeous. 


1. Documents relating to the Theatre in Whitehall, etc. 


(a) Warrant to deliver to George Johnson, Keeper of the Royal 
Cockpit in St James’s Park “‘such a quantitie of Greene Bayes 
as will couer the Stage...and to hange ouer ouer (sic) the doores 
there.” Nov. 13, 1662. (L.C. 5/137, p. 175.) 

(That this was for the performance of a play seems proved by 
a later warrant, dated Nov. 15, 1689 (L.C. 5/149, p. 318) for 
“*Greene bayes”’ to cover the stage for a play to be acted there ‘‘on 
Friday next.”) 

(6) Warrant to deliver 110 yards of green baize for the upper 
tyring rooms, which in their present state are unfit for rich 
clothes, 27 ‘‘Glasses for Weomen,” 20 chairs and stools and 
3 tables. Dec. 10, 1662. (L.C. 5/119.) 

(c) Warrant “to make vp Habitts of seuerall coloured Silkes 
for foure and Twenty violins twelue of them being for his Ma‘?* 
service in the Theatre Royall and the other twelue Habitts for 
His Ma‘** service in His Highnesse the Duke of Yorkes Theatre 
and also foure and Twenty Garlands of seuerall coloured flowers” ; 
all these to be delivered to Killigrew, Mar. 20, 1664/5. (L.C. 
5/138, p. 45; the same warrant, with minor deviations, is repeated 
in L.C. 5/119.) 

(d) Warrant “to make vp Habitts of seuerall coloured rich 
Taffataes for fower and Twenty violins like Indian Gownes but 
not soe full with short sleeues to the Elbow and trymmed with 
Tinsell about the neck and bottome and at the sleeves after the 
fashion as St Henry Herbert...shall informe yo" Lopp and to 


342 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


bee deliuered to St Henry Herbert for his Mats extraordinary 
service and also fowr and twenty Garlands of seuerall coloured 
floures to each of them.” Mar. 18, 1664/5. (Jd. p. 46.) 


(e) Warrant to deliver for use in the Theatre “One large long 
Cushion of Gold Coloured Damaske trymed with silke fringe 
and Tassells and a table Carpett of the like Damaske four foote 
long and two foot three Inches broad trymed suteable to the 
Cushion And one Pewter Standish.” April 10, 1665. (Jd. p. 49.) 


(f) Warrant to deliver “three large trunks bound with Iron 
to keepe clothes for his Mates Service in the Theatre at Whitehall.” 
April 17, 1665. (Id. p. 49.) 

(g) (Cancelled order.) Warrant to deliver for use in the Cockpit 
**Six Turky worke chayres for y® Stage two Spanish Tables 
Six tynne Candle sticks Six Little tynne Candlesticks...one greate 
Chayre to bee vsed vpon y® stage.” Dec. 31, 1666. (Jd. p. 261; 
repeated with date Feb. 3, 1667, probably 1667/8, in L.C. 5/139, 

. g. Here two “Turkey worke carpetts” and green baize are 
ordered as well.) 


(h) Order “‘to cause y® Stage in ye Theatre in Whitehall to 
be altered and made in such fashion as it was for Scaramouch’s 
Acting And his Mattes Seate to be placed & made as then it was. 
And that ye doore be opened as the Actors then went in at” and 
to prepare “such boxes & partitions as the ffrench Comoedians 
shall desire you for theire Accomodation.” Feb. 5, 1676/7. 
(L.C. 5/141, p. 528.) 

(A further order for altering the stage for the French comedians, 
dated Dec. 4, 1677, appears in L.C. 5/142, p. 160.) 


(¢) Warrant to provide ‘‘vnto Mons* Cabin fiue Habitts to be 
made of such fashion & of such particulers as he shall giue you 
informacon,” to be ready for Friday, Feb. 5, 1677/8. (L.C. 5/143, 
P- 32.) 

(j) Warrant “‘to require you to rayle in two benches betweene 
y® Lord Stewards box and y® Scenes in y® Theatre for ye Am- 
bassadors.” Oct. 14, 1685. (L.C. 5/17, p. 20; and L.C. 5/146, 
P- 27.) 

(k) “These are to pray and require you to cause the Seates in the 
Theatre, in the Pitt, only to bee new matted, they being soe dirty, 
and vnfitt to place any Person of Quality on for whome they are 
appoynted.” Oct. 27, 1685; Lord Chamberlain to Sir Christopher 
Wren. (L.C. 5/147, p. 1.) 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 343 


2. Agreements of Actors and Playwrights. 

(For the petitions of several scene-painters, see supra, p. 42.) 

(a) “Articles of Agreement Indented, and made y* 29t" Day 
of October 1696, By, and between Colley Cibber Gent. on the One 
Parte, and Christopher Rich Esq., one of the Patentees of the 
Theatres on the other Parte as followeth 

Impri? The said Colley Cibber in consideration of one Shilling 
to him now Paid, and for the farther Considerations herein after 
mentioned doth Bargain, and sell unto y® said Christopher Rich 
his Heires and Assignes A Certain New Play written by the s¢ C: 
Cibber, and stiled Woman’s Witt or y® Devill to Dealt with to bee 
Acted only by the Company of Actors under the Goverment of 
the s? Chi: Rich his Heires, or Assignes within a Month after 
the Parts of the said Play shall bee Distributed to the said Com- 
pany of Actors Item: In Consideration whereof it is Agreed that 
Mr Cibber shall have all the Mony Receiv’d on the Third day of 
acting such Play Paying out of the same all the Charges of the 
House Constant and Incident: But if the Receipts on the fourth 
Day shall amount to 55" or upwards then the said Charges of 
such Third Day shall bee returned to Mt Cibber 

And in case the Receipts on such fourth Day shall Amount to 
40" or upwards, then the said Play shall bee acted the next Day 
Following: And if the fift days Receipts shall amount to 40! or 
upwards, then the said Play shall bee acted again the next day, 
and the said Mr Cibber shall have all the Receipts of such sixt 
Day Paying out [of] the same all the Charges of the House Con- 
stant, and Incident. And if the Receipts on such sixt Day shall 
not amount to the Full Charges of the House Constant, and 
Incident then Mr? Cibber is to make it up at his own Costs, and 
Charges: And if the Receipts on such sixt Day shall amount to 
40! then the said Play shall bee acted on the next day following. 
And if the Receipts on such seaventh Day shall amount to 50! 
or Upwards, then the said Charges of such sixt Day shall bee 
return’d to Mt Cibber 

And the said Mr Cibber is to have the sole Benefitt of Printing 
such Play: But he is not to suffer it to bee Printed till a month next 
after it shall bee first acted 

Item it is agreed between the Parties to these Presents, that 
the said Colley Cibber shall bargain and sell unto the said M* Rich 
his Heires, or Assignes all such other Play, and Plays as the said 
Mr Cibber shall hereafter write to bee acted only by the Company 
under the Goverment of the said Mr Rich his Heires, or Assignes, 
upon the like Termes, and Considerations aforesaid during the 


344 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


said Mr Cibbers being an Actor in this Company aforesaid, and 
that the said Mr? Cibber shall not During his being an Actor in 
such Company write any Play, or other thing whatsoever for 
any other Company: In wittness whereof the said Parties to thes 
Articles of Agreement have thereunto Interchangeably sett their 
hands, and seales the Day, and Year first above written. 


Sign’d Seal’d, and Deliver’d Colley Cibber [seal] 
by y® said C Cibber a six- 

Penny stamp then Appearing 

on this Paper.” 


(L.C. 7/3; witnessed by G. Perrill and J. Shore.) 


(6) Contract with Robinson for scenes: 

“Whereas Mr Robert Robinson has this day Undertaken to 
paint, or Cause to be painted well, & in Workmanlike manner y® 
Severall Sets of scenes, & Machines, for a New Opera Written 
by Mr? Settle, & to Be forthwith, & w*® all ye Expedition that 
may be, perform’d At y® Theatre Royall, w‘? sayd Scenes, & 
Machines are to be The whole paintings that are to belong to y® 
sayd Opera according To Such Measures as y® sayd Robert 
Robinson, hath agreed & Concerted wt» ye sayd Mr Settle. Now 
therefore we whose names are Underwritten Doe hereby agree, 
& promise to pay, or Cause to be payd, from y® Office of y® say’d 
Theatre Royall Unto ye sayd M’ Robinson or his order y® full 
Summ of one hundred & thirty Pounds Sterling in full Sattis- 
faction of, & for y® sayd Paintings, in manner following Vizt: 
Ten Pounds pt Week Dureing [ye deleted] such time as he shall 
be working, & Painting of ye sayd Scenes, & Machines, & y® 
Remainder on y® first, Second, & fourth days of y? Acting y? 
sayd Opera, or w'tin fourteen days after y® sayd Paintings shall 
be finish’d. Wittness our hands ye 18" day of March. 1699 


Fra: M: Knight Geo: Powell 
Jane Rogers Rob! Wilks 
John Mills 


Will: Pinkethman 
Mem! ‘That M? Robinson on his part doth agree, & promise to 
finish the Scenes & Work within [deletion] Mention’d, win 
Seauen Weeks of y® date hereof. Wittness my hand 

Robt Robinson.” 


(L.C. 7/3.) 


(c) Articles of Agreement between Verbruggen and Skipwith, 
April 10, 1695. 


THE HISTORY OF THE STAGE 345 


1. For three years Verbruggen will “with his best care & skill 
Sing Dance Act Rehearse and Rep'sent.” 

2. Skipwith will give him £4 out of every £20 to be divided 
among the adventurers; all debts contracted since Oct. 17, 1694, 
to be paid out of the general receipts. 

3. Skipwith gives a bond of £300. 

4. Verbruggen does likewise. 

Witnessed by Philipp Griffin and Hild. Horden. A note is 
appended ‘That because a Share produced nothing, St Thomas 
Skipwith advanced 4! a weeke to Mt Verbruggen.” (L.C. 7/3.) 


(d) Articles of Agreement between John and Susanna Ver- 
bruggen and Skipwith, April 10, 1695: 

1. John Verbruggen agrees that, for a payment of £75, his 
wife will act in the theatre, 

2. Susanna Verbruggen to have £4 out of £20 (as above); 
if this does not amount to {105 per year (i.e. £3 a week for 35 
acting weeks) this sum shall be made up to her. At the end of 
every 6 acting days (except when the young actors play for their 
own benefit) she shall have £3 till the whole £105 is completed. 
If, on the other hand, her share comes to more than {105 she 
shall be allowed to keep it. (L.C. 7/3.) 


(e) Articles of Agreement between Doggett and Skipwith, 
April 3, 1696: 

1. Doggett to start acting on Oct. 10, and to perform nowhere 
else. 

2. Skipwith to give him {4 for every six acting days “‘or else 
share up to the heighth as shall be paid to Mt George Powell or 
Mr? John Verbruggen.” 

3. Doggett to get the benefit of one old play to be acted on a 
Wednesday or Friday in Lent after Christmas, he to pay the 
charges of the house. 

4. Doggett and Skipwith give bonds of £500. (L.C. 7/3.) 

Another document of date April 3, 1696, refers to the fact that 
Skipwith has given Doggett £50, with a promise of another {50 
on Oct. 12. Should Doggett die or should ‘‘not before that time 
leave off acting with the Company of Actors in Lincolns Inn 
ffieilds” the whole £100 would be forfeited. Skipwith is to bear 
all charges save 1os. of a benefit play, but this must not be an 
opera or a recently revived drama. If Doggett leaves off acting 
at L.I.F. by July 20 “‘ & shall from that time travell in the Vacation 
to Improve himselfe in Acting” and learns five parts, Skipwith 
shall pay him {10. If Doggett gives notice within 3 weeks and 
travels ‘‘to Improve himselfe in Acting & makeing Observacons 


346 DOCUMENTS ILLUSTRATIVE OF 


for y® benefitt of this Company” Skipwith shall give him 
£20. 

(f) Articles of Agreement between “William Bullock of 
St Giles Cripplegate” and Skipwith, April 15, 1695: 

1. Bullock to act only with the D.L. company. 

2. Skipwith to give Bullock 20s. a week; the contract being 
terminable only on g months’ notice. Signatures of Bullock, 
Verbruggen and Griffin (copy; L.C. 7/3). 

(g) Articles of Agreement between Sorin, a dancing master, 
and Betterton, July 25, 1696: 

Sorin to receive 30s. a week with augmentation, if necessary. 
Witnessed by John Baptist Draghi. (L.C. 7/3.) 

(h) Letter of notice, June 17, 1699; Erasmus Evans and Susanna 
Evans, his daughter, give notice that the latter will dance at L.I.F. 
for only one month longer. (L.C. 7/3.) 

({) Warrant for discharge, Dec. 10, 1680. ‘‘Whereas John 
Dowson was Entertained Dancing Master in his Mates Theatre 
Royall but Entered not into Articles for his Continuance there 
And the said John Dowson desireing to be discharged from y® 
said Theatre I doe hereby discharge him.” (L.C. 5/144, p. 22; 
Lord Chamberlain’s warrant.) 


3. Various Documents relating to Theatres, and Actors’ Petitions. 


(a) Petition of Verbruggen (c. 1697/8 or later). Summary: 

Smith, one of the chief actors and sharers of L.I.F., died in 
Michaelmas, 1696, and the company was in distress to find a 
substitute. Verbruggen thereupon withdrew “ by the Ld Chamber- 
lains Leave” from the D.L. company and entered L.I.F. as a 
sharing actor and manager. By articles of Oct. 27, 1696, between 
Betterton, Mrs Barry, Mrs Bracegirdle, Mrs Bowman, Underhill, 
Bright, Mrs Leigh on the one part and Verbruggen on the other, 
Verbruggen was to get one share. Betterton at that time had 
14 shares, but quitted a } share in favour of the Petitioner. Ver- 
bruggen was also to have 20s. a week. He was informed then that 
the debts were not above £200, and was surprised at the smallness 
of his income from the share. The other parties to the agreement 
declared that Betterton, Mrs Barry and Mrs Bracegirdle, who 
would not let the books be seen, were making huge profits. About 
Michaelmas last Verbruggen was told that the debts were about 
£800; after an attendance before the Lord Chamberlain it was 
agreed that there should be no benefits and that all spare money 
should go to pay off these debts. During this winter the receipts 
have been specially large “especially ever since the Italian Woman 


THE HISTORY OF THE-STAGE 347 


hath sung.” Yet Betterton and the others pretended the debts 
were not yet settled, even although they had stopped Verbruggen’s 
20s. a week. Betterton has ordered bills, announcing Othello to 
be acted on Friday next with singing by the Italian woman, for 
his own benefit. Verbruggen hears she is to sing also at benefits 
of Mrs Barry and Mrs Bracegirdle, and then to leave off per- 
forming. (L.C. 7/3.) 

(b) Letter from Richard Coling to Mr Knight, Mar. 8, 1689/90; 
“My Lord Chamberlayne would haue you to sumon Mt Downs 
prompter at theire Mates Theatre to appeare on Munday morning 
next by Nyne of the Clock It being the tyme His Lordpp hath 
appoynted to heare the difference betweene Mr Killigrew & 
Mrs Currer.” (L.C. 5/150, p. 366.) 

(c) Order to Sir Christopher Wren to inspect the Duke’s 
Theatre in Salisbury Court as the King has heard that there is 
a wall defective. Nov. 29, 1671. (L.C. 5/14, p. 73.) 


APPENDIX C 


Hand-list of Restoration Plays 
[1660-1700] 


[The following list is arranged alphabetically according to the 
names of the authors, but the plays of each individual dramatist 
are tabulated in the order of performance. The place of pro- 
duction and the year of production, where known, appear in 
brackets after the title of the play: the dates following are those 
of separate editions. No attempt has been made to differentiate 
various issues (as distinct from editions). These will be indicated 
in detail in a larger Bibliography of Restoration Drama which I 
have at present in preparation and from which this list is largely 
condensed. I have here used, as in the body of this book, T.R. as 
a contraction for the Theatre Royal in Vere Street or in Bridges 
Street, D.L. for the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, and L.L.F. 
for the Duke’s Theatre in Lincoln’s Inn Fields and D.G. for the 
Duke’s Theatre in Dorset Garden. I have further employed the 
contractions C. for comedy, T. for tragedy, T.C. for tragi-comedy, 
O. for opera, F. for farce, D.O. denotes a dramatic opera after 
Purcell’s model and P. a political pamphlet written in the form 
of a play but evidently not intended to be acted.] 


UNKNOWN AUTHORS. 


P. A Phanatique Play. The First Part, As it was Presented before 
and by the Lord Fleetwood, Sir Arthur Hasilrig, Sir Henry 
Vane, the Lord Lambert, and others, last night, with Master 
Iester and Master Pudding (unacted) 1660. (Another issue 
reads, A Phanatick Play.) 

P, The Tragical Actors or the Martyrdome of the late King Charles - 
wherein Oliver’s late falsehood, with the rest of his gang are 
described in their several actions and stations (unacted). No 
date on title-page, but the colophon gives, Printed for Sir 
Arthur, 1660. 

P. Cromwell’s Conspiracy. A Tragy-Comedy, Relating to our 
latter Times. Beginning at the Death of King Charles the 
First, And ending with the happy Restauration of King Charles 
the Second. Written by a Person of Quality (unacted) 1660. 


a 


HAND-LIST OF RESTORATION PLAYS 349 


Hells Higher Court of Justice; or the Triall of the Three 
Politick Ghosts, Viz. Oliver: Cromwell, King of Sweden, and 
Cardinal Mazarine (unacted) 1661. 


- Hewson Reduc’d: or, the Shoomaker return’d to his Trade 


BR 
se 
y 
Cc 


(unacted) 1661. 
Andronicus: a Tragedy, Impieties Long Successe, or Heavens 
Late Revenge (unacted) 1661. 


. The Unfortunate Usurper (unacted) 1663. 
. Knavery in all Trades: or, the Coffee-House. A Comedy. As 


it was Acted in the Christmas Holidays by several Apprentices. 
1664. 


T. The Ungrateful Favourite (unacted) 1664. [Possibly by Thomas 


HO 


HO 


Southland.] 


. The Feign’d Astrologer (acting uncertain) 1668. 
. The Imperial Tragedy. Taken out of a Latin Play. And 


very much Altered folio 1669. [Possibly by Sir William 
Killigrew.] 


. Pluto Furens & Vinctus; or, The Raging Devil Bound. A 


Modern Farse. Per Philocomicum (unacted). Amstelodami, 
1669. 


. The Religious-Rebell, or the Pilgrim-Prince (unacted) 1671. 
. The Amorous Old-vvoman: or, ’Tis VVell if it Take. A 


Comedy....By a Person of Honour (D.L. c. March, 1674), 
1674; reissued as The Fond Lady, 1684. [Sometimes attri- 
buted to Duffett.] 


. The Mall: or the Modish Lovers (D.L. c. Jan. 1674) 


1674. [Sometimes attributed to Dryden.] 


. The Mistaken Husband (D.L. c. September 1675) 1675. 


[Attributed sometimes to Dryden; he was certainly responsible 
for one scene.] 


. The Woman turn’d Bully (D.G. c. July 1675) 1675. 
. Piso’s Conspiracy (D.G. c. Dec. 1675) 1676. [An alteration of 


the Nero of 1624.] 


C. The Counterfeit Bridegroom: or the Defeated Widow (D.G. 


ce. September, 1677) 1677. [Sometimes attributed to Betterton ; 
an adaptation of Middleton’s No Wit like a Woman’s.] 


Moral Interlude. The Traitor to Himself, or Mans Heart his 


greatest Enemy. A Moral Interlude in Heroic Verse....As it 
was Acted by the Boys of a Publick School...1678. 


Ent. The Huntingdon Divertisement, or, an Enterlude For the 


Generall Entertainment of the County-Feast, Held at Mer- 
chant-Taylors Hall, June 20, 1678. 1678. 


350 HAND-LIST OF 


Past. The Constant Nymph: or, the Rambling Shepheard. A 
Pastoral...vvritten by a Person of Quality (D.G. c. July 1677) 
1678. 

Play. The Coronation of Queen Elizabeth, with The Restauration 
of the Protestant Religion: or, The Downfal of the Pope. Being 
a most Excellent Play (Bartholomew and Southwark Fairs, 
1680) 1680. 

F. The Muse of New-Market: or, Mirth and Drollery Being 
Three Farces Acted before the King and Court at New- 
Market; Viz. The Merry Milkmaid of Islington, or the 
Rambling Gallants defeated. Love lost in the Dark, or the 
Drunken Couple. The Politick Whore or the Conceited 
Cuckhold. 1680. 

[The second play is a “droll” made from Massinger’s The 
Guardian, and the third is condensed from Davenport’s The City 
Night-Cap.] 

P. Rome’s Follies: or, The Amorous Fryars....As it was lately 
Acted at a Person of Qualities House (unacted) 1681. 

C. Mr Turbulent: or, The Melanchollicks (D.G. c. January 
1682) 1682; reissued as The Factious Citizen, or, The Melan- 
choly Visioner. 1685. 

T. Romulus and Hersilia: or, The Sabine War (D.G. c. August, 
1682) 1683. 

F. The Rampant Alderman, or News from the Exchange, 
A Farce (probably unacted) 1685. 

(Largely an adaptation of Marmion’s Fine Companion.) 

C. The Mistaken Beauty, or the Lyar (D.L. c. September, 1684) 
1685. 

[Contemporary chroniclers note an earlier edition as The Lyar 

in 1661; this Pepys had seen on Nov. 28, 1667.] 

P. The Abdicated Prince: or, The Adventures of Four Years. 
A Tragi-Comedy (unacted) 1690. 

[A second edition is mentioned in an advertisement to The 

Bloody Duke, but this probably was never issued.] 

P. The Bloody Duke: or, The Adventures for a Crown. A Tragi- 
Comedy....Written by the Author of the Abdicated Prince 
(unacted) 1690. 

P. The Royal Voyage, or the Irish Expedition: A Tragi-comedy 
(unacted) 1690. 

P. The Late Revolution: or, The Happy Change. A Tragi- 
Comedy (unacted) 1690. 

P. The Banish’d Duke: or, The Tragedy of Infortunatus (D.L. 
c. September 1690) 1690. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 351 


. The Royal Flight: or, The Conquest of Ireland. A New Farce 
(unacted) 1690. 
. The Folly of Priest-Craft. A Comedy (unacted) 1690. 
(Halliwell-Phillipps notes a variant title, The Converts.) 

. The Bragadocio; or, The Bawd turn’d Puritan: A New Comedy. 
By a Person of Quality (unacted) 1691. 

. The Siege and Surrender of Mons. A Tragi-Comedy (un- 
acted) 1691. 

Sat. Wit for Money: or, Poet Stutter. A Dialogue between 
Smith, Johnson, and Poet Stutter. Containing Reflections on 
some late Plays; and particularly, on Love for Money, or, The 
Boarding School (unacted) 1691. 

Sat. The New Athenian Comedy, containing The Politicks, 
(£conomicks, Tacticks, Crypticks, Apocalypticks, Stypticks, 
Scepticks, Pneumaticks, Theologicks, Poeticks, Mathematicks, 
Sophisticks, Pragmaticks, Dogmaticks, &c. Of that most 
Learned Society (unacted) 1693. 

P. The Royal Cuckold: or, Great Bastard....A Tragy-Comedy 
(unacted) 1693. 

C. She Ventures, and He Wins. A Comedy (L.I.F. c. 1695-6) 
1696. [The dedication is signed Ariadne.] 

T.C. Timoleon: or, The Revolution. A Tragi-Comedy (probably 
unacted) 1697. 

(A MS. note in the Bodleian copy attributes this to Southby.) 

T.C. The Triumphs of Virtue. A Tragi-Comedy (D.L. c. 1696/7) 
1697. 

yu The Unnatural Mother....Written by a Young Lady (L.I.F. 
c. August, 1697) 1698. 

T. The Fatal Discovery; or, Love in Ruines. A Tragedy (D.L. 
c. March 1697/8) 1698. 

C. Feign’d Friendship: or The Mad Reformer (L.LF. c. 1698) 
[1698]. 

ARROWSMITH, — ; 

C. The Reformation (D.G. c. September 1673) 1673. [Attri- 

buted to Arrowsmith by Langbaine.] 


BAILEY, ABRAHAM. 
C. The Spightful Sister. A New Comedy (unacted), 1667. 


BANCROFT, JOHN. 
T. The Tragedy of Sertorius (D.L. c. March 1678/9) 1679. 
Play. King Edward the Third, with the Fall of Mortimer 
Earl of March. An Historicall Play (D.L. c. December 
1690) 1691. [Attributed to Bancroft by Coxeter.] 


rs) "Sa ee 


352 


Tks 


HAND-LIST OF 


Henry the Second, King of England; with the Death of 
Rosamond (D.L. Nov. 1692) 1693. [Attributed to Bancroft 
by Gildon.] 


BANKS, JOHN. 


Ws 


=f Syl 


4 


The Rival Kings: or The Loves of Oroondates and Statira 
(D.L. c. June 1677) 1677. 

The Destruction of Troy (D.G. c. November 1678) 1679. 
The Unhappy Favourite: or the Earl of Essex (D.L. 
c. September 1681) 1682; 1685; 1693; [1699]; 1702; 1712. 
Vertue Betray’d: or, Anna Bullen (D.G. c. April 1682) 
1682; 1692; 1715. 

The Island Queens: Or, The Death of Mary, Queen of 
Scotland....Publish’d only in Defence of the Author and 
the Play, against some mistaken Censures, occasion’d by 
its being prohibited the Stage (unacted) 1684. 

The Innocent Usurper; or, The Death of the Lady Jane 
Gray (unacted, banned by censor) 1694. 

Cyrus the Great: or, The Tragedy of Love (L.I.F. c. 
April 1695) 1696. 

The Albion Queens: or the Death of Mary Queen of 
Scotland (D.L. 1704) 1704. [This is a new edition of 
The Island Queens with alterations.] 


BEDLOE, WILLIAM. 


i 


The Excommunicated Prince: or, The False Relique. A 
Tragedy. As it was Acted by His Holiness’s Servants. 
Being the Popish Plot in a Play (unacted) 1679. [This 
play has been attributed to Thomas Walker of Jesus Coll., 
Oxford. For the title see Langbaine, pp. 15—-16.] 


BEHN, Mrs APHRA or ASTRAEA. 
T.C. The Forc’d Marriage, or the Jealous Bridegroom (L.I.F. 


C. 


C 
fh 
C. 
Cc 


December 1670) 1671; 1688?; 1690. 

The Amorous Prince, or, The Curious Husband (L.LF. 
c. May 1671) 1671. 

The Dutch Lover (D.G. February 1672/3) 1673. 
Abdelazer, or the Moor’s Revenge (D.G. c. April 1676) 
1677; 1693. 

The Town-Fopp: or Sir Timothy Tawdrey (D.G. c. Sep- 
tember 1676) 1677; 1699. 

The Debauchee: or, The Credulous Cuckold (D.G. 


c. February 1676/7) 1677. [Ascribed to Mrs Behn by 
Langbaine.] 


RESTORATION PLAYS 353 


The Rover: Or, The Banish’t Cavaliers (D.G. March 
1676/7) 1677; ? 16973 1709. 

Sir Patient Fancy (D.G. January 1677/8) 1678; ?168r. 
The Feign’d Curtizans, or, A Nights Intrigue (D.G. 
c. March 1678/9) 1679. 


T.C. The Young King: or, The Mistake (D.G. c. June 1679) 


Cc. 


Mim OP 


F. 


1683; 16098. 

The Second Part of the Rover (D.G. February or April 
1680) 1681. 

The Roundheads or, The Good Old Cause (D.G. 
c. December 1681) 1682; 1698. 

The City-Heiress: or, Sir Timothy Treat-all (D.G. 
c. March 1681/2) 1682; 1698. 

The False Count, or, A New Way to play an Old Game 
(D.G. c. September 1682) 1682; 1697 (a reissue). 

The Luckey Chance, or An Alderman’s Bargain (D.L. 
c. April 1686) 1687. 

The Emperor of the Moon (D.G. c. March 1686/7) 1687; 
1688. 


T.C. The Widdow Ranter or, The History of Bacon in Vir- 


C. 


ginia (D.L. c. November 1689) 1690. 
The Younger Brother: or, The Amorous Jilt (D.L. 
c. December 1696) 1696. 


BELON, PETER. 


C. 


The Mock-Duellist, or, The French Vallet (D.L. 
c. May 1675) 1675. [Attributed to Belon by Lang- 
baine.] 


BETTERTON, THOMAS. 


Je 


C. 


Appius and Virginia, Acted...under the name of The 
Roman Virgin or Unjust Judge. (L.I.F. May 1669) 1679. 
[This adaptation of Webster is attributed to Betterton; 
chroniclers mention an edition of 1670, but this I have 
been unable to discover.) 

The Amorous Widow; or, the Wanton Wife (L.IF. 
c. 1670) 1706; 1710 (in The Life of Mr Thomas Betterton); 
and several times thereafter. 

The Revenge: or, A Match in Newgate (D.G. c. August 
1680) 1680. [Attributed to Betterton; an alteration of 
Marston’s Dutch Courtesan.] 


D.O. The Prophetess: or, the History of Dioclesian (D.G. 


June 1690) 1690. [Attributed to Betterton by Gildon 
and others; an alteration from Beaumont and Fletcher.]} 


NRD 23 


354 HAND-LIST OF 


T.C. K. Henry IV with the Humours of Sir John Falstaff 
(L.LF. c. Dec. 1699) 1700. 

The Sequel of Henry the Fourth: With the Humours of 
Sir John Falstaffe, and Justice Shallow (D.L.) [1719]. 
BOOTHBY, Mrs F. 

T.C. Marcelia: or the Treacherous Friend (T.R. c. August 

1669) 1670. 
BOURNE, REUBEN. 

C. The Contented Cuckold, cr the Womans Advocate 
(unacted) 1692. 

BOYLE, ROGER, Earl of ORRERY. 

T. The History of Henry the Fifth. And the Tragedy of 
Mustapha, Son of Solyman the Magnificent ((1) L.I.F. 
August 1664, (2) L.LF. April 1665) Folio 1668; 1669; 
1677; 1690. 

T. Two New Tragedies: The Black Prince, and Tryphon 
((1) T.R. October 1667, (2) L.I.F. December 1668) 
Folio 1669; 1672. 

Mr. Anthony. A Comedy (D.G. c. 1671) 1690. 

C. Guzman (L.LF. April 1669) 1693. 

T. Herod the Great (unacted) 1694. [The Szx Plays of 1694 
consists simply of separate editions of these plays issued 
with a new title page.] 

T. Altemira (altered form of The General, L.I.F. Sept. 1664) 
1702. 

BRADY, Dr. 

T. The Rape: or, The Innocent Impostors (D.L. February 

1691/2) 1692. 
BULTEEL, f. 


C. Amorous Orontus: or the Love in Fashion, 1665; a later 
edition was published as The Amorous Gallant: or, Love 
in Fashion. A Comedie, in Heroick Verse, As it was Acted. 
1675. 

CARLELL, LODOWICK. 


T. Heraclius Emperour Of the East (unacted) 1664. [For 
Carlell’s pre-Restoration plays see Dr W. W. Greg’s 
List of English Plays.| 
CARLISLE, JAMES. 


C. The Fortune-Hunters: or, Two Fools well met (D.L. 
c. March 1688/9) 1689. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 355 


CARTWRIGHT, GEORGE. 


ii nee Heroick-Lover, or, ‘The Infanta of Spain (unacted) 
° 1661. 


CARY, HENRY, Viscount FALKLAND. 
C. The Mariage Night (L.I.F. ? 1664) 1664. 
CARYL, JOHN. 


T. The English Princess, or, The Death of Ricard the III 
(L.L.F. March 1666/7) 1667; 1673. 
C. Sir Salomon; or, The Cautious Coxcomb (L.I.F. c. 1669) 
1671; 1691. 
CAVENDISH, MARY, Duchess of NEWCASTLE. 


Playes written by the Thrice Noble, Illustrious and Excellent 
Princess, The Lady Marchioness of Newcastle. Folio 1662. 
[This volume contains the following plays, all unacted: 
Loves Adventures (2 parts); Several Wits: The wise Wit, 
the wild Wit, the cholerick Wit, the humble Wit; Youths 
Glory and Deaths Banquet (2 parts); The Lady Con- 
templation (2 parts); Wits Cabal (2 parts); The Unnatural 
Tragedie; The Publick VVooing; The Matrimonial 
Trouble (2 parts); Natures Three Daughters, Beauty, 
Love, and Wit (2 parts); The Religious; The Comical 
Hash; Bell in Campo (2 parts); The Apocriphal Ladies; 
The Female Academy.] 

Plays, Never before Printed. Folio, 1668. 

[Contains the following plays, all unacted: The Sociable 
Companions; or, The Female VVits; The Presence; The 
Bridals; The Convent of a Pleasure; and “A Piece of a 
Play.”’] 

CAVENDISH, WILLIAM, Duke of NEWCASTLE. 

C. The Humorous Lovers (L.I.F. March 1667) 1677. 

C. The Triumphant VVidow, or The Medley of Humours 
(D.G. November 1674) 1677. [For Cavendish’s other pre- 
Restoration plays see Dr W. W. Greg, op. cit.] 


CHAMBERLAYNE, Dr WILLIAM. 

T.C. Wits Led by the Nose: or, A Poet’s Revenge (D.L. 
c. September 1677) 1678. [An alteration of the same 
author’s Love’s Victory 1658.] 

CIBBER, COLLEY. 

C. Love’s Last Shift; or, The Fool in Fashion (D.L. January 

1695/6) 1696; 1702. 


23-2 


356 HAND-LIST OF 


C. Womans Wit: or, The Lady in Fashion (D.L. c. December 
1696) 1697. 

T. The Tragical History of King Richard III (D.L. 
c. December 1699) [1700]. [Cibber’s later eighteenth 
century productions are here omitted; they will be found 
enumerated in A History of Early Eighteenth Century 
Drama, pp. 306-14.] 

COCKAIN, Sir ASTON. 

C. The Obstinate Lady: A New Comedy (unacted) 1657. 
Poems. With the Obstinate Lady, and Trapolin A supposed 
Prince... Whereunto is now Added The Tragedy of Ovid 
Intended to be Acted shortly (unacted) 8° 1662; 1669. 


CODRINGTON, ROBERT. 
C. Ignoramus (Court, November 1662) 1662. [I have not 
been able to see a copy of this play.] 


CONGREVE, WILLIAM. 

C. The Old Batchelour (D.L. January 1692/3) 1693 (several 
issues); 1694; 1697; 1707; 1710. 
The Double Dealer (D.L. October 1693) 1694; 1706; 1711. 
Love for Love (L.I.F. April 1695) 1695 (b7s); 1697; 1704; 
r7tt. 
The Mourning Bride (L.I.F. 1697) 1697 (b1s); 1703. 
The Way of the World (L.I.F. March 1699/1700) 1700 
(dis); 1706. [For his post-Restoration productions see 
A History of Early Eighteenth Century Drama, p. 315.] 


COOKE, EDWARD. 
T. Love’s Triumph, or, The Royal Union (unacted) 1678. 


CORYE, ¥OHN. 
C. The Generous Enemies or the Ridiculous Lovers (T.R. 
c, August 1671) 1672. 
COTTON, CHARLES. 
T. Horace, A French Tragedy of Monsieur Corneille. 
Englished by Charles Cotton, Esq. (unacted) 1671. 
COWLEY, ABRAHAM. 


C. Cutter of Coleman-Street (L.I.F. December 1661) 1663; 
1693. [An alteration of the same author’s The Guardian. 
For Cowley’s pre-Restoration works see Dr W. W. Greg, 
op. cit. The Guardian was acted at D.G. in January 


1674/5.] 


Ome ee 


RESTORATION PLAYS 357 


CROWNE, JOHN. 


ye 
oe 


Juliana or The Princess of Poland (L.I.F. c. August 
1671) 1671. 

The History of Charles the Eighth of France, or the 
Invasion of Naples by the French (D.G. c. December 
1671) 1672; 1680 (reissue with variants). 


T. Andromache (D.G. c. August 1674) 1675, 
Masque. Calisto: or, The Chaste Nimph (Court, early in 


ee ri Se? 


4 


$b 


Q8 Of 2OH 


1675) 1675. 

The Countrey Wit (D.G. January 1675/6) 1675; 1693. 
The Destruction of Jerusalem by Titus Vespasian. In 
Two Parts (D.L. January 1676/7) 1677; 1693; 1703. 

The Ambitious Statesman, or the Loyal Favourite (D.L. 
c. March 1678/9) 1679; ?1681. 

The Misery of Civil-War (D.G. c. March 1679/80) 1680; 
reissued in 1681 as Henry the Sixth, The Second Part. Or 
the Misery of Civil War. 

Henry the Sixth, The First Part. With the Murder of 
Humphrey Duke of Glocester (D.G. c. September 1681) 
1681. 

Thyestes (D.L. c. March 1680/1) 1681. 

City Politiques (D.L. January 1682/3) 1683; 1688. 

Sir Courtly Nice: or, It Cannot Be (D.L. May 1685) 
1685; 1693; 1703. 

Darius King of Persia (D.L. May 1688) 1688. 

The English Frier: or, The Town Sparks (D.L. c. March 
1689/90) 1690. 

Regulus (D.L. c. June 1692) 1694. 

The Married Beau: or, The Curious Impertinent (D.L. 
c. Jan. 1694) 1694. 

Caligula (D.L. c. March 1697/8) 1698. 


DANCER, or DAUNCY, FOHN. 
Past. Aminta: The Famous Pastoral (unacted) 1660. 
T.C. Nicomede (acted at T.R. Dublin) 1671. 
T.C. Agrippa King of Alba: or, The False Tiberinus (T.R. 


Dublin) 1675. 


D’AVENANT, Sir WILLIAM. 
Ent. The first days Entertainment at Rutland House (Rutland 


cr 


House, 1656) 1657. 

The Siege of Rhodes Made a Representation by the Art 
of Prospective in Scenes, And the Story sung in Recitative 
Musick (Rutland House, September 1656) 1656; 1659. 


358 HAND-LIST OF 


O. The Siege of Rhodes: The First and Second Part (L.I.F. 
June 1661) 1663; 1670. [The second part was given at the 
Cockpit probably in 1658.] 

O. The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru. Exprest by In- 

strumentall and Vocall Musick, and by Art of Perspective 

in Scenes, &c. (Cockpit, c. June 1658) 1658. 

The History of St Francis Drake (Cockpit, c. June 1658) 

1659. 

The Rivals (L.I.F. before September 1664) 1668. 

The Man’s the Master (L.I.F. March 1667/8) 1669. 

The Tempest, or, The Enchanted Island (L.I.F. Novem- 

ber 1667) 1670. [Written with Dryden: see later Shadwell’s 

opera.| 

D.O. Macbeth....With all the Alterations, Amendments, 

Additions, and New Songs (D.G. February 1672/3) 
1674 (bis); 1687; 1695; 1697; 1710. [An earlier version of 
Macbeth had appeared in 1673; this, while preserving 
features of the adaptation of 1674, is nearer to the Shake- 
speare original.] 
[For D’Avenant’s pre-Restoration works see Dr W. W. 
Greg, op. cit. The Law against Lovers (L.I.F. February 
1661/2) and The Play-House to be Lett (L.1.F.c. Aug. 1663) 
first appeared in The Works of S" William D’avenant Kt. 
Fol. 1673.] 


D’AVENANT, Dr CHARLES. 
D.O. Circe (D.G. May 1676/7) 1677; 1685; 1703. 
DENHAM, Sir JOHN. 
[For his part in Horace, see under Mrs Phillips.] 


DENNIS, JOHN. 
C. A Plot, and No Plot (D.L. May 1697) [1697]. 
T. Rinaldo and Armida (L.I.F. ?1698) 1699. 
T. Iphigenia (L.I.F. 1699) 1700. 
DIGBY, GEORGE, Earl of BRISTOL. 
C. Elvira: or, The worst not always true (L.I.F. c. 1663) 
1667; 1685. 
DILKE, THOMAS. 
C. The Lover’s Luck (L.I.F. c. December 1695) 1696. 
C. The City Lady: or, Folly Reclaim’d (L.I.F. c. Jan. 
1696/7) 1697. 
C. The Pretenders: or, The Town Unmaskt (L.I.F. c. May 
1698) 1698. 


a losee 


RESTORATION PLAYS 359 


DOGGETT, THOMAS. 


Cc. 


The Country-Wake (L..I.F.c. May 1696) 1696; [?1697]. 


DOVER, JOHN. 


as 


The Roman Generalls: or the Distressed Ladies (unacted) 
1667. 


DRAKE, Dr ¥AMES. 


C. 


The Sham Lawyer: or the Lucky Extravagant (D.L. 
c. Sept. 1696) 1697. 


DRYDEN, JOHN. 


C. 


The Wild Gallant (T.R. February 1662/3) 1669; 1684; 
1686; 1694. 


T.C. The Rival Ladies (T.R. c. June 1664) 1664; 1669; 1675; 


1693. 


T. The Indian Emperour, or, The Conquest of Mexico by 


the Spaniards. Being the Sequel of the Indian Queen 
(T.R. ¢. April 1665) 1667; 1668; 1670; 1681; 1686; 1692; 
1694; 1696; 1703. 


T.C. Secret Love, or the Maiden Queen (T.R. March 1666/7) 


Cc. 


Cc 
i 
d} 


1668 ; 1669; 1679; 1691; 1608. 

St Martin Mar-all, or the Feign’d Innocence (L.I.F. 
August 1667) 1668 (d7s); 1678; 1691; 1697. 

An Evening’s Love, or the Mock Astrologer (T.R. June 
1668) 1671 (dis); 1675; 1691. 

Tyrannick Love, or the Royal Martyr (T.R. c. April 1669) 
1670; 1672; 1677; 1686; 1694; 1695; 1702. 

The Conquest of Granada by the Spaniards: In Two 
Parts (T.R. Part I c. December 1670; Part II January 
1670/1) 1672; 1673; 1678; ?1681; 1687; 1695; 1704. 
[The head title reads Almanzor and Almahide, Or, the 
Conquest of Granada.] 

Marriage A-la~Mode (L.I.F. c. May 1672) 1673; 1684; 
1691; 1698. 

The Assignation: or, Love in a Nunnery (L.I.F.c. Novem- 
ber 1672) 1673; 1678; 1692; ?1694. 

Amboyna (L.I.F. c. June 1673) 1673; 1691. [The head 
title reads Amboyna, or the Cruelties of the Dutch to the 
English Merchants.] 

Aureng-Zebe (D.L. November 1675) 1676; 1685; 1692; 
1694; 1699; 1704. 

The State of Innocence, and Fall of Man (unacted) 1677; 
1678; 1684; 1690; 1692; 1695. 


360 HAND-LIST OF 


All for Love or, The World well Lost (D.L. December 
1677) 1678; 1692; 1696; 1703; 1709. 

C. The Kind Keeper; or, Mr Limberham (D.G. March 
1677/8) 1680; 1690; 1701. 
Oedipus (D.G. c. January 1678/9) 1679; 1682; 1687; 
1692; [1694?]; 1701; 1711. [Written in collaboration with 


ee. 

T.C. Troilus and Cressida, or, Truth Found too Late (D.G. 
c. April 1679) 1679; 1695; ?1697. 

C. The Spanish Fryar or, The Double Discovery (D.G. 
March 1679/80) 1681; 1686; 1690; 1695; 1704; 1717. 

T. The Duke of Guise (D.L. prepared for July 1682, but 
banned until November following) 1683; 1687; 1699. 
D.O, Albion and Albanius (D.G. June 1685) Folio 1685; 

4° 1691. 

T. Don Sebastian, King of Portugal (D.L. December 1689) 
1690; 1692. 

C. Amphitryon; or, The Two Socia’s (D.L. April 1690) 
1690; reissue 1691; 1694; 1706. 

D.O. King Arthur: or, The British Worthy (D.G. c. May 
1691) 1691; reissued with prologue and epilogue same 
year; 1695. 

T. Cleomenes, the Spartan Heroe (D.L. April 1692) 1692. 

T.C. Love Triumphant; or, Nature will Prevail (D.L. c. Dec. 


1693) 1694. 
DRYDEN, JOHN fFnr. 
C. The Husband his Own Cuckold (L.I.F. 1695) 1696. 


DUFFETT, THOMAS. 
C. The Spanish Rogue (L.I.F. c. June 1673) 1674. 
Burlesque. The Empress of Morocco. A Farce (D.L. c. Dec. 
1673) 1674. 
Burlesque. The Mock-Tempest: or The Enchanted Castle 
(D.L. November 1674) 1675. 
Burlesque. Psyche Debauch’d (D.L. c. May 1675) 1678. 
Masque. Beauties Triumph; A Masque. Presented by the 
Scholars of Mr Jeffery Banister, and Mr James Hart.... 
At Chelsey. 1676. 
D’URFEY, THOMAS. 
T. The Siege of Memphis, or The Ambitious Queen (D.L. 
c. September 1676) 1676. 
C. Madam Fickle: or the Witty False One (D.G. November 
1676) 1677; 1682; 1691. 


if 


Aa age as 


RESTORATION PLAYS 361 


igi Fool Turn’d Critick (D.L. November, 1676) 
1678. 

A Fond Husband: or, The Plotting Sisters (D.G. May 
1676) 1677; 1685; 1711. 

Trick for Trick: or, The Debauch’d Hypocrite (D.L. 
ce. March 1677/8) 1678. 

Squire Oldsapp: or, The Night-Adventurers (D.G. 
c. June 1678) 1679. 

The Virtuous Wife; or, Good Luck at last (D.G. c. Sep- 
tember 1679) 1680. 

Sir Barnaby Whigg: or, No Wit like a Womans (D.L. 
c. September 1681) 1681. 

The Royalist (D.G. January 1681/2) 1682. 


T.C. The Injured Princess, or The Fatal VVager (D.L. 


c. March 1681/2) 1682. 


Play. A Common-Wealth of Women. A Play (D.L. c. Sep- 


tember 1685) 1686. 


Play. The Banditti, or, A Ladies Distress. A Play (D.L. 


c. 


C. 


ARO Ff A 


February 1685/6) 1686. 

A Fool’s Preferment, or, The Three Dukes of Dunstable 
(D.G. c. April 1688) 1688. 

Bussy D’Ambois, or the Husbands Revenge (D.L. 
c. March 1690/1) 1691. 

Love for Money: or, the Boarding School (D.L. ¢. Dec. 
1689) 1691; reissued with new title page same year; 1691; 
1696. 

The Marriage-Hater Match’d (D.L. January 1691/2) 
1692; 1693. 

The Richmond Heiress: or, A Woman Once in the Right 
(D.L. c. February 1692/3) 1693. 

The Comical History of Don Quixote (D.G. c. May 
1694) 1694 (ds). 

The Comical History of Don Quixote....Part the Second 
(D.G. c. May 1694) 1694. 

The Comical History of Don Quixote. The Third Part. 
With the Marriage of Mary the Buxome (D.G. ?c. Nov. 
1695) 1696. 

The Intrigues at Versailles: or, A Jilt in all Humours 
(L.L.F. c. February 1696/7) 1697 (42s). 


D.O. A New Opera, call’d Cinthia and Endimion: or, The 


Cc. 


Loves of the Deities (D.L. c. September 1697) 1697. 
The Campaigners: or, The Pleasant Adventures at Brussels 
(D.L. ce. Nov. 1698) 1698. 


362 


HAND-LIST OF 


T. The Famous History of the Rise and Fall of Massaniello. 


C. 
C. 


In Two Parts (D.L. c. May 1699) 1700. [The second 
part has the title: The Famous History and Fall of Mas- 
sainello: or, A Fisherman a Prince. The Second Part... 
1699. 

The sti or, The Western Lass (D.L. 1701) 1701. 
[Whincop avers this was produced in 1697.] 

The Old Mode & the New, or, Country Miss with her 
Furbeloe (D.L. February 1703) [1704]. 


C.O. Wonders in the Sun: or, The Kingdom of the Birds 


C; 


(Haymarket, 1706) 1706. 
The Modern Prophets: or, New Wit for a Husband 
(D.L. 1709) [1709]. 


D.O. New Opera’s, with Comical Stories. 1721. [Containing: 


The Grecian Heroine: or, The Fate of Tyranny ; The Two 
Queens of Brentford: or, Bayes no Poetaster; Ariadne: 
or, The Triumph of Bacchus.] 


Scenario. The English Stage Italianiz’d, In a New Dramatic 


Entertainment, called Dido and Aeneas: or, Harlequin, 
A Butler, a Pimp, a Minister of State, Generalissimo, and 
Lord High Admiral, dead and alive again, and at last 
crown’d King of Carthage, by Dido. A Tragi-Comedy, 
after the Italian Manner: by way of Essay, or first step 
towards the farther Improvement of the English Stage. 1727. 
[Possibly spurious.] 


ECCLESTONE, EDWARD. 
D.O. Noah’s Flood, or, The Destruction of the World 


(unacted) 1679; reissued as The Deluge: or, The Destruc- 
tion of the World 1690. [Another issue as The Cataclysm 
seems to have appeared in 1685.] 


ECHARD, LAWRENCE. 


Amphitryon, Epidicus and Rudens made English, with 
Critical Remarks. 1694. 

Terence’s Comedies, made English. 1694. [Of these only 
The Eunuch was acted, D.L. 1717.] 


ETHEREGE, Sir GEORGE. 


C. 
C. 
C. 


The Comical Revenge; or, Love in a Tub (L.I.F. March 
1664) 1664 (bis); 1667; 1669, 1689; 1690; 1697. 

She wou’d if she cou’d (L.I.F. February 1667/8) 1668; 
16713; 1693. 

The Man of Mode, or, St Fopling Flutter (D.G. March 
1675/6) 1676; 1684; 1693. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 363 


FANE, Sir FRANCIS. 

C. Love in the Dark, or The Man of Bus’ness (D.L. May 
1675) 1675. 

T. The Sacrifice (unacted) 1686; 1687; the latter reissued 
as the third edition the same year. [For Fane’s Masque for 
Rochester’s Valentinian see 'Tate’s Poems by Several Hands, 
1685.] 

FANSHAWE, Sir RICHARD. 
Fiestas de Aranjuez: Festivals represented at Aranvvhez 
before the King and Queen of Spain. 1670; reissued as 
Querer Por Solo Querer: To Love only for Love Sake, 
1671. [In 1648 Fanshawe published J] Pastor Fido; 
reprinted 1664 and 1676.] 

FARQUHAR, GEORGE. 

C. Love and a Bottle (D.L. 1699) 1699. 

C. The Constant Couple or a Trip to the Jubilee (D.L. 
Nov. 1699) 1699; 1700; 1704. [For his post-Restoration 
works see A History of Early Eighteenth Century Drama, 
PP. 321-3.] 

FILMER, Dr EDWARD. 
T. The Unnatural Brother (L.I.F. c. March 1696/7) 1697. 


FLECKNOE, RICHARD. 

T.C. Love’s Dominion, a Dramatique Piece, Full of Excellent 
Moralitie; Written as a Pattern for the Reformed Stage 
(unacted) 1654; altered and reprinted as Love’s Kingdom. 
A Pastoral Trage-Comedy. Not as it was Acted at the 
Theatre near Lincolns-Inn, but as it was written, and since 
corrected by Richard Flecknoe, 1664; reissued 1674 (acted 
at L.I.F. probably in 1664). 

T.C. Erminia. Or, The fair and vertuous Lady (unacted) 1661. 

C. The Damoiselles ala Mode (T.R. September 1668) 1667. 


FORDE, THOMAS. 
Virtus Rediviva. A Panegyrick....1661. [Contains Loves 
Labyrinth: A Tragi-Comedy, with as a sub-title, or, The 
Royal Shepherdess. This was evidently unacted.] 


FOUNTAIN, JOHN. 
C. The Revvards of Vertue (unacted) 1661. 
GILDON, CHARLES. 


T. The Roman Bride’s Revenge (D.L. 1697) 1697. 
T. Phaeton: or, The Fatal Divorce (D.L. 1698) 1698. 


364 HAND-LIST OF 


C. Measure for Measure, or Beauty the Best Advocate 
(L.I.F. c. 1699) 1700. 

T. Love’s Victim: or, The Queen of Wales (L.I.F. 1701) 
1701. 

T. The Patriot: or, The Italian Conspiracy (D.L. 1703) 
1703; reissued the same year as The Italian Patriot. 


GOULD, ROBERT. 
T. The Rival Sisters: or, The Violence of Love (D.L. e. Oct. 
1695) 1696. 
GRANVILLE, GEORGE, Lord LANSDOWNE. 
The She-Gallants (L.I.F. c. December 1695) 1696. 
Heroick Love (L.I.F. c. December 1697) 1698. 
The Jew of Venice (L.1.F. 1701) 1701. 
The British Enchanters: or, No Magick like Love (Hay- 
market, February 1706) 1706. [The first three dramas were 
reprinted as Three Plays in 1713; and the last was included 
in Poems upon Several Occasions, 1712, with a separate 
title page dated 1710. All four appear in Four Plays, 1732 
and in The Genuine Works of the same year and of 1736.] 
GREEN, ALEXANDER. 
C. The Politician Cheated. A New Comedy (unacted) 1663. 
HARRIS, JOSEPH. 
T.C. The Mistakes, or, The False Report (D.L. c. December 
1690) 1691. 
C. The City Bride: or, The Merry Cuckold (L.LF. c. Jan. 
1696) 1696. 
_ C. Love’s a Lottery, and a Woman the Prize. With a New 
Masque, call’d Love and Riches Reconcil’d (L.LF. 
c. March 1698/9) 1699. 
HAYNES, JOE. 


T. A Fatal Mistake: or, The Plot Spoil’d. 1692. [It is highly 
questionable if this play was ever acted; it was probably 
intended as a burlesque.] 

HIGDEN, HENRY. 

C. The Wary Widdow: or, Sir Noisy Parrat (D.L. February 

1692/3) 1693. 
HOPKINS, CHARLES. 
T. Pyrrhus, King of Epirus (L.1.F. c. August 1695) 1695. 


Play. The Neglected Virtue: or, The Unhappy Conquerour 
(D.L. 1696) 1696. 


sielsio 


RESTORATION PLAYS 365 


T. Boadicea Queen of Britain (L.I.F. 1697) 1697. 
T. Friendship Improv’d; or, The Female Warriour (L.LF. 
November 1699) 1700. 
HOWARD, Hon. EDWARD. 
T. The Usurper (T.R. January 1663/4) 1668. 
T.C. The Womens Conquest (L.I.F. c. November 1670) 1671. 
C. The Six days Adventure, or the New Utopia (L.LF. 
c. March 1670/1) 1671. 
C. The Man of Newmarket (D.L. c. April 1678) 1678. 
HOWARD, Hon. JAMES. 
C. The English Mounsieur (T.R. December 1666) 1674. 
C. All Mistaken, or the Mad Couple (T.R. September 1667) 
1672. 
HOWARD, Sir ROBERT. 
Poems. 1660. [Contains The Blind Lady. A Comedy; 
unacted.] 
Four New Plays, Viz: The Surprisal, Committee, comedies. 
The Indian-Queen, Vestal-Virgin, Tragedies. Folio 1665. 
[(z) T.R. Nov. 1662; (2) T.R. before November 1662; 
(3) T.R. January 1663/4; (4) T.R. c. 1664.] 
T. The Great Favourite, Or, the Duke of Lerma (T.R. 
February 1667/8) 1668. [All four were reprinted in Five 
New Plays, 1692, reissued 1700.] 


JEVON, THOMAS. 
C. The Devil of a Wife, or A Comical Transformation (D.G. 
March 1685/6) 1686; 1693; 1695 (ds). 
JORDAN, THOMAS. 
[For his early works see Dr W. W. Greg, of. cit.] 
Ent. Bacchus Festival: or, A New Medley: being a Musical 
Representation at the Entertainment of his Excellency the 
Lord General Monk at Vintners Hail, 12 April 1660. 1660. 
F. A new droll: or The Counter Scuffle. The Second Part. 
1663. 
Cc. Money is an Asse (place of acting not known) 1668. 


Pageants: 
London’s Resurrection to Joy and Triumph. 1671. 
London Triumphant: or, The City in Jollity and Splendour. 
1672. 
aie in its Splendor. 1673. 
The Goldsmiths Jubile: or, London’s Triumphs. 1674. 
The Triumphs of London. 1675. 


366 


HAND-LIST OF 


London’s Triumphs. 1676. 
Londons Triumphs. 1677. 

The Triumphs of London. 1678. 
London in Luster. 1679. 
London’s Glory. 1680. 
London’s Joy. 1681. 

The Lord Mayor’s Show. 1682. 
The Triumphs of London. 1683. 
London’s Royal Triumph. 1684. 


JOYNER, WILLIAM. 
T. The Roman Empress (T.R. c. August 1670) 1671. 


KILLIGREW, THOMAS. 


[For his pre-Restoration plays see Dr W. W. Greg, op. cit.] 
Comedies, and Tragedies. Folio 1664. [Contains, besides 
The Prisoners and Claracilla, both issued in 1641: The 
Princess: Or, Love at first Sight (unacted?); The Parson’s 
Wedding (T.R. October 1664); The Pilgrim (unacted?); 
Cicilia and Clorinda, Or, Love in Arms (two parts: 
unacted?); Thomaso, Or, The Wanderer (two parts: 
unacted?); Bellamira her Dream: Or, The Love of 
Shadows (unacted?).] 


KILLIGREW, Sir WILLIAM. 


Three Playes. Folio 1664; 1674. [Contains: Selindra 
(T.R. March 1661/2); Pandora (or, The Converts) (T.R. 
c. 1662); Ormasdes (or, Love and Friendship) (unacted?).] 
Four New Playes. Folio 1666. [Contains, besides the above 
three: The Seege of Urbin (unacted?).] 


KIRKMAN, FRANCIS. 
P. The Presbyterian Lash. Or, Noctroff’s Maid Whipt (un- 


acted) 1661. [Has been attributed to Kirkman, perhaps 
erroneously. | 

The Wits, or, Sport upon Sport. 1662. [Contains a 
number of drolls.] 

The Wits; or, Sport upon Sport. In Selected Pieces of 
Drollery. 1672. [Reprint of above with ten new examples.] 
The Wits. Or, Sport upon Sport. 1673. [Reprint of drolls 


in above.] 


LACY, JOHN. 
F.C. The Old Troop: or, Monsieur Raggou (T.R. c. 1665) 


1672; 1698. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 367 


C. Sauny the Scott: or, The Taming of the Shrew (T.R. 
April 1667) 1698; 1708; 1714. 

F.C. The Dumb Lady, or, The Farrier Made Physician (T.R. 
1669) 1672. 

C. Sir Hercules Buffoon, or, The Poetical Squire (D.G. 
c. September 1684) 1684. 


LEANERD, JOHN. 
C. The Country Innocence: or, The Chamber-Maid turn’d 
Quaker (D.L. c. April 1677) 1677. 
C. The Rambling Justice, or the Jealous Husbands (D.L. 
c. March 1677/8) 1678; 1694. 
C. The Counterfeits (D.G. May 1678) 1679. 


LEE, NATHANIEL. 
T. The Tragedy of Nero, Emperour of Rome (D.L. May 
1674) 1675; 1692; 1696. 
T. Sophonisba, or Hannibal’s Overthrow (D.L. April 1675) 
1676; 1681; 1685; 1691; 1693; 1697; 1704; 1709; 1712. 
T. Gloriana, or the Court of Augustus Caesar (D.L. January 
1675/6) 1676; 1699. 

T. The Rival Queens, or the Death of Alexander the Great 
(D.L. March 1676/7) 1677; 1684; 1690; 1694; 1699; 1702; 
1704. 

Mithridates, King of Pontus (D.L. c. March 1677/8) 
1678; 1685; 1693; 1697; 1702; I7II. 

Caesar Borgia: the Son of Pope Alexander the Sixth (D.G. 
c. September 1679) 1680; 1696; 1711. 

Theodosius; or, The Force of Love (D.G. c. September 
1680) 1680; 1684; 1692; 1697; 1708. 

Lucius Junius Brutus, Father of his Country (D.G. 
December 1680) 1681; 1708. 

The Princess of Cleve (D.G. 1681) 1689; 1697. 
Constantine the Great (D.L. c. December 1683) 1684. 

T. The Massacre of Paris (D.L. October 1689) 1690. 


MAIDWELL, LAURENCE. 
C. The Loving Enemies (D.G. c. October 1679) 1680. 


MANLEY, Mrs. 
C. The Lost Lover; or the Jealous Husband (D.L. c. April 
1696) 1696. 
T. The Royal Mischief (L.I.F. c. April 1696) 1696. 
T. Almyna: or, the Arabian Vow (Haymarket, December 


1706) 1707. 


cite hae laa Bi a 


368 HAND-LIST OF 


T. Lucius, the First Christian King of Britain (D.L. May 

E77 2717; 1720. 
MEDBOURNE, MATTHEW. 

C. ‘Tartuffe; or, The French Puritan (T.R. c. April 1670) 
1670; 1707. 

MOTTEUX, PETER ANTHONY. 

C. Love’s a Jest (L.LF. c. September 1696) 1696. 

Play. Loves of Mars and Venus (L.I.F. c. March 1697) 1697. 

C. The Novelty. Every Act a Play (L.LF. c. June 1697) 1697. 

Interlude. Europe’s Revels (L.I.F. 1697) 1697. 

T. Beauty in Distress (L.I.F. c. April 1698) 1698. 

O. The Island Princess, or the Generous Portuguese (D.L. 
c. Dec. 1698) 1699; 1701. [For Motteux’ other works see 
A History of Early Eighteenth Century Drama, pp. 345-6.] 

MOUNTFORT, WILLIAM. 

F. The Life and Death of Doctor Faustus. Made into a 
Farce....With the Humours of Harlequin and Scara- 
mouche (D.G. c. 1686) 1697. 

T. The Injur’d Lovers: or, The Ambitious Father (D.L. 
c. March 1687/8) 1688. 

T.C. The Successfull Straingers (D.L. c. December 1689) 
1690; 1696. 

C. Greenwich Park (D.L. c. June 1691) 1691. 

T. Zelmane, or, The Corinthian Queen (L.I.F. 1705) 1705. 

NORTON, — 
T. Pausanias, the Betrayer of his Country (D.L. 1696) 1696. 
OLDMIXON, JOHN. 

Past. Amintas (D.L. 1698) 1698. 

O. The Grove. Or, Love’s Paradice (D.L. 1700) 1700, 

T. The Governour of Cyprus (L.I.F. 1703) 1703. 

OTWAY, THOMAS. 


T. Alcibiades (D.G. September 1675) 1675; 1687. 

T. Don Carlos, Prince of Spain (D.G. June 1676) 1676; 
1679; 1686; 1695; 1704. 

T.and F. Titus and Berenice....With a Farce call’d the Cheats 
of Scapin (D.G. c. December 1676) 1677; 1701. 

C. Friendship in Fashion (D.G. April 1678) 1678. 

T. The History and Fall of Caius Marius (D.G. c. September 
1679) 1680; 1692; 1694; 1696; 1703. 

T, The Orphan: or, the Unhappy Marriage (D.G. c. March 
1680) 1680; 1685; 1691; 1696; 1703; 1705; 1711. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 369 


C. The Souldiers Fortune (D.G. March 1679/80) 1681; 
1683; 1687; 1695. 
Venice Preserv’d; or, A Plot Discover’d (D.G. February 
1681/2) 1682; 1696; 1704. 

C. The Atheist. Or, the Second Part of the Souldiers Fortune 
(D.G. c. September 1683) 1684. 


PAYNE, NEVIL. 
T. The Fatal Jealousie (D.G. August 1672) 1673. 
C. The Morning Ramble, or, The Town-Humours (D.G. 
November 1672) 1673. 
T. The Siege of Constantinople (D.G. November 1674) 
1675. 
PERRIN, P. 
O. Ariadne, or, The Marriage of Bacchus. [French text; 
Ariane, ou le Mariage de Bacchus....Compose par le 
sieur P. P. 1673. Acted at D.L. March 1673/4.] 


PHILIPS, Mrs CATHERINE. 
T. Pompey (Dublin, Feb. 1662/3). Dublin 1663; London 
1663; 1667 (in Poems by the most deservedly Admired 
The Matchless Orinda); 1669; 1678; 1710. [In the col- 
lection of Poems appears also Horace of which a part is by 
Sir John Denham; probably acted at court, February 
1667/8.] 


PHILIPS, WILLIAM. 
T. The Revengeful Queen (D.L. 1698) 1698. 


PIX, Mrs MARY. 

F.C. The Spanish Wives (D.L. c. September 1696) 1696. 

T. Ibrahim the Thirteenth Emperour of the Turks (D.L. 
1696) 1696. 
The Innocent Mistress (L.I.F. c. September 1697) 1697. 
The Deceiver Deceived (L.I.F. c. December 1697) 1698. 
Queen Catharine or, the Ruines of Love (L.I.F. c. Sep- 
tember 1698) 1698. 
The False Friend: or, The Fate of Disobedience (L.I.F. 
1699) 1699. [On the other post-Restoration works see 
A History of Early Eighteenth Century Drama, pp. 349-50.] 
PORDAGE, SAMUEL. 

Poems upon Several Occasions. 1660. [Contains Troades, 


never acted.] 
T. Herod and Mariamne (L.I.F. October 1673) 1673; 1674. 
T. The Siege of Babylon (D.G. c. September 1677) 1678. 


NRD 24 


4 Hag 


37° 


HAND-LIST OF 


PORTER, THOMAS. 


i 
T.C 


<<. 
Cc. 


The Villain (L.I.F. October 1662) 1663; 1670; 1694. 

. A Witty Combat: or, the Female Victor (L.I.F. April 1664) 
1663. [The date of acting is correct only if this play be 
accepted as The German Princess mentioned by Pepys 
on April 15, 1664.] 

The Carnival (T.R. c. 1663) 1664. 

The French Conjurer (D.G. c. July 1677) 1678. 


POWELL, GEORGE. 


ly 


Ty 


The Treacherous Brothers (D.L. ce. December 1689) 
1690; 1696; 1699. 
Alphonso King of Naples (D.L. c. December 1690) 1691. 


C. A Very Good Wife (D.L. March 1692/3) 1693; 1703. 
D.O. Bonduca; or, The British Heroine (D.L. c. Sept. 1695) 


1696. 


D.O. A New Opera: called, Brutus of Alba: or, Augusta’s 


C. 
C. 


Triumph (D.G. c. October 1696) 1697. 

The Cornish Comedy (D.G. 1696) 1696. 

The Imposture Defeated: or, A Trick to Cheat the Devil 
(D.L. c. September 1697) 1698. 


RAVENSCROFT, EDWARD. 


EERO NS 2G: 


oC 


gee oot oO Ho 


The Citizen turn’d Gentleman (D.G. July 1672) 1672; 
reissued as Mamamouchi 1675. 

The Careless Lovers (D.G. March 1672/3) 1673. 

The Wrangling Lovers: or, The Invisible Mistress (D.G. 
c. September 1676) 1677. 

Scaramouch a Philosopher, Harlequin A School-Boy, 
Bravo, Merchant, and Magician. A Comedy After the 
Italian Manner (D.L. May 1677) 1677. 

. King Edgar and Alfreda (D.L. c. December 1677) 1677. 
The English Lawyer (D.L. c. December 1677) 1678. 

The London Cuckolds (D.G. November 1681) 1682; 
1688; 1697. 

Dame Dobson: or, The Cunning Woman (D.G. c. Sep- 
tember 1683) 1684. 

Titus Andronicus, or the Rape of Lavinia (D.L. c. April 
1686) 1687. 

The Canterbury Guests; or, A Bargain Broken (D.L. 
September 1694) 1695. 

The Anatomist: or, the Sham Doctor (L.1.F. c. March 
1697) 1697. 

The Italian Husband (L.I.F. 1697) 1698. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 371 


RAWLINS, THOMAS. 

C. Tom Essence: or, The Modish Wife (D.G. c. September 
1676) 1677. 

C. Tunbridge-Wells: or, A Day’s Courtship (D.G. ¢. March 
1677/8) 1678. 

REVET, EDWARD. 
C. The Town-Shifts, or, the Suburb-Justice (L.I.F. c. April 
1671) 1671. 
RHODES, RICHARD. 
C. Flora’s Vagaries (T.R. November 1663) 1670; 1677. 
LA ROCHE-GUILHEN, Madame. 
C. Rare en Tout (Court, May 1677) 1677. 
RYMER, THOMAS. 

T. Edgar, or the English Monarch; an Heroick Tragedy 

(unacted) 1678; 1691 (as The English Monarch); 1693. 
SADLER, ANTHONY. 

P. The Subject’s Joy for the King’s Restoration (unacted) 
1660. 

ST SERFE, Sir THOMAS. 

C. Tarugo’s Wiles, or, the Coffee-House (L.I.F. October 
1667) 1668. 

SAUNDERS, CHARLES. 
T. Tamerlane The Great (D.L. c. March 1681) 1681. 
SCOTT, THOMAS. 

C. The Mock-Marriage (D.G. c. Oct. 1695) 1696. 

T. The Unhappy Kindness: or, A Fruitless Revenge (D.L. 
1697) 1697. 

SEDLEY, Sir CHARLES. 

C. The Mulberry-Garden (T.R. May 1668) 1668; 1675; 
1688. 

T. Antony and Cleopatra (D.G. February 1676/7) 1677; 
1690; 1696. 

C. Bellamira, or the Mistress (D.L. May 1687) 1687. [Some 
later plays will be found in the eighteenth century editions 
of Sedley’s Works.] 

SETTLE, ELKANAH. 

T. Cambyses King of Persia (L.I.F. c. Jan. 1670/1) 1671 ; 1672; 
1675; 1692. 

T. The Empress of Morocco (D.G. July 1673; probably 
produced at Court in 1671) 1673 (two issues); 1687; 
1698. 

24-2 


372 HAND-LIST OF 


T. Love and Revenge (D.G. November 1674) 1675. 

T. The Conquest of China, By the Tartars (D.G. May 1675) 
1676. 

T Tieahiin The Illustrious Bassa (D.G. c. June 1676) 1677; 
1694. 

Past. Panot Fido: or, The Faithful Shepherd (D.G. c. Decem- 

ber 1676) 1677; 1689; 1694. 

Fatal Love: or, The Forc’d Inconstancy (D.L. c. Sep- 

tember 1680) 1680. 

The Female Prelate: Being The History of the Life and 

Death of Pope Joan (D.L. c. September 1679) 1680; 1689. 

The Heir of Morocco, with the Death of Gayland (D.L. 

c. March 1682) 1682. 

Distress’d Innocence: or, The Princess of Persia (D.L. 

c. October 1690) 1691. 

The Fairy-Queen (D.G. April 1692) 1692; 1693. 

The New Athenian Comedy (unacted) 1693. 

The Ambitious Slave: or, a Generous Revenge (D.L. 


February 1693/4) 1694. 
T.C. Philaster, or Love lies a-bleeding (D.L. c. December 


1695) 1695. 

D.O. The World in the Moon (D.G. May 1697) 1697 (ds). 

D.O. The Virgin Prophetess: or, The Fate of Troy (D.L. 1701) 
1701; 1702 (as Cassandra, or, The Virgin Prophetesse). 

D.O. The Siege of Troy (unacted) 1707. 

D.O. The City-Ramble: or, A Play-House Wedding (D.L. 
August 1711) [179]. 

D.O. The Lady’s Triumph (L.I.F. 1718) 1718. 

SHADWELL, THOMAS. 

C. The Sullen Lovers: Or, the Impertinents (L.I.F. May 
1668) 1668; 1670; 1693. 

T.C. The Royal Shepherdess (L.I.F. February 1668/9) 1669; 
1691. 

C. The Humorists (L.1.F. c. December 1670) 1671. 

C. The Miser (T.R. January 1671/2) 1672; 1691. 

C. Epsom Wells (D.G. December 1672) 1673; 1676; 1693; 
1704. 

D.O. The Tempest, or the Enchanted Island (D.G. April 
1674) 1674; 1676 (bis); 1690; 1695; 1701. 

D.O. Psyche (D.G. February 1674/5) 1675; 1690. 

C. The Libertine (D.G. June 1675) 1676; 1697; 1704; 
T708. 

C. The Virtuoso (D.G. May 1676) 1676; 1691; 1704. 


pe ee a tae 


RESTORATION PLAYS 373 


The History of Timon of Athens, The Man-Hater.... Made 
into a Play (D.G. c. January 1677/8) 1678; 1680?; 1688; 
1696; 1703. 

A True Widow (D.G. ¢c. March 1677/8) 1679; 1689. 

The Woman-Captain (D.G. c. September 1679) 1680. 
The Lancashire VVitches, And Tegue o Divelly The Irish 
Priest (D.G. c. September 1681) 1682; 1691. 

The Squire of Alsatia (D.L. May, 1688) 1688; 1692; 
1693; 1699. 

Bury Fair (D.L. c. April 1689) 1689. 

The Amorous Bigotte: with the Second Part of Tegue 
O Divelly (D.L. c. March 1689/90) 1690; 1691. 

The Scowrers (D.L. c. December 1690) 1691. 

The Volunteers: or The Stock Jobbers (D.L. Nov. 1692) 
1693. 

SHIPMAN, THOMAS. 

T. Henry the Third of France, Stabbed by a Fryer. With the 

Fall of the Guise (D.L. c. July 1678) 1678. 
SMITH, HENRY. 
T. The Princess of Parma (L.I.F. c. Jan. 1699) 1699. 
SMITH, JOHN. 

C. Cytherea: or The Enamouring Girdle. A New Comedy 

(unacted) 1677. 
SMYTH, JOHN. 

C. Win her and Take her, or, Old Fools Will be Medling 
(D.L. 1691) 1691. [Attributed: it is possible that the play 
is by Underhill, who published it.] 

SOUTHERNE, THOMAS. 

T. The Loyal Brother: or, The Persian Prince (D.L. c. March 
1681/2) 1682. 

Play. The Disappointment: or, The Mother in Fashion (D.L. 
c. April 1684) 1684. 

C. Sir Anthony Love: or, The Rambling Lady (D.L. c. De- 
cember 1690) 1691; 1698. 

C. The Wives Excuse: or, Cuckolds make themselves (D.L. 
December 1691) 1692. 

C. The Maid’s Last Prayer: or, Any, rather than Fail (D.L. 
January 1692/3) 1693. 

Play. The Fatal Marriage: or, The Innocent Adultery (D.L. 


February 1693/4) 1694. 
T. Oroonoko (D.L. c. Nov. 1695) 1696; 1699 (ds). 


4 


aA pn fe Af 


374 HAND-LIST OF 


T. The Fate of Capua (L.I.F. 1700) 1700. 
T. The Spartan Dame (D.L. December 1719) 1719. 
T. Money the Mistress (L.I.F. February 1726) 1726. 


SOUTHLAND, THOMAS. 

C. Love a la Mode (acted at Middlesex-House) 1663. 
[Initials T.S. only are given in the play; but it is almost 
certain that the play was by T. Southland, brother-in-law 
of Sir Robert Colbrand bart., who married Mary, daughter 
of Thomas Southland, of Lee, co. Kent.] 


STAPYLTON, Sir ROBERT. 
C. The Slighted Maid (L.I.F. February 1662/3) 1663. 
T.C. The Step-mother (L.I.F. c. November 1663) 1664. 
T. The Tragedie of Hero and Leander (unacted) 1669. 


TALBOT, f. 
T. Troas (unacted) 1686. 


TATE, NAHUM. 
T. Brutus of Alba: or, The Enchanted Lovers (D.G. c. July 
1678) 1678. 
The Loyal General (D.G. c. December 1679) 1680. 
The History of King Richard the Second (D.L. c. Decem- 
ber 1680) 1681; 1691 (as The Sicilian Usurper). 
The History of King Lear (D.G. c. March 1681) 1681; 
1689; 1703; 1712. 
The Ingratitude of a Common-Wealth: Or, the Fall of 
Caius Martius Coriolanus (D.L.c. December 1681) 1682. 
A Duke and No Duke (D.L. November 1684) 1685; 
1693 (with an additional preface). 
F. Cuckolds-Haven: or, an Alderman No Conjurer. A Farce 
(D.G. c. May 1685) 1685. 
T.C. The Island-Princess (D.L. April 1687) 1687. 
T. Injur’d Love: or, The Cruel Husband...design’d to be 
Acted at the Theatre Royal. 1707. ? 
TATHAM, JOHN. 
[For his pre-Restoration works see Dr W. W. Greg, 
op. cit.) 
C. The Rump: or The Mirrour of The late Times, A New 
Comedy (Dorset Court, June 1660) 1660; 1661. 
Pageants: 
London’s Glory 1660. 
London’s Tryumphs 1661. 
Aqua Triumphalis 1662. 


RESTORATION PLAYS 375 


London’s Triumph 1662. 
Londinium Triumphans 1663. 
London’s Triumphs 1664. 
THOMSON, THOMAS. 
C. The Life of Mother Shipton. A New Comedy. As it was 


Acted Nineteen dayes together with great Applause.... 
Written by T. T. N.D. [1660?]. 


C. The English Rogue...As it was acted before several Persons 

of Honour with Great Applause. Written by T. T. 1668. 
TROTTER, Mrs CATHERINE. 

T. Agnes de Castro (D.L. c. December 1695) 1696. 

T. Fatal Friendship (L.I.F. 1698) 1698. 

C. Love at a Loss: or, Most Votes carry it (D.L. ? 1701) 1701. 

T. The Unhappy Penitent (D.L. 1701) 1701. 

T. The Revolution of Sweden (L.I.F. February 1706) 1706. 

TUKE, RICHARD. 
The Divine Comedian: or, The Right Use of Plays, 
Improved, in a sacred Tragy-Comedy (unacted) 1672. 
TUKE, Sir SAMUEL. 

T.C, The Adventures of Five Hours (L.I.F. January 1662/3; 

rehearsal December 1662) 1663; 1664; 1671; 1704; 1712. 
VANBRUGH, Sir JOHN. 

C. The Relapse: or, Virtue in Danger (D.L. December 
1696) 1697. 

C. The Provok’d Wife (L.I.F. May 1697) 1697; 1698; 1709. 

C. Aesop (D.L. Part Ic. December 1696; Part IIc. March 
1696/7) 1697; 1702. 

C. The Pilgrim (D.L. c. April 1700) 1700. [See A History 
of Early Eighteenth Century Drama, pp. 361-2.] 

VILLIERS, GEORGE, Duke of BUCKINGHAM. 
C. The Rehearsal (T.R. December 1671) 1672; 1673; 1675; 
1683; 1687; 1692; 1701; 1709 (‘‘with a Key’”’). [See also 
his Works, 1704, 1715, 1754, 1775.] 
C. The Chances (T.R. Feb. 1666/7) 1682; 1692; 1705. 
WALKER, WILLIAM. 

T. Victorious Love (D.L. 1698) 1608. 

C. Marry, or, Do Worse (L.I.F. November 1703) 1704. 
WALLER, WILLIAM. 

T. Pompey the Great....Translated out of French by Certain 
Persons of Honour (L.I.F. 1663/4) 1664. [Along with 
Buckhurst, Sedley and perhaps some others; for Waller’s 
alteration of The Maid’s Tragedy see his Poems.] 


376 HAND-LIST OF RESTORATION PLAYS 


WESTON, JOHN. 

T.C. The Amazon Queen; or, The Amours of Thalestris to 

Alexander the Great (unacted) 1667. 
WHITAKER, WILLIAM. 
T. The Conspiracy or the Change of Government (D.G. 
c. March 1680) 1680. 
WILD, Dr ROBERT. 
C. The Benefice (unacted) 1689. 
WILMOT, JOAN, Earl of ROCHESTER. 

T. Valentinian (D.L. February 1683/4) 1685; 1696. [A MS. 
of this play in the B.M. has a list of actors dating several 
years before 1684.] 

WILSON, JOHN. 

C. The Cheats (T.R. March 1662/3) 1664; 1671; 1684; 1693. 
[On the text and its relations to the MS. in Worcester 
College, Oxford, see Dr Boas, Shakespeare and the Univer- 
sities.] 

T. Andronicus Comnenius (unacted) 1664. 

C. The Projectors (probably unacted) 1665. 

T.C. Belphegor: or The Marriage of the Devil (D.G. c. June 
1690) 1691. 

WRIGHT, JOHN. 

T. and Burlesque. Thyestes.... Translated out of Seneca. To 
which is Added Mock-Thyestes in Burlesque (unacted) 
1674. 

WRIGHT, THOMAS. 

C. The Female Vertuoso’s (D.G. April 1693) 1693. [A second 
edition was issued by Curll to show its resemblance to The 
Refusal, 1721.] 

WYCHERLEY, WILLIAM. 

C. Love in a Wood, or, St James’s Park (T.R. c. April 1671) 
1672; 1693; 1694; I71I. 

C. The Gentleman Dancing-Master (D.G. c. Jan. 1672) 1673; 
16933; 1702. 

C. The Country-Wife (D.L. January 1674/5) 1675; 1683; 
1688; 1695. 

C. The Plain-Dealer (D.L. December 1676) 1677 (three 
editions); 1678; 1681; 1686; 1691; 1694; 1700; 1709. 


APPENDIX D 
Additional Notes to Second Edition 


During the past four years a considerable amount of both 
general and detailed work has been devoted to the subject of 
Restoration drama. The American contribution in particular has 
been noted for its appreciative tone and for its accuracy. In 
issuing a second edition of this work, therefore, I have considered 
it advisable not only to make a number of corrections in the text 
but to add a series of notes on individual points. These in- 
corporate additional researches of my own and summaries of the 
more important studies of others, besides supplying a number of 
illustrative or qualificatory comments on the original text. The 
notes I have arranged according to the pages of the volume. 


P. 7. To the early references regarding the presence of citizens in the 
house may be added Sedley’s epilogue to Shadwell’s Epsom Wells 
(D.G. 1672), which is addressed to the “ Citts.” During the last de- 
cade of the century there are a few allusions to the presence of citizens 
in the upper gallery. Thus Powell in the prologue to A Very Good 
Wife (D.L. 1693) sneers at 

“our City Friends, who hither come, 
By three a clock, to make sure Elbow-room.” 
It seems probable that these later references indicate the slow return 
of the middle-classes to the playhouse. 

P. 14, n. 3. Masks, of course, were commonly worn in Elizabethan times, 
but the fashion became more general during the reign of Charles II. 

Pp. 29-63. On the question of the staging of Restoration plays unquestion- 
ably the most important book is Lily B. Campbell’s Scenes and 
Machines on the English Stage during the Renaissance, which appeared 
a few weeks before the issue of the first edition of this volume. Her 
survey includes a study of the growth of scenic adornment from the 
sixteenth century to 1700, and she discusses the plans included by 
H. Bell in his Contributions to the History of the English Playhouse 
(Architectural Record, 1913) and by W. G. Keith in The Designs for 
the First Movable Scenery on the English Stage (Burlington Magazine, 
1914). Since the appearance of her work W. G. Keith has reproduced 
some further designs in John Webb and the Court Theatre of Charles 
HI (Architectural Review, 1925). Two plans and a sketch by Webb 
were reproduced independently by the present writer in British 
Drama (1925). The subject is also dealt with, and pictorial illustration 
is given, in The Development of the Theatre (1927). An unpublished 
thesis in the University of London, by Dr F. W. Payne, discusses 
Staging in the Restoration mainly from the evidence preserved in stage- 
directions of the period. 


378 ADDITIONAL NOTES 


P. 40. It seems to me now that the Aviane design cannot be interpreted 
too literally. The artist has evidently shown the actual side-wings as 
an apparent “‘box-set,”’ but the setting of lateral scenes was in all 
probability unknown till the eighteenth century. 

P. 41. While the use of the word “relieve” in Webb’s sketches seems to 
substantiate the interpretation given in the text, it may be observed 
that the commoner significance was that of “‘scenes in relief” or 
moulded scenes. Mr W. J. Lawrence draws my attention to the 
figures and clouds “‘of relievo” in Jonson’s Masque of Hymen, to the 
“ornaments of relievo” in Daniel’s Tethys’ Festival and to a passage 
in Campion’s The Lords’ Masque: 


“there appeared a wood in perspective, the innermost part being of 
relief, or whole round, the rest painted.” 


Pp. 49-51. A general survey of stage costuming from 1660 to 1824 has 
been contributed by Lily B. Campbell to the University of Wisconsin 
Studies (1918, ii). 

Pp. 54-5. Subsequent reading of Restoration plays has revealed refer- 
ences to the use of the curtain not noted in the text of this volume. 
The curtain-rising at the beginning of Act I is mentioned in Howard 
and Dryden’s The Indian Queen (T.L. 1664), Settle’s Cambyses 
(L.I.F. 1671), Ravenscroft’s The Citizen turn’d Gentleman (D.G. 
1672), Rochester’s Valentinian (D.L. 1684) and Dryden’s Love 
Triumphant (D.L. 1693). The fact remains, however, that only in a 
minute proportion of Restoration dramas is reference made to this 
initial raising of the curtain. There are also a few additional notices 
regarding the curtain-fall at the end of Act V: Behn’s The Amorous 
Prince (L.1.F. 1671), Payne’s The Fatal Fealousie (D.G. 1672), 
Pordage’s The Siege of Babylon (D.G. 1677) and Banks’ Cyrus the 
Great (L.1.F. 1695). Dr F. W. Payne in his unpublished thesis has 
drawn attention to a very important note by Perrault in his translation 
of Vitruvius (1673) which shows that in France the lowering of a 
curtain to mask a scene change was regarded as an exceedingly clumsy 
device. It was possibly this theory rather than lack of inventiveness 
that prevented the greater use of the curtain. 

P. 63. There is an interesting reference to the weakness of first-night 
acting in Motteux’ Beauty in Distress (L.1.F. 1698). Bowen, the actor, 
enters and turns to the Prompter: 

“‘Prompter, take th’ Epilogue, and prompt me right; 
We’re always damn’d imperfect the first night.” 

P. 81. The play which Pepys heard that Buckingham and Howard were 
writing was styled The Country Gentleman. Mr E. De Bear kindly 
directed my attention to some British Museum newsletters which 
give its title and suggest that the play was written by Howard with 
the Coventry character inserted by Buckingham. 

P. 82. For a full treatment of the various revivals and adaptations of 

_ Beaumont and Fletcher’s plays see the important study of Dr Arthur 
Colby Sprague, Beaumont and Fletcher on the Restoration Stage (1926). 
The notices of performances there indicate well the immense popu- 
larity of the earlier plays in the later period. 

P. 93. On The Siege of Rhodes see A. Thaler’s interesting study, Thomas 
Heywood, D’ Avenant and The Siege of Rhodes in Publications of the 
Modern Language Association of America xxxix. 1924. 


ADDITIONAL NOTES 379 


Pp. 94-5. A considerable amount of research has been devoted lately to 
the work of Roger Boyle, Earl of Orrery, principally by Dr F. W. 
Payne in England and by Mr W. S. Clark in America. Dr Payne in 
The Review of English Studies (April 1925) presented a series of argu- 
ments in defence of a thesis that The Black Prince was performed in 
1663. This is combated by Mr Clark (id. April 1926), who criticises 
these arguments, postulating The General as Orrery’s first play. This 
receives definite proof from the same writer (éd. October 1926) in the 
form of a reference in a newsletter dated September 15, 1664, stating 
definitely that The General, “formerly acted in Ireland by the name 
of Altamira,” was performed at Court on September 14th (cf. also 
B. M. Wagner in The Times Literary Supplement, Sept. 2, 1926). 
This shows that the later title of the play was but a reversion to the 
earlier name. Ina subsequent article entitled The Early Stage History 
of the First Heroic Play (Modern Language Notes, xlii. 6, June 1927) 
Mr Clark cites an entry in Mercurius Publicus for October 21, 1662, 
which informs us that 


“On the 18. at evening the Lord Lieutenant and most of the persons 
of Honor in these parts [Dublin] were entertained by the Earle of 
Orery at Thomas Court where his Lordship treated them with a noble 
Banquet and a Play of his own making.” 


Mr Clark thinks that the actors were those of the new Smock Alley 
Theatre and that the play was publicly produced there the same winter. 
One matter, however, remains to be dealt with. Mr Clark states that 
“any definite connection between The General and the Irish stage had 
remained unsuspected” until the publication of the newsletter of 
September 1664, but this is hardly a fair statement. He completely 
ignores the important prologue written by Shirley for an Irish pro- 
duction of a play called The General and published in that author’s 
poems of 1646. It was probably this prologue of which Mr Montague 
Summers was thinking when, in 1921, he wrote that The General was 
“originally produced in Dublin” (Modern Language Notes, xii.). 
There is, of course, no certainty that the play cited by Shirley was 
Orrery’s drama—indeed the use of the title, The General, instead of 
Altamira seems to militate against this supposition—but there is 
undoubtedly a possibility that the two plays were one and the same. 
If the identification is correct then The General must have seen its 
premiére, not in 1662, but before 1642. Orrery in that year was 
twenty-one years of age. 

Mr Clark (Review of English Studies, July 1926) has also an interest- 
ing paper on the unacted plays of this dramatic author. In this he 
shows that Herod the Great was completed by 1672, thus helping to 
explain its particular form, which, in 1694, the date of publication, 
was undoubtedly peculiar. 

P. 100. On Dryden P. J. Dobell has some valuable notes in his Fohn 
Dryden: Bibliographical Memoranda (1922). P. J. Pendlebery essays 
to deal with Dryden’s Heroic Plays: A Study of the Origins (1923). 

P. 114. An important bibliography of John Crowne has been prepared 
by G. P. Winship (1922). A. F. White has a study of the same writer’s 
life and works (1922). ‘ 

P. 121. On the question of Eastern scenes see Louis Wann’s The Oriental 
in Restoration Drama (University of Wisconsin Studies, No. 2, 1918). 


380 ADDITIONAL NOTES 


P, 124. The problem of the adaptations of The Tempest has been once 
more reopened. Mr G. 'Thorn-Drury in The Review of English Studies 
(July 1925) endeavoured to prove that Dryden, not Shadwell, was the 
perpetrator of the operatic Tempest. This view is combated by Mr 
D. M. Walmsley (id. October 1926) who once more reviews the evi- 
dence and lays stress upon the fact that the 1670 version is that which 
appears in the 1701 Works of Dryden. In the same journal for April 
1927 Mr Thorn-Drury once more takes up the attack against the 
Shadwell-authorship theory, suggesting, not one revision, but several, 
and dismissing the argument based on the text of 1701. While one 
may agree that The Tempest, as a popular play, may have been tam- 
pered with in successive years, it seems to me that the attribution of 
the 1674 opera to Shadwell still has the weight of evidence on its side. 
It also appears to me that the utilisation of a long out of print text 
(the 1670 quarto) for the authoritative 1701 edition of Dryden’s 
Works cannot be easily dismissed. 

P. 150. While it is impossible to remove The Fairy Queen from the list of 
Settle’s works on p. 372, I feel it incumbent upon me to remark that 
further study of this play has led me seriously to question the pro- 
priety of assigning it to Settle. It may be his, but the evidence that is 
forthcoming does not seem to warrant any definite statement of fact. 

P. 152. Important biographical research on Thomas Otway has been 
undertaken by J. C. Ghosh (Notes and Queries, December 13, 20 and 
27, 1924) and by R. J. Ham (¢d. September 9, 1925). A well-edited 
and authoritative Collected Works, edited by Montague Summers, 
was issued in 1926. 

P. 168. Restoration comedy has been analysed very fully during the past 
few years. Bonamy Dobrée, in Restoration Comedy, 1660-1720 (1924), 
brings forward interesting pre-Commonwealth premonitions of the 
manners style and endeavours to interpret that style by reference to 
the social life of the period. J. W. Krutch’s Comedy and Conscience 
after the Restoration (1924) has a fully documented survey of the 
reaction to Restoration licence and of the Collier controversy. An 
examination of motives and methods is presented in H. T. E. Perry’s 
The Comic Spirit in Restoration Drama: Studies in the Comedy of 
Etherege, Wycherley, Congreve, Vanbrugh, and Farquhar (1925). 
Dobrée’s tentative work in tracing earlier parallels is consolidated in 
K. M. Lynch’s The Social Mode of Restoration Comedy (1926). 

P. 190. New facts concerning Shadwell’s life are presented by D. M. 
Walmsley in The Times Literary Supplement for April 16, 1925. Mr 
Walmsley has an unprinted thesis in the University of London on 
this author’s life and works. 

P. 207. An important edition of the two texts (original and revised) of 
The Adventures of Five Hours, together with the text of Coello’s Los 
Empefios de Seis Horas, has been prepared by Professor A. E. H. 
Swaen (1927). 

P. 208. It appears highly probable that, in spite of seeming identity, 
A Witty Combat and The German Princess were not, as Genest thought, 
one play. 

P. 214. In connection with Dryden’s style in comedy an article by K. M. 
Lynch, D’ Urfé’s L’ Astrée and the ‘Proviso’ Scenes in Dryden’s Comedy 
(Philological Quarterly, October 1925), provides many interesting 
suggestions. 


ADDITIONAL NOTES 381 


P. 225. A valuable and suggestive study of the work of Wycherley has 
been written by Charles Perromat (William Wycherley. Sa Vie—son 
Quvre, 1921). Montague Summers has edited his Complete Works 
(1924), while G. B. Churchill has published carefully prepared texts 
of The Country Wife and The Plain Dealer. Both Mr Summers and 
Mr Churchill discuss the dating of Wycherley’s plays; a review of 
their results is given in The Year’s Work in English Studies for 1924. 
It seems that we now must take as definite the following: Love in a 
Wood, c. April, 1671, The Gentleman Dancing-Master, c. Jan. 1671/2, 
The Country-Wife, Jan. 1674/5 and The Plain-Dealer, Dec. 1676. 

P. 239. In The King’s Musick (1909), edited by Henry Cart de Lafontaine, 
there is a document of July 1675 quoted from the P.R.O. in which 
mention is made of songs “that were played at Scaramoucha”— 
evidently a reference to the visit of the Italian players. 

P. 241. As Porter’s The French Conjurer was licensed on August 2, 1677, 
that author must be referring to another company of French comedians 
who seem to have been in England during the early months of that 
year. 

P. 270. Fresh interpretation of the evidence concerning the stage history 
of 1660-1667 has been provided by J. Leslie Hotson in his article on 
George Folly, Actor-Manager (Studies in Philology, xx. 4, October 
1923) and by Hazelton Spencer in The Blackfriars Mystery (Modern 
Philology, xxiv. 2, November 1926). I am convinced that Professor 
Spencer is right in regarding Pepys’ reference to the “‘ Blackfriars” 
theatre (see p. 279) as a slip for ‘“‘ Whitefriars”’ or Salisbury Court. 
This theory effectually disposes of one difficulty in the contemporary 
records. Professor Hotson’s study, besides its very entertaining nar- 
rative of Jolly’s activities during the Commonwealth, presents some 
important records of Restoration date. These may be briefly sum- 
marised. (1) An agreement dated December 30, 1662, between Jolly 
on the one side and D’Avenant and Killigrew on the other. By this Jolly 
agreed to surrender his patent in consideration of £4 a week to be paid 
by the major managers. (2) An account by George Jolly, made some- 
time after April 16731, complaining that Killigrew had, by misrepre- 
sentation to the King, succeeded in cheating him of the rights to his 
patent. While these throw entirely new light on the fortunes of the 
theatrical companies, part of Professor Hotson’s narrative cannot be 
accepted because he assumes that in 1662 there was only one licensed 
company in London, Jolly’s players. In view of this fresh evidence, 
a brief chronological summary of events may be made here. Page 
references are made to the text of this volume. 

By May 12, 1659, the ‘‘Old Players” had occupied the Red Bull 
(p. 265); by Feb. 4, 1659/60, Rhodes’ men were performing in the 
Cockpit (p. 269); by the summer of 1660 William Beeston was 
managing a company at Salisbury Court (p. 270). On July 9 and 19 
warrants were issued in favour of Killigrew and D’Avenant and the 
patents were delivered on August 21 (p. 270). On August 11, accord- 
ing to Herbert’s later testimony, Killigrew’s men (the Old Players), 


1 It is possible that this document may be of a date nearer 1668 than 
1673. The latter year is suggested by Professor Hotson because Killigrew 
is mentioned as Master of the Revels. It would seem, however, that he 
was acting in that capacity before Herbert’s death. 


382 ADDITIONAL NOTES 


Beeston’s men and Rhodes’ men were giving performances (p. 273). 
An order of suppression was issued on August 20 (p. 273), and on the 
30th Humphrey Mosely refers to “the gentlemen actors of the Red 
Bull,” “ Mr Rhodes of the Cockpitt” and “‘the Whitefryers playhouse 
and players” (p. 273). Following the records we discover that on 
October 8 Rhodes had moved to the Cockpit (p. 273) and I should 
suggest that it was during this month that the Old Players went to 
the Red Bull, although Herbert starts his list of performances there 
only on November 5. Then comes the puzzling record of October 13 
addressed “To Mr Michael Mohun, and the rest of the actors of the 
Cockpitt playhouse in Drury Lane” (pp. 273-4). We have not the 
original of this order; still further Malone himself seems to have seen 
only a copy. There is always, therefore, the possibility of an error, 
and I should assume for this month the following arrangement: Red 
Bull (Old Players), Cockpit (Rhodes’ men), Salisbury Court (Beeston). 
The next record we have is the agreement between D’Avenant and 
the young players who had been with Rhodes (p. 272). Malone states 
that they commenced playing at Salisbury Court on November 15, 
although, as Professor Spencer has pointed out, there appears to be 
no certain authority for the mention of this date’. In November, 
therefore, the position had changed, the King’s men (the Old Players) 
being at Vere-street and D’Avenant at Salisbury Court. Rhodes at 
this time must have gathered a new body of players and no doubt 
continued at the Cockpit. Beeston was owner of Salisbury Court and 
was possibly content with a daily rent paid by D’Avenant. The Red 
Bull was untenanted. On December 24, however, George Jolly 
was granted a special licence (p. 176). Professor Hotson assumes that 
he then “‘hired the Cockpit from Beeston,”’ but (1) there is no indica- 
tion that Beeston was ever at the Cockpit and (2) his house was 
Salisbury Court, which he had let to D’Avenant. In June 1661 
D’Avenant moved his men to the new Duke’s theatre in L.I.F. and it 
was probably about this date that Jolly began his performances. On 
November 13 he was apparently at the Cockpit (p. 277). Either 
“Cockpit” is a mistake or we must assume that he had moved his 
company to this house after a quarrel with Beeston, for on November 
26 he had obviously been using Salisbury Court. I prefer to believe 
that he had been at the latter house from the beginning of the season 
1661-2 and that it was his company that Pepys saw acting ’Tis Pity 
on September 9. Throughout the latter part of 1661 and part of 1662, 
therefore, I assume that acting was pursued in London at Vere-street 
(King’s men), L.I.F. (Duke’s men), Salisbury Court (Jolly’s men) 
and the Cockpit and Red Bull (Rhodes’ men). The entry in Dr 
Edward Browne’s diary cited by Professor Hotson may quite well 
refer to Rhodes, and, as he shows, the Cockpit on occasion may have 
been utilised by Killigrew’s players?. In December 1662 comes the 
agreement between the Patentees and Jolly; on January 1, 1662/3, 


I cannot accept Professor Spencer’s suggestion that the Old Players 
left the Cockpit to act for 3 days only (November 5 to 7) at the Red Bull. 
As I have stated above, I assume that they moved to the Red Bull in 
October and gave performances there until on November 8 they took 
possession of the Theatre Royal in Vere-street. 

2 On October 31, 1662, a performance of Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay 
was given at the Cockpit. This reference I owe to Miss Ethel Seaton. 


ADDITIONAL NOTES 383 


a country licence is prepared for the latter, and this he receives on 
January 27th. Professor Hotson has shown that on July 23, 1663, 
Killigrew succeeded in persuading the King that Jolly had forfeited 
his London patent. On March 30, 1664, a patent for a nursery, 
under the name of Legg, was issued. It is known that the Cockpit 
was used in 1665, but it is not necessary to assume that Jolly was per- 
forming there. From various documents (p. 277) we are aware that 
Beeston was acting on August 29, 1663, and September 7, 1664, 
and that Rhodes had a company at Court on November 1, 1662. 
Either of these might have been tenants of the Cockpit (although 
Beeston would more probably have a company at Salisbury Court), 
or this house may have been used as a Nursery. Sometime in 1667 
Jolly was appointed manager of the Nursery but was soon cheated of 
his rights. Professor Hotson’s long complaint agrees with the orders 
of arrest given on p. 278. 

. 279. The “touring company” mentioned as at Oxford in 1677 was a 
band of Dublin players who had come over to the English University 
town for the vacation. It is hardly correct to associate it with the other 
companies of purely “‘strolling’’ actors. 


P. 279. On Pepy’s reference to Blackfriars see Professor Spencer’s article 


cited above in the note to p. 270. 


P. 281. It is not only possible, but certain, that the old Theatre Royal in 


Vere-street was used as a Nursery. The following is entered in Pepys’ 
Diary under April 23, 1669: “‘ Going to rise, without saying anything, 
my wife stopped me; and, after a little angry talk, did tell me how 
she spent ali day yesterday with M. Batelier and her sweetheart, and 
seeing a play at the New Nursery, which is set up at the house in 
Lincoln’s Inn Fields, which was formerly the King’s house.” 

. 282. Mr D. M. Walmsley (in an unpublished thesis in the University 
of London and in The Times Literary Supplement, April 16, 1925) has 
shown that the Anne Gibbs who was engaged by D’Avenant was 
possibly not the Anne Gibbs who married Shadwell. The proofs lie 
(x) in the inclusion of both Anne Gibbs and Mrs Shadwell in Otway’s 
Don Carlos and Shadwell’s Timon of Athens and (2) in the fact that 
Musgrave’s Obituary (Harleian Society Publications, xLv1. 26) records 
Anne Gibbs’ death in 1686 while Mrs Shadwell was certainly living 
in 1709 when she laid a petition before Queen Anne. 

. 285. It may be remarked that most of the documents given in Fitz- 
gerald are preserved in two British Museum manuscripts. Add. 
20,726 contains seventeenth century copies and original petitions; 
Add. 12,201 preserves eighteenth century replicas of these, some 
in the hand of J. P. Kemble. The principal documents in these 
collections are as follows: 


x. An assignment by Dr D’Avenant, Betterton and Smith of a 
lease of the Theatre Royal dated June 17, 1683, to Alexander D’Ave- 
nant. This is dated August 30, 1687. 

2. The grant to Killigrew dated April 25, 1662. 

3. The lease, dated December 20, 1661, between the Earl of Bed- 
ford and Sir Robert Howard, Thomas Killigrew and others (see p. 281). 

4. An agreement dated January 28, 1661/2, between the players 
and William Hewytt and Robert Clayton (see p. 282). 

5. An agreement between Howard and Killigrew of the one part 
and the actors of the other, by which the players promised to perform 


384 ADDITIONAL NOTES 


at the new Theatre Royal and agreed that £3. 10s. per diem should 
go to those who had advanced money for the building. This is also 
dated January 28, 1661/2. 

6. Aseries of documents concerning Thomas and Henry Killigrew, 
Thomas Porter, and Sir John Sayer and his wife. 'The first agreement 
asserts that the profits of the theatre had been divided into 12? parts, 
of which Thomas Killigrew received 2. Out of these 2 he had to pay 
Henry Killigrew £40. Meanwhile Henry sold his right to Porter who 
in turn received £600 for it from Sayer. This document is dated 
December 31, 1661. Apparently the Sayer business dragged on, as 
the later agreements testify. They furnish one additional proof of 
the financial troubles with which the theatres were encumbered. 


P. 300, n. 1. The document of chief importance in this section is No, 912, 
which runs as follows: 


“Ralph Davenant Gent maketh Oath y* he was att the last meete- 
ing with M* Alexander Davenant M? Charles Killigrewe & others 
att the Castle Taverne in fleet street when the proposall of Leaseing 
the Money for a Terme of yeares which should be reced by the last 
two Acts of a play wherein is five Acts, And the Money which should 
be reced by the last Act of a play wherein is three Acts for the Raise- 
ing of one Thousand pounds Eight hundred pounds of which was to: 
pay the debts Incurred by Acting which are very burthensome And 
the other two hundred pounds to be a bank to buy Goods with ready 
Money the Compa: being very much Imposed on when they take 
goods vpon Trust.” 


P. 304. In his Comedy and Conscience after the Restoration (1924), Dr 
J. W. Krutch presents in full some of the Lord Chamberlain’s docu- 
ments from L.C. 7/1, 7/3, 5/152, 5/153 and 5/154. These include 
(1) the order of January 24, 1695/6, (2) that of January 4, 1697 and 
(3) that of February 18, 1698/9. In addition Dr Krutch has provided 
interesting documentary material regarding the public trials of actors 
and regarding playhouse reform. ‘T'ate’s proposals as given on pp. 
177-8 of his volume should especially be noted. 

P. 305. The list of plays performed at the Inner Temple provides an 
interesting parallel to the lists of plays seen by the King. These are 
given in A Calendar of the Inner Temple Records, vol. 111 (1901), 
edited by Mr F. A. Inderwick. The dates and plays are as follows: 

1663. November 2. The Brothers. King’s men. 

1663/4. February 2. Epicoene. King’s men. 

1664. November 1. The Night Walker. King’s men. 
1664/5. February 2. Changes. King’s men. 

1667/8. February 2. The Comical Revenge. Duke’s men. 
1668/9. Secret Love. King’s men. 

1668/9. The Little French Lawyer. King’s men. 
1670. November 1. Sir Martin Mar-all. Duke’s men. 
1670/1. February 2. The Committee. King’s men. 

1671. November 1. Philaster. King’s men. 

1675/6. February 2. The Spanish Curate. King’s men. 
1675. November 1. The Scornful Lady. King’s men. 
1681/2. February 2. The London Cuckolds. Duke’s men. 
1682. November 1. Rule a Wife. 

1683. November 1. The Plain Dealer. 


- 


ADDITIONAL NOTES 385 


1684. November 1. A Fond Husband. 
1685. November 4. The Souldier’s Fortune. 
1685/6. February 2. ~The Committee. 

1686. November 1. The Spanish Curate. 
1686/7. February 2. The Spanish Friar. 
1687. November1. The Cheats of Scapin. 
1689. November 1. The Squire of Alsatia. 
1690. November 1. Amphitryon. 

1697. November 1. Love for Love. 

1697/8. February 2. The Spanish Friar. 


Pp. 314-5. In The Rights of Beeston and D’ Avenant in Elizabethan Plays 
(Review of English Studies, 1. 1, January 1925) the present writer has 
attempted to explain the seizing by D’Avenant of certain Blackfriars 
plays by the suggestion that prompt-copies of these may have been in 
his possession. This theory is combated by Professor Hazleton Spencer 
in a subsequent article in the same journal (1. 3, October 1925). 

P. 316. The original of the warrant cited under II. 1 is preserved in the 
Public Record Office—A.O. 3/130. 

P. 346. Smith actually died in December 1695. 

P. 348. The hand-list of plays does not contain, as do those in my later 
volumes, acted but unpublished plays of this period. It is a fact 
worthy of notice that very few plays of this time seem to have remained 
unprinted. The following are among the more important exceptions: 


The Lyar. This was acted at the Theatre Royal certainly before the 
Great Fire, and some play lists chronicle an edition of 1661. See in 
the Handlist under The Mistaken Beauty (D.L. c. September 1684). 

The Exposure. Herbert records this at the T.R. in B.St. about 
November 1663. 

*Tis Better than it was and Worse and Worse, by George Digby, 
Earl of Bristol, are mentioned by Downes. The latter was performed 
by the Duke’s men on November 26, 1666 (see p. 308). 

Heraclius. This was performed at L.I.F. on Tuesday, March 8, 
1663, according to Pepys (see p. 50). 

The German Princess. While Genest identifies this with Porter’s 
A Witty Combat, it was probably a separate play. See Pepys, Friday, 
April 15, 1664. 

All Plot, or, The Disguises, by Stroud, is cited by Downes as having 
been acted at L.I.F. between 1662 and 1671. 

The Change of Crowns, by Edward Howard, performed at the T'.R. 
on April 15, 1667 (see Pepys, and supra p. 287). This, together with 
another unprinted play by the same author, The London Gentleman, 
was entered in the Stationers’ Register on August 7, 1667 (Roxburghe 
edn. 11. 380). 

The Heiress, acted at D.L. apparently on January 29, 1668/9. See 
Pepys’ Diary under February 1, 1668/9. 

The Country Gentleman, by Sir Robert Howard and George Villiers, 
Duke of Buckingham, mentioned by Pepys on March 4, 1669. There 
is a reference to this play in B.M. MS. Add. 36,916. 

The Woman made a Fustice, attributed to Thomas Betterton, and 
acted at L.I.F. c. May, 1670. 

The Armenian Queen, for which Duffett has a prologue and epi- 
logue in New Poems (1676). 


NRD 25 


386 ADDITIONAL NOTES 


ro te 


The Polititian or Sir Popular Wisdom, acted at D.G. on November 
17, 1677 (see p. 311). 

Justice Busy, or the Gentleman Quack, by John Crowne, acted at 
L.LF. ¢. 1700. 


. 349. To the anonymous plays should be added: The Converted 


Twins 1667 [signed by M.M., perhaps Matthew Medbourne; the 
running title is St. Cecelie or the Converted Twins]. 


. 351. The satiric comedy, The Female Wits: or, The Triumvirate of 


Poets at Rehearsal, first printed in 1704, seems to have been acted at 
D.L. in 1697. 


. 351. John Aubrey has a fragment of a play called The Country Revels 


which is printed in Clark’s edition of the Brief Lives. 


. 354. Dr Blow’s Venus and Adonis, acted privately between 1680 and 


1687, is preserved in B.M. MS. Add. 22,100. It was printed by 
G, E. P, Arkwright in 1902. 

354. Add: Abel Boyer’s Achilles (D.L. c. Dec. 1699) 1700. 

354. Roger Boyle’s unprinted and unacted Zoroastres is preserved in 
the British Museum. 


. 356. Under Colley Cibber, add: Xerxes (D.L. c. Jan. 1698/9) 


1699. 


. 357. In spite of the fact that Evelyn states that he saw Calisto in 


December 1674 it seems certain that the chief production of that 
masque was not given until the early months of 1675. The order of 
January 25, 1674/5, partly quoted on p. 43 distinctly states that the 
alterations to the Whitehall theatre were to be made “for the 
rep'sentacon of a Maske.” 


. 358. The Tragedy of Julius Caesar...alter’'d by Sir William Davenant 


and Fohn Dryden is included in A Collection of Plays by Eminent 
Hands, 1719, vol. 1. This is probably an erroneous attribution. 


- 359. Malone in his Life of Dryden (The Critical and Miscellaneous Prose 


Works of John Dryden, 1800, vol. 1, part 1, pp. 106-7) thinks that the 
mention of “cutting Morecraft”’ in the prologue to Marriage A-la- 
Mode has reference to Ravenscroft’s The Citizen turn’d Gentleman, 
and that the allusion to the fleet indicates May, 1672, as the date of 
production for Dryden’s play. As the King saw The Citizen turn’d 
Gentleman on July 4, 8 and 17, 1672, it seems likely that that comedy 
was produced at the beginning of July. It is possible, however, ac- 
cording to our interpretation of the two references given above, to 
argue that Marriage A-la-Mode may have been presented first at the 
end of July or that Ravenscroft’s play may have appeared originally 
in April. 


. 365. Miss Ethel Seaton has discovered a foreign diary which apparently 


registers a performance of James Howard’s The English Mounsieur 
in June 1663. I have retained the usual dating in the list. 


. 365. James Howard’s All Mistaken was given a special performance at 


Cambridge on Friday, October 6, 1671 (see A. W. Thibaudeau’s The 
Collection of Autograph Letters...formed by Alfred Morrison, 2nd 
series, the Bulstrode Papers, vol. 1. 1899, p. 206). 


P. 365. The Indian Queen, altered as an “‘opera,” is preserved in B.M. 


M.S. Add. 31,445. 


P. 371. Although Downes indicates as the date of production for Cam- 


byses the year 1667, it seems highly improbable that Settle, who was 
born in 1648, had written the play then. Against Downes’ dating the 


ADDITIONAL NOTES 387 


following facts may be taken as evidence: (1) Settle’s youth; (2) the 
time between his first and his second play (at least six years) ; (3) the 
publication of Cambyses in 1671 and 1672; and (4) its performance at 
Oxford on July 7, 1671. My attention was called to this question by 
Mr W. J. Lawrence (see note on p. 107). 

P. 372. In an altered form, as The Siege of Troy, A Dramatick Perform- 
ance, Settle’s The Virgin Prophetess was printed in 1716. 


OUR MOVs ta eee 


MS 
pe Bes e512 i GOP 1 
jefe seaaptneas sed 1 
at eat A era 


Clb et 


INDEX 


Abbé, L’, French dancer, 65” 

Abdicated Prince, The, 11 

Achébar, 88 

Acting, suppression of, in 1642 and 
1647, 268; in 1661, 271", 277; in 
1665, 286; in 1666, 287; in 1669 
and 1671, 288; in 1676, 292; in 
r68r, 296"; in 1691, 300, 323; 
surreptitious in Commonwealth 
times, 268 

Actors and actresses, influence of, 63— 
70; plight. of in Commonwealth 
times, 268-9; performances by at 
Court, 280, 305-14; ordered not 
to leave their companies, 290, 
303, 322 

Actors Remonstrance, The, 2682 

Actresses, 23; early references to, 274 

Adams, actor at L.I.F., order for ar- 
rest of, 282; his parts, 2822 

Adams, J. Q., 162 

Dramatic Records of Sir Henry Her- 
bert, 269", 271", 272, 273, 274, 275 
Shakespearean Playhouses, 270" 

Addison, Joseph, 184, 186; Cato, 131, 
134 

Aftermoney, defined and complaint 
regarding, 331 

Aggas, or Angus, 
painter, 41 

Alarcon, influence on Restoration 
drama, 180 

Allen, Anne, petition against Under- 
hill, 2852 

Ammann, E., Analysis of Thomas 
Shadwell’s Lancashire Witches, 
196” 

Amorous Old Woman, The, 17 

Angel, Edward, an original member of 
the Cockpit company, 270; recites 
prologue to The Women’s Con- 
quest, 129" 

Anne, Queen, characteristics of her 
age, 58, 59, 229, 250, 266 

Ariane, 31, 39, 40, 43, 47, 60, 85, 123; 
frontispiece of, 290 

Arlequin Empereur dans le monde de 
la lune, 250 

Arrowsmith, The Reformation, 76, 236 

Ashburn, summoned by the Lord 
Chamberlain, 2992 

Ashton, Robert, Battle of Aughriin, 
The, 902 


Robert, scene- 


Assevedo, Jean, petition against Shat- 
terall, 285” 

Aston, Tony, 652, 662 

Aubrey, John, Brief Lives, 200 

Audience, characteristics of the Re- 
storation, 5-7; paucity of, 6-7, 
287; indifference to plays dis- 
played by, 15; bad judges of 
plays, 224, 231 

Aylytie, Mrs, does not sign petition, 341 


Baden, Robert, petitions against Killi- 
grew, 293° 
Baker, Francis, made His Majesty’s 
Servant, 298 
Bancroft, John 
Edward III, 314, 319 
Henry II, 158, 314 
Sertorius, 133 
Banks, John, 34, 146; pathos in, 155-6 
Albion Queens, The, 52-3, 1562, 157 
Cyrus, 10, 66, 86, 146, 155, 1562, 158 
Destruction of Troy, The, 54, 66, 67, 
II5, 155 
Innocent Usurper, The, banned, 10; 
IIQ, 120, 156, 157 
Island Queens, The, 52, 156 
Rival Kings, The, 87, 109 
Unhappy Favourite, The, 155, 156, 
158, 260 
Vertue Betray’d, 156, 159, 260 
Bannister, John, 62"; composes reci- 
tative music for The Slighted 
Maid, 85; associated with music 
for The Tempest, 123 
Barante, Baron A. G. Brugiére de la, 
translator of Venice Preserv’d, 
154 
Barker, Bartholomew, petitions against 
Shatterall, 285" 
Barr, John, made His Majesty’s Ser- 
vant, 298 
Barry, Mrs Elizabeth, 53, 64, 72; in- 
fluence on Otway, 72; acts in The 
Orphan, 153"; acts in The Old 
Batchelor, 229; receives money 
for acting, 299, 318; joins the 
L.I.F. company, 301; signs peti- 
tion, 330; her salary and benefits, 
331, 337 
Barton, Hannah, petitions against 
Haynes, 284" 
Bateman, joins T.R. company, 283 


390 


Baxter, Richard, an originalmember of 


the T.R. company, 269; made His ° 


Majesty’s Servant, 274; deleted 
from actor list, 283; receives 
livery, 283" 
Baxter, Richard, Reliquiae Baxteri- 
anae, 289 
Beaumont, Francis, and Fletcher, 

John, their romantic plays, 79, 
80; revivals of their plays, 82; 
influence of on heroic drama, 84, 
86, 88, 126, 161; influence of on 
comedy, 170-1, 181, 183, 206, 213 

Beggars Bush, The, 307, 313, 315 

Bonduca, 315 

Captaine, The, 308, 315 

Chances, The, 67, 315 

Coxcombe, The, 306, 315 

Custome of the Countrey, The, 6", 315 

Cupid’s Revenge, 315 

Double Marriage, The, 313, 315 

Elder Brother, The, 316 

Faive Maide of the Inne, The, 315 

Faithfull Shepheardesse, The, 6%, 
853; 315, 316 

False One, The, 315 

Honest Man’s Fortune, The, 315 

Humorous Lieutenant, The, 305, 311, 
312, 313, 315 

Island Princesse, The, 40%, 306, 307, 
315 

King and no King, The, 82%, 306, 
307, 312, 313, 316 

Knight of Malta, The, 315 

Laws of Candy, 315 

Little French Lawyer, The, 315 

Lovers’ Progress, The, 315 

Love’s Cure, 316, 317 

Love’s Pilgrimage, 316 

Loyal Subject, The, 68, 82", 83, 315 

Mad Lover, The, 168%, 315 

Maid in the Mill, The, 168%, 315 

Maides Tragedy, The, 10, 82", 287, 
306, 313, 316 

Monsieur Thomas, 261 

Nice Valour, The, 316 

Night Walker, The, 168" 

Noble Gentleman, The, 263, 316 

Philaster, 82%, 306, 308, 316 

Pilgrim, The, 316 

Prophetesse, The, 316 

Queene of Corinth, The, 316 

Rollo, 6", 27, 82”, 307, 312, 313, 316 

Rule a Wife and have a Wife, 168%, 
305, 312, 315, 316, 318 

Scorneful Ladie, The, 6®, 305, 306, 
311, 312, 316 

Sea Voyage, The, 27, 306, 316 

Spanish Curate, The, 168%, 314, 316 


INDEX 


Beaumont and Fletcher (continued) 
Thierry and Theodoret, 316 
Valentinian, 166, 306, 316 
Wife for a Month, A, 83, 160, 168%, 

316 
Wild-Goose Chase, The, 168, 176, 
184, 316 
Wit at Several Weapons, 315 
Wit without Money, 289 
Women Hater, The, 315 
Womans Prize, The, 71, 168", 306, 
307, 315 
Women Pleas’d, 7%, 168", 315 
Bedford, Edward, head of Duke of 
Monmouth’s players, 279; asso- 
ciated with Jolly and Perin, 279; 
builds a ‘“‘nursery,” 281; peti- 
tions against Blagden, 283” 
Beeston, George, joins T.R. company, 
279 
Beeston, William, his pre-Restoration 
company, 269"; his company at 
Salisbury Court, 270; continues 
acting, 276; at Salisbury Court in 
1661, 277; quarrel with Jolly, 
277%; warrant for arrest of, 277" 
Behn, Mrs Aphra, 11, 25, 50, 158, 
204, 207, 213, 227, 228, 232, 234, 
247, 252, 254, 259, 260, 262, 263; 
arrested, 2962; her novels used 
by Southerne, 145; verses in Six 
Days Adventure, 202; her plays, 
207-12, 217; influenced by Dry- 
den, 219 
Abdelazer, 91™ 
Amorous Prince, The, 130, 254 
City Heiress, The, 212 
Debauchee, The, 210 
Dutch Lover, The, 24, 39, 130, 2092, 
210, 211, 309 
Emperour of the Moon, The, 250, 
299", 318 
False Count, The, 173", 249 
Feign’d Curtizans, The, 142, 23%, 
211, 237, 312 
Force’d Marriage, The, 55, 91®, 130, 
255-6 
History of the Nun, The, 144” 
Luckey Chance, The, 183, 255-6 
Oroonoko, 512 
Roundheads, The, 212 
Rover, The, 57", 69, 210, 240, 310, 
311, 312, 313, 314 
Sir Patient Fancy, 23", 33, 176) 
209", 211, 311 
Town-Fopp, The, 432, 255-6 
Widdow Ranter, The, 38", 255-6 
Younger Brother, The, 257 
Young King, The, 39, 55, 255 


INDEX 391 


Beljame, A., Le public et les hommes de 
letires, 1 
Bell, Richard, actor at T.R., loses 
his life in fire, 286"; receives 
livery, 326 
Belon, Peter, 652 
Berkeley, Sir William, The Lost Lady, 
316 
Bernbaum, Ernest, The Drama of 
Sensibility, 251-2 
Berteau, French dancer, 60"; in Ca- 
listo, 321 
Betterton, Thomas, rg, 28, 31, 43, 453, 
48, 72, 273", 275, 297; his parts, 
64, 66; career of, 65-7; acts in 
Caesar Borgia,136; in The Orphan, 
153"; and in The Old Batchelour, 
229; goes to France, 241; an 
original member of the Cockpit 
company, 270; agreement of with 
D’Avenant, 272"; made His 
Majesty’s servant, 274; sued by 
Herbert, 276; popularity of, 283; 
advances money for building 
D.G., 289, 335; signs articles of 
Union, 296; made comedian in 
ordinary to James II, 298; sum- 
moned by the Lord Chamberlain, 
299"; goes on salary, 300; in 
Court of Chancery, 300; settles 
rights of sharing actors, 300; 
enters into share, 300; petitions 
the Lord Chamberlain, 300, 339; 
leaves for L.I.F., 300-2, 323; 
made sole manager of theatre, 
303; petitions against tumblers, 
304; his salary, 331, 337-8 
Amorous Widow, The, 17, 173, 247, 
309, 312 
Counterfeit Bridegroom, The, as- 
cribed to Betterton, 247 
Prophetess, The, 49, 55, 314 
Revenge, The, 65 
Woman made a Justice, The, non- 
extant, 247 
Betterton, William, an original mem- 
ber of the Cockpit company, 270 
Biographia Dramatica, 200, 213, 259, 
262" 
Bird, Robert, petitions against Harris, 
2843 
Bird, Theophilus, 9"; paid for court 
performances, 280; one of lessees 
of T.R., 281; in T.R. company, 
283; deleted from actor list, 283; 
receives livery, 283" 
Blagden, joins T.R. company, 283; 
deleted from actor list, 283; pe- 
titioned against by Bedford, 


283"; receives livery, 283"; sued 
for debt, 284 
Blake, Mrs, acts in Calisto, 320 
Bloody Duke, The, xx 
Blunt, Mrs, sings in Calisto, 321 
Boas, F. S., Shakespeare and the Uni- 
versilies, 200 
Boothby, Mrs, Marcelia, 130° 
Bopins, sings in Calisto, 321 
Boutell, Mrs, actress at T.R., 281 
Bowen, William, mutinies, 300; joins 
L.I.F. company, 301; signs peti- 
tion, 330; salary of, 340 
Bowman, John, made His Majesty’s. 
servant, 298; settles rights of 
sharing actors, 300; joins L.I.F. 
company, 301, 323; signs peti- 
tion, 330; salary of, 340 
Bowman, Mrs, salary of, 340-1 
Bowtell, Henry, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298 
Boyle, Roger, Baron Broghill and 
Earl of Orrery, 9, 20, 84, 86, 121, 
152; influence of French romance 
on, 87; founder of heroic drama, 
90, 96; influence of French rimed 
tragedy on, 91; characteristics of 
his heroic dramas, 98-9, 100, or, 
143; influence of on Dryden, 102; 
on Caryl, 106; on Crowne, I14 
Altemira (see The General) 
Black Prince, The, 55, 97, 98, 306 
General, The, 76, 90, 97, 98, 100 
Guzman, 39, 245 
Herod the Great, 55, 97, 142 
History of Henry the Fifth, The, 9, 
66, 96, 97, 98, 308 
Parthenissa, 86 
Tryphon, 38, 39, 55, 97, 99 
Zoroastres, 62", 97 
Bracegirdle, Mrs Anne, 18, 19, 723 
influence on Congreve’s types, 73; 
acts in The Orphan, 153%, and in 
The Old Batchelour, 229; made 
His Majesty’s servant, 298; joins 
the L.I.F. company, 301, 323; 
signs petition, 330; demands a 
benefit, 332, 340 
Brady, Dr 
Psalms, 244 
Rape, The, 60 
Bragadocio, The, 204 
Bray, a dancing master, 299” 
Brewer, Anthony, The Couniry Girl, 257 
Bright, George, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298, 299; joins L.I.F. 
company, 301, 323; signs peti- 
tion, 330; acts Leigh’s parts and 
* dances, 332, 340 


39% 


Brockwell, Henry, violinist, 62" 
Brome, Richard 
Antipodes, The, 169 
City Wit, The, 249 
Court Beggar, The, 249” 
Jovial Crew, A, 169, 314 
Mad Couple well Matched, The, 210 
Northern Lass, The, 315 
Novella, The, 315 
Sparagus Garden, The, 168 
Brown, Thomas, 7" © 
Browne, F. C., Elkanah Setile, 151® 
Bullock, William, agreement with 
Skipwith, 346 } 
Bulteel, J., Amorous Orontus, 918, 176 
Burbage, Richard, 30, 67 
Burry, Thomas, petitions 
Coysh and Powell, 2852 
Burt, Nicholas, an original member of 
the Red Bull company, 269; made 
His Majesty’s servant, 274; agrees 
with Herbert, 276"; one of lessees 
of the T.R., 281; receives livery, 
2832, 325-6; advances money to 
the actors, 289; order of Lord 
Chamberlain for, 290"; petitions 
against Killigrew, 2992 
Bury, sings in Calisto, 321 
Butler, Lady, agreement of with 
Killigrew, 275 
Butler, Mrs, sings in Calisto, 321 
Butler, Samuel, 236 


against 


Cademan, Philip, indebtedness of 
D’Avenant to, 275; his petition, 
329-30 

Calderon de la Barca, influence of on 
Restoration drama, 180, 207-10 

Astrologo fingido, El, 176, 216 

Dama Duende, 180 

Maestro de danzar, El, 180 

Mejor esta que estaba, 180 

No siempre lo peor es cierto, 180 

Peor esta que estaba, 180 
Calprenéde, La 

Cassandre, 87, 109 

Cléopaire, 86 

Pharamond, 87 

Cambert, Robert, 88, 123 

Campbell, Lily B., Scenes and Ma- 
chines, 29® 

Card, Andrew, one of governors of 
theatre, 299 

Carey, Sir Henry, 1272 

Carey, Henry, Viscount Falkland, The 
Marriage Night, 126 

Carlell, Lodowick, 89, 962 

Ayviragus and Philicia, 316 
Deserving Favourite, The, 316 


INDEX 


Carlell, Lodowick (continued) 
Heraclius, 96” 
Osmond, 315 
Spartan Ladies, The, non-extant, 316 
Carlisle, a young actor, 337 
Carlisle, Captain James, The Fortune 
Hunters, 206, 267 
Cartwright, George, 
Lover, 94, 97, 99” 
Cartwright, William 
Lady Errant, The, 88 
Royal Slave, The, 316 
Cartwright, William, an original mem- 
ber of the Red Bull company, 
269; made His Majesty’s servant, 
274; agreement of with Herbert, 
276%; one of lessees of T.R., 281; 
shares of in T.R., 282; receives 
livery, 233"; in T.R. agreement, 
289"; in agreement for regulating 
the stage, 291; one of four mana- 
gers of T.R., 292; petitions against 
Killigrew, 298 
Caryl, John 
English Princess, The, 55%, 106, 308 
Sir Salomon, 174, 257, 309 
Cavalieri, Emilio del, 61 
Cavendish, William, Duke of New- 
castle, his dramas, 203; collabo- 
rates with Dryden, 216 
Country Captain, The, 6, 26, 27, 
169, 306, 316 
Humorous Lovers, The, 203, 308 
Triumphant Widow, The, 77%, 203, 
310 
Variety, The, 316 
Censorship, 10 
Centlivre, Mrs Susannah 
Marpiot, 39 
Wonder, The, 242 
Cervantes, Miguel, 260; Don Quixote, 
265 
Chambre a quatre portes, 41 
Chamouveau, Jean, 123, 240 
Channell, dancer, 59 
Chapman, George 
All Fools, 315 
Alphonsus, 316 
Bussy @ Ambois, 82, 315, 316 
Byron’s Conspiracy, 315 
Chabot, 315 
Revenge for Honour, 315 
Widow's Tears, The, 315 
Chapoton, The Descent of Orpheus into 
Hell, 123, 240 
Chappuzeau, L’ Europe vivante, 34, 622 
Charlanne, L., L’infiuence francaise en 
Angleterre au 17° siécle, 42%, 80, 
862, 1725 


The Heroick- 


INDEX 


Charles II, influence of on drama, 8, 
9, 26, 180, 207, 259; censorship 
of, 10; his court, 75, 83, 184, 186, 
228; restoration of, 269; his reign 
symbolised in Albion and Al- 
banius, 148; death of, 183, 298 
Charleton, joins T.R. company, 279 
Chase, L. N., The English Heroic Play, 
go® 
Child, Mrs Anne, receives livery, 283; 
deleted from actor list, 284 
Child, C. G., The Rise of the English 
Heroic Play, 92" 
Chock, Miss Denny, 254 
Cibber, Colley, 51, 64, 65, 667, 68, 
69, 225, 253, 266; influence of 
on sentimental drama, 184, 228; 
acts in The Relapse, 232; does not 
sign petition, 341; agreement of 
with Rich for Woman’s Wit, 343 
Love’s Last Shift, 251, 266 
She Wouw'd and She Wou'd Not, 
257 
Woman’s Wit, The, 267 
Citizens, absence of in theatres, 7°; 
treatment of by dramatists, 7-8 
Clark, composes music for The World 
tn the Moon, 151 
Clark, actor, goes to Scotland, 297 
Clarke, Sir William, petitions against 
Blagden, 2842 
Clayton, Robert, one of lessees of 
TL Raf 28k 
Clayton, Thomas, violinist, 62 
Cleveland, Duchess of, 17, 80 
Clun, Walter, an original member of 
the Red Bull company, 269; 
made His Majesty’s servant, 274; 
agreement of with Herbert, 276%; 
paid for court performances, 280; 
one of lessees of T.R., 281; shares 
of in T.R., 282; receives livery, 
283"; murdered, 283"; debts of, 
285 
Cockpit, Royal, in Whitehall, 8, 43"; 
properties for, 341-2 
Codrington, Robert, translator of 
Ignoramus, 243” 
Coello, Los empenos de seis horas, 
180 
Coffey, C. 
Boarding-School, The, 263" 
Devil to Pay, The, 247° 
Colbrand, Sir Robert, 221 
Collier, Jeremy, 184, 185, 216, 225, 
253, 265, 304 
Collier, J. P., History of English Dra- 
matic Poetry, 268" 
Colman, Mrs, 70 


393 


Comedy of Humours, 182, 189-206, 
208 

— of Intrigue, 207-14 

— of Manners, 25, 184-5; immorality 
of, 185-9; characteristics of, 222—- 


a0 
Commedia dell’ arte, 171, 180, 181, 198, 
237, 248, 250-1 
Commedia erudita, 180 
Congreve, William, 19, 25, 28, 75, 
77, 193; writes for Mrs Brace- 
girdle, 73; influence of Beaumont 
and Fletcher on, 170; influence 
of Moliére on, 172, 178; com- 
pared with Spanish dramatists, 
180; his comedies of manners, 
182-9, 223, 225, 229-31; com- 
pared with Shadwell, 194, 196; 
with Dryden, 214, 217, 219; on 
Wycherley, 227; his spirit spoilt 
by sentimentalism, 235; writes 
prologue for A Very Good Wife, 
249; and Crowne, 260; D’Urfey, 
260; criticism of Cibber, 266 
Double Dealer, The, 68, 174, 176, 
184, 230, 314 
Love for Love, 64, 69, 73, 183, 228, 
230, 231 
Mourning Bride, The, 69, 73, 133 
Old Batchelour, The, 183, 187, 229, 
231, 319 
Way of the World, The, 73, 183, 
224, 230, 231 
Constant Nymph, The, 912, 128 
Cooke, Edward, Love’s Triumph, 87, 
II5 
Cooke, John, Tu Quoque, 6", 1682, 309 
Cooke, Sarah, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298 
Corey, Mrs, actress at Vere-street, 
281; petitions Lord Chamberlain, 
299 
Corneille, Pierre, 87, 912, 93, 98, 121, 
134, 213 
Héraclius, 89 
Menteur, Le, 177 
Nicoméde, 89 
Pompée, 89 
Corneille, Thomas, 176-7 
Amour ala Mode, L’, 176 
Don Bertran de Cigarral, 176 
Feint Astrologue, Le, 176, 216 
(with de Visé) Devineresse, La, 177 
Corye, John, The Generous Enemies, 
89, 177, 213 
Costume in the Restoration theatres, 
49-51 
Coventry, Sir William, 812 
“Coveras, de las,”” Don Fenise, 210 


394 INDEX 


Cowley, Abraham, 200 
Cutter of Coleman Street, 38, 68, 199, 
201 
Guardian, The, 27%, 168, 199, 309, 
310, 316 
Coysh, debts of, 285 
Cox, Robert, Gnone, 239 
Coxeter, Thomas, 158”, 2482 
Craig, Gordon, 154” 
Creed, William, sues D’Avenant, 275 
Creek, Thomas, actor at L.I.F., ar- 
rested, 282 
Cromwell’s Conspiracy, 112 
Cross, Miss, 20, 254, 265 
Crow, William, sues D’Avenant, 275 
Crowne, John, 56, 77, 104; influence 
of Seneca on, 85; influence of 
Racine on, 89; style of his heroic 
dramas, 114; pensioned by D.G. 
company, 295; paid by James for 
plays, 299, 318; sentimentalism 
in, 258-60; his masque of Calisto, 
320 
Ambitious Statesman, The, 56", 140 
Andromache, 89, 114 
Caligula, 114, 141, 142 
Calisto, 319-22 
City Politiques, The, banned, 102, 
259%; 237, 24, 56, 58, 259, 312 
Countrey Wit, The, 175, 189, 258, 310 
Darius, 147, 114, 141, 299, 318 
Destruction of Jerusalem, The, 40%, 
II4, I41, 294%, 308, 312 
English Frier, The, 10", 174, 259 
Henry the Sixth, 10, 163 
History of Charles the Eighth of 
France, The, 56%, 64, 114, 309 
Juliana, 56", 114, 141 
Married Beau, The, 173", 259 
Regulus, 565, 114, 141 
Sir Courtly Nice, 9, 142, 562, 180, 
259, 299, 312, 313, 314, 318, 319 
Thyestes, 24, 562, 85, 114, I4I 
Curll, Edmund, 153 
Currer, Mrs Elizabeth, petitions 
against Killigrew and D’Avenant, 
2992; summoned before the Lord 
Chamberlain, 347 
Curtains, use of in theatres, 54-5 


Daborn, Robert, Poor Man’s Comfort, 
The, 278 
Dalton, Mrs, actress at the T.R., re- 
ceives livery, 283; deleted from 
actor-list, 283-4 
Dancer, or Dauncy, John 
Agrippa, 87 
Nicomede, 87 
Dancers, in theatres, 59-60 


Darby, Aaron, made His Majesty’s 


servant, 298, 299 


D’Avenant, Alexander, probably the 


same as Thomas, sells share to 
Rich, 299; summoned by the 
Lord Chamberlain, 299"; petition 
against by Mrs Currer, 299%; 
cheats the actors, 300, 330, 3343 
his share in the theatre, 330; 
absconds, 334; alleged cheats of 
on Rich and Skipwith, 334-5 


D’Avenant, Dr Charles, left rights in 


Duke’s theatre, 288; statement 
of, 289; agrees with Hart and 
Smith,, 296; signs articles of 
Union, 296; sells his share, 330 
Circe, 40°, 125-6, I5I, 310, 319 


D’Avenant, Sir William, 30, 31, 33, 34, 


37, 45, 61, 65, 71, 129, 2753 
takings of from theatre, 162, 275; 
pre-Restoration patent of, 29; in- 
fluence of Beaumont and Fletcher 
on, 84; influence of Italian opera 
on, 85; influence of French ro- 
mance on, 87; criticism of French 
plays, 88; importance of, as 
founder of heroic drama, 90, 92, 
93-4; his adaptations of Shake- 
speare, 162; satirised in The Re- 
hearsal, 236; his performances at 
Rutland House, 268; warrant for, 
270, 273; quarrel with Herbert, 
271; goes to France, 272; agree- 
ment of with actors, 272"; in- 
debted to Cademan, 275; sued, 
275"; petitions the king, 276; 
payments to for Court perform- 
ances, 280; his actors, 282; opens 
his “opera,” 283; patent of rati- 
fied, 285; death of, 288 


Albovine, 160 


Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru, 
The, 29, 60, 236, 276 

History of Sir Francis Drake, The, 
29, 54, 236 

Love and Honour, 30, 38, 93 

Macbeth, 37, 51, 123, 124, 166, 309, 
312 

Man’s the Master, The, 118, 13, 26, 
33, 177, 235, 309 

Play-House to be Lett, The, 174, 236, 
237, 308, 310 

Rivals, The, 167, 168, 309 

Siege of Rhodes, The, 29, 30%, 35, . 
37, 42", 54, 70, 85, 93, 94, 122, 
235, 236 

Tempest, The (see Dryden) 

Unfortunate Lovers, The, 83, 168 

Witts, The, 30, 38, 168, 308, 309 


INDEX 


D’Avenant, Lady, left rights in Duke’s 
theatre, 288; her fruit money, 
331, 339 

Davenport, Mrs, actress at L.I.F., 
282; Frances Davenport receives 
livery, 283; Elizabeth and Jane 
Davenport receive livery, 284; 
eldest Davenport leavesstage, 288 

Davies, Thomas, Dramatic Miscella- 
nies, 50", 67, 68 

Davies, Mrs Katharine, made His 
Majesty’s servant, 298 

Davies, Mrs Moll, dancer, 59, 72; 
joins L.I.F. company, 282; taken 
by King, 288 

Davies, Mrs, sings in Calisto, 321 

Day, John, Humour out of Breath, 315 

Degrang, sings in Calisto, 321 

Dekker, Thomas, The Gul’s Hornbook, 
12 

Delandine, A. F., 1482 

De Lisle, French dancer, 60°; in 
Calisto, 321 

Delepine, Margarita, Frenchsinger, 652 

Denham, Sir John, 90; The Sophy, 
314 

Dennis, John, 17, 1072, 259" 

Plot and No Plot, A, 32, 58-9 
Original Letters, 266" 

Desclozeaux, adaptor of The Orphan, 
1537 

Description of the Great Machines, The, 
41, 44, 240 

Dicket, Edward, petitions against the 
T.R. company, 285" 

Diderot, 252 

Digby, George, Earl of Bristol, 180; 
Worse and Worse, 308 

Dilke, Thomas 

City Lady, The, 54, 56", 206 
Lover's Luck, The, 32, 205, 254 
Pretenders, The, 206 

Divoto, Antonio, a shower of puppets 
and probably master of acompany 
of Italian comedians, 238 

Dixon, an original member of the 
Cockpit company, 270 

D’muraile, French dancer, 60; in 
Calisto, 321 

Dobson, Henry, petitions against Mrs 
Weaver, 284 

Doggett, Thomas, 64, 248; acts in The 
Old Batchelour, 229; mutinies, 
300; joins L.I.F. company, 301, 
323; leaves his company, 302; 
heads petition, 303; agreement 
of, 3033, 345; signs petition, 330; 
salary of, 332, 340 

Country Wake, The, 249 


395 


Délinger, J., Fables regarding the 
Popes, 138 
Donne, John, 20 
Doors on stage, 51-3 
Downes, John, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298; summoned before 
the Lord Chamberlain, 347 
Roscius Anglicanus, 8", 9%, 26, 27, 
38, 65, 67, 682, 1079, 122, 126, 
127, 147, 148%, 1517, 180, 223, 
237, 250°, 269, 270, 286, 2972 
Dowson, John, dancer, discharged, 346 
Draghi, Giovan Battista, 123, 125 
Drake, Dr James, The Sham Lawyer, 
56%, 63” 
Drake, Sir Francis, 78, 79 
Dryden, John, 11, 20, 59, 63, 72, 77, 
80, 83, 113, 127, 132, 133", 138, 
I50, I51I, 152, 155, 181; influence 
of Beaumont and Fletcher on, 84; 
influence of Seneca on, 85; in- 
fluence of French romance on, 
86-7; critical of French fashion, 
88; on rime, 90, 91; criticism of 
D’Avenant, 93-4; characteristics 
of his heroic dramas, 96, 100-5, 
II5, 117, 118, 120-1, 289; in- 
fluence ot in tragedy, 107-9, 114, 
143; in opera, 124; attacked by 
Powell, 160"; his adaptations of 
Shakespeare, 162-5; influence of 
Jonson on, 169, 170, 183; his 
comedies, 172, 185, 210, 213; 
critical of Spanish drama, 179; 
love of Shakespeare, 189; critical 
of Shadwell, 190; and criticised 
by Shadwell, 191, 192; compared 
with Shadwell, 194, 195, 196, 
198; his comic plays, 214-9, 223; 
compared with Congreve and 
Etherege, 214, 231; plays attri- 
buted to, 220-1; influence of, 222; 
on Wycherley, 225%, 2262; writes 
verses for Wives’ Excuse, 228; 
Satirised in Rehearsal, 236; refers 
to Italian comedians, 239; in- 
fluence of on Ravenscroft, 242; 
collaborates with Tate, 244; in 
the T.R. agreement, 289"; en- 
gaged by the T.R., 294 
Absalom and Achitophel, 244 
Albion and Albanius, 40°, 43, 44-8, 
65, 125, 131, 148, 149 
All for Love, 16, 110, 126, 167, 312 
Amphiiryon, 171, 175, 219, 314 
Assignation, The, 173, 218, 236 
Aureng-Zebe, 24, 68, 918, 105, 307, 
308 
Cleomenes, 135, 141” 


396 INDEX 


Dryden, John (continued) D’Urfey, Thomas, 11, 20, 59, 63, 73, 


Conquest of Granada, The, 5, 42°, 
86, 92, 100, 104, 134, 222, 236, 
308 

Discourse concerning. ..Satireé, 340 

Don Sebastian, 24, 68, 134, 135, 139, 


314 

Duke of Guise, The, 10", 57, 119%, 
135, 136, 310 

Essay of Dramatick Poesie, 83” 

Essay of Heroick Playes, 92, 104 

Evening’s Love, An, 55, 56, 67, £73, 
176, 216, 306, 312, 313 

Indian Emperour, The, 26, 36, 101, 
102, I16, 222, 236, 279, 305, 306, 
307 

Indian Queen, The, 35, 36, 49, 50-1, 
62", 94, 97, 100, II5, IOI, 316, 341 

Kind Keeper, The, 81, 175, 211, 218, 
294, 311 

King Arthur, 47, 149, 150, 264, 314 

Love Triumphant, 135, 176 

MacFlecknoe, 194, 2812 

Marriage a la Mode, 130, 217, 262, 
307 

Gidipus, 19%, 24, 69, 85, 134, 294 

Prologues. for Carlell’s Arvivagus, 
2415 for LIF. 128933, for the 
University of Oxford, 298" 

Rival Ladies, The, 56", 97, 130, 182, 
215 

Secret Love, 22, 27, 86, 130, 210, 
215, 217, 219, 305, 306, 308, 313 

Si Martin Mar-all, 6", 7, 22", 59, 
67, 68, 69, 172, 173, 203, 216, 
221, 294, 308, 309, 310, 313 

Spanish Fryar, The, 10, 17, 18, 174, 
175, 218, 311, 314, 318 

State of Innocence, The, 22, 225” 

Tempest, The, 22, 26, 37, 124, 165, 
294, 308, 309 

Troilus and Cressida, 159, 163, 164, 
166, 167, 246 

Tyrannick Love, 108, 236, 308 

Vindication, The, 135 

Wild Gallant, The, 182, 215, 2109, 
236, 237 


Dryden, John, junior, The Husband 


his own Cuckold, 28, 250 


Duffett, Thomas, 76, 107; prologue 


and epilogue for The Indian Em- 
peror, 279 

Empress of Morocco, The, 76, 124, 
237 

Mock Tempest, The, 237, 307 

New Songs, 6, 279 

Psyche Debauch'd, 125, 237 

Spanish Rogue, The, 24, 37, 91, 237 

D’Urté, Honoré, Astrée, 86 


977, 151, 185, 232, 259: sentiment- 
alism in, 158, 252, 260-5; im- 
morality of, 209 

Banditti, The, 210, 262 

Bath, The, 14 

Campaigners, The, 23%, 264-5 

Cinthia and Endimion, 48, 159 

Comical History of Don Quixote, The, 
20, 253, 264-5 

Commonwealth of Women, A, 37, 39 

Fool's Preferment, A, 203 

Fool turn’d Critick, The, 16", 17, 43, 
261, 308 

Fond Husband, A, 26", 261-2, 311, 
313 

Injurd Princess, The, 60, 163 

Intrigues at Versailles, The, 265 

Love for Money, 263, 264 

Madam Fickle, 24, 437, 261, 310 

Marriage-Hater Match’d, The, 12, 
264 

Masaniello, 55 

Richmond Heiress, The, 264 

Royalist, The, 262, 311 

Siege of Memphis, The, 15, 54, 108 

Sir Barnaby Whig, 262 

Squire Oldsapp, 33", 392, 261 

Trick for Trick, 261 

Virtuous Wife, The, 53, 262 

Wonders in the Sun, 1942 

Du Ryer, Alemédon, 87 
Dyers, dancer, 60; in Calisto, 321 


Eastland, Mrs, actress at Vere Street, 
281 

Eaton, Henry, gives recognisances for 
an actor, 269 

Ecclestone, Edward, Noah’s Flood, 
QI 

Elizabethan drama, revivals of, 82-3, 
168-9; influence of, 84-5, 126-8, 
152-61, 169-70 

— stage, 29 

— traditions in Restoration theatres, 
57, 58 

Entrance to the theatres, 12-13; 
orders concerning, 322 

Etherege, Sir George, 19, 25, 75, 77, 
I71I, 172,178,180, 181, 182, 190-1, 
222, 226, 266; founder of comedy 
of manners, 184, 188, 217, 2343 
praised by Shadwell, 192; in- 
fluences Mrs Pix, 212; character- 
istics of his plays, 223-5, 231, 
232; song by, 245; compared 
with Dryden, 214 

Comical Revenge, The, 38, 66, 67, 

68, 91°, 173, 223, 224, 308, 309 


INDEX 


Etherege, Sir George (continued) 
Man of Mode, The, 5, 45, 60, 173°, 
186, 224, 225, 310, 312 
She Wou'd if she Cow’d, 14%, 15, 43, 
63", I92, 223, 224, 309, 310, 
312 
Eunuchs employed as singers, 62 
Euripides, influence on Restoration 
drama, 148 
Evelyn, John, 36, 382, 85, 123; sees 
Committee, 202"; condemns An 
Evening’s Love, 216; sees Italian 
players, 239; sees French players, 
240; goes to Court theatre after 
Great Fire, 287 


Fane, Sir Francis 
Love in the Dark, 37, 177, 246, 307 
Sacrifice, The, 91™ 
Fanshawe, Sir Richard, translator of 
Pastor Fido, 128 
Farce, development of, 235-6, 245-51; 
burlesque and, 237; influence of 
the Commedia dell’ arte on, 238— 
41; Shadwell and, 197; Behn and, 
208 
Farquhar, George, his comedy of 
“Manners, 172, 178, 181, 232-4, 
267 
Constant Couple, The, 12", 13, 177, 
234 
Inconstant, The, 170 
Love and a Bottle, 6", 23, 62, 233 
Essay on Comedy, 168 
Fashion, Joseph, violinist, 62” 
Fatal Discovery, The, 24, 66%, 160 
Fayette, Madame de la, La Princesse 
de Cléves, 86 
Female Wits, The, 238 
Ferchlandt, H., Moliére’s Misanthrop 
und seine englische Nachahmun- 
gen, 174” 
Ferrier, T.. The Prince of Angola, 
1453 
Fideli, Sigismondo, French performer, 
62 
Field, Nathaniel Woman is a Weather- 
cock, 168 
Fielding, Henry, 
Thumb, 156 
Filmer, Dr Edward, The Unnatural 
Brother, 132-3, 251 
Finance, playhouse, 275 
Fiorilli, Tiberio, an Italian player, 
238-9, 243 
Fitz, Theophilus, violinist, 622 
Fitzgerald, Percy, A New History of 
the English Stage, 270", 2713, 
281", 285", 286%, 289, 290%, 2967 


266, 267; Tom 


397 


Flecknoe, Richard, 42, 49 
Damoiselles ala Mode, The, 27, 35%, 
40, 49", 173, 306 
Euterpe Reviv’d, 22", 59", 67 
Love’s Dominion, 34, 122, 252 
Love’s Kingdom, 128 
Floid, an original member of the Cock- 
pit company, 270 
Flower, Edmond, violinist, 622 
Fop-alley, 1x 
Ford, sings in Calisto, 321 
Ford, John, 20, 84, 111, 120; horror 
tragedy of. 134, 137, I41, 144, 
160 
Broken Heart, The, 315 
Lady’s Trial, The, 168 
Love's Melancholy, 315 
Tis Pity, 279 
Forde, Thomas, Love’s Labyrinth, 128 
Forsythe, R. S., A Study of the Plays 
of Thomas D’Urfey, 260%, 264%, 
265" 
Fountain, John. The Rewards of Vir- 
tue, 128 
Fowell, F. and Palmer, R., Censorship 
in England, 108 
Fracastoro, translated by Tate, 244 
Franshaw, performs in Calisto, 320 
Fraser, Mrs, performs in Calis 0, 320 
Freeman, John, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298, 299 
French dancers and singers,59—60, 65" 
— influence on Restoration tragedy, 
20, 86-9; on Restoration opera, 
122-4; on Restoration comedy, 
172-9 
— players in England, 240-1, 342 
Fuller, Isaac, scene-painter, 42 
Fyfe, Alexander, The Royal Martyr, 
go” 


Gallia, Maria, singer, 65” 

Galsworthy, John, Justice, 73 

Garrick, David, 12 50; alters The 
Faal Marriage, 144"; acts in 
Venice Preserv’d, 1548; stops The 
London Cuckolds, 244 

Garth, Sir Samuel, The Dispensary, 
1612 

Gavile, Edward, petitions against 
Wintersell, 2852 

Genest, Rev. J., Some Account of the 
English Stage, 76, 106, 113, 192", 
200, 204, 208, 211, 242", 245%, 
247%, 262, 2652 

Gentileschi, Giulio, 238 

Gentleman, Francis, his alteration of 
Oroonoko, 1452 

German Princess, The, 208 


398 


Gibbs, Mrs Ann, wife of Shadwell, 
actress at L.I.F., 282 
Gildon, Charles, 2642, 296; his con- 
tinuation of Langbaine, 151%, 
1582 
Comparison between the Two Stages, 
Ai I2", 247" 
Phaeton, 37", 89, 148 
Roman Bride’s Revenge, The, 148 
Gillet, J. E., Moliéve en Angleterre, 
172, 173", 174” 
Gillow, a young actor, 337 
Glapthorne, Henry 
Argalus and Parthenia, 82 
Wit in a Constable, 168 
Glover, Richard, keeper of the Royal 
Cockpit theatre, 82 
Goldsmith, Oliver, 267 
Goodman, Cardell, joins the T.R. 
company, 279; debts of, 285; 
order for arrest of, 2882; goes to 
Scotland, 297 
Gosse, Edmunu, on The Mall, 221; 
Life of Congreve, 265” 
Gould, Robert, The Riva! Sisters, 143 
Grabut, 60, 123; collaborates with 
Southerne and Dryden, 124; com- 
poses music for Albion and Al- 
banius, 149; gets scenes for a 
French opera, 316-7; his dancers, 
317 
Gradwell, Thomas, joins the T.R. 
company, 283; receives livery 
2832 
Granville, George, Lord Lansdowne, 
his pseudo-classic and operatic 
tendencies, 131; his dramas, 131, 
147-8 
British Enchanters, The, 131 
Herotck Love, 84, 131, 147 
She-Gallants, The, 43, 234 
Gray, actor, goes to Scotland, 297 
Gray, C. H., Lodowick Carliell, 962 
Green, Peter, possibly an actor, war- 
rant for arrest of, 2782 
Griffin, Philip, joins the T.R. com- 
pany, 270; made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298; signs agreement of 
Bullock, 346 
Grim, the Collier of Croydon, 250 
Guarini, Pastor Fido, 128 
Gwyn, Mrs Nell, 92, 19, 80, 172; joins 
the T.R. company, 281; receives 
livery, 283; leaves the T.R., 288; 
influence on Dryden, 214, 216 


Habington, William, The Queen of 
Arragon, 29, 83, 315 
Hailes, Henry, sued by Johnson, 2942 


INDEX 


Halfpenny, Thomas, petitions against 
Harris, 2842 

Hall, Jacob, sued by Herbert, 279 

Hall, Mrs, receives livery, 283; de- 
leted from actor-list, 284 

Halliwell-Phillipps, J. O., 972; A Col- 
lection of Ancient Documents, 
2727 

Hame, Mrs Anne, petitions against 
Mrs Weaver, 2842 

Hancock, joins T.R. company, 283; 
receives livery, 2832 

Hamnibal, possibly Nabbes’ Hannibal 
and Scipio, 309 

Harriette, French dancer, 602; in 
Calisto, 321 

Harland, does not sign actors’ peti- 
tion, 341 

Harris, Henry, 9", 65; his parts, 67; 
agreement with D’Avenant, 2723; 
sued for debt, 284; arranges with 
French dancers, 317; made Yeo- 
man of the Revels, 329 

Harris, Joseph, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 299"; does not sign peti- 
tion, 341 

City Bride, The, 54 
Mistakes, The,.37, 213 

Harris, Mathew, petitions against 
Loveday, 2852 

Hart, Charles, his parts, 67; his in- 
fluence on Dryden, 214, 216; an 
original member of the Red Bull 
company, 269; made His Ma- 
jesty’s servant, 274; agreement 
with Herbert, 276"; paid for 
court performances, 280; one of 
lessees of T.R., 281; his shares in 
T.R., 283; receives livery, 283, 
325-6; Lord Chamberlain’s order 
to, 288; lover of Nell Gwyn, 288; 
in the T.R. agreement, 289; fur- 
nished with clothes by the com- 
pany, 290; manager of the T.R., 
292; agrees with D’Avenant, 296 

Hart, musician, sings in The Tempest, 
318; and in Calisto, 321 

Hartmann, K., Einfluss Moliére’s auf 
Dryden’s Komisch - Dramatische 
Dichtungen, 173” 

Harvey-Jellie, W., Les sources du 
thédtre anglais, 1718, 1752 

Hawkesworth, John, alteration of 
Oroonoko, 145 

Haynes, Joseph, 6"; arrested, 812; 
goes to France, 241; acts in Mr 
Anthony, 245; sued for debt, 284; 
silenced, 292; arrested, 294; 
quarrels with Mountfort, 299” 


INDEX 


Hayward, Edward, letter to Herbert, 
276 
Hazlitt, W. C., The English Drama and 
Stage, 268 
Heiress, The, 81, 306 
Heraclius, 50 
Herbert, Sir Henry, Master of the 
Revels, 10, 16%, 262, 71, 270, 274, 
2784; list of the Red Bull plays 
by, 269; complains of D’Avenant, 
271; issues writs to actors, 273, 
275; brings an action against 
Mohun, 275; and against Better- 
ton, 275; claims against D’Ave- 
nant, 276; brings action against 
Perin, Hall and Turner, 279; pe- 
titions against Harris, 284" 
Heroic Drama, 19; satirised, 76-7, 
236-7; characteristics of, go—-121; 
influence of, 134-48 
Hewett, George, petitions against 
Shatterell, 2852 
Hewytt, William, one of lessees of the 
ER, 282 
Heywood, Thomas 
English Traveller, The, 78 
If You Know not Me, 306 
Love’s Mistress, 83, 169 
Higden, Henry, The Wary Widdow, 
13, 16, 18, 272, 206 
Hippesley, John, Flora, 249° 
History of the English Stage, The, 247% 
Hodgson, John, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 299° 
Hodgson, Mrs, does not sign actors’ 
petition, 341 
Holden, Mrs, an actress at L.I.F., 282 
Hopkins, Charles 
Boadicea, 32", 40, 142 
Pyrrhus, 142 
Horden, 21; does not sign actors’ 
petition, 341 
Howard, Hon. Edward, ridicules 
heroic plays, 76; alters Romeo, 
127; Satirised in The Sullen 
Lovers, 191 
Change of Crowns, The, 10, 287, 305 
Man of Newmarket, The, 52, 202 
Six Days Adventure, 35%, 60, 202 
Usurper, The, 24, 76, 128, 306 
Women’s Conquest, The, 128 
Howard, Hon. James, influenced by 
Dryden, 219; abused by Lacy, 
287 
All Mistaken, 189, 219 
English Mounsieur, The, 220, 306 
Howard, Sir Robert, 20, 137, 201, 300; 
satirised in The Sulien Lovers, 81, 
190; in The Rehearsal, 236; pro- 


399 


poses writing a satirical play, 81; 
activity as writer of heroic 
tragedy, 90; associated in leasing 
of land for T.R., 281; his shares 
in the T.R., 282 
Blind Lady, The, 202 
Commitiee, The, 11, 26, 27, 69, 202, 
222, 305, 306, 307, 312, 313 
Great Favourite, The, 127, 306 
Indian Queen, The (see Dryden) 
Surprisal, The, 6", 27, 55, 202 
Vestal Virgin, The, 40%, 116, 117, 
127 
Howard, Miss, 254 
Hudson, violinist, 62" 
Hughes, actor, receives livery, 326 
Hughes, Mrs, actress, joins the T.R. 
company, 281 
Humbert, C. H., Moltére in England, 
2725 
Humphreys, Pelham, associated with 
music to The Tempest, 1238 
Hunt, attacks Dryden, 135 


Immorality in the Restoration drama, 
I-2, 20-5, 184-5, 253; orders re- 
garding, 304 

Inglesby, Mary, petition against Har- 
tis, 284" 

Isaacs, dancer, 60"; in Calisto, 321 

Italian Commedia dell’ arte, influence 
of, 180-1, 237-40 

— opera, 62; influence of, 85 

— players in England, 237-40 

— singers in England, 85-6 


James I, drama during reign of, 103, 
159 

James II, censorship of, 10; drama 
during reign of, 75; his patronage 
of the drama, 298-9 

James, Mrs, actress at the T.R., 281 

Jennings, Thomas, petitions against 
Haynes, 2842 

Jennings, Mrs, actress at L.I.F., 282; 
acts in Calisto, 320 

Jevon, Thomas, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298: The Devil of a Wife, 
27", 247 

Johnson, George, keeper of the T.R. 
in Whitehall, 341 

Johnson, Dr Samuel, Ivene, 132 

Johnson, Thomas, one of the owners 
of the T.R., 294 

Jolly, George, his company, 270, 273"; 
continues acting, his licence, 276; 
at Salisbury Court, 277; licence 
for provinces, 277; acts with 
Killigrew, 277; quarrels with 


400 


Beeston, 277"; warrant for arrest 
of, 278"; probably connected with 
Duke of Monmouth’s players, 
279; possibly acts in ’Tis Pity, 
279 


Jolly, Thomas, sues Killigrew for pro- 


perties supplied, 293” 


Jonson, Benjamin, 20, 25, 59; shows 


weakening of early seventeenth 
century drama, 79; his influence 
on Restoration comedy, 80, 163, 
169, 181-91, 195, 198-208, 215, 
216, 242, 261; his neo-classic 
dramas, 83, 93; introduced in 
prologue to Women’s Conquest, 
129” 

Alchemist, The, 169, 306, 307, 315 

Bartholomew Fair, 169, 305, 306, 
307, 315 

Catiline, 9, 82%, 306, 307, 315 

Cynthia’s Revels, 315 

Devill is an Asse, The, 169, 245, 250, 
315 

Eastward Hoe, 245 

Epicoene, 27, 169, 305, 312, 315 

Every Man in His Humour, 5, 169, 
315 

Every Man out of his Humour, 6, 
169, 315 

Magnetick Lady, The, 315 

New Inne, The, 315 

Poetaster, The, 315 

Sejanus, 82, 315 

Staple of Newes, The, 315 

Tale of a Tubb, The, 315 

Volpone, 67, 169, 306, 308, 315 


Jordan, Thomas 


A Royal Arbor of Loyal Poesie, 17, 
7i, 2782 
London Triumphant, 40 


INDEX 


lain, 299"; petitioned against by 
Burt, 299", and by Mrs Currer, 
299” 
Killigrew, Henry, sent to Tower, 18 
Killigrew, Thomas, Master of the 
Revels, 10, 30, 60, 274; interest 
of in music, 61, 85; warrants to, 
62%, 71; warrant of monopoly 
for, 270, 273; starts a company, 
271; his takings from the theatre, 
275; agrees with Lady Butler, 
275"; agrees with Herbert, 276"; 
paid for court performances, 280; 
intends building nursery in Moor- 
fields, 281; acts at Vere Street, 
281; his players, 281; absolute 
power of, 281, 332-3; one of 
lessees of land for T.R., 281; his 
shares, 282; his patent ratified, 
286; in T.R. agreement, 289; 
complaint of against actors, 290; 
in agreement for regulating stage, 
291; warrants for, 316, 341 
Cicilia and Clorinda, 171" 
Claracilla, 6%, 171% 
Parson's Wedding, The, 23, 171, 
180 
Pilgrim, The,.171® 
Princess, The, 171” 
Prisoners, The, 1718 
Killigrew, Sir William, 129 
Imperial Tragedy, The, ascribed to, 
127 
Love and Friendship, 129, 236 
Seege of Urbin, The, 129 
King’s company, personnel of, 269, 
281; their mortgage of ground, 
289; troubles of, 291-4; go to 
Oxford, 295 
Kirkman, Francis, The Wits, 239 
Kneppe, Mrs, actress at Vere Street, 


Keene, William, petitions against 281; receives livery, 283; and 
Harris, 2842 Pepys, 287; arrested, 287 

Kemble, alters Fatal Marriage, 1448, | Knight, Mrs Francis Maria, actress in 
and Ovoonoko, 1542 T.R. company, 281; made His 

Kent, debts of, 285; does not sign Majesty’s servant, 298; does not 
petition, 341 sign petition, 341; signs agree- 

Kent, Mrs, does not sign petition, 341 ment with Robinson, 344 

Kerby, Robert, petitions against Mrs Knight, Mrs, sings in Calisto, 321 
Weaver, 2842 Kozelski, I., Russian translator of 

Killigrew, Charles, 62"; praises Vil- Venice Preserv’d, 1542 


lain, 126; statement of, 289; Kynaston, Edward, his parts, 68; acts 


made manager of T.R. and Master 
of the Revels, 292-3; ordered not 
to remove properties, 293; signs 
articles of Union, 296; ordered 
to pay Goodman, 297%; petitioned 
against, 298; order to, 298; sum- 
moned by the Lord Chamber- 


girls’ parts, 70; beaten for sa- 
tirical speeches, 81"; an original 
member of the Cockpit company, 
270; made His Majesty’s servant, 
274, 298; joins the T.R. company, 
274; receives livery, 2832; in 
T.R. agreement, 289; furnished 


INDEX 


with clothes by the Company, 
290; in agreement for regulating 
the stage, 291; one of the four 
Managers of the theatre, 292; 
salary of, 340 


Lacy, John, 9"; his parts, 69; adapts 
Moliére, 172; acts in Committee, 
202; an original member of the 
Red Bull company, 269; made 
His Majesty’s servant, 274; one 
of lessees of the T.R., 281; shares 
of, 282; receives livery, 283%; 
sued for debt, 284; arrested, 287; 
in T.R. agreement, 289" 

Dumb Lady, The, 40°, 57, 175, 200 
Old Troop, The, 200, 306 

Sauny the Scot, 69, 162, 200, 2018 
Sw Hercules Buffoon, 13, 201 

Lacy, Mrs, sues for money, 298 

La Fosse, Manlius Capitolinus, 154” 

Lamb,Charles,on Restoration comedy, 
187; on Cowley, 199 

Lane, acts in Calisto, 320 

Langbaine, Gerard, 17, 69", 126%, 
I5r3, 153, 172, 204, 2065; sees 
Revenge for Honour, 281"; thinks 
Lacy improves on Moliére, 175; 
criticism of Shadwell, 196, of 
Wilson, 200, of Kind Keeper, 218, 
of Duffett, 237, of Ravenscroft, 
242, of D’Urfey, 260 

La Roche-Guilhen, Madame, order to, 
317; Rare en Tout, 123, 315 

Laun, van, Les plagiaires de Moliére en 
Angleterre, 172® 

Laureate, The, 16" 

Lawrence, W. J., 517, 562, 852, 1232 

Elizabethan Playhouse, 29", 1242 
A Forgotien Restoration Playhouse, 
347, 2782 
Lawson, Mrs, does not sign petition, 


341 
Leanerd, John 
Counterfeits, The, 252, 257, 311 
Country Innocence, The, 252, 257 
Rambling Justice, The, 23", 43, 573, 
257 
Lee, or Leigh, Elinor, actress, 302, 
323, 324, 330, 346 
Lee, or Leigh, Michael, actor, 249 
Lee, Nathaniel, 111-4, 121, 132, 134, 
135-8, 145, 292, 294 
Caesar Borgia, 120, 136 
Gloriana, 67, 86, 113, 116, 138 
Lucius Junius Brutus, 55, 86, 137 
Mithridates, 67 
Nero, III, 120, 307 


NRD 


401 


Lee, Nathaniel (continued) 
Princess of Cleve, The, 86, 137, 260 
Rival Queens, The, 64, 87, 110, 308, 
313 
Sophonisba, 67, 112, 115, 118, 119, 
307 
Theodosius, 87, 136 
Legg, William, master of the Nursery, 
280 
Leigh, Anthony, actor, 298, 300, 310 
Levett, sues Harris, 284 
Lewright, Robert, cited in playhouse 
agreement, 289 
Lillieston, Thomas, actor, 269, 272 
Lisle, actor, 288 
Loveday, Thomas, actor, 269, 271, 
274, 282, 283, 285, 325 
Lovel, Thomas, actor, 270, 272 
Lowe, R. W., 513, 305 
Lower, Sir William, The Noble In- 
gratitude, 89 
Lulli, 88 
Lyddol, actor, 279 
Maidwell, Laurence, The Loving 
Enemies, 205, 367 
Manley, Mrs, 367-8, The Royal Mis- 
chief, 555, 147 
Marshall, Rebecca, 281, 285, 326 
Mayne, Jasper, 261; The City Match, 
306 
Medbourne, Matthew, order for arrest 
of, 288"; Tartuffe, 174, 246-7 
Meggs, Mary, fruitwoman at T.R., 
petitions against Clun, 285%; 
order for arrest of, 285"; petitions 
against Killigrew, 2967 
Menestrier, 87 
Merry Devil of Edmonton, The, 82, 
169, 316 
Middlemore, Richard, one of governors 
of theatre, 299 
Middleton, Thomas, 82 
Changeling, The, 83, 168 
Mayor of Quinborough, The, 315 
More Dissemblers besides Women, 
257, 315 
No Wit, no Help, 247, 249" 
Widow, The, 82, 315 
Miles, D. H., Influence of Moliére on 
Restoration Comedy, 172", 173%, 
175%, 2612 
Mills, John, signs agreement witb 
Robinson, 344 
Milton, John, 61 
Mistaken Beauty, The, 177 
Mistaken Husband, The, 171, 220 
Mr Turbulent, 205 


26 


402 INDEX 


Mohun, Major Michael, 8; his parts, 
67; acts in Dryden’s plays, 216; 
chief of Red Bull actors, 269; 
agrees with Killigrew, 271; said 
to be at Cockpit, 273; made His 
Majesty’s servant, 274; agree- 
ment of with Herbert, 276; paid 
for court performances, 280; one 
of lessees of the T.R., 282; re- 
ceives livery, 283"; temporary 
cessation of acting, 288; in T.R. 
agreement, 289; furnished with 
clothes by company, 290; in 
agreement for regulating the 
stage, 291; apparently one of 
managers, 292; leaves the stage, 
297; petition of at Union, 327-8 

Moliére, influence of on Restoration 
comedy, 172-9, 180, 181, 184, 
198, 242 

Amour médecin, L’, 173, 175, 201 

Amphitryon, 175, 219 

Avare, L’, 175, 192, 193, 200 

Bourgeois Gentilhomme, Le, 174%, 
175, 176, 242 

Critique de Vécole des femmes, La, 
174 

Dépit amoureux, Le, 173 

Ecole des Femmes, L’, 174 

Ecole des maris, L’, 174 

Etourdi, L’, 172, 216 

Fdcheux, Les, 174, 191 

Femmes savantes, Les, 176, 248 

Festin de Pierre, Le, 175 

Fourberies de Scapin, Les, 1745, 176, 
243 

George Dandin, 173, 204, 247 

Malade imaginaire, La, 176 

Mariage forcé, Le, 174, 243 

Médecin malgré lui, Le, 172,175, 201 

Misanthrope, Le, 174, 227 

Monsieur de Pourceaugnac, 175, 
176, 242 

Précieuses Ridicules, Les, 173 

Sganarelle, 173 

Sicilien, Le, 175, 258 

Tartuffe, 174, 243, 247 

Molina, influence of on Restoration 
comedy, 180 

Monconys, 342 

Monk, General, 269 

Monmouth, Duke of, his players, 
279 

Moore, Edward, 276 

Moreto, Augustin, No puede ser, 180, 
259 

Morris, Edward, The Secret, 2642 

Moseley, H., letter to Herbert, 273 


Mosely, John, an original member of 
the Cockpit company, 270; his 
agreement with D’ Avenant, 2723; 
sharing actor, 336 

Motteux, Pierre Antoine, 12"; his 
plays, 250; sentimentalism in, 
253, 267 

Beauty in Distress 192, 160 
Don Quixote, 250 

Island Princess, The, 55® 
Love’s a Jest, 12", 251 
Novelty, The, 133", 240, 251 

Mottley, dancer, 60"; in Calisto, 321 

Mountfort, William, 250; his parts, 
69; publishes Edward III and 
Henry II, 158"; made His Ma- 
jesty’s servant, 298; quarrels with 
Haynes, 299"; settles rights of 
sharing actors, 300; death of, 300, 
339; paid for plays, 319 

Greenwich Park, 38", 69, 267 

Life and Death of Doctor Faustus, 
The, 240, 248, 310 

Successfull Straingers, The, 213 

Mountfort, Mrs, acts in Old Batche- 
lour, 229 

Mulert, A., Pierre Corneille auf der 
englischen Biihne, 89” 

Muralt, Letives sur les Anglois, 50° 

Muse of Newmarket, The, 139 

Music in Restoration theatres, 59-60; 
order regarding, 323 

Muyser, G., translator of Venice Pre- 
serv’d, 1542 


Neo-classic drama, comparative un- 
popularity of, 131-3 

Nicoll, Allardyce 

An Introduction to Dramatic Theory, 
116 
Dryden as an Adapter of Shake- 

speareé, 124", 164 

Noise in the theatres, 63 

Nokes, or Noke, James, his parts, 68; 
speaks prologue to Women’s Con- 
quest, 129; influence of on Dry- 
den, 216; an original member of 
Cockpit company, 270; his agree- 
ment with D’Avenant, 2723; 
made His Majesty’s servant, 298; 
sharing actor, 336 

Nokes, Robert, an original member of 
Cockpit company, 270; his agree- 
ment with D’Avenant, 272"; 
sharing actor, 336 

Norris, Mrs, actress at L.I.F., 282; 
quarrels with company, 329 

Norton, Pausanias attributed to, 1612 


INDEX 


Norton, Mrs, actress at T.R., order 
for arrest of, 288" 

Nurseries for actors, in Golden Lane, 
Barbican, 280-1; in Hatton Gar- 
dens, 281 


Odell, G. C. D., Shakespeare from 
Betterton to Irving, 38, 45, 513, 
52", 55", 629, 164" 

Ogilby, John, master of Lacy, 200 

Ohnsorg, R., 175” 

Oldmixon, John, Thyrsis, 251 

Opera, 59, 61, 63; influenced by 
Italian, 85 ; early dramatic operas, 
122-6; later dramatic operas, 
148-51; comic, 151 

Orange, Prince of, his players, 241 

Orchestra, in Restoration theatres, 
61-2 

Ormond, Duke of, his players, 279 

Orpe, acts in Calisto, 320 

Osborne, Dorothy, enthusiasm for 
French romances, 86 

Osborne, Margaret, made His Ma- 
jesty’s servant, 298 

Ott, P., 173 

Otway, Thomas, writes parts for Mrs 
Barry, 72; Elizabethan influence 
on, 110; characteristics of his 
dramas, III, 152-3, influence of, 
145; criticism of by Ward, 155; 
his pathos, 158; sentimentalism 
in, 228 

Alcibiades, 39, 40", I10, 155, 310 

Atheist, The, 246 

Cheats of Scapin, The, 176, 246 

Don Carlos, 110, 310 

Friendship in Fashion, 246, 311 

History and Fall of Caius Marius, 
The, 68, 152, 319 

Orphan, The, 20, 24, 64, 152, 153, 
260, 313, 314, 319 

Souldier’s Fortune, The, 68, 174, 
177, 246, 250, 256", 311 

Titus and Berenice, 89 

Venice Preserv’d, 58, 64, 138, 152, 
153, 311 


Paisible, associated with La Roche- 
Guilhen in performance of Rare 
en Tout, 317 

Palmer, John, The Comedy of Man- 
mers, 225" 

Pantomime, 151 

Parker, Robert, actor, licence to, 279" 

Pastoral element in Restoration 
drama, 128-31 

Pausanias, 161" 


403 


Pavy, Francis, made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298, 299 
Payne, F. W., 972 
Payne, Nevil 
Fatal Jealousie, The, 69, 126, 309 
Morning Ramble, The, 204, 309 
Siege of Constantinople, The, 54, 
310 
Pecurr, French dancer, 60 
Pepys, Samuel, 76", 81", 126%, 283; 
notes on smallness of audiences, 
62; observes citizens in the 
theatre, 7"; opening of L.I.F., 8; 
at the Court theatre, 9"; notes 
that Sir Philip Cartaret runs on 
the score for plays, 12; sees two 
plays for nothing, 13; sees Sedley 
talking to women in theatre, 15, 
23; notes noise in theatre, 17, 
18"; on the significance of 
“Lady,” 21-2; plays seen by, 
26-7, 38, 278; goes to the 
“Opera,” 30; hears of The Indian 
Queen, 35; notes a fire-scene in 
The Island Princess, 40°; notes 
the Roman garments in Hera- 
chius, 50; his love of music, 61; 
hears a eunuch sing, 62; declares 
the actors at fault, 63; sees Ky- 
naston, 68; hears Lacy is dying, 
69; sees actresses, 70; hears that 
Draghi intends to have an opera, 
85; story regarding long letter in 
Orrery’s play, 98; listens to Sed- 
ley’s satire of The General, 100; 
notes success of Indian Queen, 
102; his strictures on Shake- 
speare, 161, 169; sees Wild Goose 
Chase, 170; sees Sullen Lovers, 
190-1; criticism of The English 
Princess, 106; on opening of the 
T.R., 272% sees “Tis P24, 279; 
visits nursery, 281"; on opening 
of. the T.R., 286"; notes re- 
building of T.R., 287; goes to 
T.R., 287; hears of Nell Gwyn 
and Buckhurst, 288; sees Com- 
mittee, 202"; praises Adventures of 
Five Hours, 207; sees The Ger- 
man Princess, 208; condemnation 
of Evening’s Love, 216; sees 
Ladies a la Mode, 221; sees She 
Wow’d if she Cou’d, 224"; at a 
French comedy, 240; condemns 
Guzman, 245 
Perin, John, associated with Bedford, 
279; his parts, 279; sued by Her- 
bert, 279" 


26-2 


404 


Perrill, G., witnesses agreement of 
Cibber and Rich, 344. 
Perrin, 83, 123 
Perryn, Mrs, does not sign petition, 
341 
Phelps, acts in Venice Preserv’d, 154® 
Phillips, Mrs Catherine, 89 
Horace, 306 
Pompey, 96, 309 
Phillips, William, petitions against 
Shatterell, 2852 
Phillips, William, 
Queen, 160, 254. 
Pinkethman, William, does not sign 
actors’ petition, 341; signs agree- 
ment with Robinson, 344 
Pix, Mrs 
Deceiver Deceiv’d, The, 213, 254 
Innocent Mistress, The, 12", 212 
Spanish Wives, The, 212 
Place, de la, translator of Venice 
Preserv’d, 154® 
Plautus, influence on Restoration 
comedy, 171-2, 219 
Aulularia, 171 
Stichus, 171 
Players’ Petition to Parliament, The, 
2682 
Poems on Affairs of State, 24 
Poetesse, The (probably The Poetaster), 
306 
Politics in the theatre, ro-11 
Polititian, The, 311 
Pomone, 123 
Poor-Whores Petition, The, 22 
Pope, Alexander, 229 
Pordage, Samuel, 85 
Herod and Mariamne, 50, 109, 289, 
310 
Siege of Babylon, The, 40, 109 
Porter, Thomas 
Carnival, The, 207-8, 252 
French Conjurer, The, 241 
Villain, The, 78, 38, 62", 69, 126, 
236, 308, 313 
Witty Combat, A, 208 
Portsmouth, Duchess of, her players, 
279 
Powell, George, 302; drunk in theatre, 
18; attacks Betterton, 66"; pub- 
lishes Fatal Discovery, 160; acts 
in Old Batchelour, 229; made His 
Majesty’s servant, 298, 299; 
summoned by Lord Chamberlain, 
299"; insults Colonel Stanhop, 
330; does not sign petition, 341; 
signs agreement with Robinson, 
344 


The Revengeful 


INDEX 


Powell, George (continued) 
Alphonso, 52, 147 
Bonduca, 254 
Brutus of Alba, 39, 408, 150 
Cornish Comedy, The, 54, 249, 254 
Imposture Defeated, 249 
Treacherous Brothers, The, 27%, 39, 
120", 146 
Very Good Wife, A, 249 
Powell, Martin, petitions against 
Haynes, 284"; debts of, 285; 
made His Majesty’s servant, 298 
Preston, sings in Calisto, 321 
Price, Alice, petitions against Good- 
man, 285" 
Price, Mrs, sings in Calisto, 321 
Priest, dances in Siy Martin Mar-all 
and Macbeth, 59, in Fairy Queen, 
151, in King Arthur, 149 
Purcell, Daniel, composes music for 
Phaeton, 148"; for Brutus of Alba, 
1508 
Purcell, Henry, composes dramatic 
music, 123; for Fairy Queen, 
1512; for King Arthur, 149; for 
Fool's Preferment, 263; Dido and 
ZEneas, 85" 


Quin, as Coriolanus, 502 
Quinault, P., influence of on Restora- 
tion drama, 89, 148, 213 
Agrippe, 89 
Amant tndiscret, L’, 173 
Généreuse Ingratitude, La, 89, 176 
Phaéton, 1485 
Quyn, Mrs Anne, actress at T.R., 
quarrels with managers, 287-8 


Racine, Jean, influence of.on Restora- 
tion drama, 89, 121 
Alexandre, 87, 1218 
Andromaque, 89, 114 
Bérénice, 89 
Thébaide, La, 87 
Ralegh, Sir Walter, 78 
Ralph, adapts Unhappy Favourite, 
1562 
Rampant Alderman, The, 204 
Rampony, French singer, 62 
Randolph, Thomas, 213; The Jealous 
Lovers, 16, 315 
Ravenscroft, Edward, satirises heroic 
drama, 77; his dramas, 181, 217, 
241-4, 250; verses to Six Days’ 
Adventure, 202; influenced by 
Dryden, 219; sentimentalism in, 
252 
Anatomist, The, 63, 244 


INDEX 


Ravenscroft, Edward (continued) 
Canterbury Guests, The, 174, 175, 
244 
Careless Lovers, The, 77", 1733, 175, 
219, 242, 244, 309 
Citizen turn’d Gentleman, The, 175, 
309, 310 
Dame Dobson, 243, 252, 260 
Edgar and Alfreda, 54, 91, 132, 243 
English Lawyer, The, 243 
Italian Husband, The, 159 
London Cuckolds, The, 174, 243, 311 
Scaramouch, 174, 176, 239, 240, 243, 
308 
Titus Andronicus, 127, 163, 243 
Wrangling Lovers, The, 242 
Rawlins, Thomas, his plays, 203-4 
Rebellion, The, 240° 
Tom Essence, 23", 174, 203-4 
Tunbridge-Wells, 204, 222 
Rectory, The (probably The Reforma- 
tion), 310 
Reggio, Pietro, 123" 
Revet, Edward, Town-Shifts, The, 
204, 257 
Rhodes, John, gathers a company of 
actors, 270, 275; challenged by 
Herbert, 273; continues acting, 
276; acts at court, 278, 316; 
his licence for provinces, 278; 
probably connected with Duchess 
of Portsmouth’s servants, 279 
Rhodes, Richard, engages Betterton, 
65; Flora’s Vagaries, 6", 246, 305 
Riccoboni, Luigi, An Historical and 
Critical Account of the Theatres of 
Europe, 173 
Rich, Christopher, patentee of T.R., 
151, 289; replies to Betterton’s 
petition, 300; treatment of Cade- 
man, 330; refuses to pay money 
for organ at St Bride’s, 331, 3393 
his agreement with Cibber for a 
play, 343 
Richards, John, leaves his company, 
g 
Richardson, sings in Calisto, 321 
Robert, sings in Calisto, 321 
Robinson, Robert, scene painter, 42, 
42"; his agreement for painting 
scenery, 344 
Rogers, John, his case referred to 
Herbert, 273 
Rogers, Mrs Jane, 19; does not sign 
petition, 341; signs agreement 
with Robinson, 344 
Rollins, H. E., 268" 
Romulus and Hersilia, 57", 91", 146 


405 


Rosimond, Le Nouveau Festin de 
Pierre, 175 

Rousseau, J. J., 255 

Rowe, N., The Fair Penitent, 73; in- 
fluence on pathetic drama, 145, 
155, 158 

Rowley, S., 261 

All’s Lost by Lust, 82, 278 
A Shoemaker a Gentleman, 308 

Royal Voyage, The, 11 

Ruggles, George, Ignoramus, 
2785, 316 

Russell, John (actor?), warrant for 
arrest of, 278" 

Russian dancers, 60 

Rutter, Mrs, actress at T.R., 281; 
receives livery, 283 

Rutter, Joseph, The Cid, 87 

Ryemes, Paul (actor?), warrant for 
arrest of, 2782 

Rymer, Thomas, his pseudo-classi- 
cism, 134; Tragedies of the Last 
Age, 67 


243, 


Sackville, Charles, Lord Buckhurst, 
collaborates in Pompey (see 
Waller), 89, 96; takes Nell Gwyn 
from T.R., 288 

Saint André, dances in Psyche, 125; 
in Calisto, 321 

Saint Evrémond, 1218 

Saintsbury, Professor George, John 
Dryden, 928; on The Indian 
Queen, 101"; edition of Dryden, 
135"; on Shadwell, 198"; on 
Dryden’s love disputes, 215; on 
Marriage a la Mode, 217; on The 
Kind Keeper, 218; on The Mis- 
taken Husband, 219; on The Mall, 
220 

Saint Serfe, Sir Thomas, Tarugo’s 
Wiles, 180, 208, 238, 259, 308 

Sandford, Samuel, plays the villain, 
65; his parts, 69; order for arrest 
of, 288"; made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298; signs petition, 330; 
salary of, 340 

Sandmann, P., 174" 

Satire in Restoration drama, 80-1; 
of Shadwell, 196; of Cowley, 199; 
of Tatham, 199; of Wilson, 200 

Saunders, Charles, Tamerlane, 54, 73, 
842, 146 

Saunderson, Mrs, wife of Betterton, 
72; actress at L.I.F., signs peti- 
tion, 330; salary of, 340-1 

Scarron, Paul, influence of on Re- 
storation drama, 177 


406 


Scarron, Paul (continued) 
L’Ecolier de Salamanque, 215 
L Héritier ridicule, 177, 235 
Jodelet, 177, 235 
Le Roman Comique, 177 
Scene-drawings, 55-7 
Scenery in Restoration theatres, 29-49 
Schelling, Felix, rr0, 127, 184 
Scheurer, C. M., An Early Sentimental 
Comedy, 2582 
Schréder, translator of The Fatal 
Marriage, 144 
Scott, Thomas 
Mock Marriage, The, 39° 
Unhappy Kindness, The, 12%, 160 
Scott, Sir Walter, 219; on The Indian 
Queen, 1008; on The Mall, 220; 
Fortunes of Nigel, 196 
Scudéry, George de, 10 
Iilustve Bassa, L’, 98 
Le Trompeur Puni, 87 
Scudéry, Madeleine de, 88, 93, 108 
Clélie, 86 
Le Grand Cyrus, 86, 146, 215 
Sedley, Sir Charles, 10, 15, 21, 76, 81, 
89, 96, 100, I7I, 253 
Antony and Cleopaira, 110, 310 
Bellamira, 171, 222, 223, 313 
Mulberry-Garden, The, 27, 
202", 222, 306 
Seneca, Troades, 85; influences Dry- 
den, 134 
Sentimentalism, 228; in Southerne, 
144, 228; in Banks, 155; origin 
of, 251, 253; development and 
characteristics of, 253-67; in 
Behn, 212; mars some of Con- 
greve’s work, 230; in Ravens- 
croft, 244 
Serle, petition against Lacy, 2842 
Settle, Elkanah, 11, 20, 77, 91, 108, 
1358, 137, 1512; his heroic plays, 
I3I, 132, 140; his operas, 151-23 
arranges with Robinson for paint- 
ing scenery for an opera, 344 
Ambitious Slave, The, 91, 139 
Cambyses, 40, 55, 66, 106, 1208 
Conquest of China, The, 39, 108, 118, 
120, 310 
Distress’d Innocence, 918, 140 
Empress of Morocco, The, 33, 37, 40, 
49, 50, 62", 118, 120, 139, 290 
Fairy Queen, The, 12, 38", 125, 150, 
I5I, 162, 314 
Fatal Love, 37, 139 
Female Prelate, The, 115, 37, 40%, 
120, 138 
Heir of Morocco, The, 91", 139 


174, 


INDEX 


Settle, Elkanah (continued) 
Ibrahim, 77, 86, 1072, 108, 119 
Love and Revenge, 40%, 190, 193, 310 
Pastor Fido, 918, 108, 128 
Philaster, 150 
World in the Moon, The, 42", 48, 
125, 151 
Shadwell, Thomas, 11, 20, 25, 34, 63, 
76, 81, 181, 205, 206, 226, 227, 
231, 232, 249; his wife, 282; 
adapts Shakespeare, 124; his 
comedies, 189-98; immorality of, 
209; sentimentalism in, 253 
Amorous Bigotte, The, 195 
Bury Fair, 69, 173", 174, 176, 186, 
197, 203, 260 : 
Epsom Wells, 66, 67, 175, 193, 309, 
310, 312 
History of Timon of Athens, The, 
76", 163 
Humorists, The, 248, 63", 192, 224” 
Lancashire Witches, The, 8, 10, 81, 
122, 195 
Libertine, The, 39", 175, 193, 310 
Miser, The, 76, 175, 192, 193 
Psyche, 37, 40%, 123, 125, 151, 176, 
310 
Royal Shepherdess, The, 6", 128, 
192, 252 
Scowrers, The, 197, 206, 260 
Squire of Alsatia, The, 69, 75, 171, 
174, 175, 176, 186, 188 
Sullen Lovers, The, 6%, 26, 68, 76, 
81, 174, 183, 186, 190, 192, 223, 
309, 311 
Tempest, The, 44, 49, 62, 123, 124, 
193, 310, 311, 318 
True Widow, A, 12, 23", 183, 195 
Virtuoso, The, 16, 76, 194, 310 
Volunteers, The, 23", 197, 198, 255 
Woman Captain, The, 14", 195 
Shakespeare, William, 30, 111, 178, 
189; women characters of, 71, 
72; the spirit of his plays, 79; 
adaptations of, 80, 134, 161-7; 
tragedies of, 84; stress in, 93; 
influence of, 131, 132, 133, 138, 
145, 152, 154", 158", 203", 204, 
210, 264; his comedy of romance, 
182 
Alls Well that Ends Well, 162, 316 
Antony and Cleopatra, 110, 162, 316 
As You Like It, 5, 78, 162, 316 
Comedy of Errors, The, 162, 316 
Coriolanus, 163, 316 
Cymbeline, 163, 316 
Hamlet, 5, 35, 64, 69, 83, 161, 163, 
164, 310, 313, 314 


INDEX 


Shakespeare, William (continued) 
Henry IV, 13, 27, 64, 275, 316 
Henry V, 64 
Henry VI, 163, 315 
Henry MEIT; 26, 35, 64, 83-4, Z52%, 
163, 309, 314 

Julius Caesar, 64, 82", 1417, 163, 
308, 316 

King John, 315 

King Lear, 64, 83, 162, 167 

Love’s Labour's Lost, 162, 316 

Macbeth, 83, 84, 146, 162, 
264, 308, 314 

Measure for Measure, 162, 314 

Merchant of Venice, The, 162, 164, 
316 

Merry Wives of Windsor, The, 26, 
162, 307, 316 

Much Ado about Nothing, 162, 314 

Othello, 64, 71, 78, 82, 84, 163, 164, 
207%, 307, 308, 311, 312, 313, 316 

Pericles, 64, 83, 163, 315 

Richard II, 163, 315 

Richard III, 316 

Romeo and Juliet, 64, 67, 83, 152, 
161, 162, 167, 314 

Taming of the Shrew, The, 162, 200, 
315 

Tempest, The, 162, 168, 314 

Timon of Athens, 64, 127, 163, 315 

Titus Andronicus, 64, 82", 84, 120, 
162, 316 

Troilus and Cressida, 64, 163-6, 
167, 315 

Twelfth Night, 30, 64, 162, 168, 169, 
314 

Two Gentlemen of Verona, The, 162, 


166, 


315 
Winter's Tale, The, 162 

Shatterall, Edward, 269; made His 
Majesty’s servant, 274; receives 
livery, 283" 

Shatterall, Robert, an original mem- 
ber of the Red Bull Company, 
269; made His Majesty’s servant, 
274; agrees with Herbert, 276%; 
one of lessees of the T.R., 281; 
his shares in T.R., 282; deleted 
from actor list, 283; debts of, 
285; in T.R. agreement, 289"; in 
agreement for regulating stage, 
291 . 

Shaw, Bernard, 229 

Man and Superman, 73 
Misalliance, 221 

Shedlock, J. S., edits music of Pur- 
cell, 1512 

Shenan, French dancer, 60” 


407 

Shepherd, performs in Calisto, 321 

Sheppey, Thomas, an original member 
of Cockpit company, 270; his 
agreement with D’Avenant, 272"; 
debts of, 285; sued by Johnson, 
294; made His Majesty’s servant, 
2098; sharing actor, 336 

Sheridan, R. B., 236, 267 

Sherley, joins T.R. company, 279 

She Ventures and He Wins, 1618 

Shipman, Thomas, Henry the Third of 
France, 106 

Shirley, James, 82, 97; horror school 
in tragedy, 160 

Bird in a Cage, The, 315 
Brothers, The, 316 
Cardinal, The, 27, 82", 316 
Changes, The, 169, 307 
Doubtful Heir, The, 316 
Example, The, 82", 169 
Grateful Servant, The, 168 
Hyde Park, 249", 306 
Imposture, The, 316 
Maid’s Revenge, The, 143 
Opportunity, The, 169 
School of Compliment, The, 13, 163, 
308 
Sisters, The, 316 
Traitor, The, 82", 307 
Witty Fair One, The, 168-9 

Shore, J., witnesses agreement of 
Cibber and Rich, 344 

Singleton, violinist, 62" 

Sir Popular Wisdom (see The Politi- 
tian) 

Skipwith, Sir Thomas, takes shares in 
theatre, 299, 302", 303; answers 
actors’ petition, 332-40 

Slade, Mrs, 81; suspended, 292 

Slingsby, Lady, arrested, 296” 

Smith, Cecily, petitions against Shat- 
terall, 285" 

Smith, G. C. Moore, College Plays, 
I n 

Smith, John, Cytherea, 248" 

Smith, William, 18; signs articles of 
Union, 296, 331; created His 
Majesty’s servant, 298 

Smyth, dancer, 60°; in Calisto, 321 

Smyth, John, Win Her and Take Her, 
248 

Snow, Richard, petitions against Har- 
ris, 2842 

Some Reflections upon the Pretended 
Parallel, 135” 

Song in Restoration drama, 59-63 

Sophocles, influence of on Dryden, 134 

Sorbiéres, Relation dun voyage, 11, 34% 


408 


Sorin, French dancer, agrees with 
Betterton, 346 

Southerne, Thomas, 124, 143-5; 
pathos in, 156, 158; brings Pau- 
sanias on stage, 160; his trage- 
dies, 143-5; his comedies, 228-9; 
sentimentalism in, 252; recom- 


mends Love's Last Shift for 
acting, 266 

Disappointment, The, 143, 228, 252, 
312 


Fatal Marriage, The, 144, 145, 228 
Loyal Brother, The, 91", 119, 143 
Mand’s Last Prayer, The, 229 4 
Oroonoko, 144, 145 
Sir Anthony Love, 228 4 
Wive’s Excuse, The, 57%, 228, 229, 
238 
Southland, Thomas, possibly author 
of Mistaken Husband, 221; Love 
ala Mode, 173, 176, 221 
Southly, Timoleon, attributed to, 1617 
Spanish drama, influence of, 179-80, 
216; on Ravenscroft, 242; on 
Orrery, 245 
Spectators on stage, 11-12; order re- 
garding, 322 
Spenser, Edmund, 78 
Squire, Barclay, 123” 
Stage, 28 f.; apron on, 31, 51-2 
Staggins, violinist, 62" 
Stanhop, Colonel, insulted by ‘‘ John” 
Powell, 330 
Stapylton, Sir Robert 
Hero and Leander, 91™ 
Slighted Maid, The, 35, 38, 85, 125, 
236, 252 
Siepmother, The, 38, 252 
Steele, Sir Richard, populariser of 
sentimental comedy, 184; criti- 
cism of Etherege, 224; The Lying 
Lover, 251 
Sterne, Laurence, Tristram Shandy, 
265 
Stevenson, scene-painter, 42, 125 
Streeter, scene-painter, 42 
Strong, violinist, 62" 
Sublini, Madam, singer, 65” 
Suckling, Sir John 
Aglaura, 29, 305, 307, 316 
Brenoralt, 26, 82, 316 
Goblins, The, 306, 316 | 
Summers, Montague, on Southerne, 
144”; his edition of The Rehearsal, 
1372; edition of Mrs Behn, 241” 
Restoration Comedies, 180 
Shakespeare Adaptations, 124™, 1642 
Swift, Jonathan, 194” 


INDEX 


Swinburne, A. C., on The Mistaken 
Husband, 220 

Sympson, Thomas, made His Ma- 
jesty’s servant, 298 


Tanner, sings in Calisto, 321 

Tanner, Thomas, joins T.R. Company, 
283 

Tanton, Samuel, actor, licence for, 
279" 

Tate, Nahum, his heroic plays, 131-2, 
181; adapts Shakespeare, 162-3; 
his epilogue to Successfull 
Strangers, 213; his comedies, 


244-5 

Brutus of Alba, 42, 54 

Cuckold’s Haven, 245 

Duke and No Duke, A, 240, 245, 311 

History of King Lear, The, 162%, 
167, 313 

History of King Richard II, The, 
Io®, 163 

Ingratitude of a Commonwealth, The, 
163 

Island Princess, The, 313 

Loyal General, The, 162" 

Psalms, 245 

Syphilis, 244 

Tatham, John, 200 

Distracted State, The, 199 

Rump, The, 11, 199, 212, 270 

Scots Figgaries, The, 199 

Temple, Mrs, does not sign petition, 
341 

Terence, influence of on Restoration 
comedy, 171-2 

Adoelphi, 171 
Eunuchus, 171, 223 

Term Catalogues, The, 3 

Texte, Joseph, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, 
50” 

Thaler, E., Shakespeare to Sheridan, 
16", 35” 

Thédire anglais, Le, 144” 

Theatre Royal, in Bridges Street, lease 
of, 281; ground measurements of, 
282; opened, 286; burned, 2862; 
in Vere Street, used by fencers, 
268 

Timoleon, 28, 161 

Tinder, petitions against Haynes, 2842 

Tobyas, Thomas, Life of Haynes, 2812 

Tomkis, Thomas, Albumazar, 309 

Toplady, Robert, petitions against 
Blagden, 2842 

Tourneur, Cyril, The Revenger's Tra- 
gedy, 126 

Towers, Samuel, scene-painter, 42 


INDEX 


Traitor to Himself, The, 919 

Trefusis, Joseph, made His Majesty's 
servant, 299; summoned by the 
Lord Chamberlain, 299"; does 
not sign petition, 341 

Trevor, performs in Calisto, 320 

Trotter, Mrs Catherine 

Agnes de Castro, 57" 
Love at a Loss, 57 

True History of the Duke of Guise, The, 
1353 

Tuke, Sir Samuel, The Adventures of 
Five Hours, 9, 26, 33, 35%, 38, 66, 
69, 913, 117, 161, 180, 185, 207-8, 
252, 308, 309, 310 

Tummins, John, petitions against 
Haynes, 284" 

Tunman, Thomas, petitions against 
Shatterall, 285" 

Turner, sings in The Tempest, 318 

Turner, Anthony, arrested, 269 

Turner, Henry, sharing actor, 336 

Turner, Robert, an original member 
of Cockpit company, 270; agree- 
ment of with D’Avenant, 272"; 
sued by Herbert, 279" 


Underhill, Cave, his parts, 68-9; 
speaks prologue to Women’s Con- 
quest, 1298; acts in Anatomist, 
244; publishes Win Her and Take 
Her, 248; an original member of 
Cockpit company, 270; agree- 
ment of with D’Avenant, 2723; 
debts of, 285; made His Ma- 
jesty’s servant, 298; joins L.I.F., 
301, 323 

Ungrateful Favourite, The, possibly 
by Southland, 221 

Union of the Companies (1682-95), 
66, 296-7, 322-3; effect on 
drama, 27; break of, 300-2 

Unnatural Mother, The, 28, 161 

Upham, The French Influence on 
English Literature, 86" 

Uphill, Mrs, actress at Vere Street, 281 


Vanbrugh, Sir John, characteristics of 
his comedies, 171, 181, 182, 183, 
232-3, 267 

ZEsop, 232 

Confederacy, The, 32 
Provok’d Wife, The, 232-3 
Relapse, The, 18, 23, 232 

Verbruggen, John, 302; publishes 
Brutus of Alba, 150; made His 
Majesty’s servant, 298; agree- 
ment of with T.R. company, 301, 


409 


344; leaves company, 302; as- 
saults Boyle, 303"; does not sign 
petition, 341; petition of, 346 
Verbruggen, Mrs, 72; joins L.I.F., 
301; her salary, 332, 340; joins 
T.R., 345 
Verjuice, Mrs, actress at T.R., 281 
Villiers, George, Duke of Bucking- 
ham, 18 
Chances, The, 61, 311, 312 
Rehearsal, The, 32, 76, 236, 307, 313 
Vincent, rewrites Gul’s Hornbook, 12 
Vizard-masks, 14-15 


Walker, William, Victorious Love, 147 

Waller, Edmund, 118; influence on 
heroic couplet, 90; Pompey, 89, 96 

Ward, Sir A. W., 962, 107", 110, 112, 
II3, 146, 153, 155%, 156, 190, 
193, 203, 210, 213", 223, 245, 
251, 252, 259, 2612 

Ward, Richard, 163 

Watson, joins T.R. company, 283; 
receives livery, 2832 

Weaver, Mrs, actress at Vere Street, 
281; receives livery, 283; deleted 
from actor list, 283-4; debts of, 
284 

Webb, scene-painter, 35, 41 

Webster, John, influence of on Re- 
storation drama, 84, III, 120, 
134, 138, 144, 150, 152 

Duchess of Malfi, 312, 314 
Vittoria Corombona, 82 

Wernicke, A., 175 

Weston, Jo., The Amazon Queen, 91® 

Wheatley, H. B., on post-Restoration 
quartos of Shakespeare, 164” 

Whibley, Charles, on Restoration 
drama, 158, 189, 190; on Mrs 
Behn, 209; on D’Urfey, 261" 

Whincop, Thomas, list of plays in 
Scanderbeg, 18, 151™ 

Whitaker, William, The’ Conspiracy, 
39", 146 

Whitelock, Sir Bulstrode, Memorials, 
2682 

Wilkins, George, The Miseries of En- 
forced Marriage, 255 

Wilks, Robert, acts in Constant Couple, 
234; signs agreement with Robin- 
son, 344 

William and Mary, orders of regarding 
stage, 12, 75; their patronage of 
drama, 299 

Williams, Joseph, acts in Old Batche- 
lour, 229; made His Majesty’s 
servant, 298; leaves his company, 


410 


300; returns, 300; joins L,I.F., 
301, 323; Signs petition, 330; 
salary of, 332, 339 
Wilmot, John, Earl of Rochester, 9, 
20, 21, 79, 166, 187, 196, 253; 
on Wycherley, 226" 
Sodom, 24 
Valentinian, 24, 311, 313, 318 
Wilson, John, 50, 199-200 
Andronicus Comnenius, 50 
Belphegor, 250 
Cheats, The, 200 
Projectors, The, 171, 200 
Windham, Sir Edward, 817, 2923 
Windows on stage, 53 
Wintershall, William, gives recogni- 
sances for appearance of Turner, 
269; made His Majesty’s servant, 
274; agreement of with Herbert, 
276"; one of lessees of T.R., 281; 
his shares, 282; receives livery, 
2832; debts of, 285; in T.R. 
agreement, 289"; in agreement 
for regulating stage, 291 
Wit for Money, 262", 2642 
Woman turn’d Bully, The, 204 
Women in the Restoration period, 25 


INDEX 


Wood, Anthony a, 107", 248"; peti- 
tions against Blagden, 284" 
Wordsworth, William, 182 
Wren, Sir Christopher, 31, 32", 51", 
53; designs of for theatres, 290; 
ordered to re-mat seats in Royal 
Cockpit, 342; ordered to inspect 
D.G. theatre, 347 
Wright, James, Historia Histrionica, 
72, 48, 268", 2868 
Wright, John, Thyestes, 85 
Wright, Thomas, 44; The Female Ver- 
twoso’s, 12, 13, 176, 248 
Wycherley, William, 17, 222, 223; 
characteristics of his dramas, 
172, 178, 181, 188, 225-9, 231 
Country-Wife, The, 13", 174, 189, 
226, 307, 308 ; 
Gentleman Dancing Master, The, 
132, 180, 226 
Love in a Wood, 68, 225 
Plain Dealer, The, 13", 14", 68, 174, 
177, 188, 225, 226, 227,.308, 312 


Yates, Mrs, receives livery, 
deleted from actor-list, 283 
Young, violinist, 622 


283; 


CAMBRIDGE: PRINTED BY W. LEWIS, M.A., AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS 


———————e 


Redwood Library 


SELECTIONS FROM THE RULES 


1. Three volumes may be taken at a time 
and only three on one share. Two unbound 
numbers of a monthly and three numbers of a 
weekly publication are counted asta volume. 


2. Books other than 7-day and 14-day ones 
may be kept out 28 days. Books cannot be 
renewed or transferred. 


3. Books overdue are subject to a fine of one 
cent a day for fourteen days, and five cents a 
day for each day thereafter. 


4. Neglect to pay the fine will debar fara 
the use ofthe Library. ° 


5. No book ‘is to be lent out of the house of 
the person to whom it is charged. 


6. Any person who shall soit (deface) or 
damage or lose a book belonging to the Library 
shall be liable to ‘such fine as the Directors may 
impose; or shall pay the value of the book or of 
the set, if it be a part of a set, as the Directors 
may elect. All scribbling or any marking or 
writing whatever, folding or turning down the 
leaves. as well as cutting’ or tearing any matter 
from a book belonging to the Library, will be con- 
sidered defacement and damage. 


4 oe oo? oe 


| 


il 
3 693 300 149972 D 


f 


[ 


| 


| 


AT 


: 


RAR 


| 


| 


OD LIB 


| 


REDWO 


Redwood Library & Athenaeum 
50 Bellevue Ave. 
Newport, RI 02840-3292 


GAYLORD M2 


