Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



THE TUDOR 
TRANSLATIONS 



EDITED BY 



W. E. HENLEY 



xm 



THE HISTORY OF 

DON QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 

TEANSLATED FROM THE SPANISH 
OF HIOUEL DE CEBTANTE8 BY 

THOMAS SHELTON 

ANNta 161S, 1620 

With IntroductioDS by 

JAMES FITZMAURICE-KELLY 



VOLUME I 




LONDON 

Published by DAVID NITTT 

IN THE STRAND 

1896 



mge 



a 






: T. and A. Comstablb, Printen to H«r Mi^jeity 



o 



*^**^^rgrflriy[gtfl 






TO 

CHARLES FURSE 

IN WHOSE PICTUBB OF THE GOLDEN CHILD 

THE SHADOW OF HER SWEET AND 

VANISHED PRESENCE ABIDES 

TO TELL THE UNKNOWING TEARS 

A LTITLE PART OF THEIR 

INDflTABLE LOSS 



V 



I 

I 



INTRODUCTION 



TO THE FIEST PART 




UDGED by any test, whether of authority El 



or of vogue, Don Quixote mmt be ac- ^^^ 

counted amone the foremost books of ^^ 

Quixote 
the world. The Bible and the Imilalio de la 

CAmii— perhaps also Tht PilgrinCa Pro- *<'"«*« 

ffress — have been more often translated ; 

but the adventurous history of the 

Manchegan Knight appeals to a circle scarce less wide than 

they. 1'he sense of humour is no rarer than the exaltation 

of mysticism, and of humour D<m Quurote is all compact. 

Moreover, it is compounded of essences attractive to every 

a^ and walk, and hence it carries, as by natural right, the 

honourable title of the most catholic book of all time. 

Nor is its vast renown unproved by stress of circumstance. 

For nearly three centuries its feshion has endured ; and it 

seems safe to predict that the popular book of the early 

Seventeenth Century will stand a favourite classic with the 

Twentieth. Its author did more than testify to a fleeting 

mode when he vaunted of his masterpiece that 'it is so 

* conspicuous and so void of difficulty, that children may 

* handle him, youths may read him, men may understand 
' him, and old men may celebrate him.' So is it to-day ; 

b U 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

^TRO- and, since the fundamental basis of human nature is a 

CTION constant, so we may assume it will be to-morrow. Posterity 
has ratified the writer^s half-bantering, half-complacent ver- 
dict that his unique madman is ^ the most chaste, enamoured, 
' and valiant Knight that hath beene scene, read, or heard of 
' these many ages^; and that in Sancho Panza 'are deciphered 
' all the Squirelike graces dispersed throughout the vaine 
' rout of Knightly Bookes.'* A classic of the first order, 

1 there never was work more heartily national, more native to 

the heroic soil that gave it being. To conceive of Spanish 
Literature without Don Quixote is to contemplate an army 
cut off from its artillery. And withal, Spanish to the core 
though the book be, none is dearer to the imiversal heart 
and the general fancy. In the rankest travesty, it has 
awakened the laughter and tears of countless multitudes. 

World unconscious of its higher qualities. It belongs to the WeU- 
lAieratur ; and its hero is free of every city where the Comic 
Muse abides. If Sancho^s sententious wisdom be the despair 
of the most accomplished translators, the broader aspects of 
his creator'*s brave gaiety can be divined in the most flagrant 
caricature. Toiling in the childhood of his art, Thomas 
Shelton first introduced Cervantes to the larger audience of 
mankind; and the fact that Shelton is still unsuperseded 
bears witness to the value of his work. Its ndiveUy its crude 
fidelity, and its incomparable vigour give it a place apart. 

I 

Writer Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra sprang from a famous 
Castilian stock, whose solar was at Cervatos, near Reinosa, 
in the province of Old Castile. There is no evidence earlier 

X 



■•^•^r 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

than the Fourteenth Century of its alleged connexion with INTRO- 
Gralicia. The surname derives from the Castle of San AUCTION 
Cervantes, built beyond Toledo by Alfonso vi. towards the 
end of the Eleventh Century, and so called in honour of 
Servandus, the martyred son of the centurion Marcellus. 
Ford, indeed, rejects this derivation ; but on such matters 
his authority is not comparable to that of a trained contem- 
porary genealogist like Rodrigo M ^ndez Silva. According 
to Conde, Benengeli, — the Son of the Stag, — the feigned 
historian of Don Quixote^s exploits, was meant to be the 
Arabic rendering of the real author^s name. The conjec- 
ture lacks probability. Cervantes was precisely the man to 
know the details of his house^s history : he must have met 
kinsmen who respected etymology by writing the name 
^Servantes^; and he assuredly knew that his arms were 
hinds — ^not the stags which distinguished the elder branch. 
Years afterward Grdngora compared Cervantes to the battered Cervantes 
old fort beside the Tagus : and agreement with Ford would G<$ngora 
shear Grdngora^s bitter ballad of all its point. The youngest Ford 
child of Rodrigo de Cervantes and Leonor de Cortinas, 
Miguel was baptized on October 9, 1547, in the Church of 
Santa Maria Mayor at Alcald de Henares. His birthday is 
unknown. That he was educated at the University of Sala- 
manca is most improbable: the theory depends solely on 
the belated witness of one Tomds Gonzdlez, who declared 
that he had seen Cervantes^ name in that University's 
Matriculation Lists. No such entry can be traced; nor 
is there good reason to think that Cervantes ever set foot 
in Salamanca. Like Shakespeare, he had small Latin and 
less Greek ; and university pedants japed him as an ingemo 

xi 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- lego. That he knew his Knight Errantries by heart appears 

DUCTION on every page of Don Quixote ; and LtusariUo de Tormes is 

the original inspiration of such tales as Rinconete y Corta- 

diBo. Himself records that he had seen Lope de Rueda on 

the boards : hence it may be inferred that his taste for the 

theatre developed early. But nothing has reached us of his 

youth. A schoolmaster named Juan Ldpez de Hoyos dubs 

him a ' dear and beloved pupil ^ in 1669 ; but the relation 

between the two is uncertain. This Hoyos reference occurs 

in a collection of verses on the death of Philip the Second^'s 

Man of wife, Isabel de Valois. Herein Cervantes dawns upon 

^^^" literature with five redandUUu^ an epitaph, and an elegy: 

all of decent mediocrity. So far as concerns the poetic gift, 
his endowment was scant; and, in the Viaje del PamasOi 
written foriy-five years later, he avows that he seeks ever to 
supply by the file what nature bad denied : — 

' Yo, qae siempre trsbajo y me desvelo 
Por parecer que' tengo de poeta 
La grada^ que no quiso danne el cielo. . . .' 

Before he could see himself in print, he left for Rome as 
camarero in the train of the Special Nuncio, Giulio Acqua- 
viva. But a chamberlain'^s was no life for him, and within 
two years he was serving as a private in Miguel de Mon- 
Soldier cada^s regiment. A bom man-at-arms, he was fortunate 

in service. He was wounded (and maimed for life) at 
Lepanto ; and, glorjring in his scars, he never ceased to brag 
of his share in that memorable fight. He played his part 
in the operations before Navarino, Corfu, Tunis, and the 
Goletta. Returning to Naples, he sailed aboard the Sol for 
Spain in September 1675. On the S6th of that month, 
xii 



h 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

his caravel was boarded by Moorish corsairs ; and, after a INTRO- 
stout resistance, crew and passengers were taken into Algiers. DUCTION 
The remaining details are recorded by Haedo in his Topo- 
graphia de Argely and are repeated by M^ndez Silva, who 
had no inkling of the fact that the hero of this pageant of 
adventures was in very deed the author of Don Quixote. Captive 
Cervantes abode a slave for five years : organising plans of 
escape, plotting a general rising that should leave Algiers 
a Spanish port, in imitation of what had passed at Tunis in 
1586. He was so much the acknowledged leader of the 
captives that the Dey held him a hostage for the safety of 
the town; nor was he ransomed till 1580, when he was 
already shipped for Constantinople aboard the Viceroy^s 
galley. Once more he enlisted to serve in Portugal and at 
the Azores ; and, on his return to Spain in the fall of 1588, 
he set about making a living by his pen. 

In Algiers, as his fellow-captive Antonio de Sosa wit- 
nesses, Cervantes spent much time in verse-making ; and, to 
the last day of his life, he was all too ready a sonneteer. Poet 
It is worth while to track his steps through literature. 
Under the date of 1577, there survive two sonnets 
addressed by him to Bartolome Rufino de Chamber! and 
a copy of verses dedicated to the Secretary of State, 
Mateo Vazquez. In 1582, Luis Gdlvez de Montalvo in the 
Pcutor de Fdida figures him as a poet of some repute. 
Next year he is discovered contributing one prefatory sonnet 
to Padilla^s RomancerOj and another to the Austriada of 
Juan Rufo Gutierrez. Herewith his reputation grows, and 
(in 1584) Padilla ranks his name with those of ^ los/amosos 

poetaa de CastiUa^^ A more ambitious enterprise is the 

• • . 
xui 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

TTRO- pastoral novel Primera Parte de Galatea^ published at 
CTION Alcald de Henares in 1686 by Juan Graddn, soon after 
aiatea the author^s marriage with Catalina de Palacios Salazar y 
Vozmediano. During the years ensuing he produced with- 
out a halt. To the JardCn EspirUual of Padilla (1686) 
he prefixed a copy of redondiUaSy of estandaSy and a sonnet. 
Another sonnet and some spirited quintiUca precede the 
CcnuAonero of Ldpez Maldonado in 1686 ; and in 1687 two 
prefatory sonnets herald Padilla^s Gra/ndezas y eoccelencias 
de la xArgen Sefiara Nvestra and the PhUosophia cartesana 
moralizada of Alonso de Barros. A more bizarre inspira- 
tion drew from him a sonnet for a book on kidney diseases 
by Doctor Francisco Diaz in 1688 : the Tratado rmevamente 
impreso acerca de las en/ermedades de los rifkmes. 

But these performances are by the way; for at this 
period, as he announces elsewhere, he wrote some twenty 
inright plays, unblessed by popular approval. Of these El Traio 
de Argel and Numanda survive. Concerning the latter, 
ley Shelley records a too generous impression : — ^ I have read 

^ the Nunumcia, and after wading through the singular 
^ stupidity of the first act, began to be greatly delighted, 
^ and at length interested in a very high degree, by the 
^ power of the writer in awakening pity and admiration, in 
* which I hardly know by whom he is excelled. There is 
^ little, I allow, to be called poetry in this play ; but the 
' command of language, and the harmony of versification, is 
^ so great as to deceive one into an idea that it is poetry.*^ 
None the less. El Trato de Argel and Ntmumda both failed 
upon the boards. Among the plays now lost to us are La 
BaiaUa Naval^ written, as it should seem, on the subject of 
xiv 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Lepanto ; La Gran Turquesca and La JenuaUn, attributed INTRO- 
to the year 1684; La Amaranta and El Bosque AmorosOy DUCTION 
referred to 1686. There remain to name La Con/usOy on 
which the author plumes himself in the Viaje del Pamaso. 
And last of all is Za Ar&inda: lost but not — perhaps — 
irrecoverable. That it long survived its author is manifest 
from its mention by Juan de Matos Fragoso in La Corsaria 
Caialana^ a comedy issued at Madrid as late as 1673. The 
very names of the others are forgotten. ^Tis often said that 
the writer was driven from the stage by that ' invincible por- 
tent,^ F^ix Lope de Vega Carpio. The notion is absurd ; for Lope de Vega 
it is the simple fact that Cervantes had accepted his defeat, 
and had retired to Seville, long before Lope carried the scene. 
And, to judge from the examplps that remain to us, he was 
rejected on his strict dements. In competition with homelier 
wits he failed to shine. There needed not a miracle like 
Lope to compass his exclusion : natural causes sufficed. 

At Seville he found work in the Audiencia Real, and in The Armada 
June 1588 he became Deputy-Purveyor to the hosts of the 
Invincible Armada. But he can be followed steadily in 
the by-paths of literature. In 1591 he is discovered con- 
tributing Los CeloSf a romance of fifteen quatrains, to the 
Valencian edition of Andres de Villalba^s Flor de varies 
y nuevos romances', and the ballad (a favourite with its 
maker) reappears in the Romancer o General of 1604, as 
also in the reprint of 1614. As late as 1592 he despairs 
not of success upon the stage, and, to ensure it, signs an 
agreement binding himself to produce six comedies at fifty 
ducats each : no payment to be made unless the manager — 
Rodrigo Osorio-— should hold the plays for among the best 

XV 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

RO- in Spain. In 1594 he is named Collector of Revenues for 

nON the Province of Granada. The year after he swoops upon 
Zaragoza to take part in a literary joust held in honour of 
St. Hyacinth ; and, as first prizeman, he departs in triumph, 
with three silver spoons. The unfailing sonnet (in memory 
of his old chief Santa Cruz) is prefixed to Mosquera de 
Figueroa'*s Comentario en Breve Compendio de Disciplina 
MUUar, published at Madrid in 1596; and to the same 
year belongs his satiric celebration of Medina Sidonia^s 
triumphal entry into a Cddiz, sacked and evacuated by the 
English. The tribute to Hernando de Herrera is referred 
with probability to 1597 ; but in the September of that 
year the author'^s sonneteering closed abruptly : at least, 

)r for the time. He was imprisoned at Seville because of irre- 
gularities in his accounts: he had intrusted the Exchequer 
balances to one Simdn Freire de Lima, who absconded, 
leaving assets insufiicient to cover the amount. 

Released at the close of the year, Cervantes was cast 
adrift once more. But in the Eing'^s service he had gained 
a provision ample for life and for fame. As tax-gatherer 
he had padded the hoof upon the highroad with rabble- 

yssey ment of all estates. Footing it from one to another town, 
he had rubbed shoulders with his great originals: with 
the surpliced Bachelor of Alcobendas, who would fain pass 
for a Licentiate ; with Gin& de Pasamonte, ^ a very comely 
^ personage, save onely that when he looked, he seemed to 

* thrust the one eye into the other ^ ; with the ^ Biscaine 

* by land, and a Grentleman by Sea, a Gentleman in despite 
^ of the Divell ^ ; with the Host, ^ an Andaluzian, and of the 
' commarke of S. Lucars, no less thievish then Cacus '* ; 

xvi 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

with • Dofia Tolosa, a Botchers daughter of Toledo, that INTRO- 
* dwelt in the Rewes of Sancho Benega'; with the * Monkes AUCTION 
of S. Benets order, mounted on two Dromedaries,^ masks, 
spectacles, and 'Umbrilles^ complete. And Seville itself 
abounded in opportunities for a liberal education. On 
the Plaza de San Salvador, in every slum of the Triana, In Seville 
Cervantes would daily meet with the great twin-brethren 
Pedro del Rincdn and Diego Cortado ; with M onipodio, the 
Captain-General of the roystering Sjiights of the Hook ; with 
Ganchuelo, who never stole o^ Fridays, nor talked o^ Saturdays 
to any punk styled Mary ; with those pimping swaggerers 
Chiquiznaque, Maniferro, Repolido, and their ruddled doxies 
Grananciosa, Escalanta, and Cariharta. And, as already 
shown, he knew the prison-life from withm the bars. His 
financial muddling had ruined the Treasury'^s trust in him : 
leastways, set loose from jail, he was no more officer of the 
King. But that he tarried in Seville is proved by his bur- 
lesque sonnet on a catafalque set up there by the City Fathers 
on the occasion of Philip the Second^s death in 1598 : in 
a graver mood are the sonnet and twelve qumtiUas on the 
same subject. To 1598 also is referred a prefatory sonnet 
in Lope de Vegans DragotUea; and one biographer upon 
another confirms the attribution. It may be worth while 
to say, here and now, that the poem appears, not in the 
first edition of the Dragonieay but in the second of 1602. 
There is evidence to show that Cervantes lingered in Seville 
as late as 1600. Save for the Dragontea sonnet of 160S, 
there follows a blank of three years, when the harried man 
posts to Valladolid in obedience to a Treasury writ ; and The Book 
with him he brings the manuscript of Don Quixote. 
c xvii 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO. 

)ucTioN n 

A vague phrase in the Prologue has suggested the theory 
that the First Part was begun in jcdL But it may be a 
figure to describe the story as ' a dry, shrivelled, whimsical 
ofispring . . . just what might be begotten in a prison/ 
The immemorial tradition is that Cervantes was thrust 
into the cellar of the Casa de Medrano at Argamasilla de 
Alba ; and reasons, as plentiful as they are improbable, are 
forged to explain the alleged imprisonment. Surmise apart, 
^LS?"^ Argamasilla is indubitably Don Quixote^s town. His * wise 
j^'*^*"**' and most absolute Historiographer ' sets out by indicating 
^a certaine village of the Mancha,^ the name of which he 
has no desire to recall ; but he fails not of precision in the 
concluding antic doggerel of the ArgamasiUan Academics, 
embellished with epithets the most grotesque: as Moni- 
congo the Mannikin, Paniaguado the Lickspittle, Cachi- 
diablo the Imp of Hell, and Tiquitoc, the Elegist of 
Dulcinea. Within three years from the first publication 
of the Knight^s discomfitures, Quevedo^s comic ballad : — 

' De on molimiento de huesos 
A poroB paloB y piedras^ 
Don Quixote de la Maneha 
Yace doliente sin fuerzas ' : — 

assumes the connexion between hero and place to be incon- 
trovertible &ct; and topography demonstrates its justifi- 
ite cation. Concerning the time of composition, the evidence 

is intemaL ' These that follow,^ says Master Nicholas (^ for 
so hight the Barber^), preparing the holocaust of Don 
Quixote's library, ^ these that follow be TTte Sheepheard of 
xviii 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Iberia . . .^ : And Bernardo de la Vega'^s work appeared at INTRO- 

SeviUe in 1691. Again, in the Eighth Chapter of The DUCTION 

Third Book, Gin4a de Pasamonte proclaims his own history 

as one * that quite puttes down LazariOo de TormeSj and as 

many others as are written or shall write of that kind/ If, 

as some hold, the flout be aimed at Mateo Alemin^'s Vida 

del pCcaro Guxm&n de Alfarache^ the passage dates from 

1599 or later. Howbeit, licensed for the press in September 

1604, Don Quixote appeared early in 1606. Oddly enough, 

the book is twice named at an earlier date than that 

imprinted on its title-page. Writing under the pseudonym 

of Francisco Ldpez de tJbeda, Alonso Perez introduces the 

hero in La Pdcara Jtutina. As thus : — 

' Mis famo— que Dona Oli — 
Que Don QtUao—y Lazari — 
Que Alfarache y Celesti — .' 

And La Picara JtLstina passed the Censor on August 22, 
1604. More : in a letter revealed by Schack, Lope de Vega, 
on August 4, 1604, informs his patron, the Duque de Sessa, 
that no budding poet Ms as bad as Cervantes, none so 
foolish as to praise Don Quixote,'' Clearly the book had 
achieved a reputation or ever it was in print. The dedicar Dedication 
tion was accepted by the Duque de B^jar; nor was this 
the first time that a Cervantes had offered a gift to one 
of that ilk. Early in the previous century, a kinsman — the 
Licentiate Alonso de Cervantes — had addressed his gloss (in 
one hundred and seventy-two stanzas) of Manrique^s Coplas 
to Alvaro de Stufiiga, the second Duque de B^jar. 

Despite the literary cliques in Madrid, Don Quixote 
took the town by storm ; so that the Fifth Edition was 

xix 



Cerranteaaa 
he Never 
Could Heve 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- arprinting in Valencia by July. The Peninsula, with 
DUCTION Europe in its trMn, hailed the book a masterpiece, and 
its TOgue became general. Tis nowadays the mode to 
read strange, exoteric meanings into the writer''s pages. It 
is not enough that Cervantes should be for us what he was 
to bis contemporaries : a genius of the first order, a fellow 
of infinite humour, of inexhaustible inTcntion. It falls 
short of his meed to hold him for one of the greatest 
figures in all literature, for the author of the most divert- 
ing, the most varied book of entertainment in the world. 
He must perforce be exhibited as a scholar, a purist — even 
an exquisite — in style, a philosopher, a poet, a man of 
science, a lofty political thinker still brooding upon his 
country's decadence, a moralist, a preacher, a religious re- 
former. The great artist is degraded to a dull man*s fetish ! 
In sober truth Cervantes wore notie of these proud titles, nor 
aspired to any. A master who delighted in irony, a satiric 
genius who was also a finished observer of folly, he had 
surely immortalised the corybantics of his posthumous dei^ 
vishes. He was no scholar, nor aught resembling it : — he 
dashes down a quotation at hazard, as he recalls it, with 
never a pedant spectre to afiright him at his work. His 
memory plays him many a jest : — with inimitable assurance 
and gaiety he will confuse a pair of stories (borrowed from 
Ariosto), or will jumble history by representing Lautrec 
and the Great Captain as engaged in the same campaign. 
At his best, he is beyond all question a most distinguished 
writer of Spanish prose ; but he abounds in incorrections, 
in lapses of grammar, in slips of sense, in Italian construc- 
tions, in sentences barbed with a thicket of relatives hope- 



Style 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

lessly estranged from their antecedents. As a craftsman INTRO- 
Cervantes has no claim to the first, nor to the second, place DUCTION 
among Spanish writers. And so likewise is it when he 
attempts to shine in abstract speculation. Wheresoever 
he puts by character and incident to take on a pontifical 
air, his confusions, his feeble reasonings, his tendency to Weakness 
banality bewray the amateur. To attribute to him qualities 
to which he never pretended-— qualities which he not only had 
not, but which he could not have had and been the author 
of Don Quixote — is to do him heinous wrong. Cervantes 
never rises above the average thought of his time : as, 
indeed, why should he? He shares the petty hopes and 
fears, the trivial joys and pains of common humanity ; and Strength 
the sympathy which makes him kin to all the world forms 
a great part of his universal force. The average Spaniard 
of the Seventeenth Century with the temperament of 
genius : such precisely Cervantes was, and such he approves 
himself in every line of his masterpiece. He is to be 
judged solely as an extraordinary talent, as a consummate 
artist in humour, and as a prince of invention. Thus Standing 
considered, he ranks among the supreme figures. And, 
as he recognised his multiple limitations, so did he appre- 
ciate his strength with unerring instinct. ^ The GcUaiea of 
^ Michel Cervantes, quoth the Barber. That Cervantes, saide 
^ the Curate, is mine old acquaintance this many a yeare. 
^ And I knowe, he is more practised in misfortunes then in 
^ verses. His booke hath some good invention in it. . . .'* Baro inventor 
Again, in the Viaje del PamasOj Mercury speeds a com- 
pliment : ^ Pasa, raro inventor, pasa adelante." Time upon 
time, Cervantes repeats the assertion of his claim : and with 

xxi 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- jurtioe. A ' rare inventor^ be was, before and above aught 
DUGTION else. And as such he passes onward to an unique renown. 

m 

Conceived as a burlesque (mainly of JmadCs de GaulOf 
that model of mysterious descent ^), Don Quixote remains the 

AtnadU qf ^ Conoeniing the source of Amadis de dmia, the conflict of authority it 

Cfaul and the keen. Wolf and Ticknor pronounce in fiivour of a Portuguese origin. Ticknor 
I^iughtr- ^ accepts the statement of Gomes Eannes de Azurara^in the Chronica do 
Ermitnes it q^^^ j)^ p^^ ^ Afmetes-'^tuX the book was written by Vasco de Lobeira 

who, knighted m 1385 on the eye of the battle of Aljubarrota» died in 1405. 
Wolfs opinion is based on broader grounds : on the general relation between 
the literatures of Spain and Portugal. He further eonceiyes that the appear- 
ance of a snbjectiye work like Amadis d$ Gaula implies the existence of a 
large mass of courtly lyrics : a condition unfulfilled in Spain. Arguing in 
fiiyour of a Spanish descent, D. Pascual de Gayangos completely refutes 
Ticknor's theory. Vasco de Lobeira would be about twenty-one years old 
when he was knighted in 1385 ; but in the Ritnado de Palacic, which dates 
from 1367-1370^ the Chancellor Pero L6pes de Ayala laments the time wasted 
by him on Amadis and other idle romances. 

' P16gome otzQsi oyr muchas yegadas, 
Libros de deuaneos e mentixas probadas, 
Amadfs, Lanzalote, e burlas asacadas, 
En que perdi mi tiempo a muy malas jomadas.* 

Again, in the Canciotufv de Baena (Nos. 38, 249, and 305), the book is 
mentioned by Fmy Migir, Francisco Imperial and Pero Ferrus, contemporaries 
of the Chancellor. It follows that a Castilian redaction of Amadis existed 
long before Vasco de Lobeira's time. In our own day the battle has been 
vigorously fought by Theophilo Braga on behalf of Portugal, while Ludwig 
Braunfels has contended for the Spanish yiew with rare cogency and learning. 
On the whole, the Portuguese case seems the stronger, and it is supported by 
a recent discoyery. In the Eleventh Chapter of the Second Book of Amadis de 
Gaula, King Lisuarte*s daughter sings the ballad which Amadis made for her : — 

' Leonoreta sin roseta, 
Blanca sobre todo flor, 
Sin roseta no me meta 
En tal cuita vuestro amor.* 

As Se&or Men^ndes y Pelayo points out, in the Colocci-Bnmcuti Canumiere 
(Nos. 230 and 232), the same riiaumelle occurs under the rubric of Joham de 
Lobeira, a Portuguese poet at the court of King Dinia (1261-1325). 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

best of parodies. And, outgrowing the bounds of the first INTRO- 
design, it became something more than the chief of picar- DUCTION 
esque novels. At the outset, Cervantes destined it, like 
enough, to a place among the Novelas Exemplares. Its 
present division into chapters is an obvious afterthought; 
and, assuredly, the epigraphs are the work of a bungling 
meddler. Regard the opening words of the Sixth Chapter 
in the First Book : ^ Who slept yet soundly.*^ Meaningless 
as it stands, the phrase is plainly a fragment arbitrarily 
severed from the foregoing sentence. Cervantes, whatever 
his primitive intent, grew enamoured of his concep- 
tion, and was, with intervals of discouragement — so far 
as an artist may be — ^possessed and mastered by it. As he Cervantes' 
avouches, his aim was * to diminish the authoritie and ^^®®^ 

* acceptance that Bookes of Chivalrie have in the world and 
among the vulgar **; ^to overthrow the ill compiled Machina 
' and bulk of those Knightly Bookes, abhorred by many, but 

* applauded by more.*^ There, Englished by Shelton, stands 
the author'^s ingenuous avowal. But crotcheteers know 
better. Defoe would persuade you that Don Quia^ie is ^ an An Effect 
^ emblematicaU History of, and a just Satyr upon, the Duke 

* de Medina Sidonia ; a Person very remarkable at that Time 
^ in Spain.*^ Walter Savage Landor reveals the hero as 
Charles the Fifth, and enregisters the book as ^the most 

* dexterous attack ever made against the worship of the 
^ Virgin ^ : inasmuch as ^ Dulcinea was the peerless, the im- 
^ maculate; and death was denounced against all who hesitated 
to admit the assertion of her perfections.*^ And Rawdon 
Lubbock Brown (1803-8S), outstripping his forerunners, dis- 
covers Pedro Franqueza as Sancho Panza, and demonstrates, 

• • • 

XXUl 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

NTRO- with pain and labour, that Don Quixote is little better than 
JCTION a roman i clef} Of madness there are two kinds: Don 
Quixote^ which is sublime ; and his commentators^ which 
is ridiculous. So runs the new; but the old is better. 
The bald truth is that the publication of Don Quixote was 
the decisive triumph in the long campaign waged against 
the novel of Knight-Errantry. Mystics, theologians, and 
philosophers had essayed their ineffectual exorcisms, as Luis 
de Granada in the Sfmbolo de la Fe^ Melchor Cano in his 
treatise De locis theohgicis, and Vives in the De corruptis 
i Knight- disdplinis. In his maturer years Hurtado de Mendoza still 
^j.^ read with infinite gusto the chronicle of the haps of Amadis ; 

and the sober Juan de Valdes bewailed a youth misspent 
upon Hhese lies^ — ^Estas mentirds^ en lets etudes tomaba tanto 
eabor que me comia lets manos tras eUas.'' The Ingenious 
Gentleman of La Mancha was not alone in those delightful 
studies wherewithal ' he drycd up his braines in such sort as 
he lost wholly his judgement/ Multitudes joined the Host 

^ Rawdon Brown supplies the key in his copy of Dan Quixatet now m the 
British Museum. In the matter of completeness it leaves nothing to desire : — 

Don Quixote, . . The Duke of Lerma. 

Duldnea, . The Marchioness de Valle. 

Sancko PoMMa, Pedro Franqueza, Coimt of Villalonga. 

TAe Housekeeper, . The Dowager Countess of Lemos^ sister of Lerma. 

Don Quixotes Niece, The Countess of Niebla (or, perhaps, the Countess 

of Lemos), daughter of Lerma. 
The Curate, . . Don Bernardo de Sandoval, Archbishop of Toledo, 

uncle of Lerma. 
SansSn Carrasco, . Rodrigo Calder6n. 
Gin^s de Pasamonte, Pedro de Toledo. 
ne three ass^coHs^ . The three princes of Savoy : Philip, Victor Ama- 

deus, and Emmanuel Philibert. 
DappU (El Rude), . The Secretary Andr^ de Prada. 
Don Fernando^ . The Duke of Osuna. 

xxiv 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in giving Hwo figs for the Great Captain,'* pinning their INTRO- 
credit by preference to Bernardo de Vargas'' Cirongilio de DUCTION 
Tracia and to Melchor Ortega^s Felixmarte de Hircama 
(this last, as Percy tells, once the summer pastime of Samuel 
Johnson). Among the devotees was numbered our Seraphic 
Mother Saint Teresa, an insatiable young reader of such Saint Teresa 
fopperies, and — ^to trust a most credible bruit — herself a 
dabbler in the art of writing them. An extremer case is 
that of the Portuguese poet, Simon de Silveira, who pledged 
his oath upon the Grospels that he held every word in AmadCs A Devotee 
de Gaula for authentic history. Legislation was invoked to ^° ^ 
stay the plague. Charles the Fifth, himself a fierce admirer 
of Don Belianis de Grecian forbade the introduction, sale, or 
printing of such books in the Indies ; and the Cortes peti- 
tioned that the law be extended to the Peninsula, and that 
all existing copies be scandalously burned. From Knight- 
Errantry proper the delirium spread to religion; and the 
Valencian Hieronym Sempere reached the nadir with a 
chivalresque redaction of the New Testament, accomplished 
in the worst manner of Florisel de Niquea. Of this monster, 
sufiice it to note that Sempere represents Christ as the The Cowled 
Knight of the Lion contending with Satan, the Knight of 
the Serpent ; and that the Apostles take rank as the Twelve 
Paladins of the Table Round. Where invective, statutes, and 
pious diversions had proved of none avail, where Ariosto^s 
courtly banter had failed, the pungent, serious humour of 
Cervantes conquered at a blow. After the appearance of 
Don Quixote^ no new Knight-Errantry was issued; and, with 
the single exception of the CabaHero del Febo, the former 
favourites remained without the honours of a reprint. In 
d xxv 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- the theatre the old tradition lingered a while, as is shown 
►UCTION by Lope de Vega's Marquis de Mantua and by Montalban's 

Palmerfn de Oliva ; and among the rabble the taste endured. 

But the influence had perished, and the stories which Vald^ 
nt Amadis had read in palaces and courts^ — ^ en paJacios y cortes ** — 

found their last refuge among the chapbooks of the pedlar's 

pack. 

IV 

16 Novelist Himself a model Knight-Errant, Cervantes ridicules the 

inferior epics ; but AmadCs de Gatda remains ^ the very best 

contrived booke of all those of that kinde,' and the satirist's 

reverence is complete for the chivalrous ideals of devotion 

and loyalty and valour. Yet among his own people there 

have not lacked dolts to taunt him with compassing, like 

a second Roderick, his country's ruin ; and sunong these a 

bad pre-eminence belongs to Juan Marujdn, who, in the 

Marqu^ de Valmar's Historia criticaf exposes himself in 

this guise : — 

' Aplaudio Espana la obra 
No advirtiendo^ inadvertidos^ 
Que era del honor de Espana 
Su autor^ verdugo y cuchillo.' 

But Cervantes, whether or not he ^ smiled Spain's chivalry 
away,' survives withal, the greatest of Spaniards and the 
first of romancers. Like his contemporary ShcJcespeare, 
like Dickens and Balzac, Cervantes was strongly drawn by 
the workings of the abnormal human mind. Their fascina- 
tion for him was unceasing : in El Licenciado Vidrieraj in El 
Cohquio de los Perros, in El Celoso ExtremefiOj in episodic 
touches innumerable, he reverts with unfaltering interest to 
xxvi 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the theme of madness. With his exact, intuitive insight, he INTRO- 
was a psychologist without theories, and without (one may AUCTION 
say) knowing it. Hamlet and Don Quixote are something 
more than mere contemporaries in point of time : they are 
brethren insane with a difference, twin examples developed 
with a rigorous, natural logic. If Hamlet be the tragedy of Hamia and 
thought, Don Quixote is the tragi-comedy of action. Where 
the one dreamer doubts of the real, the other believes with- 
out reserve in the visionary. The one is timorous, but half- 
convinced of the verity of the Ghost that he has seen ; the 
other remains uncowed by the open enmity of the enchanter 
Friston, and knows the invisible wizard Esquife for a buckler 
and a friend. In pursuit of truth Hamlet suspects himself 
of self-deception ; for Don Quixote phantoms vain are the 
sole realities. And the Knight appeals with confidence to 
experience, to reason, to precise texts. He quaffs the pre- Logic in the 
dous Balsamum of Fierebras, compounded of magic simples, Dimension 
consecrated by ^eighty Pater-nosters and as many Aves, 
Salves and Creedes ^ : — and behold, the cure is absolute ! 
A like draught throws Sancho Panza into ^ such excessive 
^ swoonings, as not only himselfe, but likewise all the be- 
^ holders, did verily deeme, that his life was ending.** To 
find out the cause of this effect is easy, inasmuch as Sancho 
was not dubbed Knight: — ^for I perswade my selfe, that 
this liquor cannot helpe any one that is not.** So rigidly is 
proof enforced, and evidence considered, in that most rational 
of all rational worlds ! 

But the popularity of Don Quixote is not at aU to be 
explained solely by its wealth of drollery : the book includes 
a gallery of portraits, the most of them triumphs, sketched 

xxvii 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

NTRO- by a great craftsmaiu Consider the case of Sancho Panza, 

JCTION when * ever anone he lifted up his bottle with such pleasure, 
^ as the best fed Tapster of Malaga might envy his state/ 

uracter Was ever attitude suggested with greater ease, amplitude, 
and vigour ? With equal artistry are given the semblances 
t)f Pero P^rez, that learned priest, at once the ornament of 
Sigiienza, the best of gossips and the busiest of meddlers : 
of Master Nicholas the Barber, expert in romances and 
champion of the Knight of the Sun : of the Housekeeper, 
hasting ^ with a holy-water pot and a sprinckler in her 
hand,^ to see justice done upon her ancient enemies — ^ a hun- 
dred great volumes, and those verie well bound ^ — which had 
destroyed the most delicate understanding of all La Mancha. 
And the minor characters are wellnigh as successful as they 
are numerous. In portraiture Cervantes is ever at his best, 

istmction and the odder his type the more masterly the execution and 
the detail. The weakness of his book lies otherwhere. As 
in every other example of the romcm d'aventure^ the con- 
struction is, of necessity, loose, the proportion unsjrm- 
metrical, the incident a farrago of hazard and whim. 
Written by fits and starts, in snatches stolen from less 
congenial work, it has too often an effect of patchiness : 
over-elaboration and insu£Sciency of outline are flaunted 
side by side. The supplementary stories, not all triumphs 
in themselves, are worked in at random, with no special 
relevancy: in part because, being already written, they 
must be used, and partly also, as their author confides, 
as a relief from concentrating interest upon the two 
central figures. Chronology, method, accuracy, were no 
hobgoblins to Cervantes. Careless of the sacred academic 
xxviii 



^lamaOm^^^^H 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

unities, he is rightly concerned with the sole unity of INTRO- 
importance : unity of conception, of character, and of DUCTION 
thought. Something, no doubt, of the first savour has 
passed with the course of time. Readers no longer recog- The Touch 
nise at sight the force of every allusion ; and not one in ^ ™^ 
twenty cares to remember that the blanketing of Sancho 
is borrowed, and bettered, from Guzmin de Alfhrache. The 
sly hits at Lope de Vega — ^in the Prologue, in the Verses of 
Urganda, in the Twenty-first Chapter of the Fourth Book — 
no longer thrill as when that Phoenix flourished; and in- 
numerable side-thrusts which tickled contemporary fancy 
are become so many riddles. But as a picture of life and Sam Total 
manners, unalterably replenished with humour, fancy, and 
contrivance, Don Quixote remains immortal. A visible land- 
mark, it stands at the parting of the ways. In some sort 
the last representative of mediaeval romance, it ushers in the 
new dynasty, being itself the earliest and most illustrious of 
modern masterpieces. like the prophet Aaron, Cervantes 
^ stood between the dead and the living : and the plague 
* was stayed/ 



The fame of the new portent soon passed the Pjrrenees, The 
and a fragment was reproduced at Paris. There, in 1608, **" 

the story of the Curioso ImperUnente was reprinted in the 
original Spanish by C^r Oudin at the end of Julio liiiguez 
de Medrano^s SUva Curiosa, Before the close of the year 
the tale was given in French by Jean Baudouin : an exceed- 
ingly rare version, of which a copy exists in the Munich 
Library. In 1609 another episode was anonymously 

xxix 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- trangformed under the title of le Meurtre de la FidSiti 
DUCTION et la Difense de THmneur, oit est raconiie la tri^ et pitoy^ 
avanture du berger Philidon et les raieone de la belle et chaste 
MarcelUj accueie de sa mortj en eepagnol et en Jranfois. 
Thomas Thomas Shelton had in view a larger scheme, and to him 

Shdton belongs the glory of rendering the book entire. His forth- 

coming effect is duly foreshadowed in the Register of 
the Stationers^ Company. ^19no Januarij 1611. Edward 
^ Blounte, William Barret Entred for their Copy under the 
' andes of master Edward Abbot and Th** wardens, a book 
^ called, The delightfull history of the wittie knight Don 
^ Quishote v)^.^ But it imports to remark that our English 
version dates back earlier than this entry would imply. In 
his preface Shelton records it that he ^ Translated some five 
* or six yeares agoe. The Historie of DonrQuiax>te^ out of the 
^ Spanish tongue, into the English "*; and he further recites 
that he completed his emprize ^ in the space of forty daies : 
^ being therunto more then half enfoiced, through the im- 
' portunitie of a very dee« friend, that was desuous to under- 
^ stand the subject.^ From this avowal it follows that Shelton 
set to his work about the year 1607, a twelvemonth earlier 
than the date of Baudouin^s French version of the Curioso 
Impertmentej and two years before the publication of the 
Baudouinand Parisian rendering of the episode of Marcela. It can be 

proved that Oudin^s French translation, which follows 
Shelton at an interval of two years, is based upon the 
Madrid Text of 1608 : an Edition thought by some (for 
reasons hitherto unrevealed) to have been corrected by 
Cervantes himself. However that be, it becomes of interest 
to determine the text followed by Shelton; and the date 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

1607 at once suggests the idea that he may have used the INTRO- 

Brussels Reprint of that year. And so, in effect, it was. AUCTION 

Shelton proffers in his margins such references as these : — 

*Btucando pan de TnutrigOj p. 47^; ^ Arcadvz de Noria^ 

p. 76 ^ ; ^ Forque la boca de la bozina est& encima de la cabe^j 

p. 168 ^ ; ^ F que todo lo armasca. p. 17S.'' These shoulder- Shelton's 

notes clearly indicate the pagination of the phrases as they 

occurred in Shelton^s original. And it is worthy of remark 

that the words quoted are to be found on pp. 47, 76, 168, 

and 17S of the Brussels Edition of 1607; while in all Brussels, 

lf?07 

other Editions accessible to Shelton — those issued at Madrid, 
Lisbon, and Valencia in 1605, and that one printed at Milan 
dated 1610 — ^the passages are imprinted on pages quite 
differently numbered. This witness is, in Shelton^s phrase, 

* significative ^ ; but testimony more decisive remains. In 
the famous Ninth Chapter of the Third Book, where Sancho 
Panza is despoiled of his ass, the Editor of the Brussels text 
introduced an emendation of his own wit to remedy a flaw 
in the Editio Princeps. Thus, where the first version reads, 

* iba tras su amOj sentado a la mujeriega sobre su jumento '* : — 
the Brussels Editor substitutes : — ^ iba tras su amoy scuumdo 

* de qtumdo en qttando de un costal que Rozinante Uevaba sobre 
^ si porjalta del asno. '* Shelton renders the passage — a crucial 
one — with unflinching severity after the Brussels model : — 
^ And so hee followed his Lord, taking now and then out of 
a basket (which Rozinante carried for want of the Asse . . .).'* 
A few lines later the Brussels Editor interpolates a fresh 
variant : — ^ Fue necessario que Sancho hs alfassen,'* And once 
more Shelton maintains exactitude by setting forth that 
^ Sanchoes assistance was requisite to take them up.^ In all 

xxxi 



Charles 
Jervas 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- there are not less than seven variants peculiar to the Brussels 
DUCTION Reprint, and, in the case of each, Shelton observes the 
Brussels reading. Inasmuch as these seven emendations are 
unknown elsewhere, the basis of Shelton'^s version is, it may 
be asserted, inefingably proved. A mysterious dispensation 
has decreed that Cervantists, as a race, should be mostly 
unmannerly and irrational ; and their most amiable weak- 
ness is to belittle their predecessors. Nor has Shelton 
escaped the general fate. Charles Jervas, himself the author 
of an excellent translation of Don Qtiiacote^ takes occasion to 
observe, concerning other versions, that ^ the first by Shelton 
^ has hitherto passed as translated from the original, though 
^ many passages in it manifestly shew it to have been taken 
^ from the Italian of Lorenzo Franciosini.'* And Jervas, 
writing at his ease in the Eighteenth Century, goes on to 
cite two instances in support of his thesis. The contention 
is overthrown by a simple comparison of dates. I?mgegno90 
CUtadino Don Chisciotte detta Mcmciaj as rendered by Lorenzo 
Franciosini, was published at Venice in 16SS, twelve years 
after the Milanese Reprint of the original. And a most 
admirable piece of work it is : worthy at all points of the 
praises lavished on it, and equal to the vaunt upon the 
title-page : — ' Tradotto cotijedeltd, e chiarezza.^ But, since 
Shelton anticipated the Italian by ten years, the theft (if 
any) would be on Franciosini'^s side. The plain fact is that 
Franciosini, like Shelton, used the Brussels Text: it may be in 
the 1611 Reprint. A like unfounded charge against Shelton's 
method is based upon his Englishing of a passage in the 
Prologue. Cervantes^ friend, ^ a very discreet and pleasantly 
witted man,"* is reported as saying: — ^Yo 08 vote d tal de 



Lorenzo 
Franciosini 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ ttenaros los margenes y de gastar cuatro pliegos en el fin del INTRO- 
* Ztiro.' In Shelton^s version the words are rendered thus : — * I AUCTION 
' doe promise thee that I will both fill up the margent, and 
^ also spend foure or five sheetes of advantage at the end of 
^ the Booke/ It is argued that ^ of advantage "* is not only An Accusa- 
a meaningless phrase, but that, as it evidently is a servile ^^ 
rendering of davantage^ Shelton must have translated 
directly from the French. Since Shelton was in the field 
two years before C^sar Oudin, the first of the French trans- 
lators of Don Quixote^ the argument has to be eked out 
otherwise. Upon this slender basis — ^the existence of the 
two words ^of advantage^ in one isolated passage — it is 
seriously contended that Shelton translated from a lost 
French manuscript version. If the conclusion be at once 
gratuitous and generous, the premises are small indeed. 
For the idlest theorist might have been expected to know 
that the expression ^of advantage ** (in the sense of ^more**) 
is found in Othello : even though he were ignorant of the Repelled 
fact that a chain of examples of this idiom is established, 
running back to the Ayenbite qf Inwyt written by Dan 
Michel, brother of the Cloister of Saint Austin of Canter- 
bury Mh the yeare of our Ihordes beringe 1840.' On a 
review of the available evidence, only one conclusion is 
possible : that Shelton translated directly from the Spanish 
Edition published at Brussels in 1607. Any other inference 
is, not only illegitimate but, manifestly absurd. 

His version is addressed by his ^ Honours most affec- The Patron 
tionate Servitor ** to ^the Right Honourable, his verie good 
Lord, the Lord of Walden ' : in other words, to Theophilus, 
Lord Howard of Walden, eldest son and heir of the Earl 

e xxxiii 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- of Suffolk and, about the time of the rendering of the 
DUCTION English Don QuixoiCf Grovemor of Jersey and Castle Cornet. 
So much as regards the patron. Concerning the translator 
no detail is to be gathered. It does not appear that Shelton 
was at either University or that he belonged to any of the 
Inns of Court. No biographical dictionary includes his 
name ; and the accustomed oracles are likewise dumb. For 
posterity Thomas Shelton remains the first translator of 
A Great Don Quixote: a proud distinction, which must suffice. Other 

^^^ writers of the same name exist to baffle the searcher ; but 
their date makes it hard to believe that, in any case, their 
career of authorship began as early as 1607. It may be a mere 
coincidence that, in 1650, Thomas Shelton, author of Divine 
Drops distiUedJrom the Holy Scriptures by that worthy Gospel 
Preacher Gualter Cradockj should write in his Preface to the 
Reader : ^ I have not (nor ever did in any mans works) taken 
^ the boldnesse to adde one piece of a sentence or to diminish 
^ ought.' Just so, in Shelton^s version, the writer requests 
the Moor to translate from the Arabic ^ without adding or 
taking away any thing from them.** There is nothing 
impossible in the supposition that a writer'^s period of 
production should extend over forty-three years; but such 
cases are sufficiently rare to give one pause in concluding 
that Don Quixote and Divine Drops fell from the same fount. 
On the other side, there is absolutely no evidence to support 
a recent theory : that ^ Thomas Shelton ^ is a pseudonym. 

VI 

It remains to take account of the excellences and demerits 
of Shelton'^s achievement. His task once accomplished, the 
xxxiv 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

translator's interest in it waned. His declaration is that INTRO- 

* after I had given him once a view thereof, I cast it aside, AUCTION 
^ where it lay long time neglected in a comer, and so little 

* regarded by me as I never once set hand to review or 

^ correct the same**; then later, ^at the intreatie of others my The Apology 

^ friends, I was content to let it come to light, condition- 

^ ally, that some one or other would peruse and amend the 

' errours escaped ; my many affaires hindering mee from 

^ undergoing that labour.' An examination of the text 

fully bears out Shelton's statement. His limitations are 

apparent enough; his anxious haste and fine nonchalance 

are visible in page on page. His colloquial knowledge of 

Spanish urges him to a close adherence to the letter, and 

the first found word too often contents him, if in sound or 

semblance it approaches the Castilian. 

For Shelton ^a trance' suits the needs of trance far better 
than the more obvious ^ emergency ' which the context de- 
mands. Confronted with the words ^ todos los trances de la The Tnvesty 
guerra^ the translator airily transcribes ^ all the trances of 
warfare.' Face to face with ^ este tan impensado trance^ he 
shows impenitence by setting down ' this unexpected trance.' 
And as ^trance' stands for ^trance^ so do ^successes' im- 
personate * sucesos,^ Where Cervantes writes ^ todos los sucesos 
gue habia vtsto^ Shelton hits upon * all the successes of the 
thing she had seen.' The aspect of ^ tcdante ' resembles 
^ talent' nearly enough to justify a blindness to the difference 
between a mood and a talent. Hence a rigid adhesion to 
the system produces ^ in a bad fashion and worse talent ' for 
^ mala traza y peor tcdante.'* A more diverting example of 
the results of this impetuous fidelity occurs in the scene 

XXXV 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- with the galley-slaves. One of the guards says to Don 
DUCTION Quixote, * a este pecador le dieron tormento y confeso su delito ' ; 
the unmistakable meaning of which simple passage is that 
^ they tortured this sinner and he confessed his crime.'* 
The likeness between * delight^ and ^ delito'^ is of exquisite 
suggestion, and forthwith a frolic humour impels Shelton 
to record that ^he confessed his delight."* He reads of 
^ la reina convertida en una dama particular Uamada Doroteaj 
^ con otros sucesos'*; and with invincible gaiety he manifests 
you ^ the Queen transformed into a particular lady called 
Dorotea, with other successes.^ The same tendency to 
the servile-exact is displayed in his treatment of the every- 
day verb desmayarse ( = to faint or swoon). He detects 
Cfiurdenio denouncing ^ el mydable de la desmojyada traidora^ 
and straightway transfixes Luscinda as ^the mutable and 
dismaied traytresse."* A fresh temptation recurs in the 
expressions ^voz desmayada'* and ^persona enferma y des- 
The Travesty mayada ^ ; and here again our Shelton unflinchingly main- 
tains his repute with a 'dismaied voice ** and a 'sicke and 
dismayed person."* Moved by the same honourable intent, 
he does justice to ^prosiguiS en sus maldiciones'* by a 
declaration that ' he prosecuted his maledictions ** ; and 
his persistent loyalty hinders him from perverting ' todos 
eran stispensos ** into any form less literal than ' all were sus- 
pended.'* Now and then he lends the right heroi-farcical 
touch. Thus when Cervantes describes the feigned fury of 
Camila, Shelton appreciates the opportunity of a lifetime 
and matches the occasion by picturing how ' shee praunced 
' up and downe the roome with the poyniard naked in her 
' hand, with such long and unmeasurable strides, and making 
xxxvi 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ withal such gestures, as she rather seemed defective of INTRQ- 
* wit, and a desperate ruffian, then a delicate woman/ An AUCTION 
inimitable attachment to the letter (or to a part of it) 
will lead this incorruptible interpreter to tamper with 
statistics, but not to juggle with figures. He beholds ^ tres 
axwmbrea^ a measure of some six quarts : but, since ^ ires "* The Travesty 
is unquestionably Hhree,'* Shelton upholds the numeral, 
and generously doubles the quantity into ^ three gallons.' 
The passion for literality spurs him to invention : wherefore 
^irremediables'^ becomes ^ irremedilesse,^ and ^ aUisonante'' 
grows nobler as ^ altisonant.^ Concerning this last con- 
trivance, it irks to learn that Sidney anticipated it, but 
Milton ignored. 

But at call, despite his crazy prepossession, Shelton can 
turn about and treat the Spanish with a gallant contumely Humours 
of his own. To a silk vendor walking the Alcand of 
Toledo ^a certaine boy by chance would have sold divers 
old quires and scrowles of bookes."* The silk vendor hides 
behind a mask no denser than ^sedero''; but, either the 
word sedero is banished from the Sheltonian vocabulary, 
or the connexion is deemed base, and lo ! the silk vendor 
ruffles it as ^ a Squire."* That * tafUndo ** is a term applied to 
stringed instruments was doubtless within Shelton^s know- 
ledge; but he has gone through the pastoral school, and 
observes the convention by the insertion of ^ piping,' where- 
unto follows the ^singing of Roundelayes, and playing on 
a Croud.** Doubtless, in some cases, an apparent blunder is 
but the slip of a man in a hurry. The ^pastor sardo'' who 
passes as a ^Sardinicall Poet,' had surely taken another 
guise in the course of that revision, the lack of which, as 

xxxvii 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

*R0- recorded in the Letter Dedicatory, ^ did at the first some- 
riON what disgust mee.^ In other instances, Shelton had pleaded 
Johnson^s excuse of pure ignorance. There might be' a 
doubt as to whether the ^ esparragwra^ on the shield of 
Espartafilardo of the Wood connotes one asparagus plant 
or more ; but Shelton boggles not at petty subtleties, and 
bids you mark that the redoubtable fighter had ^ for his device 
a Harrow.^ ^ Aquel pastor de marraSj Ambrosio ^ Q that shep- 
herd of the other day, Ambrosio ^) has puzzled more than 
one subsequent translator, not to speak of commentators 
sundered from Covarrubias and other builders of lexicons ; 
and for Shelton the difficulty was greater, inasmuch as the 
Brussels Edition, maintaining a misprint in the PrincepSy 
delivers the passage as ^ aquel fMsior de MariaSj Ambrosio.'' 
Shelton resolves the crux at sight, and, conferring an 
additional name upon the man, despatches him in a 
twinkling as a writer in the pastoral kind known to fame 
as ^Marias Ambrosio his Sheepheard/ The Host Juan 
Palomeque bore the epithet of el zurdoj as who should say 
Hhe left-handed \ but ^zurdo'* and sordo are ranked as 
sjmonyms, and the Innkeeper takes place as ^ Palomeque 
the deafe.^ The like valour in facing an obstacle incited 
Shelton to transform the clause, ^ Porque la boca de la boxina 
estd endma de la cabe^ into ^ For the mouth of the fish 
is over the head/ The true meaning is that ^ the mouth 
of the Horn is overhead'*; but Shelton recks not of the 
Little Bear and accepts ^ bodna ^ as a legitimate variant of 
peace or piscma. Downright errors are presented, but in 
less profusion than might be conceived. A notable instance 
occurs in Don Quixote^s letter to Dulcined where ^ el Ua^ado 
»xvui 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

de Uu teku del corazon'* — ^the pierced-to-the-hearfs core — INTRO- 
is construed *the hurt by the Daiti of thy heart; A stUl DUCTION 
finer example of fallibility is offered in the First Chapter 
of the book. ^ Duelos y qtiebrmUos los sdbadoSy writes Cer- 
vantes, thereby baiting a dangerous trap for all to follow 
him. Shelton was the first to attempt the solution, and it 
interests to compare his results with those of his contem- 
poraries, all working in the dark before M. Morel Fatio^s 
time.^ Oudin renders the words by ' des oeufa et du lard les Dueloe y 
Samedis ' ; in Franciosini they appear as * il sdbbato firittate ^ " 
ragnose,'' The earliest Dictionary of the Spanish Academy 
limits the use of the expression to La Mancha, and warrants 
it to mean an omelette of brains. Pellicer — raro inverUor, 
like the Master, but in devious ways— contrives the fable 
that the Manchegan herdsmen brought to the farmers the 
week''s * braxies,^ that the broken bones {qtiebrarUados) were 
salted, and that the loss of the beasts caused grief (duehs) 
to the owners. The Pellicerian legend is obviously ridiculous, 
and the phrase is nothing more, as M. Morel Fatio demon- Morel Fatio 
strates, than a common binary form (akin to bubble-and- 
squeak) applied to the grosura or ofial — the head, trotters, 
tail, and tripe — which Spaniards were allowed to eat on 
Saturdays. Shelton, however, lived in the dark ages ; and, 
passing by the inevitable * braxy,** he jots down ^ griefes 
and complaints the Saturdays,*" without concern as to the 
meaning and, indubitably, without a notion that he was 
face to face with a conundrum. So also he takes * noria ^ 

^ £tudis Romanei didUts ^ Gasion Paris . . . par sis iUvts fran^ais et 
its iUvts Hrangers des pays de langue fran^aise (Paiisy 1 891). Pp. 407- 
418. 

xxxix 



Ellmposible 
Venekh 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- (ssa water-wheel) for a town. In no single instance does he 
DUCTION consult John Minsheu'^s Dktionarie in Spanish and English 
(1599), * enlarged and amplified with many thousand words ^ 
from Richard Percivale; nor had Minsheu helped him to 
grapple with duelos y qtiebranhs or with noria. But the 
translator spurns the lexicographer and advances dauntless 
in his own wild way. 

It is undeniable that in the resolution of a chance pro- 
blem like ^el sastre del CanHUo^ Shelton courts disaster 
with 'the Taylour that dwells in a comer "*; but in sum 
Sancho^s hurricane of proverbs is reported with enviable 
exactitude. ^ Plegue & Dios qtie orfgano sea"* might 
daunt any translator who knew not that origano was 
wild marjoram; and here had Minsheu aided, with his 
report of 'an herbe called Origanie, or wild Marierom.'* 
But, pedantry apart, the suggestion remains in the fer- 
vent utterance: — 'I pray God, that it be a purchase of 
gold.^ In the search for the impeccable phrase, Shelton 
will find himself smitten with a pious scruple : and here, 
veiling his face before ^ Dios poderosOj he will invoke 
' Almighty Jove.^ When the whim takes him he will omit 
a line or two entire. In the colloquy following upon the 
downfall of the Biscayan, there is mention of the cheapness 
of Fierebras his balsam. Hereon Sancho pointedly inquires 
why his Lord delays teaching him to make it : — ' Pecador de 
' mf, replic6 SanchOj ipues & qui aguarda vuestra merced & 
' haceUe y & enseHdrmek f '* To Shelton'^s judgment the ques- 
tion is impertinent, and is instantly suppressed. Among 
such changes are certain positive improvements. The idea 
of a long-legged Sancho is nothing short of revolting, and 
xl 



Whimsies 



I 



V 

\ 



\ 

HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

(if it be not a burlesque transcription of the woodcuts in the INTRO- 
books of chivalry) the original phrase, * kis zancas largasj is DUCTION 
unhappy ; but Shelton^s dramatic sense comes to the rescue, 
and appropriately endows the flower of Esquires with ' thick 
legges.^ Dorotea announces that Don Quixote^s renown has 
spread abroad * not only in Spayne, but also in "* La Mancha ; 
the admirable Shelton scents danger of an anti-climax and 
La Mancha finds itself displaced by ^Ethiopia. Nor do 
his embellishments pause here. Cervantes may choose to 
write of Amadis, of Felixmarte of Hircania, and of Tirant 
lo Blanch, as commemorated by Mossen loanot Martorell 
and his assistant ^lo magnifich caviller Mossen Johan de 
GraHa"* ; but the name of Don Belianis de Grecia quite van- 
quishes Shelton'^s patience, and, in a fine burst of patriot- 
ism, he strikes a blow for England with the splendid 
interpolation of * Sir Bevis of Hampton, Sir Guy of War- 

* wicke. Sir Eglemore, with divers others of that nation and 

* age.** Where Cervantes dallies with sentiment, his English 
interpreter follows him, overtakes and matches him in orna- 
mentation of the culto taste. * La lastirtiada Dorotea "* shines 

as ' the sweetly grieved Dorotea "* ; and even the matter-of- Euphuisms 
fact Castilian ^ puso LiLsdnda en Cardenio los ojos"* is meta- 
morphosed into ' Luscinda first severing her eyelids, beheld 
Cardenio.'' Nay, the translator will create the opportunity, 
if it do not exist. So is it where Cervantes briefly states 
that Dorotea * sighed deeply and, breaking silence, spoke."* 

* Dando eUa un prqfimdo siispiro^ rompi6 el silencio y dijo ' 
is a clause as simple as was ever writ ; but Shelton recalls 
Marcela^s vapourings, perceives that here his author falls 
below the irreducible level of altisonance, and transfigures 

/ xli 



I 

r 

t 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- all to purple and yermilion in his imaging of how the 
DUCTION heroine was wooed * at last to make a breach on her tedious 
^ silence, and with a profound sigh, blow open her curall 
'gates.' 

vn 

Achievement Shelton'^s title to remembrance is based upon the 

broadest grounds. He had no sympathy for the arid 
accuracy that juggles with a gerund or toys with the 
crabbed subjunctive. From the subtleties of syntax, as 
from the bonds of prosody, he sallies free; and the owls 
of pedantry have bitterly resented his arrogant disdain for 
them and theirs. And they have sought to avenge them- 
selves, after their manner, by reproaching him with taking 
a disjunctive for an interjection, and with the confounding 
of predicate and subject. They act after their kind. But 
Shelton'^s view of his function was ampler and nobler than 
the hidebound grammarian's. He appeals to the pure lover 

SheltonaMan of literature; and as a man of letters he survives. He 

brought to the execution of his enterprise an endowment 
and a temperament such as no later rival could pretend to 
boast. And his circumstances favoured him. He not only 
had the happy fortune to discover and appreciate an in- 
comparable book : he was admirably fitted to comprehend 

His QualitieB its spirit and to difiPuse its interpretation. He lived in the 

very age of Cervantes ; he had himself suffered from the 
malady of Enight-Errantry ; he looked with the eye of a 
contemporary ; he owned an alert intelligence, a perfect 
sympathy for his author's theme, and a vocabulary of ex* 
ceeding wealth and rarity. Moreover, and above all things, 
xlii 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

he was an Elizabethan, a contemporary of Shakespeare^s, INTRO- 
nurtured on the marrow of lions, and blessed with the dear DICTION 
accent of that spacious age. His language is ever fitted to 
the incident, whether he be concerned with the Rhodian 
bombast of the heroic madman or with the homely wisdom 
and shrewd sententiousness of Sancho Panza. He is always 
at his ease and, in the most trying case, he remains natural, 
unspotted from affectation. From later versions, however 
superior in mere scholarship, there is never absent a sense of 
strain and effort. Safe from the pitfalls of anachronism and 
the possibilities of Wardour-Street English, Shelton des- His English 
patches his phrase with address and vigour ; the atmosphere 
of the book is his own, and his perspective is naturally just. 
It were too much to say that so had Cervantes written in 
English ; but equity demands the admission that his manner 
is more nearly attained by Shelton than by any successor. 
This first translator is never lacking in a shrewd equivalent 
for an idiomatic phrase. ^ En lo de la vcUentCa no le iba 
en zagttj asserts Cervantes of Don Galaor; and Shelton 
responds with : — * In matters of valour, he did not bate him 
an ace.^ Again, for ^despuntas de agudo'^ his pregnant 
reading is ^thy frumps nippe.'* In reproducing the rodo- 
montade in praise of Dulcinea he is successful as her im- 
passioned lover : — * There drops not, I say, from her that 

* which thou sayest, but Amber and Civet, among bombase; 
' and she is not blinde of an eye, or crooke-backt, but is 

* straighter then a spindle of Guadarama.^ Of marginal 
illustration he shows the wise economy of a writer who 
knows his readers to be fellows of parts. ^ The title of a 

* Marquesse,^ he informs you, ^ is less then that of an Earle 

xliii 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

RO- ^ in Spaine/ He notes an allusion to one who knew ^abetter 
nON < and more ancient language^ than the Arabic ; and, with 
nimble resource, he annotates * To wit, a lew/ Or, observe 
him on a great occasion, in the famous celebration of ^ the 
happier Age of Grold*^: — ' Happy time, and fortunate ages 
were those, whereon our Ancestors bestowed the title of 
Groulden, not because Gold (so much prized in this our 
jrron age) was gotten in that happy time, without any 
labours, but because those which lived in that time, knew 
not these two words, TTiine and Minej in that holy age 
all things were in common : No man needed for his 
ordinarie sustenance to doe ought else then lift up his 
hand, and take it from the strong Oke, which did liberally 
invite them to gather his sweete and savory fruit. The 
cleare fountaines, and running rivers, did offer them these 
savorie and transparent Waters in magnificent abundance. 
In the clifts of rocks and hollow trees did the carefuU and 
rand ^ discreete bees erect their commonwealth, offering to every 
hand without interest, the fertile croppe of their sweetest 
travailes. The loftie Corke tree did dismisse, of them- 
selves without any other art then that of their native 
liberalitie, their broad and light rindes. Wherewithall 
houses were at first covered, being sustained by rusticall 
stakes, to none other end, but for to keepe backe the 
inclemencies of the Ayre. All then was peace, all amitie, 
and all concord.^ In narrative, as in description, the Eng- 
lishman vies with the Spaniard in dignity, grace, and fleet- 
ness. Hearken to him reviewing the multitudinous hosts 
that march beneath the banners of the Lord of the Silver 
Bridge, of Timonel, Prince of New Biskaye, and other chiefs 
xliv 



H . _ t.^.__.:..^^Maan^«-.^ - .^.^m^h 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

no less dread and invincible: — ^This first squadron eon- INTRO- 
taineth folke of many Nations, in it are those which taste DUCTION 
the sweet waters of famous Xante. The Mountainous 
men that tread the Masilicall fields. Those that doe sift 
the most pure and rare gold of Arabia Foelix. Those that 
possessed the famous and delightfiill bankes of cleare 
Termodonte. Those that let bloud many and sundry The Romance 
waies the golden Pactolus. The Numides unstedfast in ® *™®* 
their promise. The Persians famous for Archers. The 
Parthes and Medes that fight flying. The Arabs, incon- 
stant in their dwellings. The Scithes as cruell as white. 
The iEthiops of boared lips, and other infinite Nations, 
whose faces I know and behold, although I have forgotten 
their denominations. In that other army come those that 
taste the Christaline streames of the Olive-bearing Betis 
. . . Those that recreat themselves in the Elisean fields of 
Xerez. The rich Manchegans crowned with ruddy eares 
of come: Those apparelled with yron, the ancient relikes 
of the Gothish bloud. Those that bathe themselves in 
Pisuerga, renowmed for the smoothnesse of his current. 
Those that feed their flocks in the vast fields of the 
wreathing Guadiana, so celebrated for his hidden course. 
Those that tremble through the cold of the bushy Pirens, 
and the lofty Apenines. Finally, all those that Europe 
in itself containeth.^ Or, again, let Shelton vindicate by 
argument the pomp, the repute, and the benignity of arms 
when Vivaldo holds the calling for ^ one of the most austere 
* professions in the world,^ so that ^even that of the Charter- 
^ house Monkes is not neere so straight^: — ^It may be as 
^ straight as our profession, quoth Don Quixote, but that 

xlv 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- * it should be so necessary for the world, I am within the 
DUCTION < breadth of two fingers to call in doubt. For if wee would 
^ speake a truth, the souldier that puts in execution his Cap- 
^ taines commaund, doth no lesse then the very Captaine 
^ that commaunds him. Hence I inferre, that religious men 
^ doe with all peace and quietnesse seeke of heaven the good 
^ of the earth ; but souldiers and we Knights doe put in 
^ execution that which they demand, defending it with the 
' valour of our armes, and files of our swords : not under 
^ any roofe, but under the wide heavens, made as it were in 
< Summer a marke to the insupportable Sunne-beames and 
^ in winter to the rage of withering frosts. So that wee are 
^ the ministers of God on earth, and the armes wherewith 
His Triumph * he executeth here his justice.^ Cervantes abounds not 

greatly in purple patches ; but, where the Castilian original 
afibrds the occasion, Shelton rarely fails to seize and match 
it. So, with inimitable felicity of phrase and setting, with sus- 
tained sonority and splendour, in passages of uncommon 
ii^jcsty, he continues his deliverance of a classic master- 
pii <J Spain. And comparison with others serves but to 
enhance the merit of his exploit. With all his ungrateful 
contempt for translators and their work, Cervantes himself 
had been the foremost to applaud the breadth and gusto 
of a performance still unrivalled — at least in English — ^for 
simplicity, force, and beauty. 



vra 

Seed of Thus Shelton : thus no competitor. And it rejoices to 

believe that he had his reward in the general acceptance, 
xlvi 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in a vogue that rested, and seems like to rest, permanent. INTRO- 
In a very rare, if not unique, pamphlet by Robert Anton DUCTION 
there is corroborative evidence of the fact. Antonys Morio- 
nuuhia, ^imprinted at London by Simon Stafford, 1618,^ 
closes with a mention of the * little dangerous Combate'* Anton 
between * Don Quishotte and the Barbor, about Mambrinoes 
^ inchaunted Helmet ' ; and the assumption clearly is that 
every reader would grasp the allusion. That T%e Knight of 
the BuTfdng Pestle should derive from Shelton is a thing of Fletcher 
course : and that Dulcinea hit the popular taste appears 
probable from an entry in the Register of the Stationers^ 
Company on May SS, 1615, concerning the intention of John 
White and Thomas Langley to print ^ the ballet of Dulcina 
to the tune of ffbrgoe me nowe, come to me sone.'* More inter- 
esting it were to establish that Shakespeare (who read every 
thing) knew Cervantes through Shelton'^s good offices. Un* Shirley 
luckily the play called Tlie History of Cardemo ^ has perished : 
nor can it be demonstrated that Shakespeare had a hand in 
it, though many wilder assertions are made and believed. Shakespeare 
But a brief statement of the feusts may be permitted. Among 
the Rawlinson Bfss. in the Bodleian Library there exists 
^ The Accompte of the right honorable the Lord Stanhope 
^ of Harrington, Treasurer of his Majesties Chamber, for all 
^ such Somes of money as hath beine receaved and paied 
^ by him within his Office from the feaste of S^ Michaell 
^ Tharchangell, Anno Regni Regis Jacobi decimo, untill the 

* There exisU Tki DoubU Falsehood; or. The Distrest Lovers^ said to be 
'Written originally by W. Shakespeare; And now Revised and Adapted 
to the Stage by Mr. Theobald, the Author of Shakespeare restored,* Based on 
Cudenio's story and published in 1728, the play is thought by Dyce to be the 
work of Shirley. 

xlvii 



lieSUtory 
fOardenio 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO- ^ feaste of S^ Michaell, Anno Regni Regis Jacobi vndecimOf 
3UCTI0N < conteyning one whole yeare ' : to wit the year 1612-13. The 
account includes entries of moneys, disbursed in virtue of a 
Warrant in Council, for the representation of various plays ; 
and of the charges detailed in Lord Stanhope of Harrington'^s 
bill this note is significant : — * Item, paid to John Heminges 

* uppon lyke warrant, dated at Whitehall ix^ die Julij 1613 
^ for himself and the rest of his fellowes his Majesties ser- 
^ vauntes and Players for presentinge a play before the Duke 
' of Savoye^s Embassadour on the viij daye of June, 1613, 

* called Cardenna^ the some of vj" xiij* iiij**/ Whereunto 
succeeds the confirmation : — ^Item paid to John. Heminges 

* vppon the Cowncells warrant dated att Whitehall xx** die 

* Maij 1613, for presentinge before the Princes Highnes the 
^ Lady Elizabeth and the Prince Pallatyne Elector fowerteene 
' severall playes, viz. : one play called ffilaster, one other 

* called the Knott of fooles. One other Much adoe abowte 

* nothinge. The Mayeds Tragedy, The merye dyvell of 
' Edmonton, The Tempest, A Einge and no Einge, The 
' Twins Tragedie, The Winters Tale, Sir John ffalstafle, 

* The Moore of Venice, The Nobleman, Cs^ars Tragedye, 
^ And one other called Love lyes a bleedinge. All which 

* Playes weare played with-in the tyme of this Accompte, 
*viz. : paid the some of iiij" xiij" vj* viij****: — *Item, 

* paid to the said John Heminges vppon the lyke warrant, 

* dated at Whitehall xx^ die Maij 1613 for presentinge sixe 

* severall playes, viz : one playe called a badd beginninge 

* make a good endinge. One other called [the] Capteyne, 
' One other the Alcumist, One other Cardenno^ One other 
^ Hotspur. And one other called Benedicte and Betteris, 

xlviii 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ All played within the tyme of this Accompte viz : paid INTRO- 

* ffortie poundes, and by way of his Majesties rewarde DUCTION 
' twentie powndes, In all Ix^.*" From these exchequer 

tallies it is gathered that The History of Cardenio ranked 
beside Mvch Ado about Nothings The Tempest^ The 
Winier*s Tale^ The Merry Wives of Windsor^ or, mayhap, 
the First Part of Henry the Fourth^ OtheUoy and Julius 
CcBsar. The existence of a play based on Cardenio'^s story 
needs no corroboration; but the books of the Stationers^ 
Company afford a clew as to its authors: — ^September 
' ye 9^ 1668. Mr. Mosely, Entred also for his Copies 

* the several! playes following xx" vj* . . . Tlie History 
' qf Cardenio by Mr. Fletcher and Shakespeare "* . . . The 
evidence is scanty and is not decisive; but, so far as it 
is relevant, it tends to support the stage tradition that 
Shakespeare and Fletcher collaborated in a drama founded 
on an episode in Don Quixote, given in 1613, at the Globe 
Theatre in Blackfriars. In view of the play'^s disappearance, Cervantes 
it is impossible to show the connexion between Shelton and Shelton 
Shakespeare on the one side, and Cervantes and Shakespeare Shakespeare 
on the other : it suffices to say that the tradition offers no 
intrinsic unlikelihood, and such evidence as exists is in its 

fistvour. But the matter is exposed to the puzzle-headed 
ingenuity, not to say the dogmatic assurance, of the theory- 
monger ; and strange results follow. One artist in assertion 
lays it down that the missing play is but the first draft of 
Love*s Pilgrimage taken from Cervantes^ novel, Las dos Don- 
cellos \ and the conclusion runs that 'surely this is the 

* Cardenna — Cardenno — Cardenio — Cardina — Cardena — 

* Cardenas play."* To the theory-monger all things are 

g xlix 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

INTRO* possible ; but a comparison of dates is fatal. That Tlie 
DUCTION History qf Coardenio was acted before the king by His 
Majesty^s Players in 1612-18, and that it was repeated before 
the Savoyard Ambassador on June 8, 1618, is shown by the 
official accounts. Now, Lea dos DanceUas is the ninth in 
order of Cervantes^ Novelas Exemplares, the AprobaciAn of 
which was signed by Alonso Grerdnimo de Salas Barbadillo, 
on August 8, 1618; and the TmOj signed by Hernando 
Anti-Pedant de Vallejo, is dated a day later. The latest theory, then, 

resolves itself in this wise: a dramatic version of La» 
dos DonceUas was current in England at least two months 
before the publication of the original in Spain. As that 
conclusion is irrational, what remains of the theory is 
discredited; and it is justifiable to think that the play 
attributed to Shakespeare and Fletcher came direct from 
Don Quixote. And if it did so come, then it is not rash 
to assume that Shakespeare found the story in Shelton^s 
version. 



The Ediih 
Prijicepa 



IX 

That version is here reprinted for the first time from 
the excessively rare Edition of 1612. Heretofore Editors, 
mistaking the Second Edition for the first, have reproduced 
the changed Reprint of 1620, a book by contrast common. 
If Shakespeare in truth knew Cervantes, he knew him as 
here revealed, the author of what Macaulay pronounced 
to be * certainly the best novel in the world, beyond all 
comparison.^ It may well be that Shelton closed the First 
Part with no great belief in the promise of a Second ; for 
the concluding words, misquoted from the Orlando Furioso^ 

1 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

are as vague as may be: — Fcfrse aUro ccmieri con miff- INTRO- 
Uor plettro. Howbeit, though Shdton suppresses the final DUCTION 
Ariostan line, it cannot be doubted that he did so, in the 
sure and certain hope that, if a continuation should be 
forthcoming, to him might fiedl the honour of Englishing 
it. And so — as we shall see — ^it proved. 

JAMES FTTZMAURICE-KELLY. 



li 



i 



NOTE 

The text of the First PaH 

is reprinted from the 

Editio Princeps of 

1612 




t 



■4-, -.Tl,- -^trt,. 



I 

4 



THE HISTORY OF 



THE VALOROUS AND WITTIE 



KNIGHT-ERRANT 



DON QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 



TRANSLATED 



OUT OF THE SPANISH 



1612 




TO THE RIGHT HONOtTKABLE 
HIS VERIE GOOD LORD 

THE LORD OF WALDEN, ETC. 

dllNE Honourable Lord ; having 
Translated some five or sixe yeares 
agoe. The Historic of Don-Quixote, 
out of the Spanish Tongue, into 
the English, in the space of forty 
daies : being therunto more then halfe enforced, 
through the importunitie of a very deere fnend, 
that was desirous to understand the subject : 
After I had given him once a view thereof, I 
cast it aside, where it lay long time neglected in 
a comer, and so little regarded by me as I never 
once set hand to review or correct the same. 
Since when, at the intreatie of others my friends, 
I was content to let it come to light, condition- 
ally, that some one or other would peruse and 
amend the errours escaped ; my many affaires 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

THE hindering mee from undergoing that labour. Now 
^J^ I understand by the Printer, that the Copie was 
TORY presented to your Honour : which did at the first 
somewhat disgust mee, because as it must passe, I 
feare much, it will prove ferre unworthy, either 
of your Noble view or protection. Yet since it is 
mine, though abortive, I doe humbly intreate, that 
your Honour will lend it a favourable countenance, 
thereby to animate the parent thereof to produce 
in time some worthier subject, in your Honourable 
Name, whose many rare vertues have already 
rendred me so highly devoted to your service, as 
I will some day ^ve very evident tokens of the 
same, and till then I rest. 

Your Honours most affectionate 
servitor, 

THOMAS SHELTON. 




HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



aa 



THE AUTHORS PREFACE TO THE 
READER 

HOU maUt beleeve mee (gentle Reader) 
Tathout noearinff, that I cotdd iciUingly 
desire this hooke {as a child of under- 
Htanding) to be the most beantifvU, gdUanty 
and discreet, that misht possibly bee 
imagined. But I coum not transgresse 
the order (^ Nature, wherein every thing 
iicgets his like : which being to, what could 
my sterile and il-iild mt ingender, but the history of a dry 
tasted, and humorous son,JuUof various thoughts and conceits 
never before imagined nf' any other : much like one who was 
ingendred within some noysome prison, where aU discom- 
modities have taken possession, ajui all dolefidl nayses made 
their habitation? seeing that rest, pleasant places, amenitie 
of the fieldes, the cheerepdnesse of cteere skie, the murmuring 
noyse of the Cristall J^mtainea, and the quiet repose of the 
smril, are great helpes Jbr the most barren Muses to shern 
themselves _fi^itfidl, and to bring forth into the world such 
births as may inrich it with admiration and delight. It of\- 
times befiUs, that ajather Hath a chUd both Ity birth evil- 
Jinxmred and quite devoide of all perfection, and yet the love 
that hee beares him is suck, as it casts a maske over his eies, 
which hinders his discerning of the Jaults and simplicities 
thereof, and makes him rather to deeme them discretions and 
beauty, and so tcls tliem to his ^friends, Jbr wittie Jests and 
conceits. But I {though in shew a Father, yet in truth but 
a stepfather to Don-Qttixote) will not be born away by the 
violent current of the modem custome noiv a daies, and there- 
jbre intreate thee, with the teares almost in mine eies as 
many others are wont to doe, {most dearc Header) to pardon 
and dissemble the ^faults which thou shalt disceme in this my 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

TO THE ifmne : Jar thou art neither his kinsman norjriend^ and thou 
HEADER hast thy soule in thy body^ amd thy free wil therein as 
absolute as the best^ and thou art in thine oame house wherein 
thou art as absolute a Lord, as the King is of his subsidies, 
and thou knowest well the common Proverbe, that ^ under my 
cloake a jig for the King^ all which doth exempt thee, and 
makes theejreejrom all respect and obligation ; and so thou 
maist boldely say of this history whatsoever thou shall think 
good without Jeare either to be controlled for the evil, or re- 
warded for the good that thou shaU speake thereof, 

I would very foine have presented it unto thee pure and 
naked, withoul the ornament of a Preface, or the rabblement 
and Catalogue of the wonted Sonnets, Epigrams, Poems, 
Elegies, etc. which are wont to bee put at the beginning of 
bookes. For I dare say unto thee, that (although it cost me 
some paines to compose it) yet in no respect did it equalize that 
which I took to make this preface which thou dost now reade. 
I tooke qfientimes my pen in my hand to write it, and as q/ten 
set it downe again, as not knowing what I should write, 
and being once in a muse with my paper before me, my pen 
in mine eare, mine elbow on the table, and my ?umd on my 
cheeke, imagining what I might write, there entred a Jriend 
of mine unexpectedly, who was a very discret and pleasantly 
witted man : who seeing me so pensative, demanded of me the 
reason of my musing: and not concealing it foam him, said, 
that I bethought my selfe on my Preface I was to make to 
Don-Quixotes history, which did so much trouble me, as I 
neither meane to make any at all, nor publish the history of 
the acts of so noble a knight. For haw can I chuse (quoth I) 
but bee much confimnded at that which the old legislator (the 
Vulgar) will say, when it sees that q/ier the end of so many 
yeeres (as are spent since I first slept in the bosome of oblivion) 
I come out loaden with my gray haires, and bring with me a 
booke as dry as a kexe, void of invention, barren of good 
Phrase, poore qfconceipts, and altogether empty both of learn- 
ing and eloquence: without quotations on the margents, or 
annotations in the end of the book, wherwith I see other 
books are still adorned, be they never so idle, fobulotis, and 
prophane: so foU of sentences of Aristotle and Plato and the 
6 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

other crew of the Philosophers^ as admires the Readers^ and TO THE 
makes them heleeve that these Authors are very learned and READER 
eloquent. And qfter^ when they cite Plutarch or Cicero^ whai 
can they say^ but that they are the sayings ofS. Thomas or 
other Doctors of the Church : observijig herein so ingenious a 
Methode^ as in one line they xviU paint you an inamoured 
guU^ and in the other will lay you down a little seeming 
devout sermon^ so that it is a great pleasure and delight to 
reade or heare itj all which things must bee wanting in my 
booke^Jbr neither have I any thing to die on the margent^ or 
note in the end, and much lesse doe I know what Authors I 
JbUow, to put them at the beginnhig as the custome is^ by one 
letter of the ABC beginning with Aristotle^ and ending in 
Xenophon^ or in Zoylus or Zeuans. Although the one was a 
RaUerj and the other a Painter. So likewise shall my booke 
want sonnets at the beginning, al least such sonnets, whose 
Authors bee Dukes, Marquesses, Earles, Bishops, Ladies, or 
Jhmous Poets. Although if I would demarul them of two or 
three Artificers of mine acquaintance, I know they would make 
mee some such, as those of the most renowned in Spaine would 
in no wise be able to equaU or compare with them. 

Finally, good sir, afid my very deer friend, (quoth I) I 
do resolve thai Sir Don-Quixote remain intombed among the 
old records of the Mancha, untill heaven ordaine same one to 
adome him with the many graces thai are yet wanting: for I 
finde my selfe wholly unable to remedy them, through mine in- 
stifficiencie and little learning : and also because I am naluraBy 
hizye and unwilling to goe searching for authors to say that, 
which I can say well enough without them. And hence pro- 
ceeded the perpleocity and extasie wherein you found me 
plunged. My friend hearing thai, and striking himselfe on 
the fore head, after a long and loud la;ughter, said : In good 
faithfiend, I have now at last delivered my selfe of a long 
and intricate error wherwith I was possessed aU the time of 
our acquaintance ; for hitherto I accounted thee ever to be dis- 
creet and prudent in all thy actions, but now I see plainly, that 
thou art as farre from that I tooke thee to bee, as Heaven is 
^om the Earth. 

How is it possible, that things of so small moment, and so 

7 



{ 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

TO TH£ eask to bee redressed^ can have force to suspend atid swallow up 
READER so ripe a rent as yours hath seemed to be, and so fitted to break 
up and trample over the greatest difficulties that can be pro- 
pounded. This proceeds not in good sooth from defect of 
zviil^ butjrom superfluitie qfslouth^ and penury of discourse : 
wiU thou see whether that I say bee true or no f Listen then 
attentively a while^ and thou shalt perceive how in the twink- 
ling of an eye^ I wil can/bund aU the difficulties^ and supply 
all the wants which doe suspend^ a/nd affright thee from 
publishing to the Worlds * The History of thy famuyus Don- 
Quixote^ the light and mirrour qfaU Knighthood Errant."* 

Sgy I pray thee quoth I {hearing what hee had said^) afier 
what manner doest thou thinke to replenish the vacuity of my 
feare^ and reduce the Chaos of my confusion to any cleemes 
and light f And he replyed^ The first thing whereat thou 
stopstj of Sonnets^ EpigramSy Eglogues^ etc. {which are want- 
ing Jbr the beginnings and ought to bee written by grave 
and noble persons) may be remedied^ if thou thy selfe unit but 
take a little paine to compasse them^ and thou maist qfier 
name them as thou pleasest^ and father them on Prester John 
of the IfidianSj or the Emperour of Trapisonde, whom I know 
were field to be famous Poets j and suppose they were ftot, but 
that some pedantes and presumptuous feUowes would backbite 
thee J and murmure agamsi this truths thou needst not waigh 
them two strawes for although they could prove it to be an 
untruth^ yet cannot they cut off thy hand for it. 

As touching CitcUions in the margent, and authors out 
of whom thou mayst collect sentences and sayings^ to insert 
in thy history ^ there is nothing else to be done^but to bobbe 
into it some latine sentences j that thou knowest already by rooty 
or mayst get easily with a little labour : as for example^ when 
thou treatest of libertie and thrcddome^ thou mayst cite that^ 
* Non bene pro toto libertas venditur auro ** ; and presently 
quote Horace, or he whosoever els that said it on the margent. 
If thou shouldst speak of the power of death, have presently 
recourse to that, of ^ Pallida mors equo pulsat pede pauperum 
tabemas, Regumque turres.'* If of the instability qfjriends, 
thou hast at hand Cato freely offering his distichon. ^ Donee 
eris Jaelix, multos numerabis amicos, Tempora si foerint 
8 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

nubUaj solus eris.'* IfqfrkheSj ^ qiumttim quisque sua mim- TO THE 

morum servat m arcct, tantum habet et foA^ If of love, READER 

* Hei mihi quod nuUis amor est medicabilis herbisJ* And so 

with these laime authorities and other such like^ they wiU at 

least account thee a good Grammarian^ and the being of such 

a one is of no little honour and prqjUe in this our age. As 

touching the addition of annotations in the end of thy booke 

thou maist boldly observe this course. If thou namest any 

Giant in thy booke procure that it bee the Giani Goliah^ and 

with this (done (which almost will cost thee nothing) thou hcut 

gotten a fair e annotcUionj for thou maiest say^ The Giant 

GoUas or GoUat was a Philistine^ whom the shtpheard Damd 

slew with the blow of a stone in the vale qf Terebinthoy as is 

recounted in the booke qf Kings, in the Chapter wherein thou 

shaUJind it written. 

After all this, to shew thai thou art learned in humuxme 
Utters and a Cosnuographer, take some occasion to make 
mention qf the river Tagus, and thou shall presently finde 
thy selfe stored with an other notable notation, saying the 
river Tagus was so called qf a king qf Spaine, it takes its 
beginning from such a rdace, and dies in the Ocean Seas, 
kissing frst the Walles qf the famous Citie qfLisbome: And 
some are qf opinion, that the sands thereof are qf gold, etc. 
If thou wUt treat qf theeves, I zvUl recite the Historic ofCacus 
to thee, for I know it by memory. Ifqf Whoores or Curte- 
zans, there thou hast the Bishop qf Mondonnedo, who will 
lend thee Lamia, Layda, and Flora, whose annotation will 
gaine thee no small credit. If qf cruell persons, Ovid will 
tender Medea. If qf Inchaunters or Witches, Homer hath 
Calvpso, and Virgil Circe, If of valorous Captaines, Julius 
Ccesar shall lend himselfe in his Commentaries to thee, and 
Plutarch shall give thee a thousand Alexanders. If thou dost 
treate qf love, and hast but two ounces qf the Thuscane 
language, thou shall incounter with Lion the Hebrew, who 
wiU replenish thy vessels with store in that kinde, but if thou 
wiU not traveUfbr it into strange Countries, thou hast here 
at home in thy house Fonseca qfihe love qf God, wherein is 
deciphered all that either thou, or the most ingenious capacitie 
can desire to leame qf that subject. In cotwlusion, there is 

B 9 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

TO TH£ nothing else to he done^ but that tliou ordy indeavour to iiame 
READER those names^ or to touch those Histories in thine omne which I 
have here related, and leave tlie adding of Annotations and 
citations unto me, for I doe promise thee that I will both Jill 
up the margent, and also spend foure or five sheetes of advan- 
tage al the end of the Booke. 

Now let us come to the citcUion of Authors, which other 
Bookes have, and thine wanteth, the remedie hereof is very 
easie, Jor thou needest doe nouglU else but seeke out a Booke 
that doth quote them alljrom tJie letter A untiU Z as thou 
saidst thy selfe but even iww, and thou shcdt set that very 
same alphabet to thine onm Booke, For although the little 
necessitie that thou hadst to use their assistance in thy worke, 
will presently convict thee ofjalshood, it maks no matter, and 
perhaps there may not a Jew bee found so simple, as to beleeve 
that thou hast holpe thy selfe in the Narration of thy most 
simple and sincere Historie, with all their authorities. And 
though thai large Catalogue of Authors do serve to none 
other purpose ; yet will it at least give some authoritie to the 
Booke at the first blush : and the rather, because none will bee 
so mad as to stand to examine whether thou dostJoUow them 
or no, seeing they can gaine nothing by the matter. Yet if I 
doe not erre in the consideration of so waightie an c^aire, this 
Booke of thine needes none of cM these things, Jbr as much 
as it is onebf an invective against Bookes qf Knighthood, a 
subject whereof AristoUe never dreamed. Saint BasU said 
nothing, Cicero never heard any word. Nor doe the punc- 
tualities of trueth, nor observations of Astrologie JaU within 
the Spheare of such fabulous lestings. Nor doe Geometricall 
dimensions impart it any thing, nor the confutation of argur 
ments usurped by Rhetoricke, nor ought it to Preach unto any 
the mixture of holy matters with prophane, (a motley where- 
with no Christian well should be attyred,) onely it hath neede 
to helpe it selfe with imitation^Jbr by how much the more it 
shall exceU therein, by so m\u:h the more wiU the worke bee 
esteemed. And since that thy labour doth ayme at no more, 
then to diminish the authoritie and acceptance that Bookes of 
Chivcdrie have in the world, and among the vulgar, there is 
no occasion why tJiou shouldest goe begging of sentences Jrom 
10 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

PhUosophers^JhblesJrom Poets j Orations from Rhetoricians^ TO THE 

or myracles Jrom the Saints^ but onely endeavour to deliver READER 

with significant^ plaine, honesty and wehrdred words thy 

loviaU and cheer efiiU discourse^ expressing as neere as thou 

nudest possibly thy intention, making thy conceites clearcj and 

not intricate or dark; and labour also that the melancholy 

MarCj by the reading thereof, may bee urged to laughter, the 

pleasant disposition increased, the svmpU not cloyed; and 

thai the judicious may admire thy invention, the grave 

not despise it, the prudent applavde it. In conclusion let 

thy project be to overthrow the iU compiled Machina, and* 

huDce of those Knightly Bookes, abhorred by many, but 

applauded by more. For if thou bring this to passe, thou 

hast not atcnieved a small matter, 

I listned with very greai attentiofi to my friends speech, 

and his reasons are so firmely imprinted in my minde, as 

without making any replie unto them, I approved them aU 

fir good, andjramed my preface of them. Wherein (sweete 

Reader) thou maiest perceive myfnends discretion, my happi- 

tiesse to meete with so good a Counsellour at such a pinch, and 

thine owne ease, in finding so plainely and sincerely related 

the Historic of the famous Don-Quixote of the Mancha, of 

whom it is the common opinion qfaU the inhabitants bordring 

on theJUlds ofMontiel, that he was the most chaste enamoured, 

and valiant Knight, that hath beene scene, read, or heard qf 

these many Ages. I wiU not indeere the benefit and service I 

have done thee hj making thee acquainted with so Noble and 

Honourable a Knight, but onely doe desire that thou gratifU 

me for the notice of thejamous Sancho Pancha, his Squire, 

in whom in mine opinion are deciphered aU the Squirelike 

graces dispersed throughout the vaine rout of Knightly 

Bookes, And herewithaU I bid thee JareweU, 

and doe not forget me. Vale. 



11 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 



CERTAINE SONNETS 

written by Knights Errant, Ladies, Squires, 

and Horses, in the praise of Don-Quixote, 

his Dame, his Squire, and Steed 

AMADIS OF GAULE IN PRAISE OF 

DON-QUIXOTE 

Thou that my dolef ull life didst imitate, 

When absent, and disdainM it befeU, 

Devoide of loy, I a repentant state 

Did leade, and on the Poore Rock^s top did dweU, 

Thou that the streames, so often from thine eyes 

Didst sucke of scalding teares disgustfuU brine : 

And without Peuter, Copper, Plate, likewise, 

Wast on the bare earth oft constraint to dine : 

Live of one thins secure eternally. 

That whilst bri^t Phcebus shall his Horses spurre 

Through the fourth Spheares dilated Monarchie, 

Thy name shall be renowmed, neere and furre. 

And as ^mongst Countries, thine is best alone, 

So shall thine author, Peeres, on Earth have none. 

DON BEUANIS OF GREECE, TO DON-QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 

I TORS, I hackt, abolisht, said and did. 
More then Slight Errant else on Earth hath done, 
I dextrous, valiant, and so stout beside. 
Have thousand wrongs revengM, millions undone. 

IS 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

I have done acts, that my fame eternize : 
In Love I courteous and so Peerelesse was ; 
Giants, as if but dwarfs, I did despise : 
And yet no time of Love plaints, I let passe. 

I have held Fortune prostrate at my feet^ 
And by my wit seazd on occasions top. 
Whose wandring steps, I led where I tiiought meete. 
And though beyond the Moore my soaring hope 
Did crowne my hap, with all feHcitie : 
Yet Great Quixot^ doe I stiU envie thee. 



THE KNIGHT OF THE SUNNE ALFHEBO, 

TO DON-QUIXOTE 

My Sword could not at all compare with thine, 
Spanish Alphebo ! f uU of cuitesie : 
Nor thine armes valour, can be matcht by mine. 
Though I was fearde, where dayes both spring and die. 

Empires I skom^d, and the vast Monarchie 
Of th^ orient ruddie (offred me in vaine) 
I left, that I the soveraigne face might see. 
Of my Aurora, faire Claridiane, 

Whom, as by miracle I surely lov^d : 
So banisht by disgrace, even very hell 
Quak^t at mine arme, that did ms furie tame : 
But thou, illustrious, Gothe, Quixote ! hast proved 
Thy valour for Dulcineas sake, so weU, 
As both on earth have gaind etemall fame. 



ORLANDO FURIOSO, PEERE OF FRANCE, TO 
DON42UIXOTE OF THE MANCHA 

Though thou are not a Peere, thou hast no peere. 
Who might among ten thousand Peeres be one ; 
Nor shalt thou never any Peere have heere. 
Who ever conquering, vanquisht wast of none. 

IS 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

Quixote I ^me Orlande ! that cast-away 
For faire Angelica, crort remotest Seas, 
And did such Trophies on Fames altar lay, 
As passe oblivions wreach, many degrees. 

Nor can I be thy Peere, for Peerelesnesse, 
Is to thy prowes dew and great renoune. 
Although I left, as well as thou my wit : 
Yet mine thou maist be, if thy good successe 
Make thee, the proud Moore tame,and Schite that crowne 
Us equals in disgrace, and being fit. 



SOUS DAN, TO DON-QUIXOTE OF 
THE MANCHA 

Maugre the ravings, that are set abroach. 

And rumble up and downe thy troubled braine : 
Yet none thine acts Quixote can reproach. 
Or thy proceedings taxe as vile, or vaine. 

Thy feates shal be, thy fairest ornament 

(Seeing ¥rrongs to ^ndoe, thou goest thus about) 
Although, with blowes, a thousand times y-shent 
Thou wert, wel-nigh, yee Ven by the miscreant route. 

And if thy faire Duldnea, shall wrong 
By misreeard, thy fairer expectation. 
And to thy cares will lend no listening eare. 
Then let tnis comfort all thy woes out weare. 
That Sancho faild in brokers occupation, 
He foolish, crueU shee : thou, without tongue. 



THE PRINCES ORIANA OF GREAT BRITTAINE, 
^ TO LADY DULCINEA DE TOBOSO 

Hafpie those which, for more commoditie 

And ease Dulcinea faire ! could bring to passe. 
That Greene Witch, where Toboso is might bee 
And London changM, where thy Knights village was, 

14 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Happie she that might body and soule adorne 
With thy rich livery, and thy hie desire : 
And see thy happie Knight by honour borne 
In cruell combat, broaching out his Ire. 

But happiest she, that might so cleanly scape 
From Amadis, as thou hast whilome done 
From thy well manerd Knight, Curteous Quixote : 
O ! were I shee, I ^de enw now once hap, 
And had beene merry, when I most did moane, 
And tane my pleasure, without paying shot. 



GAND ALINE, AMADIS OF GAULES SQUIRE ; TO 
SANCHO PANgA, DON-QUIXOTES SQUIRE 

Hayle, £Eunous man ! whom Fortune hath so blist. 
When first in Squirelike trade, it thee did place 
As thou didst soft and sweetly passe disgrace. 
Ere thou thereof the threatning danger wist. 

The Shovell or Sickle little doe resist 

The wandrinff exercise ; for nowe'^s in grace, 
Plaine Squirelike dealing, which doth quite deface. 
His pride, that would the Moore boare with his fist. 

Thine Asse I joyntly envie and thy name, 
And eke thy Wallet I doe emulate ; 
An argument of thy great providence : 
Haile once againe ; who, cause so good a man, 
Thy worthes, our Spanish Ovid does relate. 
And lovely chaunts them, with all reverence. 

A DIALOGUE BETWEENE BABIECA, HORSE TO THE CID 
A FAMOUS CONQUEROUR OF SPAINE : AND ROZINANTE 

DON-QUIXOTES COURSER 

Ba. How haps it Rozinant, thou art so leane ? 

Ro. Because I travaile still, and never eate : 

Ba. Thy want of Barley and Straw, what doe^s it meane ? 

Ro. That of my Lord, a bit I cannot get. 

^ 16 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

Ba. Away, sir lade ! you are ill mannered, 

Whose Asses tongue, your Lord does thus abase. 

Ro. If you did see how hees enamoured. 

You would conclude, that hees the greater Asse. 

Ba. Is love a folly ? (Roz.) sure it is no wit. 

Ba. Thou art a Metaphisitian, (Roz.) for want of meate. 

Ba. Complaine upon the Squire. (Roz.) what profits it ? 
Or how shall I my wofull plaints repeate ! 
Since though the world imputes slownesse to me, 
Yet greater lades, my Lord and Sancho be. 



16 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



THE TABLE OF THE FIRST BOOKE 

of the delightfiill Historic of Don-Quixote 

CHAPTER I PAo« 

Wherein is rehearsed the calling and exercises of the renowned 
Gentleman^ Don-Quixote of the Mancha .23 

CHAPTER II 

Treating of the first sally that Don-Quixote made to seeke 
Adventures . . . . . . .29 

CHAPTER III 

Wherein is recounted the pleasant manner observed in the 
Knighting of Don-Quixote .36 

CHAPTER IIII 

Of that which befell to our Knight^ after hee had departed from 
the Inne . .43 

CHAPTER V 

Wherein is prosecuted the former narration of our Knights 
misfortunes . .61 

CHAPTER VI 

Of the pleasant and curious search and inquisition made by the 
Curate and Barber^ of Don-Quixotes Librarie . 66 

CHAPTER VII 

Of the second departure that the good Knight Don-Quixote 
made from his House to seeke adventures . . .64 

CHAPTER VIII 

Of the good successe Don-Quixote had in the dreadfull and never 
imagined adventure of the Wind-mik^ with other accidents 
worthy to be recounted .70 

C 17 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

THE TABLE OF THE SECOND BOOKE 

of the delightfull Historic of Don-Quixote 

of Mancha 

CHAPTER I PAGE 

Therein is concluded and finished the fearefull battaile^ which 
the gallant Biscaine fought with Don-Quixote . . 79 

CHAPTER II 

Of that which befell to Don^uizote^ after hee had left the Ladies 85 

CHAPTER III 

Of that which passed betweene Don-Quixote and certaine Goat- 
heards . . . .91 

CHAPTER IIII 

Of that which one of the Goatheards recounted to those that 

travailed with Don-Quixote .98 

CHAPTER V 

Wherein is finished the Historic of the Pastora Marcella^ with 
other accidents ...... 105 

CHAPTER VI 

Wherein are rehearsed the dispairing Verses of the dead 
Shepheard^ with other unexpected events .115 

THE TABLE OF THE THIRD BOOKE 

of the delightfull Historie of Don-Quixote 

of Mancha 

CHAPTER I 

Wherein is rehearsed the unfortunate adventure hapned to Don- 
Quixote, by encountering with certaine Yanguesian Carriers 124 

18 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER II 

PAGB 

Of that which befell the ingenious Knight within the Inne^ which 
he supposed to be a Castle ..... 132 

CHAPTER III 

Wherein are laide downe the innumerable misfortunes that Don- 
Quixote^ and his good Squire Sancho^ passed in the Inne^ the 
which he to his dammage supposed to be a Castle . 140 

CHAPTER nil 

Specifying the discourses passed betweene Sancho^ and his Lord 
Don-Quixote^ with other occurrents worthy the recitall • 150 

CHAPTER V 

Of the discreet discourses had between Sancho and his Lord^ 
with the succeeding adventures of a dead body^ and other 
notable things . ...... 161 

CHAPTER VI 

Of a wonderfiill adventure atchieved with lesse hazzard^ then 
ever any other Knight did any^ by the valorous Don-Quixote 
of the Mancha ...... 169 

CHAPTER VII 

Of the high Adventure and rich Prize of the Helmet of Mambrino^ 
with other successes be&llen the invincible Knight . . 183 

CHAPTER VIII 

Of the libertie that Don-Quixote gave to many wretches, that 

were a carrying perforce to a place they desired not . . 195 * 

CHAPTER IX 

Of that which befell the famous Don-Quixote in Sierra Morena^ 
and was one of the rarest adventures^ which in this authen- 
ticall Historie is recounted ..... 207 

CHAPTER X 
Wlierein ra prosecuted the adventure of Sierra Morena . 220 

19 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER XI PAGE 

Which treates of the strange adventures that hapned to the 
Knight of the Mancha^ in Sierra Morena: and of the 
Penance he did there^ in imitation of Beltinibros . . 230 

CHAPTER XII 
Wherein are prosecuted the prankee played by Don-Quixote in 
his amorous humours in the Mountaines of Sierra Morena . 248 

CHAPTER XIII 

How the Curate and Barber put their designe in practise^ with 
many other things worthy to be recorded in this fsunous 
Historie ....... 257 



«o 






THE DELIGHTFULL 
HISTORIE OF THE 

MOST INGENIOUS KNIGHT 

DON-QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 



THE FIRST PART 



THE FIRST BOOKE 




CHAPTER I 

Wherein is rehearsed the calling, and exercises of 

the renowmed Gentleman Don-Quixote, 

of the Mancha. 

^HERE lived not lone since in a certaine 
vilage of the Man^a, the name wherof 

Xrposely omit, a, Yeoman of their 
g tltat use to pile up in their hats 
old Laimces, Halbards, Morrions, and 
such other armours and weapons. He 
was besides master of an ancient Target, 
a leane Stallion, and a swift Grey- 
hound. His pot consisted daily of somewhat more Beefe 
then Mutton, a little minced meate every night, griefes and 
complaints tiie Saturdayes, Lentils on Fridayes, and now 
and then a Pigeon of remject on Sundayes did consume 
three parts of bis rents : the rest and remnant thereof was 
spent on a lerkin of fine Puke, a paire of velvet hose, with 
pantofles of the same for the holly-dayes, and one apparell 
of the finest vesture ; for therewitball he honored and set 
out his person on the worke dayes. Hee had in bis bouse a 
woman-servant, of about some forty yearcs old, and a niese 
not yet twenty, and a man that served bim both in fielde and 
at home, and could saddle his horse, and likewise manage a 
pruning booke. The Master bimselfe was about fifty yeares 
olde, of a strong complexion, drie fiesb; and a witbered face : 

9S 



Idancha. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER he was an early riser, and a great friend of hunting. Some 
I affirme that ms surname was Quixada or Quesada (for in 

IVherein is this there is some variance among the authours that write 
rehearsed the hig life) although it may be gathered by very probable 
n^^eTof conjectures, that he was called Quixana. Yet all this con- 
bherenowmed cenies our historical! relation but little; let it then suffice, 
Gentleman that in the narration thereof we will not vary a jot from 
Don-Quixote, the truth. 

^[Jil^ri.. You shall therefore wit, that this Yeoman above named 

the spirts that he was idle (which was the longer part 
of the yeare) did apply himselfe wholly to the reading of 
bookes of Knight -nood, and that with such gusts and 
delights, as he almost wholly neglected the exercise of 
himting, yea and the very amninistration of his houshold 
affaires: and his curiosity and folly came to that passe, 
that he made away many acres of arable land to buy him 
bookes of that kind ; and therefore he brought to his house 
as many as ever he could get of that subject : and among 
them all, none pleased him better then those which famous 
Felician of Silva composed. For the smoothnesse of his 
prose, with now and then some intricate sentence medled, 
seemed to him peerlesse ; and principally when he did reade 
the love dalliances, or letters of challenge, that Knights 
sent to Ladies, or one to another ; where, in many places he 
found written the reason of the unreasonablenesse, which 
against my reason is wrought, doth so weaken my reason, 
as with all reason I doe justly complaine on your beauty. 
And also when he read The high Heavens, which with your 
divinity doe fortifie you divmely with the starres, and 
make you deserveresse of the deserts that your greatnesse 
deserves, etc. With these and other such passages the 
poore Gentleman ^w distracted, and was breakmg his 
Draines day and mght to understand and unbowell their 
sense. An ,endlesse labor, for even Aristotle himselfe 
would not understand them, though he were againe resusci- 
tated onely for that purpose. He did not like so much the 
unproportionate blowes that Don Belianis gave and tooke 
in fignt; for, as he imagined, were the Surgeons never so 
cunmng that cured them, yet was it impossible but that 
S4 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the patient his face and all his body must remaine full of CHAPTER 
scars, and tokens: yet did he praise notwithstanding in I 

the authour of that History, the conclusion of his booke, VHierein is 
with the promise of the endlesse adventure, and many times whoaned the 
he himselfe had a desire to t^ke pen and finish it exactly as ^^"^* ^ 
it is there promised ; and would doubtlesly have performed therenowmed 
it, and that certes with happy successe, if other more urgent Gentleman 
and continuall thoughts haa not disturbed him. Don-Quizote, 

Many times did he fall at variance with the Curate of his w^\ 
villa^ (who was a learned man, graduated in Ciguenca) ^^ *" 
touching who was the better Ejiight, Palmerin of England, 
or Amadis de Graule: but Master Nicholas the Barber of 
the same towne would afiirme, that none of both arrived in 
worth to the Knight of the Sun ; and if any one Knight 
might paragon with him, it was infallibly Don Gals^r, 
Amadis de Graules brother, whose nature might fitly be 
accommodated to any thing ; for hee was not so coy and 
whyning a Knight as his brother, and that in matters of 
valour, ne did not bate him an ace. 

In resolution, he plunged himselfe so deepely in his read- 
ing of these bookes, as he spent many times in the Lecture 
of them whole dayes and nights ; and in the end, through 
his little slecpe and much reading, he dryed up his braines 
in such sort, as he lost wholly his judgement. His fantasie 
was filled with those things that he read, of enchantments, 
quarrels, battels, challenges, wounds, woings, loves, tem- 
pests, and other impossible follies. And these toyes did so 
firmely possesse his imagination with an infallible opinion, 
that all that Machina of dreamed inventions which be read 
was true, as he accounted no History in the world to be so 
certainc and sincere as they were. He was wont to say that 
the *Cid Ruydiaz was a very good Knight, but not to be *A fiunous 
compared to the Knight of the burning sword, which with Captoine of 
one thwart blow cut asunder two fierce and mighty Giants. ^tionT^^ 
He agreed better with Bernardo del Carpio, because he slew 
the enchanted Rowland in Roncesvales. He likewise liked 
of the shift Hercules used when he smothered Anteon the 
Sonne of the earth betweene his armes. He praysed the 
Gyant Morgant marvellously, because though hee was of 

D as 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAFTBR that monstrous progenie, who are commonly all of them 
I proude and rude, yet he onely was affable and courteous. 

Wherein is But he agreed best of all with Reinauld of Mount Alban ; 
nhearBed tiie gj^^ most of all then, when he saw him sallie out of his 
~^J^^£ Castle to rob as many as ever hee could meete : and when 
therenowmed moreover he robd the IdoU of Mahomet made al of gold. 
Gentleman as his History recounts, and would be content to give his 
I^vD^Qoi^Eote, soule, yea and his Nies also, for a good oportunity on 
Mwodim. ^^ traytor Gralalon, that he might lamb-skin and trample 

him into powder. 

Finally^ his wit being wholly extinguished; he fell into 
one of the strangest conceits that ever mad-man stumbled 
on in this world, to wit, it seemed unto him very requisite 
and behoovefuU, as well for the augmentation of his honours, 
as also for the benefite of the Common-wealth, that he him- 
selfe should become a Knight Errant, and goe throughout 
the world, with his horse and armor to seeke adventures, 
and practise in person all that he had read was used by 
Knignts of yoare; revenging of all kinds of injuries, and 
offering himselfe to occasions and dangers: which being 
once happily atchieved, might gaine him etemall renowne. 
The poore soule did already figure himselfe crowned, through 
the valour of his arme, at least with the Empire of Trape- 
sonda; and ledde thus by these soothing thoughts, and 
borne away with the exceeding delight he found in them, 
he hastened all that he might, to effect his urging desires. 

And first of all he caused certaine old rusty armes to be 
scoured, that belonged to his great Grand-father, and lay 
many ages neglected, and forgotten in a by-comer of his 
house; he trimmed them and dressed them the best he 
mought, and then perceived a great defect they had ; for 
they wanted an helmet, and had only a plain morrion : but 
he by his industry supplied that want, and framed with 
certaine papers pasted together, a Beaver for his Morrion. 
True it is, that to make tryall whether his pasted Beaver 
was strong enough, and mi^ht abide the adventure of a 
blow, he out with his sword, and gave it a blow or two, 
and with the very first did quite undoe his whole weekes 
labour : the facility wherewithall it was dissolved liked him 
26 



-4if%..J^. '4p. 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

nothing ; wherefore to assure himselfe better the next time CHAPTER 
from die like danger, he made it anew, placing certaine 1 

iron barres within it, in so artificiall manner, as he rested Wherein is 
at once satisfied, both with his invention, and ako the >^^?«"«d tiie 
sollidity of the worke ; and without making a second tryall, ^grciawof 
he deputed and held it in estimation of a most excellent therenowmed 
Beaver. Then did he presently visit his horse, who though Gentleman 
he had more comers then a Spanish ReaU, and more I^n-<}uixote/ 
faults then Gronellas, havine nothing on him but skin i[{|^^. 
and bone; yet he thought that neyther Alexanders Buce- 
phalus, nor the Cid his horse Babieca, were in any respect 
equall to him. He spent foure dayes devising him a name : 
for (as he reasoned to himselfe) it was not fit that so famous 
a Knights horse, and chiefly being so good a beast, should 
want a knowne name ; and therefore he endevoured to give 
him such a one, as should both declare what sometime he 
had beene, before he pertayned to a Knight Errant, and also 
what presently he was: for it stood greatly with reason, 
seeing nis Lord and Master changed his estate and vocation, 
that he should alter likewise his denomination, and set a 
new one, that were famous and altisonant, as becommed the 
new order and exercise which he now professed : and there- 
fore after many other names which he framed, blotted out, 
rejected, added, undid, and turned againe to frame in his 
memory and imagination, he finally concluded to name him A horse of 
Rozinante, a name in his opinion, lofty, ful, and significative l^^f <>' . 
of what he had beene when he was a simple horse, before he g^^JJ^f^ji'* 
was exalted to his new dignity ; beine as he thought, the c^ed Bozin, 
best carriage beast of the world. The name being thus and the word 

E'ven to his horse, and so to his minde, he resolved to give ^*>to> signi- 
mselfe a name also, and in that thought he laboured ^^t^t^j^L 
other eight dayes; and in conclusion, called himselfe Don- ante is a hone 
Quixote ; whence (as is said) the Authours of this most true that Bome- 
History deduce, that he was undoubtedly named Quixada, time was of 
and not Quesada as others would have it. And remembring ca^'i^ge* 
that the valorous Amadis was not satisfied onely with the 
dry name of Amadis, but added thereunto the name of his 
Kingdome and Country, to render his owne more redoubted, 
terming himselfe Amadis de Gaula; so he, like a good 

87 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER Knight would adde to his owne, that also of his Province, 
I and call himselfe Don-Quixote of the Mancha, wherewith it 

Wherein is appeared, that he very lively declared his linage and countrey, 
rehearsed the which he did honor, oy taking it for his surname. 
^^SL^ His armour being scoured, his morrion transformed into 
S[^^wmed an hehnet, his horse named, and himselfe confirmed with 
Gentleman a new name also ; he forthwith bethought himselfe that now 
Don-Quizote> he wanted nothing but a Lady, on whom hee might bestow 
MiSuffia- ^ service and affection ; for the Knight Errant that is 

loveless, resembles a tree that wants leaves and fruit, or a 
body without a soule : and therefore he was wont to say, If 
I should for my sinnes, or by good hap encounter there 
abroad with some Giant (as Knights Errant doe ordinarily) 
and that I should overthrow him with one blow to the groimd, 
or cut him with a stroke in two halves, or finally overcome, 
and make him yeeld to me, would it not be very expedient 
to have some Lady, to whom I might present him ? And that 
he entring in her presence do lay himself on his knees before 
my sweet Lady, and say unto her with an humble and sub- 
missive voyce : Madam ! I am the Giant Caraculiambro, 
Lord of the Hand called Malindrania, whom the never-too- 
much-praysed Knight Don-Quixote de la Mancha hath over- 
come m single combat ; and hath commanded to present my 
selfe to your greatnesse, that it may please your Highnesse 
to dispose of me according unto your liking. O ! how glad 
was our Knight when he had made this discourse to himselfe, 
but chiefly when he had found out one, whom he might cal 
his Lady. For, as it is imagined, there dwelled in the next 
village unto his Mannor, a young handsome wench, with 
whom he was sometime in love, although as is understood, 
she never knew or tooke notice thereof. Shee was called 
Aldonca Lorenso, and her he thought fittest to intitle with 
the name of Lady of his thoughts, and searching a name for 
her that should not vary much fix)m her owne, and yet should 
draw and aveere somewhat to that of a Princesse or great 
Lady, he called her Dulcinea del Toboso (for there she 
was borne) a name in his conceit harmonious, strange 
and significative, like to all the others that 
he had given to his things. 
28 




I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER II 

Of the first sally that Don -Quixote made 
to s^e adventures. 

rjlHESE preventions being made, he would 
dcferre the execution of bis designee no 
longer, beine spur'd on the more vehe- 
mently, by tne want which be esteemed, 
his delayes wrought in the world, accord- 
ing to the wrongs that he resolved to 
right, the harmes he meant to redresse, 
the excesses he would amend, the abuses 
that he would better, and the debts he would satisfie. 
And therefore without acquainting any living creature with 
his intention, he unseene of any, upon a certaine morning, 
somewhat before the day (being one of the wannest of luly) 
armed himselfe Cap a pie^ mounted on Bozinante, laced on 
his il-contrived Helmet, imbraced his Target, tooke his 
Launce, and by a posteme doore of his base-court issued out 
to the field, marvellous jocund and content to see with what 
facility he had commenced his good desires. But scarce had 
he sallied to the fields, when he was suddenly assaulted by a 
terrible thought, and such a one as did wel-nigh overthrow 
his former good purposes; which was, he remembred that 
he was not yet duVd Knight, and therefore by the lawes of 
Knighthood neyther could nor ought to combat with any 
Knight. And though he were one, yet ought he to weare 
white armour like a new Knight, without any device in his 
shield, untill he did win it by force of armes. 

These thoughts did make him stagger in his purposes; 
but his follies prevayling more then any other reason, he 
purposed to cause himselfe to be Knighted by the first he 
met, to the imitation of many others, that did the same, as 
he had read in the bookes which distracted him. As touch- 
ing white armour, he resolved with the first oportunity to 

99 



CHAPTER 
II 

Of the first 
■ally that 
Don-Quixote 
made to seeke 
adventures. 



''^Melodious. 



♦His country 
the Mancha. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

secure his own so well, that they should rest whiter then 
Ermines : and thus he pacified his mind, and prosecuted his 

{'oumey, without chusing any other way then that which his 
lorse pleased, beleeving that therein consisted the vigor of 
Knightly adventures. Our flourishing adventurer travelling 
thus onward, did parle with himselfe in this manner : ^ Who 
^ doubts in the ensuing ages, when the true History of my 
^ famous actes shall come to light, but that the wiseman 
^ who shall write it, will begin it, when he comes to declare 

* this my first sally so early in the morning, after this man- 
^ ner ? Scarce had the ruddy Apollo spread over the face of 

* the vast and spacious earth, the golden twists of his 
^ beautifull hayres, and scarce had the little enameld birds 

* with their naked tongues saluted with sweet and * melli- 

* fluous harmony, the arrivall of Rosie Aurora ; when aban- 

* doning her jealous husbands soft couch, shee shewes her 

* selfe to mortall wights through the gates and ¥nndowes of 

* the * Manchegall Orizon. Wlien the famous Knieht Don- 

* Quixote of the Mancha, abandoning the slouthfull plumes, 
^ did mount upon his renowned horse Rozinante, and began to 

* travell through the ancient and notorious fields of Montiel,^ 
(as indeede he did) and following still on ¥nth his Dis- 
course, he said : * O ! happy the age, and fortunate the 
^ time, wherein my famous feats shall be revealed, feats 

* worthy to be graven in brasse, carved in marble, and 

* delivered with most curious arte in tables, for a fiiture 

* instruction and memory. And thou wise enchanter, who- 

* soever thou beest, whom it shall conceme to be the Chroni- 
^ cler of this strange History, I desire thee not to forget my 

* good horse Rozinante, mine etemall and inseparable com- 

* panion in all my joumies and courses.** And then as if hee 
were verily enamoured, he said, ^ O Princesse Dulcinea, Lady 

* of this captive heart, much wrong hast thou done me by 
^ dismissing me, and reproching me with the rigorous decree 

* and commandement not to appeare before tny beauty : I 
^ pray thee, sweete Lady, deigne to remember thee of this 

* poore subjected heart, that for thy love suffers so many 

* tortures.^ And with these words he inserted a thousand 
other ravings, all after the very same manner that his bookes 

80 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

taueht him, imitating as neere as he could their very phrase CHAPTER 
ana language, and did ride therewithall so slow a pace, ^ 

and the Sunne did mount so swiftly, and with so great Of the first 
heate, as it was sufficient to melt his braines if he had had ^^^} ^ 

anv 1ft Don-Quixote 

lie travelled almost all that day, without enoountring adventures, 
any thing worthy the recitall, which made him to fret for 
anger : for he desired to encounter presently some one upon 
whom he might make triall of nis invmdble strength. 
Some authors write, that his first adventure was that of the 
Li^ioean straites, others, that of the Winde-mils ; but what 
I could only find out in this affaire, and that which I have 
found written in the Annals of the Mancha is, that he tra- 
velled all that day long, and at night both he and his horse 
were tyred, and marveilously prest by hunger, and looking 
about nim on every side, to see whether he could discover 
any Castle or Sheepe-fold, wherein he might retire himselfe 
for that night, ana remedy his wants ; he perceived an Inne, 
neare unto the high way wherein he travelled ; which was 
as welcome a sight to him, as if he had scene a starre, that 
did addresse him to the porch, if not to the Pallace of his 
redemption. Then spurring his horse, he hyed all he might 
towards it, and arrived much about night fall. There stood 
by chance at the Inne dore, two yone women adventurers 
liKewise, which travelled toward SiviU with certaine Car- 
riers, and did by chance take up their lodging in that Inne 
the same evening ; and for as much as our Knight Errant 
esteemed all which he thought, saw, or imagined, was done 
or did really passe in the very same forme, as he had read 
the like in his bookes ; forthwith as soone as he espied the 
Vent, he fained to himselfe that it was a Castle with foure 
Turrets, whereof the Pinacles were of glistring silver, without 
omitting the draw-bridge, deepe fosse, and other adherents 
belonging to the like places: And approching by little 
and little to the Vent, when he drew neere to it, checking 
Rozinante with the bridle, he rested a while to see whether 
any dwarfe would mount on the battlements to give warn- 
ing ¥nth the sound of a Trumpet, how some Knight did 
approach the Castle : but seeing they stayed so long, and 

81 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER also that Rozinante kept a coile to goe to his stable, he 
^I went to the Inne dore, and there beheld the two distracted 

Of the first wenches, that stood at it, whom hee presently supposed to 
TV?^-S** be two beautifull damzels or lovely Ladies, that did solace 
madeioseeke themselves before the Castle gates. And in this space it 
adventures, i befell by chance, that a certaine Swine-heard as he gathered 

together his hogges, blew the home, whereat they are wont 
to come together ; and instantly Don-Quixote imagined it 
was what he desired, to wit, some dwarfe who gave notice of 
his arrivall; and therefore with marvellous satisfaction of 
minde he approched to the Inne and Ladies ; who behold- 
ing one armed in that manner to draw so neere, vnth his 
Launce and Target, they made much hast being greatly 
affrighted, to get to their lodging. But Don-Quixote, 

Erceiving their feare by their flight, lifting up his pasted 
AVer, and discovering nis withered and dusty countenance, 
did accost them with gentle demeanour and grave words in 
this manner: ^Let not your Ladiships flie, nor feare any 

* outrage, for to the order of Knighthood which I doe pro- 
^ fesse, it toucheth nor appertaineth not to wrong any body, 
^ and least of all such worthy damzels as your presences 

* denote you to be.** The wenches lookea on him very 
earnestly, and did search with their eyes for the visage, 
which his ill-fashioned Beaver did conccnde : but when they 
heard themselves termed damzels, a thing so farre from their 
profession, they could not containe their laughter, which 
was so loude, as Don-Quixote waxed ashamed thereat, and 
therefore said to them : * Modesty is a comely ornament of 
*' the beautifull, and the excessive laughter that springs from 
^ a light occasion, must be reputed great folly : but I do not 

* object this unto you to make you the more ashamed, or 
^ that you should take it in ill put : for my desire is none 
^ other then to doe you all the honour and service I may.** 
This he spake unto them in such uncouth words, as they 
could not understand him, which was an occasion, joyned 
with his owne uncomelinesse, to encrease their laughter and 
his wrath, which would have past the bounds of reason, if 
the In-keeper had not come out at the instant; being a 
man who by reason of his exceeding fatnesse, must needs 

S2 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

have beene of a very peaceable condition, who beholding CHAPTER 
that counterfeit figure, all armed in so imsutable armour, as II 

were his Bridle, Lance, Target, and Corslet, was very neere Of the first 
to have kept the damzels company in the pleasant showes "^y^** 
of his merriment: but fearing in effect the Machina and madetoswSte 
bulke contrived of so various furnitures, he determined to adventures, 
speake him fairely, and therefore began to him in this 
maner : If your Worship (Sir Knight) doe seeke for lodg- 
^^9 you may chalke your selfe a bed (for there is none m 
this Lme) wherein you shall finde all other things in abund- 
ance. Don-Quixote noting the lowlinesse of the Constable 
of that Fortresse (for such the Inne and In-keeper seemed 
unto him) answered, Any thing. Sir * Constable, may serve ^Here the 
me ; for mine armei are mine ornaments, and battels mine Spanish is 
ease, etc. The Hoste thought he had called him a Castellano ^j^j^' 
or Constable, because hee esteemed him to be one of the ^^ Spanish 
sincere and honest men of Castile, whereas he was indeede tongue either 
an Andaluzian, and of the commarke of S. Lucars, no lesse a Constable 
thievish then Cacus, nor lesse malicious and crafty then a of*CasUe, 
student or Page ; and therefore he answered him thus : If ^ Castile. 
that be so, your bedde must be hard rockes, and your sleepe a 
perpetuall watching : and being such, you may boldly allight, 
and shall finde certainly here occasion and oportunitie to 
holde you waking this twelve-moneth more, for one night : 
and saying so, laid hand on Don-Quixotes stirrop, who did 
forthwith allight, though it was with great difficulty and 
paine (as one that heA not eaten all that day one crumme) 
and then he requested the Hoste to have speciall care of his 
horse, saying, he was one of the best pieces that ever eate 
bread. The In-keeper viewed and reviewed him, to whom 
he did not seeme halfe so good as Don-Quixote vaJued him ; 
and laying him up in the stable, he tumed to see what his 
Guest would command, who was a-disarming by both the 
damzels Twhich were by this time reconciled to him) who, 
though they had taken off his brest-plate and backe parts, 
yet knew they not how, nor could any wise undo his gorget, 
nor take off his counterfeit Beaver, which he had fastened 
on with greene ribbands : and by reason the knots were so 
intricate, it was requisite they should be cut, whereunto he 
£ 8S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER would not in any wise agree; and therfore remained all 
^ the night with his Helmet on, and was the strangest and 

Of the first pleasantest figure thereby, that one might behold. And as 
nllytiiat [^q ^^^^ a-disarminir (imamnine those lieht wenches that 
Sd^^^e holpe him,Tbr^AZf priSdpall Laies and dames of 
adventures, that Castle) he said unto them with a very good grace: 

Never was any Knight so well attended on, and served by 
Ladies as was Don-Quixote; when he departed from his 
village, damzels attended on him, and Ihincesses on his 
horse. O Rozinante, for (Ladies) that is the name of my 
horse, and Don-Quixote de la Mancha is mine owne. For 
although I meant at the first not to have discovered my 
selfe, untill the acts done in your service and benefite should 
manifest me, yet the necessity of accommodating to our 
present purpose, the old Romaunce of Sir Launcdot, hath 
Deene an occasion that you should know my name before the 
right season : but the time will come wherem your Ladiships 
may commaund me, and I obey, and then the valor of mine 
arme shall discover the desire I have to doe you service. 

The wenches being unaccustomed to heare so rhetoricall 
termes, answered never a word to him, but onely demanded, 
whether he would eate any thing ? Hiat I would, replied 
Don-Quixote, for as much as I tmnke the taking of a little 
meat would be very behoovefiill for me. It chanced by hap 
to be on Friday, and therefore there was no other meat in 
the Inne, then a few pieces of a fish called in Castile Aba- 
dexOj in Andaluzia, BacaUao^ and in some places Curadilio, 
and in others Truchuela^ and is but poore-Iohn. They 
demanded of him therefore whether he would eate thereof, 
giving it the name used in that place of Truchuela or little 
Troute, for there was no other fish in all the Inne to present 
unto him but such ? Why then, quoth Don-Quixote, bring 
it in, for if there be many little Trouts, they may serve me 
in stead of a ateaX one ; it being all one to m^ to be paide 
my money fif I were to receive any) in eight single Reals, 
or to be paide the same in one Reall of eight. And more- 
over those little Trouts are perhapi like unto Veale, which 
is much more delicate flesh then Beefe ; or the Kid, which 
is better then the Goat : but be it what it list, let it be 
84 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

brought in presently ; for the labour and weight of armes CHAPTER 
cannot be well borne, without the well suppying of the I^ 

futtes. Then was there straight laid a table at the Inne Of the first 
oore, that he mought take the aire : and the Host brought ^y^} 
him a portion of eioU-watered and woree boyled poore-Iohn, ^d^J^^ 
and a loafe as black and hoaiy as his Hajnesse: but the adventures, 
onely sport was to behold him eat : for by reason his Helmet 
was on, and his Beaver lifted, he could put nothing into his 
mouth himselfe, if others did not helpe him to finde the 
way ; and therefore one of those Ladies served his tume in 
that : but it was altogether impossible to give him drinke 
after that manner, and would have remayned so for ever, if 
the In-keeper hfiul not boared a Cane, and setting the one 
end in his mouth, powred downe the wine at the other : 
all which he suffered most patiently, because he would not 
breake the ribbans of his Helmet. And as he sate at 
supper, there arrived by chance a Sow-gelder, who as soone 
as he came to the Inne, did sound foure or five times a 
whistie of Canes, the which did confirme Don-Quixote that 
he was in some famous Castie, where he was served with 
musicke, and that the poore-Iohn was Trouts, the bread of 
the fin^ flower, the whoores Ladies, and the In-keeper 
Constable of that Castie: Wherefore he accounted his 
resolution and departure from his owne house very well 
imployed. But that which did most afflict him, was, that 
he was not yet dubbed Knight, for as much as he was 
fully perswaded, that he could not lawfully enter- 
prise or follow any adventure, untill he received 
the oraer of Knight-hood. 



S5 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 



CHAPTER III 

Wherein is recounted the pleasant manner observed 
in the Knighting of Don-Quixote. 

ND being thus tossed in minde, he did 
abreviat his Tavemly and limited supper ; 
which being finished, heecalled for his host, 
»ad shutting the Stable dore very fast, he 
laid himselK down upon his knees in it 
before him, saying, I will never rise from 
the place where I am valorous Knight, 
tmtill jour cortesie shall graunt unto me 
a boone that I meane to demand of you, the which will 
redound unto your renowne, and also to the profite of all 
humane kinde. The In-keeper seeing his guest at his feete, 
and hearing him speake those words, remayned confounded 
beholding him, not knowing what he might doe or say, and 
did studie and labour to nuke him arise: but all was in 
vaine, untill he must have promised unto him, that he would 




grant him any gift that ne sought at hii handes. I did 
never expect lesae (replied Don-Quixote) from your great 
magnificence, my Lord: and therdibre I say unto you, that 



the boone which I demaund of you, and that hath beene 
graunted unto me by your hberahty, is, that to morrow in 
the morning you wu dubbe me Knight, and this night I 
will watch mine armour in the Chapp3l of your Castle, and 
in the morning, as I have said, the rest of my desires shall 
be accomplished, that I may goe in due manner throughout 
the foure parts of the world to seeke adventures, to the 
benefit of the needy, as is the duety of Knight-hood and of 
Knights Errant, as I am, whose desires are wholly inclined 
and dedicated to such atchievements, He Host, who, as we 
noted before, was a great giber, and had before gathered 
8om argumoits of the defect of wit in his guest, did wholly 
now perswade himselfe that bis suspicions were true, when 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

he heard hun speake in that manner: and that hee might CHAPTER 
have an occasion of laughter, he resolved to feed his humour in 
that night, and therefore answered him, that he had very Wherein is 
great reason in that which he desired and sought, and that Jfeco^Jited the 
such projects were proper and naturall to Knights of the neTobserJed' 
garbe and worth he seemed to be of : and that he himselfe intheKnight- 
ukewise in his youthfull yeares had followed that honour- ing of Don- 
able exercise, going through divers parts of the world to Quixote, 
seeke fiul ventures, without ejrther omitting the * dangers *P^rchelei. 
of Malaga, the Isles of Riaran, the compasse of Sivill, the 
♦Quicke-silver-house of Segovia, the Olive-field of Valencia, *Axogtu(fo. 
the Circuit of Granada, the wharfe of S. Lucor, the *Potro ^The Potron 
or Cowlt of Cordova, and the little Tavernes of Toledo; of Cordova is 

and many other places, wherein he practised the dexterity ? ^^'J^® 
r i^' V. J J ' !!• •!.• -Jr fountaine 

of his handes, doing many wrongs, somciting many wid- thereon 

dowes, undoing certaine maydens, and deceiving many stands a 
pupils, and finally making himselfe knowne and famous Pegasus: 
m all the Tribunals ancf Courts almost of all Spaine, f^^ ^^* 
and that at last he had retired himselfe to that his ^rTanimU^r 
Castle, where he was sustained with his owne and other of cunny- 
mens goods ; entertayning in it all Knights Errants, of catching 
whatsoever quality and condition they were, onely for the fellows, as 
great affection he bore towards them, and to the end they Humfrev 
might divide with him part of their winnings in recompence at PaulZ 
of his eood will: he added besides, that there was no 
ChappeU in his Castle, wherein he might watch his armes, 
for he had broken it downe to build it up anew : but not- 
withstanding he knew very well, that in a case of neces- 
sity, they might lawfully oe watched in any other place, 
and therefore hee might watch them that night in the base 
Court of the Castle ; for in the morning, and pleased God, 
the ceremonies requisite should be done in such sort, as he 
should remaine a dubbed Ejiight, in so good fashion, as in 
all the world he could not be bettered. He demanded of 
Don-Quixote whether he had any money ? Who answered 
that he had not a blanck, for he had never read in any 
History of Ejiights Errants, that any one of them ever 
carried any money. To this his Hoste replied, that he was 
deceived ; for admit that Histories made no mention thereof, 

87 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER because the authours of them deemed it not necessary to 

^^ expiesse a thmff so manifest, and needfiill to be carried as ^ 
Wherein is was money and cleane shirts : it was not therefore to be * 
"2^^*^« credited, Uiat they had none; and therefore he should hold 
ner obsenred* ^^^ ™^^ certaine and manifest, that all the Knights Errant, 
in the Knight- ^ith the story of whose acts so many bookes are replenished 
ing of Don- and heaped, had their purses well lined for that which might 
Quixote. befall, and did moreover carie with them a little Casket 

of oyntments and salves, to cure the wounds which they 
received ; for they had not the commodity of a Surgeon to 
cure them, every time that they fought abroad in the fields 
and desarts, if they had not by chaunce some wise Enchan- 
ter to their friend, who would presently succour them, 
bringing unto them in some clouae thorow the ayre some 
damzell or dwarfe, with a Violl of water of so great vertue, 
as tastinff one drop therof, they remained as whole of their 
sores ana wounds, as if they hfiul never received any. But 
when they had not that benefite, the Knights of times past 
held it for a very commendable and secure course, that tneir 
Squires should be provided of money and other necessary 
things, as linte, and oyntments for to cure themselves : and 
when it befell that the like Knights had no Squires to 
attend upon them (which hapned but very seldome) then 
would they themselves carie all this provision behinde them 
on their horses, in some slight and!^ subtiU wallets, which 
could scarce be perceived, as a thing of very great con- 
sequence. For it it were not upon such an occasion, the 
cariage of wallets was not very tolerable among Knights 
Errant. And in this respect he did advise him, seeing he 
might yet commaund him as one that by receiving the order 
of Knight-hood at his hands, should very shortly become 
hiB Grod-childe, that he should not travell from thence 
forward without money, and other the preventions he had 
then given unto him ; and he should perceive himselfe how 
behoovefuU they would prove unto him, when he least 
expected it. 

I>on-Quixote promised to accomplish all that he had 
counselled him to doe, with all punctuality ; and so order 
was forthwith iriven how he should watch his armes in a 
88 ** 



1 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

great yard that lay neere unto one side of the Inne : where- CHAPTER 
fore Don-Quixote gathering all his armes together, laid ^^ 

them on a Cisteme that stood neere unto a Well : and Wherein is 
buckline on his Target, he laid hold on his Launce and recounted the 
walked up and downe before the Cisteme very demurely; ^^^^^ 
and when he began to walke, the night likewise be^an to intheKnight- 
locke up the splendor of the day. The In-keeper m the ingof Don- 
meane season recounted to all the rest that lodged in the Quixote. 
Inne the folly of his ffuest, the watching of his armes, and 
the Knighthood whi^ he expected to receive. They all 
fiulmired very much at so strange a kinde of folly, and went 
out to behold him from a farre off, and saw that sometimes 
he pranced too and fro with a quiet gesture ; other times 
leaning upon his Launce he looked upon his armour, with- 
out beholding any other thing save tiis armes for a good 
space. 

The night being shut up at last wholly, but with such 
cleerenesse of the Moone, as it might well compare with 
his brightnesse that lent her her splendor, every thmg which 
our new Knight did, was easily perceived by all the be- 
holders. In tnis season one of the Carriers that lodged in 
the Inne, resolved to water his Mules, and for that purpose 
it was necessary to remoove Don-Quixotes armour that lay 
on the Cesteme ; who seeing him approach, said unto him 
with a loude voice: O thou! whosoever thou beest, bold 
Sjiight, that commest to touch the armour of the most 
valorous adventurer that ever gyrded sword, looke well 
what thou dost, and touch them not, if thou meanest not 
to leave thy life in payment of thy presumption. The 
Carrier meule no account of those words (but it were better 
he had, for it would have redounded to his benefite) but 
rather laying hold on the leatherings, threw the armour a 
prettie way off from him : which beinff perceived by Don- 
Quixote, he lifted up his eyes towards neaven, and address- 
ing his thoughts (as it seemed) to his Lady Dulcinea he 
said, 'Assist me, deere Lady, in this first dangerous scorn 
' and adventure offered to this breast, that is inthralled to 
' thee, and let not thy favour and protection faile me in 
' this my first Traunce.^ And uttering these and other such 

80 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER words, he let slip his Tai^t, and lifting up his Launce with 
^^1 both hands, he paide the Qurrier so round a knocke there- 

Wherein is withall on the pate, as he overthrew him to the ground in so 
re^^ted the gyjjj taking, as if he had seconded it with another, he should 
ner obee^ed" ^^^ hsLve needed any Surgeon to cure him. This being 
in the Knight- ended, he gathered up his armour againe, and laying them 
ing of Don- where they had been oefore, he walked after up and downe 
Quixote. |jy them, with as much quietnesse as he did at the first. 

But very soone after, another Carrier without knowing 
what had hapned (for his companion lay yet in a trance on 
the ground) came also to give his Mules water, and com- 
ming to take away the armes, that he might free the 
Cesteme of encumbrances, and take water the easier : Don- 
Quixote saying nothing, nor imploring favor of his Mistris 
or any other, let slip againe his Target, and lifting his 
Lance, without breaking of it in pieces, made more then 
three on the second Carriers nodale; for he broke it in 
foure places. All the people of the Inne, and amongst 
them tne Host likewise repaired at this time to the noise : 
which Don-Quixote perceiving, imbracing his Target, and 
laying hand on his sword, he said, ' O Lady of all beauty, 
' courage, and vigour of my weakned heart, it is now high 
* time that thou doe convert the eyes of thy greatnesse to 
^ this thy Captive Knight, who doth expect so marveilous 
' great an aaventure.^ Saying thus, he recovered as he 
thought so great courage, that if al the Carriers of the 
world heA assayled him, he would not goe one steppe 
backward. The wounded mens fellowes, seeing them so 
evill dight, from a farre off began to raine stones on Don- 
Quixote, who did defend himselfe the best he might with 
his Target, and durst not depart from the Cesteme, lest 
he should seeme to abandon his armes. The Inkeeper 
cryed to them to let him alone; for he had already in- 
formed them that he was roadde, and for such a one would 
scape soot-free although he had slaine them all. Don- 
Quixote likewise cryed out lowder, termine them all dis- 
loyall men and traytors, and that the Lord of the Castle was 
a treacherous and badde Knight, seeing he consented that 
Knights Errant should be so basely used ; and that if he 
40 



> 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

had not yet received the order of Ejiighthood, he would CHAPTER 
make him understand his treason, 'but of you base and m 

* rascally Eenell (quoth he) I make no reckoning at all : Wherein is 

* throw at me, approach, draw neare, and doe me all the recounted the 

* hurt vou may, for you shall ere long perceive tiie reward ^ ^^^^senJed" 

* you shall cane for this your madnesse and outrage/ Which hftheKnight- 
wordes he spoke with so great spirit and boldnesse, as hee ing of Don- 
stroke a terrible feare into all those that assault^ him : Quixote, 
and therefore moved both by it, and the Inkeepers per- 
swasions, they left off throwing stones at him, ana he per- 
mitted them to carie away the wounded men, and returned 

to the guard of his armes, with as great quietnesse and 
gravity, as he did at the beginning. 

The Inkeeper did not like very much these jests of 
his guest, and therefore he determined to abbreviate, and 

S've him the unfortunate order of Ejiighthood forthwith, 
^fore some other disaster befell : and with this resolution 
comming unto him, he excused himselfe of the insolencies 
those base fellowes had used to him, without his privity 
or consent, but their rashnesse, as he said, remayned well 
chastised: He added how he had already told unto him, 
that there was no Chappel in his Castel, and that for what 
yet rested unperfected of their intention, it was not neces- 
sary, because the chiefe point of remayning Knighted, con<- 
sisted chiefly in blowes of the necke and shoulders, as he 
had read in the ceremoniall booke of the order, and that, 
that might be given in the very midst of the fieldes ; and 
that he nfiul already accomplished the obligation of watching 
his armes, which with only two houres watch might be 
fiilfild ; how much more after having watched foure, as he 
hcul done. All this Don-Quixote beleeved, and therefore 
answered, that he was most ready to obey him, and re- 
quested him to conclude with all the brevity possible : for 
if he saw himselfe Ejiighted, and were once againe assaulted, 
he meant not to leave one person alive in all the Castle, 
except those which the Constable should command, whom 
he would spare for his sake. 

The Constable being thus advertised, and fearefull that 
he would put this his deliberation in execution, brought 

F 41 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER out a booke presently, wherein he was wont to write down 
in the accounts of the straw and Barley, which he delivered 
Wherein is from time to time, to such Carriers as lodged in his Inne, 
recounted the for their beasts : and with a but of a cancUe which a boy 
HOTobMnred' ^^^^ ^S^^S ^ ^^ *^^d before him, accompanied by the 
intheKnight- ^^ damzels above mentioned, he came to I)on-Quixote, 
ing of Don- whom he commanded to kneele upon his knees, and reading 
Quixote. in his Manual (as it seemed some devout Orison) he held 

up his hand in the midst of the Lecture, and gave him a 
good blow on the necke, and after that gave him another 
trimme thwacke over the shoulders with his owne sword 
(alwayes murmuring something betweene the teeth as if he 
prayed) this being done, he commanded one of the Ladies 
to gyrd on his sword which shee did with a singular good 
grace and dexterity, which was much, the matter being of 
it selfe so ridiculous, as it wanted but little to make a 
man burst for laughter at every passage of the Ceremonies : 
but the prowesse which they had already beheld in the new 
Ejiight, did limit and conteun their deught at the gyrding 
on of his sword : the good Lady said, God make you a 
fortunate Knight, and eive you ffood successe in all your 
debates. Don-Quixote demaunded then how she was called, 
that he might thenceforward know to whom he was so 
much obliged for the feivour received ? And she answered 
with great buxomnes, that she was named Tolosa, and was 
a Botchers daughter of Toledo, that dwelt in the Bewes of 
Sancho Ben^a, and that she would ever honour him as 
her Lord. Don-Quixote replied, requesting her for his sake 
to call her selfe from thenceforth the LaSy Tolosa, which 
she promised him to performe. The other Lady buckled 
on his spurre, with whom he had the very like confer- 
ence; and asking her name, she told him shee was called 
Molinera, and was daughter to an honest Miller of Ante- 

auera: her likewise our Knight intreated to call her selfe 
lie Lady Molinera, proffering her new services and favours. 
The new and never-seene before Ceremonies being thus 
speedily finished, as it seemed with a gallop, Don-Quixote 
could not rest untill he were mounted on horse-backe, that 
hee might goe to seeke adventures; wherefore causing 
42 



I 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Bozinante to be instantly sadled, he leaped on him, and CHAPTER 
imbracing his Hoste, he said unto him sucn strance things, lU 

«mti^ng the favour bee had done him in dubbing him Whei^n is 
Knight, as it is impossible to hit upon the manner of recoonted tb« 
recounting them right The Inkeeper, that hee might SiTSwrod" 
be quickly rid of him, did answere his wordes with othen in tlieKniriit- 
no lesse rethoricall, but was in bis speech somewhat ing of Don- 
briefer; and without demandinjg of him any Quixote, 
thing for his lodging, he suffered him to 
depart in a fortunate houre. 



CHAPTER nil 

Of that which befell to our Knight, after he had 
departed from the Inne. 

URORA began to display her beauties 
about the time that Don-Quixote issued 
out of the Inne, so content, lively, and 
jocund to behold himselfe Knighted, as 
his very horse-gyrts were ready to burst 
for joy: but calling to memory the 
counsels that his Hoste had given him, 
touching the most needful! implements 
that he was ever to carie about him, of money and cleane 
shirts, he determined to retume to his house, and to pro- 
vide himselfe of them, and also of a Squire ; making account 
to intertaine a certaine labourer his neighbour, who was 
poore, and had children, but yet one very fit for this 
purpose, and Squirely function, belonging to Knighthood. 
With this determination he turned Rozinantc towards the 
way of his owne vill»^, who knowing in a manner his will, 
began to trot on with so good a will, as he seemed not to 
touch the ground. Me had not travelled farre, when he 
thought that he heard certaine weake and delicate cryes, 
like to those of one that complayned, to issue out from the 

43 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER thickest of a wood that stood on the right hand. And 
IIII scarce had he heard them when he said, ' I render infinite 
Of that which < thankes to heaven for the favor it doth me, by proffering 
Well to our < j^g gQ goone occasions, wherein I may accomplisn the duety 
he Sd de- ' * ®^ ™y Profession, and gather the fruits of my good desires : 
parted from ^ these plaints doubtlesly be of some distressed man or 
the Inne. ' woman, who needeth my favor and ayde."* Then turning 

the raynes, he guided nozinante towards the place from 
whence he thought the complaints sallied; ana within a 
few paces, after he had entred into the thicket, he saw a 
Mare tyed unto an Holme Oake, and to another was tyed a 
young Youth all naked from the middle upward of about 
the age of fifteene yeares, and was he that cried so pitti- 
fuUy : and not without cause ; for a certaine Countriman of 
comely personage did whip him with a girdle, and accom- 
panied every blow with a reprehension and counsell, for he 
said : The tongue must peace, and the eyes be warie : and 
the boy answered, I will never doe it againe, good Master ; 
for the passion of God, I will never doe it againe. And I 
promise to have more care of your things from henceforth. 

But Don-Quixote viewing all that passed, said with an 
angry voice, * Discourteous Sjiight, it is very uncomely to 
^ see thee deale thus with one that cannot defend himselfe, 
^ mount therefore a horse-backe, and take thy' Launce (for 
' the Farmer heA also a Launce leaning to the very same 
* tree, whereunto his Mare was tied) for I will make thee 
^ know, that it is the use of Cowards to doe that which 
^ thou dost.^ The other beholding such an Anticke to 
hover over him, all laden with armes, and brandishing of 
his Launce towards his face, made full account that hee 
should be slaine, and therefore he answered with very milde 
and submissive words, saying : Sir Knight, the boy which I 
chastise, is mine owne servant, and keepeth for me a ilocke 
of sheepe in this Commarke ; who is growne so negligent, 
as hee loseth one of them every other day, and because I 
correct him for his carelesnesse and knavery, he sayes I 
doe it through covetousnesse and pinching, as meaning to 
defraud him of his wages ; but before God and in conscience 
he belies me. ^ What ? The lie, in my presence rascally 
44 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

* clowne ? Quoth Don-Quixote, By the Sunne that shmes CHAPTER 

* on us, I am about to runne thee thorow and thorow with ^^ 

^ my Launce base Carle; pay him instantly without more Of that which 

* replying, or else by that Grod which doth mannage our ^^?H **^ ^ 

* sublunar affaires, I will conclude thee and annihilate thee he^^ d^' 
' in a moment ; loose him forthwith.^ The Countrey-man parted from 
hanging downe of his head, made no replie, but loosed his the Inne. 
servant ; of whom Don-Quixote demaunaed how much did 

his Master owe unto him ? Hee said. Nine moneths hire, 
at seven Reals a moneth. Don-Quixote made then the 
account, and found that all amount^ to seventy and three 
Reals, and therfore commanded the Farmer to pay the money 
presently, if he meaned not to die for it. The fearefuU 
Countrey-man answered, that by the trance wherein he was 
then, and by the oath he had made (which was none at all, 
for hee swore not) that he ought not so much : for there 
should bee deduct^ out of the accounts three paire of shoes 
he had given unto him, and a Reall for twise letting him 
bloud, &ing sicke. All is well, quoth Don-Quixote: but 
let the price of the shoes and letting bloud, goe for the 
blowes which thou hast given him without any desert ; for 
if he have broken the leather of those shoes thou hast 
bestowed on him, thou hast likewise tome the skinne of his 
body ; and if the Barber tooke away his bloud being sicke, 
thou hast taken it out, he being in health ; so as in that 
respect he owes thee nothing. The damage is. Sir Knight, 
replied the boyes Master, that I have no money here about 
me. Let Andrew come with me to my house, and I 
will pay him his wages, one Reall upon another. I goe 
with him ? (quoth the boy) Evill befall me then. No 
Sir, I never meant it ; for as soone as ever he were alone, he 
woud flay me like S. Bartholomew. He will not dare to 
doe it, quoth Don-Quixote, for my commaund is sufficient to 
make him respect me ; and so that he will sweare to me to 
observe it by the order of Knighthood which he hath 
received, I will set him free, and assure thee of the pay- 
ment. Good Sir, quoth the youth, marke well what you 
say, for this man my Master is no Knight, nor did ever 
receive any order of Knighthood ; for he is lohn Haldudo 

45 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER the rich man, a dweller of Quintanar. That makes no 
^^^ matter, quoth Don-Quixote, for there may be Knights of 
Of that which the Haldudos: and what is more, every one is sonne of his 
Well to OUT workes. Hiatus true, quoth Andrew, but of what workes 
^'^ '^^ can this my Master be sonne, seeing he denies me my wages, 
parted from Ai^d my sweate and labour ? I doe not denie thy wages, 
the Inne. friend Andrew, quoth his Master; doe me but the pleasure 

to come with me, and I sweare by all the orders of Knight- 
hood that are in the world, to pay thee as I have said, one 
Reall upon another, yea and those also perfumed. *For the 
^ perfuming I thanke thee, quoth Don-Quixote, give it him 
^ in Reals, and with that I will rest satisfied ; and see that 
^ thou fuljfillest it as thou hast swome : if not, I sweare 
^ againe to thee by the same oath, to retume and search thee, 
^ and chastise thee, and I will finde thee out, though thou 
' didst hide thy selfe better then a Lizarde : and if thou 

* desirest to note who commaunds thee this, that thou mayest 

* remaine more firmely obliged to accomplish it, know 
^ that I am the valorous Don-Quixote of the Mancha, the 

* righter of wrongs, and imdoer of injuries, and so farewell : 

* and doe not forget what thou hast promised and swome 

* on paine of the paines already pronounced.'* And saying 
these wordes, he spurred Rozinante, and in short space was 
got farre off from them. The Countrey-man pursued him 
with his eye, and perceiving that he was past the wood and 
quite out of sight, he returned to his man Andrew, and said 
to him. Come to me, child, for I will pay thee what I owe 
thee, as that righter of wrongs hath Jien; me commanded. 
That I sweare, quoth Andrew, and you shall deale discreetely 
in fulfilling that good Ejiights commaundement, who I pray 
Grod may live a thousand yeares : for seeing he is so valorous 
and so just a ludge, I sweare by Rocquc, that if you pay 
me not, he shall retume and execute what he promised. I 
also doe sweare the same, quoth the Farmer, but in respect 
of the great affection I beare unto thee, I wil augment the 
debt, to increase the payment ; and catching the youth by 
the arme, he tied him againe to the Oakc, where he gave 
him so many blowes as he left him for dead. Call now, 
Master Andrew (quoth he) for the righter of wrongs, and 

46 



1] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

thou shalt see that he cannot undo this, although I beleeve CHAPTER 
it is not yet ended to be done. For I have yet a desire to Iin 
flea thee alive, as thou didst thy selfe feare. Notwithstand- Of that which 
ing all these threats, he untied him at last, and gave him befell to our 
leave to goe seeke out his ludge ; to the end he might f*^^* j*^' 
execute the sentence pronounced. Andrew departed some parted fi^ 
what discontent, swearing to search for the valorous Don- the Inne. 
Quixote of the Mancha, and recount unto him point for 
point, all that had past, and that he should pay the abuse 
with usury: but for all his threats he departed weeping, 
and his Master remained behind laughing; and in this 
manner the valorous Don-Quixote redressed that wrong. 

Who glad above measure for his successe, accounting 
himselfe to have given a most noble beginning to his feats 
of armes, did travell towards his village, with very great 
satisfisustion of himselfe, and said in a low tune these words 
ensuing : ^ Well maist thou call thy selfe happy above all 
' other women of the earth, O ! above all beauties, beautifiill 
' Dulcinea of Toboso, since thy good fortune was such, to 
' hold subject and prostrate to thy will and desire so valiant 

* and renouned a Eniffht as is, and ever shall be, Don- 

* Quixote of the Mancna : who, as all the world knowes, 
^ received the order of Sjiighthood but yesterday, and hath 

* destroyed to day the greatest outrage and wrong that 

* want of reason could forme, or cruelty commit. To day 
' did he take away the whip out of that pittilesse enemies 

* hand, which did so cruelly scourge without occasion the 

* delicate infant^ 

In this discourse he aimed to a way which divided it selfe 
into foure: and presently these thwarting crosse-wayes repre- 
sented themselves to his imagination, which oft-tunes held 
Knights Errant in suspence, which way they should take ; 
and that hee might imitate them, he stood still a while, and 
after he had bethought himselfe well, he let slip the raines to 
Rozinante, subjecting his will to that of his horse, who pre- 
sently pursued his first designe, which was, to retume home 
unto his owne stable : and having travelled some two miles, 
Don-Quixote discovered a great troupe of people, who, as it 
was after knowne, were certaine Merchants of Toledo, that 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER rode towards Murda to buy silkes : they were sixe in number, 
ini and came with their ^Quitasoles or shadowes of the Sunne, 
Of that which foure Serving-men a horse-backe, and three Lackeyes. 
Well to our Scarce had Don-Quixote perceived them, when he straight 
S"^*d^' imagined them to be a new adventure: and because he 
parted from woiud imitate as much as was possible, the passages which 
the Inne. he read in his bookes, he represented this to himselfe, to be 
*A thing just such an adventure as ne purposed to atchieve. And 
made like a^ so with comely gesture and hardinesse, setling himselfe well 

imbraced 

..«,.^^.„v^ the way, 

keepe awajT ^^ stood awayting when those Knights Errant should arrive ; 
the Sumie. for now hee judged and tooke them for such : and when they 

were so neare as they might heare and see him, he lifted up 
his voyce, and said, ^Let all the world stand and passe 
^ no fiurther, if all the world will not confesse, that there 
^ is not in all the world a more beautifull damzell then 
^ the Empresse of the Mancha, the peerelesse Dulcinea of 
^ Toboso.'' The Merchants stayed at these words, to behold 
the marvellous and ridiculous shape of him that spake 
them, and by his fashion and them joynd, did inconti- 
nently gather his folly and distraction, and notwithstanding 
would leisurely behold to what tended that confession which 
he exacted of them ; and therefore one of them who was 
somewhat given to gibing, and was withall very discreete, 
said unto him. Sir Xjiight, we doe not know that good Lady 
of whom you speake ; shew her therefore to us, and if she 
be so beautiful as you affirme, we will willingly and without 
any compulsion confesse the truth, which you now demaund 
of us. if I did shew her to you, replied Don-Quixote, what 
mastrie were it then for you to acknowledge a truth so 
notorious ? The consequence of mine affairs consists in 
this, that without beholding her, you doe beleeve, confesse, 
affirme, sweare, and defend it ; wmch if you refuse to per- 
forme, I challenge you all to battell, proud and unreasonable 
folke, and whether you come one by one (as the order of 
Knighthood requires) or all at once, as is the custome and 
dishonourable practice of men of your broode: here will 
I expect and awaite you all, trusting in the reason which I 
48 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

have on my side. Sir Knight, replied the Merchant, I re- ; CHAPTER 

quest you in all these Princes names, as many as we be mi 

here, that to the end we may not burden our consciences. Of that which 

confessing a thing which we never beheld nor heard, and ^^?^lj^®ij' 

chiefly being so prejudidall to the Empresses and Queenes i^J^^ ^e- ' 

of the Eingdomes of Alcania and Estremadura, you will parted from 

please to shew us some portraiture of that Lady, although the Inne. 

it be no bigger then a graine of Wheate ; for by one thread 

we may ju^e of the whole dew, and we will with this 

favor rest secure and satisfied, and you likewise remaine 

content and appaide. And I doe beleeve moreover that we 

are already so inclined to your side, that although her 

picture shewed her to be bhnde of the one eye, and that 

Vermillion distilled from the other were brimstone, yet we 

would notwithstanding, to please you, say in her favour all 

that you listed. There drops not, infamous Eenell, quoth 

Don-Quixote, all inflamed with choler; there drops not, I 

say, from her that which thou sayest, but Amber and Civet, 

among bombase; and she is not olinde of an eye, or crooke- 

backt, but is straighter then a spindle of Guadarama : but 

all of you together shall pay for the great blasphemy thou 

hast spoken against so immense a beautie, as is that of my 

Mistr^se. And saying so, he abased his Launce against him 

that had answered, with such furie and anger, as if good 

fortune had not so ordayned it, that Rozinante should 

stumble, and fal in the midst of the Carrier, it had gone 

very ill with the bolde Merchant. Rozinante fell in fine, 

and his Master reeled over a good piece of the field : and 

though he attempted to arise, yet was he never able, he was 

so encumbred by his Launce, Target, Spurs, Helmet, and 

his wdghty olde armour. And in the meane while that he 

strived to arise and could not, he cried, Flie not, cowardly 

folke : abide, base people, abide ; for I lie not here through 

mine owne fault, but tnrough the defect of my horse. 

One of the Lackeyes which came in the company, and 
seemed to be a man of none of the best intentions, hearing 
the poore overthrowne Knight speak such insolent words, 
could not forbeare them, without returning him an answer 
on his ribbes : and with that intention approaching to him 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER he tooke his Launce, and after he had broken it in pieces, 
nn he gave Don-Quixote so many blowes with one of them, 
Of that which that in despite of his armour he threshed him like a sheafe 
^^to<^ of wheate. His Masters cried to him, commanding him 
he^^A^Ae^ not to beate him so much, but that he should leave him : 
parted from ^^^ ^ would not serve, for the youth was anery, and 
the Inne. would not leave off the play untill he had avoyded the rest 

of his choler. And therefore running for the other pieces 
of the broken Launce, he broke them all on the miserable 
falne Knight, who for all the tempest of blowes that rained 
on him, did never shut his mouth, but threatned heaven 
*Makmdrine8. and earth, and those * Murderers ; for such they seemed to 

him. The Lackey tyred himselfe at last, ana the Mer- 
chants followed on their way, carrying with them occasion 
enough of talke of the poore belaboured Knight: who 
when he saw himselfe alone, turned againe to make tryall 
whether he might arise ; but if he could not doe it when 
he was whole and sound, how was it possible he being 
so brused and almost destroyed? And yet he accounted 
*Brumado. himselfe very happy, perswading himselfe that his disgrace 

was proper and incident to Knights Errant, and did attri- 
bute all the fault to his horse, and could in no 
wise get up, all his body was so * bruised 
and loaden with blowes. 



fiO 





I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER V 

Wherem is prosecuted the former Narration of 
our Knights misfortunes. 

[UT Beeiiw in effect that he could not ttirre 
himBelfe, he resolved to have recourse 
to his ordinate remedy, which was, to 
thinke on some passage of his Histories, 
and in the instant his folly presented to 
his memory that of Valdovinos, and the 
Marauesse of Mantua, then when Carloto 
had left him wounded in the mountaine. 
A History knowne by children, not hidden to young men, 
much celeorated, yea, and beleeved by many olde men; and 
yet for all that no more authenticaU, then are Mahomets 
miracles. This History as it seemed to him, was most fit 
for the traunce wherein bee was, and therefore he b^an with 
signes of great paine to tumble up and downe, and pro- 
nounce with a languishing breath tne same that they iatne 
the wounded Knignt to luive said in the wood : 

Wbere art Qiou I^dy deere ! thftt eriev'at Dot aX my amsTt ? 
Or thou doat it not know, or thou oialoyBll aiL 

And after this manner be did prosecute the olde song untill 
these verses that say : O noble Marquesse of Mantua, my 
camall Lord and unkle. And it befell by chance that 
at the vety some time there past by the place where he lay 
a man of his owne village, who was nis neighbor, and 
returned after having carried a loade of wheate to the 
mill: who beholding a man stretched on the ground, he 
came over to him, and demaunded what he was, and what 
was it that caused him to complaine so dolefully p Don- 
Quixote did verily beleeve that it was his uncle the Mar- 
quesse of Mantua; and so gave him no other answer, but 
only followed on in the repetition of his old Romaunce, 

61 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER wherein he gave him account of his disgrace, and of the 
V love the Emperours sonne bore to his Spouse, all in the veiy 

Wherein is same manner that the Ballad recounts it. The labourer 
prosecuted remained much astonished, hearing those follies; and 
Ni^^nof ^^^"g off ^8 vizard, which with the Lackeys blowes was 
our Knights broken all to pieces, he wiped his face that was full of 
misfortunes, poulder ; and scarce had he done it when he knew him, to 

whom he said; Master Quixada, (for so he was probably 
called when he had his wits, before he left the state of 
a staide Yeoman, to become a wandring Knight) who 
hath used you after this manner? But he continued his 
Romance, answering out of it, to every question that was 

Eut to him. Which the good man perceiving, disarmed 
im the best he could, to see whether he had any wound, 
but he could see no bloud, or any token on him of hurt. 
Afterward he endevoured to raise him from the ground; 
which he did at last with much adoo ; and mounted him 
on his Asse, as a beast of easiest carriage. He gathered 
then together all his armes, and left not behind so much as 
the splinters of the Lance, and tied them all together upon 
Rozinante, whom he tooke by the bridle, and the Asse by 
his halter, and led them both in that Equipage faire and 
easily towards his village, being very pensative to heare 
the follies that Don-Quixote spoke. 

And Don-Quixote was no lesse Melancholy, who was so 
beaten and bruised, as he could very hardly hold him- 
selfe upon the Asse ; and ever and anon he breathed forth 
such grievous sighes, as he seemed to fixe them in heaven ; 
which mooved his neighbour to intreat them againe to 
declare unto him the cause of his griefe. And it seemes 
none other, but that the very Devill himselfe did call to 
his memorie. Histories accommodated to his successes. For 
in that instant, wholly forgetting Valdovinos, he remembred 
the Moore Abindaraez, then, when the Constable of Ante- 
quera, Rodericke Narvaez, had taken him, and carried him 
prisoner to his Castle. So that when his neighbour turned 
againe, to aske of him how hee did, and what ailed him, 
hee answered the very same words and speech that Captive 
Abencerrase said to Narvaez, just as he had read them 
5S 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in Diana of Montemayor, where the Historic is written ; CHAFFER 
applying it so properiy to his purpose, that the Labourer V 

grew ahnost mad for anger, to heare that Macfaina of follies; Wherein is 
by which hee collected that his neighbour was distracted, prosecuted 
and therefore hee hied as fast as possible he could to the Nma^rof 
village, that so he might free himselfe from the vexation our Knights 
that Don-Quixotes idle and prolixe discourse gave unto him. misfortunes. 
At the end whereof the Knight said, Don Rodericke of 
Narvaez, you shall understand that this beautifull Xarifa, 
of whom I spolce, is now the faire Dulcinea of Toboso, 
for whom I have done, I doe, and will doe such famous acts 
of Knighthood, as ever have beene, are, and shall be scene 
in all the world. To this his neighbour answered, Doe not 
you perceive. Sir, (sinner that I am) how I am neyther Don 
Kodericke de Narvaez, nor the Marquesse of Mantua, but 
Peter Alonso your neighbour ? nor are you Valdovinos, nor 
Abindaraez, but the honest Grentleman Master Quixada. I 
know very well who I am, quoth Don-Quixote, and also I 
know that I may not onely oe those whom I have named, 
but also all the twelve Peeres of France ; yea, and the nine 
Worthies, since mine acts shall surpasse all those tiiat ever 
they did together, or every one of tnem apart. 

With these, and such other Discourses, thev arrived at 
last at their Village about Sunne-set ; but the Labourer 
awayted untill it waxed somewhat darke, because folke 
should not view the Knight so simply mounted. And when 
he saw his time, he entred into the Towne, and went 
to Don-Quixotes house, which he found full of confusion. 
There was the Curate and the Barber of the Village, both 
of them Don-Quixotes great friends. To whom the old 
woman of the house said in a lamentable manner. What doe 
you thinke. Master Licendate Pero Perez, (for so the Curate 
was called) of my Masters misfortune ? These sixe dayes, 
neyther he nor his horse have appeared, nor the Target, 
Lance, or Armour: unfortunate woman that I am, I doe 
suspect, and I am as sure it is true, as that I shall dye; 
how those accursed bookes of Knighthood which he hath, 
and is wont to read ordinarily, have turned his judgement; 
for now I remember that I have heard him say oftentimes, 

68 



CBAITBR 
V 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the former 
Nsrrstion of 
our Knights 
misfortunes. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

(speaking to himselfe) that he would become a Knight 
Errant, and goe seeke adventures throughout the world Let 
such books bee recommended to Sathan and Barrabas, which 
have destroyed in this sorte the most delicate understanding 
of all the Mancha. His Niese affirmed the same, and dia 
adde, Moreover you shall understand, good Master Nicholas 
(for so hight the Barber) that it many times befell my 
unkle to continue the Lecture of those unhappy bookes of 
disventures two dayes and two nights together. At the end 
of which, throwing the booke away from him, hee would 
lay hand on his sword ; and would fall a slashing of the 
walls : and when hee were wearied, he would say that he had 
slayne foure Giants, as ereat as foure Towres, and the sweat 
that dropped downe through the labour hee tooke, hee 
would say was bloud that gushed out of those wounds which 
he had received in the conmct, and then would hee ouaffe off 
a great pot full of colde water, and straight hee did become 
whole and auiet, saying, that water was a most precious 
drinke, whioi the wise man Esquife, a great Inchanter or 
Sorcerer, and his friend had brought unto him. But I am 
in the fault of all this, who never advertised you both of 
mine Uncles raving, to the end you mieht have redrest it, 
ere it came to these termes, and burnt all those excommuni- 
cated bookes ; for hee had many that deserved the fire as 
much as if they were Heretic^. That doe I likewise 
affirme, quoth B^Lter Curate, and in sooth to morrow shall 
not passe over us, without making a publique processe 
against them, and condemne them to bee burned in the 
fire, that they may not minister occasion againe to such 
as may reade them, to doe that which I feare my good friend 
hath done. 

The labourer, and Don-Quixote stood hearing all that 
which was said, and then hee perfectly understood tne disease 
of his neighbour; and therefore he began to cry aloude: 

a^en the doores to Lord Valdovinus, and to the Lord 
arquesse of Mantua, who comes very sore wounded and 
hurt, and to the Lord Moore Abindaraez, whom the valorous 
Rodericke of Narvaez Constable of Antequera brings as 
his prisoner. All the housholde ranne out, hearing these 
64 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

cries, and some knowing their friend; the others their CHAPTER 
Master and Unde, who had not yet alighted from the Asse, ^ 

because hee was not able, they ranne to embrace him ; but Wherein is 
he forbad them, saying, Stand still, and touch me not, for SJ^T^tJ 
I retume very sore wounded and hurt through default of {Narration of 
my horse : carie me to my bed, and if it be possible send our Knights 
for the wise Urganda, that shee may cure and looke to my misfortunes, 
hurts. See, in an ill houre (quoth the old woman straight- 
way) if my heart did not very well foreteU me on which 
foot my Master halted : come up in good time, for we shall 
know how to cure you well enouch, without sending for 
that Urganda you have mentionea. Accursed, say I once 
againe, and a hundred times accursed may those bookes of 
luiighthood bee which have brought you to such estate. 
WiUi that they bore him up to his bed, and searching for 
his wounds, could not finde any ; and then he said, all was 
but bruising, by reason of a great fall hee had with his horse 
Rozinante, as ne fought with tenne Giants, the most un- 
measurable and boldest that might be found in a great part 
of the earth. Hearken, quoth the Curate, we nave also 
Giants in the dance ; by mme honesty I will bume them all 
before to morrow at night. Then did they aske a thousand 

auestions of Don-Quixote, but he would answere to none of 
bem ; and onely requested them to give him some meate, 
and suffer him to sleepe, seeing rest was most behooveful for 
him. All which was aone, and the Curate informed himselfe 
at large of the labouring man, in what sort he had found 
Don-Quixote ; which he recounted to him, and also the follies 
hee said, both at his finding and bringing to towne ; which did 
kindle more earnestly t£e Licenciats desire to doe what 
he had resolved the next day ; which was, to call his 
friend the Barber M. Nicholas, with whom he 
came to Don-Quixotes house. 



56 




THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 



CHAPTER VI 

Of the pleasant and curious search made by 
the Curate and the Barber, of Don- 
Quixotes Library. 

HO slept yet soundly. The Curate sought 
for tne Keyes of uie Library, the onely 
authors of his hanne : which the Gentle- 
mans Niese gave unto him very willingly. 
All of them entred into it, and among 
the rest the olde woman, wherein they 
found more then a hundred great volumes, 
and those verie well bound, beside the 
small ones. And as soone as the old woman had seene them, 
shee departed very hastily out of the chamber, and efl- 
soones returned with as great speed, with a holy-water pot 
and a sprinckler in her hand, and said, Hold, M. Licenciat, 
and spnnckle this chamber all about, lest there should liu*ke 
in it some one Inchanter of the many which these bookes 
containe, and bewitch us in reviling of the many paines wee 
meane to inflict on these bookes, By banishing them out of 
this world. The simplicity of the goode olde woman, caused 
the Licentiat to laugh ; who commanded the Barber to 
fetch him downe the oookes from their shelves, one by one, 
that hee might peruse their arguments ; for it might happen 
some to be found, which in no sort deserved to be chastised 
with fire. No, replyed the Niese, no, you ought not to 
pardon any of them, seeing they have ail beene wendors ; it 
IS better vou throw them all into the base court, and there 
make a pile of them, and then set them a fire ; if not, they 
may be carried into the yard, and there make a bon-fire of 
them, and the smoake will offend nobody. The old woman 
said as much, both of them thirsted so much for the death 
of these innocents, but the Curate would not condiscend 
66 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

thereto, untill he had first read the titles at the least of CHAPTER 
everie booke. VI 

The first that Master Nicholas put into his hands, was Of the 
that of Amadis of Gauk ; which the Curate perusing a pleawnt and 
while, This comes not to me first of aU others, without some ^^^A? 
mysterie : for as I have heard tolde, this is the first booke of Curate and 
Knighthood that ever was printed in Spaine, and all the the Barber, 
others have had their beginning and originall from this; ofDon- 
and therefore me thinkes that we must condemne him to Qv^<>^^ 
the fire, without all remission, as the Dogmatizer and head ^''"^• 
of so badde a sect. Not so, fie, quoth the Barber, for I have 
heard that it is the very best contrived booke of all those 
of that kinde, and therefore he is to be pardoned as the onely 
complete one of his profession. That is true, replied the 
Curate, and for that reason we doe give him his life for this 
time. Let us see that other which lies next unto him. It 
is, quoth the Barber, Tfie Adventures of Splandian, Amadis 
of Gaules lawfully begotten sonne : Yet on mine honesty, 
replyed the Curate, his fathers goodnesse shall nothing 
availe him : Take this booke, old Masters, and opening the 
window throw it downe into the yard, and let it lay the 
foundation of our heape for the fire we meane to make. 
She did what was commaunded, with great alacrity, and so 
the good Splandian fledde into the yard, to expect with all 
patience the fire which he was threatned to abide. For- 
ward, quoth the Curate. This that comes now, said the 
Barber, is Amadis of Greece, and as I conjecture, all those 
that lie on this side, are of the same linage of Amadis. 
Then let them go all to the yard, quoth the Curate, in 
exchange of burning Queene Pintiquinestra, and the sheep- 
heard Darinel, with his Eglogues, and the subtile and intri- 
cate Discourses of the Author, which are able to intangle 
the father that ingendred me, if he went in forme of a 
Knight Errant. I am of the same opinion, quoth the 
Barber, and I also, said the Niese. Then since it is so, 
quoth* the old wife, let them come, and to the yard with 
them all. They were rendred all up unto her, which were 
many in number : wherefore to save a labour of going up 
and downe the staires, she threw them out at the window. 

H 67 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Of the 
pleasant and 
curious search 
made by the 
Curate and 
the Barber, 
of Don- 
Quixotes 
library. 



«Athiefe 
that used to 
steale cattell 
and pull them 
backewardby 
the tayles, 
that none 
might trace 
them. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

What bundle is that? quoth the Curate. This is, 
answered Master Nicholas, Don Olivante of Laura, The 
authour of that booke, quoth the Curate, composed like- 
wise The Garden of JlawerSy and in good sooth I can scarce 
resolve which of the two workes is truest, or to speake 
better, is lesse Ijring: onely this much I can determine; 
that this must goe to the yard, being a booke foolish and 
arrogant. This that foUowes is Florismarie of Hircania, 
quoth the Barber. Is Lord Florismarte there? Then 
replied the Curate, Then by mine honesty hee shall briefly 
make his arrest in the yanl, in despite of his wonderfuU 
birth and famous adventures ; for the drouth and harshnesse 
of his stile deserves no greater favour. To the yard with 
him, and this other (Good Masters.) With a very good 
will. Sir, quoth old Mumpsimus ; and straightway did exe- 
cute his commaundement with no small gladnesse. This is 
Sir PUdyr (quoth the Barber.) It is an ancient booke, 
replyed the Curate, wherein I finde nothing meriting pardon, 
let him without any replie keepe company with the rest. 
Forthwith it was done. Then was another book opened, 
and they saw the title thereof to be The Knight of the 
Croese. For the holy title which this booke beareth, quoth 
the Curate, his ignorance might be pardoned : but it is 
a common saying : ^ The Divell lurkes behind the Crosse ^ : 
wherefore let it goe to the fire. The Barber taking another 
booke, said. This is The Mirraur of Knighthood. I know 
his Worship well, quoth the Curate. There goes among 
those bookes I see, the Lord RaynaJd of Montalban with 
his friends and companions, all of them greater theeves then 
Cacus,* and the twelve Peeres of Fraunce, with the true 
Historiographer Turpin. I am in truth about to condemne 
them only to exile, for as much as they containe some part 
of the famous Poet Matthew Boyardo his invention. Out 
of which the Christian Poet Lodovicke Ariosto did likewise 
weave his worke, which if I can find among these, and that 
hee speakes not his ownc native tongue, I le use him with 
no respect, but if hee talke in his owne language, I will put 
him for honours sake on my head. If that be so, quoth 
the Barber, I have him at home in the Italian, but cannot 

58 



I 



1] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

understand him. Neither were it good you should under- CHAPTER 
stand him, replied the Curate, and here we would willingly ^^ 

have excused the good Captaine that translated it into Of the 
Spanish from that labour, or bringing it into Spaine if it P^^^^ant and 
had pleased himselfe. For he hath deprived it of much ^^e^^H^ 
naturall worth in the translation ; a fault incident to all Curate and 
those that presume to translate Verses out of one language the Barber, 
into another : for thoueh they imploy all their industry and jf pon- 
wit therein, they can never airive to the height of that gj^ 
Primitive conceit, which they bring with them in their first ^^* 
birth. I say therefore that this Booke, and all the others 
that majr be found in this Library to treate of French 
affaires, be cast and deposited in some drie Vault, untill wee 
may determine with more deliberation what wee should doe 
with them : alwayes excepting Bernardo del Carpio^ which 
must be there among the rest, and another called Ronces- 
vcUles; for these two comming to my handes, shall be 
rendred up to those of the old guardian, and from hers into 
the fires, without any remission. All which was confirmed 
by the Barber, who did ratifie his sentence, holding it for 
good and discreete, because hee knew the Curate to bee so 
vertuous a man, and so great a friend of the truth, as hee 
would say nothing contrary to it for all the goods of the 
world. 

And then opening another booke, he saw it was Pal' 
merin de Oliva^ neere unto which stood another, intituled 
Palmerin qf England : which the Licenciat perceiving, said. 
Let Oliva bee presently rent in pieces, and burned in such 
sort, that even the very ashes thereof may not bee found : 
and let Palmerin qf England be preserved, as a thing rarely 
delectable, and let such another boxe as that which Alex- 
ander found among Darius spoyles, and deputed to keepe 
Homers works, be made for it : for, gossip, ttiis booke hath 
sufficient authority for two reasons; the first, because of 
it selfe it is very good and excellently contrived : the other, 
for as much as the report runnes, tnat a certaine discreete 
King of Portingal was the author thereof. All the adven- 
tures of the Castle of Miraguarda, are excellent and artifi- 
ciall. The discourses very cleere and courtly, observing 

69 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Of the 
pleasant and 
curious search 
made by the 
Curate and 
the Barber^ 
of Don- 
Quixotes 
library. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

evermore a decorum in him that speakes, with great pro- 
priety and conceit : therefore I say, Master Nicholas, if you 
thinke good, this and Amadis de Gaule may be preserved 
from the fire : and let all the rest, without further search or 
regard perish. In the divels name do not so, gentle gossip 
(replyed the Barber) for this which I hold now in my hand, 
is the famous Don Belianis : What he ? quoth the Curate, 
the second, third, and fourth part thereof have great neede 
of some Ruybarbe to purge his excessive choler, and we 
must moreover take out of him all that of the Castell 
of Fame, and other impertinencies of more consequence. 
Therefore wee give them a termmua UUramarinuSy and as 
they shall be corrected, so will we use mercy or justice 
towards them: and in the meane space, gossip, you may 
keepe them at your house, but permit no man to reade 
them. I am pleased, quoth the Barber, and being unwilling 
to tire himseue any more by reading of Titles, he bad the 
old woman to take all the great volumes, and throw them 
into the yard; the words were not spoken to a Mome or 
deafe person, but to one that had more desire to bume 
them, then to weave a piece of linnen, were it never so great 
and fine. And therefore taking eight of them together, she 
threw them all out of the window, and returning the second 
time, thinking to carie away a great many at once, one of 
them fell at the Barbers feete, who desirous to know the 
title, saw that it was The History of the famous Knight 
Tirante the white. GooA, God, quoth the Curate with a 
loud voyce, is Tircmte the white here ? Give me it, gossip, 
for I make account to have found in it a Treasure of delight, 
and a copious Mine of pastime. Here is Don-Quireleison of 
Montalban, a valiant Knight, and his brother Thomas of 
Montalban, and the Knight Fonseca, and the combat which 
the valiant Detriante fought with Alano, and the witty 
conceits of the damzell Plazerdemivida, with the love and 
guiles of the widdow Reposada, and of the Empresse 
enamoured on her Squire Ipolito. I say unto you, gossip, 
that this booke is for the stile, one of the best of'^the world : 
in it Knights do eate, and drinke, and sleepe, and die in 
their beds naturally, and make their testaments before their 
60 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

death : with many other things, which all other bookes of CHAPTER 
this subject doe want ; yet notwithstanding, if I might be VI 

judge, the authour thereof deserved, because he purposely Of the 
penned and writ so many follies, to be sent to the Gallies pleasant and 
for all the dayes of his life. Carry it home and reade it, ^^^"^"^^ 
and you shall see all that I have said thereof to be true. Curate and 
I beleeve it very well, quoth the Barber. But what shall the Barber, 
we do with these little bookes that remaine? These as I of Don- 
take, said the Curate, are not bookes of Knighthood, but ^^'^^ 
of Poetry ; and openine one, he perceived it was the Diana '^^y*' 
of Montemayor, and beleeving that all the rest were of that 
stampe, he said. These deserve not to be burned with the 
rest, for they have not, nor can doe so much hurt as 
bookes of Knighthood, being all of them workes full of 
understanding and conceits, and doe not prejudice any other. 
O ffood Sir, quoth Don-Quixote his Niese, your reverence 
shal likewise doe well to have them also burned, lest that 
mine uncle, after he be cured of his Ejiightly disease, may 
fall by reading of these in an humour of becomming a Shep- 
heard, and so wander through the woods and fields, singing 
of Roundelayes, and playing on a Croud. And what is 
more dangerous then to become a Poet, which is as some 
say, an incurable and infectious disease ? This maiden saies 
true, quoth the Curate, and it will not be amisse to remoove 
this stumbling blocke and occasion out of our friends way : 
and since we begin with the Diana of Montemayor, I am of 
opinion that it be not burned, but onely that all that which 
treates of the wise Felicia, and of the inchanted water, be 
taken away, and also all the longer verses, and let him 
remaine with his proses, and the honour of being the best of 
that kinde. This that followes, quoth the Bcu-ber, is the 
Diana called the second, written by him of Salamanca, and 
this other is of the same name, whose author is Gil Polo. 
Let that of Salamanca, answer^ M. Parson, augment the 
number of the condemned in the yard, and that of Gil Polo 
be kept as charily, as if it were Apollo his own work : and 
go forward speedily, good gossip, for it grows late. This 
booke, quoth the Barber, opening of another, is The twelve 
bookes of iheJbrUmes qf love, written by Anthony Lofraso, 

61 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Of the 
pleasant and 
curious search 
made by the 
Curate and 
the Barber^ 
of Don- 
Quixotes 
library. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

the Sardinicall Poet. By the holy Orders which I have 
received, quoth the Curate, since Apollo was Apollo, and 
the Muses, Muses, and Poets, Poets, was never written so 
delightfull and extravagant a worke as this ; and that in his 
way and vaine, it is the onely one of all the bookes that 
have ever issued of that kinde to view the light of the world, 
and he that hath not read it, may make account that he 
hath never read matter of delight. Give it to me, gossip, 
for I doe prize more the finding of it, then I would the gift 
of a Cassocke of the best Sattm of Florence. And so with 
great joy he laid it aside, and the Barber prosecuted, say- 
ing. These that follow be, The sheepheard of Iberia : The 
Nimphes ofEnares^ and The Undeceiving of Jealousies. Then 
there ^s no more to be done, but to deliver them up to the 
secular arme of the olde wife, and doe not demaund the 
reason, for that were never to make an end. This that comes, 
is The Sheepheard of FUida. That is not a Sheepheard, 
quoth the Curate, but a very complete Courtier : let it be 
reserved as a precious Jewell. This great one that followes, 
is, said the Barber, intituled, 7%^ treasure of divers Poems. 
If they had not bin so many, replied the Curate, they would 
have beene more esteemed. It is necessary that this booke 
be carded and purged of certaine base things, that lurke 
among his high conceits. Let him be kept, both because the 
Author is my very great friend, and in r^ard of other more 
Heroicall and loftie Workes he hath written. This is, said 
the Barber, 7%^ diHy booke of Lopez Maldonado. The 
author of tiiat worke is likewise my ffreat friend, replied the 
Parson, and his lines pronounced by himselfe, doe advise the 
hearers, and such is the sweetnesse of his voyce, when hee 
sings them, as it doth inchant the eare. He is somewhat 
prolix in his Eglogues, but that which is good, is never super- 
fluous : let him be kept among the choysest. But what booke 
is that, which lies next unto him ? The Galatea of Michel 
Cervantes, quoth the Barber. That Cervantes, said the 
Curate, is mme old acquaintance this many a yeare. And I 
knowe, he is more practised in misfortunes then in verses. 
His booke hath some good invention in it, he intends and pro- 
pounds somewhat, but concludes nothing : therfore we must 
6S 



I] H ISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

expect the second part, which he hath promised ; perhaps his CHAPTER 
amendment may obtaine him a generall remission, which ^ 

until now is denied him, and whilst we expect the sight of Of the 
his second work, keep this part closely imprisoned in your pl®?**"** ^ 
lodging. I am very well content to doe so, good gos^, j^^^ !,« ^^ 
said the Barber, and here there come three together; Tne Curate and 
Auracana of Don Alonso de Erdlla, Tlie Atistnada of lohn the Barber^ 
RuflTo, one of the Magistrates of Cordova, and The M(m- ?f ?®^ 
serrato of Christopher de Virues a Valentian Poet. All ]§brary. 
these three bookes, quoth the Curate, are the best that are 
written in Heroicall verse in the Castjlian tongue, and may 
compare with the most famous of Italy. Reserve them as the 
richest pawnes that Spaine enjoyeth of Poetry. The Curate 
with this grew wearie to see so many bookes, and so he would 
have all the rest burned at all adventures. But the Barber, 
ere the sentence was given, had opened by chance one in- 
tituled The Teares of Angelica. I would have shed those 
teares my selfe, said the Curate, if I had wittingly caused such 
a booke to be burned ; for the authour thereof was one 
of the most fieunous Poets of the world, not onely of 
Spaine : and was most happy in the transla- 
tion of certaine fables of Ovid. 



63 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 



CHAPTER VH 

Of the second departure which our good Knight 

Don-Quixote made from his house 

to seeke adventures. 

WHILE they were thua busied, Don-Quixote 
beean to crie aloude, saying, Heere, heere, 
v^oroiu Knights, heere it is needfidl that 
you shew the force of your valiant armes ; 
for the Courtiers begin to beare away the 
best of the Tourney. The folke repayr- 
ing to this rumour and noyse, was an 
oMusion, that any farther speech and 
visitation of the bookes was omitted, and therefore it is to 
be suspected, that T7u Carolea and Lion of Spaine, with 
the actes of the Emperour Charles the fift, written by Don 
Luis de Avila were burned, without being ever scene or 
heard ; and perhaps if the Curate had seene them, they 
should not have past under so rigorous a sentence. When 
they all arrived to Don -Quixote his chamber, he was 
risen already out of his bedde, and continued still his out- 
cries, cutting and slashing on evety side, being as broadly 
awake, as if he never had slept. Wherefore t^ing him in 
their armes, they returned him by maine force into his bedde : 
and after he was somewhat quiet and settled, he said, turn- 
ing himselfe to the Curate, In good sooth, L. Archbishop 
Turpin, it is a great dishonour to us that are called the 
twelve Peeres, to permit the Enighta of the Court to beare 
thus away the glory of the Toumay without more adoe ; 
seeing that we the adventurers have gained the prize 
thereof the three formost dayes. Hold your peace, good 
gossip, quoth the Curate, for fortune may be pleased to 
change the successe, and what is lost to day, may be wonne 
agtune to morrow : Looke you to your health for the pre- 
64 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sent, for you seeme at least to be very much t3rred, if besides CHAPTER 
you be not sore wounded. ^^ 

Wounded? No, quoth Don-Quixote, but doubtlesse I Of the second 
am somewhat bruised : for that bastard Don Rowland hath ^^§^^ 
beaten me to pouder with the stocke of an Oake-tree, and ^^^ Knight 
all for envy, because he sees that I onely dare oppose my Don-Quixote 
selfe to his valour: but let me be never amine called made from his 
Raynold of Montealban, if he pay not deerdy for it, as house to seeke 
soone as I rise from this bed in despite of all his inchant- ^®^ '"^' 
ment. But I pray you call for my breakefast, for I know 
it will doe me much good, and leave the revenge of this 
wrong to my charge. Presently meat was brought, and 
after he had eaten, he fell asleepe, and thev remained 
astonished at his wonderfiill madnesse. That night the old 
woman burned all the bookes that she found in the house 
and yard, and some there were burned that deserved for 
their worthinesse to be kept up in everlasting Treasuries, 
if their fortunes and the lazinesse of the searchers had 
permitted it. And so the proverbe was verified in them. 
That the lust payes sometunes for Sinners. One of the 
remedies which the Curate and Barber prescribed for that 
present, to helpe their friends disease, was, that they 
should change his chamber, and damme up his Study, to 
the end that when he arose, he might not finde them : for 
perhaps by removing the cause, they might also take away 
the effects: and moreover they bad them to say, that a 
certaine inchanter had carried them awav Study and all; 
which device was presently put in practice. And within 
two daies after, Don-Quixote got up, and the first thing he 
did, was to go and visite his bookes ; and seeing he could 
not find the chcunber in the same place, where he had left 
it, he went up and downe to find it. Sometimes he came 
to the place where the dore stood, and felt it with his 
hands, and then would tume his eyes up and downe, here and 
there to seeke it, without speaking a word. But at last, 
after deliberation, he asked of the old woman the way to 
his bookes? Shee as one well schooled before what shee 
should answer, said. What Study, or what nothing is this 
you looke for ? There is now no more Study, nor bookes in 

I 65 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the second 
departure 
which our 
good Knight 
Don-Quixote 
made from his 
house to seeke 
adventures. 



*Buscando 
pande 
TrattrigOy 
p. 47. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

this house; for the very Divell himselfe carried all away 
with him. It was not the Divell, said his Niese, but an 
Inchanter that came here one night upon a cloude, the day 
after you departed from hence ; and aughting downe from a 
Serpent upon which he rode, he entred into the Studie, and 
what he did therein I know not ; and within a while after, 
he fledde out at the roofe of the house, and left all the house 
full of smoake : and when we accorded to see what he had 
done, we could nejrther see booke or Studie : onelv this much 
the old woman. And I doe remember very well, that the 
naughty olde man at his departure, said with a loud vovce, 
that he, for hidden enmitie, that he bore to the Lora of 
those bookes, had done all the harme to the house : that 
they might perceive when he were departed, and added that 
he was named the wise Muniaton. Freston, you would 
have said, quoth Don-Quixote. I know not, quoth the old 
woman, whether he hiffht Frestron or Friton, but well I 
wot, that his name ended with Ton. That is true, quoth 
Don-Quixote, and he is a very wise Inchanter, and my great 
adversary, and lookes on me with a sinister eye, for he 
knowes by his arte and science, that I shal in time fight a 
single combat with a Knight his very great friend, and 
overcome him in battel without being able to be by him 
assisted, and therfore he labours to doe me all the hurt he 
may ; and I have sent him word that he strives in vaine to 
divert or shun that which is by heaven already decreed. 
Who doubts of that ? quoth his Niese, but I pray you good 
uncle, say, what need nave you to thrust your selfe into 
these difficulties and brabbles? were it not better to rest 
you quietly in your owne house, then to wander thorow the 
the world, searching bread of ^blasted come ; without once 
considering how many there ffoe to seeke for wooll, that 
retume againe shome themselves? O Niese, quoth Don- 
Quixote, how ill dost thou understand the matter ? before 
I permit my selfe to be shome I will pill and pluck away the 
beards of as many as shall dare or imagine to touch but 
a haire onelv of mee. To these words the women would 
make no replie, because they saw his choler increase. 

Fifteene dayes hee remained quietly at home, without 

66 




I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

giving any argument of seconding his former vanities : in CHAFTJBR 
which time past many pleasant encomiters betweene him ^^ 
and his two gossips, the Curate and Barber, upon that Of the second 
point which hee oefended, to wit, that the world needed ^©Ijarture 
nothing so much as Knights Errant, and that the erraticall ^^d ^iriit 
EnighUiood ought to b^ a^aine renewed therein. Master j^^Qidj^ 
Parson would contradict him somtimes, and other times made from his 
yeelde unto that he urged; for had they not observed that l^ouaetoseeke 
manner of proceeding, it were impossible to bring him to ■*^®'^*'"'fi8. 
any conformity. In this space Don-Quixote de^ with a 
certaine labourer his neighbour, an honest man (if the title 
of honesty may be given to the poore) but one of a very 
shallow wit ; in resolution he said so much to him, and per- 
swaded him so earnestly, and made him so large promises, 
as the poore fellow determined to goe away with nim, and 
serve him as his Sauire. Don-Quixote among many other 
things bad him to oispose himselfe willingly to depart with 
him, for now and then such an adventure mieht present 
it selfe, that in as short space as one would take up 
a couple of strawes, an Island might be wonn, and he 
be len as govemour thereof. Wiui these and such like 
promises Sancho Panfa (for so he was called,) left his wife 
and children, and agreed to be his Squire. Afterward Don- 
Quixote began to cast plots how to come by some mony, 
which he atchieved by selling one thing, pawning another, 
and turning all upsiae downe. At last ne got a prettie 
summe, and accommodating himselfe with a buckler which 
he had borrowed of a friend, and patching up his broken 
Beaver againe as wel as he could, he advertised his Squire 
Sancho of the day and houre wherein he meant to depart, 
that hee might likewise furnish himselfe with that which 
he thought needfull ; but above all things he charged him 
to provide himselfe of a Wallet; which he promised to 
pertorme, and said. That hee meant also to carie a verie 
good Asse, which he had of his owne, because he was not 
wont to travell much afoot. In that of the Asse Don- 
Quixote stood awhile pensive, calling to minde whether ever 
he had read, that any Knight Errant carried his Squire 
Assishly mounted, but be coiud not remember any authority 

67 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER for it: yet notwithstanding he resolved that he might 
^^ bring his beast, with intention to accommodate him more 
Of the second honourably when occasion were offered, by dismounting the 
dejiuture fij^g^ discmteous Eni^ht they met, from his horse, and 
ff^dKo^ht P^^S ^* *^ ^^ Squire; he also furnished himselfe with 
I^n-Quizote shirts, and as many other things as hee might, according 
made from his unto the Inkeepers advice. All which beins finished, Sancho 
house to seeke Pan9a, without bidding his wife or children farewell; or 
adventures, Don-Quixote his Niese and olde servant, they both departed 

one night out of the village unknowne to any person living ; 
and they travelled so farre that night, as they were sure m 
the morning not to be found, although they were pursued. 
Sancho Panfa rode on his beast like a Patriarke, with his 
Wallet and Bottle, and a marvellous longing to see him- 
selfe ffovemour of the Dand which his master had promised 
unto him. 

Don-Quixote tooke by chance the same very course and 

way that he had done in his first voyage through the field 

of Montiel, wherein he travelled then with lesse vexation 

then the first; for by reason that it was early, and the 

Sunne-beames stroke not directly downe, but athwart, the 

heat did not trouble them much. Aiid Sancho Panfa 

seeing the oportunity good, said to his Master, I pray 

you have care good Sir Knight, that you forget not that 

government of the Island which you have promised me, 

for I shall bee able to goveme it were it never so great. 

To which Don-Quixote replied, ^You must understand, 

* friend Sancho Panca, that it was a custome very much 

^ used by ancient Knights Errant, to make their Squires 

< govemours of the Islands and ^ngdomes that they oon- 

^ quered, and I am resolved that so good a custome shall 

« never be abolished by me, but rather I will passe and 

^ exceed them therein : for they sometimes, and as I take it, 

' did for the greater part expect untill their Squires waxed 

«The title of < aged, and after they were cloyed with service, and had 

a Marquease < suffered many bad dayes and worse niirhts, then did they 

SJn/ir • »'«»tow upon them some title of an ^le, or at least of 

Earle in * & ^ Marquesse of some valley or Province, of more or lesse 

Spaine. ^ account. 

68 




I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

But if thou livest, and I withall, it may happen that I CHAPTER 
might conquer such a Eingdome within sixe dayes, that hath VII 
other Eingdomes adherent to it, which would £Edl out as Of the second 
just as it were cast in a mould for thy purpose, whom I departure 
would crowne presently King of one of them. And doe not ^^ i^i^ht 
account this to be anygreat matter, for things and chances D^Ouizote 
doe happen to such &iiffhts adventurers as I am, by so made from his 
unexpected and wonderfiHl waves and meanes, as I might house to seeke 
give thee very easily a great aeale more then I promised, ad^®'^*'^''®^. 
After that maner, said Sancho Panfa, If I were a Eine 
through some miracle of those which you say, then should 
loan Gutierez my wife become a Queene, and my children 
Princes. Who aoubts of that? said Don-Quixote. That 
doe I, replied Sancho Panfa, for I am fully perswaded, that 
although Grod would raine Eingdomes downe upon the 
earth, none of them would sit well on Mary Gutierez her 
head. For Sir, you must understand that sheets not worth 
a Dodkin for a Queene. To be a Countesse would agree 
with her better: and yet I pray God shee be able to 
discharge that calling. Commend thou the matter to Grod, 
quoth Don-Quixote, that he may give her that which is 
most convenient for her. But doe not thou abase thy 
minde so much, as to content thy selfe with lesse then at 
least to be a Vice-Roy. I will not, good Sir, quoth Sancho, 
especially seeing I have so worthy a Lord and Master 
as your selfe, who knowes how to give me all that 
may tume to mv benefit, and that I shall be 
able to discharge in good sort. 



69 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 




CHAPTER VIH 

Of the good successe Don-Quixote had, in the 

dreadful! and never imaged adventure of 

the Windemils, with other acddents 

worthy to be recorded. 

S thus they diacouned, they discovered 
some thirty or forty Windemils, that 
are in that field : and as soone aa 
Don-Quixote espied them, he said to. 
his Squire: Fortune doth addresse our 
affaires better then wee our selves could 
desire; for behold there, friend Sancho 
Fan9a, how there appeares thirty or forty 
monstrous Giants, with whom I meane to fight, and deprive 
them all of their lives ; with whose spoyles we will begin to 
be rich ; for this ia a good warre, and a great service unto 
God, to take away so bad a seede from the face of the earth. 
What Giants ? quoth Sancho Pan^, Those that thou 
seest there, quoth nis Lorde, with the long armes, and some 
there are of that race, whose armes are almost two leagues 
long. I pray you understand, quoth Sancho Fan^a, that 
those which appeare there, are no Gyants but Windemils : 
and that which seemes in them to be armes, are their Sayles, 
that are swinged about by the Winde, doe also make the 
Mill goe. It seemes well, quoth Don-Quixote, that thou art 
not yet acquainted with matter of adventures: they are 
Giants, ana if thou beest afeard, goe aside and pray, whilst 
I enter into cruell and unequall oattell with uiem. And 
saying so, he spurd his horse Rozinante, without taking 
heed to his Sqmre Sancbos cryes, advertising him how they 
were doubtlesly Windemils that he did assault, and no 
Giants ; but he went so fully perswaded, that they were 
Giants, as he neither heard his Squires out-cries, nor did 
70 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

discerne what they were, although he drew very neere to CHAPTER 
them, but rather said as loud as he could : Flie not, ^^^ 
ye cowards and vile creatures, for it is onely one Knight Of the good 
that assaults you. With this the Winde increased, and q^?^^ P^°" 
the Mill Sailes began to turn about ; which Don-Quixote iJ^Se di^- 
espying, said. Although thou movedst more armes then the fuU and never 
Gyant Briareo, thou shalt stoope to me ; and after saying imagined ad- 
this, and commending himselfe most devoutly to his Lady ™ ^^'^ of the 
Dulcinea, desiring her to succour him in that trance, cover- ^^ o^|?* 
ing himselfe well with his buckler, and setting his Launce accidents 
on his rest, he spurred on Rozinante, and encountred with worthv to be 
the first Mill that was before him, and striking his Lance recorded, 
into the Sayle, the Winde swinged it about with such 
furie, that it broke his Launce into shivers, carrying him 
and his horse after it, and finally tumbled him a good 
way off from it, on the field in very evill plight. Sancho 
Pan9a repayred presently to succour him, as hat as his 
Asse could drive : and when he arrived, he found him not 
able to stir, he had gotten such a crush with Rozinante. 
* Good Grod ! quoth Sancho, did I not foretell unto you ^^This word 
that you should looke well what you did ? for they were (^ove) wil 
none other then Windemils, nor could any think other- j^^J^^oSw* 
wise, unlesse hee had also Windemils in his braines. Peace, seeing the * 
Sancho, auoth Don-Quixote, for matters of warre are more actions are 
subject then any other thins to continuall change : how presumed to 
much more seeing I do verily perswade my self, that the Ju^*"^^^**"' 
wise Freston who robbed my Studie and boolces, hath trans- othemse 
formed these Giants into Mils, to deprive me of the glory distracted in 
of the victory ? such is the enmity hee beares towards me. minde^ as was 
But yet in fine, all his bad arts shal but little prevaile I>on-Quixote. 
against the goodnesse of my sword. Grod grant it, as he 
may, said Sancho Panfa ; and then helpt him to arise : and 
presently he mounted on Rozinante, who was ^halfe shoulder- *Medio 
pitcht by rough encounter ; and discoursing upon that T^JJ?^ 
adventure, they followed on the way which guidea towards ^JJJJJI^the 
the passage or gate of Lapice, for there as Don-Quixote mountunes. 
avouched, it was not possible, but to finde many adventures, 
because it was a thorough-fare much freauented, and yet he 
affirmed that he went very much grieved because hee wanted 

71 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER a Lance, and telling it to his Squire, he said, I remember 
VIII how I have read that a certaine Spanish Ejiight called Diego 
Of the good Peres of Vargas, having broken his sword in a battaile, tore 
successe Don- off^ great branch, or stock from an Oak-tree, and did such 
mSe^ead- °^*^*il^ ^^^^ i^ tiiat day, and battered so many Moores, 
full and never ^ he remained with the surname of Machuca, which signi- 
imagined ad- fies a stumpe, and as well hee, as all his progenie were ever 
venture of the after that day called Vargas and Machuca. I tell thee this, 
th th because I meane to teare another branch, such, or as good 
accidents ^^ least as that, from the first Oake we shall encounter, 
worthvtobe and I meane to atchieve such adventures therwithall, as 
recorded. thou wilt account thy selfe fortunate, for having merited to 

behold them, and be a witnesse of things almost incredible. 
In Grods name, quoth Sancho, I doe beleeve every word 
you said : but I pray you sit right in your saddle, for you 
ride sideling, which proceeds as I suppose of the bruising 
you got by your fall. Thou sayest true, quoth Don-Quixote, 
and if I doe not complaine of the gnefe, the reason is, 
because Knights Errant use not to complain of any wound, 
although their guts did issue out therof. If it be so (quoth 
Sancho) I know not what to say, but Grod knowes that I 
would be glad to heare you to complaine when any thing 
grieves you. Of my selfe I dare affinne, that I must com- 
plaine of the least griefe that I have, if it be not likewise 
meant that the Squires of Knights Errant must not com- 

Elaine of any harme. Don-Quixote could not refraine 
lughter, hearing the simplicitie of his Squire; and after 
shewed unto him, that he might lawfully complaine both 
when he pleased, and as much as he hsted, with desire, 
or without it, for he had never yet read any thing to the 
contray, in the order of Knighthood. Then Sancho said 
unto him, that it was dinner time. To whom he answered, 
that he needed no repast, but if he had will to eate, he 
might begin when he pleased. Sancho having obtained 
his licence, did accommodate himselfe on his Asse backe, 
the best he mieht; taking out of his wallet some belly 
munition, he rode after his Master, travelling and eating 
at once, and that with ^reat leasure, and ever anone 
he lifted up his bottle with such pleasure, as the best 
72 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fed Tapster of Malaga might envy his state, and whilst CHAPTER 
he rode multiplying of quanes in that manner, he never VIII 
remembred any of the promises his Master had made him, Of the good 
nor did he hold the fetch of adventures to be a lalxmr, but »w«5«"« Don- 
rather a great recreation and ease, were they never so danger- ^^e^diSid- 
ous. In conclusion, they past over that night under cer- full and never 
taine trees, from one of which Don-Quixote tore a withered Imagined ad- 
branch, which might serve him in some sort for a lance, venture of the 
and therefore he set thereon the yron of his owne, which ^^^^^^' 
he had reserved when it was broken. All that niffht Don- accidents 
Quixote slept not one winke, but thought upon his Ladie worthy to be 
Dulcinea that he might conforme himself to what he recorded« 
had read in his bookes of adventures, when knights passed 
over many nights without sleepe in forrests and fields, 
onely intertained by the memorie of their Maistresses : but 
Sancho spent not his time so vainely, for having his stomacke 
well stuffed, and that not with Succorie water, he carried 
smoothly away the whole night in one sleepe : and if his 
Master had not called him up, neyther the sunne-beames 
which strucke on his visage, nor tne melodic of the Birds 
which were many, and did cheerfully welcome the approach 
of the new day, could have beene able to awake him : at his 
arriving hee cave one assay to the bottle, which he found 
to bee somewnat more weake then it was the night before, 
whereat his heart was somewhat grieved, for he mistrusted 
that they tooke not a course to remedie that defect so soone 
as he wished : nor could Don-Quixote breake his fast, who, 
as we have said, meant onely to sustaine himselfe with 
pleasant remembrances. Then did they retume to their 
commenced way, towards the Port of Lapice, which they 
discovered about three of the clocke in the after-noone: 
here fsaid Don-Quixote) as soone as he kend it, may we 
(friend Sancho) thrust our hands up to the very elbows in 
that, which is called adventures. But observe well this 
Caveat which I shall give thee, that although thou seest 
me in the greatest dangers of the world, thou must not set 
hand to thy sword in my defence, if thou dost not see that 
those which assault me, be base and vile vulgar people ; for 
in such a case thou maist assist mee. Manry if ttiey bee 
K 73 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER Knights, thou maist not doe so in any wise, nor is it per- 
VIII mitted by the lawes of armes that thou maist helpe me, 
Of the good untill thou beest likewise dubd Knight thy selfe. I doe 
sucMsesse Don- assure you. Sir, quoth Sancho, that herein you shal be 
i"!i!^*S^' most punctually obeyed; and therefore chiefly, in respect 
folli^d^r that I am of Jne o^e nature a quiet and p^ek^ble i^, 
imagined ad- and a mortall enemy of thrusting my selfe into stirres or 
venture of the quarrels : yet is it true, that toucning the defence of mine 
•th^^ owne person, I wil not be altogether so observant of those 
accidents lawes, seeing that both Divine and Humane allow every 
worthy to be man to defend himselfe, from any one that would wrong 
recorded* him. I say no lesse, answered Don-Quixote, but in this of 

ayding me against any Knight, thou must set bounds to 
thy naturall impulses. I say that I will doe so, quoth 
Saincho, and I wil observe this commandement as punctu- 
ally, as that of keeping holy the Saboth day. Whilst 
thus they reasoned, tnere appeared in the way two Monkes 
of S. Benets order, mounted on two Dromedaries ; for 
the Mules whereon they rode, were but little lesse. They 
wore masks with Spectacles in them, to keepe away the 
dust from their faces, and each of them besides bore their 
Umbrilles; after them came a Coach and foure or five 
a horse-backe accompanying it, and two Lackeyes that 
ranne hard by it. There came therein, as it was after 
knowne, a certaine Biscaine Lady, which travelled towards 
Sivil, where her husband sojourned at the present, and was 
going to the Indies, with an honourable charge : the Monks 
rode not with her, although they travelled the same way. 
Scarce had Don-Quixote perceived them, when he said to 
his Squire, Either I san deceived, or else this will prove the 
most famous adventure, that ever hath beene scene. For 
these two great blacke bulkes which appeare there, are 
questionlesse Inchanters that steale or carrie away perforce 
some Princesse in that Coach ; and therefore I must with 
all my power undoe that wrong. This will be worse then 
the adventure of the Windemils, quoth Sancho. Doe not 
you see. Sir, that those are Fryers of S. Benets Order ? and 
the Coach can be none other, then of some travellers. 
Therefore listen to mine advice, and see well what you 
74 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

doe, lest that the divell doe deceive you. I have said CHAPTER 
abeady to thee, Sancho, that thou art very ignorant in VIII 
matter of adventures. What I say is true, as now thou Of the good 
shalt see : and saying so, he spurd on his horse, and placed succease Don- 
himselfe just in the midst of the way, by which the FriMS SJ^Se^^jJ- 
came: and when they approched so neere as he supposed full and never 
they miffht heare him, he said with a loude voyce : ^ Divillesh imagined ad- 

* and wicked people, leave presently those high Princesses venture of the 

* which you violently carie away with you in that Coach ; ^i?^^^' 

* or if you will not, prepare your selves to receive suddaine ^^^ts' 

^ death, as a just punishment of your bad workes.^ The worthy to he 
Friers held their norses, and were amazed both at the recorded, 
shape and words of Don-Quixote. To whom they answered. 
Sir Knight, we are neither devillish nor wicked, but religi- 
ous men of S. Benets Order, that travell about our aflBdres, 
and we know not whether, or no, there comes any Prin- 
cesses forced in this Coach. With me {aire wordfes take 
no effect, quoth Don-Quixote. For I know you very well, 
treacherous knaves; and then without expecting their 
replie, he set spurs to Rozinante, and laying his Lance on 
the thigh, charged the first Friar with such fury and race, 
that if tie had not suffered himselfe willingly to fall off^ his 
Mule, he would not onely have overthrowne him against 
his wil, but likewise have slaine, or at least wounded him 
very ill with the blow. The second religious man seeing 
how ill his companion was used, made no words, but setting 
spurs to that Castell, his Mule did flie away thorow the 
fifeld, as swift as the winde it selfe. Sancho Pan9a seeing 
the Monke overthrowne, dismounted very speedily off his 
Asse, and ran over to him, and would have ransackt his 
habites. In this arrived the Monkes two Lackeyes, and 
demanded of him, why he thus dispoyled the Friar ? Sancho 
replied, that it was his due by the law of armes, as lawfuU 
spoyles gained in battell by nis Lord Don-Quixote. The 
Lackeyes which understood not the jest, nor knew not what 
words of battell or spoyles meant, seeing that Don-Quixote 
was now out of the way, speaking with those that came in 
the Coach, set both at once upon Sancho, and left him not 
a haire in his beard but they pluckt, and did so trample 

76 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER him under their feete, as they left him stretched on the 
^11 ground without either breath or feeling : the Monke cut- 
Of the good tine off all delayes, mounted againe on horse-backe, all 
g^^l^^^' afihghted, having scarce any droppe of bloud left in his face 
in^e dread- through feare. And being once up, he spurd after his 
full and never fellow, who expected him a good way off, staying to see 
imagined ad- the successe of that assault ; and being unwilling to attend 
v^ture of the f}^^ ejjj q{ y^^t strange adventure, they did prosecute their 
wi£ other' journey, blessing and crossing themselves [as] if the Divell 
accideats did pursue them. 

worthvtobe Don-Quixote, as is rehearsed, was in this season speaking 
recorded. to the Lady of the Coach, to whom he said, * Your oeauty, 

^ deere Laay, may dispose from henceforth of your person, 
^ as best ye liketh ; for the pride of your robl)ers lies now 
^ prostrated on the ground, by this mv invincible arme. 

* And because you may not bee troubled to know your 
^ deliverer his name, know that I am called Don-Quixote de 
^ la Mancha, a Knight Errant and adventurer, and Captive 
< to the Peerelesse and beautifull Ladie Dulcinea of Toboso : 
^ and in reward of the benefite which you have received at 
^ my handes, I demaund nothing else, but that you retume 
^ to Toboso ; and there present your selves in my name 

* before my Lady, and recount unto her, what I have done 

* to obtaine your liberty.' To all these words which Don- 
Quixote said, a certaine Biscaine Squire that accompanied 
the Coach gave eare, who seeing that Don-Quixote suffered 
not the Coach to passe onward, but said that it must 
presently retume backe to Toboso, he drew neere to him, 
and lajang hold on his Launce, he said in his bad Spanish 
and worse Basquish ; get thee away. Knight in an ill houre, 
by the Gkxi that created me, if thou leave not the Coach, 
I will kill thee, as sure as I am a Biscaine. Don-Quixote 
understanding him, did answer with great staidnesse, if 

*Cavaiiero in thou werest a * Knight as thou art not, I would by this 
Spanish is jj^ve punished thy folly and presumption, caytife creature, 
for ^'ol^ntS- ^^^ Biscaine repHed with great furie. Not I a Gentleman ? 
man, as for a ^ sweare God thou liest as well as I am a Christian. If 
Knight thou cast away thy Lance, and draw thy sword, ^ thou 

*Page68. shalt see the water as soone as thou snalt carie away 

76 



I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the Cat : A Biscaine by land, and a Grentleman by Sea, a CHAPTER 
Grentleman in despite of the Divell, and thou liest if other VIII 
things thou sayest. Straight thou shalt see that, said Of the good 
Agrages ; replied Don-Quixote, and throwing his Launce to suecesM Don 
the ground, he out with his sword, and tooke his Buckler, S^e^dildl 
and set on the Biscaine, with resolution to kill him. The f^ and never 
Biscaine seeing him approch in that manner, although he imagined ad- 
desired to alimt off his Mule, which was not to be trusted, venture of the 
being one of ^ose naughty ones which are wont to be hired, ^i?^^*^* 
yet nad he no leisure to do any other thine, then to draw ^i^eYita' 
out his sword : but it befell him happily to oe neere to the worthy to be 
Coach, out of which he snatched a cushion that served him recorded, 
for a shield: and presently the one made upon the other 
like mortall enemies. Those that were present, laboured 
all that they might, but in vaine, to compound -Uie matter 
betweene them ; for the Biscaine swore in his bad language, 
that if they hindred him from ending the battell, hee woidd 
put his Lady, and all the rest that dared to disturbe him, 
to the sworcL 

The Lady astonished and fearefull of that which shee 
beheld, commanded the Coach-man to goe a little out of 
the way, and sate aloofe, beholding the rigorous conflict. 
In the progresse whereof, the Biscaine gave Don-Quixote 
over the Target a mighty blow on one of the shoulders, 
where if it had not found resistance in his armour, it would 
doubtlesly have cleft him downe to the girdle. Don- 
Quixote feeling the waight of that immeasurable blow, 
cried with a loud voyce, saying, ^ O Dulcinea, Lady of my 
' soule, the flowre of all beauty, succour this thy Knight, 
^ who to set forth thy worth, finds himselfe in this dangerous 
^ trance.^ The saying of these words, the sriping fast of 
his sword, the covering of himselfe well with nis Buckler, 
and the assayling of the Biscaine, was done all in one instant, 
resolving to venter all the suooesse of the battell on that 
one only blow. The Biscaine, who perceiving him come in 
that manner, perceived by his dougbtinesse his intention, 
and resolved to doe the uke; and therefore expected him 
very well covered with his Cushion, not being able to man- 
age his Mule as he wished from one part to another, who 

77 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER was not able to goe a steppe, it was so wearied, as a beast 
VIII never before used to the liice toyes. Don-Quixote, as wee 
Of the good hare said, came against the weary Biscaine, with his sword 
Si?'^ j^" lifted aloft, with a full resolution to part him in two ; and 
inUie dread- ^^ ^^ beholders stood with great feare suspended, to see 
full and never the suooesse of those monstrous blowes wherewithall they 
imagined ad- threatned one another. And the Lady of the Coach, witn 
venture of the jj^f Gentlewoman, made a thousand vowes, and offerings to 
wi£ c^er ' ^ ^^^ devout places of Spaine, to the end that God might 
accidents deliver the Squire, and themselves, out of that great danger 
worthy to he wherein they were. 

recorded. But it is to be deplored, how in this very point and 

tearme, the Author of this History leaves this battell 
depending, excusing himselfe, that he could finde no more 
written of the actes of Don-Quixote, then those which he 
hath already recounted. True it is, that the second writer 
of this worke would not beleeve, that so curious a History 
was drownd in the jawes [of] oblivion, or that the wits of 
the Mancha were so little curious, as not to reserve among 
their treasuries or records, some papers treating of this 
famous Eiiight: and therefore encouraged by this pre- 
sumption, he did not despdre to finde the end of this 
pleasant History ; which, heaven being propitious to 
him, he got at last after the manner that shall 
be recounted in the second Part. 

THE END OF THE FIBST PART 



^ 



78 



THE SECOND BOOKE 




CHAPTER I 

Wherein is related the events of the feareful 

battell which the gallant Biscune fought 

with Don-Quixote. 

E left the valoroiu Biscaine, and the famous 
Don-Quixote in the first part, with their 
swords lifted up and naked in termes, to 
discharge one upon another two furious 
Cleevers, and such, as if they had allighted 
rightly, would cut and divide them hoth 
from the top to the toe, and open them 
like a Pomegranate. And that in so 
doubtfull a taking the delightfull History stopped and 
renudned dismembred, the author thereof leaving us no 
notice where we might finde the rest of the narration. Tliia 
grieved me not a uttle, but wholly turned the pleasure I 
tooke in reading the beginning thereof, into disgust, think- 
ing how small commodity was ofiered, to finde out so much 
as in mine opinion wanted of this so delectable a tale. It 
seemed unto me almost impossible, and contrary to all good 
order, that so good a Knight should want some wise man, 
that would undertake his wonderful! prowesses and feats of 
Chivalrie. A thing that none of those Knights Errand ever 
wanted, of whom people speake ; for each of them had one 
or two wise men of purpose, that did not onlv write their 
actes, but ^so depainted thdr very least thoughts and 

TO 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER toyes, were they never so hidden. And surely so good a 
I Knight could not be so unfortunate, as to want that where- 

Wherein is with Platyr and others his like abounded ; and therefore 
related the could not induce my selfe to beleeve, that so gallant a 
^e^^i^ful Historie might remaine maimed and lame, and did rather 
hattell which c^t the fault upon the malice of the time, who is a con- 
the gallant sumer and devourer of all things, which had eyther hidden 
Biscaine or consumed it. Me thought on the other side, seeing that 

Do^iS^ tc *™®^8 ^^® bookes were found some modeme workes, such as 

the Undeceiving of leaJotmey and TTie nymphs and sheepheards 
of HenareSf Tliat also his owne History must have bin 
new ; and if it were not written, yet was the memory of 
him fresh amonff the dwellers of his owne village, and the 
other villages adyoyning. This imagination held me sus- 
pended and desirous to leame really and truely all the life 
and miracles of our famous Spaniard Don-Quixote of the 
Mancha, the light and mirrour of all Manchicall Chivalrie ; 
being the first who in this our age and time so full of 
calamities did undergoe the travels and exercise of armes 
errant; and undid wrongs, succourd widdowes, protected 
damzels that rode up and downe with their whips and 
Palfirayes, and with alt their virginity on their backes, from 
hill to hill, and dale to dale : for if it hapned not that some 
lewd miscreant, or some Clowne with a hatchet and long 
haire, or some monstrous Giant did force them, damzels 
there were in times past, that at the end of fourescore 
yeares old, all which time they never slept one day under a 
roofe, went as intire and pure maydens to their graves, as 
the very mother that bore them. Therefore I say, that as 
well for this, as for many other good respects, our gallant 
Don-Quixote is worthy of continuail and memorable prayses ; 
nor can the like be iustly denied to my selfe, for the labour 
and diligence which I used to find out the end of this 

Satefull Historie ; although I know very well, that if 
eaven. Chance, and Fortune had not assisted me, the world 
had bin deprived of the delight and pastime, that he may 
take for almost two houres together, who shall with atten- 
tion read it. The manner therefore of finding it, was this : 
Being one day walking on the Exchange of Toledo, a 
80 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

oertaine boy by chance would have sold divers old quires CHAPTER 
and scroules of bookes to a Squire that walked up and 1 

down in that place, and I being addicted to reade such Wherein is 
scroules, though I found them tome in the streets, borne related tiie 
away by this my naturall inclination, tooke one of the quiers ^^^^J^i 
in my hand, and perceived it to be written in Arabicall battell whioh 
characters, and seeing that although I knew the letters, yet the gallant 
could I not read the substance, I looked about to view Biscaine^ 
whether I could perceive any Moore translated Spaniard, ^^Su^^^ta. 
thereabouts that could reade them : nor was it very difficult ®°'^^^^"* 
to finde there such an interpreter : for if I had seaSrched one 
of another better and more ancient * language, that place *To wit, a 
might easily affoord him. In fine my eood fortune pre- ^ew. 
sented one to me, to whom telline my desire, and setting 
the booke in his hand, he opened it, and having read a 
little therein, began to laueh. I demaimded of him why he 
laughed ? and he answered. At that marginall note which' 
the booke had. I bad him to expound it to me, and with 
that took him a little aside: and he continuing still his 
laughter, said. There is written here on this margine these 
wordes. * This Dulcinea of Toboso so many times spoken of 

* in this historic, had the best hand for powdring of Porkes, 

* of any woman in all the Mancha.^ When I heard it 
make mention of Dulcinea of Toboso, I rested amazed and 
suspended, and imagined forthwith, tiiat those quiers con- 
tained the Hisiorie of Don-Quixote: with this conceit I 
hastned him to read the beginning, which he did, and trans- 
lating the Arabicall into Spanish in a trice, he said that it 
b^an thus, Tlte Hisiorie of Dof^Quixoie o^ the ManchOj 
wntten by Cyde Hamete Benengeli, an Araoicall Historio- 
grapher. Much discretion was reqiusite to dissemble the 
content of mind I conceived, when I heard the title of the 
booke, and preventing the Squire, I bought all the boyes 
scroles and papers for a Rial! : and were he of discretion, 
or knew my desire, he might have promised himselfe 
easily, and idso borne away with him more then sixe Rials 
for his Merchandize. I dfeparted after with the Moore, to 
the Cloyster of the great Church, and I requested him to 
tume me all the Arabicall sheetes that treated of Don- 

L 81 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER Quixote into Spanish, without adding or taking away any 
I thing from them, and I would pay him what he listed 

MHaernn ia for hi> paines : he demaunded tifty pounds of Reasons 
related tha ^n^ (^ne bushels of Wheate, and promised to translate 
{JJ^^^Jy them speedUy, well, and faithfully. But I, to hasten the 
battall which matter more, lest I should lose such an unexpected and 
thflgkUant welcome treasure, brought him to my house, where be 
BiscaiiiB translated all the worke in lesse then a moneth and a halfe, 

nSS^dlSa. ^^^'^ *" ^^ manner that it is here recounted. 
^^'^^^ There was painted in the first Quire, very naturally, the 

battell betwixt Don-Quixote and the Biscaine; even in 
the same manner that the History relateth it, with their 
swords lifted aloft, the one covered with his Buckler, the 
other with the Ciuhion: and the Biscaines Mule was de- 
livered so naturally, as a man might perceive it was hired ; 
although he stood &rther off then the shot of a Croshow : 
the Biacaine had a title written under his feet that said, 
Don Sancbo de Azpetia, for so belike hee was called : and 
at Rozinante his feete there was another that said, Don- 
Quixote. Bozinante was marvellous well pourtrated, so 
long and lanke, ao lanke and leane, so like one labouring 
with an incurable consumption, as he did shew very cleerely 
with what conaideiation and propriety hee had given unto 
him the name Rozinante. By nim stood Sanclio Fan^a, 
holding his Asse by the halter ; at, whose feete was another 
scroule, saying, Sancho Con^: and I thinke the reason 
thereof was, that as his picture shewed, he had a great 
beUy, a short stature, and thicke legges. And therefore I 
judge he was called Panca or Qanca ; for both these names 
are written of him inoifierently in the History. There 
were other little things in it worthy the noting, but all 
of them are of no great importance, nor any thing neces- 
sary for the true rmtion of the Historic, for none is ill 
if it be true. And if any objection be made against the 
truth of this, it can bee none other, then that the author 
was a Moore, and it is a knowne propriety of that nation 
to be lying : yet in respect that they hate us so mortally, 
it is to be conjectured that in this History there is rather 
want and concealment of our Knights wwthy Actee, then 
8t 




n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

any superfluity; which I imagine the rather, because I CHAPTER 
finde in the progresse thereof many times, that when hee ^ 

might and ouffht to have advanced ms penne in our Knights ^^^l^J' 
prayses, hee does as it were of purpose passe them over ^^Jjjf ^* 
m silence. Which was very ill done, seeing that Historio- thefeareful 
graphers ought and should bee very precise, true, and battell which 
unpassionate, and that neither profit, or feare, rancor or the gallant 
affection should make them to treade awry from the truth, f^^^^'fu 
whose mother is History, the Emulatresse of Time, the D^4>Jilcote. 
depository of actions, the witnesse of things past, and adver- 
tiser of things to come. In this Historie I know a man 
may finde im that hee can desire in the most pleasing 
manner ; and if they want any thing to be desired, I am of 
opinion that it is through the fault of that ungratious 
knave that translated it, rather then through any defect 
in the subject. Finally, the second part thereof (according 
to the translation) began in this manner : 

The trenchant swords of the two valorous and inraged 
combatants being lifted aloft, it seemed that they threatned 
Heaven, the earth, and the depths. Such was their hardi- 
nes and courage: and the firat that discharged his blow 
was the Biscaine, which fell with such force and fury, as 
if the sword had not turned a little in the way, that 
onely blow were sufficient to set an end to the rigorous 
contention, and all other the adventures of our ^ight. 
But his good Fortune which reserved him for greater 
affaires, did wrest his adversaries sword awry in such sort, 
as though he stroke him on the left shoulder, yet did it 
no more harme, then disarme all that side, canying awa^ 
with it a great part of hb Beaver, with the halfe of his 
care ; all which tell to the ground with a dreadfull ruine, 
leaving him in very ill case for a good time. Good God ! 
who is he that can well describe at this present the fury 
that entred into the heart of our Manchegan, seeing him- 
selfe used in that manner P Let us say no more, but that 
it was such, that stretching himselfe againe in the stirrops, 
and griping his sword fast in both his handes, he discharged 
such a terrible blow on the Biscaine, hitting him right 
upon the Cushion, and by it on the head, that the strength 

88 



CHAPTBR 
I 

Wherein is 
related the 
events of 
thefearefiil 
bftttell which 
the gallant 
Biscaine 
fought with 
Don-Quixote. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

and thicknesse thereof so little availed him, that as if a 
whole mountaine had falne upon him, the blood gushed 
out of his mouth, nose, and eares, all at once, and hee 
tottered so on his Mule, that every steppe he tooke he 
was ready to &11 off, as he would indeed, if he had not 
taken him by the necke: yet neverthelesse he lost the 
stirrops, and loosing his gripe of the Mule, it being like- 
wise inghted by that terrible blow, ranne away as fast as 
it coula about the fields, and within two or three winches, 
overthrew him to the ground. All which Don-Quixote 
stood beholding with great quietnesse, and as soone as he 
saw him fall he leapt off his horse, and ranne over to him 
very speedilv, and setting the point of his sword on his 
eyes, he bad him yeeld himselfe or else he would cut off 
ms head. The Biscaine was so amazed as hee could not 
speake a word, and it had succeeded very ill with him, 
considering Don-Quixotes fury, if the Ladies of the Coach, 
which until then had beheld tne conflict with great anguish, 
had not come where he was, and earnestly besought him 
to do them the favour to pardon their Squires life. Don- 
Quixote answered with a great lofldnesse and gravity : 

* Truely, faire Ladies, I am well appaid to graunt your 

* request, but it must be with this agreement and condition, 
^ that this Knight shall promise me to goe to Toboso, 
^ and present himselfe in my name to the Peerelesse Ladie 
^ Dulcmea, to the end she may dispose of him as shee 
pleaseth.* The timorous and comfortlesse Lady, without 
considering what Don-Quixote demaunded, or asking what 
Dulcinea was, promised that her Squire should accom- 
plish all that he pleased to commaund. Why then, 

quoth Don-Quixote, trusting to your promise, Vie 

do him no more harme, although he hath 

well deserved it at my handes. 




84 



— - - -- 




«] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER II 

Of that which after befell unto Don-Quixote, 
when he had left the Ladies. 

SjY this Sancho Panca had gotten up, 
though lomeirhat aoused hy the Friars 
Lackeyes, and stood attentively behold- 
ing his Lords combate, and prayed to 
God with all his hart, that it would 
please him to give him the victory ; and 
that he might therein winne some Island, 
wherof he might make him govemour, 
OS he had promised. And seeing the controversie ended 
at lost, and that his Lord remounted upon Rozinante ; 
hee came to hold him the stirrop, and cast hinuelfe on 
his knees before him ere he got up, and taking him by 
the hand, he kist it, saying, I desire that it will please 
you good my Lorde Don-Quixote, to bestow upon me the 
government of that Island which in this terrible battell you 
have wonne ; for though it were never so great, yet doe I 
finde my selfe able enough to goveme it, a« well as any 
other wnatsoever that ever governed Island in this worla. 
To this demand Don-Quixote answered. Thou must note, 
friend Sancho, that this adventure, and others of this kind, 
are not adventures of Islands, but of thwartings and high- 
wayes, wherein nothing else is gained but a Broken pate, 
or the loBse of an core. Have patience a while, for adven- 
tures will be offered, whereby thou shalt not only be made 
a govemour, but also a greater man. Sancho rendred him 
many thankes, and kissing his hand againe, and the skirt 
of his Habergeon, hee did nelpe him to get up on Rozinante, 
and he leapt on his Asse, and followed his Lord : who, with 
a swift pace, without taking leave, or speaking to those 
of the Coach, entred into a wood that was bora at hand. 
Sancho followed him as fast as his beast could trotte, but 

85 



CHAPTER 
II 

Of that which 
after befell 
unto Don- 
Quixote, 
when he 
had left the 
Ladleg. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

Rodnante went off so swiftly, as he perceiving he was like 
to be left behinde, was forced to call aloud to his Master 
that hee would stay for him. Which Don-Quixote did 
by checking Rozinante with the bridle, untill his wearied 
Squire did arrive, who as soone as hee came, said unto 
him : Me thinkes (Sir) that it will not bee amisse to retire 
our selves to some Church ; for according as that man is 
ill dight with whom you fought, I certainly perswade my 
selfe that they will give notice of the fact to the holy 
brotherhood, and they will seeke to apprehend us ; which 
if they doe, in good faith before wee can get out of their 
clawes, I feare me we shall sweate for it. Peace, quoth Don- 
Quixote, where hast thou ever read or seene that Knight 
errant that hath beene brought before the ludge, though 
hee committed never so many homicides and sUughtere. 
I know nothing of Omicilles, quoth Sancho, nor have I cared 
in my life for any: but well I wot, that it concemes the holy 
Brotherhood, to deale with such as fight in the fields, and 
in that other I wil not intermeddle. Then be not afraid, 
friend, quoth Don-Quixote, for I will deliver thee out of 
the hands of the Caldeans, how much more out of those 
of the brotherhood. But tell me in very good earnest 
whether thou didst ever see a more valorous Knight then 
I am, throughout the face of the earth P Didst thou ever 
reade in Histories, of any other that hath, or ever had more 
courage in assayling, more breath in persevering, more dex- 
terity in offending, or more arte in overthrowing, then I ? 
The truth is, quoth Sancho, that I have never read any 
History, for I can neither read nor write, but that which 
I dare wager, is, that I never in my life served a bolder 
Master then you are, and I pray God that we pay not 
for this boldnes, there where I have said. That which I 
request you, is, that you will cure your selfe, for you loose 
much bloud by that eare ; and here I have linte, and a little 
UnguerUum Album in my Wallet. All this might be ex- 
cused, quoth Don-Quixote, if I had remembred to make a 
Violl full of the Balsamum of Fierebras, for with one drop 
of it we mieht spare both time, and want well all those 
other medicines. What Viall, and what Balsamum is that ? 
86 



I 



u] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

said Sancho Panca. It is, answered Don-Quixote, a CHAPTER 
Balsamum whereot I have the receit in memorV) which H 

one possessii^, he needes not feare death, nor ought he to Of that which 
thinke that he may be killed by any wound : and there- ^^^ hefell 
fore after I have made it, and given it unto thee, thou hast q^^^^" 
nothing else to doe, but when thou shalt see that in any whence 
battell, I be eleven in twaine (as many times it happens) had left the 
thou shalt take faire and softly that part of my body that Ladies, 
is falne to the ground, and put it up againe with great 
subtilty on the part that rests in the saddle, before the 
blood congeale, having evermore great care that thou place 
it just and equally ; then presently after, thou shalt give 
me two draughts of that Balsamum, which I have said, and 
thou shalt see me streight become sounder then an apple. 
If that be true, quoth Sancho, I doe presently here renounce 
the ffovemement of the Island you promised, and will de- 
mana nothing else in recompence of my services of you, but 
only the receit of this precious liquor ; for I am certaine 
that an ounce thereof will be worth two Reals in any place, 
and when I have it I should need nothing else to gaine my 
living easily and honestly. But let me know, is it costly 
in making? With lesse then three Reals, quoth Don- 
Quixote, a man may make three gallons of it. But I meane 
to teach thee greater secrets then this, and do thee greater 
favours also. And now let me cure my selfe, for mine eare 
grieves me more then I would wish. Sancho then tooke 
out of his Wallet his lint and oyntment to cure his Master. 
But when Don-Quixote saw that the Vizar of his helmet 
was broken, he was ready to run mad, and setting his 
hand to his sword, and lifting up his eyes to heaven, 
he said, I vow to the Creator of all things, and to the 
foure Grospels where they are largest written, to lead such 
another life as the great Marquesse of Mantua did, when 
he swore to revenge the death of his Nephew Valdovinos, 
which was, not to eate on Table-cloth, nor sport with his 
wife, and other things, which although I doe not now 
remember I give them heere for expressed, until I take 
complete revenge on him that hath done me this outrage. 
Sancho hearing this, said. You must note. Sir Don-Quixote, 

87 



CHAPTER 
II 

Of that which 
after befell 
unto Don- 
Quizote, 
when he 
had left the 
Ladies. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

that if the Knight hath accomplished that which you 
ordayned, to goe and present himselfe before my Lady 
Dulcinea of Toboso, then hath he fully satisfied his debt, 
and deserves no new Dunishment, except he commit a new 
fault. Thou hast spolcen wel and hit the marke right, said 
Don-Quixote, and therefore I disanuU the oath in that of 
taking any new revenge on him : but I make it, and con- 
firme it againe, that I wil leade the life I have said, untill 
I take another helmet like, or as good as this perforce from 
some Knight. And doe not thinke, Sancho, that I make 
this resolution lightly, or, as they say, with the smoke 
of strawes; for I have an author whom I may verie well 
imitate herein, for the very like in every respect past about 
Mambrinos Helmet, which cost Sacriphante so deerly. I 
would have you resigne those kind of oathes to the Divel, 
quoth Sancho, for they wil hurt your health, and pre- 
judice your conscience. K not, tell me now, I beseech you, 
if we shal not these many dayes encounter with any that 
weares a helmet, what shall we doe ? Will you accomplish 
the oath, in despite of all the inconveniences and discom- 
modities that ensue thereof? to wit, to sleepe in your 
clothes; not to sleepe in any dwelling, and a thousand 
other penitendes, which the oath of the madde old man, 
the Marquesse of Mantua contained, which you meane to 
ratifie now P Doe not you consider that armed men travel! 
not in any of these wayes, but Carriers and Waggoners, who 
not onely carie no helmets, but also for the most part 
never heard speake of them in their lives P Thou dost de- 
ceive thy selfe saying so, replied Don-Quixote, for wee shall 
not haunt these wayes two houres, before we shall see more 
armed Knishts then were at the siege of Albraca, to conquer 
Angelica we faire. Well then, let it be so, quoth Sancho, 
anal pray Grod it be&ll us well ; whom I devoutly beseech 
that the time may come of gayning that Island which costs 
me so deere, and after let me dye presently, and I care not. 
I have already said to thee, Sancho, (quoth his Lord) that 
thou shouldst not trouble thy selfe in any wise about this 
affaire ; for when an Hand were wanting, we have then the 
Kingdome of Denmarke or that of Sobradisa, which will come 




n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

as fit for thy purpose as a rinff to thy finger, and principally CHAPTER 
thou art to rejoyce, because they are on the continent. But H 

omitting this till his owne time, see whether thou hast Of that which 
any thing in thy Wallet, and let us eate it, that afterward *ft«' ^^«11 
we may goe search out some Castle, wherin we may lodge ^^q^^" 
this night, and make the Balsamum which I have tolde thee. ^]ien he' 
For I vow to Grod, that this eare grieves mee marvellously, had left the 
I have here an Onion, replyed the Squire, a peece of Cheese Indies, 
and a few crustes of bread, but such grosse meates are not 
befitting so noble a Knight as you are. How ill dost thou 
understand it ? answered Don-Quixote. I let thee to under- 
stand, Sancho, that it is an honour for Ejiights errant, not 
to eat once in a moneths space; and if by chaunce they 
should eate, to eate onely of that which is next at hand. 
And this thou mightest oertainely conceive, hadst thou read 
so many bookes as I have done. For though I past over 
many, yet did I never finde recorded in any, that Knights 
errant did ever eate, but by meere chance and adventure, or 
in some costly banquets that were made for them, and all 
the other daies they past over with hearbes and rootes : and 
though it is to be understood that they coidd not live with- 
out meate, and supplying the other needes of nature, because 
they were, in efiect, men as wee are : it is likewise to bee 
understood, that spending the greater part of their lives 
in Forrests and desarts, and that too without a Cook, that 
their most ordinary meats were but course and rusticall, such 
as thou dost now offer unto mee. So that, friend Sancho, 
let not that trouble thee which is my pleasure, nor eoe 
not thou about to make a new world, or to hoist Chivalrie 
errant off of her hinges. Pardon me, good Sir, quoth 
Sancho ; for by reason I can neyther reade nor write, as I 
have said once before, I have not falne rightly in the rules 
and lawes of Knighthod ; and from henceforth my Wallet 
shall bee well furnished with all kindes of drie miits for 
you, because you are a Knight ; and for my selfe, seeing I 
am none, I will provide fowles and other things, that are of 
more substance. I say not, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, 
that it is a forcible law to Knights errant, not to eate any 
other things then such fruits, but that their most ordinary 
M 89 



T<adi€«i 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER sustenance could be none otker then those, and some 
^^ hearbes they found up and downe the fields, which they 

Of that which knew very well, and so doe I also. It is a vertue, quoth 
**^E^^^ Sancho, to know those hearbes: for as I imagine, that 
Quixote ' knowledge will some day stand us in stead : and saying 
when he' so, he tooke out the provision he had, which they both 

had left the ate together with good conformity. But being desirous to 

search out a place where they might lodge that night, they 
did much shorten their poore dinner, and mounting anon 
a horse-backe, they mad!e as much hast as they could, to 
find out some dwellings, before the night did fall, but the 
Sunne and their hopes did fiule them at once, they being 
neare the Cabins of certaine Goat-heards; and therfore 
they concluded to take up their lodging there for that 
night ; for though Sanchoes griefe was ffreat to lie out of a 
viUage, yet Don-Quixotes joy exceeded it farre, consider- 
ing he must sleepe under open heaven, because he made 
account as oft as this befell him, that he did a 
worthy acte, which did facilitate and ratifie 
the practice of his Chivalrie. 



90 




"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



2^ 



CHAPTER III 

Of that which past betweene Don-Quixot^ 
and certune Goat^hearcU. 

aiE waa intertained very cheerefully by the 
Goat-beards, and Sancho having ^t up 
Bozinante, and his Ame, as well as hee 
could, he presently repaired to the smell 
of certaine peeces of Goat-flesh that stood 
boyling in a Kettle over the fire, and 
although he thought in that veiy moment 
to trie whether they were in season to be 
translated out of the Kettle into the stomake, he did omit 
it, because he saw the Heards take them off the fire, and 
spreading certaine Sheepskins, which they bad for that 
purpose on the ground, lay in a trice their rustical] table, 
and invited the Master and man with very cheerefull mind, 
to come and take part of that which they had. There sate 
downe round about the skinnes sixe of them, which were all 
that dwelled in that Foulde, having first (using some course 
complements) placed Son-Quixote upon a trough, turning 
the bottome up. Don-Quixote sate downe, and Sancho 
stood, to serve the cuppe, which was made of home. His 
Master seeing him afoot, said, Sancho, to the end that thou 
mayest perceive the good included in wandring Knighthood, 
ana also in what possibility they are, which exercise them- 
selves in any ministery thereof to arrive briefely to honour 
and reputation in the world : My will is, that thou dost 
sit here by my side, and in company with this good people, 
and that thou beest one and the very selfe same thing with 
me, who am thy Master and natural! Lord, that thou eate 
in my dish, and drinke in the same cuppe wherein I drinke : 
for the same may be said of Chivalrie that is of Love, to 
wit, that it makes all things equall. I yeeld you great 
thankes, quoth Sancho, yet dare I avouch unto you, that 

91 



CHAFTBR 

m 

Of that which 
past betweene 
bon^Jaizote, 
and oertaine 
Goat-heardi. 



*Areaduz de 
Nona, p. 76. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

SO I had wherewithal! to eate well, I could eate it as well 
or better standing and alone, then if I sate by an Emperour. 
And besides, if I must say the truth, me thinkes, that which 
I eat in a comer without ceremonies, curiosity, or respect 
of any, though it were but bread and an Onion, smackes 
a great deale better, then Turkey-Cockes at other tables, 
where I must chaw my meat leisurely, drinke but litle, wipe 
my hands often, must not neese nor cough, though I have 
a desire or be like to choake, nor doe other things that 
solitude and libertie bring with them. So that, (gcKKi Sir) 
I would have you convert these honours that you would 
bestow upon me, in respect that I am an adherent to 
Chiyaliy, as I am being your Squire, into things more 
essentiail and profitable for me then these; and though I 
remayne as thankefuU for them, as if they were received, 
yet dloe I here renounce from this time until the worlds end. 
f'or all that, thou shalt sit, for the humble shall be exalted ; 
and so taking him by the arme, he forced him to sit downe 
neere himselfe. 

The GkMktherds did not understand that Gibbrish of 
Squires and Knights errant, and therefore did nothing else 
but eate, and hold their peace, and looke on their guests, 
that tossed in with their fists whole slices, with good grace 
and stomacks. The course of flesh being ended, they served 
in on the rugees a great quantitie of sheld Akoms, and 
halfe a Cheesenarder then if it were made of rough-casting. 
The home stood not the while idle, for it went round 
about so often, now full, now empty, much like a conduit 

* of Noria. And in a trice it emptied one of the two wine 
bags that lay there in the publike view. After that Don- 
Quixote had satisfied his appetite well, he tooke up a fist- 
full of Acomes, and beholdmg them earnestly, he began to 
discourse in this manner : 

* Happy time, and fortunate ages were those, whereon 
^ our Ancestors bestowed the title of Goulden, not because 

* Gk)ld (so much prized in this our yron age) was gotten in 

* that happy time, without any labours, but because those 
*• which Uvea in that time, knew not these two words, Thi/ne 

* and Mine, in that holy age all things were in common : 

98 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

No man needed for his ordinarie sustenance to doe ought CHAPTER 
else then lift up his hand, and take it from the strong HI 

Oke, which did liberdlY invite them [to] gather his sweete Of that which 
and savory fruit. The cleare fountaines, and running fff*^?^®**** 
rivers, did offer them these savorie and transparent Waters ^d^^^JtSn^ * 
in magnificent abundance. In the clifts of rocks and Goat-heards. 
hollow trees did the carefiiU and discreete bees erect their 
commonwealth, offering to every hand without interest, 
the fertile croppe of their sweetest travailes. The loftie 
Corke tree dia dismisse, of themselves without any other 
art then that of their native liberalitie, their broad and 
light rindes. Wherewithall houses were at first covered, 
being sustained by rusticall stakes, to none other end, but 
for to keepe backe the inclemencies of the Ayre. AU then 
was peace, aU amitie, and aU concord : as yet the plow- 
share presumed not with rude encounter to open and 
search the compassionate bowels of our first motlier ; for 
she without compulsion offered up through all the parts 
of her fertill ana spacious bosome, all that which mieht 
satisfie, sustaine, ana delight those children which it then 
had : yea it was then that the simple and beautifull young 
Sheepheardesses went from valley to valley, and hiU to hill, 
with their haires sometimes plavted, sometimes disheveld, 
without other apparrell then tnat which was requisite to 
cover comelily that whidi modesty wils and ever would 
have concealed. Then were of no request the attires and 
omamentes which are now used, by those that esteeme the 
purple of Tyre, and the so-many-wayes-martyrized Silke so 
much : but onely certaine greene leaves of Burdocks and 
Ivie intertexed and woven together, wherewithall perhaps 
they went as gorgeously and comely deckt, as now our 
Court-dames with all the rare and out-landish inventions 
that idlenesse and curiositie hath found out. Then, were 
the amorous conceits of the minde, simply and sincerdy de- 
livered and imbellished in the very forme and manner that 
she had .conceived them, without any artificiall contex- 
ture of wordes to indeere them : fraude, deceit, or malice 
had not then meddled themselves with plainnesse and 
truth : lustice was in her proper termes, &vor daring not 

98 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of that which 
past betweene 
Don-Quixote^ 
and certaine 
Goat-heards. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

to trouble or confound her, or the respect of profite, which 
doe now prosecute, blemish, and disturbe her so much. 
The law of corruption or taking bribes had not yet pos- 
sest the understanding of the ludge ; for then was neyther 
ludge nor person to be judged. Maydens and honesty 
wandred then, I say, where they listed, alone, sienior- 
izing secure, that no stranger liberty or lascivious mtent 
could prejudice it, or their owne native desire or will any 
way endamage it. But now in these our detestable times 
no damzell is safe, although she be hid and shut up 
in another new Labyrinth, like that of Creete ; for even 
there it selfe the amorous plague would enter, eyther by 
some cranie, or by the ayre, or by the continual! urgings 
of cursed care, to infect her. For whose protection and 
security was last instituted, by successe of times the 
order of Knighthood ; to defend damzels, protect widowes, 
and assist Orphans and distressed wights. Of this order 
am I, friends Groatheards, whom I doe heartily thanke for 
the good intertainement which you give unto me and my 
Squire : for although that every one living is obliged by 
the law of nature to favour Emghts Errant ; vet notwith- 
standing, knowing that you knew not this obligation, and 
yet did receive and make much of me, it stands witii all 
reason that I doe render you thankes with all my heart.'' 
Our Knight made this long Oration (which might have 
beene well excused) because the Acomes that were eiven 
unto him, called to his minde the eolden world : and there- 
fore the humour tooke him to mue the Gk>at-heards that 
unprofitable discourse, who heard him all amazed and sus- 

E ended with very great attention all the while. Sancho 
kewise held his peace, eating Acomes, and in the meane 
while visited very often the second wine bagge, which 
because it mi^ht be fresh, lay hanged upon a Corke tree. 
Don-Quixote nad spent more time in his speech then in 
his supper; at the end whereof one of the Groat-heards 
said. To the end that you ma^ more assuredly know. Sir 
Knight Errant, that we doe mtertaine you with prompt 
and ready will, we will likewise make you somejpastime, 
by hearing one of our companions sing, who is a Heard of 
94 




11] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

good understanding, and very amorous withall; and can CHAPTER 
besides reade and write, and playes so well on a Rebecke, m 
that there is nothing to be desired. Scarce had the Gk>at- Of that which 
heard ended his speech, when the sound of the B^l'^^ke p"*J^*!^^® 
touched his eare, and within a while after he arrived that and^rtaiiie' 
played on it, being a youth of some twenty years old, and Goat-heards. 
one of a very good grace and countenance. His fellowes 
demaunded if he had supped, and answering that he had ; 
he which did offer the curtesie, said ; Then Anthony, thou 
mayst do us a pleasure by singing a little, that this Gentle- 
man our guest may see, that we enjoy amidst these groves 
and woods, those that know what musicke is : we have told 
him alreadv thy good qualities, and therefore we desire 
that thou shew them, to verifie our wordes. And therefore 
I desire thee by thy life, that thou wilt sit and sing the 
Dittie which thy Uncle the Prebendary made of thy love, 
and was so wel liked of in our village. I am content, 
quoth the Youth, and without further intreaty, sitting 
aowne on the truncke of a lopped Oake, he tuned his 
Rebecke, and after a while began with a singular good 
grace to sing in this manner : 

I know^ Olalia I thou dost me adore. 

Thouffh yet to me^ the same thoa hast not said : 

Nor shewen it once^ by one poore glaunce or more, 

Since love is soonest by such tongues bewrayde. 
Yet cause I ever held thee to be wise^ 

It me assures^ thou bearest me good will : 

And he is not unfortunate that sees 

How his affections are not taken ill. 
Yet for all this, Olalia ! tis true 

I by observance gather to my woe : 

Thy minde is firunde of braase by art undew 

And flint thy bosome is, though it seemes snow. 
And yet amidst thy rigor's Winter face 

And other shifts thou usest to delay mee. 

Sometime hope peeping out, does promise grace 

But woe is mee^ I feare tis to betray mee. 
Sweetest ! once in the bidlance of thy minde 

Poyse with just walghts my fiuth^ which never yet 

Diminisht, though di^vor it did finde ; 

Nor can increase more, though thou favourd'st it : 

95 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of that which 
past betweene 
bon-Quixote^ 
and certaine 
Goat-heards. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ur 

If love be courteoos^ as some men say ; 
Bv thy humanity^ I must coUect : 
My hopes^ hows ever then dost use delay> 
Shall reape at last^ the good I doe expect. 

If many services be of esteeme^ 
Or power to render a hard heart benigne : 
Such things I did for thee, as make me deeme, 
I have the match gainde, and thou shalt be mine. 

For if at any time, thou hast tane heede. 
Thou more then once mightst view, how I was clad. 
To honour thee, on Mundayes with the weede. 
Which wome on Sundayes, got me credit had : 

For love and bravery still then^elves consort. 
Because they both shoote ever at one end : 
Which made me, when I did to thee resort. 
Still to be neat and fine I did contend. 

Heere I omit the daunces I have done. 
And Musiques I have at thy window gnven : 
When thou didst at Cockcrow listen uone. 
And seemd'st hearing my voyce, to be in heaven. 

I doe not eke, the prayses here recount 
Which of thy beau^ I so oft have said : 
Which though they all were true, were likewise wont 
To make the envious, mee for spight upbraide. 

When to Teresa, shee of Berrocal, 
I of thy worthes discourse did sometime shape : 
Good God ! quoth shee, you seeme an Angels thrall. 
And yet for IdoU, vou adore an Ape. 

Shee to her bugles, tnankes may give and chaines. 
False haires, and other shifb tlmt she doth use. 
To mend her beauty, with a thousand pmies 
And guiles ; which might loves very selfe abuse. 

Wroth at her words, I gave her streig^t the lie. 
Which did her and her cousen so offend : 
As me to fight, he challengd presently. 
And well thou knowst of our debate the end : 

I meane not thee, to purchase at a clap. 
Nor to that end, doe I thv &vour sue : 
Thereby thine honour eitner to intrap. 
Or thee perswade, to take courses undue. 

The Churcn hath bands, which doe so surely hold. 
As no silke string for strength comes to them neere : 
To thrust thy necke once in the yoake be bold. 
And see if I to foUow thee will feare. 

If thou wilt not, here solemnly I vow 
By holliest Saint, enwrapt in precious shrine. 
Never to leave those hils where I dwell now. 
If 't be not to become a Capucine. 

96 



1 



"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Heere the Groat-heard ended his Ditty, and although CHAPTER 
Don-Quixote intreated him to sing somewhat else, vet HI 

would not Sancho Pan^a consent to it ; who was at that Of that which 
time better disposed to sleepe then to hear musicke : and E®*^ betweene 
therefore said to his Master, You had better provide your ^^ certSn^' 
selfe of a place wherein to sleepe this night, then to heare Goat-heards. 
musicke, for the labour that these good men indure all the 
day long, doth not permit that they likewise spend the 
night in singing. I understand thee well enough, Sancho, 
answered Don-Quixote, nor did I thinke lesse, but that 
thy manifold visitations of the wine bottle, would rather 
desire to be recompenced with sleepe then with musicke. 
The wine liked us all well, quoth Sancho : I doe not denie 
it, replied Don-Quixote, but goe thou, and lay thee downe 
where thou pleasest, for it becomes much more men of my 
profession to watch then to sleepe. Yet notwithstanding 
it will not be amisse to lay somewhat againe to mine eare ; 
for it grieves me very much. One of the Groat-heards 
beholding the hurt, biad him be of good cheere, for he 
would apply a remedie that should cure it easily. And 
taking some Rosemary leaves of many that grew there- 
abouts, he hewd them, and after mixed a little salt 
among them, and applied this medicine to the eare; 
he bound it up well with a cloth, assuring him 
that hee needed to use no other medicine, 
as it proved after in effect. 



N 97 



THE FIRST PART OF THE L^ 




CHAPTER IIII 

Of that which one of the Groat-heards recounted 
to those that were with Don-Quixote. 

tIBOUT this time arrived another youth, 
one of those that brought them provi- 
sion from the Village, who said ; Com- 
panions, doe not you know what passeth 
m the Village? How can we know it 
being absent? sales another of them. 
Then wit, quoth the youth, that the 
fttmous Sheepheard, and Student Gri- 
sostome died this morning, and they murmure, that he died 
for love of that devillish lasse Marcela, William the rich 
his daughter, she that goes up and downe these pUunes and 
hils among us, in the habite of a Fastora. Dost thou 
meane Marcela? quoth one of them. Even her, I say, 
answered the other ; and the jest is, that he hath com- 
maunded in his Testament, that he be buried in the fields 
as if he were a Moore ; and that it be at the foote of the 
Rocke, where the fountaine stands of the Corke tree. For 
that according to &me, and as they say, he himselfe affirmed, 
was the place wherein he viewed her first. And he hath 
likewise commaunded such other things to be done, as the 
auncienter sort of the Village doe not allow, nor thinke 
fit to be performed ; for they seeme to be ceremonies of the 
Gentiles. To all which objections his great friend Ambrosio 
the Student, who likewise apparrelled himselfe like a Sheep- 
heard, at onee with him answers, that all shall be accom- 
plished, without omission of any thing, as Grisostome 
hath ordayned, and all the Village is in an uprore about 
this affaire, and yet it is said that what Ambrosio and all 
the other Sheepheards his friends doe pretend, shall in fine 
be done : and to morrow morning they will come to the 
place I have named, to burie him with great pompe. And 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

as I suppose, it will be a thing worthy the seeing : at least- CHAPTER 
wise, I will not omit to go and behold it, although I were UU 
sure that I could not return the same day to the Village. Of that which 
We will all doe the same, quoth the Groatheards, and will ^^^ of the 
draw lots who shall tarry here to keepe all our Heards. ^^^^^^^^IJ^ 
Thou sayest well, Peter, quoth one of them, although that thosethat 
labour may be excused ; for I meane to stay behinde for you were with 
all ; which you must not attribute to any vertue, or little Don-Quixote, 
curiosity in me, but rather to the forke that prickt my foot 
the other day, and makes me unable to travell from hence. 
We doe thanke thee notwithstanding, quoth Peter, for thy 
good will. And Don-Quixote, who heara all their discourse, 
intreated Peter to tell him who that dead man was, and 
what the Sheepheardesse of whom they spoke. 

Peter made answer, that what he knew of the affaire 
was, that the dead person was a rich Grentleman of a 
certaine Village, seated among those mountaines, who had 
studied many yeares in Salamanca, and after returned home 
to his house, with the opinion to be a very wise and learned 
man : but principally it was reported of him, that he was 
skilfuU in Astronomic, and all that which passed above in 
heaven, in the Sunne and the Moone ; for he would tell us 
most punctually the clips of the Sunne and the Moone. 
Friend, quoth Don-Quixote, the darkening of these two 
greater Luminaries, is called an Eclipse, and not a Clipse : 
but Peter stopping not at those trifles, did prosecute his 
History, saying. He did also Prognosticate when the yeare 
would be abundant or EstiL l^ou wouldest say Sterril, 

S[uoth Don-Quixote. Steril or Estil, said Peter, all is one 
or my purpose : and I say, that by his words, his father 
and his other friends, that gave credite to him, became 
very rich. For they did all that hee counselled them, who 
would say unto them : sow Barley this yeare and no Wheat. 
In this you may sow Pease and no Barley. The next yeare 
will be good for Oyle. The three ensuing you shall not 
gather a drop. That science is called Astrologie, quoth 
Don-Quixote. I know not how it is called, replied Peter ; 
but I know well, he knew all this and much more. 

Finally, a few moneths after he came from Salamanca, 

99 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CEEAPTBR he appeared one day apparrelled like a Sheepheard with his 
mi flocke, and leather coat ; having laid aside tne long habites 
Of that which that hee wore, being a Scholer, and jojoitly with him came 
one <>J'*he ^Iso a great friend of his, and fellow Student called Am- 
racountodto ^"^^^^^ apparrelled like a Sheepheard. I did almost forget 
those that ^ tell how Grisostome the deieul man, was a great maker 
were with of verses ; insomuch that he made the Carrols of Christmas 
Don-Quixote, day at ni^ht, and the playes for Corpus Christi day, which 

the youthes of our Village did represent, and all of them 
affirmed, that they were most excellent. When those of 
the Village saw the two Scholers so suddenly clad like 
Sheepheanls, they were amazed and could not ghesse the 
cause that mooved them to make so wonderfull a change. 
And about this time Grisostomes Father died, and ne 
remained possessed of a great deale of goods, as well move- 
able as immoveable and no little quantity of cattell great 
and smal ; and also a great summe.of money ; of all which 
the youn^ man remained a dissolute Lord. And truely he 
deserved it all ; for hee was a good fellow, and a charitable 
and a friend of good folke, and he had a face like a blessing. 
It came at last to be understood, that the cause of changing 
his habite was none other, then for to goe up and downe 
thorow these desarts after the Pastora Marcela, whom 
our Heard named before ; of whom the poore dead Grisos- 
tome was become enamoured. And I will tell you now, 
because it is fit you should know it, what this wanton 
lasse is, perhaps, and I thinke without perhaps you have 
not heard the like thing in all the dayes of your life, 
although you had lived more yeares then Sama. Say 
Sarra, quoth Don-Quixote, being not able to heare him 
any longer to change one word for another. The Sama or 
scabbe, quoth Peter, lives long enough too. And if vou 
go thus. Sir, interrupting my tale at every pace, we shall 
not be able to end it m a yeare. Pardon me, friend, 
quoth Don-Quixote, for I speake to thee by reason there 
was such difierenoe betweene Sama and Sarra. But thou 
didst answer well; for the Sama or scabbe lives longer 
then Sarra. And therefore prosecute thy Historic: for 
I will not interrupt thee any more. I say then, deere 
100 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sir of my soule, quoth the Groat-heard, that there was in CHAPTER 
our Villa^ a fanner that was yet richer then Grisostomes nil 
Father, who was called William, to whom fortune gave in Of that which 
the end of his great riches a daughter called Marcela, of ?p® ®{^5i 
whose birth her mother died, who was the best woman that reamnSdlbo 
dwelled in all this circuit. Me thinkes I doe now see her those that 

auicke before me, with that face, which had on the one side were with 
lie Sunne, and on the other the Moone, and above all, shee I>on-Quixote. 
was a thriftie houswife, and a great friend to the poore: 
For which I beleeve that her soule is this very houre enjoy- 
ing of the Grods in the other world. For griefe of the fosse 
of so good a wife, her husband WiUiam likewise died, leav- 
ing his daughter Marcela young and rich in the custody of 
his Uncle, who was a Priest, and Curate of our Village. 
The childe grew with such beauty, as it made us remember 
that of her mother, which was very great. And yet not- 
withstanding they judged that the daughters would surpasse 
hers, as ind^ it did : for when shee arrived to the age of 
fourteene or fifteene yeares old, no man beheld her, that did 
not blesse God for making her so faire : and most men 
remained enamoured and cast-away for her love. Her 
Uncle kept her with very great care and closenesse: and 
yet neveithelesse the fame of her great beautie did spread 
it selfe in such sort, that as well for it as for her ereat 
riches, her Uncle was not onely requested by those of our 
Village, but also was prayed, soUicited, and importuned 
by all those that dwelled many leagues about, and that by 
the very best of them, to give her to them in marriage. But 
he (who is a good Christian every inch of him) although he 
desired to marrie her presently as soone as she was of age, 
yet would he not doe it without her good will; without 
ever respecting the gaine and profit hee might make by the 
possession of her goods, whilst he desired her marriage. 
And in good sooth this was spoken of, to the good Priest 
his commendation, in more then one meeting of the people 
of our Village. For I would have you to wit. Sir Errant, 
that in these little Villages they talke of all things, and 
make account, as I doe, that the Priest must have beene too 
good, who could oblige his Parishioners to speake so well of 

101 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER him, and especially in the Villages. Thou hast reason, 
ini quoth Don-Quixote, and therefore foUow on, for the History 
Of that which is very pleasant ; and thou, good Peter, dost recount it with 
one of the a very good grace. I pray God, said Peter, that I never 
^wmted^ want our Heards ; for it is that which makes to the purpose, 
those that ^^^ ^^ ^^^ ^^^ Y^^ ^^^^ understand, that although her 
were with Uncle propounded and told to his Niese the quality of every 
Don-Quixote, wooer, of the many that desired her for wife, and intreated 

her to marrie and chuse at her pleasure; yet would shee 
never answer other, but that she would not marry as then, 
and that in respect of her over-greene yeeres, shee did not 
iinde her selfe able enough yet to beare thib burden of mar- 
riage. With these just excuses which shee seemed to give, 
her Uncle left of importuning of her, and did expect untill 
shee were farther entred into yeares, and that she might 
know how to chuse one that might like her. For he was 
wont to say, and that very well, * That Parents were not to 
place or liestow their children where they bore no liking.** 
But see here, when wee least imagined it, the coy Marcela 
appeared one morning to become a Pastora, and neither her 
Unkle nor all those of the Village which disswaded her from 
it, could worke any effect, but she would needes goe to the 
iieldes, and keepe her owne sheepe with the other yong 
Lasses of the towne. And she comming thus in publike, 
when her beauty was scene without hinderance, I cannot pos- 
sibly tell unto you, how many rich youthes, as well Gentle- 
men as Farmers, have taken on them the habit of Grisostome, 
and follow wooing of her up and downe those fields. One of 
which, as is said already,* was our dead man, of whom it is 
said, that leaving to love her, he had at last made her his 
IdolL Nor is it to be thought that because Marcela set 
her selfe in that liberty, and so loose a life, and of so little 
or no keeping, that therefore she hath given the least token 
or shadow of dishonesty or negligence : nay rather, such is 
the watchfulnesse wherewithal! shee lookes to her honour, 
that among so many as serve and sollicite her, not one hath 

E raised or can justly vaunt himselfe to have received at her 
ands, the least hope that may be to obtaine his desires. 
For although she did not flie or shunne the company and 
102 



11] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

conversation of Sheepheards, and doth use them courteously CHAPTER 
and friendlily, whensoever any one of them begin to discover im 
their intention, be it ever so just and holy, as is that of Of that which 
Matrimony, shee casts them away from her, as with a slin^. ?P®^®{^5| 
And with this manner of proceeding shee does more harme m ^^^^^^3^ ^^ 
this countrey, then if the plague had entred into it by her those that 
meanes : for her affability and beauty doth draw to it hearts were with 
of those which do serve and love her. But her disdaine Don-Quixote, 
and resolution doe conduct them to termes of desperation ; 
and so they know not what to say unto her, but to call her 
with a loude voyce, cruell and ungratefuU, with other titles 
like unto this, which doe cleerely manifest the nature of her 
condition. And Sir, if you staid here but a few daies, you 
should heare these mountaines resound with the lamenta- 
tions of those wretches that foUow her. There is a certaine 
place not farre off, wherein are about two douzens of Beech 
trees, and there is not any one of them in whose rinde is 
not ingraven Marcelas name, and over some names graven 
also a crowne in the same tree, as if her lover would plainly 
denote that Marcela beares it away, and deserves the garland 
of all humane beauty. Heere sighes one Sheepheard ; there 
another complaines, in another place are heard amorous 
ditties, heere in another, doleful! and despayring laments. 
Some one there is that passeth over all tne whole houres 
of the night at the foote of an Oake or a rocke ; and without 
foulding once his weeping eyes, swallowed and transported 
by his thoughts, the Sunne finds him there in the morning. 
And some other there is, who without giving way or truce 
to his sighes, doth amidst the fervor of tiie most fastidious 
heate of the Summer, stretcht upon the burning sand, 
breathe his pittifuU complaints to heaven : and of tnis, and 
of him, and of those, and these, the beautifull Marcela doth 
indifferently and quietly triumph : all we that know her, 
doe await to see wherein this ner loftinesse will finish, or 
who shall be so happy as to gaine dominion over so terrible 
a condition, and enjoy so Peerelesse a beauty. And because 
all that I have recounted is so notorious a truth, it makes 
me more easily beleeve that our companion hath told, that 
is said of the occasion of Grisostomes death : and therefore 

lOS 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER I doe counsel! you, Sir, that you doe not omit to be present 
Iin to morrow at ms buriall, which will be worthy the seeing, for 
Of that which Grisostomi^ hath many friends, and the place wherein he 
^®^f ^, commaunded himselfe to be buried, is not halfe a league from 
recounted to ^^^ce* I cloe meane to be there, said Don-Quixote, and doe 
those that render thee many thankes for the delight thou hast given 
were with me, by the relation of so pleasant a History. O, quoth the 
Don-Quixote. Goat-heard, I doe not yet know the halfe of the adventures 

succeeded to Marcelas lovers, but peradventure we may 
meete some Sheepheard on the way to morrow that will tell 
them unto us. And for the ^present, you will doe well to 
ffoe take your rest under some roofe, for the ayre might 
hurt your wound, although the medicine be such that I have 
applied to it, that any contrary accidents needes not much 
to be feared. Sancho Panca being wholly out of patience 
with the Goat-heards long discourse, did sollicite for nis part 
his Master so effectually, as he brought him at last into 
Peters Cabin to take his rest for that night ; whereinto after 
he had entred, he bestowed the remnant of the night in re- 
membrances of his Lady Dulcinea, in imitation of Marcelas 
lovers. Sancho Panfa did lay himselfe downe betweene 
Rozinante and his Asse, and slept it out, not like a 
dis-favoured lover, but like a man stamped 
and bruised with tramplings. 



104 



"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER V 

Wherein is finished the History of the Pastora 
Marcela, with other accidents. 




UT scarce bad the day begun to discover it 
selfe by the Orientail windowes, when five 
of the sixe Goat-beards arising, went 
to awake Don-Quixote, and demanded 
of him whether he yet intended to goe 
to GfiisostomeB bunall, and that they 
would accompany him. Don -Quixote 
that desired nothing more, got up and 
commaunded Sancho to saddle and empannell in a trice; 
which he did with great expedition, and with the like they 
all presently began their journey. And they had not yet 
gone a quarter of a league, when at the crossing of a path- 
way they saw sixe Sheepheards comming towards them, 
apparrelled with black skins, and crowned with Garlands of 
Cypresse and bitter Emda campana. Every one of them 
caned in his hand a thick truncneon of Elme. There came 
likewise with them two Gentlemen a horse-backe, very well 
furnished for the way, with other three Lackeyes that 
attended on them. And as soone as they encountred, they 
saluted one another courteously, and demanded whither 
they travelled ; and knowing that they all went towards the 
place of the buriall, they began their journey together. 
One of the horee-men speaking to his companion, said, I 
thinke (M. Viraldo) we snail account the time well imployed 
that we shall stay to see this so famous an intertainment ; 
for it cannot chuse but be famous, according to the wonder- 
full things these Sheepheards have recounted unto us, as 
welt of the dead Sheepheard, as also of the murthering 
Pastora. It seemes so to me likewise, quoth Vivaldo. 
And I say I would not onely stay one day, but a whole 
weeke, rather then misse to benold it. Don-Quixote 
O 106 



Wherein is 
finished the 
Hittory^ 
the Foatoi* 

with other 
eccident*. 



r 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [u-. 

CHAPTER demanded of them what they had heard of Marcela and 
V ChriBostome? The traveller answered. That they had 

encountred that morning with those Sheepheards, and that 
by reason they had seene them aftparrelled in that raoum- 
full attire, they demanded of them the occasion thereof, 
and one of them rehearsed it, recounting the strangenesse 
and beauty of a certaine Pastora called Marcela ; and the 
amorous pursuits of her by many, with the death of that 
Chrisostome, to whose bunall they rode. F^ally, he tolde 
all that againe to him, that Peter had told the night 
before: 

This discourse thus ended, another b^an, and was, that 
he who was called Vivaldo, demaunded of Ikm-Quixote the 
occasion that moved him to travell thus armed thorough so 
peaceable a countrey? To whom Don-Quixote answered. 
Hie profession of my exercise doth not license, or permit 
me to doe other : good dayes, cockering and ease were in- 
vented for soft Courtiers; but travell, unrest, and armes 
were on^ invented and made for those which the world 
termes lights Errant, of which number I my selfe 
(although unworthy) am one, and the least of all. Scarce 
had they heard him say this, when they all held him to bee 
wood. And to finde out the truth better, Vivaldo did aske 
him againe, what meant the word Knights Errant P ' Have 

* not you read then, quoth Don-Quixote, the Histories and 

* Annals of England, wherein are treated the famous actes 

* of King Arthur, whom we continually call in our Castilian 

* Romance, King Artus p of whom it is an aundent and 

* common tradition in the Kingdome of Great Brittaine that 

* hee never died, but that he was turned by art of inchant- 

* ment into a Crow, and that in processe of time bee shall 

* retume againe to raigne, and recover his Scepter and 
' Kingdome. For which reason, it cannot bee proved that 

* ever since that time untill this, any Englishman hath killed 
' a Crow. In this good Kings time was first instituted the 
' fomous order of Knighthood of the Knights of the Bound 
' Table, and the love that is there recounted, did in every 
' respect passe as it is laid downe betweene Sir Launcelot 
' du Lake, and Queene Genever, the honourable Ladie 

106 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Quintaniona being a dealer, and privie therto. Whence CHAPTER 
sprung that so famous a Dittie, and so celebrated here in V 

Spaine, of, **" Never was Knight of Ladies so well served, as Wherein is 
Launcelot, when that he in Britanie arrived,'* etc. With finished the 
that progresse so sweet and delightful! of his amorous and ^^^^tton 
valiant actes : and from that time forward the order of Marcek 
Knight went fix>m hand to hand, dilating and spreading it with other 
selfe through many and sundry parts of the worla : and in it accidents, 
were famous and renouned for their feats of armes, the 
valiant Amadis of Gaule, with all his progenie untill the 
fift generation : and the valorous Felixmarte of Hircania, 
and the never-duely praysed Tirante the White, together 
with Sir Bevis of Hampton, Sir Guy of Warwicke, Sir 
Eglemore, with divers others of that nation and age. 
And almost in our dayes we saw, and communed, and 
heard of the invincible, and valiant Knight Don Belianis of 
Greece. This then, good Sirs, is to be a Knieht Errant, 
and that which I have said, is the order of Chivalry : 
wherein, as I have already said, I (although a sinner) have 
made profession, and the same doe I professe, that those 
Knights professed, whom I have above mentioned; and 
therefore I travell thorough these solitudes and desarts, 
seeking adventures, with fiul resolution to offer mine owne 
arme and person to the most dangerous that fortune shall 
present, in the aide of weake and needy persons.^ 
By these reasons of Don-Quixotes the travellers perfectly 
perceived that he was none of the wisest, and knew the 
icinde of folly wherewithall he was crossed, whereat those 
remained wonderfully admired, that by the relation of the 
others came to understand it : and Vivaldo who was very 
discreete, and likewise of a pleasant disposition, to the end 
they might passe over the rest of the way without heavi- 
nesse, unto tne rocke of the buriall, which the Sheepheards 
said was neere at hand, hee resolved to give him further 
occasion to passe onward with his follies, and therefore 
said unto him: Me thinkes. Sir Knight, that you have 
profest one of the most austere professions in the world : 
And I doe constantly hold, that even that of the Charter- 
house Monkes is not neere so straight. *' It may bee as 

107 



CHAPTER 
V 

Wherein is 
finished the 
History of 
the Pastora 
Marcela, 
with other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

straight as our profession, quoth Don-Quixote, but that it 
should be so necessary for the world, I am within the 
breadth of two fingers to call it in doubt. For if wee 
would speake a truth, the souldier that puts in execution 
his Captaines commaund, doth no lesse then the very 
Captaine that commaundb him. Hence I inferre, that 
reUgious men doe with all peace and quietnesse seeke 
of heaven the good of the earth : but souldiers and we 
Knights doe put in execution that which they demand, 
defending it with the valour of our armes, and files of our 
swords : not under any roofe, but under the wide heavens, 
made as it were in Summer a marke to the insupportable 
Sunne-beames, and in Winter to the rage of withering 
frosts. So that wee are the ministers of Grod on earth, and 
the armes wherewith he executeth here his justice. And 
as the affaires of warre and things thereunto pertayning, 
cannot bee put in execution, without sweate, labour and 
travell ; it followes, that those which professe warfare, take 
questionlesse greater paine, then those which in quiet 
peace and rest doe pray unto Grod, that he will favour, and 
assist those that neede it. I meane not therefore to 
affirme, nor doth it once passe through my thought, that 
the state of a Knight Errant is as perfect as triat of a 
retyred religious man, but onely would inferre through 
that which I my selfe suffer, that it is doubtlesly more 
laborious, more battered, hungry, thirsty, miserable, tome 
and lowsie. For the Knights Errant of times past did, 
without al doubt, suffer much woe and miserie in the dis- 
course of their life. And if some of them ascended at last 
to Empires, won by the force of their armes, in faith it 
cost them a great part of their sweate and bloud : and if 
those which mounted to so high a degree, had wanted 
those inchanters and wisemen that assisted them, they 
would have remained much defrauded of their desires, and 
greatly deceived of their hopes."^ I am of the same opinion, 
replied the Traveller : but one thing among many others 
hath seemed to me very ill in Ejiights Errant, which is, 
when they perceive themselves in any occasion to begin any 
great and oangerous adventure : in which appeares manifest 
108 



11] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

perill of losing their lives, they never in the instant of CHAPTER 
attempting it, remember to commend themselves to God, as ^ 

every Christian is bound to doe in like dangers, but rather Wherein is 
doe it to their Ladies with so great desire and devotion as if 5?.|^®^ ^® 
they were their Grod ; a thing which in mine opinion smelles ^^ p^ton 
of gentility. 'Sir, quoth Don-Quixote, they can doe no Marcela, 
' lesse in any wise, and the Knight Errant which did any with other 
other, would digresse much fix)m his duety. For now it is wcidents. 
a received use and custome of Errant Chivalry, that the 
Knight adventurous, who attempting of any great feate of 
armes shall have his Lady in place, do mildely and amorously 
tume his eyes towards her, as it were by them demaunding 
that she doe favour and protect him in that ambiguous 
traunce which he undertakes ; and moreover, if none doe 
heare him, hee is bound to say certaine words betweene his 
teeth, by which he shall with all his heart commend him- 
selfe to her : and of this we have innumerable examples 
in Histories. Nor is it therefore to be understood, tnat 
they doe omit to commend themselves to God, for they 
have time and leisure enough to doe it, in the progresse of 
the worke.^ 

For all that, replied the traveller, there remaines in me 
yet one scruple, which is, that oftentimes, as I have read, 
some speech begins betweene two Ejiights Errant, and from 
one word to another their choler begins to be inflamed, and 
they to tume their horses, and to take up a good piece of 
the field, and without any more adoe to runne as fast as 
ever they can drive to incounter againe; and in the midst 
of their race, doe commend themselves to their dames, and 
that which commonly ensues of this incountring is, that one 
of them fals downe throwne over the crouper of his horse, 
past thorow and thorow by his enemies Launce, and it befals 
the other, that if hee had not caught fast of his horse mane, 
he had likewise falne. And here I cannot perceive, how hee 
that is slaJne had any leisure to commend himselfe unto God 
in the discourse of this so accelerate and hasty a worke. Me 
thinkes it were better that those words which he spent in 
his race on his Lady, were bestowed as they ought, and as 
every Christian is bound to bestow them. And the rather, 

109 



CHAPTER 
V 

Wherein is 
finished the 
History of 
thePaston 
Marcels, 
with other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

because I conjecture, that all Knights Errant have not 
Ladies to whom they may commend themselves ; for all of 
them are not amorous. 

^ That cannot be, answered Don-Quixote, I say it cannot 
^ be that there ^s any Knight Errant without a liady ; for it 
^ is as proper and essentiall to such to be enamored, as to 
^ heaven to have starres : and I dare warrant that no His- 
' tory hath yet bin seene, wherein is found a Knight Errant 
^ without loves : for by the very reason that hee were found 
^ without them, he would be convinced to be no legitimate 
^ Knight, but a bastard, and that he entred into the For- 
' tresse of Chivalrie, not by the gate, but by leaping over 
^ the Staccado like a robber and a thiefe.'* 

Yet notwithstanding, replied the other, I have read (if I 
doe not forget my selfe) tnat Don Galaor, brother to the 
valorous Amadis ae Gaule, had never any certaine Mistresse, 
to whom he might commend himselfe ; and yet for all that, 
he was nothing lesse accounted of, and was a most valiant 
and famous !&iight. To that objection our Don-Quixote 
answered, one Swallow makes not a Summer. How much 
more that I know, that the Knight whom you alledge, was 
secretly verv much enamoured : besides that, that his in- 
clination of lovinff all Ladies well, which he thought were 
fiure, was a natursul inclination, which he could not goveme 
so well. But it is in conclusion sufSciently verified, that 
yet he had one Lady whom he crowned Queene of his will, 
to whom he did also commend himselfe very often and 
secretly, for he did not a little glory to be so secret in his 
loves. 

Then Sir, if it be of the essence of all Knights Errant to 
be in love, quoth the traveller, then may it likewise be pre- 
sumed that you are also enamoured, seeing that is annext to 
the profession ? And if you doe not prize your selfe to be 
as secret as Don Gralaor, I doe intreate you as earnestly as I 
may, in all this companies name and mine owne, that it will 
please you to tell us the name, countrey, quality and beauty 
of your Ladie ; for I am sure shee would account her sel/e 
happy, to thinke that all the world doth know shee is beloved 
and served by so worthy a Knight as is your self. Here 






"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Don-Quixote breathing forth a deepe sigh, said, ^ I cl^lnot CHAPTER 
affirme whether my sweet enemy delight or no, that the V 

world know how much she is beloved, or that I serve Wherein is 
her. Onely I dare avouch (answering to that which you fijushed the 
so courteously demaunded) that her name is Dulcinea, her Se pStoni 
countrey Toboso, a Village of Mancha : her calling must Marcela 
be at least of a Princesse, seeing she is my Queene and with other 
Lady, her beauty soveraigne; for in her are verified and accidents, 
give glorious lustre to all those impossible and Chimericall 
attributes of beauty, that Poets give to their Maystresses : 
that her haires are golde, her forehead the Elisian fields, 
her browes the Arkes of heaven, her eyes Sunnes, her 
cheekes Roses, her lips currall, her teeth Pearles, her necke 
Alabaster, her bosome Marble, Ivorie her hands, and her 
whitenesse Snow, and the parts which modesty conceales 
from humane sight, such as I thinke and understand, that 
the discreete consideration may prize, but never be able 
to equalize them. Her linage, progeny, and pedegree wee 
desire to know likewise, quoth Vivaldo. To which Don- 
Quixote answered. She is not of the ancient Romane 
Curcios, Cayos, or Scipios, nor of the modeme Colomnas 
or Ursinos, nor of the Moncadas or Requesenes of Cata- 
luna, and much lesse of the Rebelias and Villanovas of 
Valencia, Palafoxes, Nu^as, Rocabertis, Corelias, Alagones, 
Urreas, Fozes and Gurreas of Aragon, Cerdas, Mannquez, 
Mendo9as, and Guzmanes of Castile, Lancasters, Palias and 
Meneses of Portugal; but she is of those of Toboso of 
the Mancha; a linage, which though it be modeme, is 
such as may give a generous beginning to the most Noble 
families of ensuing ages. Ana let none contradict me in 
this, if it be not with those conditions that Cerbino put at 
the foote of Orlandos armour, to wit : 

Let none from hence presume these armes at all to move^ 
But he that with Orlando dares his force to prove. 

Although my linage be of the Cachopines of Laredo, replied 
the traveller, yet dare I not to compare it with that of 
Toboso in the Mancha, although to speake sincerely, I never 
heard any mention of that linage you say, untill now. 

Ill 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER What, quoth Don-Quixote, is it possible that you never 

V heard of it till now ? 

Wherein is All the company travelled, giving marvellous attention to 

foiished the the reasons of those two ; and even the very Groatheards and 
^ePastora Sheepeheards began to perceive the great want of judge- 
Marcela, ment that was m Don-Quixote: onely Sancho Pan9a did 
with other verily beleeve, that all his Masters words were most true, as 
accidents. one that knew what he was, from the very time of his 

birth. But that wherein his beleefe staggered somewhat, 
was of the beautifull Dulcinea of Totoso ; for he had 
never heard speake in his life before of such a name, or 
Princesse, although he had dwelled so many yeares hard by 
Toboso. 

And as they travelled in these discourses, they beheld 
disoending betwixt the dift of two loftie mountaines, to 
the number of twenty Sheepheards, all apparelled in skinnes 
of blacke wooll, and crowned with garUuids ; which as they 
perceived afterward, were all of Ewe and Cipresse ; sixe of 
them carried a Beare, covered with many sorts of flowers 
and boughes. Which one of the Groatheards espying, hee 
said, those that come there, are they which bring Grisostoms 
body, and the foot of that mountaine is the place where he 
hath commaunded them to burie him. These words were 
occasion to make them haste to arrive in time ; which they 
did just about the instant that the others had laid downe 
the corpes on the ground : and foure of them with sharpe 
pickaxes, did digge the grave at the side of a hard rocke. 
The one and the others saluted themselves very courteously : 
and then Don-Quixote, and such as came with him, beganne 
to behold the Beare, wherein they saw laid a dead body all 
covered with flowers, and apparrelled like a Sheepheard, of 
some thirtie years old ; and his dead countenance shewed 
that he was very beautifull, and an able-bodied man. He 
had placed round about him in the Beare certaine bookes, 
and many papers, some open and some shut, and all 
together, as well those that beheld this, as they which 
made the grave, and all the others that were present kept 
a marvellous silence, untill one of them which had carried 
the dead man, said to another, See well, Ambrosio, whether 
118 




n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

this bee the place that Grisostome said, seeing that thou CHAPTER 
wouldest have all so punctually observed, which hee com- V 

manded in his Testament ? This is it, answered Ambrosio : Wherein is 
for many times my unfortunate friend recounted to me finished the 
in it the History of his mishaps : even there he told me Uj^^tora 
that he had scene that cruell enemy of mankinde first ; and Marcela, 
there it was, wher he first broke his affection too, as honest with other 
as they were amorous : and there was the last time, wherein Accidents. 
Marcela did end to resolve, and beran to disdaine him, in 
such sort as she set end to the Tragedie of his miserable life. 
And here in memory of so many misfortunes, he commaunded 
himselfe to be committed to the bowels of etemall oblivion : 
and converting himselfe to Don-Quixote, and to the other 
travellers he said : This body. Sirs, which you do now behold 
with pitifull eyes, was the treasury of a soule, wherein 
heaven had hourded up an infinite part of his treasures. 
This is the body of Grisostome, wno was peerelesse in 
wit, without fellow for courtesie, rare for comelinesse, a 
Phsenix for friendship, magnificent without measure, grave 
without presumption, pleasant without offence ; and finally 
the first m all tnat which is good, and second to none in all 
unfortunate mischances. £fe loved well, and was hated ; 
he adored and was disdained ; hee prayed to one no lesse 
savage then a beast; he importuned a heart as hard as 
Marble; he pursued the winde, he cried to desarts, he 
served ingratitude, and hee obtayned for reward the spoyles 
of death m the midst of the Cariere of his life : to which a 
Sheepheardesse hath given end, whom he laboured to eter- 
nize, to the end shee might ever live in the memories of 
men : as those papers which you see there might very well 
prove, had he not commanded mee to sacrifice them to the 
nre, as soone as his body was rendred to the earth. 

If you did so, quoth Vivaldo, you would use greater 
rigour and crueltie towards them then their very Lord, 
nor is it discreete or iustly done, that his will bee accom- 

Slished, who commands any thing repugnant to reason* 
For should Augustus Csesar himselfe have gained the repu- 
tation of wiseoome, if he had permitted that to bee put 
in execution, which the divine Mantuan had by his will 
P 118 



CHAPTER 
V 

Wherein is 
finished the 
History of 
the Pastora 
Mftrcela^ 
with other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

ordeined. So that. Seignior Ambrosio, now that you 
commit your friends body to the earth, do not therefore 
commit his labour to obkvion : for though hee ordeined it 
as one injured, yet are not you to accomplish it, as one 
void of discretion : but rather cause, by giving life to these 
Papers, that the crueltie of Marcela may live eternally, that 
it may serve as a document to those that shall breathe 
in insuing i^es, how they may avoid and shunne the like 
downefals : K>r both my selfe and all those that come here 
in my companie, doe already know the Historic of your 
enamoured and despairing friend, the occasion of his death, 
and what he commaunded eare hee deceased. Out of which 
lamentable relation may be collected, how great hath beene 
the crueltie of Marcela, the love of Grisostome, the faith 
of your affection, and the conclusion which those make, 
which doe rashly runne through that way, which indis- 
creete love doeth present to their view. Wee understood 
yesternight of Gnsostomes death, and that he should 
be entred in this place, and therefore wee omitted our 
intended joumyes, both for curiositie and pitie, and 
resolved to come and behold with our eyes that, the 
relation whereof did so much grieve us in the hearing ; and 
therefore we desire thee (discreete Ambrosio)both in reward 
of this our compassion, and also of the desire which springs 
in our brests, to remedie this disaster if it were possible ; 
but chiefly I for my part request thee, that omitting to 
bume these Papers, tnou wilt licence mee to take away 
some of them. And saying so, without expecting the 
Shepheards answere, hee stretched out his hano, and tooke 
some of them that were next to him. Which Ambrosio 
perceiving, said, I will consent. Sir, for courtesies sake, 
that you remaine Lord of those which you have ceased 
upon, but to imagine that I would omit to bume these 
that rest, were a very vaine thought. Vivaldo, who did 
long to see what the papers contained which he had 
gotten, did unfould presently one of them, which had 
this title, A DiUy qf dispaire. Ambrosio overheard him, 
and said : That is the last paper which this unfortunate 
Sheepheard wrote, and because. Sir, that you may see the 
114 



% 



II] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

termes to which his mis-haps conducted him, I pray you CHAPTER 
to read it, but in such manner as you may be heurd; ^ 

for you shall have leisure enough to doe it whilst the Wherein is 
grave is a digging. I will doe it with all my heart, ^!i^®* ^^ 
replied Vivaldo: and all those that were present, theP^toim 
having the like desire to heare it, they gathered Maroelay 
about him, and he reading it with a cleere with other 

voyce, pronounced it thus : scddents. 



CHAPTER VI 

Wherein are rehearsed the dispayring Verses 

of the dead Sheepheard, with other 

unexpected accidents. 

The Canzone of Chryeosiome. 

1 SiNOi craell thou (I publish) dost desire^ 

From tongue to tonfue^ and th' one to th' other pole. 

The efficacy of thy ngor sharpe 

I 'le hell constrain t' assist my soules desire. 

And in my brest infuse a tune of dole, 

Wheron my voice, as it is wont may harpe. 

And labour as I wish, at once to carpe. 

And tell my sorrowes and thy murdiing deedes : 

The dreadfull voyce and accent shall agree. 

And wiUi them meete for greater torture bee, 

Lumpes of my wretched bowels, which still bleedes. 

Then listen, and lend once attentive eare. 

Not well consorted tunes, but howling t' heare. 

That from my bitter bosoms depth takes flight: 

And by constrayned raving borne away, 

Issues forth for mine ease and thy despight. 

2 The lions roarinff and the dreadfull howles 
Of ravening Wolfe ; and hissing terrible 

Of squamy Serpent : and the fearefull bleate 
Of some sad monster : of foretelling fbules. 
The Pies crackling, and rumor horrible 
Of the contending winde. as it doth beate 

116 



CflAPTBR 
VI 



Wherein 
reheanedthe 
di8pe3niiig 
Verses of the 
dead Sheep- 
heard, wilA 
other on- - 
expected 
aoddents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

The Sea : and imidacahle bellowing, yet 

Of vanamsht Bull : and of the Turtle sole 

The feeling mourning, and the dolefull song 

Of th' envious Owle, with the dvre plaints among. 

Of all th' infemall Squadron fuU or dole, 

Sallie with my lamenting soule around. 

All mixed wiu so strange unusuall sound. 

As all the senses may confounded bee. 

For my fierce torments a new way exact. 

Wherein I may account my miserie. 

3 The dolefull ^echoes of so great confusion. 
Shall not resound o're father Tagus sands. 
Nor touch the Olive-watring Betis eares. 
Of my dyre pangs I le onely make effusion 
'Mongst those steepe rocks, and hollow bottom lands. 
With mortified tongue, but living teares. 
Sometimes in hidden dales where nought appeares. 
Or in unhaunted playnes free frt>m accesse : 

Or where the Sunne could ne're intrude a beame. 
Amidst the venomous crue of beasts uncleane. 
Whose wants with bountie, the hee plaines redresse. 
For though among those vast and desart downes 
The hollow Eccho indistinctly sounds 
Thy matchlesse rigor, and my cruell paine. 
Yet bv the priviledge of my niggard mtes. 
It will their force throughout xne world prodaime. 

4 A disdaine kils ; and patience runs a-ground. 
By a suspicion eyther fiEdse or true : 

But jealousie with greater ri^ur sleese, 
A prolixe absence doth our life confound. 
Against feare of oblivion to insue, 
Firme hope of best successe, gives little ease. 
Inevitable death lurkes in all these. 
But I (O unseene miracle) doe still live 
lealous, absent, disdain'd, and certaine too 
Of the suspicions that my life undoo, 
Drown'd in oblivion which my fire revives. 
And amongst all those paines I never scope 
Got, to behold the shadow once of hope : 
Nor thus despaired, would I it allow. 
But cause I may more aggravate my moanes. 
To live ever without it, here I vow. 

5 Can hope and fieare at once in one consLst ? 
Or is it reason that it should be so ? 
Seing the cause more certayne is of feare. 
If before me dyre lealousie exist. 

Shall I deflect mine eves ? since it will show 
It selfe by a thousand wounds in my soule there. 
116 



1 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Or who will not the gates nnto despaire CHAPTER 
Wide open set, after that he hath spide VI 

Murdring disdaine ? and noted each suspicion. Wherein are 

To seeming truths transfbrmde. O sowre oonyenion ! ~»i,MMmi ♦i.a 

Whilst Ventie by fiOshood is bdide ? diswmSff 

IVrant of Loves state, fierce lealousie, Venes^^e 
With craell chaines these hands together tie, ^^^ Sheeo- 
With stubbome cords couple them, rough disdains. heard imL 
But, woe is mee, with bloudy victory, other un- 
Your memory is by my sufferance slaine. eznected* 

6 I die in fine, and cause I le not expect acri^^ote. 
In death or life for the least good suoceve, mxiumjM. 

1 obstinate will rest in Fantasie. 

And say he doth well, that does affiect, 
And eke the soule most libertie possesse. 
That is most thrall to loves old lyrannie. 
And will affirme mine ever enemie. 
In her fidre shrine^ a fajrrer soule containes : 
And her oblivion nrom my fault to sprint. 
And to excuse her wrongs will witnesse bring. 
That love by her in peace his state maintaines. 
And with a hard knot and this strange opinion, 
I will accelerate the wretched summon. 
To which guided I am by her scomes rife. 
And offer to the ayre body and soule. 
Without hope or reward of future life. 

7 Thou that bv multipljring wrongs dost show. 
The reason tordng me t' use violence 

Unto this loathsome life, growne to me hatefuU, 

Since now by signes notorious thou mayst know 

From my hearts deepest wound ; how willingly sense 

Doth sacrifice me to thy scomes ungratefulL 

If my deserts have seem'd to thee so bootefull. 

As tny faire eyes cleere heaven should be orecast. 

And clouded at my death : yet doe not so. 

For I 'le no recompence take for the woe. 

By which, of mv soules spoyles possest thou wast ; 

But rather laughinf^ at my funerals sad. 

Shew how mine end begins to make thee glad. 

But tis a foUy to advise thee this : 

For I know in my deaths acceleration 

Consists thy glone, and thy chiefest blisse. 

8 Let Tantalus firom the profoundest deepes. 
Come, for it is high time now, with his thirst : 
And Sisifus with his oppressing stone. 

Let Ticius bring his Raven that never sleepes. 
And Ldon make no stay with wheele accurst. 
Nor the three Sisters ever labouring on. 

117 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Wherein are 
reheanedthe 
diflpayriii^ 
Verses of the 
dead Sheep- 
heard^ witn 
other un- 
expected 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

And let them all at once their mortall moane. 
Translate into my brest^ and lovely sounds 
(If it may be a debt due to dispaire) 
And chaunt sad obsequies with dolefull ayre. 
Over a corse unworthy of the ground^ 
And the threefius'd inramall porter grimme. 
With thousand Monsters, and ChymsBras dimme. 
Hellish the dolorous descant out amaine : 
For greater Pompe then this I thinks not fit 
That any dying lOver should obtains. 
9 Despaynng Cimsone, doe not thou complaine. 
When thou my sad sodetie shalt refiraine : 
But ratiier since the cause whence thou didst spring. 
By my misfortune growes more fortunate. 
Even in the grave, thou must shunne sorrowing. 

Grisostomes Canzone liked wonderfully all the hearers, 
although the reader thereof affirmed, that it was not con- 
formaUe to the relation that hee had receyved of Marcelas 
vertue and care of her selfe. For in it Grisostome did 
complayne of jealousies, suspicions and absence, being all of 
them things that did prejudice Marcelas good fame. To 
this objection Ambrosio answered (as one that knew very 
well the most hidden secrets of his friend) you must under- 
stand, Sir, to the end you may beter satisfie your owne 
doubt, that when the unfortunate Sheepheard wrote that 
Canzone, hee was absent from Marcela ; from whose jpre- 
sence he had wittingly withdrawn himselfe, to see if he 
could de£Eu;e some paxt of his excessive passions, procured 
by absence. And as every thing doth vexe an absent Lover, 
and every feare afflict him; so was Grisostome likewise 
tormentea by imagined jealousies, and feared suspicions, 
as much as if they were reall and true. And with this 
remaynes the truth in her perfection and point of Marcelas 
vertue, who excepting that she is crueU, and somewhat 
arrogant, and very disdainefull, very envy it selfe neyther 
ought nor can attaynt her of the least defect. You have 
reason (quoth Vivaldo,) and so desiring to read another 
paper, he was interrupted by a marvellous vision (for such 
it seemed) that unexpectedly offered it selfe to their view : 
Which was, that on the top of the rocke wherein they made 
the grave, appeared the Sneepheardesse Marcela, so fayre, 

118 



^ 



?. 



u] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that her beautie surpassed farre the fame that was spread CHAPTER 
thereof; such as haa not beheld her before, did looke on ^ 

her then with admiration and silence: and those which Wherein are 
were wont to view her, remained no lesse suspended then rehearsed the 
the others, which never had seene her. But scarce had Vera^nJie 
Ambrosio eyed her, when with an irefull and disdayning dead Sheep- 
mind he spake these words : Com^st thou by chance, O heard, with 
fierce Basiliske of these mountaines, to see whether the ^^^^ '^^- 
wounds of this wretch will yet bleed at thy presence ? Or ^^^^^ 
dost thou come to insult and vaunt in the Tragicall feats 
of thy steme nature ? Or to behold from that height, like 
another merdles Nero, the fire of inflamed Rome? Or 
arrogantly to trample this infortunate Carkasse, as the 
ingratefuU daughter did her father Tarquines? Tell us 
uickly, why thou commest ? or what thou dost most desire ? 
or seeing I know that Grisostomes thoughts never dis- 
obeyed thee in life, I will likewise cause that all those his 
friends shall serve and reverence thee. 

'I come not here, good Ambrosio, to any of those ends 
thou sayest, quoth Marcela, but onely to tume for mine 
honour, and give the world to understand how little reason 
have all those which make me the authour eyther of their 
owne paines, or of Grisostomes death ; and therefore I 
desire all you that bee here present, to lend attention unto 
me ; for I meane not to spend much time or words, to per- 
swade to the discreet, so manifest a truth. Heaven, as you 
say, hath made me beautifull, and that so much that my 
feature moves you to love, almost whether you will or no. 
And for the affection you shew unto me, you say, I and 
you afSrme that I ought to love you agame : I know by 
the naturall instinct that love hath bestowed on me, that 
each faire thine is amiable : but I cannot conceive, why for 
the reason of being beloved, the partie that is so beloved 
for her beautie, should be bound to love her lover, although 
he be foule. And seeing that foule things are worthie of 
hate, it is a bad argument to say, I love thee because faire ; 
therefore thou must afiect mee, although uncomely. But 
set the case that the beauties occurre equall on both sides, 
it followes not therefore that their desires should runne 

119 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Wherein are 
rehearsed the 
dispayring 
Verses of the 
dead Sheep- 
heard^ with 
other un- 
expected 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

one way. For all beauties doe not enamour, for some doe 
onely aelight the sight, and subject not the will; for if 
all beauties did enamour and subject together, mens wik 
would ever runne confused and straying, without beeing 
able to make any election; for the beautifuU subjects 
being infinite, the desires must also perforce be infinite : 
and as I have heard, true love brookes no division, and 
must needs be voluntary, and not inforced. Which being 
so, as I presume it is, why would you have me subject my 
will forcibly, without any other obligation then that, that 
you say you love me? If not, tell me, if heaven had 
made me foule, as it hath made me beautifull, could I 
justly complaine of you because you affected mee not ? 
How much more, seeing you ought to consider, that I did 
not chuse the beautie I have: for such as it is, heaven 
bestowed it gratis, without my demaunding or electing it. 
And even as the Viper deserves no blame for the poyson 
shee caries, although therewithall shee kill, seeing it was 
bestowed on her by nature, so doe I as little merit to be 
reprehended because beautifull; for beautie in an honest 
woman, is like fire a farre off, or a sharp edged sword ; for 
neyther that bumes, nor this cuttes any but such as come 
neere them. Honour and vertues are the ornaments of the 
soule, without which, the fairest body is not to be esteemed 
such. And if that honesty be one of the vertues that 
adometh and beautifies most the bodie and soule, why 
should shee that is beloved because faire, adventure the 
losse thereof, to answer his intention, which onely for his 
pleasures sake labours that she may lose it witn all his 
force and industry? I was borne free, and because I 
might live freely, I made election of the solitude of the 
fields. The trees of these mountaines are my companions, 
the deare water of these streames my mirrours. With the 
trees and waters I communicate my thoughts and beauty : 
I am a parted fire, and a sword laid aloo&. Those whom 
I have enamoured with my sight, I have undeceyved with 
my wordes. And if desires be sustained by hopes, I never 
having given any to Grisostome or to any other, it may 
well be said that he was rather slaine by his owne obsti- 
120 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

nacie, then by my cruelty : and if I be charged that his CHAPTER 
thoughts were honest, and that I was therefore obliged to ^^ 

answere unto them, I say, that when in that yeiy place Wherein are 
where you make lus Sepulchre, he first broke his mind rohearsedthe 
unto mee: I told him that mine intention was to live y^^^^^e 
in perpetuall solitude, and that onely the earth should dead Sheep- 
gather the fruits of my solitarinesse, and the spoyles of heard^ with 
my beautie ; and if hee would after this my resolution ^^^^ ^' 
persist obstinately without all hope, and saile against ^^^^ 
the wind, what wonder is it that he should bee drowned 
in the midst of the gulfe of his rashnesse ? If I had inter- 
tained him, then were I false : if I had pleased him, then 
should I doe against my better purposes and projects. 
He strived, being perswaaed to the contrary : he oispaired 
e^re he was hated. See then if it bee reason that I beare 
the blame of his torment ? Let him complaine who hath 
beene deceived ; let him dispaire, to whom his promised 
hopes have failed ; let him confesse it, whom I snail ever 
call ; let him vaunt, whom I shall admit* But let him not 
call me cruell or an homicide, whom I never promised, 
deceived, called or admitted. Heaven hath not yet or- 
dained that I should love by destiny, and to thinke that 
I would doe it by election may be excused. And let this 
generall caveat serve every one of those which sollicite 
me for his particular benefite: and let it be known, 
that if any shall hereafter die for my love, that hee dies 
not jealous or unfortunate : for whosoever loves not any, 
breedes not in reason jealousie in any, nor should any re- 
solutions to any be accounted disdaymngs. He that oodles 
me a savage, and Basiliske, let him shunne me as a hurt- 
full and prejudiciall thing: he that calls me ungratefull, 
let him not serve me : he that^s strange, let him not know 
me : he that^s cruell, let him not follow me : for this savage, 
this Basiliske, this ingrate, this cruell and strange one, 
will neither seeke, serve, know, or pursue any of them. 
For if Grisostomes impatience and nead-lonff desire slew 
him, why should mine nonest proceeding ana care be in- 
culped therewithall ? if I preserve mine integritie in the 
society of these trees, why would any desire me to lose it, 
Q 181 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Wherein are 
reheanedthe 
dispayring 
Verses of the 
dead Sheep- 
heard^ witn 
other un- 
expected 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

* seeing eveiy one covets to have the like himselfe, to con- 
' verse the better among men ? I have, as you all know, 

* riches enough of mine owne, and therefore doe not covet 
' other mens. I have a firee condition, and I doe not please 
' to subject me. Neyther doe I love or hate any. I do 
' not deceive this man, or sollicite that other ; nor doe I 
Mest with one, and passe the time with another. The 

* honest conversation of the Pastoras of these Villages, and 
^ the care of my Goats doe intertaine me. My desires are 

* limited by these mountaines, and if they doe issue from 
' hence, it is to contemplate the beauty of Heaven, steps 
' wherewithal the soule travels towards her first dwelling.'* 
And endine here, without desiring to heare any answer, 
she turned ner back, and entred into the thickest part of 
the wood, that was there at hand, leaving all those that 
were present, marvellously admired at her beautie and dis- 
cretion. 

Some of the Sheepheards present, that were wounded by 
the powerfull beames of her beautifull eyes, made proffer to 
pursue her, without reaping any profite out of her manifest 
resolution made there in their hearing ; which Don-Quixote 
noting, and thinking that the use of this Chivalry did jump 
fitly with that occasion, by succouring distressed damzels ; 
lajring hand on the pommell of his sword, he said in loud 
and intelli^ble words : ' Let no person of whatsoever state 

* or condition he be, presume to follow the faire Maroela, 
^ under paine of falling into my furious indignation. She 
^ hath snewne by cleere and sufficient reasons, the little or 

* no fault she had in Grisostomes death, and how far she 
^ lives from meaning to condiscend to the desires of any 

* of her lovers ; for which respect it is just, that in stead 

* of beinff pursued and persecuted, she be honoured and 

* esteemed by all the good men of the world ; for she shewes 

* in it, that it is onebr she alone, that lives therein with 

* honest intention.^ Now whether it was through Don- 
Quixotes menaces, or whether because Ambrosio requested 
them to conclude with the obligation they ought to their 
ffood friend ; none of the Sheepheards moved or departed 
from thence, untill the grave being made, and Grisostomes 

122 



n] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

papers burned, they laid the body into it, with many teares CHAPTER 
of the beholders. They shut the Sepulchre with a great ^^ 

stone, untill a monument were wrought, which Ambrosio Wherein are 
said he went to have made, with an Epitaph to this sense : ^i?®^^^* 

Heere of a loving Swaine Y^'^v ^ ^* 

The Proien Carkasse Uea : J^^i.^tSC 

Who was a Heard likewise, *»2?^> ^*^ 

And died through disdaine. ®!l^^" 

Sterne rigour hath him slaine, expectea 

Of a «?y, faire, in«ate, accidents. 
By whom love do1& dilate 

Her Tjrrannie amaine. 

They presently strowed on the grave many flowers and 
bou^hes, and every one condoling a while with his friend 
Ambrosio, did afterward bid him farewell and departed. 
The like did Vivaldo and his companion : and Don-Quixote 
bidding his hoste and the travellers adieu, they requested 
him to come with them to Sivill, because it was a place so 
fit for the finding of adventures, as in every streete and 
comer of it, are offered more then in any other place what- 
soever. Don-Quixote rendred them thankes for tneir advice, 
and the good will they seemed to have to eratifie him, and 
said, he neyther ought, nor would goe to Sivul, untill hee had 
freed all tiiose mountaines of theeves and robbers, whereof 
as fame ranne, they were fulL The travellers perceiving 
his good intention, would not importune him more, but 
biddmg him againe farewell, they departed, and followed 
on their journey : In which they wanted not matter of dis- 
course, as well of the History of Marcela and Grisostome, 
as of the follies of Don-Quixote ; who determined to goe 
in the search of the Fastora Marcela, and offer unto her 
all that he was able to doe in her service. But it be- 
fell him not as he thought, as shall be rehearsed 
in the discourse of this true Historie, giving 
end heere to the second Fart 



1S8 



THE THIRD BOOKE 



y^ 




CHAPTER I 

Wherein is rehearsed the unfortunate adventure 

hapned to Don-Quixote, by encountring with 

certune Yanguesian Carriers. 

HE wise Cid Homete Venengeli recounteth, 
that aa aoone as Don-Quixote had taken 
leave of the Goatlieards his hostes the 
night before, and of all those that were 
present at the buriall of the Sheepheard 
GnBostome, he and his Squire did pre- 
sentlv enter into the same wood, into 
H-hich they had seene the beautifull 
Sheepheardesse Marcela enter before. And having travelled 
in it about the space of two houres, without findine of her, 
they arrived in fine to a pleasant meadow, inri(£ed with 
abundance of flourishing grasse, neere unto which runnes a 
deliffhtfull and refreshing streame, which did invite, yea con- 
straine them thereby to passe over the heat of the day, which 
did then beginne to enter with great fervour and vehemencie. 
Don-Quixote and Sancho alighted, and leaving the Asae 
and Rozinante to the spaciousnesse of these plaines, to feed 
on the plenty of grasse that was there, they ransackt their 
Wallet, where without any ceremony the Master and man 
did eate, with good accord and fellowship, what they found 
therein. Sancho had neglected to tie Rozinante sure, that 
be knew him to be so sober and little wanton, as all the 
134 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Mares of the Stood of Cordova could not make him to CHAPTER 
thinke the least sinister thought. But fortune did ordaine, ^ 

or rather the Divell who sleepes not at all houres, that a Wherein is 
troupe of Gralidan Mares belonirinir to oertaine Yaniruesian rehearsed the 
Can$ers, did feede up and dowiTe ii the same valley f which l^f^** 
Carriers are wont with their beasts to passe over the heats hapned to 
in places situated neere unto grasse and water. And that Don-Quixote^ 
wherein Don-Quixote hapned to be, was very fit for their ^7 encoun- 
purpose. It therefore befell, that Rozinante tooke a cer- ^^rtwne 
taine desire to sollace himselfe with the Ladie Mares, and Yanguesian 
therefore as soone as he had smelt them, abandoning his Curnen. 
naturall pace and custome, without taking leave of his 
Master, he began a little swift trot, and went to com- 
municate his necessities to them. But they, who as it 
seemed, had more desire to feed, then to sollace them, enter- 
tained him with their heeles and teeth in such sort, as they 
broke all his girts, and left him in his naked haire, having 
overthrowne the Saddle. But that which surely grieved 
him most was, that the Carriers perceiving the violence that 
was offered by him to their Mares, repaired presently to 
their succours, with clubs and trunchions, ana did so be- 
labour him, as they fairely laid him along. Now in this 
season Don-Quixote and Smcho (which beheld the bombast- 
ing of Rozinante) approached breathlesse, and Don-Quixote 
said to Sancho ; for as much as I can perceive, friend Sancho, 
these men are no Knights, but base rascally people of vile 
Quality: I say it, because thou mayest helpe me to take 
due revenge, lor the outrage which they have done before 
our faces to Rozinante. What a Divell, quoth Sancho, what 
revenge should we take, if these be more then twentie, and 
we but two, and peradventure but one and a halfe P I am 
worth a hundred, replied Don-Quixote: and without making 
any longer discourse, hee set hand to his sword, and flew 
upon the Yanguesians : and Sancho Panfa, mooved by his 
Lords example, did the like, when with the first blow Don- 
Quixote piercing a buffe coate that one of them wore, 
wounded nim grievously in the showlder. The Yanguesians 
seeing themselves so rudely handled by two men onely, they 
being so many, ran to the stakes and trunchions of their 

125 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER carriage^ and hemming in their adversaries in the midst 
^ of them, they laid on them with admirable speede and 

Wherein is vehemende. True it is, that at the second peale they 
'^'^"^ J^® strucke Sancho downe to the ground, and the like hapned 
adventure ^ Don-Quixote, his dexterity and courage being notninff 
hapned to availeable in that traunce : and his fate so ordayning, he feU 
Don-Quixote^ just at his coursers feet, who had not yet gotten up: by 
b^encoun- which we may ponder the fury wherewithall trunchions 
^l^j^^ batter, being placed in wrathfuU and rusticall fists. The 

Yanguesian Carriers perceiving the evill they had committed, truss- 
Camera, ing up tneir loading with all possible speede, followed on 

their way, leaving TOth the Adventurers in a bad fashion, 
and a worse talent. The first that came to himselfe, was 
Sancho Pan9a, who seeing his Lord neere unto him, said 
with a weake and pitiful! voyce. Sir Don-Quixote ! O Sir 
Don-Quixote ! What wouldest thou have, brother Sancho P 
replied the Knight with the like efieminate and dolefull 
tune. I would, quoth Sancho, have of your worship, a 
draught or two of the liquor of Feoblas, if you have any 
of it at hand, perhaps it is good to cure broken bones, as 
well as it helpes wounds. What would we want, unhappy 
that I am, replied Don-Quixote, if I had it here P But I 
sweare unto tnee, Sancho Fanfa, by the faith of a Knight 
Errant, that before two daies passe (if fortune dispose not 
otherwise) I will have it in my power, or it shall hardly 
escape my hands. I pray you, quoth Sancho, within how 
many dayes, thinke you, shall we be able to stir our feet P 
I can say of my selfe, quoth the crushed Knight, that I can- 
not set a certaine terme to the dayes of our recovery, but 
I am in the fault of all, for I should not have drawne 
my sword against men that are not Knights, as well as I 
am, and therefore I beleeve that the God of battels hath 
permitted, that this punishment should be given unto 
mee, in paine of transgressing the lawes of £iighthood. 
Wherefore, brother Sancho, it is requisite that thou beest 
advertised of that which I shall say unto thee now, for it 
importeth both our goods very much, and is, that when 
thou beholdest, that the like rascally kenell doe us any 
wrong, doe not wait till I set hand to my sword against 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

them; for I will not doe it in any sort. But draw thou CHAPTER 
thine, and chastise them at thy pleasure: and if any Knights I 

shall come to their assistance and succour, I shall know Wherein is 
then how to defend thee, and offend them with all my rehearsed the 
force ; for thou hast by this perceived by a thousand signes ^^^^^ 
and experiences, how rarre the valor of tnis mine invincible iiapned to 
arme extendeth it selfe, (so arrogant remained the poore Don-Quixote^ 
Knight, through the victory he had ffotten of the hardy ^Y, encoun- 
Biscaine.) But this advice of his Lor^ seemed not so good ^'l^jT**^ 
to Sancho Panfa, as that hee would omit to answer unto Yanfuesian 
him, saying. Sir, I am a peaceable, quiet, and sober man. Garners, 
and can dissemble any injurie, for I have wife and children 
to maintaine and bring up : wherefore let this likewise be 
an advise to you (seeing it cannot be a commandement) that 
I will not set hand to my sword in any wise, be it against 
Qowne or Knight: and that from this time forwarfl do 
pardon before God all the wrongs that they have done, or 
shall doe unto me, whether they were, be, or shall be done 
by high or low person, rich or poore, Grentleman or Churle, 
without excepting any state or condition. Which being 
heard by his Lora, hee said : I could wish to have breath 
enough, that I might answer thee with a little more ease, 
or that the griefe which I feele in this ribbe, were asswaged 
ever so little, that I might, Fanfa, make thee understand 
the errour wherein thou art. Come here, poore foole, if the 
eale of Fortune hitherto so contrarie, doe tume in our 
ntvour, swelling the sayles of our desire, in such sort as we 
may securely and without any hinderance, arrive at the 
Haven of any of those Bands, which I have promised unto 
thee, what would become of thee, if I conquering it, did 
make thee Lord thereof, seeing thou wouldest disable thy 
selfe in respect thou art not a Knight, nor desirest to hie 
one, nor wouldst have valour or will to revenge thine injuries, 
or to defend thy Lordships P For thou must understand, 
that in the Kinedomes and Provinces newly conquered, the 
minds of the inhabitants are never so thorowly appeased or 
wedded to the affection of their new Lord, that it is not 
to be feared, that they will worke some noveltie to alter 
things againe, and tume, as men say, afresh to trie fortune. 

1«7 



CHAITRR 
I 

rmhtHunmd th« 
uiiftMtuiuite 
iuiventur« 
hnpnod to 

by Mticoun- 
triiifc with 
MrUiiiM 
Yiui|ruaMiiui 
durrTinri. 



^s^Mbqflu. 



«OMrcAft, 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

And it if therefore requisite that the new posseasour have 
undentanding to goveme, and valour to offend and defend 
himselfe, in any adventure whatsoever. In this last that 
hath befallen us, quoth Sancho, I would I had had that 
understanding and valour of which you speake ; but I vow 
unto you, by the fiaith of a poore man, that I am now fitter 
for pUisters then discourses. I pray you trie whether you 
can arise, and wee will helpe Rozinante, although he deserves 
it not, for he was the prindpall cause of all these troubles ; 
I would never have beleeved the like before of Rozinante, 
whom I ever held to bee as chaste and peaceable a person 
as my sclfe. In fine, they say well, that one must have a 
hmg time to come to the knowledge of bodies ; and that 
thers nothing in this life secure. Who durst affirme, that 
after those mightie blowes which you gave to that un- 
fortunate Knight Errant, would succeed so in poste, and as 
it were in your pursuite this so furious a tempest of staves, 
that hath discharged it selfe on our shoulders? Thine, 
Sancho, replied Don-Quixote, are perhaps accustomed to 
beare the like showres, but mine nursed faietweene * Cottons 
and Hollands, it is most evident that they must feele 
the griefc of this dimace. And were it not that I 
imagine, (but why doe I say I imagine ?) I know certainly 
that all these incommodities are annext to the exercise 
of armes, I would here die for very wrath and displeasure. 
To this the Squire answered, Sir, seeing these disgraces are 
of the ^essence of Knighthood, I pray you whether they 
succeed very often, or whether they have certaine times 
limited wherein they befall. For mee thinkes that within 
tvro adventures more, we shall wholly remaine disinabled 
for the third, if the Gods in mercy doe not succour us. 
Know, friend Sancho, replied Don4^xote, that the Ufe 
of Knights £nrant« is subject to a thousand dangers and 
misfortunes ; and it is abo as well in the next d^ree and 
power« to make them Kiojps and Emperours^ as eiqperienoe 
hath showne in sundry Knights* of whose Histories I have 
intire notice* And I could recount unto thee now, (did the 
paine 1 suflfer permit me) of some of them which have 
mounted to thoae high degnras which I have said^ ondv by 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the valour of their arme. And the very same men fomid them CHAPTER 
both before and after in divers miseries and calamities. ^ 

For the valorous Amadis of Gaule saw himselfe in the Wherein is 
power of his mortall enemy Arcalaus the inchanter, of '*^®^!!^^* 
whom the opinion runnes infallible, that he gave unto adventure 
him beinff his prisoner, more then two hundred stripes hapned to 
with his norse bridle, after he had tied him to a piUer Don-Quixote> 
in his base-court. And there is moreover a secret Authour ^ encowtt- 
of no little credite, who sayes, that the Cavalier del Febo, ^^j^^ 
being taken in a ginne like unto a snatch that slipt under Yanfuesian 
his feet, in a certaine Castell, after the fall found nimselfe Gamers, 
in a deepe dungeon under the earth bound hands and feete ; 
and there they gave unto him a glister of snow water and 
sand, which brought him almost to the end of his life ; and 
were it not that hee was succoured in that great distresse, by 
a wise man his very great friend, it had gone iU with the 
poore Kniffht. So that I may very well passe among so 
• many worthy persons: for the dangers ana disgraces they 
sufircd were greater then those which we doe now indure. 
For, Sancho, I would have thee to understand, that these 
wounds which are given to one, with those instruments 
that are in ones hand by chance, doe not disgrace a man ; 
and it is written in the lawes of single combat in expresse 
termes, that if the Shoe-maker strike another witn the 
Last which he hath in his hand, although it be certainly 
of wood, yet cannot it be said, that he who was stricken, 
had the Bastanado. I say this, to the end thou maist not 
thinke, although we remaine bruised in this last conflict, 
that therefore we be disgraced ; for the armes which those 
men bore, and wherewithall they belaboured us, were none 
other then their packe staves, and as farre as I can remem- 
ber, never a one of them had a tucke, sword, or dagger. 
They gave mee no leisure, answered Sancho, to looke to 
them so neerely, for scarce had I laid hand on niy Trun- 
chant, when they blist my shoulders with their Rnes, in 
such sort as they wholly deprived me of my sight, and the 
force of my feete together, striking mee downe on the place 
where I yet lie straught, and where the paine of the disgrace 
received by our Cudgelling, doth not so much pinch me, 
R 1S9 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER as the griefe of the blowes, which shall remaine as deepdy 
I imprinted in my memorie, as they doe in my backe. 

Wherein is For all this thou shalt imderstancl, brother Pan^a, re- 
rehearsed the plied Don-Quixote, that there is no remembrance, which 
adveSure*^ time will not end, nor griefe which death will not con- 
hapned to sume. What greater misfortune, quoth Sancho, can there 
Don-Quixote^ be then that, which onely expecteth time and death to end 
hy encoan- and consume it P If this our disgrace were of that kind, 
^l^^^^ which might bee cured by a pajrre or two of playsters, it 
Yanguesian ^o\jld not be so evill ; but I begin to perceive, that all the 
Ciurners. salves of an Hospitall will not suffice to bring them to any 

good termes. Leave off, Sancho, and gather strength out 
of weakenesse, said Don-Quixote, for so will I likewise doe, 
and let us see how doth Rozinante; for me thinks that 
the lest part of this mishap hath not falne to his lot. You 
ought not to marvell at that, quoth Sancho, seeing he is 
likewise a Knight Errant ; that whereat I wonder, is that 
mine Asse remaines there without payment, where wee are 
come away without ribbes. Fortune leaves alwaies one 
doore open in disasters, quoth Don-Quixote, whereby to 
remedie them. I say it, because that little beast may 
supply Rozinantes want, by carying of me from hence unto 
some Castell, wherein I may be cured of my wounds. Nor 
doe I hold this kinde of riding dishonourable; for I re- 
member to have read, that the good old Silenus tutor of 
the merry Grod of laughter, when he entred into the Citie of 
the hundred gates, rode very fairely mounted on a goodly 
Asse. It is like, quoth Sancho, that he rode as you say upon 
an Asse ; but there is great difference betwixt riding, and 
being cast athwart upon one like a Sacke of rubbish. To 
this Don-Quixote answered, the wounds that are received 
in battell, doe rather give honour, then deprive men of it. 
Wherefore friend Panfa, doe not reply any more unto me, 
but as I have said, arise as well as thou canst, and lay me as 
thou pleasest upon thy beast ; and let us depart from hence, 
before the nignt overtake us in these desarts. Yet I have 
heard ^ou say, quoth Pan9a, that it was an ordinary custome 
of Emghts £iTant to sleepe in Downes and desarts, the most 
of the yeare, and that so to doe, they hold for very good hap. 
180 



I 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

That is, said Don -Quixote, when they have none other CHAPTER 
shift, or when they are in love ; and this is so true, as there I 

hath beene a Enieht that hath dwelt on a rocke exposed Wherein is 
to the Sunne, and the shadow, and other annoyances of ^e^wsed the 
heaven for the space of two years, without his Ladies ^e^^** 
knowledge, and Amadis was one of that kinde, when call- hapned to 
ing himselfe Beltinebros, he dwelt in the Poore Rocke ; Don-Quixote, 
nor doe I know punctually eight yeares or eight moneths, ^7 encoun- 
for I doe not remember the History well ; let it suffice ^^^*^ 
that there he dwelt doing of penance, for some disgust Yanguesian 
which I know not, that his Ladie Oriana did him. But Comers, 
leaving that apart, Sancho, dispatch and away before some 
other disgrace happen like that of Rozinante to the Asse. 
Even there lurkes the Divell, quoth Sancho, and so breath- 
ing thirty sobs, and threescore sighes, and a hundred and 
twenty discontents and execrations against him, that had 
brought him there, he arose, remayning bended in the midst 
of the way, like unto a Turkish bow, without being able 
to addresse himselfe : and notwithstanding all this difficulty, 
he harnessed his Asse (who had beene also somewhat dis- 
tracted, by the overmuch liberty of that day) and after 
he hoysted up Rozinante, who were he indued with a 
tongue to complain, would certainly have borne his Lord 
and Sancho companie. In the end Sancho laid Don- 
Quixote on the Asse, and tied Rozinante unto him, and 
leading the Asse by the halter, travelled that way which 
he deemed might conduct him soonest towards the high- 
way. And fortune which guided his affidres from good 
to better, after he had travelled a little league, discovered 
it unto him, neere unto which he saw an Inne, which 
in despite of him, and for Don-Quixotes pleasure must 
needes be a Castle. Sancho contended that it was an 
Inne, and his Lord that it was not; and their contro- 
versie indured so long, as they had leisure before they 
could decide it, to arrive at Uie lodging ; into which 
Sancho, without farther verifying of the dis- 
pute, entred with all his loading. 



181 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 



CHAPTER II 

Of that which hapned unto the ingenuous fijiight, 

within the Inne, which he supposed 

to be a Castle; 

HE Inne-keeper seeing Doo-Quixote laid 
overthwart upon the Ane, demaunded of 
SEtncho, what disease he had P Sancho 
answered, that it was nothing but a fal 
downe from a rock, and that his ribs 
were thereto somewhat bruised. This 
Inkeeper had a wife, not of the con- 
dition that those of that Trade are wont 
to be, for she was of a charitable nature, and would grieve 
at the calamities of her neighbours, and did therefore pre- 
sently occurre to cure Don-Quixote, causing her daughter, 
a very comely yong mayden, to assist her to cure her guest. 
There likewise served in the Inne an Asturian Wench, who 
was broad-faced, flat-pated, saddle-nosed, blinde of one eye, 
and the other almost out ; true it is, that the comelinesse 
of her bodie supplied all the other defects. She was not 
seven palmes long from her feete unto her head, and her 
shoulders which did somewhat burden her, made her looke 
oftner to the ^vund then she would willingly. This 




1 



beautifull piece did assist the youi^ m^den, and both of 
them made a veir bad bedde for Bon-Quixote in an old 
wide chamber, which gave manifest tokens of it selfe, that 
it had sometimes served many yeares onlv to keepe chopt 
straw for horses ; in which was also lodged a Carrier, whose 
bedde was made a little way off" from Don-Quixotes, which, 
though it was made of Canvasse, and coverings of his 
Mules, was much better then the Knights, that onely 
contained foure boords roughly plained, placed on two 
unequall tressels ; A flockebed, which in the thinnesse 
133 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

seemed rather a Quilt; full of pellets, and had not they CHAPTER 
showen that they were wooll, through certaine breaches H 

made by antiquity on the Ticke, a man would by the Of that which 
hardnesse rather take them to be stones : a paire of sheets Wpod unto 
made of the skinnes of Targets, and a coverlet whose KniS^^^^"* 
threeds, if a man would number, he should not lose one within the 
onely of the account. In this ungratious bed did Don- Inne^ which 
Quixote lie : and presently the hostesse and her daughter he suppoaed 
annoint him all over, and Maritomes (for so the Asturian ^°^^ Castle. 
Wench was called) did holde the candle. The Hostesse at 
the playstring of him, perceiving him to be so bruised in 
sundry places, she said unto him, that those signes rather 
seemed to proceed of blowes then of a fall. They were 
not blowes, replied Sancho, but the rocke had many sharpe 
ends and knobs on it, whereof every one left behinde it 
a token ; and I desire you, good Masters, quoth he, to 
leave some flaxe behind, and there shall not want one that 
needeth the use of them ; for I assure you, my backe doth 
likewise ake. If that be so, quoth the Hostesse, it is 
likely that thou didst also falL I did not fall, quoth 
Sancno Panfa, but with the suddaine afiPnght that I tooke 
at my Masters fall, my bo^y doth so grieve me, as mee 
thinkes, I have beene handsomely belaboured. It may wel 
happen as thou saiest, quoth the Hostlers daughter: for 
it hath befalne me sundry times to dreame, that I fell 
down from some high Tower, and could never come to 
the ground : and when I awaked, I did find my selfe so 
troubled and broken, as if I had verily falne. There is 
the point. Masters, auoth Sancho Panfa, that I without 
dreaming at all, but oeing more awake then I am at this 
houre, found my selfe to have very few lesse tokens and 
markes then my Lord Don-Quixote hath. How is this 
Gentleman called ? quoth Maritomes the Asturian. Don- 
Quixote of the Mancha, replied Sancho Panfa, and he is a 
Knight Errant, and one of the best and strongest that have 
beene seene in the world these many ages. What is that, 
a Knight Errant? auoth the Wench. Art thou so yong 
in the world, that thou knowest it not P answered Sancho 
Panca. Know then, sister mine, that a Knight Errant is 

188 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 



CHAPTER a thing, which in two words you see well cudgelled, and 
11 after becomes an Empeiour. To daj he is the most un- 

Of tliat wbich fortunate creature of the world, and the most needy ; and 
^ned unto f^ morrow he will hare two or three crowns of Kngdomes 
Kn^^°°^"^ to bestow upon his Squire. If it bee so, quoth the Hostesses 
wiihin the ^hy then hast not thou gotten at least an Earledome, seeing 
Inne, which thou art this good Knight his Squire ? It is yet too soone, 
he toppoted replied Sancho, for it is but a mcmeth sithence we began 
tobe.C-Ue. fi^ t^ ^^ adventure.; and we have iK,t yet encountred 

any worthy of the name. And sometimes it befals, that 
searching for one thing, we encounter another. Thie it 
is, that if my Lord Don-Quixote recover of this wound or 
fall, and that I be not chained by it, I would not make 
an exchange of my hopes for the best title of Spaine. 
Don-Quixote did very attentirely listen unto all these dis- 
courses, and sitting up in his bedde as well as bee could, 
taking his Hostesse by the hand, hee said unto her, * Bdeere 
me, beautifull Lady, that you may count your selfe fortu- 
nate ; for having harboured my person in this your Castle, 
which is such, that if I doe not praise it, it is because men 
say, that proper praise stinkes, but my Squire will informe 
you what I am : onely this I will say my selfe, that I will 
keepe eternally written in my memory the service that 
you have done unto me, to he gratefull unto you for it 
whilst I live. And I would it might please tne highest 
heavens, that love held mee not so inthralled and subject 
to his lawes as he doth, and to the eyes of that ingrate- 
full faire, whose name I secretly mutter, then should those 
of this beautifull damzell presently signiorize my liberty.^ 
The Hostesse, her daughter, and the good Maritomes 
remained confounded, hearing the speech of our Knight 
Errant, which they understood as well as if hee had spoken 
Greeke unto them, but yet they conceived that they were 
words of complements and love, and as people unuised to 
heare the like language, they beheld and admired him, and 
he seemed unto them a man of the other world, and so re- 
turning him thankes, with Tavemly phrase for his large 
offers, they departed. And the Astunan Maritomes cured 
Sancho, who needed her helpe no lesse then his Master. 
184 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

The Carrier and she had agreed to passe the nisht CHAPTER 
together, and she had ^ven unto him her word, t£at II 

when the guests were quiet and her Master sleeping, she Of that which 
would come unto him, and satisfie his desire, as much as Wped unto 
he pleased. And it is said of this good wench, that she KniS^^^^'^ 
never passed the like promise, but that she performed it, within the 
although it were given in the midst of a wood, and without Inne^ which 
any witnesse ; for shee presumed to be of gentle bloud, and ^e supposed 
yet shee held it to be no disgrace to serve in an Inne, for ^ *^ * Castle, 
shee was wont to affirme, that disgraces and misfortunes 
bi*ought her to that state. The hard, narrow, niggard 
and counterfait bedde, whereon Don-Quixote lay, was the 
first of the foure, and next unto it was his Sauires, that 
onely contained a matte and a coverlet, and rather seemed 
to be of shome Canvasse, then WooU. After these two 
beddes follow^ that of the Carrier, made as wee have said, 
of the pannels and furniture of two of his best Mules, 
although they were twelve all in number, faire, fat, and 
goodly beasts ; for hee was one of the richest Carriers of 
Arevalo, as the Author of this history afRrmeth, who 
maketh particular mention of him, because he knew him 
very well : * and besides, some men say, that hee was some- *Here the 
what a kinne unto him. Omitting that Cid Mahamat Author taxeth 
Benengeli was a very exact Historiographer, and most ^nj^^fy 
curious in all things, as mar be gathered very well, seeing ^ y^^ ^* 
that those which are related, being so minute and trivial!, scended of a 
he would not over-slip them in silence. Moorish race. 

By which those grave Historiographers may take ex- 
ample, which recount unto us matters so short and suc- 
cinctly, as they doe scarce arrive to our knowledge, leaving 
the most substantial! part of the workes drowned in the 
Inkehome, either through negligence, malice, or ignorance. 
Many good fortunes betide the Authour of TManU de 
Ricamonte^ and him that wrote the booke wherein are 
rehearsed the acts of the Counte Tomillas. Lord, with 
what precisenesse doe they describe every circumstance? 
To conclude, I say, that after the Carrier had visited 
his Mules, and given unto them their second ration, he 
stretched himselfe in his coverlets, and expected the com- 

186 



CHAPTER 
II 

Of that which 
hapned unto 
the ingenuous 
Knight^ 
within the 
Inne^ which 
he supposed 
to be a Castle. 



*Di8parates. 



*Biaitnas. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

ming of the most exquisite Maritomes. Sancho was also 
bj tiiis plaistered and laid downe in his bed, and though 
he desired to sleepe, yet would not the griefe of his ribbes 
permit him. And Don-Quixote with the paine of his 
sides, lay with both his eyes open like a hare.' All the 
Inne was drowned in silence, and there was no other 
light in it, then that of a lainpe, which hung lightmg in 
the midst of the entry. This marvailous quietnesse, and 
the thoughts which alwaies represented to our Knight the 
memory of the successes, which at every pace are recounted 
in bookes of Knighthood (the principall Authors of his mis- 
hap) called to his imagination one of the strangest follies 
that easily may be conjectured, which was, he imagined 
that he arrivea to a famous Castle (for as we have said, 
all the Innes wherein he lodged, seemed unto him to be 
such) and that the Inne-keepers daughter was the Lord of 
the Castels, who overcome by his comlinesse and valour, 
was enamoured of him, and had promised, that shee 
would come to solace with him for a good space, after 
her Father and Mother had gone to bedde. And holding 
all this quimera and fiction, which he himselfe had built 
in his braine, for most firme and certaine, he began to be 
vexed in minde, and to thinke on the dangerous trance, 
wherein his honesty was like to fall, and did firmely pur- 
pose in heart, not to commit any disloyaltie against his 
Lady Dulcinea of Toboso, although very Queene Grenever 
with her Lady Queintanonia, should come to soUicite him. 
Whilst thus nee lay thinking of these * follies, the houre 
approched (that was unlucky for him) wherein the Asturian 
wench should come, who entred into the Chamber in search 
of her Carrier, in her smocke, barefooted, and her haire 
trust up in a coife of fustian, with soft and wary steps. 
But she was scarce come to the dore, when Don-Quixote 
felt her, and arising and sitting up in his bedde in despite 
of his *plaisters, and with great griefe of his ribbes, he 
stretched forth his armes to receive his beautifuU Damzell 
the Asturian, who crouching, and silently went groping 
with her hands, to finde out her sweetheart, and in- 
countred with Don-Quixotes armes, who presently seized 
1S6 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

veiy strongly upon one of her wrests, and drawing her CHAPTER 
towards him (shee darine not to speake a word) he caused ^^ 

her to sit upon his beddes side, and presently groped her Of that which 
smocke, and although it was of *the strongest Canvasse, ^^?^ ^"^^ 
hee thought it was most subtile and fine Holland. Shee KnS^^^^ 
wore on her wrests certaine bracelets of glasse, which he within the 
esteemed to be precious Orientall pearles. Her haire, which Inney which 
was almost as rough as a horse-taile, he held to be wires of J|f^^??|!^ 
the glistringst gold of Arabia, whose brightnesse did ob- ^ ^ -u^ 
scure that of the Sunne. And her breath, which certainely ^^^V^^*^^^ 
smelled like to stale salt fish, reserved from over-night, 
seemed unto him a most redolent, aromaticall and sweet 
smell, and finally he painted her in his phantasie of the 
same very forme and manner ; as hee had i^ad in his bookes 
of Knighthood, of a certaine Frincesse which came to visit 
a Knight who was grievously wounded, being overcome by 
his love, embellished with all the ornaments that here we 
have recounted : and the blindnesse of this poore Gallant 
was such, as neither the touching, savour, or other things 
that accompanied the good Damzell, could undeceive him, 
bein^ such as were able to make any other, save a Carrier, 
vomit up his bowels, but rather he made full account, that 
he held the Groddesse of love betweene his armes, and hold- 
ing her still very fast, hee beganne to court her with a low 
and amorous voice in this manner : ^ I could wish to finde 

* my selfe in termes, most high and beautifuU Lady, to 

* be able to recompence so great a favour, as that which 

* with the presence of your matchlesse feature you have 

* shewen unto me : but fortune (who is never weary of 

* persecuting the good) hath pleased to lay me in this 

* bedde, therein I fie so broken and brused, that although 
*' I were desirous to satisfie your will, yet is it impossible ; 

* specially seeing to thy impossibility may bee added a 
*' greater, to wit, the promisea faith which I have given to 
^ the unmatchable Dulcinea of Toboso, the onely Xiady of 
' my most hidden thoughts : for did not this let mee, doe 
*' not hold me to be so senselesse and madde a Knieht, 

* as to overslip so fortunate an occasion as this, which 
^ your bounty bath offered to me.^ 

S 137 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER Maritornes remained sweating, through anxiety to see her 
^^ selfe held so fast by Don-Quixote, and without either under- 

Of that which standing, or giving attention to his words, shee laboured all 
hapned unto ^y^^^ gj^^ could, to free her selfe from him without speak- 
Knh^ ing a word. The Carrier, whose badde intention kept him 

within the still waking, did feare his Lady from the time that shee first 
Inne, which entred into the roome, and aid attentively give eare to all 
to i^^?wt Don-Quixotes discourses, and jealous that Asturian should 
^ breake promise with him for any other, he drew nearer 
unto Don-Quixotes bedde, and stoode quiet, to see where- 
unto those words which he could not understand, tended. 
But viewing that the wench strived to depart, and Don- 
Quixote laboured to with-hold her, the jest seeming evill 
unto him, he up with his arme, and discharged so terrible 
a blow on the inamoured Knights jawes, as he bathed all his 
mouth in bloud, and not content here withall, he mounted 
upon the Knight, and did tread on his ribbes, and passed 
tnem all over with more then a trot. The bedde which was 
*Endebie, somewhat *weake, and not very firme of foundation, being 

unable to suffer the addition of the Carrier, fell downe 
to the ground, with so great a noise, as it waked the 
Inne-keeper; who presently suspecting, that it was one 
of Maritornes conflicts, because shee answered him not, 
having called her lowdly, he forthwith arose, and lighting 
of a lampe, he went towards the place where he heard the 
noise. The wench perceiving that her Master came, and 
that hee was extreme chollericke, did all ashamed and 
troubled runne into Sancho Pan9a''s bedde, who slept all 
this while very soimdly, and there crouched, and made her 
selfe as little as an egge. Her Master entered crying, 
whore, where art thoup I dare warrant that these are 
some of thy doings. By this Sancho awaked, and feeling 
that bulke lying almost wholly upon him, hee thought it 
was the night Mare, and beganne to lay with his fists here 
and there aoout him very swiftly, and among others wraught 
Maritornes I know not how many blows; who grieved 
for the paine shee indured there, casting all honesty aside, 
gave Sancho the exchange of his blowes so trimly, as she 
made him to awake in despite of his sluggishnesse. And 
138 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

finding himselfe to bee so abused of an uncouth person, CHAPTER 
whom he could not behold, he arose and caught hold of II 

Maritomes as well as he could, and they both began the Of that which 
best fight and pleasantest skirmish of the world. hapned unto 

The Carrier perceiving by the light which the Inne-keeper KnS^"*^^^* 
brought in witn him, the lamenUible state of his Mistris, witHn the 
abandoning Don-Quixote, he instantly repaired to give her Inne^ which 
the succor that was requisite; which likewise the Inne- he supposed 
keeper did, but with an other meaning, for hee approched ^^^^ Castle, 
with intention to punish the wench, beleeving that snee was 
infallibly the cause of all that harmony. And so as men 
say, the Cat to the Rat, the Rat to the Cord, the Cord to 
the Post ; so the Carrier strucke Sancho, Sancho the wench, 
shee returned him againe his liberality with interest, and 
the Innekeeper laide lode upon his maide also. And all 
of them did mince it with such expedition, as there was 
no leasure at all allowed to any one of them for breath- 
ing. And the best of all was, that the Innekeepers lampe 
went out, and then finding themselves in darkenesse, they 
belaboured one another so without compassion, and at 
once, as wheresoever the blow fell, it brusea the place pitti- 
fully. 

There lodged by chance that night in the Inne one of 
the Squadron of these, which are called of the old '*'holy ^*The holy 
brotherhood of Toledo, hee likewise hearing the wonderfiill brotherhood, 
noise of the fight, he laid hand on his rodde of office, and ^^^^^ 
the tinne-boxe of his titles, and entred into the chamber ^^ ^ certaine 
without light, saying. Stand still to the officer of Justice, number of 
and to the holy brotherhood. And saying so, the first men, whose 
whom he met, was the poore battered Don-Quixote, who ^^J^flLffl? 
lav overthrowne in his bed, stretched, with his face upward whway fitmi 
without any feeling, and taking hold of his beard, he cryed Rohberg. 
out incessantly, Helpe the Justice. But seeing that he 
whom hee held fast, Dowed neither hand or foote, hee pre- 
sently thought that hee was dead, and that those battaillants 
that fought so eagerly in the roome, had slaine him ; where- 
fore hee lifted his voice and cryed out lowdly, saying. Shut 
the Inne dore, and see that none escape, for here they have 
kild a man. This word astonished all the combatants so 

189 



CHAPTER 
II 

OfUiitiriiich 
hsfiiied unto 
the ingeuuoui 
Knight, 
within the 
Inne, which 
he BuppoBcd 
to be a Castle. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [""• 

much, as every one left the battaile in the very tenDe§( 
wherein this voice had overtaken them. The Inqekeeper 
retired himselie to his chamber, the Carrier to his coverlets, 
the wench to her couch, and onely the unfortunate Don- 
Quixote and Sancho, were not able to move themielves 
from the place wherein they lay. The officer of the holy 
brotherhood, in this space letting slip poore Don-Quixotes 
beard, went out for light, to searcti and apprehend the 
delinquents; hut hee could not iinde any, for the Inne- 
keeper had purposely quendied the lampe, as hee retyred 
to his bed : wherefore the officer was constrained to re- 
paire to the chimney, where, with great difficulty, 
after he had spent a long while doing of it, 
he at last lighted a candle. 



CHAPTER III 

Wherein are rehearsed the innumerable misfor- 
tunes, which Don-Quixote and his good Squire 
Sancho suffered in the Inne, which he to his 
harme thought to be a Castle. 

Y this time Don-Quixote was come to him- 
selfe againe out of his trance, and with 
the like lamentable note, as that where- 
withall hee had called his Squire the day 
before, when he was over-throwne in the 
Vale of the Packe-staves, he called to him, 
saying. Friend Sancho, art thou a sleepe ? 
sleepest thou, friend Sancho P What, I a 
sleepe ? I renounce my selfe, quoth Sancho, fidl of griefe 
and despite, if I thinke not all tne DiveU in hell have beene 
visiting of mee here this night Thou maist certainely 
beleeve it, replyed Don-Quixote, for either I know very 
140 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

little, or else this Castle is inchanted. For I let thee to CHAPTER 
wit, but thou must first sweare to keepe secret that which m 

I meane to tell thee now, untill fikfter my death. So ^Vherein are 
I sweare, quoth Sancho. I say it, quoth Don-Quixote, fe^ea"ed the 
because I cannot abide to take away any bodies honour. mSfortunwT 
Why, Quoth Sancho againe, I sweare that I will conceale which Don-' 
it untill after your Worships daies, and I pray God that I Quixote and 
may discover it to morrow. Have I wrought thee such ^^ ^^^ 
harme, Sancho, repUed the Knight, as thou wouldest desire g^J^ 
to see mee end so soone P It is not for that, Sir, quoth the Inne^ 
Sancho, but because I cannot abide to keepe things long, which he to 
lest they should rotte in my custody. * Let it be for his harme 
what thou pleasest, said Don-Quixote, for I doe trust u^^^^^^^ 
greater matters then that to thy love and curtesie. And 
that I may rehearse it unto thee briefly, know that a 
little while since, the Lord of this Castels Daughter 
came imto me, who is the most faire and beautiful! 
Damzell, that can bee found in a great part of the earth. 
What could I say unto thee of the ornaments of her 
person P what of her excellent wit ? what of other secret 
things, which, that I may preserve the faith due unto 
my Lady Dulcinea of Tol)oso, I passe over in silence P I 
will only tell thee, that heaven, envious of the inestim- 
able good that fortune had put in my hands ; or perhaps 
(and that is most probable) this Castell, as I have said, is 
inchanted, just at the time when wee were in most sweet 
and amorous speech, I being not able to see or know 
from whence it came, there arrived a hand joyned to the 
arme of some mighty Giant, and gave mee such a blow 
on the jawes, as they remaine all bathed in bloud, and 
did after so thumpe and bruse mee, as I feele my selfe 
worse now, then yesterday when the Carriers, throwh 
Rozinantes madnesse, did use us as thou knowest. By 
which I conjecture that the treasure of this Damzels 
beauty, is kept by some inchanted Moore, and is not 
reserved for me.** Nor for mee, quoth Sancho, for I have 
beene bumbasted by more then foure hundred Moores, 
which have hammered me in such sort, as the bruising of 
the Packe-staves, was gilded bread and spice-cakes in com- 

141 



CHAPTER 
III 

Wherein are 
rehearsed the 
innumerable 
misfortunes^ 
which Don- 
Quixote and 
his good 
Squire Sancho 
Buffered in 
the Inne^ 
which he to 
hisharme 
thought to 
be a Castle. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

parison of it : but, Sir, I pray you tell me, how can you 
call this a good and rare adventure, seeing we remaine 
so pittifuUy used after it ? and yet your harmes may be 
accounted lesse, in respect you have held, as you said, that 
incomparable beauty oetweene your armes : but I, what 
have I had other then the greatest blowes that I shall 
ever have in my life P Unfortunate that I am, and the 
Mother which bare mee, that neither am an Errant Knight, 
nor ever meanes to be any, and yet the greatest part of 
our mishaps stil fals to my lot. It seemes that thou wast 
likewise beaten, replyed Don-Quixote. Evill befall my 
linage, quoth Sancho, have not I told you I was ? Be not 
grieved friend, replied the Knight, for I wiU now com- 
pound the precious Balsamum, which will cure us in the 
twinkling of an eye. 

The officer having by this time lighted his lampe, entred 
into the roome to see him, whom he accounted to be dead : 
and as soone as Sancho saw him ; seeing him to come in, in 
his shirt, his head lapt up in a kerchiefe, the Lampe in his 
hand, having withall a very evil-favoured countenance, hee 
demanded of his Lord : Sir, is this by chance the inchanted 
Moore, that turnes anew to torment us, for somewhat that 
is yet unpunished P He cannot bee the Moore, answered 
Don-Quixote, for Nigromancers suffer not themselves to bee 
scene by any. If they suffer not themselves to be seene, 
quoth Sancho, they suffer themselves at least to bee felt : 
if not, let my shoulders beare witnesse. So might mine 
also, said Don-Quixote, but notwithstanding this is no 
sufficient argument to prove him whom wee see to bee 
the inchanted Moore. As thus they discoursed, the officer 
arrived, and finding them to commune in so peaceable 
and quiet manner, he rested admired. Yet Don -Quixote 
lay with his face upward as he had left him, and was 
not able to stirre himselfe, hee was so beaten and be- 
plaistered. The officer approching demaunded of him, 
Well, how dost thou, good fellow ? I would speake more 
mannerly, quoth Don-Quixote, if I were but such a one as 
thou art : is it the custome of this Countrey, you bottle- 
head, to talke after so rude a manner to Knights Errant P 

142 



\ 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

The other impatient, to see one of so vile presence, use CHAPTER 

him with that badde language, could not indure it, but ^^^ 

lifting up the lampe, oile and all, gave Don -Quixote Wherein are 

such a blow on the pate with it, as he broke his head in fehea^ed the 
. 1 *^ji • n»ji t_i_«j innumerable 

one or two places, and leavmg ail m darkenesse behmde misfortunes 

him, departed presently out of the chamber. Without which Don-' 
doubt (quoth Sfl^cho seeing this accident) Sir, that was the Quixote and 
inchanted Moore, and I thinke he keepeth the treasure ^"'?^^ , 
for others, and reserveth only for us fists, and lampe- gu^^^gd in^ 
blowes. It is as thou saiest, quoth Don-Quixote, and the Inne, 
therefore wee are not to make account of these inchant- which he to 
ments, or be wroth and angry at them : for in respect ^^ h^me 
that they are invisible and fantasticall, wee shall not nnde ilg^^fjag^ 
him on whom we may take revenge, though wee labour 
ever so much to doe it. Arise therefore, Sancho, if thou 
beest able, and call to the Constable of this Fortresse, 
and procure me some oile, wine, salt, and vineger, that I 
make the wholsome Balsamum: for verily I beleeve that 
I doe neede it very much at this time, the bloud runneth 
so fast out of the ^ound which the spirit gave mee even 
now. Sancho then got up with griefe enough of his 
bones, and went without hght towards the Innekeepers, 
and incountred on the way the officer of the holy brother- 
hood, who stood hearkning what did become of his enemy ; 
to whom hee said ; Sir, whosoever thou beest, I desire thee 
do us the favor and benefit to give me a little Rosemary, 
Oile, Wine, and Salt, to cure one of the best Knights 
Errant that is in the earth, who lieth now in that bed 
sorely wounded by the hands of an inchanted Moore that 
is in this Inne. When the officer heard him speake in that 
manner, hee held him to bee out of his wits ; and because 
the dawning beganne, he opened the Inne dore, and told 
unto the Host, that which Sancho demanded. The Inne- 
keeper presently provided all that hee wanted, and Sancho 
carried it to his Master, who held his head betweene both 
his hands, and complained much of the griefe that the blow 
of his head caused^ which did him no other hurt then to 
raise up two blisters somewhat great, and that which hee 
supposed to bee bloud, was onely the humour, which the 

148 



THE FIRST PART OF THE L^ 

CHAPTER anxiety and labour of minde he past in this last darke 

HI adventure, had made him to sweate. 

Wherein are In resolution Don-Quixote tooke his simples, of which 
rehearsed the hg made a compound, mixing them all together, and then 
mSfKw ^oihng of them a good while, untill they came (as hee 
which Don-' thought) to their perfection, hee asked for a violl wherein 
Quixote and he might lay this precious liquor: but the Inne being 
his ^ood unable to afford him any such, hee resolved at last to put 

^J^^^^ it into ♦a tmne oilepot, which the Host did make freely 
the Inne P^® ^^ 5 ^^^ forthwith he said over the pot eighty Pater- 

which he to nosters, and as many Aves, Salves, and Creedes, ana accom- 
his harme panied every word with a Crosse, in forme of benediction, 
hft^'^f^^Ltf^ at all which ceremonies Sancho, the Innekeeper, and the 
a e. Officer of the holy brother-hood were present, for the Carrier 
Hoja de lata, ^g^t very soberly to dresse and make ready his Mules. 

The liquor l)eing made, hee himselfe would presently 
make experience of the vertue of that precious Balsamum, 
as he did imagine it to bee, and so did drinke a good 
draught of the overplus that could not enter into his pot, 
being a quart or thereabouts; and scarce had he done it, 
when he began to vomit so extremely, as hee left nothing 
uncast up in his stomacke, and through the paine and agita- 
tion caused by his vomits, hee fell into a very aboundant 
and great sweate, and therefore commanded himselfe to bee 
well covered, and left alone to take his ease. Which was 
done forthwith, and hee slept three houres : and then awak- 
ing, found himselfe so wonderfully eased, and free from all 
brusing and paine, as hee doubted not but that hee was 
thorowly whole ; and therefore did verily perswade himselfe, 
that hee had hapned on the right manner of compound- 
ing the Balsamum of Fierebras: and that having that 
medicine, hee might boldly from thenceforth undertake any 
mines, battailes, conflicts, or adventures, how dangerous 
soever. Sancho Pan9a, who likewise attributed the suddaine 
cure of his Master to miracle, requested, that it would please 
him to give him leave to sippe up the remainder of the 
Balsamum, which rested in the kettle, and was no small 
quantity ; which Don-Quixote granted : and hee lifting it 
up between both hands, did with a good faith, and better 
144 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

talent, quaffe it off all, being little lesse then his Master CHAPTER 
had drunke. The successe then of the History is, that H^ 

poore Sancho's stomacke, was not so delicate as his Lords, Wherein are 
wherefore before hee could cast, hee was tormented with so feheareed tiie 
many cruell pangues, loathings, sweats, and dismayes, as he ^^fbrti^es^ 
did verily perswade himselfe, that his last houre was come : which Don-' 
and perceiving himselfe to bee so afflicted and troubled, hee Quixote and 
cursed the Balsamum, and on the Theefe which had given it ^ ?^^ 
to him. Don-Quixote seeing of him in that pitifull taking, ^^^g^j ^ ^ 
said, I beleeve, Sancho, all this evill befalleth thee, because the Inne^ 
thou art not dub^d Knight : for I perswade my selfe, that this which he to 
liquor cannot helpe any one that is not Ii your Worship ^ harme 
knew that, quoth Sancho, (eviU befall mee and all my linage) S^^astie. 
why did you therefore consent that I should tast it P 

in this time the drench had made his operation, and the 

Eoore Squire did so swift and vehemently oischarge himself^ 
y both channels, as neither his mat, or canvasse covering 
could serve after to any use. Hee swet, and swet againe 
with such excessive swoonings, as not only himselfe, but 
likewise all the beholders, did verily deeme, that his life was 
ending. This storme and mishappe endured about some two 
howres, after which, he remained not cured as his Master, 
but so weary and indisposed, as hee was not able to stand. 

But Don -Quixote, who as we have said, felt himselfe 
eased and cured, would presently depart to seeke adventures, 
it seeming unto him, that all the time which hee aboade there, 
was no other then a depriving, both of the world and need- 
full people, of his favour and assistance : and more through 
the security and confidence that he had in his Balsamum. 
And carried thus away by this desire, hee himselfe saddled 
his Horse Rozinante, and did empannell his Squires beast, 
whom he likewise holpe to apparell himselfe, and to mount 
upon his Asse. And presently getting a Horse-backe, hee 
roade over to a comer ot the Inne, and laid hand on a laveline 
that was there, to make it serve him in stead of a Launce. 
All the people that were in the Inne, stood beholding of 
him, which were above twentie in number. 

The Innekeepers Daughter did also looke upon him, and 
hee did never withdraw his eye from her, and would ever and 

T 146 



CHAPTER 
III 

Wherein are 
rehearsed the 
innumerable 
misfortunes, 
which Don- 
Quixote and 
his ffood 
Squire Sancho 
Buffered in 
the Inne^ 
which he to 
his harme 
thought to 
beaCastle. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

anon breathe foorth so dolefull a sigh, as if he had plucked it 
out from the bottome of his heart, which all the beholders 
tooke to proceed from the griefe of his ribbes, but specially 
such as had seene him playstered the night before. And 
being both mounted thus a Horse-backe, hee called the Inne- 
keeper, and said unto him with a grave and stayed voyce, 
Many and great are the favours, Sir Constable, whicn I 
have received in this your Castell, and doe remayne most 
obliged, to gratifie you for them all the dayes oi my life. 
And if I may pay or recompence them by revenging of you 
upon any prowde Miscreant, that hath done you any wrongs, 
know, that it is mine Office to helpe the weake, to revenge 
the wronged, and to chastise Traytours. Call therefore to 
memory, and if you finde any thing of this kinde to com- 
mend to my correction, you neede not but once to say it, 
for I doe promise unto you by the Order of Knighthood, 
which I have received, to satisfie and appay you according 
unto your owne desire.' 
The Innckeeper answered him againe with like gravity 
and stayednesse, saying. Sir Knight, I shall not neeoe your 
assistance when any wrong is done to me, for I know very 
well my selfe, how to take the revenge that I shall thinke 
good when the injuric is offered. That only which I require, 
is that you defray the charges whereat you have beene here in 
the Inne this night, as well for the Straw and Barley given 
to your two horses, as also for bothyour beddes. This then 
is an Inne P quoth Don-Quixote. That it is, and an honour- 
able one too, replyed the Inne-keeper. Then have I hitherto 
lived in an errour, quoth Don-Quixote: for in very good 
sooth I tooke it till now to be a Castell, and that no meane 
one neyther. But since that it is no Castell but an Inne, 
that which you may doe for the present time, is to forgive 
me those expences, for I cannot aoe ought against the cus- 
tomes of Knights Errants ; of all whicn I most certainely 
know (without ever having read untill this present, any 
thing to the contrarie) that they never paiae for their 
lod^ng, or other thmg, in any Inne wheresoever they lay. 
For by all Law and right, any good entertainement that is 
given unto them, is their due, in recompence of the insup- 
146 



> 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sortable travels they indure, seeking of adventures both CHAPTER 
ay and night, in Summer and Winter, a foote and a horse- ^^^ 

backe, with tiiirst and hunger, in heate and cold, being Wherein are 
subject to all the distemperatures of Heaven, and all the [^J*"*^^*® 
discommodities of the eisuth. All that conoemes mee miBfortunea 
nothing, replied the Inne-keeper : pay unto me my due, which Don-' 
and leave ttiese tales and Knighthoods apart, for I care for Quixote and 
nothing else, but how I may come by mine owne. Thou art ^ ?^^*sLii h 
a mad and a bad Host, auoth Don-Quixote : and saying so g^fH^^ i^^ ^ 
he spurd Rozinante, ana flourishing with his laveun, hee the Inne^ 
issued out of the Inne, in despight of them all, and without which he to 
looking behind him to see once whether his Squire followed, ^}^ liarme 
heroaaeagoodwayofffiomit. ^"."Siul 

The Inkeeper seeing hee departed without satisfying 
him, came to Sancho Panfa, to get his money of him : who 
answered, that since his Lord would not pay, he would 
likewise give nothing: for being, as hee was. Squire to a 
Knight Errand, the very same rule and reason tiiat exempted 
his Master from payments in Innes and Tavemes, ought also 
to serve and be understood as well of him. The Inkeeper 
grew wroth at these words and threatned him, that if he 
aid not pay him speedily, hee would recover it in manner 
that would grieve him. Sancho replied, swearing by the 
order of Knighthood which his Lord had received, that he 
would not pay one denier, thoudi it cost him his life ; for the 
good and auncient customes of Knights Errants, should never 
through his default bee infringed, nor should their Squires 
which were yet to come into the world ever complaine on 
him, or upbraide him for transgressing or breaking so just 
a dutie. But his bad fortune ordained, that there were 
at the veiy time in the same Inne fowre Clothien of Segovia, 
and three Point-makers of the Stewes of Cordova, and two 
neighbours of the Market of Sivill, all pleasant folke, well- 
minded, malicious, and playsome, all which pricked and in a 
manner moved all at one time and by the very same spirit, 
came neere to Sancho, and pulling him downe off his Asse, 
one of them ranne in for the Inkeepers Coverlet, and casting 
him into it, they looked up, and seeing the House was some- 
what too low for their int^ded businesse, they determined to 

147 



CHAPTER 
III 

Wherein are 
rehemedthe 
innamerable 
misfortunes^ 
which Don- 
Quixote and 
his good 
Squire Sancho 
suffered in 
the Inne, 
which he to 
his harme 
thought to 
he a Castle. 



*Oauan. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

me into the base Court, which was over-head onely limitted 
by heaven : and then Sancho being laide in the midst of the 
Blanket, they began to tosse him aloft, and sport themselves 
with him, in the manner they were wont to use Dogges 
at Shrovetide. The out-cries of the miserable betossed 
Squire were so many and so lowde, as they arrived at last to 
his Lords hearing, who standing awhile to listen attentively 
what it was, believed that some new adventure did approach, 
untill hee perceived at last that he, which cried, was his 
Squire: wherefore turning the Raignes, hee made towards 
the Inne with a loathsome galloppe, and finding it shut, 
he rode all about it, to see whether hee might enter into it. 
But scarce was he arrived at the walles of the base Court 
which were not very hie, when he perceived the foule play 
that was used towards his Squire ; for hee saw him descend 
and ascend into the ayre againe with such grace and agilitie, 
that did his choUer permit, I certainely perswade my selfe he 
would have burst for laughter. He assayed to mount the 
wall from his Horse, but he was so bruised and broken, as 
he could not doe as much as alight from his backe. Where- 
fore from his backe he used such reprochfuU and vile lan- 
Eiage to those which tossed Sancho, as it is impossible to 
y them downc in writing. And notwithstanding all his 
scomefuU speech, yet did not they cease from their laughter 
and laboiu*, nor the flying Sancho, from his complaints, now 
and then medled with threats, now and then with intreaties ; 
but availed very little, nor could prevaile, untill they were 
constrained by wearinesse to give him over. Then did they 
bring him his Asse againe, and helping him up upon it, 
they lapt him in his * mantle. And the compassionate 
Maritomes beholding him so a£9icted and ore laboured, 
thought it needfuU to helpe him to a draught of water, and 
so brought it him from the well, because the water thereof 
was coolest Sancho tooke the pot and laying it to his lips, 
he abstained from drinking by his Lords jperswasion, wno 
cryed to him aloud, saying, Sonne Sancho, drinke not water, 
drinke it not, Sonne, for it will kill thee. Behold, I have 
here with me the most holy Balsamum (and shewed him the 
oile pot of the drenches he had compounded) for with only 
148 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

two drops that thou drinkest, thou shalt without all doubt CHAPTER 
remaine whole and soimd. At those words Sancho looking ^^^ 

behinde him, answered his Master with a lowder voice, Have Wherein are 
you forgotten perhaps so soone, how that I am no Knight ? [^^^^^^ 
or doe you desire, that I vomit the remnant of the poore misfortunes 
bowels that remaine in mee since yesternight P Keepe your which Don- 
liquor for your selfe in the Divels name, and permit me to Quixote and 

live in peace ; and the conclusion of this speech, and his \^ ?^ , 
V . .'^ , J . 1 J II . • ^ J. I. J. /» j« SquireSancho 

beginning to dnnke, was done all m one instant : but finding suffered in 

at the firet draught that it was water, he would not tast it the Inne^ 
any more, but requested Maritomes that shee would give which he to 
him some wine, wnich shee did streight with a very good ^ ^^^^ 
will, and likewise paied for it, out of her owne purse ; for in be^ia?!agtle. 
effect it is written of her, that though shee toUowed that 
trade, yet had shee some shadowes and lineaments in her of 
Christianity. As soone as Sancho had drunken, he visited 
his Asse ribs with his heeles twise or thrise ; and the Inne 
being opened, he issued out of it, very glad that he had 
payed nothing, and gotten his desire, although it were to 
the cost of his ordinary sureties, to wit, his shoulders. Yet 
did the Innekeeper remaine possest of his wallets, as a pay- 
ment for that he ought him ; but Sancho was so distracted 
when he departed, as he never missed them. After he 
departed, the Inne-keeper thought to have shut up the Inne 
doore againe, but the Gentlemen tossers would not permit, 
being such folke, that if Don-Quixote were verily one 
of the Knights of the round Table, yet would 
not they esteeme him two chips. 



149 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 




CHAPTER nil 

Wherein are rehearsed the discourses passed 

betweene Sancho Fan9a, and his Lord 

Don-Quixote, with other adventures 

worthy the recital! 

ANCHO arrived to his Master all wanne 
and dismayed, in so mudi as he was scarce 
ai^le ta spur on his beast. When Don- 
Quixote beheld him in that case, hee said 
to him, Now doe 1 wholly perswade my 
selfe, iiriend Sancho, that that Castle or 
lime, ii doubtlesly inchanted. For those 
which made pastime with thee in so cruell 
it, what else could they be but spirits, or people of 
another world? which I doe the rather beleeve, because I 
saw, that whilest I stoode at the barrier of the yard, behold- 
ine the acts of thy sadde Traeedy ; I was not in any wise 
able either to mount it, or alight from Rozinante : for as I 
say, I thinke they held me then inchanted. For I tow to 
thee by mine honour, that if I could have either mounted 
or alighted, I would have taken such Tenceance on those 
lewde and treacherous Caitifs, as they should remember the 
jest for ever, though I had therefore adventured to tran»- 
gresse the laws of Knighthood. Which as I have ofttimei 
said unto thee permitteth not any Knight to lay hands on 
one that is not Knighted, if it bee not in defence of his proper 
life and person, and that in case of great and urgent necessity. 
So would I also have revenged my selfe, quou Sancho, if I 
might, were they Knights or no Knights, but I could not: 
and yet I do infallibly believe, that those which tooke their 
pleasure with me, were neither ghosts, nor inchanted men as 
you say, but men of flesh and liones as we are, and all of 
them, as I heard them cald whilest they tossed mee, had 
160 ' 



'^ 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

proper names, for one was tearmed Peter Martinez, and CHAPTER 
another Tenorio Hernandez, and I heard also the Inne- ^^^^ 
keeper called lohn Palameque the deafe : so that for your Wherein are 
inability of not leaping over the barriers of the yardf, or 'chearsedthe 
alighting off your horse, was only inchauntments in you. passed 
Whereby I do clearely collect this much, that these adven- betweene 
tures which we goe in search of, will bring us at last to so SanchoPan9ft, 
many disventures, as wee shall not be able to know which is ?{)f ^ ?^?^ 
our right foote. And that which wee might doe best accord- ^ith^OT ' 
ing to my little understanding, were to retume us againe adventures 
to our village, now that it is reaping time, and looke to worthy the 
our goods, omitting to leape thus as they say, out of the '©citafl. 
frying pan into the fire. 

How little doest thou know, Sancho, replyed Don-Quixote, 
what appertaineth to Chivalry ! Peace, and have patience, 
for a day will come, wherein thou shalt see with thme owne 
eyes, how honourable it is to follow this exercise. If not, 
tell me, what greater content may there be in this world, 
or what pleasure can equall that of winning a battaile, and of 
triumphmg over ones enemy P none without doubt. I thinke 
it be so, quoth Sancho, although I doe not know it ; only 
this I luiow, that since we became Knights errant, or that 
you are one (for there is no reason why I should count my 
selfc in so honourable a number) wee never overcame any 
battaile, if it was not that of the Biscaine, and you came even 
out of the very same with halfe your eare ana beaver lesse. 
And ever after that time, we have had nothing but cudgels, 
and more cudgels, blowes, and more blowes : I carrying with 
me besides of overplus, the tossing in the blanket, and that, 
by reason it was done to me by inchanted persons, I cannot 
be revenged) and by consequence shall not know that true 
gust and delight, tliat is taken by vanquishing mine enemies, 
wherof you spake even now. That is it which grieves me, as 
it should thee also, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote : but I will 
procure hereafter to get a sword, made with such art, that 
whosoever shaU weare it, no kinde of inchantment shall 
hurt him. And perhaps fortune will present mee the very 
same which belonged to Amadis, when he called himselie 
the Knight of the burning sword, which was one of the 

ISl 



THE FIRST PART OF THE Tub. 

CHAPTER best, that ever Knight had in this world : for besides the 
mi yertue that I told, it did also cut like a Razer, and no 
Wherein are armour, were it ever so strong or inchanted, could stand 
5^^]J^^® before it I am so fortunate, quoth Sancho, that when 
pagg^ this befell, and that you found such a sword, it would only 

betweene serve and be beneficiall, and stand in stead such as are 
SanchoPan^a, dubbed Knights, as doth your Balsamum, whilest the poore 
n^joi^aUi ^^'^ *^ cramd full with sorrowes. Feare not that, 
wi^ other ' Siuicho, quoth Don-Quixote, for fortune will deale with thee 
adventures more liberally then so. 

worthy the In these discourses Don-Quixote and his Squire roade, 

recitaO. when Don-Quixote perceiving a great and thicke dust to 

arise in the way, wherein he travailed, turning to Sancho 
said. This is (Sancho) the day, wherein shall be manifest the 
good which Fortune hath reserved for me. This is the day, 
wherein the force of mine arme must be shewen as much as 
in any other whatsoever, and in it will I doe such feats, as 
shall for ever remainc recorded in the bookes of fame; 
doest thou see, Sancho, the dust which ariseth there? 
Know that it is caused by a mighty army, and sundry and 
innumerable Nations, which come marching there. If that 
oe so, quoth Sancho, then must there be two armies, for 
on this other side is raised as great a dust. Don-Quixote 
turned backe to behold it, and seeing it was so indeed, he 
was marvailous glad, thinking that they were doubtlesly 
two armies, which came to fight one with another, in the 
midst of that spacious plaine. For he had his fautasie ever 
replenished with these battailes, inchantments, successes, 
ravings, loves, and challenges, which are rehearsed in bookes 
of Knighthood: and all that ever hee spoke, thought, or 
did, was addrest and applyed to the like things : and the 
dust which hee had scene was raised by two great flocks of 
Sheepe, that came through the same held by two different 
waies, and could not be discerned by reason of the dust, 
untill they were very neare. Don-Quixote did affirme that 
they were two armies, with so very good earnest as Sancho 
beleeved it, and demanded of him. Sir, what then shall we 
two doe ? What should we doe (quoth Don-Quixote) but 
assist the needfull and weaker side ? For thou shalt know, 
15S 



"I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sancho, that he who comes towards us, is the great Em- CHAPTER 
perour Alifamfaron, Lord of the great Island of Trapobana. ^^ 
The other who marcheth at our backe, is his enemy the Wherein are 
King of the Garamantes, Pentapoline of the naked arme, ^?^®*"^ ^^ 
so called, because he still entereth in battayle, with his right passed 
arme naked. I pray you, good Sir, quoth Sancho, to tell betweene 
me why these two Princes hate one another so much ? Sancho Pan9a, 
They are enemies, replyed Don-Quixote, because that this J?^ ^ }^^ 
Alifamfaron is a furious Pagan, and is enamoured of Penta- wi^ o^!er 
polins Daughter, who is a very beautifull and gracious adventures 
Princesse, and moreover a Christian. And her Father worthy the 
refuseth to give her to the Paean King, untill first he wcitaU, 
abandon Mahomets false sect, and l)ecome one of his reli- 
gion. By my beard, quoth Sancho, Pentapolin hath reason, 
and I will helpe him all that I may. By doing so, quoth 
Don -Quixote, thou performest thy duty ; for it is not 
requisite that one be a Knight, to the end hee may enter 
into such battailes. I doe apprehend that my selfe, quoth 
Sancho, very well : but where snail we leave this Asse in the 
meane time, that we may be sure to finde him againe after 
the conflict, for I thinke it is not the custome to enter into 
battell, mounted on such a beast ? ^ It is true, quoth Don- 

* Quixote, that which thou maist do is, to leave him 
^ to his adventures, and care not whether he be lost or 

* found, for we shall have so many horses, after comming 
^ out of this battaile victors, that very Rozinante him- 

* selfe, is in danger to be changed for another. But be 

* attentive, for I meane to describe unto thee the principall 

* Knights of both the armies. And to the end thou maiest 
' the better see and note all things, let us retire our selves 
^ there to that little hillocke, from whence both the Armies 

* may easily be descryed.^ 

They did so, and standing on the toppe of a hill, from 
whence they might have scene both the flocks, which 
Don-Quixote called an army very well, if the cloudes of 
dust had not hindred it and blinded their sight, yet not- 
withstanding our Knight seeing in conceit that which really 
hee did not see at all, began to say with a lowde voice : 
'That Knight which thou seest there with the yellow 
U 168 



CHAPTER 

nil 

Wherein are 
rehearsed the 
discourses 
passed 
Detweene 
SanchoPanfa, 
and his Lord 
Don-Quixote, 
with other 
adventures 
worth V the 
redtaU. 



^Oaio. 



*Alfiiruu 






THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

armour, who beares in his shield a Lyon crownd, crouch- 
ing at a Damzels feet, is the valorous Laurcalco, Lord of 
the Silver Bridge: the other, whose armes are powdred 
with flowers of gold, and Beares in an Azure field, three 
Crownes of silver, is the dreaded Micocolembo, great Duke 
of Quirocia : the other limmed like a Giant, that standeth 
at his right hand, is the undaunted Brandabarbaran of 
Boliche, Lord of the three Arabias, and comes armed with 
a Serpents skinne, bearing for his shield as is reported 
one of the gates of the Temple, which Samson at his 
death overthrew, to be revenged of his enemies. But tume 
thine eyes to this other side, and thou shalt see first of 
all, and in the front of this other army, the ever victor 
and never vanquished Timonel of Carcaiona, Prince of 
new Biskaye, who comes armed, with armes parted into 
Blew, Greene, White, and Yellow quarters, and beares 
in his shield in a field of Tawney, * a Cat of gold, with 
a letter that sales Miau, which is the beginning of his 
Ladies name, which is, as the report runnes, the peerelesse 
Miaulina, Daughter to Duke Alfeniauen of Algarve. The 
other that burdens and oppresseth the backe of that 
mighty * Courser, whose armour is as white as snow, and 
also his shield without any devise, is a new Elnight of 
France, called Pierres Papin, Lord of the Barony of 
Utrique. The other that oeats his horse sides with his 
armed heeles, and beares the armes of pure Azure, is the 
mighty Duke of Nerbia, Espartafilardo ot the Wood : Who 
beares for his device, a * Harrow, with a Motto that saies, 
^^ So trailes my Fortune.^ ^ And thus he proceeded forward, 
naming many Knights of the one and the other squadron, 
even as he had imagined them, and attributed to each one, 
his armes, his colours, imprese, and Mottoes, suddainly 
borne away by the imagination of his wonderfull distrac- 
tion. And without stammering he proceeded, sayin^r, < This 
^ first squadron containeth folke of many Nations, m it are 
^ those which taste the sweet waters of famous Xante. The 
* Mountainous men that tread the Masilicall fields. Those 
^ that doe sift the most pure and rare gold of Arabia Foelix. 
' Those that possessed the famous and delightfiill bankes 
154 



^ 



nij HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ of cleare Tennodonte. Those that let bloud many and CHAPTER 
^ sundry waies the golden Pactolus. The Numides unsted- ^^ 

* fast in their promise. The Persians famous for Archers. Wherein are 
< The Partha and Medes that firfit flying. The Arabs, 5?i^^*^* 
^ inconstant in their dwellings. The tithes as cruell as passed 

^ white. The ^thiops of boared lips, and other infinite betweene 
^ Nations, whose faces I know and behold, although I have SanchoPanfa, 

* forgotten their denominations. In that other army come ^^ jnj^^^ 
^ those that taste the Christaline streames of the OUve- wi^ otto * 

* bearing Betis, those that dippe and polish their faces with adventures 
^ the liquor of the ever-rich and golden Tagus. Those that ^^^7 the 

* possesse the profitable fluent of divine Grenile. Those that '•citaU. 
^ trample the Tartesian fields so abundant in pasture. Those 

^ that recreat themselves in the Elisean fields of Xerez. The 

* rich Manchegans crowned with ruddy eares of come : 
^ Those apparelled with jrron, the ancient relikes of the 
^ Gothish bloud. Those that bathe themselves in Pisuerga, 
^ renowmed for the smoothnesse of his current. Those that 
^ feed their flocks in the vast fields of the wreathing 
^ Guadiana, so celebrated for his hidden course. Those that 
^ tremble tlurough the cold of the bushy Pirens, and the 

^ * loftv Apenines. Finally, all those that Europe in it selfe *0r white 

* containetn." crested. 

Good God, how many Provinces repeated he at that time, 
and how many Nations did he name, giving to every one of 
them, with marvailous celerity and briefiiesse, their proper 
attributes, being swallowed up and ingulfed in those things 
which he had read in his lying bookes! Sancho Pan^a, 
stood suspended at his speech, and spoke not a word, but 
only would now and then tume his head to see, whether he 
could marke those Knights and Giants, which his Lord had 
named ; and by reason he could not discover any, he said, 
Sir, I give to the Div^U any man, Giant, or Knight, of all 
those you said that appeareth : at least I cannot disceme them. 
Perhaps all is but mchantment, like that of the ghosts of 
yesternight. How? saiest thou so? quoth Don-Quixote. 
Doest not thou heare the horses neigh, the trumpets sound, 
and the noyse of the drummes? I heare nothing else, 
said Sancho, but the great bleating of many Sheepe. And 

155 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

tf.'IIAKIICK m it wiui indeede, for br this time« the two flocks did 

^'^^ a|;|/n^rtj Uiem very Deare. The feare that thou conoeivest, 

Wi4<.ji')«i iM«f Sttfj<:h<>, «juoth Don -Quixote, maketh thee that thou canst 

^.•|u«i.4/< li.ir „4-jlJii.r h<'ar<; nor see aright, for one of the effects of feare is 

*^".!l!i*^' *"" tioijlih' the senses, and make things appeare otherwise 

|;!jl**.**'L ••'*'• <li«'y AH*: and seeing thou fearest so much, retire thy 

ii,ih'h'il''th\*t^ inlfi' out of the way, for I alone am sufficient to give the 

»tM i'N hint virility U} Lhiit part which I shall assist, and having ended 

!'ir//./il»M'*"' '*'• "I"*'*'*. '»' «^'t spurres to Rozinante, and setting his 

,!'j liWSL tMiwti ill tlu* HcMit, hee flung downc from the hillocke Uke a 

>/fHy Hm. lliiiiitlri'lHilt. Sanclio cryed to him as lowd as he could, say- 

p'HmH ih^, Mi'liiriii*, goiKi Sir Don-Quixote, for I vow unto God, 

Ihal ull IhiiHc* which you go to charge, are but Sheepe and 
Miilliiiu. Ki^liirius 1 say, alas that ever I was borne, what 
luml lu'a&o in I hi« P h>tikis for there is neither Giant, nor Knight, 
11(11 i 'iiU, nor Arnii'H, nor Shields, parted, nor whole, nor pure 
Aibiiitik, iiiir ilivolliNh. What is it you doe, wretch that I 
iMM f l\n nil thin Don-Quixote did not retume, but rather 
iiiili>, MvliiH ^'ith a lowde voice: On, on, Ejiights, all you 
lliiil hi'i\r ami nmrch under the banners of the valorous 
|*.;iii|iriiMii l\*ii(anolin of the naked Arme, follow mee, all of 
yiiii, iiihl \MMi nIihII sec how easily I will revenge him on his 
niriiiy AlilAinriiron of Trapobana : and saying so, hee entred 
iut«» the* iiiidiloHt of the flocke of Sheepe, and began to 
l^iuiKv l.lu'in with such courage and fury, as if hee did in 
go4t(i fiirnc'Nt (Micounter his mortall enemies. 

'I'hc SheiMw-heards that came with the flocke, cryed to him 

to leave on: but seeing their words tooke no effect, they 

unloosed their slings, and beganne to salute his pate with 

stones as great as ones fist. But Don-Quixote made no 

account of tlieir stones, and did fling up and downe among 

the Sheepe, saying, Where art thou, prowde Alifamfaron, 

jk where art tiiou? come to mee, for I am but one Knight 

^^ alone, who desires to proove my forces with thee man to 

I man, and deprive thee of thy life, in paine of the wrong 

1 thou doi>st to tlie valiant Pentapolin the Garamiante. At 

J that instant a stone gave him such a blow on one of his 

■ sides, as did bury two of his ribbes in his body. Hee 

M beholding himsclfe so ill dight, did presently beleeve that hee 

M 166 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

was either slaine or sorely wounded ; and remembring him- CHAPTER 
selfe of his liquor, hee tooke out his oyle pot, and set it to H^' 
his mouth to drinke, but ere he could take as much as hee Wherein are 
thought was requisite to cure his hurts, there commeth ^«^«a"«i the 
another Almond which strucke him so full uppon the hand ^^^^ 
and oyle-pot, as broke it into peeces, and carryed away with betweene 
it besides three or foure of his cheeke teeth, and did more- SanchoPknfa, 
over bruise very sorely two of his finirers. Such was the ??^ his Lord 
first and the second blow, as the poore Knight was con- JfthlS**' 
strained to fall downe ofi^ his horse. And the Sheep-heards adventures 
arriving, did verily beleeve they had slaine him ; and there- worthy the 
fore gathering tneir flocke together with all speede, and recitalL 
carrymg away their dead Muttons, which were more then 
seven, they went away without verifying the matter any 
further. 

Sancho remained all this while on the height, beholding 
his Masters follies, pulling the haires of his beard for very 
despite, and cursed the houre and moment wherein he first 
knew him ; but seeing him overthrowne to the earth, and 
the Sheep-heards fled away, hee came downe to him, and 
found him in very badde taking, yet had he not quite lost 
the use of his senses, to whom he said : Did not I bid you, 
Sir Knight, retume, and told you that you went not to 
invade an army of men, but a flocke of sheepe? That 
theefe the wise man who is mine adversary, quoth Don- 
Quixote, can counterfait, and make men to seeme such, 
or vanish away as he pleaseth : for, Sancho, thou oughtest 
to know, that it is a very easie thing for those kinde of men, 
to make us seeme what they please : and this Maligne that 
persecuteth mee, envying the rfory which hee saw I was like 
to acquire in this battaile, hath converted the enemies squad- 
rons into Sheepe ; and if thou wilt not beleeve me, Sancho, 
yet doe one thing for my sake, that thou maiest remove 
thine errour, and perceive the truth which I afiirme : get up 
on thine Asse, ana follow them faire and softly aloofe, and 
thou shalt see, that as soone as they are parted any distance 
from hence, they will tume to their first forme, and leaving 
to be sheepe, will become men, as right and straight as I 
painted them to thee at the first : but goe not now ; for I 

167 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER have neede of thy helpe and assistance : draw neerer to me 
nn and see, how many cheeke teeth and others I want, for mee 
Wherein are thinkes there is not one left in my mouth. With that, 
rehearsed the Sancho approched so neere, that he laid almost his eyes on 
^ourses |^jg ji^si^rg mouth: and it was just at the time that the 
I^Ureene Balsamum had now wrought his effect in Don-Quixote his 
Sancho Pan^a, stomacke : and at the very season that Sancho went about 
and his Lord to looke into his mouth, he disgorged all that he had in his 
^hth"^^^ stomacke, with as great violence as it had beene shot out of 
adventure * Musket, just in his compassive Squires beard. O holy 
worthv the Mother Mary, quoth Sancho, what is this that hath befalne 
recitall. me ? the poore man is mortally wounded, without doubt, for 

he vomiteth up bloud at his mouth. But looking a little 
neerer to it, hee perceived by the colour and smell, that it 
was not bloud, but the Balsamum of his Masters oile-bottle ; 
whereat he instantly tooke such a loathing, that his stomacke 
likewise turned, and hee vomited out his very bowels almost, 
all in his Masters face. And so they both remained like 
Pearles. Soone after, Sancho ranne to his Asse to take some- 
what to cleare himselfe, and to cure his Lord out of his wallet, 
^Having left which when he found ^wanting, he was ready to runne out 
it behind him of his wits : there hee beganne a new to curse himselfe, and 
whOT^he"^*' made a firme resolution in minde, that he would leave his 
ranne away Master, and tume to his Countrey againe, although he were 
and paid sure both to loose his wages, and the hope of the Government 
nothing for of the promised Island. 

his lodging. B^ ^\jig^ Don-Quixote arose, and setting his left hand to 

his mouth, that the rest of his teeth might not fall out, he 
caught hold on the raignes of Rozinantes bridle with the 
other, who had never stird from his Master : (such was his 
loyalty and good nature) he went towards his Squire, that 
leaned, upon his Asse, with his hand under his cheeke, like 
one pensative and malecontent. And Don-Quixote seeing 
of him in that guise, with such signes of sadnesse, said unto 
him. Enow, Sancho, that one man is not more then another, 
if he doe not more then another. All those stormes that 
fall on us, are arguments that the time will waxe calme very 
soone, and that things will have better successe hereafter, 
for it is not possible that either good or ill be durable. 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

And hence wee may collect, that our misfortunes having CHAPTER 
lasted so long, our fortune and weale must bee likewise neare. ^^^^ 
And therefore thou ou^htest not thus to afflict thy selfe Wherein are 
for the disgraces that befall mee, seeing no part of them y^ca^ed the 
fall to thy lot. How not? quoth Sancho, was he whom p^|^"^ 
they tossed yesterday in the coverlet by fortune, any other betweene 
mans sonne then my Fathers? and the wallet that I want SanchoPanfa, 
to day, with all my provision, was it any others then mine !?^^ f^^ 
owne ? What, doest thou want thy wallet, Sancho ? quoth ^^ q^"^*^' 
Don-Quixote. I, that I doe, quoth he. In that manner adventures 
replyed Don-Quixote, wee have nothine left us to eate worthy the 
to day. That would be so, quoth Sancho, if we could not recitalL 
finde among these fields the hearbs whidi I have heard 
you say you know, wherewithall such unlucky Knights 
Errant as you, are wont to supply like needs. For all 
that, quoth Don -Quixote, I would rather have now a 

Suarter of a loafe, or a cake and two pilchers heads, then 
U the hearbs that Dioscorides describeth, although they 
came glozed by Doctor Laguna himselfe. But yet for all 
that, get upon the beast, Sancho the good, and follow me, 
for Grod, who is the provider for all creatures, will not faile 
us : And principally seeing we doe a worke so greatly to his 
service as we doe, seeing he doth not abandon the little flies 
of the aire, nor Uie wormelings of the earth, nor the spawn- 
lings of the water. And he is so mercifuU, that he maketh his 
Sunne shine on the good and the eviU, and raines on sinners 
and just men. You were much fitter, quoth Sancho, to be 
a Preacher, then for a Knight Errant. Knights Errant 
knew, and ought to know somewhat of all things, quoth 
Don-Quixote. For there hath beene a Knight Errant in 
times past, who would make a Sermon or discourse in the 
midst of a campe riall, with as good grace, as if he were 
graduated in the University of Paris: by which we may 
gather that the Lance never dulled the Pen, nor the Pen the 
Lance. Well then, quoth Sancho, let it be as you have 
said, and let us depieurt hence, and procure to finde a 
lodging for this night, where, I pray God, may be no cover- 
lets, and tossers, nor Spirits, nor inchanted Moores, for if 
there be, lie bestow the flocke and the hooke on the DevilL 

159 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER Demand that of God, Sonne Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, 
m^ and lead me where thou pleasest, for I will leave the election 
Wherein are of our lodging to thy choice for this time : yet I pray thee 
rehearsed the give mee thy hand, and feele how many cheeke-teeth or 
^^^"^ others I want in this right side of the upper jaw, for there I 
betweene ^^^'^ most paine. Sancho put in his fingers, and whilest he 
SanchoPan9a, felt him, demanded. How many cheeke-teeth were you accus- 
rS? jct ^^ tomed to have on this side ? Foure, quoth he, oesides the 
^Si^OT* *^' hindermost ; all of them very whole and sound. See well 
adventures what you say. Sir, quoth Sancho. I say, foure, quoth Don- 
worthv the Quixote, if they were not five, for I never in my life drew or 
rediaiL lost any tooth, nor hath any fallen or beene worme-eaten, or 

mard by any rhume. Well then, quoth Sancho, you have 
in this nether part but two cheeke teeth and a halie, and in 
the upper, neither a halfe, nor any, for all there is as plaine 
as the palme of my hand. Unfortunate I (quoth Don- 
Quixote, hearing the sorrowfuU newes that his Squire told 
unto him) for I had rather lose one of mine armes, so it 
were not that of my sword. For Sancho, thou must wit, 
^ that a mouth without cheeke teeth, is like a Mill without 
a milstone "* ; and a tooth is much more to bee esteemed 
then a Diamond. 

But wee which professe the rigorous Lawes of Armes, are 
subject to all these disasters : wherefore mount, gentle 
friend, and give the way, for I will follow thee what 
pace thou pleasest. Sancho obeyed, and roade the way 
where hee thought hee might finde lodging, without leav- 
ing the high way, which was there very much beaten. 
And going thus by little and little (for Don-Quixote his 
paine of his jawes did not suffer him rest, or make over- 
much hast), Sancho, to entertaine him and divert his 
thought, by saying some things, beganne to aboord 
him in the forme we meane to rehearse 
in the Chapter ensuing. 



160 





»] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE! 



CHAPTER V 

Of the discreet discourses passed betweene Sancho, 
and Ms Lord ; with the adventure succeed- 
ing of a dead body: and other notable 
occurrences. 

|E THINKS, good Sir, that all the mis- 
hap§ that bdfell lu these dayes past, are 
without any doubt in punishment of the 
sinne you committed against the order of 
Knighthood, by not pmbrmine the Oath 
you swore, not to eate bread on table 
clothes, nor to sport with the Queene, 
with all the rest which insueth, and you 
vowed to accomplish, untill you had wonne the Helmet of 
Malandrino, or I know not how the Moore is called, for I 
have foivotten his name. Thou saiest right, Sancho, quoth 
Don-Qiuxote : but to tell the truth in deede, I did wnolly 
forget it : and thou maiest likewise thinke certainly, that 
because thou didst not remember it to mee in time, that of 
the coverlet was inflicted as a punishment on thee. But I 
will make amends, for we have also manners of reconciliation 
for all things in the order of Knighthood. Why, did I by 
chance iweare any thing P quoth Sancho. It little imports^ 
q uoth Don-Quixote, that thou hast not swome : let it suffice 
uiat I know thou art not very deare from the fault of an 
accessary. And therefore at all adventures it will not bee ill, 
to provide a remedy. If it be so, quoth Sancbo, beware you 
doe not forget this ogaine, as you did that of the Oath, for if 
you should, perhaps those spirits will take againe a fonaie to 
solace themselves with mee, and pemdventure with you your 
selfe, if they see you obstinate. 

Being in these and other such discourses, the night over^ 

tooke them in the way, before they could discover any 

lodging, and that which wu wont of all, tbey were almost 

i 161 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER famisht with hunger, for by the losse of their wallets, they 
^ lost at once both their provision and warder-house. And to 

Of the accomplish wholly this disgrace, there succeeded a certaine 

^"^'^^t^iiwi *d^®^^^*re, which certainely hapned as wee lay it downe, 
betw^iw'"*^^ without any addition in the world, and was this : the night 
Sancho^ and ^ did shut up with some darkenesse, yet notwithstanding tiiey 
his Lord ; ' travailed on still, Sancho beleeving that since that was the 
iiith the high ^ay, there must be within a league or two in all reason 

suc^Mdimr some Inne. Travelling therefore as I have said, in a darke 
of a dead night, the Squire being hungry, and the Master having a 
body : and good stomacke, they saw comming towards them in the very 
other notable way they travelled, a great multitude of lights, resembling 
occurrences, nothing so well as wandering starres. Simcho beholding 

them, was strucke into a wonderfull amazement, and his Lord 
was not much better. The one drew his A^e-halter, the 
other held his horse, and both of them stoode still, beholding 
attentively what that might be, and they perceived that the 
lights drew still nearer unto them; and the more they 
approched, they appeared the greater ; at the sight Sancho 
dia tremble like one infected by the savour of Quicksilver: 
and Don-Quixotes haire did stand up like bristles, who 
animating himselfe a little, said, Sancho, this must be ques- 
tionlesse a great and most dangerous adventure, wherein it is 
requisite that I shew all my valour and stren^h. Unfor- 
tunate I, ^uoth Sancho, if by chance this adventure were of 
ghosts, as it seemeth to me tKat it is, where will there bee ribs 
to suffer it? Bee they never so great Ghosts, said Don- 
Quixote, I will not consent that they touch one haire of thy 
Krment : For if they jested with thee the other time, it was 
cause I could not leape over the walles of the yard : but 
now wee are in plaine field, where I may brandish my sword 
as I please. And if they inchant and benumme you as they 
did tne other time, quoth Sancho, what will it then availe us 
to bee in open field or no ? For aU that, replyed Don- 
Quixoto, I pray thee, Sancho, be of good courage, for ex- 
perience shall show thee how great my valour is. I will and 
please Grod, quoth Sancho : and so departing somewhat out 
of the way, they be^anne againe to view earnestly what that 
of the travelling bghts might be; and after a very little 
162 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

space, they espied many white thines, whose dreadful! visions CHAPTER 
Old in that very instant abate Sancho Panca his courage, and ^ 

now bemnne to chatter with his teeth, like one that had Of the 
the cold of a Quartane : and when they did distinctly per- ^"^^'^^^ . 
ceive what it was, then did his beating and chattering of betweeiuT" 
teeth increase, for they discovered about some twenty all Sancho^ and 
covered with white a horse-backe, with Tapers lighted in their his Lord ; 
hands, after which followed a litter covered over with blacke, ^^^ ^ 
and then insued other sixe a horse-backe, attired in mourn- gu^i^^dk« 
ing, and likewise their Mules, even to the very ground ; for of a dead 
they perceived that they were not horses, by the quietnesse body : and 
of their pace. The white folke rode murmuring some- other notaUe 
what among themselves with a low and compassive voice. ^>^<''"™°*^ 
Which strange vision, at such an houre, and m places not 
inhabited, was verv sufficient to strike feare into Sancho^s 
heart, and even in his Masters, if it had beene any other then 
Don-Quixote : but Sancho tumbled here and there, being 
quite overthrowne with terrour. The contrary hapned to 
his Lord, to whom in that same houre his imagination repre- 
sented unto him most lively, the adventure wherein he was, 
to bee such a one as hee ortimes had read in his bookes of 
Chivalry. For it is figured unto him, that the litter was a 
beere, wherein was carryed some grievously wounded or dead 
Knight, whose revenge was only reserved for him. And 
without makinff any other discourse, he set his Launce in the 
Rest, seated himselfe surely in his saddle, and put himselfe 
in the middest of the way, by which the white folke must 
forcibly passe, with g^;eat spirit and courwe. And when he 
saw them draw neare, he said with a lowde voice. Stand, Sir 
Knight, whosoever you be, and render mee account what you 
are? j&om whence you come? where you goe? and what 
that is which you carry in that beere ? for according as you 
shew, either you have done to others, or others to you some 
injury. And it is convenient and needfull that I know it, 
either to chastise you for the ill you have committed, or else 
to revenge you of the wrong which you have suffred. We 
are in hast, quoth one of the white men, and the Inne is farre 
off, and therefore cannot expect to give so full relation as you 
request : and with that, spurring his Mule, passed forward. 

168 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER Don-Quixote, highly diadayning at the answere, tooke by the 
V bridle and held him, saying. Stay, prowde Knight, and. bee 

Of the better mannered another time, and give mee account of that 

^**c'*«V^*^ which I demanded : if not, I defie you all to mortall battaile. 
betw^iw'***^ The Mule whereon the white-man rode, was somewhat 
Sancho, and fearefull and skittish, and being taken thus rudely by the 
hii Lord ; Bridle, shee tooke such a fright, that rising up on her hmder 
mth the legges, shee unhorsed her Rider. One of the Lackeyes that 

~^2u^ came with them, seeing him fallen, beganne to revile Don- 
JJ^dead Quixote, who being by this thorowly enraged, without any 
body : and more adoe, putting his Launce in the Rest, runne upon one 
other notable of the Mourners, and threw him to the ground very sore 
<icenneaGeM. wounded : and turning upon the rest, it was a thing worthy 

the noting, with what dexterity he did assault, breake upon 
them, ancTput them all to flight, and it seemed none other, 
but that Rozinante had gotten then wings, hee bestirred 
himselfe so nimbly and couragiously. 

All those white men were fearefull people, and unarmed, 
and therefore fled away from the skirmish in a trice, and 
beganne to traverse tHat field with their Tapers lighting, 
that they seemed to bee maskers that use to runne up and 
downe in nights of love and recreation. The mourners 
likewise were so kpped up and mufiled, by their mourning 
weedes, as they could scarce stirre them: so that Don- 
Quixote did without any danger of his person, give them all 
the Bastonado. And caused them to forsake their roomes 
whether they would or no : for all of them did verily thinke 
that hee was no man, but a Divell of hell, that met them to 
take away the dead body which they carried in the Litter. 
All this did Sancho behold, marvailously admired at his 
Masters boldnes, which made him say to himselfe, My 
master is infallibly as strong and valiant as he said. 

There lay on the ground by him whom his Mule had first 
over-throwne, a waxe Taper still burning, by whose light, 
Don-Quixote perceived him, and comming over to him, he 
laid the point of his Lance upon his face, saying, that he 
should render himselfe, or else he would slay him. To which 
the other answered, I am already rendred more then enough, 
seeing I cannot stirre mee out of the place, for one of my legges 
164 



m] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

is broken. And if you be a Christian, I desire you not to CHAPTER 
kill mee, for therein you would commit a great sacriledge, ^ 

I being a Licenciate, and have received the first Orders. Of the 
Well then, quoth Don-Quixote, what Divell brought thee dwc"«t di». 
hither being a Church-man ? Who, Sir, replied the over- ^j^^^ 
throwne, but my misfortune ? Yet doth a greater threaten Sancho, and 
thee, said Don-Quixote, if thou doest not satisfie me in all his Loi^ ; 
that which I first demanded of thee. You shall easily be ^^^ ^® 
satisfied, quoth the Licenciate : and therefore you shall wit, !^^^ 
that although first of all I said I was a Licenciate, I am none, ^f ^ dead 
but a Batcheler, and am called Alonso Lopez, borne at Alco- body : and 
vendas, and I came from the Citty of Bae9a, with eleven other <^ther notable 
Priests, which are those that flea away with the Tapers ; we ^^cc'i'roncea. 
travell towards Segovia, accompanying the dead body that 
lies in that litter, of a certaine Gentleman who dyed in 
Baefa, and was there deposited for a while, and now as I say, 
we carry his bones to his place of buriall, which is in Segovia, 
the place of his birth. And who killed him ? quoth Don- 
Quixote. God, quoth the Batcheler, with certaine pesti- 
lentiall Feavers tnat hee tooke. In that manner, quoth 
Don-Quixote, our Lord hath delivered mee from the paines 
I would have taken to revenge his death, if any other had 
slaine him. But having kild him, hee that did it, there is 
no other remedy but silence, and to lift up the shoulders : 
for the same I must my selfe have done, if nee were likewise 
pleased to slea me. And I would have your Reverence to 
understand, that I am a Enieht of the M ancha, called Don- 
Quixote, and mine ofiice and exercise is to goe thorowout 
the world, righting of wrongs, and undoing of injuries. 
I cannot understand how that can bee of righting wrongs, 
quoth the Batcheler, seeing you have made mee who was 
nght before, now very crooked, by breaking of my legge, 
which can never bee righted againe, as long as I live, and 
the injury which you have undone in me, is none other but 
to leave me so injuried, as I shall remaine injuried for ever. 
And it was a very great disventure to have encountred with 
you, that go about to seek adventures. All things, quoth 
Don-Quixote, succeed not of one fashion : th^ hurt was. 
Master Batcheler Alonso Lopez, that you travailed thus by 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER night covered with those Surplices, with burning Tapers, and 
V covered with weedes of dole, so that you appeared most 

Of the properly some badde thin^, and of the other world, and 

d"^''®®*^*^ so 1 could not omit to fulfill my duty, by assaulting you, 
betwwn?"**^ which I would have done, although I verily knew you to 
Sancho^ and bee the Sathans themselves of helL For, for such I judged 
his Lord ; and accounted you ever till now. 

with the Then since my badde fortune hath so disposed it, quoth 

~^2^J^ the Batcheler, I desire you, good Sir Knight Errant (who 
of ad^d hath given me so evill an Errant) that you will helpe mee to 
body : and get up from under this Mule, who holds still my leg betwixt 
other notable the stirrop and saddle. I would have staid talking untill 
occurrences. ^ morrow morning, quoth Don-Quixote, and why did you 

expect so long to declare your griefe to me ? He presently 
called to Sancho Panfa to come over : but hee had little 
minde to doe, for hee was otherwise imployed, ransacking of 
a sumpture Mule, which those good folke brought with them, 
well furnished with belly ware. Sancho made a bagge of 
his Casacke, and catching all that hee might, or ooula con- 
taine, hee laid it on his beast, and then presently after 
repaired to his Master, and holpe to dehver the good 
Batcheler from the oppression of his Mule. And mounting 
him a^ne on it, he gave him his Taper, and Don-Quixote 
bade him to follow his fellowes, of whom he should desire 
pardon in his name, for the wrons hee had done them. For 
it lay not in his hands to have done the contrary. Sancho 
said to him also, if those Gentlemen would by chance 
know, who the valorous Knight is, that hath used them 
thus, you may say unto them, that he is the famous Don- 
Quixote of Mancha, otherwise called. The Knight of the 
nfavoured face. 

With this the Batcheler departed, and Don-Quixote de- 
maunded of Sancho, what had mooved him to cal him The 
Knight of the Ilfavoured face, more at that time, then at any 
other ? I will tell you that, quoth Sancho ; I stood behold- 
ing of you a pretty while by the Taper-light, which that 
unlucky man carrieth, and truely you have one of the evill- 
favouredst countenances of late, that ever I saw. Which 
either proceedeth of your being tyred after this battaile, or 
166 



k 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

else through the losse of your teeth. That is not the reason, CHAPTER 
said Don-Quixote. But rather, it hath seemed fit to the ^ 

wise-man, to whose charge is left the writing of my History, Of the 
that I take some appellative name, as all the other Knights ^^^^^^^fl*^ 
of yore have done : for one called himselfe, the Knight of b^^w^ie"**^ 
the burning sword. Another, That of the Unicome, this, Sancho^ and 
Him of the Phoenix. The other, That of the Damzels. his Lord ; 
Another, The Knight of the Griphen. And some other. The '^j^ *^« 
Knight of Death. And by these names and devices, they J^^^^U^ 
were knowne throughout the compasse of the earth. And Qf ^ dead 
so I say, that the wiseman whom I mentioned, set in thy hody : and 
minde and tongue the thought to call me The Knight of the other notable 
Ufavoured face, as I meane to call my selfe from hencefoorth : occ'in^nc^* 
and that the name may become me better, I will upon the 
first occasion cause to be painted in my shield, a most ill 
favoured countenance. You neede not, quoth Sancho, spend 
so much time and money in having the like countenance 

Sainted ; but that which you may more easily doe, is, to 
iscover your owne, and looke directly on those that behold 
you, and I will warrant you, that without any more adoe, 
or new painting in your shield, they will call vou, Him of 
the Ilfavoured face. And let this bee said in jest, that 
hunger and the want of your teeth, have given you, as I 
have said, so evill favoured a face, as you may well excuse 
all other heavie portraitures. Don-Quixote laught at his 
Squires conceit, and yet neverthelesse he purposed to call 
himselfe by that name, as soone as ever he should have com- 
modity to paint his shield, or buckler. And after hee had 
pawsed a while, he said to Sancho, I beleeve, Sancho, that I 
am excommunicated, for having laid violent hands upon a 
consecrated thing. * luxta iUud, Si quis suadente diaboloj *CaMny 72. 
etc. Although I am certaine I laid not my hands upon him. Distinct. 134. 
but onely this laveline : and besides, I did not any way suspect 
that I oflended Priests or Church-men, which I doe respect 
and honour as a Catholike and faithfuU Christian; but rather 
that they were shadowes and spirits of the other world. 
And if the worst hapned, I remember well that which 
befell the Cid Ruy Diaz, when hee broke that other Elngs 
Embassadours chaire before the Popes holinesse, for whidi 

167 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER hee excommunicated him : and yet for all that, the good 
V Bodericke Vivar behaved himself that day like an honour- 

Of the able and valiant Knight. 

^^^^^^^^^JS^ULa About this time the Batcheler departed, as is said, without 
^^^'^^ speaking a word, and Don-Quixote would £une have seene 
Sancho^ and whether the Corps that came in the Litter, was bones, or no; 
his Lord; but Sancho would not permit him, saying. Sir, you have 
^^ ^® finished this perillous Adventure, most with your safetie, of 

J^^I^JJ^^ any one of those I have seene. This people, although over- 
of a dead come and scattered, might perhaps fall in the consideration, 
body : and That he who hath overcome them, is but one person alone, 
other notable and growing ashamed thereof, would perhaps joyne and unite 
occurrences, themselves, and tume upon us, and give us enough businesae 

to doe. The Asse is in good plight, according to my desire, 
and the Mountaine at hand, and hunger oppresseth us ; 
therefore wee have nothing else to doe at this time, but retyre 
our selves with a good pace, and as it is said, ^^To the grave 
with the dead, and let tnem [thai] live, to the Bread.^ And 
pricking on his Asse, he requestea his Master to follow him, 
who seeing that Sancho spoke not without reason, he spurd 
after him without replying. And having travailed a utile 
way, beiweene two small mountains they found a large and 
hidden valley, where they alighted, and Sancho lighinine his 
beast ; and lyin^ both along upon the greene grasse, hmpen 
by the sauce of hunger, they broke their fasts, dyned, ate 
their Beaver and supper all at one time; saiiisfymg their 
appetites with more then one dish of cold meate, which 
ine dead Genilemans Chaplaines (which knew how to make 
much of themselves) had brought for their provision. Bui 
here succeeded another discommodity which Sancho ac- 
counted not as the least, which was, thai they had no wine 
to drinke ; no, nor as much as a droppe of water to rinse 
their mouihes, and being scorched wiin drought, Sancho 
perceiving the field where they were full of ihicke 
and greene grasse, said thai which shall ensue 
in the Chapter following. 



168 




"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER VI 

Of a wonderfull adventure, atchieved with lease 

hazard, then ever any other Knight did 

any, by the valorous Don-Quixote 

of Mancha. 

T is not posaible, my Lord, but that these 
greene nearba doe argue, that oeere unto 
this place must be some Fountayne or 
streame that watereth them ; ana there- 
fore I pray you Ut us goe a little farther, 
and wee Bhall meete tlut which may miti- 
gate the terrible thirst that afflicts us, 
which sets us questionlesse in more paine 
then did our hunger. This counsell was allowed by Don- 
Quixote, and therefore leading Rozinante by the bricue, and 
Sancho his Asse by the halter, after laying up the reversion 
of their supper, they set on through the plaine, onely guided 
by their goesae, for the night was so darke, as they could 
not see a jot. And scarce had they travailed two hundred 

Eaces, when th^ heard a great noise of water, as if it fell 
ead-long from some great and steepe rocke. The noise 
did cheare them very much, and standing to beare from 
whence it sounded, they heard unawares another noise, 
which watered all the continent ; they conceived before, 
specially in Sancho, who, as I have noted, was naturally 
very fearefuU and of litUe spirit: They beard I say cer- 
taine blowes strucken with proportion, with a kinde of 
ratling of yrons and chaines, which accompanied by the 
furious sound of the water, might strike terrour into any 
other heart but Don-Quixotes. 

The night as we said was darke, and they hapned to 
enter in among certaine tall and loftie trees, whose leaves 
mooved by a soft gale of wind, mode a fearefull and still 




CHAPTER 
VI 

Of a won- 
derfuU 
adventure, 
atchieved 
with lease 
hazard, then 
ever any 
other Knight 
did any, hy 
the valorous 
Don-Quixote 
of Mancha. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

noyse. So that the solitude, situation, darkenesse, and the 
noyse of the water, and trembling of the leaves, concurring, 
did breede horrour and affright. But specially, seeing that 
the blowes never ceased, the wind slept not, nor the morn- 
ing approached ; whereunto may be added, that they know 
not the place where they were. But Don-Quixote accom- 
panied with his valiant heart, leaped on Rozinante, and 
embracing his Buckler, brandishea his Launce, and said. 
Friend Sancho, I would have thee know, that I was 
borne by the disposition of heaven, in this our age of 
iron, to resuscitate in it that of golde, or the golden 
world, as it is called. I am hee, for whom are reserved all 
dangerous, great, and valorous feats. I say againe that I 
am he which shal set up againe those of the Round Table, 
the twelve peeres of Fraunce, and the nine worthies. I 
am he, who shall cause the actes to be forgotten of those 
Platires, Tablantes, Olivantes, and Tirantes. The Fhe- 
busses, Belianises, with all the crew of the famous Knights 
errant of times past, doing in this wherin I live, such 
^reat and wondenull feats of armes, as shall obscure the 
bravest that ever they atchieved. Thou notest well, faith- 
full and loyall Squire, the darkenes of this night, the 
strange silence, the deaife and confused trembling of these 
trees, the dreadfull noyse of that water, in whose search 
we come, which seemes to throw it selfe head-long downe 
from the steepe mountaines of the Moone, the inceassable 
blowes which doe still wound our eares; all which together, 
and every one apart, are able to strike terrour, feare, and 
amazement into the very minde of Mars, how much more 
in his that is not accustomed to the like chances and 
adventures? Yet all this which I have depainted to 
thee, are inciters and rowsers of my minde, which now 
causeth my heart almost to burst in my breast, with the 
desire it hath to trie this adventure, how difficult soever 
it shewes it selfe. Wherefore tie my horse gyrts a little 
straighter, and farewell : here in this place thou mayest 
expect mee three dayes and no more. And if I shall not 
retume in that space, thou mayest go backe to our village, 
and from thence (for my sake) to Toboso, where thou shalt 
170 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ say to my incomparable Lady Dulcinea, that her captive CHAPTER 
^ Knight died, by attempting things that might make him ^ 

^ worthy to be called hers."* Of a won- 

When Sancho heard his Lord speake these words, hee derfull 
began to weepe with the greatest compassion of the world, *f ^-"^^ 
and say unto him, Sir, I see no reason why you should ^th lease 
undertake this fearefiiU adventure : it is now night, and hazard, then 
no body can perceive us, wee may very well crosse the ever amr 
way, and apart our selves from danger, although we should ?!J®' ^^1** 
therefore want drinke these three dayes. And seeing none ^^ v^roui 
behold us, there will be much lesse any one to take notice Don-Quixote 
of our cowardize; the rather because I heard oft-times of Mancha. 
the Curate of our Village whom you know very well, 
preach, ^That he which seekes the danger, perisheth therein^; 
so that, it is not good to tempt Grod, undertaking such 
a huge affaire, out of which you cannot escape, but by 
miracle : and let those which heaven hath already wrought 
for you, suffice, in delivering you from being tost in a 
Coverlet, as I was, and bringing you away Victor, free, and 
safe, from among so many enemies, as accompanied the dead 
man. And when all this shall not move or soften your hard 
heart, let this move it, to thinke and certainly beleeve, that 
scarce shal you depart from this place, when through very 
feare I shall give up my soule to him tiiat pleaseth to take 
it. I left my countrey, wife, and children to come and serve 
you, hoping thereby to be worth more and not lesse : but 
as covetousnesse breakes the sacke, so hath it also tome my 
hopes, seeing when they were most pregnant and lively, to 
obtaine that unlucky and accursed Island, which you pro- 
mised mee so often : I see that in exchange and pay thereof, 
you meane to forsake mee here in a desart, out of all 
frequentation. For Gods sake doe not mee such a wrong, 
my Lord ; and if you will not wholy desist from your 

f)un)ose, yet deferre it at least till the morning ; for as my 
ittle skill that I learned when I was a sheep-heard, telleth 
me, the dawning is not three houres off, * for the mouth of r^^^tf* 
the fish is over the head and maketh mid-night in the line ftojniia*«fto 
of the left arme. How canst thou, Sancho, quoth Don- eneima de la 
Quixote, see where is the line, or that mouth, or that taile, e^tefa, p. 168. 

171 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER of which thou speakest, seeing the night is so darke that 
^^ one starre alone appeareth not? That is true, quoth 

Of a won- Sancho, but feare hath eyes, which can see things under 
ad t re ^^® ground, and much more in the skies. And besides, 
atchieved' we may gather by good discourse, that the day is not 
with lesse farre off. Let it be as little off as it lists, quoth Don- 
hazard, then Quixote, it shall never bee recorded of mee, that either 
flS"^*^' ht ^^'^^ ^^ prayers could ever disswade me from performing 
didMiy"^ the duty of a Knight: and therefore, good Sancho, hold 
the valorous thy peace, for God who hath inspired me to attempt 
Don-Quixote this unseene and fearefuU adventure, will have an eye to 
ofMancha. ^ly weale, and also to comfort thy sorrow. And that 

thou hast therefore to doe, is to make straight my gyrts, 
and remaine here, for I will retume shortly either alive 
» or dead. 

I Sancho perceiving his Lords last resolution, and how 

■ little his teares, counsailes, or prayers, could availe, re- 

i solved to profit himselfe a little of his wit, and make him 

if hee could to expect untill day, and so when hee did 
j fasten the gyrts, hee softly without being felt, tied his 

; Asses halter to both Rozinantes legges so fast that when 

^ Don-Quixote thought to depart, he could not, for that his 

horse could not goe a steppe, but leaping. Sancho seeing 
the good successe of his guile, said. Behold, Sir, how 
heaven moved by my teares and prayers, hath ordained 
that Rozinante should not goe a step : and if you will 
bee still contending, and spurring, and striking him, you 
will do nothing but inrage fortune, and as the proverbe 
saies, ^ But spume against the pricke."* Don-Quixote grew 
woode at this, and yet the more he spurred him, he was 
the lesse able to goe, wherefore without perceiving the 
cause of his horses stay, he resolved at last to be quiet, and 
expect either till the morning, or else till Rozinante would 
please to depart, beleeving verily, that the impediment 
came of some other cause, and not from Sancho, and there- 
fore said unto him. Since it is so Sancho, that Rozinante 
cannot stir him, I am content to tarry till the dawning, 
although her tardinesse cost me some teares. You shfiJl 
have no cause to weepe, replyed Sancho, for I will enter- 
178 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

taine you, telling of Histories untill it be day, if you will CHAPTER 
not alight and take a nap upon these greene hearbs, as VI 

Knighl^ errant are wont; that you may be the fresher Of a won- 
and better able to morrow to attempt that monstrous derfuU 
adventure which you expect. What doest thou call alight- "Jcif^j!^ 
ing, or sleeping ? quoth Don-Quixote, am I peradventure ^^ j^gg^ 
one of those Knights that repose in time of danger ? hazard^ then 
sleepe thou who wast borne to sleepe, or doe what thou ever Mjr 
please, for I will doe that which 1 shall see fittest for my ^S®^ b ^* 

Sretense. Grood Sir, be not angry, quoth Sancho, for I the^Jorous 
id not speake with that intention : and so drawing neare Don4}uixote 
unto him, he set one of his hands on the pommell of the of Mancha. 
Saddle, and the other hinder in such sort that hee rested 
imbradng his Lords left thigh, not daring to depart from 
thence the breadth of a finger, such was the feare hee 
had of those blowes, which all the while did sound without 
ceasing. 

Then Don-Quixote commanded him to tell some tale 
to passe away the time, as hee had promised, and Sancho 
saia he woula, if the feare of that wnich hee heard would 
suffer him. Yet, quoth he, for all this I will encourage my 
selfe to tell you one, whereon if I can hit aright, and that 
I bee not interrupted, is the best History that ever you 
heard, and bee you attentive, for now I beginne. ^ It was 
that it was, the good that shall befall be for us all, and the 
harme for him that searches it.^ And you must be adver- 
tised, good Sir, that the beginning that Ancient men gave 
to their tales, was not of ordinary things, and it was a sen- 
tence of Cato the Romane Conrozin : Which saies, ^ And the 
harme be for him that searches it '* : which is as fit for this 
place, as a ring for a finger, to the end that you may 
be quiet, and not to go seeke your owne harme to any 
place, but that wee tume us another way, for no body 
compelleth us to follow this, where so many feares doe 
surprise us. Prosecute this tale, Sancho (said Don-Quixote) 
ana leave the charge of the way we must goe to me. 
I say then, quoth Sieuicho, that in a Village of Estrema- 
dura, there was a Sheepe-heard, I would say a Gk>ate-heard. 
And, as I say of my tale, this Goate-heard was called 

178 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["^ 

CHAPTER Lope Ruyz; and this Lope Ruyz was enamoured of a 

^'' Pa^tora, who was called Torralva ; the which Pastora called 

Of a vcm- Torralva was daughter to a rich heard-man, and this rich 

^"'1 heard-man If thou tellest thy tale, Sancho after that 

tiuhUsvtd' manner, quoth Don-Quixote, repeating eveiy thing twice 
with lecM that thou sayest, thou wilt not end it this two dayes. 
haoMrd, then Tell it succinctly and like one of judgement, or else say 
^iT ^ ' nothing. Of the very same fashion that I tell, are all tales 
did «iy by* *®'^ ^" ™y Countrey, and I know not how to tell it any 
the rJltrroun other, nor is it reason that you should aske of me to make 
l}t»n4iuixtfie new customes. Tell it as thou pleasest, quoth Don-Quixote, 
of Mancha. foj. gince fortune will not otherwise, but that I must heare 

thee, goe forward. So that, my deare Sir of my soule, 

quoth Sancho, that as I have said already, this Sheepe- 

heard was in love with Torralva the Pastora, who was a 

round Wench, scornful, and drew somwhat neere to a man, 

for she had Mochachoes: for me thinkes I see her now 

before my face. Belike then, quoth Don-Quixote, thou 

knowest her? I did not know her, quoth Sancho: but 

hee that told mee the tale, said it was so certaine and 

true, that I might, when I told it to any other, very well 

sweare and affirme that I had scene it all my selfe. So 

that dayes passing and dayes comming, the Devil, who 

*Yquetodo sleepes not, and *that troubles all, wrought in such sort, 

hannoica, as the love that the Sheep-heard bore to the Pastora, 

P' ^« '* turned into man-slaughter and ill-will, and the cause was 

according to badde tongues, a certaine quantity of little 

jealousies that she gave him, such as they past the line, 

^ASpaniih and came to the forbidden.* And the Sheep-heard did 

Proverlie hate her so much afterward, that he was content to leave 

^uulri?^**' all that Countrey, because hee would not see her, and go 

where his eyes should never looke upon her. Torralva, 
that saw her selfe disdained by Lope, did presently love 
him, better then ever shec did before. That is a naturall 
condition of women, quoth Don-Quixote, to disdaine those 
that love them, and to affect those which hate them. Passe 
forward, Sancho. It hapned, quoth Sancho, that the Sheep- 
heard set his purpose m execution, and gathering up his 
Goats, he travailed through the fields of Estremadura, 
174 




// 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

to passe into the Eingdome of Portugal. Torralva, which CHAPTER 
knew it well, followed him a foote, and bare legged, a farre VI 

off, with a pilffrims staife in her hand, and a wallet hang- Of a won- 
ing at her necke, where they say that shee carried a piece derfull 
of a looking glasse, and another of a combe, and I know l;^^^^^^' 
not what little bottle of changes for her face. But let with lease 
her carrie what shee carries, for I will not put my selfe hazard^ then 
now to verifie that. Only He say that they say, that «v®' ^ . 
the Sheep-heard arrived with his Groates to passe over J^®^ °^^* 
the River Guadiana, which in that season was swollen ^^ valoroiis 
very much, and overflowed the banks, and at the side Don-Quixote 
where hee came, there was neyther boate nor barke, nor of Mancha. 
any to passe himselfe or his Goates over the River, for 
which he was very much grieved, because hee saw that 
Torralva came very neare, and shee would trouble him 
very much with her prayers and teares. But he went 
so long looking up and downe that he espyed a fisher 
who had so little a boate, as it could onely hold one man 
and a Goat at once, and for all that he spoke and agreed 
with him to passe himselfe and three hunared Goates that 
hee had over the River. The fisherman entred into the 
boate, and carried over one Goate, hee returned and past 
over another, and turned backe agayne, and past over an- 
other. Keepe vou. Sir, good account of the Goates, that 
the fisherman ^rries over; for if one onely be forgotten, 
the tale will end, and it will not be possible to tell one 
word more of it I follow on then, and I say, that the 
landing place on the other side was very dyrtie and slip- 
pery, which made the fisherman spend much time comming 
to and fro. Yet for all that, he turned for another Groat, 
and another, and another. 

Make account, quoth Don-Quixote, that thou hast past 
them all over, for otherwise thou wilt not make an end 
of passing them in a whole yeares space. How many, said 
Sancho, are already past over? What a Divel know IP 
said Don-Quixote. See there that which I said, quoth 
Sancho, that you should keepe good account. By love 
the tale is ended therefore, for there is no passing forward. 
How can that be, said Don-Quixote, is it so greatly of 



THE FIRST PART OF THE L^ 

CHAPTER the essence of this History, to know the Groates that are 
^' past so exactly and distinctiy, that if one of the number be 

Of a won- missed, thou canst not follow on with thy tale ? No Sir, in 
^^ tare. ^'^ ^^^ ^^ Sancho, for as soone as I demaunded of you to 
atch^S* ^^ ™^ ^^^ many Groates past over, and that you answered 
with lease mee you knew not, in that very instant went m>m mee out 
haaurd^ then of my memorie all that was to be told, and yfaith it was of 
®^*R7. , great vertue and content. So then, quoth Don-Quixote, 
did^any'^l^ the tale is ended? It is as certainely ended as is my 
the valorous Mother, quoth Sancho. Surely, replyed Don-Quixote, thou 
Don-Quixote hast recounted one of the rarest tales or Histories that 
of Mancha. ^ny one of the world could think upon, and that such 

a manner of telling or finishing a tale, was never yet 
scene or shall be seene againe, although I never expected 
any other thing from thy good discourse. But I doe not 
greatly marvaile ; for perhaps those senselesse strokes have 
troubled thine understanding. AU that may bee, said 
Sancho, but I know, in the discourse of my tale there 
is no more to bee said, but that there it ends, where 
the errour of counting the Groates that were wafted over 
the river begins. Let it end in a good houre where 
it lists, answered Don-Quixote, and let us trie whether 
Rozinante can yet stirre himselfe. Then did he tume again 
to give him the spurres, and he to leape as he did at the 
first, and rest anew, beeing unable to doe other, hee was so 
well shackled. 

It hapned about this time, that e3rther through the cold 
of the morning, or that Sancho had eaten at Supper some 
lenative meats, or that it was a thing naturall (and that is 
most credible) he had a desire to doe that which others 
could not doe for him ; but such was the feare that entred 
into his heart, as hee dared not depart from his Lord the 
breadth of a straw : and to thinke to leave that which he 
had desired undone, was also impossible : therefore his re- 
solution in that perplexed exigent, be it spoken with pardon, 
was this; he loosed his right hand, wherewithall he held 
fast the hinderpart of the saddle, and therwithall very 
softly and without any noyse, hee untyed the Codpiece- 
poynt, wherewithall his Breeches were onely supported, which, 
176 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that being let slippe, did presently fedl downe about his CHAPTER 
l^ggcs like a payre of bolts: after this, lifting up his VI 

shirt the best he could, hee exposed his buttockes to the Of a won- 
ajrre, which were not the least. This being done, which ft^**^ 
as he thought was the chiefest thing requisite to issue out atchiev!^ 
of that terrible anguish and plunge, tiee was suddenly with lease 
troubled with a greater ; to wit, that hee knew not how hazard^ then 
to disburden himselfe, without making a noyse : which to ®^®' ^ , 
avoyde, first he shut bis teeth dose, lifted up his shoulders, Sid^wiv "br 
and gathered up his breath as much as he might, yet not- the vabrous 
withstanding all these diligences, he was so unfortunate, that Don-Qaizote 
he made a Httle noyse at the end, much different from that of Maodia. 
which made him so fearefull. ]>9n-Quixote heard it, and 
said. What noyse is that Sancho ? I know it not. Sir, quoth 
he: I thinke it be some new thing: for adventures, or rather 
disventures never begin with a littie. Then turned he once 
againe to trie his hap, and it succeeded so well, that with- 
out making any rumour or noyse, but that which he did 
at the first, he found himselfe free of this loading that 
troubled him so much. 

But Don-Quixote having the sense of smelling as perfect 
as that of his hearing ; and Sancho stood so neere, or rather 
joyned to him, as the vapours did ascend upward, almost by 
a direct line, he could not excuse himselte, but that some 
of them must needs touch his nose. And scarce had they 
arrived, but that he occurd to the usuall remedy, and 
stopped it very well betweene his fingers, and then said 
with a snaffling voyce; Me thinkes, Sancho, that thou art 
much affraid. I am indeed, repUed Sancho ; but wherin, 
I pray you, doe you perceive it now more then ever ? In 
that thou smelst now more then ever, quoth Don-Quixote, 
and that not of Ambar. It may be so, quoth Sancho, yet 
the fault is not mine, but yours, whicn brings mee at 
such unseasonable houres, through so desolate and fearefull 
places. I pray thee, friend, retire thy selfe two or three 
steps back, quoth Don-Quixote, holdmg his Fingers still 
upon his nose, and from henceforth have more care of 
thy person, and of the respect thou owest to mine ; for I 
see, the overmuch familian^ that I use with thee, hath 

Z 177 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER ingendred this contempt. I dare wager, quoth Sancho, 
^ tluit you thinke I have done somewhat with my person 

Of a won- that I ought not. Friend Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, it is 
^J'^ the worse to stirre it thus. And thus in these and such 

atcSevlS^* like conversation the Master and the man passed over the 
with lease night. And Sancho seeing that the morning approached, he 
hazard, then loosed Rozinante very warily, and tied up his nose. Rozi- 
^^^ ^ , nante feeling himselfe (although he was not naturally very 
didwiv W ^uragious) lie seemed to rejoyce, and began to beat the 
the valorous ground with his hooffes ; for by his leave nee could never 
Don-Quixote yet curvet. Don-Quixote seeing that Rozinante could now 
of Mancha. gtir, accounted it to be a good signe, and an incouragement 

of him to attempt that timorous adventure. 

By this, Aurora did display her purple mantell over the 
face of Heaven, and every thing appeared distinctly, which 
made Don-Quixote perceive that he was among a number 
of tall Chesnut-trees, which commonly make a great shadow. 
He heard likewise those incessable strokes, but could not 
espy the cause of them ; wherefore, giving Rozinante pre- 
sently the spurre, and turning backe again to Sancho to 
bid him farewell, he commaunded him to stay for him there 
three dayes at the longest, and that if he returned not 
after that space, he should make full account, that love 
was pleased he should end his daies in that dangerous 
adventure. He repeated to him againe the embassage 
and errant hee should carrie in his behalfe to his Ladie 
Dulcinea, and that touching the reward of his services, he 
should not feare any thing, for he had left his Testament 
made before he departed from his Village, where he should 
find himselfe gratified, touching all that which pertained to 
his hire, according to the rate of the time he had served. 
But if Grod would bring him oft from that adventure, safe 
and sound, and without danger, he might fully account to 
receive the promised Uand. Here Sancho began anew to 
weepe, hearing againe the pittifull discourses of his good 
Lord, and determined not to abandon him, untill the last 
traunce and end of that affaire, and out of these teares 
and honourable resolution of Sancho, the authour of this 
History collects, that it is like he was well borne, or at 
178 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the very least an olde Christian, whose griefe did move CHAPTER 
his Master a little, but not so much as he should shew the VI 

least argument of weakenesse, but rather dissembling it Of a won- 
the best that he could, he followed on his way towards f?""*^ 
the way of the water, and that where the stroaks were ntcSeved * 
heard. Sancho followed him a foote, leading as he was with lease 
wont, his Asse by the Halter, who was the inseparable hazard^ then 
fellow of his prosperous or adverse fortunes. ®ve' ^ . 

And having travelled a good space among those Chesnut jid mvi!v 
and shady trees, they came out into a little plaine that the valorous 
stood at the foot of certaine steepe rockes, from whose tops Don4}uixot6 
did precipitate it selfe a great fall of water. There were of Mancha. 
at the foot of those rockes certaine houses, so ill made, as 
they rather seemed mines of buildings then houses ; from 
whence as they perceived, did issue the fearefull rumour 
and noyse of tne stroakes, which yet continued. Rozinante 
at this dreadfull noyse did start, and beeing made auiet 
by his Lord Don-Quixote, did by little and little araw 
neere to the houses, recommending himselfe on the way 
most devoutly to his Ladie Dulcinea, and also to love, 
desiring him that he would not forget him. Sancho never 
departed from his Lords side, and stretched out his necke 
and eyes as farre as he might through Rozinante his 
legges, to see if he could perceive that which held him so 
fearefull and suspended. And after they had travelled 
about a hundred paces more, at the dubling of a poynt of 
a mountaine they saw the very cause, patent and open (for 
there could be none other) of that so nideous and tearefuU 
a noyse that had kept them all the night so doubtfull and 
affrighted, and was (0 Reader, if thou wilt not take it in bad 
part) sixe yron Maces that fulled cloath, which with their 
interchangeable blowes, did forme that marvellous noyse. 

When Don-Quixote saw what it was, hee waxed mute and 
all ashamed. Sancho beheld him, and saw that hee hanged 
his head on his brest with tokens that hee was somewhat 
ashamed. Don-Quixote looked also on his Squire, and saw 
that his cheekes were swolne with laughter, giving withall 
evident signes that he was in danger to burst, if he did 
not permit that violent passion to make a sally, whereat, 

179 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER all Don-Quixotes melancholy littie prevaylinff, he could not 
^^ (beholding Sancho) but laugh also himselfe. And when 

Of a won- Sancho saw that his Master had begun the play, he let 
ad ta '^P ^^^ prisoner, in such violent manner, to presse his sides 

atchieved ' hardly with both his hands to save himselfe from bursting, 
with lease Foure times he ended, and other foure he renued his 
haaurd, then laughter with as great impulse and force as at the first, 
oa' *^ i ht ^h®^"^* Don-Quixote was wonderfully inraged, but chiefly 
did^y, l^ ^^ai^ng him say in gibing manner : I would have thee know, 
the valorous friend Sancho, that I was borne by the disposition of heaven 
Don-Quixote in this our age of yron, to renue in it that of gold, or 
of Mancha. the golden world. I am hee for whom are reserved all 

dangerous, great, and valorous Feats. And in this sort 
he went, repeating all or the greatest part of the words 
Don-Quixote had said the first time that they heard 
the timorous blowes. Don-Quixote perceiving that Sancho 
mockt him, grew so ashamed and angrie withall, that lift- 
ing up the end of his launce, he gave him two such blowes 
on the backe, as if he had received them on his pate, would 
have freed his Master from papng him any wages, if it were 
not to his hayres. Sancho seeing that he gained so ill 
earnest by his jests, fearing that his Master should goe 
onward with it, he said unto him with very great sub- 
mission; Pacific your selfe, good Sir, for by love I did 
but jest. But why dost thou jest ? I tell thee, I doe 
not jest, quoth Don-Quixote. Come here. Master Merri- 
man, thinkest thou that as those are yron Maces to full 
cloth, they were some other dangerous adventure, that I 
have not shown resolution enough to undertake and finish 
it ? Am I by chance obliged, being as I am a Knight to 
know and distinguish noyses, and percejrve which are of 
a fulling Mill or no ? And more it might (as it is true) 
that I never saw any before as thou hast done, base villain 
that thou art, borne and brought up among the like: if 
not, make thou that these sixe Maces bee converted into 
sixe Giants, and cast them in my beard one by one, or all 
together: and when I doe not tume all their heeles up, 
then mocke me as much as thou pleasest. 

No more, good Sir, quoth Sancho : for I confesse I have 
180 



m] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

beene somewhat too laughsome. But tell me, I pray you, CHAPTER 
now that wee are in peace, as God shall deliver you out of ^^ 

all adventures that may befall you as whole and sound, &s ^^^ »^°~ 
he hath done out of this ; hath not the great feare we were adveature 
in, beene a good subject of laughter, and a thing worthy atchieved ' 
the telling ? At least I, for of you I am certaine that you with lesse 
doe not yet know what feare or terror is. I doe not denie, haaHl, then 
quoth Don-Quixote, but that which befell us, is worthy of ®^®' *^iiiriit 
laughter : yet ought it not to be recounted, for as much as ^^^ uivj^ 
all persons are not so discreete, as to know how to disceme the valorous 
one thing from another, and set every thing in his right Don-Quixote 
point. 1 ou know at least wise, quoth Sapcho, how to set ®^ Mancha. 
your laveHne in his point, when pointing at my pate, you 
hit me on the shoulders, thanks be to God, and to the 
diligence I put in going aside. But farewell it, for all will 
away in the bucking ; and I have heard old folke say. That 
man loves thee well, who makes thee to weepe : and besides, 
great Lords are wont after a badde word which they say to 
one of their Servingmen, to bestow on him presently a paire 
of hose. But I know not yet what they are wont to give 
them after blowes, if it be not that Knights Errant give 
after the bastanado. Islands, or Kingdomes on the continent. 
The Die might runne so favourably, quoth Don-Quixote, 
as all thou hast said, might come to passe : and therefore 
pardon what is done, since thou art discreete, and knowest 
that a mans first motions are not in his hand. And be 
advertised of one thing from henceforward (to the end to 
abstaine, and carry thy selfe more respectively in thy over- 
much liberty of speech with mee) that in as many Dookes 
of Chivalry as I have read, which are infinite, I never 
found that any Squire spoke so much with his Lord, as 
thou dost with thine ; which in good sooth I doe attribute 
to thy great indiscretion and mine, thine, in respecting me 
so little ; mine, in not making my selfe to be more regarded. 
Was not Gandalin Amadis de Gaules Squire, Earle of the 
firme Island ? and yet it is read of him that he spoke to his 
Lord with his Cap in his hand, his head bowed, and his 
body bended (more Thircesco.) What then shall we say 
of Gasabel Don Gralaors Squire, who was so silent, as to 

181 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER declare us the excellende thereof, his name is but onoe 
^^ repeated in all that so great and authenticall a Histoiy ? 

Of a von- Of all which my words, Sancho, thou must inferre, that 
^^"'^ thou must make difference betweene the Master and the 

•t4^ev^' man, the Lord and his Servingman, the Knight and his 
with leise Squire. So that from this day forward we must proceed 
haaurd, then with more respect, not letting the clew runne so much, for 
^^ •jy after what way soever I grow angry with thee, it will be 
did My by bad for the Pitcher. The rewards and benefites that I have 
the valorous promised thee, will come in their time, and if they doe not, 
Don-Quixote thy wages cannot be lost (as I have already said to thee.) 
ofMancha. You say very well, quoth Sancho: but faine would I 

leame (in case that the time of rewards came not, and that 
I must of necessity trust to my wages) how much a Knight 
Errants Squire did gaine in times past ? Or if they did 
aeree for moneths or by dayes as Masons men. I doe not 
thinkc, quoth Don-Quixote, that they went by the hire, 
but onely trusted to their Lords curtesie. And if I have 
assigned wages to thee in my sealed Testament, which I 
left at home, it was to prevent the worst, because I know 
not yet what successe Cnivalrie may have in these our so 
miserable times, and I would not have my soule suffer in the 
other world for such a minuity as is thy wages. For thou 
must understand, that in this world there is no state so 
dangerous as that of Knights Errant. That is most true, 
replyed Sancho, seeing the onely sound of the Maces of 
a fulling Mill, could trouble and disquiet the heart of 
so valiant a Knight as you are. But you may be sure, 
that I will not hereajfter once unfold my lips to jest at 
your doings, but onely to honour you as my Master and 
naturall Lord. By doing so, replied Don-Quixote, thou 
shalt live on the face of the earth ; for next to our 
parents, we are bound to respect our Masters, 
as if they were our fathers. 



18S 





Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER VII 

Of the high adventure and rich winning of the 

Helmet of Mambrino, with other successes 

be&lne the invincible Knight 

^T began about this time to raine, and 
Saiicho would fiune have entred into the 
fulline Mils, but Don-Quixote bad con- 
ceivecT such hate against them for the 
jest recounted, as he would in no wise 
come Tieere them, but turning his way 
on the right hand, he fell into a hign 
way, as much beaten as that wherein 
they rode the day before; within a while after, Don- 
Quizote espied one a horsebacke, that bore on his head, 
somewhat Uiat glistred like gold ; and scarce had he seene 
him, when he turned to Sancbo, and said, Me thinkes, 
Sancho, that there 's no proverbe that is not true, for they 
are all sentences taken out of experience it selfe, which is 
the universal! mother of Sciences ; and specially that pro- 
verbe that sayes, 'Where one doore is shut, another is 
opened.^ I say this, because if fortune did shut yesternight 
the doore that we searched, deceiving us in the adventure 
of the yron Maces, it layes us now wide open the doore 
that may addresse us to a better and more certaine adven- 
ture, whereon if I cannot make a good entry, the Call shall 
be mine, without being able to attribute it to the little 
knowledge of the fulling Maces, or the darkenesse of the 
night : which I affirme, oecause if I be not deceived, there 
comes one towards us, that weares on his head the Helmet 
of Mambrino, for which I made the oath. See well what 
you say. Sir, and better what you doe, quoth Sancbo: 
for I would not wish that this were new Maces to batter us 
and our undetstanding. The Divell take thee for a man, 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adyenture 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
succeeees 
be£Eiliie the 
invincible 
Knight 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib- 

replyed Don-Quixote : what difference is there betwixt a 
Helmet and fulling Maces? I know not, quoth Sancho, 
but if I could speake as much now as I was wont, perhaps 
I would give you such reasons, as you your selfe should 
see how much you are deceived in that you speake. How 
may I be deceived in that I say, scrupulous traytor? 
quoth Don-Quixote. Tell me, seest thou not that Ejoight 
which comes riding towards us on a dapple gray horse, 
with a helmet of gold on his head ? That which I see and 
finde out to be so, answered Sancho, is none other then a 
man on a gray Asse like mine owne, and brings on his head 
somewhat that shines. Why that is Mambrino^s helmet, 
quoth Don-Quixote : stand aside, and leave me alone with 
him, thou shalt see how without speech to cut of delayes, I 
will conclude this adventure, and remaine with the Helmet 
as mine owne, which I have desired so much. I will have 
care to stand off, but I tume againe to say, that I pray 
Grod, that it be a purchase of gold, and not fulling Mils. I 
have already said to thee, that thou doe not make any more 
mention, no not in thought of those Maces ; for u thou 
dost, said Don-Quixote, I vow, I say no more, that I will 
batter thy soule. Hereat Sancho fearing lest his Master 
would accomplish the vow which he had throwne out as 
round as a bowle, held his peace. 

This therefore is the truth of the History of the Helmet, 
Horse and Knight which Don-Quixote saw : There was in 
that Commarke two villages, the one so little, as it had 
neither Shop nor Beu-ber, out the greater that was neere 
unto it was furnished of one, and he therefore did serve 
the little Village when they had any occasion, as now it 
befell, that therein lay one sicke and must bee let bloud, and 
another that desired to trimme his beard ; for which pur- 
pose the Beu'ber came, bringing with him a brazen Bason : 
and as hee travelled, it by chance began to raine, and there- 
fore dapt his Bason on his head, to save his hatte from 
stayning, because it belike was a new one. And the Bason 
being cleane skowred, glistred halfe a league off. He rode 
on a gray Asse as Smcho said; and that was the reason 
why Don -Quixote tooke him to be a dapple gray Steede, a 

184 



I. 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Knight and a helmet of gold ; for he did with all facility CHAPTER 
apply every thing which he saw, to his raving Chivalry ^^^ 
and ill-errant thoughts. And when he saw that the poore Of the high 
Knight drew neere, without setling himselfe to commune adventure, 
with him, he inrested his * laveline low on the thigh, and ^uminir of 
ranne with all the force Rozinante might, thinking to strike the Helmet 
him thorow and thorow. And drawing neere unto him, of Mambrmo, 
without stopping his horse, hee cryed. Defend thy selfe, ^^^ ®*^®' 
Caytife, or else render unto mee willingly, that which is beft^^^e 
my due by all reason. The Barber, who so without fearing invincible 
or surmising any such thing, saw that Fantasive and spirit Knight 
come upon him, had no other remedy to avoide the blow of *Lanfon. 
the LAunce, but to fall off of his Asse to the ground : and 
scarce had he touched the earth, when rising up againe as 
light as a Deere, he runne away so swiftly through the 

Elaine, as the winde could scarce overtake him ; leaving 
ehinde him on the ground his Bason, wherewithall Don- 
Quixote rested content, and said. That Pagan which lost it 
was discreet, and did imitate the Castor, who seeing himselfe 
hotly pursued by the hunters, which teares and cuts away that 
with his teeth, for which he knows by natural instinct he [is] 
followed. Then he commaunded Sancho to take up the 
helmet, who lifting it, said. The Bason is a good one, and is 
as well worth a Riall of eight as a marvedie ; and giving it 
to his Lord, he presently set it on his head, turning it about 
every way, to see whether he could get the Beaver: and 
seeing he could not finde it, he said, The Pagan for whom 
this famous Helmet was first forged, had doubtlesly a very 
great head ; and that which sieves me principally, is, that 
this Helmet wants the one h^fe. 

When Sancho heard him call the Bason a helmet, he 
could not containe his laughter, but presently remembring 
on his Masters choler, he checkt it in the midst. Why 
dost thou laugh, Sancho ? quoth Don-Quixote. I laugh, said 
he, to thinke on the great head the Pagan owner of this 
helmet had. For it is for all the world like a Beu-bers Bason. 
Enow, Sancho, that I imagine, quoth Don-Quixote, that 
this famous piece of this in(£antea Helmet did fall by some 
strange acciaent into some ones handes that knew not the 
AA 185 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adventure 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
successes 
befidne the 
invincible 
Knight. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 

worth thereof, and seeing it was of pure gold, without 
knowing what he did, I thinke hee hath molten the halfe, 
to profit himselfe therewithall, and made of the other halfe 
this which seemes a Barbers Bason, as thou sayest. But 
be what it list, to me who knowes well what it is his trans- 
mutation makes no matter, for I will dresse it so in the 
first towne, where I shall finde a Smith, as that which the 
God of forges made for the God of warre, shall not sur- 
passe, no nor come neere it ; and in the meane while I will 
weare it as I may : for something is better then nothing ; 
and more, seeing it may very well defend me from the 
blow of a stone. That^s true, quoth Sancho, if it be 
not throwne out of a sling, such as that of the battell of 
the two armies, when they blissed your Worships cheeke 
teeth, and broke the bottle wherin you carried the most 
blessed drench which made me vomit up my guts. I doe 
not much care for the losse of it, Sancho, quoth Don- 
Quixote, for as thou knowest, I have the receit in memory. 
So have I likewise, quoth Sancho : but if ever I make it or 
taste it againe in my life, I pray Gtkl that here may be 
mine end. How much more, I never meane to thrust my 
self into any occasion wherin I should have need of it ; for 
I meane with all my five senses to keepe my selfe from 
hurting any, or being hurt. Of being once againe tost in 
a Coverlet I say nothing, for such disgraces can hardly be 
prevented, and if they befall, there is no other remedy but 
patience, and to lift up the shoulders, keepe in the breath, 
shut the eyes, and sufier our selves to bee borne where For- 
tune and the Coverlet pleaseth. 

Thou art a badde Christian, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, 
hearing him say so; for thou never forgettest the injuries 
that are once done to thee : know that it is the duty of 
noble and generous minds, not to make any account of 
toyes. What legge hast thou brought away lame, what ribbe 
broken, or what head hurte, that thou canst not yet forget 
that jest ? for the thing being well examined, it was none 
other then a jest or pastime ; for if I did not take it to be 
such, I had returned by this to that place, and done more 
harme in thy revenge, then that which the Greekes did for 

186 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the rape of Helen : who if she were in these times, or my CHAPTER 
Dulcinea in hers, she might be sure shee should never have ^^ 
eained so much fame for beauty as she did : and saying so, Of the high 
he pierced the skie with a sign. Then said Sancho, Let ■^^®'^*?'® 
it passe for a jest, since the revenge cannot passe in earnest, winning of 
But I know well the qucdity both of the jests and earnest, the Hdfmet 
and also that they shall never fall out of my memory, as of MamhrinOi 
they will never out of my shoulders. But leavine this ^^ ^^^ 
apart, what shall we doe with this dapple sray Steed that beft^e^e 
lookes so like a gray Asse, which that Martm left behinde, invincihle 
whom you overthrew, who according as he laid feet on the Knight 
dust and made haste, he minds not to come backe for 
him againe, and by my beard the gray beast is a good one. 
I am not accustomed, quoth Don -Quixote, to ransacke 
and spoyle those whom I overcome, nor is it the practice 
of Chivalry to take their horses, and let them go a foote, if 
that it befall the Victor to lose in the conflict his owne ; 
for in such a case it is lawfiill to take that of the van- 
quished, as wonne in faire warre. So that, Sancho, leave 
tnat Horse, or Asse, or what else thou pleasest to call it, 
for when his owner sees us departed, he will retume againe 
for it. God knowes, quoth Sancho, whether it wil be good 
or no, for me to take him, or at least change for mine 
owne, which me thinkes is not so good. Truely, the lawes 
of Knighthood are straight, since they extend not them- 
selves to licence the exchange of one Asse for another : and 
I would know whether they permit at least to change the 
one hamesse for another. In that I am not very sure, 
quoth Don-Quixote, and as a case of doubt (untiU I be 
better informed) I say that thou exchange them, if by 
chance thy neede bee extreme. So extreme, quoth Sancho, 
that if they were for mine owne very person, I could not 
neede them more. And presently enabled by the licence, 
he made mutaiio caparum, and set forth his beast like a 
hundred holy-dayes. 

This being done, they broke their fast with the relickes 
of the spoyles they haa made in the Campe of Sumpture- 
horse, and drunke of the Milles streames, without once turn- 
ins: to looke on them (so much they abhord them for the 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adventure 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
successes 
befidne the 
invincible 
Knight 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

marvellous terror they had strucken them in) and having 
by their repast cut away all cholericke and melancholicke 
humours, they followed on the way which Rozinante pleased 
to leade them (who was the depository of his Masters will, 
and also of the Asses, who followed him alwayes where- 
soever he went in good amitie and company.) For all this 
they returned to the hiffh way, wherein uiey travelled at 
ranime, without any Jrtaine^' deliberation ihich way to 
goe. And as they thus travelled, Sancho said to his Lord, 
Sir, will you give me leave to commune a little with you ; 
for since you have imposed upon me that sharpe commande- 
ment of silence, more then loure things have rotted in my 
stomacke, and one thing that I have now upon the tip of 
my tongue, I would not wish for any thing that it should 
miscarry ? Say it, quoth Don-Quixote, and be briefe in 
thy reasons, ^For none is delightfull if it be prolix/ I 
say then, quoth Sancho, that I have beene tnese later 
dayes, considering how little is gained by following these 
adventures that you doe thorow these dfesarts and crosse 
waies, where though you overcome and finish the most 
dangerous, yet no man sees nor knowes them, and so they 
shall remaine in perpetuall silence, both to your prejudice, 
and that of the fame which they deserve. And therefore 
me thinks it were better (still excepting your better judge- 
ment herein) that we went to serve some Emperour, or 
other great Prince that maketh warre, in whose service you 
might shew the valour of your person, your marvellous 
force, and wonderfuU judgement: which being perceived by 
the Lord whom we shall serve, he must perforce reward us, 
every one according to his deserts ; and m such a place will 
not want one to record your noble acts for a perpetuall 
memory: of mine I say nothing, seeing they must not 
trans^resse the Squire-like limits : although I dare avouch, 
that if any notice be taken in Chivalry of the feats of 
Squires, mine shall not fall away betwixt the lines. 

^Sancho, thou sayest not ill, quoth Don-Quixote: but 

* before such a thing come to passe, it is requisite to spend 

* some time up and downe the world, as in probation, seek- 

* ing of adventures, to the end that by atchieving some, a 

188 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

man may acquire such fame and renoune, as when he goes CHAFT 
to the Court of any great Monark, he be there abeady ^^^ 
knowne by his workes, and that he shall scarcely be per- Of thehij 



ceived to enter at the gates by the boyes of that Citie, *d^e^*^« 
when they all will follow anci inviron him, crying out ^mSJ^ ^ 
aloude ; 'Diis is the Knight of the Sunne, or the Serpent, the uSm 



or of some other device under which hee hath atchieved of Mambi 
strange adventures. This is he (will they say) who over- ^^^ ^^® 
came in single, fight, the huge Giant Brocabruno of the ble^be^ 
invincible strength. He that disinchanted the great invincible 
Sophie of Persia, of the large inchantment wherein he had Knight, 
lien almost nine hundred yeares. So that they will thus 
goe proclayming his actes from hand to hand ; and pre- 
sently the King of that Kingdome, mooved by the great 
bruit of the boyes and other people, will stand at the 
windowes of his Falace to see what it is ; and as soone as 
he shall eye the Knight, knowing him by his armes, or by 
the Impresa of his shield, he must necessarily say, Up, goe 
all of you my Knights, as many of you as are in my Court 
forth, to receive the flower of Chivahr, which comes there : 
at whose commandement they all wil sally, and he him- 
selfe will come downe to the midst of the staires, and will 
embrace him most straightly, and will give hun the peace, 
kissing him on the cheeke : and presently will cany him 
by the hand to the Queenes chamber, wnere the ]&iight 
shall finde her accompanied by the Princesse her daughter, 
which must be one of the fairest and debonaire damzels 
that can bee found throughout the vast compasse of the 
earth ; after this will presently and in a trice succeed, that 
she will cast her eye on the Knisht, and he on her, and 
each of them shall seeme to the otner no humane creature, 
but an Angell, and then without knowing how, or how not, 
they shall remaine captive and intangled in tiie intricable 
amorous net, and witn ^reat care in their minds, because 
they know not how they shall speake to discover their 
anguish and feeling. From thence the King will carie 
him without doubt to some quarter of his Palace richly 
hanged; where having taken off his armes, they will bring 
him a rich mantle of Scarlet, furred with ermines to 

189 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adventure 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
gucceasea 
befiilne the 
invincible 
Knight. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

weare : and if he seemed well before being armed, he shall 
now looke as well or better out of them. The night being 
come, he shal sup with the King, Queene and Frincesse, 
where he shal never take off his eye off her, beholding 
unawares of those that stand present : and she will doe 
the like with as much discretion ; for as I have said, she is 
a very discreete damzell. The Tables shall be taken up, 
there shall enter unexpectedly into the Hall an ilfavoured 
little dwarffe, with a faire Ladie that comes behind the 
dwarffe betweene two Giants, with a certaine adventure 
wrought by a most auncient wiseman, and that he who shal 
end it, shall be held for the best Knight of the world. 
Presently the King wil command all those that are present 
to prove it, which they do, but none of them can finish it, 
but onely the new-come Knight, to the great proofe of his 
fame. Whereat the Princesse will remaine very glad, and 
will be very joyfull and well appaide, because shee hath 
setled her thoughts in so high a place. And the best of 
it is, that this King, or Prince, or what else he is, hath a 
very great warre with another as mighty as hee ; and the 
Knight his guest doth aske him (after ne hath bin in the 
Court a few dayes) licence to goe and serve him in that 
warre. The Kin^ will give it with a very good will, and 
the Knight will kisse his hands courteously for the favour 
he doth him therein : and that night he will take leave of 
his Ladie the Princesse by some window of a garden that 
lookes into her bed-chamber ; by the which he hath spoken 
to her oft-times before, being a great meanes and helpe 
thereto, a certaine damzell which the Princesse trusts very 
much. He sighes, and shee will fall in a swound, and the 
damzell will bring water, to bring her to her selfe againe. 
Shee will be also full of care because the morning drawes 
neere, and shee would not have them discovered for any 
her Ladies honour. Finally the Princesse will retume to 
her selfe, and will give out her beautifuU hands at the 
window to the Knight, who will kisse them a thousand 
' and a thousand times, and will bathe them all in teares. 
* There it will remaine agreed betweene them two, the 
^ meanes that they will use to acquaint one another with 
190 ^ 



k 



ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

their good or badde successes ; and the Princes will pray CHAPTEf 
him to stay away as little time as he may, which he shall ^^^ 
promise unto her, with many oathes and protestations. Of the high 
Then will he tume againe to tisse her hands, and take his adventure 
leave of her with such feeling, that there will want but ^^nn?^ of 
litle to end his life in the place : he goes from thence the Helmet 
to his chamber, and casts himselfe upon his bed, but he of Mambrinc 
shall not be able to sleepe a nappe for sorrow of his ^*t^ ^^^^ 
departure : he will after get up very early, and will goe to JJJf^^^g 
take leave of the King, the Queene and Princesse. They invincible 
tell him (having taken leave of the first two) that the Knight 
Princesse is ill at ease, and that shee cannot be visited : 
the Knight thinkes that it is for griefe of his departure, 
and the which tidings launceth him anew to the bottome 
of his heart, whereby he will be almost constrained to give 
manifest tokens of his griefe : the damzell that is privy to 
their loves will be present, and must note all that passeth, 
and goe after to tell it to her Mistresse, who receives her 
with teares, and saves unto her, that one of the greatest 
afflictions shee hath, is, that shee does not know who is 
her Knight, or whether he be of blood royall or no : 
Her damzell will assure her againe, that so great bountie, 
beauty and valour as is in her Knight, could not finde 
place but in a great and royall subject. The carefull Prin- 
cesse will comfort her selfe with this hope, and labour to 
be cheerefull, lest shee should give occasion to her parents 
to suspect any sinister thing of her : and within two dayes 
againe she will come out in publique. By this the Knight 
is departed, he fights in the warre, and overcomes the 
Kings enemy, he winnes many Cities, and triumphes for 
many battels, he retumes to the Court, he visits his Lady^ 
and speakes to her at the accustomed place, he agreeth 
with her to demaund her of the King for his wife, in reward 
of his services, whereunto the King will not consent be- 
cause he knowes not what he is : but for all this, eyther 
by carrying her away, or by some other manner, the Prin- 
cesse becomes his wire, and he accounts himselfe therefore 
very fortunate, because it was after knowne that the same 
Sought is Sonne to a very valorous King of I know not 

191 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adventure 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
successes 
befalne the 
invincible 
Knight 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["r 

^ what Countrey ; for I beleeve it is not in all the Afappe. 
^ The Father dies, and the Princesse doth inherite the Eing- 
^ dome, and thus in two words our Knight is become a King. 

* Heere in this place enters presently the commoditie to 
^ reward his Squire, and all those that holpe him to ascend 

* to so high an estate. He marries his Squire with one 

* of the Princesses damzels, which shall douotlesly bee the 
^ very same that was acquainted with his love, who is some 
^ principall Dukes daughter.** 

Thafs it I seeke for, quoth Sancho, and all will goe 
right; therefore I will leane to that, for every whit of it 
which you said will happen to your selfe, without missing a 
jot, calling your selfe The Knight of the ill favoured face. 
Never douot it, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, for even in the 
very same manner, and by the same steps that I have re- 
counted here. Knights Errant doe ascend and have €iscended 
to be Kings and Emperours. This only is expedient, that 
we enquire what King among the Christians or Heathens 
makes warre and hath a faire daughter : but we shall have 
time inough to bethinke that, since as I have said, we must 
first acquire fame in other places, before we goe to the 
Court. Also I want another thing, that put case that we 
finde a Christian or Pagan King, that hath warres and a 
faire daughter, and that I have gained incredible fame 
throughout the wide-world, yet cannot I tell how I might 
finde that I am descended from Eangs, or at the least, 
cousen Grermane removed of an Emperour ? For the King 
will not give me his Daughter, untiU this be first very weU 
proved, though my workes deserve it never so much; so 
that I feare to lose through this defect, that which mine 
owne hath merited so well. True it is, that I am a Grentle- 
man of a knowne house of propriety and possession ; and 
perhaps the wise man that shall write my History, will so 
oeautifie my kindred and discent, that he will finde me to be 
the fift or sixt descent from a E^ng ; for thou must under- 
stand, Sancho, that there are two maners of lineages in the 
world. Some that derive their pedegree from Princes and 
Monarkes, whom time hath by uttle and little diminished 
and consumed, and ended in a point like Pyramydes. 

192 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Others that tooke their beginning from base people, and CHAPTER 
ascend from degree unto decree, untill they become at last ^^ 
great Lords. So that all the difference is, that some were Of the high 
that which they are not now, and others are that which adventujre 
they were not And it might be that I am of those, and J^^,^- ^f 
after good examination, my beginning might be found to theHefmet 
have beene famous and glorious; wherewithall the King my of Mambrino^ 
father in law ought to be content, whosoever he were : and ^th other 
when he were not, vet shall the Princesse love me in such w!^^^ 
sort, that she shcdl in despite of her fathers teeth, admit invincible 
me for her Lord and Spouse, although she knew me to be Knight 
the Sonne of a Water-bearer. And if not, here in this place 
may quader well, the carmng of her away perforce, and 
carrjring of her where best I liked ; for either time or death 
must needes end her fathers displeasure. 

Here comes well to passe that, [quoth] Sancho, which some 
damned fellowes are wont to say, ^ Seeke not to get that with 
a good will, which thou mayest take perforce ^ ; although it 
were better said, ^ The leape of a shruobe is more worth then 
good mens intreaties.^ I say it to this purpose, that if the 
Eong your father in law will not condiscend to give unto you 
the Princesse my Mistresse, then there ^s no more to be done, 
but as you say to her, steale away and carrie her to another 
place : but all the harme is, that in the meane while that 
composition is unmade, and you possesse not quietly your 
Eingdome, the poore Squire may whistle for any benefit or 

Sleasure you are able to doe nim, if it be not that the 
amzell of whom you spoke even now, runne away with her 
Ladie, and that hee passe away his misfortunes now and then 
with her, until heaven ordaine some other thing : for I doe 
thinke that his Lord may give her unto him presently, if 
she please to be his lawfuU Spouse. There ^s none that 
can deprive thee of that, quotn Don-Quixote. Why, so 
that this may befall, quoth Sancho, there ^s no more but to 
commend our selves to Grod, and let fortune runne where it 
may best addresse us. God brinff it so to passe, quoth Don- 
Quixote, as I desire, and thou hast neede of, Sancho ; and 
let him be a wretch that accounts himselfe one. Let him 
be so, quoth Sancho, for I am an old Christian ; and to be 
BB 19S 



CHAPTER 
VII 

Of the high 
adventure 
and rich 
winning of 
the Helmet 
of Mambrino^ 
with other 
successes 
beialne the 
invincible 
Knight 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

an Earle, there is no more requisite. I, and tis more then 
enough, quoth Don-Quixote, for that purpose : and though 
thou werest not, it made not much matter; for I being 
a Eang, I may give thee nobility, without eyther buying of 
it, or serving me with nothing. For in creating thee an 
Earle, loe, thereby thou art a Gentleman : and let men say 
what they please, they must in good faith call thee right 
honourable, although it grieve them never so much. And 
thinke you, quoth Sancho, that I would not authorize my 
Litado? Thou must say Dictado or dignity, quoth Don- 
Quixote, and not Litado, for that^s a barbarous word. Let 
it be so, quoth Sancho Pan^a, I say that I would accom- 
modate all very well, for I was once by my life, the wamer 
of a Confratriety, and the wamers gowne became me so well, 
that every one said I had a presence fit for the Provost of 
the same. Then how much more, when I shall set on my 
shoulders the Reall of a Duke, or be apparrelled with gold 
and pearles after the custome of strange Earles? I doe verily 
beleeve that men will come a hundred leagues to see me. 
Thou wilt seeme very well, quoth Don-Quixote, but thou 
must shave that beard very often : for as thou hast it now 
so bushie, knit, and unhandsome, if thou shavest it not with 
a razor at the least eveiy other day, men will know that 
thou art as farre from Gentilitie as a Musket can carie. 
What more is there to be done, quoth Sancho, then to take 
a Barber, and keepe him hired in my house ? yea, and if it 
be necessary, he shall ride after me, as if he were a Master 
of horse to some Nobleman. How knowest thou, quoth 
Don-Quixote, that Noblemen have their Masters of horses 
riding after them ? Some few years agoe I was a moneth 
in the Court, and there I saw that as a young little Lord 
rode by for his pleasure, they said, he was a great Grande : 
there followed him still a horsebacke, a certame man turn- 
ing every way that he went, so as he verily seemed to be his 
horse taile. I then demaunded the cause why that man did 
not ride by the others side, but still did follow him so? 
They answered me, that he was Master of his horses, and 
that the Grandes were accustomed to carrie such men after 
them. Thou sayest true, quoth Don-Quixote, and thou 
194. 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

mayest carry thy Barber in that manner after thee; for CHAPTER 
customes came not all together, nor were not invented ^^I 

at once. And thou mayest be the first £arle that carried Of the high 
his Barber after him. And I doe assure thee that it »dTentuM 



is an office of more trust to trim a mans beard, then to 



and rich 

saddle a hoise. Let that of the Barber rest to my charge, the Helmet 

quoth Sancho, and that of procuring to be a lung, and etc 

of creati^ me an Earle to yours. It shall be so, 

quoth Don-Quixote ; and thus lifting up his eyes, 

he saw that which shall be recounted 

in the chapter following. 



CHAPTER VIII 

Of the liberty Don-Quixote gave to many 

wretches, who were a carrying perforce 

to a place they desired not 

lUIDE HAMETE BENENGEU, an Aiabi- 

call and Manchegan Author, recounts in 
this most grave, lofty, divine, sweet, con- 
ceited History, that after tliese discourses 
past betweene Don - Quixote, and his 
Squire, Sancho Pan^ which we have laid 
downe in the last Chapter, Don-Quixote 
lifting up his eyes, saw that there came in 
the very same way wherein they nMe, about some twelve men 
in a company on foote, inserted like Bead-stones in a great 
chaine of yron that was tyed about their neckes, and every 
one of them had manacles besides on their handes. There 
came to conduct them two on horsebacke, and two others 
a foot ; the horsemen had firelocke pieces, those that came 
a foote, darts and swords. And as soone as Sancho saw 
them, he said. This is a chaine of Gally-slaves, people 
forced by the King to goe to the Gallies. How ? people 




CHAPTER 
VIII 

Of the liberty 
Don-Quixote 
gave to many 
wretches, 
who were a 




»rce to 
a place they 
deiired not. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["a 

forced? demanded Don -Quixote, is it possible that the 
King will force any body ? I say not so, answered Sancho, 
but that it is people which are condemned for their 
offences to serve the King in the Grallies perforce. In re- 
solution, replied Don-Quixote, (howsoever it be) this folke, 
although they be conducted, goe perforce, and not willingly. 
That^s so, quoth Sancho. Then if that be so, here fals 
in justly the execution of my function, to wit, the dis- 
solving of violences and outrages, and the succouring of 
the afflicted and needefiilL I pray you. Sir, quoth Sancho, 
to consider that the lustice, who represents tne King him- 
selfe, doth wrong or violence to no body, but onely doth 
chastise them for their committed crimes. 

By this the chaine of slaves arrived, and Don -Quixote 
with very courteous termes requested those that went in 
their guard, that they would please to informe him of the 
cause wherefore they carried that people away in that 
manner ? One of the guardians a norse-backe answered. 
That they were slaves condemned by his Majestie to the 
Grallies, and there was no more to be said, neither ought 
he to desire any farther knowledge. For all that, replied 
Don-Quixote, I would faine leame of every one of them 
in particular the cause of his disgrace : and to this did adde 
other such and so courteous words, to moove them to tell him 
what he desired, as the other guardian a horsebacke said : 
Although wee carie here the Register and testimony of 
the condemnations of every one of these wretches, yet this 
is no time to hold them here long, or take out the Pro- 
cesses to reade : draw you neerer and demand it of them- 
selves, for they may tel it and they please, and I know they 
will ; for they are men that take delight both in acting and 
relating knaveries. 

With this licence, which Don -Quixote himselfe would 
have taken, although they had not given it him, he came 
to the chaine, and demanded of the first, for what offence 
he went in so ill a guise ? Hee answered. That his offence 
was no other then for being in love ; for which cause only 
he went in that manner. For that and no more ? replied 
Don-Quixote. Well, if enamoured folke bee cast into the 

196 




Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

GallieSy I might have beene rowing there a good many dayes CHAPTER 
agoe. My love was not such as you conjecture, quoth the ^U 
slave, for mine was that I loved so much a basket well Of the liberty 
heaped with fine linnen, as I did imbrace it so straightly, Don-Quixote 
that if the lustice had not taken it away from me by force, ^^^J^^ 
I would not have forsaken it to this houre by my good will. ^^^ ^^re a 
All was done in Flagrante^ there was no leisure to give mee carrying 
torment, the cause was concluded, my shoulders accommo- perforce to 
dated with a hundred, and for a supplement three prices of * P!"f? *^^ 
Grarrupes, and the worke was ended. What are Grarrupes ? ^ 
quoth Don -Quixote. Garrupes are Glallies, replied the 
slave, who was a young man of some foure and twenty yeeres 
old, and said he was borne in Piedrahita. 

Don-Quixote demaunded of the second, his cause of offence, 
who would answere nothing, he went so sad and melancholy. 
But the first answered for him, and said. Sir, this man goes 
for a Canarie-bird, I meane, for a Musitian and Singer. Is 
it possible, quoth Don-Quixote, that Musicians and Singers 
are likewise sent to the Gallies ? Yes, Sir, quoth the slave, 
for there ^s nothing worse then to sing in anguish. Rather, 

2uoth Don-Quixote, I have heard say, that ^ he which sings, 
oth afiright and chase away bis harms.'* Here it is quite 
contrary, quoth the slave, for ^ He that sings once, weepes all 
his life after.^ I doe not understand it, said Don-Quixote ; 
but one of the guardians said to him. Sir Knight, to sins in 
anguish, is said among this people non SaiiMa^ to con^sse 
upon the racke. They gave this poore wretch the torture, 
and hee confessed his delight, that hee was a Quatrero^ 
that is, a stealer of beasts. And because he hath confessed, 
hee is likewise condemned to the Grallies for sixe yeeres, with 
an Amen of two hundred blowes, which he beares already 
with him on his shoulders ; and he goes alwaies thus sad 
and pensative, because the other theeves that remaine be- 
hinde, and also those which goe heere, doe abuse, despise, 
and scorne him for confessing, and not having a courage 
to say Nofu For they say a No^ hath as many letters as 
an Ycj and that a delinquent is very fortunate, when his 
life or his death onely depends of his owne ton^e, and 
not of witnesses or proofes : and in mine opinion tiney have 

197 



-w»- 



CHAPTER 
VIII 

Of the liberty 
Don-Quixote 
gave to many 
wretches^ 
who were a 
carrying 
perforce to 
a place they 
desired not 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

very great reason. I likewise thinke the same, quoth Don- 
Quixote. 

And passing to the third, he demaunded that which he 
had done, of the rest, who answered him out of hand, and 
that pleasantly, I goe to the Lady Garrupes for five yeeres, 
because I wanted tenne Duccats. I will give twenty with 
all my heart to free thee from that misfortune, quoth Don- 
Quixote. That, quoth the slave, would be like to one that 
hath money in tne midst of the Gulfe, and yet dies for 
hunger, beciause he can get no meate to buy for it. I say 
this, because if I had those twenty Duckets which your 
Worships liberality offers me in due season, I would have 
so annoynted with them the Notaries penne, and whetted my 
Lawyers wit so well, that I might to day see my selfe in 
the midst of the Market of Cocodover of Toledo, and not 
in this way trayled thus like a Grey-hound: but Grod is 
great. Patience ; and this is enough. 

Don-Quixote went after to the &urth, who was a man of 
a venerable presence, with a long white beard which reached 
to his bosome. Who hearing himselfe demanded the cause 
why he came there, began to weepe, and answered not 
a word. But the fift slave lent him a tongue, and said. 
This honest man goes to the Grallies for foure yeeres, after 
he had walked the Ordinary apparrelled in pompe, and a 
horsebacke. 

That is, quoth Sancho Fanca, as I take it, after he was 
carried about to the shame and publike view of the people. 
You are in the right, quoth the Slave, and the crime for 
which hee is condemned to this paine, was, for being a 
Broker of the eare, I and of all the body too ; for in effect 
I meane, that this Gentleman goeth for a Baude, and like- 
wise for having a little smacke and entrance in witch-craft. 
If that smacke and insight in witchcraft were not added, 
quoth Don-Quixote, hee merited not to goe and row in the 
Gallies for being a pure Baude, but rather deserved to 
governe and be their Generall. For the office of a Baude 
is not like every other ordinary office, but rather of great 
discretion and most necessary m any Common-wealth well 
governed, and should not be practised but by people well 

198 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

borne ; and ought besides to have a * Veedor, and exami- CHAPTER 
nator of them, as are of all other Trades, and a certaine ^^ 
appointed number of men knowne, as are of the other Of the liberty 
Brokers of the Exchange. And in this manner many I^n-Q^i*»te 
harmes that are done, might be excused, because this ^etcheT*"^ 
trade and office is practised by indiscreete people of little who were a 
understanding ; sucn as are women of little more or lesse, carrying 
young Pages and lesters of few yeares standing, and of lesse perforce to 
experience, which in the most urgent occasions, and when ? J^-^^ ^J^ 
they should contrive any thing artificially, the crummes ^^ , 
freeze in their mouthes and fists, and they know not which ^n offi^^i 
is their right hand. Faine would I passe forward, and give Spaine of 
reasons why it is convenient to make choice of those which great trusty 
ought in the Common-wealth to practise this so necessary an ^^ ^V ^® 
office : but the place and season is not fit for it. One day I ^^j^ ^^^ 
will say it to those which may provide and remedy it : onely search the 
I say now, That the assumpt or addition of a Witch, hatn dealing of 
deprived me of the compajssion I should otherwise have, to other under- 
see those gray haires and venerable face in such distresse ^<^"* *" 
for bein^ a Baude. Although I know very well, that no Controuler. 
sorcery m the world can move or force the will, as some 
ignorant persons thinke (for our will is a free Ppwer, and 
therms no nearb nor charme can constraine it.) That which 
certaine simple women, or couzening companions make, 
are some mixtures and poysons, wherewithall they cause 
men runne madde, and in the meane while perswade us 
that they have force to make one love well, oeing (as I 
have said) a thing most impossible to constraine the Will. 
That is true, quoth the ola man, and I protest, Sir, that I 
am wholly innocent of the imputation of Witchcraft: as 
for being a Baude, I could not denie it : but yet I never 
thought that I did ill therein ; for all mine intention was, 
that all the world should disport them, and live together 
in concord and quietnesse without griefes or quarrels : but 
this my good desire availed me but little to hinder my 
going there ; from whence I have no hope ever to retume, 
my yeeres do so burden me, and also the stone, which lets 
me not rest an instant. And saying this, he turned againe 
to his lamentations as at the first, and Sancho tooke such 

199 



CHAPTER 
VIII 

Of the liberty 
Don-Quixote 
gave to many 
wretches, 
who were a 
carrying 
perforce to 
a place they 
desired not 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

compassion on him, as setting his hand into his bosome, he 
drew out a couple of shillings, and gave it him as an almes. 
From him Don-Quixote past to another, and demanded 
his fault ; who answered with no lesse, but with much more 
pleasantnesse then the former : I goe heere, because I have 
jested somewhat too much with two couzen Germaines of 
mine owne, and with two other sisters, which were none of 
mine : finally, I jested so much with them all, that thence 
resulted the increase of my kindred so intricately, as there 
is no Casuist that can well resolve it. All was proved by 
me, I wanted favour, I had no money, and was in danger to 
lose my head : finally, I was condemned for sixe yeares to 
the Gallies. I consented, it is a punishment of my fault ; I 
am yong, and let my life but holde out a while longer, and 
all will goe well. And if you. Sir Knight, carry any thing 
to succour us poore folke, God will reward you it in heaven, 
and wee will have care here on earth to desire God in our 
daily prayers for your life and health, that it bee as long 
and as good as your good countenance deserves. Hee that 
said this, went in the habite of a student, and one of the 
guard tolde him that hee was a great talker, and a very 
good Latinist. 

After all these came a man of some thirty yeares old, of 
very comely personage, save onely that when he looked, 
he seemed to thrust the one eye into the other. Hee was 
difierently tied from the rest ; for he carried about his legge 
so long a chain, that it tired all the rest of his body : and 
hee had besides, two yron rings about his necke, the one of 
the chaine, and the other of that kinde which are called 
A keepe friend, or the foote of a friend. From whence 
descended two yrons unto his middle, out of which did 
sticke two manacles, wherein his hands were lockt up with 
a great hanmig locke ; so as he could neyther set his hands 
to his moutii, nor bend downe his head towards his hands. 
Don-Quixote demanded why he was so loaden with yron 
more then the rest? The Guard answered, because he 
alone had committed more faults then all together, and was 
a more desperate knave, and that although they carried him 
tied in that sort, yet went they not sure of him, but feared 

300 



ni] HISrrORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

hee would make an escape. What fftults can he have so CHAPTER 
grievous, quoth Don-Quixote, since he hath onely deserved ^^^ 
to be sent to the Gallies ? He goeth, replied ^e 6u£mi, to Of the liberty 
them for tenne yeares, which is equivalent to a civil! death : I>on-Q'"xoto 
never strive to know more, but that this man is the S^^tches"*"^ 
notorious Gines of Passamonte, who is otherwise called who were a 
Ginesilio of Parapilla. Master Commissarie, quoth the carndng 
slave, hearing him say so, go fidre and softly, and runne P«™rce to 
not thus dilating of names and siunames. I am called Gines ^^^ ^^^ 
and not Ginesiho, and Passamonte is my surname, and not 
Parapilla, as you say, and let every one tume about him, 
and he shall not doe little. Speake with lesse swelling, quoth 
the Commissarie, Sir thiefe of more then the *Marke, if you *Iiarke, a 
wil not have me to make you hold your peace, maugre your certaine 
teeth. It seemes well (quoth the slave) that a man is carried ^^?*^*P" 
as pleaseth Grod ; but one day some body shal know whether §^ne for 
I be called Ginesilio of Parapilla. Why, doe not they call swords, which 
thee so, couzener ? quoth the guard. They doe, said Gines, if any tnms- 
but I will make that they shall not call me so, or I will f'®"??^?^ 
fleece them ; there where I mutter under my teeili. Sir JJ^J ^^ ^^ 
Knight, if you have any thing to bestow on us, give it us forfeited, 
now, and be gone in the name of Grod ; for you do tire us 
with your too curious search of knowing other mens lives : 
and if you would know mine, you shall understand that I 
am Gines of Passamonte, whose life is written (shewing his 
hand) by these two fingers. Hee sayes true, quoth the 
Commissary, for he himselfe hath penned his owne historie 
so well as there is nothing more to bee desired: and 
leaves the booke pawned in the prison for two hundred 
Rials: and likewise meanes to redeeme it, quoth Gines, 
though it were in for as many duckets. Is it so good 
a worke ? said Don-Quixote. It is so good, replied Gmes, 
that it quite puttes downe LazariUo de TormeSj and as 
many others as are written or shall write of that kind: 
for that which I dare affirme to vou, is, that it treates of 
true accidents, and those so debghtfuU, that no like in- 
vention can be compared to them. And how is the booke 
intituled ? quoth Don-Quixote. It is called, said he. The 
life of Gines qf Pcueamonie. And is it yet ended ? said 
CC JWl 



CHAPTER 
VIII 

Of the liberty 
Don-Quixote 
gave to many 
wretches^ 
who were a 
carrying 
perforce to 
a place they 
desired not. 



*Regodeo, 
p. 207. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

the Knight. How can it be finished, replied he, my life 
being not yet ended ? since all that is written is from the 
houre of my birth untill, that instant that I was sent this 
last time to the Grallies. Why then, belike you were there 
once before (quoth Don-Quixote) ? To serve Grod and the 
King, I have beene in there another time foure yeares, 
and I know already how the Bisket and Provant agree 
with my stomacke (quoth Gines) nor doth it grieve mee 
very much to retume unto them; for there I shall have 
leisure to finish my booke, and I have many things yet to 
say: and in the (rallies of Spaine, there is more resting 
time then is requisite for that businesse, although I shall 
not need much time to penne what is yet unwritten ; for 
I can if neede were say it all by roate. Thou seemest to 
be ingenuous, quoth Don-Quixote. And unfortimate with- 
all, quoth Gines ; for mishaps do still persecute the best 
wits. They persecute knaves, quoth tne Commissary. I 
have already spoken to Master Commissary, quoth Passa- 
monte, to go raire and softly ; for the Lords did not give 
you that rode, to the end you should abuse us wretches 
that goe here, but rather to guide and carry us where 
his Majesty hath commanded: if not, by the life of, tis 
enough that perhaps one day may come to light, the 
spor^ that were made in the Inne. And let all ti^e world 
peace and live well, and speake better, for this is now too 
great a * digression. The Commissary held up his rod to 
strike Passamonte in answer of his threats: but Don-Quixote 

Eut himselfe betweene them and intreated him not to use 
im hardly, seeing it was not much that one who carried his 
hands so tyed, should have his tongue somewhat free : and 
then turning himselfe towards the slaves, he said : 

I have gathered out of all that which you have said, 
deere brethren, that although they punish you for your 
faidts, yet that the paines you goe to suifer, doe not very 
well please you, ana that you march towards them with 
a veij ill ^oU, and wholly constrained, and that perhaps 
the httle courage this fellow had on the racke, the want 
of money that the other had, the small favour that a third 
enjoyed; and finally, the wrested sentence of the ludge, 
SOS 




Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and the not executing that justioe that was on your sides, CHAPTER 
have beene cause of your nuseiy. All which doth present ^^^I 
it selfe to my memory in such sort, as it perswadeth, yea, Of the liberty 
and forceth me to effect that for you, for which heaven I>on-Quixate 
sent me into the world, and made me professe that order ^tcheT***^ 
of Knighthood which I follow, and that vow which I made ^i^q were a 
therein to favour and assist the needfull, and those that are carnring 
oppressed by others more potent. But for as much as I pniorce to 
know that it is one of the partes of prudence, not to doe S^?f5 ^^7 
that by foule meanes, which may be accomplished by faire ; 
I will intreate those Gentlemen your guardians and Commis- 
sary, they will please to loose and let you depart peaceably ; 
for there will not want others to serve the JEQng in better 
occasions ; for it seemes to mee a rigorous maner of proceed- 
ing, to make slaves of them whom Grod and nature created 
free. How much more, good Sirs of the guard (added Don- 
Quixote) seeing these poore men have never committed any 
offence against you; let them answere for their sinnes in the 
other world : there is a Grod in heaven, who is not negligent 
in punishing the evill, nor rewarding the good: and it is 
no wise decent, that honourable men should be the exe- 
cutioners of other men, seeing they cannot saine or lose 
much thereby. I demand this of you in this peaceable 
and quiet manner, to the end that if you accomplish my 
request I may have occasion to yeeld you thankes; and 
if you will not doe it willingly, then shall this Launce and 
this Sword, guided by the invincible valour of mine arme, 
force, you to it. 

This is a pleasant doting, answered the Commissary, and 
an excellent jest, wherewit£all you have finished your large 
reasoning. Would you have us leave unto you those the 
King forceth ? as if we had authority to let them goe, or 
you to command us to doe it. Go on your way in a 
good houre, gentle Sir, and settle the Bason you beare on 
your head somewhat righter, and search not thus whether 
the Catte hath three feete. Thou art a Catte, and a Rat, 
and a knave, quoth Don-Quixote, and so with word and 
deed at once ne assaulted him so suddenly, as without 
giving him leisure to defend himselfe, he struck him downe 

SOS 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["«. 

CHAPTER to the earth very sore wounded with a blow of his Lanoe, 
^m and as fortune would, this was he that had the fiie-locke 
Of the liberty piece; the rest of the guard remained astonished at the 
Don-Quizote unexpected accident ; but at last returning againe to them- 
^«tche«**°^ selves, the horsemen set hand to their swords, and the 
who were a footmen to their dartes, and all of them set upon Don- 
ouT^ing Quixote, who did expect them very quietly: and doubtlesly 
peiiorce to de would have beene in danger, if the slaves perceiving the 
deored not ^^^^*^^^ offered to be so fit to recover libertie, had not pro- 
cured it by breaking the chaine wherein they were linked. 
The hurly-burly was such, as the canards now b^an to 
runne to hinder the slaves from untying themselves, now to 
offend Don-Quixote, who assaulted them; so that they could 
doe nothing availeable to keepe their prisoners. Sancbo 
for his part holpe to lose Gines of Fassamonte, who was 
the first that leaped free into the field without clogge, and 
setting upon the overthrowne Commissaiy, he £sarmed 
him of his sword and piece : and now ayming at the one 
and then at the other with it, without discharging, made 
all the guards to abandon the fielde, as well for feare of 
Passamonte^s piece, as also to shunne the marvellous showre 
of stones that the slaves now delivered, powred on them. 
Sancho grew marvellous sadde at this suocesse ; for he sus- 
pected that those which fled away, would goe and give 
notice of the violence committed to the Holy brother- 
hood : which would presently issue in troupes, to search 
the delinquents : and said as much to his Lord, requesting 
him to depart presently from thence and imboske himselfe 
in the mountaine, which was very neere. All is well, quoth 
Don-Quixote, I know now what is fit to be done, and so 
calling together al the slaves that were in a tumult, and 
had stript the Commissary naked, they came all about him 
to heare what he commanded, to whom he said : 

It is the part of people weU-bome, to gratifie and ac- 
knowledge the benefits they receive, ingratitude being one 
of the sinnes that most offendeth the Highest. I say it. 
Sirs, to this end, because you have by manifest triall seene, 
that which you have received at my hand, in reward whereof 
I desire, and it is my will, that all of you loaden with tihat 




m] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

chaine from which I even now freed your necks, goe pre- CHAPTER 
sently to the City of Toboso, and there present your selves VIII 
before the Lady Duldnea of Toboso, ana recount unto her Of the liberty 
that her Knight of the II favoured face sends you there I>on-Quixate 
to remember his service to her : and relate unto her at ^^hes**°^ 
larse the manner of your freedome, all you that have had who were a 
suw noble fortune, and this being done, you may after goe carnring 
where you please. perforce to 

Gines de Passamonte answered for all the rest, saying; 5^^?3*^7 
That which you demand, ffood Sir (our releaser) is most 
impossible to be performed, by reason that we cannot go 
all together through these wayes, but alone and devidra, 
procuring each of us to hide himselfe in the bowels of the 
earth, to the end we may not be found by the Holy brother- 
hood, which will doubtlesly set out to search for us: that 
thereifore which you may and ought to doe in this exieent 
is, to change this service and homage of the Lady Dulcinea 
of Toboso, into a oertaine number of Ave Maries and 
Creedes, which wee will say for your intention, and this 
is a thing that may be accomplished by night or by day, 
running or resting, in peace or in warre; but to thinke 
that wee will retume againe to take up our chaines, or 
set our selves in the way of Toboso, is as hard as to make 
us beleeve, that it is now night, it being yet scarce ten of 
the clocke in the morning, and to demaund such a thing 
of us, is as likely as to seeke for Peares of the Elme tree. 
I sweare by such a one (quoth Don-Quixote thorowly in- 
raged) Sir Sonne of a whoore, Don Ginesilio of Paropillio, 
or howsoever you are called, that thou shalt goe thy selfe 
alone with thy taile betweene thy legges, and beare all the 
chaine in thy necke. Passamonte who was by nature veiy 
cholericke, knowing assuredly that Don-Quixote was not 
very wise (seeing he had attempted such a desperate act, 
as to seeke to give them liberty) seeing himselfe thus 
abused, winked on his companions, and going a little aside, 
they sent such a showre of stones on Don-Quixote, as he 
had no leisure to cover himselfe with his Buckler, and poore 
Rozinante made no more account of the spurre, then if his 
sides were made of Brasse. Sancho ranne behinde his Asse, 

jeo5 



CHAPTER 
VIII 

Of the liberty 
Don-Quixote 
gave to many 
IrretchM. 
who were a 
carrang 
pern>rce to 
a place they 
desired not 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

and by his meanes sheltred himselfe from the dowde and 
showre of stones, that rained upon both. And Don- 
Quixote could not cover himselle so well, but that a 
number of stones strucke him in the body with so great 
force, as they overthrew him at last to the ground, and 
scarce was he fallen, when the student leapt upon him 
and tooke the bason off his head, and gave nim three or 
foure blowes with it on the shoulders, and after strucke it 
so oft about the ground, as hee almost broke it to peeces. 
They tooke from him likewise a cassocke which he wore 
upon his armour, and thought also to take away his 
stockings, but that they were hmdred by his grieves. From 
Sancho they tooke away -his Cassocke, and left him in his 
haire, and dividing all the spoiles of the battaile amons 
themselves, they departed, eveiy one by the way he pleased, 
troubled with greater care how to escape from the Holy 
brotherhood which they feared, then to lade themselves 
with the yron chaine, and goe andpresent themselves before 
the Lady Dulcinea of Toboso. Tne Asse, and Bozinante, 
Sancho, and Don -Quixote, remained alone. The Asse 
stood pensative, with his h^id hanging downewards, shak- 
ing ^now and then his eares, thinking that the storme 
of stones was not yet past, but that they still buzzed 
by his head. Rozinante lay over-throwne by his Master, 
who was likewise strucke downe by another blow of a 
stone. Sancho in feare of the bullets of the Holy brother- 
hood, and Don-Quixote most discontent to see him- 
selfe so misused by those very same, to whom 
he had done so much good. 



^ 



!i06 



"I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHJAPTER IX 

Of that which befell the famous Don-Quixote in 

Siera Morena, which was one of the most rare 

adventures, which in this or any other so 

authenticall a History is recounted. 

ON-QUIXOTE seeinc himselfe in so ill 
ilight, said to his »iuire Saocho, I have 
leaxd say oft-times, tnat to doe good to 
men unuiankfull, is to cast water into 
tbe Sea. If I had beleeved what thou 
saidst to me, I misht well have prevented 
all this griefe: out now that is past: 
3^ patience, and be wiser an other time. 
You wil take warning as much by this, quoth Sancho, as 
I am a Turke. But since you say, that if you had beleeved 
me, you had avoided this griefe, beleeve me now, and you 
shall eschue a greater ; for you must wit, that no Knight- 
hood nor Chivalry is of any authoritie with the Holy 
brotherhood ; for it cares not two farthings for all the 
Knights Errants in the world, and know, that mee thinkes 
I heare their arrows buzze about mine eares already. 
Saocho, thou art a naturall coward, quoth Don-Quixote, 
but because thou mayest not say, that I am obstinate, and 
that I never follow thine advice, I will take thy counselt 
this time, and convey my selfe from that fury which now 
thou fearest so much : but it shal be on a condition, that 
thou never tell alive nor dying to any mortall creature, 
that I retired or withdrew my selfe out of this danger for 
feare, but onely to satisfle thy requests : For if thou sayest 
any other thing, thou shalt belie me most falsly : and even 
from this very time till that, and from thence until now, I 
give thee tbe lie herein, and I say thou liest, and shatt lie 
as oft-times as thou layeat or doest thinke the contrary: 

ao7 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lir 

CHAPTER and doe not replie to me. For in onely thinking that I 
^ withdraw my selfe out of any peril, but principally this, 
Of that which which seemes to carry with it some shadow of feare, I am 
befell the about to remaine and expect heere alone, not onely for 
Quixote in°' ^^^ Holy brotherhood, which thou namest and fearest, but 
SieraMorena^ ^^ for the brethren of the Twelve Tribes, for the Seven 
which was one Macchabees, for Castor and Pollux, and for all the other 
of the most brothers and brotherhoods in the world. Sir, answered 
toL whkh S*"^^^o> ^ retire, is not to flie, nor to expect is wise- 
in this or dome, when the danger exceedeth all hope ; and it is the 
any other so part of a wiseman, to keepe himselfe safe to day for 
authenticall to morrow; and not to adventure himselfe wholly in one 
* ^**^S ** ^fl-y- And know, that although I be but a rude Clowne, 

yet doe I for all that understand somewhat of that which 
men call good govemement : and therefore doe not repent 
yoiu: selfe for following mine advice, but mount on Rozi- 
nante if you be able ; if not, I wil helpe you, and come 
after me, for my minde gives me that we shall now have 
more use of legges then of hands. 

Don-Quixote leaped on his horse without replying a word, 

and Sancho guiding him on his Asse, they both entred into 

*A great and that part of *Sierra Morena that was neare unto them; 

large moun- Sancho had a secret designe to crosse over it all, and issue 

^^^ at Viso or Amodovar of Campo, and in the meane time to 

^^ ' hide themselves for some daies, among those craggie and 

intricate rocks, to the end they might not be found by the 

Holy brotherhood, if it did make after them. And he 

was the more encouraged to doe this, because he saw their 

provision which he carried on his Asse, had escapt safely 

out of the skirmish of the Gally-slaves : a thin^ which he 

accounted to be a miracle, considering the diligence that 

the slaves had used to search and carrie away all things 

with them. They arrived that night into the very midst 

and bowels of the mountaine, and there Semcho thought 

it fittest to spend that night, yea and some other few dayes 

also, at least as long as their victuals indured, and with uiis 

resolution they tooke up their lodging among a number of 

Corke trees that grew betweene two Rockes. But fatall 

chance, which according to the opinion of those that have 

308 



"I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

not the light of faith ffuideth, directeth, and compound- CHAPTER 
eth all as it liketh, oidayned that that famous couzener ^ 

and thiefe Gines de Passamonte, who was before delivered Of that which 
out of chaines by Don-Quixotes force and folly, perswaded ^^®^ *^ 
through feare he conceived of the Holy brotherhood (whom Q^^i^^Jg i^"' 
hee had just cause to feare) resolved to hide himselfe like- SieraMorena^ 
wise in that mountaine, and his fortune and feares led him which was one 
just to the place where it had first addrest Don-Quixote of the most 
and his Squire, just at such time as he might perceive them, ^^ ^h^'h 
and they both at that instant fallen asleepe. And as evill- j^ ^(g ^^ 
men are evermore ingratefull, and that necessity forceth a any other so 
man to attempt that which it urgeth, and likewise that the authenticall 
present redresse prevents the expectation of a future, Gines, * ^***^^ 
who was neither gratefull nor gratious, resolved to steale ^^^^^^ 
away Sancho his Asse, making no account of Rozinante, 
as a thing neither saleable nor pawnable. Sancho slept 
soundly, and so he stole his beast, and was before morning 
so farre ofi^ from thence, as he feared not to be found. 

Aurora sallied forth at last to refresh the earth, and 
afiright Sancho with a most sorrowfull accident, for he pre- 
sently missed his Asse, and so seeine himselfe deprivea of 
him, he beean the most sadde ana dolefull lamentation 
of the worm : in such sort as he awaked Don-Quixote with 
his out-cries, who heard that hee said thus. O childe of my 
bowels, borne in mine owne house, the sport of my children, 
the comfort of my wife, and the envie of my neighbours ; 
the ease of my burdens, and finally the sustainer of halfe 
of my person ; for with sixe and twentie Marvediis that I 
gain^ daily by thee, I did defray halfe of mine expences. 
Don-Quixote, who heard the plaint, and knew also the 
cause, did comfort Sancho with the best words he could 
devise, and desired him to have patience, promising to give 
a letter of exchange, to the end that they of his house 
miffht deliver him three Asses of five, which he had left 
at home. 

Sancho comforted himselfe againe with this promise, and 
dried up his teares, moderated his sighes, and gave his Lord 
thankes for so great a favour. And as they entred in 
farther among those mountaines, we cannot recount the joy 

DD ao9 



CHAPTER 
IX 

or that which 
befell the 
famoiu Don- 
Quixote in 
%er» Morena, 
which VM one 
of the most 
nre adven- 
tures, which 
in this or 
Mnj other so 
aathenticall 
a History is 
ncconDted. 




THE FIRST PART OF THE ["r 

of our Knight, to whom those places seemed most accom- 
modate to atchiere the adTentures he searched for. They 
reduced to his memory the marvellous accidents that had 
befalne Knights Errant in like solitudes and desarts: and 
he rode so overwhelmed and transported by these thoughts, 
as he remembred nothing else. Nor Sancho had any other 
care (after he was out of feare to be taken) but how to fiU 
his belly with some of these relikes which yet remained of 
the Clericall spovles ; and so hee followed his Lord, taking 
now and then out of a basket, (which Rozinante carried 
for want of the Asse) some meat, lining therewithal! his 
paunch ; and whilst he went thus imploved, he would not 
nave given a mite to encounter any other adventure how 
honourable soever. 

But whilst he was thus busied, he espyed his Master 
labouring to take up with the point of bos laveline^ some 
bulke or other that lay on the ground, and went towards 
him to see whether he needed his helpe, just at the season 
that he lifted up a saddle cushion, and a Portmantew tJBst 
to it, which were halfe rotten, or rather wholly rotted by 
the weather; yet they weighed so much, that Sanchoes 
assistance was requisite to take them up: and straight 
his Lord commaunded him to see what was in the Wallet. 
Sancho obeyed with expedition. And although it was shut 
with a chame and hanging locke, vet by the parts which 
were tome he saw what was within, to wit, foure fine 
holland shirts, and other linnens both curious and cleane : 
and moreover a handkercher, wherein was a good quantity 
of gold : which he perceiring, said, Blessed be heaven, which 
hath once presented to us a beneficiall adventure : and 
searching for more, he found a Tablet very costly bound. 
This Don-Quixote tooke of him, commaunding him to 
keepe the golde with himselfe ; for which rich favour Sancho 
did presently kisse his hands: and after, taking all the 
linnen, he clapt it up in the bagge of their victuals. Don- 
Quixote having noted all these things, said. Me thinkes, 
Sancho (and it cannot be possible any other) that some 
traveller having left his way, past through this moun- 
taine, and being encountred by thieves, they slew him« and 

210 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

buried him in this secret place. It cannot be so, answered CHAPTER 
Sancho, for if they were tneeves, they would not have left ^ 

this money behind them. Thou sayest true, quoth Don- Of that which 
Quixote, and therefore I cannot conjecture what it might M*^^ *^ 
be : but stay a while, we will see whether there be any Quixote in 
thing written in these Tablets, by which wee ma^ vent and Siera Morena, 
finde out that which I desire. Then he opened it, and the which was one 
first thing that he found written in it, as it were a first of the most 
draught, but done with a very faire Character, was a Sonnet ^J^ Jhkj'h 
which he read aloud, that Sancho might also heare it, and in this or 

was this which ensues : any other so 

authenticall 
a History is 
Or love of undentandinff quite is voyde : recounted. 

Or he abounds in cruelty^ or m}^ uaine 

Th' occasion equals not ; for wlucn I bide 

The torments dyre^ he maketh me sustaine. 
fiut if love be a Cfod^ I dare maintains 

He nought ignores : and reason aye decides, 

Gods should not cruell be : then who ordaines 

This paine I worship, which my heart divides ? 
Filis ! I erre, if tiiou 1 say it is : 

For so great ill and good cannot consist 

Nor doih this wracke from heav'n befall, but yet, 
That shortly I must die, can no wav misse : 

For th' evill, whose cause is hardly well exprest, 

fiy miracle alone, true cure may get 

Nothing can be learned by that verse, auoth Sancho, if 
by that * Hilo or threed which is said tnere, you gather *An allusion 
not where lies, the rest of the clue. What Hilo is here? ^^^^^ 
quoth Don-Quixote. Me thought, quoth Sancho, that you Jljiiifying 
read Hilo there. I did not, but Fili, said Don-Quixote, a^^d. 
which is without doubt the name of the Lady, on whom the 
Authour of this Sonnet complaines, who in good truth seemes 
to be a reasonable good Poet, or els I know but little of that 
Art. Why then^uoth Sancho, belike you doe also under- 
stand Poetry ? That I doe, and more then thou thinkest, 
quoth Don-Quixote; as thou shalt see when thou shalt 
carry a letter from me to my Lady Dulcinea del Toboso, 
written in verse from the one end to the other: For I 
would thou shouldest know, Sancho, that all or tlie greater 

211 



f 

1 



CHAPTER 
IX 

Of that which 
befell the 
fiunoos Don* 
Qaixote in 
Sieni Morenfty 
which was one 
of the most 
rare adven- 
tnret, which 
in this or 
tuij other 80 
aothentieall 
aHiatoryifl 
recounted. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ur 

number of Knights Errant, in times past were great Versifiers 
and Musitians : for these two quabties, or graces as I may 
better terme them, are annext to amorous Knights Adven- 
turers. True it is, that the verses of the aundent Knights 
are not so adorned with words, as they are rich in conceita. 
I pray you reade more, quoth Sancho, for periiaps you 
may nnde somewhat that may satisfie. Then Don-Quixote 
turned the leafe, and said. This is fvrose, and it seemes to be 
a letter. What Sir, a missive letter ? quoth Sancho. No, 
but rather of love, according to the beginning, quoth Don- 
Quixote. I pray you therefore, quoth Sancho, reade it loud 
enough, for I take great delight m these things of love. I 
am content, quoth Don-Quixote, and reading it loudly as 
Sancho had requested, it said as ensueth: 

Thy false promise and my certaine misfortune, do carry 
me to such a place, as from thence thou shalt sooner receive 
newes of my death, then reasons of my just complaints. 
Thou hast disdained me (O ingrate) for one that hath 
more, but not for one that is worth more then I am : but if 
vertue were a treasure of estimation, I would not emulate 
other mens fortunes, nor weepe thus for mine owne misfor- 
tunes. That which thy beauty erected, thy workes have 
overthrowne : by it I deemed thee to be an Angell, and by 
these I certainely know thee to be but a woman. Rest in 
peace (O causer of my warre) and let heaven worke so, that 
thy spouses deceipts remaine still concealed, to the end thou 
maist not repent what thou didst, and I bee constrained to 
take revenge of that I desire not. 

Having read the letter, Don-Quixote said, We can col- 
lect lesse by this then by the letter, what the Authour is, 
other then that he is some disdained lover : and so passing 
over all the booke, he found other Verses and Letters, of 
which hee could reade some, others not at all. But the 
summe of them all were, accusations, plaints, and mistrusts, 
pleasures, griefes, favours, and disdaines, some solemnized, 
others deplored. And whitest Don-Quixote past over the 
booke, Sancho past over the mallet, without leaving a 
comer of it, or the cushion unsearched, or a seame unnpt, 
nor a locke of wooll uncarded, to the end nothing might 

212 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

remaine behind for want of diligence, or carelessenesse : CHAPTER 

the found gold which part a hundred crownes, had rtird I^ 

in him such a greedinesse to have more. And though he Of that which 

got no more then that which he found at the first, yet did ^^®^ *^ 
e account his flights in the coverlet, his vomiting of the (^J^^Jg ij^' 
drench, the benedictions of the packe-staves, the blowes of SieraMorena, 
the Carrier, the losse of his wallet, the robbing of his which was one 
Cassocke, and all the hunger, thirst, and wearinesse that of the most 
he had past in the service of his good Lord and Master, J^^^^hj^h 
for well imployed; accounting himselfe to be more then in this or 
well payed, oy the gifts received of the money they found, any other so 
The knight of the Ilfavoured face was the while possessed authenticall 
with a marvailous desire to know who was the owner of the * ^'"^^^d!* 
mallet, conjecturing by the Sonnet, and letter, the gold, 
and linnen, that the enamoured was some man of worth, 
whom the disdaine and rigour of his Lady had conducted 
to some desperate termes. But by reason that no body 
appeared, through that inhabitable and desart place, by 
whom he mieht be informed ; hee thought on it no more, 
but only roade on, without choosing any other way, then 
that which pleased Rozinante to travaile, who tooke the 
plainert and easiest to passe through : having still an ima- 
gination that there could not want some strange adventure, 
amidst that Forrest. 

And as he rode on with this conceit, he saw a man on 
the top of a little mountaine that stood just before his face, 
leape from rocke to rocke, and tuffe to tufie, with wonder- 
full dexterity. And as he thought, he was naked, had a 
blacke and thicke beard, the haires many and confusedly 
mingled, his feet and legges bare, his thighes were covered 
with a paire of hose, which seem^ to bee of Murry Velvet, 
but were so tome, that they discovered his flesh in many 

E laces: his head was likewise bare, and although he past 
y with the hast we have recounted, yet did "inie Knight 
of the Ilfavoured face note all these particularities, and 
although he indevoured, yet could not hee follow him, 
for it was not in Rozinantes power, in that weake state 
wherein he was, to travaile so swiftly among those rocks, 
cliiefly being naturally very slow and flegmatike. Don- 

813 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER Quixote after espyii^ him, did instantly imagine him to 
'^ be owner of the cushion and mallet ; and therefore resolved 

Of that which to goe on in his search, although he should spend a whole 
^^^ *nn y^^^ therein among those mountaines : and commanded 
O^ote in"' ^^°<^o ^ S*>^ about the one side of the mountaine, and 
SieraMorena, hewould goe the other, and quoth hee, it may befall that 
which wBBone by using this diligence, wee may incounter witn that man, 
of the most which vanished so suddainely out of our sight. I cannot 
to« wWch ^°^ *°» quoth Sancho, for tnat in parting one step from 
in this or y°"> feare presently so assaults mee, with a thousand visions 
uty other m and afirightments. And let this serve you hereafter for 
autiienticall a warning, to the end you may not from henceforth part 
■v™*^^'" me the blacke of a naile from your presence. It uiall 
bee BO, answereth The Knight of the ill-&voured face. 
And I am very glad that thou dost thus build upon my 
valour, the which shall never faile thee, although thou didst 
want thy very eoule : and therefore follow me by little and 
little, or as tnou maist, and make of thine eyes two I^nt- 
homes, for wee give a tume to this little rocke, and perhaps 
wee may meete with this man whom we saw even now, who 
doubtlesly can be none other then the owner of our bootie. 
To which Sancho replyed, It were much better not to 
finde him : for if we snould meet him, and were by chance 
the owner of thb money, it is most evident that I must 
restore it to him, and therefore it is better without using 
this unprofitable diligence, to let me possesse it bona fitUj 
untill the true Lord shall appeare by some way lesse curious 
and diligent : which perhaps may fall at such a time as 
it shall IK all spent ; and in that case I am freed from 
all processes bv priviledge of the King. Thou deceivest 
thy selfe, Sancno, therein, quoth Don-Quixote : for seeing 
wee are falne already into suspition of the owner, wee are 
bound to search and restore it to him : and when wee 
would not seeke him out, yet the vehement presumption 
that we have of it, hath made us possessors vtala fide, 
and renders us as cuhiable, as if he whom we surmise, 
were verily the true Lord. So that, friend Sancho, be 
not grieved to seeke him, in respect of the griefe where- 
of thou shalt free me if he be found. And saying so, 

sen 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

spurd Rozinante, and Sancho followed after a foote, ani- CHAPTER 
mated by the hope of the yong Asses his Master had ^ 

promised unto him ; and havmg compassed a part of the Of that which 
mountaine, they found a little streame, wherin lay dead, ^efellt^ 
and halfe devoured by dogs and crows, a Mule sadled (^iz^ in ~ 
and bridled, al which confirmed more in them the suspi- SieraMorena^ 
tion that hee which fled away, was owner of the Mule and which was one 
cushion. And as they looked on it, they heard a whistle, ®^ the most 
much like unto that which Sheepheards use, as they keepe ^^ Jhich 
their flocks, and presently appeared at their left hand a in this or 

freat number of Goates, after whom the Goatheard that any other so 
ept them, who was an aged man, followed on the toppe of aui*enticall 
the mountaine ; and Don-Quixote cried to him, requesting ^^i^IIi^ 
him to come downe to them: who answered tiiem againe 
as loudly, demanding of them, who had brought them to 
those desarts, rarely troden by any other then Goats, 
Wolves, or other savage beastes which frequented those 
mountaines ? Sancho answered him, that if nee would de- 
scend where they were, they would give him account there- 
of. With that the Sheepheard came downe, and arriving 
to the place where Don-Quixote was, he said, I dare wager 
that you looke on the hyred Mule which lies dead there in 
that Dottom ; well, in good faith he lies in that very place 
these sixe moneths. Say, I pray you, have not you met in 
the way with the master thereof ? We have encountred no 
body but a cushion and a little Mallet, which we found not 
very farre off from hence. I did likewise finde the same, 
replyed the Goat-heard, but I would never take it up nor 
approach to it, fearefull of some misdemeanor, or that I 
should be hereafter demanded for it as for a stealth. For 
the Divell is crafty, and now and then something riseth, 
even from under a mans feete, whereat he stumbles and 
falles, without knowing how, or how not. That is the 
very same, I say, quoth Sancho: for I likewise found it, 
but would not approach it the cast of a stone. There 
I have left it, and there it remaines as it was; for I 
would not have a dogge with a bell. Tell me good fellow, 

auoth Don-Quixote, dost thou know who is the owner of all 
lese things ? 

S15 



THR FIRST PART OF THE 



Tlib. 



riMrTRW 

IX 



in f hi* ff 




Tlint which I can say, answered the Goat-heard« is that 
nlNiiit flome i^ixe moneths past, little more or lesse, there 
. --fived at A certaine iheepe-tbld some three leagues off, a 
' "i *n"f h* ^ ynng Gentleman of comely personage* and presence, mounted 
^hmnn* (•""- iin that very Mule which Lies dead there, and with the same 
Urijf'*f<* 'f* (*(ii«hion and Mallet which you say you met, but touched not. 
s»K« Wnf^""« jj^ (Irmaunded of us which was the most hidden and inac- 
whirh •*■""** ,^--.i,ie part of the mountaine. and we told him that this 
»r^ •H»f"- irhcrcin we are now : and it is true ; lor ii you did enter 
but halfe a league tarther, perhaps you would not tinde the 
ifay out Againe so readily : and I doe greatly marvell how 
^oii could rind the way hither it selfe ; for there is neither 
'ligh way nor path that may addresse any to this place, 
f day then, that the young man, as soone as he heard our 
uriffwere, hee turned the bridle, and travelled towards the 
place we shewed to him, leaving us all with very great liking 
of his comelines, and marvel! at his demaund and speed 
wherewith he departed and made towards the mountaine : 
and after that time, we did not see him a good many of dales, 
untill by chance one of our sheepheards came by with our 
provision of victuals, to whom he drew neere, without speak- 
mg a word, and spumed and beat him welfavourdly, and 
after went to the Asse which carried our victuals, and 
taking away all the bread and cheese that was there, he 
fled into the mountaine with wonderfull speede. When we 
heard of this, some of us Goat-heards, wee went to search 
for him, and spent therein almost two dayes in the most 
solitary places of this mountaine, and in the end found 
him lurking in the hollow part of a very tall and great 
Corke tree ; who as soone as he perceived us, came forth to 
meetc us with great stayednes : his apparrell was all tome, 
his visage disfigured, and tosted with the Sunne in such 
manner, as we could scarce know him, if it were not that his 
attire, although rent, by the notice we had of it, did give us 
to understand, that hee was the man for whom we sought. 
He saluted us courteously, and in briefe and very good 
reasons he said, that we ought not to marvel], seeing him 

7 in that manner : for that it behoved to doe so, that hee 
lit accomplish a certaine penance injoyned to him, for 
■ 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the many sinnes he had committed. We prayed him to CHAPTER 
tell us what he was : but wee could never perswade him to IX 

it. We requested him likewise that whensoever he had any Of that which 
neede of meat (without which he could not live) he should ^^H the 
tell us where wee might finde him, and we would bring it to ^J^^Jg^"*" 
him with great love and diligence ; and that if he ako did SieraMorena, 
not like of this motion, that he would at leastwise come which was one 
and aske it, and not take it violently as he had done before o^ the moat 
from our Sheepheards. Hee thanked us very much for our f**"® "^^vdi 
offer, and intreated pardon of the assaults passed, and pro- ^ ^l^ ^^ 
mised to aske it from thence forward for Gk>ds sake, without any other so 
giving annoyance to any one. And touching his dwelling or authenticall 
place of abode, he saidf that he had none other then that * ^^^^^Z^ 
where the night overtooke him, and ended his discourse '^^^^ 
with so feeling laments, that we might well be accounted 
stones which heard him, if therein we had not kept him com- 
pany, considering the state wherein we had scene him first ; 
and that wherein now he was. For as I said, he was a very 
comely and gracious young man, and shewed by his courteous 
and orderly speech, that he was well borne, and a courtlike 

Eerson. For though wee were all Clownes, such as did heare 
im, his Grentility was such, as could make it selfe knowne, 
even to rudenesse it selfe : and being in the best of his Dis- 
course, he stopt and grew silent, fixing his eyes on the 
ground a good while, wherein wee likewise stood still sus- 
pended, expecting in what that distraction would end, with 
no little compassion to behold it; for we easily perceived 
that some accident of madnes had surprised nim, by his 
staring and beholding the earth so fixedly, without once 
mooving the eye-lidde, and other times by the shutting of 
them, the biting of his lips, and bending of his browes. But 
very speedily after, hee made us certaine thereof himselfe : 
for rising from the ground (whereon he had throwne him- 
selfe a little before) with great furie, hee set upon him that 
sate next unto him, with such courage and rage, that if wee 
had not taken him away, he would have slaine him with 
blowes and bites, and he did all this, saying, O treacherous 
Fernando, here, heere thou shalt pay me the injurie that 
thou didst me : these handes shall rent out the heart, in 
EE 217 



'$ 



I 

I 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["bi 

CHAPTER which do harbour and are heaped all evils together^ but 
IX principally fraude and deceit : and to these he added other 

Of that which words, all addrest to the dispraise of that Fernando, and to 
befell the attach him of treason and untruth. We tooke from him 
oSxote i^°" at last, not without difficultie, our fellow, and bee with- 
SieraMorena, ^^^ saying a word departed from us, embushing himselfe 
which was one presently among the bushes and brambles, leaving us wholly 
of the most disabled to follow him in those rough and unhaunted places, 
nre adven- gy ^.j^jg ^^ gathered that his madnes comes to him at 
in this or times, and that some one called Fernando, [had done] 
any other so some ill work of such waight, as the termes shew, to which 
authenticall it hath brought him. All which hath after beene yet 
•^***^^** confirmed as often, (which were many times) as he came 
'^^^^^ out to the fields, sometimes to demaund meat of the Sheep- 

heards, and other times to take it of them perforce: for 
when hee is taken with this fit of madnesse, although the 
Sheepheards doe offer him meat willingly, yet will not he 
receive, unlesse he take it with buffets : ancf when hee is in 
his right sense, he asks it for Gods sake, with courtesie and 
humanity, and renders many thanks, and that not without 
teares. And in very truth. Sirs, I say unto you, quoth the 
Goatheard, that I and foure others, wherof two are my men, 
other two my friends, resolved Yesterday to search until we 
found him ; and being found, eyther by force or faire means, 
we will carry him to the towne of Almodavar, which is but 
eight leagues from hence ; and there will we have him cured, 
if his disease may be holpen, or at least we shall leame what 
he is, when he tumes to his wits, and whether he hath any 
friends to whom notice of his misfortune may be given. 
This is, Sirs, all that I can say concerning that which you 
demaunded of mee ; and you shall understand that the owner 
of those things which you saw in the way, is the very same, 
whom you saw passe by you so naked and nimble. For Don- 
Quixote had told him by this, that hee had scene that man 
goe by, leaping amons the Rockes. 

Don-Quixote rested marvellously admired at the Goat- 
heards tale, and with greater desire to know who that unfor- 
tunate mad-man was, purposed with himselfe, as hee had 
alreadie resolved to search him throughout the mountaines. 



/ 




I ' 



HI] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

without leaving a comer or Cave of it unsought, untill he CHAPTER^ 
had gotten him. But fortune disposed the matter better ^ 

then tie expected : for he appeared in that very instant in a Of that whieh 
clift of a Rocke, that answered to the place where they stood ^^«11 the 
speaking, who came towards them, murmuring somewhat to g^^^"' 
himselfe, which could not be understood neere at hand, and SieraMorena, 
much lesse a farre off. His apparell was such as we have which was one 
delivered, onely differing in this, as Don-Quixote perceived of the most 
when he drew neerer, tlSit he wore on him, although tome, J^^^Xch 
a leather lerkin perfumed with Ambar. By which he in this or 
thoroughly collected, that the person which wore such any other so 
attire, was not of the least quality. When the youne authenticall 
man came to the place where they discoursed, he saluted * ***^S** 
them with a hoarce voyce, but with great courtesie: and 
Don-Quixote retumed him his greetings with no lesse com- 
plement; and allighting from Rozinante, he advanced to 
imbrace him with very good carriage and countenance, 
and held him a good while straightly between his armes, 
as if he had knowne him of long time. The other, whom 
we may call the unfortunate Knight of the Rock, as well 
as Don-Quixote, the Knight of the ill favoured face, after 
he had permitted himselfe to be imbraced a while, did step 
a little off from our Knight ; and laying his hand on his 
shoulders, began to behold him earnestly, as one desirous to 
call to minde whether he had ever seene him before : being 
perhaps no lesse admired to see Don-Quixotes figure, pro- 
portion and armes, then Don-Quixote was to view him. 
In resolution, the first that spoke after the imbrac- 
ing, was the ragged Knight, and sayd what 
we will presently recount 



819 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 




CHAPTER X 

Wherdn is prosecuted the adventure of 
Sierra Morena. 

HE History affinnes, that great waa the 
atention, wherewithal! Don-Quixote lis- 
tened to the unfortunate Knight of the 
Ilock, who began his speech in this man- 
ner: Truely, good Sir, whatsoever you 
he (for I know you not) I doe with all 
my heart gratifie the signes of affection 
and courtesie which you have used towards 
me, and wish heartily that I were in termes to serve with 
more then my will, the good will you beare towards me, as 
your courteous intertainment denotes: but my fate ia so 
niggardly, as it aflborda me no other meanes to repay good 
workes done to me, then onely to lend me a good desire 
sometime to satisfie them. So great is mine afTection, 
replied Don-Quixote, to serve you, as I was fully resolved 
never to depart out of these mountaines untill I had 
found you, and known of your selfe whether there might 
be any kind of remedy found for the griefe that this 
your BO unusuall a kind of life argues, doth possesse your 
Boule. And if it were requisite, to search it out with 
all possible diligence : and when your disaster were known 
of those which clap their doors in the face of comfort, 
I intended in that case to beare a part in your lamen- 
tations, and plaine it with the dolefullest note ; for it is a 
consolation in afflictions to have one that condoles in them. 
And if this my good intention may merit any acceptance, 
or be gratified by any courtesie, let me intreat you, Sir, by 
the excesse thereof, which I see accumulated in your bosom; 
and joyntly I conjure you by that thing which you have, or 
doe presently most affect, tnat you wUl please to disclose 
unto me who you are, and what the cause hath bin that 
280 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

perswaded you to come, to live and dye in these desarts, CHAP] 
like a bruit beast, seeing you live among such, so alienated ^ 

from your selfe, as both your attire and countenance demon- Wherein 
strate. And I doe vow (quoth Don-Quixote) by the high R"'**!?^*^ 
order of Chivalrie, which I (although unworthie and a sinner) of Siem 
have received, and by the profession of Knights errant, that Morena. 
if you doe pleasure me herein, to assist you with as good 
earnest as my profession doth binde me, either by remedying 
your disaster, if it can be holpen ; or els by assisting you to 
lament it, if it be so desperate. 

The Knight of the Rocke, who heard him of the ill favoured 
face speake in that manner, did nothing else for a great 
while, out behold him again and again, and re-behold him 
from top to toe. And after viewing him wel he said; if 
you have any thing to eate, I pray you give it me for Gods 
sake, and an;er I nave eaten, I will satisfie your demand 
thorowly, to gratifie the many courtesies and undeserved 

Eroffers you have made unto me. Sancho, and the Groat- 
eard presents the one out of his Wallet, the other out of 
his Scnp, tooke some meat and gave it to the Knight of the 
Rocke to allay his hunger, and he did eate so fast, like a 
distracted man, as he left no intermission between bit and 
bit, but clapt them up so swiftly, as he rather seemed to 
swallow then to chew them ; and whilst he did eat, neither 
he or any of the rest spoke a word : and having ended his 
dinner, he made them signes to follow him, as at last they 
did, unto a little meadow seated hard by that place, at the 
folde of a mountaine; where being arrived he stretched 
himselfe on the grasse, which the rest did likewise in his 
imitation, without speaking a word, untill that he after 
setling himselfe in his place, began in this manner : if, Sirs, 
ou please to heare the exceeding greatnesse of my disasters 
riefly rehearsed, you must promise me, that you will not 
interrupt the file of my dolefull narration, with eyther 
demaund or other thing ; for in the very instant that you 
shall do it, there also must remaine that which I say depend- 
ing. These words of our ragged Knights, called to Don- 
Quixotes remembrance the tale which his Squire had told 
unto him when he erred in the account of his Groats, which 

221 



I 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

CHAPTER had passed the river, for which that Historie remained sus- 
X pended. But returning to our ragged man, he said; this 

Wherein is prevention which now I give, is to the end that I may com- 
prosecuted pendiously passe over the discourse of my mishaps : lor the 
S sSr*'"'" revoking o/them to remembrance, onely serves me to none 
Morena. other steed then to increase the old by adding of new mis- 

fortunes ; and by how much the fewer your questions are, by 
so much the more speedily shal I have finisned my pittifuU 
Discourse ; and yet 1 meane not to omit any essential poynt 
of my woes untoucht, that your desires may be herein suffi- 
ciently satisfied. Don-Quixote in his own, and hb other 
companions name, promised to performe his request ; where- 
upon he began his relation in this manner : 

My name is Cardenio, the place of my birth, one of the 
best Cities in Andaluzia, my linage noble, my parents rich, 
and my misfortunes so great, as I thinke my parents have 
e'^re this deplored, and my kinsfolke condoled them ; being 
very little able with their wealth to redresse them ; for the 

foods of fortune are but of smal vertue to remedie the 
isasters of heaven. There dwelt in the same Citie a 
heaven, wherein love had placed all the glonr that I could 
desire ; so great is the beauty of Lusdnda, a damzel as noble 
and rich as I : but more fortunate and lesse constant then 
my honourable desires expected. I loved, honoured, and 
adored this Luscinda, almost from my verie infancy; and 
she affected me likewise, with all the integritie and good 
will, which with her so young yeares did accord. Our 
parents knew our mutuall amity; for which they were 
nothing agrieved, perceyving very well, that although we 
continued it, yet could it have none other end but that of 
Matrimony ; a thing which the equality of our blood and 
substance did of it selfe almost invite us to. Our age and 
affection increased in such sort, as it seemed fit for Luscinda'*s 
father, for certaine good respects, to denie me the entrance 
of his house any longer ; imitating in a manner therein Tisbi, 
so much solemnized by the Poets, her parents ; which hinder- 
ance served only to adde flame to flame, and desire to desire : 
for although it set silence to our tongues, yet could they 
not impose it to our pens, which are wont to expresse to 
Sg2 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

whom it pleased, the most hidden secrecies of our soules, CHAPTER 
with more libertie then the tone ; for the presence of the ^ 

beloved doth often distract, trouole, and strike dumbe the Wherein is 
boldest tongue and firmest resolution. O heavens, how prosecuted 
many Letters have I written unto her ? What cheerefull ^f siemT ^^ 
and honest answers have I received ? How many Ditties Morena. 
and amorous Verses have I composed, wherein my soule 
declared and published her passions, declined her inflamed 
desires, intertayned her remembrance, and recreated her 
will ? In efiect, percey ving my selfe to be forced, and that 
my soule consum^ with a perpetuall desire to behold her, I 
resolved to put my desires in execution, and finish in an 
instant that which I deemed most expedient for the better 
atchieving of my desired and deserved reward ; which was 
(as I did indeed) to demaund her of her father for my lawfull 
Spouse. To which he made answere, that he did gratific the 
good will which I shewed by honouring him, and desire to 
honour my selfe with pawnes that were his : but yet seeing 
my father yet lived, the motion of that matter properly most 
concerned him. For if it were not done with his good 
liking and pleasure, Luscinda was not a woman to be taken 
or given by stealth. I rendred him thankes for his good 
will, his words seeming unto me very reasonable, as that my 
father should agree unto them, as soone as I should explane 
the matter; and therefore departed presently to acquaint 
him with my desires; who, at the time which I entred into 
a chamber, wherein he was, stood with a letter open in his 
hand; and espying me, e're I could breake my mind unto 
him, gave it me, saying ; by that letter, Cardenio, you may 
gather the desire that Duke Ricardo beares, to doe you 
any pleasure or favour. This Duke llicardo, as I thinke 
you know Sirs already, is a Grande of Spayne, whose 
Dukedome is seated in the best part of ail Andaluzia. 
I tooke the letter and read it ; which appeared so urgent, 
as I my selfe accounted it would be ill aone, if my father 
did not accomplish the contents thereof, which were indeed, 
that he should presently addresse me to his Court, to the 
end I might be companion (and not servant) to his eldest 
Sonne ; and that he would incharge himselfe with the advanc- 

2SS 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lb. 

CHAPTER ing of me to such preferments as might be answerable unto 
X the value and estimation he made of my pereon. I past 

Wherein is over the whole Letter, and was strucken dumbe at the read- 
P™»"™*"1 ing thereof, but chiefly bearing my father to say, Cardenio, 
of SiTm**"" thou must depart within two t&ves, to accomplish the Dukes 
Morena. desire ; and omit not to render Almighty God thankes, 

which doth thus open the way, by which thou mayest 
attaine in fine to that which I know thou doeat merite; 
and to these words added certaine others of fatherly coun- 
sell and direction. The tenne of my departure arrived, 
and I spoke to my Lusdnda on a certaine night, and re- 
counted unto her cUl that passed, and likewise to her father, 
intreating him to oversbp a few dales, and deferre the 
bestowing of his daughter else-where, untill I went to 
understand Duke Ricardo his will : which he promised me, 
and she confirmed it with a thousand oathes and promises. 
Finally, I came to Duke Ricardoes Court, ana was so 
friendly received and entertained by him, as even veiv then 
envie oegan to exercise her accustomed function, beeing 
forthwith emulated by the auncieot Servitors ; perswading 
themselves, that the tokens the Duke shewed to doe me 
favours, could not but tume to their prejudice. But be 
that rejoyced most at mine arrivall, was a second soune of 
the Dukes, called Fernando, who was young, gallant, veiy 
comely, liberall, and amorous ; who within a while after my 
comming, held mee so deerely, as every one wondred thereat : 
and though the elder loved me well, and did me favour, yet 
was it in no respect comparable to that wherewithall Don 
Fernando loved and treated me. It therefore befell, that 
as there is no secresie amongst friends so great, but they 
will communicate it the one to the other, ana the fomiliari^ 
which I had with Don Fernando, was now past the limits of 
favour, and turned into deerest amitie, he revealed unto me 
all his thoughts, but chiefly one of his love, which did not 
a little molest him. For lie was enamoured on a Fanners 
daughtec that was his fathets vassall, whose parents were 
marvellous rich, and she her selfe so beautifully wary, dis- 
crcete, and honest, as never a one that knew her, could 
absolutely determine wherein, [or] in which of all her pei^ 
324 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fections she did most excell or was most accomplished. CHAPTER 
And those good parts of the beautifiill countrey-maide, ^ 

reduced Don Fernando his desires to such an exigent, as he Wherein is 
resolved that he might the better gaine her good will, and S^y*®li- 
conquere her integntie, to passe her a promise of marriage ; ^f sierra 
for otherwise he should labour to affect that which was im- Morena. 
possible, and but strive against the streame. I, as one 
bound thereunto by our friendship, did thwart and disswade 
him from his purpose with the best reasons, and most effi- 
cacious words I might : and seeing all could not prevaile, I 
determined to acquaint the Duke Ricardo his fattier there- 
withall. But Don Fernando beeing very crafty and dis- 
creete, suspected and feared as much, because hee considered 
that in the law of a faithfuU servant, I was bound not to 
conceale a thing that would tume so much to the prejudice 
of the Duke my Lord : and therefore both to divert and 
deceive me at once, that he could finde no meanes so good, 
to deface the remembrance of that beautie out of his minde, 
which held his hart in such subjection, then to absent him- 
self for certaine moneths : and he would likewise have that 
absence to be this, that both of us should depart together, 
and come to my fathers house, under pretence (as hee 
would informe tne Duke) that he went to see and cheapen 
certaine great horses that were in the Citie wherein I was 
borne ; a place of breeding the best horses in the world. 
Scarce haa I heard him say this (when borne away by 
the naturall propension each one hath to his Countrey, and 
my love joynde) although his designment had not beene so 
good, yet would I have ratified it, as one of the most ex- 
pedient that could be imagined, because I saw occasion and 
oportimity so fairely ofired, to retume and see againe my 
Luscinda. And thereof set on by this thought and desire, 
I approved his opinion, and did quicken his purpose, per- 
swading him to prosecute it with all possible speede, for 
absence would in the end work her effect in despite of the 
most forcible and urgent thoughts ; and when he said this 
to me, hee had already under the title of a husband (as it was 
afterward knowne) reaped the fruits of his longing desires, 
from his beautifull countrey maide, and did onely await an 
FF 286 



I 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER oportuDity to reveale it without his owne detriment ; feare- 
X full of the Duke his fatfaen indignation, when he should 

Wherein is understand his errour. 

P"***'***^ It afterward hapned, that as lore in young men is not for 

of^SieiTO* ^^^ ™°*^ P*"^ '"^^ ^^^ '"'^' ^^^ which (as it ever proposeth 
Morons. ^ '^ 'c"*^ *" ^ 1^^ ^^^ ^nd period hia delight) so as soone 

as it obtaJneth the same, it likewise decaieth and maketfa 
forcibly to retire that which was termed love ; for it cannot 
transgresse the limits which Nature hath assigned it, which 
boundingB or meares, Nature hath in no wise allotted to 
true and sincere affection. I would say, that as soone aa 
Son Ferdinando had injoyed his Coun^ lasse, his desires 
weakened, and his importunities waxed colde ; and if at the 
first he finined an excuse to absent himselfe, that he might 
with more facility compasse them, he did now in very good 
earnest procure to depart, to the end he might not put 
them in execution. The Duke gave blm license to depart, 
and commanded me to accompany him. We came to my 
Citie, where my father entertayned him according to hiB 
calling, I saw Luscindo, and then aeaine were revivM 
(although indeede they were neither dead nor mortified) my 
desires, and acquainted Don Fernando (alas, to my totall 
mine) with them, because I thot^ht it was not lawful! by 
the law of amity to keepe any thing concealed from him. 
There I dilated to him, on the beauty, wit, and discretion 
of LuBcinda in so ample manner, as my prayses stirred in 
him a desire to view a Damzell so greatly adorned, and 
inriched with so rare endowments : and tnis his desire I 
through my misfortune satisfied, shewing her unto him by 
the light of a candle, at a Window where we two were wont 
to parle together; where he beheld her to be such, as was 
Bumcient to blot out of his memory all the beauties which 
ever he had viewed before. He stood mute, beside himselfe, 
and ravished : and moreover rested so greatly enamoured, 
as you may perceive in the Discourse of this my doleful! 
narration. And to inflame his desires the more, (a thing 
which I fearefully avoyded, and onely discovered to heaven) 
fortune so disposed, that he found after me one of her letters, 
wherein she requested that I would demand her of her father 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

for wife; which was so discreet, honest and amorously CHAPTER 
penned, as he said after reading it, that in Luscinda alone ^ 

were included all the graces of beauty and understanding Wherein is 
joyntly, which were divided and separate in all the other E"^"*®f, 
women of the world. Yet in good sooth I will here con- ©f SiemT 
fesse the truth, that although I saw cleerely how deservedly Morena. 
Luscinda was thus extold by Don Ferdinando, yet did not 
her praises please me so much pronounced by him ; and 
therefore began to feare and suspect him, because he let 
no moment overslip us, without making some mention of 
Luscinda, and would still himselfe begin the discourse, were 
the occasion ever so far-fetched : a thing which rowsed in me 
I cannot tell what iealousie; not that I did feare any traverse 
in Luscindas loyalty, but yet for all my fates made me the 
very thing which they most assured mee: and Don Ferdinando 
procured to read all the papers I sent to Luscinda, or she to 
me, under pretext that he tooke extraordinary deliffht to note 
the witty conceits of us both. It therefore fell out, that 
Luscinda having demaunded of mee a booke of Chivalry to 
read, wherein shee tooke marvellous delight, and was that of 
Amadis du Gatde. 

Scarce had Don-Quixote well heard him make mention of 
bookes of Knight-hood, when hee replied to him; if you had, 
good Sir, but once tolde me at the oeginning of your His- 
toricall narration, that your Lady Luscinda was affected to 
the reading of Knightly adventures, you needed not to have 
used any amplification to indeere or make plaine unto me 
the eminencie of her wit ; which certainely could not in any 
wise bee so excellent and perspicuous as you have figured it, 
if she wanted the jpropension and feeling you have rehearsed, 
to the perusing ofso pleasing discourses : so that henceforth 
with me, you need not spend any more words to explaine 
and manifest the height of her beauty, worthes and under- 
standing ; for by this onely notice I have received of her 
devotion to books of Kmghthood, I do confirme her for 
the most faire and accomplished woman for all perfections in 
the world : and I would to God, good Sir, that you had also 
sent her together with Amadis, the Histories of the good 
Don Rtigel of Grecia ; for I am certaine the Lady Luscinda 

827 



I 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER would have taken great delight in Darayda and Garaya, and 
^ in the wittie conceits of the Sheepheard Darinel, and in those 

Wherein it admirable verses of his Bucolickes, sung and rehearsed by him 
th^^"*^ with such grace, discretion and liberty. But a time may 
of Siem!* "'* come, wherein this fault may be recompenced, if it shall 
Moreoa. please you to come with mee to my village ; for there I may 

give you three hundred bookes, which are my soules greatest 
contentment, and the intertainment of my life ; although I 
do now verily beleeve that none of them are left, thankes be 
to the malice of evill and envious inchanters. And I be- 
seech you to pardon me this transgression of our agreement 
(at the first promised) not to interrupt your Discourses : for 
when I heare any motion made of Chivalry or Knights 
Errant, it is no more in my power to omit to speake of them, 
then in the Sunne-beames to leave ofi* warming, or in the 
Moones to render things humid. And therefore I intreat 
pardon, and that you will prosecute your History, which is 
that which most imports us. 

Whilest Don-Quixote spoke those words, Cardenio hanged 
his head on his brest, giving manifest tokens that he was 
exceeding sad. And although Don-Quixote requested him 
twice to follow on with his Discourse, yet neither did he lift 
up his head, or answere a word, till at last, after he had 
stood a good while musing, hee held up his head and said : it 
cannot be taken out of my minde, nor is there any one in the 
world can deprive me of the conceit, or make mee beleeve 
the contrary : and he were a bottle-head, that would thinke 
or beleeve otherwise then that the great villaine. Master 
Elisabat the Barber kept Queene Madasima as his Lemman. 
That is not so, I vow by such and such, quoth Don- 
Quixote in great choler (and as he was wont, rapt out three 
or foure round oathes) and it is great malice, or rather 
villany to say such a thing. For Queene Madasima was a 
very noble Lady, and it ought not to be presumed, that so 
high a Princesse would fall in love with a Quack-salver : and 
whosoever thinkes the contrary, lies like an arrant villaine ; 
as I will make him understand a horsebacke or a foote, 
armed or disarmed, by night or by day, or as he best 
liketh. Cardenio stood beholding him very earnestly as 
S28 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

he spoke these words, whom the accident of his madnesse CHAPTER 
had by this possessed, and was not in plight to prose- ^ 

cute his History : nor would Don-Quixote give eare to Wherein is 
it, he was so mightily disgusted to heare Queene Mada- K[**^"*^ 
sima detracted. A marvellous accident, for hee tooke her ^f sierra 
defence as earnestly, as if she were verily his true and Morena. 
naturall Princesse ; his wicked bookes had so much distracted 
him. And Cardenio being by this furiously madde, hearing 
himselfe answered with the lie, and the denomination of a 
villaine, with other the like outrages, he tooke the rest in 
ill part, and lifting up a stone that was neere unto him, 
gave Don-Quixote sucn a blow therewithall, as hee over- 
threw him to the ground on his backe. Sancho Panca 
seeing his Master so roughly handled, set upon the foole 
with nis fist shut ; and the ragged man received his assault 
in such manner, as he likewise overthrew him at his fcete 
with one fist, and mounting afterward upon him, did worke 
him with his feete like a piece of dough : and the Goat- 
heard, who thought to succour him, was like to incurre 
the same danger. And after hee had over-throwne and 
beaten them all very well, he departed from them and 
entrcd into the wood very quietly. Sancho arose, and with 
rage to see himselfe so belaboured without desert, hee 
ranne upon the Groatheard to bee revenged on him, saying 
that he was in the fault, who had not premonished them, 
how that mans raving fits did take him so at times ; for had 
they beene advertised therof, they might have stood all the 
while on their guard. The Goatheard answered, that he had 
alreadv advised them thereof; and if hee had not beene 
attentive thereunto, yet he was therefore nothing the more 
culpable. Sancho Pan^a replied, and the Goatheard made 
a rejoynder thereunto : but their disputation ended at last, 
in the catching hold of one anothers beards, and befisting 
themselves so uncompassionately, as if Don-Quixote had not 
pacified them, they would have torne one another to pieces. 
Sancho holding still the Goatheard fast, said unto his Lord, 
Let mee alone. Sir Knight of the ill favoured face, for on 
this man who is a Clowne as I am my selfe, and [no] dubbed 
Knight, I may safely satisfie my selfe of the wrong he 

9S9 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["■• 

CHAPTER hath done me, by fighting with him band to band like 

^ an honourable man. It is true, quoth Don-Quixote, but I 

Wberein w know welt that bee is in no wise culpable of that which 

R"**?"**^ batb hapned. And saying so, appeased them ; and turned 

of Sie^" "g""* '° demand of the Goatheard, whether it were possible 
Moreno. 



to meet agaJne with Cardenio ; for he remained j 

with an exceeding desire to know tbe end of bis History. 

The Goat-heard turned again to repeat what be bad said at 

the first, to wit, tliat be knew not any certaine place of his 

abode ; but if he haunted that Commarke any while, 

be would some-time meete with him, eyther in 

his madde or modest humour. 



r\ 



CHAPTER XI 

Which treates of the strange adventures that hap- 
ned to the Knight of the Mancha, in Sierra 
Morena : and of the penance he did there, 
in imitation of Beltinebros. 

ij]ON-QUIXOTE tooke leave of the Goat- 
heard, and mounting once againe on 
Itozinante, be commanded Sancho to 
(Eil i"'iriii^i ] follow him, who obeyed, but with a very 
A ^ gajjj ^ h ill will ; and thus they travelled by little 
cj KtiSj^yi^ '^^ little, entring into the thickest and 
■V ^"^^isO roughest part of all the mountaine : and 
Sancho went almost burst with a desire 
to reason with his Master, and therefore wished in minde 
that he would once begin, that he might not transgresse bis 
commandement of silence imposed on him, but growing at 
last wholly impotent to containe himselfe speeuilesse any 
longer : Good Sir Don-Quixote, I pray you give me your 
blessing, and license ; for I meane to depart irom this place, 
and retume to my house, my wife and children, with whom 
I shall be at least admitted to reason and speake my plea- 




Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sure ; for that you would desire to have me keepe you com- CHAPTER 
pany through these desarts night and day, and that I ma^ ^ 
not speake when I please, is but to bury me alive. Yet if ^Vhichtreates 
fortune had so happily disposed our afiiures, as that beasts o^ t*»e 8****°^® 
could speake as they cud in Guisopetes time, the harme had thathapned 
beene lesse, for then would I discourse a while with Rozi- to the Knight 
nante (seeing my niggardly fortune hath not consented I of the 
might doe it with mine Asse) what I thought good, and in Manc*»a> 
this sort would I weave my mishaps ; for it is a stubbome jvi^jpg,ia . 
thing, and that cannot be borne with patience, to travell all and of the 
the aayes of our life, and not to encounter any other thing penance he 
then tramplines under feete, tossings in Coverlets, blowes ?>4 ^^^^ *" 
of stones, and buffets, and be besides all this forced to sow g^tinebroe 
up our mouthes, a man daring not to breake his minde, but 
to stand mute like a post, ^ncho, I understand thee now, 
quoth Don-Quixote, thou diest with longing to speake that 
which I have forbidden thee to speake : account therefore 
that commaundement revoked, and say what thou pleasest, 
on condition that this revocation bee onely availeable and of 
force whitest we dwell in these mountaines, and no longer. 

So be it, quoth Sancho, let me speake now, for what may 
after befall, God onely knowes; and then beginning to 
take the benefit of his license, he said, I pray you tell mee 
what benefit could you reape by taking Queene Magimasas 

[part] ? Or what was it to the purpose that that Abbat was 
ler friend or no ? For if you had let it slip, seeing you 
were not his ludge, I verily beleeve that the foole haa pro- 
secuted his tale, and we should have escaped the blow of 
the stone, the trampling under feete and spurnings, yea and 
more then five or sixe good buffets. Yfaith, Sancho, quoth 
Don-Quixote, if thou knewest as well as I did, how honour- 
able and principall a Lady was Queene Madasima, thou 
wouldest rather say, that I had great patience, seeing I did 
not strike theze on the mouth, out of wnich such blasphemies 
issued : for it is a very great dishonour to averre or thinke 
that any Queene would fall in love with a Barber. For the 
truth of the History is, that Master Elisabat, of whom the 
madde man spoke, was very prudent, and a man of a sound 
judgement, and served the Queene as her Tutor and Fhisi- 

SSl 



CHAPTER 
XI 

Which treates 
of the strange 
adventures 
that hapned 
to the Knight 
of the 
Maiicha^ 
in Sierra 
Morena : 
and of the 

Senance he 
id there^ in 
imitation of 
Beltinebros. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

cian ; but to thinke that she was his Lemman, is a mad- 
nesse worthy the severest punishment : and to the end thou 
mayest see that Cardenio knew not what he said, thou must 
understand that when he spoke it, hee then was wholly 
beside himselfe. 

That^s it which I say, quoth Sancho, that you ought not 
to make account of words spoken by a foole ; for if fortune 
had not assisted you, but aadressed the stone to your head, 
as it did to your brest, we should have remained in good 

Slight, for having turned so earnestly in that my Ladies 
efence, whom Grod confound : and thinke you that Cardenio 
would not escape the dangers of the law, by reason of his 
madncsse ? Any Knight errant, answered Don-Quixote, is 
bound to turue for the honour of women, of what quality 
soever, against mad or unmad men : How much more 
for Queenes of so high degree and worth, as was Queene 
Madasima, to whom I beare particular affections for her 
good parts ? for besides her being marvellous beautifull, 
shee was moreover very prudent and patient in her calami- 
ties, which were very many, and the company and coimscls 
of Master Elisabat proved very beneficiall, and necessary 
to induce her to beare her mishaps with prudence ana 
patience: and hence the ignorant and ill-meaning vulgar 
tooke occasion to suspect and affirme, that she was his 
friend, but I say againe they lie, and all those that doe 
either thinke or say it, doe lie a thousand times. Why, 
quoth Sancho, I neyther say it nor thinke it ; let those 
tnat affirme any such thing, eate that lie and swallow it 
with their bread : and if they of whom you spoke, lived 
lightly, they have given account to God therof by this. I 
come from my Vineyard, I know nothing. I am not a 
friend to know other mens lives. For he that byes and 
lies, shal feele it in his purse. How much more seeing I 
was borne naked, and am now naked, I can neither win 
nor lose ? And if they were levyed, what is that to me ? 
And many think there is Bacon wliere there is but stakes. 
But how can they set gates to the field, specially seeing they 
spake ill of God himselfe ? Good God, quoth Don-Quixote, 
how many follies hast thou inserted here, and how wide from 
23S 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

our purpose are those proverbs which thou hast recited? CHAPTER 
Honest Sancho, hold thy peace, and from henceforth en- ^^ 

deavour to serve thy Master, and do not meddle in things Which treates 
which concerne thee nothing ; and understand with al thy ^^n+ure"^ 
five senses, that whatsoever I have done, do, or shall doe, thathapned 
is wholly guided by reason, and conformable to the rules to the Knight 
of Knighthood, which I know better then all the other of the 
Knights that ever profest them in the world. Sir, quoth ^''^.c*^* 
Sancho, and is it a good rule of Chivalry, that we goe Morena: 
wandring and lost among these mountains in this sort, and of the 
without path or way in the search of a mad-man, to whom penance he 
peradventure after he is found, will retume a desire to did there, in 
finish what hee began, not of his tale, but of your head BdtinebroB, 
and my ribbes, by endevouriug to breakc them soundly and 
thoroughly ? Peace, I say, Sancho, once againe, quoth Don- 
Quixote, lor thou must wit, that the desire of finding the 
mad-man alone, brings mec not into these parts so much, as 
that which I have in my mind to atchievc a ccrtaine adven- 
ture, by which I shall acquire etemall renowne and fame, 
throughout the universal face of the earth : and I shall 
therewithal! scale all that which may render a Knight 
Errant complete and famous. And is the adventure very 
dangerous ? quoth Sancho Panca. No, answered the Knight 
of the ill favoured face, although the Die might runne in such 
sort, as we might cast a hazard in steed of an incounter ; 
but all consists in thy diligence. In mine P quoth Sancho. 
Yes (quoth Don-Quixote), for if thou returnest speedily from 
the place whereunto I meanc to send thee, my painc will 
also end shortly, and my glory commence very soonc after : 
and because I will not hold thee long suspended, away ting 
to heare the efiect of my words, I would have thee to know, 
that the famous Amadis du Gaule, was one of the most 
accomplished Knights Errant. I doe not say well, saying 
hee was one; for he was the onely, the first, the unike and the 
Lord of as many as lived in his age. An cvill yecrc and a 
worse moneth for Don Belianis, or any other that shall dare 
presume to compare with him ; for I swcare, that they all 
are questionlessc deceived. I also say that when a Painter 
would become rare and excellent in his arte, he procures to 
66 SSS 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [l« 

CHAPTER imitate the patteraes of the most singular Masters of hi 

^ science. And this veir rule runnes currant throughout al 

Which treates other trades and exercises of account, which serve to adom< 

of the strange g^ y^^n disposed Common wealth ; €Uid so ought and dotl 

Sat ha^ned ^^ ^^^^ meanes to obtaine the name of a prudent anc 

to the Knight patient man, by imitating Ulysses, in whose person ao( 

of the dangers doth Homer delineate unto us the true portraitun 

■ Mancha, of patience and sufferance ; as likewise Virgil demonstrate 

M ^*^iwr unoer the person of Eneas, the duety and valour of a piou 

, , and of the sonne, and the sagacity of a hardy and expert Captaine, no 

Senance he shewing them such as indeed they were, but as tney shoulc 
id there, in be, to remaine as an example of Vertue, to ensuing pos 
Bfii^^b* ®^ terities. And in this very manner was Amadis the North 

star, and the Sunne of valorous and amorous Knights, whon 
all wee ought to imitate which march under the ensignes o 
love and Chivalry. And this being so manifest as it is 
I finde, friend Sancho, that the Knight Errant who shal 
imitate him most, shall likewise be neerest to attaine th< 
perfection of armes : and that wherein this Knight bewrayec 
most his prudence, valour, courage, patience, constancy 
and love, was when he retyred himselfe to doe penance 
being disdained by his Lady Oriana to the Poore Rocke 
changing his name unto that of Beltenebros, a name cer 
tainely most significative and proper for the life which he< 
had at that time willingly chosen. And I may more easil] 
imitate him herein, then in cleaving of Giants, beheading 
of Serpents, killing of Monsters, overthrowing of armies 
putting Navies to flight, and finishing of inchantments 

* And seeing that this Mountaine is so fit for that pur 
" pose, there is no reason why I should overslip the occasion 

which doth so commodiously proffer me her lockes. L 
;• effect, quoth Sancho, what is it you meane to doe in thes< 

remote places? Have not I told to thee already, saic 

Don-Quixote, that I meane to follow Amadis, by playinj 
; heere the despaired, wood and furious man ? To imitat( 

likewise the valiant Orlando, where he found the token 
) by a Fountaine that Angelica the faire had abused her self 

I with Medoro, for griefe whereof he ran mad, and pluckt uj 

* Trees by their rootes, troubled the water of cleere foun 

* 234 

f 

«■ 

!■ 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

taines, slew Sheepheards, destroyed their flocks, fired the CHAPTER 
sheep-folds, overthrew houses, trayled Mares after him, and ^ 

committed a hundred thousand other insolencies, worthy of Whiclitreates 
etemall fame and memorie. And although I meane not to ?^^®J^"^ 
imitate Roldan, or Orlando, or Rowland, (for hee had all these ^^^ hapned 
names) exactly in every madde prancke which hee played : to the Knight 
Yet will I doe it the best I can, in those things which shall of the 
seeme unto me most essentiall. And perhaps I may rest M^cha, 
contented with the only imitation of Amadis, who without More™ 
indamaging any by his ravings, and only usinff these of and of the 
feeling laments, arriving to as great fame therby as any penance he 
one whatsoever. did there, in 

I beleeve, replied Sancho, that the Knights which per- gjlffebrw; 
formed the like penances, were mooved by some reasons 
to doe the like austerities and follies : but, good Sir, what 
occasion hath beene ofiered unto you to become madde? 
What Lady hath disdained you P Or what arguments have 
you found, that the Lady Dulcinea of Toboso hath ever 
dallied with Moore or Christian? There is the point, 
answered our Knight, and therein consists the perfection 
of mine afiaires ; for that a Knight Errant doe runne mad 
upon any just occasion, deserves neyther praise nor thankes : 
the wit is in waxing madde without cause, whereby my 
Masters may understand, that if drie, I could doe this, 
what would I have done being watered ? How much more 
seeing I have a just motive through the prolixe absence that 
I have made from my ever-supremest Lady Dulcinea of 
Toboso ? For as thou mightest have heard read in Marias 
Ambrosio his Sheepheard : 

To him that absent is 
All things succeed amisse. 

So that, friend Sancho, I would not have thee lavish time 
longer in advising, to let slip so rare, so happy, and singular 
an imitation. I am madde, and will be madde, untill thou 
retume againe with answere upon a letter, which I meane 
to send with thee to my Lady Dulcinea : and if it be such 
as my loyaltie deserves, my madnesse and penance shall end : 
but if the contrary, I shall runne wood in good earnest, 

285 



: THE FIRST PART OF THE [i 

^ ^HAFTEE 40:: VK ::i z^joz i^jizc zzaz I ib&Z Apcrehsvi nor iieele J 

-^^ v.rr-;?. So •JiAi !:»•-. »*»:t=Tir I be ansT^sL I siuJl issue i 

Wi>tji:rMft» "/ ::j^ txx^'X did Mir* ▼iersa lioc aa^ect me. br jori 

r ''^ *-•* *^-'^-<<* thii zvx "ir-i- scaIi t-rii^ ek. js wise, or not feelim; 1 

•Aaf -A-rjrtf4 ^^^'^ *'^'^^'' *^-*'" 'UfZs'AJZjiisc, u -^ooc Bcr tcil mee daocj 
V/ v^ fc ir-* C£ftX>t»* v>j-- crAriJT Ttt tie heizaet <rf ibunbrino. wfaid 



'/ Vjt «» trjKft tAJt* rjD frod tbe zitxzrai the other c»t, vfaen ti 



I 



M^-^aa, jFigritirf -1 :VHo"» tbojLrrit to h*Te broken it into pieces, I 

V;^^^^^ cr^jl<i ry>t : or '■iiicfa eiat be collected the excellent temi 

t^jicrj» hn .San^.ho Ansvered to thi^ demand, saxine* I cannot sul 

^:^ tftm^ in r>r b»sAr» lori^-cr. Sir Kuizht of the ili faToured face, nor tB 
'Smj^ pati^en^y m&nj th:ns> *h:rfi you ay. azid I begin to susp 

oy vour wrjrd^ that all th&t vhich you hare said to me 
Chivalry, and of gaining Kinsdomes and Empires, of 1 
•towing Iland* and other gifts and ^reat things, as Knigl 
Krrant are wont, are all matters of ayre and lies, all cousc 
age or cousening, or how else you please to terme it : for l 
that shall heare you name a Barbers Bason, Mambrir 
helmet, and that tou will not abandon that errour in mc 
then foure dayes; what other can he thinke, but that 
who affirmes such a thing doth want wit and discretion ? 
carr}' the Ba«on in my ba^ge all battered and bored, and m 
have it mended, and dresse mv beard in it at home« if God sh 
dr>e me the favour that I may one day see my wife and bam 
Ik'hold, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, I doe likewise swea 
that thou hast the shallowest pate that ever any Squire h 
or hath in the world : is it possible, that in all the tii 
thou hast gone with me, thou couldest not perceive, tl 
all the adventures of Knights Errant doe appeare Chimer 
follies and desperate things, being quite contrary ? Not tl 
they are indeed such, but rather by reason that we are s 
haunted by a crew of inchanters, which chaunge and trai 
forme our actes, making them seeme what they plea 
acxrording as they like to favour or annoy us. And so tl 
wliicli sccmes to thee a Barbers bason, is in my cono 
Mambrino his Helmet ; and to another will appeare 
some other shape. And it is doubtlesly done by the pi 
found science of the wiseman my friend, to make that seei 
236 






1 



/ 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

a Bason, which really and truely is Mambrino'^s Helmet : be- CHAPTER 
cause that it being so precious a lewell, all the world would ^ 

[mrsue me to deprive me of it : but now seeing that it is so Which treate 
ike a Barbers bason, they endevour not to gaine it ; as was ^ the Strang* 
cleerely shewed in him that thought to breake it the other that haimed 
day, and would not carry it with him, but left it lying behind to the Knigh 
him on the ground, for yfaith he had never left it, did he of the 
know the worthinesse thereof. Keepe it, friend, for I neede Mancha, 
it not at this present wherein I must rather disarme my selfe jSorena^ 
of the armes I weare, and remaine as naked as I was at the and of the 
houre of my birth, if I shall take the humour rather to penance he 
imitate Orlando in doing of my penance then Amadis. did there^ in 

Whikt thus he discoursed, he arrived to the foot of a '^^^^'^b^^^^^ 
lofty mountaine, which stood like a hewen rocke, divided 
from all the rest; by the skirt whereof glided a smooth 
River hemmed in on every side by a greene and flourish- 
ing meddow, whose verdure did marvellously delight the 
greedy-beholding eye. There were in it also many wilde 
trees, and some plants and flowers which rendred the place 
much more pleasing. The Knight of the ill favoured face 
made choice of this place to accomplish therein his penance : 
and therefore as soone as he had viewed it, he began to say 
with a loud voyce, like a distracted man, these words ensu- 
ing : This is the place where the humor of mine eyes shall 
increase the liquid veines of this Crystall current : and my 
continuall and deepe sighes shall give perpetuall motion to 
the leaves of these mountainy trees, m testimony of the 
paine which my oppressed heart doth suffer. O you, who- 
soever ye be rusticall Gods, which have your Mansion in 
this inhabitable place, give eare to the plaints of this un- 
fortunate lover, whom a long absence, and a few imagined 
suspitions have conducted to deplore his state among these 
desarts ; and make him exclaime on the rough condition 
of that ingrate and faire, who is the top, the Sunne, the 
period, terme and end of all humane beauty. O ye Napeas 
and Driades, which doe wontedly inhabite the Thickets and 
Groves, so may the nimble and lascivious Satyres, by whom 
(although in vaine) you are beloved, never have power to 
interrupt your sweete rest, as you shall assist me to lament 

237 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER my disasters, or at least, attend them whitest I dolefully 
^ breathe them. O Dulcinea of Toboso, the day of my 
Whichtreates night, the gloiy of my paine. North of my travels, and 
of the strange gt^rre of my rortimes: so heaven inrich thee with the 
thathapned highest, whensoever thou shalt demaund it, as thou wilt 
to the Knight consider the place and passe unto which thine absence hath 
of the conducted me, and answere my faith and desires in com- 

Mancha^ passionate and gracious manner. O solitary trees (which 

MoreM^ shall from hence forward keepe company witn my solitude) 
and of the give tokens with the soft motion of your bowes, that my 
penance he presence doth not dislike you. O thou my Squire, and 
did there, in gratefuU compemion in all prosperous and adverse successes, 
Bel^e^o& beare well away, what thou shalt see me doe here, to the 

end that thou mayest after promptly recount it to the 
totall cause of my ruine. And saying so, he allighted from 
Rozinante, and taking off in a tnce his bridle and saddle, 
he strucke him on the buttocke, saying. He gives thee 
liberty, that wants it himselfe : O horse, as famous for thy 
workes, as thou art unfortunate by thy fates. Goe where 
thou pleasest, for thou bearest written in thy forehead, 
how tliat neither the Hippogriphon of Astolpho, nor the 
renowned Frontino, which cost Bradamant so aeerely, could 
compare with thee for swiftnesse. 

When Sancho had viewed and heard his Lord speake 
thus, he likewise said, Good betide him that freed us from 
the paines of unpannelling the gray Asse ; for if hee were 
here, yfaith he should also have two or three daps on the 
buttockes, and a short Oration in his praise: yet if hee 
were here, I would not permit any other to unpannell him, 
seeing there was no occasion why ; for he good beast was 
nothing subject to the passions of love, or despaire, no more 
then I, who was his Master when it pleased God. And in 
good sooth. Sir Knight of the ill-favoured face, if my depar- 
ture and your madnes be in TOod earnest, it will be needfull 
to saddle Kozinante againe, that hee may supply the want of 
mine Asse ; for it will shorten the time of my departure, 
and retume againe: and if I make my voyage afoot, I 
know not when I shall arrive there, or retume here backe 
unto you; for in good earnest I am a very ill footman. 
938 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Let it be as thou likest, quoth Don-Quixote, for thy de- CHAPTER 
signe displeaseth me nothing ; and therefore I resolve that ^' 

thou shalt depart from hence after three dayes, for in the Which treates 
meane sp£u;e thou shalt behold what I will doe and say of the strange 
for my Ladies sake, to the end thou maiest tell it to ^^^ hapued 
her. Why, quoth Sancho, what more can I view, then that to the Knight 
which I have seene already ? Thou art altogether wide of of the 
the matter, answered Don-Quixote, for I must yet teare .^^cha, 
mine apparell, throw away mine Armour, and beate my j^orena^ 
head about these Rockes, with many other things of that and of the 
kinde, that will strike thee into admiration. Let me beseech penance he 
you, quoth Sancho, see well how you give your selfe those ^^ there, in 
knockes about the rockes; for you might happen upon Sj^eb* 
some one so ungracious a rocke, as at the first rappe would 
dissolve all the whole Msushina of your adventures and 
penance. And therefore I would be of opinion, seeing 
that you doe hold it necessaric that some knockes bee given, 
with the head, and that this enterprise cannot bee accom- 
plished without them, that you content your selfe, seeing 
that all is but fained, counterfeited, and a jest, that you 
should, I say, content your self with striking it on the 
water, or on some other soft thing, as Cotton or Wooll, 
and leave to my charge the exaggeration thereof, for I will 
tell to my Ladie, that you strike your head against the 
point of a rocke, which was harder then a Diamond. 

I thanke thee, Sancho, for thy good will, quoth Don- 
Quixote, but I can assure thee tnat all these things which 
I doe are no jests, but very serious earnests, for otherwise 
wee should transgrcsse the Statutes of Chivalry, which com- 
mand us not to avouch any untruth, on paine of relapse, 
and to doc one thing for another, is as much as to lie. So 
that my head-knockes must be true, firme, and sound ones, 
without any sophisticall or fantasticall shaddow : and it will 
be requisite tnat thou leave me some lint to cure mee, 
seeing that fortune hath deprived us of the Balsamum which 
wee lost. It was worse to have lost the Asse, quoth Sancho, 
seeing that at once with him we have lost our linte, and all 
our other provision : and I intreat you most earnestly not to 
name agame that accursed drinke, for in onely hearing it 

SS9 



I 



I 

I 



CHAPTER 
XI 

Which treates 
of the strange 
adventures 
that hapued 
to the Knight 
of the 
Maucha^ 
in Sierra 
Morena : 
and of the 
penance he 
did there^ in 
imitation of 
Beltinebros. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [" 

mentioned, you not only tume my guts in me, but also n 
soule. And I request you moreover to make account tbi 
the terme of three dayes is already expired, wherein yo 
would have mee take notice of your follies ; for I dedai 
them already for seene, and will tell wonders to my Ladie 
wherefore goe write your Letter, and dispatch me with a 
hast ; for I long already to retume, ema take you out c 
this Purgatory, wherein I leave you. Dost thou call it i 
Purgatory, Sancho ? quoth Don-Quixote. Thou hadst don 
better, hadst thou called it hell, or rather worse, if ther 
be any thing worse then that. I call it so (quoth Sancho 
Quia in inferno nulla est reientio^ as I have heard say 
I understand not, said Don-Quixote, what reientio meanetn 
Retentio (quoth Sancho) is that, whosoever is in hell, neve 
comes, nor can come out of it. Which shall fall out con 
trary in your person, or my feet shall goe ill, if I may carr 
spurs to quicken Rozinante : and that I may safely arriv< 
before my Lady Dulcinea in Toboso, for I will recount unt< 
her such strange things of your follies and madnesse (foi 
they be all one) that you have done, and do daily, as I wil 
make her as soft as a glove, although I found her at th^ 
first harder then a Corke tree : with whose sweet and honi^ 
answere, I will retume in the aire as speedily as a Witch 
and take you out of this Purgatory, which is no hell, al^ 
though it seemes one, seeing there is hope to escape fron 
it ; which as I have said, they want which are in hell : anc 
I beleeve you will not contradict me herein. Thou hasi 
reason, answered The Knight of the ill favoured face 
but how shall I write the Letter ? emd the warrant for the 
rcceit of the Colts also, culded Sancho. All shall be in< 
serted together, quoth Don-Quixote : and seeing wee have 
no paper, we may doe well, imitating the auncient men o: 
times past, to write our minde in the leaves of trees oi 
waxe ; yet waxe is as hard to be found here as paper. Bui 
now that I remember my selfe, I know where we may writi 
our minde well, and more then well, to wit, in Caraenio^ 
Tablets, and thou shalt have care to cause the letters to \x 
written out againe fairely in the first Village, wherein thoi 
shalt finde a Schoole-master ; or if such a one bee wanting 
S40 




Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

by the Gierke of the Church : and beware in any sort, that CHAPTER 
thou give it not to a Notary or Court-Clerke to bee copied ; XI 

for they write such an intangling-confounded processe letter, Whichtreates 
as Sathan himselfe would scarce be able to reade it. And of the strange 
how shall we doe for want of your name and subscription ? that hapn^ 
quoth Sancho. Why, answered Don-Quixote, Amadis was to the Knight 
never wont to subscribe to his Letters. I, but the warrant of the 
to receive the three Asses must forcibly bee subsigned : and Mancha, 
if it should afterward be copied, they would say the former jJJ™ ™ 
is false, and so I shall rest without my Coltes. The War- ^ud of the 
rant shall bee written and firmed with my hand in the penance he 
Tablets, which as soone as my Niece shall see, she will did there, in 
make no diflBculty to deliver thee them. And as concerning Si^T 
the love letter, thou shalt put this subscription to it : Yours 
untill death, the Knight of the ill favoured face. And it 
makes no matter though it be written by any stranger, for 
as much as I can remember Duldnea can neyther write nor 
read : nor hath she scene any Letter, no, nor as much as 
a Character of my writing all the dayes of her life. For 
my love and hers have beene ever Platonicall, never extend- 
ing themselves farther, then to an honest regard, and view 
the one of the other : and even this same so rarely as I 
dare boldly sweare, that in these douzen yeares which I love 
her more deerely then the light of these mine eyes, which 
the earth shall one day devoure, I have not scene her foure 
times, and perhaps of those same foure times she hath 
scarce perceived once that I beheld her. Such is the care 
and dosenesse wherewithall her parents Lorenfo Corchuelo 
and her Mother Aldon9a Nogales, have brought her up. 
Ta, ta, quoth Sancho, that the Lady Dulcinea of Toboso is 
Lorenzo Corchuelo his daughter, called by another name 
Aldonfa Lorenzo ? The same is shee, quoth Don-Quixote, 
and it is she that merites to be Empresse of the vast Uni- 
verse. I know her very well, replied Sancho, and I dare 
say, that she can throw an Iron barre as well as any the 
strongest ladde in our Parish. I vow by the giver, that tis 
a Wench of the marke tall and stout, and so sturdy withall, 
that she will bring her chinnc out of the mire, in despite of 
any Knight Errant, or that shall erre, that shall honour her 
HH 241 



« 



CHAPTER 
XI 

Which treates 
of the strange 
adventures 
that hapned 
to the Knight 
of the 
Mancha^ 
in Sierra 
Morena : 
and of the 

Senance he 
id there^ in 
imitation of 
Beltinebros. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE C"b. 

as his Lady. Out upon her, what a strength and vojce she 
hath ! I saw her on a day stand on the toppe of the Church 
steeple, to call certaine servants of her fatners, that labored 
in a fallow field ; and although they were halfe a league fix»m 
thence, they heard her as well as if they were at the foote 
of the Steeple : and the best that is in her is, that she is 
nothing coy, for she hath a very great smacke of Court- 
ship, and playes with every one, and gibes and jests at 
them all. And now I af&rme. Sir Knight of the ill favoured 
face, that not only you may, and ought to commit raving 
follies for her sake, but eke you may with just title also 
despaire and hang your selfe: for none shall heare thereof but 
will say you did very well, although the Divell carried you 
away. And faine would I be gone, if it were for nothing else 
but to see her : for it is many a day since I saw her, and. I 
am sure she is changed by this, for womens beauty is much 
impaired by going alwaies to the field, exposed to the Sunne 
ana weather. And I will now Sir Don-Quixote, confesse a 
truth unto you, that I have lived untill now in a marvellous 
errour, thinking well and faithfully that the Lady Dulcinea 
was some great Princesse, on whom you were enamoured ; or 
such a person as merited those rich presents which you be- 
stowed on her, as well of the fiiscaines, as of the Slaves, and 
many others tliat ought to be, as I suppose, correspondent 
to the many victories which you have gained, both now and 
in the time that I was not your Squire. But pondering well 
the matter, I cannot conceive why the Lady Alaon9a Lorenfo ; 
I meane the Lady Dulcinea of Toboso, of these should care 
whether these vanquished men which you send or shall send, 
do goe and kneele before her ? For it may befall, that she at 
the very time of their arrivall be combing of flaxe, or thresh- 
ing in the barne, whereat they would be ashamed, and she 
likewise laugh, and be somewhat displeased at the present. 

I have oft told thee, Sancho, many times that thou art 
too great a prattler, quoth Don-Quixote, and although thou 
hast but a grosse wit, yet now and then thy frumps nippe : 
but to the end thou mayest perceive the faultinesse of thy 
braine, and my discretion, I will tell thee a short history, 
which is this : There was once a widdow faire, yong, free, 

242 



G 



HI] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

rich, and withall very pleasant and jocund, that fell in love CHAPTER 
with a certaine round and wel-set servant of a Colledge : ^ 

his regent came to understand it, and therefore said on Wliichtreatae 
a day to the widdow by the way of fratemall correction : ^^®J?"**°^ 
Mistresse, I do greatly marvell, and not without occasion, ^^^ hapned 
that a woman so principal, so beautifull, and so rich, and to the Knight 
specially so wittie, coula make so ill a choice, as to waxe of the 
enamoured on so foule, so base, and foolish a man as such ^^.<^> 
a one, we having in this house so many Masters of Arte, Morena : 
Graduates, and Divines, amongst whom you might have and of the 
made choise as among^ Peares, saying, I will take this, and I penance he 
will not have that ? But she answered him thus, with a very .. there, m 
pleasant and good grace ; You are. Sir, greatly deceived, if Sel^ebros. 
ou deeme that I have made an ill choice in such a one, let 
im seeme never so great a foole : for to the purpose that I 
meane to use him, he knowes as much or rather more Philo- 
sophy then Aristotle. And so, Sancho, likewise is Dulcinea 
of loboso as much worth as the highest Princesse of the 
world, for the effect I meane to use her. For all the Poets 
which celebrate certaine Ladies at pleasure, thinkest thou 
that they all had Mistresses ? No. Dost thou beleeve that 
the Amarillis, the Files, Silvias, Dianas, Galateas, Alcidas, 
and others such like, wherewithall the bookes, Ditties, 
Barbers shops, and Theaters are fiUed, were truely Ladies 
of flesh ana bones, and their Mistresses which have and 
doe celebrate them thus? No certainly, but were for the 
greater part fained, to serve as a subject of their verses, to 
the end the authours might be accounted amorous, and men 
of courage enough to be such. And thus it is also sufficient 
for me to beleeve and thinke that the good Aldonfa Loren9o 
is faire and honest: as for her parentage it matters but 
little; for none will send to take information thereof, to 
give to her an habite; and I make account of her as of 
the greatest Princesse in the world. For thou oughtest to 
know, Sancho, if thou knowest it not already, that two 
things alone incite men to love more then all things else, 
and those be surpassing beauty, and a good name. And 
both these things are found in Dulcinea in their prime : for 
none can equall her in fairenesse, and few come neere her 

S43 



CHAPTER 
XI 

Which trestes 
of the strange 
adventares 
that hapned 
to the Knight 
of the 
Mancha^ 
in Sierra 
Morena: 
and of the 
penance he 
did there, in 
imitation of 
Beltinebros. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

for a good report. And for a finall conclusion, I imagine, 
that all that which I say, is really so, without adding 
or taking ought away. And I doe imagine her in my fan- 
tasie to lie such, as I could wish her as well in beauty as 
principality : and neither can Helen approch, nor Lucreoe 
come neere her, no, nor any of those other famous women^ 
Greeke, Barbarous, or Latine, of forgoing ages. And let 
every one say what he pleaseth ; for though I should be repre- 
henaed foi this by the ignorant, yet wall I not therefore 
be chastised by the more observant and rigorous sort of men. 
I avouch, quoth Sancho, that you have great reason in all 
that you say, and that I am my selfe a very Asse. But 
alas, why do I name an Asse with my mouth, seeing one 
should not make mention of a Rope in ones house that was 
hanged P But give me the Letter, and farewell, for I will 
change. With that Don-Quixote drew out his Tablets, 
and going a little aside, he began to indite his Letter with 
a great gravity ; and having ended it, called Sancho to him 
and said, that he would reade it to him, to the end he 
might beare it away in memory, lest by chance he did lose 
the Tablets on the way, for such were his crosse fortunes, as 
made him feare every event. To which Sancho answered, 
saying. Write it there twise or thrise in the booke, and 
give me it after ; for I will carry it safely by Grods grace. 
For to thinke that I wil be ever able to take it by rote, is a 
great folly ; for my memory is so short, as I doe many times 
forget mine owne name. But yet for all that, reade it to me, 
good Sir, for I would be glad to heare it, as a thing which 
I suppose to be as excellent, as if it were cast in a mould. 
Heare it then, sayes Don-Quixote, for thus it sayes : 



The Letter of DonrQuixote to Dulcinea ofToboso, 

* Soveraigne Ladie, 

' The wounded by the point of absence, and the hurt by 
^ the Darts of thy heart, sweetest Dulcinea of Toboso, doth 
' send thee that health which he wanteth himselfe. If thy 
^ beauty disdaine me, if thy valour tume not to my benefit 

244 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ if thy disdaine convert themselves to my harme, maugre all CHAPTER 
' my patience, I shall be ill able to sustaine this care, which ^ 

* besides, that it is violent, is also too durable. My ^ood Which treates 
' Squire Sancho will ffive thee certaine relation, O beautifull, of the strange 

* ingrate, and my deerest beloved enemy of the State wherein ^^^ hapned 

^ I remaine for thy sake : if thou please to favour me, I am to the Knight 

* thine ; and if no^ doe what thou likest ; for by ending of of the 

* my life, I shall both satisfie thy cruelty and my desires. Mwicha, 

* Thine untill death, Morena : 

aiid of the 
' The Knight of the ill favoured face."* penance he 

did there^ in 

By my fathers life, quoth Sancho, when hee heard the S^l^^®]?®^ 
Letter, it is the highest thing that ever I heard in my life. ® '**' 

Good Grod, and how well doe you say every thing in it, 
and how excellently have you applyed the subscription of 
the Knight of the ill favoured race! I say againe in 
good earnest, that you are the Divell himselfe, and there ^s 
nothing but you know it. All is necessary, answered Don- 
Quixote, for the office that I professe. Put then (quoth 
Sancho) in the other side of that leafe, the warrant of the 
three Coults, and firme it with a ledgible letter, that they 
may know it at the first sight. I am pleased, said Don- 
Quixote, and so writing it, he read it after to Sancho, and 
it said thus : 

^ You shall please, good Niece, for this first of Colts to 
^ deliver unto my Squire Sancho Panfa, three of the five 
^ that I left at home, and are in your charge : the which 
^ three Colts I commaund to bee delivered to him, for as 
^ many others counted and received here : for with this, and 
^ his acquittance they shall be justly delivered. Given in 
*' the bowels of Sierra Morena, the two and twentieth of 
^ August, of this present yeare.'* 

It goes very well (quoth Sancho) : subsigne it therefore, I 
pray you. It needs no scale (quoth Don-Quixote) but onely 
my Kubricke, which is as valible as if it were subscribed, 
not onely for three Asses, but also for three hundred. My 
trust is in you, answered Sancho, permit mee, for I will goe 
saddle Rozinante, and prepare your selfe to give me your 

245 



CHAPTER 
XI 

Which treates 
of the strange 
adventures 
that hapned 
to the Knight 
of the 
Mancha, 
in Sierra 
Morena : 
and of the 

Senance he 
id there^ in 
imitation of 
Beltinehros. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

blessing, for I purpose presently to depart, before I see any 
madde pranke of yours ; for I will say that I saw you play 
so many, as no more can be desired. I will have thee stay, 
Sancho (and that because it is requisite) at least to see me 
starke naked, playing a douzen or two of raving trickes, for 
I will dispatch them in lesse then halfe an houre ; because 
that thou having viewed them with thine owne eyes, mayest 
safely sweare all the rest that thou pleasest to adde ; and I 
assure thee, that thou canst not tell so many as I meane to 
performe. Let me intreate you, good Sir, that I may not 
see you naked, for it wil tume my stomacke, and I shall 
not De able to keepe my selfe from weeping : and my head 
is yet so sore since yesternight througn my lamentations, 
for the losse of the gray beast, as I am not strong enough 
yet to endure new plaints : but if your pleasure be such, as 
I must necessarily see some follies, doe them in loves name 
in vour clothes briefe^, and such as are most neoessarie : 
Chiefely seeing none of these things were requisite for me ; 
and as I have said, we might excuse time (that shall now be 
lavished in these trifles) to retume speedily with the newes 
you desire and deserve so much. And if not, let the Lady 
Dulcinea provide her selfe well ; for if she answere not 
according to reason, I make a solemne vow to him that I 
may, that He make her disgorge out of her stomake a good 
answere, with very kickes and fists. For how can it be 
suffered, that so famous a Knight Errant as your selfe 
should thus run out of his wits, without, nor for what, for 
one ? Let not the Gentlewoman constraine me to say the 
rest, for I will out with it, and venter all upon twelve, 
although it never were sold. 

In good faith, Sancho (quoth Don-Quixote) I thinke thou 
art growne as madde as my selfe. I am not so mad, 
replied Sancho, but I am more cholerick. But setting that 
aside, say. What will vou eate untill my retume ? Doe you 
meane to doe as Caraenio, and take by the high waies side 
perforce from the Sheepheards? Care thou not for that, 
replied Don-Quixote, for although I had it, yet would I not 
eate any other thing then the hearbes and fruits that this 
field and trees doe yeeld ; for the perfection of mine affaire 

846 



r 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

consists in fasting, and the exercise of other castigations. CHAPTER 
To this Sancho replied, Doe you know what I feare ? That ^ 

I shall not finde the way to you againe heere where I leave Which treates 
you, it is so difficult and obscure. Take well the markes, oj the strange 
and I will endevour to keepe hereabouts, quoth Don- that hwaed 
Quixote, untill thou come backe againe : and will moreover to the Knight 
about the time of thy retume mount to the tops of these of the 
high Rockes, to see whether thou appearest : but thou Mancha, 
shouldest doe best of all, to the end tnou maiest not stay ij *^^ 
and misse me, to cut downehere and there certaine boughes, ^^ of the 
and strow them on the way as thou goest, until thou beest penance he 
out in the Plaines, and those may after serve thee as bounds did there^ in' 
and markes, by which thou mayst againe finde me when thou ^^i^^J^ 
retumest, in imitation of the clew of Theses Labyrinth. 
I wil doe so, quoth Sancho : and then cutting downe 
certaine boughes, he demanded his Lords blessmg, and 
departed not without teares on both sides. And mounting 
upon Kozinante, whom Don-Quixote commended very seri- 
ously to his care, that he should tender him as he would his 
owne person, he made on towards the plaines, strowing here 
and there on the way his branches, as his Master had advised 
him ; and with that departed, although his Lord importuned 
him to behold two or three follies ere he went away. But 
scarce had he gone a hundred paces, when he returned and 
said, I say, Sir, that you said wel, that to the end I might 
swearc with a safe conscience that I have scene you play these 
madde trickes, it were necessary that at least I sec you doe 
one, although that of your abode here is one great enough. 
Did not I tell thee so ? quoth Don-Quixote. Stay, Sancho, 
for I will doe it in the space of a Creede ; and taking ofi* with 
all hast his hose, he remained the half of him naked, and did 
instantly give two or three jerkes in the aire, and two tumbles 
over and over on the ground, with his head downeward, and 
his legges aloft, where hee discovered such things, as Sancho, 
because he would not see them againe, turned the bridle, and 
rode away, resting contented and satisfied, that he might 
sweare that his Lord was mad. And so we will leave 
him travelling on his way, untill his retume, 
which was very soone after. 

247 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["«. 




CHAPTER XII 

Wherein are prosecuted the pranckes played by 

pon-Quixote in his amorous humors in the 

mountains of Sierra Morena. 

ND turning to recount what The Knight of 
the ill favoured face did when he was all 
alone, the History saves that after Don- 
Quixote had ended his friskes and leapes, 
naked from the gyrdle downward, and 
from that upward apparrelled ; seeing that 
his Squire Sancho was gone, and would 
behold no more of his madde pnmkes ; hee 
ascended to the toppe of a high rocke, and began there to 
thinke oa that whereon he had thought oftentimes before, 
without ever making a full resolution tnerein, to wit, whether 
were it better to imitate Orlando in his unmeasurable furies, 
then Amadis in his melancholy moods: and speaking to 
himselfe, would say ; If Orlando was so valorous and good 
a Knight, as men say ; what wonder, seeing in fine he was 
inchanted and could not be slaine, if it were not by a denier 
pinne, thrust in at the sole of his foote ; and therefore did 
weare shooes still, that had seven foulds of Iron in the 
soles P although these his draughts stood him in no steede 
at Roncesvales against Bernardo del Carpio, which under- 
standing them, pressed him to death betweene his armes. 
But leaving his valour apart, let us come to the losing of 
his wits ; which it is certaine he lost through the signes hee 
found in the Forrest, and by the newes that the Sheepe-beard 
gave unto him, that Angelica had slept more tnen two 
noonetydes with the little Moore Medoro of the curled 
lockes, him that wu Page to King Agramante: and if he 
understood this, and knew his Lady had played beside the 
cushion, what wonder was it that hee should runne madde ? 



ui] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

But how can I imitate him in his furies, if I cannot imitate CHAPTER 
him in their occasion ? for I dare sweare for my Dulcinea of ^^ 
Toboso, that all the dayes of her life she hath not scene one Wherein are 
Moore, even in his owne attire as he is, and she is now right P'o*®^^***®^ 
as her mother bore her : and I should doe her a manifest pif J^^y 
wrong, if upon any false suspition, I should tume madde, Don-Quixote 
of that kinde of folly that did distract furious Orlando, in his 
On the other side, I see that Amadis du Gaule, without wnoro'w . 
loosing his wits, or using any other raving tricke, gained ^^J^jJ!' 
as great fame of being amorous as any one else whatsoever, tuns of 
For that which his Historic recites, was none other, then Sierra 
that seeing himselfe disdained by his Lady Oriana, who had Morena. 
commaunded him to withdraw himselfe from her presence, 
and not appeare againe in it, untill she pleased : he retired 
himselfe in the company of a certaine Hermit to the poore 
rocke, and there crammed himselfe with weeping, untill that 
heaven assisted him in the midst of his greatest cares and 
necessitie. And this being true, as it is, why should I take 
now the paines to strip my selfe all naked, and offend these 
trees, which never yet did me any harme ? Nor have I any 
reason to trouble the cleer waters of these brooks, which 
must give me drinke when I am thirsty. Let the remem- 
brance of Amadis live, and be imitated in every thing as 
much as may be by Don-Quixote of the Mancha : of whom 
may be said, what was said of the other, that though he 
atchieved not great things, yet did he die in their pursuit. 
And though I am not contemned or disdained by my Dul- 
cinea, yet it is sufficient as I have said already, that I be 
absent from her: therefore hands, to your taske, and ye 
famous actions of Amadis, occurre to my remembrance, and 
instruct me where I may best b^in to imitate you. Yet I 
know already that the greatest thing he did use was prayer, 
and so will L And saying so, he made him a paire of 
Beades of great Gaules, and was very much vexed in minde 
for want of an Eremite, who might heare his confession, and 
comfort him in his afflictions : and therefore did entertaine 
himselfe walking up and down the little greene field, writing 
and graving in the rindes of trees, and on the smooth sandes 
many verses, all accommodated to his sadnesse, and some of 
II 849 



CHAPTER 
XII 

Wherein are 
prosecuted 
the pranckes 
pdayed by 
Don-Quixote 
in his 
amorous 
humors^ in 
the moun- 
tains of 
Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["k 

them in the praise of Dulcinea. But those that were found 
thorowly finished, and were ledgible after his owne finding 
againe in that place, were oneiy these ensuing. 

O ye plants^ ye hearbes^ and ye Trees, 

That flourish in this pleasant site ; 

In lofty and verdant degrees. 

If my harmes doe you not delight, 

Heare my holy plimts, which are theese. 
And let not my gnefe you molest. 

Though it ever so feelingly went. 

Since here for to pay your rest, 

Don-Quixote his teares hath addrest. 

Dulcinea's want to lament 

OfToboso. 

In this very place was first spied 

The loytJlest lover and true. 

Who himselfe from his Lady did hyde. 

But vet felt his sorrowes anew. 

Not knowing whence they might proceede. 
Love doth him cruelly wrest 

With a passion of evill discent ; 

Which rob'd Don-Quixote of rest. 

Till a pipe with teares was full prest, 

Dulcinea's want to lament 

Of Toboso. 

He searching adventures blinde. 

Among these deame woods, and rockes. 

Still curseth on pittilesse mind : 

For a wretch amidst bushie lockes. 

And craffges, may misfortunes finde. 
Love with lus whip wounded his brest. 

And not with soft bands him pent. 

And when he his noddle had prest, 

Don-Quixote his teares did forth wrest, 

Dulcinea's want to lament 

OfToboso. 

The addition of Toboso to the name of Dulcinea, did not 
cause small laughter in those which found the verses recited, 
because they ima^ned that Don-Quixote conceived, that if 
in the nammg of Dulcinea he did not also adde that Of 
Toboso, the nme could not be understood ; and in truth it 
was so, as he himselfe did afterward confesse. He composed 
260 '^ 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

many others, but as we have related, none could be well CHAPTER 
copied or found intire, but these three Stanza^s. In this, XII 
and in sighing, and invoking the Faunes and Silvanes of Wherein are 
these woods, and the Nymphes of the adjoyning streams, prosecuted 
with the dolorous and hollow Eccho, that it would answere, pigye^v ^ 
and they consort and listen unto him ; and in the search of Don-Quuote 
some hearbes to sustaine his languishing forces ; he inter- in his 
tained himselfe al the time of Sancho his absence : who, amorous 
had he staied three weekes away, as he did but three dayes, ^"°"' ^ 
The Knight of the ill favoured face should have remained tains of 
so disfigured, as the very mother that bore him would not Sierra 
have knowne him. Morena. 

But now it is congruent, that leaving him swallowed in 
the gulphes of sorrow and versifying, we tume and recount 
what hapned to Sancho Panca in his Embassage; which 
was, that issuing out to the nigh way, he presently tooke 
that, which ledde towards Toboso, and arrived the next day 
following to the Inne, where the disgrace of the Coverlet 
befell him : and scarce had he well espied it, but presently 
he imagined that he was once againe nying in the ayre, and 
therefore would not enter into it, although his arrival! was 
at such an houre, as he both might and ought to have 
stayed, being dinner time, and he himselfe likewise possest 
with a marvellous longing to taste some warme meate ; for 
many dayes past hee had fedde altogether on cold viands. 
This desire inforced him to approch to the Inne, remaining 
still doubtfuU notwithstanding whether he should enter 
into it or no. And as hee stood thus suspended, there 
issued out of the Inne two persons, which presently knew 
him, and the one said to the other. Tell me. Master Licen- 
ciat, is not that horseman that rides there Sancho Pan^a, 
him whom our adventurers olde woman said departed with 
her Master for his Squire ? It is, quoth the Licenciat, and 
that is our Don-Quixote his horse : and they knew him thus 
well, as those that were the Curate and Barber of his own 
village; and were those that made the search and formall 
processe against the bookes of Chivalry : and therefore as 
soone as they had taken full notice of Sancho Pan^a and 
Rozinante, desirous to learne newes of Don-Quixote, they 

251 



CHAPTER 
XII 

Wherein are 
prosecuted 
the pranckes 
j^yed by 
Don-Quixote 
in his 
amorous 
humors, in 
the moun- 
tains of 
Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 

drew neere unto him, and the Curate called him hj his 
name, saying. Friend Sancho Panfa, where is your Master? 
Sancho raxK^a. knew them instantly, and desirous to con- 
ceale the place and manner wherein his Lord remained, did 
answere them that his Master was in a certaine place with- 
held by affaires for a few dales, that were of great conse- 
quence and concerned him very much, and that hee durst 
not for both his eyes discover the place to them. No, no 
(ouoth the Barber). Sancho Panfa, if thou dost not tell us 
where hee sojoumeth, we must imagine as we doe already, 
that thou hast rob''d and slaine him, specially seeing thou 
commest thus on his horse; and therefore thou must in 
good faith get us the horses Owner, or else stand to thine 
answere. Your threats feare mee nothing, quoth Sancho, 
for I am not a man that robs or murthers any one ; every 
man is slaine by his destinie, or by Grod that made him. 
My Lord remames doing of penance in the midst of this 
mountaine, with very great pleasure. And then he pre- 
sently recounted unto them, from the beginning to the end, 
the fashion wherein he had left him, the adventures which 
had befalne, and how he carried a Letter to the Lady Dul- 
cinea of Toboso, who was Lorenzo Corchuelo his daughter, 
of whom his Lord was enamoured up to the livers. 

Both of them stood greatly €ulmired at Sancho'^s relation, 
and although they knew Don-Quixotes madnesse already, 
and the kinde thereof, yet as often as they heard speake 
thereof, they rested newly amazed. They requested Sancho 
to shew them the letter that he carried to the Lady Dul- 
cinea of Toboso. He told them that it was written in 
Tablets, and that he had expresse order from his Lord to 
have it fairely copied out in paper, at the first village where- 
unto he should arrive. To which the Curate answered, 
bidding shew it unto him, and he would write out the copie 
very fairely. Then Sancho thrust his hand into his bosome, 
and seardied the little booke, but could not finde it, nor 
should not though he had searched till Doomes day, for it 
was in Don-Quixotes power, who gave it not to him, nor did 
he ever remember to demaund it. When Sancho perceived 

that the booke was lost, his visage waxed as pale and wanne 
262 -or 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

as a dead man, and turning againe very speedily to feele all CHAPTER 
the parts of his body, he saw cleerely that it could not be XII 
found ; and therefore without making any more adoe, he laid Wherein are 
holde on his owne beard with both his fistes, and drew almost P«>8ecuted 
the one halfe of the haire away, and afterward bestowed on pj^J^^y ^ 
his face and nose in a memento halfe a doozen such cufFes, as Don-Quixote 
he bathed them all in bloud ; which the Curate and Barber in his 
beholding, they asked of him, what had befalne him, that wnorous 
he intreated himselfe so iU ? What should befall me, an- ^^"jn.'' 
swered Sancho, but that I have lost at one hand, and in an ^gj^g ^f 
instant three Colts, whereof the least was like a Castle? Sierra 
How so? quoth the Barber. Marry, said Sancho, I have Morena. 
lost the Tablets wherin were written Dulcineas Letter, and 
a schedule of my Lords, addrest to his Niece, wherein he 
commaunded her to deliver unto mee three Colts, of foure 
or five that remained in his house. And sapng so, hee 
recounted the losse of his gray Asse : The Curate comforted 
him, and said, that as soone as his Lord were found, he 
would deale with him to renew his grant, and write it in 
paper, according to the common use and practise; for as 
much as those which were written in Tablets, were invalid, 
and would never be accepted, nor accomplished. With 
this Sancho tooke courage, and said, If that was so, he 
cared not much for the losse of Dulcineas Letter ; for he 
knew it almost all by rote. Say it then, Sancho, quoth the 
Barber, and we will after write it. Then Sancho stood still, 
and began to scratch his head, to call the letter to memory, and 
now would he stand upon one legge, and now upon another. 
Sometimes he looked on the earth, others whiles upon heaven, 
and after he had gnawen off almost the halfe oi one of his 
nailes, and held them all the while suspended, expecting his 
recitall thereof, he said after a long pawse: On my soule, 
Master Licenciat, I give to the Devill any thing that I can 
remember of that Letter, although the beginning was thus : 
*High and unsavorie Ladie.' I warrant you, quoth the 
Barber, he said not, but 'Super-humane' or 'Soveraigne 
Ladie.'* It is so, quoth Sancho ; and presently followed, if I 
well remember. ' He that is woundea and wants sleepe, and 
the hurt man doth kisse your worships hands, ingrate and 

258 



CHAPTER 
XII 

^Vlierein are 
prosecuted 
the pranckes 
played by 
bon-Quizote 
in his 
amorous 
humors^ in 
the moun- 
tains of 
Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [i^ 

very scomefull faire/ And thus he went roving untill he 
ended in ' Yours untill death, the Knight of the ill favoured 
face/ Both of them tooke great delight to see Sanchos good 
memory, and praysed it to him very much, and requested 
him to repeat the Letter once or twice more to them, that 
they might also beare it in memorie, to write it at the due 
season. Sancho turned to recite it againe and againe, and 
at every repetition scdd other three thousand errours. And 
after this he told other things of his Lord, but spoke not a 
word of his owne tossing in a Coverlet, which had befidne 
him in that Inne, into which he refused to enter. He 
added besides, how his Lord, in bringing him a good dis- 
patch from his Ladie Dulcinea of Toboso, would forthwith 
set out to endevour how he might become an Emperour, or 
at the least a Monarch ; for tney had so agreed betweene 
themselves both : and it was a very easie matter for him to 
become one, such was the valour of his person and strength 
of his arme. And that when hee were one, he would procure 
him a good marriage; for by that time he should be a 
widdower at the least. And ne would give him one of the 
Emperours Ladies to wife, that were an Inheretrix of some 
great and rich state on the firme land, for now he would 
have no more Islands. And all this was related so seriously 
by Sancho, and so in his perfect sence, he scratching his 
nose ever and anon as hee spoke ; so as the two were 
strucken into a new amazement, pondering the vehemende 
of Don-Quixotes frensie, which carried quite away with it 
in that sort the judgement of that poore man, but would 
not labour to dispossesse him of that errour, because it 
seemed to them, that since it did not hurt his conscience, it 
was better to leave him in it, that the recital of his follies 
might tume to their greater recreation : and therefore 
exhorted him to pray for the health of his Lord; for it 
was a very possible and contingent thing to arrive in the 
discourse of time to the dignity of an Emperour, as he 
said, or at least, to that of an Archbishop, or other calling 
equivalent to it. 

Then Sancho demanded of them. Sirs, if fortune should 
tume our affaires to another course, in such sort, as my Lord 

264 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

abandoning the purpose to purchase an Empire, would take CHAPTER 
in his head that of becomming a Cardinal!, I would faine ^^ 
learne of you heere, what Cardinall Errants are wont to Wherein are 
give to their Squires ? They are wont to give them (quoth prow^uted 
the Curate) some simple Benefice, or some Parsonage, or to pif J^by ^ 
make them Clerkes, or Sextons, or Vergers of some Church, Don-Quixote 
whose living amounts to a good penny rent, beside the profite in his 
of the Altar, which is oft-times as much more. For that it amorous ^ 
is requisite (quoth Sancho) that the Squire be not married, ^hem^un" 
and that he know how to helpe Masse at least : and if that tains of 
be so, unfortunate I, that both am married, and knowes not Sierra 
besides the first letter of the ABC. What will then become Morena. 
of me, if my Master take the humour to be an Archbishop, 
and not an Emperour, as is the custome and use of Knights 
Errant ? Doe not afflict thy minde for that, friend Sancho 
(quoth the Barber) for we will deale with thy Lord heere, 
and we will counscdle him, yea we will urge it to him as a 
matter of conscience, that he become an Emperour, and not 
an Archbishop ; for it will be more easie for him to be such 
a one, by reason that he is more valorous then learned. 

So me thinkes (quoth Sancho) although I know he hath 
ability enough for Idl. That which I meane to doe for my 
part, is, I will pray unto our Lord to conduct him to that 
place, wherein he may serve him best, and give me greatest 
rewardes. Thou speakest like a discreet man (quoth the 
Curate) and thou shalt doe therein the dutie of a good 
Christian. But that which we must endevour now, is to 
devise how we may winne thy Lord firom prosecuting that 
unprofitable penance hee hath in hand, as thou sayest : And 
to the end we may thinke on the manner how, and eate our 
dinner withall, seeing it is time, let us all enter into the 
Inne. Sancho bad them go in, and he would stay for them 
at the doore, and that he would after tell them the reason 
why he had no minde to enter, neither was it in any sort 
convenient that he should : but he intreated them to bring 
him somewhat forth to eate, that were warme, and some 

1)rovand for Rozinante. With that they departed into the 
odging, and within a while after the Barber brought forth 
unto him some meate: and the Curate and Barber, after 

USB 



CHAPTER 
XII 

Wherein are 
prosecuted 
the pranckes 
played by 
Don-Quixote 
in his 
amorous 
humors^ in 
the moun- 
tains of 
Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

having pondered well with themselves what course they were 
to take to attaine their designe ; the Curate fel on a device 
very fit both for Don-Quixotes humour, and also to bring their 
purpose to passe ; and was as he tolde the Barber, that he 
had bethought him, to apparrell himselfe like a Lady Ad- 
venturous, and that he therefore should doe the best that 
hee could to fit himselfe like a Squire, and that they would 
go in that habit to the place where Don-Quixote sojourned, 
fayning that she was an afflicted and distressed Damzell, 
and would demaund a boone of him, which he as a valorous 
Knight Errant would in no wise denie her; and that the 
ift which he meaned to desire, was to intreat him to follow 
er where she would carry him, to right a wrong which a 
naughtie Knight had done unto her : and that she would 
besides pray him not to commaund her to unmaske her selfe, 
or inquire any thing of her estate, untill he had done her 
right, against that badde Knight. And by this meanes 
he certainely hoped, that Don-Quixote would graunt all 
that he requestea in this manner. And in this sort they 
would fetch him from thence, and bring him to his village, 
where they would labour with al their power, to 
see whether his extravagant frensie could be 
recovered by any remedy. 



he 



S56 




in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER XIII 

How the Curate and the Barber put their designe 

in practise, with many other things, worthy to 

be recorded in tliis famous Historie. 

HE Curates inrentioii disliked not the 
Barber, but rather pleased him so well, 
as they presently put it in execution. 
I'hey borroved therfore of the In- 
keepers wife a Gowne and a Kerchife, 
kaving her in pawne thereof a faire new 
Cassocke of the Curates. The Barber 
made him a great beard of a pyed Ozes 
tayle, wherein the Inkeeper was wont to hang nis Horse- 
combe. The Hostesse demanded of them the occasion why 
they would use these things? The Curate recounted in 
briefe reasons of Don-Qmxotes madnesse, and how that 
disguisement was requisite, to bring him away from the 
Mountaine, wherein at that present he made his abode. 
Presently the Inkeeper and his wife remembred them- 
selves how he had beene their guest, and of his Balsamum, 
and was the tossed Squires Lord ; and then they rehearsed 
againe to the Curate all that had passed betweene him and 
them in that Inne, without omitting the accident that had 
befalne Sancho himselfe; and in conclusion the Hostesse 
tricked up the Curate so handsomely, as there could be no 
more desired : for shee attired him in a gowne of broad- 
cloth, liud over with guardes of blacke Velvet, every one 
being of a span breadth, full of gashes and cuts : the I>odies 
and sleeves of greene Velvet, welted with white Sattin : which 
gowne and doublet, as I suspect, were both made in the 
time of King Bamba. The Curate would not permit them 
to vaile ana bekerchife him, but set on his head a white- 
quiHed'linnen-night-cap ; which he carried for the night, 
KK 2CT 



CHAPTER 

xm 

How the 
Curate and 
the Barber 

5 ut their 
esigne in 
practise^ with 
many otiier 
thinffs^ 
worthy to be 
recoraed in 
this £unou8 
Historie. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

and girded his fore-head with a blacke Tafiata garter, and 
with the other he masked his face, wherewithal! ne covered 
his beard and visage very neatly. Then did he incaske his 
pate in his hat, which was so broad, as it might serve him 
excellently for a Quitasoll ; and lapping himselfe up hand- 
somly in his long cloke, he went to horse, and rode as 
women use. Then mounted the Barber likewise on his 
Mule, with his beard hanging downe to the gyrdle, halfe red 
and halfe white, as that which as wee have said was made of 
the taile of a pyed coloured Oxe : then taking leave of them 
all, and of the good M aritomes, who promised (although a 
sinner) to say a Rosary to their intention, to the end that 
Grod might give them good successe, in so Christian and 
difficult an adventure, as that which they undertooke. Bat 
scarce were they gone out of the Inne, when the Curate 
began to dread a Uttle that he had done ill, in apparrelling 
himselfe in that wise, accounting it a very indecent thing 
that a Priest should dight himselfe so, although the matter 
concerned him never so much. And acquainting the Barber 
with his surmise he intreated him that they might change 
attires, seeing it was much more just that he, because a 
lay-man, should faine the oppressed Ladie, and himselfe 
would become his Squire, for so his dignity would be lesse 
prophaned : to which if he would not condiscend, he re- 
solved to passe on no farther, although the Divell should 
carie therefore Don-Quixote away. Sancho came over to 
them about this season ; and seeing of them in that habit, 
he coidd not containe his laughter. The Barber (to bee 
briefe) did all that which the Curate pleased, and making 
thus an exchange of inventions, the Curate instructed him 
how he should behave himselfe; and what wordes he 
should use to Don-Quixote, to presse and move him to 
come away with him, and forsake the propension and 
love to that place, which he had chosen to performe his 
vaine penance. The Barber answered, that he would set 
every thing in his due point and perfection, though he 
had never lessoned him; but would not set on the array, 
until they came neere to the place where Don-Quixote 
abode, and therefore folded up his clothes, and Master 
258 



"I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Parson his beard, and forthwith went on their way, CHAPTER 
Sancho Panfa playing the guide; who recounted at large ^1^ 
to them all that had hapned with the mad-man, whom How the 
they found in the M ountaine ; concealing notwithstanding ^ur^ uid 
the booty of the Malet, with the other things fou^ StSS^ 
therein : for although otherwise most simple, yet was our deslgne in 
yong man an ordinary vice of fooles, ana haa a spice of practise, with 
covetousnesse. many other 

They arrived the next day following to the place where ^^"JIS'' ^^ t^ 
Sancho had left the tokens of boughes, to finde tnat wherein ^^rJ^ in 
his Master sojourned : and having taken notice thereof, he this iamout 
said unto them, that that was the entry, and therefore tiiey Historie. 
might doe well to apparrell themselves, if by change that 
might be a meane to procure his Lords libertie; for they 
had told him already, that on their going and apparreUing 
in that manner, consisted wholly the hope of freeing his 
Lord, out of that wretched life he had chosen ; and there- 
fore did charge him on his life, not to reveale to his Lord 
in any case what they were, nor seeme in any sort to know 
them: and that if ne demaunded (as they were sure he 
would) whether he had delivered his letter to Dulcinea, 
he should say that he did, and that by reason she could 
not read, she answered him by word of mouth, sajring, 
that she commanded under paine of her indignation, that 
presently abandoning so austere a life, he would come and 
see her ; for this was most requisite, to the end that moved 
therewithall, and by what they meant likewise to say unto 
him, they made certaine account to reduce him to a better 
life, ana would besides perswade him to that course in- 
stantly, which might set him in the way how to become 
an Emperor or Monark ; for as concerning the being an 
Archbishop, hee needed not to feare it at all. Sancho 
listened to all the talke and instructions, and bore them 
away well in memory, and gave them great thankes for 
the intention they had to counsell his Lord to become 
an Emperour, and not an Archbishop : for as he said, he 
imagined in his simple judgement, that Emperours were 
of more ability to reward their Squires then Archbishops 
Errant He likewise added that he thought it were neces- 

259 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [.u^ 

CHAPTER sary hee went Bomewhat before them to search him, aod 
XIII deuver his Ladies answere : for perhaps it alone would be 
How the sufficient to fetch him out of that place, without putting 

S"^J£* them to any further paines. They Eked of Sancho Paocas 
putthdr device, and therefore determined to expect him, untill his 
deaigne in retume with the newes of finding his Master. With that 
practi«e, with Sancho entred in by the clifts of the rockes (leaving them 
mur other both behinde together) by which ran a little smooth streame, 
w^Siv to be *** "hich other Bockes and some trees that grew neere unto 
recorMd in it, made a fresh and pleasing shaddow. The heates, and the 
tUi &moui day wherein they arrived there, was one of those of the 
Historie. moneth of August, when is those places the heate is is- 

tollerable : the houre, about three in the aftemoone. All 
which did render the place more gratefull, and invited them 
to remaine therein untill Sancho's retume. Both therefore 
arresting there quietly under the shadow, there arrived to 
their hearing the sound of a voyce, which without being 
accompanied by any instrument, did resound eo sweet aaa 
melodiously, as they remained greatly admired, because 
they esteemed not that to be a place wherein any so good a 
Musitian might make his abode. For although it is usuaUj 
said, that in the woods and fields are found Shepheards of 
excellent voyces, yet is this rather a Poeticall inaeerement, 
then an approved truth ; and most of all, when they per- 
ceived that the verses they heard him singing were not 
of rusticke composition, but rather of delicate and Courtly 
invention. The truth whereof is confirmed by the veiset, 
which were these : 

Who doth my Weale '*)™i''i»i' thus and staiDs? 

Disdains. 
And BBf by whom, my woea augmented be? 

By lealourie. 
And who my patience dotb by triHil wrong? 

An absence long. 
If that be so, then for my grievona wrong. 
No remedie at alll may obtune. 
Since my beat hopes I cruelly finde sluno 
By rKadaine, lealousie, and Absence long. 
Who in my minde, those dolon stiU doth move ? 
Dire Lore. 



f- 



\ 



Ill] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

And who my glories ebbe^ doth most importune ? CHAPTER 

Fortune. XIII 

And to my plaints^ by whom increase is given ? H^^ ^^ 

By heaven. Curate and 

If that be so^ then my mistrust jumps even^ ^^ Barber 

That of my wondrous evilly I needes must die : ..^^ their 

Since in my harme joyn'd and united be, desiirne in 

Love, wavering Fortune, and a rif'rous Heaven. orartiBe with 

Who, better hap can unto me bequeatn } manv o^nr 

Death. S^ 

From whom his favors doth not love estrange } woray to be 

From change. recorded in 

And his too serious harmes^ who cureth wholier ^1^1^ jbmous 

Tr*u*w •*• -:^ * FoUie. Historic. 

If that be so, it IS no wisdome truely. 

To tiiinke by humane meanes to cure that care. 

Where th' only Antidotes, and med'cines are. 

Desired death, light chiuige, and endlesse foUy. 

The houre, the time, the solitarines of the place, voice, and 
art of him that sung, strucke wonder and delight in the 
hearers mindes, which remained still quiet, listning whether 
they might heare any thing else: but perceiving that the 
silence continued a pretie while, they agreed to issue and 
seeke out the Musician, that sung so harmoniously. And 
being ready to put their resolution in practice, they were 
againe arrested by the same voyce ; the which touched their 
eares anew with this Sonnet. 



A Sonnet 

Hody Amitie ! which with nimble wings 
Thy semblance leaving heere on earth behinde, 

Amonff the blesBod soules of heaven^ up-flings. 
To Siose Imperiall roomes to cheere thy mind. 

And thence to us, is when thou lik'st assign'd 
lust peace, whom shadie vaile so cover'd brings : 
As oft in stead of her, deceit wee find 
Clad in the Weeds of food and vertuous things. 

Leave heav'n, O Amitie I doe not permit 
Foule Fraud thus openly thy Robes t' invest ; 
With which sincere intents destroy do's it : 
For if thy likenesse from 't thou dost not wrest. 

The world will tume to the first conflict soone. 
Of discord. Chaos and confusion. 

S61 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [u 

^ r CHAPTER The Song was concluded with a profound sigh ; and bo 

'.^ I XIII the others lent attentive eare to heare if hee would sine m 

.' , How the more ; but perceyving that the musicke was conrertea in 

1? \ vh"^^^ throbs and dolefull plajnts, they resolved to goe and lean 

'i '' " yjgjj, ' who was the wretch, as excellent for his voyce, as doloro 

* _ ' ilesigne in i° ^^^ sighes : and after they had gone a little at the doublii 

< I practise, with of the point of a cragge, they perceived one of the re 

> ' mauy other same forme and fashion that Sanctio had painted unto tbei 

■ ' wor^y to be "''™ ^^ ***'** ^''^™ ^^ Historie of Cardenio : which nu 

- recorded in ^^^ing them likewise, shewed no semblance of feare, b< 

■] this famouB Stood stil with his head hanging on his brest like a mal< 

Historie. content, not once lifting up his eyes to behold them fro; 

the first time, when they unexpectedly arrived. 

Tlie Curate, who was a man very well spoken (as oi 

^ that had alreadie intelligence of his misfortune, for bt 

knew him by his signes) drew neerer to him, and praye 

' ' and perswaded him with short, but very forcible reason 

I to forsake that miserable life, lest he should there eternal] 

lose it, which of all miseries would prove the most misei 

able. Cardenio at this season was in his right sense, fit 

-, ■ from the furious accident, that distracted mm so often 

\ _ and therefore viewing them both attyred in so strange an 

' , imusuall a fashion from that which was used among thoc 

I , desarts, he rested somewhat admired ; but chiefly heoriii 

them speake in his affaire, as in a matter knowne (for s 

. I much hee gathered out of the Curates speeches) and then 

; / fore answered in this manner : I perceyve well, good Sir 

' (whosoever you be) that heaven which hath alwayes care t 

i succour good men, yea even and the wicked many timei 

hath without any desert addrest unto me by these desail 
and places so remote &om vulgar haunt, persons, whici 



laying before mine eyes with ciuicke and pregnant reason 
the little I have to lead this kinde of lite, doe labour fc 
remove me from this place to a better : and by reason the' 
know not as much as I doe, and that after escaping thi 
harme, I shall fall into a farre greater, they account mi 



L/1 



perhaps for a man of weake discourse : and what is worse 
for one wholly devoid of judgement. And were it so, ye 
no marvell ; for it seemes to mee that the force of thi 



"0 HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

imagination of my disasters is so bent and powerfull in my CHAPTEI 
destruction, that I, without being able to make it any XIII 
resistance, do become like a stone, void of all good feeling How the 
and knowledge : and I come to know the certamty of this ^"J^ ^^ 
truth, when some men doe recount and shew unto me JftS" 
tokens of the things I have done, whilst this terrible acci- designe in 
dent over-rules mee : and after I can doe no more, then practise^ wi 
be grieved though in vayne, and curse without benefit, >n^y other 
my too froward fortune ; and render as an excuse of my *^' *^ t 
madnesse, the relation of the cause thereof, to €ls many as record in 
please to heare it : for wisemen perceyving the cause, will this famous 
not wonder at the effects. And though tney give me no Historic, 
remedie, yet at least wil not condemne me, for it will con- 
vert the anger they conceive at my misrules, into com- 
passion of my disgraces. And, Sirs, if by chance it be so, 
that you come with the same intention that others did, 
I request you, ere you inlarge farther your discreet per- 
swasions, that you will give eare a while to the relation of 
my mishaps : for perhaps when you have understood it, you 
ina\ save the labour that you would take, consorting an 
evill wholly incapable of consolation. 

Both of them, which desired nothing so much then to 
understand from his owne mouth, the occasion of his harmes, 
did intreat him to relate it, promising to do nothing else in 
his remedie or comfort, but what himselfe pleased. And 
with this the sorrowfuU Grentleman began his dolefuU His- 
toric, with the very same wordes almost that he had rehearsed 
it to Don-Quixote and the Goatheard a few dayes past, 
when by occasion of Master Elisabat and Don -Quixotes 
curiositie in observing the Decorum of Chivalry, the tale 
remained imperfect, as our History left it above. But now 
good fortune so disposed things, that his foolish fit came 
not upon him, but gave him leisure to continue his storie to 
the end; and so arriving 'to the passage that spoke of the 
Letter Don Ferdinando found in the book of Amadis du 
Gaule^ Cardenio said that he had it very well in memorie ; 
and the sense was this : 



26S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 



Luscinda to Cardenio, 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

How the 

Curate and < I discover daily in thee worthes, that oblige and inforoe 

*he ^}^^ * mee to hold thee deere : and therefore if thou desirest to 
S^^Tin * ^*^® ™® discharge this debt, without serving a writ on 
practise, with ^ ™y honour, thou mayest easily doe it. I have a father 
many other ' tHat knowes thee, and loves me likewise well ; who without 
tl"D«, ' forcing my will, will accomplish that which justly thou 

rM^^edin * oughtest to have : if it be so, that thou esteemest mee as 
this famous * much as thou sayest, and I doe beleeve/ 
Historie. 

This Letter moved mee to demand Luscinda of her father 
for my wife, as I have already recounted ; and by it also 
Luscinda remained in Don Ferdinando^s opinion crowned, 
for one of the most discreet women of her time. And this 
billet Letter was that which first put him in mind to destroy 
me, e^re I could effect my desires. I tolde to Don Ferdi- 
nando wherein consisted all the di£Bcultie of her fathers 
protracting of the marriage, to wit, in that my father should 
first demand her ; the which I dared not to mention unto 
him, fearing lest he would not willingly consent thereunto ; 
not for that the qualitie, bountie, vertue, and beautie of 
Luscinda were to him unknowne, or that she had not 

fiarts in her able to ennoblish and adome any other 
in«^ of Spaine whatsoever: but because I understood 
by him, that he desired not to marrie me, untill he had 
scene what Duke Ricardo would doe for me. Fmally, 
I tolde him that I dared not reveale it to my father, 
^K)ne,whofor as well for that inconvenience, as for many others that 
the rape of niade mee so affiraid, without knowing what they were, 
^"*^*^tted*'' ®* ™® thought my desires would never take effect. To 
byRodericke ^ ^^^® ^^^ Ferdmando made me answer, that he would 
lUngof take upon him to speake to my father, and perswade 

Spaine^ him to treat of that affaire also with Luscindas. O ambi- 

^,ght in tioug Marius. O cruell Cataline. O facinorous Quila. O 
and d^^royed treacherous Galalon. O trayterous Vellido. O revengefiiU 
all the *Iulian. O covetous ludas. Traytor, cruell, revengefully 

Countrey. and couzening, what indeserts did this wretch commit, who 

864 



lu] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

with such plaines discovered to thee the secrets and delights CHAPTER 
of his heart ? What offence committed I against thee ? ^^^^ 
What words did I speake, or counsel did I give, that were How the 
not all addrest to the increasing of thine honour and profite ? Sj"^^_^ 
But on what doe I of all wretches the worst complaine, p^t their 
seeing that when the current of the starres doth bring with designe in 
it mishaps, by reason they come downe precipitately from practise^ with 
above, there is no earthly force can with-hold, or humane J??'^^^ ®*^®'' 
industry prevent or evacuat them ? Who would have ima- ^JJ5S^ ^ be 
gined that Don Fernando, a noble Grentleman, discreet, recordecL in 
obliged by my deserts, and powerful to obtaine whatsoever this famous 
the amorous desire would exact of him, where and when- Historie. 
soever it seazed on his heart, would (as they say) become so 
corrupt, as to deprive me of one onely sheepe, which yet I did 
not possesse ? But let these considerations be laide apart as 
unprofitable, that we may knit up againe the broken threede 
of my unfortunate History. And therefore I say, that Don 
Ferdinando beleeving, that my presence was a hinderance 
to put his treacherous and wicked designe in execution, he 
resolved to send mee to his eldest brother, under pretext to 

fet some money of him, for to buy sixe great horses, that 
e had of purpose, and onely to the end I might absent my 
selfe, bought the very same day that he offered to speake 
himselfe to my father, and would have me goe for the money 
(because he might bring his treacherous intent the better 
to passe) could I prevent this treason P Or could I perhaps 
but once imagine it ? No truly ; but rather glad for tne 
good merchandize hee had made, did make proffer of my 
selfe to depart for the money very willingly. I spoke that 
night to Luscinda, and acquainted her with the agreement 
past betweene mee and Don Ferdinando, bidding her to hope 
iirmely, that our good just desires would sort a wished and 
happie end. She answered me againe (as little suspecting 
Don Ferdinandos treason as my selfe) bidding me to retume 
with all speed, because she beleeved that the conclusion of 
our affections should be no longer deferred, then my father 
deferred to speake unto hers. And what was the cause I 
know not, but as soone as she had said this unto me, her 
eyes were filled with teares, and somewhat thwarting her 
LL 966 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER throat, hindred her from sayins many other things, which 

^^ me thought shee strived to speake. 
How the I rested admired at this new accident untill that time 

UielBarber ^^^^^ seene in her ; for alwaies as many times as my good 
put their fortune and diligence ^raunted it, wee conversed with all 
dengne in sport and delight, without ever intermedling in our di»- 
practise, with courses, any teares, sighes, complaints, suspitions, dr feares. 
many other j^ ^^ speech was to advance my fortune ; for having re- 
womiy to be ^Y^^^ ^^^ ^^iii heaven as my Ladie and M istresse, then 
recorded in would I amplifie her beautie, admire her worth, and prayse 
this famous her discretion. She on the other side would retume mee 
H^^torie. |.jjg exchange, extolling in mee, what shee as one enamoured 

accounted worthy of laude and commendation. After this 
we would recount a hundred thousand toyes and chances 
befalne our neighbours and acquaintance, and that to which 
my presumption dared farthest to extend it selfe, was some- 
times to take her beautiful and Ivorie hands perforce, and 
kisse them as well as I might through the rigorous strictnesse 
of a niggardly yron-grate which devided us. But the pre- 
cedent night to the day of my sad departure, she wept, sobd, 
and sighed, and departed, leaving me full of confusion and 
inward assaults, amazed to behold such new and doleful! 
tokens of sorrow and feeling in Luscinda. But because 
I would not murder my hopes, I did attribute all these 
things to the force of her affection towards me, and to the 
griefe which absence is wont to stirre in those that love 
one another deerely. To be briefe, I departed from thence 
sorrowfull and pensive, my soule being ml of imaginations 
and suspitions, and yet know not what I suspected or 
imagined : Cleere tokens, foretelling the sad successe and 
misfortune which attended me. I arrived to the place 
where I was sent, and delivered my Letters to Don Ferdi- 
nandos brother, and was well intertained, but not well 
dispatched; for he commanded me to expect (a thing to 
me most displeasing) eight dayes, and that out of the 
Duke his fathers presence ; because his brother had written 
unto him to send him certaine moneyes unknowne to his 
father. And all this was but false Don Ferdinandos in- 
vention, for his brother wanted not money wherewithal! 
966 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

to have dispatched me presently, had not he written the CHAPTER 
contrary. ^^^ 

This was so displeasing a commandement and order, as How the 
almost it brought me to termes of disobeying it, because it S"^^S*^ 
seemed to mee a thing most impossible to sustaine my life p^^ ^^^ 
so many dayes in the absence of my Luscinda ; and specially designe in 
having left her so sorrowfull as I have recounted ; yet not- practise, with 
withstanding I did obey like a good servant, although I ^"^7 o*^©"* 
knew it woiud be with the cost of my health. But on the ^^j^fy ^ [^. 
fourth day after I had arrived, there came a man in my recorded in 
search with a letter, which he delivered unto me, and by this fimious 
the indorsement I knew it to be Luscindas; for the hand Historic, 
was like hers. I opened it not without feare and assayle- 
ment of my senses, knowing that it must have beene some 
serious occasion, which could move her to write unto me, 
being absent, seeing she did it so rarely, even when I was 
present. I demaunded of the Bearer before I read, who had 
delivered it to him, and what time he had spent in the 
way. He answered me, that passing by chance at mid-day 
thorow a streete of the Citie, a very beautifuU Ladie did 
call him from a certaine window : Her eyes were all be- 
blubbered with teares ; and said unto him very hastily. 
Brother, if thou beest a Christian, as thou appearest to be 
one, I pray thee for Gods sake, that thou aoe forthwith 
addresse this Letter to the pla6e and person that the super- 
scription assigneth, (for they be well knowen) and therein 
thou shalt doe our Lord great service. And because thou 
mayest not want meanes to doe it, take what thou shalt 
finae wrapped in that Handkerchife : and saying so, she 
threw out of the Window a handkerchife, wherein were 
lapped up a hundred Rials, this Ring of Gold which I 
cane here, and that letter which I delivered unto you; 
and presently without expecting mine answer shee de- 
parted, but first saw me take up the handkerchife and 
letter ; emd then I made her signes that I would accomplish 
herein her command : and after perceyving the paines I 
might take in bringing you it so well considered, and seeing 
by the indorsement, that you were the man to whom it was 
addrest : for. Sir, I know you verie well; and also obliged to 

867 



CHAPTER 

xin 

How the 
Curate and 
the Barber 

Sut their 
esigne in 
practLse, with 
many other 
things^ 
worUi V to be 
recorded in 
thia famous 
Hiatorie. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

doe it by the teares of that beautifull Ladie, I determined 
not to trust any other with it, but to come and bring it 
you my selfe in person : and in sixteene houres since it was 
given unto me, I have travelled the journey you know, which 
is at least eighteene leagues long. Whilest the thankefiill 
new messenger spake thus unto me, I remained in a manner 
hanging on his words, and my thighes did tremble in such 
manner, as I could very hardw sustaine my selfe on foot : 
yet taking courage, at last i opened the Letter, whereof 
these were the Contents : 

^ The word that Don Ferdinando hath past unto you to 
speake to your father, that he might speake to mine, he 
hath accomplished more to his owne pleasure then to your 
profite. For, Sir, you shall understand, that he hath de- 
maunded me for his wife; and my father borne away by 
the advantage of worthes which he supposes to be in Don 
Ferdinando more then in you, hath agreed to his demaund 
in so good earnest, as the espousals shall bee celebrated 
within these two dales, and that so secretly and alone, 
as onely the heavens and some folke of the house shall 
be witnesses. How I remaine, imagine, and whether it be 
convenient you should retume, you may consider : and the 
successe of this affaire shall let you to perceive, whether I 
love you well or no. I beseech Almighty God that this 
may arrive unto your hands, before mine shall see it selfe 
in danger to joyne it selfe with his, which kcepeth his 
promised faith so ill.** 

These were in summe, the Contents of the Letter, and 
the motives that pars waded me presently to depart, without 
attending any otner answer, or other monies : for then I 
conceived clearely, that it was not the buyall of the horses, 
but that of his delights, which had moved Don Ferdinando 
to send mee to his brother. The rage which I conceived 
against him, joyned with the feare to lose the jewell which 
I had gained by so many yeares service, and desires, did 
set wings on mee, for I arrived as if I had flien the next 
day at mine owne -Citie, in the houre and moment fit to goe 

968 



"I] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

speake to Luscinda. I entred secretly, and left my Mule CHAPTER 
whereon I rode in the honest mans house, that had brought ^^^ 
mee the letter, and my fortune purposing then to be favour- How the 
able to me, disposed so mine affairs, that I found Luscinda ^'nfj^ 
sitting at that yron grate, which was the sole witnesse of p^^ ^^ 
our loves. Luscinda knew me straight and I her, but not dengne in 
as we ought to know one another. But who is he in the practise, with 
world which may truly vaunt, that he hath penetrated, and ^^7 ^^^^ 
throughly exhausted the confused thoughts, and mutable ^^J§^y ^ \^ 
nature of women ? Truly none. I say then, to proceede recorded in 
with my tale, that as soone as Luscinda perceived me, shee this fJEunous 
said, Cardenio, I am attired with my wedaing garments, and Historie. 
in the Hall doe waite for mee, the traitor Don Ferdinando, 
and my covetous father with other witnesses, which shall 
rather be such of my death, then of mine espousals; bee 
not troubled deare fnend, but procure to be present at this 
sacrifice, the which if I cannot hinder by my perswasions 
and reasons, I carry hidden about me a poynard secretly, 
which may hinder more resolute forces, Dy giving end to 
niy life, and a beginning to thee, to know certaine the 
affection which I have ever borne, and doe beare unto thee. 
I answered her troubled and hastily, fearing I should not 
have the leasure to reply unto her, saying, Sweete Ladie, let 
thy workes verifie thy words for if tnou earnest a poynard 
to defend thy credit, I doe heere likewise beare a sword 
wherewithall I will defend thee, or kill my selfe, if fortune 
proove adverse and contrary. I beleave that she could 
not heare all my words, by reason she was called hastily 
away as I perceived, for that the bridegroome expected her 
comming. By this the night of my sorrowes did throughly 
fall, and the Sunne of my gladnesse was set: and I remained 
without light in mine eyes, or discourse in my understand- 
ing. I could not finde the way into her house, nor could I 
move my selfe to any part: yet considering at last how 
important my presence was, for that which might befall 
in that adventure, I animated my selfe the best I could, 
and entred into the house ; and as one that knew very well 
all the entries and passages thereof, and specially by reason 
of the trouble and businesse that was then in hand, I went 

869 



k 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub, 

CHAPTER in imperceived of any. And thus without being seene, I 
^U had the oportunitie to place my selfe in the hollow roome 
How the of a window of the same Hall, which was covered by the 

t)I"^rvr endcs of two incountring peeces of tapestry, irom whence I 
put their could see all that was done in the Hall, remaining my selfe 
demgae in unviewed of any. Who could now describe the assaults and 
pnctiw, with surprisals of my heart whilst I there abode P The thoughts 
many other which incountred my mind, the considerations which I had, 
wor§re to be ^^^^^ "^^ "* niany and such, as they can neither be said, 
reconM in °f^ >* i^ reason they should ? Let it suffice you to know, 
this &mous that the bridegroome eotred into the Hall without any 
Historie. ornament, wearing the ordinary array he was wont, and was 
accompanied by a cousen Germain of Luscindas, uid in all 
the Hall there was no stranger present, nor any other then 
the household servants : within a while after, Luscinda came 
out of the Parlour, accompanied by her mother and two 
waiting maides of her owne, as richly attired and deck±, 
as her calling and beautie deserved, and the perfection of 
courtly pompe and bravery could aSbord: my distraction 
and trouole of minde lent me no time to note particularly 
the apparell shee wore, and therefore did onely marke the 
colours, which were carnation, and white; and the splendour 
which the precious stones and lewels of her Tires, and all 
the rest oi her garments yeelded : yet did the singular 
beauty of her faire and golden tresaes surpasse them so 
much, as being in competencie with the precious stones, 
and dame of foure linkes that lighted in the Hall, yet 
did the splendour thereof seeme farre more bright and 
glorious to mine eies. O memory, the mortall enemie 
of mine ease, to what end serves it now to represent unto 
me the uncomparable Iwautie of that my adored enemy? 
Were it not better, cruel memory, to remember and re- 
present that which sbee did then, that being mooved by 
so manifest a wrongs I may at least eudevour to lose my 
life, since I cannot procure a revenge P Tire not, good sirs, 
to heare the digressions I make, for my griefe is not of that 
kinde that may be rehearsed succinctly and speedily, seeing 
that in mine opinion every passage of it is worthy of a 
large discourse. 
270 



I"** J- 



in] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

To this the Curate answered, that not onely they were CHAPTER 
not tyred or wearied, hearing of him, but ratner they re- ^^^^ 
ceivea marvellous delight to heare him recount each minuitie How the 
and circumstance, because they were such, as deserved not S"^ ^^ 
to be past over in silence, but rather merited as much atten- p^^ ^^^ 
tion as the principall parts of the History. You shall then designe in 
wit (quoth Cardenio) that as they thus stood in the Hall, practise, with 
the Curate of the Parish entred, and taking them both by ^7 ^^^ 
the hand, to do that which in such an act is required at the ^^^y to be 
saying of, ^ Will you Ladie Luscinda take the Lord Don recorded in 
Ferdinando, who is heere present for your lawfull Spouse, this fomous 
according as our holy motner the Church commands?** I Historie. 
thrust out all my head and neck out of the tapistiy, and 
with most attentive eares and a troubled mind, settled my 
self to heare what Luscinda answered ; expecting by it the 
sentence of my death, or the confirmation of my life. O, if 
one had dared to sally out at that time, and cried with 
a loud voice : O Luscinda, Luscinda, see well what thou 
doest, consider withall what thou owest me ! Behold how 
thou art mine, and that thou canst not be any others ; note 
that thy sajring of yea, and the end of my life shall be both 
in one insist. O traytor Don Ferdinando, robber of my 
glory, death of my life, what is this thou pretendest ? what 
wilt thou doe? Consider that thou canst not Christian- 
like atchieve thine intention, seeing Luscinda is my spouse, 
and I am her husband. O foolish man now that I am ab- 
sent, and farre from the danger, I say what I should have 
done, and not what I did. Now after that I have per- 
mitted my deare lewel to be robbed, I exclaime on the 
theefe, on whom I might have revenged my selfe, had I 
had as much heart to doe it as I have to complaine. In 
fine, since I was then a coward and a foole, it is no matter 
though I now die ashamed, sory, and franticke. The Curate 
stood expecting Luscindas answer a good while ere she gave 
it : and in the end, when I hoped that she would take out 
the Poynard to stab her selfe, or would unloose her tongue 
to say some truth, or use some reason or perswasion that 
might redound to my benefit, I heard heere in stead thereof, 
answer with a disroaied and languishing voice the word, ^ I 

271 



THE FIRST PART OF THE b^ 



CHAPTTR 
Xlfl 

Wffrthtt 
f,firkt« and 

4^i^»^ in 
prartM, vHb 
fwbnj ^Aher 

wmthj to be 
rwj/ir*l^ in 
thw fitmmM 
llMt//rie, 



^ viir : ud then Dm Fenwiulo add tile 

her the Ring, thej renudned tjed with an imtfew i J able knot 

Then the Bridegroome comnuM to \amt has soooki. die 

Aet her hand upon her heart, and fell in n tnai 

her DKythers annes. 

Now onelj remaioes untold the caie whereiii I 
in that, jea,' which I had heard mj hopes delnded, 
wordA and promises faUified ; and mj selfe vfaolr ifpT^^T*** 
to recover in anv time the good whidi I lost in that instuL 
I rented void of counsel!, abandoned (in mine opinion) bv 
heaven, proclaimed an enemv to the earth vfaicii opfaeU 
me, the ayre denying breath enough for mj siglieay and the 
water, humour sufficient to mine eves: cxiIt the fire in- 
creaAeri in such manner, as I burned tKrougfalT with m^ and 
jealouAie. All the house was in a tumult for this •^^^^^ 
amazement of Luscinda: and as her mother unclasped her 
bosome, to give her the ayre, there appeared in it n p>pc' 
foulded up, which Don Fernando presently seaaed on, and 
went aside to reade it by the light of a tordi ; and after 
he had read it, he sate downe in a chavre, laying his hands 
on hi.H chceke, with manifest signes of melancholy discon- 
tent, without bethinking himselfe of the remedies that were 
applied to his Spouse, to bring her againe to her selfe. I 
s(«ing all the folke of the house thus in an uprore, did 
a^lventurc my selfe to issue, not waighing much whether 
I were scene or no ; bearing withall a resolution (if I were 
fierce] ved) Uj play such a rash part, as all the world should 
underHtand the just indignation of my breast, by the revenge 
I would take on false Don Fernando, and the mutable and 
dismaicd traytresse : But my destinie, which hath reserred 
me for greater evils, if possibly there may be any greater 
then mine ownc, ordained that instant my wit should 
abound, whereof ever since I have so great want : and there- 
fore without will to take revenge of my greatest enemies (of 
whom I might have taken it with all facilitie, by reason they 
suspected so little my being there) I determined to take it 
on my selfe, and execute in my selfe the paine which they 
deserved ; and that perhaps with more rigour then I would 
have used towards them, if I had slaine them at that time, 

878 




ni] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

seeing that the sodaine death finisheth presently the paine, CHAPTER 
but that which doth lingringly torment^ kils alwaies with- ^^ 
out ending the life. To be short, I went out of the house, How the 
and came to the other where I had left my Mule, which I 9^^^^ f^^ 
caused to be saddled, and without bidding mine hoast adieu, ^^ ^^ ^ 
I mounted on her, and rode out of the Citie, without daring designe in 
like another Lot to tume back and behold it : and then practise^ with 
seeing my selfe alone in the fields, and that the darkenesse "?^y ^^^^ 
of the night did cover me, and the silence thereof invite J^JJjSi ^ i^ 
me to complaine, without respect or feare to be heard or recorded in 
knowne, I did let slip my voyce, and untied my tongue this famous 
with so many curses of Lusdnda and Don Ferdinando, as Historie. 
if thereby I might satisfie the wrong they had done me. I 
gave her the title of cruell, ungratefull, false, and scomefuU, 
but specially of covetous, seeing the riches of mine enemie 
had shut up the eyes of her affection, to deprive me thereof, 
and render it to him, with whom fortune had dealt more 
frankly and liberally: and in the midst of this tune of 
maledictions and scomes, I did excuse her saying: that 
it was no marvell that a Mayden kept close in her parents 
house, made and accustomed alwaies to obey them, should 
at last condiscend to their wiU specially, seeing tiiey be- 
stowed upon her for husband, so noble, so rich and proper 
a Grentleman, as to refuse him, would be reputed in ner to 
proceed either from want of judgement, or from having 
bestowed her affections else- where, which things must of 
force greatly prejudice her good opinion and renowne. Pre- 
sently would I tume againe to say, that though she had 
told them that I was her spouse, they might easily per- 
ceive that in chusinff me she had not made so ill an 
election, that she miffht not be excused, seeing that before 
Don Fernando offi-ea himselfe, they themselves could not 
happen to desire, if their wishes were guided by reason, 
so nt a match for their daughter as my selfe: and she 
might easily have said, before she put ner selfe in that 
last and forcible passe of giving her hand, that I had 
ahready given her mine, which I would come out to con- 
fesse and confinne all that she . could any way faine 
in this case: and concluded in the end, that little love, 
MM 878 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ 

CHAPTER lessc iudgement, much ambition, and desire of greafa 

^''' caused her to forget the wordes, wherewithaU she had 

How the ceived, intertained, and sustained me in my firme hopes 

tlTJlterbSJ honest desires. 

put their Using these words, and feeling this unquietnesae in 

deniiirne id brest, I travelled all the rest of the night, and stn 
practiite, with about dawning into one of the entries of these mouotai 
many other thorow which I travelled three dayes at random, witl 
worthy to be foUowing or finding any path or way, untill I anivec 
recorded in hist to certaine mradowes and fieldes, that lie I know 
thiH famous in which part of these mountaines : and finding there 
Historie. taine heards, I demaunded of them which way lay the i 

craggy and inaccessible places of these rocks, and ! 
directed me hither; and presently I travelled towazdi 
with purpose here to end my life: and entring in am 
those desarts, my Mule, through wearinesse and hunger 
dead under me, or rather as I may better suppose, to 
burden him selfe of so vile and unprofitable a burden & 
carried in me. I remained a foote, overcome by nature, 

Cierced thorow and thorow by hunger, without having 
elpe, or knowing who might succour me; and remai 
after that maimer, I know not how long prostrate on 
ground ; and then I arose againe without any hunger, 
I found neere unto me certaine Goatheards, wno were tl 
doubtlesly that fedde me in my hunger. For they tolde 
in what manner they found me, ana how I spake so m 
foolish and madde words, as gave certaine argument t 
I was devoide of judgement. And I have felt in my s 
since that time, that I enjoy not my wits perfectly, 
rather perceive them to be so weakened and impaired, 
I commit a hundred follies, tearing mine apparrell, cry 
loudly thorow these desarts, cursing my fates, and id 

' repeating the beloved name of mine enemie, without hav 

any other intent or discourse at that time, then to 
devour to finish my life ere long: and when I tume 
my selfe, I am so broken and tyred, as I am scarce a 

/ to stirre me. My most ordinary Mansion-place is in 

hoUownes of a Corke tree, sufiiciently able to cover I 
wretched carkasse. The Cowheards, and the Goathea 
274 



lIi 



/ 

J 




I"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that feede their cattell here in these mountaines, moved by CHAPTE 
charity, gave me sustenance, leaving meate for me by the ^11 
wayes, and on the rockes which they suppose I frequent, and How the 
where they thinke I may finde it : and so, although I doe ^^'^ ^ 
then want the use of reason, yet doth naturall necessity ^^ ^^.^ 
induce me to know my meate, and stirreth my appetite designe in 
to covet, and my will to take it. They tell me when they practise^ n 
meete me in my wits ; that I doe other times come out to "J^y ^^^ 
the hiffh-waies, and take it fix)m them violently, even when ^j^y ^ 
they tnemselves doe offer it unto mee willingly. After this recorded u 
manner doe I passe my miserable life, untill heaven shall tliis famon 
be pleased to conduct it to the last period, or so change Historie. 
my memorie, as I may no more remember on the beauty 
and treacherie of Luscinda, or the imurie done by Don 
Ferdinando; for if it doe me this ravour, without de- 

5 riving my life, then will I convert my thoughts to better 
iscourses : if not, there is no other remedie but to pray 
Grod to receive my soule into his merde; for I neyther 
finde valour nor strength in my selfe to rid my bodie out 
of the straites, wherein for my pleasure I did at first will- 
ing intrude it. 

Tliis is. Sirs, the bitter relation of my disasters, where- 
fore judge if it be such as may be celebrated with lesse 
feelinff and compassion then that, which you may by this 
time have perceived in my selfe : And doe not in vaine 
labour to perswade or counsel me that which reason 
should affoord you may bee good for my remedie: for it 
will worke no other effect in me then a medicine prescribed 
by a skilfull Physitian, to a Patient that will in no sort 
receive it. I will have no health without Luscinda: and 
since she pleaseth to alienate her selfe, beine or seeing she 
ought to be mine: so doe I also take delight to be of 
the retinue of mishap, although I might be a retainer to 
good fortune. She hath ordamed that her changing shall 
establish my perdition. And I will labour by procuring 
mine owne losse, to please and satisfie her wil: and it 
shall be an example to ensuing ages, that I alone wanted 
that, wherewithal! all other wretoies abounded, to whom 
the impossibility of receiving comfort, proved sometimes a 

«76 



