Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



I 



THE TUDOR 
TRANSLATIONS 



EDITED BY 



W. E. HENLEY 



XIV 



THE HISTORY OF 

DON QUIXOTE 

OF THE MANCHA 

TRANSLATED PBOH THE SPANISH 
OF MIGUEL DE CEBVANTE8 BY 

THOMAS SH ELTON 

ANNU l6l8, l6S0 

With Introductions by 
JAMES FITZMAURICE-KELLY 



VOLUME II 




LONDON 

Publiehed by DAVID NUTT 

IN THE STRAND 

1896 



storage 



PO 







Edinbargh : T. and A» Comitablb, Printers to Her Maieaty 



THE TABLE OF THE FOURTH BOOKE 

of the delightfull Historie of Don-Quixote 

CHAPTER I 



PAGB 



Wherein is discoursed the new and pleasant adventure, that 
happened to the Curate and Barber in Sierra Morena . 1 

CHAPTER II 

Which treates of the discretion of the beautifull Dorotea : and of 
the artificial! maner used to disswade the amorous Knight 
from continuing his penance, and how hee was gotten away ; 
with many other delightfull and pleasant occurrences 18 

CHAPTER III 

Of many pleasant discourses passed betweene Don-Quixote, and 
those of his companie, after that he had abandoned the 
rigorous place of his penance . .31 

CHAPTER nil 

Of the pleasant discourses continued betweene Don-Quixote, and 
his Squire Sancho Pan^a, with other adventures 43 

CHAPTER V 

Treating of that which befell all Don-Quixotes traine in the Inue 53 

CHAPTER VI 

Wherein is recounted the novell of the Curious Impertinent 61 

CHAPTER VII 

Wherein is prosecuted the novell of the Curious Impertinent 83 

• V 



THE FIRST PART OF THE 

CHAPTER VIII 



PAGB 



Wherein is finished the novell of the Curious Impertinent : and 
likewise recounted the rough incounter passed betweene Don- 
Quixote^ and certaine bagges of red Wine . . 104 

CHAPTER IX 

Which treates of many rare successes befiJlen in the Inne . 114 

CHAPTER X 

Wherein is prosecuted the Historie of the fitmous Princesse Mico- 
micona^ with other delightfull adventures . 125 

CHAPTER XI 

Treating of the curious discourse made by I>on-42uixote> upon 
the exercise of Armes and Letters .... 136 

CHAPTER XII 
Wherein the captive recounteth his life> and other accidents . 141 

CHAPTER XIII 
Wherein is prosecuted the Historic of the Captive . 160 

CHAPTER XIIII 

Wherein the Captive yet continueth the pleasant narration of his 
life ........ 164 

CHAPTER XV 

Which speakes of that which befell afterward in the Inne> and of 
sundrie other things worthy of knowledge . 186 

CHAPTER XVI 

Wherein is recounted the Historie of the Lackey^ with other 
strange adventures befallen in the Inne . 194 

CHAPTER XVII 

Wherein are prosecuted the wonderfull adventures of the Inne 206 
vi 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

CHAPTER XVIII 



PAGE 



Wherein are decided the controversies of Mambrinos Helmet, 
and the Asses pannell^ with other strange adventures most 
douhtlesly befallen ...... 214 

CHAPTER XIX 

In which is finished the notable adventure of the troupers: 
and the great ferodtie of our good Knight Don-Quixote, and 
how he was inchanted ...... 223 

CHAPTER XX 

Wherdn is prosecuted the manner of Don-Quixotes inchantment, 
with other fiunous occurrences .... 232 

CHAPTER XXI 

Wherein the Canon continueth his discourse upon Bookes of 
Chivalrie with many other things worthy of his note . 243 

CHAPTER XXII 

Wherein is laide downe the very discreete discourse that passed 
betweene Sanco Pan^ and his Lord Don-Quixote . 252 

CHAPTER XXIII 

Of the discreete contention passed betweene Don-Quixote and the 
Canon, with other accidents ..... 260 

CHAPTER XXIIII 

Relating that which the Goateheard told to those that carried 
away Don-Quixote ...... 267 

CHAPTER XXV 

Of the falling out of Don-Quixote with the Goateheard : with the 
adventure of the disciplinants, to which the Knight gave 
end although to his cost ..... 273 



Vll 



THE FOURTH BOOKE 



CHAPTER I 

Wherein is discoursed the new and pleasant adven- 

\ip& that hapned to the Curate and Barber, 

in Sierra Morena. 

IJOST happy and fortunate were those times, 
wherein the thrise audacious and bold 
Kiiigbt Don-Quixote of the Mancha was 
bestowed on the world ; by whose most 
Honorable resolution, to revive and re- 
nue in it the already worne out, and 
2 welnigh diseased exercise of armes, wee 
joy in this our so niggard and scant an 
age of all pastimes, not onely the sweetnesse of his true 
Historie, but also of the other tales, and digressions con- 




tained therein, which are in some respects lesse pleasing, 
arti6Giall and true, then the very History it selfe. The 
which prosecuting the carded, spun, and selfetwined threede 



of the relation saves, that as the Curate began to bethinke 
himselfe upon some answere that might both confort and 
animate Cardenio, hee was hindered by a voyce which came 
to his hearing, said very dolefully the words ensuing : 

O God ! is it possible that I have yet found out the place 
which may serve for a hidden Sepulchre, to the load or this 
loathsome body that I unwillingly beare so long ? Yes it 
may be, if the solitannesse of these rockes doe not illude 
me, ah unfortunate that I am ! How much more gratefull 

3:A 1 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER companions will these cracges and thickets prove to my 
I designes, by affoording me leisure to communicate my mis- 

Wherein is haps to heaven with plaints ; then that if any mortall man 
discoursed livmg, since there is none upon earth from whom may be 
plMSMt *° expected counsell in doubts, ease in complaints, or in harmes 
adventure remedie. The Curate and his companions heard and under- 
that hapned stood all the words cleerely, and for as much as they con- 
*^*?R«L K*^ jectured (as indeede it was) that those plaints were deUvered 
in Sierra^'* very neere unto them, they did all arise to search out the 
Morena. plaintifiPe ; and having gone some twenty steppes thence, 

they beheld a young youth behinde a rocke, sitting under 
an Ashe tree, and attired like a country Swaine, whom by 
reason his face was inclined, as hee sate washing of his feete 
in the cleere streame that glided that way, they could not 
perfectly disceme; and therefore approched towards him 
with so great silence, as they were not descryed by him 
who only attended to the washing of his feet, which were 
so white, as they properly resembled two pieces of cleere 
crystall, that grew among the other stones of the streame. 
The whitenesse and beauty of the feet amazed them, being 
not made as they well conjectured, to tread cloddes, or 
measure the steps of lazie Oxen, and holding the Plow, as 
the youthes apparrell would perswade them ; and therefore 
the Curate, who went before the rest, seeing they were not 
yet espyed, made signes to the other two that they should 
aivert a little out of the way, or hide themselves behinde 
some broken cliffes that were neere the place, which they 
did all of them, noting what the youth did with very great 
attention. He wore a little browne Capouch, gyrt very 
neere to his body with a white Towell; also a paire of 
Breeches and Gamashoes of the same coloured cloth, and 
on his head a clay-coloured Cap. His Gamashoes were 
lifted up halfe the legge, which verily seemed to be white 
Alabaster. Finally, having washed his feet, taking out a 
linnen Eerchife from under his Cappe, he dried them there- 
withall, and at the taking out of the Eerchife, he held up 
his face, and then those which stood gazing on him, had 
leisure to disceme an unmatchable beautie, so surpassing 
great, as Cardenio rounding the Curate in the eare, saio, 
2 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

This bodie, since it is not Luscinda, can be no humane CHAPTER 
creature, but a divine. The youth tooke oiF his Cappe at ^ 

last, and shaking his head to the one and other part, did Wherein is 
disheavell and discover such beautiful! haires, as those of ^wcoursed 
Phoebus might justly emulate them: and thereby they pi^^*" 
knew the supposed Swaine to be a delicate woman, yea adventure 
and the fairest that ever the first two had scene in their that hapned 
lives, or Cardenio himselfe, the lovely Luscinda excepted; *^!^«^Uf**® 
for as he after affirmed, no feature save Luscindas could ^si^w'* 
contend with hers. The long and golden haires did not Morena. 
onely cover her shoulders, but did also hide her round 
about, in such sort, as (her feet excepted) no other part of 
her body appeared, they were so neere and long. At this 
time her hands served her for a Combe, which as her feet 
seemed pieces of crystal! in the water, so did they appeare 
among her liaires like pieces of driven Snow. All which 
circumstances did possesse the three which stood gazing at 
her with great admiration, and desire to know what she 
was ; and therefore resolved to shew themselves ; and with 
the noyse which they made when they arose, the beautifull 
mayden held up her head, and removing her haires from 
before her eyes with both hands, she espyed those that had 
made it, and presently arising full of feare and trouble, shee 
laid hand on a packet that was by her, which seemed to be 
of apparell, and thought to flie away, without staying to 
pull on her shooes, or to gather up her haire : But scarce 
nad shee gone sixe paces, when her delicate and tender feete, 
unable to abide the rough encounter of the stones, made 
her to fall to the earth. Which the three perceiving, they 
came out to her, and the Curate arriving first of all, said 
to her : Lady, whatsoever you be, stay and feare nothing ; 
for we which you beholde here, come only with intention to 
doe you service, and therefore you need not pretend so im- 
pertinent a flight, which neither your feete can endure nor 
would we permit. The poore Gyrle remained so amazed 
and confounded, as shee answered not a word : wherefore 
the Curate and the rest drawing neerer, he tooke her by 
the hand, and then hee prosecuted his speech, saying. 
What your habit concealed from us, Ladie, your haires 



CHAPTER 
I 

Wherein is 
discoursed 
the new and 
pleasant 
adventure 
that hapned 
to tiie (Jurate 
and Barber^ 
in Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

have bewrayed, being manifest arguments that the causes 
were of no smal moment, which have thus bemasked your 
singular beauty, under so unworthy array, and conducted 
you to this all-abandoned desart; wherein it was a won- 
derfuU chaunce to have met you, if not to remedie your 
harmes, yet at least to give you some comfort, seeing no 
evill can afflict and vexe one so much, and plunge him 
in so deepe extreames, (whilest it deprives not the life) 
that will whoUy abhorre from listening to the advice 
that is offered, with a mod and sincere intention; so 
that, faire Ladie, or Lord, or what else you shall please 
to be termed, shake off your affrightment, and renearse 
unto us your good or ill fortune, for you shall finde in us 
joyntly, or in every one apart, companions to heipe you 
to deplore your disasters. 

Whilest the Curate made this speech, the disguised woman 
stood as one halfe asleepe, now beholding the one, now the 
other, without once moving her lippe or saying a word ; 
much like unto a rusticke Clowne, when rare and unseene 
things to him before, are unexpectedly presented to his 
view. But the Curate insisting and using other perswasive 
reasons addrest to that effect, won her at last to make a 
breach on her tedious silence, and with a profound sigh, 
blow open her curall gates, sa3ring somewhat to this effect : 
Since tne solitarinesse of these rockes hath not beene potent 
to conoeale me, nor the disheaveling of my disordered naires, 
licensed my tongue to belie my sexe, it were in vaine for 
me to faine that anew, which, if you beleeved it, would be 
more for courtesies sake then any other respect. Which 
presupposed, I say, good Sirs, that I doe gratifie you highly 
for the liberall offers you have made me ; which are such, 
as have bound me to satisfie your demaund as neere as I 
may ; although I feare the relation which I must make to 
you of my mishappes, will breede sorrow at once with com- 
passion in you, by reason you shal not be able to find any 
salve that may cure, comfort, or beguile them: yet not- 
withstanding, to the end my reputation may not hover 
longer suspended in your opinions, seeing you know me to 
be a woman, and view me, young, alone, and thus attyred, 

4 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

being things all of them able either joyned or parted, to CHAPTER 
overthrow the best credite, I must be enforced to unfold, ^ 

what I could otherwise most willingly conceale. All this, Wherein ig 
she that appeared so comely, spoke without stoppe or stair- discoursed 
gering, wiTT ready deliverirand so sweete a voiceri. S:S 
her discretion admired them no lesse then her beautie. adventure 
And renewing aeaine their complements and intreaties that banned 
to her, to accomplish speedily her promise, she setting all ^^^^^ 
coynesse apart, drawing on her shooes very modestly, and ^ sj^^**^' 
winding up her haire, sate her downe on a stone, and the Morena. 
other three about her, where she used no little violence to 
smother certaine rebellious teares that strove to breake 
forth without her permission: and then with a reposed 
and cleere voyce she began the Historic of her life in this 
manner. 

In this Province of Andaluzia there is a certaine Towne, 
from whence a Duke derives his denomination, which makes 
him one of those in Spain are callM Grandes : He hath two 
sonnes, the elder is heire of his States, and likewise, as may 
be presumed, of his vertues : the younger is heire I know ' 
not of what, if it bee not of ♦Vellido his treacheries, or *One that 
Gralalons frauds. My parents are this Noblemans vassals, murdered 
of humble and low calling ; but so rich, as if the goods of £??^i °*^ 
nature had equalled those of their fortunes, then should j^^ ^i^g easimr 
they have had nothing else to desire, nor I feared to see my himselfe at 
selfe in the misfortunes, wherein I now am plunged. For the siege of 
perhaps my mishaps proceed from that of theirs, in not Camora. 
Deing nobly descended. True it is that they are not so 
base, as they should therefore shame their calling, nor so 
high as may check my conceit, which perswades me, that 
my disasters proceede from their lownesse. In conclusion, 
they are but Farmours, and plaine people, but without any 
touch or spot of badde bloua, and as we usually say, Olde 
rustic Christians, yet so rustic and auncient, as it, their 
riches, and magnificent porte, gaines them by little and little 
the title of Gentilitie ; yea, and of worship also ; although 
the treasure and Nobility, whereof they made most price 
and account, was to have had me for their daughter : and 
therefore as well by reason that they had none other heire 



CHAPTER 
I 

Wherein is 
discoursed 
the new and 
pleasant 
adventure 
that hapned 
to the Curate 
and Barber, 
in Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

then my selfe, as also because as affectionate parents, they 
held mee most deere : I was one of the most made of and 
cherished daughters that ever father brought up : I was the 
mirrour wherein they beheld themselves, the staffe of their 
olde age, and the subject to which they addrest all their 
desires. From which, because they were most vertuous, 
mine did not stray an inch : and even in the same manner 
that I was Ladie of their mindes, so was I also of their 
goods. By me were servants admitted or dismissed : the 
notice and account of what was sowed or reaped, past 
through my hands, of the Oyle-mils, the Wine-presses, the 
number of great and little cattell, the Bee-hives ; in fine, 
of all that which so rich a Farmour as my Father was, had 
or could have; I kept the account, and was the Steward 
thereof and Mistresse, with such care of my side, and plea- 
sure of theirs, as I cannot possibly endeere it enough. The 
times of leisure that I had in the day, after I had given 
what was necessary to the head servants, and other labourers, 
I did entertaine in those exercises, which were both com- 
mendable and requisite for maydens, to wit, in sowing, 
making of bone-lace, and many times handling the Distaffe : 
and if sometimes I left those exercises to recreate my minde 
a little, I would then take some godly booke in hand, or 
play at the Harpe; for experience had taught me, that 
musicke ordereth disordered mindes, and doth lighten the 

1)assions that afflict the spirit. This was the life which I 
ed in my fathers house : the recounting whereof so parti- 
cularly, hath not beene done for ostentation, nor to give 
you to understand that I am rich, but to the end you may 
note how much, without mine owne fault, have I falne from 
that happy state I have said, unto the unhappie plight into 
which I am now reduced. The Historie therefore is this, 
that passing my life in so many occupations, and that with 
such recollection as might bee compared to a religious life, 
unseene as I thought by any other person then those of our 
house : for when I went to Masse, it was commonly so earely, 
and so accompanied by my mother and other mayd-ser- 
vants ; and I my selfe so coverd and watchfiiU, as mine eyes 
did scarce see the earth whereon I treade : and yet notwith- 
6 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

standing those of love, or as I may better terme them, of CHAPTER 
idlenesse, to which Linces Eyes may not bee compared, did I 

represent me to Don Ferdinandos affection and care ; for Wherein is 
this is the name of the Dukes younger sonne, of whom I discoursed 
spake before. Scarce had she named Don Ferdinando when pieMant*^** 
Cardenio changed colour, and began to sweate with such adventure 
alteration of bodie and countenance, as the Curate and that hapned 
Barber which beheld it, feared that the accident of frenzie to the Curate 
did assault him which was wont as they had heard to pos- ?"d Barber, 
sesse him at times. But Cardenio did nothing else then Morena. 
sweat, and stood still beholding now and then the countrey 
gyrle imagining straight what she was, who without taking 
notice of his alteration, followed on her discourse in this 
manner. And scarce had he seene mee, when (as he him- 
selfe after confest) he abode greatly surprized by my love, 
as his actions did after give evident demonstration. 

But to conclude soone the relation of those misfortunes 
which have no conclusion, I will overslip in silence the 
diligences and practises of Don Ferdinando used to declare 
unto me his affection : he suborned all the folke of the 
house. He bestowed gifts and favours on my parents : 
every day was a holy day, and a day of sports in the 
streets where I dwelled : at night no man could sleepe 
for musicke; the letters were innumerable that came to 
my hands, without knowing who brought them ; farsed too 
full of amorous conceits and ofi*ers ; and contayning more 
promises and protestations then they had characters. All 
which, not onely could not moUifie my mind, but rather 
hardened it as much as if hee were my mortal enemie, and 
therefore did construe all the indevours he used to gaine 
my good will, to be practised to a contrary end : which I 
did not, as accounting Don Ferdinando ungentle, or that 
I esteemed him too importunat, for I took a kind of de- 
light to see my selfe so highly esteemed and beloved of so 
noble a Grentleman : nor was I any thing offended to see 
his papers written in my praise ; for if I be not deceived in 
this point, be we women ever so foule, we love to heare 
men call us beautifull. But mine honesty was that which 
opposed it selfe unto all these things, and the continuall 

7 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER admonitions of my parents, which had by this plainely per- 
^ ceived Don Femanaos pretence, as one that cared not all 

Wherein is the world should know it. They would often say unto me, 
^scourged ^y^^^ ^j^^y j^j^j deposited their honours and reputation in 
pleasant °^7 vertue alone and discretion, and bad me consider the 

adventure inequality that was betweene Don Fernando and me, and 
thatha|^ned that I might collect by it how his thoughts (did he ever 
*^iJ^R«L hlf**^ so much affirme the contrary) were more addrest to com- 
^ Sierra ^' passe his pleasures then my profit : And that if I feared any 
Morena. mconvenience might befall, to the end they might crosse 

it, and cause him to abandon his so unjust a pursuit, they 
would match me where I most liked, eyther to the best of 
that towne, or any other towne adjoyning, saying, they 
might easily compasse it, both by reason of their great 
wealth and my good report. I fortified my resolution 
and integritie with these certaine promises, and the knowne 
truth which they told me, and therefore would never answer 
to Don Fernando any word, that might ever so farre of 
argue the least hope of condiscending to his desires. All 
which cautions of mine which I thinke he deemed to be 
disdains, did inflame more his lascivious appetite (for this 
is the name wherewithall I intitle his affection towards me) 
which had it beene such as it ought, you had not knowne 
it now, for then the cause of revealing it had not befalne 
me. Finally Don Fernando understood how my parents 
meant to marrie me, to the end they might illude his 
hope of ever possessing me : or at least set more gards to 
preserve mine honour, and this newes or surmise was an 
occasion that he did, what you shall presently heare. 

For one night as I sate in my chamber, only attended by 
a younff Mayden that served me, I having shut the doores 
very safe, for feare lest through any negligence my honestie 
might incur any danger, without knowing or imagining 
how it might happen: notwithstanding all my diligences 
used and preventions, and amidst the solitude of this silence 
and recollection, he stood before me in my chamber. At 
his presence I was so troubled, as I lost both sight and 
speech, and by reason thereof could not crie, nor I thinke 
he would not, though I |)ad attempted it, permit me. For 
8 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

he presently ranne over to me, and taking me betweene his CHAPTER 
armes (for as I have said, I was so amazed, as I had no ^ 

r)wer to defend my selfe) he spake such things to me, as Wherein is 
knew not how it is possible that so many lies should have ^^^""^ j 
ability to faine things resembling in shew so much the pleasant 
truth : and the traytor caused teares, to give credit to his adventure 
words and sighes, to give countenance to his intention, thathapned 
I poore soule beinff alone amidst my friends, and weakly ^ ?IS Curate 
practised in such IfFaires, began I tnow not how to ac- ^%S^' 
count his leesings for verities, but not in such sort, as his Morena. 
teares or sighes might any wise move me to any compas- 
sion that were not commendable. And so the first trouble 
and amazement of mind being past, I began againe to 
recover my defective spirits, and then said to him with 
more courage then I thought I should have had, if as I am, 
my Lord, betweene your armes, I were betweene the pawes 
of a fierce Lyon, and that I were made certaine of my 
liberty on condition to doe or say any thing prejudicial! 
to mine honour, it would proove as impossible for me to 
accept it, as for that which once hath beene, to leave off 
his essence and being. Wherefore even as you have ingyrt 
my middle with your armes, so likewise have I tied fast my 
minde with vertuous and forcible desires, that are wholy 
discrepant from yours, as you shall perceive, if seeking to 
force me, you presume to passe further with your inordinate 
designe. I am your vassall, but not your slave, nor hath 
the nobility of your bloud power, nor ought it to harden, 
to dishonour, staine or hold in little account the humility 
of mine; and I doe esteeme my selfe though a countrey 
wench and farmers daughter, as much as you can your 
selfe, though a Nobleman and a Lord : With me your 
violence shall not prevaile, your riches gaine any grace, 
your words have power to deceive, or your sighes and 
teares be able to move : yet if I shall finde any of these 
properties mentioned in him, whom my parents snail please 
to bestow on mee for my spouse, I will presently subject 
my will to his, nor shall it ever varie from his minde a 
jot: So that if I might remaine with honor, although I 
rested void of delights, yet would I willingly bestow on 
2:B 9 



CHAPTER 
I 

Wherein is 
discoursed 
the new and 
pleasant 
adventure 
that hapned 
to tiie Curate 
and Barber^ 
in Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

you, that which you presently labour so much to obtaine : 
all which I doe say, to divert your straying thought firom 
ever thinking that any one may obtaine of me ought, 
who is not my lawfuU spouse. If the let onely consistes 
therein, most beautifuU Dorotea (for so I am called) an- 
swered the disloyall Lord : behold, I give thee here my 
hand to be thine alone : and let the heavens, from which 
nothing is concealed; and this Image of our Lady which 
thou hast heere present, be witnesses of this truth. When 
Cardenio heard her say that she was called Dorotea, 
hee fell againe into his former suspicion, and in the end 
confirmed his first opinion to bee true : but would not 
interrupt her speech, oeing desirous to know the successe, 
which ne knew wholy almost before, and therefore said 
only. Lady, is it possible that you are named Dorotea? 
I have heard report of another of that name, which perhaps 
hath runne the like course of your misfortunes : but I re- 
quest you to continue your relation ; for a time may come, 
wherem I may recount unto you things of the same kinde, 
which will breed no small admiration. Dorotea noted Car- 
denios words, and his uncouth and disastrous attire, and 
then intreated him very instantly, if hee knew any thing 
of her affaires, he would acquaint her therewithall. For if 
fortune had left her any good, it was onely the courage which 
she had to beare patiently any disaster that might befall 
her, being certaine in her opinion, that no new one could 
arrive, which might increase a whit those she had alreadie. 
Ladie, I would not let slip the occasion (mioth Cardenio) 
to tell you what I thinke, if that which I imagine were 
true: and yet there is no commoditie left to doe it: nor 
can it availe you much to know it. Let it be what it list, 
said Dorotea : but that which after befell of my relation, 
was this: That Don Fernando tooke an Image that was 
in my Chamber for witnesse of our contract, and added 
withall most forcible words and unusuall oathes, promising 
unto me to become my husband. Although I warned him, 
before he had ended his speech, to see well what he did, 
and to weigh the wrath of his father, when he should see 
him married to one so base, and his vassall, and that there- 
to 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fore he should take heed that my beautie such as it was CHAPTER 
should not blinde him. Seeing hee should not finde therein ' 

a su£Scient excuse for his errour : and that if he meant to Wherein is 
doe me any good, I conjured him by the love that he bore ^scoursed 
unto me, to license my fortunes to roule in their owne pj^^^ 
spheare, according as my quality reached : For such un- adventure 
equall matches doe never please long, nor persever with that banned 
that deliirht wherewithall they begunne. ^ *^® Curate 

All the reasons heere rehearsed, I said unto him, and ^l^^' 
many moe ; which now are falne out of minde, but yet Morena. 
proved of no efficacy to weane him from his obstinate pur- 
pose, even like unto one that goeth to buy ; with intention 
never to pay for what he takes : and therefore never con- 
siders the price, worthinesse, or faultlesse of the stuffe he 
takes to credit. I at this secison made a briefe discourse, and 
said thus to my selfe : I may doe this, for I am not the first 
which by matrimonie hath ascended from a low degree to 
a high estate: nor shall Don Fernando be the first whom 
beautie or blind affection (for that is the most certaine) 
hath induced to make choyce of a consort unequall to his 
greatnesse. Then since herein I create no new world, nor 
custome, what error can be committed by embracing the 
honour wherewithall fortune crownes me ? Although it so 
befell, that his affection to me endured no longer then till 
he accomplish his will : for before God, I certes shall still 
remaine his wife. And if I should disdainfully give him 
the repulse, I see him now in such termes, as perhaps for- 
getting the dutie of a Noble man, hee may use violence, and 
then shall I remaine for ever dishonoured, and also without 
excuse of the imputations of the ignorant which knew not 
how much without any fault I have falne into this inevitable 
danger. For, what reasons may be sufficiently forcible to 
perswade my father and other, that this Noble man did 
enter into my Chamber without my consent? All these 
demaunds and answers did I in an instant revolve in mine 
imagination, and found my selfe chiefly forced (how I cannot 
tell) to assent to his petition, by the witnesses hee invoked, 
the teares hee shed, and finally by his sweete disposition and 
comely feature, which accompanied with so many arguments 

11 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER of unfained affection, were able to conauer and enthrall any 
I other heart, though it were as free and wary as mine owne. 

Wherein is Then called I for my waiting maide, that she might on 
discoursed earth accompany the celestial! witnesses. And then Don 
iMsa^ Fernando turned againe to reiterate and confirme his 

adventure oathes, and added to his former, other new Saints as 
that hapned witnesses ; and wished a thousand succeeding maledictions 
to the Curate to light on him, if he did not accomplish his promise to 
^S' ' ™^* ^^* ®y®* againe waxed moyst, nis sighes increased, 

Morena. ^^^ himselfe inwreathed mee more straightly betweene his 

armes, from which he had never once loosed mee: and 
with this, and my Maydens departure, I left to be a 
Mayden, and hee beganne to be a traytor, and disloyall 
man. The day that succeeded to the night of my mishaps, 
came not I thinke so soone as Don Fernando aesired it : 
for after a man hath satisfied that which the appetite covets, 
the greatest delight it can take after is to apart it selfe 
from the place where the desire was accomplished. I say 
this, because Don Fernando did hasten his departure from 
me, by my Maids Industrie, who was the very same that 
had brought him into my chamber, hee was got in the 
streete before dawning. And at his departure from mee, 
he said (although not with so OTcat shew of affection and 
vehemencie, as hee had used at nis comming) that I might 
bee secure of his faith, and that his oathes were firme most 
true : and for a more confirmation of his word hee tooke a 
rich ring off his finger, and put it on mine. In fine he 
departed and I remained behinde I cannot well say, whether 
joyfull or sad ; but this much I know that I rested confused 
and pensive, and almost beside my selfe for the late mis- 
chance ; yet eyther I had not the heart, or else I forgot to 
chide my Maide for her treacherie committed by shutting 
up Don Fernando in my chamber : for as yet I could not 
determine, whether that which had befalne mee, was a good 
or an evill. I said to Don Fernando at his departure that 
he might see mee other nights when he pleased by the 
same meanes hee had come that night seeing I was his 
owne, and would rest so, untill it pleased him to let the 
world know that I was his wife. But hee never returned 
12 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

againe, but the next night following ; [nor] could I see him CHAPTER 

aner, for the space of a moneth evther in the streete or ^ 

Church, so as I did but spend time m vaine to expect him : Wherein is 

although I understood that hee was still in towne, and rode ^iscoureed 

• X1.J i_j.» •j.v'Li- tne new and 

evene other day a huntmg : an exercise to which hee was pleasant 

much addicted. adventure 

Those dayes were, I know, unfortunate and accursed to that hapned 
me, and those houres sorrowfuU; for in them I began to ^^^?^^ 
doubt, nay rather wholly to discredite Don Fernando his ^ sierra ^* 
faith : and my maide did then heare loudly the checkes I Morena. 
gave unto her for her presumption, ever untill then dis- 
sembled. And I was moreover constrained to watch and 
keepe guard on my teares and countenance, lest I should 
give occasion to my parents to demaund of mee the cause of 
my discontents, and thereby ingage me to use ambages or 
untruthes to cover them. But all this ended in an instant, 
one moment arriving whereon all these respects stumbled, 
all honourable discourses ended, patience was lost, and my 
most hidden secrets issued in publicke: which was, when 
there was spread a certaine rumour throughout the towne 
within a few dayes after, that Don Fernando had married 
in a Citie neere adjoyning, a damzell of surpctssing beautie, 
and of very noble birth, although not so rich, as could 
deserve by her preferment or dowrie so worthy a husband. 
It was also said, that she was named Luscinda, with many 
other things that hapned at their Spousals, worthy of 
admiration. Cardenio hearing Luscinda named, did nothing 
else but lift up his shoulders, bite his lippe, bend his browes, 
and after a little while shedde from his eyes two floods of 
teares. But yet for all that, Dorotea did not interrupt the 
file of her Historic, saying, This dolefull newes came to my 
hearing, and my heart, in stcede of freezing thereat, was so 
inflamed with choler and rage, as I had welnigh runne out 
to the streets, and with outcries published the deceit and 
treason that was done to me : but my furie was presently 
asswaged by the resolution which I made, to doe what I put 
in execution the very same night, and then I put on this 
habite which you see, being given unto me by one of those 
that among us Countrey-folke are called Swaines, who was 

13 



CHAPTER 

I 
Wherein is 
discoursed 
the new and 
pleasant 
adventure 
that hapned 
to tiie Curate 
and Barber^ 
in Sierra 
Morena. 



THE FIUST PART OF THE [ub. 

my fathers servant ; to whom I disclosed all my misfortunes, 
and requested him to accompany me to the Citie, where I 
understood mine enemie sojourned. He, after he had repre- 
hended my boldnesse, perceiving me to have an inflexible 
resolution, made ofier to attend on mee as hee said, unto 
the end of the world : and presently after I trussed up in a 
pillowbeare, a womans attire, some mony and jewels, to 
prevent necessities that might befall ; and in the silence of 
night, without acquainting my treacherous maide with my 
purpose, I issued out of my house, accompanied by my ser- 
vant, and many imaginations: and in that manner set on 
towaids the Citie, and though I went on foote, was yet 
borne away flying, by my desires, to come, if not time 
enough to hinder that which was past, yet at least to 
demaund of Don Fernando that he would tell me with what 
conscience or soule he had done it. I arrived where I 
wished within two dayes and a halfe ; and at the entry of 
the Citie I demaunded where Luscinda her father dwelled ? 
and he of whom I first demaunded the question, answered 
me more then I desired to heare : he shewed me the house, 
and recounted to me all that befell at the daughters mar- 
riage, being a thing so publique and knowne in the Citie, 
as men made meetings of purpose to discourse thereof. 
Hee said to me, that the very night wherein Don Fernando 
was espoused to Luscinda, after tnat she had given her con- 
sent to be his wife, shee was instantly assayled by a terrible 
accident, that strucke her into a traunce, and her spouse 
approching to unclaspe her bosome, that she might take the 
ayre, found a paper foulded in it, written with Luscindas 
owne hand, wherein she said and declared, that she could 
not be Don Femando^s wife, because she was already Car- 
denioes, who was, as the man tolde me, a very principall 
Gentleman of the same Citie ; and that if she had given her 
consent to Don Fernando, it was onely done, because she 
would not disobey her parents : in conclusion he tolde mee, 
that the Billet made also mention, how shee had a resolu- 
tion to kill her selfe presently after the marriage, and did 
also lay downe therein the motives she had to doe it All 
which, as they say, was confirmed by a poynard that was 
14 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

found hidden about her in her apparrell. Which Don Fer- CHAPTER 
nando perceiving, presuming that Luscinda did flout him, ^ 

and hold him in little account, hee set upon her ere she was Wherein is 
come to her selfe, and attempted to kill her with the very ^J^coursed 
same poynard ; and had done it, if her father and other pleasant 
friends which were present had not opposed themselves, adventure 
and hindered his determination. Moreover, they reported that hapned 
that presently after Don Fernando absented himselfe from *® l^^\?f*** 
the Citie, and that Luscinda turned not out of her agony [^sierra '' 
untill the next day, and then recounted to her parents Morena. 
how she was verily Spouse to that Cardenio of whom we 
spake even now. I learned besides that Cardenio as it is 
rumoured, was present at the marriage, and that as soone 
as he saw her married, being a thing he would never have 
credited, departed out of the Citie in a desperate moode, 
but first left behinde him a letter, wherein he shewed 
at large the wrong Luscinda had done to him, and 
that hee himselfe meant to goe to some place where 
people should never after heare of him. All this was 
notorious, and publiquely bruited throughout the Citie, 
and every one spoke thereof, but most of all having 
very soone after understood that Luscinda was missing 
from her Parents house and the Citie ; for shee could not 
be found in neyther of both : for which her parents were 
almost beside themselves, not knowing what meanes to use 
to finde her. 

These newes reduced my hopes againe to their rancks, 
and I esteemed it better to find Don Fernando unmarried 
then married, presuming that yet the gates of my remedy 
were not wholly shut, I giving my selfe to understand that 
heaven had peradventure set that impediment on the second 
marriage, to make him understand what hee ought to the 
first ; and to remember, how he was a Christian, and that 
he was more obliged to his soule then to humane respects. 
I revolved all these things in my minde, and comfortlesse 
did yet comfort my selfe, by faining large yet languishing 
hopes, to sustaine that life which I now do so much abhor. 
And whilest I staide thus in the Citie, ignorant what I 
might doe, seeing I found not Don Fernando, I heard a 

15 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER cryer goe about publikely, promisiDg great rewards to any 
^ one that could finde me out, giving signes of the very age 

Wherein is and apparrell I wore. And I likewise heard it was bruited 
the^ewwid *^^^^' ^^^^ *^^ youth which came with me had carried 
pleasant ^^ away from my fathers house. A thing that touched 

adventure my soule very neerely, to view my credit so greatly wrackt, 
thathapned seeing that it was not sufficient to have lost it by my 
*^d^B^e*** comminff away, without the addition him with whom I 
in Sierra ^' departed, being a subject so base and unworthy of my 
Morena. lottier thoughts. Having heard this crie, I departed out 

of the Citie with my servant : who even then be^n to give 
tokens that he faultred in the fidelitie he had promised 
to me: and both of us together entred the very same 
night into the most hidden parts of this mountaine, fear- 
ing lest we might be found. But as it is commonly said, 
that one evill cals on another, and that the end of one 
disaster is the beginning of a greater, so proved it with 
me ; for my good servant, untill then faithfull and trustie, 
rather incitea by his owne villany then my beautie, thought 
to have taken the benefite of the oportunity which these 
inhabitable places offered ; and sollicited me of love, with 
little shame and lesse feare of God, or respect of my 
selfe: and now seeing that I answered his impudencies 
with severe and reprehensive words, leaving the mtreaties 
aside, wherewithal! hee thought first to have compast 
his will, he beganne to use his force. But just heaven 
which seldome or never neglects the iust mans assistance, 
did so favour my proceedings, as with my weake forces, 
and very little labour, I threw him downe a steepe rocke, 
and there I left him, I know not whether alive or dead. 
And presently I entred in among these mountaines, with 
more swiftnesse then my feare and wearinesse required ; 
havinfi^ therein no other project or desiime, then to hide 
my Jfe in them, and shunni my father Ind othe», which 
by his intreaty and meanes sought for me everywhere. 
Some moneths are past since my first comming here, 
where I found a Heardman, who carried me to a village 
seated in the midst of these rockes, wherein he dwelled 
and intertained me, whom I have served as a Sheepheard 
16 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

ever since, procuring as much as lay in me to abide still in CHAPTER 
the fielde, to cover these haires, which have now so unex- ^ 

pectedly betraide me. Yet all my C£ure and industry was Wherein is 
not very beneficiall, seeing my Master came at last to the ^iscoureed 
notice that I was no man, but a woman, which was an pi^i^i^* 
occasion that the like evill thought sprung in him, as before adventure 
in my servant. And as fortune gives not alwayes remedie that hi^ued 
for the difficulties which occurre, I found neither rocke *® ***® C^*® 
nor downefall to coole and cure my Masters infirmitie, as I *„ sierra '' 
had done for my man : and therefore I accounted it a lesse Morena. 
inconvenience to depart thence, and hide my selfe againe 
among these desarts, then to adventure the triall of my 
strength or reason with him. Therefore, as I say, I turned 
to imboske my selfe, and search out some place, where, 
without any encumbrance I might intreat heaven with my 
sighes and teares, to have compassion on my mishap ; and 
lend me industry and favour, eyther to issue fortunately 
out of it, or else to die amidst these solitudes, not leaving 
any memory of a wretch, who hath ministred matter, 
although not through her owne default, that men 
may speake and murmure of her, both in her 
owne and in other countries. 



2:C 17 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["«. 



CHAPTER II 

Which treates of the discretion of the beautiftill 
Dorotea, and the artdficiall manner used to dis- 
swade the amorous Knight from continuing his pen- 
ance : and how hee was gotten away ; with many 
other ddightfull and pleasant occurrences. 

nl HIS is, Sirs, the true relation of my Tragedie : 
see therefore now and judee, whether the 
sighes you heard, the wonis to which you 
listened, and the teares that gushed out 
at mine eyes, have not had sufficient occa- 
sion to appe&re in greater abundance : and 
having considered the quality of my dis- 
grace ; you shall perceive all comfort to 
bee vaine, seeing tne remedie thereof is impoEsible. Only 
I will request at your hands one favour wnich vou ought 
and may easily grant, and is that you will addresse me 
unto some placie, where I may live secure from the feare and 
suspition I have to he found by those which I know do 
daily travel in my pursuit : for although I am sure that my 
parents great affection towards me, doth warrant me to m 
kindly received and intertained by them : yet the shame is 
BO great that poasesieth me, onely to thinke that I shall 
not retume to their presence in that state which they ex- 
pect, as I account it farre better to banish my selfe from 
their sight for ever, then once to beholde their face, with the 
least suspition that they againe would behold mine divorced 
&om that honestie which whilome my modest behaviour 
promised. Here she ended, and her face suddenly over-run 
by a lovely scarlet, perspicuously denoted the feeling and 
Mshfulnesse of her soule. 
The audients of her sad storie, felt great motions both 
18 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

of pitie and admiration for her misfortunes : and although CHAPTER 
the Curate thought to comfort and counsell her forUi- ^^ 

with, yet was he prevented by Cardenio, who taking her Which treates 
first by the hand, said at last; Ladie, thou art the beauti- <>f *^© ^*- 
full Dorotea, daughter unto rich Cleonardo. Dorotea rested t^^^Jji 
admired when she heard her fathers name, and saw of how Dorotea and 
little value he seemed, who had named him. For we have the artificiall 
already recounted how raggedly Cardenio was clothed ; and nnanner used 
therefore she said unto him, And who art thou, friend, that ^ ^isswade 
knowest so well my fathers name ; for untill this houre Knight from 
(if I have not forgotten my selfe) I did not once name continuing 
him throughout the whole Discourse of my unfortunate his penance: 
tale ? I am (answered Cardenio) the unluckie Knight, *°^ ^^^ ^^ 
whom Luscinda (as thou saidst) affirmed to be her husband. J^^^Jh 
I am the disastrous Cardenio, whom the wicked proceeding many 'other 
of him that hath also brought thee to those termes wherein delightfull 
thou art, hath conducted me to the state in which I am, *^d pleasant 
and thou mayest beholde ragged, naked, abandoned by al ^^^^^n^^^^c^ 
humane comfort : and what is worse, voyde of sense ; seeing 
I onely enjoy it but at some few short times, and that, 
when heaven pleaseth to lend it me. I am hee, Dorotea, 
that was present at Don Femando^s unreasonable wed- 
ding, and tnat heard the consent which Luscinda gave him 
to be his wife. I was hee, that had not the courage to 
stay and see the end of her traunce, or what became of 
the paper found in her bosome. For my soule had not 
power or sufferance, to behold so many disventures at 
once, and therefore abandoned the place and my patience 
together, and onely left a Letter with mine Hoste, whom I 
intreated to deliver it into Luscinda her owne hands, and 
then came into these desarts, with resolution to end in 
them my miserable life, which since that houre I have 
hated as my most mortall enemie. But fortune hath 
not pleased to deprive me of it, thinking it sufficient 
to have impaired my wit, perhaps reserving me for the 

?;ood successe befalne me now in finding of your selfe; 
or that being true (as I beleeve it is) which you have 
here discoursed, perad venture it may have reserved yet 
better hap for us both in our disasters then we doe expect. 

19 



i 



CHAPTER 
II 

Which treates 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
beautifiill 
Dorotea, and 
the artificiall 
manner used 
to diaswade 
the amorouB 
Knight from 
continuing 
hii penance: 
and how hee 
was gotten 
away; with 
many other 
delightfuU 
and pleasant 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

For presupposing that Luscinda cannot marry with Don 
Fernando, because she is mine, nor Don Fernando with her 
because yours: and that she hath declared so manifestly 
the same : we may well hope that heaven hath meanes to 
restore to every one that which is his owne, seeing it yet 
consists in bein^ not made away, or anihilated. And 
seeing this comu>rt remaines, not sprung from any very 
remote hope, nor founded on idle surmises, I request thee 
faire Ladie to take another resolution in thine honourable 
thought, seeing I meane to doe it in mine, and let us 
accommodate our selves to expect better successe. For I doe 
vow unto thee by the faith of a Grentleman and Christian, 
not to forsake thee, untill I see thee in Don Femandoes 
possession, and when I shall not by reasons be able to 
induce him to acknowledge how farre he rests indebted 
to thee, then will I use the liberty graunted to me as 
a Grentleman, and with just title challenge him to the 
fielde, in respect of the wrong he hath done unto thee; 
forgetting wholly mine owne injuries, whose revenge I will 
leave to heaven, that I may be able to right yours on 
earth. 

Dorotea rested wonderfully admired having knowne and 
heard Cardenio, and ignoring what competent thankes she 
might retume him in satisfaction of his large offers, she cast 
her selfe downe at his feet to have kist them, which Cardenio 
would not permit: and the Licenciat emswered for both, 
praising greatly Cardenios discourse: and chiefely intreated, 
prayed, and counselled them, that they would goe with him 
to his village, where they might fit themselves with such 
things as they wanted, and also take order how to search 
out Don Fernando, or carrie Dorotea to her fathers house, 
or doe else what they deemed most convenient. Cardenio 
and Dorotea gratified his courtesies, and accepted the 
favour hee proffered. The Barber also, who had stood all 
the while silent and suspended, made them a prettie Dis- 
course, with as friendly an offer of himselfe, and his service 
as Master Curate ; and likewise did briefly relate the occasion 
of their comming thither, with the extravagant kinde of 
madnesse which Don-Quixote had, and how they expected 

SO 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

now his Squires retume, whom they had sent to search for CHAPTER 
him. Cardenio having heard him named, remembred pre- ^^ 

sently as in a dreame the conflict past betweene them both, ^Vhich treates 
and recounted it unto them, but could not in any wise call ^^ *^® ^'f^fi, 
to minde the occasion thereof. l)eautMl ^ 

By this time they heard one call for them, and knew by Dorotea, and 
the voyce, that it was Sancho Pan9as, who because hee the artiiiciall 
found them not in the place where he had left them, cryed manner used 
out for them as loudly as he might. They went to meete the amioroug 
him, and demaunding for Don-Quixote, he answered, that Kuight from 
he found him all nalced to his shirt, leane, yellow, almost continuing 
dead for hunger, and sighing for his Lady Dulcinea : and his penance : 
although he had tolde him, how she commaunded him ^ JL 
to repayre presently to Toboso, where she expected him : away; with 
yet notwithstanding he answered that he was determined many other 
never to appeare before her beautie, untill he had done delightfull 
Feats that snould make him worthy of her gracious favor. *"^ pleasant 
And then the Squire affirmed if that humor passed on any 
further, hec feared his Lord would be in danger never to 
become an Emperour as he was bound in honour, no nor 
a Cardinall, which was the least that could be expected of 
him. The Licenciat bid him be of good cheere, for they 
would bring him from thence whether he would or no; 
and recounted to Cardenio and Dorotea, what they had 
bethought for Don-Quixotes remedie, or at le€ist for the 
canying of him home to his house. To that Dorotea 
answered, that she would counterfeit the distressed Ladie 
better then the Barber ; and chiefly seeing shee had apparell 
wherewithall to act it most naturally. And therefore de- 
sired them to leave to her charge the representing of all 
that which should bee needfuU for the atchieving of their 
designe ; for she had read many books of Knighthood, and 
knew well the stile that distressed damzels used, when they 
requested any favour of Knights adventurous. And then 
neede we nothing else, quoth the Curate, but onely to put 
our purpose presently in execution. For questionlesse good 
successe tumes on our side, seeing it hath so unexpectedly 
begun alrcadie to open the gates of your remedy, and hath 
also facilitated for us that wherof we had most necessity in 

21 



CHAPTER 
II 

Which treates 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
beautifull 
Dorotea^ and 
the artiiiciall 
manner used 
to disswade 
the amorous 
Knight from 
continuing 
his penance: 
and how hee 
was gotten 
away; with 
many other 
delightfuU 
and pleasant 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

this exigent. Dorotea tooke forthwith out of her pillow- 
beare a whole gowne of very rich stuffe, and a short mantle 
of another greene stuffe, and a collar and many other rich 
jewels out of a boxe, wherewithal! she adorned her selfe in 
a trice so gorgeously, as shee seemed a very rich and goodly 
Ladie. All which and much more she had brought with 
her as she said from her house, to prevent what might 
happen, but never had any use of them, untill then. Her 
grace, gesture and beautie liked them all extremely, and 
made them account Don Fernando to be a man oi little 
understanding, seeing he contemned such feature. But he 
which was most of cul admired was Sancho Panca, because, 
as he thought (and it was so indeed) that he had not in 
all the dayes of his life before seene so faire a creature: 
and he requested the Curate very seriously to tell him who 
that beautifull Ladie was? and what she sought among 
those through-fares ? This faire Lady, friend Sancho, an- 
swered the Curate, is (as if a man said nothing, she is so 
ffreat) heire apparent by direct line of the mighty Eing- 
aome of Micomicon, and comes in the search of your Lord, 
to demaund a boone of him, which is, that he will destroy 
and undoe a great wrong done unto her by a wicked 
Giant; and through the great fame which is spread over 
all Guinea of your Lords prowesse, this Princesse is come to 
finde him out. A happy searcher, and a fortunate finding, 
quoth Sancho, and chiefly, if my Master be so happie as to 
right that injurie, and redresse that wrong by killing that, 
O ! the mighbr lubber of a Giant whom you say : yes, he 
will kill him, I am very certaine, if he can once but meete 
him, and if he be not a spirit ; For my Master hath no 
kinde of power over spirits. But I must request one favour 
of you among others most earnestly, good Mr. Licenciat, and 
tis, that to the end my Lord may not take an humour of 
becomming a Cardinal! (which is the thing I feare most in 
this world) that you will give him counsel! to marry this 
Princesse presently, and by that meanes he shall remaine 
incapable of the dignitie of a Cardinal!, and will come very 
easily by his Empyre, and I to the end of my desires : for I 
have thought well of the matter, and have K>und that it is 
22 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in DO wise expedient that my Lord should become a Car- CHAPTER 

dinall ; for I am wholly unfit for any Ecclesiasticall dignitie, II 

seeing I am a married man: and therefore to trouble my Wliichtreates 

selfe now with seekinir of dispensations to injoy Church- ofthedis- 

livings, having as I have both wife and children, were ^'^^"fj*,!*^" 

never to end : so that all my good consists, in that my Dorotea, and 

Lord do marry this Princesse instantly, whose name yet the artificiall 

I know not, and therfore I have not said it. She is manner used 

hight (quoth the Curate) the Princesse Micomicona, for to disswade 
1 ® xr« ^ J i_ • 11 J -m^' • -x • 'J T 1- the amorous 

her Kmgdome bemg called Micomicon, it is evident she Knight from 

must be termed so. That is questionlesse, quoth Sancho, continuing 
for I have knowne many to take their denomination and his penance: 
surname from the place of their birth, calling themselves *"^ ^^Zl^^ 
Peter of Alcala, John of Ubeda, and lames of Valedolid: ^way^wiSi 
and perhaps in Guinea Princes and Queenes use the many'other 
same custome, and call themselves by the names of their delightMl 
Provinces. ^^ pleasant 

So I thinke, quoth the Curate: and as touching your ^occurrences. 
Masters marriage with her, I will labour therein as much 
as lies in my power. Wherewithall Sancho remained as 
well satisfied, as the Curate admired at his simplicitie, and 
to see how firmely he had fixed in his fantasie the very 
ravings of his Master, seeing he did beleeve without doubt 
that his Lord should become an Emperour. Dorotea in 
this space had gotten upon the Curates Mule, and the 
Barber had somewhat better fitted the beard which he 
made of the Oxes tayle on his face, and did after intreat 
Sancho to guide them to the place where Don-Quixote was, 
and advertised him withall, that he should in no wise take 
any notice of the Curate or Barber, or confesse in any sort 
that he knew them, for therein consisted all the meanes of 
bringing Don-Quixote to the minde to become an Emperour. 
Yet Cardenio would not goe with them, fearing lest tnereby 
Don-Quixote might call to minde their contention : and the 
Curate thinking also that his presence was not expedient, 
remained with him, letting the others goe before, and these 
followed a farre off faire and softly on foot, and ere they 
departed, the Curate instructed Dorotea a new, what she 
should say, who bid him to feare nothing, for she would 

28 



CHAPTER 
II 

Which treates 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
beautiful! 
Dorotea, and 
the artificial! 
manner used 
to disswade 
the amorous 
Knight from 
continuing 
his penance : 
and how hee 
was gotten 

many other 
delightful! 
and pleasant 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

discharge her part to his satisfaction, and as bookes of 
Chivalne required and laid downe. 

They travelled about three quarters of a league, as they 
espied the Knight, and at last they discovered him among a 
number of intricate rocks, all apparelled but not armed: 
and as soone as Dorotea beheld him, she strucke her Fal- 
fray, her well bearded Barber following her: and as they 
approached Don-Quixote, the Barber leaped lightly down 
from his Mule, and ranne towards Dorotea to take her downe 
betweene his armes, who allighting, went with a very good 
grace towards Don-Quixote, and kneeled before him. And 
although hee strived to make her arise, yet she remaining 
still on her knees, spake to him in this manner : I will not 
arise from hence tnrice valourous and approoved Knight, 
untill your bountie and courtesie shall grant unto me one 
boone, which shall much redound unto your honour and 
prize of your person, and to the profit of the most discon- 
solate and wronged Damzell that tlie Sunne hath ever 
scene. And if it be so, that the valour of your invincible 
arme be correspondent to the bruite of your immortall 
fame, you are obliged to succour this comfortlesse Wight, 
that comes from lands so remote, to the sound of your 
famous name, searching you for to remedie her mishaps. 
I will not answere you a word, faire Lady, quoth Don- 
Quixote, nor heare a jot of your affaire, untill you arise 
f^om the ground. I will not get up from hence, my Lord, 
quoth the afflicted Ladie, if first of your wonted Dountic 
you doe not grant to my request. I doe give and grant it, 
said Don-Quixote, so that it be not a thing that may tume 
to the dammage or hinderance of my Kin^, my countrey, or 
of her that keepes the key of my heart and liberty. It shall 
not turne to the dammage or hinderance of those you have 
said, good Sir, replied the dolorous Damzell ; and as she 
was saying this, Sancho Pan^a rounded his Lord in the 
eare, saying softly to hun ; Sir, you may very well grant the 
request she asketh, for it is a matter of nothing, it is onely 
to kIU a monstrous Giant, and shee that demands it is the 
mightie Princesse Micomicona Queene of the great Kingdome 
of Micomicon in Ethiopia. Let her be what she will, quoth 

S4 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

DoD-Quixote, for I will accomplish what I am bound, and CHAPTER 
my conscience shal informe me conformable to the state I 1^ 

have professed : and then turning to the Damsell, he said, Which treates 



Let your great beautie arise, for I grant to you any boone ®^ *^® ^^ 
which vou shall please to aske of me. Why then quoth the ^^^^u 
Damsell that which I demand is, that your magnanimous Dorotea^ and 



person come presently away with mee, to the place where I the artificiall 
shall carry you, and doe likewise make me a promise, not to maimer used 
undertake any other adventure or demaund untill you revenge ^ "wswade 
me upon a traytour who hath, against all lawes both divine Kni^fht from 
and humane, usurped my kingdome. I say that I grant conidnuing 
you all that quoth Don-Quixote, and therefore Ladie you his penance: 
may cast away from this day forward all the melancholy *°^ ^^Z^^ 
that troubles you, and labour that your languishing and ^^^ ^^ 
dismaied hopes may recover againe new strength and cour- many' other 
a£e, for by the helpe of God, and that of mine arme you delight^ 
shall see your selfe shortly restored to your kingdome, and *^^ pleasant 
enthronized in the chayre of your ancient and great estate, ®<5<5»*"*^<5®"" 
in despite and maugre the traytors that shall dare gainesay 
it: and therefore Hands to the worke, for they s^, that 
danger alwayes followes delay. The distressed Damsell 
strove with much ado to kisse his hand : but Don-Quixote, 
who was a most accomplished Knight for courtesie, would 
never condescend thereunto, but making her arise, he im- 
braced her with great kindenesse and respect ; and com- 
maunded Sancho to saddle Rozinante, and helpe him to arme 
himselfe. Sancho tooke downe the armes forthwith, which 
hung on a tree like trophies, and searching the guirts armed 
his Lord in a moment, who seeing himselfe armed said. Let 
us in Gods name depart from hence to assist this great 
Lady. The barber kneeled all this while, and could with 
much adoe dissemble his laughter, or keepe on his beard 
that threatned still to fall off; with whose fall perhaps, 
they should all have reqiained without bringing their good 
purpose to passe : and seeing that the boone was granted, 
ana noted the diligence wherewithall Don -Quixote made 
himselfe ready to depart and accomplish the same: hee 
arose and tooke his Ladie by the hand, and both of them 
together holpe her upon her Mule: and presently after, 
2:D 26 



CHAPTBR 
II 

Which treates 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
heautifiill 
Dorotea^ and 
the artificial! 
manner used 
to diaswade 
the amorous 
Knifhtfrom 
contmuing 
his penance: 
and now hee 
was gotten 
away; with 
many other 
delightfuU 
and pleasant 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

Don-Quixote leaped on Rozinante, and the Barber got up on 
his beast, Sancho onely remayning a foote : where hee a fresh 
renued the memory of the losse of his gray Asse, with the 
want procured to him thereby. But all this he bore with 
very great patience, because he supposed that his Lord was 
now in the way, and next degree to be an Emperour : for 
he made an infallible account that he would marry that 
Princesse, and at least be King of Micomicon : but yet it 
grieved him to thinke how that S[ingdome was in the 
countrey of blacke Moores, and that therefore the Nation 
which should be given to him for his vassals, should be all 
blacke: for whioi diificultie his imagination coyned pre- 
sently a good remedie : and he discoursed with himselie in 
this manner : Why should I care, though my subjects be all 
blacke Moores, is there any more to be done, then to loade 
them in a ship, and bring them into Spaine, where I may 
sell them, and receive the price of them in readie money ? 
And with that money may I buy some title or Office, wherein 
I may after live at mine ease all the daies of my life ? No ! 
but sleepe, and have no wit, nor abilitie to dispose of things, 
and to sell thirtie or ten thousand vassailes in the space that 
one would say, give me those strawes. I will dispatch them 
all, they shall nie the little with the great, or as I can best 
contrive the matter. And be they ever so blacke, I will 
transforme them into white or yellow ones ; come neere 
and see whether I cannot sucke well my fingers ends : And 
thus he travailed so soUicitous and glad, as he quite forgot 
his paine of travailing a foote. Cardenio and the Curate stood 
in the meane time beholding all that passed from behind 
some brambles, where they lay lurking, and where in doubt 
what meanes to use to issue and joyne in company with them. 
But the Curate who was an ingenious and prompt plotter, 
devised instantly what was to bee done, that they might 
attaine their desire, thus he tooke out of his case a payre of 
sheares, and cut ofi^ Cardenioes beard therewithall in a trice, 
and then gave unto him to weare a riding Capouch which 
he himselfe had on, and a blacke cloake ; and himselfe walked 
in a dublet and hose. Cardenio thus attired looked so 
unlike that he was before, as he would not have knowne 
S6 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

himselfe in a looking glasse. This being finished, and the CHAPTER 
others eone on before whilst they disguised themselves, ^ 

they sallied out with facility to the high way before Don- Whichta^atea 
Quixote or his company, for the rocks ana many other ®£^® ^f^fi, 
bad passages did not permit those that were a horsebacke, ^eauSidl * 
to make so speedie an end of their journey as they : €md Dorotea^ and 
when they had thorowly past the mountaine, they expected the artificiall 
at the foot thereof for the Knight and his compeuiie : and manner used 
when the Knight appeared, the Curate looked on him very Jhe Imorous 
earnestly for a great space, with inkling that he beganne to Knight from 
know him : and after he had a good while beheld him, he continuing 
ranne towards him with his armes spread abroad, saying, In a ^^w penance: 

irood houre be the mirrour of all Knifichthood found and my ^^ *^®?T ^^ 

• was ffWEten 

noble country-man Don-Quixote of the Mancha, the flower away • with 
and the creame of Grentilitie, the shaddow and remedie of many'other 
the afflicted and the Quintessence of Knights Errant : and delightfull 
saying this he held Don-Quixote his left thigh embraced. *"^ pleasant 
Who, admiring at that which he heard that man to say and ^^^'*"*°®®*' 
do, did also review him with attention, and finally knew 
him, and all amazed to see him, made much ado to alight, 
but the Curate would not permit him : wherefore Don- 
Quixote said, good Master I^cenciat permit me to alight, 
for it is in no sort decent that I be a horsebacke, and 
so reverend a person as you goe on foot. I will never 
consent thereunto, quoth the Curate, your highnes must 
needs stay on horsebacke, seeing that thereon you are 
accustomed to atchieve the greatest feats of Chivalrie and 
adventures, which were ever scene in our age. For it 
shall suffice me, who am an unworthy Priest, to get up 
behinde some one of these other Gentlemen that ride in 
your company, if they will not take it in bad part, yea, 
and I will make account that I ride on Pegasus, or the 
* Zebra of the famous Moore Muzaraquc, who lies yet in- ^A strange 
chanted in the steepe rocke (^ulema, neere unto Alcala of ^^?^ 
Henares. Truely I did not thinke upon it good Master f^vels ver^* 
Licenciat, answered Don-Quixote, yet I presume that swiftly. 
my Lady the Princesse will be well appaide for my sake 
to commaund her Squire to lend you the use of his 
saddle, and to get up himselfe on the Croper, if so it 

87 



CHAPTER 
II 



Which 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
heautifuU 
Dorotea, and 
the artificiall 
manner lued 
to diMwade 
the amorous 
Knight firmn 
eontinaing 
hit penance: 
andhowhee 



gotten 
awaj; with 
manj other 
deligh^aU 
•n^ pleannt 
occ n rre n cei. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

be that the beast will beare double. Yes that it will, 
said the Princesse, for ought I know, and likewise I am 
sure it will not be necessary to commaund my Squire to 
alight, for he is of himselfe so courteous and courtly, as 
he will in no wise condiscend that an Ecclesiasticall man 
should go a foote, when he may helpe him to a horse. 
That is most certaine, quoth the Barber; and saying so 
he alighted, and intreated the Curate to take the saddle ; 
to which courtesie he did easily condescend. But by eviU 
fortune, as the Barber thought to leape up behind him : the 
Mule which was in effect a hired one (and that is sufficient 
to say it was unhappy) did lift a little her hinder quarters, 
and oestowed two or three flings on the ayre, which, had 
they hit on Master Nicholas his Brest or pate, he would have 
bequeathed the quest of Don-Quixote upon the Divill : but 
notwithstanding the Barber was so afihghted, as he fell on 
the ground with so little heed of his beard, as it fell quite 
off, and lay spread upon the ground : and perceiving himselfe 
without it, he had no other shift, but to cover his face with 
both his handes, and complaine that all his cheeke-teeth were 
strucken out. Don-Quixote beholding such a great sheafe 
of a beard falne away, without jaw or bloud from the face, 
he said, I vow, this is one of the greatest miracles that ever 
I saw in my life ; it hath taken and pluckt away his beard, 
as smoothly as if it were done of purpose. The Curate 
beholding the danger wherein their invention was like to 
incurre if it were detected, went forthwith, and taking up 
the beard, came to Master Nicholas that lay still a playing, 
and with one push bringing his head towards his owne 
brest, he set it on againe, murmuring the while over him 
oertaine words, which he said were a certaine prayer, appro- 
priated to the setting on of falne beards, as they should 
soone perceive : Ana so having set it on handsomly, the 
Squire remained as well bearded and whole as ever he 
was in his life : whereat Don-Quixote rested marvellously 
admired, and requested the Curate to teach him that 
prayer when they were at leasure. For he supposed that 
the vertue thereof extended it selfe farther then to the 
fastning on of beards ; since it was manifest that the place 
28 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

whence the beard was torne, must have remained with- CHAPTER 
out flesh, wounded and il-dight; and seeing it cured all, ^^ 

it must of force serve for more then the beard. It is >Vliichtxeatei 
true, replyed Master Curate ; and then promised to instruct ®^ *^® ^^f^t h 
him with the secret, with the first oportunity that was beautifuU 
presented. Dorotea, and 

Then they agreed that the Curate should ride first on the the artifioiall 
Mule, and after him the other two, each one by tumes r!l^°®^^®^ 
untill they arrived to the Inne, which was about some two ^^ Imorous 
leagues thence. Three being thus mounted, to wit, Don- Knight from 
Quixote, the Princesse €Uid Curate, and the other three on continuing 
foote, Cardenio, the Barber, and Sancho Pan9a. Don-Quixote hw penance: 
said to the damzell. Madam, let me intreat your highnesse *^ ffottra* 
to leade me the way that most pleaseth you. And before away; with 
she could answere, the Licenciat said, Towards what King- many otiier 
dome would you travell ? Is it by fortune towards that of delightfull 
Micomicon ? I suppose, it should be thitherwards, or else ^^ pleasant 
I know but little of Kingdomes. She, who knew very well 
the Curates meaning, and was her selfe no babe, answered, 
saying ; Yes Sir, my way lies towards that Kingdome. If 
it be so, quoth the Curate, you must passe tnorow the 
village where I dwell, and from thence direct your course 
towards Cartagena, where you may luckily embarke your 
selves. And if you have a prosperous winde, and a quiet 
and calme Sea, you may come within the space of nine 
yeares to the sight of the Lake Meona, I meane Meolidas, 
which stands on this side of your Highnesse Kingdome some 
hundred dayes journey or more. I take you to be deceived 
good Sir, quoth shee ; for it is not yet fully two yeares 
since I departed from thence; and truely I never almost 
had any laire weather, and yet notwithstanding I have 
arrived, and come to see that which I so mucn longed 
for, to wit, the presence of the worthy Don-Quixote of the 
Mancha, whose renowne came to my notice as soone as 
I touched the earth of Spaine with my foote, and moved 
me to search for him, to commend my selfe to his courtesie, 
and commit the justice of my cause to the valour of his 
invincible arme. No more, quoth Don-Quixote, I cannot 
abide to heare my selfe praysed. For I am a swome 

39 



CHAPTER 
II 

Which treatei 
of the dis- 
cretion of the 
heautifuU 
Dorotea^ and 
the artifidall 
manner used 
to diwwade 
the amorous 
Kniffhtfrom 
contmuing 
his penance: 
and how hee 
was gotten 
away; with 
many other 
delightfuU 
and pleasant 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

enemy of all adulation. And although this be not such, 
yet notwithstanding the like discourses do offend my 
chaste eares. What I can say to you, faire Princesse 
is, that whether I have valour or not ; that which I have 
or have not, shalbe imploied in your service, even to the 
very losse of my life. And so omitting that til his 
time, let me intreat good Master Ldcenciat, to tell me the 
occasion which hath brought him heere to these quarters 
so alone, without attendants, and so slightly attired, as 
it strikes me in no little admiration ? To this I will an- 
swere with brevity, quoth the Curate : You shall under- 
stand that Master Nicolas the Barber, our very good friend, 
and my selfe, travelled towards Sivill, to recover certaine 
summes of money, which a kinseman of mine, who dwek this 
many yeeres in the Indias hath sent unto me. The summe 
is not a little one, for it surmounted seventy thousand Rials 
of eight, all of good waight : see if it was not a rich gift. 
And passing yesterday through this way, we were set upon 
by foure robbers, which dispoiled us of all, even to our very 
beardes, and that in such sort, as the Barber was forced to 
set on a counterfeit one: and this yong man that goeth 
here with us (meaning Cardenio) was transformed by them 
anew. And the best of it is, that it is publikely oruited 
about all this Commarke, that those which surprized us, 
were Gralley-slaves, who were set at liberty, as it is reported, 
much about this same place, by so valiant a Sjiight, as in 
despite of the Commissarie and the guard he freed them all. 
And questionlesse hee either was wood, or else as great a 
knave as themselves, or some one that wanted botn soule 
and conscience, seeing he let slip the Wolves amidst the 
Sheepe, the Foxe among the Hennes, and Flies hard by 
Home, and did frustrate justice, rebell against his naturaU 
Lord and King, for he did so by oppugning his just com- 
mandements, and hath deprived the Gallies of their feete, 
and set all the Holy brotherhood in an uprore, which hath 
reposed these many yeares past. And finally, would doe an 
act, by which he should lose his soule, and yet not gaine his 
bodie. Sancho had rehearsed to the Curate and Barber the 
adventure of the slaves, which his Lord had accomplished with 
80 



■V] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

such glorie ; and therefore the Curate did use this vehemencie CHAPTER 
as he repeated it, to see what Don-Quixote would say or ^^ 

doe, whose colour changed at every word, and durst not Whichtreatos 
confesse that he was himselfe, and the deliverer of that good ^r^m^'thB 
people ; and these, quoth the Curate, were they that have beautifull 
robbed us: and God of his infinite mercy peutlon him Dorotra, etc 
who hmdered their going to receive the punish- 
ment they had so well deserved. 



CHAPTER III 

Of many pleasant discourses passed betweene 

Don-Quixote, and those of his companie, 

after he had abandoned the rigorous 

place of his penance. 

CARCB had the Curate finished his speech 
throughly, when Sancho said: By my 
faith, Master Licenciat, he that did that 
tea.te, was my Lord, and that not for want 
of warning, for I told him before hand, 
and advised him, that he should see well 
what he did, and that it was a sinne to 
deliver them, because they were all sent 
to the Gallies for very great villanies they had played. 
You bottlehead, replyed Don-Quijcote, hearing him speake, 
it concemeth not Knights Errant to examine whether the 
afflicted, inchaincd, and oppressed, which they encounter 
by the way, be carried in that fashion, or are plunged 
in that distresse, through their owne default or dis- 
grace ; but onely are obliged to assist them as needie 
and oppressed, setting their eyes upon their paines, and 
not on their crimes. I met with a Rosarie or beades of 
inserted people, sorrowfull and unfortunate, and I did for 
them that which my religion exacts, as for the rest, let 

31 




CHAPTER 
III 

Of many 
pleasant dis- 
courses passed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote^ 
and those of 
his companies 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
penance. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

them verifie it elsewhere: and to whosoever else the holy 
dignitie and honourable person of Master Licenciat ex- 
cepted, it shall seeme evill : I say hee knowes but slightly 
what belongs to Chivalrie ; and hee lies like a whoreson 
and a villaine borne : and this will I make him know with 
the broad side of my sword. These words he said, settling 
himselfe in his stirrups, and addressing his Morion (for the 
Barbers bason, which he accounted to be Mambrino his 
Helmet, he carried hanging at the pomell of his saddle, 
untill he might have it repaired of the crazings the Galley- 
slave had wrought in it.) Dorotea who was very discreete 
and pleasant, and that was by this well acquainted with 
Don-Quixotes faultie humour, and saw all the rest make 
a jest of him, Sancho Pan^a excepted, would also shew her 
conceit to bee as good as some others, and therefore said 
unto him. Sir Enignt, remember your selfe of the boone you 
have promised unto mee, whereunto conforming your selfe, 
you cannot intermeddle in any other adventure, be it ever 
so urgent. Therefore asswage your stomacke, for if Master 
Licenciat had known that the gallislaves were delivered 
by your invincible arme, he would rather have given unto 
himselfe three blowes on the mouth, and also bit his 
tongue thrice then have spoken any word whence might 
result your indignation. That I dare sweare, quoth the 
Curate, yea and oesides tome away one of my Mustachioes. 
Madame said Don-Quixote, I will hold my peace, and 
suppresse the just choler already inkindled in my breast, 
and will ride quietly and peaceably, until I have accom- 
plished the thing I have promised: and I request vou in 
recompence of this my good desire, if it be not displeasing 
to you, to tell mee your grievance, and how many, which, and 
what the persons be, of whom I must take due, sufficient, 
and entjrre revenge? I will promptly performe your will 
herein €uiswered Dorotea, if it will not bee irkesome to 
you to listen to disasters. In no sort good Madam, said 
Don-Quixote: to which Dorotea, answered thus, be then 
attentive to my relation. Scarce had she said so, when 
Cardenio and the Barber came by her side, desirous to 
heare how the discreete Dorotea would faine her tale : and 
82 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the same did Sancho, which was as much deceived in her CHAPTER 

Eerson as his Lord Don-Quixote and she, after dressing ^^^ 

er selfe well in the saddle, bethought and provided her Of many 
selfe whilst she coufi^hed and used other gestures, and then pl®"*^* dis- 
bemn to speake m this manner. betweeiS^ 

First of all good Sirs I would have you note that I am Don-Quixote, 
called : and heere she stood suspended a while, by reason and those of 
she had forgotten the name that the Curate had given *^^ ^^ij"^??}^* 
unto her ; but he presently occurd to her succour, under- abandoned 
standing the cause, and said. It is no wonder great Ladie the rigorous 
that you be troubled and stagger, whilest you recount place of his 
your misfortunes, seeing it is their ordinarie custome penance, 
of disasters to deprive those whom they torment and 
distract their memorie in such sort, as they cannot re- 
member themselves, even of their owne very names; as 
now it proves done in your Highncsse, which forgets it 
selfe, that you are called the Princesse Micomicona law- 
fiill inheritrix of the great Kingdome of M icomicon : and 
with this note, you may easily reduce into your dole- 
full memory, all that which you shall please to rehearse. 
It is very true (quoth the Damsell) and from henceforth 
I thinke it will not be needfuU to prompt me any more; 
for I will arrive into a safe port, with the narration of 
my authenticke Historic: which is, that my father, who 
was called The wise Tinacrio, was very expert in that 
which is called Art Magick, and he knew by his science, 
that my Mother, who was called Queenc Xaramilla should 
die before he deceased, and that he should also passe from 
this life within a while after, and leave me an Orphane, but 
he was woont to say, how that did not afflict his mind so 
much, as that he was very certaine that a huge Giant, 
Lord of a great Hand neere unto my Kingdome, called 
Pandafilando, of the duskie sight: because, although his 
eyes stand in their right places, yet doe they still looke 
a squint, which he doth to terrifie the beholders. I say that 
my father knew, that this Giant when he should heare 
oi his death, would passe with a maine power into my land, 
and deprive me therof, not leaving me the lest village, 
wherein I might hide my head. Yet might all this l>e 
2:£ 88 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of many 
pleasant dis- 
courses pagsed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote^ 
and those of 
his companies 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
penance. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

excused, if I would marry with him, but as he found out 
by his science, he knew I would never condiscend there- 
unto, or incline mine affection to so unequall a marriage : 
and herein he said nothing but truth, for it never past 
once my thought, to espouse that Giant, nor with any 
other, were he ever so unreasonable, great and mightie: 
my father likewise added then, that after his death, I 
should see Landafilando usurpe my Kingdome, and that 
I should in no wise stand to my defence, for that would 

Erove my destruction; but leaving to him the kingdome 
leely without troubles, if I meant to excuse mine owne 
death, and the totall ruine of my good and lovall subjects, 
for it would be impossible to defend my seUe from the 
divellish force of the giant ; I should presently direct my 
course towards Spayne, where I should find a redresse 
of my harmes, bv incountring with a Knight Errant, 
whose fame should extend it selfe much about that 
time throughout that kingdome, and his name should 
be if I forget not my selfe, Don Afote or Don Gigote. 
Ladie, you would say Don-Quixote quoth Sancho Panca, 
or as hee is called by another name, the Sjiight of tne 
ilfavoured face. You have reason replied Dorotea: he 
said moreover, that he should bee high of stature, have 
a withered face, and that on the right side, a little under 
the left shoulder, or thereabouts, he should have a tawny 
spot with certaine haires like to bristles. Don -Quixote 
hearing this said to his Squire, hold my horse heere, sonne 
Sancho; and helpe me to take off mine apparrell, for I 
will see whether I be the Knight, of whom the wise king 
hath prophesied. Why would you now put off your cloaths ? 
quoth Dorotea. To see whether I have that spot which 
your father mentioned, answered Don-Quixote : You need 
not undoe your apparrell for that purpose said Sancho, for 
I know alreadie that you have a spot with the tokens she 
named on the very ridfges of your backe, and argues you to 
bee a very strong man. That is sufficient quoth Dorotea : 
for wee must not looke too neere, or be over curious in 
our friends affaires, and whether it be on the shoulder, or 
ridge of the backe it imports but little : for the substance 
84 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

consists onely in having such a marke, and that wheresoever CHAPTER 
it shall be ; seeing all is one, and the selfe-same flesh : and ^ 

doubtlesly my good father did ayme well at all, and I like- Of many 
wise in commending my selfe to Don-Quixote : for surely he pleasant dia- 
is the man of whom my father spoke, seeing the signes of bet^w^*"^^^ 
his face a^ee with those of the great renowne that is spread Don-Quixote, 
abroad of this Knight, not onely in Spayne, but also in and those of 
iEthiopia : for I had no sooner landed in Osuna, when I ^^ *^®^^??1® 
heard so many of his prowesses recounted, as my minde ^^^^[oned 

five me presently, that hee was the man in whose search ^^ rigorous 
travailed. But how did you land in Osuna good Madam place of his 
quoth Don-Quixote, seeing it is no Sea-towne? Marrie penance, 
sir quoth the Curate, anticipating Dorotea'^s answere, the 
Princesse would say that after she had landed in Malaga, 
the first place wherein she heard tidings of you, was at 
Osuna. So I would have said quoth Dorotea. And it 
may be very wel quoth the Curate, and I desire your 
Majestie to continue your discourse : there needs no farther 
continuation quoth Dorotea, but that finally my Fortune 
hath beene so favourable in finding of Don-Quixote, as I 
doe alreadie hold and account my selfe for Queene and 
Ladie of all mine estate, seeing that hee of his wonted 
bountie and magnificence hath promised mee the boone 
to accompany me wheresoever I shall guide him, which 
shall be to none other place then to set him before Panda- 
filando of the duskie sight, to the end you may sley him, 
and restore mee to that which hee hath so wrongfully 
usurped: for all will succeed in the twinkling of an eye, 
as the wise Tinacrio my good father hath already foretold : 
who said moreover, and also left it written in Chaldaicall 
or Greeke characters, (for I cannot read them,) that if the 
Knight of the Prophecie, after having beheaded the Giant, 
would take me to wife, that I should in no sort refuse him, 
but instantly admitting him for my Spouse, make him at 
once possessor of my selfe and my Kingciome. 

What thinkest thou of this friend Sancho ? quoth Don- 
Quixote then, when he heard her say so: how likest this 
point? did not I tell thee thus much before? see now, 
whether we have not a kingdome to commaund, and a 

S5 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of many 
pleasant dia- 
counes passed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote, 
and those of 
his companie, 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
penance. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b 

Queene whom wee may marry? I sweare as much quoth 
Sancho, a poxe on the knave that will not marry as soone 
as Master Pandahilado his windepipes are cut. Mount 
then and see whether the Queene bee ill or no: I would 
to God all the fleas of my bed were turned to be such. 
And saying so, he gave two or three friskles in the ayre, 
with very great signes of contentment, and presently went 
to Dorotea, and taking her Mule by the bridle he with- 
held it, and laying himselfe downe on his knees before her 
requested her very submissively to give him her hands to 
kisse them, in signe that hee received her for his Queene 
and Ladie. Which of the beholders could abstaine from 
laughter, perceiving the masters madnesse, and the servants 
simplicity P To be briefe, Dorotea must needes give them 
unto him, and promised to make him a great Lord in her 
Eingdome, when heaven became so propitious to her, as 
to let her once recover and possesse it peaceablie. And 
Sancho returned her thankes, with such words as made them 
all laugh a new. 

This is my Historie noble Sirs, quoth Dorotea, whereof 
onely restes untold, that none of all the traine which I 
brought out of my Eingdome to attend on me, is now 
extant, but this well bearded Squire; for all of them were 
drowned in a great storme that overtooke us in the very 
sight of the Harborough, whence hee and I escaped, and 
came to land by the helpe of two plankes, on which we 
laid hold, almost by miracle; as also the whole discourse 
and mysterie of my life seemes none other then a miracle, 
as you might have noted : And if in any part of the relation 
I have exceeded, or not observed a due aecorum, you must 
impute it to that which Master Lecenciat said to the first 
of my History, that continuall paines and afflictions of mind 
depnves them that sufier the like of their memory. That 
shall not hinder mee (O high and valorous Ladie) quoth 
Don-Quixote, from enduring as many as I shall sufier in 
your service be they ever so great or difficult. And there- 
lore I doe anew ratifie and confirme the promise I have 
made, and doe sweare to goe with you to the end of the 
world untill I find out your fierce enemy, whose proud 

S6 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

head I meane to slice ofF by the helpe of God, and my CHAPTER 
valorous arme, with the edge of this (I will not say a good) ^ 

sword: thankes be to Gines of Passamonte, which tooke Of many 
away mine owne: this he said murmuring to himselfe, and P^®***°* ^|*]\ 
then prosecuted saying : and after I have cut it off, and left tetw^iw 
you peaceably in the possession of your state, it shal rest Don-Quixote, 
m your owne will to dispose of your person as you like best, and those of 
For as long as I shall have my memory possessed, and my ^j? companie, 
will captiv^, and my understanding yeelded to her, I will *J^„'donSi 
say no more, it is not possible that ever I may induce my the rigorous 
selfe to marry any other, although shee were a Phoenix. place of his 

That which Don -Quixote had said last of all, of not penance, 
marrying, disliked Sancho so much, as lifting his voyce 
with great anger, he said, I vow and sweare by my selfe, 
that you are not in your right wits. Sir Don-Quixote: 
for how is it possible, that you can call the matter of 
contracting so high a Princesse as this is in doubt .^^ do 
you think that Fortune will offer you at every comers 
end the like happe of this which is now proffered ? Is my 
Ladie Dulcinea perhaps more beautifuU .'^ No certainely, 
nor halfe so faire, nay I am rather about to say, that she 
comes not to her shoo that is heere present. In an ill 
howre shall I arrive to possesse that unfortunate Earldome 
which I expect, if you goe thus seeking for Mushrubs in 
the bottome of the Sea : Marry, marry your selfe presently ; 
the divell take you for me, and take that Eingdome comes 
into your hands, and being a King make me presently a 
Marquesse, or Admirall, and instantly after let the divell 
take all if he pleaseth. Don-Quixote, who heard such 
blasphemies spoken against his Ladie Dulcinea, could not 
beare them any longer : and therefore lifting up his laveline 
without speakmg any word to Sancho, gave him therewith- 
all too such blowes as hee overthrew him to the earth : 
and had not Dorotea cried to him, to hold his hand, 
he had doubtlesly slaine him in the place. Thinkest 
thou (quoth he after a while) base peasant, that I shall 
have aiwaies leasiire and disposition to thrust my hand 
into my pouch, and that there be nothing else but thou 
still erring, and I pardoning; and doest not thou think 

87 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of many 
pleasant dis- 
courses passed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote^ 
and those of 
his Gompanie, 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
penance. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

of it (excommunicated rascall) for certainely thou art ex- 
communicated, seeing thou hast talked so oroadly of the 
peerelesse Dulcinea, and doest not thou know, base slave, 
Vagabond, that if it were not for the valour shee infuseth 
into mine arme, that I should not have sufficient forces to 
kill a flea, Say, scoffer with the vipers tongue, who dost 
thou thinke hath gained this kingdome, and cut the head 
of this Giant, and made thee a M arquesse P (For I give all 
this for done alreadie, and for a matter ended and judged) 
but the worthes and valour of Dulcinea : using mine arme 
as the instrument of her act. She fights under my person, 
and overcomes in mee : And I live and breathe in her, and 
from her I hold my life and being. O whoreson villaine, 
how ungratefull art thou, that seest thy selfe exalted out 
from the dust of the earth to be a Nobleman, and yet dost 
repay so great a benefit, with detracting the person that 
bestowed it on thee. 

Sancho was not so sore hurt, but that he could heare all 
his Masters reasons very well : \irherefore arising somewhat 
hastily, hee ranne behmde Dorotea her Palfray, and from 
thence said to his Lord : Tell me Sir if you bee not deter- 
mined to marry with this Princesse, it is most cleere that 
the Kingdome shall not be yours : and if it bee not, what 
favours can you bee able to doe to me P It is of this that 
I complaine me, marrie your selfe one for one with this 
Princesse, now that we have her here, as it were rained to 
us downe from heaven, and you may after tume to my 
Ladie Dulcinea, for I thinke tnere bee Kings in the world, 
that keepe I/cmmons. As for beauty, I will not inter- 
meddle ; for if I must say the truth, each of both is very 
faire, although I have never seene the Ladie Dulcinea. 
How, hast not thou seene her, blasphemous traytor ? quoth 
Don-Quixote, if thou didst but even now bring mee a 
message from her ? I say, quoth Sancho, I have not seene 
her so leisurely, as I might particularly note her beautie 
and good partes one by one, but yet in a clap as I saw them, 
they liked me very well. I doe excuse thee now, said Don- 
Quixote, and paraon me the displeasure which I have given 
unto thee, for the first motions are not in our handes. I see 

88 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that well, quoth Sancho, and that is the reason why talke is CHAPTER 
in me of one of those first motions. And I cannot omit to ^^^ 

speake once at least, that which comes to my tongue. For Of many 
all that Sancho, replied Don-Quixote, see well what thou Pj^J^!^;^ 
speakest, for the earthen pitcher goes so oft to the water, betweene 
I will say no more. Don-Quixote, 

Well then answered Sancho, God is in heaven, who seeth »"d those of 
all these guiles, and shall be one day judge of him that IL^T*^?^®' 
sinnes most, of mee in not speaking well, or of you by not abandoned 
doing well. Lict there be no more, quoth Dorotea ; but the rigorous 
run, Sancho, and kisse your Lords hand, and aske him for- place of his 
givenesse, and from henceforth take more heede how you P«nance. 
praise or dispraise any body, and speake no ill of that Ladie 
Toboso, whom I doe not Know otherwise then to doe her 
service : and have confidence in Grod, for thou shalt not 
want a Lordship wherein thou mayest live like a King. 
Sancho went with his head han^ng downward, and de- 
maunded his Lords hand, which he gave unto him with a 
grave countenance, and after hee had kissed it, he gave 
him his blessing, and said to him, that hee had somewhat 
to say unto him, and therefore bade him to come some- 
what forward that he might speake unto him. Sancho 
obeyed, and both of them gomg a little a side, Don- 
Quixote said unto him, I have not had leisure after thy 
comming to demaund of thee in particular concerning 
the Embassage that thou carriedst, and the answere that 
thou broughtest backe; and therefore now Fortune lends 
us some oportunitie and leisure, doe not denie mee the 
happinesse which thou mayest give me by thy good newes. 
Demaund what you please, quoth Sancho, ana I will an- 
swere you, and I request you good my Lord, that you 
bee not from henceforth so wrathfuU. Why doest thou say 
so, Sancho ? quoth Don-Quixote. I say it, replied Sancho, 
because that these blowes which thou bestowed now, were 
rather given in revenge of the dissention which the Divell 
stirred betweene us two the other night, then for any thing 
I said against my Lady Dulcinea, whom I doe honour and 
reverence as a relike, although she be none, onely because 
she is yours. I pray thee good Sancho, said Don-Quixote, 

S9 



CHAPTER 
III 

Of many 
pleasant dis- 
Gourses passed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote^ 
and those of 
his companies 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
penance. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

fal not againe into those discourses, for they offend me. I 
did pardon thee then, and thou knowest that a new offence 
must have a new penance. 

As they talked thus, they espied a gallant, comming 
towards them, riding on an Asse, and when he drewe 
neere he seemed to be an iGgyptian : but Sancho Panfa, 
who whensoever hee met any Asses, followed them with his 
eyes and his heart, as one that thought still on his owne, 
had scarce eyed him when hee knew that it was Gines of 
Passamonte, and by the looke of the i£gyptian, found out 
the fleece of his Asse, as in truth it was ; for Gines came 
ridinjg on his gray Asse ; who to the end that hee might not 
bee knowne, and also have commodity to sell his beast, 
attired himselfe like an Egyptian, whose language and 
many others he could speake as well as if they were his 
mother tongue. Sancho saw him and knew him : and 
scarce had hee scene and taken notice of him, when he 
cryed out aloude, Ah thiefe, Ginesillo, leave my goods 
behinde thee, set my life loose, and doe not intermeddle 
with my ease. Leave mine Asse, leave my comfort; flie, 
villaine, absent thy selfe, thiefe, and abandon that which 
is none of thine. He needed not to have used so many 
words and frumps, for Gines leaped downe at the very first, 
and beginning a trot that seemed rather to be a gallop, he 
absented himselfe and fled farre enough from them in a 
moment. Sancho went then to his Asse, and imbracing 
him, said, How hast thou done hitherto, my darling and 
treasure, gray Asse of mine eyes, and my dearest companion ? 
and with that stroked and kissed him as if it were a reason- 
able creature. The Asse held his peace, and permitted 
Sancho to kisse and cherish him, without answering a word. 
All the rest arrived, and congratulated with Sancho for the 
finding of his Asse, but chiefly Don-Quixote, who said unto 
him, that notwithstanding that he found his Asse, yet would 
not he therefore annuU his warrant for the three Colts ; for 
which Sancho returned him very great thankes. 

Whilest they two travelled together discoursing thus, the 
Curate said to Dorotea, that she had very discreetly dis- 
charged her selfe, as well in the Historic, as in her brevitie 
40 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and imitation thereof, to the phrase and conceits of books CHAPTER 
of Knighthood : she answered that she did ofttimes reade HI 

books of that subject, but that she knew not where the P*ro- Of many 
vinces lay, nor Sea ports ; and therefore did onely say at pleasant dis- 
randome, that she had landed in Osuna. I knew it was tet^u^***^ 
so, quoth the Curate, and therefore I said what you heard, Don-QuUote, 
wherewithall the matter was souldered. But is it not a and those of 
marvellous thing to see with what facility the unfortunate ^is companies 
Gentleman beleeves all these inventions and lies, onely be- *v^j ^ 
cause they beare the stile and manner of the follies laid ^he rigorous 
downe in his bookes? It is, quoth Cardenio, and that so place of his 
rare and beyond all conceit, as I beleeve, if the like were penance, 
to be invented, scarce could the sharpest wits devise such 
another. There is yet, quoth the Curate, as marvellous a 
matter as that : for leaving apart the simplicities which this 
good Grentleman speakes concerning his frensie, if you will 
commune with him of any other subject whatsoever he will 
discourse on it with an excellent methode, and shew him- 
selfe to have a cleere and pleasing understanding. So that, 
if he be not touched by matters of Chivalry, there is no 
man but will deeme him to be of a sound and excellent 
judgement. 

Don-Quixote on the other side prosecuted his conversing 
with his Squire, whilest the others talked together ; and said 
to Sancho : Let us two, friend Pan^a forget old injuries, and 
say unto mee now, without any rancour or anger, where, 
how, and when didst thou finde my Ladie Dulcinea ? What 
did she when thou camest ? What saidst thou to her ? 
What answered shee? What countenance shewed she as 
shee read my Letter? And who writ it out fairelv for 
thee? Ancf every other thing that thou shalt thinke 
worthy of notice in this affaire, to be demanded or an- 
swered, without either addition or lying, or soothing adula- 
tion : and on the other side doe not abbreviate it, lest 
thou shouldest defraude mee thereby of expected delight. 
Sir, answered Sancho, if I must say the trutn, none copied 
out the Letter for me, for I caried no Letter at alL Thou 
sayest true, quoth Don -Quixote: for I found the Tablets 
wherein it was written, with my selfe, two dayes after 
2:F 41 



CHAPTER 

m 

Of many 
pleasant dia- 
couraes passed 
betweene 
Don-Quixote, 
and those of 
his companies 
after he had 
abandoned 
the rigorous 
place of his 
venaooe. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

thy dep€U*ture, which did meve me exceedingly, because I 

knew not what thou wouldest do, when thou didst perceive 

the want of the Letter, and I alwaies made full account, 

that thou wouldest retume i^aine firom the place where 

thou shouldest first misse it. 1 had done so, quoth Sancho, 

if I had not borne it away in memory, when you read it to 

mee, in such sort, as I said it to a Gierke of a Vestrie, who 

did copie it out of my understanding so point by point, as 

he saia that he never in all the dayes of his life, although 

he had read many a Letter of excommunication, read or 

seene so fine a Letter as it was. And dost thou hold it yet 

in memory, Sancho P quoth Don-Quixote. No, Sir, said 

Sancho, for after I gave it, seeing it served for none other 

purpose, I did willingly forget it. And if I remember any 

thinff, it is that of the mouldy, I would say ^ Soveraigne 

Ladie,^ and the end, * Yours untill death, The Knight of 

the iUfavoured face,^ and I put betweene these two 

things in the Letter three hundred ^soules,^ 

and * lives,^ and ^ sweet eyes."* 



42 




rvl HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER nil 

Of the pleasant discourses continued betweene 

Don-Quixote, and his Squire Sancho Pan^a, 

with other adventures. 

nlLX. this liketh me well, said Don-Quixote, 
therefore say on, thou Anivedst, and what 
was that Queene of Beauty doing then P 
I dare say that thou foundegt her threed- 
ing of Pearls, or imbroidering some curi- 
ous device, with Venice golde for me her 
captive Knight? No that I did not, 
quoth Sancho, but winnowing two bushels 
of Wheate in the yard of her house. Why then, said 
Don-Quixote, thou mayest make account that each come 
of that Wheate was a graine of Pearle, seeing they were 
touched by her delicate hand. And Iriend, didst thou 
note well what the Wheate was, whether of the best or 
ordinarieP It was not but redde, said Sancho. Well 
then I assure thee, answered Don-Quixote, that being sifted 
by her hands, it must needs make very faire bread and 
wnite. But passe forward, when thou didst deliver my 
Letter, did she kisse itP Did she set it on her head P 
Did she use any ceremony worthy of such a Letter? Or 
what did she? When I went to give it unto her, said 
Sancho, she was holding up of her armes with a good quan- 
tity of Wheate that she had in her Sive, and therfore said 
unto me, friend, lay downe that Letter there on the sack, 
for I cannot read it untill I have winnowed all that is here. 
O discreetc Ladle, quoth Don-Quixote, she surely did that, 
because she might read it at leasure, and recreate her selfe 
therewithall. Forward, Sancho and aa long as shee waa 
thus busied, what discourses passed she with thee ? What 
did she demaund of thee concerning me ? And thou, what 
didst thou answere P Say all good Sancho, say all, recount 

43 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER to me every p€u*ticularity, and let not the least immunity 

Iin remaine in tne In ke- home. She demaunded nothing of 

Of the me, quoth Sancho: but I recounted unto her the state 

pleasant J had left you in for her sake, doing of penance, all naked 

discourses from the cyrdle upward amon&: these rockes like a bruit 
continued v . i ® • *^ xu 5 j j.* u j 

betweene beast, sleepmg on the ground, and eating your bread 

Don-Quixote, without Table-clothes, and that you never combed your 

and his Squire beard, but was weeping and cursing your fortune. TOiere 

^*^^^9*» thou saidst ill (quoth Don-Quixote) for I doe not curse 

adventu^. ^7 fortune, but rather blisse it, and will blisse it as 

long as I shall live, seeing it hath made me worthy to 

merite the love of so high a Lady as Dulcinea of Todoso. 

She is in good faith so nigh, answered Sancho, as she sur- 

passeth me almost by a whole cubite. Why how now, 

Sancho, said the Knight, hast thou measured thy selfe with 

herp I did measure my selfe with her in this manner, 

replyed Sancho, that comming over to helpe her to lift up 

a sacke of Wheat on an Asse, we joyned so neere, as I well 

perceived that she was more then a great spanne higher then 

my selfe. That is true, quoth Don-Quixote : but thinkest 

thou not that the talnesse of her extended stature is adorned 

with a thousand millions of graces and indowments of the 

soule? But Sancho, thou canst not denie me one thing, 

when thou didst thus approch her, didst thou not feele 

a most odoriferous smell, an aromaticall flagrancie, an, I 

cannot tell what, so pleasing, as I know not how to terme 

it? I say, such a sent, as if thou werst in some curious 

perfumers shop? That which I know, quoth Sancho, is, 

that I felt a little unsavorie sent, somewhat rammish and 

manlike, and I thinke the reason was, because shee had 

sweat a little doing of that exercise. It was not so (quoth 

Don- Quixote) but either thou hadst the murre, or else 

didst smell thy selfe ; for I know very well how that Rose 

among thomes doth sent, that Lillie of the field, and that 

chosen Amber. It may well be, said Sancho, as you have 

said; for I have had many times such a smell, as mee 

thought the Ladie Dulcinea had then : and though shee 

smeld to, it were no marvell : for one Divell is like another. 

And well (quoth Don -Quixote) see here, she hath sifted 

44 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

her corne, and sent it to the Mill. What did she after shee CHAPTER 
had read the Letter? The Lietter said Sancho, shee read ^^I 
it not, for she said she could neither read nor write, and Of the 
therefore she tore it into small pieces, and would have no pleasant 
man to read it, lest those of the vill£^ should know her contin^ 
secrets, and say, that what I had told her by word of mouth betweene 
of your love and extraordinarie penance, which you remayned Don-Quixote^ 
doing for her sake was sufficient. And finally she con- and his Squire 
eluded, commaunding me to say unto you, that she had her ^^^^ ^^ *°^ 
commended unto you, and that shee remained with greater adventures, 
desire to see you, then to write unto you; and therefore 
she requested and willed you, as you tendred her affection, 
that presently upon sight hereof you should abandon these 
shrubbie groves, leave off your frensie, and take presently 
the way of Toboso. If some matter of greater importance 
did not occur, for she had very great desire to see and talke 
with you. She laughed heartily when I told her that you 
named your selfe the Knight of the ill-favoured face. I 
demaunded of her, whether the beaten Biscaine came there ? 
And she answered that hee did, and affirmed withall, that 
he was a very honest man. I asked also for the Galley- 
slaves, but she toldc me, that she had seene none of them 
as yet. 

All goes well till this, said Don-Quixote : but tell mee, 
I pray thee what lewell did shee bestow on thee at thy 
departure, for reward of the newes thou carriedst unto her 
of mee ? For it is an usuall and auncient custome among 
Knights and Ladies errant, to bestow on Squires, Damsels, 
or dwarfes, which bring them any good tidings of their 
Ladies, or Servants, some rich lewell, as a reward and thanks 
of their welcome newes. It may well be, quoth Sancho, 
and I hold it for a very laudable custom, but I thinke it 
was only used in times past; for I thinke the manner 
of this our age is only to give a piece of bread, and 
cheese : for this was all that my Lady Dulcinea bestowed 
on me, and that over the yard wals, when I tooke my leave 
with her. And in signe thereof (well fare all good tokens) 
the cheese was made of sheepes milke. She is marvellous 
liberall quoth Don-Quixote : and if she gave thee not a 

46 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER lewell of gold, it was, without doubt, because she had none 
^"^ then about her. ^ But sleeves are good, although they come 
Of the after the feast/ I will see her, and then all things shall 

pleasant jjg^ amended. Enowest thou, Sancho, whereat I wonder? 

continued ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^^ sodaine retume, for it seemes to me thou wast 
betweene gone, and hast come backe againe in the ayre, for thou hast 
I>on-Quixote, beene away but a little more then three daies, Toboso being 
and his Squire more then thirtie leagues from hence: And therefore doe 
withotliCT*^ beleeve that the wise inchanter, who takes care of mine 
adventurea. affaires, and is my friend (for there is such a one of force, 

and there must bee, under paine that I else should not be 
a good Knight Errant) I say, I verely thinke that wise man 
holpe thee to trample unawares of thy selfe : for there are 
wise men of that condition, which will take a Knight Errant 
sleeping in his bed ; and without knowing how or in what 
manner hee will wake the next day a thousand Leagues 
from that place where hee fell a sleepe. And were it not for 
this, Knights Errant could not succour one another in their 
most dangerous exigents, as they doe now at every step. 
For it oft-times befalles, that a Sjiight is fighting in the 
Mountaines of Armenia with some divellish Fauno, some 
dreadfull shaddow, or fierce Knight, where hee is like to 
have the worst, and in this point of death, when I least 
expect it, there appeares there on the top of a cloude, or 
riding in a chariot of fire another Knight his friend, who 
was but even then in England, and helpes him, and delivers 
him from death, and retumes againe that night to his owne 
lodging, where hee suppes with a very good appetite, and 

iret for all that, is there woont to bee, two or three thousand 
eagues from the one to the other Countrey. All which is 
compassed by the industrie and wisedome of those skilfull 
inchaunters, that take care of the said valorous Knights. 
So that, friend Sancho, I am not hard of beleefe in giving 
thee credite that thou hast gone and returned in so short a 
time from this place to Toboso, seeing as I have said, some 
wise man my friend hath belike transported thee thither 
by stealth, and unaware, of thy selfe. I easily thinke it, 
replied Sancho, for Rozinante travailed in good faith as 
lustily, as if he were an Egyptians Asse with quicksilver 
46* 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

in his eares. And thinkest thou not, quoth Don-Quixote, CHAPTER 
that he had not quicksilver in his eares ? yes and a legion ^^^ 

of divels also to helpe it, who are folke that doe travaile Of the 
and make others goe as much as they list without any S-g^^^jLg 
weannesse. ^ .... continued 

But leaving all this apart, what is thine opinion that I betweene 
should doe now, concerning my Ladies commaundement, to Don-Quixote, 
goe and see her ? for although I know that I am bound to ^^^iJopSn*'^ 
obey her behests : yet doe I finde my selfe disabled at this ^^ ^^^^ ^ 
time to accomplish them, by reason of the grant I have adventures. 
made to the Princesse that comes with us, and the law of 
armes doth compell mee to accomplish my word, rather then 
my will : on the one side I am assaulted and urged by a 
desire to goe and see my Ladie : on the other, my promised 
faith, and the glory tliat I shall winne in this enterprize, 
doe incite and call me away. But that which I resolve to 
doe, is to travaile with all speed, that I may quickly arrive 
to the place where that Giant is, and will cut off his head 
at my comming : and when I have peaceably installed the 
Princesse in her Kingdome, will presently returne to see the 
light that doth lighten my senses; to whom I will yeeld 
such forcible reasons of my so long absence, as she shall 
easily condescend to excuse my stay, seeing all doth re- 
dound to her glory and fame. For all that I have gained, 
doe winne, or shall hereafter atchieve by force of armes 
in this life, proceedes wholy from the gracious favour she 
pleaseth to bestow upon me, and my bemg hers. O God ! 
quoth Sancho, I perceive that you are greatly diseased in 
the pate. I pray you Sir tell me whether you mean to 
go this long voyage for nought ? And let slip and lose so 
rich and so noble a preferment as this ? where the dowrie 
is a Kingdome, which is in good faith as I have heard say, 
twentie thousand leagues in compasse. And most plenti- 
fully stored with all things necessary for the sustayning of 
humane life : and that it is greater then Portugall and Castile 
joyned together ? Peace for Gods love, and blush at your 
owne words, and take my counsaile, and marry presently in 
the first village that hath a parish Priest : and if you will 
not doe it there, can you wisn a better commodity then to 

47 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER have our owne Master Liceniat, who will doe it most excel- 

mi lently ? And note that I am old enough to give counsaile, 

Of the and that this which I now deliver is as fit for you, as if it 

pleasant ^gj^ expresly cast for you in a mould. For a Sparrow in 

continij^ the fist, is worth more then a flying Bittor. 

Don-Ouizote ^^^ ^® ^^^ ^^^ have good, and evill doth chuse^ 

and hii Squire ^^"^ ^^ ^** ^^^^ ^™' ™"«^ ^^* P**^®^^ ^^^• 

with other^^ Why Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, if thou givest me coun- 
adventures. 8&ile to marry, to the end I may become a King after I have 

slaine the Giant, and have commoditie thereby to promote 
thee, and give thee what I have promised: I let thee to 
understand that I may doe all that most easily, without 
marrying my self. For before I enter into the bataile, I 
will make this condition, that when I come away victor, 
although I marry not the Princesse, yet shall a part of the 
Kingdome bee at my disposition, to bestow upon whom I 

E lease ; and when I receive it, upon whom wouldest thou 
ave me bestow it but on thy selfe P That is manifest, said 
Sancho : but I pray you Sir have care to chuse that part 
you would reserve towards the Seaside, to the end that if 
the living doe not please me, I may embarke my blacke 
vassailes, and make the benefit of them which I have said. 
And likewise I pray you not to trouble your minde, think- 
ing to goe and see my Ladie Dulcinea at this time ; but 
travaile towards the place where the Giant is, and kill him, 
and conclude that businesse first: for I sweare unto you, 
that I am of opinion it will proove an adventure of very 
great honour and profit. I assure thee, Sancho, quoth Don- 
Quixote, thou art in the right, and I will follow thy coun- 
saile in rather going first with the Princesse, then to visite 
Dulcinea* And I wame thee not to speake a word to any 
bodie, no not to those that ride with us, of that which wee 
have heere spoken and discoursed together : for since Dul- 
cinea is so warie and secret, as she would not have her 
thoughts discovered, it is no reason, that I either by my selfe 
or any other should detect them. 

If that be so quoth Sancho, why then doe you send all 
those which you vanquish by vertue of your arme to pre- 
48 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sent themselves to my Lady Dulcinea, seeing this is as good CHAPTER 
as subsignation of your hands-writing, that you wish her ^^ 
well, ana are enamored on her ? and seeing that those which Of the 
goe to her, must forcibly lay them downe on their knees pjeasant 
before her presence, and say that they come from you to conSnii^ 
doe her homage, how then can the thoughts of you both be betweeue 
hidden and concealed ? O ! how great a foole art thou, and Don-Quixote, 
how simple, quoth Don-Quixote. Dost not thou perceive and his Squire 
Sancho, now all this results to her greater glory ? For thou with other*^ 
oughtest to wit, that in our Knightly proceedings, it is adventures, 
great honour, that one Ladie alone have many Knights 
Errant for her servitors, without extending their thoughts 
any further then to serve her, only for her high worthes, 
without attending any other reward of their many and good 
desires, then that shee will deiene to accept them as her 
servants and knights. I have heard preach, said Sancho, 
that men should love our Saviour with that kinde of love, 
onely for his owne sake, without being mooved thereunto, 
eyther by the hope of glory, or the feare of paine, although 
for my part I would love and serve him, for what hee is 
able to doe. The Divell take thee for a clowne, quoth 
Don-Quixote, how sharpe and pertinently dost thou speake 
now and then ? able to make a man imagine that thou hast 
studied. Now by mine honesty, quoth Sancho, I can neyther 
reade nor write. 

Master Nicholas perceiving them drowned thus in their 
discourses, cried out to them to stay, and drinke of a little 
fountaine that was by the way. Don-Quixote rested, to 
Sancho^s very great contentment, who was already tyred 
with telling him so many lies, and was afiraid his Master 
would intrappe him in his owne wordes. For although hee 
knew Dulcinea to bee of Toboso, yet had hee never scene 
her in his life. And Cardenio had by this time done on the 
apparrell Dorotea wore when they found her in the moun- 
taines, which though they were not very good, yet exceeded 
with great advantage those which he had himselfe before. 
And allighting hard by the fountain, they satisfied with 
the provision the Curate had brought with him from the 
Inne, although it were but little, the great hunger that 

2:6 « 49 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER pressed them. And whilest they tooke their ease there, 
nil a certaine young stripling that travelled, passed by, who 
Of the looking very earnestly on all those which sate about the 

pleasant fountaine, he ranne presently after to Don-Quixote, and 

co^dnij^ imbracing his legs, he said, weeping downe right : O my 
betweene Lord doe not you know mee? Looke well upon me, for 
Don-Quixote^ I am the youth Andrew, whom you unloosed from the 
^ his Squire Qake whereunto I was tyad. Don-Quixote presently knew 
wiSi <rthw*^ ^^"^> ^^^ taking him by the handes, he turned to those that 
adventures, "were present, and said. Because you may see of how great 

impoitance it is, that there bee Benights Errant in the world, 
to undoe wron^ and injuries, that are committed in it by 
the insolent ana badde men which live therein, you shall wit 
that a few daies past, as I rode thorow a wood, I heard cer- 
taine lamentable scritches and cries, as of some needefull and 
afflicted person : I forthwith occurd, borne away by my pro- 
fession towards the place from whence the lamentable voyce 
sounded, and I found tied to an Oaken tree, this boy whom 
you see here in our presence; for which I am marvellous 
glad, because if I shall not say the truth, he may checke 
me. I say that he was tied to the Oake starke naked from 
the middle upward, and a certaine clowne was opening his 
flesh with cruell blows that he gave him with the reynes of 
a bridle : which clown, as I after understood, was his Master. 
And so, assoone as I saw him, I demaunded the cause of 
those cruell stripes. The rude fellow answered, that he beat 
him, because he was his servant, and that certaine negli- 
gences of his proceeded rather from being a thiefe, then of 
simplicity. To which this childe answered : Sir, he whips 
me for no other cause, but by reason that I demaund my 
wages of him. His Master replied, I know not now what 
speeches and excuses, the which although I heard, yet were 
they not by me admitted. In resolution, I caused him to 
be loosed, and tooke the clownes oath, that he would take 
him home, and pay him there his wages, one Riall upon 
another ; I and those also perfumed. Is it not true, sonne 
Andrew? Didst not thou note with what a domineering 
countenance I commanded it ; and with what humilitie he 
promised to accomplish all that I imposed, commaunded, and 
60 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

desired ? Answer me, be not ashamed, nor stagger at all, CHAPTER 
but tell what passed to these Gentlemen, to the end it may Hl^ 

be manifestly seene how necessary it is, as I have said, to Of the 
have Knights Errant up and downe the high waies. pleasant 

All that which you have said, quoth the boy, is very true ; c^^^q^ 
but the end of the matter succeeded altogether contrary to betweene 
that which you imagined. How contrarie? quoth Don- Don-Quixote, 
Quixote. Why, hath not the peasant paide thee ? He not ^d his Squire 
only hath not payed me, answered the boy, but rather as ^^ othS^^' 
soone as you were passed the wood, and tnat we remained adventures, 
both alone, he turned againe and tied mee to the same tree, 
and gave me a fresh so many blowes, as I remained another 
S. Bartholomew, all fleaed : and at every blow he said some 
jest or other in derision of you : so that if I had not felt the 
paine of the stripes so much as I did, I could have found in 
my heart to have laughed very heartily. In fine, he left me 
in such pitifull case, as I have beene ever since curing my 
selfe in an Hospitall of the evil, which the wicked peasant 
did then unto me. And you are in the fault of al tnis, for 
if you had ridden on your way, and not come to the place 
where you were not sought for, nor intermedled your selfe 
in other mens affaires, perhaps my Master had contented 
himself with giving me a doozen or two of strokes, and 
would presently after have loosed me, and payed me my 
wages. But by reason you dishonoured him so much with- 
out cause, and said to him so many villanies, his choler was 
inflamed ; and seeing he could not revenge it on you, finding 
himselfe alone, he disburdened the showre on me so heavily, 
as I greatly feare that I shall never againe be mine own man. 
The nurt consisted in my departure (quoth Don-Quixote) 
for I should not have gone from thence, untill I had seene 
thee payed. For I might have very well knowne by many 
experiences, that * there is no clowne that will keepe his wordf, 
if ne see the keeping of it can tume any way to his damage."" 
But yet, Andrew, thou dost remember how I swore that if 
he paied thee not, I would retumc and seeke him out, and 
likewise findc him, although he conveyed himselfe into a 
Whales belly. Thats true, quoth Andfrew, but all availes 
not: thou shalt see whether it availes or no presently, 

61 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER quoth Don-Quixote: and saying so, got up very hastily, 
^m and commaunded Sancho to bridle Rozinante, who was 
Of the feeding whilest they did eate. Dorotea demanded of him 

pleasant what he meant to doe ? He answered, that hee would goe 

co^dnu^ and finde out the villaine, and punish him for using such 
betweene had proceedings, and cause Andrew to bee paid the last 
Don-Quixote, denier, in despite of as many pesants as lived in the world. 
^dhiB Squire To which she answered, intreating him to remember that 
with othw^^ hee could not deale with any other adventure, according 
adventures. ^ ^ promise, untill hers were atchieved : and seeing that 

hee himselfe knew it to bee true better then any other, 
that hee should pacifie himselfe, untill his retume from 
her Kingdome. You have reason, said Don-Quixote : and 
therefore Andrew must have patience perforce untill my 
retume (as you have said, Madame) and when I shall 
tume againe, I doe sweare unto him, and likewise renew 
my promise, never to rest untill he be satisfied and payed. 
I beleeve not in such oathes, quoth Andrew, but would 
have as much money as might carry mee to Sivill, rather 
then all the revenges in the world. Give mee some meate 
to eate, and carrie away with me, and God bee with 
you and all other Knights Errant, and I pray God that 
they may proove as erring to themselves as tney have beene 
to me. 

Sancho tooke out of his bagge a piece of bread and cheese, 
and giving it to the Youth, said, hold, brother, Andrew, 
for every one hath his part of your misfortune. I pray you 
what part thereof have you ? said Andrew. This piece of 
bread and cheese that I bestow on thee, quoth Sancho, for 
God only knowes whether I shall have neede of it againe 
or no: for thou must wit, friend, that we the Squires of 
Knights Errant, are very subject to great hunger and evill 
lucke, yea, and to other thin^ which are better felt then 
told. Andrew laid hold on his bread and cheese ; and see- 
ing that no-body gave him any other thing, hee bowed 
his head, and went on his way. True it is, that he 
said to Don -Quixote at his departure: for Gods love, 
eood Sir Knight Errant, if you snail ever meet me againe 
in the plight you have done, although you should see 
52 



"] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

me torne in pieces, yet doe not succour or helpe me, but CHAPTER 
leave me in my disgrace ; for it cannot be so great, but that I'^I 
a greater will result from your helpe, upon whom and all Oftheple*- 
the other Knights Errant that are borne in the world, I pray ""^ '*'*' 
God his curse may alight. Don-Quixote thought to arise ' 

to chastise him : but he ran away so swiftly, as no man durst 
follow him and our Knight remained marvellouslv ashamed 
at Andrews tale : wherefore the rest witn much 
adoe supprest their desire to laugh, lest they 
snould throughly confound him. 



CHAPTER V 

Treating of that which befell all Don-Quixote 
his traine in the Inne. 

jjIHE dinner being ended, they saddled and 
went to horse presently, and travelled all 
that day, and the next without incoun- 
tring any adventure of price, untill they 
arrived at the only bugge and scar-crow 
of Sancho Pan^a : and though bee would 
full faine have excused his entry into it, 
yet could he in no wise avoide it : the 
Inkeeper, the Hostesse her daughter, and Maritomes seeing 
Don-Quixote and Sancho retume, went out to receive them 
with tokens of great love and joy, and he intertained them 
with grave countenance and applause, and bade them to 
make him ready a better bedde then the other which th^ had 
given unto him the time before. Sir, quoth the Hostesse, if 
you would pay us better then the last time, we would give 
you one for a Prince. Don-Quixote answered that he would; 
they prepared a reasonable good bedde for him in the same 
wide rooroe where he lay before : and he went presently to 
bedde, by reason that he arrived much tyred, and voide of 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER wit. And scarce was he gotten into his chamber, when the 
^ Hostesse leaping suddenly on the Barber, and taking him by 

Treating of the beard, said, Now by my selfe blissed, thou shalt use my 
tiiat which ^]g jjQ more for a beard, and thou shalt turne me my taile ; 
oSte JS"" for my husbands combe goes throwne up and doWn the 
traine in the floore, that it is a shame to see it : I meane the combe that 
Inne. I was wont to hang up in my good taile. The Barber would 

not sive it unto her for all her drawing, until the Licenciate 
bad him to restore it, that they had now no more use there- 
of, but that he might now very well discover himselfe, and 
appeare in his owne shape, and said to Don-Quixote, that 
after the Gralley-slaves had robd him, he fledde to that Inne ; 
and if Don-Quixote demaunded by chaunce for the Princesse 
her Squire, that they should tell him, how she had sent him 
before to her kinedome, to give intelligence to her sulnects, 
that she returned, bringing with her him that should A'ee 
and give them all libertie. With this the Barber surrendred 
the taile willingly to the Hostesse, and likewise all the 
other borrowed wares which she had lent for Don-Quixotes 
deliverie. All those of the Inne rested wonderfull amazed 
at Doroteas beautie, and also at the comelinesse of the 
Shepheard Cardenio. Then the Curate gave order to make 
reaaie for them such meat as the Inne could affoord : and 
the Inkeeper, in hope of better payment, did dresse very 
speedily for them a reasonable good dinner. Don-Quixote 
slept all this while, and they were of opinion to let him take 
his rest, seeing sleepe was more requisite for his disease then 
meate. At the Table they discoursed (the Inkeeper, his 
wife, daughter and Maritornes, and all the other travellers 
being present) of Don-Quixotes strange frensie, and of the 
maner wherein they found him. The Hostesse eftsoones 
recounted what had hapned there betweene him and the 
Carrier ; and looking to see whether Sancho were present, 
perceiving that hee was away, she tolde likewise all the story 
of his canvasing, whereat they conceived no little content 
and pastime. And as the Curate said, that the oiiginall 
cause of Don-Quixotes madnesse proceeded from the reading 
of bookes of Knighthood ; the In-keeper answered. 

I cannot conceive how that may be, for (as I beleeve) 
54 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

there is no reading so delightful! in this world : and I my CHAPTER 
selfe have two or three bookes of that kinde with other ^ 

Eapers, which doe verily keepe me alive, and not onely me, Treating of 
ut many other. For in the reaping times, many of the u f^if^^^^u- 
reapers repaire to this place in the heates of mid-day, and Quixote his 
there is evermore some one or other among them that can traiue in the 
reade, who takes one of these bookes in hand, and then luue. 
some thirtie or more of us doe compasse him about, and doe 
listen to him with such pleasure, as it hinders a thousand 
hoary haires : for I dare say at least of my selfe, that when 
I heare tell of those furious and terrible blowes that Knights 
Errant give, it inflames me with a desire to become such a 
one my selfe, and could finde in my heart to be hearing of 
them day and night. I am just of the same minde no more, 
nor no lesse, said the Hostesse, for I never have any quiet 
houre in my house, but when thou art hearing those bookes 
whereon thou art so besotted, as then thou doest onely for- 
get to chide, which 'is thy ordinarie exercise at other times. 
That is very true, said Maritomes. And I in good sooth 
doe take great delight to heare those things, for they are 
very fine, and especially when they tell how such a Xadie 
lies embraced by her Knight under an Orange tree, and that 
a certaine Damsell keepeth watch all the while, readie to 
burst for envie that she hath not likewise her sweet heart : 
And very much afraid. I say that all those things are as 
sweete as honey to mee. And you, quoth the Curate to the 
Inkeepers daughter, what do you thinke ? I know not in 
good sooth Sir quoth she, but I do likewise give eare, and 
m truth although I understand it not, yet doe I take some 
pleasure to heare them, but I raislike greatly those blowes, 
which please my father so much ; and oncIy delight in the 
lamentations that Knightes make, being absent u-om their 
Ladies : which in sooth doe now and then make mee weepe 
through the compassion I take of them. Well then, quoth 
Dorotea, belike, faire Maiden, you would remedie them, if 
such plaints were breathed for your owne sake? I know 
not what I would doe, answered the Gyrle, onely this I 
know, that there are some of those Ladies so cruell, as their 
Knights call them Tigres and Lyons, and a thousand other 

55 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER wild beasts. And good lesus, I knew not what unsouled 
V folke they bee, and so without conscience, that because they 

Treating of will not once behold an honorable man, they suffer him 
?*?*i7^i^ either to die or run mad. And I know not to what end 
&Uote hS"" serves all that coynesse. For if they doe it for honesties 
traine in the sake, let them marry with them, for the Knights desire 
Inne. nothing more: Peace, childe, quoth the Hostesse, for it 

seemes that thou knowest too much of those matters, and 
it is not decent that maidens should know or speake so 
much: I speake, quoth she, by reason that this good Sir 
made me the demaund. And I could not in courtesie omit 
to answere him : Well, said the Curate, let me intreat you 
good mine Host, to bring us here those bookes, for I would 
&ine see them. 

I am pleased, said the Inkeeper : and then entring into 
his chamoer, he brought forth a little old Mallet shut up 
with a chaine, and opening thereof, he tooke out three great 
bookes and certaine papers written with a very faire letter. 
The first booke he opened, was that of Don Cirongilio of 
ThrcuAa. The other Feliamiarte ofHirccmia : And the third, 
The Historie of the great Captaine^ Goufolo Hernandez of 
Cordova, with the life of Diego Garcia of Paredes, adjoyned. 
As soone as the Curate had read the titles of the two bookes, 
he said to the Barber, We have now great want of our 
friends, the old woman and Neece. Not so much as you 
thinke, quoth the Barber, for I know also the way to the 
yard, or the chimney, and in good sooth, there is a fire in 
it good enough for that purpose. Would you then, quoth 
the Host bume mv bookes ? No more of them, quoth the 
Curate, but these nrst two of Don Cironffilio and Felivmarte. 
Are my bookes perhaps, quoth the Inkeeper, hereticall or 
flegmaucall, that you would thus roughly handle them? 
Schismaticall thou wouldest have said, quoth the Barber, 
and not flegmaticalL It is so, said the Inkeeper, but if 
you will needs bume any, I pray you rather let it be that 
of the Great Captaine, and of that Diego Garcia^ for I 
would rather suffer one of my sonnes to be burned, then any 
one of those other two. Grood friend, these two bookes 
are lying and full of follies and vanities, but that of the 
66* 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

GrecU Captaine is true, and containeth the artes of Gonfalo CHAPTER 
Hernandez of Cordova : who for his sundrie and noble acts, ^ 

merited to be termed by all the world, The great Captaine, Treating of 
a name famous, illustrious, and onelv deserved by himselfe, J^^i^^}^ 
and this other Diego Garcia of Paredjes was a noble Grentle- Quf^ote his" 
man, borne in the Citie of Truxillo in Estremadura, and traine in the 
was a most valorous souldier, and of so surpassing force, Inne. 
as hee would detaine a mill wheele with one hand from 
turning in the midst of the speediest motion : and standing 
once at the end of a bridge with a two handed sword, de- 
fended the passage against a mightie armie that attempted 
to passe over it: and did so many other things, that if 
another, who were a stranger and unpassionate, had written 
them, as he did himselfe who was the relater and historio- 
grapher of his owne acts, and therefore recounted them 
with the modestie of a Gentleman, and proper Chronicler ; 
they would have drowned all the Hectors, Achillises and 
Hollands in oblivion. 

There is a jest, quoth the Inkeeper, deale with my father, 
I pray you, see at what you wonder. A wise tale, at the 
withholding of the wheele of a mill. I sweare you ought 
to read that which is reaxi in Felixmarte of Hircania^ who 
with one thwart blow cut five mightie Giants in halfes, as 
if they were of beanes, like to the little Friers that children 
make of bean-cods. And set another time upon a great and 
most powerful army of more then a million and sixe hundred 
thousand souldiers, and overthrew and scattered them all 
like a flocke of sheepe. What then can you say to me of 
the good Don Cirongilio of Thracia, who was so animous 
and valiant as may be seene in his booke : wherein is laid 
downe, that as he sayled along a River, there issued out of 
the middest of the water a serpent, of fire, and he, as soone a^ 
he perceived it, leaped upon her, and hanging by her squamie 
shoulders he wroong her throat so straitly betweene both 
his armes, that the Serpent perceiving her selfe to bee well- 
nigh strangled, had no other way to save her selfe, but 
by diving down into the deeps, carrying the knight away 
with her, who would never let goe his gripe, and when they 
came to the bottome, he found himselfe by a Pallace in such 

a:H 67 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER faire and pleasant gardens, as it was a wonder : and pre- 

V sently the Serpent turned into an old man, which said to 

Treating of him such things as there is no more to be desired. Two 

!^^r^i^ fiffs for the Great Captaine, and that Diego Grarcia, of whom 
befell allDon- ^^ gpeake ^ ' & -^ 

traine in the Dorotea hearing him speake thus, said to Cardenio, mee 
Inne. thinks our host wants but litle to make up a second part of 

Don-Quixote ? So it seemes to me likewise replied Cardenio, 
for as we may conjecture by his words, he certainly beleeves 
that every tmng written in those bookes passed just as it is 
laid down, and barefooted friers would oe scarce able to 
perswade him the contrary. Enow, friend (quoth the Curate 
to the Inkeeper^ that there was never any such man as 
Felixmarte oi Hircania, or Don Ciron^lio of Thracia, nor 
other such Knights, as books of Chivalry recount. For all 
is but a device and fiction of idle wits that composed them, 
to the end that thou sayest, to passe over the time, as yoiur 
readers do in reading of them. For I sincerely sweare unto 
thee, that there were never such knights in the world, nor 
such adventures and ravings hapned in it. Cast that bone 
to another dog, quoth the Inkeeper, as though I knew not 
how many numbers are five, and where the snoo wrests me 
now. I pray you. Sir, goe not about to give me pappe, for 
by the Lord I am not so white. Is it not a good sport 
that you labour to perswade mee that al that which tnese 
good books say, are but ravings and fables, they being 
printed by grace and priviledge of the Lords of the privie 
Counsell ; as if they were folke that would permit so many 
lies to be printed at once : and so many battels and inchant- 
ments, as are able to make a man nmne out of his wits. I 
have told thee already, friend (said the Curate) that this is 
done for the recreation of our idle thoughts : and so even as 
in welgovemd commonwesdths, the plaies of Chesse, Tennis, 
and TVucks are tollerated for the pastime of some men, 
which have none other occupation, and either ought not, 
or cannot work : even so such books are permitted to be 
printed : presuming (as in truth they ought) that no man 
would be found so simple and ignorant, as to hold any of 
these bookes for a true history. And if my leasure per- 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

mittedy and that it were a thing requisite for this auditory, CHAPTER 

I could say many things concerning the subject of books ^ 

of knighthood, to the end that they should be well con- Treatiii^of 

trived, and also be pleasant and profitable to the readers : ^5*i7^^ 

but I hope sometime to have the commoditie to communi- Qu^ote Wt**" 

cate my conceit with those that may redresse it. And in traine in the 

the meane while you may beleeve good mine host what Inne. 

I have said, and take to you your bookes, and agree with 

their truthes or leasings as you please, and much good may 

it do you. And I pray Grod that you hault not in time 

on the foot that your mest Don-Quixote halteth. Not 

so, quoth the Inkeeper, for I will never be so wood as to 

become a Knight errant, for I see well, that what was used 

in the times of these famous Sjiights, is now in no use nor 

request. 

Sancho came in about the midst of this discourse, and 
rested much confounded and pensative of that which he 
heard them say, that Knights Errant were now in no 
request, and that the bookes of Chivalry, onely contained 
follies and lies : and purposed with himselfe to see the end 
of that voyage of his Lords, and that if it sorted not the 
wished successe which he expected, he resolved to leave him, 
and retume home to his wife and children, and accustomed 
labour. The Inkeeper thought to take away his bookes 
and budget, but the Curate withheld him, saying, stay 
a while, tor I would see what papers are those which are 
written in so faire a character. The host took them out 
and gave them to him to read, bein^ in number some eight 
sheets with a title written in text letters, which said, The 
History of the curious impertinent: The Curate read two 
or three lines softly to himselfe, and said after, truly, the 
title of this History doth not mislike mee, and therefore 
I am about to reade it through. The Inkeeper hearing 
him, said, your reverence may very well do it, lor I assure 
you, that some guests whicn have read it here as they 
travelled, did commend it exceedingly, and have begd it 
of me as earnestly, but I would never bestow it, hoping 
some day to restore it to the owner of this Mallet, who 
forgot it heere behind him with these bookes and papers, 

69 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER for it may be that he will sometime retume, and although 
V I know tnat I shall have great want of the bookes, yet will 

Treating of I make to him restitution, for although I am an Inkeeper, 
^^Sr^^ yet Grod be thanked I am a Christian therewithall. You 
Ou^te Ws"^" have great reason my friend, quoth the Curate, but yet 
traineinthe notwithstanding if the tast like me, thou must give me 
Inne. leave to take a copie thereof; with all my heart, replied 

the host. And as they two talked, Cardenio taking the 
booke began to reade a little of it, and it pleasing him as 
much as it had done the Curate, he requested him to reade 
it in such sort as they might al heare him : that I would 
willingly do said the Curate, if the time were not now more 
fit for sleeping then reading. It were sufficient repose for 
me said Dorotea, to passe away the time listening to some 
tale or other, for my spirit is not yet so well quieted, as to 
affbord me licence to sleepe, even then when nature exacteth 
it. If that be so quotn the Curate, I will read it if it 
were but for curiositie, perhaps it containeth some delight- 
full matter. Master Nicholas and Sancho intreated the 
same: the Curate seeing and knowing that he should 
therein do them all a pleasure, and he himselfe like- 
wise receive as great, said, seeing you will needs 
heare it, be all of you attentive, for the His- 
toric b^nneth in this manner. 



60 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER VI 

Wherein is rehearsed the Historie of the 
curious impertinent. 

N Florence, a rich and famous Citie of Italie, 
in the Province called Tuscane, there 
dwelled two rich and principall Grentle- 
men called Anselmo and Lothario, which 
two were so great friends, as they were 
named for excellency and by Antono- 
masia, by all those that knew them, the 
two friends. They were both batchelers, 
and much of one age and manners ; all which was of force 
to make them answer one another with reciprocall amity. 
True it is, that Anselmo was somewhat more inclined to 
amorous dalliance then Lothario, who was altogether ad- 
dicted to hunting. But when occasion exacted it, Anselmo 
would omit his owne pleasures to satisfie liis friends, and 
Lothario likewise his, to please Anselmo. And by this 
mcanes both their wils were so correspondent, as no clocke 
could be better ordred then were their desires. Anselmo 
being at last deepely enamoured of a principall and beauti- 
full young Ladie of the same Citie, called Camila, being so 
wortnily descended, and she her selfc of such merit there- 
withall, as he resolved (by the consent of his friend Lothario, 
without whom he did nothing) to demand her of her parents 
for wife, and did put his purpose in execution: and Lothario 
himselfe was the messenger, and concluded the matter so 
to his friends satisfaction, as he was shortly after put in 
possession of his desires : and Camila so contented to have 
gotten Anselmo, as she ceased not to render Heaven and 
Lothario thankes, by whose meanes she had obtained so 
good a match. The first dayes, as all marriage dales are 
wont to be merry Lothario frequented, according to the 
custome, his friend Anselmo's house, endevouring to honor, 

61 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER feast and recreate him all the waves he might possible: 
^ but after the Nuptials were finished, and the concourse of 

Wherein is strangers visitations and congratulations somewhat ceajsed, 
rehearsed the Ix)thario also began to be somewhat more slacke then he 
the curious wonted in going to Anselmo his house, deeming it (as it 
impertinent ^^ reason that all discreet men should) not so convenient 

to visit or haunt so often the house of his friend after 
marriage, as he would, had he still remained a Batcheler. 
For although true amitie neyther should, or ought to admit 
the least suspition: yet notwithstanding a married mans 
honour is so delicate and tender a thing, as it seemes it may 
be sometimes impa3rred even by very brethren, and how 
much more by mends. Anselmo noted the remisnes of 
Lothario, and did grievously complaine thereof, saying, 
that if he had wist by marriage he should thus be deprived 
of his dearest conversation, he would never have married ; 
and that since through the uniforme correspondencie of 
them both bein? free, they had deserved the sweet title 
of * the two friends,' that he should not now permit (because 
he would be noted circumspect without any other occasion) 
that so famous and pleasing a name should be lost: and 
therefore he requested him (if it were lawfull to use such 
a terme betweene them two) to retume and be Master 
of his house, and come and goe, as he had done before 
his marriage, assuring him that his Spouse Camila had no 
other pleasure and wul, then that which himselfe pleased she 
shoula have : and that she, after having knowne how great 
was both their friendships, was not a Tittie amazed to see 
him become so strange. 

To all these and many other reasons alleaged by Anselmo, 
to perswade Lothario to frequent his house, he answered 
with so CTeat prudence, discretion and warinesse, as Anselmo 
remained satisfied of his friends good intention herein : and 
they made an agreement betweene them two, that Lothario 
should dine at his house twice a weeke, and the Holy-daies 
besides. And although this agreement had passed betweene 
them, yet Lothario purposed to doe that onely which he 
should finde most expedient for his friends honour, whose 
reputation he tendered much more deerely then he did his 
62 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

owne ; and was wont to say very discreetly, that the married CHAPTER 
man unto whom heaven had given a beautiful! wife, ought VI 

to have as much heede of the friends which hee brought to ^Vllerem is 
his house, as he should of the women friends that visited rehearsed the 
his wife, for that which is not done nor agreed upon in the ^o oirious 
Church or Market, nor in publike feasts or stations (being impertiDent 
places that a man cannot lawfully hinder his wife from 
frequenting somtimes at least) are oft-times facilitated, 
and contrived in a friends or kinsewomans house, whom 
perhaps we never suspected. Ansel mo on the other side 
affirmed, that therefore married men ought every one of 
them to have some friend who might advertise them of the 
faults escaped in their manner of proceeding ; for it befals 
many times, that through the great love which the husband 
beares towards his wife, eyther he doth not take notice, or 
else he doth not ^vertise her, because he would not offend 
her to doe, or omit to doe certaine things, the doing or 
omitting whereof, might tume to his honour or obloquie : 
to which things being advertised by his friend hee might 
easily apply some remedie : but where might a man finde a 
friend so discreet, loyall and trustie as Anselmo demaunds ? 
I know not truely, if not Lothario ; for he it was, that with 
all sollicitude and care regarded the honour of his friend : 
and therefore endevoured to clip and diminish the number 
of the daies promised, lest he should give occasion to the 
idle vulgar, or to the eyes of vagabonds and malitious men 
to judge any sinister thing, viewing so rich, comely, noble, 
and qualifiea a young man as he was, to have so free accesse 
into the house of a woman so beautifull as Camila. For 
though his vertues and modest carriage were sufficiently 
able to set a bridle to any malignant tongue, yet notwith- 
standing he would not have his credit, nor that of his 
friends called into any question, and therefore would spend 
most of the dayes that he had agreed, to visite his friend, in 
other places and exercises ; yet fayning excuses so plausible, 
as his friend admitted them for very reasonable. And thus 
the time passed on in challenges of unkindnesse of these one 
side, and lawfull excuses of the other. 

It so fell out, that as both the friends walked on a day 

68 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER together in a field without the Citie, Ansebno said to 
^' Lothario these words ensuing. I know veiy well, friend 

Wherein is Lothario, that among all the £Bivours, which God of his 
Hbto*^ f^* bountie hath bestowed upon me, by making me the sonne 
the curioas ^^ ^^^^ parents, and giving to me with so uberall a hand, 
impertinent both the goods of Nature and Fortune: yet as I cannot 

answer him with sufficient gratitude for the oenefits alreadie 
received, so doe I finde my selfe most highly bound unto 
him above all others, for having given me such a friend as 
thou art, and so beautifull a wife as Camila ; being both of 
you such pawnes, as if I esteeme you not in the d^ree 
which I ought, yet doe I hold you as deere as I may. And 
yet possessmg all those things which are wont to bee the all 
and some, that are wont, and may make a man happy, I 
live notwithstanding the most sullen and discontented life 
of the world. Being troubled, I know not since when and 
inwardly wrested with so strange a desire, and extravagant 
from the common use of others, as I marvaile at my selfe, 
and doe condemne and rebuke my selfe when I am alone, 
and do labour to conceale and cover mine owne desires, all 
which hath served me to as little effect, as if I had pro- 
claimed mine owne errors purposely to the world. And 
seeing that it must finally breake out, my will is that it bee 
onely communicated to the treasury of thy secret. Hoping 
that by it and mine owne industry which (as my true 
friend) thou wilt use to helpe me, I shall be quickly freed 
from the anguish it causeth, and by thy meanes my joy and 
contentment shall arrive to the passe, that my discontents 
have brought mee through mine owne folly. 

Lothario stood suspended at Anselmo^s speech, as one 
that could not imagine, to what so prolixe a prevention and 
preamble tended : And although he revolved and imagined 
sundry things in his mind which hee deemed might aifiict 
his friend, yet did he ever shoote wide from the marke 
which in truth it was: and that he might quickly escape 
that agonie, wherein the suspension held him, he said that 
his friend did notable injune to their amitie in searching 
out wreathings and ambages in the discovery of his most 
hidden thougnts to him, seeing he might assure himself 
64 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

certainely, either to receive counsels of him how to enter- CHAPTER 
tain, or else remedy and meanes how to accomplish them. ^^ 

It is very true, answered Anselmo, and with that confi- \Vherein is 
dence I let thee to understand friend Lothario, that the rehearsed the 
desire which vexeth me, is a longing to know, whether my the curious 
wife Camila be as good and perfect, as I doe account her : impertinent 
and I cannot wholy rest satisfied of this truth, but by 
making triall of her, in such sort, as it may give manifest 
argument of the degree of her goodnesse, as the fire doth 
shew the value of gold. For I am of opinion (O friend) 
that a woman is of no more worth or vertue, then that 
which is in her, after she hath *bene solicited, and that ^Ckutaett 
she alone is strong, who cannot be bowed by the promises, ^uamnemo 
gifts, tears, and continuall importunities of importunate ''*^^^"^' 
Lovers. For what thanks is it (quoth he) for a woman to 
be good, if no bodie say or teach her ill ? What wonder 
that she be retired and timcrous, if no occasion be ministred 
to her of dissolution, and chiefly she that knowes she hath a 
husband readie to kill her, for the least argument of light- 
nesse ? So that she which is onely good for feare, or want 
of occasion, will I never hold in that estimation, that I 
would the other sollicited and pursued, who notwithstand- 
ing comes away crowned with the victory. And therefore 
being moved as well by these reasons, as by many other, 
which I could tell you, which accredite and fortific mine 
opinion, I desire that my wife Camila doe also passe thorow 
the pikes of those proofes and difficulties, ana purifie and 
refine her selfe in the fire of being requested, solicited 
and pursued; and that by one whose worthes and valour 
may deserve acceptance in her opinion : and if she beare 
away the Palme of the victory, as I beleeve shee will, I 
shall account my fortune matchlesse, and may brag that 
my desires are in their height : and will say that a strong 
woman hath falne to my lot, of whom the Wise man saith, 
* Who shall finde her ? ^ and when it shall succeed contrary 
to mine expectation I shall with the pleasure that I will 
conceive to see how rightly it jumps with mine opinion, 
beare very indifferently the gricie which in all reason, this 
so costly a triall must stir in me. And presupposing that 
2:1 65 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Wherein is 
rehearsed the 
Historie of 
the curious 
impertinent 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

nothing which thou shalt say to mee, shall be availeable 
to hinder my designe, or disswade me from putting my 

aose in execution ; I would have thy selfe, deere mena 
ario, to provide thee to be the instrument, that 
shall labour this worke of my liking, and I will give 
thee oportunitie enough to performe the same without 
omitting any thing that may further thee in the solici- 
tation of an honest, noble, warie, retired, and passionlesse 
woman. 

And I am chiefly moved to commit this so hard an 
cnterprize to thy trust, because I know that if Ccunila be 
vanquished by thee, yet shall not the victory arrive to the 
last push and upshot, but onely to that of accounting a 
thing to bee done, which shall not be done for many good 
respects. So shall I remaine nothing oflended, and mine 
injury concealed in the vertue of thy silence ; for I know 
thy care to be such in matters concerning mec, as it shall 
be eternall like that of death. And tnerefore if thou 
desirest that I may leade a life, deserving that name, thou 
must forthwith provide thy selfe to enter into this amorous 
conflict, and that not languishing or slouthfully, but with 
that courage and diligence which my desire expecteth, and 
the confidence I have in our amitie assureth me. 

These were the reasons used by Anselmo to Lothario ; to 
all which he was so attentive as untill he ended, hee did not 
once unfold his lippes to speake a word save those which we 
have above relatea: and seeing that he spoke no more; 
after he had beheld him a good while, as a thing that he 
had never before, and did therefore strike him into admira- 
tion and amazement he said. Friend Anselmo I cannot per- 
swade my selfe, that the words you have spoken be other then 
jests, for had I thought that thou wert in earnest, I would 
not have suffered thee to passe on so farre, and by lend- 
ing thee no eare, would have excused this tedious Oration. 
I doe verily imagine, that either thou doest not know me, 
or I thee : but not so ; for I know thee to bee Anselmo, and 
thou, that I am Lothario : the dammage is, that I thinkc 
thou are not the Anselmo thou wast wont to be, and 
perhaps thou deemest me not to be the accustomed Lothario 

66 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that I ought to be : for the things which thou hast spoken, CHAPTER 
are not of that Anselmo my friend ; nor those which thou VI 

seekest, ought to be demaunded of that Lothario, of whom Wherein is 
thou hast notice. For true friends ought to prove and use rehearsed the 
their friends, as the Poet said, Usque adAras: that is, that Se^il^ous 
they should in no sort imploy them or implore their assist- impertinent 
ance in things offensive unto God : and if a Grentile was of 
this opinion in matters of friendship, how much greater 
reason is it that a Christian should have that reeling, 
specially knowing that the celestiall amitie is not to be 
lost for any humane friendship whatsoever ? And when the 
friend should throw the barres so wide, as to set heavenly 
respectes apart, for to compliment with his friend, it must 
not be done on light grounas, or for things of small moment, 
but rather for those wheron his friends life and honour 
wholy depends. Then tell me now Anselmo, in which of 
these two things art thou in danger, that I may adventure 
my person to doe thee a pleasure ; and attempt so detestable 
a thing as thou doest demaund ? None of them truely, but 
rather doest demaund, as I may conjecture, that I doe in- 
dustriously labour to deprive thee of thine honour and life 
together, and in doing so, I likewise deprive my selfe of 
them both. For if I must labour to take away thy credit, 
it is most evident, that I dispoile thee of life, for a man 
without reputation, is worse then a dead man : and I being 
the instrument (as thou desirest that I should be) of so 
great harme unto thee, doe not I become likewise thereby 
dishonoured, and by the same consequence also without 
life ? Heare mee friend Anselmo, and have patience not to 
answere me until I have said all that I think, concerning 
that which thy minde exactcth of thee. For wee shall have 
after leasure enough, wherein thou mayest reply, and I have 
patience to listen unto thy reasons. 

I am pleased, quoth Anselmo, say what thou likest : And 
Lothario prosecuted his speech in this manner, me thinks, 
Anselmo, that thou art now of the Moores humors, which 
can by no meanes be made to understand the errour of 
their sect. Neither by Citations of the holy Scripture, nor 
by reasons which consist in speculations of the understand- 

67 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER ing, or that are founded in the Articles of the faith : but 
^ must be won by palpable examples, and those, easie, in- 

Wherein is telligible, demonstrative and doubtlesse, by Mathematicall 
H^to^?^^ demonstrations which cannot be denied. Even as when we 
the curious ^y> * ^ ^^™ ^^^ equall parts, wee take away two parts 
impertinent equall, the parts that remaine are also equall/ And when 

they cannot understand this, as in truth they doe not, we 
must demonstrate it to them with our hands, and lay it 
before their eyes, and vet for all this, nought can availe to 
winne them in the end to give credit to the verities of our 
religion, which very termes and manner of proceeding I must 
use with thee, by reason that the desire which is sprung in 
thee, doth so wander and stray from all that which b^ires 
the shadow onely of reason, as I doubt much that I shaU 
spend my time in vaine, which I shall bestow to make thee 
understand thine owne simplicity, for I will give it no other 
name at this present: and in good earnest I was almost 
perswaded to leave thee in thine humour, in punishment of 
thine inordinate and unreasonable desire, but that the love 
which I beare towards thee doth not consent, I use to thee 
such rigour, or leave thee in so manifest a danger of thine 
owne perdition. And that thou maist cleerely see it, tell 
me Anselmo, hast not thou said unto me, that I must 
sollicit one that stands upon her reputation : perswade an 
honest woman, make proffers to one that is not passionate 
or engaged ? and serve a discreete woman ? yes, thou hast 
said all this. Well then, if thou knowest already that thou 
hast a retyred, honest, unpassionate, and prudent wife, what 
seekest thou more ? And if thou thinkest that she will rest 
victorious after all mine assaults, as doubtlesly she will, 
what better titles wouldest thou after bestow upon her, 
then those she possesseth already? eyther it proceeds be- 
cause thou dost not thinke of her as thou sayest, or els 
because thou knowest not what thou demaundest. If thou 
dost not account her such as thou praysest her, to what end 
wouldest thou prove her, but rather as an evill person, use 
her as thou likest best: but if she be as good as thou 
beleevest, it were an impertinent thing to make tryall of 
truth it selfe. For after it is made, yet it will still rest 
68 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

only with the same reputation it had before. Wherfore it CHAPTER 
is a concluding reason, that to attempt things whence rather VI 

harme may after result unto us then good, is the part of ^Vherein is 
rash and discourseless braines, and principally when they rehearsed tiie 
deale with those things whereunto they are not compelled or the curious 
driven, and that they see even a farre off, how the attempt- impertinent 
ing the like is manifest folly. Difficult things are under- 
taken for God, or the world, or both. Those that are 
done for Grod, are the workes of the Saints, indeavouring to 
leade Angels lives in fraile and mortall bodies. Those of 
the world are the travels and toiles of such as crosse such 
immense seas, travell through so adverse regions, and con- 
verse with so many nations, to acquire that which we call 
the goods of Fortune. And the things acted for God and 
the world together, are the worthy exploits of resolute and 
valorous martiall men, which scarce perceive so great a 
breach in the adversarie wall, as the common billet is wont 
to make, when leaving all feare apart, without making any 
discourse, or taking notice of the manifest danger that 
threatens them, borne away by the wings of desire and 
honour to serve God, their Nation and Prince, doe throw 
themselves boldly into the throate of a thousand menacing 
deaths which expect them. 

These are things wont to be practised, and it is honour, 
glory and profit to attempt them, be they never so full of 
inconveniences and danger: but that which thou sayest, 
thou wilt trie and put in practice, shall never gaine thee 
Gods glorie, the goods of Fortune, or renoune among men : 
for suppose that thou bringest it to passe according to 
thine owne fantasie, thou shalt remaine nothing more con- 
tented, rich or honorable then thou art already : and if 
thou doest not, then shalt thou see thy selfe in the greatest 
miserie of any wretch living : for it will little availe thee 
then, to thinke that no man knowes the disgrace befallen 
thee, it being sufficient both to afflict and dissolve thee, 
that thou knowest it thy selfe, and for greater confirmation 
of this truth I will repeate unto thee a stanza of the famous 
Poet Ludovico Tansilo in the end of his first part of Saint 
Peters teareSj which is : 

69 



CHAPTER 
VI 

Wherein is 
rehearsed the 
Historie of 
the curious 
impertinent 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

The griefe increaseth^ and withall the shame^ 

In Peter when the day it selfe did show. 

And though he no man sees^ yet doth he blame 

Himselfe^ because he had offended so : 

For brests, magnanimous not onely tame^ 

When that of others^ they are seene, they know. 

But of themselves asham d they often bee^ 

Though none but Heaven and Earth their errour see. 

So that thou canst not excuse thy griefe, with secrecie, 
be it never so great, but rather shalt have continual! 
occasion to weepe, if not watry teares from thine eyes, 
at least teares of bloud from thy heart, such as that 
simple Doctor wept, of whom our Poet makes mention, 
who made triall of the vessell, which the prudent Reynaldos 
upon maturer discourse refused to deale withall: and al- 
though it be but a Poeticall fiction, yet doth it containe 
many hidden morals, worthy to bee noted, understood 
and imitated: how much more seeing that by what I 
meane to say now, I hope thou shalt begin to conceave 
the great errour which thou wouldest wittingly commit. 
Tell me, Anselmo, if heaven or thy fortunes had made thee 
Lord and lawful! possessor of a most precious Diamante, 
of whose ffoodnesse and qualitie all the Lapidarists that 
had viewed the same would rest satisfied, and that all of 
them would joyntly and uniformely afHrme that it arrived 
in quality, goodnes, and finesse to all that, to which the 
Nature of such a stone might extend it selfe, and that 
thou thy selfe didst beleeve the same, without witting any 
thing to the contrary : would it be just that thou shouldest 
take an humour to set that Diamant betweene an Anvile 
and a hammer ; and to trie there by very force of blowes 
whether it be so hard and so fine as they say ? And farther, 
when thou didst put thy designe in execution, put the case 
that the stone made resistance to thy foolish triall, yet 
wouldest thou adde thereby no new valour or esteeme to it ? 
and if it did breake as it might befall, were not then all 
lost? Yes certainely, and that leaving the owner in all 
mens opinion for a very poore ignorant person. Then friend 
Anselmo, make account that Ccunila is a most precious 
Diamant, as well in thine, as in other mens estimation, 
70 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and it is no reason to put her in contingent danger of CHAPTER 
breaking, seeing that although she remain in her integ- ^^ 

rity, she cannot mount to more worth then she hath at ^Vherein is 
the present ; and if she faltred, or did not resist, consider reheareed the 
even at this present, what state you would be in then, and the ci^ious 
how justly thou mightest then complaine of thy selfe, for impertinent 
being cause of her perdition and thine owne? See how 
there is no Jewell in the world comparable to the modest 
and chaste woman. And that all womens honour consists 
in the good opinion thats had of them : and seeing that 
of thy spouse is so great, as it arrives to that summe of per- 
fection which thou knowest, why wouldest thou call this 
verity in question ? Know friend, that a woman is an im- 
perfect creature, and should therefore have nothing cast in 
ner way to make her stumble and fall, but rather to cleere, 
and doe all incumbrances away out of it, to the end she 
may without impeachment run with a swift course to ob- 
taine the perfection she wants, which only consists in being 
vertuous. 

The Naturalists recount, that the Ermine is a little beast 
that hath a most white skinne, and that when the Hunters 
would chase him, they use this art to take him : as soone as 
they finde out his haunt, and places where he hath recourse, 
they thwart them with mire and dirt, and after when they 
discrie the little beast, thejrpursue him towards those places 
which are defiled : and the Erimine espying the mire standcs 
still, and permits himselfc to be taken and captived in ex- 
change of not passing through the mire, or stayning of his 
whitenesse, which it esteemes more then either liberty or 
life. The honest and chaste woman is an Ermine, and the 
vertue of chastitie is whiter and purer then Snow : and he 
that would not lose it, but rather desires to keepc and 
preserve it, must proceed with a different stile from that of 
the Ermine. For they must not propose and lay before her 
the mire of the passions, flatteries and services of importu- 
nate Lovers ; for perhaps shee shall not have the naturall 
impulse and force which commonly through proper debility 
is wont to stumble, to passe over those incumbrances safely : 
and therefore it is requisite to free the passage and take 

71 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER them away, and lay before her the cleerenesse of vertue, 
^I and the beauty comprized in good fame. The good woman 

Wherein is is also like unto a bright and cleere mirrour of Crystall, 
rohearsed the ^nd therfore is subject to be stained and dimmed by every 
the curious breath that toucheth it. The honest woman is to be 
impertinent used as reliques of Saints, to wit, she must be honoured, 

but not touched. The good woman is to be kept and 
prized like a faire Garden full of sweet flowers and Roses, 
that is held in estimation ; whose owner permits no man to 
enter and trample, or touch his flowers, but holdes it to be 
suflicient, that they standing a farre off without the railes, 
may joy at the delightfull sight, and fragrancie thereof. 
Finally I will repeat certaine verses unto thee that have 
now come to my memorie, the which were repeated of late 
in a new play, and seeme to mee very fit for the purpose of 
which we treat. A prudent olde man did give a neighbour 
of his that had a daughter, counsaile to keepe and shut her 
up : and among many other reasons hee used these : 

Truely woman is of glasse^ 

Therefore no man ouffht to trie 
If she broke or not might bee^ 
Seeing all might come to passe. 

Yet to breake her tis more easie^ 
And it is no wit to venter 
A thing of so brittle temper^ 
That to soulder is so queasie. 

And I would have all men dwell 
In this truths and reasons ground^ 
That if Danaes^ may be found. 
Golden showres are found as welL 

All that which I have said to thee Anselmo untill this 
instant, hath beene for that which may touch thy selfe : and 
it is now high time that somewhat bee heard concerning 
me. And if by chance I shall be somewhat prolixe, I pray 
thee to pardon me; for the Labyrinth wherein thou hast 
entred, and out of which thou wouldest have mee to free 
thee, requires no lesse. Thou boldest me to be thy friend, 
and yet goest about to dispoyle me of mine honour, being 
a thing contrary to all amitie ; and dost not onely pretend 
this, but dost likewise indeavour that I should robbe thee of 
78 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the same, that thou wouldest deprive me of mine is evident ; CHAPTER 

for when Camila shall perceive that I soUicite her as thou ^ 

demaundest, it is certaine that she will esteeme of me, as of Wherein is 

one quite devoide of wit, and indiscreet, seeing I intend and JJ^c*'?«d ^® 

doe a thing so repugnant to that, which the being that ^g curious 

him I am, and thme amitie doe binde me unto, that thou impertinent 

wouldest have me rob thee thereof is as manifest; for 

Camila seeing mee thus to court her^ must imagine that I 

have noted some lightnesse in her, which lent me boldnes 

thus to discover unto her my depraved desires, and she 

holding her selfe to be thereby injuried and dishonoured, 

her disgrace must also conceme thee as a principall part of 

her. And hence springs that which is commonly said, that 

the husband of the adulterous wife, althougn he know 

nothing of her lewdnesse, nor hath given any occasion to 

her to doe what she ought not, nor was able any way to 

hinder by diligence, care, or other means his disgrace, yet 

is intituled with a vituperious and vile name, and is in a 

manner beheld by those that know his wives malice, with 

the eyes of contempt; whereas they should indeed regard 

him rather with those of compassion, seeing that hee fals 

into that misfortune, not so much through his owne default, 

as through the light fantasie of his wicked consort. But I 

will shew thee the reason why a badde womans husband is 

justly dishonoured and contemned, although he be ignorant 

and guiltlesse thereof, and cannot prevent nor hath given to 

it any occasion. And be not grieved to heare me, seeing 

the benefit of the discourse shall redound unto thy selfe. 

When God created our first parent in the terrestriall 
Paradise, the holy Scripture saith, ^ that God infused sleepe 
into Adam,^ and that oeing asleepe, he tooke out a riboe 
out of his left side, of which hee formed our mother Eve, and 
as soone as Adam awaked and beheld her, he said, this is 
flesh of my flesh, and bone of my bones. And Grod said, 
for this cause shall a man leave his father and his mother, 
and they shall be two in one flesh, and then was the divine 
Sacrament of Matrimonie first instituted, with such indis- 
soluble knots, as onely may be by death dissolved. And 
this marvellous Sacrament is of such eflicacie and force, as 

S:K 78 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER it makes two different persons to be one very flesh, and yet 
VI operates farther in gooid married folke : For although tney 

Wherein is have two soules, yet it makes them to have but one wilL 
rehearsed ^e And hence it proceeds, that by reason the wives flesh is one 
S^urio^ and the very same with her husbands, the blemishes or 
impertinent defects that taint it, doe also redound into the husbands, 

although he (as we have said) have ministred no occasion to 
receive ihat dammage. For as all the whole body feeles any 
paine of the foote, head or any other member, because it is 
all one flesh : and the head smarts at the griefe of the Ancle, 
although it hath not caused it, so is the husband parti- 
cipant of his wives dishonour, because he is one and the 
selfesame with her. And by reason that all the honours 
and dishonours of the world are, and spring from flesh and 
bloud ; and those of the badde woman oe of this kinde, it is 
forcible, that part of them fall to the husbands share, and 
that he be accoimted dishonourable, although he wholly 
be ignorant of it. See then Anselmo to what perill thou 
doest thrust thy selfe, by seeking to disturbe the quietnesse 
and repose wherein thy wife lives : and for how vaine and 
impertinent curiositie thou wouldest stir up the humors 
which are now quiet in thy chaste spouses brest; note 
how the thing thou dost adventure to gaine, is of small 
moment, but that which thou shaJt lose so great, that I 
must leave it in his point, having no wordes sufficiently able 
to indeere it. But if all that 1 have said, be not aole to 
move thee from thy badde purpose ; thou mayest well seeke 
out for some other instrument of thy dishonour and mis- 
haps : for I meane not to be one, although I should there- 
fore lose thine amitie, which is the greatest losse that might 
any way befall mee. 

Here the prudent Lothario held his peace, and Anselmo 
remained so confounded and melancholic, as he could not 
answere a word to him, for a very great while. But in the 
end he said. I have listned, friend Lothario, to all that 
which thou hast said unto me, with the attention which 
thou hast noted. And have perceived in thy reasons, ex- 
amples, and similitudes, the great discretion wherewithall 
thou art indowed, and the perfection of amitie that thou 
74 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

hast attained : and do also confesse and see, that if I follow CHAPTER 
not thine advice, but should leane unto mine owne, I doe ^1 

but shunne the good, and pursue the evill. Yet oughtest Wherein is 
thou likewise to consider, how herein I suffer the disease jefiearsed the 
which some women are wont to have, that long to eate K^^us 
earth, lime, coales, and other far worse and loathsome things, impertinent 
even to the very sight, and much more to the taste. So that 
it is behovefull to use some art by which I may be cured, 
and this might be easily done, by beginning only to sollicite 
Camila although you did it but weake and fainedly : for I 
know shee will not bee so soft and pliable, as to dash her 
honestie about the ground at the first encounters, and I will 
rest satisfied with this commencement alone : and thou shalt 
herein accomplish the obligation thou owest to our friend- 
ship, by not onely restoring mee to life, but also by per- 
swading me not to dispoile my selfe of mine honour. And 
thou art bound to doe this for one reason that I shall alledge, 
to wit, that I being resolved as indeed I am to make this 
experience, thou oughtest not to permit being my friend, 
that I should bewray my defect herein to a stranger, whereby 
I might very much indanger my reputation, which thou 
labourest so much to preserve, and though thy credit may 
lose some degrees in Camila^s opinion, whilst thou dost 
solicite her, it matters not very much or rather nothing ; 
for very shortly, when wee shall espie in her the integritie 
that we expect, thou maist open unto her sincerely the drift 
of our practice, by which thou shalt againe recover thine 
impaired reputation. Therefore seeing the adventure is 
little, and the pleasure thou shalt doe me by the enterpriz- 
ing thereof so, too great, I pray thee doe it, though ever so 
many incumbrances represent themselves to thee, for (as I 
have promised) with onely thy beginning, I will rest satisfied 
and account the cause concluded. 

Lothario perceaving the firme resolution of Anselmo, and 
nothing else occurring forcibly disswasive, nor knowing what 
other reasons to use, that might hinder this his precipitate 
resolution : and noting withall, how hee threatned to breake 
the matter of this his indiscreet desires to a stranger : he 
determined to avoid greater inconveniences to give him 

76 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER satis&ction, and performe bis denuumd, with purpose and 

VI resolution to guide the matter so discreetlj, as vithout 

Wlerain is troubling CamiWs thoughts, Ansebno should rest contented, 

ir'""iJ**?'* and therefore intraated him not to open his mind to any 

^T^lirious other, for he himselfe would undertake that enterprise, ana 

impertiDent. beginne it whraisoever he pleased. Anselmo imbraced him 

very tender and lovingly, and gratified him as much for that 

promise, as if hee had done him some very great favour; and 

there they accorded betweene them, that he should beginne 

the worke the very next day insuing, for he would give him 

Elace and leasure to speake alone with Camila, and would 
kewise provide him of money, jewels, and other things to 
present unto her. He did also admonish him to bring 
musicke under her windowes by night, and write verses in 
her praise, and if he would not teke the paiae to make 
them, he himselfe would compose them for him. Lothario 
promised to performe all himselfe, yet with an intention far 
wide from Anselmos ; and with this agreement they returned 
to Anselmos house, where they found Camila somewhat sad 
and carefull, expecting her husbands retume, who had stayed 
longer abroad that day then his custome. Lothario leaving 
him at his house, returned to his owne, as pensive as he had 
left Anselmo contented, and knew not what plot to lay, to 
issue out of that impertinent affaire with prosperous successe. 
But that night hee bethought himselfe of a manner how 
to deceive Anselmo without offending Camila : and so the 
next d^ insuing hee came to his friends house to dinner, 
where Camila knowing the great good will her husband bore 
towards him, did receave and entertaine him very kindly 
with the like : dinner being ended, and the table taken up, 
Anselmo requested Lothario to keepe Camila company until! 
his retume, for he must have gone about an aifaire that 
concerned him greatly, but woiud retume againe within an 
houre and a haSe. Camila intreated her husband to stay, 
and Lothario proferd to goe and keepe him companie, but 
nothing could prevaile with Anselmo, but rather he impor- 
tuned nis iriend Lothario, to remaine and abide there till 
bis returne, because hee must goe to treate of a matter of 
much consequence. Hee also commanded Camila not to 
76 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

leave Lothario alone untill he came backe. And so he de- CHAPTER 
parted, leaving Camila and Lothario together at the table, VI 

by reason that all the attendants and servants were gone to Wherein is 
dinner. rehearsed the 

Here Lothario saw that he was entred into the lists, JheciSious 
which his friend so much desired, with his adversarie before impertinent 
him, who was with her beautie able to overcome a whole 
squadron of armed Knights ; see then if Lothario had not 
reason to feare himselfe ? but that which he did at the first 
onset was to lay his elbow on the arme of his chaire, and 
his hand on his cheeke, and desiring Camila to beare with 
his respectlesnesse therein, he said he would repose a little, 
whilest he attended Anselmo^s comming. Camila answered 
that shee thought hee might take his ease better on the 
cushions of State, and therefore prayed him hee would enter 
into the parler and lye on them. But he excused himselfe, 
and so remained a sleepe in the same place, untill Anselmo^s 
retume, who comming in, and finding his wife in her 
Chamber and Lothario a sleepe, made full accoimt, that by 
reason of his long stay, they had time enough both to talke, 
and repose, and therefore expected very greedily the houre 
wherein his friend should awake, to go out with him, and 
leame what successe he had : all succeeded as he wished, for 
Lothario arose, and both of them went abroad, and then hee 
demanded of him what he desired : and Lothario answered, 
that it seemed not to him so good to discover al his mean- 
ing at the first, and therefore had done no other thing at 
that time, then speake a little of her beautie and discretion, 
for it seemed to him that this was the best preamble he 
could use, to gaine by little and little some interest and 
possession in her acceptance, to dispose her thereby the 
better to give eare againe to his words more willingly, 
imitating therein the Divels craft when he meanes to deceive 
any one that is vigilant and careful!, for then he translates 
himselfe into an Angell of light, being one of darkenesse, and 
laying before him apparent goods, discovers what he is in 
the end, and brings nis intention to passe, if his guiles be 
not at the beginning detected. All this did greatly like 
Anselmo, who said that he would affoorde him every dav as 

77 



CHAPTER 

VI 

Wherein is 
rehearsed the 
Historie of 
the curious 
impertinent 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

much leasure, although he did not goe abroad, for he would 
spend the time so at home, as Camila should never be able 
to suspect his drift. 

It tnerefore befell, that many daies passed, which Lothario 
did willingly overslip, and said nothing to Camila, yet did 
he ever soothe Anselmo, and told him, that hee had spoken 
to her, but could never win her to give the least argument of 
flexibilitie, or make way for the feeblest hope that might 
be: but rather affirmed that shee threatned him, that if 
hee did not repell his impertinent desires, she would detect 
his indirect proceedings to her husband. It is well quoth 
Anselmo. Hitherto Camila hath resisted words, it is there- 
fore requisite to trie what resistance she will make against 
works. I will give thee to morrow foure thousand crownes 
in gold, to the end thou maist offer, and also bestow them on 
her: and thou shalt have as many more to buy lewels, 
wherewithall to baite her : for women are naturally inclined, 
and specially if they be faire (be they ever so chaste) to ^oe 
brave and gorgeously attired, and if shee can overcome this 
temptation, I will remaine pleased, and put thee to no more 
trouble. Lothario answered, that seeing he had begun, he 
would beare his enterprise on to an end, although he made 
full account, that he should depart from the conflict, both 
tyred and vanquished. He receaved the foure thousand 
crownes the next day, and at once with them foure thousand 
perplexities, for he knew not what to invent, to lie a new ; 
out concluded finally to tell to his friend how Camila was as 
inflexible at gifts and promises as at words, and therefore it 
would be in vaine to travaile any more in her pursuite, seeing 
he should doe nothing else but spend the time in vaine. 

But fortune, whidi guided these affaires in another 
manner, so disposed, that Anselmo having left Lothario and 
Camila alone as he was wont, entred secretly into a chamber, 
and thorow the crannies and chinks did listen and see what 
they would doe : where he perceaved that Lothario in the 
space of halfe an houre, spoke not a word to Camila, nor 
yet would he have spoken though hee had remained there 
a whole age, and thereupon surmised straight, that all that 
which his friend had told him of Camilas answeres and his 

78 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

owne speech were but fictions and untruthes : and that hcc CHAPTER 
might the more confirme himselfe, and see whether it were VI 

so, he came forth and calling Lothario apart, he demaunded Wherein is 
of him what Camila had said, and in what humor shee rehearsed the 

was at the present? Lothario answered that he meant 4.i,!f*!!y!L?/o 
i ^ i ii*ii. .. ^1 ^^ cunous 

not ever any more to sound her m that matter, for shee impertinent 

replied to him so untowardly and sharply, as he durst not 
attempt any more to speake unto her of such things. O, 
quoth Anselmo, Lothario, Lothario, how evill dost thou 
answere to the affection thou owest mee, or to the con- 
fidence I did repose in thee ? I have stood beholding thee 
all this while tnrough the hole of that locke, and saw how 
thou never spokest one word to her. Whereby I doe also 
collect, that thou hast not yet once accosted her : and if it 
be so, as doubtlesly it is, say, why dost thou deceave me ? or 
why goest thou about fraudulently to deprive me of those 
meanes, whereby I may obtaine my desires ? Anselmo said 
no more, yet what he said was sufficient to make Lothario 
confused and ashamed, who taking it to be a blemish to his 
reputation to bee found in a lie, swore to Anselmo, that hee 
would from thence forward so indevour to please his minde, 
and tell him no more leasings, as hee himselfe mi^ht prceave 
the successe thereof, if he did again curiously lye m watch 
for him : a thing which hee might well excuse, because his 
most serious labour to satisfie his desire, should rcmoovc all 
shadow of suspicion. Anselmo beleeved him, and that he 
might give him the greater commodity, and lesse occasion 
of feare, he resolved to absent himselfe from his house some 
eight daies, and goe to visit a friend of his, that dwelled in a 
Viilace not farre from the Cittie, and therefore dealt with his 
friend that he should send a messenger to call for him very 
earnestly, that under that pretext, he might finde an excuse 
to Camila for his departure. 

O infortunate and inconsiderate Anselmo, what is that 
which thou doest ? what doest thou contrive ? or what is 
that thou goest about ? l)ehold, thou workest thine owne 
mine, lajdng plots of thine owne dishonour, and giving order 
to thy proper perdition. Thy wife Camila is gooa, thou 
dost possesse her in quiet and peaceable manner, no man 

79 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER surpriseth thy delights, her thoughts transgresse not the 
^^ limits of her house. Thou art her neayen on earth, and the 

Wherein is goale to which her desires aspire. Thou art the accomplish- 
J^f**?^^* ment and sunime of her delectation, thou art the squire 
the^irious ^X ^^^^ ^^^ measureth and directeth her wiU, adjusting 
impertinent wholy with thine and with that of heaven. Since then the 

mines of her honour, beautie, modestie, and recollection, 
bountifully afford thee without any toile, all the treasures 
* contained in them, or thou canst desire, why wouldest thou 
digge the earth, and seeke out new vaines, and new scene 
treasures, exposing thy selfe to the danger, that thy labours 
may tume to wracke, seeing in fine, that they are only 
sustained by the weake supporters of her fraile nature? 
remember how he that seekes the impossible, may justly bee 
refused of that which is possible, according unto that which 
the Poet saith : 

In death for life I seeke^ 
Health in infirmitie : 
For issue in a dungeon deepe : 
In jayles for libertie. 
And in a treachour loyaltie. 

But envious fate, which still 
Conspires to worke mine ill. 
With Heaven hath thus deoreed ; 
That easie things should be to me denide, 
'Cause I crave ui' impossible. 

Anselmo departed the next day following to the Village, 
tellinff Camila at his departure, that whilest hee were absent, 
his fnend Lothario would come and see to the affaires of his 
house, and to eate with her, and desired her therefore, to 
make as much of him, as she would doe of his owne person. 
Camila like a discreet and modest woman, was grieved at the 
order her husband did give to her, and reauested him to render 
how indecent it was that any one shoula possesse the chaire 
of his table, he being absent, and if hee did it, as doubting 
her insufHciende, to manage his houshold affaires, that at 
least he should make triall of her that one time, and should 
clearely perceive how she was able to discharge matters of 
farre greater consequence. Anselmo replyed, that what hee 
commanded, was his pleasure, and therefore shee had notiiing 
80 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

else to doe, but hold downe the head, and obay it. Camila CHAPTER 

answered, that shce would do so, although it was very much VI 

against her will. In fine her husband departed, and Lothario Wlerein is 

came the next day following to the house, where hee was rehearsed the 

entertained by Camila very friendly, but would never treate JJ^*<>"? ®^ 
.., tj.1'1 uj. ji_i the cunous 

with Liothario alone, but evermore was compassed by her impertinent 

servant and waiting Maidens, but chiefly by one called 

Leonela, whom she loved dearely ; as one that had beenc 

brought up with her in her Fathers house, even from their 

infancie, and when shee did marry Anselmo, shee brought her 

from thence in her company. 

The first three dayes Lothario spoke not a word, although 
he might, when the tables were taken up, and that the folke 
of the house went hastely to dinner, for so Camila had com- 
manded, and did give Leonela order besides to dine before 
her selfe, and that shee should still keepe by her side : but 
the gyrle which had her fancie otherwise imployed in thinges 
more pleasing her humour, and needed those houres and 
times for the accomplishing of them, did not tdwaies accom- 
plish so punctually her Ladies command, but now and then 
would leave her alone, as if that were her Ladies beheast. 
But the honest presence of Camila, the gravitie of her face, 
and the modestie of her carriage was such, as it served as 
a bridle to restraine Lotharios tongue. But the benefit of 
Camilas many vertues, setting silence to Lotharios speech, 
resulted afterward to both their harmes. For though the 
tongue spoke not, yet did his thoughts discourse, and had 
leasure afforded them to contemplate, part by part, all the 
extremes of worth and beautie that were cumulated in 
Camila, potent to inflame a statue of frozen Marble : how 
much more an heart of flesh. Lothario did only behold her 
in the time and space he should speake unto her, and did 
4hen consider how worthy shee was to be loved. And this 
consideration did by little and little give assaults to the 
respects which he ought to have borne towards his friepd 
Anselmo : a thousand times did hee determine to absent him- 
selfe from the Cittie, and goe where Anselmo should never see 
him, nor hee Camila, but the delight hee tooke in beholding 
her did againc vrith-hold and hinder his resolutions. When 

2:L 81 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER hee was tdone, he would condcmnc himselfc of his madde 
VI designe, and tearme himselfe a badde fnend and worse Chris- 

Wherein is tian, hee made discourses and comparisons betweene himselfe 
rehearsed the ^nd Anselmo, all which did finish in this point that Anselmo^s 
2^^\)^ foolhardinesse, and madnesse, was greater, then his owne in- 
impertinent, fidelitie, and that if hee might bee as easily excused before 

Gt>d, for that he meant to doe, as he woula be before men, 
he needed not to feare any punishment should bee inflicted 
on him for the crime : finally, Camilas beautie and worths, 
assisted by the occasion, which the ignorant husband had 
thrust into his fists, did wholly mine and overthrow Lothario 
his loytdtie, an(l therefore without regarding any other thing 
then that to which his pleasure conducted him, about a 
three dayes after Anselmos departure (which time he had 
spent in a continuall battaile and resistance of his contend- 
ing thoughts) he beganne to solicite Camila, with such 
trouble of the spirits, and so amorous wordes, as she was 
strucken almost beside her selfe with wonder, and made him 
no other answere, but arising from the table, flung away in a 
furie into her chamber. But yet for all this drines, Lothario 
his hope (which is wont evermore to bee borne at once 
with love) was nothing dismayed, but rather accounted the 
more of Camila, who perceiving that in Lothario, which 
she never durst before to imagine, knew not what she might 
doe ; but it seeming unto her to be a thing neither secure 
nor honest, to give him occasion or leisure to speake unto 
him againe, determined to send one unto her husband 
^ Anselmo the same very night, as indeed she did, with 
a letter to recal him home to her house. The 
subject of her Letter was this. 



82 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER VII 

Wherein is prosecuted the History of the 
curious impertinent 

VEN as it is commonly said, that an Armie 
' seemes not well without a Grenerall, or 
' a Castle without a Constable, so doe I 
' affirme, that it is much more indecent 
' to see a young married woman without 
^ her husl»nd, when he is not Justly de- 
' tfiined away by necetsarie aftaires. I 
' Hade my selfe so ill-disposed in your 
' absence, and so impatient and impotent to indure it longer, 
' as if you doe not speedily retume, I shall be constrained 
' to retume backe unto my father, although I should leave 
' your house without any keeping. For the guard you ap- 
' pointed for me, if it be so that bee may deserve that title, 

* tookes more I beleeve to his owne pleasure, then to that 
' which concemes you, therefore seeing you have wit enough, 

* I will say no more, nor ought I to say more in reason/ 

Anselmo received the Letter, and by it understood that 
Lothario had begun the enterprize, and that Camila had 
answered to him according as he had hoped : and marvellous 
glad at the newes, he answered his wife by word of mouth, 
that she should not remoove in any wise from her house, 
for he would retume with all speed. Camila was greatly 
admired at his answer, which struck her into a greater per- 
plexitie then she was at the first, being affraid to stay at 
home, and also to go to her father. For by staying, she 
indangers her honesty, by going, she should transgresse her 
husbands commaund : at last she resolved to do that which 
was worst, which was to remaini.' at home, and not to shunne 
Lotharios presence, lest she should give her servants occa- 
sion of suspition : and now she was grieved to have written 
what she did to her husband, fearefull lest he should thinke 



Whereia is 
proHcuted 
the History 
Ofthecimoa 
impertinent. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER that Lothario had noted in her some tokea of lightnesse, 
VII which might have moved him to lose the respect which 

otherwise was due unto her: but confident in her innocency, 
she cast her hopes in God and her good thoughts, where- 
withal! shee thought to resist all Lotharios words, and by 
holding her silent without making him any answere, without 
giving any further account of the matter to her husband, 
&st thereby she might plunge him in new difficulties and 
contention with his friend, and did therefore bethinke her 
how shee might excuse Lothario to Anselmo, when he 
should demand the occasion that moved her to write unto 
him that Letter. With these more honest then profitable 
or discreete resolutions, she gave eare the second day to 
Lothario, who charged her with such resolution, as her 
constancy beganne to stagger, and her honesty had enough 
to doe, recurring to her eyes to containe them, lest they 
should give any demonstration of the amorous compassion 
which Lotharios wordes and teares had stirred in her brest. 
Lothario noted all this, and it inflamed him the more. 
Finally, he thought that it was requisite the time and 
leisure which Anaelmoes absence aiFoorded him, to lay closer 
siege to that Fortresse : and so he assaulted Iier presumptiu- 
ously with the praises of her beauty ; for there is nothing 
which with such facility doth render and raze to the ground 
the proudly-crested Turrets of womens vanity, tlien the 
same vanity being dilated on by the tongue of adulation 
and flattery. To oe bricfe, he did with all diligence under- 
mine the rocke of her integrity with so warlike engines, 
as although Camila were made of brasge, yet would she 
be overthrowne. For Lothario wept, intreated, promised, 
flattered, persisted and fained so feelingly, and with such 
tokens of truth, as traversing Camilas care of her honour, 
he came in the end to triumph over that which was least 
suspected, and he most desired : for she rendred her selfe, 
even Camila rendred her selfe. But what wonder if 
Lotharioes amitie could not stand on foote P A cleere ex- 
ample, ploinlv demonstrating that the amorous passion is 
onely vanquisned by shunning it; and that no body ought 
to adveuture to wrestle with so strong an adversarie: for 
84 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

heavenly forces are necessarie for him that would confront CHAPTER 
the violence of that passion, although humane. None but VII 
Leonela knew the weakenesse of her Ladie, for from her Wherein is 
the two bad friends and new lovers could not conceale the prosecuted 
matter : nor yet would Lothario discover to Camila her ^^e History 
husbands pretence, or that he had given him wittingly the impertinent, 
oportunity whereby he arrived to that passe, because she 
should not imagine that he had gotten her lightly, and by 
chance, and did not purposely sollicite her. 

A few dayes after Anselmo arrived to his house, and did 
not perceive what wanted therein, to wit, that which it had 
lost, and he most esteemed. From thence he went to see 
his friend Lothario, whom he found at home, and embrac- 
ing one another, he demanded of him the newes of his life 
or of his death. The newes which I can give thee, friend 
Anselmo, quoth Lothario, are, that thou hast a wife, who 
may deservedly be the example and garland of all good 
women. The words that I spoke unto her, were spent on 
the ayre, my proffers contemned, and my gifts repulsed, and 
besides, she nath mockt me notably for certaine fained 
tearcs that I did shed. In resolution, even as Camila is the 
patteme of all beauty, so is she a treasury wherein modesty 
resides, courtesie and warinesse dwell, and all the other 
vertues that may beautifie an honourable woman, or make 
her fortunate. Therefore friend take backe thy money, for 
here it is ready, and I never had occasion to imploy it : for 
Camila'^s integritie cannot be subdued with so base things 
as are gifts and promises. And Anselmo content thy selfe 
now with the proofes made already, without attempting to 
make any farther triall. And seeing thou hast past over 
the Sea of difficulties and suspitions with a drie foote, which 
may and are wont to be had of women : doe not eftsoones 
enter into the profound depthes of new inconveniences, nor 
take thou any other Pilot to make experience of the ^ood- 
nesse and strength of the vessell that heaven hath allotted 
to thee, to passe therein through the Seas of this world : but 
make account that thou art harboured in a safe haven, and 
there hold thy selfe fast with the Anchors of good con- 
sideration, and so rest thee untill death come to demaund his 

86 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER debt, from the payment whereof no Nobility or priviledge 
^^1 whatsoever can exempt us.. Anselmo rested singularly sat^- 
Wherein is fied at Lotharios discourse, and did beleeve it as firmely 
S^^H'^fcrT^ as if it were delivered by an Oracle ; but did intreat him 
of tiie cumus ^notwithstanding to prosecute his attempt, although it were 
impertinent onely done for curiositie, and to passe away the time ; yet 

not to use so efficacious meanes, as he thitherto practised : 
and that he only desired him to write some verses in her 

E raise, under the name of Clori, for hee would make Camila 
eleeve, how that he was inamoured of a certaine Lady, to 
whom he did appropriate that name, that hee might celebrate 
her praises witn the respect due to her honour : and that if 
he would not take the pajmes to invent them, that he him- 
selfe would willingly compose them. That is not needfull, 
quoth Lothario, for the Muses are not so alienated from me, 
but that they visite mee sometimes in the yeare. Tell you 
unto Camila what you have devised of my loves : and as for 
the verses, I will make them my selfe, if not so well as the 
subject deserves, yet at the least as artificially as I may devise 
them. The impertinent curious man and his treacherous 
friend having thus agreed, and Anselmo returned to his 
house, he demaunded of Camila that which she marvelled he 
had not asked before, that shee should tell unto him the 
occasion why shee sent unto him the Letter ? Camila made 
answere, because it seemed unto her, that Lothario beheld 
her somewhat more immodestly then when he was at home ; 
but that now she did againe disswade her selfe, and beleeved 
that it was but a light surmise, without any ground, because 
that she perceived Lothario to loath her presence, or be 
by any meanes alone with her. Anselmo tolde her that 
she miffht very well live secure for him, for that he knew 
Lotharios afiections were bestowed else- where, and that upon 
one of the noblest damzels of the Citie, whose praises he 
solemnized under the name of Clori, and that although he 
were not, yet was there no cause to doubt of Lotharios 
vertue, or the amitie that was betweene them both. Here 
if Camila had not beene premonished by Lothario, that the 
love of Clori was but fained, and that he himselfe had told 
it to Anselmo to blinde him, that he might with lesse diffi- 
86 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

cultie celebrate her owne praises under the name of Clori, CHAPTER 
shee had without doubt falne into the desperate toyles VII 

of jealousie ; but being already advertised, she posted Wherein is 
over that assault lightly. The day following they three ff*^-^!^ 
sitting together at dinner, Anselmo requested Lothario to of tiie^curious 
repeate some one of the verses that he had made to his impertinent 
beloved Clori; for seeing that Camila knew her not, he 
might boldly say what ne pleased. Although she knew 
her, quoth Lothario, yet would I not therefore suppresse 
any part of her praises. For when any Lover praiseth his 
Ladie for her beauty, and doth withall taxe her of cruelty, 
her credit incurres no danger. But befall what it list, I 
composed yesterday a Sonnet of the ingratitude of Clori, 
and IS this ensuing : 

A Sonnet. 

Amidst the silence of the darkest nighty 

When sweetest sleepe invadeth mortall eyes : 

I poore account^ to neav'n and Clori bright^ 

Give of the richest harmes^ which ever rise. 
And at the time^ we Phoebus may devise^ 

Shine through the Roseall gates of th' Orient bright, 

With deepe accents, and sighes in wonted guise 

I doe my plaints renew, with maine and might. 
And when the Sunne, downe from his starry seat 

Directest rayes^ towards the earth doth send. 

My sighes I double and my sad regrete. 

And night retumes, but of my woes no end : 

For I iinde alwaies in my mortall strife, 

Heav'n without eares, and Clori likewise deafe. 

Camila liked the Sonnet very well, but Anselmo best of 
all ; for he praised it, and said, that the Lady must be very 
cruell, that would not answer such perspicuous truths, with 
reciprocall aiFection. But then Camila answered. Why then 
belilee ell that which inamoured Poets say is true ? In as 
much as Poets, quoth Lothario, they say not truth : but as 
they are inamoured, they remaine as short as they are true. 
That is auestionlesse, quoth Anselmo, all to underprop and 
give Lothario more credite with Camila, who was as carelesse 
of the cause her husband said so^ as she was enamoured 

87 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER of Lothario, and therefore with the delight she tooke in 
VII his compositions, but chiefly knowing that his desires and 

Wherein is labors were addrest to her selfe, who was the true Clori, 
PJ^^^.***^ she intreated him to repeate some other Sonnet or Dittie, 
of the^curious ^^ ^^ remembred any. Yes that I doe, quoth Lothario, 
impertinent but I beleeve that it is not so good as the nrst, as you may 

well judge, for it is this : 

A Sonnet. 

I die, and if I cannot be beleev'd. 
My death 's more certaine, as it is most sure^ 
To see me at thy feet, of Hfe depriv'd : 
Rather then grieve, this thraldome to endure. 

Well may I in oblivious shades obscure 
Of fflory, life, and fevour be denide : 
And yet even there, shall in my bosome pure. 
The shape of thy fisdre face ingrav'd be eyed. 

For that 's a relique, which I doe reserve 

For the last traunces, my contentions threaten, 
Which midst thy rigour doth it selfe preserve. 
O woe 's the wight, that is by tempests beaten 
By night, in uiucnowne Seas, in danger rife, 
For want of North, or haven to lose his life ! 

Anselmo commended also this second Sonnet as hec had 
done the first, and added by that meanes one linke to another 
in the chaine, wherewith he intangled himselfe, and forged 
his owne dishonour : seeing when Lothario dishonoured him 
most of all, he said unto him then that he honored him 
most. And herewithtdl Camila made all the linkes, that 
verily served onely to abase her downe to the Center of con- 
tempt, seeme to mount her in her husbands opinion, up to 
the neight of vertue and good fame. 

I \ It befell soone after, that Camila finding her selfe alone 
with her mayden, said to her, I am ashamed, friend Leonela, 
to see how bttle I knew to value my self, seeing that I made 
not Lothario spend some time at least in the purchasing the 
whole possession of mee, which I with a prompt will bestowed 
upon him so speedily. I feare mee that he will impute my 
hastinesse to iightnesse, without considering the force he 
used towards mee, which wholly hindred and disabled my 

88 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

resistance. Let not that afflict you, Madam, quoth Leonela, CHAPTER 
for it is no sufficient cause to diminish estimation, that, VII 
that bee given quickly which is to be given, if that in effect Wherein is 
be good tliat is given, and be in it seife worthy of estima- proswuted 
tion ; for it is an old proverbe, * That hee that gives quickly, ^ the^umus 
gives twice.' It is also said as well, quoth Camila, * That impertineut 
that which costeth little, is lesse esteemed.'' That reason 
hath no place in you quoth Leonela, for as much as love, 
according as some have said of it, doth sometimes flie, other 
times it goes, it runs with this man, and goes leasurely with 
the other ; it makes some key-cold, and inflames others, 
some it wounds, and some it kils, it begins the Carrire of 
his desires in an instant, and in the very same, concludes it 
likewise: It is wont to lay siege to the fortresse in the morn- 
ing, and at night it makes it to yeelde ; for therms no force 
able to resist it : which being so, what doe you wonder, or 
what is it that you feare ? If the same hath befalne Lothario, 
seeing that love made of my Lords absence an instrument 
to vanquish us ? and it was forcible, that in it we should 
conclude on it which love had before determined, without 
giving time it selfe any time, to leade Anselmo that he 
might retume, and with his presence leave the worke im- 
perjfect. For love hath none so officious or better a minister 
to execute his desires then is occasion : It serves it selfe of 
occasion in ell his act, but most of all at the beginning. 
And all this that I have said, I know rather by experience 
then hearsay : as I will some day let you to understand : for 
Madam, I am likewise made of flesh, and lustie yong bloud. 
And as for you Ladie, Camila, you did not give up and 
yeelde your selfe presently, but stayed until you had first 
seene in Lotharios eyes, his sighes in his discourses, in his 
promises and gifts all his soule, in which and in his per- 
fections, you might read how worthy he is to be loved. 
And seemg this is so, let not these scruples and nice 
thoughts assault or further disturbe your mind, but per- 
swade your selfe that Lothario esteemes you as much as 
you doe him, and lives with content and satisfaction, seeing 
that it was your fortune to fal into the amorous snare, 
that it was his good luck to catch you with his valour and 
2 : M 89 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER deaetU : who not ooHj hsth the fijoie S^. winch they saj 

^' every good Lof^er ought to have, but alio the whole A.fiLC. 

Wkemn m which if tou will sot credite, doe but Ibten to me & while, 

F!|[^^^^^ Mid I will repeate it to jou by roate. He is as it aeones, 

&nkJ^Mn&m ^^ ^ ^"^^ ^ ' ^'^ i^''^^ Miiiablej buu utifu ll, courteous, 
ityertiniut dutifiiU, eiMunored, finne, gmllsat, hooormUe, iUustrious, 

loyall, milde, noble, honest, prudent, quiet, rkh, and the 
&& ninth they say, tmd bender true, Talofous. The X« 
doth not qua«r well with him, because it sounds harshly : 
Y. he is Yong. And the Z. he is aealous of thine honour. 
Camila lauj^ied at her maydens AJB.C. and accounted her 
to bee more practicfce in love-matters, then she her sdfe had 
confessed, as indeed she was, for th« she revealed to her 
Mistresse, how she and a certaine young man well borne of 
the Citie did treate of love one with another : Hereat her 
Mistresse was not a little troubled in minde, fearing that 
her homyur might be greatlv indangered by that meanes; she 
demanded whether her affections had passed farther then 
words, and the maide answered very shamelesly and freely 
that they did : for it is most certaine, that tius kinde of 
wretdilesse Mistresses doe also make their maydens care- 
les«e and impudent : who when they perceive tiidr Ladies 
to faulter, are commonly wont to hault likewise themselves, 
and care not that the world doe know it. Camila seeing this 
errour past remedie, could doe no more but intreate Leonela, 
not to reveale any thing of her affaires to him she said was 
her sweet heart ; and that she should handle her matters 
discreetly and secretlv, lest they might come to Anselmo or 
Lothario^s notice. Leonela promised to performe her wil, 
but did accomplish her promise in such sort, as she did con- 
firme Camilas feares, that she should lose her credit by her 
meanes. For the dishonest and bold Gyrle after that shee 
had perceived that her Mistres her proceedings were not 
such as thev were wont, grew so hardy, as shee gave en- 
trance, and brought her lover into her Maisters house, pre- 
suming that although her Ladie knew it, yet would she not 
dare to discover it. For this among ouier harmes follow 
the sinnes of Mistresses, that it makes them slaves to their 
ownc servants, and doth oblige them to conceale their dis- 
90 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

honest and base proceeding, as it fell out in Camila, who, CHAPTER 
although she espied Leonela not once onely, but sundry ^^ 
times together with her lover in a certaine chamber of the Wherein is 
house, she not onely dared not to rebuke her for it, but S"^.^jj?* 
rather gave her oportunity to hide him, and would re- ^jf^^ cuSui 
move ajl occasions out of her husbands way, whereby he impertinent 
might suspect any such thing. 

But all could not hinder Lothario from espying him once, 
as he departed out of the house at the breake of the day : 
who not knowing him, thought at the first that it was a 
spirit, but when he saw him post away, and cast his cloake 
over his face, lest he should be knowne, he abandoning his 
simple surmise, fell into a new suspicion which had over- 
throwne them all, were it not that Camila did remedie it. 
For Lothario thought, that he whom he had scene issue out 
of Anselmos house at so unreasonable an houre, had not 
entred into it for Leonelas sake, nor did he remember then 
that there was such a one as Leonela in the world, but 
onely thought that as Camila was lightly gotten by him, so 
belike she was wonne by some other. For the wickednesse 
of a bad woman bringeth usually all these additions, that 
she loseth her reputation even with him to whom prayed 
and perswaded shee yeeldeth her selfe: and he beleeveth 
that shee will as easily, or with more facility consent to 
others, and doth inftdhbly credit the least suspicion which 
thereof may be offered. 

And it seemes that Lothario in this instant was wholy 
deprived of all reasonable discourse, and quite dispoyled of 
his understanding, for without pondering of the matter, 
impatient and kindled by the jealous rage that inwardly 
gnawed his bowels, fretting with desire to be revenged on 
Camila, who had never offended him, he came to Anselmo 
before he was up, and said to him : know, Anselmo, that I 
have had these many daies a civill conflict within my selfe 
whether I should speak or no, and I have used as much 
violence as I might, to my selfe, not to discover a thing 
unto you, which now it is neither just nor reasonable I 
shoula concetde. Enow that Camilas fortresse is rendred, 
and subject to all that I please to commaund, and if I have 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER beene somewhat slow to informe thee this of truth, it was 
VH because I would first see, whether it proceeded of some light 
Wherein is appetite in her : or whether shee did it to trie me, and see 
P'^^.^*®^ wnether that love was still constantly continued, which I 
of the cumus ^^^ began to make unto her by thy order and licence. I 
impertinent, did also beleeve, that if she had beene such as she ought to 

bee, and her that we both esteemed her, she would have by 
this time acquainted you with my importunacy : but seeing 
that she lingers therem, I presume that her promises made 
unto mee are true, that when you did again absent yourselfe 
out of the towne, she would speake with mee in the ward- 
robe (and it was true, for there Camila was accustomed to 
talke with him) yet would not I have thee runne rashly to 
take revenge, seeing the sinne is not yet otherwise com- 
mitted then in thought, and perhaps betweene this and the 
oportunity she might hope to put it in execution, her 
mind would be changed, and she repent her selfc of her 
folly. And therefore seeing that thou hast ever followed 
mine advises partly or wholy, follow and keepe one counsell 
that I will give unto thee now, to the end that thou mayest 
after with carefull assurance, and without fraud, satisfie 
thine own will as thou likest best: faine thy selfe to be 
absent two or three daies as thou art wont, and then con- 
vey thy selfe cunningly into the wardrobe, where thou 
maist very well hide thy selfe behind the Tapestry, and 
then thou shtdt see with thine owne eyes, and I with mine 
what Camila will doe ; and if it be that wickednesse which 
rather ought to be feared then hoped for, thou maiest with 
wisedome, silence, and discretion bee the proper executioner 
of so injurious a wrong. 

Anselmo remained amazed, and almost besides himselfe, 
hearing his friend Lothario so unexpectedly to acquaint 
him with those things, in a time wherein he least expected 
them, for now hee esteemed Camila to have escaped victresse 
from the forged assaults of Lothario, and aid himselfe 
triumph for glorie of her victorie: suspended thus and 
troubled, he stood silent a great while looking on the 
earth, without once removing his eye from it ; and finally, 
turning towards his friend, he said. Lothario, thou hast 
92 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

done all that which I could expect from so intire amitie, CHAPTER 
and I do therfore meane to follow thine advice in all things ^^^ 
precisely : doe therefore what thou pleasest, and keep that Wherein is 
secret which is requisite in so waignty and unexpected an P^^^.^®^ 
event Or that I do promise, quoth Lothario : and so q{\}^q cumn 
departed wholly repented for what hee had told to Anselmo, impertinent 
seeing how foolishly hee had proceeded, since hee might have 
revenged himselfe on Camila very well, without taking a 
way so cruell and dishonorable. There did he curse his 
little wit ; and abased his light resolution, and knewe not 
what means to use to destroy what he had done, or give it 
some reasonable and contrary issue. In the end hee resolved 
to acquaint Camila with the whole matter, and by reason 
that he never missed of oportunitie to speak unto her, he 
found her alone the very same day ; and shee seeing like- 
wise that shee had fit time to speake unto him, said. Know 
friend Lothario, that a certaine thing doth pinch my heart 
in such manner, as it seemes ready to burst m my brest, as 
doubtlesly I feare me that in time it wiU, if we cannot 
set a remedie to it. For such is the immodestie of Leonela, 
as shee shuts up a lover of hers every night in this house, 
and remaines with him untill day light, which so much 
concemes my credit, as it leaves open a spacious field to 
him, that sees the other goe out of my house at so un- 
seasonable times, to judge of me what he pleaseth; and 
that which most grieves mee, is, that I dare not punish or 
rebuke her for it. For shee being privie to our proceedings 
sets a bridle on me, and constraines me to conceale hers ; 
and hence, I feare me will bad successe befall us. Lothario 
at the first suspected that Camila did speake thus to make 
him beleeve that the man whom he had espied was Leonela^s 
friend, and none of hers : but seeing her to weepe indeede 
and bee greatly afflicted in minde, he began at last to give 
credit unto the truth, and beleeving it, was greatly con- 
founded and grieved for that he had done. And yet not- 
withstanding nee answered Camila that shee should not 
trouble or vexe her selfe any more, for he would take such 
order, as Leonelas impudencies should be easily crost and 
suppressed. And then did recount unto her all that hee had 

93 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER seAd to Anselmo, spurd on by the furioug rage of Jealous 
VII indignation, and how her husband had agreed to hide him- 

Wherein b gelfe behind the tapeatrie of the wardroBe, that he might 
?ir**H'^ta* from thence clearelv perceive the little loyaltie shee kept 
of the curioui towards him, and demanded pardon of her for that folly 
iropertiuent ^^d counsaile to redrease it, and come safely out of the intn- 
cate Labyrinth, whereioto his weake-eyed discoune had con- 
ducted him. 

Camila havine heard Lothario^g diBCOurse, was afraid 
and amazed, and with great anger, and many and dis- 
creet reasons did rebuke him, reTiling the basenesse of his 
thoughts, and the simple and little consideration that hee 
had. But as women have naturally a suddaine wit, for good 
or bad, much more prompt then men : although when 
indeed they would make discourses, it proves defective. 
So Camila found in an instant a remedy for an affaire 
in apparance so irremediable and belplesse, and therefore 
bade Lothario to induce his friend Anselmo to hide him- 
selfe the next day ensuing, for shee hoped to take com- 
modity out of his being there, for them both to joy one 
another with more secuntie then ever they had before : and 
without wholly manifesting her proverbe to him, shee only 
advertised him to have care, that after Anselmo were hidden, 
he should presently come when Leonela called for him, and 
that he should answer her as directly to every questioQ shee 
proposed, as if Anselmo were not in place. Lothario did 
urge her importunately to declare her designe unto him, to 
the end hee might with more security and advice observe all 
that was necessarie. I say, quoth Camila, there is no other 
observance to bee had, then only to answere me directly to 
what I shall demaund. For she would not give him account 
beforehand of her determination, fearefull that he would 
not confonne himselfe to her opinion which she tooke to 
bee so good ; or else least he would follow or seeke any 
other, that would not prove after so well. Thus departed 
Lothario, and Anselmo, under pretext that hee would visit 
his friend out of Towne departed, and returned covertly 
back againe to .hide himselfe, which hee could do the more 
commodiously, because Camila and Leonela did purposely 
94 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

afford him oportunitie. Anselmo, having hidden himselfe, CHAPTER 
with the griefe that may bee ima^ned one would con- VII 

ceive, who did expect to see with his owne eyes an anot- \VTierein is 
omie made of the bowels of his honour, and was in danger pro8«!uted 
to lose the highest felicitie that hee accounted himselfe ^f the^cumui 
to possesse in his beloved Camila: Camila and Leonela impertinent 
being certainc that he was hidden within the wardrobe, 
entred into it, wherein scarce had Camila set her foote, 
when breathing forth of a deepe sigh shee spoke in this 
manner : 

Ah friend Leonela were it not better, that before I put 
in execution, that which I would not have thee to know, 
lest thou shouldest indeavour to hinder it, that thou takest 
Anselmos poyniard that I have sought of thee, and passe 
this infamous brest of mine through and through ? but doe 
it not, for it is no reason that I should suffer for other mens 
faults. I will know first of all what the bold and dishonest 
eyes of Lothario noted in me that should stirre in him the 
presumption to discover unto me so unlawfuU a desire, 
as that which hee hath revealed, so much in contempt of 
his friend, and to my dishonour. Stand at that window 
Leonela, and call him to mee, for I doe infallibly beleeve, 
that hee stands in the streete awayting to effect nis wicked 
purpose. But first my crucll, yet honorable minde shall 
be Brst performed. Alas, deare Madame (quoth the wise 
and craftie Leonela) what is it you meane to doe with that 
poyniard ? Meane you perhaps to deprive either your owne 
or Lotharios life therewithal!? for which soever of these 
things you do, shall redound to the losse of your credit and 
fame. It is much better that you dissemble your wrong, 
and give no occasion to the bad man now to enter into 
this house, and find us here in it alone : Consider good 
Madame how we are but weake women, and hee is a man, 
and one resolute, and by reason that he comes blinded by 
his bad and passionate intent hee may peradventure before 
thou beest able to put thine in execution, doe somewhat 
that would bee worse for you, then to deprive you of your 
life. Evill befall my Mr. Anselmo, that ministers so great 
occasion to impudencie, thus to discover her visage in our 

96 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER house : and if you should kill him by chance Madame, as 

^11 I suspect you meane to doe, what shall we doe after with 

Wherein is the dead carkasse ? What ? said Camila, we would leave 

^^^^•"*^ him heere that Anselmo might burie him. For he must 

«!pti!^'!^J!Z«- i^ all equitie esteeme that laoour for ease, which hee shall 
oitnecunouB • ii • . • i? i.- • ^ • nr i j 

impertinent passe, in the interring of his owne mfamie. Make an end 

then, and call him, for mee thinkes that all the time 

which I spend untaking due revenge of my just disdaine, 

turnes into the prejudice of the loyaltie which I owe to my 

spouse. 

Anselmo listned very attentively all the while, and at 
every word that Camila said, his thoughts changed. But 
when he understood that shee was resolved to kill Lothario, 
he was about to come out and discover himselfe, to the 
end that such a thing should not be done, but the desire 
that hee had to see wherein so brave and honest a resolution 
would end, with-held him, determining then to sallie out, 
when his presence should be needfuU to hinder it. Camila 
about this time beganne to bee very weake and dismayed, 
and casting her selfe, as if she had falne into a trance upon 
a bed that was in the roome, Leonela began to lament very 
bitterly and to say. Alas, wretch that I am, how unfor- 
tunate should I be, if the flower of the worlds honestie, the 
crowne of good women, and the patteme of chastitie, should 
die here betweene my hands. Those and such other things 
shee said so dolefully, as no one could heare her, that would 
not deeme her to bee one of the most esteemed and loyall 
Damzels of the world : and take her Ladie for an other 
new and persecuted Penelope. Soone after Camila re- 
turned to her selfe, and saia presently. Why goest thou 
not Leonela to call the most diiloyall friend of a friend, 
that ever the Sunne beheld, or the night concealed ? Make 
an end, runne, make hast, and let not the fire of my choUer 
bee through thy stay consumed and spent, nor the just re- 
venge, which I hope to take passe over in threats or male- 
dictions. I goe to call him Madame quoth Leonela, but 
first of all you must give me that poyniard, lest you should 
doe with it in mine absence somewhat, that would minister 
occasions to us your friends to deplore you all the dayes of 

96 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

our lives. Goe away boldly friend Leonela said Camila, CHAPTER 
for I shall doe nothing in thine absence ; for although I be ^^^ 
in thine opinion both simple and bold enough to tume for Wherein is 
mine honor, yet meane I not to be so much as the cele- pros^uted 
brated Lucrctia, of whom it is recorded that she slew her *rtv«*!*^„. 
selfe, without having committed any error or slame him impertinent 
first who was the principal cause of her disgrace : I will die 
if I must needes die, but I will be satisfied and revenged on 
him that hath given me occasion to come into this place to 
lament his boldnesse, sprung without my default. Leonela 
could scarcely be intreated to go and call Lothario ; but at 
last she went out, and in the meane time Camila remained, 
speaking to her selfe these words : Good God, had not it 
beene more discretion to have dismissed Lothario, as I did 
many times before, then thus to possesse him as I have 
done, with an opinion that I am an evill and dishonest 
woman, at least all the while that passeth, imtill mine actes 
shall undeceive him, and teach him the contrary ? It had 
beene doubtlesly better : but then should not I be revenged, 
nor mine husbands honour satisfied, if he were permitted 
to beare away so cleerely his malignitie, or escape out of 
the snare wherein his wicked thougnts involved him. Let 
the Traytor pay with his lifes defrayment, that which he 
attempted with so lascivious a desire. Let the world know 
(if it by chance shal come to know it) that Camila did not 
only conserve the loyaltie due to her Lord, but also tooke 
revenge of the intended ipoile thereof. But yet I beleeve 
that it were best to give Anselmo first notice thereof; but 
I did already touch it to him in the Letter which I wrote 
to him to the Village: and I beleeve that his not con- 
curring to take order in this so manifest an abuse, proceeds 
of his too sincere euid good meaning, which would not, 
nor cannot beleeve, that the like kind of thought could 
ever finde intertainment in the breast of so firme a friend, 
tending so much to his dishonour : and what marvell, if I 
my self could not credit it for a great many dales together, 
nor would I ever have thought it, if his insolency had not 
arrived to that passe, which the manifest gifts, large pro- 
mises, and continuall teares hee shed doe give testimony. 
8:N 97 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER But why doe I make now these discourses ? Hath a gallant 

VII resolution perhaps any neede of advice ? No verily ; there- 

Wherein is fore avaunt treacnerous thoughts, here we must use revenge. 

^K^^-*^**^ Let the false man come in, arrive, die and end, and let after 

«5*i>^*!*^ - befall what can befall. I entred pure and imtouched to 
or the cunous ,. . ii vi.*j i» • 

impertinent "^^ possession, whom heaven bestowed on mee for mme, 

and 1 will depart from him purely : and if the worst befall, 
I shall onely be defiled by mine owne chaste bloud, and 
the impure gore of the falsest friend that ever amitie saw 
in this world. And saying of this, shee praunced up and 
downe the roome with the poyniard naked in her hand, 
with such long and unmeasurable strides, and making with- 
al such gestures, as she rather seemed defective of wit, and 
a desperate ruffian, then a delicate woman. 

All this Anselmo perceived very well from behinde the 
Arras that coverd him ; which did not a little admire him, 
and he thought that what he had scene and heard, was a 
sufficient satinaction of far greater suspitions then he had : 
and could have wished witti all his heart, that the triall 
of Lotharios comming might be excused, fearing greatly 
some sudden bad successe : and as hee was ready to mani- 
fest hiraselfe, and to come out and embrace and disswade 
his wife; he withdrew himselfe, because he saw Leonela 
retume, bringing Lothario in by the hand, and as soone as 
Camila beheld him, she drew a sreat stroke with the point 
of the poyniard athwart the wararop, saying, Lothario, note 
well what I meane to say unto thee : for if by chance thou 
beest so hardy as to passe over this line which thou seest, ere 
I come as farre as it, I will in the very same instant stabbe 
my selfe into the heart with this poyniard, which I hold in 
my hand : and before thou doest speake or answer me any 
word, I would first have thee to listen to a few of mine, for 
I after thou maiest say what thou pleasest. First of all I 

would have thee, O Lothario, to say whether thou knowest 
my husband Anselmo, and what opinion thou hast of him ? 
And next I would have thee to tell me if thou knowest my 
selfe ? Answer to this without delay, nor do not stand long 
thinking on what thou art to answere, seeing they are no 
deepe questions which I propose unto thee. Lothario was 
98 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

not SO ignorant, but that from the very beginning when CHAPTER 

Camila requested him to perswade her husband to hide him- VII 

selfe behinde the tapistry, he had not falne on the drift of Wherein is 

her invention, and therefore did answere her intention so pros^uted 

aptly and discreetly, as they made that untruth passe be- of the'cmdoue 

tweene them for a more then manifest verity : and so he impertinent 

answered to Camila in this forme, I did never conjecture, 

beautifull Camila, that thou wouldest have called me here 

to demaund of me things so wide from the purpose for which 

I come : if thou doest it to deferre yet the promised favour, 

thou mightest have intertained it yet farther off, for the 

good desired afflicteth so much the more, by how much the 

hope to possesse it is neere. But because thou mayest not 

accuse me for not answering to thy demaunds, I say that 

I know thy husband Anselmo, and both of us know one 

another even from our tender infancie, and I will not omit 

to say that, which thou also knowest of our amity, to make 

me thereby a witnesse against my selfe of the wrong which 

love compels me to doe unto him, yet love is a sufficient 

excuse and excuser of greater errors then are mine. Thee 

doe I likewise know and hold in the same possession that 

he doth : for were it not so, I should never have beene won 

bv lesse perfections then thine, to transgresse so much that 

wliich I owe to my selfe, and to the holy lawes of true 

amitie, now broken and violated by the tyrannic of so 

powerfuU an adversary as love hath proved. If thou dost 

acknowledge that, replied Camila, O mortall enemy of all 

that which justly deserveth love, with what face darest thou 

then appeare before that which thou knowest to bee the 

mirror wherein he lookes, in whom thou also oughtest to 

behold thy selfe, to the end thou mightest perceive upon 

how little occasion thou dost wrong him ? but unfortimate 

that I am, I fall now in the reason which hath moved thee 

to make so little account of thine owne duety, which was 

perhaps some negligent or light behaviour of mine, which I 

will not call dishonesty, seeing that as I presume, it hath 

not proceeded from me deliberately, but rather through 

the carelesnes that women which thinke they are not noted, 

do sometimes unwittingly commit. If not, say, traytor. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER when did I ever answere thy prayers with any word or 
VII token, that might awake in thee the lest shadow of hope to 

Wherein is accomplish thine infamous desires ? When were not thine 
prosecuted amorous intreaties reprehended and dispersed by the rough- 
S'th^Sua nesse and rigour of mine answers ? When were thy miny 
impertinent promises ana larger gifts ever beleeved or admitted ? But 

for as much as I am perswaded that no man can persevere 
long time in the amorous contention, who hath not beene 
sustayned by some hope, I will attribute the fault of thine 
impertinence to my selfe : for doubtlesly some carelesnesse 
of mine hath hitherto sustained thy care, and therefore I 
will chastise and give to my selfe the punishment which thy 
fault deserveth. And because thou mightest see that I 
being so inhumane towards my selfe, could not possibly be 
other then cruell to thee, I thought fit to call thee to be 
a witnesse of the sacrifice which I meane to make to the 
offended honor of my most honourable husband, tainted by 
thee, with the blackest note that thy malice could devise, 
and by me, through the negligence that I used, to shun the 
occasion, if I gave thee any, thus to nourish and canonize 
thy wicked intentions. I say againe, that the suspition I 
have, that my little regard hath ingendred in thee these 
distracted thoughts, is that which afflicteth me most, and 
that which I meane to chastise most with mine owne hands : 
for if another executioner punished me, then should my 
crime become more notorious; but before I doe this, I 
dying will kill, and carie him away with me, that shall 
end and satisfie the greedy desire of revenge which I hope 
for, and I have ; seeing before mine eyes wheresoever I shal 
go, the punishment which disingaged justice shall inflict, 
it still remayning unbowed or suborned by him, which hath 
brought me to so desperate termes. 

And having said these words, she flew upon Lothario 
with incredible force and lightnesse, and her poyniard naked, 
giving such arguments and tokens that shee meant to stabbe 
him, as he himselfe was in doubt whether her demonstra- 
tions were false or true ; wherfore he was driven to helpe 
himselfe by his wit and strength for to hinder Camila from 
striking of him, who did so lively acte her strange guile and 
100 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fiction, as to give it colour, she would give it a blush of CHAPTER 
her owne blood : for perceiving, or else fayning that shee VII 
could not hurt Lothano, she said, Seeing that adverse for- Wherein is 
tune will not satisfie throughly my just desires, yet at least R"*^^.^J^ 
it shall not be potent wholly to crosse my designes : and ^f^he curious 
then striving to free the dagger hand, whicn Lothario held impertinent 
fast, she snatched it away, and directing the point to some 
place of her bodie, which might hurt her but not very 
grievously, she stabd her selfe, and hid it in her apparrell 
neere unto the left shoulder, and fell forthwith to the ground, 
as if she were in a traunce. Lothario and Leonela stood 
amazed at the unexpected event, and still rested doubtfuU 
of the truth of the matter, seeing Camila to lie on the 
ground bathed in her bloud : Lothario ranne all wanne and 
pale, very hastily to her to take out the poyniard, and 
seeing how little bloud followed, he lost the feare that he 
had conceived of her greater hurt, and began a new to admire 
the cunning wit, and discretion of the beautifuU Camila: 
but yet that he might play the part of a friend, he began 
a long and dolefuU lamentation over Camilas bodie, even as 
she were dead, and began to breathe forth many curses and 
execrations not onely against himself, but also against him 
that had imployed him in that unfortunate affaire. And 
knowing that his friend Anselmo did listen unto him, hee 
said such things as would move a man to take more com- 
passion of him then of Camila her selfe, although they 
accounted her dead. Leonela tooke her up betweene her 
armes, and laid her on the bedde, and intrcated Lothario to 
goe out, and finde some one that would undertake to cure 
her secretly. She also demaunded of him his advice, touch- 
ing the excuse they might make to Anselmo concerning her 
Mistresse her wound, if hee came to towne before it were 
fully cured. He answered that they might say what they 
pleased, for hee was not in an humour of giving any coun- 
sell worth the following : And onely sayd this, that shee 
should labour to staunch her Ladies bloud : for hee meant 
to goe there, whence they should heare no newes of him ever 
after : And so departed out of the house with verie great 
tokens of griefe and feeling, and when hee was alone in 

101 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER place where no bodie perceived him, he blist himselfe a 
^y thousand times, to thinke of Camilas Art, and the gestures 
^^^'^"^J* so proper and accommodated to the purpose, used by her 
Se^jstorv niayde Xeonela. Hee considered how assured Anselmo would 
of the curioiiB remayne, that hee had a second Portia to wife, and desired 
impertinent to meete him, that they might celebratte together the fiction, 

and the best dissembled truth that could bee ever imagined. 
Leonela as is said, staunched her Ladies bloud, which was 
just as much as might serve to colour her invention and no 
more, and washing the wound with some wine, shee tyed it 
up the best that she could, saying such words whilest she 
cured her, as were able, though nothing had been done 
before to make Anselmo beleeve that he had an Image of 
honesty in Camila : to the plants of Leonela Camila added 
others, terming her selfe a Coward of base spirit, since she 
wanted time, (bein^ a thing so necessary) to deprive her 
life which she hatra so mod;ally, she demaunded counsell 
of her maiden whether shee would tell, or conceale all that 
successe to her beloved Spouse: and she answered that it 
was best to concecde it, lest she should ingage her husband 
to be revenged on Lothario, which coiud not be done 
without his very great perill, and that every good wife 
was bound, not to give occasion to her husband of quarrel- 
ling, but rather to remove from him as many as was 
possible. Camila answered, that she allowed of her opinion, 
and would follow it. And that in any sort they must 
studie some device to cloake the occasion of her hurt from 
Anselmo, who could not chuse but espie it. To this 
Leonela answered, that she her selfe knew not how to 
lie, no not in very jest it selfe. Well, friend, quoth 
Camila, and I, what doe I know? for I dare not to forge 
or report an untruth, if my life lay on it. And if wee knew 
not how to give it a lietter issue, it will be better to 
report the naked truth, then to bee overtaken in a leesing. 
Doe not trouble your selfe Madame quoth Leonela, for 
I will bethinke my selfe of somewhat betweene this and 
to morrow morning, euid perhaps the woimd may be con- 
cealed from him, by reaison that it is in the place where 
it is, and heaven perhaps may be pleased to favour our 
10« 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

SO iust and honourable thoughts: Be quiet good Madam CHAPTER 
and labour to appease your alteration of mmd, that my VII 
Lord at his returne may not find you perplexed, and leave Wherein is 
all the rest to Gods and my charge, who doth alwaies assist prosecuted 
the just the History 

With highest attention stood Anselmo listening and be- impertinent 
holding the tragcdie of his dying honours, which the per- 
sonages thereof had acted with so strange and forceable 
effects, as it verily seemed that they were transformed into 
the opposite truth of their well contrived fiction: hee longed 
greatly for the night, and leasure to get out of his house, 
that he might goe and congratulate with his good friend 
Lothario, for the precious lewell that he had found in this 
last triall of his wife. The Master and Mayden had as 
great care to give him the oportunitie to depart, and he 
Tearing to loose it, issued out in a trice, and went presently 
to finde Lothario, who being found, it is not possible to 
recount the embracements he gave unto him, the secrets 
of his contentment that he revealed, or the attributes and 
praises he gave to Camila. All which Lothario heard, with- 
out giving the least argument of love : having represented 
to his minde at that very time, how greatly deceived his 
friend lived, and how injustly hee himselfe had injuried him. 
And although that Anselmo noted that Lothano tooke no 
delight at his relation, yet did he beleeve that the cause 
of his sorrow proceeded from having left Camila wounded, 
and he himselie given the occasion iJiereof. And therefore 
among many other words said unto him, that there was no 
occasion to grieve at Camilas hurt, it doubtlesly being but 
light, seeing she and her mayde had agreed to hide it 
from him ; and that according unto this there was no great 
cause of feare, but that from thence forward he should live 
merrily and contentedly with him, seeing that by his in- 
dustrie and meanes, hee found himselfe raised to the highest 
felicitie that might be desired: and therefore would from 
thenceforth spend his idle times in writing of verses in 
Camilas praise, that he might eternize her name, and make 
it famous in insuins a^es. Lothario commended his re- 
solution therein, and said that he for his part would also 

lOS 



\ 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER helpe to raise up so noble an edifice, and herewithall 
VII Anselmo rested the most soothingly and contentedly de- 

Wherein is ceived, that could bee found in the world : and then him- 
prosMutad selfe tooke by the hand to his house (beleeving that he 
of 016*0^^118 '"*''* **"* instrument of his glory) the utter perdition of 
impertinent. '^'^ fame. Camila entertained him with a frowning coun- 
tenance, but a checrefull minde, the fraude rested un- 
knowne a while, untill at the end of certaine moneths, 
fortune turned the wheele, and the wickednesse that was 
so artificially cloaked, issued to the publike notice 
of the world, and Anselmo his impertinent 
curiositie cost him his life. 



CHAPTER VIII 

Wherein is ended the Historie of the curious 

impertinent: and likewise recounted the rough 

ineounter and conflict passed hetweene 

Don-Quixote and cert«ne bagges 

of red wine. 

LITTLE more of the novell did rest un- 
read, when Sancho Fan^ alt perplexed 
ranne out of the Chamber where his Lord 
reposed, crying as loud as hec could. 
Come good Sirs speedily, and assist my 
Lord, who is ingaged in one of the most 
terrible battailes, tnat ever mine eyes have 
aeene. I sweare that he hath given such 
a blow to the Giant, my Ladie the Princesse Micomicona 
her enemie, as hee hath cut his head quite off as round as 
a Tumep. What sayest thou, friend, quoth the Curate, 
(leaving ofi at that word to prosecute the reading of his 
novell) art thou in thy wits, Sancho P what a Divell, nian, 
how can that be, seeing the Giant dwels at least two thou- 
104 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sand leagues from hence. By this they heard a marvailous CHAPTER 
great noyse within the chamber, and that Don-Quixote cried ^^ 
out aloud, Stay false Thiefe, Robber stay, for since thou art ^VTierein it 
here, thy Cimitar shall but little availe thee ; and therewith- f?.^ .^^^ 
all it seemed that he struck a number of mighty blowes on ^^ curiouB 
the wals. And Sancho said, there it no neede to stand impertinent: 
thus listening abroad, but rather that you goe in, and part and likewise 
the fray, or else assist my Lord. Although I thinke it be recounted 
not very necessary, for the Giant is auestionlesse dead by ^nooui^rand 
this, and giving account for the ill life nee ledde : For I saw conflictpassed 
his bloud runne all about the house, and his head cut off, betweene 
which is as great as a great Wine ba^ge. I am content to Don-Quixote 
bee hewen in pieces, quoth the Inne keeper, hearing of this, ^^J^'^f^"* 
if Don-Quixote or Don-Divell have not given some blow J^froie. 
to one of the wine bagges that stood filled at his beds head, 
and the shedde wine must needes bee that which seemes 
bloud to this ^ood man, and saying so, he entred into the 
roome, and all the rest followed him, where they found 
Don-Quixote in the strangest guise that may bee imagined : 
hee was in his shirt, the which was not long enough before 
to cover his thighes, and it was sixe fingers shorter behinde : 
his legges were very long and leane, full of haire and horrible 
dirtie. Hee wore on his head a little red very greazy nieht- 
cap, which belonged to the Inkeeper, he had wreathed on 
his left arme the coverlet of his bedde, on which Sancho 
looked very often and angerly, as one that knew well the 
cause of his owne malice to it, and in his right hand he 
griped his naked sword, wherewithall he laid round about 
him many a thwacke, and withall spake, as if he were in 
battell with some Giant: and the best sport of all was, 
that he held not his eyes open, for he was indeed a sleepe, 
and dreaming that he was in fight with the Giant. For 
the imagination of the adventure which hee had undertaken 
to finish, was so bent upon it, as it made him to dreame 
that he was already arrived at the Kingdome of Micomicon, 
and that he was then in combate with his enemie : and hee 
had given so many blowes on the wine baeges, supposing 
them to bee the Giant, as all the whole ^lamber flowed 
with wine. Which being perceived by the Host all inflamed 
S:0 106 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER with rage, he set upon Don-Quixote with drie fists, and 
VIII gave unto him so many blowes, that if Cardenio and the 
Wherein is Curate had not taken nim away, he would doubtlesly have 
ended the finished the warre of the Giant, and yet with al this did 
the curious ^^^ ^^^ poore Knight awake, untill the Barber brought in 
impertinent : & great Kettle full of cold wai;er from the Wei, and threw 
and likewise it all at a clap upon him, and therewithall Don-Quixote 
recounted awaked but not in such sort as hee perceived the manner 
inoou^rand ^'^^''^^^ ^^ ^^* Dorotea seeinff how short and how thin 
Gonflictpassed ^^^ Champion was arrayed, would not goe in to see the con- 
betweene flict of her combattant and his adversarie. 
Don-Quixote Sancho went up and downe the floore searching for the 
radcertaine Giants head, and seeing that he could not finde it, hee said, 
^1^3^^^ Now I doe see very well, that all the things of this house are 

inchantments, for the last time that I was here in this very 
same roome, I got many blowes and buffets, and knew not 
who did strike me, nor could I see any body : and now the 
head appeares not which I saw cut off with mine owne eyes, 
and yet the bloud ranne as swiftly from the body, as water 
would from a fountaine. What bloud or what fountaine 
dost thou tattle of here, thou enemie of Grod emd his Saints? 
quoth the Inkeeper; thou theefe, dost not thou see that 
the bloud and the fountaine is no other thing, then these 
wine bagges which are slashed here, and the wine redde that 
swims up and downe this Chamber, and I wish that I may 
see his soule swimming in hell which did bore them? I 
know nothing, replied Sancho, but this, that if I cannot 
finde the Giants nead, I shall become so unfortunate, as 
mine Earledome will dissolve like salt cast into water. And 
certes, Sancho awake, was in worse case then his Master 
sleeping, so much had his Lords promises distracted him. 
The Inkeeper on the other side was at his wits end, to see 
the humour of the Squire, and unhappinesse of his Lord, 
and swore that it should not succeed witn them now as it had 
done the other time, when they went awav without payment: 
and that now the priviledges of Chivalne should not availe 
him, but hee should pay both the one and other, yea even for 
the very patches that were to be set on the boared wine- 
bagges. 
106 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

The Curate held fast Don -Quixote by the hands, who CHAPTER 
beleeving that he had atchieved the adventure, and was after ^^ 
it come into the Princesse Micomicona her presence, he Wherein is 
laid himselfe on his knees before the Curate, saying : * Well 5?.^ .^®^ 

* may your greatnesse, high, and famous Ladie, uve from ^^ curious 

^ hence forth secure from any danger, that this unfortunate impertinent : 
^ wretch may doe unto you ; and I am also freed from this and likewise 

* day forward from the promise that I made unto you, see- Recounted 

* ing I have by the assistance of the heavens, and through in^^JJU^^nd 
^ her favour by whom I live and breathe, so happly accom- conflictpassed 
^ plished it/ Did not I say so ? quoth Sancho, nearing of betweene 
his Master ; yea, I was not drunke : see, if my Master hath I>on-Quixote 
not powdred the Giant by this ? the matter is q uestionlesse, ^«™"^^* 
and the Earledome is mine owne. Who would not laugh red^^e. 

at these ravins fits of the Master and Man ? all of them 
laughed save tne Inkeeper, who gave himselfe for anger to 
the Divell more then a hundred times. And the Barber, 
Cardenio and the Curate got Don-Quixote to bed againe, 
not without much adoe, who presently fell asleepe with 
tokens of marvailous wearinesse. They left him sleeping, 
and went out to comfort Sancho Panfa for the griefe hee had, 
because hee could not finde the Giant^s head: but yet had 
more adoe to pacific the Inkeeper, who was almost out of his 
wits for the unexpected and sudden death of his wine bagges. 
The Hostesse on the other side went up and downe 
whining and saying, in an ill season emd an unlucky houre 
did this Knight Errant enter into my house ; Alas, and I 
would that mine eyes had never scene him, seeing hee costs 
mee so deere. The last time that hee was heere, hee went 
away scot-free for his supper, bedde, straw, and barley, both 
for himselfe and his man, his horse, and his Asse, saying, 
that he was a knight adventurous (and God give to him ill 
venture, and to all the other adventurers of the world) and 
was not therefore bound to pay any thing, for so it was 
written in the statutes of Chivahy. And now for his cause 
came the other Grentleman, and tooke away my good taile, 
and hath returned it me backe, with two quarters of damage. 
For all the haire is falne off, and it cannot stand my husband 
any more in steed for the purpose he had it ; and for an 

107 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER end and conclusion of aU, to breake my wine bagges and 
Vin sbedde my wine : I wish I may see as much of his bloud 
Wherein is shedde. And do not thinke otherwise ; for by my fathers 
^^®^J*® old bones, and the life of my mother, they snail pay mee 
^curious every doit, one quart on another, or else I will never 
impertinent: be called as I am, nor be mine owne fathers daughter, 
ana likewise These and such like words spake the Inkeepers wife with 
recounted y^ry great funr, and was seconded by her good servant 
?*® ^2^ and Maritomes. The daughter held her peace, and would now 
conflictpassed ^^d then smile a little : but Master Parson did quiet and 
betweene pacific all, by promising to satisfie them for the damages as 
Don-Quixote well as he might, as well for the wine as for the bagges, but 
wodMrtune chiefly for her taile, the which was so much accounted of, 
^^f^^^ and valued so highly. Dorotea did comfort Sancho, say- 
ing to him, that whensoever it should be verified that his 
Lord had slaine the Giant, and established her quietly in 
her kingdome, she would bestow upon him the best Earle- 
dome thereof. With this he tooke courage, and assured the 
Princesse, that he himselfe had scene the Giants head cut off, 
and for a more certaine token thereof, he said that hee had 
a beard that reached him downc to his gyrdle ; and that if 
the head could not now be found, it was oy reason that all 
the affaires of the house were guided by inchantment, as hee 
had made experience to his cost the last time that he was 
lodged therein. Dorotea replyed, that she was of the same 
opinion, and bad him to be of good cheere, for all would be 
well ended to his hearts desire. All parties being quieted, 
the Curate resolved to finish the end of his novell, oecause 
he perceived that there rested but a little unread thereof. 
Cardenio, Dorotea, and all the rest intreated him earnestly 
to finish it. And he desiring to delight them all herein, 
and recreate himselfe, did prosecute the tale in this manner. 
It after befell, that Anselmo grew so satisfied of his wives 
honestie, as he led a most contented and secure life : and 
Camila did for the nonce looke sourely upon Lothario to 
the end Anselmo might conster her mind amisse : and for a 
greater confirmation thereof, Lothario requested Anselmo 
to excuse his commin^ any more to his house, seeing that 
hee cleerely perceived now Camila could neither brooke his 
108 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

company nor presence. But the hoodwink^ Anselmo an- CHAPTER 
swered him, that he would in no wise consent thereunto, VIII 
and in this manner did weave his owne dishonour a thousand Wherein is 
waies, thinking to worke his contentment. In this season ®?.^®^.*^®- 
such was the delight that Leonela tooke also in her aSec- t^^^Jrious 
tions, as she suffered her selfe to be borne away by them impertinent: 
headlongly without any care or regard confident, because and likewise 
her Ladle did cover it, yea, and sometimes instructed her recounted 
how she might put her desires in practice, without any ^^ unterand 
feare or danger. But finally Anselmo heard on a night conflictpaned 
some body walke in Leonelas Chamber, and being desirous betweene 
to know who it was, as he thought to enter, he felt the Don-Quixote 
doore to be held fast against him, which gave him a greater ^l^"^^* 
desire to open it, and therfore he struggled so long, and Jljf^^^ 
used such violence, as he threw open the dore, and entred 
just at the time that another leaped out at the window, and 
therfore he ran out to overtake him, or see wherein he 
might know him, but could neyther compasse the one or 
the other, by reason that Leonela embracing him hardly, 
with-held him and said, pacific your self, good Sir, and oe 
not troubled, nor follow nim that was here, for he is one 
that belongs to mee, and that so much as hee is my spouse. 
Anselmo would not beleeve her, but rather blinde with rage, 
he drew out his poyniard, and would have wounded her, say- 
ing, that she should presently tell him the truth, or else he 
would kill her. She distracted with feare, said, without 
noting her owne words : Kill mee not Sir, and I will acquaint 
you with things which conceme you more then you can 
imagine. Say quickly then, quoth Anselmo, or else thou 
shalt die. It will bee impossible, replied Leonela, for me to 
speake any thing now I am so affrighted, but give me respite 
till morning, and I will recount unto you things that will 
marvellously astonish you, and in the meane time rest 
secure ; that he which leaped out of the window is a young 
man of this citie, betwixt whom and me hath passed a 
promise of marriage. Anselmo was somewhat satisfied by 
these words, and therefore resolved to expect the terme 
which she had demaunded to open her minde ; for hee did 
not suspect that he should heare any thing of Camila, by 

109 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["a 

CHAPTER reason that hee was already so assured of her vertue : and 
Vin go departing out of the chamber, and shutting up Leonela 
l-Vherein is therin, threatning her withall, that she should never depart 
Hkto '^^^f thence, untill she had said all that she promised to reveale 
the curious ^^^ ^^°*' ^^ yrent presently to Camita to tell unto her 
impertinent: all that which his mayden had said, and the promise she 
and likewise had passed, to disclose greater and more important things ; 
recounted whether Camila hearing this, were perplexed or no, I leave 
incomer and ^ ^^^ discreete readers ludgement : for such was the feare 
conflictpassed ^hich she conceived, beleeving certainely (as it was to be 
betweene doubted) that Leonela would tell to Ansebno all that she 
Don-Quixote knew of her disloyalty, as she had not the courage to expect 
^jJ^^*^® and see whether her surmise would become false or no : but 
red^^e. ^^^ ^^T sa™^ night, as soone as she perceived Anselmo to 

be asleepe, gathering together her best jewels and some 
money, she departed out of her house unperceived of any, 
and went to JLotharios lodging, to whom she recounted al 
that had past, and requested him eyther to leave her in some 
safe place, or both of them to depart to some place, where 
they might live secure out of Anselmos reach. The con- 
fusion that Camila strucke into Lothario, was such, as he 
knew not what to say, and much lesse how to resolve him- 
selfe what he might do. But at last he determined to carie 
Camila to a Monastery wherein his sister was Prioresse ; to 
which shee easily condiscended, and therefore Lothario de- 
parted, and left her there with all the speed that the case 
required, and did also absent himselfe presently from the 
citie, without acquainting any body with his departure. 

Anselmo, as soone as it was dfay, without needing the 
absence of his wife, arose and went to the place where he 
had shut up Leonela, with desire to know of her what she had 

Sromised to acquaint him withall : he opened the chamber 
ore and entred, but could finde no body therein, but some 
certaine sheetes knit together, and tied to the window as a 
certaine signe how Leonela had made an escape by that way. 
Wherefore he returned very sadde, to tell to Camila the 
adventure ; but when hee could neither finde her at bedde, 
nor in the whole house, he remained astonied, and demaunded 
for her of his servants, but none of them could tell him any 
110 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

thing. And as he searched for her, hee hapned to see her CHAPTER 
coffers lye open, and most of her jewels wanting ; and heere- VIII 
withall fell into the true account of his disgrace, and that Wherein is 
Leonela was not the cause of his misfortune, and so departed ??.^ ^^^ 
out of his house sad and pensive, even as hee was, halfe ready ^^^^ curious 
and unapparelled to his mend Lothario, to recount unto him impertinent : 
his disaster: but when hee found him to be likewise absented, and likewise 
and that the servants told him how their master was de- recounted 
parted the very same night, and had borne away with him ^^{j^rand 
all his money, he was ready to runne out of his wits. And conflictpassed 
to conclude, nee returned to his owne house againe, wherein betweene 
he found no creature, man or woman, for all his folke were Don-Quixote 
departed, and had left the house alone and desert : he knew ^zJ^'^* 
not what he might thinke, say, or doe, and then his judge- redidne. 
ment beganne to faile him. There he did contemplate and 
behold himselfe in an instant, without a wife, a friend, and 
servants : abandoned (to his seeming) of heaven that covered 
him, and chiefly without honour, for he clearely noted his 
owne perdition in Camilas crime. In the end he resolved, 
after he had bethought himselfe a great while to go to his 
friends Village wherein hee had beene all the while that hee 
afforded the leisure to contrive that disaster, and so shut- 
ting up his house, he mounted a horse-backe, and rode away 
in languishing and dolefuU wise. And scarce had he ridden 
the halfe way, when he was so fiercely assaulted by his 
thoughts, as he was constrained to alight, and tyin^ his 
horse to a tree, he leaned himselfe to the trunke thereot^and 
breathed out a thousand pittifiill and dolorous sighes : and 
there hee abode untill it was almost night; about which houre 
hee espied a man to come from the Cittie a horse-backe 
by the same way, and having saluted him, he demaunded of 
him what newes he brought from Florencia ? The Cittizen 
replyed that the strangest that had hapned there many a day, 
for it is there reported publikely, that Liothario the great 
friend of the rich man, hath carried away the said Anselmos 
wife Camila this night, for shee is also missing, all which 
a waiting-maidc of Camilas hath confest, whom the gover- 
nour apprehended yesternight, as she slipt downe at a win- 
dow by a paire of sheets, out of the said Anselmos house, 

111 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER I know not particularly the truth of the affaire, but well I 
vni wote, that all the Cittie is amazed at the accident, for such 
\\nierein is a fact would not be as much as surmised, from the great and 
ended the familiar amitie of them two, which was so much, as they 
Historiecf ^^^ called the two friends. Is it perhaps yet knowen, 
impertinent : V^^^ Anselmo, which way Lothario and Camila have taken ? 
andlikewise In no wise, replyed the Cittizen, although the Grovernour 
recounted hath used all possible diligence to finde them out. Farewell 
the rough then, good Sir, said Anselmo ; and with you Sir, said the 
^Si^Md traveller : and so departed. 

betweene With these so unfortunate newes poore Anselmo arrived 

Don-Quixote not only to termes of loosing his wits, but also welnigh of 
imdcertune loosing his life : and therefore arising as well as he might, he 
^^^Ig^ came to his friends house, who had heard nothing yet of his 

disgrace ; but perceiving him to arrive, so wanne, pyned and 
dried up, he presently conjectured that some grievous evill 
afflicted him. Anselmo requested him presently that hee 
I might be carried to his chamber, and provided of paper and 

! inke to write withall ; all was done, and he left at bed, and 

• alone, for so he desired them ; and also that the dore should 

I bee fast locked : and being alone, the imagination of his 

j misfortune gave him such a terrible charse, as he clearely 

i perceived that his life would shortly faile him, and therefore 

resolved to leave notice of the cause of his suddaine and un- 
expected death : and therefore he beganne to write it, but 
before he could set an end to his discourse, his breath failed, 
and yeelded up his life into the hands of sorrowe, which his 
impertinent curiositie had stirred up in him. The Gentle- 
man of the house seeing that it grew late, and that Anselmo 
had not called, determmed to enter, and know whether his 
indisposition passed forward : and hee found him lying on 
his face, with halfe of his body in the bed, and the other halfe 
leaning on the table whereon hee lay, with a written paper 
unfol£d, and held the pen also yet in his hand. His Host 
drew neere unto him, and first of all having called him, hee 
tooke him by the hand : and seeing that hee answered not, 
and that it was cold, he knew that he was dead : and greatly 
perplexed and grieved thereat, hee called in his people, 
that they might also be witnesses of the disastrous successe 
112 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

of Anselmo : and after all he tooke the paper and read it, CHAPTER 
which he knew to bee written with his owne hand, the sub- VIII 
stance whereof was this : Wherein is 

* A foolish and impertinent desire hath despoiled mee of ended the 
' Ufe. If the newes of my death shall arrive to Camila, let SeSious 
' her also know that I doe pardon her, for shee was not bound impertinent : 
^ to worke miracles ; nor had I any neede to desire that shee andlikewise 

* should worke them. And seeing I was the builder and con- recounted 

* triver of mine owne dishonour, there is no reason.** !^® roigh 

Hitherunto did Anselmo write, by which it appeared, that ^nflictpawed 
his life ended in that point, ere he could set an end to the betweene 
reason he was to give. The next day insuing, the Gentle- Don-Quixote 
man his friend, acquainted Anselmos kinsfolke with his ^fj^"^^® ' 
death : the which had already knowledge of his misfortune, JlJf^n^ 
and also of the Monasterie wherein Camila had retired her 
selfe, being almost in termes to accompany her husband in 
that forcible voyage ; not for the newes of his death, but for 
griefe of others which she had received of her absent friend. 
It is said that although she was a widdow, yet would shee 
neither depart out of the Monasterie, nor become a reli- 
gious woman, untill shee had received within a few dayes 
after newes how Lothario was slaine in a battell given 
by Monsieur dc Lautrec, to the great Captainc Gon9alo 
Fernandez of Cordova, in the Kingdome of Naples : and that 
was the end of the late repentant friend, the which being 
knowne to Camila she made a profession, and shortly after 
deceased betweene the rigorous hands of sorrow and melan- 
cholic, and this was the end of them all, sprung from a 
rash and inconsiderate beginning. 

This novell, quoth the Curate, having read it, is a prettie 

one ; but yet I cannot pcrswade mv selfe that it is true : and 

if it be a nction, the authour erred, therein, for it cannot bee 

imagined, that any husband would be so foolish, as to make 

so costly an experience as did Anselmo. But if this accident 

had beene devised betwixt a Grentleman and his love, then 

were it possible, but being betweene man and wife, it 

containes somewhat that is impossible and unlikely : 

but yet I can take no exception against the 

manner of recounting thereof. 

2 : P 118 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 



CHAPTER IX 

Which treates of many rare successes, be&hie 
in the Inne. 

SIHILST they discoursed thus, the Inkeeper, 
who stood all the while at the dore, said, 
heere comes a &ire troupe of guests; 
and if thej will here alight, wee may 
sing Gaudeamut. What folke is it? 
quoth Cardenio. Foure men a horse- 
backe, quoth the Host, aud ride gennet- 
wise, with launces and targets, and maskes 
on their faces, and with them comes likewise a woman, 
apparelled in white, in a side saddle, and her face also 
masked, and two Lackeys, that run with them a foote. 
Are they neere P auoth the Curate. So neare, repljed the 
Inkeeper, as they ao now arrive. Dorotea hearing him say 
so, covered her race, and Cardenio entred into Don-Quisot^ 
Chamber, and scarce had they leisure to doe it, when the 
others, of whom the Host spake, entred into the Inne : and 
the foure Horsemen alighting, which were all of very comely 
and gallant disposition, they went to helpe downe the Lady 
that rode in the side saddle ; and one of them taking her 
downe in his armes, did seat her in a chaire that stood at 
the chamber dore, into which Cardenio had entred and 
all this while neither shee, nor they, tooke off their maskes, 
or spake a word, onely the Gentlewoman, at her sitting 
downe in the Chaire, breathed forth a very deepe sigh, and 
let fall her armes, like a sicke and dbmayed person. The 
Lackeyes carried away their Horses to the Stable. Master 
Curate seeing and noting all this, and curious to know what 
they were that came to the Inne in so unwonted an attyre, 
and kept such profound silence therein, went to the Lackeies, 
and demaunded of one of them that which he desired to 
know. Who answered him. In good faith Sir I cannot 
114 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

tell you what folke this is, only this I know, that they CHAPTER 
seeme to be very Noble, but chiefly hee that went and tooke IX 

downe the Ladie in his armes that you see there : and this I Wlilchtreates 
say, because all the others doe respect him very much, and of many rare 
nothing is done, but what hee ordaines and commaunds. t^^^*' 
And the Ladie, what is shee ? quoth the Curate, I can as the Inne. 
hardly informe you, quoth the Lackey, for I have not once 
scene her face in all this journey, yet I have heard her 
often grone, and breathe out so profound sighes, as it 
seemes shee would give up the Ghost at every one of them : 
and it is no marvaile, that we should know no more then 
wee have said, for my companion and my selfe have beene 
in their companie but two aayes : for they incountred us on 
the way, and prayed and perswaded us to goe with them 
unto Andaluzia, promising that they would recompence 
our paines largely. And hast thou heard them name one 
another ? said the Curate. No truly, answered the Lackey ; 
for they all travaile with such silence, as it is a wonder : for 
you shall not heare a word among them, but the sighs and 
throbs of the poore Ladie, which doe move in us very great 
compassion, and we doe questionlesse perswade our selves, 
that she is forced wheresoever shee goes: and as it may 
bee collected by her attyre shee is a Nunne, or as is most 
probable goes to be one ; and perhaps shee goeth so sorrow- 
full as it seemes, because shee hath no desire to become 
religious. It may very well be so, quoth the Curate ; and 
so leaving them hee returned to the place where he had left 
Dorotea, who hearing the disguised Ladie to sigh so often, 
mooved by the native compassion of that sexe, drew neare 
her and said, what ailes you good Madam? I pray you 
thinke if it be any of those inconveniences to whicn women 
bee subject, and whereof they may have use and experience to 
cure them : I doe oiFer unto you my service, assistance, and 
good will, to helpe you as much as lies in my power. To 
all those complements the dolefull Ladie answered nothing, 
and although Dorotea made her againe larger offers of her 
service, yet stood shee ever silent until! the bemasked 
Gentleman (whom the Lackey said, the rest did obay) 
came over and said to Dorotea: Ladie doe not trouble 

116 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER your selfe, to o£Per any thing to that woman, for shee is of 
IX a most ingratefuU nature, and is never wont to gratifie any 
Whichtreates curtesie, nor doe you seeke her to answer unto your de- 
of many rare maunds, if you would not heare some lie from her mouth. 
beS^eTn ^ never said any (quoth the silent Ladie) but rather because 
the Inne. ^ ^^i so true and sincere without guiles, I am now drowned 

here in those misfortunes,, and of this I would have thy selfe 
beare witnesse, seeing my pure truth makes thee to be so 
false and disloyaL 

Cardenio overheard these words very cleere and distinctly, 
as one that stood so neere unto her that said them, as 
onely Don-Quixotes chamber doore stood between them, 
and instantly when he heard them, he said with a very 
loud voyce, good God, what is this that I heare? what 
voyce is this that hath touched mine eare? The Ladie 
moved with a sodaine passion, turned her head at those 
outcries, and seeing shee could not perceive him that gave 
them, she got up, and would have entred into the roome, 
which the Grentleman espying, withheld her, and would 
not let her stirre out of the place: and with the altera- 
tion and sodaine motion the maske fell off her face, and 
, she discovered an incomparable beautie, and an angelicall 

countenance, although it was somewhat wanne and pede, and 
turned heere and there with her eyes to every place so 
earnestly as she seemed to be distracted: which motions 
without knowing the reason why they were made, strucke 
Dorotea and the rest that beheld her into very great com- 
passion. The Grentleman held her very strongly fast by the 
shoulders, and was so busied as hee could not hold up the 
maske, that hee wore on his own face that was falling, as it 
did in the end wholy : Dorotea, who had likewise embraced 
the Ladie, lifting up her eyes by chance, saw that he, which 
did also embrace the Ladie was her spouse Don Fernando : 
and scarce had she known him, when breathing out a long 
and most pittifull ^ Alas^ from the bottome of her heart, 
she fell backward in a trance. And if the Barber had not 
bin by good hap at hand, she would have falne on the 
ground with all the waight of her bodie : the Curate pre- 
sently repaired to take off the vaile of her face, and cast 
116 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

water thereon : and as soone as he did discover it, Don CHAPTER 
Fernando, who was he indeed that held fast the other, IX 

knew her, and looked like a dead man as soone as he Whichtreates 
viewed her, but did not all this [while] let so Luscinda, of many rare 
who was the other whom he held so fast, and that laboured JJJf^^,^ 
so much to escape out of his hands. Cardenio likewise thelnne. 
heard the ^ Alas'* that Dorotea said, when she fell into a 
trance, and beleeving that it was his Luscinda, issued out 
of the chamber greatly altered, and the first he espied was 
Don Fernando, which held Luscinda fast; who forthwith 
knew him: and all the three, Luscinda, Cardenio, and 
Dorotea, stood dumbe and amazed, as folke that knew not 
what had befalne unto them. All of them held their peace, 
and beheld one another. Dorotea looked on Don Fernando, 
Don Fernando on Cardenio, Cardenio on Luscinda, and 
Luscinda againe on Cardenio: but Luscinda was the first 
that broke silence, speaking to Don Fernando in this manner. 
Leave me off, Lord Fernando, I conjure thee, by that thou 
shouldest bee, for that which thou art ; if thou wilt not doe 
it for any other respect : let me cleave to the wall, whose 
Ivie I am, to the supporter from whom neither thy im- 
portunities nor threats, promises or gifts could once aeflect 
me. Note how heaven, by unusuall, unfrequented, and 
from us concealed waies, hath set my true spouse before 
mine eyes : and thou doest know well by a thousand costly 
experiences, that onely death is potent to blot forth his re- 
membrance out of my memory : let then so manifest truthes 
be of power (if thou must doe none other) to convert 
thine affliction into rage, and thy good will into despight, 
and therewithall end my life : for if I may render up the 
ghost in the presence of my deere spouse, I shall account 
it fortunately lost. Perhaps by my death he will remaine 
satisfied of the faith, which I ever kept sincere towards him, 
untill the last period of my life. By this time Dorotea was 
come to her selfe, and listned to most of Luscindas reasons, 
and by them came to the knowledge of her selfe : but seeing 
that Don Fernando did not yet let her depart from betweene 
his armes, nor answer any thing to her words, encouramng 
her selfe the best that she might, she arose, and kneeling 

117 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER at his feete, and shedding a number of Cristall and pene- 

IX trating teares, she spoke to him thus. 

Which treates If it be not so my Lord, that the beames of that Sunne 
of many rare which thou boldest eclipsed betweene thine armes, doe 
Sefi^eTn darken and deprive those of thine eyes, thou mightest have 
the Inne. ^7 ^^^^ perceived how she that is prostrated at thy feet is 

the unfortunate (untill thou shalt please) and the disastrous 
Dorotea. I am that poore humble countriwoman, whom 
thou ejrther through toy bountie, or for thy pleasure didst 
deigne to raise to that height that she might call thee her 
owne. I am she which sometime immured within the limits 
of honestie did lead a most contented life, untill it opened 
the gates of her recollection and wearinesse, to thine im- 
portunitie, and seeming just, and amorous requests, and 
rendred up to thee the keyes of her libertie, a greefe by 
thee so ill recompensed, as the finding my selfe in so remote 
a place as this : wherein you have met with mee, and I scene 
you, may cleerely testifie, but yet for all this, I would not 
have you to imagine that I come heere, euided by dis- 
honourable steps being onely hither concfucted by the 
tracts of dolour, and feeling to see my selfe thus forgotten 
by thee. It was thy will, that I should be thine owne, and 
tnou didst desire it m such a manner, as although now thou 
wouldst not have it so, yet canst not thou possibly leave off 
to be mine. Enow my deare Lord that the matchlesse 
affections that I do beare towards thee, may recompense 
and be equivalent to her beautic and nobilitie, for whom 
thou doest abandon mee. Thou canst not be the beautifull 
Luscindas, because thou art mine: nor she thine, for as 
much as shee belongs to Cardenio, and it will be more 
easie, if you will note it well, to reduce thy will to love her 
that adores thee, then to addresse hers that hates thee, to 
beare thee affection: Thou diddest sollicite my wretchles- 
nesse; thou prayedst to mine integritie, and wast not 
ignorant of my qualitie : thou knowest also very well upon 
what termes I subjected my selfe to thy will, so as there 
remaines no place, nor colour to terme it a fraud or deceit. 
And all this oeing so, as in veritie it is, and that thou beest 
as Christian as thou art noble, why doest thou with these 
118 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

SO many untoward wreathings dilate the making of mine CHAPTER 
end happy, whose commencement thou diddest illustrate so IX 

much? and if thou wilt not have mee for what I am, who Which treates 
am thy true and lawfuU spouse ; yet at least take and ^^ "^*^y ""•""^ 
admit me for thy slave, for so that I may be in thy pos- wi^^^i 
session, I will account my selfe happy and fortunate. Doe the Inne. 
not permit that by leaving and abandoning me, meetings 
may DC made to discourse of my dishonour. Doe not vexe 
thus the declining yeeres of my parents, seeing that the 
loyall services which they ever have done as vassailes to 
thine, deserve not so honest a recompenoe. And if thou 
esteemest that thy bloud by medlinff with mine shall be 
stayned or embased : consider how few Noble bowses, or 
rather none at all are there in the world, which have not 
runne the same way: and that the womans side is not 
essentially requisite for the illustrating of noble descents, 
how much more, seeine that true nobilitie consists in 
vertue, which if it shaU want in thee, by refusing that 
which thou owest mee so justly, I shall remaine with many 
more decrees of nobilitie then thou shalt. And in con- 
clusion, that which I will lastly say, is, that whether thou 
wilt or no, I am thy wife, the witnesses are thine owne 
words, which neither should nor ought to lie, if thou doest 
prize thy selfe of that for whose want thou despisest mee. 
Witnesse shall also be thine ownc hand writing. Witnesse 
heaven, which thou didst invoke to beare witoesse of that 
which thou didst promise unto mee : and when all this 
shal faile, thy very conscience shall never fayle from using 
clamours, bemg silent in thy mirth and turning, for this 
truth which I have said to thee now, shall trouble thy 
greatest pleasure and delight. 

These and many other hke reasons did the sweetly grieved 
Dorotea use with such feeling and abundance of teares, as 
all those that were present, as well such as accompanied 
Don Fernando, as all the others that did accompany her. 
Don Fernando listned to her without replying a word, untill 
she had ended her speech, and given beginning to so many 
sighes and sobs, as the heart that could indure to behold 
them without moving, were harder then brasse. Luscinda 

119 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER did also regard her, no lessc compassionate of her sorrow, 
IX then admired at her discretion and beautie : and although 
Whichtreates she would have approched to her, and used some consola- 
of many rare torie words, vet was she hindred by Don Femandoes armes, 
hli^^' which held her still embraced ; who full of confusion and 
thelnneT marvell, after he had stood very attentively beholding 

Dorotea a good while, opening his armes, and leaving 
Luscinda free, said. Thou hast vanquished: O beautifuU 
Dorotea, thou hast vanquished me. For it is not possible 
to resist or deny so many united truthes. Luscinda through 
her former trance and weakenesse, as Don Fernando left 
her, was like to fall, if Cardenio, who stoode behind Don 
Fernando all the while, lest he should be knowne, shaking 
oiF all feare and indangering his person, had not started 
forward to stay her from falling : and clasping her sweetly 
between his armes, he said, if pittifull heaven be pleasedf, 
and would have thee now at last take some ease, my loyall, 
constant and beautifull ladie, I presume that thou canst 
not possesse it more securely, then betweene these armes 
which do now receive thee, as whilome they did when for- 
tune was pleased, that I might call thee mine owne: and 
then Luscinda first severing her eyelids, beheld Cardenio, 
and having first taken notice of him by his voyce, and con- 
firmed it againe by her sight, like one quite distracted, 
without farther regarding modest respects, she cast both her 
armes about his necke, and joyning her face to his, said ; 
yea, thou indeed art my Lord : thou, the true owner of this 
poorc captive, howsoever adverse fortune shall thwart it, or 
this life, which is only sustained and lives by thine, be ever 
so much thretned. This was a marvellous spectacle to Don 
Fernando, and all the rest of the beholders, which did uni- 
versally admire at this so unexpected an event : and Dorotea 
perceiving Don Fernando to change color, as one resolv- 
mg to take revenge on Cardenio, for he had set hand to 
his sword; which she conjecturing, did with marvellous 
expedition kneele, and catcning hold on his legges, kissing 
them, she strained them with so loving embracements, asi 
he could not stirre out of the place, and then with her 
eyes overflowen with teares, said unto him : what meanest 
ISO 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

thou to doe my onely refuge in this unexpected traunce ? CHAPTER 
Thou hast heere thine owne spouse at thy feete, and her IX 

whom thou wouldest faine possesse, is betweene *hcr owne Which treates 
husbands armes : jud^e then whether it become thee, or of many rare 
is a thing possible to dissolve that which heaven hath knit, ^ef^^^ 
or whether it be any wise laudable to indevour to raise thelnne. 
and equall to thy selfe her, who contemning all dangers 
and inconveniences, and confirmed in faith and constancy, 
doth in thy presence bathe her eyes with amorous liquor 
of her true loves face and bosome. I desire thee for Gods 
sake, and by thine owne worths, I request thee that this 
so notorious a verity may not onely asswage thy choler, but 
also diminish it in such sort, as thou mayest quietly and 
peaceably permit those two lovers to enioy their desires 
without any encumbrance, all the time tnat heaven shall 
grant it to them : and herein thou shalt shew the gene- 
rositic of thy magnanimous and noble breast, and give the 
world to understand how reason prcvaileth in thee, and 
dominereth over passion. All the time that Dorotea spoke 
thus to Don Fernando, although Cardenio held Luscinda be- 
tweene his armes, yet did he never take his eye of Don 
Fernando, with resolution, that if he did see him once stir 
in his prejudice, he would labour both to defend himself, 
and offend his adversary, and all those that shuld joine with 
him to do him any harme as much as he could, although it 
were with the rest of his life : but Don Femandos friends, 
the Curate and Barber who were present, and saw all that 
was past repayred in the meane season, without omitting 
the good Sancho Pan^a, and all of them together com- 
passed Don Fernando, intreating him to have regard of 
the beautiful! Doroteas teares, and it being true (as they 
beleeved it was) which she had said he should not permit 
her to remain defrauded of her so just and lawful nopes. 
And that he should ponder how it was not by chance, out 
rather by the particular providence and disposition of the 
heavens, that they had al met together so unexpectedly. 
• And that he should remember, as Master Curate said very 
wel, that only death could sever Luscinda from her Cardenio. 
And that although the edge of a sword might devide and 
2 : Q 121 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER part them asunder, yet in that case they would account their 
IX death most happy, and that in irremedilesse events, it was 

Which treates highest prudence, by straining and overcomming himselfe 
of many rare iq shew a generous minde, permitting that he might con- 
be^beTn V^^^ ^^^ owne will they two should joy that good, which 
thelnna heaven had alreadie granted to them, and that he should 

convert his eyes to behold the beautie of Dorotea, and he 
should see that few or none could for feature paragon with 
her ; and much lesse excell her, and that he snould confer 
her humilitie and extreme love which she bore to him, with 
her other indowments ; and princii^dly, that if he gloried m 
the titles of Nobility or Chnstianitie, hee could not doe any 
other then accompbsh the promise that he had past to her : 
and that by fulfilling it, hee should please God, and satisfie 
discreet persons, which know veir well, how it is a speciall 
prerogative of beautie, though it be in an humble and meane 
subject, if it bee consorted with modestie and vertue, to 
exalt and equall it selfe to any dignitie, without disparage- 
ment of him which doth helpe to raise, or unite it to him- 
selfe. And when the strong lawes of delight are accomplished 
(so that there intercurre no sinne in the acting thereof) he 
is not to bee condemned which doth follow them. Finally, 
they added to these reasons, others so many and forcible, 
that the valerous breast of Don Fernando (as commonly all 
those that are warmed and nourished by Noble bloud are 
wont) was mollified, and permitted it selfe to bee vanquished 
by that truth which he could not denie though hee would : 
and the token that hee gave of his being overcome, was to 
stoupe downe and imbrace Dorotea, saymg unto her, arise 
Ladle, for it is not just that shee be prostrated at my feete, 
whose Image I have erected in my mmde, and if I have not 
hitherto given demonstrations of what I now averre, it hath 
perhaps befallen through the disposition of heaven, to the 
end that I might by noting the constancie and faith where- 
withall thou dost affect me, know after how to valewe and 
esteeme thee according unto thy merits : and that which in 
recompence thereof I doe intreat of thee is, that thou wilt 
excuse in me mine ill maner of proceeding, and exceeding 
carelcsnesse in repaying thy gooa wilL For the very occa- 
182 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sion and violent passions that made mee to accept thee as CHAPTER 
mine, the very same did also impell me againe not to be IX 

thine : and for the more verifying of mine assertion, doe but ^VTiichtreates 
once behold the eyes of the now contented Luscinda, and of many rare 
thou mayest read in them a thousand excuses for mine JJ^^j^^n 
errour : and seeing shee hath found and obtained her hearts the Inne. 
desire; and I have in thee also gotten what is most con- 
venient : for I wish she may live securely and joyfully, many 
and happy yeeres with her Cardenio, for I will pray the 
same, that it will license mee to enjoy my beloved iDorotea : 
and saying so, he embraced her againe, and joyned his face 
to hers with so lovely motion, as it constrayned him to hold 
watch over his teares, lest violently bursting forth, they 
should give doubtlesse arguments of his fervent love, and 
remorse. 

Cardenio, Luscinda, and almost all the rest could not doe 
so, for the greater number of them shed so many teares, 
some for their private contentment, and others for their 
friends, as it seemed, that some grievous and heavy mis- 
fortune had betided them all : even very Sancho Pan^a wept, 
although hee excused it afterward, saying, that he wept 
only because that he saw that Dorotca was not the Queene 
Micomicona, as he had imagined, of whom he hoped to 
have received so great gifts and favours. The admiration 
and teares joyned, indured in them all for a pretty space, 
and presently after Cardenio and Luscinda went and Kneeled 
to Don Fernando, yeelding him thankes for the favour that 
he had done to them, with so courteous complements, as 
he knew not what to answerc; and therefore lifted them 
up, and embraced them with very great affection and kinde- 
nesse ; and presently after he demaundcd of Dorotea how 
she came to that place so farre from her owne dwelling? 
And she recounted unto him all that she had told to Car- 
denio: whereat Don Fernando and those which came with 
him tooke so great delight, as they could have wished that 
her story had continued a longer time in the telling then it 
did, so great was Doroteas grace in setting out of her mis- 
fortunes. And as soone as she had ended, Don Fernando 
told all that had befalne him in the Citie, after that he had 

12S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAFTBR found the scroule in Luscinda's bosome, wherein shee decUred 
I^ Cardenio to be her husband; and that he therefore could 

WhlchtreatM not nuury her, and also how he attempted to kill her, and 
ofmanjnre would hare done it, were it not that her parents hindred 
JJ^^J^ him, and that hee therefore departed out of the house full 
the Inna of shame and despite, with resolution to revenge himselfe 
more conunodiously ; and how he understood the next day 
following, how Luscinda was secretly departed from her 
fathers bouse, and gone no body knew where ; but that he 
finally learned within a few monetlis after that she had 
entred into a certaine Monastery, with intention to remaine 
there all the dales of her life, if she could not passe them 
with Cardenio : and that as soone as he had learned that, 
choosing those three Grentlemen for his associates, hee came 
to the place where she was, but would not speake to her, 
fearing lest that as soone as they knew of his being there, 
they would increase the guardes of the Monastery, and there- 
fore expected untill he found on a day the gates of the 
Monastery open ; and leaving two of his fellowes to keepe 
the doore, he with the other entred into the Abbey in 
LuBcindas search, whom they found talking with a Nunne 
in the Cloyster, and snatching her away ere she could retire 
her selfe, ^ey brought her to a certaine village, where they 
disguised themselves in that sort they were ; for so it was 
requbite for to brine her away. All which they did with 
the more facility, that the Monastery was seated abroad 
in the fields, a good way from any village. He likewise 
told that as soone as Luscinda saw her selfe in his power, 
she fell into a sound and that after she had returned to 
her selfe, she never did any other thing but weepe and 
sigh, wiliiout speaking a word^ and that in that manner, 
accompanied with silence and teares, they had arrived 
to that Inne, which was to him as gratefull as an 
arrivall to heaven, wherein all earthly mis- 
haps are concluded and finished. 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER X 

Wherein is prosecuted the Historie of the 

fiunous Princesse Micomicona, with other 

ddightfull adventures. 

ntANCHOgave eare to all this with no small 
gricfe of minde, seeing that all the hopes 
of hh Lordship vanished away like smoalce, 
and tliat the faire Princesse Micomicona 
was turned into Dorotea, and the Giant 
into Don Fernando, and that his Master 
slept sa soundly and carelesse of all tiiht 
had hapned. Dorotea could not yet 
assure her selfe whether the happinesse that she possest 
was a dreame, or no. Cardenio was in the very same 
taking, and also Luscindas thought run the same race. 
Don Fernando yeelded many thanks unto heaven for hav- 
ing dealt with him so propitiously, and unwinded him out 
of the intricate Labyrinth, wherein straying, hee was at the 
point to have lost at once his soule and credite, and finally, 
as many as were in the Inne, were very glad and joyfull of 
the successe of so thwart, intricate, and desperate afiaires. 
The Curate compounded and ordered all things through his 
discretion, and congratulated every one of the good he oh- 
tayned : but she Sat kept greatest Jubilee and joy, was 
the Hostesse for the promise that Cardenio and the Curate 
had made to pay her the damages and harmes committed bv 
Don-Quixote ; onely Sancho, as we have said, was afflicted, 
unfortunate, and sorrowfull. And thus he entred with melan- 
choly semblance to his Lord, who did but then awake, and 
said to him. 

Well and securely n»y you sleepe, Sir Knight of the heavie 
countenance, as long as it shall please your selfe, without 
troubling your selfe with any care of killing any Giant, or 
of restoring the Queene to her Kingdome, for all is concluded 

125 



CHAPTER 
X 

MHierein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the famous 
Princesse 
Micomicona, 
with other 
delightfuU 
adventures. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

and done already. I beleeve thee very easily, replyed Don- 
Quixote, for I have had the monstrousest and most terrible 
battell with that Giant, that ever I thinke to have all the 
dayes of my life with any ; and yet with one thwart blow 
thawacke, I overthrew his head to the around : and there 
issued so much bloud, as the streames thereof ranne along 
the earth, as if they were of water. As if they were of red 
wine, you might better have said, replied Sancho Pan9a: 
for I would let you to understand, if you know it not already, 
that the dead Giant is a bored wine bagse : and the bloud, 
sixe and thirty gallons of redde Wine, which it contayncd in 
his belly : the head that was flasht off so neately, is the 
whoore my mother and let the Divell take all away for 
mee. And what is this thou sayest madde man (quoth jDon- 
Quixote) ? Art thou in thy right wits ? G«t up. Sir (quoth 
Sancho) and you your selfe shall see the faire stuffe you have 
made, and what we have to pay, and you shall behold the 
Queene transformed into a particular Ladie called Dorotea, 
with other successes, which if you may once conceive them 
aright, will strike you into admiration. I would marvell at 
nothing, quoth Don-Quixote, for if thou beest well remem- 
bred, I tolde thee the other time that we were here, how all 
that succeeded in this place, was done by inchantment, and 
what wonder then if now the like should eftsoones befall ? 
I could easily be induced to beleeve all, replied Sancho, if 
my canvassing in the Coverlet were of that nature. But 
indeed it was not, but most reall and certaine. And I saw 
well how the Inkeeper that is here yet this very day alive, 
held one end of the Coverlet, and did tosse me up towards 
heaven with very good grace and strength, no lesse merrily 
then lightly: and where the notice of parties intercurs, I 
doe beleeve, although I am a simple man, and a sinner, that 
there is no kind of inchantment, but rather much trouble, 
brusing and misfortune. Well, God will remedie all, said 
Don-Quixote, and give me mine apparrell, for I will get up 
and goe forth, and see those successes and transformations 
which thou speakest of. Sancho gave him his cloathes, and 
whilst he was a making of him readie, the Curate recounted 
to Don Fernando and to the rest, Don-Quixotes mad pranks, 
126 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and the guile hee had used to bring him away out of the CHAPTER 
poore Rocke, wherein he imagined that hee lived exiled X 

through the disdaine of his Lady. Hee told them more- Wherein is 
over all the other adventures, which Sancho had discovered, prosecuted 
whereat they did not laugh a little and wonder withall, of\he'f^ous 
because it seemed to them all to be one of the extravagantest Princesse 
kinds of madnesse, that ever befell a distracted braine. The Micomicona^ 
Curate also added, that seeing the good successe of the Lady ^*}* ^t^®'' 
Dorotea did impeach the farther prosecuting of their designe, ?^^ ^ 
that it was requisite to invent and finde some other way, 
how to carry him home to his owne village. Cardenio 
offred himselfe to prosecute the adventure, and Luscinda 
should represent Doroteas person. No, quoth Don-Fernando, 
it shal not be so, for I will have Dorotea to prosecute her 
owne invention. For so that the Village of this good Gentle- 
man be not very far off from hence, I will be very glad to 
procure his remedy. It is no more then two daies journey 
from hence, said the Curate. Wei though it were more 
replied Don Fernando, I wold be pleased to travel them, 
in exchange of doing so good a worke. Don-Quixote sallied 
out at this time completely armed with Mambrinos Helmet, 
(although with a great hole in it) on his head, his target 
on his arme, and leaned on his Trunke or laveline: nis 
strange countenance and gate amazed Don Fernando and 
his companions very much, seeing his ilfavoured visage so 
withered and yealow, the inequalitie and insutability of his 
armes, and his grave manner of proceeding ; and stood all 
silent to sec what he would : who casting his eyes on the 
beautiful Dorotea, with very great gravitie and stayednesse 
said. 

I am informed (beautifuU Ladie) by this my Souire, that 
your greatnesse is annihilated, and your being aestroyed : 
lor of a Queene and mightie Princesse which you were wont 
to bee, you are now become a particular Damzell : which if it 
hath bene done by particular order of the magicall king 
your Father, dreadmg that I would not bee able to give you 
the necessarie and requisite helpe for your restitution; I 
say, that he neither knew nor doth know the one halfe of 
the enterprise, and that he was very little acquainted with 

127 



CHAPTER 
X 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the famous 
Princesse 
Micomicona, 
with other 
delightfuU 
adventures. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

Histories of chivalry, for if he had read them, or passed 
them over with so great attention and leasure, as I have 
done and read them, he should have found at every other 
step how other knights of a great deale lesse fame then my 
selte, have ended more desperate adventures, seeing it is not 
so great a matter to kill a Giant, be he ever so arrogant : 
for it is not many howres since I my selfe fought with one, 
and what insued I will not say, least they should tell me that 
I doe lie, but time the detector of all things will disclose it, 
when wee doe least thinke thereof. Thou foughtest with 
two wine bag^, and not with a Giant, quoth the Host at 
this season, but Don Fernando commaunded him to be 
silent, and not interrupt Don-Quixote in any wise, who 
prosecuted his speech saying. In fine I say high and dis- 
inherited Ladie, that if your father hath made this meta- 
morphoses in your person for the causes related, give him 
no credit : for there is no perill so great on earth, but my 
sword shall open a way through it, wherewithall I overthrow- 
^ing your enemies head to the ground, will set your CroMme 
on your oMme head within a few dayes. Heere Don-Quixote 
held his peace, and awaited the Princesse her answere, who 
knowing Don Femando^s determination and will, that she 
should continue the commenced guile untill Don-Quixote 
were carried home againe, answered with a very good grace 
and countenance in this manner. Whosoever mrormed you 
valorous Knight of the ill favored face, that I have altered 
and changed my being, hath not told you the truth : for I 
am the very same to day, that I was yesterday : true it is, 
that some unexpected yet fortunate successes have wrought 
some alteration in mee by bestowing on me better hap, then 
I hoped for, or could wish my selfe : but yet for all that, I 
have not left off to be that which before, or to have the 
very same thoughts, which I ever had, to helpe my selfe 
by the valour of your most valorous and invincible arme. 
And therefore I request you good my Lord of your accus- 
tomed bounty, to retume my father his honour againe, and 
account of him as of a very discreete and prudent man ; 
seeing that he found by this skill, so easie and so infallible 
a way to redresse my disgraces. For I doe certainly beleeve, 
128 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that if it had not beene by your meanes, I should never CHAPTER 
have hapned to attaine to the good fortune, which now I ^ 

possesse, as all those Noblemen present may witnesse : what Wherein is 
therefore rests, is, that to morrow morning we doe set P^^j^^- 
forward, for to day is now alreadie so overgone, as we should <,£ \he faz^us 
not be able to travaile very farre from hence : as for the Princesse 
conclusion of the ffood successe that I doe hourely expect, I Micomicoiu^ 
referre that to Grod, and the valour of your invincible arme. J^|^ u^^\ 

Thus much the discreet Dorotea said, and Don-Quixote a^vMitures. 
having heard her, hee turned him to Sancho with very 
manifest tokens of indignation, and said. Now I say unto 
thee little Sancho, that thou art the veryest rascall that is 
in all Spaine : tell me theefe and vagabond, didst not thou 
but even very now say unto mee, Uiat this Princesse was 
turned into a Damsell, and that called Dorotea ? and that 
the heade which I thought I had slashed from a giants 
shoulders, was the whore which bore thee ? with a thousand 
other follies, which did plunge mee into the greatest con- 
fusion that ever I was in, in my life ? I vow (and then he 
looked upon heaven, and did crash his teeth together) that 
I am about to make such a wracke on thee, as shall beate 
wit into the pates of all the lying Squires that shall ever 
hereafter serve Knights Errant in this world. I pray you 
have patience, good my Lord, answered Sancho, for it may 
very well befall me, to bee deceived in that which touchetn 
the transmutation of the Ladie and Princesse Micomicona : 
but in that which concerneth the Giants head, or at least 
the boaring of the wine bagges, and that the bloud was but 
red wine, I am not deceived I sweare. For the bagges lie 
yet wounded there within at your ownc beds head : and the 
red wine hath made a lake in the Chamber : and if it bee 
not so, it shall be perceived at the frying of the egges, I 
meane, that you shall see it, when Master Inkeepers worship, 
who is heere present, shall demand the losse and dammage : 
I say thee, Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, that thou art a 
mad-cap : pardon me, and so it is enough. It is enough 
indeed quoth Don Fernando : and therefore let me intreate 
you to say no more of this : and seeing my Ladie the Prin- 
cesse saies she will goe away to morrow, seeing it is now to 

2:R 1S9 



CHAPTER 
X 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the famous 
Princesse 
Micomicona, 
with other 
delightfiiU 
adventures. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

late to depart to day, let it be so agreed on, and we will 
spend this night in pleasant discourses, untill the approach 
of the insuing day, wherein wee will all accompany and 
attend on the worthy Knight Sir Don-Quixote, because we 
would be eye-witnesses of the valorous and unmatchable 
feates of armes, which he shall doe in the pursuit of this 
weightie enterprize, which hee hath taken upon him : I am 
hee that will serve and accompany you good my Lord, 
replyed Don-Quixote, and I doe highly gratifie the honour 
that is done me, and the good opinion that is held of me, 
the which I will indevour to verine and approovc, or it shall 
cost mee my life, or more, if more it might cost mee. 

Many other words of complement and gratification past 
betweene Don-Quixote and Don Fernando : but a certaine 
passenger imposed silence to them all, by his arrivall to the 
Inne, in that very season, who by his attire shewed that hee 
was a Christian newly returned from among the Moores, for 
he was apparrellcd with a short skirted cassocke of blew 
cloth, sleeves reaching downe halfe the arme, and without 
a coller : his breeches were likewise of blew linnen, and he 
wore a bonnet of the same colour, a payre of date colour 
buskins, and a Turkish Cimitar hanging at his necke in a 
scarfe: which went athwart his brest: there entred after 
him riding on an Asse a woman clad like a Moore, and her 
face covered with a piece of the vaile of her head, she wore 
on her head a little cap of cloath of gold, and was covered 
with a little Turkish mantle, from the shoulders doMme to 
the feete. The man was of strong and comely making, of 
the age of fortie yeeres or there abouts, his face was some- 
what tanned, he had long Mostacheos, and a very handsome 
beard. To conclude, his making was such as if he were 
well attired, men would take him to be a person of quality, 
and good birth : he demaunded a Chamber as soone as hee 
had entred : and being answered that there was no one 
vacant in the Inne, he seemed to bee grieved : and comming 
to her which in her attire devoted her selfe to be a Moore, 
he tooke her downe from her Asse. Luscinda, Dorotea, the 
hostesse, her daughter, and Maritomes, allured to behold 
the new and strange attire of the Moore, compassed her 

ISO 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

about and Dorotea, who was alwaies most gracious, cour- CHAPTER 

teous, and discreete, deeming that both she and he that X 

had brought her, were discontented for the want of a lodg- Wherein is 

ing she said. Ladie be not grieved for the trouble you are pros^uted 

heere like to endure for want of meanes to refresh your selfe, t^® Hi^"^® 

... . II J 11 • i» 11 T J. i_ 01 the tamous 

seeing it is an universall and usuall vice of all Innes to be princesse 

defective herein : yet notwithstanding if it shall please you Micomicona^ 

to passe away the time among us (pointing to Luscinda) with other 

perhaps you have met in the discourse of your travels, other ^%^tfull 

worse places of intertainmcnt then this shall prove. The 

disguised Lady made none answere, nor other thing then 

arising from the place wherein shee sate, and setting both 

her hands a crosse on her bosome, she inclined her head, and 

bowed her bodie in signe that she rendred them thanks : 

by her silence they doubtlesly conjectured her to bee a 

Moore, and that she could not speake the Castilian tongue. 

In this the captive arrived who was otherwise imployed 

untill then, and seeing that they all had invironed her that 

came with him, and that she made no answere to their 

speech, he said. Ladies this maiden scarce understands my 

tongue yet, nor doth she know any other then that of her 

owne Countrey ; and therefore she hath not, nor can make 

any answere to your demaunds. We demand nothing of 

her, quoth Luscinda, but onely doe make her an offer of our 

companies for this night, and part of her roume where we 

our selves arc, shall be accommodated, where she shall be 

cherished up as much as the commodity of this place, and 

the Obligation wherein wee bee tied to shew courtesies to 

strangers that may want it, doe bindc us, especially she 

being a woman, to whom we may doe this service. Sweet 

Lfidy I kisse your hands both for her and my selfe replied 

the captive, and I do highly prize, as it aeserveth, the 

favor you have proffered, which in such an occasion, and 

offred oy such persons as you seeme to be, doth very plainely 

shew how great it is. Tell me good Sir quoth Dorotea, 

whether is this Lady a Christian or a Moore ? for by her 

attire and silence she makes us suspect that shee is, that we 

would not wish she were. A Moore she is in attire and 

body, answered the captive: but in mind she is a very 

181 



r 



CHAPTER 
X 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the fiunous 
Princesse 
Micomioona^ 
with other 
delightfoU 
adventures. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

fervent Christian, for she hath very ezpresly desired to 
become one. Then she is not yet baptizea ? said Luscinda : 
there hath beene no oportunitie offered to us, quoth the 
captive, to christen her, since she departed firom Argell, 
which is her Towne and Country : and since that time shee 
was not in any so eminent a danger of death, as might 
obliee her to be baptized, before shee were first instructed 
in u the ceremonies which our holy Mother the Chiurch 
commandeth: but I hope shortly (if it shall please Grod) 
to see her baptized with that decency, which her quality 
and calling deserves, which is greater then her attire or 
mine makes shew o£ 

These words inflamed all the hearers with a great desire 
to know, who the Moore and her captive were; yet none 
of them would at that time intreate him to satisfie their 
longing, because the season rather invited them to take 
som order how they might rest after their travailes, then 
to demaund of them the discourse of their lives. Dorotea 
then taking her by the hand, caused her to sit downe by 
her selfe, and prayed her to taJce off the veile from her face : 
shee instantly beheld the Captive, as if shee demaunded of 
him, what they said ; and hee in the Arabicall language told 
her, how they desired her to discover her face, and bad 
her to doe it, which presently shee did, and discovered so 
beautiful! a visage, as Dorotea esteemed her to bee fairer 
then Luscinda, and Luscinda prized her to excell Dorotea : 
and all the beholders perceived, that if any one could sur- 
passe them both in beautie, it was the Moore ; and there 
were some that thought shee excelled them both in some 
respects. And as beautie hath evermore the prerogative 
ana grace to reconcile mens minds, and attract their wils 
to it ; so all of them forthwith dedicated their desires to 
serve and make much of the lovely Moore. Don Fernando 
demaunded of the Captive, how shee was called : and hee 
answered, that her name was Lela Zoraida, and as soone as 
shee heard him, and understood what they had demaunded, 
shee suddenly answered with, anguish, but yet with a very 
good grsjcBj no, not Zoraida, but Maria, Maria, giving them 
to understand that shee was called Maria, and not Zoraida. 

132 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

These words and the great affect and vehemencie where- CHAPTER 
withall the Moore delivered them, extorted more then one ^ 

teare from the hearers, especially fix)m the womon, who are Wherein is 
naturally tender hearted and compassive. Luscinda em- Fi^^*^.^J^. 
braced her then with great love, and said. I, I, Maria, of^heVammia 
Maria, to which shee answered, I, I, Maria ; Zoraida man- Princeese 
cange: that is, and not Zoraida. By this it was growen Micomicona, 
some foure of the clocke in the aftemoone, and by order J^J^ y^% 
of those which were Don Ferdinandos companions, the In- a^{^u^[J|^ 
keeper had provided for them as good a beaver as the Inne 
could in any wise affoord unto them. Therefore it being 
the houre, they sate downe all together at a long table, 
for there was never a square or round one in all the house, 
and they gave the first and principall end (although hee 
refused it as much as hee could) to Don-Quixote, who 
commaunded that the Ladie Micomicona should sit at his 
elbow, seeing he was her champion, presently were placed 
Luscinda, and Zoraida, and Don Fernando, and Cardenio 
right over against them, and after the Captive and other 
Gentlemen, and on the other side the Curate and Barber : 
and thus they made their drinking with very great recrea- 
tion, which was the more augmented to see Don-Quixote, 
leaving of his meate, and moved by the like spirit of that 
which had made him once before talke so much to the 
Goate-heards, beginne to offer them an occasion of speech 
in this manner : 

Truely, good Sirs, if it be well considered, those which 
professe the order of Knight-hood, doe see many great, and 
unexpected things. If it bee not so, say, what mortall man 
alive is there, that entring in at this Castle gate, and seeing 
of us all in the manner we be now present here, can 
judge and beleeve that we are those which wee be? who 
is it that can say, that this Ladie which sits here at 
my sleeve, is the great Queene that wee all know her to 
bee, and that I am that Knight of the heavie Counten- 
ance, that am so much blab'd of abroad by the mouth 
of fame? therefore it cannot be now doubted, but that 
this art and exercise excelleth all the others which ever 
humane wit, the underminer of Nature invented, and it is 

13S 



CHAPTER 
X 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the fiunous 
Princesse 
Micomicona^ 
with other 

ddightfidi 

adventures. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

the more to be prized, by how much it exposeth it selfe, 
more then other trades, to dangers and inconveniences. 
Away with those that shall affirme learning to surpasse 
armes, for I will say unto them, be they what they list, 
that they know not what they say. For the reason which 
such men doe most urge, and to which they most relye, is, 
that the travailes of the spirit doe farre exceed those of the 
body : and that the use oi armes are onely exercised by the 
body, as if it were an office fit for porters, for which nothing 
were requisite but bodily forces, or as if in that which wee 
that professe it doe call armes, were not included the acts 
of Fortitude, which require deepe understanding to execute 
them, or as if the Warriours minde did not labour as well 
as his body, who had a great armie to leade and command, 
or the defence of a besieged Citie. If not, see if hee can 
arrive by his corporall strength, to know or sound the 
intent of his enemy, the designes, stratagems, and diffi- 
culties, how to prevent imminent dangers, all these being 
operations of the understanding, wherein the body hath 
no meddling at all : it being therefore so, that the exercise 
of armes require spirit as well as those of learning ; let us 
now examine which of the two spirits, that of the SchoUer, 
or Souldier, doe take most paine? and this may bee best 
understood by the end, to which both of them are addressed, 
for that intention is most to be esteemed, which hath for 
object the most Noble end. The end and conclusion of 
learning is, I speake not now of Divinitie whose scope is 
to leade and addresse souls to heaven, for to an end so 
much without end as this, no other may be compared, I 
meane of humane sciences and arts, to maintaine aistribu- 
tive justice in his perfection, and give to every one that 
which is his owne: to indeavour and cause good XAwes 
to bee religiously observed ; an end most certainely, gener- 
ous, high, and worthy of great praise : but not of so much 
as that, to which the exercise of armes is annext, which 
hath for his object and end, peace : which is the greatest 
good men can desire in this life: and therefore the first 
good newes that ever the world had, or men received, 
were those which the Angels brought on that night which 
134 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

was our day when they sung in the skies : * Glorie bee in CHAPTER 
the heights, and peace on earth, to men of good mindes.*^ X 

And the salutation which the bc^st Master that ever was on Wherein is 
earth or in heaven, taught to his Disciples and favourites, prosecuted 
was that, when they entred into any house, they should *^® ^i^torie 
say, 'Peace be to this house": and many other times hee Princ^sse"^"* 
said, *I give unto you my peace; I leave my peace unto Micomicona, 
you : peace bee amongst you " : It is a good, as precious ^ith other 
as a Jewell, and a gift given, and left by such a hand : ^%htf»ill 
a Jewell, without which neither on earth or in heaven can ^®^*^«*' 
there be any perfect good. This peace is the true end 
of warre, for armes, ana warre are one and the selfe same 
things. This truth being therefore presupposed, that the 
end of warre is peace, and that herein it doth excell the 
end of learning: let us descend to the corporall labours 
of the SchoUer, and to those of him which professeth armes, 
and consider which of them are more toilesome. 

Don-Quixote did prosecute his discourse in such sort, and 
with so pleasing termes, as he had almost induced his 
audients to esteeme him, to be at that time at least, 
exempt from his frensie : and therefore by reason that the 
greater number of them were Gentlemen, to whom the use 
of armes is in a manner essential and proper, they did 
willingly listen to him, and therefore hee continued on 
with his discourse in this manner. I say then that the 
paines of the Student are commonly these : principally 
poverty (not that I would maintaine that all Stuaents 
arc poore, but that I may put the case in the greatest 
extremity it can have) and by saying that he may be poore, 
mee thinks there may bee no greater aggravation of his 
misery. For he that is poore, hath no perfection: and 
this poverty is suffered by him sundry waies, sometimes 
by hunger, other times by cold or nakednesse, and many 
times by all of them together. Yet it is never so extreme, 
but that he doth eate, although it be somewhat later then 
the custome ; or of the scraps and reversion of the rich 
man : and the greatest misery of the Student is that which 
they terme, to live by saps and pottage : and though they 
want fire of their owne, yet may they have recourse to their 

1S6 



CHAPTER 
X 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the {kmoua 
Princesse 
Micomicona, 
with other 
delightfuU 
admitureB. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

Neighbours chimney, which if it doe not worme, yet will it 
weaken the cold ; and finally, they ileepe at night under 
a roofe. I will not descend to other trifles, to wit, the 
want of shirts and shoes, the barenessc of their clothes, 
or the overloading of their stomacks with meate, when 
good fortune lends them as good a meale : for by this 
way which I have decyphered so rough and difficult, stum- 
bling here, falling there, getting up againe on the other 
side, and refaUing on this, they attaine the decree which 
they have desireaso much, which many having compassed 
as wee have seene, which having passed through these diffi- 
culties, and sailed by Scylla and Choribdis (borne away 
flying in a manner by favourable fortune) they command 
and goveme all the world from a chaire, turning their 
hunger into sacietie, their nakedneese into pompe, and their 
sleeping on a matte, into a sweet repose among Hollands 
and Damaske: a reward justly merited by their Vertue; 
but their labours confronted and compared to those 
of the militant Souldier, remaine very far be- 
hinde, as I will presently declare. 



CHAPTER XI 

Treating of the curious discourse made by 

Don-Quixote upon the exercises of 

Armes and Letters. 

ON-QUIXOTE continuing his discourse, 
sud. Seeing wee beginne in the Student 
with poverty and her parts, let us ex- 
amine whether the Souldier bee richer? 
certaincly wee shall findc, that no man 
cEui exceede the Souldier in poverty it 
selfe, For hee is tyed to his wretched 
pay which comes either late or never : 
or else to his owne shifts with notable danger of his life 
136 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and conscience, and his nakednesse is oft-times so much, as CHAPTER 
many times a leather jerken gashed, serves him at once for ^ 

a shirt and an ornament : and in the midst of winter he Treatinj^ of 
hath sundry times no other defence or helpe to resist the ^® curious 
inclemencies of the aire in the midst of the open fields, made^b^Don- 
then the breath of his mouth ; which I verily beleeve doth Quixote upon 
against nature come out cold, by reason it sallies from an the exercises 
cmptie place : expect there till the night fall, that hee may ®f Armes and 
repaire all these discommodities, by the easinesse of his bea, ^^^^ 
the which if it be not through his owne default, shall never 
offend in narrownesse, for hee may measure out for it on the 
earth as many foot as he pleaseth, and tumble himselfe 
up and downe in it, without indangering the wrinckline of 
his sheetes. Let after all this the day and houre arrive, 
wherein he is to receive the decree of his profession. Let, 
I say, a day of battaile arrive, for there they will set on his 
head the Cappe of his dignitie, made of lints to cure the 
wound of some bullet that hath past throw and throw 
his temples, or hath maimed an arme or a Icgge, and when 
this doth not befall, but that heaven doth piously keepe 
and preserve him whole and sound ; hee shall perhaps abide 
still m the same poverty wherein he was at the first ; and 
that it bee requisite that one and another battell doe suc- 
ceed, and he come of ever a victour, to the end that he may 
prosper, and be at the last advanced. But such miracles 
are but few times wrought, and say, good Sirs, if you 
have noted it, how few are those which the warres reward, 
in respect of the others that it hath destroyed ? you must 
answere without question, that there can bee no compari- 
son made betweene them, nor can the dead be reduced to 
any number, but all the living and such as are advanced, 
may be counted easily with three arithmeticall figures ; all 
which fals out contrary in learned men, for all of them 
have wherewithall to entertaine and maintaine themselves 
by skirts, I will say nothing of sleeves : So that although 
the Souldiers labour is greater, yet is his reward much lesse. 
But to this may be answered, that it is ecisier to reward 
two hundred thousand learned men, then thirty thousand 
Souldiers ; for they may be advanced by giving unto them 
S : S 187 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER offices which must of necessity be bestowed on men of their 

^ profession : but Souldiers cannot bee recompensed otherwise 

Treating of then by the Lords substance and wealth wnom they serve ; 

^e cunouB g^^d yet this objection and impossibility doth fortine much 
discourse ,«^^ ««„ ^«»^^;^^ 

made bv Don- ^^^^ ™y assertion. 

Quixote upon But leaving this apart which is a labyrinth of very diffi- 
the exercises cult issue, let us retume to the preeminency of armes over 
of Amies and learning, which is a matter hitherto depending, so many 
^^"' are the reasons that every one alleageth for himselfe : and 

among those which I my selfe have repeated, then learning 
doth argue thus for it selfe, that armes without it cannot 
be long maintained, for as much as the warre hath also 
lawes, and is subject to them, and that the lawes are con- 
tayned under the title of learning, and belong to learned 
men. To this objection, Armes doe make answere, that 
the lawes cannot be sustained without them, for common- 
welths are defended by armes, and Eingdomes preserved, 
Citties fenced, high waies made safe, the Seas freed from 
Pirates : and to be briefe, if it were not for them, Common- 
welths, Kingdomes, Monarchies, Citties, and waves by Sea 
and Land, would be subject to the rigour ana confusion 
which attendeth on the warre all the time that it indureth, 
and is licensed to practise his prerogatives and violence: 
And it is a knowne truth, that it which cost most, is or 
ought to bee most accounted of, that one may become 
eminent in learning, it costs him time, watchings, hunger, 
nakednesse, head-aches, rawnesse of stomake, and other such 
inconveniences, as I have partly mentioned already. But 
that one may arrive by true termes to be a good Souldier, 
it costs him al that it costs the Student, in so exceeding a 
degree, as admits no comparison, for he is at every steppe 
in jeoperdie to lose his life. And what feare of necessity, 
or poverty, may befall or molest a Student so fiercely as it 
doth a Souldier, who seeing himself at the siege of some im- 
pregnable place, and standing Centinell in some Raveline or 
halfe Moone, feeles the enemies undermining neere to the 
place where he is, and yet dares not to depart or abandon 
nis stand, upon any occasion whatsoever, or shun the danger 
which so nearely threatens him; but that which he only 
1S8 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

may doe, is to advise his Captaine of that which passeth, CHAPTER 
to the end hee may remedy it by some countermine, whilest ^ 
he must stand stil fearing and expecting when he shal sud- Treating of 
dainly fly up to the clowds without wings, and after de- ^® curious 
scend to the depths against his will. And if this appeare nladeb^Don- 
to be but a small danger, let us way whether the grapling Quixote upon 
of two gallies, the one vnth the other in the midst of the the exercises 
spacious Maine, may be compared, or doe surpasse it, the of Armesand 
which nailed and grapled fast the one to the other, the Soid- ^^®**®"' 
dier hath no more roome in them, then two foot broad of a 

Elanke on the battaillings, and notwithstanding, although 
e clearly see laid before him so many ministers of deaui, 
for all the peeces of artillery that are planted on the ad- 
verse side, doe threaten him, and are not distant from his 
body the length of a launce : and seeing that if he slipt 
ever so little aside, he should fall into the deepes; doth 
yet neverthelesse with undaunted heart, borne away on the 
wings of honour, which spurreth him onward, oppose him- 
selfe as a worke to all tneir shot, and strives to passe by 
that so narrow a way into the enemies vessell : Ana what is 
most to bee admired, is to behold how scarce is one fallen 
into that place; from whence hee shall never after arise 
untill the worldes end, when another takes possession of 
the same place : and if he doe likewise tumole into the 
Sea, which gapes like an enemy for him also, another and 
another will succeed unto him, without giving any respite 
to the times of their death, vaJour, and boldnesse, which is 
the greatest that may be found among all the traunces of 
warfare. Those blessed ages were fortunate, which wanted 
the dreadfull furie of the divelish and murdering peeces of 
Ordenance, to whose inventor I am verily perswaded that 
they render in hell an etemall guerdon K)r his Diabolicall 
invention ; by which he hath given power to an infamous, 
base, vile and dastardly arme, to bereave the most valorous 
Knight of life; and that without knowing how or from 
whence, in the midst of the stomacke and courage that 
inflames and animates valorous mindes, there arrives a 
wandrinff bullet (shot off perhaps by him that was affraid, 
and fledae at the very blaze of tne powder, as he discharged 

189 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER the accursed engine) and cuts off and finisheth in a moment 
^I the thoughts and life of him who merited to enjoy it many 

Treating of ages. 

tiie curious ^jj j whilest I consider this I am about to say that it 

madeby^Don- gi^^ves me to have ever undertaken the exercise of a Knight 
Quixote upon Errant in this our detestable age ; for although no danger 
£e exercises can afiright me, yet notwithstanding I live in jealousie 
of Annas and to thinke how powder and Lead might deprive me of 
^^"^ the power to make my selfe famous and renouned by the 

strength of mine arme, and edge of my sword throughout 
the face of the earth. But let heaven dispose as it pleaseth : 
for so much the more shal I be esteemed, if I can compasse 
my pretentions, by how much the dangers were greater, to 
whicn I opposed my selfe, then those atchieved in foregoing 
times by Knights adventurous. 

Don-Quixote made all this prolixe speech, whilest the rest 
of his company did eate, wnolly forgetting to taste one 
bit, although Sancho Fanfa did now and then put him in 
remembrance of his victuals, saying that hee should have 
leisure enough after, to speake as much as he could desire. 
In those that had heard, was againe renued a kinde of com- 
passion, to see a man of so good a witte as he seemed to be, 
and of so good discourse in all the other matters which he 
tooke in hand, to remaine so cleerely devoyd of it, when 
any occasion of speech were offered, treating of his accursed 
ChivaJrie. The Curate applauded his discourse, affirming 
that hee produced very good reasons for al that he had 
spoken in the favour of armes, and that hee himselfe 
(although he was learned and Graduated) was likewise of 
his opinion. The Beaver being ended, and the table clothes 
taken away, whilest Maritomes did helpe her Mistresse and 
her daughter to make ready the roome where Don-Quixote 
had slept for the Grentlewomen, wherein they alone might 
retire tnemselves that night. Don Fernando intreated the 
captive to recount unto them the history of his life, for 
as much as he suspected that it must have beene rare 
and delightfuU, as he gathered by the tokens he gave, 
by comming in the lovely Zoraydas companie. To which 
the captive replied, that he would accomplish his desire 
140 



LetteisL 



nr] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

with a very good will, and that onely he feared that the CHAPTER 
discourae would not proove bo savory as they expected. ^I 

But yet for all that ne would tell it, because hee would Treating of 
not disobey him i the Curate and all the rest thanked *^^ curious 
him for his promise, and turned to request him againe to nl^^by^Don- 
hegin his discourse ; and he perceiving ao many to sollicite Ouixote upon 
him, said, that prayers were not requisite, when commaunde- uie ezerciHs 
ments were of such force: and therefore I desire you, of Armesind 
quoth he, to be attentive, and you shall heare a true dis- ***■"■ 
coune, to which perhaps no fained invention m^ be com- 
pared for variety or delight The rest animated by these 
bis words, did accommodate themselves with very great 
silence, and he beholding their silence and expecta- 
tion of his history, with a modest and pleasing 
voyce, began in this manner. 



CHAPTER Xn 

AVherein the Captive recounteth his life, and 
other accidents. 

ifiN a certain Village of the Mountaines of 
Lion, my lineaee had beginning, where- 
withal! nature dealt much more liberally 
then fortune, although my father had the 
opinion amidst the penury and poverty 
01 that people, to be a rich man, aa in- 
deed he might have beene, bad he but 
used as much care to hoard up his wealth, 
as prodigality to spend it. And this his liberall disposition 
proceed^ from his being a souldier in bis youthful] yeares : 
for warre is the schoole wherein the miser is made francke, 
and the francke man prodigall: and if among souldien 
we finde some wretches and ni^ards, they are accounted 
Monsters which are seldome scene. My father passed the 
bounds of liberality, and touched verv neerely the confines 

141 




CHAPTER 
XII 

Wherein 
the Captive 
recounteth 
his life, 
and other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

of prodigality ; a thing nothing profitable for a married 
man, who had children that should succeed him in his 
name and being. My father had three sonnes, all men, 
and of yeares sufficient to make an election of the state of 
life they meaned to lead. Wherefore he perceiving as he 
himselfe was wont to say, that he coidd not bridle his nature 
in that condition of spending, he resolved to deprive him- 
selfe of the instrument and cause, which made him such a 
spender and so liberall, to wit, of his goods ; without which 
Alexander the great himselfe would be accounted a miser ; 
and therefore cfluling us all three together on a day into his 
chamber, he used these or such like reasons to us. 

Sonnes, to affirme that I love you well, may be presumed, 
seeing I terme you my sonnes : and yet it may be suspected 
that I hate you, seeing I doe not goveme my selfe so well 
as I might, in the husbanding and increasing of your stocke. 
But, to the end that you may from henceforth perceive that 
I doe a£Pect you with a fatherly love, and that I meane not 
to overthrow you like a step-father, I will doe one thing to 
you which I have pondered, and vnth mature deliberation 
purposed these many daies : You are all of age to accept 
an estate, or at least to make choice of some such exercise, 
as may tume to your honour and profite at riper yeares : 
and therefore that which I have thought upon, is to devide 
my goods into foure parts; the three I will bestow upon 
you, to every one that which appertaines to him, without 
exceeding a jot, and I my selfe will reserve the fourth, to 
live and maintaine me with as long as it shall please heaven 
to lend mee breath. Yet I doe greatly desire that after 
every one of you is possest of his portion, hee would take 
one of the courses which I meane to propose. There is 
an old proverbe in this our Spaine, in mine opinion very 
true, (as ordinarily all proverbs are, being certaine brie& 
sentences collected out of long and discreet experiences) and 
it is this ; * The Church, the Sea, or the Court ^ : The mean- 
ing whereof is, That whosoever would become wealthy, or 
worthy, must either follow the Church, haunte the Seas by 
exercising the trade of Merchandizes, or get him a place of 
service, and entertainment in the Kings house, for men say, 

142 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that ^ A Kings crumme is more worth then a Lords loafe/ CHAPTER 
This I say, because I desire, and it is my will, that one of ^1 
you doe follow his booke, another merchandize, and the third Wherein 
the warre ; seeing that the service of his owne house is a ^® ^**t^* 
difficult thing to compcisse. And although the warre is ^^^^ 
not wont to inrich a man, yet it addes unto him great and other 
worth and renoune. Within these eight dayes I doe meane accidents, 
to give you all your portions in money, without defrauding 
you of a mite, as you shall see in effect. Therefore tell me 
now whether you meane to follow mine opinion and advice 
in this which I have proposed. And then he commaunded 
me by reason that I was the eldest, to make him an answere. 
I, after I had intreated him not to make away his goods, 
but to spend and dispose of them as hee listed, seeing that 
we were both young and able enough to gaine more; at 
last I concluded that I would accomplish his will, and that 
mine was to follow the wars, therein serving God and my 
King together. The second brother made the same offer, 
and imploying his portion in commodities, would venter it to 
the Indias. The youngest, and as I deemc, the discreetest, 
said, that either he would follow the Church, or goe at the 
least to Salamanca to finish his already commenml studies. 
And as soone as we had ended the agreement and election 
of our vocations, my father embraced us all, and afterwards 
performed unto us, in as short a time as he had mentioned, 
all that hee promised ; giving unto each of us a portion, 
amounting, if I doe well remember, to three thousand 
duckats a piece in money: for an uncle of ours bought 
all the goods, and paide ready money, because he would 
not have them made away trom our owne familie and 
linea^. We all tooke our leaves of our good father in 
one day, cmd in that instant it seeming to me a ffreat 
inhumanity to leave my father so old, and with so little 
meanes ; I dealt so with him, as I constrayned him to take 
backe againe two thousand duckats of the three he had 
given me, for as much as the rest was sufficient to furnish 
me in very good sort with all things requisite for a souldier. 
My brothers, moved by mine example, did each of them 
give him a thousand crownes : so tnat my father remained 

148 



CHAPTER 
XII 

Wherein 
the Captive 
recounteth 
his life^ 
and other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

yrith foure thousand crownes in money, and three in ^oods, 
as they were valued ; which goods hee would not sell, but 
keepe them still in stocke. Finally, we bad him (and our 
saia uncle) farewell, not without much feeling and many 
teares on both sides: and they charged us that we would 
from time to time acquaint them with our successes, whether 
prosperous or adverse. We promised to performe it, and 
then embracing us, and giving us his blessme, one departed 
towards Salamanca, another to Sivill, and my selfe to 
Alicante. I arrived prosperously at Genova, and from 
thence went to Milaine, where I did accommodate my 
selfe with armes, and other braveries used by souldiers, 
and departed from thence to settle my selfe in Piemonte, 
and being in my way towards the Citie of Alexandria de 
la Faglia, I heard newes that the great Duke of Alva did 

risse towards Flanders. Wherefore changing my purpose, 
went with him, and served him in all the expeditions he 
made: I was present at the beheading of the Earles of 
Egmont and Homes, and obtained at last to be Ensigne to 
a famous Captaine of Guada-lajara, called Diego de Urbina. 
Within a while after mine arrivall to Flanders the newes 
were divulged of the league that Pius Quintus the Pope, 
of £sunous memory, had made with the Venetians, and the 
King of Spaine, against our common enemy the Turke, who 
had gayned by force the famous Island of Cypres, much 
about the same time, which Island belonged to the State 
of Venice, and was an unfortunate and Limentable losse. 
It was also certainly knowne, that the most noble Don lohn 
of Austria, our good King Don Philips naturall Brother, 
did come downe for geneiall of this League, and the great 
provision that was made for the warre was published every 
where. 

Al this did incite and stirre on my minde and desire to 
be present at that expedition so much expected : and there- 
fore although I had conjectures, and halfe promises to bee 
made a Captaine in the first occasion that should be offered, 
yet I resolved to leave all those hopes, and goe into Italie, 
as in effect I did. And my good fortune so disposed, as 
the Lord Don lohn of Austria arrived just at the same 

144 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

time at Grenova, cuid went towards Naples, to joyne him- CHAPTER 
selfe with the Venetian Navie, as he did after at Messina. ^^ 
In this most fortunate journey I was present, being by this >VTierem 
made a Captaine of foote : to which honourable charge, I ^® ^*?^* 
was mounted rather by my good fortune, then by my ^^Ufe 
deserts. And that very day which was so fortunate to and other 
all Christendome ; for therein the whole world was unde- accidents, 
ceived, and all the nations thereof freed of all the errour 
they held, and beliefe they had, that the Turke was in- 
vincible at Sea : in that very day I say, wherein the swell- 
ing stomacke, cmd Ottomanicall pride was broken among so 
many happy men as were there (for the Christians that 
were slaine were much more happy then those which they \ 
left victorious alive) I alone was unfortunate, seeing that 
in exchange of some Naval Crowne, which I might expect, 
had I lived in the times of the auncient Romanes, I found 
my selfe, the night ensuing that so famous a day, with 
my legges chained, and my hands manacled, which befell 
in this manner : that Uchali King of Ar^ers, a bolde and 
venturous Pirate, having invested and distressed the Ad- 
mirall of Malta (for onely three Knights remained alive, 
and those very sore wounded) lohn Andreas chiefe Gallic 
came to her succour, wherein I went with my company : 
and doing what was requisit in such em occasion, I leapt 
into the enemies vessell, the which falling off from that 
which had assaulted her, hindred my souldiers from follow- 
ing me ; by which means I saw my selfe alone amidst mine 
enemies, against whom I could make no long resistance, 
they were so many. In fine, I was taken full of wounds. 
Now as you may have heard, Uchali saved himselfe and 
all his squadron, whereby I became captive in his power, 
and onely remained sorrowfuU among so many joyfull, 
and captive among so many freed : for that day fifteene 
thousand Christians, which came slaves and inchained in 
the Turkish Gallies recovered their desired liberty. I was 
carried to Constantinople, where the great Turke Selim, 
made my Lord Grenerall of the Sea, by reason that he had 
so well performed his duety in the battell, having brought 
away, for a witnesse of his valour the Standara, of the 
S:T 145 



r 





CHAPl'ER 
XII 




Wherein 
the Captive 
recounteth 
his life^ 
and other 
accidents. 










/ 




f 




t 




1 




t 




1 





/ 



f 



( 



*E8tarUeroi, 
p. 442. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

Order of Malta. I was the yeere insuing of 1572, in 
Navarino, rowing in the Admirall of the tJ^ee LanthoimeSy 
and saw and noted there the oportunity that was lost, 
of taking all the Turkish Navie within the haven : for all 
the Grenisaries and other souldiers that were in it, made 
full account, that the^ should be set upon, even within the 
very Fort, and therefore trussed up all their baggage, and 
made ready their shoes, to flie away presently to the land, 
being in no wise minded to expect tne assault, our Navie 
did strike such terrour into them. But Crod disposed other- 
wise of the matter, not through the fault or negligence 
of the Grenerall that governed our men, but for the sinnes 
of Christendome, and because God permits and wils, that 
we have alwaies some executioners to chastice us. In 
summe, Uchali got into Modon, which is an Island neere 
to Navarino, and landing his men there, he fortified the 
mouth of the haven, and there remained untill Don lohn 
departed. In this voyage was taken the Gaily called Presa^ 
whereof the famous Pirate Barbarossas his sonne was Cap- 
taine : it was surprised by the head Galley of Naples called 
the Shee Wolfe^ that was commaunded by the thunder- 
bolt of warre, the father of souldiers, that fortunate and 
never overthrowne Don Alvaro de Bafan, the Marquesse 
of Sancta Cruez. And here I will not forget to recount 
what befell at the taking of the Presa : this sonne of Bar- 
barossas was so crueU, and used his slaves so ill, that as 
soone as they that were rowing, perceived the Shee Wolfe 
to approach them, cmd that she had overtaken them, they 
cast away their Oares all at one time, and laying hands on 
their Captaine that stood on the *Poope, crying to them 
to row with more speede, and passing him from one bancke 
to another, from the Poope to the Prow, they tooke so 
.many bits out of him, as he had sccurce passed beyond 
the Mast, when his soule was already wasted to hell ; such 
was the cruelty wherewithall he intreated them, and so 
great the hate they also bore towards him. We re- 
turned the next yeare after to Constantinople, being that 
of seventy and three, and there we learned now Don lohn 
had gained Tunez, and taking that Eingdome away from 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the Turkes, had by installing Muley Hamet therein, cut CHAPTER 

away all Muley Hamedas hopes to raigne againe tiiere, ^I 

who was the most crueU and valiant Moore that ever Wherein 
livedo the Captive 

The great Turke was very much grieved for this losse, ^^^^ 
and therefore using the sagacity wherewithall all his race and other 
were indued, he made peace with the Venetians, which accidents, 
wished for [it] much more then he did himselfe: and the 
yeare after of seventy and foure he assaulted the fortresse 
of Groleta, and the other fortresse that Don lohn had raised 
neere unto Tunez : cmd in all these occasions I was present, 
tyed to the Oare, without any hope of liberty ; at leastwise 
by ransome, being resolved never to signifie by letter my 
misfortunes to my father. The Goleta was lost in fine, and 
also the Fortresse, before which two places lay in siege 
seventy five thousand Turkes, and more then foure hundred 
thousand Moores, and other Sarasins of all the other parts 
of Afirica, being furnished with such abundance of munition 
and warlike engines, and so many Pioners as were able 
to cover Goleta and the Fortresse, if every one did cast 
but his handfuU of earth upon them. Thus was Goleta, 
accounted untill then impregnable, first lost, the which 
did not happen through default of valour in the defendants, 
who in defence thereof did all they could, or ought to have 
done; but because experience shewed the facility where- 
withall trenches might be raised in that desart send ; for 
though water had beene found in it within two spannes 
depth, the Turkes could not finde it in the depth of two 
yeards ; and therefore filling many sacks full of sand, they 
raised their trenches so high, as they did surmount the 
walls of the sconce, and did so gall the defendants from 
them with their shot, as no one could stand to make any 
defence : it was a common report, that our men would not 
immure themselves within Goleta, but expect the enemy 
in the champaine, at their disembarquing : but those that 
gave this out, spake widely, as men very little acquainted 
with the like affaires : for if in Goleta and the Fortresse, 
there were scarce seven thousand Souldiers, how could so 
few a number, were they ever so resolute, make a sallie, and 

147 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["ft 

CHAFTER remaine in the Forb, against so great a number of enemies P 
^I or how is it poseible, that the forces which are not seconded 

Wlerein and supplied, should not be overcome, specially being be- 
***" '^t^' sieged by many, and obstinate enemies, and those in their 
jj^^ owne CountreyP But many others esteemed, and bo did 

and other I likewise among the rest, that almighty God did a par- 
■eddenta. ticular erace and &vour unto Spaine, in that manner permit- 
ting to ne destroied the stop and cloake of all wickeanesse; 
ana the sponge and Moath of innumerable summes of 
money spent tiiere unprofitably, without serving to any 
other end, then to preserve the memoir of being gayned 
by the Emperour Charles the &{t, aa if it had beene requisite 
for the keeping of it etemall (as it is, and shall bee ever) 
that those stones should sustaine it. The Fortresae was 
also wonne, but the Turkes were constrained to gmne it, 
span by spanne : for the Souldiers which defended it, 
fought so manfully and resolutely, as the number of the 
enemies slaine in two and twenty generall assaults which 
they gave unto it, did passe five and twenty thousand. 
Never a one was taken prisoaer, but three hundred, which 
survived their fellowes : a certayne and manifest token of 
their valour and strength, and how well they had defended 
themselves and kept their fortresses. 

A little Fort or turret that stood in the midst of the 
place, under the command of Don lohn Zanoguera, a Valen- 
tian Gentleman, and famous Souldier, was yeelded upon 
composition, and Don Pedro de Puertocarrero, Generall of 
Goleta, was taken prisoner, who omitted no diligence pos- 
sible to defend the place : but yet was so grieved to have 
lost it, as he dyed for very griefe on the way towards 
Constat! nople, whither they carried him Captive. The 
Generall likewise of the Fort, called Gabriel Cerbellon, being 
a Gentleman of Milan, and a great enginer, and most reso- 
lute Souldier, was taken : and there dyed in both the places 
many persons of worth, among which, Pagan de Oria was 
one, a Knight of the order of Sajnt lohn, of a most noble dis- 
position, as the exceeding liberalitie which he used towards 
his brother the famous lohn Andrea de Oria clearly demon- 
strates, and that which rendred his death more deplorable, was, 
148 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that he was slaine by certaine Sarracmes (which he trusted, CHAPTER 
perceiving how the Fort was lost) who had offered to convey ^^^ 

him thence in the habit of a Moore to Tabarca, which is a Wherein 
little haven or creeke possest by the Grenevoses, that fish ^^j^?Sj* 
for Corral in that coast. These Sarracens cut off his head, i^jg ^f^ 
and brought it to the Generall of the Turkish armie, who did and other 
accomplish in them the Spanish proverve ; * That although accidents. 
the treason pleaseth, yet is the Traitor hated ^ : and so it 
is reported, that he commanded those to bee handed that 
had brought him the present, because they had not brought 
it alive. 

Among the Christians that were lost in the Fort, there 
was one called Don Pedro de Aguilar, borne in Andulizia, in 
some Towne whose name I have forgotten, he had beene 
Auncient in the Fortresse,and was a Souldier of great account, 
and of a rare understanding, and specially had a particular 

grace in Foetrie : this I say, because his fortune brought 
im to be slave to my Fatron, even into the very same 
Galley cmd bench whereon I sate. This Gentleman made 
two Sonnets in forme of Epitaphs ; the one for the Goleta, 
the other for the Fort : and I will repeate them, because I 
remember them very well, and doe beleeve that they will be 
rather gratefuU, then any thing disgustfuU to the audients ; 
as soone as ever the Captive named Don Fedro de Aguilar, 
Don Fernando beheld his Camaradas, and they all three did 
smile : and when he beganne to talke of the Sonnets, one of 
them said, before you passe further, I beseech you good Sir 
let me intreat you to tell me, what became of that Don 
Pedro de Aguilar, whom you have named ? that which I 
know of that affaire, answered the Captive, is, that after he 
had beene two yeares in Constantinople, he fled away in the 
attire of an Armenian, with a Greeke spie, and I cannot tell 
whether he recovered his liberty, or no ; although I suppose 
he did : for within a yeare after I saw the Greeke in Constan- 
tinople, but I had not the oportunity to demaund of him, 
the successe of that voyage. He came then into Spaine, 
quoth the Gentleman : for that same Don Pedro is my 
brother, and dwels now at home in our owne Towne, very 
well, rich, marryed, cmd a Father of three Sonnes. Gt)d bee 

149 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER thanked, quoth the Captive, for the infinite favour he hath 

^I shewed unto him : for m mine opinion there is not on earth 

Wherein any contentment able to be compared to that of recovering 

*^® ^*P*JY® a mans lost liberty. I doe moreover, said the Gentleman, 

hU^Hfe etc. ^^^ the Sonnets which mv brother composed ; I pray you 

then, good Sir, quoth the Captive, repeate them : for 

perhaps you can say them better then I; ivith a 

very good will, answered the Gentleman ; and 

that of the Goleta is thus. 



CHAPTER XIII 

Wherein is prosecuted the Historie of the Captive. 

A Sotmtt, 

O BAFPT Boules, which from this mortall vaile 
Freed and exempted, through the good you wrought. 
Safe fr^m the harmes, that here did you aasaile ; 
Bv vour deserts, to hiest Heaven were brought. 

Wliich here inflam'd by wrath, and noble thought. 
Shewed how much your forces did availe : 
Wlien both your owne and forrain bloods you taught 
From sandie shoares, into the deeps to traile. 

Your lives before your valours end, deceased 

In your tyr'd armes ; which though they were a dying 
And vanquisht ; yet on victorie have ceazed. 
And this your life from servile thraldome flying : 
Ending, acquires, betweene the sword and wall. 
Heavens glorie there, fame here on earth, for alL 

I have it even in the very same manner, quoth the Captive : 
well then, said the Gentleman, that of the Fort is thus, if I 
doe not forget it : 

A Son/net. 

From midst the barren earth, here overthrowne. 
In these sad clods, which on the ground doe lie, 
Tliree thousand souldiers holy soules are flow'n. 
And to a happier mansion, gone on hie : 

150 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Here when they did in vaine the vigour trie CHAPTER 

Of their strong armes^ to coste of many a one^ XIII 

After the most through extreame toile did die : \in,AwA;n ;i. 

The cruell Sword a few did light upon : Zn^cnt^ 

And this same plot eternally hath beene, K ^ u;.^^-;^ 

With thousand dolefuU memories repleate, f the 

As well this age^ as in foregoing time. Cantive 

But from his cruell bosome Heav'n ne're yet ^ 
Receav'd sincerer soules^ then were the last^ 
Nor earth so valiant bodies^ aye possest. 

The Sonnets were not misliked : and the Captive was 
greatly recreated with the newes which he received of his 
companion, and prosecuting his Historic, he said : The 
Goleta, and the Fort being rendred, the Turkes gave order 
to dismantell Goleta, for the Fort was left in such sort, as 
there remained nothing up that might be overthrowen : and 
to do it with more brevity and lesse labour, they undermined 
it in three places, but that which seemed least strong, could 
not be blowen up by any of them, which was the old walles ; 
but all that which bad remained a foote of the new fortifica- 
tions and workes of Fratin, fell downe to the ground with 
great facility: and this being ended the Navie returned trium- 
phant and victorious to Constantinople : where within a few 
moneths afterward my Lord Uchali died, whom they called 
Uchali Fartax, which signifies in the Turkish language, the 
scald or scurfie renegate, for he was such ; and it is a cus- 
tome among the Turkes to give one another nicke names 
either of the defects, or perfections and vertues which they 
have, and the reason hereof is, that among them all they 
have but foure linages that have surnames, and these doe 
contend with that of Ottomanes, for Nobility of bloud : and 
all the rest, as I have said doe take denomination, sometime 
from the blemishes of the body, and sometime from the 
vertues of the minde : and this scurvie fellow did row foure 
teene yeares, being the great Turkes slave, and did renoimce 
his faith, bein^ foure and thirtie yeares old, for despight, and 
because he might be revenged on a Turke, that gave him a 
cuffe on the face as he rowed ; and his valour was so great, 
as without ascending by the dishonourable meanes and waies 
usually taken [by] the greatest minions about the great Turke, 

161 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

he came first to be King of Amers, and after to be General! 
of the Sea, which is the third most Noble charge and dig- 
nitie of all the Turkish Empire. He was borne in Calabria, 
and was a good morall man, and used with great humanity 
his Slaves, whereof hee had above three thousand, which were 
after his death devided, as he had left in his Testament, 
betweene the great Turke (who is ever an inheritour to 
every dead man, and hath a portion among the deceased 
his children) and his runnegates. I fell to the lot of a 
Venetian runnegate, who bein^ a shippe-boy in a certaine 
vessell, was taken by Uchali, vmo loved him so tenderly, as 
he was one of the dearest youthes he had, and he became 
after the most cruell runnegate that ever lived. He was 
called Azanaga, and came to be very rich, and King of 
Argiers : with him I came from Constantinople, somewhat 
contented in minde, because I should be nearer unto Spaine ; 
not for that I meaned to write unto any one of my unfor- 
tunate successe, but only to see whether fortime would 
prove more favourable to me in Algiers, then at Con- 
stantinople; where I had attempted a thousand waies to 
escape, but none of them sorted unto any good effect : and 
I thought to search out in Amers some other meanes to 
compasse that which I so greeculy desired ; for the hope of 
attaining liberty sometime had never abandoned me; and 
when in the contriving, I thought, or put my designes in 
practice, and that the successe did not answere mine expecta- 
tion, presently without forsaking me, it forged and sought 
out for another hope, that might sustaine me, although it 
were debile, fiuid weake. 

With this did I passe away my life, shut up in a prison 
or house, which the Turkes call Bathes, wherein they doe 
inclose the Captive Christians, as well those that belong to 
the king, as other particular mens, and those which they 
call of the Almazen, which is as much to say, as slaves of 
the Counsell, who are deputed to serve the Citie in the 
publike workes and other affiiires thereof, and these of all 
other Captives doe with most difiicultie attaine to liberty ; 
for by reason they belong to the commimalty, and have no 
particular master, there is none with whom a man may treate 

162 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

of their redemption, although they should have the price CHAPTER 
of their ransom. To these Bathes, as I have said, some ^^^ 
particular men carry their Captives to be kept, chiefly if Wherein is 
they be to be ransomed ; for there they have them at their ff^^^^J?^. 
ease and secure, untill they be redemea. The Kings Cap- ^^ ^^ 
tives of ransome also, doe not goe forth to labour with the Captive, 
other poore crew, if it be not when the paying of their 
ransom is deferred ; for then, to the end they may make 
them write for money more earnestly, they make them labour, 
and goe to fetch wood with the rest, which is no small 
toyle and trouble. I then was one of those of ransome ; 
for as soone as it was knowne how I was a Captaine, not- 
withstanding that I told them of my little possibilitie, and 
want of meanes, all could not prevaile to disswade them 
from consorting me with the multitude of Gentlemen, and 
those of ransome: they put on me then a chaine, rather 
to be a token that I was there for my ransome, then to 
keepe me the better with it, and so I passed away my time 
there with many other Grentlemen, and men of marke, held 
and kept in there for their ransome. And although both 
hunger and nakednesse did vexe us now and then, or rather 
evermore, yet nothing did afflict us so much, as to heare and 
see every moment the cruelties that my master used towardes 
Christians. Every day he hanged up one, he set this man 
on a stake, and would cut off tne others eares, and that, for 
so little occasion, or wholy without it, as the very Turks 
themselves perceived, that he did it not for any other cause, 
but because he had a will to doe it, and that it was his 
naturall inclination to be a homicide of all humane kind. 
Onely one Spanish soldier called such a one of Saavedra 
was in his good grace, who although hee did sundrie things 
that will remaine in the memorie of that Naltion for many 
yeares, and all to the end to get his liberty ; yet he never 
strucke him, nor commaunded him to be strucken, nor said 
as much as an evill word unto him : and vet we all feared 
that hee should be broached on a stake for the least of many 
things which he did, and himselfe did also dread it more 
then once ; and if it were not that time denieth me leasure 
to doe it, I would recount unto you things done by this 
2:U 163 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

souldier, which might both entertaine and astonish you much 
more then the relation of my life. 

There were over the square court of our prison certaine 
windowes that looked into it, and belonged to a certaine 
rich and principall Moore; the which windowes (as ordi- 
narily are all the Moores windowes) rather seemed to be 
holes then windowes : and even these were also veiy closely 
covered and shut fast with linnen coverings. It therefore 
befell that standing one day upon the battlements of our 
prison with other three companions, trying which of us 
could leape best in his shakles to passe away the time, and 
beinff alone (for all the other Christians were gone abroad 
to labour) I lifted up by chance mine eyes, and I saw thrust 
out at one of those so close-shut windowes a cane, and a 
linnen tied at the end thereof, and the Cane was moved 
and wagged up and downe, as if it had made signes, that 
we should come and take it : we looked upon it, and one of 
my companions went under the cane, to see whether they 
would let it fall, or what they would doe else ; but as soone 
as he approached it, the Cane was lifted up, and did stirre 
it to eytner side, as if they had said (with wagging of the 
head) no ; the Christian returned to us ; and the Cane being 
eftsoones let fall, and beginning to move as it had done 
before, an other of my fellowes went, and the same suc- 
ceeded unto him, that did to the first. Finally, the third 
approached it, with no better successe then the former two, 
which I perceiving, would not omit to trie my fortitude, 
and as soone as I came neere to stand under the Cane, it 
was let slip and fel within the Bathes just at my feete: I 
forthwith went to untie the linnen which was knotted, 
wherein I found tenne Zianiys, which are certaine peeces of 
base gold, used among the Moores, and worth each of them 
tenne rials of our money. I leave to your discretion to thinke 
if I was not glad of my bootie, certes my joy and admira- 
tion was much, to thinke whence that good might come 
unto us, but specially to my selfe, since the signes of refusall 
to let it fall to the other did confirme cleerly that the 
favour was only addrest to my selfe. I tooke my welcome 
money, broke the Cane, and returned to the battlements, 
154 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and viewed the window earnestly, and perceived a very CHAPTER 
beautiful! hand issue out thereat, which did open and shut ^^^ 
it againe very speedily. By which imagining and thinking Wherein is 
that some woman that dwelled in that house, had done us ^/^u-^J^. 
the charitie and benefit, in token of our thankful! minds, we q£\}^q "* 
made our courtesies after the Moorish fashion, by inclining Captive, 
of our heads, bending of the bodie, and pressing our hands 
to our breasts ; within a while after, there appeared out of 
the same window a little crosse made of Canes, which pre- 
sently was taken in againe : this signe did confirme us in 
the opinion, that there was some Christian woman captive 
in that place, and that it was shee which did to us the 
courtesie : but the whitenesse of her hand, and her rich 
bracelets destroyed this presumption : although we did not- 
withstanding conjecture that it was some renegate Chris- 
tian, whom their masters there do very ordinarily take 
to wives, yea and account verie good hap to light on one 
of them, for they are much more accounted of, then the 
women of the nation it selfe. 

Yet in all these discourses we strayed very farre from the 
truth of the accident ; and so from thence forward, all our 
passing of the time was imployed in beholding that window 
as our North, wherein had appeared the starre of the Cane : 
but fifteene daies past over, or we could descrie either it, or 
the hand again, or any other signe. And although in the 
meane time we endevoured all that we might to know who 
dwelled in that house, or whether there were any renegate 
Christian therein, yet never a one could tell us any other 
things but that it belonged to a very rich and noble Moore, 
called Aguimorato who had beene Constable of the Pata, [a] 
dignitie among them of very great qualitie. But when we 
thought least that it would raine any more Zianiys by that 
way we saw the Cane suddenly to appeare, and an other 
linnet) hanging on it, whose bulke wJ^ much greater : and 
this befell when the bath was freed of concourse, and void, 
as the other time before. We made the accustomed triall, 
every one approaching it before mee, but without effect, until! 
I came, for presently as I approached it, it was permitted to 
fall. I untied the knot ana found inwreathed in it fortie 

155 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

duckets of Spanish gold, with a letter written in the Arabian 
tongue, ana at the end thereof was drawne a very great 
crosse. I kissed the crosse, tooke up the money, and re- 
turned againe to the battlements, and we altogether made 
our receivers ; the hand also appeared, I made signes that 
I would reade the paper, and the window was shut inconti- 
nently. All of us were marvellously astonished, yet joyfull 
at that which had befalne us, and by reason that none of us 
understood the Arabian tongue, the desire that we had to 
understand the contents of uie letter was surpassing great, 
but greater the difficultie to finde out some trustie person 
that might reade it. In the end I resolved to trust m this 
afiaire a renegate of Murcia, who did professe himselfe to 
be my very great friend, and having by my UberaUty and 
other good tumes done secretly obliged him to be secret in 
the affaire wherein I would use him: for some renegates 
are accustomed, when they have an intention to tume into 
the Christian countries to bring with them the testimonies 
of the most principall captives, wherein they informe, and 
in the amplest manner they may, how the bearer is an 
honest man, and that he hath ever done many good tumes 
to the Christians, and that he hath himselfe a desire to 
escape by the first commoditie. Some renegates there are, 
which procure those testimonies sincerely, and with a good 
intention, others take the benefit of them, eyther by chance 
or industrie ; who intending to goe and rob into the countries 
of Christians, if by chance they be astray or taken, bring 
forth their testimonies and say, that by those papers may 
be collected the purpose wherewithall they came, that is, 
to remaine in Christian countries, and that therefore they 
came abroad a p3nrating with the other Turks: and by 
this meanes they escape that first brunt, and are reconciletl 
againe to the Church, without receiving any harme at all : 
and when they espie their time doe retume againe into 
Barbarie, to be sucn as they were before. Others there are, 
which procure those writings with a pure intention, and doe 
after stay in Christian countries. Well this my friend was 
a renegate of his last kinde: who had the testimonies of 
all mv companions, wherein we did commend him, as amply 
156 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

as we could devise : and certainly if the Moores bad found CHAPTER 
those papers about him, they would have burnt him for it. ^^^ 
I understand how he could speake the Arabian tongue Wherein ii 
very perfectly, and not onely that alone, but also write it ET^^SJ^^^. 
withall : yet before I would wholy breake my minde to him, of the**^* 
I requested him to read me that scroule, which I had found Captive. 
by chance in a hole of my cabin : he opened it, and stood 
a good while beholding and construing thereof, murmuring 
somewhat betweene his teeth. I demaunded therefore of him 
whether he understood itP and he answered that he did, 
very well : and that if I desired to have it translated ver- 
bahmy I should bring unto him Pen and Ink, to the end 
he might do it more completely : we presently gave unto 
him that which he asked, and he did translate it by little 
and little ; and having finisht it, he said ; all that is heere in 
Spanish, is punctually without omitting a letter, the con- 
tentes of the Moorish paper, and here you must note, that 
where it sayes Lela Marien, it meanes our Ladie the blessed 
Virgine Marie. We read the paper, whereof the contents 
were these which ensue : 

^ When I was a child, my father had a certaine Christian 
woman captive, that taught mee in mine owne tongue all 
the Christian Religion, and told mee many things of Lela 
Marien. The Christian died, and I know shee went not to 
the fire, but, to Ala, for shee appeared to mee twice after 
her death, and bade me goe to the Christian countrey, to 
see Lela Marien, who loved mee much : I know not how 
I may goe : I have seene many Christians through this 
Window, and none of them hath seemed to mee a Gentle- 
man but thy selfe : I am very beautifull and young, and I 
have a great deale of riches to carry away with me. See 
thou whether thou canst contrive the way how wee may 
depart, and thou shalt there be my husband, if thou 
pleasest ; and if thou wilt not, I doe not greatly care, for 
Lela Marien will provide mee of a husband. I wrote my 
selfe this billet, oe therefore wary, whom thou trustest 
to reade it : doe not trust any Moore, for they are all of 
them deceiptfuU traytours. It is this that grieves mee most 

157 



CHAPTER 

xin 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

of all, for I would not have thee, if it were possible, to dis- 
close the matter to any living bodie ; for if my father did 
know it, hee would throw mee downe into a well, and 
oppresse mee in it with stones. I will hang a threede to 
the end of the Cane, and therein thou mayest tie thine 
answere. And if thou canst not write the Arabian, tell 
mee thy minde by signes, for Lek Marien wiU make mee 
to imderstand it. Who with Ala preserve thee, and this 
Crosse which I doe many times kisse, for so the Captive 
commaunded me to doe.^ 

See, good Sir, if it was not great reason, that the reasons 
comprehended in this Letter should recreate and astonish 
us. And certainely the one and the other was so great, as 
the runnagate perceived well that the paper was not found 
by chance, but was really addressed unto some one of us : 
and therefore desired us earnestly, that if that were true 
which he suspected, that we would trust and tell it unto him, 
and he would adventure his life to procure our liberties: 
and saying this, he tooke out of his bosome a Crudfixe of 
mettle, and protested with very many teares by the Grod 
which that Imafie represented, in whom he, although a 
sinner and wicked man, did most firmely beleeve, that he 
would be most loyall and secret to us in all that which we 
would discover unto him ; for it seemed to him, and he 
almost divined, that both himselfe and we all should re- 
cover our liberties by her meanes that did write the Letter : 
and he should then also see himselfe in the state which he 
most desired, to wit, in the bosome of his mother the holy 
Catholicke Church ; from which, through his ignorance and 
sinne, he was departed and devided as an unprofitable and 
corrupt member. The Renegate said this with so many 
teares, and such evident tokens of repentance, as all of us 
consented to open our mindes imto nim, and declare the 
truth of the matter ; and so wee recounted unto him the 
whole discourse, without concealing any circumstance, and 
shewed unto him the window by which the Cane was wont 
to appeare, and he marked tne house from thence, and 
rested with special charge to informe himselfe well of those 

158 



^ 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that dwelled therein. We thought also that it was requisite CHAPTER 
to answere the Moorish Ladies Letter : and therefore havine ^I^^ 
him present, that could so well performe that taske, we caused Wherein is 
the renegate to draw out an answer presently as I did Prosecuted 
dilate it to him, which was punctually such as I will recount : ^jf ^^^ "^ 
for of all the most substantial points that befell mc in that Captive, 
affaire, no one is falne out of my memorie, nor shall ever as 
long as I have breath. In effect that which I answered to 
the Moore, was this : 

^ The true Ala preserve you deere Ladie, and that blessed 
Marian, who is the true mother of Grod, and is she that 
hath put in your minde the desire to goe into the Chris- 
tian Countries, because she doth love you wel : pray unto 
her that she will vouchsafe to instruct you, how you 
may bring the matter to passe, which she commaundeth 
you to doe : for she is so good, as she will easily con- 
descend to doe it. As for my part, I doe promise, as 
well for my selfe, as for these other Christians that are 
with me, to do for you all that we are able to doe untill 
death. Doe not omit to write unto me, and acquaint me 
with your purposes, and I will answer you every time : 
for great Al^ hath given us a captive Christian, that 
can write and rcade your language well, as you may 
perceive by this paper. So that you may securely, and 
without any dread, advise us of all that you shall thinkc 
good. And as concerning that which you say, that you 
will become my wife, after we arrive to the Christian 
countries, I doe promise you the same, as I am a good 
Christian: and you shall understand that the Christians 
do accomplish their words far better then do the 
Moores. Alk and Marien his Mother preserve you my 
deerest Ladie.' 

This Letter being written and inclosed, I expected two 
dayes, that the Bathes might be free of concourse, as.it was 
wont, which assoone as it befcl, I went up to my accustomed 
place of the battlements, to see whether the Cane appeared ; 
which was presently after thrust out at the window. And 

159 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

BOone as I perceived it, although I could not note who it 
was that set it, I shewed my paper, to give them warning to 
set on the threed : but it was already hanging thereon. To 
the which I tied the Letter, and within a while after beganne 
to appeare our Starre, with the white flagee of peace, and 
the knotted linnen ; which they let fall, and I tooke up, and 
I found tiierin in divers sorts of money and golde more then 
fiftie duckats, which redoubled our joyes more then fifty 
times, and confirmed the hope wee conceived of attayning 
libertie. The very same night our Renegate returned to 
us, and tolde, how he had learned that the verv same Moore 
which wee were informed of before called Aguimorata dwelt 
there, and was excessive rich, and had one only daughter, 
the heire of all his goods ; of whom the common opinion 
throughout the citie was, that she was the fairest woman of 
all Barbaric : and that many of the Viceroyes that came 
there, had demaunded her to wife, but she would never con- 
discend to any motion of manage : and that he likewise 
had understood that she had sometimes a Christian captive, 
which now was deceased : all which agreed with the contents 
of the Letter. We presently entred in counsell with the 
Renegate, about the meanes we were to use, to fetch away 
the Moore, and come all of us to Christian landes, and in the 
end we concluded to attend for that time, the second advice 
of Zoraida (for so was she then called, who now meanes to 
name her selfe Maria) for as much as we cleerely perceived 
that it was shee and none other that could minister to us 
the meanes to remove all these difficulties. After we had 
rested on this resolution, the Renesate bid us be of good 
courage, for he would ingage his hfe, or set us at liberty. 
Foure dayes after the Bathes were troubled with people : 
which was an occasion that the Cane appeared not all that 
while. But that impediment heins removed and the accus- 
tomed solitude returned, the Cane £d againe appeare with a 
linnen hanging thereat so grossely impregned, as it pro- 
mised to be delivered of a most happie burden. Both 
cane and Linnen bent themselves to me, and in them 
I found another paper and a hundred duckats in golde, 
besides other small money. The Renegate was present, 
160 



i 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and we gave him the Letter to reade, the effect whereof CHAPTER 
was this. XIII 

* I know not, good Sir, what order to give for our going Wherein is 
into Spainc, nor hath Lela Marien tolde me any thing con- E[^^*^^J^. 
ceming it, although I have demaundcd her counsaile. That of^the* "* 
which may be done is, that I will thorow this window give Captive, 
unto you great store of money, wherewith you may redeeme 
your selfe, and your friends : and let one of you goe into 
the Christians countrey, and buy a Barke, and after re- 
tume for his fellowes, and he shall finde me in my fathers 
garden, which is at the gate of Babazon, neere to the Sea 
coast, where I meane to stay all this Sommer, with my 
father and my servants : from whence you may take mee 
out boldly by night, and carry me to the Barke. And 
see well that thou wilt be my nusband ; for if thou wilt 
not, I will demaund of Marien to chastise thee : and if thou 
darest trust no body to goe for the vessell, redeeme thy 
selfe and goe, for I know thou wilt rather retume then 
another, seeing thou art a Grentleman and a Christian ; 
leame out the garden : and when I see thee walke there 
where thou now art, I will make account that the Bath is 
emptie, and will give thee great store of money. Al^ pre- 
serve thee, my deere friend.^ 

These were the contents of the second Letter, which being 
heard by us all, every one offered to bee himselfe the ran- 
somed person, and promised to goe cmd retume with all 
punctuality, and I also made a proffer of my selfe : to all 
which resolutions the Renegate opposed himselfe, saying 
that he would consent in no wise that any one of us should 
be freed, untill we were all together delivered : for experi- 
ence had taught him how evill ransomed men were wont to 
keepe those promises which they passed in the times of their 
thraldome : for many times certaine principall captives had 
made that kinde of triall, redeeming of some one or other 
that should goe to Valentia or Mallorca, with money to 
freight a Barke or Fr^at, and retume for him that had 
ransomed them, and did never retume again : for the re- 
covered liberty, and the feare of adventuring to lose it 

2 : X 161 



CHAPTER 
XIII 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the Historie 
of the 
Captive. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

againe, concurring, did blot out of their memory all the 
other obligations of the world. And to confirme the truth 
which he averred, he briefly recounted unto us an accident 
which befel much about the same time to certaine Christian 
Grentlemen, the strangest, as I suppose, that ever hapned 
in those quarters, wherein do succeede every other day events 
full of wonder and admiration, and therfore concluded, 
that what ought and might be done, was, that they should 
give unto him to buy a Barke, such money as they meant to 
imploy in the ransome of a captive, and he would buy it 
there in Argiers, under pretext of becomming a mercliant 
and sayler in Tetuan and that cost : and being once owner 
of a Barke, he would easily devise how to have them out 
of the Baths and imbarke them al : how much more, if 
the Moorish Ladie did, as she promised, give them money 
enough to ransom them all, was it a most easie thing they 
bemg free, to embark themselves at midday : but the 
greatest difficultie in this affaire was, that the Moores use 
not to permit any Renegate to buy any Barke or other 
small vessell, but onely great vessels of warre : for they sus- 
pect that he that buyes a Barke, especially if he be a Spaniard, 
does it for no other end but to runne away to Christian 
Countries. And yet hee knew how to facilitate that incon- 
venience, by inducing a Tangerine Moore to become his 
partner of the Barke, the gaines that should be gotten by 
the commodities thereof, and with this shaddow hee would 
become Lord of it himselfe, and therewithal! accounted the 
matter ended. And although that both my selfe and my 
Camaradas held it the better course to send unto Mallorca 
for one, as the Moorish Leuiy said, yet durst we not contra- 
dict him, fearefull that if we did not what he would have 
us to doe, he would discover us, and indanser our lives, if 
he did once detect Zoraidas practices, for the safeguard of 
whose life wee would all of us most willingly adventure our 
owne : and therfore we determmed to put our selves into 
Grods and the Renegates hands. And so we answered at 
the same instant to Zorayda, telling her that we would 
accomplish all that she haa admonished us, because she had 
advertised us as wel as if Lela Marien had told her what she 
162 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

should say, and that the dilating or shortning of the affaire CHAPTER 
did consist only in her selfe. I did offer my selfe anew ^^^ 
to become her husband: and with this the day ensuing, Wherein is 
wherein the Bath was also free, she sent me downe at divers I?^®?;^*^. 
times by the Cane two thousand Duckats, and a Letter, ^,f^g "® 
wherein she said that she would spe to her fathers garden Captive, 
the next lumia, that is, the Friday following, and that 
before she went away, she would give us more money. And 
that, if it were not enough we should advise her, and 
she would ffive unto us as much as we would demaund; 
for her father had so much treasure, as he would never 
perceive it, how much more seeing she had, and kept the 
Keyes of all. We gave five hundred crownes presently to 
the Renegate to buy a Barke, and with eight hundred I 
redeemed my selfe, giving the money to a Valentian Mer- 
chant, which was at Qiat season in Argiers, who did ransome 
me of the King, taking me forth on his word, which he 
passed to pay my ransome, at the arrivall of the first Ship 
that should come from Valentia. For if hee had delivered 
the money instantly, it would have given occasion to the 
King to suspect that my ransome was many dayes before in 
Argiers, and that the Merchant had kept it silently, to make 
his benefite thereof. Finally, my Master was so cavilous as 
I durst not in any wise pay him presently. 

The Thursday before the Friday of the beautifuU Zoraidas 
departure towards the garden, she gave unto us other two 
thousand duckats, and did likewise advise us of her going 
away, intreating me that as soone as I had ransomed my 
selfe, I should leame the way to the garden, and take occa- 
sion howsoever to goe to it, and see her. I answered her 
briefly, that I would doe so, and prayed her that she would 
carefully commend our proceedings to Lela Marien, with 
those prayers which the captive had taught her. This being 
done, order was also given for the ransoming of my three 
companions, to facilitate our issue out of the Bathes, and 
also that they seeing me free, and themselves undelivered, 
might not lie troubled or perswaded by the Divell, to 
doe any thing in prejudice of Zorayda. For although 
that they, being the men of that quality they were, might 

16S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER aasure me from this feare, I would not, for all that, ad- 
^U venture the matter, and therefore I caused them to be 
Wherein ia ransomed by the same meanes that I was redeemed iny 
Sh°mS "^^^' ^i^"? "^ *** °"'°^? *° **"* Merchant, that he 
of the "' might wim the more security passe his word for us ; to 
Ckptire. whom yet we never did discover our practise and 

secret, by reason of the eminent danger 
of the discovery thereof. 



CHAPTER XIIII 

Wherdn the captive prosecuteth the pleasant 
narration of his life. 




TITEENE dayes were not fully expired. 



when the Renegate had bou«it him a 
very good Barke, able to holde thirty 
persons or more ; and for the better 
colour and assurance of his husinesae, he 
made a voyage to a place called Sargel, 
which is thirty leagues distant from Ar- 
eiers towards the side of Oran, and is a 
mque for drie Figges. He made this voy- 
L the Tagarine, of whom 



great place of t 

age twice or thrice in company wiU ^ 

we made mention : and the name of Tagarino is in Barbary 
given to the Moors of Arragon, Granada, and Mudejares. 
And in the Kingdomc of Fez those Mudejares are called 
Elches, and are the Nation which that ^ng doth most 
imploy in warlike aSaires. You shall therefore understand, 
that every time he passed by with his Barke, he did cast 
Ancre in a little cncke, twise the shot of a Croshow from 
the Garden wherein Zorayda attended ; and there the Rene- 
gate would in very good earnest exercise himselfe with 
Uie Moores that rowed, eyther to flie or else to assault one 
another in jest, as he meant to doe after in good earnest : 
and would now and then eoe to Zoraydas Garden, and 
164 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

demaund fruits, which her father would bestow upon him, CHAPTER 
without knowing what hec was: and although hee desired XIIII 
to have spoken with Zorayda, as hee told mee afterward Wherein 
himselfe, and have informed her, how it was hee that was *^® *^^^5i 
to carry her away by my direction into the land of Chris- ^^^^^gant 
ti€uis, and that shee should therefore live chearfuU and narration of 
secure, yet was it never possible, forasmuch as the women his life. 
of that nation do not suffer themselves to be viewed by 
any Moore or Turkc if he be not their husband, or that 
their parents command them, yet do they haunt and com- 
municate themselves to Christian captives freely, and that 
sometimes more then is convenient, and truly, it would 
have grieved me, that he should have spoken unto her, for 
perhaps it would have peiplexed her extraordinarily, to sec 
her anaire committed to the trust of a runnegate : out God 
who did otherwise dispose it, did not concurre with this 
good desire of our renegate: who seeing how safely he 
went and returned from Sargel, and that he sounded when 
and where he pleased ; and tnat the Tagarino his partner, 
did only what he liked, and that I was ransomed, and 
nothing else wanting, but to finde out some Christians that 
would row, hee bad mee bethinke my selfe, what men I 
would bring away with mee besides those that I had ran- 
somed, and that I should wame them to be ready a^nst 
the next Friday, wherein hee was resolved that wee snould 
depart. 

Seeing this, I spake to twelve Spaniards very lusty rowers, 
and those that could with most liberty get out of the Citty : 
and it was not a little matter to finde so many there at 
that time, for there were twenty gallies abroade a robbing, 
which had carried all the other rowers with them, and 
these were left behinde, because their Master did keepe 
at home that Summer to finish a Gralley that was on tne 
Stockes a making. To these I said nothing else, but only 
warned them that the Friday ensuing in the evening, they 
should closely steale out by one and one, and goe towards 
Aguimorates Garden, and there expect me untill I came 
unto them. I gave this advice to every one of them a 
part, with order also, that although they saw any other 

165 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

Christians there, they should tell them nothing else, but 
that I had commaimded them to expect me in that place. 
This diligence being used, yet wanted there another, 
which was the most expedient of all, to wit, to advise 
Zoraida of the termes wherein oiur affaires did stand, to 
the end shee might be likewise ready and prepared, and not 
affrighted, though wee did assault her before the time that 
shee could imagine the barke of the Christians to be come 
to fetch her away ; and therefore I resolved to goe my selfe 
unto the Garden and see whether I might speake with her : 
and taking the occasion to goe and gather some hearbs, I 
went unto it the day before our departure, and the first 
person with whom I encountred, was her fether, who de- 
manded of me m a language, which in all Barbarie and 
Constantinople is usually spoken by the Moores to their 
captives, ana is neither Arabicm, Spanish, nor of any other 
nation, but rather a mixture of all languages, wherewith 
all of us understand one another : he, I say, in that kinde 
of speech demanded of me, what I sought for in that his 
garaen, and to whom I did belong P I answered, that I was 
one Amaute Mami his slave (and this, because I was very 
certainly informed that he was his intire friend) and that I 
came thither to gather of all sorts of hearbs to make a 
sallade : he consequently asked of me whether I was a man of 
ransome or no, and how much my Master demaunded for me P 
and bein^ in those questions and demaunds, the beautifull 
Zoraida descended from the house into the garden, who had 
espyed me a good while before: and as the Moorish women doe 
not greatly estrange themselves from the sight of Christians, 
nor are in their behaviour or conversation with them any 
thing squeamish, as we have said already, shee did not greatly 
feare to approch the place where her father talked with mee : 
but rather, her father perceiving that shee came on somewhat 
slowly, did call, and commanded her to draw neare. 

It were a thing impossible for mee to recount the great 
beauty and gallant disposition, or the bravery and nches 
of att)rre, wherein my beloved Zoraida then shewed her 
selfe to mine eyes. I will only say this, that there hanged 
more Pearles at her eares, superlative faire necke, and 

166 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

haire, then shee hath haires on her head, about the wrests CHAPTER 

of her legges, which were naked after the manner of her XIIII 

Countrey, shee wore two Carcaxes (for so the maniclcs or Wherein 

bracelets of the feete are called in the Morisco tongue) of **® captive 

the finest gold, wherein were inchaced so many Diamonds, the^pS^^t 

that as shee told me after, her father valued them at twenty narration of 

thousand crowns ; and those about the wrests of her hands, his life. 

were of cquall esteeme. Her pearles were many, and those 

most Orient ; for all the chiefe bravery and ornament of the 

Moorish Ladies consists in the adommg of themselves with 

Pearles and Pearle seede ; by reason whereof there is more 

Pearles and Pearle seede to be found among the Moores, 

then among all the other nations of the world : and Zoraidas 

father had the fame to have many, and those the very best 

that were in Argiers ; and also above two hundred thousand 

Duckats of Spanish gold : of all which was shee the Lady, 

who now is mine. And if with all this ornament shee could 

then seeme faire, by the relikes that have remained unto her 

among so many labors, may be easily ghessed, what shee 

would have beene in the time of prosperity; for all of 

us doe know, that the beauty of some women hath limited 

dayes and seasons, and requireth.certayne accidents either 

to diminish or increase it, and it is a thing naturall to the 

passions of the minde, either to raise, or abase it, but most 

commonly they wholly destroy it. To be briefe, I say, that 

shee arrived to the place where we discoursed at that time 

most richly attyred, and beautifuU beyond measure, or I at 

last deemed her the fairest that I had ever beheld untill then: 

and herewithall remembring the obligation wherein shee had 

tyed mee, thought that some Deitie had presented it selfe 

to my view, being come from heaven to the earth, for my 

recreation and reliefs. 

As soone as shee was arrived her father told her in her 
owne language, how I was his friend Amaute Mami his 
captive, and that I came there to gather a sallade : then 
shee taking the speech, demaunded in that medly of tongues 
of which I have spoken, whether I was a Grentleman, and 
what the reason was why I redeemed not my selfe ? I made 
answere, that I was already ransomed, and by the ransome 

167 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

might be conjectured, in how much my Master valued me, 
seeing hee had for my liberty a thousand and five hundred 
Coltamis ; to this shee answered ; In good sooth, if thou 
werst my fathers, I would cause him not to give thee for 
twice as much more : for you Christians are great lyars, and 
doe make eve^ one of your selves poore men, to defraude 
the Moores of their due ransome. It may well bee so, 
Madame, quoth I : but I have for my part used all truth 
in this afikire with my Master, and doe, and will use truth 
with as many persons as I shall ever have occasion to treate 
with in this world ; and when dost thou goe away P quoth 
Zoraida: to morrow, as I beleeve, quoth I. For there 
is a French vessell here, which sets forth to morrow, and 
I meane to depart in her: were it not better, replyed 
Zoraida, to expect untill vessels come out of Spaine, and 
goe away with them, then with those of France, which are 
not your friends ? no, quoth I, although if it were true as 
the newes runne, that tnere comes a vessell from Spaine, I 
would attend it; but yet it is more certaine that I shall 
depart to morrow : for the desire I have to see my selfe at 
home in my Countrey, and with those persons whom I love, 
is so great, as it will not pennit me to expect any other 
commodity, that foreslowes it selfe, bee it never so good. 
Thou art doubtlesly marryed in thy Countrey, said Zoraida, 
and therefore desirest to goe see thy wife P I am not mar- 
ried, quoth I, but I have passed my word to marry, as soone 
as I am there safely arrived. And is shee beautiful to whome 
thou hast past it P quoth Zoraida. So beautifull, said I, as 
to indeere it and tell you the truth, shee is very like unto 
your selfe. Hereat her father laughed very hartily, and 
said. In good earnest Christian, shee must be very fair that 
may compare with my daughter, who is the most beautifull 
of all this Eingdome : and if thou wilt not beleeve me, 
looke on her well, and thou shalt see that I tell thee but 
the truth. He himselfe, as most perfect in the tongue, did 
serve for the interpreter of most of our speeches ; for al- 
though shee could speake that illegitimate language which 
is there in use, yet did shee manifest her mind more by signes 
then by wordes. 
168 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Whilst thus wee reasoned of many matters, there came CHAPTER 
running towards us a certaine Moore, and told his Master XIIII 
how foure Turkes had leaped over the Garden walles, and Wherein 
were gathering the fruits, although they were not yet ripe. ^J^^^^ 
The old man and his daughter Zoraida started hereat ; for {^^ pleasant 
it is an universall and naturall defect in the MoOres to feare narration of 
the Turkes, but specially the Souldiers of that nation, who his life, 
arc commonly so insolent, and have such command over the 
Moores that are their subjects, as they doe use them worse 
then if they were their slaves. Therefore Zoraidas father 
said unto her ; daughter, retire thy selfe into the house, and 
keepe thy selfe in wnilest I goe speake to those dogges ; and 
thou. Christian, goe and seeke out thine hearbs, and depart 
in good houre, and I pray Alk to conduct thee safely to thy 
Country. I inclined my selfe to him, and he departed to 
search out the Turkes, leaving me alone with Zoraida, who 
began to make cuioe as if she went whither her father had 
commanded her; but scarce was hee covei'ed among the 
trees of the Garden, when she returned to mee, with her 
eyes full of teares, said, Amexi ChristianOy AmeaA^ that is, 
goest thou away. Christian, goest thou away ? I answered, 
yes Ladie, that I doe, but I will never depart away without 
thee : expect mee the next Friday, and be not affiighted 
when thou shalt see us, for we will goe to the Christian 
Country then, without all doubt. This I said to her in 
such sort as she understood all my words very well, and 
casting her arme over my neck, shee began to travell with 
languishing steps towaras the house, and fortune would 
(which mi^t have beene very ill, if heaven heA not rectified 
it) that as we walked together in that manner and forme, 
her father, who did by this retume after hee YieA caused the 
Turkes to depart, espyed us, and we saw also very well 
how he had perceivea us : wherefore Zoraida, who is very 
descreet, would not take away her arme from my necke, but 
rather drew nearer unto me, and laid her head on my brest, 
and bowed her knees a little, with evident token tnat she 
swouned, and I likewise mcuie as though I did sustaine her 
up by force. Her father came nmning over towards us, 
and seeing his daughter in that state, demanded the cause 

S: Y 169 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

of her : but seeing shee made no answere, hee himselfe said, 
she doubtlesly is dismaide by the suddaine affright she 
tooke at the entrance of those Dogges : and taking her away 
from me, he bowed her to his owne brest : and shee breath- 
ing out a sigh, with her eyes yet full of teares, said againe, 
Amexi Christiano^ Amexiy goe away, Christian, goe away : 
to which her Father replyed, there is no cause daughter 
why the Christian should goe away, for he hath done thee 
no harme, and the Turkes are abeady departed. Sir they 
have afirighted her (auoth I) as you have said, but yet 
since she hath commanded mee to goe away, I will not offend 
her ; therefore rest in peace, for I will retume, if it please 
you to give mee leave, for hearbs to this garden, when it is 
needfull ; for my Master saies there are none better to be 
found for sallads in any other garden, then you have here 
in this : come as oft as thou wilt, said Aguimorato, for my 
daughter saies not this, in respect that thou or any other 
Chnstian hath offended her, but that, meaning to say, that 
the Turkes should goe away, she bad thee to depart, or 
else shee spake it, because it is time for thee to gather thine 
hearbs. 

With this I tooke leave of both : and she seemed at the 
instant of my departure to have had her heart tome away 
from her, as she departed with her father; and I under 
colour of seeking herbs, went about all the garden at my 
le£Lsure, and viewed all the sallies, and the entrances thereof, 
the strength of the house, and the commodities that might 
bee offered to facilitate our enterprise. This being done, I 
came home and made a relation to the renegate, and my 
other fellowes, of all that heA passed : and did long infinitely 
to see the hower wherein I might, without any affright or 
danger, possesse that happinesse which fortune in the faire 
and lovely Zoraida, offered unto mee. In fine, the time passed 
over, and the so much desired day and terme arrived : and 
every one of us following the order, which with mature con- 
sideration and long discourse we had agreed on, we found 
the good successe we desired. For the very Friday fol- 
lowing the day wherein I had spoken with Zoraida m the 
Grarden, Morrenago (for so was the renegate called) neere 

170 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

night cast anchor almost right before the place wherein the CHAPTER 
beautiful! Zoraida remaynea. The Christians also that were XIIII 
to row, were readie, and nidden in sundry places there abouts. Wherein 
All were suspended, and resolutely expected my comming, ^® ^^^^ 
desirous to set upon the Barke that was before their face : ^elpleasant 
for they knew not of the agreement that was betweene mec narration of 
and the renegate ; but rather made full account that they his life, 
were to gaine their liberty by force of armes, and killing the 
Moores that came in that vessell. 

It therefore befell, that as soone as I and my fellowes 
appeared, all the rest that were hidden, and espied us, made 
forthwith over towards us. This was at an hower when the 
Citie gates were shut, and never a bodie abroad among all 
those fields : and when wee were all together, wee were in 
doubt whether it would be best, first to goe and fetch 
Zoraida, or to imprison and stone the Tagarine Moores, 
that rowed in the frigat. And being in this doubt, the 
renegate came to us, asking upon what we stayed, for it 
was now high time to bee going away, and all his Moores 
were wretchlesse, and the greater number of them a sleepe : 
We told him then the cause of our stay, and he answered 
that it was of most importance, first to subject the vessell 
which might be done with very great facilitie, and without 
any perill, and that we might goe after for Zoraida. His 
opinion liked us all verie well, and therefore without lingring 
any longer, he lecuiing the way, we came to the vessell, and 
he himselfe leaping in first of all, set hand to his faulchion 
and said in Morisco, let none of you that is heere stirre 
himselfe, if he love his life. Ana saying so all the rest 
of the Christians entred : the Moores which were of little 
spirit, hearing their master say so, were marvellously amazed, 
and without daring, any one of them to set hand to their 
armes, which were but a few at all, they suffered themselves 
very quietly to be taken and bound by the Christians, 
which did it very dexteriously, threatning them, that if 
they did let slip the least outcry, they should presently be 
all put to the sword : this bemg finished, and the halfe 
of our people remaining in their guard, wee that were 
left, conducted also by the renegate, went towards Agui- 

171 



CHAPTER 

xim 

Wherein 
the captive 
proeecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

moratos Garden : the doore thereof did, by very good hap, 
open with as little noyse, as if it had had no lock at all : 
whereupon we went with great quietnesse and silence towards 
the house unseene or espied of any. 

The beautifull Zoraida was the while expecting us at a 
window, and as soone as she felt people approach, de- 
manded with a low voice whether wee were Nizarans, as 
if she would say or aske, whether we were Christians ? I 
answered that we were, and willed her to come downe. As 
soone as shee knew mee, she stayed not a minute, but 
without answering any word, came downe in an instant; 
and opening the doore, shewed her selfe to us all, more 
beautifull, and richly attired, then I am able in any sort to 
expresse. As soone as I saw her, I tooke her by uie hand, 
and kissed it, the same did the renegate, and my two 
Camaradas ; and all the rest which knew not the matter, did 
as they had scene us doe before them ; for it seemed that 
wee did no more but give her thank es, and acknowledge her 
the auctresse of all our liberties. The Renegat demaunded 
of her in her owne hmguage, whether her father were in 
the Garden or no ? she answered that he was, and that 
he slept; Then wil it be requisite quoth the renegat, to 
rouse nim, and beare him, and al the other things of worth 
in this garden away with us : that shall not be so, (quoth 
she) for I wil have no man to touch my father, and in this 
house there is nothing of value, but that which I meane to 
carry away with my selfe, which is so much as will be suffi- 
cient to cheere and inrich you all : as if you will stay but a 
while, you shall perceive. And saying so, she entredfagaine 
into the house, promising to retume to us speedily, and 
bade us stand still, without making any noise. I demanded 
of the renemte what speech had passed betweene them, 
and he told me all she had said, and I answered him 
againe, that I would not have Zoraidas will transgrest in 
any sort: by this time she returned loden with a little 
Casket full of gold, so that she was scarce able to beare it. 
And her father in the meane season, by bad fortune awaked, 
and heard the noise that was beneath in his garden, and 
looking out at a window, he perceived that they were all 

172 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Christians that were in it, and therefore cried out in a loud CHAPTER 
and unmeasurable maner in the Arabian tongue, Chris- XIIII 
tians, Christians, Theeves, Theeves ; by which cries we were Wherein 
all of us strucken into very great feare and confusion : but ^® captive 
the renegate seeing the perill wherein we were, and how ^^p[^^n^ 
ncerely it concerned him to come off from that enterprize, narration of 
before he were discovered, ranne up very speedily to the his life, 
place where Aguimorato stood, ana some of our fellowes 
accompanied him (for I durst not abandon Zoraida, who 
had falne betweene mine armes all amazed) and in con- 
clusion, those which had mounted behaved themselves so 
well, as they brought Aguimorato downe in a trice, having 
tied his hand, and set a gagge in his mouth, which hindred 
his speech, threatning him that if hee did speake but a word, 
it should cost him his life. 

When his daughter saw him, she covered her eyes, be- 
cause she would not behold him, and he marvelled, wholy 
ignoring with how good a will she came away with us : 
but then considering that nothing was so requisite as our 
leggcs, we did with al velocity and diligence get into the 
frigat, for our companions did perplexedly expect our re- 
tume, halfe afraid that some disgrace hcui bfefalne us. Scarse 
were two houres of the night overrunne, when we were all 
imbarked : and then we unmanacled Zoraidas fathers hands, 
and tooke the cloath out of his mouth. But the renegate 
did againe admonish him, that as he tendred his life he 
should not speake one word; he beholding his daughter 
likewise there, began to sigh very feelingly, but chiefly per- 
ceiving me to hold her so straightly embraced, and that she 
made no resistance, nor did complaine or seeme coy, but 
stood quiet. But yet for all that he kept silence, fearing 
lest they should put the renegates menaces in execution. 
Zoraida seeing her selfe now saie within the Barkc, and that 
we were readie to row away, looking on her father, and the 
other Moores that were tied therein, she intreated the 
renegate to tell me how she desired me to doe her the 
favour to set those Moores and her father at libertie : for 
she would rather cast her selfe into the Sea, then see a 
father, who had loved her so dearely, carried away captive 

178 



CHAPTER 
XUII 

Wherein 
the captiye 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

before her eyes, and that also by her occasion. The rene- 
gate told me her minde, and I answered how I was very well 
pleased it should be so : but he replied, that it was in no 
sort expedient, by reason that if they were landed there, 
they would presently raise the countrey, and put the whole 
CiUe in a tumult, and cause certaine light Frigats to bee 
manned, and sent out in our pursuite; and lay both Sea 
and land for us in such sort, as it would be impossible for 
us to escape : but that as might bee done was to give them 
liberty at the first Christian countrey whereat wee arrived : 
All of us agreed to this opinion, and Zoraida also (to 
whom reason was given of the motives we had not to free 
them forthwith and accomplish her will therein) remained 
satisfied: and therefore presently with joyfull silence, and 
cheerefuU diligence every one of our lustie rowers, ceasing 
upon his oare, we beganne after we had commended our 
selves unto Almighty God, to lanch forth, and addresse 
our course towards the lies of Mallorca, which is the neerest 
Christian country: but by reason tiiat the wind blew 
somewhat from the mountaines, and that the Sea began 
to be rough, it was not possible to continue that course ; 
and so wee were forced to approach the shore, and go by 
little and little towards Oran, not without great griefe and 
anguish, for feare to be espied by the towne of Sargell, 
which is on that cost, and talis some seventie leagues be- 
yond Argiers: and we did likewise feare to meete in that 
passage some galleat of those which come ordinarily with 
merchandize from Tetuan, although everie one of us for 
himselfe, and for all together, did presume, that if we 
encountred a galliot of merchandize, so it were not a 
Pirate, that not only we wold not be lost, but rather 
would take the vessell that therein we might with more 
security finish our voyage. Zoraida whilst thus we sailed, 
went with her head between my hands, because she would 
not looke on her father, and I felt her, how she was still 
invoking of Lela Marien to assist us, and having sailed 
about some thirty leagues, the morning overtooke us about 
some three Musket shot from land, in a place that seemed 
to be desart, and free from all accesse of those that might 
174 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

discover us; and yet for all that, we got by might and CHAPTER 
mayne, somewhat further into the Seas, that now were XIIII 
become a little calmer, and having entred some two leagues Wherein 
into the maine, order was given, that they should row by *^® captive 
tumes, whilst they did refresh themselves and take a little the^f^mt 
sustenance, for the Barke was very well furnished with narration of 
victuals, although those which did row, refused the oiFer, his life, 
sayinff, that then it was no time to repose, and that they 
should set those that did not row, to dinner, for they would 
not yet in any sort let go their Oares. It being done as 
they had said, the winde did rise so much, as it made us 
abandoning our Oares, to set saile and direct our Boat 
towards Oran, being unable to take any other course: all 
was done with very great speed, and so we mcuie by the 
saile more then eight miles an bower, free from all other 
feare, then that of encountring some vessell of warre. We 
gave the Moores our prisoners their dinner, and the rene- 
gate comforted them, saying, that they went not as prisoners, 
for they should receive their liberty, upon the first com- 
modity that were proferd. The same was likewise said to 
Zoraidas father, who returned them this answere. I would 
easily expect and beleeve any other thing O Christians of 
your liberality and honorable manner of proceeding, but 
doe not thinke that I am so simple as once to imagine that 
you will give me my liberty, for you did never expose your 
selfe to the danger of dispoiling me thereof, with intention 
to retume it me so prodigally againe, especially knowing as 
you doe, who I am, and the profit which you may reape by 
giving me it againe, to which profit if you wil put a name, 
and tel me how much would you demand, I doe even from 
hence oiFcr unto you all that which you will seeke for me, 
and for that unK)rtunate daughter of mine, or if you wil 
not deliver me, I will give you it for her alone, who is the 
greatest, and the best part of my soule. And saying so, he 
Degan to weepe so bitterly, as he moved us ail to com- 
passion, and forced Zoraida to looke upon him ; who seeing 
him weepe, was so strangely moved, as arising from my 
feet, she went and embraced her father, and laying her face 
upon his, they began together so tender a lamentation, as 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["bl 

CHAPTER many of us that were in the Barke, were forced to keep 

Xllll them company : but when her father noted her to be so 

Wherein richly adorned, and with bo many Icwels on, he asked her in 

the captive ^^\g ©wne language; how haps this daughter that yester- 

^r^Msant "ig**t late before this terrible disaster befel us, wherin we 

narration of c^re plunged, I saw thee attired in thine ordinary houshold 

hi* life. array, and that now, without having had any leasure to 

apparrel thy selfe, or having given tiiee any glad tidings, 

for whose solemnizing, thou oughtest to adorne and publish 

thy selfe, I do view thee thus clad in the richest attire 

which I could bestow upon thee, when our fortune was most 

favorable. Answer me to this, for thou hast suspended and 

astonished mee more then the very disgrace it selfe wherein 

lam. 

Alt that the Moore said to his daughter the Renegate 
declared unto us and she did not answere a word to him : 
but when he saw the little coffers lie at one side of the 
Barke, wherein she was wont to keepe her lewels, and that 
bee knew very well she had left at Argiers, and not brought 
to the garden, he was much more amazed, and demaunded of 
her, how that coffer was come into our possession, and what 
things she had therewith in it ? to which the renegate, 
without attending that Zoraida should answere him, said. 
Sir, doe not trouble your selfe by demaunding so many things 
of your daughter Zoraida, for with one that I will aay, I 
shal satisfie them all : and therefore you shall understand 
that shee is a Christian, and hath beene the file that cut ofiF 
our chainea, and is the libertie it selfe of our captivitie; 
and she goeth along with us of her owne free will, as con- 
tent (if mine imagination doth not wrong me) to see her 
selfe in this ntate, as he is that commeth out of darkenesse to 
the light, from death unto life, and out of paine into glory. 
Is it true daughter, which this man sayes ? quoth the Moore. 
It is, answered Zorayda : that thou in effect art a Christian, 
replyed the old man, and she that hath put her father into 
his enemies hands? To which Zorayda answered, I am she 
that is a Christian, but not she that hath brought thee to 
this passe : for my desire did never so estrange it selfe from 
thee, as to abandon or harme thee, but only endevoured to 
176 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

doe my selfe good. And what good hast thou done thy CHAPTER 
self daughter? Demand that, said she, of Lela Marien, XIIII 
for she can therin informe thee better then I can. \Vlierein 

Scarce had the Moore heard her say so, when with in- ^® captive 
credible haste he threw himselfe headlong into the Sea, th^i^,^^^ 
wherein hee had beene questionlesly drowned, if the long narration of 
apparell he wore on, had not kept him up a while above his life, 
the water. Zoraida cried out to us to save him : and so we 
all presently ranne, and laying hold on a part of his Turkish 
robe, drew him up halfe drowned, and wholly devoyde of 
feeling. Whereat Zorayda was so grieved, that she lamented 
him as dolefully as if he had beene dead. There we laid him 
with his mouth downward, and he avoyded a great quantity 
of water, and after the space of two houres returned to 
himselfe againe : and in the meane time the winde also turn- 
ing, it did drive us towards the coast; so that we were 
constrayned to keepe our selves by very force of armes from 
striking upon it, and our good fortune directing us, we 
arrivea to a little Creeke at the side of a certaine Cape or 
Promontory, called by the Moores, the Cape of the Cava 
llumia, which in our Language signifies, ^ the ill Christian 
woman "*: and the Moores hold it for a tradition, that in 
the very same place was the Cava buried, for whom Spaine 
was lost, and conquered by the Moores : for Cava in their 
language signifies ^ an ill woman,^ and Rumia a ^ Christian "* : 
yea, and they holde it for a signe of misfortune, to arrive or 
cast Ancre there, when meere necessity drives them thither : 
without which they never approach it, yet did it not prove 
to us the shelter of an ill woman, but the secure haven of 
our safety. We sent our Centinels a shore, and never let 
the Oares slip out of our hands : We did likewise eate of 
the Renegat^ provision, and heartily besought Almightie 
Grod and our Ladie to assist and favour us with a happy 
end, to so luckie a beginning. And we agreed upon Zoray- 
das intreatie, to set her father and the other Moores that 
we heA tyed, a land in that place : for she was of so tender 
and compassionate a minde, as she could in no wise brooke 
to see her father tied in her presence, or her countreymen 
borne away captives : wherfore we made her a promise, 

2:Z 1T7 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER that we wold at our departure let them go &1 away, semig 
Xllll we incurd no danger by leaving them in that inhabitable 
MHiereiii desart : our prayers were not so vaiu, but that they found 
the captive gentle acceptance in heaven, which presently changed the 
tbe^aunnt Winde, and appeased the Smi, inviting us cheerefuily to re- 
nftTTstion of turne to it againe, and prosecute our commenced voyage, 
his life. Seeing that the weather was favourable, we loosed the 

Moors, and set them al a land one by one ; and comming 
to disembark Zoraydas Father, who was by that time 
wholly come to himselfe, he said, For what doe you con- 
jecture, Christians, that this bad woman is glad that you 
give me libertie P Do you thinke that she doth it for pitie 
that she takes of me P No truely, but she doth it only to 
remove the hinderance my presence gave her when she 
would execute her unlawful desires. Nor ought you to 
beleeve that shee is mooved to change religion, by reason 
that she understands yours to he better then her owne, 
but onely because she knowes licentiousnesse to be more 
publickely and freely practised in your coimtrey then among 
us: and then turning to Zorayda, whom I and another 
Christian held fast by both the armes lest she should do 
some desperate act, ne said, in&mous girle, and il- 
advised mayden, where dost thou runne thus blinded and dis- 
tracted, in the power of those dogges our naturall enemies ? 
Cursed be the houre wherein I engendred thee, and cursed 
the delights and pleasures wherin thou wast nousled. I 
perceiving that he was not like to make an end of his exe- 
crations so soone as I could wish, had him set on shore, and 
thence he prosecuted his maledictions and plaints, praying 
unto Mahomet that he would intercede with Ali, that we 
might be all destroyed, confounded, and cast away. And 
when we could heare his words no longer, by reason that 
we set sailc, we perceived his workes, that were, to pluckc 
his beard, tearc his haire, and cast himselfe on the ground : 
but once he did lift up his voyce so high, as that we heard 
him say, return, beloved daughter, retume to the land, 
for I doe pardon thee all that thou hast done, and deliver 
that money to those men, for it is now their owne, and 
retume thou to comfort thy sadde and desolate father, who 
178 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

will forsake his life on these desolate sands, if thou dost CHAPTER 
abandon him. XIIII 

Zorayda heard him say all this, and lamented thereat, but Wherein 
knew not how to speake, or answere him any other thing *^® *^^V^i, 
but this. Father mine, I pray Al^, that Lela Marien, who ^e^easant 
hath beene the cause of my becomming a Christian, may narration of 
likewise comfort thee in thy sorrow. Ali knowes well that his life. 
I could do none other then I did, and that these Christians 
do owe me nothing for my good wil, seeing that though I 
hcui not come away with them, but remained at my house, 
yet hcui it beene impossible (such was the hast wherewithal) 
my soule pressed me) not to have executed this my purpose ; 
which seemes to me to be as good, as thou O beloved 
father, dost account it wicked. She said this in a time 
that neither her father could heare her, nor we beholde 
him : and therefore, after I hcui comforted Zorayda, we did 
thenceforth onely attend our voyage, which was so much 
holpen by the favorable winde, as we made full account to 
bee the next day on the cost of Spaine : but, as good very 
seldome or rather never, betides a man thoroughly and 
wholly, without being accompanied or followed by some evill 
which troubles and assaults it, our fortune would, or rather 
the maledictions of the Moore, powred on his Daughter : (for 
the curses of any father whatsoever are to bee feared) that 
being ingulfed three houres within night, and going before 
the winde with a full sayle, and our Oares set up, oecause 
the prosperous winde had rid us of the labour of rowing: 
we saw neere unto us, by the light of the M oone that shined 
very cleerely, a round vessell which with all her sailes spread, 
did crosse before us in the Sea, and that so neerely as 
wee were faine to strike downe her Saile, that we might 
avoid the shog she was like to give us; and those that were 
in her had on the other side laboured also what they might, 
to tume her out of our way, standing all of them on the 
hatches to demaund of us what we were, from whence we 
came, and whither we did saile ? But by reason that they 
spake French, the Renegate bade us not to speake a word, 
saying. Let none answer, for these are French Pirates which 
make their bootie of everv body. For this cause none of 

"^ 179 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
proBecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
hia life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

lu answered : and being passed a litle forward, and that 
the Ship remained in the Lee of us, they suddenly shotte off 
two pieces of Artillery, and as I thinke both of them had 
chaine bullets, for with the one they cut our Mast asunder, 
and overthrew it and the saile into the sea, and instantly 
after they discharged another, and the bullet alighting in 
our barke^ did pierce it thorow and thorow, without doing 
any other hurt, but we, seeing that our vessell beganne to 
sinke, b^anne all to crie out, and request them to succour 
us, and prayed them that they would take us into their 
vessel, for we were a drowning. Then they came amaine, 
and casting out their Cocke-boate, there entred into it as 
good as a douzen Frenchmen, wel appointed with their 
Harcabuzes and Matches lighted, and so approched unto 
us ; and perceiving how few we were, and that the Barke 
did sinke, they received us into their boate, saying, that 
because we had used the discourtesie of not making them 
answer, that misfortune had befalne us. Our Ren^ate 
about this time tooke the coffer wherein Zoraydas treasures 
were kept, and threw it into the sea unperceived of any. 

In conclusion, we went all of us into the great vessel with 
the Frenchmen, who after they had informed themselves of 
all that which they desired to know, as if they were our 
capitall enemies, tney afterward dispoyled us of all that 
ever we had about us, and of Zorayda they tooke all, even 
unto her very bracelets, that she wore on the wrests of her 
feete. But the wrong they did to Zorayda did not afflict 
me so much as the feare I conceived, that after they had 
taken away from her, her most rich and pretious jewels, 
they would also deprive her of the Jewell of most prize, and 
which shee valued most. But the desires of that nation 
extend themselves no farther, then to the gaine of money : 
and their avarice in this is never throughly satisfied ; and at 
that time was so great, as they would have taken from us 
the very habites of slaves, that we brought from Barbaric, 
if they had found them to have beene worth any thing: 
and some there were of opinion among them, that we should 
be al inwreathed in a saile, and throwen into the Sea, be- 
cause they had intention to traffique into some havens of 

loU 



% 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Spaine, under the name of Britaines, and that if they caned CHAPTER 
us alive, they should be punished, their robbery beine de- XIIII 
tected : but the Captaine, who was he that had pilled mv Wherein 
beloved Zorayda, said, that he was so contented with his *^® *^^^\1 
booty, as he meaned not to touch any part of Spaine, but th^^^^gant 
would passe the streights of Gibraltar oy night, or as he narration of 
might, and so retume againe to Rochel, from whence he was his life. 
come : and there upon they all agreed to give us their Cock- 
boate, and all that was necessary for our short voyage, as 
indeed they performed the day ensuing when we were in 
the view of Spaine, with the sight whereof all our griefes 
and poverties were as quite forgotten, as if we never had 
felt any; so great is tne delight a man takes to recover 
his liberty. It was about midday when they put us into 
the Cocke, giving unto us two Barrels of water and some 
Bisket; and the Captaine moved with some compassion, 
as the beautifull Zorayda embarqued her selfe, bestowed on 
her about fortie crownes in gold ; nor would he permit his 
Souldiers to dispoyle her of these very garments, which then 
and now she weares. 

We entred into the cockboate, and giving them thankes 
for the good they did, and shewing at our departure more 
tokens of thankfulnes, then of discontent, they sayled pre- 
sently away from us towards the straights, and we without 
looking on any other north or starre, then the land it selfe 
which appeared before us, did row towards it so lustily, 
that at the Sunneset we were so neere, as we mcuie fiill ac- 
count to arrive before the night were farre spent. But by 
reason that the Moone did not shine, and the night was 
very darke, and that wee knew not where wee were, wee did 
not hold it the best course to approch the shore too neare ; 
yet others there were that thought it convenient and good, 
desiring that wee should make to it, although we ran the 
boate on the rocks, and farre from any dwelling; for by 
doing so, we should free our selves from the feare which we 
ought of reason to have, lest there should bee up and down 
on that coast any Frigats of the Pyrates of Tetuan, which 
arc wont to leave Barbaric over night, and be on the coast 
of Spaine ere morning, and ordinarily make their booty, and 

181 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

tume to their supper againe to Barbarie the night following: 
but of the contrary opinions, that which was followed was, 
that wee should draw neare the land by little and little, and 
that if the quietnesse of the Sea would permit it, wee should 
take land where wee might best and most commodiously doe 
it. This was done, and a little before midnight we arrived 
to the foot of a high and monstrous mountaine, which was 
not altogether so neare to the Sea, but that it did grant 
a litle patch of ground, whereon we might commodiously 
disembarke. Wherefore we ranne our selves on the sands, 
and came all a land and kissed the earth, and with teares of 
most joyfull content and delight, gave thankes unto our 
Lord Grod, for the incomjparable favours which hee had 
done us in our voyage: tnen tooke wee out our vittailes 
from the boate, and drew it selfe up on the shore, and 
ascended a great part of the mountaine : for although we 
were in that place, yet durst wee not assure our selves, 
nor did throughly beleeve that it was a Christian Country 
whereon we did treade. 

The day breaking somewhat slower then I could have 
wished it ; we ascended the mountaine wholly, to see whether 
we might discover any dwelling, or sheepfoulds from thence ; 
but although wee extended our sight unto every quarter, yet 
could we neither descry dwelling, person, path, nor hi^h 
way : yet did we resolve notwithstanding to enter into the 
land, seeing that wee could not choose but discover ere long 
some body who might give us notice of the place where we 
were : and that which afflicted me most of all was, to see 
Zoraida goe a foote through those rugged places; for although 
I did sometimes carry her on my shoulders, yet did the toile 
I tooke more weary her, then the repose she got could ease 
her ; and therefore would never after the first time suffer me 
to take that paines againe, and so shee went ever after a foot 
with great patience, and tokens of joy, I holding her still by 
the hand ; and having travailed little lesse then a quarter 
of a league, we heard the noise of a little bell, an infallible 
argument that neare at hand there was some cattel ; where- 
upon all of us looking very wistly to see whether any body 
appeared, wee might perceive under a Corke-tree a young 

182 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

sheep-heard, who very quietly and carelesly was carving of a CHAPTER 
sticke with a knife: we called to him, and he leaped up XIIII 
lightly on foote, and (as we afterwards learned) the first that Wherein 
he got sight of, were the renegate and Zoraida whom he *^® ^*^t\h 
seeing apparelled in the M orisco habit, thought that all the ^jjg pleasant 
people ot Barbarie had beene at his heeles, and therefore uarration of 
running very swiftly into the wood, he cryed all along with his life, 
marvailous lowdnesse, M oores, Moores are in the land ; 
Moores, Moores, arme, arme. These outcryes struck us a 
new into a great perplexity, and scarce did wee know what 
we should doe : but considering how the sheep - heards 
alarme would cause all the Country to rise up, and that 
the horsemen that kept the coast would presently come to 
see what it was ; we all agreed that the renegate should 
put off his Turkish attyre, and put on a captives cassocke, 
which one of the company gave unto him forthwith, 
although the giver remained after in his shirt : and thus 
committing the aiFaire unto almighty God, we followed on 
by the same way, which we saw the sheep-heard had taken, 
alwaies expecting when the horsemen of the coast would fall 
upon us : and we were not deceived in our expectation, for 
within two houres after, having issued out of those woods 
into a plaiue, we discovered about some fifty horsemen 
which came running towards us as swiftly .as their horses 
could drive, and having perceived them, we stood still, and 
stayed untill they came to us, and saw, in steed of the 
Moores they sought for, so many poore Christians, and 
remayned somewhat ashamed thereat : and one of them 
demaunded whether wee were the occasion that a sheep-heard 
had given the alarme: yes, quoth I, and as I was about 
to informe what I was, and of all our.cuiventure, and from 
whence we came ; one of the Christians that came with us, 
did take notice of the horseman who hcui spoken unto us, 
and so interrupting my speech, he said. Sirs let God be 
praised which hath Drought us to so good a place as this is, 
for if I be not deceived, the earth which we tread, is of Velez 
Malaga ; and if the yeares of my captivitie have not con- 
founded my memory, you likewise Sir that demaunds what 
we be, are reter of Bustamante, mine Uncle. As soone as 

183 



CHAPTER 
XIIII 

Wherein 
the captive 
prosecuteth 
the pleasant 
narration of 
his life. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

ever the Christian captive had spoken those words, the hors- 
man leaping off his norse ranne and embraced him saying, 
O nephew, as deare to me as my soule and life, now I doe 
know thee very well, and many a day since have I wept for 
thee, thinking thou wast dead, and so hath my sister thy 
mother, and aU the rest of thy friends which doe live yet, 
and Grod hath been pleased to preserve their lives, that they 
may enjoy the pleasure to benold thee. Wee knew very 
well, that thou wast in Argiers, and by the signes and tokens 
of thy clothes, and that of all the rest here of thy com- 
panions, I surmise that your escape hath beene miraculous : 
it was so, replyed the Captive, and we shall have time, I 
hope, to recount unto you the manner. 

As soone as the horsemen had understood, that we were 
Christian Captives, they allighted off their Horses, and every 
one of them invited us to mount upon his owne, to carry us 
to the Citty of Velez Malaga, which was yet a league and a 
halfe from that place : and some of them went to the place 
where we had lert the boate, to brins it to the Citty ; whom 
wee informed first of the place where it lay ; others did 
mount us up a horsebacke behind themselves, and Zoraida 
rode behind the captives Uncle: all the people issued to 
receive us being premonished of our arrivall by some one 
that had ridden before. They did not wonder to see Cap- 
tives freed, nor Moores captived there, being an ordinary 
thing in those parts, but that whereat they wondred, was 
the surpassing beauty of Zoraid€^ which at that season and 
instant was in her prime, as well through the warmth shee 
had gotten by her travaile, as also through the joy shee con- 
ceived to see her selfe in Christian lands, secure from all 
feare of being surprised or lost : and these things called out 
to her face such colours, as if it be not that affection might 
then have deceived mee, I durst aver, that a more beauti- 
full then she was, the world could not affoord, at least 
among those which I had ever beheld. 

We went directly to the Church to give thanks unto 
almighty God, for the benefit received: and as soone as 
Zoraida entred into it, shee said there were faces in it, that 
resembled very much that of Lela Marien : we told her 

184 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

that they were her images: and the renegate, as well as CHAPTER 

the brevitie of the time permitted, instructed her what they XIIII 

signified, to the end shee should doe them reverence, as if Wherein 

every one of them were truly that same Lela Marien, which the captive 

had spoken unto her. She who hath a very ffood under- prosecuteth 

. jT J . J , •!. "^ ^ u J J the pleasant 

standing, and an easie and cleare conceit, comprehended Q^jrotion of 

presently all that was told unto her concerning Images: from his life. 

thence they carryed us, and devided us among different houses 

of the Citty, but the Christian that came with us, carried 

the renegate, Zoraida and me to the house of his parents, 

which were indifferently accommodated, and stored with the 

goods of Fortime, and did entertaine me with as great love 

and kindnesse, as if I were their own sonne. We remayned 

sixe dayes in Velez, in which time the ren^ate having made 

an information of all that which might conceme him, hee 

went to the City of Granada to be reconciled, by the holy 

Inquisitions meanes, to the bosome of our holy Mother the 

Church. The rest of the freed captives tooke every one the 

way that he pleased, and Zoraida and I remained behinde, 

with thos^ Duckats only which the Frenchmans curtesie was 

r leased to bestow on Zoraida, and with part of that summe 
bought her this beast whereon shee rides: I my selfe serving 
her hitherto as her Father and her Squire, and not as her 
Spouse, we travaile with intention to see whether my father 
be yet living, or any of my brothers have had more pro- 
sperous hap then my selfe, although seeing that Heaven 
hath made mee Zoraidas consort, me thinks no other good 
Fortune could arrive, were it never so great, that I would 
hold in so high estimation. The patience wherewithall shee 
beares the incommodities usually annext unto poverty, and 
the desires shee shewes to become a Christian, is such and so 
great, as it strikes mee into an admiration, and doth move 
me to serve her all the dayes of my life : although that the 
delight which I take to see my selfe hers, and shee mine, 
is oft times interrupted and almost dissolved by the feare 
which I have, that I shall not finde in mine owne Countrey 
some little Corner, wherein I may entertayne her ; and that 
time and death have wrought such alteration in the goods 
and lives of my fathers and brothers, as I shall scarce finde 
2: AA 185 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER any one at home that knowes mee. I have no more, good 

^^U Sirs, to tell you of my Uvea Historie, then which whether it 

be pleasing, and rare, or no, your cleere conceipts are to j udge: 

as for my selfe I dare say, that if it had beene posaible, I 

would have told it with more brevitie ; fearing tt might 

bee tedious unto you, I purposely omitted many 

delightf uU circumstances thereof. 



Wherein 
the captive 
proeecuteth 
tlie pleasant 
tuiTBtioii of 
IiisUA. 



CHAPTER XV 

Which speakes of that which after befell in the 

Inne ; and of sundry other things worthy 

to be knowne. 

H£ Captive having said this, held his peace, 
and Don Fernando replyed to him thus. 
Truly Captaine, the manner wherewith- 
all you have recounted this marvailous 
successe, hath beene such, as it may be 
parrangond to the novelty and strange- 
nesae of the event it self, and so great is 
the delieht we have taken in the Eearing 
thereof, as I doe beleeve, Uiat although wee had spent the 
time from hence till to morrow, in listning to it, yet should 
we be glad to heare it told over once againe, and saying 
so, Caraenio, and all the rest did offer themselves and their 
meanes to his service, as much as lay in them, with so cor- 
dial! and friendly words, as the Captive remained throughly 
satisfied with their good wits : but specially Don Fernando 
ofiered, that if hee would retume witn him, hee would cause 
the Marquesse his brother to be Zoraida her Godfather in 
Baptisme, and that hee for his part, would so accommodate 
him with all things necessary, as he might enter into the 
towne, with the decency and authority due to his person. 
The Captive did gratine his large offers very courteously, 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

but would not accept any of them at that time : by this CHAPTER 
the night drew on, and about the fall thereof, there arrived ^^ 

at the Inne a coatch with some men a horsebacke, and asked Which 
for lodging : to whom the Hostesse answered, that in all the S^^.^^ 
Inne there was not a spanne free. The number of her guests ^f^,. i^efell 
was already so many : well, although that be so, quoth in the Inne ; 
one of the horsemen that had entred, yet must there be a and of sundry 
place found for Master lustice, who comes in this Coach. At ^^^*^"*?'l 
this name, the Hostesse was affraid, and said, Sir the misfor- ^^^^^^ 
tune is, that I have no beds, but if Master lustice brings 
one with him, as it is probable he doth, let him enter in 
boldly, and I and my husband will leave our owne chamber 
to accommodate his worship. So be it, quoth the Squire, 
and by this time allighted out of the Coach, a man whose 
att}rre did presently denote his dignity and office ; for his 
long gowne, and his great and large sleeves did shew that he 
was a ludge, as the Servingman affirmed. He led a young 
Maiden by the hand, of about some sixteene yeeres old, 
apparelled in riding attyre, but she was therewithall of so 
disposed, beautifuU, and, chearefuU a countenance, as her 
presence did strike them all into admiration : so as if they 
had not scene Dorotea, Luscinda, and Zoraid€^ which were 
then in the Inne, they would hardly have beleeved that this 
Damzels beauty might any where have beene matched. 

Don-Quixote was present at the ludgcs, and the Grentle- 
womans entry : and so, as soone as he had scene him, he 
said. Sir, you may boldly enter, and take your ease in this 
Castle, which although it be but little, and ill accommodated, 
et there is no narrownesse nor discommodity in the worid, 
ut makes place for armes, and learning, and specially if the 
armes and letters bring beauty for their guide and leader, as 
your learning doth, conducted by this lovely Dam/cll, to 
whom ought not only Castles to open and manifest them- 
selves, but also Rocks to part and devide their cliffes, and 
Mountaines to bow their ambitious crests, to give and make 
her a lodging. Enter therefore, I say, WorshipfuU Sir, into 
this Paradise, wherein you shall find Starrcs and Sunnes, 
to accompany this skie which you bring in your company. 
Here shall you finde armes in their height, and beauty m 

187 



t 



( 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER her prime. The ludge marvailed greatly at Don-Quizots 

XV speech, whom he began to behold very eameBtly, aod woD- 

Wbich dred no lesse at his shape, then at his words, and knowing 

■P™^."' not what answere he might return him, he was diverted on 

after befell ^^ other side, by the sudden approch of the three Ladies 

inthelnne; LuBcinda, Dorot^ and Zoraida, which stood before him, 

and of sundry for having heard of the arrival of new guests, and also 

*^|^ *•""¥" being informed by the Hostesse of the young Ladies beauty, 

knowne *^^y "*'* '^'"^ forth to see, and entertaine her. But Don 

Fernando, Cardenio, and the Curate, did give him more 

compleate and courtly entertainment then the rusty Knight. 

In effect the ludge was marvailously amazed at that wHich 

bee saw and beard in that Inne : and the foire guests thereof 

bade the be&utiful Maiden welcome. The ludge perceived 

very well, that the guests of the Inne were all men of 

account, but Don-Quixotes feature, visage, and behaviour, 

did set him out of all byas, being not able to conjecture 

what he mieht be : and after some courtlike intercourses 

passed, and the commodities of the Inne examined, they all 

agreed agsine, as they had done before, that all the women 

should enter into Don-Quixotes roome, and the men remaine 

without in their guarde. And so the ludge was content that 

the Damzell, who was his Daughter, should also goe with 

those Ladies, which shee did with a very good will : and 

with a part of the Inkeepeis narrow bed, and halfe of that 

which Uie ludge had brought with him, they made shift to 

passe over that night the best they could. 

The Captive, who from the instant that be had first seen 
the ludee, did greatly suspect that be was his Brother, and 
demaunded of one of his servants, how he was called, and 
where he was borne p The other answered, how he was 
called the Licenciat John Perez of Viedma, and as bee had 
heard, hee was borne in a Village of the Mountaines of Leon. 
With this relation, and the rest that he had noted, he 
finally confirmed his opinion that it was the brother, who 
following his fathers Etdvice, had dedicated himselfe to his 
studies : and full of joy and contentment, calling aside Don 
Fernando, Cardenio, and the Curate, he certified them of 
all that passed, and that the ludge was bis Brother. The 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Serving-man told him likewise how he went towards the CHAPTER 
Indies, where he had his place and office in the Courts of ^^ 

Mexico: and also that the young Gentlewoman was his Which 
Daughter, of whose birth her mother had died, and he ever fPf^^.^f 
after remained a widdower, and very rich, by her dowry and ^^^ befell 
portion that shee had left to her daughter: he demanded of in the Inne; 
them advice how he might discover himselfe to his brother, andof suncUy 
or first know, whether after he had detected himselfe, he other thin« 
would receive him with a good countenance and affection, J^n^wne 
and not be ashamed to acknowledge him for his brother, 
seeing him in so poore an estate : leave the triall of that 
experience to mee, quoth the Curate, and the rather because 
there is no occasion why you Sir Captaine should not be 
kindly entertained by him : for the prudence, worths, and 
good countenance of your brother, give manifest tokens that 
he is nothing arrogant. For all that, said the Captaine, I 
would not make my selfe knowen on the suddaine, but would 
use some pretty ambages to bring him acauainted with me : 
I say unto you, quoth the Curate, that I will trace the matter 
in such sort, as we all wil rest satisfied. 

Supper was by this made ready, and all of them sate 
downe to the table, the Captive excepted and Ladies, which 
supped together within the roome : and about the midst of 
supper the Curate said. Master lustice, I have had in times 
past a Comrade of your very surname m Constantinople, 
where I was sometime Captive, who was one of the most 
valiant Souldiers and Captaines that might be found among 
all the Spanish foote : but he was as unfortunate as he was 
valorous and resolute. And how was that Captaine called 
good Sir ? quoth the ludge. His name was, replyed Master 
Curate, Ruy Perez of Viedma, and he was borne in a Village 
of the mountaines of Leon ; and he recounted unto me 
an occurrence hapned betweene his father, him, and his 
other brethren, which, if I had not beene told by a man 
of such credit and reputation as he was, I would have 
esteemed for one of these fables which old Wives are 
wont to rehearse by the fire side in winter: for hee said 
to me, that his father had devided his goods among 
his three sons, and gave them withall, certaine precepts, 

189 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER better then those of Cato ; and I know well, that the choise 
^^ which he made to follow the warre, had such happy suc- 
Which cesse, as withm a few yeares, through his forwardnesse and 

■P®**^®? .^^ valour, without the helpe of any other arme, he was ad- 
f^r^fell ^&nced ^^ & company of foot, and made a Captain, and was 
inthelnne; ^^ ^^^ way and course of becomming one day a CoUonell, 
and of sundry but fortune was contrary to him, for even there, where he 
other thines was most to expect her favour, he lost it, with the losse 
worthy to be ^f j^jg Uberty, in that most happy journey wherein so many 

recovered it, to wit, in the battel! of Lepanto. I lost mine 
in Goleta, and after by different successe wee became com- 
panions in ConsUntinople, from whence we went to Argiers, 
where did befall him one of the most notable adventures 
that ever hapned in the world ; and there the Curate with 
succinct brevity recounted all that had hapned betweene 
the Captaine and Zoraida: to all which the ludge was so 
attentive, as in all his life he never listned to any cause 
so attentively, as then. And the Curate onely arrived to 
the Point wherein the Frenchmen spoyled the Christians 
that came in the Barke, and the necessitie wherein his com- 
panion and the beautifuU Zorayda remained : of whom he 
had not learned any thing after, nor knew not what became 
of them or whether they came into Spaine, or were caried 
away by the Frenchmen to Fraunce. 

The Captaine stood listening somewhat a loofe off to all 
the Curates words, and noted the while the motions and 
gestures of his brother; who seeing that the Curate had 
now made an end of his speech, breathing forth a great 
sigh, and his eyes bemg filled with teares, he said, O Sir, 
if you had known the newes which you have told me : and 
how neerely they touch me in some points, whereby I am 
constrained to manifest these teares, which violently breake 
forth in despight of my discretion, and calling, you would 
hold me excused for this excesse. That Captaine of whom 
you spoke, is my eldest brother, who, as one stronger, and 
of more noble thoughts then I or my younger brother, made 
election of the honourable military calling; one of the 
three estates which our father proposed to us, even as your 
Comrade informed you, when as you thought he related a 
190 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

&ble. I followed my booke, by which God and my diligence CHAPTER 
raised me to the state you see: my younger brother is in XV 
Peru, and with that which he hath sent to my father and Which 
my self, hath bountifully recompenced the portion he caried, ^P^'^^.^f 
and given to him sufficient to satisfie his liberall disposition, aftep^feii 
and to mee, wherewithal! to continue my studies, with jq the Inne; 
the decensie and authority needfull to advance me to the and of sundry 
ranke which now I possesse. My father lives yet, but dying o*^®' *^°?^ 
through desire to leame somewhat of his eldest sonne, and ^^^^J^ "« 
doth daily importune Gk>d with incessant prayers, that death 
may not shut his eyes untill hee may once againe see him 
alive. I only marvell not a little, considering his discre- 
tion, that among all his labours, afflictions, or prosperous 
successes, he hath beene so carelesse in giving his father 
notice of his proceedings : for if eyther he, or any one of 
us had knowne of his captivity, he should not have needed 
to expect the miracle of the Cane for his ransome. But 
that which troubles me most of all, is, to thinke whether 
these Frenchmen have restored him againe to libertie, or 
else slaine him, that they might conceiQe their robberie the 
better : all which will be an occasion to mee to prosecute 
roy voyage, not with the joy wherewithall I beganne it, but 
rather with melancholy and sorrow. O deare brother, I 
would I might know now where thou art, that I my selfe 
might goe and search thee out, and free thee from thy pciines, 
although it were with the hazard of mine own. O who is 
he that could carrie newes to our old father, that thou wert 
but alive, although thou wert hidden in the most abstruse 
dungeons of Barbaric ; for his riches, my brothers and mine 
would fetch thee from thence. O beautiful! and liountiful! 
Zorayda, who might be able to recompence thee for the good 
thou has done to my brother ! How happy were he that 
mi^ht be present at thy spirituall birtn and baptisme, 
and at thy nuptials, which would he so grateful! to us al! ! 
These and many other such wordes did the ludge deliver, so 
full of compassion for the newes that he had received of 
his brother, as all that heard him kept him company, in 
shewing signes of compassion for his sorrow. 

The Curate therefore perceiving the happy successe where- 

191 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER to his designe and the Captaines desire had sorted, would 
^^ hold the company sad no longer, and therfore arising from 
Which the table, and entring into the roome wherin Zoraida was, 

JP®*^^ ®^ he tooke her by the hand, and after her followed Luscinda, 
after befell I^orotea, and the ludge his daughter. The Captaine stood 
in the Inne; ^lU to see what the Curate would doe; who taking him fast 
and of sundry by the other hand, marched over with them both towards 
other thinffs tne ludge and the other Gentlemen, and said: Suppresse 
knowne*^ y^*"" teares Master lustice, and ^lut your desire with all 

that good which it may desire, seeing you have here before 
you your good brother, and your lovinff sister in law : this 
man whom you view here, is the Captaine Viedma, and this 
the beautifull Moore, which hath done so much for him. 
The Frenchmen which I told you of, have reduced them 
to the poverty you see, to the end that you may shew the 
liberality of your noble brest. Then did the Captaine 
draw neere to embrace his brother, but he held him off 
a while with his arms, to note whether it was he or no ; 
but when he once knew him, he embraced him so lovingly, 
and with such abundance of teares, as did attract the like 
A*om all the beholders. The wordes that the brothers spoke 
one to another, or the feeling affection which they shewed, 
can hardly be conceived, and therfore much lesse written by 
any one whatsoever. There thev did briefly recount the one 
to the other their successes : there did they shew the true 
love and affection of brothers in his prime : there did the 
ludge embrace Zorayda : there he made her an offer of all 
that was his : there did hee also cause his daughter to 
embrace her : there the beautifull Christian, and the most 
beautifull Moore renewed the teares of them al : there Don- 
Quixote was attentive, without speaking a word, ponder- 
ing of these rare occurrences, and attributing them to the 
Chimeras, which he imagined to be incident to Chivalrie : 
and there they agreed that the Captaine and Zoraida should 
retume with their brother to Sivill, and thence advise their 
father of his finding and liberty, that he as well as he might, 
should come to Sivill to the baptisme and marriage of 
Zorayda, because the ludge could not possibly retume, or 
discontinue his journey, in respect that the Indian Fleete 
19S 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

was to depart within a moneth from SiviU towards New CHAPTER 
Spaine. XV 

Every one in conclusion was joyfull and glad at the cap- Which 
tives ^ood successe ; and two parts of the night being ®P®*^^.^! 
welnigh spent, they all agreed to repose themselves awhile. ^^Ibefell 
Don-Quixote offered himselfe to watch and guard the Castle i^ the Inne; 
whilst they slept, lest they should be assaulted by some and of sundry 
Giant or other miscreant, desirous to rob the great ^asure other things 
of beautie that was therein immured and kept. Those that ^ q/*^ 
knew him rendred unto him infinite thankes: and withall 
informed the ludge of his extravagant humor, whereat he 
was not a little recreated: onely Sancho Panfa did fret, 
because they went so slowly to sleepe, and he alone was 
best accommodated of them aU, by lying downe on his 
beasts furniture, which cost him dearely, as shall be after 
recounted. The Ladies being withdrawne into their Cham- 
ber, and every one laying himselfe downe where best he 
might, Don-Quixote sallied out of the Inne, to be Centinell 
of the Castle as he had promised. And a little before day 
it hapned, that so sweet and tuneable a voyce touched 
the Ladies eares, as it obliged them all to listen unto 
it very attentively, but chiefly Dorotea, who first awaked, 
and by whose side the young Gentlewoman Donna Clara 
of Viedma (for so the ludges Daughter was called) slept. 
None of them could imagine who it was that sung so 
well without the helpe of any instrument: sometimes it 
seemed that he sung in the yard, others that it was in the 
Stable : and being thus in suspence, Cardenio came to the 
chamber dore, ana said, Whosoever is not asleepe, let them 
give eare, and they shall heare the voice of a Lsu^key that so 
chants, as it likewise inchants. Sir, quoth Dorotea, we 
heare him very well. With this Ceirdenio departed, and 
Dorotea using all the attention possible, heard 
that his song was this following. 



S : BB 19S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 



CHAPTER XVI 

Wherin is recounted the History of the Lackey, 
with other strange adventures befalne 

in the Inne. 

I AM a Mariner to love^ 

Wliicli in his depths profound 

Still sailes, and yet no hope can prove, 

Of comming aye to the ground. 
I following goe, a glistring starre, 

Which I aloofo descry. 

Much more resplendent, then those are 

That PaHnure aid spie : 
I know not where my course to bend. 

And so confusedly. 

To see it onely I pretend 

Carefiill and carelesly. 
Her too impertinent regard. 

And too much modestie, 

The clouds are which mine eyes have bard 

From their deserved fee. 
O cleere and soule reviving star. 

Whose sight doth trie my trust, 

If thou thy light from me debar, 

Instantly die I must 

The Singer arriving to this point of his song, Dorotea 
imagined that it would not be amisse to let Donna Clara 
heare so excellent a voyce, and therefore she jogged her a 
little on the one and other side, until! she had awaked her, 
and then said. Pardon me childe for thus interrupting your 
sweet repose, seeing I doe it to the end you may joy, by 
hearing one of the oest voyces that perhaps you ever heard 
in your Ufe. Clara awaked at the first drowsily, and did 
not well understand what Dorotea said, and therefore de- 
maunding of her what she said, she told it her againe; 
whereupon Donna Clara was also attentive : but scarce 
had she heard two verses repeated by the early Musitian, 
when a marvellous trembling invaded her, even as if she 

194 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

had then su£Pered the grievous fit of a quartane Ague. CHAPTER 
Wherefore unbracing Dorotea very straigntly, she said, XVI 
Alas, deere Ladie, why did you awake me, seeing the Wherin is 
greatest happe that fortune could in this instant have recounted the 

F'ven me, was, to have mine eyes and eares so shut, as ^^ Lwkev 
might neither see, nor heare that unfortunate Musician ? ^th other 
What is that you say childe, quoth Dorotea, did you not strange 
heare one say tiat the Musitian is but a horse-boy ? Hee ff Y®,'^*'*.'®* 
is no hprse-Doy, quoth Clara, but a Lord of many townes ; Sj^f^^® ^ 
and he that hath such firme possession of my soule, as if 
hee himselfe will not reject it, he shall never be deprived 
of the dominion thereof; Dorotea greatly wondred at the 
passionate words of the young girle, whereby it seemed 
to her that she far surpassed the discretion which so tender 
yeares did promise : and therefore she replied to her, saying, 
Vou speake so obscurely. Lady Clara, as I cannot under- 
stand you : expound yoiur selfe more cleerly, and tel 
me what is that you say of soules, and townes, and of 
this Musitian, whose voyce hath altred you so much : but 
doe not say any thing to me now; for I would not lose, 
by listening to your disgusts, the pleasure I take to heare 
him sing; for me thinkes he resumes his musicke with 
new verses, and in another tune : in a good houre, auoth 
Donna Clara ; and then, because shee her selfe would not 
heare him, she stopt her eares with her fingers; whereat 
Dorotea did also marvell : but being attentive to the 
Musicke, she heard the Lackey prosecute his song in this 
manner : 

O Sweet and constant hope, 

That break'st impossibilities and bryars. 

And firmely ran st the scope 

Which thou thy selfe dost forge to thy desires. 

Be not dismaide to see 

At evr'y step thy selfe, nigh death to bee. 
Sliismrds doe not deserve 

The gloria of triumphs or victorie. 

Good hap doth never serve 

Those, which resist not Fortune manfully. 

But weakely fidl to ground : 

And in soft sloth their senses all confound. 

195 



CHAPTER 
XVI 

Wherinii 
recounted the 
History of 
the Lackey, 
with other 
Btrange 
adventures 
befidne in 
the Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

That Love his glories hold 

At a high rate, it reason is and just : 

No precious stones nor g^ld 

May be at all compared with loves gust. 

And tis a thing most cleare : 

Nothing is worth esteeme that cost not deare. 
An amarous persistance 

Obtaineth oft-times things impossible 

And so though I resistance 

Finde of my soules desires, in her steme will ; 

I hope, time shall be given. 

When I from earth may rech her glorious heaven. 

Heere the Toyoe ended, and Donna Claras sighes b^an; 
all which infleuned Doroteas desire, to know the cause of 
so sweete a song, and so sad a pbunt. And therefore she 
eftsoones required her, to tell her now what she was about 
to have said before. Then Clara timorous, lest Luscinda 
should overheare her, imbradng Dorotea very neerly, laid 
her mouth so close to Doroteas eare, as she might speake 
securely without being understood by any other, and said ; 
he that sings, is, deere Ladie, a Gentlemans sonne of the 
Eingdome of Aragon, whose father is Lord of two townes, 
and dwelled right before my fathers house at the Court, 
and although the windowes of our house were in Winter 
covered with seare cloth, and in Sommer with lattice, I 
know not how it happened, but this Gentleman, who went 
to the schole espied me, and whether it was at the Church, 
or else where, I am not certaine. Finally, he fell in love 
with me, and did acquainte me with his affection from his 
owne windowes that were opposite to mine, with so many 
tokens and such abundance of teares, as I most forceably 
beleeved, and also affected him, without knowing how much 
he loved me: among the signes that he would make me, 
one was, to joyne the one hand to the other, giving me ther- 
by to understand that he would marry me : and although 
I would be very glad that it might be so ; yet as one alone, 
and without a mother, I knew not to whom I might com- 
municate the affaire, and did therfore let it rest without 
affording him any other favour, unlesse it were when my 
father and his were gone abroad, by lifting up the lattice or 
196 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Searecloth only a little, and permitting him to behold me ; CHAPTER 

for which favor he would shew such signes of ioy, as a man ^^^ 

would deeme him to be reft of his wits. The time of my Wherin is 

fathers departure arriving, and he hering of it, but not from 2^°*^r **^ 

me (for I could never tell it to him) he fell sicke, as farre ^^ liLcev, 

as I could understand, for griefe, and therefore I could never with other * 

see him all the day of our departure, to bid him farewell at strange 

least with mine eyes : but after we had travelled two dales fdvwitaws 

just as we entred into an Inne in a village, a daies journey SflSSi" 

from hence, I saw him at the lodging doore, apparrelled so 

properly like a Lacky, as if I had not borne about me his pur^ 

trature in my soule, it had bene impossible to know him. I 

knew him, and wondred, and was fflaid withall ; and he beheld 

me unwitting my father, fit)m wnose presence he stil hides 

himselfe when he crosses the waies before me as we travel, 

or after we arrive at any Inne. And because that I know 

what he is, and doe consider the paine hee takes by comming 

thus a foote for my sake, and that with so great toile, I die 

for sorrow, and where hee puts his feete 1 also put mine 

eyes. I know not with what intention he comes nor how 

he could possibly thus escape from his father, who loves 

him beyond measure, both because he hath none other 

hayre, and because the young Grentleman also deserves it, as 

you will perceive when you see him: and I dare affirme 

besides, that all that which he sales, he composes extempore, 

and without any studie ; for I have heard that hee is a fine 

Student, and a great Poet. And every time that I see him, 

or do heare him sing, I start and tremble like an Aspen 

leafe, for feare that my father should know him, and thereby 

come to have notice of our mutuall affections. I have never 

spoken one word to him in my life, and yet I doe neverthe- 

lesse love him so much, as without him 1 shall not be able 

to live. And this is all, deere Ladie, that I am able to say 

unto you of the Musician whose voyce hath pleased you so 

well, as by it alone you might conjecture, that he is not 

a horse-boy as you said, but rather a Lord of soules, and 

townes, as I affirmed. 

Speake no more Ladie Clara (quoth Dorotea, at that 
season, kissing her a thousand times): speake no more, I 

.197 




CHAPTER 
XVI 

Wherinii 
recounted the 
History of 
the Lackey, 
with other 
Btrange 
adTentures 
be&lnein 
the Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

That Love hia glories hold 

At a high rate, it reason is and just : 

No precious stones nor gold 

May be at all compared with loves gust. 

And tis a thing most cleare : 

Nothing is worth esteeme that cost not deare. 
An amarous persistance 

Obtaineth oft-times things impossible 

And so though I resistance 

Finde of my soules desires, in her steme will ; 

I hope, time shall be given. 

When I from earth may rech her glorious heaven. 

Heere the yoyoe ended, and Donna Claras sighes began; 
all which infleuned Doroteas desire, to know the cause of 
so sweete a song, and so sad a pbunt. And therefore she 
eftsoones required her, to tell her now what she was about 
to have said before. Then Clara timorous, lest Luscinda 
should overheare her, imbracing Dorotea very neerly, laid 
her mouth so close to Doroteas eare, as she might speake 
securely without being understood by any other, and said ; 
he that sings, is, deere Ladie, a Gentlemans sonne of the 
Eingdome of Aragon, whose father is Lord of two townes, 
and dwelled right before my fathers house at the Court, 
and although the windowes of our house were in Winter 
covered with seare cloth, and in Sommer with lattice, I 
know not how it happened, but this Grentleman, who went 
to the schole espied me, and whether it was at the Church, 
or else where, I am not certaine. Finally, he fell in love 
with me, and did acquainte me with his affection from his 
owne windowes that were opposite to mine, with so many 
tokens and such abundance of teares, as I most forceably 
beleeved, and also affected him, without knowing how much 
he loved me: among the signes that he would make me, 
one was, to joyne the one hand to the other, giving me ther- 
by to understand that he would marry me : and although 
I would be very glad that it might be so ; yet as one alone, 
and without a mother, I knew not to whom I might com- 
municate the affaire, and did therfore let it rest without 
affording him any other favour, unlesse it were when my 
father and his were gone abroad, by lifting up the lattice or 
196 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Searecloth only a little, and permitting him to behold me ; CHAPTER 

for which favor he would shew such signes of loy, as a man ^^1 

would deeme him to be reft of his wits. The time of my Wherin is 

fathers departure arriving, and he hering of it, but not from S^^^^r*^® 

me (for I could never tell it to him) he fell sicke, as farre ^j^^ L^key, 

as I could understand, for griefe, and therefore I could never with other ' 

see him all the day of our departure, to bid him farewell at strange 

least with mine eyes : but after we had travelled two daies adventures 

just as we entred into an Inne in a village, a daies journey ^^^^ 

from hence, I saw him at the lodging doore, apparrelled so 

properly like a Lacky, as if I had not borne about me his puiv 

trature in my soule, it had bene impossible to know him. I 

knew him, and wondred, and was elad withall ; and he beheld 

me unwitting my father, frx)m whose presence he stil hides 

himselfe when he crosses the waies before me as we travel, 

or after we arrive at any Inne. And because that I know 

what he is, and doe consider the paine hee takes by comming 

thus a foote for my sake, and that with so great toile, I die 

for sorrow, and where hee puts his feete I also put mine 

eyes. I know not with what intention he comes nor how 

he could possibly thus escape from his father, who loves 

him beyond measure, both because he hath none other 

hayre, and because the young Grentleman also deserves it, as 

you will perceive when you see him: and I dare affirme 

besides, that all that which he saies, he composes extempore, 

and without any studie ; for I have heard that hee is a fine 

Student, and a great Poet. And every time that I see him, 

or do heare him sing, I start and tremble like an Aspen 

leafe, for feare that my father should know him, and thereby 

come to have notice of our mutuall affections. I have never 

spoken one word to him in my life, and yet I doe neverthe- 

lesse love him so much, as without him I shall not be able 

to live. And this is all, deere Ladie, that I am able to say 

unto you of the Musician whose voyce hath pleased you so 

well, as by it alone you might conjecture, that he is not 

a horse-boy as you said, but rather a Lord of soules, and 

townes, as I affirmed. 

Speake no more Ladie Clara (quoth Dorotea, at that 
season, kissing her a thousand times): speake no more, I 

197 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER say, but have patience iintill it be day-li^ht ; for I hope in 
X^I Grod so to direct your a£Paires, as that uiey shall have the 
Wherin is fortunate successe, that so honest beginning deserves. Alas 
mounted the Madam, quoth Donna Clara, what end may be expected, 
the L^key ^^^ig his father is so noble and rich, as he would scarce 
with other ' deeme me worthy to be his sonnes servant, how much lesse 
Btrange his spouse ? and for mee to marry my selfe unknowne to my 

f^^ntures father, I would not doe it for all the world. I desire no 
J^^^^^ other thing, but that the young Grentleman would retume 

home againe, and leave me alone; perhaps, by not seeing 
him, and the ereat distance of the way which we are to 
travd. my pain?^hich now so much piseth mee. wiU be 
somewhat attained, although I dare say, that this remedie 
which now I have imagineo, would availe me but little - for 
I know not whence with the vengeance, or by what way this 
a£Fection which I beare him got into me, seeing both I and 
he are so young as we be, for I beleeve we are much of an 
age, and I am not yet ftill sixteene; nor shall be as my 
father sales, untill Michaelmas next. Dorotea could not 
contain her laughter, hearing how childishly Donna Clara 
spoke, to whom she said. Lady let us repose againe, and 
sleepe that little part of the night which remaines, and 
when Grod sends day light, we will prosper, or my hands 
shall faile me: with this they held their peace, and all 
the Inne was drowned in profound silence; only the In- 
keepers Daughter, and Mmtomes were not asleepe, but 
knowing very wel Don-Quixotes peccant humour, and that 
he was armed and on horsebacke without the Inne keep- 
ing gard, both of them consorted together, and agreed to 
be some-way merry with him, or at least to passe over some 
time, in hearing him speake ravingly. 

It is therefore to be understood, that there was not in all 
the Inne any window, which looked out into the field, but 
one hole in a bame, out of which they were wont to cast 
their straw : to this hole came the two demy-damzels, and 
saw Don-Quixote mounted and leaning on his lavelin, and 
breathing forth, ever and anone, so dol^ull and deepe sighes, 
as it seemed his soule was plucked away by every one of 
them : and they noted besides how he said with a soft and 
198 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

amorous voice : O my Ladie Dulcinea of Toboso, the somie ^CHAPTER 
of all beauty, the end and quintessence of discretion, the ^^I 
treasury of sweet countenance and carriage, the store-house Wherin is 
of honesty : and finaUy, the Idea of all that which is pro- recounted the 
fitable, modest, or delightfull in the world ! and what might ^^ Lwkey 
thy Ladiship be doing at this present ? Hast thou perhaps with other ' 
thy mind now upon tny captive knight, that most wittingly strange 
exposeth himselle to so many dangers for thy sake ? Give ?^][f?*"!** 
unto me tidings of her, O thou Luminary of the three faces, ^^q^ j^ 

Eeradventure thou dost now with envy enough behold 
er, either walking through some Gallery of her sumptuous 
Pallaces, or leaning on some bay window, and thinking how 
(saving her honour and greatnesse) she shall mitigate, and 
asswage the torture which this mine oppressed hart indures 
for her love, what glory she shall ^ve for my paines, what 
quiet to my cares, what life to my aeath, and wnat guerdon 
to my services. And thou sonne, which art as I beleeve, by 
this time saddling of thy horses to get away earely, and go 
out to see my Mistresse, I request thee as soone as thou 
shall see her, to salute her in my behalfe, but beware that 
when thou lookest on her, and dost greet her, that thou doe 
not kisse her on the face, for if thou dost, I wil become 
more jealous of thee, then ever thou wast of the swift 
ingrate, which made thee to run and sweat so much through 
the plaines of Thessalia, or the brinks of Peneo, for I have 
forgotten through which of them thou rannest so jealous 
and inamored. To this point arrived Don-Quixote, when 
the Inkeepers daughter began to cal him softly unto her 
and say; Sir Knight, approach a little hitherward if you 
please. At which voice Don-Quixote turned his head, and 
saw by the light of the Moone which shined then very 
clearely, that he was called too from the hole, which he 
accounted to be a faire window ful of yron barres, and those 
costly gylded with gold, wel befitting so rich a Castle as he 
imagined that Inne to be, and presently in a moment he 
forged to his own fancie, that once againe as shee had done 
be^re, the beautifull Damzell daughter to the Ladie of 
that Castle, overcome by his love, aid retume to sollicite 
him : and with this thought, because he would not shew 

199 



THE FIUST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER himselfe discourteous and ungratefully he turned Rozinante 
XVI about, and came over to the hole, and then having beheld 
Wherin is the two wenches hee said : I take pitie on you beautif ull 
racounted the Lady, that you have placed your amorous thoughts in a 
^eL^key P^*^ whence it is not possible to have any correspondence 
with other answerable to the desert of your high worth and beauty, 
strange whereof you are in no sort to condemne this miserable 

adventures Knight Errant, whom Love hath wholy disabled to sur- 
befidne in render his will to be any other then to her, whom at the 

first sight he made absolute mistresse of his soule. Pardon 
me therefore, good Ladie, and retire your selfe to your 
chamber, and make me not, by any further insinuation of 
your desires, more unthankefull and discourteous then I 
would be : and if through the love that you beare me, you 
finde in me any other thing wherewithal! I may serve and 
pleasure you, so that it bee not love it selfe, demaund it 
Doldly, for I do swear unto you by mine absent yet sweetest 
enemy, to bestow it upon you incontinently, yea though 
it be a loke of Medusas haires, which are all of Snakes, or 
the venr Sunne beames inclosed in a violl ofglasse. 

My Ladie needs none of those things Sir Anight answered 
Mantomes : What doth shee then want, discreet Matron P 
quoth Don-Quixote; only one of your faire hands, said 
Maritomes, that therewithall shee may disburden her selfe 
of some part of those violent desires, which compelled her 
to come to this window, with so great danger of her honour : 
for if her Lord and Father knew of her comming, the least 
slice he would take off her, should bee at the least an eare. 
I would faine once see that, quoth Don-Quixote, but I am 
sure he will beware how hee doe it, if he have no list to 
make the most disastrous end that ever father made in this 
world, for having laied violent hands on the delicate limmes 
of his amorous aaughter. Maritomes verily perswaded her 
selfe, that Don-Quixote would give up his hand as he was 
requested ; and having already contrived in her mind what 
she would do, descended with all haste from the hole, and 
going into the Stable, fetched out Sancho Pan9as his Asses 
halt^, and returned againe with very great speed, iust as 
Don -Quixote (standing up on Roadnantes saadle that he 

aoo 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

might the better reach the barred windowes, whereat hee CHAPTER 

imagined the wounded Damzel remained) did, stretching ^^ 

up his hand, say unto her. Hold Lady the hand, or as I Wherin is 

may better say, the executioner of earthly miscreants : hold, rej^unted the 

I say, that hand, which no other woman ever touched before, ^^ L^key 

not even shee her selfe that hath intyre possession of my with other ' 

whole body, nor doe I give it to you, to the end you should strange 

kisse it ; but that you may behold the contexture of the ff Yf,^^!** 

sinnewes, the knitting of the muscles, and the spaciositie ^?]^^ 

and breadth of the veines, whereby you may collect, how 

great ought the force of that arme to be whereunto such a 

hand is knit. We shall see that presently, quoth Mari- 

tomes, and then making a running knot on ihe halter, shee 

cast it on the wrest of his hand, and then descending from 

the hole, shee tyed the other end of the halter very fast 

to the locke of the bame dore. Don-Quixote feeling the 

roughnesse of the halter about his wrest, said: It rather 

seemes that you grate my hand, then that you cherish it : 

but yet I pray you, not to handle it so roughly, seeing it is 

in no fault of the evill which my will doth unto you : nor 

is it comly that you should revenge or disburden the whole 

bulke of your indignation on so small a part: remember 

that those which love well, doe not take so cruell revenge. 

But no body gave eare to these words of Don-Quixote : lor 

as soone as Maritomes had tyed him, she and the other 

almost burst for laughter, ranne away, and left him tyed 

in such manner, as it was impossible for him to loose him- 

selfe. 

He stood, as we have recounted, on Rozinante his saddle, 
having all his arme thrust in at the hole, and fastned by the 
wrist to the locke, and was in very great doubt and feare, 
that if Rozinante budged never so little on any side hee 
should fall and hang by the arme; and therefore he durst 
not once use the least motion of the world, although he might 
well have expected from Rozinantes patience, and milde spirit, 
that if he were suffered, he would stand still a whole age 
without stirring himselfe. In fine, Don-Quixote seeing 
himselfe tyed, and that the Ladies were departed, began 
straight to imagine that all that had beene done by way of 

2 : CC SOI 



CHAPTER 
XVI 

Wherinis 
recounted the 
History of 
the Lackey, 
with other 
strange 
adventures 
befidne in 
thelnne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

inchauntment, as the last time, when in the very same Castle 
the inchanted Moore (the Carrier) had so fairely belaboured 
him: and then to himselfe did he execrate his owne want 
of discretion and discourse, seeing that having escaped out 
of that castle so evill dight the first time, hee would after 
adventure to enter into it the second : for it was generally 
observed by Knights Errant, that when they had once tried 
an adventure, and could not finish it, it was a token that it 
was not reserved for them, but for some other ; and there- 
fore would never prove it a^aine. Yet for all this he drew 
forward his arme, to see if ne might deliver himselfe ; but 
he was so well bound, as all his indeavours proved vaine. 
It is true,that he drew it very warily, lest Rozmante should 
stirre: and although he would faine have set, and settled 
himself in the sadole, yet could he doe no other but stand, 
or leave the arme behind. There was many a wish for 
Amadis his sword, against which no inchantment whatso- 
ever could prevaile : there succeeded the malediction of his 
fates ; there the exaggerating of the want that the world 
should have of his presence, all the while hee abode in- 
chaunted (as hee inndlibly beleeved hee was) in that place. 
There he anew remembred his beloved Lady, Dulcinea of 
Toboso : There did hee call oft enough on his good Squire 
Sancho Pan9a, who intombed in the bowels of sleepe, and 
stretched along on the pannell of his Asse, did dreame, at 
that instant, but little of the mother that bore him. There 
he invoked the wise men, Lirgandeo and Alquife, to helpe 
him : and finally, the morning did also there overtake him, 
so full of despaire and confusion, as hee roared like a Bull ; 
for he had no hope that by day light any cure could be 
found for his care, which he deemed would be everlasting, 
because he fully accounted himselfe inchaunted; and was 
the more induced to thinke so, because he saw that Rozi- 
nante did not move little nor much : and therefore he sup- 
posed, that both he and his horse should abide in that state 
without eating, drinking, or sleeping, untill that either the 
malignant influence of the Starres were passed, or some 
greater Inchanter had disenchaunted him. 

But he deceived himselfe much in his beleefe : for scarce 

S02 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

did the day begin to peepe, when there arrived foure horse- CHAPTER 
men to the Inne dore, very well appointed, and having XVI 
their snaphaunces hanging at the pomell of their saddles, Wherin is 
they called at the Inne dore (which yet stood shut) and J|founted the 
knocked very hard ; which being perceived by Don-Quixote ^^ i^kev 
from the place where he stood Centinell, he said with a very with other 
lowd and arrogant voice. Knights or Squires, or whatsoever strange 
else ye bee, you are not to knocke any more at the gates of ff y^,^*"r^ 
that Castle, seeing it is evident, that at such houres as this, ^I j ^ ^ 
either they which are within, doe repose them, or else are 
not wont to open Fortresses untill Phoebus hath spread his 
beames over the earth: therefore stand backe, and expect 
till it bee cleare day, and then we will see whether it be 
just or no, that they open their gates unto you. What a 
Divell, what Castle or Fortresse is this, quoth one of them, 
that it should bind us to use all those circumstances? if 
thou beest the Inkeeper, command that the dore be opened ; 
for we are travailers, that will tarry no longer then to bait 
our horses, and away, for we ride in post hast. Doth it 
seeme to you, Grentlemen, quoth Don-Quixote, that I looke 
like an Inne-keeperP I know not what thou lookest like, 
answered the other, but well I know that thou speakest 
madly, in calling this Inne a Castle. It is a Castle, replyed 
Don-Quixote, yea and that one of the best in this Province, 
and it hath people within it which have had a Scepter in 
hand, and a crown on their head : It were better said quite 
contrarie, replyed the traveller, the Scepter on the head, and 
the Crowne m the hand. But perhaps (and so it may well 
be) there is some company of Players within, who doe very 
usually hold the Scepters, and weare those crownes whereof 
thou talkest : for in such a paultry Inne as this is, and where 
I heare so little noise, I cannot beleeve any one to be lodged, 
worthy to weare a crowne, or beare a scepter. Thou knowest 
but little of the world, replied Don-Quixote, seeing thou 
dost so much ignore the chances that are wont to befall in 
Chivalry. The fellowes of him that entertained this prolixe 
dialogue with Don-Quixote, waxed weary to heare them 
speak idlely so long together, and therfore turned again 
to knocke with great fury at the doore, and that in such 

SOS 



■drenturM 
be&Inein 
the Inns. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ue. 

CHAPTER Boit, as tbev not onlj waked the Inkeeper, but also all the 

XVI guests : ana so he arose to demaund their pleasure. 
Wherinis In the meane while it hapned, that one of the hones 

"?^^*«** *''" whereon they rode, drew neere to smell Bozinante, that 
irfv^i.'L melancholy and sadly with his eares cast downe, did sus- 
tayne without moving bis out-stretched Lord : and he 
beinff indeed of desh and bloud, although bee resembled a 
blocite of wood, could not choose but feele it, and tume to 
smell him againe, who had thus come to cherish and enter- 
taine him : and scarce had he stirred but a thought from 
thence, when Don-Quixotes feete, that were joyned, slipt 
asunder, and tumbling irom the saddle, had doubtlesly fahie 
to the ground, had he not remayned hanging by the arme : 
a thing that caused him to indure so much paine, as he 
verily oeleeved that either his wrist was a cutting, or his 
arme a tearing off from his body : and he bung so neare to 
the ground, as he touched it with the tops of his toes ; all 
which turned to his prejudice; for having felt the little 
which he wanted to the setting of his fee^ wholly on the 
earth, hee laboured and drew ^ that he might to reach it ; 
much like unto those that get the Strapado, with the condi- 
tion to touch or not to touch ; who are themselves a cause to 
increase their owne torture, by the earaestnesse wherewith 
they stretch themselves ; deceived by the hope they 
have to touch the ground if they can stretch 
themselves but a little further. 



IT] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 




CHAPTER XVII 

Wherin are prosecuted the wonderfull adven- 
tures of the Inne. 

many were the outciyea wliich Don-Quixote 
mftde, u the Inne-keeper opened the dore 
very hastily and affrighted, to see who it 
was that so roared : and those that stood 
without did also the same. Maritomes, 
whom the cryes had also awaked, imagin- 
ing straight what it might he, went into 
the bame, and un perceived of any, loosed 
the halter that sustained Don-Quixote, and forthwith hee 
fell to the ground in the presence of the Inkeeper and 
the travellers ; who comming towardes him, demaunded the 
occasion why he did so unmeasurably roare? he without 
making any answere, tooke off the halter from his wrest, 
and getting up, he leaped upon Rozinante, imbraced his 
target, set his launce into the wrest, and wheeling about 
a good part of the field, returned with a halfe gallop, 
saying: whosoever shall dare to affirme that I have not 
beene with just title inchaunted : if my I^ady the Princesse 
Micomicona will give me leave to doe it, I say that he 
lies, and I doe presently challenge him to single combat. 
The new travailers were amazed at Don-Quixotes words, but 
the Host removed that wonder by informing them what 
hee was, and that they should make no account of his words, 
for the man was bereft of his wits : then they demanded 
of the Inkeeper, if there had arrived to his Inne, a young 
Stripling of some fifteene yeeres old or thereabouts, apparelled 
like a horsebov, and having such and such markes and 
tokens : and tnen gave the very signes of Donna Claras 
lover. The Host made answer that there were so many 
people in his Inne as hee had taken no notice of him 
for whom they demaunded. But one of them having seene 

205 



CHAPTER 
XVII 

Wherin are 
prosecuted 
the wonder- 
full adven- 
tures of the 
Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

the Coach wherein the ludge came, said : questionlesly he 
must be here, for this is the Coach that they say, he hath 
followed: let therefore one of us remayne at the dore, 
and the rest enter to seeke him out. Yea and it will not 
be from the purpose, if one of us ride about without the 
Inne, lest he should make an escape from us by the wals 
of the yard. We will doe so, said another of them, and 
thus two of them entred into the house, one staied at the 
dore, and the other did compasse the Inne about. The In- 
keeper beheld all, but coula never judee aright the reason 
why they used all this diligence, although he easily beleeved 
that they sought for the youth whose markes they had told 
unto him. 

By this the day was growen deere, and as well by reason 
thereof, as through the outcries of Don -Quixote, all the 
strangers were awake, and did get up, especially both the 
Ladies Clara and Dorotea: for the one, through feare to 
have her lover so neere, and the other with desire to see 
him, could sleepe but very little all that night. Don- 
Quixote perceiving that none of the foure travellers made 
any account of him, or answered his challenge, was ready to 
burst with wrath and despite : and if he could any wise have 
found that it was tollerated by the statutes of Chivalry, that 
a Enieht Errant miffht have lawfully undertaken any enter- 
prize, having pUffhtfed] his word and faith, not to attempt 
any, until he nad finished that which he had first promised, 
he would have assailed them all, and made them maugre 
their teeth to have answered him. But because it seemed 
to him not so expedient nor honourable, to begin any new 
adventure, untill he had installed Micomicona in her King- 
dome, he was forced to be quiet, expecting to see wher- 
unto the indeavours and diligence of those foure travellers 
tended : the one whereof found out the youth that hee 
searched, asleepe by another Lackey, little dreaming that 
any bodie did looke for him ; and much lesse would finde 
him out thus. The man drew him by the arme, and said, 
truely, Don Lewis, the habit that you weare £uiswers very 
well your calling, and the bedde whereon you lie, the care 
and tendemesse wherewith your mother did nurse you: 

S06 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the youth hereat rubM his drowsie eyes, and beheld very CHAPTER 

leisurely him that did hold him fast, and knew him forth- ^^H 

with to be one of his fathers servants ; wherat he was so Wherin are 

amazed as he could not speake a word for a great while : prosecuted 

and the Sendngman continuing his speech, said. Here fuU Idven^" 

is nothing else to be done, Lord Lewis, but that you be tures of the 

patient and depart againe with us towards home, if you Inne. 

be not pleased to have your father and my Lord depart 

out of this world to the other, for no lesse may be expected 

from the woe wherein he rests for your abisence. Why, 

how did my father know, said Don Liewis, that I came this 

way, and m this habit ? A Student, answered the other, 

to whom you bewrayed your intention, did discover it, 

moved through the compassion he tooke to heare your 

fathers lamentations when he found you missing: and so 

he dispatcht foure of his men in your search, and we are 

all at your service, more joyfull then may be imagined, 

for the good dispatch wherewithall we shall retume, and 

carie you to his sight, which doth love you so much. That 

shall be as I please, or heaven will dispose, said Don Lewis. 

What would you please, or what should heaven dispose of 

other, then that you agree to retume; for certainly you 

shall not do the contrary, nor is it possible you should P 

All these reasons that passed betweene them both, did the 

Lackey that lay by Don Lewis here, and arising from 

thence, he went and told all that passed to Don Fernando, 

Cardenio, and all the rest that were gotten up. To whom 

he tolde how the man gave the title of Don to the boy, 

and recounted the speech he used, and how he would have 

him retume to his fathers house : which the youth refused 

to doe. Whereupon, and knowing already what a good 

voyce the heavens had given him, they greatly desired to 

be more particularly informed what he was : and intended 

also to helpe him, if any violence were offered unto him, 

and therefore went unto the place where he was, and stood 

contending with his servant. 

Dorotea issued by this out of her chamber, and in her 
companie Donna Clara, all perplexed. Dorotea calling 
Cardenio aside, told unto him succinctly all the historie 

807 



CHAPTER 
XVII 

Wherin are 
prosecuted 
the wonder- 
fiill adven- 
tures of the 
Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

of the Musitian, and Donna Clara: and he rehearsed to 
her againe all that passed of the Servingmens arrival that 
came in his pursuit, 'which he did not speake so low, but 
that Donna Clara over-heard him, whereat she indured such 
alteration, as she had falne to the ground, if Dorotea 
running towards her, had not held her up. Cardenio in- 
treated Dorotea to returne with the other to her chamber, 
and he would endeavour to bring the matter to some good 
passe, which they presently performed. The foure that 
were come in Don Lewis his search were by this all of 
them entred into the Inne, and had compassed him about, 
perswading him that he would, cutting off all delayes, 
returne to comfort his father. He answered that he could 
not doe it in any sort, untill he had finished an adventure, 
which imported him no lesse then his life, his honour, and 
his soule. The servants urged him then saying, that they 
would in no sort goe backe without him, and therefore 
would Carrie him home, whether he would or no. That 
shall not you doe, quoth Don Lewis, if it be not that you 
carrie me home dead: and in this season all the other 
Grentlemen were come into the contention, but chiefly 
Cardenio, Don Fernando and his Comaradas, the ludge, 
the Curate, and the Barber, and Don-Quixote; for now 
it seemed to him needlesse to guard the Castle any more. 
Cardenio, who knew already the History of the Youth, 
demaunded of those that would carie him away, what reason 
did move them to seeke to take that Ladde away against 
his will ? We are moved unto it, answered one of them, 
by this reason that we shall therby save his fathers life, 
who for the absence of this Grentleman is in danger to 
loose it. To this said Don Lewis, it is to no end to make 
relation of mine affaires here. I am free, and will returne 
if I please : and if not, no one shall constraine me to doe 
it perforce. Reason shall constraine you good Sir to doe 
it, QUoth the man, and when that cannot prevaile with you, 
it snail with us, to put that in execution for which we be 
come, and which [wej are bound to doe. Let us know this 
affaire from the beginning, said the ludge then to those 
men : Sir, quoth one of them, who knew him very well, as 
808 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

his Masters next neighbour : Master lustice, doth not your CHAPTER 
worship know this Grentleman, who is your neighbours sonne, XVII 
and hath absented himselfe from his fathers house in an Wherinare 
habite so undecent and discrepant from his calling, as you prosecuted 
may perceive ? The ludge beheld him then somewhat more ?*?, TJ^^®*^" 
attentively, knew him, and imbracing of him, said. What ^^^^ ^^^^ 
toyes are these, Don Lewis, or what cause hath beene of inne. 
efncacie sufficient to move you to come away in this manner 
and attyre, which answers your calling so ill ? The teares 
stucke then in the«young Grentlemans eyes, and hee could 
not answere a word to the ludge, who bade the foure 
Servingmen appease themselves, for all things should bee 
done to their satisfaction, and then taking Don Lewis 
apart, hee intreated him to tell him the occasion of that 
his departure. 

Ana whilest hee made this £uid other demaunds to the 
Grentleman, they heard a great noise at the Inne doore; 
the cause whereof was, that two guests which had line 
there that night, seeing all the people busied to leame the 
cause of the foure horsemens comming, had thought to 
have made an escape soot-free, without defraying their ex- 
pences: but the Inkeeper who attended his owne affiures 
with more diligence then other mens did stay them at their 
going forth, and demaunded his money, upbraiding their 
dishonest resolution with such words, as moved them to 
retume him an answere with their fists, which they did 
so roundly, as the poore Host was compelled to raise the 
crie, and demaund succour. The Hostesse and her daughter 
could see no man so free from occupation as Don-Quixote, 
to whom the daughter said, I request you, Sir Knight, by 
the vertue that God hath given you to succour my poore 
father, whom two badde men are grinding like come. To 
this Don-Quixote answered very leisurely, and with great 
gravitie; BeautifuU damzell, your petition cannot prevaile 
at this time, for as much as I am hmdred from undertaking 
any other 6ulventure, untill I have finished one wherein my 
promise hath ingaged me ; and all that I can now doe in 
your Service, is, that which I shall say now unto you : run 
unto your father, and bid him continue and maintaine his 

S:DD a09 



CHAPTER 
XVII 

Wherin are 
prosecuted 
the wonder- 
full adven- 
tures of the 
Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

conflict manfully, the best that hee may, untill I demaund 
license of the Princesse Micomicona, to helpe him out of 
his distresse; for if she will give it unto me, you may make 
ful account that hee is delivered. Sinner that I am (quoth 
Maritomes, who was by and heard what he said) before 
you shall be able to obtaine that license, of which you 
speake, my Master will be departed to the other world. 
Worke you so. Lady, quoth Don-Quixote, that I may have 
the licence ; for so that I may have it, it will make no great 
matter, whether he bee in the other world or no : for even 
from thence would I bring him backe againe, in despight of 
the other world it selfe, if it durst contradict me: or at 
least wise I will take such a revenge of those that doe send 
him to the other world, as you shall remaine more then 
meanely contented : and so without replying any more, he 
went, and fell on his knees before Dorotea, demanding of 
her in Ejiiffhtly and errant Phrases, that she would deime 
to licence him to goe and succour the Constable of that 
Castle, who was then plunged in a deepe distresse : The 
Princesse did grknt him leave very willingly, and he pre- 
sently buckling on his Target, and laying hands on his 
Sword, ranne to the Inne dore, where yet the two guests 
stood handsomly tugging the Inkeeper. But as soone as 
he arrived, he stopt and stood still, although Maritomes and 
the Hostesse demaunded of him twice or thrice the cause 
of his restinesse, in not assisting her Lord and husband. I 
stay, quoth Don-Quixote, because according to the lawes of 
armes, it is not permitted to me to lay hand to my Sword 
against Squire-like men that are not dubbed Knights. But 
call to me here my Squire Sancho, for this defence and 
revenge conoemes him, as his duety. This passed at the 
Inne dore, where fists and blowes were interchangeably 
given and taken in the best sort, although to the Inkeepers 
cost, and to the rage and griefe of Maritomes, the Hostesse 
and her daughter, who were like to runne wood, beholding 
Don-Quixotes cowardise, and the mischiefe their Master, 
husband, and father endured. But here let us leave them ; 
for there shall not want one to succour him, or if not, let 
him su£Per; and all those that wittingly undertake things 
ftlO 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

beyond their power and force : and let us tume backward to CHAPTER 
heare that wmch Don-Lewis answered the ludge, whom we XVII 
left somewhat apart with him, demaunding the cause of his Wherin are 
comming a foot, and in so base array : to which the Youth Prosecuted 
wringing him hard by the hands, as an argument that some SuXen-'" 
extraordinary griefe pinched his heart, and shedding many turesof the 
teares, answered in this manner. Inne. 

I know not what else I may tell you deere Sir, but that 
from the instant that heaven made us neighbours, and that 
I saw Donna Clara, your daughter and my Ladie, I made 
her commaundresse of my will ; and if yours, my true Lord 
and Father, doe not hinder it, she snail be my Spouse 
this very day. For her sake have I abandoned my Fathers 
house, and for her I did on this attire, to follow her 
wheresoever she went, as the arrow doth the marke, or 
the marriner the north starre; she is, as yet, no further 
acquainted with my desires, then as much as she might 
understand some times, by the teares which she saw mme 
eyes distill a farre off. Now Sir, you know the riches and 
nobilitie of my discent, and how I am my fathers sole 
heire, and if it seeme unto you that these be conditions, 
whereupon you may venture to make mee throughly happy, 
accept of me presently for your sonne in law : for if my 
father, borne away by others his designes, shall not like so 
well of this good which I have sought out for niy selfe, yet 
time hath more force to undoe, and change the affaires, then 
mens wils : heere the amorous Gentleman held his peace, 
and the ludge remained astonied as well at the grace and 
discretion wherewith Don Lewis had discovered his affections 
unto him, as also to see himselfe in such a passe, that as he 
knew not what course he might best take in so sodaine, and 
unexpected a matter : and therefore hee answered no other 
thing at that time, but onely badde him to settle his minde, 
and entertaine the time with his servants, and deale with 
them, to expect that day, because he might have leasure 
to consider what might be most convenient for all. Don 
Lewis did kisse his hands perforce, and did bathe them with 
teares, a thing able to moove a heart of Marble, and much 
more the ludges, who (as a wise man) did presently perceive, 

«11 



CHAPTER 
XVII 

Wherinare 
prosecuted 
the wonder- 
full adven- 
ture! of the 
Inne. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

how benefidall and honourable was that preferment for his 
daughter : although hee could have wished, if it had beene 
possible to effect it with the consent of Don Lewis his 
Father, who he knew did purpose to have his sonne made 
a Noble man of Title. 

By this time, the Inkeeper and his guests had aereed, 
having paid him all that they ought more by Don-Quixotes 
perswasion, and good reasons, then by any menaces. And 
Don Lewis his servants expected the end of the ludges 
discourse, and his resolution: when the divel (who never 
sleeps) would have it, at that very time entred into the 
Inne, the Barber from whom Don-Quixote tooke away the 
Helmet of Mambrino, and Sancho Panca the furniture of 
the Asse, wherof he made an exchange for his owne : which 
Barber leading his Beast to the stable, saw Sancho Panfa, 
who was menmng some part of the pannell : and as soone as 
he had eyed him, he knew him, and presently set upon 
Sancho, sajdng ; A Sir Theefe have I found you heere with 
all the furniture, whereof you robd mee ? Sancho that saw 
himselfe thus assaulted unexpectedly, and had heard the 
disgraceful termes which the other used, laying fast hold 
on the pannell with the one hand, gave the Barber such a 
buffet with the other, as he bathed all his teeth in bloud : 
but yet for all that, the Barber held fast his gripe of the 
pannell, and therewithall cried out so loud, as all those 
that were in the house came to the noyse, and conflict, and 
he said, I call for the King and lustioe, for this theefe and 
robber by the high w€Lies goeth about to kill me, because 
I seeke to recover mine owne goods. Thou liest, quoth 
Sancho, for I am not a robber by the hi^h waies ; for my 
Lord Don-Quixote wonne those spoyles m a good warre. 
By this time Don-Quixote himselfe was come thither, not a 
little proud to see how well his Sauire defended himselfe, 
and offended his adversary, and tnerefore hee accounted 
him from thenceforth to be a, man of valour, and purposed 
in his minde to dubbe him Knight, on the first occasion 
that should be offered, because hee thought that the Order 
of Elnighthood would be well imployed by him. 

Among other things that the Barber said in the dis- 
812 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

course of his contention, this was one: Sirs, this pannell CHAPTER, 
is as certainly mine, as the death which I owe unto God, XWll 
and I know it as well as if I had bred it, and there is my ^Vlierin are 
Asse in the Stable, who will not permit me to tell a lie : or ST^"**^^^ 
otherwise do but trie the pannell on him, and if it fit him fufi^ye^ 
not justly, I am content to remaine infamous: and I can turesofthe 
say more, that the very day wherein they tooke my pannell Inne. 
from mee, they robbed mee likewise of a new brazen Baseu, 
which was never used, and cost mee a crowne. Here Don- 
Quixote could no longer containe himselfe from speaking, 
and so thrusting himselfe betweene them two, and putting 
them asunder, and causing the pannell to be laid publikely 
on the ground, untill the truth were decided, he said ; To 
the end that you may perceive the cleere and manifest error, 
wherein this good Squire lives, see how hee cals that a basen, 
which is, was, and shall bee the Helmet of Mambrino, which 
I tooke away perforce from him in faire warre, and made 
my selfe Lord therof, in a lawfiill and warlike manner. 
Alxiut the pannell I will not contend, for that which I can 
say therein is, that my Squire Sancho demaunded leave of 
me, to take away the furniture of this vanquished cowards 
horse, that he miffht adome his own withall : I gave him 
authoritie to doe it, and he tooke them : and for his con- 
verting thereof from a Horses furniture into a pannell, I 
can give none other reason then the ordinarie one, to wit, 
that such transformations are usually seene in the successes 
of chivalry : for confirmation whereof, friend Sancho, runne 
speedily, and bring mee out the helmet, which this good 
man avoucheth to be a basen: by my faith Sir, quoth 
Sancho, if we have no better proofe of our intention, then 
that which you say, I say that the helmet of Mambrino, is 
as arrant a l)ason, as this TOodmans furniture is a pannell. 
Doe what I commaund, said Don-Quixote : I cannot beleeve 
that all the things in this Castle will be guided by enchant- 
ment. Sancho went for the basen, and broueht it : and as 
soone as Don-Quixote saw it, he tooke it in his hands and 
said: See Sirs, with what face can this impudent Squire 
aflirme, that this is a basen, and not the nelmet that I 
have mentioned : and I sweare to you all by the order of 

21S 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER Knighthood which I professe, that this is the veir same 
^^n helmet whidi I wonne from him, without having added or 
Wherin tn taken any thing from it That it is questioolesse, quoth 
^owcutod Sancho : for since the time that my Lord wonne it until! 
fiiUadven-' °°^* ^^ never fought but one battell with it, when he 
tnrMoftlie delivered the unlucky chained men; and but for thb 
Inne. Basen-Helmet, he had not escaped so free as hee 

did, so thicke a showre of stones rained 
all the time of that conflict. 



CHAPTER XVIII 

Wherdn are decided the controverses of the 

Helmet of Mambrinus, and of the pan- 

nell, with other strange and most 

true adventures. 

nIOOD Sirs quoth the Barber, what do vou 
'' thinke of that which is affirmed by these 
Gentlemen, who yet contend that this is 
not a basen, but a helmet? He that 
shall say the contrary, quoth Don- 
Quixote, I will make him know that hee 
lies, if he be a Knight; and if he be 
but a Squire, that he lies and lies ogaine 
a thousand times. Our Barber, who was also present as one 
that knew Don-Quixotes humour very wel, would fortifie 
his folly, and make the jest passe yet a little farther, to 
the end that they all mignt laugh : and therefore speaking 
to the other Barher, he said. Sir Barber, or what else you 
please, know that I am also of your occupation, and have 
nad my writ of examination and approbation in that trade 
more then these thirty yeares, and am one that knowes very 
well all the Instruments of Barbery whatsoever ; and have 
beene besides in my youthful! daies, a souldier, and doe 
814 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

therefore likewies know what is a helmet, and what a mor- CHAPTER 
rion, and what a close Castle, and other things touching XVIII 
warfare, I meane, all the kind of armes that a souldier MHierin 
ought to have : and therefore I say, (still submitting my *f ® decided 
selfe to the better opinion) that this peece, which is laid verei'^S^e 
heere before us, and which this good Knight holdes in his Helmet of 
hand, not onely is not ^ Barbars basan, but also is so farre Mambrinus, 
from being one, as is white fit)m blacke, or veritie from *°^ ®^,^®. , 
untruth, yet doe I withall affirme, that although it is an E su^ 
helmet, ^et it is not a compleate helmet. No truly, quoth hq^ mwt^iie 
Don-Quixote, for it wants the halfe, to wit, the neather part, adventures, 
and the beaver. It is very true, quoth the Curate, who very 
well understood his friend the Barber his intention ; and 
the same did Cardenio, Don Fernando, and his fellowes 
confirme : yea and even the ludge himselfe, had not Don 
Lewis his affaire perplexed his thoughts, would for his part 
have holpen the lest well forward. But the eamestnesse of 
that affaire held his minde so busied, as he little or nothing 
attended the pastime. Lord have mercy upon me, quoth 
the other Barber, then halfe beside himselfe, and is it pos- 
sible that so many Honourable men should say that this 
is no bason, but a helmet ? this is a thing able to strike 
admiration into a whole Vniversitie, how cnscreet soever it 
were : tis enough, if this basen must needes be a helmet, 
the pannell must also bee a horses Furniture, as this Grentle- 
man sayes. To mee it seemes a pannell, quoth Don-Quixote, 
but as I have said, I will not meddle with it, nor deter- 
mine whether it be a pannell or the capparison of a horse. 
Therein is nothing else to be done, said the Curate, but 
that Sir Don-Quixote say it once ; for in these matters of 
Chivalrie, all these Noblemen, and my selfe, doe give unto 
him the pricke, and the price. I sweare unto you by love, 
good Sirs, quoth Don-Quixote, that so many and so strange 
are the things which have befallen me in tiiis Castle, these 
two times that I have lodged therein, as I dare avouch nothing 
affirmatively of any thing that shall be demaunded of me 
concerning the things contayned in it, for I doe in&llibly 
imagine, that all the adventures which passe in it, are 
guided by inchauntment : the first time, I was very much 

816 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["«. 

CHAPTER vexed by an inchaunted Moore, that ia in it : and Sancho 

3^111 himaelfe sped not very well with the Mooree followeiB : and 

WleriD yesternight I stood haneing almost two houres apace by this 

ur* decided arme, without knowing now, or how that disgrace befell me ; 

vudMofthe '° ^B,t for me to medle now in so confused and difficult 

Helmet of ^ matter, aa to deliver mine opinion, were to passe a rash 

Hambiinusj judgement: So that they which say that this is a bason, 

ind of the and no helmet, I have already made answere ; but whether 

oQiH (tamnoe ^^'* ^'^^ * pannell, or furniture, I dare pronounce no defini- 

Bodmocttrue ^^^ sentence, but only remit it to your discreet opinions: 

adventures, perhaps, because you are not dubbra Knights as I am, the 

mcfaauntments of this place will have no power over you, and 

your understandings snail be free, and able to judge of the 

things in this Castle really, and truly, and not as uey seem 

unto me. Doubtlesse, quoth Don Fernando, Don-Quixote 

saies very well, that the definition of this case belongs unto 

us; and therefore, and because wee may proceede in it upon 

the better and more solid grounds, I will secretly take the 

suffrages of all those Gentlemen, and afterwards make a 

cleare and full relation of what shall come of them. 

To those that knew Don-Quixote his humour, this was 
a matter of marvailous laughter, and sport ; but to such 
as were not acquainted therewithal!, it seemed the greatest 
folly of the World, especially to Don Lewis, and bis foure 
servants, and with other three passengers that had arrived 
by chance to the Inne, and seemed to be troupers of the 
holy Brotherhood, as indeede they were : but he that was 
most of all beside himselfe for wrath, was the Barber, 
whose basen th^ had transformed before his owne face into 
the helmet of Mambrino, and whose pannell he made full 
account should likewise be turned into the rich furniture, 
and eqiupage of a great horse. All of them laughed hartily, 
to see Don Fernando goe up and downe, taking the suffrages 
of this man and that, and rounding eveiy one of them in 
the care, that thev might declare in secret whether that was 
a pannell or a furniture, for which such deadly conten- 
tion had passed. After that bee had taken the suffragea 
of so many as knew Don-Quixote, he said very lowdly, 'Hie 
truth is, good fellow, that I grow weary of demaunding so 
S16 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

many opinions ; for I can no sooner demaund of any man CHAPTER 
what I desire to know, but they forthwith answere me, XVIII 
how it is meere madnesse to affirme, that this is the pannell Wherein 
of an Asse, but rather the furniture of a Horse, yea and of ?f® ^^^^ 
a chiefs horse of service ; and therefore you must have ver8i«rof the 
patience : for in despite both of you and of your Asse, and Helmet of 
notwithstanding your weake allegations and worse prooves, Mambrinus, 
it is, and will continue the furniture of a great horse. Let *°^ of the 
me never injoy a place in heaven, quoth the Barber, if you oSw^atoanw 
all be not deceived; and so may my soule appeare before and most true 
Grod, as it appeares to mee to be a pannell, and no horse- adventures, 
furniture : but the law carries it away, and so fare well it : 
and vet surely I am not drunke ; for unlesse it be by sinning, 
my last hath not beene broken this day. 

The follies which the Barber uttered, stirred no lesse 
laughter among them, then did the rorings of Don-Quixote, 
who then spoke in this manner : here is now no more to be 
done, but that every man take up his owne goods, and to 
whom Grod hath given them, let S! Peter give his blessing. 
Then said one of the foure Servingmen, if this were not a 
jest premeditated, and made of purpose, I could not per- 
swade my selfe, that men of so good understanding as al 
these are, or seeme to be, should dare to say, and affirme, 
that this is not a basen, nor that a pannell : but seeing 
that they averre it so constantly, I have cause to suspect, 
that it cannot bee without mystery to affirme a thing so 
contrary to that which very truth it selfe and experience 
demonstrate unto us : for I doe vow (and saying so he rapt 
out a round oath or two) that as many as are in the world, 
should never make me beleeve that this is no basen, nor that 
no pannell of a hee Asse : it might as well bee of a shee 
Asse, quoth the Curate : that comes all but to one, replied 
the other ; for the question consists not therein, but whether 
it be a pannell or not, as you doe avouch ? Then one of the 
Troupers of the holy Brotherhood (who had listned to their 
disputation, and was growne full of choler to heare such an 
errour maintayned) said : it is as very a pannell, as my father 
is my father ; and hee that hath said, or shall say the con- 
trary, is, I beleeve, turned into a grape. Thou lyest like 

8 : EE 817 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER a clownish knave, quoth Don-Quixote, and lifting up his 

^^^11 lavelin, which he alwayes held in his hand, hee discharged 

Wherein such a blow at the Troupers pate, as if hee had not avoiaed, 

are decided j^ would have throwen him to the ground: the laveline 

^raies^oftiie ^^ broken by the force of the fall into splinters ; and the 

Helmet of other Troupers, seeing their fellow so misused, cried out for 

Mambrinus^ helpe, and assistance for that holy Brotherhood: the In- 

and of the keeper, who also was one of the same fraternity, ranne in 

and most^^ ^^^ fellowes. Don Lewis his foure servants compassed him 
adventores. about, lest he should attempt to escape whilst the tumult 

indured. The Barber seeing all the house turned upside- 
downe, laid hand againe upon his pannell, and the same did 
Sancho. 

Don-Quixote set hand to his Sword, and assaulted the 
Troupers : Don Lewis cryed to his Servingmen, that they 
should leave him, and goe to helpe Don-Quixote, Cardenio, 
and Don Fernando ; for all of them tooke Don-Quixotes 

Sart. The Curate cryed out, the Hostesse shrieked, her 
aughter squeaked, Maritomes howled, Dorotea stood con- 
fused, Luscinda amazed, and Donna Clara dismayed : the 
Barber battered Sancho, and Sancho pounded him againe. 
Don Lewis, on whom one of his Servingmen had presumed 
to lay hands, and hold him by the arme, gave him such a 
pash on the mouth, as hee broke his teetn, and then the 
ludge tooke him into his owne protection. Don Fernando 
had gotten one of the Troupers under his feete, where he 
stood belabouring him at his pleasure. The Inkeeper re- 
newed his outcry, and reinforced his voice, demaunding aide 
for the holy Brotherhood: So that all the Inne seemed 
nothing else but plaints, cryes, schritches, confusions, feares, 
dreades, disgraces, slashes, buffets, blowes, spumings, and 
effusion of bloud. 

In the midst of this Chaos, and Labyrinth of things, Don- 
Quixote beganne to imagine, and fancie to himselfe, that 
he was at that very time plunged up to the eares in the 
discord, and conflict of Kmg Agramante his camp; and 
therefore he said with a voice that made all the Inne to 
tremble. All of you hold your hands, all of you put up 
218 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

your swords, all of you be quiet, and listen to mee if any CHAPTER 
of you desire to continue alive : That great and monstrous XVIII 
voice made them all stand still : thereupon he thus pro- Wherein 
ceeded ; did not I tell you, Sirs, that this Castle was in- Jf ® decided 
chaunted, and that some legion of Divels did inhabit it? ver8i(M°of the 
in confirmation whereof I would have you but to note with Helmet of 
your owne eyes, how the very discord of King Agramants Mambrinus, 
camp is transferred hither, and passed ever among us: '"^^^^f^® 
looke how there they fight for the sword, here for the JSIS-^^^ 
horse, yonder for the Ea^le, beyond for the helmet ; and and mo^^Le 
all of us fight, and none of us know for what. Come there- adventures, 
fore you Master lustice, and you Master Curate, and let 
the one represent King Agramant, and the other King 
Sobrino, and make peace and atonement among us : for I 
sweare by almighty love, that it is great wrong and pitty, 
that so many Noblemen, as we are here, should be slaine for 
so slight causes. 

The Troupers, which did not understand Don-Quixotes 
manner of speech, and saw themselves very ill handled by 
Don Femanao and Cardenio, would in no wise be pacified ; 
But the Barber was content, by reason that in the conflict 
both his beard and his pannell had beene tome in pieces. 
Sancho to his Masters voyce was quickly obedient, as became 
a dutifull servant. Don Lewis his foure Servingmen stood 
also quiet, seeing how litle was gained in being other: 
onely the Inkeeper persisted as before, afiirming that punish- 
ment was due unto the insolencies of that mad man, who 
every foot confounded and disquieted his Inne. Finally, 
the rumor was pacified for that time ; the pannell remained 
for a horse furniture untill the day of judgment ; the 
bason for a helmet, and the Inne for a Castle in Don- 
Quixotes imagination. All the broiles being now appeased, 
and all men accorded by the ludges and Curates perswa- 
sions ; Then began Don Lewis his servants againe to urge 
him to depart with them : and whilest he and they debated 
the matter together, the ludge communicated the whole to 
Don Fernando, Cardenio, and the Curate desiring to know 
their opinions concerning that affaire, and telling them all 
that Don Lewis had said unto him ; whereupon they agreed, 

219 



i 

• 



i 



I 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER that Don Fernando should tell the Servingmen what he 
XVin himselfe was, and how it was his pleasure that Don Lewis 
Wherem should eoe with him to Andaluzia, where he should be 
are decided cherished, and accounted of by the Marquesse his brother, 
wsiM^of the fi^ccordinff unto his calling and deserts : for he knew well Don 
Helmet of Lewis his resolution to be such, as he would not retume 
Mambrinus^ into his fathers presence at that time, although they tore 
and of the jjim into pieces. Don Fernando his quality, and Don Lewis 
^OT stan^ ^^^ intention beeing understood by the foure, they agreed 
' and most true ftmong themselves, that three of them should eoe backe, to 

adventures, beare the tidines of all that had passed to his father, and 

the other should abide there to attend on him, and never to 
> leave him untill they returned to fetch him home, or knew 

what else his father would commaund. And in this sort was 
that monstrous bulke of division and contention, reduced 
to some forme by the authoritie of Agramant, and the wise- 
« dome of King Sobrino. 

But the enemy of concord, and the adversary of peace, 

finding his projects to be thus illuded, and condemnea, and 

I ' seeing the little fruite he had gotten by setting them all by 

i - the eares, resolved once againe to trie his wits, and stirre 

! ' up new discords and troubles, which befell in this manner : 

The Troupers were quieted, having understood the calling 
of those with whom they had contended, and retyred them- 
selves from the brawle, knowing that howsoever the cause 
, succeeded, they themselves should have still the worst end 

of the staiFe: but one of them, who was the very same 
whom Don Fernando had buffeted so well, remembred, how 
among many other warrants which hee had to apprehend 
malefactors, he had one for Don-Quixote, whom the Holy 
brotherhood had commaunded to be apprehended for free- 
ing of the Gally-slaves (a disaster whicn Sancho had before 
hand with very great reason feared.) As soone as he re- 
membred it, hee would needes trie whether the signes that 
were given him of Don-Quixote, did agree with his person : 
and so taking out of his bosome a scroule of Parchment, hee 
presently found out that which he looked for ; and reading 
it a while very leisurely, as one that was himselfe no great 
Clerk, at every other word he looked on Don-Quixote, and 
«20 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

confronted the markes of his warrant with those of Don- CHAPTER 
Quixotes face, and found that he was infallibly the man XVIII 
that was therein mentioned : and scarce was he perswaded Wherein 
that it was hee, when folding up his parchment, and holding ^ decided 
the warrant in his left hand, he laid nolde on Don-Quixotes vereiw^oftiie 
choUer with the riffht so strongly, as he could hardly breath : Helmet of 
and cried out aloude, saying, Aide for the Holy Brotherhood : Mambrinus^ 
and that you may perceive how I am in good earnest, reade *^^ of the 
that warrant, wherein you shall finde, that this robber by the Pfj^^,^^ 
high way side is to be apprehended. The Curate tooke the and most true 
warrant, and perceived very well that the Trouper said true, adventurw. 
and that the markes agreed very neere with Don-Quixotes ; 
who seeing himselfe so abused by that base rascall, as he ac- 
counted him, his choler being mounted to her height, and all 
the bones of his body crashing for wrath, he seised as well 
as he could, with both his hands on the Troupers throate, 
and that in such sort, as if he had not beene speedily 
succoured by his fellowes, he had there left his life, ere Don- 
Quixote would have abandoned his gripe. 

The Inkeeper who of force was to assist his fellow in 
office, forthwith repayred unto his ayde. The Hostesse 
seeing her husband re-enter into contentions and brabbles, 
raysed a new cry, whose burden was borne by her daughter 
and Maritomes, asking succour of heaven and those that 
were present. Sancho seeing all that passed, said ; By the 
Lord, all that my Master hath said of the inchantments of 
this Castle is true ; for it is not possible for a man to live 
quietly in it one houre together. Don Fernando parted 
tne Trouper, and Don-Quixote, and with the good will of 
both, unrastned their holds : but yet the Troupers for all 
this desisted not to require their prisoner, and withall, 
that they should helpe to get him tyed, and absolutely 
rendred unto their wils; for so it was requisite for the 
King and the Holy Brotherhood, in whose name they did 
againe demand their helpe and assistance for the arresting 
of that publik robber and spoyler of people in common 
pathes and high wayes. 

Don-Quixote laughed to heare them speake so idlely, as 
he imagined, and siud with very great gravity, Come hither, 

%X1 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER you filthie base extractions of the dunghill, dare you terme 
XVIII the loosing of the inchained, the freeing of prisoners, the 
Wherein assisting of the wretched, the raising of such as are falne, 
Me decided ^nj ^he supplying of those that are in want ? Dare you 
▼eraiM^ofUie ^^ ^^^ terme these things robbing on the high way? O 
Helmet of infamous brood, worthy for your base and vile conceipt, 
Mambrinus^ that heaven should never communicate with you the vallour 
and of the included in the exercise of Chivalry, wee give you to under- 
oShOT stlranM ***°^ ^^^ sinne and errour whenn you arc, oy not ador- 
and mosV^ie ^^ ^^^ ^^^ shadow, how much more the assistance of a 
adventures. Knight errant ? Come hither O you that be no Troupers, 

but theeves in troupe, and robbers of high waves by permis- 
sion of the Holy brotherhood : Come hither I say, and tell 
me, who was that jolthead that did subscribe or ratifie a 
warrant for the attaching of such a knight as I am ? Who 
was he that knowes not how Knights errant are exempted 
from all Tribunals ? and how that their sword is the law, 
their valour the Bench, and their wils the statutes of their 
Courts ? I say againe, what madman was he that knowes not 
how that no priviledge of Glentry enjoyes so many preemi- 
nences, immunities, and exemptions, as that which a Knight 
errant acquires the day whereip he is dubd, and undertakes 
the rigorous exercise of armes ? What Knight errant did ever 
pay tribute, subsidie, tallage, carriage, or passage over water ? 
what Taylor ever had money for making nis clothes ? What 
Constable ever lodged him in Castle, that made him after 
to pay for the shot ? What King hath not placed him at 
his owne Table ? what Damzell hath not falne in love with 
him, and permitted him to use her as hee liked ? and finally, 
what Knieht errant was there ever, is, or ever shall be m 
the world, which hath not the courage himselfe alone to 
give foure hundred blowes with a cudgell to foure 
hundred troupers, that shall presume to stand 
before him in hostile manner P 



822 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER XIX 

In which is finished the notable adventure of the 

troupers, and the great ferocitie of our good 

Knight Don-Quixote, and how he 

was inchanted. 

HILEST Don-Quixote «ud this, the Curate 
laboured to perswade the troupers, how 
the Knight wa^ distracted, as thev them- 
selves might collect by bis worlces and 
words, and therefore it would be to no 
end to prosecute their designe any further, 
seeing that although they did apprehend 
and cany him away, hee would oe pre- 
seotly delivered againe, as a madman. To this, he that 
bad the warrant made answer, that it concerned him not 
to determine whether be was mad or no, but onely to obey 
and execute his superiours commaund; and that he being 
once prisoner, the; might deliver him three hundred times, 
and if it were their good pleasure : for all that quoth the 
Curate, you may not carry him with you at this time nor, 
as I suppose will he sufier himselfe to be taken. To be 
briefe, the Curate said so much, and Don-Quixote plaid so 
many mad prankes, as the troupers themselves would have 
proved greater fooles then be, if they had not manifestly 
discerned his defect of judgement: and therefore they held 
it to be the best course to let him alone, yea and to be com- 
pounders of peace and amitie betweene Sancho Pan^ and 
the Barber, which still continued their most rancorous and 
deadly contention. Finally they as the officers of lustice, 
did mediate the cause, and were arbiters thereof id such 
sort, as both the parties remained, though not wholy con- 
tented, yet in some sort satisfied, for they onely made them 
exdunge their pannels, but not their gyrts or beadstals. 

ass 



CHAPTER 
XIX 

In wliich is 
finuhed the 
notable ad- 
vsnture of 
the troupen, 
tod thegreit 
ArocHieof 
Onr good 
Kni^t Don- 
Quixote, and 
h«v he WH 
Inchanted. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["k 

As touching Mambrinos helmet, the Curate did unawarea 
to Don-Quixote, give to tha Barber eight reals by it, and 
the Barber gave baclce unto him an acquittance of the 
receit thereof! and an everlasting release of all actions con- 
cerning it. These two diicords which were the most prin- 
cipall, and of most consequraice, being thus accordol, it 
onely rested, that three of Don Lewis his servingmen would 
be content to retume home, and leave the fourth to accom- 
panie his Master whither Don Fernando pleased to carry 
nim. And as good hap and better fortune had already 
begun to breake Lances, and facilitate difficulties, in the 
favour of the Lovers, and worthie persons of the Inne, so 
did it resolve to proceede forward, and give a prosperous 
successe unto all : for the servingmen were content to doe 
whatsoever their master would have them : whereat Donna 
Clara was so cheerfull, as no one beheld her face in that 
season, but might read therein the inward contentment of 
her mind. Zorayda, although she did not verie well under- 
stand all the successes of the things she had teene, yet was 
she interchangeably grieved and cheered according to the 
shewes made oy the rest, but chiefly by her Spanyard ; on 
whom her eyes were alwaies fixed, and ail the aiFects of her 
mind depended. The Inkceper, who did not forget the re- 
compence made by the Curate to the Barber, demaunded of 
him Don-Quixotra expences, and satisfaction for the dam- 
mage he had done to his wine bags, and the losse of his 
wine, swearing that neither Rozinante, nor Sancho his Asse 
should depart out of the Inne, untill he were payed the very 
last farthing. All was quietly ended by the Curate, am 
Don Fernando paid the whole summe; although the judge 
had also most liberally offered to doc it; ana all of them 
remained afterwards in such quietnesge and peace, as the 
Inne did no longer resemble the discorded campe of Agra- 
mante, (as Don-Quixote termed it) but rather enjoyed the 
very peace and tranquility of the Emperour Octavians time : 
for all which, the common opinion was, that thanks were 
justly due to the sincere proceeding and great eloquence 
of Auster Curate, and to the incomparable liberality, and 
goodnesse of Don Fernando. Don-Quixote, perceiving him- 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

selfe free, and delivered from so maxiy difficulties, and CHAPTER 
brabbles, (wherewith as well he, as his Esquire had beene ^^ 
perplexed) held it high time to prosecute his commenced In which is 
voyage, and bring to an end the great adventure unto which ^"^v?^^® 
he was called and chosen. Therefore with resolute deter- venture of" 
mination to depart, he went and cast himselfe on his knees the troupers^ 
before Dorotea, who not permitting him to speake untill he and the great 
arose, he to obey her, stood up, and said, it is a common ^®''^]^®^ 
proverbe, beautifuU Ladie, * That diligence is the Mother of Knif^tDon- 
good hap ^ : and in many and grave affaires, experience hath Quixote^ and 
shewed, that the soUicitude and sore of the suiter oft brings how he was 
a doubtfull matter to a certaine and happy end. But this inchanted. 
truth appeares in nothing more cleerely, then in matters of 
warre ; wherein celerity and expedition prevent the enemies 
dessimes, and obtaine the victory before an adversary can 
put himselfe in defence: all this I say, high and worthy 
Ladie, because it seemes to me, that our abooe in this Castle 
is nothing profitable, and many therewithall tume so farre 
to our hinderance, as we may psdpably feele it one day. For 
who knowes but that your enemie, the Giant hath learned 
by spies, or other secret intelligence and meanes, how I 
meane to come and destroy him, and (oportunitie favour- 
ing his dissignes) that he may have fortified himselfe in 
some inexpugnable Castle or Fortresse, against the strength 
whereof neither mine industrie, nor the force of mine in- 
vincible arme can much prevaile; wherefore, deare Ladie, 
let us prevent (as I have sayde) by our diligence, and let 
us presently depart unto the place whereunto we are caUed 
by our good fortune, which shall be deferred no longer then 
I am absent from your highnesse foe. Here he held his 
peace, and did expect, with great gravitie, the beautifuU 
Princesse answere : who with debonary countenance, and a 
stile accommodated unto Don -Quixote, returned him this 
answere. I do gratifie and thanke. Sir Knight, the desire you 
shew to assist me in this my great neede : which denotes 
very cleerely the great care you have to favour orphanes and 
distressed wightes : and I beseech God, that your good desires 
and mine may bee accomplished, to the end that you may see 
how there are some thankfull women on earth: as touching 
S:FF 2S5 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER my departure, let it be forthwith, for I have none other 
^^ will, then that which is yours ; therefore you may dispose of 
In which is me at your owne pleasure, for she that hath once committed 
^^tlhf^^Jr^ the defence of her person unto you, and hath put into your 
venture of' hands the restitution of her estate, ought not to seeke to do 
the troupers^ any other thing then that which your wisedome shall ordaine. 
and tiie great In the name of God (quoth Don-Quixote) seeing that your 
^^'^^^l^®^ Highnesse doth so humble your selfe unto mee, I will not 
Kni^^tDon- ^^^ ^^® occasion of exalting it, and installing it againe in 
Quixote^ and the throne of your inheritance. Let our departure be incon- 
how he was tinent for my desires, and the way, and that which they call 
inchanted. the danger that is in delay, doe spurre me on. And seeing 

that heaven never created, nor hell ever beheld any man that 
could afiright me, or make a coward of me, go therefore 
Sancho, and saddle Rozinante, and empannell thine Asse, 
and make readie the Queenes Palfrey, and let us take leave 
of the Constable and these other Lords, and depart away 
from hence instantly. 

Then Sancho (who was present at all this) wagging of his 
head, said : O my Lord, my Lord, how much more ^averie 
(be it spoken with the pardon of all honest kerchefes) is 
there in the little village then is talked of? what ill can 
there be in any village, or in all the Cities of the world, able 
to impaire my credit, thou villainep If thou be angrie, quoth 
Sancho, I will hold my tongue, and omit to say that which 
by the dutie of a good Squire, and of an honest servant I 
am bound to tell you. Say what thou wilt, quoth Don- 
Quixote, so thy words be not addrest to make me afraid ; 
for if thou beest frighted, thou doest onely like thy selfe ; 
and if I bee devoid of terrour, I also doe that which I ought. 
It is not that which I meane, quoth Sancho, but that I doe 
hold for most sure and certaine that this Ladie which cals 
her selfe Queene of the great Kingdome of Micomicon, is no 
more a Queene then my mother ; for if she were what she 
saies, she would not at every comer, and at every turning of 
a hand be billing as shee is, with one that is in this good 
company. Dorotea blushed at Sanchos words ; for it was 
true indeede, that her spouse Don Fernando would now and 
then privately steale from her lips some part of the reward 
286 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

which his desires did merit, (which Sancho espying, it seemed CHAPTER 
to him, that that kinde of wanton familiarity was more XIX 
proper to curtesans, then becomming the Queene of so great In which is 
a Eingdome) and yet she neither could, nor would reply fini«^ed ^« 
unto him, but let him continue his speech, as followeth : yeSure^' 
This I doe say, good my Lord, quoth he, to this end, that if the troupers, 
eifter wee have runne many waies and courses, and indured bad and the great 
nights and worse daies, he that is in this Inne, sporting ferocitie of 
himselfe, shall come to gather the fruit of our labours, there SJ^'^-^t^Ptw. 
is no reason to hasten me thus to saddle Rozinante, or em- Qu^ote and 

Cnell the Asse, or make ready the Palfrey, seeing it would how he was 
better that we stayed still, and that every whoore spunne, inchanted. 
and we fell to our victuals. 

O Gk>d, how great was the fury that inflamed Don- 
Quixote, when he heard his Squire speake so respectlesly ! 
I say it was so great, that with a shaking voyce, a faultering 
tongue, and the fire sparking out of his eyes, he said, O 
villanous peasant, rash, immanerly, ignorant, rude, blasphem- 
ous, bold murmurer, and detractor, hast thou presumed to 
speake such words in my presence, and in that or these noble 
Ladies ? and hast thou oared to entertaine such rash and 
dishonest surmises into thy confused imagination? depart 
out of my sight thou monster of nature, store-house of un- 
truthes, armorie of falshood, sincke of roguerie, inventor of 
villanie, publisher of ravings, and the enemie of that decencie 
which is to be used towards royall persons. Away villaine, 
and never appeare before mee, under paine of mme indig- 
nation : Ana saying so, he bended his browes, fild up his 
cheekes, looked about him on every side, and strucke a great 
blow with his right foote on the ground ; all manifest tokens 
of the rage which inwardly fretted him : at which words 
and furious gestures poore Sancho remained so greatly 
afirighted, as ne could have wished in that instant, that the 
earth opening under his feete would swallow him up. And 
knew not what to doe, but tume his backe, and set him 
out of his Lords most furious presence : but the discreete 
Dorotea (who was now so well schooled in Don-Quixotes 
humour) to mitigate his yre, said unto him ; be not ofiended, 
good Sir Knight of the sad face, at the idle words which 

8«7 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER your good Squire hath spoken : for perhaps he hath not 
^^K said them witnout some ground, nor of his good understand- 
In which is ing and Christian minde can it be suspect^, that he would 
^""^kf^ ^® wittingly slaunder or accuse any body falsely : And therefore 
vOTitore of ^^ must beleeve, without all doubt, that as in this Castle, as 
the troupers^ y^u your selfe have said, Sir Knight, all things are repre- 
and the great sented, and succeed by maner of inchantment, I say, it 
ferocitieof might befall, that Sancho may have scene by diaboUcall 
^^^°?jv illusion, that which he sales, he beheld so much to the jpre- 
Q^ote, and judice of my reputation. I vow by the omnipotent love, 
how he was quoth Don-Quixote, that your highnes hath hit the veiy 
inchanted. pricke, and that some wicked vision appeared to this sinner, 

my man Sancho, that made him to see that which otherwise 
were impossible to be scene by any other way, then that of 
inchantment : for I know very well, the great goodnesse, and 
simplicitie of that poore wretch is such, as hee knowes not 
how to invent a lye on any bodie living. It is even so, and 
so it shall be quoth Don Fernando : and therefore, good Sir 
Don-Quixote, you must pai^n him, and reduce him againe 
to the bosome of your good grace : Sicut erat inprincipio^ 
and before the lixe visions aid distract his sense. Don- 
Quixote answered, that he did willingly pardon him: and 
therefore the Curate went for Sancho, who returned very 
humbly, and kneeling downe on his knees, demaunded his 
Lords hand, which he gave unto him, and after that hee 
had permitted him to kisse it, he gave him his blessing, 
saying. Now thou shalt finally know Sancho, that which I 
have told thee divers times, how that all the things of this 
Castle are made by way of inchauntment. So doe I verily 
beleeve, said Sancho, except that of the Canvassing in the 
blanquet, which really succeeded by an ordinary and naturall 
way: doe not beleeve that, said Don-Quixote; for if it 
were so, I would both then, and also now have taken a dire 
revenge : but neither then, nor now could I ever see £uiy, on 
whom I might revenge that thine injurie. All of them de- 
sired greatly to know what that accident of the blanquet was : 
And then the Inne-keeper recounted it point by point, the 
flights that Sancho Pan9a made : whereat they all did laugh 
not a little, and Sancho would have beene ashamed no lesse, 
828 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

if his Lord had not €Uiew perswaded him, that it was a CHAPTER 
meere inchauntment : And yet Sanchos madnesse was never ^^ 
so great, as to beleeve that it was not a reall truth, verily In which is 
befallen him, without any colour, or mixture of fraude, or ^°j?u|^ *^® 
illusion : but that hee was tossed by persons of flesh, bloud, y^Q^ure of" 
£Uid bone, and not by dreamed and imagined shadowes or the troupers, 
spirits, as his Lord beleeved, and so constantly affirmed. and the great 

Two dayes were now expired, when all that Noble com- ^erocitie of 
pany had sojourned in the Inne, and then it seeming unto j^jSJi. x)on- 
them high time to depart, they devised how (without put- Quixote^ and 
ting Dorotea and Don Fernando to the paines, to tume how he was 
back with Don-Quixote to his Village, imder pretence of inchanted. 
restoring^ the Queene Micomicona) the Curate and Barber 
might carry him backe as they desired, and indeavour to 
have him cured of his folly in his own house. And their 
invention was this ; they agreed with one, who by chaunce 
passed by that way with a Teame of Oxen, to carry him in 
this order following: They made a thins like a Cage of 
timber, so bigge, as that Don-Quixote might sit, or lye in it 
at his ease: £uid presently after, Don Fernando, and his 
fellowes, with Don Lewis his servants, the Troupers, and 
the Inkeeper, did all of them, by Master Curates direction 
cover their faces and disguise themselves, every one as he 
might best, so that they might sceme to Don-Quixote other 
people then such as he had scene in the Castle. And this 
oeing done, they entred with very great silence into the 
place where hee slept, and tooke his rest after the related 
conflicts : and approching him, who slept securely, not fear- 
ing any such accident, and laying hold on him very strongly, 
they tyed his hands and his leete very strongly, so that 
when nee started out of his sleepe, hee could not stirre him- 
selfe, nor doe any other thing, then admire, and wonder at 
those strange shapes which ne saw stcuiding before him : 
and presently he fel into the conceipt, which his continuall 
and distracted imagination had already suggested unto him, 
beleeving that all those strange figures were the spirits and 
shaddowes of that inchaunted Castle, and that he himselfe 
was now without doubt inchaunted, seeing he could neither 
move nor defend himselfe. All this succeeded just as the 

S29 



CHAPTER 
XIX 

In which is 
finiihed the 
notable ad- 
venture of 
the troupers^ 
and the great 
ferocitie of 
our good 
Knight Don- 
Quixote^ and 
how he wag 
inchanted. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

Curate (who plotted the jest) made full account it would. 
Only Sancho, among all those that were present, was in his 
right sense and shape ; and although hee wanted but little 
to be sicke of his Lords disease, yet for all that, he knew 
all those counterfait ghosts : but nee would not once unfold 
his lips, untill he might see the end of that surprisall and 
imprisonment of his Master. Who likewise spoke never a 
word, but only looked to see what would be the period of 
his disgrace. Which was, that bringing him to the Cage, 
they shut him within, and afterwards nailed the barres 
therof so well, as they could not be easily broken. They 
presently mounted him upon their shoulders, and as he 
issued out at the chamber doore, they heard asedreadfiill 
a voice as the Barber could devise, (not he of the pannell, 
but the other) which said : ^ O Knight of the sadde counten- 
ance bee not ^eved at the imprisonment whereinto thou 
art led, for so it must bee, that thereby the adventure into 
which thy great force and valour have thrust thee, may be 
the more speedily ended ; and ended it will be, when the 
furious Manchegal Lyon, and the white Tobosian Dove 
shall be united in one, and after they have humbled their 
lofty Crest unto the soft yoke of wedlocke : from whose 
wonderfull consort, shall issue to the light of the Orbe, 
fierce whelps, which shall imitate the munching pawes of 
their valorous father, and this shall bee, before the pur- 
suer of the fugitive nymphe doe with his swift and naturall 
course make two tumes, in visitation of the glistring 
Images; And thou, O the most noble, and obedient Squire, 
that ever had sword at a gyrdle, beard on a face, or dent in 
a nose, let it not dismay, or discontent thee to see carried 
away before thy eyes the flower of all Chivalrie errant. 
For very speedily, if it please the framer of the world, 
thou shalt see thy selfe so exalted and ennobled, as thou 
shalt scarce knowe thy selfe : Nor shalt thou bee defrauded 
of the promises made imto thee by thy noble Lord : and 
I do assure thee, from the wise Mentironiana, that thy 
wages shall be payed thee, as thou shalt quickly see in 
effect : and therefore follow the steps of the valorous and 
inchaunted Enight; for it is necessary, that thou goe to 
230 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

^ the place where you both shall stay : and because I am not CHAPTER 
' permitted to say any more, farewell ; for I doe retume I XIX 
' well know whither/ Towards the end of this prophecie, he In which is 
lifted up his voyce, and afterwards lesned it with so slender ^°|^f^^® 
an accent, that even those which were acquainted with the y^nture of" 
jest, almost beleeved what they had heard. the troupers^ 

Don-Quixote was very much comforted by the prophecie ; and the great 
for hee presently apprehended the whole sense tnereof, and ferocitie of 
perceived how nee was promised in marriage his beloved KniStDon- 
Dulcinea of Toboso, from whose happy wombe should sally Quixote, and 
the Whelps (which were his sonnes) to the etemall glory how he was 
of the Mancha. And beleeving all this most firmely, hee inchanted. 
elevated his voice, and breathing forth a great sigh, thus 
said, ^ O thou, whatsoever thou beest, which hast prognosti- 
cated so great good to me, I desire thee to request in my 
name, the wiseman who hath charge to recora mine acts, 
that he permit me not to perish in this prison (to which 
they now do carry me) before the accomplishment of so 
joy full and incomparable promises, as now have beene 
made unto me. For so that this may befall, I will 
account the paines of my prison a glory, and the chaines 
that inviron me an ease : and will not esteeme this bed 
whereon I am laid, a hard field of battaile, but a soft 
ticke, and a most fortunate lodging. And as concern- 
ing the consolation of my Squire Sancho Pan^a, I trust 
in his goodnesse, and honest proceeding, that he will 
not abandon me in good or bad fortune: for though it 
should fall out through his, or my hard hap, that I shall 
not be able to bestow on him an Hand, or other equi- 
valent thing, as I have promised, his wages at least can- 
not be lost, for in my Testament, which is made already, I 
have set downe what he is to have, though not conformably 
to his many good services, yet according to my possibility.'* 
Sancho Pan^ bowed his head with great reverence, and 
kissed both his hands (for one alone he could not, by 
reason they were bound together) and presently those 
visions did lift up the cage, and accommo- 
date it on the Teame of Oxen. 

SSI 




THE FIRST PART OF THE [ubl 



CHAPTER XX 

Wherein is prosecuted the manner of Don- 
Quixotes tnchauntment, with other 
famous occurrences. 

S HEN Don-Quixote saw himselfe to be in- 
caged after that raaner, and placed in the 
Cart he said, I have read many and very 
grave histories of Knighta errant, but I 
never read, law, nor heard, that they were 
wont to carry Knights errant inchaunted 
after this manner, and with the leisure 
that those slothfull and heavy beasts doe 
threaten : for they were ever accustomed to be carried in 
the ayre with wonderfull speed, shut in some duskie and 
obscure clowd ; or in some fiery chariot ; or on aom Hippo- 
grifus, or some other such like beast : but that they cary 
me now on a Teame of Oxen, I protest it drives me into a 
great amazement, hut perhaps both Chivalrie, and the Jn- 
chauntmeuts of these our times, doe follow a course different 
from those of former ages : and peradventure it may also 
bee, that as I am a new Knight in the world, and the 6rst 
that hath agtune revived the now-neglected, and forgotten 
exercise of armes, so have they also newly invented other 
kinds of inchauntments, and other manners of carrying away 
inchaunted Knights. What doest thou thinke of this Sonne 
SanchoP I know not, quoth Sancho, what to thinke, be- 
cause I am not so well aeene in Scriptures errant as you 
are ; but for all this I durst afiirme and sweare, that these 
visions which goe up and downe in this place, are not 
altogether CaUiolike. Catholikes, my father, quoth Don- 
Quixote, how can they be Catholikes, when they be all 
Divels, which have assumed phantasticall bodies to come and 
put me into this state P And if thou wilt prove the truth 
hereof, doe but touch and feele them, and uou shalt finde 
232 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

them to have no bodies, but of aire, and that they consist CHAPTER 
of nothing but an outward appearance. Now by my faith ^^ 
Sir, quoth Sancho, I have already touched them, and finde Wherein is 
this Divell that jgoeth there so busily up €Uid downe, both prosecuted 
plump and soft fleshed ; and that hee hath besides another of j^n^^^ 
property very difierent from that which I have heard say Quixotes in- 
Divels have : for it is said, that they smell all of brimstone chauntment, 
and other filthy things ; but one may feele at least halfe a jj^ ^^^^ 
league off; the ambar that this Divell smels off. Sancho oc^^n^g^ 
spoke this of Don Fernando, who belike (as Lords of his 
ranke are wont) had his attyre perfumed with Ambar. 

Marvell not thereat friend Sancho, auoth Don-Quixote, 
for the divels are very craftie; and although they bring 
smels or perfumes about them, yet they themselves smell 
nothing (because they are spirits) or if they doe smel ought 
it is not good, but evill and stinking savors : the reason is, 
for that as they doe alwayes beare wheresoever they be, 
their hell about them, and can receive no kind of ease of 
their torments, and good smels bee things that delight and 
please; it is not possible that they can smell any good thing: 
and if it seeme to thee, that that divell whom thou dost 
mention, smels of Amber, either thou art deceived, or he 
that would deceive thee, by making thee to thinke that 
he is no divell. All these discourses passed betweene the 
Master and the man ; the whilst Don Fernando and Cardenio 
(fearing lest Sancho should finde out the deceit whereto he 
was already come very neere) resolved to hasten the Knights 
departure; and therefore calling the Inkeeper aside, they 
commaunded him to saddle Rozinante, and empannell Sancho 
his beast ; which he did with all expedition : and the Curate 
agreed with the Troupers for so much a day to accompany 
him unto his Village. Cardenio hanged at the pommell of 
Rozinantes saddle, the Target on the one side, and on the 
other the Bason, and by signes commaunded Sancho to get 
up on his Asse, and leade Rozinante by the bridle; and 
afterwards placed on either side of the Cart two Troupers 
with their firelockes. 

But before the Cart departed, the Hostesse, her daughter, 
and Maritomes came out to bid Don-Quixote farewel, fayn« 

2:66 888 



CHAPTER 
XX 

Wherein if 
prosecuted 
the manner 
of Don- 
Quixotes in- 
cnauntment, 
with other 
fiimous 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

ing that they wept for sorrow of his disaster; to whom 
Don-Quixote said : My good Ladies doe not weepe : for all 
these mischances are incident to those which professe that 
which I doe : and if these calamities had not oefalne mee, 
I would never have accounted my selfe for a famous Knight 
Errant: for the like chances never happen to Knights of 
little name or renoune, because there are none in the world 
that makes any mention of them. But they often befall 
to the valorous, who have emulators of their vertue and 
valour, both many Princes and many other Knights that 
strive by indirect meanes to destroy them. But for all 
that, vertue is so potent, as by her selfe alone (in despite 
of all the Nigromancy that ever the first inventer thereof 
Zoroastes knew) she will come off victorious from every 
danger, and will shine in the world as the Sunne dotn 
in heaven. Pardon me faire Ladies, if by any carelesnesse 
I have done you any displeasure, for with my will and know- 
ledge I never wronged any. And pray unto God for me, 
that hee will please to deliver mee out of this prison, where- 
into some ill meaning inchanter hath thrust me ; for if I 
once may see my selfe at liberty againe, I will never forget 
the favours which you have done me in this Castle, but 
greatly acknowledge and recompence them as they deserve. 
Whilest the Ladies of the Castle were thus intertained by 
Don-Quixote, the Curate and Barber tooke leave of Don Fer- 
nando and his companions, of the Captaine and his brother, 
and of all the contented Ladies, specially of Dorotea and 
Luscinda ; all of them embraced and promised to acquaint 
one another with their succeeding fortunes : Don Fernando 
intreating the Curate to write unto him what became of 
Don-Quixote, assuring him that no affaire he could informe 
him of should please him better then that, and that he would 
in lieu thereot acquaint him with all occurrences which he 
thought would delight him, eyther concerning his owne mar- 
riage or Zoraydas baptisme, or the successe of Don Lewis, 
ana Luscindas retume into her house. 

The Curate offered willingly to accomplish to a haire all 
that he had commaunded him : and so they returned once 
againe to embrace one another, and to renew their mutuall 

S84 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

and oomplementall offers: the Inkeeper came also to the CHAPTER 
Curate, and gave him certaine papers, saying, that he had XX 
found them within one of the linings of tne wallet, wherein Wherein if 
the Tale of the curious impertinent was had ; and that since prosecuted 
the owner did not returne to fetch it, he bad him take them ^^J^^^*' 
all with him : for seeing he could not reade, hee would keepe Quixotes in- 
them no longer. Master Curate yeelded him many thanks ; chauntment^ 
and then opening them, found in the beginning thereof ^^ other 
these words : * The Tale of Riconnette and Cortadillo,' by ^^^ 
which he understood that it was some History, and collected 
that it must be a good one, seeing that of the curious 
Impertinent, contrived perhaps by the same Authour, had 
proved so well, and therefore he laid it up, with an in- 
tention to reade it as soone as he had oportunity. Then 
hee mounted on horse-backe with his fnend the Barber; 
and both of them putting on their maskes that they might 
not quickly be knowne by Don-Quixote, they travelled after 
the teame, which held on in this order ; first went the Cart, 
guided by the Carter : on both sides therof the Troupers 
rode with their firelockes : then followed Sancho upon his 
Asse, leading Rozinante by the bridle; and last of all 
came the Curate and Barber upon their mighty Mules, and 
with their faces covered : all in a grave gesture, and with 
an Alderman-like pace, and travelling no faster then the 
slow steps of the heavie Oxen permitted them. Don- 
Quixote sate with his hands tyed, nis leg^ stretched out, 
and leaning against the barre of the Cage, with such a 
silence, ana patience, as he rather seemed a statue then 
a man. In this quiet and leisurely manner they travelled 
for the space of two leagues, when arriving to a valley, it 
seemed to their Conductor a fit place to repose and bait 
his Oxen. And acquainting the Curate with his purpose, 
the Barber was of opinion that they should yet goe on a 
little further, because he knew that there lay behinoe a little 
mountaine, which was within their view, a certaine vale, 
much better furnished with grasse then that wherein hee 
meant to abide. The barbers opinion was allowed, and 
therefore they continued on their travell, when the Curate 
looking by chance behinde him, saw comming after them 

SS5 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER sixe or seven men on horse-backe, and very well appointed, 
XX who quickly got ground of them ; for they came not the 
Wherein is lazie and negmaticke pace of Oxen, but as men that were 
prosecuted mounted on Canons Mules, and pricked forward with a de- 
^ Don^*' sire to passe over the heat of tne day in their Inne, which 
Quixotes in- ^^ not much more then a league from thence. Finally, 
diauntment, those diligent travellers overtooke our slouthfuU ones, and 
with other saluted them courteously, and one of them that was a Canon 
^i^nces. ®^ Toledo, and Master of the rest, noting the orderly 

procession of the Cart, Troupers, Sancho, Rozinante, the 
Curate and Barber, but chiefly the incaged Don-Quixote, 
hee could not forbeare to demand what meaned the car- 
ria^ of that man, in so strange a manner, although he 
did already conjecture by observation of the Troupers, 
that hee was some notable robber or other delinquent, the 
punishment of whom belonged to the Holy Brotherhood. 
One of the Troupers, to whom the demaund was made, did 
answere in this manner: Sir we know not wherefore this 
Knight is carried in this forme, and therefore let he him- 
selfe, who best may, tell you the reason thereof. 

Don-Quixote had over-heard their discourse, and said, if, 
Grentlemen, you be conversant and skilfull in matters of 
Chivalry, I will communicate my misfortunes with you : but 
if you be not, I have no reason to trouble my selfe to recount 
them. The Curate and Barber seeing the travellers in talke 
with Don-Quixote, drew neere to make answere for him in 
such sort, that their invention might not be discovered ; the 
whilest the Canon replied to the Knight, and said, Truely 
brother, I am better acquainted with bookes of Knighthood, 
then with Villapandas Logicke : and therefore if all the 
diflicultie rest onely in that, you may safely communicate 
whatsoever you will with me. A Gods name be it, quoth 
Don-Quixote: You shall therefore understand Sir Knight, 
that I am carried away inchanted in this Cage, through the 
envie and fraud of wicked Magicians, * For vertue is much 
more persecuted of the wicked, then honoured of the good/ 
I am a Knight Errant, but none of those whose names are 
not recorded in the bookes of fame, but one of those who in 
despite of envie it selfe, and of all the Magicians of Persia, 
9SQ 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the Bracmanes of India, or of the Gymnosophists of iEthi- CHAPTER 
opia shall hang his name in the Temple of Eternity, that it ^^ 
may serve as a modell and patteme to insuing ages ; wherein Wherein is 
Knights Errant may view the steps which they are to follow, prosecuted 
if they meane to aspire to the toppe and honourable height of rSn^^ 
of armes. The Knight Sir Don-Quixote saith true, quoth Quixotes in- 
the Curate, speaking to the travellers, that he is carried chauntment^ 
away in this Cnariot mchanted, not through his owne default ^^^ ^^^ 
or sinnes, but through the malignant treacherie of those, ^"^'l*^ 
to whom vertue is loathsome, and valour odious. This is 
good Sir, the Knight of the sad countenance (if you have 
at any time heard speake of him) whose valorous acts shall 
remaine insculped in stubbome Brasse, and time-surviving 
Marble, though Envie and Malice doe labour never so much 
to obscure them. 

When the Canon heard the imprisoned man and the three 
speake thus in one tenour, hee was about to blesse himselfe 
for wonder, and could not conjecture what had befallen him, 
and into no lesse admiration were they brought that came with 
him. But Sancho Panf a having in the meane time approched 
to heare their speech, to plaister up the matter, added : now 
Sirs, whether you will love me well or ill, for what I shall 
say, the very truth of the matter is, that my Lord Don- 
Quixote is as much inchaunted as my mother, and no more. 
For his judgement is yet whole and sound ; he eates, and 
drinkes, and doth his necessities as other men doe, and as he 
himselfe did yesterday, and other daies before they incaged 
him : all which being so, how can you make me beleeve 
that he goeth inchaunted P for I have heard many persons 
avouch, that inchaunted persons neither eate, nor drinke, nor 
speake, and yet my Lord, if hee be not thwarted, will talke 
more then twentie barresters : and then turning towards 
the Curate, he said : O Mr. Curate, Mr. Curate, doe you 
thinke that I doe not know you ? And thinke you that I 
doe not suppose, yea and presage whereto these new inchaunt- 
ments are addressed? well know then, that I know you 
well, although you cover your face never so much, and tiiat 
I understand your meaning, how deepely soever you smother 
your drifts : but in fine, where emulation and envy raignes, 

9S7 



CHAPTER 
XX 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the manner 
of Don- 

auizotes in- 
launtment, 
with other 
fiunous 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

vertue cannot live ; where pinching swayes, liberalitie goes 
by. A pox take the Divell : for but for your reverence 
my Lord had ere this time beene wedded to the Princesse 
Micomicona, and I my selfe had beene created an earle at 
least, for no lesse might be expected either from the bountie 
of my Lord, or the greatnesse of my deserts : but now I per- 
ceive that to bee true, which is commonly said, ' That the 
wheele of Fortune tumes about more swifUy, then that of a 
mil : and that they which were yesterday on the top therof, 
lye to day all along on the groimd.*^ I am chiefly grieved for 
my wife and child^n ; for whereas they ought and might 
hope to see their father come in at his gates, made a Grover- 
nour, or Viceroy of some He, or Eingdome, they shall now 
see him retume unto them no better then a poore horse- 
boy. All which I have urged so much, Mr. Curate, onely to 
intimate to your patemitie, how you ought to have remorse, 
and make a scruple of conscience, of treating my deare Lord 
as you do, and looke to it well, that Gk>d doe not one day 
demaund at your hands, in the other life, amends for the 
prison whereinto you carry him; and that you bee not answer- 
able for all the succours and good deedes, which hee would 
have afibrded the world in this time of his captivitie. Snuffe 
me those candles, quoth the Barber, hearing him speake so : 
what Sancho, art thou also of thy Masters confratemitie P I 
sweare by the Lord, I beginne to see that thou art very like 
to keepe him company in the Cage, and that thou shalt bee 
as deepely inchaunted as hee, for the portion which thou hast 
of his humour, and Chivalrie. Thou wast in an ill houre be- 
gotten with child by his promises, and in a worse did the Isle, 
which thou so greatly longest for, sinke into thy pate : I am 
not with childe by any body, said Sancho, nor am I a man 
of humour to let any oody get me with child, no though it 
were the King himselfe : and although I be poore, yet am I 
a Christian, and owe nothing to any one; £uid ill desire 
Hands, others there are that desire worse things, ^ and every 
one is the sonne of his owne workes ^ : and under the name 
of a man, I may become Pope, how much more the Grover- 
nour of an Hand ; and chiefly seeing my Lord may gaine so 
many as hee may want men to bestow them on, and there- 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

fore, Mr. Barber, you should take heede how you q>eake ; CHAPTER 

for all consists not in trimming of beards : and there is some ^^ 

difference betweene Peter and Peter. I say it because all of Wherein is 

us know one another, and no man shall unperceived put a P5<>««<^'**«" 
r 1 Tk* A T J • 1. A. J. the manner 

false Die upon mee. As concerning my Lords inchantment, ^f d^j^. 

Grod knowes the truth, and therefore let it rest as it is, see- Quixotes in- 

ing it is the worse for the stirring in. The Barber would chauntment^ 

not reply unto Sancho, lest that with his simplicities, hee Y^^ ^^^^ 

should diiscover what the Curate and himselfe aid labour so occuninces. 

much to conceale, £uid the Curate doubting the same, had 

intreated the Canon to prick on a little forward, and he 

would unfold to him the mvsterie of the encaged Knight, 

with other matters of delight The Canon did so, and 

taking his men along with them, was very attentive to all 

that he rehearsed, of the condition, life, madnesse, and 

fashions of Don-Quixote. There did he briefly acquaint him 

with the originall cause of his distraction, and all the pro- 

gresse of his adventures, untill his shutting up in that cage : 

and their owne designe in carrying home to his Countrey, to 

trie whether they might by any meanes finde out a remedy 

for his frensie. The Canon and his men againe admired to 

heare so strange a Historic as that of Don-Quixote, and as 

soone as the Curate had ended his relation, the Canon said. 

Verily Master Curate I doe finde by experience, that 
those l)ookes which are instituted of Chivalrie, or Knight- 
hood, are very prejudiciall to welgovemed commonwealths : 
and although (borne away by an idle and curious desire) 
I have read the be^nning of almost as many as are im- 
printed, of that subject, yet could I never indure my selfe 
to finish and reade any one of them through : for me thinks 
that somewhat more or lesse, they all import one thing, 
and this hath no more then that, nor the other more then 
his fellow. And in mine opinion this kinde of writing 
and invention fals within the compasse of the fables called 
MilesicPj which are wandring and idle tales, whose onely 
scope is delight, and not instruction; quite contrary to 
the project of tiiose called Fabulce ApoU^ce^ which delight 
and instruct together. And though that the principall 
ende of such brokes be recreation, yet cannot I perceive 

S89 



CHAPTER 
XX 

Wherein is 
prosecuted 
the manner 
of Don- 
Quixotes in- 
chauntment, 
with other 
famous 
occurrences. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["«• 

how they can yeeld it, seeing they bee forced with so 
many, and so proportionlesse untruthes. For the delight 
that the mind conceives, must proceed from the beautie, 
and conformitie which it sees or contemplates in such things 
as the sight, or imagination represents unto it; and all 
things that are deformed or discordant, must produce the 
contrary effect. Now then what beautie can there be, or 
what proportion betweene the parts and the whole, or the 
whole ana the parts, in a booke or fable, wherein a youth 
of sixteene yeares of age gives a blow to a Giant as great as 
a lewes, and with that blow devides him in two as easily as 
if he were a pellet of Sugar? And when they describe a 
battel!, after that they have tolde us how there were at least 
a million of men on the adverse side, yet if the Knieht of 
the booke be against them, wee must of force, and whether 
we will or no, understand, that the said Knight obtained 
the victory through the invincible strength of his arme? 
what then shall we say of the facilitie wherewithal! the 
Inheritrix of a Eingdome, or Empyre falls betweene the 
armes of one of those errant and unknowne knights? 
what understanding, if it be not altogether barren or bar- 
barous, can delight it selfe, reading how a great tower full 
of knights doth passe through the Sea as fast as a ship with 
the most prosperous wind ? And that going to bed a man 
is in Lombaraie, and the next morning findes himselfe in 
Prester lohns countrey, among the Indians, or in some other 
Region which never was discovered by Ptolomeus, nor seene 
by Mfiut^us Polus? and if I should be answered, that the 
inventors of such bookes do write them as fables: and 
therefore are not bound unto any respect of circumstances, 
or observation of truth, I would reply, that an untruth is so 
much the more pleasing, by how much the neerer it resembles 
a truth ; and so much the more grateful!, by how much the 
more it is doubtful! and possible : for lying fables must bee 
suited unto the readers imderstanding, and so written, as 
that facilitating impossible things, levelling untrue things, 
and holding the mind in suspence, they may ravish a more 
delight, and entertaine such manners, as pleasure and wonder 
may step by step walke together : all which things hee that 
240 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

writes not likelihoods, shall never be able to performe. And CHAPTER 
as touching Imitation (wherein consistes the perfection of ^^ 
that which is written) I have not seene in any bookes of Wherein ia 
Knighthoode, an entire bulke of a fable, so proportioned in prosecuted 
all the members thereof, as that the middle may answere ^ jj^^^*' 
the b^inning, and the end the beginning and middle. But Quixotes in- 
rather they have composed them of so many members, as it chauntment^ 
more proliably seems, that the authors intended to frame ^'^^ other 
Chimeraes or monsters, then to deliver proportionate figures, **™®'** 
most harsh in their stile, incredible in exploits, impudent in 
love matters, absurd in complements, pronxe in battels, fond 
in discourses, uncertaine and senselesse in voyages, and finally, 
devoide of all discretion, art and ingenious aisposition. And 
therefore they deserve (as most idle and frivolous things) to be 
banished out of all Christian commonwealthes. 

Master Curate did listen to the Canon with very great 
attention ; and he seemed unto him to be a man of good 
understanding, and that he had great reason for what hee 
had alled^ed : and therefore said, that in respect they did 
concurre m opinions, and that he had an old grudge to 
the vanity of such Bookes, he had likewise fired all Don- 
Quixotes library, consisting of many bookes of that subject : 
And then he recounted to him the search and inquisition 
hee had made of them ; and which he had condemned, and 
which reserved : whereat the Canon lauehed heartily, and 
said, that notwithstanding all the evill ne had spoken of 
such bookes, yet did he find one good in them, to wit, 
the subject they offered a good wit to worke upon, and 
shew it selfe in them ; for they displayed a large and 
open plaine, thorow which the Pen might runne without let 
or incumbrances ; describing of shipwracks, tempests, in- 
counters, and battels : delineating a valorous Captaine, with 
aU the properties required in him ; as wisedome to frustrate 
the designes of his enemie ; eloquence to perswade or dis- 
swade his souldiers; ripenesse in advice; promptnesse in 
execution ; as much valour in attending, as in assaulting of 
an enemie. Deciphering now a lamentable and tragicall 
successe, then a joyfuU and unexpected event; there a 
most beautifuU, honest, and discreete Ladie, heere a valiant^ 

S : HH S41 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER courteous, and Christian Knight, there an unmeasurable 
XX barbarous braggard; heere a gentle, valorous, and wise 
Wlierein is Prince : Representing the goodnesse and loyalty of sub- 
prosecuted jects, the magnificence and bountie of Lords: Sometimes 
cJ*Don^°^' he may shew himselfe an Astrologian, sometimes a Cosmo- 
Quixotes in- graph^^) sometimes a Musitian, sometimes a Statist, and 
^auntment^ sometimes, if he please, he may have occasion to shew him- 
with other gelfe a Nigromancer : There may he demonstrate the sub- 
^*°^®^' tiltie of Vlisses, the pietie of iGneas, the valour of Achilles, 

the misfortunes of Hector, the trechery of Sinon, the amitie 
of Eurialus, the liberality of Alexanaer, the resolution of 
Caesar, the clemency and truth of Trajanus, the fidelitie of 
Zopirus, the prudence of Cato ; and nnally, all those parts 
that make a worthy man perfect : one whiles by placing 
them all in one subject; another by distributing them 
among many : and this being done, and set out in a pleas- 
ing stile, and a wittie fashion that approacheth as neere as 
is possible unto the truth, will questiomesse remaine a worke 
of many faire draughts, whicn being accomplished, will 
represent such beauty and perfection, as shall fiilly attaine 
to the best end aymed at m all writing, that is, as I have 
said, joyntly to instruct, and delight : for the irregularity, 
and hberality of those bookes gives to the Author, tine 
meanes to shew himselfe an Epicke, Lyricke, Tragedian, and 
Comedian ; with all other things which the most graoefiill 
and pleasant sciences of Poetry and Oratorie include 
in themselves. For the Epickes may be as 
well written in prose as in verse. 



S4S 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



CHAPTER XXI 

Wherein the Canon prosecutes his discourse upon 

bookes of Chivalrie, and many other 

thinges worthy of his wit 

OU say Tery true, quoth the Curate; 
and for this veiy reason are they, whic^ 
iiave hitherto invented luch boolces, the 
more worthy of reprehension, because 
they neither heeded the good discourse, 
the arte, nor the rules, hy which they 
might have niided themselves, and l^ 
that meanes have growne as famous for 
their prose, as be the two Princes of the Greeke and Latin 
Poetne for their verse. I have for my part, quoth the 
Canon, at least attempted to write a moke of Chivalrie, 
observiiw therein all the points by me mentioned ; and in 
truth I have written above a hundred sheetes thereof : and 
to the end that I might trie whether they were corre- 
spondent to my estimation, I did communicate them, both 
with certaine sliilfull and wise men, that are marvailously 
affected to that subject, and with some ignorant persons 
that only delight to neare fonaticall inventions ; and I have 
found in them all a gratefull approbation of my labours : 
yet would I not for all that, prosecute the wortie, as well 
Mcause it seemed unfit for my profession, as also because I 
finde the number of the ignorant to exceede that of the 
judicious: and though more good come to a man by the 
pnuse of a few wisemen, then hurt by the acoffes of a number 
of fooles, yet would I not willingly subject my selfe to the 
confused judgement of the senselesse vulgar, who commonly 
give themselves most unto the reading of such bookes. But 
that which most of all rid my hands, yea and my memorie, 
of all desire to end it, was this argument, drawne from our 
modeme Comedies, and thus made to my selfe : If those, 

S43 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["»• 

CHAPTER (as well the fictions, as historical ones) are all or the 
XXI most part of them notorious fopperies, and things without 
Wherein the either head or foote, and yet are by the vulgar heard with 
Canon pro- gych delight, and held and approved for good : and both 
dUcourJe" ^^^ Authors that compose them, and actors that represent 
upon bookes them, say, that they must be such as they be for to please 
ofchivalrie^ the peoples humors, and not more conformable to reason 
and many or truth, and that, because those wherein Decorum is ob- 
TOrtb*^?^ served, and the fable followed according to the rules of 
l,^^^^ Art, serve onely for three or foure discreete men (If so 

many may be found at a Play) which doe attend unto 
them, and all the rest of the Auditours remaine fasting, 
by reason they cannot conceive the artificiall contexture 
thereof; thereiore is it better for them to gaine good money 
and meanes by many, then bare opinion or applause by 
a few. The very same would be the end of my Booke 
after I had used all possible industrie to observe tne afore- 
said precept; and I should remaine onely for a neede, and 
as the Taylour that dwels in a comer, without trade or 
estimation. 

And although I have sundry times indevoured to per- 
swade the Players, that their opinion was erronious herein, 
and that they would attract more people and acquire 
greater fame by acting artificiall Comedies then those 
irregular, and methodicall Playes then used : yet are they 
so wedded to their opinion, as no reason can wooe, nor 
demonstration winne them from it. I remember how 
dealing upon a day with one of those obstinate fellowes, 
I said unto him : aoe not you remember how a few yeeres 
agoe were represented in Spaine three Tragedies, written 
by a famous Poet of our Kingdome, which were such as 
delighted, yea and amazed all the auditours, as well the 
learned as the simple, the exact as the sleight ones ; and 
that the Players got more by those three alone, then by 
thirtie of the best that were penned, or Acted since that 
time? You meane without question, quoth the Actor 
answering me, Isabella^ Fiiis, and AUxcmdra. The very 
same quoth I ; and note whether in them were not rightly 
observed all the rules and precepts of Art : and yet thereby 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

they neither wanted any part of their dignitie, nor the CHAPTER 
approbation of all the world. So that I inferre, the fault ^^^ 
not to be in the vulgar that covets idle toyes, but rather Wherein the 
in those which know not how to penne or act any other ^^^P/?" 
thing, for no such fond stuffe was in the Comedie of Ji^urie"* 
Ingratitvde revenged^ nor found in Nvmantia^ nor perceived upon booket 
in that of the Amorous Merchant^ and much lesse in the of Chivalrie^ 
Favourable enemy y nor in some others made by Judicious *^^ mwiy 
Poets, which both redounded to their infinite fame and ^^^^^ 
renowne, and yeelded unto these Actors aboundant gaine. \^\^ ^ 
To these I aaded other reasons, wherewith I left him, in 
mine opinion, somewhat perplexed, but not satisfied, or 
desirous to forgoe his erronious opinion. 

Truely, M. Canon, quoth the Curate, you have touched 
a matter that hath rowsed an ancient rancour and heart- 
burning of mine against the Comedies now in request ; the 
which IS equall to the grudge that I beare to Bookes of 
Knight-hood. For seeing the Comedie as Tully afiirmes, 
ought to be a mirrour of mans life, a patteme of manners, 
and an Image of truth : Those that are now exhibited, 
are mirrours of vanitie, pattemes of folly, and Images 
of voluptuousnesse. For what greater absurditie can be 
in such a subject, then to see a child come out, in 
the first Scene of the first Act, in his swadling cloutes, 
and issue in the second already growne a man, yea a 
bearded man ? And what greater vanitie then to present 
before us, a valiant old man, and a young cowara? A 
Lay man become a Divine ? a P^ige a Counsellor, a King 
a Scoundrell, and a Princesse, a scowre-kettle ? What 
should I say, of the little care had of the due observation 
of time, for the succeeding of that they represent, other 
then that I my selfe have scene Comedies, whose first Act 
began in Europe, the second in Asia, and the third ended 
in Africa, and truely if there had beene a fourth it would 
questionlesse have finished in America, and by consequence 
we should have scene a round walke about the foure parts 
of the world. And fayning an explojrt performed in the 
time of King Pepin, or of Charlemaine, they make the 
principall Actors thereof, either Heraclius the Emperour 

9A» 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER that entred into Hierusalem bearing of the holy Crosse; 
^^^ or Godfrey of Bulloin that recovered the Holy -land; 
Wherein the Many yeeres, yea and a^ having occurred betweene 
Canon pro- ^hg times of the one and uit other : yea and the Comedie 
dlftcourae'' being grounded on a fiction, to attribute unto it the 
uponbooket verities of a Historie, and mingle it and patch it up, 
of Chivalrie^ with peeces of others, havine relation to different per- 
^h ^T-^ ^°^ ^^^ times ; and this with no plausible invention, or 
wwihv of*** draught resembling the truth, but rather with palpable, 
his wit grosse, and inexcusable errours. And which is worse, some 

guls are found to affirme, that all perfection consists 
herein, and that they are too daintie that look for any 
other. 

Now, if wee would passe further to examine the divine 
Comedies that treate of Grod, or the lives of Saints, what 
a multitude of false miracles doe the composers devise ? what 
a bulke of matters Apocriphall, and ill-understood ? attri- 
buting to one Saint the miracles done by another: yea 
and in humane Comedies they presume to doe miracles 
(without fiuther respect, or consideration, but that such a 
miracle or shew, as they terme it, would doe well in such 
a place) to the end that the ignorant folke may admire 
them, and come the more willing^ to them : all which doth 
prejudice truth, discredit histories, and tume to the dis- 
grace of our Spanish wits : for strangers, which doe with 
much punctuahtie observe the method of Comedies, bold 
us to be rude and ignorant, when they see such follies, and 
absurdities escape us: and it will be no sufficient excuse 
for this errour, to say, that the principall end of well- 
eovemed Commonwealths, in the permitting of Comedies, 
IS only to entertain the Comunaltie with some honest 
pastime, and thereby divert the exorbitant and vicious 
numours which idlenesse is wont to ingender: and seeing 
that this end is attained to by whatsoever Comedies good 
or bad, it were to no purpose to appoint any lawes, or 
limits unto them; or to ue the composers to frame, or 
Actors to play them, as they should doe: For hereunto 
I answere, that this end would without all comparison 
be compassed, better by good Comedies then by evill 

ie46 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

ones: for the auditour, having heard an artificiall and CHAPTER 
well ordered Comedie, would come away delighted with XXI 
the iests, and instructed by the truths thereof: wondering Wherein the 
at the successes, grow discreeter by the reasons, wamea ^"*?^?J1?" 
by the deceits, become wise by others example, incensed Sj^u^g^ 
against vice, and enamoured of vertue ; al which affects upon bookes 
a good Comedie should stirre up in the hearers minde, or Chivahriej 
were hee never so grosse or clownish : And it is of all ^ vMoy 
impossibilities the most impossible, that a Comedie con- ^,^y^f*^ 
sisting of all these parts, should not entertaine, delight, y^ig ^ 
satisfie, and content the mind much more, then another 
that should be defective in any of them, as most of our 
now-a-day Comedies bee. Nor are the Poets that pen them 
chiefly to be blamed for this abuse : for some of them 
know very well where the errour lurkes, and know also 
as well how to redresse it. But because that Comedies 
are become a vendible merchandize, they aiBrme, and there- 
in tell the plaine truth, that the players would not buy 
them, if they were of any other, then the accustomed 
kinde; and therefore the roet indeavours to accomodate 
himselfe to the humor of the Player, who is to pay him for 
his labour, and that this is the truth, may be gathered by 
an infinite number of Comedies, which a most happy wit 
of this Eincdome hath composed with such delicacy, so 
many good jests, so elesant a verse, so excellent reasons, 
so grave sentences, and finally with so much eloquence, 
and such a loftinesse of stile, as hee hath filled the 
world with his fame : and vet by reason that hee was 
forced to accomodate himself to the Actors, all of them 
have not arrived to the height of perfection which Arte 
requires. Others there are that write without any judge- 
ment, and with so little heed of what they do, as after 
their workes have once beene acted, the Players are 
constrained to run away and hide themselves, fearing 
to be punished, as often they have beene, for acting 
thin^ obnoxious to the Prince, or scandalous to some 
Families. 

All which inconveniences mieht be redressed, if there 
were some understanding and £screet person ordained at 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER the Court, to examine all Comedies before they were acted, 
^^^ and that not only such as were played at the Court it 
Wherein the selfe, but also all others that were to be acted throughout 
^*°?°^P^?" Spaine, without whose allowance, under his hand and seale, 
discourse ^^ Magistrate of no Towne should permit any Comedie to 
upon bookes bee played : Bj^ which meanes the players would diligently 
orChivalrie, send their plaies to the Court, and might boldly after- 
^ "th**^ wards act them, and the composers would with more care 
worthy of^^ ^^^ studie examine their labours, knowing that they should 
his wit passe the strict censure of him that could understand them : 

and by this meanes would good Comedies be written, and 
the thing intended by them, most easily attained to, 
viz. the entertainement of the people, the good opinion of 
Spanish wits, the profit and secuntie of the Players, and 
the saving of the care that is now imployed in chastis- 
ing their rashnesse. And if the same charge were given 
to this man, or to some other, to examine the bookes 
of Knighthood, which should bee made hereafter, some of 
them aoubtlesse would be put forth adorned with that 
perfection whereof you spoke but now : inriching our lan- 
guage with the pleasing and pretious treasure of eloquence, 
and being an occasion that the old bookes would become 
obscure in the bright presence of those new ones published, 
for the honest recreation, not only of the idler sort, but also 
of those that have more serious occupations. For it is not 
possible for the bow to continue still bent: nor can our 
numane and fraile nature sustaine it selfe long, without 
some helpe of lawfull recreation. 

The Canon and Curate had arrived to this point of their 
discourse, when the Barber spurring on, and overtaking 
them, said to the Curate, this is the place I lately tola 
you, was fit to passe over the heate or the day in, while 
the Oxen baited amidst the fresh and aboundant Pastures : 
it likes me very well, quoth the Curate: and telling the 
Canon what he meant to doe, he also was pleased to 
remaine with them, as well invited by the prospect of a 
beautifull valley, which offered it selfe to their view, as 
also to injoy the Curates conversation, towards whom 
he began to beare marvailous affection : and lastly with 
S48 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

the desire hee had to bee throughly acquainted with Don- CHAPTER 
Quixotes adventures, therefore he gave order to some of ^^XI 
his men, that they should ride to the Inne, which was Wherein the 
hard by, and bring from thence what meate they could ^^^ ?J^ 
finde sufficient to satisfie them all, because he likewise S^|^ 
meant to passe the hot time of the day in that place: uponbookes 
to which one of his men did answere, that their sumpture of Chivalrie, 
Mule was by that time, as he thought, in the Inne, so ^ ™j^7 
copiously furnished with provision of meate, that as he J[^^y^ 
supposea, they needed not buy any thing there, but barly )||g ^ 
for their Mules : if it bee so,] quoth the Canon, let our 
Mules be carryed thither, and the sumpture one returned 
hither. 

Whilest this passed, Sancho being free from the continuall 
presence of the Curate and Barber, whom he held as sus- 
pected persons, thought it a fit time to speake with his 
Lord, and therefore drew neere to the cage wherein he sate, 
and said to him in this manner. Sir, that I may discharge 
my conscience, I will reveale unto you all that hath past m 
this affaire of your inchauntment : which briefly is, that 
those two which ride with their faces covered, are the 
Curate of our Village and the Barber, and as I imagine 
they both are the plotters of this your kinde of carrying 
away, for meere emulation that they see you surpasse them 
both in atchieving of famous acts. This truth being pre- 
supposed, it followes, that you are not inchaunted, but bee 
fulled and made a foole. For the proofe whereof I will but 
emaund of you one question, ana if you doe answere me 
according to mine expectation, as I beleeve you will, you 
shall feele the deceipt with your owne hands, and perceive 
how you are not inchaunted, but rather have your wits turned 
upside-downe. Sonn Sancho demaund what thou wilt, quoth 
Don-Quixote, and I will satisfie thee, and answere directly 
to thy desire : But as touching thy averment, that those 
which goe alone with us, be the Curate and Barber, our 
Grossips, and old acquaintance; it may well befall that 
they seeme to bee such ; but that they are so really, and 
in effect, I would not have thee beleeve in any manner. 
For that which thou art to beleeve, and shouldest under- 
2:11 240 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 

CHAPTER stand in this matter is, that if they be like those our 
^^^ friends as thou sayest, it must needs be that those which 
Wherein the have inchaunted mee, have assumed their semblance and like- 
Canon pro- nesse (for it is an easie thing for Magicians to put on any 
di»w)urge^ shape they please) thereby to give thee occasion to thinke 
upon bookes ^^^ which thou doest, to drive thee into such a labyrinth 
or Chivalrie^ of imaginations, as thou shalt not afterw£u^s know how to 
"if ""v*^ sallie out, although thou hadst the assistance of Theseus 
woiS IT***' clew : and withall to make me waver in mine understanding, 
his wit ^ ^^ ^^^ ^ '^^^y ^^^ conjecture from whence this charme 

is derived unto me : for if thou on the one side doest 
affirme, that the Barber, and Curate of our Village doe 
accompany me; and I on the other side finde my selfe 
incaged, and am so assured of mine owne force, that no 
humane strength bee it not supematurall, is able thus 
to incage me, what wouldest thou have mee say, or thinke, 
but that the manner of mine inchantment exceeds as 
many as ever I read throughout all the Histories, in- 
treating of Knights Errant, which have beene inchaunted. 
Wherefore thou maiest very well appease, and quiet thy 
selfe in that point of beleeving them to bee those thou 
saist; for they are those as much, as I am a Turke: 
and as touching thy desire to demaund somewhat of me, 
speake, for I will answere thee, although thou puttest mee 
questions untill to morrow morning. 

Our Ladie assist me quoth Sancho (as loude as he 
could) and is it possible that you are so brainsicke, and 
hard headed, as you cannot perceive that I affirme the 
very pure truth, and that malice hath a greater stroake 
in this your disgrace, and imployment, then any inchant- 
ments? But seeing it is so, I will proove evidently that 

iron are not inchanted : if not, tell me, as God shall de- 
iver you out of this tempest, and as you shall see your 
selfe, when you least thinice of it, in my Ladie Dulcmeas 
armes : make an end of conjuring mee, said Don-Quixote, 
and aske me what question thou wilt ; for I have already 
told thee that I will answere with all punctuality : that is 
it I demaund quoth Sancho ; and the thins I would know 
is, that you tell me without adding or dimmishing ought, 
260 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

but with all truth used or looked for of all those which CHAPTER 
professe the exercise of armes as you do, under the title of XXI 
kniehts Errants ? I say answered Don-Quixote, that I will Wherein the 
not lie a jot : make therefore a beginning, or an ende of these ^*°?^1??' 
demaunas, for in good sooth thou dost weary me with Jj^u^ge 
so many salutations, petitions and preventions. Sancho upon bookes 
replied, I say that I am secure of the bountie and truth of Chivalrie, 
of my Lord : and therefore, because it makes to the purpose ^ ™"*y 
in our afiaire, I doe with all respect demaund, whether your JJ^J^y ©f*^ 
worship, since your incagement, and as you imagine in- }^{^ ^ 
chantment in that coope, have not had a desire to make 
greater or lesse water, as men are wont to say. I doe not 
understand good Sancho, that phrase of making water: 
and therefore explicate thy selte if thou wouldest have 
me to answere thee directly; and is it possible, replied 
he, that your worship understands not what it is to 
make great or little waters ? then goe to some schoole, 
and leame it of the boyes, and know that I would say, 
have you had a desire to doe that which cannot be un- 
done? O, now, now, I understand thee Sancho; yes, 
verie many times, yea and even now I have, where- 
fore, I pray thee, deliver mee from the extremitie 
thereof; for I promise thee I am not alto- 
gether so cleane as I would be. 



S51 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lh. 



w 



CHAPTER XXII 

Wherein the discreete discourse that passed 

betweene Sancho Pan^a, and his Lord 

Don-Quixote, is expressed. 

\, quoth Sancbo, have I caught you at last P 
thii is that which I desired to know, as 
much as my soule or lifa Come now. Sir, 
and tell me, can vou denie that which 
is wont to be saia, when a bodie is ill 
disposed, I know not what aylea such a 
one ; for hee neither eates nor drinkes, nor 
aleepes, nor answeres directly to that which 
is demounded him, so as it seemes that he is inchanted f by 
which may be collected, that such as neither eate, drinke, 
sleepe, nor do the other naturall thin^ you wote of are 
incnanted : hut not those which have a aesire as you have, 
and eate meate, when they get it, and drinke dnnke when 
it is given them, and answere to all that is propounded unto 
them. Thou sayest true Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote : but 
I have told thee alreadie, that there are divers sorts of in- 
chantments, and perhaps they change with the times from 
one kinde into another ; and that now the inchanted use to 
doe all that which I doe, although they did not so in times 
past ; and therefore there is no disputing, or drawing of 
conclusions against the customes of tne time. I know, and 
doe verily perswade my selfe, that I am inchanted, and that 
is sufficient for the discharge of my conscience, which would 
be greatly burdened if I thought that I were not inchanted, 
and yet permitted my selfe to be borne away in this Cage 
idlely, and like a coward withholding the succour I might 
give to many distressed and needie persons, which even at 
this houre be like enough to have extreme want of mine 
aide, and assistance. Yet say I notwithstanding replied 
Sancho, that for more abundant Batisfaction, your worship 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

might doe wel to attempt the getting out of this prison, CHAPTER 
the which I do oblige my selfe with all my power to ^Oill 
facilitate, yea and to get you out, and then you may re- Wherein 
count eftsoons on the good Rozinante, who also seemes *^® ^^^J^T*^ 
inchanted, so sad and melancholy he goes : And this being ^^^ muned 
done, we may againe assay the fortune of seeking adventures, betweene 
which if it have no gooa successe, we have time enough to Sancho 
retume to our Cage ; wherein I promise, by the faith of a F?"Y*Vd^^ 
good and loyall Squire, to shut up my selfe together with iJ^n-Quixote, 
you, if you shall prove so unfortunate, or I so foolish, as not ig expressed, 
to bring our designes to a good issue. I am content to doe 
what thou sayest, brother Sancho, replied Don-Quixote, and 
when thou seest oportunity offered to free me, I will be 
rated by thee in every thing, but yet thou shalt see, how far 
thou art overwrought in the knowledge thou wilt seeme to 
have of my disgrace. 

The Knight Errant, and the ill errant S(}uire beguiled 
the time in these discourses, untill they arrived unto the 
place where the Canon, Curate, and Barber expected them : 
and then Sancho allighting, and helping to talce downe the 
Cage, the waineman unyoaked his Oxen, permitting them 
to take the benefit of pasture in that greene and pleasant 
valley, whose verder invited not such to inioy it as were 
inchanted like Don-Quixote, but rather such heedfull and 
discreete persons as was his man, who intreated the Curate 
to licence nis Lord to come out but a little while, for other- 
wise the prison would not be so cleanly as the presence of so 
worthie a Knight as his Lord was required. The Curate 
understood his meaning, and answered tnat he would satisfie 
his request very willingly, but that hee feared that when he 
saw himselfe at liberty, ne would play then some pranke or 
other, and goe whither no bodie should ever set eye on him 
after : I will be his surety that he shall not flie away, quoth 
Sancho : and I also, quoth the Canon, if he wil but pro- 
mise mee, as he is a knight, that he will not depart from us 
without our consent. I give my word that I will not, said 
Don-Quixote (who heard all that they had said) and the 
rather, because that inchanted bodies have not freewill to 
dispose of themselves as they list; for he that inchanted 

258 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER them, may make them unable to stirre from one place in 
^^^^ three dales : and if they make an escape, he can compell 
Wherein them to retume flying : and therefore smce it was so, they 
the discreete might securely set him at liberty, especially seeing that it 
llM^^passed would redound so much to all their benefits : for if they did 
betweeue not free him, or get further off, he protested that he could 
Sancho not forbeare to offend their noses. The Canon tooke his 

Pj"*?** *^*^ hand (although it were bound) and by his &ith, and word, 
Don^uixote, ^^^ ^^ would not depart, and then they gave him liberty ; 
is expressed, whereat he infinitely rejoyced, especially seeing himsdfe 

out of the Cage. The first thing tnat he did after was to 
stretch all his bodie, and then he went towards Rozinante, 
and striking him twice or thrice on the buttocks, he said : 
I hope yet in God, and his blessed mother, O flower and 
mirrour of horses, that wee two shall see our selves very 
soone in that state which our hearts desire ; thou with thy 
Lord on thy backe, and I mounted on thee, and exercisinff 
the function for which God sent mee into this world. Ana 
saying so, Don-Quixote with his Squire Sancho, retired him- 
selfe somewhat from the companie, and came backe soone 
after a little more lightned, but greatly desiring to execute 
his Squires designes. 

The Canon beheld him very earnestly, and with admira- 
tion wondering to see the strangenesse of his fond humour, 
and how that he shewed, in whatsoever he uttered, a very 
good understanding, and onely left the stirrops (as is said 
before) when any mention was made of Chivalrie; and 
therefore mooved to compassion, after they were all laide 
downe along upon the grasse, expecting their dinner, hee 
said unto him : Gentleman, is it possible that the idle and 
unsavourie lecture of Bookes of Knighthood, hath so much 
distracted your wit, as thus to beleeve, that you are caned 
away inchanted, with other things of that Kind, as much 
wide from truth, as untruths can be from veritie it selfe ? 
Or how is it possible that any humaine understanding can 
frame it selfe to beleeve, that in this world there have beene 
such an infinitie of Amadises, such a crew of famous Knights, 
so many Emperours of Trapisonda, such a number of Felix- 
martes of Hyrcania; so many Palfrayes, Damzels Errant, 
S54 



V 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Serpents, Robbers, Giants, Battailes, unheard of adventures, CHAPTER 
sundrie kinds of inchantments, such unmeasurable incounters, XXll 
such braverie of apparell, such a multitude of enamoured Wherein 
and valiant Princesses, so many Squires, Earles, wittie ^® discreete 
Dwarfes, Viragoes, Love letters, amorous dalliances; and that^passed 
finally, so many, so unreasonable, and impossible adventures, betweene 
as are containea in the Bookes of Knighthood. Thus much Sancho 
I dare avouch of my selfe, that when I read them as long F^°^^?°^ 
as I doe not thinke that they are all but toyes and untruthes, i)^ii4juixote, 
they delight me : but when I ponder seriously, what they jg expressed, 
are, I throw the very best of them against the wals, yea, 
and would throw them into the fire if they were neere me, 
or in my hands. Having well deserved that severitie, as false 
Impostures, and seducers of common sence ; as broachers of 
new Sects, and of uncouth courses of life ; as those that give 
occasion to the ignorant vulgar to beleeve in such exor- 
bitant untruthes as are contained in them. Yea, and are 
withall so presumptuous, as to dare to confound the wits of 
the most discreete, and best discended Gentlemen ; as we 
may clearely perceive by that they have done to your selfe, 
whom they have brought to such termes as it is necessarie 
to shut you up in a Cage, and carie you on a Teame of 
Oxen, even as one carries a Lion or Tygre from place to 
place, to gaine a living by the shewing of him. Therefore, 
good Don -Quixote, take compassion of your selfe, and 
retume into the bosome of discretion; and learne to im- 
ploy the most happie talent of understanding, and abun- 
dance of wit, wherewith bountifull heaven hath inriched you, 
[in] yet some other course of studie, which may redound 
to the profit of your soule, and advancement of your credit 
and estate. And if, borne away by your naturall dis- 
position, you will yet persist in the reading of warlike, 
and Knightly discourses ; Reade in the holy Scripture the 
Acts of ludges : for there you shall finde surpassing feates 
and deedes, as true, as valorous. Portugall had a Viriate. 
Rome a Caesar. Carthage an Hannibal, Greece an Alex- 
ander, Castile an Earl Feman Goncalez, Valencia a Cid, 
Andaluzia a Gon9alo Fernandez, Estremadura a Dieffo 
Garcia de Paredes, Xerez a Garci Perez de Vargas, Toleao 

255 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lib. 

CHAPTER a Garci Lasso : Sivil a Don Manuel de Leon. The discourses 

XXII of whose valorous Actes, may entertaine, teach, delight, and 

Wherein make wonder, the most sublime wit that shall reaae them, 

the discreete Yea, this were indeed a studie fit for your sharpe under- 

ths^^BasLd standing, my deere Sir Don-Quixote,« for by this you should 

betwLne become learned in Histories, enamoured of vertue, instructed 

Sancho in goodnesse, bettered in manners, valiant without rashnesse, 

Panca, and bold without cowardice : and all this to Gods honour, your 

his L^rd owne profit, and renowme of the Mancha, from whence, as I 

Don-Quixote, v i*^ j j j v • ^ j • 

is expressed. "^^^ learned, you deduce your begmmng and progenie. 

Don-Quixote listned with all attention unto tne Canons 
admonition, and perceiving that he was come to an end of 
them, after he had looked upon him a good while, he said, 
me thinkes Gentleman, that the scope of your discourse 
hath beene addrest to perswade me, ttiat there never were 
any Knights Errant in the world ; and that all the bookes 
of Chivalrie are false, lying, hurtfuU, and unprofitable to 
the Common -wealth; and that I have done ill to reade 
them, worse to beleeve in them, and worst of all to foUow 
them, by having thus taken on mee the most austere pro- 
fession of wandring Knighthood, whereof they intreate: 
denying moreover that there were ever any Amadises, either 
of GauTe or Greece ; or any of all the other Knights, where- 
with such Bookes are stufred ; All is just as you have said, 
quoth the Canon : whereto Don-Quixote replied thus, You 
also added, that such Bookes had done me much hurt, 
seeing they had turned my judgement, and immured me 
up in this Cage ; and that it were better for me, to make 
some amendment, and alter my studie, reading other 
that are more authenticall, and delight and instruct much 
better. It is very true answered the Canon. Why 
then, quoth Don-Quixote, I finde by mine accounts, that 
the inchanted, and senslesse man is your selfe ; seeing 
you have bent your selfe to speake so many blasphemies 
against a thing so tnie, so currant, and of such request in 
the world, as hee that should denie it, as you doe, merites 
the same punishment, which as you say you give to those 
Bookes, when the reading thereof ofiends you : For to goe 
about to make men beleeve, that Amadis never lived, nor 

256 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

any other of those Knights, wherewith Histories are fully CHAPTER 
replenished, would bee none other then to perswade them, XXII 
that the Sunne lightens not, the Earth sustaines not, nor Wherein 
the Ice makes any thing cold. See what witte is there in the ^® discreete 
world so profound, that can induce another to beleeve, that that^passed 
the Historic of Guy of Burgundy, and the Princes Floripes, betweene 
was not true ? Nor that of Fierabras, with the Bridge of Sancho 
Mantible, which befell in Charlcmaines time, and is, I sweare, v ?°^1?°^ 
as true, as that it is day at this instant ; and if it be a lie, iJ^n-Quixote, 
so must it bee also, that ever there was an Hector, Achilles, ig expressed, 
or the warre of Troy ; The Twelve Peeres of France, or King 
Arthur of Brittaine, who goes yet about the world in the 
shape of a Crow, and is every foote expected in his King- 
dome. And they will as well presume to say, that the 
Historic of Guanno M ezquino, and of the quest of the holy 
Sangriall be lies ; and that for the love betweene Sir Tristram 
and La Belle Ysonde, and betweene Queene Guenevor and 
Sir Launcelot Dulak, we have no sufficient Authoritie, and 
yet there bee certaine persons alive, which almost remember, 
that they have seene the Ladie Quintaniona, who was one 
of the bc^t skinkers of Wine that ever Great Brittaine had ; 
and this is so certaine, as I remember, that one of my 
Grandmothers of my Fathers side, was wont to say unto 
me, when shee saw any matrone, with a long and reverend 
kerchiefe or vaile, my boy, that woman resembles very much 
Lady Quintaniona, from which I ai^ue, that either she 
knew her her selfe, or at the least, had scene isome por- 
traiture of hers. Who can moreover denie the certaintie 
of the Historic of Peter of Provaunce, and the beautifuU 
M a^lona, seeing that untill this very day one may behold 
in the Kings Armorie, the Pinne wherewith he guided, and 
turned any way he listed, the Horse of wood, whereupon he 
rode thorow the Ayre ; which Pinne, is a little bigger then 
the Thill of a Cart, and neere unto it is also seene Babieca 
his saddle : and in Roncesvals there yet hangs Rowlands 
home, which is as bigge as a very great loyst, whence is 
inferred, that there were twelve Peeres, that there was a 
Pierres of Provance, that also there were Cides, and other 
such Knights as those which the world termes adventurers ; 
8 : KK 267 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["». 

CHAPTER if not, let them also tell me, that the valiant Lusitanian, 
^^^^ lohn de Melo, was no Knight Errant, who went to Bur- 
Wherein gundie, and in the Citie of Ras fought with the fieunous 
^e discreete jj^^d of Chami called M osen Pierres, and after with Mosen 
thM^pasMd Henry of Ramestan in the Citie of Basilea, and bore away 
betweene the victorie in both the conflicts, to his etemall £Bune : and 
Sancho that there were no such curres as the adventures, and single 

?^?*V3°^ combats b^un, and ended in Burgundie, by the valiant 
Don^Ouizote. Spaniards Pedro Barba, and Guttierre Quixada (fix>m whom 
is ex^BMe^ ^ ™7 ^^^ ^"^ lineally discended) who overcame the Earle 

of Saint Pauls sonnes. They may also averre unto me, that 
Don Fernando de Guevarra went not to seeke adventures 
in Germanic, where he fought with Micer Greorge a Knight 
of the Duke of Austria his house : Let them likewise aflBrme, 
that Suero de Quinonnes of the passage, his lustes were but 
lests ; as also the enterprize of Mosen Lewis de falses, against 
Don Gk)n9alo de Guzman, a Grentleman of Castile, with many 
other renouned Acts, done as well by Christian Knights of 
this Kingdome, as of other forraine lands, and so autiien- 
ticall and true, as that I am compelled to reiterate what 
I said before, that whosoever denies them, is defective of 
reason and good discourse. 

Full of admiration remained the good Canon, to heare 
the composition, and medly, that Don -Quixote made of 
truths and fictions together; and at the great notice he 
had of all things that might any way conceme his Knight- 
hood Errant : and therefore he shaped him this answere : I 
cannot denie Sir Don-Quixote, but that some part of that 
which you have said is true, specially touching tnose Spanish 
adventurers of whome you have spoken ; and will likewise 
graunt you, that there were twelve Peeres of France, but I 
will not beleeve that they have accomplished all that which 
the Archbishop Turpine hath left written of them : for the 
bare truth of tne afiaire is, that they were certaine Noblemen 
chosen out by the Kings of France, whom they called Peeres, 
because they were all equall in valour, qualitie, and worth ; 
or if they were not, it was at least presumed that they 
were ; and they were not much unlike the militarie orders 
of Saint lames, or Calatrava, were in request, wherein it is 
258 



s 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

presupposed that such as are of tiie profession, are, or ought CHAPTER 
to be valorous, and well descended, Gentlemen : and as now XXII 
they say, a Knieht of Saint lohn, or Alcantara, so in those Wherein 
times they said, a Knight of the twelve Peeres ; because ^® discreete 
they were twelve ecjuals, chosen to be of that military order. thirt^pMsed 
That there was a Cid, and a Bernard of Carpio, is also doubt- betweene 
lesse ; that they have done the acts recounted of them, I Sancho 
beleeve there is very great cause to doubt. As touching tie Tf^J*' ?^^ 
pinne of the irood Earle Pierres, and that it is by Babieca SJ^^S-.^ 
L saddle in the Kings Armourie, I confesse thkt my sin £°^^' 
hath made me so ignorant, or blind, tiiat although I nave 
[viewed] the saddle very well, yet could I never get a 
sight of that Pinne, how great soever you aflirme it to bee. 
Well, it is there without question, said Don-Quixote, and 
for the greater confirmation thereof, they say it is laid 
up in a case of Neates leatiier, to keepe it from rusting. 
That may very well so be, said tiie Canon, yet by the 
orders that I have received, I doe not remember tiiat ever 
I saw it : and although I should graunt it to be there, yet 
doe I not therefore oblige my selfe to beleeve the His- 
tories of all the Amadises, nor those of tiie other rabble- 
ment of Knights, which bookes doe mention unto us : nor 
is it reason that so Honorable a man, adorned with so 
many good parts, and indowed with such a wit, as you 
are, should beleeve, that so many, and so strange 
follies, as are written in the raving bookes 
of Chivalrie, can be true. 



ft59 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 




CHAPTER XXIII 

Of the discreet contention betweene Don-Quixote 
and the Canon, with other accidents. 

HATwereajest indeed, quoth Don-Quixot^ 
' that bookea which are printed with the 
Kings licence, and approbation of those 
to whom their examination was com- 
mitted, and that are read with luiiversall 
delight and acceptance ; and celebrated by 
great and little, rich, and poore, teamed 
and ignorant, Plebeans and Grentlemen, 
and finally bv all kinde of personi of what itate or condi- 
tion soever, snould be so lying and fabulous ; speciallj seeing 
they have such probabilitie of truth ; seeing they describe 
unto us the fkther, Mother, Countrey, Knsfolke, Age, 
Towne, and Acta of such a Knight, or luiights, and that ao 
exactly, point by point, and day by day : Hold your peace, 
and never speake againe such a blasphemie, and neleeve me, 
for I doe sincerely counsetile you what vou, as a discreet man, 
ought to doe herein ; and if not, reaae them but once, and 
you shall see what delight you shall receive thereby ; if not, 
tell me what greater pleasure can there be, then to behold 
(as one would say) even here and before our eyes, a great 
lake of pitch boiling hot, and many Serpents, Snakes, Lizarts, 
and other kinds of cruell and dreadtull beasts swimming 
a thwart it, and in every part of it, and that there issues out 
ofthe lake a most lamentable voyce, saying. 'Othou Knight, 

* whatsoever thou art, which doest behold the fearefull lake, 
' if thou desirest to obtaine the good concealed under these 
' horrid and blacke waters, shew the valour of thy strong 

* brest, and throw thy selfe into the midst of this sable, 
' and inflamed licour ; for if thou doest not so, thou shalt 
' not be worthy to discover the great wonders hidden in the 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

' seven Casties of the seven Fates, which are seated under CHAPTER 
^ these gloomie waves ' : and that scarce hath the Knight XXIII 
heard the fearefull voice, when without entrine into any Ofthedis- 
new discourses, or once considering the daneer wnereinto he cj^eet oonten- 
tiirusts himselfe, yea or easing himselfe of Sie waight of his Don-Quij^te* 
ponderous armour, but only commending himselfe unto and the 
Grod, and his Ladie Mistris, nee plunges into the midst of Canon^ 
that burning puddle, and when he neither cares nor knowes with other 
what may befall him, hee finds himselfe in the midst of ■*^^***®°*'« 
flourishing fields, with which the very Elisean plaines can in 
no sort be compared; There it seemes to him that the 
element is more transparent, and that the Sunne shines with 
a cleerer light then in our Orbe : there ofiers it selfe to 
his greedie and curious eye, a most pleasing forrest replen- 
ished with so ereene, andf well-sprea trees, as the verdure 
thereof both joyes and quickens the sight ; whilest the 
eares are entertained by the harmonious, though artlesse 
songs of infinite and enamelled birds, which traverse the 
intricate boughes of that shadie habitation : Here hee dis- 
covers a small streame, whose fresh waters resembling liquid 
Cristall, slides over the small sands, and white litle stones, 
which resemble sifted gold wherein Orientall Pearles are in- 
chaced : there he discemes an artificiall Fountaine wrought 
of motly lasper and smooth Marble : and hard by it an other, 
rudely and negligently framed, wherein the sundry Cockle 
shels with the wreathed white and yellow houses of the 
Pervincle, and Snaile intermingled, and placed after a dis- 
orderly order (having now and then pieces of cleere Cristall, 
and counterfeit Emeralds mingled among them) doe make a 
worke of so gracefull varietie, as Art imitating Nature, doth 
herein seeme to surpasse her. Suddainely he discovers a 
strong Castle or goodly Palace, whose walles are of beaten 

Sid, the pinacles of Diamonds, the gates of lacints; 
ally, it is of so exquisite workemanship, as although the 
materials whereof it is built, are no worse then Diamonds, 
Carbuncles, Rubies, Emeralds, Pearles, and Gk)ld, yet is the 
Architecture therof of more estimation and value then they, 
and is there anv more to be scene, after tiie seeing hereof, 
then to see sallie out at the Castle gates, a goodly troupe of 

861 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ijb. 

CHAPTER lovely Damzels, whose brave and costiy attjrre, if I should 
^^^11 attempt to describe as it is laid downe in Histories, wee 
Of the dig- shoula never make an end ? and shee that seemes the chiefest 
creet «)nteii. of aU, to take presently our bold Knieht, that threw him- 
Don-Quix^^ selfe into the boyling lake, by the hand, and carry him into 
and the the rich Castle or Palace without speaking a word, and 

Canon^ cause him to strip himselfe as naked, as he was when his 

with other Mother bore him, and bathe him in very temperate waters, 
accidents. ^^ j afterward annoint him all over with precious ointments, 

and put on him a shirt of most fine, oooriferous, and per- 
fumed Sendall ; and then anotiier Damzell to come suddainely, 
and casts on his backe a rich mantel, which they say is wont 
to bee worth, at the very least a ridi Citie, yea and more P 
then what a sport it is, when thev tell us after, that after 
this he is carried into another Hall, where he finds tike 
tables covered so orderly as he rests amazed ? what, to see 
cast on his hands water distilled all of Ambar, and most 
fragrant flowers? what, to see him seated in a chaire of 
Yvorie ? what, to see him served by all the Damzels witii 
marvailous silence ? what, the setting before him such 
varietie of accates, and those so excellently dressed, as his 
appetite knowes not to which of them it shall first addresse 
his hand ? what, to heare the Musicke which sounds whilst 
he is at dinner, without knowing who makes it, or whence it 
comes ? and after that dinner is ended, and the tables taken 
away, the Knight to remaine leaning on a chaire, and 
perhaps picking of his teeth, as the custome is, and on a 
suddaine to enter at the Hal-dore another much more 
beautifull Damzell then any of the former, and to sit by 
his side, and begin to recount unto him what Castle that is, 
and how shee is inchaunted therein, with many other thinn 
that amazed the Knight, and amazed the Readers. I will 
not enlarge my selfe any more in this matter, seeing that 
you may collect out of that which I have said, that any 

Sart that is read of any booke of a Knight Errant, wiU 
elight, and astonish him, that shall peruse it with atten- 
tion : and therefore I pray you beleeve me, and as I have 
said already, reade those kinde of bookes, and you shall 
finde, that they will exile all the melancholic that shall 
S62 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

trouble you, and rectifie your disposition, if by fortune it be CHAPTER 

depraved : for I dare affirme of my selfe, that since I am be- XXIII 

come a Knight Errant, I am valiant, curteous, liberall, well Of the dis- 

mannered, generous, gentle, bold, mild, patient, an indurer of ^'®®\^°^®°" 

labours, imprisonments, and inchauntments : and although it i^.Qj^qi^ 

be but so little a while since I was shut up in a Cage like a and the 

mad man, yet doe I hope by the valour of mine arme (heaven Canon^ 

concurring, and fortune not crossing me) to see my selfe with other 

within a few daves, the King of some Eingdome, wherein I ■*^<5*^®^**- 

may shew the lx)untie and liberalise included within my 

brest. For in good truth. Sir, a poore man is made unable 

to manifest the vertue of liberalise towards any other, 

although he virtually possesse it himselfe in a most eminent 

degree : and the will to gratifie, which only consists of will, 

is as dead a thing, as Faith without Workes. For which 

cause I doe wish, that fortune would quickly present me 

some occasion whereby I might make my selfe an Emperour; 

that I may discover the desire I have to doe good unto my 

friends, but especially to this my poore Squire Sancho Pan^a, 

who is one of the honestest men in the world, on whome I 

would faine bestow the Earledome which I promised him 

many daies past, but that I feare mee he will not be able 

to goveme his estate. 

Sancho overhearing those last words of his masters, said, 
labour you. Sir Don-Quixote, to get me that Earledome as 
often promised by you, as much longed for by me, and I 
promise you that I will not want sufficiency to goveme it, 
and though I should, yet have I heard say, that there are 
men in the world, who take Lordships to farme, paying the 
Lord so much 'by the yeere, and undertaking the care of 
the government thereof, whilst the Lord himselfe with out- 
stretched 1^ doth live at his ease ; enjoying the rents they 
bring him, and caring for nothing else : and so will I doe, 
and will not stand racking it to the utmost, but presently 
desist from all administration, and live merrily upon my 
rent like a younff Duke; and so let the world wagge, 
and goe how it wiU. That, friend Sancho, is to bee under- 
stooo, quoth the Canon, of enjoying the revenewes; but 
as concerning the administration of justice, the Lord of 

26S 



accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 

CHAPTER the Seigniory is bound to looke to it, in that is required 
^^^^^ a sufficiency and ability to goreme, and above all, a 
Ofthedis- good intention to deale justly, and determine rightly: for 
creet conten- jf ^|jjg [,g wanting when we beginne, our meanes and 
Dmi'Q^Tote ^"^® ^^ alwaies be subject to errour. And therefore is 
and the Crod wont as well to further the good designes of the 

Canon^ simple, as to disfavour the bad ones of those that be 

^th other wittily wicked. 

I understand not those Philosophies, auoth Sancho Panca, 
but this I know well, that I would I nad as speedily tne 
Earldome, as I could tell how to coveme it, for I have as 
much soule as another, and as much bodie as hee that hath 
most ; and I would be as absolute a King in my estate, as 
any one would be in his ; and being such, I would doe what 
I Uked, and doing what I liked, I would take my pleasure, 
and taking my pleasure, I would be content ; ana when one 
is content, he hath no more to desire, and having no more 
to desire, the matter were ended : and then come the state 
when it will, or farewell it, and let us behold our selves, as 
one blinde man said to another. They are no bad Philo- 
sophies which thou comest out with Kind Sancho, quoth 
the Canon, but yet for all that, there is much to be said oon« 
cerning this matter of Earledomes. To that Don-Quixote 
replied : I know not what more may be said, onely I goveme 
my selfe by the example of Amadis de Gaule, who made 
his Squire Earle of the firme Island : and therefore I 
may without scruple of conscience make Sancho Pan^a 
an Earle ; for he is one of the best Squires that ever 
Knight Errant had. The Canon abode amazed at the 
well-compacted and orderly ravings of Don-Quixote ; at the 
manner wherewith he had deciphered the adventure of 
the Knight of the Lake ; at the impression which his lying 
bookes had made into him : and finally he wondrea at 
the simplicitie of Sancho Pan^a, who so earnestly desired 
to be made Earle of the county his Lord had promised 
him. 

By this time the Canons servingmen, which had gone to 
the Inne for the sumpture Mule, were returned, and making 
their table of a carpet, and of the greene grasse of that 
264 



k 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

meadow, they sate down under the shadow of the trees, CHAPTER 
and did eate there, to the end that the waineman might XXIII 
not lose the commoditie of the pasture, as we have said Ofthedis- 
before, and as they sate at dinner, they sodainly heard the ^*^i^°**°" 
sound of a little bell issuing from among the briars and i^jq,^^^ 
brambles that were at hand, and instantly after, they saw ^^^ the 
come out of the thicket a very faire she-Groate, whose hide Canon, 
was poudred all over with blacke, white, and browne spots : with other 
after her followed a Goatheard crying unto her, and in his ■^*®^*'* 
language bidding her stay, or retume againe to the fould : 
but the fugitive Goate all afl&ighted and feareful ranne 
towards the company, and as it were seeking in her dumbe 
manner to be protected, strayed neere unto them: then 
did the Goatheard arrive, ana laying hold of her homes 
(as if shee had beene capable of his reprehension) said 
unto her. O yee wanton Ape, ye spotted Elfe, how come 
you to halt with me a late aaies ? what Wolves do skarre 
your daughter ? will you not tell me, faire, what the matter 
18 ? But what can it be other then that you are a female, 
and therefore can never be quiet ? a fouie evill take your 
conditions, and all theirs, whom you so much resemble: 
tume backe, love, tume backe, and though you be not 
so content withall, yet shall you at least be more safe in 
your fold, and among the rest of your fellowes : for if you 
that shall guide and direct them, go thus distracted, and 
wandering, what then must they doe, what will become of 
them ? The Goatheards words did not a little delight the 
hearers, but principally the Canon, who said unto him, I 
pray thee, good fellow, take thy rest heere awhile, and doe 
not hasten that Goate so much to her fould, for seeing she 
is a female, as thou sayest, she will follow her naturall 
instinct, how much soever thou opposest thy selfe unto it : 
take therefore that bit, and driuKe a draught wherewithal! 
thou maist temper thy choUer, and the Goate will, rest her 
the whilst : and saying so, hee gave him the hinder quarter 
of a cold Rabbet, which he receiving, rendred him many 
thankes, and drinking a draught of wine, did pacifie him- 
selfe, and said presently after: I would not have you, my 
masters, account me simple, although I spoke to this beast 
S:LL S65 



CHAPTER 
XXIII 

Of the dis- 
creet conten- 
tion betweene 
Don-Quizote 
and the 
Canon^ 
with other 
accidents. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

in SO earnest a fashion ; for in truth the words which I used 
unto her, were not without some mysterie. I am indeed 
rustick, and yet not so much, but that I know how to 
converse with men, and with beasts. I beleeve that easily 

auoth the Curate, for I know alreadie by experience, that 
le woods breede learned men, and sheepe coats containe 
Philosophers. At the least. Sir, replied the Groatheaid, 
they have among them experienced men : and that you may 
give the more credite to this truth, and as it were, touch it 
with your owne hands (although till I be bidden, I may 
seeme to invite my selfe) I will, if you please to heare me 
but awhile, relate unto you a very true accident, which shall 
make good what this Gentleman (pointing to the Curate) 
and my selfe have affirmed. To this Don-Quixote answered, 
because the Case doth seeme to have in it some shadow of 
Knightly adventures, I will for my part listen unto thee 
with a very good will, and I presume that all these Grentle- 
men will doe the like, so great is their discretion, and desire 
to know curious novelty which amaze, delight, and enter- 
taine the senses, as I doe certainely beleeve thy history wilL 
Therefore begin it, friend, and all of us will lend our eares 
unto it. I except mine quoth Sancho, for I will goe with 
this pastie unto that little streame, where I meane to fill 
my selfe for three daies ; for I have heard my Lord Don- 
Quixote say, that a Knight Errants Squire must eate when 
he can, and alwaies as much as he can, because that often- 
times they enter by chance into some wood so intricate, as 
they cannot get out of it againe in five or sixe daies : and if 
a mans panch be not then well stuffed, or his wallet well 
stored, he may there remaine, and be turned as many times 
it happens, into mummie. Thou art in the right of it, 
Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, goe therefore where thou wilt, 
and eate what thou maist, for I am alreadie satisfied, and 
onely want refection for my minde, which now I will give it 
by listening to this good fellow. The same will wee also 
give unto ours quoth the Qinon, who therewithal! intreated 
the Groatheard to keepe promise, and beginne his tale 
Then he stroking once or twice his prettie Goate, (which 
he yet held fast by the homes) said tnus : Lye downe pide 
266 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

foole, by mee, for we shall have time enough to retume CHAPTER 
home agaioe. It seemed that the Goat understood him; XXIII 
for OS soone as her master sate downe, she quietly stretched Of the dit- 
her selfe aloug by him, and looking him in the face, "'^^ cont«n- 
did five to understand, that she was attentive to 
what hee was saying. And then he began 
his history in this manner. 



tion betwem* 
Don-Quixote, 




CHAPTER XXIIII 

Relating that which the Goatheard told to those 
that carried away Don-Quixote. 

HJHEERE is a Village distant some three 
leagues from this valley, which albeit it 
be little, is one of the richest of this 
commork : therein sometime did dwell a 
nealthie fanner of good respect, and so 
good, as although reputation and riches 
are commonly joynea together, yet that 
which he had, was rather got him by his 
▼ertue, then by any wealth he possessed : But that which 
did most accumulate his happinesse (as he himselfe was wont 
to say) was, that he had a daughter of so accomplished 
beauty, so rare discretion, comelinesse, and vertue, that as 
many as knew and beheld her, admired to see the passing 
indowments wherewith heaven and nature had inricbed her. 
Being a child, she was fayre, and increasing daily in feature, 
she was at the age of sixteene most beautiful The fame 
whereof extended it selfe over all the bordering villages, 
but why say I the bordring villages alone, if it spread it- 
■elfe over the farthest cities, yea and entred into the kings 
Palace, and into the eares of all kinde of people p so that 
they came from all parts to behold her as a rare thing, and 
patteme of miracles P her father did carefully keepe her, 

867 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ua 

CHAPTER and she likewise heeded her selfe : for there is neither guard 
XXIUI locke, nor bolt able to keepe a mayden better, then ii hei 
Rdatinr thit owne wariness^, and care. The wealth of the father, and 
r'"tii t<i '^°^^ of the daughter moved divers, as well of his owni 
told to thoM ^'^'^ ^ strangers, to deniaund her to wife, but he (as on< 
tlMtorried whom the disposall of so rich a lewell most neerely con- 
away Don- cemed) was much perplexed, and unable to deteitnme oi 
Q*"****"- whom, among such an infinite number of importunate woera 

he might bestow her : among others that bore this good 
wil towards her, I my selfe was one to whom gave manj. 
and very great hopes of good successe, the knowledge thai 
her father had of me, my birth in the same village, my de- 
scent honest, and bloud untainted, flourishing in yearea, very 
rich in goods, and no lesse in gifts of the mind, Anothei 
of the same village and qualities, was also a suiter unfa 
her : which was an occasion to hold her in sun>ence, and 
put his will in the ballance, deeming as he dia, that shi 
might be bestowed on either of us two : and that he mighl 
be rid of his doubt, he resolved to tell it to Leandra, {foi 
so do they call the rich maide which hath brought mee fa 
extreme misery) noting discreetly, that seeing we both wen 
equals, it would not be amisse to leave in his deere daughter 
power the making choyce of whether she liked beat. A thinj 
worthy to be noted by all those parents that would havi 
their children marry. Wherein my meaning is not, tha< 
they should permit them to make a bad or a base cfioyce 
but that they propound certaine good ones, and referre fa 
, . their likinz which of them they will take. I know no' 

' ' I what was the liking of Leandra, but only know this, tha< 

. ^.t the father pasted us off, by alleaging the over greene yeare 

!_ * of his daughter, and using general! termes, which neitbei 

. I obliged him, nor discharged us. My rivall was called An 

' selroo, and my selfe Eugenic : that you may also have bodw 

^ jl justice of the persons which were actors in this tragedie 

' ; whose conclusion is yet depending, but threatens muct 

_, ^i' future disaster. 

'Ijr About the very same time arrived to our village oni 

U Vincente of the Rose, sonne to a poore labourer of the sami 

'■4 pUce, which Vincente returned as then from Italy, ant 

L " 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

divers other countries, wherein he had beene a souldier, CHAPTER 
for being of some twelve yeeres of age, a certaine Captaine, XXIIII 
that with his company passed along by our village, did Relating that 
carry him away with him, and the Youth, after a dozen J^^jj^^ 
yeares more, came backe againe attired like a soldier, and ^|^ ^ \ho8e 
painted with a hundred colours, full of a thousand devises that carried 
of Cristall, five Steele chaines : to day he would put on away Don- 
some gay thing, the next day some other, but all of them Q'^^cote. 
slight painted, and of little waight, lesse worth. The 
clownisn people, which are naturally malicious, and if they 
have but ever so little idlenesse or leasure become malice 
it selfe, did note and reckon up all his braveries, and jewels, 
and found that he had but three suits of apparrell of 
different colours, with garters and stockings answerable to 
them ; but he used so many dis^isements, varieties, trans- 
formations, and inventions, whicn they, as if they had not 
counted them all, some one would have swome that he had 
made shew of more then tenne suits of apparrell, and more 
then twenty plumes of feathers : and let not that which I 
tell you of tne apparrell be counted impertinent, or from 
the matter; for it makes a principall part in the history. 
He would sit on a bench that stood under a great Poplar 
tree in the midst of the market place, and there would hold 
us all, with gaping mouthes, listening to the gallant adven- 
tures, and resolute acts he recounted unto us, there was no 
Land in all the world, whose soile he had not trodden on, 
no battell wherein he had not beene present, he had slaine 
more Moores, then the kingdomes of Morocco, and Tuney 
contained, and undertaken more single combats, as he saia, 
then ever did either Gant, Luna, or Diego Garcia de Paredes, 
and a thousand others whom he named, and yet hee still 
came away with the victory, without having ever left one 
drop of blood. On the other side he would shew us signes 
of wounds, which although they could not be discerned, 
yet would he perswade us, that they were the markes of 
bullets, which ne received in divers skirmishes, and warres. 
Finally he would thou his equals, and those which knew 
him very well, with marvellous arrogancy : and said, that his 
arme was his father, his works his linage, and that beside his 

269 



Goat-heard 



thttOHTied 
aw*r DoD- 
(Jiiixote. 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER being a Souldier, hee ought not a whit to the King. To 

XXIIII the§e his arrogancieB was annezt some ■uperfidall siull io 

Rektiiw thmt muaicke, for he could scratch a little on a Gytteme, and 

■hich tie tome would say that hee made it speake : but his many 

tolSoM S""'^ made not a stop there ; for hee had likewise some 

shadowes of Poetry, and so would make a ballad of a 

league and a halfe long, upon every toy that hapned in 

the Village. 

This souldier therefore, whom I have deciphered, thii 
Vincente of the Hose, this braggard, this Musician, thit 
Poet, eyed and beheld many times by Leandra from a cer- 
taine window of her house that looked into the Market 
place ; and the golden shew of his attire enamoured her : 
and his Ditties inchanted her ; for hee would give twentie 
Copies of every one he composed: The report of his worthy 
acts, beautified by himselfe, came also unto her eares, and 
finally (for so it is likely the Divell had ordered the matter) 
she became in Love with him, before he presumed to think 
once of soliciting her. And as in Love adventures no 
one is accomplished with more facilitie, then that which is 
favoured by the womans desire ; Leandra and Vincente mode 
a short ana easie agreement : and ere any one of her suiters 
could once suspect ner desires, shee had fully satisfied them, 
abandoned her deere and loving Fathers house, (for her 
mother lives not) and running away from the Village with 
the Souldier, who departed with more triumph from that 
enterprise, then from all the others which he had arrogated 
to himselfe. The accident amazed all the Towne, yea and all 
those to whome the rumour thereof arrived, were astonished, 
Anselmo amazed, her father sorrowfull, her k in sfolke ashamed. 
The ministers of lustice carefull, and the Troupers readie 
to make pursuit ; all the wayes were laide, and the woods, 
and every other place meerely searched ; and at the end 
of three dayes, they found the lustfiill Leandra hidden in 
a Cave within a wood, naked in her smocke, and dispoyled 
of a great summe of money, and many precious lewels, 
which shee had brought away with her : they returned her 
to her dolefull fathers presence, where asking how shee 
became so dispoyled, shee presently confessed, that Viooent 
870 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

of the Rose had deceived her : for having passed his word to CHAPTER 
make her his wife, he perswaded her to leave her fathers XXIIII 
house, and made her beleeve that hee would carrie her to Relatinff that 
the richest, and most delightfull Citie of the world, which p^*®\™j 
was Naples. And that shee through indiscretion, and his ^Id to^oss 
fraude, nad given credit to his words, and robbing her father, that carried 
stole away with him the very same night that shee was away Don- 
missed ; and that he caried her to a very rough Thicket, Quixote, 
and shut her up in that Cave wherein they found her: 
She also recounted how the Souldier, without touching her 
honour, had robd her of all that shee carried, and leaving 
her in that Cave, was fled away; which sucoesse stroke 
us into greater admiration then all the rest : for wee could 
hardly be induced to beleeve the yong gallants continencie, 
but shee did so earnestly protest it, as it did not a little 
comfort her comfortlesse tather, who made no reckoning 
of the riches hee had lost, seeing his daughter had yet re- 
served that leweU, which beins once gone, could never 
againe be recovered. The same aay that L<eandra appeared, 
shee also vanished out of our sights, being conveied away 
by her Father, and shut up in a Nunnene at a oertaine 
Towne not fiEurre off; hoping that time would illiterate some 
part of the bad opinion already conceived of his daughters 
facilitie. Leandra her youth served to excuse her errour, at 
least with those which gained nothing by her being good or 
ill ; but such as knew her discretion, and great wit, did not 
attribute her sinne to ignorance, but rather to her too much 
lightnesse, and the naturall infirmitie of that sexe, which 
for the most part is inconsiderate, and slipperie. Leandra 
bein^ shut up, Anselmos eyes lost their light, or at least 
beheld not any thing that could delight them; and mine 
remained in cmrknesse witiiout light, that could addresse 
them to any pleasing object in JLeandraes absence. Our 
griefes increased, our patience diminished, wee cursed the 
Souldiers ornaments, and abhord her Fathers want of 
looking to her. To be briefe, Anselmo and my selfe, re- 
solved to abandon the Village, and come to tiiis Valley, 
where hee feeding a great m)cke of Sheepe of his owne, 
and I as copious a Heard of Groates of mine, we passe our 

271 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub 

CHAPTER lives among these trees, giving vent to our passioiu, eitbe 
XXIIII by singing together the beautifull Leandtaea pnUBcs, o 
RsUUde tlut dispraises : or oy sighing alone, and alone commuiiicalanj 
which the oQp quarrelsome complaints with heaven. Many others o 
told to thoM ^'^^""'^ ' Suitors have since, by our example, come to thes 
thkt carried intricate woods, where they use our very exercise ; and the; 
awaj Don- are so many, as it seemes that this place is converted inti 
Quixote. the Pastorall Arcadia, it is ful of snepheardB and Sheep 

folds, and there is no one part thereof wherein the nami 
of the beautiful Leandra resoundeth not : There one dot] 
curse her, and termeth her humors inconstant and dishonest 
an other condemnes her of being bo facile and light ; som 
one absolves, and pardons her, another condemnes and de 
spises her, and celeorates her beautie, an other execrates he 
msposition, and finally, all blame, but yet adore her, ani 
the raving distraction of them all, doth so fifiiTe extend i 
selfe, as some one complaines of diedaine, that never spok 
word unto her, and some one laments, and feeles the inragei 
fits of Jealousie, though shee never ministred any occasioi 
thereof; for as I have said her sinne was knowne befor 
her desires ; There is no Clift of a Rocke, no banke of i 
streame, nor shadow of a tree, without some Shephean 
or other, that breathes out his misfortunes to the silen 
ayre. The Eccho repeates Leandras name, wheresoever i 
can be formed ; the woods resound Leandra, the brokes do 
murmur Leandra, and Leandra holds us all perplexed ani 
inchanted, hoping without hope, and fearing without know 
r ■ ledge what we feare. 

' I And among all this flocke of franticke men, none shewe 

-J more, or lease j udgement, then my companion Ansdmo ; wh< 

;. ' having so many other titles under which hee might plain 

._ i him, onely complaines of absence, and doth to the soun 

of a rebecke (which be handles admirably well) sing certain 
'. t dolefull verses, which fully discover the exc^encie of hi 

'i conceit. I follow a more easie, and (in mine opinion) 

:\ . more certaine way; to wit, I rayle on the lightnes of womei 

;; t on their inconstancie, double aealing, dead promises, crack 

I trust, and the small discretion they shewe in placing of tbei 

affections, and this Sir was the occasion of the words, an 
■ 878 



i^i/*^ 



IT] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

reasons I lately used to this Goate, whom I doe esteeme but CHAPTER 
little, because sbee is a female, althougb shee be otberwise XXIIII 
the best of all mv heard : And this is the Historie which Rela^nc that 
I promised to tell you, wherein if I have beeue prolixe, I p*"^!, L 
will bee altogether as large in doing you any service, for j^y ^ thoM 
I have here at hand my Cabine, and therein store of that carried 
fresh milke, and savory cheese, with many sortes of aw»y Don- 
excellent fruite, no lesse agreeable to the sight, "" *" 
then pleasing to the taste. 



CHAPTER XXV 

Of the falling out of Don-Quixote and the 

Goateheard : with the adventure of the 

disciplinants, to which the Knight 

gave end to his cost. 

njHE Goateheards tale bred a generatl de- 
light in all the hearers, but specially in 
the Canon, who did very exactly note the 
manner wherewithall he delivered it, a« 
different from the stile or discourse of 
a rude Goateheard, as approching to 
the discretion of a perfect Courtier ; and 
therefore he said, that the Curate had 
spoken very judiciously, in affirming that the woods bred 
learned men, all of them made bountifull tenders of their 
friendship and service to Eugenio, but hee that enlarged 
himselfe more then the rest, was Don-Quixote, who said 
unto him : certes, friend Goateheard, if I were at this time 
able to undertake any adventure, I would presently set for- 
ward, and fall in hand with it to doe you a good tume, and 
I would take Leandra out of the Monasterie (wherein with- 
out doubt shee is restrained against her will) in despight of 
the Ladie Abbesse, and of all those that should take her 
S : MM S78 




i^ 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [lu 

CHAPTER part; and would put her into your hands, to the end y< 
XXV might dispoK of her at your pleasure, yet still observing tl 
Of the MUd^ lawes of Knighthood, which command, that no man dt 
out 01 Don- ^jjy wrong, and offer violence unto a Damzell: yet I ho| 
the Goat»- ^° ^'^^ Lord God, that the skill of a malicious iQchauDt 
hnrd : with shall not be of such force, but that the science of a betb 
the adven- meaning wisard shall prevaile against him ; and whensoevi 
Jf*,**^*^" that shall befall, I doe promise you my helpe and favou 
to w£ich the' ^ ^ '">' bound by my profession, which chiefly consists j 
Knight gave ssisting the weake ana distressed. 

end to his cost The Groateheard beheld him, and seeing the Knight so i 
arrayed, and of so evill-favoured a countenance, hee woudret 
and questioned the Barber, who sate neare to him, thus : 
pray you Sir, who is this man, of so strange a figure, an 
that speakes so od^ P who else should he be, answers 
the Barber, but the famous Don-Quixote of the Mancha, ti 
rigbter of wrongs, the redresser of injuries, the protector ( 
Damzels, the affrighter of Giants, and the overcommear i 
battails? that which you say of this man, answered tl 
Goateheard, is very like that which in bookes of Chivalrie 
written of Knights Errant ; who did all those things whic 
you apply to this man : and yet I beleeve that either ya 
jest, or else that this Gentlemans head is voide of braine 
Thou art a great villaine, said Don-Quixote, and tho 
art hee whose pate wants braines ; for mine is fuller the 
the very, very whoores that bore thee ; and saying so, an 
snatching up a loafe of bread that stoode by him, he raugl: 
the Goateheard so furious a blow withall, as it beate his not 
flat to his face : but the other, who was not acquainted wit 
such jests, and saw how ill be was handled, without bavin 
respect to the Carpet, Napkins, or those that were eatinj 
he leaped upon Don-Quixote, and taking hold of bis colls 
with both tne hands, would certainely nave strangled bin 
if Sancho Pan^a had not arrived at that very instant, an 
taking him fast behinde, had not throwen him backe on th 
Table, crushing dishes, breaking glasses, and shedding, an 
i-'l overthrowing all that did lie upon it. Don-Quixote seein 

himselfe free, returned to get upon the Goateheard, wh 
all besmeered with blood, and trampled to pieces undi 
274 



.t> 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

Sancho's feete, groped here and there groveling as hee was CHAPTER 
for some knife or other to take a bloudy revenge withall, ^^^^ 
but the Canon and Curate prevented his purpose; and yet, Of the fklling 
by the Barbers assistance, he got under him Don-Quixote, out of Don- 
on whome hee rained such a shower of buffets, as hee powred Sl^t^ 
as much bloud from the poore Knights face, as had done heard: with 
from his owne : The Canon and Curate were ready to burst the adven- 
for laughter: The Troupers danced for sport; every one tureofthe 
hissed, as men use to do when Dogges fall out, and quarrell f^jS^J^^' 
together : onely Sancho Panfa was wood, because he could Knight gave 
not get from one of the Canons Servingmen, who withheld endtohiscott 
him from going to helpe his Master. In conclusion, all 
being verie menr* save the two buffetants, that tugged one 
another extremely, they heard the sound of a trumpet so 
dolefull, as it made them tume their faces towards that 
part from whence it seemed to come: but hee that was 
most troubled at the noyse thereof, was Don-Quixote ; who 
although he wasr under the Groatheard, full sore against his 
will, and by him exceedingly bruised and battered, yet said 
unto him : brother divelT (for it is impossible that thou 
canst be any other, seeing that thou hast had valour and 
strength to subject my forces) I pray thee let us make truce 
for one onely houre ; for the dolorous sound of that trumpet 
which toucheth our eares, doth mee thinks, invite me to 
some new adventure. The Goatheard, who was weary of 
buffeting, and being beaten, left him off incontinently, and 
Don -Quixote stood up, and turned himselfe towards the 
place from whence he imagined the noyse to prooeede, and 
presently he espyed descending from a certaine height 
many men apparelled in white like disciplinants. The 
matter indeed was, that the clowdes had that yeere denyed 
to bestow their due on the earth, and therefore they did 
institute Rogations, Processions, and Disciplines, through- 
out all that Countrey, to desire almighty Grod to open 
the hands of his mercy, and to bestow some raine upon 
them : and to this effect, the people of a Village, neere 
unto that place, came in Procession to a devout Eremi- 
tage builded upon one of the hilles that invironed that 
ViUly. 

275 



Of the falling 
out of Don- 
Quixote and 
theGoate- 
heud: with 
the adven- 
ture of the 
diadplinanta, 
to which the 
Knight gave 
•ndtohlicott. 



;|i 



L 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [uk 

Don-Quixote noting the strange attyre of the Disciplin' 
ants, without any calling to memorie how bee had often seei 
the like before, did forthwith imagine that it waa some nei 
adventure, and that the triall thereof only appertained tc 
him, as to a Knight errant: and this bis preBumption ww 
fortilied the more, by beleeving that an Image which thq 
carried all covered over with blacke, was some principal 
Lady whom those miscreants and discourteous KniKbts diiJ 
beare away perforce. And as soone as this fell into bis brain, 
he leaped lightly towards Sozinante, that went feeding uc 
and downe the Flaines, and dismounting ^m bis pomell 
the bridle, and his target that hanged tiiereat, he bridlec 
him in a trice; and taking his sword from Sancho, go1 
instantly upon his horse, and then imbracing bis target 
said in a loud voyce to all those that were present: you 
shall now see, O valorous companv, bow important a tlunj 
it is to have in the world such Enights as professe the ordei 
of Chivalrie errant : now I say, you shall disceme by tht 
freeing of that good Ladie, who is there canyed captivt 
away, whether Knights adventurous are to be held in price 
and saying so, be strucke Rozinante with bis heeles (foi 
spurres he had none) and making him to gallop (for it ii 
not read in any part of this true Historic, that Rozinanti 
did ever passe one formall or full career) be posted tc 
incounter the disciplinants, although the Curate, Canon 
and Barber, did what they might to withhold him, but al! 
was not possible ; and much Icsse could he be detained b3 
these outcries of Sancho, saying, whether do you goe, Sii 
Don-Quixote? what Divels doe you beare in your bresi 
that incite you to runnc thus against the Catholike fiiith i 
see Sir, unfortunate that I am, how that is a Procession ol 
disci plinants, and that the Lady wham they beare, is th( 
blessed Image of the immaculate Virgin, looks Sir, wha1 
you doe, for at this time it may well be said, that you art 
not you know what. But Sancho laboured in vaine, for hii 
Lord rode with so greedie a desire to encounter the wbiti 
men, and deliver the morning Ladie, as he heard not ( 
word, and although he bad, yet would be not then havi 
returned back at the Kings commandement. Being comi 

876 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

at last, neere to the Procession, and stopping Rozinante CHAPTER 

(who had already a sreat desire to rest himselfe a while) he ^^^^ 

said with a troubled and hoarse voice: O you that cover Of the foiling 

your faces, perhaps because you are not good men, give eare S^*.^^J?^°'j 

and listen to what I shall say : the first that stood at this the^oate- 

alarme, were those which carried the Image ; and one of the heard : with 

foure Priests which sung the Litanies, beholding the strange the adven- 

shape of Don-Quixote, the leannesse of Rozinante, and other V?**.®/^® 

circumstances worthy of laughter, which he noted in our ^ wf iS*the' 

Knight, returned him quickly this answere Good Sir, if you Knight gave 

would say any thing to us, say it instantly; for these honest endtohisoost 

men, as you see, are toiled extremely; and therefore wee 

cannot, nor is it reason wee should stand lingring to heare 

any thing, if it be not so brief, as it may be delivered in 

two words ; I will say it in one, said Don-Quixote, and it is 

this, that you doe forthwith give libertie to that beautifuU 

Lady, whose teares and pittifuU semblance cleerely denote, 

that you carrie her away against her will, and have done her 

some notable injurie ; and I, who was borne to right such 

wrongs, will not permit her to passe one step forward, untill 

shee be wholly possessed of the freedome shee doth so much 

desire and deserve. All those that over-heard Don-Quixote, 

gathered by his words that he was some distracted man; 

and therefore beganne to laugh vei^ hartily, which laughing 

seemed to adde gun-powder to his choler; for laying his 

hand on his sword without any more words, he presently 

assaulted the Image-carriers ; one whereof leaving the charge 

of the burden to his fellowes, came out to encounter the 

Knight with a wooden forke (whereon he supported the 

beere whensoever they made a stand) and receyving upon 

it a great blow which Don-Quixote discharged at him, it 

parted the forke in two ; and yet hee with the peece that 

remained in his hand, returned the Knight such a thwacke 

upon the shoulder, on the sword side, as nis target not being 

able to make resistance against that rusticall force, poore 

Don-Quixote was overthrowen to the ground, and extremely 

bruised. 

Sancho Pan9a (who had followed him, puffing and blowing 
as fast as he could) seeing him overthrowne, ciyed to his 

277 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["= 

CHAPUR adversary that hee should strike him no more : for he wa 
^^^ a poore inchaunted Knight, that had never all the daies a 
Of the ftlling his life done any man harme : but that which detajmed thi 
*?**''[^''' swaine, was not Sanchos outcries, but to see that Don 
tbeGMto- Quixote stirred neither hand nor foote, and therefore be 
hwrd : with leeving that he had slaine him, hee tucked up his coate ti 
the adven- his girdle aa soone as be could, and ded away through tb 
dtad'u^to ^^^^ ^^^ * Deere. In the meane while, Don-Quixote 
to wEich the' Cojopanions did hasten to the place where hee lay, wtei 
Knight gave those of the Procession teeing them (but prindpally tb 
•ndtohiscoat troupers of the holy Brotherhood with their Crosae-bowea 
ninne towards them, did feare some disastrous successe ; am 
therefore, they gathered together in a troupe about tin 
Image, and lifting up their hoods, and laying fast bold oi 
their whips, and tbe Priests on their Tapers, they attendet 
the assault, with resolution both to defend themselves, an< 
offend the assaylants if they might : but Fortune dispoaei 
the matter better then they expected ; for Sancho did no 
thing else then throw himselfe on his Lords body, making 
over him the most dolorous and ridiculous lamentation a 
the world, and beleeving that hee was dead. The Curat 
was knowen by the other Curate that came in the proces 
sion ; and their acquaintance appeased the conceived fear 
of the two squadrons. The first Curate, in two words, [told 
the other what Don-Quixote was, and therefore he, and al 
the crue of the Disciplinants went over to see, whether tin 

I poore Knight were dead or alive; and then might hear 

Sancho Pan^a, with the teares in his eyes, bewayling him ii 
this manner. O flower of Chivalrie, who hast with one bloi 
alone ended the Carreere of thy so well bestowed Peeres P ( 
renowme of this linage, the honour and glorie of all thi 
I Mancha, yea and of all the world beside ; which seeing i 

' . wanteth thee, shall remaine full of miscreants, secure fron 

I beeing not punished for their misdeedes. O liberall beyoni 

\ ■ all Alexanders, seeing thou hast given mee, for onely for eigh 

moneths service, the best Iland that the Sea doeth compaas 
I or ingirt. O humble to the proud, and stately to th 

I humbled, undertaker of perils, indurer of afironts, enamouret 

without cause, imitator of good men, whip of the evill 
278 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

enemie of the wicked, and in conclusion, Knight Errant, CHAPTER 
then which no greater thing may be. said. ^^^ 

Don-Quixote was called againe to himselfe by Sancho his Of the fmlling 
out-cries, and then the first word that ever he spake was ; ?{J^^^°"j 
he that lives absented from thee most sweet Duldnea, is ^ble^mte^ 
subject to greater miseries then this : helpe me friend heard : with 
Sancho, to get up into the inchanted Chariote againe, for the adven- 
I am not in plight to oppresse Rozinantes Saddle, having J?'*.*!^*^*^ 
this shoulder broken all into peeces that I will doe with a ^ ^^^h tl^ 
very good wil, my deere Lord, replied the Squire ; and let Knight gave 
us retume to my village, in company of those Gentlemen, eodtohlscott 
which desire your welfare so much ; and there we will take 
order for some other voyage, which may bee more profitable, 
and famous then this hath beene. Thou speakest reasonably, 
Sancho, replied Don-Quixote, and it will bee a neat wise- 
dome to let overpasse the crosse aspect of those Planets that 
raigne at this present. The Canon, Curate, and Barbour 
commended his resolution: and so having taken delight 
enough in Sancho Pancas simplicitie, they placed Don- 
Quixote as before in the Teame. The Prooessioners return- 
ing into their former order, did prosecute their way; the 
goateheard tooke leave of them all. The troupers would 
not ride anv farther, and therefore the Curate satisfied them 
for the pames they had taken: The Canon intreated the 
Curate to let him understand all that succeeded of Don- 
Quixote ; to wit, whether he amended of his firenzie, or grew 
more distracted, and then he tooke leave, to continue his 
journey. Lastly, all of them departed, the Curate, Barber, 
Don-Quixote, Sancho Panfa, and the good Rozinante onely 
remaining behind. Then the waineman yoked his Oxen, 
and accommodated the Knight on a bottle of Hay; and 
afterward followed on in his wonted low maner, tliat way 
which the Curate directed. At the end of two dayes they 
arrived to Don-Quixotes Village, into which they entred 
about noone ; this befell on a Sunday, when all the people 
were in the Market stead, through the middle whereot Don- 
Quixotes Cart did passe : all of them drew neere to see what 
came in it, and wnen they knew their Countrie man, they 
were marvellously astonished : the whilst a little boy ranne 

S79 



THE FIRST PART OF THE ["b. 

CHAPTER home before, to tell the old Wife and the Knights niese^ 
^^V that their Lord and uncle was returned, very leane, pale. 
Of the falling disfigured, and stretcht all along on a bundell of Hay. 
out of Don It would have moved one to compassion, to have heard 

the^Smte^ the lamentations, and out-cries, then raisd by the two good 
heard : with ^omen, the blowes they gave themselves, and the curses and 
theadven- execrations which they powred out against all Bookes of 
tureofthe Knighthood, all which was againe renewed, when they saw 
KfccrSS' Don-Quixote himselfe entred m at their doores. At the 
Knight gave ^'^^^ ^^ this his arrival, Sancho Pan9as wife repaired also 
endtohiscost to get some tidings of her goodman ; for shee had learned 

that hee was gone away with the Knight, to serve him as 
his Squire, ana as soon as ever shee saw her husband, the 
question shee asked him was, whether the Asse were in 
health or no. Sancho answered that he was come in better 
health then his Master : God be thanked, quoth she, who 
hath done me so great a favour : but tell mee now friend, 
what profit hast thou reaped by this thy Squireship ? What 
Peticote hast thou brought me home? What siiooes for 
thy little boyes ? I bring none of these things, good wife, 
quoth Sancho, although I bring other things of more mo- 
ment [and] estimation : I am very glad of that, quoth bis 
wife; shew me those things of more moment and estima- 
tion good friend : for I would faine see them, to the end 
that this heart of mine may be cheered, which hath beene 
so swolne and sorrowfull, all the time of thine absence. 
Thou shalt see them at home quoth Sancho, and therefore 
rest satisfied for this time ; for and it please Grod, that we 
travaile once againe to seeke adventures, thou shalt see me 
shortly after an Earle, or Govemour of an Hand, and that 
not every ordinarie one neither, but of one of the best in the 
World. I pray God, Husband, it may be so, (replied she) 
for wee have very great need of it. But what means that 
Hand ? for I understand not the word. Honny is not made 
for the Asses mouth, quoth Sancho : wife thou shalt know 
it in good time, yea, and shalt wonder, to heare the title 
of Ladiship given thee by all thy vassalles. What is that 
thou speakest, Sancho, of Lordships, Ilands, and vassalles ? 
Answered loan Panca (for so was shee called, although her 
280 




IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

husband and shee were not kinsfolke ; but by reason that CHAPTER 
in the Mancha, the wives are usually called after their ^^^^ 
husbands surname) Doe not busie thy selfe loan, quoth OfthefaUing 
Sancho, to know those things on such a suddaine ; let it q^*.^^^% 
suffice that I tell thee the truth, and therewithall sow up the^Goste^ 
thy mouth. I will onely say thus much unto thee, as it heard: with 
were by the way, that there is nothing in the world so the adven- 
pleasant, as for an honest man to be the Squire of a Knight *?'*, ^f *^*t- 
Errant, that seekes Adventures. It is very true, that the towfcch^e' 
greatest number of Adventures found out, succeeded not to Kuight gave 
a mans satisfaction so much as he would desire: for of a endtohiscost 
hundred tha.t are incountred, the ninetie and nine are wont 
to be crosse and untoward ones ; I know it by experience, 
for I have come away my selfe out of some of them well can- 
vassed, and out of others well beaten. But yet for all that, 
it is a fine thing to expect events, traverse groves, search 
woods, tread on rockes, visit Castles, and lodge in Innes 
at a mans pleasure, without paying the divell a crosse. 

All these discourses passed betweenc Sancho Panfa, and 
his Wife loan Panfa, whilst the old woman and Don- 
Quixotes Niece did receive him, put off his clothes, and lay 
him downe in his ancient bed : nee looked upon them very 
earnestly, and could not conjecture where he was. The 
Curate charged the Niece to cherish her Vncle very care- 
fully, and that they should lookc wel that he made not the 
third escape ; relating at large all the adoe that they had 
to bring him home. Here TOth the women renewed their 
exclamations : their execrations of all bookes of Knight- 
hood here came to be reiterated : here they besought heaven 
to throw downe into the very Center of the bottomlesse 
Pit, the outcries of so many lies and ravings. Finally, 
they remained perplexed and timerous, that iJiey should 
lose agfdn their Master and Vncle, as soon as he was any 
thing recovered; and it befell just as they suspected: but 
the Authour of this Historic, although he have with all 
diligence and curiositie inauired after Uie Acts atchieved by 
Don-Quixote in his thira sally to seeke Adventures, yet 
could he never attaine (at least by authenticall Writing) 
to any notice of them : Only Fame hath left in the memories 

2 : NN S81 



THE FIRST PART OF THE [ub. 



CHAPTER of the Mancha, that Don-Quixote, after his third escape, 

^^^ at Qaragofa ; and present at certaine fiunous justs made in 
Of the felling that Cittie ; and that therein befell him events most worthy 
Chdx^to^'^d ^^ ^^^ valour and good wit. But of his end hee could findle 
J][]^^^^ nothing, nor ever should have knowne ou^ht, if good for- 
heard : with tune had not offered to his view an old Phisition, who had 
theadven- in his custodie a leaden Box, which, as he a£Srmed, was 
VJ'®.®,^^® found in the ruines of an old Eremitage, as it was a re- 
tow?ichthe' P*i""gi ^^ which box were certaine scrolles of Parchment 
Knight gave written with Grothicall Characters, but containing Castilian 
endtohiscost verses, which comprehended many of his Acts, and specified 

Dulcinea of Toboso her beautie, decyphered Rozinante, and 
intreated of Sancho Pan9as fidelity ; as also of Don-Quixotes 
Sepulchre, with sundry Epitaphes, and Elogies, of his life 
and manners, and those that could bee read and copied out 
throughly, were those that are here set downe by the faith- 
full Authour of this new and unmatched relation. Which 
Authour demaunds of the Readers no other guerdon, in 
regard of his huge travaile spent in the search of all the old 
records of the Mancha, for the bringing thereof unto light, 
but that they will deigne to afford it as much credit as dis- 
creet men are wont to give unto bookes of Eiiighthood, which 
are of so ^at reputation now a daies in the world ; for here- 
with he will rest most fully contented, and satisfied; and with- 
all incouraged to publish and seeke out for other discourses, 
if not altogether so true as this, at least of as great, both 
invention, and recreation. The first words written 
in the Scrowle of Parchement, that was found 
in the leaden box, were these. 



^ 



282 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 



THE ACADEMIKES OF ARGAMASILLA, 

a Towne of the Mancha, on the life and death 
of the valorous Don-Quixote of the Mancha, 

hoc scripserunt. 

AN EPITAPHE OF MONICONGO THE ACADEMIKE 
OF ARGAMASILLA, TO DON-QUIXOTES 

SEPULCHER 

The claUrinff Thunderbolt that did adorne 

The M anena, with more spoiles then lason, Creete : 
The wit, whose wether-cocke, was sharpe as Thome, 
When somewhat flatter it to be was meete. 

The arme which did his power so much dilate. 
As it Gaeta and Cathay did retch. 
The dreadfulst Muse, and eke discreetest, that 
In brazen sheetes, did praises ever stretch. 

He that the Amadises left behinde, 

And held the Galaors but in small esteeme : 
Both for his braverie and his loving minde. 
He dumbe that made Don Belianis to seeme : 
And he that farre on Rozinante erde. 
Under this frozen stone doth lye interde. 



PANIAGUADO AN ACADEMIKE OF ARGA- 
MASILLA, IN PRAISE OF DULCINEA 

OF TOBOSO 

SONNET 

She which you view with triple face and sheene, 
High brested and couragious like a man. 
Is tall Dulcinea of Toboso Queene, 
Of great Quixote welbeloved than. 

S88 



THE FIR3T PART OF THE [lib. 

He for her sake, treads th^ one and th^ other side 
Of the browne mountaine, and the fisunous fields 
Of Montiel and Aran luez so wide, 
On foote all tyrde, loaden with speare and shield. 

(The fault was Rozinantes :) O hard starre ! 

That this M anch^an Dame and Worthy Ejiight, . 

In tender yeeres when people strongest are, 

She lost by death the glimpse of beautie bright : 

And he although in Marble richly done : 

Yet Loves wrath and deceits, she could not shunne. 



CAPRICHIOSO THE MOST INGENIOUS 

ACADEMICKE OF ARGAMASILLA, IN PRAISE OF 

ROZINANTE, DON-QUIXOTE HIS STEEDE 

SONNET 

Into the proud erected Diamond stocke. 

Which Mars with bloudie plants so often boared, 
Halfe wood with valour, the Manchegan stucke 
His wavMng Standard : and his Armes restored. 

For them thereon he hung, and his bright sword. 
Wherewith he hacks, rents, parts, and overthrowes ; 
(New prowesses,) to which Art must affoord 
New stiles on this new Palatine to gloze. 

And if Gaule, much her Amadis does prize 
Whose brave discendants have illustred Greece, 
And fild it fiiU of Tropheis and of Fame : 
Much more Bellonas Court doth solemnize 
Quixote : whose like in Gaule, nor Grecia is. 
So honourd^s none, as in Mancha, his name. 

Let no oblivion his glory staine. 

Seeing in swiftnesse Kozinant his steede 
Even Bayard doth, and Briliador exoeede. 



884 



IV] HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

BURLADOR ACADEMICKE OF AR6AMASILLA, 

TO SANCHO PANgA 

SONNET 

Thi8 Sancho Pan9a is of body little, 
But yet, O miracle ! in valour great, 
The simplest Squire, and sooth to say, lest suttle 
That in this world I sweare, lived ever yet. 

From being an Earle, he scarce was a threeds bread, 
Had not at once conspirM to crosse his euerdon. 
The malice of the times, and men misled. 
Which scarce an Asse incountring, would him pardon. 

Upon the like he rode, O give me leave 

To tell how this meeke Squire after the horse 

Mild Rozinante, and his Liord did drive ! 

O ! then vaine hopes of men, what thing is worse ? 

Which prooves us, desired ease to lend, 

Yet doe at last in smokes our glories end. 



CACHIDIABLO ACADEMICKE OF ARGAMASBLLA, 
ON DONQUIXOTE HIS TOMBE 

AN EPrr APH 

The worthy Knight lies there 
Well bruised, but evil-andant 
Who borne on Rozinante 
Rode waies both farre and neere. 
Sancho his faithfull Squire 
Panca ycleep^d also 
Lietn besides him too : 
In his trade without peere. 

S85 



HISTORIE OF DON QUIXOTE 

TIQUrrOC ACADEMICKE OF AR6AMASILLA, ON 
DULCINEA OF TOBOSOS SEPULCHER 

AN EFTCAPH 

DuLCiNEA here beneath 
lies, though of flesh so round, 
To dust and ashes ground. 
By fowle and ou^ly Death. 
Shee was of genUe breath, 
And somewhat like a Dame, 
Bein^ great Quixotes flame, 
And ner Townes glorie, eatii. 

These were the Verses that could be read, as for the rest, 
in respect that they were halfe consumed and eaten away 
by time, they were delivered to a SchoUer, that hee mig^t by 
conjectures declare their meaning : and we have had intel- 
ligence that he hath done it witib the cost of many nights 
watching, and other great paines, and that he meanes 
to publish them, and also gives hope of a third 
sallie made by Don-Quixote. 



FINIS 



S86 



s 



