Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 
in  2011  with  funding  from 
Brigham  Young  University 


http://www.archive.org/details/historyofvalorouOOcerv 


Library  of  English    Classics 


CERVANTES 


I  The  History  of  the 

Valorous  &^  Witty  Knight-Errant 

Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha 

By    Miguel    de   Cervantes 


Translated  by   Thomas  Shelton 


IN    THREE    VOLS.— VOL.    I 


London 

Macmillan   and   Co,   Limited 

New  York  :    The  Macmillan  Company 
I  900 


GLASGOW  :    PRINTED   AT   THE   UNIVERSITY  PRESS 
BY   ROBERT   MACLEHOSE  AND   CO. 


BIBLIOGRAPHICAL    NOTE 

In  i6i2  Thomas  Shelton,  whose  version  of  Don  Quixote 
is  here  reprinted,  wrote  in  his  Dedication  to  what  is  now 
known  as  the  '  First  Part/  of  "  having  translated  some 
five  or  six  years  ago  ^  The  History  of  Don  Quixote '  out 
of  the  Spanish  tongue  into  the  English  in  the  space  of 
forty  days."  The  '  six '  in  this  assertion  is  impossible, 
for  the  diligence  of  Mr.  Fitzmaurice  Kelly,  the  editor 
of  Shelton  in  the  'Tudor  Translations'  (Nutt,  1896), 
has  shown  that  it  was  the  text  of  the  Brussels  edition 
of  1607  which  Shelton  used.  But  there  is  no  reason 
to  doubt  that  his  version  was  made  in  this  year,  1607, 
and  his  quickness  in  introducing  to  his  friends  a  book 
which  had  only  appeared  in  Spain  in  1605  was  a  first 
proof  of  that  English  enthusiasm  for  Don  Quixote, 
which  has  since  produced  many  excellent  contributions 
to  his  fame.  Despite  the  delay  in  its  publication, 
Shelton's  translation  preceded  that  of  any  other  foreign 
version,  its  nearest  rival  being  the  French  rendering  by 
Cesar  Oudin,  which  appeared  in  16 14.  Both  books 
were  nearly  thumbed  out  of  existence,  for  when  the 
British  Museum  in  1895  ^^^  ^^^  good  luck  to  acquire 
first  the  one  and  then  the  other,  the  copy  of  Oudin 
was  supposed  to  be  unique,  and  of  that  of  Shelton  the 
only    other    known    was    that    in    the    library   of   Lord 


vi  BIBLIOGRAPHICAL   NOTE 

Ashburnham.  Other  Sheltons  have  since  come  to  light, 
and  other  Oudins  may  be  in  existence,  but  it  is  evident 
that  neither  with  French  nor  with  English  readers  was 
Don  Quixote  likely  to  remain  long  undisturbed  on  a 
book-shelf. 

Extorted  at  last  from  Cervantes  by  the  publication  of 
'  Avellaneda's '  Segundo  'Tomo  del  Ingenioso  Hidalgo  Don 
Quixote  de  la  Mancha  in  the  summer  of  1614,  the  true 
continuation  appeared  towards  the  close  of  the  following 
year,  and  if  we  lay  to  the  door  of  the  pirate  its  hurried 
conclusion,  it  is  probable  that  without  the  sting  of  this 
dishonest  competition  Part  11.  would  never  have  appeared 
at  all.  The  Brussels  edition  of  it  was  published  in 
February,  1616,  and  proceeding  more  leisurely  this  time 
Shelton  completed  his  English  rendering  in  time  for  it 
to  appear  in  1620,  issuing  also  with  it  a  reprint  of  his 
version  of  Part  I.,  in  which  he  altered  a  good  many 
phrases  in  the  first  few  pages,  and  touched  up  a  sentence 
here  and  there  later  on. 

The  161 2  text  of  Part  I.  has  been  made  available 
by  Mr.  Fitzmaurice  Kelly's  scholarly  reprint  in  the 
Tudor  Translations  ;  in  the  present  edition  the  text 
of  1620  has  been  followed  throughout  the  whole  work 
in  order  to  introduce  the  few  corrections  which  Shelton 
took  the  trouble  to  make  in  the  first  part.  We  may 
wish  that  he  had  made  many  more,  or,  in  a  word,  that 
his  translation  was  as  uniformly  exact  as  it  is  uniformly 
racy  and  untrammelled.  But  the  temper  in  which  a 
man  takes  upon  him  to  translate  a  contemporary  novel 
which  has  pleased  him,  and  that  in  which  he  approaches 
a  recognized  classic  are  distinct  enough,  and  in  the 
joyous  and  courageous  handling  which  results  from  the 


BIBLIOGRAPHICAL   NOTE  vii 

contemporary's  lack  of  reverence,  though  he  misrepresent 
the  letter  more  often  than  is  creditable,  he  may  well 
catch  such  a  portion  of  his  author's  spirit,  as  more 
learned  and  painstaking  successors  can  only  envy.  In 
a  translator  of  Don  Quixote  one  touch  of  Cervantes' 
spirit  atones  for  a  dozen  verbal  slips,  and  it  is  be- 
cause Shelton  had  a  true  feeling  of  kinship  with  his 
author  that  his  version  has  here  been  preferred  to  any 
other. 

As  to  who  Shelton  was,  Mr.  Alexander  Wright  has 
suggested  a  probable  answer  in  a  pamphlet  entitled 
Thomas  Shelton^  "Translator^  printed  in  1898.  In  one  of 
his  marginal  notes  (Vol.  III.,  p.  64)  Shelton  alludes  to 
'the  cries  of  the  wild  Irish,'  and  it  appears  that  in  1599 
a  Shelton  who,  earlier  in  the  decade,  had  been  in  the 
service  of  the  Lord  Deputy  at  Dublin  Castle  was  aiding 
Florence  MacCarthy  in  a  treasonable  correspondence  with 
the  King  of  Spain,  and  therefore  presumably  knew  Spanish. 
Again,  to  the  Restitution  of  'Decayed  Intelligence^  published 
by  Richard  Verstegan,  another  Englishman  on  the 
Catholic  side,  a  Thomas  Shelton  contributed  four  seven- 
lined  stanzas  headed  '  To  his  deer  frende  M.  Richard 
Verstegan.'  Mr.  Wright  suggests  that  Verstegan  was 
not  only  the  '  deer  frende '  of  this  sonnet,  but  '  the  very 
deere  friend '  to  whose  importunity  Shelton  alludes  in 
his  dedication  to  Lord  Howard  de  Walden.  Mr. 
Wright  also  points  out  that  Lord  Howard  de  Walden's 
mother  had  as  her  great-aunt  an  Anne  Shelton,  sister 
to  the  Sir  John  Shelton  who  hastened  to  Queen  Mary 
at  Kenninghall  on  the  death  of  Edward  VI.  The 
connection  is  a  little  remote,  but  it  nevertheless  seems 
probable  that  our  translator  came  of  the  stock  of  these 
Norfolk    Sheltons    and    was    the    Irish    agent    of    shifty 


viii  BIBLIOGRAPHICAL   NOTE 

loyalty  whose  doings  are  chronicled  in  the  '  State 
Papers.'  Whatever  his  birth  and  whatever  his  loyalty, 
he  had  a  fine  command  of  the  English  tongue,  and 
that  is  our  concern  with  him  here. 

Alfred  W.  Pollard. 


CONTENTS  OF  VOLUME   I 

PAGE 

Dedications,  .  .  ...  .  xii 

Author's  Preface  to  the  Reader  ,      .  .  xv 

Sonnets,  .......        xxiii 

THE   FIRST  PART 

CHAP. 

I.  Wherein  is  rehearsed  the  Calling  and  Exercise  of  the 

Renowned  Gentleman,  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,  i 

II.  Of  the   First   Sally   that   Don    Quixote   made   to   seek 

Adventures,    ......  7 

III.  Wherein   is  recounted   the  Pleasant  Manner  observed 

in  the  Knighting  of  Don  Quixote,  .  .  I^ 

IV.  Of  that    which    befel    to    our    Knight    after    he    had 

departed  from  the  Inn,      .  .  .  .  21 

V.  Wherein   is  prosecuted   the   former   Narration   of  our 

Knight's  Misfortunes,         .  .  .  .  28 

VI.   Of  the  pleasant  and  curious  Search  made  by  the  Curate 

and  the  Barber  of  Don  Quixote's  Library,  .  33 

VII.  Of  the  Second  Departure  which  our  good  Knight,  Don 

Quixote,  made  from  his  House,  to  seek  Adventures,  41 


X  CONTENTS 

CHAP.  PAGE 

VIII.  Of  the  good  success  Don  Quixote  had  in  the  dreadful 
and  never-imagined  Adventure  of  the  Windmills, 
with  other  Accidents  worthy  to  be  recorded,         .  47 


THE    SECOND    BOOK 

I.  Wherein  is  related  the  Events  of  the  fearful  Battle 
which  the  gallant  Biscaine  fought  with  Don 
Quixote,    ......  5^ 

II.  Of  that  which  after  befel  Don  Quixote  when  he  had 

left  the  Ladies,      .....  62 

III.  Of  that  which  passed  between  Don  Quixote  and  cer- 

tain Goatherds,      ,  ,  ,  .  .  S"] 

IV.  Of   that   which    one   of   the    Goatherds   recounted   to 

those  that  were  with  Don  Quixote,  .  .  74 

V.   Wherein   is   finished   the   History   of  the   Shepherdess 

Marcela,  with  other  Accidents,      .  .  .  81 

VI.  Wherein   are   rehearsed   the   despairing   Verses   of   the 

dead  Shepherd,  with  other  unexpected  Accidents,  .  91 


THE   THIRD    BOOK 

I.  Wherein  is  rehearsed  the  unfortunate  Adventure  which 
happened  to  Don  Quixote,  by  encountering  with 
certain  Yanguesian  Carriers ^ .  .  .  .  loi 

II.  Of  that  which  happened  unto  the  ingenious   Knight, 

within  the  Inn,  which  he  supposed  to  be  a  Castle,  109 

III.  Wherein  are  rehearsed  the  innumerable  Misfortunes 
which  Don  Quixote  and  his  good  Squire  Sancho 
suffered  in  the  Inn,  which  he,  to  his  harm,  thought 
to  be  a  Castle,       .  .  .  .  .  117 


CONTENTS  xi 

CHAP.  PAGE 

IV.  Wherein  are  rehearsed  the  Discourses  passed  between 
Sancho  Panza  and  his  Lord,  Don  Quixote,  with 
other  Adventures  worthy  the  recital,  .  .  126 

V.  Of  the  discreet  Discourses  passed  between  Sancho  and 
his  Lord,  with  the  Adventure  succeeding  of  a  dead 
body,  and  other  notable  Occurrences,         .  .  137 

VL  Of  a  wonderful  Adventure  achieved  with  less  hazard 
than  ever  any  other  Knight  did  any,  by  the  valorous 
Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,        .  .  .  145 

VIL  Of  the  high  Adventure  and  rich  Winning  of  the  Helmet 
of  Mambrino,  with  other  Successes  which  befel 
the  invincible  Knight,        .  .  .  .  i^o 

VIIL  Of  the  liberty  Don  Quixote  gave  to  many  wretches, 
who  were  a-carrying  perforce  to  a  place  they 
desired  not,  .  .  .  .  .  171 

IX.  Of  that  which  befel  the  famous  Don  Quixote  in  Sierra 
Morena,  which  was  one  of  the  most  rare  Adven- 
tures that  in  this  or  any  other  so  authentic  a 
history  is  recounted,  .  .  .  .  183 

X.  Wherein     is     prosecuted     the    Adventure     of    Sierra 

Morena,    .  .  .  .  .  .196 

XI.  Which  treats  of  the  strange  Adventures  that  happened 
to  the  Knight  of  the  Mancha  in  Sierra  Morena  ; 
and  of  the  penance  he  did  there,  in  imitation  of 
Beltenebros,  .....  206 

XII.  Wherein  are  prosecuted  the  Pranks  played  by  Don 
Quixote  in  his  amorous  humours,  in  the  Moun- 
tains of  Sierra  Morena,     .  ,  .  .224 

XIII.  How  the  Curate  and  the  Barber  put  their  design  in 
practice,  with  many  other  things  worthy  to  be 
recorded  in  this  famous  History,  .  .  .  233 


xii  CONTENTS 


THE    FOURTH    BOOK 

CHAP.  PAGE 

I.  Wherein  is  discoursed  the  New  and  Pleasant  Adven- 
ture that  happened  to  the  Curate  and  the  Barber 
in  Sierra  Morena,  .  .  .  .  .         253 

II.  Which  treats  of  the  discretion  of  the  beautiful  Dorothea, 
and  the  artificial  manner  used  to  dissuade  the 
amorous  Knight  from  continuing  his  Penance ; 
and  how  he  was  gotten  away  ;  with  many  other 
delightful  and  pleasant  Occurrences,  .  .  269 

III.  Of   many    Pleasant     Discourses    passed    between    Don 

Quixote  and  those  of  his  Company,  after  he   had 
abandoned  the  rigorous  place  of  his   Penance,        .  283 

IV.  Of  the   Pleasant    Discourses   continued   between    Don 

Quixote  and  his  Squire  Sancho  Panza,  with  other 
Adventures,  .....  294 

V.  Treating  of  that  which  befel  all  Don  Quixote  his  Train 

in  the  Inn,  .....  304 

VI.  Wherein    is    rehearsed    the    History    of    the    Curious- 
Impertinent,  .  .  .  .  .  312 

VII.  Wherein    is   prosecuted   the    History   of  the    Curious- 
Impertinent,  .  .  .  .  .334 


To  the  Right  Honourable  His  Very  Good  Lord, 
The  Lord  of  Walden,  etc. 

Mine  Honourable  Lord, — 

Having  translated,  some  five  or  six  years  ago,  the  History 
of  Don  Quixote,  out  of  the  Spanish  tongue  into  English,  in 
the  space  of  forty  days, — being  thereunto  more  than  half 
enforced  through  the  importunity  of  a  very  dear  friend 
that  was  desirous  to  understand  the  subject, — after  I  had 
given  him  once  a  view  thereof,  I  cast  it  aside,  where  it  lay 
long  time  neglected  in  a  corner,  and  so  little  regarded  by 
me,  as  I  never  once  set  hand  to  review  or  correct  the 
same.  Since  when,  at  the  entreaty  of  others  my  friends,  I 
was  content  to  let  it  come  to  light,  conditionally  that  some 
one  or  other  would  peruse  and  amend  the  errors  escaped, 
my  many  affairs  hindering  me  from  undergoing  that 
labour.  Now,  I  understand  by  the  printer  that  the  copy 
was  presented  to  your  Honour,  which  did,  at  the  first, 
somewhat  disgust  me ;  because,  as  it  must  pass,  I  fear 
much  it  will  prove  far  unworthy  either  of  your  noble  view 
or  protection.  Yet  since  it  is  mine,  though  abortive,  I  do 
humbly  entreat  that  your  Honour  will  lend  it  a  favourable 
countenance,  thereby  to  animate  the  parent  thereof  to 
produce  in  time  some  worthier  subject,  in  your  honourable 
name,  whose  many  rare  virtues  have  already  rendered  me 
so  highly  devoted  to  your  service,  as  I  will  some  day  give 
very  evident  tokens  of  the  same ;  and  till  then  I  rest, — 
Your  Honour's  most  affectionate  Servitor, 

Thomas  Shelton. 


[Tl)e  Publisher s  Dedication  to  Part  J/.] 


To  the  Right  Honourable 
George,   Marquis    Buckingham,   Viscount  Villiers, 

Baron  of  Whaddon;  Lord  High  Admiral  of  England; 
Justice  in  Eyre  of  all  His  Majesty's  Forests,  Parks, 
and  Chases  beyond  Trent ;  Master  of  the  Horse  to 
His  Majesty,  and  One  of  the  Gentlemen  of  His 
Majesty's  Bed-Chamber ;  Knight  of  the  Most  Noble 
Order  of  the  Garter ;  and  One  of  His  Majesty's 
Most  Honourable  Privy  Council  of  England  and 
Scotland. 

Right  Noble  Lord, — 

Your  humble  servant  hath  observed,  in  the  multitude  of 
books  that  have  passed  his  hands,  no  small  variety  of 
dedications,  and  those  severally  sorted  to  their  presenters' 
ends  :  some  for  the  mere  ambition  of  great  names  ;  others 
for  the  desire  or  need  of  protection ;  many  to  win  friends, 
and  so  favour  and  opinion ;  but  most  for  the  more  sordid 
respect,  gain.  This  humbly  offers  into  your  Lordship's 
presence  with  none  of  these  deformities ;  but  as  a  bashful 
stranger,  newly  arrived  in  English,  having  originally  had 
the  fortune  to  be  born  commended  to  a  Grandee  of  Spain, 
and,  by  the  way  of  translation,  the  grace  to  kiss  the  hands 
of  a  great  lady  of  France,  could  not  despair  of  less 
courtesy  in  the  Court  of  Great  Britain  than  to  be  received 
of  your  Lordship's  delight,  his  study  being  to  sweeten 
those  short  starts  of  your  retirement  from  public  affairs 
which  so  many  so  unseasonably,  even  to  molestation, 
trouble. 

By  him  who  most  truly  honours,  and  humbly  professes 
all  duties  to  your  Lordship, 

Ed.  Blount. 


THE  AUTHOR'S  PREFACE  TO  THE 
READER 


Thou  mayst  believe  me,  gentle  reader,  without  swearing, 
that  I  could  willingly  desire  this  book  (as  a  child  of  my 
understanding)  to  be  the  most  beautiful,  gallant,  and 
discreet  that  might  possibly  be  imagined ;  but  I  could  not 
transgress  the  order  of  nature,  wherein  everything  begets 
his  like,  which  being  so,  what  could  my  sterile  and  ill- 
tilled  wit  engender  but  the  history  of  a  dry-toasted  and 
humorous  son,  full  of  various  thoughts  and  conceits 
never  before  imagined  of  any  other ;  much  like  one  who 
was  engendered  within  some  noisome  prison,  where  all 
discommodities  have  taken  possession,  and  all  doleful 
noises  made  their  habitation,  seeing  that  rest,  pleasant 
places,  amenity  of  the  fields,  the  cheerfulness  of  clear 
sky,  the  murmuring  noise  of  the  crystal  fountains,  and 
the  quiet  repose  of  the  spirit  are  great  helps  for  the  most 
barren  Muses  to  show  themselves  fruitful,  and  to  bring 
into  the  world  such  births  as  may  enrich  it  with  admira- 
tion and  delight  ?  It  ofttimes  befalls  that  a  father  hath  a 
child  both  by  birth  evil-favoured  and  quite  devoid  of  all 
perfection,  and  yet  the  love  that  he  bears  him  is  such  as 
it  casts  a  mask  over  his  eyes,  which  hinders  his  discerning 
of  the  faults  and  simplicities  thereof,  and  makes  him 
rather  deem  them  discretions  and  beauty,  and  so  tells 
them  to  his  friends  for  witty  jests  and  conceits.  But  I, 
though  in  show  a  father,  yet  in  truth  but  a  step-father 
to  Don  Quixote,  will  not  be  borne  away  by  the  violent 
I.  b 


xvi  AUTHOR'S   PREFACE 

current  of  the  modern  custom  nowadays,  and  therefore 
entreat  thee,  with  the  tears  almost  in  mine  eyes,  as  many 
others  are  wont  to  do,  most  dear  reader,  to  pardon  and 
dissemble  the  faults  which  thou  shalt  discern  in  this  my 
son  ;  for  thou  art  neither  his  kinsman  nor  friend,  and 
thou  hast  thy  soul  in  thy  body,  and  thy  free-will  therein 
as  absolute  as  the  best,  and  thou  art  in  thine  own  house, 
wherein  thou  art  as  absolute  a  lord  as  the  king  is  of  his 
subsidies,  and  thou  knowest  well  the  common  proverb, 
that  '  under  my  cloak  a  fig  for  the  king,'  all  which  doth 
exempt  thee  and  makes  thee  free  from  all  respect  and 
obligation ;  and  so  thou  mayst  boldly  say  of  this  history 
whatsoever  thou  shalt  think  good,  without  fear  either  to 
be  controlled  for  the  evil  or  rewarded  for  the  good  that 
thou  shalt  speak  thereof. 

I  would  very  fain  have  presented  it  unto  thee  pure 
and  naked,  without  the  ornament  of  a  preface,  or  the 
rabblement  and  catalogue  of  the  wonted  sonnets,  epigrams, 
poems,  elegies,  etc.,  which  are  wont  to  be  put  at  the 
beginning  of  books.  For  I  dare  say  unto  thee  that, 
although  it  cost  me  some  pains  to  compose  it,  yet  in 
no  respect  did  it  equalise  that  which  I  took  to  make 
this  preface  which  thou  dost  now  read.  I  took,  often- 
times, my  pen  in  my  hand  to  write*  it,  and  as  often  set 
it  down  again,  as  not  knowing  what  I  should  write ;  and 
being  once  in  a  muse,  with  my  paper  before  me,  my  pen 
in  mine  ear,  mine  elbow  on  the  table,  and  mine  hand  on 
my  cheek,  imagining  what  I  might  write,  there  entered  a 
friend  of  mine  unexpectedly,  who  was  a  very  discreet 
and  pleasantly-witted  man,  who,  seeing  me  so  pensative, 
demanded  of  me  the  reason  of  my  musing ;  and,  not 
concealing  it  from  him,  said  that  I  bethought  myself  on 
my  preface  I  was  to  make  to  Don  Quixote's  history,  which 
did  so  much  trouble  me  as  I  neither  meant  to  make  any  at 
all,  nor  publish  the  history  of  the  acts  of  so  noble  a  knight. 
*  For  how  can  I  choose,'  quoth  I,  ^  but  be  much  con- 
founded at  that  which  the  old  legislator  (the  vulgar)  will 
say,  when  it  sees  that,  after  the  end  of  so  many  years  as 
are  spent  since  I  first  slept  in  the  bosom  of  oblivion,  I 


AUTHOR'S   PREFACE  xvii 

come  out  loaden  with  my  grey  hairs,  and  bring  with  me  a 
book  as  dry  as  a  kex,  void  of  invention,  barren  of  good 
phrase,  poor  of  conceits,  and  altogether  empty  both  of 
learning  and  eloquence  ;  without  quotations  on  the  mar- 
gents,  or  annotations  in  the  end  of  the  book,  wherewith  I 
see  other  books  are  still  adorned,  be  they  never  so  idle, 
fabulous,  and  profane  ;  so  full  of  sentences  of  Aristotle 
and  Plato,  and  the  other  crew  of  the  philosophers,  as 
admires  the  readers,  and  makes  them  believe  that  these 
authors  are  very  learned  and  eloquent  ?  And  after,  when 
they  cite  Plutarch  or  Cicero,  what  can  they  say,  but  that 
they  are  the  sayings  of  St.  Thomas,  or  other  doctors  of  the 
Church  ;  observing  herein  so  ingenious  a  method  as  in  one 
line  they  will  paint  you  an  enamoured  gull,  and  in  the 
other  will  lay  you  down  a  little  seeming  devout  sermon,  so 
that  it  is  a  great  pleasure  and  delight  to  read  or  hear  it  ? 
All  which  things  must  be  wanting  in  my  book,  for  neither 
have  I  anything  to  cite  on  the  margent,  or  note  in  the  end, 
and  much  less  do  I  know  what  authors  I  follow,  to  put 
them  at  the  beginning,  as  the  custom  is,  by  the  letter  of 
the  ABC,  beginning  with  Aristotle,  and  ending  in  Xeno- 
phon,  or  in  Zoilus  or  Zeuxis,  although  the  one  was  a 
railer  and  the  other  a  painter.  So  likewise  shall  my  book 
want  sonnets  at  the  beginning,  at  least  such  sonnets  whose 
authors  be  dukes,  marquises,  earls,  bishops,  ladies,  or  famous 
poets ;  although,  if  I  would  demand  them  of  two  or  three 
artificers  of  mine  acquaintance,  I  know  they  would  make  me 
some  such  as  those  of  the  most  renowned  in  Spain  would 
in  no  wise  be  able  to  equal  or  compare  with  them. 

*  Finally,  good  sir,  and  my  very  dear  friend,'  quoth  I,  '  I 
do  resolve  that  Sir  Don  Quixote  remain  entombed  among 
the  old  records  of  the  Mancha,  until  Heaven  ordain  some 
one  to  adorn  him  with  the  many  graces  that  are  yet  want- 
ing ;  for  I  find  myself  wholly  unable  to  remedy  them, 
through  mine  insufficiency  and  little  learning,  and  also 
because  I  am  naturally  lazy  and  unwilling  to  go  searching 
for  authors  to  say  that  which  I  can  say  well  enough  without 
them.  And  hence  proceeded  the  perplexity  and  ecstasy 
wherein  you  found  me  plunged.' 
I.  b2 


xviii  AUTHOR'S   PREFACE 

My  friend  hearing  that,  and  striking  himself  on  the 
forehead,  after  a  long  and  loud  laughter,  said  :  *  In  good 
faith,  friend,  I  have  now  at  last  delivered  myself  of  a  long 
and  intricate  error,  wherewith  I  was  possessed  all  the  time 
of  our  acquaintance ;  for  hitherto  I  accounted  thee  ever  to 
be  discreet  and  prudent  in  all  thy  actions,  but  now  I  see 
plainly  that  thou  art  as  far  from  that  I  took  thee  to  be  as 
heaven  is  from  the  earth.  How  is  it  possible  that  things 
of  so  small  moment,  and  so  easy  to  be  redressed,  can  have 
force  to  suspend  and  swallow  up  so  ripe  a  wit  as  yours  hath 
seemed  to  be,  and  so  fitted  to  break  up  and  trample  over 
the  greatest  difficulties  that  can  be  propounded  ?  This 
proceeds  not,  in  good  sooth,  from  defect  of  will,  but  from 
superfluity  of  sloth  and  penury  of  discourse.  Wilt  thou 
see  whether  that  I  say  be  true  or  no  ?  Listen,  then, 
attentively  awhile,  and  thou  shalt  perceive  how,  in  the 
twinkling  of  an  eye,  I  will  confound  all  the  difficulties  and 
supply  all  the  wants  which  do  suspend  and  affright  thee 
from  publishing  to  the  world  the  history  of  thy  famous 
Don  Quixote,  the  light  and  mirror  of  all  knighthood- 
errant.' 

'  Say,  I  pray  thee,'  quoth  I,  hearing  what  he  had  said, 
'  after  what  manner  dost  thou  think  to  replenish  the 
vacuity  of  my  fear,  and  reduce  the  chaos  of  my  confusion 
to  any  clearness  and  light  ? ' 

And  he  replied  :  *  The  first  thing  whereat  thou  stoppedst 
— of  sonnets,  epigrams,  eclogues,  etc.,  (which  are  wanting 
for  the  beginning,  and  ought  to  be  written  by  grave  and 
noble  persons) — may  be  remedied,  if  thou  thyself  wilt  but 
take  a  little  pains  to  compass  them,  and  thou  mayst  after 
name  them  as  thou  pleasest,  and  father  them  on  Prester 
John  of  the  Indians  or  the  Emperor  of  Trapisonde,  whom, 
I  know,  were  held  to  be  famous  poets ;  and  suppose  they 
were  not,  but  that  some  pedants  and  presumptuous  fellows 
would  backbite  thee,  and  murmur  against  this  truth,  thou 
needest  not  weigh  them  two  straws ;  for,  although  they 
could  prove  it  to  be  an  untruth,  yet  cannot  they  cut  off  thy 
hand  for  it. 

*  As  touching  citations  in  the  margent,  and  authors  out 


AUTHOR'S   PREFACE  xix 

of  whom  thou  mayst  collect  sentences  and  sayings  to  insert 
in  thy  history,  there  is  nothing  else  to  be  done  but  to  bob 
into  it  some  Latin  sentences  that  thou  knowest  already  by 
rote,  or  mayst  get  easily  with  a  little  labour;  as,  for 
example,  when  thou  treatest  of  liberty  and  thraldom,  thou 
mayst  cite  that,  *'  Non  bene  pro  toto  libertas  venditur  auro  '*; 
and  presently  quote  Horace,  or  he  whosoever  else  that 
said  it,  on  the  margent.  If  thou  shouldest  speak  of  the 
power  of  death,  have  presently  recourse  to  that  of  "  Pallida 
mors  aequo  pulsat  pede  pauperum  tabernas,  regumque 
turres."  If  of  the  instability  of  friends,  thou  hast  at  hand 
Cato  freely  offering  his  distichon,  "  Donee  eris  foelix 
multos  numerabis  amicos  ;  Tempora  si  fuerint  nubila,  solus 
eris."  If  of  riches,  "  Quantum  quisque  sua  nummorum 
servat  in  area,  tantum  habet  et  fidei."  If  of  love,  '*  Hei 
mihi  quod  nullis  amor  est  medicabilis  herbis!"  And  so, 
with  these  Latin  authorities  and  other  such-like,  they  will 
at  least  account  thee  a  good  grammarian,  and  the  being  of 
such  an  one  is  of  no  little  honour  and  profit  in  this  our 
age.  As  touching  the  addition  of  annotations  in  the  end 
of  thy  book,  thou  mayst  boldly  observe  this  course :  If 
thou  namest  any  giant  in  thy  book,  procure  that  it  be  the 
Giant  Goliah ;  and  with  this  alone  (which  almost  will  cost 
thee  nothing),  thou  hast  gotten  a  fair  annotation  ;  for  thou 
mayst  say,  "  The  Giant  Golias  or  Goliat  was  a  Philistine, 
whom  the  shepherd  David  slew  with  the  blow  of  a  stone  in 
the  Vale  of  Terebintho,  as  is  recounted  in  the  Book  of 
Kings,  in  the  chapter  wherein  thou  shalt  find  it  written." 
'  After  all  this,  to  show  that  thou  art  learned  in  human 
letters,  and  a  cosmographer,  take  some  occasion  to  make 
mention  of  the  River  Tagus,  and  thou  shalt  presently  find 
thyself  stored  with  another  notable  notation,  saying,  "The 
River  Tagus  was  so  called  of  a  King  of  Spain  ;  it  takes  its 
beginning  from  such  a  place,  and  dies  in  the  ocean  seas, 
kissing  first  the  walls  of  the  famous  City  of  Lisbon,  and 
some  are  of  opinion  that  the  sands  thereof  are  of  gold,  etc.'* 
If  thou  wilt  treat  of  thieves,  I  will  recite  the  history  of 
Cacus  to  thee,  for  I  know  it  by  memory  ;  if  of  whores  or 
courtezans,  there  thou  hast  the  Bishop  of  Mondonnedo, 


XX  AUTHOR'S   PREFACE 

who  will  lend  thee  Lamia,  Layda,  and  Flora,  whose 
annotation  will  gain  thee  no  small  credit ;  if  of  cruel 
persons,  Ovid  will  tender  Medea  ;  if  of  enchanters  or 
witches,  Homer  hath  Calypso,  and  Virgil  Circe  ;  if  of 
valorous  captains,  Julius  Caesar  shall  end  himself  in  his 
Commentaries  to  thee,  and  Plutarch  shall  give  thee  a 
thousand  Alexanders.  If  thou  dost  treat  of  love,  and 
hast  but  two  ounces  of  the  Tuscan  language,  thou  shalt 
encounter  with  Lion  the  Hebrew,  who  will  replenish  thy 
vessels  with  store  in  that  kind  ;  but,  if  thou  wilt  not  travel 
for  it  into  strange  countries,  thou  hast  here  at  home  in  thy 
house  Fonseca  of  the  Love  of  God^  wherein  is  deciphered  all 
that  either  thou  or  the  most  ingenious  capacity  can  desire 
to  learn  of  that  subject.  In  conclusion,  there  is  nothing 
else  to  be  done,  but  that  thou  only  endeavour  to  name 
those  names,  or  to  touch  those  histories,  in  thine  own, 
which  I  have  here  related,  and  leave  the  adding  of  annota- 
tions and  citations  unto  me  ;  for  I  do  promise  thee  that  I 
will  both  fill  up  the  margent,  and  also  spend  four  or  five 
sheets  of  advantage  at  the  end  of  the  book. 

*  Now  let  us  come  to  the  citation  of  authors,  which 
other  books  have,  and  thine  wanteth ;  the  remedy  hereof 
is  very  easy  ;  for  thou  needst  do  nought  else  but  seek  out 
a  book  that  doth  quote  them  all  from  the  letter  A  until 
Z,  as  thou  saidst  thyself  but  even  now,  and  thou  shalt  set 
that  very  same  alphabet  to  thine  own  book ;  for,  although 
the  little  necessity  that  thou  hadst  to  use  their  assistance 
in  thy  work  will  presently  convict  thee  of  falsehood,  it 
makes  no  matter,  and  perhaps  there  may  not  a  few  be 
found  so  simple  as  to  believe  that  thou  hast  holp  thyself 
in  the  narration  of  thy  most  simple  and  sincere  history 
with  all  their  authorities.  And,  though  that  large  cata- 
logue of  authors  do  serve  to  none  other  purpose,  yet  will 
it,  at  least,  give  some  authority  to  the  book,  at  the  first 
blush ;  and  the  rather,  because  none  will  be  so  mad  as  to 
stand  to  examine  whether  thou  dost  follow  them  or  no, 
seeing  they  can  gain  nothing  by  the  matter.  Yet,  if  I  do 
not  err  in  the  consideration  of  so  weighty  an  affair,  this 
book  of  thine  needs  none  of  all  these  things,  forasmuch 


AUTHOR'S   PREFACE  xxi 

as  it  is  only  an  invective  against  books  of  knighthood, 
a  subject  whereof  Aristotle  never  dreamed,  St.  Basil 
said  nothing,  Cicero  never  heard  any  word  ;  nor  do 
the  punctualities  of  truth,  nor  observations  of  astrology, 
fall  within  the  sphere  of  such  fabulous  jestings;  nor  do 
geometrical  dimensions  impart  it  anything,  nor  the  con- 
futation of  arguments  usurped  by  rhetoric ;  nor  ought  it 
to  preach  unto  any  the  mixture  of  holy  matters  with 
profane  (a  motley  wherewith  no  Christian  well  should 
be  attired),  only  it  hath  need  to  help  itself  with  imita- 
tion ;  for,  by  how  much  the  more  it  shall  excel  therein, 
by  so  much  the  more  will  the  work  be  esteemed.  And, 
since  that  thy  labour  doth  aim  at  no  more  than  to  diminish 
the  authority  and  acceptance  that  books  of  chivalry  have 
in  the  world,  and  among  the  vulgar,  there  is  no  reason 
why  thou  shouldest  go  begging  of  sentences  from  philoso- 
phers, fables  from  poets,  orations  from  rhetoricians,  or 
miracles  from  the  saints,  but  only  endeavour  to  deliver 
with  significant,  plain,  honest,  and  well-ordered  words, 
thy  jovial  and  cheerful  discourse,  expressing  as  near  as 
thou  mayst  possibly  thy  intention,  making  thy  conceits 
clear,  and  not  intricate  or  dark ;  and  labour  also  that  the 
melancholy  man,  by  the  reading  thereof,  may  be  urged  to 
laughter,  the  pleasant  disposition  increased,  the  simple 
not  cloyed ;  and  that  the  judicious  may  admire  thy  inven- 
tion, the  grave  not  despise  it,  the  prudent  applaud  it. 
In  conclusion,  let  thy  project  be  to  overthrow  the  ill- 
compiled  machina  and  bulk  of  those  knightly  books, 
abhorred  by  many,  but  applauded  by  more ;  for,  if  thou 
bring  this  to  pass,  thou  hast  not  achieved  a  small 
matter.* 

I  listened  with  very  great  attention  to  my  friend's 
speech ;  and  his  reasons  are  so  firmly  imprinted  in  my 
mind,  as,  without  making  any  reply  unto  them,  I 
approved  them  all  for  good,  and  framed  my  preface  of 
them,  wherein,  sweet  reader,  thou  mayst  perceive  my 
friend's  discretion,  my  happiness  to  meet  with  so  good 
a  counsellor  at  such  a  pinch,  and  thine  own  ease  in  finding 
so  plainly  and  sincerely  related  'The  History  of  the  famous 


xxH  AUTHOR'S   PREFACE 

Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha^  of  whom  It  is  the  common 
opinion  of  all  the  inhabitants  bordering  on  the  fields  of 
Montiel  that  he  was  the  most  chaste,  enamoured,  and 
valiant  knight  that  hath  been  seen,  read,  or  heard  of  these 
many  ages.  I  will  not  endear  the  benefit  and  service  I 
have  done  thee,  by  making  thee  acquainted  with  so  noble 
and  honourable  a  knight,  but  only  do  desire  that  thou 
gratify  me  for  the  notice  of  the  famous  Sancho  Panza, 
his  squire,  in  whom,  in  mine  opinion,  are  deciphered  all  the 
squire-like  graces  dispersed  throughout  the  vain  rout  of 
knightly  books.  And  herewithal,  I  bid  thee  farewell,  and 
do  not  forget  me.      Vale. 


SONNETS 

CERTAIN  SONNETS,  WRITTEN  BY  KNIGHTS-ERRANT, 
LADIES,  SQUIRES,  AND  HORSES,  IN  THE  PRAISE  OF 
DON  QUIXOTE,  HIS  DAME,  HIS  SQUIRE,  AND  STEED 

Amadis  of  Gaule,  in  Praise  of  Don  Quixote. 

Thou  that  my  doleful  life  didst  imitate, 
When,  absent  and  disdained,  it  befell, 
Devoid  of  joy,  I  a  repentant  state 
Did  lead,  and  on  the  Poor  Rock's  top  did  dwell ; 
Thou,  that  the  streams  so  often  from  thine  eyes 
Didst  suck  of  scalding  tears'  disgustful  brine  ; 
And,  without  pewter,  copper,  plate  likewise, 
Wast  on  the  bare  earth  oft  constrain'd  to  dine, — 
Live  of  one  thing  secure  eternally. 
That  whilst  bright  Phoebus  shall  his  horses  spur 
Through  the  fourth  sphere's  dilated  monarchy, 
Thy  name  shall  be  renowned,  near  and  fur  ; 
And  as,  'mongst  countries,  thine  is  best  alone, 
So  shall  thine  author  peers  on  earth  have  none. 

Don  Belianis  of  Greece  to  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha. 

I  tore,  I  hackt,  abolish'd,  said  and  did, 

More  than  knight-errant  else  on  earth  hath  done  : 

I,  dexterous,  valiant,  and  so  stout  beside, 

Have  thousand  wrongs  reveng'd,  millions  undone. 

I  have  done  acts  that  my  fame  eternise, 

In  love  I  courteous  and  so  peerless  was  : 

Giants,  as  if  but  dwarfs,  I  did  despise  ; 

And  yet  no  time  of  love-plaints  I  let  pass. 

I  have  held  fortune  prostrate  at  my  feet, 

And  by  my  wit  seiz'd  on  Occasion's  top. 


xxiv  SONNETS 

Whose  wandering  steps  I  led  where  I  thought  meet  ; 
And  though  beyond  the  moon  my  soaring  hope 
Did  crown  my  hap  with  all  felicity, 
Yet,  great  Quixote,  do  I  still  envy  thee. 


The  Knight  of  the  Sun,  Alphebo,  to  Don  Quixote. 

My  sword  could  not  at  all  compare  with  thine, 

Spanish  Alphebo  !   full  of  courtesy ; 

Nor  thine  arm's  valour  can  be  match'd  by  mine, 

Though  I  was  fear'd  where  days  both  spring  and  die. 

Empires  I  scorn'd,  and  the  vast  monarchy 

Of  th'  Orient  ruddy  (ofFer'd  me  in  vain), 

I  left,  that  I  the  sovereign  face  might  see 

Of  my  Aurora,  fair  Claridiane, 

Whom,  as  by  miracle,  I  surely  lov'd  : 

So  banish'd  by  disgrace,  even  very  hell 

Quak'd  at  mine  arm,  that  did  his  fury  tame. 

But  thou'  illustrious  Goth,  Quixote  !   hast  prov'd 

Thy  valour,  for  Dulcinea's  sake,  so  well 

As  both  on  earth  have  gain'd  eternal  fame. 


Orlando  F'urioso,  Peer  of  France,  to  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha. 

Though  thou  art  not  a  peer,  thou  hast  no  peer, 

Who  mightst  among  ten  thousand  peers  be  one  ; 

Nor  shalt  thou  never  any  peer  have  here, 

Who,  ever-conquering,  vanquish'd  was  of  none. 

Quixote,  I'm  Orlando  !   that,  cast  away 

For  fair  Angelica,  cross'd  remotest  seas, 

And  did  such  trophies  on  Fame's  altar  lay 

As  pass  oblivion's  reach  many  degrees. 

Nor  can  I  be  thy  peer  ;  for  peerlessness 

Is  to  thy  prowess  due  and  great  renown. 

Although  I  lost,  as  well  as  thou,  my  wit ; 

Yet  mine  thou  may'st  be,  if  thy  good  success 

Make  thee  the  proud  Moor  tame,  [achieve]  that  crown. 

Us  equals  in  disgrace  and  loving  fit. 


SoLis  Dan  to  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha. 

Maugre  the  ravings  that  are  set  abroach, 
And  rumble  up  and  down  thy  troubled  brain, 
Yet  none  thine  acts,  Don  Quixote,  can  reproach. 
Or  thy  proceedings  tax  as  vile  or  vain. 


SONNETS  XXV 

Thy  feats  shall  be  thy  fairest  ornament 

(Seeing  wrongs  t'undo  thou  goest  thus  about), 

Although  with  blows  a  thousand  times  y-shent 

Thou  wert  well-nigh,  yea,  even  by  the  miscreant  rout. 

And  if  thy  fair  Dulcinea  shall  wrong 

By  misregard  thy  fairer  expectation, 

And  to  thy  cares  will  lend  no  listening  ear, 

Then  let  this  comfort  all  thy  woes  outwear, — 

That  Sancho  fail'd  in  broker's  occupation  : 

He,  foolish ;  cruel,  she ;  thou,  without  tongue. 


The  Princess  Oriana  of  Great  Britain  to  Lady 
Dulcinea  del  Toboso. 

Happy  those  which,  for  more  commodity 

And  ease,  Dulcinea  fair  !   could  bring  to  pass 

That  Greenwich,  where  Toboso  is,  might  be, 

And  London  chang'd  where  thy  knight's  village  was. 

Happy  she  that  might  body  and  soul  adorn 

With  thy  rich  livery  and  thy  high  desire  ; 

And  see  thy  happy  knight,  by  honour  borne. 

In  cruel  combat,  broaching  out  his  ire. 

But  happiest  she  that  might  so  cleanly  'scape 

From  Amadis  as  thou  hast  whilom  done 

From  thy  well-manner'd  knight,  courteous  Quixote ! 

O  !   were  I  she,  I'd  envy  no  one's  hap. 

And  had  been  merry  when  I  most  did  moan, 

And  ta'en  my  pleasure  without  paying  shot. 


Gandaline,  Amadis  of  Gaule's  Squire,  to  Sancho  Panza, 
Don  Quixote's  Squire. 

Hail,  famous  man  !  whom  fortune  hath  so  blist. 

When  first,  in  squire-like  trade,  it  thee  did  place. 

As  thou  didst  soft  and  sweetly  pass  disgrace 

Ere  thou  thereof  the  threatening  danger  wist. 

The  shovel  or  sickle  little  do  resist 

The  wandering  exercise  ;  for  now's  in  grace 

Plain  squire-like  dealing,  which  doth  quite  deface 

His  pride  that  would  the  Moor  bore  with  his  fist. 

Thine  ass  I  jointly  envy,  and  thy  name, 

And  eke  thy  wallet  I  do  emulate, 

An  argument  of  thy  great  providence. 

Hail  once  again  !   who,  'cause  so  good  a  man, 

Thy  worths  our  Spanish  Ovid  does  relate, 

And  lovely  chants  them  with  all  reverence. 


xxvi  SONNETS 

A  Dialogue  between  Babieca,  Horse  to  the  Cid,  a  Famous  Con- 
queror OF  Spain  ;  and  Rozinante,  Don  Quixote's  Courser. 

Ba.  How  haps  it,  Rozinante,  thou  art  so  lean  ? 

Ro.    Because  I  travel  still,  and  never  eat  : 

Ba.  Thy  w^ant  of  barley  and  straw,  what  does  it  rnean  ? 

Ro.    That  of  my  lord,  a  bit  I  cannot  get. 

Ba.  Away,  sir  jade  !   you  are  ill-mannered, 

Whose  ass's  tongue  your  lord  does  thus  abase. 
Ro.    If  you  did  see  how  he's  enamoured, 

You  would  conclude  that  he's  the  greater  ass. 
Ba.  Is  love  a  folly  ? — Ro.  Sure  it  is  no  wit. 
Ba.  Thou  art  a  metaphysician. — Ro.  For  want  of  meat. 
Ba.  Complain  upon  the  squire. — Ro.  What  profits  it  ? 

Or  how  shall  I  my  woful  plaints  repeat  ? 

Since,  though  the  world  imputes  slowness  to  me. 

Yet  greater  jades  my  lord  and  Sancho  be. 


THE   DELIGHTFUL 

HISTORY  OF  THE  MOST  INGENIOUS  KNIGHT 

DON   QUIXOTE   OF   THE   MANCHA 

THE  FIRST  PART 


CHAPTER  I 

Wherein  is  rehearsed  the  Calling  and  Exercise  of  the 
Renowned  Gentleman^  Don  ^ixote  of  the  Mancha 

There  lived  not  long  since,  in  a  certain  village  of  the 
Mancha,  the  name  whereof  I  purposely  omit,  a  gentleman 
of  their  calling  that  use  to  pile  up  in  their  halls  old  lances, 
halberds,  morions,  and  such  other  armours  and  weapons. 
He  was,  besides,  master  of  an  ancient  target,  a  lean 
stallion,  and  a  swift  greyhound.  His  pot  consisted  daily 
of  somewhat  more  beef  than  mutton  :  a  galHmaufry  each 
night,  coUops  and  eggs  on  Saturdays,  lentils  on  Fridays, 
and  now  and  then  a  lean  pigeon  on  Sundays,  did  consume 
three  parts  of  his  rents  ;  the  rest  and  remnant  thereof  was 
spent  on  a  jerkin  of  fine  puce,  a  pair  of  velvet  hose,  with 
pantofles  of  the  same  for  the  holy-days,  and  one  suit  of 
the  finest  vesture  ;  for  therewithal  he  honoured  and  set 
out  his  person  on  the  work-days.  He  had  in  his  house  a 
woman-servant  of  about  forty  years  old,  and  a  niece  not 
yet  twenty,  and  a  man  that  served  him  both  in  field  and  at 


2  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

home,  and  could  saddle  his  horse,  and  likewise  manage  a 
pruning-hook.  The  master  himself  was  about  fifty  years 
old,  of  a  strong  complexion,  dry  flesh,  and  a  withered  face. 
He  was  an  early  riser,  and  a  great  friend  of  hunting. 
Some  affirm  that  his  surname  was  Quixada,  or  Quesada 
(for  in  this  there  is  some  variance  among  the  authors  that 
write  his  life),  although  it  may  be  gathered,  by  very 
probable  conjectures,  that  he  was  called  Quixana.  Yet  all 
this  concerns  our  historical  relation  but  little  :  let  it  then 
suffice,  that  in  the  narration  thereof  we  will  not  vary  a  jot 
from  the  truth. 

You  shall  therefore  wit,  that  this  gentleman  above 
named,  the  spurts  that  he  was  idle  (which  was  the  longer 
part  of  the  year),  did  apply  himself  wholly  to  the  reading 
of  books  of  knighthood,  and  that  with  such  gusts  and 
delights,  as  he  almost  wholly  neglected  the  exercise  of 
hunting  ;  yea,  and  the  very  administration  of  his  house- 
hold affairs.  And  his  curiosity  and  folly  came  to  that 
pass,  that  he  made  away  many  acres  of  arable  land  to  buy 
him  books  of  that  kind,  and  therefore  he  brought  to  his 
house  as  many  as  ever  he  could  get  of  that  subject.  And 
among  them  all,  none  pleased  him  better  than  those  which 
famous  Felician  of  Silva  composed.  For  the  smoothness 
of  his  prose,  with  now  and  then  some  intricate  sentence 
meddled,  seemed  to  him  peerless ;  and  principally  when  he 
did  read  the  courtings,  or  letters  of  challenge,  that  knights 
sent  to  ladies,  or  one  to  another  ;  where,  in  many  places, 
he  found  written  :  '  The  reason  of  the  unreasonableness 
which  against  my  reason  is  wrought,  doth  so  weaken  my 
reason,  as  with  all  reason  I  do  justly  complain  on  your 
beauty.'  And  also  when  he  read :  *  The  high  heavens, 
which  with  your  divinity  do  fortify  you  divinely  with  the 
stars,  and  make  you  deserveress  of  the  deserts  which  your 
greatness  deserves,'  etc.  With  these  and  other  such 
passages  the  poor  gentleman  grew  distracted,  and  was 
breaking  his  brains  day  and  night,  to  understand  and 
unbowel  their  sense,  an  endless  labour  ;  for  even 
Aristotle  himself  would  not  understand  them,  though  he 
were  again  resuscitated  only  for  that  purpose.      He  did 


Chap.  I  HIS   CALLING  AND   EXERCISE  3 

not  like  so  much  the  unproportionate  blows  that  Don 
Belianis  gave  and  took  in  fight ;  for,  as  he  imagined,  were 
the  surgeons  never  so  cunning  that  cured  them,  yet  was  it 
impossible  but  that  the  patient  his  face  and  all  his  body 
must  remain  full  of  scars  and  tokens.  Yet  did  he  praise, 
notwithstanding,  in  the  author  of  that  history,  the  con- 
clusion of  his  book,  with  the  promise  of  the  Endless 
Adventure ;  and  many  times  he  himself  had  a  desire  to 
take  pen  and  finish  it  exactly,  as  it  is  there  promised  ;  and 
would  doubtless  have  performed  it,  and  that  certes  with 
happy  success,  if  other  more  urgent  and  continual  thoughts 
had  not  disturbed  him. 

Many  times  did  he  fall  at  variance  with  the  curate 
of  his  village  (who  was  a  learned  man,  graduated  in 
Ciguenca)  touching  who  was  the  better  knight,  Palmerin  of 
England,  or  Amadis  de  Gaul.  But  Master  Nicholas,  the 
barber  of  the  same  town,  would  afiirm  that  none  of  both 
arrived  in  worth  to  the  Knight  of  the  Sun ;  and  if  any  one 
knight  might  paragon  with  him,  it  was  infallibly  Don 
Galaor,  Amadis  de  Gaul's  brother,  whose  nature  might 
fitly  be  accommodated  to  anything ;  for  he  was  not  so  coy 
and  whining  a  knight  as  his  brother,  and  that  in  matters 
of  valour  he  did  not  bate  him  an  ace. 

In  resolution,  he  plunged  himself  so  deeply  in  his 
reading  of  these  books,  as  he  spent  many  times  in  the 
lecture  of  them  whole  days  and  nights ;  and  in  the  end, 
through  his  little  sleep  and  much  reading,  he  dried  up  his 
brains  in  such  sort  as  he  lost  wholly  his  judgment.  His 
fantasy  was  filled  with  those  things  that  he  read,  of  en- 
chantments, quarrels,  battles,  challenges,  wounds,  wooings, 
loves,  tempests,  and  other  impossible  follies.  And  these 
toys  did  so  firmly  possess  his  imagination  with  an  infaUible 
opinion  that  all  that  machina  of  dreamed  inventions  which 
he  read  was  true,  as  he  accounted  no  history  in  the  world 
to  be  so  certain  and  sincere  as  they  were.  He  was  wont 
to  say,  that  the  Cid  Ruy  Diaz  ^  was  a  very  good  knight, 
but  not  to  be  compared  to  the  Knight  of  the  Burning 
Sword,   which,   with   one  thwart   blow,  cut    asunder  two 

^A  famous  captain  of  the  Spanish  nation. 


4  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

fierce  and  mighty  giants.  He  agreed  better  with  Bernardo 
del  Carpio,  because  he  slew  the  enchanted  Roland  in 
Roncesvalles.  He  likewise  liked  of  the  shift  Hercules 
used  when  he  smothered  Anteon,  the  son  of  the  earth, 
between  his  arms.  He  praised  the  giant  Morgant  mar- 
vellously, because,  though  he  was  of  that  monstrous 
progeny,  who  are  commonly  all  of  them  proud  and  rude, 
yet  he  only  was  affable  and  courteous.  But  he  agreed 
best  of  all  with  Reinauld  of  Mount  Alban ;  and  most  of 
all  then,  when  he  saw  him  sally  out  of  his  castle  to  rob  as 
many  as  ever  he  could  meet ;  and  when,  moreover,  he 
robbed  the  idol  of  Mahomet,  made  of  gold,  as  his  history 
recounts,  and  would  be  content  to  give  his  old  woman, 
yea,  and  his  niece  also,  for  a  good  opportunity  on  the 
traitor  Galalon,  that  he  might  lamb-skin  and  trample  him 
into  powder. 

Finally,  his  wit  being  wholly  extinguished,  he  fell  into 
one  of  the  strangest  conceits  that  ever  madman  stumbled 
on  in  this  world ;  to  wit,  it  seemed  unto  him  very  requisite 
and  behooveful,  as  well  for  the  augmentation  of  his 
honour  as  also  for  the  benefit  of  the  commonwealth,  that 
he  himself  should  become  a  knight-errant,  and  go  through- 
out the  world,  with  his  horse  and  armour,  to  seek 
adventures,  and  practise  in  person  all  that  he  had  read 
was  used  by  knights  of  yore ;  revenging  of  all  kinds  of 
injuries,  and  ofi^ering  himself  to  occasions  and  dangers, 
which,  being  once  happily  achieved,  might  gain  him 
eternal  renown.  The  poor  soul  did  already  figure  himself 
crowned,  through  the  valour  of  his  arm,  at  least  Emperor 
of  Trapisonda  ;  and  led  thus  by  these  soothing  thoughts,  and 
borne  away  with  the  exceeding  delight  he  found  in  them, 
he  hastened  all  that  he  might,  to  effect  his  urging  desires. 

And  first  of  all  he  caused  certain  old  rusty  arms  to  be 
scoured,  that  belonged  to  his  great-grandfather,  and  lay 
many  ages  neglected  and  forgotten  in  a  by-corner  of  his 
house  ;  he  trimmed  and  dressed  them  the  best  he  might, 
and  then  perceived  a  great  defect  they  had  ;  for  they 
wanted  a  helmet,  and  had  only  a  plain  morion ;  but  he  by 
his  industry  supplied  that  want,  and  framed,  with  certain 


Chap.  I  HIS   CALLING  AND   EXERCISE  5 

papers  pasted  together,  a  beaver  for  his  morion.  True  it 
is,  that  to  make  trial  whether  his  pasted  beaver  was  strong 
enough,  and  might  abide  the  adventure  of  a  blow,  he  out 
with  his  sword  and  gave  it  a  blow  or  two,  and  with  the 
very  first  did  quite  undo  his  whole  week's  labour.  The 
facility  wherewithal  it  was  dissolved  liked  him  nothing  ; 
wherefore,  to  assure  himself  better  the  next  time  from  the 
like  danger,  he  made  it  anew,  placing  certain  iron  bars 
within  it,  in  so  artificial  a  manner,  as  he  rested  at  once 
satisfied,  both  with  his  invention,  and  also  the  solidity  of 
the  work ;  and  without  making  a  second  trial,  he  deputed 
and  held  it  in  estimation  of  a  most  excellent  beaver.  Then 
did  he  presently  visit  his  horse,  who  (though  he  had  more 
quarters  than  pence  in  a  sixpence,  through  leanness,  and 
more  faults  than  Gonella's),  having  nothing  on  him  but 
skin  and  bone ;  yet  he  thought  that  neither  Alexander's 
Bucephalus,  nor  the  Cid  his  horse  Balieca,  were  in  any 
respect  equal  to  him.  He  spent  four  days  devising  him  a 
name ;  for  (as  he  reasoned  to  himself)  it  was  not  fit  that 
so  famous  a  knight's  horse,  and  chiefly  being  so  good  a 
beast,  should  want  a  known  name ;  and  therefore  he 
endeavoured  to  give  him  such  a  one  as  should  both 
declare  what  sometime  he  had  been,  before  he  pertained  to 
a  knight-errant,  and  also  what  at  present  he  was ;  for  it 
stood  greatly  with  reason,  seeing  his  lord  and  master 
changed  his  estate  and  vocation,  that  he  should  alter  like- 
wise his  denomination,  and  get  a  new  one,  that  were 
famous  and  altisonant,  as  became  the  new  order  and 
exercise  which  he  now  professed;  and  therefore,  after 
many  other  names  which  he  framed,  blotted  out,  rejected, 
added,  undid,  and  turned  again  to  frame  in  his  memory 
and  imagination,  he  finally  concluded  to  name  him 
Rozinante,^  a  name  in  his  opinion  lofty,  full,  and 
significant  of  what  he  had  been  when  he  was  a  plain  jade, 
before  he  was  exalted  to  his  new  dignity;  being,  as  he 
thought,  the  best  carriage  beast  of  the  world.     The  name 

^  A  horse  of  labour  or  carriage,  in  Spanish,  is  called  Rozin,  and  the 
word  ante  signifies  before;  so  that  Rozinante  is  a  horse  that  sometime 
was  of  carriage. 


6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

being  thus  given  to  his  horse,  and  so  to  his  mind,  he 
resolved  to  give  himself  a  name  also  ;  and  in  that  thought 
he  laboured  other  eight  days  ;  and,  in  conclusion,  called 
himself  Don  Quixote  ;  whence  (as  is  said)  the  authors  of 
this  most  true  history  deduce,  that  he  was  undoubtedly 
named  Quixada,  and  not  Quesada,  as  others  would  have 
it.  And  remembering  that  the  valorous  Amadis  was  not 
satisfied  only  with  the  dry  name  of  Amadis,  but  added 
thereunto  the  name  of  his  kingdom  and  country,  to  render 
his  own  more  redoubted,  terming  himself  Amadis  de 
Gaul ;  so  he,  like  a  good  knight,  would  add  to  his  own 
that  also  of  his  province,  and  call  himself  Don  Quixote  of 
the  Mancha,  wherewith  it  appeared  that  he  very  lively 
declared  his  lineage  and  country,  which  he  did  honour,  by 
taking  it  for  his  surname. 

His  armour  being  scoured,  his  morion  transformed  into 
a  helmet,  his  horse  named,  and  himself  confirmed  with  a 
new  name  also,  he  forthwith  bethought  himself,  that  now 
he  wanted  nothing  but  a  lady  on  whom  he  might  bestow 
his  service  and  affection  ;  for  the  knight-errant  that  is 
loveless  resembles  a  tree  that  wants  leaves  and  fruit,  or  a 
body  without  a  soul  :  and  therefore  he  was  wont  to  say, 
'  If  I  should  for  my  sins,  or  by  good  hap,  encounter  there 
abroad  with  some  giant  (as  knights-errant  do  ordinarily), 
and  that  I  should  overthrow  him  with  one  blow  to  the 
ground,  or  cut  him  with  a  stroke  in  two  halves,  or  finally 
overcome,  and  make  him  yield  to  me,  would  it  not  be  very 
expedient  to  have  some  lady  to  whom  I  might  present  him  ? 
And  that  he,  entering  in  her  presence,  do  kneel  before  my 
sweet  lady,  and  say  unto  her,  with  an  humble  and  submis- 
sive voice,  ''  Madam,  I  am  the  giant  Caraculiambro,  lord  of 
the  island  called  Malindrania,  whom  the  never-too-much- 
praised  knight,  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  hath  overcome 
in  single  combat ;  and  hath  commanded  to  present  myself 
to  your  greatness,  that  it  may  please  your  highness  to  dis- 
pose of  me  according  unto  your  liking  ! '"  Oh,  how  glad 
was  our  knight  when  he  had  made  this  discourse  to  him- 
self, but  chiefly  when  he  had  found  out  one  whom  he 
might  call  his  lady  !     For,  as  it  is  imagined,  there  dwelt 


Chap.  II         HIS   CALLING  AND   EXERCISE  7 

in  the  next  village  unto  his  manor,  a  young  handsome 
wench,  with  whom  he  was  sometime  in  love,  although,  as 
is  understood,  she  never  knew  or  took  notice  thereof.  She 
was  called  Aldonsa  Lorenzo,  and  her  he  thought  fittest  to 
entitle  with  the  name  of  Lady  of  his  thoughts,  and  search- 
ing a  name  for  her  that  should  not  vary  much  from  her 
own,  and  yet  should  draw  and  aveer  somewhat  to  that  of  a 
princess  or  great  lady,  he  called  her  Dulcinea  del  Toboso 
(for  there  she  was  born),  a  name  in  his  conceit  harmonious, 
strange,  and  significant,  like  to  all  the  others  that  he  had 
given  to  his  things. 


CHAPTER  II 

Of  the  First  Sally  that  Don  ^ixote  made  to  seek  Adventures 

Things  being  thus  ordered,  he  would  defer  the  execution 
of  his  designs  no  longer,  being  spurred  on  the  more 
vehemently  by  the  want  which  he  esteemed  his  delays 
wrought  in  the  world,  according  to  the  wrongs  that  he 
resolved  to  right,  the  harms  he  meant  to  redress,  the 
excesses  he  would  amend,  the  abuses  that  he  would  better, 
and  the  debts  he  would  satisfy.  And  therefore,  without 
acquainting  any  living  creature  with  his  intentions,  he,  un- 
seen of  any,  upon  a  certain  morning,  somewhat  before  the 
day  (being  one  of  the  warmest  of  July),  armed  himself 
cap-a-pie,  mounted  on  Rozinante,  laced  on  his  ill-contrived 
helmet,  embraced  his  target,  took  his  lance,  and  by  a 
postern  door  of  his  base-court  issued  out  to  the  field, 
marvellous  jocund  and  content  to  see  with  what  facility  he 
had  commenced  his  good  desires.  But  scarce  had  he 
sallied  to  the  fields,  when  he  was  suddenly  assaulted  by  a 
terrible  thought,  and  such  a  one  as  did  well-nigh  overthrow 
his  former  good  purposes  ;  which  was,  he  remembered  he 
was  not  yet  dubbed  knight,  and  therefore,  by  the  laws  of 
knighthood,  neither  could  nor  ought  to  combat  with  any 
knight :  and  though  he  were  one,  yet  ought  he  to  wear 


8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

white  armour  like  a  new  knight,  without  any  device  in  his 
shield  until  he  did  win  it  by  force  of  arms. 

These  thoughts  did  make  him  stagger  in  his  purposes  ; 
but  his  follies  prevailing  more  than  any  other  reason,  he 
purposed  to  cause  himself  to  be  knighted  by  the  first  he 
met,  to  the  imitation  of  many  others  that  did  the  same, 
as  he  had  read  in  the  books  which  distracted  him.  As 
touching  white  armour,  he  resolved,  with  the  first  oppor- 
tunity, to  scour  his  own  so  well,  that  they  should  rest 
whiter  than  ermines.  And  thus  he  pacified  his  mind  and 
prosecuted  his  journey,  without  choosing  any  other  way 
than  that  which  his  horse  pleased,  believing  that  therein 
consisted  the  vigour  of  knightly  adventures.  Our  bur- 
nished adventurer,  travelling  thus  onward,  did  parley  with 
himself  in  this  manner  :  '  Who  doubts,  in  the  ensuing 
ages,  when  the  true  history  of  my  famous  acts  shall  come 
to  light,  but  that  the  wise  man  who  shall  write  it,  will 
begin  it,  when  he  comes  to  declare  this  my  first  sally  so 
early  in  the  morning,  after  this  manner  ? — "  Scarce  had  the 
ruddy  Apollo  spread  over  the  face  of  the  vast  and  spacious 
earth  the  golden  twists  of  his  beautiful  hairs,  and  scarce  had 
the  little  enamelled  birds  with  their  naked  tongues  saluted 
with  sweet  and  mellifluous  harmony  the  arrival  of  rosy 
Aurora,  when,  abandoning  her  jealous  husband's  soft 
couch,  she  shows  herself  to  mortal  wights  through  the 
gates  and  windows  of  the  Manchegall  horizon  ;  when  the 
famous  knight,  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,  abandoning 
the  slothful  plumes,  did  mount  upon  his  renowned  horse 
Rozinante,  and  began  to  travel  through  the  ancient  and 
known  fields  of  Montiel " '  (as  indeed  he  did).  And 
following  still  on  with  his  discourse,  he  said  :  '  Oh,  happy 
the  age,  and  fortunate  the  time,  wherein  my  famous  feats 
shall  be  revealed,  feats  worthy  to  be  graven  in  brass, 
carved  in  marble,  and  delivered  with  most  curious  art  in 
tables,  for  a  future  instruction  and  memory.  And,  thou 
wise  enchanter,  whosoever  thou  beest,  whom  it  shall  con- 
cern to  be  the  chronicler  of  this  strange  history,  I  desire 
thee  not  to  forget  my  good  horse  Rozinante,  mine  eternal 
and  inseparable  companion  in  all  my  journeys  and  courses.' 


Chap.  II  HIS  FIRST   SALLY  9 

And  then,  as  if  he  were  verily  enamoured,  he  said  :  '  O 
Princess  Dulcinea !  lady  of  this  captive  heart !  much  wrong 
hast  thou  done  me  by  dismissing  me,  and  reproaching  me 
with  the  rigorous  decree  and  commandment,  not  to  appear 
before  thy  beauty.  I  pray  thee,  sweet  lady,  deign  to 
remember  thee  of  this  poor  subjected  heart,  that  for  thy 
love  suffers  so  many  tortures!'  And  with  these  words 
he  inserted  a  thousand  other  ravings,  all  after  the  very 
same  manner  that  his  books  taught  him,  imitating  as  near 
as  he  could  their  very  phrase  and  language,  and  did  ride 
therewithal  so  slow  a  pace,  and  the  sun  did  mount  so 
swiftly,  and  with  so  great  heat,  as  it  was  sufficient  to  melt 
his  brains,  if  he  had  had  any  left. 

He  travelled  almost  all  that  day  without  encountering 
anything  worthy  the  recital,  which  made  him  to  fret  for 
anger  ;  for  he  desired  to  encounter  presently  some  one 
upon  whom  he  might  make  trial  of  his  invincible  strength. 
Some  authors  write  that  his  first  adventure  was  that  of  the 
Lapicean  straits  ;  others,  that  of  the  Windmills  :  but  what 
I  could  only  find  out  in  this  affair,  and  which  I  have  found 
written  in  the  annals  of  the  Mancha,  is  that  he  travelled 
all  that  day  long,  and  at  night  both  he  and  his  horse 
were  tired,  and  marvellously  pressed  by  hunger ;  and, 
looking  about  him  on  every  side  to  see  whether  he  could 
discover  any  castle  or  sheepfold  wherein  he  might  retire 
himself  for  that  night,  and  remedy  his  wants,  he  perceived 
an  inn  near  unto  the  highway  wherein  he  travelled,  which 
was  as  welcome  a  sight  to  him  as  if  he  had  seen  a  star  that 
did  address  him  to  the  porch,  if  not  to  the  palace,  of  his 
redemption.  Then,  spurring  his  horse,  he  hied  all  he  might 
towards  it,  and  arrived  much  about  nightfall.  There  stood 
by  chance  at  the  inn  door  two  young  women,  adventurers 
likewise,  which  travelled  toward  Seville  with  certain  carriers, 
and  did  by  chance  take  up  their  lodging  in  that  inn  the  same 
evening ;  and,  forasmuch  as  our  knight-errant  esteemed  all 
which  he  thought,  saw,  or  imagined,  was  done  or  did  really 
pass  in  the  very  same  form  as  he  had  read  the  like  in  his 
books,  forthwith,  as  soon  as  he  espied  the  vent,  he  feigned 
to  himself  that  it  was  a  castle  with  four  turrets,  whereof 


10  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

the  pinnacles  were  of  glistering  silver,  without  omitting  the 
drawbridge,  deep  fosse,  and  other  adherents  belonging  to 
the  like  places.  And  approaching  by  little  and  little  to  the 
vent,  when  he  drew  near  to  it,  checking  Rozinante  with 
the  bridle,  he  rested  a  while  to  see  whether  any  dwarf 
would  mount  on  the  battlements  to  give  warning  with  the 
sound  of  a  trumpet  how  some  knight  did  approach  the 
castle  ;  but  seeing  they  stayed  so  long,  and  also  that  Rozin- 
ante kept  a  coil  to  go  to  his  stable,  he  went  to  the  inn 
door,  and  there  beheld  the  two  loose  baggages  that  stood 
at  it,  whom  he  presently  supposed  to  be  two  beautiful 
damsels  or  lovely  ladies,  that  did  solace  themselves  before 
the  castle  gates.  And  in  this  space  it  befel  by  chance,  that 
a  certain  swineherd,  as  he  gathered  together  his  hogs,  blew 
the  horn  whereat  they  are  wont  to  come  together  ;  and 
instantly  Don  Quixote  imagined  it  was  what  he  desired,  to 
wit,  some  dwarf  who  gave  notice  of  his  arrival  ;  and  there- 
fore, with  marvellous  satisfaction  of  mind,  he  approached 
to  the  inn  and  ladies  ;  who  beholding  one  armed  in  that 
manner  to  draw  so  near,  with  his  lance  and  target,  they 
made  much  haste,  being  greatly  affrighted,  to  get  to  their 
lodging.  But  Don  Quixote  perceiving  their  fear  by  their 
flight,  lifting  up  his  pasted  beaver,  and  discovering  his 
withered  and  dusty  countenance,  did  accost  them  with 
gentle  demeanour  and  grave  words  in  this  manner  :  *  Let 
not  your  ladyships  flee,  nor  fear  any  outrage  ;  for  to  the 
order  of  knighthood  which  I  do  profess,  it  toucheth  nor 
appertaineth  not  to  wrong  anybody,  and  least  of  all  such 
worthy  damsels  as  your  presences  denote  you  to  be.'  The 
wenches  looked  on  him  very  earnestly,  and  did  search  with 
their  eyes  for  the  visage,  which  his  ill-fashioned  beaver  did 
conceal ;  but  when  they  heard  themselves  termed  damsels, 
a  thing  so  far  from  their  profession,  they  could  not  con- 
tain their  laughter,  which  was  so  loud,  as  Don  Quixote 
waxed  ashamed  thereat  ;  and  therefore  said  to  them  : 
*  Modesty  is  a  comely  ornament  of  the  beautiful,  and  the 
excessive  laughter  that  springs  from  a  light  occasion  must 
be  reputed  great  folly.  But  I  do  not  object  this  unto  you 
to  make  you  the  more  ashamed,  or  that  you  should  take 


Chap.  II  HIS   FIRST   SALLY  ii 

it  in  ill  part  ;  for  my  desire  is  none  other  than  to  do  you 
all  the  honour  and  service  I  may/  This  he  spake  unto 
them  in  such  uncouth  words  as  they  could  not  understand 
him,  which  was  an  occasion,  joined  with  his  own  uncomeli- 
ness,  to  increase  their  laughter  and  his  wrath,  which  would 
have  passed  the  bounds  of  reason,  if  the  innkeeper  had  not 
come  out  at  the  instant,  being  a  man  who,  by  reason  of 
his  exceeding  fatness,  must  needs  have  been  of  a  very 
peaceable  condition  ;  who,  beholding  that  counterfeit  figure, 
all  armed  in  so  unsuitable  armour  as  were  his  bridle,  lance, 
target,  and  corslet,  was  very  near  to  have  kept  the  damsels 
company  in  the  pleasant  shows  of  his  merriment,  but  fear- 
ing in  effect  the  machina  and  bulk  contrived  of  so  various 
furnitures,  he  determined  to  speak  him  fairly ;  and  therefore 
began  to  him  in  this  manner  :  *  If  your  worship,  sir  knight, 
do  seek  for  lodging,  you  may  chalk  yourself  a  bed  for 
there  is  none  in  this  inn,  wherein  you  shall  find  all  other 
things  in  abundance/  Don  Quixote,  noting  the  lowli- 
ness of  the  constable  of  that  fortress  (for  such  the  inn  and 
innkeeper  seemed  unto  him),  answered,  '  Anything,  sir 
constable,  may  serve  me  ;  for  mine  arms  are  mine  orna- 
ments, and  battles  mine  ease,  etc/  The  host  thought 
he  had  called  him  a  castellano  or  constable,^  because  he 
esteemed  him  to  be  one  of  the  sincere  and  honest  men  of 
Castile,  whereas  he  was  indeed  an  Andalusian,  and  of  the 
commark  of  St.  Lucars,  no  less  thievish  than  Cacus,  nor 
less  malicious  and  crafty  than  a  student  or  page  ;  and 
therefore  he  answered  him  thus :  '  If  that  be  so,  your  bed 
must  be  hard  rocks,  and  your  sleep  a  perpetual  watching ; 
and  being  such,  you  may  boldly  alight,  and  shall  find  cer- 
tainly here  occasion  and  opportunity  to  hold  you  waking 
this  twelvemonth  more,  for  one  night/  And,  saying  so, 
laid  hold  on  Don  Quixote's  stirrup,  who  did  forthwith 
alight,  though  it  was  with  great  difficulty  and  pain  (as  one 
that  had  not  eaten  all  the  day  one  crumb),  and  then  he 
requested  his  host  to  have  special  care  of  his  horse,  saying, 
he  was  one  of  the  best  pieces  that  ever  ate  bread.     The 

^  Here  the  Spanish  is  castellano ;  that  is,  in  the  Spanish  tongue,  either 
a  constable  of  a  castle,  or  one  born  in  Castile. 


12  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

innkeeper  viewed  and  reviewed  him,  to  whom  he  did  not 
seem  half  so  good  as  Don  Quixote  valued  him ;  and,  set- 
ting him  up  in  the  stable,  he  turned  to  see  what  his  guest 
would  command,  who  was  a-disarming  by  both  the  damsels 
(which  were  by  this  time  reconciled  to  him),  who,  though 
they  had  taken  off  his  breastplate  and  back  parts,  yet  knew 
they  not  how,  nor  could  anywise  undo  his  gorget,  nor 
take  off  his  counterfeit  beaver,  which  he  had  fastened  on 
with  green  ribbons ;  and  by  reason  the  knots  were  so  in- 
tricate, it  was  requisite  they  should  be  cut,  whereunto  he 
would  not  in  anywise  agree;  and  therefore  remained  all 
the  night  with  his  helmet  on,  and  was  the  strangest  and 
pleasantest  figure  thereby  that  one  might  behold.  And  as 
he  was  a-disarming  (imagining  those  light  wenches  that 
helped  him  to  be  certain  principal  ladies  and  dames  of 
that  castle),  he  said  unto  them,  with  a  very  good  grace : 
*  Never  was  any  knight  so  well  attended  on  and  served 
by  ladies  as  was  Don  Quixote :  when  he  departed  from 
his  village,  damsels  attended  on  him,  and  princesses  on 
his  horse.  O  Rozinante! — for,  ladies,  that  is  the  name 
of  my  horse,  and  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha  is  mine 
own.  For  although  I  meant  at  the  first  not  to  have  dis- 
covered myself,  until  the  acts  done  in  your  service  and 
benefit  should  manifest  me ;  yet  the  necessity  of  accom- 
modating to  our  present  purpose  the  old  romance  of  Sir 
Launcelot,  hath  been  an  occasion  that  you  should  know 
my  name  before  the  right  season.  But  the  time  will  come 
wherein  your  ladyships  may  command  me,  and  I  obey, 
and  then  the  valour  of  mine  arm  shall  discover  the  desire 
I  have  to  do  you  service.' 

The  wenches  being  unaccustomed  to  hear  so  rhetorical 
terms,  answered  never  a  word  to  him,  but  only  demanded 
whether  he  would  eat  anything.  '  That  I  would,'  re- 
plied Don  Quixote,  *  forasmuch  as  I  think  the  taking  of 
a  little  meat  would  be  very  behooveful  for  me.'  It 
chanced  by  hap  to  be  on  Friday,  and  therefore  there  was 
no  other  meat  in  the  inn  than  a  few  pieces  of  a  fish  called  in 
Castile  abadexo^  in  Andalusia  hacallao^  and  in  some  places 
curadillo^  and  in  others  truchuela^  and  is  but  poor-John. 


Chap.  II  HIS   FIRST  SALLY  13 

They  demanded  of  him,  therefore,  whether  he  would 
eat  thereof,  giving  it  the  name,  used  in  that  place,  of  tru- 
chuela,  or  little  trout  ;  for  there  was  no  other  fish  in  all 
the  inn  to  present  unto  him  but  such.  '  Why,  then,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  bring  it  in  ;  for  if  there  be  many 
little  trouts  they  may  serve  me  instead  of  a  great  one  ;  it 
being  all  one  to  me,  to  be  paid  my  money  (if  I  were  to 
receive  any)  in  eight  single  reals,  or  to  be  paid  the  same  in 
one  real  of  eight.  And,  moreover,  those  little  trouts  are 
perhaps  like  unto  veal,  which  is  much  more  delicate  flesh 
than  beef;  or  the  kid,  which  is  better  than  the  goat;  but 
be  it  what  it  list,  let  it  be  brought  in  presently ;  for  the 
labour  and  weight  of  arms  cannot  be  well  borne  without 
the  well-supplying  of  the  guts.'  Then  was  there  straight 
laid  a  table  at  the  inn  door,  that  he  mought  take  the  air ; 
and  the  host  brought  him  a  portion  of  evil-watered  and 
worse-boiled  poor-John,  and  a  loaf  as  black  and  hoary  as 
his  harness.  But  the  only  sport  was  to  behold  him  eat ; 
for  by  reason  his  helmet  was  on,  and  his  beaver  lifted,  he 
could  put  nothing  into  his  mouth  himself  if  others  did  not 
help  him  to  find  the  way,  and  therefore  one  of  those 
ladies  served  his  turn  in  that ;  but  it  was  altogether  impos- 
sible to  give  him  drink  after  that  manner,  and  would  have 
remained  so  for  ever,  if  the  innkeeper  had  not  bored  a 
cane,  and  setting  the  one  end  in  his  mouth,  poured  down 
the  wine  at  the  other :  all  which  he  suffered  most  patiently, 
because  he  would  not  break  the  ribbons  of  his  helmet. 
And  as  he  sat  at  supper,  there  arrived  by  chance  a  sow- 
gelder,  who,  as  soon  as  he  came  to  the  inn,  did  sound  four 
or  five  times  a  whistle  of  canes,  the  which  did  confirm  Don 
Quixote  that  he  was  in  some  famous  castle,  where  he  was 
served  with  music ;  and  that  the  poor-john  was  trouts ;  the 
bread  of  the  finest  flour;  the  whores,  ladies;  and  the 
innkeeper,  constable  of  that  castle ;  wherefore  he  accounted 
his  resolution  and  departure  from  his  own  house  very  well 
employed.  But  that  which  did  most  afllict  him  was,  that 
he  was  not  yet  dubbed  knight,  forasmuch  as  he  was  fully 
persuaded  that  he  could  not  lawfully  enterprise,  or  follow 
any  adventure,  until  he  received  the  order  of  knighthood. 


14  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 


CHAPTER  III 

Wherein  is  recounted  the  Pleasant  Manner  observed  in  the 
Knighting  of  'Don  ^ixote 

And  being  thus  tossed  in  mind,  he  made  a  short,  beggarly 
supper;  which  being  finished,  he  called  for  his  host,  and, 
shutting  the  stable  door  very  fast,  he  laid  himself  down 
upon  his  knees  in  it  before  him,  saying,  *  I  will  never  rise 
from  the  place  where  I  am,  valorous  knight,  until  your 
courtesy  shall  grant  unto  me  a  boon  that  I  mean  to  demand 
of  you,  the  which  will  redound  unto  your  renown,  and  also 
to  the  profit  of  all  human  kind.'  The  innkeeper  seeing 
his  guest  at  his  feet,  and  hearing  him  speak  those  words, 
remained  confounded  beholding  him,  not  knowing  what  he 
might  do  or  say,  and  did  study  and  labour  to  make  him 
arise ;  but  all  was  in  vain,  until  he  must  have  promised 
unto  him  that  he  would  grant  him  any  gift  that  he  sought 
at  his  hands.  '  I  did  never  expect  less,'  replied  Don 
Quixote,  '  from  your  magnificence,  my  lord ;  and  there- 
fore I  say  unto  you,  that  the  boon  which  I  demand  of  you, 
and  that  hath  been  granted  unto  me  by  your  liberality,  is, 
that  to-morrow,  in  the  morning,  you  will  dub  me  knight, 
and  this  night  I  will  watch  mine  armour  in  the  chapel  of 
your  castle,  and  in  the  morning,  as  I  have  said,  the  rest  of 
my  desires  shall  be  accomplished,  that  I  may  go  in 
due  manner  throughout  the  four  parts  of  the  world,  to 
seek  adventures,  to  the  benefit  of  the  needy,  as  is  the  duty 
of  knighthood,  and  of  knights-errant,  as  I  am  ;  whose 
desires  are  wholly  inclined  and  dedicated  to  such  achieve- 
ments.' The  host,  who,  as  we  noted  before,  was  a  great 
giber,  and  had  before  gathered  some  arguments  of  the 
defect  of  wit  in  his  guest,  did  wholly  now  persuade  him- 
self that  his  suspicions  were  true,  when  he  heard  him 
speak  in  that  manner ;  and  that  he  might  have  an  occasion 
of  laughter,  he  resolved  to  feed  his  humour  that  night  ; 
and  therefore  answered  him,  that  he  had  very  great  reason 


Chap.  Ill  HIS   KNIGHTING  15 

in  that  which  he  desired  and  sought,  and  that  such  projects 
were  proper  and  natural  to  knights  of  the  garb  and  worth 
he  seemed  to  be  of;   and  that  he  himself  likewise,  in  his 
youthful   years,   had    followed    that   honourable  exercise, 
going  through  divers  parts  of  the  world  to  seek  adven- 
tures, without  either  omitting  the  dangers  of  Malaga,^  the 
Isles  of  Riaran,  the  compass  of  Seville,  the  quicksilver^ 
house  of  Segovia,  the  olive  field  of  Valencia,  the  circuit  of 
Granada,  the  wharf  of  St.  Lucar,  the  Potro  or  Cowlt  of 
Cordova,^  and  the  little  taverns  of  Toledo ;    and  many 
other    places,  wherein   he  practised    the    dexterity  of  his 
hands ;    doing    many    wrongs,    soliciting    many    widows, 
undoing  certain  maidens,  and  deceiving  many  pupils,  and 
finally    making    himself   known    and    famous    in   all    the 
tribunals  and  courts  almost  of  all  Spain ;   and  that  at  last 
he  had  retired  himself  to  that  his  castle,  where  he  was 
sustained  with  his  own  and  other  men's  goods,  entertaining 
in  it  all  knights-errant,  of  whatsoever  quality  and  condition 
they  were,  only  for  the   great  affection  he  bore  towards 
them,  and  to  the  end  they  might  divide  with  him  part  of 
their  winnings  in  recompense  of  his  goodwill.     He  added 
besides,  that  there  was  no  chapel  in  his  castle  wherein  he 
might  watch  his  arms,  for  he  had  broken  it  down,  to  build 
it  up  anew ;  but,  notwithstanding,  he  knew  very  well  that 
in  a  case  of  necessity  they  might  lawfully  be  watched  in 
any  other  place,  and  therefore  he  might  watch  them  that 
night  in  the  base-court  of  the  castle ;  for  in  the  morning, 
an  it  pleased  God,  the  ceremonies  requisite  should  be  done 
in  such  sort  as  he  should  remain  a  dubbed  knight,  in  so 
good  fashion  as  in  all  the  world  he  could  not  be  bettered. 
He  demanded  of  Don  Quixote  whether  he  had  any  money; 
who  answered  that  he  had  not  a  blank,  for  he  had  never 
read  in  any  history  of  knights-errant  that  any  one  of  them 
ever  carried  any  money.     To  this  his  host  replied,  that  he 
was  deceived ;  for,  admit  that  histories  made  no  mention 

^  Percheles.  2  Azuguezo. 

2  The  potron  of  Cordova  is  a  certain  fountain  wherein  stands  a 
Pegasus,  and  to  that  fountain  resort  a  number  of  coney-catching  fellows, 
as  to  Duke  Humfrey  at  Paules. 


i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

thereof,    because    the    authors    of    them    deemed    it    not 
necessary  to  express  a  thing  so  manifest  and  needful  to  be 
carried  as  was  money  and  clean  shirts,  it  was  not  therefore 
to  be  credited  that  they  had  none  ;  and  therefore  he  should 
hold,  for  most  certain  and  manifest,  that  all  the  knights- 
errant,  with  the  story  of  whose  acts  so  many  books  are 
replenished  and  heaped,  had  their    purses  well  lined  for 
that  which  might  befall,  and  did  moreover  carry  with  them 
a  little  casket  of  ointments  and  salves,  to  cure  the  wounds 
which  they  received,  for  they  had  not  the  commodity  of  a 
surgeon  to  cure  them,  every  time  that  they  fought  abroad 
in  the  fields  and  deserts,  if  they  had  not  by  chance  some 
wise  enchanter  to  their  friend,  who  would  presently  succour 
them,  bringing  unto  them,  in  some  cloud,  through  the  air, 
some  damsel  or  dwarf,  with  a  vial  of  water  of  so  great 
virtue,  as  tasting  one  drop  thereof,  they  remained  as  whole 
of  their  sores  and  wounds  as  if  they  had  never  received 
any.     But  when  they  had  not  that  benefit,  the  knights  of 
times  past  held   it  for  a  very  commendable   and   secure 
course  that  their  squires  should  be  provided  of  money  and 
other  necessary  things,  as  lint  and  ointments  for  to  cure 
themselves ;    and  when  it  befel  that  the  like  knights  had 
no  squires  to  attend  upon  them  (which  happened  but  very 
seldom),  then  would  they  themselves  carry  all  this  pro- 
vision behind  them  on  their  horses,  in   some  slight  and 
subtle  wallets,  which  could  scarce  be  perceived  as  a  thing 
of  very  great  consequence ;  for,  if  it  were  not  upon  such 
an  occasion,  the  carriage  of  wallets  was  not  very  tolerable 
among  knights-errant.     And  in  this  respect  he  did  advise 
him,  seeing  he  might  yet  command  him,  as  one  that,  by 
receiving  the  order  of  knighthood  at  his  hands,  should  very 
shortly  become  his  godchild,   that  he  should  not  travel 
from  thenceforward  without  money  and  other  the  preven- 
tions he  had  then  given  unto  him ;  and  he  should  perceive 
himself  how  behooveful  they  would  prove  unto  him  when 
he  least  expected  it. 

Don  Quixote  promised  to  accomplish  all  that  he  had 
counselled  him  to  do,  with  all  punctuality  ;  and  so  order 
was  forthwith  given  how  he  should  watch  his  arms  in  a 


Chap.  Ill  HIS  KNIGHTING  17 

great  yard  that  lay  near  unto  one  side  of  the  inn.  Where- 
fore Don  Quixote  gathered  all  his  arms  together,  laid  them 
on  a  cistern  that  stood  near  unto  a  well ;  and,  buckling  on 
his  target,  he  laid  hold  on  his  lance,  and  walked  up  and 
down  before  the  cistern  very  demurely,  and  when  he 
began  to  walk,  the  night  likewise  began  to  lock  up  the 
splendour  of  the  day.  The  innkeeper,  in  the  mean  season, 
recounted  to  all  the  rest  that  lodged  in  the  inn  the  folly 
of  his  guest,  the  watching  of  his  arms,  and  the  knighthood 
which  he  expected  to  receive.  They  all  admired  very 
much  at  so  strange  a  kind  of  folly,  and  went  out  to  behold 
him  from  afar  off,  and  saw  that  sometimes  he  pranced  to 
and  fro  with  a  quiet  gesture  ;  other  times,  leaning  upon 
his  lance,  he  looked  upon  his  armour,  without  beholding 
any  other  thing  save  his  arms  for  a  good  space. 

The  night  being  shut  up  at  last  wholly,  but  with  such 
clearness  of  the  moon  as  it  might  well  compare  with  his 
brightness  that  lent  her  her  splendour,  everything  which 
our  new  knight  did  was  easily  perceived  by  all  the 
beholders.  In  this  season  one  of  the  carriers  that  lodged 
in  the  inn  resolved  to  water  his  mules,  and  for  that  purpose 
it  was  necessary  to  remove  Don  Quixote's  armour  that 
lay  on  the  cistern  ;  who,  seeing  him  approach,  said  unto 
him,  with  a  loud  voice,  'O  thou,  whosoever  thou  beest, 
bold  knight !  that  comest  to  touch  the  armour  of  the  most 
valorous  adventurer  that  ever  girded  sword,  look  well 
what  thou  dost,  and  touch  them  not,  if  thou  meanest  not 
to  leave  thy  life  in  payment  of  thy  presumption.'  The 
carrier  made  no  account  of  those  words  (but  it  were  better 
he  had,  for  it  would  have  redounded  to  his  benefit),  but 
rather,  laying  hold  on  the  leatherings,  threw  the  armour  a 
pretty  way  off  from  him,  which  being  perceived  by  Don 
Quixote,  he  lifted  up  his  eyes  towards  heaven,  and  address- 
ing his  thoughts  (as  it  seemed)  to  his  Lady  Dulcinea, 
he  said,  '  Assist  me,  dear  lady,  in  this  first  dangerous 
scorn  and  adventure  offered  to  this  breast,  that  is 
enthralled  to  thee,  and  let  not  thy  favour  and  protection 
fail  me  in  this  my  first  trance  ! '  And,  uttering  these  and 
other  such  words,  he  let  slip  his  target,  and,  lifting  up  his 


i8  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  I 

lance  with  both  hands,  he  paid  the  carrier  so  round  a  knock 
therewithal  on  the  pate,  as  he  overthrew  him  to  the  ground 
in  so  evil  taking,  as,  if  he  had  seconded  it  with  another,  he 
should  not  have  needed  any  surgeon  to  cure  him.  This 
done,  he  gathered  up  his  armour  again,  and  laying  them 
where  they  had  been  before,  he  walked  after  up  and  down 
by  them,  with  as  much  quietness  as  he  did  at  the  first. 

But  very  soon  after,  another  carrier,  without  knowing 
what  had  happened  (for  his  companion  lay  yet  in  a  trance 
on  the  ground),  came  also  to  give  his  mules  water,  and 
coming  to  take  away  the  arms,  that  he  might  free  the 
cistern  of  encumbrances,  and  take  water  the  easier — Don 
Quixote  saying  nothing,  nor  imploring  favour  of  his 
mistress  or  any  other,  let  slip  again  his  target,  and,  lifting 
his  lance,  without  breaking  of  it  in  pieces,  made  more  than 
three  of  the  second  carrier's  noddle  ;  for  he  broke  it  in 
four  places.  All  the  people  of  the  inn,  and  amongst  them 
the  host  likewise,  repaired  at  this  time  to  the  noise ;  which 
Don  Quixote  perceiving,  embracing  his  target,  and  laying 
hand  on  his  sword,  he  said :  '  O  lady  of  all  beauty ! 
courage  and  vigour  of  my  weakened  heart  !  it  is  now  high 
time  that  thou  do  convert  the  eyes  of  thy  greatness  to  this 
thy  captive  knight,  who  doth  expect  so  marvellous  great 
an  adventure.'  Saying  thus,  he  recovered,  as  he  thought, 
so  great  courage,  that  if  all  the  carriers  of  the  world  had 
assailed  him,  he  would  not  go  one  step  backward.  The 
wounded  men's  fellows,  seeing  them  so  evil  dight,  from 
afar  off  began  to  rain  stones  on  Don  Quixote,  who  did 
defend  himself  the  best  he  might  with  his  target,  and  durst 
not  depart  from  the  cistern,  lest  he  should  seem  to  abandon 
his  arms.  The  innkeeper  cried  to  them  to  let  him  alone ; 
for  he  had  already  informed  them  that  he  was  mad,  and  so 
such  a  one  would  escape  scot-free  although  he  had  slain 
them  all.  Don  Quixote  likewise  cried  out  louder,  terming 
them  all  disloyal  men  and  traitors,  and  that  the  lord  of  the 
castle  was  a  treacherous  and  bad  knight,  seeing  that  he  con- 
sented that  knights -errant  should  be  so  basely  used  ;  and 
that,  if  he  had  not  yet  received  the  order  of  knighthood, 
he  would  make  him  understand  his  treason  :   '  But  of  you 


Chap.  Ill  HIS  KNIGHTING  19 

base  and  rascally  kennel,'  quoth  he,  'I  make  no  reckoning 
at  all.  Throw  at  me,  approach,  draw  near,  and  do  me  all 
the  hurt  you  may,  for  you  shall  ere  long  perceive  the  reward 
you  shall  carry  for  this  your  madness  and  outrage.'  Which 
words  he  spoke  with  so  great  spirit  and  boldness,  as  he 
struck  a  terrible  fear  into  all  those  that  assaulted  him ;  and 
therefore,  moved  both  by  it,  and  the  innkeeper's  per- 
suasions, they  left  off  throwing  stones  at  him,  and  he 
permitted  them  to  carry  away  the  wounded  men,  and 
returned  to  the  guard  of  his  arms  with  as  great  quietness 
and  gravity  as  he  did  at  the  beginning. 

The  innkeeper  did  not  like  very  much  these  tricks  of 
his  guest,  and  therefore  he  determined  to  abbreviate,  and 
give  him  the  unfortunate  order  of  knighthood  forthwith, 
before  some  other  disaster  befel.  And  with  this  resolution 
coming  unto  him,  he  excused  himself  of  the  insolences 
those  base  fellows  had  used  to  him,  without  his  privity  or 
consent  ;  but  their  rashness,  as  he  said,  remained  well 
chastised.  He  added  how  he  had  already  told  unto  him, 
that  there  was  no  chapel  in  his  castle,  and  that  for  what  yet 
rested  unperfected  of  their  intention,  it  was  not  necessary, 
because  the  chief  point  of  remaining  knighted  consisted 
chiefly  in  blows  of  the  neck  and  shoulders,  as  he  had  read 
in  the  ceremonial  book  of  the  order,  and  that  that  might 
be  given  in  the  very  midst  of  the  fields ;  and  that  he  had 
already  accomplished  the  obligation  of  watching  his  arms, 
which  with  only  two  hours'  watch  might  be  fulfilled ;  how 
much  more  after  having  watched  four,  as  he  had  done. 
All  this  Don  Quixote  believed,  and  therefore  answered, 
that  he  was  most  ready  to  obey  him,  and  requested  him  to 
conclude  with  all  the  brevity  possible  ;  for  if  he  saw  him- 
self knighted,  and  were  once  again  assaulted,  he  meant  not 
to  leave  one  person  alive  in  all  the  castle,  except  those 
which  the  constable  should  command,  whom  he  would  spare 
for  his  sake. 

The  constable  being  thus  advertised,  and  fearful  that 
he  would  put  this  his  deliberation  in  execution,  brought 
out  a  book  presently,  wherein  he  was  wont  to  write 
down  the  accounts    of  the   straw  and    barley  which  he 


20  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

delivered  from   time  to  time  to  such  carriers  as  lodged 
in  his  inn,  for  their  beasts ;  and,  with  a  butt  of  a  candle, 
which  a  boy  held  lighted  in  his  hand  before  him,  accom- 
panied by  the  two  damsels  above  mentioned,  he  came  to 
Don  Quixote,   whom  he  commanded  to  kneel  upon  his 
knees,  and,  reading   in   his   manual   (as  it  seemed,  some 
devout  orison),  he  held  up  his  hand  in  the  midst  of  the 
lecture,  and  gave  him  a  good  blow  on  the  neck,  and  after 
that  gave  him  another  trim   thwack   over  the  shoulders 
with     his    own    sword,    always     murmuring     something 
between  the  teeth,   as  if  he  prayed.       This  being  done, 
he  commanded  one  of  the  ladies  to  gird  on  his  sword, 
which  she  did  with  a  singular  good  grace  and  dexterity, 
which  was  much,  the  matter  being  of  itself  so  ridiculous, 
as  it  wanted  but  little  to  make  a  man  burst  with  laughter 
at    every   passage    of  the    ceremonies ;    but    the    prowess 
which   they  had   already  beheld   in   the   new   knight   did 
limit  and   contain   their   delight.      At   the  girding  on   of 
his    sword,    the    good    lady    said,    '  God    make    you    a 
fortunate  knight,  and  give  you  good  success  in  all  your 
debates ! '      Don    Ouixote    demanded   then   how  she  was 
called,  that  he  might  thenceforward   know   to  whom   he 
was  so  much  obliged  for  the  favour  received.     And  she 
answered,   with    great    buxomness,    that    she    was    named 
Tolosa,   and  was  a  butcher's   daughter   of  Toledo,   that 
dwelt   in    Sancho    Benega's    Street,   and  that    she    would 
ever   honour   him    as    her   lord.      Don    Quixote    replied, 
requesting  her,  for  his  sake,  to  call  herself  from  thence- 
forth the  Lady  Tolosa,  which  she  promised  him  to  perform. 
The  other  lady  buckled  on  his  spur,  with  whom  he  had 
the  very  like  conference,  and,  asking  her  name,  she  told 
him   she  was  called   Molinera,   and  was  daughter  to   an 
honest  miller  of  Antequera.      Her  likewise  our   knight 
entreated  to  call  herself  the  Lady  Molinera,  proffering 
her    new   services   and    favours.      The    new   and    never- 
seen-before   ceremonies    being    thus    speedily  finished,   as 
it   seemed,   with  a  gallop,   Don   Quixote   could  not  rest 
until  he  was  mounted   on   horseback,  that  he  might  go 
to  seek  adventures ;  wherefore,  causing  Rozinante  to  be 


Chap.  IV  THE  COUNTRYMAN  AND  HIS  BOY  21 

instantly  saddled,  he  leaped  on  him,  and  embracing  his 
host,  he  said  unto  him  such  strange  things,  gratifying 
the  favour  he  had  done  him  in  dubbing  him  knight,  as 
it  is  impossible  to  hit  upon  the  manner  of  recounting 
them  right.  The  innkeeper,  that  he  might  be  quickly 
rid  of  him,  did  answer  his  words  with  others  no  less 
rhetorical,  but  was  in  his  speech  somewhat  briefer;  and, 
without  demanding  of  him  anything  for  his  lodging,  he 
suffered  him  to  depart  in  a  fortunate  hour. 


CHAPTER  IV 

Of  that  which  befel  to  our  Knight  after  he  had  departed 
from  the  Inn 

Aurora  began  to  display  her  beauties  about  the  time  that 
Don  Quixote  issued  out  of  the  inn,  so  content,  lively,  and 
jocund  to  behold  himself  knighted,  as  his  very  horse- 
girths  were  ready  to  burst  for  joy.  But  calling  to 
memory  the  counsels  that  his  host  had  given  him,  touch- 
ing the  most  needful  implements  that  he  was  ever  to  carry 
about  him,  of  money  and  clean  shirts,  he  determined  to 
return  to  his  house,  and  to  provide  himself  of  them,  and 
also  of  a  squire ;  making  account  to  entertain  a  certain 
labourer,  his  neighbour,  who  was  poor  and  had  children, 
but  yet  one  very  fit  for  this  purpose  and  squirely  function 
belonging  to  knighthood.  With  this  determination  he 
turned  Rozinante  towards  the  way  of  his  own  village,  who, 
knowing  in  a  manner  his  will,  began  to  trot  on  with  so 
good  a  pace  as  he  seemed  not  to  touch  the  ground.  He 
had  not  travelled  far,  when  he  thought  that  he  heard  cer- 
tain weak  and  delicate  cries,  like  to  those  of  one  that 
complained,  to  issue  out  from  the  thickest  of  a  wood  that 
stood  on  the  right  hand.  And  scarce  had  he  heard  them 
when  he  said  :  '  I  render  infinite  thanks  to  Heaven  for 
the  favour  it  doth  me,  by  proffering  me  so  soon  occasion 


22  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  I 

wherein  I  may  accomplish  the  duty  of  my  profession, 
and  gather  the  fruits  of  my  good  desires.  These  plaints 
doubtlessly  be  of  some  distressed  man  or  woman,  who 
needeth  my  favour  and  aid/  Then,  turning  the  reins, 
he  guided  Rozinante  towards  the  place  from  whence  he 
thought  the  complaints  sallied  ;  and  within  a  few  paces 
after  he  had  entered  into  the  thicket,  he  saw  a  mare  tied 
unto  an  holm  oak,  and  to  another  was  tied  a  young  youth, 
all  naked  from  the  middle  upward,  of  about  the  age  of 
fifteen  years,  and  was  he  that  cried  so  pitifully :  and  not 
without  cause ;  for  a  certain  countryman  of  comely  per- 
sonage did  whip  him  with  a  girdle,  and  accompanied  every 
blow  with  a  reprehension  and  counsel ;  for  he  said,  *  The 
tongue  must  peace,  and  the  eyes  be  wary/  And  the  boy 
answered,  '  I  will  never  do  it  again,  good  master ;  for  the 
passion  of  God,  I  will  never  do  it  again.  And  I  promise 
to  have  more  care  of  your  things  from  henceforth.' 

But  Don  Quixote,  viewing  all  that  passed,  said,  with  an 
angry  voice,  '  Discourteous  knight,  it  is  very  uncomely  to 
see  thee  deal  thus  with  one  that  cannot  defend  himself. 
Mount,  therefore,  on  horseback,  and  take  thy  lance '  (for 
the  farmer  had  also  a  lance  leaning  to  the  very  same  tree 
whereunto  his  mare  was  tied),  '  for  I  will  make  thee  know 
that  it  is  the  use  of  cowards  to  do  that  which  thou  dost.' 
The  other,  beholding  such  an  antic  to  hover  over  him,  all 
laden  with  arms,  and  brandishing  of  his  lance  towards  his 
face,  made  full  account  that  he  should  be  slain,  and  there- 
fore he  answered,  with  very  mild  and  submissive  words, 
saying,  '  Sir  knight,  the  boy  which  I  chastise  is  mine  own 
servant,  and  keepeth  for  me  a  flock  of  sheep  in  this  com- 
mark  ;  who  is  grown  so  negligent,  as  he  loseth  one  of 
them  every  other  day,  and  because  I  correct  him  for  his 
carelessness  and  knavery,  he  says  I  do  it  through  covetous- 
ness  and  pinching,  as  meaning  to  defraud  him  of  his  wages  ; 
but,  before  God,  and  in  conscience,  he  belies  me.'  '  What ! 
the  lie  in  my  presence,  rascally  clown  ? '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  By  the  sun  that  shines  on  us,  I  am  about  to 
run  thee  through  and  through  with  my  lance,  base  carle ! 
Pay  him  instantly,  without  more  replying ;  or  else,  by  that 


Chap.  IV  THE  COUNTRYMAN  AND  HIS  BOY  23 

God  which  doth  manage  our  sublunar  affairs,  I  will  con- 
clude thee  and  annihilate  thee  in  a  moment !  Loose  him 
forthwith ! '  The  countryman,  hanging  down  of  his  head, 
made  no  reply,  but  loosed  his  servant ;  of  whom  Don 
Quixote  demanded  how  much  did  his  master  owe  unto 
him.  He  said,  nine  months'  hire,  at  seven  reals  a  month. 
Don  Quixote  made  then  the  account,  and  found  that  all 
amounted  to  sixty-one  reals,  and  therefore  commanded 
the  farmer  to  pay  the  money  presently,  if  he  meant  not  to 
die  for  it.  The  fearful  countryman  answered,  that  by  the 
trance  wherein  he  was  then,  and  by  the  oath  he  had  made 
(which  was  none  at  all,  for  he  swore  not),  that  he  owed 
not  so  much ;  for  there  should  be  deducted  out  of  the 
account  three  pairs  of  shoes  he  had  given  unto  him,  and  a 
real  for  twice  letting  him  blood,  being  sick.  'AH  is  well,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  but  let  the  price  of  the  shoes  and 
letting  blood  go  for  the  blows  which  thou  hast  given  him 
without  any  desert ;  for  if  he  have  broken  the  leather  of 
those  shoes  thou  hast  bestowed  on  him,  thou  hast  likewise 
torn  the  skin  of  his  body ;  and  if  the  barber  took  away  his 
blood,  being  sick,  thou  hast  taken  it  out,  he  being  in 
health;  so  as  in  that  respect  he  owes  thee  nothing.'  'The 
damage  is,  sir  knight,'  replied  the  boy's  master,  'that  I 
have  no  money  here  about  me.  Let  Andrew  come  with 
me  to  my  house,  and  I  will  pay  him  his  wages,  one  real 
upon  another.'  'I  go  with  him!'  quoth  the  boy;  'evil 
befall  me  then  !  No,  sir,  I  never  meant  it ;  for  as  soon  as 
ever  he  were  alone,  he  would  flay  me  like  St.  Bartholomew.' 
'  He  will  not  dare  to  do  it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  my 
command  is  sufficient  to  make  him  respect  me,  and  so  that 
he  will  swear  to  me  to  observe  it,  by  the  order  of  knight- 
hood which  he  hath  received,  I  will  set  him  free,  and 
assure  thee  of  the  payment.'  '  Good  sir,'  quoth  the  youth, 
'  mark  well  what  you  say ;  for  this  man,  my  master,  is  no 
knight,  nor  did  ever  receive  any  order  of  knighthood,  for 
he  is  John  Haldudo,  the  rich  man,  a  dweller  of  Quintinar.' 
'That  makes  no  matter,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  'for  there 
may  be  knights  of  the  Haldudos ;  and  what  is  more,  every 
one  is  son  of  his  works.'     'That's  true,'  quoth  Andrew; 


24  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

*  but  of  what  works  can  this  my  master  be  son,  seeing  he 
denies  me  my  wages,  and  my  sweat  and  labour  ? '  '  I  do 
not  deny  thy  wages,  friend  Andrew,'  quoth  his  master  ; 

*  do  me  but  the  pleasure  to  come  with  me,  and  I  swear,  by 
all  the  orders  of  knighthood  that  are  in  the  world,  to  pay 
thee  as  I  have  said,  one  real  upon  another — yea,  and  those 
also  perfumed.*  '  For  the  perfuming,  I  thank  thee,*  quoth 
Don  Quixote ;  *  give  it  him  in  reals,  and  with  that  I  will 
rest  satisfied ;  and  see  that  thou  fulfiUest  it  as  thou  hast 
sworn :  if  not,  I  swear  again  to  thee,  by  the  same  oath,  to 
return  and  search  thee,  and  chastise  thee,  and  I  will  find 
thee  out,  though  thou  shouldst  hide  thyself  better  than  a 
lizard ;  and  if  thou  desirest  to  note  who  commands  thee 
this,  that  thou  mayst  remain  more  firmly  obliged  to 
accomplish  it,  know  that  I  am  the  valorous  Don  Quixote 
of  the  Mancha,  the  righter  of  wrongs  and  undoer  of 
injuries  ;  and  so  farewell,  and  do  not  forget  what  thou 
hast  promised  and  sworn,  on  pain  of  the  pains  already 
pronounced.*  And,  saying  these  words,  he  spurred 
Rozinante,  and  in  short  space  was  got  far  off  from  them. 
The  countryman  pursued  him  with  his  eye,  and,  perceiving 
that  he  was  past  the  wood,  and  quite  out  of  sight,  he 
returned  to  his  man  Andrew,  and  said  to  him,  '  Come  to 
me,  child,  for  I  will  pay  thee  what  I  owe  thee,  as  that 
righter  of  wrongs  hath  left  me  commanded.'  '  That  I 
swear,*  quoth  Andrew ;  '  and  you  shall  deal  discreetly  in 
fulfilling  that  good  knight's  commandment,  who  I  pray 
God  may  live  a  thousand  years  ;  for,  seeing  he  is  so 
valorous  and  so  just  a  judge,  I  swear  by  Rocque,  that  if 
you  pay  me  not,  he  shall  return  and  execute  what  he 
promised.*  'I  also  do  swear  the  same,*  quoth  the  farmer; 
'  but  in  respect  of  the  great  affection  I  bear  unto  thee,  I 
will  augment  the  debt,  to  increase  the  payment.*  And, 
catching  the  youth  by  the  arm,  he  tied  him  again  to  the 
oak,  where  he  gave  him  so  many  blows  as  he  left  him  for 
dead.  *  Call  now.  Master  Andrew,*  quoth  he,  *  for  the 
righter  of  wrongs,  and  thou  shalt  see  that  he  cannot  undo 
this,  although  I  believe  it  is  not  yet  ended  to  be  done ;  for 
I  have  yet  a  desire  to  flay  thee  alive,  as  thou  didst  thyself 


Chap.  IV  THE  COUNTRYMAN  AND  HIS  BOY  25 

fear/  Notwithstanding  all  these  threats,  he  untied  him  at 
last,  and  gave  him  leave  to  go  seek  out  his  judge,  to  the 
end  he  might  execute  the  sentence  pronounced.  Andrew 
departed  somewhat  discontent,  swearing  to  search  for  the 
valorous  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,  and  recount  unto 
him,  word  for  word,  all  that  had  passed,  and  that  he 
should  pay  the  abuse  with  usury ;  but,  for  all  his  threats, 
he  departed  weeping,  and  his  master  remained  behind 
laughing :  and  in  this  manner  the  valorous  Don  Quixote 
redressed  that  wrong. 

Who,  glad  above  measure  for  his  success,  accounting 
himself  to  have  given  a  most  noble  beginning  to  his  feats 
of  arms,  did  travel  towards  his  village,  with  very  great 
satisfaction  of  himself,  and  said,  in  a  low  tone,  these  words 
following :  *  Well  mayst  thou  call  thyself  happy  above  all 
other  women  of  the  earth,  O  above  all  beauties,  beautiful 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso  !  since  thy  good  fortune  was  such,  to 
hold  subject  and  prostrate  to  thy  will  and  desire  so  valiant 
and  renowned  a  knight  as  is,  and  ever  shall  be,  Don 
Quixote  of  the  Mancha,  who,  as  all  the  world  knows, 
received  the  order  of  knighthood  but  yesterday,  and  hath 
destroyed  to-day  the  greatest  outrage  and  wrong  that  want 
of  reason  could  form,  or  cruelty  commit.  To-day  did  he 
take  away  the  whip  out  of  that  pitiless  enemy's  hand,  which 
did  so  cruelly  scourge  without  occasion  the  delicate  infant.' 

In  this  discourse  he  came  to  a  way  that  divided  itself 
into  four,  and  presently  these  thwarting  cross-ways  repre- 
sented themselves  to  his  imagination,  which  ofttimes 
held  knights-errant  in  suspense  which  way  they  should 
take ;  and,  that  he  might  imitate  them,  he  stood  still  a 
while,  and,  after  he  had  bethought  himself  well,  he  let  slip 
the  reins  to  Rozinante,  subjecting  his  will  to  that  of  his 
horse,  who  presently  pursued  his  first  design,  which  was  to 
return  home  unto  his  own  stable  :  and  having  travelled 
some  two  miles,  Don  Quixote  discovered  a  great  troop  of 
people,  who,  as  it  was  after  known,  were  certain  merchants 
of  Toledo,  that  rode  towards  Murcia  to  buy  silks.  They 
were  six  in  number,  and  came  with  their  quitasoles,^  or 

^  A  thing  made  like  a  canopy,  and  is  used  by  travellers  to  keep  away  the  sun. 


26  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

shadows  of  the  sun,  four  serving-men  on  horseback,  and 
three  lackeys.  Scarce  had  Don  Quixote  perceived  them, 
when  he  straight  imagined  them  to  be  a  new  adventure. 
And  because  he  would  imitate  as  much  as  was  possible 
the  passages  which  he  read  in  his  books,  he  repre- 
sented this  to  himself  to  be  just  such  an  adventure 
as  he  purposed  to  achieve.  And  so,  with  comely 
gesture  and  hardiness,  settling  himself  well  in  the  stir- 
rups, he  set  his  lance  into  his  rest,  and  embraced  his 
target,  and,  placing  himself  in  the  midst  of  the  way,  he 
stood  awaiting  when  those  knights-errant  should  arrive  ; 
for  now  he  judged  and  took  them  for  such.  And  when 
they  were  so  near  as  they  might  hear  and  see  him,  he 
lifted  up  his  voice,  and  said  :  '  Let  all  the  world  stand  and 
pass  no  further,  if  all  the  world  will  not  confess  that  there 
is  not  in  all  the  world  a  more  beautiful  damsel  than  the 
Empress  of  the  Mancha,  the  peerless  Dulcinea  of  Toboso ! ' 
The  merchants  stayed  at  these  words  to  behold  the  mar- 
vellous and  ridiculous  shape  of  him  that  spake  them,  and, 
by  his  fashion  and  them  joined  did  incontinently  gather 
his  folly  and  distraction,  and,  notwithstanding,  would 
leisurely  behold  to  what  tended  that  confession  which 
he  exacted  of  them  ;  and  therefore  one  of  them,  who 
was  somewhat  given  to  gibing,  and  was  withal  very  dis- 
creet, said  unto  him,  '  Sir  knight,  we  do  not  know  that 
good  lady  of  whom  you  speak  ;  show  her  therefore  to  us, 
and  if  she  be  so  beautiful  as  you  affirm,  we  will  willingly, 
and  without  any  compulsion,  confess  the  truth  which  you 
now  demand  of  us.'  '  If  I  did  show  her  to  you,'  replied 
Don  Quixote,  *  what  mastery  were  it  then  for  you  to 
acknowledge  a  truth  so  notorious  ?  The  consequence 
of  mine  affairs  consists  in  this,  that,  without  beholding 
her,  you  do  believe,  confess,  affirm,  swear,  and  defend 
it  ;  which  if  you  refuse  to  perform,  I  challenge  you  all 
to  battle,  proud  and  unreasonable  folk  ;  and,  whether 
you  come  one  by  one  (as  the  order  of  knighthood  re- 
quires), or  all  at  once,  as  is  the  custom  and  dishonourable 
practice  of  men  of  your  brood,  here  will  I  expect  and 
await  you  all,  trusting  in  the  reason  which  I  have  on  my 


Chap.  IV      THE  MERCHANTS  OF  TOLEDO  27 

side.'  '  Sir  knight/  replied  the  merchant,  '  I  request  you, 
in  all  these  princes'  names,  as  many  as  we  be  here,  that  to 
the  end  we  may  not  burden  our  consciences,  confessing  a 
thing  which  we  never  beheld  nor  heard,  and,  chiefly,  being 
so  prejudicial  to  the  empresses  and  queens  of  the  king- 
doms of  Alcaria  and  Estremadura,  you  will  please  to  show 
us  some  portraiture  of  that  lady,  although  it  be  no  bigger 
than  a  grain  of  wheat,  for  by  one  thread  we  may  judge  of 
the  whole  clew  ;  and  we  will  with  this  favour  rest  secure 
and  satisfied,  and  you  likewise  remain  content  and  apaid. 
And  I  do  believe,  moreover,  that  we  are  already  so  in- 
clined to  your  side,  that  although  her  picture  showed  her 
to  be  blind  of  the  one  eye,  and  at  the  other  that  she  ran 
fire  and  brimstone,  yet  would  we,  notwithstanding,  to 
please  you,  say  in  her  favour  all  that  you  listed.'  '  There 
drops  not,  base  scoundrels,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  all  in- 
flamed with  choler, — '  there  drops  not,  I  say,  from  her 
that  which  thou  sayst,  but  amber  and  civet  among 
bombase ;  and  she  is  not  blind  of  an  eye,  or  crook- 
backed,  but  is  straighter  than  a  spindle  of  Guadarama. 
But  all  of  you  together  shall  pay  for  the  great  blasphemy 
thou  hast  spoken  against  so  immense  a  beauty  as  is  that  of 
my  mistress.'  And,  saying  so,  he  abased  his  lance  against 
him  that  had  answered,  with  such  fury  and  anger,  as,  if 
good  fortune  had  not  so  ordained  it  that  Rozinante  should 
stumble  and  fall  in  the  midst  of  the  career,  it  had  gone 
very  ill  with  the  bold  merchant.  Rozinante  fell,  in  fine, 
and  his  master  reeled  over  a  good  piece  of  the  field  ;  and 
though  he  attempted  to  rise,  yet  was  he  never  able,  he  was 
so  encumbered  by  his  lance,  target,  spurs,  helmet,  and  his 
weighty  old  armour.  And  in  the  meanwhile  that  he  strove 
to  arise,  and  could  not,  he  cried  :  '  Fly  not,  cowardly 
folk  !  abide,  base  people,  abide  !  for  I  lie  not  here  through 
mine  own  fault,  but  through  the  defect  of  my  horse.' 

One  of  the  lackeys  that  came  in  the  company,  and 
seemed  to  be  a  man  of  none  of  the  best  intentions,  hear- 
ing the  poor  overthrown  knight  speak  such  insolent  words, 
could  not  forbear  them  without  returning  him  an  answer 
on  his  ribs  ;  and  with  that  intention  approaching  to  him, 


28  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

he  took  his  lance,  and,  after  he  had  broken  it  in  pieces,  he 
gave  Don  Quixote  so  many  blows  with  one  of  them,  that, 
in  despite  of  his  armour,  he  threshed  him  like  a  sheaf  of 
wheat.  His  masters  cried  to  him,  commanding  him  not 
to  beat  him  so  much,  but  that  he  should  leave  him  ;  but 
all  would  not  serve,  for  the  youth  was  angry,  and  would 
not  leave  off  the  play,  until  he  had  avoided  the  rest  of  his 
choler.  And  therefore,  running  for  the  other  pieces  of 
the  broken  lance,  he  broke  them  all  on  the  miserable  fallen 
knight  ;  who,  for  all  the  tempest  of  blows  that  rained  on 
him,  did  never  shut  his  mouth,  but  threatened  heaven  and 
earth,  and  those^  murderers ;  for  such  they  seemed  to  him. 
The  lackey  tired  himself  at  last,  and  the  merchants  fol- 
lowed on  their  way,  carrying  with  them  occasion  enough 
of  talk  of  the  poor  belaboured  knight ;  who,  when  he  saw 
himself  alone,  turned  again  to  make  trial  whether  he  might 
arise  ;  but  if  he  could  not  do  it  when  he  was  whole  and 
sound,  how  was  it  possible  he  being  so  bruised  and  almost 
destroyed  ?  And  yet  he  accounted  himself  very  happy, 
persuading  himself  that  his  disgrace  was  proper  and  inci- 
dent to  knights-errant,  and  did  attribute  all  to  the  fault 
of  his  horse,  and  could  in  no  wise  get  up,  all  his  body  was 
so  ^  bruised  and  laden  with  blows. 


CHAPTER  V 

Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  former  Narration  of  our  Knighfs 

Misfortunes 

But  seeing,  in  effect,  that  he  could  not  stir  himself,  he 
resolved  to  have  recourse  to  his  ordinary  remedy,  which 
was  to  think  on  some  passage  of  his  histories  ;  and  in 
the  instant  his  folly  presented  to  his  memory  that  of 
Valdovinos  and  the  Marquis  of  Mantua,  then  when 
Carloto  had  left  him  wounded  on  the  mountain  :  a  history 

1  Malandrines,  ^  Bramado, 


Chap.  V  RETURN  TO  LA  MANCHA  29 

known  by  children,  not  hidden  to  young  men,  much 
celebrated,  yea,  and  believed  by  many  old  men  ;  and  is 
yet  for  all  that  no  more  authentical  than  are  Mahomet's 
miracles.  This  history,  as  it  seemed  to  him,  was  most  fit 
for  the  trance  wherein  he  was  ;  and  therefore  he  began, 
with  signs  of  great  pain,  to  tumble  up  and  down,  and 
pronounce,  with  a  languishing  breath,  the  same  that  they 
feign  the  wounded  knight  to  have  said  in  the  wood  : 

*  Where  art  thou,  lady  dear  !   that  griev'st  not  at  my  smart  ? 
Or  thou  dost  it  not  know,  or  thou  disloyal  art.' 

And  after  this  manner  he  did  prosecute  the  old  song,  until 
these  verses  that  say :  '  O  noble  Marquis  of  Mantua,  my 
carnal  lord  and  uncle  !  '  And  it  befel  by  chance,  that  at 
the  very  same  time  there  passed  by  the  place  where  he  lay 
a  man  of  his  own  village,  who  was  his  neighbour,  and 
returned  after  having  carried  a  load  of  wheat  to  the  mill ; 
who  beholding  a  man  stretched  on  the  ground,  he  came 
over  to  him,  and  demanded  what  he  was,  and  what  was 
it  that  caused  him  to  complain  so  dolefully.  Don  Quixote 
did  verily  believe  that  it  was  his  uncle,  the  Marquis  of 
Mantua,  and  so  gave  him  no  other  answer,  but  only 
followed  on  in  the  repetition  of  his  old  romance,  wherein 
he  gave  him  account  of  his  misfortune,  and  of  the  love  the 
emperor's  son  bore  to  his  spouse,  all  in  the  very  same 
manner  that  the  ballad  recounts  it.  The  labourer  remained 
much  astonished,  hearing  those  follies.  And,  taking  off 
his  visor,  which  with  the  lackey's  blows  was  broken  all  to 
pieces,  he  wiped  his  face  that  was  full  of  dust,  and  scarce 
had  he  done  it  when  he  knew  him  ;  to  whom  he  said  : 
'  Master  Quixada '  (for  so  he  was  probably  called  when  he 
had  his  wits,  before  he  left  the  state  of  a  staid  yeoman  to 
become  a  wandering  knight),  '  who  hath  used  you  after  this 
manner  ? '  But  he  continued  his  romance,  answering  out 
of  it  to  every  question  that  was  put  to  him  ;  which  the 
good  man  perceiving,  disarmed  him  the  best  he  could,  to 
see  whether  he  had  any  wound ;  but  he  could  see  no  blood, 
or  any  token  on  him  of  hurt.  Afterward  he  endeavoured 
to  raise  him  from  the  ground,  which  he  did  at  the  last 


30  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

with  much  ado,  and  mounted  him  on  his  ass,  as  a  beast  of 
easiest  carriage.  He  gathered  then  together  all  his  arms, 
and  left  not  behind  so  much  as  the  splinters  of  the  lance, 
and  tied  them  altogether  upon  Rozinante,  whom  he  took 
by  the  bridle,  and  the  ass  by  his  halter,  and  led  them  both 
in  that  equipage  fair  and  easily  towards  his  village,  being 
very  pensative  to  hear  the  follies  that  Don  Quixote  spoke. 
And  Don  Quixote  was  no  less  melancholy,  who  was  so 
beaten  and  bruised  as  he  could  very  hardly  hold  himself 
upon  the  ass  ;  and  ever  and  anon  he  breathed  forth  such 
grievous  sighs,  as  he  seemed  to  fix  them  in  heaven ;  which 
moved  his  neighbour  to  entreat  him  again  to  declare  unto 
him  the  cause  of  his  grief.  And  it  seems  none  other  but 
that  the  very  devil  himself  did  call  to  his  memory  histories 
accommodated  to  his  successes  ;  for  in  that  instant,  wholly 
forgetting  Valdovinos,  he  remembered  the  Moor  Abin- 
darraez  then,  when  the  constable  of  Antequera,  Roderick 
Narvaez,  had  taken  him,  and  carried  him  prisoner  to  his 
castle.  So  that,  when  his  neighbour  turned  again  to  ask 
of  him  how  he  did,  and  what  ailed  him,  he  answered  the 
very  same  words  and  speech  that  captive  Abindarraez  said 
to  Narvaez,  just  as  he  had  read  them  in  Diana  of  Monte- 
mayor,  where  the  history  is  written  ;  applying  it  so 
properly  to  his  purpose,  that  the  labourer  grew  almost 
mad  for  anger  to  hear  that  machina  of  follies,  by  which  he 
collected  that  his  neighbour  was  distracted  ;  and  therefore 
he  hied  as  fast  as  possible  he  could  to  the  village,  that 
so  he  might  free  himself  from  the  vexation  that  Don 
Quixote's  idle  and  prolix  discourse  gave  unto  him.  At 
the  end  whereof  the  knight  said  :  '  Don  Roderick  of 
Narvaez,  you  shall  understand  that  this  beautiful  Xarifa, 
of  whom  I  spoke,  is  now  the  fair  Dulcinea  of  Toboso ;  for 
whom  I  have  done,  I  do*  and  will  do,  such  famous  acts  of 
knighthood  as  ever  have  been,  are,  and  shall  be  seen  in  all 
the  world.'  To  this  his  neighbour  answered  :  '  Do  not 
you  perceive,  sir,  (sinner  that  I  am  !)  how  I  am  neither  Don 
Roderick  de  Narvaez  nor  the  Marquis  of  Mantua,  but 
Peter  Alonso,  your  neighbour  }  nor  are  you  Valdovinos 
nor    Abindarraez,    but    the    honest    gentleman.    Master 


Chap.  V  RETURN  TO  LA  MANCHA  31 

Quixada/  '  I  know  very  well  who  I  am/  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  and  also  I  know  that  I  may  not  only  be  those 
whom  I  have  named,  but  also  all  the  twelve  Peers  of 
France,  yea,  and  the  nine  Worthies  ;  since  mine  acts  shall 
surpass  all  those  that  ever  they  did  together,  or  every  one 
of  them  apart.' 

With  these  and  such  other  discourses,  they  arrived  at 
last  at  their  village  about  sunset  ;  but  the  labourer  awaited 
until  it  waxed  somewhat   dark,  because  folk  should  not 
view  the  knight  so  simply  mounted.     And  when  he  saw 
his   time  he  entered   into   the   town,   and   went   to  Don 
Quixote's  house,  which  he  found  full  of  confusion.    There 
was  the  curate  and  the  barber  of  the  village,  both  of  them 
Don  Quixote's  great  friends ;  to  whom  the  old  woman  of 
the  house   said,  in  a  lamentable  manner  :  '  What  do  you 
think.  Master  Licentiate  Pero  Perez'   (for  so  the  curate 
was  called)  '  of  my  master's  misfortune  ?     These  six  days 
neither  he  nor  his  horse  have  appeared,  nor  the  target, 
lance,  or  armour.     Unfortunate  woman  that  I  am  !     I  do 
suspect,  and  I  am  as  sure  it  is  true  as  that  I  shall  die,  how 
those  accursed  books  of  knighthood  which  he  hath,  and 
is  wont  to  read  ordinarily,  have  turned  his  judgment;  for 
now  I  remember  that  I  have  heard  him  say  oftentimes, 
speaking  to  himself,  that  he  would  become  a  knight-errant, 
and  go  seek  adventures  throughout  the  world.     Let  such 
books  be  recommended  to  Satan  and  Barabbas,  which  have 
destroyed  in  this  sort  the  most  delicate  understanding  of 
all  the  Mancha.'     His  niece  affirmed  the  same,  and  did 
add :    '  Moreover,   you    shall    understand,    good   Master 
Nicholas '   (for  so  hight  the  barber),  '  that  it  many  times 
befel  my  uncle  to  continue  the  lecture  of  those  unhappy 
books  of  disventures  two  days  and  two  nights  together ; 
at  the  end  of  which,  throwing  the  book  away  from  him, 
he  would  lay  hand  on  his  sword,  and  would  fall  a-slashing 
of  the  walls;  and  when  he  were  wearied,  he  would  say 
that  he  had  slain  four  giants  as  great  as  four  towers,  and 
the  sweat  that  dropped  down,  through  the  labour  he  took, 
he  would  say  was  blood  that  gushed  out  of  those  wounds 
which  he  had  received  in  the  conflict,  and  then  would  he 


32  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

quafF  off  a  great  pot  full  of  cold  water,  and  straight  he 
did  become  whole  and  quiet ;  saying  that  water  was  a 
most  precious  drink,  which  the  wise  man  Esquife,  a  great 
enchanter  or  sorcerer,  and  his  friend,  had  brought  unto  him. 
But  I  am  in  the  fault  of  all  this,  who  never  advertised  you 
both  of  mine  uncle's  raving,  to  the  end  you  might  have 
redressed  it  ere  it  came  to  these  terms,  and  burnt  all  those 
excommunicated  books ;  for  he  had  many  that  deserved 
the  fire  as  much  as  if  they  were  heretical.'  '  That  do  I 
likewise  affirm,'  quoth  Master  Curate ;  '  and,  in  sooth, 
to-morrow  shall  not  pass  over  us  without  making  a  public 
process  against  them,  and  condemn  them  to  be  burnt  in 
the  fire,  that  they  may  not  minister  occasion  again  to  such 
as  may  read  them,  to  do  that  which  I  fear  my  good  friend 
hath  done.' 

The  labourer  and  Don  Quixote  stood  hearing  all  that 
which  was  said,  and  then  he  perfectly  understood  the  disease 
of  his  neighbour,  and  therefore  he  began  to  cry  aloud : 
'  Open  the  doors  to  Lord  Valdovinos  and  to  the  Lord 
Marquis  of  Mantua,  who  comes  very  sore  wounded  and 
hurt,  and  to  the  Lord  Moor,  Abindarraez,  whom  the 
valorous  Roderick  of  Narvaez,  Constable  of  Antequera, 
brings  as  his  prisoner !  '  All  the  household  ran  out, 
hearing  these  cries ;  and,  some  knowing  their  friend,  the 
others  their  master  and  uncle,  who  had  not  yet  alighted 
from  the  ass,  because  he  was  not  able,  they  ran  to  embrace 
him ;  but  he  forbade  them,  saying,  '  Stand  still  and  touch 
me  not,  for  I  return  very  sore  wounded  and  hurt,  through 
default  of  my  horse :  carry  me  to  my  bed,  and,  if  it  be 
possible,  send  for  the  wise  Urganda,  that  she  may  cure  and 
look  to  my  hurt.'  'See,  in  an  ill  hour,'  quoth  the  old 
woman  straightway,  '  if  my  heart  did  not  very  well  foretell 
me  on  which  foot  my  master  halted.  Come  up  in  good 
time,  for  we  shall  know  how  to  cure  you  well  enough 
without  sending  for  that  Urganda  you  have  mentioned. 
Accursed,  say  I  once  again,  and  a  hundred  times  accursed, 
may  those  books  of  knighthood  be,  which  have  brought 
you  to  such  estate ! '  With  that  they  bore  him  up  to  his 
bed,  and  searching  for  his  wounds,  could  not  find  any  ;  and 


Chap.  V        THE  BURNING  OF  THE  BOOKS  33 

then  he  said  all  was  but  bruising,  by  reason  of  a  great  fall 
he  had  with  his  horse  Rozinante,  as  he  fought  with  ten 
giants,  the  most  unmeasurable  and  boldest  that  might  be 
found  in  a  great  part  of  the  earth.  '  Hearken,'  quoth 
the  curate,  '  we  have  also  giants  in  the  dance ;  by  mine 
honesty,  I  will  burn  them  all  before  to-morrow  at  night.' 
Then  did  they  ask  a  thousand  questions  of  Don  Quixote ; 
but  he  would  answer  to  none  of  them,  and  only  requested 
them  to  give  him  some  meat,  and  suffer  him  to  sleep, 
seeing  rest  was  most  behooveful  for  him.  All  which  was 
done ;  and  the  curate  informed  himself  at  large  of  the 
labouring  man,  in  what  sort  he  had  found  Don  Quixote, 
which  he  recounted  to  him,  and  also  the  follies  he  said, 
both  at  his  finding  and  bringing  to  town ;  which  did 
kindle  more  earnestly  the  licentiate's  desire  to  do  what  he 
had  resolved  the  next  day ;  which  was  to  call  his  friend 
the  barber.  Master  Nicholas,  with  whom  he  came  to  Don 
Quixote's  house. 


CHAPTER  VI 

Of  the  Pleasant  and  Curious  Search  made  by  the  Curate  and 
the  Barber  of  Don  ^ixote's  Library 

Who  slept  yet  soundly.  The  curate  sought  for  the  keys 
of  the  library,  the  only  authors  of  his  harm,  which  the 
gentleman's  niece  gave  unto  him  very  willingly.  All  of 
them  entered  into  it,  and  among  the  rest  the  old  woman ; 
wherein  they  found  more  than  a  hundred  great  volumes, 
and  those  very  well  bound,  besides  the  small  ones.  And 
as  soon  as  the  old  woman  had  seen  them,  she  departed 
very  hastily  out  of  the  chamber,  and  eftsoons  returned 
with  as  great  speed,  with  a  holy-water  pot  and  a  sprinkler 
in  her  hand,  and  said :  *  Hold,  master  licentiate,  and 
sprinkle  this  chamber  all  about,  lest  there  should  lurk  in 
it  some  one  enchanter  of  the  many  which  these  books 
contain,   and   cry  quittance  with  us  for  the  penalties  we 

I.  c 


34  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

mean  to  inflict  on  these  books,  by  banishing  them  out  of 
this  world/  The  simplicity  of  the  good  old  woman 
caused  the  licentiate  to  laugh  :  who  commanded  the  barber 
to  fetch  him  down  the  books  from  their  shelves,  one  by 
one,  that  he  might  peruse  their  arguments ;  for  it  might 
happen  some  to  be  found  which  in  no  sort  deserved  to  be 
chastised  with  fire.  '  No,'  replied  the  niece,  '  no ;  you 
ought  not  to  pardon  any  of  them,  seeing  they  have  all 
been  offenders :  it  is  better  you  throw  them  all  into  the 
base-court,  and  there  make  a  pile  of  them,  and  then  set 
them  a-fire ;  if  not,  they  may  be  carried  into  the  yard, 
and  there  make  a  bonfire  of  them,  and  the  smoke  will 
offend  nobody.'  The  old  woman  said  as  much,  both  of 
them  thirsted  so  much  for  the  death  of  these  innocents; 
but  the  curate  would  not  condescend  thereto  until  he  had 
first  read  the  titles,  at  the  least,  of  every  book. 

The  first  that  Master  Nicholas  put  into  his  hands  was 
that  oi  Amadis  of  Gaul  \  which  the  curate  perusing  a  while: 
'  This  comes  not  to  me  first  of  all  others  without  some 
mystery ;  for,  as  I  have  heard  told,  this  is  the  first  book  of 
knighthood  that  ever  was  printed  in  Spain,  and  all  the 
others  have  had  their  beginning  and  original  from  this ; 
and  therefore  methinks  that  we  must  condemn  him  to  the 
fire,  without  all  remission,  as  the  dogmatiser  and  head  of 
so  bad  a  sect.'  '  Not  so,  iv^  \ '  quoth  the  barber ;  '  for  I 
have  heard  that  it  is  the  very  best  contrived  book  of  all 
those  of  that  kind ;  and  therefore  he  is  to  be  pardoned,  as 
the  only  complete  one  of  his  profession.'  '  That  is  true,' 
replied  the  curate,  '  and  for  that  reason  we  do  give  him  his 
life  for  this  time.  Let  us  see  that  other  which  lies  next 
unto  him.'  *  It  is,'  quoth  the  barber,  *  'The  Adventures  of 
Splandian^  Amadis  of  Gaul's  lawfully  begotten  son.'  *  Yet, 
on  mine  honesty,'  replied  the  curate,  '  his  father's  goodness 
shall  nothing  avail  him.  Take  this  book,  old  mistress,  and 
open  the  window,  throw  it  down  into  the  yard,  and  let  it 
lay  the  foundation  of  our  heap  for  the  fire  we  mean  to 
make.'  She  did  what  was  commanded  with  great  alacrity, 
and  so  the  good  Splandian  fled  into  the  yard,  to  expect 

1  Las  Sergas,  page  73. 


Chap.  VI       THE  BURNING  OF  THE  BOOKS  35 

with  all  patience  the  fire  which  he  was  threatened  to  abide. 
*  Forward/  quoth  the  curate.  '  This  that  comes  now,' 
said  the  barber,  '  is  Amadis  of  Greece ;  and,  as  I  conjecture, 
all  those  that  lie  on  this  side  are  of  the  same  lineage  of 
Amadis.'  '  Then  let  them  go  all  to  the  yard,'  quoth  the 
curate,  '  in  exchange  of  burning  dueen  Pintiquinestra^  and 
the  shepherd  Darinel  with  his  eclogues,  and  the  subtle  and 
intricate  discourses  of  the  author,  which  are  able  to  entangle 
the  father  that  engendered  me,  if  he  went  in  form  of  a 
knight-errant.'  *  I  am  of  the  same  opinion,'  quoth  the 
barber.  *  And  I  also,'  said  the  niece.  '  Then,  since  it  is 
so,'  quoth  the  old  wife,  '  let  them  come,  and  to  the  yard 
with  them  all.'  They  were  rendered  all  up  unto  her, 
which  were  many  in  number :  wherefore,  to  save  a  labour 
of  going  up  and  down  the  stairs,  she  threw  them  out  at  the 
window. 

'  What  bundle  is  that  ^ '  quoth  the  curate.  '  This  is,' 
answered  Master  Nicholas,  *  Don  Olivante  of  Laura. '  '  The 
author  of  that  book,'  quoth  the  curate,  'composed  likewise 
T'he  Garden  of  Flowers^  and,  in  good  sooth,  I  can  scarce 
resolve  which  of  the  two  works  is  truest,  or,  to  speak 
better,  is  less  lying ;  only  this  much  I  can  determine,  that 
this  must  go  to  the  yard,  being  a  book  foolish  and  arro- 
gant.' '  This  that  follows  is  Florismarte  of  Hircania,'  quoth 
the  barber.  '  Is  Lord  Florismarte  there  ^ '  then  replied 
the  curate ;  '  then,  by  mine  honesty,  he  shall  briefly  make 
his  arrest  in  the  yard,  in  despite  of  his  wonderful  birth  and 
famous  adventures ;  for  the  drouth  and  harshness  of  his 
style  deserves  no  greater  favour.  To  the  yard  with  him, 
and  this  other,  good  masters.'  '  With  a  very  good  will,' 
quoth  old  Mumpsimus ;  and  straightway  did  execute  his 
commandment  with  no  small  gladness.  *  This  is  Sir  Flatyr^ 
quoth  the  barber.  '  It  is  an  ancient  book,'  replied  the 
curate,  '  wherein  I  find  nothing  meriting  pardon ;  let  him, 
without  any  reply,  keep  company  with  the  rest.'  Forth- 
with it  was  done.  Then  was  another  book  opened,  and 
they  saw  the  title  thereof  to  be  The  Knight  of  the  Cross. 
'  For  the  holy  title  which  this  book  beareth,'  quoth  the 
curate,  '  his  ignorance  might  be  pardoned ;  but  it  is  a  com- 


36  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

mon  saying,  "The  devil  lurks  behind  the  cross"  ;  where- 
fore let  it  go  the  fire/  The  barber,  taking  another  book, 
said,  'This  is  T^he  Mirror  of  Knighthood.'  'I  know  his 
worship  well,'  quoth  the  curate.  '  There  goes  among  those 
books,  I  see,  the  Lord  Raynold  of  Montalhan^  with  his 
friends  and  companions,  all  of  them  greater  thieves  than 
Cacus^,  and  the  twelve  peers  of  France,  with  the  historio- 
grapher Turpin.  I  am,  in  truth,  about  to  condemn  them 
only  to  exile,  forasmuch  as  they  contain  some  part  of  the 
famous  poet,  Matthew  Boyardo,  his  invention :  out  of 
which  the  Christian  poet,  Lodovic  Ariosto,  did  likewise 
weave  his  work,  which,  if  I  can  find  among  these,  and  that 
he  speaks  not  his  own  native  tongue,  I'll  use  him  with  no 
respect ;  but  if  he  talk  in  his  own  language,  I  will  put  him, 
for  honour's  sake,  on  my  head.'  '  If  that  be  so,'  quoth 
the  barber,  '  I  have  him  at  home  in  the  Italian,  but  cannot 
understand  him.'  '  Neither  were  it  good  you  should 
understand  him,'  replied  the  curate ;  '  and  here  we  would 
willingly  have  excused  the  good  captain  that  translated  it 
into  Spanish,  from  that  labour,  or  bringing  it  into  Spain,  if 
it  had  pleased  himself;  for  he  hath  deprived  it  of  much 
natural  worth  in  the  translation  :  a  fault  incident  to  all 
those  that  presume  to  translate  verses  out  of  one  language 
into  another ;  for,  though  they  employ  all  their  industry 
and  wit  therein,  they  can  never  arrive  to  the  height  of  that 
primitive  conceit  which  they  bring  with  them  in  their  first 
birth.  I  say,  therefore,  that  this  book,  and  all  the  others 
that  may  be  found  in  this  library  to  treat  of  French  affairs, 
be  cast  and  deposited  in  some  dry  vault,  until  we  may  de- 
termine, with  more  deliberation,  what  we  should  do  with 
them ;  always  excepting  Bernardo  del  Carpio,  which  must 
be  there  amongst  the  rest,  and  another  called  Roncesvalles ; 
for  these  two,  coming  to  my  hands,  shall  be  rendered  up 
to  those  of  the  old  guardian,  and  from  hers  into  the  fire's, 
without  any  remission.'  All  which  was  confirmed  by 
the  barber,  who  did  ratify  his  sentence,  holding  it  for 
good  and  discreet,  because  he  knew  the  curate  to  be  so 

1  A  thief  that  used  to  steal  cattle,  and  pull  them  backward  by  the  tails, 
that  none  might  trace  them. 


Chap.  VI       THE  BURNING  OF  THE  BOOKS  37 

virtuous  a  man,  and  so  great  a  friend  of  the  truth,  as  he 
would  say  nothing  contrary  to  it  for  all  the  goods  of  the 
world. 

And  then,  opening  another  book,  he  saw  it  was  Palmerin 
de  Oliva,  near  unto  which  stood  another,  entitled  Palmerin 
of  England ;  which  the  licentiate  perceiving,  said,  '  Let 
Oliva  be  presently  rent  in  pieces,  and  burned  in  such  sort 
that  even  the  very  ashes  thereof  may  not  be  found ;  and 
let  Palmerin  of  England  be  preserved,  as  a  thing  rarely  de- 
lectable ;  and  let  such  another  box  as  that  which  Alexander 
found  among  Darius'  spoils,  and  deputed  to  keep  Homer's 
works,  be  made  for  it ;  for,  gossip,  this  book  hath  sufficient 
authority  for  two  reasons :  the  first,  because  of  itself  it  is 
very  good,  and  excellently  contrived  ;  the  other,  forasmuch 
as  the  report  runs,  that  a  certain  discreet  king  of  Portugal 
was  the  author  thereof.  All  the  adventures  of  the 
Castle  of  Miraguarda  are  excellent  and  artificial ;  the  dis- 
courses very  clear  and  courtly,  observing  evermore  a 
decorum  in  him  that  speaks,  with  great  propriety  and 
conceit ;  therefore  I  say.  Master  Nicholas,  if  you  think 
good,  this  and  Amadis  de  Gaul  may  be  preserved  from 
the  fire ;  and  let  all  the  rest,  without  further  search  or 
regard,  perish.'  '  In  the  devil's  name,  do  not  so,  gentle 
gossip,'  replied  the  barber  ;  '  for  this  which  I  hold  now  in 
my  hand  is  the  famous Z)^;^  Belianis.'  'What!  he.^^'  quoth 
the  curate ;  '  the  second,  third,  and  fourth  part  thereof 
have  great  need  of  some  rhubarb  to  purge  his  excessive 
choler,  and  we  must,  moreover,  take  out  of  him  all  that  of 
the  Castle  of  Fame,  and  other  impertinences  of  more  con- 
sequence. Therefore,  we  give  them  a  terminus  ultramarinus^ 
and  as  they  shall  be  corrected,  so  will  we  use  mercy  or 
justice  towards  them  ;  and  in  the  mean  space,  gossip,  you 
may  keep  them  at  your  house,  but  permit  no  man  to  read 
them.'  '  I  am  pleased,'  quoth  the  barber ;  and,  being 
unwilling  to  tire  himself  any  more  by  reading  of  titles,  he 
bade  the  old  woman  to  take  all  the  great  volumes  and 
throw  them  into  the  yard.  The  words  were  not  spoken 
to  a  mome  or  deaf  person,  but  to  one  that  had  more  desire 
to  burn  them  than  to  weave  a  piece  of  linen,  were  it  never 


38  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

so  great  and  fine  ;  and  therefore,  taking  eight  of  them 
together,  she  threw  them  all  out  of  the  window,  and  return- 
ing the  second  time,  thinking  to  carry  away  a  great  many 
at  once,  one  of  them  fell  at  the  barber's  feet,  who,  desirous 
to  know  the  title,  saw  that  it  was  T^he  History  of  the  famous 
Knight  '^irante  the  White.  *  Good  God! '  quoth  the  curate, 
with  a  loud  voice,  '  is  Tirante  the  White  here  ?  Give  me  it, 
gossip  ;  for  I  make  account  to  find  in  it  a  treasure  of 
delight,  and  a  copious  mine  of  pastime.  Here  is  Don 
Quireleison  of  Montalban,  a  valiant  knight  ;  and  his 
brother  Thomas  of  Montalban,  and  the  Knight  Fonseca, 
and  the  combat  which  the  valiant  Detriante  fought  with 
Alano,  and  the  witty  conceits  of  the  damsel  Plazerdemi- 
vida,  with  the  love  and  guiles  of  the  widow  Reposada,  and 
of  the  empress  enamoured  on  her  squire  Ipolito.  I  say 
unto  you,  gossip,  that  this  book  is,  for  the  style,  one  of  the 
best  of  the  world  :  in  it  knights  do  eat,  and  drink,  and 
sleep,  and  die  in  their  beds  naturally,  and  make  their 
testaments  before  their  death  ;  with  many  other  things 
which  all  other  books  of  this  subject  do  want  ;  yet,  not- 
withstanding, if  I  might  be  judge,  the  author  thereof 
deserved,  because  he  purposely  penned  and  wrote  so  many 
follies,  to  be  sent  to  the  galleys  for  all  the  days  of  his  life. 
Carry  it  home  and  read  it,  and  you  shall  see  all  that  I  have 
said  thereof  to  be  true.'  *  I  believe  it  very  well,'  quoth 
the  barber ;  '  but  what  shall  we  do  with  these  little  books 
that  remain  .f^'  'These,  as  I  take,'  said  the  curate,  are  not 
books  of  knighthood,  but  of  poetry.'  And,  opening  one, 
he  perceived  it  was  the  Diana  of  Montemayor  ;  and, 
believing  that  all  the  rest  were  of  that  stamp,  he  said : 
'  These  deserve  not  to  be  burned  with  the  rest,  for  they 
have  not,  nor  can  do,  so  much  hurt  as  books  of  knight- 
hood, being  all  of  them  works  full  of  understanding  and 
conceits,  and  do  not  prejudice  any  other.'  'Oh,  good  sir,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote  his  niece,  '  your  reverence  shall  like- 
wise do  well  to  have  them  also  burnt,  lest  that  mine  uncle, 
after  he  be  cured  of  his  knightly  disease,  may  fall,  by  read- 
ing of  these,  in  a  humour  of  becoming  a  shepherd,  and  so 
wander  through  the  woods  and  fields,  singing  of  rounde- 


Chap.  VI       THE  BURNING  OF  THE  BOOKS  39 

lays,  and  playing  on  a  crowd  ;  and  what  is  more  dangerous 
than  to  become  a  poet  ?  which  is,  as  some  say,  an  incurable 
and  infectious  disease/     '  This  maiden  says  true,'  quoth 
the    curate  ;    'and  it  will  not  be  amiss  to    remove   this 
stumbling-block  and  occasion  out  of  our  friend's  way  ; 
and  since  we  begin  with  the  Diana  of  Montemayor,  I  am  of 
opinion  that  it  be  not  burned,  but  only  that  all  that  which 
treats  of  the  wise  Felicia,  and  of  the  enchanted  water,  be 
taken  away,  and  also  all  the  longer  verses,  and  let  him 
remain  with  his  prose,  and  the  honour  of  being  the  best  of 
that  kind.'     '  This  that  follows,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  is  the 
Diana^  called  the  second,  written  by  him  of  Salamanca  ; 
and  this  other  is  of  the  same  name,  whose  author  is  Gil 
Polo.'     '  Let  that  of  Salamanca,'  answered  master  parson, 
'  augment  the  number  of  the  condemned  in  the  yard,  and 
that  of  Gil  Polo  be  kept  as  charily  as  if  it  were  Apollo  his 
own  work ;  and  go  forward  speedily,  good  gossip,  for  it 
grows  late.'     '  This  book,'  quoth  the  barber,  opening  of 
another,   '  is   'The  Twelve  Books  of  the  Fortunes   of  Love, 
written  by  Anthony  Lofraso,  the  Sardinian  poet.'     'By  the 
holy  orders  which  I  have  received,'  quoth  the  curate,  'since 
Apollo  was  Apollo,  and  the  muses  muses,  and  poets  poets, 
was  never  written  so  delightful  and  extravagant  a  work  as 
this ;  and  that,  in  his  way  and  vein,  it  is  the  only  one  of  all 
the  books  that  have  ever  issued  of  that  kind  to  view  the 
light  of  the  world,  and  he  that  hath  not  read  it  may  make 
account  that  he  hath  never  read  matter  of  delight.      Give 
it  to  me,  gossip,  for  I  do  prize  more  the  finding  of  it  than 
I  would  the  gift  of  a  cassock  of  the  best  satin  of  Florence.' 
And  so,  with  great  joy,  he  laid  it  aside.     And  the  barber 
prosecuted,  saying,  '  These  that  follow  be  The  Shepherd  of 
Iberia,  The  Nymphs  of  Enares,  and  The  Reclaiming  of  the 
Jealousies'     'Then   there's  no   more  to  be  done  but  to 
deliver  them  up  to  the  secular  arm  of  the  old  wife,  and  do 
not  demand  the  reason,  for  that  were  never  to  make  an 
end.'     '  This  that  comes  is  The  Shepherd  of  Filida'     'That 
is  not  a  shepherd,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  but  a  very  complete 
courtier;  let  it  be   reserved  as  a  precious  jewel.'     'This 
great  one  that  follows  is,'  said  the  barber,  'entitled  The 


40  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

'Treasure  of  Divers  Poems'  'If  they  had  not  been  so 
many,'  replied  the  curate,  'they  would  have  been  more 
esteemed.  It  is  necessary  that  this  book  be  carded  and 
purged  of  certain  base  things  that  lurk  among  his  high 
conceits.  Let  him  be  kept,  both  because  the  author  is  my 
very  great  friend,  and  in  regard  of  other  more  heroical 
and  lofty  works  he  hath  written.'  '  This  is,'  said  the 
barber,  *  the  Ditty  Book  of  Lopez  Maldonado.'  'The 
author  of  that  work  is  likewise  my  great  friend,'  replied 
the  parson  ;  '  and  his  lines,  pronounced  by  himself,  do 
ravish  the  hearers,  and  such  is  the  sweetness  of  his  voice 
when  he  sings  them,  as  it  doth  enchant  the  ear.  He  is 
somewhat  prolix  in  his  eclogues,  but  that  which  is  good  is 
never  superfluous  ;  let  him  be  kept  among  the  choicest. 
But  what  book  is  that  which  lies  next  unto  him  } '  '  The 
Galatea  of  Michael  Cervantes,'  quoth  the  barber.  '  That 
Cervantes,'  said  the  curate,  '  is  my  old  acquaintance  this 
many  a  year,  and  I  know  he  is  more  practised  in  mis- 
fortunes than  in  verses.  His  book  hath  some  good 
invention  in  it  ;  he  intends  and  propounds  somewhat,  but 
concludes  nothing  ;  therefore  we  must  expect  the  second 
part,  which  he  hath  promised  ;  perhaps  his  amendment 
may  obtain  him  a  general  remission,  which  until  now  is 
denied  him ;  and  whilst  we  expect  the  sight  of  his  second 
work,  keep  this  part  closely  imprisoned  in  your  lodging.' 
'  I  am  very  weU  content  to  do  so,  good  gossip,'  said  the 
barber  ;  '  and  here  there  come  three  together :  the 
Auracana  of  Don  Alonso  de  Ercilla,  the  Austriada  of  John 
RufFo,  one  of  the  magistrates  of  Cordova,  and  the  Mon- 
serrato  of  Christopher  de  Virnes,  a  Valencian  poet.'  'All 
these  three  books,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  are  the  best  that  are 
written  in  heroical  verse  in  the  Castilian  tongue,  and  may 
compare  with  the  most  famous  of  Italy ;  reserve  them  as 
the  richest  pawns  that  Spain  enjoyeth  of  poetry.'  The 
curate  with  this  grew  weary  to  see  so  many  books,  and  so 
he  would  have  all  the  rest  burned  at  all  adventures.  But 
the  barber,  ere  the  sentence  was  given,  had  opened,  by 
chance,  one  entitled  The  Tears  of  Angelica.  '  I  would  have 
shed   those    tears    myself,'    said    the    curate,    '  if    I    had 


Chap.  VII         THE  SECOND  DEPARTURE  41 

wittingly  caused  such  a  book  to  be  burned ;  for  the 
author  thereof  was  one  of  the  most  famous  poets  of  the 
world,  not  only  of  Spain,  and  was  most  happy  in  the 
translation  of  certain  fables  of  Ovid/ 


CHAPTER  VII 

Of  the  Second  Departure  which  our  Good  Knight,  Don  duixote, 
made  from  his  House,  to  seek  Adventures 

While  they  were  thus  busied,  Don  Quixote  began  to  cry 
aloud,  saying,  '  Here,  here,  valorous  knights !  Here  it 
is  needful  that  you  show  the  force  of  your  valiant  arms  ; 
for  the  courtiers  begin  to  bear  away  the  best  of  the 
tourney.'  The  folk  repairing  to  this  rumour  and  noise, 
was  an  occasion  that  any  further  speech  and  visitation 
of  the  books  was  omitted ;  and  therefore  it  is  to  be  sus- 
pected, that  the  Carolea  and  Lion  of  Spain,  with  the  Acts 
of  the  Emperor  Charles  the  Fifth,  written  by  Don  Louis 
de  Avila,  were  burned,  without  being  ever  seen  or  heard  ; 
and  perhaps  if  the  curate  had  seen  them,  they  should  not 
have  passed  under  so  rigorous  a  sentence.  When  they 
all  arrived  to  Don  Quixote  his  chamber,  he  was  risen 
already  out  of  his  bed,  and  continued  still  his  outcries, 
cutting  and  slashing  on  every  side,  being  as  broadly  awake 
as  if  he  never  had  slept.  Wherefore,  taking  him  in  their 
arms,  they  returned  him  by  main  force  into  his  bed  ;  and, 
after  he  was  somewhat  quiet  and  settled,  he  said,  turning 
himself  to  the  curate,  '  In  good  sooth.  Lord  Archbishop 
Turpin,  it  is  a  great  dishonour  to  us  that  are  called  the 
twelve  Peers,  to  permit  the  knights  of  the  court  to  bear 
thus  away  the  glory  of  the  tourney  without  more  ado, 
seeing  that  we  the  adventurers  have  gained  the  prize  thereof 
the  three  foremost  days.'  *  Hold  your  peace,  good 
gossip,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  for  fortune  may  be  pleased  to 
change  the  success,  and  what  is  lost  to-day  may  be  won 


42  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

again  to-morrow.  Look  you  to  your  health  for  the  pre- 
sent ;  for  you  seem  at  least  to  be  very  much  tired,  if 
besides  you  be  not  sore  wounded.'  '  Wounded  !  no/ 
quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  but  doubtless  I  am  somewhat 
bruised,  for  that  bastard,  Don  Rowland,  hath  beaten  me 
to  powder  with  the  stock  of  an  oak-tree  ;  and  all  for 
envy,  because  he  sees  that  I  only  dare  oppose  myself  to 
his  valour.  But  let  me  be  never  again  called  Raynold  of 
Montealban  if  he  pay  not  dearly  for  it,  as  soon  as  I  rise 
from  this  bed,  in  despite  of  all  his  enchantment.  But,  I 
pray  you,  call  for  my  breakfast,  for  I  know  it  will  do  me 
much  good,  and  leave  the  revenge  of  this  wrong  to  my 
charge.'  Presently  meat  was  brought ;  and  after  he  had 
eaten  he  fell  asleep,  and  they  remained  astonished  at  his 
wonderful  madness.  That  night  the  old  woman  burned 
all  the  books  that  she  found  in  the  house  and  yard  ;  and 
some  there  were  burnt  that  deserved,  for  their  worthiness, 
to  be  kept  up  in  everlasting  treasuries,  if  their  fortunes 
and  the  laziness  of  the  searchers  had  permitted  it.  And 
so  the  proverb  was  verified  in  them,  '  that  the  just  pays 
sometimes  for  the  sinners.'  One  of  the  remedies  which 
the  curate  and  the  barber  prescribed  for  that  present,  to 
help  their  friend's  disease,  was  that  they  should  change  his 
chamber,  and  dam  up  his  study,  to  the  end  that,  when  he 
arose,  he  might  not  find  them  ;  for,  perhaps,  by  removing 
the  cause,  they  might  also  take  away  the  effects  :  and, 
moreover,  they  bade  them  to  say  that  a  certain  enchanter 
had  carried  them  away,  study  and  all  ;  which  device  was 
presently  put  in  practice.  And,  within  two  days  after, 
Don  Quixote  got  up,  and  the  first  thing  he  did  was  to  go 
and  visit  his  books  ;  and  seeing  he  could  not  find  the 
chamber  in  the  same  place  where  he  had  left  it,  he  went 
up  and  down  to  find  it.  Sometimes  he  came  to  the  place 
where  the  door  stood,  and  felt  it  with  his  hands,  and  then 
would  turn  his  eyes  up  and  down  here  and  there  to  seek 
it,  without  speaking  a  word.  But  at  last,  after  delibera- 
tion, he  asked  of  the  old  woman  the  way  to  his  books. 
She,  as  one  well  schooled  before  what  she  should  answer, 
said,  '  What  study,  or  what  nothing,  is  this  you  look  for  ? 


Chap.  VII         THE  SECOND  DEPARTURE  43 

There  is  now  no  more  study  nor  books  in  this  house  ;  for 
the  very  devil  himself  carried  all  away  with  him.'  '  It 
was  not  the  devil/  said  his  niece,  '  but  an  enchanter,  that 
came  here  one  night  upon  a  cloud,  the  day  after  you 
departed  from  hence  ;  and,  alighting  down  from  a  serpent 
upon  which  he  rode,  he  entered  into  the  study,  and  what 
he  did  therein  I  know  not  ;  and  within  a  while  after  he 
fled  out  at  the  roof  of  the  house,  and  left  all  the  house  full 
of  smoke  ;  and  when  we  accorded  to  see  what  he  had 
done,  we  could  neither  see  book  nor  study  :  only  this 
much  the  old  woman  and  I  do  remember  very  well,  that 
the  naughty  old  man,  at  his  departure,  said,  with  a  loud 
voice,  that  he,  for  hidden  enmity  that  he  bore  to  the  lord 
of  those  books,  had  done  all  the  harm  to  the  house  that 
they  might  perceive  when  he  were  departed,  and  added 
that  he  was  named  the  wise  Muniaton.  '  Frestron,  you 
would  have  said,'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  I  know  not,' 
quoth  the  old  woman,  *  whether  he  hight  Frestron  or 
Friton,  but  well  I  wot  that  his  name  ended  with  ''ton.'" 
'  That  is  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  and  he  is  a  very 
wise  enchanter,  and  my  great  adversary,  and  looks  on  me 
with  a  sinister  eye  ;  for  he  knows,  by  his  art  and  science, 
that  I  shall  in  time  fight  a  single  combat  with  a  knight, 
his  very  great  friend,  and  overcome  him  in  battle,  without 
being  able  to  be  by  him  assisted,  and  therefore  he  labours 
to  do  me  all  the  hurt  he  may  ;  and  I  have  sent  him  word, 
that  he  strives  in  vain  to  divert  or  shun  that  which  is  by 
Heaven  already  decreed.'  '  Who  doubts  of  that  ? '  quoth 
his  niece.  '  But  I  pray  you,  good  uncle,  say,  what  need 
have  you  to  thrust  yourself  into  these  difficulties  and 
brabbles  ?  Were  it  not  better  to  rest  you  quietly  in  your 
own  house,  than  to  wander  through  the  world,  searching 
bread  of  blasted  corn,^  without  once  considering  how  many 
there  go  to  seek  for  wool  that  return  again  shorn  them- 
selves ? '  '  Oh,  niece,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  how  ill  dost 
thou  understand  the  matter  !  Before  I  permit  myself  to 
be  shorn,  I  will  pill  and  pluck  away  the  beards  of  as  many 
as  shall  dare  or  imagine  to  touch  but  a  hair  only  of  me.' 

^  Buscardo  pan  de  Trastrigo,  page  47. 


44  BON   QUIXOTE  Book  1 

To  these  words  the  women  would  make  no  reply,  because 
they  saw  his  choler  increase. 

Fifteen  days  he  remained  quietly  at  home,  without 
giving  any  argument  of  seconding  his  former  vanities  ; 
in  which  time  passed  many  pleasant  encounters  between 
him  and  his  two  gossips,  the  curate  and  barber,  upon  that 
point  which  he  defended,  to  wit,  that  the  world  needed 
nothing  so  much  as  knights-errant,  and  that  the  erratical 
knighthood  ought  to  be  again  renewed  therein.  Master 
parson  would  contradict  him  sometimes,  and  other  times 
yield  unto  that  he  urged  ;  for  had  they  not  observed  that 
manner  of  proceeding,  it  were  impossible  to  bring  him  to 
any  conformity.  In  this  space  Don  Quixote  dealt  with  a 
certain  labourer,  his  neighbour,  an  honest  man  (if  the  title 
of  honesty  may  be  given  to  the  poor),  but  one  of  a  very 
shallow  wit ;  in  resolution,  he  said  so  much  to  him,  and 
persuaded  him  so  earnestly,  and  made  him  so  large 
promises,  as  the  poor  fellow  determined  to  go  away  with 
him,  and  serve  him  as  his  squire.  Don  Quixote,  among 
many  other  things,  bade  him  to  dispose  himself  willingly 
to  depart  with  him ;  for  now  and  then  such  an  adventure 
might  present  itself,  that,  in  as  short  space  as  one  would 
take  up  a  couple  of  straws,  an  island  might  be  won,  and 
he  be  left  as  governor  thereof.  With  these  and  such  like 
promises,  Sancho  Panza  (for  so  he  was  called)  left  his  wife 
and  children,  and  agreed  to  be  his  squire.  Afterward, 
Don  Quixote  began  to  cast  plots  how  to  come  by  some 
money ;  which  he  achieved  by  seUing  one  thing,  pawning 
another,  and  turning  all  upside  down.  At  last  he  got  a 
pretty  sum,  and,  accommodating  himself  with  a  buckler 
which  he  had  borrowed  of  a  friend,  and  patching  up  his 
broken  beaver  again  as  well  he  could,  he  advertised  his 
squire  Sancho  of  the  day  and  hour  wherein  he  meant  to 
depart,  that  he  might  likewise  furnish  himself  with  that 
which  he  thought  needful ;  but  above  all  things  he  charged 
him  to  provide  himself  of  a  wallet ;  which  he  promised  to 
perform,  and  said  that  he  meant  also  to  carry  a  very  good 
ass,  which  he  had  of  his  own,  because  he  was  not  wont  to 
travel  much  a-foot.     In  that  of  the  ass  Don  Quixote  stood 


Chap.  VII         THE  SECOND  DEPARTURE  45 

a  while  pensive,  calling  to  mind  whether  ever  he  had  read 
that  any  knight-errant  carried  his  squire  assishly  mounted ; 
but  he  could  not  remember  any  authority  for  it  ;  yet, 
notwithstanding,  he  resolved  that  he  might  bring  his  beast, 
with  intention  to  accommodate  him  more  honourably, 
when  occasion  were  ojffered,  by  dismounting  the  first  dis- 
courteous knight  they  met,  from  his  horse,  and  giving  it 
to  his  squire ;  he  also  furnished  himself  with  shirts,  and  as 
many  other  things  as  he  might,  according  unto  the  inn- 
keeper's advice.  All  which  being  finished,  Sancho  Panza, 
without  bidding  his  wife  and  children  farewell,  or  Don 
Quixote  his  niece  and  old  servant,  they  both  departed  one 
night  out  of  the  village,  unknown  to  any  person  living  ; 
and  they  travelled  so  far  that  night,  as  they  were  sure  in 
the  morning  not  to  be  found,  although  they  were  pursued. 
Sancho  Panza  rode  on  his  beast  like  a  patriarch,  with  his 
wallet  and  bottle,  and  a  marvellous  longing  to  see  himself 
governor  of  the  island  which  his  master  had  promised 
unto  him. 

Don  Quixote  took  by  chance  the  same  very  course  and 
way  that  he  had  done  in  his  first  voyage  through  the  field 
of  Montiel,  wherein  he  travelled  then  with  less  vexation 
than  the  first ;  for,  by  reason  it  was  early,  and  the  sun- 
beams striking  not  directly  down,  but  athwart,  the  heat 
did  not  trouble  them  much.  And  Sancho  Panza,  seeing 
the  opportunity  good,  said  to  his  master,  *  I  pray  you, 
have  care,  good  sir  knight,  that  you  forget  not  that 
government  of  the  island  which  you  have  promised  me, 
for  I  shall  be  able  to  govern  it  were  it  never  so  great.'  To 
which  Don  Quixote  replied  :  '  You  must  understand,  friend 
Sancho  Panza,  that  it  was  a  custom  very  much  used  by 
ancient  knights-errant,  to  make  their  squires  governors  of 
the  islands  and  kingdoms  that  they  conquered  ;  and  I  am 
resolved  that  so  good  a  custom  shall  never  be  abolished  by 
me,  but  rather  I  will  pass  and  exceed  them  therein  ;  for 
they  sometimes,  and  as  I  take  it,  did,  for  the  greater  part, 
expect  until  their  squires  waxed  aged ;  and  after  they  were 
cloyed  with  service,  and  had  suffered  many  bad  days  and 
worse  nights,  then  did  they  bestow  upon  them  some  title 


46  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

of  an  earl,  or  at  least  of  a  marquis,  of  some  valley  or 
province,  of  more  or  less  account.  But  if  thou  livest,  and 
I  withal,  it  may  happen  that  I  may  conquer  such  a  kingdom 
within  six  days,  that  hath  other  kingdoms  adherent  to  it, 
which  would  fall  out  as  just  as  it  were  cast  in  a  mould  for 
thy  purpose,  whom  I  would  crown  presently  king  of  one 
of  them.  And  do  not  account  this  to  be  any  great  matter; 
for  things  and  chances  do  happen  to  such  knights-adven- 
turers as  I  am,  by  so  unexpected  and  wonderful  ways  and 
means,  as  I  might  give  thee  very  easily  a  great  deal  more 
than  I  have  promised.'  '  After  that  manner,'  said  Sancho 
Panza,  '  if  I  were  a  king,  through  some  miracle  of  those 
which  you  say,  then  should  Joan  Gutierez,  my  wife, 
become  a  queen,  and  my  children  princes !  '  '  Who 
doubts  of  that  ?'  said  Don  Quixote.  '  That  do  I,'  replied 
Sancho  Panza ;  *  for  I  am  fully  persuaded,  that  although 
God  would  rain  kingdoms  down  upon  the  earth,  none  of 
them  would  sit  well  on  Mary  Gutierez  her  head  ;  for,  sir, 
you  must  understand  that  she's  not  worth  a  dodkin  for  a 
queen.  To  be  a  countess  would  agree  with  her  better  ; 
and  yet,  I  pray  God  that  she  be  able  to  discharge  that 
calling.'  '  Commend  thou  the  matter  to  God,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  that  He  may  give  her  that  which  is  most  con- 
venient for  her.  But  do  not  thou  abase  thy  mind  so 
much  as  to  content  thyself  with  less  than  at  the  least 
to  be  a  viceroy.'  *  I  will  not,  good  sir,'  quoth  Sancho, 
*  especially  seeing  I  have  so  worthy  a  lord  and  master  as 
yourself,  who  knows  how  to  give  me  all  that  may  turn  to 
my  benefit,  and  that  I  shall  be  able  to  discharge  in  good 
sort.' 


Chap.  VIII  ADVENTURE  OF  THE  WINDMILLS         47 


CHAPTER  VIII 

Of  the  Good  Success  Don  ^ixote  had,  in  the  Dreadful  and 
Never-imagined  Adventure  of  the  Windmills,  with  other 
Accidents  worthy  to  he  recorded 

As  thus  they  discoursed,  they  discovered  some  thirty  or 
forty  windmills,  that  are  in  that  field  ;  and  as  soon  as 
Don  Quixote  espied  them,  he  said  to  his  squire,  '  Fortune 
doth  address  our  affairs  better  than  we  ourselves  could 
desire  ;  for  behold  there,  friend  Sancho  Panza,  how  there 
appears  thirty  or  forty  monstrous  giants,  with  whom  I 
mean  to  fight,  and  deprive  them  all  of  their  lives,  with 
whose  spoils  we  will  begin  to  be  rich  ;  for  this  is  a  good 
war,  and  a  great  service  unto  God,  to  take  away  so  bad  a 
seed  from  the  face  of  the  earth/  *  What  giants  ? '  quoth 
Sancho  Panza.  '  Those  that  thou  seest  there,'  quoth  his 
lord,  '  with  the  long  arms  ;  and  some  there  are  of  that 
race  whose  arms  are  almost  two  leagues  long/  *  I  pray 
you  understand,'  quoth  Sancho  Panza,  '  that  those  which 
appear  there  are  no  giants,  but  windmills  ;  and  that  which 
seems  in  them  to  be  arms,  are  their  sails,  that,  swung  about 
by  the  wind,  do  also  make  the  mill  go.'  '  It  seems  well,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  'that  thou  art  not  yet  acquainted 
with  matter  of  adventures.  They  are  giants  ;  and,  if  thou 
beest  afraid,  go  aside  and  pray,  whilst  I  enter  into  cruel 
and  unequal  battle  with  them.'  And,  saying  so,  he 
spurred  his  horse  Rozinante,  without  taking'  heed  to  his 
squire  Sancho's  cries,  advertising  him  how  they  were 
doubtless  windmills  that  he  did  assault,  and  no  giants  ; 
but  he  went  so  fully  persuaded  that  they  were  giants  as  he 
neither  heard  his  squire's  outcries,  nor  did  discern  what 
they  were,  although  he  drew  very  near  to  them,  but  rather 
said,  as  loud  as  he  could,  '  Fly  not,  ye  cowards  and  vile 
creatures  !  for  it  is  only  one  knight  that  assaults  you.' 
With  this  the  wind  increased,  and  the  mill  sails  began  to 
turn  about  ;   which  Don  Quixote  espying,  said,  '  Although 


48  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

thou  movest  more  arms  than  the  giant  Briareus  thou  shalt 
stoop  to  me.'  And,  after  saying  this,  and  commending 
himself  most  devoutly  to  his  Lady  Dulcinea,  desiring  her 
to  succour  him  in  that  trance,  covering  himself  well  with 
his  buckler,  and  setting  his  lance  on  his  rest,  he  spurred 
on  Rozinante,  and  encountered  with  the  first  mill  that  was 
before  him,  and,  striking  his  lance  into  the  sail,  the  wind 
swung  it  about  with  such  fury,  that  it  broke  his  lance  into 
shivers,  carrying  him  and  his  horse  after  it,  and  finally 
tumbled  him  a  good  way  off  from  it  on  the  field  in  very 
evil  plight.  Sancho  Panza  repaired  presently  to  succour 
him  as  fast  as  his  ass  could  drive  ;  and  when  he  arrived, 
he  found  him  not  able  to  stir,  he  had  gotten  such  a  crush 
with  Rozinante.  '  Good  God  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  '  did  I  not 
foretell  unto  you  that  you  should  look  well  what  you  did, 
for  they  were  none  other  than  windmills  ?  nor  could  any 
think  otherwise,  unless  he  had  also  windmills  in  his  brains.' 
'  Peace,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  matters  of 
war  are  more  subject  than  any  other  thing  to  continual 
change  ;  how  much  more,  seeing  I  do  verily  persuade  my- 
self, that  the  wise  Frestron,  who  robbed  my  study  and 
books,  hath  transformed  these  giants  into  mills,  to  deprive 
me  of  the  glory  of  the  victory,  such  is  the  enmity  he  bears 
towards  me.  But  yet,  in  fine,  all  his  bad  arts  shall  but 
little  prevail  against  the  goodness  of  my  sword.'  '  God 
grant  it  as  he  may  ! '  said  Sancho  Panza,  and  then  helped 
him  to  arise  ;  and  presently  he  mounted  on  Rozinante, 
who  was  half  shoulder-pitched^  by  rough  encounter;  and, 
discoursing  upon  that  adventure,  they  followed  on  the  way 
which  guided  towards  the  passage  or  gate  of  Lapice  ^ ;  for 
there,  as  Don  Quixote  avouched,  it  was  not  possible  but  to 
find  many  adventures,  because  it  was  a  thoroughfare  much 
frequented  ;  and  yet  he  affirmed  that  he  went  very  much 
grieved,  because  he  wanted  a  lance  ;  and,  telling  it  to  his 
squire,  he  said,  '  I  remember  how  I  have  read  that  a  cer- 
tain Spanish  knight,  called  Diego  Peres  of  Vargas,  having 
broken  his  sword  in  a  battle,  tore  off  a  great  branch  or 
stock  from  an  oak-tree,  and  did  such  marvels  with  it  that 
1  Me^io  spaldado,  ^A  passage  through  the  mountains. 


Chap.  VIII  ADVENTURE  OF  THE  W^INDMILLS  49 

day,  and  battered  so  many  Moors,  as  he  remained  with 
the  surname  of  Machuca,  which  signifies  a  stump,  and  as 
well  he  as  all  his  progeny  were  ever  after  that  day  called 
Vargas  and  Machuca.     I  tell  thee  this,  because  I  mean  to 
tear  another   branch,  such,  or  as  good  as   that  at  least, 
from   the  first  oak  we    shall   encounter,  and  I  mean  to 
achieve  such  adventures  therewithal,  as  thou  wilt  account 
thyself  fortunate  for  having  merited  to  behold  them,  and 
be  a  witness  of  things    almost    incredible/       '  In  God's 
name  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  do  believe  every  word  you  said. 
But,  I  pray  you,  sit  right  in  your  saddle  ;  for  you  ride 
sideling,  which  proceeds,  as  I  suppose,  of  the  bruising  you 
got  by  your  fall.*     'Thou  sayst  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ; 
*  and  if  I  do  not  complain  of  the  grief,   the   reason  is, 
because  knights-errant  use  not  to  complain  of  any  wound, 
although  their  guts  did  issue  out  thereof.'     '  If  it  be  so,' 
quoth  Sancho,   '  I  know  not  what  to  say  ;   but  God  knows 
that  I  would  be  glad  to  hear  you  to  complain  when  any- 
thing grieves  you.     Of  myself  I  dare  affirm,  that  I  must 
complain  of  the  least  grief  that  I  have,  if  it  be  not  likewise 
meant  that  the  squires  of  knights-errant  must  not  com- 
plain   of  any  harm.'      Don    Quixote    could    not    refrain 
laughter,  hearing  the  simplicity  of  his  squire  ;    and  after 
showed  unto  him  that  he  might  lawfully  complain,  both 
when  he  pleased,  and  as  much  as  he  listed,  with  desire,  or 
without  it ;    for  he  had  never  yet  read  anything  to  the 
contrary  in  the  order  of  knighthood.     Then  Sancho  said 
unto  him  that  it  was  dinner-time.     To  whom  he  answered, 
that  he  needed  no  repast  ;   but  if  he  had  will  to  eat,  he 
might  begin  when  he  pleased.      Sancho,  having  obtained 
his  license,  did  accommodate  himself  on  his  ass's  back  the 
best  he  might.      Taking  out  of  his    wallet  some  belly- 
munition,  he  rode  after  his  master,  travelling  and  eating 
at  once,  and  that  with  great  leisure  ;    and  ever  and  anon 
he  lifted  up  his  bottle  with  such  pleasure  as  the  best-fed 
victualler  of  Malaga  might  envy  his  state  ;   and  whilst  he 
rode,  multiplying  of  quaffs  in    that    manner,    he    never 
remembered  any  of  the  promises  his    master  had  made 
him,  nor   did  he  hold   the  fetch  of  adventures   to   be   a 


50  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  I 

labour,  but  rather  a  great  recreation  and  ease,  were  they 
never  so  dangerous.  In  conclusion,  they  passed  over  that 
night  under  certain  trees,  from  one  of  which  Don  Quixote 
tore  a  withered  branch,  which  might  serve  him  in  some 
sort  for  a  lance  ;  and  therefore  he  set  thereon  the  iron 
of  his  own,  which  he  had  reserved  when  it  was  broken. 

All  that  night  Don  Quixote  slept  not  one  wink,  but 
thought  upon  his  Lady  Dulcinea,  that  he  might  conform 
himself  to  what  he  had  read  in  his  books  of  adventures, 
when  knights  passed  over  many  nights  without  sleep 
in  forests  and  fields,  only  entertained  by  the  memory  of 
their  mistresses.  But  Sancho  spent  not  his  time  so 
vainly  ;  for,  having  his  stomach  well  stuffed,  and  that 
not  with  succory  water,  he  carried  smoothly  away  the 
whole  night  in  one  sleep ;  and  if  his  master  had  not  called 
him  up,  neither  the  sunbeams  which  struck  on  his  visage, 
nor  the  melody  of  the  birds,  which  were  many,  and  did 
cheerfully  welcome  the  approach  of  the  new  day,  could 
have  been  able  to  awake  him.  At  his  arising  he  gave  one 
assay  to  the  bottle,  which  he  found  to  be  somewhat  more 
weak  than  it  was  the  night  before,  whereat  his  heart  was 
somewhat  grieved ;  for  he  mistrusted  that  they  took  not  a 
course  to  remedy  that  defect  so  soon  as  he  wished.  Nor 
could  Don  Quixote  break  his  fast,  who,  as  we  have  said, 
meant  only  to  sustain  himself  with  pleasant  remembrances. 

Then  did  they  return  to  their  commenced  way  towards 
the  port  of  Lapice,  which  they  discovered  about  three  of 
the  clock  in  the  afternoon.  '  Here,'  said  Don  Quixote,  as 
soon  as  he  kenned  it,  '  may  we,  friend  Sancho,  thrust  our 
hands  up  to  the  very  elbows  in  that  which  is  called  adven- 
tures. But  observe  well  this  caveat  which  I  shall  give 
thee,  that,  although  thou  seest  me  in  the  greatest  dangers 
of  the  world,  thou  must  not  set  hand  to  thy  sword  in  my 
defence,  if  thou  dost  not  see  that  those  which  assault  me  be 
base  and  vile  vulgar  people ;  for  in  such  a  case  thou  mayst 
assist  me.  Marry,  if  they  be  knights,  thou  mayst  not  do 
so  in  anywise,  nor  is  it  permitted,  by  the  laws  of  arms,  that 
thou  mayst  help  me,  until  thou  beest  likewise  dubbed  knight 
thyself.'     'I  do  assure  you,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  'that  herein 


Chap.  VIII         THE  FRIARS  OF  S.  BENET  51 

you  shall  be  most  punctually  obeyed ;  and  therefore  chiefly 
in  respect  that  I  am  of  mine  own  nature  a  quiet  and  peace- 
able man,  and  a  mortal  enemy  of  thrusting  myself  into 
stirs  or  quarrels ;  yet  is  it  true  that,  touching  the  defence 
of  mine  own  person,  I  will  not  be  altogether  so  observant 
of  those  laws,  seeing  that  both  divine  and  human  allow 
every  man  to  defend  himself  from  any  one  that  would 
wrong  him.'  '  I  say  no  less,'  answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  but 
in  this  of  aiding  me  against  any  knight,  thou  must  set 
bounds  to  thy  natural  impulses.'  '  I  say  I  will  do  so,' 
quoth  Sancho ;  '  and  I  will  observe  this  commandment  as 
punctually  as  that  of  keeping  holy  the  Sabbath  day.' 

Whilst  thus  they  reasoned,  there  appeared  in  the  way 
two  monks  of  St.  Benet's  order,  mounted  on  two  drome- 
daries ;  for  the  mules  whereon  they  rode  were  but  little 
less.  They  wore  masks  with  spectacles  in  them,  to  keep 
away  the  dust  from  their  faces ;  and  each  of  them  besides 
bore  their  umbrills.  After  them  came  a  coach,  and  four  or 
five  a-horseback  accompanying  it,  and  two  lackeys  that  ran 
hard  by  it.  There  came  therein,  as  it  was  after  known,  a 
certain  Biscaine  lady,  which  travelled  towards  Seville,  where 
her  husband  sojourned  at  the  present,  and  was  going  to 
the  Indies  with  an  honourable  charge.  The  monks  rode 
not  with  her,  although  they  travelled  the  same  way.  Scarce 
had  Don  Quixote  perceived  them,  when  he  said  to  his 
squire,  '  Either  I  am  deceived,  or  else  this  will  prove  the 
most  famous  adventure  that  ever  hath  been  seen ;  for  these 
two  great  black  bulks,  which  appear  there,  are,  questionless, 
enchanters,  that  steal,  or  carry  away  perforce,  some  princess 
in  that  coach ;  and  therefore  I  must,  with  all  my  power, 
undo  that  wrong.'  '  This  will  be  worse  than  the  adventure 
of  the  windmills,'  quoth  Sancho.  '  Do  not  you  see,  sir, 
that  those  are  friars  of  St.  Benet's  order  ?  and  the  coach 
can  be  none  other  than  of  some  travellers.  Therefore, 
listen  to  mine  advice,  and  see  well  what  you  do,  lest  the 
devil  deceive  you.'  *  I  have  said  already  to  thee,  Sancho, 
that  thou  art  very  ignorant  in  matter  of  adventures.  What 
I  say  is  true,  as  now  thou  shalt  see.'  And,  saying  so,  he 
spurred  on  his  horse,  and  placed  himself  just  in  the  midst 


52  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

of  the  way  by  which  the  friars  came ;  and  when  they 
approached  so  near  as  he  supposed  they  might  hear  him, 
he  said,  with  a  loud  voice,  '  Devilish  and  wicked  people  ! 
leave  presently  those  high  princesses  which  you  violently 
carry  away  with  you  in  that  coach;  or,  if  you  will  not, 
prepare  yourselves  to  receive  sudden  death,  as  a  just 
punishment  of  your  bad  works/  The  friars  held  their 
horses,  and  were  amazed  both  at  the  shape  and  words  of 
Don  Quixote ;  to  whom  they  answered :  *  Sir  knight,  we 
are  neither  devilish  nor  wicked,  but  religious  men  of  St, 
Benet's  order,  that  travel  about  our  affairs ;  and  we  know 
not  whether  or  no  there  come  any  princesses  forced  in  this 
coach.'  ^  With  me  fair  words  take  no  effect,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  for  I  know  you  very  well,  treacherous  knaves  ! ' 
And  then,  without  expecting  their  reply,  he  set  spurs  to 
Rozinante,  and,  laying  his  lance  on  the  thigh,  charged  the 
first  friar  with  such  fury  and  rage,  that  if  he  had  not 
suffered  himself  willingly  to  fall  off  his  mule,  he  would 
not  only  have  overthrown  him  against  his  will,  but  like- 
wise have  slain,  or  at  least  wounded  him  very  ill  with  the 
blow.  The  second  religious  man,  seeing  how  ill  his  com- 
panion was  used,  made  no  words ;  but,  setting  spurs  to 
that  castle  his  mule,  did  fly  away  through  the  field,  as 
swift  as  the  wind  itself.  Sancho  Panza,  seeing  the  monk 
overthrown,  dismounted  very  speedily  off  his  ass,  and  ran 
over  to  him,  and  would  have  ransacked  his  habits.  In 
this  arrived  the  monks'  two  lackeys,  and  demanded  of  him 
why  he  thus  despoiled  the  friar.  Sancho  replied  that  it 
was  his  due,  by  the  law  of  arms,  as  lawful  spoils  gained  in 
battle  by  his  lord,  Don  Quixote.  The  lackeys,  which 
understood  not  the  jest,  nor  knew  not  what  words  of 
battle  or  spoils  meant,  seeing  that  Don  Quixote  was  now 
out  of  the  way,  speaking  with  those  that  came  in  the 
coach,  set  both  at  once  upon  Sancho,  and  left  him  not  a 
hair  in  his  beard  but  they  plucked,  and  did  so  trample  him 
under  their  feet,  as  they  left  him  stretched  on  the  ground 
without  either  breath  or  feeling.  The  monk,  cutting  off 
all  delays,  mounted  again  on  horseback,  all  affrighted, 
having  scarce  any  drop  of  blood  left  in  his  face  through 


Chap.  VIII  THE  BISCAINE  SQUIRE  53 

fear ;  and,  being  once  up,  he  spurred  after  his  fellow,  who 
expected  him  a  good  way  oiF,  staying  to  see  the  success  of 
that  assault;  and,  being  unwilling  to  attend  the  end  of 
that  strange  adventure,  they  did  prosecute  their  journey, 
blessing  and  crossing  themselves  as  if  the  devil  did  pursue 
them. 

Don  Quixote,  as  is  rehearsed,  was  in  this  season  speak- 
ing to  the  lady  of  the  coach,  to  whom  he  said :  '  Your 
beauty,  dear  lady,  may  dispose  from  henceforth  of  your 
person  as  best  ye  liketh ;  for  the  pride  of  your  robbers  lies 
now  prostrated  on  the  ground,  by  this  my  invincible  arm. 
And  because  you  may  not  be  troubled  to  know  your  de- 
liverer his  name,  know  that  I  am  called  Don  Quixote  de  la 
Mancha,  a  knight-errant  and  adventurer,  and  captive  to 
the  peerless  and  beautiful  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso.  And, 
in  reward  of  the  benefit  which  you  have  received  at  my 
hands,  I  demand  nothing  else  but  that  you  return  to 
Toboso,  and  there  present  yourselves,  in  my  name,  before 
my  lady,  and  recount  unto  her  what  I  have  done  to  obtain 
your  liberty.'  To  all  these  words  which  Don  Quixote  said, 
a  certain  Biscaine  squire,  that  accompanied  the  coach,  gave 
ear ;  who,  seeing  that  Don  Quixote  suffered  not  the  coach 
to  pass  onward,  but  said  that  it  must  presently  turn  back 
to  Toboso,  he  drew  near  to  him,  and,  laying  hold  on  his 
lance,  he  said,  in  his  bad  Spanish  and  worse  Basquish  :  ^  Get 
thee  away,  knight  in  an  ill  hour !  By  the  God  that  created 
me,  if  thou  leave  not  the  coach,  I  will  kill  thee,  as  sure  as 
I  am  a  Biscaine.'  Don  Quixote,  understanding  him,  did 
answer,  with  great  staidness  :  *  If  thou  weres  a  knight,^  as 
thou  art  not,  I  would  by  this  have  punished  thy  folly  and 
presumption,  caitiff  creature  ! '  The  Biscaine  replied,  with 
great  fury  :  '  Not  I  a  gentleman  !  I  swear  God  thou  liest, 
as  well  as  I  am  a  Christian.  If  thou  cast  away  thy  lance, 
and  draw  thy  sword,^  thou  shalt  see  the  water  as  soon  as 
thou  shalt  carry  away  the  cat  :  a  Biscaine  by  land,  and  a 
gentleman  by  sea,  a  gentleman  in  spite  of  the  devil ;  and 
thou  liest,  if  other  things  thou  sayst ! '     *  "  Straight  thou 

^  Cavallero^  in  Spanish,  is  taken  as  well  for  a  gentleman  as  for  a  knight, 
2  Page  58, 


54  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  I 

shalt  see  that/'  said  Agrages/  replied  Don  Quixote  ;  and, 
throwing  his  lance  to  the  ground,  he  out  with  his  sword, 
and  took  his  buckler,  and  set  on  the  Biscaine,  with  resolu- 
tion to  kill  him.  The  Biscaine,  seeing  him  approach  in 
that  manner,  although  he  desired  to  alight  off  his  mule, 
which  was  not  to  be  trusted,  being  one  of  those  naughty 
ones  which  are  wont  to  be  hired,  yet  had  he  no  leisure 
to  do  any  other  thing  than  to  draw  out  his  sword  ;  but 
it  befel  him  happily  to  be  near  to  the  coach,  out  of  which 
he  snatched  a  cushion,  that  served  him  for  a  shield  ;  and 
presently  the  one  made  upon  the  other  like  mortal 
enemies.  Those  that  were  present  laboured  all  that  they 
might,  but  in  vain,  to  compound  the  matter  between 
them  ;  for  the  Biscaine  swore,  in  his  bad  language,  that  if 
they  hindered  him  from  ending  the  battle,  he  would  put 
his  lady,  and  all  the  rest  that  dared  to  disturb  him,  to 
the  sword. 

The  lady,  astonished  and  fearful  of  that  which  she 
beheld,  commanded  the  coachman  to  go  a  little  out  of  the 
way,  and  sat  aloof,  beholding  the  rigorous  conflict ;  in  the 
progress  whereof  the  Biscaine  gave  Don  Quixote  over  the 
target  a  mighty  blow  on  one  of  the  shoulders,  where,  if  it 
had  not  found  resistance  in  his  armour,  it  would  doubt- 
lessly have  cleft  him  down  to  the  girdle.  Don  Quixote, 
feeling  the  weight  of  that  unmeasurable  blow,  cried,  with 
a  loud  voice,  saying,  *  O  Dulcinea  !  lady  of  my  soul !  the 
flower  of  all  beauty  !  succour  this  thy  knight,  who,  to  set 
forth  thy  worth,  finds  himself  in  this  dangerous  trance  ! ' 
The  saying  of  these  words,  the  gripping  fast  of  his  sword, 
the  covering  of  himself  well  with  his  buckler,  and  the 
assailing  of  the  Biscaine,  was  done  all  in  one  instant, 
resolving  to  venture  all  the  success  of  the  battle  on  that 
one  only  blow.  The  Biscaine,  who  perceived  him  come 
in  that  manner,  perceived,  by  his  doughtiness,  his  inten- 
tion, and  resolved  to  do  the  hke  ;  and  therefore  expected 
him  very  well,  covered  with  his  cushion,  not  being  able  to 
manage  his  mule  as  he  wished  from  one  part  to  another, 
who  was  not  able  to  go  a  step,  it  was  so  wearied,  as  a  beast 
never  before  used  to  the  like  toys.     Don  Quixote,  as  we 


Chap.  VIII.  THE  BISCAINE  SQUIRE  55 

have  said,  came  against  the  wary  Biscaine  with  his  sword 
lifted  aloft,  with  a  full  resolution  to  part  him  in  two  ;  and 
all  the  beholders  stood,  with  great  fear  suspended,  to  see 
the  success  of  those  monstrous  blows  wherewithal  they 
threatened  one  another.  And  the  lady  of  the  coach,  with 
her  gentlewomen,  made  a  thousand  vows  and  offerings  to 
all  the  devout  places  of  Spain,  to  the  end  that  God  might 
deliver  the  squire  and  themselves  out  of  that  great  danger 
wherein  they  were. 

But  it  is  to  be  deplored  how,  in  this  very  point  and 
term,  the  author  of  this  history  leaves  this  battle  depend- 
ing, excusing  himself  that  he  could  find  no  more  written 
of  the  acts  of  Don  Quixote  than  those  which  he  hath 
already  recounted.  True  it  is,  that  the  second  writer  of 
this  work  would  not  believe  that  so  curious  a  history  was 
drowned  in  the  jaws  of  oblivion,  or  that  the  wits  of  the 
Mancha  were  so  little  curious  as  not  to  reserve  among 
their  treasuries  or  records  some  papers  treating  of  this 
famous  knight ;  and  therefore,  encouraged  by  this  pre- 
sumption, he  did  not  despair  to  find  the  end  of  this 
pleasant  history  ;  which.  Heaven  being  propitious  to  him, 
he  got  at  last,  after  the  manner  that  shall  be  recounted  in 
the  Second  Part. 


THE  SECOND  BOOK 


CHAPTER  I 


Wherein  is  related  the  Events  of  the  Fearful  Battle  which  the 
Gallant  Bis caine  fought  with  Don  Quixote 

We  left  the  valorous  Biscaine  and  the  famous  Don 
Quixote,  in  the  First  Part,  with  their  swords  lifted  up 
and  naked,  in  terms  to  discharge  one  upon  another  two 
furious  cleavers,  and  such,  as  if  they  had  lighted  rightly, 
would  cut  and  divide  them  both  from  the  top  to  the 
toe,  and  open  them  like  a  pomegranate ;  and  in  that  so 
doubtful  a  taking  the  delightful  history  stopped  and 
remained  dismembered,  the  author  thereof  leaving  us 
no  notice  where  we  might  find  the  rest  of  the  narration. 
This  grieved  me  not  a  little,  but  wholly  turned  the 
pleasure  I  took  in  reading  the  beginning  thereof  into 
disgust,  thinking  how  small  commodity  was  offered  to 
find  out  so  much  as  in  my  opinion  wanted  of  this  so 
delectable  a  tale.  It  seemed  unto  me  almost  impossible, 
and  contrary  to  all  good  order,  that  so  good  a  knight 
should  want  some  wise  man  that  would  undertake  his 
wonderful  prowess  and  feats  of  chivalry  :  a  thing  that 
none  of  those  knights-errant  ever  wanted,  of  whom  people 
speak  ;  for  each  of  them  had  one  or  two  wise  men,  of 
purpose,  that  did  not  only  write  their  acts,  but  also  de- 
painted  their  very  least  thoughts  and  toys,  were  they  never 
so  hidden.     And  surely  so  good  a  knight  could  not  be 

56 


Chap.  I  CID  HAMETE  BENENGELI  57 

so  unfortunate  as  to  want  that  wherewith  Platyr  and  others 
his  like  abounded  ;  and  therefore  could  not  induce  myself 
to  believe  that  so  gallant  a  history  might  remain  maimed 
and  lame,  and  did  rather  cast  the  fault  upon  the  malice  of 
the  time,  who  is  a  consumer  and  devourer  of  all  things, 
which  had  either  hidden  or  consumed  it.  Methought,  on 
the  other  side,  seeing  that  among  his  books  were  found 
some  modern  works,  such  as  the  Undeceiving  of  Jealousy y 
and  the  Nymphs  and  Shepherds  of  Henares^  that  also  his 
own  history  must  have  been  new  ;  and  if  that  it  were  not 
written,  yet  was  the  memory  of  him  fresh  among  the 
dwellers  of  his  own  village  and  the  other  villages  adjoin- 
ing. This  imagination  held  me  suspended,  and  desirous 
to  learn  really  and  truly  all  the  life  and  miracles  of  our 
famous  Spaniard,  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,  the  light 
and  mirror  of  all  Manchical  chivalry,  being  the  first  who, 
in  this  our  age  and  time,  so  full  of  calamities,  did  undergo 
the  travels  and  exercise  of  arms-errant ;  and  undid  wrongs, 
succoured  widows,  protected  damsels  that  rode  up  and 
down  with  their  whips  and  palfreys,  and  with  all  their 
virginity  on  their  backs,  from  hill  to  hill  and  dale  to  dale  ; 
for,  if  it  happened  not  that  some  lewd  miscreant,  or  some 
clown  with  a  hatchet  and  long  hair,  or  some  monstrous 
giant,  did  force  them,  damsels  there  were  in  times  past 
that  at  the  end  of  fourscore  years  old,  all  which  time  they 
never  slept  one  day  under  a  roof,  went  as  entire  and  pure 
maidens  to  their  graves  as  the  very  mother  that  bore  them. 
Therefore  I  say,  that  as  well  for  this  as  for  many  other 
good  respects,  our  gallant  Don  Quixote  is  worthy  of  con- 
tinual and  memorable  praises ;  nor  can  the  like  be  justly 
denied  to  myself,  for  the  labour  and  diligence  which  I 
used  to  find  out  the  end  of  this  grateful  history,  although 
I  know  very  well  that,  if  Heaven,  chance,  and  fortune  had 
not  assisted  me,  the  world  had  been  deprived  of  the 
delight  and  pastime  that  they  may  take  for  almost  two 
hours  together,  who  shall  with  attention  read  it.  The 
manner,  therefore,  of  finding  it  was  this  : 

Being   one  day  walking  in  the  exchange  of  Toledo,  a 
certain  boy  by  chance  would  have  sold  divers  old  quires 


58  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

and  scrolls  of  books  to  a  squire  that  walked  up  and  down 
in  that  place,  and  I,  being  addicted  to  read  such  scrolls, 
though  I  found  them  torn  in  the  streets,  borne  away  by 
this  my  natural  inclination,  took  one  of  the  quires  in  my 
hand,  and  perceived  it  to  be  written  in  Arabical  characters, 
and  seeing  that,  although  I  knew  the  letters,  yet  could  I 
not  read  the  substance,  I  looked  about  to  view  whether 
I  could  perceive  any  Moor  turned  Spaniard  thereabouts, 
that  could  read  them  ;  nor  was  it  very  difficult  to  find 
there  such  an  interpreter  ;  for,  if  I  had  searched  one  of 
another  better  and  more  ancient  language,^  that  place  would 
easily  afford  him.  In  fine,  my  good  fortune  presented 
one  to  me  ;  to  whom  telling  my  desire,  and  setting 
the  book  in  his  hand,  he  opened  it,  and,  having  read  a 
little  therein,  began  to  laugh.  I  demanded  of  him  why  he 
laughed  ;  and  he  answered,  at  that  marginal  note  which 
the  book  had.  I  bade  him  to  expound  it  to  me,  and  with 
that  took  him  a  little  aside  ;  and  he,  continuing  still  his 
laughter,  said  :  *  There  is  written  here,  on  this  margin, 
these  words  :  "  This  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  so  many  times 
spoken  of  in  this  history,  had  the  best  hand  for  powdering 
of  porks  of  any  woman  in  all  the  Mancha.'* '  When  I 
heard  it  make  mention  of  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  I  rested 
amazed  and  suspended,  and  imagined  forthwith  that  those 
quires  contained  the  history  of  Don  Quixote.  With  this 
conceit  I  hastened  him  to  read  the  beginning,  which  he 
did,  and,  translating  the  Arabical  into  Spanish  in  a  trice,  he 
said  that  it  begun  thus  :  '  "l^he  History  of  Don  ^ixote  of  the 
Mancha,  written  by  Cid  Hamete  JBenengeli,  an  Arabical 
historiographer.'  Much  discretion  was  requisite  to  dis- 
semble the  content  of  mind  I  conceived  when  I  heard  the 
title  of  the  book,  and,  preventing  the  squire,  I  bought  all 
the  boy's  scrolls  and  papers  for  a  real ;  and  were  he  of 
discretion,  or  knew  my  desire,  he  might  have  promised 
himself  easily,  and  also  have  borne  away  with  him,  more 
than  six  reals  for  his  merchandise.  I  departed  after  with 
the  Moor  to  the  cloister  of  the  great  church,  and  I  re- 
quested him  to  turn  me  all  the  Arabical  sheets  that  treated 

1  To  wit,  a  Jew. 


Chap.  I  DEFEAT  OF  THE  BISCAINE  59 

of  Don  Quixote  into  Spanish,  without  adding  or  taking 
away  anything  from  them,  and  I  would  pay  him  what  he 
listed  for  his  pains.  He  demanded  fifty  pounds  of  raisins 
and  three  bushels  of  wheat,  and  promised  to  translate  them 
speedily,  well,  and  faithfully.  But  I,  to  hasten  the  matter 
more,  lest  I  should  lose  such  an  unexpected  and  welcome 
treasure,  brought  him  to  my  house,  where  he  translated  all 
the  work  in  less  than  a  month  and  a  half,  even  in  the 
manner  that  it  is  here  recounted. 

There  was  painted,  in  the  first  quire,  very  naturally,  the 
battle  betwixt  Don  Quixote  and  the  Biscaine  ;  even  in  the 
same  manner  that  the  history  relateth  it,  with  their  swords 
lifted  aloft,  the  one  covered  with  his  buckler,  the  other 
with  the  cushion  ;  and  the  Biscaine's  mule  was  delivered 
so  naturally  as  a  man  might  perceive  it  was  hired,  although 
he  stood  farther  off  than  the  shot  of  a  cross-bow.  The 
Biscaine  had  a  title  written  under  his  feet  that  said,  '  Don 
Sancho  de  Azpetia,'  for  so  belike  he  was  called  ;  and  at 
Rozinante  his  feet  there  was  another,  that  said  '  Don 
Quixote.'  Rozinante  was  marvellous  well  portraited  ; 
so  long  and  lank,  so  thin  and  lean,  so  like  one  labouring 
with  an  incurable  consumption,  as  he  did  show  very  clearly 
with  what  consideration  and  propriety  he  had  given  unto 
him  the  name  Rozinante.  By  him  stood  Sancho  Panza, 
holding  his  ass  by  the  halter  ;  at  whose  feet  was  another 
scroll,  saying,  '  Sancho  Zancas '  ;  and  I  think  the  reason 
thereof  was,  that,  as  his  picture  showed,  he  had  a  great 
belly,  a  short  stature,  and  thick  legs  ;  and  therefore,  I 
judge,  he  was  called  Panza,  or  Zanca  ;  for  both  these 
names  were  written  of  him  indifferently  in  the  history. 
There  were  other  little  things  in  it  worthy  noting  ;  but  all 
of  them  are  of  no  great  importance,  nor  anything  necessary 
for  the  true  relation  of  the  history  ;  for  none  is  ill,  if  it  be 
true.  And  if  any  objection  be  made  against  the  truth  of 
this,  it  can  be  none  other  than  that  the  author  was  a 
Moor  ;  and  it  is  a  known  propriety  of  that  nation  to  be 
lying  :  yet,  in  respect  that  they  hate  us  so  mortally,  it  is  to 
be  conjectured  that  in  this  history  there  is  rather  want  and 
concealment  of  our  knight's  worthy  acts  than  any  super- 


6o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

fluity  ;  which  I  imagine  the  rather,  because  I  find  in  the 
progress  thereof,  many  times,  that  when  he  might  and 
ought  to  have  advanced  his  pen  in  our  knight's  praises,  he 
doth,  as  it  were  of  purpose,  pass  them  over  in  silence  ; 
which  was  very  ill  done,  seeing  that  historiographers  ought 
and  should  be  very  precise,  true,  and  unpassionate  ;  and 
that  neither  profit  nor  fear,  rancour  nor  affection,  should 
make  them  to  tread  awry  from  the  truth,  whose  mother  is 
history,  the  emulatress  of  time,  the  treasury  of  actions, 
the  witness  of  things  past,  the  advertiser  of  things  to  come. 
In  this  history  I  know  a  man  may  find  all  that  he  can 
desire  in  the  most  pleasing  manner  ;  and  if  they  want  any- 
thing to  be  desired,  I  am  of  opinion  that  it  is  through  the 
fault  of  that  ungracious  knave  that  translated  it,  rather 
than  through  any  defect  in  the  subject.  Finally,  the 
Second  Part  thereof  (according  to  the  translation)  began 
in  this  manner  : 

The  trenchant  swords  of  the  two  valorous  and  en- 
raged combatants  being  lifted  aloft,  it  seemed  that  they 
threatened  heaven,  the  earth,  and  the  depths,  such  was  their 
hardiness  and  courage.  And  the  first  that  discharged  his 
blow  was  the  Biscaine,  which  fell  with  such  force  and  fury, 
as  if  the  sword  had  not  turned  a  little  in  the  way,  that  only 
blow  had  been  sufficient  to  set  an  end  to  the  rigorous  con- 
tention, and  all  other  the  adventures  of  our  knight.  But 
his  good  fortune,  which  reserved  him  for  greater  affairs, 
did  wrest  his  adversary's  sword  awry  in  such  sort,  as 
though  he  struck  him  on  the  left  shoulder,  yet  did  it  no 
more  harm  than  disarm  all  that  side,  carrying  away  with  it 
a  great  part  of  his  beaver,  with  the  half  of  his  ear  ;  all 
which  fell  to  the  ground  with  a  dreadful  ruin,  leaving  him 
in  very  ill  case  for  a  good  time.  Good  God  !  who  is  he 
that  can  well  describe,  at  this  present,  the  fury  that  entered 
in  the  heart  of  our  Manchegan,  seeing  himself  used  in  that 
manner  ?  Let  us  say  no  more,  but  that  it  was  such  that, 
stretching  himself  again  in  the  stirrups,  and  gripping  his 
sword  fast  in  both  his  hands,  he  discharged  such  a  terrible 
blow  on  the  Biscaine,  hitting  him  right  upon  the  cushion, 
and  by  it  on   the   head,  that  the  strength  and  thickness 


Chap.  I  DEFEAT  OF  THE  BISCAINE  6i 

thereof  so  little  availed  him,  that,  as  if  a  whole  mountain 
had  fallen  upon  him,  the  blood  gushed  out  of  his  mouth, 
nose,  and  ears,  all  at  once,  and  he  tottered  so  on  his  mule, 
that  every  step  he  took  he  v^as  ready  to  fall  off,  as  he 
would  indeed  if  he  had  not  taken  him  by  the  neck  ;  yet, 
nevertheless,  he  lost  the  stirrups,  and,  losing  his  grip  of  the 
mule,  it  being  likewise  frighted  by  that  terrible  blow,  ran 
away  as  fast  as  it  could  about  the  fields,  and  within  two  or 
three  winches  overthrew  him  to  the  ground.  All  which 
Don  Quixote  stood  beholding  with  great  quietness ;  and 
as  soon  as  he  saw  him  fall,  he  leaped  off  his  horse,  and  ran 
over  to  him  very  speedily ;  and,  setting  the  point  of  his 
sword  on  his  eyes,  he  bade  him  yield  himself,  or  else  he 
would  cut  oiF  his  head.  The  Biscaine  was  so  amazed  as 
he  could  not  speak  a  word ;  and  it  had  succeeded  very  ill 
with  him,  considering  Don  Quixote's  fury,  if  the  ladies  of 
the  coach,  which  until  then  had  beheld  the  conflict  with 
great  anguish,  had  not  come  where  he  was,  and  earnestly 
besought  him  to  do  them  the  favour  to  pardon  their 
squire's  life.  Don  Quixote  answered,  with  a  great  lofti- 
ness and  gravity  :  '  Truly,  fair  ladies,  I  am  well  apaid  to 
grant  you  your  request,  but  it  must  be  with  this  agreement 
and  condition,  that  this  knight  shall  promise  me  to  go 
to  Toboso,  and  present  himself,  in  my  name,  to  the  peer- 
less Lady  Dulcinea,  to  the  end  she  may  dispose  of  him  as 
she  pleaseth.'  The  timorous  and  comfortless  lady,  without 
considering  what  Don  Quixote  demanded,  or  asking  what 
Dulcinea  was,  promised  that  her  squire  should  accomplish 
all  that  he  pleased  to  command.  '  Why,  then,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  *  trusting  to  your  promise,  I'll  do  him  no 
more  harm,  although  he  hath  well  deserved  it  at  my 
hands.' 


62  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  II 


CHAPTER   II 

Of  that  which  after  befel  Don  ^uixote^  when  he  had  left 

the  Ladies 

By  this  Sancho  Panza  had  gotten  up,  though  somewhat 
abused  by  the  friars'  lackeys,  and  stood  attentively  be- 
holding his  lord's  combat,  and  prayed  to  God  with  all  his 
heart,  that  it  would  please  Him  to  give  him  the  victory ; 
and  that  he  might  therein  win  some  island,  whereof  he 
might  make  him  governor,  as  he  had  promised.  And, 
seeing  the  controversy  ended  at  last,  and  that  his  lord 
remounted  upon  Rozinante,  he  came  to  hold  him  the 
stirrup,  and  cast  himself  on  his  knees  before  him  ere  he 
got  up,  and,  taking  him  by  the  hand,  he  kissed  it,  saying, 
'  I  desire  that  it  will  please  you,  good  my  lord  Don 
Quixote,  to  bestow  upon  me  the  government  of  that 
island  which  in  this  terrible  battle  you  have  won ;  for 
though  it  were  never  so  great,  yet  do  I  find  myself  able 
enough  to  govern  it,  as  well  as  any  other  whatsoever  that 
ever  governed  island  in  this  world.'  To  this  demand  Don 
Quixote  answered  :  '  Thou  must  note,  friend  Sancho,  that 
this  adventure,  and  others  of  this  kind,  are  not  adventures 
of  islands,  but  of  thwartings  and  highways,  wherein 
nothing  else  is  gained  but  a  broken  pate,  or  the  loss  of  an 
ear.  Have  patience  a  while ;  for  adventures  will  be 
offered  whereby  thou  shalt  not  only  be  made  a  governor, 
but  also  a  greater  man.'  Sancho  rendered  him  many 
thanks,  and,  kissing  his  hand  again,  and  the  skirt  of  his 
habergeon,  he  did  help  him  to  get  up  on  Rozinante,  and 
he  leapt  on  his  ass,  and  followed  his  lord,  who,  with  a 
swift  pace,  without  taking  leave  or  speaking  to  those  of 
the  coach,  entered  into  a  wood  that  was  hard  at  hand. 
Sancho  followed  him  as  fast  as  his  beast  could  trot ;  but 
Rozinante  went  off  so  swiftly,  as  he,  perceiving  he  was 
like  to  be  left  behind,  was  forced  to  call  aloud  to  his 
master  that  he  would  stay  for  him,  which  Don  Quixote 


Chap.  II  SANCHO  PANZA'S  DESIRES  63 

did,  by  checking  Rozinante  with  the  bridle,  until  his 
wearied  squire  did  arrive ;  who,  as  soon  as  he  came,  said 
unto  him,  *  Methinks,  sir,  that  it  will  not  be  amiss  to 
retire  ourselves  to  some  church ;  for,  according  as  that 
man  is  ill  dight  with  whom  you  fought,  I  certainly  per- 
suade myself  that  they  will  give  notice  of  the  fact  to  the 
holy  brotherhood,  and  they  will  seek  to  apprehend  us  ; 
which  if  they  do,  in  good  faith,  before  we  can  get  out 
of  their  claws,  I  fear  me  we  shall  sweat  for  it/  *  Peace  ! ' 
quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  where  hast  thou  ever  read  or 
seen  that  knight-errant  that  hath  been  brought  before 
the  judge,  though  he  committed  never  so  many  homi- 
cides and  slaughters  ? '  'I  know  nothing  of  omicills,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  nor  have  I  cared  in  my  life  for  any ;  but 
well  I  wot  that  it  concerns  the  Holy  Brotherhood  to  deal 
with  such  as  fight  in  the  fields,  and  in  that  other  I  will 
not  intermeddle/  '  Then  be  not  afraid,  friend,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  I  will  deliver  thee  out  of  the  hands 
of  the  Chaldeans,  how  much  more  out  of  those  of  the 
brotherhood.  But  tell  me,  in  very  good  earnest,  whether 
thou  didst  ever  see  a  more  valorous  knight  than  I  am 
throughout  the  face  of  the  earth  ?  Didst  thou  ever  read  in 
histories  of  any  other  that  hath,  or  ever  had,  more  courage 
in  assailing,  more  breath  in  persevering,  more  dexterity 
in  offending,  or  more  art  in  overthrowing,  than  I  ? ' 
*  The  truth  is,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  I  have  never  read 
any  history  ;  for  I  can  neither  read  nor  write :  but  that 
which  I  dare  wager  is,  that  I  never  in  my  life  served  a 
bolder  master  than  you  are;  and  I  pray  God  that  we  pay 
not  for  this  boldness  there  where  I  have  said.  That 
which  I  request  you  is,  that  you  will  cure  yourself ;  for 
you  lose  much  blood  by  that  ear,  and  here  I  have  lint  and 
a  little  unguentum  album  in  my  wallet.'  '  All  this  might  be 
excused,'  quoth  Dox  Quixote,  '  if  I  had  remembered  to 
make  a  vialful  of  the  Balsam  of  Fierebras  ;  for,  with  one 
drop  of  it,  we  might  spare  both  time,  and  want  well  all 
those  other  medicines.'  '  What  vial,  and  what  balsam,  is 
that.'^'  said  Sancho  Panza.  'It  is,'  answered  Don  Quixote, 
'  a  balsam  whereof  I  have  the  recipe  in  memory,  which  one 


64  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  II 

possessing  he  needs  not  fear  death,  nor  ought  he  to  think 
that  he  may  be  killed  by  any  wound  ;  and  therefore,  after 
I  have  made  it,  and  given  it  unto  thee,  thou  hast  nothing 
else  to  do,  but  when  thou  shalt  see  that  in  any  battle  I  be 
cloven  in  twain  (as  many  times  it  happens),  thou  shalt  take 
fair  and  softly  that  part  of  my  body  that  is  fallen  to  the 
ground,  and  put  it  up  again,  with  great  subtlety,  on  the 
part  that  rests  in  the  saddle,  before  the  blood  congeal, 
having  evermore  great  care  that  thou  place  it  just  and 
equally  ;  then  presently  after  thou  shalt  give  me  two 
draughts  of  that  balsam  of  which  I  have  spoken,  and  thou 
shalt  see  me  straight  become  sounder  than  an  apple.'  '  If 
that  be  true,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  do  presently  here  renounce 
the  government  of  the  island  you  promised,  and  will 
demand  nothing  else  in  recompense  of  my  services  of  you, 
but  only  the  recipe  of  this  precious  liquor  ;  for  I  am 
certain  that  an  ounce  thereof  will  be  worth  two  reals  in 
any  place,  and  when  I  have  it  I  should  need  nothing  else 
to  gain  my  living  easily  and  honestly.  But  let  me  know, 
is  it  costly  in  making  ? '  *  With  less  than  three  reals,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  a  man  may  make  three  gallons  of  it. 
But  I  mean  to  teach  thee  greater  secrets  than  this,  and  do 
thee  greater  favours  also.  And  now,  let  me  cure  myself ; 
for  mine  ear  grieves  me  more  than  I  would  wish.'  Sancho 
then  took  out  of  his  wallet  his  lint  and  ointment  to  cure  his 
master.  But  when  Don  Quixote  saw  that  the  visor  of  his 
helmet  was  broken,  he  was  ready  to  run  mad  ;  and, 
setting  his  hand  to  his  sword,  and  lifting  up  his  eyes  to 
heaven,  he  said:  'I  vow  to  the  Creator  of  all  things,  and  to 
the  four  gospels  where  they  are  largest  written,  to  lead 
such  another  life  as  the  great  Marquis  of  Mantua  did, 
when  he  swore  to  revenge  the  death  of  his  nephew  Val- 
do vinos  ;  which  was,  not  to  eat  on  table-cloth,  nor  sport 
with  his  wife,  and  other  things,  which,  although  I  do  not 
now  remember,  I  give  them  here  for  expressed,  until  I 
take  complete  revenge  on  him  that  hath  done  me  this 
outrage.' 

Sancho,  hearing  this,  said  :   '  You  must  note.  Sir  Don 
Quixote,  that  if  the  knight  hath  accomplished  that  which 


Chap.  II  SANCHO  PANZA'S  DESIRES  65 

you  ordained,  to  go  and  present  himself  before  my  Lady 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  then  hath  he  fully  satisfied  his  debt, 
and  deserves  no  new  punishment,  except  he  commit  a 
new  fault.'  'Thou  hast  spoken  well,  and  hit  the  mark 
right,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  and  therefore  I  disannul  the 
oath,  in  that  of  taking  any  new  revenge  on  him ;  but  I 
make  it,  and  confirm  it  again,  that  I  will  lead  the  life  I 
have  said  until  I  take  another  helmet  like,  or  as  good  as 
this,  perforce  from  some  knight.  And  do  not  think, 
Sancho,  that  I  make  this  resolution  lightly,  or,  as  they  say, 
with  the  smoke  of  straws,  for  I  have  an  author  whom  I 
may  very  well  imitate  herein  ;  for  the  very  like,  in  every 
respect,  passed  about  Mambrino's  helmet,  which  cost 
Sacriphante  so  dearly.'  '  I  would  have  you  resign  those 
kind  of  oaths  to  the  devil,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  for  they  will 
hurt  your  health,  and  prejudice  your  conscience.  If  not, 
tell  me  now,  I  beseech  you,  if  we  shall  not  these  many 
days  encounter  with  any  that  wears  a  helmet,  what  shall 
we  do  ?  Will  you  accomplish  the  oath  in  despite  of  all  the 
inconveniences  and  discommodities  that  ensue  thereof  ?  to 
wit,  to  sleep  in  your  clothes,  nor  to  sleep  in  any  dwelling, 
and  a  thousand  other  penitences,  which  the  oath  of  the 
mad  old  man,  the  Marquis  of  Mantua,  contained,  which 
you  mean  to  ratify  now  ?  Do  not  you  consider  that 
armed  men  travel  not  in  any  of  these  ways,  but  carriers 
and  waggoners,  who  not  only  carry  no  helmets,  but  also, 
for  the  most  part,  never  heard  speak  of  them  in  their 
lives  ? '  '  Thou  dost  deceive  thyself  saying  so,'  replied 
Don  Quixote ;  '  for  we  shall  not  haunt  these  ways  two 
hours  before  we  shall  see  more  armed  knights  than  were 
at  the  siege  of  Albraca,  to  conquer  Angelica  the  fair.' 

*  Well,  then,  let  it  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  and  I  pray  God 
it  befall  us  well,  whom  I  devoutly  beseech  that  the  time 
may  come  of  gaining  that  island  which  costs  me  so  dear, 
and  after  let  me  die  presently,  and  I  care  not.'  '  I  have 
already  said  to  thee,  Sancho,'  quoth  his  lord,  '  that  thou 
shouldst  not  trouble  thyself  in  any  wise  about  this  affair ; 
for  if  an  island  were  wanting,  we  have  then  the  kingdom 
of  Denmark,  or  that  of  Sobradisa,  which  will  come  as  fit 


66  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

for  thy  purpose  as  a  ring  to  thy  finger ;  and  principally 
thou  art  to  rejoice  because  they  are  on  the  continent. 
But,  omitting  this  till  his  own  time,  see  whether  thou  hast 
anything  in  thy  wallet,  and  let  us  eat  it,  that  afterward  we 
may  go  search  out  some  castle  wherein  we  may  lodge  this 
night,  and  make  the  balsam  which  I  have  told  thee ;  for  I 
vow  to  God  that  this  ear  grieves  me  marvellously/  '  I 
have  here  an  onion,'  replied  the  squire,  '  a  piece  of  cheese, 
and  a  few  crusts  of  bread ;  but  such  gross  meats  are  not 
befitting  so  noble  a  knight  as  you  are/  *  How  ill  dost 
thou  understand  it ! '  answered  Don  Quixote.  '  I  let  thee 
to  understand,  Sancho,  that  it  is  an  honour  for  knights- 
errant  not  to  eat  once  in  a  month's  space ;  and  if  by 
chance  they  should  eat,  to  eat  only  of  that  which  is  next 
at  hand ;  and  this  thou  mightest  certainly  conceive,  hadst 
thou  read  so  many  books  as  I  have  done ;  for  though  I 
passed  over  many,  yet  did  I  never  find  recorded  in  any 
that  knights-errant  did  ever  eat,  but  by  mere  chance  and 
adventure,  or  in  some  costly  banquets  that  were  made  for 
them,  and  all  the  other  days  they  passed  over  with  herbs 
and  roots :  and  though  it  is  to  be  understood  that  they 
could  not  live  without  meat,  and  supplying  the  other  needs 
of  nature,  because  they  were  in  effect  men  as  we  are,  it  is 
likewise  to  be  understood,  that  spending  the  greater  part 
of  their  lives  in  forests  and  deserts,  and  that,  too,  without 
a  cook,  that  their  most  ordinary  meats  were  but  coarse  and 
rustical,  such  as  thou  dost  now  offer  unto  me.  So  that, 
friend  Sancho,  let  not  that  trouble  thee  which  is  my  plea- 
sure, nor  go  not  thou  about  to  make  a  new  world,  or  to 
hoist  knight-errantry  off  her  hinges.'  '  Pardon  me,  good 
sir,'  quoth  Sancho ;  '  for,  by  reason  I  can  neither  read  nor 
write,  as  I  have  said  once  before,  I  have  not  fallen  rightly 
in  the  rules  and  laws  of  knighthood ;  and  from  henceforth 
my  wallet  shall  be  well  furnished  with  all  kinds  of  dry 
fruits  for  you,  because  you  are  a  knight ;  and  for  myself, 
seeing  I  am  none,  I  will  provide  fowls  and  other  things, 
that  are  of  more  substance.'  *I  say  not,  Sancho,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  that  it  is  a  forcible  law  to  knights-errant 
not  to  eat  any  other  things  than  such  fruits,  but  that  their 


Chap.  Ill  THE  GOATHERDS  6y 

most  ordinary  sustenance  could  be  none  other  than  those, 
and  some  herbs  they  found  up  and  down  the  fields,  which 
they  knew  very  well,  and  so  do  I  also.'  '  It  is  a  virtue,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  to  know  those  herbs ;  for,  as  I  imagine, 
that  knowledge  will  some  day  stand  us  in  stead.'  And, 
saying  so,  he  took  out  the  provision  he  had,  which  they 
both  ate  together  with  good  conformity.  But,  being 
desirous  to  search  out  a  place  where  they  might  lodge  that 
night,  they  did  much  shorten  their  poor  dinner,  and, 
mounting  anon  a-horseback,  they  made  as  much  haste  as 
they  could  to  find  out  some  dwellings  before  the  night 
did  fall;  but  the  sun  and  their  hopes  did  fail  them  at 
once,  they  being  near  the  cabins  of  certain  goatherds ;  and 
therefore  they  concluded  to  take  up  their  lodging  there 
for  that  night :  for,  though  Sancho's  grief  was  great  to 
lie  out  of  a  village,  yet  Don  Quixote's  joy  exceeded  it 
far,  considering  he  must  sleep  under  open  heaven  ; 
because  he  made  account,  as  oft  as  this  befel  him,  that 
he  did  a  worthy  act,  which  did  facilitate  and  ratify 
the  practice  of  his  chivalry. 


CHAPTER  HI 

Of  that  which  passed  between  Don  ^ixote  and  certain 

Goatherds 

He  was  entertained  very  cheerfully  by  the  goatherds ; 
and  Sancho,  having  set  up  Rozinante  and  his  ass  as  well 
as  he  could,  he  presently  repaired  to  the  smell  of  certain 
pieces  of  goat-flesh,  that  stood  boiling  in  a  kettle  over 
the  fire ;  and  although  he  thought,  in  that  very  moment, 
to  try  whether  they  were  in  season  to  be  translated  out 
of  the  kettle  into  the  stomach,  he  did  omit  it,  because 
he  saw  the  herds  take  them  off  the  fire,  and,  spreading 
certain  sheep-skins,  which  they  had  for  that  purpose,  on 
the  ground,  lay  in  a  trice  their  rustical  table,  and  invited 


68  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

the  master  and  man,  with  very  cheerful  mind,  to  come 
and  take  part  of  that  which  they  had.  There  sat  down 
round  about  the  skins  six  of  them,  which  were  all  that 
dwelt  in  that  fold ;  having  first  (using  some  coarse  com- 
pliments) placed  Don  Quixote  upon  a  trough,  turning  the 
bottom  up.  Don  Quixote  sat  down,  and  Sancho  stood  to 
serve  the  cup,  which  was  made  of  horn.  His  master, 
seeing  him  afoot,  said,  '  Sancho,  to  the  end  thou  mayst 
perceive  the  good  included  in  wandering  knighthood,  and 
also  in  what  possibility  they  are  which  exercise  themselves 
in  any  ministry  thereof,  to  arrive  briefly  to  honour  and 
reputation  in  the  world,  my  will  is,  that  thou  dost  sit  here 
by  my  side,  and  in  company  with  this  good  people,  and 
that  thou  beest  one  and  the  very  selfsame  thing  with  me, 
who  am  thy  master  and  natural  lord ;  that  thou  eat  in  my 
dish  and  drink  in  the  same  cup  wherein  I  drink ;  for  the 
same  may  be  said  of  chivalry  that  is  of  love,  to  wit, 
that  it  makes  all  things  equal.'  '  I  yield  you  great  thanks,' 
quoth  Sancho ;  *  yet  dare  I  avouch  unto  you,  that  so  I  had 
therewithal  to  eat  well,  I  could  eat  it  as  well,  or  better, 
standing  and  alone,  than  if  I  sat  by  an  emperor.  And 
besides,  if  I  must  say  the  truth,  methinks  that  which  I  eat 
in  a  corner,  without  ceremonies,  curiosity,  or  respect  of 
any,  though  it  were  but  bread  and  an  onion,  smacks  a 
great  deal  better  than  turkey-cocks  at  other  tables,  where 
I  must  chew  my  meat  leisurely,  drink  but  little,  wipe 
my  hands  often,  must  not  neese  nor  cough  though 
I  have  a  desire,  or  be  like  to  choke,  nor  do  other 
things  that  solitude  and  liberty  bring  with  them.  So 
that,  good  sir,  I  would  have  you  convert  these  honours 
that  you  would  bestow  upon  me,  in  respect  that  I  am 
an  adherent  to  chivalry  (as  I  am,  being  your  squire), 
into  things  more  essential  and  profitable  for  me  than 
these ;  and  though  I  remain  as  thankful  for  them  as  if 
they  were  received,  yet  do  I  here  renounce,  from  this 
time  until  the  world's  end.'  *  For  all  that,  thou  shalt 
sit ;  for  the  humble  shall  be  exalted.'  And  so,  taking 
him  by  the  arm,  he  forced  him  to  sit  down  near 
himself. 


Chap.  Ill  THE  GOLDEN  AGE  69 

The  goatherds  did  not  understand  that  gibberish  of 
squires  and  knights-errant,  and  therefore  did  nothing  else 
but  eat  and  hold  their  peace,  and  look  on  their  guests, 
that  tossed  in  with  their  fists  whole  slices,  with  good  grace 
and  stomachs.  The  course  of  flesh  being  ended,  they 
served  in  on  the  rugs  a  great  quantity  of  shelled  acorns, 
and  half  a  cheese,  harder  than  if  it  were  made  of  rough- 
casting. The  horn  stood  not  the  while  idle ;  for  it  went 
round  about  so  often,  now  full,  now  empty,  much  like  a 
conduit  of  Noria ;  ^  and  in  a  trice  it  emptied  one  of  the 
two  wine-bags  that  lay  there  in  the  public  view.  After 
that  Don  Quixote  had  satisfied  his  appetite  well,  he  took 
up  a  handful  of  acorns,  and,  beholding  them  earnestly,  he 
began  to  discourse  in  this  manner :  '  Happy  time,  and 
fortunate  ages  were  those,  whereon  our  ancestors  bestowed 
the  title  of  golden !  not  because  gold  (so  much  prized  in 
this  our  iron  age)  was  gotten  in  that  happy  time  without 
any  labours,  but  because  those  which  lived  in  that  time 
knew  not  these  two  words,  '  thine  '  and  *  mine  ' ;  in  that 
holy  age  all  things  were  in  common.  No  man  needed, 
for  his  ordinary  sustenance,  to  do  ought  else  than  lift  up 
his  hand,  and  take  it  from  the  strong  oak,  which  did 
liberally  invite  them  to  gather  his  sweet  and  savoury  fruit. 
The  clear  fountains  and  running  rivers  did  ofiFer  them 
these  savoury  and  transparent  waters  in  magnificent  abun- 
dance. In  the  clefts  of  rocks  and  hollow  trees  did  the 
careful  and  discreet  bees  erect  their  commonwealth, 
offering  to  every  hand,  without  interest,  the  fertile  crop 
of  their  sweetest  travails.  The  lofty  cork-trees  did  dismiss 
of  themselves,  without  any  other  art  than  that  of  their 
native  liberality,  their  broad  and  light  rind§ ;  wherewithal 
houses  were  at  first  covered,  being  sustained  by  rustical 
stakes,  to  none  other  end  but  for  to  keep  back  the 
inclemencies  of  the  air.  All  then  was  peace,  all  amity, 
and  all  concord.  As  yet  the  ploughshare  presumed  not, 
with  rude  encounter,  to  open  and  search  the  com- 
passionate bowels  of  our  first  mother;  for  she,  without 
compulsion,    offered    up,    through    all    the    parts   of  her 

^  Arcadu'z.  de  l^oria,  p.  ^6, 


70  DON  QUIXOTE  Book  II 

fertile  and  spacious  bosom,  all  that  which  might 
satisfy,  sustain,  and  delight  those  children  which  it 
then  had.  Yea,  it  was  then  that  the  simple  and 
beautiful  young  shepherdesses  went  from  valley  to 
valley  and  hill  to  hill,  with  their  hair  sometimes  plaited, 
sometimes  dishevelled,  without  other  apparel  than 
that  which  was  requisite  to  cover  comely  that  which 
modesty  wills,  and  ever  would  have,  concealed.  Then 
were  of  no  request  the  attires  and  ornaments  which  are 
now  used  by  those  that  esteem  the  purple  of  Tyre  and  the 
so-many-ways-martyrised  silk  so  much,  but  only  certain 
green  leaves  of  burdocks  and  ivy  intertexed  and  woven 
together  ;  wherewithal,  perhaps,  they  went  as  gorgeously 
and  comely  decked  as  now  our  court  dames,  with  all  their 
rare  and  outlandish  inventions  that  idleness  and  curiosity 
hath  found  out.  Then  were  the  amorous  conceits  of  the 
mind  simply  and  sincerely  delivered,  and  embellished  in  the 
very  form  and  manner  that  she  had  conceived  them, 
without  any  artificial  contexture  of  words  to  endear  them. 
Fraud,  deceit,  or  malice  had  not  then  meddled  themselves 
with  plainness  and  truth.  Justice  was  then  in  her  proper 
terms,  favour  daring  not  to  trouble  or  confound  her,  or 
the  respect  of  profit,  which  do  now  persecute,  blemish,  and 
disturb  her  so  much.  The  law  of  corruption,  or  taking 
bribes,  had  not  yet  possessed  the  understanding  of  the 
judge ;  for  then  was  neither  judge,  nor  person  to  be 
judged.  Maidens  and  honesty  wandered  then,  I  say, 
where  they  listed,  alone,  signiorising,  secure  that  no 
stranger  liberty,  or  lascivious  intent  could  prejudice  it,  or 
their  own  native  desire  or  will  any  way  endamage  it.  But 
now,  in  these  our  detestable  times,  no  damsel  is  safe, 
although  she  be  hid  and  shut  up  in  another  new  labyrinth, 
like  that  of  Crete  ;  for  even  there  itself  the  amorous  plague 
would  enter,  either  by  some  cranny,  or  by  the  air,  or  by 
the  continual  urgings  of  cursed  care,  to  infect  her  ;  for 
whose  protection  and  security  was  first  instituted,  by 
success  of  times,  the  order  of  knighthood,  to  defend 
damsels,  protect  widows,  and  assist  orphans  and  dis- 
tressed wights.     Of  this   order  am  I,  friends  goatherds, 


Chap.  Ill  THE  GOATHERD'S  MUSIC  71 

whom  I  do  heartily  thank  for  the  good  entertainment 
which  you  do  give  unto  me  and  my  squire ;  for  although 
that  every  one  living  is  obliged,  by  the  law  of  nature,  to 
favour  knights-errant,  yet  notwithstanding,  knowing  that 
you  knew  not  this  obligation,  and  yet  did  receive  and  make 
much  of  me,  it  stands  with  all  reason  that  I  do  render  you 
thanks  with  all  my  heart ! ' 

Our  knight  made  this  long  oration  (which  might  have 
been  well  excused),  because  the  acorns  that  were  given 
unto  him  called  to  his  mind  the  golden  world,  and  there- 
fore the  humour  took  him  to  make  the  goatherds  that 
unprofitable  discourse  ;   who   heard  him,  all  amazed  and 
suspended,  with  very  great  attention  all  the  while.     Sancho 
likewise  held  his  peace,  eating  acorns,  and  in  the  meanwhile 
visited  very  often  the  second  wine-bag,  which,  because  it 
might    be    fresh,   was    hanged    upon    a    cork-tree.     Don 
Quixote  had  spent  more  time  in  his  speech  than  in  his 
supper  ;  at  the   end  whereof  one  of  the  goatherds  said, 
'To  the    end   that    you    may  more   assuredly  know,  sir 
knight-errant,  that  we  do  entertain  you  with  prompt  and 
ready  will,  we  will  likewise  make  you  some  pastime,  by 
hearing  one  of  our  companions  sing,  who  is  a  herd  of  good 
understanding,  and  very  amorous  withal,  and  can  besides 
read  and  write,  and  play  so  well  on  a  rebec,  that  there  is 
nothing  to   be  desired.'     Scarce   had  the  goatherd  ended 
his  speech,  when  the  sound  of  the  rebec  touched  his  ear  ; 
and  within  a  while  after  he  arrived  that  played  on  it,  being 
a  youth  of  some  twenty  years  old,  and  one  of  a  very  good 
grace  and  countenance.     His  fellows  demanded  if  he  had 
supped  ;  and,  answering  that  he  had,  he  which  did  offer 
the  courtesy,  said,  'Then,  Anthony,  thou  mayst  do  us  a 
pleasure  by  singing  a  little,  that  this  gentleman  our  guest 
may  see  that  we  enjoy,  amidst  these  groves  and  woods, 
those    that    know    what    music    is.     We    have   told   him 
already  thy  good  qualities,  and  therefore  we  desire  that 
thou  show  them,   to   verify   our  words ;  and  therefore  I 
desire  thee,  by  thy  life,  that  thou  wilt  sit  and  sing  the 
ditty  which  thy  uncle  the  prebendary  made  of  thy  love, 
and  was  so  well  liked  of  in  our  village.'     '  I  am  content,' 


72  DON  QUIXOTE  Book  II 

quoth  the  youth  ;  and,  without  further  entreaty,  sitting 
down  on  the  trunk  of  a  lopped  oak,  he  tuned  his  rebec, 
and  after  a  while  began,  with  a  singular  good  grace,  to  sing 
in  this  manner : 

'  I  know,  Olalia,  thou  dost  me  adore  ! 

Though  yet  to  me  the  same  thou  hast  not  said  ; 
Nor  shown  it  once,  by  one  poor  glance  or  more, 
Since  love  is  soonest  by  such  tongues  bewray'd. 

*  Yet,  'cause  I  ever  held  thee  to  be  wise, 

It  me  assures  thou  bearest  me  good  will  ; 
And  he  is  not  unfortunate  that  sees 
How  his  affections  are  not  taken  ill. 

*  Yet,  for  all  this,  Olalia,  'tis  true  ! 

I,  by  observance,  gather  to  my  woe ; 
Thy  mind  is  framed  of  brass,  by  art  undue. 
And  flint  thy  bosom  is,  though  it  seem  snow. 

*  And  yet,  amidst  thy  rigour's  winter-face. 

And  other  shifts,  thou  usest  to  delay  me. 
Sometimes  hope,  peeping  out,  doth  promise  grace  ; 
But,  woe  is  me  !   I  fear  'tis  to  betray  me. 

*  Sweetest  !   once  in  the  balance  of  thy  mind. 

Poise  with  just  weights  my  faith,  which  never  yet 
Diminish'd,  though  disfavour  it  did  find  ; 

Nor  can  increase  more,  though  thou  favoured'st  it. 

*  If  love  be  courteous  (as  some  men  say). 

By  thy  humanity,  I  must  collect 
My  hopes,  hows'ever  thou  dost  use  delay, 
Shall  reap,  at  last,  the  good  I  do  expect. 

*  If  many  services  be  of  esteem 

Or  power  to  render  a  hard  heart  benign. 
Such  things  I  did  for  thee,  as  make  me  deem 

I  have  the  match  gain'd,  and  thou  shalt  be  mine. 

*  For,  if  at  any  time  thou  hast  ta'en  heed. 

Thou  more  than  once  might'st  view  how  I  was  clad, 
To  honour  thee,  on  Mondays,  with  the  weed 
Which,  worn  on  Sundays,  got  me  credit  had. 

'  For  love  and  brav'ry  still  themselves  consort, 
Because  they  both  shoot  ever  at  one  end  ; 
Which  made  me,  when  I  did  to  thee  ^jesort, 
Still  to  be  neat  and  fine  I  did  contend. 


Chap.  Ill  ANTHONY'S  DITTY  73 

*  Here  I  omit  the  dances  I  have  done, 

And  musics  I  have  at  thy  window  given ; 
When  thou  didst  at  cock-crow  listen  alone, 
And  seem'dst,  hearing  my  voice,  to  be  in  heaven. 

*  I  do  not,  eke,  the  praises  here  recount 

Which  of  thy  beauty  I  so  oft  have  said  ; 
Which,  though  they  all  were  true,  were  likewise  wont 
To  make  the  envious  me  for  spite  upbraid. 

*  When  to  Teresa,  she  of  Berrocal, 

I,  of  thy  worth,  discourse  did  sometime  shape : 
*'  Good  God  !  "  quoth  she,  "  you  seem  an  angel's  thrall. 
And  yet,  for  idol,  you  adore  an  ape. 

'"She  to  her  bugles  thanks  may  give,  and  chains, 
False  hair,  and  other  shifts  that  she  doth  use 
To  mend  her  beauty,  with  a  thousand  pains 

And  guiles,  which  might  love's  very  self  abuse." 

*  Wroth  at  her  words,  I  gave  her  straight  the  lie. 

Which  did  her  and  her  cousin  so  offend, 
As  me  to  fight  he  challenged  presently, 
And  well  thou  know'st  of  our  debate  the  end. 

*  I  mean  not  thee  to  purchase  at  a  clap. 

Nor  to  that  end  do  I  thy  favour  sue  ; 
Thereby  thine  honour  either  to  entrap. 
Or  thee  persuade  to  take  courses  undue. 

*  The  Church  hath  bands  which  do  so  surely  hold, 

As  no  silk  string  for  strength  comes  to  them  near  ; 
To  thrust  thy  neck  once  in  the  yoke  be  bold, 
And  see  if  I,  to  follow  thee,  will  fear. 

*  If  thou  wilt  not,  here  solemnly  I  vow. 

By  holiest  saint,  enwrapt  in  precious  shrine, 
Never  to  leave  those  hills  where  I  dwell  now, 
If't  be  not  to  become  a  Capucine.' 

Here  the  goatherd  ended  his  ditty,  and  although  Don 
Quixote  entreated  him  to  sing  somewhat  else,  yet  would 
not  Sancho  Panza  consent  to  it ;  who  was  at  that  time 
better  disposed  to  sleep  than  to  hear  music ;  and  therefore 
said  to  his  master,  '  You  had  better  provide  yourself  of  a 
place  wherein  to  sleep  this  night  than  to  hear  music  ;  for 
the  labour  that  these  good  men  endure  all  the  day  long 


74  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

doth  not  permit  that  they  likewise  spend  the  night  in  sing- 
ing,' '  I  understand  thee  well  enough,  Sancho,'  answered 
Don  Quixote  ;  '  nor  did  I  think  less,  but  that  thy  manifold 
visitations  of  the  wine-bottle  would  rather  desire  to  be 
recompensed  with  sleep  than  with  music/  '  The  wine 
liked  us  all  well,'  quoth  Sancho.  '  I  do  not  deny  it,'  re- 
plied Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  go  thou  and  lay  thee  down 
where  thou  pleasest,  for  it  becomes  much  more  men  of 
my  profession  to  watch  than  to  sleep.  Yet,  notwithstand- 
ing, it  will  not  be  amiss  to  lay  somewhat  again  to  mine  ear, 
for  it  grieves  me  very  much.'  One  of  the  goatherds,  be- 
holding the  hurt,  bade  him  be  of  good  cheer,  for  he  would 
apply  a  remedy  that  should  cure  it  easily.  And,  taking 
some  rosemary-leaves  of  many  that  grew  thereabouts,  he 
hewed  them,  and  after  mixed  a  little  salt  among  them  ; 
and,  applying  this  medicine  to  the  ear,  he  bound  it  up  well 
with  a  cloth,  assuring  him  that  he  needed  to  use  no  other 
medicine  ;  as  it  proved  after,  in  effect. 


CHAPTER  IV 

Of  that  which  one  of  the  Goatherds  recounted  to  those  that 
were  with  Don  ^ixote 

About  this  time  arrived  another  youth,  one  of  those  that 
brought  them  provision  from  the  village,  who  said,  '  Com- 
panions, do  not  you  know  what  passeth  in  the  village  } ' 
'  How  can  we  know  it,  being  absent } '  says  another  of 
them.  '  Then,  wit,'  quoth  the  youth,  '  that  the  famous 
shepherd  and  student,  Chrysostom,  died  this  morning,  and 
they  murmur  that  he  died  for  love  of  that  devilish  lass 
Marcela,  William  the  Rich  his  daughter,  she  that  goes  up 
and  down  these  plains  and  hills  among  us,  in  the  habit  of 
a  shepherdess.'  '  Dost  thou  mean  Marcela  } '  quoth  one 
of  them.  '  Even  her,  I  say,'  answered  the  other  ;  '  and 
the  jest  is,  that  he  hath  commanded,  in  his  testament,  that 


Chap.  IV       CHRYSOSTOM  AND  MARCELA  75 

he  be  buried  in  the  fields,  as  if  he  were  a  Moor  ;  and  that 
it  be  at  the  foot  of  the  rock,  where  the  fountain  stands  off 
the  cork-tree  ;  for  that,  according  to  fame,  and  as  they  say- 
he  himself  affirmed,  was  the  place  wherein  he  viewed  her 
first.  And  he  hath  Hkewise  commanded  such  other  things 
to  be  done,  as  the  ancienter  sort  of  the  village  do  not 
allow,  nor  think  fit  to  be  performed  ;  for  they  seem  to  be 
ceremonies  of  the  Gentiles.  To  all  which  objections,  his 
great  friend,  Ambrosio  the  student,  who  likewise  apparelled 
himself  like  a  shepherd  at  once  with  him,  answers,  that  all 
shall  be  accomplished,  without  omission  of  anything,  as 
Chrysostom  hath  ordained  ;  and  all  the  village  is  in  an 
uproar  about  this  affair  ;  and  yet  it  is  said  that  what  Am- 
brosio and  all  the  other  shepherds  his  friends  do  pretend, 
shall  in  fine  be  done  ;  and  to-morrow  morning  they  will 
come  to  the  place  I  have  named,  to  bury  him  with  great 
pomp.  And  as  I  suppose  it  will  be  a  thing  worthy  the 
seeing,  at  leastwise  I  will  not  omit  to  go  and  behold  it, 
although  I  were  sure  that  I  could  not  return  the  same  day 
to  the  village.'  '  We  will  all  do  the  same,'  quoth  the 
goatherds,  *  and  will  draw  lots  who  shall  tarry  here  to  keep 
all  our  herds.'  '  Thou  sayst  well,  Peter,'  quoth  one  of 
them,  *  although  that  labour  may  be  excused  ;  for  I  mean 
to  stay  behind  for  you  all,  which  you  must  not  attribute 
to  any  virtue,  or  little  curiosity  in  me,  but  rather  to  the 
fork  that  pricked  my  foot  the  other  day,  and  makes  me 
unable  to  travel  from  hence.'  '  We  do  thank  thee,  not- 
withstanding,' quoth  Peter,  '  for  thy  good-will.'  And 
Don  Quixote,  who  heard  all  their  discourse,  entreated 
Peter  to  tell  him  who  that  dead  man  was,  and  what  the 
shepherdess  of  whom  they  spoke. 

Peter  made  answer,  that  what  he  knew  of  the  affair  was, 
*  that  the  dead  person  was  a  rich  gentleman  of  a  certain 
village  seated  among  those  mountains,  who  had  studied 
many  years  in  Salamanca,  and  after  returned  home  to  his 
house,  with  the  opinion  to  be  a  very  wise  and  learned 
man  ;  but  principally  it  was  reported  of  him,  that  he  was 
skilful  in  astronomy,  and  all  that  which  passed  above  in 
heaven,  in  the  sun  and  the  moon,  for  he  would  tell  us 


^6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

most  punctually  the  clipse  of  the  sun  and  the  moon.' 
'  Friend/  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  the  darkening  of  these 
two  great  luminaries  is  called  an  eclipse,  not  a  clipse.' 
But  Peter,  stopping  not  at  those  trifles,  did  prosecute  his 
history,  saying,  '  He  did  also  prognosticate  when  the  year 
would  be  abundant  or  estile.'  '  Thou  wouldst  say  sterile,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Sterile  or  estile,'  said  Peter,  '  all  is 
one  for  my  purpose.  And  I  say  that,  by  his  words,  his 
father  and  his  other  friends,  that  gave  credit  to  him, 
became  very  rich  ;  for  they  did  all  that  he  counselled 
them  :  who  would  say  unto  them.  Sow  barley  this  year, 
and  no  wheat  ;  in  this,  you  may  sow  peas,  and  no  barley  ; 
the  next  year  will  be  good  for  oil ;  the  three  ensuing,  you 
shall  not  gather  a  drop.'  '  That  science  is  called  astrology,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  I  know  not  how  it  is  called,'  replied 
Peter ;  *  but  I  know  well  he  knew  all  this,  and  much  more. 

*  Finally,  a  few  months  after  he  came  from  Salamanca,  he 
appeared  one  day  apparelled  like  a  shepherd,  with  his 
flock,  and  leather  coat,  having  laid  aside  the  long  habits 
that  he  wore,  being  a  scholar  ;  and  jointly  with  him  came 
also  a  great  friend  of  his  and  fellow-student,  called 
Ambrosio,  apparelled  like  a  shepherd.  I  did  almost 
forget  to  tell  how  Chrysostom,  the  dead  man,  was  a  great 
maker  of  verses  ;  insomuch  that  he  made  the  carols  of 
Christmas  Day  at  night,  and  the  plays  for  Corpus  Christi 
Day,  which  the  youths  of  our  village  did  represent,  and  all 
of  them  affirmed  that  they  were  most  excellent.  When 
those  of  the  village  saw  the  two  scholars  so  suddenly  clad 
like  shepherds,  they  were  amazed,  and  could  not  guess  the 
cause  that  moved  them  to  make  so  wonderful  a  change. 
And  about  this  time  Chrysostom' s  father  died,  and  he 
remained  possessed  of  a  great  deal  of  goods,  as  well 
moveable  as  immoveable  ;  and  no  little  quantity  of  cattle, 
great  and  small,  and  also  a  great  sum  of  money  ;  of  all 
which  the  young  man  remained  a  dissolute  lord.  And  truly 
he  deserved  it  all ;  for  he  was  a  good  fellow,  charitable, 
and  a  friend  of  good  folk,  and  he  had  a  face  like  a 
blessing.  It  came  at  last  to  be  understood,  that  the  cause 
of  changing  his  habit  was  none  other  than  for  to  go  up 


Chap.  IV       CHRYSOSTOM  AND  MARCELA  77 

and  down  through  these  deserts  after  the  shepherdess 
Marcela,  whom  our  herd  named  before  ;  of  whom  the 
poor  dead  Chrysostom  was  become  enamoured.  And  I 
will  tell  you  now,  because  it  is  fit  you  should  know  it, 
what  this  wanton  lass  is  ;  perhaps,  and  I  think  without 
perhaps,  you  have  not  heard  the  like  thing  in  all  the 
days  of  your  life,  although  you  had  lived  more  years  than 
Sarna/  '  Say  Sarra,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  being  not  able 
any  longer  to  hear  him  to  change  one  word  for  another. 

'  The  Sarna,  or  scab,'  quoth  Peter,  *  lives  long  enough  too. 
And  if  you  go  thus,  sir,  interrupting  my  tale  at  every 
pace,  we  shall  not  be  able  to  end  it  in  a  year.'  '  Pardon 
me,  friend,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  I  speak  to  thee  by 
reason  there  was  such  difference  between  Sarna  and  Sarra. 
But  thou  dost  answer  well ;  for  the  Sarna  or  Scab  lives 
longer  than  Sarra.  And  therefore  prosecute  thy  history  ; 
for  I  will  not  interrupt  thee  any  more.'  '  I  say,  then,  dear 
sir  of  my  soul,'  quoth  the  goatherd,  *  that  there  was,  in 
our  village,  a  farmer  that  was  yet  richer  than  Chrysostom's 
father,  who  was  called  William,  to  whom  fortune  gave,  in 
the  end  of  his  great  riches,  a  daughter  called  Marcela,  of 
whose  birth  her  mother  died,  who  was  the  best  woman 
that  dwelt  in  all  this  circuit.  Methinks  I  do  now  see  her 
quick  before  me,  with  that  face  which  had  on  the  one  side 
the  sun  and  on  the  other  side  the  moon  ;  and  above  all, 
she  was  a  thrifty  housewife,  and  a  great  friend  to  the  poor  ; 
for  which  I  believe  that  her  soul  is  this  very  hour  enjoy- 
ing of  the  gods  in  the  other  world.  For  grief  of  the  loss 
of  so  good  a  wife,  her  husband  William  likewise  died, 
leaving  his  daughter  Marcela,  young  and  rich,  in  the 
custody  of  his  uncle,  who  was  a  priest,  and  curate  of  our 
village.  The  child  grew  with  such  beauty  as  it  made  us 
remember  that  of  her  mother,  which  was  very  great ;  and 
yet,  notwithstanding,  they  judged  that  the  daughter's 
would  surpass  hers,  as  indeed  it  did  ;  for  when  she 
arrived  to  the  age  of  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  old,  no 
man  beheld  her  that  did  not  bless  God  for  making  her  so 
fair,  and  most  men  remained  enamoured  and  cast  away 
for  her  love.     Her  uncle  kept  her  with  very  great  care 


7^  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

and  closeness  ;  and  yet,  nevertheless,  the  fame  of  her 
great  beauty  did  spread  itself  in  such  sort  that,  as  well  for 
it  as  for  her  great  riches,  her  uncle  was  not  only  requested 
by  those  of  our  village,  but  also  was  prayed,  solicited, 
and  importuned  by  all  those  that  dwelt  many  leagues 
about,  and  that  by  the  very  best  of  them,  to  give  her 
to  them  in  marriage.  But  he  (who  is  a  good  Christian, 
every  inch  of  him),  although  he  desired  to  marry  her 
presently,  as  soon  as  she  was  of  age,  yet  would  he  not 
do  it  without  her  good-will,  without  ever  respecting  the 
gain  and  profit  he  might  make  by  the  possession  of  her 
goods  whilst  he  desired  her  marriage.  And,  in  good 
sooth,  this  was  spoken  of,  to  the  good  priest  his  com- 
mendation, in  more  than  one  meeting  of  the  people  of 
our  village  ;  for  I  would  have  you  to  wit,  sir  errant, 
that  in  these  little  villages  they  talk  of  all  things,  and 
make  account,  as  I  do,  that  the  priest  must  have  been 
too  good  who  could  oblige  his  parishioners  to  speak  so 
well  of  him,  and  especially  in  the  villages.'  '  Thou  hast 
reason,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  and  therefore  follow  on, 
for  the  history  is  very  pleasant,  and  thou,  good  Peter, 
dost  recount  it  with  a  very  good  grace.'  '  I  pray  God,' 
said  Peter,  *  that  I  never  want  our  Herd's  ;  for  it  is  that 
which  makes  to  the  purpose.  And  in  the  rest  you  shall 
understand,  that  although  her  uncle  propounded,  and 
told  to  his  niece  the  quality  of  every  wooer  of  the  many 
that  desired  her  for  wife,  and  entreated  her  to  marry 
and  choose  at  her  pleasure,  yet  would  she  never  answer 
other  but  that  she  would  not  marry  as  then,  and  that, 
in  respect  of  her  over  green  years,  she  did  not  find 
herself  able  enough  yet  to  bear  the  burden  of  marriage. 
With  these  just  excuses  which  she  seemed  to  give,  her 
uncle  left  off  importuning  of  her,  and  did  expect  until  she 
were  further  entered  into  years,  and  that  she  might  know 
how  to  choose  one  that  might  like  her ;  for  he  was  wont 
to  say,  and  that  very  well,  that  parents  were  not  to  place 
or  bestow  their  children  where  they  bore  no  liking.  But, 
see  here  !  when  we  least  imagined  it,  the  coy  Marcela 
appeared    one    morning   to    become  a  shepherdess;    and 


Chap.  IV       CHRYSOSTOM  AND  MARCELA  79 

neither  her  uncle,  nor  all  those  of  the  village  which  dis- 
suaded her  from  it,  could  work  any  effect,  but  she  would 
needs  go  to  the  fields,  and  keep  her  own  sheep  with  the 
other  young  lasses  of  the  town.  And  she  coming  thus  in 
public,  when  her  beauty  was  seen  without  hindrance,  I 
cannot  possibly  tell  unto  you  how  many  rich  youths,  as 
well  gentlemen  as  farmers,  have  taken  on  them  the  habit 
of  Chrysostom,  and  follow,  wooing  of  her,  up  and  down 
those  fields;  one  of  which,  as  is  said  already,  was  our 
dead  man,  of  whom  it  is  said,  that  leaving  to  love  her,  he 
had  at  last  made  her  his  idol.  Nor  is  it  to  be  thought 
that  because  Marcela  set  herself  in  that  liberty,  and  so 
loose  a  life,  and  of  so  little  or  no  keeping,  that  therefore 
she  hath  given  the  least  token  or  shadow  of  dishonesty  or 
negligence.  Nay,  rather,  such  is  the  watchfulness  where- 
withal she  looks  to  her  honour,  that  among  so  many  as 
serve  and  solicit  her,  not  one  hath  praised  or  can  justly 
vaunt  himself  to  have  received,  at  her  hands,  the  least 
hope  that  may  be  to  obtain  his  desires ;  for,  although  she 
did  not  fly  or  shun  the  company  and  conversation  of 
shepherds,  and  doth  use  them  courteously  and  friendly, 
whensoever  any  one  of  them  begin  to  discover  their  in- 
tention, be  it  ever  so  just  and  holy,  as  that  of  matrimony, 
she  casts  them  away  from  her,  as  with  a  sling. 

'And  with  this  manner  of  proceeding  she  does  more 
harm  in  this  country  than  if  the  plague  had  entered  into  it 
by  her  means ;  for  her  affability  and  beauty  doth  draw  to 
it  the  hearts  of  those  which  do  serve  and  love  her,  but 
her  disdain  and  resolution  do  conduct  them  to  terms  of 
desperation.  And  so  they  know  not  what  to  say  unto 
her,  but  to  call  her  with  a  loud  voice  cruel  and  ungrateful, 
with  other  titles  like  unto  this,  which  do  clearly  manifest 
the  nature  of  her  condition ;  and,  sir,  if  you  stayed  here 
but  a  few  days,  you  should  hear  these  mountains  resound 
with  the  lamentations  of  those  wretches  that  follow  her. 
There  is  a  certain  place  not  far  off,  wherein  are  about  two 
dozen  of  beech-trees,  and  there  is  not  any  one  of  them  in 
whose  rind  is  not  engraven  Marcela's  name,  and  over 
some  names  graven  also  a  crown  in  the  same  tree,  as  if  her 


8o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

lover  would  plainly  denote  that  Marcela  bears  it  away,  and 
deserves  the  garland  of  all  human  beauty.  Here  sighs  one 
shepherd,  there  another  complains ;  in  another  place  are 
heard  amorous  ditties ;  here,  in  another,  doleful  and 
despairing  laments.  Some  one  there  is  that  passeth  over 
all  the  whole  hours  of  the  night  at  the  foot  of  an  oak 
or  rock,  and,  without  folding  once  his  weeping  eyes, 
swallowed  and  transported  by  his  thoughts,  the  sun  finds 
him  there  in  the  morning ;  and  some  other  there  is,  who, 
without  giving  way  or  truce  to  his  sighs,  doth,  amidst 
the  fervour  of  the  most  fastidious  heat  of  the  summer, 
stretched  upon  the  burning  sand,  breathe  his  pitiful  com- 
plaints to  heaven.  And  of  this,  and  of  him,  and  of  those, 
and  these,  the  beautiful  Marcela  doth  indifferently  and 
quietly  triumph.  All  we  that  know  her  do  wait  to  see 
wherein  this  her  loftiness  will  finish,  or  who  shall  be  so 
happy  as  to  gain  dominion  over  so  terrible  a  condition, 
and  enjoy  so  peerless  a  beauty.  And  because  all  that  I 
have  recounted  is  so  notorious  a  truth,  it  makes  me  more 
easily  believe  that  our  companion  hath  told,  that  is  said  of 
the  occasion  of  Chrysostom's  death ;  and  therefore  I  do 
counsel  you,  sir,  that  you  do  not  omit  to  be  present 
to-morrow  at  his  burial,  which  will  be  worthy  the  seeing ; 
for  Chrysostom  hath  many  friends,  and  the  place  wherein 
he  commanded  himself  to  be  buried  is  not  half  a  league 
from  hence.'  *  I  do  mean  to  be  there,'  said  Don  Quixote; 
*  and  do  render  thee  many  thanks  for  the  delight  thou  hast 
given  me  by  the  relation  of  so  pleasant  a  history.'  *  Oh,' 
quoth  the  goatherd,  '  I  do  not  yet  know  the  half  of  the 
adventures  succeeded  to  Marcela's  lovers ;  but  peradven- 
ture  we  may  meet  some  shepherd  on  the  way  to-morrow 
that  will  tell  them  unto  us.  And  for  the  present  you  will 
do  well  to  go  take  your  rest  under  some  roof,  for  the  air 
might  hurt  your  wound,  although  the  medicine  be  such 
that  I  have  applied  to  it  that  any  contrary  accidents  need 
not  much  to  be  feared.'  Sancho  Panza,  being  wholly  out 
of  patience  with  the  goatherd's  long  discourse,  did  solicit, 
for  his  part,  his  master  so  effectually  as  he  brought  him  at 
last  into  Peter's  cabin,  to   take  his  rest  for  that  night; 


Chap.  V  CHRYSOSTOM'S   BURIAL  8i 

whereinto,  after  he  had  entered,  he  bestowed  the  remnant 
of  the  night  in  remembrances  of  his  Lady  Dulcinea,  in 
imitation  of  Marcela's  lovers.  Sancho  Panza  did  lay  him- 
self down  between  Rozinante  and  his  ass,  and  slept  it  out, 
not  like  a  disfavoured  lover,  but  like  a  man  stamped  and 
bruised  with  tramplings. 


CHAPTER  V 

Wherein  is  finished  the  History  of  the  Shepherdess  Marcela^ 
with  other  Accidents 

But  scarce  had  the  day  begun  to  discover  itself  by  the 
oriental  windows,  when  five  of  the  six  goatherds  arising, 
went  to  awake  Don  Quixote,  and  demanded  of  him 
whether  he  yet  intended  to  go  to  Chrysostom's  burial, 
and  that  they  would  accompany  him.  Don  Quixote,  that 
desired  nothing  more,  got  up,  and  commanded  Sancho  to 
saddle  and  empannel  in  a  trice  ;  which  he  did  with  great 
expedition,  and  with  the  like  they  all  presently  began  their 
journey.  And  they  had  not  yet  gone  a  quarter  of  a 
league,  when,  at  the  crossing  of  a  pathway,  they  saw  six 
shepherds  coming  towards  them,  apparelled  with  black 
skins,  and  crowned  with  garlands  of  cypress  and  bitter 
enula  campana.  Every  one  of  them  carried  in  his  hand  a 
thick  truncheon  of  elm.  There  came  likewise  with  them 
two  gentlemen  a-horseback,  very  well  furnished  for  the 
way,  with  other  three  lackeys  that  attended  on  them. 
And,  as  soon  as  they  encountered,  they  saluted  one 
another  courteously,  and  demanded  whither  they  travelled; 
and  knowing  that  they  all  went  towards  the  place  of  the 
burial,  they  began  their  journey  together.  One  of  the 
horsemen,  speaking  to  his  companion,  said,  *  I  think,  Mr. 
Vivaldo,  we  shall  account  the  time  well  employed  that 
we  shall  stay  to  see  this  so  famous  an  entertainment  ;  for 
it  cannot  choose  but  be  famous,  according  to  the  wonder- 


82  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

ful  things  these  shepherds  have  recounted  unto  us,  as  well 
of  the  dead  shepherd  as  also  of  the  murdering  shepherdess/ 
'  It  seems  so  to  me  likewise,'  quoth  Vivaldo  ;  '  and  I  say, 
I  would  not  only  stay  one  day,  but  a  whole  week,  rather 
than  miss  to  behold  it.'  Don  Quixote  demanded  of  them 
what  they  had  heard  of  Marcela  and  Chrysostom.  The 
traveller  answered  that  they  had  encountered  that  morning 
with  those  shepherds,  and  that,  by  reason  they  had  seen 
them  apparelled  in  that  mournful  attire,  they  demanded 
of  them  the  occasion  thereof,  and  one  of  them  rehearsed 
it,  recounting  the  strangeness  and  beauty  of  a  certain 
shepherdess  called  Marcela,  and  the  amorous  pursuits  of 
her  by  many,  with  the  death  of  that  Chrysostom  to  whose 
burial  they  rode.  Finally,  he  told  all  that  again  to  him 
that  Peter  had  told  the  night  before. 

This  discourse  thus  ended,  another  began,  and  was, 
that  he  who  was  called  Vivaldo  demanded  of  Don  Quixote 
the  occasion  that  moved  him  to  travel  thus  armed 
through  so  peaceable  a  country.  To  whom  Don  Quixote 
answered  :  '  The  profession  of  my  exercise  doth  not 
license  or  permit  me  to  do  other.  Good  days,  cockering, 
and  ease  were  invented  for  soft  courtiers  ;  but  travels, 
unrest,  and  arms  were  only  invented  and  made  for  those 
which  the  world  terms  knights-errant,  of  which  number  I 
myself  (although  unworthy)  am  one,  and  the  least  of  all.' 
Scarce  had  they  heard  him  say  this,  when  they  all  held 
him  to  be  wood.  And,  to  find  out  the  truth  better, 
Vivaldo  did  ask  him  again  what  meant  the  word  knights- 
errant.  '  Have  you  not  read,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  the  histories  and  annals  of  England,  wherein  are  treated 
the  famous  acts  of  King  Arthur,  whom  we  continually  call, 
in  our  Castilian  romance.  King  Artus  ?  of  whom  it  is  an 
ancient  and  common  tradition,  in  the  kingdom  of  Great 
Britain,  that  he  never  died,  but  that  he  was  turned,  by  art 
of  enchantment,  into  a  crow  ;  and  that,  in  process  of  time, 
he  shall  return  again  to  reign,  and  recover  his  sceptre  and 
kingdom  ;  for  which  reason  it  cannot  be  proved  that,  ever 
since  that  time  until  this,  any  Englishman  hath  killed  a 
crow.     In  this  good  king's  time  was  first  instituted  the 


Chap.  V  KNIGHT-ERRANTRY  83 

famous  order  of  knighthood  of  the  Knights  of  the  Round 
Table,  and  the  love  that  is  there  recounted  did  in  every 
respect  pass  as  it  is  laid  down  between  Sir  Launcelot  du 
Lake  and  Queen  Genever,  the  honourable  Lady  Quin- 
taniona  being  a  dealer,  and  privy  thereto  ;  whence  sprung 
that  so  famous  a  ditty,  and  so  celebrated  here  in  Spain,  of, 
"  Never  was  knight  of  ladies  so  well  served  as  Launcelot 
when  that  he  in  Britain  arrived,"  etc.,  with  that  progress 
so  sweet  and  delightful  of  his  amorous  and  valiant  acts  ; 
and  from  that  time  forward,  the  order  of  knight  went 
from  hand  to  hand,  dilating  and  spreading  itself  through 
many  and  sundry  parts  of  the  world  ;  and  in  it  were, 
famous  and  renowned  for  their  feats  of  arms,  the  valiant 
Amadis  of  Gaul,  with  all  his  progeny  until  the  fifth 
generation  ;  and  the  valorous  Felixmarte  of  Hircania,  and 
the  never-duly-praised  Tirante  the  White,  together  with 
Sir  Bevis  of  Hampton,  Sir  Guy  of  Warwick,  Sir  Eglemore, 
with  divers  others  of  that  nation  and  age  ;  and  almost  in 
our  days  we  saw,  and  communed,  and  heard  of  the 
invincible  and  valiant  knight,  Don  Belianis  of  Greece. 
This,  then,  good  sirs,  is  to  be  a  knight-errant ;  and  that 
which  I  have  said  is  the  order  of  chivalry  :  wherein,  as  I 
have  already  said,  I,  although  a  sinner,  have  made 
profession,  and  the  same  do  I  profess  that  those  knights 
professed  whom  I  have  above  mentioned  ;  and  therefore  I 
travel  through  these  solitudes  and  deserts,  seeking  adven- 
tures, with  full  resolution  to  offer  mine  own  arm  and 
person  to  the  most  dangerous  that  fortune  shall  present, 
in  the  aid  of  weak  and  needy  persons.* 

By  these  reasons  of  Don  Quixote's  the  travellers  per- 
fectly perceived  that  he  was  none  of  the  wisest ;  and  knew 
the  kind  of  folly  wherewithal  he  was  crossed  whereat  those 
remained  wonderfully  admired,  that  by  the  relation  of  the 
others  came  to  understand  it. 

And  Vivaldo,  who  was  very  discreet,  and  likewise  of 
a  pleasant  disposition,  to  the  end  they  might  pass  over 
the  rest  of  the  way  without  heaviness  unto  the  rock  of 
the  burial,  which  the  shepherds  said  was  near  at  hand, 
he  resolved  to  give  him  further  occasion  to  pass  onward 


84  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

with  his  follies,  and  therefore  said  unto  him,  '  Methinks, 
sir   knight,   that  you    have    professed    one    of  the    most 
austere  professions  in  the  world ;  and  I  do  constantly  hold 
that  even  that  of   the    Charterhouse  monks  is  not  near 
so    strait/      '  It    may    be    as    strait    as    our    profession,' 
quoth  Don   Quixote,  '  but  that  it  should  be  so  necessary 
for  the  world,  I  am  within  the  breadth  of  two  fingers  to 
call  it  in  doubt ;  for,  if  we  would  speak  a  truth,  the  soldier 
that  puts  in  execution  his  captain's  command  doth  no  less 
than  the  very  captain  that  commands  him.     Hence  I  infer, 
that  religious  men  do  with  all  peace  and  quietness  seek 
of  Heaven  the  good  of  the  earth  ;  but  soldiers  and  we 
knights  do  put    in   execution   that  which    they  demand, 
defending  it  with  the  valour  of  our  arms  and  files  of  our 
swords  ;  not  under  any  roof,  but  under  the  wide  heavens, 
made,  as  it  were,  in  summer  a  mark  to  the  insupportable 
sunbeams,  and  in  winter  to  the  rage  of  withering  frosts. 
So   that  we  are  the   ministers  of  God  on  earth,  and  the 
armies  wherewith  He  executeth  His  justice  ;  and  as  the 
affairs  of  war,  and  things  thereunto  pertaining,  cannot  be 
put  in  execution  without  sweat,    labour,   and    travail,   it 
follows  that  those  which  profess    warfare  take,  question- 
less, greater  pain  than  those  which,  in  quiet,  peace,  and 
rest,  do   pray  unto  God  that   He  will  favour  and  assist 
those  that  need  it.     I  mean  not  therefore  to  affirm,  nor 
doth  it  once  pass  through  my  thought,  that  the  state  of  a 
knight-errant  is  as  perfect  as  that  of  a  retired  religious 
man,  but  only  would  infer,  through  that  which  I  myself 
suffer,  that  it  is  doubtlessly  more  laborious,  more  battered, 
hungry,    thirsty,    miserable,    torn,    and  lousy.      For    the 
knights-errant  of  times  past  did,  without  all  doubt,  suffer 
much  woe  and  misery  in  the  discourse  of  their  life  ;  and 
if  some  of  them  ascended  at  last  to  empires,  won  by  the 
force  of  their  arms,  in  good  faith,  it  cost  them  a  great  part 
of  their   sweat  and  blood ;  and  if  those  which  mounted 
to  so  high  a  degree  had  wanted  those  enchanters  and  wise 
men  that  assisted  them,  they  would  have  remained  much 
defrauded  of  their  desires,  and  greatly  deceived  of  their 
hopes.'     'I  am  of  the  same  opinion,'  replied  the  traveller ; 


Chap.  V  KNIGHT-ERRANTRY  85 

*but  one  thing  among  many  others  hath  seemed  to  me 
very  ill  in  knights-errant,  which  is,  when  they  per- 
ceive themselves  in  any  occasion  to  begin  any  great  and 
dangerous  adventure,  in  which  appears  manifest  peril  of 
losing  their  lives,  they  never,  in  the  instant  of  attempt- 
ing it,  remember  to  commend  themselves  to  God,  as 
every  Christian  is  bound  to  do  in  like  dangers,  but  rather 
do  it  to  their  ladies,  with  so  great  desire  and  devotion  as 
if  they  were  their  gods — a  thing  which,  in  my  opinion, 
smells  of  Gentilism/  'Sir,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *they 
can  do  no  less  in  any  wise,  and  the  knight-errant  which 
did  any  other  would  digress  much  from  his  duty;  for 
now  it  is  a  received  use  and  custom  of  errant  chivalry, 
that  the  knight  adventurous  who,  attempting  of  any  great 
feat  of  arms,  shall  have  his  lady  in  place,  do  mildly 
and  amorously  turn  his  eyes  towards  her,  as  it  were  by 
them  demanding  that  she  do  favour  and  protect  him  in 
that  ambiguous  trance  which  he  undertakes ;  and,  more- 
over, if  none  do  hear  him,  he  is  bound  to  say  certain 
words  between  his  teeth,  by  which  he  shall,  with  all  his 
heart,  commend  himself  to  her  :  and  of  this  we  have  in- 
numerable examples  in  histories.  Nor  is  it  therefore  to  be 
understood  that  they  do  omit  to  commend  themselves  to 
God ;  for  they  have  time  and  leisure  enough  to  do  it  in 
the  progress  of  the  work/ 

'  For  all  that,'  replied  the  traveller,  '  there  remains  in 
me  yet  one  scruple,  which  is,  that  oftentimes,  as  I  have 
read,  some  speech  begins  between  two  knights-errant, 
and  from  one  word  to  another  their  choler  begins  to  be 
inflamed,  and  they  to  turn  their  horses,  and  to  take  up 
a  good  piece  of  the  field,  and,  without  any  more  ado,  to 
run  as  fast  as  ever  they  can  drive  to  encounter  again, 
and,  in  the  midst  of  their  race,  do  commend  themselves 
to  their  dames  ;  and  that  which  commonly  ensues  of  this 
encountering  is,  that  one  of  them  falls  down,  thrown 
over  the  crupper  of  his  horse,  passed  through  and  through 
by  his  enemy's  lance  ;  and  it  befalls  the  other  that,  if  he 
had  not  caught  fast  of  his  horse's  mane,  he  had  likewise 
fallen  ;  and  I  here  cannot  perceive  how  he  that  is  slain 


86  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  n 

had  any  leisure  to  commend  himself  unto  God  in  the 
discourse  of  this  so  accelerate  and  hasty  a  work.  Methinks 
it  were  better  that  those  words  which  he  spent  in  his  race 
on  his  lady  v/ere  bestowed  as  they  ought,  and  as  every 
Christian  is  bound  to  bestow  them  ;  and  the  rather, 
because  I  conjecture  that  all  knights-errant  have  not 
ladies  to  whom  they  may  commend  themselves,  for  all 
of  them  are  not  amorous/ 

*  That  cannot  be,'  answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  I  say  it 
cannot  be  that  there's  any  knight-errant  without  a  lady  ; 
for  it  is  as  proper  and  essential  to  such  to  be  enamoured 
as  to  heaven  to  have  stars  :  and  I  dare  warrant  that  no 
history  hath  yet  been  seen  wherein  is  found  a  knight- 
errant  without  love  ;  for,  by  the  very  reason  that  he  were 
found  without  them,  he  would  be  convinced  to  be  no 
legitimate  knight,  but  a  bastard  ;  and  that  he  entered  into 
the  fortress  of  chivalry,  not  by  the  gate,  but  by  leaping 
over  the  staccado  like  a  robber  and  a  thief.' 

*  Yet,  notwithstanding,'  replied  the  other,  *  I  have  read 
(if  I  do  not  forget  myself)  that  Don  Galaor,  brother 
to  the  valorous  Amadis  de  Gaul,  had  never  any  certain 
mistress  to  whom  he  might  commend  himself ;  and  yet, 
for  all  that,  he  was  nothing  less  accounted  of,  and  was  a 
most  valiant  and  famous  knight.'  To  that  objection 
our  Don  Quixote  answered  :  '  One  swallow  makes  not  a 
summer.  How  much  more  that  I  know,  that  the  knight 
whom  you  allege  was  secretly  very  much  enamoured  ; 
besides  that,  that  his  inclination  of  loving  all  ladies  well, 
which  he  thought  were  fair,  was  a  natural  inclination, 
which  he  could  not  govern  so  well ;  but  it  is,  in  con- 
clusion, sufficiently  verified,  that  yet  he  had  one  lady 
whom  he  crowned  queen  of  his  will,  to  whom  he  did 
also  commend  himself  very  often  and  secretly  ;  for  he  did 
not  a  little  glory  to  be  so  secret  in  his  loves.' 

*  Then,  sir,  if  it  be  of  the  essence  of  all  knights-errant 
to  be  in  love,'  quoth  the  traveller,  '  then  may  it  likewise 
be  presumed  that  you  are  also  enamoured,  seeing  that  it 
is  annexed  to  the  profession  ?  And  if  you  do  not  prize 
yourself  to   be    as    secret   as   Don    Galaor,   I   do   entreat 


Chap.  V  DULCINEA  87 

you,  as  earnestly  as  I  may,  in  all  this  company's  name  and 
mine  own,  that  it  will  please  you  to  tell  us  the  name, 
country,  quality,  and  beauty  of  your  lady  ;  for  I  am 
sure  she  would  account  herself  happy  to  think  that  all 
the  world  doth  know  she  is  beloved  and  served  by 
so  worthy  a  knight  as  is  yourself  Here  Don  Quixote, 
breathing  forth  a  deep  sigh,  said  :  '  I  cannot  affirm 
whether  my  sweet  enemy  delight  or  no  that  the  world 
know  how  much  she  is  beloved,  or  that  I  serve  her.  Only 
I  dare  avouch  (answering  to  that  which  you  so  courteously 
demanded)  that  her  name  is  Dulcinea,  her  country  Toboso, 
a  village  of  Mancha.  Her  calling  must  be  at  least  of  a 
princess,  seeing  she  is  my  queen  and  lady ;  her  beauty 
sovereign,  for  in  her  are  verified  and  give  glorious  lustre 
to  all  those  impossible  and  chimerical  attributes  of  beauty 
that  poets  give  to  their  mistresses,  that  her  hairs  are  gold, 
her  forehead  the  Elysian  fields,  her  brows  the  arcs  of 
heaven,  her  eyes  suns,  her  cheeks  roses,  her  lips  coral,  her 
teeth  pearls,  her  neck  alabaster,  her  bosom  marble,  ivory 
her  hands,  and  her  whiteness  snow ;  and  the  parts  which 
modesty  conceals  from  human  sight,  such  as  I  think  and 
understand  that  the  discreet  consideration  may  prize,  but 
never  be  able  to  equalize  them.'  '  Her  lineage,  progeny, 
we  desire  to  know  likewise,'  quoth  Vivaldo.  To  which 
Don  Quixote  answered  :  '  She  is  not  of  the  ancient  Roman 
Curcios,  Cayos,  or  Scipios ;  nor  of  the  modern  Colomnas, 
or  Ursinos ;  nor  of  the  Moncadas  or  Requesenes  of  Cata- 
lonia ;  and  much  less  of  the  Rebelias  and  Villanovas  of 
Valencia  ;  Palafoxes,  Nucas,  Rocabertis,  Corelias,  Alagones, 
Urreas,  Fozes,  and  Gurreas  of  Aragon  ;  Cerdas,  Manri- 
quez,  Mendo^as,  and  Guzmanes  of  Castile ;  Lancasters, 
Palias,  and  Meneses  of  Portugal ;  but  she  is  of  those  of 
Toboso  of  the  Mancha ;  a  lineage  which,  though  it  be 
modern,  is  such  as  may  give  a  generous  beginning  to 
the  most  noble  families  of  ensuing  ages.  And  let  none 
contradict  me  in  this,  if  it  be  not  with  those  conditions 
that  Cerbino  put  at  the  foot  of  Orlando's  armour,  to  wit  : 

"  Let  none  from  hence  presume  these  arms  to  move, 
But  he  that  with  Orlando  dares  his  force  to  prove." ' 


SS  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

*  Although  my  lineage  be  of  the  Cachopines  of  Laredo,' 
replied  the  traveller,  '  yet  dare  I  not  to  compare  it  with 
that  of  Toboso  in  the  Mancha;  although,  to  speak  sin- 
cerely, I  never  heard  any  mention  of  that  lineage  you 
say  until  now.'  '  What  !  '  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  is  it 
possible  that  you  never  heard  of  it  till  now  ? ' 

All  the  company  travelled,  giving  marvellous  attention 
to  the  reasons  of  those  two ;  and  even  the  very  goatherds 
and  shepherds  began  to  perceive  the  great  want  of  judg- 
ment that  was  in  Don  Quixote  :  only  Sancho  Panza  did 
verily  believe  that  all  his  master's  words  were  most  true, 
as  one  that  knew  what  he  was  from  the  very  time  of  his 
birth ;  but  that  wherein  his  belief  staggered  somewhat, 
was  of  the  beautiful  Dulcinea  of  Toboso ;  for  he  had 
never  heard  speak  in  his  life  before  of  such  a  name  or 
princess,  although  he  had  dwelt  so  many  years  hard  by 
Toboso. 

And  as  they  travelled  in  these  discourses,  they  beheld 
descending,  betwixt  the  cleft  of  two  lofty  mountains,  to 
the  number  of  twenty  shepherds,  all  apparelled  in  skins 
of  black  wool,  and  crowned  with  garlands,  which,  as  they 
perceived  afterward,  were  all  of  yew  and  cypress.  Six  of 
them  carried  a  bier,  covered  with  many  sorts  of  flowers 
and  boughs ;  which  one  of  the  goatherds  espying,  he  said, 
'  Those  that  come  there  are  they  which  bring  Chrysostom's 
body,  and  the  foot  of  that  mountain  is  the  place  where  he 
hath  commanded  them  to  bury  him.'  These  words  were 
occasion  to  make  them  haste  to  arrive  in  time,  which  they 
did  just  about  the  instant  that  the  others  had  laid  down 
the  corpse  on  the  ground.  And  four  of  them,  with  sharp 
pickaxes,  did  dig  the  grave  at  the  side  of  a  hard  rock. 
The  one  and  the  others  saluted  themselves  very  cour- 
teously ;  and  then  Don  Quixote,  and  such  as  came  with 
him,  began  to  behold  the  bier,  wherein  they  saw  laid  a 
dead  body,  all  covered  with  flowers,  and  apparelled  like 
a  shepherd  of  some  thirty  years  old ;  and  his  dead  coun- 
tenance showed  that  he  was  very  beautiful,  and  an  able- 
bodied  man.  He  had,  placed  round  about  him  in  the  bier, 
certain  books  and  many  papers,  some  open  and  some  shut, 


Chap.  V  CHRYSOSTOM'S   BURIAL  89 

and  altogether,  as  well  those  that  beheld  this  as  they  which 
made  the  grave,  and  all  the  others  that  were  present,  kept 
a  marvellous  silence,  until  one  of  them  which  carried  the 
dead  man  said  to  another  :  '  See  well,  Ambrosio,  whether 
this  be  the  place  that  Chrysostom  meant,  seeing  that  thou 
wouldst  have  all  so  punctually  observed  which  he  com- 
manded in  his  testament/  '  This  is  it,'  answered  Am- 
brosio ;  '  for  many  times  my  unfortunate  friend  recounted 
to  me  in  it  the  history  of  his  mishaps.  Even  there  he  told 
me  that  he  had  seen  that  cruel  enemy  of  mankind  first  ; 
and  there  it  was  where  he  first  broke  his  affections  too,  as 
honest  as  they  were  amorous  ;  and  there  was  the  last  time 
wherein  Marcela  did  end  to  resolve,  and  began  to  disdain 
him,  in  such  sort  as  she  set  end  to  the  tragedy  of  his 
miserable  life  ;  and  here,  in  memory  of  so  many  misfor- 
tunes, he  commanded  himself  to  be  committed  to  the 
bowels  of  eternal  oblivion.'  And,  turning  himself  to  Don 
Quixote  and  to  the  other  travellers,  he  said,  '  This  body, 
sirs,  which  you  do  now  behold  with  pitiful  eyes,  was  the 
treasury  of  a  soul  wherein  heaven  had  hoarded  up  an 
infinite  part  of  his  treasures.  This  is  the  body  of  Chry- 
sostom, who  was  peerless  in  wit,  without  fellow  for 
courtesy,  rare  for  comeliness,  a  phoenix  for  friendship, 
magnificent  without  measure,  grave  without  presumption, 
pleasant  without  offence  ;  and  finally,  the  first  in  all  that 
which  is  good,  and  second  to  none  in  all  unfortunate  mis- 
chances. He  loved  well,  and  was  hated  ;  he  adored,  and 
was  disdained  ;  he  prayed  to  one  no  less  savage  than  a 
beast  ;  he  importuned  a  heart  as  hard  as  marble,  he 
pursued  the  wind,  he  cried  to  deserts,  he  served  ingrati- 
tude, and  he  obtained  for  reward  the  spoils  of  death  in  the 
midst  of  the  career  of  his  life  :  to  which  a  shepherdess 
hath  given  end  whom  he  laboured  to  eternize,  to  the  end 
she  might  ever  live  in  the  memories  of  men,  as  those 
papers  which  you  see  there  might  very  well  prove,  had  he 
not  commanded  me  to  sacrifice  them  to  the  fire  as  soon  as 
his  body  was  rendered  to  the  earth.' 

'  If  you  did  so,'  quoth  Vivaldo,  '  you  would  use  greater 
rigour  and  cruelty  towards  them  than  their  very  lord,  nor 


90  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

Is  it  discreet  or  justly  done  that  his  will  be  accomplished 
who  commands  anything  repugnant  to  reason  ;  nor  should 
Augustus  Caesar  himself  have  gained  the  reputation  of 
wisdom,  if  he  had  permitted  that  to  be  put  in  execution 
which  the  divine  Mantuan  had  by  his  will  ordained.  So 
that,  Senor  Ambrosio,  now  that  you  commit  your  friend's 
body  to  the  earth,  do  not  therefore  commit  his  labour  to 
oblivion  ;  for  though  he  ordained  it  as  one  injured,  yet 
are  not  you  to  accomplish  it  as  one  void  of  discretion  ; 
but  rather  cause,  by  giving  life  to  these  papers,  that  the 
cruelty  of  Marcela  may  live  eternally,  that  it  may  serve  as 
a  document  to  those  that  shall  breathe  in  ensuing  ages 
how  they  may  avoid  and  shun  the  like  downfalls  ;  for 
both  myself,  and  all  those  that  come  here  in  my  company, 
do  already  know  the  history  of  your  enamoured  and  de- 
spairing friend,  the  occasion  of  his  death,  and  what  he 
commanded  ere  he  deceased  :  out  of  which  lamentable 
relation  may  be  collected  how  great  hath  been  the  cruelty 
of  Marcela,  the  love  of  Chrysostom,  the  faith  of  your 
affection,  and  the  conclusion  which  those  make  which  do 
rashly  run  through  that  way  which  indiscreet  love  doth 
present  to  their  view.  We  understood  yesternight  of 
Chrysostom's  death,  and  that  he  should  be  interred  in 
this  place,  and  therefore  we  omitted  our  intended  journeys, 
both  for  curiosity  and  pity,  and  resolved  to  come  and 
behold  with  our  eyes  that  the  relation  whereof  did  so 
much  grieve  us  in  the  hearing  ;  and  therefore  we  desire 
thee,  discreet  Ambrosio,  both  in  reward  of  this  our  com- 
passion, and  also  of  the  desire  which  springs  in  our  breasts, 
to  remedy  this  disaster,  if  it  were  possible  ;  but  chiefly  I, 
for  my  part,  request  thee,  that,  omitting  to  burn  these 
papers,  thou  wilt  license  me  to  take  away  some  of  them.' 
And,  saying  so,  without  expecting  the  shepherd's  answer, 
he  stretched  out  his  hand  and  took  some  of  them  that 
were  next  to  him  ;  which  Ambrosio  perceiving,  said,  '  I 
will  consent,  sir,  for  courtesy's  sake,  that  you  remain  lord 
of  those  which  you  have  seized  upon  ;  but  to  imagine  that 
I  would  omit  to  burn  these  that  rest  were  a  very  vain 
thought.'     Vivaldo,  who  did  long  to  see  what  the  papers 


Chap.  VI  CHRYSOSTOM'S   CANZONE  91 

contained  which  he  had  gotten,  did  unfold  presently  one 
of  them,  which  had  this  title,  '  A  Ditty  of  Despair.'  Am- 
brosio  overheard  him,  and  said  :  *  That  is  the  last  paper 
which  this  unfortunate  shepherd  wrote  ;  and  because,  sir, 
that  you  may  see  the  terms  to  which  his  mishaps  conducted 
him,  I  pray  you  to  read  it,  but  in  such  manner  as  you  may 
be  heard  ;  for  you  shall  have  leisure  enough  to  do  it  whilst 
the  grave  is  a-digging.'  '  I  will  do  it  with  all  my  heart,' 
replied  Vivaldo  ;  and  all  those  that  were  present  having 
the  like  desire,  they  gathered  about  him,  and  he,  reading 
it  with  a  clear  voice,  pronounced  it  thus. 


CHAPTER  VI 

Wherein   are  rehearsed  the  Despairing  Verses  of  the  Dead 
Shepherd^  with  other  Unexpected  Accidents 

The  Canzone  of  Chrysostom 


Since  cruel  thou  (I  publish)  dost  desire, 

From  tongue  to  tongue,  and  the  one  to  the  other  pole, 

The  efficacy  of  thy  rigour  sharp, 

I'll  hell  constrain  to  assist  my  soul's  desire, 

And  in  my  breast  infuse  a  ton  of  dole. 

Whereon  my  voice,  as  it  is  wont,  may  harp, 

And  labour,  as  I  wish,  at  once  to  carp 

And  tell  my  sorrows  and  thy  murdering  deeds; 

The  dreadful  voice  and  accents  shall  agree, 

And,  with  them,  meet  for  greater  torture  be 

Lumps  of  my  wretched  bowels,  which  still  bleeds. 

Then  listen,  and  lend  once  attentive  ear, 

Not  well-consorted  tunes,  but  howling  to  hear, 

That  from  my  bitter  bosom's  depth  takes  flight ; 

And  by  constrained  raving  borne  away, 

Issues  forth  for  mine  ease  and  thy  despite. 


The  lion's  roaring,  and  the  dreadful  howls 
Of  ravening  wolf,  and  hissing  terrible 


92  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  II 

Of  squamy  serpent;  and  the  fearful  bleat 
Of  some  sad  monster  ;  of  foretelling  fowls, 
The  pie's  crackling,  and  rumour  horrible 
Of  the  contending  wind,  as  it  doth  beat 
The  sea ;  and  implacable  bellowing,  yet 
Of  vanquish'd  bull  ;  and  of  the  turtle  sole 
The  feeling  mourning,  and  the  doleful  song 
Of  the  envious  owl,  with  the  dire  plaints  among 
Of  all  the  infernal  squadron  full  of  dole, 
Sally  with  my  lamenting  soul  around 
All  mixed  with  so  strange,  unusual  sound. 
As  all  the  senses  may  confounded  be ; 
For  my  fierce  torment,  a  new  way  exact, 
Wherein  I  may  recount  my  misery. 

Ill 

The  doleful  echoes  of  so  great  confusion 

Shall  not  resound  o'er  father  Tagus'  sands, 

Nor  touch  the  olive-wat'ring  Betis'  ears. 

Of  my  dire  pangs  I'll  only  make  effusion 

'Mongst  those  steep  rocks,  and  hollow  bottom  lands, 

With  mortified  tongue,  but  living  tears  : 

Sometimes,  in  hidden  dales,  where  nought  appears, 

Or  in  unhaunted  plains  free  from  access ; 

Or  where  the  sun  could  ne'er  intrude  a  beam  ; 

Amidst  the  venomous  crew  of  beasts  unclean. 

Whose  wants,  with  bounty,  the  free  plains  redress  ; 

For,  though  among  those  vast  and  desert  downs, 

The  hollow  echo  indistinctly  sounds 

Thy  matchless  rigour,  and  my  cruel  pain, 

Yet,  by  the  privilege  of  my  niggard  fates. 

It  will  their  force  throughout  the  world  proclaim. 

IV 

A  disdain  kills  ;  and  patience  runs  aground, 
By  a  suspicion  either  false  or  true  ; 
But  jealousy,  with  greater  rigour,  slays  ; 
A  prolix  absence  doth  our  life  confound. 
Against  fear  of  oblivion  to  ensue, 
Firm  hope  of  best  success  gives  little  ease. 
Inevitable  death  lurks  in  all  these. 
But  I  (O  unseen  miracle  !)  do  still  live. 
Jealous,  absent,  disdain'd,  and  certain  too 
Of  the  suspicions  that  my  life  undo  ! 
Drown'd  in  oblivion  which  my  fire  revives, 
And  amongst  all  those  pains  I  never  scope 
Got,  to  behold  the  shadow  once  of  hope  : 


Chap.  VI  CHRYSOSTOM'S   CANZONE  93 

Nor  thus  despaired  would  I  it  allow  ; 

But  'cause  I  may  more  aggravate  my  moans, 

To  live  ever  without  it,  here  I  vow. 


Can  hope  and  fear,  at  once,  in  one  consist  ? 

Or  is  it  reason  that  it  should  be  so  ? 

Seeing  the  cause  more  certain  is  of  fear  ; 

If  before  me  dire  jealousy  exist, 

Shall  I  deflect  mine  eyes  ?  since  it  will  show 

Itself  by  a  thousand  wounds  in  my  soul  there. 

Or,  who  will  not  the  gates  unto  despair 

Wide  open  set,  after  that  he  hath  spy'd 

Murd'ring  disdain  ?  and  noted  each  suspicion 

To  seeming  truth  transformed  ?     O  sour  conversion  ! 

Whilst  verity  by  falsehood  is  belied  ! 

0  tyrant  of  love's  state,  fierce  jealousy  ! 
With  cruel  chains  these  hands  together  tie, 
With  stubborn  cords  couple  them,  rough  disdain  ! 
But  woe  is  me,  with  bloody  victory. 

Your  memory  is,  by  my  sufferance,  slain  ! 

VI 

1  die,  in  fine,  and  'cause  I'll  not  expect 
In  death  or  life  for  the  least  good  success, 
I  obstinate  will  rest  in  fantasy. 

And  say  he  doth  well,  that  doth  death  affect. 
And  eke  the  soul  most  liberty  possess, 
That  is  most  thrall  to  love's  old  tyranny. 
And  will  affirm  mine  ever  enemy. 
In  her  fair  shrine,  a  fairer  soul  contains  ; 
And  her  oblivion  from  my  fault  to  spring. 
And  to  excuse  her  wrongs  will  witness  bring, 
That  love  by  her  in  peace  his  state  maintains. 
And  with  a  hard  knot,  and  this  strange  opinion 
I  will  accelerate  the  wretched  summon. 
To  which  guided  I  am  by  her  scorns  rife, 
And  offer  to  the  air  body  and  soul, 
Without  hope  or  reward  of  future  life. 

VII 

Thou  that,  by  multiplying  wrongs,  doth  show 
The  reason  forcing  me  to  use  violence 
Unto  this  loathsome  life,  grown  to  me  hateful, 
Since  now  by  signs  notorious  thou  mayst  know, 
From  my  heart's  deepest  wound,  how  willingly  sense 
Doth  sacrifice  me  to  thy  scorns  ungrateful. 


94  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  II 

If  my  deserts  have  seem'd  to  thee  so  bootful, 

As  thy  fair  eyes  clear  heav'n  should  be  o'ercast, 

And  clouded  at  my  death  ;  yet  do  not  so, 

For  I'll  no  recompense  take  for  the  woe  : 

By  which,  of  my  soul's  spoils  possess'd  thou  wast: 

But  rather,  laughing  at  my  funeral  sad, 

Show  how  mine  end  begins  to  make  thee  glad. 

But  'tis  a  folly  to  advise  thee  this. 

For  I  know,  in  my  death's  acceleration, 

Consists  thy  glory  and  thy  chiefest  bliss. 

VIII 

Let  Tantalus  from  the  profoundest  deeps 
Come,  for  it  is  high  time  now,  with  his  thirst  ; 
And  Sisyphus,  with  his  oppressing  stone  ; 
Let  Tityus  bring  his  raven  that  ne'er  sleeps, 
And  Ixion  make  no  stay  with  wheel  accurs'd, 
Nor  the  three  sisters,  ever  lab'ring  on. 
And  let  them  all  at  once  their  mortal  moan 
Translate  into  my  breast,  and  lovely  sound 
(If  it  may  be  a  debt  due  to  despair), 
And  chant  sad  obsequies,  with  doleful  air. 
Over  a  corse  unworthy  of  the  ground. 
And  the  three-faced  infernal  porter  grim. 
With  thousand  monsters  and  chimeras  dim. 
Relish  the  dolorous  descant  out  amain  ; 
For  greater  pomp  than  this  I  think  not  fit 
That  any  dying  lover  should  obtain. 


Despairing  canzone,  do  not  thou  complain. 

When  thou  my  sad  society  shalt  refrain  ; 

But  rather,  since  the  cause  whence  thou  didst  spring. 

By  my  misfortune,  grows  more  fortunate, 

Ev'n  in  the  grave,  thou  must  shun  sorrowing. 

Chrysostom's  canzone  liked  wonderfully  all  the  hearers, 
although  the  reader  thereof  affirmed  that  it  was  not  con- 
formable to  the  relation  that  he  had  received  of  Marcela's 
virtue  and  care  of  herself ;  for  in  it  Chrysostom  did  com- 
plain of  jealousies,  suspicions,  and  absence,  being  all  of 
them  things  that  did  prejudice  Marcela's  good  fame.  To 
this  objection  Ambrosio  answered  (as  one  that  knew  very 
well  the  most  hidden  secrets  of  his  friend) :  '  You  must 
understand,  sir,  to  the  end  you  may  better  satisfy  your 


Chap.  VI  MARCELA'S   DEFENCE  95 

own  doubt,  that  when  the  unfortunate  shepherd  wrote  that 
canzone  he  was  absent  from  Marcela,  from  whose  presence 
he  had  wittingly  withdrawn  himself,  to  see  if  he  could 
deface  some  part  of  his  excessive  passions,  procured  by 
absence  ;  and  as  everything  doth  vex  an  absent  lover,  and 
every  fear  afflict  him,  so  was  Chrysostom  likewise  tor- 
mented by  imagined  jealousies  and  feared  suspicions  as 
much  as  if  they  were  real  and  true.  And  with  this 
remains  the  truth  in  her  perfection  and  point  of  Marcela's 
virtue,  who,  excepting  that  she  is  cruel  and  somewhat 
arrogant  and  very  disdainful,  very  envy  itself  neither 
ought,  nor  can,  attaint  her  of  the  least  defect/  '  You 
have  reason,'  quoth  Vivaldo  ;  and  so,  desiring  to  read 
another  paper,  he  was  interrupted  by  a  marvellous  vision 
(for  such  it  seemed)  that  unexpectedly  offered  itself  to 
their  view ;  which  was,  that  on  the  top  of  the  rock  wherein 
they  made  the  grave,  appeared  the  shepherdess  Marcela, 
so  fair  that  her  beauty  surpassed  far  the  fame  that  was 
spread  thereof.  Such  as  had  not  beheld  her  before  did 
look  on  her  then  with  admiration  and  silence,  and  those 
which  were  wont  to  view  her  remained  no  less  suspended 
than  the  others  which  never  had  seen  her.  But  scarce  had 
Ambrosio  eyed  her,  when,  with  an  ireful  and  disdaining 
mind,  he  spake  these  words  :  '  Comest  thou  by  chance,  O 
fierce  basilisk  of  these  mountains  !  to  see  whether  the 
wounds  of  this  wretch  will  yet  bleed  at  thy  presence  ?  or 
dost  thou  come  to  insult  and  vaunt  in  the  tragical  feats  of 
thy  stern  nature  ?  or  to  behold  from  that  height,  like 
another  merciless  Nero,  the  fire  of  inflamed  Rome  ?  or 
arrogantly  to  trample  this  infortunate  carcase,  as  the  in- 
grateful  daughter  did  her  father  Tarquin's  ?  Tell  us 
quickly  why  thou  comest,  or  what  thou  dost  most  desire  ? 
For,  seeing  I  know  that  Chrysostom's  thoughts  never  dis- 
obeyed thee  in  life,  I  will  likewise  cause  that  all  those  his 
friends  shall  serve  and  reverence  thee.' 

'  I  come  not  here,  good  Ambrosio,  to  any  of  those  ends 
thou  sayst,'  quoth  Marcela  ;  '  but  only  to  turn  for  mine 
honour,  and  give  the  world  to  understand  how  little 
reason  have  all  those  which  make  me  the  author  either  of 


96  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

their  own  pains  or  of  Chrysostom's  death ;  and  therefore  I 
desire  all  you  that  be  here  present  to  lend  attention  unto 
me,  for  I  mean  not  to  spend  much  time  or  words  to  per- 
suade to  the  discreet  so  manifest  a  truth.  Heaven,  as  you 
say,  hath  made  me  beautiful,  and  that  so  much  that  my 
feature  moves  you  to  love  almost  whether  you  will  or  no ; 
and  for  the  affection  you  show  unto  me,  you  say,  ay,  and 
you  affirm,  that  I  ought  to  love  you  again.  I  know,  by 
the  natural  instinct  that  Jove  hath  bestowed  on  me,  that 
each  fair  thing  is  amiable ;  but  I  cannot  conceive  why,  for 
the  reason  of  being  beloved,  the  party  that  is  so  beloved 
for  her  beauty  should  be  bound  to  love  her  lover,  although 
he  be  foul ;  and,  seeing  that  foul  things  are  worthy  of 
hate,  it  is  a  bad  argument  to  say,  I  love  thee,  because  fair; 
and  therefore  thou  must  affect  me,  although  uncomely. 
But  set  the  case  that  the  beauties  occur  equal  on  both 
sides,  it  follows  not,  therefore,  that  their  desires  should 
run  one  way ;  for  all  beauties  do  not  enamour,  for  some 
do  only  delight  the  sight,  and  subject  not  the  will ;  for  if 
all  beauties  did  enamour  and  subject  together,  men's  wills 
would  ever  run  confused  and  straying,  without  being  able 
to  make  any  election ;  for  the  beautiful  subjects  being 
infinite,  the  desires  must  also  perforce  be  infinite.  And, 
as  I  have  heard,  true  love  brooks  no  division,  and  must 
needs  be  voluntary,  and  not  enforced ;  which  being  so,  as 
I  presume  it  is,  why  would  you  have  me  subject  my  will 
forcibly,  without  any  other  obligation  than  that,  that  you 
say  you  love  me  ?  If  not,  tell  me,  if  Heaven  had  made 
me  foul,  as  it  hath  made  me  beautiful,  could  I  justly  com- 
plain of  you  because  you  affected  me  not  ?  How  much 
more,  seeing  you  ought  to  consider  that  I  did  not  choose 
the  beauty  I  have ;  for,  such  as  it  is.  Heaven  bestowed 
it  gratis,  without  my  demanding  or  electing  it.  And 
even  as  the  viper  deserves  no  blame  for  the  poison  she 
carries,  although  therewithal  she  kill,  seeing  it  was  bestowed 
on  her  by  nature,  so  do  I  as  little  merit  to  be  reprehended 
because  beautiful ;  for  beauty  in  an  honest  woman  is  like 
fire  afar  off,  or  a  sharp-edged  sword ;  for  neither  that  burns 
nor  this  cuts  any  but  such  as  come  near  them.     Honour 


Chap.  VI  MARCELA'S   DEFENCE  97 

and  virtue  are  the  ornaments  of  the  soul,  without  which 
the  fairest  body  is  not  to  be  esteemed  such;  and  if  that 
honesty  be  one  of  the  virtues  that  adorneth  and  beauti- 
fieth  most  the  body  and  soul,  why  should  she  that  is 
beloved,  because  fair,  adventure  the  loss  thereof,  to 
answer  his  intention  which  only  for  his  pleasure's 
sake  labours  that  she  may  lose  it,  with  all  his  force 
and  industry  ?  I  was  born  free,  and,  because  I  might  live 
freely,  I  made  election  of  the  solitude  of  the  fields.  The 
trees  of  these  mountains  are  my  companions,  the  clear 
water  of  these  streams  my  mirrors.  With  the  trees  and 
waters  I  communicate  my  thoughts  and  beauty.  I  am  a 
parted  fire,  and  a  sword  laid  aloof.  Those  whom  I  have 
enamoured  with  my  sight,  I  have  undeceived  with  my 
words.  And  if  desires  be  sustained  by  hopes,  I  never 
having  given  any  to  Chrysostom,  or  to  any  other,  it  may 
well  be  said  that  he  was  rather  slain  by  his  own  obstinacy 
than  by  my  cruelty.  And  if  I  be  charged  that  his 
thoughts  were  honest,  and  that  I  was  therefore  obliged 
to  answer  unto  them,  I  say,  that  when  in  that  very  place 
where  you  make  his  sepulchre,  he  first  broke  his  mind 
unto  me,  I  told  him  that  mine  intention  was  to  live  in 
perpetual  solitude,  and  that  only  the  earth  should  gather 
the  fruits  of  my  solitariness  and  the  spoils  of  my  beauty ; 
and  if  he  would,  after  this  my  resolution,  persist  obstinately 
without  all  hope,  and  sail  against  the  wind,  what  wonder 
is  it  that  he  should  be  drowned  in  the  midst  of  the  gulf 
of  his  rashness  ?  If  I  had  entertained  him,  then  were  I 
false ;  if  I  had  pleased  him,  then  should  I  do  against  my 
better  purposes  and  projects.  He  strove,  being  persuaded 
to  the  contrary  ;  he  despaired,  ere  he  was  hated.  See, 
then,  if  it  be  reason  that  I  bear  the  blame  of  his  torment. 
Let  him  complain  who  hath  been  deceived  ;  let  him 
despair  to  whom  his  promised  hopes  have  failed ;  let 
him  confess  it  whom  I  shall  ever  call ;  let  him  vaunt 
whom  I  shall  admit :  but  let  him  not  call  me  cruel  or 
a  homicide,  whom  I  never  promised,  deceived,  called,  or 
admitted.  Heaven  hath  not  yet  ordained  that  I  should 
love  by  destiny ;  and  to  think  that  I  would  do  it  by  election 


98  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  II 

may  be  excused.  And  let  this  general  caveat  serve  every 
one  of  those  which  solicit  me  for  his  particular  benefit. 
And  let  it  be  known,  that  if  any  shall  hereafter  die  for 
my  love,  that  he  dies  not  jealous  or  unfortunate  ;  for 
whosoever  loves  not  any,  breeds  not  in  reason  jealousy 
in  any,  nor  should  any  resolutions  to  any  be  accounted 
disdainings.  He  that  calls  me  a  savage  and  a  basilisk, 
let  him  shun  me  as  a  hurtful  and  prejudicial  thing  ;  he 
that  calls  me  ungrateful,  let  him  not  serve  me  ;  he  that's 
strange,  let  him  not  know  me  ;  he  that's  cruel,  let  him  not 
follow  me :  for  this  savage,  this  basilisk,  this  ingrate, 
this  cruel  and  strange  one,  will  neither  seek,  serve,  know, 
or  pursue  any  of  them.  For  if  Chrysostom's  impatience 
and  headlong  desire  slew  him,  why  should  mine  honest 
proceeding  and  care  be  inculped  therewithal  ?  If  I  pre- 
serve mine  integrity  in  the  society  of  these  trees,  why 
would  any  desire  me  to  lose  it,  seeing  every  one  covets 
to  have  the  like  himself,  to  converse  the  better  among 
men  ?  I  have,  as  you  all  know,  riches  enough  of  mine 
own,  and  therefore  do  not  covet  other  men's.  I  have 
a  free  condition,  and  I  do  not  please  to  subject  me. 
Neither  do  I  love  or  hate  any.  I  do  not  deceive  this 
man,  or  solicit  that  other  ;  nor  do  I  jest  with  one,  and 
pass  the  time  with  another.  The  honest  conversation 
of  the  pastoras  of  these  villages,  and  the  care  of  my 
goats,  do  entertain  me.  My  desires  are  limited  by  these 
mountains  ;  and  if  they  do  issue  from  hence,  it  is  to 
contemplate  the  beauty  of  heaven — steps  wherewithal  the 
soul  travels  toward  her  first  dwelling.'  And,  ending 
here,  without  desiring  to  hear  any  answer,  she  turned  her 
back  and  entered  into  the  thickest  part  of  the  wood  that 
was  there  at  hand,  leaving  all  those  that  were  present 
marvellously  admired  at  her  beauty  and  discretion. 

Some  of  the  shepherds  present,  that  were  wounded 
by  the  powerful  beams  of  her  beautiful  eyes,  made  proffer 
to  pursue  her,  without  reaping  any  profit  out  of  her 
manifest  resolution  made  there  in  their  hearing  ;  which 
Don  Quixote  noting,  and  thinking  that  the  use  of  this 
chivalry  did  jump  fitly  with  that  occasion,  by  succouring 


Chap.  VI  MARCELA'S   DEFENCE  99 

distressed  damsels,  laying  hand  on  the  pommel  of  his 
sword,  he  said,  in  loud  and  intelligible  words  :  '  Let  no 
person,  of  whatsoever  state  or  condition  he  be,  presume  to 
follow  the  fair  Marcela,  under  pain  of  falling  into  my 
furious  indignation.  She  hath  shown,  by  clear  and  sufficient 
reasons,  the  little  or  no  fault  she  had  in  Chrysostom's 
death,  and  how  far  she  lives  from  meaning  to  condescend 
to  the  desires  of  any  of  her  lovers  ;  for  which  respect  it  is 
just  that,  instead  of  being  pursued  and  persecuted,  she  be 
honoured  and  esteemed  by  all  the  good  men  of  the  world  ; 
for  she  shows  in  it,  that  it  is  only  she  alone  that  lives 
therein  with  honest  intention.'  Now,  whether  it  was 
through  Don  Quixote's  menaces,  or  whether  because 
Ambrosio  requested  them  to  conclude  with  the  obligation 
they  owed  to  their  good  friend,  none  of  the  shepherds 
moved  or  departed  from  thence  until,  the  grave  being 
made  and  Chrysostom's  papers  burnt,  they  laid  the  body 
into  it,  with  many  tears  of  the  beholders.  They  shut  the 
sepulchre  with  a  great  stone,  until  a  monument  were 
wrought,  which  Ambrosio  said  he  went  to  have  made, 
with  an  epitaph  to  this  sense  : 

*Here,  of  a  loving  swain, 

The  frozen  carcase  lies ; 

Who  was  a  herd  likewise, 
And  died  through  disdain. 
Stern  rigour  hath  him  slain, 

Of  a  coy  fair  ingrate, 

By  whom  love  doth  dilate 
Her  tyranny  amain.' 

They  presently  strewed  on  the  grave  many  flowers  and 
boughs,  and  everyone  condoling  a  while  with  his  friend 
Ambrosio,  did  afterward  bid  him  farewell,  and  departed. 
The  like  did  Vivaldo  and  his  companion  :  and  Don 
Quixote,  bidding  his  host  and  the  travellers  adieu,  they 
requested  him  to  come  with  them  to  Seville,  because  it 
was  a  place  so  fit  for  the  finding  of  adventures,  as  in  every 
street  and  corner  thereof  are  offered  more  than  in  any 
other  place  whatsoever.  Don  Quixote  rendered  them 
thanks  for  their  advice  and  the  good-will  they  seemed  to 


[OO 


DON    QUIXOTE  Book  II 


have  to  gratify  him,  and  said  he  neither  ought  nor  would 
go  to  Seville  until  he  had  freed  all  those  mountains  of 
thieves  and  robbers,  whereof,  as  fame  ran,  they  were  full. 
The  travellers  perceiving  his  good  intention,  would  not 
importune  him  more;  but,  bidding  him  again  farewell, 
they  departed,  and  followed  on  their  journey ;  in  which 
they  wanted  not  matter  of  discourse,  as  well  of  the  history 
of  Marcela  and  Chrysostom  as  of  the  follies  of  Don 
Quixote,  who  determined  to  go  in  the  search  of  the  shep- 
herdess Marcela,  and  offer  unto  her  all  that  he  was  able 
to  do  in  her  service.  But  it  befel  him  not  as  he  thought, 
as  shall  be  rehearsed  in  the  discourse  of  this  true  history ; 
giving  end  here  to  the  Second  Part. 


'THE  "THIRD  BOOK 


CHAPTER  I 


Wherein  is  rehearsed  the  Unfortunate  Adventure  which 
happened  to  Don  Quixote^  by  encountering  with  certain 
Tanguesian  Carriers 

The  wise  Cid  Hamet  Benengeli  recounteth  that,  as  soon 
as  Don  Quixote  had  taken  leave  of  the  goatherds,  his 
hosts  the  night  before,  and  of  all  those  that  were  present 
at  the  burial  of  the  shepherd  Chrysostom,  he  and  his 
squire  did  presently  enter  into  the  same  wood  into  which 
they  had  seen  the  beautiful  shepherdess  Marcela  enter 
before.  And,  having  travelled  in  it  about  the  space  of 
two  hours  without  finding  of  her,  they  arrived  in  fine  to  a 
pleasant  meadow,  enriched  with  abundance  of  flourishing 
grass,  near  unto  which  runs  a  delightful  and  refreshing 
stream,  which  did  invite,  yea,  constrain  them  thereby  to 
pass  over  the  heat  of  the  day,  which  did  then  begin  to 
enter  with  great  fervour  and  vehemency.  Don  Quixote 
and  Sancho  alighted,  and,  leaving  the  ass  and  Rozinante 
to  the  spaciousness  of  these  plains  to  feed  on  the  plenty  of 
grass  that  was  there,  they  ransacked  their  wallet,  where, 
without  any  ceremony,  the  master  and  man  did  eat,  with 
good  accord  and  fellowship,  what  they  found  therein. 
Sancho  had  neglected  to  tie  Rozinante,  sure  that  he  knew 
him  to  be  so  sober  and  little  wanton  as  all  the  mares  of 
the  pasture  of  Cordova  could  not  make  him  to  think  the 

lOI 


102  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

least  sinister  thought.  But  fortune  did  ordain,  or  rather 
the  devil,  who  sleeps  not  at  all  hours,  that  a  troop  of 
Gallician  mares,  belonging  to  certain  Yanguesian  carriers, 
did  feed  up  and  down  in  the  same  valley ;  which  carriers 
are  wont,  with  their  beasts,  to  pass  over  the  heats  in  places 
situated  near  unto  grass  and  water,  and  that  wherein  Don 
Quixote  happened  to  be  was  very  fit  for  their  purpose.  It 
therefore  befel  that  Rozinante  took  a  certain  desire  to 
solace  himself  with  the  lady  mares,  and  therefore,  as  soon 
as  he  had  smelt  them,  abandoning  his  natural  pace  and 
custom,  without  taking  leave  of  his  master,  he  began  a 
little  swift  trot,  and  went  to  communicate  his  necessities 
to  them.  But  they,  who,  as  it  seemed,  had  more  desire  to 
feed  than  to  solace  them,  entertained  him  with  their  heels 
and  teeth  in  such  sort  as  they  broke  all  his  girths,  and 
left  him  in  his  naked  hair,  having  overthrown  the  saddle. 
But  that  which  surely  grieved  him  most  was,  that  the 
carriers,  perceiving  the  violence  that  was  offered  by  him 
to  their  mares,  repaired  presently  to  their  succours,  with 
clubs  and  truncheons,  and  did  so  belabour  him  as  they 
fairly  laid  him  along.  Now,  in  this  season,  Don  Quixote 
and  Sancho  (which  beheld  the  bombasting  of  Rozinante) 
approached  breathless ;  and  Don  Quixote  said  to  Sancho, 
'  For  as  much  as  I  can  perceive,  friend  Sancho,  these  men  are 
no  knights,  but  base,  rascally  people  of  vile  quality ;  I  say 
it,  because  thou  mayst  help  me  to  take  due  revenge  for  the 
outrage  which  they  have  done  before  our  face  to  Rozinante.' 
'  What  a  devil,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  what  revenge  should  we 
take,  if  these  be  more  than  twenty,  and  we  but  two, 
and  peradventure  but  one  and  a  half .? '  '  I  am  worth  a 
hundred,'  replied  Don  Quixote  ;  and,  without  making  any 
longer  discourse,  he  set  hand  to  his  sword,  and  flew  upon 
the  Yanguesians  ;  and  Sancho  Panza,  moved  by  his  lord's 
example,  did  the  like  ;  when,  with  the  first  blow,  Don 
Quixote  piercing  a  buff  coat  that  one  of  them  wore, 
wounded  him  grievously  in  the  shoulder.  The  Yangue- 
sians, seeing  themselves  so  rudely  handled  by  two  men 
only,  they  being  so  many,  ran  to  the  stakes  and  truncheons 
of  their  carriage,  and,  hemming  in  their  adversaries  in  the 


Chap.  I  THE   YANGUESIAN   CARRIERS  103 

midst  of  them,  they  laid  on  them  with  admirable  speed 
and  vehemency.  True  it  is,  that  at  the  second  peal  they 
struck  Sancho  down  to  the  ground ;  and  the  like  happened 
to  Don  Quixote,  his  dexterity  and  courage  being  nothing 
available  in  that  trance,  and,  his  fate  so  ordaining,  he  fell 
just  at  his  courser's  feet,  who  had  not  yet  gotten  up  ;  by 
which  we  may  ponder  the  fury  wherewithal  truncheons 
batter,  being  placed  in  wrathful  and  rustical  fists.  The 
carriers  perceiving  the  evil  they  had  committed,  trussing 
up  their  loading  with  all  possible  speed,  followed  on  their 
way,  leaving  both  the  adventurers  in  a  bad  fashion,  and  a 
worse  talent. 

The  first  that  came  to  himself  was  Sancho  Panza, 
who,  seeing  his  lord  near  unto  him,  said,  with  a 
weak  and  pitiful  voice,  '  Sir  Don  Quixote  !  oh,  sir  Don 
Quixote  ! '  '  What  wouldst  thou  have,  brother  Sancho  ? ' 
replied  the  knight,  with  the  like  effeminate  and  doleful 
tune.  '  I  would,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  have  of  your  worship  a 
draught  or  two  of  the  liquor  of  Feoblas,  if  you  have  any 
of  it  at  hand  ;  perhaps  it  is  good  to  cure  broken  bones 
as  well  as  it  helps  wounds.'  '  What  would  we  want, 
unhappy  that  I  am ! '  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  if  I  had  it 
here  ;  but  I  swear  unto  thee,  Sancho  Panza,  by  the  faith 
of  a  knight-errant,  that  before  two  days  pass  (if  fortune 
dispose  not  otherwise),  I  will  have  it  in  my  power,  or 
it  shall  hardly  escape  my  hands.'  '  I  pray  you,'  quoth 
Sancho,  'within  how  many  days,  think  you,  shall  we  be 
able  to  stir  our  feet  ?'  'I  can  say  of  myself,'  quoth  the 
crushed  knight,  '  that  I  cannot  set  a  certain  term  to  the 
days  of  our  recovery  ;  but  I  am  in  the  fault  of  all,  for  I 
should  not  have  drawn  my  sword  against  men  that  are 
not  knights  as  well  as  I  am  ;  and  therefore  I  believe  that 
the  god  of  battles  hath  permitted  that  this  punishment 
should  be  given  unto  me,  in  pain  of  transgressing  the  laws 
of  knighthood.  Wherefore,  brother  Sancho,  it  is  requisite 
that  thou  beest  advertised  of  that  which  I  shall  say  unto 
thee  now,  for  it  importeth  both  our  goods  very  much  ; 
and  is,  that  when  thou  beholdest  that  the  like  rascally 
rabble  do  us  any  wrong,  do  not  wait  till  I  set  hand  to  my 


04 


DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 


sword  against  them,  for  I  will  not  do  it  in  any  sort  ;  but 
draw  thou  thine,  and  chastise  them  at  thy  pleasure  ;  and 
if  any  knights  shall  come  to  their  assistance  and  succour,  I 
shall  know  then  how  to  defend  thee,  and  offend  them 
with  all  my  force  ;  for  thou  hast  by  this  perceived,  by  a 
thousand  signs  and  experiences,  how  far  the  valour  of 
this  mine  invincible  arm  extendeth  itself  : — so  arrogant 
remained  the  poor  knight,  through  the  victory  he  had 
gotten  of  the  hardy  Biscaine.  But  this  advice  of  his  lord 
seemed  not  so  good  to  Sancho  Panza  as  that  he  would 
omit  to  answer  unto  him,  saying,  '  Sir,  I  am  a  peaceable, 
quiet,  and  sober  man,  and  can  dissemble  any  injury,  for 
I  have  wife  and  children  to  maintain  and  bring  up  ; 
wherefore,  let  this  likewise  be  an  advice  to  you  (seeing 
it  cannot  be  a  commandment),  that  I  will  not  set  hand 
to  my  sword  in  any  wise,  be  it  against  clown  or  knight ; 
and  that,  from  this  time  forward,  I  do  pardon,  before 
God,  all  the  wrongs  that  they  have  done,  or  shall  do 
unto  me,  whether  they  were,  be,  or  shall  be  done  by 
high  or  low  person,  rich  or  poor,  gentleman  or  churl, 
without  excepting  any  state  or  condition.  Which  being 
heard  by  his  lord,  he  said  :  '  I  could  wish  to  have  breath 
enough  that  I  might  answer  thee  with  a  little  more  ease, 
or  that  the  grief  which  I  feel  in  this  rib  were  assuaged  ever 
so  little,  that  I  might,  Panza,  make  thee  understand  the 
error  wherein  thou  art.  Come  here,  poor  fool !  if  the  gale 
of  fortune,  hitherto  so  contrary,  do  turn  in  our  favour, 
swelling  the  sails  of  our  desire  in  such  sort  as  we  may 
securely  and  without  any  hindrance  arrive  at  the  haven  of 
any  of  those  islands  which  I  have  promised  unto  thee, 
what  would  become  of  thee,  if  I,  conquering  it,  did  make 
thee  lord  thereof,  seeing  thou  wouldst  disable  thyself,  in 
respect  thou  art  not  a  knight,  nor  desirest  to  be  one,  nor 
wouldst  have  valour  or  will  to  revenge  thine  injuries,  or 
to  defend  thy  lordships  ?  For  thou  must  understand  that, 
in  the  kingdoms  and  provinces  newly  conquered,  the  minds 
of  the  inhabitants  are  never  so  thoroughly  appeased  or 
wedded  to  the  affection  of  their  new  lord,  that  it  is  not  to 
be  feared  that  they  will  work  some  novelty  to  alter  things 


Chap.  I  SANCHO'S   QUESTIONINGS  105 

again,  and  turn,  as  men  say,  afresh  to  try  fortune  ;  and  it 
is  therefore  requisite  that  the  new  possessor  have  under- 
standing to  govern,  and  valour  to  offend,  and  defend  him- 
self in  any  adventure  whatsoever.'  'In  this  last  that  hath 
befallen  us,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  would  I  had  had  that  under- 
standing and  valour  of  which  you  speak  ;  but  I  vow  unto 
you,  by  the  faith  of  a  poor  man,  that  I  am  now  fitter  for 
plaisters  than  discourses.  I  pray  you  try  whether  you  can 
arise,  and  we  will  help  Rozinante,  although  he  deserves  it 
not ;  for  he  was  the  principal  cause  of  all  these  troubles. 
I  would  never  have  believed  the  like  before  of  Rozinante, 
whom  I  ever  held  to  be  as  chaste  and  peaceable  a  person 
as  myself  In  fine,  they  say  well,  that  one  must  have  a 
long  time  to  come  to  the  knowledge  of  bodies,  and  that 
there's  nothing  in  this  life  secure.  Who  durst  affirm  that, 
after  those  mighty  blows  which  you  gave  to  that  unfor- 
tunate knight-errant,  would  succeed  so  in  post,  and  as  it 
were  in  your  pursuit,  this  so  furious  a  tempest  of  staves, 
that  hath  discharged  itself  on  our  shoulders  ? '  '  Thine, 
Sancho,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  are  perhaps  accustomed  to 
bear  the  like  showers,  but  mine,  nursed  between  cottons-^ 
and  hoUands,  it  is  most  evident  that  they  must  feel  the 
grief  of  this  disgrace.  And  were  it  not  that  I  imagine 
(but  why  do  I  say  imagine  ?)  I  know  certainly  that  all 
these  incommodities  are  annexed  to  the  exercise  of  arms, 
I  would  here  die  for  very  wrath  and  displeasure.'  To  this 
the  squire  answered  :  '  Sir,  seeing  these  disgraces  are  of 
the  essence  2  of  knighthood,  I  pray  you  whether  they 
succeed  very  often,  or  whether  they  have  certain  times 
limited  wherein  they  befall  ?  For  methinks,  within  two 
adventures  more,  we  shall  wholly  remain  disenabled  for 
the  third,  if  the  gods  in  mercy  do  not  succour  us.' 

'  Know,  friend  Sancho,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  *  that  the  life 
of  knights-errant  is  subject  to  a  thousand  dangers  and  misfor- 
tunes ;  and  it  is  also  as  well,  in  the  next  degree  and  power, 
to  make  them  kings  and  emperors,  as  experience  hath 
shown  in  sundry  knights,  of  whose  histories  I  have  entire 
notice.     And  I  could  recount  unto  thee  now  (did  the  pain 

^  Sinai? a/as.  2  Qosecha. 


io6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

I  suffer  permit  me)  of  some  of  them  which  have  mounted 
to  those  high  degrees  which  I  have  said,  only  by  the 
valour  of  their  arm  ;  and  the  very  same  men  found 
them,  both  before  and  after,  in  divers  miseries  and 
calamities.  For  the  valorous  Amadis  of  Gaul  saw  him- 
self in  the  power  of  his  mortal  enemy,  Arcalaus  the 
enchanter,  of  whom  the  opinion  runs  infallible,  that  he 
gave  unto  him,  being  his  prisoner,  more  than  two  hundred 
stripes  with  his  horse-bridle,  after  he  had  tied  him 
to  a  pillar  in  his  base-court.  And  there  is,  more- 
over, a  secret  author  of  no  little  credit,  who  says,  that  the 
Cavalier  del  Febo,  being  taken  in  a  gin,  like  unto  a  snatch, 
that  slipped  under  his  feet  in  a  certain  castle,  after  the  fall 
found  himself  in  a  deep  dungeon  under  the  earth,  bound 
hands  and  feet ;  and  there  they  gave  unto  him  a  clyster  of 
snow-water  and  sand,  which  brought  him  almost  to  the 
end  of  his  life  ;  and  were  it  not  that  he  was  succoured  in 
that  great  distress  by  a  wise  man,  his  very  great  friend,  it 
had  gone  ill  with  the  poor  knight.  So  that  I  may  very 
well  pass  among  so  many  worthy  persons  ;  for  the  dangers 
and  disgraces  they  suffered  were  greater  than  those  which 
we  do  now  endure.  For,  Sancho,  I  would  have  thee  to 
understand,  that  these  wounds  which  are  given  to  one 
with  those  instruments  that  are  in  one's  hand,  by  chance, 
do  not  disgrace  a  man.  And  it  is  written  in  the  laws  of 
single  combat,  in  express  terms,  that  if  the  shoemaker 
strike  another  with  the  last  which  he  hath  in  his  hand, 
although  it  be  certainly  of  wood,  yet  cannot  it  be  said  that 
he  who  was  striken  had  the  bastinado.  I  say  this,  to  the 
end  thou  mayst  not  think,  although  we  remain  bruised  in 
this  last  conflict,  that  therefore  we  be  disgraced  ;  for  the 
arms  which  those  men  bore,  and  wherewithal  they  laboured 
us,  were  none  other  than  their  pack-staves,  and,  as  far  as 
I  can  remember,  never  a  one  of  them  had  a  tuck,  sword, 
or  dagger.'  '  They  gave  me  no  leisure,'  answered  Sancho, 
'  to  look  to  them  so  nearly  ;  for  scarce  had  I  laid  hand  on 
my  truncheon,  when  they  blessed  my  shoulders  with  their 
pins,  in  such  sort  as  they  wholly  deprived  me  of  my  sight 
and  the  force  of  my  feet  together,  striking  me  down  on 


Chap.  I  SANCHO'S   QUESTIONINGS  107 

the  place  where  I  yet  lie  straught,  and  where  the  pain  of 
the  disgrace  received  by  our  cudgelling  doth  not  so  much 
pinch  me  as  the  grief  of  the  blows,  which  shall  remain  as 
deeply  imprinted  in  my  memory  as  they  do  in  my  back/ 

'  For  all  this,  thou  shalt  understand,  brother  Panza,' 
replied  Don  Quixote,  'that  there  is  no  remembrance  which 
time  will  not  end,  nor  grief  which  death  will  not  consume/ 
'  What  greater  misfortune,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  can  there  be 
than  that  which  only  expecteth  time  and  death  to  end  and 
consume  it  ?  If  this  our  disgrace  were  of  that  kind  which 
might  be  cured  by  a  pair  or  two  of  plaisters,  it  would  not 
be  so  evil ;  but  I  begin  to  perceive  that  all  the  salves  of  an 
hospital  will  not  suffice  to  bring  them  to  any  good  terms/ 
'  Leave  off,  Sancho,  and  gather  strength  out  of  weakness,' 
said  Don  Quixote,  '  for  so  will  I  likewise  do  ;  and  let  us 
see  how  doth  Rozinante,  for  methinks  that  the  least  part 
of  this  mishap  hath  not  fallen  to  his  lot/  '  You  ought 
not  to  marvel  at  that,'  quoth  Sancho, '  seeing  he  is  likewise 
a  knight-errant ;  that  whereat  I  wonder  is  that  mine  ass 
remains  there  without  payment,  where  we  are  come  away 
without  ribs/  '  Fortune  leaves  always  one  door  open  in 
disasters,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  whereby  to  remedy  them. 
I  say  it,  because  that  little  beast  may  supply  Rozinante' s 
want,  by  carrying  off  me  from  hence  unto  some  castle, 
wherein  I  may  be  cured  of  my  wounds.  Nor  do  I  hold 
this  kind  of  riding  dishonourable  ;  for  I  remember  to  have 
read  that  the  good  old  Silenus,  tutor  of  the  merry  god 
of  laughter,  when  he  entered  into  the  city  of  the  hundred 
gates,  rode  very  fairly  mounted  on  a  goodly  ass.'  '  It  is 
like,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  that  he  rode,  as  you  say,  upon  an  ass; 
but  there  is  great  difference  betwixt  riding  and  being  cast 
athwart  upon  one  like  a  sack  of  rubbish.'  To  this  Don 
Quixote  answered  :  '  The  wounds  that  are  received  in 
battle  do  rather  give  honour  than  deprive  men  of  it ; 
wherefore,  friend  Panza,  do  not  reply  any  more  unto  me, 
but,  as  I  have  said,  arise  as  well  as  thou  canst,  and  lay  me 
as  thou  pleasest  upon  thy  beast,  and  let  us  depart  from 
hence  before  the  night  overtake  us  in  these  deserts.' 
'  Yet  I  have  heard  you  say,'  quoth  Panza,  '  that  it  was  an 


io8  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

ordinary  custom  of  knights-errant  to  sleep  in  downs  and 
deserts  the  most  of  the  year,  and  that  so  to  do  they  hold 
for  very  good  hap/  '  That  is,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  when 
they  have  none  other  shift,  or  when  they  are  in  love  ;  and 
this  is  so  true  as  that  there  hath  been  a  knight  that  hath 
dwelt  on  a  rock,  exposed  to  the  sun  and  the  shadow,  and 
other  annoances  of  heaven,  for  the  space  of  two  years, 
without  his  lady's  knowledge.  And  Amadis  was  one  of 
that  kind,  when,  calling  himself  Beltenebros,  he  dwelt  in 
the  Poor  Rock,  nor  do  I  know  punctually  eight  years  or 
eight  months,  for  I  do  not  remember  the  history  well ;  let  it 
suffice  that  there  he  dwelt  doing  of  penance,  for  some  disgust 
which  I  know  not,  that  his  lady,  Oriana,  did  him.  'But, 
leaving  that  apart,  Sancho,  despatch  and  away  before  some 
other  disgrace  happen,  like  that  of  Rozinante,  to  the  ass.' 

*  Even  there  lurks  the  devil,'  quoth  Sancho ;  and  so, 
breathing  thirty  sobs  and  threescore  sighs,  and  a  hundred 
and  twenty  discontents  and  execrations  against  him  that 
had  brought  him  there,  he  arose,  remaining  bent  in  the 
midst  of  the  way,  like  unto  a  Turkish  bow,  without  being 
able  to  address  himself;  and,  notwithstanding  all  this 
difficulty,  he  harnessed  his  ass  (who  had  been  also  some- 
what distracted  by  the  overmuch  liberty  of  that  day),  and 
after  he  hoisted  up  Rozinante,  who,  were  he  endowed  with 
a  tongue  to  complain,  would  certainly  have  borne  his  lord 
and  Sancho  company.  In  the  end  Sancho  laid  Don 
Quixote  on  the  ass,  and  tied  Rozinante  unto  him,  and, 
leading  the  ass  by  the  halter,  travelled  that  way  which  he 
deemed  might  conduct  him  soonest  toward  the  highway. 
And  fortune,  which  guided  his  affairs  from  good  to  better, 
after  he  had  travelled  a  little  league,  discovered  it  unto 
him,  near  unto  which  he  saw  an  inn,  which,  in  despite  of 
him,  and  for  Don  Quixote's  pleasure,  must  needs  be  a 
castle.  Sancho  contended  that  it  was  an  inn,  and  his  lord 
that  it  was  not ;  and  their  controversy  endured  so  long  as 
they  had  leisure,  before  they  could  decide  it,  to  arrive  at 
the  lodging ;  into  which  Sancho,  without  further  verifying 
of  the  dispute,  entered  with  all  his  loading. 


Chap.  II  ADVENTURES   AT   AN   INN  109 


CHAPTER  II 

Of  that  which  happened  unto  the  Ingenuous  Knight^  within 
the  Inn^  which  he  supposed  to  he  a   Castle 

The  innkeeper,  seeing  Don  Quixote  laid  overthwart  upon 
the  ass,  demanded  of  Sancho  what  disease  he  had.  Sancho 
answered  that  it  was  nothing  but  a  fall  down  from  a  rock, 
and  that  his  ribs  were  thereby  somewhat  bruised.  This 
innkeeper  had  a  wife,  not  of  the  condition  that  those  of 
that  trade  are  wont  to  be ;  for  she  was  of  a  charitable 
nature,  and  would  grieve  at  the  calamities  of  her  neigh- 
bours, and  did  therefore  presently  occur  to  cure  Don 
Quixote,  causing  her  daughter,  a  very  comely  young 
maiden,  to  assist  her  to  cure  her  guest.  There  likewise 
served  in  the  inn  an  Asturian  wench,  who  was  broad-faced, 
flat-pated,  saddle-nosed,  blind  of  one  eye,  and  the  other 
almost  out ;  true  it  is,  that  the  comeliness  of  her  body 
supplied  all  the  other  defects.  She  was  not  seven  palms 
long  from  her  feet  unto  her  head ;  and  her  shoulders, 
which  did  somewhat  burden  her,  made  her  look  oftener  to 
the  ground  than  she  would  willingly.  This  beautiful 
piece  did  assist  the  young  maiden,  and  both  of  them  made 
a  very  bad  bed  for  Don  Quixote  in  an  old  wide  chamber, 
which  gave  manifest  tokens  of  itself  that  it  had  sometimes 
served  many  years  only  to  keep  chopped  straw  for  horses ; 
in  which  was  also  lodged  a  carrier,  whose  bed  was  made  a 
little  way  off  from  Don  Quixote's,  which,  though  it  was 
made  of  canvas  and  coverings  of  his  mules,  was  much 
better  than  the  knight's,  that  only  contained  four  boards 
roughly  planed,  placed  on  two  unequal  tressels ;  a  flock- 
bed,  which  in  the  thinness  seemed  rather  a  quilt,  full  of 
pellets,  and  had  not  they  shown  that  they  were  wool, 
through  certain  breaches  made  by  antiquity  on  the  tick,  a 
man  would  by  the  hardness  rather  take  them  to  be  stones ; 
a  pair  of  sheets  made  of  the  skins  of  targets ;  a  coverlet, 
whose  threads  if  a  man  would  number,  he  should  not  lose 
one  only  of  the  account. 


no  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

In  this  ungracious  bed  did  Don  Quixote  lie,  and  pre- 
sently the  hostess  and  her  daughter  anointed  him  all  over, 
and  Maritornes  (for  so  the  Asturian  wench  was  called)  did 
hold  the  candle.  The  hostess  at  the  plaistering  of  him, 
perceiving  him  to  be  so  bruised  in  sundry  places,  she  said 
unto  him  that  those  signs  rather  seemed  to  proceed  of 
blows  than  of  a  fall.  'They  were  not  blows,'  replied 
Sancho ;  '  but  the  rock  had  many  sharp  ends  and  knobs 
on  it,  whereof  every  one  left  behind  it  a  token  ;  and  I 
desire  you,  good  mistress,'  quoth  he,  '  to  leave  some  flax 
behind,  and  there  shall  not  want  one  that  needeth  the  use 
of  them;  for,  I  assure  you,  my  back  doth  likewise  ache.' 
'  If  that  be  so,'  quoth  the  hostess,  '  it  is  likely  that  thou 
didst  also  fall.'  '  I  did  not  fall,'  quoth  Sancho  Panza, 
'  but  with  the  sudden  affright  that  I  took  at  my  master's 
fall,  my  body  doth  so  grieve  me,  as  methinks  I  have  been 
handsomely  belaboured.'  '  It  may  well  happen  as  thou 
sayst,'  quoth  the  hostess's  daughter ;  '  for  it  hath  befallen 
me  sundry  times  to  dream  that  I  fell  down  from  some 
high  tower,  and  could  never  come  to  the  ground ;  and 
when  I  awoke,  I  did  find  myself  so  troubled  and  broken, 
as  if  I  had  verily  fallen.'  '  There  is  the  point,  masters,' 
quoth  Sancho  Panza,  '  that  I,  without  dreaming  at  all,  but 
being  more  awake  than  I  am  at  this  hour,  found  myself  to 
have  very  few  less  tokens  and  marks  than  my  lord  Don 
Quixote  hath.'  *  How  is  this  gentleman  called  ? '  quoth 
Maritornes  the  Asturian.  '  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha,' 
replied  Sancho  Panza ;  '  and  he  is  a  knight-errant,  and  one 
of  the  best  and  strongest  that  have  been  seen  in  the  world 
these  many  ages.'  *  What  is  that,  a  knight-errant  ? ' 
quoth  the  wench.  '  Art  thou  so  young  in  the  world  that 
thou  knowest  it  not  ? '  answered  Sancho  Panza.  '  Know 
then,  sister  mine,  that  a  knight-errant  is  a  thing  which,  in 
two  words,  you  see  well  cudgelled,  and  after  becomes  an 
emperor.  To-day  he  is  the  most  unfortunate  creature  of 
the  world,  and  the  most  needy ;  and  to-morrow  he  will 
have  two  or  three  crowns  of  kingdoms  to  bestow  upon  his 
squire.'  '  If  it  be  so,'  quoth  the  hostess,  '  why,  then,  hast 
not  thou  gotten  at  least  an  earldom,  seeing  thou  art  this 


Chap.  II  ADVENTURES   AT   AN   INN  1 1 1 

good  knight  his  squire  ? '  'It  is  yet  too  soon/  replied 
Sancho  ;  '  for  it  is  but  a  month  since  we  began  first  to  seek 
adventures,  and  we  have  not  yet  encountered  any  worthy  of 
the  name.  And  sometimes  it  befalls,  that  searching  for 
one  thing  we  encounter  another.  True  it  is  that,  if  my 
lord  Don  Quixote  recover  of  this  wound  or  fall,  and  that 
I  be  not  changed  by  it,  I  would  not  make  an  exchange  of 
my  hopes  for  the  best  title  of  Spain.'  Don  Quixote  did 
very  attentively  listen  unto  all  these  discourses,  and,  sitting 
up  in  his  bed  as  well  as  he  could,  taking  his  hostess  by  the 
hand,  he  said  unto  her :  *  Believe  me,  beautiful  lady,  that 
you  may  count  yourself  fortunate  for  having  harboured 
my  person  in  this  your  castle,  which  is  such,  that  if  I  do 
not  praise  it,  it  is  because  men  say  that  proper  praise 
stinks ;  but  my  squire  will  inform  you  what  I  am :  only 
this  I  will  say  myself,  that  I  will  keep  eternally  written  in 
my  memory  the  service  that  you  have  done  unto  me,  to 
be  grateful  unto  you  for  it  whilst  I  live.  And  I  would  it 
might  please  the  highest  heavens  that  love  held  me  not  so 
enthralled  and  subject  to  his  laws  as  he  doth,  and  to  the 
eyes  of  that  ungrateful  fair  whose  name  I  secretly  mutter, 
then  should  those  of  this  beautiful  damsel  presently 
signiorise  my  liberty.'  The  hostess,  her  daughter,  and 
the  good  Maritornes  remained  confounded,  hearing  the 
speech  of  our  knight-errant,  which  they  understood  as 
well  as  if  he  had  spoken  Greek  unto  them ;  but  yet  they 
conceived  that  they  were  words  of  compliments  and  love, 
and  as  people  unused  to  hear  the  like  language,  they  beheld 
and  admired  him,  and  he  seemed  unto  them  a  man  of  the 
other  world  ;  and  so,  returning  him  thanks,  with  tavernly 
phrase,  for  his  large  offers,  they  departed.  And  the 
Asturian  Maritornes  cured  Sancho,  who  needed  her  help 
no  less  than  his  master. 

The  carrier  and  she  had  agreed  to  pass  the  night 
together,  and  she  had  given  unto  him  her  word  that,  when 
the  guests  were  quiet  and  her  master  sleeping,  she  would 
come  unto  him  and  satisfy  his  desire,  as  much  as  he 
pleased.  And  it  is  said  of  this  good  wench,  that  she  never 
passed  the  like  promise  but  that  she  performed  it,  although 


112  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

it  were  given  in  the  midst  of  a  wood,  and  without  any 
witness ;  for  she  presumed  to  be  of  gentle  blood,  and  yet 
she  held  it  no  disgrace  to  serve  in  an  inn ;  for  she  was 
wont  to  affirm  that  disgraces  and  misfortunes  brought  her 
to  that  state.  The  hard,  narrow,  niggard,  and  counterfeit 
bed  whereon  Don  Quixote  lay  was  the  first  of  the  four, 
and  next  unto  it  was  his  squire's,  that  only  contained  a 
mat  and  a  coverlet,  and  rather  seemed  to  be  of  shorn 
canvas  than  wool.  After  these  two  beds  followed  that  of 
the  carrier,  made,  as  we  have  said,  of  the  pannels  and 
furniture  of  two  of  his  best  mules,  although  they  were 
twelve  all  in  number,  fair,  fat,  and  goodly  beasts  ;  for  he 
was  one  of  the  richest  carriers  of  Arevalo,  as  the  author 
of  this  history  affirmeth,  who  maketh  particular  mention 
of  him,  because  he  knew  him  very  well,^  and  besides,  some 
men  say  that  he  was  somewhat  akin  unto  him ;  omitting 
that  Cid  Mahamet  Benengeli  was  a  very  exact  historio- 
grapher, and  most  curious  in  all  things,  as  may  be  gathered 
very  well,  seeing  that  those  which  are  related  being  so 
minute  and  trivial,  he  would  not  overslip  them  in  silence. 

By  which  those  grave  historiographers  may  take  example, 
which  recount  unto  us  matters  so  short  and  succinctly 
as  they  do  scarce  arrive  to  our  knowledge,  leaving  the 
most  substantial  part  of  the  works  drowned  in  the  ink- 
horn,  either  through  negligence,  malice,  or  ignorance. 
Many  good  fortunes  betide  the  author  of  'Tablante  de 
Ricamonte^  and  him  that  wrote  the  book  wherein  are 
rehearsed  the  acts  of  the  Count  Tomillas  :  Lord  !  with 
what  preciseness  do  they  describe  every  circumstance.  To 
conclude,  I  say  that,  after  the  carrier  had  visited  his 
mules,  and  given  unto  them  their  second  refreshing,  he 
stretched  himself  in  his  coverlets,  and  expected  the  coming 
of  the  most  exquisite  Maritornes.  Sancho  was  also,  by 
this,  plaistered  and  laid  down  in  his  bed,  and  though  he 
desired  to  sleep,  yet  would  not  the  grief  of  his  ribs  permit 
him.  And  Don  Quixote,  with  the  pain  of  his  sides,  lay  with 
both  his  eyes  open,  like  a  hare. 

^Here  the  author  taxeth  some  one  cunningly  to  be  descended  of 
a  Moorish  race. 


Chap.  II  MARITORNES  1 1 3 

All  the  inn  was  drowned  in  silence,  and  there  was  no 
other  light  in  it  than  that  of  a  lamp,  which  hung  lighting 
in  the  midst  of  the  entry.  This  marvellous  quietness,  and 
the  thoughts  which  always  represented  to  our  knight  the 
memory  of  the  successes  which  at  every  pace  are  recounted 
in  books  of  knighthood  (the  principal  authors  of  this  mis- 
hap), called  to  his  imagination  one  of  the  strangest  follies 
that  easily  may  be  conjectured  ;  which  was,  he  imagined 
that  he  arrived  to  a  famous  castle  (for,  as  we  have  said,  all 
the  inns  wherein  he  lodged  seemed  unto  him  to  be  such), 
and  that  the  innkeeper's  daughter  was  the  lord's  daughter 
of  the  castle,  who,  overcome  by  his  comeliness  and  valour, 
was  enamoured  of  him,  and  had  promised  that  she  would 
come  to  solace  with  him  for  a  good  space,  after  her  father 
and  mother  had  gone  to  bed.  And  holding  all  this 
chimera  and  fiction,  which  he  himself  had  built  in  his 
brain,  for  most  firm  and  certain,  he  began  to  be  vexed  in 
mind,  and  to  think  on  the  dangerous  trance,  wherein  his 
honesty  was  like  to  fall,  and  did  firmly  purpose  in  heart 
not  to  commit  any  disloyalty  against  his  lady,  Dulcinea  of 
Toboso,  although  very  Queen  Genever,  with  her  lady, 
Queintanonia,  should  come  to  solicit  him.  Whilst  thus 
he  lay  thinking  of  these  follies,  the  hour  approached  (that 
was  unlucky  for  him)  wherein  the  Asturian  wench  should 
come,  who  entered  into  the  chamber  in  search  of  her 
carrier,  in  her  smock,  barefooted,  and  her  hair  trussed  up 
in  a  coif  of  fustian,  with  soft  and  wary  steps.  But  she  was 
scarce  come  to  the  door  when  Don  Quixote  felt  her,  and, 
arising  and  sitting  up  in  his  bed,  in  despite  of  his  plaisters^ 
and  with  great  grief  of  his  ribs,  he  stretched  forth  his  arms 
to  receive  his  beautiful  damsel,  the  Asturian,  who,  crouch- 
ing and  silently,  went  groping  with  her  hands  to  find  out 
her  sweetheart,  and  encountered  with  Don  Quixote's  arms, 
who  presently  seized  very  strongly  upon  one  of  her  wrists, 
and,  drawing  her  towards  him  (she  daring  not  to  speak  a 
word),  he  caused  her  to  sit  upon  his  bed's  side,  and  presently 
groped  her  smock,  and  although  it  was  of  the  strongest 
canvas,^  he  thought  it  was  most  subtle  and  fine  hoUand. 

^  Bismas.  2  Harpilkr, 

I.  H 


114  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

She  wore  on  her  wrists  certain  bracelets  of  glass,  which 
he  esteemed  to  be  precious  oriental  pearls.  Her  hair 
which  was  almost  as  rough  as  a  horse-tail,  he  held 
to  be  wires  of  the  glisteringest  gold  of  Arabia,  whose 
brightness  did  obscure  that  of  the  sun ;  and  her  breath, 
which  certainly  smelled  like  to  stale  salt-fish  reserved 
from  over  night,  seemed  unto  him  a  most  redolent, 
aromatical,  and  sweet  smell.  And  finally,  he  painted  her  in 
his  fantasy  of  the  same  very  form  and  manner  as  he  had 
read  in  his  books  of  knighthood,  of  a  certain  princess 
which  came  to  visit  a  knight  who  was  grievously  wounded, 
being  overcome  by  his  love,  embellished  with  all  the  orna- 
ments that  here  we  have  recounted  ;  and  the  blindness  of 
this  poor  gallant  was  such,  as  neither  the  touching,  savour, 
or  other  things  that  accompanied  the  good  damsel,  could 
undeceive  him,  being  such  as  were  able  to  make  any  other, 
save  a  carrier,  vomit  up  his  bowels ;  but  rather  he  made  full 
account  that  he  held  the  goddess  of  love  between  his  arms, 
and,  holding  her  still  very  fast,  he  began  to  court  her,  with 
a  low  and  amorous  voice,  in  this  manner :  '  I  could  wish 
to  find  myself  in  terms,  most  high  and  beautiful  lady,  to 
be  able  to  recompense  so  great  a  favour  as  that  which, 
with  the  presence  of  your  matchless  feature,  you  have 
shown  unto  me ;  but  fortune  (who  is  never  weary  of 
persecuting  the  good)  hath  pleased  to  lay  me  in  this  bed, 
wherein  I  lie  so  broken  and  bruised,  that  although  I  were 
desirous  to  satisfy  your  will,  yet  it  is  impossible  ;  especially 
seeing  to  that  impossibility  may  be  added  a  greater,  to  wit, 
the  promised  faith  which  I  have  given  to  the  unmatchable 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  the  only  lady  of  my  most  hidden 
thoughts;  for  did  not  this  let  me,  do  not  hold  me  to 
be  so  senseless  and  mad  a  knight  as  to  overslip  so  for- 
tunate an  occasion  as  this  which  your  bounty  hath  offered 
to  me.' 

Maritornes  remained  sweating,  through  anxiety,  to  see 
herself  held  so  fast  by  Don  Quixote,  and,  without  either 
understanding  or  giving  attention  to  his  words,  she  laboured 
all  that  she  could  to  free  herself  from  him  without  speaking 
a  word.      The   carrier,   whose    bad    intention    kept  him 


Chap.  II  MARITORNES  115 

still  waking,  did  hear  his  lady  from  the  time  that  she 
first  entered  into  the  room,  and  did  attentively  give  ear 
to  all  Don  Quixote's  discourses ;  and,  jealous  that  the 
Asturian  should  break  promise  with  him  for  any  other, 
he  drew  nearer  unto  Don  Quixote's  bed,  and  stood 
quiet  to  see  whereunto  those  words  which  he  could  not 
understand  tended ;  but  viewing  that  the  wench  strove  to 
depart,  and  Don  Quixote  laboured  to  withhold  her,  the 
jest  seeming  evil  unto  him,  he  up  with  his  arm,  and 
discharged  so  terrible  a  blow  on  the  enamoured  knight's 
jaws  as  he  bathed  all  his  mouth  in  blood ;  and,  not 
content  herewithal,  he  mounted  upon  the  knight,  and 
did  tread  on  his  ribs,  and  passed  them  all  over  with 
more  than  a  trot. 

The  bed,  which  was  somewhat  weak,^  and  not  very  firm 
of  foundation,  being  unable  to  suffer  the  addition  of  the 
carrier,  fell  down  to  the  ground  with  so  great  a  noise  as  it 
waked  the  innkeeper  ;  who,  presently  suspecting  that  it  was 
one  of  Maritornes'  conflicts,  because  she  answered  him 
not,  having  called  her  loudly,  he  forthwith  arose,  and, 
lighting  of  a  lamp,  he  went  towards  the  place  where  he 
heard  the  noise.  The  wench,  perceiving  that  her  master 
came,  and  that  he  was  extreme  choleric,  did,  all  ashamed 
and  troubled,  run  into  Sancho  Panza's  bed,  who  slept  all 
this  while  very  soundly,  and  there  crouched,  and  made  her- 
self as  little  as  an  egg. 

Her  master  entered,  crying,  *  Whore,  where  art  thou  ? 
I  dare  warrant  that  these  are  some  of  thy  doings.'  By 
this  Sancho  awaked,  and,  feeling  that  bulk  lying  almost 
wholly  upon  him,  he  thought  it  was  the  nightmare,  and 
began  to  lay  with  his  fists  here  and  there  about  him  very 
swiftly,  and  among  others  wrought  Maritornes  I  know  not 
how  many  blows  ;  who,  grieved  for  the  pain  she  endured 
there,  casting  all  honesty  aside,  gave  Sancho  the  exchange  of 
his  blows  so  trimly  as  she  made  him  to  awake  in  despite 
of  his  sluggishness.  And,  finding  himself  to  be  so  abused 
of  an  uncouth  person,  whom  he  could  not  behold,  he 
arose  and  caught  hold  of  Maritornes  as  well  as  he  could, 

1  Endeble. 


ii6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

and  they  both  began  the  best  fight  and  pleasantest  skirmish 
in  the  world. 

The  carrier,  perceiving  by  the  light  which  the  innkeeper 
brought  in  with  him,  the  lamentable  state  of  his  mistress, 
abandoning  Don  Quixote,  he  instantly  repaired  to  give  her 
the  succour  that  was  requisite,  which  likewise  the  inn- 
keeper did,  but  with  another  meaning  ;  for  he  approached 
with  intention  to  punish  the  wench,  believing  that  she  was 
infallibly  the  cause  of  all  that  harmony.  And  so,  as  men 
say,  the  cat  to  the  rat,  the  rat  to  the  cord,  the  cord  to  the 
post  :  so  the  carrier  struck  Sancho,  Sancho  the  wench,  she 
returned  him  again  his  liberality  with  interest,  and  the  inn- 
keeper laid  load  upon  his  maid  also  ;  and  all  of  them  did 
mince  it  with  such  expedition,  as  there  was  no  leisure  at 
all  allowed  to  any  one  of  them  for  breathing.  And  the 
best  of  all  was,  that  the  innkeeper's  lamp  went  out,  and 
then,  finding  themselves  in  darkness,  they  belaboured  one 
another  so  without  compassion,  and  at  once,  as  whereso- 
ever the  blow  fell,  it  bruised  the  place  pitifully. 

There  lodged  by  chance  that  night  in  the  inn  one  of  the 
squadron  of  these  which  are  called  of  the  old  Holy  Brother- 
hood of  Toledo  ;^  he  likewise  hearing  the  wonderful  noise 
of  the  fight,  laid  hand  on  his  rod  of  office  and  the  tin  box 
of  his  titles,  and  entered  into  the  chamber  without  light, 
saying,  '  Stand  still  to  the  officer  of  justice  and  to  the  holy 
brotherhood.'  And,  saying  so,  the  first  whom  he  met 
was  the  poor  battered  Don  Quixote,  who  lay  overthrown 
in  his  bed,  stretched,  with  his  face  upward,  without  any 
feeling  ;  and,  taking  hold  of  his  beard,  he  cried  out  inces- 
santly, '  Help  the  justice  !  '  But,  seeing  that  he  whom  he 
held  fast  bowed  neither  hand  nor  foot,  he  presently  thought 
that  he  was  dead,  and  that  those  battaillants  that  fought  so 
eagerly  in  the  room  had  slain  him  ;  wherefore  he  lifted  his 
voice  and  cried  out  loudly,  saying,  '  Shut  the  inn-door,  and 
see  that  none  escape  ;  for  here  they  have  killed  a  man  !  ' 
This  word  astonished  all  the  combatants  so  much,  as  every 
one  left  the  battle  in  the  very  terms  wherein  this  voice  had 

^  The  Holy  Brotherhood,  or  the  Sancta  Hermandad,  are  a  certain 
number  of  men  whose  chief  office  is  to  free  the  highway  from  robbers. 


Chap.  II  THE   HOLY   BROTHER  117 

overtaken  them.  The  innkeeper  retired  himself  to  his 
chamber,  the  carrier  to  his  coverlets,  the  wench  to  her 
couch ;  and  only  the  unfortunate  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho 
were  not  able  to  move  themselves  from  the  place  wherein 
they  lay.  The  officer  of  the  Holy  Brotherhood  in  this 
space  letting  slip  poor  Don  Quixote's  beard,  went  out  for 
light  to  search  and  apprehend  the  delinquents  ;  but  he 
could  not  find  any,  for  the  innkeeper  had  purposely 
quenched  the  lamp  as  he  retired  to  his  bed  ;  wherefore 
the  officer  was  constrained  to  repair  to  the  chimney,  where, 
with  great  difficulty,  after  he  had  spent  a  long  while  doing 
of  it,  he  at  last  lighted  a  candle. 


CHAPTER   HI 

Wherein  are  rehearsed  the  Innumerable  Misfortunes  which 
Don  ^ixote  and  his  good  Squire  Sancho  suffered  in  the 
Inn^  which  he^  to  his  harm,  thought  to  be  a  Castle 

By  this  time  Don  Quixote  was  come  to  himself  again  out 
of  his  trance,  and,  with  the  like  lamentable  note  as  that 
wherewithal  he  had  called  his  squire  the  day  before,  when 
he  was  overthrown  in  the  vale  of  the  pack-staves,  he 
called  to  him,  saying,  '  Friend  Sancho,  art  thou  asleep  } 
sleepest  thou,  friend  Sancho  .^ '  '■  What !  I  asleep  }  I 
renounce  myself,*  quoth  Sancho,  full  of  grief  and  despite, 
'  if  I  think  not  all  the  devils  in  hell  have  been  visiting  of 
me  here  this  night  !  '  '  Thou  mayst  certainly  believe  it,* 
replied  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  either  I  know  very  little,  or 
else  this  castle  is  enchanted.  For  I  let  thee  to  wit — but 
thou  must  first  swear  to  keep  secret  that  which  I  mean  to 
tell  thee  now,  until  after  my  death.'  '  So  I  swear,'  quoth 
Sancho.  '  I  say  it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  because  I  cannot 
abide  to  take  away  anybody's  honour.'  '  Why,'  quoth 
Sancho  again,  '  I  swear  that  I  will  conceal  it  until  after 
your  worship's  days  ;  and  I  pray  God  that  I  may  discover 


ii8  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

it  to-morrow.'  '  Have  I  wrought  thee  such  harm,  Sancho,' 
replied  the  knight,  '  as  thou  wouldst  desire  to  see  me  end 
so  soon  ? '  *  It  is  not  for  that,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  but 
because  I  cannot  abide  to  keep  things  long,  lest  they 
should  rot  in  my  custody.'  '  Let  it  be  for  what  thou 
pleasest,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  'for  I  do  trust  greater 
matters  than  that  to  thy  love  and  courtesy.  And  that  I 
may  rehearse  it  unto  thee  briefly,  know  that,  a  little  while 
since,  the  lord  of  this  castle's  daughter  came  unto  me,  who 
is  the  most  fair  and  beautiful  damsel  that  can  be  found  in 
a  great  part  of  the  earth.  What  could  I  say  unto  thee  of 
the  ornaments  of  her  person  ?  what  of  her  excellent  wit  ? 
what  of  other  secret  things  ?  which,  that  I  may  preserve 
the  faith  due  unto  my  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  I  pass 
over  in  silence.  I  will  only  tell  thee  that  Heaven,  envious 
of  the  inestimable  good  that  fortune  had  put  in  my  hands ; 
or  perhaps  (and  that  is  most  probable)  this  castle,  as  I 
have  said,  is  enchanted  ;  just  at  the  time  when  we  were  in 
most  sweet  and  amorous  speech,  I  being  not  able  to  see  or 
know  from  whence  it  came,  there  arrived  a  hand,  joined 
to  the  arm  of  some  mighty  giant,  and  gave  me  such  a 
blow  on  the  jaws  as  they  remain  all  bathed  in  blood,  and 
did  after  so  thump  and  bruise  me  as  I  feel  myself  worse 
now  than  yesterday,  when  the  carriers,  through  Rozinante's 
madness,  did  use  us  thou  knowest  how.  By  which  I  con- 
jecture that  the  treasure  of  this  damsel's  beauty  is  kept  by 
some  enchanted  Moor,  and  is  not  reserved  for  me.'  '  Nor 
for  me,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  for  I  have  been  bombasted  by 
more  than  four  hundred  Moors,  which  have  hammered 
me  in  such  sort  as  the  bruising  of  the  pack-staves  was 
gilded  bread  and  spice-cakes  in  comparison  of  it.  But,  sir, 
I  pray  you  tell  me,  how  can  you  call  this  a  good  and  rare 
adventure,  seeing  we  remain  so  pitifully  used  after  it  ? 
And  yet  your  harms  may  be  accounted  less,  in  respect  you 
have  held,  as  you  said,  that  incomparable  beauty  between 
your  arms.  But  I,  what  have  I  had  other  than  the 
greatest  blows  that  I  shall  ever  have  in  my  life  ?  Un- 
fortunate that  I  am,  and  the  mother  that  bare  me  !  that 
neither  am  an  errant-knight,  nor  ever  means  to  be  any. 


Chap.  Ill  THE   HOLY   BROTHER  119 

and  yet  the  greatest  part  of  our  mishaps  still  falls  to  my 
lot.'  '  It  seems  that  thou  wast  likewise  beaten,'  replied 
Don  Quixote.  '  Evil  befal  my  lineage  !  '  quoth  Sancho  ; 
'  have  not  I  told  you  I  was  ? '  'Be  not  grieved,  friend,' 
replied  the  knight ;  '  for  I  will  now  compound  the  precious 
balsam,  which  will  cure  us  in  the  twinkling  of  an  eye.' 

The  officer  having  by  this  time  lighted  his  lamp, 
entered  into  the  room  to  see  him  whom  he  accounted  to 
be  dead ;  and  as  soon  as  Sancho  saw  him,  seeing  him  come 
in  in  his  shirt,  his  head  wrapped  up  in  a  kerchief,  the  lamp 
in  his  hand,  having  withal  a  very  evil-favoured  counten- 
ance, he  demanded  of  his  lord, — *  Sir,  is  this  by  chance  the 
enchanted  Moor,  that  turns  anew  to  torment  us  for  some- 
what that  is  yet  unpunished  ? '  '  He  cannot  be  the  Moor,' 
answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  necromancers  suffer  not 
themselves  to  be  seen  by  any.'  '  If  they  suffer  not  them- 
selves to  be  seen,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  they  suffer  themselves 
at  least  to  be  felt ;  if  not,  let  my  shoulders  bear  witness.' 
'So  might  mine  also,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  'but,  notwith- 
standing, this  is  no  sufficient  argument  to  prove  him  whom 
we  see  to  be  the  enchanted  Moor.'  As  thus  they  dis- 
coursed, the  officer  arrived,  and,  finding  them  to  commune 
in  so  peaceable  and  quiet  manner,  he  rested  admired.  Yet 
Don  Quixote  lay  with  his  face  upward  as  he  had  left  him, 
and  was  not  able  to  stir  himself,  he  was  so  beaten  and 
beplaistered.  The  officer  approaching,  demanded  of  him, 
'  Well,  how  dost  thou,  good  fellow  ?'  'I  would  speak 
more  mannerly,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  if  I  were  but  such  a 
one  as  thou  art.  Is  it  the  custom  of  this  country,  you 
bottle-head  !  to  talk  after  so  rude  a  manner  to  knights- 
errant  ? '  The  other,  impatient  to  see  one  of  so  vile 
presence  use  him  with  that  bad  language,  could  not  endure 
it  ;  but,  lifting  up  the  lamp,  oil  and  all,  gave  Don  Quixote 
such  a  blow  on  the  pate  with  it  as  he  broke  his  head  in 
one  or  two  places,  and,  leaving  all  in  darkness  behind  him, 
departed  presently  out  of  the  chamber.  '  Without  doubt,' 
quoth  Sancho,  seeing  this  accident,  '  sir,  that  was  the 
enchanted  Moor  ;  and  I  think  he  keepeth  the  treasure  for 
others,  and  reserveth  only  for  us  fists  and  lamp-blows.' 


120  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

'  It  is  as  thou  sayst,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  *  and  therefore 
we  are  not  to  make  account  of  these  enchantments,  or  be 
wroth  and  angry  at  them ;  for,  in  respect  that  they  are  invisible 
and  fantastical,  we  shall  not  find  him  on  whom  we  may 
take  revenge,  though  we  labour  ever  so  much  to  do  it. 
Arise,  therefore,  Sancho,  if  thou  beest  able,  and  call  to 
the  constable  of  this  fortress,  and  procure  me  some  oil, 
wine,  salt,  and  vinegar,  that  I  make  the  wholesome 
balsam  ;  for  verily  I  believe  that  I  do  need  it  very  much 
at  this  time,  the  blood  runneth  so  fast  out  of  the  wound 
which  the  spirit  gave  me  even  now.'  Sancho  then  got  up, 
with  grief  enough  of  his  bones,  and  went  without  light 
towards  the  innkeeper's,  and  encountered  on  the  way  the 
officer  of  the  holy  brotherhood,  who  stood  barkening  what 
did  become  of  his  enemy  ;  to  whom  he  said,  'Sir,  whosoever 
thou  beest,  I  desire  thee,  do  us  the  favour  and  benefit  to 
give  me  a  little  rosemary,  oil,  wine,  and  salt,  to  cure  one  or 
the  best  knights-errant  that  is  in  the  earth,  who  lieth  now 
in  that  bed,  sorely  wounded  by  the  hands  of  an  enchanted 
Moor  that  is  in  this  inn.'  When  the  officer  heard  him 
speak  in  that  manner,  he  held  him  to  be  out  of  his  wits ; 
and  because  the  dawning  began,  he  opened  the  inn-door, 
and  told  unto  the  host  that  which  Sancho  demanded.  The 
innkeeper  presently  provided  all  that  he  wanted,  and 
Sancho  carried  it  to  his  master,  who  held  his  head  between 
both  his  hands,  and  complained  much  of  the  grief  that  the 
blow  of  his  head  caused,  which  did  him  no  other  hurt 
than  to  raise  up  two  blisters  somewhat  great,  and  that 
which  he  supposed  to  be  blood  was  only  the  humour 
which  the  anxiety  and  labour  of  mind  he  passed  in  this 
last  dark  adventure  had  made  him  to  sweat. 

In  resolution,  Don  Quixote  took  his  simples,  of  which 
he  made  a  compound,  mixing  them  all  together,  and  then 
boiling  of  them  a  good  while,  until  they  came  (as  he 
thought)  to  their  perfection.  He  asked  for  a  vial  wherein 
he  might  lay  this  precious  liquor  ;  but,  the  inn  being 
unable  to  afford  him  any  such,  he  resolved  at  last  to  put  it 
into  a  tin  oil-pot,^  which  the  host  did  freely  give  him,  and 

1  Hosa  de  lata. 


Chap.  Ill  THE    BALSAM  I2i 

forthwith  he  said  over  the  pot  eighty  paternosters,  and  as 
many  aves,  salves,  and  creeds,  and  accompanied  every 
word  with  a  cross,  in  form  of  benediction ;  at  all  which 
ceremonies,  Sancho,  the  innkeeper,  and  the  officer  of  the 
holy  brotherhood  were  present ;  for  the  carrier  went  very 
soberly  to  dress  and  make  ready  his  mules. 

The  liquor  being  made,  he  himself  would  presently 
make  experience  of  the  virtue  of  that  precious  balsam,  as 
he  did  imagine  it  to  be,  and  so  did  drink  a  good  draught 
of  the  overplus  that  could  not  enter  into  his  pot,  being  a 
quart  or  thereabouts  ;  and  scarce  had  he  done  it  when  he 
began  to  vomit  so  extremely  as  he  left  nothing  uncast  up 
in  his  stomach  ;  and,  through  the  pain  and  agitation  caused 
by  his  vomits,  he  fell  into  a  very  abundant  and  great  sweat, 
and  therefore  commanded  himself  to  be  well  covered,  and 
left  alone  to  take  his  ease.  Which  was  done  forthwith, 
and  he  slept  three  hours,  and  then,  awaking,  found  himself 
so  wonderfully  eased  and  free  from  all  bruising  and  pain, 
as  he  doubted  not  but  that  he  was  thoroughly  whole  ;  and 
therefore  did  verily  persuade  himself  that  he  had  happened 
on  the  right  manner  of  compounding  the  Balsam  of 
Fierabras  ;  and  that,  having  that  medicine,  he  might  boldly 
from  thenceforth  undertake  any  ruins,  battles,  conflicts,  or 
adventures,  how  dangerous  soever. 

Sancho  Panza,  who  likewise  attributed  the  sudden  cure 
of  his  master  to  miracle,  requested  that  it  would  please  him 
to  give  him  leave  to  sup  up  the  remainder  of  the  balsam 
which  rested  in  the  kettle,  and  was  no  small  quantity  ; 
which  Don  Quixote  granted  ;  and  he,  lifting  it  up  between 
both  hands,  did,  with  a  good  faith  and  better  talent,  quaff 
it  off  all,  being  little  less  than  his  master  had  drunk.  The 
success,  then,  of  the  history  is,  that  poor  Sancho's  stomach 
was  not  so  delicate  as  his  lord's,  wherefore,  before  he 
could  cast,  he  was  tormented  with  so  many  cruel  pangs, 
loathings,  sweats,  and  dismays,  as  he  did  verily  persuade 
himself  that  his  last  hour  was  come  ;  and,  perceiving 
himself  to  be  so  afflicted  and  troubled,  he  cursed  the 
balsam,  and  the  thief  which  had  given  it  to  him.  Don 
Quixote,   seeing  of  him  in   that   pitiful   taking,   said  :    *  I 


122  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

believe,  Sancho,  all  this  evil  befalleth  thee  because  thou  art 
not  dubbed  knight  ;  for  I  persuade  myself  that  this  liquor 
cannot  help  any  one  that  is  not.'  '  If  your  worship  knew 
that/  quoth  Sancho, — 'evil  befall  me  and  all  my  lineage  ! — 
why  did  you  therefore  consent  that  I  should  taste  it  ? ' 

In  this  time  the  drench  had  made  his  operation,  and  the 
poor  squire  did  so  swift  and  vehemently  discharge  himself 
by  both  channels,  as  neither  his  mat  or  canvas  covering 
could  serve  after  to  any  use.  He  sweat  and  sweat  again, 
with  such  excessive  swoonings,  as  not  only  himself,  but 
likewise  all  the  beholders,  did  verily  deem  that  his  life  was 
ending.  This  storm  and  mishap  endured  about  some  two 
hours,  after  which  he  remained  not  cured  as  his  master,  but 
so  weary  and  indisposed  as  he  was  not  able  to  stand. 

But  Don  Quixote,  who,  as  we  have  said,  felt  himself 
eased  and  cured,  would  presently  depart  to  seek  adventures, 
it  seeming  unto  him  that  all  the  time  which  he  abode  there 
was  no  other  than  a  depriving  both  of  the  world  and 
needful  people  of  his  favour  and  assistance ;  and  more, 
through  the  security  and  confidence  that  he  had  in  his 
balsam.  And  carried  thus  away  by  this  desire,  he  himself 
saddled  his  horse  Rozinante,  and  did  empannel  his  squire's 
beast,  whom  he  likewise  helped  to  apparel  himself  and  to 
mount  upon  his  ass ;  and  presently,  getting  a-horseback, 
he  rode  over  to  a  corner  of  the  inn,  and  laid  hand  on  a 
javelin  that  was  there,  to  make  it  serve  him  instead  of  a 
lance.  All  the  people  that  were  in  the  inn  stood  beholding 
him,  which  were  above  twenty  in  number. 

The  innkeeper's  daughter  did  also  look  upon  him,  and 
he  did  never  withdraw  his  eye  from  her,  and  would  ever 
and  anon  breathe  forth  so  doleful  a  sigh  as  if  he  had 
plucked  it  out  of  the  bottom  of  his  heart ;  which  all  the 
beholders  took  to  proceed  from  the  grief  of  his  ribs,  but 
especially  such  as  had  seen  him  plaistered  the  night  before. 
And,  being  both  mounted  thus  a-horseback,  he  called  the 
innkeeper,  and  said  unto  him,  with  a  grave  and  staid  voice  : 
*  Many  and  great  are  the  favours,  sir  constable,  which  I  have 
received  in  this  your  castle,  and  do  remain  most  obliged 
to  gratify  you  for  them  all  the  days  of  my  life.     And  if 


Chap.  Ill  THE  EXPENSES  OF  KNIGHTS-ERRANT  123 

I  may  pay  or  recompense  them  by  revenging  of  you  upon 
any  proud  miscreant  that  hath  done  you  any  wrongs, 
know  that  it  is  mine  office  to  help  the  weak,  to  revenge 
the  wronged,  and  to  chastise  traitors.  Call  therefore  to 
memory,  and  if  you  find  anything  of  this  kind  to  commend 
to  my  correction,  you  need  not  but  once  to  say  it ;  for  I 
do  promise  you,  by  the  order  of  knighthood  which  I  have 
received,  to  satisfy  and  apay  you  according  to  your  own 
desire.' 

The  innkeeper  answered  him  again,  with  like  gravity 
and  staidness,  saying,  '  Sir  knight,  I  shall  not  need  your 
assistance  when  any  wrong  is  done  to  me ;  for  I  know 
very  well  myself  how  to  take  the  revenge  that  I  shall  think 
good,  when  the  injury  is  offered.  That  only  which  I 
require  is,  that  you  defray  the  charges  whereat  you  have 
been  here  in  the  inn  this  night,  as  well  for  the  straw  and 
barley  given  to  your  two  horses,  as  also  for  both  your 
beds.'  *  This,  then,  is  an  inn  .^^ '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  That  it  is,  and  an  honourable  one  too,'  replied  the  inn- 
keeper. '  Then  have  I  hitherto  lived  in  an  error,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote ;  '  for,  in  very  good  sooth,  I  took  it  till  now 
to  be  a  castle,  and  that  no  mean  one  neither.  But  since 
that  it  is  no  castle,  but  an  inn,  that  which  you  may  do  for 
the  present  time  is,  to  forgive  me  those  expenses ;  for  I 
cannot  do  aught  against  the  custom  of  knights-errant ;  of 
all  which  I  most  certainly  know  (without  ever  having  read 
until  this  present  anything  to  the  contrary)  that  they 
never  paid  for  their  lodging,  or  other  thing,  in  any  inn 
wheresoever  they  lay  ;  for,  by  all  law  and  right,  any  good 
entertainment  that  is  given  unto  them  is  their  due,  in 
recompense  of  the  insupportable  travels  they  endure, 
seeking  of  adventures  both  day  and  night,  in  summer  and 
winter,  a-foot  and  a-horseback,  with  thirst  and  hunger,  in 
heat  and  cold,  being  subject  to  all  the  distemperatures  of 
heaven  and  all  the  discommodities  of  the  earth.'  'AH  that 
concerns  me  nothing,'  replied  the  innkeeper.  'Pay  unto 
me  my  due,  and  leave  these  tales  and  knighthoods  apart ; 
for  I  care  for  nothing  else  but  how  I  may  come  by  mine 
own.'     '  Thou  art  a  mad   and  a  bad   host,'   quoth   Don 


124  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Quixote.  And,  saying  so,  he  spurred  Rozinante,  and, 
flourishing  with  his  javeHn,  he  issued  out  of  the  inn  in 
despite  of  them  all,  and,  without  looking  behind  him  to 
see  once  whether  his  squire  followed,  he  rode  a  good  way 
off  from  it. 

The  innkeeper,  seeing  he  departed  without  satisfying 
him,  came  to  Sancho  Panza  to  get  his  money  of  him,  who 
answered  that,  since  his  lord  would  not  pay,  he  would 
likewise  give  nothing  ;  for  being,  as  he  was,  squire  to  a 
knight-errant,  the  very  same  rule  and  reason  that  exempted 
his  master  from  payments  in  inns  and  taverns  ought  also 
to  serve  and  be  understood  as  well  of  him.  The  inn- 
keeper grew  wroth  at  these  words,  and  threatened  him 
that,  if  he  did  not  pay  him  speedily,  he  would  recover  it 
in  manner  that  would  grieve  him.  Sancho  replied,  swear- 
ing by  the  order  of  knighthood  which  his  lord  had  received, 
that  he  would  not  pay  one  denier,  though  it  cost  him  his 
life  ;  for  the  good  and  ancient  customs  of  knights-errant 
should  never,  through  his  default,  be  infringed  ;  nor  should 
their  squires  which  are  yet  to  come  into  the  world  ever 
complain  on  him,  or  upbraid  him  for  transgressing  or 
breaking  so  just  a  duty.  But  his  bad  fortune  ordained 
that  there  were  at  the  very  time  in  the  same  inn  four 
clothiers  of  Segovia,  and  three  point-makers  of  the  stews 
of  Cordova,  and  two  neighbours  of  the  market  of  Seville, 
all  pleasant  folk,  well-minded,  malicious,  and  playsome  ;  all 
which,  pricked  and  in  a  manner  moved  all  at  one  time, 
and  by  the  very  same  spirit,  came  near  to  Sancho,  and, 
pulling  him  down  off  his  ass,  one  of  them  ran  in  for  the 
innkeeper's  coverlet,  and,  casting  him  into  it,  they  looked 
up,  and,  seeing  the  house  was  somewhat  too  low  for  their 
intended  business,  they  determined  to  go  into  the  base- 
court,  which  was  overhead  only  limited  by  heaven  ;  and 
then,  Sancho  being  laid  in  the  midst  of  the  blanket,  they 
began  to  toss  him  aloft  and  sport  themselves  with  him,  in 
the  manner  they  were  wont  to  use  dogs  at  Shrovetide. 

The  outcries  of  the  miserable  betossed  squire  were  so 
many  and  so  loud  as  they  arrived  at  last  to  his  lord's  hear- 
ing, who,  standing  awhile  to  listen  attentively  what  it  was, 


Chap.  Ill  SANCHO'S   BLANKETTING  125 

believed  that  some  new  adventure  did  approach,  until  he 
perceived  at  last  that  he  which  cried  was  his  squire  ;  where- 
fore, turning  the  reins,  he  made  towards  the  inn  with  a 
loathsome  gallop,  and,  finding  it  shut,  he  rode  all  about  it 
to  see  whether  he  might  enter  into  it.  But  scarce  was  he 
arrived  at  the  walls  of  the  base-court,  which  were  not  very 
high,  when  he  perceived  the  foul  play  that  was  used  to- 
ward his  squire  ;  for  he  saw  him  descend  and  ascend  into 
the  air  again,  with  such  grace  and  agility,  that,  did  his 
choler  permit,  I  certainly  persuade  myself,  he  would  have 
burst  for  laughter.  He  assayed  to  mount  the  wall  from 
his  horse,  but  he  was  so  bruised  and  broken  as  he  could 
not  do  so  much  as  alight  from  his  back  ;  wherefore,  from 
his  back,  he  used  such  reproachful  and  vile  language  to 
those  which  tossed  Sancho,  as  it  is  impossible  to  lay  them 
down  in  writing.  And,  notwithstanding  all  his  scornful 
speech,  yet  did  not  they  cease  from  their  laughter  and 
labour  ;  nor  the  flying  Sancho  from  his  complaints,  now 
and  then  meddled  with  threats,  now  and  then  with 
entreaties  ;  but  availed  very  little,  nor  could  prevail,  until 
they  were  constrained  by  weariness  to  give  him  over. 
Then  did  they  bring  him  his  ass  again,  and,  helping  him 
up  upon  it,  they  lapped  him  in  his  mantle  ^ ;  and  the  com- 
passionate Maritornes,  beholding  him  so  afflicted  and 
overlaboured,  thought  it  needful  to  help  him  to  a  draught 
of  water,  and  so  brought  it  him  from  the  well,  because  the 
water  thereof  was  coolest.  Sancho  took  the  pot,  and, 
laying  it  to  his  lips,  he  abstained  from  drinking  by  his 
lord's  persuasion,  who  cried  to  him  aloud,  saying,  '  Son 
Sancho,  drink  not  water  ;  drink  it  not,  son  ;  for  it  will  kill 
thee.  Behold,  I  have  here  with  me  the  most  holy  balsam  ' 
(and  showed  him  the  oil-pot  of  the  drenches  he  had  com- 
pounded) ;  '  for,  with  only  two  drops  that  thou  drinkest, 
thou  shalt,  without  all  doubt,  remain  whole  and  sound.' 
At  those  words,  Sancho,  looking  behind  him,  answered  his 
master,  with  a  louder  voice :  '  Have  you  forgotten  so  soon 
how  that  I  am  no  knight,  or  do  you  desire  that  I  vomit 
the  remnant  of  the  poor  bowels  that  remain  in  me  since 

^  Gavay. 


126  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

yesternight  ?  Keep  your  liquor  for  yourself,  in  the  devil's 
name,  and  permit  me  to  live  in  peace.'  And  the  conclu- 
sion of  this  speech  and  his  beginning  to  drink  was  done  all 
in  one  instant ;  but,  finding  at  the  first  draught  that  it  was 
water,  he  would  not  taste  it  any  more,  but  requested 
Maritornes  that  she  would  give  him  some  wine,  which  she 
did  straight  with  a  very  good  will,  and  likewise  paid  for  it 
out  of  her  own  purse  ;  for  in  effect  it  is  written  of  her,  that 
though  she  followed  that  trade,  yet  had  she  some  shadows 
and  lineaments  in  her  of  Christianity.  As  soon  as  Sancho 
had  drunken,  he  visited  his  ass's  ribs  with  his  heels  twice 
or  thrice ;  and,  the  inn  being  opened,  he  issued  out  of  it, 
very  glad  that  he  had  paid  nothing,  and  gotten  his  desire, 
although  it  were  to  the  cost  of  his  ordinary  sureties,  to 
wit,  his  shoulders.  Yet  did  the  innkeeper  remain  possessed 
of  his  wallets,  as  a  payment  for  that  he  owed  him ;  but 
Sancho  was  so  distracted  when  he  departed  as  he  never 
missed  them.  After  he  departed,  the  innkeeper  thought 
to  have  shut  up  the  inn-door  again ;  but  the  gentlemen- 
tossers  would  not  permit,  being  such  folk  that,  if  Don 
Quixote  were  verily  one  of  the  knights  of  the  Round 
Table,  yet  would  not  they  esteem  him  two  chips. 


CHAPTER  IV 

Wherein  are  rehearsed  the  Discourses  passed  between  Sancho 
Panza  and  his  Lord,  Don  ^ixote,  with  other  Adven- 
tures worthy  the  Recital 

Sancho  arrived  to  his  master  all  wan  and  dismayed, 
insomuch  as  he  was  scarce  able  to  spur  on  his  beast. 
When  Don  Quixote  beheld  him  in  that  case,  he  said  to 
him  :  '  Now  do  I  wholly  persuade  myself,  friend  Sancho, 
that  that  castle  or  inn  is  doubtless  enchanted ;  for  those 
which  made  pastime  with  thee  in  so  cruel  manner,  what 
else  could  they  be  but  spirits,  or  people  of  another  world  } 


Chap.  IV  SANCHO  DISHEARTENED  127 

which  I  do  the  rather  believe,  because  I  saw  that,  whilst  I 
stood  at  the  barrier  of  the  yard,  beholding  the  acts  of  thy 
sad  tragedy,  I  was  not  in  any  wise  able  either  to  mount  it, 
or  alight  from  Rozinante ;  for,  as  I  say,  I  think  they  held 
me  then  enchanted.  For  I  vow  to  thee,  by  mine  honour, 
that  if  I  could  have  either  mounted  or  alighted,  I  would 
have  taken  such  vengeance  on  those  lewd  and  treacherous 
caitiffs  as  they  should  remember  the  jest  for  ever,  though 
I  had  therefore  adventured  to  transgress  the  laws  of  knight- 
hood ;  which,  as  I  have  ofttimes  said  unto  thee,  permitteth 
not  any  knight  to  lay  hands  on  one  that  is  not  knighted, 
if  it  be  not  in  defence  of  his  proper  life  and  person,  and 
that  in  case  of  great  and  urgent  necessity.'  *  So  would  I 
also  have  revenged  myself,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  if  I  might, 
were  they  knights  or  no  knights ;  but  I  could  not :  and 
yet  I  do  infallibly  believe  that  those  which  took  their 
pleasure  with  me  were  neither  ghosts  nor  enchanted  men, 
as  you  say,  but  men  of  flesh  and  bones  as  we  are ;  and  all 
of  them,  as  I  heard  them  called  whilst  they  tossed  me,  had 
proper  names,  for  one  was  termed  Peter  Martinez,  and 
another  Tenorio  Herriander,  and  I  heard  also  the  inn- 
keeper called  John  Palameque  the  deaf;  so  that,  for  your 
inability  of  not  leaping  over  the  barriers  of  the  yard,  or 
alighting  off  your  horse,  was  only  enchantments  in  you. 
Whereby  I  do  clearly  collect  thus  much,  that  these  adven- 
tures which  we  go  in  search  of  will  bring  us  at  last  to  so 
many  disventures  as  we  shall  not  be  able  to  know  which  is 
our  right  foot.  And  that  which  we  might  do  best, 
according  to  my  little  understanding,  were  to  return  us 
again  to  our  village,  now  that  it  is  reaping-time,  and  look 
to  our  goods,  omitting  to  leap  thus,  as  they  say,  out  of 
the  frying-pan  into  the  fire.' 

*  How  little  dost  thou  know,  Sancho,'  replied  Don 
Quixote,  *  what  appertaineth  to  chivalry !  Peace,  and 
have  patience,  for  a  day  will  come  wherein  thou  shalt  see 
with  thine  own  eyes  how  honourable  it  is  to  follow  this 
exercise.  If  not,  tell  me  what  greater  content  may  there 
be  in  this  world,  or  what  pleasure  can  equal  that  of 
winning  a  battle,  and  of  triumphing  over  one's  enemy  ? 


128  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

None,  without  doubt.'  *  I  think  it  be  so/  quoth  Sancho, 
*  although  I  do  not  know  it ;  only  this  I  know,  that,  since 
we  became  knights-errant,  or  that  you  are  one  (for  there 
is  no  reason  why  I  should  count  myself  in  so  honourable  a 
number),  we  never  overcame  any  battle,  if  it  was  not  that 
of  the  Biscaine,  and  you  came  even  out  of  the  very  same 
with  half  your  ear  and  beaver  less ;  and  ever  after  that 
time  we  have  had  nothing  but  cudgels  and  more  cudgels, 
blows  and  more  blows ;  I  carrying  with  me  besides,  of 
overplus,  the  tossing  in  the  blanket ;  and  that,  by  reason 
it  was  done  to  me  by  enchanted  persons,  I  cannot  be 
revenged,  and  by  consequence  shall  not  know  that  true 
gust  and  delight  that  is  taken  by  vanquishing  mine  enemy, 
whereof  you  spake  even  now.'  '  That  is  it  which  grieves 
me,  as  it  should  thee  also,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  But  I  will  procure  hereafter  to  get  a  sword  made  with 
such  art,  that  whosoever  shall  wear  it,  no  kind  of  enchant- 
ment shall  hurt  him ;  and  perhaps  fortune  will  present  me 
the  very  same  which  belonged  to  Amadis,  when  he  called 
himself  "  the  knight  of  the  burning  sword,"  which  was 
one  of  the  best  that  ever  knight  had  in  this  world ;  for 
besides  the  virtue  that  I  told,  it  did  also  cut  like  a  razor ; 
and  no  armour,  were  it  ever  so  strong  or  enchanted,  could 
stand  before  it.'  '  I  am  so  fortunate,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that 
when  this  befel,  and  that  you  found  such  a  sword,  it  would 
only  serve  and  be  beneficial,  and  stand  in  stead,  such  as 
are  dubbed  knights,  as  doth  your  balsam ;  whilst  the  poor 
squires  are  crammed  full  with  sorrows.'  '  Fear  not  that, 
Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  fortune  will  deal  with 
thee  more  liberally  than  so.' 

In  these  discourses  Don  Quixote  and  his  squire  rode ; 
when  Don  Quixote,  perceiving  a  great  and  thick  dust  to 
arise  in  the  way  wherein  he  travelled,  turning  to  Sancho, 
said,  '  This  is,  Sancho,  the  day  wherein  shall  be  manifest 
the  good  which  fortune  hath  reserved  for  me.  This  is  the 
day  wherein  the  force  of  mine  arm  must  be  shown  as 
much  as  in  any  other  whatsoever ;  and  in  it  I  will  do  such 
feats  as  shall  for  ever  remain  recorded  in  the  books  of 
fame.       Dost  thou  see,   Sancho,   the   dust  which    ariseth 


Chap.  IV        ADVENTURE   OF  THE   SHEEP  129 

there  ?  Know  that  it  is  caused  by  a  mighty  army,  and 
sundry  and  innumerable  nations,  which  come  marching 
there/  '  If  that  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  then  must  there 
be  two  armies  ;  for  on  this  other  side  is  raised  as  great 
a  dust/  Don  Quixote  turned  back  to  behold  it,  and 
seeing  it  was  so  indeed,  he  was  marvellous  glad,  thinking 
that  they  were  doubtlessly  two  armies,  which  came  to 
fight  one  with  another  in  the  midst  of  that  spacious  plain  ; 
for  he  had  his  fantasy  ever  replenished  with  these  battles, 
enchantments,  successes,  ravings,  loves,  and  challenges 
which  are  rehearsed  in  books  of  knighthood,  and  all  that 
ever  he  spoke,  thought,  or  did,  was  addressed  and  applied 
to  the  like  things.  And  the  dust  which  he  had  seen  was 
raised  by  two  great  flocks  of  sheep,  that  came  through  the 
same  field  by  two  different  ways,  and  could  not  be  dis- 
cerned, by  reason  of  the  dust,  until  they  were  very  near. 
Don  Quixote  did  aflirm  that  they  were  two  armies  with  so 
very  good  earnest  as  Sancho  beheved  it,  and  demanded  of 
him,  '  Sir,  what  then  shall  we  two  do.'^ '  '  What  shall  we 
do,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  but  assist  the  needful  and 
weaker  side  ?  For  thou  shalt  know,  Sancho,  that  he  who 
comes  towards  us  is  the  great  emperor  Alifamfaron,  lord 
of  the  great  island  of  Trapobana  ;  the  other,  who  marcheth 
at  our  back,  is  his  enemy,  the  king  of  the  Garamantes, 
Pentapolin  of  the  naked  arm,  so  called  because  he  still 
entereth  in  battle  with  his  right  arm  naked.'  I  pray  you, 
good  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  to  tell  me  why  these  two  princes 
hate  one  another  so  much  ? '  *  They  are  enemies,'  replied 
Don  Quixote,  '  because  that  this  Alifamfaron  is  a  furious 
pagan,  and  is  enamoured  of  Pentapolin's  daughter,  who  is 
a  very  beautiful  and  gracious  princess,  and,  moreover,  a 
Christian  ;  and  her  father  refuseth  to  give  her  to  the  pagan 
king,  until  first  he  abandon  Mahomet's  false  sect,  and 
become  one  of  his  religion.'  '  By  my  beard,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'Pentapolin  hath  reason,  and  I  will  help  him  all  that  I 
may.'  '  By  doing  so,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  per- 
formest  thy  duty  ;  for  it  is  not  requisite  that  one  be  a 
knight  to  the  end  he  may  enter  into  such  battles.'  '  I  do 
apprehend  that  myself,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  very  well  ;   but 


30 


DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 


where  shall  we  leave  this  ass  in  the  meantime,  that  we  may 
be  sure  to  find  him  again  after  the  conflict  ? — for  I  think  it 
is  not  the  custom  to  enter  into  battle  mounted  on  such  a 
beast.'  '  It  is  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  *  that  which 
thou  mayst  do  is  to  leave  him  to  his  adventures,  and  care 
not  whether  he  be  lost  or  found  ;  for  we  shall  have  so 
many  horses,  after  coming  out  of  this  battle  victors,  that 
very  Rozinante  himself  is  in  danger  to  be  changed  for 
another.  But  be  attentive  ;  for  I  mean  to  describe  unto 
thee  the  principal  knights  of  both  the  armies  ;  and  to  the 
end  thou  mayst  the  better  see  and  note  all  things,  let  us 
retire  ourselves  there  to  that  little  hillock,  from  whence 
both  armies  may  easily  be  descried.' 

They  did  so  ;  and,  standing  on  the  top  of  a  hill,  from 
whence  they  might  have  seen  both  the  flocks,  which  Don 
Quixote  called  an  army,  very  well,  if  the  clouds  of  dust  had 
not  hindered  it  and  blinded  their  sight  ;  yet,  notwith- 
standing, our  knight  seeing  in  conceit  that  which  he  really 
did  not  see  at  all,  began  to  say,  with  a  loud  voice, — 

'  That  knight  which  thou  seest  there  with  the  yellow 
armour,  who  bears  in  his  shield  a  lion,  crowned,  crouching 
at  a  damsel's  feet,  is  the  valorous  Laurcalio,  lord  of  the 
silver  bridge.  The  other,  whose  arms  are  powdered  with 
flowers  of  gold,  and  bears  in  an  azure  field  three  crowns  of 
silver,  is  the  dreaded  Micocolembo,  great  duke  of  Quirocia. 
The  other,  limbed  like  a  giant,  that  standeth  at  his  right 
hand,  is  the  undaunted  Brandabarbaray  of  Boliche,  lord  of 
the  three  Arabias,  and  comes  armed  with  a  serpent's  skin, 
bearing  for  his  shield,  as  is  reported,  one  of  the  gates 
of  the  temple  which  Samson  at  his  death  overthrew  to  be 
revenged  of  his  enemies.  But  turn  thine  eyes  to  this 
other  side,  and  thou  shalt  see  first  of  all,  and  in  the  front 
of  this  other  army,  the  ever  victor  and  never  vanquished 
Timonel  of  Carcajona,  prince  of  New  Biscay,  who  comes 
armed  with  arms  parted  into  blue,  green,  white,  and 
yellow  quarters,  and  bears  in  his  shield,  in  a  field  of 
tawny,  a  cat  of  gold,  with  a  letter  that  says  Miau,^  which 
is  the  beginning  of  his  lady's  name,  which  is,  as  the  report 

1  Catto. 


Chap.  IV       ADVENTURE    OF   THE   SHEEP  131 

runs,  the  peerless  Miaulina,  daughter  to  Duke  Alfeniquen 
of  Algarve.  The  other,  that  burdens  and  oppresseth  the 
back  of  that  mighty  courser,^  whose  armour  is  as  white  as 
snow,  and  also  his  shield  without  any  device,  is  a  new 
knight  of  France,  called  Pierres  Papin,  lord  of  the  barony 
of  Utrique.  The  other,  that  beats  his  horse's  sides  with  his 
armed  heels,  and  bears  the  arms  of  pure  azure,  is  the 
mighty  Duke  of  Nerbia  Espartafilardo  of  the  wood,  who 
bears  for  his  device  a  harrow,^  with  a  motto  that  says,  "  So 
trails  my  fortune."  * 

And  thus  he  proceeded  forward,  naming  many  knights 
of  the  one  and  the  other  squadron,  even  as  he  had 
imagined  them,  and  attributed  to  each  one  his  arms, 
his  colours,  imprese,  and  mottoes,  suddenly  borne  away 
by  the  imagination  of  his  wonderful  distraction  ;  and, 
without  stammering,  he  proceeded,  saying, — 

*  This  first  squadron  containeth  folk  of  many  nations  : 
in  it  are  those  which  taste  the  sweet  waters  of  famous 
Xante  ;  the  mountainous  men  that  tread  the  Masilical 
fields  ;  those  that  do  sift  the  most  pure  and  rare  gold 
of  Arabia  Felix  ;  those  that  possessed  the  famous  and 
delightful  banks  of  clear  Termodonte  ;  those  that  let 
blood,  many  and  sundry  ways  the  golden  Pactolus ; 
the  Numides,  unstedfast  in  their  promise  ;  the  Persians, 
famous  for  archers  ;  the  Parthes  and  Medes,  that  fight 
flying ;  the  Arabs,  inconstant  in  their  dwellings  ;  the 
Scythians,  as  cruel  as  white  ;  the  Ethiopians,  of  bored  lips  ; 
and  other  infinite  nations,  whose  faces  I  know  and  behold, 
although  I  have  forgotten  their  denominations.  In  that 
other  army  come  those  that  taste  the  crystalline  streams  of 
the  olive-bearing  Betis  ;  those  that  dip  and  polish  their 
faces  with  the  liquor  of  the  ever-rich  and  golden  Tagus  ; 
those  that  possess  the  profitable  fluent  of  divine  Genii  ; 
those  that  trample  the  Tartesian  fields,  so  abundant  in 
pasture ;  those  that  recreate  themselves  in  the  Elysian 
fields  of  Xerez  ;  the  rich  Manchegans,  crowned  with 
ruddy  ears  of  corn  ;  those  apparelled  with  iron,  the 
ancient  relics  of  the  Gothish  blood  ;  those  that  bathe  them- 

^  Alfana.  ^  Esparraguera. 


132  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

selves  in  Pesverga,  renowned  for  the  smoothness  of  his 
current  ;  those  that  feed  their  flocks  in  the  vast  fields  of 
the  wreathing  Guadiana,  so  celebrated  for  his  hidden 
course  ;  those  that  tremble  through  the  cold  of  the  bushy 
Pirens,  and  the  lofty  ^  Apennines  ;  finally,  all  those  that 
Europe  in  itself  containeth.' 

Good  God  !  how  many  provinces  repeated  he  at  that 
time  !  and  how  many  nations  did  he  name,  giving  to  every 
one  of  them,  with  marvellous  celerity  and  briefness,  their 
proper  attributes,  being  swallowed  up  and  engulfed  in 
those  things  which  he  had  read  in  his  lying  books  !  Sancho 
Panza  stood  suspended  at  his  speech,  and  spoke  not  a 
word,  but  only  would  now  and  then  turn  his  head,  to  see 
whether  he  could  mark  those  knights  and  giants  which  his 
lord  had  named  ;  and,  by  reason  he  could  not  discover 
any,  he  said,  '  Sir,  I  give  to  the  devil  any  man,  giant,  or 
knight,  of  all  those  you  said,  that  appear eth  ;  at  least,  I 
cannot  discern  them.  Perhaps  all  is  but  enchantment, 
like  that  of  the  ghosts  of  yesternight.'  '  How  sayst  thou 
so  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Dost  not  thou  hear  the  horses 
neigh,  the  trumpets  sound,  and  the  noise  of  the  drums  ? ' 
'  I  hear  nothing  else,'  said  Sancho,  '  but  the  great  bleating 
of  many  sheep.'  And  so  it  was,  indeed  ;  for  by  this  time 
the  two  flocks  did  approach  them  very  near.  'The  fear 
that  thou  conceivest,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *maketh 
thee  that  thou  canst  neither  hear  nor  see  aright ;  for  one  of 
the  effects  of  fear  is  to  trouble  the  senses,  and  make  things 
appear  otherwise  than  they  are  ;  and,  seeing  thou  fearest  so 
much,  retire  thyself  out  of  the  way  ;  for  I  alone  am  suffi- 
cient to  give  the  victory  to  that  part  which  I  shall  assist.' 
And,  having  ended  his  speech,  he  set  spurs  to  Rozinante, 
and,  setting  his  lance  in  the  rest,  he  flung  down  from  the 
hillock  like  a  thunderbolt.  Sancho  cried  to  him  as  loud  as 
he  could,  saying,  'Return,  good  sir  Don  Quixote!  for  I 
vow  unto  God,  that  all  those  which  you  go  to  charge  are  but 
sheep  and  muttons  ;  return,  I  say.  Alas  that  ever  I  was 
born !  what  madness  is  this  ?  Look  ;  for  there  is  neither 
giant  nor  knight,  nor  cats,  nor  arms,  nor  shields  parted 

^  Or  white-crested. 


Chap.  IV       ADVENTURE   OF   THE   SHEEP  133 

nor  whole,  nor  pure  azures  nor  devilish.  What  is  it  you 
do  ?  wretch  that  I  am  ! '  For  all  this  Don  Quixote  did  not 
return,  but  rather  rode,  saying  with  a  loud  voice,  '  On,  on, 
knights !  all  you  that  serve  and  march  under  the  banners  of 
the  valorous  emperor  Pentapolin  of  the  naked  arm  ;  follow 
me,  all  of  you,  and  you  shall  see  how  easily  I  will  revenge 
him  on  his  enemy,  Alifamfaron  of  Trapobana/  And, 
saying  so,  he  entered  into  the  midst  of  the  flock  of  sheep, 
and  began  to  lance  them  with  such  courage  and  fury  as  if 
he  did  in  good  earnest  encounter  his  mortal  enemies. 

The  shepherds  that  came  with  the  flock,  cried  to  him  to 
leave  ofi^ ;  but,  seeing  their  words  took  no  efl^ect,  they 
unloosed  their  slings,  and  began  to  salute  his  pate  with 
stones  as  great  as  one's  fist.  But  Don  Quixote  made  no 
account  of  their  stones,  and  did  fling  up  and  down  among 
the  sheep,  saying,  '  Where  art  thou,  proud  Alifamfaron  ? 
where  art  thou  ?  Come  to  me ;  for  I  am  but  one  knight 
alone,  who  desire  to  prove  my  force  with  thee  man  to 
man,  and  deprive  thee  of  thy  life,  in  pain  of  the  wrong 
thou  dost  to  the  valiant  Pentapolin,  the  Garamante.' 
At  that  instant  a  stone  gave  him  such  a  blow  on  one 
of  his  sides,  as  did  bury  two  of  his  ribs  in  his  body. 
He  beholding  himself  so  ill  dight,  did  presently  believe 
that  he  was  either  slain  or  sorely  wounded  ;  and,  re- 
membering himself  of  his  liquor,  he  took  out  his  oil- 
pot,  and  set  it  to  his  mouth  to  drink ;  but  ere  he  could 
take  as  much  as  he  thought  requisite  to  cure  his  hurts, 
there  cometh  another  almond,  which  struck  him  so  full 
upon  the  hand  and  oil-pot,  as  it  broke  it  into  pieces,  and 
carried  away  with  it  besides  three  or  four  of  his  cheek 
teeth,  and  did  moreover  bruise  very  sorely  two  of  his 
fingers.  Such  was  the  first  and  the  second  blow,  as  the 
poor  knight  was  constrained  to  fall  down  ofl^  his  horse. 
And  the  shepherds  arriving,  did  verily  believe  they 
had  slain  him ;  and  therefore,  gathering  their  flock  to- 
gether with  all  speed,  and  carrying  away  their  dead 
muttons,  which  were  more  than  seven,  they  went  away 
without  verifying  the  matter  any  further. 

Sancho  remained  all  this  while  on  the  height,  beholding 


134  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

his  master's  follies,  pulling  the  hairs  of  his  beard  for  very 
despair,  and  cursed  the  hour  and  the  moment  wherein  he 
first  knew  him  ;  but,  seeing  him  overthrown  to  the  earth, 
and  the  shepherds  fled  away,  he  came  down  to  him,  and 
found  him  in  very  bad  taking,  yet  had  he  not  quite  lost 
the  use  of  his  senses  ;  to  whom  he  said,  '  Did  not  I  bid  you, 
sir  knight,  return,  and  told  you  that  you  went  not  to 
invade  an  army  of  men,  but  a  flock  of  sheep  ? '  '  That 
thief,  the  wise  man  who  is  mine  adversary,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  *  can  counterfeit  and  make  men  to  seem  such,  or 
vanish  away,  as  he  pleaseth  ;  for,  Sancho,  thou  oughtest  to 
know  that  it  is  a  very  easy  thing  for  those  kind  of  men  to 
make  us  seem  what  they  please,  and  this  malign  that  per- 
secuteth  me,  envying  the  glory  which  he  saw  I  was  like  to 
acquire  in  this  battle,  hath  converted  the  enemy's  squadrons 
into  sheep.  And  if  thou  wilt  not  believe  me,  Sancho,  yet 
do  one  thing  for  my  sake,  that  thou  mayst  remove  thine 
error,  and  perceive  the  truth  which  I  aflirm  :  get  up  on 
thine  ass,  and  follow  them  fair  and  softly  aloof,  and,  thou 
shalt  see  that,  as  soon  as  they  are  parted  any  distance  from 
hence,  they  will  turn  to  their  first  form,  and,  leaving  to  be 
sheep,  will  become  men,  as  right  and  straight  as  I  painted 
them  to  thee  at  the  first.  But  go  not  now,  for  I  have 
need  of  thy  help  and  assistance  ;  draw  nearer  to  me,  and 
see  how  many  cheek  teeth  and  others  I  want,  for  me- 
thinks  there  is  not  one  left  in  my  mouth.'  With  that, 
Sancho  approached  so  near  that  he  laid  almost  his  eyes  on 
his  master's  mouth  ;  and  it  was  just  at  the  time  that  the 
balsam  had  now  wrought  his  effect  in  Don  Quixote  his 
stomach,  and  at  the  very  season  that  Sancho  went  about 
to  look  into  his  mouth,  he  disgorged  all  that  he  had  in  his 
stomach,  with  as  great  violence  as  it  had  been  shot  out  of 
a  musket,  just  in  his  compassive  squire's  beard.  '  O  holy 
Mother  Mary  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  '  what  is  this  that  hath 
befallen  me  ?  The  poor  man  is  mortally  wounded  without 
doubt  ;  for  he  vomiteth  up  blood  at  his  mouth.'  But, 
looking  a  little  nearer  to  it,  he  perceived  in  the  colour  and 
smell  that  it  was  not  blood,  but  the  balsam  of  his  master's 
oil-bottle  ;  whereat  he  instantly  took  such  a  loathing,  that 


Chap.  IV  THE   LOST   WALLET  135 

his  stomach  likewise  turned,  and  he  vomited  out  his  very 
bowels  almost,  all  in  his  master's  face.  And  so  they  both 
remained  like  pearls.  Soon  after,  Sancho  ran  to  his  ass 
to  take  somewhat  to  clear  himself,  and  to  cure  his  lord, 
out  of  his  wallet,  which  when  he  found  wanting,^  he  was 
ready  to  run  out  of  his  wits.  There  he  began  anew  to 
curse  himself,  and  made  a  firm  resolution  in  mind  that  he 
would  leave  his  master  and  turn  to  his  country  again, 
although  he  were  sure  both  to  lose  his  wages  and  the  hope 
of  government  of  the  promised  island. 

By  this  Don  Quixote  arose,  and,  setting  his  left  hand  to 
his  mouth,  that  the  rest  of  his  teeth  might  not  fall  out,  he 
caught  hold  on  the  reins  of  Rozinante's  bridle  with  the 
other,  who  had  never  stirred  from  his  master  (such  was 
his  loyalty  and  good  nature),  he  went  towards  his  squire, 
that  leaned  upon  his  ass,  with  his  hand  under  his  cheek, 
like  one  pensative  and  malcontent.  And  Don  Quixote,  see- 
ing of  him  in  that  guise,  with  such  signs  of  sadness,  said 
unto  him  :  '  Know,  Sancho,  that  one  man  is  not  more 
than  another,  if  he  do  not  more  than  another.  All  these 
storms  that  fall  on  us  are  arguments  that  the  time  will  wax 
calm  very  soon,  and  that  things  will  have  better  success 
hereafter  ;  for  it  is  not  possible  that  either  good  or  ill  be 
durable.  And  hence  we  may  collect  that,  our  misfortunes 
having  lasted  so  long,  our  fortune  and  weal  must  be  like- 
wise near  ;  and  therefore  thou  oughtest  not  thus  to  afflict 
thyself  for  the  disgraces  that  befal  me,  seeing  no  part  of 
them  fall  to  thy  lot.'  '  How  not  ? '  quoth  Sancho.  '  Was 
he  whom  they  tossed  yesterday  in  the  coverlet  by  fortune, 
any  other  man's  son  than  my  father's  ?  and  the  wallet  that 
I  want  to-day,  with  all  my  provision,  was  it  any  other's 
than  mine  own  ? '  *  What !  dost  thou  want  thy  wallet, 
Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Ay,  that  I  do,'  quoth  he. 
'  In  that  manner,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  we  have  nothing 
left  us  to  eat  to-day.'  '  That  would  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  if  we  could  not  find  among  these  fields  the  herbs  which  I 
have  heard  you  say  you  know,  wherewithal  such  unlucky 

^  Having  left  it  behind  him  in  the  inn  when  he  ran  away  and  paid 
nothing  for  his  lodging. 


136  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

knights-errant  as  you  are  wont  to  supply  like  needs/ 
'For  all  that/  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I  would  rather  have 
now  a  quarter  of  a  loaf,  or  a  cake,  and  two  pilchard's  heads, 
than  all  the  herbs  that  Dioscorides  describeth,  although 
they  came  glossed  by  Doctor  Laguna  himself.  But  yet, 
for  all  that,  get  upon  thy  beast,  Sancho  the  good,  and 
follow  me  ;  for  God,  who  is  the  provider  for  all  creatures, 
will  not  fail  us  ;  and  principally,  seeing  we  do  a  work  so 
greatly  to  His  service  as  we  do,  seeing  He  doth  not 
abandon  the  little  flies  of  the  air,  nor  the  wormlings  of  the 
earth,  nor  the  spawnlings  of  the  water  ;  and  He  is  so 
merciful  that  He  maketh  His  sun  shine  on  the  good  and 
the  evil,  and  rains  on  sinners  and  just  men/  '  You  were 
much  fitter,  quoth  Sancho,  'to  be  a  preacher  than  a 
knight-errant/  'Knights-errant  knew,  and  ought  to 
know,  somewhat  of  all  things,'  quoth  Don  Quixote;  'for 
there  hath  been  a  knight-errant,  in  times  past,  who  would 
make  a  sermon  or  discourse  in  the  midst  of  a  camp  royal 
with  as  good  grace  as  if  he  were  graduated  in  the  university 
of  Paris ;  by  which  we  may  gather  that  the  lance  never 
dulled  the  pen,  nor  the  pen  the  lance/  'Well,  then,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  let  it  be  as  you  have  said,  and  let  us  depart 
hence,  and  procure  to  find  a  lodging  for  this  night,  where, 
I  pray  God,  may  be  no  coverlets,  and  tossers,  nor  spirits, 
nor  enchanted  Moors ;  for  if  there  be,  I'll  bestow  the  flock 
and  the  hook  on  the  devil/  'Demand  that  of  God,  son 
Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'and  lead  me  where  thou 
pleasest ;  for  I  will  leave  the  election  of  our  lodging  to  thy 
choice  for  this  time.  Yet,  I  pray  thee,  give  me  thy  hand, 
and  feel  how  many  cheek  teeth,  or  others,  I  want  in  this 
right  side  of  the  upper  jaw ;  for  there  I  feel  most  pain.' 
Sancho  put  in  his  finger,  and  whilst  he  felt  him,  de- 
manded, '  How  many  cheek  teeth  were  you  accustomed  to 
have  on  this  side  ?'  'Four,'  quoth  he,  'besides  the  hinder- 
most;  all  of  them  very  whole  and  sound.'  'See  well  what 
you  say,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho.  'I  say  four,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  if  they  were  not  five  ;  for  I  never  in  my  life 
drew  or  lost  any  tooth,  nor  hath  any  fallen  or  been  worm- 
eaten  or  marred  by  any  rheum.'   '  Well,  then,'  quoth  Sancho, 


Chap.  IV   THE   HELMET   OF   MALANDRINO  137 

'  you  have  in  this  nether  part  but  two  cheek  teeth  and  a 
half;  and  in  the  upper  neither  a  half,  nor  any ;  for  all  there 
is  as  plain  as  the  palm  of  my  hand.'  *  Unfortunate  I ! ' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  hearing  the  sorrowful  news  that  his 
squire  told  unto  him,  'for  I  had  rather  lose  one  of  my 
arms,  so  it  were  not  that  of  my  sword  ;  for,  Sancho,  thou 
must  wit,  that  a  mouth  without  cheek  teeth  is  like  a  mill 
without  a  mill-stone ;  and  a  tooth  is  much  more  to  be 
esteemed  than  a  diamond.  But  we  which  profess  the 
rigorous  laws  of  arms  are  subject  to  all  these  disasters  ; 
wherefore  mount,  gentle  friend,  and  give  the  way  ;  for  I 
will  follow  thee  what  pace  thou  pleasest.'  Sancho  obeyed, 
and  rode  the  way  where  he  thought  he  might  find  lodging, 
without  leaving  the  highway,  which  was  there  very  much 
beaten.  And,  going  thus  by  little  and  little  (for  Don  Quixote 
his  pain  of  his  jaws  did  not  suffer  him  rest,  or  make  over- 
much haste),  Sancho,  to  entertain  him  and  divert  his 
thought  by  saying  some  things,  began  to  aboard  him  in  the 
form  we  mean  to  rehearse  in  the  chapter  ensuing. 


CHAPTER  V 

Of  the  Discreet  Discourses  passed  between  Sancho  ana  his 
lord;  with  the  Adventure  succeeding  of  a  Dead  Body; 
and  other  Notable  Occurrences. 

'Methinks,  good  sir,  that  all  the  mishaps  that  befel  us 
these  days  past,  are,  without  any  doubt,  in  punishment  of 
the  sin  you  committed  against  the  order  of  knighthood,  by 
not  performing  the  oath  you  swore,  not  to  eat  bread  on 
table-cloths,  nor  to  sport  with  the  queen,  with  all  the  rest 
which  ensueth,  and  you  vowed  to  accomplish,  until  you 
had  won  the  helmet  of  Malandrino,  or  I  know  not  how 
the  Moor  is  called,  for  I  have  forgotten  his  name.'  'Thou 
sayst  right,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote;  'but,  to  tell 
the  truth,  indeed  I  did  wholly  forget  it ;  and  thou  mayst 


138  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

likewise  think  certainly,  that  because  thou  didst  not  re- 
member it  to  me  in  time,  that  of  the  coverlet  was  inflicted 
as  a  punishment  on  thee.  But  I  will  make  amends;  for 
we  have  also  manners  of  reconciliation  for  all  things  in  the 
order  of  knighthood/  'Why,  did  I  by  chance  swear 
anything  ? '  quoth  Sancho.  '  It  little  imports,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  that  thou  hast  not  sworn ;  let  it  suffice  that  I 
know  thou  art  not  very  clear  from  the  fault  of  an 
accessory;  and  therefore,  at  all  adventures,  it  will  not 
be  ill  to  provide  a  remedy/  '  If  it  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  beware  you  do  not  forget  this  again,  as  you  did  that 
of  the  oath ;  for  if  you  should,  perhaps  those  spirits  will 
take  again  a  fancy  to  solace  themselves  with  me,  and 
peradventure  with  you  yourself,  if  they  see  you  obstinate.' 
Being  in  these  and  other  such  discourses,  the  night 
overtook  them  in  the  way,  before  they  could  discover  any 
lodgings,  and  that  which  was  worst  of  all  they  were  almost 
famished  with  hunger ;  for,  by  the  loss  of  their  wallets, 
they  lost  at  once  both  their  provision  and  warder-house ; 
and,  to  accomplish  wholly  this  disgrace,  there  succeeded  a 
certain  adventure,  which  certainly  happened  as  we  lay  it 
down,  without  any  addition  in  the  world,  and  was  this. 
The  night  did  shut  up  with  some  darkness,  yet  notwith- 
standing they  travelled  on  still,  Sancho  believing  that,  since 
that  was  the  highway,  there  must  be  within  a  league  or 
two,  in  all  reason,  some  inn.  Travelling  therefore,  as  I 
have  said,  in  a  dark  night,  the  squire  being  hungry,  and 
the  master  having  a  good  stomach,  they  saw  coming 
towards  them  in  the  very  way  they  travelled  a  great 
multitude  of  lights,  resembling  nothing  so  well  as  wander- 
ing stars.  Sancho,  beholding  them,  was  struck  into  a 
wonderful  amazement,  and  his  lord  was  not  much  better. 
The  one  drew  his  ass's  halter,  the  other  held  his  horse, 
and  both  of  them  stood  still,  beholding  attentively  what 
that  might  be ;  and  they  perceived  that  the  lights  drew 
still  nearer  unto  them,  and  the  more  they  approached,  they 
appeared  the  greater.  At  the  sight  Sancho  did  tremble, 
like  one  infected  by  the  savour  of  quicksilver ;  and  Don 
Quixote's  hair  stood  up  like  bristles,  who,  animating  him- 


Chap.  V        ADVENTURE   OF  THE   HEARSE  139 

self  a  little,  said :  '  Sancho,  this  must  be,  questionless,  a 
great  and  most  dangerous  adventure,  wherein  it  is  requisite 
that  I  show  all  my  valour  and  strength.'  '  Unfortunate 
I ! '  quoth  Sancho ;  '  if  by  chance  this  adventure  were  of 
ghosts,  as  it  seemeth  to  me  that  it  is,  where  will  there  be 
ribs  to  suffer  it  ? '  '  Be  they  never  so  great  ghosts,'  said 
Don  Quixote,  '  I  will  not  consent  that  they  touch  one  hair 
of  thy  garments :  for  if  they  jested  with  thee  the  other 
time,  it  was  because  I  could  not  leap  over  the  walls  of  the 
yard ;  but  now  we  are  in  plain  field,  where  I  may  brandish 
my  sword  as  I  please/  '  And  if  they  enchant  and  benumb 
you,  as  they  did  the  other  time,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  what  will 
it  then  avail  us  to  be  in  open  field  or  no  ? '  '  For  all  that,' 
replied  Don  Quixote,  '  I  pray  thee,  Sancho,  be  of  good 
courage ;  for  experience  shall  show  thee  how  great  my 
valour  is.'  'I  will,  and  please  God,'  quoth  Sancho.  And 
so,  departing  somewhat  out  of  the  way,  they  began  again 
to  view  earnestly  what  that  of  the  travelling  lights  might 
be ;  and  after  a  very  little  space  they  espied  many  white 
things,  whose  dreadful  visions  did  in  that  very  instant 
abate  Sancho  Panza  his  courage,  and  now  began  to  chatter 
with  his  teeth  like  one  that  had  the  cold  of  a  quartan; 
and  when  they  did  distinctly  perceive  what  it  was,  then  did 
his  beating  and  chattering  of  teeth  increase ;  for  they 
discovered  about  some  twenty,  all  covered  with  white, 
a-horseback,  with  tapers  lighted  in  their  hands;  after 
which  followed  a  litter  covered  over  with  black,  and  then 
ensued  other  six  a-horseback,  attired  in  mourning,  and 
likewise  their  mules,  even  to  the  very  ground ;  for  they 
perceived  that  they  were  not  horses  by  the  quietness  of 
their  pace.  The  white  folk  rode  murmuring  somewhat 
among  themselves,  with  a  low  and  compassive  voice ; 
which  strange  vision,  at  such  an  hour,  and  in  places  not 
inhabited,  was  very  sufficient  to  strike  fear  into  Sancho 's 
heart,  and  even  in  his  master's,  if  it  had  been  any  other 
than  Don  Quixote;  but  Sancho  tumbled  here  and  there, 
being  quite  overthrown  with  terror.  The  contrary  hap- 
pened to  his  lord,  to  whom  in  that  same  hour  his  imagina- 
tion   represented   unto    him    most    lively,    the    adventure 


140  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

wherein  he  was  to  be  such  a  one  as  he  ofttimes  had  read 
in  his  books  of  chivalry ;  for  it  figured  unto  him  that  the 
litter  was  a  bier,  wherein  was  carried  some  grievously 
wounded  or  dead  knight,  whose  revenge  was  only  reserved 
for  him.  And,  without  making  any  other  discourse,  he 
set  his  lance  in  the  rest,  seated  himself  surely  in  his  saddle, 
and  put  himself  in  the  midst  of  the  way  by  which  the 
white  folk  must  forcibly  pass,  with  great  spirit  and  courage. 
And  when  he  saw  them  draw  near,  he  said,  with  a  loud 
voice,  '  Stand,  sir  knight,  whosoever  you  be,  and  render 
me  account  what  you  are,  from  whence  you  come,  where 
you  go,  and  what  that  is  which  you  carry  in  that  bier ;  for, 
according  as  you  show,  either  you  have  done  to  others  or 
others  to  you  some  injury;  and  it  is  convenient  and  need- 
ful that  I  know  it,  either  to  chastise  you  for  the  ill  you 
have  committed,  or  else  to  revenge  you  of  the  wrong 
which  you  have  suffered.'  '  We  are  in  haste,'  quoth  one 
of  the  white  men,  '  and  the  inn  is  far  off,  and  therefore 
cannot  expect  to  give  so  full  a  relation  as  you  request ' ; 
and  with  that,  spurring  his  mule,  passed  forward.  Don 
Quixote,  highly  disdaining  at  the  answer,  took  him  by  the 
bridle,  and  held  him,  saying,  *  Stay,  proud  knight,  and  be 
better-mannered  another  time,  and  give  me  account  of 
that  which  I  demanded ;  if  not,  I  defy  you  all  to  mortal 
battle.'  The  mule  whereon  the  white  man  rode  was  some- 
what fearful  and  skittish ;  and,  being  taken  thus  rudely  by 
the  bridle,  she  took  such  a  fright,  that,  rising  up  on  her 
hinder  legs,  she  unhorsed  her  rider.  One  of  the  lackeys 
that  came  with  them,  seeing  him  fallen,  began  to  revile 
Don  Quixote,  who,  being  by  this  thoroughly  enraged, 
without  any  more  ado,  putting  his  lance  in  the  rest,  ran 
upon  one  of  the  mourners,  and  threw  him  to  the  ground 
very  sore  wounded.  And,  turning  upon  the  rest,  it  was  a 
thing  worthy  the  noting  with  what  dexterity  he  did  assault, 
break  upon  them,  and  put  them  all  to  flight ;  and  it 
seemed  none  other  but  that  Rozinante  had  gotten  then 
wings,  he  bestirred  himself  so  nimbly  and  courageously. 

All  those  white  men  were  fearful  people,  and  unarmed, 
and  therefore  fled  away  from  the  skirmish  in  a  trice,  and 


Chap.  V        ADVENTURE   OF  THE   HEARSE  141 

began  to  traverse  that  field  with  their  tapers  burning,  that 
they  seemed  to  be  maskers  that  used  to  run  up  and  down 
in  nights  of  Jove  and  recreation.  The  mourners  likewise 
were  so  lapped  up  and  muffled  by  their  mourning  weeds, 
as  they  could  scarce  stir  them  ;  so  that  Don  Quixote  did, 
without  any  danger  of  his  person,  give  them  all  the  bas- 
tinado, and  caused  them  to  forsake  their  rooms  whether 
they  would  or  no  ;  for  all  of  them  did  verily  think  that  he 
was  no  man,  but  a  devil  of  hell,  that  met  them  to  take 
away  the  dead  body  which  they  carried  in  the  litter.  All 
this  did  Sancho  behold,  marvellously  admiring  at  his 
master's  boldness,  which  made  him  say  to  himself,  *  My 
master  is  infallibly  as  strong  and  valiant  as  he  said.' 

There  lay  on  the  ground  by  him  whom  his  mule  had 
overthrown,  a  wax  taper  still  burning,  by  whose  light  Don 
Quixote  perceived  him,  and,  coming  over  to  him,  he  laid 
the  point  of  his  lance  upon  his  face,  saying,  that  he  should 
render  himself,  or  else  he  would  slay  him.  To  which 
the  other  answered  :  *  I  am  already  rendered  more  than 
enough,  seeing  I  cannot  stir  me  out  of  the  place,  for  one 
of  my  legs  is  broken.  And  if  you  be  a  Christian,  I  desire 
you  not  to  kill  me ;  for  therein  you  would  commit  a  great 
sacrilege,  I  being  a  licentiate,  and  have  received  the  first 
orders.'  '  Well,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  what  devil 
brought  thee  hither,  being  a  Churchman  ? '  '  Who,  sir,' 
replied  the  overthrown,  *  but  my  misfortune  ? '  '  Yet  doth 
a  greater  threaten  thee,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  if  thou  dost 
not  satisfy  me  in  all  that  which  I  first  demanded  of  thee.' 
*  You  shall  easily  be  satisfied,'  quoth  the  licentiate,  '  and 
therefore  you  shall  wit  that,  although  first  of  all  I  said  I 
was  a  licentiate,  I  am  none  but  a  bachelor,  and  am  called 
Alonso  Lopez,  born  at  Alcovendas  ;  and  I  came  from  the 
city  of  Baeza,  with  eleven  other  priests,  which  are  those 
that  fled  away  with  the  tapers.  We  travel  towards 
Segovia,  accompanying  the  dead  body  that  lies  in  the  litter, 
of  a  certain  gentleman  who  died  in  Baeza,  and  was  there 
deposited  for  a  while,  and  now,  as  I  say,  we  carry  his 
bones  to  his  place  of  burial,  which  is  in  Segovia,  the  place 
of  his  birth.'    'And  who  killed  him  .?'  quoth  Don  Quixote. 


142  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

'  God/  quoth  the  bachelor,  '  with  certain  pestilential  fevers 
that  he  took/  '  In  that  manner,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  our  Lord  hath  delivered  me  from  the  pains  I  would  have 
taken  to  revenge  his  death,  if  any  other  had  slain  him. 
He  having  killed  him  that  did,  there  is  no  other  remedy 
but  silence,  and  to  lift  up  the  shoulders  ;  for  the  same  I 
must  myself  have  done,  if  He  were  likewise  pleased  to 
slay  me.  And  I  would  have  your  reverence  to  understand 
that  I  am  a  knight  of  the  Mancha,  called  Don  Quixote  ; 
and  mine  office  and  exercise  is,  to  go  throughout  the  world 
righting  of  wrongs  and  undoing  of  injuries.'  *  I  cannot 
understand  how  that  can  be,  of  righting  wrongs,'  quoth 
the  bachelor,  *  seeing  you  have  made  me,  who  was  right 
before,  now  very  crooked  by  breaking  of  my  leg,  which 
can  never  be  righted  again  as  long  as  I  live  ;  and  the 
injury  which  you  have  undone  in  me,  is  none  other  but  to 
leave  me  so  injured  as  I  shall  remain  injured  for  ever. 
And  it  was  very  great  disventure  to  have  encountered 
with  you  that  go  about  to  seek  adventures.'  '  All  things,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  succeed  not  of  one  fashion.  The 
hurt  was.  Master  Bachelor  Alonso  Lopez,  that  you 
travelled  thus  by  night  covered  with  those  surplices,  with 
burning  tapers,  and  covered  with  weeds  of  dole,  so  that 
you  appeared  most  properly  some  bad  thing,  and  of  the 
other  world ;  and  so  I  could  not  omit  to  fulfil  my  duty  by 
assaulting  you,  which  I  would  have  done  although  I  verily 
knew  you  to  be  the  satans  themselves  of  hell  ;  for,  for 
such  I  judged  and  accounted  you  ever  till  now.' 

'  Then,  since  my  bad  fortune  hath  so  disposed  it,'  quoth 
the  bachelor,  '  I  desire  you,  good  sir  knight-errant  (who 
hath  given  me  so  evil  an  errand)  that  you  will  help  me  to 
get  up  from  under  this  mule,  who  holds  still  my  leg  be- 
twixt the  stirrup  and  saddle.'  '  I  would  have  stayed 
talking  until  to-morrow  morning,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  and  why  did  you  expect  so  long  to  declare  your  grief  to 
me  ^ '  He  presently  called  for  Sancho  Panza  to  come 
over ;  but  he  had  little  mind  to  do,  for  he  was  otherwise 
employed  ransacking  of  a  sumpter-mule,  which  those  good 
folk  brought  with  them,  well  furnished  with  belly-ware. 


Chap.  V        ADVENTURE   OF  THE   HEARSE  143 

Sancho  made  a  bag  of  his  cassock,  and,  catching  all  that 
he  might  or  could  contain,  he  laid  it  on  his  beast,  and 
then  presently  after  repaired  to  his  master,  and  helped  to 
deliver  the  good  bachelor  from  the  oppression  of  his  mule; 
and,  mounting  him  again  on  it,  he  gave  him  his  taper ; 
and  Don  Quixote  bade  him  to  follow  his  fellows,  of  whom 
he  should  desire  pardon,  in  his  name,  for  the  wrong  he 
had  done  them ;  for  it  lay  not  in  his  hands  to  have  done 
the  contrary.  Sancho  said  to  him  also  :  *  If  those  gentle- 
men would  by  chance  know  who  the  valorous  knight  is 
that  hath  used  them  thus,  you  may  say  unto  them  that  he 
is  the  famous  Don  Quixote  of  Mancha,  otherwise  called 
the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face/ 

With  this  the  bachelor  departed,  and  Don  Quixote 
demanded  of  Sancho  what  had  moved  him  to  call  him  the 
Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face,  more  at  that  time  than 
at  any  other.  '  I  will  tell  you  that,'  quoth  Sancho  :  '  I 
stood  beholding  of  you  a  pretty  while  by  the  taper  light 
which  that  unlucky  man  carrieth,  and  truly  you  have  one 
of  the  evil-fa vouredest  countenances  of  late  that  ever  I 
saw,  which  either  proceedeth  of  your  being  tired  after  this 
battle,  or  else  through  the  loss  of  your  teeth.'  '  That  is 
not  the  reason,'  said  Don  Quixote ;  '  but  rather,  it  hath 
seemed  fit  to  the  wise  man,  to  whose  charge  is  left  the 
writing  of  my  history,  that  I  take  some  appellative  name, 
as  all  the  other  knights  of  yore  have  done ;  for  one  called 
himself  the  Knight  of  the  Burning  Sword ;  another  that 
of  the  Unicorn ;  this,  him  of  the  Phoenix  ;  the  other, 
that  of  the  Damsels ;  another,  the  Knight  of  the 
Griffin ;  and  some  other,  the  Knight  of  Death  ;  and 
by  these  names  and  devices  they  were  known  through- 
out the  compass  of  the  earth.  And  so  I  say,  that  the 
wise  man  whom  I  mentioned  set  in  thy  mind  and  tongue 
the  thought  to  call  me  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured 
Face,  as  I  mean  to  call  myself  from  henceforth ;  and  that 
the  name  may  become  me  better,  I  will,  upon  the  first 
occasion,  cause  to  be  painted  in  my  shield  a  most  ill- 
favoured  countenance.'  '  You  need  not,'  quoth  Sancho, 
*  spend   so   much    time    and    money    in    having    the    like 


144  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

countenance  painted ;  but  that  which  you  may  more  easily 
do  is,  to  discover  your  own,  and  look  directly  on  those 
that  behold  you ;  and  I  will  warrant  you,  that  without  any 
more  ado,  or  new  painting  in  your  shield,  they  will  call 
you  "  him  of  the  ill-favoured  face."  And  let  this  be  said 
in  jest,  that  hunger  and  the  want  of  your  teeth  have  given 
you,  as  I  have  said,  so  evil-favoured  a  face,  as  you  may 
well  excuse  all  other  heavy  portraitures/  Don  Quixote 
laughed  at  his  squire's  conceit,  and  yet,  nevertheless,  he 
purposed  to  call  himself  by  that  name  as  soon  as  ever  he 
should  have  commodity  to  paint  his  shield  and  buckler. 

And  after  a  pause  he  said  to  Sancho :  '  I  believe  I  am 
excommunicated  for  having  laid  violent  hands  upon  a 
consecrated  thing,  ^''Juxta  illud^  siquis suadente  diaholo^'^  etc.; 
although  I  am  certain  I  laid  not  my  hands  upon  him,  but 
only  this  javelin  ;  and  besides,  I  did  not  in  any  way  suspect 
that  I  offended  priests  or  Churchmen,  which  I  do  respect 
and  honour  as  a  Catholic  and  faithful  Christian  ;  but 
rather,  that  they  were  shadows  and  spirits  of  the  other 
world.  And  if  the  worst  happened,  I  remember  well  that 
which  befel  the  Cid  Ruy  Diaz,  when  he  broke  that  other 
king's  ambassador's  chair  before  the  pope's  holiness,  for 
which  he  excommunicated  him  ;  and  yet,  for  all  that, 
the  good  Roderick  Vivar  behaved  himself  that  day  like  an 
honourable  and  valiant  knight.' 

About  this  time  the  bachelor  departed,  as  is  said,  without 
speaking  a  word,  and  Don  Quixote  would  fain  have  seen 
whether  the  corpse  that  came  in  the  litter  was  bones  or  no  ; 
but  Sancho  would  not  permit  him,  saying,  '  Sir,  you  have 
finished  this  perilous  adventure  most  with  your  safety  of 
any  one  of  those  I  have  seen.  This  people,  although 
overcome  and  scattered,  might  perhaps  fall  in  the  con- 
sideration that  he  who  hath  overcome  them  is  but  one 
person  alone,  and,  growing  ashamed  thereof,  would  perhaps 
join  and  unite  themselves,  and  turn  upon  us,  and  give  us 
enough  business  to  do.  The  ass  is  in  good  plight  according 
to  my  desire,  and  the  mountain  at  hand,  and  hunger 
oppresseth  us  ;  therefore,  we  have  nothing  else  to  do  at 

1  Canon  72,  Distinct.  134. 


Chap.  VI  A  DRY  SUPPER  145 

this  time  but  retire  ourselves  with  a  good  pace,  and,  as  it  is 
said,  "  To  the  grave  with  the  dead,  and  them  that  live  to 
the  bread.'' '  And,  pricking  on  his  ass,  he  requested  his 
master  to  follow  him  ;  who,  seeing  that  Sancho  spoke  not 
without  reason,  he  spurred  after  him  without  replying  ; 
and,  having  travelled  a  little  way  between  two  small 
mountains,  they  found  a  large  and  hidden  valley,  where 
they  alighted  ;  and  Sancho  lightening  his  beast,  and  lying 
both  along  upon  the  green  grass,  holpen  by  the  sauce  of 
hunger,  they  broke  their  fasts,  dined,  ate  their  beaver  and 
supper  all  at  one  time ;  satisfying  their  appetites  with  more 
than  one  dish  of  cold  meat,  which  the  dead  gentleman's 
chaplains  (which  knew  how  to  make  much  of  themselves) 
had  brought  for  their  provision.  But  here  succeeded 
another  discommodity,  which  Sancho  accounted  not  as 
the  least,  and  was,  that  they  had  no  wine  to  drink  ;  no, 
nor  as  much  as  a  drop  of  water  to  rinse  their  mouths  ; 
and,  being  scorched  with  drought,  Sancho,  perceiving  the 
field  where  they  were  full  of  thick  and  green  grass,  said 
that  which  shall  ensue  in  the  chapter  following. 


CHAPTER   VI 

Of  a  Wonderful  Adventure^  achieved  with  less  Hazard  than 
ever  any  other  Knight  did  any^  by  the  Valorous  Don 
^ixote  of  the  Mancha 

'  It  is  not  possible,  my  lord,  but  that  these  green  herbs  do 
argue  that  near  unto  this  place  must  be  some  fountain  or 
stream  that  watereth  them,  and  therefore,  I  pray  you,  let 
us  go  a  little  farther,  and  we  shall  meet  that  which  may 
mitigate  the  terrible  thirst  that  afflicts  us,  which  sets  us, 
questionless,  in  more  pain  than  did  our  hunger.'  This 
counsel  was  allowed  by  Don  Quixote  ;  and  therefore,  lead- 
ing Rozinante  by  the  bridle,  and  Sancho  his  ass  by  the 
halter,  after  laying  up  the  reversion  of  their  supper,  they 


146  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

set  on  through  the  plain,  only  guided  by  their  guess,  for 
the  night  was  so  dark  as  they  could  not  see  a  jot.  And 
scarce  had  they  travelled  two  hundred  paces,  when  they 
heard  a  great  noise  of  water,  as  if  it  fell  headlong  from 
some  great  and  steep  rock.  The  noise  did  cheer  them 
very  much,  and  standing  to  hear  from  whence  it  sounded, 
they  heard  unawares  another  noise,  which  watered  all 
the  content  they  conceived  before,  specially  in  Sancho, 
who,  as  I  have  noted,  was  naturally  very  fearful  and  of 
little  spirit.  They  heard,  I  say,  certain  blows  struck  with 
proportion,  with  a  kind  of  rattling  of  irons  and  chains, 
which,  accompanied  by  the  furious  sound  of  the  water, 
might  strike  terror  into  any  other  heart  but  Don 
Quixote's. 

The  night,  as  we  said,  was  dark,  and  they  happened  to 
enter  in  among  certain  tall  and  lofty  trees,  whose  leaves, 
moved  by  a  soft  gale  of  wind,  made  a  fearful  and  still 
noise  ;  so  that  the  solitude,  situation,  darkness,  and  the 
noise  of  the  water,  and  trembling  of  the  leaves  concurring, 
did  breed  horror  and  affright  ;  but  specially  seeing  that 
the  blows  never  ceased,  the  wind  slept  not,  nor  the  morn- 
ing approached,  whereunto  may  be  added,  that  they  knew 
not  the  place  where  they  were.  But  Don  Quixote,  accom- 
panied with  his  valiant  heart,  leaped  on  Rozinante,  and, 
embracing  his  buckler,  brandished  his  lance,  and  said  : 
'  Friend  Sancho,  I  would  have  thee  know  that  I  was  born, 
by  the  disposition  of  Heaven,  in  this  our  age  of  iron,  to 
resuscitate  in  it  that  of  gold,  or  the  golden  world,  as  it  is 
called.  I  am  he  for  whom  are  reserved  all  dangerous, 
great,  and  valorous  feats.  I  say  again,  that  I  am  he  which 
shall  set  up  again  those  of  the  Round  Table,  the  Twelve 
Peers  of  France,  and  the  Nine  Worthies.  I  am  he  who 
shall  cause  the  acts  to  be  forgotten  of  those  Platires, 
Tablantes,  Olivantes,  and  Tirantes,  the  Phebuses,  Belianises, 
with  all  the  crew  of  the  famous  knights-errant  of  times 
past,  doing  in  this  wherein  I  live,  such  great  and  wonder- 
ful feats  of  arms  as  shall  obscure  the  bravest  that  ever  they 
achieved.  Thou  notest  well,  faithful  and  loyal  squire,  the 
darkness  of  this  night,  the  strange  silence,  the  deaf  and 


Chap.  VI  THE   MYSTERIOUS   NOISES  147 

confused  trembling  of  these  trees,  the  dreadful  noise  of 
that  water  in  whose  search  we  come,  which  seems  to  throw 
itself  headlong  down  from  the  steep  mountains  of  the 
moon  ;  the  inceasable  blows  which  do  still  wound  our 
ears  ;  all  which  together,  and  every  one  apart,  are  able  to 
strike  terror,  fear,  and  amazement  into  the  very  mind  of 
Mars  ;  how  much  more  in  his  that  is  not  accustomed  to 
the  like  chances  and  adventures  ?  Yet  all  this  which  I 
have  depainted  to  thee  are  inciters  and  rousers  of  my 
mind,  which  now  causeth  my  heart  almost  to  burst  in  my 
breast,  with  the  desire  it  hath  to  try  this  adventure,  how 
difficult  soever  it  shows  itself.  Wherefore,  tie  my  horse's 
girths  a  little  straiter ;  and  farewell !  Here  in  this  place 
thou  mayst  expect  me  three  days  and  no  more.  And  if 
I  shall  not  return  in  that  space,  thou  mayst  go  back  to 
our  village,  and  from  thence  (for  my  sake)  to  Toboso, 
where  thou  shalt  say  to  my  incomparable  Lady  Dulcinea, 
that  her  captive  knight  died  by  attempting  things  that 
might  make  him  worthy  to  be  called  hers.' 

When  Sancho  heard  his  lord  speak  these  words,  he 
began  to  weep,  with  the  greatest  compassion  of  the  world, 
and  say  unto  him,  *  Sir,  I  see  no  reason  why  you  should 
undertake  this  fearful  adventure.  It  is  now  night,  and 
nobody  can  perceive  us ;  we  may  very  well  cross  the  way, 
and  apart  from  ourselves  danger,  although  we  should 
therefore  want  drink  these  three  days.  And,  seeing  none 
behold  us,  there  will  be  much  less  any  one  to  take  notice 
of  our  cowardice  ;  the  rather  because  I  heard  ofttimes  the 
curate  of  our  village,  whom  you  know  very  well,  preach, 
"  that  he  which  seeks  the  danger,  perisheth  therein  "  ;  so 
that  it  is  not  good  to  tempt  God,  undertaking  such  a  huge 
affair,  out  of  which  you  cannot  escape  but  by  miracle ;  and 
let  those  which  Heaven  hath  already  wrought  for  you 
suffice,  in  delivering  you  from  being  tossed  in  a  coverlet, 
as  I  was,  and  bringing  you  away  a  victor,  free  and  safe, 
from  among  so  many  enemies  as  accompanied  the  dead 
man.  And  when  all  this  shall  not  move  or  soften  your 
hard  heart,  let  this  move  it,  to  think  and  certainly  believe, 
that  scarce  shall  you  depart  from  this  place,  when  through 


148  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

very  fear  I  shall  give  up  my  soul  to  him  that  pleaseth  to 
take  it.  I  left  my  country,  wife,  and  children  to  come 
and  serve  you,  hoping  thereby  to  be  worth  more,  and  not 
less ;  but,  as  covetousness  breaks  the  sack,  so  hath  it  also 
torn  my  hopes,  seeing  when  they  were  most  pregnant  and 
lively  to  obtain  that  unlucky  and  accursed  island,  which 
you  promised  me  so  often,  I  see  that,  in  exchange  and  pay 
thereof,  you  mean  to  forsake  me  here  in  a  desert,  out  of 
all  frequentation.  For  God's  sake,  do  not  me  such  a 
wrong,  my  lord ;  and  if  you  will  not  wholly  desist  from 
your  purpose,  yet  defer  it  at  least  till  the  morning ;  for  as 
my  little  skill  that  I  learned  when  I  was  a  shepherd,  telleth 
me,  the  dawning  is  not  three  hours  off;  for  the  mouth 
of  the  fish  is  over  the  head,^  and  maketh  midnight  in  the 
line  of  the  left  arm/  '  How  canst  thou,  Sancho,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  see  where  is  the  line,  or  that  mouth,  or 
that  tail  of  which  thou  speakest,  seeing  the  night  is  so 
dark  that  one  star  alone  appeareth  not  ? '  *  That  is  true,' 
quoth  Sancho ;  '  but  fear  hath  eyes  which  can  see  things 
under  the  ground,  and  much  more  in  the  skies.  And 
besides,  we  may  gather,  by  good  discourse,  that  the  day 
is  not  far  off.'  '  Let  it  be  as  little  off  as  it  lists,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  it  shall  never  be  recorded  of  me  that  either 
tears  or  prayers  could  ever  dissuade  me  from  performing 
the  duty  of  a  knight ;  and  therefore,  good  Sancho,  hold 
thy  peace ;  for  God,  who  hath  inspired  me  to  attempt  this 
unseen  and  fearful  adventure,  will  have  an  eye  to  my  weal, 
and  also  to  comfort  thy  sorrow.  And  that  thou  hast  there- 
fore to  do  is  to  make  strait  my  girths,  and  remain  here ; 
for  I  will  return  here  shortly,  either  alive  or  dead.' 

Sancho,  perceiving  his  lord's  last  resolution,  and  how 
little  his  tears,  counsels,  or  prayers  could  avail,  resolved 
to  profit  himself  a  little  of  his  wit,  and  make  him  if  he 
could  to  expect  until  day  ;  and  so,  when  he  did  fasten  the 
girths,  he  softly,  without  being  felt,  tied  his  ass's  halter  to 
both  Rozinante's  legs  so  fast,  than  when  Don  Quixote 
thought  to  depart,  he  could  not,  for  that  his  horse  could 
not   go   a  step,   but  leaping.     Sancho,  seeing    the   good 

1  For  que  la  hoc  a  de  la  bozina  ista  luctna  de  la  cabeca^  p.  i68. 


Chap.  VI  THE   MYSTERIOUS   NOISES  149 

success  of  his  guile,  said,  *  Behold,  sir,  how  Heaven, 
moved  by  my  tears  and  prayers,  hath  ordained  that 
Rozinante  should  not  go  a  step  ;  and  if  you  will  be  still 
contending,  and  spurring,  and  striking  him,  you  will  do 
nothing  but  enrage  fortune,  and,  as  the  proverb  says,  but 
''  spurn  against  the  prick."  '  Don  Quixote  grew  wood  at 
this,  and  yet  the  more  he  spurred  him  he  was  the  less  able 
to  go  ;  wherefore,  without  perceiving  the  cause  of  his 
horse's  stay,  he  resolved  at  last  to  be  quiet,  and  expect 
either  till  the  morning  or  else  till  Rozinante  would  please 
to  depart,  believing  verily  that  the  impediment  came  of 
some  other  cause,  and  not  from  Sancho  ;  and  therefore 
said  unto  him,  '  Since  it  is  so,  Sancho,  that  Rozinante 
cannot  stir  him,  I  am  content  to  tarry  till  the  dawning, 
although  her  tardiness  cost  me  some  tears.'  '  You  shall 
have  no  cause  to  weep,'  replied  Sancho  ;  '  for  I  will  enter- 
tain you  telling  you  of  histories  until  it  be  day,  if  you  will 
not  alight  and  take  a  nap  upon  these  green  herbs,  as 
knights-errant  are  wont,  that  you  may  be  the  fresher 
and  better  able  to-morrow  to  attempt  that  monstrous 
adventure  which  you  expect.'  *  What  dost  thou  call 
alighting,  or  sleeping  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  *  Am  I 
peradventure  one  of  those  knights  that  repose  in  time  of 
danger  ?  Sleep  thou,  who  wast  born  to  sleep,  or  do  what 
thou  please  ;  for  I  will  do  that  which  I  shall  see  fittest 
for  my  pretence.'  '  Good  sir,  be  not  angry,'  quoth  Sancho  ; 
'  for  I  did  not  speak  with  that  intention.'  And  so,  drawing 
near  unto  him,  he  set  one  of  his  hands  on  the  pommel  of 
the  saddle,  and  the  other  hinder  in  such  sort  that  he  rested 
embracing  his  lord's  left  thigh,  not  daring  to  depart  from 
thence  the  breadth  of  a  finger,  such  was  the  fear  he  had  of 
those  blows,  which  all  the  while  did  sound  without  ceasing. 
Then  Don  Quixote  commanded  him  to  tell  some  tale 
to  pass  away  the  time,  as  he  had  promised  ;  and  Sancho 
said  he  would,  if  the  fear  of  that  which  he  heard  would 
suffer  him.  '  Yet,'  quoth  he,  '  for  all  this  I  will  encourage 
myself  to  tell  you  one,  whereon,  if  I  can  hit  aright,  and 
that  I  be  not  interrupted,  is  the  best  history  that  ever  you 
heard  ;  and  be  you  attentive,  for  now  I  begin.     It  was 


150  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

that  it  was,  the  good  that  shall  befall  be  for  us  all,  and  the 
harm  for  him  that  searches  it.  And  you  must  be  adver- 
tised, good  sir,  that  the  beginning  that  ancient  men  gave 
to  their  tales  was  not  of  ordinary  things,  and  it  was  a 
sentence  of  Cato,  the  Roman  Conrozin,  which  says,  ''  And 
the  harm  be  for  him  that  searches  it,"  which  is  as  fit  for 
this  place  as  a  ring  for  a  finger,  to  the  end  that  you  may 
be  quiet,  and  not  to  go  seek  your  own  harm  to  any  place, 
but  that  we  turn  us  another  way,  for  nobody  compelleth 
us  to  follow  this,  where  so  many  fears  do  surprise  us/ 
'Prosecute  this  tale,  Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote,  'and 
leave  the  charge  of  the  way  we  must  go  to  me.'  '  I  say 
then,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  in  a  village  of  Estremadura 
there  was  a  shepherd,  I  would  say  a  goatherd  ;  and  as  I 
say  of  my  tale,  this  goatherd  was  called  Lope  Ruyz,  and 
this  Lope  Ruyz  was  enamoured  on  a  shepherdess  who  was 
called  Torralva,  the  which  shepherdess  called  Torralva  was 
daughter  to  a  rich  herdman,  and  this  rich  herdman  ' — 
'  If  thou  tellest  thy  tale,  Sancho,  after  that  manner,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  repeating  everything  twice  that  thou  sayst, 
thou  wilt  not  end  it  these  two  days  :  tell  it  succinctly,  and 
like  one  of  judgment,  or  else  say  nothing.'  '  Of  the  very 
same  fashion  that  I  tell  are  all  tales  told  in  my  country,  and 
I  know  not  how  to  tell  it  any  other  way,  nor  is  it  reason 
that  you  should  ask  of  me  to  make  new  customs.'  '  Tell 
it  as  thou  pleasest,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  since  fortune 
will  not  otherwise  but  that  I  must  hear  thee,  go  forward.' 
'  So  that,  my  dear  sir  of  my  soul,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that,  as  I 
have  said  already,  this  shepherd  was  in  love  with  Torralva 
the  shepherdess,  who  was  a  round  wench,  scornful,  and 
drew  somewhat  near  to  a  man,  for  she  had  mochachoes  ; 
for  methinks  I  see  her  now  before  my  face.'  '  Belike, 
then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  knewest  her  ? '  'I  did 
not  know  her,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  but  he  that  told  me  the 
tale  said  it  was  so  certain  and  true,  that  I  might,  when  I 
told  it  to  any  other,  very  well  swear  and  affirm  that  I  had 
seen  it  all  myself.  So  that,  days  passing  and  days  coming, 
the  devil,  who  sleeps  not,  and  that  troubles  all,^  wrought 
^  T  que  todo  lo  annasca^  page  172. 


Chap.  VI  SANCHO'S   TALE  151 

in  such  sort,  as  the  love  that  the  shepherd  bore  to  the 
shepherdess  turned  into  man-slaughter  and  ill-will ;  and 
the  cause  was,  according  to  bad  tongues,  a  certain  quantity 
of  little  jealousies  that  she  gave  him,  such  as  they  passed 
the  line,  and  came  to  the  forbidden.-^  And  the  shepherd 
did  hate  her  so  much  afterward,  that  he  was  content  to 
leave  all  that  country,  because  he  would  not  see  her,  and  go 
where  his  eyes  should  never  look  upon  her.  Torralva, 
that  saw  herself  disdained  by  Lope,  did  presently  love 
him  better  than  ever  she  did  before/  *  That  is  a  natural 
condition  of  women,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  to  disdain  those 
that  love  them,  and  to  affect  those  which  hate  them.  Pass 
forward,  Sancho.'  '  It  happened,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  the 
shepherd  set  his  purpose  in  execution,  and,  gathering  up 
his  goats,  he  travelled  through  the  fields  of  Estremadura,  to 
pass  into  the  kingdom  of  Portugal.  Torralva,  which  knew 
it  well,  followed  him  afoot  and  bare-legged,  afar  off,  with 
a  pilgrim's  staff  in  her  hand,  and  a  wallet  hanging  at  her 
neck,  where  they  say  that  she  carried  a  piece  of  a  looking- 
glass,  and  another  of  a  comb,  and  1  know  not  what  little 
bottle  of  changes  for  her  face.  But  let  her  carry  what  she 
carries,  for  I  will  not  put  myself  now  to  verify  that  ;  only 
ril  say,  that  they  say,  that  the  shepherd  arrived  with  his 
goats  to  pass  over  the  river  Guadiana,  which  in  that  season 
was  swollen  very  much,  and  overflowed  the  banks  ;  and  at 
the  side  where  he  came  there  was  neither  boat  nor  bark,  nor 
any  to  pass  himself  or  his  goats  over  the  river  ;  for  which 
he  was  very  much  grieved,  because  he  saw  that  Torralva 
came  very  near,  and  she  would  trouble  him  very  much  with 
her  prayers  and  tears.  But  he  went  so  long  looking  up  and 
down,  that  he  spied  a  fisher,  who  had  so  little  a  boat  as  it 
could  only  hold  one  man  and  a  goat  at  once,  and  for  all 
that  he  spake  and  agreed  with  him  to  pass  himself  and 
three  hundred  goats  that  he  had  over  the  river.  The 
fisherman  entered  into  the  boat,  and  carried  over  one  goat; 
he  returned,  and  passed  over  another,  and  turned  back 
again,  and  passed  over  another.  Keep  you,  sir,  good 
account  of  the  goats  that  the  fisherman  ferries  over  ;  for  if 

^A  Spanish  proverb  touching  their  jealousy. 


152  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

one  only  be  forgotten,  the  tale  will  end,  and  it  will  not  be 
possible  to  tell  one  word  more  of  it.  Follow  on,  then,  and 
I  say  that  the  landing-place  on  the  other  side  was  very  dirty 
and  slippery,  which  made  the  fisherman  spend  much  time 
coming  too  and  fro  ;  yet,  for  all  that,  he  turned  for  another 
goat,  and  another,  and  another/ 

'  Make  account,*  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that  thou  hast 
passed  them  all  over  ;  for  otherwise  thou  wilt  not  make  an 
end  of  passing  them  in  a  whole  year's  space/  ^  How 
many,'  said  Sancho,  '  are  already  passed  over  ? '  '  What  a 
devil  know  I  ? '  said  Don  Quixote.  '  See  there  that  which 
I  said,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  you  should  keep  good  account. 
By  Jove,  the  tale  is  ended,  therefore  ;  for  there  is  no 
passing  forward.'  '  How  can  that  be  ? '  said  Don  Quixote. 
'  Is  it  so  greatly  of  the  essence  of  this  history  to  know  the 
goats  that  are  passed  so  exactly  and  distinctly  that  if  one 
of  the  number  be  missed  thou  canst  not  follow  on  with 
thy  tale  ? '  '  No,  sir,  in  no  sort,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  for  as 
soon  as  I  demanded  of  you  to  tell  me  how  many  goats 
passed  over,  and  that  you  answered  me  you  knew  not,  in 
that  very  instant  it  went  from  me  out  of  my  memory  all 
that  was  to  be  told,  and  in  faith  it  was  of  great  virtue  and 
content.'  '  So,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  the  tale  is 
ended  ?'  'It  is  as  certainly  ended  as  is  my  mother,' 
quoth  Sancho.  '  Surely,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  hast 
recounted  one  of  the  rarest  tales  or  histories  that  any  one 
of  the  world  could  think  upon,  and  that  such  a  manner  of 
telling  or  finishing  a  tale  was  never  yet  seen,  or  shall  be 
seen  again  ;  although  1  never  expected  any  other  thing 
from  thy  good  discourse.  But  I  do  not  greatly  marvel, 
for  perhaps  those  senseless  strokes  have  troubled  thine 
understanding.'  *  All  that  may  be,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  but 
I  know,  in  the  discourse  of  my  tale,  there  is  no  more 
to  be  said,  but  that  there  it  ends,  where  the  error  of 
counting  the  goats  that  were  wafted  over  the  river 
begins.'  '  Let  it  end  in  a  good  hour  where  it  lists,' 
answered  Don  Quixote,  'and  let  us  try  whether  Rozinante 
can  yet  stir  himself.'  Then  did  he  turn  again  to 
give    him   the   spurs,   and   he  to  leap  as    he  did    at    the 


Chap.  VI  SANCHO'S   DISTRESS  153 

first  and  rest  anew,  being  unable  to  do  other,  he  was  so 
well  shackled. 

It  happened  about  this  time,  that,  either  through  the 
cold  of  the  morning,  or  that  Sancho  had  eaten  at  supper 
some  lenitive  meats,  or  that  it  was  a  thing  natural  (and 
that  is  most  credible),  he  had  a  desire  to  do  that  which 
others  could  not  do  for  him  ;  but  such  was  the  fear  that 
entered  into  his  heart  as  he  dared  not  depart  from  his 
lord  the  breadth  of  a  straw,  and  to  think  to  leave  that 
which  he  had  desired  undone  was  also  impossible  ;  there- 
fore, his  resolution  in  that  perplexed  exigent  (be  it  spoken 
with  pardon)  was  this  :  he  loosed  his  right  hand,  where- 
withal he  held  fast  the  hinder  part  of  the  saddle,  and 
therewithal  very  softly,  and  without  any  noise,  he  untied 
the  cod-piece  point  wherewithal  his  breeches  were  only 
supported,  which,  that  being  let  slip,  did  presently  fall 
down  about  his  legs  like  a  pair  of  bolts  ;  after  this,  lifting 
up  his  shirt  the  best  he  could,  he  exposed  his  buttocks  to 
the  air,  which  were  not  the  least.  This  being  done,  which, 
as  he  thought,  was  the  chiefest  thing  requisite  to  issue  out 
of  that  terrible  anguish  and  plunge,  he  was  suddenly 
troubled  with  a  greater,  to  wit,  that  he  knew  not  how  to 
disburden  himself  without  making  a  noise  ;  which  to  avoid, 
first  he  shut  his  teeth  close,  lifted  up  his  shoulders,  and 
gathered  up  his  breath  as  much  as  he  might  ;  yet,  notwith- 
standing all  these  diligences,  he  was  so  unfortunate,  that 
he  made  a  little  noise  at  the  end,  much  different  from  that 
which  made  him  so  fearful.  Don  Quixote  heard  it,  and 
said,  '  What  noise  is  that,  Sancho  ?'  'I  know  it  not,  sir,' 
quoth  he  ;  *  I  think  it  be  some  new  thing  for  adventures ; 
or  rather,  disventures  never  begin  with  a  little.'  Then 
turned  he  once  again  to  try  his  hap,  and  it  succeeded  so 
well  that,  without  making  any  rumour  or  noise  but  that 
which  he  did  at  the  first,  he  found  himself  free  of  the 
loading  that  troubled  him  so  much. 

But  Don  Quixote  having  the  sense  of  smelling  as 
perfect  as  that  of  his  hearing,  and  Sancho  stood  so 
near,  or  rather  joined  to  him,  as  the  vapours  did  ascend 
upward,   almost  by  a   direct   line,   he    could    not   excuse 


154 


DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 


himself  but  that  some  of  them  must  needs  touch  his  nose. 
And  scarce  had  they  arrived,  but  that  he  occurred  to  the 
usual  remedy,  and  stopped  it  very  well  between  his  fingers, 
and  then  said  with  a  snaffling  voice,  '  Methinks,  Sancho, 
that  thou  art  much  afraid/  *  I  am  indeed,'  replied  Sancho  ; 
*  but  wherein,  I  pray  you,  do  you  perceive  it  now  more 
than  ever  ? '  'In  that  thou  smellest  now  more  than  ever,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and  that  not  of  amber/  '  It  may 
be  so,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  yet  the  fault  is  not  mine,  but  yours, 
which  bring  me,  at  such  unseasonable  hours,  through  so 
desolate  and  fearful  places.'  '  I  pray  thee,  friend,  retire 
thyself  two  or  three  steps  back,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  hold- 
ing his  fingers  still  upon  his  nose,  '  and  from  henceforth 
have  more  care  of  thy  person,  and  of  the  respect  thou 
owest  to  mine;  for  I  see  the  overmuch  familiarity  that 
I  use  with  thee  hath  engendered  this  contempt.'  '  I  dare 
wager,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  you  think  I  have  done  some- 
what with  my  person  that  I  ought  not.'  '  Friend  Sancho,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  it  is  the  worse  to  stir  it  thus.'  And 
thus,  in  these  and  such  like  conversation,  the  master  and  the 
man  passed  over  the  night.  And  Sancho,  seeing  that  the 
morning  approached,  he  loosed  Rozinante  very  warily,  and 
tied  up  his  hose.  Rozinante,  feeling  himself  (although  he 
was  not  naturally  very  courageous),  he  seemed  to  rejoice, 
and  began  to  beat  the  ground  with  his  hoofs ;  for  (by  his 
leave)  he  could  never  yet  curvet.  Don  Quixote,  seeing 
that  Rozinante  could  now  stir,  accounted  it  to  be  a  good 
sign,  and  an  encouragement  of  him  to  attempt  that 
timorous  adventure. 

By  this  Aurora  did  display  her  purple  mantle  over  the 
face  of  heaven,  and  everything  appeared  distinctly,  which 
made  Don  Quixote  perceive  that  he  was  among  a  number 
of  tall  chestnut-trees,  which  commonly  make  a  great 
shadow.  He  heard  likewise  those  incessable  strokes,  but 
could  not  espy  the  cause  of  them ;  wherefore,  giving 
Rozinante  presently  the  spur,  and  turning  back  again  to 
Sancho,  to  bid  him  farewell,  he  commanded  him  to  stay 
for  him  there  three  days  at  the  longest,  and  that,  if  he 
returned  not  after  that  space,  he  should  make  full  account 


Chap.  VI  THE   MYSTERIOUS   NOISES  155 

that  Jove  was  pleased  he  should  end  his  days  in  that 
dangerous  adventure.  He  repeated  to  him  again  the 
embassage  and  errand  he  should  carry  in  his  behalf 
to  his  Lady  Dulcinea ;  and  that,  touching  the  reward 
of  his  services,  he  should  not  fear  anything ;  for 
he  had  left  his  testament,  made  before  he  departed 
from  his  village,  where  he  should  find  himself  gratified 
touching  all  that  which  pertained  to  his  hire,  according  to 
the  rate  of  the  time  he  had  served ;  but  if  God  would 
bring  him  off  from  that  adventure  safe  and  sound,  and 
without  danger,  he  might  fully  account  to  receive  the 
promised  island. 

Here  Sancho  began  anew  to  weep,  hearing  again 
the  pitiful  discourses  of  his  good  lord,  and  determined 
not  to  abandon  him  until  the  last  trance  and  end  of 
that  affair;  and  out  of  these  tears  and  honourable 
resolution  of  Sancho,  the  author  of  this  history  collects, 
that  it  is  like  he  was  well  born,  or  at  the  very  least  an  old 
Christian,  whose  grief  did  move  his  master  a  little,  but 
not  so  much  as  he  should  show  the  least  argument  of 
weakness ;  but  rather,  dissembling  it  the  best  he  could,  he 
followed  on  his  way  towards  the  way  of  the  water,  and 
that  where  the  strokes  were  heard.  Sancho  followed  him 
afoot,  leading,  as  he  was  wont,  his  ass  by  the  halter,  who 
was  the  inseparable  fellow  of  his  prosperous  or  adverse 
fortunes. 

And  having  travelled  a  good  space  among  these  chest- 
nut and  shady  trees,  they  came  out  into  a  little  plain  that 
stood  at  the  foot  of  certain  steep  rocks,  from  whose  tops 
did  precipitate  itself  a  great  fall  of  water.  There  were  at 
the  foot  of  those  rocks  certain  houses,  so  ill  made  as  they 
rather  seemed  ruins  of  buildings  than  houses  ;  from  whence, 
as  they  perceived,  did  issue  the  fearful  rumour  and  noise  of 
the  strokes,  which  yet  continued. 

Rozinante  at  this  dreadful  noise  did  start,  and  being  made 
quiet  by  his  lord,  Don  Quixote  did  by  little  and  little  draw 
near  to  the  houses,  recommending  himself  on  the  way  most 
devoutly  to  his  Lady  Dulcinea, and  also  to  Jove,  desiring  him 
that  he  would  not  forget  him.     Sancho  never  departed  from 


150  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

his  lord's  side,  and  stretched  out  his  neck  and  eyes  as  far  as 
he  might  through  Rozinante  his  legs,  to  see  if  he  could 
perceive  that  which  held  him  so  fearful  and  suspended. 
And  after  they  had  travelled  about  a  hundred  paces  more, 
at  the  doubling  of  a  point  of  a  mountain,  they  saw  the 
very  cause  patent  and  open  (for  there  could  be  none  other) 
of  that  so  hideous  and  fearful  a  noise  that  had  kept  them 
all  the  night  so  doubtful  and  affrighted,  and  was  (O 
reader  !  if  thou  wilt  not  take  it  in  bad  part)  six  iron  maces 
that  fulled  cloth,  which,  with  their  interchangeable  blows, 
did  form  that  marvellous  noise. 

When  Don  Quixote  saw  what  it  was,  he  waxed  mute  and 
all  ashamed.  Sancho  beheld  him,  and  saw  that  he  hung 
his  head  on  his  breast  with  tokens  that  he  was  somewhat 
ashamed.  Don  Quixote  looked  also  on  his  squire,  and 
saw  his  cheeks  swollen  with  laughter,  giving  withal 
evident  signs  that  he  was  in  danger  to  burst  if  he  vented 
not  that  passion  ;  whereat  all  Don  Quixote's  melancholy 
little  prevailing,  he  could  not,  beholding  Sancho,  but  laugh 
also  himself.  And  when  Sancho  saw  his  master  begin  the 
play,  he  let  slip  the  prisoner  in  such  violent  manner,  to  press 
his  sides  hardly  with  both  his  hands  to  save  himself  from 
bursting.  Four  times  he  ended,  and  other  four  he  renewed 
his  laughter,  with  as  great  impulse  and  force  as  at  the  first ; 
whereat  Don  Quixote  was  wonderfully  enraged,  but  chiefly 
hearing  him  say  in  gibing  manner,  '  I  would  have  thee 
know,  friend  Sancho,  that  I  was  born,  by  the  disposition  of 
Heaven,  in  this  our  age  of  iron,  to  renew  in  it  that  of  gold, 
or  the  golden  world.  I  am  he  for  whom  are  reserved  all 
dangerous,  great,  and  valorous  feats.'  And  in  this  sort  he 
went  repeating  all  or  the  greatest  part  of  the  words  Don 
Quixote  had  said  the  first  time  that  they  heard  the  timorous 
blows.  Don  Quixote  perceiving  that  Sancho  mocked  him, 
grew  so  ashamed  and  angry  withal,  that,  lifting  up  the  end 
of  his  lance,  he  gave  him  two  such  blows  on  the  back,  as  if 
he  had  received  them  on  his  pate,  would  have  freed  his 
master  from  paying  him  any  wages,  if  it  were  not  to  his 
heirs.  Sancho,  seeing  that  he  gained  so  ill  earnest  by 
his  jests,  fearing  that  his^master  should  go  onward  with  it. 


Chap.  VI  SANCHO'S   MIRTH  157 

he  said  unto  him,  with  very  great  submission,  '  Pacify 
yourself,  good  sir;  for,  by  Jove,  I  did  but  jest/  'But 
why  dost  thou  jest  ?  I  tell  thee  I  do  not  jest,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  Come  here,  master  merry-man  ;  thinkest  thou 
that,  as  those  are  iron  maces  to  full  cloth,  if  they  were 
some  other  dangerous  adventure,  that  I  have  not  shown 
resolution  enough  to  undertake  and  finish  it  ?  Am  I  by 
chance  obliged,  being,  as  I  am,  a  knight,  to  know  and 
distinguish  noises,  and  perceive  which  are  of  a  fulling-mill, 
or  no  ?  And  more  it  might  (as  it  is  true),  that  I  never 
saw  any  before,  as  thou  hast  done,  base  villain  that  thou 
art !  born  and  brought  up  among  the  like  :  if  not,  make 
thou  that  these  six  maces  be  converted  into  giants,  and 
cast  them  in  my  beard  one  by  one,  or  all  together  ;  and 
when  I  do  not  turn  all  their  heels  up,  then  mock  me  as 
much  as  thou  pleasest.' 

'  No  more,  good  sir,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  for  I  confess  I 
have  been  somewhat  too  laughsome  ;  but  tell  me,  I  pray 
you,  now  that  we  are  in  peace,  as  God  shall  deliver  you 
out  of  all  adventures  that  may  befall  you,  as  whole  and 
sound  as  He  hath  done  out  of  this,  hath  the  not  great  fear 
we  were  in  been  a  good  subject  of  laughter,  and  a  thing 
worthy  the  telling  ? — at  least  I  ;  for  of  you  I  am  certain 
that  you  do  not  yet  know  what  fear  or  terror  is.'  'I  do 
not  deny,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  but  that  which  befel  us 
is  worthy  of  laughter  ;  yet  ought  it  not  to  be  recounted, 
forasmuch  as  all  persons  are  not  so  discreet  as  to  know 
how  to  discern  one  thing  from  another,  and  set  everything 
in  his  right  point.'  '  You  know,  at  leastwise,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  how  to  set  your  javelin  in  his  point  when,  point- 
ing at  my  pate,  you  hit  me  on  the  shoulders,  thanks  be  to 
God,  and  to  the  diligence  I  put  in  going  aside.  But  fare- 
well it,  for  all  will  away  in  the  bucking  ;  and  I  have  heard 
old  folk  say  "  that  man  loves  thee  well  who  makes  thee  to 
weep."  And  besides,  great  lords  are  wont,  after  a  bad 
word  which  they  say  to  one  of  their  serving-men,  to  be- 
stow on  him  presently  a  pair  of  hose.  But  I  know  not 
yet  what  they  are  wont  to  give  them  after  blows,  if  it  be 
not  that  knights-errant  give,  after  the  bastinado,  islands. 


158  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

or  kingdoms  on  the  continent.*  '  The  die  might  run  so 
favourably,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  as  all  thou  hast  said 
might  come  to  pass  ;  and  therefore  pardon  what  is  done, 
since  thou  art  discreet,  and  knowest  that  a  man's  first 
motions  are  not  in  his  hand.  And  be  advertised  of  one 
thing  from  henceforward  (to  the  end  to  abstain,  and  carry 
thyself  more  respectfully  in  thy  over-much  liberty  of 
speech  with  me),  that  in  as  many  books  of  chivalry  as  I 
have  read,  which  are  infinite,  I  never  found  that  any 
squire  spoke  so  much  with  his  lord  as  thou  dost  with 
thine  ;  which,  in  good  sooth,  I  do  attribute  to  thy  great 
indiscretion  and  mine  ;  thine,  in  respecting  me  so  little  ; 
mine,  in  not  making  myself  to  be  more  regarded.  Was 
not  Gandalin,  Amadis  de  Gaul's  squire,  earl  of  the  Firm 
Island  ?  And  yet  it  is  read  of  him,  that  he  spoke  to  his 
lord  with  his  cap  in  his  hand,  his  head  bowed,  and  his 
body  bended  (more  Turcesco).  What,  then,  shall  we  say 
of  Gasabel,  Don  Galaor's  squire,  who  was  so  silent,  as  to 
declare  us  the  excellency  thereof,  his  name  is  but  once 
repeated  in  all  that  so  great  and  authentic  a  history  ?  Of 
all  which  my  words,  Sancho,  thou  must  infer,  that  thou 
must  make  difference  between  the  master  and  the  man, 
the  lord  and  his  serving-man,  the  knight  and  his  squire  : 
so  that  from  this  day  forward  we  must  proceed  with  more 
respect,  not  letting  the  clew  run  so  much  ;  for  after  what 
way  soever  I  grow  angry  with  thee,  it  will  be  bad  for  the 
pitcher.  The  rewards  and  benefits  that  I  have  promised 
thee  will  come  in  their  time  ;  and  if  they  do  not,  thy 
wages  cannot  be  lost,  as  I  have  already  said  to  thee.' 

'  You  say  very  well,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  *  but  fain  would  I 
learn  (in  case  that  the  time  of  rewards  came  not,  and  that 
I  must  of  necessity  trust  to  my  wages)  how  much  a  knight- 
errant's  squire  did  gain  in  times  past  ?  or  if  they  did  agree 
for  months,  or  by  days,  as  mason's  men  ?'  *  I  do  not 
think,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that  they  went  by  the  hire, 
but  only  trusted  to  their  lord's  courtesy.  And  if  I  have 
assigned  wages  to  thee  in  my  sealed  testament,  which  I 
left  at  home,  it  was  to  prevent  the  worst  ;  because  I  know 
not  yet  what  success  chivalry  may  have  in  these  our  so 


Chap.  VII     THE   HELMET   OF   MAMBRINO  159 

miserable  times,  and  I  would  not  have  my  soul  suffer  in 
the  other  world  for  such  a  minuity  as  is  thy  wages  ;  for 
thou  must  understand  that  in  this  world  there  is  no  state 
so  dangerous  as  that  of  knights-errant.'  'That  is  most 
true/  replied  Sancho,  '  seeing  the  only  sound  of  the  maces 
of  a  fulling-mill  could  trouble  and  disquiet  the  heart  of  so 
valiant  a  knight  as  you  are.  But  you  may  be  sure  that  I 
will  not  hereafter  once  unfold  my  lips  to  jest  at  your 
doings,  but  only  to  honour  you  as  my  master  and  natural 
lord.'  '  By  doing  so,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  *  thou  shalt 
live  on  the  face  of  the  earth  ;  for,  next  to  our  parents,  we 
are  bound  to  respect  our  masters  as  if  they  were  our 
fathers.' 


CHAPTER  Vn 

Of  the  High  Adventure  and  Rich  Winning  of  the  Helmet  of 
Mambrino^  with  other  Successes  which  befel  the 
Invincible  Knight 

It  began  about  this  time  to  rain,  and  Sancho  would  fain 
have  entered  into  the  fulling-mills  ;  but  Don  Quixote  had 
conceived  such  hate  against  them  for  the  jest  recounted, 
as  he  would  in  no  wise  come  near  them ;  but,  turning  his 
way  on  the  right  hand,  he  fell  into  a  highway,  as  much 
beaten  as  that  wherein  they  rode  the  day  before.  Within 
a  while  after,  Don  Quixote  espied  one  a-horseback,  that 
bore  on  his  head  somewhat  that  glistered  like  gold ;  and 
scarce  had  he  seen  him,  when  he  turned  to  Sancho,  and 
said,  '  Methinks,  Sancho,  that  there's  no  proverb  that  is 
not  true  ;  for  they  are  all  sentences  taken  out  of  experience 
itself,  which  is  the  universal  mother  of  sciences  ;  and 
specially  that  proverb  that  says,  "  Where  one  door  is  shut, 
another  is  opened."  I  say  this  because,  if  fortune  did 
shut  yesternight  the  door  that  we  searched,  deceiving  us 
in  the  adventure  of  the  iron  maces,  it  lays  us  now  wide 
open  the  door  that  may  address  us  to  a  better  and  more 


i6o  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

certain  adventure,  whereon,  if  I  cannot  make  a  good  entry, 
the  fall  shall  be  mine,  without  being  able  to  attribute  it  to 
the  little  knowledge  of  the  fuUing-maces,  or  the  darkness 
of  the  night ;  which  I  affirm  because,  if  I  be  not  deceived, 
there  comes  one  towards  us  that  wears  on  his  head  the 
helmet  of  Mambrino,  for  which  I  made  the  oath/  '  See 
well  what  you  say,  sir,  and  better  what  you  do,'  quoth 
Sancho ;  '  for  I  would  not  wish  that  this  were  new  maces, 
to  batter  us  and  our  understanding/  '  The  devil  take 
thee  for  a  man  ! '  replied  Don  Quixote ;  '  what  difference 
is  there  betwixt  a  helmet  and  fulling-maces  ? '  *  I  know 
not,'  quoth  Sancho ;  '  but  if  I  could  speak  as  much  now  as 
I  was  wont,  perhaps  I  would  give  you  such  reasons  as  you 
yourself  should  see  how  much  you  are  deceived  in  that 
you  speak/  '  How  may  I  be  deceived  in  that  I  say, 
scrupulous  traitor  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Tell  me,  seest 
thou  not  that  knight  which  comes  riding  towards  us  on  a 
dapple-grey  horse,  with  a  helmet  of  gold  on  his  head  ? ' 
'That  which  I  see  and  find  out  to  be  so,'  answered  Sancho, 
'  is  none  other  than  a  man  on  a  grey  ass  like  mine  own, 
and  brings  on  his  head  somewhat  that  shines/  *  Why, 
that  is  Mambrino' s  helmet,'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Stand 
aside,  and  leave  me  alone  with  him ;  thou  shalt  see  how, 
without  speech,  to  cut  off  delays,  I  will  conclude  this 
adventure,  and  remain  with  the  helmet  as  mine  own  which 
I  have  so  much  desired.'  '  I  will  have  care  to  stand  off; 
but  I  turn  again  to  say,  that  I  pray  God  that  it  be  a 
purchase  of  gold,  and  not  fulling-mills.'  'I  have  already 
said  unto  thee  that  thou  do  not  make  any  more  mention, 
no,  not  in  thought,  of  those  maces ;  for  if  thou  dost,'  said 
Don  Quixote,  '  I  vow,  I  say  no  more,  that  I  will  batter  thy 
soul.'  Here  Sancho,  fearing  lest  his  master  would  accom- 
plish the  vow  which  he  had  thrown  out  as  round  as  a  bowl, 
held  his  peace. 

This,  therefore,  is  the  truth  of  the  history  of  the 
helmet,  horse,  and  knight,  which  Don  Quixote  saw. 
There  was  in  that  commark  two  villages,  the  one  so  little 
as  it  had  neither  shop  nor  barber,  but  the  greater,  that  was 
near  unto  it,  was  furnished  of  one ;  and  he  therefore  did 


Chap.  VII     THE   HELMET   OF   MAMBRINO  i6i 

serve  the  little  village  when  they  had  any  occasion,  as  now 
it  befell  that  therein  lay  one  sick,  and  must  be  let  blood, 
and  another  that  desired  to  trim  his  beard ;  for  which 
purpose  the  barber  came,  bringing  with  him  a  brazen 
basin.  And  as  he  travelled,  it  by  chance  began  to  rain, 
and  therefore  clapped  his  basin  on  his  head  to  save  his  hat 
from  staining,  because  it  belike  was  a  new  one ;  and  the 
basin  being  clean  scoured,  glistered  half  a  league  off.  He 
rode  on  a  grey  ass,  as  Sancho  said,  and  that  was  the  reason 
why  Don  Quixote  took  him  to  be  a  dapple-grey  steed, 
a  knight,  and  a  helmet  of  gold  ;  for  he  did,  with  all  facility, 
apply  everything  which  he  saw  to  his  raving  chivalry  and 
ill-errant  thoughts.  And  when  he  saw  that  the  poor 
knight  drew  near,  without  settling  himself  to  commune 
with  him,  he  inrested  his  javelin^  low  on  the  thigh,  and  ran 
with  all  the  force  Rozinante  might,  thinking  to  strike  him 
through  and  through ;  and,  drawing  near  unto  him,  with- 
out stopping  his  horse,  he  cried,  '  Defend  thyself,  caitiff ! 
or  else  render  unto  me  willingly  that  which  is  my  due  by 
all  reason.' 

The  barber,  who  so  without  fearing  or  surmising  any 
such  thing,  saw  that  fantasy  and  spirit  came  upon  him, 
had  no  other  remedy,  to  avoid  the  blow  of  the  lance,  but 
to  fall  off  his  ass  to  the  ground  ;  and  scarce  had  he 
touched  the  earth,  when  rising  up  again  as  light  as  a  deer, 
he  ran  away  so  swiftly  through  the  plain  as  the  wind  could 
scarce  overtake  him,  leaving  behind  him  on  the  ground  his 
basin ;  wherewithal  Don  Quixote  rested  content,  and  said 
that  pagan  which  lost  it  was  discreet,  and  did  imitate  the 
castor,  who  seeing  himself  hotly  pursued  by  the  hunters, 
which  tears  and  cuts  away  that  with  his  teeth  for  which  he 
knows  by  natural  instinct  he  is  followed. 

Then  he  commanded  Sancho  to  take  up  the  helmet; 
who,  lifting  it,  said,  '  The  basin  is  a  good  one,  by 
God,  and  is  as  well  worth  a  real  of  eight  as  a  marvedi.' 
And,  giving  it  to  his  lord,  he  presently  set  it  on  his 
head,  turning  about  every  way  to  see  whether  he  could 
get    the    beaver ;    and,  seeing    he    could  not  find   it,  he 

1  Lanfon. 

I.  L 


i62  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

said,  ^  The  pagan  for  whom  this  famous  helmet  was  first 
forged  had  doubtlessly  a  very  great  head  ;  and  that  which 
grieves  me  principally  is  that  this  helmet  wants  the  one 
half; 

When  Sancho  heard  him  call  the  basin  a  helmet,  he 
could  not  contain  his  laughter  ;  but  presently  remember- 
ing of  his  master's  choler,  he  checked  it  in  the  midst. 
'  Why  dost  thou  laugh,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  I  laugh,'  said  he,  '  to  think  on  the  great  head  the  pagan 
owner  of  this  helmet  had  ;  for  it  is  for  all  the  world  like  a 
barber's  basin.'  '  Know,  Sancho,  that  I  imagine,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  that  this  famous  piece  of  this  enchanted 
helmet  did  fall,  by  some  strange  accident,  into  some  one's 
hands  that  knew  not  the  worth  thereof,  and  seeing  it  was 
of  pure  gold,  without  knowing  what  he  did,  I  think  he 
hath  molten  the  half,  to  profit  himself  therewithal,  and 
made  of  the  other  half  this,  which  seems  a  barber's  basin, 
as  thou  sayst  :  but  be  it  what  it  list,  to  me  who  knows 
well  what  it  is,  his  transmutation  makes  no  matter  ;  for  I 
will  dress  it  in  the  first  town  where  I  shall  find  a  smith,  as 
that  which  the  God  of  Forges  made  for  the  God  of  War 
shall  not  surpass,  no,  nor  come  near  it  ;  and  in  the  mean- 
while I  will  wear  it  as  I  may,  for  something  is  better  than 
nothing  ;  and  more,  seeing  it  may  very  well  defend  me 
from  the  blow  of  a  stone.'  '  That's  true,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  if  it  be  not  thrown  out  of  a  sling,  such  as  that  of  the 
battle  of  the  two  armies,  when  they  blessed  your  worship's 
cheek  teeth,  and  broke  the  bottle  wherein  you  carried  the 
most  blessed  drench  which  made  me  vomit  up  my  guts.' 
'  I  do  not  much  care  for  the  loss  of  it,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote ;  '  for,  as  thou  knowest,  I  have  the  recipe  in 
memory.'  '  So  have  I  likewise,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  *  but  if 
ever  I  make  it  or  taste  it  again  in  my  life,  I  pray  God  that 
here  may  be  mine  end  :  how  much  more,  I  never  mean 
to  thrust  myself  into  any  occasion  wherein  I  should  have 
need  of  it ;  for  I  mean,  with  all  my  five  senses,  to  keep 
myself  from  hurting  any,  or  being  hurt.  Of  being  once 
again  tossed  in  a  coverlet,  I  say  nothing;  for  such  dis- 
graces can  hardly  be  prevented,  and  if  they  befall,  there 


Chap.  VII      THE   HELMET   OF   MAMBRINO  163 

is  no  other  remedy  but  patience,  and  to  lift  up  the 
shoulders,  keep  in  the  breath,  shut  the  eyes,  and  suffer 
ourselves  to  be  borne  where  fortune  and  the  coverlet 
pleaseth.* 

'  Thou  art  a  bad  Christian,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
hearing  him  say  so  ;  '  for  thou  never  forgettest  the  injuries 
that  are  once  done  to  thee  :  know  that  it  is  the  duty  of 
noble  and  generous  minds  not  to  make  any  account  of 
toys.  What  leg  hast  thou  brought  away  lame,  what  rib 
broken,  or  what  head  hurt,  that  thou  canst  not  yet  forget 
that  jest  ?  For  the  thing  being  well  examined,  it  was 
none  other  than  a  jest  or  pastime  ;  for  if  I  did  not  take  it 
to  be  such,  I  had  returned  by  this  to  that  place,  and  done 
more  harm  in  thy  revenge  than  that  which  the  Greeks  did 
for  the  rape  of  Helen  :  who,  if  she  were  in  these  times,  or 
my  Dulcinea  in  hers,  she  might  be  sure  she  should  never 
have  gained  so  much  fame  for  beauty  as  she  did.'  And, 
saying  so,  he  pierced  the  sky  with  a  sigh.  *  Then,'  said 
Sancho,  '  let  it  pass  for  a  jest,  since  the  revenge  cannot 
pass  in  earnest ;  but  I  know  well  the  quality  both  of  the 
jest  and  earnest,  and  also  that  they  shall  never  fall  out  of 
my  memory,  as  they  will  never  out  of  my  shoulders.  But, 
leaving  this  apart,  what  shall  we  do  with  this  dapple-grey 
steed,  that  looks  so  like  a  grey  ass,  which  that  Martin 
left  behind,  whom  you  overthrew,  who,  according  as  he 
laid  feet  on  the  dust  and  made  haste,  he  minds  not  to 
come  back  for  him  again ;  and,  by  my  beard,  the  grey 
beast  is  a  good  one.'  '  I  am  not  accustomed,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  *  to  ransack  and  spoil  those  whom  I  overcome ; 
nor  is  it  the  practice  of  chivalry  to  take  their  horses  and 
let  them  go  afoot,  if  that  it  befall  [not]  the  victor  to  lose  in 
the  conflict  his  own  ;  for  in  such  a  case  it  is  lawful  to  take 
that  of  the  vanquished  as  won  in  fair  war.  So  that, 
Sancho,  leave  that  horse,  or  ass,  or  what  else  thou  pleasest 
to  call  it ;  for  when  his  owner  sees  us  departed,  he  will 
return  again  for  it.'  *God  knows,'  quoth  Sancho,  'whether 
it  will  be  good  or  no  for  me  to  take  him,  or  at  least  change 
for  mine  own,  which,  methinks,  is  not  so  good.  Truly 
the  laws  of  knighthood  are  strait,  since  they  extend  not 


i64  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

themselves  to  license  the  exchange  of  one  ass  for  another. 
And  I  would  know  whether  they  permit  at  least  to  ex- 
change the  one  harness  for  another  ? '  'In  that  I  am  not 
very  sure/  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  and  as  a  case  of  doubt 
(until  I  be  better  informed),  I  say  that  thou  exchange 
them,  if  by  chance  thy  need  be  extreme/  '  So  extreme,' 
quoth  Sancho,  'that  if  they  were  for  mine  own  very  person, 
I  could  not  need  them  more.'  And  presently,  enabled  by 
the  license,  he  made  mutatio  caparum,  and  set  forth  his 
beast  like  a  hundred  holidays. 

This  being  done,  they  broke  their  fast  with  the  relics  ot 
the  spoils  they  had  made  in  the  camp  of  sumpter-horse, 
and  drank  of  the  mills'  streams,  without  once  turning  to 
look  on  them  (so  much  they  abhorred  them  for  the  mar- 
vellous terror  they  had  strucken  them  in)  ;  and  having  by 
their  repast  cut  away  all  choleric  and  melancholic  humours, 
they  followed  on  the  way  which  Rozinante  pleased  to  lead 
them,  who  was  the  depository  of  his  master's  will,  and  also 
of  the  ass's,  who  followed  him  always  wheresoever  he  went, 
in  good  amity  and  company :  for  all  this,  they  returned  to 
the  highway,  wherein  they  travelled  at  random,  without 
any  certain  deliberation  which  way  to  go.  And  as  they 
thus  travelled,  Sancho  said  to  his  lord,  '  Sir,  will  you  give 
me  leave  to  commune  a  little  with  you  "^  for,  since  you 
have  imposed  upon  me  that  sharp  commandment  of  silence, 
more  than  four  things  have  rotted  in  my  stomach;  and 
one  thing  that  I  have  now  upon  the  tip  of  my  tongue, 
I  would  not  wish  for  anything  that  it  should  miscarry.' 
'  Say  it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and  be  brief  in  thy  reasons ; 
for  none  is  delightful  if  it  be  prolix.'  '  I  say  then,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  that  I  have  been  these  later  days  considering  how 
little  is  gained  by  following  these  adventures  that  you  do 
through  these  deserts  and  cross-ways,  where,  though  you 
overcome  and  finish  the  most  dangerous,  yet  no  man  sees 
or  knows  them,  and  so  they  shall  remain  in  perpetual 
silence,  both  to  your  prejudice  and  that  of  the  fame  which 
they  deserve.  And  therefore,  methinks,  it  were  better 
(still  expecting  your  better  judgment  herein),  that  we  went 
to  serve  some  emperor  or  other  great  prince  that  maketh 


Chap.  VII  A   DREAM   OF  TRIUMPH  165 

war,  in  whose  service  you  might  show  the  valour  of  your 
person,  your  marvellous  force,  and  wonderful  judgment ; 
which  being  perceived  by  the  lord  whom  we  shall  serve, 
he  must  perforce  reward  us,  every  one  according  to  his 
deserts ;  and  in  such  a  place  will  not  want  one  to  record 
your  noble  acts  for  a  perpetual  memory.  Of  mine  I  say 
nothing,  seeing  they  must  not  transgress  the  squire-like 
limits ;  although  I  dare  avouch  that,  if  any  notice  be  taken 
in  chivalry  of  the  feats  of  squires,  mine  shall  not  fall  away 
betwixt  the  lines/ 

'  Sancho,  thou  sayst  not  ill,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  but 
before  such  a  thing  come  to  pass,  it  is  requisite  to  spend 
some  time  up  and  down  the  world,  as  in  probation,  seek- 
ing of  adventures,  to  the  end  that,  by  achieving  some,  a  man 
may  acquire  such  fame  and  renown,  as  when  he  goes  to 
the  court  of  any  great  monarch,  he  be  there  already  known 
by  his  works  ;  and  that  he  shall  scarcely  be  perceived  to 
enter  at  the  gates  by  the  boys  of  that  city,  when  they  all 
will  follow  and  environ  him,  crying  out  aloud.  This  is  the 
Knight  of  the  Sun,  or  the  Serpent,  or  of  some  other 
device  under  which  he  hath  achieved  strange  adventures. 
"This  is  he,"  will  they  say,  *' who  overcame  in  single  fight 
the  huge  giant  Brocabruno  of  the  invincible  strength  ;  he 
that  disenchanted  the  great  Sophy  of  Persia,  of  the  large 
enchantment  wherein  he  had  lain  almost  nine  hundred 
years."  So  that  they  will  thus  go  proclaiming  his  acts 
from  hand  to  hand ;  and  presently  the  king  of  that  king- 
dom, moved  by  the  great  bruit  of  the  boys  and  other 
people,  will  stand  at  the  windows  of  his  palace  to  see  what 
it  is ;  and  as  soon  as  he  shall  eye  the  knight,  knowing  him 
by  his  arms,  or  by  the  imprese  of  his  shield,  he  must 
necessarily  say,  "Up  !  go  all  of  you,  my  knights,  as  many 
of  you  as  are  in  court,  forth,  to  receive  the  flower  of 
chivalry,  which  comes  there."  At  whose  command  they 
all  will  sally,  and  he  himself  will  come  down  to  the  midst 
of  the  stairs,  and  will  embrace  him  most  straitly,  and  will 
give  him  the  peace,  kissing  him  on  the  cheek ;  and 
presently  will  carry  him  by  the  hand  to  the  queen's 
chamber,  where  the  knight  shall  find  her  accompanied  by 


i66  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

the  princess  her  daughter,  which  must  be  one  of  the  fairest 
and  dehonnaire  damsels  that  can  be  found  throughout  the 
vast  compass  of  the  earth.  After  this  will  presently  and 
in  a  trice  succeed,  that  she  will  cast  her  eye  on  the  knight, 
and  he  on  her,  and  each  of  them  shall  seem  to  the  other 
no  human  creature,  but  an  angel ;  and  then,  without 
knowing  how,  or  how  not,  they  shall  remain  captive  and 
entangled  in  the  inextricable  amorous  net,  and  with  great 
care  in  their  minds,  because  they  know  not  how  they  shall 
speak  to  discover  their  anguish  and  feeling.  From  thence 
the  king  will  carry  him,  without  doubt,  to  some  quarter 
of  his  palace  richly  hanged ;  where,  having  taken  off  his 
arms,  they  will  bring  him  a  rich  mantle  of  scarlet,  furred 
with  ermines,  to  wear  ;  and  if  he  seemed  well  before,  being 
armed,  he  shall  now  look  as  well,  or  better,  out  of  them. 
The  night  being  come,  he  shall  sup  with  the  king,  queen, 
and  princess,  where  he  shall  never  take  his  eye  off  her,  be- 
holding unawares  of  those  that  stand  present,  and  she  will 
do  the  like  with  as  much  discretion ;  for,  as  I  have  said, 
she  is  a  very  discreet  damsel.  The  tables  shall  be  taken 
up ;  there  shall  enter,  unexpectedly,  in  at  the  hall,  an  ill- 
favoured  little  dwarf,  with  a  fair  lady  that  comes  behind 
the  dwarf  between  two  giants,  with  a  certain  adventure, 
wrought  by  a  most  ancient  wise  man,  and  that  he  who 
shall  end  it  shall  be  held  for  the  best  knight  of  the  world. 
Presently  the  king  will  command  all  those  that  are  present 
to  prove  it,  which  they  do,  but  none  of  them  can  finish  it 
but  only  the  new-come  knight,  to  the  great  proof  of  his 
fame ;  whereat  the  princess  will  remain  very  glad,  and  will 
be  very  joyful,  and  well  apaid,  because  she  hath  settled 
her  thoughts  in  so  high  a  place.  And  the  best  of  it  is, 
that  this  king,  or  prince,  or  what  else  he  is,  hath  a  very 
great  war  with  another  as  mighty  as  he ;  and  the 
knight  his  guest  doth  ask  him  (after  he  hath  been  in 
the  court  a  few  days)  license  to  go  and  serve  him  in 
that  war.  The  king  will  give  it  with  a  very  good  will, 
and  the  knight  will  kiss  his  hands  courteously  for  the 
favour  he  doth  him  therein.  And  that  night  he  will 
take  leave  of  his  lady,  the  princess,  by  some  window  of 


Chap.  VII  A   DREAM   OF  TRIUMPH  167 

a  garden  that  looks  into  her  bed-chamber,  by  the  which 
he  hath  spoken  to  her  ofttimes  before, — being  a  great 
means  and  help  thereto,  a  certain  damsel  which  the 
princess  trusts  very  much.  He  sighs,  and  she  will  fall 
in  a  swoon,  and  the  damsel  will  bring  water  to  bring  her 
to  herself  again  ;  she  will  be  also  full  of  care  because  the 
morning  draws  near,  and  she  would  not  have  them 
discovered  by  any,  for  her  lady's  honour.  Finally,  the 
princess  will  return  to  herself,  and  will  give  out  her 
beautiful  hands  at  the  window  to  the  knight,  who  will  kiss 
them  a  thousand  and  a  thousand  times,  and  will  bathe 
them  all  in  tears.  There  it  will  remain  agreed  between 
them  two  the  means  that  they  will  use  to  acquaint  one 
another  with  their  good  or  bad  successes  ;  and  the 
princess  will  pray  him  to  stay  away  as  little  time  as  he 
may  ;  which  he  shall  promise  unto  her,  with  many  oaths 
and  protestations.  Then  will  he  turn  again  to  kiss  her 
hands,  and  take  his  leave  of  her  with  such  feeling,  that 
there  will  want  but  little  to  end  his  life  in  the  place. 
He  goes  from  thence  to  his  chamber,  and  casts  himself 
upon  his  bed  ;  but  he  shall  not  be  able  to  sleep  a  nap  for 
sorrow  of  his  departure.  He  will  after  get  up  very  early, 
and  will  go  to  take  leave  of  the  king,  the  queen,  and 
princess.  They  tell  him  (having  taken  leave  of  the  first 
two)  that  the  princess  is  ill  at  ease,  and  that  she  cannot  be 
visited  :  the  knight  thinks  that  it  is  for  grief  of  his 
departure,  and  the  which  tidings  lanceth  him  anew  to  the 
bottom  of  his  heart,  whereby  he  will  be  almost  constrained 
to  give  manifest  tokens  of  his  grief.  The  damsel  that  is 
privy  to  their  loves  will  be  present,  and  must  note  all 
that  passeth,  and  go  after  to  tell  it  to  her  mistress,  who 
receives  her  with  tears,  and  says  unto  her,  that  one  of  the 
greatest  afflictions  she  hath  is,  that  she  doth  not  know 
who  is  her  knight,  or  whether  he  be  of  blood  royal  or  no. 
Her  damsel  will  assure  her  again,  that  so  great  bounty, 
beauty,  and  valour  as  is  in  her  knight  could  not  find  place 
but  in  a  great  and  royal  subject.  The  careful  princess 
will  comfort  herself  with  this  hope,  and  labour  to  be 
cheerful,  lest  she  should  give  occasion  to  her  parents  to 


i68  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

suspect  any  sinister  thing  of  her  ;  and  within  two  days 
again  she  will  come  out  in  public.  By  this  the  knight  is 
departed  :  he  fights  in  the  war,  and  overcomes  the  king's 
enemy  ;  he  wins  many  cities,  and  triumphs  for  many 
battles  ;  he  returns  to  the  court ;  he  visits  his  lady,  and 
speaks  to  her  at  the  accustomed  place  ;  he  agreeth  with 
her  to  demand  her  of  the  king  for  his  wife,  in  reward  of 
his  services  ;  whereunto  the  king  will  not  consent,  because 
he  knows  not  what  he  is  ;  but  for  all  this,  either  by 
carrying  her  away,  or  by  some  other  manner,  the  princess 
becomes  his  wife,  and  he  accounts  himself  therefore  very 
fortunate,  because  it  was  after  known  that  the  same  knight 
is  son  to  a  very  valorous  king,  of  I  know  not  what 
country  ;  for  I  believe  it  is  not  in  all  the  map.  The 
father  dies,  and  the  princess  doth  inherit  the  kingdom  ; 
and  thus,  in  two  words,  our  knight  is  become  a  king. 
Here  in  this  place  enters  presently  the  commodity  to 
reward  his  squire,  and  all  those  that  helped  him  to  ascend 
to  so  high  an  estate.  He  marries  his  squire  with  one  of 
the  princess's  damsels,  which  shall  doubtless  be  the  very 
same  that  was  acquainted  with  his  love,  who  is  some 
principal  duke's  daughter.' 

'  That's  it  I  seek  for,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  and  all  will 
go  right  ;  therefore  I  will  leave  to  that,  for  every  whit 
of  it  which  you  said  will  happen  to  yourself,  without 
missing  a  jot,  calling  yourself,  the  Knight  of  the  Ill- 
favoured  Face.'  '  Never  doubt  it,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  for  even  in  the  very  same  manner,  and  by 
the  same  steps  that  I  have  recounted  here,  knights-errant 
do  ascend,  and  have  ascended,  to  be  kings  and  emperors. 
This  only  is  expedient,  that  we  inquire  what  king  among 
the  Christians  or  heathens  makes  war  and  hath  a  fair 
daughter :  but  we  shall  have  time  enough  to  bethink  that, 
since,  as  I  have  said,  we  must  first  acquire  fame  in  other 
places,  before  we  go  to  the  court.  Also  I  want  another 
thing,  that  put  case  that  we  find  a  Christian  or  pagan  king 
that  hath  wars  and  a  fair  daughter,  and  that  I  have  gained 
incredible  fame  throughout  the  wide  world,  yet  cannot  I 
tell  how  I  might  find  that  I  am  descended  from  kings,  or 


Chap.  VII  THE   DON'S   PEDIGREE  169 

that  I  am  at  the  least  cousin-german  removed  of  an  em- 
peror; for  the  king  will  not  give  me  his  daughter  until 
this  be  first  very  well  proved,  though  my  works  deserve  it 
never  so  much ;  so  that  I  fear  to  lose,  through  this  defect, 
that  which  mine  own  hath  merited  so  well.  True  it  is 
that  I  am  a  gentleman  of  a  known  house  of  propriety  and 
possession ;  and  perhaps  the  wise  man  that  shall  write  my 
history  will  so  beautify  my  kindred  and  descent,  that  he 
will  find  me  to  be  the  fifth  or  sixth  descent  from  a  king. 
For  thou  must  understand,  Sancho,  that  there  are  two 
manners  of  lineages  in  the  world :  some  that  derive  their 
pedigree  from  princes  and  monarchs,  whom  time  hath  by 
little  and  little  diminished  and  consumed,  and  ended  in  a 
point  like  pyramids ;  others,  that  took  their  beginning 
from  base  people,  and  ascend  from  degree  unto  degree, 
until  they  become  at  last  great  lords.  So  that  all  the 
difference  is,  that  some  were  that  which  they  are  not  now, 
and  others  are  that  which  they  were  not ;  and  it  might  be 
that  I  am  of  those,  and,  after  good  examination,  my 
beginning  might  be  found  to  have  been  famous  and 
glorious,  wherewithal  the  king,  my  father-in-law,  ought 
to  be  content,  whosoever  he  were ;  and  when  he  were  not, 
yet  shall  the  princess  love  me  in  such  sort,  that  she  shall, 
in  despite  of  her  father's  teeth,  admit  me  for  her  lord  and 
spouse,  although  she  knew  me  to  be  the  son  of  a  water- 
bearer.  And  if  not,  here  in  this  place  may  quader  well 
the  carrying  of  her  away  perforce,  and  carrying  of  her 
where  best  I  liked;  for  either  time  or  death  must  needs 
end  her  father's  displeasure.' 

*  Here  comes  well  to  pass  that,'  [said]  Sancho,  *  which 
some  damned  fellows  are  wont  to  say,  *'  Seek  not  to  get 
that  with  a  good  will  which  thou  mayst  take  perforce  "  ; 
although  it  were  better  said,  ''  The  leap  of  a  shrub  is  more 
worth  than  good  men's  entreaties."  I  say  it  to  this  pur- 
pose, that  if  the  king,  your  father-in-law,  will  not  conde- 
scend to  give  unto  you  the  princess,  my  mistress,  then 
there's  no  more  to  be  done,  but,  as  you  say,  to  steal  her 
away  and  carry  her  to  another  place ;  but  all  the  harm  is 
that,  in  the  meanwhile  that  composition  is  unmade,  and 


I/O  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

you  possess  not  quietly  your  kingdom,  the  poor  squire 
may  whistle  for  any  benefit  or  pleasure  you  are  able  to  do 
him,  if  it  be  not  that  the  damsel  of  whom  you  spoke  even 
now  run  away  with  her  lady,  and  that  he  pass  away  his 
misfortunes  now  and  then  with  her,  until  Heaven  ordain 
some  other  thing ;  for  I  do  think  that  his  lord  may  give 
her  unto  him  presently,  if  she  please  to  be  his  lawful 
spouse/  '  There's  none  that  can  deprive  thee  of  that,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Why,  so  that  this  may  befall,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  there's  no  more  but  to  commend  ourselves 
to  God,  and  let  fortune  run  where  it  may  best  address  us.' 
'  God  bring  it  so  to  pass,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  as  I 
desire,  and  thou  hast  need  of,  Sancho ;  and  let  him  be  a 
wretch  that  accounts  himself  one.'  '  Let  him  be  so,' 
quoth  Sancho ;  '  for  1  am  an  old  Christian,  and  to  be 
an  earl  there  is  no  more  requisite.'  '  Ay,  and  'tis  more 
than  enough,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  that  purpose  ; 
and  though  thou  wert  not,  it  made  not  much  matter ;  for 
I,  being  a  king,  may  give  thee  nobility,  without  either 
buying  of  it,  or  serving  me  with  nothing ;  for,  in  creating 
thee  an  earl,  lo !  thereby  thou  art  a  gentleman.  And,  let 
men  say  what  they  please,  they  must,  in  good  faith,  call 
thee  "right  honourable,"  although  it  grieve  them  never 
so  much.'  'And  think  you,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  I  would 
not  authorise  my  litado  ? '  '  Thou  must  say  dictado^  or 
dignity,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and  not  litado,  for  that's  a 
barbarous  word.'  '  Let  it  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho  Panza. 
'  I  say  that  I  would  accommodate  all  very  well ;  for  1  was 
once  the  warner  of  a  confratriety,  and  the  warner's  gown 
became  me  so  well  that  every  one  said  I  had  a  presence  fit 
for  the  provost  of  the  same  :  then  how  much  more  when  I 
shall  set  on  my  shoulders  the  royal  robe  of  a  duke,  or  be 
apparelled  with  gold  and  pearls,  after  the  custom  of  strange 
earls  }  I  do  verily  believe  that  men  will  come  a  hundred 
leagues  to  see  me.'  '  Thou  wilt  seem  very  well,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  thou  must  shave  that  beard  very  often  ; 
for  as  thou  hast  it  now,  so  bushy,  knit,  and  unhandsome, 
if  thou  shavest  it  not  with  a  razor  at  the  least  every  other 
day,  men  will  know  that  thou  art  as  far  from  gentility  as 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY   SLAVES  171 

a  musket  can  carry/  '  What  more  is  there  to  be  done/ 
quoth  Sancho,  '  than  to  take  a  barber  and  keep  him  hired 
in  my  house  ?  yea,  and  if  it  be  necessary,  he  shall  ride 
after  me,  as  if  he  were  a  master  of  horse  to  some  noble- 
man/ '  How  knowest  thou,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
noblemen  have  their  masters  of  horses  riding  after  them  ?  * 
*  Some  few  years  ago  I  was  a  month  in  the  court,  and 
there  I  saw  that  a  young  little  lord  rode  by  for  his 
pleasure ;  they  said  he  was  a  great  grandee ;  there  followed 
him  still  a-horseback  a  certain  man,  turning  every  way 
that  he  went,  so  as  he  verily  seemed  to  be  his  horse's  tail. 
I  then  demanded  the  cause  why  that  man  did  not  ride  by 
the  other's  side,  but  still  did  follow  him  so.  They 
answered  me  that  he  was  master  of  his  horses,  and  that 
the  grandees  were  accustomed  to  carry  such  men  after 
them.'  'Thou  sayst  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and 
thou  mayst  carry  thy  barber  in  that  manner  after  thee; 
for  customs  came  not  all  together,  nor  were  not  invented 
at  once ;  and  thou  mayst  be  the  first  earl  that  carried  his 
barber  after  him :  and  I  do  assure  thee  that  it  is  an  office 
of  more  trust  to  trim  a  man's  beard  than  to  saddle  a 
horse.'  '  Let  that  of  the  barber  rest  to  my  charge,'  quoth 
Sancho,  *  and  that  of  procuring  to  be  a  king,  and  of  creat- 
ing me  an  earl,  to  yours.'  '  It  shall  be  so,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  And  thus,  lifting  up  his  eyes,  he  saw  that  which 
shall  be  recounted  in  the  chapter  following. 


CHAPTER  VIII 

Of  the  Liberty  Don  ^ixote  gave  to  many  Wretches^  who 
were  a-carrying  perforce  to  a  place  they  desired  not 

CiD  Hamet  Benengeli,  an  Arabic  and  Manchegan 
author,  recounts,  in  this  most  grave,  lofty,  divine,  sweet 
conceited  history,  that,  after  these  discourses  passed  between 
Don  Quixote  and  his  squire  Sancho  Panza,  which  we  have 


172  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

laid  down  in  the  last  chapter,  Don  Quixote,  lifting  up  his 
eyes,  saw  that  there  came  in  the  very  same  way  wherein 
they  rode,  about  some  twelve  men  in  a  company  on  foot, 
inserted  like  bead-stones  in  a  great  chain  of  iron,  that  was 
tied  about  their  necks,  and  every  one  of  them  had 
manacles  besides  on  their  hands.  There  came  to  conduct 
them  two  on  horseback  and  two  others  afoot  :  the  horse- 
men had  firelock  pieces  ;  those  that  came  afoot,  darts  and 
swords.  And  as  soon  as  Sancho  saw  them,  he  said  : 
'  This  is  a  chain  of  galley-slaves,  people  forced  by  the 
king  to  go  to  the  galleys.'  '  How  !  people  forced  } ' 
demanded  Don  Quixote  ;  '  is  it  possible  that  the  king  will 
force  anybody  ?'  'I  say  not  so,'  answered  Sancho,  '  but 
that  it  is  people  which  are  condemned,  for  their  offences, 
to  serve  the  king  in  the  galleys  perforce.'  '  In  resolution,' 
replied  Don  Quixote,  *  howsoever  it  be,  this  folk,  although 
they  be  conducted,  go  perforce,  and  not  willingly.'  '  That's 
so,'  quoth  Sancho.  '  Then,  if  that  be  so,  here  falls  in 
justly  the  execution  of  my  function,  to  wit,  the  dissolving 
of  violences  and  outrages,  and  the  succouring  of  the 
afflicted  and  needful.'  '  I  pray  you,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho, 
^  to  consider  that  the  justice,  who  represents  the  king 
himself,  doth  wrong  or  violence  to  nobody,  but  only  doth 
chastise  them  for  their  committed  crimes.' 

By  this  the  chain  of  slaves  arrived,  and  Don  Quixote, 
with  very  courteous  terms,  requested  those  that  went  in 
their  guard,  that  they  would  please  to  inform  him  of  the 
cause  wherefore  they  carried  that  people  away  in  that 
manner.  One  of  the  guardians  a-horseback  answered  that 
they  were  slaves  condemned  by  his  majesty  to  the  galleys, 
and  there  was  no  more  to  be  said,  neither  ought  he  to 
desire  any  further  knowledge.  '  For  all  that,'  replied  Don 
Quixote,  '  I  would  fain  learn  of  every  one  of  them  in 
particular  the  cause  of  his  disgrace.'  And  to  this  did  add 
other  such  and  so  courteous  words,  to  move  them  to  tell 
him  what  he  desired,  as  the  other  guardian  a-horseback 
said,  '  Although  we  carry  here  the  register  and  testimony 
of  the  condemnations  of  every  one  of  these  wretches,  yet 
this  is  no  time  to  hold  them  here  long,  or  take  out  the 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY   SLAVES  173 

processes  to  read  :  draw  you  nearer,  and  demand  it  of 
themselves  ;  for  they  may  tell  it  an  they  please,  and  I 
know  they  will ;  for  they  are  men  that  take  delight  both 
in  acting  and  relating  knaveries.' 

With  this  license,  which  Don  Quixote  himself  would 
have  taken  although  they  had  not  given  it  him,  he  came 
to  the  chain,  and  demanded  of  the  first  for  what  offence 
he  went  in  so  ill  a  guise.  He  answered  that  his  offence 
was  no  other  than  for  being  in  love  ;  for  which  cause  only 
he  went  in  that  manner.  *  For  that,  and  no  more  ? ' 
replied  Don  Quixote.  '  Well,  if  enamoured  folk  be  cast 
into  the  galleys,  I  might  have  been  rowing  there  a  good 
many  days  ago.'  '  My  love  was  not  such  as  you  con- 
jecture,' quoth  the  slave  ;  *  for  mine  was  that  I  loved  so 
much  a  basket  well  heaped  with  fine  linen,  as  I  did 
embrace  it  so  straitly,  that  if  the  justice  had  not  taken  it 
away  from  me  by  force,  I  would  not  have  forsaken  it  to 
this  hour  by  my  good-will.  All  was  done  in  flagrante  ; 
there  was  no  leisure  to  give  me  torment ;  the  cause  was 
concluded,  my  shoulders  accommodated  with  a  hundred, 
and,  for  a  supplement,  three  prizes  of  garrupes,  and  the 
work  was  ended.'  '  What  are  garrupes  } '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  *  Garrupes  are  galleys,'  replied  the  slave,  who 
was  a  young  man  of  some  four-and-twenty  years  old,  and 
said  he  was  born  in  Piedrahita. 

Don  Quixote  demanded  of  the  second  his  cause  of 
offence,  who  would  answer  nothing,  he  went  so  sad  and 
melancholy.  But  the  first  answered  for  him,  and  said, 
'  Sir,  this  man  goes  for  a  canary-bird,  I  mean  for  a  musician 
and  singer.'  *  Is  it  possible,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  that 
musicians  and  singers  are  likewise  sent  to  the  galleys  } ' 
'Yes,  sir,'  quoth  the  slave  ;  'for  there's  nothing  worse  than 
to  sing  in  anguish.'  '  Rather,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I 
have  heard  say  that  he  which  sings  doth  affright  and  chase 
away  his  harms.'  '  Here  it  is  quite  contrary,'  quoth  the 
slave  ;  'for  he  that  sings  once  weeps  all  his  life  after.'  '  I 
do  not  understand  it,'  said  Don  Quixote.  But  one  of  the 
guardians  said  to  him,  '  Sir  knight,  to  sing  in  anguish  is 
said,  among  this  people,  non  sancta,  to  confess  upon  the 


174  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

rack.  They  gave  this  poor  wretch  the  torture,  and  he 
confessed  his  delight  that  he  was  a  quartrezo,  that  is,  a 
stealer  of  beasts ;  and  because  he  hath  confessed,  he  is 
likewise  condemned  to  the  galleys  for  six  years,  with  an 
amen  of  two  hundred  blows,  which  he  bears  already  with 
him  on  his  shoulders.  And  he  goes  always  thus  sad  and 
pensative,  because  the  other  thieves  that  remain  behind,  and 
also  those  which  go  here,  do  abuse,  despise,  and  scorn  him 
for  confessing,  and  not  having  a  courage  to  say  Non  ;  for, 
they  say,  a  No  hath  as  many  letters  as  a  Yea,  and  that  a 
delinquent  is  very  fortunate  when  his  life  or  his  death  only 
depends  of  his  own  tongue,  and  not  of  witnesses  or  proofs: 
and,  in  mine  opinion,  they  have  very  great  reason.*  *  I 
Hkewise  think  the  same,'  quoth  Don  Quixote. 

And,  passing  to  the  third,  he  demanded  that  which  he 
had  done  of  the  rest,  who  answered  him  out  of  hand,  and 
that  pleasantly  :  *  I  go  to  the  Lady  Garrupes  for  five  years, 
because  I  wanted  ten  ducats.'  *  I  will  give  twenty  with  all 
my  heart  to  free  thee  from  that  misfortune,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  That,'  quoth  the  slave,  '  would  be  like  one  that 
hath  money  in  the  midst  of  the  gulf,  and  yet  dies  for 
hunger  because  he  can  get  no  meat  to  buy  for  it.  I  say  this, 
because  if  1  had  those  twenty  ducats  which  your  worship's 
liberality  offers  me,  in  due  season  I  would  have  so  anointed 
with  them  the  notary's  pen,  and  whetted  my  lawyer's  wit 
so  well,  that  I  might  to-day  see  myself  in  the  midst  of  the 
market  of  Cocodover  of  Toledo,  and  not  in  this  way 
trailed  thus  like  a  greyhound.  But  God  is  great ;  patience, 
and  this  is  enough.' 

Don  Quixote  went  after  to  the  fourth,  who  was  a  man 
of  venerable  presence,  with  a  long  white  beard  which 
reached  to  his  bosom  ;  who,  hearing  himself  demanded 
the  cause  why  he  came  there,  began  to  weep,  and  answered 
not  a  word.  But  the  fifth  slave  lent  him  a  tongue,  and 
said,  '  This  honest  man  goes  to  the  galleys  for  four  years, 
after  he  had  walked  the  ordinary  apparelled  in  pomp  and 
a-horseback.'  'That  is,'  quoth  Sancho  Panza,  *  as  I  take, 
after  he  was  carried  about  to  the  shame  and  public  view  of 
the   people.'      '  You    are  in  the  right,'  quoth    the  slave ; 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY   SLAVES  175 

*  and  the  crime  for  which  he  is  condemned  to  this  pain  was, 
for  being  a  broker  of  the  ear,  eye,  and  of  all  the  body  too  ; 
for  in  effect  I  mean  that  this  gentleman  goeth  for  a  bawd, 
and  likewise  for  having  a  little  smack  and  entrance  in 
witchcraft/  '  If  that  smack  and  insight  in  witchcraft  were 
not  added,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  he  merited  not  to  go 
and  row  in  the  galleys  for  being  a  pure  bawd,  but  rather 
deserved  to  govern  and  be  their  general ;  for  the  office  of 
a  bawd  is  not  like  every  other  ordinary  office,  but  rather 
of  great  discretion,  and  most  necessary  in  any  common- 
wealth well  governed,  and  should  not  be  practised  but  by 
people  well  born  ;  and  ought,  besides,  to  have  a  veedor^ 
and  examinator  of  them,  as  are  of  all  other  trades,  and  a 
certain  appointed  number  of  men  known,  as  are  of  the 
other  brokers  of  the  exchange.  And  in  this  manner  many 
harms  that  are  done  might  be  excused,  because  this  trade 
and  office  is  practised  by  indiscreet  people  of  little  under- 
standing ;  such  as  are  women  of  little  more  or  less ;  young 
pages  and  jesters  of  few  years'  standing,  and  of  less  ex- 
perience, which  in  the  most  urgent  occasions,  and  when 
they  should  contrive  a  thing  artificially,  the  crumbs  freeze 
in  their  mouths  and  fists,  and  they  know  not  which  is 
their  right  hand.  Fain  would  I  pass  forward  and  give 
reasons  why  it  is  convenient  to  make  choice  of  those  which 
ought  in  the  commonwealth  to  practise  this  so  necessary 
an  office ;  but  the  place  and  season  is  not  fit  for  it ; 
one  day  I  will  say  it  to  those  which  may  provide  and 
remedy  it  :  only  I  say  now,  that  the  assumpt  or  addi- 
tion of  a  witch  hath  deprived  me  of  the  compassion  I  should 
otherwise  have  to  see  those  grey  hairs  and  venerable  face 
in  such  distress  for  being  a  bawd  :  although  I  know  very 
well  that  no  sorcery  in  the  world  can  move  or  force  the 
will,  as  some  ignorant  persons  think  (for  our  will  is  a  free 
power,  and  there's  no  herb  or  charm  can  constrain  it)  ; 
that  which  certain  simple  women  or  cozening  companions 
make,  are  some  mixtures  and  poisons,  wherewithal  they 

^  Veedor  is  an  office  in  Spain  of  great  trust,  set  by  the  king  to  ex- 
amine and  search  the  dealing  of  other  under-officers  ;  an  overseer  or 
controller. 


176  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

cause  men  run  mad,  and  in  the  meanwhile  persuade  us  that 
they  have  force  to  make  one  love  well,  being  (as  I  have 
said)  a  thing  most  impossible  to  constrain  the  will.'  '  That 
is  true,'  quoth  the  old  man  ;  '  and  I  protest,  sir,  that  I  am 
wholly  innocent  of  the  imputation  of  witchcraft.  As  for 
being  a  bawd,  I  could  not  deny  it ;  but  yet  I  never  thought 
that  I  did  ill  therein  ;  for  all  mine  intention  was,  that  all 
the  world  should  disport  them,  and  live  together  in  con- 
cord and  quietness,  without  griefs  or  quarrels.  But  this 
my  good  desire  availed  me  but  little  to  hinder  my  going 
there,  from  whence  I  have  no  hope  ever  to  return,  my 
years  do  so  burden  me,  and  also  the  stone,  which  lets  me 
not  rest  an  instant.'  And,  saying  this,  he  turned  again  to 
his  lamentations  as  at  the  first ;  and  Sancho  took  such 
compassion  on  him,  as,  setting  his  hand  into  his  bosom,  he 
drew  out  a  couple  of  shillings  and  gave  it  him  as  an  alms. 

From  him  Don  Quixote  passed  to  another,  and  de- 
manded his  fault  ;  who  answered  with  no  less,  but  with 
much  more  pleasantness  than  the  former  :  '  I  go  here 
because  I  have  jested  somewhat  too  much  with  two  cousins- 
german  of  mine  own,  and  with  two  other  sisters,  which 
were  none  of  mine  own  ;  finally,  I  jested  so  much  with 
them  all,  that  thence  resulted  the  increase  of  my  kindred 
so  intricately,  as  there  is  no  casuist  that  can  well  resolve  it. 
All  was  proved  by  me  ;  I  wanted  favour,  I  had  no  money, 
and  was  in  danger  to  lose  my  head  ;  finally,  I  was  con- 
demned for  six  years  to  the  galleys.  I  consented  it,  as  a 
punishment  of  my  fault ;  I  am  young,  and  let  my  life  but 
hold  out  a  while  longer,  and  all  will  go  well.  And  if  you, 
sir  knight,  carry  anything  to  succour  us  poor  folk,  God 
will  reward  you  it  in  heaven,  and  we  will  have  care  here 
on  earth  to  desire  God,  in  our  daily  prayers  for  your  life 
and  health,  that  it  be  as  long  and  as  good  as  your  good 
countenance  deserves.'  He  that  said  this  went  in  the 
habit  of  a  student,  and  one  of  the  guard  told  him  that  he 
was  a  great  talker  and  a  very  good  Latinist. 

After  all  these  came  a  man  of  some  thirty  years  old,  of 
very  comely  personage,  save  only  that  when  he  looked  he 
seemed  to  thrust  the  one  eye  into  the    other.     He    was 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY   SLAVES  177 

differently  tied  from  the  rest,  for  he  carried  about  his  leg 
so  long  a  chain,  that  it  tired  all  the  rest  of  his  body  ;  and 
he  had  besides  two  iron  rings  about  his  neck,  the  one  of  the 
chain,  and  the  other  of  that  kind  which  are  called  a  '  keep- 
friend,'  or  the  '  foot  of  a  friend,'  from  whence  descended 
two  irons  unto  his  middle,  out  of  which  did  stick  two 
manacles,  wherein  his  hands  were  locked  up  with  a  great 
hanging  lock,  so  as  he  could  neither  set  his  hands  to  his 
mouth,  nor  bend  down  his  head  towards  his  hands.  Don 
Quixote  demanded  why  he  was  so  loaded  with  iron  more 
than  the  rest.  The  guard  answered,  because  he  alone 
had  committed  more  faults  than  all  together,  and  was  a 
more  desperate  knave ;  and  that,  although  they  carried  him 
tied  in  that  sort,  yet  went  they  not  sure  of  him,  but  feared 
he  would  make  an  escape.  '  What  faults  can  he  have  so 
grievous,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  since  he  hath  only  deserved 
to  be  sent  to  the  galleys  ?'  'He  goeth,'  replied  the  guard, 
*  to  them  for  ten  years,  which  is  equivalent  to  a  civil  death  : 
never  strive  to  know  more,  but  that  this  man  is  the 
notorious  Gines  of  Passamonte,  who  is  otherwise  called 
Ginesilio  of  Parapilla.'  '  Master  commissary,'  quoth  the 
slave,  hearing  him  say  so,  '  go  fair  and  softly,  and  run  not 
thus  dilating  of  names  and  surnames.  I  am  called  Gines, 
and  not  Ginesilio  ;  and  Passamonte  is  my  surname,  and 
not  Parapilla,  as  you  say ;  and  let  every  one  turn  about 
him,  and  he  shall  not  do  little.'  '  Speak  with  less  swelling,' 
quoth  the  commissary,  '  sir  thief-of-more-than-the-mark,^ 
if  you  will  not  have  me  to  make  you  hold  your  peace 
maugre  your  teeth.'  '  It  seems  well,'  quoth  the  slave, 
'  that  a  man  is  carried  as  pleaseth  God  ;  but  one  day  some- 
body shall  know  whether  I  be  called  Ginesilio  of  Parapilla.' 
'  Why,  do  not  they  call  thee  so,  cozener  ?'  quoth  the  guard. 
'  They  do,'  said  Gines  ;  '  but  I  will  make  that  they  shall 
not  call  me  so,  or  I  will  fleece  them  there  where  I  mutter 
under  my  teeth.  Sir  knight,  if  you  have  anything  to 
bestow  on  us,  give  it  us  now,  and  begone,  in  the  name  of 
God  ;  for  you  do  tire  us  with  your  too-curious  search  of 

^Mark  is  a  certain  length  appointed  in  Spain  for  swords,  which  if  any 
transgress  he  is  punished,  and  the  sword  forfeited. 

I.  M 


178  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

knowing  other  men's  lives  :  and  if  you  would  know  mine, 
you  shall  understand  that  I  am  Gines  of  Passamonte,  whose 
life  is  written'  (showing  his  hand)  *  by  these  two  fingers.' 
*  He  says  true,'  quoth  the  commissary ;  '  for  he  himself 
hath  penned  his  own  history  so  well  as  there  is  nothing 
more  to  be  desired,  and  leaves  the  book  pawned  in  the 
prison  for  two  hundred  reals.'  *And  likewise  means  to 
redeem  it,'  quoth  Gines,  '  though  it  were  in  for  as  many 
ducats.' 

*  Is  it  so  good  a  work.^^'  said  Don  Quixote.  'It  is  so 
good,'  replied  Gines,  '  that  it  quite  puts  down  Lazarillo  de 
Tormes,  and  as  many  others  as  are  written  or  shall  be 
written  of  that  kind ;  for  that  which  I  dare  affirm  to  you 
is,  that  it  treats  of  true  accidents,  and  those  so  delightful 
that  no  like  invention  can  be  compared  to  them.'  *  And 
how  is  the  book  entitled  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  It  is 
called,'  said  he,  '  T/ie  Life  of  Gines  of  Passamonte'  '  And 
is  it  yet  ended  ?'  said  the  knight.  '  How  can  it  be  finished,' 
replied  he,  '  my  life  being  not  yet  ended,  since  all  that  is 
written  is  from  the  hour  of  my  birth  until  that  instant 
that  I  was  sent  this  last  time  to  the  galleys  } '  *  Why, 
then,  belike  you  were  there  once  before  } '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  To  serve  God  and  the  king  I  have  been  in 
there  another  time  four  years,  and  I  know  already  how 
the  biscuit  and  provant  agree  with  my  stomach,'  quoth 
Gines,  '  nor  doth  it  grieve  me  very  much  to  return  unto 
them  ;  for  there  I  shall  have  leisure  to  finish  my  book, 
and  I  have  many  things  yet  to  say  ;  and  in  the  galleys  of 
Spain  there  is  more  resting-time  than  is  requisite  for 
that  business,  although  I  shall  not  need  much  time  to  pen 
what  is  yet  unwritten  ;  for  I  can,  if  need  were,  say  it  all 
by  rote.'  '  Thou  seemest  to  be  ingenious,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  And  unfortunate  withal,'  quoth  Gines  ;  *  for 
mishaps  do  still  persecute  the  best  wits.'  '  They  persecute 
knaves,'  quoth  the  commissary.  '  I  have  already  spoken 
to  master  commissary,'  quoth  Passamonte,  '  to  go  fair  and 
softly  ;  for  the  lords  did  not  give  you  that  rod  to  the  end 
you  should  abuse  us  wretches  that  go  here,  but  rather  to 
guide  and  carry  us  where  his  majesty  hath  commanded ;  if 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY   SLAVES  179 

not,  by  the  life  of —  'Tis  enough  that  perhaps  one  day 
may  come  to  light  the  sports  that  were  made  in  the  inn  ; 
and  let  all  the  world  peace  and  live  well,  and  speak 
better  ;  for  this  is  now  too  great  a  digression/  The 
commissary  held  up  his  rod  to  strike  Passamonte  in 
answer  of  his  threats  ;  but  Don  Quixote  put  himself 
between  them,  and  entreated  him  not  to  use  him  hardly, 
seeing  it  was  not  much  that  one  who  carried  his  hands  so 
tied  should  have  his  tongue  somewhat  free  ;  and  then, 
turning  himself  towards  the  slaves,  he  said  : 

*  I  have  gathered  out  of  all  that  which  you  have  said, 
dear  brethren,  that  although  they  punish  you  for  your 
faults,  yet  that  the  pains  you  go  to  suffer  do  not  very 
well  please  you,  and  that  you  march  toward  them  with 
a  very  ill  will,  and  wholly  constrained,  and  that  perhaps 
the  little  courage  this  fellow  had  on  the  rack,  the  want 
of  money  that  the  other  had,  the  small  favour  that  a 
third  enjoyed,  and  finally,  the  wretched  sentence  of  the 
judge,  and  the  not  executing  that  justice  that  was  on 
your  sides,  have  been  cause  of  your  misery.  All  which 
doth  present  itself  to  my  memory  in  such  sort,  as  it 
persuadeth,  yea,  and  enforceth  me,  to  effect  that  for  you 
for  which  Heaven  sent  me  into  the  world,  and  made  me 
profess  that  order  of  knighthood  which  I  follow,  and  that 
vow  which  I  made  therein  to  favour  and  assist  the  needful, 
and  those  that  are  oppressed  by  others  more  potent.  But, 
forasmuch  as  I  know  that  it  is  one  of  the  parts  of  prudence 
not  to  do  that  by  foul  means  which  may  be  accomplished 
by  fair,  I  will  entreat  those  gentlemen,  your  guardians  and 
commissary,  they  will  please  to  loose  and  let  you  depart 
peaceably ;  for  there  will  not  want  others  to  serve  the  king 
in  better  occasions  ;  for  it  seems  to  me  a  rigorous  manner 
of  proceeding  to  make  slaves  of  them  whom  God  and 
nature  created  free.  How  much  more,  good  sirs  of  the 
guard,'  added  Don  Quixote,  '  seeing  these  poor  men  have 
never  committed  any  offence  against  you  ?  Let  them 
answer  for  their  sins  in  the  other  world  :  there  is  a  God  in 
heaven  who  is  not  negligent  in  punishing  the  evil  nor 
rewarding  the  good  ;  and  it  is  no  wise  decent  that  honour- 


i8o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

able  men  should  be  the  executioners  of  other  men,  seeing 
they  cannot  gain  or  lose  much  thereby.  I  demand  this  of 
you  in  this  peaceable,  quiet  manner,  to  the  end  that,  if  you 
accomplish  my  request,  I  may  have  occasion  to  yield  you 
thanks  ;  and  if  you  will  not  do  it  willingly,  then  shall  this 
lance  and  this  sword,  guided  by  the  invincible  valour  of 
mine  arm,  force  you  to  it/ 

'  This  is  a  pleasant  doting,'  answered  the  commissary, 
'  and  an  excellent  jest  wherewithal  you  have  finished 
your  large  reasoning.  Would  you,  good  sir  knight,  have 
us  leave  unto  you  those  the  king  forceth,  as  if  we  had 
authority  to  let  them  go,  or  you  to  command  us  to  do  it  ? 
Go  on  your  way  in  a  good  hour,  gentle  sir,  and  settle  the 
basin  you  bear  on  your  head  somewhat  righter,  and  search 
not  thus  whether  the  cat  hath  three  feet.'  *  Thou  art  a 
cat,  and  a  rat,  and  a  knave  !  '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  And 
so,  with  word  and  deed  at  once,  he  assaulted  him  so 
suddenly  as,  without  giving  him  leisure  to  defend  himself, 
he  struck  him  down  to  the  earth  very  sore  wounded  with 
a  blow  of  his  lance  ;  and  as  fortune  would,  this  was  he  that 
had  the  firelock  piece.  The  rest  of  the  guard  remained 
astonished  at  the  unexpected  accident  ;  but  at  last  return- 
ing to  themselves,  the  horsemen  set  hand  to  their  swords, 
and  the  footmen  to  their  darts,  and  all  of  them  set  upon 
Don  Quixote,  who  expected  them  very  quietly.  And 
doubtlessly  he  would  have  been  in  danger,  if  the 
slaves  perceiving  the  occasion  offered  to  be  so  fit  to 
recover  liberty,  had  not  procured  it  by  breaking  the  chain 
wherein  they  were  linked.  The  hurly-burly  was  such  as 
the  guards  now  began  to  run  to  hinder  the  slaves  from 
untieing  themselves,  now  to  offend  Don  Quixote  who 
assaulted  them  ;  so  that  they  could  do  nothing  available 
to  keep  their  prisoners.  Sancho,  for  his  part,  helped  to 
loose  Gines  of  Passamonte,  who  was  the  first  that  leaped 
free  into  the  field  without  clog,  and  setting  upon  the  over- 
thrown commissary,  he  disarmed  him  of  his  sword  and 
piece,  and  now  aiming  at  the  one  and  then  at  the  other 
with  it,  without  discharging,  made  all  the  guards  to 
abandon  the  field,  as  well  for  fear  of  Passamonte's  piece 


Chap.  VIII  THE   GALLEY  SLAVES  i8i 

as  also  to  shun  the  marvellous  shower  of  stones  that  the 
slaves,  now  delivered,  poured  on  them.  Sancho  grew 
marvellous  sad  at  this  success  ;  for  he  suspected  that 
those  which  fled  away  would  go  and  give  notice  of  the 
violence  committed  to  the  Holy  Brotherhood,  which  would 
presently  issue  in  troops  to  search  the  delinquents  ;  and 
said  as  much  to  his  lord,  requesting  him  to  depart  presently 
from  thence,  and  embosk  himself  in  the  mountain,  which 
was  very  near.  '  All  is  well,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  I 
know  now  what  is  fit  to  be  done.'  And  so,  calling  to- 
gether all  the  slaves  that  were  in  a  tumult,  and  had  stripped 
the  commissary  naked,  they  came  all  about  him  to  hear 
what  he  commanded  ;  to  whom  he  said  : 

^  It  is  the  part  of  people  well  born  to  gratify  and  acknow- 
ledge the  benefits  they  receive,  ingratitude  being  one  of 
the  sins  that  most  offendeth  the  Highest.  I  say  it,  sirs, 
to  this  end,  because  you  have,  by  manifest  trial,  seen  that 
which  you  have  received  at  my  hand,  in  reward  whereof  I 
desire,  and  it  is  my  will,  that  all  of  you,  loaden  with  that 
chain  from  which  I  even  now  freed  your  necks,  go  pre- 
sently to  the  city  of  Toboso,  and  there  present  yourselves 
before  the  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  and  recount  unto  her 
that  her  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face  sends  you  there 
to  remember  his  service  to  her  ;  and  relate  unto  her  at 
large  the  manner  of  your  freedom,  all  you  that  have  had 
such  noble  fortune  ;  and  this  being  done,  you  may  after 
go  where  you  please.' 

Gines  de  Passamonte  answered  for  all  the  rest,  saying, 
'  That  which  you  demand,  good  sir,  our  releaser,  is  most 
impossible  to  be  performed,  by  reason  that  we  cannot  go 
all  together  through  these  ways,  but  alone  and  divided, 
procuring  each  of  us  to  hide  himself  in  the  bowels  of  the 
earth,  to  the  end  we  may  not  be  found  by  the  Holy  Brother- 
hood, which  will  doubtlessly  set  out  to  search  for  us. 
That,  therefore,  which  you  may  and  ought  to  do  in  this 
exigent  is,  to  change  this  service  and  homage  of  the  Lady 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso  into  a  certain  number  of  ave-maries 
and  creeds,  which  we  will  say  for  your  intention ;  and  this 
is  a  thing  that  may  be  accomplished  by  night  or  by  day. 


1 82  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

running  or  resting,  in  peace  or  in  war ;  but  to  think  that 
we  will  return  again  to  take  up  our  chains,  or  set  ourselves 
in  the  way  of  Toboso,  is  as  hard  as  to  make  us  believe  that 
it  is  now  night,  it  being  yet  scarce  ten  of  the  clock  in  the 
morning ;  and  to  demand  such  a  thing  of  us  is  as  likely 
as  to  seek  for  pears  of  the  elm-tree/  '  I  swear  by  such  a 
one,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  thoroughly  enraged,  '  sir  son  of 
a  whore,  Don  Ginesilio  of  Parapilla,  or  howsoever  you  are 
called,  that  thou  shalt  go  thyself  alone,  with  thy  tail 
between  thy  legs,  and  bear  all  the  chain  in  thy  neck.' 
Passamonte,  who  was  by  nature  very  choleric,  knowing 
assuredly  that  Don  Quixote  was  not  very  wise  (seeing  he 
had  attempted  such  a  desperate  act  as  to  seek  to  give  them 
liberty),  seeing  himself  thus  abused,  winked  on  his  com- 
panions, and,  going  a  little  aside,  they  sent  such  a  shower 
of  stones  on  Don  Quixote,  as  he  had  no  leisure  to  cover 
himself  with  his  buckler ;  and  poor  Rozinante  made  no 
more  account  of  the  spur  than  if  his  sides  were  made  of 
brass.  Sancho  ran  behind  his  ass,  and  by  his  means 
sheltered  himself  from  the  cloud  and  shower  of  stones  that 
rained  upon  both.  And  Don  Quixote  could  not  cover 
himself  so  well,  but  that  a  number  of  stones  struck  him 
in  the  body  with  so  great  force  as  they  overthrew  him  at 
last  to  the  ground  ;  and  scarce  was  he  fallen  when  the 
student  leapt  upon  him  and  took  the  basin  off  his  head, 
and  gave  him  three  or  four  blows  with  it  on  the  shoulders, 
and  after  struck  it  so  oft  about  the  ground  as  he  almost 
broke  it  in  pieces.  They  took  from  him  likewise  a  cassock 
which  he  wore  upon  his  armour,  and  thought  also  to  take 
away  his  stockings,  but  that  they  were  hindered  by  his 
greaves.  From  Sancho  they  took  away  his  cassock,  and 
left  him  in  his  hair ;  and,  dividing  all  the  spoils  of  the 
battle  among  themselves,  they  departed  every  one  by  the 
way  he  pleased,  troubled  with  greater  care  how  to  escape 
from  the  Holy  Brotherhood  which  they  feared,  than  to  load 
themselves  with  the  iron  chain,  and  go  and  present  them- 
selves before  the  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso.  The  ass  and 
Rozinante,  Sancho  and  Don  Quixote,  remained  alone :  the 
ass    stood    pensive,    with    his    head    hanging    downwards. 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF   SIERRA   MORENA         183 

shaking  now  and  then  his  ears,  thinking  that  the  storm 
of  stones  was  not  yet  past,  but  that  they  still  buzzed  by 
his  head ;  Rozinante  lay  overthrown  by  his  master,  who 
was  likewise  struck  down  by  another  blow  of  a  stone ; 
Sancho,  in  fear  of  the  bullets  of  the  Holy  Brotherhood  ; 
and  Don  Quixote,  most  discontent  to  see  himself  so  mis- 
used by  those  very  same  to  whom  he  had  done  so  much 
good. 


CHAPTER  IX 

Of  that  which  befel  the  famous  Don  Quixote  in  Sierra  Morena 
which  was  one  of  the  most  Rare  Adventures  that  in  this 
or  any  other  so  authentic  a  History  is  recounted. 

Don  Quixote,  seeing  himself  in  so  ill  plight,  said  to  his 
squire,  *  Sancho,  I  have  heard  say  ofttimes,  that  to  do 
good  to  men  unthankful  is  to  cast  water  into  the  sea.  If 
I  had  believed  what  thou  saidst  to  me,  I  might  well  have 
prevented  all  this  grief;  but  now  that  is  past,  patience,  and 
be  wiser  another  time.*  'You  will  take  warning  as  much 
by  this,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  as  I  am  a  Turk.  But  since  you 
say  that  if  you  had  believed  me  you  had  avoided  this 
grief,  believe  me  now,  and  you  shall  eschew  a  greater ; 
for  you  must  wit  that  no  knighthood  nor  chivalry  is  of  any 
authority  with  the  Holy  Brotherhood ;  for  it  cares  not  two 
farthings  for  all  the  knights-errant  in  the  world;  and  know 
that,  methinks,  I  hear  their  arrows  buzz  about  mine  ears 
already.'  '  Sancho,  thou  art  a  natural  coward,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote ;  but,  because  thou  mayst  not  say  that  I  am 
obstinate,  and  that  I  never  follow  thine  advice,  I  will  take 
thy  counsel  this  time,  and  convey  myself  from  that  fury 
which  now  thou  fearest  so  much  :  but  it  shall  be  on  a 
condition — that  thou  never  tell,  alive  nor  dying,  to  any 
mortal  creature,  that  I  retired  or  withdrew  myself  out  of 
this  danger  for  fear,  but  only  to  satisfy  thy  requests;  for  if 
thou  sayst  any  other  thing  thou  shalt  belie  me  most  falsely. 


i84  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

and  even  from  this  very  time  till  that,  and  from  thence 
until  now,  I  give  thee  the  lie  herein ;  and  I  say  thou  liest, 
and  shalt  lie,  as  ofttimes  as  thou  sayst  or  dost  think  the 
contrary.  And  do  not  reply  to  me,  for  in  only  thinking 
that  I  withdraw  myself  out  of  any  peril,  but  principally 
this,  which  seems  to  carry  with  it  some  shadow  of  fear ;  I 
am  about  to  remain  and  expect  here  alone,  not  only  for 
the  Holy  Brotherhood,  which  thou  namest  and  fearest,  but 
also  for  the  brethren  of  the  Twelve  Tribes,  for  the  seven 
Maccabees,  for  Castor  and  Pollux,  and  for  all  the  other 
brothers  and  brotherhoods  in  the  world.'  '  Sir,'  answered 
Sancho,  *  to  retire  is  not  to  fly,  and  to  expect  is  wisdom, 
when  the  danger  exceedeth  all  hope ;  and  it  is  the  part  of 
a  wise  man  to  keep  himself  safe  to-day  for  to-morrow, 
and  not  to  adventure  himself  wholly  in  one  day.  And 
know  that,  although  I  be  but  a  rude  clown,  yet  do  I,  for 
all  that,  understand  somewhat  of  that  which  men  call  good 
government ;  and  therefore  do  not  repent  yourself  for 
following  mine  advice,  but  mount  on  Rozinante  if  you  be 
able,  if  not  I  will  help  you,  and  come  after  me ;  for  my 
mind  gives  me  that  we  shall  now  have  more  use  of  legs 
than  hands.' 

Don  Quixote  leaped  on  his  horse  without  replying  a 
word,  and  Sancho  guiding  him  on  his  ass,  they  both 
entered  into  that  part  of  Sierra  Morena^  that  was  near 
unto  them.  Sancho  had  a  secret  design  to  cross  over  it 
all,  and  issue  at  Viso  or  Almodovar  del  Campo,  and  in 
the  meantime  to  hide  themselves  for  some  days  among 
those  craggy  and  intricate  rocks,  to  the  end  they  might 
not  be  found  by  the  Holy  Brotherhood,  if  it  did  make 
after  them.  And  he  was  the  more  encouraged  to  do  this, 
because  he  saw  their  provision,  which  he  carried  on  his 
ass,  had  escaped  safely  out  of  the  skirmish  of  the  galley- 
slaves  ;  a  thing  which  he  accounted  to  be  a  miracle,  con- 
sidering the  diligence  that  the  slaves  had  used  to  search 
and  carry  away  all  things  with  them.  They  arrived  that 
night  into  the  very  midst  and  bowels  of  the  mountain,  and 
there  Sancho  thought  it  fittest  to  spend  that  night,  yea, 

^  A  great  and  large  mountain  of  Spain. 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF  SIERRA   MORENA         185 

and  some  other  few  days  also,  at  least  as  long  as  their 
victuals  endured  ;  and  with  this  resolution  they  took  up 
their  lodging  among  a  number  of  cork-trees  that  grew 
between  two  rocks.  But  fatal  chance,  which,  according  to 
the  opinion  of  those  that  have  not  the  light  of  faith, 
guideth,  directeth,  and  compoundeth  all  as  it  liketh, 
ordained  that  that  famous  cozener  and  thief,  Gines  de 
Passamonte,  who  was  before  delivered  out  of  chains  by 
Don  Quixote's  force  and  folly,  persuaded  through  fear  he 
conceived  of  the  Holy  Brotherhood  (whom  he  had  just 
cause  to  fear),  resolved  to  hide  himself  likewise  in  that 
mountain ;  and  his  fortune  and  fears  led  him  just  to  the 
place  where  it  had  first  addressed  Don  Quixote  and  his 
squire,  just  at  such  time  as  he  might  perceive  them,  and 
they  both  at  that  instant  fallen  asleep.  And  as  evil  men 
are  evermore  ungrateful,  and  that  necessity  forceth  a  man 
to  attempt  that  which  it  urgeth,  and  likewise  that  the 
present  redress  prevents  the  expectation  of  a  future,  Gines, 
who  was  neither  grateful  nor  gracious,  resolved  to  steal 
away  Sancho  his  ass,  making  no  account  of  Rozinante, 
as  a  thing  neither  saleable  nor  pawnable.  Sancho  slept 
soundly,  and  so  he  stole  his  beast,  and  was  before  morning 
so  far  off  from  thence,  as  he  feared  not  to  be  found. 

Aurora  sallied  forth  at  last  to  refresh  the  earth,  and 
affright  Sancho  with  a  most  sorrowful  accident,  for  he 
presently  missed  his  ass ;  and  so,  seeing  himself  deprived 
of  him,  he  began  the  most  sad  and  doleful  lamentation  of 
the  world,  in  such  sort  as  he  awaked  Don  Quixote  with 
his  outcries,  who  heard  that  he  said  thus :  *  O  child  of  my 
bowels,  born  in  mine  own  house,  the  sport  of  my  children, 
the  comfort  of  my  wife,  and  the  envy  of  my  neighbours, 
the  ease  of  my  burdens,  and  finally,  the  sustainer  of  half 
of  my  person  !  for,  with  six-and-twenty  marvedis  that  I 
gained  daily  by  thee,  I  did  defray  half  of  mine  expenses  ! ' 
Don  Quixote,  who  heard  the  plaint,  and  knew  also  the 
cause,  did  comfort  Sancho  with  the  best  words  he  could 
devise,  and  desired  him  to  have  patience,  promising  to  give  a 
letter  of  exchange,  to  the  end  that  they  of  his  house  might 
deliver  him  three  asses  of  five  which  he  had  left  at  home. 


1 86  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Sancho  comforted  himself  again  with  this  promise,  and 
dried  up  his  tears,  moderated  his  sighs,  and  gave  his  lord 
thanks  for  so  great  a  favour ;  and  as  they  entered  in 
farther  among  those  mountains  we  cannot  recount  the  joy 
of  our  knight,  to  whom  those  places  seemed  most  accom- 
modate to  achieve  the  adventures  he  searched  for.  They 
reduced  to  his  memory  the  marvellous  accidents  that  had 
befallen  knights-errant  in  like  solitudes  and  deserts,  and 
he  rode  so  overwhelmed  and  transported  by  these  thoughts 
as  he  remembered  nothing  else  :  nor  Sancho  had  any  other 
care  (after  he  was  out  of  fear  to  be  taken)  but  how  to  fill 
his  belly  with  some  of  the  relics  which  yet  remained  of  the 
clerical  spoils ;  and  so  he  followed  his  lord,  taking  now 
and  then  out  of  a  basket  (which  Rozinante  carried  for 
want  of  the  ass)  some  meat,  lining  therewithal  his  paunch ; 
and,  whilst  he  went  thus  employed,  he  would  not  have 
given  a  mite  to  encounter  any  other  adventure,  how 
honourable  soever. 

But  whilst  he  was  thus  busied,  he  espied  his  master 
labouring  to  take  up  with  the  point  of  his  javehn  some 
bulk  or  other  that  lay  on  the  ground,  and  went  towards 
him  to  see  whether  he  needed  his  help,  just  at  the  season 
that  he  lifted  up  a  saddle-cushion  and  a  portmanteau  fast 
to  it,  which  were  half  rotten,  or  rather  wholly  rotted,  by 
the  weather ;  yet  they  weighed  so  much  that  Sancho's 
assistance  was  requisite  to  take  them  up :  and  straight  his 
lord  commanded  him  to  see  what  was  in  the  wallet. 
Sancho  obeyed  with  expedition,  and  although  it  was  shut 
with  a  chain  and  hanging  lock,  yet  by  the  parts  which 
were  torn  he  saw  what  was  within,  to  wit,  four  fine  holland 
shirts,  and  other  linens  both  curious  and  clean,  and  more- 
over, a  handkerchief,  wherein  was  a  good  quantity  of 
gold ;  which  he  perceiving,  said,  '  Blessed  be  Heaven, 
which  hath  once  presented  to  us  a  beneficial  adventure  !  ' 
And,  searching  for  more,  he  found  a  tablet  very  costly 
bound.  This  Don  Quixote  took  of  him,  commanding 
him  to  keep  the  gold  with  himself;  for  which  rich  favour 
Sancho  did  presently  kiss  his  hands ;  and,  after  taking  all 
the  linen,  he  clapped  it  up  in  the  bag  of  their  victuals. 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF   SIERRA   MORENA         187 

Don  Quixote  having  noted  all  these  things,  said,  '  Me- 
thinks,  Sancho  (and  it  cannot  be  possible  any  other),  that 
some  traveller  having  left  his  way,  passed  through  this 
mountain,  and  being  encountered  by  thieves,  they  slew  him, 
and  buried  him  in  this  secret  place.'  4t  cannot  be  so,' 
answered  Sancho ;  '  for,  if  they  were  thieves,  they  would 
not  have  left  this  money  behind  them.'  '  Thou  sayst 
true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  and  therefore  I  cannot  con- 
jecture what  it  might  be :  but  stay  a  while,  we  will  see 
whether  there  be  anything  written  in  these  tablets  by  which 
we  may  vent  and  find  out  that  which  I  desire.'  Then  he 
opened  it,  and  the  first  thing  that  he  found  written  in  it, 
as  it  were  a  first  draft,  but  done  with  a  very  fair  character, 
was  a  sonnet,  which  he  read  aloud,  that  Sancho  might  also 
hear  it,  and  was  this  which  ensues  : 

'  Or  Love  of  understanding  quite  is  void ; 
Or  he  abounds  in  cruelty,  or  my  pain 
The  occasion  equals  not ;  for  which  I  bide 
The  torments  dire  he  maketh  me  sustain. 

But  if  Love  be  a  god,  I  dare  maintain 
He  nought  ignores ;  and  reason  aye  decides 

Gods  should  not  cruel  be  :  then  who  ordains 
This  pain  I  worship,  which  my  heart  divides  ? 

Filis  !   I  err,  if  thou  I  say  it  is ; 

For  so  great  ill  and  good  cannot  consist. 
Nor  doth  this  wrack  from  Heaven  befall,  but  yet, 

That  shortly  I  must  die  can  no  way  miss : 
For  the  evil  whose  cause  is  hardly  well  exprest, 

By  miracle  alone  true  cure  may  get.' 

*  Nothing  can  be  learned  by  that  verse,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  if  by  that  kilo,  or  thread,^  which  is  said  there,  you  gather 
not  where  lies  the  rest  of  the  clue.'  '  What  hilo  is  here  ?' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Methought,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that 
you  read  hi/o  there.'  '  I  did  not,  but  Fili,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  '  which  is,  without  doubt,  the  name  of  the  lady 
on  whom  the  author  of  this  sonnet  complains,  who  in  good 
truth  seems  to  be  a  reasonable  good  poet,  or  else  I  know 
but  little  of  that  art.' 

1  An  allusion  to  the  Spanish  word  M,  signifying  a  thread, 


1 88  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

'  Why,  then/  quoth  Sancho,  '  belike  you  do  also  under- 
stand poetry  ? '  '  That  I  do,  and  more  than  thou  thinkest,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  as  thou  shalt  see  when  thou  shalt 
carry  a  letter  from  me  to  my  Lady  Dulcinea  del  Toboso, 
written  in  verse  from  the  one  end  to  the  other  ;  for  I 
would  thou  shouldst  know,  Sancho,  that  all,  or  the  greater 
number  of  knights-errant,  in  times  past,  were  great  versi- 
fiers and  musicians ;  for  these  two  qualities,  or  graces,  as  I 
may  better  term  them,  are  annexed  to  amorous  knights- 
adventurers.  True  it  is  that  the  verses  of  the  ancient 
knights  are  not  so  adorned  with  words  as  they  are  rich  in 
conceits.* 

'  I  pray  you,  read  more,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  for  perhaps 
you  may  find  somewhat  that  may  satisfy.'  Then  Don 
Quixote  turned  the  leaf,  and  said,  *  This  is  prose,  and  seems 
to  be  a  letter.'  '  What,  sir,  a  missive  letter  ? '  quoth 
Sancho.  '  No ;  but  rather  of  love,  according  to  the 
beginning,'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  I  pray  you,  therefore,' 
quoth  Sancho,  ^  read  it  loud  enough  ;  for  I  take  great 
delight  in  these  things  of  love.'  *  I  am  content,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  and,  reading  it  loudly,  as  Sancho  had 
requested,  it  said  as  ensueth : 

'  Thy  false  promise,  and  my  certain  misfortune,  do  carry 
me  to  such  a  place,  as  from  thence  thou  shalt  sooner 
receive  news  of  my  death  than  reasons  of  my  just  com- 
plaints. Thou  hast  disdained  me,  O  ingrate !  for  one  that 
hath  more,  but  not  for  one  that  is  worth  more  than  I  am ; 
but  if  virtue  were  a  treasure  of  estimation,  I  would  not 
emulate  other  men's  fortunes,  nor  weep  thus  for  mine  own 
misfortunes.  That  which  thy  beauty  erected,  thy  works 
have  overthrown  ;  by  it  I  deemed  thee  to  be  an  angel,  and 
by  these  I  certainly  know  thee  to  be  but  a  woman.  Rest 
in  peace,  O  causer  of  my  war  !  and  let  Heaven  work  so 
that  thy  spouse's  deceits  remain  still  concealed,  to  the  end 
thou  mayst  not  repent  what  thou  didst,  and  I  be  con- 
strained to  take  revenge  of  that  I  desire  not.' 

Having  read  the  letter,  Don  Quixote  said  :  *  We  can 
collect  less  by  this  than  by  the  verses  what  the  author  is, 
other  than   that  he  is   some   disdained  lover.'     And  so. 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF   SIERRA   MORENA         189 

passing  over  all  the  book,  he  found  other  verses  and 
letters,  of  which  he  could  read  some,  others  not  at  all ; 
but  the  sum  of  them  all  were  accusations,  plaints^  and 
mistrusts,  pleasures,  griefs,  favours,  and  disdains,  some 
solemnised,  others  deplored.  And  whilst  Don  Quixote 
passed  over  the  book,  Sancho  passed  over  the  malet,  with- 
out leaving  a  corner  of  it  or  the  cushion  unsearclied,  or  a 
seam  unripped,  nor  a  lock  of  wool  uncarded,  to  the  end 
that  nothing  might  remain  behind  for  want  of  diligence, 
or  carelessness— the  found  gold,  which  passed  a  hundred 
crowns,  had  stirred  in  him  such  a  greediness  to  have  more. 
And  though  he  got  no  more  than  that  which  he  found  at 
the  first,  yet  did  he  account  his  flights  in  the  coverlet,  his 
vomiting  of  the  drench,  the  benedictions  of  the  pack-staves, 
the  blows  of  the  carrier,  the  loss  of  his  wallet,  the  robbing 
of  his  cassock,  and  all  the  hunger,  thirst,  and  weariness  that 
he  had  passed  in  the  service  of  his  good  lord  and  master, 
for  well  employed ;  accounting  himself  to  be  more  than 
well  paid  by  the  gifts  received  of  the  money  they  found. 
The  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face  was  the  while  possessed 
with  a  marvellous  desire  to  know  who  was  the  owner  of 
the  malet,  conjecturing,  by  the  sonnet  and  letter,  the  gold 
and  linen,  that  the  enamoured  was  some  man  of  worth, 
whom  the  disdain  and  rigour  of  his  lady  had  conducted  to 
some  desperate  terms.  But  by  reason  that  nobody  appeared 
through  that  inhabitable  and  desert  place  by  whom  he 
might  be  informed,  he  thought  on  it  no  more,  but  only 
rode  on,  without  choosing  any  other  way  than  that  which 
pleased  Rozinante  to  travel  (who  took  the  plainest  and 
easiest  to  pass  through),  having  still  an  imagination  that  there 
could  not  want  some  strange  adventure  amidst  that  forest. 
And  as  he  rode  on  with  this  conceit,  he  saw  a  man  on 
the  top  of  a  little  mountain  that  stood  just  before  his  face, 
leap  from  rock  to  rock  and  tuff  to  tuff  with  wonderful 
dexterity  ;  and,  as  he  thought,  he  was  naked ;  had  a  black 
and  thick  beard,  the  hairs  many  and  confusedly  mingled ; 
his  feet  and  legs  bare ;  his  thighs  were  covered  with  a  pair 
of  hose,  which  seemed  to  be  of  murrey  velvet,  but  were  so 
torn  that  they  discovered  his  flesh   in  many  places  ;    his 


iQo  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

head  was  likewise  bare  :  and  although  he  passed  by  with 
the  haste  we  have  recounted,  yet  did  the  Knight  of  the 
Ill-favoured  Face  note  all  these  particulars ;  and  although 
he  endeavoured,  yet  could  not  he  follow  him  ;  for  it  was 
not  in  Rozinante's  power,  in  that  weak  state  wherein  he 
was,  to  travel  so  swiftly  among  those  rocks,  chiefly  being 
naturally  very  slow  and  phlegmatic. 

Don  Quixote,  after  espying  him,  did  instantly  imagine 
him  to  be  the  owner  of  the  cushion  and  malet,  and  there- 
fore resolved  to  go  on  in  his  search,  although  he  should 
spend  a  whole  year  therein  among  those  mountains  ;  and 
commanded  Sancho  to  go  about  the  one  side  of  the 
mountain,  and  he  would  go  the  other.  *  And,'  quoth  he, 
*  it  may  befall  that,  by  using  this  diligence,  we  may 
encounter  with  that  man  which  vanished  so  suddenly 
out  of  our  sight.' 

*  I  cannot  do  so,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  *  for  that,  in  parting 
one  step  from  you,  fear  presently  so  assaults  me  with  a 
thousand  visions  and  affrightments  ;  and  let  this  serve  you 
hereafter  for  a  warning,  to  the  end  you  may  not  hence- 
forth part  me  the  black  of  a  nail  from  your  presence.' 
'  It  shall  be  so,'  answered  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured 
Face  ;  '  and  I  am  very  glad  that  thou  dost  thus  build  upon 
my  valour,  the  which  shall  never  fail  thee,  although  thou 
didst  want  thy  very  soul  :  and,  therefore,  follow  me  by 
little  and  little,  or  as  thou  mayst,  and  make  of  thine  eyes 
two  lanterns  ;  for  we  will  give  a  turn  about  this  little 
rock,  and  perhaps  we  may  meet  with  this  man  whom  we 
saw  even  now,  who  doubtlessly  can  be  none  other  than  the 
owner  of  our  booty.' 

To  which  Sancho  replied  :  *  It  were  much  better  not  to 
find  him  ;  for  if  we  should  meet  him,  and  he  were  by 
chance  the  owner  of  this  money,  it  is  most  evident  that  I 
must  restore  it  to  him  ;  and  therefore  it  is  better,  without 
using  this  unprofitable  diligence,  to  let  me  possess  it  bona 
fide^  until  the  true  lord  shall  appear,  by  some  way  less 
curious  and  diligent ;  which,  perhaps  may  fall  at  such  a 
time  as  it  shall  be  all  spent  ;  and  in  that  case  I  am  free 
from  all  processes  by  privilege  of  the  king.' 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF  SIERRA   MORENA         191 

'  Thou  deceivest  thyself,  Sancho,  therein/  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  for,  seeing  we  are  fallen  already  into  suspicion 
of  the  owner,  we  are  bound  to  search  and  restore  it  to  him  ; 
and  when  we  would  not  seek  him  out,  yet  the  vehement 
presumption  that  we  have  of  it  hath  made  us  possessors 
mala  fide^  and  renders  us  as  culpable  as  if  he  whom  we 
surmise  were  verily  the  true  lord.  So  that,  friend  Sancho, 
be  not  grieved  to  seek  him,  in  respect  of  the  grief  whereof 
thou  shalt  free  me  if  he  be  found.'  And,  saying  so, 
spurred  Rozinante  ;  and  Sancho  followed  after  afoot, 
animated  by  the  hope  of  the  young  asses  his  master  had 
promised  unto  him.  And  having  compassed  a  part  of  the 
mountain,  they  found  a  little  stream,  wherein  lay  dead, 
and  half  devoured  by  dogs  and  crows,  a  mule  saddled  and 
bridled,  all  which  confirmed  more  in  them  the  suspicion 
that  he  which  fled  away  was  owner  of  the  mule  and 
cushion.  And  as  they  looked  on  it,  they  heard  a  whistle 
much  like  unto  that  which  shepherds  use  as  they  keep  their 
flocks  ;  and  presently  appeared  at  their  left  hand  a  great 
number  of  goats,  after  whom  the  goatherd  that  kept  them, 
who  was  an  aged  man,  followed  on  the  top  of  the 
mountain.  And  Don  Quixote  cried  to  him,  requesting  him 
to  come  down  to  them ;  who  answered  them  again  as 
loudly,  demanding  of  them  who  had  brought  them  to 
those  deserts,  rarely  trodden  by  any  other  than  goats, 
wolves,  or  other  savage  beasts  which  frequented  those 
mountains.  Sancho  answered  him,  that  if  he  would  de- 
scend where  they  were,  they  would  give  him  account 
thereof. 

With  that  the  shepherd  came  down,  and,  arriving 
to  the  place  where  Don  Quixote  was,  he  said  :  '  I  dare 
wager  that  you  look  on  the  hired  mule  which  lies  dead 
there  in  that  bottom  ;  well,  in  good  faith,  he  hath  lain  in 
that  very  place  these  six  months.  Say,  I  pray  you,  have 
not  you  met  in  the  way  with  the  master  thereof .^^^  'We 
have  encountered  nobody  but  a  cushion  and  a  little  malet, 
which  we  found  not  very  far  ofl^  from  hence.'  'I  did  like- 
wise find  the  same,'  replied  the  goatherd,  'but  I  would 
never  take  it  up  nor  approach  to  it,  fearful  of  some  mis- 


192  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

demeanour,  or  that  I  should  be  hereafter  demanded  for  it 
as  for  a  stealth ;  for  the  devil  is  crafty,  and  now  and  then 
something  ariseth,  even  from  under  a  man's  feet,  whereat 
he  stumbles  and  falls,  without  knowing  how  or  how  not/ 
r  'That  is  the  very  same  I  say,'  quoth  Sancho ;  'for  I 
likewise  found  it,  but  would  not  approach  it  the  cast  of  a 
stone.  There  I  have  left  it,  and  there  it  remains  as  it  was  ; 
for  I  would  not  have  a  dog  with  a  bell.'  'Tell  me,  good 
fellow,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'dost  thou  know  who  is  the 
owner  of  all  these  things  } ' 

'  That  which  I  can  say,'  answered  the  goatherd,  'is  that, 
about  some  six  months  past,  little  more  or  less,  there  arrived 
at  a  certain  sheepfold,  some  three  leagues  off,  a  young 
gentleman  of  comely  personage  and  presence,  mounted  on 
that  very  mule  which  lies  dead  there,  and  with  the  same 
cushion  and  malet  which  you  say  you  met  but  touched 
not.  He  demanded  of  us  which  was  the  most  hidden  and 
inaccessible  part  of  the  mountain.  And  we  told  him  that 
this  wherein  we  are  now :  and  it  is  true ;  for  if  you  did 
enter  but  half  a  league  farther,  perhaps  you  would  not  find 
the  way  out  again  so  readily ;  and  I  do  greatly  marvel 
how  you  could  find  the  way  hither  itself,  for  there  is 
neither  highway  nor  path  that  may  address  any  to  this 
place.  I  say,  then,  that  the  young  man,  as  soon  as  he 
heard  our  answer,  he  turned  the  bridle,  and  travelled  to- 
wards the  place  we  showed  to  him,  leaving  us  all  with  very 
great  liking  of  his  comeliness,  and  marvelled  at  his  demand 
and  speed,  wherewith  he  departed  and  made  towards  the 
mountain ;  and  after  that  time  we  did  not  see  him  a  good 
many  of  days,  until  by  chance  one  of  our  shepherds  came 
by  with  our  provision  of  victuals ;  to  whom  he  drew  near, 
without  speaking  a  word,  and  spurned  and  beat  him,  well- 
favouredly,  and  after  went  to  the  ass  which  carried  our 
victuals,  and  taking  away  all  the  bread  and  cheese  that  was 
there,  he  fled  into  the  mountain  with  wonderful  speed. 

'  When  we  heard  of  this,  some  of  us  goatherds,  we  went 
to  search  for  him,  and  spent  therein  almost  two  days  in  the 
most  solitary  places  of  this  mountain,  and  in  the  end  found 
him  lurking  in  the  hollow  part  of  a  very  tall  and  great 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF  SIERRA   MORENA         193 

cork-tree ;  who,  as  soon  as  he  perceived  us,  came  forth  to 
meet  us  with  great  staidness.  His  apparel  was  all  torn  ; 
his  visage  disfigured,  and  toasted  with  the  sun  in  such 
manner  as  we  could  scarce  know  him,  if  it  were  not  that 
his  attire,  although  rent,  by  the  notice  we  had  of  it,  did 
give  us  to  understand  that  he  was  the  man  for  whom  we 
sought.  He  saluted  us  courteously,  and  in  brief  and  very 
good  reasons,  he  said,  that  we  ought  not  to  marvel  seeing 
him  go  in  that  manner,  for  that  it  behoved  to  do  so,  that 
he  might  accomplish  a  certain  penance  enjoined  to  him, 
for  the  many  sins  he  had  committed.  We  prayed  him  to  tell 
us  what  he  was ;  but  we  could  never  persuade  him  to  do  it. 
We  requested  him  likewise,  that  whensoever  he  had  any 
need  of  meat  (without  which  he  could  not  live)  he  should 
tell  us  where  we  might  find  him,  and  we  would  bring  it  to 
him  with  great  love  and  diligence  ;  and  that  if  he  also  did 
not  like  of  this  motion,  that  he  would  at  leastwise  come 
and  ask  it,  and  not  take  it  violently,  as  he  had  done  before, 
from  our  shepherds.  He  thanked  us  very  much  for  our 
offer,  and  entreated  pardon  of  the  assaults  passed,  and 
promised  to  ask  it  from  thenceforward  for  God's  sake, 
without  giving  annoyance  to  any  one.  And,  touching  his 
dwelling  or  place  of  abode,  he  said  that  he  had  none  other 
than  that  where  the  night  overtook  him,  and  ended  his 
discourse  with  so  feeling  laments,  that  we  might  well  be 
accounted  stones  which  heard  him  if  therein  we  had  not 
kept  him  company,  considering  the  state  wherein  we  had 
seen  him  first,  and  that  wherein  now  he  was  ;  for,  as  I 
said,  he  was  a  very  comely  and  gracious  young  man,  and 
showed,  by  his  courteous  and  orderly  speech,  that  he  was 
well  born,  and  a  court-like  person  ;  for,  though  we  were 
all  clowns  such  as  did  hear  him,  his  gentility  was  such  as 
could  make  itself  known,  even  to  rudeness  itself.  And 
being  in  the  best  of  his  discourse  he  stopped  and  grew 
silent,  fixing  his  eyes  on  the  ground  a  good  while ;  wherein 
we  likewise  stood  still  suspended,  expecting  in  what  that 
distraction  would  end,  with  no  little  compassion  to  behold 
it ;  for  we  easily  perceived  that  some  accident  of  madness 
had  surprised  him,  by  his  staring  and  beholding  the  earth 


194  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

so  fixedly,  without  once  moving  the  eyelid,  and  other 
times  by  the  shutting  of  them,  the  biting  of  his  lips,  and 
bending  of  his  brows.  But  very  speedily  after,  he  made  us 
certain  thereof  himself;  for,  rising  from  the  ground 
(whereon  he  had  thrown  himself  a  little  before)  with  great 
fury,  he  set  upon  him  that  sat  next  unto  him,  with  such 
courage  and  rage,  that  if  we  had  not  taken  him  away  he 
would  have  slain  him  with  blows  and  bites  ;  and  he  did  all 
this,  saying,  "  O  treacherous  Fernando !  here,  here  thou 
shalt  pay  me  the  injury  that  thou  didst  me  ;  these  hands 
shall  rend  out  the  heart,  in  which  do  harbour  and  are 
heaped  all  evils  together,  but  principally  fraud  and  deceit." 
And  to  these  he  added  other  words,  all  addressed  to  the 
dispraise  of  that  Fernando,  and  to  attach  him  of  treason 
and  untruth. 

*  We  took  from  him  at  last,  not  without  difficulty,  our 
fellow  ;  and  he,  without  saying  a  word,  departed  from  us, 
embushing  himself  presently  among  the  bushes  and  brambles, 
leaving  us  wholly  disabled  to  follow  him  in  those  rough  and 
unhaunted  places.  By  this  we  gathered  that  his  madness 
comes  to  him  at  times,  and  that  some  one,  called  Fernando, 
had  done  some  ill  work  of  such  weight,  as  the  terms  show, 
to  which  it  hath  brought  him.  All  which  hath  after  been 
yet  confirmed  as  often  (which  were  many  times)  as  he  came 
out  to  the  fields,  sometimes  to  demand  meat  of  the 
shepherds,  and  other  times  to  take  it  of  them  perforce  ; 
for  when  he  is  taken  with  this  fit  of  madness,  although  the 
shepherds  do  offer  him  meat  willingly,  yet  will  not  he 
receive,  unless  he  take  it  with  buffets  ;  and  when  he  is  in 
his  right  sense,  he  asks  it  for  God's  sake,  with  courtesy  and 
humanity,  and  renders  many  thanks,  and  that  not  without 
tears.  And  in  very  truth,  sirs,  I  say  unto  you,'  quoth  the 
goatherd,  '  that  I  and  four  others,  whereof  two  are  my 
men,  other  two  my  friends,  resolved  yesterday  to  search 
until  we  found  him,  and  being  found,  either  by  force  or 
fair  means,  we  will  carry  him  to  the  town  of  Almodovar, 
which  is  but  eight  leagues  from  hence,  and  there  will  we 
have  him  cured,  if  his  disease  may  be  holpen  ;  or  at  least 
we  shall  learn  what  he  is,  when  he  turns  to  his  wits,  and 


Chap.  IX  ADVENTURE   OF  SIERRA   MORENA         195 

whether  he  hath  any  friends  to  whom  notice  of  his 
misfortune  may  be  given.  This  is,  sirs,  all  that  I  can  say 
concerning  that  of  which  you  demand  of  me  ;  and  you 
shall  understand  that  the  owner  of  those  things  which  you 
saw  in  the  way,  is  the  very  same  whom  you  saw  pass  by  you 
so  naked  and  nimble '  ; — for  Don  Quixote  had  told  him 
by  this,  that  he  had  seen  that  man  go  by,  leaping  among 
the  rocks. 

Don  Quixote  rested  marvellously  admired  at  the  goat- 
herd *s  tale  ;  and,  with  greater  desire  to  know  who  that 
unfortunate  madman  was,  purposed  with  himself,  as  he 
had  already  resolved,  to  search  him  throughout  the 
mountains,  without  leaving  a  corner  or  cave  of  it 
unsought  until  he  had  gotten  him.  But  fortune  disposed 
the  matter  better  than  he  expected  ;  for  he  appeared  in 
that  very  instant  in  a  cleft  of  a  rock  that  answered  to 
the  place  where  they  stood  speaking  ;  who  came  towards 
them,  murmuring  somewhat  to  himself,  which  could  not 
be  understood  near  at  hand,  and  much  less  afar  off.  His 
apparel  was  such  as  we  have  delivered,  only  differing  in 
this,  as  Don  Quixote  perceived  when  he  drew  nearer,  that 
he  wore  on  him,  although  torn,  a  leather  jerkin,  perfumed 
with  amber  ;  by  which  he  thoroughly  collected  that  the 
person  which  wore  such  attire  was  not  of  the  least  quality. 

When  the  young  man  came  to  the  place  where  they 
discoursed,  he  saluted  them  with  a  hoarse  voice,  but  with 
great  courtesy  ;  and  Don  Quixote  returned  him  his 
greetings  with  no  less  compliment  ;  and,  alighting  from 
Rozinante,  he  advanced  to  embrace  him  with  very  good 
carriage  and  countenance,  and  held  him  a  good  while 
straitly  between  his  arms,  as  if  he  had  known  him  of  long 
time.  The  other,  whom  we  may  call  the  Unfortunate 
Knight  of  the  Rock  as  well  as  Don  Quixote  the  Knight  of 
the  Ill-favoured  Face,  after  he  had  permitted  himself  to  be 
embraced  a  while,  did  step  a  little  off^  from  our  knight, 
and,  laying  his  hands  on  his  shoulders,  began  to  behold 
him  earnestly,  as  one  desirous  to  call  to  mind  whether  he 
had  ever  seen  him  before  ;  being,  perhaps,  no  less  admired 
to  see  Don  Quixote's  figure,  proportion,  and  arms,  than 


196  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Don  Quixote  was  to  view  him.  In  resolution,  the  first 
that  spoke  after  the  embracing  was  the  ragged  knight,  and 
said  what  we  will  presently  recount. 


CHAPTER  X 

Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  Adventure  of  Sierra  Morena 

The  history  affirms  that  great  was  the  attention  where- 
withal Don  Quixote  listened  to  the  Unfortunate  Knight  of 
the  Rock,  who  began  his  speech  on  this  manner  :  *  Truly, 
good  sir,  whatsoever  you  be  (for  I  know  you  not),  I  do 
with  all  my  heart  gratify  the  signs  of  affection  and  courtesy 
which  you  have  used  towards  me,  and  wish  heartily  that 
I  were  in  terms  to  serve  with  more  than  my  will  the  good- 
will you  bear  towards  me,  as  your  courteous  entertainment 
denotes  ;  but  my  fate  is  so  niggardly  as  it  affords  me  no 
other  means  to  repay  good  works  done  to  me,  than  only 
to  lend  me  a  good  desire  sometime  to  satisfy  them.' 

'So  great  is  mine  affection,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  *  to 
serve  you,  as  I  was  fully  resolved  never  to  depart  out  of 
these  mountains  until  I  had  found  you,  and  known  of 
yourself  whether  there  might  be  any  kind  of  remedy 
found  for  the  grief  that  this  your  so  unusual  a  kind  of 
life  argues  doth  possess  your  soul  ;  and,  if  it  were 
requisite,  to  search  it  out  with  all  possible  diligence  ;  and 
when  your  disasters  were  known  of  those  which  clap  their 
doors  in  the  face  of  comfort,  I  intended  in  that  case  to 
bear  a  part  in  your  lamentations,  and  plain  it  with  the 
doleful  note  ;  for  it  is  a  consolation  in  affliction  to  have 
one  that  condoles  in  them.  And,  if  this  my  good  inten- 
tion may  merit  any  acceptance,  or  be  gratified  by  any 
courtesy,  let  me  entreat  you,  sir,  by  the  excess  thereof 
which  I  see  accumulated  in  your  bosom,  and  jointly  I 
conjure  you  by  that  thing  which  you  have,  or  do  presently 
most  affect,  that  you  will  please  to  disclose  unto  me  who 


Chap.  X   ADVENTURE   OF   SIERRA   MORENA  197 

you  are,  and  what  the  cause  hath  been  that  persuaded  you 
to  come  to  live  and  die  in  these  deserts  like  a  brute  beast, 
seeing  you  live  among  such,  so  alienated  from  yourself,  as 
both  your  attire  and  countenance  demonstrate.  And  I  do 
vow,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  by  the  high  order  of  chivalry 
which  I,  although  unworthy  and  a  sinner,  have  received, 
and  by  the  profession  of  knights-errant,  that  if  you  do 
pleasure  me  herein,  to  assist  you  with  as  good  earnest  as 
my  profession  doth  bind  me,  either  by  remedying  your 
disaster,  if  it  can  be  holpen,  or  else  by  assisting  you  to 
lament  it,  if  it  be  so  desperate/ 

The  Knight  of  the  Rock,  who  heard  him  of  the  Ill- 
favoured  Face  speak  in  that  manner,  did  nothing  else  for  a 
great  while  but  behold  him  again  and  again,  and  re-behold 
him  from  top  to  toe.  And,  after  viewing  him  well,  he 
said  :  '  If  you  have  anything  to  eat,  I  pray  you  give  it  me 
for  God's  sake,  and  after  I  have  eaten  I  will  satisfy  your 
demand  thoroughly,  to  gratify  the  many  courtesies  and 
undeserved  proffers  you  have  made  unto  me/  Sancho, 
and  the  goatherd  present,  the  one  out  of  his  wallet,  the 
other  out  of  his  scrip,  took  some  meat,  and  gave  it  to  the 
Knight  of  the  Rock,  to  allay  his  hunger  ;  and  he  did  eat 
so  fast,  like  a  distracted  man,  as  he  left  no  intermission 
between  bit  and  bit,  but  clapt  them  up  so  swiftly,  as  he 
rather  seemed  to  swallow  than  to  chew  them  ;  and  whilst 
he  did  eat,  neither  he  nor  any  of  the  rest  spake  a  word  ; 
and  having  ended  his  dinner,  he  made  them  signs  to  follow 
him,  as  at  last  they  did,  unto  a  little  meadow  seated  hard 
by  that  place,  at  the  fold  of  a  mountain,  where  being 
arrived,  he  stretched  himself  on  the  grass,  which  the  rest 
did  likewise  in  his  imitation,  without  speaking  a  word  until 
that  he,  after  settling  himself  in  his  place,  began  in  this 
manner  :  '  If,  sirs,  you  please  to  hear  the  exceeding  great- 
ness of  my  disasters  briefly  rehearsed,  you  must  promise 
me  that  you  will  not  interrupt  the  file  of  my  doleful  nar- 
ration with  either  demand  or  other  thing  ;  for  in  the  very 
instant  that  you  shall  do  it,  there  also  must  remain  that 
which  I  say  depending.'  These  words  of  our  ragged 
knight's  called  to  Don  Quixote's   remembrance   the  tale 


198  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

which  his  squire  had  told  unto  him,  where  he  erred  in  the 
account  of  his  goats  which  had  passed  the  river,  for  which 
that  history  remained  suspended.  But  returning  to  our 
ragged  man,  he  said  :  '  This  prevention  which  now  I 
give  is  to  the  end  that  I  may  compendiously  pass  over  the 
discourse  of  my  mishaps  ;  for  the  revoking  of  them  to 
remembrance  only  serves  me  to  none  other  stead  than  to 
increase  the  old  by  adding  of  new  misfortunes  ;  and  by 
how  much  the  fewer  your  questions  are,  by  so  much  the 
more  speedily  shall  I  have  finished  my  pitiful  discourse  ; 
and  yet  I  mean  not  to  omit  the  essential  point  of  my  woes 
untouched,  that  your  desires  may  be  herein  sufficiently 
satisfied/  Don  Quixote,  in  his  own  and  his  other  com- 
panions' name,  promised  to  perform  his  request ;  where- 
upon he  began  his  relation  on  this  manner  : 

'  My  name  is  Cardenio,  the  place  of  my  birth  one  of  the 
best  cities  in  Andalusia,  my  lineage  noble,  my  parents  rich, 
and  my  misfortunes  so  great  as  I  think  my  parents  have 
ere  this  deplored  and  my  kinsfolk  condoled  them,  being 
very  little  able  with  their  wealth  to  redress  them  ;  for  the 
goods  of  fortune  are  but  of  small  virtue  to  remedy  the 
disasters  of  heaven.  There  dwelt  in  the  same  city  a 
heaven,  wherein  love  had  placed  all  the  glory  that  I  could 
desire  ;  so  great  is  the  beauty  of  Lucinda,  a  damsel  as 
noble  and  rich  as  I,  but  more  fortunate,  and  less  constant 
than  my  honourable  desires  expected.  1  loved,  honoured, 
and  adored  this  Lucinda  almost  from  my  very  infancy,  and 
she  affected  me  likewise,  with  all  the  integrity  and  good- 
will which  with  her  so  young  years  did  accord.  Our 
parents  knew  our  mutual  amity,  for  which  they  were 
nothing  aggrieved,  perceiving  very  well,  that  although  we 
continued  it,  yet  could  it  have  none  other  end  but  that  of 
matrimony :  a  thing  which  the  equality  of  our  blood  and 
substance  did  of  itself  almost  invite  us  to.  Our  age  and 
affection  increased  in  such  sort,  as  it  seemed  fit  for 
Lucinda's  father,  for  certain  good  respects,  to  deny  me  the 
entrance  of  his  house  any  longer,  imitating  in  a  manner 
therein  Thisbe,  so  much  solemnised  by  the  poets,  her 
parents  ;    which  hindrance  served  only  to  add   flame  to 


Chap.  X  CARDENIO'S   STORY  199 

flame,  and  desire  to  desire  ;  for,  although  it  set  silence  to 
our  tongues,  yet  would  they  not  impose  it  to  our  pens, 
which  are  wont  to  express  to  whom  it  pleased,  the  most 
hidden  secrecies  of  our  souls,  with  more  liberty  than  the 
tongue  ;  for  the  presence  of  the  beloved  doth  often  dis- 
tract, trouble,  and  strike  dumb  the  boldest  tongue  and 
firmest  resolution.  O  heavens  !  how  many  letters  have  I 
written  unto  her  !  What  cheerful  and  honest  answers 
have  I  received  !  How  many  ditties  and  amorous  verses 
have  I  composed,  wherein  my  soul  declared  and  published 
her  passions,  declined  her  inflamed  desires,  entertained  her 
remembrance,  and  recreated  her  will !  In  efl^ect,  perceiv- 
ing myself  to  be  forced,  and  that  my  soul  consumed  with 
a  perpetual  desire  to  behold  her,  I  resolved  to  put  my 
desires  in  execution,  and  finish  in  an  instant  that  which  I 
deemed  most  expedient  for  the  better  achieving  of  my 
desired  and  deserved  reward  ;  which  was  (as  I  did  indeed), 
to  demand  her  of  her  father  for  my  lawful  spouse.' 

'  To  which  he  made  answer,  that  he  did  gratify  the 
good-will  which  I  showed  by  honouring  him,  and  desire 
to  honour  myself  with  pawns  that  were  his  ;  but,  seeing 
my  father  yet  lived,  the  motion  of  that  matter  properly 
most  concerned  him  :  for,  if  it  were  not  done  with  his 
good  liking  and  pleasure,  Lucinda  was  not  a  woman  to  be 
taken  or  given  by  stealth.  I  rendered  him  thanks  for  his 
good-will,  his  words  seeming  unto  me  very  reasonable,  as 
that  my  father  should  agree  unto  them  as  soon  as  I  should 
explain  the  matter  ;  and  therefore  departed  presently  to 
acquaint  him  with  my  desires  :  who,  at  the  time  which  I 
entered  into  a  chamber  wherein  he  was,  stood  with  a  letter 
open  in  his  hand  ;  and,  espying  me,  ere  I  could  break  my 
mind  unto  him,  gave  it  me,  saying,  ''  By  that  letter, 
Cardenio,  you  may  gather  the  desire  that  Duke  Ricardo 
bears  to  do  you  any  pleasure  or  favour.'' 

'  This  Duke  Ricardo,  as  I  think  you  know,  sirs,  already, 
is  a  grandee  of  Spain,  whose  dukedom  is  seated  in  the 
best  part  of  all  Andalusia.  I  took  the  letter  and  read  it, 
which  appeared  so  urgent,  as  I  myself  accounted  it  would 
be  ill  done  if  my  father  did  not  accomplish  the  contents 


200  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

thereof,  which  were  indeed,  that  he  should  presently 
address  me  to  his  court,  to  the  end  I  might  be  companion 
(and  not  servant)  to  his  eldest  son  ;  and  that  he  would 
incharge  himself  with  the  advancing  of  me  to  such  pre- 
ferments as  might  be  answerable  unto  the  value  and 
estimation  he  made  of  my  person.  I  passed  over  the 
whole  letter,  and  was  strucken  dumb  at  the  reading  thereof, 
but  chiefly  hearing  my  father  to  say,  ^'Cardenio,  thou  must 
depart  within  two  days,  to  accomplish  the  duke's  desire, 
and  omit  not  to  render  Almighty  God  thanks,  which  doth 
thus  open  the  way  by  which  thou  mayst  attain  in  fine  to 
that  which  I  know  thou  dost  merit/'  And  to  these  words 
added  certain  others  of  fatherly  counsel  and  direction. 
The  term  of  my  departure  arrived,  and  I  spoke  to  my 
Lucinda  on  a  certain  night,  and  recounted  unto  her  all 
that  passed,  and  likewise  to  her  father,  entreating  him  to 
overslip  a  few  days,  and  defer  the  bestowing  of  his 
daughter  elsewhere,  until  I  went  to  understand  Duke 
Ricardo  his  will ;  which  he  promised  me,  and  she  con- 
firmed it,  with  a  thousand  oaths  and  promises. 

'  Finally,  I  came  to  Duke  Ricardo's  court,  and  was  so 
friendly  received  and  entertained  by  him,  as  even  then 
very  envy  began  to  exercise  her  accustomed  function,  being 
forthwith  emulated  by  the  ancient  servitors,  persuading 
themselves  that  the  tokens  the  duke  showed  to  do  me 
favours  could  not  but  turn  to  their  prejudice.  But  he 
that  rejoiced  most  at  mine  arrival  was  a  second  son  of  the 
duke's,  called  Fernando,  who  was  young,  gallant,  very 
comely,  hberal,  and  amorous  ;  who,  within  a  while  after 
my  coming,  held  me  so  dearly  as  every  one  wondered 
thereat  ;  and  although  the  elder  loved  me  well,  and  did 
me  favour,  yet  was  it  in  no  respect  comparable  to  that 
wherewithal  Don  Fernando  loved  and  treated  me.  It 
therefore  befel  that,  as  there  is  no  secrecy  amongst  friends 
so  great  but  they  will  communicate  it  the  one  to  the  other, 
and  the  familiarity  which  I  had  with  Don  Fernando  was 
now  past  the  limits  of  favour  and  turned  into  dearest 
amity,  he  revealed  unto  me  all  his  thoughts,  but  chiefly 
one  of  his  love,  which  did  not  a  little  molest  him  ;  for  he 


Chap.  X  CARDENIO'S   STORY  201 

was  enamoured  on  a  farmer's  daughter,  that  was  his 
father's  vassal,  whose  parents  were  marvellous  rich,  and 
she  herself  so  beautiful,  wary,  discreet,  and  honest,  as 
never  a  one  that  knew  her  could  absolutely  determine 
wherein  or  in  which  of  all  her  perfections  she  did  most 
excel,  or  was  most  accomplished.  And  those  good  parts 
of  the  beautiful  country  maid  reduced  Don  Fernando  his 
desires  to  such  an  exigent,  as  he  resolved,  that  he  might 
the  better  gain  her  good-will  and  conquer  her  integrity,  to 
pass  her  a  promise  of  marriage ;  for  otherwise  he  should 
labour  to  effect  that  which  was  impossible,  and  but  strive 
against  the  stream.  I,  as  one  bound  thereunto  by  our 
friendship,  did  thwart  and  dissuade  him  from  his  purpose 
with  the  best  reasons  and  most  efficacious  words  I  might ; 
and,  seeing  all  could  not  prevail,  I  determined  to  acquaint 
the  Duke  Ricardo  his  father  therewithal.  But  Don 
Fernando,  being  very  crafty  and  discreet,  suspected  and 
feared  as  much,  because  he  considered  that,  in  the  law  of 
a  faithful  servant,  I  was  bound  not  to  conceal  a  thing  that 
would  turn  so  much  to  the  prejudice  of  the  duke,  my  lord ; 
and  therefore,  both  to  divert  and  deceive  me  at  once,  [he 
said]  that  he  could  find  no  means  so  good  to  deface  the 
remembrance  of  that  beauty  out  of  his  mind,  which  held  his 
heart  in  such  subjection,  than  to  absent  himself  for  certain 
months ;  and  he  would  likewise  have  that  absence  to  be 
this,  that  both  of  us  should  depart  together,  and  come  to 
my  father's  house,  under  pretence  (as  he  would  inform  the 
duke)  that  he  went  to  see  and  cheapen  certain  great  horses 
that  were  in  the  city  wherein  I  was  born,  a  place  of 
breeding  the  best  horses  in  the  world. 

'  Scarce  had  I  heard  him  say  this,  when  (borne  away  by 
the  natural  propension  each  one  hath  to  his  country,  and 
my  love  joined)  although  his  designment  had  not  been  so 
good,  yet  would  I  have  ratified  it,  as  one  of  the  most 
expedient  that  could  be  imagined,  because  I  saw  occasion 
and  opportunity  so  fairly  offered,  to  return  and  see  again 
my  Lucinda ;  and  therefore,  set  on  by  this  thought  and 
desire,  I  approved  his  opinion,  and  did  quicken  his  purpose, 
persuading  him  to  prosecute  it  with  all  possible  speed ;  for 


202  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

absence  would  in  the  end  work  her  effect  in  despite  of  the 
most  forcible  and  urgent  thoughts.  And  when  he  said 
this  to  me,  he  had  already,  under  the  title  of  a  husband 
(as  it  was  afterward  known)  reaped  the  fruits  of  his  longing 
desires  from  his  beautiful  country  maid,  and  did  only  await 
an  opportunity  to  reveal  it  without  his  own  detriment, 
fearful  of  the  duke  his  father's  indignation  when  he  should 
understand  his  error. 

'  It  afterwards  happened  that,  as  love  in  young  men  is  not 
for  the  most  part  love,  but  lust,  the  which  (as  [that  which]  it 
ever  proposeth  to  itself  as  his  last  end  and  period  is  delight) 
so  as  soon  as  it  obtaineth  the  same,  it  likewise  decayeth 
and  maketh  forcibly  to  retire  that  which  was  termed  love ; 
for  it  cannot  transgress  the  limits  which  Nature  hath 
assigned  it,  which  boundings  or  measures  Nature  hath  in 
no  wise  allotted  to  true  and  sincere  affection, — I  would  say 
that,  as  soon  as  Don  Fernando  had  enjoyed  his  country 
lass,  his  desires  weakened,  and  his  importunities  waxed 
cold ;  and  if  at  the  first  he  feigned  an  excuse  to  absent 
himself,  that  he  might  with  more  facility  compass  them, 
he  did  now  in  very  good  earnest  procure  to  depart,  to  the 
end  he  might  not  put  them  in  execution.  The  duke  gave 
him  licence  to  depart,  and  commanded  me  to  accompany 
him.  We  came  to  my  city,  where  my  father  entertained 
him  according  to  his  calling.  I  saw  Lucinda,  and  then 
again  were  revived  (although,  indeed,  they  were  neither 
dead  nor  mortified)  my  desires,  and  I  acquainted  Don 
Fernando  (alas!  to  my  total  ruin)  with  them,  because  I 
thought  it  was  not  lawful,  by  the  law  of  amity,  to  keep 
anything  concealed  from  him.  There  I  dilated  to  him  on 
the  beauty,  wit,  and  discretion  of  Lucinda,  in  so  ample  a 
manner  as  my  praise  stirred  in  him  a  desire  to  view  a 
damsel  so  greatly  adorned,  and  enriched  with  so  rare 
endowments.  And  this  his  desire  I  (through  my  mis- 
fortune) satisfied,  showing  her  unto  him  by  the  light  of 
a  candle,  at  a  window  where  we  two  were  wont  to  parley 
together  ;  where  he  beheld  her  to  be  such  as  was  sufficient 
to  blot  out  of  his  memory  all  the  beauties  which  ever  he 
had  viewed  before.     He  stood  mute,  beside  himself,  and 


Chap.  X  AN  INTERRUPTION  203 

ravished  ;  and,  moreover,  rested  so  greatly  enamoured,  as 
you  may  perceive  in  the  discourse  of  this  my  doleful 
narration.  And,  to  inflame  his  desires  the  more  (a  thing 
which  I  fearfully  avoided,  and  only  discovered  to  Heaven), 
fortune  so  disposed  that  he  found  after  me  one  of  her 
letters,  wherein  she  requested  that  I  would  demand  her  of 
her  father  for  wife,  which  was  so  discreet,  honest,  and 
amorously  penned,  as  he  said,  after  reading  it,  that  in 
Lucinda  alone  were  included  all  the  graces  of  beauty  and 
understanding  jointly,  which  were  divided  and  separate  in 
all  the  other  women  of  the  world. 

'  Yet,  in  good  sooth,  I  will  here  confess  the  truth,  that 
although  I  saw  clearly  how  deservedly  Lucinda  was  thus 
extolled  by  Don  Fernando,  yet  did  not  her  praises  please 
me  so  much  pronounced  by  him  ;  and  therefore  began  to 
fear  and  suspect  him,  because  he  let  no  moment  overslip  us 
without  making  some  mention  of  Lucinda,  and  would  still 
himself  begin  the  discourse,  were  the  occasion  never  so  far- 
fetched :  a  thing  which  roused  in  me  I  cannot  tell  what 
jealousy  ;  not  that  I  did  fear  any  traverse  in  Lucinda's 
loyalty,  but  yet,  for  all,  my  fates  made  me  the  very  thing 
which  they  most  assured  me.  And  Don  Fernando  pro- 
cured to  read  all  the  papers  I  sent  to  Lucinda,  or  she  to 
me,  under  pretext  that  he  took  extraordinary  delight  to 
note  the  witty  conceits  of  us  both.  It  therefore  fell  out, 
that  Lucinda,  having  demanded  of  me  a  book  of  chivalry 
to  read,  wherein  she  took  marvellous  delight,  and  was  that 
of  Amadis  de  Gaul  '■ — 

Scarce  had  Don  Quixote  well  heard  him  make  mention 
of  books  of  knighthood  when  he  replied  to  him  :  '  If  you 
had,  good  sir,  but  once  told  me  at  the  beginning  of  your 
historical  narration  that  your  Lady  Lucinda  was  affected 
to  the  reading  of  knightly  adventures,  you  needed  not  to 
have  used  any  amplification  to  endear  or  make  plain  unto 
me  the  eminency  of  her  wit,  which  certainly  could  not  in 
any  wise  be  so  excellent  and  perspicuous  as  you  have 
figured  it  if  she  wanted  the  propension  and  feeling  you 
have  rehearsed  to  the  perusing  of  so  pleasing  discourses  ; 
so  that  henceforth,   with   me,   you   need  not  spend  any 


204  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

more  words  to  explain  and  manifest  the  height  of  her 
beauty,  worth,  and  understanding  ;  for  by  this  only  notice 
I  have  received  of  her  devotion  to  books  of  knighthood, 
I  do  confirm  her  for  the  most  fair  and  accomplished 
woman  for  all  perfections  in  the  world  ;  and  I  would  to 
God,  good  sir,  that  you  had  also  sent  her,  together  with 
Amadis,  the  histories  of  the  good  Don  Rugel  of  Grecia  ; 
for  I  am  certain  the  Lady  Lucinda  would  have  taken  great 
delight  in  Darayda  and  Garaya,  and  in  the  witty  conceits 
of  the  shepherd  Darinel,  and  in  those  admirable  verses  of 
his  Bucolics,  sung  and  rehearsed  by  him  with  such  grace, 
discretion,  and  liberty.  But  a  time  may  come  wherein 
this  fault  may  be  recompensed,  if  it  shall  please  you  to 
come  with  me  to  my  village  ;  for  there  I  may  give  you 
three  hundred  books,  which  are  my  souFs  greatest  con- 
tentment, and  the  entertainment  of  my  life, — although  I 
do  now  verily  believe  that  none  of  them  are  left,  thanks 
be  to  the  malice  of  evil  and  envious  enchanters.  And  I 
beseech  you  to  pardon  me  this  transgression  of  our  agree- 
ment at  the  first  promised,  not  to  interrupt  your  discourses ; 
for  when  I  hear  any  motion  made  of  chivalry  or  knights- 
errant,  it  is  no  more  in  my  power  to  omit  to  speak  of 
them  than  in  the  sunbeams  to  leave  off  warming,  or  in  the 
moon  to  render  things  humid.  And  therefore  I  entreat 
pardon,  and  that  you  will  prosecute  your  history,  as  that 
which  most  imports  us.* 

Whilst  Don  Quixote  spoke  those  words,  Cardenio  hung 
his  head  on  his  breast,  giving  manifest  tokens  that  he  was 
exceeding  sad.  And  although  Don  Quixote  requested 
him  twice  to  follow  on  with  his  discourse,  yet  neither  did 
he  lift  up  his  head  or  answer  a  word,  till  at  last,  after  he 
had  stood  a  good  while  musing,  he  held  up  his  head  and 
said  :  *  It  cannot  be  taken  out  of  my  mind,  nor  is  there  any 
one  in  the  world  can  deprive  me  of  the  conceit,  or  make 
me  believe  the  contrary,  and  he  were  a  bottlehead  that 
would  think  or  believe  otherwise,  than  that  the  great 
villain.  Master  Elisabat  the  barber,  kept  Queen  Madasima 
as  his  leman.' 

'  That  is  not  so,  I  vow  by  such  and  such  ! '  quoth  Don 


Chap.  X  CARDENIO'S   RAGE  205 

Quixote,  in  great  choler  (and  as  he  was  wont,  rapped  out 
three  or  four  round  oaths)  ;  *  it  is  great  malice,  or  rather 
villany,  to  say  such  a  thing ;  for  Queen  Madasima  was  a 
very  noble  lady,  and  it  ought  not  to  be  presumed  that  so 
high  a  princess  would  fall  in  love  with  a  quack-salver;  and 
whosoever  thinks  the  contrary  lies  like  an  arrant  villain,  as 
I  will  make  him  understand,  a-horseback  or  afoot,  armed 
or  disarmed,  by  night  or  by  day,  or  as  he  best  liketh.* 
Cardenio  stood  beholding  him  very  earnestly  as  he  spoke 
these  words,  whom  the  accident  of  his  madness  had  by 
this  possessed,  and  was  not  in  plight  to  prosecute  his 
history ;  nor  would  Don  Quixote  give  ear  to  it,  he  was  so 
mightily  disgusted  to  hear  Queen  Madasima  detracted. 

A  marvellous  accident !  for  he  took  her  defence  as 
earnestly  as  if  she  were  verily  his  true  and  natural  princess, 
his  wicked  books  had  so  much  distracted  him.  And 
Cardenio  being  by  this  furiously  mad,  hearing  himself 
answered  with  the  lie,  and  the  denomination  of  a  villain, 
with  other  the  like  outrages,  he  took  the  rest  in  ill  part, 
and,  lifting  up  a  stone  that  was  near  unto  him,  gave  Don 
Quixote  such  a  blow  therewithal  as  he  overthrew  him  to 
the  ground  on  his  back.  Sancho  Panza,  seeing  his  master 
so  roughly  handled,  set  upon  the  fool  with  his  fist  shut ; 
and  the  ragged  man  received  his  assault  in  such  manner, 
as  he  likewise  overthrew  him  at  his  feet  with  one  fist,  and, 
mounting  afterward  upon  him,  did  work  him  with  his  feet 
like  a  piece  of  dough ;  and  the  goatherd,  who  thought  to 
succour  him,  was  like  to  incur  the  same  danger.  And 
after  he  had  overthrown  and  beaten  them  all  very  well, 
he  departed  from  them,  and  entered  into  the  wood  very 
quietly.  Sancho  arose ;  and  with  rage  to  see  himself  so 
belaboured  without  desert,  he  ran  upon  the  goatherd  to  be 
revenged  on  him,  saying  that  he  was  in  the  fault,  who  had 
not  premonished  them  how  that  man's  raving  fits  did  take 
him  so  at  times;  for,  had  they  been  advertised  thereof, 
they  might  have  stood  all  the  while  on  their  guard. 

The  goatherd  answered  that  he  had  already  advised 
them  thereof,  and  if  he  had  not  been  attentive  thereunto, 
yet  he  was  therefore  nothing  the  more  culpable. 


206  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Sancho  Panza  replied,  and  the  goatherd  made  a  re- 
joinder thereunto ;  but  their  disputation  ended  at  last  in 
the  catching  hold  of  one  another's  beards,  and  befisting 
themselves  so  uncompassionately,  as  if  Don  Quixote  had  not 
pacified  them,  they  would  have  torn  one  another  to  pieces. 
Sancho,  holding  still  the  goatherd  fast,  said  unto  his  lord, 
*  Let  me  alone,  sir  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face  ;  for  on 
this  man,  who  is  a  clown  as  I  am  myself,  and  no  dubbed 
knight,  I  may  safely  satisfy  myself  of  the  wrong  he  hath 
done  me,  by  fighting  with  him  hand  to  hand,  like  an 
honourable  man/  ^  It  is  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  *but 
I  know  well  that  he  is  in  no  wise  culpable  of  that  which 
hath  happened/  And,  saying  so,  appeased  them,  and 
turned  again  to  demand  of  the  goatherd  whether  it  were 
possible  to  meet  again  with  Cardenio ;  for  he  remained 
possessed  with  an  exceeding  desire  to  know  the  end  of  his 
history. 

The  goatherd  turned  again  to  repeat  what  he  had  said  at 
the  first,  to  wit,  that  he  knew  not  any  certain  place  of  his 
abode ;  but  if  he  haunted  that  commark  any  while,  he 
would  some  time  meet  with  him,  either  in  his  mad  or 
modest  humour. 


CHAPTER  XI 

Which  treats  of  the  Strange  Adventures  that  happened  to 
the  Knight  of  the  Mancha  in  Sierra  Morena ;  and  of 
the  Penance  he  did  there^  in  Imitation  of  Beltenebros 

Don  Quixote  took  leave  of  the  goatherd,  and,  mounting 
once  again  on  Rozinante,  he  commanded  Sancho  to  follow 
him,  who  obeyed  but  with  a  very  ill  will :  and  thus  they 
travelled  by  little  and  little,  entering  into  the  thickest  and 
roughest  part  of  all  the  mountain ;  and  Sancho  went 
almost  burst  with  a  desire  to  reason  with  his  master,  and 
therefore  wished  in  mind  that  he  would  once  begin,  that 
he  might  not  transgress  his  commandment  of  silence  im- 


Chap.  XI  SANCHO    REBELS  207 

posed  on  him,  but  growing  at  last  wholly  impotent  to 
contain  himself  speechless  any  longer :  '  Good  sir  Don 
Quixote,  I  pray  you  give  me  your  blessing  and  licence; 
for  I  mean  to  depart  from  this  place,  and  return  to  my 
house,  my  wife  and  children,  with  whom  I  shall  be,  at 
least,  admitted  to  reason  and  speak  my  pleasure ;  for  that 
you  would  desire  to  have  me  keep  you  company  through 
these  deserts  night  and  day,  and  that  I  may  not  speak 
when  I  please,  is  but  to  bury  me  alive.  Yet,  if  fortune 
had  so  happily  disposed  our  affairs  as  that  beasts  could 
speak,  as  they  did  in  Guisopete's  time,  the  harm  had  been 
less ;  for  then  would  I  discourse  a  while  with  Rozinante 
(seeing  my  niggardly  fortune  hath  not  consented  I  might 
do  it  with  mine  ass)  what  I  thought  good,  and  in  this  sort 
would  I  waive  my  mishaps  ;  for  it  is  a  stubborn  thing,  and 
that  cannot  be  borne  with  patience,  to  travel  all  the  days  of 
our  life,  and  not  to  encounter  any  other  thing  than  tramp- 
lings  under  feet,  tossings  in  coverlets,  blows  of  stones  and 
buffets,  and  be  besides  all  this  forced  to  sew  up  our 
mouths,  a  man  daring  not  to  break  his  mind,  but  to  stand 
mute  like  a  post.'  '  Sancho,  I  understand  thee  now,* 
quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  thou  diest  with  longing  to  speak 
that  which  I  have  forbidden  thee  to  speak  ;  account,  there- 
fore, that  commandment  revoked,  and  say  what  thou 
pleasest,  on  condition  that  this  revocation  be  only  available 
and  of  force  whilst  we  dwell  in  these  mountains,  and  no 
longer.' 

*So  be  it,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  4et  me  speak  now,  for  what 
may  after  befall,  God  only  knows.'  And  then,  beginning 
to  take  the  benefit  of  his  licence,  he  said,  '  I  pray  you,  tell 
me  what  benefit  could  you  reap  by  taking  Queen  Magi- 
masa's  part  ?  or  what  was  it  to  the  purpose  that  that  abbot 
was  her  friend  or  no  ?  For,  if  you  had  let  it  slip,  seeing 
you  were  not  his  judge,  I  verily  believe  that  the  fool  had 
prosecuted  his  tale,  and  we  should  have  escaped  the  blow 
of  the  stone,  the  trampling  under  feet,  and  spurnings  ;  yea, 
and  more  than  five  or  six  good  buffets.'  *  In  faith, 
Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  if  thou  knewest  as  well  as  I 
did  how    honourable  and    principal    a  lady    was    Queen 


208  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Madasima,  thou  wouldst  rather  say  that  I  had  great 
patience,  seeing  I  did  not  strike  him  on  the  mouth  out  of 
which  such  blasphemies  issued  ;  for  it  is  a  very  great  dis- 
honour to  aver  or  think  that  any  queen  would  fall  in  love 
with  a  barber.  For  the  truth  of  the  history  is,  that  Master 
Elisabat,  of  whom  the  madman  spoke,  was  very  prudent, 
and  a  man  of  a  sound  judgment,  and  served  the  queen  as 
her  tutor  and  physician  ;  but  to  think  that  she  was  his 
leman  is  a  madness  worthy  the  severest  punishment ; 
and  to  the  end  thou  mayst  see  that  Cardenio  knew  not 
what  he  said,  thou  must  understand  that  when  he  spoke  it 
he  then  was  wholly  beside  himself/ 

*  That's  it  which  I  say,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  that  you  ought 
not  to  make  account  of  words  spoken  by  a  fool  ;  for  if 
fortune  had  not  assisted  you,  but  addressed  the  stone  to 
your  head,  as  it  did  to  your  breast,  we  should  have  re- 
mained in  good  plight,  for  having  turned  so  earnestly  in 
that  my  lady's  defence,  whom  God  confound.  And  think 
you  that  Cardenio  would  not  escape  the  dangers  of  the 
law,  by  reason  of  his  madness  .f^'  *  Any  knight-errant,' 
answered  Don  Quixote,  'is  bound  to  turn  for  the  honour 
of  women,  of  what  quality  soever,  against  mad  or  unmad 
men  ;  how  much  more  for  queens  of  so  high  degree  and 
worth  as  was  Queen  Madasima,  to  whom  I  bear  particular 
affections  for  her  good  parts  ?  For,  besides  her  being 
marvellous  beautiful,  she  was,  moreover,  very  prudent  and 
patient  in  her  calamities,  which  were  very  many ;  and  the 
company  and  counsels  of  Master  Elisabat  proved  very 
beneficial  and  necessary,  to  induce  her  to  bear  her  mishaps 
with  prudence  and  patience  :  and  hence  the  ignorant  and 
ill-meaning  vulgar  took  occasion  to  suspect  and  af^rm  that 
she  was  his  friend.  But  I  say  again  they  lie,  and  all  those 
that  do  either  think  or  say  it,  do  lie  a  thousand  times.' 

*  Why,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  I  neither  say  it  nor  think  it. 
Let  those  affirm  any  such  thing,  eat  that  lie  and  swallow  it 
with  their  bread  ;  and  if  they  of  whom  you  speak  lived 
lightly,  they  have  given  account  to  God  thereof  by  this.  I 
come  from  my  vineyard  ;  I  know  nothing.  I  am  not 
afraid  to  know  other  men's  lives  ;  for  he  that  buys  and  lies 


Chap.  XI  SANCHO   REBELS  209 

shall  feel  it  in  his  purse.  How  much  more,  seeing  I  was 
born  naked,  and  am  now  naked,  I  can  neither  win  nor  lose  ! 
A  man  is  but  a  man,  though  he  have  a  hose  on  his  head ; 
but  howsoever,  what  is  that  to  me?  And  many  think 
there  is  a  sheep  where  there  is  no  fleece.  But  who  shall 
bridle  a  man's  understanding,  when  men  are  profane  ? ' 
'  Good  God  !  '  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  how  many  follies  hast 
thou  inserted  here  !  and  how  wide  from  our  purpose  are 
those  proverbs  which  thou  hast  recited  !  Honest  Sancho, 
hold  thy  peace  ;  and  from  henceforth  endeavour  to  serve 
thy  master,  and  do  not  meddle  with  things  which  concern 
thee  nothing  ;  and  understand,  with  all  thy  five  senses, 
that  whatsoever  I  have  done,  do,  or  shall  do,  is  wholly 
guided  by  reason,  and  conformable  to  the  rules  of  knight- 
hood, which  I  know  better  than  all  the  other  knights  that 
ever  professed  them  in  the  world.'  *  Sir,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  and  is  it  a  good  rule  of  chivalry  that  we  go  wandering 
and  lost  among  these  mountains  in  this  sort,  without  path 
or  way,  in  the  search  of  a  madman,  to  whom  peradventure, 
after  he  is  found,  will  return  a  desire  to  finish  what  he 
began,  not  of  his  tale,  but  of  your  head  and  my  ribs,  by 
endeavouring  to  break  them  soundly  and  thoroughly  ? ' 

'  Peace,  I  say,  Sancho,  once  again,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ; 
*  for  thou  must  wit  that  the  desire  of  finding  the  madman 
alone  brings  me  not  into  these  parts  so  much,  as  that 
which  I  have  in  my  mind  to  achieve  a  certain  adventure, 
by  which  I  shall  acquire  eternal  renown  and  fame  throughout 
the  universal  face  of  the  earth  ;  and  I  shall  therewithal  seal 
all  that  which  may  render  a  knight-errant  complete  and 
famous.'  '  And  is  the  adventure  very  dangerous  ?'  quoth 
Sancho  Panza.  '  No,'  answered  the  Knight  of  the  Ill- 
favoured  Face,  '  although  the  die  might  run  in  such  sort  as 
we  might  cast  a  hazard  instead  of  an  encounter  ;  but  all 
consists  in  thy  diligence.'  *  In  mine  ? '  quoth  Sancho. 
'  Yes,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  if  thou  returnest  speedily 
from  the  place  whereunto  I  mean  to  send  thee,  my  pain 
will  also  end  shortly,  and  my  glory  commence  very  soon 
after.  And  because  I  will  not  hold  thee  long  suspended, 
awaiting  to  hear  the  effect  of  my  words,  I  would  have  thee 


2IO  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

to  know  that  the  famous  Amadis  de  Gaul  was  one  of  the 
most  accomplished  knights-errant, — I  do  not  say  well 
saying  he  was  one  ;  for  he  was  the  only,  the  first,  and  prime 
lord  of  as  many  as  lived  in  his  age.  An  evil  year  and  a 
worse  month  for  Don  Belianis,  or  any  other  that  shall  dare 
presume  to  compare  with  him  ;  for  I  swear  that  they  all 
are,  questionless,  deceived.  I  also  say,  that  when  a  painter 
would  become  rare  and  excellent  in  his  art,  he  procures  to 
imitate  the  patterns  of  the  most  singular  masters  of  his 
science  ;  and  this  very  rule  runs  current  throughout  all 
other  trades  and  exercises  of  account  which  serve  to  adorn 
a  well-disposed  commonwealth  ;  and  so  ought  and  doth 
he  that  means  to  obtain  the  name  of  a  prudent  and  patient 
man,  by  imitating  Ulysses,  in  whose  person  and  dangers 
doth  Homer  delineate  unto  us  the  true  portraiture  of 
patience  and  sufferance  ;  as  likewise  Virgil  demonstrates, 
under  the  person  of  Aeneas,  the  duty  and  valour  of  a  pious 
son,  and  the  sagacity  of  a  hardy  and  expert  captain,  not 
showing  them  such  as  indeed  they  were,  but  as  they 
should  be,  to  remain  as  an  example  of  virtue  to  ensuing 
posterities.  And  in  this  very  manner  was  Amadis  the  north 
star  and  the  sun  of  valorous  and  amorous  knights,  whom 
all  we  ought  to  imitate  which  march  under  the  ensigns  of 
love  and  chivalry.  And  this  being  so  manifest  as  it  is,  I 
find,  friend  Sancho,  that  the  knight-errant  who  shall  imitate 
him  most  shall  likewise  be  nearest  to  attain  the  perfection 
of  arms.  And  that  wherein  this  knight  bewrayed  most  his 
prudence,  valour,  courage,  patience,  constancy,  and  love, 
was  when  he  retired  himself  to  do  penance,  being  disdained 
by  his  lady  Oriana,  to  the  Poor  Rock,  changing  his  name 
unto  that  of  Beltenebros  :  a  name  certainly  most  significa- 
tive and  proper  for  the  life  which  he  had  at  that  time 
willingly  chosen.  And  I  may  more  easily  imitate  him 
herein  than  in  cleaving  of  giants,  beheading  of  serpents, 
killing  of  monsters,  overthrowing  of  armies,  putting  navies 
to  flight,  and  finishing  of  enchantments.  And  seeing  that 
this  mountain  is  so  fit  for  that  purpose,  there  is  no  reason 
why  I  should  overslip  the  occasion,  which  doth  so  com- 
modiously  proffer  me  her  locks.' 


Chap.  XI  DON   QUIXOTE'S   RESOLVE  211 

'In  effect /  quoth  Sancho,  'what  is  it  you  mean  to  do  in 
these  remote  places?'  'Have  not  I  told  thee  already/ 
said  Don  Quixote,  '  that  I  mean  to  follow  Amadis,  by 
playing  here  the  despaired,  wood,  and  furious  man  ?  To 
imitate  likewise  the  valiant  Orlando,  where  he  found  the 
tokens  by  a  fountain  that  Angelica  the  fair  had  abused 
herself  with  Medozo ;  for  grief  whereof  he  ran  mad,  and 
plucked  up  trees  by  their  roots,  troubled  the  waters  of 
clear  fountains,  slew  shepherds,  destroyed  their  flocks, 
fired  the  sheepfolds,  overthrew  houses,  trailed  mares  after 
him,  and  committed  a  hundred  thousand  other  insolences, 
worthy  of  eternal  fame  and  memory.  And  although  I  mean 
not  to  imitate  Roldan,  or  Orlando,  or  Rowland  (for  he 
had  all  these  names),  exactly  in  every  mad  prank  that  he 
played,  yet  will  I  do  it  the  best  I  can  in  those  things  which 
shall  seem  unto  me  most  essential.  And  perhaps  I  may 
rest  contented  with  the  only  imitation  of  Amadis,  who, 
without  endamaging,  and  by  his  ravings,  and  only  using 
these  of  feeling  laments,  [arrived]  to  as  great  fame  thereby 
as  anyone  whatsoever.' 

'I  believe,'  replied  Sancho,  '  that  the  knights  which  per- 
formed the  like  penances  were  moved  by  some  reasons  to 
do  the  like  austerities  and  follies;  but,  good  sir,  what 
occasion  hath  been  offered  unto  you  to  become  mad  ? 
What  lady  hath  disdained  you  ?  Or  what  arguments  have 
you  found  that  the  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  hath  ever 
dallied  with  Moor  or  Christian.?'  'There  is  the  point,' 
answered  our  knight,  'and  therein  consists  the  perfection 
of  mine  affairs ;  for  that  a  knight-errant  do  run  mad  upon 
any  just  occasion  deserves  neither  praise  nor  thanks ;  the 
wit  is  in  waxing  mad  without  cause,  whereby  my  mistress 
may  understand,  that  if  dry  I  could  do  this,  what  would  I 
have  done  being  watered.?  How  much  more,  seeing  I 
have  a  just  motive,  through  the  prolix  absence  that  I  have 
made  from  my  ever  supremest  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  ? 
For,  as  thou  mightest  have  heard  read  in  Marias 
Ambrosio  his  Shepherd, — 

"To  him  that  absent  is, 
All  things  succeed  amiss." 


212  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

So  that,  friend  Sancho,  I  would  not  have  thee  lavish  time 
longer  in  advising  to  let  slip  so  rare,  so  happy,  and 
singular  an  imitation.  I  am  mad,  and  will  be  mad,  until 
thou  return  again  with  answer  upon  a  letter,  which  I 
mean  to  send  with  thee  to  my  Lady  Dulcinea  ;  and  if  it  be 
such  as  my  loyalty  deserves,  my  madness  and  penance  shall 
end ;  but  if  the  contrary,  I  shall  run  mad  in  good  earnest, 
and  be  in  that  state  that  I  shall  apprehend  nor  feel  anything. 
So  that,  howsoever  I  be  answered,  I  shall  issue  out  of  the 
conflict  and  pain  wherein  thou  leavest  me,  by  joying  the 
good  thou  shalt  bring  me,  as  wise ;  or  not  feeling  the  evil 
thou  shalt  denounce,  as  mad.  But  tell  me,  Sancho,  keepest 
thou  charily  yet  the  helmet  of  Mambrino,  which  I  saw  thee 
take  up  from  the  ground  the  other  day,  when  that  un- 
grateful fellow  thought  to  have  broken  it  into  pieces,  but 
could  not,  by  which  may  be  collected  the  excellent  temper 
thereof.?' 

Sancho  answered  to  this  demand,  saying,  *  I  cannot  suffer 
or  bear  longer,  sir  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face,  nor  take 
patiently  many  things  which  you  say ;  and  I  begin  to  suspect, 
by  your  words,  that  all  that  which  you  have  said  to  me  of 
chivalry,  and  of  gaining  kingdoms  and  empires,  of  bestow- 
ing islands  and  other  gifts  and  great  things,  as  knights- 
errant  are  wont,  are  all  matters  of  air  and  lies,  all  cozenage 
or  cozening,  or  how  else  you  please  to  term  it ;  for  he  that 
shall  hear  you  name  a  barber's  basin  Mambrino's  helmet, 
and  that  you  will  not  abandon  that  error  in  more  than  four 
days,  what  other  can  he  think  but  that  he  who  affirms  such 
a  thing  doth  want  wit  and  discretion  ?  I  carry  the  basin 
in  my  bag,  all  battered  and  bored,  and  will  have  it  mended, 
and  dress  my  beard  in  it  at  home,  if  God  shall  do  me  the 
favour  that  I  may  one  day  see  my  wife  and  bairns.' 

'  Behold,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I  do  likewise 
swear  that  thou  hast  the  shallowest  pate  that  ever  any 
squire  had  or  hath  in  the  world.  Is  it  possible  that,  in  all 
the  time  thou  hast  gone  with  me,  thou  couldst  not  perceive 
that  all  the  adventures  of  knights-errant  do  appear 
chimeras,  follies,  and  desperate  things,  being  quite  con- 
trary ?     Not  that  they  are  indeed  such  ;    but  rather,  by 


Chap.  XI      PREPARATIONS   FOR   MADNESS  213 

reason  that  we  are  still  haunted  by  a  crew  of  enchanters, 
which  change  and  transform  our  acts,  making  them  seem 
what  they  please,  according  as  they  like  to  favour  or  annoy 
us  ;  and  so  this,  which  seems  to  thee  a  barber's  basin,  is  in 
my  conceit  Mambrino  his  helmet,  and  to  another  will 
appear  in  some  other  shape.  And  it  is  doubtlessly  done 
by  the  profound  science  of  the  wise  man  my  friend,  to 
make  that  seem  a  basin  which,  really  and  truly,  is  Mam- 
brino's  helmet  ;  because  that,  in  being  so  precious  a  jewel, 
all  the  world  would  pursue  me  to  deprive  me  of  it ;  but 
now,  seeing  that  it  is  so  like  a  barber's  basin,  they  endeavour 
not  to  gain  it,  as  was  clearly  showed  in  him  that  thought 
to  break  it  the  other  day,  and  would  not  carry  it  with  him, 
but  left  it  lying  behind  him  on  the  ground  ;  for,  in  faith, 
he  had  never  left  it  did  he  know  the  worthiness  thereof. 
Keep  it,  friend  ;  for  I  need  it  not  at  this  present,  wherein 
I  must  rather  disarm  myself  of  the  arms  I  wear,  and 
remain  as  naked  as  I  was  at  the  hour  of  my  birth,  if  I 
shall  take  the  humour  rather  to  imitate  Orlando  in  doing 
of  my  penance  than  Amadis.' 

Whilst  thus  he  discoursed,  he  arrived  to  the  foot  of  a 
lofty  mountain,  which  stood  like  a  hewn  rock  divided  from 
all  the  rest,  by  the  skirt  whereof  glided  a  smooth  river, 
hemmed  in  on  every  side  by  a  green  and  flourishing 
meadow,  whose  verdure  did  marvellously  delight  the 
greedy  beholding  eye  ;  there  were  in  it  also  many  wild 
trees,  and  some  plants  and  flowers,  which  rendered  the 
place  much  more  pleasing.  The  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured 
Face  made  choice  of  this  place  to  accomplish  therein  his 
penance  ;  and  therefore,  as  soon  ^s  he  had  viewed  it,  he 
began  to  say,  with  a  loud  voice,  like  a  distracted  man, 
these  words  ensuing  :  '  This  is  the  place  where  the  humour 
of  mine  eyes  shall  increase  the  liquid  veins  of  this  crystal 
current,  and  my  continual  and  deep  sighs  shall  give  per- 
petual motion  to  the  leaves  of  these  mountainy  trees,  in 
testimony  of  the  pain  which  my  oppressed  heart  doth 
suff^er.  O  you,  whosoever  you  be,  rustical  gods  !  which 
have  your  mansion  in  this  inhabitable  place,  give  ear  to 
the  plaints  of  this  unfortunate  lover,  whom  a  long  absence 


214  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

and  a  few  imagined  suspicions  have  conducted  to  deplore 
his  state  among  these  deserts,  and  make  him  exclaim  on 
the  rough  condition  of  that  ingrate  and  fair,  who  is  the 
top,  the  sun,  the  period,  term,  and  end  of  all  human 
beauty.  O  ye  Napeas  and  Dryads  !  which  do  wontedly 
inhabit  the  thickets  and  groves,  so  may  the  nimble  and 
lascivious  satyrs,  by  whom  (although  in  vain)  you  are 
beloved,  never  have  power  to  interrupt  your  sweet  rest,  as 
you  shall  assist  me  to  lament  my  disasters,  or  at  least 
attend  them,  whilst  I  dolefully  breathe  them.  O  Dulcinea 
of  Toboso  !  the  day  of  my  night,  the  glory  of  my  pain, 
north  of  my  travels,  and  star  of  my  fortunes  !  so  Heaven 
enrich  thee  with  the  highest,  whensoever  thou  shalt  de- 
mand it,  as  thou  wilt  consider  the  place  and  pass  unto 
which  thine  absence  hath  conducted  me,  and  answer  my 
faith  and  desires  in  compassionate  and  gracious  manner. 
O  solitary  trees  (which  shall  from  henceforward  keep 
company  with  my  solitude),  give  tokens,  with  the  soft 
motion  of  your  boughs,  that  my  presence  doth  not  dislike 
you.  O  thou  my  squire,  and  grateful  companion  in  all 
prosperous  and  adverse  successes  !  bear  well  away  what 
thou  shalt  see  me  do  here,  to  the  end  that  thou  mayst 
after  promptly  recount  it  as  the  total  cause  of  my  ruin.' 
And,  saying  so,  he  alighted  from  Rozinante,  and,  taking  off 
in  a  trice  his  bridle  and  saddle,  he  struck  him  on  the 
buttock,  saying,  '  He  gives  thee  liberty  that  wants  it  him- 
self, O  horse  I  as  famous  for  thy  works  as  thou  art 
unfortunate  by  thy  fates.  Go  where  thou  pleasest;  for 
thou  bearest  written  in  thy  forehead,  how  that  neither  the 
Hippogriff  of  Astolpho,  nor  the  renowned  Frontino, 
which  cost  Bradamante  so  dearly,  could  compare  with 
thee  for  swiftness.' 

When  Sancho  had  viewed  and  heard  his  lord  speak  thus, 
he  likewise  said,  '  Good  betide  him  that  freed  us  from  the 
pains  of  unpannelling  the  grey  ass ;  for  if  he  were  here,  in 
faith,  he  should  also  have  two  or  three  claps  on  the 
buttocks,  and  a  short  oration  in  his  praise.  Yet  if  he 
were  here,  I  would  not  permit  any  other  to  unpannel  him, 
seeing  there  was  no  occasion  why ;  for  he,  good  beast,  wa? 


Chap.  XI      PREPARATIONS   FOR   MADNESS  215 

nothing  subject  to  the  passions  of  love  or  despair,  no  more 
than  I,  who  was  his  master  when  it  pleased  God.  And,  in 
good  sooth,  sir  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face,  if  my 
departure  and  your  madness  be  in  good  earnest,  it  will  be 
needful  to  saddle  Rozinante  again,  that  he  may  supply 
the  want  of  mine  ass ;  for  it  will  shorten  the  time  of  my 
departure  and  return  again.  And  if  I  make  my  voyage 
afoot,  I  know  not  when  I  shall  arrive  there,  or  return  here 
back  unto  you;  for,  in  good  earnest,  I  am  a  very  ill 
footman.' 

'  Let  it  be  as  thou  likest,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  *  for  thy 
design  displeaseth  me  nothing ;  and  therefore  I  resolve 
that  thou  shalt  depart  from  hence  after  three  days ;  for  in 
the  mean  space  thou  shalt  behold  what  I  will  do  and  say 
for  my  lady's  sake,  to  the  end  thou  mayst  tell  it  to  her,' 
'  Why,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  what  more  can  I  view  than  that 
which  I  have  seen  already  ? '  '  Thou  art  altogether  wide 
of  the  matter,'  answered  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  I  must  yet 
tear  mine  apparel,  throw  away  mine  armour,  and  beat  my 
head  about  these  rocks,  with  many  other  things  of  that 
kind  that  will  strike  thee  into  admiration.'  '  Let  me 
beseech  you,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  see  well  how  you  give  your- 
self those  knocks  about  the  rocks ;  for  you  might  happen 
upon  some  one  so  ungracious  a  rock,  as  at  the  first  rap 
would  dissolve  all  the  whole  machina  of  your  adventures 
and  penance ;  and,  therefore,  I  would  be  of  opinion,  seeing 
that  you  do  hold  it  necessary  that  some  knocks  be  given 
with  the  head,  and  that  this  enterprise  cannot  be  accom- 
plished without  them,  that  you  content  yourself,  seeing 
that  all  is  but  feigned,  counterfeited,  and  a  jest, — that  you 
should,  I  say,  content  yourself  with  striking  it  on  the 
water,  or  on  some  other  soft  thing,  as  cotton  or  wool,  and 
leave  to  my  charge  the  exaggeration  thereof ;  for  I  will  tell 
to  my  lady  that  you  strike  your  head  against  the  point  of 
a  rock  which  was  harder  than  a  diamond.' 

*  I  thank  thee,  Sancho,  for  thy  good  will,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote ;  *  but  I  can  assure  thee  that  all  these  things  which 
I  do  are  no  jests,  but  very  serious  earnests ;  for  otherwise 
we  should  transgress  the  statutes  of  chivalry,  which  com- 


2i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

mand  us  not  to  avouch  any  untruth,  on  pain  of  relapse ; 
and  to  do  one  thing  for  another  is  as  much  as  to  lie.  So 
that  my  head-knocks  must  be  true,  firm,  and  sound  ones, 
without  any  sophistical  or  fantastical  shadow :  and  it  will 
be  requisite  that  you  leave  me  some  lint  to  cure  me,  seeing 
that  fortune  hath  deprived  us  of  the  balsam  which  we  lost/ 
*  It  was  worse  to  have  lost  the  ass,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  seeing 
that  at  once,  with  him,  we  have  lost  our  lint  and  all  our 
other  provision ;  and  I  entreat  you  most  earnestly  not  to 
name  again  that  accursed  drink;  for  in  only  hearing  it 
mentioned,  you  not  only  turn  my  guts  in  me,  but  also  my 
soul.  And  I  request  you,  moreover,  to  make  account  that 
the  term  of  three  days  is  already  expired,  wherein  you 
would  have  me  take  notice  of  your  follies ;  for  I  declare 
them  already  for  seen,  and  will  tell  wonders  to  my  lady : 
wherefore,  go  write  your  letter,  and  despatch  me  with  all 
haste ;  for  I  long  already  to  return,  and  take  you  out  of 
this  purgatory  wherein  I  leave  you.' 

'  Dost  thou  call  it  a  purgatory,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  Thou  hadst  done  better  hadst  thou  called  it 
hell ;  or  rather  worse,  if  there  be  anything  worse  than 
that.'  *  I  call  it  so,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  ^' ^ia  in  inferno  nulla 
est  retentio^'  as  I  have  heard  say.' 

'  I  understand  not,'  said  Don  Quixote,  *  what  retentio 
meaneth.'  *  Retentio^  quoth  Sancho,  ^  is  that,  whosoever 
is  in  hell,  never  comes,  nor  can  come,  out  of  it.  Which 
shall  fall  out  contrary  in  your  person,  or  my  feet  shall  go 
ill,  if  I  may  carry  spurs  to  quicken  Rozinante,  and  that  I 
may  safely  arrive  before  my  Lady  Dulcinea  in  Toboso  ;  for 
I  will  recount  unto  her  such  strange  things  of  your  follies 
and  madness  (for  they  be  all  one)  that  you  have,  and  do 
daily,  as  I  will  make  her  as  soft  as  a  glove,  although  I 
found  her  at  the  first  harder  than  a  cork-tree ;  with  whose 
sweet  and  honey  answer  I  will  return  in  the  air  as  speedily 
as  a  witch,  and  take  you  out  of  this  purgatory,  which 
is  no  hell,  although  it  seems  one,  seeing  there  is  hope 
to  escape  from  it ;  which,  as  I  have  said,  they  want  which 
are  in  hell ;  and  I  believe  you  will  not  contradict  me 
herein.' 


Chap.  XI      PREPARATIONS   FOR   MADNESS  217 

'Thou  hast  reason/   answered  the  Knight  of  the  Ill- 
favoured  Face  ;  '  but  how  shall  I  write  the  letter  ? '     '  And 
the   warrant   for  the  receipt   of  the    colts  also?'    added 
Sancho.       'AH   shall  be  inserted  together/    quoth   Don 
Quixote ;  '  and  seeing  we  have  no  paper,  we  may  do  well, 
imitating  the  ancient  men  of  times  past,  to  write  our  mind 
in  the  leaves  of  trees  or  wax ;  yet  wax  is  as  hard  to  be 
found  here  as  paper.     But,  now  that  I  remember  myself, 
I  know  where  we   may  write   our  mind  well,   and   more 
than  well,  to  wit,  in  Cardenio's  tablets,  and  thou  shalt  have 
care  to  cause  the  letters  to  be  written  out  again  fairly,  in 
the  first  village  wherein  thou  shalt  find  a  schoolmaster ;  or, 
if  such  a  one  be  wanting,  by  the  clerk  of  the  church ;  and 
beware  in  any  sort  that  thou  give  it  not  to  a  notary  or 
court-clerk  to  be  copied,  for  they  write  such  an  entangling, 
confounded  process  letter,  as  Satan  himself  would  scarce 
be  able  to  read  it/     'And  how  shall  we    do    for   want 
of  your  name  and  subscription  ? '  quoth  Sancho.     '  Why,' 
answered  Don  Quixote,  '  Amadis  was  never  wont  to  sub- 
scribe to  his  letters.'     '  Ay,  but  the  warrant  to  receive  the 
three  asses  must  forcibly  be  subsigned ;   and  if  it  should 
afterward  be  copied,  they  would  say  the  former  is  false,  and 
so  I  shall  rest  without  my  colts.'     '  The  warrant  shall  be 
written  and  firmed  with  my  hand  in  the  tablets,  which,  as 
soon  as  my  niece  shall  see,  she  shall  make  no  difficulty  to 
deliver   thee   them.     And  as  concerning  the  love-letter, 
thou  shalt  put  this  subscription  to  it,  "  Yours  until  death, 
the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face."     And  it  makes  no 
matter  though  it  be  written  by  any  stranger ;  forasmuch  as 
I  can  remember  Dulcinea  can  neither  write  nor  read,  nor 
hath  she  seen  any  letter,  no,  not  so  much  as  a  character  of 
my  writing  all  the  days  of  her  life ;  for  my  love  and  hers 
have  been    ever   Platonical,   never   extending    themselves 
further  than  to  an  honest  regard  and  view  the  one  of  the 
other,  and  even  this  same  so  rarely,  as  I  dare  boldly  swear, 
that  in  these  dozen  years  which  I  love  her  more  dearly 
than  the  light  of  these  mine  eyes,  which  the  earth  shall 
one   day  devour,  I   have   not   seen   her    four  times,   and 
perhaps  of  those  same  four  times  she  hath  scarce  perceived 


2i8  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

once  that  I  beheld  her — such  is  the  care  and  closeness 
wherewithal  her  parents,  Lorenzo  Corcuelo  and  her  mother 
Aldonza  Nogales,  have  brought  her  up.'  '  Ta,  ta/  quoth 
Sancho,  '  that  the  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  is  Lorenzo 
Corcuelo  his  daughter,  called  by  another  name  Aldonza 
Lorenzo  ? '  '  The  same  is  she,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and 
it  is  she  that  merits  to  be  empress  of  the  vast  universe.' 
'  I  know  her  very  well,'  replied  Sancho,  '  and  I  dare  say 
that  she  can  throw  an  iron  bar  as  well  as  any  the  strongest 
lad  in  our  parish.  I  vow,  by  the  giver,  that  'tis  a  wench 
of  the  mark,  tall  and  stout,  and  so  sturdy  withal,  that  she 
will  bring  her  chin  out  of  the  mire,  in  despite  of  any 
knight-errant,  or  that  shall  err,  that  shall  honour  her  as 
his  lady.  Out  upon  her !  what  a  strength  and  voice  she 
hath !  I  saw  her  on  a  day  stand  on  the  top  of  the  church- 
steeple,  to  call  certain  servants  of  her  father's,  that 
laboured  in  a  fallow  field ;  and  although  they  were  half  a 
league  from  thence,  they  heard  her  as  well  as  if  they  were 
at  the  foot  of  the  steeple.  And  the  best  that  is  in  her  is 
that  she  is  nothing  coy ;  for  she  hath  a  very  great  smack 
of  courtship,  and  plays  with  every  one,  and  gibes  and  jests 
at  them  all.  And  now  I  affirm,  sir  Knight  of  the  Ill- 
favoured  Face,  that  not  only  you  may  and  ought  to 
commit  raving  follies  for  her  sake,  but  eke  you  may,  with 
just  title,  also  despair  and  hang  yourself;  for  none  shall 
hear  thereof  but  will  say  you  did  very  well,  although  the 
devil  carried  you  away.  And  fain  would  I  be  gone,  if  it 
were  for  nothing  else  but  to  see  her ;  for  it  is  many  a  day 
since  I  saw  her,  and  I  am  sure  she  is  changed  by  this;  for 
women's  beauty  is  much  impaired  by  going  always  to  the 
field,  exposed  to  the  sun  and  weather.  And  I  will  now, 
sir  Don  Quixote,  confess  a  truth  unto  you,  that  I  have 
lived  until  now  in  a  marvellous  error,  thinking  well  and 
faithfully  that  the  Lady  Dulcinea  was  some  great  princess, 
on  whom  you  were  enamoured,  or  such  a  person  as 
merited  those  rich  presents  which  you  bestowed  on  her,  as 
well  of  the  Biscaine  as  of  the  slaves,  and  many  others,  that 
ought  to  be,  as  I  suppose,  correspondent  to  the  many 
victories  which  you  have  gained,  both  now  and  in  the  time 


Chap.  XI  DON   QUIXOTE'S   DEFENCE  219 

that  I  was  not  your  squire.  But,  pondering  well  the 
matter,  I  cannot  conceive  why  the  Lady  Aldonza  Lorenzo 
— I  mean  the  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  of  these  should 
care  whether  these  vanquished  men  which  you  send,  or 
shall  send,  do  go  and  kneel  before  her ;  for  it  may  befall 
that  she,  at  the  very  time  of  their  arrival,  be  combing  of 
flax  or  threshing  in  the  barn,  whereat  they  would  be 
ashamed,  and  she  likewise  laugh,  and  be  somewhat  dis- 
pleased at  the  present.' 

'  I  have  oft  told  thee,  Sancho,  many  times,  that  thou 
art  too  great  a  prattler,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'and 
although  thou  hast  but  a  gross  wit,  yet  now  and  then 
thy  frumps  nip  ;  but,  to  the  end  thou  mayst  perceive  the 
faultiness  of  thy  brain,  and  my  discretion,  I  will  tell  thee  a 
short  history,  which  is  this :  There  was  once  a  widow,  fair, 
young,  free,  rich,  and  withal  very  pleasant  and  jocund, 
that  fell  in  love  with  a  certain  round  and  well-set  servant 
of  a  college.  His  regent  came  to  understand  it,  and  there- 
fore said  on  a  day  to  the  widow,  by  the  way  of  fraternal 
correction,  "  Mistress,  I  do  greatly  marvel,  and  not  with- 
out occasion,  that  a  woman  so  principal,  so  beautiful,  so 
rich,  and  specially  so  witty,  could  make  so  ill  a  choice,  as 
to  wax  enamoured  on  so  foul,  so  base,  and  foolish  a  man 
as  such  a  one,  we  having  in  this  house  so  many  masters  of 
art,  graduates,  and  divines,  amongst  whom  you  might  have 
made  choice  as  among  pears,  saying,  I  will  take  this,  and  I 
will  not  have  that."  But  she  answered  him  thus,  with  a 
very  pleasant  and  good  grace  :  ''  You  are,  sir,  greatly 
deceived,  if  you  deem  that  I  have  made  an  ill  choice  in 
such  a  one,  let  him  seem  never  so  great  a  fool ;  for,  to  the 
purpose  that  I  mean  to  use  him,  he  knows  as  much  or 
rather  more  philosophy  than  Aristotle."  And  so,  Sancho, 
is  likewise  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  as  much  worth  as  the 
highest  princess  of  the  world,  for  the  efl^ect  I  mean  to  use 
her.  For  all  the  poets  which  celebrate  certain  ladies  at 
pleasure,  thinkest  thou  that  they  all  had  mistresses  ?  No. 
Dost  thou  believe  that  the  Amaryllises,  the  Phyllises, 
Silvias,  Dianas,  Galateas,  Alcidas,  and  others  such  like, 
wherewithal  the  books,  ditties,  barbers'  shops,  and  theatres 


220  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

are  filled,  were  truly  ladies  of  flesh  and  bones,  and  their 
mistresses  which  have  and  do  celebrate  them  thus  ?  No, 
certainly  ;  but  were  for  the  greater  part  feigned,  to  serve 
as  a  subject  of  their  verses,  to  the  end  the  authors  might 
be  accounted  amorous,  and  men  of  courage  enough  to  be 
such.  And  thus  it  is  also  sufficient  for  me  to  believe  and 
think  that  the  good  Aldonza  Lorenzo  is  fair  and  honest. 
As  for  her  parentage,  it  matters  but  little  ;  for  none  will 
send  to  take  information  thereof,  to  give  to  her  an  habit ; 
and  I  make  account  of  her  as  of  the  greatest  princess  in 
the  world.  For  thou  oughtest  to  know,  Sancho,  if  thou 
knowest  it  not  already,  that  two  things  alone  incite  men  to 
love  more  than  all  things  else,  and  those  be,  surpassing 
beauty  and  a  good  name.  And  both  these  things  are 
found  in  Dulcinea  in  her  prime ;  for  none  can  equal  her  in 
fairness,  and  few  come  near  her  for  a  good  report.  And, 
for  a  final  conclusion,  I  imagine  that  all  that  which  I  say  is 
really  so,  without  adding  or  taking  aught  away.  And  I 
do  imagine  her,  in  my  fantasy,  to  be  such  as  I  could  wish 
her  as  well  in  beauty  as  principality,  and  neither  can  Helen 
approach,  nor  Lucrece  come  near  her  ;  no,  nor  any  of 
those  other  famous  women,  Greek,  Barbarous,  or  Latin, 
of  foregoing  ages.  And  let  every  one  say  what  he 
pleaseth  ;  for  though  I  should  be  reprehended  for  this  by 
the  ignorant,  yet  shall  I  not,  therefore,  be  chastised  by  the 
more  observant  and  rigorous  sort  of  men.' 

'  I  avouch,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  you  have  great  reason 
in  all  that  you  say,  and  that  I  am  myself  a  very  ass — 
but,  alas  !  why  do  I  name  an  ass  with  my  mouth,  seeing 
one  should  not  mention  a  rope  in  one's  house  that  was 
hanged  ?  But  give  me  the  letter,  and  farewell ;  for  I  will 
change.'  With  that,  Don  Quixote  drew  out  his  tablets, 
and,  going  aside,  began  to  indite  his  letter  with  great 
gravity  ;  which  ended,  he  called  Sancho  to  read  it  to 
him,  to  the  end  he  might  bear  it  away  in  memory,  lest 
by  chance  he  did  lose  the  tablets  on  the  way  ;  for  such 
were  his  cross  fortunes,  as  made  him  fear  every  event. 
To  which  Sancho  answered,  saying,  '  Write  it  there 
twice  or  thrice  in  the  book,  and  give  me  it  after  ;  for  I 


Chap.  XI        THE   LETTER   TO    DULCINEA  221 

will  carry  it  safely,  by  God's  grace.  For  to  think  that  I 
will  be  able  ever  to  take  it  by  rote  is  a  great  folly  ;  for 
my  memory  is  so  short  as  I  do  many  times  forget  mine 
own  name.  But  yet,  for  all  that,  read  it  to  me,  good  sir  ; 
for  I  would  be  glad  to  hear  it,  as  a  thing  which  I  suppose 
to  be  as  excellent  as  if  it  were  cast  in  a  mould.'  '  Hear  it, 
then,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  *  for  thus  it  says  : 

*The  Letter  of  Don  Quixote  to  Dulcinea 
of  toboso. 

'Sovereign  Lady, — The  wounded  by  the  point  of 
absence,  and  the  hurt  by  the  darts  of  thy  heart,  sweetest 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso  !  doth  send  thee  that  health  which  he 
wanteth  himself.  If  thy  beauty  disdain  me,  if  thy  valour 
turn  not  to  my  benefit,  if  thy  disdains  convert  themselves 
to  my  harm,  maugre  all  my  patience,  I  shall  be  ill  able  to 
sustain  this  care  ;  which,  besides  that  it  is  violent,  is  also 
too  durable.  My  good  squire  Sancho  will  give  thee  certain 
relation,  O  beautiful  ingrate,  and  my  dearest  beloved 
enemy  !  of  the  state  wherein  I  remain  for  thy  sake.  If 
thou  please  to  favour  me,  I  am  thine  ;  and  if  not,  do  what 
thou  likest  :  for,  by  ending  of  my  life,  I  shall  both  satisfy 
thy  cruelty  and  my  desires. — Thine  until  death, 

'The  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face.' 

'  By  my  father's  life,'  quoth  Sancho,  when  he  heard  the 
letter,  '  it  is  the  highest  thing  that  ever  I  heard.  Good 
God  !  how  well  do  you  say  everything  in  it !  and  how 
excellently  have  you  applied  the  subscription  of  "The  Knight 
of  the  Ill-favoured  Face  !  "  I  say  again,  in  good  earnest, 
that  you  are  the  devil  himself,  and  there's  nothing  but  you 
know  it.'  'All  is  necessary,'  answered  Don  Quixote,  'for 
the  office  that  I  profess.'  '  Put,  then,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  in 
the  other  side  of  that  leaf,  the  warrant  of  three  colts,  and 
firm  it  with  a  legible  letter  that  they  may  know  it  at  the 
first  sight.'  '  I  am  pleased,'  said  Don  Quixote.  And  so, 
writing  it,  he  read  it  after  to  Sancho  ;  and  it  said  thus  : 

'  You  shall  please,  good  niece,  for  this  first  of  colts,  to 
deliver  unto  my  squire  Sancho   Panza,  three  of  the  fivt 


222  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

that  I  left  at  home,  and  are  in  your  charge  ;  the  which 
three  colts  I  command  to  be  delivered  to  him,  for  as  many 
others  counted  and  received  here  ;  for  with  this,  and  his 
acquittance,  they  shall  be  justly  delivered.  Given  in  the 
bowels  of  Sierra  Morena,  the  two-and-twentieth  of  August, 
of  this  present  year / 

'  It  goes  very  well,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  subsign  it,  there- 
fore, I  pray  you/  '  It  needs  no  seal,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  but  only  my  rubric,  v/hich  is  as  valuable  as  if  it  were 
subscribed  not  only  for  three  asses,  but  also  for  three 
hundred.'  '  My  trust  is  in  you,'  answered  Sancho  ;  'permit 
me,  for  I  will  go  saddle  Rozinante,  and  prepare  yourself 
to  give  me  your  blessing  ;  for  I  purpose  presently  to 
depart,  before  I  see  any  mad  prank  of  yours  ;  for  I  will 
say  that  I  saw  you  play  so  many,  as  no  more  can  be 
desired.'  '  I  will  have  thee  stay,  Sancho  (and  that  because 
it  is  requisite),  at  least  to  see  me  stark  naked,  playing  a 
dozen  or  two  of  raving  tricks  ;  for  I  will  despatch  them 
in  less  than  half  an  hour ;  because  that  thou,  having  viewed 
them  with  thine  own  eyes,  mayst  safely  swear  all  the  rest 
that  thou  pleasest  to  add  ;  and  I  assure  thee  that  thou 
canst  not  tell  so  many  as  I  mean  to  perform.'  '  Let  me 
entreat  you,  good  sir,  that  I  may  not  see  you  naked  ;  for 
it  will  turn  my  stomach,  and  I  shall  not  be  able  to  keep 
myself  from  weeping  ;  and  my  head  is  yet  so  sore  since 
yesternight,  through  my  lamentations  for  the  loss  of  the 
grey  beast,  as  I  am  not  strong  enough  yet  to  endure  new 
plaints.  But,  if  your  pleasure  be  such  as  I  must  necessarily 
see  some  follies,  do  them,  in  Jove's  name,  in  your  clothes 
briefly,  and  such  as  are  most  necessary  ;  chiefly,  seeing 
none  of  these  things  are  requisite  for  me.  And,  as  I  have 
said,  we  might  excuse  time  (that  shall  now  be  lavished  in 
these  trifles)  to  return  speedily  with  the  news  you  desire 
and  deserve  so  much.  And  if  not,  let  the  Lady  Dulcinea 
provide  herself  well ;  for  if  she  answer  not  according  to 
reason,  I  make  a  solemn  vow  to  him  that  I  may,  that  I'll 
make  her  disgorge  out  of  her  stomach  a  good  answer,  with 
very  kicks  and  fists ;   for  how  can  it  be  suffered  that  so 


Chap.  XI  SANCHO   DEPARTS  223 

famous  a  knight-errant  as  yourself  should  thus  run  out  of 

his  wits,  without,  nor  for  what,  for  one Let  not  the 

gentlewoman  constrain  me  to  say  the  rest ;  for  I  will  out 
with  it,  and  venture  all  upon  twelve,  although  it  never  were 
sold; 

'  In  good  faith,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I  think 
thou  art  grown  as  mad  as  myself.'  '  I  am  not  so  mad,' 
replied  Sancho,  '  but  I  am  more  choleric.  But,  setting 
that  aside,  say,  what  will  you  eat  until  my  return  ?  Do 
you  mean  to  do  as  Cardenio,  and  take  by  the  highway's 
side  perforce  from  the  shepherds  .'' '  '  Care  thou  not  for 
that,'  replied  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  although  I  had  it,  yet 
would  I  not  eat  any  other  thing  than  the  herbs  and  fruits 
that  this  field  and  trees  do  yield  ;  for  the  perfection  of 
mine  affair  consists  in  fasting,  and  the  exercise  of  other 
castigations.'  To  this  Sancho  replied  :  '  Do  you  know 
what  I  fear  ?  that  I  shall  not  find  the  way  to  you  again 
here  where  I  leave  you,  it  is  so  difficult  and  obscure.' 
'  Take  well  the  marks,  and  I  will  endeavour  to  keep  here 
about,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  until  thou  come  back  again  ; 
and  will,  moreover,  about  the  time  of  thy  return,  mount 
to  the  tops  of  these  high  rocks,  to  see  whether  thou 
appearest.  But  thou  shouldst  do  best  of  all,  to  the  end 
thou  mayst  not  stay  and  miss  me,  to  cut  down  here  and 
there  certain  boughs,  and  strew  them  on  the  way  as  thou 
goest,  until  thou  beest  out  in  the  plains,  and  those  may 
after  serve  thee  as  bounds  and  marks,  by  which  thou 
mayst  again  find  me  when  thou  returnest,  in  imitation  of 
the  clue  of  Theseus' s  labyrinth.' 

'  I  will  do  so,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  and  then,  cutting  down 
certain  boughs,  he  demanded  his  lord's  blessing,  and 
departed,  not  without  tears  on  both  sides.  And,  mount- 
ing upon  Rozinante,  whom  Don  Quixote  commended  very 
seriously  to  his  care,  that  he  should  tend  him  as  he  would 
his  own  person,  he  made  on  towards  the  plains,  strewing 
here  and  there  on  the  way  his  branches,  as  his  master  had 
advised  him  ;  and  with  that  departed,  although  his  lord 
importuned  him  to  behold  two  or  three  follies  ere  he  went 
away.     But  scarce  had  he  gone  a  hundred  paces,  when  he 


224  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

returned  and  said,  '  I  say,  sir,  that  you  said  well  that,  to 
the  end  I  might  swear  with  a  safe  conscience  that  I  have 
seen  you  play  these  mad  tricks,  it  were  necessary  that  at 
least  I  see  you  do  one,  although  that  of  your  abode  here 
is  one  great  enough.' 

'  Did  not  I  tell  thee  so  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Stay, 
Sancho,  for  I  will  do  it  in  the  space  of  a  creed.'  And, 
taking  off  with  all  haste  his  hose,  he  remained  the  half 
of  him  naked,  and  did  instantly  give  two  or  three  jerks 
in  the  air,  and  two  tumbles  over  and  over  on  the  ground, 
with  his  head  downward,  and  his  legs  aloft,  where  he  dis- 
covered such  things,  as  Sancho,  because  he  would  not  see 
them  again,  turned  the  bridle  and  rode  away,  resting 
contented  and  satisfied  that  he  might  swear  that  his  lord 
was  mad.  And  so  we  will  leave  him  travelling  on  his  way, 
until  his  return,  which  was  very  soon  after. 


CHAPTER  XII 

Wherein  are  prosecuted  the  Franks  played  by  Don  ^ixote 
in  his  Amorous  Humours^  in  the  Mountains  of  Sierra 
Morena 

And,  turning  to  recount  what  the  knight  of  the  ill- 
favoured  face  did  when  he  was  all  alone,  the  history  says 
that,  after  Don  Quixote  had  ended  his  frisks  and  leaps, 
naked  from  the  girdle  downward,  and  from  that  upward 
apparelled,  seeing  that  his  squire  Sancho  was  gone,  and 
would  behold  no  more  of  his  mad  pranks,  he  ascended  to 
the  top  of  a  high  rock,  and  began  there  to  think  on  that 
whereon  he  had  thought  oftentimes  before,  without  ever 
making  a  full  resolution  therein,  to  wit,  whether  were  it 
better  to  imitate  Orlando  in  his  unmeasurable  furies,  than 
Amadis  in  his  melancholy  moods  :  and,  speaking  to 
himself,  would  say,  '  If  Orlando  was  so  valorous  and  good 
a  knight  as  men  say,  what  wonder,  seeing  in  fine  he  was 


Chap.  XII  AMADIS   OR   ORLANDO?  225 

enchanted,  and  could  not  be  slain,  if  it  were  not  by 
clapping  a  pin  to  the  sole  of  his  foot,  and  therefore  did 
wear  shoes  still  that  had  seven  folds  of  iron  in  the  soles  ? 
although  these  his  draughts  stood  him  in  no  stead  at 
Roncesvalles  against  Bernardo  del  Carpio,  which,  under- 
standing them,  pressed  him  to  death  between  his  arms. 
But,  leaving  his  valour  apart,  let  us  come  to  the  losing  of 
his  wits,  which  it  is  certain  he  lost  through  the  signs  he 
found  in  the  forest,  and  by  the  news  that  the  shepherd 
gave  unto  him,  that  Angelica  had  slept  more  than  two 
noontides  with  the  little  Moor,  Medoro  of  the  curled  locks, 
him  that  was  page  to  King  Argamante.  And  if  he  under- 
stood this,  and  knew  his  lady  had  played  beside  the  cushion, 
what  wonder  was  it  that  he  should  run  mad.  But  how 
can  I  imitate  him  in  his  furies,  if  I  cannot  imitate  him  in 
their  occasion  ?  for  I  dare  swear  for  my  Dulcinea  of  Toboso, 
that  all  the  days  of  her  life  she  hath  not  seen  one  Moor, 
even  in  his  own  attire  as  he  is,  and  she  is  now  right  as  her 
mother  bore  her  ;  and  I  should  do  her  a  manifest  wrong, 
if,  upon  any  false  suspicion,  I  should  turn  mad  of  that 
kind  of  folly  that  did  distract  furious  Orlando.  On  the 
other  side,  I  see  that  Amadis  de  Gaul,  without  losing  his 
wits,  or  using  any  other  raving  trick,  gained  as  great  fame 
of  being  amorous  as  any  one  else  whatsoever.  For  that 
which  his  history  recites  was  none  other  than  that,  seeing 
himself  disdained  by  his  lady  Oriana,  who  had  commanded 
him  to  withdraw  himself  from  her  presence,  and  not 
appear  again  in  it  until  she  pleased,  he  retired  himself,  in 
the  company  of  a  certain  hermit,  to  the  Poor  Rock,  and 
there  crammed  himself  with  weeping,  until  that  Heaven 
assisted  him  in  the  midst  of  his  greatest  cares  and  necessity. 
And  this  being  true,  as  it  is,  why  should  I  take  now  the 
pains  to  strip  myself  all  naked,  and  offend  these  trees, 
which  never  yet  did  me  any  harm  ?  Nor  have  I  any 
reason  to  trouble  the  clear  waters  of  these  brooks,  which 
must  give  me  drink  when  I  am  thirsty.  Let  the  remem- 
brance of  Amadis  live,  and  be  imitated  in  everything 
as  much  as  may  be,  by  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha ; 
of  whom    may    be    said    what    was    said    of    the    other, 


226  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

that  though  he  achieved  not  great  things,  yet  did 
he  die  in  their  pursuit.  And  though  I  am  not  con- 
temned or  disdained  by  my  Dulcinea,  yet  it  is  sufficient, 
as  I  have  said  already,  that  I  be  absent  from  her ; 
therefore,  hands  to  your  task ;  and,  ye  famous  actions  of 
Amadis,  occur  to  my  remembrance,  and  instruct  me 
where  I  may  best  begin  to  imitate  you.  Yet  I  know 
already,  that  the  greatest  thing  he  did  use  was  prayer,  and 
so  will  I.'  And,  saying  so,  he  made  him  a  pair  of  beads 
of  great  galls,  and  was  very  much  vexed  in  mind  for  want 
of  an  Eremite,  who  might  hear  his  confession  and  comfort 
him  in  his  afflictions ;  and  therefore  did  entertain  himself 
walking  up  and  down  the  little  green  field,  writing  and 
graving  in  the  rinds  of  trees,  and  on  the  smooth  sands,  many 
verses,  all  accommodated  to  his  sadness,  and  some  of  them 
in  the  praise  of  Dulcinea  ;  but  those  that  were  found 
thoroughly  finished,  and  were  legible  after  his  own  finding 
again  in  that  place,  were  only  these  ensuing : 

'  O  ye  plants,  ye  herbs,  and  ye  trees, 

That  flourish  in  this  pleasant  site, 
In  lofty  and  verdant  degrees, 

If  my  harms  do  you  not  delight, 
Hear  my  holy  plaints,  which  are  these. 
And  let  not  my  grief  you  molest, 

Though  it  ever  so  feelingly  went, 
Since  here  for  to  pay  your  rest, 
Don  Quixote  his  tears  hath  addrest, 

Dulcinea's  want  to  lament 

Of  Toboso. 

*  In  this  very  place  was  first  spied 

The  loyallest  lover  and  true, 
Who  himself  from  his  lady  did  hide ; 

But  yet  felt  his  sorrows  anew, 
Not  knowing  whence  they  might  proceed. 
Love  doth  him  cruelly  wrest 

With  a  passion  of  evil  descent 
Which  robb'd  Don  Quixote  of  rest, 
Till  a  pipe  with  tears  was  full  prest, 

Dulcinea's  want  to  lament 

Of  Toboso. 

*  He,  searching  adventures,  blind, 

Among  these  dearn  woods  and  rocks. 


Chap.  XII  SANCHO'S   EMBASSAGE  227 

Still  curseth  on  pitiless  mind ; 

For  a  wretch  amidst  bushy  locks 
And  crags  may  misfortunes  find. 
Love,  with  his  whip,  wounded  his  breast, 

And  not  with  soft  hands  him  pent, 
And  when  he  his  noddle  had  prest, 
Don  Quixote  his  tears  did  forth  wrest, 

Dulcinea's  want  to  lament 

Of  Toboso.' 

The  addition  of  Toboso  to  the  name  of  Dulcinea  did 
not  cause  small  laughter  in  those  which  found  the  verses 
recited;  because  they  imagined  that  Don  Quixote  con- 
ceived that  if,  in  the  naming  of  Dulcinea,  he  did  not  also 
add  that  of  Toboso,  the  rime  could  not  be  understood ; 
and  in  truth  it  was  so,  as  he  himself  did  afterward  confess. 
He  composed  many  others ;  but,  as  we  have  related,  none 
could  be  well  copied  or  found  entire,  but  these  three 
stanzas.  In  this,  and  in  sighing,  and  invoking  the  fauns 
and  sylvans  of  these  woods,  and  the  nymphs  of  the  adjoin- 
ing streams,  with  the  dolorous  and  hollow  echo,  that  it 
would  answer  and  they  comfort  and  listen  unto  him,  and 
in  the  search  of  some  herbs  to  sustain  his  languishing 
forces,  he  entertained  himself  all  the  time  of  Sancho  his 
absence;  who,  had  he  stayed  three  weeks  away,  as  he  dip 
but  three  days,  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face  should 
have  remained  so  disfigured  as  the  very  mother  that  bore 
him  would  not  have  known  him. 

But  now  it  is  congruent  that,  leaving  him  swallowed  in 
the  gulfs  of  sorrow  and  versifying,  we  turn  and  recount 
what  happened  to  Sancho  Panza  in  his  embassage ;  which 
was  that,  issuing  out  to  the  highway,  he  presently  took 
that  which  led  towards  Toboso,  and  arrived  the  next  day 
following  to  the  inn  where  the  disgrace  of  the  coverlet 
befel  him ;  and  scarce  had  he  well  espied  it,  but  presently 
he  imagined  that  he  was  once  again  flying  in  the  air ;  and 
therefore  would  not  enter  into  it,  although  his  arrival  was 
at  such  an  hour  as  he  both  might  and  ought  to  have  stayed, 
being  dinner-time,  and  he  himself  likewise  possessed  with 
a  marvellous  longing  to  taste  some  warm  meat — for  many 
days   past  he   had   fed  altogether  on   cold  viands.     This 


228  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

desire  enforced  him  to  approach  to  the  inn,  remaining  still 
doubtful,  notwithstanding,  whether  he  should  enter  into  it 
or  no.  And  as  he  stood  thus  suspended,  there  issued  out 
of  the  inn  two  persons  which  presently  knew  him,  and  the 
one  said  to  the  other,  *  Tell  me,  master  licentiate,  is  not 
that  horseman  that  rides  there  Sancho  Panza,  he  whom  our 
adventurer's  old  woman  said  departed  with  her  master  for 
his  squire  ? '  'It  is,*  quoth  the  licentiate,  '  and  that  is  our 
Don  Quixote  his  horse/  And  they  knew  him  so  well,  as 
those  that  were  the  curate  and  barber  of  his  own  village, 
and  were  those  that  made  the  search  and  formal  process 
against  the  books  of  chivalry ;  and  therefore,  as  soon  as 
they  had  taken  full  notice  of  Sancho  Panza  and  Rozinante, 
desirous  to  learn  news  of  Don  Quixote,  they  drew  near 
unto  him ;  and  the  curate  called  him  by  his  name,  saying, 
'  Friend  Sancho  Panza,  where  is  your  master  ? '  Sancho 
Panza  knew  them  instantly,  and,  desirous  to  conceal  the 
place  and  manner  wherein  his  lord  remained,  did  answer 
them,  that  his  master  was  in  a  certain  place,  withheld  by 
affairs  for  a  few  days,  that  were  of  great  consequence,  and 
concerned  him  very  much,  and  that  he  durst  not,  for  both 
his  eyes,  discover  the  place  to  them.  '  No,  no,'  quoth  the 
barber,  '  Sancho  Panza,  if  thou  dost  not  tell  us  where  he 
sojourneth,  we  must  imagine  (as  we  do  already)  that  thou 
hast  robbed  and  slain  him,  specially  seeing  thou  comest 
thus  on  his  horse ;  and  therefore  thou  must,  in  good  faith, 
get  us  the  horse's  owner,  or  else  stand  to  thine  answer.' 
*  Your  threats  fear  me  nothing,'  quoth  Sancho ;  '  for  I  am 
not  a  man  that  robs  or  murders  any  one.  Every  man  is 
slain  by  his  destiny,  or  by  God  that  made  him.  My  lord 
remains  doing  of  penance  in  the  midst  of  this  mountain, 
with  very  great  pleasure.'  And  then  he  presently  re- 
counted unto  them,  from  the  beginning  to  the  end,  the 
fashion  wherein  he  had  left  him,  the  adventures  which  had 
befallen,  and  how  he  carried  a  letter  to  the  Lady  Dulcinea 
of  Toboso,  who  was  Lorenzo  Corcuelo  his  daughter,  of 
whom  his  lord  was  enamoured  up  to  the  livers. 

Both  of  them  stood  greatly  admired  at  Sancho's  relation; 
and  although  they  knew  Don  Quixote's  madness  already, 


Chap.  XII  THE   LOST   TABLETS  229 

and  the  kind  thereof,  yet  as  often  as  they  heard  speak 
thereof,  they  rested  newly  amazed.  They  requested 
Sancho  to  show  them  the  letter  that  he  carried  to  the 
Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso.  He  told  them  that  it  was 
written  in  tablets,  and  that  he  had  express  order  from  his 
lord  to  have  it  fairly  copied  out  in  paper,  at  the  first 
village  whereunto  he  should  arrive.  To  which  the  curate 
answered,  bidding  show  it  unto  him,  and  he  would  write 
out  the  copy  very  fairly. 

Then  Sancho  thrust  his  hand  into  his  bosom,  and 
searched  the  little  book,  but  could  not  find  it,  nor  should 
not,  though  he  had  searched  till  Doomsday ;  for  it  was  in 
Don  Quixote's  power,  who  gave  it  not  to  him,  nor  did  he 
ever  remember  to  demand  it.  When  Sancho  perceived 
that  the  book  was  lost,  he  waxed  as  wan  and  pale  as  a  dead 
man,  and,  turning  again  very  speedily  to  feel  all  the  parts 
of  his  body,  he  saw  clearly  that  it  could  not  be  found ; 
and  therefore,  without  making  any  more  ado,  he  laid  hold 
on  his  own  beard  with  both  his  fists,  and  drew  almost  the 
one  half  of  the  hair  away,  and  afterward  bestowed  on  his 
face  and  nose,  in  a  memento,  half  a  dozen  such  cuffs  as  he 
bathed  them  all  in  blood  ;  which  the  curate  and  barber 
beholding,  they  asked  him  what  had  befallen  him,  that  he 
entreated  himself  so  ill.  '  What  should  befall  me,*  answered 
Sancho,  '  but  that  I  have  lost  at  one  hand,  and  in  an  instant, 
three  colts,  whereof  the  least  was  like  a  castle  ? '  '  How 
so,'  quoth  the  barber.  '  Marry,'  said  Sancho,  '  I  have  lost 
the  tablets  wherein  were  written  Dulcinea's  letter,  and  a 
schedule  of  my  lord's,  addressed  to  his  niece,  wherein  he 
commanded  her  to  deliver  unto  me  three  colts,  of  four  or 
five  that  remained  in  his  house.'  And,  saying  so,  he 
recounted  the  loss  of  his  grey  ass.  The  curate  comforted 
him,  and  said  that,  as  soon  as  his  lord  were  found,  he  would 
deal  with  him  to  renew  his  grant,  and  write  it  in  paper, 
according  to  the  common  use  and  practice,  forasmuch  as 
those  which  were  written  in  tablets  were  of  no  value,  and 
would  never  be  accepted  nor  accomplished. 

With  this  Sancho  took  courage,  and  said,  if  that  was  so, 
he  cared  not  much  for  the  loss  of  Dulcinea's  letter  ;  for  he 


230  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

knew  it  almost  all  by  rote.  '  Say  it,  then,  Sancho,'  quoth 
the  barber,  '  and  we  will  after  write  it/  Then  Sancho  stood 
still  and  began  to  scratch  his  head,  to  call  the  letter  to 
memory  ;  and  now  would  he  stand  upon  one  leg,  and  now 
upon  another.  Sometimes  he  looked  on  the  earth,  other 
whiles  upon  heaven  ;  and  after  he  had  gnawed  off  almost 
the  half  of  one  of  his  nails,  and  held  them  all  the  while 
suspended,  expecting  his  recital  thereof,  he  said,  after  a  long 
pause  :  *  On  my  soul,  master  licentiate,  I  give  to  the  devil 
anything  that  I  can  remember  of  that  letter,  although  the 
beginning  was  thus  :  "  High  and  unsavoury  lady."  '  '  I 
warrant  you,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  he  said  not  but  "  super- 
human "  or  ^'  sovereign  lady."  ' 

'  It  is  so,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  and  presently  followed,  if  I 
well  remember  :  ''  He  that  is  wounded  and  wants  sleep, 
and  the  hurt  man  doth  kiss  your  worship's  hands,  ingrate 
and  very  scornful  fair  "  ;  and  thus  he  went  roving  until  he 
ended  in,  ^'  Yours  until  death,  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured 
Face."  '  Both  of  them  took  great  delight  to  see  Sancho's 
good  memory,  and  praised  it  to  him  very  much,  and 
requested  him  to  repeat  the  letter  once  or  twice  more  to 
them,  that  they  might  also  bear  it  in  memory,  to  write  it 
at  the  due  season.  Sancho  turned  to  recite  it  again  and 
again,  and  at  every  repetition  said  other  three  thousand 
errors.  And  after  this  he  told  other  things  of  his  lord, 
but  spoke  not  a  word  of  his  own  tossing  in  a  coverlet, 
which  had  befallen  him  in  that  inn  into  which  he  refused  to 
enter.  He  added  besides,  how  his  lord,  in  bringing  him  a 
good  despatch  from  his  Lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  would 
forthwith  set  out  to  endeavour  how  he  might  become  an 
emperor,  or  at  the  least  a  monarch  ;  for  they  had  so  agreed 
between  themselves  both,  and  it  was  a  very  easy  matter  for 
him  to  become  one,  such  was  the  valour  of  his  person  and 
strength  of  his  arm  ;  and  that  when  he  were  one,  he  would 
procure  him  a  good  marriage  ;  for  by  that  time  he  should 
be  a  widower  at  the  least  ;  and  he  would  give  him  one  of  the 
emperor's  ladies  to  wife,  that  were  an  inheritrix  of  some 
great  and  rich  state  on  the  firm  land,  for  now  he  would 
have  no  more  islands.     And  all  this  was  related  so  seriously 


Chap.  XII       SANCHO   AND   THE   CURATE  231 

by  Sancho,  and  so  in  his  perfect  sense,  he  scratching  his 
nose  ever  and  anon  as  he  spoke,  so  as  the  two  were 
stricken  into  a  new  amazement,  pondering  the  vehemence 
of  Don  Quixote's  frenzy,  which  carried  quite  away  with  it 
in  that  sort  the  judgment  of  that  poor  man,  but  would  not 
labour  to  dispossess  him  of  that  error,  because  it  seemed  to 
them  that,  since  it  did  not  hurt  his  conscience,  it  was  better 
to  leave  him  in  it,  that  the  recital  of  his  follies  might  turn 
to  their  greater  recreation  ;  and  therefore  exhorted  him  to 
pray  for  the  health  of  his  lord  ;  for  it  was  a  very  possible 
and  contingent  thing  to  arrive  in  the  process  of  time  to  the 
dignity  of  an  emperor,  as  he  said,  or  at  least  to  that  of  an 
archbishop,  or  other  calling  equivalent  to  it. 

Then  Sancho  demanded  of  them,  *  Sirs,  if  fortune 
should  turn  our  affairs  to  another  course,  in  such  sort  as 
my  lord,  abandoning  the  purpose  to  purchase  an  empire, 
would  take  in  his  head  that  of  becoming  a  cardinal,  I 
would  fain  learn  of  you  here,  what  cardinals-errant  are 
wont  to  give  to  their  squires  ? '  '  They  are  wont  to  give 
them,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  some  simple  benefice,  or  some 
parsonage,  or  to  make  them  clerks  or  sextons,  or  vergers 
of  some  church,  whose  living  amounts  to  a  good  penny- 
rent,  beside  the  profit  of  the  altar,  which  is  ofttimes  as 
much  more/  '  For  that  it  is  requisite,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  that  the  squire  be  not  married,  and  that  he  know  how  to 
help  mass  at  least ;  and  if  that  be  so,  unfortunate  I  !  that 
both  am  married,  and  knows  not  besides  the  first  letter  of 
the  ABC,  what  will  then  become  of  me,  if  my  master 
take  the  humour  to  be  an  archbishop,  and  not  an  emperor, 
as  is  the  custom  and  use  of  knights-errant  ? '  'Do  not 
afHict  thy  mind  for  that,  friend  Sancho,'  quoth  the  barber ; 
'  for  we  will  deal  with  thy  lord  here,  and  we  will  counsel 
him,  yea,  we  will  urge  it  to  him  as  a  matter  of  conscience, 
that  he  become  an  emperor,  and  not  an  archbishop  ;  for  it 
will  be  more  easy  for  him  to  be  such  a  one,  by  reason  that 
he  is  more  valorous  than  learned.' 

'  So  methinks,'  quoth  Sancho, '  although  I  know  he  hath 
ability  enough  for  all.  That  which  I  mean  to  do  for  my 
part  is,  I  will  pray  unto  our  Lord  to  conduct  him  to  that 


232  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

place  wherein  he  may  serve  Him  best,  and  give  me 
greatest  rewards.'  '  Thou  speakest  like  a  discreet  man/ 
quoth  the  curate,  '  and  thou  shalt  do  therein  the  duty  of  a 
good  Christian.  But  that  which  we  must  endeavour  now 
is,  to  devise  how  we  may  win  thy  lord  from  prosecuting 
that  unprofitable  penance  he  hath  in  hand,  as  thou  sayst ; 
and  to  the  end  we  may  think  on  the  manner  how,  and  eat 
our  dinner  withal,  seeing  it  is  time,  let  us  all  enter  into  the 
inn.'  Sancho  bade  them  go  in,  and  he  would  stay  for 
them  at  the  door,  and  that  he  would  after  tell  them  the 
reason  why  he  had  no  mind  to  enter,  neither  was  it  in  any 
sort  convenient  that  he  should  ;  but  he  entreated  them  to 
bring  him  somewhat  forth  to  eat  that  were  warm,  and 
some  provand  for  Rozinante.  With  that  they  departed 
into  the  lodging,  and  within  a  while  after  the  barber 
brought  forth  unto  him  some  meat.  And  the  curate  and 
the  barber,  after  having  pondered  well  with  themselves 
what  course  they  were  to  take  to  attain  their  design,  the 
curate  fell  on  a  device  very  fit  both  for  Don  Quixote's 
humour,  and  also  to  bring  their  purpose  to  pass ;  and  was, 
as  he  told  the  barber,  that  he  had  bethought  him  to 
apparel  himself  like  a  lady  adventurous,  and  that  he  there- 
fore should  do  the  best  that  he  could  to  fit  himself  like  a 
squire,  and  that  they  would  go  in  that  habit  to  the  place 
where  Don  Quixote  sojourned,  feigning  that  she  was  an 
afflicted  and  distressed  damsel,  and  would  demand  a  boon 
of  him,  which  he,  as  a  valorous  knight-errant,  would  in 
no  wise  deny  her  ;  and  that  the  gift  which  he  meant  to 
desire,  was  to  entreat  him  to  follow  her  where  she  would 
carry  him,  to  right  a  wrong  which  a  naughty  knight  had 
done  unto  her  ;  and  that  she  would  besides  pray  him  not 
to  command  her  to  unmask  herself,  or  inquire  anything 
of  her  estate,  until  he  had  done  her  right  against  that 
bad  knight.  Any  by  this  means  he  certainly  hoped  that 
Don  Quixote  would  grant  all  that  he  requested  in  this 
manner.  And  in  this  sort  they  would  fetch  him  from 
thence  and  bring  him  to  his  village,  where  they  would 
labour  with  all  their  power  to  see  whether  his  extravagant 
frenzy  could  be  recovered  by  any  remedy. 


Chap.  XIII  SANCHO   RETURNS  233 


CHAPTER  XIII 

How  the  Curate  and  the  Barber  put  their  design  in  practice^ 
with  many  other  things  worthy  to  be  recorded  in  this 
Famous  History 

The  curate's  invention  disliked  not  the  barber,  but  rather 
pleased  him  so  well  as  they  presently  put  it  in  execution. 
They  borrowed,  therefore,  of  the  innkeeper's  wife  a  gown 
and  a  kerchief,  leaving  her  in  pawn  thereof  a  fair  new 
cassock  of  the  curate's.  The  barber  made  him  a  great 
beard  of  a  pied  ox's  tail,  wherein  the  innkeeper  was  wont 
to  hang  his  horse's  comb.  The  hostess  demanded  of  them 
the  occasion  why  they  would  use  these  things.  The  curate 
recounted  in  brief,  reasons  of  Don  Quixote's  madness,  and 
how  that  disguisement  was  requisite  to  bring  him  away 
from  the  mountain  wherein  at  that  present  he  made  his 
abode. 

Presently  the  innkeeper  and  his  wife  remembered  them- 
selves how  he  had  been  their  guest,  and  of  his  balsam,  and 
was  the  tossed  squire's  lord  ;  and  then  they  rehearsed 
again  to  the  curate  all  that  had  passed  between  him  and 
them  in  that  inn,  without  omitting  the  accident  that  had 
befallen  Sancho  himself ;  and  in  conclusion  the  hostess 
tricked  up  the  curate  so  handsomely  as  there  could  be  no 
more  desired  ;  for  she  attired  him  in  a  gown  of  broadcloth, 
laid  over  with  guards  of  black  velvet,  each  being  a  span 
breadth,  full  of  gashes  and  cuts  ;  the  bodice  and  sleeves  of 
green  velvet,  welted  with  white  satin  ;  which  gown  and 
doublet,  as  I  suspect,  were  both  made  in  the  time  of  King 
Bamba.  The  curate  would  not  permit  them  to  veil  and 
bekerchief  him,  but  set  on  his  head  a  white  quilted  linen 
nightcap,  which  he  carried  for  the  night,  and  girded  his 
forehead  with  a  black  taffeta  garter,  and  with  the  other  he 
masked  his  face,  wherewithal  he  covered  his  beard  and 
visage  very  neatly;  then  did  he  encasque  his  pate  in  his  hat, 
which  was  so  broad,  as  it  might  serve  him  excellently  for  a 


234  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

quitasoll ;  and  lapping  himself  up  handsomely  in  his  long 
cloak,  he  went  to  horse,  and  rode  as  women  use.     Then 
mounted  the  barber  likewise  on  his  mule,  with  his  beard 
hanging  down  to  the  girdle,  half  red  and  half  white,  as 
that  which,  as  we  have  said,  was  made  of  the  tail  of  a  pied- 
coloured  ox  ;  then  taking  leave  of  them  all,  and  of  the 
good  Maritornes,  who  promised  (although  a  sinner)  to  say 
a  rosary  to  their  intention,  to  the  end  that  God  might  give 
them  good  success  in  so  Christian  and  difficult  an  adven- 
ture as  that  which  they  undertook.     But  scarce  were  they 
gone  out  of  the  inn,  when  the  curate  began  to  dread  a  little 
that  he  had  done  ill  in  apparelling  himself  in  that  wise, 
accounting  it  a  very  indecent  thing  that  a  priest  should 
dight  himself  so,  although  the  matter  concerned  him  never 
so  much.     And  acquainting  the  barber  with  his  surmise, 
he  entreated  him  that  they  might  change  attires,  seeing  it 
was  much  more  just  that  he,  because  a  layman,   should 
feign  the  oppressed  lady,  and  himself  would  become  his 
squire,   for   so   his   dignity   would  be  less   profaned  ;    to 
which,  if  he  would  not  condescend,  he  resolved  to  pass  on 
no  farther,  although  the  devil  should  carry  therefore  Don 
Quixote   away.      Sancho  came   over   to   them   about   this 
season,  and  seeing  them  in  that  habit,  he  could  not  contain 
his  laughter.     The  barber  (to  be  brief)  did  all  that  which 
the  curate  pleased,  and  making  thus  an  exchange  of  inven- 
tions, the  curate  instructed  him   how  he  should   behave 
himself,  and  what  words  he  should  use  to  Don  Quixote 
to   press   and   move  him   to    come    away  with   him,   and 
forsake  the  propension  and  love  of  that  place  which  he  had 
chosen  to  perform  his  vain  penance. 

The  barber  answered,  that  he  would  set  everything  in 
his  due  point  and  perfection,  though  he  had  never  lessoned 
him,  but  would  not  set  on  the  array  until  they  came  near 
to  the  place  where  Don  Quixote  abode  ;  and  therefore 
folded  up  his  clothes,  and  master  parson  his  beard,  and 
forthwith  went  on  their  way  ;  Sancho  Panza  playing  the 
guide,  who  recounted  at  large  to  them  all  that  had 
happened  with  the  madman  whom  they  found  in  the 
mountain  ;  concealing,  notwithstanding,  the  booty  of  the 


Chap.  XIII  SANCHO   RETURNS  235 

malet,  with  the  other  things  found  therein  ;  for,  although 
otherwise  most  simple,  yet  was  our  young  man  an  ordinary 
vice  of  fools,  and  had  a  spice  of  covetousness. 

They  arrived  the  next  day  following  to  the  place  where 
Sancho  had  left  the  tokens  of  boughs,  to  find  that  wherein 
his  master  sojourned  ;  and  having  taken  notice  thereof,  he 
said  unto  them  that  that  was  the  entry,  and  therefore  they 
might  do  well  to  apparel  themselves,  if  by  change  that 
might  be  a  mean  to  procure  his  lord's  liberty;  for  they  had 
told  him  already,  that  on  their  going  and  apparelling  in 
that  manner  consisted  wholly  the  hope  of  freeing  his  lord 
out  of  that  wretched  life  he  had  chosen  ;  and  therefore 
did  charge  him,  on  his  life,  not  to  reveal  to  his  lord  in  any 
case  what  they  were,  nor  seem  in  any  sort  to  know  them  ; 
and  that  if  he  demanded  (as  they  were  sure  he  would) 
whether  he  had  delivered  his  letter  to  Dulcinea,  he  should 
say  he  did,  and  that  by  reason  she  could  not  read,  she 
answered  him  by  word  of  mouth,  saying  that  she  com- 
manded, under  pain  of  her  indignation,  that  presently 
abandoning  so  austere  a  life,  he  would  come  and  see  her ; 
for  this  was  most  requisite,  to  the  end  that  moved  there- 
withal, and  by  what  they  meant  likewise  to  say  unto  him, 
they  made  certain  account  to  reduce  him  to  a  better  life, 
and  would  besides  persuade  him  to  that  course  instantly, 
which  might  set  him  in  the  way  to  become  an  emperor  or 
monarch ;  for  as  concerning  the  being  an  archbishop,  he 
needed  not  to  fear  it  at  all. 

Sancho  listened  to  all  the  talk  and  instruction,  and  bore 
them  away  well  in  memory,  and  gave  them  great  thanks 
for  the  intention  they  had  to  counsel  his  lord  to  become 
an  emperor,  and  not  an  archbishop ;  for,  as  he  said,  he 
imagined  in  his  simple  judgment,  that  an  emperor  was  of 
more  ability  to  reward  his  squire  than  an  archbishop-errant. 
He  likewise  added,  that  he  thought  it  were  necessary  he 
went  somewhat  before  them  to  search  him,  and  deliver  his 
lady's  answer ;  for  perhaps  it  alone  would  be  sufficient  to 
fetch  him  out  of  that  place,  without  putting  them  to  any 
further  pains.  They  liked  of  Sancho  Panza's  device,  and 
therefore  determined  to  expect  him  until  his  return  with  the 


2s6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

news  of  finding  his  master.  With  that  Sancho  entered  in 
by  the  clefts  of  the  rocks  (leaving  them  both  behind  to- 
gether), by  which  ran  a  little  smooth  stream,  to  which 
other  rocks,  and  some  trees  that  grew  near  unto  it,  made 
a  fresh  and  pleasing  shadow.  The  heats,  and  the  day 
wherein  they  arrived  there,  was  one  of  those  of  the  month 
of  August,  when  in  those  places  the  heat  is  intolerable  ; 
the  hour,  about  three  in  the  afternoon  :  all  which  did 
render  the  place  more  grateful,  and  invited  them  to  re- 
main therein  until  Sancho's  return.  Both,  therefore,  resting 
there  quietly  under  the  shadow,  there  arrived  to  their 
hearing  the  sound  of  a  voice,  which,  without  being  accom- 
panied by  any  instrument,  did  resound  so  sweet  and  melo- 
diously, as  they  remained  greatly  admired,  because  they 
esteemed  not  that  to  be  a  place  wherein  any  so  good  a 
musician  might  make  his  abode ;  for,  although  it  is 
usually  said  that  in  the  woods  and  fields  are  found 
shepherds  of  excellent  voices,  yet  is  this  rather  a  poetical 
endearment  than  an  approved  truth ;  and  most  of  all  when 
they  perceived  that  the  verses  they  heard  him  singing  were 
not  of  rustic  composition,  but  rather  of  delicate  and 
courtly  invention.  The  truth  whereof  is  confirmed  by 
the  verses,  which  were  these : 

*Who  doth  my  weal  diminish  thus  and  stain? 

Disdain. 
And  say  by  whom  my  woes  augmented  be  ? 

By  jealousy. 
And  who  my  patience  doth  by  trial  wrong  ? 

An  absence  long. 
If  that  be  so,  then  for  my  grievous  wrong, 
No  remedy  at  all  I  may  obtain, 
Since  my  best  hopes  I  cruelly  find  slain 
By  disdain,  jealousy,  and  absence  long. 

*  Who  in  my  mind  those  dolors  still  doth  move  ? 

Dire  love. 
And  who  my  glory's  ebb  doth  most  importune  ? 

Fortune. 
And  to  my  plaints  by  whom  increase  is  giv'n  ? 

By  Heav'n. 
If  that  be  so,  then  my  mistrust  jumps  ev'n, 
That  of  my  wondrous  evil  I  needs  must  die; 


Chap.  XIII  A  HIDDEN   SINGER  237 

Since  in  my  harm  join'd  and  united  be, 
Love,  wavering  fortune,  and  a  rigorous  Heaven. 

*  Who  better  hap  can  unto  me  bequeath  ? 

Death. 
From  whom  his  favours  doth  not  love  estrange  ? 

From  change. 
And  his  too  serious  harms,  who  cureth  wholly? 

Folly. 
If  that  be  so,  it  is  no  wisdom  truly, 
To  think  by  human  means  to  cure  that  care. 
Where  the  only  antidotes  and  med'cines  are 
Desired  death,  light  change,  and  endless  folly.' 

The  hour,  the  time,  the  solitariness  of  the  place,  voice, 
and  art  of  him  that  sung,  struck  wonder  and  delight  in 
the  hearers'  minds,  which  remained  still  quiet,  listening 
whether  they  might  hear  anything  else  ;  but,  perceiving 
that  the  silence  continued  a  pretty  while,  they  agreed  to 
issue  and  seek  out  the  musician  that  sung  so  harmoniously  ; 
and  being  ready  to  put  their  resolution  in  practice,  they 
were  again  arrested  by  the  same  voice,  the  which  touched 
their  ears  anew  with  this  sonnet  : 

A  SONNET. 

'  Holy  amity  !   which,  with  nimble  wings, 
Thy  semblance  leaving  here  on  earth  behind^ 
Among  the  blessed  souls  of  heaven,  up-flings, 
To  those  imperial  rooms  to  cheer  thy  mind  : 
And  thence  to  us,  is  (when  thou  lik'st)  assign'd 
Just  Peace,  whom  shady  veil  so  covered  brings ; 
As  oft,  instead  of  her,  Deceit  we  find 
Clad  in  the  weeds  of  good  and  virtuous  things. 
Leave  heaven,  O  amity !   do  not  permit 
Foul  Fraud  thus  openly  thy  robes  to  invest ; 
With  which^  sincere  intents  destroy  does  it  : 
For  if  thy  likeness  from  it  thou  dost  not  wrest. 
The  world  will  turn  to  the  first  conflict  soon, 
Of  discord,  chaos,  and  confusion.' 

The  song  was  concluded  with  a  profound  sigh,  and  both 
the  others  lent  attentive  ear  to  hear  if  he  would  sing  any 
more  ;  but  perceiving  that  the  music  was  converted  into 
throbs  and  doleful  plaints,  they  resolved  to  go  and  learn 
who  was  the  wretch,  as  excellent  for  his  voice  as  dolorous 


238  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

in  his  sighs.  And  after  they  had  gone  a  little,  at  the 
doubling  of  the  point  of  a  crag,  they  perceived  one  of  the 
very  same  form  and  fashion  that  Sancho  had  painted  unto 
them  when  he  told  them  the  history  of  Cardenio  ;  which 
man  espying  them  likewise,  showed  no  semblance  of  fear, 
but  stood  still  with  his  head  hanging  on  his  breast  like  a 
malcontent,  not  once  lifting  up  his  eyes  to  behold  them 
from  the  first  time  when  they  unexpectedly  arrived. 

The  curate,  who  was  a  man  very  well  spoken  (as  one 
that  had  already  intelligence  of  his  misfortune  ;  for  he 
knew  him  by  his  signs),  drew  nearer  to  him,  and  prayed 
and  persuaded  him,  with  short  but  very  forcible  reasons, 
to  forsake  that  miserable  life,  lest  he  should  there  eternally 
lose  it,  which  of  all  miseries  would  prove  the  most  miser- 
able. Cardenio  at  this  season  was  in  his  right  sense,  free 
from  the  furious  accident  that  distracted  him  so  often  ; 
and  therefore,  viewing  them  both  attired  in  so  strange  and 
unusual  a  fashion  from  that  which  was  usred  among  those 
deserts,  he  rested  somewhat  admired,  but  chiefly  hearing 
them  speak  in  his  affair,  as  in  a  matter  known  (for  so  much 
he  gathered  out  of  the  curate's  speeches)  ;  and  therefore 
answered  in  this  manner  :  '  I  perceive  well,  good  sirs 
(whosoever  you  be),  that  Heaven,  which  hath  always  care 
to  succour  good  men  ;  yea,  even,  and  the  wicked  many 
times,  hath,  without  any  desert,  addressed  unto  me  by 
these  deserts  and  places  so  remote  from  vulgar  haunt, 
persons  which,  laying  before  mine  eyes  with  quick  and 
pregnant  reasons  the  little  I  have  to  lead  this  kind  of  life, 
do  labour  to  remove  me  from  this  place  to  a  better  ;  and 
by  reason  they  know  not  as  much  as  I  do,  and  that  after 
escaping  this  harm  I  shall  fall  into  a  far  greater,  they 
account  me  perhaps  for  a  man  of  weak  discourse,  and 
what  is  worse,  for  one  wholly  devoid  of  judgment.  And 
were  it  so,  yet  is  it  no  marvel ;  for  it  seems  to  me  that  the 
force  of  the  imagination  of  my  disasters  is  so  bent  and 
powerful  in  my  destruction,  that  I,  without  being  able  to 
make  it  any  resistance,  do  become  like  a  stone,  void  of  all 
good  feeling  and  knowledge.  And  I  come  to  know  the 
certainty  of  this  truth  when  some  men  do   recount   and 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO   AND   THE   CURATE  239 

show  unto  me  tokens  of  the  things  I  have  done  whilst 
this  terrible  accident  overrules  me ;  and  after  I  can  do  no 
more  than  be  grieved,  though  in  vain,  and  curse,  without 
benefit,  my  too  froward  fortune,  and  render  as  an  excuse 
of  my  madness  the  relation  of  the  cause  thereof  to  as  many 
as  please  to  hear  it ;  for  wise  men  perceiving  the  cause  will 
not  wonder  at  the  effects,  and  though  they  give  me  no 
remedy,  yet  at  least  will  not  condemn  me ;  for  it  will 
convert  the  anger  they  conceive  at  my  misrules  into  com- 
passion of  my  disgraces.  And,  sirs,  if  by  chance  it  be  so 
that  you  come  with  the  same  intention  that  others  did,  I 
request  you,  ere  you  enlarge  further  your  discreet  persua- 
sions, that  you  will  give  ear  awhile  to  the  relation  of  my 
mishaps ;  for  perhaps,  when  you  have  understood  it,  you 
may  save  the  labour  that  you  would  take,  comforting  an 
evil  wholly  incapable  of  consolation.' 

Both  of  them,  which  desired  nothing  so  much  [as]  to 
understand  from  his  own  mouth  the  occasion  of  his  harms, 
did  entreat  him  to  relate  it,  promising  to  do  nothing  else  in 
his  remedy  or  comfort  but  what  himself  pleased.  And  with 
this  the  sorrowful  gentleman  began  his  doleful  history,  with 
the  very  same  words  almost  that  he  had  rehearsed  it  to  Don 
Quixote  and  the  goatherd  a  few  days  past,  when,  by  occa- 
sion of  Master  Elisabat  and  Don  Quixote's  curiosity  in 
observing  the  decorum  of  chivalry,  the  tale  remained 
imperfect,  as  our  history  left  it  above.  But  now  good 
fortune  so  disposed  things,  that  his  foolish  fit  came  not 
upon  him,  but  gave  him  leisure  to  continue  his  story  to 
the  end ;  and  so  arriving  to  the  passage  that  spoke  of  the 
letter  Don  Fernando  found  in  the  book  of  Amadis  de 
Gaul,  Cardenio  said  that  he  had  it  very  well  in  memory, 
and  the  sense  was  this : 

'"LuciNDA  TO  Cardenio. 

'  "  I  discover  daily  in  thee  worths  that  oblige  and 
enforce  me  to  hold  thee  dear;  and  therefore,  if  thou 
desirest  to  have  me  discharge  this  debt,  without  serving 
a  writ  on  my  honour,  thou  mayst  easily  do  it.  I  have  a 
father  that  knows  thee,  and  loves  me  likewise  well,  who, 


240  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

without  forcing  my  will,  will  accomplish  that  which  justly 
thou  oughtest  to  have,  if  it  be  so  that  thou  esteemest  me 
as  much  as  thou  sayst,  and  I  do  believe." 

*  This  letter  moved  me  to  demand  Lucinda  of  her 
father  for  my  wife,  as  I  have  already  recounted ;  and  by 
it  also  Lucinda  remained  in  Don  Fernando's  opinion 
crowned  for  one  of  the  most  discreet  women  of  her  time. 
And  this  billet  letter  was  that  which  first  put  him  in  mind 
to  destroy  me  ere  I  could  effect  my  desires.  I  told  to 
Don  Fernando  wherein  consisted  all  the  difficulty  of  her 
father's  protracting  of  the  marriage,  to  wit,  in  that  my 
father  should  first  demand  her ;  the  which  I  dared  not 
to  mention  unto  him,  fearing  lest  he  would  not  willingly 
consent  thereunto  ;  not  for  that  the  quality,  bounty,  virtue, 
and  beauty  of  Lucinda  were  to  him  unknown,  or  that  she 
had  not  parts  in  her  able  to  ennoble  and  adorn  any  other 
lineage  of  Spain  whatsoever,  but  because  I  understood  by 
him,  that  he  desired  not  to  marry  me  until  he  had  seen 
what  Duke  Ricardo  would  do  for  me.  Finally,  I  told 
him  that  I  dared  not  reveal  it  to  my  father,  as  well  for 
that  inconvenience,  as  for  many  others  that  made  me  so 
afraid,  without  knowing  what  they  were,  as  methought  my 
desires  would  never  take  effect. 

*  To  all  this  Don  Fernando  made  me  answer,  that  he 
would  take  upon  him  to  speak  to  my  father,  and  persuade 
him  to  treat  of  that  affair  also  with  Lucinda's.  O  ambitious 
Marius !  O  cruel  Catiline !  O  facinorous  Sylla !  O 
treacherous  Galalon  !  O  traitorous  Vellido  !  O  revenge- 
ful Julian  !  ^  O  covetous  Judas  !  Traitor,  cruel,  revenge- 
ful, and  cozening,  what  indeserts  did  this  wench  commit, 
who  with  such  plaints  discovered  to  thee  the  secrets  and 
delights  of  her  heart  ?  What  offence  committed  I  against 
thee  ?  What  words  did  I  speak,  or  counsel  did  I  give, 
that  were  not  all  addressed  to  the  increasing  of  thine 
honour  and  profit  ?  But  on  what  do  I  (the  worst  of  all 
wretches  !)  complain  ?  seeing  that  when  the  current  of  the 

1  One  who,  for  the  rape  of  his  daughter,  committed  by  Roderick,  king 
of  Spain,  brought  in  the  Moors,  and  destroyed  all  the  country. 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S   STORY  241 

stars  doth  bring  with  it  mishaps,  by  reason  they  come  down 
precipitately  from  above,  there  is  no  earthly  force  can 
withhold,  or  human  industry  prevent  or  evacuate  them. 
Who  would  have  imagined  that  Don  Fernando,  a  noble 
gentleman,  discreet,  obliged  by  my  deserts,  and  powerful 
to  obtain  whatsoever  the  amorous  desire  would  exact  of 
him,  where  and  whensoever  it  seized  on  his  heart,  would 
(as  they  say)  become  so  corrupt  as  to  deprive  me  of  one 
only  sheep,  which  yet  I  did  not  possess  ?  But  let  these 
considerations  be  laid  apart  as  unprofitable,  that  we  may- 
knit  up  again  the  broken  thread  of  my  unfortunate 
history.  And  therefore  I  say  that,  Don  Fernando  believ- 
ing that  my  presence  was  a  hindrance  to  put  his  treacherous 
and  wicked  design  in  execution,  he  resolved  to  send  me  to 
his  eldest  brother,  under  pretext  to  get  some  money  of 
him  for  to  buy  six  great  horses,  that  he  had  of  purpose, 
and  only  to  the  end  I  might  absent  myself,  bought  the 
very  same  day  that  he  offered  to  speak  himself  to  my 
father,  and  would  have  me  go  for  the  money,  because  he 
might  bring  his  treacherous  intent  the  better  to  pass. 
Could  I  prevent  this  treason  ?  Or  could  I  perhaps  but 
once  imagine  it  ?  No,  truly ;  but  rather,  glad  for  the 
good  merchandise  he  had  made,  did  make  proffer  of 
myself  to  depart  for  the  money  very  willingly.  I  spoke 
that  night  to  Lucinda,  and  acquainted  her  with  the 
agreement  passed  between  me  and  Don  Fernando,  bidding 
her  to  hope  firmly  that  our  good  just  desires  would  sort 
a  wished  and  happy  end.  She  answered  me  again  (as  little 
suspecting  Don  Fernando's  treason  as  myself),  bidding 
me  to  return  with  all  speed,  because  she  believed  that  the 
conclusion  of  our  affections  should  be  no  longer  deferred 
than  my  father  deferred  to  speak  unto  hers.  And  what 
was  the  cause  I  know  not,  but  as  soon  as  she  had  said  this 
unto  me,  her  eyes  were  filled  with  tears,  and  somewhat 
thwarting  her  throat,  hindered  her  from  saying  many  other 
things,  which  methought  she  strived  to  speak. 

'  I  rested  admired  at  this  new  accident,  until  that  time 
never  seen  in  her  ;  for  always,  as  many  times  as  my  good 
fortune  and  diligence  granted  it,  we  conversed  with  all 
I.  Q 


242  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  III 

sport  and  delight,  without  ever  intermeddling  in  our 
discourses  any  tears,  sighs,  complaints,  suspicions,  or  fears. 
All  my  speech  was  to  advance  my  fortune  for  having 
received  her  from  Heaven  as  my  lady  and  mistress  ;  then 
would  I  amplify  her  beauty,  admire  her  worth,  and  praise 
her  discretion.  She,  on  the  other  side,  would  return  me 
the  exchange,  extolling  in  me  what  she,  as  one  enamoured, 
accounted  worthy  of  laud  and  commendation.  After  this 
we  would  recount  a  hundred  thousand  toys  and  chances 
befallen  our  neighbours  and  acquaintance ;  and  that  to 
which  my  presumption  dared  furthest  to  extend  itself,  was 
sometimes  to  take  her  beautiful  and  ivory  hands  perforce, 
and  kiss  them  as  well  as  I  might,  through  the  rigorous 
strictness  of  a  niggardly  iron  grate  which  divided  us.  But 
the  precedent  night  to  the  day  of  my  sad  departure,  she 
wept,  sobbed,  and  sighed,  and  departed,  leaving  me  full  of 
confusion  and  inward  assaults,  amazed  to  behold  such  new 
and  doleful  tokens  of  sorrow  and  feeling  in  Lucinda.  But 
because  I  would  not  murder  my  hopes,  I  did  attribute  all 
these  things  to  the  force  of  her  affection  towards  me,  and 
to  the  grief  which  absence  is  wont  to  stir  in  those  that  love 
one  another  dearly.  To  be  brief,  I  departed  from  thence 
sorrowful  and  pensive,  my  soul  being  full  of  imaginations 
and  suspicions,  and  yet  knew  not  what  I  suspected  or 
imagined :  clear  tokens,  foretelling  the  sad  success  and 
misfortune  which  attended  me.  I  arrived  to  the  place 
where  I  was  sent,  and  delivered  my  letter  to  Don  Fer- 
nando's  brother,  and  was  well  entertained,  but  not  well 
despatched ;  for  he  commanded  me  to  expect  (a  thing  to 
me  most  displeasing)  eight  days,  and  that  out  of  the  duke 
his  father's  presence,  because  his  brother  had  written  unto 
him  to  send  him  certain  moneys  unknown  to  his  father. 
And  all  this  was  but  false  Don  Fernando's  invention ; 
for  his  brother  wanted  not  money  wherewithal  to  have 
despatched  me  presently,  had  not  he  written  the  contrary. 
'  This  was  so  displeasing  a  commandment  and  order,  as 
almost  it  brought  me  to  terms  of  disobeying  it,  because  it 
seemed  to  me  a  thing  most  impossible  to  sustain  my  life  so 
many  days  in  the  absence  of  my  Lucinda,  and  specially 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S   STORY  243 

having  left  her  so  sorrowful  as  I  have  recounted  ;  yet, 
notwithstanding,  I  did  obey  like  a  good  servant,  although 
I  knew  it  would  be  with  the  cost  of  my  health.  But  on 
the  fourth  day  after  I  had  arrived,  there  came  a  man  in  my 
search  with  a  letter,  which  he  delivered  unto  me,  and  by 
the  endorsement  I  knew  it  to  be  Lucinda's ;  for  the  hand 
was  like  hers.  I  opened  it  (not  without  fear  and  assail- 
ment  of  my  senses),  knowing  that  it  must  have  been  some 
serious  occasion  which  could  move  her  to  write  unto  me, 
being  absent,  seeing  she  did  it  so  rarely  even  when  I  was 
present.  I  demanded  of  the  bearer,  before  I  read,  who 
had  delivered  it  to  him,  and  what  time  he  had  spent  in  the 
way.  He  answered  me,  ^'  that  passing  by  chance  at  mid- 
day through  a  street  of  the  city,  a  very  beautiful  lady  did 
call  him  from  a  certain  window.  Her  eyes  were  all  be- 
blubbered  with  tears,  and  said  unto  him  very  hastily, 
'  Brother,  if  thou  beest  a  Christian,  as  thou  appearest  to  be 
one,  I  pray  thee,  for  God's  sake,  that  thou  do  forthwith 
address  this  letter  to  the  place  and  person  that  the  super- 
scription assigneth  (for  they  be  well  known),  and  therein 
thou  shalt  do  our  Lord  great  service;  and  because  thou 
mayst  not  want  means  to  do  it,  take  what  thou  shalt  find 
wrapped  in  that  handkerchief.'  And,  saying  so,  she  threw 
out  of  the  window  a  handkerchief,  wherein  were  lapped  up 
a  hundred  reals,  this  ring  of  gold  which  I  carry  here,  and 
that  letter  which  I  delivered  unto  you;  and  presently, 
without  expecting  mine  answer,  she  departed,  but  first  saw 
me  take  up  the  handkerchief  and  letter,  and  then  I  made 
her  signs  that  I  would  accomplish  herein  her  command. 
And  after,  perceiving  the  pains  I  might  take  in  bringing 
you  it  so  well  considered,  and  seeing  by  the  endorsement 
that  you  were  the  man  to  whom  it  was  addressed, — for,  sir, 
I  know  you  very  well, — and  also  obliged  to  do  it  by  the 
tears  of  that  beautiful  lady,  I  determined  not  to  trust  any 
other  with  it,  but  to  come  and  bring  it  you  myself  in 
person ;  and  in  sixteen  hours  since  it  was  given  unto  me, 
I  have  travelled  the  journey  you  know,  which  is  at  least 
eighteen  leagues  long."  Whilst  the  thankful  new  mes- 
senger   spake   thus   unto    me,   I    remained  in  a  manner 


244  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

hanging  on  his  words,  and  my  thighs  did  tremble  in  such 
manner  as  I  could  very  hardly  sustain  myself  on  foot ; 
yet,  taking  courage,  at  last  I  opened  the  letter,  whereof 
these  were  the  contents : 

'  "The  word  that  Don  Fernando  hath  passed  unto  you  to 
speak  to  your  father,  that  he  might  speak  to  mine,  he 
hath  accomplished  more  to  his  own  pleasure  than  to  your 
profit.  For,  sir,  you  shall  understand  that  he  hath  de- 
manded me  for  his  wife ;  and  my  father  (borne  away  by 
the  advantage  of  worths  which  he  supposes  to  be  in  Don 
Fernando  more  than  in  you)  hath  agreed  to  his  demand  in 
so  good  earnest,  as  the  espousals  shall  be  celebrated  within 
these  two  days,  and  that  so  secretly  and  alone  as  only  the 
heavens  and  some  folk  of  the  house  shall  be  witnesses. 
How  I  remain,  imagine,  and  whether  it  be  convenient  you 
should  return,  you  may  consider;  and  the  success  of  this 
affair  shall  let  you  to  perceive  whether  I  love  you  well  or 
no.  I  beseech  Almighty  God  that  this  may  arrive  unto 
your  hands  before  mine  shall  be  in  danger  to  join  itself 
with  his,  which  keepeth  his  promised  faith  so  ill." 

'  These  were,  in  sum,  the  contents  of  the  letter,  and  the 
motives  that  persuaded  me  presently  to  depart,  without 
attending  any  other  answer  or  other  moneys ;  for  then  I 
conceived  clearly  that  it  was  not  the  buyal  of  the  horses, 
but  that  of  his  delights,  which  had  moved  Don  Fernando 
to  send  me  to  his  brother.  The  rage  which  I  conceived 
against  him,  joined  with  the  fear  to  lose  the  jewel  which  I 
had  gained  by  so  many  years'  service  and  desires,  did  set 
wings  on  me,  for  I  arrived  as  I  had  flown  next  day  at 
mine  own  city,  in  the  hour  and  moment  fit  to  go  speak  to 
Lucinda.  I  entered  secretly,  and  left  my  mule  whereon  I 
rode  in  the  honest  man's  house  that  had  brought  me  the 
letter,  and  my  fortune  purposing  then  to  be  favourable  to 
me,  disposed  so  mine  affairs,  that  I  found  Lucinda  sitting 
at  that  iron  grate  which  was  the  sole  witness  of  our  loves. 
Lucinda  knew  me  straight  and  I  her,  but  not  as  we  ought 
to  know  one  another.  But  who  is  he  in  the  world  that 
can  truly  vaunt  that  he  hath  penetrated  and  thoroughly 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S  STORY  245 

exhausted  the  confused  thoughts  and  mutable  nature  of 
women  ?     Truly  none.     I  say  then,  to  proceed  with  my 
tale,   that  as   soon    as    Lucinda    perceived    me,   she  said, 
"  Cardenio,  I  am  attired  with  my  wedding  garments,  and 
in  the  hall  doth  wait  for  me  the  traitor  Don  Fernando, 
and  my  covetous  father,  with  other  witnesses,  which  shall 
rather  be  such  of  my  death  than  of  mine  espousals.     Be 
not  troubled,  dear  friend,  but  procure  to  be  present  at  this 
sacrifice,  the  which  if  I  cannot  hinder  by  my  persuasions 
and  reasons,  I  carry  hidden  about  me  a  poniard  secretly, 
which  may  hinder  more  resolute  forces  by  giving  end  to 
my  life,   and  a  beginning  to   thee,  to  know  certain   the 
affection  which  I  have  ever  borne  and  do  bear  unto  thee." 
I  answered  her  troubled  and  hastily,  fearing  I  should  not 
have  the  leisure  to  reply  unto  her,  saying,  "Sweet  lady,  let 
thy  works  verify  thy  words ;  for  if  thou  earnest  a  poniard 
to   defend  thy  credit,  I   do  here  likewise   bear  a  sword 
wherewithal  I  will  defend  thee,  or  kill  myself,  if  fortune 
prove  adverse  and   contrary."     I  believe  that  she  could 
not  hear  all  my  words,  by  reason  she  was  called  hastily 
away,  as  I  perceived,  for  that  the  bridegroom  expected  her 
coming.     By  this  the  night  of  my  sorrows  did  thoroughly 
fall,  and  the  sun  of  my  gladness  was  set,  and  I  remained 
without  light  in  mine  eyes  or  discourse  in  my  understand- 
ing.    I  could  not  find  the  way  into  her  house,  nor  could 
I  move  myself  to  any  part ;  yet,  considering  at  last  how 
important  my  presence  was  for  that  which  might  befall  in 
that  adventure,  I  animated  myself  the  best  I  could,  and 
entered  into  the  house ;  and  as  one  that  knew  very  well 
all  the  entries  and  passages  thereof,  and  specially  by  reason 
of  the  trouble  and  business  that  was  then  in  hand,  I  went 
in  unperceived  of  any.    And  thus,  without  being  seen,  I  had 
the  opportunity  to  place  myself  in  the  hollow  room  of  a 
window  of  the  same  hall,  which  was  covered  by  the  ends 
of  two   encountering  pieces  of  tapestry,  from  whence  I 
could  see  all  that  was  done  in  the  hall,  remaining  myself 
unviewed  of  any.     Who  could  now  describe  the  assaults 
and  surprisals  of  my  heart  while    I    there    abode  .^    the 
thoughts  which  encountered  my  mind.''  the  considerations 


246  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

which  I  had  ?  which  were  so  many  and  such,  as  they  can 
neither  be  said,  nor  is  it  reason  they  should.  Let  it  suffice 
you  to  know  that  the  bridegroom  entered  into  the  hall 
without  any  ornament,  wearing  the  ordinary  array  he 
was  wont,  and  was  accompanied  by  a  cousin-german  of 
Lucinda's,  and  in  all  the  hall  there  was  no  stranger  present, 
nor  any  other  than  the  household  servants.  Within  a 
while  after,  Lucinda  came  out  of  the  parlour,  accom- 
panied by  her  mother  and  two  waiting-maids  of  her  own, 
as  richly  attired  and  decked  as  her  calling  and  beauty 
deserved,  and  the  perfection  of  courtly  pomp  and  bravery 
could  afford.  My  distraction  and  trouble  of  mind  lent 
me  no  time  to  note  particularly  the  apparel  she  wore,  and 
therefore  did  only  mark  the  colours,  which  were  carnation 
and  white  ;  and  the  splendour  which  the  precious  stones  and 
jewels  of  her  tires  and  all  the  rest  of  her  garments  yielded  ; 
yet  did  the  singular  beauty  of  her  fair  and  golden  tresses 
surpass  them  so  much,  as  being  in  competency  with  the 
precious  stones,  and  flame  of  four  links  that  lighted  in  the 
hall,  yet  did  the  splendour  thereof  seem  far  more  bright 
and  glorious  to  mine  eyes.  O  memory !  the  mortal 
enemy  of  mine  ease,  to  what  end  serves  it  now  to  represent 
unto  me  the  incomparable  beauty  of  that  my  adored 
enemy  ?  Were  it  not  better,  cruel  memory !  to  remember 
and  represent  that  which  she  did  then,  that,  being  moved 
by  so  manifest  a  wrong,  I  may  at  least  endeavour  to  lose 
my  life,  since  I  cannot  procure  a  revenge  ?  Tire  not,  good 
sirs,  to  hear  the  digressions  I  make ;  for  my  grief  is  not 
of  that  kind  that  may  be  rehearsed  succinctly  and  speedily, 
seeing  that  in  mine  opinion  every  passage  of  it  is  worthy 
of  a  large  discourse.' 

To  this  the  curate  answered,  that  not  only  they  were 
not  tired  or  wearied  hearing  of  him,  but  rather  they  re- 
ceived marvellous  delight  to  hear  him  recount  each  minuity 
and  circumstance,  because  they  were  such  as  deserved  not 
to  be  passed  over  in  silence,  but  rather  merited  as  much 
attention  as  the  principal  parts  of  the  history. 

'  You  shall  then  wit,'  quoth  Cardenio,  'that  as  they  thus 
stood  in  the  hall,  the   curate  of  the  parish  entered,  and. 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S   STORY  247 

taking  them  both  by  the  hand  to  do  that  which  in  such 
an  act  is  required  at  the  saying  of,  ''Will  you,  Lady 
Lucinda,  take  the  Lord  Don  Fernando,  who  is  here 
present,  for  your  lawful  spouse,  according  as  our  holy 
mother  of  the  Church  commands?''  I  thrust  out  all 
my  head  and  neck  out  of  the  tapestry,  and,  with  most 
attentive  ears  and  a  troubled  mind,  settled  myself  to  hear 
what  Lucinda  answered,  expecting  by  it  the  sentence  of 
my  death  or  the  confirmation  of  my  life.  Oh,  if  one  had 
dared  to  sally  out  at  that  time,  and  cry  with  a  loud  voice, 
''  O  Lucinda !  Lucinda !  see  well  what  thou  doest ;  consider 
withal  what  thou  owest  me  !  Behold  how  thou  art  mine, 
and  that  thou  canst  not  be  any  other's  !  Note  that  thy 
saying  of  Yea  and  the  end  of  my  life  shall  be  both  in  one 
instant.  O  traitor,  Don  Fernando  !  robber  of  my  glory  ! 
death  of  my  life  !  what  is  this  thou  pretendest  ?  what  wilt 
thou  do  ?  Consider  that  thou  canst  not,  Christian-like, 
achieve  thine  intention,  seeing  Lucinda  is  my  spouse,  and  I 
am  her  husband."  O  foolish  man  !  now  that  I  am  absent, 
and  far  from  the  danger,  I  say  what  I  should  have  done, 
and  not  what  I  did.  Now,  after  that  I  have  permitted  my 
dear  jewel  to  be  robbed,  I  exclaim  on  the  thief,  on  whom 
I  might  have  revenged  myself,  had  I  had  as  much  heart 
to  do  it  as  I  have  to  complain.  In  fine,  since  I  was  then 
a  coward  and  a  fool,  it  is  no  matter  though  I  now  die 
ashamed,  sorry,  and  frantic.  The  curate  stood  expecting 
Lucinda's  answer  a  good  while  ere  she  gave  it ;  and  in  the 
end,  when  I  hoped  that  she  would  take  out  the  poniard  to 
stab  herself,  or  would  unloose  her  tongue  to  say  some 
truth,  or  use  some  reason  or  persuasion  that  might 
redound  to  my  benefit,  I  heard  her  instead  thereof  answer, 
with  a  dismayed  and  languishing  voice,  the  word,  ''I  will." 
And  then  Don  Fernando  said  the  same ;  and,  giving  her 
the  ring,  they  remained  tied  with  an  indissoluble  knot. 
Then  the  bridegroom  coming  to  kiss  his  spouse,  she  set 
her  hand  upon  her  heart,  and  fell  in  a  trance  between  her 
mother's  arms. 

'  Now  only   remains   untold   the   case   wherein   I   was, 
seeing  in  that  Yea,  which  I  had  heard,  my  hopes  deluded, 


248  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

Lucinda's  words  and  promises  falsified,  and  myself  wholly 
disabled  to  recover  in  any  time  the  good  which  I  lost  in 
that  instant.  I  rested  void  of  counsel,  abandoned  (in 
mine  opinion)  by  Heaven,  proclaimed  an  enemy  to  the 
earth  which  upheld  me,  the  air  denying  breath  enough  for 
my  sighs,  and  the  water  humour  sufficient  to  mine  eyes ; 
only  the  fire  increased  in  such  manner  as  I  burned 
thoroughly  with  rage  and  jealousy.  All  the  house  was 
in  a  tumult  for  this  sudden  amazement  of  Lucinda ;  and 
as  her  mother  unclasped  her  bosom  to  give  her  the  air, 
there  appeared  in  it  a  paper,  folded  up,  which  Don 
Fernando  presently  seized  on,  and  went  aside  to  read  it 
by  the  light  of  a  torch ;  and  after  he  had  read  it,  he  sat 
down  in  a  chair,  laying  his  hands  on  his  cheek,  with  mani- 
fest signs  of  melancholy  discontent,  without  bethinking 
himself  of  the  remedies  that  were  applied  to  his  spouse  to 
bring  her  again  to  herself.  I,  seeing  all  the  folk  of  the 
house  thus  in  an  uproar,  did  adventure  myself  to  issue, 
not  weighing  much  whether  I  were  seen  or  no,  bearing 
withal  a  resolution  (if  I  were  perceived)  to  play  such  a 
rash  part,  as  all  the  world  should  understand  the  just 
indignation  of  my  breast,  by  the  revenge  I  would  take 
on  false  Don  Fernando  and  the  mutable  and  dismayed 
traitress.  But  my  destiny,  which  hath  reserved  me  for 
greater  evils  (if  possibly  there  be  any  greater  than  mine 
own),  ordained  that  instant  my  wit  should  abound,  whereof 
ever  since  I  have  so  great  want ;  and  therefore,  without 
will  to  take  revenge  of  my  greatest  enemies  (of  whom  I 
might  have  taken  it  with  all  facility,  by  reason  they  sus- 
pected so  little  my  being  there),  I  determined  to  take  it 
on  myself,  and  execute  in  myself  the  pain  which  they 
deserved,  and  that  perhaps  with  more  rigour  than  I  would 
have  used  toward  them  if  I  had  slain  them  at  that  time, 
seeing  that  the  sudden  death  finisheth  presently  the  pain ; 
but  that  which  doth  lingeringly  torment,  kills  always, 
without  ending  the  life. 

*  To  be  short,  I  went  out  of  the  house,  and  came  to  the 
other  where  I  had  left  my  mule,  which  I  caused  to  be 
saddled  ;  and,  without  bidding  mine  host  adieu,  I  mounted 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S  STORY  249 

on  her,  and   rode  out  of  the  city,  without   daring,   like 
another  Lot,  to  turn  back  and  behold  it ;  and  then,  seeing 
myself  alone  in  the  fields,  and  that  the  darkness  of  the 
night  did  cover  me,  and  the  silence  thereof  invite  me  to 
complain,  without  respect  or  fear  to  be  heard  or  known,  I 
did  let  slip  my  voice,  and  untied  my  tongue  with  so  many 
curses   of  Lucinda  and  Don   Fernando,   as  if  thereby  I 
might  satisfy  the  wrong  they  had  done  me.     I  gave  her 
the   title    of  cruel,    ungrateful,    false,    and   scornful,  but 
especially  of  covetous,  seeing  the  riches  of  mine  enemy  had 
shut  up  the  eyes  of  her  affection,  to  deprive  me  thereof, 
and  render  it  to  him  with  whom  fortune  had  dealt  more 
frankly  and  liberally;  and  in  the  midst  of  this   tune  of 
maledictions  and  scorns,  I  did  excuse  her,  saying,  That  it 
was  no  marvel  that  a  maiden  kept  close  in  her  parents* 
house,  made  and  accustomed  always  to  obey  them,  should 
at  last    condescend    to    their    will,   specially    seeing    they 
bestowed  upon   her  for  husband  so  noble,  so  rich,   and 
proper  a  gentleman,  as  to  refuse  him  would  be  reputed  in 
her  to   proceed  either  from  want  of  judgment,  or  from 
having   bestowed   her  affections  elsewhere,   which  things 
must  of  force  greatly  prejudice  her   good   opinion    and 
renown.     Presently  would  I  turn  again  to  say,  that  though 
she  had  told  them  that  I  was  her  spouse,  they  might  easily 
perceive  that  in  choosing  me  she  had  not  made  so  ill  an 
election  that  she  might  not  be  excused,  seeing  that  before 
Don  Fernando  offered  himself,  they  themselves  could  not 
happen  to  desire,  if  their  wishes  were  guided  by  reason,  so 
fit  a  match  for  their  daughter  as  myself ;  and  she  might 
easily  have  said,  before  she  put  herself  in  that  last  and 
forcible  pass  of  giving  her  hand,  that  I  had  already  given 
her  mine,  which  I  would  come  out  to  confess,  and  confirm 
all  that  she  could  any  way  feign  in  this  case  ;  and  concluded 
in  the  end,  that  little  love,  less  judgment,  much  ambition, 
and  desire  of  greatness  caused  her  to  forget  the  words 
wherewithal  she  had  deceived,  entertained,  and  sustained 
me  in  my  firm  hopes  and  honest  desires. 

'  Using  these  words,  and  feeling  this  unquietness  in  my 
breast,  I  travelled   all  the  rest  of  the  night,  and  struck 


250  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

about  dawn  into  one  of  the  entries  of  these  mountains, 
through  which  I  travelled  three  days  at  random,  without 
following  or  finding  any  path  or  way,  until  I  arrived  at 
last  to  certain  meadows  and  fields,  that  lie  I  know  not  in 
which  part  of  these  mountains  ;  and  finding  there  certain 
herds,  I  demanded  of  them  which  way  lay  the  most  craggy 
and  inaccessible  places  of  these  rocks,  and  they  directed  me 
hither  ;  and  presently  I  travelled  towards  it,  with  purpose 
here  to  end  my  life ;  and,  entering  in  among  those  deserts, 
my  mule,  through  weariness  and  hunger,  fell  dead  under 
me,  or  rather,  as  I  may  better  suppose,  to  disburden  him- 
self of  so  vile  and  unprofitable  a  burden  as  he  carried  of 
me.  I  remained  afoot,  overcome  by  nature,  and  pierced 
through  and  through  by  hunger,  without  having  any  help, 
or  knowing  who  might  succour  me,  and  remained  after 
that  manner  I  know  not  how  long,  prostrate  on  the  ground, 
and  then  I  rose  again  without  any  hunger,  and  I  found 
near  unto  me  certain  goatherds,  who  were  those  doubtlessly 
that  fed  me  in  my  hunger  ;  for  they  told  me  in  what 
manner  they  found  me,  and  how  I  spake  so  many  foolish 
and  mad  words  as  gave  certain  argument  that  I  was  devoid 
of  judgment ;  and  I  have  felt  in  myself  since  that  time  that 
I  enjoy  not  my  wits  perfectly,  but  rather  perceive  them 
to  be  so  weakened  and  impaired,  as  I  commit  a  hundred 
follies,  tearing  mine  apparel,  crying  loudly  through  these 
deserts,  cursing  my  fates,  and  idly  repeating  the  abhorred 
name  of  mine  enemy,  without  having  any  other  intent  or 
discourse  at  that  time  than  to  endeavour  to  finish  my  life 
ere  long  ;  and  when  I  turn  to  myself,  I  am  so  broken  and 
tired  as  I  am  scarce  able  to  stir  me.  My  most  ordinary 
mansion-place  is  in  the  hollowness  of  a  cork-tree,  suffici- 
ently able  to  cover  this  wretched  carcase.  The  cowherds 
and  the  goatherds  that  feed  their  cattle  here  in  these 
mountains,  moved  by  charity,  gave  me  sustenance,  leaving 
meat  for  me  by  the  ways  and  on  the  rocks  which  they 
suppose  I  frequent,  and  where  they  think  I  may  find  it ; 
and  so,  although  I  do  then  want  the  use  of  reason,  yet 
doth  natural  necessity  induce  me  to  know  my  meat,  and 
stirreth  my   appetite   to   covet,   and   my   will   to   take   it. 


Chap.  XIII  CARDENIO'S   STORY  251 

They  tell  me,  when  they  meet  me  in  my  wits,  that  I  do 
other  times  come  out  to  the  highways  and  take  it  from 
them  violently,  even  when  they  themselves  do  offer  it 
unto  me  willingly.  After  this  manner  do  I  pass  my 
miserable  life,  until  Heaven  shall  be  pleased  to  conduct  it 
to  the  last  period,  or  so  change  my  memory  as  I  may  no 
more  remember  the  beauty  and  treachery  of  Lucinda  or 
the  injury  done  by  Don  Fernando  ;  for,  if  it  do  me  this 
favour,  without  depriving  my  life,  then  will  I  convert  my 
thoughts  to  better  discourses  ;  if  not,  there  is  no  other 
remedy  but  to  pray  God  to  receive  my  soul  into  His 
mercy,  for  I  neither  find  valour  nor  strength  in  myself  to 
rid  my  body  out  of  the  straits  wherein  for  my  pleasure  I 
did  at  first  willingly  intrude  it. 

'  This  is,  sirs,  the  bitter  relation  of  my  disasters ;  where- 
fore judge  if  it  be  such  as  may  be  celebrated  with  less 
feeling  and  compassion  than  that  which  you  may  by  this 
time  have  perceived  in  myself ;  and  do  not  in  vain  labour 
to  persuade  or  counsel  me  that  which  reason  should  afford 
you  may  be  good  for  my  remedy,  for  it  will  work  no 
other  effect  in  me  than  a  medicine  prescribed  by  a  skilful 
physician  to  a  patient  that  will  in  no  sort  receive  it. 
I  will  have  no  health  without  Lucinda  ;  and  since  she 
pleaseth  to  alienate  herself,  being  or  seeing  she  ought  to 
be  mine,  so  do  I  also  take  delight  to  be  of  the  retinue  of 
mishap,  although  I  might  be  a  retainer  to  good  fortune. 
She  hath  ordained  that  her  changing  shall  establish  my 
perdition  ;  and  I  will  labour,  by  procuring  mine  own  loss, 
to  please  and  satisfy  her  will.  And  it  shall  be  an  example 
to  ensuing  ages,  that  I  alone  wanted  that  wherewith  all 
other  wretches  abounded,  to  whom  the  impossibility  of 
receiving  comfort  proved  sometimes  a  cure  ;  but  in  me  it 
is  an  occasion  of  greater  feeling  and  harm,  because  I  am 
persuaded  that  my  harms  cannot  end  even  with  very 
death  itself.' 

Here  Cardenio  finished  his  large  discourse  and  un- 
fortunate and  amorous  history  ;  and  just  about  the  time 
that  the  curate  was  bethinking  himself  of  some  comfortable 
reasons  to  answer  and  persuade  him,  he  was  suspended  by 


252  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  III 

a  voice  arrived  to  his  hearing,  which  with  pitiful  accents 
said  what  shall  be  recounted  in  the  Fourth  Part  of  this 
narration  ;  for  in  this  very  point  the  wise  and  most 
absolute  historiographer,  Cid  Hamet  Benengeli,  finished 
the  Third  Book  of  this  history. 


THE  FOURTH  BOOK 


CHAPTER  I 


Wherein  is  discoursed  the  New  and  Pleasant  Adventure  that 
happened  to  the  Curate  and  the  Barber  in  Sierra 
Morena 

Most  happy  and  fortunate  were  those  times  wherein  the 
thrice  audacious  and  bold  knight,  Don  Quixote  of  the 
Mancha,  was  bestowed  on  the  world,  by  whose  most 
honourable  resolution  to  revive  and  renew  in  it  the 
already  worn-out  and  well-nigh  deceased  exercise  of  arms, 
we  joy  in  this  our  so  niggard  and  scant  an  age  of  all 
pastimes,  not  only  the  sweetness  of  his  true  history,  but 
also  of  the  other  tales  and  digressions  contained  therein, 
which  are  in  some  respects  no  less  pleasing,  artificial,  and 
true  than  the  very  history  itself;  the  which,  prosecuting 
the  carded,  spun,  and  self-twined  thread  of  the  relation, 
says  that,  as  the  curate  began  to  bethink  himself  upon 
some  answer  that  might  both  comfort  and  animate 
Cardenio,  he  was  hindered  by  a  voice  which  came  to  his 
hearing,  said  very  dolefully  the  words  ensuing  : 

'  O  God !  is  it  possible  that  I  have  yet  found  out  the 
place  which  may  serve  for  a  hidden  sepulchre  to  the  load 
of  this  loathsome  body  that  I  unwillingly  bear  so  long? 
Yes,  it  may  be,  if  the  solitariness  of  these  rocks  do  not 
illude  me.  Ah,  unfortunate  that  I  am !  how  much  more 
grateful  companions  will  these  crags  and  thickets  prove  to 

253 


254  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

my  designs,  by  affording  me  leisure  to  communicate  my 
mishaps  to  Heaven  with  plaints,  than  that  of  any  mortal 
man  living,  since  there  is  none  upon  earth  from  whom  may 
be  expected  counsel  in  doubts,  ease  in  complaints,  or  in 
harms  remedy?'  The  curate  and  his  companions  heard 
and  understood  all  the  words  clearly,  and  forasmuch  as 
they  conjectured  (as  indeed  it  was)  that  those  plaints  were 
delivered  very  near  unto  them,  they  did  all  arise  to  search 
out  the  plaintiff;  and,  having  gone  some  twenty  steps 
thence,  they  beheld  a  young  youth  behind  a  rock,  sitting 
under  an  ash-tree,  and  attired  like  a  country  swain,  whom, 
by  reason  his  face  was  inclined,  as  he  sat  washing  of  his 
feet  in  the  clear  stream  that  glided  that  way,  they  could 
not  perfectly  discern,  and  therefore  approached  towards 
him  with  so  great  silence,  as  they  were  not  descried  by  him, 
who  only  attended  to  the  washing  of  his  feet,  which  were 
so  white,  as  they  properly  resembled  two  pieces  of  clear 
crystal  that  grew  among  the  other  stones  of  the  stream. 
The  whiteness  and  beauty  of  the  feet  amazed  them,  being 
not  made,  as  they  well  conjectured,  to  tread  clods,  or 
measure  the  steps  of  lazy  oxen,  and  holding  the  plough,  as 
the  youth's  apparel  would  persuade  them  ;  and  therefore 
the  curate,  who  went  before  the  rest,  seeing  they  were  not 
yet  espied,  made  signs  to  the  other  two  that  they  should 
divert  a  little  out  of  the  way,  or  hide  themselves  behind 
some  broken  cliffs  that  were  near  the  place,  which  they 
did  all  of  them,  noting  what  the  youth  did  with  very 
great  attention.  He  wore  a  little  brown  capouch,  girt 
very  near  to  his  body  with  a  white  towel,  also  a  pair  of 
breeches  and  gamashoes  of  the  same  coloured  cloth,  and  on 
his  head  a  clay-coloured  cap  ;  his  gamashoes  were  lifted  up 
half  the  leg,  which  verily  seemed  to  be  white  alabaster. 
Finally,  having  washed  his  feet,  taking  out  a  linen  kerchief 
from  under  his  cap,  he  dried  them  therewithal,  and  at  the 
taking  out  of  the  kerchief  he  held  up  his  face,  and  then 
those  which  stood  gazing  on  him  had  leisure  to  discern  an 
unmatchable  beauty,  so  surpassing  great,  as  Cardenio, 
rounding  the  curate  in  the  ear,  said,  '  This  body,  since  it 
is  not  Lucinda,  can  be  no  human  creature,  but  a  divine.* 


Chap.  I  A   MAID   IN    DISGUISE  255 

The  youth  took  off  his  cap  at  last,  and,  shaking  his  head 
to  the  one  and  other  part,  did  dishevel  and  discover 
such  beautiful  hairs  as  those  of  Phoebus  might  justly 
emulate  them  ;  and  thereby  they  knew  the  supposed 
swain  to  be  a  delicate  woman  ;  yea,  and  the  fairest  that 
ever  the  first  two  had  seen  in  their  lives,  or  Cardenio 
himself,  the  lovely  Lucinda  excepted  ;  for,  as  he  after 
affirmed,  no  feature  save  Lucinda's  could  contend  with 
hers.  The  long  and  golden  hairs  did  not  only  cover  her 
shoulders,  but  did  also  hide  her  round  about  in  such  sort 
as  (her  feet  excepted)  no  other  part  of  her  body  appeared, 
they  were  so  near  and  long.  At  this  time  her  hands  served 
her  for  a  comb,  which,  as  her  feet  seemed  pieces  of  crystal 
in  the  water,  so  did  they  appear  among  her  hairs  like  pieces 
of  driven  snow.  All  which  circumstances  did  possess  the 
three  which  stood  gazing  at  her  with  great  admiration  and 
desire  to  know  what  she  was,  and  therefore  resolved  to 
show  themselves  ;  and  with  the  noise  which  they  made  when 
they  arose,  the  beautiful  maiden  held  up  her  head,  and, 
removing  her  hairs  from  before  her  eyes  with  both  hands, 
she  espied  those  that  had  made  it ;  and  presently  arising, 
full  of  fear  and  trouble,  she  laid  hand  on  a  packet  that  was 
by  her,  which  seemed  to  be  of  apparel,  and  thought  to  fly 
away  without  staying  to  pull  on  her  shoes,  or  to  gather  up 
her  hair.  But  scarce  had  she  gone  six  paces  when  her 
delicate  and  tender  feet,  unable  to  abide  the  rough 
encounter  of  the  stones,  made  her  to  fall  to  the  earth  ; 
which  the  three  perceiving,  they  came  out  to  her,  and  the 
curate  arriving  first  of  all,  said  to  her,  '  Lady,  whatsoever 
you  be,  stay  and  fear  nothing ;  for  we  which  you  behold 
here  come  only  with  intention  to  do  you  service,  and 
therefore  you  need  not  pretend  so  impertinent  a  flight, 
which  neither  your  feet  can  endure,  nor  would  we 
permit.' 

The  poor  girl  remained  so  amazed  and  confounded  as 
she  answered  not  a  word  ;  wherefore,  the  curate  and  the 
rest  drawing  nearer,  they  took  her  by  the  hand,  and  then 
he  prosecuted  his  speech,  saying,  '  What  your  habit  con- 
cealed from  us,   lady,  your  hairs  have   bewrayed,   being 


256  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

manifest  arguments  that  the  causes  were  of  no  small 
moment  which  have  thus  bemasked  your  singular  beauty 
under  so  unworthy  array,  and  conducted  you  to  this 
all-abandoned  desert,  wherein  it  was  a  wonderful  chance  to 
have  met  you,  if  not  to  remedy  your  harms,  yet  at  least  to 
give  you  some  comfort,  seeing  no  evil  can  afflict  and  vex 
one  so  much,  and  plunge  him  in  so  deep  extremes  (whilst 
it  deprives  not  the  life),  that  will  wholly  abhor  from 
listening  to  the  advice  that  is  offered  with  a  good  and 
sincere  intention  ;  so  that,  fair  lady,  or  lord,  or  what  else 
you  shall  please  to  be  termed,  shake  off  your  affrightment, 
and  rehearse  unto  us  your  good  or  ill  fortune  ;  for  you 
shall  find  in  us  jointly,  or  in  every  one  part,  companions 
to  help  you  to  deplore  your  disasters.' 

Whilst  the  curate  made  this  speech,  the  disguised  woman 
stood  as  one  half  asleep,  now  beholding  the  one,  now  the 
other,  without  once  moving  her  lip  or  saying  a  word  ;  just 
like  a  rustical  clown,  when  rare  and  unseen  things  to  him 
before  are  unexpectedly  presented  to  his  view. 

But  the  curate  insisting,  and  using"  other  persuasive 
reasons  addressed  to  that  effect,  won  her  at  last  to  make 
a  breach  on  her  tedious  silence,  and,  with  a  profound  sigh, 
blow  open  her  coral  gates,  saying  somewhat  to  this  effect  : 
*  Since  the  solitariness  of  these  rocks  hath  not  been  potent 
to  conceal  me,  nor  the  dishevelling  of  my  disordered  hairs 
licensed  my  tongue  to  belie  my  sex,  it  were  in  vain  for  me 
to  feign  that  anew  which,  if  you  believed  it,  would  be  more 
for  courtesy's  sake  than  any  other  respect.  Which  pre- 
supposed, I  say,  good  sirs,  that  I  do  gratify  you  highly  for 
the  liberal  offers  you  have  made  me,  which  are  such  as 
have  bound  me  to  satisfy  your  demand  as  near  as  I  may, 
although  I  fear  the  relation  which  I  must  make  to  you  of 
my  mishaps  will  breed  sorrow  at  once  with  compassion  in 
you,  by  reason  you  shall  not  be  able  to  find  any  salve  that 
may  cure,  comfort,  or  beguile  them  ;  yet,  notwithstanding, 
to  the  end  my  reputation  may  not  hover  longer  suspended 
in  your  opinions,  seeing  you  know  me  to  be  a  woman,  and 
view  me  young,  alone,  and  thus  attired,  being  things  all  of 
them  able,  either  joined  or  parted,  to  overthrow  the  best 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  257 

credit,  I  must  be  enforced  to  unfold  what  I  could  other- 
wise most  willingly  conceal/ 

All  this  she,  that  appeared  so  comely,  spoke  without 
stop  or  staggering,  with  so  ready  delivery,  and  so  sweet  a 
voice,  as  her  discretion  admired  them  no  less  than  her 
beauty  ;  and,  renewing  again  their  compliments  and 
entreaties  to  her  to  accomplish  speedily  her  promise, 
she,  setting  all  coyness  apart,  drawing  on  her  shoes  very 
modestly,  and  winding  up  her  hair,  sat  her  down  on  a 
stone,  and  the  other  three  about  her,  where  she  used  no 
little  violence  to  smother  certain  rebellious  tears  that  strove 
to  break  forth  without  her  permission,  and  then,  with  a 
reposed  and  clear  voice,  she  began  the  history  of  her  life 
in  this  manner  : 

'  In  this  province  of  Andalusia  there  is  a  certain  town 
from  whence  a  duke  derives  his  denomination,  which 
makes  him  one  of  those  in  Spain  are  called  grandees.  He 
hath  two  sons — the  elder  is  heir  of  his  states,  and  likewise, 
as  may  be  presumed,  of  his  virtues  ;  the  younger  is  heir  I 
know  not  of  what,  if  he  be  not  of  Vellido,^  his  treacheries 
or  Galalon's  frauds.  My  parents  are  this  nobleman's 
vassals,  of  humble  and  low  calling,  but  so  rich  as,  if  the 
goods  of  nature  had  equalled  those  of  their  fortunes,  then 
should  they  have  had  nothing  else  to  desire,  nor  I  feared 
to  see  myself  in  the  misfortunes  wherein  I  now  am  plunged  ; 
for  perhaps  my  mishaps  proceed  from  that  of  theirs,  in  not 
being  nobly  descended.  True  it  is  that  they  are  not  so 
base  as  they  should  therefore  shame  their  calling,  nor  so 
high  as  may  check  my  conceit,  which  persuades  me  that 
my  disasters  proceed  from  their  lowness.  In  conclusion, 
they  are  but  farmers  and  plain  people,  but  without  any 
touch  or  spot  of  bad  blood,  and,  as  we  usually  say,  old, 
rusty  Christians,  yet  so  rusty  and  ancient  as  yet  their  riches 
and  magnificent  port  gain  them,  by  little  and  little,  the 
title  of  gentiUty,  yea,  and  of  worship  also  ;  although  the 
treasure  and  nobility  whereof  they  made  most  price  and 
account  was  to  have  had  me  for  their  daughter  ;  and  there- 

^One  that  murdered  Sancho,  king  of  Castile,  as  he  was  easing  himself 
at  the  siege  of  Camora. 

I.  R 


258  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

fore,  as  well  by  reason  that  they  had  none  other  heir  than 
myself,  as  also  because,  as  affectionate  parents,  they  held 
me  most  dear,  I  was  one  of  the  most  made  of  and  cherished 
daughters  that  ever  father  brought  up.  I  was  the  mirror 
wherein  they  beheld  themselves,  the  staff  of  their  old  age, 
and  the  subject  to  which  they  addressed  all  their  desires, 
from  which,  because  they  were  most  virtuous,  mine  did 
not  stray  an  inch  ;  and  even  in  the  same  manner  that  I 
was  lady  of  their  minds,  so  was  I  also  of  their  goods. 
By  me  were  servants  admitted  or  dismissed  ;  the  notice 
and  account  of  what  was  sowed  or  reaped  passed  through 
my  hands  ;  of  the  oil-mills,  the  wine-presses,  the  number 
of  great  and  little  cattle,  the  bee-hives — in  fine,  of  all  that 
so  rich  a  farmer  as  my  father  was,  had,  or  could  have,  I 
kept  the  account,  and  was  the  steward  thereof  and  mistress, 
with  such  care  of  my  side,  and  pleasure  of  theirs,  as  I  cannot 
possibly  endear  it  enough.  The  times  of  leisure  that  I  had 
in  the  day,  after  I  had  given  what  was  necessary  to  the 
head  servants  and  other  labourers,  I  did  entertain  in  those 
exercises  which  were  both  commendable  and  requisite  for 
maidens,  to  wit,  in  sewing,  making  of  bone  lace,  and  many 
times  handling  the  distaff ;  and  if  sometimes  I  left  those 
exercises  to  recreate  my  mind  a  little,  I  would  then  take 
some  godly  book  in  hand,  or  play  on  the  harp  ;  for 
experience  had  taught  me  that  music  ordereth  disordered 
minds,  and  doth  lighten  the  passions  that  afflict  the  spirit. 
*  This  was  the  life  which  I  led  in  my  father's  house,  the 
recounting  whereof  so  particularly  hath  not  been  done  for 
ostentation,  nor  to  give  you  to  understand  that  I  am  rich, 
but  to  the  end  you  may  note  how  much,  without  mine 
own  fault,  have  I  fallen  from  that  happy  state  I  have  said, 
unto  the  unhappy  plight  into  which  I  am  now  reduced. 
The  history,  therefore,  is  this,  that  passing  my  life  in  so 
many  occupations,  and  that  with  such  recollection  as  might 
be  compared  to  a  religious  life,  unseen,  as  I  thought,  by  any 
other  person  than  those  of  our  house  ;  for  when  I  went  to 
mass  it  was  commonly  so  early,  and  so  accompanied  by 
my  mother  and  other  maid-servants,  and  I  myself  so 
covered  and  watchful  as  mine  eyes  did  scarce  see  the  earth 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  259 

whereon  I  trod  ;  and  yet,  notwithstanding,  those  of  love, 
or,  as  I  may  better  term  them,  of  idleness,  to  which  lynx's 
eyes  may  not  be  compared,  did  represent  me  to  Don 
Fernando' s  affection  and  care  ;  for  this  is  the  name  of  the 
duke's  younger  son  of  whom  I  spake  before.' 

Scarce  had  she  named  Don  Fernando,  when  Cardenio 
changed  colour,  and  began  to  sweat,  with  such  alter- 
ation of  body  and  countenance,  as  the  curate  and  barber 
which  beheld  it,  feared  that  the  accident  of  frenzy  did 
assault  him,  which  was  wont  (as  they  had  heard)  to  possess 
him  at  times.  But  Cardenio  did  nothing  else  than  sweat, 
and  stood  still,  beholding  now  and  then  the  country  girl, 
imagining  straight  what  she  was  ;  who,  without  taking 
notice  of  his  alteration,  followed  on  her  discourse  in  this 
manner  : 

*  And  scarce  had  he  seen  me,  when  (as  he  himself  after 
confessed)  he  abode  greatly  surprised  by  my  love,  as  his 
actions  did  after  give  evident  demonstration.  But  to 
conclude  soon  the  relation  of  those  misfortunes  which 
have  no  conclusion,  I  will  overslip  in  silence  the  diligences 
and  practices  of  Don  Fernando,  used  to  declare  unto  me  his 
affection.  He  suborned  all  the  folk  of  the  house  ;  he 
bestowed  gifts  and  favours  on  my  parents.  Every  day 
was  a  holiday  and  a  day  of  sports  in  the  streets  where  I 
dwelt ;  at  night  no  man  could  sleep  for  music.  The  letters 
were  innumerable  that  came  to  my  hands,  without  knowing 
who  brought  them,  farsed  too  full  of  amorous  conceits  and 
offers,  and  containing  more  promises  and  protestations 
than  characters.  All  which  not  only  could  not  mollify  my 
mind,  but  rather  hardened  it  so  much  as  if  he  were  my 
mortal  enemy  ;  and  therefore  did  construe  all  the  endea- 
vours he  used  to  gain  my  goodwill  to  be  practised  to 
a  contrary  end  :  which  I  did  not  as  accounting  Don 
Fernando  ungentle,  or  that  I  esteemed  him  too  impor- 
tunate ;  for  I  took  a  kind  of  delight  to  see  myself  so 
highly  esteemed  and  beloved  of  so  noble  a  gentleman  ; 
nor  was  I  anything  offended  to  see  his  papers  written  in 
my  praise :  for,  if  I  be  not  deceived  in  this  point,  be  we 
women  ever  so  foul,  we  love  to  hear  men  call  us  beautiful. 


26o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

But  mine  honesty  was  that  which  opposed  itself  unto  all 
these  things,  and  the  continual  admonitions  of  my  parents, 
which  had  by  this  plainly  perceived  Don  Fernando's 
pretence,  as  one  that  cared  not  all  the  world  should  know 
it.  They  would  often  say  unto  me  that  they  had  deposited 
their  honours  and  reputation  in  my  virtue  alone  and  dis- 
cretion, and  bade  me  consider  the  inequality  that  was 
between  Don  Fernando  and  me,  and  that  I  might  collect 
by  it  how  his  thoughts  (did  he  ever  so  much  affirm  the 
contrary)  were  more  addressed  to  compass  his  pleasures 
than  my  profit ;  and  that  if  I  feared  any  inconvenience 
might  befall,  to  the  end  they  might  cross  it,  and  cause  him 
to  abandon  his  so  unjust  a  pursuit,  they  would  match  me 
where  I  most  liked,  either  to  the  best  of  that  town  or  any 
other  town  adjoining,  saying,  they  might  easily  compass  it, 
both  by  reason  of  their  great  wealth  and  my  good  report. 
I  fortified  my  resolution  and  integrity  with  these  certain 
promises  and  the  known  truth  which  they  told  me,  and 
therefore  would  never  answer  to  Don  Fernando  any  word 
that  might  ever  so  far  off  argue  the  least  hope  of  con- 
descending to  his  desires.  All  which  cautions  of  mine, 
which  I  think  he  deemed  to  be  disdains,  did  inflame  more 
his  lascivious  appetite  (for  this  is  the  name  wherewithal  I 
entitle  his  affection  towards  me),  which,  had  it  been  such 
as  it  ought,  you  had  not  known  it  now,  for  then  the  cause 
of  revealing  it  had  not  befallen  me.  Finally,  Don  Fer- 
nando, understanding  how  my  parents  meant  to  marry  me, 
to  the  end  they  might  make  void  his  hope  of  ever  possess- 
ing me,  or  at  least  set  more  guards  to  preserve  mine 
honour,  and  this  news  or  surmise  was  an  occasion  that  he' 
did  what  you  shall  presently  hear. 

*  For,  one  night  as  I  sat  in  my  chamber,  only  attended 
by  a  young  maiden  that  served  me,  I  having  shut  the 
doors  very  safe,  for  fear  lest,  through  my  negligence,  my 
honesty  might  incur  any  danger,  without  knowing  or 
imagining  how  it  might  happen,  notwithstanding  all  my 
diligences  used  and  preventions,  and  amidst  the  solitude  of 
this  silence  and  recollection,  he  stood  before  me  in  my 
chamber.     At  his  presence  I  was  so  troubled  as  I  lost  both 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  261 

sight  and  speech,  and  by  reason  thereof  could  not  cry,  nor 
I  think  he  would  not,  though  I  had  attempted  it,  permit 
me;  for  he  presently  ran  over  to  me,  and,  taking  me 
between  his  arms  (for,  as  I  have  said,  I  was  so  amazed  as 
I  had  no  power  to  defend  myself),  he  spake  such  things  to 
me  as  I  know  not  how  it  is  possible  that  so  many  lies 
should  have  ability  to  feign  things  resembling  in  show  so 
much  the  truth ;  and  the  traitor  caused  tears  to  give  credit 
to  his  words,  and  sighs  to  give  countenance  to  his 
intention. 

*  I,  poor  soul,  being  alone  amidst  my  friends,  and  weakly 
practised  in  such  affairs,  began,  I  know  not  how,  to  account 
his  leasings  for  verities,  but  not  in  such  sort  as  his  tears  or 
sighs  might  any  wise  move  me  to  any  compassion  that 
were  not  commendable.  And  so,  the  first  trouble  and 
amazement  of  mind  being  past,  I  began  again  to  recover 
my  defective  spirits,  and  then  said  to  him,  with  more 
courage  than  I  thought  I  should  have  had,  **  If,  as  I  am, 
my  lord,  between  your  arms,  I  were  between  the  paws  of  a 
fierce  lion,  and  that  I  were  made  certain  of  my  liberty  on 
condition  to  do  or  say  anything  prejudicial  to  mine  honour, 
it  would  prove  as  impossible  for  me  to  accept  it  as  for  that 
which  once  hath  been  to  leave  off  his  essence  and  being. 
Wherefore,  even  as  you  have  engirt  my  middle  with  your 
arms,  so  likewise  have  I  tied  fast  my  mind  with  virtuous 
and  forcible  desires  that  are  wholly  different  from  yours, 
as  you  shall  perceive,  if,  seeking  to  force  me,  you  presume 
to  pass  further  with  your  inordinate  design.  I  am  your 
vassal,  but  not  your  slave ;  nor  hath  the  nobility  of  your 
blood  power,  nor  ought  it  to  harden,  to  dishonour,  stain, 
or  hold  in  little  account  the  humility  of  mine ;  and  I  do 
esteem  myself,  though  a  country  wench  and  farmer's 
daughter,  as  much  as  you  can  yourself,  though  a  noble- 
man and  a  lord.  With  me  your  violence  shall  not  prevail, 
your  riches  gain  any  grace,  your  words  have  power  to 
deceive,  or  your  sighs  and  tears  be  able  to  move ;  yet,  if  I 
shall  find  any  of  these  properties  mentioned  in  him  whom 
my  parent  shall  please  to  bestow  on  me  for  my  spouse,  I 
will  presently  subject  my  will  to  his,  nor  shall  it  ever  vary 


262  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

from  his  mind  a  jot ;  so  that,  if  I  might  remain  with 
honour,  although  I  rested  void  of  delights,  yet  would  I 
willingly  bestow  on  you  that  which  you  presently  labour 
so  much  to  obtain :  all  which  I  do  say  to  divert  your 
straying  thought  from  ever  thinking  that  any  one  may 
obtain  of  me  aught  who  is  not  my  lawful  spouse."  "  If 
the  let  only  consists  therein,  most  beautiful  Dorothea '' 
(for  so  I  am  called),  answered  the  disloyal  lord,  ''  behold, 
I  give  thee  here  my  hand  to  be  thine  alone ;  and  let  the 
heavens,  from  which  nothing  is  concealed,  and  this  image 
of  Our  Lady,  which  thou  hast  here  present,  be  witnesses 
of  this  truth  !  "  ' 

When  Cardenio  heard  her  say  that  she  was  called 
Dorothea,  he  fell  again  into  his  former  suspicion,  and  in 
the  end  confirmed  his  first  opinion  to  be  true,  but  would 
not  interrupt  her  speech,  being  desirous  to  know  the 
success,  which  he  knew  wholly  almost  before,  and  there- 
fore said  only,  *  Lady,  is  it  possible  that  you  are  named 
Dorothea  ?  I  have  heard  report  of  another  of  that  name, 
which  perhaps  hath  run  the  like  course  of  your  mis- 
fortunes ;  but  I  request  you  to  continue  your  relation,  for 
a  time  may  come  wherein  I  may  recount  unto  you  things 
of  the  same  kind,  which  will  breed  no  small  admiration.' 
Dorothea  noted  Cardenio's  words  and  his  uncouth  and 
disastrous  attire,  and  then  entreated  him  very  instantly  if 
he  knew  anything  of  her  affairs  he  would  acquaint  her 
therewithal ;  for  if  fortune  had  left  her  any  good,  it  was 
only  the  courage  which  she  had  to  bear  patiently  any  dis- 
aster that  might  befall  her,  being  certain  in  her  opinion 
that  no  new  one  could  arrive  which  might  increase  a  whit 
those  she  had  already. 

*■  Lady,  I  would  not  let  slip  the  occasion,'  quoth  Car- 
denio, '  to  tell  you  what  I  think,  if  that  which  I  imagine 
were  true ;  and  yet  there  is  no  commodity  left  to  do  it, 
nor  can  it  avail  you  much  to  know  it.'  '  Let  it  be  what  it 
list,'  said  Dorothea ;  '  but  that  which  after  befel  of  my 
relation  was  this :  That  Don  Fernando  took  an  image  that 
was  in  my  chamber  for  witness  of  our  contract,  and  added 
withal  most  forcible  words  and  unusual  oaths,  promising 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  263 

unto  me  to  become  my  husband ;  although  I  warned  him, 
before  he  had  ended  his  speech,  to  see  well  what  he  did, 
and  to  weigh  the  wrath  of  his  father  when  he  should  see 
him  married  to  one  so  base  and  his  vassal,  and  that  there- 
fore he  should  take  heed  that  my  beauty  (such  as  it  was) 
should  not  blind  him,  seeing  he  should  not  find  therein  a 
sufficient  excuse  for  his  error,  and  that  if  he  meant  to  do 
me  any  good,  I  conjured  him,  by  the  love  that  he  bore 
unto  me,  to  licence  my  fortunes  to  rule  in  their  own 
sphere,  according  as  my  quality  reached ;  for  such  unequal 
matches  do  never  please  long,  nor  persevere  with  that 
delight  wherewithal  they  began. 

'  All  the  reasons  here  rehearsed  I  said  unto  him,  and 
many  more  which  now  are  fallen  out  of  mind,  but  yet 
proved  of  no  efficacy  to  wean  him  from  his  obstinate  pur- 
pose ;  even  like  unto  one  that  goeth  to  buy,  with  intention 
never  to  pay  for  what  he  takes,  and  therefore  never 
considers  the  price,  worth,  or  defect  of  the  stuff  he  takes 
to  credit.  I  at  this  season  made  a  brief  discourse,  and  said 
thus  to  myself,  *'  I  may  do  this,  for  I  am  not  the  first 
which  by  matrimony  hath  ascended  from  a  low  degree  to  a 
high  estate  ;  nor  shall  Don  Fernando  be  the  first  whom 
beauty  or  blind  affection  (for  that  is  the  most  certain)  hath 
induced  to  make  choice  of  a  consort  unequal  to  his  greatness. 
Then,  since  herein  I  create  no  new  world  nor  custom,  what 
error  can  be  committed  by  embracing  the  honour  where- 
withal fortune  crowns  me,  although  it  so  befel  that  his 
affection  to  me  endured  no  longer  than  till  he  accomplished 
his  will  ?  for  before  God  I  certes  shall  still  remain  his  wife. 
And  if  I  should  disdainfully  give  him  the  repulse,  I  see 
him  now  in  such  terms  as,  perhaps  forgetting  the  duty  of 
a  nobleman,  he  may  use  violence,  and  then  shall  I  remain 
for  ever  dishonoured,  and  also  without  excuse  of  the  im- 
putations of  the  ignorant,  which  knew  not  how  much 
without  any  fault  I  have  fallen  into  this  inevitable  danger  ; 
for  what  reasons  may  be  sufficiently  forcible  to  persuade 
my  father  and  others  that  this  nobleman  did  enter  into  my 
chamber  without  my  consent  ? ''  All  these  demands  and 
answers  did  I,  in  an  instant,  revolve  in  mine  imagination, 


264  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  found  myself  chiefly  forced  (how  I  cannot  tell)  to 
assent  to  his  petition  by  the  witnesses  he  invoked,  the 
tears  he  shed,  and  finally  by  his  sweet  disposition  and 
comely  feature,  which,  accompanied  with  so  many  argu- 
ments of  unfeigned  affection,  were  able  to  conquer  and 
enthrall  any  other  heart,  though  it  were  as  free  and  wary 
as  mine  own.  Then  called  I  for  my  waiting-maid,  that 
she  might  on  earth  accompany  the  celestial  witnesses. 

'  And  then  Don  Fernando  turned  again  to  reiterate  and 
confirm  his  oaths,  and  added  to  his  former  other  new 
saints  as  witnesses,  and  wished  a  thousand  succeeding 
maledictions  to  light  on  him  if  he  did  not  accomplish  his 
promise  to  me.  His  eyes  again  waxed  moist,  his  sighs 
increased,  and  himself  enwreathed  me  more  straitly  be- 
tween his  arms,  from  which  he  had  never  once  loosed  me ; 
and  with  this,  and  my  maiden's  departure,  I  left  to  be  a 
maiden,  and  he  began  to  be  a  traitor  and  a  disloyal  man. 
The  day  that  succeeded  to  the  night  of  my  mishaps  came 
not,  I  think,  so  soon  as  Don  Fernando  desired  it ;  for, 
after  a  man  hath  satisfied  that  which  the  appetite  covets, 
the  greatest  delight  it  can  take  after  is  to  apart  itself  from 
the  place  where  the  desire  was  accomplished.  I  say  this, 
because  Don  Fernando  did  hasten  his  departure  from  me  : 
by  my  maid's  industry,  who  was  the  very  same  that  had 
brought  him  into  my  chamber,  he  was  got  in  the  street 
before  dawning.  And  at  his  departure  from  me  he  said 
(although  not  with  so  great  show  of  affection  and  vehe- 
mency  as  he  had  used  at  his  coming)  that  I  might  be 
secure  of  his  faith,  and  that  his  oaths  were  firm  and  most 
true  ;  and  for  a  more  confirmation  of  his  word,  he  took  a 
rich  ring  off  his  finger  and  put  it  on  mine.  In  fine,  he 
departed,  and  I  remained  behind,  I  cannot  well  say 
whether  joyful  or  sad  ;  but  this  much  I  know,  that  I 
rested  confused  and  pensive,  and  almost  beside  myself  for 
the  late  mischance  ;  yet  either  I  had  not  the  heart,  or  else 
I  forgot  to  chide  my  maid  for  her  treachery  committed  by 
shutting  up  Don  Fernando  in  my  chamber  ;  for  as  yet  I 
could  not  determine  whether  that  which  had  befallen  me 
was  a  good  or  an  evil. 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  265 

'  I  said  to  Don  Fernando,  at  his  departure,  that  he  might 
see  me  other  nights  when  he  pleased,  by  the  same  means  he 
had  come  that  night,  seeing  I  was  his  own,  and  would  rest 
so,  until  it  pleased  him  to  let  the  world  know  that  I  was 
his  wife.  But  he  never  returned  again  but  the  next  night 
following,  nor  could  I  see  him  after,  for  the  space  of  a 
month,  either  in  the  street  or  church,  so  as  I  did  but 
spend  time  in  vain  to  expect  him  ;  although  I  understood 
tJhat  he  was  still  in  town,  and  rode  every  other  day 
a-hunting,  an  exercise  to  which  he  was  much  addicted. 

'  Those  days  were,  I  know,  unfortunate  and  accursed  to 
me,  and  those  hours  sorrowful ;  for  in  them  I  began  to 
doubt,  nay,  rather  wholly  to  discredit  Don  Fernando's 
faith  ;  and  my  maid  did  then  hear  loudly  the  checks  I  gave 
unto  her  for  her  presumption,  ever  until  then  dissembled  ; 
and  I  was,  moreover,  constrained  to  watch  and  keep  guard 
on  my  tears  and  countenance,  lest  I  should  give  occasion 
to  my  parents  to  demand  of  me  the  cause  of  my  dis- 
contents, and  thereby  engage  me  to  use  ambages  or 
untruths  to  cover  them.  But  all  this  ended  in  an  instant, 
one  moment  arriving  whereon  all  these  respects  stumbled, 
all  honourable  discourses  ended,  patience  was  lost,  and  my 
most  hidden  secrets  issued  in  public  ;  which  was,  when  there 
was  spread  a  certain  rumour  throughout  the  town,  within  a 
few  days  after,  that  Don  Fernando  had  married,  in  a  city 
near  adjoining,  a  damsel  of  surpassing  beauty,  and  of  very 
noble  birth,  although  not  so  rich  as  could  deserve,  by  her 
preferment  or  dowry,  so  worthy  a  husband  ;  it  was  also 
said  that  she  was  named  Lucinda,  with  many  other  things 
that  happened  at  their  espousals  worthy  of  admiration.* 
Garden io  hearing  Lucinda  named  did  nothing  else  but  lift 
up  his  shoulders,  bite  his  lip,  bend  his  brows,  and  after  a 
little  while  shed  from  his  eyes  two  floods  of  tears.  But 
yet  for  all  that  Dorothea  did  not  interrupt  the  file  of  her 
history,  saying,  *  This  doleful  news  came  to  my  hearing ; 
and  my  heart,  instead  of  freezing  thereat,  was  so  inflamed 
with  choler  and  rage,  as  I  had  well-nigh  run  out  to  the 
streets,  and  with  outcries  published  the  deceit  and  treason 
that  was  done  to  me  ;  but  my  fury  was  presently  assuaged 


266  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

by  the  resolution  which  I  made  to  do  what  I  put  in 
execution  the  very  same  night,  and  then  I  put  on  this 
habit  which  you  see,  being  given  unto  me  by  one  of  those 
that  among  us  country-folk  are  called  swains,  who  was  my 
father's  servant ;  to  whom  I  disclosed  all  my  misfortunes, 
and  requested  him  to  accompany  me  to  the  city  where  I 
understood  my  enemy  sojourned.  He,  after  he  had 
reprehended  my  boldness,  perceiving  me  to  have  an 
inflexible  resolution,  made  offer  to  attend  on  me,  as  he 
said,  unto  the  end  of  the  world ;  and  presently  after  I 
trussed  up  in  a  pillow-bear  a  woman's  attire,  some  money, 
and  jewels,  to  prevent  necessities  that  might  befal  ;  and  in 
the  silence  of  night,  without  acquainting  my  treacherous 
maid  with  my  purpose,  I  issued  out  of  my  house,  accom- 
panied by  my  servant  and  many  imaginations,  and  in  that 
manner  set  on  towards  the  city,  and  though  I  went  on  foot, 
was  yet  borne  away  flying  by  my  desires,  to  come,  if  not  in 
time  enough  to  hinder  that  which  was  past,  yet  at  least  to 
demand  of  Don  Fernando  that  he  would  tell  me  with  what 
conscience  of  soul  he  had  done  it.  I  arrived  where  I 
wished  within  two  days  and  a  half;  and  at  the  entry  of 
the  city  I  demanded  where  Lucinda  her  father  dwelt ;  and 
he  of  whom  I  first  demanded  the  question  answered  me 
more  than  I  desired  to  hear.  He  showed  me  the  house, 
and  recounted  to  me  all  that  befel  at  the  daughter's 
marriage,  being  a  thing  so  public  and  known  in  the  city, 
as  men  made  meetings  of  purpose  to  discourse  thereof. 

'  He  said  to  me  that  the  very  night  wherein  Don 
Fernando  was  espoused  to  Lucinda,  after  she  had  given 
her  consent  to  be  his  wife,  she  was  instantly  assailed  by  a 
terrible  accident  that  struck  her  into  a  trance,  and  her 
spouse  approaching  to  unclasp  her  bosom  that  she  might 
take  the  air,  found  a  paper  folded  in  it,  written  with 
Lucinda's  own  hand,  wherein  she  said  and  declared  that 
she  could  not  be  Don  Fernando' s  wife,  because  she  was 
already  Cardenio's,  who  was,  as  the  man  told  me,  a  very 
principal  gentleman  of  the  same  city ;  and  that  if  she  had 
given  her  consent  to  Don  Fernando,  it  was  only  done 
because  she  would  not  disobey  her  parents.    In  conclusion. 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S  STORY  267 

he  told  me  that  the  paper  made  also  mention  how  she  had 
a  resolution  to  kill  herself  presently  after  the  marriage, 
and  did  also  lay  down  therein  the  motives  she  had  to  do 
it ;  all  which,  as  they  say,  was  confirmed  by  a  poniard  that 
was  found  hidden  about  her  in  her  apparel.  Which  Don 
Fernando  perceiving,  presuming  that  Lucinda  did  flout 
him,  and  hold  him  in  little  account,  he  set  upon  her  ere 
she  was  come  to  herself,  and  attempted  to  kill  her  with 
the  very  same  poniard,  and  had  done  it,  if  her  father  and 
other  friends  which  were  present  had  not  opposed  them- 
selves and  hindered  his  determination.  Moreover,  they 
reported  that  presently  after  Don  Fernando  absented 
himself  from  the  city,  and  that  Lucinda  turned  not  out 
of  her  agony  until  the  next  day,  and  then  recounted  to 
her  parents  how  she  was  verily  spouse  to  that  Cardenio  of 
whom  we  spake  even  now.  I  learned  besides  that  Car- 
denio, as  it  is  rumoured,  was  present  at  the  marriage, 
and  that  as  soon  as  he  saw  her  married,  being  a  thing  he 
would  never  have  credited,  departed  out  of  the  city  in  a 
desperate  mood,  but  first  left  behind  him  a  letter,  wherein 
he  showed  at  large  the  wrong  Lucinda  had  done  to  him,  and 
that  he  himself  meant  to  go  to  some  place  where  people 
should  never  after  hear  of  him.  All  this  was  notorious, 
and  publicly  bruited  throughout  the  city,  and  every  one 
spoke  thereof,  but  most  of  all  having  very  soon  after 
understood  that  Lucinda  was  missing  from  her  parents' 
house  and  the  city,  for  she  could  not  be  found  in  neither  of 
both  ;  for  which  her  parents  were  almost  beside  themselves, 
not  knowing  what  means  to  use  to  find  her. 

*  These  news  reduced  my  hopes  again  to  their  ranks, 
and  I  esteemed  it  better  to  find  Don  Fernando  unmarried 
than  married,  presuming  that  yet  the  gates  of  my  remedy 
were  not  wholly  shut,  I  giving  myself  to  understand  that 
Heaven  had  peradventure  set  that  impediment  on  the 
second  marriage  to  make  him  understand  what  he  ought 
to  the  first,  and  to  remember  how  he  was  a  Christian,  and 
that  he  was  more  obliged  to  his  soul  than  to  human 
respects.  I  revolved  all  these  things  in  my  mind,  and 
comfortless  did  yet  comfort  myself,  by  feigning  large  yet 


268  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

languishing  hopes,  to  sustain  that  life  which  I  now  do  so 
much  abhor.  And  whilst  I  stayed  thus  in  the  city,  igno- 
rant what  I  might  do,  seeing  I  found  not  Don  Fernando, 
I  heard  a  crier  go  about  publicly,  promising  great  rewards 
to  any  one  that  could  find  me  out,  giving  signs  of  the  very 
age  and  apparel  I  wore  ;  and  I  likewise  heard  it  was  bruited 
abroad  that  the  youth  which  came  with  me  had  carried  me 
away  from  my  father's  house — a  thing  that  touched  my 
soul  very  nearly,  to  view  my  credit  so  greatly  wrecked, 
seeing  that  it  was  not  sufficient  to  have  lost  it  by  my 
coming  away,  without  the  addition  [of]  him  with  whom  I 
departed,  being  a  subject  so  base  and  unworthy  of  my 
loftier  thoughts.  Having  heard  this  cry,  I  departed  out  of 
the  city  with  my  servant,  who  even  then  began  to  give 
tokens  that  he  faltered  in  the  fidelity  he  had  promised  to 
me  ;  and  both  of  us  together  entered  the  very  same  night 
into  the  most  hidden  parts  of  this  mountain,  fearing  lest 
we  might  be  found.  But,  as  it  is  commonly  said  that  one 
evil  calls  on  another,  and  that  the  end  of  one  disaster  is 
the  beginning  of  a  greater,  so  proved  it  with  me  ;  for  my 
good  servant,  until  then  faithful  and  trusty,  rather  incited 
by  his  own  villany  than  my  beauty,  thought  to  have  taken 
the  benefit  of  the  opportunity  which  these  inhabitable 
places  offered,  and  solicited  me  of  love,  with  little  shame 
and  less  fear  of  God,  or  respect  of  myself;  and  now 
seeing  that  I  answered  his  impudences  with  severe  and 
reprehensive  words,  leaving  the  entreaties  aside  where- 
withal he  thought  first  to  have  compassed  his  will,  he 
began  to  use  his  force  ;  but  just  Heaven,  which  seldom  or 
never  neglects  the  just  man's  assistance,  did  so  favour  my 
proceedings,  as  with  my  weak  forces,  and  very  little 
labour,  I  threw  him  down  a  steep  rock,  and  there  I  left 
him,  I  know  not  whether  alive  or  dead  ;  and  presently  I 
entered  in  among  these  mountains  with  more  swiftness 
than  my  fear  and  weariness  required,  having  therein  no 
other  project  or  design  than  to  hide  myself  in  them,  and 
shun  my  father  and  others,  which  by  his  entreaty  and 
means  sought  for  me  everywhere. 

'Some   months  are  past   since   my   first    coming    here, 


Chap.  I  DOROTHEA'S   STORY  269 

where  I  found  a  herdman,  who  carried  me  to  a  village 
seated  in  the  midst  of  these  rocks,  wherein  he  dwelt,  and 
entertained  me,  whom  I  have  served  as  a  shepherd  ever 
since,  procuring  as  much  as  lay  in  me  to  abide  still  in  the 
field,  to  cover  these  hairs  which  have  now  so  unexpectedly 
betrayed  me  ;  yet  all  my  care  and  industry  availed  not, 
seeing  my  master  came  at  last  to  the  notice  that  I  was  no 
man,  but  a  woman,  which  was  an  occasion  that  the  like 
evil  thought  sprung  in  him  as  before  in  my  servant  ;  and 
as  fortune  gives  not  always  remedy  for  the  difficulties 
which  occur,  I  found  neither  rock  nor  downfall  to  cool 
and  cure  my  master's  infirmity,  as  I  had  done  for  my  man, 
and  therefore  I  accounted  it  a  less  inconvenience  to  depart 
thence,  and  hide  myself  again  among  these  deserts,  than 
to  adventure  the  trial  of  my  strength  or  reason  with  him ; 
therefore,  as  I  say,  I  turned  to  imbosk  myself,  and  search 
out  some  place  where,  without  any  encumbrance,  I  might 
entreat  Heaven,  with  my  sighs  and  tears,  to  have  com- 
passion on  my  mishap,  and  lend  me  industry  and  favour, 
either  to  issue  fortunately  out  of  it,  or  else  to  die  amidst 
these  solitudes,  not  leaving  any  memory  of  a  wretch,  who 
hath  ministered  matter,  although  not  through  her  own 
default,  that  men  may  speak  and  murmur  of  her,  both  in 
her  own  and  in  other  countries.' 


CHAPTER  II 

Which  treats  of  the  'Discretion  of  the  Beautiful  Dorothea^  and 
the  Artificial  Manner  used  to  dissuade  the  Amorous  Knight 
from  continuing  his  Penance;  and  how  he  was  gotten 
away;  with  many  other  delightful  and  pleasant  occurrences 

*  This  is,  sirs,  the  true  relation  of  my  tragedy  ;  see  there- 
fore, now,  and  judge,  whether  the  sighs  you  heard,  the 
words  to  which  you  listened,  and  the  tears  that  gushed  out 
at  mine  eyes,  have  not  had  sufficient  occasion  to  appear  in 


270  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

greater  abundance  ;  and,  having  considered  the  quality  of 
my  disgrace,  you  shall  perceive  all  comfort  to  be  vain, 
seeing  the  remedy  thereof  is  impossible.  Only  I  will 
request  at  your  hands  one  favour,  which  you  ought  and 
may  easily  grant,  and  is,  that  you  will  address  me  unto 
some  place  where  I  may  live  secure  from  the  fear  and 
suspicion  I  have  to  be  found  by  those  which  I  know  do 
daily  travel  in  my  pursuit  ;  for  although  I  am  sure  that 
my  parents'  great  affection  toward  me  doth  warrant  me  to 
be  kindly  received  and  entertained  by  them,  yet  the  shame 
is  so  great  that  possesseth  me,  only  to  think  that  I  shall 
not  return  to  their  presence  in  that  state  which  they  expect, 
as  I  account  it  far  better  to  banish  myself  from  their  sight 
for  ever,  than  once  to  behold  their  face  with  the  least 
suspicion  that  they  again  would  behold  mine,  divorced  from 
that  honesty  which  whilom  my  modest  behaviour  promised.' 
Here  she  ended,  and  her  face,  suddenly  overrun  by  a  lovely 
scarlet,  perspicuously  denoted  the  feeling  and  bashfulness 
of  her  soul. 

The  audients  of  her  sad  story  felt  great  motions  both  of 
pity  and  admiration  for  her  misfortunes  ;  and  although  the 
curate  thought  to  comfort  and  counsel  her  forthwith,  yet 
was  he  prevented  by  Cardenio,  who,  taking  her  first  by  the 
hand,  said  at  last,  '  Lady,  thou  art  the  beautiful  Dorothea, 
daughter  unto  rich  Clenardo.'  Dorothea  rested  admired 
when  she  heard  her  father's  name,  and  saw  of  how  little 
value  he  seemed  who  had  named  him,  for  we  have  already 
recounted  how  raggedly  Cardenio  was  clothed  ;  and  there- 
fore she  said  unto  him,  '  And  who  art  thou,  friend,  that 
knowest  so  well  my  father's  name  ?  for  until  this  hour  (if 
I  have  not  forgotten  myself)  I  did  not  once  name  him 
throughout  the  whole  discourse  of  my  unfortunate  tale.' 

'  I  am,'  answered  Cardenio,  '  the  unlucky  knight  whom 
Lucinda  (as  thou  saidst)  affirmed  to  be  her  husband.  I  am 
the  disastrous  Cardenio,  whom  the  wicked  proceeding  of 
him  that  hath  also  brought  thee  to  those  terms  wherein 
thou  art,  hath  conducted  me  to  the  state  in  which  I  am, 
and  thou  mayst  behold — ragged,  naked,  abandoned  by  all 
human  comfort,  and,  what  is  worse,  void  of  sense,  seeing 


Chap.  II        CARDENIO   AND   DOROTHEA  271 

I  only  enjoy  it  but  at  some  few  short  times,  and  that  when 
Heaven  pleaseth  to  lend  it  me.  I  am  he,  Dorothea,  that 
was  present  at  Don  Fernando's  unreasonable  wedding,  and 
that  heard  the  consent  which  Lucinda  gave  him  to  be  his 
wife.  I  was  he  that  had  not  the  courage  to  stay  and  see 
the  end  of  her  trance,  or  what  became  of  the  paper  found 
in  her  bosom  ;  for  my  soul  had  not  power  or  sufferance 
to  behold  so  many  misfortunes  at  once,  and  therefore 
abandoned  the  place  and  my  patience  together,  and  only 
left  a  letter  with  mine  host,  whom  I  entreated  to  deliver  it 
into  Lucinda  her  own  hands,  and  then  came  into  these 
deserts,  with  resolution  to  end  in  them  my  miserable  life, 
which,  since  that  hour,  I  have  hated  as  my  most  mortal 
enemy  ;  but  fortune  hath  not  pleased  to  deprive  me  of  it, 
thinking  it  sufficient  to  have  impaired  my  wit,  perhaps 
reserving  me  for  the  good  success  befallen  me  now  in 
finding  of  yourself;  for,  that  being  true  (as  I  believe  it 
is)  which  you  have  here  discoursed,  peradventure  it  may 
have  reserved  yet  better  hap  for  us  both  in  our  disasters 
than  we  expect. 

'  For,  presupposing  that  Lucinda  cannot  marry  with 
Don  Fernando,  because  she  is  mine,  nor  Don  Fernando 
with  her,  because  yours,  and  that  she  hath  declared  so 
manifestly  the  same,  we  may  well  hope  that  Heaven  hath 
means  to  restore  to  every  one  that  which  is  his  own, 
seeing  it  yet  consists  in  being  not  made  away  or  annihilated. 
And  seeing  this  comfort  remains,  not  sprung  from  any 
very  remote  hope,  nor  founded  on  idle  surmises,  I  request 
thee,  fair  lady,  to  take  another  resolution  in  thine  honour- 
able thought,  seeing  I  mean  to  do  it  in  mine,  and  let  us 
accommodate  ourselves  to  expect  better  success  ;  for  I 
do  vow  unto  thee,  by  the  faith  of  a  gentleman  and 
Christian,  not  to  forsake  thee  until  I  see  thee  in  Don 
Fernando's  possession  ;  and  when  I  shall  not,  by  reasons, 
be  able  to  induce  him  to  acknowledge  how  far  he  rests 
indebted  to  thee,  then  will  I  use  the  liberty  granted  to 
me  as  a  gentleman,  and  with  just  title  challenge  him  to 
the  field  in  respect  of  the  wrong  he  hath  done  unto  thee, 
forgetting  wholly  mine  own  injuries,  whose  revenge  I  will 


272  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

leave  to  Heaven,  that  I  may  be  able  to  right  yours  on 
earth.' 

Dorothea  rested  wonderfully  admired,  having  known 
and  heard  Cardenio,  and,  ignoring  what  competent  thanks 
she  might  return  him  in  satisfaction  of  his  large  offers, 
she  cast  herself  down  at  his  feet  to  have  kissed  them, 
which  Cardenio  would  not  permit  ;  and  the  licentiate 
answered  for  both,  praising  greatly  Cardenio's  discourse, 
and  chiefly  entreated,  prayed,  and  counselled  them,  that 
they  would  go  with  him  to  his  village,  where  they 
might  fit  themselves  with  such  things  as  they  wanted, 
and  also  take  order  how  to  search  out  Don  Fernando, 
or  carry  Dorothea  to  her  father's  house,  or  do  else  what 
they  deemed  most  convenient.  Cardenio  and  Dorothea 
gratified  his  courtesies,  and  accepted  the  favour  he  pre- 
ferred. The  barber  also,  who  had  stood  all  the  while 
silent  and  suspended,  made  them  a  pretty  discourse,  with 
as  friendly  an  offer  of  himself  and  his  service  as  master 
curate,  and  likewise  did  briefly  relate  the  occasion  of  their 
coming  thither,  with  the  extravagant  kind  of  madness 
which  Don  Quixote  had,  and  how  they  expected  now  his 
squire's  return,  whom  they  had  sent  to  search  for  him. 
Cardenio  having  heard  him  named,  remembered  presently, 
as  in  a  dream,  the  conflict  passed  between  them  both,  and 
recounted  it  unto  them,  but  could  not  in  any  wise  call  to 
mind  the  occasion  thereof. 

By  this  time  they  heard  one  call  for  them,  and  knew 
by  the  voice  that  it  was  Sancho  Panza's,  who,  because  he 
found  them  not  in  the  place  where  he  had  left  them,  cried 
out  for  them  as  loudly  as  he  might.  They  went  to  meet 
him,  and  demanding  for  Don  Quixote,  he  answered  that 
he  found  him  all  naked  to  his  shirt,  lean,  yellow,  almost 
dead  for  hunger,  and  sighing  for  his  Lady  Dulcinea  ; 
and,  although  he  had  told  him  how  she  commanded  him 
to  repair  presently  to  Toboso,  where  she  expected  him, 
yet,  notwithstanding,  he  answered  that  he  was  determined 
never  to  appear  before  her  beauty  until  he  had  done 
feats  that  should  make  him  worthy  of  her  gracious 
favour.      And  then  the  squire  affirmed,  if  that   humour 


Chap.  II    DOROTHEA   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  273 

passed  on  any  further,  he  feared  his  lord  would  be  in 
danger  never  to  become  an  emperor,  as  he  was  bound 
in  honour,  no,  nor  a  cardinal,  which  was  the  least  that 
could  be  expected  of  him. 

The  licentiate  bid  him  be  of  good  cheer,  for  they  would 
bring  him  from  thence  whether  he  would  or  no ;  and 
recounted  to  Cardenio  and  Dorothea  what  they  had  be- 
thought for  Don  Quixote's  remedy,  or,  at  least,  for  the 
carrying  him  home  to  his  house.  To  that  Dorothea 
answered  that  she  would  counterfeit  the  distressed  lady 
better  than  the  barber,  and  chiefly  seeing  she  had  apparel 
wherewithal  to  act  it  most  naturally,  and  therefore  desired 
them  to  leave  to  her  charge  the  representing  of  all  that 
which  should  be  needful  for  the  achieving  of  their  design ; 
for  she  had  read  many  books  of  knighthood,  and  knew 
well  the  style  that  distressed  damsels  used  when  they 
requested  any  favour  of  knights-adventurers.  *  And  then 
need  we  nothing  else,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  but  only  to  put 
our  purpose  presently  in  execution  ;  for,  questionless,  good 
success  turns  on  our  side,  seeing  it  hath  so  unexpectedly 
begun  already  to  open  the  gates  of  your  remedy,  and  hath 
also  facilitated  for  us  that  whereof  we  had  most  necessity 
in  this  exigent.'  Dorothea  took  forthwith  out  of  her 
pillow-bear  a  whole  gown  of  very  rich  stuff,  and  a  short 
mantle  of  another  green  stuff,  and  a  collar,  and  many 
other  rich  jewels  out  of  a  box,  wherewithal  she  adorned 
herself  in  a  trice  so  gorgeously  as  she  seemed  a  very  rich 
and  goodly  lady.  All  which,  and  much  more,  she  had 
brought  with  her,  as  she  said,  from  her  house,  to  prevent 
what  might  happen,  but  never  had  any  use  of  them  until 
then.  Her  grace,  gesture,  and  beauty  liked  them  all 
extremely,  and  made  them  account  Don  Fernando  to  be  a 
man  of  little  understanding,  seeing  he  contemned  such 
feature.  But  he  which  was  most  of  all  admired  was 
Sancho  Panza,  because,  as  he  thought  (and  it  was  so 
indeed),  that  he  had  not  in  all  the  days  of  his  life  before 
seen  so  fair  a  creature  ;  and  he  requested  the  curate,  very 
seriously,  to  tell  him  who  that  beautiful  lady  was,  and 
what  she  sought  among  those  thoroughfares.     'This  fair 


274  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

lady,  friend  Sancho/  answered  the  curate,  '  is  (as  if  a  man 
said  nothing  she  is  so  great)  heir-apparent,  by  direct  line, 
of  the  mighty  kingdom  of  Micomicon,  and  comes  in  the 
search  of  your  lord,  to  demand  a  boon  of  him,  which  is, 
that  he  will  destroy  and  undo  a  great  wrong  done  unto 
her  by  a  wicked  giant ;  and,  through  the  great  fame  which 
is  spread  over  all  Guinea  of  your  lord's  prowess,  this 
princess  is  come  to  find  him  out.'  '  A  happy  searcher,  and 
a  fortunate  finding ! '  quoth  Sancho ;  '  and  chiefly,  if  my 
master  be  so  happy  as  to  right  that  injury  and  redress  that 
wrong  by  killing  that,  O !  the  mighty  lubber  of  a  giant 
whom  you  say.  Yes,  he  will  kill  him,  I  am  very  certain,  if 
he  can  once  but  meet  him,  and  if  he  be  not  a  spirit ;  for  my 
master  hath  no  kind  of  power  over  spirits.  But  I  must 
request  one  favour  of  you  among  others  most  earnestly, 
good  master  licentiate,  and  it  is,  that  to  the  end  my  lord 
may  not  take  an  humour  of  becoming  a  cardinal  (which  is 
the  thing  I  fear  most  in  this  world),  that  you  will  give 
him  counsel  to  marry  this  princess  presently,  and  by  that 
means  he  shall  remain  incapable  of  the  dignity  of  a  cardinal, 
and  will  come  very  easily  by  his  empire,  and  I  to  the  end 
of  my  desires ;  for  I  have  thought  well  of  the  matter,  and 
have  found  that  it  is  in  no  wise  expedient  that  my  lord 
should  become  a  cardinal ;  for  I  am  wholly  unfit  for  any 
ecclesiastical  dignity,  seeing  I  am  a  married  man,  and  there- 
fore, to  trouble  myself  now  with  seeking  of  dispensations 
to  enjoy  church  livings,  having,  as  I  have,  both  wife  and 
children,  were  never  to  end.  So  that  all  my  good  con- 
sists in  that  my  lord  do  marry  this  princess  instantly, 
whose  name  yet  I  know  not,  and  therefore  I  have  not  said 
it.'  '  She  is  hight,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  the  Princess  Mico- 
micona ;  for  her  kingdom  being  called  Micomicon,  it  is 
evident  she  must  be  termed  so.' 

'That  is  questionless,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  'for  I  have  known 
many  to  take  their  denomination  and  surname  from  the 
place  of  their  birth,  calling  themselves  Peter  of  Alcala, 
John  of  Ubeda,  and  James  of  Valladolid ;  and  perhaps  in 
Guinea  princes  and  queens  use  the  same  custom,  and  call 
themselves  by  the  names  of  their  provinces.' 


Chap.  II    DOROTHEA   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  275 

'  So  I  think/  quoth  the  curate ;  *  and  as  touching  your 
master's  marriage  with  her,  I  will  labour  therein  as  much 
as  lies  in  my  power/  Wherewithal  Sancho  remained  as 
well  satisfied  as  the  curate  admired  at  his  simplicity,  and 
to  see  how  firmly  he  had  fixed  in  his  fantasy  the  very 
ravings  of  his  master,  seeing  he  did  believe  without  doubt 
that  his  lord  should  become  an  emperor.  Dorothea  in 
this  space  had  gotten  upon  the  curate's  mule,  and  the 
barber  had  somewhat  better  fitted  the  beard  which  he 
made  of  the  ox's  tail  on  his  face,  and  did  after  entreat 
Sancho  to  guide  them  to  the  place  where  Don  Quixote 
was,  and  advertised  him  withal  that  he  should  in  no  wise 
take  any  notice  of  the  curate  or  barber,  or  confess  in  any 
sort  that  he  knew  them,  for  therein  consisted  all  the 
means  of  bringing  Don  Quixote  to  the  mind  to  become 
an  emperor.  Yet  Cardenio  would  not  go  with  them, 
fearing  lest  thereby  Don  Quixote  might  call  to  mind  their 
contention ;  and  the  curate,  thinking  also  that  his  presence 
was  not  expedient,  remained  with  him,  letting  the  others 
go  before,  and  these  followed  afar  off  fair  and  softly 
on  foot ;  and  ere  they  departed,  the  curate  instructed 
Dorothea  anew  what  she  should  say,  who  bid  him  to 
fear  nothing,  for  she  would  discharge  her  part  to  his 
satisfaction,  and  as  books  of  chivalry  required  and  laid 
down. 

They  travelled  about  three-quarters  of  a  league,  as  they 
espied  the  knight,  and  at  last  they  discovered  him  among 
a  number  of  intricate  rocks,  all  apparelled,  but  not  armed ; 
and  as  soon  as  Dorothea  beheld  him,  she  struck  her  pal- 
frey, her  well-bearded  barber  following  her ;  and  as  they 
approached  Don  Quixote,  the  barber  leaped  lightly  down 
from  his  mule  and  ran  towards  Dorothea  to  take  her 
down  between  his  arms,  who,  alighting,  went  with  a  very 
good  grace  towards  Don  Quixote,  and  kneeled  before  him. 
And  although  he  strived  to  make  her  arise,  yet  she, 
remaining  still  on  her  knees,  spake  to  him  in  this  manner : 
'  I  will  not  arise  from  hence,  thrice  valorous  and  approved 
knight,  until  your  bounty  and  courtesy  shall  grant  unto 
me  one  boon,  which  shall  much  redound  unto  your  honour 


276  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  prize  of  your  person,  and  to  the  profit  of  the  most 
disconsolate  and  wronged  damsel  that  the  sun  hath  ever 
seen.  And  if  it  be  so  that  the  valour  of  your  invincible 
arm  be  correspondent  to  the  bruit  of  your  immortal  fame, 
you  are  obliged  to  succour  this  comfortless  wight  that 
comes  from  lands  so  remote,  to  the  sound  of  your  famous 
name,  searching  you  for  to  remedy  her  mishaps.' 

'  I  will  not  answer  you  a  word,  fair  lady,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  nor  hear  a  jot  of  your  affair,  until  you  arise 
from  the  ground.'  '  I  will  not  get  up  from  hence,  my 
lord,'  quoth  the  afflicted  lady,  '  if  first,  of  your  wonted 
bounty,  you  do  not  grant  to  my  request.'  *  I  do  give  and 
grant  it,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  so  that  it  be  not  a  thing  that 
may  turn  to  the  damage  or  hindrance  of  my  king,  my 
country,  or  of  her  that  keeps  the  key  of  my  heart  and 
liberty.'  '  It  shall  not  turn  to  the  damage  or  hindrance  of 
those  you  have  said,  good  sir,'  replied  the  dolorous 
damsel ;  and,  as  she  was  saying  this,  Sancho  Panza  rounded 
his  lord  in  the  ear,  saying  softly  to  him,  '  Sir,  you  may 
very  well  grant  the  request  she  asketh,  for  it  is  a  matter 
of  nothing ;  it  is  only  to  kill  a  monstrous  giant,  and  she 
that  demands  it  is  the  mighty  Princess  Micomicona,  queen 
of  the  great  kingdom  of  Micomicon  in  Ethiopia.'  '  Let 
her  be  what  she  will,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  I  will 
accomplish  what  I  am  bound,  and  my  conscience  shall 
inform  me  conformable  to  the  state  I  have  professed.' 
And  then,  turning  to  the  damsel,  he  said,  '  Let  your  great 
beauty  arise ;  for  I  grant  to  you  any  boon  which  you  shall 
please  to  ask  of  me.'  '  Why,  then,'  quoth  the  damsel, 
'  that  which  I  demand  is  that  your  magnanimous  person 
come  presently  away  with  me  to  the  place  where  I  shall  carry 
you,  and  do  likewise  make  me  a  promise  not  to  undertake 
any  other  adventure  or  demand  until  you  revenge  me 
upon  a  traitor  who  hath,  against  all  laws,  both  divine  and 
human,  usurped  my  kingdom.'  '  I  say  that  I  grant  you 
all  that,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  and  therefore,  lady,  you 
may  cast  away  from  this  day  forward  all  the  melancholy 
that  troubles  you,  and  labour  that  your  languishing  and 
dismayed    hopes    may  recover    again    new    strength    and 


Chap.  II    DOROTHEA  AND   DON   QUIXOTE  277 

courage ;  for,  by  the  help  of  God,  and  that  of  mine  arm, 
you  shall  see  yourself  shortly  restored  to  your  kingdom, 
and  enthroned  in  the  chair  of  your  ancient  and  great  estate, 
in  despite  and  maugre  the  traitors  that  shall  dare  gainsay 
it :  and  therefore,  hands,  to  the  work ;  for  they  say  that 
danger  always  follows  delay/  The  distressed  damsel 
strove  with  much  ado  to  kiss  his  hand,  but  Don  Quixote, 
who  was  a  most  accomplished  knight  for  courtesy,  would 
never  condescend  thereunto ;  but,  making  her  arise,  he 
embraced  her  with  great  kindness  and  respect,  and  com- 
manded Sancho  to  saddle  Rozinante,  and  help  him  to  arm 
himself. 

Sancho  took  down  the  arms  forthwith,  which  hung  on  a 
tree  like  trophies,  and,  searching  the  girths,  armed  his  lord 
in  a  moment,  who,  seeing  himself  armed,  said,  '  Let  us, 
in  God's  name,  depart  from  hence  to  assist  this  great  lady.' 
The  barber  kneeled  all  this  while,  and  could  with  much 
ado  dissemble  his  laughter,  or  keep  on  his  beard  that 
threatened  still  to  fall  ofF,  with  whose  fall,  perhaps,  thev 
should  all  have  remained  without  bringing  their  good  pur- 
pose to  pass.  And  seeing  that  the  boon  was  granted,  and 
noted  the  diligence  wherewithal  Don  Quixote  made  himself 
ready  to  depart  and  accomplish  the  same,  he  arose  and 
took  his  lady  by  the  hand,  and  both  of  them  together  holp 
her  upon  her  mule ;  and  presently  after  Don  Quixote 
leaped  on  Rozinante,  and  the  barber  got  on  his  beast, 
Sancho  only  remaining  afoot,  where  he  afresh  renewed  the 
memory  of  the  loss  of  his  grey  ass,  with  the  want  pro- 
cured to  him  thereby ;  but  all  this  he  bore  with  very  great 
patience,  because  he  supposed  that  his  lord  was  now  in  the 
way  and  next  degree  to  be  an  emperor ;  for  he  made  an 
infallible  account  that  he  would  marry  that  princess,  and 
at  least  be  king  of  Micomicon.  But  yet  it  grieved  him 
to  think  how  that  kingdom  was  in  the  country  of  black 
Moors,  and  that  therefore  the  nation  which  should  be 
given  to  him  for  his  vassals  should  be  all  black,  for  which 
difficulty  his  imagination  coined  presently  a  good 
remedy,  and  he  discoursed  with  himself  in  this  manner : 
'  Why   should  I  care    though    my   subjects  be    all    black 


278  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Moors  ?  Is  there  any  more  to  be  done  than  to  load 
them  in  a  ship  and  bring  them  into  Spain,  where  I 
may  sell  them,  and  receive  the  price  of  them  in 
ready  money  ?  And  with  that  money  may  I  buy  some 
title  or  office,  wherein  I  may  after  live  at  mine 
ease  all  the  days  of  my  life.  No !  but  sleep,  and 
have  no  wit  or  ability  to  dispose  of  things;  and  to  sell 
thirty  or  ten  thousand  vassals  in  the  space  that  one  would 
say,  Give  me  those  straws.  I  will  despatch  them  all;  they 
shall  fly,  the  little  with  the  great,  or  as  I  can  best  contrive 
the  matter ;  and  be  they  ever  so  black,  I  will  transform 
them  into  white  or  yellow  ones.  Come  near,  and  see 
whether  I  cannot  suck  well  my  fingers'  ends.'  And  thus 
he  travelled,  so  solicitous  and  glad  as  he  quite  forgot  his 
pain  of  travelling  afoot.  Cardenio  and  the  curate  stood  in 
the  meantime  beholding  all  that  passed  from  behind  some 
brambles  where  they  lay  lurking,  and  were  in  doubt  what 
means  to  use  to  issue  and  join  in  company  with  them. 
But  the  curate,  who  was  an  ingenious  and  prompt  plotter, 
devised  instantly  what  was  to  be  done  that  they  might 
attain  their  desire.  Thus,  he  took  out  of  his  case  a  pair 
of  shears,  and  cut  off  Cardenio's  beard  therewithal  in  a 
trice,  and  then  gave  unto  him  to  wear  a  riding  capouch 
which  he  himself  had  on,  and  a  black  cloak,  and  himself 
walked  in  a  doublet  and  hose.  Cardenio,  thus  attired, 
looked  so  unlike  that  he  was  before,  as  he  would  not  have 
known  himself  in  a  looking-glass.  This  being  finished, 
and  the  others  gone  on  before  whilst  they  disguised  them- 
selves, they  sallied  out  with  facility  to  the  highway  before 
Don  Quixote  or  his  company ;  for  the  rocks  and  many 
other  bad  passages  did  not  permit  those  that  were  a-horse- 
back  to  make  so  speedy  an  end  of  their  journey  as  they. 
And  having  thoroughly  passed  the  mountain,  they  expected 
at  the  foot  thereof  for  the  knight  and  his  company,  who 
when  he  appeared,  the  curate  looked  on  him  very  earnestly 
for  a  great  space,  with  inkling  that  he  began  to  know  him. 
And  after  he  had  a  good  while  beheld  him,  he  ran  towards 
him  with  his  arms  spread  abroad,  saying,  *  In  a  good  hour 
be  the  mirror  of  all   knighthood   found,  and    my   noble 


Chap.  II  LEAVING  THE   MOUNTAINS  279 

countryman,  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha  !  the  flower  and 
cream  of  gentility,  the  shadow  and  remedy  of  the  afflicted, 
and  the  quintessence  of  knights-errant  ! '  and,  saying  this, 
he  held  Don  Quixote  his  left  thigh  embraced;  who,  ad- 
miring at  that  which  he  heard  that  man  to  say  and  do,  did 
also  review  him  with  attention,  and  finally  knew  him,  and, 
all  amazed  to  see  him,  made  much  ado  to  alight ;  but  the 
curate  would  not  permit  him.  Wherefore  Don  Quixote 
said,  '  Good  master  licentiate,  permit  me  to  alight ;  for  it 
is  in  no  sort  decent  that  I  be  a-horseback,  and  so  reverend 
a  person  as  you  go  on  foot.'  '  I  will  never  consent  there- 
unto,' quoth  the  curate ;  *  your  highness  must  needs  stay 
on  horseback,  seeing  that  thereon  you  are  accustomed  to 
achieve  the  greatest  feats  of  chivalry  and  adventures  which 
were  ever  seen  in  our  age.  For  it  shall  suffice  me,  who 
am  an  unworthy  priest,  to  get  up  behind  some  one  of  these 
other  gentlemen  that  ride  in  your  company,  if  they  will 
not  take  it  in  bad  part ;  yea,  and  I  will  make  account  that 
I  ride  on  Pegasus,  or  the  zebra  ^  of  the  famous  Moor 
Muzaraque,  who  lies  yet  enchanted  in  the  steep  rock  of 
Zulema,  near  unto  Alcala  of  Henares.' 

'  Truly,  I  did  not  think  upon  it,  good  master  licentiate,' 
answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  yet,  I  presume,  my  lady  the 
princess  will  be  well  apaid,  for  my  sake,  to  command  her 
squire  to  lend  you  the  use  of  his  saddle,  and  to  get  up 
himself  on  the  crupper,  if  so  it  be  that  the  beast  will  bear 
double.'  '  Yes,  that  it  will,'  said  the  princess,  *  for  aught 
I  know  ;  and  likewise,  I  am  sure,  it  will  not  be  necessary 
to  command  my  squire  to  alight,  for  he  is  of  himself  so 
courteous  and  courtly  as  he  will  in  no  wise  condescend 
that  an  ecclesiastical  man  should  go  on  foot  when  he  may 
help  him  to  a  horse.' 

'That  is  most  certain,'  quoth  the  barber  ;  and,  saying  so, 
he  alighted,  and  entreated  the  curate  to  take  the  saddle,  to 
which  courtesy  he  did  easily  condescend.  But,  by  evil 
fortune,  as  the  barber  thought  to  leap  up  behind  him,  the 
mule,  which  was  in  effect  a  hired  one,  and  that  is  sufficient 
to  say  it  was  unhappy,  did  lift  a  little  her  hinder  quarters, 

1  A  strange  beast  of  Africa  that  travels  very  swiftly. 


28o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  bestowed  two  or  three  flings  on  the  air,  which  had 
they  hit  on  Master  Nicholas  his  breast  or  pate,  he  would 
have  bequeathed  the  quest  of  Don  Quixote  upon  the 
devil.  But,  notwithstanding,  the  barber  was  so  affrighted 
as  he  fell  on  the  ground,  with  so  little  heed  of  his  beard  as 
it  fell  quite  off  and  lay  spread  upon  the  ground  ;  and,  per- 
ceiving himself  without  it,  he  had  no  other  shift  but  to 
cover  his  face  with  both  his  hands,  and  complain  that  all 
his  cheek  teeth  were  strucken  out.  Don  Quixote,  behold- 
ing such  a  great  sheaf  of  a  beard  fallen  away,  without 
jaw  or  blood,  from  the  face,  he  said,  'I  vow  this  is  one  of 
the  greatest  miracles  that  ever  I  saw  in  my  life ;  it  hath 
taken  and  plucked  away  his  beard  as  smoothly  as  if  it  were 
done  of  purpose.'  The  curate  beholding  the  danger 
which  their  invention  was  like  to  incur  if  it  were  detected, 
went  forthwith,  and,  taking  up  the  beard,  came  to  Master 
Nicholas,  that  lay  still  a-playing,  and,  with  one  push,  bring- 
ing his  head  towards  his  own  breast,  he  set  it  on  again, 
murmuring  the  while  over  him  certain  words,  which  he 
said  were  a  certain  prayer  appropriated  to  the  setting  on 
of  fallen  beards,  as  they  should  soon  perceive ;  and  so, 
having  set  it  on  handsomely,  the  squire  remained  as  well 
bearded  and  whole  as  ever  he  was  in  his  life.  Whereat 
Don  Quixote  rested  marvellously  admired,  and  requested 
the  curate  to  teach  him  that  prayer  when  they  were  at 
leisure ;  for  he  supposed  that  the  virtue  thereof  extended 
itself  further  than  to  the  fastening  on  of  beards,  since  it 
was  manifest  that  the  place  whence  the  beard  was  torn 
must  have  remained  without  flesh,  wounded,  and  ill  dight, 
and,  seeing  it  cured  all,  it  must  of  force  serve  for  more 
than  the  beard.  '  It  is  true,'  replied  master  curate ; 
and  then  promised  to  instruct  him  with  the  secret  with  the 
first  opportunity  that  was  presented. 

Then  they  agreed  that  the  curate  should  ride  first  on  the 
mule,  and  after  him  the  other  two,  each  one  by  turns,  until 
they  arrived  to  the  inn,  which  was  about  some  two  leagues 
thence.  Three  being  thus  mounted  (to  wit,  Don  Quixote, 
the  princess,  and  curate),  and  the  other  three  on  foot 
(Cardenio,  the  barber,  and  Sancho  Panza),  Don  Quixote 


Chap.  II     THE   KINGDOM   OF  MICOMICON  281 

said  to  the  damsel,  '  Madam,  let  me  entreat  your  highness 
to  lead  me  the  way  that  most  pleaseth  you.'  And  before 
she  could  answer,  the  licentiate  said,  'Towards  what  king- 
dom would  you  travel  ?  Is  it,  by  fortune,  towards  that  of 
Micomicon  ?  I  suppose  it  should  be  thitherwards,  or  else 
I  know  but  little  of  kingdoms.'  She,  who  knew  very  well 
the  curate's  meaning,  and  was  herself  no  babe,  answered, 
saying,  'Yes,  sir,  my  way  lies  towards  that  kingdom.'  '  If 
it  be  so,'  quoth  the  curate,  'you  must  pass  through  the 
village  where  I  dwell,  and  from  thence  direct  your  course 
towards  Carthagena,  where  you  may  luckily  embark  your- 
selves. And  if  you  have  a  prosperous  wind,  and  a  quiet 
and  calm  sea,  you  may  come  within  the  space  of  nine  years 
to  the  sight  of  the  Lake  Meona,  I  mean  Meolidas,  which 
stands  on  this  side  of  your  highness's  kingdom  some 
hundred  days' journey,  or  more.'  'I  take  you  to  be  de- 
ceived, good  sir,'  quoth  she,  '  for  it  is  not  yet  fully  two  years 
since  I  departed  from  thence,  and,  truly,  I  never  almost  had 
any  fair  weather,  and  yet,  notwithstanding,  I  have  arrived, 
and  come  to  see  that  which  I  so  much  longed  for,  to  wit, 
the  presence  of  the  worthy  Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha, 
whose  renown  came  to  my  notice  as  soon  as  I  touched  the 
earth  of  Spain  with  my  foot,  and  moved  me  to  search  for 
him,  to  commend  myself  to  his  courtesy,  and  commit  the 
justice  of  my  cause  to  the  valour  of  his  invincible  arm.' 

'  No  more,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  I  cannot  abide  to 
hear  myself  praised,  for  I  am  a  sworn  enemy  of  all  adula- 
tion ;  and  although  this  be  not  such,  yet  notwithstanding 
the  like  discourses  do  offend  my  chaste  ears.  What  I  can 
say  to  you,  fair  princess,  is  that  whether  I  have  valour  or 
not,  that  which  I  have,  or  have  not,  shall  be  employed  in 
your  service,  even  to  the  very  loss  of  my  life.  And  so, 
omitting  that  till  this  time,  let  me  entreat  good  master 
licentiate  to  tell  me  the  occasion  which  hath  brought  him 
here  to  these  quarters,  so  alone,  without  attendants,  and 
so  slightly  attired,  as  it  strikes  me  in  no  little  admiration  ? ' 
'  To  this  I  will  answer  with  brevity,'  quoth  the  curate. 
'You  shall  understand  that  Master  Nicholas  the  barber, 
our  very  good  friend,  and  myself,  travelled  towards  Seville 


282  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  recover  certain  sums  of  money  which  a  kinsman  of 
mine,  who  hath  dwelt  these  many  years  in  the  Indies,  hath 
sent  unto  me.  The  sum  is  not  a  little  one,  for  it  sur- 
mounted seventy  thousand  reals  of  eight,  all  of  good 
weight — see  if  it  was  not  a  rich  gift.  And  passing  yester- 
day through  this  way,  we  were  set  upon  by  four  robbers, 
which  despoiled  us  of  all,  even  to  our  very  beards,  and 
that  in  such  sort  as  the  barber  was  forced  to  set  on  a 
counterfeit  one  ;  and  this  young  man  that  goeth  here  with 
us '  (meaning  Cardenio)  *  was  transformed  by  them  anew. 
And  the  best  of  it  is  that  it  is  publicly  bruited  about  all 
this  commark  that  those  which  surprised  us  were  galley- 
slaves  who  were  set  at  liberty,  as  is  reported,  much  about 
this  same  place,  by  so  valiant  a  knight  as,  in  despite  of  the 
commissary  and  the  guard,  he  freed  them  all.  And, 
questionless,  he  either  was  wood,  or  else  as  great  a  knave 
as  themselves,  or  some  one  that  wanted  both  soul  and 
conscience,  seeing  he  let  slip  the  wolves  amidst  the  sheep, 
the  fox  among  the  hens,  and  flies  hard  by  honey,  and  did 
frustrate  justice,  rebel  against  his  natural  lord  and  king  ; 
for  he  did  so  by  oppugning  his  just  commandments  ;  and 
hath  deprived  the  galleys  of  their  feet,  and  set  all  the  holy 
brotherhood  in  an  uproar,  which  hath  reposed  these  many 
years  past ;  and  finally,  would  do  an  act  by  which  he  should 
lose  his  soul,  and  yet  not  gain  his  body.'  Sancho  had 
rehearsed  to  the  curate  and  barber  the  adventure  of  the 
slaves,  which  his  lord  had  accomplished  with  such  glory  ; 
and  therefore  the  curate  did  use  this  vehemence  as  he 
repeated  it,  to  see  what  Don  Quixote  would  say  or  do, 
whose  colour  changed  at  every  word,  and  durst  not  confess 
that  he  was  himself  the  deliverer  of  that  good  people. 
*  And  these,'  quoth  the  curate,  '  were  they  that  have 
robbed  us.  And  God,  of  His  infinite  mercy,  pardon  him 
who  hindered  their  going  to  receive  the  punishment  they 
had  so  well  deserved  !  ' 


Chap.  Ill        THE   PRINCESS   MICOMICONA  283 


CHAPTER  III 

Of  many  Pleasant  Discourses  passed  between  Don  Quixote 
and  those  of  his  Company^  after  he  had  abandoned  the 
Rigorous  Place  of  his  Penance 

Scarce  had  the  curate  finished  his  speech  thoroughly, 
when  Sancho  said,  '  By  my  faith,  master  licentiate,  he  that 
did  that  feat  was  my  lord,  and  that  not  for  want  of  warn- 
ing, for  I  told  him  beforehand,  and  advised  him  that  he 
should  see  well  what  he  did,  and  that  it  was  a  sin  to  deliver 
them,  because  they  were  all  sent  to  the  galleys  for  very 
great  villanies  they  had  played.' 

*  You  bottlehead,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  hearing  him 
speak,  '  it  concerneth  not  knights-errant  to  examine 
whether  the  afflicted,  the  enchained,  and  oppressed,  which 
they  encounter  by  the  way,  be  carried  in  that  fashion,  or 
are  plunged  in  that  distress,  through  their  own  default 
or  disgrace,  but  only  are  obliged  to  assist  them  as  needy 
and  oppressed,  setting  their  eyes  upon  their  pains,  and  not 
on  their  crimes.  I  met  with  a  rosary  or  beads  of  inserted 
people,  sorrowful  and  unfortunate,  and  I  did  for  them  that 
which  my  religion  exacts  ;  as  for  the  rest,  let  them  verify 
it  elsewhere  :  and  to  whosoever  else,  the  holy  dignity  and 
honourable  person  of  master  licentiate  excepted,  it  shall 
seem  evil,  I  say  he  knows  but  slightly  what  belongs  to 
chivalry,  and  he  lies  like  a  whoreson  and  a  villain  born, 
and  this  will  I  make  him  know  with  the  broad  side  of  my 
sword.'  These  words  he  said,  settling  himself  in  his 
stirrups,  and  addressing  his  morion  (for  the  barber's 
basin,  which  he  accounted  to  be  Mambrino's  helmet,  he 
carried  hanging  at  the  pommel  of  his  saddle,  until  he 
might  have  it  repaired  of  the  crazings  the  galley-slave 
had  wrought  in  it).  Dorothea,  who  was  very  discreet 
and  pleasant,  and  that  was  by  this  well  acquainted  with 
Don  Quixote's  faulty  humour,  and  saw  all  the  rest  make 
a  jest  of  him,  Sancho  Panza  excepted,  would  also  show  her 


284  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

conceit  to  be  as  good  as  some  others,  and  therefore  said 
unto  him,  '  Sir  knight,  remember  yourself  of  the  boon  you 
have  promised  unto  me,  whereunto  conforming  yourself,  you 
cannot  intermeddle  in  any  other  adventure,  be  it  ever  so 
urgent.  Therefore,  assuage  your  stomach  ;  for  if  master 
licentiate  had  known  that  the  galley-slaves  were  delivered 
by  your  invincible  arm,  he  would  rather  have  given  unto 
himself  three  blows  on  the  mouth,  and  also  bit  his  tongue 
thrice,  than  have  spoken  any  word  whence  might  result 
your  indignation.'  '  That  I  dare  swear,'  quoth  the  curate  ; 
*  yea,  and  besides  torn  away  one  of  my  moustaches.' 

*  Madam,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  I  will  hold  my  peace,  and 
suppress  the  just  choler  already  enkindled  in  my  breast, 
and  will  ride  quietly  and  peaceably,  until  I  have  accom- 
plished the  thing  I  have  promised  ;  and  I  request  you,  in 
recompense  of  this  my  good  desire,  if  it  be  not  displeasing 
to  you,  to  tell  me  your  grievance,  and  how  many,  which, 
and  what  the  persons  be,  of  whom  I  must  take  due, 
sufficient,  and  entire  revenge.'  '  I  will  promptly  perform 
your  will  herein,'  answered  Dorothea,  '  if  it  will  not  be 
irksome  to  you  to  listen  to  disasters.'  '  In  no  sort,  good 
madam,'  said  Don  Quixote.  To  which  Dorothea  answered 
thus  :  *  Be  then  attentive  to  my  relation.'  Scarce  had  she 
said  so,  when  Cardenio  and  the  barber  came  by  her  side, 
desirous  to  hear  how  the  discreet  Dorothea  would  feign 
her  tale  ;  and  the  same  did  Sancho,  which  was  so  much 
deceived  in  her  person  as  his  lord  Don  Quixote.  And  she, 
after  dressing  herself  well  in  the  saddle,  bethought  and 
provided  herself  whilst  she  coughed  and  used  other 
gestures,  and  then  began  to  speak  on  this  manner  : 

'  First  of  all,  good  sirs,  I  would  have  you  note  that  I 
am  called ' —  And  here  she  stood  suspended  a  while, 
by  reason  she  had  forgotten  the  name  that  the  curate  had 
given  unto  her.  But  he  presently  occurred  to  her  succour, 
understanding  the  cause,  and  said,  '  It  is  no  wonder,  great 
lady,  that  you  be  troubled  and  stagger  whilst  you  recount 
your  misfortunes,  seeing  it  is  the  ordinary  custom  of 
disasters  to  deprive  those  whom  they  torment  and  dis- 
tract their  memory  in  such  sort  as  they  cannot  remember 


Chap.  Ill        THE   PRINCESS   MICOMICONA  285 

themselves  even  of  their  own  very  names,  as  now  it  proves 
done  in  your  highness,  which  forgets  itself  that  you  are 
called  the  Princess  Micomicona,  lawful  inheritrix  of  the 
great  kingdom  of  Micomicon.  And  with  this  note,  you 
may  easily  reduce  into  your  doleful  memory  all  that  which 
you  shall  please  to  rehearse/ 

*  It  is  very  true,'  quoth  the  damsel,  '  and  from  hence- 
forth I  think  it  will  not  be  needful  to  prompt  me  any 
more,  for  I  will  arrive  into  a  safe  port  with  the  narration 
of  my  authentic  history  ;  which  is,  that  my  father,  who  was 
called  the  wise  Tinacrio,  was  very  expert  in  that  which  was 
called  art  magic,  and  he  knew  by  his  science  that  my 
mother,  who  was  called  Queen  Xaramilla,  should  die 
before  he  deceased,  and  that  he  should  also  pass  from 
this  life  within  a  while  after,  and  leave  me  an  orphan  ;  but 
he  was  wont  to  say  how  that  did  not  afflict  his  mind  so 
much,  as  that  he  was  very  certain  that  a  huge  giant,  lord 
of  a  great  island  near  unto  my  kingdom,  called  Pandafi- 
lando  of  the  Dusky  Sight  (because,  although  his  eyes  stood 
in  their  right  places,  yet  do  they  still  look  asquint,  which 
he  doth  to  terrify  the  beholders),  I  say  that  my  father 
knew  that  this  giant,  when  he  should  hear  of  his  death, 
would  pass  with  a  main  power  into  my  land,  and  deprive 
me  thereof,  not  leaving  me  the  least  village  wherein  I 
might  hide  my  head  ;  yet  might  all  this  be  excused  if  I 
would  marry  with  him.  But,  as  he  found  out  by  his 
science,  he  knew  I  would  never  condescend  thereunto,  or 
incline  mine  affection  to  so  unequal  a  marriage  ;  and  herein 
he  said  nothing  but  truth,  for  it  never  passed  once  my 
thought  to  espouse  that  giant,  nor  with  any  other,  were  he 
ever  so  unreasonable,  and  great,  and  mighty.  My  father 
likewise  added  then,  that  after  his  death  I  should  see  Pan- 
dafilando  usurp  my  kingdom,  and  that  I  should  in  no  wise 
stand  to  my  defence,  for  that  would  prove  my  destruction  ; 
but,  leaving  to  him  the  kingdom  freely  without  troubles, 
if  I  meant  to  excuse  mine  own  death,  and  the  total  ruin  of 
my  good  and  loyal  subjects  (for  it  would  be  impossible  to 
defend  myself  from  the  devilish  force  of  the  giant),  I  should 
presently  direct  my  course  towards  Spain,  where  I  should 


286  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

find  a  redress  of  my  harms  by  encountering  with  a  knight- 
errant  whose  fame  should  extend  itself  much  about  that 
time  throughout  that  kingdom,  and  his  name  should  be,  if 
I  forget  not  myself,  Don  Azote  or  Don  Gigote.' 

'Lady,  you  would  say  Don  Quixote,'  quoth  Sancho 
Panza,  *  or,  as  he  is  called  by  another  name,  the  Knight 
of  the  Ill-favoured  Face.'  '  You  have  reason,'  replied 
Dorothea.  '  He  said,  moreover,  that  he  should  be  high  of 
stature,  have  a  withered  face,  and  that  on  the  right  side,  a 
little  under  ihe  left  shoulder,  or  thereabouts,  he  should 
have  a  tawny  spot  with  certain  hairs  like  to  bristles.'  Don 
Quixote,  hearing  this,  said  to  his  squire,  '  Hold  my  horse 
here,  son  Sancho,  and  help  me  to  take  off  mine  apparel ; 
for  I  will  see  whether  I  be  the  knight  of  whom  the  wise 
king  hath  prophesied.'  *  Why  would  you  now  put  off 
your  clothes  ? '  quoth  Dorothea.  '  To  see  whether  I  have 
that  spot  which  your  father  mentioned,'  answered  Don 
Quixote.  '  You  need  not  undo  your  apparel  for  that  pur- 
pose,' said  Sancho,  '  for  I  know  already  that  you  have  a 
spot  with  the  tokens  she  named  on  the  very  ridges  of  your 
back,  and  argues  you  to  be  a  very  strong  man.'  '  That  is 
sufficient,'  quoth  Dorothea ;  '  for  we  must  not  look  too 
near,  or  be  over-curious  in  our  friends'  affairs;  and 
whether  it  be  on  the  shoulder,  or  ridge  of  the  back,  it 
imports  but  little,  for  the  substance  consists  only  in 
having  such  a  mark,  and  not  wheresoever  it  shall  be, 
seeing  all  is  one  and  the  self-same  flesh ;  and,  doubtlessly, 
my  good  father  did  aim  well  at  all,  and  I  likewise  in  com- 
mending myself  to  Don  Quixote ;  for  surely  he  is  the  man 
of  whom  my  father  spoke,  seeing  the  signs  of  his  face 
agree  with  those  of  the  great  renown  that  is  spread  abroad 
of  this  knight,  not  only  in  Spain,  but  also  in  Ethiopia ;  for 
I  had  no  sooner  landed  in  Osuna,  when  I  heard  so  many 
of  his  prowesses  recounted,  as  my  mind  gave  me  presently 
that  he  was  the  man  in  whose  search  I  travelled.'  '  But 
how  did  you  land  in  Osuna,  good  madam,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  seeing  it  is  no  sea  town  ? '  '  Marry,  sir,'  quoth 
the  curate,  anticipating  Dorothea's  answer,  '  the  princess 
would  say  that  after  she  had  landed  in  Malaga,  but  the 


Chap.  Ill        THE   PRINCESS   MICOMICONA  287 

first  place  wherein  she  heard  tidings  of  you  was  at  Osuna.' 
'  So  I  would  have  said/  quoth  Dorothea.  '  And  it  may  be 
very  well,'  quoth  the  curate ;  '  and  I  desire  your  majesty 
to  continue  your  discourse.'  *  There  needs  no  further 
continuation,'  quoth  Dorothea,  '  but  that,  finally,  my 
fortune  hath  been  so  favourable  in  finding  of  Don  Quixote, 
as  I  do  already  hold  and  account  myself  for  queen  and 
lady  of  all  mine  estate,  seeing  that  he,  of  his  wonted 
bounty  and  magnificence,  hath  promised  me  the  boon  to 
accompany  me  wheresoever  I  shall  guide  him,  which  shall 
be  to  none  other  place  than  to  set  him  before  Pandafilando 
of  the  dusky  sight,  to  the  end  you  may  slay  him,  and 
restore  me  to  that  which  he  hath  so  wrongfully  usurped ; 
for  all  will  succeed  in  the  twinkling  of  an  eye,  as  the  wise 
Tinacrio,  my  good  father,  hath  already  foretold,  who  said 
moreover,  and  also  left  it  written  in  Chaldaical  or  Greek 
characters  (for  I  cannot  read  them),  that  if  the  knight  of 
the  prophecy,  after  having  beheaded  the  giant,  would  take 
me  to  wife,  that  I  should  in  no  sort  refuse  him,  but 
instantly  admitting  him  for  my  spouse,  make  him  at  once 
possessor  of  myself  and  my  kingdom.' 

*  What  thinkest  thou  of  this,  friend  Sancho  ? '  quoth 
Don  Quixote  then,  when  he  heard  her  say  so.  '  How 
likest  thou  this  point  ?  Did  not  I  tell  thee  thus  much 
before  ?  See  now,  whether  we  have  not  a  kingdom  to 
command,  and  a  queen  whom  we  may  marry.'  '  I  swear 
as  much,'  quoth  Sancho.  *  A  pox  on  the  knave  that  will 
not  marry  as  soon  as  Master  Pandahilado  his  windpipes 
are  cut !  Mount,  then,  and  see  whether  the  queen  be  ill 
or  no.  I  would  to  God  all  the  fleas  of  my  bed  were 
turned  to  be  such  !  '  And,  saying  so,  he  gave  two  or 
three  friskles  in  the  air,  with  very  great  signs  of  content- 
ment, and  presently  went  to  Dorothea,  and,  taking  her 
mule  by  the  bridle,  he  withheld  it,  and,  laying  himself 
down  on  his  knees  before  her,  requested  her  very  sub- 
missively to  give  him  her  hands  to  kiss  them,  in  sign  that 
he  received  her  for  his  queen  and  lady.  Which  of  the 
beholders  could  abstain  from  laughter,  perceiving  the 
master's  madness  and   the   servant's  simplicity  ?     To  be 


288  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

brief,  Dorothea  must  needs  give  them  unto  him,  and 
promised  to  make  him  a  great  lord  in  her  kingdom,  when 
Heaven  became  so  propitious  to  her  as  to  let  her  once 
recover  and  possess  it  peaceably.  And  Sancho  returned 
her  thanks  with  such  words  as  made  them  all  laugh  anew. 

'  This  is  my  history,  noble  sirs,'  quoth  Dorothea, 
'  whereof  only  rests  untold  that  none  of  all  the  train  which 
I  brought  out  of  my  kingdom  to  attend  on  me  is  now 
extant  but  this  well-bearded  squire  ;  for  all  of  them  were 
drowned  in  a  great  storm  that  overtook  us  in  the  very 
sight  of  the  harbour,  whence  he  and  I  escaped,  and  came  to 
land  by  the  help  of  two  planks,  on  which  we  laid  hold, 
almost  by  miracle  ;  as  also  the  whole  discourse  and  mystery 
of  my  life  seems  none  other  than  a  miracle,  as  you  might 
have  noted.  And  if  in  any  part  of  the  relation  I  have 
exceeded,  or  not  observed  a  due  decorum,  you  must 
impute  it  to  that  which  master  licentiate  said  to  the  first 
of  my  history,  that  continual  pains  and  afflictions  of  mind 
deprives  them  that  suffer  the  like  of  their  memory.'  '  That 
shall  not  hinder  me,  O  high  and  valorous  lady  ! '  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  *  from  enduring  as  many  as  I  shall  suffer  in 
your  service,  be  they  never  so  great  or  difficult ;  and 
therefore  I  do  anew  ratify  and  confirm  the  promise  I  have 
made,  and  do  swear  to  go  with  you  to  the  end  of  the 
world,  until  I  find  out  your  fierce  enemy,  whose  proud 
head  I  mean  to  slice  off,  by  the  help  of  God  and  my 
valorous  arm,  with  the  edge  of  this  (I  will  not  say  a  good) 
sword,  thanks  be  to  Gines  of  Passamonte,  which  took 
away  mine  own.'  This  he  said  murmuring  to  himself,  and 
then  prosecuted,  saying,  '  And  after  I  have  cut  it  off,  and 
left  you  peaceably  in  the  possession  of  your  state,  it  shall 
rest  in  your  own  will  to  dispose  of  your  person  as  you  like 
best  ;  for  as  long  as  I  shall  have  my  memory  possessed, 
and  my  will  captivated,  and  my  understanding  yielded  to 

her 1  will  say  no  more  ;   it  is  not  possible  that  ever 

I  may  induce  myself  to  marry  any  other,  although  she 
were  a  Phoenix.' 

That  which  Don  Quixote  had  said  last  of  all,  of  not 
marrying,  disliked  Sancho  so  much,  as,  lifting  his  voice  with 


Chap.  Ill       SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  289 

great  anger,  he  said,  '  I  vow  and  swear  by  myself  that  you 
are  not  in  your  right  wits.  Sir  Don  Quixote  ;  for  how  is  it 
possible  that  you  can  call  the  matter  of  contracting  so  high 
a  princess  as  this  is  in  doubt  ?  Do  you  think  that  fortune 
will  offer  you,  at  every  corner's  end,  the  like  hap  of  this 
which  is  now  proffered  ?  Is  my  Lady  Dulcinea,  perhaps, 
more  beautiful  ?  No,  certainly,  nor  half  so  fair  ;  nay,  I 
am  rather  about  to  say  that  she  comes  not  to  her  shoe  that 
is  here  present.  In  an  ill  hour  shall  I  arrive  to  possess  that 
unfortunate  earldom  which  I  expect,  if  you  go  thus  seeking 
for  mushrubs  in  the  bottom  of  the  sea.  Marry,  marry 
yourself  presently,  the  devil  take  you  for  me,  and  take  that 
kingdom  comes  into  you  hands,  and  being  a  king,  make 
me  presently  a  marquis  or  admiral,  and  instantly  after  let 
the  devil  take  all  if  he  pleaseth.* 

Don  Quixote,  who  heard  such  blasphemies  spoken 
against  his  Lady  Dulcinea,  could  not  bear  them  any  longer  ; 
and  therefore,  lifting  up  his  javelin,  without  speaking  any 
word  to  Sancho,  gave  him  therewithal  two  such  blows  as  he 
overthrew  him  to  the  earth  ;  and  had  not  Dorothea  cried  to 
him  to  hold  his  hand,  he  had  doubtlessly  slain  him  in  the 
place. 

'  Thinkest  thou,'  quoth  he  after  a  while,  '  base  peasant ! 
that  I  shall  have  always  leisure  and  disposition  to  thrust 
my  hand  into  my  pouch,  and  that  there  be  nothing  else 
but  thou  still  erring  and  I  pardoning  ?  And  dost  not  thou 
think  of  it,  excommunicated  rascal  ?  for  certainly  thou  art 
excommunicated,  seeing  thou  hast  talked  so  broadly  of  the 
peerless  Dulcinea !  And  dost  not  thou  know,  base 
slave !  vagabond !  that  if  it  were  not  for  the  valour  she 
infuseth  into  mine  arm,  that  I  should  not  have  sufficient 
forces  to  kill  a  flea  ?  Say,  scoffer  with  the  viper's  tongue ! 
who  dost  thou  think  hath  gained  this  kingdom,  and  cut 
the  head  off  this  giant,  and  made  thee  a  marquis  (for  I  give 
all  this  for  done  already,  and  for  a  matter  ended  and 
judged),  but  the  worths  and  valour  of  Dulcinea,  using 
mine  arm  as  the  instrument  of  her  act  ?  She  fights  under 
my  person,  and  overcomes  in  me ;  and  I  live  and  breathe 
in  her,   and  from   her   I    hold    my    life    and    being.      O 


290  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

whoreson  villain !  how  ungrateful  art  thou,  that  seest 
thyself  exalted  out  from  the  dust  of  the  earth  to  be  a 
nobleman,  and  yet  dost  repay  so  great  a  benefit  with 
detracting  the  person  that  bestowed  it  on  thee ! ' 

Sancho  was  not  so  sore  hurt  but  that  he  could  hear  all 
his  master^s  reasons  very  well ;  wherefore,  arising  some- 
what hastily,  he  ran  behind  Dorothea  her  palfrey,  and 
from  thence  said  to  his  lord,  '  Tell  me,  sir,  if  you  be  not 
determined  to  marry  with  this  princess,  it  is  most  clear  that 
the  kingdom  shall  not  be  yours  ;  and  if  it  be  not,  what  favours 
can  you  be  able  to  do  to  me  ?  It  is  of  this  that  I  complain 
me.  Marry  yourself  one  for  one  with  this  princess,  now 
that  we  have  her  here  as  it  were  rained  to  us  down  from 
heaven,  and  you  may  after  turn  to  my  Lady  Dulcinea  ;  for 
I  think  there  be  kings  in  the  world  that  keep  lemans.  As 
for  beauty,  I  will  not  intermeddle  ;  for,  if  I  must  say 
the  truth,  each  of  both  is  very  fair,  although  I  have 
never  seen  the  Lady  Dulcinea.'  '  How !  hast  thou  not 
seen  her,  blasphemous  traitor  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  As  if 
thou  didst  but  even  now  bring  me  a  message  from  her ! ' 
'I  say,'  quoth  Sancho,  'I  have  not  seen  her  so  leisurely  as 
I  might  particularly  note  her  beauty  and  good  parts  one  by 
one,  but  yet  in  a  clap,  as  I  saw  them,  they  liked  me  very 
well.'  '  I  do  excuse  thee  now,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and 
pardon  me  the  displeasure  which  I  have  given  unto  thee, 
for  the  first  motions  are  not  in  our  hands.'  ^  I  see  that 
well,'  quoth  Sancho,  'and  that  is  the  reason  why  talk  is  in 
me  of  one  of  those  first  motions,  and  I  cannot  omit  to 
speak  once,   at  least,   that  which  comes  to  my  tongue.' 

*  For  all  that,  Sancho,'  replied  Don  Quixote, '  see  well  what 
thou  speakest ;  for  *'  the  earthen  pitcher  goes  so  oft  to  the 
water  "  —  I  will  say  no  more.' 

*  Well,  then,'  answered  Sancho,  '  God  is  in  heaven,  who 
seeth  all  these  guiles,  and  shall  be  one  day  judge  of  him 
that  sins  most — of  me  in  not  speaking  well,  or  of  you  by 
not  doing  well.'     '  Let  there  be  no  more,'  quoth  Dorothea, 

*  but  run,  Sancho,  and  kiss  your  lord's  hand,  and  ask  him 
forgiveness,  and  from  henceforth  take  more  heed  how  you 
praise  or  dispraise  anybody,  and  speak  no  ill  of  that  Lady 


I 


Chap.  Ill  SANCHO'S   ASS  291 

Toboso,  whom  I  do  not  know  otherwise  than  to  do  her 
service ;  and  have  confidence  in  God,  for  thou  shalt  not 
want  a  lordship  wherein  thou  mayst  live  like  a  king/ 
Sancho  went  with  his  head  hanging  downward,  and 
demanded  his  lord's  hand,  which  he  gave  unto  him  with  a 
grave  countenance  ;  and  after  he  had  kissed  it,  he  gave 
him  his  blessing,  and  said  to  him  that  he  had  somewhat  to 
say  unto  him,  and  therefore  bade  him  to  come  somewhat 
forward,  that  he  might  speak  unto  him.  Sancho  obeyed  ; 
and  both  of  them  going  a  little  aside,  Don  Quixote  said 
unto  him,  *  I  have  not  had  leisure  after  thy  coming  to 
demand  of  thee  in  particular  concerning  the  ambassage 
that  thou  carriedst,  and  the  answer  that  thou  broughtst 
back  ;  and  therefore,  now  fortune  lends  us  some  oppor- 
tunity and  leisure,  do  not  deny  me  the  happiness  which 
thou  mayst  give  me  by  thy  good  news/ 

*  Demand  what  you  please,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  and  I  will 
answer  you  ;  and  I  request  you,  good  my  lord,  that  you 
be  not  from  henceforth  so  wrathful/  '  Why  dost  thou 
say  so,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  *  I  say  it,'  replied 
Sancho,  '  because  that  these  blows  which  you  bestowed 
now,  were  rather  given  in  revenge  of  the  dissension  which 
the  devil  stirred  between  us  two  the  other  night,  than  for 
anything  I  said  against  my  Lady  Dulcinea,  whom  I  do 
honour  and  reverence  as  a  relique,  although  she  be  none, 
only  because  she  is  yours.'  '  I  pray  thee,  good  Sancho,' 
said  Don  Quixote,  '  fall  not  again  into  those  discourses, 
for  they  offend  me.  I  did  pardon  thee  then,  and 
thou  knowest  that  a  new  offence  must  have  a  new 
penance.' 

As  they  talked  thus,  they  espied  a  gallant  coming 
towards  them,  riding  on  an  ass,  and  when  he  drew  near 
he  seemed  to  be  an  Egyptian  ;  but  Sancho  Panza,  who, 
whensoever  he  met  any  asses,  followed  them  with  his  eyes 
and  his  heart,  as  one  that  thought  still  on  his  own,  had 
scarce  eyed  him  when  he  knew  that  it  was  Gines  of 
Passamonte,  and,  by  the  look  of  the  Egyptian,  found  out 
the  fleece  of  his  ass,  as  in  truth  it  was  ;  for  Gines  came 
riding  on  his  grey  ass,  who,  to  the  end  he  might  not  be 


292  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

known,  and  also  have  commodity  to  sell  his  beast,  attired 
himself  like  an  Egyptian,  whose  language  and  many  others 
he  could  speak  as  well  as  if  they  were  his  mother  tongue. 
Sancho  saw  him  and  knew  him  ;  and  scarce  had  he  seen 
and  taken  notice  of  him,  when  he  cried  out  aloud,  '  Ah  ! 
thief,  Ginesillo  !  leave  my  goods  behind  thee,  set  my  life 
loose,  and  do  not  intermeddle  with  my  ease !  Leave  mine 
ass,  leave  my  comfort  !  Fly,  villain !  absent  thyself, 
thief!  and  abandon  that  which  is  none  of  thine  !  '  He 
needed  not  to  have  used  so  many  words  and  frumps,  for 
Gines  leaped  down  at  the  very  first,  and  beginning  a  trot, 
that  seemed  rather  to  be  a  gallop,  he  absented  himself,  and 
fled  far  enough  from  them  in  a  moment.  Sancho  went 
then  to  his  ass,  and,  embracing  him,  said,  '  How  hast  thou 
done  hitherto,  my  darling  and  treasure,  grey  ass  of  mine 
eyes,  and  my  dearest  companion  ? '  and  with  that  stroked 
and  kissed  him  as  if  it  were  a  reasonable  creature.  The 
ass  held  his  peace,  and  permitted  Sancho  to  kiss  and 
cherish  him,  without  answering  a  word.  All  the  rest 
arrived,  and  congratulated  with  Sancho  for  the  finding  of 
his  ass,  but  chiefly  Don  Quixote,  who  said  unto  him  that 
notwithstanding  that  he  found  his  ass,  yet  would  not  he 
therefore  annul  his  warrant  for  the  three  colts  ;  for  which 
Sancho  returned  him  very  great  thanks. 

Whilst  they  two  travelled  together  discoursing  thus, 
the  curate  said  to  Dorothea  that  she  had  very  discreetly 
discharged  herself,  as  well  in  the  history  as  in  her  brevity 
and  imitation  thereof  to  the  phrase  and  conceits  of  books 
of  knighthood.  She  answered  that  she  did  ofttimes  read 
books  of  that  subject,  but  that  she  knew  not  where  the 
provinces  lay,  nor  seaports,  and  therefore  did  only  say  at 
random  that  she  had  landed  in  Osuna.  '  I  knew  it  was 
so,'  quoth  the  curate,  *  and  therefore  I  said  what  you 
heard,  wherewithal  the  matter  was  soldered.  But  is  it  not 
a  marvellous  thing  to  see  with  what  facility  the  unfortunate 
gentleman  believes  all  these  inventions  and  lies,  only 
because  they  bear  the  style  and  manner  of  the  follies  laid 
down  in  his  books  ?'  'It  is,'  quoth  Cardenio,  '  and  that 
so  rare  and  beyond  all  conceit,  as  I   believe,  if  the  like 


Chap.  Ill       SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  293 

were  to  be  invented,  scarce  could  the  sharpest  wits  devise 
such  another.' 

'There  is  yet/  quoth  the  curate,  *as  marvellous  a  matter 
as  that ;  for,  leaving  apart  the  simplicities  which  this  good 
gentleman  speaks  concerning  his  frenzy,  if  you  will  com- 
mune with  him  of  any  other  subject  whatsoever,  he  will 
discourse  on  it  with  an  excellent  method,  and  show 
himself  to  have  a  clear  and  pleasing  understanding;  so 
that,  if  he  be  not  touched  by  matters  of  chivalry,  there  is 
no  man  but  will  deem  him  to  be  of  a  sound  and  excellent 
judgment.' 

Don  Quixote  on  the  other  side  prosecuted  his  convers- 
ing with  his  squire  whilst  the  others  talked  together,  and 
said  to  Sancho,  '  Let  us  two,  friend  Panza,  forget  old 
injuries,  and  say  unto  me  now,  without  any  rancour  or 
anger,  where,  how,  and  when  didst  thou  find  my  Lady 
Dulcinea  ?  What  did  she  when  thou  camest  ?  What 
saidst  thou  to  her  ?  What  answered  she  ?  What  coun- 
tenance showed  she  as  she  read  my  letter  ?  And  who 
writ  it  out  fairly  for  thee  ?  And  every  other  thing  that 
thou  shalt  think  worthy  of  notice  in  this  affair  to  be 
demanded  or  answered,  without  either  addition  or  lying, 
or  soothing  adulation ;  and  on  the  other  side  do  not 
abbreviate  it,  lest  thou  shouldst  defraud  me  thereby  of 
expected  delight.'  '  Sir,'  answered  Sancho,  '  if  I  must  say 
the  truth,  none  copied  out  the  letter  for  me ;  for  I  carried 
no  letter  at  all.' 

*  Thou  sayst  true,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  I  found 
the  tablets  wherein  it  was  written  with  myself  two  days 
after  thy  departure,  which  did  grieve  me  exceedingly, 
because  I  knew  not  what  thou  wouldst  do  when  thou 
didst  perceive  the  want  of  the  letter,  and  I  always  made 
full  account  that  thou  wouldst  return  again  from  the  place 
where  thou  shouldst  first  miss  it.'  '  I  had  done  so,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  if  I  had  not  borne  it  away  in  memory,  when  you 
read  it  to  me,  in  such  sort  as  I  said  to  a  clerk  of  a  vestry, 
who  did  copy  it  out  of  my  understanding  so  point  by 
point,  as  he  said  that  he  never  in  all  the  days  of  his  life, 
although  he  had  read  many  a  letter  of  excommunication. 


294  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

read  or  seen  so  fine  a  letter  as  it  was.'     *  And  dost  thou 
hold  it  yet  in  memory,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 

'  No,  sir,'  said  Sancho ;  '  for  after  I  gave  it,  seeing  it 
served  for  none  other  purpose,  I  did  willingly  forget  it; 
and  if  I  remember  anything,  it  is  that  of  the  "mouldy" — 
I  would  say  ''  sovereign  lady"  ;  and  the  end,  *'  yours  until 
death,  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face";  and  I  put 
between  these  two  things  in  the  letter  three  hundred  souls, 
and  lives,  and  sweet  eyes.' 


CHAPTER  IV 

Of  the  Pleasant  Discourses  continued  between  Don  Qjuixote  and 
his  Squire  Sancho  Panza^  with  other  Adventures 

*  All  this  liketh  me  well,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  '  therefore 
say  on.  Thou  arrivedst,  and  what  was  that  queen  of 
beauty  doing  then  ^  I  daresay  that  thou  foundest  her 
threading  of  pearls,  or  embroidering  some  curious  device 
with  Venice  gold,  for  me  her  captive  knight.'  '  No,  that 
I  did  not,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  but  winnowing  two  bushels  of 
wheat  in  the  yard  of  her  house.' 

'  Why,  then,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  mayst  make 
account  that  each  corn  of  that  wheat  was  a  grain  of  pearl, 
seeing  they  were  touched  by  her  delicate  hand.  And, 
friend,  didst  thou  note  well  what  the  wheat  was,  whether 
of  the  best  or  ordinary  V  'It  was  not,  but  red,'  said 
Sancho.  '  Well,  then,  I  assure  thee,'  answered  Don 
Quixote,  '  that  being  sifted  by  her  hands,  it  must  needs 
make  very  fair  bread  and  white.  But  pass  forward. 
When  thou  didst  deliver  my  letter,  did  she  kiss  it  }  Did 
she  set  it  on  her  head  ?  Did  she  use  any  ceremony  worthy 
of  such  a  letter  ^  Or  what  did  she  } '  '  When  I  went  to 
give  it  unto  her,'  said  Sancho,  '  she  was  holding  up  of  her 
arms  with  a  good  quantity  of  wheat  that  she  had  in  her 
sieve,  and  therefore  said  unto  me,  "  Friend,  lay  down  that 


Chap.  IV  SANCHO'S   REPORT  295 

letter  there  on  the  sack,  for  I  cannot  read  it  until  I  have 
winnowed  all  that  is  here/* '  '  O  discreet  lady/  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  *  she  surely  did  that  because  she  might 
read  it  at  leisure,  and  recreate  herself  therewithal.  For- 
ward, Sancho.  And  as  long  as  she  was  thus  busied,  what 
discourses  passed  she  with  thee  ?  What  did  she  demand  of 
thee  concerning  me  ?  And  thou,  what  didst  thou  answer  ? 
Say  all,  good  Sancho,  say  all ;  recount  to  me  every  particu- 
larity, and  let  not  the  least  [minuity]  remain  in  the  inkhorn/ 
'  She  demanded  nothing  of  me,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  but  I 
recounted  unto  her  the  state  I  had  left  you  in  for  her  sake, 
doing  of  penance,  all  naked  from  the  girdle  upward, 
among  these  rocks,  like  a  brute  beast,  sleeping  on  the 
ground,  and  eating  your  bread  without  table-cloths,  and 
that  you  never  combed  your  beard,  but  was  weeping  and 
cursing  your  fortune.'  '  There  thou  saidst  ill,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  for  I  do  not  curse  my  fortune,  but  rather  bless 
it,  and  will  bless  it  as  long  as  I  shall  live,  seeing  it  hath 
made  me  worthy  to  merit  the  love  of  so  high  a  lady  as 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso.'  '  She  is  in  good  faith  so  high,' 
answered  Sancho,  *  as  she  surpasseth  me  almost  by  a  whole 
cubit.'  *  Why,  how  now,  Sancho  ?'  said  the  knight ;  '  hast 
thou  measured  thyself  with  her  ?'  'I  did  measure  myself 
with  her  in  this  manner,'  replied  Sancho,  '  that  coming  over 
to  help  her  to  lift  up  a  sack  of  wheat  on  an  ass,  we  joined 
so  near  as  I  well  perceived  that  she  was  more  than  a  great 
span  higher  than  myself.'  '  That  is  true,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  but  thinkest  thou  not  that  the  tallness  of  her 
extended  stature  is  adorned  with  a  thousand  millions  of 
graces  and  endowments  of  the  soul  ?  But,  Sancho,  thou 
canst  not  deny  me  one  thing  :  when  thou  didst  thus 
approach  her,  didst  thou  not  feel  a  most  odoriferous  smell, 
an  aromatical  fragrancy,  an — I  cannot  tell  what,  so  pleasing 
as  I  know  not  how  to  term  it — I  say  such  a  scent  as  if 
thou  wert  in  some  curious  perfumer's  shop  ? '  '  That 
which  I  know,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  is  that  I  felt  a  little  un- 
savoury scent,  somewhat  rammish  and  man-like,  and  I 
think  the  reason  was  because  she  had  sweat  a  little  doing 
of  that  exercise.'     *  It  was  not  so,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 


296  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'but  either  thou  hadst  the  mur,  or  else  did  smell  thyself; 
for  I  know  very  well  how  that  rose  among  thorns  dost 
scent,  that  lily  of  the  field,  and  that  chosen  amber/  '  It 
may  well  be,'  said  Sancho,  '  as  you  have  said,  for  I  have 
had  many  times  such  a  smell  as  me  thought  the  Lady 
Dulcinea  had  then ;  and  though  she  smelled  too  it  were  no 
marvel,  for  one  devil  is  like  another.' 

'  And  well,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  see  here,  she  hath 
sifted  her  corn,  and  sent  it  to  the  mill ;  what  did  she  after 
she  had  read  the  letter  ? '  '  The  letter  ? '  said  Sancho. 
'  She  read  it  not,  for  she  said  she  could  neither  read  nor 
write;  and  therefore  she  tore  it  into  small  pieces,  and 
would  have  no  man  to  read  it,  lest  those  of  the  village 
should  know  her  secrets,  and  [said]  that  what  I  had  told 
her  by  word  of  mouth  of  your  love  and  extraordinary 
penance,  which  you  remained  doing  for  her  sake,  was 
sufficient ;  and,  finally,  she  concluded,  commanding  me  to 
say  unto  you  that  she  had  her  commended  unto  you, 
and  that  she  remained  with  greater  desire  to  see  you  than 
to  write  unto  you,  and  therefore  she  requested  and  willed 
you,  as  you  tendered  her  affection,  that  presently  upon 
sight  hereof  you  should  abandon  these  shrubby  groves, 
leave  off  your  frenzy,  and  take  presently  the  way  of 
Toboso,  if  some  matter  of  greater  importance  did  not  occur, 
for  she  had  very  great  desire  to  see  and  talk  with  you.  She 
laughed  heartily  when  I  told  her  that  you  named  yourself 
*'  the  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face."  I  demanded  of 
her  whether  the  beaten  Biscaine  came  there,  and  she 
answered  that  he  did,  and  affirmed  withal  that  he  was  a 
very  honest  man.  I  asked  also  for  the  galley-slaves,  but 
she  told  me  that  she  had  seen  none  of  them  as  yet.' 

*  All  goes  well  till  this,'  said  Don  Quixote ;  *  but  tell 
me,  I  pray  thee,  what  jewel  did  she  bestow  on  thee  at  thy 
departure,  for  reward  of  the  news  thou  carriedst  unto  her 
of  me.''  For  it  is  an  usual  and  ancient  custom  among 
kinghts  and  ladies  errant,  to  bestow  on  squires,  damsels, 
or  dwarfs,  which  bring  them  any  good  tidings  of  their 
ladies,  or  servants,  some  rich  jewel,  as  a  reward  and  thanks 
of  their  welcome  news.' 


Chap.  IV  SANCHO'S   REPORT  297 

*  It  may  well  be/  quoth  Sancho,  '  and  I  hold  it  for  a 
very  laudable  custom ;  but  I  think  it  was  only  used  in 
times  past,  for  I  think  the  manner  of  this  our  age  is  only 
to  give  a  piece  of  bread  and  cheese ;  for  this  was  all  that 
my  lady  Dulcinea  bestowed  on  me,  and  that  over  the 
yard  walls,  when  I  took  my  leave  with  her,  and  in  sign 
thereof  (well  fare  all  good  tokens)  the  cheese  was  made  of 
sheep's  milk/  'She  is  marvellous  liberal,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  and  if  she  gave  thee  not  a  jewel  of  gold,  it  was, 
without  doubt,  because  she  had  none  then  about  her.  But 
it  is  not  lost  that  comes  at  last ;  I  will  see  her,  and  then  all 
things  shall  be  amended.  Knowest  thou,  Sancho,  whereat 
I  wonder  ?  It  is  at  this  sudden  return ;  for  it  seems  to 
me  thou  wast  gone  and  hast  come  back  again  in  the  air ; 
for  thou  hast  been  away  but  a  little  more  than  three  days, 
Toboso  being  more  than  thirty  leagues  from  hence ;  and 
therefore  I  do  believe  that  the  wise  enchanter  who  takes 
care  of  mine  affairs,  and  is  my  friend  (for  there  is  such  a 
one  of  force,  and  there  must  be,  under  pain  that  I  else 
should  not  be  a  good  knight-errant), — I  say  I  verily  think 
that  wise  man  holp  thee  to  trample  unawares  of  thyself; 
for  there  are  wise  men  of  that  condition  which  will  take  a 
knight-errant  sleeping  in  his  bed,  and  without  knowing 
how  or  in  what  manner,  he  will  wake  the  next  day  a 
thousand  leagues  from  that  place  where  he  fell  asleep ;  and 
were  it  not  for  this,  knights-errant  could  not  succour  one 
another  in  their  most  dangerous  exigents,  as  they  do  now 
at  every  step.  For  it  ofttimes  befals  that  a  knight  is 
fighting  in  the  mountains  of  Armenia,  with  some  devilish 
fauno,  some  dreadful  shadow,  or  fierce  knight,  where  he  is 
like  to  have  the  worst,  and  in  this  point  of  death,  when  he 
least  expects  it,  there  appears  there,  on  the  top  of  a  cloud 
or  riding  in  a  chariot  of  fire,  another  knight  his  friend, 
who  was  but  even  then  in  England,  and  helps  him,  and 
delivers  him  from  death ;  and  returns  again  that  night  to 
his  own  lodging,  where  he  sups  with  a  very  good  appetite; 
and  yet,  for  all  that,  is  there  wont  to  be  two  or  three 
thousand  leagues  from  the  one  to  the  other  country.  All 
which  is  compassed  by  the  industry  and  wisdom  of  those 


298  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

skilful  enchanters  that  take  care  of  the  said  valorous 
knights.  So  that,  friend  Sancho,  I  am  not  hard  of  belief 
in  giving  thee  credit  that  thou  hast  gone  and  returned  in 
so  short  a  time  from  this  place  to  Toboso,  seeing,  as  I 
have  said,  some  wise  man  my  friend  hath  (belike)  trans- 
ported thee  thither  by  stealth,  and  unaware  of  thyself 

'  I  easily  think  it,'  replied  Sancho ;  '  for  Rozinante 
travelled,  in  good  faith,  as  lustily  as  if  he  were  an 
Egyptian's  ass,  with  quicksilver  in  his  ears.'  '  And 
thinkest  thou  not,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that  he  had  not 
quicksilver  in  his  ears  ?  yes,  and  a  legion  of  devils  also  to 
help  it  ?  who  are  folk  that  do  travel  and  make  others  go 
as  much  as  they  list  without  any  weariness.  But,  leaving 
all  this  apart,  what  is  thine  opinion  that  I  should  do  now 
concerning  my  lady's  commandment  to  go  and  see  her  ? 
For,  although  I  know  that  I  am  bound  to  obey  her 
behests,  yet  do  I  find  myself  disabled  at  this  time  to 
accomplish  them  by  reason  of  the  grant  I  have  made  the 
princess  that  comes  with  us ;  and  the  law  of  arms  doth 
compel  me  to  accomplish  my  word  rather  than  my  will. 
On  the  one  side,  I  am  assaulted  and  urged  by  a  desire  to 
go  and  see  my  lady ;  on  the  other,  my  promised  faith, 
and  the  glory  I  shall  win  in  this  enterprise,  do  incite  and 
call  me  away.  But  that  which  I  resolve  to  do  is  to  travel 
with  all  speed,  that  I  may  quickly  arrive  to  the  place 
where  that  giant  is,  and  will  cut  off  his  head  at  my 
coming;  and  when  I  have  peaceably  installed  the  princess 
in  her  kingdom,  will  presently  return  to  see  the  light  that 
doth  lighten  my  senses ;  to  whom  I  will  yield  such 
forcible  reasons  of  my  so  long  absence,  as  she  shall  easily 
condescend  to  excuse  my  stay,  seeing  all  doth  redound  to 
her  glory  and  fame ;  for  all  that  I  have  gained,  do  win,  or 
shall  hereafter  achieve,  by  force  of  arms  in  this  life,  pro- 
ceeds wholly  from  the  gracious  favour  she  pleaseth  to 
bestow  upon  me,  and  my  being  hers.' 

'  O  God ! '  quoth  Sancho,  *  I  perceive  that  you  are 
greatly  diseased  in  the  pate.  I  pray  you,  sir,  tell  me 
whether  you  mean  to  go  this  long  voyage  for  nought,  and 
let  slip  and  lose  so  rich  and  so  noble  a  preferment  as  this. 


Chap.  IV       SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  299 

where  the  dowry  is  a  kingdom,  which  is  in  good  faith,  as 
I  have  heard  say,  twenty  thousand  leagues  in  compass,  and 
most  plentifully  stored  with  all  things  necessary  for  the 
sustaining  of  human  life,  and  that  it  is  greater  than 
Portugal  and  Castile  joined  together  ?  Peace,  for  God's 
love,  and  blush  at  your  own  words,  and  take  my  counsel, 
and  marry  presently  in  the  first  village  that  hath  a  parish 
priest ;  and  if  you  will  not  do  it  there,  can  you  wish  a 
better  commodity  than  to  have  our  own  master  licentiate, 
who  will  do  it  most  excellently  ?  And  note  that  I  am  old 
enough  to  give  counsel,  and  that  this  which  I  now  deliver 
is  as  fit  for  you  as  if  it  were  expressly  cast  for  you  in  a 
mould;  for  a  sparrow  in  the  fist  is  worth  more  than  a 
flying  bittor. 

"  For  he  that  can  have  good,  and  evil  doth  choose, 
For  ill  that  betides  him,  must  not  patience  lose." ' 

'Why,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'if  thou  givest 
me  counsel  to  marry  to  the  end  I  may  become  a  king, 
after  I  have  slain  the  giant,  and  have  commodity  thereby 
to  promote  thee,  and  give  thee  what  I  have  promised,  I 
let  thee  to  understand  that  I  may  do  all  that  most  easily 
without  marrying  myself;  for,  before  I  enter  into  the 
battle,  I  will  make  this  condition,  that  when  I  come  away 
victor,  although  I  marry  not  the  princess,  yet  shall  a  part 
of  the  kingdom  be  at  my  disposition  to  bestow  upon  whom 
I  please  ;  and  when  I  receive  it,  upon  whom  wouldst  thou 
have  me  bestow  it  but  on  thyself  ? '  '  That  is  manifest,* 
said  Sancho  ;  '  but  I  pray  you,  sir,  have  care  to  choose 
that  part  you  would  reserve  towards  the  seaside,  to  the 
end  that  if  the  living  do  not  please  me,  I  may  embark  my 
black  vassals,  and  make  the  benefit  of  them  which  I  have 
said.  And  likewise  I  pray  you  not  to  trouble  your  mind 
thinking  to  go  and  see  my  Lady  Dulcinea  at  this  time, 
but  travel  towards  the  place  where  the  giant  is,  and  kill 
him,  and  conclude  that  business  first  ;  for  I  swear  unto 
you  that  I  am  of  opinion  it  will  prove  an  adventure  of 
very  great  honour  and  profit/  '  I  assure  thee,  Sancho,* 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  'thou  art  in  the  right,  and  I   will 


300  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

follow  thy  counsel  in  rather  going  first  with  the  princess 
than  to  visit  Dulcinea.  And  I  warn  thee  not  to  speak  a 
word  to  anybody,  no,  not  to  those  that  ride  with  us,  of 
that  which  we  have  here  spoken  and  discoursed  together  ; 
for,  since  Dulcinea  is  so  wary  and  secret  as  she  would  not 
have  her  thoughts  discovered,  it  is  no  reason  that  I,  either 
by  myself  or  any  other,  should  detect  them/ 

'  If  that  be  so,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  why,  then,  do  you  send 
all  those  which  you  vanquish  by  virtue  of  your  arm  to 
present  themselves  to  my  Lady  Dulcinea,  seeing  this  is  as 
good  as  subsignation  of  your  handwriting,  that  you  wish 
her  well,  and  are  enamoured  on  her  ?  And  seeing  that 
those  which  go  to  her  must  forcibly  lay  them  down  on 
their  knees  before  her  presence,  and  say  that  they  come 
from  you  to  do  her  homage,  how  then  can  the  thoughts 
of  you  both  be  hidden  and  concealed  ? '  '  Oh,  how  great  a 
fool  art  thou,  and  how  simple !  '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  Dost  not  thou  perceive,  Sancho,  how  all  this  results  to 
her  greater  glory  ?  For  thou  oughtest  to  wit  that,  in  our 
knightly  proceedings,  it  is  great  honour  that  one  lady 
alone  have  many  knights-errant  for  her  servitors,  without 
extending  their  thoughts  any  further  than  to  serve  her 
only  for  her  high  worths,  without  attending  any  other 
reward  of  their  many  and  good  desires,  than  that  she  will 
deign  to  accept  them  as  her  servants  and  knights/  *  I 
have  heard  preach,'  said  Sancho,  '  that  men  should  love 
our  Saviour  with  that  kind  of  love  only  for  His  own  sake, 
without  being  moved  thereunto  either  by  the  hope  of 
glory  or  the  fear  of  pain  ;  although,  for  my  part,  I  would 
love  and  serve  Him  for  what  He  is  able  to  do.'  '  The 
devil  take  thee  for  a  clown  ! '  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  how 
sharp  and  pertinently  dost  thou  speak  now  and  then,  able 
to  make  a  man  imagine  that  thou  hast  studied  ! '  '  Now, 
by  mine  honesty,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  can  neither  read  nor 
write.' 

Master  Nicholas  perceiving  them  drowned  thus  in  their 
discourses,  cried  out  to  them  to  stay  and  drink  of  a  little 
fountain  that  was  by  the  way.  Don  Quixote  rested,  to 
Sancho's  very  great  contentment,  who  was  already  tired 


Chap.  IV       REAPPEARANCE   OF   ANDREW  301 

with  telling  him  so  many  lies,  and  was  afraid  his  master 
would  entrap  him  in  his  own  words ;  for,  although  he 
knew  Dulcinea  to  be  of  Toboso,  yet  had  he  never  seen  her 
in  his  life.  And  Cardenio  had  by  this  time  put  on  the 
apparel  Dorothea  wore  when  they  found  her  in  the 
mountains,  which,  though  they  were  not  very  good,  yet 
exceeded  with  great  advantage  those  which  he  had  himself 
before.  And,  alighting  hard  by  the  fountain,  they  satisfied 
with  the  provision  the  curate  had  brought  with  him  from 
the  inn,  although  it  were  but  little,  the  great  hunger  that 
pressed  them.  And  whilst  they  took  their  ease  there,  a 
certain  young  stripling  that  travelled  past  by,  who,  looking 
very  earnestly  on  all  those  which  sat  about  the  fountain,  he 
ran  presently  after  to  Don  Quixote,  and,  embracing  his 
legs,  he  said,  weeping  downright,  *  Oh,  my  lord,  do  not 
you  know  me  ?  Look  well  upon  me  ;  for  I  am  the  youth 
Andrew  whom  you  unloosed  from  the  oak  whereunto  I 
was  tied.'  Don  Quixote  presently  knew  him,  and,  taking 
him  by  the  hands,  he  turned  to  those  that  were  present 
and  said,  '  Because  you  may  see  of  how  great  importance 
it  is  that  there  be  knights-errant  in  the  world,  to  undo 
wrongs  and  injuries  that  are  committed  in  it  by  the 
insolent  and  bad  men  which  live  therein,  thou  shall  wit 
that  a  few  days  past,  as  I  rode  through  a  wood,  I  heard 
certain  lamentable  screeches  and  cries,  as  of  some  needful 
and  afflicted  person.  I  forthwith  occurred,  borne  away  by 
my  profession,  towards  the  place  from  whence  the  lament- 
able voice  sounded,  and  I  found  tied  to  an  oaken  tree  this 
boy  whom  you  see  here  in  our  presence,  for  which  I  am 
marvellous  glad,  because  if  I  shall  not  say  the  truth  he 
may  check  me.  I  say  that  he  was  tied  to  the  oak,  stark 
naked  from  the  middle  upward,  and  a  certain  clown  was 
opening  his  flesh  with  cruel  blows  that  he  gave  him  with 
the  reins  of  a  bridle,  which  clown,  as  I  after  under- 
stood, was  his  master.  And  so,  as  soon  as  I  saw  him,  I 
demanded  the  cause  of  those  cruel  stripes.  The  rude 
fellow  answered  that  he  beat  him  because  he  was  his 
servant,  and  that  certain  negligences  of  his  proceeded 
rather  from  being  a  thief  than  of  simplicity.     To  which 


302  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

this  child  answered,  "Sir,  he  whips  me  for  no  other  cause 
but  by  reason  that  I  demand  my  wages  of  him."  His  master 
replied  I  know  not  now  what  speeches  and  excuses,  the 
which  although  I  heard,  yet  were  they  not  by  me  admitted. 
In  resolution,  I  caused  him  to  be  loosed,  and  took  the 
clown's  oath  that  he  would  take  him  home,  and  pay  him 
there  his  wages,  one  real  upon  another — ay,  and  those  also 
perfumed.  Is  it  not  true,  son  Andrew  ?  Didst  thou  not 
note  with  what  a  domineering  countenance  I  commanded 
it,  and  with  what  humility  he  promised  to  accomplish  all 
that  I  imposed,  commanded,  and  desired  ?  Answer 
me;  be  not  ashamed,  nor  stagger  at  all,  but  tell  what 
passed  to  these  gentlemen,  to  the  end  it  may  be  manifestly 
seen  how  necessary  it  is,  as  I  have  said,  to  have  knights- 
errant  up  and  down  the  highways.' 

'  All  that  which  you  have  said,'  quoth  the  boy,  '  is  very 
true;  but  the  end  of  the  matter  succeeded  altogether 
contrary  to  that  which  you  imagined.'  '  How  contrary  .^^ ' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  'Why,  hath  not  the  peasant  paid 
thee.'*'  *He  not  only  hath  not  paid  me,'  answered  the 
boy,  *  but  rather,  as  soon  as  you  were  past  the  wood,  and 
that  we  remained  both  alone,  he  turned  again  and  tied  me 
to  the  same  tree,  and  gave  me  afresh  so  many  blows,  as 
I  remained  another  St.  Bartholomew,  all  flayed ;  and  at 
every  blow  he  said  some  jest  or  other  in  derision  of  you ; 
so  that,  if  I  had  not  felt  the  pain  of  the  stripes  so  much 
as  I  did,  I  could  have  found  it  in  my  heart  to  have  laughed 
very  heartily.  In  fine,  he  left  me  in  such  pitiful  case  as  I 
have  been  ever  since  curing  myself  in  an  hospital  of  the 
evil  which  the  wicked  peasant  did  then  unto  me.  And 
you  are  in  the  fault  of  all  this,  for  if  you  had  ridden  on 
your  way,  and  not  come  to  the  place  where  you  were  not 
sought  for,  nor  intermeddled  yourself  in  other  men's 
affairs,  perhaps  my  master  had  contented  himself  with 
giving  me  a  dozen  or  two  of  strokes,  and  would  presently 
after  have  loosed  me  and  paid  me  my  wages.  But  by  reason 
you  dishonoured  him  so  much  without  cause,  and  said  to 
him  so  many  villains,  his  choler  was  inflamed,  and,  seeing 
he  could  not  revenge  it  on  you,  finding  himself  alone,  he 


Chap.  IV      ANDREW  AND   DON   QUIXOTE  303 

disburdened  the  shower  on  me  so  heavily  as  I  greatly 
fear  that  I  shall  never  again  be  mine  own  man/  '  The 
hurt  consisted  in  my  departure/  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for 
I  should  not  have  gone  from  thence  until  I  had  seen  thee 
paid  ;  for  I  might  have  very  well  known,  by  many  experi- 
ences, that  there  is  no  clown  that  will  keep  his  word,  if  he 
see  the  keeping  of  it  can  turn  any  way  to  his  damage. 
But  yet,  Andrew,  thou  dost  remember  how  I  swore  that 
if  he  paid  thee  not,  I  would  return  and  seek  him  out,  and 
likewise  find  him,  although  he  conveyed  himself  into  a 
whale's  belly/  '  That's  true,'  quoth  Andrew  ;  *  but  all 
avails  not/  '  Thou  shalt  see  whether  it  avails  or  no 
presently,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  and,  saying  so,  got  up 
very  hastily,  and  commanded  Sancho  to  bridle  Rozinante, 
who  was  feeding  whilst  they  did  eat.  Dorothea  demanded 
of  him  what  he  meant  to  do.  He  answered  that  he  would 
go  and  find  out  the  villain,  and  punish  him  for  using  such 
bad  proceedings,  and  cause  Andrew  to  be  paid  the  last 
denier,  in  despite  of  as  many  peasants  as  lived  in  the  world. 
To  which  she  answered,  entreating  him  to  remember  that 
he  could  not  deal  with  any  other  adventure,  according  to 
his  promise,  until  hers  were  achieved  ;  and  seeing  that  he 
himself  knew  it  to  be  true  better  than  any  other,  that  he 
should  pacify  himself  until  his  return  from  her  kingdom. 

'  You  have  reason,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  therefore 
Andrew  must  have  patience  perforce  until  my  return,  as 
you  have  said,  madam  ;  and,  when  I  shall  turn  again,  I  do 
swear  unto  him,  and  likewise  renew  my  promise,  never  to 
rest  until  he  be  satisfied  and  paid.'  '  I  believe  not  in  such 
oaths,'  quoth  Andrew,  '  but  would  have  as  much  money  as 
might  carry  me  to  Seville,  rather  than  all  the  revenges  in 
the  world.  Give  me  some  meat  to  eat,  and  carry  away 
with  me,  and  God  be  with  you  and  all  other  knights- 
errant  ;  and  I  pray  God  that  they  may  prove  as  erring  to 
themselves  as  they  have  been  to  me  ! ' 

Sancho  took  out  of  his  bag  a  piece  of  bread  and  cheese, 
and,  giving  it  to  the  youth,  said,  '  Hold,  brother  Andrew, 
for  every  one  hath  his  part  of  your  misfortune.'  '  I  pray 
you  what  part  thereof  have  you  .'' '  said  Andrew.     '  This 


304  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

piece  of  bread  and  cheese  that  I  bestow  on  thee/  quoth 
Sancho  ;  '  for,  God  only  knows  whether  I  shall  have  need 
of  it  again  or  no  ;  for  thou  must  wit,  friend,  that  we  the 
squires  of  knights-errant  are  very  subject  to  great  hunger 
and  evil  luck  ;  yea,  and  to  other  things,  which  are  better 
felt  than  told/  Andrew  laid  hold  on  his  bread  and  cheese, 
and,  seeing  that  nobody  gave  him  any  other  thing,  he 
bowed  his  head,  and  went  on  his  way.  True  it  is  that  he 
said  to  Don  Quixote  at  his  departure,  '  For  God's  love, 
good  sir  knight-errant,  if  you  shall  ever  meet  me  again  in 
the  plight  you  have  done,  although  you  should  see  me 
torn  in  pieces,  yet  do  not  succour  or  help  me,  but  leave 
me  in  my  disgrace  ;  for  it  cannot  be  so  great  but  that  a 
greater  will  result  from  your  help,  upon  whom,  and  all 
the  other  knights-errant  that  are  born  in  the  world,  I  pray 
God  His  curse  may  alight ! '  Don  Quixote  thought  to 
arise  to  chastise  him,  but  he  ran  away  so  swiftly  as  no  man 
durst  follow  him  ;  and  our  knight  remained  marvellously 
ashamed  at  Andrew's  tale  ;  wherefore  the  rest  with  much 
ado  suppressed  their  desire  to  laugh,  lest  they  should 
thoroughly  confound  him. 


CHAPTER  V 

Treating   of  that   which  befel  all  Don    Quixote   his   Train 

in  the  Inn 

The  dinner  being  ended,  they  saddled  and  went  to  horse 
presently,  and  travelled  all  that  day  and  the  next  without 
encountering  any  adventure  of  price,  until  they  arrived  at 
the  only  bug  and  scarecrow  of  Sancho  Panza,  and  though 
he  would  full  fain  have  excused  his  entry  into  it,  yet  could 
he  in  no  wise  avoid  it.  The  innkeeper,  the  hostess,  her 
daughter,  and  Maritornes,  seeing  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho 
return,  went  out  to  receive  them  with  tokens  of  great  love 
and  joy,  and  he  entertained  them  with  grave  countenance 


Chap.  V  RETURN   TO   THE   INN  305 

and  applause,  and  bade  them  to  make  him  ready  a  better 
bed  than  the  other  which  they  had  given  unto  him  the 
time  before.  '  Sir/  quoth  the  hostess,  '  if  you  would  pay 
us  better  than  the  last  time,  we  would  give  you  one  for  a 
prince/  Don  Quixote  answered  that  he  would.  They 
prepared  a  reasonable  good  bed  for  him  in  the  same  wide 
room  where  he  lay  before  ;  and  he  went  presently  to 
bed,  by  reason  that  he  arrived  much  tired,  and  void  of  wit. 
And  scarce  was  he  gotten  into  his  chamber,  when  the 
hostess  leaping  suddenly  on  the  barber,  and  taking  him  by 
the  beard,  said,  '  Now,  by  myself  blessed,  thou  shalt  use 
my  tail  no  more  for  a  beard,  and  thou  shalt  turn  me  my 
tail ;  for  my  husband's  comb  goes  thrown  up  and  down 
the  floor,  that  it  is  a  shame  to  see  it.  I  mean  the  comb 
that  I  was  wont  to  hang  up  in  my  good  tail.'  The  barber 
would  not  give  it  unto  her  for  all  her  drawing,  until  the 
licentiate  bade  him  to  restore  it,  that  they  had  now  no 
more  use  thereof,  but  that  he  might  now  very  well  discover 
himself,  and  appear  in  his  own  shape,  and  [say]  to  Don 
Quixote  that  after  the  galley-slaves  had  robbed  him  he 
fled  to  that  inn  ;  and  if  Don  Quixote  demanded  by  chance 
for  the  princess  her  squire,  that  they  should  tell  him  how 
she  had  sent  him  before  to  her  kingdom,  to  give  intelligence 
to  her  subjects  that  she  returned,  bringing  with  her  him 
that  should  free  and  give  them  all  liberty.  With  this  the 
barber  surrendered  the  tail  willingly  to  the  hostess,  and 
likewise  all  the  other  borrowed  wares  which  she  had  lent 
for  Don  Quixote's  delivery.  All  those  of  the  inn  rested 
wonderful  amazed  at  Dorothea's  beauty,  and  also  at  the 
comeliness  of  the  shepherd  Cardenio.  Then  the  curate 
gave  order  to  make  ready  for  them  such  meat  as  the  inn 
could  affx)rd ;  and  the  innkeeper,  in  hope  of  better 
payment,  did  dress  very  speedily  for  them  a  reasonable 
good  dinner.  Don  Quixote  slept  all  this  while,  and  they 
were  of  opinion  to  let  him  take  his  rest,  seeing  sleep  was 
more  requisite  for  his  disease  than  meat.  At  the  table 
they  discoursed  (the  innkeeper,  his  wife,  daughter,  and 
Maritornes,  and  all  the  other  travellers  being  present)  of 
Don  Quixote's  strange  frenzy,  and  of  the  manner  wherein 


3o6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

they  found  him.  The  hostess,  eftsoons,  recounted  what 
had  happened  there,  between  him  and  the  carrier ;  and 
looking  to  see  whether  Sancho  were  present,  perceiving 
that  he  was  away,  she  told  likewise  all  the  story  of  his 
canvassing,  whereat  they  conceived  no  little  content  and 
pastime.  And,  as  the  curate  said  that  the  original  cause  of 
Don  Quixote's  madness  proceeded  from  the  reading  of 
books  of  knighthood,  the  innkeeper  answered, — 

'  I  cannot  conceive  how  that  can  be,  for,  as  I  believe, 
there  is  no  reading  so  delightful  in  this  world,  and  I 
myself  have  two  or  three  books  of  that  kind  with  other 
papers,  which  do  verily  keep  me  alive,  and  not  only  me, 
but  many  other.  For  in  the  reaping  times,  many  of  the 
reapers  repair  to  this  place  in  the  heats  of  mid-day,  and 
there  is  evermore  some  one  or  other  among  them  that  can 
read,  who  takes  one  of  these  books  in  hand,  and  then 
some  thirty  or  more  of  us  do  compass  him  about,  and  do 
listen  to  him  with  such  pleasure,  as  it  hinders  a  thousand 
hoary  hairs ;  for  I  dare  say,  at  least  of  myself,  that  when 
I  hear  tell  of  those  furious  and  terrible  blows  that  knights- 
errant  give,  it  inflames  me  with  a  desire  to  become  such  a 
one  myself,  and  could  find  in  my  heart  to  be  hearing  of 
them  day  and  night.'  *  I  am  just  of  the  same  mind,  no 
more,  nor  no  less,'  said  the  hostess,  '  for  I  never  have  any 
quiet  hour  in  my  house,  but  when  thou  art  hearing  those 
books  whereon  thou  art  so  besotted,  as  then  thou  dost 
only  forget  to  chide,  which  is  thy  ordinary  exercise  at 
other  times.'  'That  is  very  true,'  said  Maritornes ;  'and 
I  in  good  sooth  do  take  great  delight  to  hear  those  things, 
for  they  are  very  fine,  and  especially  when  they  tell  how 
such  a  lady  lies  embraced  by  her  knight  under  an  orange 
tree,  and  that  a  certain  damsel  keepeth  watch  all  the  while, 
ready  to  burst  for  envy  that  she  hath  not  likewise  her 
sweetheart,  and  very  much  afraid.  I  say  that  all  those 
things  are  as  sweet  as  honey  to  me.'  '  And  you,'  quoth 
the  curate  to  the  innkeeper's  daughter,  '  what  do  you 
think  ?'  'I  know  not  in  good  sooth,  sir,'  quoth  she ; 
'  but  I  do  likewise  give  ear,  and  in  truth,  although  I 
understand  it  not,  yet  do  I  take  some  pleasure  to  hear 


Chap.V  THE  INNKEEPER'S   BOOKS  307 

them ;  but  I  mislike  greatly  those  blows  which  please  my 
father  so  much,  and  only  delight  in  the  lamentations  that 
knights  make  being  absent  from  their  ladies;  which  in 
sooth  do  now  and  then  make  me  weep  through  the  com- 
passion I  take  of  them.'  '  Well,  then,'  quoth  Dorothea, 
'  belike,  fair  maiden,  you  would  remedy  them,  if  such 
plaints  were  breathed  for  your  own  sake  ? '  'I  know  not 
what  I  would  do,'  answered  the  girl,  '  only  this  I  know, 
that  there  are  some  of  those  ladies  so  cruel,  as  their 
knights  call  them  tigers  and  lions,  and  a  thousand  other 
wild  beasts.  And,  good  Jesus,  I  know  not  what  unsouled 
folk  they  be,  and  so  without  conscience,  that  because  they 
will  not  once  behold  an  honourable  man,  they  suffer  him 
either  to  die  or  run  mad.  And  I  know  not  to  what  end 
serves  all  that  coyness.  For  if  they  do  it  for  honesty's 
sake,  let  them  marry  with  them,  for  the  knights  desire 
nothing  more.'  *  Peace,  child,'  quoth  the  hostess  ;  *  for  it 
seems  that  thou  knowest  too  much  of  those  matters,  and 
it  is  not  decent  that  maidens  should  know  or  speak  so 
much.'  '  I  speak,'  quoth  she,  '  by  reason  that  this  good 
sir  made  me  the  demand ;  and  I  could  not  in  courtesy 
omit  to  answer  him.'  'Well,'  said  the  curate,  'let  me 
entreat  you,  good  mine  host,  to  bring  us  here  those  books, 
for  I  would  fain  see  them.' 

'  I  am  pleased,'  said  the  innkeeper ;  and  then  entering 
into  his  chamber,  he  brought  forth  a  little  old  malet  shut 
up  with  a  chain ;  and,  opening  thereof,  he  took  out  three 
great  books  and  certain  papers  written  with  a  very  fair 
letter.  The  first  book  he  opened  was  that  of  Bon 
Cirongilio  of  T^hracia^  the  other,  Felixmarte  of  Hircania^ 
and  the  third,  'The  History  of  the  Great  Captain^  Gonzalo 
Hernandez  of  Cordova^  with  the  life  of  Diego  Garcia  of 
Paredes  adjoined.  As  soon  as  the  curate  had  read  the 
titles  of  the  two  books,  he  said  to  the  barber,  '  We  have 
now  great  want  of  our  friends,  the  old  woman  and  niece.' 
'  Not  so  much  as  you  think,'  quoth  the  barber ;  '  for  I 
know  also  the  way  to  the  yard  or  the  chimney,  and,  in 
good  sooth,  there  is  a  fire  in  it  good  enough  for  that  pur- 
pose.'    '  Would  you   then,'   quoth    the  host,   '  burn  my 


3o8  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

books  ? '  '  No  more  of  them,'  quoth  the  curate ;  '  but 
these  first  two  of  Don  Cirongilio  and  Felixmarte'  'Are 
my  books  perhaps/  quoth  the  innkeeper,  '  heretical  or 
phlegmatical,  that  you  would  thus  roughly  handle  them  ? ' 
'  Schismatical,  thou  shouldst  have  said,'  quoth  the  barber, 
'  and  not  phlegmatical.'  '  It  is  so,'  said  the  innkeeper  ; 
'  but  if  you  will  needs  burn  any,  I  pray  you,  rather  let  it 
be  that  of  the  Great  Captain^  and  of  that  Diego  Garcia ; 
for  I  would  rather  suffer  one  of  my  sons  to  be  burned 
than  any  one  of  those  other  two.'  '  Good  friend,  these 
two  books  are  lying,  and  full  of  follies  and  vanities ;  but 
that  of  the  Great  Captain  is  true,  and  containeth  the  acts 
of  Gonzalo  Hernandez  of  Cordova,  who  for  his  sundry 
and  noble  acts  merited  to  be  termed  by  all  the  world  the 
Great  Captain,  a  name  famous,  illustrious,  and  only  de- 
served by  himself,  and  this  other,  Diego  Garcia  of  Paredes, 
was  a  noble  gentleman,  born  in  the  city  of  Truxillo  in 
Estremadura,  and  was  a  most  valorous  soldier,  and  of  so 
surpassing  force,  as  he  would  detain  a  mill-wheel  with  one 
hand  from  turning  in  the  midst  of  the  speediest  motion  : 
and  standing  once  at  the  end  of  a  bridge,  with  a  two- 
handed  sword,  defended  the  passage  against  a  mighty 
army  that  attempted  to  pass  over  it ;  and  did  so  many 
other  things,  that  if  another  who  were  a  stranger  and 
unpassionate  had  written  them,  as  he  did  himself  who  was 
the  relater  and  historiographer  of  his  own  acts,  and  there- 
fore recounted  them  with  the  modesty  of  a  gentleman 
and  proper  chronicler,  they  would  have  drowned  all  the 
Hectors,  Achilleses,  and  Rolands  in  oblivion.' 

'  There  is  a  jest,'  quoth  the  innkeeper.  '  Deal  with 
my  father,  I  pray  you  see  at  what  you  wonder.  A  wise 
tale  at  the  withholding  of  the  wheel  of  a  mill.  I  swear 
you  ought  to  read  that  which  is  read  in  Felixmarte  of  Hir- 
cania^  who  with  one  thwart  blow  cut  five  mighty  giants  in 
halves,  as  if  they  were  of  beans,  like  to  the  little  friars  that 
children  make  of  bean-cods  ;  and  set  another  time  upon  a 
great  and  most  powerful  army  of  more  than  a  million  and 
six  hundred  thousand  soldiers,  and  overthrew  and  scattered 
them  all  like  a  flock  of  sheep.     What,  then,  can  you  say 


Chap.V  THE   INNKEEPER'S   BOOKS  309 

to  me  of  the  good  Don  Cirongilio  of  Thracia,  who  was  so 
animous  and  valiant,  as  may  be  seen  in  his  book  ;  wherein 
is  laid  down,  that,  as  he  sailed  along  a  river,  there  issued 
out  of  the  midst  of  the  water  a  serpent  of  fire,  and  he,  as 
soon  as  he  perceived  it,  leaped  upon  her,  and  hanging  by 
her  scaly  shoulders,  he  wrung  her  throat  so  straitly  be- 
tween both  his  arms,  that  the  serpent,  perceiving  herself 
to  be  well-nigh  strangled,  had  no  other  way  to  save  herself 
but  by  diving  down  into  the  deeps,  carrying  the  knight 
away  with  her,  who  would  never  let  go  his  grip,  and  when 
they  came  to  the  bottom  he  found  himself  by  a  palace  in 
such  fair  and  pleasant  gardens,  as  it  was  a  wonder  ;  and 
presently  the  serpent  turned  into  an  old  man,  which  said 
to  him  such  things  as  there  is  no  more  to  be  desired. 
Two  figs  for  the  Great  Captain  and  that  Diego  Garcia  of 
whom  you  speak.' 

Dorothea,  hearing  him  speak  thus,  said  to  Cardenio, 
'  Methinks  our  host  wants  but  little  to  make  up  a  second 
part  of  Don  Quixote.'  '  So  it  seems  to  me  likewise,' 
replied  Cardenio  ;  '  for,  as  we  may  conjecture  by  his 
words,  he  certainly  believes  that  everything  written  in 
those  books  passed  just  as  it  is  laid  down,  and  barefooted 
friars  would  be  scarce  able  to  persuade  him  the  contrary.' 
'  Know,  friend,'  quoth  the  curate  to  the  innkeeper,  '  that 
there  was  never  any  such  man  as  Felixmarte  of  Hircania, 
or  Don  Cirongilio  of  Thracia,  nor  other  such  knights  as 
books  of  chivalry  recount  ;  for  all  is  but  a  device  and 
fiction  of  idle  wits  that  composed  them,  to  the  end  that 
thou  sayst,  to  pass  over  the  time,  as  your  readers  do  in 
reading  of  them.  For  I  sincerely  swear  unto  thee,  that 
there  were  never  such  knights  in  the  world,  nor  such 
adventures  and  ravings  happened  in  it.'  *  Cast  that  bone 
to  another  dog,'  quoth  the  innkeeper,  '  as  though  I  knew 
not  how  many  numbers  are  five,  and  where  the  shoe  wrests 
me  now.  I  pray  you,  sir,  go  not  about  to  give  me  pap, 
for  by  the  Lord  I  am  not  so  white.  Is  it  not  a  good  sport 
that  you  labour  to  persuade  me,  that  all  that  which  these 
good  books  say  are  but  ravings  and  fables,  they  being 
printed  by  grace  and  favour  of  the  Lords  of  the  Privy 


310  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Council  ;  as  if  they  were  folk  that  would  permit  so  many 
lies  to  be  printed  at  once,  and  so  many  battles  and  en- 
chantments, as  are  able  to  make  a  man  run  out  of  his  wits/ 
'  I  have  told  thee  already,  friend,'  said  the  curate,  '  that 
this  is  done  for  the  recreation  of  our  idle  thoughts,  and  so 
even  as,  in  well-governed  commonwealths,  the  plays  at 
chess,  tennis,  and  trucks  are  tolerated  for  the  pastime  of 
some  men  which  have  none  other  occupation,  and  either 
ought  not  or  cannot  work,  even  so  such  books  are  per- 
mitted to  be  printed  ;  presuming  (as  in  truth  they  ought) 
that  no  man  would  be  found  so  simple  and  ignorant  as  to 
hold  any  of  these  books  for  a  true  history.  And  if  my 
leisure  permitted,  and  that  it  were  a  thing  requisite  for 
this  auditory,  I  could  say  many  things  concerning  the 
subject  of  books  of  knighthood,  to  the  end  that  they  should 
be  well  contrived,  and  also  be  pleasant  and  profitable  to 
the  readers  ;  but  I  hope  sometime  to  have  the  commodity 
to  communicate  my  conceit  with  those  that  may  redress  it. 
And  in  the  meanwhile,  you  may  believe,  good  mine  host, 
what  I  have  said,  and  take  to  you  your  books,  and  agree 
with  their  truths  or  leasings  as  you  please,  and  much  good 
may  it  do  you  ;  and  I  pray  God  that  you  halt  not  in  time 
on  the  foot  that  your  guest  Don  Quixote  halteth.'  *  Not 
so,'  quoth  the  innkeeper,  '  for  I  will  never  be  so  wood  as 
to  become  a  knight-errant,  for  I  see  well  that  what  was 
used  in  the  times  of  these  famous  knights  is  now  in  no  use 
nor  request.' 

Sancho  came  in  about  the  midst  of  this  discourse,  and 
rested  much  confounded  and  pensative  of  that  which  he 
heard  them  say,  that  knights-errant  were  now  in  no 
request,  and  that  the  books  of  chivalry  only  contained 
follies  and  lies,  and  purposed  with  himself  to  see  the  end 
of  that  voyage  of  his  lord's,  and  that  if  it  sorted  not  the 
wished  success  which  he  expected,  he  resolved  to  leave  him 
and  return  home  to  his  wife  and  children  and  accustomed 
labour.  The  innkeeper  thought  to  take  away  his  books 
and  budget,  but  the  curate  withheld  him,  saying,  '  Stay  a 
while,  for  I  would  see  what  papers  are  those  which  are 
written  in  so  fair  a  character.'     The  host  took  them  out 


Chap.  V  THE   INNKEEPER'S   BOOKS  311 

and  gave  them  to  him  to  read,  being  in  number  some 
eight  sheets,  with  a  title  written  in  text  letters,  which  said, 
The  History  of  the  Curious-Impertinent.  The  curate  read 
two  or  three  lines  softly  to  himself,  and  said  after,  '  Truly 
the  title  of  this  history  doth  not  mislike  me,  and  therefore 
I  am  about  to  read  it  through/  The  innkeeper  hearing 
him,  said,  '  Your  reverence  may  very  well  do  it,  for  I 
assure  you  that  some  guests  which  have  read  it  here,  as 
they  travelled,  did  commend  it  exceedingly,  and  have 
begged  it  of  me  as  earnestly,  but  I  would  never  bestow  it, 
hoping  some  day  to  restore  it  to  the  owner  of  this  malet, 
who  forgot  it  here  behind  him  with  these  books  and 
papers,  for  it  may  be  that  he  will  sometime  return,  and 
although  I  know  that  I  shall  have  great  want  of  the  books, 
yet  will  I  make  to  him  restitution,  for  although  I  am  an 
innkeeper,  yet  God  be  thanked  I  am  a  Christian  there- 
withal/ '  You  have  great  reason,  my  friend,'  quoth  the 
curate  ;  '  but  yet  notwithstanding,  if  the  taste  like  me, 
thou  must  give  me  leave  to  take  a  copy  thereof.'  '  With 
all  my  heart,'  replied  the  host.  And  as  they  two  talked, 
Cardenio,  taking  the  book,  began  to  read  a  little  of  it,  and, 
it  pleasing  him  as  much  as  it  had  done  the  curate,  he 
requested  him  to  read  it  in  such  sort  as  they  might  all 
hear  him.  '  That  I  would  willingly  do,'  said  the  curate, 
*  if  the  time  were  not  now  more  fit  for  sleeping  than 
reading.'  '  It  were  sufficient  repose  for  me,'  said  Dorothea, 
'to  pass  away  the  time  listening  to  some  tale  or  other,  for 
my  spirit  is  not  yet  so  well  quieted  as  to  afford  me  licence 
to  sleep,  even  then  when  nature  exacteth  it.'  '  If  that  be 
so,'  quoth  the  curate,  *  I  will  read  it,  if  it  were  but  for 
curiosity  ;  perhaps  it  containeth  some  delightful  matter.' 
Master  Nicholas  and  Sancho  entreated  the  same.  The 
curate,  seeing  and  knowing  that  he  should  therein  do  them 
all  a  pleasure,  and  he  himself  likewise  receive  as  great, 
said,  '  Seeing  you  will  needs  hear  it,  be  all  of  you  attentive, 
for  the  history  beginneth  in  this  manner.' 


312  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

CHAPTER  VI 

Wherein  is  rehearsed  the  History  of  the  Curious-hnpertinent 

'  In  Florence,  a  rich  and  famous  city  of  Italy,  in  the  pro- 
vince called  Tuscany,  there  dwelt  two  rich  and  principal 
gentlemen  called  Anselmo  and  Lothario,  which  two  were 
so  great  friends,  as  they  were  named  for  excellency,  and 
by  antonomasia,  by  all  those  that  knew  them,  the  Two 
Friends.  They  were  both  bachelors,  and  much  of  one 
age  and  manners ;  all  which  was  of  force  to  make  them 
answer  one  another  with  reciprocal  amity.  True  it  is  that 
Anselmo  was  somewhat  more  inclined  to  amorous  dalliance 
than  Lothario,  who  was  altogether  addicted  to  hunting. 
But  when  occasion  exacted  it,  Anselmo  would  omit  his 
own  pleasures,  to  satisfy  his  friend's  ;  and  Lothario  likewise 
his,  to  please  Anselmo.  And  by  this  means  both  their 
wills  were  so  correspondent,  as  no  clock  could  be  better 
ordered  than  were  their  desires.  Anselmo  being  at  last 
deeply  enamoured  of  a  principal  and  beautiful  young 
lady  of  the  same  city,  called  Camilla,  being  so  worthily 
descended,  and  she  herself  of  such  merit  therewithal,  as  he 
resolved  (by  the  consent  of  his  friend  Lothario,  without 
whom  he  did  nothing)  to  demand  her  of  her  parents  for 
wife ;  and  did  put  his  purpose  in  execution  ;  and  Lothario 
himself  was  the  messenger,  and  concluded  the  matter  so 
to  his  friend's  satisfaction,  as  he  was  shortly  after  put  in 
possession  of  his  desires ;  and  Camilla  so  contented  to  have 
gotten  Anselmo,  as  she  ceased  not  to  render  Heaven  and 
Lothario  thanks,  by  whose  means  she  had  obtained  so 
great  a  match.  The  first  days,  as  all  marriage  days  are 
wont  to  be  merry,  Lothario  frequented,  according  to  the 
custom,  his  friend  Anselmo's  house,  endeavouring  to 
honour,  feast,  and  recreate  him  all  the  ways  he  might 
possibly.  But  after  the  nuptials  were  finished,  and  the 
concourse  of  strangers,  visitations,  and  congratulations 
somewhat   ceased,  Lothario   also   began   to   be   somewhat 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  313 

more  slack  than  he  wonted  in  going  to  Anselmo  his  house, 
deeming  it  (as  it  is  reason  that  all  discreet  men  should)  not 
so  convenient  to  visit  or  haunt  so  often  the  house  of  his 
friend  after  marriage  as  he  would,  had  he  still  remained 
a  bachelor.  For  although  true  amity  neither  should  nor 
ought  to  admit  the  least  suspicion,  yet  notwithstanding  a 
married  man's  honour  is  so  delicate  and  tender  a  thing,  as 
it  seems  it  may  be  sometimes  impaired,  even  by  very 
brethren ;  and  how  much  more  by  friends  ?  Anselmo 
noted  the  remission  of  Lothario,  and  did  grievously  com- 
plain thereof,  saying  that,  if  he  had  wist  by  marriage  he 
should  thus  be  deprived  of  his  dear  conversation,  he  would 
never  have  married ;  and  that  since  through  the  uniform 
correspondency  of  them  both  being  free,  they  had  deserved 
the  sweet  title  of  the  Two  Friends,  that  he  should  not  now 
permit  (because  he  would  be  noted  circumspect  without 
any  other  occasion)  that  so  famous  and  pleasing  a  name 
should  be  lost ;  and  therefore  he  requested  him  (if  it  were 
lawful  to  use  such  a  term  between  them  two)  to  return 
and  be  master  of  his  house,  and  come  and  go  as  he  had 
done  before  his  marriage,  assuring  him  that  his  spouse 
Camilla  had  no  other  pleasure  and  will,  than  that  which 
himself  pleased  she  should  have ;  and  that  she,  after 
having  known  how  great  was  both  their  friendships,  was 
not  a  little  amazed  to  see  him  become  so  strange. 

*To  all  these  and  many  other  reasons  alleged  by 
Anselmo,  to  persuade  Lothario  to  frequent  his  house,  he 
answered  with  so  great  prudence,  discretion,  and  wariness, 
as  Anselmo  remained  satisfied  of  his  friend's  good  intention 
herein ;  and  they  made  an  agreement  between  them  two, 
that  Lothario  should  dine  at  his  house  twice  a  week,  and 
the  holy  days  besides.  And  although  this  agreement  had 
passed  between  them,  yet  Lothario  purposed  to  do  that 
only  which  he  should  find  most  expedient  for  his  friend's 
honour,  whose  reputation  he  tendered  much  more  dearly 
than  he  did  his  own  ;  and  was  wont  to  say  very  discreetly, 
that  the  married  man,  unto  whom  Heaven  had  given  a 
beautiful  wife,  ought  to  have  as  much  heed  of  the  friends 
which  he  brought  to  his  house,  as  he  should  of  the  women 


314  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

friends  that  visited  his  wife ;  for  that  which  is  not  done 
nor  agreed  upon  in  the  church  or  market,  nor  in  public 
feasts  or  stations  (being  places  that  a  man  cannot  lawfully 
hinder  his  wife  from  frequenting  sometimes  at  least)  are 
ofttimes  facilitated  and  contrived  in  a  friend's  or  kins- 
woman's house,  whom  perhaps  we  never  suspected. 
Anselmo  on  the  other  side  affirmed,  that  therefore  married 
men  ought  every  one  of  them  to  have  some  friend  who 
might  advertise  them  of  the  faults  escaped  in  their  manner 
of  proceeding  ;  for  it  befalls  many  times,  that  through  the 
great  love  which  the  husband  bears  to  his  wife,  either  he 
doth  not  take  notice,  or  else  he  doth  not  advertise  her, 
because  he  would  not  offend  her  to  do  or  omit  to  do 
certain  things,  the  doing  or  omitting  whereof  might  turn 
to  his  honour  or  obloquy ;  to  which  things,  being  adver- 
tised by  his  friend,  he  might  easily  apply  some  remedy. 
But  where  might  a  man  find  a  friend  so  discreet,  loyal, 
and  trusty  as  Anselmo  demands.?  I  know  not  truly,  if 
not  Lothario :  for  he  it  was  that  with  all  solicitude  and 
care  regarded  the  honour  of  his  friend ;  and  therefore 
endeavoured  to  clip  and  diminish  the  number  of  the  days 
promised,  lest  he  should  give  occasion  to  the  idle  vulgar, 
or  to  the  eyes  of  vagabonds  and  malicious  men  to  judge 
any  sinister  thing,  viewing  so  rich,  comely,  noble,  and 
qualified  a  young  man  as  he  was,  to  have  so  free  access 
into  the  house  of  a  woman  so  beautiful  as  Camilla.  For 
though  his  virtues  and  modest  carriage  were  sufficiently 
able  to  set  a  bridle  to  any  malignant  tongue,  yet  notwith- 
standing he  would  not  have  his  credit,  nor  that  of  his 
friends,  called  into  any  question ;  and  therefore  would 
spend  most  of  the  days  that  he  had  agreed  to  visit  his 
friend,  in  other  places  and  exercises ;  yet  feigning  excuses 
so  plausible,  as  his  friend  admitted  them  for  very  reason- 
able. And  thus  the  time  passed  on  in  challenges  of 
unkindness  of  the  one  side,  and  lawful  excuses  of  the 
other. 

*  It  so  fell  out,  that,  as  both  the  friends  walked  on  a  day 
together  in  a  field  without  the  city,  Anselmo  said  to 
Lothario  these  words  ensuing :  "  I  know  very  well,  friend 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  315 

Lothario,  that  among  all  the  favours  which  God  of  His 
bounty  hath  bestowed  upon  me  by  making  me  the  son  of 
such  parents,  and  giving  to  me  with  so  liberal  a  hand,  both 
the  goods  of  nature  and  fortune ;  yet  as  I  cannot  answer 
Him  with  sufficient  gratitude  for  the  benefits  already 
received,  so  do  I  find  myself  most  highly  bound  unto 
Him  above  all  others,  for  having  given  me  such  a  friend 
as  thou  art,  and  so  beautiful  a  wife  as  Camilla,  being  both 
of  you  such  pawns,  as  if  I  esteem  you  not  in  the  degree 
which  I  ought,  yet  do  I  hold  you  as  dear  as  I  may.  And 
yet,  possessing  all  those  things  which  are  wont  to  be  the  all 
and  some  that  are  wont  and  may  make  a  man  happy,  I 
live  notwithstanding  the  most  sullen  and  discontented  life 
of  the  world,  being  troubled,  I  know  not  since  when,  and 
inwardly  wrested  with  so  strange  a  desire,  and  extravagant, 
from  the  common  use  of  others,  as  I  marvel  at  myself,  and 
do  condemn  and  rebuke  myself  when  I  am  alone,  and  do 
labour  to  conceal  and  cover  mine  own  desires ;  all  which 
hath  served  me  to  as  little  effect,  as  if  I  had  proclaimed 
mine  own  errors  purposely  to  the  world.  And  seeing  that 
it  must  finally  break  out,  my  will  is,  that  it  be  only  com- 
municated to  the  treasury  of  thy  secret ;  hoping  by  it  and 
mine  own  industry,  which,  as  my  true  friend,  thou  wilt 
use  to  help  me,  I  shall  be  quickly  freed  from  the  anguish 
it  causeth,  and  by  thy  means  my  joy  and  contentment 
shall  arrive  to  the  pass  that  my  discontents  have  brought 
me  through  mine  own  folly." 

*  Lothario  stood  suspended  at  Anselmo's  speech,  as  one 
that  could  not  imagine  to  what  so  prolix  a  prevention  and 
preamble  tended ;  and  although  he  revolved  and  imagined 
sundry  things  in  his  mind  which  he  deemed  might  afHict 
his  friend,  yet  did  he  ever  shoot  wide  from  the  mark  which 
in  truth  it  was;  and  that  he  might  quickly  escape  that 
agony,  wherein  the  suspension  held  him,  he  said,  that  his 
friend  did  notable  injury  to  their  amity,  in  searching  out 
wreathings  and  ambages  in  the  discovery  of  his  most 
hidden  thoughts  to  him,  seeing  he  might  assure  himself 
certainly,  either  to  receive  counsels  of  him  how  to  enter- 
tain, or  else  remedy  and  means  how  to  accomplish  them. 


3i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'*'It  is  very  true,'*  answered  Anselmo,  *' and  with  that 
confidence  I  let  thee  to  understand,  friend  Lothario,  that 
the  desire  which  vexeth  me  is  a  longing  to  know  whether 
my  wife  Camilla  be  as  good  and  perfect  as  I  do  account 
her,  and  I  cannot  wholly  rest  satisfied  of  this  truth,  but  by 
making  trial  of  her,  in  such  sort  as  it  may  give  manifest 
argument  of  the  degree  of  her  goodness,  as  the  fire  doth 
show  the  value  of  gold ;  for  I  am  of  opinion,  O  friend, 
that  a  woman  is  of  no  more  worth  or  virtue  than  that 
which  is  in  her,  after  she  hath  been  solicited ;  ^  and  that 
she  alone  is  strong  who  cannot  be  bowed  by  the  promises, 
gifts,  tears,  and  continual  importunities  of  importunate 
lovers.  For  what  thanks  is  it,"  quoth  he,  ''  for  a  woman 
to  be  good,  if  nobody  say  or  teach  her  ill  ?  What  wonder 
that  she  be  retired  and  timorous,  if  no  occasion  be 
ministered  to  her  of  dissolution,  and  chiefly  she  that  knows 
she  hath  a  husband  ready  to  kill  her  for  the  least  argu- 
ment of  lightness  ?  So  that  she  which  is  only  good  for 
fear  or  want  of  occasion,  will  I  never  hold  in  that 
estimation,  that  I  would  the  other  solicited  and  pursued, 
who,  notwithstanding,  comes  away  crowned  with  the 
victory.  And  therefore,  being  moved  as  well  by  these 
reasons  as  by  many  other  which  I  could  tell  you,  which 
accredit  and  fortify  mine  opinion,  I  desire  that  my  wife 
Camilla  do  also  pass  through  the  pikes  of  those  proofs  and 
difficulties,  and  purify  and  refine  herself  in  the  fire  of 
being  requested,  solicited,  and  pursued,  and  that  by  one 
whose  worths  and  valour  may  deserve  acceptance  in  her 
opinion ;  and  if  she  bear  away  the  palm  of  the  victory,  as 
I  believe  she  will,  I  shall  account  my  fortune  matchless, 
and  may  brag  that  my  desires  are  in  their  height,  and  will 
say  that  a  strong  woman  hath  fallen  to  my  lot,  of  whom 
the  wise  man  saith,  *  Who  shall  find  her  ? '  And  when  it 
shall  succeed  contrary  to  mine  expectation,  I  shall,  with 
the  pleasure  that  I  will  conceive  to  see  how  rightly  it 
jumps  with  mine  opinion,  bear  very  indifFerent[ly]  the  grief 
which  in  all  reason  this  so  costly  a  trial  must  stir  in  me. 
And  presupposing  that  nothing  which  thou  shalt  say  to 

^  Casfa  est  quam  nemo  rogavit. 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  317 

me  shall  be  available  to  hinder  my  design,  or  dissuade  me 
from  putting  my  purpose  in  execution,  I  would  have 
thyself,  dear  friend  Lothario,  to  provide  thee  to  be  the 
instrument  that  shall  labour  this  work  of  my  liking,  and  I 
will  give  thee  opportunity  enough  to  perform  the  same, 
without  omitting  anything  that  may  further  thee  in  the 
solicitation  of  an  honest,  noble,  wary,  retired,  and  passion- 
less woman. 

'  "  And  I  am  chiefly  moved  to  commit  this  so  hard  an 
enterprise  to  thy  trust,  because  I  know  that,  if  Camilla  be 
vanquished  by  thee,  yet  shall  not  the  victory  arrive  to  the 
last  push  and  upshot,  but  only  to  that  of  accounting  a 
thing  to  be  done,  which  shall  not  be  done  for  many  good 
respects.  So  shall  I  remain  nothing  offended,  and  mine 
injury  concealed  in  the  virtue  of  thy  silence  ;  for  I 
know  thy  care  to  be  such  in  matters  concerning  me,  as 
it  shall  be  eternal,  like  that  of  death.  And  therefore 
if  thou  desirest  that  I  may  lead  a  life  deserving  that 
name,  thou  must  forthwith  provide  thyself  to  enter  into 
this  amorous  conflict,  and  that  not  languishing  or  sloth- 
fully,  but  with  that  courage  and  diligence  which  my 
desire  expecteth,  and  the  confidence  I  have  in  our  amity 
assureth  me.'' 

'  These  were  the  reasons  used  by  Anselmo  to  Lothario, 
to  all  which  he  was  so  attentive,  as,  until  he  ended,  he  did 
not  once  unfold  his  lips  to  speak  a  word  save  those  which 
we  have  above  related ;  and  seeing  that  he  spoke  no  more, 
after  he  had  beheld  him  a  good  while,  as  a  thing  that  he 
had  never  before,  and  did  therefore  strike  him  into  admir- 
ation and  amazement,  he  said,  "  Friend  Anselmo,  I  cannot 
persuade  myself  that  the  words  you  have  spoken  be 
other  than  jests,  for,  had  I  thought  that  thou  wert  in 
earnest,  I  would  not  have  sufl^ered  thee  to  pass  on  so  far, 
and  by  lending  thee  no  ear  would  have  excused  this 
tedious  oration.  I  do  verily  imagine  that  either  thou  dost 
not  know  me,  or  I  thee  ;  but  not  so,  for  I  know  thee 
to  be  Anselmo,  and  thou  that  I  am  Lothario.  The 
damage  is,  that  I  think  thou  art  not  the  Anselmo  thou 
wast  wont  to   be,  and    perhaps    thou    deemest    me    not 


3i8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  be  the  accustomed  Lothario  that  I  ought  to  be  ;  for 
the  things  which  thou  hast  spoken  are  not  of  that  Anselmo 
my  friend,  nor  those  which  thou  seekest  ought  to  be 
demanded  of  that  Lothario,  of  whom  thou  hast  notice. 
For  true  friends  ought  to  prove  and  use  their  friends,  as 
the  poet  said,  usque  ad  aras^  that  is,  that  they  should  in 
no  sort  employ  them  or  implore  their  assistance  in  things 
oiFensive  unto  God  ;  and  if  a  Gentile  was  of  this  opinion 
in  matters  of  friendship,  how  much  greater  reason  is  it 
that  a  Christian  should  have  that  feeling,  specially  knowing 
that  the  celestial  amity  is  not  to  be  lost  for  any  human 
friendship  whatsoever.  And  when  the  friend  should 
throw  the  bars  so  wide,  as  to  set  heavenly  respects  apart, 
for  to  compliment  with  his  friend,  it  must  not  be  done  on 
light  grounds,  or  for  things  of  small  moment,  but  rather 
for  those  whereon  his  friend's  life  and  honour  wholly 
depend.  Then  tell  me  now,  Anselmo,  in  which  of  these 
two  things  art  thou  in  danger,  that  I  may  adventure  my 
person  to  do  thee  a  pleasure,  and  attempt  so  detestable  a 
thing  as  thou  dost  demand  .''  None  of  them  truly,  but 
rather  dost  demand,  as  I  may  conjecture,  that  I  do 
industriously  labour  to  deprive  thee  of  thine  honour  and 
life  together,  and,  in  doing  so,  I  likewise  deprive  myself 
of  them  both.  For  if  I  must  labour  to  take  away  thy 
credit,  it  is  most  evident  that  I  despoil  thee  of  life,  for  a 
man  without  reputation  is  worse  than  a  dead  man,  and  I 
being  the  instrument,  as  thou  desirest  that  I  should  be,  of 
so  great  harm  unto  thee,  do  not  I  become  likewise  thereby 
dishonoured,  and  by  the  same  consequence  also  without 
life  }  Here  me,  friend  Anselmo,  and  have  patience  not 
to  answer  me  until  I  have  said  all  that  I  think,  concerning 
that  which  thy  mind  exacteth  of  thee  ;  for  we  shall  have 
after  leisure  enough,  wherein  thou  mayst  reply,  and  I 
have  patience  to  listen  unto  thy  reasons." 

'"I  am  pleased,"  quoth  Anselmo;  ''say  what  thou 
likest."  And  Lothario  prosecuted  his  speech  in  this 
manner  :  "  Methinks,  Anselmo,  that  thou  art  now  of  the 
Moors'  humours,  which  can  by  no  means  be  made  to 
understand  the  error  of  their  sect,  neither  by  citations  of 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  319 

the  Holy  Scripture,  nor  by  reasons  which  consist  in 
speculations  of  the  understanding,  or  that  are  founded  in 
the  Articles  of  the  Faith,  but  must  be  won  by  palpable 
examples,  and  those  easy,  intelligible,  demonstrative,  and 
doubtless,  by  mathematical  demonstrations,  which  cannot 
be  denied.  Even  as  when  we  say,  '  If  from  two  equal 
parts  we  take  away  two  parts  equal,  the  parts  that  remain 
are  also  equal/  And  when  they  cannot  understand  this, 
as  in  truth  they  do  not,  we  must  demonstrate  it  to  them 
with  our  hands,  and  lay  it  before  their  eyes,  and  yet  for  all 
this  nought  can  avail  to  win  them  in  the  end  to  give  credit 
to  the  verities  of  our  religion  ;  which  very  terms  and 
manner  of  proceeding  I  must  use  with  thee,  by  reason  that 
the  desire  which  is  sprung  in  thee  doth  so  wander  and 
stray  from  all  that  which  bears  the  shadow  only  of  reason, 
as  I  doubt  much  that  I  shall  spend  my  time  in  vain,  which 
I  shall  bestow,  to  make  thee  understand  thine  own 
simplicity,  for  I  will  give  it  no  other  name  at  this  present ; 
and,  in  good  earnest,  I  was  almost  persuaded  to  leave  thee 
in  thine  humour,  in  punishment  of  thine  inordinate  and 
unreasonable  desire,  but  that  the  love  which  I  bear  towards 
thee  doth  not  consent  I  use  to  thee  such  rigour,  or  leave 
thee  in  so  manifest  a  danger  of  thine  own  perdition.  And, 
that  thou  mayst  clearly  see  it,  tell  me,  Anselmo,  hast  not 
thou  said  unto  me,  that  I  must  solicit  one  that  stands  upon 
her  reputation ;  persuade  an  honest  woman ;  make  proffers 
to  one  that  is  not  passionate  or  engaged  ;  and  serve  a 
discreet  woman  ?  Yes,  thou  hast  said  all  this.  Well, 
then,  if  thou  knowest  already  that  thou  hast  a  retired, 
honest,  unpassionate,  and  prudent  wife,  what  seekest  thou 
more  ?  And,  if  thou  thinkest  that  she  will  rest  victorious, 
after  all  mine  assaults,  as  doubtless  she  will,  what  better 
titles  wouldst  thou  after  bestow  upon  her,  than  those  she 
possesseth  already  ?  Either  it  proceeds,  because  thou  dost 
not  think  of  her  as  thou  sayst,  or  else  because  thou 
knowest  not  what  thou  demandest.  If  thou  dost  not 
account  her  such  as  thou  praisest  her,  to  what  end  wouldst 
thou  prove  her  ?  But  rather,  as  an  evil  person,  use  her  as 
thou  likest  best.     But,  if  she  be  as  good  as  thou  believest. 


320  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

it  were  an  impertinent  thing  to  make  trial  of  truth  itself. 
For,  after  it  is  made,  yet  it  will  still  rest  only  with  the 
same  reputation  it  had  before.  Wherefore,  it  is  a  con- 
cluding reason,  that,  to  attempt  things,  whence  rather 
harm  may  after  result  unto  us  than  good,  is  the  part  of 
rash  and  discourseless  brains  ;  and  principally  when  they 
deal  with  those  things  whereunto  they  are  not  compelled 
or  driven,  and  that  they  see  even  afar  off,  how  the 
attempting  the  like  is  manifest  folly.  Difficult  things  are 
undertaken  for  God,  or  the  world,  or  both.  Those  that 
are  done  for  God  are  the  works  of  the  saints,  endeavouring 
to  lead  angels'  lives,  in  frail  and  mortal  bodies.  Those  of 
the  world  are  the  travels  and  toils  of  such  as  cross  such 
immense  seas,  travel  through  so  adverse  regions,  and  con- 
verse with  so  many  nations,  to  acquire  that  which  we  call 
the  goods  of  fortune.  And  the  things  acted  for  God  and 
the  world  together  are  the  worthy  exploits  of  resolute  and 
valorous  martial  men,  which  scarce  perceive  so  great  a 
breach  in  the  adversary  wall,  as  the  cannon  bullet  is  wont 
to  make ;  when,  leaving  all  fear  apart,  without  making  any 
discourse,  or  taking  notice  of  the  manifest  danger  that 
threatens  them,  borne  away,  by  the  wings  of  desire  and 
honour,  to  serve  God,  their  nation  and  prince,  do  throw 
themselves  boldly  into  the  throat  of  a  thousand  menacing 
deaths  which  expect  them. 

*" These  are  things  wont  to  be  practised;  and  it  is 
honour,  glory,  and  profit  to  attempt  them,  be  they  never 
so  full  of  inconveniences  and  danger  ;  but  that  which  thou 
sayst  thou  will  try  and  put  in  practice  shall  never  gain 
thee  God's  glory,  the  goods  of  fortune,  or  renown  among 
men  ;  for,  suppose  that  thou  bringest  it  to  pass  according 
to  thine  own  fantasy,  thou  shalt  remain  nothing  more  con- 
tented, rich,  or  honourable  than  thou  art  already ;  and,  if 
thou  dost  not,  then  shalt  thou  see  thyself  in  the  greatest 
misery  of  any  wretch  living ;  for  it  will  little  avail  thee 
then  to  think  that  no  man  knows  the  disgrace  befallen 
thee,  it  being  sufficient  both  to  afflict  and  dissolve  thee 
that  thou  knowest  it  thyself.  And,  for  greater  confirma- 
tion of  this  truth,  I  will  repeat  unto  thee  a  stanza  of  the 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  321 

famous  poet  Luigi  Tansillo,  in  the  end  of  his  first  part  of 
St.  Peter  s  'Tears,  which  is : 

"*The  grief  increaseth,  and  withal  the  shame 
In  Peter  when  the  day  itself  did  show : 
And  though  he  no  man  sees,  yet  doth  he  blame 
Himself  because  he  had  offended  so. 
For  breasts  magnanimous,  not  only  tame, 
When  that  of  others  they  are  seen,  they  know; 
But  of  themselves  ashamed  they  often  be, 
Though  none  but  Heaven  and  earth  their  error  see.' 

So  that  thou  canst  not  excuse  thy  grief  with  secrecy,  be  it 
never  so  great,  but  rather  shall  have  continual  occasion  to 
weep,  if  not  watery  tears  from  thine  eyes,  at  least  tears  of 
blood  from  thy  heart,  such  as  that  simple  doctor  wept,  of 
whom  our  poet  makes  mention,  who  made  trial  of  the 
vessel,  which  the  prudent  Reynaldos,  upon  maturer  dis- 
course, refused  to  deal  withal.  And,  although  it  be  but  a 
poetical  fiction,  yet  doth  it  contain  many  hidden  morals, 
worthy  to  be  noted,  understood,  and  imitated ;  how  much 
more,  seeing  that  by  what  I  mean  to  say  now,  I  hope  thou 
shalt  begin  to  conceive  the  great  error  which  thou  wouldest 
wittingly  commit. 

'"Tell  me,  Anselmo,  if  Heaven  or  thy  fortunes  had 
made  thee  lord  and  lawful  possessor  of  a  most  precious 
diamond,  of  whose  goodness  and  quality  all  the  lapidaries 
that  had  viewed  the  same  would  rest  satisfied,  and  that  all 
of  them  would  jointly  and  uniformly  affirm  that  it  arrived 
in  quality,  goodness,  and  fineness  to  all  that  to  which  the 
nature  of  such  a  stone  might  extend  itself,  and  that  thou 
thyself  didst  believe  the  same  without  witting  anything  to 
the  contrary;  would  it  be  just  that  thou  shouldest  take  an 
humour  to  set  that  diamond  between  an  anvil  and  a  hammer, 
and  to  try  there  by  very  force  of  blows  whether  it  be 
so  hard  and  so  fine  as  they  say  ?  And  further  :  when  thou 
didst  put  thy  design  in  execution,  put  the  case  that  the 
stone  made  resistance  to  thy  foolish  trial,  yet  wouldest  thou 
add  thereby  no  new  valure  or  esteem  to  it.  And  if  it  did 
break,  as  it  might  befall,  were  not  then  all  lost.''  Yes, 
certainly,  and  that  leaving  the  owner,  in  all  men's  opinion, 

I.  X 


322  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

for  a  very  poor  ignorant  person.  Then,  friend  Anselmo, 
make  account  that  Camilla  is  a  most  precious  diamond  as 
well  in  thine  as  in  other  men's  estimation  ;  and  it  is  no 
reason  to  put  her  in  contingent  danger  of  breaking,  seeing 
that,  although  she  remain  in  her  integrity,  she  cannot 
mount  to  more  worth  than  she  hath  at  the  present ;  and  if 
she  faltered,  or  did  not  resist,  consider  even  at  this  present 
what  state  you  would  be  in  then,  and  how  justly  thou 
mightest  then  complain  of  thyself  for  being  cause  of  her 
perdition  and  thine  own.  See  how  there  is  no  jewel  in 
the  world  comparable  to  the  modest  and  chaste  woman, 
and  that  all  women's  honour  consists  in  the  good  opinion 
that's  had  of  them ;  and  seeing  that  of  thy  spouse  is  so 
great,  as  it  arrives  to  that  sum  of  perfection  which  thou 
knowest,  why  wouldest  thou  call  this  verity  in  question  ? 
Know,  friend,  that  a  woman  is  an  imperfect  creature,  and 
should  therefore  have  nothing  cast  in  her  way  to  make  her 
stumble  and  fall,  but  rather  to  clear  and  do  all  encumbrances 
away  out  of  it,  to  the  end  she  may  without  impeachment 
run  with  a  swift  course  to  obtain  the  perfection  she  wants, 
which  only  consists  in  being  virtuous. 

' "  The  naturalists  recount  that  the  ermine  is  a  little 
beast  that  hath  a  most  white  skin ;  and  that,  when  the 
hunters  would  chase  him,  they  use  this  art  to  take  him. 
As  soon  as  they  find  out  his  haunt,  and  places  where  he 
hath  recourse,  they  thwart  them  with  mire  and  dirt,  and 
after  when  they  descry  the  little  beast,  they  pursue  him 
towards  those  places  which  are  defiled ;  and  the  ermine, 
espying  the  mire,  stands  still,  and  permits  himself  to  be 
taken  and  captived  in  exchange  of  not  passing  through  the 
mire,  or  staining  of  his  whiteness,  which  it  esteems  more 
than  either  liberty  or  life.  The  honest  and  chaste  woman 
is  an  ermine,  and  the  virtue  of  chastity  is  whiter  and  purer 
than  snow ;  and  he  that  would  not  lose  it,  but  rather 
desires  to  keep  and  preserve  it,  must  proceed  with  a 
different  style  from  that  of  the  ermine.  For  they  must 
not  propose  and  lay  before  her  the  mire  of  the  passions, 
flatteries,  and  services  of  importunate  lovers ;  for  perhaps 
she  shall  not   have  the  natural  impulse  and  force,  which 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  323 

commonly  through  proper  debility  is  wont  to  stumble,  to 
pass  over  those  encumbrances  safely ;  and  therefore  it  is 
requisite  to  free  the  passage  and  take  them  away,  and  lay 
before  her  the  clearness  of  virtue  and  the  beauty  comprised 
in  good  fame.  The  good  woman  is  also  like  unto  a  bright 
and  clear  mirror  of  crystal,  and  therefore  is  subject  to  be 
stained  and  dimmed  by  every  breath  that  toucheth  it.  The 
honest  woman  is  to  be  used  as  relics  of  saints,  to  wit, 
she  must  be  honoured  but  not  touched.  The  good  woman 
is  to  be  kept  and  prized  like  a  fair  garden  full  of  sweet 
flowers  and  roses,  that  is  held  in  estimation,  whose  owner 
permits  no  man  to  enter  and  trample  or  touch  his  flowers, 
but  holds  it  to  be  sufficient  that  they,  standing  afar  ofi^, 
without  the  rails,  may  joy  at  the  delightful  sight  and 
fragrance  thereof.  Finally  I  will  repeat  certain  verses  unto 
thee  that  have  now  come  to  my  memory,  the  which  were 
repeated  of  late  in  a  new  play,  and  seem  to  me  very  fit  for 
the  purpose  of  which  we  treat.  A  prudent  old  man  did 
give  a  neighbour  of  his  that  had  a  daughter  counsel  to 
keep  and  shut  her  up ;  and  among  many  other  reasons  he 
used  these : 

"  '  Truly  woman  is  of  glass ; 

Therefore  no  man  ought  to  try 

If  she  broke  or  not  might  be, 
Seeing  all  might  come  to  pass. 
Yet  to  break  her  'tis  more  easy  ; 

And  it  is  no  wit  to  venture 

A  thing  of  so  brittle  temper, 
That  to  solder  is  so  queasy. 
And  I  would  have  all  men  dwell 

In  this  truth  and  reason's  ground, 

That  if  Danaes  may  be  found, 
Golden  showers  are  found  as  well.' 

' "  All  that  which  I  have  said  to  thee,  Anselmo,  until 
this  instant,  hath  been  for  that  which  may  touch  thyself; 
and  it  is  now  high  time  that  somewhat  be  heard  concern- 
ing me.  And  if  by  chance  I  shall  be  somewhat  prolix,  I 
pray  thee  to  pardon  me  ;  for  the  labyrinth  wherein  thou 
hast  entered,  and  out  of  which  thou  wouldest  have  me  to 
free  thee,  requires  no  less.     Thou  boldest  me  to  be  thy 


324  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

friend,  and  yet  goest  about  to  despoil  me  of  mine  honour, 
being  a  thing  contrary  to  all  amity  ;  and  dost  not  only 
pretend  this,  but  dost  likewise  endeavour  that  I  should  rob 
thee  of  the  same.  That  thou  wouldest  deprive  me  of 
mine  is  evident ;  for  when  Camilla  shall  perceive  that  I 
solicit  her  as  thou  demandest,  it  is  certain  that  she  will 
esteem  of  me  as  of  one  quite  devoid  of  wit  and  discretion, 
seeing  I  intend  and  do  a  thing  so  repugnant  to  that  which 
the  being  that  him  I  am,  and  thine  amity  do  bind  me  unto. 
That  thou  wouldest  have  me  rob  thee  thereof  is  as  mani- 
fest ;  for  Camilla,  seeing  me  thus  to  court  her,  must 
imagine  that  I  have  noted  some  lightness  in  her  which  lent 
me  boldness  thus  to  discover  unto  her  my  depraved  desires, 
and  she  holding  herself  to  be  thereby  injured  and  dis- 
honoured, her  disgrace  must  also  concern  thee  as  a 
principal  part  of  her.  And  hence  springs  that  which  is 
commonly  said.  That  the  husband  of  the  adulterous  wife, 
although  he  know  nothing  of  her  lewdness,  nor  hath  given 
any  occasion  to  her  to  do  what  she  ought  not,  nor  was  able 
any  way  to  hinder  by  diligence,  care,  or  other  means,  his 
disgrace,  yet  is  entitled  with  a  vituperious  name,  and  is  in  a 
manner  beheld  by  those  that  know  his  wife's  malice  with 
the  eyes  of  contempt ;  whereas  they  should  indeed  regard 
him  rather  with  those  of  compassion,  seeing  that  he  falls 
into  that  misfortune  not  so  much  through  his  own  default, 
as  through  the  light  fantasy  of  his  wicked  consort.  But  I 
will  show  thee  the  reason  why  a  bad  woman's  husband 
is  justly  dishonoured  and  contemned,  although  he  be 
ignorant  and  guiltless  thereof,  and  cannot  prevent,  nor 
hath  given  to  it  any  occasion.  And  be  not  grieved  to 
hear  me,  seeing  the  benefit  of  the  discourse  shall  redound 
unto  thyself. 

*  "  When  God  created  our  first  parent  in  the  terrestrial 
paradise,  the  Holy  Scripture  saith,  'That  God  infused  sleep 
into  Adam,  and  that,  being  asleep,  He  took  out  a  rib  out  of 
his  left  side,  of  which  He  formed  our  mother  Eve  ;  and  as 
soon  as  Adam  awaked  and  beheld  her,  he  said,  *  This  is 
flesh  of  my  flesh,  and  bone  of  my  bones.'  And  God  said, 
*  For  this  cause  shall  a  man  leave  his  father  and  his  mother, 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  325 

and  they  shall  be  two  in  one  flesh.*     And  then  was  the 
divine  ordinance  of  matrimony  first  instituted,  with  such 
indissoluble  knots  as  only  may  be  by  death  dissolved.    And 
this  marvellous  ordinance  is  of  such  efficacy  and  force,  as 
it  makes  two  different  persons  to  be  one  very  flesh  ;    and 
yet  operates  further  in  good  married  folk  ;  for,  although 
they  have  two  souls,  yet  it  makes  them  to  have  but  one 
will.     And  hence  it  proceeds,  that  by  reason  the  wife's 
flesh  is  one  and  the  very  same  with  her  husband's,  the 
blemishes  or  defects  that  taint  it  do  also  redound  into  the 
husband's,  although  he,  as  we  have  said,  have  ministered 
no  occasion  to  receive  that  damage.     For  as  all  the  whole 
body  feels  any  pain  of  the  foot,  head,  or  any  other  member, 
because  it  is  all  one  flesh,  and  the  head  smarts  at  the  grief 
of  the  ankle,  although  it  hath  not  caused  it ;    so  is  the 
husband  participant  of  his  wife's  dishonour,  because  he  is 
one  and  the  selfsame  with  her.     And  by  reason  that  all  the 
honours  and  dishonours  of  the  world  are,  and  spring  from 
flesh  and  blood,  and  those  of  the  bad  woman  be  of  this 
kind,  it  is  forcible,  that  part  of  them  fall  to  the  husband's 
share,  and  that  he  be  accounted  dishonourable,  although 
he  wholly  be  ignorant  of  it.     See  then,  Anselmo,  to  what 
peril  thou  dost  thrust  thyself  by  seeking  to  disturb  the 
quietness  and  repose  wherein  thy  wife  lives,  and  for  how 
vain  and  impertinent  curiosity  thou  wouldest  stir  up  the 
humours    which    are    now    quiet    in    thy  chaste  spouse's 
breast.     Note  how  the  things  thou  dost  adventure  to  gain 
are  of  small  moment ;  but  that  which  thou  shalt  lose  so 
great,  that  I  must  leave  it  in  his  point,  having  no  words 
sufficiently  able  to  endear  it.     But  if  all  that  I  have  said 
be   not  able  to  move  thee  from   thy  bad  purpose,  thou 
mayst  well  seek   out   for   some  other  instrument  of  thy 
dishonour    and    mishaps  ;    for    I    mean    not    to    be    one, 
although  I  should  therefore  lose  thine  amity,  which  is  the 
greatest  loss  that  might  any  way  befall  me." 

'  Here  the  prudent  Lothario  held  his  peace,  and  Anselmo 
remained  so  confounded  and  melancholy,  as  he  could  not 
answer  a  word  to  him  for  a  very  great  while.  But  in  the 
end  he  said,  ^'I  have  listened,  friend  Lothario,  to  all  that 


326  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

which  thou  hast  said  unto  me,  with  the  attention  which 
thou  hast  noted,  and  have  perceived  in  thy  reasons, 
examples,  and  similitudes  the  great  discretion  wherewithal 
thou  art  endowed,  and  the  perfection  of  amity  that  thou 
hast  attained ;  and  do  also  confess  and  see,  that,  if  I  follow 
not  thine  advice,  but  should  lean  unto  mine  own,  I  do  but 
shun  the  good,  and  pursue  the  evil.  Yet  oughtest  thou 
likewise  to  consider,  how  herein  I  suffer  the  disease  which 
some  women  are  wont  to  have,  that  long  to  eat  earth,  lime, 
coals,  and  other  far  worse  and  loathsome  things  even  to 
the  very  sight,  and  much  more  to  the  taste  ;  so  that  it  is 
behooveful  to  use  some  art  by  which  I  may  be  cured ;  and 
this  might  be  easily  done  by  beginning  only  to  solicit 
Camilla,  although  you  did  it  but  weak  and  feignedly ;  for 
I  know  she  will  not  be  so  soft  and  pliable  as  to  dash  her 
honesty  about  the  ground  at  the  first  encounters,  and  I 
will  rest  satisfied  with  this  commencement  alone  ;  and  thou 
shalt  herein  accomplish  the  obligation  thou  owest  to  our 
friendship,  by  not  only  restoring  me  to  life,  but  also  by 
persuading  me  not  to  despoil  myself  of  mine  honour. 
And  thou  art  bound  to  do  this,  for  one  reason  that  I  shall 
allege,  to  wit,  that  I  being  resolved,  as  indeed  I  am,  to 
make  this  experience,  thou  oughtest  not  to  permit,  being 
my  friend,  that  I  should  bewray  my  defect  herein  to  a 
stranger,  whereby  I  might  very  much  endanger  my  reputa- 
tion, which  thou  labourest  so  much  to  preserve  ;  and 
though  thy  credit  may  lose  some  degrees  in  Camilla's 
opinion  whilst  thou  dost  solicit  her,  it  matters  not  very 
much,  or  rather  nothing ;  for  very  shortly,  when  we  shall 
espy  in  her  the  integrity  that  we  expect,  thou  mayst  open 
unto  her  sincerely  the  drift  of  our  practice,  by  which  thou 
shalt  again  recover  thine  impaired  reputation.  Therefore 
seeing  the  adventure  is  little,  and  the  pleasure  thou  shalt 
do  me  by  the  enterprising  thereof  so,  too  great,  I  pray 
thee  do  it,  though  ever  so  many  encumbrances  represent 
themselves  to  thee,  for,  as  I  have  promised,  with  only  thy 
beginning,  I  will  rest  satisfied  and  account  the  cause 
concluded." 

*  Lothario  perceiving  the  firm  resolution   of  Anselmo, 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  327 

and  nothing  else  occurring  forcibly  disuasive,  not  knowing 
what  other  reasons  to  use  that  might  hinder  this  his  pre- 
cipitate resolution,  and  noting  withal  how  he  threatened  to 
break  the  matter  of  this  his  indiscreet  desires  to  a  stranger, 
he  determined,  to  avoid  greater  inconveniences,  to  give 
him  satisfaction,  and  perform  his  demand,  with  purpose 
and  resolution  to  guide  the  matter  so  discreetly,  as,  without 
troubling  Camilla's  thoughts,  Anselmo  should  rest  con- 
tented ;  and  therefore  entreated  him  not  to  open  his  mind 
to  any  other,  for  he  himself  would  undertake  that  enter- 
prise, and  begin  it  whensoever  he  pleased.  Anselmo 
embraced  him  very  tender  and  lovingly,  and  gratified  him 
as  much  for  that  promise  as  if  he  had  done  him  some  very 
great  favour,  and  there  they  accorded  between  them  that 
he  should  begin  the  work  the  very  next  day  ensuing  ;  for 
he  would  give  him  place  and  leisure  to  speak  alone  with 
Camilla,  and  would  likewise  provide  him  of  money,  jewels, 
and  other  things  to  present  unto  her.  He  did  also 
admonish  him  to  bring  music  under  her  windows  by 
night,  and  write  verses  in  her  praise,  and  if  he  would  not 
take  the  pains  to  make  them,  he  himself  would  compose 
them  for  him.  Lothario  promised  to  perform  all  himself, 
yet  with  an  intention  far  wide  from  Anselmo's ;  and  with 
this  agreement  they  returned  to  Anselmo's  house,  where 
they  found  Camilla  somewhat  sad  and  careful,  expecting 
her  husband's  return,  who  had  stayed  longer  abroad  that 
day  than  his  custom.  Lothario,  leaving  him  at  his  house, 
returned  to  his  own,  as  pensive  as  he  had  left  Anselmo 
contented,  and  knew  not  what  plot  to  lay,  to  issue  out  of 
that  impertinent  affair  with  prosperous  success.  But  that 
night  he  bethought  himself  of  a  manner  how  to  deceive 
Anselmo  without  offending  Camilla ;  and  so  the  next  day 
ensuing  he  came  to  his  friend's  house  to  dinner,  where 
Camilla,  knowing  the  great  good-will  her  husband  bore 
towards  him,  did  receive  and  entertain  him  very  kindly 
with  the  like.  Dinner  being  ended,  and  the  table  taken 
up,  Anselmo  requested  Lothario  to  keep  Camilla  company 
until  his  return,  for  he  must  needs  go  about  an  affair  that 
concerned  him  greatly,  but  would  return  again  within  an 


328  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

hour  and  a-half.  Camilla  entreated  her  husband  to  stay, 
and  Lothario  proffered  to  go  and  keep  him  company ;  but 
nothing  could  prevail  with  Anselmo,  but  rather  he  impor- 
tuned his  friend  Lothario  to  remain  and  abide  there  till  his 
return,  because  he  must  go  to  treat  of  a  matter  of  much 
consequence.  He  also  commanded  Camilla  not  to  leave 
Lothario  alone  until  he  came  back.  And  so  he  departed, 
leaving  Camilla  and  Lothario  together  at  the  table,  by 
reason  that  all  the  attendants  and  servants  were  gone 
to  dinner. 

'  Here  Lothario  saw  that  he  was  entered  into  the  lists 
which  his  friend  so  much  desired,  with  his  adversary  before 
him,  who  was  with  her  beauty  able  to  overcome  a  whole 
squadron  of  armed  knights ;  see  then  if  Lothario  had  not 
reason  to  fear  himself;  but  that  which  he  did  at  the  first 
onset  was  to  lay  his  elbow  on  the  arm  of  his  chair  and  his 
hand  on  his  cheek,  and,  desiring  Camilla  to  bear  with  his 
respectlessness  therein,  he  said  he  would  repose  a  little 
whilst  he  attended  Anselmo's  coming.  Camilla  answered 
that  she  thought  he  might  take  his  ease  better  on  the 
cushions  of  state ;  and  therefore  prayed  him  he  would 
enter  into  the  parlour  and  lie  on  them.  But  he  excused 
himself,  and  so  remained  asleep  in  the  same  place  until 
Anselmo's  return,  who,  coming  in,  and  finding  his  wife  in 
her  chamber  and  Lothario  asleep,  made  full  account  that, 
by  reason  of  his  long  stay,  they  had  time  enough  both  to 
talk  and  repose ;  and  therefore  expected  very  greedily  the 
hour  wherein  his  friend  should  awake,  to  go  out  with  him 
and  learn  what  success  he  had.  All  succeeded  as  he  wished; 
for  Lothario  arose,  and  both  of  them  went  abroad ;  and 
then  he  demanded  of  him  what  he  desired.  And  Lothario 
answered  that  it  seemed  not  to  him  so  good  to  discover  all 
his  meaning  at  the  first ;  and  therefore  had  done  no  other 
thing  at  that  time  than  speak  a  little  of  her  beauty  and 
discretion ;  for  it  seemed  to  him  that  this  was  the  best 
preamble  he  could  use  to  gain  by  little  and  little  some 
interest  and  possession  in  her  acceptance,  to  dispose  her 
thereby  the  better  to  give  ear  again  to  his  words  more 
willingly,  imitating  therein  the  devil's  craft  when  he  means 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  329 

to  deceive  any  one  that  is  vigilant  and  careful ;  for  then 
he  translates  himself  into  an  angel  of  light,  being  one  of 
darkness,  and  laying  before  him  apparent  good,  discovers 
what  he  is  in  the  end,  and  brings  his  intention  to  pass, 
if  his  guiles  be  not  at  the  beginning  detected.  All  this 
did  greatly  like  Anselmo,  who  said  that  he  would  afford 
him  every  day  as  much  leisure,  although  he  did  not  go 
abroad;  for  he  would  spend  the  time  so  at  home  as 
Camilla  should  never  be  able  to  suspect  his  drift. 

'  It  therefore  befel  that  many  days  passed  which  Lothario 
did  willingly  overslip,  and  said  nothing  to  Camilla ;  yet  did 
he  ever  soothe  Anselmo,  and  told  him  that  he  had  spoken 
to  her,  but  could  never  win  her  to  give  the  least  argument 
of  flexibiHty,  or  make  way  for  the  feeblest  hope  that  might 
be ;  but  rather  affirmed  that  she  threatened  him  that,  if  he 
did  not  repel  his  impertinent  desires,  she  would  detect  his 
indirect  proceedings  to  her  husband.  "  It  is  well,"  quoth 
Anselmo.  "Hitherto  Camilla  hath  resisted  words;  it  is 
therefore  requisite  to  try  what  resistance  she  will  make 
against  works.  I  will  give  thee  to-morrow  four  thousand 
crowns  in  gold,  to  the  end  thou  mayst  offer,  and  also 
bestow  them  on  her ;  and  thou  shalt  have  as  many  more 
to  buy  jewels  wherewithal  to  bait  her ;  for  women  are 
naturally  inclined,  and  specially  if  they  be  fair  (be  they  ever 
so  chaste),  to  go  brave  and  gorgeously  attired ;  and  if  she 
can  overcome  this  temptation,  I  will  remain  pleased,  and 
put  thee  to  no  more  trouble."  Lothario  answered,  that, 
seeing  he  had  begun,  he  would  bear  his  enterprise  on  to 
an  end,  although  he  made  full  account  that  he  should 
depart  from  the  conflict  both  tired  and  vanquished.  He 
received  the  four  thousand  crowns  the  next  day,  and  at 
once  with  them  four  thousand  perplexities,  for  he  knew 
not  what  to  invent  to  lie  anew ;  but  concluded  finally  to 
tell  his  friend  how  Camilla  was  as  inflexible  at  gifts  and 
promises  as  at  words ;  and  therefore  it  would  be  in  vain 
to  travail  any  more  in  her  pursuit,  seeing  he  should  do 
nothing  else  but  spend  the  time  in  vain. 

'  But  fortune,  which  guided  these  affairs  in  another 
manner,  so  disposed,  that  Anselmo,  having  left  Lothario 


330  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  Camilla  alone,  as  he  was  wont,  entered  secretly  into  a 
chamber,  and  through  the  crannies  and  chinks  did  listen 
and  see  what  they  would  do;  where  he  perceived  that 
Lothario,  in  the  space  of  half-an-hour,  spoke  not  a  word 
to  Camilla,  nor  yet  would  he  have  spoken,  though  he 
had  remained  there  a  whole  age,  and  thereupon  surmised 
straight  that  all  that  which  his  friend  had  told  him  of 
Camilla's  answers  and  his  own  speech  were  but  fictions  and 
untruths;  and  that  he  might  the  more  confirm  himself, 
and  see  whether  it  were  so,  he  came  forth,  and,  calling 
Lothario  apart,  he  demanded  of  him  what  Camilla  had  said, 
and  in  what  humour  she  was  at  the  present  ?  Lothario 
answered,  that  he  meant  not  ever  any  more  to  sound  her 
in  that  matter;  for  she  replied  unto  him  so  untowardly 
and  sharply,  as  he  durst  not  attempt  any  more  to  speak 
unto  her  of  such  things. 

*  "Oh,"  quoth  Anselmo,  "  Lothario,  Lothario  !  how  evil 
dost  thou  answer  to  the  affection  thou  owest  me,  or  to  the 
confidence  I  did  repose  in  thee  ?  I  have  stood  beholding 
thee  all  this  while  through  the  hole  of  that  lock,  and  saw 
how  thou  never  spokest  one  word  to  her.  Whereby  I  do 
also  collect,  that  thou  hast  not  yet  once  accosted  her ; 
and  if  it  be  so,  as  doubtlessly  it  is,  say,  why  dost  thou 
deceive  me  ?  or  why  goest  thou  about  fraudulently  to 
deprive  me  of  those  means  whereby  I  may  obtain  my 
desires  ? ''  Anselmo  said  no  more,  yet  what  he  said  was 
sufficient  to  make  Lothario  confused  and  ashamed,  who, 
taking  it  to  be  a  blemish  to  his  reputation  to  be  found  in 
a  lie,  swore  to  Anselmo  that  he  would  from  thenceforward 
so  endeavour  to  please  his  mind,  and  tell  him  no  more 
leasings,  as  he  himself  might  perceive  the  success  thereof, 
if  he  did  again  curiously  lie  in  watch  for  him  ;  a  thing 
which  he  might  well  excuse,  because  his  most  serious 
labour  to  satisfy  his  desire  should  remove  all  shadow  of 
suspicion.  Anselmo  believed  him,  and  that  he  might  give 
him  the  greater  commodity,  and  less  occasion  of  fear,  he 
resolved  to  absent  himself  from  his  house  some  eight  days, 
and  go  to  visit  a  friend  of  his  that  dwelt  in  a  village  not 
far  from  the  city ;  and  therefore  dealt  with  his  friend,  that 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  331 

he  should  send  a  messenger  to  call  for  him  very  earnestly, 
that,  under  that  pretext,  he  might  find  an  excuse  to 
Camilla  for  his  departure. 

*  O  unfortunate  and  inconsiderate  Anselmo !  what  is 
that  which  thou  dost  ?  what  dost  thou  contrive  ?  or  what 
is  that  thou  goest  about  ?  Behold,  thou  workest  thine 
own  ruin,  laying  plots  of  thine  own  dishonour,  and  giving 
order  to  thy  proper  perdition.  Thy  wife  Camilla  is  good; 
thou  dost  possess  her  in  quiet  and  peaceable  manner  ;  no 
man  surpriseth  thy  delights,  her  thoughts  transgress  not 
the  limits  of  her  house.  Thou  art  her  heaven  on  earth, 
and  the  goal  to  which  her  desires  aspire.  Thou  art  the 
accomplishment  and  sum  of  her  delectation.  Thou  art 
the  square  by  which  she  measureth  and  directeth  her  will, 
adjusting  wholly  with  thine  and  with  that  of  Heaven. 
Since  then  the  mines  of  her  honour,  beauty,  modesty,  and 
recollection  bountifully  afford  thee,  without  any  toil,  all 
the  treasures  contained  in  them,  or  thou  canst  desire,  why 
wouldst  thou  dig  the  earth  and  seek  out  new  veins  and 
ne'er -seen  treasures,  exposing  thyself  to  the  danger  that 
thy  labours  may  turn  to  wreck,  seeing,  in  fine,  that  they 
are  only  sustained  by  the  weak  supporters  of  her  frail 
nature  ?  Remember  how  he  that  seeks  the  impossible 
may  justly  be  refused  of  that  which  is  possible,  according 
to  that  which  the  poet  saith  : 

"*In  death  for  life  I  seek, 
Health  in  infirmity; 
For  issue  in  a  dungeon  deep, 
In  jails  for  liberty, 
And  in  a  treachour  loyalty. 

***But  envious  fate,  which  still 
Conspires  to  work  mine  ill, 
With  heaven  hath  thus  decreed, 
That  easy  things  should  be  to  me  denied 
'Cause  I  crave  the  impossible.'" 

'  Anselmo  departed  the  next  day  following  to  the  village, 
telling  Camilla,  at  his  departure,  that,  whilst  he  was  absent, 
his  friend  Lothario  would  come  and  see  to  the  affairs  of 
his  house,  and  to  eat  with  her,  and  desired  her  therefore 


332  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  make  as  much  of  him  as  she  would  do  of  his  own 
person.  Camilla,  like  a  discreet  and  modest  woman,  was 
grieved  at  the  order  her  husband  did  give  to  her,  and  re- 
quested him  to  render  how  indecent  it  was  that  any  one 
should  possess  the  chair  of  his  table,  he  being  absent,  and 
if  he  did  it  as  doubting  her  sufficiency  to  manage  his 
household  affairs,  that  at  least  he  should  make  trial  of  her 
that  one  time,  and  should  clearly  perceive  how  she  was 
able  to  discharge  matters  of  far  greater  consequence. 
Anselmo  replied,  that  what  he  commanded  was  his 
pleasure,  and  therefore  she  had  nothing  else  to  do  but 
hold  down  the  head  and  obey  it.  Camilla  answered,  that 
she  would  do  so,  although  it  was  very  much  against  her 
will.  In  fine,  her  husband  departed,  and  Lothario  came 
the  next  day  following  to  the  house,  where  he  was  enter- 
tained by  Camilla  very  friendly,  but  would  never  treat 
with  Lothario  alone,  but  evermore  was  compassed  by  her 
servants  and  waiting  maidens,  but  chiefly  by  one  called 
Leonela,  whom  she  loved  dearly,  as  one  that  had  been 
brought  up  with  her  in  her  father's  house,  even  from  their 
infancy,  and  when  she  did  marry  Anselmo  she  brought 
her  from  thence  in  her  company. 

'  The  first  three  days  Lothario  spoke  not  a  word, 
although  he  might,  when  the  tables  were  taken  up,  and 
that  the  folk  of  the  house  went  hastily  to  dinner,  for  so 
Camilla  had  commanded,  and  did  give  Leonela  order 
besides  to  dine  before  herself,  and  that  she  should  still 
keep  by  her  side ;  but  the  girl,  who  had  her  fancy  other- 
wise employed  in  things  more  pleasing  her  humour,  and 
needed  those  hours  and  times  for  the  accomplishing  of 
them,  did  not  always  accomplish  so  punctually  her  lady's 
command,  but  now  and  then  would  leave  her  alone,  as  if 
that  were  her  lady's  behest.  But  the  honest  presence  of 
Camilla,  the  gravity  of  her  face,  and  the  modesty  of  her 
carriage,  was  such,  that  it  served  as  a  bridle  to  restrain 
Lothario's  tongue.  But  the  benefit  of  Camilla's  many 
virtues,  setting  silence  to  Lothario's  speech,  resulted  after- 
ward to  both  their  harms ;  for  though  the  tongue  spoke 
not,    yet    did    his    thoughts    discourse,    and    had   leisure 


Chap.  VI        THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  333 

afForded  them  to  contemplate,  part  by  part,  all  the  ex- 
tremes of  worth  and  beauty  that  were  cumulated  in 
Camilla,  potent  to  inflame  a  statue  of  frozen  marble,  how 
much  more  a  heart  of  flesh !  Lothario  did  only  behold 
her  in  the  time  and  space  he  should  speak  unto  her,  and 
did  then  consider  how  worthy  she  was  to  be  loved.  And 
this  consideration  did  by  little  and  little  give  assaults  to 
the  respects  which  he  ought  to  have  borne  towards  his 
friend  Anselmo ;  a  thousand  times  did  he  determine  to 
absent  himself  from  the  city,  and  go  where  Anselmo 
should  never  see  him,  nor  he  Camilla ;  but  the  delight  he 
took  in  beholding  her  did  again  withhold  and  hinder  his 
resolutions.  When  he  was  alone,  he  would  condemn 
himself  of  his  mad  design,  and  term  himself  a  bad  friend 
and  worse  Christian ;  he  made  discourses  and  comparisons 
between  himself  and  Anselmo,  all  which  did  finish  in  this 
point,  that  Anselmo's  foolhardiness  and  madness  were 
greater  than  his  own  infidelity,  and  that,  if  he  might  be  as 
easily  excused  before  God,  for  that  he  meant  to  do,  as  he 
would  be  before  men,  he  needed  not  to  fear  any  punish- 
ment should  be  inflicted  on  him  for  the  crime.  Finally, 
Camilla's  beauty  and  worth,  assisted  by  the  occasion  which 
the  ignorant  husband  had  thrust  into  his  fists,  did  wholly 
ruin  and  overthrow  Lothario  his  loyalty;  and  therefore, 
without  regarding  any  other  thing  than  that  to  which  his 
pleasure  conducted  him,  about  three  days  after  Anselmo's 
departure  (which  time  he  had  spent  in  a  continual  battle 
and  resistance  of  his  contending  thoughts),  he  began  to 
solicit  Camilla  with  such  trouble  of  the  spirits  and  so 
amorous  words,  as  she  was  strucken  almost  beside  herself 
with  wonder,  and  made  him  no  other  answer,  but,  arising 
from  the  table,  flung  away  in  a  fury  into  her  chamber. 
But  yet,  for  all  this  dryness,  Lothario  his  hope  (which  is 
wont  evermore  to  be  born  at  once  with  love)  was  nothing 
dismayed,  but  rather  accounted  the  more  of  Camilla,  who, 
perceiving  that  in  Lothario  which  she  never  durst  before 
to  imagine,  knew  not  what  she  might  do ;  but,  it  seeming 
unto  her  to  be  a  thing  neither  secure  nor  honest,  to  give 
him  occasion  or  leisure  to  speak  unto  him  again,  deter- 


334  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

mined  to  send  one  unto  her  husband  Anselmo  the  very 
same  night,  as  indeed  she  did,  with  a  letter  to  recall  him 
home  to  her  house.     The  subject  of  her  letter  was  this. 


CHAPTER  VII 

Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  History  of  the 
Curious-Impertinent 

*  "  Even  as  it  is  commonly  said,  that  an  army  seems  not 
well  without  a  general,  or  a  castle  without  a  constable,  so 
do  I  affirm,  that  it  is  much  more  indecent  to  see  a  young 
married  woman  without  her  husband,  when  he  is  not  justly 
detained  away  by  necessary  affairs.  I  find  myself  so  ill 
disposed  in  your  absence,  and  so  impatient  and  impotent 
to  endure  it  longer,  as,  if  you  do  not  speedily  return,  I 
shall  be  constrained  to  return  back  unto  my  father,  although 
I  should  leave  your  house  without  any  keeping  ;  for  the 
guard  you  appointed  for  me,  if  it  be  so  that  he  may 
deserve  that  title,  looks  more,  I  believe,  to  his  own 
pleasure,  than  to  that  which  concerns  you.  Therefore, 
seeing  you  have  wit  enough,  I  will  say  no  more  ;  nor 
ought  I  to  say  more  in  reason." 

'  Anselmo  received  the  letter,  and  by  it  understood  that 
Lothario  had  begun  the  enterprise,  and  that  Camilla  had 
answered  to  him  according  as  he  had  hoped.  And,  marvel- 
lous glad  at  the  news,  he  answered  his  wife  by  word  of  mouth, 
that  she  should  not  remove  in  any  wise  from  her  house ; 
for  he  would  return  with  all  speed.  Camilla  was  greatly 
admired  at  his  answer,  which  struck  her  into  a  greater 
perplexity  than  she  was  at  the  first,  being  afraid  to  stay  at 
home,  and  also  to  go  to  her  father.  For  by  staying  she 
endangers  her  honesty ;  by  going  she  would  transgress  her 
husband's  command.  At  last  she  resolved  to  do  that 
which  was  worst,  which  was  to  remain  at  home,  and  not  to 
shun  Lothario's  presence,  lest  she  should  give  her  servants 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  335 

occasion  of  suspicion.  And  now  she  was  grieved  to  have 
written  what  she  did  to  her  husband,  fearful  lest  he  should 
think  that  Lothario  had  noted  in  her  some  token  of  light- 
ness, which  might  have  moved  him  to  lose  the  respect 
which  otherwise  was  due  unto  her.  But,  confident  in 
her  innocency,  she  cast  her  hopes  in  God  and  her  good 
thoughts,  wherewithal  she  thought  to  resist  all  Lothario's 
words,  and  by  holding  her  silent  without  making  him 
any  answer,  without  giving  any  further  account  of  the 
matter  to  her  husband,  lest  thereby  she  might  plunge  him 
in  new  difficulties  and  contention  with  his  friend,  and  did 
therefore  bethink  her  how  she  might  excuse  Lothario  to 
Anselmo,  when  he  should  demand  the  occasion  that  moved 
her  to  write  unto  him  that  letter. 

*  With  these  more  honest  than  profitable  or  discreet 
resolutions,  she  gave  ear  the  second  day  to  Lothario,  who 
charged  her  with  such  resolution,  as  her  constancy  began 
to  stagger,  and  her  honesty  had  enough  to  do  recurring 
to  her  eyes  to  contain  them,  lest  they  should  give  any 
demonstration  of  the  amorous  compassion  which  Lothario's 
words  and  tears  had  stirred  in  her  breast.  Lothario  noted 
all  this,  and  it  inflamed  him  the  more.  Finally,  he  thought 
that  itvvas  requisite  [to]  the  time  and  leisure  which  Anselmo's 
absence  afforded  him,  to  lay  closer  siege  to  that  fortress  ; 
and  so  he  assaulted  her  presumptuously,  with  the  praises 
of  her  beauty,  for  there  is  nothing  which  with  such  facility 
doth  rend  and  raze  to  the  ground  the  proudly-crested 
turrets  of  women's  vanity,  than  the  same  vanity  being 
dilated  on  by  the  tongue  of  adulation  and  flattery.  To  be 
brief,  he  did  with  all  diligence  undermine  the  rock  of  her 
integrity  with  so  warlike  engines,  as  although  Camilla 
were  made  of  brass,  yet  would  she  be  overthrown,  for 
Lothario  wept,  entreated,  promised,  flattered,  persisted 
and  feigned  so  feelingly,  and  with  such  tokens  of  truth, 
as,  traversing  Camilla's  care  of  her  honour,  he  came  in  the 
end  to  triumph  over  that  which  was  least  suspected,  and 
he  most  desired  ;  for  she  rendered  herself — even  Camilla 
rendered  herself.  But  what  wonder  if  Lothario's  amity 
could    not    stand    on    foot  ?      A    clear    example,    plainly 


336  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

demonstrating  that  the  amorous  passion  is  only  vanquished 
by  shunning  it,  and  that  nobody  ought  to  adventure  to 
wrestle  with  so  strong  an  adversary  ;  for  heavenly  forces 
are  necessary  for  him  that  would  confront  the  violence  of 
that  passion,  although  human.  None  but  Leonela  knew 
the  weakness  of  her  lady,  for  from  her  the  two  bad  friends 
and  new  lovers  could  not  conceal  the  matter  ;  nor  yet 
would  Lothario  discover  to  Camilla  her  husband's  pre- 
tence, or  that  he  had  given  him  wittingly  the  opportunity 
whereby  he  arrived  to  that  pass,  because  she  should  not 
imagine  that  he  had  gotten  her  lightly,  and  by  chance, 
and  did  not  purposely  solicit  her. 

*A  few  days  after,  Anselmo  arrived  to  his  house,  and 
did  not  perceive  what  wanted  therein,  to  wit,  that  which 
it  had  lost,  and  he  most  esteemed.  From  thence  he  went 
to  see  his  friend  Lothario,  whom  he  found  at  home,  and, 
embracing  one  another,  he  demanded  of  him  the  news  of 
his  life  or  of  his  death.  ^'  The  news  which  I  can  give 
thee,  friend  Anselmo,"  quoth  Lothario,  "  are,  that  thou 
hast  a  wife  who  may  deservedly  be  the  example  and 
garland  of  all  good  women.  The  words  that  I  spoke 
unto  her  were  spent  on  the  air,  my  proffers  contemned, 
and  my  gifts  repulsed,  and  besides,  she  hath  mocked  me 
notably  for  certain  feigned  tears  that  I  did  shed.  In 
resolution,  even  as  Camilla  is  the  pattern  of  all  beauty,  so 
is  she  a  treasury  wherein  modesty  resides,  courtesy  and 
wariness  dwell,  and  all  the  other  virtues  that  may  beautify 
an  honourable  woman,  or  make  her  fortunate.  Therefore, 
friend,  take  back  thy  money,  for  here  it  is  ready,  and  I 
never  had  occasion  to  employ  it ;  for  Camilla's  integrity 
cannot  be  subdued  with  so  base  things  as  are  gifts  and 
promises.  And,  Anselmo,  content  thyself  now  with  the 
proofs  made  already,  without  attempting  to  make  any 
further  trial.  And  seeing  thou  hast  passed  over  the  sea 
of  difficulties  and  suspicions  with  a  dry  foot,  which  may 
and  are  wont  to  be  had  of  women,  do  not  eftsoons  enter 
into  the  profound  depths  of  new  inconveniences,  nor  take 
thou  any  other  pilot  to  make  experience  of  the  goodness 
and  strength  of  the  vessel  that  Heaven  hath  allotted  to 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  337 

thee,  to  pass  therein  through  the  seas  of  this  world  ;  but 
make  account  that  thou  art  harboured  in  a  safe  haven,  and 
there  hold  thyself  fast  with  the  anchor  of  good  consider- 
ation, and  so  rest  thee  until  death  come  to  demand  his 
debt,  from  the  payment  whereof  no  nobility  or  privilege 
whatsoever  can  exempt  us."  Anselmo  rested  singularly 
satisfied  at  Lothario's  discourse,  and  did  believe  it  as  firmly 
as  if  it  were  delivered  by  an  oracle  ;  but  did  entreat  him 
notwithstanding  to  prosecute  his  attempt,  although  it  were 
only  done  for  curiosity,  and  to  pass  away  the  time  ;  yet 
not  to  use  so  efficacious  means  as  he  hitherto  practised  ; 
and  that  he  only  desired  him  to  write  some  verses  in  her 
praise  under  the  name  of  Chloris,  for  he  would  make 
Camilla  believe  that  he  was  enamoured  on  a  certain  lady, 
to  whom  he  did  appropriate  that  name,  that  he  might 
celebrate  her  praises  with  the  respect  due  to  her  honour  ; 
and  that  if  he  would  not  take  the  pains  to  invent  them, 
that  he  himself  would  willingly  compose  them.  ''  That  is 
not  needful,"  quoth  Lothario,  "  for  the  Muses  are  not 
so  alienated  from  me,  but  that  they  visit  me  sometimes  in 
the  year.  Tell  you  unto  Camilla  what  you  have  divined 
of  my  loves,  and  as  for  the  verses,  I  will  make  them 
myself;  if  not  so  well  as  the  subject  deserves,  yet  at  the 
least  as  artificially  as  I  may  devise  them."  The  im- 
pertinent-curious man  and  his  treacherous  friend  having 
thus  agreed,  and  Anselmo  returned  to  his  house,  he 
demanded  of  Camilla  that  which  she  marvelled  he  had  not 
asked  before,  that  she  should  tell  unto  him  the  occasion 
why  she  sent  unto  him  the  letter  ?  Camilla  made  answer, 
because  it  seemed  unto  her  that  Lothario  beheld  her  some- 
what more  immodestly  than  when  he  was  at  home ;  but 
that  now  she  did  again  dissuade  herself,  and  believed  that 
it  was  but  a  light  surmise,  without  any  ground,  because 
that  she  perceived  Lothario  to  loathe  her  presence,  or 
[to]  be  by  any  means  alone  with  her.  Anselmo  told  her 
that  she  might  very  well  live  secure  for  him,  for  that  he 
knew  Lothario's  affections  were  bestowed  elsewhere,  and 
that  upon  one  of  the  noblest  damsels  of  the  city,  whose 
praises  he  solemnised  under  the  name  of  Chloris,  and  that 


338  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

although  he  were  not,  yet  was  there  no  cause  to  doubt  of 
Lothario's  virtue,  or  the  amity  that  was  between  them 
both.  Here,  if  Camilla  had  not  been  premonished  by 
Lothario  that  the  love  of  Chloris  was  but  feigned,  and 
that  he  himself  had  told  it  to  Anselmo  to  blind  him,  that 
he  might  with  less  difficulty  celebrate  her  own  praises 
under  the  name  of  Chloris,  she  had  without  doubt  fallen 
into  the  desperate  toils  of  jealousy ;  but  being  already 
advertised,  she  posted  over  that  assault  lightly.  The  day 
following,  they  three  sitting  together  at  dinner,  Anselmo 
requested  Lothario  to  repeat  some  one  of  the  verses  that 
he  had  made  to  his  beloved  Chloris;  for,  seeing  that 
Camilla  knew  her  not,  he  might  boldly  say  what  he 
pleased.  "Although  she  knew  her,"  quoth  Lothario, 
"  yet  would  I  not  therefore  suppress  any  part  of  her 
praises.  For  when  any  lover  praiseth  his  lady  for  her 
beauty,  and  doth  withal  tax  her  of  cruelty,  her  credit 
incurs  no  danger.  But  befall  what  it  list,  I  composed 
yesterday  a  sonnet  of  the  ingratitude  of  Chloris,  and  is 
this  ensuing  : 

"*A    SONNET 

"  *  Amidst  the  silence  of  the  darkest  night, 

When  sweetest  sleep  invadeth  mortal  eyes; 
I  poor  account,  to  Heaven  and  Chloris  bright, 

Give  of  the  richest  harms,  which  ever  rise. 

And  at  the  time  we  Phoebus  may  devise, 
Shine  through  the  roseal  gates  of  the  Orient  bright, 

With  deep  accents  and  sighs,  in  wonted  guise, 
I  do  my  plaints  renew,  with  main  and  might. 

And  when  the  sun,  down  from  his  starry  seat, 
Directest  rays  toward  the  earth  doth  send, 

My  sighs  I  double  and  my  sad  regreet : 
And  night  returns ;  but  of  my  woes  no  end. 

For  I  find  always,  in  my  mortal  strife, 

Heaven  without  ears,  and  Chloris  likewise  deaf.' " 

'  Camilla  liked  the  sonnet  very  well,  but  Anselmo  best 
of  all ;  for  he  praised  it,  and  said,  that  the  lady  must  be 
very  cruel  that  would  not  answer  such  perspicuous  truths 
with  reciprocal  affection.  But  then  Camilla  answered, 
"  Why,  then,  belike,  all  that  which  enamoured  poets  say 
is  true  ?''     '*  Inasmuch  as  poets,''  quoth  Lothario,  ''  they 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  339 

say  not  truth ;  but  as  they  are  enamoured,  they  remain  as 
short  as  they  are  true.''  "  That  is  questionless/'  quoth 
Anselmo,  all  to  underprop  and  give  Lothario  more  credit 
with  Camilla,  who  was  as  careless  of  the  cause  (her 
husband  said  so)  as  she  was  enamoured  of  Lothario ;  and 
therefore  with  the  delight  she  took  in  his  compositions, 
but  chiefly  knowing  that  his  desires  and  labours  were 
addressed  to  herself,  who  was  the  true  Chloris,  she  en- 
treated him  to  repeat  some  other  sonnet  or  ditty,  if  he 
remembered  any.  "  Yes,  that  I  do,"  quoth  Lothario  ; 
"  but  I  believe  that  it  is  not  so  good  as  the  first,  as  you 
may  well  judge  ;  for  it  is  this  : 

"*A   SONNET 

"  *  I  die,  and  if  I  cannot  be  believed, 

My  death's  most  certain,  as  it  is  most  sure 
To  see  me,  at  thy  feet,  of  life  deprived ; 

Rather  than  grieve,  this  thraldom  to  endure. 

Well  may  I  (in  oblivious  shades  obscure) 
Of  glory,  life,  and  favour  be  denied. 

And  yet  even  there,  shall  in  my  bosom  pure, 
The  shape  of  thy  fair  face,  engraved,  be  eyed. 

For  that's  a  relic,  which  I  do  reserve 
For  the  last  trances  my  contentions  threaten, 

Which  'midst  thy  rigour  doth  itself  preserve. 
O  woe's  the  wight,  that  is  by  tempests  beaten 

By  night,  in  unknown  seas,  in  danger  rife 

For  want  of  North,  or  haven,  to  lose  his  life.' " 

'  Anselmo  commended  also  this  second  sonnet  as  he  had 
done  the  first,  and  added  by  that  means  one  link  to 
another  in  the  chain  wherewith  he  entangled  himself,  and 
forged  his  own  dishonour  ;  seeing,  when  Lothario  dis- 
honoured him  most  of  all,  he  said  unto  him  then  that  he 
honoured  him  most.  And  herewithal  Camilla  made  all  the 
links,  that  verily  served  only  to  abase  her  down  to  the 
centre  of  contempt,  seem  to  mount  her  in  her  husband's 
opinion  up  to  the  height  of  virtue  and  good  fame. 

'  It  befel  soon  after,  that  Camilla,  finding  herself  alone 
with  her  maiden,  said  to  her,  "I  am  ashamed,  friend 
Leonela,  to  see  how  little  I  knew  to  value  myself,  seeing 
that  I  made  not  Lothario  spend  some  time  at  least  in  the 


340  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

purchasing  the  whole  possession  of  me,  which  I,  with  a 
prompt  will,  bestowed  upon  him  so  speedily.  I  fear  me 
that  he  will  impute  my  hastiness  to  lightness,  without  con- 
sidering the  force  he  used  towards  me,  which  wholly 
hindered  and  disabled  my  resistance."  *'  Let  not  that 
afflict  you,  madam,"  quoth  Leonela ;  "  for  it  is  no  sufficient 
cause  to  diminish  estimation,  that  that  be  given  quickly 
which  is  to  be  given,  if  that  in  effect  be  good  that  is  given, 
and  be  in  itself  worthy  of  estimation ;  for  it  is  an  old 
proverb,  '  that  he  that  gives  quickly,  gives  twice.'  "  ^'  It  is 
also  said  as  well,"  quoth  Camilla,  "  '  that  that  which  costeth 
little  is  less  esteemed.'  "  "  That  reason  hath  no  place  in 
you,"  quoth  Leonela,  "  forasmuch  as  love,  according  as 
some  have  said  of  it,  doth  sometimes  fly,  other  times  it 
goes  ;  it  runs  with  this  man,  and  goes  leisurely  with  the 
other  ;  it  makes  some  key-cold,  and  inflames  others  ;  some 
it  wounds,  and  some  it  kills ;  it  begins  the  career  of  his 
desires  in  an  instant,  and  in  the  very  same  it  concludes  it 
likewise.  It  is  wont  to  lay  siege  to  the  fortress  in  the 
morning,  and  at  night  it  makes  it  to  yield,  for  there's  no 
force  able  to  resist  it ;  which  being  so,  what  do  you 
wonder  ?  or  what  is  it  that  you  fear,  if  the  same  hath 
befallen  Lothario,  seeing  that  love  made  of  my  lord's 
absence  an  instrument  to  vanquish  us  ?  And  it  was 
forcible,  that  in  it  we  should  conclude  on  it  which  love 
had  before  determined,  without  giving  time  itself  any 
time  to  lead  Anselmo  that  he  might  return,  and  with  his 
presence  leave  the  work  imperfect.  For  love  hath  none  so 
officious  or  better  a  minister  to  execute  his  desires  than  is 
occasion.  It  serves  itself  of  occasion  in  all  his  act,  but  most 
of  all  at  the  beginning.  And  all  this  that  I  have  said  I 
know  rather  by  experience  than  hearsay,  as  I  will  some  day 
let  you  to  understand  ;  for,  madam,  I  am  likewise  made 
of  flesh  and  lusty  young  blood.  And  as  for  you,  Lady 
Camilla,  you  did  not  give  up  and  yield  yourself  presently, 
but  stayed  until  you  had  first  seen  in  Lothario's  eyes,  his 
sighs,  in  his  discourses,  in  his  promises,  and  gifts,  all  his 
soul,  in  which,  and  in  his  perfections,  you  might  read  how 
worthy  he  is  to  be  loved.     And  seeing  this  is  so,  let  not 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  341 

these  scruples  and  nice  thoughts  assault  or  further  disturb 
your  mind,  but  persuade  yourself  that  Lothario  esteems 
you  as  much  as  you  do  him,  and  lives  with  content  and 
satisfaction,  seeing  that  it  was  your  fortune  to  fall  into  the 
amorous  snare,  that  it  was  his  good  luck  to  catch  you  with 
his  valour  and  deserts  ;  who  not  only  hath  the  four  S's 
which  they  say  every  good  lover  ought  to  have,  but  also 
the  whole  ABC,  which  if  you  will  not  credit,  do  but  listen 
to  me  a  while,  and  I  will  repeat  it  to  you  by  rote.  He  is, 
as  it  seems,  and  as  far  as  I  can  judge.  Amiable,  Bountiful, 
Courteous,  Dutiful,  Enamoured,  Firm,  Gallant,  Honour- 
able, Illustrious,  Loyal,  Mild,  Noble,  Honest,  Prudent, 
Quiet,  Rich,  and  the  S's  which  they  say  ;  and  besides  True, 
Valorous.  The  X  doth  not  quader  well  with  him,  because 
it  sounds  harshly.  Y  he  is  Young,  and  the  Z  he  is 
Zealous  of  thine  honour."  Camilla  laughed  at  her 
maiden's  ABC,  and  accounted  her  to  be  more  practised 
in  love-matters  than  she  herself  had  confessed,  as  indeed 
she  was  ;  for  then  she  revealed  to  her  mistress  how  she 
and  a  certain  young  man,  well-born,  of  the  city,  did  treat 
of  love  one  with  another.  Hereat  her  mistress  was  not  a 
little  troubled  in  mind,  fearing  that  her  honour  might 
be  greatly  endangered  by  that  means  ;  she  demanded 
whether  her  affection  had  passed  further  than  words  ? 
And  the  maid  answered  very  shamelessly  and  freely  that 
they  did  ;  for  it  is  most  certain,  that  this  kind  of  recche- 
less  mistress  do  also  make  their  maidens  careless  and  impu- 
dent ;  who,  when  they  perceive  their  ladies  to  falter,  are 
commonly  wont  to  halt  likewise  themselves,  and  care  not 
that  the  world  do  know  it. 

*  Camilla,  seeing  that  error  past  remedy,  could  do  no 
more  but  entreat  Leonela  not  to  reveal  anything  of  their 
affairs  to  him  she  said  was  her  sweetheart,  and  that  she 
should  handle  her  matters  discreetly  and  secretly,  lest  they 
might  come  to  Anselmo  or  Lothario's  notice.  Leonela 
promised  to  perform  her  will,  but  did  accomplish  her 
promise  in  such  sort,  as  she  did  confirm  Camilla's  fears 
that  she  should  lose  her  credit  by  her  means.  For  the 
dishonest  and  bold  girl,  after  she  had  perceived  that  her 


342  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

mistress's  proceedings  were  not  such  as  they  were  wont, 
grew  so  hardy,  as  she  gave  entrance  and  brought  her  lover 
into  her  master's  house,  presuming  that,  although  her  lady 
knew  it,  yet  would  she  not  dare  to  discover  it.  For  this 
among  other  harms  follows  the  sins  of  mistresses,  that  it 
makes  them  slaves  to  their  own  servants,  and  doth  oblige 
them  to  them  to  conceal  their  dishonest  and  base  proceed- 
ings, as  it  fell  out  in  Camilla,  who,  although  she  espied 
Leonela,  not  once  only,  but  sundry  times  together,  with 
her  lover  in  a  certain  chamber  of  the  house,  she  not  only 
dared  not  to  rebuke  her  for  it,  but  rather  gave  her  oppor- 
tunity to  hide  him,  and  would  remove  all  occasion  out  of 
her  husband's  way,  whereby  he  might  suspect  any  such 
thing. 

*  But  all  could  not  hinder  Lothario  from  espying  him 
once,  as  he  departed  out  of  the  house  at  the  break  of  the 
day  ;  who,  not  knowing  him,  thought  at  the  first  it  was  a 
spirit,  but  when  he  saw  him  post  away,  and  cast  his  cloak 
over  his  face,  lest  he  should  be  known,  he,  abandoning  his 
simple  surmise,  fell  into  a  new  suspicion  which  had  over- 
thrown them  all,  were  it  not  that  Camilla  did  remedy  it. 
For  Lothario  thought  that  he  whom  he  had  seen  issue  out 
of  Anselmo's  house  at  so  unseasonable  an  hour,  had  not 
entered  into  it  for  Leonela's  sake,  nor  did  he  remember 
then  that  there  was  such  a  one  as  Leonela  in  the  world,  but 
only  thought  that,  as  Camilla  was  lightly  gotten  by  him, 
so  belike  she  was  won  by  some  other.  For  the  wicked- 
ness of  a  bad  woman  bringeth  usually  all  these  additions, 
that  she  loseth  her  reputation  even  with  him,  to  whom 
prayed  and  persuaded  she  yieldeth  herself ;  and  he  believeth 
that  she  will  as  easily,  or  with  more  facility,  consent  to  others, 
and  doth  infallibly  credit  the  least  suspicion  which  thereof 
may  be  offered. 

'  And  it  seems  that  Lothario  in  this  instant  was  wholly 
deprived  of  all  reasonable  discourse,  and  quite  despoiled 
of  his  understanding ;  for,  without  pondering  of  the 
matter,  impatient  and  kindled  by  the  jealous  rage  that 
inwardly  gnawed  his  bowels,  fretting  with  desire  to  be 
revenged  on   Camilla,  who  had  never  offended  him,  he 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  343 

came  to  Anselmo  before  he  was  up,  and  said  to  him, 
*'  Know,  Anselmo,  that  I  have  had  these  many  days  a 
civil  conflict  within  myself  whether  I  should  speak  or  no, 
and  I  have  used  as  much  violence  as  I  might  to  myself, 
not  to  discover  a  thing  unto  you,  which  now  it  is  neither 
just  nor  reasonable  I  should  conceal.  Know  that  Camilla's 
fortress  is  rendered,  and  subject  to  all  that  I  please  to 
command  ;  and  if  I  have  been  somewhat  slow  to  inform 
thee  this  of  truth,  it  was  because  I  would  first  see  whether 
it  proceeded  of  some  light  appetite  in  her,  or  whether  she 
did  it  to  try  me,  and  see  whether  that  love  was  still  con- 
stantly continued,  which  I  first  began  to  make  unto  her  by 
thy  order  and  licence.  I  did  also  believe  that  if  she  had 
been  such  as  she  ought  to  be,  and  her  that  we  both 
esteemed  her,  she  would  have  by  this  time  acquainted  you 
with  my  importunacy  ;  but  seeing  that  she  lingers  therein, 
I  presume  that  her  promises  made  unto  me  are  true, 
that  when  you  did  again  absent  yourself  out  of  town,  she 
would  speak  with  me  in  the  wardrobe  "  (and  it  was  true, 
for  there  Camilla  was  accustomed  to  talk  with  him),  "  yet 
would  not  I  have  thee  run  rashly  to  take  revenge,  seeing  the 
sin  is  not  yet  otherwise  committed  than  in  thought,  and 
perhaps  between  this  and  the  opportunity  she  might  hope 
to  put  it  in  execution,  her  mind  would  be  changed,  and  she 
repent  herself  of  her  folly.  And  therefore  seeing  thou  hast 
ever  followed  mine  advice  partly  or  wholly,  follow  and  keep 
one  counsel  that  I  will  give  unto  thee  now,  to  the  end  that 
thou  mayst  after,  with  careful  assurance  and  without 
fraud,  satisfy  thine  own  will  as  thou  likest  best.  Feign 
thyself  to  be  absent  two  or  three  days  as  thou  art  wont, 
and  then  convey  thyself  cunningly  into  the  wardrobe,  where 
thou  mayst  very  well  hide  thyself  behind  the  tapestry,  and 
then  thou  shalt  see  with  thine  own  eyes,  and  I  with  mine, 
what  Camilla  will  do  ;  and  if  it  be  that  wickedness  which 
rather  ought  to  be  feared  than  hoped  for,  thou  mayst, 
with  wisdom,  silence,  and  discretion,  be  the  proper 
executioner  of  so  injurious  a  wrong.'' 

'  Anselmo  remained  amazed,  and  almost  besides  himself, 
hearing  his  friend  Lothario   so  unexpectedly  to  acquaint 


344  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

him  with  those  things  in  a  time  wherein  he  least  expected 
them ;    for  now    he   esteemed    Camilla   to   have  escaped 
victress  from  the  forged  assaults  of  Lothario,  and  did  him- 
self triumph  for  glory  of  her  victory.    Suspended  thus  and 
troubled,  he  stood  silent  a  great  while  looking  on  the  earth, 
without  once  removing  his  eyes  from  it ;  and  finally,  turning 
towards  his  friend,  he  said,  "  Lothario,  thou  hast  done  all 
that  which  I  could  expect  from  so  entire  amity,  and  I  do 
therefore  mean  to  follow  thine  advice  in  all  things  precisely. 
Do  therefore  what  thou   pleasest,   and   keep   that   secret 
which  is  requisite  in  so  weighty  and  unexpected  an  event." 
"  All  that  I  do  promise,"  quoth  Lothario  ;  and  so  departed, 
wholly  repented  for  that  he  had  told  to  Anselmo,  seeing 
how   foolishly  he   had    proceeded,   since   he   might   have 
revenged  himself  on  Camilla  very  well,  without  taking  a 
way  so  cruel  and  dishonourable.     There  did  he  curse  his 
little  wit,  and  abased  his  light  resolution,  and  knew  not 
what  means  to  use  to  destroy  what  he  had  done,  or  give  it 
some    reasonable    and    contrary   issue.      In    the    end    he 
resolved  to  acquaint  Camilla  with  the  whole  matter,  and 
by  reason  that  he  never  missed  of  opportunity  to  speak 
unto  her,  he  found  her  alone  the  very  same  day ;  and  she, 
seeing  likewise  that  she  had  fit  time  to  speak  unto  him, 
said,  ''  Know,  friend  Lothario,  that  a  certain  thing  doth 
pinch  my  heart  in  such  manner,  as  it  seems  ready  to  burst 
in  my  breast,  as  doubtlessly  I  fear  me  that  in  time  it  will, 
if  we  cannot  set  a  remedy  to  it.     For  such  is  the  immodesty 
of  Leonela,  as  she  shuts  up  a  lover  of  hers  every  night  in 
this  house,  and  remains  with  him  until  daylight,  which  so 
much  concerns  my  credit,  as  it  leaves  open  a  spacious  field 
to  him   that    sees   the  other  go  out  of  my  house  at  so 
unseasonable  times,  to  judge  of  me  what  he  pleaseth  ;  and 
that  which  most  grieves  me  is,  that  I  dare  not  punish  or 
rebuke  her  for  it.     For  she  being  privy  to  our  proceedings, 
sets  a  bridle  on  me,  and  constrains  me  to  conceal  hers  ; 
and  hence  I  fear  will  bad  success  befall  us."     Lothario  at 
the  first  suspected  that  Camilla  did  speak  thus  to  make 
him    believe    that    the    man    whom    he    had    espied    was 
Leonela's  friend,  and  none  of  hers  ;  but   seeing  her  to 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  345 

weep  indeed,  and  be  greatly  afflicted  in  mind,  he  began  at 
last  to  give  credit  unto  the  truth,  and,  believing  it,  was 
greatly  confounded  and  grieved  for  that  he  had  done. 
And  yet,  notwithstanding,  he  answered  Camilla  that  she 
should  not  trouble  or  vex  herself  any  more  ;  for  he  would 
take  such  order,  as  Leonela's  impudence  should  be  easily 
crossed  and  suppressed ;  and  then  did  recount  unto  her  all 
that  he  had  said  to  Anselmo,  spurred  on  by  the  furious 
rage  of  jealous  indignation,  and  how  her  husband  had 
agreed  to  hide  himself  behind  the  tapestry  of  the  wardrobe, 
that  he  might  from  thence  clearly  perceive  the  little  loyalty 
she  kept  towards  him  ;  and  demanded  pardon  of  her  for 
that  folly,  and  counsel  to  redress  it,  and  come  safely  out 
of  the  intricate  labyrinth  whereinto  his  weak-eyed  discourse 
had  conducted  him. 

'  Camilla,  having  heard  Lothario's  discourse,  was  afraid 
and  amazed,  and  with  great  anger  and  many  and  discreet 
reasons  did  rebuke  him,  reviling  the  baseness  of  his 
thoughts,  and  the  simple  and  little  consideration  that  he 
had.  But  as  women  have  naturally  a  sudden  wit  for  good 
or  bad,  much  more  prompt  than  men,  although  when 
indeed  they  would  make  discourses,  it  proves  defective ; 
so  Camilla  found  in  an  instant  a  remedy  for  an  affair  in 
appearance  so  irremediable  and  helpless,  and  therefore  bade 
Lothario  to  induce  his  friend  Anselmo  to  hide  himself  the 
next  day  ensuing,  for  she  hoped  to  take  commodity  out  of 
his  being  there  for  them  both  to  enjoy  one  another  with 
more  security  than  ever  they  had  before  ;  and  without 
wholly  manifesting  her  proverb  to  him,  she  only  advertised 
him  to  have  care  that,  after  Anselmo  were  hidden,  he 
should  presently  come  when  Leonela  called  for  him,  and 
that  he  should  answer  her  as  directly  to  every  question  she 
proposed,  as  if  Anselmo  were  not  in  place.  Lothario  did 
urge  her  importunately  to  declare  her  design  unto  him,  to 
the  end  he  might  with  more  security  and  advice  obscure 
all  that  was  necessary.  ''  I  say,"  quoth  Camilla,  "there  is 
no  other  observance  to  be  had,  than  only  to  answer  me 
directly  to  what  I  shall  demand."  For  she  would  not 
give  him  account  beforehand  of  her  determination,  fearful 


346  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

that  he  would  not  conform  himself  to  her  opinion,  which 
she  took  to  be  so  good,  or  else  lest  he  would  follow  or  seek 
any  other,  that  would  not  prove  after  so  well.  Thus 
departed  Lothario ;  and  Anselmo,  under  pretext  that  he 
would  visit  his  friend  out  of  town,  departed,  and  returned 
covertly  back  again  to  hide  himself,  which  he  could  do 
the  more  commodiously,  because  Camilla  and  Leonela  did 
purposely  afford  him  opportunity.  Anselmo  having 
hidden  himself  with  the  grief  that  may  be  imagined  one 
would  conceive,  who  did  expect  to  see  with  his  own  eyes 
an  anatomy  made  of  the  bowels  of  his  honour,  and  was  in 
danger  to  lose  the  highest  felicity  that  he  accounted 
himself  to  possess  in  his  beloved  Camilla  ;  Camilla  and 
Leonela,  being  certain  that  he  was  hidden  within  the 
wardrobe,  entered  into  it,  wherein  scarce  had  Camilla  set 
her  foot,  when,  breathing  forth  of  a  deep  sigh,  she  spoke 
in  this  manner : 

' "  Ah,  friend  Leonela !  were  it  not  better  that,  before  I 
put  in  execution  that  which  I  would  not  have  thee  to 
know,  lest  thou  shouldest  endeavour  to  hinder  it,  that 
thou  takest  Anselmo' s  poniard  that  I  have  sought  of  thee, 
and  pass  this  infamous  breast  of  mine  through  and 
through  ?  but  do  it  not,  for  it  is  no  reason  that  I 
should  suffer  for  other  men's  faults.  I  will  know,  first 
of  all,  what  the  bold  and  dishonest  eyes  of  Lothario 
noted  in  me,  that  should  stir  in  him  the  presumption  to 
discover  unto  me  so  unlawful  a  desire  as  that  which  he 
hath  revealed,  so  much  in  contempt  of  his  friend,  and  to 
my  dishonour.  Stand  at  that  window,  Leonela,  and  call 
him  to  me,  for  I  do  infallibly  believe  that  he  stands 
in  the  street  awaiting  to  effect  his  wicked  purpose.  But 
first  my  cruel  yet  honourable  mind  shall  be  performed/' 
"  Alas,  dear  madam,"  quoth  the  wise  and  crafty  Leonela, 
"  what  is  it  that  you  mean  to  do  with  that  poniard  ?  Mean 
you  perhaps  to  deprive  either  your  own  or  Lothario's  life 
therewithal  ?  for  whichsoever  of  these  things  you  do,  shall 
redound  to  the  loss  of  your  credit  and  fame.  It  is  much 
better  that  you  dissemble  your  wrong,  and  give  no 
occasion  to  the  bad  man  now  to  enter  into  this  house,  and 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  347 

find  us  here  in  it  alone.  Consider,  good  madam,  how  we 
are  but  weak  women,  and  he  is  a  man,  and  one  resolute, 
and  by  reason  that  he  comes  blinded  by  his  bad  and 
passionate  intent,  he  may  peradventure,  before  you  be  able 
to  put  yours  in  execution,  do  somewhat  that  would  be 
worse  for  you  than  to  deprive  you  of  your  life.  Evil 
befall  my  master  Anselmo,  that  ministers  so  great  occasion 
to  Impudency  thus  to  discover  her  visage  in  our  house. 
And  if  you  should  kill  him  by  chance,  madam,  as  I  suspect 
you  mean  to  do,  what  shall  we  do  after  with  the  dead 
carcase  .f*"  What  said  Camilla  .^^  ''We  would  leave  him 
here  that  Anselmo  might  bury  him  ;  for  it  is  only  just  that 
he  should  have  the  agreeable  task  of  interring  his  own 
infamy.  Make  an  end,  then,  and  call  him,  for  methinks 
that  all  the  time  which  I  spend  untaking  due  revenge 
for  my  wrong,  turns  to  the  prejudice  of  the  loyalty  which 
I  owe  unto  my  spouse." 

'  Anselmo  listened  very  attentively  all  the  while,  and  at 
every  word  that  Camilla  said,  his  thoughts  changed.  But 
when  he  understood  that  she  was  resolved  to  kill  Lothario, 
he  was  about  to  come  out  and  discover  himself,  to  the  end 
that  such  a  thing  should  not  be  done  ;  but  the  desire  that 
he  had  to  see  wherein  so  brave  and  honest  a  resolution 
would  end,  withheld  him,  determining  then  to  sally  out 
when  his  presence  should  be  needful  to  hinder  it.  Camilla 
about  this  time  began  to  be  very  weak  and  dismayed,  and 
casting  herself,  as  if  she  had  fallen  into  a  trance,  upon  a 
bed  that  was  in  the  room,  Leonela  began  to  lament  very 
bitterly,  and  to  say,  "Alas!  wretch  that  I  am,  how  un- 
fortunate should  I  be,  if  the  flower  of  the  world's  honesty, 
the  crown  of  good  women,  and  the  pattern  of  chastity 
should  die  here  between  my  hands ! ''  Those  and  such 
other  things  she  said  so  dolefully,  as  no  one  could  hear 
her  that  would  not  deem  her  to  be  one  of  the  most 
esteemed  and  loyal  damsels  of  the  world,  and  take  her 
lady  for  another  new  and  persecuted  Penelope.  Soon 
after,  Camilla  returned  to  herself,  and  said  presently, 
"  Why  goest  thou  not,  Leonela,  to  call  the  most  disloyal 
friend  of  a  friend  that  ever  the  sun  beheld,  or  the  night 


348  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

concealed  ?  Make  an  end,  run,  make  haste,  and  let  not 
the  fire  of  my  choler  be  through  thy  stay  consumed  and 
spent,  nor  the  just  revenge,  which  I  hope  to  take,  pass 
over  in  threats  or  maledictions."  ''  I  go  to  call  him, 
madam,''  quoth  Leonela ;  "  but,  first  of  all,  you  must  give 
me  that  poniard,  lest  you  should  do  with  it  in  mine 
absence  somewhat  that  would  minister  occasion  to  us, 
your  friends,  to  deplore  you  all  the  days  of  our  lives." 
"  Go  away  boldly,  friend  Leonela,"  said  Camilla,  "  for  I 
shall  do  nothing  in  thine  absence ;  for  although  I  be  in 
thine  opinion  both  simple  and  bold  enough  to  turn  for 
mine  honour,  yet  mean  I  not  to  be  so  much  as  the  cele- 
brated Lucretia,  of  whom  it  is  recorded  that  she  slew 
herself,  without  having  committed  any  error,  or  slain  him 
first  who  was  the  principal  cause  of  her  disgrace.  I  will 
die,  if  I  must  needs  die,  but  I  will  be  satisfied  and 
revenged  on  him  that  hath  given  me  occasion  to  come 
into  this  place  to  lament  his  boldness,  sprung  without  my 
default." 

*  Leonela  could  scarce  be  entreated  to  go  and  call 
Lothario,  but  at  last  she  went  out,  and  in  the  meantime 
Camilla  remained,  speaking  to  herself  these  words  :  "  Good 
God!  had  not  it  been  more  discretion  to  have  dismissed 
Lothario,  as  I  did  many  times  before,  than  thus  to 
possess  him,  as  I  have  done,  with  an  opinion  that  I  am  an 
evil  and  dishonest  woman,  at  least  all  the  while  that 
passeth,  until  mine  acts  shall  undeceive  him,  and  teach 
him  the  contrary.^  It  had  been  doubtlessly  better;  but 
then  should  not  I  be  revenged,  nor  my  husband's  honour 
satisfied,  if  he  were  permitted  to  bear  away  so  clearly  his 
malignity,  or  escape  out  of  the  snare  wherein  his  wicked 
thoughts  involved  him.  Let  the  traitor  pay  with  his  life's 
defrayment  that  which  he  attempted  with  so  lascivious  a 
desire.  Let  the  world  know  (if  it  by  chance  shall  come  to 
know  it)  that  Camilla  did  not  only  conserve  the  loyalty, 
due  to  her  lord,  but  also  took  revenge  of  the  intended 
spoil  thereof.  But  yet  I  believe  that  it  were  best  to  give 
Anselmo  first  notice  thereof;  but  I  did  already  touch  it  to 
him  in  the  letter  which  I  wrote  to  him  to  the  village,  and 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  349 

I  believe  his  not  concurring  to  take  order  in  this  so 
manifest  an  abuse,  proceeds  of  his  too  sincere  and  good 
meaning,  which  would  not,  nor  cannot  believe  that  the 
like  kind  of  thought  could  ever  find  entertainment  in  the 
breast  of  so  firm  a  friend,  tending  so  much  to  his  dis- 
honour. And  what  marvel  if  I  myself  could  not  credit  it 
for  a  great  many  days  together  ?  Nor  would  I  ever  have 
thought  it,  if  his  insolency  had  not  arrived  to  that  pass, 
which  the  manifest  gifts,  large  promises,  and  continual 
tears  he  shed  do  give  testimony.  But  why  do  I  make 
now  these  discourses  ?  Hath  a  gallant  resolution  perhaps 
any  need  of  advice  ?  No,  verily ;  therefore  avaunt 
treacherous  thoughts,  here  we  must  use  revenge.  Let 
the  false  man  come  in,  arrive,  die,  and  end,  and  let  after 
befall  what  can  befall.  I  entered  pure  and  untouched  to 
his  possession,  whom  Heaven  bestowed  on  me  for  mine, 
and  I  will  depart  from  him  purely.  And  if  the  worst 
befall,  I  shall  only  be  defiled  by  mine  own  chaste  blood, 
and  the  impure  gore  of  the  falsest  friend  that  ever  amity 
saw  in  this  world."  And  saying  of  this,  she  pranced  up  and 
down  the  room  with  the  poniard  naked  in  her  hand,  with 
such  long  and  unmeasurable  strides,  and  making  withal 
such  gestures,  as  she  rather  seemed  defective  of  wit,  and 
a  desperate  rufHan  than  a  delicate  woman. 

'  All  this  Anselmo  perceived  very  well  from  behind  the 
arras  that  covered  him,  which  did  not  a  little  admire  him, 
and  he  thought  that  what  he  had  seen  and  heard  was  a 
sufficient  satisfaction  of  far  greater  suspicions  than  he  had, 
and  could  have  wished  with  all  his  heart  that  the  trial  of 
Lothario's  coming  might  be  excused,  fearing  greatly  some 
sudden  bad  success.  And  as  he  was  ready  to  manifest 
himself,  and  to  come  out  and  embrace  and  dissuade  his 
wife,  he  withdrew  himself,  because  he  saw  Leonela  return, 
bringing  Lothario  in  by  the  hand.  And  as  soon  as  Camilla 
beheld  him,  she  drew  a  great  stroke  with  the  point  of  the 
poniard  athwart  the  wardrobe,  saying,  "■  Lothario,  note 
well  what  I  mean  to  say  unto  thee,  for  if  by  chance  thou 
beest  so  hardy  as  to  pass  over  this  line  which  thou  seest, 
ere  I  come  as  far  as  it,  I  will  in  the  very  same  instant  stab 


350  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

myself  into  the  heart  with  this  poniard  which  I  hold  in  my 
hand.  And  before  thou  dost  speak  or  answer  me  any 
word,  I  would  first  have  thee  to  listen  to  a  few  of  mine  ; 
for  after,  thou  mayest  say  what  thou  pleasest. 

'  *'  First  of  all,  I  would  have  thee,  O  Lothario  !  to  say 
whether  thou  knowest  my  husband,  Anselmo,  and  what 
opinion  thou  hast  of  him  ?  And  next  I  would  have  thee 
to  tell  me  if  thou  knowest  myself?  Answer  to  this  with- 
out delay,  nor  do  not  stand  long  thinking  on  what  thou 
art  to  answer,  seeing  they  are  no  deep  questions  which  I 
propose  unto  thee."  Lothario  was  not  so  ignorant,  but 
that  from  the  very  beginning,  when  Camilla  requested 
him  to  persuade  her  husband  to  hide  himself  behind  the 
tapestry,  he  had  not  fallen  on  the  drift  of  her  invention  ; 
and  therefore  did  answer  her  intention  so  aptly  and 
discreetly,  as  they  made  that  untruth  pass  between  them 
for  a  more  than  manifest  verity  ;  and  so  he  answered  to 
Camilla  in  this  form  :  "I  did  never  conjecture,  beautiful 
Camilla,  that  thou  wouldest  have  called  me  here  to  demand 
of  me  things  so  wide  from  the  purpose  for  which  I  come. 
If  thou  dost  it  to  defer  yet  the  promised  favour,  thou 
mightest  have  entertained  it  yet  further  off,  for  the  good 
desired  afflicteth  so  much  the  more,  by  how  much  the 
hope  to  possess  it  is  near.  But  because  thou  mayest  not 
accuse  me  for  not  answering  to  thy  demands,  I  say  that  I 
know  thy  husband  Anselmo,  and  both  of  us  know  one 
another  even  from  our  tender  infancy,  and  I  will  not  omit 
to  say  that  which  thou  also  knowest  of  our  amity,  to  make 
me  thereby  a  witness  against  myself  of  the  wrong  which 
love  compels  me  to  do  unto  him,  yet  love  is  a  sufficient 
excuse  and  excuser  of  greater  errors  than  are  mine.  Thee 
do  I  likewise  know  and  hold  in  the  same  possession  that 
he  doth  ;  for  were  it  not  so,  I  should  never  have  been 
won  by  less  perfections  than  thine,  to  transgress  so  much 
that  which  I  owe  to  myself  and  to  the  holy  laws  of  true 
amity,  now  broken  and  violated  by  the  tyranny  of  so 
powerful  an  adversary  as  love  hath  proved."  *'  If  thou 
dost  acknowledge  that,"  replied  Camilla,  "  O  mortal 
enemy  of  all  that  which  justly  deserveth  love  !  with  what 


Chap.  VII       THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  351 

face  darest  thou  then  appear  before  that  which  thou 
knowest  to  be  the  mirror  wherein  he  looks,  in  whom  thou 
also  oughtest  to  behold  thyself,  to  the  end  thou  mightest 
perceive  upon  how  little  occasion  thou  dost  wrong  him  ? 
But,  unfortunate  that  I  am,  I  fall  now  in  the  reason 
which  hath  moved  thee  to  make  so  little  account  of  thine 
own  duty,  which  was  perhaps  some  negligent  or  light 
behaviour  of  mine,  which  I  will  not  call  dishonesty, 
seeing  that,  as  I  presume,  it  hath  not  proceeded  from  me 
deliberately,  but  rather  through  the  carelessness  that 
women  which  think  they  are  not  noted  do  sometimes 
unwittingly  commit.  If  not,  say,  traitor,  when  did  I  ever 
answer  thy  prayers  with  any  word  or  token  that  might 
awake  in  thee  the  least  shadow  of  hope  to  accomplish  thine 
infamous  desires  ?  When  were  not  thine  amorous  en- 
treaties reprehended  and  dispersed  by  the  roughness  and 
rigour  of  mine  answers  ?  When  were  thy  many  promises 
and  larger  gifts  ever  believed  or  admitted  ?  But  forasmuch 
as  I  am  persuaded  that  no  man  can  persevere  long  time  in 
the  amorous  contention,  who  hath  not  been  sustained  by 
some  hope,  I  will  attribute  the  fault  of  thine  impertinence 
to  myself;  for  doubtlessly  some  carelessness  of  mine  hath 
hitherto  sustained  thy  care,  and  therefore  I  will  chastise 
and  give  to  myself  the  punishment  which  thy  fault 
deserveth.  And  because  thou  mightest  see  that  I,  being 
so  inhuman  towards  myself,  could  not  possibly  be  other 
than  cruel  to  thee,  I  thought  fit  to  call  thee  to  be  a  witness 
of  the  sacrifice  which  I  mean  to  make  to  the  offended 
honour  of  my  most  honourable  husband,  tainted  by  thee 
with  the  blackest  note  that  thy  malice  could  devise,  and 
by  me,  through  the  negligence  that  I  used,  to  shun  the 
occasion,  if  I  gave  thee  any,  thus  to  nourish  and  canonise 
thy  wicked  intentions.  I  say  again,  that  the  suspicion  I 
have,  that  my  little  regard  hath  engendered  in  thee  these 
distracted  thoughts,  is  that  which  afflicteth  me  most,  and 
that  which  I  mean  to  chastise  most  with  mine  own  hands ; 
for  if  another  executioner  punished  me,  then  should  my 
crime  become  more  notorious.  But  before  I  do  this,  I, 
dying,  will  kill,  and  carry  him  away  with  me,  that  shall 


352  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

end  and  satisfy  the  greedy  desire  of  revenge  which  I  hope 
for,  and  I  have;  seeing  before  mine  eyes,  wheresoever  I 
shall  go,  the  punishment  which  disengaged  justice  shall 
inflict,  it  still  remaining  unbowed  or  suborned  by  him, 
who  hath  brought  me  to  so  desperate  terms." 

'  And  having  said  these  words,  she  flew  upon  Lothario 
with  incredible  force  and  lightness,  and  her  poniard  naked, 
giving  such  arguments  and  tokens  that  she  meant  to  stab 
him,  as  he  himself  was  in  doubt  whether  her  demonstrations 
were  false  or  true ;  wherefore  he  was  driven  to  help 
himself  by  his  wit  and  strength,  for  to  hinder  Camilla 
from  striking  of  him,  who  did  so  lively  act  her  strange 
guile  and  fiction,  as  to  give  it  colour,  she  would  give  it  a 
blush  of  her  own  blood :  for  perceiving,  or  else  feigning 
that  she  could  not  hurt  Lothario,  she  said,  "  Seeing  that 
adverse  fortune  will  not  satisfy  thoroughly  my  just  desires, 
yet  at  least  it  shall  not  be  potent  wholly  to  cross  my 
designs/'  And  then  striving  to  free  the  dagger  hand, 
which  Lothario  held  fast,  she  snatched  it  away,  and 
directing  the  point  to  some  place  of  her  body,  which  might 
hurt  her,  but  not  very  grievously,  she  stabbed  herself, 
and  hid  it  in  her  apparel  near  unto  the  left  shoulder,  and 
fell  forthwith  to  the  ground,  as  if  she  were  in  a  trance. 
Lothario  and  Leonela  stood  amazed  at  the  unexpected 
event,  and  still  rested  doubtful  of  the  truth  of  the  matter, 
seeing  Camilla  to  lie  on  the  ground  bathed  in  her  blood. 
Lothario  ran,  all  wan  and  pale,  very  hastily  to  her,  to  take 
out  the  poniard,  and  seeing  how  little  blood  followed,  he 
lost  the  fear  that  he  had  conceived  of  her  greater  hurt,  and 
began  anew  to  admire  the  cunning  wit  and  discretion  of 
the  beautiful  Camilla ;  but  yet  that  he  might  play  the  part 
of  a  friend,  he  began  a  long  and  doleful  lamentation  over 
Camilla's  body,  even  as  she  were  dead,  and  began  to 
breathe  forth  many  curses  and  execrations  not  only  against 
himself,  but  also  against  him  that  had  employed  him  in 
that  unfortunate  affair.  And  knowing  that  his  friend 
Anselmo  did  listen  unto  him,  he  said  such  things  as  would 
move  a  man  to  take  more  compassion  of  him  than  of 
Camilla    herself,    although    they    accounted    her    dead. 


Chap.  VII      THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  353 

Leonela  took  her  up  between  her  arms,  and  laid  her  on 
the  bed,  and  entreated  Lothario  to  go  out,  and  find  some 
one  that  would  undertake  to  cure  her  secretly.  She  also 
demanded  of  him  his  advice,  touching  the  excuse  they 
might  make  to  Anselmo  concerning  her  mistress  her 
wound,  if  he  came  to  town  before  it  were  fully  cured. 

'  He  answered,  that  they  might  say  what  they  pleased, 
for  he  was  not  in  a  humour  of  giving  any  counsel  worth 
the  following  ;  and  only  said  this,  that  she  should  labour 
to  stanch  her  lady's  blood  ;  for  he  meant  to  go  there 
whence  they  should  hear  no  news  of  him  ever  after.  And 
so  departed  out  of  the  house  with  very  great  tokens  of 
grief  and  feeling ;  and  when  he  was  alone  in  a  place  where 
nobody  perceived  him,  he  blest  himself  a  thousand  times 
to  think  of  Camilla's  art,  and  the  gestures,  so  proper  and 
accommodated  to  the  purpose,  used  by  her  maid  Leonela. 
He  considered  how  assured  Anselmo  would  remain  that 
he  had  a  second  Portia  to  wife,  and  desired  to  meet  him, 
that  they  might  celebrate  together  the  fiction,  and  the  best 
dissembled  truth  that  could  be  ever  imagined.  Leonela, 
as  is  said,  stanched  her  lady's  blood,  which  was  just  as 
much  as  might  serve  to  colour  her  invention  and  no  more; 
and,  washing  the  wound  with  some  wine,  she  tied  it  up 
the  best  that  she  could,  saying  such  words  whilst  she  cured 
her  as  were  able,  though  nothing  had  been  done  before,  to 
make  Anselmo  believe  that  he  had  an  image  of  honesty  in 
Camilla.  To  the  plaints  of  Leonela,  Camilla  added  others, 
terming  herself  a  coward  of  base  spirit,  since  she  wanted 
time  (being  a  thing  so  necessary)  to  deprive  her  life  which 
she  hated  so  mortally  ;  she  demanded  counsel  of  her 
maiden,  whether  she  would  tell  or  conceal  all  that  success 
to  her  beloved  spouse.  And  she  answered,  that  it  was 
best  to  conceal  it,  lest  she  should  engage  her  husband  to 
be  revenged  on  Lothario,  which  would  not  be  done  with- 
out his  very  great  peril,  and  that  every  good  wife  was 
bound,  not  to  give  occasion  to  her  husband  of  quarrelling, 
but  rather  to  remove  from  him  as  many  as  was  possible. 
Camilla  answered,  that  she  allowed  of  her  opinion,  and 
would  follow  it  ;  and  that  in  any  sort  they  must  study 


354  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

some  device  to  cloak  the  occasion  of  her  hurt  from 
Anselmo,  who  could  not  choose  but  espy  it.  To  this 
Leonela  answered,  that  she  herself  knew  not  how  to  lie, 
no,  not  in  very  jest  itself.  "Well,  friend,"  quoth  Camilla, 
"  and  I,  what  do  I  know  ?  for  I  dare  not  to  forge  or  report 
an  untruth  if  my  life  lay  on  it.  And  if  we  know  not  how 
to  give  it  a  better  issue,  it  will  be  better  to  report  the 
naked  truth  than  to  be  overtaken  in  a  leasing."  "  Do  not 
trouble  yourself,  madam,"  quoth  Leonela  ;  "  for  I  will 
bethink  myself  of  somewhat  between  this  and  to-morrow 
morning,  and  perhaps  the  wound  may  be  concealed  from 
him,  by  reason  that  it  is  in  the  place  where  it  is  ;  and 
Heaven  perhaps  may  be  pleased  to  favour  our  so  just  and 
honourable  thoughts.  Be  quiet,  good  madam,  and  labour 
to  appease  your  alteration  of  mind,  that  my  lord  at  his 
return  may  not  find  you  perplexed  ;  and  leave  all  the  rest 
to  God's  and  my  charge,  who  doth  always  assist  the  just." 
'  With  highest  attention  stood  Anselmo  listening  and 
beholding  the  tragedy  of  his  dying  honours,  which  the 
personages  thereof  had  acted  with  so  strange  and  forcible 
effects,  as  it  verily  seemed  that  they  were  transformed  into 
the  opposite  truth  of  their  well-contrived  fiction.  He 
longed  greatly  for  the  night  and  leisure  to  get  out  of  his 
house,  that  he  might  go  and  congratulate  with  his  good 
friend  Lothario,  for  the  precious  jewel  that  he  had  found 
in  this  last  trial  of  his  wife.  The  mistress  and  maiden 
had  as  great  care  to  give  him  the  opportunity  to  depart  ; 
and  he,  fearing  to  lose  it,  issued  out  in  a  trice,  and  went 
presently  to  find  Lothario,  who  being  found,  it  is  not 
possible  to  recount  the  embracements  he  gave  unto  him, 
the  secrets  of  his  contentment  that  he  revealed,  or  the 
attributes  and  praises  that  he  gave  to  Camilla.  All  which 
Lothario  heard,  without  giving  the  least  argument  of  love; 
having  represented  to  his  mind  at  that  very  time,  how 
greatly  deceived  his  friend  lived,  and  how  unjustly  he 
himself  injured  him.  And  although  that  Anselmo  noted 
that  Lothario  took  no  delight  at  his  relation,  yet  did  he 
believe  that  the  cause  of  his  sorrow  proceeded  from  having 
left  Camilla  wounded,  and  he  himself  given  the  occasion 


Chap.  VII      THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  355 

thereof;  and  therefore,  among  many  other  words,  said 
unto  him,  that  there  was  no  occasion  to  grieve  at  Camilla's 
hurt,  it  doubtlessly  being  but  light,  seeing  she  and  her 
maid  had  agreed  to  hide  it  from  him  ;  and  that  according 
unto  this  there  was  no  great  cause  of  fear,  but  that  from 
thenceforward  he  should  live  merrily  and  contentedly 
with  him,  seeing  that  by  his  industry  and  means  he  found 
himself  raised  to  the  highest  felicity  that  might  be  desired  ; 
and  therefore  would  from  thenceforth  spend  his  idle  times 
in  writing  of  verses  in  Camilla's  praise,  that  he  might 
eternise  her  name,  and  make  it  famous  in  ensuing  ages. 
Lothario  commended  his  resolution  therein,  and  said  that 
he  for  his  part  would  also  help  to  raise  up  so  noble  an 
edifice  ;  and  herewithal  Anselmo  rested  the  most  sooth- 
ingly and  contentedly  deceived  that  could  be  found  in 
the  world.  And  then  himself  took  by  the  hand  to 
his  house,  believing  that  he  bore  the  instrument  of  his 
glory,  the  utter  perdition  of  his  fame.  Camilla  entertained 
him  with  a  frowning  countenance,  but  a  cheerful  mind. 
The  fraud  rested  unknown  a  while,  until,  at  the  end  of 
certain  months,  fortune  turned  the  wheel,  and  the  wicked- 
ness that  was  so  artificially  cloaked,  issued  to  the  public 
notice  of  the  world  ;  and  Anselmo  his  impertinent  curiosity 
cost  him  his  life.' 


END    OF    VOL.    I. 


GLASGOW  :    PRINTED   AT   THE    UNIVERSITY   PRESS   BY   ROBERT   MACLEHOSE   AND   CO. 


V* 


Date  Due 

All  library  items  are  subject  to  recall  at  any  time. 


OE 


DEC  1 6  7nn.q 

MAR  2  2  7nin 

Aun  1  ft  ?nifi 

MU17  10  Lvw 

AUb  1  Z  20 

0 

OCT  1 8  2010 

OCTl  9'im 

MAR  1  7  7(111 

Brigham  Young  University 


BRIGHAM   VOUNG   UNIVERSITY 


■11 

31197  20144  1281 


