HAROLD  B.  LEE  LIBRARK  "^^ 

BRIGHAM  YOUNG  UN(V£^§|1t 

PROVO.  UTAH 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 
in  2011  with  funding  from 
Brigham  Young  University 


http://www.archive.org/details/historyofvalorou02cerv 


Library  of  English   Classics 


CERVANTES 


j/  ^  The  History  or  the 

Valorous  ^  Witty  Knight-Errant 

Don  Quixote  of  the  Mancha 


By  Miguel  de  Cervantes 


Translated  by   Thomas  Shelton 


IN    THREE    VOLS.— VOL.    II 


London 

Macmillan   and    Co.    Limited 

New  York  :    The  Macmillan  Company 
1900 


GLASGOW       PRINTED   AT    THE   UNIVERSITY    PRESS 
BY   ROBERT    MACLEHOSE   AND   CO. 

THE  LIBRARY 

BRIGHAM  YOUNG  UNIVERSITT 

PROVO,  UTAH 


CONTENTS   OF  VOLUME   II 


THE    FOURTH    "^OOY^— Continued 

CHAP.  PAGE 

VIII.  Wherein  is  ended  the  History  of  the  Curious- 
Impertinent  :  and  likewise  recounted  the  Rough 
Encounter  and  Conflict  passed  between  Don 
Quixote  and  certain  Bags  of  Red  Wine,  .  .  i 

IX.  Which    treats    of  many   Rare    Successes    befallen   in 

the  Inn,    .  .  .  .  .  .  1 1 

X.   Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  History  of  the  famous  Prin- 
cess Micomicona^  with  other  Delightful  Adventures,  22 

XI.  Treating   of  the   Curious    Discourse  made    by  Don 

Quixote  upon  the  Exercises  of  Arms  and  Letters,  33 

XII.  Wherein    the    Captive    recounteth    his     Life,    and 

other  Accidents,     .  .  .  .  .  38 

XIII.  Wherein  is   prosecuted  the  History  of  the  Captive,  47 

XIV.  Wherein  the  Captive  prosecuteth  the  Pleasant  Narra- 

tion of  his  Life,    .  .  .  .  .  61 

XV.  Which  speaks  of  that  which  after  befel  in  the  Inn, 

and  of  sundry  other  things  worthy  to  be  known,  84 

XVI.  Wherein   is  recounted   the   History  of  the   Lackey, 

with  other  strange  Adventures  befallen  in  the  Inn,  91 

XVII.  Wherein  are   prosecuted    the  Wonderful  Adventures 

of  the  Inn,  .  .  .  .  .102 


vi  CONTENTS 

CHAP.  PAGE 

XVIII.  Wherein  are  decided  the  Controversies  of  the  Helmet 
of  Mambrino  and  of  the  Pannel,  with  other  strange 
and  most  true  Adventures,  .  .  .  1 1 1 

XIX.  In  which  is  finished  the  Notable  Adventure  of  the 
Troopers,  and  the  great  Ferocity  of  our  Knight, 
Don  Quixote,  and  how  he  was  enchanted,  .  120 

XX.  Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  manner  of  Don  Quixote's 

Enchantment,  with  other  Famous  Occurrences,     .  129 

XXI.  Wherein  the  Canon  prosecutes  his  Discourse  upon 
Books  of  Chivalry,  and  many  other  things  worthy 
of  his  wit,  .  .  .  .  .140 

XXII.  Wherein  the  Discreet  Discourse  that  passed  between 

Sancho  Panza  and  his  Lord  Don  Quixote  is  expressed,  148 

XXIII.  Of  the  Discreet  Contention  between   Don   Quixote 

and  the  Canon,  with  other  Accidents,       .  .  156 

XXIV.  Relating  that  which  the  Goatherd  told  to  those  that 

carried  away  Don  Quixote,  .  .  .  163 

XXV.  Of  the  falling  out  of  Don  Quixote  and  the  Goatherd  ; 
with  the  Adventure  of  the  Disciplinants,  to  which 
the  Knight  gave  end  to  his  cost,  .  .  169 


THE  SECOND  PART 


The  Author's  Prologue  to  the  Reader,      .  185 

CHAP. 

I.  How   the  Vicar   and   the   Barber    passed   their   time 

with  Don  Quixote,  touching  his  Infirmity,  .  189 

II.  Of  the  Notable  Fray  that  Sancho  Panza  had  with 
the  Niece  and  the  Old  Woman,  and  other  de- 
lightful Passages,     .  .  .  .  .199 


CONTENTS  vii 

CHAP.  PAGE 

III.  The   ridiculous   Discourse   that   passed   betwixt   Don 

Quixote,  Sancho,  and  the  Bachelor  Samson  Carrasco,  204 

IV.  How    Sancho    Panza    satisfies    the    Bachelor    Samson 

Carrasco's  Doubts  and  Demands,  with  other  Acci- 
dents worthy  to  be  known  and  related,    .  .  212 

V.  Of  the  wise  and  pleasant  Discourse  that  passed  betwixt 
Sancho  Panza  and  his  wife  Teresa  Panza,  and  other 
Accidents  worthy  of  happy  remembrance,  .  217 

VI.  What  passed  betwixt  Don  Quixote,  his  Niece,  and 
the  Old  Woman ;  and  it  is  one  of  the  most  material 
chapters  in  all  the  History,  .  .  .  223 

VII.  What  passed  betwixt   Don  Quixote  and  his   Squire, 

with  other  most  famous  Accidents,  .  .  228 

VIII.  What  befel  Don  Quixote,  going  to  see  his  Mistress 

Dulcinea  del  Toboso,         .  .  .  ,  235 

IX.   Where  is  set  down  as  foUoweth,      .  .  .  242 

X.  How  Sancho  cunningly  enchanted  the  Lady  Dulcinea, 

and  other  Successes,  as  ridiculous  as  true,  .  246 

XI.  Of  the  strange  Adventure  that  befel  Don  Quixote, 
with  the  Cart  or  Waggon  of  the  Parliament  of 
Death,        .  .  .  .  .  .  254 

XII.  Of  the  rare  Adventure  that  befel  Don  Ouixote  with 

the  Knight  of  the  Looking-glasses,  .  .  260 

XIII.  Where  the  Adventure  of  the  Knight  of  the  Wood  is 

prosecuted,    with    the    discreet,    rare,    and    sweet 
Colloquy  that  passed   betwixt  the  two  Squires,      .  266 

XIV.  How  the  Adventure  of  the  Knight  of  the  Wood  is 

prosecuted,  .  .  .  .  .272 

XV.  Who    the    Knight    of   the    Looking-glasses    and    his 

Squire  were,  .  .  .  .  .  282 


viii  CONTENTS 

CHAP.  PAGE 

XVI.  What  befel  Don  Quixote  with  a  discreet  Gentleman 

of  Mancha,  .  .  .  .  .28$ 

XVII.  Where  is  showed  the  last  and  extremest  Hazard  to 
which  the  unheard-of  courage  of  Don  Quixote  did 
or  could  arrive,  with  the  prosperous  accomplish- 
ment of  the  Adventure  of  the   Lions,        .  .  294 

XVIII.  What  happened  to  Don  Quixote  in  the  Castle,  or 
Knight  of  the  Green  Cassock  his  house,  with  other 
extravagant  Matters,  .  .  .  .  303 

XIX.  Of  the  Adventure  of  the  Enamoured  Shepherd,  with 

other  (indeed)  pleasant  Accidents,  .  .  312 

XX.  Of  the  Marriage  of  rich  Camacho,  and  the  Success 

of  poor  Basilius,    .  .  .  .  .  318 

XXI.  Of  the    prosecution    of   Camacho's    Marriage,    with 

other  delightful  Accidents,  .  .  .  327 

XXII.  Of  the  famous  Adventure  of  Montesinos'  Cave,  which 
is  in  the  heart  of  Mancha,  which  the  valorous 
Don  Quixote  happily  accomplished,  .  .  333 

XXIII.  Of  the  admirable  things  that  the  unparalleled   Don 

Quixote  recounted,  which  he  had  seen  in  Montesinos' 
profound  Cave,  whose  strangeness  and  impossibility 
makes  this  Chapter  be  held  for  Apocrypha,  .  341 

XXIV.  Where  are  recounted  a   thousand  Flim-flams  as  im- 

pertinent as  necessary  to  the  understanding  of  this 

famous  History,     .  .  .  .  .  351 

XXV.  Of  the  Adventure  of  the  braying,  and  the  merry- 
one  of  the  Puppet-man,  with  the  memorable  sooth- 
saying of  the  prophesying  Ape,     .  ,  .  357 


THE   DELIGHTFUL 

HISTORY  OF  THE  MOST  INGENIOUS  KNIGHT 

DON  QUIXOTE  OF  THE  MANCHA 

THE  FOURTH  BOOK   CONTINUED 


CHAPTER  VIII 

Wherein  is  ended  the  History  of  the  Curious-Impertinent : 
And  likewise  recounted  the  Rough  Encounter  and  Conflict 
passed  between  Don  ^ixote  and  certain  Bags  of  Red 
Wine 

A  LITTLE  more  of  the  novel  did  rest  unread,  when  Sancho 
Panza,  all  perplexed,  ran  out  of  the  chamber  where  his 
lord  reposed,  crying  as  loud  as  he  could,  '  Come,  good 
sirs,  speedily,  and  assist  my  lord,  who  is  engaged  in  one 
of  the  most  terrible  battles  that  ever  mine  eyes  have  seen. 
I  swear  that  he  hath  given  such  a  blow  to  the  giant,  my 
lady  the  Princess  Micomicona  her  enemy,  as  he  hath  cut 
his  head  quite  off  as  round  as  a  turnip/ 

^  What  sayst  thou,  friend  ?  *  quoth  the  curate  (leaving 
off  at  that  word  to  prosecute  the  reading  of  his  novel). 
'  Art  thou  in  thy  wits,  Sancho  '^,  What  a  devil,  man,  how 
can  that  be,  seeing  the  giant  dwells  at  least  two  thousand 
leagues  from  hence  } '  By  this  they  heard  a  marvellous 
great  noise  within   the   chamber,  and  that  Don   Quixote 

II.  A 


2  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

cried  out  aloud,  '  Stay,  false  thief !  robber,  stay  !  for  since 
thou  art  here,  thy  scimitar  shall  but  little  avail  thee.'  And 
therewithal  it  seemed  that  he  struck  a  number  of  mighty 
blows  on  the  walls.  And  Sancho  said,  '  There  is  no  need 
to  stand  thus  listening  abroad,  but  rather  that  you  go  in 
and  part  the  fray,  or  else  assist  my  lord ;  although  I  think 
it  be  not  very  necessary,  for  the  giant  is  questionless  dead 
by  this,  and  giving  account  for  the  ill  life  he  led ;  for  I 
saw  his  blood  run  all  about  the  house,  and  his  head  cut 
off,  which  is  as  great  as  a  great  wine  bag.'  '  I  am  content 
to  be  hewn  in  pieces,'  quoth  the  innkeeper,  hearing  of 
this,  '  if  Don  Quixote  or  Don  devil  have  not  given  some 
blow  to  one  of  the  wine-bags  that  stood  filled  at  his  bed's 
head,  and  the  shed  wine  must  needs  be  that  which  seems 
blood  to  this  good  man.'  And  saying  so,  he  entered  into 
the  room,  and  all  the  rest  followed  him,  where  they  found 
Don  Quixote  in  the  strangest  guise  that  may  be  imagined. 
He  was  in  his  shirt,  the  which  was  not  long  enough 
before  to  cover  his  thighs,  and  it  was  six  fingers  shorter 
behind.  His  legs  were  very  long  and  lean,  full  of  hair, 
and  horrible  dirty.  He  wore  on  his  head  a  little  red  but 
very  greasy  nightcap,  which  belonged  to  the  innkeeper. 
He  had  wreathed  on  his  left  arm  the  coverlet  of  his  bed ; 
on  which  Sancho  looked  very  often  and  angrily,  as  one 
that  knew  well  the  cause  of  his  own  malice  to  it :  and  in 
his  right  hand  he  gripped  his  naked  sword,  wherewithal 
he  laid  round  about  him  many  a  thwack ;  and  withal 
spake  as  if  he  were  in  battle  with  some  giant.  And  the 
best  of  all  was,  that  he  held  not  his  eyes  open ;  for  he  was 
indeed  asleep,  and  dreaming  that  he  was  in  fight  with  the 
giant.  For  the  imagination  of  the  adventure  which  he 
had  undertaken  to  finish,  was  so  bent  upon  it,  as  it  made 
him  to  dream  that  he  was  already  arrived  at  the  kingdom 
of  Micomicon,  and  that  he  was  then  in  combat  with  his 
enemy,  and  he  had  given  so  many  blows  on  the  wine- 
bags, supposing  them  to  be  giants,  as  all  the  whole 
chamber  flowed  with  wine.  Which  being  perceived  by 
the  host,  all  inflamed  with  rage,  he  set  upon  Don  Quixote 
with  dry  fists,  and  gave  unto  him  so  many  blows  that  if 


Chap.  VIII        THE   BAGS   OF   RED   WINE  3 

Cardenio  and  the  curate  had  not  taken  him  away,  he 
would  doubtlessly  have  finished  the  war  of  the  giant ;  and 
yet  with  all  this  did  not  the  poor  knight  awake,  until  the 
barber  brought  in  a  great  kettle  full  of  cold  water  from  the 
well,  and  threw  it  all  at  a  clap  upon  him,  and  therewithal 
Don  Quixote  awaked,  but  not  in  such  sort  as  he  perceived 
the  manner  wherein  he  was.  Dorothea,  seeing  how  short 
and  how  thin  her  champion  was  arrayed,  would  not  go  in 
to  see  the  conflict  of  her  combatant  and  his  adversary. 

Sancho  went  up  and  down  the  floor  searching  for  the 
giant's  head,  and  seeing  that  he  could  not  find  it  he  said, 
'  Now  I  do  see  very  well  that  all  the  things  of  this  house 
are  enchantments,  for  the  last  time  that  I  was  here,  in  this 
very  same  room,  I  got  many  blows  and  buffets,  and  knew 
not  who  did  strike  me,  nor  could  I  see  any  body  ;  and  now 
the  head  appears  not,  which  I  saw  cut  off  with  mine  own 
eyes,  and  yet  the  blood  ran  as  swiftly  from  the  body  as 
water  would  from  a  fountain.'  '  What  blood,  or  what  foun- 
tain dost  thou  tattle  of  here,  thou  enemy  of  God  and  His 
saints  ? '  quoth  the  innkeeper.  '  Thou  thief,  dost  thou  not 
see  that  the  blood  and  the  fountain  is  no  other  thing  than 
these  wine-bags  which  are  slashed  here,  and  the  wine  red 
that  swims  up  and  down  this  chamber  ?  And  I  wish 
that  I  may  see  his  soul  swimming  in  hell  which  did 
bore  them  ! '  *  I  know  nothing,'  replied  Sancho,  '  but  this, 
that  if  I  cannot  find  the  giant's  head,  I  shall  become  so 
unfortunate,  as  mine  earldom  will  dissolve  like  salt  cast 
into  water.'  And  certes,  Sancho  awake  was  in  worse  case 
than  his  master  sleeping,  so  much  had  his  lord's  promises 
distracted  him.  The  innkeeper,  on  the  other  side,  was  at 
his  wits'  end,  to  see  the  humour  of  the  squire  and  unhappi- 
ness  of  his  lord,  and  swore  that  it  should  not  succeed  with 
them  now  as  it  had  done  the  other  time,  when  they  went 
away  without  payment ;  and  that  now  the  privileges  of 
chivalry  should  not  any  whit  avail  him,  but  he  should 
surely  pay  both  the  one  and  the  other — yea,  even  for  the 
very  patches  that  were  to  be  set  on  the  bored  wine-bags. 

The  curate  held  fast  Don  Quixote  by  the  hands,  who 
believing  that  he  had  achieved  the  adventure,  and  was 


4  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

after  it  come  into  the  Princess  Micomicona  her  presence, 
he  laid  himself  on  his  knees  before  the  curate,  saying, 
'  Well  may  your  greatness,  high  and  famous  lady,  live  from 
henceforth  secure  from  any  danger  that  this  unfortunate 
wretch  may  do  unto  you  ;  and  I  am  also  freed  from  this 
day  forward  from  the  promise  that  I  made  unto  you, 
seeing  I  have,  by  the  assistance  of  the  heavens,  and 
through  her  favour  by  whom  I  live  and  breathe,  so 
happily  accomplished  it/  *  Did  not  I  say  so  ? '  quoth 
Sancho,  hearing  of  his  master.  '  Yea,  I  was  not  drunk. 
See  if  my  master  hath  not  powdered  the  giant  by  this  ? 
The  matter  is  questionless,  and  the  earldom  is  mine  own.' 
Who  would  not  laugh  at  these  raving  fits  of  the  master  and 
man  ?  All  of  them  laughed  save  the  innkeeper,  who 
gave  himself  for  anger  to  the  devil  more  than  a  hundred 
times.  And  the  barber,  Cardenio,  and  the  curate,  got  Don 
Quixote  to  bed  again,  not  without  much  ado,  who 
presently  fell  asleep  with  tokens  of  marvellous  weariness. 
They  left  him  sleeping,  and  v/ent  out  to  comfort  Sancho 
Panza  for  the  grief  he  had,  because  he  could  not  find  the 
giant's  head  ;  but  yet  had  more  ado  to  pacify  the  inn- 
keeper, who  was  almost  out  of  his  wits  for  the  unexpected 
and  sudden  death  of  his  wine-bags. 

The  hostess,  on  the  other  side,  went  up  and  down 
whining  and  saying,  '  In  an  ill  season  and  an  unlucky  hour 
did  this  knight-errant  enter  into  my  house,  alas  !  and  I 
would  that  mine  eyes  had  never  seen  him,  seeing  he  costs 
me  so  dear.  The  last  time  that  he  was  here,  he  went 
away  scot  free  for  his  supper,  bed,  straw,  and  barley,  both 
for  himself  and  his  man,  his  horse  and  his  ass,  saying  that 
he  was  a  knight-adventurer  (and  God  give  to  him  ill 
venture,  and  to  all  the  other  adventurers  of  the  world !) 
and  was  not  therefore  bound  to  pay  anything,  for  so  it  was 
written  in  the  statutes  of  chivalry.  And  now  for  his  cause 
came  the  other  gentleman,  and  took  away  my  good  tail, 
and  hath  returned  it  me  back  with  two  quarters  of 
damage  ;  for  all  the  hair  is  fallen  off,  and  it  cannot  stand 
my  husband  any  more  in  stead  for  the  purpose  he  had  it ; 
and  for  an  end  and  conclusion  of  all,  to  break  my  wine- 


Chap.  VIII     THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  5 

bags  and  shed  my  wine  :  I  wish  I  may  see  as  much  of  his 
blood  shed.  And  do  not  think  otherwise  ;  for,  by  my 
father's  old  bones  and  the  life  of  my  mother,  they  shall 
pay  me  every  doit,  one  quart  upon  another,  or  else  I 
will  never  be  called  as  I  am,  nor  be  mine  own  father's 
daughter.' 

These  and  such  like  words  spake  the  innkeeper's  wife 
with  very  great  fury,  and  was  seconded  by  her  good 
servant  Maritornes.  The  daughter  held  her  peace,  and 
would  now  and  then  smile  a  little.  But  master  parson  did 
quiet  and  pacify  all,  by  promising  to  satisfy  them  for  the 
damages  as  well  as  he  might,  as  well  for  the  wine  as  for 
the  bags,  but  chiefly  for  her  tail,  the  which  was  so  much 
accounted  of  and  valued  so  highly.  Dorothea  did  comfort 
Sancho,  saying  to  him,  that  whensoever  it  should  be 
verified  that  his  lord  had  slain  the  giant,  and  established 
her  quiedy  in  her  kingdom,  she  would  bestow  upon  him 
the  best  earldom  thereof.  With  this  he  took  courage,  and 
assured  the  princess  that  he  himself  had  seen  the  giant's 
head  cut  off ;  and  for  a  more  certain  token  thereof,  he 
said  that  he  had  a  beard  that  reached  him  down  to  his 
girdle  ;  and  that  if  the  head  could  not  now  be  found,  it 
was  by  reason  that  all  the  affairs  of  that  house  were  guided 
by  enchantment,  as  he  had  made  experience  to  his  cost  the 
last  time  that  he  was  lodged  therein.  Dorothea  replied 
that  she  was  of  the  same  opinion,  and  bade  him  to  be  of 
good  cheer,  for  all  would  be  well  ended  to  his  heart's 
desire.  All  parties  being  quiet,  the  curate  resolved  to 
finish  the  end  of  his  novel,  because  he  perceived  that  there 
rested  but  a  little  unread  thereof.  Cardenio,  Dorothea, 
and  all  the  rest  entreated  him  earnestly  to  finish  it.  And 
he  desiring  to  delight  them  all  herein  and  recreate  himself, 
did  prosecute  the  tale  in  this  manner  : 

*  It  after  befel  that  Anselmo  grew  so  satisfied  of  his 
wife's  honesty  as  he  led  a  most  contented  and  secure  life. 
And  Camilla  did  for  the  nonce  look  sourly  upon  Lothario, 
to  the  end  Anselmo  might  construe  her  mind  amiss. 
And  for  a  greater  confirmation  thereof,  Lothario  requested 
Anselmo  to  excuse  his  coming  any  more  to  his  house,  see- 


6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

ing  that  he  clearly  perceived  how  Camilla  could  neither 
brook  his  company  nor  presence.  But  the  hoodwinked 
Anselmo  answered  him  that  he  would  in  no  wise  consent 
thereunto  ;  and  in  this  manner  did  weave  his  own  dis- 
honour a  thousand  ways,  thinking  to  work  his  contentment. 
In  this  season,  such  was  the  delight  that  Leonela  took  also 
in  her  affections,  as  she  suffered  herself  to  be  borne  away 
by  them  headlongly,  without  any  care  or  regard,  confident 
because  her  lady  did  cover  it,  yea,  and  sometimes  in- 
structed her  how  she  might  put  her  desires  in  practice, 
without  any  fear  or  danger.  But  finally,  Anselmo  heard 
on  a  night  somebody  walk  in  Leonela's  chamber,  and, 
being  desirous  to  know  who  it  was,  as  he  thought  to  enter, 
he  felt  the  door  to  be  held  fast  against  him,  which  gave  him 
a  greater  desire  to  open  it ;  and  therefore  he  struggled  so 
long  and  used  such  violence,  as  he  threw  open  the  door, 
and  entered  just  at  the  time  that  another  leaped  out  at  the 
window  ;  and  therefore  he  ran  out  to  overtake  him,  or 
see  wherein  he  might  know  him,  but  could  neither 
compass  the  one  nor  the  other,  by  reason  that  Leonela, 
embracing  him  hardly,  withheld  him  and  said,  ''  Pacify 
yourself,  good  sir,  and  be  not  troubled,  nor  follow  him 
that  was  here ;  for  he  is  one  that  belongs  to  me,  and  that 
so  much,  as  he  is  my  spouse.''  Anselmo  would  not 
believe  her,  but  rather,  blind  with  rage,  he  drew  out  his 
poniard  and  would  have  wounded  her,  saying,  that  she 
should  presently  tell  him  the  truth,  or  else  he  would  kill 
her.  She,  distracted  with  fear,  said,  without  noting  her 
own  words,  '*  Kill  me  not,  sir,  and  I  will  acquaint  you 
with  things  which  concern  you  more  than  you  can 
imagine."  "Say  quickly,  then,"  quoth  Anselmo,  "or  else 
thou  shalt  die."  "  It  will  be  impossible,"  replied  Leonela, 
"  for  me  to  speak  anything  now,  I  am  so  affrighted ;  but 
give  respite  till  morning,  and  I  will  recount  unto  you 
things  that  will  marvellously  astonish  you ;  and  in  the 
meantime  rest  secure,  that  he  which  leaped  out  of  the 
window  is  a  young  man  of  this  city,  betwixt  whom  and 
me  hath  passed  a  promise  of  marriage."  Anselmo  was 
somewhat  satisfied  by  these  words,  and  therefore  resolved 


Chap.  VIII     THE   CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  7 

to  expect  the  term  which  she  had  demanded  to  open  her 
mind  ;  for  he  did  not  suspect  that  he  should  hear  anything 
of  Camilla,  by  reason  he  was  already  so  assured  of  her 
virtue.  And  so,  departing  out  of  the  chamber,  and 
shutting  up  Leonela  therein,  threatening  her  withal  that 
she  should  never  depart  thence  until  she  had  said  all  that 
she  promised  to  reveal  unto  him,  he  went  presently  to 
Camilla,  to  tell  unto  her  all  that  which  his  maiden  had 
said,  and  the  promise  she  had  passed,  to  disclose  greater 
and  more  important  things.  Whether  Camilla,  hearing 
this,  were  perplexed  or  no,  I  leave  to  the  discreet  reader's 
judgment ;  for  such  was  the  fear  which  she  conceived, 
believing  certainly  (as  it  was  to  be  doubted)  that  Leonela 
would  tell  to  Anselmo  all  that  she  knew  of  her  disloyalty, 
as  she  had  not  the  courage  to  expect  and  see  whether  her 
surmise  would  become  false  or  no.  But  the  very  same 
night,  as  soon  as  she  perceived  Anselmo  to  be  asleep, 
gathering  together  her  best  jewels  and  some  money,  she 
departed  out  of  her  house  unperceived  of  any,  and  went 
to  Lothario's  lodging,  to  whom  she  recounted  all  that  had 
passed,  and  requested  him  either  to  leave  her  in  some  safe 
place,  or  both  of  them  to  depart  to  some  place  where  they 
might  live  secure  out  of  Anselmo's  reach.  The  confusion 
that  Camilla  struck  into  Lothario  was  such  as  he  knew  not 
what  to  say,  and  much  less  how  to  resolve  himself  what 
he  might  do.  But  at  last  he  determined  to  carry  Camilla 
to  a  monastery  wherein  his  sister  was  prioress ;  to  which 
she  easily  condescended  :  and  therefore  Lothario  departed, 
and  left  her  there  with  all  the  speed  that  the  case  required, 
and  did  also  absent  himself  presently  from  the  city,  with- 
out acquainting  anybody  with  his  departure. 

'  Anselmo,  as  soon  as  it  was  day,  without  heeding  the 
absence  of  his  wife,  arose  and  went  to  the  place  where  he 
had  shut  up  Leonela,  with  desire  to  know  of  her  what  she 
had  promised  to  acquaint  him  withal.  He  opened  the 
chamber  door,  and  entered,  but  could  find  nobody  therein, 
but  some  certain  sheets  knit  together  and  tied  to  the 
window,  as  a  certain  sign  how  Leonela  had  made  an  escape 
by  that  way.     Wherefore  he  returned  very  sad  to  tell  to 


8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Camilla  the  adventure ;  but  when  he  could  neither  find 
her  at  bed  nor  in  the  whole  house,  he  remained  astonied, 
and  demanded  for  her  of  his  servants,  but  none  of  them 
could  tell  him  anything.  And  as  he  searched  for  her,  he 
happened  to  see  her  coiFers  lie  open  and  most  of  her 
jewels  wanting ;  and  herewithal  fell  into  the  true  account 
of  his  disgrace,  and  that  Leonela  was  not  the  cause  of  his 
misfortune,  and  so  departed  out  of  his  house  sad  and 
pensive,  even  as  he  was,  half  ready  and  unapparelled,  to  his 
friend  Lothario,  to  recount  unto  him  his  disaster :  but 
when  he  found  him  to  be  likewise  absented,  and  that  the 
servants  told  him  how  their  master  was  departed  the  very 
same  night,  and  had  borne  away  with  him  all  his  money, 
he  was  ready  to  run  out  of  his  wits.  And  to  conclude,  he 
returned  to  his  own  house  again,  wherein  he  found  no 
creature,  man  or  woman,  for  all  his  folk  were  departed, 
and  had  left  the  house  alone  and  desert.  He  knew  not 
what  he  might  think,  say,  or  do ;  and  then  his  judgment 
began  to  fail  him.  There  he  did  contemplate  and  behold 
himself  in  an  instant,  without  a  wife,  a  friend,  and  servants; 
abandoned  (to  his  seeming)  of  Heaven  that  covered  him, 
and  chiefly  without  honour  ;  for  he  clearly  noted  his  own 
perdition  in  Camilla's  crime.  In  the  end  he  resolved,  after 
he  had  bethought  himself  a  great  while,  to  go  to  his  friend's 
village,  wherein  he  had  been  all  the  while  that  he  afforded 
the  leisure  to  contrive  that  disaster.  And  so,  shutting  up 
his  house,  he  mounted  a-horseback,  and  rode  away  in 
languishing  and  doleful  wise.  And  scarce  had  he  ridden 
the  half-way,  when  he  was  so  fiercely  assaulted  by  his 
thoughts,  as  he  was  constrained  to  alight,  and,  tying  his 
horse  to  a  tree,  he  leaned  himself  to  the  trunk  thereof,  and 
breathed  out  a  thousand  pitiful  and  dolorous  sighs  ;  and 
there  he  abode  until  it  was  almost  night,  about  which  hour 
he  espied  a  man  to  come  from  the  city  a-horseback  by  the 
same  way,  and,  having  saluted  him,  he  demanded  of  him 
what  news  he  brought  from  Florence.  The  citizen  replied, 
"  The  strangest  that  had  happened  there  many  a  day  ;  for 
it  is  there  reported  publicly  that  Lothario,  the  great  friend 
of  the  rich  man,  hath  carried  away  the  said  Anselmo's  wife 


Chap.  VIII     THE    CURIOUS-IMPERTINENT  9 

Camilla  this  night,  for  she  is  also  missing  :  all  which  a 
waiting-maid  of  Camilla's  hath  confessed,  whom  the 
governor  apprehended  yesternight  as  she  slipped  down  at 
a  window  by  a  pair  of  sheets  out  of  the  said  Anselmo's 
house.  I  know  not  particularly  the  truth  of  the  affair,  but 
well  I  wot  that  all  the  city  is  amazed  at  the  accident ;  for 
such  a  fact  would  not  be  as  much  as  surmised  from  the 
great  and  familiar  amity  of  them  two,  which  was  so  much 
as  they  were  called,  '  The  Two  Friends.*"  *'  Is  it  perhaps 
yet  known,"  replied  Anselmo,  ''  which  way  Lothario  and 
Camilla  have  taken  ? "  "  In  no  wise  ! "  quoth  the  citizen, 
"  although  the  governor  hath  used  all  possible  diligence  to 
find  them  out."  "  Farewell,  then,  good  sir,"  said  Anselmo. 
"  And  with  you,  sir,"  said  the  traveller.  And  so  departed. 
*  With  these  so  unfortunate  news  poor  Anselmo  arrived, 
not  only  to  terms  of  losing  his  wits,  but  also  well-nigh  of 
losing  his  life  ;  and  therefore,  arising  as  well  as  he  might, 
he  came  to  his  friend's  house,  who  had  heard  nothing  yet 
of  his  disgrace  ;  but  perceiving  him  to  arrive  so  wan,  pined, 
and  dried  up,  he  presently  conjectured  that  some  grievous 
evil  afflicted  him.  Anselmo  requested  him  presently  that 
he  might  be  carried  to  his  chamber,  and  provided  of  paper 
and  ink  to  write  withal.  All  was  done,  and  he  left  in  bed, 
and  alone,  for  so  he  desired  them  ;  and  also  that  the  door 
should  be  fast  locked.  And  being  alone,  the  imagination 
of  his  misfortune  gave  him  such  a  terrible  charge,  as  he 
clearly  perceived  that  his  life  would  shortly  fail  him,  and 
therefore  resolved  to  leave  notice  of  the  cause  of  his  sudden 
and  unexpected  death ;  and  therefore  he  began  to  write  it ; 
but  before  he  could  set  an  end  to  his  discourse,  his  breath 
failed,  and  he  yielded  up  his  life  into  the  hands  of  sorrow, 
which  his  impertinent  curiosity  had  stirred  up  in  him. 
The  gentleman  of  the  house,  seeing  that  it  grew  late,  and 
that  Anselmo  had  not  called,  determined  to  enter,  and 
know  whether  his  indisposition  passed  forward,  and  he 
found  him  lying  on  his  face,  with  half  of  his  body  in  the 
bed,  and  the  other  half  leaning  on  the  table  whereon  he 
lay,  with  a  written  paper  unfolded,  and  held  the  pen  also 
yet  in  his  hand.     His  host  drew  near  unto  him  and,  first 


10  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

of  all,  having  called  him,  he  took  him  by  the  hand  ;  and 
seeing  that  he  answered  not,  and  that  it  was  cold,  he  knew 
that  he  was  dead  ;  and,  greatly  perplexed  and  grieved 
thereat,  he  called  in  his  people,  that  they  might  also  be 
witnesses  of  the  disastrous  success  of  Anselmo  ;  and  after 
all,  he  took  the  paper  and  read  it,  which  he  knew  to  be 
written  with  his  own  hand,  the  substance  whereof  was 
this  : 

'  *'  A  foolish  and  impertinent  desire  hath  despoiled  me 
of  life.  If  the  news  of  my  death  shall  arrive  to  Camilla, 
let  her  also  know  that  I  do  pardon  her,  for  she  was  not 
bound  to  work  miracles  ;  nor  had  I  any  need  to  desire 
that  she  should  work  them.  And  seeing  I  was  the 
builder  and  contriver  of  mine  own  dishonour,  there  is 
no  reason  " — 

'  Hitherunto  did  Anselmo  write,  by  which  it  appeared 
that  his  life  ended  in  that  point,  ere  he  could  set  an  end 
to  the  reason  he  was  to  give.  The  next  day  ensuing,  the 
gentleman  his  friend  acquainted  Anselmo's  kinsfolk  with 
his  death  ;  the  which  had  already  knowledge  of  his  mis- 
fortune, and  also  of  the  monastery  wherein  Camilla  had 
retired  herself,  being  almost  in  terms  to  accompany  her 
husband  in  that  forcible  voyage  ;  nor  for  the  news  of  his 
death,  but  for  grief  of  others  which  she  had  received  of 
her  absent  friend.  It  is  said  that  although  she  was  a 
widow,  yet  would  she  neither  depart  out  of  the  monastery, 
nor  become  a  religious  woman,  until  she  had  received 
within  a  few  days  after  news  how  Lothario  was  slain  in  a 
battle  given  by  Monsieur  de  Lautrec,  to  the  great  Captain 
Gonzalo  Fernandez  of  Cordova,  in  the  kingdom  of 
Naples ;  and-  that  was  the  end  of  the  late  repentant  friend, 
the  which  being  known  to  Camilla,  she  made  a  profession, 
and  shortly  after  deceased  between  the  rigorous  hands  of 
sorrow  and  melancholy :  and  this  was  the  end  of  them  all, 
sprung  from  a  rash  and  inconsiderate  beginning.* 

'  This  novel,'  quoth  the  curate,  having  read  it,  '  is  a 
pretty  one  ;  but  yet  I  cannot  persuade  myself  that  it  is 
true,  and  if  it  be  a  fiction,  the  author  erred  therein  ;  for  it 


Chap.  IX  DON   FERNANDO  ii 

cannot  be  imagined  that  any  husband  would  be  so  foolish 
as  to  make  so  costly  an  experience  as  did  Anselmo :  but  if 
this  accident  had  been  devised  betwixt  a  gentleman  and 
his  love,  then  were  it  possible  ;  but  being  between  man 
and  wife,  it  contains  somewhat  that  is  impossible  and 
unlikely,  but  yet  I  can  take  no  exception  against  the 
manner  of  recounting  thereof/ 


CHAPTER  IX 

Which  treats  of  many  Rare  Successes  befallen  in  the  Inn 

Whilst  they  discoursed  thus,  the  innkeeper,  who  stood 
all  the  while  at  the  door,  said,  '  Here  comes  a  fair  troop 
of  guests,  and  if  they  will  here  alight  we  may  sing  Gaude- 
amus.'  '  What  folk  is  it  ?'  quoth  Cardenio.  '  Four  men  on 
horseback,'  quoth  the  host, '  and  ride  jennet-wise,  with  lances 
and  targets,  and  masks  on  their  faces  ;  and  with  them  comes 
likewise  a  woman  apparelled  in  white,  in  a  side-saddle,  and 
her  face  also  masked,  and  two  lackeys  that  run  with  them 
a-foot.'  '  Are  they  near  ? '  quoth  the  curate.  *  So  near,' 
replied  the  innkeeper,  '  as  they  do  now  arrive/  Dorothea 
hearing  him  say  so,  covered  her  face,  and  Cardenio  entered 
into  Don  Quixote's  chamber  ;  and  scarce  had  they  leisure 
to  do  it,  when  the  others  of  whom  the  host  spake,  entered 
into  the  inn,  and  the  four  horsemen  alighting,  which  were 
all  of  very  comely  and  gallant  disposition,  they  went  to 
help  down  the  lady  that  rode  in  the  side-saddle,  and  one 
of  them  taking  her  down  in  his  arms,  did  seat  her  in  a 
chair  that  stood  at  the  chamber  door,  into  which  Cardenio 
had  entered  :  and  all  this  while  neither  she  nor  they  took 
off  their  masks,  or  spake  a  word,  only  the  gentlewoman, 
at  her  sitting  down  in  the  chair,  breathed  forth  a  very  deep 
sigh,  and  let  fall  her  arms  like  a  sick  and  dismayed  person. 
The  lackeys  carried  away  their  horses  to  the  stable. 
Master  curate  seeing  and  noting  all  this,  and  curious  to 


12  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

know  what  they  were  that  came  to  the  inn  in  so  unwonted 
an  attire,  and  kept  such  profound  silence  therein,  went  to 
the  lackeys  and  demanded  of  one  of  them  that  which  he 
desired  to  know,  who  answered,  *  In  good  faith,  sir,  I 
cannot  tell  you  what  folk  this  is  ;  only  this  I  know,  that 
they  seem  to  be  very  noble,  but  chiefly  he  that  went  and 
took  down  the  lady  in  his  arms  that  you  see  there  ;  and 
this  I  say,  because  all  the  others  do  respect  him  very 
much,  and  nothing  is  done  but  what  he  ordains  and 
commands.'  '  And  the  lady,  what  is  she  ? '  quoth  the 
curate.  '  I  can  as  hardly  inform  you,*  quoth  the  lackey, 
'  for  I  have  not  once  seen  her  face  in  all  this  journey  ;  yet 
I  have  heard  her  often  groan  and  breathe  out  so  profound 
sighs,  as  it  seems  she  would  give  up  the  ghost  at  every 
one  of  them.  And  it  is  no  marvel  that  we  should  know 
no  more  than  we  have  said,  for  my  companion  and  myself 
have  been  in  their  company  but  two  days ;  for  they 
encountered  us  on  the  way,  and  prayed  and  persuaded  us 
to  go  with  them  unto  Andalusia,  promising  that  they 
would  recompense  our  pains  largely.'  *  And  hast  thou 
heard  them  name  one  another  ? '  said  the  curate.  *  No, 
truly,'  answered  the  lackey  ;  '  for  they  all  travel  with  such 
silence,  as  it  is  a  wonder  ;  for  you  shall  not  hear  a  word 
among,  but  the  sighs  and  throbs  of  the  poor  lady,  which 
do  move  in  us  very  great  compassion.  And  we  do 
questionless  persuade  ourselves  that  she  is  forced  where- 
soever she  goes  :  and  as  it  may  be  collected  by  her 
attire,  she  is  a  nun,  or,  as  is  most  probable,  goes  to 
be  one ;  and  perhaps  she  goeth  so  sorrowful  as  it 
seems  because  she  hath  no  desire  to  become  religious.' 
'  It  may  very  well  be  so,'  quoth  the  curate.  And  so 
leaving  them,  he  returned  to  the  place  where  he  had 
left  Dorothea  ;  who,  hearing  the  disguised  lady  to  sigh  so 
often,  moved  by  the  native  compassion  of  that  sex,  drew 
near  her  and  said,  '  What  ails  you,  good  madam  ?  I  pray 
you  think  if  it  be  any  of  those  inconveniences  to  which 
woman  be  subject,  and  whereof  they  may  have  use  and 
experience  to  cure  them,  I  do  offer  unto  you  my  service, 
assistance,  and  good-will  to  help  you,  as  much  as  lies  in 


Chap.  IX  DON   FERNANDO  13 

my  power.*  To  all  those  compliments  the  doleful  lady 
answered  nothing ;  and  although  Dorothea  made  her 
again  larger  offers  of  her  service,  yet  stood  she,  ever 
silent,  until  the  bemasked  gentleman  (whom  the  lackey 
said  the  rest  did  obey)  came  over  and  said  to  Dorothea, 
'  Lady,  do  not  trouble  yourself  to  oifer  anything  to  that 
woman,  for  she  is  of  a  most  ungrateful  nature,  and  is 
never  wont  to  gratify  any  courtesy,  nor  do  you  seek  her 
to  answer  unto  your  demands,  if  you  would  not  hear  some 
lie  from  her  mouth.'  'I  never  said  any,*  quoth  the  silent 
lady,  *  but  rather  because  I  am  so  true  and  sincere,  without 
guiles,  I  am  now  drowned  here  in  those  misfortunes  ;  and 
of  this  I  would  have  thyself  bear  witness,  seeing  my  pure 
truth  makes  thee  to  be  so  false  and  disloyal.' 

Cardenio  overheard  those  words  very  clear  and  distinctly, 
as  one  that  stood  so  near  unto  her  that  said  them,  as  only 
Don  Quixote's  chamber  door  stood  between  them.  And 
instantly  when  he  heard  them,  he  said  with  a  very  loud 
voice,  '  Good  God !  what  is  this  that  I  hear  ?  What  voice 
is  this  that  hath  touched  mine  ear.^^'  The  lady,  moved 
with  a  sudden  passion,  turned  her  head  at  those  outcries, 
and  seeing  she  could  not  perceive  him  that  gave  them,  she 
got  up,  and  would  have  entered  into  the  room,  which  the 
gentleman  espying,  withheld  her,  and  would  not  let  her 
stir  out  of  the  place :  and  with  the  alteration  and  sudden 
motion  the  mask  fell  off  her  face,  and  she  discovered 
an  incomparable  beauty,  and  an  angelical  countenance, 
although  it  was  somewhat  wan  and  pale,  and  turned  here 
and  there  with  her  eyes  to  every  place  so  earnestly  as  she 
seemed  to  be  distracted ;  which  motions,  without  knowing 
the  reason  why  they  were  made,  struck  Dorothea  and  the 
rest  that  beheld  her  into  very  great  compassion.  The 
gentleman  holding  her  very  strongly  fast  by  the  shoulders, 
the  mask  he  wore  on  his  own  face  was  falling ;  and  he 
being  so  busied  could  not  hold  it  up,  but  in  the  end  [it] 
fell  wholly.  Dorothea,  who  had  likewise  embraced  the  lady, 
lifting  up  her  eyes  by  chance,  saw  that  he  which  did  also 
embrace  the  lady  was  her  spouse  Don  Fernando ;  and 
scarce  had  she  known  him,  when,  breathing  out  a  long  and 


14  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

most  pitiful  'Alas  !'  from  the  bottom  of  her  heart,  she  fell 
backward  in  a  trance  ;  and  if  the  barber  had  not  been  by- 
good  hap  at  hand,  she  would  have  fallen  on  the  ground 
with  all  the  weight  of  her  body.  The  curate  presendy 
repaired  to  take  off  the  veil  of  her  face  and  cast  water 
thereon :  and  as  soon  as  he  did  discover  it,  Don  Fernando, 
who  was  he  indeed  that  held  fast  the  other,  knew  her,  and 
looked  like  a  dead  man  as  soon  as  he  viewed  her,  but 
did  not  all  this  while  let  go  Lucinda,  who  was  the  other 
whom  he  held  so  fast,  and  that  laboured  so  much  to  escape 
out  of  his  hands.  Cardenio  likewise  heard  the  '  Alas ! ' 
that  Dorothea  said  when  she  fell  into  a  trance,  and,  believing 
that  it  was  his  Lucinda,  issued  out  of  the  chamber  greatly 
altered,  and  the  first  he  espied  was  Don  Fernando,  which 
held  Lucinda  fast,  who  forthwith  knew  him.  And  all  the 
three — Lucinda,  Cardenio,  and  Dorothea — stood  dumb  and 
amazed,  as  folk  that  knew  not  what  had  befallen  unto  them. 
All  of  them  held  their  peace,  and  beheld  one  another ; 
Dorothea  looked  on  Don  Fernando,  Don  Fernando  on 
Cardenio,  Cardenio  on  Lucinda,  and  Lucinda  again 
on  Cardenio ;  but  Lucinda  was  the  first  that  broke  silence, 
speaking  to  Don  Fernando  in  this  manner  :  '  Leave  me 
off.  Lord  Fernando,  I  conjure  thee,  by  that  thou  shouldst 
be ;  for  that  which  thou  art,  if  thou  wilt  not  do  it  for 
any  other  respect ;  let  me  cleave  to  the  wall  whose  ivy  I 
am  ;  to  the  supporter  from  whom  neither  thy  importunity 
nor  threats,  promises  or  gifts,  could  once  deflect  me. 
Note  how  Heaven,  by  unusual,  unfrequented,  and  from 
us  concealed  ways,  hath  set  my  true  spouse  before  mine 
eyes  ;  and  thou  dost  know  well,  by  a  thousand  costly  ex- 
periences, that  only  death  is  potent  to  blot  forth  his 
remembrance  out  of  my  memory.  Let,  then,  so  manifest 
truths  be  of  power  (if  thou  must  do  none  other)  to 
convert  thine  affliction  into  rage,  and  thy  good-will  into 
despite,  and  therewithal  end  my  life  ;  for  if  I  may  render 
up  the  ghost  in  the  presence  of  my  dear  spouse,  I  shall 
account  it  fortunately  lost.  Perhaps  by  my  death  he  will 
remain  satisfied  of  the  faith  which  I  ever  kept  sincere 
towards  him  until  the  last  period  of  my  life.'     By  this 


Chap.  IX  DOROTHEA'S   APPEAL  15 

time  Dorothea  was  come  to  herself,  and  listened  to  most 
of  Luanda's  reasons,  and  by  them  came  to  the  knowledge 
of  herself.  But  seeing  Don  Fernando  did  not  yet  let  her 
depart  from  between  his  arms,  nor  answer  anything  to  her 
words,  encouraging  herself  the  best  that  she  might,  she 
arose,  and,  kneeling  at  his  feet,  and  shedding  a  number  of 
crystal  and  penetrating  tears,  she  spoke  to  him  thus  : 

*  If  it  be  not  so,  my  lord,  that  the  beams  of  that  sun 
which  thou  boldest  eclipsed  between  thine  arms  do  darken 
and  deprive  those  of  thine  eyes,  thou  mightest  have  by 
this  perceived  how  she  that  is  prostrated  at  thy  feet  is  the 
unfortunate  (until  thou  shalt  please)  and  the  disastrous 
Dorothea.  I  am  that  poor  humble  countrywoman  whom 
thou,  either  through  thy  bounty,  or  for  thy  pleasure,  didst 
deign  to  raise  to  that  height  that  she  might  call  thee  her 
own.  I  am  she  which,  some  time  immured  within  the 
limits  of  honesty,  did  lead  a  most  contented  life,  until  it 
opened  the  gates  of  her  recollection  and  wariness  to  thine 
importunity,  and  seeming  just  and  amorous  requests,  and 
rendered  up  to  thee  the  keys  of  her  liberty;  a  gift  by  thee 
so  ill  recompensed,  as  the  finding  myself  in  so  remote  a 
place  as  this  wherein  you  have  met  with  me,  and  I  seen 
you,  may  clearly  testify;  but  yet  for  all  this,  I  would  not 
have  you  to  imagine  that  I  come  here  guided  by  dishon- 
ourable steps,  being  only  hitherto  conducted  by  the  tracts 
of  dolour  and  feeling,  to  see  myself  thus  forgotten  by 
thee.  It  was  thy  will  that  I  should  be  thine  own,  and 
thou  didst  desire  it  in  such  a  manner,  as  although  now 
thou  wouldst  not  have  it  so,  yet  canst  not  thou  possibly 
leave  off  to  be  mine.  Know,  my  dear  lord,  that  the 
matchless  affections  that  I  do  bear  towards  thee  may 
recompense  and  be  equivalent  to  her  beauty  and  nobility 
for  whom  thou  dost  abandon  me. 

'  Thou  canst  not  be  the  beautiful  Lucinda's,  because 
thou  art  mine  ;  nor  she  thine,  forasmuch  as  she  belongs  to 
Cardenio  ;  and  it  will  be  more  easy,  if  you  will  note  it 
well,  to  reduce  thy  will  to  love  her  that  adores  thee,  than 
to  address  hers,  that  hates  thee,  to  bear  thee  affection. 
Thou   didst  solicit  my  recchelessness,  thou    prayedst    to 


i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

mine  integrity,  and  wast  not  ignorant  of  my  quality;  thou 
knowest  also  very  well  upon  what  terms  I  subjected  my- 
self to  thy  will,  so  as  there  remains  no  place  nor  colour  to 
term  it  a  fraud  or  deceit ;  and  all  this  being  so,  as  in  verity 
it  is,  and  that  thou  beest  as  Christian  as  thou  art  noble, 
why  dost  thou  with  these  so  many  untoward  wreathings 
dilate  the  making  of  mine  end  happy,  whose  commence- 
ment thou  didst  illustrate  so  much  ?  And  if  thou  wilt  not 
have  me  for  what  I  am,  who  am  thy  true  and  lawful 
spouse,  yet  at  least  take  and  admit  me  for  thy  slave,  for 
so  that  I  may  be  in  thy  possession  I  will  account  myself 
happy  and  fortunate.  Do  not  permit  that  by  leaving  and 
abandoning  me,  meetings  may  be  made  to  discourse  of 
my  dishonour.  Do  not  vex  thus  the  declining  years  of 
my  parents,  seeing  that  the  loyal  services  which  they  ever 
have  done  as  vassals  to  thine  deserve  not  so  [disjhonest  a 
recompense.  And  if  thou  esteemest  that  thy  blood  by 
meddling  with  mine  shall  be  stained  or  embased,  consider 
how  few  noble  houses,  or  rather  none  at  all,  are  there  in 
the  world  which  have  not  run  the  same  way,  and  that  the 
woman's  side  is  not  essentially  requisite  for  the  illustrating 
of  noble  descents.  How  much  more,  seeing  that  true 
nobility  consists  in  virtue,  which  if  it  shall  want  in  thee, 
by  refusing  that  which  thou  owest  me  so  justly,  I  shall 
remain  with  many  more  degrees  of  nobility  than  thou 
shalt.  And  in  conclusion,  that  which  I  will  lastly  say  is, 
that  whether  thou  wilt  or  no,  I  am  thy  wife ;  the  witnesses 
are  thine  own  words,  which  neither  should  nor  ought  to 
lie,  if  thou  dost  esteem  thyself  to  have  that  for  the  want 
of  which  thou  despisest  me.  Witness  shall  also  be  thine 
own  handwriting.  Witness  Heaven,  which  thou  didst 
invoke  to  bear  witness  of  that  which  thou  didst  promise 
unto  me :  and  when  all  this  shall  fail,  thy  very  conscience 
shall  never  fail  from  using  clamours,  being  silent  in  thy 
mirth  and  turning,  for  this  truth  which  I  have  said  to  thee 
now  shall  trouble  thy  greatest  pleasure  and  delight.' 

These  and  many  other  like  reasons  did  the  sweetly 
grieved  Dorothea  use  with  such  feeling,  as  all  those  that 
were  present,  as  well  such  as  accompanied  Don  Fernando, 


Chap.  IX  FERNANDO   VANQUISHED  17 

and  all  the  others  that  did  accompany  her,  shed  abundance 
of  tears.  Don  Fernando  listened  unto  her  without  reply- 
ing a  word,  until  she  had  ended  her  speech,  and  given 
beginning  to  so  many  sighs  and  sobs,  as  the  heart  that 
could  endure  to  behold  them  without  moving  were  harder 
than  brass.  Lucinda  did  also  regard  her,  no  less  com- 
passionate of  her  sorrow  than  admired  at  her  discretion 
and  beauty,  and  although  she  would  have  approached  to 
her,  and  used  some  consolatory  words,  yet  was  she 
hindered  by  Don  Fernando's  arms,  which  held  her  still 
embraced ;  who,  full  of  confusion  and  marvel,  after  he 
had  stood  very  attentively  beholding  Dorothea  a  good 
while,  opening  his  arms,  and  leaving  Lucinda  free,  said, 
'  Thou  hast  vanquished,  O  beautiful  Dorothea !  thou  hast 
vanquished  me ;  for  it  is  not  possible  to  resist  or  deny  so 
many  united  truths.'  Lucinda,  through  her  former  trance 
and  weakness,  as  Don  Fernando  left  her,  was  like  to  fall, 
if  Cardenio,  who  stood  behind  Don  Fernando  all  the 
while  lest  he  should  be  known,  shaking  off  all  fear  and 
endangering  his  person,  had  not  started  forward  to  stay 
her  from  falling;  and,  clasping  her  sweetly  between  his 
arms,  he  said,  '  If  pitiful  Heaven  be  pleased,  and  would 
have  thee  now  at  last  take  some  ease,  my  loyal,  constant, 
and  beautiful  lady,  I  presume  that  thou  canst  not  possess 
it  more  securely  than  between  these  arms  which  do  now 
receive  thee,  as  whilom  they  did  when  fortune  was  pleased 
that  I  might  call  thee  mine  own.'  And  then  Lucinda,  first 
severing  her  eyelids,  beheld  Cardenio,  and  having  first 
taken  notice  of  him  by  his  voice,  and  confirmed  it  again 
by  her  sight,  like  one  quite  distracted,  without  further 
regarding  modest  respects,  she  cast  both  her  arms  about 
his  neck,  and,  joining  her  face  to  his,  said,  '  Yea,  thou 
indeed  art  my  lord ;  thou,  the  true  owner  of  this  poor 
captive,  howsoever  adverse  fortune  shall  thwart  it,  or 
this  life,  which  is  only  sustained  and  lives  by  thine,  be 
ever  so  much  threatened.'  This  was  a  marvellous  spec- 
tacle to  Don  Fernando,  and  all  the  rest  of  the  beholders, 
which  did  universally  admire  at  this  so  unexpected  an 
event.      And   Dorothea,    perceiving    Don    Fernando    to 

II.  B 


1 8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

change  colour,  as  one  resolving  to  take  revenge  on 
Cardenio,  for  he  had  set  hand  to  his  sword,  which  she 
conjecturing,  did  with  marvellous  expedition  kneel,  and, 
catching  hold  on  his  legs,  kissing  them,  she  strained  them 
with  so  loving  embracements  as  he  could  not  stir  out  of 
the  place,  and  then,  with  her  eyes  overflown  with  tears, 
said  unto  him,  '  What  meanest  thou  to  do,  my  only  refuge 
in  this  unexpected  trance  ?  Thou  hast  here  thine  own 
spouse  at  thy  feet,  and  her  whom  thou  wouldst  fain 
possess  is  between  her  own  husband's  arms.  Judge,  then, 
whether  it  become  thee,  or  is  a  thing  possible,  to  dissolve 
that  which  Heaven  hath  knit,  or  whether  it  be  anywise 
laudable  to  endeavour  to  raise  and  equal  to  thyself  her 
who,  contemning  all  dangers  and  inconveniences,  and 
confirmed  in  faith  and  constancy,  doth  in  thy  presence 
bathe  her  eyes  with  amorous  liquor  of  her  true  love's  face 
and  bosom.  I  desire  thee  for  God's  sake,  and  by  thine 
own  worths  I  request  thee,  that  this  so  notorious  a 
verity  may  not  only  assuage  thy  choler,  but  also  diminish 
it  in  such  sort,  as  thou  mayst  quietly  and  peaceably 
permit  those  two  lovers  to  enjoy  their  desires  without 
any  encumbrance  all  the  time  that  Heaven  shall  grant  it 
to  them ;  and  herein  thou  shalt  show  the  generosity  of 
thy  magnanimous  and  noble  breast,  and  give  the  world  to 
understand  how  reason  prevaileth  in  thee,  and  domineereth 
over  passion.'  All  the  time  that  Dorothea  spoke  thus  to 
Don  Fernando,  although  Cardenio  held  Lucinda  between 
his  arms,  yet  did  he  never  take  his  eyes  off  Don  Fernando, 
with  resolution  that  if  he  did  see  him  once  stir  in  his 
prejudice,  he  would  labour  both  to  defend  himself  and 
offend  his  adversary  and  all  those  who  should  join  with 
him  to  do  him  any  harm,  as  much  as  he  could,  although 
it  were  with  the  rest  of  his  life.  But  Don  Fernando's 
friends,  the  curate  and  barber,  that  were  present  and  saw 
all  that  was  passed,  repaired  in  the  mean  season,  without 
omitting  the  good  Sancho  Panza,  and  all  of  them  together 
compassed  Don  Fernando,  entreating  him  to  have  regard 
of  the  beautiful  Dorothea's  tears,  and  it  being  true  (as 
they  believed  it  was)  that  she  had  said,  he  should  not 


Chap.  IX  FERNANDO   VANQUISHED  19 

permit  her  to  remain  defrauded  of  her  so  just  and  lawful 
hopes,  assuring  him  that  it  was  not  by  chance,  but  rather 
by  the  particular  providence  and  disposition  of  the  heavens, 
that  they  had  all  met  together  so  unexpectedly ;  and  that 
he  should  remember,  as  master  curate  said  very  well,  that 
only  death  could  sever  Lucinda  from  her  Cardenio ;  and 
that  although  the  edge  of  a  sword  might  divide  and  part 
them  asunder,  yet  in  that  case  they  would  account  their 
death  most  happy ;  and  that,  in  irremediless  events,  it  was 
highest  prudence,  by  straining  and  overcoming  himself, 
to  show  a  generous  mind,  and  that  he  might  conquer  his 
own  will,  by  permitting  these  two  to  enjoy  that  good 
which  Heaven  had  already  granted  to  them ;  and  that  he 
should  turn  his  eyes  to  behold  the  beauty  of  Dorothea, 
and  he  should  see  that  few  or  none  could  for  feature 
paragon  with  her,  and  much  less  excel  her;  and  that  he 
should  confer  her  humility  and  extreme  love  which  she 
bore  to  him  with  her  other  endowments :  and  principally, 
that  if  he  gloried  in  the  titles  of  nobility  or  Christianity, 
he  could  not  do  any  other  than  accomplish  the  promise 
that  he  had  passed  to  her ;  and  that  by  fulfilling  it  he 
should  please  God  and  satisfy  discreet  persons,  which 
know  very  well  how  it  is  a  special  prerogative  of  beauty, 
though  it  be  in  an  humble  and  mean  subject,  if  it  be 
consorted  with  modesty  and  virtue,  to  exalt  and  equal 
itself  to  any  dignity,  without  disparagement  of  him  which 
doth  help  to  raise  or  unite  it  to  himself;  and  when  the 
strong  laws  of  delight  are  accomplished  (so  that  there 
intercur  no  sin  in  the  acting  thereof),  he  is  not  to  be  con- 
demned which  doth  follow  them.  Finally,  they  added 
to  these  reasons  others  so  many  and  forcible,  that  the 
valorous  breast  of  Don  Fernando  (as  commonly  all  those 
that  are  warmed  and  nourished  by  noble  blood  are  wont) 
was  mollified,  and  permitted  itself  to  be  vanquished  by  that 
truth  which  he  could  not  deny  though  he  would.  And  the 
token  that  he  gave  of  his  being  overcome,  was  to  stoop 
down  and  embrace  Dorothea,  saying  unto  her,  *  Arise,  lady ; 
for  it  is  not  just  that  she  be  prostrate  at  my  feet  whose 
image  I  have  erected  in  my  mind.     And  if  I  have  not 


20  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

hitherto  given  demonstrations  of  what  I  now  aver,  it  hath 
perhaps  befallen  through  the  disposition  of  Heaven,  to  the 
end  I  might,  by  noting  the  constancy  and  faith  where- 
withal thou  dost  affect  me,  know  after  how  to  value  and 
esteem  thee  according  unto  thy  merits.  And  that  which 
in  recompense  thereof  I  do  entreat  of  thee  is,  that  thou  wilt 
excuse  in  me  mine  ill  manner  of  proceeding  and  exceeding 
carelessness  in  repaying  thy  good-will ;  for  the  very 
occasion  and  violent  passions  that  made  me  to  accept  thee 
as  mine,  the  very  same  did  also  impel  me  again  not  to  be 
thine :  and  for  the  more  verifying  of  mine  assertion,  do 
but  once  behold  the  eyes  of  the  now  contented  Lucinda, 
and  thou  mayst  read  in  them  a  thousand  excuses  for  mine 
error ;  and  seeing  she  hath  found  and  obtained  her  heart's 
desire,  and  I  have  in  thee  also  gotten  what  is  most  con- 
venient— for  I  wish  she  may  live  securely  and  joyfully 
many  and  happy  years  with  her  Cardenio :  for  I  will  pray 
the  same,  that  it  will  license  me  to  enjoy  my  beloved 
Dorothea.'  And  saying  so,  he  embraced  her  again,  and 
joined  his  face  to  hers  with  so  lovely  motion,  as  it  con- 
strained him  to  hold  watch  over  his  tears,  lest  violently 
bursting  forth,  they  should  give  doubtless  arguments  of  his 
fervent  love  and  remorse. 

Cardenio,  Lucinda,  and  almost  all  the  rest  could  not  do 
so,  for  the  greater  number  of  them  shed  so  many  tears, 
some  for  their  private  contentment,  and  others  for  their 
friends,  as  it  seemed  that  some  grievous  and  heavy  mis- 
fortune had  betided  them  all;  even  very  Sancho  Panza 
wept,  although  he  excused  it  afterward,  saying  that  he 
wept  only  because  that  he  saw  that  Dorothea  was  not  the 
Queen  Micomicona,  as  he  had  imagined,  of  whom  he 
hoped  to  have  received  so  great  gifts  and  favours.  The 
admiration  and  tears  joined,  endured  in  them  all  for  a 
pretty  space ;  and  presently  after,  Cardenio  and  Lucinda 
went  and  kneeled  to  Don  Fernando,  yielding  him  thanks 
for  the  favour  that  he  had  done  to  them,  with  so  courteous 
compliments  as  he  knew  not  what  to  answer,  and  therefore 
lifted  them  up,  and  embraced  them  with  very  great  affection 
and  kindness,  and  presently  after  he  demanded  of  Dorothea 


Chap.  IX  FERNANDO   VANQUISHED  21 

how  she  came  to  that  place,  so  far  from  her  own  dwelling. 
And  she  recounted  unto  him  all  that  she  had  told  to 
Cardenio ;  whereat  Don  Fernando  and  those  which  came 
with  him  took  so  great  delight,  as  they  could  have  wished 
that  her  story  had  continued  a  longer  time  in  the  telling 
than  it  did — so  great  was  Dorothea's  grace  in  setting  out 
her  misfortunes.  And  as  soon  as  she  had  ended,  Don 
Fernando  told  all  that  had  befallen  him  in  the  city,  after 
that  he  had  found  the  scroll  in  Lucinda's  bosom,  wherein 
she  declared  Cardenio  to  be  her  husband,  and  that  he 
therefore  could  not  marry  her ;  and  also  how  he  attempted 
to  kill  her,  and  would  have  done  it,  were  it  not  that  her 
parents  hindered  him  ;  and  that  he  therefore  departed 
out  of  the  house,  full  of  shame  and  despite,  with  resolu- 
tion to  revenge  himself  more  commodiously  ;  and  how 
he  understood  the  next  day  following,  how  Lucinda  was 
secretly  departed  from  her  father's  house,  and  gone  nobody 
knew  where,  but  that  he  finally  learned  within  a  few 
months  after,  that  she  had  entered  into  a  certain 
monastery,  with  intention  to  remain  there  all  the  days 
of  her  life,  if  she  could  not  pass  them  with  Cardenio  ; 
and  that  as  soon  as  he  had  learned  that,  choosing  those 
three  gentlemen  for  his  associates,  he  came  to  the  place 
where  she  was,  but  would  not  speak  to  her,  fearing  lest 
that,  as  soon  as  they  knew  of  his  being  there,  they  would 
increase  the  guards  of  the  monastery ;  and  therefore 
expected  until  he  found  on  a  day  the  gates  of  the 
monastery  open,  and  leaving  two  of  his  fellows  to  keep 
the  door,  he  with  the  other  entered  into  the  abbey  in 
Lucinda's  search,  whom  they  found  talking  with  a  nun  in 
the  cloister  ;  and,  snatching  her  away  ere  she  could  retire 
herself,  they  brought  her  to  a  certain  village,  where  they 
disguised  themselves  in  that  sort  they  were  ;  for  so  it  was 
requisite  for  to  bring  her  away  :  all  which  they  did  with 
the  more  facility,  that  the  monastery  was  seated  abroad  in 
the  fields,  a  good  way  from  any  village.  He  likewise  told 
that,  as  soon  as  Lucinda  saw  herself  in  his  power,  she 
fell  into  a  swoon  ;  and  that,  after  she  had  returned  to 
herself,  she  never  did  any  other  thing  but  weep  and  sigh, 


22  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

without  speaking  a  word  ;  and  that  in  that  manner, 
accompanied  with  silence  and  tears,  they  had  arrived  to 
that  inn,  which  was  to  him  as  grateful  as  an  arrival  to 
heaven,  wherein  all  earthly  mishaps  are  concluded  and 
finished. 


CHAPTER  X 

Wherein  is  Prosecuted  the  History  of  the  Famous  Princess 
Micomicona^  with  other  Delightful  Adventures 

Sancho  gave  ear  to  all  this  with  no  small  grief  of  mind, 
seeing  that  all  the  hopes  of  his  lordship  vanished  away 
like  smoke,  and  that  the  fair  Princess  Micomicona  was 
turned  into  Dorothea,  and  the  giant  into  Don  Fernando, 
and  that  his  master  slept  so  soundly,  and  careless  of  all 
that  had  happened.  Dorothea  could  not  yet  assure 
herself  whether  the  happiness  that  she  possessed  was  a 
dream  or  no.  Cardenio  was  in  the  very  same  taking,  and 
also  Lucinda's  thoughts  ran  the  same  race. 

Don  Fernando  yielded  many  thanks  to  Heaven  for 
having  dealt  with  him  so  propitiously,  and  unwinding 
him  out  of  the  intricate  labyrinth,  wherein  straying,  he 
was  at  the  point  to  have  at  once  lost  his  soul  and  credit. 
And  finally,  as  many  as  were  in  the  inn  were  very  glad 
and  joyful  of  the  success  of  so  thwart,  intricate,  and 
desperate  affairs.  The  curate  compounded  and  ordered 
all  things  through  his  discretion,  and  congratulated  every 
one  of  the  good  he  obtained.  But  she  that  kept  greatest 
jubilee  and  joy  was  the  hostess,  for  the  promise  that 
Cardenio  and  the  curate  had  made,  to  pay  her  the  damages 
and  harms  committed  by  Don  Quixote  ;  only  Sancho,  as 
we  have  said,  was  afflicted,  unfortunate,  and  sorrowful. 
And  thus  he  entered  with  melancholy  semblance  to  his 
lord,  who  did  but  then  awake,  and  said  unto  him, — 

'  Well  and  securely  may  you  sleep,  sir  knight  of  the 
heavy  countenance,  as  long  as  it   shall    please  yourself, 


Chap.  X        SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  23 

without  troubling  yourself  with  any  care  of  killing  any 
giant,  or  of  restoring  the  queen  to  her  kingdom ;  for  all  is 
concluded  and  done  already/  '  I  believe  thee  very  easily/ 
replied  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  I  have  had  the  monstrousest 
and  most  terrible  battle  with  that  giant  that  ever  I  think 
to  have  all  the  days  of  my  life  with  any;  and  yet  with 
one  thwart  blow,  thwack  I  overthrew  his  head  to  the 
ground,  and  there  issued  so  much  blood  as  the  streams 
thereof  ran  along  the  earth  as  if  they  were  of  water/  '  As 
if  they  were  of  red  wine,  you  might  better  have  said,* 
replied  Sancho  Panza ;  '  for  I  would  let  you  to  understand, 
if  you  know  it  not  already,  that  the  dead  giant  is  a  bored 
wine-bag,  and  the  blood  six-and-thirty  gallons  of  red  wine, 
which  it  contained  in  its  belly.  The  head  that  was  slashed 
off  so  neatly  is  the  whore  my  mother ;  and  let  the  devil 
take  all  away  for  me  ! '  '  And  what  is  this  thou  sayst, 
madman  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Art  thou  in  thy  right 
wits  ? '  '  Get  up,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  and  you  yourself 
shall  see  the  fair  stuff  you  have  made,  and  what  we  have 
to  pay ;  and  you  shall  behold  the  queen  transformed  into 
a  particular  lady,  called  Dorothea,  with  other  successes, 
which  if  you  may  once  conceive  them  aright  will  strike 
you  into  admiration.'  *  I  would  marvel  at  nothing,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote ;  '  for  if  thou  beest  well  remembered,  I  told 
thee  the  other  time  that  we  were  here,  how  all  that  suc- 
ceeded in  this  place  was  done  by  enchantment.  And  what 
wonder,  then,  if  now  the  like  should  eftsoons  befall  ?'  *  I 
could  easily  be  induced  to  believe  all,'  replied  Sancho,  '  if 
my  canvassing  in  the  coverlet  were  of  that  nature.  But 
indeed  it  was  not,  but  most  real  and  certain.  And  I  saw 
well  how  the  innkeeper  that  is  here  yet  this  very  day  alive, 
held  one  end  of  the  coverlet,  and  did  toss  me  up  towards 
heaven  with  very  good  grace  and  strength,  no  less  merrily 
than  lightly.  And  where  the  notice  of  parties  intercurs,  I 
do  believe,  although  I  am  a  simple  man  and  a  sinner,  that 
there  is  no  kind  of  enchantment,  but  rather  much  trouble, 
bruising,  and  misfortune.'  *  Well,  God  will  remedy  all,' 
said  Don  Quixote.  '  And  give  me  mine  apparel ;  for  I 
will  get  up  and  go  forth,  and   see   those  successes  and 


24  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

transformations  which  thou  speakest  of/  Sancho  gave 
him  his  clothes ;  and  whilst  he  was  a-making  of  him  ready, 
the  curate  recounted  to  Don  Fernando  and  to  the  rest 
Don  Quixote's  mad  pranks,  and  the  guile  he  had  used  to 
bring  him  away  out  of  the  Poor  Rock,  wherein  he 
imagined  that  he  lived  exiled  through  the  disdain  of  his 
lady.  He  told  them,  moreover,  all  the  other  adventures 
which  Sancho  had  discovered,  whereat  they  did  laugh  not 
a  little,  and  wonder  withal,  because  it  seemed  to  them  all 
to  be  one  of  the  extravagantest  kinds  of  madness  that 
ever  befel  a  distracted  brain.  The  curate  also  added,  that 
seeing  the  good  success  of  the  Lady  Dorothea  did  im- 
peach the  further  prosecuting  of  their  design,  that  it  was 
requisite  to  invent  and  find  some  other  way  how  to  carry 
him  home  to  his  own  village.  Cardenio  offered  himself 
to  prosecute  the  adventure,  and  Lucinda  should  represent 
Dorothea's  person.  '  No,'  quoth  Don  Fernando,  '  it  shall 
not  be  so ;  for  I  will  have  Dorothea  to  prosecute  her  own 
invention  :  for  so  that  the  village  of  this  good  gentleman 
be  not  very  far  off  from  hence,  I  will  be  very  glad  to  pro- 
cure his  remedy.'  '  It  is  no  more  than  two  days'  journey 
from  hence,'  said  the  curate.  '  Well,  though'  it  were 
more,'  replied  Don  Fernando,  '  I  would  be  pleased  to 
travel  them,  in  exchange  of  doing  so  good  a  work.'  Don 
Quixote  sallied  out  at  this  time  completely  armed  with 
Mambrino's  helmet  (although  with  a  great  hole  in  it)  on 
his  head,  his  target  on  his  arm,  and  leaned  on  his  trunk 
or  javelin.  His  strange  countenance  and  gait  amazed 
Don  Fernando  and  his  companions  very  much,  seeing  his 
ill-favoured  visage  so  withered  and  yellow,  the  inequality 
and  unsuitability  of  his  arms,  and  his  grave  manner  of 
proceeding ;  and  stood  all  silent  to  see  what  he  would ; 
who,  casting  his  eyes  on  the  beautiful  Dorothea,  with  very 
great  gravity  and  staidness,  said, — 

*  I  am  informed,  beautiful  lady,  by  this  my  squire,  that 
your  greatness  is  annihilated,  and  your  being  destroyed ; 
for  of  a  queen  and  mighty  princess  which  you  were  wont 
to  be,  you  are  now  become  a  particular  damsel ;  which  if 
it  hath  been  done  by  particular  order  of  the  magical  king 


Chap.X     DON   QUIXOTE   AND   DOROTHEA  25 

your  father,  dreading  that  I  would  not  be  able  to  give  you 
the  necessary  and  requisite  help  for  your  restitution,  I  say 
that  he  neither  knew  nor  doth  know  the  one  half  of  the 
enterprise,  and  that  he  was  very  little  acquainted  with 
histories  of  chivalry ;  for  if  he  had  read  them,  or  passed 
them  over  with  so  great  attention  and  leisure  as  I  have 
done,  and  read  them,  he  should  have  found  at  every  other 
step,  how  other  knights  of  a  great  deal  less  fame  than 
myself  have  ended  more  desperate  adventures,  seeing  it  is 
not  so  great  a  matter  to  kill  a  giant,  be  he  ever  so  arro- 
gant ;  for  it  is  not  many  hours  since  I  myself  fought  with 
one,  and  what  ensued  I  will  not  say,  lest  they  should  tell 
me  that  I  do  lie ;  but  time,  the  detector  of  all  things,  will 
disclose  it,  when  we  do  least  think  thereof/ 

'  Thou  foughtest  with  two  wine-bags,  and  not  with  a 
giant,'  quoth  the  host  at  this  season.  But  Don  Fernando 
commanded  him  to  be  silent  and  not  interrupt  Don 
Quixote  in  any  wise,  who  prosecuted  his  speech,  saying, 
'  In  fine,  I  say,  high  and  disinherited  lady,  that  if  your 
father  hath  made  this  metamorphosis  in  your  person  for 
the  causes  related,  give  him  no  credit ;  for  there  is  no  peril 
so  great  on  earth  but  my  sword  shall  open  a  way  through 
it,  wherewithal  I,  overthrowing  your  enemy's  head  to  the 
ground,  will  set  your  crown  on  your  own  head  within  a 
few  days/  Here  Don  Quixote  held  his  peace,  and 
awaited  the  princess  her  answer,  who,  knowing  Don 
Fernando's  determination  and  will  that  she  should  con- 
tinue the  commenced  guile  until  Don  Quixote  were  carried 
home  again,  answered,  with  a  very  good  grace  and  counte- 
nance, in  this  manner  :  *  Whosoever  informed  you, 
valorous  Knight  of  the  Ill-favoured  Face,  that  I  have 
altered  and  changed  my  being,  hath  not  told  you  the 
truth,  for  I  am  the  very  same  to-day  that  I  was  yester- 
day; true  it  is,  that  some  unexpected  yet  fortunate 
successes  have  wrought  some  alteration  in  me,  by  bestow- 
ing on  me  better  hap  than  I  hoped  for,  or  could  wish 
myself;  but  yet  for  all  that  I  have  not  left  off  to  be  that 
which  [I  was]  before,  or  to  have  the  very  same  thoughts 
which  I  ever  had,  to  help  myself  by  the  valour  of  your  most 


26  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

valorous  and  invincible  arm.  And  therefore  I  request 
you,  good  my  lord,  of  your  accustomed  bounty,  to  return 
my  father  his  honour  again,  and  account  of  him  as  of  a 
very  discreet  and  prudent  man,  seeing  that  he  found  by 
this  skill  so  easy  and  so  infallible  a  way  to  redress  my 
disgraces ;  for  I  do  certainly  believe,  that  if  it  had  not 
been  by  your  means,  I  should  never  have  happened  to 
attain  to  the  good  fortune  which  now  I  possess,  as  all 
those  noblemen  present  may  witness ;  what  therefore  rests 
is,  that  to-morrow  morning  we  do  set  forward,  for  to-day 
is  now  already  so  overgone  as  we  should  not  be  able  to 
travel  very  far  from  hence.  As  for  the  conclusion  of  the 
good  success  that  I  do  hourly  expect,  I  refer  that  to  God 
and  the  valour  of  your  invincible  arm.' 

Thus  much  the  discreet  Dorothea  said ;  and  Don 
Quixote  having  heard  her,  he  turned  him  to  Sancho,  with 
very  manifest  tokens  of  indignation,  and  said,  '  Now  I  say 
unto  thee,  little  Sancho,  that  thou  art  the  veriest  rascal  that 
is  in  all  Spain.  Tell  me,  thief  and  vagabond,  didst  not 
thou  but  even  very  now  say  unto  me  that  this  princess  was 
turned  into  a  damsel,  and  that  called  Dorothea  ?  and  that 
the  head  which  I  thought  I  had  slashed  from  a  giant's 
shoulders  was  the  whore  that  bore  thee  ?  with  a  thousand 
other  follies,  which  did  plunge  me  into  the  greatest 
confusion  that  ever  I  was  in  in  my  life  ?  I  vow '  (and 
then  he  looked  upon  heaven,  and  did  crash  his  teeth 
together)  '  that  I  am  about  to  make  such  a  wreck  on  thee, 
as  shall  beat  wit  into  the  pates  of  all  the  lying  squires  that 
shall  ever  hereafter  serve  knights-errant  in  this  world.'  *I 
pray  you  have  patience,  good  my  lord,'  ansv/ered  Sancho, 
*  for  it  may  very  well  befall  me  to  be  deceived  in  that  which 
toucheth  the  transmutation  of  the  lady  and  Princess 
Micomicona  ;  but  in  that  which  concerneth  the  giant's 
head,  or  at  least  the  boring  of  the  wine-bags,  and  that  the 
blood  was  but  red  wine  I  am  not  deceived,  I  swear  ;  for 
the  bags  lie  yet  wounded  there  within  at  your  own  bed's 
head,  and  the  red  wine  hath  made  a  lake  in  the  chamber  ; 
and  if  it  be  not  so,  it  shall  be  perceived  at  the  frying  of  the 
eggs,  I  mean  that  you  shall  see  it  when  master  innkeeper's 


Chap.  X  NEW   ARRIVALS  27 

worship,  who  is  here  present,  shall  demand  the  loss  and 
damage.'  '  I  say  thee,  Sancho,*  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
thou  art  a  madcap  ;  pardon  me,  and  so  it  is  enough.'  '  It 
is  enough  indeed,'  quoth  Don  Fernando,  *  and  therefore 
let  me  entreat  you  to  say  no  more  of  this,  and  seeing  my 
lady  the  princess  says  she  will  go  away  to-morrow,  seeing 
it  is  now  too  late  to  depart  to-day,  let  it  be  so  agreed  on, 
and  we  will  spend  this  night  in  pleasant  discourses,  until 
the  approach  of  the  ensuing  day,  wherein  we  will  all 
accompany  and  attend  on  the  worthy  knight  Sir  Don 
Quixote,  because  we  would  be  eye-witnesses  of  the  valorous 
and  unmatchable  feats  of  arms  which  he  shall  do  in  the 
pursuit  of  this  weighty  enterprise  which  he  hath  taken 
upon  him.'  '  I  am  he  that  will  serve  and  accompany  you, 
good  my  lord,'  replied  Don  Quixote  ;  '  and  I  do  highly 
gratify  the  honour  that  is  done  me,  and  the  good  opinion 
that  is  held  of  me,  the  which  I  will  endeavour  to  verify 
and  approve,  or  it  shall  cost  me  my  life,  or  more,  if  more 
it  might  cost  me.' 

Many  other  words  of  compliment  and  gratification 
passed  between  Don  Quixote  and  Don  Fernando,  but  a 
certain  passenger  imposed  silence  to  them  all,  by  his  arrival 
to  the  inn  in  that  very  season,  who  by  his  attire  showed 
that  he  was  a  Christian  newly  returned  from  among  the 
Moors,  for  he  was  apparelled  with  a  short-skirted  cassock 
of  blue  cloth,  sleeves  reaching  down  half  the  arm,  and 
without  a  collar  ;  his  breeches  were  likewise  of  blue  linen, 
and  he  wore  a  bonnet  of  the  same  colour,  a  pair  of  date- 
coloured  buskins,  and  a  Turkish  scimitar  hanging  at  his 
neck  in  a  scarf,  which  went  athwart  his  breast.  There 
entered  after  him,  riding  on  an  ass,  a  woman  clad  like  a 
Moor,  and  her  face  covered  with  a  piece  of  the  veil  of  her 
head ;  she  wore  on  her  head  a  little  cap  of  cloth  of  gold,  and 
was  covered  with  a  little  Turkish  mantle  from  the  shoulders 
down  to  the  feet.  The  man  was  of  strong  and  comely 
making,  of  the  age  of  forty  years  or  thereabouts  ;  his 
face  was  somewhat  tanned,  he  had  long  mustachios  and 
a  very  handsome  beard  ;  to  conclude,  his  making  was  such 
as,  if  he  were  well  attired,  men  would  take  him  to  be  a 


28  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

person  of  quality  and  good  birth.  He  demanded  a 
chamber  as  soon  as  he  had  entered,  and  being  answered 
that  there  was  no  one  vacant  in  the  inn,  he  seemed  to  be 
grieved,  and  coming  to  her  which  in  her  attire  denoted 
herself  to  be  a  Moor,  he  took  her  down  from  her  ass. 
Lucinda,  Dorothea,  the  hostess,  her  daughter,  and  Mari- 
tornes,  allured  to  behold  the  new  and  strange  attire  of  the 
Moor,  compassed  her  about ;  and  Dorothea,  who  was 
always  most  gracious,  courteous,  and  discreet,  deeming 
that  both  she  and  he  that  had  brought  her  were  discon- 
tented for  the  want  of  a  lodging,  she  said,  '  Lady,  be  not 
grieved  for  the  trouble  you  are  here  like  to  endure  for 
want  of  means  to  refresh  yourself,  seeing  it  is  an  universal 
vice  of  all  inns  to  be  defective  herein  ;  yet  notwithstanding, 
if  it  shall  please  you  to  pass  away  the  time  among  us ' 
(pointing  to  Lucinda),  '  perhaps  you  have  met  in  the 
discourse  of  your  travels  other  worse  places  of  entertain- 
ment than  this  shall  prove.'  The  disguised  lady  made 
none  answer,  nor  other  thing  than  arising  from  the  place 
wherein  she  sat,  and  setting  both  her  arms  across  on  her 
bosom,  she  inclined  her  head  and  bowed  her  body,  in 
sign  that  she  rendered  them  thanks  ;  by  her  silence  they 
doubtlessly  conjectured  her  to  be  a  Moor,  and  that  she 
could  not  speak  the  Castilian  tongue.  On  this  the  Captive 
arrived,  who  was  otherwise  employed  until  then,  and, 
seeing  that  they  all  had  environed  her  that  came  with  him, 
and  that  she  made  no  answer  to  their  speech,  he  said, 
'  Ladies,  this  maiden  scarce  understands  my  tongue  yet, 
nor  doth  she  know  any  other  than  that  of  her  own  country, 
and  therefore  she  hath  not,  nor  can  make  any  answer  to 
your  demands.'  '  We  demand  nothing  of  her,'  quoth 
Lucinda,  *  but  only  do  make  her  an  offer  of  our  companies 
for  this  night,  and  part  of  the  room  where  we  ourselves 
are  to  be  accommodated,  where  she  shall  be  cherished  up 
as  much  as  the  commodity  of  this  place,  and  the  obligation 
wherein  we  be  tied  to  show  courtesies  to  strangers  that  may 
want  it,  do  bind  us  ;  especially  she  being  a  woman  to 
whom  we  may  do  this  service.'  '  Sweet  lady,  I  kiss  your 
hands  both  for  her  and  myself,'  replied  the  Captive ;  *  and 


Chap.  X  THE   CAPTIVE  29 

I  do  highly  prize,  as  it  deserveth,  the  favour  you  have 
proffered,  v^hich  in  such  an  occasion,  and  offered  by  such 
persons  as  you  seem  to  be,  doth  very  plainly  show  how 
great  it  is/  '  Tell  me,  good  sir,'  quoth  Dorothea, 
'  whether  is  this  lady  a  Christian  or  a  Moor  ?  for  by 
her  attire  and  silence  she  makes  us  suspect  that  she  is 
that  we  would  not  wish  she  were/  '  A  Moor  she  is  in 
attire  and  body,*  answered  the  Captive  ;  '  but  in  mind 
she  is  a  very  fervent  Christian,  for  she  hath  very  expressly 
desired  to  become  one.'  '  Then  she  is  not  yet  baptised  ? ' 
said  Lucinda.  *  There  hath  been  no  opportunity  offered 
to  us,'  quoth  the  Captive,  '  to  christen  her,  since  she 
departed  from  Algiers,  which  is  her  town  and  country  ; 
and  since  that  time  she  was  not  in  any  so  eminent  a 
danger  of  death  as  might  oblige  her  to  be  baptised  before 
she  were  first  instructed  in  all  the  ceremonies  which  our 
holy  mother,  the  Church,  commandeth  ;  but  I  hope  shortly 
(if  it  shall  please  God)  to  see  her  baptised  with  that  decency 
which  her  quality  and  calling  deserves,  which  is  greater 
than  her  attire  or  mine  makes  show  of.' 

These  words  inflamed  all  the  hearers  with  a  great  desire 
to  know  who  the  Moor  and  her  captive  were,  yet  none  of 
them  would  at  that  time  entreat  him  to  satisfy  their  long- 
ing, because  the  season  rather  invited  them  to  take  some 
order  how  they  might  rest  after  their  travels,  than  to 
demand  of  them  the  discourse  of  their  lives.  Dorothea, 
then,  taking  her  by  the  hand,  caused  her  to  sit  down  by 
herself,  and  prayed  her  to  take  off  the  veil  from  her  face. 
She  instantly  beheld  the  Captive,  as  if  she  demanded  of 
him  what  they  said,  and  he  in  the  Arabical  language  told 
her  how  they  desired  her  to  discover  her  face,  and  bade 
her  to  do  it ;  which  presently  she  did,  and  discovered  so 
beautiful  a  visage  as  Dorothea  esteemed  her  to  be  fairer 
than  Lucinda,  and  Lucinda  prized  her  to  excel  Dorothea ; 
and  all  the  beholders  perceived  that  if  any  one  could 
surpass  them  both  in  beauty,  it  was  the  Moor  ;  and  there 
were  some  that  thought  she  excelled  them  both  in  some 
respects.  And  as  beauty  hath  evermore  the  prerogative 
and  grace  to  reconcile  men's  minds  and  attract  their  wills 


30  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  it,  so  all  of  them  forthwith  dedicated  their  desires  to 
serve,  and  make  much  of  the  lovely  Moor.  Don  Fernando 
demanded  of  the  Captive  how  she  was  called,  and  he 
answered  that  her  name  was  Lela  Zoraida  ;  and  as  soon  as 
she  heard  him,  and  understood  what  they  had  demanded, 
she  suddenly  answered  with  anguish,  but  yet  with  a  very 
good  grace,  '  No,  not  Zoraida,  but  Maria,'  giving  them  to 
understand  that  she  was  called  Maria,  and  not  Zoraida. 

These  words,  and  the  great  effect  and  vehemency 
wherewithal  the  Moor  delivered  them,  extorted  more 
than  one  tear  from  the  hearers,  especially  from  the  women, 
who  are  naturally  tender-hearted  and  compassive.  Lucinda 
embraced  her  then  with  great  love,  and  said,  ^  Ay,  ay, 
Maria,  Maria.'  To  which  she  answered,  '  Ay,  ay,  Maria, 
Zoraida  mancange  ; '  that  is,  '  and  not  Zoraida.'  By  this 
it  was  grown  some  four  of  the  clock  in  the  afternoon  ; 
and  by  order  of  those  which  were  Don  Fernando's  com- 
panions, the  innkeeper  had  provided  for  them  as  good  a 
beaver  as  the  inn  could  in  any  wise  afford  unto  them. 
Therefore,  it  being  the  hour,  they  sat  down  altogether  at 
a  long  table  (for  there  was  never  a  square  or  round  one  in 
all  the  house),  and  they  gave  the  first  and  principal  end 
(although  he  refused  it  as  much  as  he  could)  to  Don 
Quixote,  who  commanded  that  the  Lady  Micomicona 
should  sit  at  his  elbow,  seeing  he  was  her  champion. 
Presently  were  placed  Lucinda  and  Zoraida,  and  Don 
Fernando  and  Cardenio  right  over  against  them,  and  after 
the  Captive  and  other  gentlemen,  and  on  the  other  side 
the  curate  and  barber.  And  thus  they  made  their  drink- 
ing with  very  great  recreation,  which  was  the  more 
augmented  to  see  Don  Quixote  leaving  of  his  meat,  and, 
moved  by  the  like  spirit  of  that  which  had  made  him  once 
before  talk  so  much  to  the  goatherds,  begin  to  offer  them 
an  occasion  of  speech  in  this  manner  : 

'  Truly,  good  sirs,  if  it  be  well  considered,  those  which 
profess  the  order  of  knighthood  do  see  many  great  and 
unexpected  things.  If  it  be  not  so,  say  what  mortal  man 
alive  is  there  that,  entering  in  at  this  castle  gate,  and  seeing 
of  us  all  in  the  manner  we  be  now  present  here,  can  judge 


Chap.  X         DON   QUIXOTE'S   DISCOURSE  31 

or  believe  that  we  are  those  which  we  be  ?  Who  is  it 
that  can  say  that  this  lady  which  sits  here  at  my  sleeve  is 
the  great  queen  that  we  all  know  her  to  be,  and  that  I  am 
that  Knight  of  the  Heavy  Countenance  that  am  so  much 
blabbed  of  abroad  by  the  mouth  of  fame  ?  therefore  it 
cannot  be  now  doubted,  but  that  this  art  and  exercise 
excelleth  all  the  others  which  ever  human  wit,  the  under- 
miner  of  nature,  invented  ;  and  it  is  the  more  to  be  prized, 
by  how  much  it  exposeth  itself,  more  than  other  trades, 
to  dangers  and  inconveniences.  Away  with  those  that 
shall  affirm  learning  to  surpass  arms  ;  for  I  will  say  unto 
them,  be  they  what  they  list,  that  they  know  not  what  they 
say ;  for  the  reason  which  such  men  do  most  urge,  and  to 
which  they  do  most  rely,  is,  that  the  travails  of  the  spirit 
do  far  exceed  those  of  the  body  ;  and  that  the  use  of  arms 
are  only  exercised  by  the  body,  as  if  it  were  an  office  fit 
for  porters,  for  which  nothing  were  requisite  but  bodily 
forces  ;  or  as  if  in  that  which  we  that  profess  it  do  call 
arms,  were  not  included  the  acts  of  fortitude  which  require 
deep  understanding  to  execute  them  ;  or  as  if  the  warrior's 
mind  did  not  labour  as  well  as  his  body,  who  had  a  great 
army  to  lead  and  command,  or  the  defence  of  a  besieged 
city.  If  not,  see  if  he  can  arrive  by  his  corporal  strength 
to  know  or  sound  the  intent  of  his  enemy,  the  designs, 
stratagems,  and  difficulties,  how  to  prevent  imminent 
dangers,  all  these  being  operations  of  the  understanding 
wherein  the  body  hath  no  meddling  at  all.  It  being 
therefore  so,  that  the  exercise  of  arms  requires  spirit  as 
well  as  those  of  learning,  let  us  now  examine  which  of  the 
two  spirits,  that  of  the  scholar  or  soldier,  do  take  most 
pains  ;  and  this  may  be  best  understood  by  the  end  to 
which  both  of  them  are  addressed ;  for  that  intention  is  most 
to  be  esteemed  which  hath  for  object  the  most  noble  end. 
The  end  and  conclusion  of  learning  is — I  speak  not  now 
of  divinity,  whose  scope  is  to  lead  and  address  souls  to 
heaven  ;  for  to  an  end  so  much  without  end  as  this,  no 
other  may  be  compared — I  mean  of  human  sciences  or 
arts,  to  maintain  distributive  justice  in  his  perfection,  and 
give  to  every  one  that  which  is  his  own  ;  to  endeavour  and 


32  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

cause  good  laws  to  be  religiously  observed — an  end  most 
certainly  generous,  high,  and  worthy  of  great  praise,  but 
not  of  so  much  as  that  to  which  the  exercise  of  arms  is 
annexed,  which  hath  for  his  object  and  end  peace,  which  is 
the  greatest  good  men  can  desire  in  this  life.  And  therefore 
the  first  good  news  that  ever  the  world  had  or  men 
received,  were  those  which  the  angels  brought  on  that 
night  which  was  our  day,  when  they  sang  in  the  skies, 
*' Glory  be  in  the  heights,  and  peace  on  earth  to  men  of 
good  minds."  And  the  salutation  which  the  best  Master 
that  ever  was  on  earth  or  in  heaven  taught  to  His  disciples 
and  favourites  was,  that  when  they  entered  into  any  house 
they  would  say,  "  Peace  be  to  this  house "  ;  and  many 
other  times  He  said,  "  I  give  unto  you  My  peace ;  1  leave 
My  peace  unto  you  ;  peace  be  amongst  you."  It  is  a 
good,  as  precious  as  a  jewel,  and  a  gift  given,  and  left  by 
such  a  hand  ;  a  jewel,  without  which  neither  on  earth  nor 
in  heaven  can  there  be  any  perfect  good.  This  peace  is 
the  true  end  of  war  ;  for  arms  and  war  are  one  and  the 
selfsame  things.  This  truth  being  therefore  presupposed, 
that  the  end  of  war  is  peace,  and  that  herein  it  doth  excel 
the  end  of  learning,  let  us  descend  to  the  corporal  labours 
of  the  scholar,  and  to  those  of  him  which  professeth  arms, 
and  consider  which  of  them  are  more  toilsome.' 

Don  Quixote  did  prosecute  his  discourse  in  such  sort, 
and  with  so  pleasing  terms,  as  he  had  almost  induced  his 
audience  to  esteem  him  to  be,  at  that  time  at  least,  exempt 
from  his  frenzy ;  and  therefore,  by  reason  that  the  greater 
number  of  them  were  gentlemen,  to  whom  the  use  of  arms 
is  in  a  manner  essential  and  proper,  they  did  willingly 
listen  to  him  ;  and  therefore  he  continued  on  with  his 
discourse  in  this  manner : 

*  I  say,  then,  that  the  pains  of  the  student  are  commonly 
these  :  principally  poverty  (not  that  I  would  maintain  that 
all  students  are  poor,  but  that  I  may  put  the  case  in 
greatest  extremity  it  can  have),  and  by  saying  that  he  may 
be  poor,  methinks  there  may  be  no  greater  aggravation  of  his 
misery  ;  for  he  that  is  poor  is  destitute  of  every  good 
thing  ;  and  this  poverty  is  suffered  by  him  sundry  ways. 


Chap.  XI        DON   QUIXOTE'S   DISCOURSE  33 

sometimes  by  hunger,  other  times  by  cold  or  nakedness, 
and  many  times  by  all  of  them  together  ;  yet  it  is  never 
so  extreme  but  that  he  doth  eat,  although  it  be  somewhat 
later  than  the  custom,  or  of  the  scraps  and  reversion  of 
the  rich  man  ;  and  the  greatest  misery  of  the  student  is 
that  which  they  term  to  live  by  sops  and  pottage  :  and 
though  they  want  fire  of  their  own,  yet  may  they  have 
recourse  to  their  neighbour's  chimney,  which  if  it  do  not 
warm,  yet  will  it  weaken  the  cold  :  and  finally,  they  sleep 
at  night  under  a  roof.  I  will  not  descend  to  other  trifles 
— to  wit,  the  want  of  shirts  and  shoes,  the  bareness  of 
their  clothes,  or  the  overloading  of  their  stomachs  with 
meat  when  good  fortune  lends  them  as  good  a  meal — for 
by  this  way,  which  I  have  deciphered  so  rough  and  diffi- 
cult, stumbling  here,  falling  there  ;  getting  up  again  on 
the  other  side,  and  refalling  on  this,  they  attain  the 
degree  which  they  have  desired  so  much  ;  which  many 
having  compassed,  as  we  have  seen,  which  having  passed 
through  these  difficulties,  and  sailed  by  Scylla  and 
Charybdis  (borne  away  flying,  in  a  manner,  by  favourable 
fortune),  they  command  and  govern  all  the  world  from  a 
chair,  turning  their  hunger  into  satiety,  their  nakedness 
into  pomp,  and  their  sleeping  on  a  mat  into  a  sweet  repose 
among  hollands  and  damask— a  reward  justly  merited  by 
their  virtue.  But  their  labours,  confronted  and  compared 
to  those  of  the  militant  soldier,  remain  very  far  behind,  as 
I  will  presently  declare.* 


CHAPTER  XI 

Treating  of  the  Curious  Discourse  made  by  Don  ^ixote  upon 
the  Exercises  of  Arms  and  Letters 

Don  Quixote,  continuing  his  discourse,  said,  *  Seeing  we 
begin  in  the  student  with  poverty  and  her  parts,  let  us 
examine  whether  the  soldier  be  richer  }    Certainly  we  shall 
n.  c 


34  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

find  that  no  man  can  exceed  the  soldier  in  poverty  itself; 
for  he  is  tied  to  his  wretched  pay,  which  comes  either  late 
or  never ;  or  else  to  his  own  shifts,  with  notable  danger  of 
his  life  and  conscience.  And  his  nakedness  is  ofttimes  so 
much,  as  many  times  a  leather  jerkin  gashed  serves  him 
at  once  for  a  shirt  and  ornament.  And  in  the  midst  of 
winter  he  hath  sundry  times  no  other  defence  or  help  to 
resist  the  inclemencies  of  the  air  in  the  midst  of  the  open 
fields  than  the  breath  of  his  mouth,  which  I  verily  believe 
doth  against  nature  come  out  cold,  by  reason  it  sallies 
from  an  empty  place  ;  expect  there  till  the  night  fall,  that 
he  may  repair  all  these  discommodities  by  the  easiness  of 
his  bed,  the  which,  if  it  be  not  through  his  own  default, 
shall  never  offend  in  narrowness ;  for  he  may  measure 
out  for  it  on  the  earth  as  many  foot  as  he  pleaseth,  and 
tumble  himself  up  and  down  it  without  endangering  the 
wrinkling  of  his  sheets.  Let  after  all  this  the  day  and 
hour  arrive  wherein  he  is  to  receive  the  degree  of  his  pro- 
fession— let,  I  say,  a  day  of  battle  arrive  ;  for  there  they 
will  set  on  his  head  the  cap  of  his  dignity,  made  of  lint 
to  cure  the  wound  of  some  bullet  that  hath  passed  through 
and  through  his  temples,  or  hath  maimed  an  arm  or  a  leg. 
And  when  this  doth  not  befall,  but  that  Heaven  doth 
piously  keep  and  preserve  him  whole  and  sound,  he  shall 
perhaps  abide  still  in  the  same  poverty  wherein  he  was  at 
the  first ;  and  that  it  be  requisite  that  one  and  another 
battle  do  succeed,  and  he  come  off  ever  a  victor,  to  the 
end  that  he  may  prosper  and  be  at  the  last  advanced.  But 
such  miracles  are  but  few  times  wrought ;  and  say,  good 
sirs,  if  you  have  noted  it,  how  few  are  those  which  the 
wars  reward,  in  respect  of  the  others  that  it  hath  destroyed .'' 
You  must  answer,  without  question,  that  there  can  be  no 
comparison  made  between  them,  nor  can  the  dead  be 
reduced  to  any  number  ;  but  all  the  living,  and  such  as 
are  advanced,  may  be  counted  easily  with  three  arithmetical 
figures  :  all  which  falls  out  contrary  in  learned  men,  for 
all  of  them  have  wherewithal  to  entertain  and  maintain 
themselves  by  skirts — I  will  say  nothing  of  sleeves.  So 
that  although  the  soldier's  labour  is  greater,  yet  is  his 


Chap.  XI        DON   QUIXOTE'S   DISCOURSE  35 

reward  much  less.  But  to  this  may  be  answered,  that  it 
is  easier  to  reward  two  hundred  thousand  learned  men 
than  thirty  thousand  soldiers  ;  for  they  may  be  advanced 
by  giving  unto  them  offices,  which  must  of  necessity  be 
bestowed  on  men  of  their  profession  ;  but  soldiers  cannot 
be  recompensed  otherwise  than  by  the  lord*s  substance 
and  wealth  whom  they  serve.  And  yet  this  objection  and 
impossibility  doth  fortify  much  more  my  assertion. 

'  But  leaving  this  apart,  which  is  a  labyrinth  of  very 
difficult  issue,  let  us  return  to  the  pre-eminency  of  arms 
over  learning,  which  is  a  matter  hitherto  depending,  so 
many  are  the  reasons  that  everyone  allegeth  for  himself ; 
and  among  those  which  I  myself  have  repeated,  then  learn- 
ing doth  argue  thus  for  itself,  that  arms  without  it  cannot 
be  long  maintained,  forasmuch  as  the  war  hath  also  laws, 
and  is  subject  to  them,  and  that  the  laws  are  contained 
under  the  title  of  learning,  and  belong  to  learned  men. 

'  To  this  objection  arms  do  make  answer :  that  the  laws 
cannot  be  sustained  without  them,  for  commonwealths  are 
defended  by  arms,  and  kingdoms  preserved,  cities  fenced, 
highways  made  safe,  the  seas  freed  from  pirates  ;  and,  to  be 
brief,  if  it  were  not  for  them,  commonwealths,  kingdoms, 
monarchies,  cities,  and  ways  by  sea  and  land,  would  be 
subject  to  the  rigour  and  confusion  which  attendeth  on 
the  war  all  the  time  that  it  endureth,  and  is  licensed  to 
practise  his  prerogatives  and  violence ;  and  it  is  a  known 
truth,  that  it  which  cost  most,  is  or  ought  to  be  most 
accounted  of.  That  one  may  become  eminent  in  learning, 
it  costs  him  time,  watchings,  hunger,  nakedness,  headaches, 
rawness  of  stomach,  and  other  such  inconveniences  as  I 
have  partly  mentioned  already ;  but  that  one  may  arrive 
by  true  terms  to  be  a  good  soldier,  it  costs  him  all  that  it 
costs  the  student,  in  so  exceeding  a  degree  as  admits  no 
comparison,  for  he  is  at  every  step  in  jeopardy  to  lose  his 
life.  And  what  fear  of  necessity  or  poverty  may  befall  or 
molest  a  student  so  fiercely  as  it  doth  a  soldier,  who, 
seeing  himself  at  the  siege  of  some  impregnable  place, 
and  standing  sentinel  in  some  ravelin  or  half-moon,  feels 
the  enemies  undermining  near  to  the  place  where  he  is, 


36  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  yet  dares  not  to  depart  or  abandon  his  stand,  upon 
any  occasion  whatsoever,  or  shun  the  danger  which  so 
nearly  threatens  him  ?  but  that  which  he  only  may  do,  is 
to  advise  his  captain  of  that  which  passeth,  to  the  end 
he  may  remedy  it  by  some  countermine,  whilst  he  must 
stand  still,  fearing  and  expecting  when  he  shall  suddenly 
fly  up  to  the  clouds  without  wings,  and  after  descend 
to  the  depths  against  his  will.  And  if  this  appear  to  be 
but  a  small  danger,  let  us  weigh  whether  the  grappling  of 
two  galleys,  the  one  with  the  other  in  the  midst  of  the 
spacious  main,  may  be  compared,  or  do  surpass  it,  the 
which  nailed  and  grappled  fast  the  one  to  the  other,  the 
soldier  hath  no  more  room  in  them  than  two  foot  broad  of 
a  plank  in  the  battlings,  and  notwithstanding,  although  he 
clearly  see  laid  before  him  so  many  ministers  of  death,  for 
all  the  pieces  of  artillery  that  are  planted  on  the  adverse 
side  do  threaten  him,  and  are  not  distant  from  his  body 
the  length  of  a  lance ;  and  seeing  that  if  he  slipped  ever  so 
little  aside,  he  should  fall  into  the  deeps,  doth  yet  never- 
theless, with  undaunted  heart,  borne  away  on  the  wings  of 
honour,  which  spurreth  him  onward,  oppose  himself  as  a 
mark  to  all  their  shot,  and  strives  to  pass  by  that  so  narrow 
a  way  into  the  enemy's  vessel.  And  what  is  most  to  be 
admired  is  to  behold  how  scarce  is  one  fallen  into  that 
place,  from  whence  he  shall  never  after  arise  until  the 
world's  end,  when  another  takes  possession  of  the  same 
place ;  and  if  he  do  likewise  tumble  into  the  sea,  which 
gapes  like  an  enemy  for  him  also,  another  and  another  will 
succeed  unto  him,  without  giving  any  respite  to  the  times 
of  their  death,  valour,  and  boldness,  which  is  the  greatest 
that  may  be  found  among  all  the  trances  of  warfare. 
Those  blessed  ages  were  fortunate  which  wanted  the 
dreadful  fury  of  the  devilish  and  murdering  pieces  of 
ordnance,  to  whose  inventor  I  am  verily  persuaded  that 
they  render  in  hell  an  eternal  guerdon  for  his  diabolical 
invention,  by  which  he  hath  given  power  to  an  infamous, 
base,  vile,  and  dastardly  arm  to  bereave  the  most  valorous 
knight  of  life  ;  and  that,  without  knowing  how  or  from 
whence,  in  the  midst   of  the  stomach   and   courage  that 


Chap.  XI        DON   QUIXOTE'S   DISCOURSE  37 

inflames  and  animates  valorous  minds,  there  arrives  a 
wandering  bullet  (shot  off,  perhaps,  by  him  that  was 
afraid,  and  fled  at  the  very  blaze  of  the  powder,  as  he  dis- 
charged the  accursed  engine),  and  cuts  off  and  finisheth  in 
a  moment  the  thoughts  and  life  of  him  who  merited  to 
enjoy  it  many  ages. 

'  And  whilst  I  consider  this,  I  am  about  to  say  that  it 
grieves  me  to  have  ever  undertaken  the  exercise  of  a 
knight-errant  in  this  our  detestable  age  ;  for  although  no 
danger  can  affright  me,  yet  notwithstanding  I  live  in 
jealousy  to  think  how  powder  and  lead  might  deprive  me 
of  the  power  to  make  myself  famous  and  renowned  by  the 
strength  of  mine  arm  and  the  edge  of  my  sword  through- 
out the  face  of  the  earth.  But  let  Heaven  dispose  as  it 
pleaseth ;  for  so  much  the  more  shall  I  be  esteemed,  if  I 
can  compass  my  pretensions,  by  how  much  the  dangers 
were  greater  to  which  I  opposed  myself,  than  those 
achieved  in  foregoing  times  by  knights-adventurous.' 

Don  Quixote  made  all  this  prolix  speech  whilst  the  rest 
of  his  company  did  eat,  wholly  forgetting  to  taste  one  bit, 
although  Sancho  Panza  did  now  and  then  put  him  in 
remembrance  of  his  victuals,  saying  that  he  should  have 
leisure  enough  after  to  speak  as  much  as  he  could  desire.  In 
those  that  heard  was  again  renewed  a  kind  of  compassion, 
to  see  a  man  of  so  good  a  wit  as  he  seemed  to  be,  and  of 
so  good  discourse  in  all  the  other  matters  which  he  took  in 
hand,  to  remain  so  clearly  devoid  of  it  when  any  occasion 
of  speech  were  offered  treating  of  his  accursed  chivalry. 
The  curate  applauded  his  discourse,  affirming  that  he 
produced  very  good  reasons  for  all  that  he  had  spoken  in 
the  favour  of  arms ;  and  that  he  himself  (although  he  was 
learned  and  graduated)  was  likewise  of  his  opinion. 

The  beaver  being  ended,  and  the  table-cloths  taken 
away,  whilst  Maritornes  did  help  her  mistress  and  her 
daughter  to  make  ready  the  room  where  Don  Quixote  had 
slept  for  the  gentlewomen,  wherein  they  alone  might  retire 
themselves  that  night,  Don  Fernando  entreated  the  Captive 
to  recount  unto  them  the  history  of  his  life,  forasmuch  as 
he  suspected  that  it  must  have  been  rare  and  delightful,  as 


38  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

he  gathered  by  the  tokens  he  gave  by  coming  in  the 
lovely  Zoraida's  company.  To  which  the  Captive  replied, 
that  he  would  accomplish  his  desire  with  a  very  good  will, 
and  that  only  he  feared  that  the  discourse  would  not  prove 
so  savoury  as  they  expected ;  but  yet  for  all  that  he  would 
tell  it,  because  he  would  not  disobey  him.  The  curate  and 
all  the  rest  thanked  him  for  his  promise,  and  turned  to 
request  him  again  to  begin  his  discourse ;  and  he  per- 
ceiving so  many  to  solicit  him,  said  that  prayers  were  not 
requisite  when  commandments  were  of  such  force.  '  And 
therefore  I  desire  you,'  quoth  he, '  to  be  attentive,  and  you 
shall  hear  a  true  discourse,  to  which  perhaps  no  feigned 
invention  may  be  compared  for  variety  or  delight.'  The 
rest,  animated  by  these  his  words,  did  accommodate  them- 
selves with  very  great  silence  ;  and  he,  beholding  their 
silence  and  expectation  of  his  history,  with  a  modest  and 
pleasing  voice,  began  in  this  manner. 


CHAPTER  XII 

Wherein  the  Captive  Recounteth  his  Life,  and  other 

Accidents 

'  In  a  certain  village  of  the  mountains  of  Leon  my  lineage 
had  beginning,  wherewithal  nature  dealt  much  more 
liberally  than  fortune,  although  my  father  had  the  opinion, 
amidst  the  penury  and  poverty  of  that  people,  to  be  a  rich 
man,  as  indeed  he  might  have  been,  had  he  but  used  as 
much  care  to  hoard  up  his  wealth  as  prodigality  to  spend 
it.  And  this  his  liberal  disposition  proceeded  from  his 
being  a  soldier  in  his  youthful  years ;  for  war  is  the  school 
wherein  the  miser  is  made  frank,  and  the  frank  man 
prodigal.  And  if  among  soldiers  we  find  some  wretches 
and  niggards,  they  are  accounted  monsters  which  are 
seldom  seen.  My  father  passed  the  bounds  of  liberality, 
and  touched  very  nearly  the  confines  of  prodigality  ;  a 


Chap.  XII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  39 

thing  nothing  profitable  for  a  married  man,  who  had 
children  that  should  succeed  him  in  his  name  and  being. 
My  father  had  three  sons,  all  men,  and  of  years  sufficient 
to  make  an  election  of  the  state  of  life  they  meant  to  lead  : 
wherefore  he  perceiving,  as  he  himself  was  wont  to  say, 
that  he  could  not  bridle  his  nature  in  that  condition  of 
spending,  he  resolved  to  deprive  himself  of  the  instrument 
and  cause  which  made  him  such  a  spender  and  so  liberal, 
to  wit,  of  his  goods  ;  without  which  Alexander  the  Great 
himself  would  be  accounted  a  miser ;  and  therefore,  calling 
us  all  three  together  on  a  day  into  his  chamber,  he  used 
these  or  such  like  reasons  to  us  : 

'  "  Sons,  to  affirm  that  I  love  you  well  may  be  presumed, 
seeing  I  term  you  my  sons ;  and  yet  it  may  be  suspected 
that  I  hate  you,  seeing  I  do  not  govern  myself  so  well  as  I 
might  in  the  husbanding  and  increasing  of  your  stock. 
But  to  the  end  that  you  may  henceforth  perceive  that  I 
do  affect  you  with  a  fatherly  love,  and  that  I  mean  not  to 
overthrow  you  like  a  step-father,  I  will  do  one  thing  to 
you  which  I  have  pondered,  and  with  mature  deliberation 
purposed  these  many  days.  You  are  all  of  age  to  accept 
an  estate,  or  at  least  to  make  choice  of  some  such  exercise 
as  may  turn  to  your  honour  and  profit  at  riper  years ;  and 
therefore,  that  which  I  have  thought  upon,  is  to  divide  my 
goods  into  four  parts ;  the  three  I  will  bestow  upon  you, 
to  every  one  that  which  appertains  to  him,  without  exceed- 
ing a  jot ;  and  I  myself  will  reserve  the  fourth  to  live  and 
maintain  me  with  as  long  as  it  shall  please  Heaven  to  lend 
me  breath.  Yet  I  do  greatly  desire  that  after  every  one 
of  you  is  possessed  of  his  portion,  he  would  take  one  of 
the  courses  which  I  mean  to  propose.  There  is  an  old 
proverb  in  this  our  Spain,  in  mine  own  opinion  very  true 
(as  ordinarily  all  proverbs  are,  being  certain  brief  sentences 
collected  out  of  long  and  discreet  experiences),  and  it  is 
this,  '  The  Church,  the  Sea,  or  the  Court.'  The  meaning 
is,  that  whosoever  would  become  wealthy,  or  worthy,  must 
either  follow  the  Church,  haunt  the  seas  by  exercising  the 
trade  of  merchandises,  or  get  him  a  place  of  service  and 
entertainment  in  the  king's  house ;   for  men  say  that  '  A 


40  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

king's  crumb  is  more  worth  than  a  lord's  loaf.'  This  I 
say  because  I  desire,  and  it  is  my  will,  that  one  of  you  do 
follow  his  book,  another  merchandise,  and  the  third  the 
war,  seeing  that  the  service  of  his  own  house  is  a  difficult 
thing  to  compass ;  and  although  the  war  is  not  wont  to 
enrich  a  man,  yet  it  adds  unto  him  great  worth  and 
renown.  Within  these  eight  days  I  do  mean  to  give  you 
all  your  portions  in  money,  without  defrauding  you  of  a 
mite,  as  you  shall  see  in  effect.  Therefore,  tell  me  now 
whether  you  mean  to  follow  mine  opinion  and  device  in 
this  which  I  have  proposed  ? "  And  then  he  commanded 
me,  by  reason  that  I  was  the  eldest,  to  make  him  an 
answer. 

*  I,  after  I  had  entreated  him  not  to  make  away  his 
goods,  but  to  spend  and  dispose  of  them  as  he  listed, 
seeing  we  were  both  young  and  able  enough  to  gain  more, 
at  last  I  concluded  that  I  would  accomplish  his  will,  and 
that  mine  was  to  follow  the  wars,  therein  serving  God  and 
my  king  together.  The  second  brother  made  the  same 
offer,  and,  employing  his  portion  in  commodities,  would 
venture  it  to  the  Indies.  The  youngest,  and  as  I  deem  the 
discreetest,  said  that  either  he  would  follow  the  Church,  or 
go  at  the  least  to  Salamanca  to  finish  his  already  commenced 
studies.  And  as  soon  as  we  had  ended  the  agreement  and 
election  of  our  vocations,  my  father  embraced  us  all,  and 
afterwards  performed  unto  us,  in  as  short  a  time  as  he  had 
mentioned,  all  that  he  promised ;  giving  unto  each  of 
us  a  portion,  amounting,  if  I  do  well  remember,  to  three 
thousand  ducats  apiece  in  money ;  for  an  uncle  of  ours 
bought  all  the  goods,  and  paid  ready  money,  because  he 
would  not  have  them  made  away  from  our  own  family  and 
lineage.  We  all  took  our  leave  of  our  good  father  in  one 
day ;  and  in  that  instant,  it  seeming  to  me  a  great  in- 
humanity to  leave  my  father  so  old  and  with  so  little 
means,  I  dealt  so  with  him  as  I  constrained  him  to  take 
back  again  two  thousand  ducats  of  the  three  he  had  given 
me,  forasmuch  as  the  rest  was  sufficient  to  furnish  me  in 
very  good  sort  with  all  things  requisite  for  a  soldier.  My 
brothers,  moved  by  mine  example,  did  each  of  them  give 


Chap.  XII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  41 

him  a  thousand  crowns ;  so  that  my  father  remained  with 
four  thousand  crowns  in  money,  and  three  in  goods,  as 
they  were  valued,  which  goods  he  would  not  sell,  but 
keep  them  still  in  stock.  Finally,  we  bade  him  (and 
our  said  uncle)  farewell,  not  without  much  feeling  and 
many  tears  on  both  sides ;  and  they  charged  us  that  we 
would  from  time  to  time  acquaint  them  with  our  successes, 
whether  prosperous  or  adverse.  We  promised  to  perform 
it;  and  then,  embracing  us,  and  giving  us  his  blessing, 
one  departed  towards  Salamanca,  another  to  Seville,  and 
myself  to  Alicant. 

'  I  arrived  prosperously  at  Genoa,  and  from  thence  went 
to  Milan,  where  I  did  accommodate  myself  with  arms  and 
other  braveries  used  by  soldiers,  and  departed  from  thence 
to  settle  myself  in  Piedmont ;  and  being  in  my  way 
towards  the  city  of  Alexandria  de  la  Paglia,  I  heard 
news  that  the  great  Duke  of  Alva  did  pass  towards 
Flanders ;  wherefore,  changing  my  purpose,  I  went  with 
him,  and  served  him  in  all  the  expeditions  he  made. 
I  was  present  at  the  beheading  of  the  Earls  of  Egmont 
and  Homes,  and  obtained  at  last  to  be  ensign  to  a 
famous  captain  of  Guadalajara,  called  Diego  de  Urbina. 
Within  a  while  after  mine  arrival  to  Flanders,  the  news 
were  divulged  of  the  league  that  Pius  V.,  the  pope  of 
famous  memory,  had  made  with  the  Venetians  and  the 
King  of  Spain,  against  our  common  enemy  the  Turk, 
who  had  gained  by  force  the  famous  island  of  Cyprus 
much  about  the  same  time,  which  island  belonged  to 
the  state  of  Venice,  and  was  an  unfortunate  and 
lamentable  loss.  It  was  also  certainly  known  that  the 
most  noble  Don  John  of  Austria,  our  good  King  Don 
Philip's  natural  brother,  did  come  down  for  general  of 
this  league,  and  the  great  provision  that  was  made  for 
the  war  was  published  everywhere. 

*  All  this  did  incite  and  stir  on  my  mind  and  desire 
to  be  present  at  the  expedition  so  much  expected  ;  and 
therefore,  although  I  had  conjectures,  and  half  promises 
to  be  made  a  captain  in  the  first  occasion  that  should 
be  offered,  yet  I  resolved  to  leave  all  those  hopes,  and 


42  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  go  into  Italy,  as  in  effect  I  did.  And  my  good 
fortune  so  disposed,  as  the  lord  Don  John  of  Austria 
arrived  just  at  the  same  time  at  Genoa,  and  went 
towards  Naples,  to  join  himself  with  the  Venetian  navy, 
as  he  did  after  at  Messina.  In  this  most  fortunate  journey 
I  was  present,  being  by  this  made  a  captain  of  foot,  to 
which  honourable  charge  I  was  mounted  rather  by  my 
good  fortune  than  by  my  deserts.  And  that  very  day 
which  was  so  fortunate  to  all  Christendom  ;  for  therein  the 
whole  world  was  undeceived,  and  all  the  nations  thereof 
freed  of  all  the  error  they  held,  and  belief  they  had,  that 
the  Turk  was  invincible  at  sea :  in  that  very  day  I  say, 
wherein  the  swelling  stomach  and  Ottomanical  pride  was 
broken  among  so  many  happy  men  as  were  there  (for  the 
Christians  that  were  slain  were  much  more  happy  than 
those  which  they  left  victorious  alive),  I  alone  was  un- 
fortunate, seeing  that  in  exchange  of  some  naval  crown 
which  I  might  expect  had  I  lived  in  the  times  of  the 
ancient  Romans,  I  found  myself  the  night  ensuing  that 
so  famous  a  day  with  my  legs  chained  and  my  hands 
manacled,  which  befel  in  this  manner,  that  Uchali,  king  of 
Algiers,  a  bold  and  venturous  pirate,  having  invested 
and  distressed  the  admiral  of  Malta  (for  only  three 
knights  remained  alive,  and  those  very  sore  wounded), 
John  Andrea's  chief  galley  came  to  her  succour,  wherein 
I  went  with  my  company ;  and  doing  what  was 
requisite  in  such  an  occasion,  I  leapt  into  the  enemy's 
vessel,  the  which  falling  off  from  that  which  had 
assaulted  her,  hindered  my  soldiers  from  following  me  ; 
by  which  means  I  saw  myself  alone  amidst  mine  enemies, 
against  whom  I  could  make  no  long  resistance,  they 
were  so  many.  In  fine,  I  was  taken,  full  of  wounds. 
Now,  as  you  may  have  heard,  Uchali  saved  himself 
and  all  his  squadron,  whereby  I  became  captive  in  his 
power,  and  only  remained  sorrowful  among  so  many 
joyful,  and  captive  among  so  many  freed  ;  for  that  day 
fifteen  thousand  Christians,  which  came  slaves  and 
enchained  in  the  Turkish  galleys,  recovered  their  desired 
liberty.     I  was  carried  to  Constantinople,  where  the  Great 


Chap.  XII  THE   CAPTIVE'S  STORY  43 

Turk,  Selim,  made  my  lord  General  of  the  Sea,  by  reason 
that  he  had  so  well  performed  his  duty  in  the  battle, 
having  brought  away,  for  a  witness  of  his  valour,  the 
standard  of  the  Order  of  Malta.  I  was  the  year  en- 
suing of  1572  in  Navarino,  rowing  in  the  Admiral  of 
the  l^hree  Lanterns^  and  saw  and  noted  there  the 
opportunity  that  was  lost,  of  taking  all  the  Turkish  navy 
within  the  haven  ;  for  all  the  janizaries  and  other  soldiers 
that  were  in  it  made  full  account  that  they  should  be 
set  upon,  even  within  the  very  port,  and  therefore 
trussed  up  all  their  baggage,  and  made  ready  their 
shoes,  to  fly  away  presently  to  the  land,  being  in  no 
wise  minded  to  expect  the  assault,  our  navy  did  strike 
such  terror  into  them.  But  God  disposed  otherwise  of 
the  matter,  not  through  the  fault  or  negligence  of  the 
general  that  governed  our  men,  but  for  the  sins  of 
Christendom,  and  because  God  permits  and  wills  that 
we  have  always  some  executioners  to  chastise  us.  In 
sum,  Uchali  got  into  Modon,  which  is  an  island  near 
to  Navarino,  and,  landing  his  men  there,  he  fortified 
the  mouth  of  the  haven,  and  there  remained  until  Don 
John  departed.  In  this  voyage  was  taken  the  galley 
called  Presa^  whereof  the  famous  pirate  Barbarossa  his 
son  was  captain  ;  it  was  surprised  by  the  captain-galley 
of  Naples,  called  the  She-Wolf^  that  was  commanded  by 
the  thunderbolt  of  war,  the  father  of  soldiers — that 
fortunate  and  never  overthrown  Don  Alvaro  de  Ba^an, 
the  Marquis  of  Santa  Cruz.  And  here  I  will  not 
forget  to  recount  what  befel  at  the  taking  of  the  Presa. 
This  son  of  Barbarossa's  was  so  cruel,  and  used  his 
slaves  so  ill,  that  as  soon  as  they  that  were  rowing 
perceived  the  She-Wolf  to  approach  them,  and  that  she 
had  overtaken  them,  they  cast  away  their  oars  all  at  one 
time,  and  laying  hands  on  their  captain  that  stood  on 
the  poop,^  crying  to  them  to  row  with  more  speed,  and 
passing  him  from  one  bank  to  another,  from  the  poop 
to  the  prow,  they  took  so  many  bits  out  of  him,  as  he 
had  scarce  passed  beyond  the  mast    when  his  soul  was 

^  Estanderil^  p.  442. 


44  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

already  wasted  to  hell ;  such  was  the  cruelty  where- 
withal he  entreated  them,  and  so  great  the  hate  they 
also  bore  towards  him.  We  returned  the  next  year  after  to 
Constantinople,  being  that  of  seventy  and  three,  and  there 
we  learned  how  Don  John  had  gained  Tunis,  and,  taking 
that  kingdom  away  from  the  Turks,  had,  by  installing 
Muley  Hamet  therein,  cut  away  all  Muley  Hameda's 
hopes  to  reign  again  there,  who  was  the  most  cruel 
and  valiant  Moor  that  ever  lived. 

*  The  Great  Turk  was  very  much  grieved  for  this 
loss  ;  and  therefore,  using  the  sagacity  wherewithal  all 
his  race  wise  endued,  he  made  peace  with  the  Venetians, 
which  wished  for  it  much  more  than  he  did  himself. 
And  the  year  after  of  seventy-and-four,  he  assaulted 
the  fortress  of  Goleta,  and  the  other  fortress  that  Don 
John  had  raised  near  unto  Tunis.  And  in  all  these 
occasions  I  was  present,  tied  to  the  oar  without  any 
hope  of  liberty,  at  leastwise  by  ransom,  being  resolved 
never  to  signify  by  letter  my  misfortunes  to  my  father. 
The  Goleta  was  lost,  in  fine,  and  also  the  fortress,  before 
which  two  places  lay  in  siege  seventy-five  thousand  Turks, 
and  more  than  four  hundred  thousand  Moors,  and  other 
Saracens  of  all  the  other  parts  of  Africa,  being  furnished 
with  such  abundance  of  munition  and  warlike  engines, 
and  so  many  pioneers  as  were  able  to  cover  Goleta  and 
the  fortress,  if  every  one  did  cast  but  his  handful  of  earth 
upon  them.  Thus  was  Goleta,  accounted  until  then 
impregnable,  first  lost,  the  which  did  not  happen  through 
default  of  valour  in  the  defendants,  who  in  defence  thereof 
did  all  they  could  or  ought  to  have  done,  but  because 
experience  showed  the  facility  wherewithal  trenches  might 
be  raised  in  that  desert  sand  ;  for  though  water  had  been 
found  in  it  within  two  spans'  depth,  the  Turks  could  not 
find  it  in  the  depth  of  two  yards  ;  and  therefore,  filling 
many  sacks  full  of  sand,  they  raised  their  trenches  so  high 
as  they  did  surmount  the  walls  of  the  sconce,  and  did 
so  gall  the  defendants  from  them  with  their  shot  as  no 
one  could  stand  to  make  any  defence.  It  was  a  common 
report    that    our    men    would    not    immure    themselves 


Chap.  XII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  45 

within  Goleta,  but  expect  the  enemy  in  the  champaign 
at  their  disembarking  ;  but  those  that  gave  this  out 
spake  widely,  as  men  very  little  acquainted  with  the  like 
affairs ;  for  if  in  Goleta  and  the  fortress  there  were 
scarce  seven  thousand  soldiers,  how  could  so  few  a  num- 
ber, were  they  ever  so  resolute,  make  a  sally,  and  remain 
in  the  forts  against  so  great  a  number  of  enemies  ?  or 
how  is  it  possible  that  the  forces  which  are  not  seconded 
and  supplied  should  not  be  overcome,  specially  being 
besieged  by  many  and  obstinate  enemies,  and  those  in 
their  own  country  ?  But  many  others  esteemed,  and  so 
did  I  likewise  among  the  rest,  that  Almighty  God  did  a 
particular  grace  and  favour  unto  Spain  in  that  manner, 
permitting  to  be  destroyed  the  stop  and  cloak  of  all 
wickedness,  and  the  sponge  and  moth  of  innumerable 
sums  of  money  spent  there  unprofitably,  without  serving 
to  any  other  end  than  to  preserve  the  memory  of  being 
gained  by  the  Emperor  Charles  the  Fifth,  as  if  it  had 
been  requisite  for  the  keeping  of  it  eternal  (as  it  is,  and 
shall  be  ever)  that  those  stones  should  sustain  it.  The 
fortress  was  also  won  ;  but  the  Turks  were  constrained 
to  gain  it  span  by  span,  for  the  soldiers  which  defended 
it  fought  so  manfully  and  resolutely,  as  the  number  of 
the  enemies  slain  in  two-and-twenty  general  assaults  which 
they  gave  unto  it,  did  pass  five-and-twenty  thousand. 
Never  a  one  was  taken  prisoner  but  three  hundred  which 
survived  their  fellows — a  certain  and  manifest  token  of 
their  valour  and  strength,  and  how  well  they  had  defended 
themselves  and  kept  their  fortresses  with  great  magnani- 
mity. A  little  fort  or  turret  that  stood  in  the  midst  of 
the  place,  under  the  command  of  Don  John  Zanoguera,  a 
Valencian  gentleman  and  famous  soldier,  was  yielded  upon 
cornposition  ;  and  Don  Pedro  de  Puerto  Carrero,  general 
of  Goleta,  was  taken  prisoner,  who  omitted  no  diligence 
possible  to  defend  the  place,  but  yet  was  so  grieved  to 
have  lost  it  as  he  died  for  very  grief  on  the  way  towards 
Constantinople,  whither  they  carried  him  captive.  The 
general  likewise  of  the  fort,  called  Gabriel  Cerbellon,  being 
a  gentleman   of  Milan,  and  a  great  engineer,  and  most 


46  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

resolute  soldier,  was  taken  ;  and  there  died  ;  in  both  the 
places  many  persons  of  worth,  among  which  Pagan  de  Oria 
was  one,  a  knight  of  the  Order  of  Saint  John,  of  a  most 
noble  disposition,  as  the  exceeding  liberality  which  he  used 
towards  his  brother,  the  famous  John  Andrea  de  Oria, 
clearly  demonstrates  ;  and  that  which  rendered  his  death 
more  deplorable  was,  that  he  was  slain  by  certain  Saracens 
(which  he  trusted,  perceiving  how  the  fort  was  lost),  who 
had  offered  to  convey  him  thence  in  the  habit  of  a  Moor 
to  Tabarca,  which  is  a  little  haven  or  creek  possessed  by 
the  Genoese  that  fish  for  coral  in  that  coast.  These 
Saracens  cut  off  his  head  and  brought  it  to  the  general  of 
the  Turkish  army,  who  did  accomplish  in  them  the  Spanish 
proverb,  ''  That  although  the  treason  pleaseth,  yet  is  the 
traitor  hated,'*  and  so  it  is  reported  that  he  commanded 
those  to  be  hanged  that  had  brought  him  the  present, 
because  they  had  not  brought  it  alive. 

*  Among  the  Christians  that  were  lost  in  the  fort  there 
was  one,  called  Don  Pedro  de  Aguilar,  born  in  Andalusia, 
in  some  town  whose  name  I  have  forgotten ;  he  had  been 
Ancient  in  the  fortress,  and  was  a  soldier  of  great  account, 
and  of  a  rare  understanding,  and  specially  had  a  particular 
grace  in  poetry.  This  I  say  because  his  fortune  brought 
him  to  be  slave  to  my  patron,  even  into  the  very  same 
galley  and  bench  whereon  I  sat.  This  gentleman  made 
two  sonnets  in  form  of  epitaphs,  the  one  for  the  Goleta, 
the  other  for  the  fort ;  and  I  will  repeat  them,  because  I 
remember  them  very  well,  and  do  believe  that  they  will  be 
rather  grateful  than  anything  disgustful  to  the  audience.' 

As  soon  as  ever  the  Captive  named  Don  Pedro  de 
Aguilar,  Don  Fernando  beheld  his  camaradas,  and  they 
all  three  did  smile.  And  when  he  began  to  talk  of  the 
sonnets,  one  of  them  said,  'Before  you  pass  further,  I 
beseech  you,  good  sir,  let  me  entreat  you  to  tell  me  what 
became  of  that  Don  Pedro  de  Aguilar  whom  you  have 
named.* 

*  That  which  I  know  of  thatiafFair,'  answered  the  Captive, 
*  is  that,  after  he  had  been  two  years  in  Constantinople,  he 
fled  away  in  the  attire  of  an  Armenian  with  a  Greek  spy, 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  47 

and  I  cannot  tell  whether  he  recovered  his  liberty  or  no, 
although  I  suppose  he  did,  for  within  a  year  after  I  saw 
the  Greek  in  Constantinople,  but  I  had  not  the  opportunity 
to  demand  of  him  the  success  of  that  voyage/ 

'He  came  then  into  Spain,'  quoth  the  gentleman  ;  '  for 
that  same  Don  Pedro  is  my  brother,  and  dwells  now  at 
home  in  our  own  town,  very  well,  rich  married,  and  a 
father  of  three  sons/ 

'  God  be  thanked,*  quoth  the  Captive,  '  for  the  infinite 
favour  He  hath  showed  unto  him ;  for  in  mine  opinion 
there  is  not  on  earth  any  contentment  able  to  be  compared 
to  that  of  recovering  a  man's  lost  liberty.' 

*  I  do  moreover,'  said  the  gentleman,  '  know  the  sonnets 
which  my  brother  composed.' 

'  I  pray  you  then,  good  sir,'  quoth  the  Captive,  '  repeat 
them ;  for  perhaps  you  can  say  them  better  than  I.' 

'With  a  very  good  will,'  answered  the  gentleman ;  *and 
that  of  the  Goleta  is  thus.' 


CHAPTER   XIII 

Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  History  of  the  Captive 

*"A  SONNET. 

*"0  happy  souls,  which  from  this  mortal  vale 

Freed  and  exempted,  through  the  good  you  wrought, 

Safe  from  the  harms  that  here  did  you  assail, 

By  your  deserts  to  highest  heaven  were  brought, 

Which  here  inflamed  by  wrath,  and  noble  thought, 

Showed  how  much  your  forces  did  avail : 

When  both  your  own  and  foreign  bloods  you  taught. 

From  sandy  shores,  into  the  deeps  to  trail. 

Your  lives  before  your  valour's  end  deceased 

In  your  tired  arms,  which,  though  they  were  a-dying 

And  vanquish'd,  yet  on  victory  have  seized. 

And  this  your  life,  from  servile  thraldom  flying, 

Ending,  acquires,  between  the  sword  and  wall, 

Heaven's  glory  there,  fame  here  on  earth,  for  all."' 


48  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'  I  have  it  even  in  the  very  same  manner/  quoth  the 
Captive. 

'  Well,  then,'  said  the  gentleman,  '  that  of  the  fort  is 
thus,  if  I  do  not  forget  it : 

^"A  SONNET. 

'  "  From  midst  the  barren  earth,  here  overthrown, 
In  these  sad  clods,  which  on  the  ground  do  lie, 
Three  thousand  soldiers'  holy  souls  are  flown. 
And  to  a  happier  mansion  gone  on  high  : 
Here,  when  they  did  in  vain  the  vigour  try 
Of  their  strong  arms,   to  cost  of  many  a  one. 
After  the  most,  through  extreme  toil,  did  die. 
The  cruel  sword  a  few  did  light  upon. 
And  this  same  plot  eternally  hath  been. 
With  thousand  doleful  memories  replete. 
As  well  this  age,  as  in  foregoing  time. 
But  from  his  cruel  bosom  Heaven  ne'er  yet 
Received  sincerer  souls  than  were  the  last, 
Nor  earth  so  valiant  bodies  aye  possess'd."' 

The  sonnets  were  not  misliked  ;  and  the  Captive  was 
greatly  recreated  with  the  news  which  he  received  of  his 
companion,  and,  prosecuting  his  history,  he  said  : 

'  The  Goleta  and  the  fort  being  rendered,  the  Turks  gave 
order  to  dismantle  Goleta  ;  for  the  fort  was  left  in  such 
sort  as  there  remained  nothing  up  that  might  be  over- 
thrown :  and  to  do  it  with  more  brevity  and  less  labour, 
they  undermined  it  in  three  places,  but  that  which  seemed 
least  strong  could  not  be  blown  up  by  any  of  them,  which 
was  the  old  walls  ;  but  all  that  which  had  remained  afoot 
of  the  new  fortifications  and  works  of  Fratin,  fell  down  to 
the  ground  with  great  facility.  And  this  being  ended,  the 
navy  returned  triumphant  and  victorious  to  Constantinople, 
where,  within  a  few  months  afterward,  my  lord  Uchali 
died,  whom  they  called  Uchali  Fartax,  which  signifies  in 
the  Turkish  language,  the  Scald  or  Scurvy  Runagate,  for 
he  was  such.  And  it  is  a  custom  among  the  Turks  to 
give  one  another  nicknames,  either  of  the  defects  or  per- 
fections and  virtues  which  they  have  ;  and  the  reason 
hereof  is,  that  among  them  all  they  have  but  four  lineages 
that  have  surnames,  and  these  do  contend  with  that  of 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  49 

Ottoman's,  for  nobility  of  blood  ;  and  all  the  rest,  as  I 
have  said,  do  take  denomination  sometime  from  the 
blemishes  of  the  body,  and  sometime  from  the  virtues  of 
the  mind.  And  this  scurvy  fellow  did  row  fourteen  years, 
being  the  Great  Turk's  slave,  and  did  renounce  his  faith, 
being  four-and-thirty  years  old,  for  despite,  and  because 
he  might  be  revenged  on  a  Turk  that  gave  him  a  cuff  on 
the  face  as  he  rowed ;  and  his  valour  was  so  great,  as 
without  ascending  by  the  dishonourable  means  and  ways 
usually  taken  by  the  greatest  minions  about  the  Great 
Turk,  he  came  first  to  be  King  of  Algiers,  and  after  to  be 
General  of  the  Sea,  which  is  the  third  most  noble  charge 
and  dignity  of  all  the  Turkish  empire.  He  was  born  in 
Calabria,  and  was  a  good  moral  man,  and  used  with  great 
humanity  his  slaves,  whereof  he  had  above  three  thousand, 
which  were  after  his  death  divided,  as  he  had  left  in  his 
testament,  between  the  Great  Turk  (who  is  ever  an 
inheritor  to  every  dead  man,  and  hath  a  portion  among 
the  deceased  his  children)  and  his  runagates.  I  fell  to 
the  lot  of  a  Venetian  runagate,  who  being  a  ship-boy  in 
a  certain  vessel,  was  taken  by  Uchali,  who  loved  him 
so  tenderly  as  he  was  one  of  the  dearest  youths  he  had, 
and  he  became  after  the  most  cruel  runagate  that  ever 
lived.  He  was  called  Azanaga,  and  came  to  be  very  rich, 
and  King  of  Algiers.  With  him  I  came  from  Constanti- 
nople somewhat  contented  in  mind,  because  I  should  be 
nearer  unto  Spain ;  not  for  that  I  meant  to  write  unto  any 
one  of  my  unfortunate  success,  but  only  to  see  whether 
fortune  would  prove  more  favourable  to  me  in  Algiers 
than  at  Constantinople,  where  I  had  attempted  a  thousand 
ways  to  escape,  but  none  of  them  sorted  to  any  good 
effect.  And  I  thought  to  search  out  in  Algiers  some 
other  means  to  compass  that  which  I  so  greedily  desired, 
for  the  hope  of  attaining  liberty  some  time  had  never 
abandoned  me ;  and  when  in  the  contriving  I  thought, 
or  put  my  designs  in  practice,  and  that  the  success  did 
not  answer  mine  expectation,  presently  without  forsaking 
me,  it  forged  and  sought  out  for  another  hope  that  might 
sustain  me,  although  it  were  debile  and  weak. 

II.  D 


50  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'  With  this  did  I  pass  away  my  life,  shut  up  in  a  prison 
or  house,  which  the  Turks  call  baths,  wherein  they  do 
enclose  the  captive  Christians,  as  well  those  that  belong  to 
the  king  as  other  particular  men's,  and  those  which  they 
call  of  the  Almazen,  which  is  as  much  to  say,  as  slaves  of 
the  council,  who  are  deputed  to  serve  the  city  in  the  public 
works  and  other  affairs  thereof;  and  these  of  all  other 
captives  do  with  most  difficulty  attain  to  liberty ;  for, 
by  reason  they  belong  to  the  commonalty,  and  have  no 
particular  master,  there  is  none  with  whom  a  man  may 
treat  of  their  redemption,  although  they  should  have  the 
price  of  their  ransom.  To  these  baths,  as  I  have  said, 
some  particular  men  carry  their  captives  to  be  kept,  chiefly 
if  they  be  to  be  ransomed  ;  for  there  they  have  them  at 
their  ease  and  secure,  until  they  be  redeemed.  The  king's 
captives  of  ransom,  also,  do  not  go  forth  to  labour  with 
the  other  poor  crew,  if  it  be  not  when  the  paying  of  their 
ransom  is  deferred  ;  for  then,  to  the  end  they  may  make 
them  write  for  money  more  earnestly,  they  make  them 
labour  and  go  to  fetch  wood  with  the  rest,  which  is  no 
small  toil  and  trouble.  I  then  was  one  of  those  of  ransom  ; 
for  as  soon  as  it  was  known  how  I  was  a  captain,  notwith- 
standing that  I  told  them  of  my  little  possibility  and  want 
of  means,  all  could  not  prevail  to  dissuade  them  from 
consorting  me  with  the  multitude  of  gentlemen,  and  those 
of  ransom.  They  put  on  me  then  a  chain,  rather  to  be  a 
token  that  I  was  there  for  my  ransom  than  to  keep  me  the 
better  with  it.  And  so  I  passed  away  my  time  there  with 
many  other  gentlemen  and  men  of  mark,  held  and  kept  in 
there  for  their  ransom.  And  although  both  hunger  and 
nakedness  did  vex  us  now  and  then,  or  rather  evermore, 
yet  nothing  did  afflict  us  so  much  as  to  hear  and  see 
every  moment  the  cruelties  that  my  master  used  towards 
Christians.  Every  day  he  hanged  up  one ;  he  set  this 
man  on  a  stake,  and  would  cut  off  the  other's  ears,  and 
that  for  so  little  occasion,  or  wholly  without  it,  as  the  very 
Turks  themselves  perceived  that  he  did  it  not  for  any 
other  cause  but  because  he  had  a  will  to  do  it,  and  that  it 
was  his  natural  inclination  to  be  a  homicide  of  all  human 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  51 

kind.  Only  one  Spanish  soldier,  called  such  a  one  of 
Saavedra,  was  in  his  good  grace,  who  although  he  did 
sundry  things  that  will  remain  in  the  memory  of  that 
nation  for  many  years,  and  all  to  the  end  to  get  his 
liberty,  yet  he  never  struck  him,  nor  commanded  him  to 
be  stricken,  nor  said  as  much  as  an  evil  word  unto  him  ; 
and  yet  we  all  feared  that  he  should  be  broached  on  a 
stake  for  the  least  of  many  things  which  he  did,  and 
himself  did  also  dread  it  more  than  once  ;  and  if  it  were 
not  that  time  denieth  me  leisure  to  do  it,  I  would  recount 
unto  you  things  done  by  this  soldier,  which  might  both 
entertain  and  astonish  you  much  more  than  the  relation  of 
my  life. 

*  There  were  over  the  square  court  of  our  prison  certain 
windows  that  looked  into  it,  and  belonged  to  a  certain  rich 
and  principal  Moor  ;  the  which  windows  (as  ordinarily 
are  all  the  Moors*  windows)  rather  seemed  to  be  holes 
than  windows,  and  even  these  were  also  very  closely 
covered  and  shut  fast  with  linen  coverings.  It  therefore 
befel  that,  standing  one  day  upon  the  battlements  of  our 
prison  with  other  three  companions,  trying  which  of  us 
could  leap  best  in  his  shackles  to  pass  away  the  time,  and 
being  alone  (for  all  the  other  Christians  were  gone  abroad 
to  labour),  I  lifted  up  by  chance  mine  eyes,  and  I  saw 
thrust  out  at  one  of  those  so  close  shut  windows  a  cane, 
and  a  linen  tied  at  the  end  thereof,  and  the  cane  was 
moved  and  wagged  up  and  down,  as  if  it  had  made  signs 
that  we  should  come  and  take  it.  We  looked  upon  it, 
and  one  of  my  companions  went  under  the  cane,  to  see 
whether  they  would  let  it  fall,  or  what  they  would  do  else ; 
but  as  soon  as  he  approached  it,  the  cane  was  lifted  up, 
and  did  stir  it  to  either  side,  as  if  they  had  said  (with 
wagging  of  the  head),  "  No."  The  Christian  returned  to 
us  ;  and  the  cane  being  eftsoons  let  fall,  and  beginning  to 
move  as  it  had  done  before,  another  of  my  fellows  went, 
and  the  same  succeeded  unto  him  that  did  to  the  first. 
Finally,  the  third  approached  it,  with  no  better  success 
than  the  former  two  ;  which  I  perceiving,  would  not  omit 
to  try  my  fortitude  :  and  as  soon  as  I  came  near  to  stand 


52  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

under  the  cane,  it  was  let  slip,  and  fell  within  the  baths, 
just  at  my  feet.  I  forthwith  went  to  untie  the  linen  which 
was  knotted,  wherein  I  found  ten  zianiys,  which  are 
certain  pieces  of  base  gold  used  among  the  Moors,  and 
worth,  each  of  them,  ten  reals  of  our  money.  I  leave  to 
your  discretion  to  think  if  I  was  not  glad  of  my  booty ; 
certes,  my  joy  and  admiration  was  much,  to  think  whence 
that  good  might  come  unto  us,  but  specially  to  myself, 
since  the  signs  of  refusal  to  let  it  fall  to  the  other  did 
confirm  clearly  that  the  favour  was  only  addressed  to 
myself.  I  took  my  welcome  money,  broke  the  cane,  and 
returned  to  the  battlements,  and  viewed  the  window 
earnestly,  and  perceived  a  very  beautiful  hand  issue  out 
thereat,  which  did  open  and  shut  it  again  very  speedily. 
By  which  imagining  and  thinking  that  some  woman  that 
dwelled  in  that  house  had  done  us  the  charity  and  benefit, 
in  token  of  our  thankful  minds,  we  made  our  courtesies 
after  the  Moorish  fashion,  by  inclining  of  our  heads, 
bending  of  the  body,  and  pressing  our  hands  to  our 
breasts.  Within  a  while  after,  there  appeared  out  of  the 
same  window  a  little  cross  made  of  canes,  which  presently 
was  taken  in  again.  This  sign  did  confirm  us  in  the 
opinion  that  there  was  some  Christian  woman  captive  in 
that  place,  and  that  it  was  she  which  did  to  us  the  courtesy; 
but  the  whiteness  of  her  hand,  and  her  rich  bracelets, 
destroyed  this  presumption  :  although  we  did,  notwith- 
standing, conjecture  that  it  was  some  runagate  Christian, 
whom  their  masters  there  do  very  ordinarily  take  to  wives, 
yea,  and  account  very  good  hap  to  light  on  one  of  them, 
for  they  are  much  more  accounted  of  than  the  women  of 
the  nation  itself. 

^  Yet  in  all  these  discourses  we  strayed  very  far  from 
the  truth  of  the  accident ;  and  so,  from  thenceforward,  all 
our  passing  of  the  time  was  employed  in  beholding  that 
window  as  our  north,  wherein  had  appeared  the  star  of 
the  cane.  But  fifteen  days  passed  over,  or  we  could 
descry  either  it  or  the  hand  again,  or  any  other  sign. 
And  although  in  the  meantime  we  endeavoured  all  that 
we  might  to  know  who  dwelled  in  that  house,  or  whether 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  53 

there  were  any  runagate  Christian  therein,  yet  never  a  one 
could  tell  us  any  other  things  but  that  it  belonged  to  a 
very  rich  and  noble  Moor,  called  Aguimorato,  )vho  had 
been  constable  of  the  Pata-  -a  dignity  among  them  of  very 
great  quality. 

'  But  when  we  thought  least  that  it  would  rain  any 
more  zianiys  by  that  way,  we  saw  the  cane  suddenly  to 
appear,  and  another  linen  hanging  on  it,  whose  bulk  was 
much  greater.  And  this  befel  when  the  bath  was  freed  of 
concourse,  and  void,  as  the  other  time  before.  We  made 
the  accustomed  trial,  every  one  approaching  it  before  me, 
but  without  effect  until  I  came ;  for  presently,  as  I 
approached  it,  it  was  permitted  to  fall.  I  untied  the  knot, 
and  found  enwreathed  in  it  forty  ducats  of  Spanish  gold, 
with  a  letter  written  in  the  Arabian  tongue,  and  at  the  end 
thereof  was  drawn  a  very  great  cross.  I  kissed  the  cross, 
took  up  the  money,  and  returned  again  to  the  battlements, 
and  we  all  together  made  our  receivers.  The  hand  also 
appeared.  I  made  signs  that  I  would  read  the  paper,  and 
the  window  was  shut  incontinently.  All  of  us  were 
marvellously  astonished,  yet  joyful  at  that  which  had 
befallen  us  ;  and  by  reason  that  none  of  us  understood 
the  Arabian  tongue,  the  desire  that  we  had  to  understand 
the  contents  of  the  letter  was  surpassing  great,  but  greater 
the  difficulty  to  find  out  some  trusty  person  that  might 
read  it.  In  the  end  I  resolved  to  trust  in  this  affair  a 
runagate  of  Murcia,  who  did  profess  himself  to  be  my 
very  great  friend,  and  having,  by  my  liberality  and  other 
good  turns  done  secretly,  obliged  him  to  be  secret  in  the 
affair  wherein  I  would  use  him — for  some  runagates  are 
accustomed,  when  they  have  an  intention  to  return  into 
the  Christian  countries,  to  bring  with  them  testimonies  of 
the  most  principal  captives,  wherein  they  inform,  and  in 
the  amplest  manner  they  may,  how  the  bearer  is  an  honest 
man,  and  that  he  hath  ever  done  many  good  turns  to  the 
Christians,  and  that  he  hath  himself  a  desire  to  escape  by 
the  first  commodity.  Some  runagates  there  are  which 
procure  those  testimonies  sincerely,  and  with  a  good 
intention  ;    others    take    the    benefit    of  them    either   by 


54  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

chance  or  industry,  who,  intending  to  go  and  rob  into  the 
countries  of  Christians,  if  by  chance  they  be  astray  or 
taken,  bring  forth  their  testimonies,  and  say  that  by  those 
papers  may  be  collected  the  purpose  wherewithal  they 
came,  that  is,  to  remain  in  Christian  countries,  and  that 
therefore  they  came  abroad  a-pirating  with  the  other 
Turks  ;  and  by  this  means  they  escape  that  first  brunt, 
and  are  reconciled  again  to  the  Church,  without  receiving 
any  harm  at  all ;  and  when  they  espy  their  time,  do 
return  again  into  Barbary,  to  be  such  as  they  were 
before.  Others  there  are  which  procure  those  writings 
with  a  pure  intention,  and  do  after  stay  in  Christian 
countries.  Well,  this  my  friend  was  a  runagate  of  this 
last  kind,  who  had  the  testimonies  of  all  my  companions, 
wherein  we  did  commend  him  as  amply  as  we  could 
devise.  And  certainly  if  the  Moors  had  found  those 
papers  about  him,  they  would  have  burnt  him  for  it. 
I  understand  how  he  could  speak  the  Arabian  tongue 
very  perfectly,  and  not  only  that  alone,  but  also  write 
it  withal;  yet  before  I  would  whoUy  break  my  mind  to 
him,  I  requested  him  to  read  me  that  scroll  which  I 
had  found  by  chance  in  a  hole  of  my  cabin.  He  opened 
it,  and  stood  a  good  while  beholding  and  construing 
thereof,  murmuring  somewhat  between  his  teeth.  I 
demanded  therefore  of  him  whether  he  understood  it. 
And  he  answered  that  he  did  very  well,  and  that  if  I 
desired  to  have  it  translated  verbatim  I  should  bring 
unto  him  pen  and  ink,  to  the  end  he  might  do  it  more 
completely.  We  presently  gave  unto  him  that  which 
he  asked,  and  he  did  translate  it  by  little  and  little  ; 
and  having  finished  it,  he  said,  **  All  that  is  here  in 
Spanish,  is  punctually,  without  omitting  a  letter,  the 
contents  of  the  Moorish  paper.  And  here  you  must 
note  that  where  it  says  Lela  Marien,  it  means  our  Lady 
the  blessed  Virgin  Mary."  We  read  the  paper,  whereof 
the  contents  were  these  which  ensue  : 

* "  When  I  was  a  child,  my  father  had  a  certain 
Christian  woman  captive,  that  taught  me  in  mine  own 
tongue   all    the    Christian   religion,   and    told    me    many 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  55 

things  of  Lela  Marien.  The  Christian  died,  and  I  know 
she  went  not  to  the  fire,  but  to  Allah ;  for  she  appeared 
to  me  twice  after  her  death,  and  bade  me  go  to  the 
Christian  country  to  see  Lela  Marien,  who  loved  me 
much.  I  know  not  how  I  may  go.  I  have  seen  many 
Christians  through  this  window,  and  none  of  them  hath 
seemed  to  me  a  gentleman  but  thyself.  I  am  very 
beautiful  and  young,  and  I  have  a  great  deal  of  riches 
to  carry  with  me.  See  thou  whether  thou  canst 
contrive  the  way  how  we  may  depart,  and  thou 
shalt  there  be  my  husband,  if  thou  pleasest ;  and  if 
thou  wilt  not,  I  do  not  greatly  care,  for  Lela  Marien 
will  provide  me  of  a  husband.  I  wrote  myself  this 
billet ;  be  therefore  wary  whom  thou  trustest  to  read  it. 
Do  not  trust  any  Moor;  for  they  are  all  of  them  de- 
ceitful traitors.  It  is  this  that  grieves  me  most  of  all ; 
for  I  would  not  have  thee,  if  it  were  possible,  to  disclose 
the  matter  to  any  living  body;  for  if  my  father  did 
know  it,  he  would  throw  me  down  into  a  well,  and 
oppress  me  in  it  with  stones.  I  will  hang  a  thread  to 
the  end  of  the  cane,  and  therein  thou  mayst  tie  thine 
answer.  And  if  thou  canst  not  write  the  Arabian,  tell 
me  thy  mind  by  signs,  for  Lela  Marien  will  make  me 
to  understand  it,  who,  with  Allah,  preserve  thee,  and 
this  cross,  which  I  do  many  times  kiss ;  for  so  the 
captive  commanded  me  to  do." 

'See,  good  sir,  if  it  was  not  great  reason,  that  the 
reasons  comprehended  in  this  letter  should  recreate  and 
astonish  us.  And  certainly  the  one  and  the  other  was 
so  great,  as  the  runagate  perceived  well  that  the  paper 
was  not  found  by  chance,  but  was  really  addressed  unto 
some  one  of  us ;  and  therefore  desired  us  earnestly,  that 
if  that  were  true  which  he  suspected,  that  we  would 
trust  and  tell  it  unto  him,  and  he  would  adventure  his 
life  to  procure  our  liberties.  And  saying  this,  he  took 
out  of  his  bosom  a  crucifix  of  metal,  and  protested, 
with  very  many  tears,  by  the  God  which  that  image 
represented,  in  whom  he,  although  a  sinner  and  wicked 
man,  did  most  firmly  believe,  that  he   would   be   most 


56  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

loyal  and  secret  to  us  in  all  that  which  we  would  dis- 
cover unto  him  ;  for  it  seemed  to  him,  and  he  almost 
divined,  that  both  himself  and  we  all  should  recover  our 
liberties  by  her  means  that  did  write  the  letter;  and  he 
should  then  also  see  himself  in  the  state  which  he  most 
desired,  to  wit,  in  the  bosom  of  his  mother  the  holy 
Catholic  Church ;  from  which,  through  his  ignorance  and 
sin,  he  was  departed  and  divided  as  an  unprofitable  and 
corrupt  member.  The  runagate  said  this  with  so  many 
tears,  and  such  evident  tokens  of  repentance,  as  all  of  us 
consented  to  open  our  minds  unto  him,  and  declare  the 
truth  of  the  matter;  and  so  we  recounted  unto  him  the 
whole  discourse,  without  concealing  any  circumstance,  and 
showed  unto  him  the  window  by  which  the  cane  was  wont 
to  appear  ;  and  he  marked  the  house  from  thence,  and 
rested  with  special  charge  to  inform  himself  well  of  those 
that  dwelled  therein.  We  thought  also  that  it  was 
requisite  to  answer  the  Moorish  lady's  letter  ;  and  there- 
fore, having  him  present  that  could  so  well  perform  that 
task,  we  caused  the  runagate  to  draw  out  an  answer 
presently  as  I  did  dilate  it  to  him,  which  was  punctually 
such  as  I  will  recount ;  for  of  all  the  most  substantial 
points  that  befel  me  in  that  affair,  no  one  is  fallen  out  of 
my  memory,  nor  shall  ever  as  long  as  I  have  breath.  In 
effect  that  which  I  answered  to  the  Moor  was  this : 

'"The  true  Allah  preserve  you,  dear  lady,  and  that 
blessed  Marien  who  is  the  true  mother  of  God,  and  is  she 
that  hath  put  in  your  mind  the  desire  to  go  into  the 
Christian  countries,  because  she  doth  love  you  well. 
Pray  unto  her  that  she  will  vouchsafe  to  instruct  you  how 
you  may  bring  the  matter  to  pass  which  she  commandeth 
you  to  do  ;  for  she  is  so  good  as  she  will  easily  condescend 
to  do  it.  As  for  my  part,  I  do  promise,  as  well  for 
myself  as  for  these  other  Christians  that  are  with  me,  to 
do  for  you  all  that  we  are  able  to  do  until  death.  Do  not 
omit  to  write  unto  me,  and  acquaint  me  with  your 
purposes,  and  I  will  answer  you  every  time ;  for  great 
Allah  hath  given  us  a  captive  Christian  that  can  write  and 
read   your  language   well,   as  you   may   perceive   by  this 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  57 

paper  ;  so  that  you  may  securely,  and  without  any  dread, 
advise  us  of  all  that  you  shall  think  good.  And  as 
concerning  that  which  you  say,  that  you  will  become 
my  wife  after  we  arrive  to  the  Christian  countries,  I  do 
promise  you  the  same,  as  I  am  a  good  Christian ;  and 
you  shall  understand  that  the  Christians  do  accomplish 
their  words  far  better  than  do  the  Moors.  Allah  and 
Marien  his  mother  preserve  you,  my  dearest  lady  ! " 

*The  letter  being  written  and  enclosed,  I  expected  two 
days,  that  the  baths  might  be  free  of  concourse,  as  it  was 
wont,  which  as  soon  as  it  befel,  I  went  up  to  my 
accustomed  place  of  the  battlements,  to  see  whether  the 
cane  appeared ;  which  was  presently  after  thrust  out  at 
the  window.  And  as  soon  as  I  perceived  it,  although  I 
could  not  note  who  it  was  that  set  it,  I  showed  my  paper, 
to  give  them  warning  to  set  on  the  thread ;  but  it  was 
already  hanging  thereon  ;  to  the  which  I  tied  the  letter, 
and  within  a  while  after  began  to  appear  our  star,  with  the 
white  flag  of  peace,  and  the  knotted  linen ;  which  they  let 
fall,  and  I  took  up ;  and  I  found  therein,  in  divers  sorts 
of  money  and  gold,  more  than  fifty  ducats,  which  re- 
doubled our  joys  more  than  fifty  times,  and  confirmed  the 
hope  we  conceived  of  attaining  liberty.  The  very  same 
night  our  runagate  returned  to  us,  and  told  how  he  had 
learned  that  the  very  same  Moor  which  we  were  informed 
of  before,  called  Aguimorato,  dwelt  there,  and  was  excessive 
rich,  and  had  one  only  daughter,  the  heir  of  all  his  goods ; 
of  whom  the  common  opinion  throughout  the  city  was, 
that  she  was  the  fairest  woman  of  all  Barbary ;  and 
that  many  of  the  viceroys  that  came  there  had  de- 
manded her  to  wife,  but  she  would  never  condescend  to 
any  notion  of  marriage ;  and  that  he  likewise  had 
understood  that  she  had  sometimes  a  Christian  captive, 
which  now  was  deceased  :  all  which  agreed  with  the 
contents  of  the  letter.  We  presently  entered  in  council 
with  the  runagate  about  the  means  we  were  to  use  to 
fetch  away  the  Moor,  and  come  all  of  us  to  Christian 
lands  ;  and  in  the  end  we  concluded  to  attend,  for  that 
time,  the    second    advice    of  Zoraida    (for    so    was    she 


58  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

then  called,  who  now  means  to  name  herself  Maria), 
forasmuch  as  we  clearly  perceived  that  it  was  she,  and 
none  other,  that  could  minister  to  us  the  means  to 
remove  all  these  difficulties.  After  we  had  rested  on 
this  resolution,  the  runagate  bid  us  be  of  good  courage, 
for  he  would  engage  his  life,  or  set  us  at  liberty.  Four 
days  after,  the  baths  were  troubled  with  people,  which 
was  an  occasion  that  the  cane  appeared  not  all  that 
while ;  but  that  impediment  being  removed,  and  the 
accustomed  solitude  returned,  the  cane  did  again  appear, 
with  a  linen  hanging  thereat  so  grossly  impregned  as 
it  promised  to  be  delivered  of  a  most  happy  burden. 
Both  cane  and  linen  bent  themselves  to  me,  and  in 
them  I  found  another  paper,  and  a  hundred  ducats  in 
gold,  besides  other  small  money.  The  runagate  was 
present,  and  we  gave  him  the  letter  to  read,  the  effect 
whereof  was  this  : 

'  "  I  know  not,  good  sir,  what  order  to  give  for  our 
going  into  Spain,  nor  hath  Lela  Marien  told  me  any- 
thing concerning  it,  although  I  have  demanded  her 
counsel.  That  which  at  present  I  conceive  may  be 
done  is,  that  I  will  through  this  window  give  unto  you 
great  store  of  money,  wherewith  you  may  redeem  your- 
self and  your  friends.  And  let  one  of  you  go  into 
the  Christian's  country  and  buy  a  barque,  and  after 
return  for  his  fellows,  and  he  shall  find  me  in  my  father's 
garden,  which  is  at  the  gate  of  Babazon,  near  to  the  sea- 
coast,  where  I  mean  to  stay  all  the  summer,  with  my 
father  and  my  servants ;  from  whence  you  may  take 
me  out  boldly  by  night,  and  carry  me  to  the  barque. 
And  see  well  that  thou  wilt  be  my  husband  ;  for  if  thou 
wilt  not,  I  will  demand  of  Marien  to  chastise  thee  :  and 
if  thou  darest  trust  nobody  to  go  for  the  vessel, 
redeem  thyself  and  go,  for  I  know  thou  wilt  rather 
return  than  another,  seeing  thou  art  a  gentleman  and  a 
Christian.  Learn  out  the  garden,  and  when  I  see  thee 
walk  there  where  thou  now  art,  I  will  make  account  that 
the  bath  is  empty,  and  will  give  thee  great  store  of 
money.     Allah  preserve  thee,  my  dear  friend!" 


Chap.  XIII  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  59 

'  These  were  the  contents  of  the  second  letter,  which 
being  heard  by  us  all,  every  one  offered  to  be  himself 
the  ransomed  person,  and  promised  to  go  and  return 
with  all  punctuality,  and  among  the  rest  I  also  made  a 
proffer  of  myself;  to  all  which  resolutions  the  runagate 
opposed  himself,  saying  that  he  would  consent  in  no 
wise  that  any  one  of  us  should  be  freed  until  we  were 
all  together  delivered  ;  for  experience  had  taught  him 
how  evil  ransomed  men  were  wont  to  keep  those 
promises  which  they  passed  in  the  times  of  their 
thraldom  ;  for  many  times  certain  principal  captives 
had  made  that  kind  of  trial,  redeeming  of  some  one 
or  other  that  should  go  to  Valencia  or  Majorca,  with 
money  to  freight  a  barque  or  frigate,  and  return  for 
him  that  had  ransomed  them,  and  did  never  return 
again  ;  for  the  recovered  liberty,  and  the  fear  of  ad- 
venturing to  lose  it  again  concurring,  did  blot  out  of 
their  memory  all  the  other  obligations  of  the  world. 
And  to  confirm  the  truth  which  he  averred,  he  briefly 
recounted  unto  us  an  accident  which  befel  much  about 
the  same  time  to  certain  Christian  gentlemen,  the 
strangest  as  I  suppose  that  ever  happened  in  those 
quarters,  wherein  do  succeed  every  other  day  events 
full  of  wonder  and  admiration  ;  and  therefore  concluded 
that  what  ought  and  might  be  done  was,  that  they  would 
give  unto  him  to  buy  a  barque  such  money  as  they  meant 
to  employ  in  the  ransom  of  a  captive,  and  he  would  buy  it 
there  in  Algiers,  under  pretext  of  becoming  a  merchant 
and  sailor  in  Tetuan  and  that  coast.  And  being  once 
owner  of  a  barque,  he  would  easily  devise  how  to  have 
them  out  of  the  baths  and  embark  them  all  :  how  much 
more,  if  the  Moorish  lady  did  as  she  promised,  give  them 
money  enough  to  ransom  them  all,  was  it  a  most  easy 
thing,  they  being  free,  to  embark  themselves  at  mid-day. 
But  the  greatest  difficulty  in  this  affair  was,  that  the  Moors 
use  not  to  permit  any  runagate  to  buy  any  barque  or  other 
small  vessel,  but  only  great  vessels  of  war ;  for  they 
suspect  that  he  that  buys  a  barque,  specially  if  he  be  a 
Spaniard,  does  it  for  no  other  end  but  to  run  away  to 


6o  DON   QUIXOTE  BooklV 

Christian  countries.  And  yet  he  knew  how  to  facilitate  that 
inconvenience,  by  inducing  a  Tangerine  Moor  to  become 
his  partner  of  the  barque  and  the  gains  that  should  be 
gotten  by  the  commodities  thereof,  and  with  this  colour 
he  would  become  lord  of  it  himself,  and  therewithal 
accounted  the  matter  ended.  And  although  that  myself 
and  my  comrades  held  it  the  better  course  to  send  unto 
Mallorca  for  one,  as  the  Moorish  lady  said,  yet  durst  we 
not  contradict  him,  fearful  that  if  we  did  not  what  he 
would  have  us  to  do  he  would  discover  us  and  endanger 
our  lives,  if  he  did  once  detect  Zoraida's  practices,  for  the 
safeguard  of  whose  life  we  would  all  of  us  most  willingly 
adventure  our  own  ;  and  therefore  we  determined  to  put 
ourselves  into  God's  and  the  runagate's  hands.  And  so 
we  answered  at  the  same  instant  to  Zoraida,  telling  her 
that  we  would  accomplish  all  that  she  had  admonished  us, 
because  she  had  advertised  us  as  well  as  if  Lela  Marien 
had  told  her  what  she  should  say,  and  that  the  dilating  or 
shortening  of  the  affair  did  consist  only  in  herself.  I 
did  offer  myself  anew  to  become  her  husband  ;  and  with 
this  the  day  ensuing  wherein  the  bath  was  also  free,  she 
sent  me  down  at  divers  times  by  the  cane  two  thousand 
ducats  and  a  letter,  wherein  she  said  that  she  would  go  to 
her  father's  garden  the  next  Juma,  that  is,  the  Friday 
following,  and  that  before  she  went  away  she  would  give 
us  more  money ;  and  that  if  it  were  not  enough,  we  should 
advise  her,  and  she  would  give  unto  us  as  much  as  we 
would  demand  ;  for  her  father  had  so  much  treasure  as  he 
would  never  perceive  it ;  how  much  more,  seeing  she  had 
and  kept  the  keys  of  all.  We  gave  {ivQ  hundred  crowns 
presently  to  the  runagate  to  buy  a  barque,  and  with  eight 
hundred  I  redeemed  myself,  giving  the  money  to  a 
Valencian  merchant  which  was  at  that  season  in  Algiers, 
who  did  ransom  me  of  the  king,  taking  me  forth  on  his 
word,  which  he  passed  to  pay  my  ransom  at  the  arrival  of 
the  first  ship  that  should  come  from  Valencia  ;  for  if  he 
had  delivered  the  money  instantly,  it  would  have  given 
occasion  to  the  king  to  suspect  that  my  ransom  was  many 
days  before  in  Algiers,  and  that  the  merchant  had  kept  it 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  6i 

silently  to  make  his  benefit  thereof.     Finally,  my  master  was 
so  cavillous  as  I  durst  not  in  any  wise  pay  him  presently. 

*  The  Thursday  before  the  Friday  of  the  beautiful 
Zoraida's  departure  towards  the  garden,  she  gave  unto  us 
other  two  thousand  ducats,  and  did  likewise  advise  us  of 
her  going  away,  entreating  me,  that  as  soon  as  I  had 
ransomed  myself,  I  should  learn  the  way  to  the  garden, 
and  take  occasion  howsoever  to  go  to  it,  and  see  her. 
I  answered  her  briefly  that  I  would  do  so,  and  prayed  her 
that  she  would  carefully  commend  our  proceedings  to 
Lela  Marien  with  those  prayers  which  the  captive  had 
taught  her.  This  being  done,  order  was  also  given  for 
the  ransoming  of  my  three  companions  to  facilitate  our 
issue  out  of  the  baths,  and  also  that  they  seeing  me  free, 
and  themselves  undelivered,  might  not  be  troubled  or 
persuaded  by  the  devil  to  do  anything  in  prejudice  of 
Zoraida  ;  for  although  that  they,  being  the  men  of  that 
quality  they  were,  might  assure  me  from  this  fear,  I  would 
not,  for  all  that,  adventure  the  matter  ;  and  therefore  I 
caused  them  to  be  ransomed  by  the  same  means  that  I  was 
redeemed  myself,  giving  all  the  money  to  the  merchant, 
that  he  might  with  the  more  security  pass  his  word  for 
us  ;  to  whom  yet  we  never  did  discover  our  practice  and 
secret,  by  reason  of  the  eminent  danger  of  the  discovery 
thereof.' 


CHAPTER  XIV 

Wherein  the  Captive  prosecuteth  the  Pleasant  Narration 

of  his  Life 

*  Fifteen  days  were  not  fully  expired  when  the  runagate 
had  bought  him  a  very  good  barque,  able  to  hold  thirty 
persons  or  more  ;  and  for  the  better  colour  and  assur- 
ance of  his  business,  he  made  a  voyage  to  a  place  called 
Sargel,  which  is  thirty  leagues  distant  from  Algiers  towards 
the  side  of  Oran,  and  is  a  great  place  of  traffic  for  dry  figs. 


62  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

He  made  this  voyage  twice  or  thrice  in  company  with  the 
Tagarine  of  whom  we  made  mention  ;  and  the  name  of 
Tagarino  is  in  Barbary  given  to  the  Moors  of  Aragon, 
Granada,  and  Mudajares.  And  in  the  kingdom  of  Fez 
those  Mudajares  are  called  Elches,  and  are  the  nation 
which  that  king  doth  most  employ  in  warlike  affairs.  You 
shall  therefore  understand  that  every  time  he  passed  by 
with  his  barque,  he  did  cast  anchor  in  a  little  creek,  twice 
the  shot  of  a  crossbow  from  the  garden  wherein  Zoraida 
attended  ;  and  there  the  runagate  would,  in  very  good 
earnest,  exercise  himself  with  the  Moors  that  rowed,  either 
to  fly,  or  else  to  assault  one  another  in  jest,  as  he  meant 
to  do  after  in  good  earnest ;  and  would  now  and  then 
go  to  Zoraida's  garden  and  demand  fruits,  which  her 
father  would  bestow  upon  him,  without  knowing  what 
he  was  ;  and  although  he  desired  to  have  spoken  with 
Zoraida,  as  he  told  me  afterward  himself,  and  have  in- 
formed her  how  it  was  he  that  was  to  carry  her  away,  by 
my  direction,  into  the  land  of  Christians,  and  that  she 
should  therefore  live  cheerful  and  secure,  yet  was  it  never 
possible,  forasmuch  as  the  women  of  that  nation  do  not 
sufi^er  themselves  to  be  viewed  by  any  Moor  or  Turk,  if 
he  be  not  their  husband,  or  that  their  parents  command 
them,  yet  do  they  haunt  and  communicate  themselves  to 
Christian  captives  freely,  and  that  sometimes  more  than  is 
convenient.  And  truly  it  would  have  grieved  me  that  he 
should  have  spoken  to  her,  for  perhaps  it  would  have  per- 
plexed her  extraordinarily,  to  see  her  affair  committed  to 
the  trust  of  a  runagate  ;  but  God,  who  did  otherwise 
dispose  it,  did  not  concur  with  this  good  desire  of  our 
runagate,  who,  seeing  how  safely  he  went  and  returned 
from  Sargel,  and  that  he  sounded  when  and  where  he 
pleased,  and  that  the  Tagarino,  his  partner,  did  only  what 
he  liked,  and  that  I  was  ransomed,  and  nothing  else 
wanting  but  to  find  out  some  Christian  that  would  row, 
he  bade  me  bethink  myself  what  men  I  would  bring  away 
with  me  beside  those  that  I  had  ransomed,  and  that  I 
should  warn  them  to  be  ready  against  the  next  Friday, 
wherein  he  was  resolved  that  we  should  depart. 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S  STORY  63 

'Seeing  this,  I  spake  to  twelve  Spaniards,  very  lusty- 
rowers,  and  those  that  could  with  most  liberty  get  out  of 
the  city;  and  it  was  not  a  little  matter  to  find  so  many 
there  at  that  time,  for  there  were  twenty  galleys  abroad 
a-robbing,  which  had  carried  all  the  other  rowers  with 
them,  and  these  were  left  behind,  because  their  master  did 
keep  at  home  that  summer  to  finish  a  galley  that  was  on 
the  stocks  a-making.  To  these  I  said  nothing  else,  but 
only  warned  them  that  the  Friday  ensuing,  in  the  evening, 
they  should  closely  steal  out  by  one  and  one,  and  go 
towards  Aguimorato's  garden,  and  there  expect  me  until  I 
came  unto  them.  I  gave  this  advice  to  every  one  of  them 
apart,  with  order  also,  that  although  they  saw  any  other 
Christians  there,  they  should  tell  them  nothing  else  but 
that  I  had  commanded  them  to  expect  me  in  that  place. 

'  This  diligence  being  used,  yet  wanted  there  another, 
which  was  the  most  expedient  of  all,  to  wit,  to  advise 
Zoraida  of  the  terms  wherein  our  affairs  did  stand,  to  the 
end  she  might  be  likewise  ready  and  prepared,  and  not 
affrighted,  though  we  did  assault  her  before  the  time  that 
she  could  imagine  the  barque  of  the  Christians  to  be  come 
to  fetch  her  ;  and  therefore  I  resolved  to  go  myself  into 
the  garden,  and  see  whether  I  might  speak  with  her.  And 
taking  the  occasion  to  go  and  gather  some  herbs,  I  went 
unto  it  the  day  before  our  departure,  and  the  first  person 
with  whom  I  encountered  was  her  father,  who  demanded 
of  me,  in  a  language  which  in  all  Barbary  and  Constanti- 
nople is  usually  spoken  by  the  Moors  to  their  captives, 
and  is  neither  Arabian,  Spanish,  nor  of  any  other  nation, 
but  rather  a  mixture  of  all  languages,  wherewith  all  of  us 
understand  one  another :  he,  I  say,  in  that  kind  of  speech, 
demanded  of  me  what  I  sought  for  in  that  his  garden,  and 
to  whom  I  did  belong.  I  answered  that  I  was  one  Arnaute 
Mami  his  slave  (and  this  because  I  was  very  certainly  in- 
formed that  he  was  his  entire  friend),  and  that  I  came 
thither  to  gather  of  all  sorts  of  herbs  to  make  a  salad. 
He  consequently  asked  of  me  whether  I  was  a  man  of 
ransom  or  no,  and  how  much  my  master  demanded  for 
me.       And  being  in   those  questions  and  demands,  the 


64  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

beautiful  Zoraida  descended  from  the  house  into  the 
garden,  who  had  espied  me  a  good  while  before.  And 
as  the  Moorish  women  do  not  greatly  estrange  them- 
selves from  the  sight  of  Christians,  nor  are  in  their 
behaviour  or  conversation  with  them  anything  squeam- 
ish, as  we  have  said  already,  she  did  not  greatly  fear  to 
approach  the  place  where  her  father  talked  with  me, 
but  rather  her  father  perceiving  that  she  came  on  slowly, 
did  call,  and  commanded  her  to  draw  near. 

*  It  were  a  thing  impossible  for  me  to  recount  the 
great  beauty  and  gallant  disposition,  or  the  bravery  and 
riches  of  attire  wherein  my  beloved  Zoraida  then  showed 
herself  to  mine  eyes.  I  will  only  say  this,  that  there  hung 
more  pearls  at  her  ears,  superlative  fair  neck,  and  hair, 
than  she  hath  hairs  on  her  head  ;  about  the  wrists  of  her 
legs,  which  were  naked,  after  the  manner  of  her  country, 
she  wore  two  carcaxes  (for  so  the  manacles  or  bracelets  of 
the  feet  are  called  in  the  Moresco  tongue)  of  the  finest 
gold,  wherein  were  enchased  so  many  diamonds,  that,  as 
she  told  me  after,  her  father  valued  them  at  twenty 
thousand  crowns ;  and  those  about  the  wrists  of  her 
hands  were  of  equal  esteem.  Her  pearls  were  many,  and 
those  most  orient ;  for  all  the  chief  bravery  and  ornament 
of  the  Moorish  ladies  consists  in  the  adorning  of  them- 
selves with  pearls  and  pearl-seed,  by  reason  whereof  there 
is  more  pearls  and  pearl-seed  to  be  found  among  the 
Moors  than  among  all  other  nations  of  the  world.  And 
Zoraida's  father  had  the  fame  to  have  many,  and  those 
the  very  best  that  were  in  Algiers  ;  and  also  above  two 
hundred  thousand  ducats  of  Spanish  gold,  of  all  which 
was  she  the  lady  who  now  is  mine.  And  if  with  all  this 
ornament  she  could  then  seem  fair,  by  the  relics  that  have 
remained  unto  her  among  so  many  labours,  may  be  easily 
guessed  what  she  would  have  been  in  the  time  of  prosperity ; 
for  all  of  us  do  know  that  the  beauty  of  some  women 
hath  limited  days  and  seasons,  and  requireth  certain 
accidents  either  to  diminish  or  increase  it ;  and  it  is  a 
thing  natural  to  the  passions  of  the  mind,  either  to  raise 
or  abase  it,  but  most  commonly  they  wholly  destroy  it. 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S  STORY  65 

To  be  brief,  I  say  that  she  arrived  to  the  place  where  we 
discoursed  at  that  time,  most  richly  attired,  and  beautiful 
beyond  measure,  or  I  at  least  deemed  her  the  fairest  that 
I  had  ever  beheld  until  then  ;  and  herewithal,  remembering 
the  obligation  wherein  she  had  tied  me,  thought  that  some 
deity  had  presented  itself  to  my  view,  being  come  from 
heaven  to  the  earth  for  my  recreation  and  relief. 

*  As  soon  as  she  was  arrived,  her  father  told  her  in  her 
own  language  how  I  was  his  friend  Arnaute  Mami  his 
captive,  and  that  I  came  there  to  gather  a  salad  ;  then  she, 
taking  the  speech,  demanded  in  that  medley  of  tongues  of 
which  I  have  spoken,  whether  I  was  a  gentleman,  and 
what  the  reason  was  why  I  redeemed  not  myself.  I  made 
answer  that  I  was  already  ransomed,  and  by  the  ransom 
might  be  conjectured  in  how  much  my  master  valued  me, 
seeing  he  had  for  my  liberty  a  thousand  and  five  hundred 
coltamis.  To  this  she  answered,  *'  In  good  sooth,  if  thou 
wert  my  father's,  I  would  cause  him  not  to  give  thee  for 
twice  as  much  more  ;  for  you  Christians  are  great  liars, 
and  do  make  every  one  of  yourselves  poor  men,  to 
defraud  the  Moors  of  their  due  ransom."  "  It  may  well 
be  so,  madam,"  quoth  I  ;  "  but  I  have,  for  my  part,  used 
all  truth  in  this  affair  with  my  master,  and  do,  and  will 
use  truth  with  as  many  persons  as  I  shall  ever  have 
occasion  to  treat  with  in  this  world." 

'  "  And  when  dost  thou  go  away  ? "  quoth  Zoraida. 
"  To-morrow,  as  I  believe,"  quoth  I  ;  ^'  for  there  is  a 
French  vessel  here  which  sets  forth  to-morrow,  and  I 
mean  to  depart  in  her."  "  Were  it  not  better,"  replied 
Zoraida,  "  to  expect  until  vessels  come  out  of  Spain,  and 
go  away  with  them,  than  with  those  of  France,  which  are 
not  your  friends  ? "  "  No,"  quoth  I  ;  "  although  if  it 
were  true,  as  the  news  runs,  that  there  comes  a  vessel 
from  Spain,  I  would  attend  it ;  but  yet  it  is  more 
certain  that  I  shall  depart  to-morrow ;  for  the  desire 
I  have  to  see  myself  at  home  in  my  country,  and  with 
those  persons  whom  I  love,  is  so  great  as  it  will  not 
permit  me  to  expect  any  other  commodity  that  foreslows 
itself,   be  it  never  so  good."       "  Thou   art   doubtlessly 

II  E 


66  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

married  in  thy  country,"  said  Zoraida,  "  and  therefore 
desirest  to  go  see  thy  wife  ? "  "  I  am  not  married," 
quoth  I ;  ''  but  I  have  passed  my  word  to  marry  as  soon 
as  I  am  there  safely  arrived."  "  And  is  she  beautiful  to 
whom  thou  hast  passed  it  ? "  quoth  Zoraida.  '*  So 
beautiful,"  said  I,  "  as,  to  endear  it  and  tell  you  the 
truth,  she  is  very  like  unto  yourself."  Hereat  her  father 
laughed  very  heartily,  and  said,  "  In  good  earnest. 
Christian,  she  must  be  very  fair  that  may  compare  with 
my  daughter,  who  is  the  most  beautiful  of  all  this  king- 
dom ;  and  if  thou  wilt  not  believe  me,  look  on  her  well, 
and  thou  shalt  see  that  I  tell  thee  but  the  truth."  He 
himself,  as  most  perfect  in  the  tongue,  did  serve  for  the 
interpreter  of  most  of  our  speeches  :  for  although  she  could 
speak  that  illegitimate  language  which  is  there  in  use,  yet 
did  she  manifest  her  mind  more  by  signs  than  by  words. 

'  Whilst  thus  we  reasoned  of  many  matters,  there  came 
running  towards  us  a  certain  Moor,  and  told  his  master 
how  four  Turks  had  leaped  over  the  garden  walls,  and 
were  gathering  the  fruits,  although  they  were  not  yet 
ripe.  The  old  man  and  his  daughter  Zoraida  started 
hereat ;  for  it  is  an  universal  and  natural  defect  in  the 
Moors  to  fear  the  Turks,  but  specially  the  soldiers  of 
that  nation,  who  are  commonly  so  insolent,  and  have 
such  command  over  the  Moors  that  are  their  subjects,  as 
they  do  use  them  worse  than  if  they  were  their  slaves. 
Therefore  Zoraida' s  father  said  unto  her,  ''  Daughter, 
retire  thyself  into  the  house,  and  keep  thyself  in,  whilst  I 
go  speak  to  those  dogs.  And  thou.  Christian,  go  and 
seek  out  thine  herbs,  and  depart  in  a  good  hour ;  and  I 
pray  Allah  to  conduct  thee  safely  to  thy  country."  I 
inclined  myself  to  him,  and  he  departed  to  search  out  the 
Turks,  leaving  me  alone  with  Zoraida,  who  began  to  make 
ado  as  if  she  went  whither  her  father  had  commanded 
her.  But  scarce  was  he  covered  among  the  trees  of  the 
garden,  when  she  returned  to  me,  with  her  eyes  full  of 
tears,  said,  "  Amexi,  Christiano  .f^  amexi  .^^  "  that  is,  "Goest 
thou  away.  Christian  }  goest  thou  away  }''  I  answered, 
"  Yes,  lady,  that  I  do ;  but  I  will  never  depart  without 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  67 

thee.  Expect  me  the  next  Friday,  and  be  not  affrighted 
when  thou  shalt  see  us ;  for  we  will  go  to  the  Christian 
country  then  without  all  doubt."  This  I  said  to  her  in 
such  sort  as  she  understood  all  my  words  very  well ;  and, 
casting  her  arm  over  my  neck,  she  began  to  travel  with 
languishing  steps  towards  the  house ;  and  fortune  would 
(which  might  have  been  very  ill,  if  Heaven  had  not 
rectified  it)  that  as  we  walked  together  in  that  manner 
and  form,  her  father  (who  did  by  this  return,  after  he  had 
caused  the  Turks  to  depart)  espied  us ;  and  we  saw  also 
very  well  how  he  had  perceived  us ;  wherefore  Zoraida, 
who  is  very  discreet,  would  not  take  away  her  arm  from 
my  neck,  but  rather  drew  nearer  unto  me,  and  laid  her 
head  on  my  breast,  and  bowed  her  knees  a  little,  with 
evident  token  that  she  swooned ;  and  I  likewise  made  as 
though  I  did  sustain  her  up  by  force.  Her  father  came 
running  over  towards  us,  and,  seeing  his  daughter  in  that 
state,  demanded  the  cause  of  her ;  but,  seeing  she  made 
no  answer,  he  himself  said,  "  She  doubtlessly  is  dismayed 
by  the  sudden  affright  she  took  at  the  entrance  of  those 
dogs" ;  and,  taking  her  away  from  me,  he  bowed  her  to 
his  own  breast ;  and  she,  breathing  out  a  sigh,  with  her 
eyes  yet  full  of  tears,  said  again,  "Amexi,  Christiano, 
amexi," — "  Go  away.  Christian  ;  go  away."  To  which  her 
father  replied,  "  There  is  no  cause,  daughter,  why  the 
Christian  should  go  away  ;  for  he  hath  done  thee  no 
harm,  and  the  Turks  are  already  departed."  "  Sir,  they 
have  affrighted  her,"  quoth  I,  ^'  as  you  have  said  ;  but  yet 
since  she  hath  commanded  me  to  go  away,  I  will  not 
offend  her  ;  therefore,  rest  in  peace  ;  for  I  will  return,  if 
it  please  you  to  give  me  leave,  for  herbs  to  this  garden 
when  it  is  needful  ;  for  my  master  says  none  better  are 
to  be  found  for  salads  in  any  garden  than  you  have  in 
this."  "  Come  as  oft  as  thou  wilt,"  said  Aguimorato  ; 
"  for  my  daughter  says  not  this  in  respect  that  thou  or 
any  other  Christian  hath  offended  her,  but  that,  meaning 
to  say  that  the  Turks  should  go  away,  she  bade  thee  to 
depart,  or  else  she  spake  it  because  it  is  time  for  thee  to 
gather  thine  herbs." 


6S  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'  With  this  I  took  leave  of  both,  and  she  seemed  at  the 
instant  of  my  departure  to  have  had  her  heart  torn  away  from 
her  as  she  departed  with  her  father  ;  and  I,  under  colour 
of  seeking  herbs,  went  about  all  the  garden  at  my  leisure, 
and  viewed  all  the  sallies  and  the  entrances  thereof,  the 
strength  of  the  house,  and  the  commodities  that  might  be 
offered  to  facilitate  our  enterprise.  This  being  done,  I 
came  home,  and  made  a  relation  to  the  runagate  and  my 
other  fellows  of  all  that  had  passed,  and  did  long  infinitely 
to  see  the  hour  wherein  I  might,  without  any  aifright  or 
danger,  possess  that  happiness  which  fortune,  in  the  fair 
and  lovely  Zoraida,  offered  unto  me.  In  fine,  the  time 
passed  over,  and  the  so  much  desired  day  and  term  arrived; 
and,  every  one  of  us  following  the  order  which,  with  mature 
consideration  and  long  discourse,  we  had  agreed  on,  we 
found  the  good  success  we  desired  ;  for  the  very  Friday 
following  the  day  wherein  I  had  spoken  with  Zoraida  in 
the  garden,  Morenago  (for  so  was  the  runagate  called)  near 
night  cast  anchor  almost  right  before  the  place  wherein  the 
beautiful  Zoraida  remained.  The  Christians,  also,  that 
were  to  row  were  ready,  and  hidden  in  sundry  places 
thereabouts.  All  were  suspended,  and  resolutely  expected 
my  coming,  desirous  to  set  upon  the  barque  that  was 
before  their  face  ;  for  they  knew  not  of  the  agreement 
that  was  between  me  and  the  runagate,  but  rather  made 
full  account  that  they  were  to  gain  their  liberty  by  force 
of  arms,  and  killing  the  Moors  that  came  in  that  vessel. 

'  It  therefore  befel  that,  as  soon  as  I  and  my  fellows 
appeared,  all  the  rest  that  were  hidden,  and  espied  us, 
made  forthwith  over  towards  us.  This  was  at  an 
hour  when  the  city  gates  were  shut,  and  never  a 
body  abroad  among  all  those  fields.  And  when  we  were 
all  together,  we  were  in  doubt  whether  it  would  be  best 
first  to  go  and  fetch  Zoraida,  or  to  imprison  and  stone 
the  Taragin  Moors  that  rowed  in  the  frigate.  And  being 
in  this  doubt,  the  runagate  came  to  us,  asking  upon  what 
we  stayed,  for  it  was  now  high  time  to  be  going  away, 
and  all  his  Moors  were  reccheless,  and  the  greater 
number  of  them  asleep.     We  told  him  then  the  cause 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S  STORY  69 

of  our  stay.  And  he  answered  that  it  was  of  most 
importance  first  to  subject  the  vessel,  which  might  be 
done  with  very  great  facility,  and  without  any  peril ;  and 
that  we  might  go  after  for  Zoraida.  His  opinion  liked 
us  all  very  well ;  and  therefore,  without  lingering  any 
longer,  he  leading  the  way,  we  came  to  the  vessel,  and  he 
himself  leaping  in  first  of  all,  set  hand  to  his  falchion,  and 
said  in  Moresco,  ''  Let  none  of  you  that  is  here  stir  him- 
self, if  he  love  his  life."  And  saying  so,  all  the  rest  of 
the  Christians  entered.  The  Moors,  which  were  of  little 
spirit,  hearing  their  master  say  so,  were  marvellously 
amazed,  and,  without  daring  any  one  of  them  to  set  hand 
to  their  arms,  which  were  but  a  few  at  all,  they  suffered 
themselves  very  quietly  to  be  taken  and  bound  by  the 
Christians,  which  did  it  very  dexterously,  threatening 
them  that  if  they  did  let  slip  the  least  outcry,  they  should 
presently  be  all  put  to  the  sword.  This  being  finished, 
and  the  half  of  our  people  remaining  in  their  guard,  we 
that  were  left,  conducted  also  by  the  runagate,  went 
towards  Aguimorato's  garden.  The  door  thereof  did,  by 
very  good  hap,  open  with  as  little  noise  as  if  it  had  had 
no  lock  at  all ;  whereupon  we  went  with  great  quietness 
and  silence  towards  the  house,  unseen  or  espied  of  any. 

'  The  beautiful  Zoraida  was  the  while  expecting  us  at 
a  window,  and  as  soon  as  she  saw  people  approach, 
demanded,  with  a  low  voice,  whether  we  were  Nazarenes, 
as  if  she  would  say  or  ask  whether  we  were  Christians. 
I  answered  that  we  were,  and  willed  her  to  come  down. 
As  soon  as  she  knew  me,  she  stayed  not  a  minute,  but 
without  answering  any  word  came  down  in  an  instant, 
and,  opening  the  door,  showed  herself  to  us  all,  more 
beautiful  and  richly  attired  than  I  am  able  in  any  sort  to 
express.  As  soon  as  I  saw  her,  I  took  her  by  the  hand 
and  kissed  it;  the  same  did  the  runagate,  and  my  two 
comrades ;  and  all  the  rest,  which  knew  not  the  matter, 
did  as  they  had  seen  us  do  before  them ;  for  it  seemed 
that  we  did  no  more  but  give  her  thanks,  and  acknowledge 
her  the  auctress  of  all  our  liberties.  The  runagate 
demanded   of  her,    in   her    own   language,    whether    her 


70  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

father  were  in  the  garden  or  no.  She  answered  that  he 
was,  and  that  he  slept.  "  Then  will  it  be  requisite,"  quoth 
the  runagate,  "  to  rouse  him,  and  bear  him  and  all  the 
other  things  of  worth  in  this  garden  away  with  us." 
"  That  shall  not  be  so,"  quoth  she  ;  "  for  I  will  have  no 
man  to  touch  my  father ;  and  in  this  house  there  is  nothing 
of  value,  but  that  which  I  mean  to  carry  away  with  myself, 
which  is  so  much  as  will  be  sufficient  to  cheer  and  enrich 
you  all ;  as,  if  you  will  stay  but  a  while,  you  shall 
perceive." 

'  And  saying  so,  she  entered  again  into  the  house, 
promising  to  return  to  us  speedily,  and  bade  us  stand  still 
without  making  any  noise.  I  demanded  of  the  runagate 
what  speech  had  passed  between  them,  and  he  told  me  all 
she  had  said ;  and  I  answered  him  again,  that  I  would  not 
have  Zoraida's  will  transgressed  in  any  sort.  By  this  time 
she  returned  laden  with  a  little  casket  full  of  gold,  so  that 
she  was  scarce  able  to  bear  it.  And  her  father,  in  the 
mean  season,  by  bad  fortune,  awaked,  and  heard  the  noise 
that  was  beneath  in  his  garden ;  and,  looking  out  at  a 
window,  he  perceived  that  they  were  all  Christians  that 
were  in  it,  and  therefore  cried  out,  in  a  loud  and  unmeasur- 
able  manner,  in  the  Arabian  tongue, ''  Christians,  Christians  ! 
thieves,  thieves  !  "  by  which  cries  we  were  all  of  us  strucken 
into  very  great  fear  and  confusion.  But  the  runagate, 
seeing  the  peril  wherein  we  were,  and  how  nearly  it  con- 
cerned him  to  come  off  from  that  enterprise  before  he 
were  discovered,  ran  up  very  speedily  to  the  place  where 
Aguimorato  stood,  and  some  of  our  fellows  accompanied 
him  (for  I  durst  not  abandon  Zoraida,  who  had  fallen 
between  mine  arms  all  amazed)  ;  and  in  conclusion,  those 
which  had  mounted,  behaved  themselves  so  well,  as  they 
brought  Aguimorato  down  in  a  trice,  having  tied  his 
hands,  and  set  a  gag  in  his  mouth,  which  hindered  his 
speech,  threatening  him  that  if  he  did  speak  but  a  word  it 
should  cost  him  his  life. 

'  When  his  daughter  saw  him  she  covered  her  eyes, 
because  she  would  not  behold  him ;  and  he  marvelled, 
wholly  ignoring  with  how  good  a  will  she  came  away  with 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  71 

us.  But  then,  considering  that  nothing  was  so  requisite 
as  our  legs,  we  did  with  all  velocity  and  diligence  get  into 
the  frigate;  for  our  companions  did  perplexedly  expect 
our  return,  half  afraid  that  some  disgrace  had  befallen  us. 
Scarce  were  two  hours  of  the  night  overrun,  when  we  were 
all  embarked ;  and  then  we  unmanacled  Zoraida's  father's 
hands,  and  took  the  cloth  out  of  his  mouth.  But  the 
runagate  did  again  admonish  him  that,  as  he  tendered  his 
life,  he  should  not  speak  one  word.  He,  beholding  his 
daughter  likewise  there,  began  to  sigh  very  feelingly,  but 
chiefly  perceiving  me  to  hold  her  so  straitly  embraced,  and 
that  she  made  no  resistance,  nor  did  complain  or  seem 
coy,  but  stood  quiet ;  but  yet  for  all  that  he  kept  silence, 
fearing  lest  they  should  put  the  runagate's  menaces  in 
execution.  Zoraida,  seeing  herself  now  safe  within  the 
barque,  and  that  we  were  ready  to  row  away,  looking  on 
her  father  and  the  other  Moors  that  were  tied  therein,  she 
entreated  the  runagate  to  tell  me  how  she  desired  me  to 
do  her  the  favour  to  set  those  Moors  and  her  father  at 
liberty ;  for  she  would  rather  cast  herself  into  the  sea  than 
see  her  father,  who  had  loved  her  so  dearly,  carried  away 
captive  before  her  eyes,  and  that  also  by  her  occasion. 
The  runagate  told  me  her  mind,  and  I  answered  how  I 
was  very  well  pleased  it  should  be  so.  But  he  replied 
that  it  was  in  no  sort  expedient,  by  reason  that  if  they 
were  landed  there,  they  would  presently  raise  the  country 
and  put  the  whole  city  into  a  tumult,  and  cause  certain 
light  frigates  to  be  manned  and  sent  out  in  our  pursuit, 
and  lay  both  sea  and  land  for  us  in  such  sort  as  it  would 
be  impossible  for  us  to  escape ;  but  what  was  at  the 
present  possible  to  be  done,  was  to  give  them  liberty  at 
the  first  Christian  country  whereat  we  happened  to  arrive. 
'  All  of  us  agreed  to  this  opinion ;  and  Zoraida  also  (to 
whom  reason  was  given  of  the  motives  we  had,  not  to  free 
them  forthwith,  and  accomplish  her  will  therein)  remained 
satisfied;  and  therefore  presently,  with  joyful  silence  and 
cheerful  diligence,  every  one  of  our  lusty  rowers  seizing 
upon  his  oar,  we  began,  after  we  had  commended  ourselves 
unto    Almighty  God,   to  launch   forth,  and  address  our 


72  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

course  towards  the  isles  of  Mallorca,  which  is  the  nearest 
Christian  country  ;  but  by  reason  that  the  wind  blew  some- 
what from  the  mountains,  and  that  the  sea  began  to  be 
rough,  it  was  not  possible  to  continue  that  course,  and  so 
we  were  forced  to  approach  the  shore,  and  go  by  little  and 
little  towards  Oran,  not  without  great  grief  and  anguish, 
for  fear  to  be  espied  by  the  town  of  Sargel,  which  is  on 
that  coast,  and  falls  some  seventy  leagues  beyond  Algiers. 
And  we  did  likewise  fear  to  meet  in  that  passage  some 
galliot  of  those  which  come  ordinarily  with  merchandise 
from  Tetuan,  although  every  one  of  us  for  himself,  and 
for  all  together,  did  presume  that  if  we  encountered  a 
galliot  of  merchandise,  so  it  were  not  a  pirate,  that  not 
only  we  would  not  be  lost,  but  rather  would  take  the 
vessel,  that  therein  we  might  with  more  security  finish  our 
voyage.  Zoraida,  whilst  thus  we  sailed,  went  with  her 
head  between  my  hands,  because  she  would  not  look  on 
her  father ;  and  I  felt  her,  how  she  was  still  invoking  of 
Lela  Marien  to  assist  us.  And  having  sailed  about  some 
thirty  leagues,  the  morning  overtook  us  about  some  three 
musket-shot  from  land,  in  a  place  that  seemed  to  be 
desert,  and  free  from  all  access  of  those  that  might  discover 
us ;  and  yet  for  all  that,  we  got  by  might  and  main  some- 
what farther  into  the  seas  that  now  was  become  a  little 
calmer ;  and  having  entered  some  two  leagues  into  the 
main,  order  was  given  that  they  should  row  by  turns, 
whilst  they  did  refresh  themselves,  and  take  a  little 
sustenance,  for  the  barque  was  very  well  furnished  with 
victuals,  although  those  which  did  row  refused  the  offer, 
saying  that  then  it  was  no  time  to  repose,  and  that  they 
should  set  those  that  did  not  row  to  dinner,  for  thev  would 
not  yet  in  any  sort  let  go  their  oars.  It  being  done  as 
they  had  said,  the  wind  did  rise  so  much  as  it  made  us, 
abandoning  our  oars,  to  set  sail,  and  direct  our  boat 
towards  Oran,  being  unable  to  take  any  other  course.  All 
was  done  with  very  great  speed ;  and  so  we  made  by  the 
sail  more  than  eight  miles  an  hour,  free  from  all  other  fear 
than  that  of  encountering  some  vessel  of  war.  We  gave 
the  Moors,  our  prisoners,  their  dinner,  and  the  runagate 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  73 

comforted  them,  saying  that  they  went  not  as  prisoners, 
for  they  should  receive  their  liberty  upon  the  first  com- 
modity that  were  proffered.  The  same  was  likewise  said 
of  Zoraida's  father,  who  returned  them  this  answer  :  "  I 
would  easily  expect  and  believe  any  other  thing,  O 
Christians,  of  your  liberality  and  honourable  manner  of 
proceeding ;  but  do  not  think  that  I  am  so  simple  as  once 
to  imagine  that  you  will  give  me  my  liberty,  for  you  did 
never  expose  yourself  to  the  danger  of  despoiling  me 
thereof  with  intention  to  return  it  me  so  prodigally  again, 
especially  knowing,  as  you  do,  who  I  am,  and  the  profit 
you  may  reap  by  giving  me  it  again ;  to  which  profit,  if 
you  will  put  a  name,  and  tell  me  how  much  would  you 
demand,  I  do  even  from  hence  offer  unto  you  all  that 
which  you  will  seek  for  me,  and  for  that  unfortunate 
daughter  of  mine ;  or  if  you  will  not  deliver  me,  I  will  give 
you  it  for  her  alone,  who  is  the  greatest  and  the  best  part 
of  my  soul."  And  saying  so,  he  began  to  weep  so  bitterly 
as  he  moved  us  all  to  compassion,  and  forced  Zoraida  to 
look  upon  him,  who,  seeing  him  weep,  was  so  strangely 
moved  as,  arising  from  my  feet,  she  went  and  embraced 
her  father ;  and,  laying  her  face  upon  his,  they  began 
together  so  tender  a  lamentation  as  many  of  us  that  were 
in  the  barque  were  forced  to  keep  them  company.  But 
when  her  father  noted  her  to  be  so  richly  adorned,  and 
with  so  many  jewels  on,  he  asked  her  in  his  own  language, 
*'  How  haps  this,  daughter,  that  yesternight  late,  before 
this  terrible  disaster  befel  us  wherein  we  are  plunged,  I 
saw  thee  attired  in  thine  ordinary  household  array,  and 
that  now,  without  having  had  any  leisure  to  apparel 
thyself,  or  having  given  thee  any  glad  tidings,  for  whose 
solemnising  thou  oughtest  to  adorn  and  publish  thyself,  I 
do  view  thee  thus  clad  in  the  richest  attire  which  I  could 
bestow  upon  thee  when  our  fortune  was  most  favourable  ? 
Answer  me  to  this,  for  thou  hast  suspended  and  astonished 
me  more  than  the  very  disgrace  itself  wherein  I  am." 

*A11  that  the  Moor  said  to  his  daughter  the  runagate 
declared  unto  us ;  and  she  did  not  answer  a  word  to  him. 
But  when  he  saw  the  little  coffer  lie  at  one  side  of  the 


74  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

barque,  wherein  she  was  wont  to  keep  her  jewels,  and  that 
he  knew  very  well  he  had  left  at  Algiers,  and  not  brought 
to  the  garden,  he  was  much  more  amazed,  and  demanded 
of  her  how  that  coffer  was  come  into  our  possession,  and 
what  things  she  had  there  within  it.  To  which  the  runa- 
gate, without  attending  that  Zoraida  should  answer  him, 
said,  ''  Sir,  do  not  trouble  yourself  by  demanding  so  many 
things  of  your  daughter  Zoraida,  for  with  one  that  I  will 
say  I  shall  satisfy  them  all ;  and  therefore  you  shall  under- 
stand that  she  is  a  Christian,  and  hath  been  the  file  that 
cut  ojff  our  chains,  and  is  the  liberty  itself  of  our  captivity; 
and  she  goeth  along  with  us  of  her  own  free  will,  as 
content  (if  mine  imagination  do  not  wrong  me)  to  see 
herself  in  this  state,  as  he  is  that  cometh  out  of  darkness 
to  the  light,  from  death  unto  life,  and  out  of  pain  into 
glory."  ''  Is  it  true,  daughter,  which  this  man  says  ? " 
quoth  the  Moor.  "It  is,"  answered  Zoraida.  "That 
thou  in  effect  art  a  Christian,"  replied  the  old  man,  "  and 
she  that  hath  put  her  father  into  his  enemy's  hands  ? " 
To  which  Zoraida  answered,  "  I  am  she  that  is  a  Christian, 
but  not  she  that  hath  brought  thee  to  this  pass  ;  for  my 
desire  did  never  so  estrange  itself  from  thee  as  to  abandon 
or  harm  thee,  but  only  endeavoured  to  do  myself  good." 
"  And  what  good  hast  thou  done  thyself,  daughter  ? " 
"  Demand  that,"  said  she,  "  of  Lela  Marien,  for  she  can 
therein  inform  thee  better  than  I  can." 

'  Scarce  had  the  Moor  heard  her  say  so,  when,  with 
incredible  haste,  he  threw  himself  headlong  into  the  sea, 
wherein  he  had  been  questionlessly  drowned,  if  the  long 
apparel  he  wore  on  had  not  kept  him  up  a  while  above  the 
water.  Zoraida  cried  out  to  us  to  save  him  ;  and  so  we 
all  presently  ran,  and,  laying  hold  on  a  part  of  his  Turkish 
robe,  drew  him  up  half  drowned,  and  wholly  devoid  of 
feeling  ;  whereat  Zoraida  was  so  grieved,  that  she  lamented 
him  as  dolefully  as  if  he  had  been  dead.  There  we  laid 
him  with  his  mouth  downward,  and  he  avoided  a  great 
quantity  of  water,  and  after  the  space  of  two  hours  returned 
to  himself  again.  And  in  the  meantime,  the  wind  also 
turning,  it  did  drive  us  towards  the  coast,  so  that  we  were 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  75 

constrained  to  keep  ourselves  by  very  force  of  arms  from 
striking  upon  it  ;  and  our  good  fortune  directing  us,  we 
arrived  to  a  little  creek  at  the  side  of  a  certain  cape  or  pro- 
montory, called  by  the  Moors  the  Cape  of  the  Cava  Rumia, 
which  in  our  language  signifies  "  the  ill  Christian  woman." 
And  the  Moors  hold  it  for  a  tradition,  that  in  the  very 
same  place  was  the  Cava  buried,  for  whom  Spain  was  lost, 
and  conquered  by  the  Moors  ;  for  Cava  in  their  language 
signifies  an  ill  woman,  and  Rumia  a  Christian.  Yea,  and 
they  hold  it  for  a  sign  of  misfortune  to  arrive  or  cast 
anchor  there,  when  mere  necessity  drives  them  thither, 
without  which  they  never  approach  it  :  yet  did  it  not  prove 
to  us  the  shelter  of  an  ill  woman,  but  the  secure  haven  of 
our  safety.  We  sent  our  sentinels  ashore,  and  never  let 
the  oars  slip  out  of  our  hands.  We  did  likewise  eat  of 
the  runagate's  provision,  and  heartily  besought  Almighty 
God  and  Our  Lady  to  assist  and  favour  us  with  a  happy 
end  to  so  lucky  a  beginning.  And  we  agreed,  upon 
Zoraida's  entreaty,  to  set  her  father  and  the  other  Moors 
that  we  had  tied  a-land  in  that  place  ;  for  she  was  of  so 
tender  and  compassionate  a  mind  as  she  could  in  no  wise 
brook  to  see  her  father  tied  in  her  presence,  or  her  country- 
men borne  away  captives.  Wherefore  we  made  her  a 
promise  that  we  would,  at  our  departure,  let  them  all  go 
away,  seeing  we  incurred  no  danger  by  leaving  them  in  so 
desolate  a  region.  Our  prayers  were  not  so  vain  but  that 
they  found  gentle  acceptance  in  Heaven,  which  presently 
changed  the  wind  and  appeased  the  sea,  inviting  us  cheer- 
fully to  return  to  it  again,  and  prosecute  our  commenced 
voyage. 

'  Seeing  that  the  weather  was  favourable,  we  loosed  the 
Moors,  and  set  them  all  a-land  one  by  one  ;  and  coming 
to  disembark  Zoraida's  father,  who  was  by  that  time  wholly 
come  to  himself,  he  said,  "  For  what  do  you  conjecture, 
Christians,  that  this  bad  woman  is  glad  that  you  give  me 
liberty  ?  Do  you  think  that  she  doth  it  for  pity  that  she 
takes  of  me  ?  No,  truly  ;  but  she  doth  it  only  to  remove 
the  hindrance  my  presence  gave  her  when  she  would 
execute  her  unlawful  desires.     Nor  ought  you  to  believe 


"je  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

that  she  is  moved  to  change  religion  by  reason  that  she 
understands  yours  to  be  better  than  her  own,  but  only 
because  she  knows  licentiousness  to  be  more  publicly  and 
freely  practised  in  your  country  than  among  us."  And 
then,  turning  to  Zoraida,  whom  I  and  another  Christian 
held  fast  by  both  the  arms,  lest  she  should  do  some 
desperate  fact,  he  said,  ''  O  infamous  girl,  and  ill-advised 
maiden  !  where  dost  thou  run  thus  blinded  and  distracted, 
in  the  power  of  those  dogs,  our  natural  enemies  ?  Cursed 
be  the  hour  wherein  I  engendered  thee  !  and  cursed  the 
delights  and  pleasures  wherein  thou  wast  nousled  !  "  I 
perceiving  that  he  was  not  like  to  make  an  end  of  his 
execrations  so  soon  as  I  could  wish,  had  him  set  on  shore, 
and  thence  he  prosecuted  his  maledictions  and  plaints, 
praying  unto  Mahomet  that  he  would  intercede  with 
Allah  that  we  might  be  all  destroyed,  confounded,  and 
cast  away.  And  when  we  could  hear  his  words  no  longer, 
by  reason  that  we  set  sail,  we  perceived  his  works,  that 
were,  to  pluck  his  beard,  tear  his  hair,  and  cast  himself  on 
the  ground  ;  but  once  he  did  lift  up  his  voice  so  high,  as 
that  we  heard  him  say,  "  Return,  beloved  daughter,  return 
to  the  land  ;  for  I  do  pardon  thee  all  that  thou  hast 
done  :  and  deliver  that  money  to  those  men,  for  it  is  now 
their  own  ;  and  return  thou  to  comfort  thy  sad  and 
desolate  father,  who  will  forsake  his  life  on  these  desolate 
sands,  if  thou  dost  abandon  him." 

^  Zoraida  heard  him  say  all  this,  and  lamented  thereat, 
but  knew  not  how  to  speak,  or  answer  him  any  other 
thing  but  this :  "  Father  mine,  I  pray  Allah  that  Lela 
Marien,  who  hath  been  the  cause  of  my  becoming  a 
Christian,  may  likewise  comfort  thee  in  thy  sorrow. 
Allah  knows  well  that  I  could  do  none  other  than  I 
did,  and  that  these  Christians  do  owe  me  nothing  for  my 
good-will,  seeing  that  though  I  had  not  come  away  with 
them,  but  remained  at  my  house,  yet  had  it  been  im- 
possible (such  was  the  haste  wherewithal  my  soul  pressed 
me)  not  to  have  executed  this  my  purpose,  which  seems  to 
me  to  be  as  good  as  thou,  O  beloved  father,  dost  account 
it  wicked."     She  said  this  in  a  time  that  neither  her  father 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  'j^ 

could  hear  her,  nor  we  behold  him  ;  and  therefore,  after  I 
had  comforted  Zoraida,  we  did  thenceforth  only  attend 
our  voyage,  which  was  so  much  holpen  by  the  favourable 
wind  as  we  made  full  account  to  be  the  next  day  on  the 
coast  of  Spain.  But  as  good  very  seldom,  or  rather  never, 
betides  a  man  thoroughly  and  wholly,  without  being 
accompanied  or  followed  by  some  evil  which  troubles  and 
assaults  it,  our  fortune  would,  or  rather  the  maledictions 
of  the  Moor  poured  on  his  daughter  (for  the  curses  of 
any  father  whatsoever  are  to  be  feared),  that  being 
engulfed  three  hours  within  night,  and  going  before  the 
wind  with  a  full  sail,  and  our  oars  set  up,  because  the 
prosperous  wind  had  rid  us  of  the  labour  of  rowing,  we 
saw  near  unto  us,  by  the  light  of  the  moon  that  shined 
very  clearly,  a  round  vessel  which,  with  all  her  sails 
spread,  did  cross  before  us  into  the  sea,  and  that  so 
nearly,  as  we  were  fain  to  strike  down  our  sail,  that  we 
might  avoid  the  shock  she  was  like  to  give  us ;  and  those 
that  were  in  her  had  on  the  other  side  laboured  also  what 
they  might  to  turn  her  out  of  our  way,  standing  all  of 
them  on  the  hatches  to  demand  of  us  what  we  were,  from 
whence  we  came,  and  whither  we  did  sail.  But  by  reason 
that  they  spake  French,  the  runagate  bade  us  not  to 
speak  a  word,  saying,  "  Let  none  answer ;  for  these  are 
French  pirates,  which  make  their  booty  of  everybody." 
For  this  cause  none  of  us  answered ;  and,  being  passed 
a  little  forward,  and  that  the  ship  remained  in  the  lee 
of  us,  they  suddenly  shot  off  two  pieces  of  artillery, 
and  as  I  think,  both  of  them  had  chain  bullets,  for 
with  the  one  they  cut  our  mast  asunder,  and  overthrew 
it  and  the  sail  into  the  sea,  and  instantly  after  they  dis- 
charged another.  The  bullet  alighting  in  our  barque,  did 
pierce  it  through  and  through,  without  doing  any  other 
hurt ;  but  we,  seeing  that  our  vessel  began  to  sink,  began 
all  to  cry  out,  and  request  them  to  succour  us,  and  prayed 
them  that  they  would  take  us  into  their  vessel,  for  we 
were  a-drowning.  Then  they  came  amain,  and,  casting 
out  their  cock-boat,  there  entered  into  it  as  good  as  a 
dozen  Frenchmen,  well  appointed,  with  their  arquebuses 


78  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  matches  lighted,  and  so  approached  unto  us ;  and, 
perceiving  how  few  we  were,  and  that  the  barque  did  sink, 
they  received  us  into  their  boat,  saying,  that  because  we 
had  used  the  discourtesy  of  not  making  them  answer,  that 
misfortune  had  befallen  us.  Our  runagate  about  this  time 
took  the  coffer  wherein  Zoraida's  treasures  were  kept,  and 
threw  it  into  the  sea,  unperceived  of  any. 

*  In  conclusion,  we  went  all  of  us  into  the  great  vessel 
with  the  Frenchmen,  who,  after  they  had  informed  them- 
selves of  all  that  which  they  desired  to  know,  as  if  they 
were  our  capital  enemies,  they  afterwards  despoiled  us  of 
all  that  ever  we  had  about  us ;  and  of  Zoraida  they  took 
all,  even  unto  her  very  bracelets  that  she  wore  on  her 
ankles.  But  the  wrong  they  did  to  Zoraida  did  not  afflict 
me  so  much  as  the  fear  I  conceived  that,  after  they  had 
taken  away  from  her  her  most  rich  and  precious  jewels, 
they  would  also  deprive  her  of  the  jewel  of  most  prize, 
and  which  she  valued  most.  But  the  desires  of  that 
nation  extend  themselves  no  further  than  to  the  gain  of 
money ;  and  their  avarice  in  this  is  never  thoroughly 
satisfied,  and  at  that  time  was  so  great,  as  they  would 
have  taken  from  us  the  very  habits  of  slaves  that  we 
brought  from  Barbary,  if  they  had  found  them  to  have 
been  worth  anything.  And  some  there  were  of  opinion 
among  them,  that  we  should  be  all  enwreathed  in  a  sail 
and  thrown  into  the  sea,  because  they  had  intention  to 
traffic  into  some  havens  of  Spain,  under  the  name  of 
Britons,  and  that  if  they  carried  us  alive,  they  should  be 
punished,  their  robbery  being  detected ;  but  the  captain, 
who  was  he  that  had  pilled  my  beloved  Zoraida,  said  that 
he  was  so  contented  with  his  booty,  as  he  meant  not  to 
touch  any  part  of  Spain,  but  would  pass  the  Straits  of 
Gibraltar  by  night,  or  as  he  might,  and  so  return  again 
to  Rochelle,  from  whence  he  was  come :  and  thereupon 
they  all  agreed  to  give  us  their  cock -boat,  and  all  that 
was  necessary  for  our  short  voyage ;  as,  indeed,  they 
performed  the  day  ensuing,  when  we  were  in  the  view  of 
Spain ;  with  the  sight  whereof  all  our  griefs  and  poverties 
were    as  quite   forgotten    as    if  we   never    had    felt   any, 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  79 

so  great  is  the  delight  a  man  takes  to  recover  his  liberty. 
It  was  about  mid-day  when  they  put  us  into  the  cock, 
giving  unto  us  two  barrels  of  water  and  some  biscuit ;  and 
the  captain,  moved  with  some  compassion,  as  the  beautiful 
Zoraida  embarked  herself,  bestowed  on  her  about  forty 
crowns  in  gold ;  nor  would  he  permit  his  soldiers  to  despoil 
her  of  these  very  garments  which  then  and  now  she  doth 
wear. 

*  We  entered  into  the  cock-boat,  and,  giving  them 
thanks  for  the  good  they  did,  and  showing  at  our  depar- 
ture more  tokens  of  thankfulness  than  of  discontent,  they 
sailed  presently  away  from  us,  towards  the  Straits ;  and 
we,  without  looking  on  any  other  north  or  star  than  the 
land  itself,  which  appeared  before  us,  did  row  towards  it 
so  lustily,  that  at  sunset  we  were  so  near  as  we  made  full 
account  to  arrive  before  the  night  was  far  spent.  But  by 
reason  that  the  moon  did  not  shine,  and  the  night  was 
very  dark,  and  that  we  knew  not  where  we  were,  we  did 
not  hold  it  the  best  course  to  approach  the  shore  too  near  ; 
yet  others  there  were  that  thought  it  convenient  and  good, 
desiring  that  we  should  make  to  it,  although  we  ran  the 
boat  on  the  rocks,  and  far  from  any  dwelling  ;  for,  by 
doing  so,  we  should  free  ourselves  from  the  fear,  which 
we  ought  of  reason  to  have,  lest  there  should  be  up  and 
down  on  that  coast  any  frigates  of  the  pirates  of  Tetuan, 
which  are  wont  to  leave  Barbary  overnight,  and  be  on  the 
coast  of  Spain  ere  morning,  and  ordinarily  make  their 
booty,  and  turn  to  their  supper  again  to  Barbary,  the 
night  following  ;  but,  of  the  contrary  opinions,  that  which 
was  followed  was,  that  we  should  draw  near  the  land  by 
little  and  little,  and  that  if  the  quietness  of  the  sea  would 
permit  it,  we  should  take  land  where  we  might  best  and 
most  commodiously  do  it.  This  was  done  ;  and  a  little 
before  midnight  we  arrived  to  the  foot  of  a  high  and 
monstrous  mountain,  which  was  not  altogether  so  near  to 
the  sea  but  that  it  did  grant  a  little  patch  of  ground 
whereon  we  might  commodiously  disembark  ;  wherefore 
we  ran  ourselves  on  the  sands,  and  came  all  a-land,  and 
kissed  the  earth,  and,  with  tears  of  most  joyful  content 


8o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  delight,  gave  thanks  unto  our  Lord  God  for  the 
incomparable  favours  which  He  had  done  us  in  our 
voyage.  Then  took  we  out  our  victuals  from  the  boat, 
and  drew  itself  up  on  the  shore,  and  ascended  a  great  part 
of  the  mountain  ;  for  although  we  were  in  that  place,  yet 
durst  we  not  assure  ourselves,  nor  did  thoroughly  believe, 
that  it  was  a  Christian  country  whereon  we  did  tread. 

*  The  day  breaking  somewhat  slower  than  I  could  have 
wished  it,  we  ascended  the  mountain  wholly,  to  see  whether 
we  might  discover  any  dwelling  or  sheepfolds  from  thence ; 
but  although  we  extended  our  sight  unto  every  quarter, 
yet  could  we  neither  descry  dwelling,  person,  path,  nor 
highway  ;  yet  did  we  resolve,  notwithstanding,  to  enter 
into  the  land,  seeing  that  we  could  not  choose  but  discover 
ere  long  somebody  who  might  give  us  notice  of  the  place 
where  we  were.  And  that  which  afflicted  me  most  of  all 
was  to  see  Zoraida  go  afoot  through  those  rugged  places  ; 
for  although  I  did  sometimes  carry  her  on  my  shoulders, 
yet  did  the  toil  I  took  more  weary  her  than  the  repose  she 
got  could  ease  her,  and  therefore  would  never  after  the 
first  time  suffer  me  to  take  that  pains  again,  and  so  she 
went  ever  after  afoot  with  great  patience  and  tokens  of 
joy,  I  holding  her  still  by  the  hand.  And  having  travelled 
little  less  than  a  quarter  of  a  league,  we  heard  the  noise  of 
a  little  bell,  an  infallible  argument  that  near  at  hand  there 
was  some  cattle  ;  whereupon,  all  of  us  looking  very  wistly 
to  see  whether  anybody  appeared,  perceived  under  a  cork 
tree  a  young  shepherd,  who  very  quietly  and  carelessly 
was  carving  of  a  stick  with  a  knife.  We  called  to  him, 
and  he  leaped  up  lightly  on  foot,  and,  as  we  afterwards 
learned,  the  first  that  he  got  sight  of  were  the  runagate 
and  Zoraida  ;  whom  he  seeing  apparelled  in  the  Moresco 
habit,  thought  that  all  the  people  of  Barbary  had  been  at 
his  heels  ;  and  therefore,  running  very  swiftly  into  the 
wood,  he  cried  all  along,  with  marvellous  loudness, 
*'  Moors  !  Moors  are  in  the  land  !  Moors  !  Moors  !  Arm ! 
arm  ! ''  These  outcries  struck  us  anew  into  a  great  per- 
plexity, and  scarce  did  we  know  what  we  should  do ;  but 
considering  how  the  shepherd's  alarm  would  cause  all  the 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  8i 

country  to  rise  up,  and  that  the  horsemen  that  kept  the 
coast  would  presently  come  to  see  what  it  was,  we  all 
agreed  that  the  runagate  should  put  off  his  Turkish  attire, 
and  put  on  a  captive's  cassock,  which  one  of  the  company 
gave  unto  him  forthwith,  although  the  giver  remained 
after  in  his  shirt.  And  thus  committing  the  affair  unto 
Almighty  God,  we  followed  on  by  the  same  way  which  we 
saw  the  shepherd  had  taken,  always  expecting  when  the 
horsemen  of  the  coast  would  fall  upon  us.  And  we  were 
not  deceived  in  our  expectation,  for  within  two  hours  after, 
having  issued  out  of  those  woods  into  a  plain,  we  discovered 
about  some  fifty  horsemen,  which  came  running  towards 
us  as  swiftly  as  their  horses  could  drive  ;  and,  having 
perceived  them,  we  stood  still,  and  stayed  until  they  came 
to  us,  and  saw  instead  of  the  Moors  they  sought  for,  so 
many  poor  Christians,  and  remained  somewhat  ashamed 
thereat  ;  and  one  of  them  demanded  whether  we  were  the 
occasion  that  a  shepherd  had  given  the  alarm.  "  Yes," 
quoth  I  ;  and  as  I  was  about  to  inform  what  I  was,  and  of 
all  our  adventure,  and  from  whence  we  came,  one  of  the 
Christians  that  came  with  us  did  take  notice  of  the  horse- 
man who  had  spoken  unto  us  ;  and  so,  interrupting  my 
speech,  he  said,  ''  Sirs,  let  God  be  praised  which  hath 
brought  us  to  so  good  a  place  as  this  is  ;  for,  if  I  be 
not  deceived,  the  earth  which  we  tread  is  of  Velez-Malaga; 
and,  if  the  years  of  my  captivity  have  not  confounded  my 
memory,  you  likewise,  sir,  that  demand  what  we  be,  are 
Peter  of  Bostamente,  mine  uncle."  As  soon  as  ever  the 
Christian  Captive  had  spoken  those  words,  the  horseman, 
leaping  off  his  horse,  ran  and  embraced  him,  saying,  ''  O 
nephew,  as  dear  to  me  as  my  soul  and  life  !  now  I  do  know 
thee  very  well,  and  many  a  day  since  have  I  wept  for  thee, 
thinking  thou  wast  dead  ;  and  so  hath  my  sister,  thy 
mother,  and  all  the  rest  of  thy  friends  which  do  live  yet  ; 
and  God  hath  been  pleased  to  preserve  their  lives,  that 
they  may  enjoy  the  pleasure  to  behold  thee  once  again. 
We  knew  very  well  that  thou  wert  in  Algiers  ;  and,  by  the 
signs  and  tokens  of  thy  clothes,  and  that  of  all  the  rest 
here  of  thy  companions,  I  surmise  that  your  escape  hath 

II.  F 


82  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

been  miraculous  ? ''  "  Indeed  it  was  so,"  replied  the 
Captive  ;  "  and  we  shall  have  time,  I  hope,  to  recount  unto 
you  the  manner." 

*  As  soon  as  the  horsemen  had  understood  that  we  were 
Christian  captives,  they  alighted  off  their  horses,  and  every 
one  of  them  invited  us  to  mount  upon  his  own,  to  carry 
us  to  the  city  of  Velez-Malaga,  which  was  yet  a  league  and 
a  half  from  that  place  ;  and  some  of  them  went  to  the 
place  where  we  had  left  the  boat,  to  bring  it  to  the  city  ; 
whom  we  informed  first  of  the  place  where  it  lay  :  others 
did  mount  us  up  on  horseback  behind  themselves,  and 
Zoraida  rode  behind  the  Captive's  uncle.  All  the  people 
issued  to  receive  us,  being  premonished  of  our  arrival  by 
some  one  that  had  ridden  before.  They  did  not  wonder  to 
see  captives  freed,  nor  Moors  captived  there,  being  an 
ordinary  thing  in  those  parts  ;  but  that  whereat  they 
wondered  was  the  surpassing  beauty  of  Zoraida,  which  at 
that  season  and  instant  was  in  her  prime,  as  well  through 
the  warmth  she  had  gotten  by  her  travel,  as  also  through 
the  joy  she  conceived  to  see  herself  in  Christian  lands, 
secure  from  all  fear  of  being  surprised  or  lost ;  and  these 
things  called  out  to  her  face  such  colours  as,  if  it  be  not 
that  affection  might  then  have  deceived  me,  I  durst  aver 
that  a  more  beautiful  than  she  was  the  world  could  not 
afford,  at  least  among  those  which  I  had  ever  beheld. 

*  We  went  directly  to  the  church  to  give  thanks  unto 
Almighty  God  for  the  benefit  received  ;  and  as  soon  as 
Zoraida  entered  into  it,  she  said  there  were  faces  in  it 
that  resembled  very  much  that  of  Lela  Marien.  We 
told  her  that  they  were  her  images  ;  and  the  runagate, 
as  well  as  the  brevity  of  the  time  permitted,  instructed 
her  what  they  signified,  to  the  end  she  should  do  them 
reverence,  as  if  every  one  of  them  were  truly  that  same 
Lela  Marien  which  had  spoken  unto  her.  She,  who  had 
a  very  good  understanding  and  an  easy  and  clear  conceit, 
comprehended  presently  all  that  was  told  unto  her  con- 
cerning images.  From  thence  they  carried  us,  and  divided 
us  among  different  houses  of  the  city ;  but  the  Christian 
that  came  with  us  carried  the  runagate,  Zoraida,  and  me 


Chap.  XIV  THE   CAPTIVE'S   STORY  83 

to  the  house  of  his  parents,  which  were  indifFerently 
accommodated  and  stored  with  the  goods  of  fortune,  and 
did  entertain  me  with  as  great  love  and  kindness  as  if  I 
were  their  own  son.  We  remained  six  days  in  Velez,  in 
which  time  the  runagate,  having  made  an  information  of 
all  that  which  might  concern  him,  he  went  to  the  city  of 
Granada,  to  be  reconciled,  by  the  holy  Inquisition's  means, 
to  the  bosom  of  our  holy  mother  the  Church.  The  rest 
of  the  freed  captives  took  every  one  the  way  that  he 
pleased  ;  and  Zoraida  and  I  remained  behind,  with  those 
ducats  only  which  the  Frenchman's  courtesy  was  pleased 
to  bestow  on  Zoraida ;  and  with  part  of  that  sum  I  bought 
her  this  beast  whereon  she  rides  ;  I  myself  serving  her 
hitherto  as  her  father  and  her  squire,  and  not  as  her 
spouse.  We  travel  with  intention  to  see  if  my  father  be 
yet  living,  or  any  of  my  brothers  have  had  more  pros- 
perous hap  than  myself;  although,  seeing  Heaven  hath 
made  me  Zoraida's  consort,  methinks  no  other  good 
fortune  could  arrive,  were  it  never  so  great,  that  I  would 
hold  in  so  high  estimation.  The  patience  wherewithal  she 
bears  the  incommodities  usually  annexed  unto  poverty,  and 
the  desires  she  shows  to  become  a  Christian,  is  such  and  so 
great,  as  it  strikes  me  into  an  admiration,  and  doth  move 
me  to  serve  her  all  the  days  of  my  life  ;  although  that  the 
delight  which  I  take  to  see  myself  hers,  and  she  mine,  is 
ofttimes  interrupted,  and  almost  dissolved,  by  the  fear 
which  I  have  that  I  shall  not  find  in  mine  own  country 
some  little  corner  wherein  I  may  entertain  her,  and  that 
time  and  death  have  wrought  such  alteration  in  the  goods 
and  lives  of  my  father  and  brothers,  as  I  shall  scarce  find 
any  one  at  home  that  knows  me.  I  have  no  more,  good 
sirs,  to  tell  you  of  my  life's  history,  than  which,  whether  it 
be  pleasing  and  rare,  or  no,  your  clear  conceits  are  to 
judge.  As  for  myself,  I  daresay  that,  if  it  had  been 
possible,  I  would  have  told  it  with  more  brevity  ;  fearing 
it  might  be  tedious  unto  you,  I  purposely  omitted  many 
delightful  circumstances  thereof.' 


84  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 


CHAPTER   XV 

Which  speaks  of  that  which  after  hefel  in  the  Inn^  and  of 
Sundry  other  T!hings  worthy  to  be  known 

The  Captive  having  said  this,  held  his  peace;  and  Don 
Fernando  replied  to  him  thus  :  '  Truly,  captain,  the 
manner  wherewithal  you  have  recounted  this  marvellous 
success  hath  been  such  as  it  may  be  paragoned  to  the 
novelty  and  strangeness  of  the  event  itself.  And  so  great 
is  the  delight  we  have  taken  in  the  hearing  thereof,  as  I  do 
believe  that  although  we  had  spent  the  time  from  hence  till 
to-morrow  in  listening  to  it,  yet  should  we  be  glad  to  hear 
it  told  over  once  again.' 

And  saying  so,  Cardenio  and  all  the  rest  did  offer  them- 
selves and  their  means  to  his  service,  as  much  as  lay  in 
them,  with  so  cordial  and  friendly  words  as  the  Captive 
remained  thoroughly  satisfied  with  their  good  wits  ;  but 
specially  Don  Fernando  offered,  that  if  he  would  return 
with  him,  he  would  cause  the  marquis  his  brother  to  be 
Zoraida  her  godfather  in  baptism  ;  and  that  he,  for  his 
part,  would  so  accommodate  him  with  all  things  necessary, 
as  he  might  enter  into  the  town  with  the  decency  and 
authority  due  to  his  person.  The  Captive  did  gratify  his 
large  offers  very  courteously,  but  would  not  accept  any  of 
them  at  that  time.  By  this  the  night  drew  on,  and  about 
the  fall  thereof  there  arrived  at  the  inn  a  coach,  with  some 
men  a-horseback,  and  asked  for  lodging  ;  to  whom  the 
hostess  answered  that  in  all  the  inn  there  was  not  a  span 
free,  the  number  of  her  guests  was  already  so  many. 
'  Well,  although  that  be  so,'  quoth  one  of  the  horsemen 
that  had  entered,  '  yet  must  there  be  a  place  found  for 
Master  Justice  who  comes  in  this  coach.'  At  this  name 
the  hostess  was  afraid,  and  said,  '  Sir,  the  misfortune  is 
that  I  have  no  beds  ;  but  if  Master  Justice  brings  one  with 
him,  as  it  is  probable  he  doth,  let  him  enter  in  boldly,  and 
I  and  my  husband  will  leave  our  own  chamber  to  accom- 


Chap.  XV  NEW  ARRIVALS  85 

modate  his  worship.'  *  So  be  it/  quoth  the  squire  ;  and 
by  this  time  alighted  out  of  the  coach  a  man  whose  attire 
did  presently  denote  his  dignity  and  office,  for  his  long 
gown  and  his  great  and  large  sleeves  did  show  that  he  was  a 
judge,  as  the  serving-men  affirmed.  He  led  a  young  maiden 
by  the  hand,  of  about  some  sixteen  years  old,  apparelled 
in  riding  attire  ;  but  she  was  therewithal  of  so  disposed, 
beautiful,  and  cheerful  a  countenance,  as  her  presence  did 
strike  them  all  into  admiration  ;  so  as  if  they  had  not  seen 
Dorothea,  Lucinda,  and  Zoraida,  which  were  then  in  the 
inn,  they  would  hardly  have  believed  that  this  damsel's 
beauty  might  anywhere  have  been  matched. 

Don  Quixote  was  present  at  the  judge's  and  the  gentle- 
woman's entry  ;  and  so,  as  soon  as  he  had  seen  him,  he 
said,  '  Sir,  you  may  boldly  enter  and  take  your  ease  in  this 
castle,  which  although  it  be  but  little  and  ill  accommodated, 
yet  there  is  no  narrowness  nor  discommodity  in  the  world 
but  makes  place  for  arms  and  learning,  and  specially  if  the 
arms  and  letters  bring  beauty  for  their  guide  and  leader,  as 
your  learning  doth,  conducted  by  this  lovely  damsel,  to 
whom  ought  not  only  castles  to  open  and  manifest  them- 
selves, but  also  rocks  to  part  and  divide  their  cliffs,  and 
mountains  to  bow  their  ambitious  crests,  to  give  and  make 
her  a  lodging.  Enter  therefore,  I  say,  worshipful  sir,  into 
this  paradise,  wherein  you  shall  find  stars  and  suns  to 
accompany  this  sky  which  you  bring  along  with  you. 
Here  shall  you  find  arms  in  their  height,  and  beauty  in 
her  prime.'  The  judge  marvelled  greatly  at  Don  Quixote's 
speech,  whom  he  began  to  behold  very  earnestly,  and 
wondered  no  less  at  his  shape  than  at  his  words  ;  and 
knowing  not  what  answer  he  might  return  him,  he  was 
diverted,  on  the  other  side,  by  the  sudden  approach  of  the 
three  ladies,  Lucinda,  Dorothea,  and  Zoraida,  which  stood 
before  him  ;  for,  having  heard  of  the  arrival  of  new  guests, 
and  also  being  informed  by  the  hostess  of  the  young  lady's 
beauty,  they  were  come  forth  to  see  and  entertain  her. 
But  Don  Fernando,  Cardenio,  and  the  curate  did  give  him 
more  complete  and  courtly  entertainment  than  the  rusty 
knight.     In  effect,  the  judge  was  marvellously  amazed  at 


86  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

that  which  he  saw  and  heard  in  that  inn :  and  the  fair 
guests  thereof  bade  the  beautiful  maiden  welcome.  The 
judge  perceived  very  well  that  the  guests  of  the  inn  were 
all  men  of  account ;  but  Don  Quixote's  feature,  visage, 
and  behaviour  did  set  him  out  of  all  bias,  being  not  able  to 
conjecture  what  he  might  be.  And  after  some  court-like 
intercourses  passed,  and  the  commodities  of  the  inn 
examined,  they  all  agreed  again,  as  they  had  done  before, 
that  all  the  women  should  enter  into  Don  Quixote's  room, 
and  the  men  remain  without  in  their  guard :  and  so  the 
judge  was  content  that  the  damsel,  who  was  his  daughter, 
should  also  go  with  those  ladies,  which  she  did  with  a  very 
good  will ;  and,  with  a  part  of  the  innkeeper's  narrow 
bed,  and  half  of  that  which  the  judge  had  brought  with 
him,  they  made  shift  to  pass  over  that  night  the  best  they 
could. 

The  Captive,  who  from  the  instant  that  he  had  first  seen 
the  judge,  did  greatly  suspect  that  he  was  his  brother,  and 
demanded  of  one  of  his  servants  how  he  was  called,  and 
where  he  was  born.  The  other  answered  how  he  was 
called  the  licentiate,  John  Perez  of  Viedma,  and,  as  he  had 
heard,  he  was  born  in  a  village  of  the  mountains  of  Leon. 
With  this  relation,  and  the  rest  that  he  had  noted,  he 
finally  confirmed  his  opinion  that  it  was  the  brother  who, 
following  his  father's  advice,  had  dedicated  himself  to  his 
studies;  and,  full  of  joy  and  contentment,  calling  aside 
Don  Fernando,  Cardenio,  and  the  curate,  he  certified  them 
of  all  that  passed,  and  that  the  judge  was  his  brother. 
The  serving-man  told  him  likewise  how  he  went  towards 
the  Indies,  where  he  had  his  place  and  oflice  in  the  courts 
of  Mexico ;  and  also  that  the  young  gentlewoman  was  his 
daughter,  of  whose  birth  her  mother  had  died,  and  he  ever 
after  remained  a  widower,  and  very  rich  by  her  dowry  and 
portion  that  she  had  left  to  her  daughter.  He  demanded 
of  them  advice  how  he  might  discover  himself  to  his 
brother,  or  first  know  whether,  after  he  had  detected 
himself,  he  would  receive  him  with  a  good  countenance 
and  affection,  and  not  be  ashamed  to  acknowledge  him  for 
his  brother,  seeing  him  in  so  poor  an  estate.     *  Leave  the 


Chap.  XV  JUDGE   AND   CAPTIVE  87 

trial  of  that  experience  to  me/  quoth  the  curate,  '  and  the 
rather  because  there  is  no  occasion  why  you,  sir  captain, 
should  not  be  kindly  entertained  by  him  ;  for  the  prudence, 
worths,  and  good  countenance  of  your  brother  give 
manifest  tokens  that  he  is  nothing  arrogant.'  '  For  all 
that,'  said  the  captain,  *  I  would  not  make  myself  known 
on  the  sudden,  but  would  use  some  pretty  ambages  to 
bring  him  acquainted  with  me.'  '  I  say  unto  you,'  quoth 
the  curate,  ^that  I  will  trace  the  matter  in  such  sort  as  we 
will  all  rest  satisfied.' 

Supper  was  by  this  made  ready,  and  all  of  them  sat 
down  to  the  table,  the  Captive  excepted  and  ladies,  which 
supped  together  within  the  room ;  and  about  the  midst  of 
supper  the  curate  said,  '  Master  Justice,  I  have  had  in 
times  past  a  comrade  of  your  very  surname  in  Constanti- 
nople, where  I  was  sometime  captive,  who  was  one  of  the 
most  valiant  soldiers  and  captains  that  might  be  found 
among  all  the  Spanish  foot ;  but  he  was  as  unfortunate  as 
he  was  valorous  and  resolute.'  '  And  how  was  that 
captain  called,  good  sir.f^'  quoth  the  judge.  'His  name 
was,'  replied  master  curate,  *  Ruy  Perez  of  Viedma,  and  he 
was  born  in  a  village  of  the  mountains  of  Leon ;  and  he 
recounted  unto  me  an  occurrence  happened  between  his 
father,  him,  and  his  other  brethren,  which,  if  I  had  not 
been  told  by  a  man  of  such  credit  and  reputation  as  he 
was,  I  would  have  esteemed  for  one  of  these  fables  which 
old  wives  are  wont  to  rehearse  by  the  fireside  in  winter ; 
for  he  said  to  me  that  his  father  had  divided  his  goods 
among  his  three  sons,  and  gave  them  withal  certain 
precepts,  better  than  those  of  Cato ;  and  I  know  well 
that  the  choice  which  he  made  to  follow  the  war  had  such 
happy  success,  as  within  a  few  years,  through  his  forward- 
ness and  valour,  without  the  help  of  any  other  arm,  he 
was  advanced  to  a  company  of  foot,  and  made  a  captain, 
and  was  in  the  way  and  course  of  becoming  one  day  a 
colonel ;  but  fortune  was  contrary  to  him,  for  even  there 
where  he  was  most  to  expect  her  favour,  he  lost  it,  with 
the  loss  of  his  liberty,  in  that  most  happy  journey  wherein 
so  many  recovered  it,  to  wit,  in  the  battle  of  Lepanto.     I 


88  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

lost  mine  in  Goletta ;  and  after,  by  different  success,  we 
became  companions  in  Constantinople,  from  whence  we 
went  to  Algiers,  where  did  befall  him  one  of  the  most 
notable  adventures  that  ever  happened  in  the  world'  ; 
and  there  the  curate,  with  sufficient  brevity,  recounted  all 
that  had  happened  between  the  captain  and  Zoraida ;  to 
all  which  the  judge  was  so  attentive,  as  in  all  his  life  he 
never  listened  to  any  cause  so  attentively  as  then.  And 
the  curate  only  arrived  to  the  point  wherein  the  French- 
men spoiled  the  Christians  that  came  in  the  barque,  and 
the  necessity  wherein  his  companion  and  the  beautiful 
Zoraida  remained ;  of  whom  he  had  not  learned  anything 
after,  nor  knew  not  what  became  of  them,  or  whether  they 
came  into  Spain,  or  were  carried  away  by  the  Frenchmen 
into  France. 

The  captain  stood  listening  somewhat  aloof  off  to  all 
the  curate's  words,  and  noted  the  while  the  motions  and 
gestures  of  his  brother ;  who,  seeing  that  the  curate  had 
now  made  an  end  of  his  speech,  breathing  forth  a  great 
sigh,  and  his  eyes  being  filled  with  tears,  he  said,  '  Oh,  sir, 
if  you  had  known  the  news  which  you  have  told  me,  and 
how  nearly  they  touch  me  in  some  points,  whereby  I  am 
constrained  to  manifest  these  tears,  which  violently  break 
forth  in  despite  of  my  discretion  and  calling,  you  would 
hold  me  excused  for  this  excess.  That  captain  of  whom 
you  spoke  is  my  eldest  brother,  who,  as  one  stronger  and 
of  more  noble  thoughts  than  I  or  my  younger  brother, 
made  election  of  the  honourable  military  calling,  one  of 
the  three  estates  which  our  father  proposed  to  us,  even  as 
your  comrade  informed,  when,  as  you  thought,  he  related 
a  fable.  I  followed  my  book,  by  which  God  and  my 
diligence  raised  me  to  the  state  you  see.  My  younger 
brother  is  in  Peru,  and  with  that  which  he  hath  sent  to 
my  father  and  myself,  hath  bountifully  recompensed  the 
portion  he  carried,  and  given  to  him  sufficient  to  satisfy 
his  liberal  disposition,  and  to  me  wherewithal  to  continue 
my  studies  with  the  decency  and  authority  needful  to 
advance  me  to  the  rank  which  now  I  possess.  My  father 
lives  yet,  but  dying  through  desire  to  learn  somewhat  of 


Chap.  XV  JUDGE   AND   CAPTIVE  89 

his  eldest  son,  and  doth  daily  importune  God  with  in- 
cessant prayers  that  death  may  not  shut  his  eyes  until  he 
may  once  again  see  him  alive.  I  only  marvel  not  a  little, 
considering  his  discretion,  that  among  all  his  labours, 
afflictions,  or  prosperous  successes,  he  hath  been  so  care- 
less in  giving  his  father  notice  of  his  proceedings  ;  for  if 
either  he  or  any  one  of  us  had  known  of  his  captivity,  he 
should  not  have  needed  to  expect  the  miracle  of  the  cane 
for  his  ransom.  But  that  which  troubles  me  most  of  all  is 
to  think  whether  these  Frenchmen  have  restored  him  again 
to  liberty,  or  else  slain  him,  that  they  might  conceal  their 
robbery  the  better  ;  all  which  will  be  an  occasion  to  me  to 
prosecute  my  voyage,  not  with  the  joy  wherewithal  I 
began  it,  but  rather  with  melancholy  and  sorrow.  Oh, 
dear  brother,  I  would  I  might  know  now  where  thou  art, 
that  I  myself  might  go  and  search  thee  out,  and  free  thee 
from  thy  pains,  although  it  were  with  the  hazard  of  mine 
own.  Oh,  who  is  he  that  could  carry  news  to  our  old 
father  that  thou  wert  but  alive,  although  thou  wert  hidden 
in  the  most  abstruse  dungeons  of  Barbary  ?  for  his  riches, 
my  brother's,  and  mine,  would  fetch  thee  from  thence. 
O  beautiful  and  bountiful  Zoraida  !  who  might  be  able  to 
recompense  thee  for  the  good  thou  hast  done  to  my 
brother  ?  How  happy  were  he  that  might  be  present  at 
thy  spiritual  birth  and  baptism,  and  at  thy  nuptials,  which 
would  be  so  grateful  to  us  all.'  These  and  many  other 
such  words  did  the  judge  deliver,  so  full  of  compassion  for 
the  news  that  he  had  received  of  his  brother,  as  all  that 
heard  him  kept  him  company  in  showing  signs  of  com- 
passion for  his  sorrow. 

The  curate  therefore,  perceiving  the  happy  success 
whereto  his  design  and  the  captain's  desire  had  sorted, 
would  hold  the  company  sad  no  longer  ;  and  therefore, 
arising  from  the  table,  and  entering  into  the  room  wherein 
Zoraida  was,  he  took  her  by  the  hand,  and  after  her 
followed  Lucinda,  Dorothea,  and  the  judge  his  daughter. 
The  captain  stood  still  to  see  what  the  curate  would  do, 
who,  taking  him  fast  by  the  other  hand,  marched  over 
with  them  both  towards  the  judge  and  the  other  gentle- 


90  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

men,  and  saying,  '  Suppress  your  tears,  Master  Justice, 
and  glut  your  desire  with  all  that  good  which  it  may 
desire,  seeing  you  have  here  before  you  your  good  brother 
and  your  loving  sister-in-law.  This  man  whom  you  view 
here  is  the  Captain  Viedma,  and  this  the  beautiful  Moor 
which  hath  done  so  much  for  him.  The  Frenchmen  which 
I  told  you  of  have  reduced  them  to  the  poverty  you  see, 
to  the  end  that  you  may  show  the  liberality  of  your  noble 
breast.' 

Then  did  the  captain  draw  near  to  embrace  his  brother ; 
but  he  held  him  off  a  while  with  his  arms,  to  note  whether 
it  was  he  or  no  ;  but  when  he  once  knew  him,  he  em- 
braced him  so  lovingly,  and  with  such  abundance  of  tears, 
as  did  attract  the  like  from  all  the  beholders.  The  words 
that  the  brothers  spoke  one  to  another,  or  the  feeling 
affection  which  they  showed,  can  hardly  be  conceived,  and 
therefore  much  less  written  by  any  one  whatsoever. 
There  they  did  briefly  recount  the  one  to  the  other  their 
successes  ;  there  did  they  show  the  true  love  and  affection 
of  brothers  in  his  prime  ;  there  did  the  judge  embrace 
Zoraida  ;  there  he  made  her  an  offer  of  all  that  was  his  ; 
there  did  he  also  cause  his  daughter  to  embrace  her  ;  there 
the  beautiful  Christian  and  the  most  beautiful  Moor 
renewed  the  tears  of  them  all ;  there  Don  Quixote  was 
attentive,  without  speaking  a  word,  pondering  of  these 
rare  occurrences,  and  attributing  them  to  the  chimeras 
which  he  imagined  to  be  incident  to  chivalry ;  and  there 
they  agreed  that  the  captain  and  Zoraida  should  return 
with  their  brother  to  Seville,  and  thence  advise  their  father 
of  his  finding  and  liberty,  that  he,  as  well  as  he  might, 
should  come  to  Seville  to  the  baptism  and  marriage  of 
Zoraida,  because  the  judge  could  not  possibly  return,  or 
discontinue  his  journey,  in  respect  that  the  Indian  fleet  was 
to  depart  within  a  month  from  Seville  towards  New  Spain. 

Every  one,  in  conclusion,  was  joyful  and  glad  at  the 
Captive's  good  success ;  and  two  parts  of  the  night  being 
well-nigh  spent,  they  all  agreed  to  repose  themselves  a 
while.  Don  Quixote  offered  himself  to  watch  and  guard 
the  castle  whilst  they  slept,  lest  they  should  be  assaulted  by 


Chap.  XVI       THE  HISTORY  OF  THE  LACKEY         91 

some  giant  or  other  miscreant,  desirous  to  rob  the  great 
treasure  of  beauty  that  was  therein  immured  and  kept. 
Those  that  knew  him  rendered  unto  him  infinite  thanks, 
and  withal  informed  the  judge  of  his  extravagant  humour, 
whereat  he  was  not  a  little  recreated ;  only  Sancho  Panza 
did  fret,  because  they  went  so  slowly  to  sleep,  and  he 
alone  was  best  accommodated  of  them  all,  by  lying  down 
on  his  beast's  furniture,  which  cost  him  dearly,  as  shall  be 
after  recounted.  The  ladies  being  withdrawn  into  their 
chamber,  and  every  one  laying  himself  down  where  best 
he  might,  Don  Quixote  sallied  out  of  the  inn,  to  be 
sentinel  of  the  castle,  as  he  had  promised.  And  a  little 
before  day  it  happened  that  so  sweet  and  tuneable  a  voice 
touched  the  ladies'  ears,  as  it  obliged  them  all  to  listen  unto 
it  very  attentively,  but  chiefly  Dorothea,  who  first  awaked, 
and  by  whose  side  the  young  gentlewoman.  Donna  Clara 
of  Viedma  (for  so  the  judge's  daughter  was  called),  slept. 
None  of  them  could  imagine  who  it  was  that  sung  so  well 
without  the  help  of  any  instrument.  Sometimes  it  seemed 
that  he  sung  in  the  yard,  others  that  it  was  in  the  stable. 
And  being  thus  in  suspense,  Cardenio  came  to  the  chamber 
door,  and  said,  '  Whosoever  is  not  asleep,  let  them  give 
ear,  and  they  shall  hear  the  voice  of  a  lackey  that  so  chants 
as  it  likewise  enchants.'  *  Sir,'  quoth  Dorothea,  '  we  hear 
him  very  well.'  With  this  Cardenio  departed ;  and 
Dorothea,  using  all  the  attention  possible,  heard  that  his 
song  was  this  following. 


CHAPTER  XVI 

Wherein  is  recounted  the  History  of  the  Lackey^  with  other 
Strange  Adventures  befallen  in  the  Inn 

*■  I  am  a  mariner  to  love, 

Which  In  his  depths  profound 
Still  sails,  and  yet  no  hope  can  prove 
Of  coming  aye  to  th'  ground. 


92  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'  I  following  go  a  glist'ring  star, 
Which  I  aloof  descry, 
Much  more  resplendent  than  those  are 
That  Palinure  did  spy. 

*  I  know  not  where  my  course  to  bend, 

And  so  confusedly. 
To  see  it  only  I  pretend 
Careful  and  carelessly. 

*  Her  too  impertinent  regard, 

And  too  much  modesty, 
The  clouds  are  which  mine  eyes  have  barred 
From  their  deserved  fee. 

*  O  clear  and  soul-reviving  star ! 

Whose  sight  doth  try  my  trust, 
If  thou  thy  light  from  me  debar, 
Instantly  die  I  must.' 

The  singer  arriving  to  this  point  of  his  song,  Dorothea 
imagined  that  it  would  not  be  amiss  to  let  Donna  Clara 
hear  so  excellent  a  voice,  and  therefore  she  jogged  her 
a  little  on  the  one  and  other  side,  until  she  had  awaked  her, 
and  then  said,  '  Pardon  me,  child,  for  thus  interrupting 
your  sweet  repose,  seeing  I  do  it  to  the  end  you  may  joy, 
by  hearing  one  of  the  best  voices  that  perhaps  you  ever 
heard  in  your  life.'  Clara  awaked  at  the  first  drowsily, 
and  did  not  well  understand  what  Dorothea  said,  and 
therefore  demanding  of  her  what  she  said,  she  told  it  her 
again ;  whereupon  Donna  Clara  was  also  attentive ;  but 
scarce  had  she  heard  two  verses  repeated  by  the  early 
musician,  when  a  marvellous  trembling  invaded  her,  even 
as  if  she  had  then  suffered  the  grievous  fit  of  a  quartan 
ague.  Wherefore,  embracing  Dorothea  very  straitly, 
she  said,  '  Alas,  dear  lady !  why  did  you  awake  me,  seeing 
the  greatest  hap  that  fortune  could  in  this  instant  have 
given  me,  was  to  have  mine  eyes  and  ears  so  shut  as  I 
might  neither  see  nor  hear  that  unfortunate  musician.* 
*  What  is  that  you  say,  child  ? '  quoth  Dorothea.  '  Did 
you  not  hear  one  say  that  the  musician  is  but  a  horse- 
boy.?' *He  is  no  horse-boy,'  quoth  Clara,  'but  a  lord  of 
many  towns,  and  he  that  hath  such  firm  possession  of  my 


Chap.  XVI     THE  HISTORY  OF  THE  LACKEY  93 

soul,  as  if  he  himself  will  not  reject  it,  he  shall  never  be 
deprived  of  the  dominion  thereof.'  Dorothea  greatly 
wondered  at  the  passionate  words  of  the  young  girl, 
whereby  it  seemed  to  her  that  she  far  surpassed  the  dis- 
cretion which  so  tender  years  did  promise,  and  therefore 
she  replied  to  her,  saying,  '  You  speak  so  obscurely,  Lady 
Clara,  as  I  cannot  understand  you  ;  expound  yourself  more 
clearly,  and  tell  me  what  is  that  you  say  of  souls  and  towns, 
and  of  this  musician  whose  voice  hath  altered  you  so 
much.  But  do  not  say  anything  to  me  now,  for  I  would 
not  lose,  by  listening  to  your  disgusts,  the  pleasure  I  take 
to  hear  him  sing  ;  for  methinks  he  resumes  his  music  with 
new  verses,  and  in  another  tune.'  '  In  a  good  hour,'  quoth 
Donna  Clara ;  and  then,  because  she  herself  would  not 
hear  him,  she  stopped  her  ears  with  her  fingers ;  whereat 
Dorothea  did  also  marvel,  but  being  attentive  to  the  music, 
she  heard  the  lackey  prosecute  his  song  in  this  manner : 

'  O  sweet  and  constant  hope, 

That  break'st  impossibilities  and  briers, 
And  firmly  runn'st  the  scope 

Which  thou  thyself  dost  forge  to  thy  desires ! 
Be  not  dismay'd  to  see 
At  ev'ry  step  thyself  nigh  death  to  be. 

'  Sluggards  do  not  deserve 

The  glory  of  triumphs  or  victory ; 
Good  hap  doth  never  serve 

Those  which  resist  not  fortune  manfully, 
But  weakly  fall  to  ground, 
And  in  soft  sloth  their  senses  all  confound. 

*  That  love  his  glories  hold 

At  a  high  rate,  it  reason  is  and  just ; 
No  precious  stones  nor  gold 

May  be  at  all  compared  with  love's  gust  ; 
And  'tis  a  thing  most  clear, 
Nothing  is  worth  esteem  that  cost  not  dear. 

*  An  amorous  persistence 

Obtaineth  ofttimes  things  impossible ; 
And  so  though  I  resistance 

Find  of  my  soul's  desires,  in  her  stern  will, 
I  hope  time  shall  be  given, 
When  I  from  earth  may  reach  her  glorious  heaven.' 


94  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Here  the  voice  ended,  and  Donna  Clara's  sighs  began  ; 
all  which  inflamed  Dorothea's  desire  to  know  the  cause  of 
so  sweet  a  song  and  so  sad  a  plaint ;  and  therefore  she 
eftsoons  required  her  to  tell  her  now  what  she  was  about 
to  have  said  before.  Then  Clara,  timorous  lest  Lucinda 
should  overhear  her,  embracing  Dorothea  very  nearly,  laid 
her  mouth  so  closely  to  Dorothea's  ear,  as  she  might  speak 
securely  without  being  understood  by  any  other,  and  said, 
'  He  that  sings  is,  dear  lady,  a  gentleman's  son  of  the 
kingdom  of  Aragon,  whose  father  is  lord  of  two  towns, 
and  dwelled  right  before  my  father's  house  at  the  court ; 
and  although  the  windows  of  our  house  were  in  winter 
covered  with  cere-cloth,  and  in  summer  with  lattice,  I  know 
not  how  it  happened,  but  this  gentleman,  who  went  to  the 
school,  espied  me  ;  and  whether  it  was  at  the  church,  or 
elsewhere,  I  am  not  certain.  Finally,  he  fell  in  love  with 
me,  and  did  acquaint  me  with  his  affection  from  his  own 
windows,  that  were  opposite  to  mine,  with  so  many  tokens 
and  such  abundance  of  tears,  as  I  most  forcibly  believed, 
and  also  affected  him,  without  knowing  how  much  he  loved 
me.  Among  the  signs  that  he  would  make  me,  one  was, 
to  join  the  one  hand  to  the  other,  giving  me  thereby  to 
understand  that  he  would  marry  me  ;  and  although  I 
would  be  very  glad  that  it  might  be  so,  yet  as  one  alone, 
and  without  a  mother,  I  knew  not  to  whom  I  might 
communicate  the  affair,  and  did  therefore  let  it  rest  without 
affording  him  any  other  favour,  unless  it  were,  when  my 
father  and  his  were  gone  abroad,  by  lifting  up  the  lattice  or 
cere-cloth  only  a  little,  and  permitting  him  to  behold  me  ; 
for  which  favour  he  would  show  such  signs  of  joy  as  a  man 
would  deem  him  to  be  reft  of  his  wits. 

*  The  time  of  my  father's  departure  arriving,  and  he 
hearing  of  it,  but  not  from  me  (for  I  could  never  tell  it  to 
him),  he  fell  sick,  as  far  as  I  could  understand,  for  grief; 
and  therefore  I  could  never  see  him  all  the  day  of  our 
departure,  to  bid  him  farewell  at  least  with  mine  eyes ;  but 
after  we  had  travelled  two  days,  just  as  we  entered  into  an 
inn  in  a  village,  a  day's  journey  from  hence,  I  saw  him  at 
the  lodging  door,  apparelled  so  properly  like  a  lackey,  as 


Chap.  XVI      THE   HISTORY   OF   THE   LACKEY         95 

if  I  had  not  borne  about  me  his  portraiture  in  my  soul,  it 
had  been  impossible  to  know  him.  I  knew  him,  and 
wondered,  and  was  glad  withal ;  and  he  beheld  me, 
unwitting  my  father,  from  whose  presence  he  still  hides 
himself  when  he  crosses  the  ways  before  me  as  I  travel,  or 
after  we  arrive  at  any  inn.  And  because  that  I  know 
what  he  is,  and  do  consider  the  pains  he  takes  by  coming 
thus  afoot  for  my  sake,  and  that  with  so  great  toil,  I  die 
for  sorrow  ;  and  where  he  puts  his  feet,  I  also  put  mine 
eyes.  I  know  not  with  what  intention  he  comes,  nor  how 
he  could  possibly  thus  escape  from  his  father,  who  loves 
him  beyond  measure,  both  because  he  hath  none  other 
heir,  and  because  the  young  gentleman  also  deserves  it,  as 
you  will  perceive  when  you  see  him  ;  and  I  dare  affirm 
besides,  that  all  that  which  he  says  he  composes  extempore, 
and  without  any  study  ;  for  I  have  heard  that  he  is  a  fine 
student,  and  a  great  poet ;  and  every  time  that  I  see  him, 
or  do  hear  him  sing,  I  start  and  tremble  like  an  aspen  leaf, 
for  fear  that  my  father  should  know  him,  and  thereby 
come  to  have  notice  of  our  mutual  affections.  I  have 
never  spoken  one  word  to  him  in  my  life,  and  yet  1  do 
nevertheless  love  him  so  much,  as  without  him  I  shall  not 
be  able  to  live.  And  this  is  all,  dear  lady,  that  I  am  able 
to  say  unto  you  of  the  musician  whose  voice  hath  pleased 
you  so  well,  as  by  it  alone  you  might  conjecture  that  he  is 
not  a  horse-boy,  as  you  said,  but  rather  a  lord  of  souls 
and  towns,  as  I  affirmed.' 

*  Speak  no  more.  Lady  Clara,'  quoth  Dorothea  at  that 
season,  kissing  her  a  thousand  times  ;  *  speak  no  more,  I 
say,  but  have  patience  until  it  be  daylight  ;  for  I  hope  in 
God  so  to  direct  your  affairs,  as  that  they  shall  have  the 
fortunate  success  that  so  honest  beginning  deserves.' 
*  Alas,  madam ! '  quoth  Donna  Clara,  '  what  end  may  be 
expected,  seeing  his  father  is  so  noble  and  rich,  as  he 
would  scarce  deem  me  worthy  to  be  his  son's  servant,  how 
much  less  his  spouse  ?  And  for  me  to  marry  myselt 
unknown  to  my  father,  I  would  not  do  it  for  all  the 
world.  I  desire  no  other  thing  but  that  the  young  gentle- 
man   would    return    home    again   and   leave   me   alone ; 


96  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

perhaps  by  not  seeing  him,  and  the  great  distance  of 
the  way  which  we  are  to  travel,  my  pain,  which  now  so 
much  presseth  me,  will  be  somewhat  allayed  ;  although  I 
daresay  that  this  remedy,  which  now  I  have  imagined, 
would  avail  me  but  little  ;  for  I  know  not  whence  with 
the  vengeance,  or  by  what  way  this  affection  which  I  bear 
him  got  into  me,  seeing  both  I  and  he  are  so  young  as  we 
be,  for  I  believe  we  are  much  of  an  age,  and  I  am  not  yet 
full  sixteen,  nor  shall  be,  as  my  father  says,  until  Michael- 
mas next.*  Dorothea  could  not  contain  her  laughter, 
hearing  how  childishly  Donna  Clara  spoke  ;  to  whom  she 
said,  '  Lady,  let  us  repose  again,  and  sleep  that  little  part 
of  the  night  which  remains ;  and  when  God  sends  daylight, 
we  will  prosper,  or  my  hands  shall  fail  me/  With  this 
they  held  their  peace,  and  all  the  inn  was  drowned  in 
profound  silence  ;  only  the  innkeeper's  daughter  and 
Maritornes  were  not  asleep,  but  knowing  very  well  Don 
Quixote's  peccant  humour,  and  that  he  was  armed  and  on 
horseback  without  the  inn  keeping  guard,  both  of  them 
consorted  together,  and  agreed  to  be  someway  merry  with 
him,  or  at  least  to  pass  over  some  time  in  hearing  him 
speak  ravingly. 

It  is  therefore  to  be  understood  that  there  was  not  in  all 
the  inn  any  window  which  looked  out  into  the  field,  but 
one  hole  in  a  barn,  out  of  which  they  were  wont  to  cast 
their  straw.  To  this  hole  came  the  two  demi-damsels, 
and  saw  Don  Quixote  mounted  and  leaning  on  his  javelin, 
and  breathing  forth  ever  and  anon  so  doleful  and  deep 
sighs,  as  it  seemed  his  soul  was  plucked  away  by  every  one 
of  them  ;  and  they  noted  besides  how  he  said,  with  a  soft 
and  amorous  voice,  '  O  my  lady  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  !  the 
sun  of  all  beauty,  the  end  and  quintessence  of  discretion,  the 
treasury  of  sweet  countenance  and  carriage,  the  storehouse 
of  honesty,  and.  finally,  the  idea  of  all  that  which  is  profit- 
able, modest,  or  delightful  in  the  world  !  and  what  might 
thy  ladyship  be  doing  at  this  present  ?  Hast  thou  perhaps 
thy  mind  now  upon  thy  captive  knight,  that  most  wittingly 
exposeth  himself  to  so  many  dangers  for  thy  sake  ?  Give 
unto  me  tidings  of  her,  O   thou  luminary  of  the   three 


Chap.  XVI  MARITORNES'   PLOT  97 

faces!  Peradventure  thou  dost  now  with  envy  enough 
behold  her,  either  walking  through  some  gallery  of  her 
sumptuous  palaces,  or  leaning  on  some  bay-window,  and 
thinking  how  (saving  her  honour  and  greatness)  she  shall 
mitigate  and  assuage  the  torture  which  this  mine  oppressed 
heart  endures  for  her  love,  what  glory  she  shall  give  for 
my  pains,  what  quiet  to  my  cares,  what  life  to  my  death, 
and  what  guerdon  to  my  services.  And  thou,  sun,  which 
art,  as  I  believe,  by  this  time  saddling  of  thy  horses  to  get 
away  early  and  go  out  to  see  my  mistress,  I  request  thee, 
as  soon  as  thou  shalt  see  her,  to  salute  her  in  my  behalf; 
but  beware  that  when  thou  lookest  on  her  and  dost  greet 
her,  that  thou  do  not  kiss  her  on  the  face  ;  for  if  thou  dost, 
I  become  more  jealous  of  thee  than  ever  thou  wast  of  the 
swift  ingrate  which  made  thee  to  run  and  sweat  so  much 
through  the  plains  of  Thessaly  or  the  brinks  of  Peneus ; 
for  I  have  forgotten  through  which  of  them  thou  rannest 
so  jealous  and  enamoured.' 

To  this  point  arrived  Don  Quixote,  when  the  innkeeper's 
daughter  began  to  call  him  softly  unto  her,  and  say,  '  Sir 
knight,  approach  a  little  hitherward,  if  you  please  ' ;  at 
which  voice  Don  Quixote  turned  his  head,  and  saw  by  the 
light  of  the  moon  which  shined  then  very  clearly,  that  he 
was  called  to  from  the  hole,  which  he  accounted  to  be  a 
fair  window  full  of  iron  bars,  and  those  costly  gilded  with 
gold,  well  befitting  so  rich  a  castle  as  he  imagined  that  inn 
to  be ;  and  presently  in  a  moment  he  forged  to  his  own 
fancy,  that  once  again,  as  [s]he  had  done  before,  the  beautiful 
damsel,  daughter  to  the  lady  of  that  castle,  overcome  by 
his  love,  did  return  to  solicit  him ;  and  with  this  thought, 
because  he  would  not  show  himself  discourteous  and 
ungrateful,  he  turned  Rozinante  about  and  came  over  to 
the  hole;  and  then,  having  beheld  the  two  wenches,  he 
said,  '  I  take  pity  on  you,  beautiful  lady,  that  you  have 
placed  your  amorous  thoughts  in  a  place  whence  it  is  not 
possible  to  have  any  correspondence  answerable  to  the 
desert  of  your  high  worth  and  beauty,  whereof  you  are  in 
no  sort  to  condemn  this  miserable  knight-errant,  whom 
love  hath  wholly  disabled  to  surrender  his  will  to  be  any 

II.  G 


98  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

other  than  to  her  whom  at  the  first  sight  he  made  absolute 
mistress  of  his  soul.  Pardon  me  therefore,  good  lady,  and 
retire  yourself  to  your  chamber,  and  make  me  not,  by  any 
further  insinuation  of  your  desires,  more  unthankful  and 
discourteous  than  I  would  be ;  and  if,  through  the  love 
that  you  bear  me,  you  find  in  me  any  other  thing  where- 
withal I  may  serve  and  pleasure  you,  so  that  it  be  not  love 
itself,  demand  it  boldly ;  for  I  do  swear  unto  you  by  mine 
absen[t],  yet  sweetest  enemy,  to  bestow  it  upon  you  incon- 
tinently, yea,  though  it  be  a  lock  of  Medusa's  hairs,  which 
are  all  of  snakes,  or  the  very  sunbeams  enclosed  in  a  vial 
of  glass.' 

'  My  lady  needs  none  of  those  things,  sir  knight,' 
answered  Maritornes.  *  What  doth  she  then  want, 
discreet  matron  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  *  Only  one  of 
your  fair  hands,'  said  Maritornes,  '  that  therewithal  she 
may  disburden  herself  of  some  part  of  those  violent  desires 
which  compelled  her  to  come  to  this  window,  with  so 
great  danger  of  her  honour ;  for  if  her  lord  and  father 
knew  of  her  coming,  the  least  slice  he  would  take  off  her 
should  be  at  the  least  an  ear.'  '  I  would  fain  once  see 
that,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  '  but  I  am  sure  he  will  beware 
how  he  do  it,  if  he  have  no  list  to  make  the  most  dis- 
astrous end  that  ever  father  made  in  this  world,  for  having 
laid  violent  hands  on  the  delicate  limbs  of  his  amorous 
daughter.'  Maritornes  verily  persuaded  herself  that  Don 
Quixote  would  give  up  his  hand  as  he  was  requested,  and 
having  already  contrived  in  her  mind  what  she  would  do, 
descended  with  all  haste  from  the  hole,  and,  going  into 
the  stable,  fetched  out  Sancho  Panza  his  ass's  halter,  and 
returned  again  with  very  great  speed,  just  as  Don  Quixote 
(standing  up  on  Rozinante's  saddle,  that  he  might  the 
better  reach  the  barred  windows,  whereat  he  imagined  the 
wounded  damsel  remained)  did,  stretching  up  his  hand, 
say  unto  her,  '  Hold,  lady,  the  hand,  or  as  I  may  better 
say,  the  executioner  of  earthly  miscreants ;  hold,  I  say, 
that  hand,  which  no  other  woman  ever  touched  before,  not 
even  she  herself  that  hath  entire  possession  of  my  whole 
body,  nor  do  I  give  it  to  you  to  the  end  you  should  kiss 


Chap.  XVI  MARITORNES'   PLOT  99 

it,  but  that  you  may  behold  the  contexture  of  the  sinews, 
the  knitting  of  the  muscles,  and  the  spaciosity  and  breadth 
of  the  veins,  whereby  you  may  collect  how  great  ought 
the  force  of  that  arm  to  be  whereunto  such  a  hand  is  knit.' 
'  We  shall  see  that  presently,'  quoth  Maritornes  ;  and  then, 
making  a  running  knot  on  the  halter,  she  cast  it  on  the 
wrist  of  his  hand,  and  then  descending  from  the  hole,  she 
tied  the  other  end  of  the  halter  very  fast  to  the  lock  of 
the  barn  door.  Don  Quixote,  feeling  the  roughness  of 
the  halter  about  his  wrist,  said,  '  It  rather  seems  that  you 
grate  my  hand  than  that  you  cherish  it ;  but  yet  I  pray 
you  not  to  handle  it  so  roughly,  seeing  it  is  in  no  fault  of 
the  evil  which  my  will  doth  unto  you ;  nor  is  it  comely 
that  you  should  revenge  or  disburden  the  whole  bulk  of 
your  indignation  on  so  small  a  part :  remember  that  those 
which  love  well  do  not  take  so  cruel  revenge.'  But 
nobody  gave  ear  to  these  words  of  Don  Quixote's  ;  for  as 
soon  as  Maritornes  had  tied  him,  she  and  the  other,  almost 
burst  for  laughter,  ran  away,  and  left  him  tied  in  such 
manner  as  it  was  impossible  for  him  to  loose  himself. 

He  stood,  as  we  have  recounted,  on  Rozinante  his 
saddle,  having  all  his  arm  thrust  in  at  the  hole,  and 
fastened  by  the  wrist  to  the  lock,  and  was  in  very  great 
doubt  and  fear  that  if  Rozinante  budged  never  so  little  on 
any  side  he  should  fall  and  hang  by  the  arm ;  and  there- 
fore he  durst  not  once  use  the  least  motion  of  the  world, 
although  he  might  well  have  expected,  from  Rozinante's 
patience  and  mild  spirit,  that  if  he  were  suffered,  he  would 
stand  still  a  whole  age  without  stirring  himself.  In  fine, 
Don  Quixote  seeing  himself  tied,  and  that  the  ladies  were 
departed,  began  straight  to  imagine  that  all  that  had  been 
done  by  way  of  enchantment,  as  the  last  time,  when  in  the 
very  same  castle  the  enchanted  Moor  (the  carrier)  had  so 
fairly  belaboured  him  ;  and  then  to  himself  did  he  execrate 
his  own  want  of  discretion  and  discourse,  seeing  that 
having  escaped  out  of  that  castle  so  evil  dight  the  first 
time,  he  would  after  adventure  to  enter  into  it  the  second; 
for  it  was  generally  observed  by  knights-errant  that  when 
they  had  once  tried  an  adventure,  and  could  not  finish  it, 


lOO  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

it  was  a  token  that  it  was  not  reserved  for  them,  but  for 
some  other ;  and  therefore  would  never  prove  it  again. 
Yet  for  all  this  he  drew  forward  his  arm  to  see  if  he  might 
deliver  himself;  but  he  was  so  well  bound  as  all  his 
endeavours  proved  vain.  It  is  true  that  he  drew  it  very 
warily,  lest  Rozinante  should  stir  ;  and  although  he  would 
fain  have  sat  and  settled  himself  in  the  saddle,  yet  could  he 
do  no  other  but  stand,  or  leave  the  arm  behind.  There 
was  many  a  wish  for  Amadis  his  sword,  against  which  no 
enchantment  whatsoever  could  prevail ;  there  succeeded  the 
malediction  of  his  fates;  there  the  exaggerating  of  the 
want  that  the  world  should  have  of  his  presence  all  the 
while  he  abode  enchanted  (as  he  infallibly  believed  he  was) 
in  that  place  ;  there  he  anew  remembered  his  beloved  Lady 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso ;  there  did  he  call  oft  enough  on  his 
good  squire  Sancho  Panza,  who,  entombed  in  the  bowels 
of  sleep,  and  stretched  along  on  the  pannel  of  his  ass,  did 
dream  at  that  instant  but  little  of  the  mother  that  bore 
him ;  there  he  invoked  the  wise  men  Lirgandeo  and 
Alquife  to  help  him.  And  finally,  the  morning  did 
also  there  overtake  him  so  full  of  despair  and  confusion 
as  he  roared  like  a  bull ;  for  he  had  no  hope  that  by 
daylight  any  cure  could  be  found  for  his  care,  which  he 
deemed  would  be  everlasting,  because  he  fully  accounted 
himself  enchanted  ;  and  was  the  more  induced  to  think 
so,  because  he  saw  that  Rozinante  did  not  move  little  nor 
much ;  and  therefore  he  supposed  that  both  he  and  his 
horse  should  abide  in  that  state  without  eating,  drinking, 
or  sleeping,  until  that  either  the  malignant  influence  of 
the  stars  were  past,  or  some  greater  enchanter  had  dis- 
enchanted him. 

But  he  deceived  himself  much  in  his  belief ;  for  scarce 
did  the  day  begin  to  peep,  when  there  arrived  four  horse- 
men to  the  inn-door,  very  well  appointed,  and  having 
snap-hances  hanging  at  the  pommel  of  their  saddles. 
They  called  at  the  inn-door  (which  yet  stood  shut),  and 
knocked  very  hard,  which  being  perceived  by  Don 
Quixote,  from  the  place  where  he  stood  sentinel,  he  said, 
with  a  very  loud  and  arrogant  voice,  '  Knights,  or  squires, 


Chap.  XVI  THE   FOUR   LACKEYS  loi 

or  whatsoever  else  ye  be,  you  are  not  to  knock  any  more 
at  the  gates  of  that  castle,  seeing  it  is  evident,  that  at 
such  hours  as  this,  either  they  which  are  within  do 
repose  them,  or  else  are  not  wont  to  open  fortresses 
until  Phoebus  hath  spread  his  beams  over  the  earth  ; 
therefore  stand  back,  and  expect  till  it  be  clear  day,  and 
then  we  will  see  whether  it  be  just  or  no  that  they  open 
their  gates  unto  you/  *What  a  devil,  what  castle  or 
fortress  is  this,'  quoth  one  of  them,  *  that  it  should  bind 
us  to  use  all  those  circumstances  ?  If  thou  beest  the  inn- 
keeper, command  that  the  door  be  opened  ;  for  we  are 
travellers  that  will  tarry  no  longer  than  to  bait  our  horses 
and  away,  for  we  ride  in  post  haste/  '  Doth  it  seem  to 
you,  gentlemen,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'that  I  look  like  an 
innkeeper?'  *I  know  not  what  thou  lookest  like,' 
answered  the  other ;  '  but  well  I  know  that  thou  speakest 
madly,  in  calling  this  inn  a  castle.'  *  It  is  a  castle,'  replied 
Don  Quixote,  'yea,  and  that  one  of  the  best  in  this 
province,  and  it  hath  people  within  it  which  have  had  a 
sceptre  in  hand,  and  a  crown  on  their  head.'  '  It  were 
better  said  quite  contrary,'  replied  the  traveller,  '  the 
sceptre  on  the  head,  and  the  crown  in  the  hand ;  but 
perhaps  (and  so  it  may  well  be)  there  is  some  company  of 
players  within,  who  do  very  usually  hold  the  sceptres  and 
wear  those  crowns  whereof  thou  talkest ;  for  in  such  a 
paltry  inn  as  this  is,  and  where  I  hear  so  little  noise,  I 
cannot  believe  any  one  to  be  lodged  worthy  to  wear  a 
crown  or  bear  a  sceptre.'  '  Thou  knowest  but  little  of  the 
world,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  seeing  thou  dost  so  much 
ignore  the  chances  that  are  wont  to  befall  in  chivalry.' 
The  fellows  of  him  that  entertained  this  prolix  dialogue 
with  Don  Quixote  waxed  weary  to  hear  them  speak  idly 
so  long  together,  and  therefore  turned  again  to  knock 
with  great  fury  at  the  door,  and  that  in  such  sort  as  they 
not  only  waked  the  innkeeper,  but  also  all  the  guests,  and 
so  he  arose  to  demand  their  pleasure. 

In  the  meanwhile  it  happened  that  one  of  the  horses 
whereon  they  rode  drew  near  to  smell  Rozinante,  that, 
melancholy  and  sadly,  with  his  ears  cast  down,  did  sustain 


102  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

without  moving  his  outstretched  lord  ;  and  he  being 
indeed  of  flesh  and  blood,  although  he  resembled  a  block 
of  wood,  could  not  choose  but  feel  it,  and  turn  to  smell 
him  again  who  had  thus  come  to  cherish  and  entertain  him  ; 
and  scarce  had  he  stirred  but  a  thought  from  thence,  when 
Don  Quixote's  feet,  that  were  joined,  slipt  asunder,  and, 
tumbling  from  the  saddle,  had  doubtlessly  fallen  to  the 
ground,  had  he  not  remained  hanging  by  the  arm  ;  a 
thing  that  caused  him  to  endure  so  much  pain,  as  he  verily 
believed  that  either  his  wrist  was  a-cutting,  or  his  arm 
a-tearing  off  from  his  body  ;  and  he  hung  so  near  to  the 
ground  as  he  touched  it  with  the  tops  of  his  toes,  all  which 
turned  to  his  prejudice  ;  for,  having  felt  the  little  which  he 
wanted  to  the  setting  of  his  feet  wholly  on  the  earth,  he 
laboured  and  drew  all  that  he  might  to  reach  it ;  much 
like  unto  those  that  get  the  strappado,  with  the  condition 
to  touch  or  not  to  touch,  who  are  themselves  a  cause  to 
increase  their  own  torture,  by  the  earnestness  wherewith 
they  stretch  themselves,  deceived  by  the  hope  they  have 
to  touch  the  ground  if  they  can  stretch  themselves  but  a 
little  farther. 


CHAPTER  XVII 

Wherein  are  prosecuted  the  Wonderful  Adventures 

of  the  Inn 

So  many  were  the  outcries  which  Don  Quixote  made,  as 
the  innkeeper  opened  the  door  very  hastily  and  affrighted, 
to  see  who  it  was  that  so  roared  ;  and  those  that  stood 
without  did  also  the  same.  Maritornes,  whom  the  cries 
had  also  awaked,  imagining  straight  what  it  might  be,  went 
into  the  barn,  and,  unperceived  of  any,  loosed  the  halter 
that  sustained  Don  Quixote,  and  forthwith  he  fell  to  the 
ground  in  the  presence  of  the  innkeeper  and  the  travellers, 
who,  coming  towards  him,  demanded  the  occasion  why  he 
did   so   unmeasurably  roar.       He,   without   making   any 


Chap.  XVII  THE   FOUR   LACKEYS  103 

answer,  took  ofF  the  halter  from  his  wrist,  and,  getting  up, 
he  leaped  upon  Rozinante,  embraced  his  target,  set  his 
lance  into  the  rest,  and,  wheeling  about  a  good  part  of  the 
field,  returned  with  a  half-gallop,  saying,  '  Whosoever  shall 
dare  to  affirm  that  I  have  not  been  with  just  title  enchanted, 
if  my  lady  the  Princess  Micomicona  will  give  me  leave  to 
do  it,  I  say  that  he  lies,  and  I  do  presently  challenge  him 
to  combat.'  The  new  travellers  were  amazed  at  Don 
Quixote's  words  ;  but  the  host  removed  that  wonder  by 
informing  them  what  he  was,  and  that  they  should  make 
no  account  of  his  words,  for  the  man  was  bereft  of  his 
wits.  Then  they  demanded  of  the  innkeeper  if  there 
had  arrived  to  his  inn  a  young  stripling  of  some  fifteen 
years  old  or  thereabouts,  apparelled  like  a  horse-boy,  and 
having  such  and  such  marks  and  tokens  ;  and  then  gave 
the  very  signs  of  Donna  Clara's  lover.  The  host  made 
answer,  that  there  were  so  many  people  in  his  inn  as  he 
had  taken  no  notice  of  him  for  whom  they  demanded. 
But  one  of  them  having  seen  the  coach  wherein  the  judge 
came,  said,  '  Questionlessly  he  must  be  here  ;  for  this  is 
the  coach  that  they  say  he  hath  followed.  Let,  therefore, 
one  of  us  remain  at  the  door,  and  the  rest  enter  to  seek 
him  out ;  yea,  and  it  will  not  be  from  the  purpose  if  one 
of  us  ride  about  without  the  inn,  lest  he  should  make  an 
escape  from  us  by  the  walls  of  the  yard.'  *  We  will  do 
so,'  said  another  of  them.  And  thus  two  of  them  entered 
into  the  house,  one  stayed  at  the  door,  and  the  other  did 
compass  the  inn  about.  The  innkeeper  beheld  all,  but 
could  never  judge  aright  the  reason  why  they  used  all  this 
diligence,  although  he  easily  believed  that  they  sought  for 
the  youth  whose  marks  they  had  told  unto  him. 

By  this  the  day  was  grown  clear,  and  as  well  by  reason 
thereof,  as  through  the  outcries  of  Don  Quixote,  all  the 
strangers  were  awake,  and  did  get  up,  especially  both  the 
ladies,  Clara  and  Dorothea  ;  for  the  one  through  fear  to 
have  her  lover  so  near,  and  the  other  with  desire  to  see 
him,  could  sleep  but  very  little  all  that  night.  Don 
Quixote  perceiving  that  none  of  the  four  travellers  made 
any  account  of  him,  or  answered  his  challenge,  was  ready 


104  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

to  burst  with  wrath  and  despite  ;  and  if  he  could  any  wise 
have  found  that  it  was  tolerated  by  the  statutes  of  chivalry 
that  a  knight-errant  might  have  lawfully  undertaken  any 
enterprise,  having  plight  his  word  and  faith  not  to  attempt 
any  until  he  had  finished  that  which  he  had  first  promised, 
he  would  have  assailed  them  all,  and  made  them  maugre 
their  teeth  to  have  answered  him.  But  because  it  seemed 
to  him  not  so  expedient  nor  honourable  to  begin  any  new 
adventure  until  he  had  installed  Micomicona  in  her  king- 
dom, he  was  forced  to  be  quiet,  expecting  to  see  where- 
unto  the  endeavours  and  diligence  of  those  four  travellers 
tended  :  the  one  whereof  found  out  the  youth,  that  he 
searched,  asleep  by  another  lackey,  little  dreaming  that 
anybody  did  look  for  him,  and  much  less  would  find  him 
out  thus.      The  man   drew  him   by  the  arm,  and  said, 

*  Truly,  Don  Louis,  the  habit  that  you  wear  answers  very 
well  your  calling  ;  and  the  bed  whereon  you  lie  the  care 
and  tenderness  wherewith  your  mother  did  nurse  you.' 
The  youth  hereat  rubbed  his  drowsy  eyes,  and  beheld  very 
leisurely  him  that  did  hold  him  fast,  and  knew  him  forth- 
with to  be  one  of  his  father's  servants,  whereat  he  was  so 
amazed  as  he  could  not  speak  a  word  for  a  great  while. 
And  the  serving-man  continuing  his  speech,  said,  '  Here 
is  nothing  else  to  be  done.  Lord  Louis,  but  that  you  be 
patient  and  depart  again  with  us  towards  home,  if  you  be 
not  pleased  to  have  your  father  and  my  lord  depart  out  of 
this  world  to  the  other  ;  for  no  less  may  be  expected  from 
the  woe  wherein  he  rests  for  your  absence.'  '  Why,  how 
did  my  father  know,'  said  Don  Louis,  '  that  I  came  this 
way,  and  in  this  habit  .f^'  '  A  student,'  answered  the  other, 
'  to  whom  you  betrayed  your  intention,  did  discover  it, 
moved  through  the  compassion  he  took  to  hear  your 
father's  lamentations  when  he  found  you  missing.  And 
so  he  despatched  four  of  his  men  in  your  search  ;  and  we 
are  all  at  your  service,  more  joyful  than  may  be  imagined 
for  the  good  despatch  wherewithal  we  shall  return,  and 
carry  you  to  his  sight  which  doth  love   you   so   much.' 

*  That  shall  be  as  I  please  or  Heaven  will  dispose,'  said 
Don  Louis.     '  What  would  you  please,  or  what  should 


Chap.  XVII  DON   LOUIS  105 

Heaven  dispose  of,  other  than  that  you  agree  to  return  ? 
For  certainly  you  shall  not  do  the  contrary,  nor  is  it 
possible  you  should.'  All  these  reasons  that  passed  be- 
tween them  both  did  the  lackey  that  lay  by  Don  Louis 
hear ;  and,  arising  from  thence,  he  went  and  told  all  that 
passed  to  Don  Fernando,  Cardenio,  and  all  the  rest  that 
were  gotten  up ;  to  whom  he  told  how  the  man  gave  the 
title  of  Don  to  the  boy,  and  recounted  the  speech  he  used, 
and  how  he  would  have  him  return  to  his  father's  house, 
which  the  youth  refused  to  do.  Whereupon,  and  know- 
ing already  what  a  good  voice  the  heavens  had  given  him, 
they  greatly  desired  to  be  more  particularly  informed  what 
he  was,  and  intended  also  to  help  him,  if  any  violence  were 
offered  unto  him,  and  therefore  went  unto  the  place  where 
he  was,  and  stood  contending  with  his  servant. 

Dorothea  issued  by  this  out  of  her  chamber,  and  in  her 
company  Donna  Clara,  all  perplexed.  Dorothea,  call- 
ing Cardenio  aside,  told  unto  him  succinctly  all  the  history 
of  the  musician  and  Donna  Clara.  And  he  rehearsed  to 
her  again  all  that  passed  of  the  serving-men's  arrival  that 
came  in  his  pursuit,  which  he  did  not  speak  so  low  but  that 
Donna  Clara  overheard  him,  whereat  she  endured  such 
alteration  as  she  had  fallen  to  the  ground,  if  Dorothea, 
running  towards  her,  had  not  held  her  up.  Cardenio 
entreated  Dorothea  to  return  with  the  other  to  her 
chamber,  and  he  would  endeavour  to  bring  the  matter  to 
some  good  pass,  which  they  presently  performed.  The 
four  that  were  come  in  Don  Louis  his  search  were 
by  this  all  of  them  entered  into  the  inn,  and  had  com- 
passed him  about,  persuading  him  that  he  would,  cutting 
off  all  delays,  return  to  comfort  his  father.  He  answered 
that  he  could  not  do  it  in  any  sort  until  he  had  finished  an 
adventure,  which  imported  him  no  less  than  his  life,  his 
honour,  and  his  soul.  The  servants  urged  him  then, 
saying,  that  they  would  in  no  sort  go  back  without  him, 
and  therefore  would  carry  him  home,  whether  he  would 
or  no.  'That  shall  not  you  do,'  quoth  Don  Louis,  'if  it 
be  not  that  you  carry  me  home  dead.'  And  in  this  season 
all   the   other  gentlemen  were  come  into  the  contention. 


io6  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

but  chiefly  Cardenio,  Don  Fernando,  and  his  comrades, 
the  judge,  the  curate,  and  the  barber,  and  Don  Quixote ; 
for  now  it  seemed  to  him  needless  to  guard  the  castle  any 
more.  Cardenio,  who  knew  already  the  history  of  the 
youth,  demanded  of  those  that  would  carry  him  away, 
what  reason  did  move  them  to  seek  to  take  that  lad  away 
against  his  will.  '  We  are  moved  unto  it,'  answered  one 
of  them,  '  by  this  reason,  that  we  shall  thereby  save  his 
father's  life,  who  for  his  absence  is  like  to  lose  it.'  To 
this  said  Don  Louis,  '  It  is  to  no  end  to  make  relation  of 
mine  affairs  here.  I  am  free,  and  will  return  if  I  please ; 
and  if  not,  no  one  shall  constrain  me  to  do  it  perforce.' 
'Reason  shall  constrain  you,  good  sir,  to  do  it,'  quoth  the 
man  ;  '  and  when  that  cannot  prevail  with  you,  it  shall  with 
us,  to  put  that  in  execution  for  which  we  be  come  and  are 
bound  to  do.'  '  Let  us  know  this  affair  from  the  begin- 
ning,' said  the  judge  to  those  men.  *  Sir,'  quoth  one  of 
them,  who  knew  him  very  well,  as  his  master's  next  neigh- 
bour, '  Master  Justice,  doth  not  your  worship  know  this 
gentleman  who  is  your  neighbour's  son,  and  hath  absented 
himself  from  his  father's  house,  in  an  habit  so  undecent  and 
discrepant  from  his  calling,  as  you  may  perceive  ? '  The 
judge  beheld  him  then  somewhat  more  attentively,  knew 
him,  and,  embracing  of  him,  said,  'What  toys  are  these, 
Don  Louis;  or  what  cause  hath  been  of  efficacy  sufficient 
to  move  you  to  come  away  in  this  manner  and  attire, 
which  answers  your  calling  so  ill  ? '  The  tears  stuck  then 
in  the  young  gentleman's  eye,  and  he  could  not  answer  a 
word  to  the  judge,  who  bade  the  four  serving-men  appease 
themselves,  for  all  things  should  be  done  to  their  satisfac- 
tion ;  and  then,  taking  Don  Louis  apart,  he  entreated  him 
to  tell  him  the  occasion  of  that  his  departure. 

And  whilst  he  made  this  and  other  demands  to  the 
gentleman,  they  heard  a  great  noise  at  the  inn-door  ;  the 
cause  whereof  was,  that  two  guests  which  had  lain  there 
that  night,  seeing  all  the  people  busied  to  learn  the  cause  of 
the  four  horsemen's  coming,  had  thought  to  have  made  an 
escape  scot-free,  without  defraying  their  expenses  ;  but  the 
innkeeper,  who  attended  his  own  affairs  with  more  diligence 


Chap.  XVII        THE   INNKEEPER'S   NEED  107 

than  other  men's,  did  stay  them  at  their  going  forth,  and 
demanded  his  money,  upbraiding  their  dishonest  resolution 
with  such  words  as  moved  them  to  return  him  an  answer 
with  their  fists,  which  they  did  so  roundly  as  the  poor 
host  was  compelled  to  raise  the  cry  and  demand  succour. 
The  hostess  and  her  daughter  could  see  no  man  so  free 
from  occupation  as  Don  Quixote  ;  to  whom  the  daughter 
said,  '  I  request  you,  sir  knight,  by  the  virtue  that  God 
hath  given  you,  to  succour  my  poor  father,  whom  two 
bad  men  are  grinding  like  corn.'  To  this  Don  Quixote 
answered  very  leisurely,  and  with  great  gravity,  *  Beautiful 
damsel,  your  petition  cannot  prevail  at  this  time,  forasmuch 
as  I  am  hindered  from  undertaking  any  other  adventure 
until  I  have  finished  one  wherein  my  promise  hath  engaged 
me,  and  all  that  I  can  now  do  in  your  service  is,  that 
which  I  shall  say  now  unto  you  :  run  unto  your  father, 
and  bid  him  continue  and  maintain  his  conflict  manfully, 
the  best  that  he  may,  until  I  demand  license  of  the  Princess 
Micomicona  to  help  him  out  of  his  distress  ;  for  if  she 
will  give  it  unto  me,  you  may  make  full  account  that  he  is 
delivered.'  '  Sinner  that  I  am,'  quoth  Maritornes,  who 
was  by,  and  heard  what  he  said,  '  before  you  shall  be  able 
to  obtain  that  licence  of  which  you  speak,  my  master  will 
be  departed  to  the  other  world.'  '  Work  you  so,  lady,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that  I  may  have  the  licence  ;  for  so 
that  I  may  have  it,  it  will  make  no  great  matter  whether  he 
be  in  the  other  world  or  no,  for  even  from  thence  would  I 
bring  him  back  again,  in  despite  of  the  other  world  itself, 
if  it  durst  contradict  me  ;  or  at  least  I  will  take  such  a 
revenge  of  those  that  do  send  him  to  the  other  world,  as 
you  shall  remain  more  than  contented.'  And  so,  without 
replying  any  more,  he  went  and  fell  on  his  knees  before 
Dorothea,  demanding  of  her,  in  knightly  and  errant 
phrases,  that  she  would  deign  to  licence  him  to  go  and 
succour  the  constable  of  that  castle,  who  was  then  plunged 
in  a  deep  distress.  The  princess  did  grant  him  leave  very 
willingly  ;  and  he  presently,  buckling  on  his  target,  and 
laying  hold  on  his  sword,  ran  to  the  inn-door,  where  yet 
the  two  guests  stood  handsomely  tugging  the  innkeeper. 


io8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

But  as  soon  as  he  arrived,  he  stopped  and  stood  still, 
although  Maritornes  and  the  hostess  demanded  of  him 
twice  or  thrice  the  cause  of  his  restiness  in  not  assisting  her 
lord  and  husband.  *  I  stay,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  because, 
according  to  the  laws  of  arms,  it  is  not  permitted  to  me  to 
lay  hand  to  my  sword  against  squire-like  men  that  are  not 
dubbed  knights.  But  call  to  me  here  my  squire  Sancho, 
for  this  defence  and  revenge  concerns  him  as  his  duty.' 
This  passed  at  the  inn-door,  where  fists  and  blows  were 
interchangeably  given  and  taken  in  the  best  sort,  although 
to  the  innkeeper's  cost,  and  to  the  rage  and  grief  of 
Maritornes,  the  hostess,  and  her  daughter,  who  were  like 
to  run  wood,  beholding  Don  Quixote's  cowardice,  and  the 
mischief  their  master,  husband,  and  father  endured.  But 
here  let  us  leave  them  ;  for  there  shall  not  want  one  to 
succour  him  ;  or  if  not,  let  him  suffer,  and  all  those  that 
wittingly  undertake  things  beyond  their  power  and  force  ; 
and  let  us  turn  backward  to  hear  that  which  Don  Louis 
answered  the  judge,  whom  we  left  somewhat  apart  with 
him,  demanding  the  cause  of  his  coming  afoot,  and  in  so 
base  array  ;  to  which  the  youth,  wringing  him  hard  by 
the  hands,  as  an  argument  that  some  extraordinary  grief 
pinched  his  heart,  and  shedding  many  tears,  answered  in 
this  manner : 

'  I  know  not  what  else  I  may  tell  you,  dear  sir,  but  that 
from  the  instant  that  Heaven  made  us  neighbours,  and 
that  I  saw  Donna  Clara,  your  daughter  and  my  lady,  I 
made  her  commandress  of  my  will  ;  and  if  yours,  my  true 
lord  and  father,  do  not  hinder  it,  she  shall  be  my  spouse 
this  very  day.  For  her  sake  have  I  abandoned  my  father's 
house,  and  for  her  I  donned  this  attire,  to  follow  her 
wheresoever  she  went,  as  the  arrow  doth  the  mark,  or  the 
mariner  the  north  star.  She  is  as  yet  no  further  acquainted 
with  my  desires,  than  as  much  as  she  might  understand 
sometimes  by  the  tears  which  she  saw  mine  eyes  distil 
afar  ofF.  Now,  sir,  you  know  the  riches  and  nobility  of 
my  descent,  and  how  I  am  my  father's  sole  heir,  and  if  it 
seem  unto  you  that  these  be  conditions  whereupon  you 
may  venture  to  make  me  thoroughly  happy,  accept  of  me 


Chap.  XVII  THE   STOLEN   PANNEL  109 

presently  for  your  son-in-law  ;  for  if  my  father,  borne 
away  by  other  his  designs,  shall  not  like  so  well  of  this 
good  which  I  have  sought  out  for  myself,  yet  time  hath 
more  force  to  undo  and  change  the  affairs  than  men*s 
will/  Here  the  amorous  gentleman  held  his  peace,  and 
the  judge  remained  astonied  as  well  at  the  grace  and 
discretion  wherewith  Don  Louis  had  discovered  his  affec- 
tions unto  him,  as  also  to  see  himself  in  such  a  pass,  that 
as  he  knew  not  what  course  he  might  best  take  in  so 
sudden  and  unexpected  a  matter  ;  and  therefore  he 
answered  no  other  thing  at  that  time,  but  only  bade  him 
to  settle  his  mind,  and  entertain  the  time  with  his  servants, 
and  deal  with  them  to  expect  that  day,  because  he  might 
have  leisure  to  consider  what  might  be  most  convenient 
for  all.  Don  Louis  did  kiss  his  hands  perforce,  and  did 
bathe  them  with  tears,  a  thing  able  to  move  a  heart  of 
marble,  and  much  more  the  judge's,  who  (as  a  wise  man) 
did  presently  perceive  how  beneficial  and  honourable  was 
that  preferment  for  his  daughter  ;  although  he  could  have 
wished,  if  it  had  been  possible,  to  effect  it  with  the  consent 
of  Don  Louis  his  father,  who  he  knew  did  purpose  to  have 
his  son  made  a  nobleman  of  title. 

By  this  time  the  innkeeper  and  his  guests  had  agreed, 
having  paid  him  all  that  they  owed,  more  by  Don  Quixote's 
persuasion  and  good  reasons  than  by  any  menaces  ;  and 
Don  Louis  his  servants  expected  the  end  of  the  judge,  his 
discourse,  and  his  resolution  ;  when  the  devil  (who  never 
sleeps)  would  have  it,  at  that  very  time  entered  into  the 
inn  the  barber  from  whom  Don  Quixote  took  away  the 
helmet  of  Mambrino,  and  Sancho  Panza  the  furniture  of 
the  ass,  whereof  he  made  an  exchange  for  his  own  ;  which 
barber,  leading  his  beast  to  the  stable,  saw  Sancho  Panza, 
who  was  mending  some  part  of  the  pannel  ;  and  as  soon 
as  he  had  eyed  him,  he  knew  him,  and  presently  set  upon 
Sancho,  saying,  *  Ah,  sir  thief,  have  I  found  you  here,  with 
all  the  furniture  whereof  you  robbed  me  ? '  Sancho,  that 
saw  himself  thus  assaulted  unexpectedly,  and  had  heard  the 
disgraceful  terms  which  the  other  used,  laying  fast  hold  on 
the  pannel  with  the  one  hand,   gave  the  barber  such  a 


no  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

buffet  with  the  other,  as  he  bathed  all  his  teeth  in  blood. 
But  yet,  for  all  that,  the  barber  held  fast  his  grip  of  the 
pannel,  and  therewithal  cried  out  so  loud,  as  all  those  that 
were  in  the  house  came  to  the  noise  and  conflict ;  and  he  said, 
*I  call  for  the  king  and  justice,  for  this  thief  and  robber 
by  the  highways  goeth  about  to  kill  me,  because  I  seek  to 
recover  mine  own  goods/  '  Thou  liest,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  for  I  am  not  a  robber  by  the  highways ;  for  my  lord 
Don  Quixote  won  those  spoils  in  a  good  war.'  By  this 
time  Don  Quixote  himself  was  come  thither,  not  a  little 
proud  to  see  how  well  his  squire  defended  himself,  and 
offended  his  adversary ;  and  therefore  he  accounted  him 
from  thenceforth  to  be  a  man  of  valour,  and  purposed  in 
his  mind  to  dub  him  knight  on  the  first  occasion  that 
should  be  offered,  because  he  thought  that  the  order  of 
knighthood  would  be  well  employed  by  him. 

Among  other  things  that  the  barber  said  in  the  dis- 
course of  his  contention,  this  was  one :  '  Sirs,  this  pannel 
is  as  certainly  mine  as  the  death  which  I  owe  unto  God, 
and  I  know  it  as  well  as  if  I  had  bred  it ;  and  there  is  my 
ass  in  the  stable,  who  will  not  permit  me  to  tell  a  lie ;  or 
otherwise,  do  but  try  the  pannel  on  him,  and  if  it  fit  him 
not  justly  I  am  content  to  remain  infamous.  And  I  can 
say  more,  that  the  very  day  wherein  they  took  my  pannel 
from  me,  they  robbed  me  likewise  of  a  new  brazen  basin, 
which  was  never  used,  and  cost  me  a  crown.'  Here  Don 
Quixote  could  no  longer  contain  himself  from  speaking  ; 
and  so,  thrusting  himself  between  them  two,  and  putting 
them  asunder,  and  causing  the  pannel  to  be  laid  publicly 
on  the  ground  until  the  truth  were  decided,  he  said,  '  To 
the  end  that  you  may  perceive  the  clear  and  manifest 
error  wherein  this  good  squire  lives,  see  how  he  calls  that 
a  basin  which  is,  was,  and  shall  be,  the  helmet  of  Mam- 
brino,  which  I  took  away  perforce  from  him  in  fair  war, 
and  made  myself  lord  thereof  in  a  lawful  and  warlike 
manner.  About  the  pannel  I  will  not  contend ;  for  that 
which  I  can  say  therein  is,  that  my  squire  Sancho  de- 
manded leave  of  me  to  take  away  the  furniture  of  this 
vanquished  coward's  horse,  that  he  might  adorn  his  own 


Chap.  XVII  THE   STOLEN   PANNEL  in 

withal.  I  gave  him  authority  to  do  it,  and  he  took  them. 
And  for  his  converting  thereof  from  a  horse's  furniture 
into  a  pannel,  I  can  give  none  other  reason  than  the 
ordinary  one,  to  wit,  that  such  transformations  are  usually 
seen  in  the  successes  of  chivalry ;  for  confirmation  whereof, 
friend  Sancho,  run  speedily  and  bring  me  out  the  helmet 
which  this  good  man  avoucheth  to  be  a  basin.'  *  By  my 
faith,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  if  we  have  no  better  proof  of  our 
intention  than  that  which  you  say,  I  say  that  the  helmet  of 
Mambrino  is  as  arrant  a  basin  as  this  good  man's  furniture 
is  a  pannel.'  '  Do  what  I  command,'  said  Don  Quixote  : 
*  I  cannot  believe  that  all  the  things  in  this  castle  will  be 
guided  by  enchantment.'  Sancho  went  for  the  basin,  and 
brought  it :  and  as  soon  as  Don  Quixote  saw  it,  he  took  it 
in  his  hands,  and  said,  '  See,  sirs,  with  what  face  can  this 
impudent  squire  affirm  that  this  is  a  basin,  and  not  the 
helmet  that  I  have  mentioned  :  and  I  swear  to  you  all,  by 
the  order  of  knighthood  which  I  profess,  that  this  is  the 
very  same  helmet  which  I  won  from  him,  without  having 
added  or  taken  anything  from  it.'  '  That  it  is,  question- 
less,' quoth  Sancho ;  '  for  since  the  time  that  my  lord  won 
it  until  now,  he  never  fought  but  one  battle  with  it,  when 
he  delivered  the  unlucky  chained  men ;  and  but  for  this 
basin-helmet,  he  had  not  escaped  so  free  as  he  did,  so  thick 
a  shower  of  stones  rained  all  the  time  of  that  conflict.' 


CHAPTER  XVIII 

WTierein  are  decided  the  Controversies  of  the  Helmet  of 
Mambrino  and  of  the  Pannel,  with  other  Strange  and 
most  True  Adventures 

*  Good  sirs,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  what  do  you  think  of  that 
which  is  affirmed  by  these  gentlemen,  who  yet  contend 
that  this  is  not  a  basin,  but  a  helmet  } '  '  He  that  denies 
it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  I  will  make  him  know  that  he 


112  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

lies,  if  he  be  a  knight  ;  and  if  he  be  but  a  squire,  that  he 
lies  and  lies  again  a  thousand  times/  Our  barber,  who 
was  also  present,  as  one  that  knew  Don  Quixote's  humour 
very  well,  would  fortify  his  folly  and  make  the  jest  pass 
yet  a  little  further,  to  the  end  that  they  all  might  laugh  ; 
and  therefore,  speaking  to  the  other  barber,  he  said,  '  Sir 
barber,  or  what  els-e  you  please,  know  that  I  am  also  of 
your  occupation,  and  have  had  my  writ  of  examination 
and  approbation  in  that  trade  more  than  these  thirty  years, 
and  am  one  that  knows  very  well  all  the  instruments  of 
barbery  whatsoever  ;  and  have  been  besides,  in  my  youthful 
days,  a  soldier  ;  and  do  therefore  likewise  know  what  is  a 
helmet,  and  what  a  morion,  and  what  a  close  castle,  and 
other  things  touching  warfare — I  mean  all  the  kind  of 
arms  that  a  soldier  ought  to  have  ;  and  therefore  I  say 
(still  submitting  myself  to  the  better  opinion)  that  this 
piece  which  is  laid  here  before  us,  and  which  this  good 
knight  holds  in  his  hand,  not  only  is  not  a  barber's  basin, 
but  also  is  so  far  from  being  one  as  is  white  from  black, 
or  verity  from  untruth  ;  yet  do  I  withal  affirm  that 
although  it  is  an  helmet,  yet  it  is  not  a  complete  helmet.' 
*  No,  truly,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  it  wants  the  half,  to 
wit,  the  nether  part  and  the  beaver.'  '  It  is  very  true,' 
quoth  the  curate,  who  very  well  understood  his  friend  the 
barber  his  intention  ;  and  the  same  did  Cardenio,  Don 
Fernando,  and  the  rest  of  his  fellows  confirm  ;  yea,  and 
even  the  judge  himself,  had  not  Don  Louis  his  affair 
perplexed  his  thoughts,  would,  for  his  part,  have  holpen 
the  jest  well  forward  ;  but  the  earnestness  of  that  affair 
held  his  mind  so  busied,  as  he  little  or  nothing  attended 
the  pastime.  '  Lord  have  mercy  upon  me  ! '  quoth  the 
other  barber,  then  half  beside  himself ;  '  and  is  it  possible 
that  so  many  honourable  men  should  say  that  this  is  no 
basin,  but  a  helmet  ?  This  is  a  thing  able  to  strike 
admiration  into  a  whole  university,  how  discreet  soever  it 
were.  It  is  enough  ;  if  this  basin  must  needs  be  a  helmet, 
the  pannel  must  also  be  a  horse's  furniture,  as  this  gentle- 
man says.'  *  To  me  it  seems  a  pannel,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  but,  as  I  have  said,  I  will  not  meddle  with  it, 


Chap.  XVIII         THE   STOLEN   PANNEL  113 

nor  determine  whether  it  be  a  pannel  or  the  caparison  of  a 
horse/ 

'  Therein  is  nothing  else  to  be  done/  said  the  curate, 
*  but  that  Sir  Don  Quixote  say  at  once  ;  for  in  these 
matters  of  chivalry,  all  these  noblemen  and  myself  do 
give  unto  him  the  prick  and  the  prize.'  '  I  swear  unto 
you  by  Jove,  good  sirs,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
so  many  and  so  strange  are  the  things  which  have 
befallen  me  in  this  castle,  these  two  times  that  I  have 
lodged  therein,  as  I  dare  avouch  nothing  affirmatively 
of  anything  that  shall  be  demanded  of  me  concerning 
the  things  contained  in  it  ;  for  I  do  infallibly  imagine 
that  all  the  adventures  which  pass  in  it  are  guided  by 
enchantment.  The  first  time,  I  was  very  much  vexed 
by  an  enchanted  Moor  that  was  in  it,  and  Sancho  himself 
sped  not  very  well  with  the  Moor's  followers  ;  and  yester- 
night I  stood  hanging  almost  two  hours'  space  by  this  arm, 
without  knowing  how,  or  how  that  disgrace  befel  me  ;  so 
that  for  me  to  meddle  now  in  so  confused  and  difficult  a 
matter,  as  to  deliver  mine  opinion,  were  to  pass  a  rash 
judgment.  So  that  they  which  say  that  this  is  a  basin  and 
no  helmet,  I  have  already  made  answer ;  but  whether  this 
be  a  pannel  or  furniture,  I  dare  pronounce  no  definitive 
sentence,  but  only  remit  it  to  your  discreet  opinions : 
perhaps  because  you  are  not  dubbed  knights  as  I  am,  the 
enchantments  of  this  place  will  have  no  power  over  you, 
and  your  understanding  shall  be  free  and  able  to  judge  of 
the  things  in  this  castle  really  and  truly,  and  not  as  they 
seem  unto  me.'  '  Doubtless,'  quoth  Don  Fernando,  'Don 
Quixote  says  very  well  that  the  definition  of  this  case 
belongs  unto  us ;  and  therefore,  and  because  we  may 
proceed  in  it  upon  the  better  and  more  solid  grounds,  I 
will  secretly  take  the  suffrages  of  all  those  gentlemen,  and 
afterwards  make  a  clear  and  full  relation  of  what  shall  come 
of  them.' 

To  those  that  knew  Don  Quixote  his  humour,  this  was 

a  matter  of  marvellous  laughter  and  sport ;  but  to  such  as 

were   not  acquainted  therewithal,  it   seemed  the  greatest 

folly  of  the  world,  especially  to  Don  Louis  and  his  four 

n.  H 


114  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

servants,  and  with  other  three  passengers  that  had  arrived 
by  chance  to  the  inn,  and  seemed  to  be  troopers  of  the  holy 
brotherhood,  as  indeed  they  were.  But  he  that  was  most 
of  all  beside  himself  for  wrath  was  the  barber  whose  basin 
they  had  transformed  before  his  own  face  into  the  helmet 
of  Mambrino,  and  whose  pannel  he  made  full  account 
should  likewise  be  turned  into  the  rich  furniture  and 
equipage  of  a  great  horse.  All  of  them  laughed  heartily 
to  see  Don  Fernando  go  up  and  down,  taking  the  suffrages 
of  this  man  and  that,  and  rounding  every  one  of  them  in 
the  ear,  that  they  might  declare  in  secret  whether  that  was 
a  pannel  or  a  furniture  for  which  such  deadly  contention 
had  passed.  After  that  he  had  taken  the  suffrages  of  so 
many  as  knew  Don  Quixote,  he  said  very  loudly,  '  The 
truth  is,  good  fellow,  that  I  grow  weary  of  demanding  so 
many  opinions ;  for  I  can  no  sooner  demand  of  any  man 
what  I  desire  to  know,  but  they  forthwith  answer  me,  how 
it  is  mere  madness  to  affirm  that  this  is  the  pannel  of  an 
ass,  but  rather  the  furniture  of  a  horse,  yea,  and  of  a  chief 
horse  of  service ;  and  therefore  you  must  have  patience ; 
for  in  despite  both  of  you  and  of  your  ass,  and  notwith- 
standing your  weak  allegations  and  worse  proofs,  it  is,  and 
will  continue,  the  furniture  of  a  great  horse.'  *  Let  me 
never  enjoy  a  place  in  heaven,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  if  you 
all  be  not  deceived  ;  and  so  may  my  soul  appear  before  God, 
as  it  appears  to  me  to  be  a  pannel,  and  no  horse  furniture. 
But  the  law  carries  it  away,  and  so  farewell  it.  And  yet 
surely  I  am  not  drunk ;  for  unless  it  be  by  sinning,  my 
fast  hath  not  been  broken  this  day.' 

The  follies  which  the  barber  uttered  stirred  no  less 
laughter  among  them  than  did  the  roarings  of  Don  Quixote, 
who  then  spoke  in  this  manner :  '  Here  is  now  no  more 
to  be  done,  but  that  every  man  take  up  his  own  goods,  and 
to  whom  God  hath  given  them,  let  St.  Peter  give  his 
blessing.'  Then  said  one  of  the  four  serving-men,  *  If 
this  were  not  a  jest  premeditated,  and  made  of  purpose,  I 
could  not  persuade  myself  that  men  of  so  good  under- 
standing as  all  these  are,  or  seem  to  be,  should  dare  to 
say  and  affirm  that  this  is  not  a  basin,  nor  that  a  pannel ; 


Chap.  XVIII  THE   STOLEN   PANNEL  115 

but  seeing  that  they  aver  it  so  constantly,  I  have  cause 
to  suspect  that  it  cannot  be  without  mystery,  to  affirm 
a  thing  so  contrary  to  that  which  very  truth  itself, 
and  experience,  demonstrates  unto  us;  for  I  do  vow' 
(and,  saying  so,  he  rapped  out  a  round  oath  or  two) 
'  that  as  many  as  are  in  the  world  should  never  make  me 
believe  that  this  is  no  basin,  nor  that  no  pannel  of  a  he- 
ass.'  '  It  might  as  well  be  of  a  she-ass,'  quoth  the  curate. 
'That  comes  all  but  to  one,'  replied  the  other  ;  '  for  the 
question  consists  not  therein,  but  whether  it  be  a  pannel  or 
not,  as  you  do  avouch.'  Then  one  of  the  troopers  of  the 
Holy  Brotherhood,  who  had  listened  to  their  disputation, 
and  was  grown  full  of  choler  to  hear  such  an  error 
maintained,  said,  *  It  is  as  very  a  pannel,  as  my  father  is 
my  father  ;  and  he  that  hath  said,  or  shall  say  the  contrary, 
is,  I  believe,  turned  into  a  grape.'  '  Thou  liest  like  a 
clownish  knave  ! '  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  and,  lifting  up  his 
javelin,  which  he  always  held  in  his  hand,  he  discharged 
such  a  blow  at  the  trooper's  pate,  as  if  he  had  not  avoided, 
it  would  have  thrown  him  to  the  ground.  The  javelin 
was  broken  by  the  force  of  the  fall  into  splinters  ;  and  the 
other  troopers,  seeing  their  fellow  misused,  cried  out  for 
help  and  assistance  for  that  Holy  Brotherhood.  The  inn- 
keeper, who  also  was  one  of  the  same  fraternity,  ran  in  for 
his  rod  of  justice  and  his  sword,  and  then  stood  by  his 
fellows.  Don  Louis's  four  servants  compassed  him  about, 
lest  he  should  attempt  to  escape  whilst  the  tumult 
endured.  The  barber,  seeing  all  the  house  turned  upside 
down,  laid  hand  again  upon  his  pannel,  and  the  same  did 
Sancho. 

Don  Quixote  set  hand  to  his  sword,  and  assaulted  the 
troopers.  Don  Louis  cried  to  his  serving-men  that  they 
should  leave  him,  and  go  to  help  Don  Quixote,  Cardenio, 
and  Don  Fernando  ;  for  all  of  them  took  Don  Quixote's 
part.  The  curate  cried  out,  the  hostess  shrieked,  her 
daughter  squeaked,  Maritornes  howled,  Dorothea  stood 
confused,  Lucinda  amazed,  and  Donna  Clara  dismayed  ; 
the  barber  battered  Sancho,  and  Sancho  pounded  him 
again.     Don  Louis,  on  whom  one  of  his  serving-men  had 


ii6  DON  QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

presumed  to  lay  hands,  and  hold  him  by  the  arm,  gave 
him  such  a  pash  on  the  mouth  as  he  broke  his  teeth,  and 
then  the  judge  took  him  into  his  own  protection.  Don 
Fernando  had  gotten  one  of  the  troopers  under  his  feet, 
where  he  stood  belabouring  him  at  pleasure.  The  inn- 
keeper renewed  his  outcry,  and  reinforced  his  voice, 
demanding  aid  for  the  Holy  Brotherhood.  So  that  all  the 
inn  seemed  nothing  else  but  plaints,  cries,  screeches,  con- 
fusions, fears,  dreads,  disgraces,  slashes,  buffets,  blows, 
spurnings,  and  effusion  of  blood. 

In  the  midst  of  this  chaos  and  labyrinth  of  things,  Don 
Quixote  began  to  imagine  and  fancy  to  himself  that  he 
was  at  that  very  time  plunged  up  to  the  ears  in  the 
discord  and  conflict  of  King  Agramante  his  camp  ;  and 
therefore  he  said,  with  a  voice  that  made  all  the  inn  to 
tremble,  'AH  of  you,  hold  your  hands  ;  all  of  you,  put  up 
your  swords ;  all  of  you,  be  quiet  and  listen  to  me,  if  any 
of  you  desire  to  continue  alive.'  That  great  and  monstrous 
voice  made  them  all  stand  still ;  thereupon  he  thus  pro- 
ceeded :  '  Did  not  I  tell  you,  sirs,  that  this  castle  was 
enchanted,  and  that  some  legion  of  devils  did  inhabit  it  ? 
In  confirmation  whereof,  I  would  have  you  but  to  note 
with  your  own  eyes  how  the  very  discord  of  King 
Agramante' s  camp  is  transferred  hither,  and  passed  over 
among  us.  Look  how  there  they  fight  for  the  sword, 
here  for  the  horse,  yonder  for  the  eagle,  beyond  for  the 
helmet ;  and  all  of  us  fight,  and  none  of  us  know  for 
what.  Come  therefore,  you  Master  Justice,  and  you 
master  curate,  and  let  the  one  represent  King  Agramante, 
and  the  other  King  Sobrino,  and  make  peace  and  atone- 
ment among  us ;  for  I  swear  by  almighty  Jove,  that  it  is 
great  wrong  and  pity  that  so  many  noblemen  as  we  are 
here  should  be  slain  for  so  slight  causes.' 

The  troopers,  which  did  not  understand  Don  Quixote's 
manner  of  speech,  and  saw  themselves  very  ill-handled 
by  Don  Fernando  and  Cardenio,  would  in  no  wise  be 
pacified.  But  the  barber  was  content,  by  reason  that 
in  the  conflict  both  his  beard  and  his  pannel  had  been 
torn  in  pieces.     Sancho  to  his  master's  voice  was  quickly 


Chap.  XVIII  DON    LOUIS  117 

obedient,  as  became  a  dutiful  servant.  Don  Louis  his 
four  serving-men  stood  also  quiet,  seeing  how  little  was 
gained  in  being  other ;  only  the  innkeeper  persisted  as 
before,  affirming  that  punishment  was  due  unto  the 
insolences  of  that  madman,  who  every  foot  confounded 
and  disquieted  his  inn.  Finally,  the  rumour  was  pacified 
for  that  time ;  the  pannel  remained  for  a  horse  furniture 
until  the  day  of  judgment,  the  basin  for  a  helmet,  and 
the  inn  for  a  castle — in  Don  Quixote's  imagination. 

All  the  broils  being  now  appeased,  and  all  men  accorded 
by  the  judge's  and  curate's  persuasions,  then  began  Don 
Louis  his  servants  again  to  urge  him  to  depart  with 
them,  and  whilst  he  and  they  debated  the  matter,  the 
judge  communicated  the  whole  to  Don  Fernando,  Car- 
denio,  and  the  curate,  desiring  to  know  their  opinions 
concerning  that  affair,  and  telling  them  all  that  Don 
Louis  had  said  to  him ;  whereupon  they  agreed  that 
Don  Fernando  should  tell  the  serving-men  what  he 
himself  was,  and  how  it  was  his  pleasure  that  Don 
Louis  should  go  with  him  to  Andalusia,  where  he  should 
be  cherished  and  accounted  of  by  the  marquis  his  brother, 
according  unto  his  calling  and  deserts;  for  he  knew  well 
Don  Louis  his  resolution  to  be  such,  as  he  would  not 
return  into  his  father's  presence  at  that  time,  although 
they  tore  him  into  pieces.  Don  Fernando  his  quality  and 
Don  Louis  his  intention  being  understood  by  the  four, 
they  agreed  among  themselves  that  three  of  them  should 
go  back  to  bear  the  tidings  of  all  that  had  passed  to 
his  father,  and  the  other  should  abide  there  to  attend 
on  him,  and  never  to  leave  him  until  they  returned  to 
fetch  him  home,  or  knew  what  else  his  father  would 
command  :  and  in  this  sort  was  that  monstrous  bulk  of 
division  and  contention  reduced  to  some  form  by  the 
authority  of  Agramante  and  the  wisdom  of  King  Sobrino. 

But  the  enemy  of  concord  and  the  adversary  of  peace 
finding  his  projects  to  be  thus  illuded  and  condemned,  and 
seeing  the  little  fruit  he  had  gotten  by  setting  them  all  by 
the  ears,  resolved  once  again  to  try  his  wits,  and  stir  up 
new  discords  and  troubles,  which  befel  in  this  manner^ 


ii8  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

The  troopers  were  quieted,  having  understood  the  calling 
of  those  with  whom  they  had  contended,  and  retired  them- 
selves from  the  brawl,  knowing  that  howsoever  the  cause 
succeeded,  they  themselves  should  have  still  the  worst  end 
of  the  staff.  But  one  of  them,  who  was  the  very  same 
whom  Don  Fernando  had  buffeted  so  well,  remembered 
how  among  many  other  warrants  that  he  had  to  apprehend 
malefactors,  he  had  one  for  Don  Quixote,  whom  the  Holy 
Brotherhood  had  commanded  to  be  apprehended  for  freeing 
of  the  galley  slaves  (a  disaster  which  Sancho  had  before- 
hand with  very  great  reason  feared).  As  soon  as  he 
remembered  it,  he  would  needs  try  whether  the  signs 
that  were  given  him  of  Don  Quixote  did  agree  with 
his  person ;  and  so,  taking  out  of  his  bosom  a  scroll 
of  parchment  wherein  they  were  written,  he  presently 
found  out  that  which  he  looked  for ;  and,  reading  it  a 
while  very  leisurely,  as  one  that  was  himself  no  great 
clerk,  at  every  other  word  he  looked  on  Don  Quixote, 
and  confronted  the  marks  of  his  warrant  with  those 
of  Don  Quixote's  face,  and  found  that  he  was  infallibly  the 
man  that  was  therein  mentioned.  And  scarce  was  he 
persuaded  that  it  was  he,  when,  folding  up  his  parchment, 
and  holding  the  warrant  in  his  left  hand,  he  laid  hold  on 
Don  Quixote's  collar  with  the  right,  so  strongly  as  he 
could  hardly  breathe,  and  cried  out  aloud,  saying,  '  Aid  for 
the  Holy  Brotherhood !  and  that  you  may  perceive  how  I 
am  in  good  earnest,  read  that  warrant,  wherein  you  shall 
find  that  this  robber  by  the  highway  side  is  to  be  appre- 
hended.' The  curate  took  the  warrant,  and  perceived 
very  well  that  the  trooper  said  true,  and  that  the  marks 
agreed  very  near  with  Don  Quixote's  ;  who,  seeing  himself 
so  abused  by  that  base  rascal,  as  he  accounted  him,  his 
choler  being  mounted  to  her  height,  and  all  the  bones  of 
his  body  crashing  for  wrath,  he  seized  as  well  as  he  could 
with  both  his  hands  on  the  trooper's  throat,  and  that  in 
such  sort,  as  if  he  had  not  been  speedily  succoured  by  his 
fellows,  he  had  there  left  his  life  ere  Don  Quixote  would 
have  abandoned  his  grip. 

The  innkeeper,  who  of  force  was  to  assist  his  fellow  in 


Chap.  XVIII    THE    HOLY   BROTHERHOOD  119 

office,  forthwith  repaired  unto  his  aid.  The  hostess,  seeing 
her  husband  re-enter  into  contentions  and  brabbles,  raised 
a  new  cry,  whose  burden  was  borne  by  her  daughter  and 
Maritornes,  asking  succour  of  Heaven  and  those  that  were 
present.  Sancho,  seeing  all  that  passed,  said,  '  By  the 
Lord,  all  that  my  master  hath  said  of  the  enchantments  of 
this  castle  is  true  ;  for  it  is  not  possible  for  a  man  to  live 
quietly  in  it  one  hour  together.' 

Don  Fernando  parted  the  trooper  and  Don  Quixote, 
and,  with  the  goodwill  of  both,  unfastened  their  holds. 
But  yet  the  troopers  for  all  this  desisted  not  to  require 
their  prisoner,  and  withal,  that  they  should  help  to  get  him 
tied  and  absolutely  rendered  unto  their  wills ;  for  so  it  was 
requisite  for  the  King  and  the  Holy  Brotherhood,  in  whose 
name  they  did  again  demand  their  help  and  assistance  for 
the  arresting  of  that  public  robber  and  spoiler  of  people  in 
common  paths  and  highways. 

Don  Quixote  laughed  to  hear  them  speak  so  idly,  as  he 
imagined,  and  said,  with  very  great  gravity,  '  Come  hither, 
you  filthy,  base  extractions  of  the  dunghill !  dare  you 
term  the  loosening  of  the  enchained,  the  freeing  of 
prisoners,  the  assisting  of  the  wretched,  the  raising  of  such 
as  are  fallen,  and  the  supplying  of  those  that  are  in  want, — 
dare  you,  I  say,  term  these  things  robbing  on  the  highway  ? 
O  infamous  brood !  worthy,  for  your  base  and  vile  conceit, 
that  Heaven  should  never  communicate  with  you  the  valour 
included  in  the  exercise  of  chivalry,  we  give  you  to  under- 
stand the  sin  and  error  wherein  you  are,  by  not  adoring 
the  very  shadow,  how  much  more  the  assistance  of  a 
knight-errant  ?  Come  hither,  O  you  that  be  no  troopers, 
but  thieves  in  troop,  and  robbers  of  highways  by  permission 
of  the  Holy  Brotherhood !  come  hither,  I  say,  and  tell  me, 
who  was  that  jolt-head  that  did  subscribe  or  ratify  a 
warrant  for  the  attaching  of  such  a  knight  as  I  am  ?  Who 
was  he  that  knows  not  how  knights-errant  are  exempted 
from  all  tribunals  ?  and  how  that  their  sword  is  the  law, 
their  valour  the  bench,  and  their  wills  the  statutes  of  their 
courts  ?  I  say  again,  what  madman  was  he  that  knows  not 
how   that    no  privilege    of    gentry  enjoys  so  many   pre- 


120  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

eminences,  immunities,  and  exemptions  as  that  which  a 
knight-errant  acquires  the  day  wherein  he  is  dubbed  and 
undertakes  the  rigorous  exercise  of  arms  ?  What  knight- 
errant  did  ever  pay  tribute,  subsidy,  tallage,  carriage,  or 
passage  over  water  ?  What  tailor  ever  had  money  for 
making  his  clothes  ?  What  constable  ever  lodged  him  in 
castle,  that  made  him  after  to  pay  for  the  shot  ?  What 
king  hath  not  placed  him  at  his  own  table  ?  What  damsel 
hath  not  fallen  in  love  with  him,  and  permitted  him  to  use 
her  as  he  liked  ?  And  finally,  what  knight-errant  was 
there  ever,  is,  or  ever  shall  be  in  the  world,  which  hath 
not  the  courage  himself  alone  to  give  four  hundred  blows 
with  a  cudgel  to  four  hundred  troopers  that  shall  presume 
to  stand  before  him  in  hostile  manner  ? ' 


CHAPTER  XIX 

In  which  is  finished  the  Notable  Adventure  of  the  'Troopers^ 
and  the  great  Ferocity  of  our  Knight^  Don  ^ixote,  and 
how  he  was  enchanted 

Whilst  Don  Quixote  said  this,  the  curate  laboured  to 
persuade  the  troopers  how  the  knight  was  distracted,  as 
they  themselves  might  collect  by  his  works  and  words, 
and  therefore  it  would  be  to  no  end  to  prosecute  their 
design  any  further,  seeing  that  although  they  did  apprehend 
and  carry  him  away  he  would  be  presently  delivered  again 
as  a  madman.  To  this,  he  that  had  the  warrant  made 
answer,  that  it  concerned  him  not  to  determine  whether 
he  was  mad  or  no,  but  only  to  obey  and  execute  his 
superior's  command  ;  and  that  being  once  prisoner,  they 
might  deliver  him  three  hundred  times  and  if  it  were 
their  good  pleasure.  '  For  all  that,'  quoth  the  curate, 
'  you  may  not  carry  him  with  you  at  this  time  ;  nor,  as  I 
suppose,  will  he  suffer  himself  to  be  taken.'  To  be  brief, 
the  curate  said  so  much,  and  Don  Quixote  played  so  many 


Chap.  XIX         GENERAL   SATISFACTION  121 

mad  pranks,  as  the  troopers  themselves  would  have  proved 
greater  fools  than  he  if  they  had  not  manifestly  discerned 
his  defect  of  judgment  ;  and  therefore  they  held  it  to  be 
the  best  course  to  let  him  alone,  yea,  and  be  compounders 
of  peace  and  amity  between  Sancho  Panza  and  the  barber, 
which  still  continued  their  most  rancorous  and  deadly 
contention.  Finally,  they,  as  the  officers  of  justice,  did 
mediate  the  cause,  and  were  arbiters  thereof  in  such  sort, 
as  both  the  parties  remained,  though  not  wholly  contented, 
yet  in  some  sort  satisfied,  for  they  only  made  them 
exchange  their  pannels,  but  not  their  girths  or  headstalls. 

As  touching  Mambrino's  helmet,  the  curate  did  un- 
awares to  Don  Quixote  give  to  the  barber  eight  reals  by 
it,  and  the  barber  gave  back  unto  him  an  acquittance 
of  the  receipt  thereof,  an  everlasting  release  of  all 
actions  concerning  it.  These  two  discords,  which  were 
the  most  principal  and  of  most  consequence,  being  thus 
accorded,  it  only  rested  that  three  of  Don  Louis  his 
serving- men  would  be  content  to  return  home,  and  leave 
the  fourth  to  accompany  his  master  whither  Don  Fernando 
pleased  to  carry  him.  And  as  good  hap  and  better  fortune 
had  already  begun  to  break  lances,  and  facilitate  difficulties, 
in  the  favour  of  the  lovers  and  worthy  persons  of  the  inn,  so 
did  it  resolve  to  proceed  forward,  and  give  a  prosperous 
success  unto  all ;  for  the  serving-men  were  content  to  do 
whatsoever  their  master  would  have  them  :  whereat  Donna 
Clara  was  so  cheerful,  as  no  one  beheld  her  face  in  that 
season  but  might  read  therein  the  inward  contentment  of  her 
mind.  Zoraida,  although  she  did  not  very  well  understand 
all  the  successes  of  the  things  she  had  seen,  yet  was  she 
interchangeably  grieved  and  cheered  according  to  the  shows 
made  by  the  rest,  but  chiefly  by  her  Spaniard,  on  whom 
her  eyes  were  always  fixed,  and  all  the  affects  of  her  mind 
depended.  The  innkeeper,  who  did  not  forget  the  recom- 
pense made  by  the  curate  to  the  barber,  demanded  of  him 
Don  Quixote's  expenses,  and  satisfaction  for  the  damage 
he  had  done  to  his  wine-bags,  and  the  loss  of  his  wine, 
swearing  that  neither  Rozinante  nor  Sancho  his  ass  should 
depart   out   of  the  inn   until  he  were  paid  the  very  last 


122  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

farthing.  All  was  quietly  ended  by  the  curate ;  and  Don 
Fernando  paid  the  whole  sum,  although  the  judge  had  also 
most  liberally  offered  to  do  it ;  and  all  of  them  remained 
afterwards  in  such  quietness  and  peace,  as  the  inn  did  no 
longer  resemble  the  discorded  camp  of  Agramante,  as  Don 
Quixote  termed  it,  but  rather  enjoyed  the  very  peace  and 
tranquillity  of  the  Emperor  Octavian's  time  ;  for  all  which 
the  common  opinion  was,  that  thanks  were  justly  due  to 
the  sincere  proceeding  and  great  eloquence  of  master 
curate,  and  to  the  incomparable  liberality  and  goodness  of 
Don  Fernando.  Don  Quixote,  perceiving  himself  free,  and 
delivered  from  so  many  difficulties  and  brabbles  where- 
withal as  well  he  as  his  esquire  had  been  perplexed,  held  it 
high  time  to  prosecute  his  commenced  voyage,  and  bring 
to  an  end  the  great  adventure  unto  which  he  was  called 
and  chosen.  Therefore,  with  resolute  determination  to 
depart,  he  went  and  cast  himself  on  his  knees  before 
Dorothea,  who,  not  permitting  him  to  speak  until  he  arose, 
he  to  obey  her  stood  up,  and  said,  'It  is  a  common  pro- 
verb, beautiful  lady,  that  "diligence  is  the  mother  of  good 
hap'';  and  in  many  and  grave  affairs  experience  hath 
showed  that  the  solicitude  and  sore  of  the  suitor  oft  brings 
a  doubtful  matter  to  a  certain  and  happy  end  ;  but  this 
truth  appears  in  nothing  more  clearly  than  in  matters  of 
war,  wherein  celerity  and  expedition  prevent  the  enemy's 
designs,  and  obtain  the  victory  before  an  adversary  can  put 
himself  in  defence.  All  this  I  say,  high  and  worthy  lady, 
because  it  seems  to  me  that  our  abode  in  this  castle  is 
nothing  profitable,  and  may  therewithal  turn  so  far  to  our 
hindrance  as  we  may  palpably  feel  it  one  day  ;  for  who 
knows  but  that  your  enemy,  the  giant,  hath  learned  by  spies, 
or  other  secret  intelligence  and  means,  how  I  mean  to  come 
and  destroy  him,  and  (opportunity  favouring  his  designs) 
that  he  may  have  fortified  himself  in  some  inexpugnable 
castle  or  fortress,  against  the  strength  whereof  neither  mine 
industry  nor  the  force  of  mine  invincible  arm  can  much 
prevail.  Wherefore,  dear  lady,  let  us  prevent,  as  I  have 
said,  by  our  diligence,  and  let  us  presently  depart  unto 
the  place  whereunto  we  are  called  by  our  good  fortune, 


Chap.  XIX     THE   PRINCESS   MICOMICONA  123 

which  shall  be  deferred  no  longer  than  I  am  absent  from 
your  highnesses  foe.'  Here  he  held  his  peace,  and  did 
expect,  with  great  gravity,  the  beautiful  princess's  answer, 
who,  with  debonnaire  countenance,  and  a  style  accommo- 
dated unto  Don  Quixote,  returned  him  this  answer :  '  I 
do  gratify  and  thank,  sir  knight,  the  desire  you  show  to 
assist  me  in  this  my  great  need,  which  denotes  very  clearly 
the  great  care  you  have  to  favour  orphans  and  distressed 
wights ;  and  I  beseech  God  that  your  good  desires  and 
mine  may  be  accomplished,  to  the  end  that  you  may  see 
how  there  are  some  thankful  women  on  earth.  As 
touching  my  departure,  let  it  be  forthwith,  for  I  have 
none  other  will  than  that  which  is  yours  ;  therefore  you 
may  dispose  of  me  at  your  own  pleasure  ;  for  she  that 
hath  once  committed  the  defence  of  her  person  unto  you, 
and  hath  put  into  your  hands  the  restitution  of  her  estate, 
ought  not  to  seek  to  do  any  other  thing  than  that  which 
your  wisdom  shall  ordain.'  *  In  the  name  of  God,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  *  seeing  that  your  highness  doth  so  humble 
yourself  unto  me,  I  will  not  lose  the  occasion  of  exalting 
it,  and  installing  it  again  in  the  throne  of  your  inheritance. 
Let  our  departure  be  incontinent ;  for  my  desires,  and  the 
way,  and  that  which  they  call  the  danger  that  is  in  delay, 
do  spur  me  on.  And  seeing  that  Heaven  never  created, 
nor  hell  ever  beheld,  any  man  that  could  affright  me  or 
make  a  coward  of  me,  go  therefore,  Sancho,  and  saddle 
Rozinante,  and  empannel  thine  ass,  and  make  ready  the 
queen's  palfrey,  and  let  us  take  leave  of  the  constable  and 
those  other  lords,  and  depart  away  from  hence  instantly.' 

Then  Sancho,  who  was  present  at  all  this,  wagging  of 
his  head,  said,  '  O  my  lord,  my  lord !  how  much  more 
knavery  (be  it  spoken  with  the  pardon  of  all  honest 
kerchiefs)  is  there  in  the  little  village  than  is  talked  of ! ' 
'  What  ill  can  there  be  in  any  village,  or  in  all  the  cities  of 
the  world,  able  to  impair  my  credit,  thou  villain  ? '  'If 
thou  be  angry,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  will  hold  my  tongue, 
and  omit  to  say  that  which,  by  the  duty  of  a  good  squire 
and  of  an  honest  servant,  I  am  bound  to  tell  you.'  '  Say 
what  thou  wilt,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,   '  so  thy  words  be 


124  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

not  addressed  to  make  me  afraid  ;  for  if  thou  beest 
frighted,  thou  dost  only  like  thyself;  and  if  I  be  devoid 
of  terror,  I  also  do  that  which  I  ought.*  ^  It  is  not  that 
which  I  mean,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  but  that  I  do  hold,  for 
most  sure  and  certain,  that  this  lady  which  calls  herself 
queen  of  the  great  kingdom  of  Micomicon,  is  no  more  a 
queen  than  my  mother  ;  for  if  she  were  what  she  says, 
she  would  not,  at  every  corner  and  at  every  turning  of  a 
hand,  be  billing  as  she  is  with  one  that  is  in  this  good 
company.'  Dorothea  blushed  at  Sancho's  words ;  for  it 
was  true,  indeed,  that  her  spouse,  Don  Fernando,  would 
now  and  then  privately  steal  from  her  lips  some  part  of 
the  reward  which  his  desires  did  merit  (which  Sancho 
espying,  it  seemed  to  him  that  that  kind  of  wanton 
familiarity  was  more  proper  to  courtesans  than  becoming 
the  queen  of  so  great  a  kingdom),  and  yet  she  neither 
could  nor  would  reply  unto  him,  but  let  him  continue  his 
speech,  as  folio weth  :  *  This  I  do  say,  good  my  lord,' 
quoth  he,  *  to  this  end :  that  if,  after  we  have  run  many 
ways  and  courses,  and  endured  bad  nights  and  worse 
days,  he  that  is  in  this  inn  sporting  himself,  shall  come  to 
gather  the  fruit  of  our  labours,  there  is  no  reason  to 
hasten  me  thus  to  saddle  Rozinante,  or  empannel  the  ass, 
or  make  ready  the  palfrey,  seeing  it  would  be  better  that 
we  stayed  still,  and  that  every  whore  spun,  and  we  fell  to 
our  victuals.' 

O  God !  how  great  was  the  fury  that  inflamed  Don 
Quixote  when  he  heard  his  squire  speak  so  respectlessly  ! 
I  say  it  was  so  great  that,  with  a  shaking  voice,  a  faltering 
tongue,  and  the  fire  sparkling  out  of  his  eyes,  he  said,  '  O 
villanous  peasant!  rash,  unmannerly,  ignorant,  rude, 
blasphemous,  bold  murmurer  and  detractor!  hast  thou 
presumed  to  speak  such  words  in  my  presence,  and  in  that 
of  these  noble  ladies  ?  and  hast  thou  dared  to  entertain 
such  rash  and  dishonest  surmises  into  thy  confused  imagi- 
nation ?  Depart  out  of  my  sight,  thou  monster  of  nature, 
storehouse  of  untruths,  armoury  of  falsehood,  sink  of 
roguery,  inventor  of  villany,  publisher  of  ravings,  and  the 
enemy  of  that  decency  which  is  to  be  used  towards  royal 


Chap.  XIX  SANCHO   ENCHANTED  125 

persons!  Away,  villain!  and  never  appear  before  me, 
under  pain  of  mine  indignation !  '  And,  saying  so,  he 
bended  his  brows,  filled  up  his  cheeks,  looked  about  him 
on  every  side,  and  struck  a  great  blow  with  his  right  foot 
on  the  ground — all  manifest  tokens  of  the  rage  which 
inwardly  fretted  him.  At  which  words  and  furious 
gestures,  poor  Sancho  remained  so  greatly  affrighted,  as 
he  could  have  wished  in  that  instant  that  the  earth,  opening 
under  his  feet,  would  swallow  him  up,  and  knew  not  what 
to  do,  but  turn  his  back,  and  get  him  out  of  his  lord's 
most  furious  presence.  But  the  discreet  Dorothea,  who 
was  now  so  well  schooled  in  Don  Quixote's  humour,  to 
mitigate  his  ire,  said  unto  him,  '  Be  not  offended,  good  Sir 
Knight  of  the  Sad  Face,  at  the  idle  words  which  your  good 
squire  hath  spoken;  for  perhaps  he  hath  not  said  them 
without  some  ground ;  nor  of  his  good  understanding  and 
Christian  mind  can  it  be  suspected  that  he  would  wittingly 
slander  or  accuse  anybody  falsely  ;  and  therefore  we  must 
believe,  without  all  doubt,  that  as  in  this  castle,  as  you 
yourself  have  said,  sir  knight,  all  things  are  represented, 
and  succeed  by  manner  of  enchantment ;  I  say  it  might 
befall  that  Sancho  may  have  seen,  by  diabolical  illusion, 
that  which  he  says  he  beheld,  so  much  to  the  prejudice  of 
my  reputation.' 

'  I  vow  by  the  omnipotent  Jove,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  that  your  highness  hath  hit  the  very  prick,  and  that  some 
wicked  vision  appeared  to  this  sinner,  my  man  Sancho,  that 
made  him  to  see  that  which  otherwise  were  impossible  to 
be  seen  by  any  other  way  than  that  of  enchantment ;  for  I 
know  very  well  the  great  goodness  and  simplicity  of  that 
poor  wretch  is  such  as  he  knows  not  how  to  invent  a  lie  on 
anybody  living.'  '  It  is  even  so,  and  so  it  shall  be,'  quoth 
Don  Fernando ;  '  and  therefore,  good  sir  Don  Quixote, 
you  must  pardon  him,  and  reduce  him  again  to  the  bosom 
of  your  good  grace,  sicut  erat  in  principio^  and  before  the  like 
visions  did  distract  his  sense.'  Don  Quixote  answered 
that  he  did  willingly  pardon  him.  And  therefore  the 
curate  went  for  Sancho,  who  returned  very  humbly,  and, 
kneeling  down  on  his  knees,  demanded  his  lord's  hand, 


126       •  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

which  he  gave  unto  him ;  and  after  that  he  had  permitted 
him  to  kiss  it,  he  gave  him  his  blessing,  saying,  '  Now 
thou  shalt  finally  know,  Sancho,  that  which  I  have  told 
thee  divers  times,  how  that  all  the  things  of  this  castle  are 
made  by  way  of  enchantment/  ^  So  do  I  verily  believe,' 
said  Sancho,  '  except  that  of  the  canvassing  in  the  blanket, 
which  really  succeeded  by  an  ordinary  and  natural  way.' 
*  Do  not  believe  that,'  said  Don  Quixote ;  '  for  if  it  were 
so,  I  would  both  then,  and  also  now,  have  taken  a  dire 
revenge  ;  but  neither  then  nor  now  could  I  ever  see  any 
on  whom  I  might  revenge  that  thine  injury.'  All  of  them 
desired  greatly  to  know  what  that  accident  of  the  blanket 
was  ;  and  then  the  innkeeper  recounted  it,  point  by  point, 
the  flights  that  Sancho  Panza  made,  whereat  they  all  did 
laugh  not  a  little  ;  and  Sancho  would  have  been  ashamed 
no  less,  if  his  lord  had  not  anew  persuaded  him  that  it 
was  a  mere  enchantment.  And  yet  Sancho's  madness  was 
never  so  great  as  to  believe  that  it  was  not  a  real  truth 
verily  befallen  him,  without  any  colour  or  mixture  of  fraud 
or  illusion,  but  that  he  was  tossed  by  persons  of  flesh, 
blood,  and  bone,  and  not  by  dreamed  and  imagined 
shadows  or  spirits,  as  his  lord  believed,  and  so  constantly 
affirmed. 

Two  days  were  now  expired  when  all  that  noble  com- 
pany had  sojourned  in  the  inn  ;  and  then,  it  seeming  unto 
them  high  time  to  depart,  they  devised  how,  without 
putting  Dorothea  and  Don  Fernando  to  the  pains  to  turn 
back  with  Don  Quixote  to  his  village,  under  pretence  of 
restoring  the  Queen  Micomicona,  the  curate  and  barber 
might  carry  him  back  as  they  desired,  and  endeavour  to 
have  him  cured  of  his  folly  in  his  own  house.  And  their 
invention  was  this  :  they  agreed  with  one,  who  by  chance 
passed  by  that  way  with  a  team  of  oxen,  to  carry  him  in 
this  order  following  :  They  made  a  thing  like  a  cage,  of 
timber,  so  big  as  that  Don  Quixote  might  sit  or  lie  in  it  at 
his  ease  ;  and  presently  after,  Don  Fernando  and  his 
fellows,  with  Don  Louis  his  servants,  the  troopers,  and 
the  innkeeper,  did  all  of  them,  by  master  curate's  direction, 
cover  their  faces,  and  disguise  themselves,  every  one  as  he 


Chap.  XIX        DON   QUIXOTE   ENCAGED  127 

might  best,  so  that  they  might  seem  to  Don  Quixote  other 
people  than  such  as  he  had  seen  in  the  castle.  And  this 
being  done,  they  entered  with  very  great  silence  into  the 
place  where  he  slept,  and  took  his  rest  after  the  related 
conflicts  ;  and,  approaching  him  who  slept  securely,  not 
fearing  any  such  accident,  and  laying  hold  on  him  very 
strongly,  they  tied  his  hands  and  his  feet  very  strongly,  so 
that  when  he  started  out  of  his  sleep  he  could  not  stir 
himself,  nor  do  any  other  thing  than  admire  and  wonder 
at  those  strange  shapes  that  he  saw  standing  before  him  ; 
and  presently  he  fell  into  the  conceit  which  his  continual 
and  distracted  imagination  had  already  suggested  unto  him, 
believing  that  all  those  strange  figures  w^ere  the  spirits  and 
shadows  of  that  enchanted  castle,  and  that  he  himself  was 
now  without  doubt  enchanted,  seeing  he  could  neither 
move  nor  defend  himself  All  this  succeeded  just  as  the 
curate,  who  plotted  the  jest,  made  full  account  it  would. 
Only  Sancho,  among  all  those  that  were  present,  was  in 
his  right  sense  and  shape  ;  and  although  he  wanted  but 
little  to  be  sick  of  his  lord's  disease,  yet  for  all  that  he 
knew  all  those  counterfeit  ghosts  ;  but  he  would  not  once 
unfold  his  lips,  until  he  might  see  the  end  of  that  surprisal 
and  imprisonment  of  his  master  ;  who  likewise  spoke 
never  a  word,  but  only  looked  to  see  what  would  be  the 
period  of  his  disgrace  ;  which  was  that,  bringing  him  to 
the  cage,  they  shut  him  within,  and  afterwards  nailed  the 
bars  thereof  so  well  as  they  could  not  be  easily  broken. 
They  presently  mounted  him  upon  their  shoulders ;  and  as 
he  issued  out  at  the  chamber  door,  they  heard  as  dreadful  a 
voice  as  the  barber  could  devise  (not  he  of  the  pannel,  but 
the  other),  which  said,  '  O  Knight  of  the  Sad  Countenance ! 
be  not  grieved  at  the  imprisonment  whereinto  thou  art  led  ; 
for  so  it  must  be,  that  thereby  the  adventure,  into  which  thy 
great  force  and  valour  hath  thrust  thee,  may  be  the  more 
speedily  ended ;  and  ended  it  will  be  when  the  furious  Man- 
chegan  lion  and  the  white  Tobosian  dove  shall  be  united  in 
one  ;  and  after  they  have  humbled  their  lofty  crest  unto  the 
soft  yoke  of  wedlock,  from  whose  wonderful  comfort  shall 
issue  to  the  light  of  the  orb  fierce  whelps,   which  shall 


128  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

imitate  the  raunching  paws  of  their  valorous  father.  And 
this  shall  be  before  the  pursuer  of  the  fugitive  nymph  do, 
with  his  swift  and  natural  course,  make  two  turns  in  visita- 
tion of  the  glittering  images.  And  thou,  O  the  most  noble 
and  obedient  squire  that  ever  had  sword  at  a  girdle,  beard 
on  a  face,  or  dent  in  a  nose  !  let  it  not  dismay  or  discon- 
tent thee  to  see  carried  away  before  thy  eyes  the  flower  of 
all  chivalry-errant  ;  for  very  speedily,  if  it  please  the 
Framer  of  the  world,  thou  shalt  see  thyself  so  exalted  and 
ennobled  as  thou  shalt  scarce  know  thyself.  Nor  shalt 
thou  be  defrauded  of  the  promises  made  unto  thee  by  thy 
noble  lord  ;  and  I  do  assure  thee,  from  the  wise  Mentiro- 
niana,  that  thy  wages  shall  be  paid  thee,  as  thou  shalt 
quickly  see  in  effect.  And  therefore  follow  the  steps  of 
the  valorous  and  enchanted  knight  ;  for  it  is  necessary 
that  thou  go  to  the  place  where  you  both  shall  stay. 
And  because  I  am  not  permitted  to  say  more,  farewell ; 
for  I  do  return,  I  well  know  whither.'  Towards  the  end 
of  this  prophecy  he  lifted  up  his  voice,  and  afterwards 
lessened  it,  with  so  slender  an  accent  that  even  those  which 
were  acquainted  with  the  jest  almost  believed  what  they 
had  heard. 

Don  Quixote  was  very  much  comforted  by  the  prophecy  ; 
for  he  presently  apprehended  the  whole  sense  thereof,  and 
perceived  how  he  was  promised  in  marriage  his  beloved 
Dulcinea  of  Toboso,  from  whose  happy  womb  should  sally 
the  whelps,  which  were  his  sons,  to  the  eternal  glory  of  the 
Mancha.  And,  believing  all  this  most  firmly,  he  elevated 
his  voice,  and,  breathing  forth  a  great  sigh,  thus  said  : 
'  O  thou,  whatsoever  thou  beest,  which  hath  prognosti- 
cated so  great  good  to  me,  I  desire  thee  to  request,  in  my 
name,  the  wise  man  who  hath  charge  to  record  mine  acts, 
that  he  permit  me  not  to  perish  in  this  prison,  to  which 
they  now  do  carry  me,  before  the  accomplishment  of  so 
joyful  and  incomparable  promises  as  now  have  been  made 
unto  me  ;  for,  so  that  this  may  befall,  I  will  account  the 
pains  of  my  prison  a  glory,  and  the  chains  that  environ  me 
an  ease  ;  and  will  not  esteem  this  bed  whereon  I  am  laid 
a  hard  field  of  battle,  but  a  soft  tick  and  a  most  fortunate 


Chap.  XX  DON   QUIXOTE   ENCAGED  129 

lodging.  And,  as  concerning  the  consolation  of  my  squire 
Sancho  Panza,  I  trust  in  his  goodness  and  honest  proceed- 
ing, that  he  will  not  abandon  me  in  good  or  bad  fortune  ; 
for  though  it  should  fall  out,  through  his  or  my  hard  hap, 
that  I  shall  not  be  able  to  bestow  on  him  an  island,  or 
other  equivalent  thing,  as  I  have  promised,  his  wages  at 
least  cannot  be  lost ;  for  in  my  testament,  which  is  made 
already,  I  have  set  down  what  he  is  to  have,  though  not 
conformably  to  his  many  good  services,  yet  according  to 
my  possibility.'  Sancho  Panza  bowed  his  head  with  great 
reverence,  and  kissed  both  his  hands,  for  one  alone  he 
could  not,  by  reason  they  were  bound  together  ;  and  pre- 
sently those  visions  did  lift  up  the  cage  and  accommodate 
it  on  the  team  of  oxen. 


CHAPTER  XX 

Wherein  is  prosecuted  the  Manner  of  Don  Quixote's 
Enchantment,  with  other  Famous  Occurrences 

When  Don  Quixote  saw  himself  to  be  encaged  after  that 
manner,  and  placed  in  the  cart,  he  said,  *  I  have  read  many 
and  very  grave  histories  of  knights-errant,  but  I  never 
read,  saw,  nor  heard  that  they  were  wont  to  carry  knights- 
errant  enchanted  after  this  manner,  and  with  the  leisure 
that  those  slothful  and  heavy  beasts  do  threaten ;  for  they 
were  ever  accustomed  to  be  carried  in  the  air  with  wonder- 
ful speed,  shut  in  some  dusky  and  obscure  cloud,  or  in 
some  fiery  chariot,  or  on  some  hippogrifF,  or  some  other 
such  like  beast ;  but  that  they  carry  me  now  on  a  team  of 
oxen,  I  protest  it  drives  me  into  a  great  amazement ;  but 
perhaps  both  chivalry,  and  the  enchantments  of  these  our 
times,  do  follow  a  course  different  from  those  of  former 
ages  ;  and  peradventure  it  may  also  be,  that  as  I  am  a  new 
knight  in  the  world,  and  the  first  that  hath  again  revived 
the  now  neglected  and  forgotten  exercise  of  arms,  so  have 
II.  I 


130  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

they  also  newly  invented  other  kinds  of  enchantments, 
and  other  manners  of  carrying  away  enchanted  knights. 
What  dost  thou  think  of  this,  son  Sancho ? *  'I  know 
not,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  what  to  think,  because  I  am  not  so 
well  seen  in  scriptures-errant  as  you  are ;  but  for  all  this 
I  durst  affirm  and  swear,  that  these  visions  which  go  up 
and  down  in  this  place  are  not  altogether  catholic' 
*  Catholics  !  my  father  ! '  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  *  how  can 
they  be  catholics,  when  they  be  all  devils,  which  have 
assumed  phantastical  bodies  to  come  and  put  me  into  this 
state  ?  And  if  thou  wilt  prove  the  truth  hereof,  do  but 
touch  and  feel  them,  and  thou  shalt  find  them  to  have  no 
bodies  but  of  air,  and  that  they  consist  of  nothing  but 
an  outward  appearance/  '  Now,  by  my  faith,  sir,' 
quoth  Sancho,  *  I  have  already  touched  them,  and  find 
this  devil  that  goeth  there  so  busily  up  and  down,  both 
plump  and  soft-freshed ;  and  that  he  hath  besides  another 
property  very  different  from  that  which  I  have  heard 
say  devils  have ;  for  it  is  said  that  they  smell  all  of  brim- 
stone and  other  filthy  things,  but  one  may  feel,  at  least 
half  a  league  off,  the  amber  that  this  devil  smells  of 
Sancho  spoke  this  of  Don  Fernando,  who  belike,  as 
lords  of  his  rank  are  wont,  had  his  attire  perfumed  with 
amber. 

*  Marvel  not  thereat,  friend  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  'for  the  devils  are  very  crafty,  and  although 
they  bring  smells  or  perfumes  about  them,  yet  they 
themselves  smell  nothing,  because  they  are  spirits  ;  or  if 
they  do  smell  aught,  it  is  not  good,  but  evil  and  stink- 
ing savours :  the  reason  is,  for  that  as  they  do  always 
bear,  wheresoever  they  be,  their  hell  about  them,  and 
can  receive  no  kind  of  ease  of  their  torments,  and  good 
smells  be  things  that  delight  and  please,  it  is  not  possible 
that  they  can  smell  any  good  thing ;  and  if  it  seem  to 
thee  that  that  devil  whom  thou  dost  mention  smells  of 
amber,  either  thou  art  deceived,  or  he  would  deceive  thee, 
by  making  thee  to  think  that  he  is  no  devil.'  All  these 
discourses  passed  between  the  master  and  the  man,  the 
whilst  Don  Fernando  and  Cardenio,  fearing  lest  Sancho 


Chap.  XX         DON   QUIXOTE   ENCAGED  131 

should  find  out  the  deceit  whereto  he  was  already  come 
very  near,  resolved  to  hasten  the  knight's  departure ;  and 
therefore,  calling  the  innkeeper  aside,  they  commanded 
him  to  saddle  Rozinante,  and  empannel  Sancho's  beast, 
which  he  did  with  all  expedition.  And  the  curate  agreed 
with  the  troopers  for  so  much  a  day,  to  accompany  him 
unto  his  village.  Cardenio  hanged,  at  the  pommel  of 
Rozinante's  saddle,  the  target  on  the  one  side,  and  on  the 
other  the  basin  ;  and  by  signs  he  commanded  Sancho  to 
get  up  on  his  ass,  .and  to  lead  Rozinante  along  by  the 
bridle,  and  afterwards  placed  on  either  side  of  the  cart  two 
troopers,  with  their  firelocks. 

But  before  the  cart  departed,  the  hostess,  her  daughter, 
and  Maritornes  came  out  to  bid  Don  Quixote  farewell, 
feigning  that  they  wept  for  sorrow  of  his  disaster  ;  to 
whom  Don  Quixote  said,  *  My  good  ladies,  do  not  weep  ; 
for  all  these  mischances  are  incident  to  those  which  profess 
that  which  I  do,  and  if  these  calamities  had  not  befallen  me,  I 
would  never  have  accounted  myself  for  a  famous  knight- 
errant  ;  for  the  like  chances  never  happen  to  knights  of 
little  name  or  renown,  because  there  [is]  none  in  the  world 
that  makes  any  mention  of  them  ;  but  they  often  befall  to 
the  valorous,  who  have  emulators  of  their  virtue  and  valour, 
both  many  princes  and  many  other  knights,  that  strive  by 
indirect  means  to  destroy  them.  But  for  all  that,  virtue  is 
so  potent,  as  by  herself  alone,  in  despite  of  all  the 
necromancy  that  ever  the  first  inventor  thereof,  Zoroaster, 
knew,  she  will  come  off  victorious  from  every  danger,  and 
will  shine  in  the  world  as  the  sun  doth  in  heaven.  Pardon 
me,  fair  ladies,  if  by  any  carelessness  I  have  done  you  any 
displeasure,  for  with  my  will  and  knowledge  I  never 
wronged  any.  And  pray  unto  God  for  me,  that  he  will 
please  to  deliver  me  out  of  this  prison,  whereinto  some 
ill-meaning  enchanter  hath  thrust  me  ;  for  if  I  once  may 
see  myself  at  liberty  again,  I  will  never  forget  the  favours 
which  you  have  done  me  in  this  castle,  but  greatly  acknow- 
ledge and  recompense  them  as  they  deserve.'  Whilst  the 
ladies  of  the  castle  were  thus  entertained  by  Don  Quixote, 
the  curate  and  barber  took  leave  of  Don  Fernando  and  his 


132  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

companions,  of  the  captain  and  his  brother,  and  of  all  the 
contented  ladies,  especially  of  Dorothea  and  Lucinda.  All 
of  them  embraced,  and  promised  to  acquaint  one  another 
with  their  succeeding  fortunes  ;  Don  Fernando  entreating 
the  curate  to  write  unto  him  what  became  of  Don  Quixote, 
assuring  him  that  no  affair  he  could  inform  him  of  should 
please  him  better  than  that,  and  that  he  would,  in  lieu 
thereof,  acquaint  him  with  all  occurrences  which  he  thought 
would  delight  him,  either  concerning  his  own  marriage  or 
Zoraida's  baptism,  or  the  success  of  Don  Louis,  and 
Lucinda's  return  into  her  house. 

The  curate  offered  willingly  to  accomplish  to  a  hair  all 
that  he  had  commanded  him  ;  and  so  they  returned  once 
again  to  embrace  one  another,  and  to  renew  their  mutual  and 
complimentary  offers.  The  innkeeper  came  also  to  the 
curate,  and  gave  him  certain  papers,  saying  that  he  had 
found  them  within  one  of  the  linings  of  the  wallet  wherein 
the  Tale  of  the  Curious-Impertinent  was  had,  and  that,  since 
the  owner  did  not  return  to  fetch  it,  he  bade  him  take 
them  all  with  him  ;  for,  seeing  he  could  not  read,  he 
would  keep  them  no  longer.  Master  curate  yielded  him 
many  thanks  ;  and  then,  opening  them,  found  in  the 
beginning  thereof  these  words.  The  Tale  of  Riconete  and 
Cortadillo,  by  which  he  understood  that  it  was  some  history, 
and  collected  that  it  must  be  a  good  one,  seeing  that  of  the 
Curious-Impertinent,  contrived  perhaps  by  the  same  author, 
had  proved  so  well ;  and  therefore  he  laid  it  up,  with  an 
intention  to  read  it  as  soon  as  he  had  opportunity.  Then 
he  mounted  on  horseback  with  his  friend  the  barber  ;  and 
both  of  them,  putting  on  their  masks,  that  they  might  not 
quickly  be  known  by  Don  Quixote,  they  travelled  after 
the  team,  which  held  on  in  this  order :  first  went  the  cart, 
guided  by  the  carter ;  on  both  sides  thereof  the  troopers 
rode,  with  their  firelocks ;  then  followed  Sancho  upon  his 
ass,  leading  Rozinante  by  the  bridle ;  and  last  of  all  came 
the  curate  and  barber,  upon  their  mighty  mules,  and  with 
their  faces  covered ;  all  in  a  grave  posture,  and  with  an 
alderman-like  pace,  and  travelling  no  faster  than  the  slow 
steps  of  the  heavy  oxen  permitted  them.     Don  Quixote 


Chap.  XX  DON   QUIXOTE   ENCAGED  133 

sat  with  his  hands  tied,  his  legs  stretched  out,  and  leaning 
against  the  bar  of  the  cage,  with  such  a  silence  and 
patience  as  he  rather  seemed  a  statue  than  a  man.  In 
this  quiet  and  leisurely  manner  they  travelled  for  the 
space  of  two  leagues,  when,  arriving  to  a  valley,  it  seemed 
to  their  conductor  a  fit  place  to  repose  and  bait  his  oxen ; 
and,  acquainting  the  curate  with  his  purpose,  the  barber 
was  of  opinion  that  they  should  yet  go  on  a  little  farther, 
because  he  knew  that  there  lay  behind  a  little  mountain, 
which  was  within  their  view,  a  certain  vale,  much  better 
furnished  with  grass  than  that  wherein  he  meant  to  abide. 
The  barber's  opinion  was  allowed;  and  therefore  they 
continued  on  their  travel :  when  the  curate,  looking  by 
chance  behind  him,  saw  coming  after  them  six  or  seven 
men  on  horseback,  and  very  well  appointed,  who  quickly 
got  ground  of  them  ;  for  they  came  not  the  lazy  and 
phlegmatic  pace  of  oxen,  but  as  men  that  were  mounted 
on  canons'  mules,  and  pricked  forward  with  a  desire  to 
pass  over  the  heat  of  the  day  in  their  inn,  which  was  not 
much  more  than  a  league  from  thence.  Finally,  those 
diligent  travellers  overtook  our  slothful  ones,  and  saluted 
them  courteously  ;  and  one  of  them,  that  was  a  canon  of 
Toledo  and  master  of  the  rest,  noting  the  orderly  pro- 
cession of  the  cart,  troopers,  Sancho,  Rozinante,  the  curate 
and  barber,  but  chiefly  the  encaged  Don  Quixote,  he  could 
not  forbear  to  demand  what  meant  the  carriage  of  that 
man  in  so  strange  a  manner,  although  he  did  already  con- 
jecture, by  observation  of  the  troopers,  that  he  was  some 
notable  robber,  or  other  delinquent,  the  punishment  of 
whom  belonged  to  the  Holy  Brotherhood.  One  of  the 
troopers,  to  whom  the  demand  was  made,  did  answer  in 
this  manner :  '  Sir,  we  know  not  wherefore  this  knight  is 
carried  in  this  form  ;  and  therefore  let  he  himself,  who 
best  may,  tell  you  the  reason  thereof.' 

Don  Quixote  had  overheard  their  discourse,  and  said,  *  If, 
gentlemen,  you  be  conversant  and  skilful  in  matters  of 
chivalry,  I  will  communicate  my  misfortunes  with  you ; 
but  if  you  be  not,  I  have  no  reason  to  trouble  myself  to 
recount    them.'     The    curate    and    barber,    seeing    the 


134  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

travellers  in  talk  with  Don  Quixote,  drew  near  to  make 
answer  for  him  in  such  sort  that  their  invention  might 
not  be  discovered ;  the  whilst  the  canon  replied  to  the 
knight,  and  said,  *  Truly,  brother,  I  am  better  acquainted 
with  books  of  knighthood  than  with  Villalpando's  Logic  ; 
and  therefore,  if  all  the  difficulty  rest  only  in  that,  you 
may  safely  communicate  whatsoever  you  will  with  me.' 
'A  God's  name  be  it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote;  ^you  shall 
therefore  understand,  sir  knight,  that  I  am  carried  away 
enchanted  in  this  cage,  through  the  envy  and  fraud  of 
wicked  magicians  ;  for  virtue  is  much  more  persecuted 
of  the  wicked  than  honoured  of  the  good.  I  am  a 
knight-errant ;  but  none  of  those  whose  names  are  not 
recorded  in  the  books  of  fame,  but  one  of  those  who, 
in  despite  of  envy  itself,  and  of  all  the  magicians  of 
Persia,  the  Brahmins  of  India,  or  of  the  Gymnosophists 
of  Ethiopia,  shall  hang  his  name  in  the  temple  of  eternity, 
that  it  may  serve  as  a  model  and  pattern  to  ensuing  ages, 
wherein  knights-errant  may  view  the  steps  which  they  are 
to  follow,  if  they  mean  to  aspire  to  the  top  and  honourable 
height  of  arms.'  '  The  knight  Sir  Don  Quixote  saith 
true,'  quoth  the  curate,  speaking  to  the  travellers,  '  that 
he  is  carried  away  in  this  chariot  enchanted,  not  through 
his  own  default  or  sins,  but  through  the  malignant 
treachery  of  those  to  whom  virtue  is  loathsome  and 
valour  odious.  This  is,  good  sir,  the  Knight  of  the 
Sad  Countenance  (if  you  have  at  any  time  heard  speak  of 
him),  whose  valorous  acts  shall  remain  ensculped  in 
stubborn  brass  and  time-surviving  marble,  though  envy 
and  malice  do  labour  never  so  much  to  obscure  them.' 

When  the  canon  heard  the  imprisoned  man  and  the 
three  speak  thus  in  one  tenor,  he  was  about  to  bless 
himself  for  wonder,  and  could  not  conjecture  what  had 
befallen  him  ;  and  into  no  less  admiration  were  they 
brought  that  came  with  him.  But  Sancho  Panza  having 
in  the  meantime  approached  to  hear  their  speech,  to  plaster 
up  the  matter,  added :  '  Now,  sirs,  whether  you  will  love 
me  well  or  ill  for  what  I  shall  say,  the  very  truth  of  the 
matter   is,    that    my   lord,    Don    Quixote,    is    as    much 


Chap.  XX       SANCHO   AND   THE   CURATE  135 

enchanted  as  my  mother,  and  no  more ;  for  his  judg- 
ment is  yet  whole  and  sound — he  eats  and  drinks,  and 
doth  his  necessities  as  other  men  do,  and  as  he  himself 
did  yesterday  and  other  days  before  they  encaged  him  :  all 
which  being  so,  how  can  you  make  me  believe  that  he 
goeth  enchanted  ?  for  I  have  heard  many  persons  avouch 
that  enchanted  persons  neither  eat,  nor  drink,  nor  speak ; 
and  yet,  my  lord,  if  he  be  not  thwarted,  will  talk  more  than 
twenty  barristers.'  And  then,  turning  towards  the  curate, 
he  said,  '  O  master  curate,  master  curate,  do  you  think  that 
I  do  not  know  you  ?  And  think  you  that  I  do  not 
suppose,  yea,  and  presage  whereto  these  new  enchant- 
ments are  addressed  ?  Well,  know  then  that  I  know  you 
well,  although  you  cover  your  face  never  so  much,  and 
that  I  understand  your  meaning,  how  deeply  soever  you 
smother  your  drifts.  But  in  fine,  where  emulation  and 
envy  reign,  virtue  cannot  live ;  where  pinching  sways, 
liberality  goes  by.  A  pox  take  the  devil !  for,  but  for 
your  reverence,  my  lord  had  e'er  this  time  been  wedded  to 
the  Princess  Micomicona,  and  I  myself  had  been  created 
an  earl  at  least ;  for  no  less  might  be  expected  either  from 
the  bounty  of  my  lord  or  the  greatness  of  my  deserts. 
But  now  I  perceive  that  to  be  true  which  is  commonly 
said,  ''  that  the  wheel  of  fortune  turns  about  more  swiftly 
than  that  of  a  mill,"  and  that  they  which  were  yesterday 
on  the  top  thereof,  lie  to-day  all  along  on  the  ground.  I 
am  chiefly  grieved  for  my  wife  and  children ;  for  whereas 
they  ought  and  might  hope  to  see  their  father  come  in  at 
his  gates  made  a  governor  or  viceroy  of  some  isle  or 
kingdom,  they  shall  now  see  him  return  unto  them  no 
better  than  a  poor  horse-boy.  All  which  I  have  urged  so 
much,  master  curate,  only  to  intimate  to  your  paternity 
how  you  ought  to  have  remorse,  and  make  a  scruple  of 
conscience,  of  treating  my  dear  lord  as  you  do ;  and  look 
to  it  well,  that  God  do  not  one  day  demand  at  your 
hands,  in  the  other  life,  amends  for  the  prison  whereinto 
you  carry  him,  and  that  you  be  not  answerable  for  all  the 
succours  and  good  deeds  which  he  would  have  aflx)rded 
the  world  in  this  time  of  his  captivity.' 


136  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

'  Snuff  me  those  candles/  quoth  the  barber,  hearing 
him  speak  so.  '  What,  Sancho  !  art  thou  also  of  thy 
master's  fraternity  ?  I  swear  by  the  Lord,  I  begin  to 
see  that  thou  art  very  like  to  keep  him  company  in  the 
cage,  and  that  thou  shalt  be  as  deeply  enchanted  as  he,  for 
the  portion  which  thou  hast  of  humour  and  chivalry. 
Thou  wast  in  an  ill  hour  begotten  with  child  by  his 
promises,  and  in  a  worse  did  the  isle,  which  thou  so 
greatly  longest  for,  sink  into  thy  pate.*  *  I  am  not  with 
child  by  anybody,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  nor  am  I  a  man  of 
humour,  to  let  anybody  get  me  with  child,  no,  though  it 
were  the  king  himself ;  and  although  I  be  poor,  yet  am  I 
a  Christian,  and  owe  nothing  to  any  one  ;  and  if  I  desire 
islands,  others  there  are  that  desire  worse  things,  and  every 
one  is  the  son  of  his  own  works  ;  and  under  the  name  of 
a  man  I  may  become  pope,  how  much  more  the  governor 
of  an  island,  and  chiefly  seeing  my  lord  may  gain  so 
many  as  he  may  want  men  to  bestow  them  on  ?  And 
therefore,  master  barber,  you  should  take  heed  how  you 
speak  ;  for  all  consists  not  in  trimming  of  beards  ;  and 
there  is  some  difference  between  Peter  and  Peter.  I  say 
it,  because  all  of  us  know  one  another,  and  no  man  shall 
unperceived  put  a  false  dye  upon  me.  As  concerning  my 
lord's  enchantment,  God  knows  the  truth  ;  and  therefore 
let  it  rest  as  it  is,  seeing  it  is  the  worse  for  the  stirring  in.' 
The  barber  would  not  reply  unto  Sancho,  lest  that,  with 
his  simplicities,  he  should  discover  what  the  curate  and 
himself  did  labour  so  much  to  conceal.  And  the  curate, 
doubting  the  same,  had  entreated  the  canon  to  prick  on  a 
little  forward,  and  he  would  unfold  to  him  the  mystery  of 
the  encaged  knight,  with  other  matters  of  delight.  The 
canon  did  so,  and,  taking  his  men  along  with  them,  was 
very  attentive  to  all  that  he  rehearsed  of  the  condition,  life, 
madness,  and  fashion  of  Don  Quixote.  There  did  he 
briefly  acquaint  him  with  the  original  cause  of  his  distrac- 
tion, and  all  the  progress  of  his  adventures,  until  his 
shutting  up  in  that  cage ;  and  their  own  design  in  carrying 
him  home  to  his  country,  to  try  whether  they  might  by 
any  means  find  out  a  remedy  for  his  frenzy.     The  canon 


Chap.  XX      THE   CANON   ON   ROMANCES  137 

and  his  men  again  admired  to  hear  so  strange  a  history  as 
that  of  Don  Quixote  ;  and  as  soon  as  the  curate  had 
ended  his  relation,  the  canon  said : 

'  Verily,  master  curate,  I  do  find  by  experience  that 
those  books  which  are  instituted  of  chivalry  or  knight- 
hood are  very  prejudicial  to  well-governed  commonwealths; 
and  although,  borne  away  by  an  idle  and  curious  desire,  I 
have  read  the  beginning  of  almost  as  many  as  are  im- 
printed of  that  subject,  yet  could  I  never  endure  myself 
to  finish  and  read  any  one  of  them  through  ;  for  methinks 
that  somewhat,  more  or  less,  they  all  import  one  thing, 
and  this  hath  no  more  than  that,  nor  the  other  more  than 
his  fellow.  And  in  mine  opinion,  this  kind  of  writing  and 
invention  falls  within  the  compass  of  the  fables  called 
Milesiae^  which  are  wandering  and  idle  tales,  whose  only 
scope  is  delight,  and  not  instruction  ;  quite  contrary  to  the 
project  of  those  called  Fabulae  Apologae^  which  delight  and 
instruct  together.  And  though  that  the  principal  end  of 
such  books  be  recreation,  yet  cannot  I  perceive  how  they 
can  yield  it,  seeing  they  be  forced  with  so  many  and  so 
proportionless  untruths  ;  for  the  delight  that  the  mind 
conceives  must  proceed  from  the  beauty  and  conformity 
which  it  sees  or  contemplates  in  such  things  as  the  sight 
or  imagination  represents  unto  it,  and  all  things  that  are 
deformed  and  discordant  must  produce  the  contrary  effect. 
Now,  then,  what  beauty  can  there  be,  or  what  proportion 
between  the  parts  and  the  whole,  or  the  whole  and  the 
parts,  in  a  book  or  fable  wherein  a  youth  of  sixteen  years 
of  age  gives  a  blow  to  a  giant  as  great  as  a  tower,  and  with 
that  blow  divides  him  in  two  as  easily  as  if  he  were  a  pellet 
of  sugar  }  And  when  they  describe  a  battle,  after  that  they 
have  told  us  how  there  were  at  least  a  million  of  men  on 
the  adverse  side,  yet  if  the  knight  of  the  book  be  against 
them,  we  must  of  force,  and  whether  we  will  or  no,  under- 
stand that  the  said  knight  obtained  the  victory  through  the 
invincible  strength  of  his  arm.  What,  then,  shall  we  say 
of  the  facility  wherewithal  the  inheritrix  of  a  kingdom  or 
empire  falls  between  the  arms  of  those  errant  and  unknown 
knights  }      What  understanding,  if  it  be  not  altogether 


138  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

barren  or  barbarous,  can  delight  itself,  reading  how  a  great 
tower  full  of  knights  doth  pass  through  the  sea  as  fast  as 
a  ship  with  the  most  prosperous  wind  ?  and  that  going  to 
bed  a  man  is  in  Lombardy,  and  the  next  morning  finds 
himself  in  Prester  John's  country,  among  the  Indians,  or 
in  some  other  region  which  never  was  discovered  by 
Ptolemy,  nor  seen  by  Marco  Polo  ?  And  if  I  should 
be  answered,  that  the  inventors  of  such  books  do  write 
them  as  fables,  and  therefore  are  not  bound  unto  any 
respect  of  circumstances  or  observation  of  truth,  I  would 
reply,  that  an  untruth  is  so  much  the  more  pleasing  by 
how  much  the  nearer  it  resembles  a  truth,  and  so  much 
the  more  grateful  by  how  much  the  more  it  is  doubtful 
and  possible  ;  for  lying  fables  must  be  suited  unto  the 
reader's  understanding,  and  so  written  as  that,  facilitating 
impossible  things,  levelling  untrue  things,  and  holding  the 
mind  in  suspense,  they  may  ravish  a  more  delight,  and 
entertain  such  manners,  as  pleasure  and  wonder  may  step 
by  step  walk  together  :  all  which  things  he  that  writes  not 
likelihoods  shall  never  be  able  to  perform.  And  as  touch- 
ing imitation  (wherein  consists  the  perfection  of  that 
which  is  written),  I  have  not  seen  in  any  books  of 
knighthood  an  entire  bulk  of  a  fable  so  proportioned  in 
all  the  members  thereof,  as  that  the  middle  may  answer 
the  beginning,  and  the  end  the  beginning  and  middle  ;  but 
rather  they  have  composed  them  of  so  many  members,  as 
it  more  probably  seems  that  the  authors  intended  to  frame 
chimeras  or  monsters  than  to  deliver  proportionate  figures, 
most  harsh  in  their  style,  incredible  in  exploits,  impudent 
in  love  matters,  absurd  in  compliments,  prolix  in  battles, 
fond  in  discourses,  uncertain  and  senseless  in  voyages  ; 
and  finally,  devoid  of  all  discretion,  art,  and  ingenious 
disposition  :  and  therefore  they  deserve,  as  most  idle  and 
frivolous  things,  to  be  banished  out  of  all  Christian 
commonwealths. ' 

Master  curate  did  listen  to  the  canon  with  very  great 
attention  ;  and  he  seemed  unto  him  to  be  a  man  of  good 
understanding,  and  that  he  had  great  reason  for  what  he 
had  alleged  ;    and  therefore  said  that,  in  respect  they  did 


Chap.  XX       THE   CANON   ON   ROMANCES  139 

concur  in  opinions,  and  that  he  had  an  old  grudge  to  the 
vanity  of  such  books,  he  had  likewise  fired  all  Don 
Quixote's  library,  consisting  of  many  books  of  that  sub- 
ject. And  then  he  recounted  to  him  the  search  and 
inquisition  he  had  made  of  them  ;  and  which  he  had 
condemned,  and  which  reserved :  whereat  the  canon 
laughed  heartily,  and  said  that,  '  notwithstanding  all  the 
evil  he  had  spoken  of  such  books,  yet  did  he  find  one 
good  in  them,  to  wit,  the  subject  they  offered  a  good  wit 
to  work  upon  and  show  itself  in  them  ;  for  they  displayed 
a  large  and  open  plain,  through  which  the  pen  might  run 
without  let  or  encumbrances,  describing  of  shipwrecks, 
tempests,  encounters,  and  battles  ;  delineating  a  valorous 
captain  with  all  the  properties  required  in  him — as  wisdom 
to  frustrate  the  designs  of  his  enemy,  eloquence  to  per- 
suade or  dissuade  his  soldiers,  ripeness  in  advice,  promptness 
in  execution,  as  much  valour  in  attending  as  in  assaulting 
of  an  enemy  ;  deciphering  now  a  lamentable  and  tragical 
success,  then  a  joyful  and  unexpected  event  ;  there  a 
most  beautiful,  honest,  and  discreet  lady,  here  a  valiant, 
courteous,  and  Christian  knight;  there  an  unmeasureable, 
barbarous  braggart,  here  a  gentle,  valorous,  and  wise 
prince;  representing  the  goodness  and  loyalty  of  subjects, 
the  magnificence  and  bounty  of  lords.  Sometimes  he 
may  show  himself  an  astrologer,  sometimes  a  cosmo- 
grapher,  sometimes  a  musician,  sometimes  a  statist,  and 
sometimes,  if  he  please,  he  may  have  occasion  to  show 
himself  a  necromancer.  There  may  he  demonstrate  the 
subtlety  of  Ulysses,  the  piety  of  Aeneas,  the  valour  of 
Achilles,  the  misfortunes  of  Hector,  the  treachery  of  Sinon, 
the  amity  of  Euryalus,  the  liberality  of  Alexander,  the 
resolution  of  Caesar,  the  clemency  and  truth  of  Trajan, 
the  fidelity  of  Zopyrus,  the  prudence  of  Cato,  and  finally, 
all  those  parts  that  make  a  worthy  man  perfect;  one 
whiles  by  placing  them  all  in  one  subject,  another  by  dis- 
tributing them  among  many ;  and  this  being  done,  and  set 
out  in  a  pleasing  style  and  a  witty  fashion,  that  approacheth 
as  near  as  is  possible  unto  the  truth,  will  questionless 
remain  a  work  of  many  fair  drafts,  which  being  accom- 


140  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

plished  will  represent  such  beauty  and  perfection  as  shall 
fully  attain  to  the  best  end  aimed  at  in  all  writing ;  that  is, 
as  I  have  said,  jointly  to  instruct  and  delight :  for  the 
irregularity  and  liberality  of  those  books  give[s]  to  the 
author  the  means  to  show  himself  an  epic,  lyric,  tragedian, 
and  comedian,  with  all  other  things  which  the  most  grace- 
ful and  pleasant  sciences  of  poetry  and  oratory  include  in 
themselves;  for  epics  may  be  as  well  written  in  prose  as 
in  verse.' 


CHAPTER  XXI 

Wherein   the   Canon  prosecutes  his  Discourse  upon  Books  of 
Chivalry^  and  many  other  things  worthy  of  his  Wit 

'  Sir,  you  say  very  true,'  quoth  the  curate  ;  '  and  for  this 
very  reason  are  they  which  have  hitherto  invented  such 
books  the  more  worthy  of  reprehension,  because  they 
neither  heeded  the  good  discourse,  the  art,  nor  the  rules 
by  which  they  might  have  guided  themselves,  and  by  that 
means  have  grown  as  famous  for  their  prose  as  be  the  two 
princes  of  the  Greek  and  Latin  poetry  for  their  verse.' 
*  I  have,  for  my  part,'  quoth  the  canon, '  at  least  attempted 
to  write  a  book  of  chivalry,  observing  therein  all  the  points 
by  me  mentioned ;  and  in  truth  I  have  written  above  a 
hundred  sheets  thereof;  and  to  the  end  that  I  might  try 
whether  they  were  correspondent  to  my  estimation,  I 
did  communicate  them  both  with  certain  skilful  and  wise 
men,  that  are  marvellously  affected  to  that  subject,  and 
with  some  ignorant  persons  that  only  delight  to  hear 
fanatical  inventions,  and  I  have  found  in  them  all  a  great 
approbation  of  my  labours ;  yet  would  I  not  for  all  that 
prosecute  the  work,  as  well  because  it  seemed  unfit  for 
my  profession,  as  also  because  I  find  the  number  of  the 
ignorant  to  exceed  that  of  the  judicious;  and  though  more 
good  come  to  a  man  by  the  praise  of  a  few  wise  men,  than 
hurt  by  the  scoffs  of  a  number  of  fools,  yet  would  I  not 


Chap.  XXI     ROMANCES   AND   TRAGEDIES  141 

willingly  subject  myself  to  the  confused  judgment  of  the 
senseless  vulgar,  who  commonly  give  themselves  most 
unto  the  reading  of  such  books.  But  that  which  most 
of  all  rid  my  hands,  yea,  and  my  memory,  of  all  desire  to 
end  it,  was  this  argument,  drawn  from  our  modern 
comedies,  and  thus  made  to  myself :  If  those  (as  well  the 
fictions  as  historical  ones)  are  all,  or  the  most  part  of  them, 
notorious  fopperies,  and  things  without  either  head  or 
foot,  and  yet  are  by  the  vulgar  heard  with  such  delight, 
and  held  and  approved  for  good;  and  both  the  authors 
that  compose  them,  and  actors  that  represent  them,  say 
that  they  must  be  such  as  they  be  for  to  please  the 
people's  humours,  and  not  more  comformable  to  reason 
or  truth ;  and  that  because  those  wherein  decorum  is 
observed,  and  the  fable  followed  according  to  the  rules 
of  art,  serve  only  for  three  or  four  discreet  men  (if  so 
many  may  be  found  at  a  play)  which  do  attend  unto 
them,  and  all  the  rest  of  the  auditors  remain  fasting, 
by  reason  they  cannot  conceive  the  artificial  contexture 
thereof;  therefore  it  is  better  for  them  to  gain  good 
money  and  means  by  many  than  bare  opinion  or 
applause  by  a  few.  The  very  same  would  be  the  end 
of  my  book,  after  I  had  used  all  possible  industry  to 
observe  the  aforesaid  precept  ;  and  I  should  remain  only 
for  a  need,  and  as  the  tailor  that  dwells  in  a  corner,  with- 
out trade  or  estimation. 

'And  although  I  have  sundry  times  endeavoured  to 
persuade  the  players  that  their  opinion  was  erroneous 
herein,  and  that  they  would  attract  more  people  and 
acquire  greater  fame  by  acting  artificial  comedies  than 
those  irregular  and  methodical  plays  then  used,  yet  are 
they  so  wedded  to  their  opinion,  as  no  reason  can  woo  nor 
demonstration  win  them  from  it.  I  remember  how,  deal- 
ing upon  a  day  with  one  of  those  obstinate  fellows,  I  said 
unto  him,  "Do  not  you  remember  how  a  few  years  ago 
were  represented  in  Spain  three  tragedies,  written  by  a 
famous  poet  of  our  kingdom,  which  were  such  as  delighted, 
yea,  and  amazed  all  the  auditors,  as  well  the  learned  as  the 
simple,  the  exact  as  the  slight  ones,  and  that  the  players 


142  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

got  more  by  those  three  alone  than  by  thirty  of  the  best 
that  were  penned  or  acted  since  that  time  ?"  "  You  mean, 
without  question/'  quoth  the  actor,  answering  me,  '-''Isabella^ 
Phyllis^  and  Alexandra}''  "The  very  same,"  quoth  I; 
"  and  note  whether  in  them  were  not  rightly  observed  all 
the  rules  and  precepts  of  art ;  and  yet  thereby  they  neither 
wanted  any  part  of  their  dignity  nor  the  approbation  of  all 
the  world;  so  that  I  infer  the  fault  not  to  be  in  the  vulgar 
that  covet  idle  toys,  but  rather  in  those  which  know  not 
how  to  pen  or  act  any  other  thing ;  for  no  such  fond  stuff 
was  in  the  comedy  of  Ingratitude  Revenged^  nor  found  in 
Numantia^  nor  perceived  in  that  of  'T'he  Amorous  Merchant^ 
and  much  less  in  'The  Favourable  Enemy^  nor  in  some 
others  made  by  judicious  poets,  which  both  redounded  to 
their  infinite  fame  and  renown,  and  yielded  unto  these  actors 
abundant  gain."  To  these  I  added  other  reasons,  where- 
with I  left  him,  in  mine  opinion,  somewhat  perplexed,  but 
not  satisfied,  or  desirous  to  forego  his  erroneous  opinion.' 
'  Truly,  master  canon,'  quoth  the  curate,  *  you  have 
touched  a  matter  that  hath  roused  an  ancient  rancour 
and  heart-burning  of  mine  against  the  comedies  now 
in  request,  the  which  is  equal  to  the  grudge  that  I  bear 
to  books  of  knighthood ;  for,  seeing  the  comedy,  as 
Tully  affirms,  ought  to  be  a  mirror  of  man's  life,  a 
pattern  of  manners,  and  an  image  of  truth,  those  that 
are  now  exhibited  are  mirrors  of  vanity,  patterns  of 
folly,  and  images  of  voluptuousness.  For  what  greater 
absurdity  can  be  in  such  a  subject,  than  to  see  a  child 
come  out  in  the  first  scene  of  the  first  act  in  his  swaddling 
clouts,  and  issue  in  the  second  already  grown  a  man,  yea, 
a  bearded  man }  And  what  greater  vanity  than  to  present 
before  us  a  valiant  old  man  and  a  young  coward  }  a  layman 
become  a  divine }  a  page  a  councillor }  a  king  a  scoundrel } 
and  a  princess  a  scour-kettle }  What  should  I  say  of  the 
little  care  had  of  the  due  observation  of  time  for  the  succeed- 
ing of  that  they  represent,  other  than  that  I  myself  have  seen 
comedies  whose  first  act  began  in  Europe,  the  second  in 
Asia,  and  the  third  ended  in  Africa  ;  and  truly,  if  there 
had  been  a  fourth,  it  would  questionless  have  finished  in 


Chap.  XXI  COMEDIES  143 

America,  and  by  consequence,  we  should  have  seen  a 
round  walk  about  the  four  parts  of  the  world.  And 
feigning  an  exploit  performed  in  the  time  of  King  Pepin 
or  of  Charlemagne,  they  make  the  principal  actors  thereof 
either  Heraclius  the  emperor  that  entered  into  Jerusalem 
bearing  of  the  holy  cross,  or  Godfrey  of  Bouillon  that 
recovered  the  Holy  Land  ;  many  years,  yea,  and  ages 
having  occurred  between  the  times  of  the  one  and  the  other  : 
yea,  and  the  comedy  being  grounded  on  a  fiction,  to 
attribute  unto  it  the  verities  of  a  history,  and  mingle  it 
and  patch  it  up  with  pieces  of  others  having  relation  to 
different  persons  and  times ;  and  this  with  no  plausible 
invention,  or  draft  resembling  the  truth,  but  rather  with 
palpable,  gross,  and  inexcusable  errors.  And  which  is 
worse,  some  gulls  are  found  to  affirm  that  all  perfection 
consists  herein,  and  that  they  are  too  dainty  that  look  for 
any  other. 

'  Now,  if  we  would  pass  further,  to  examine  the  divine 
comedies  that  treat  of  God,  or  the  lives  of  saints,  what  a 
multitude  of  false  miracles  do  the  composers  devise !  what 
a  bulk  of  matters  apocryphal  and  ill-understood,  attribut- 
ing to  one  saint  the  miracles  done  by  another ;  yea,  and 
in  human  comedies  they  presume  to  do  miracles  (with- 
out further  respect  or  consideration  but  that  such  a 
miracle  or  show,  as  they  term  it,  would  do  well  in  such  a 
place),  to  the  end  that  the  ignorant  folk  may  admire  them, 
and  come  the  more  willingly  to  them :  all  which  doth 
prejudice  truth,  discredit  histories,  and  turn  to  the  disgrace 
of  our  Spanish  wits ;  for  strangers  which  do  with  much 
punctuality  observe  the  method  of  comedies,  hold  us  to  be 
rude  and  ignorant,  when  they  see  such  follies  and  absurdities 
escape  us ;  and  it  will  be  no  sufficient  excuse  for  this  error 
to  say  that  the  principal  end  of  well-governed  common- 
wealths, in  the  permitting  of  comedies,  is  only  to  entertain 
the  commonalty  with  some  honest  pastime,  and  thereby 
divert  the  exorbitant  and  vicious  humours  which  idleness 
is  wont  to  engender ;  and  seeing  that  this  end  is  attained 
to  by  whatsoever  comedies,  good  or  bad,  it  were  to  no 
purpose  to  appoint  any  laws  or  limits  unto  them,  or  to  tie 


144  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

the  composers  to  frame,  or  actors  to  play  them,  as  they 
should  do :  for  hereunto  I  answer,  that  this  end  would, 
without  all  comparison,  be  compassed  better  by  good 
comedies  than  by  evil  ones ;  for  the  auditor  having  heard 
an  artificial  and  well-ordered  comedy,  would  come  away 
delighted  with  the  jests  and  instructed  by  the  truths 
thereof,  wondering  at  the  successes,  grow  discreeter  by 
the  reasons,  warned  by  the  deceits,  become  wise  by  others* 
example,  incensed  against  vice,  and  enamoured  of  virtue  : 
all  which  affects  a  good  comedy  should  stir  up  in  the 
hearer^s  mind,  were  he  never  so  gross  or  clownish.  And 
it  is  of  all  impossibilities  the  most  impossible,  that  a 
comedy  consisting  of  all  these  parts  should  not  entertain, 
delight,  satisfy,  and  content  the  mind  much  more  than 
another  that  should  be  defective  in  any  of  them,  as  most 
of  our  nowaday  comedies  be.  Nor  are  the  poets  that 
pen  them  chiefly  to  be  blamed  for  this  abuse ;  for  some  of 
them  know  very  well  where  the  error  lurks,  and  know  also 
as  well  how  to  redress  it ;  but  because  that  comedies  are 
become  a  vendible  merchandise,  they  affirm,  and  therein 
tell  the  plain  truth,  that  the  players  would  not  buy  them  if 
they  were  of  any  other  than  the  accustomed  kind ;  and 
therefore  the  poet  endeavours  to  accommodate  himself 
to  the  humour  of  the  player  who  is  to  pay  him  for  his 
labour.  And  that  this  is  the  truth  may  be  gathered  by  an 
infinite  number  of  comedies,  which  a  most  happy  wit  of 
this  kingdom  hath  composed  with  such  delicacy,  so  many 
good  jests,  so  elegant  a  verse,  so  excellent  reasons,  so 
grave  sentences,  and  finally,  with  so  much  eloquence  and 
such  a  loftiness  of  style,  as  he  hath  filled  the  world  with 
his  fame  ;  and  yet  by  reason  that  he  was  forced  to  accom- 
modate himself  to  the  actors,  all  of  them  have  not 
arrived  to  the  height  of  perfection  which  art  requires. 
Others  there  are  that  write  without  any  judgment,  and 
with  so  little  heed  of  what  they  do,  as  after  their  works 
have  been  once  acted,  the  players  are  constrained  to  run 
away  and  hide  themselves,  fearing  to  be  punished,  as  often 
they  have  been  for  acting  things  obnoxious  to  the  prince, 
or  scandalous  to  some  families. 


Chap.  XXI  COMEDIES  145 

'All  which  inconveniences  might  be  redressed  if  there 
were  some  understanding  and  discreet  person  ordained  at 
the  court  to  examine  all  comedies  before  they  were  acted, 
and  that  not  only  such  as  were  played  at  the  court  itself, 
but  also  all  others  that  were  to  be  acted  throughout  Spain, 
without  whose  allowance,  under  his  hand  and  seal,  the  magis- 
trate of  no  town  should  permit  any  comedy  to  be  played  ; 
by  which  means  the  players  would  diligently  send  their 
plays  to  the  court,  and  might  boldly  afterwards  act  them, 
and  the  composers  would,  with  more  care  and  study, 
examine  their  labours,  knowing  that  they  should  pass  the 
strict  censure  of  him  that  could  understand  them ;  and  by 
this  means  would  good  comedies  be  written,  and  the  thing 
intended  by  them  most  easily  attained  to,  viz.  entertain- 
ment of  the  people,  the  good  opinion  of  Spanish  wits,  the 
profit  and  security  of  the  players,  and  the  saving  of  the 
care  that  is  now  employed  in  chastising  their  rashness. 
And  if  the  same  charge  were  given  to  this  man,  or  to  some 
other,  to  examine  the  books  of  knighthood  which  should 
be  made  hereafter,  some  of  them  doubtless  would  be 
put  forth  adorned  with  that  perfection  whereof  you 
spoke  but  now,  enriching  our  language  with  the  pleasing 
and  precious  treasure  of  eloquence,  and  being  an  occasion 
that  the  old  books  would  become  obscure  in  the  bright 
presence  of  those  new  ones  published,  for  the  honest 
recreation  not  only  of  the  idler  sort,  but  also  of  those  that 
have  more  serious  occupations ;  for  it  is  not  possible  for 
the  bow  to  continue  still  bent,  nor  can  our  human  and 
frail  nature  sustain  itself  long  without  some  help  of  lawful 
recreation.' 

The  canon  and  curate  had  arrived  to  this  point  of  their 
discourse,  when  the  barber,  spurring  on  and  overtaking 
them,  said  to  the  curate,  'This  is  the  place  I  lately  told 
you  was  fit  to  pass  over  the  heat  of  the  day  in,  while  the 
oxen  baited  amidst  the  fresh  and  abundant  pastures.'  'It 
likes  me  very  well,'  quoth  the  curate  ;  and  telling  the 
canon  what  he  meant  to  do,  he  also  was  pleased  to  remain 
with  them,  as  well  invited  by  the  prospect  of  a  beautiful 
valley  which  offered  itself  to  their  view,  as  also  to  enjoy 

11.  K 


146  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

the  curate's  conversation,  towards  whom  he  began  to  bear 
a  marvellous  affection  ;  and  lastly,  with  the  desires  he 
had  to  be  thoroughly  acquainted  with  Don  Quixote's 
adventures.  Therefore  he  gave  oi:der  to  some  of  his  men 
that  they  should  ride  to  the  inn,  which  was  hard  by,  and 
bring  from  thence  what  meat  they  could  find,  sufficient 
to  satisfy  them  all,  because  he  meant  likewise  to  pass 
the  hot  time  of  the  day  in  that  place.  To  which  one  of 
his  men  did  answer,  that  their  sumpter  mule  was  by 
that  time,  as  he  thought,  in  the  inn,  so  copiously  fur- 
nished with  provision  of  meat,  that,  as  he  supposed,  they 
needed  not  buy  anything  there  but  barley  for  their  mules. 
'  If  it  be  so,'  quoth  the  canon,  '  let  our  mules  be  carried 
thither,  and  the  sumpter  one  returned  hither.' 

Whilst  this  passed,  Sancho,  being  free  from  the  con- 
tinual presence  of  the  curate  and  barber,  whom  he  held  as 
suspected  persons,  thought  it  a  fit  time  to  speak  with  his 
lord,  and  therefore  drew  near  to  the  cage  wherein  he  sat, 
and  said  to  him  in  this  manner :  '  Sir,  that  I  may  discharge 
my  conscience,  I  will  reveal  unto  you  all  that  hath  passed 
in  this  affair  of  your  enchantment,  which  briefly  is,  that 
those  two  which  ride  with  their  faces  covered,  are  the 
curate  of  our  village  and  the  barber,  and  as  I  imagine  they 
both  are  the  plotters  of  this  your  kind  of  carrying  away, 
for  mere  emulation  that  they  see  you  surpass  them  both 
in  achieving  of  famous  acts :  this  truth  being  presupposed, 
it  follows  that  you  are  not  enchanted,  but  beguiled  and 
made  a  fool ;  for  the  proof  whereof  I  will  but  demand  of 
you  one  question,  and  if  you  do  answer  me  according  to 
my  expectation,  as  I  believe  you  will,  you  shall  feel  the 
deceit  with  your  own  hands,  and  perceive  how  you  are  not 
enchanted,  but  rather  have  your  wits  turned  upside-down.' 

*  Son  Sancho,  demand  what  thou  wilt,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  and  I  will  satisfy  thee,  and  answer  directly  to 
thy  desire ;  but  as  touching  thy  averment  that  those  which 
go  along  with  us  be  the  curate  and  barber,  our  gossips  and 
old  acquaintance,  it  may  well  befall  that  they  seem  to  be 
such,  but  that  they  are  so  really,  and  in  effect,  I  would 
not  have  thee  believe  in  any  manner ;  for  that  which  thou 


Chap.  XXI    SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  147 

art  to  believe  and  shouldst  understand  in  this  matter  is, 
that  if  they  be  like  those  our  friends,  as  thou  sayst,  it 
must  needs  be  that  those  which  have  enchanted  me  have 
assumed  their  semblance  and  likeness  (for  it  is  an  easy 
thing  for  magicians  to  put  on  any  shape  they  please) 
thereby  to  give  thee  occasion  to  think  that  which  thou 
dost,  to  drive  thee  into  such  a  labyrinth  of  imaginations  as 
thou  shalt  not  afterwards  know  how  to  sally  out,  although 
thou  hadst  the  assistance  of  Theseus'  clue ;  and  withal  to 
make  me  waver  in  mine  understanding,  to  the  end  I  may 
not  conjecture  from  whence  this  charm  is  derived  unto 
me ;  for  if  thou  on  the  one  side  dost  affirm  that  the  barber 
and  curate  of  our  village  do  accompany  me,  and  I  on  the 
other  side  find  myself  encaged,  and  am  so  assured  of  mine 
own  force  that  no  human  strength,  be  it  not  supernatural, 
is  able  thus  to  encage  me,  what  wouldst  thou  have  me  to 
say  or  think,  but  that  the  manner  of  mine  enchantment 
exceeds  as  many  as  ever  I  read  throughout  all  the  histories 
entreating  of  knights-errant  which  have  been  enchanted  ? 
Wherefore  thou  mayst  very  well  appease  and  quiet  thyself 
in  that  point  of  believing  them  to  be  those  thou  sayst ;  for 
they  are  those  as  much  as  I  am  a  Turk :  and,  as  touching 
thy  desire  to  demand  somewhat  of  me,  speak ;  for  I  will 
answer  thee,  although  thou  puttest  me  questions  until 
to-morrow  morning.' 

'  Our  Lady  assist  me  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  as  loud  as  he 
could,  '  and  is  it  possible  that  you  are  so  brain-sick  and 
hard-headed  as  you  cannot  perceive  that  I  affirm  the  very 
pure  truth,  and  that  malice  hath  a  greater  stroke  in  this 
your  disgrace  and  employment  than  any  enchantments  ? 
But  seeing  it  is  so,  I  will  prove  evidently  that  you  are  not 
enchanted ;  if  not,  tell  me,  as  God  shall  deliver  you  out 
of  this  tempest,  and  as  you  shall  see  yourself,  when  you 
least  think  of  it,  in  my  Lady  Dulcinea's  arms — '  *  Make 
an  end  of  conjuring  me,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  ask  me 
what  question  thou  wilt ;  for  I  have  already  told  thee  that 
I  will  answer  with  all  punctuality.'  '  That  is  it  I  demand,' 
quoth  Sancho ;  '  and  the  thing  I  would  know  is,  that  you 
tell  me,  without  adding  or  diminishing  aught,  but  with  all 


148  DON  QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

truth  used  or  looked  for  of  all  those  which  profess  the 
exercise  of  arms  as  you  do,  under  the  title  of  knights- 
errant/  *  I  say,'  answered  Don  Quixote,  '  that  I  will  not 
lie  a  jot ;  make  therefore  a  beginning  or  an  end  of  these 
demands,  for  in  good  sooth  thou  dost  weary  me  with  so 
many  salutations,  petitions,  and  preventions.'  Sancho 
replied,  '  I  say  that  I  am  secure  of  the  bounty  and  truth 
of  my  lord ;  and  therefore,  because  it  makes  to  the  purpose 
in  our  affair,  I  do,  with  all  respect,  demand  whether  your 
worship,  since  your  encagement  and,  as  you  imagine, 
enchantment  in  that  coop,  have  not  had  a  desire  to  make 
greater  or  less  water,  as  men  are  wont  to  say  ? '  '  I  do 
not  understand,  good  Sancho,  that  phrase  of  making 
water ;  and  therefore  explicate  thyself,  if  thou  wouldst 
have  me  to  answer  thee  directly.'  *  And  is  it  possible,' 
replied  he,  '  that  your  worship  understands  not  what  it  is 
to  make  great  or  little  waters  }  then  go  to  some  school, 
and  learn  it  of  the  boys,  and  know  that  I  would  say, 
'*  Have  you  had  a  desire  to  do  that  which  cannot  be 
undone  .^^ "  '  *  Oh,  now,  now  I  understand  thee,  Sancho. 
Yes,  very  many  times ;  yea,  and  even  now  I  have. 
Wherefore,  I  pray  thee,  deliver  me  from  the  extremity 
thereof;  for  I  promise  thee  I  am  not  altogether  so  clean 
as  I  would  be.' 


CHAPTER  XXII 

U^herein  the  Discreet  Discourse  that  passed  between  Sancho 
Panza  and  his  Lord  Don  Quixote  is  expressed. 

*  Ha,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  have  I  caught  you  at  last }  This 
is  that  which  I  desired  to  know,  as  much  as  my  soul  or 
life.  Come  now,  sir,  and  tell  me,  can  you  deny  that 
which  is  wont  to  be  said,  when  a  body  is  ill-disposed,  '*  I 
know  not  what  ails  such  a  one ;  for  he  neither  eats  nbr 
drinks  nor  sleeps,  nor  answers  directly  to  that  which  is 
demanded  him,  so  as  it  seems  that  he  is  enchanted"  1    By 


Chap.  XXII     SANCHO   AND   DON   QUIXOTE  149 

which  may  be  collected,  that  such  as  neither  eat,  drink, 
sleep,  nor  do  the  other  natural  things  you  wot  of,  are 
enchanted ;  but  not  those  which  have  a  desire  as  you  have, 
and  eat  meat  when  they  get  it,  and  drink  drink  when  it  is 
given  them,  and  answer  to  all  that  is  propounded  unto 
them.'  *  Thou  sayst  true,  Sancho/  quoth  Don  Quixote  ; 
'  but  I  have  told  thee  already  that  there  are  divers  sorts  of 
enchantments,  and  perhaps  they  change  with  the  times 
from  one  kind  into  another,  and  that  now  the  enchanted 
use  to  do  all  that  which  I  do,  although  they  did  not  so  in 
times  past ;  and  therefore  there  is  no  disputing  or  drawing 
of  conclusions  against  the  customs  of  the  time.  I  know, 
and  do  verily  persuade  myself,  that  I  am  enchanted,  and 
that  is  sufficient  for  the  discharge  of  my  conscience,  which 
would  be  greatly  burdened  if  I  thought  that  I  were  not 
enchanted,  and  yet  permitted  myself  to  be  borne  away  in 
this  cage  idly,  and  like  a  coward  withholding  the  succour  I 
might  give  to  many  distressed  and  needy  persons,  which 
even  at  this  hour  be  like  enough  to  have  extreme  want  of 
mine  aid  and  assistance.'  'Yet  say  I,  notwithstanding,' 
replied  Sancho,  'that  for  more  abundant  satisfaction,  your 
worship  might  do  well  to  attempt  the  getting  out  of  this 
prison,  the  which  I  do  oblige  myself  with  all  my  power  to 
facilitate,  yea,  and  to  get  out,  and  then  you  may  recount 
eftsoons  on  the  good  Rozinante,  who  also  seems  enchanted, 
so  sad  and  melancholy  he  goes.  And  this  being  done,  we 
may  again  essay  the  fortune  of  seeking  adventures,  which, 
if  it  have  no  good  success,  we  have  time  enough  to  return 
to  our  cage  ;  wherein  I  promise,  by  the  faith  of  a  good  and 
loyal  squire,  to  shut  up  myself  together  with  you,  if  you 
shall  prove  so  unfortunate,  or  I  so  foolish,  as  not  to  bring 
our  designs  to  a  good  issue.'  '  I  am  content  to  do  what 
thou  sayst,  brother  Sancho,'  replied  Don  Quixote ;  '  and 
when  thou  seest  opportunity  offered  to  free  me,  I  will  be 
ruled  by  thee  in  everything  ;  but  yet  thou  shalt  see  how 
far  thou  art  over-wrought  in  the  knowledge  thou  wilt  seem 
to  have  of  my  disgrace.' 

The  knight-errant  and  the  ill-errant  squire  beguiled  the 
time  in  these  discourses,  until  they  arrived  to  the  place 


150  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

where  the  canon,  curate,  and  barber  expected  them.  And 
then,  Sancho  alighting,  and  helping  to  take  down  the  cage, 
the  wainman  unyoked  his  oxen,  permitting  them  to  take 
the  benefit  of  pasture  in  that  green  and  pleasant  valley, 
whose  verdure  invited  not  such  to  enjoy  it  as  were  en- 
chanted like  Don  Quixote,  but  rather  such  heedful  and 
discreet  persons  as  was  his  man,  who  entreated  the  curate 
to  license  his  lord  to  come  out  but  a  little  while,  for 
otherwise  the  prison  would  not  be  so  cleanly  as  the 
presence  of  so  worthy  a  knight  as  his  lord  was  required. 
The  curate  understood  his  meaning,  and  answered  that  he 
would  satisfy  his  requests  very  willingly,  but  that  he  feared 
when  he  saw  himself  at  liberty,  he  would  play  them  some 
prank  or  other,  and  go  whither  nobody  should  ever  set  eye 
on  him  after.  'I  will  be  his  surety  that  he  shall  not  fly 
away,'  quoth  Sancho.  'And  I  also,'  quoth  the  canon,  'if 
he  will  but  promise  me,  as  he  is  a  knight,  that  he  will 
not  depart  from  us  without  our  consent.'  '  I  give  my 
word  that  I  will  not,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  who  heard  all 
that  they  had  said,  'and  the  rather  because  that  enchanted 
bodies  have  not  free  will  to  dispose  of  themselves  as 
they  list ;  for  he  that  enchanted  them  may  make  them 
unable  to  stir  from  one  place  in  three  days ;  and  if  they 
make  an  escape,  he  can  compel  them  to  return  flying ;  and 
therefore,  since  it  was  so,  they  might  securely  set  him  at 
liberty,  especially  seeing  it  would  redound  so  much  to  all 
their  benefits ;  for  if  they  did  not  free  him,  or  get  farther 
ofl^,  he  protested  that  he  could  not  forbear  to  ofi^end  their 
noses.'  The  canon  took  his  hand  (although  it  were  bound), 
and  [Don  Quixote  promised  by]  his  faith  and  word  that  he 
would  not  depart,  and  then  they  gave  him  liberty;  whereat 
he  infinitelyrejoiced,  especially  seeing  himself  out  of  the  cage. 
The  first  thing  that  he  did  after  was  to  stretch  all  his  body, 
and  then  he  went  towards  Rozinante,  and,  striking  him  twice 
or  thrice  on  the  buttocks,  he  said,  '  I  hope  yet  in  God  and 
His  blessed  mother,  O  flower  and  mirror  of  horses !  that 
we  two  shall  see  ourselves  very  soon  in  that  state  which 
our  hearts  desire;  thou  with  thy  lord  on  thy  back, 
and  I  mounted  on  thee,  and  exercising  the  function  for 


Chap.  XXII    THE   CANON   ON   ROMANCES  151 

which  God  sent  me  into  this  world.*  And,  saying  so,  Don 
Quixote  with  his  squire  Sancho  retired  himself  somewhat 
from  the  company,  and  came  back  soon  after  a  little 
more  lightened,  but  greatly  desiring  to  execute  his  squire's 
designs. 

The  canon  beheld  him  very  earnestly,  and  with  admira- 
tion, wondering  to  see  the  strangeness  of  his  fond  humour, 
and  how  that  he  showed,  in  whatsoever  he  uttered,  a  very 
good  understanding,  and  only  left  the  stirrups  (as  is  said 
before)  when  any  mention  was  made  of  chivalry ;  and 
therefore,  moved  to  compassion,  after  they  were  all  laid 
down  along  upon  the  grass,  expecting  their  dinner,  he  said 
unto  him,  '  Gentleman,  is  it  possible  that  the  idle  and  un- 
savoury lecture  of  books  of  knighthood  hath  so  much 
distracted  your  wit  as  thus  to  believe  that  you  are  carried 
away  enchanted,  with  other  things  of  that  kind,  as  much 
wide  from  truth  as  untruths  can  be  from  verity  itself.^ 
Or  how  is  it  possible  that  any  human  understanding  can 
frame  itself  to  believe  that  in  this  world  there  have  been 
such  an  infinity  of  Amadises,  such  a  crew  of  famous 
knights,  so  many  emperors  of  Trapisonda,  such  a  number 
of  Felixmartes  of  Hircania;  so  many  palfreys,  damsels- 
errant,  serpents,  robbers,  giants,  battles,  unheard-of 
adventures,  sundry  kinds  of  enchantments,  such  im- 
measureable  encounters,  such  bravery  of  apparel,  such  a 
multitude  of  enamoured  and  valiant  princesses,  so  many 
squires,  earls,  witty  dwarfs,  viragoes,  love-letters,  amorous 
dalliances ;  and  finally,  so  many,  so  unreasonable,  and 
impossible  adventures  as  are  contained  in  the  books  of 
knighthood  ? 

*  Thus  much  I  dare  avouch  of  myself,  that  when  I  read 
them,  as  long  as  I  do  not  think  that  they  are  all  but  toys 
and  untruths,  they  delight  me ;  but  when  I  ponder 
seriously  what  they  are,  I  throw  the  very  best  of  them 
against  the  walls,  yea,  and  would  throw  them  into  the  fire 
if  they  were  near  me,  or  in  my  hands,  having  well  deserved 
that  severity,  as  false  impostors  and  seducers  of  common 
sense,  as  broachers  of  new  sects  and  of  uncouth  courses  of 
life,  as  those  that  give  occasion  to  the  ignorant  vulgar  to 


152  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

believe  in  such  exorbitant  untruths  as  are  contained  in 
them ;  yea,  and  are  withal  so  presumptuous,  as  to  dare 
to  confound  the  wits  of  the  most  discreet  and  best 
descended  gentlemen ;  as  we  may  clearly  perceive  by 
that  they  have  done  to  yourself,  whom  they  have  brought 
to  such  terms  as  it  is  necessary  to  shut  you  up  in  a 
cage  and  carry  you  on  a  team  of  oxen,  even  as  one 
carries  a  lion  or  tiger  from  place  to  place,  to  gain  a 
living  by  the  showing  of  him.  Therefore,  good  Sir  Don 
Quixote,  take  compassion  of  yourself,  and  return  into  the 
bosom  of  discretion,  and  learn  to  employ  the  most  happy 
talent  of  understanding  and  abundance  of  wit,  wherewith 
bountiful  Heaven  hath  enriched  you,  to  some  other  course 
of  study,  which  may  redound  to  the  profit  of  your  soul ; 
and  advancement  of  your  credit  and  estate.  And  if,  borne 
away  by  your  natural  disposition,  you  will  yet  persist  in 
the  reading  of  warlike  and  knightly  discourses,  read  in  the 
Holy  Scripture  the  Acts  of  Judges,  for  there  you  shall 
find  surpassing  feats  and  deeds,  as  true  as  valorous. 
Portugal  had  a  Viriathus ;  Rome  a  Caesar ;  Carthage  a 
Hannibal ;  Greece  an  Alexander ;  Castile  an  Earl  Fernan 
Gonzalez ;  Valencia  a  Cid ;  Andalusia  a  Gonzalo  Her- 
nandez ;  Estremadura  a  Diego  Garcia  de  Paredes  ;  Xerez 
a  Garcia  Perez  de  Vargas;  Toledo  a  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega; 
Seville  a  Don  Manuel  de  Leon :  the  discourses  of  whose 
valorous  acts  may  entertain,  teach,  delight,  and  make  to 
wonder  the  most  sublime  wit  that  shall  read  them.  Yea, 
this  were  indeed  a  study  fit  for  your  sharp  understanding, 
my  dear  Sir  Don  Quixote,  for  by  this  you  should  become 
learned  in  histories,  enamoured  of  virtue,  instructed  in 
goodness,  bettered  in  manners,  valiant  without  rashness, 
bold  without  cowardice ;  and  all  this  to  God's  honour,  your 
own  profit,  and  renown  of  the  Mancha,  from  whence,  as  I 
have  learned,  you  deduce  your  beginning  and  progeny.' 

Don  Quixote  listened  with  all  attention  unto  the  canon's 
admonition,  and  perceiving  that  he  was  come  to  an  end  of 
them,  after  he  had  looked  upon  him  a  good  while  he  said, 
*  Methinks,  gentleman,  that  the  scope  of  your  discourse 
hath  been  addressed  to  persuade  me  that  there  never  were 


Chap.  XXII         DON   QUIXOTE'S   REPLY  153 

any  knights-errant  in  the  world,  and  that  all  the  books  of 
chivalry  are  false,  lying,  hurtful,  and  unprofitable  to  the 
commonwealth,  and  that  I  have  done  ill  to  read  them, 
worse  to  believe  in  them,  and  worst  of  all  to  follow  them, 
by  having  thus  taken  on  me  the  most  austere  profession  of 
wandering  knighthood,  whereof  they  entreat  ;  denying, 
moreover,  that  there  were  ever  any  Amadises,  either  of 
Gaul  or  Greece  ;  or  any  of  all  the  other  knights  wherewith 
such  books  are  stuffed.' 

*  All  is  just  as  you  have  said,'  quoth  the  canon  :  whereto 
Don  Quixote  replied  thus,  '  You  also  added,  that  such 
books  had  done  me  much  hurt,  seeing  they  had  turned 
my  judgment,  and  immured  me  up  in  this  cage,  and  that 
it  were  better  for  me  to  make  some  amendment,  and  alter 
my  study,  reading  other  that  are  more  authentic,  and  delight 
and  instruct  much  better.' 

'  It  is  very  true,'  answered  the  canon. 

'  Why,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I  find,  by  mine 
accounts,  that  the  enchanted  and  senseless  man  is  yourself, 
seeing  you  have  bent  yourself  to  speak  so  many  blasphemies 
against  a  thing  so  true,  so  current,  and  of  such  request  in 
the  world,  as  he  that  should  deny  it,  as  you  do,  merits  the 
same  punishment  which  as  you  say  you  give  to  those  books 
when  the  reading  thereof  offends  you ;  for  to  go  about  to 
make  men  believe  that  Amadis  never  lived,  nor  any  other 
of  those  knights  wherewith  histories  are  fully  replenished, 
would  be  none  other  than  to  persuade  them  that  the  sun 
lightens  not,  the  earth  sustains  not,  nor  the  ice  makes  any- 
thing cold.  See  what  wit  is  there  in  the  world  so  profound, 
that  can  induce  another  to  believe  that  the  history  of  Guy 
of  Burgundy  and  the  Princes  Floripes  was  not  true  ?  Nor 
that  of  Fierabras,  with  the  Bridge  of  Mantible,  which  befel 
in  Charlemagne's  time,  and  is,  I  swear,  as  true  as  that  it  is 
day  at  this  instant  ?  And  if  it  be  a  lie,  so  must  it  be  also 
that  ever  there  was  an  Hector,  Achilles,  or  the  war  of 
Troy  ;  the  Twelve  Peers  of  France ;  or  King  Arthur  of 
Britain,  who  goes  yet  about  the  world  in  the  shape  of  a 
crow,  and  is  every  foot  expected  in  his  kingdom.  And 
they  will  as  well  presume  to  say  that  the  History  of  Guarino 


154  DON    QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Mezquino  and  of  the  quest  of  the  Holy  San  Greal  be  lies; 
and  that  for  the  love  between  Sir  Tristram  and  La  Bella 
Ysoude,  and  between  Queen  Guenevor  and  Sir  Lancelot 
Dulake,  we  have  no  sufficient  authority;  and  yet  there 
be  certain  persons  alive  which  almost  remember  that  they 
have  seen  the  Lady  Queintanonina,  who  was  one  of  the  best 
skinkers  of  wine  that  ever  Great  Britain  had ;  and  this  is 
so  certain,  as  I  remember  that  one  of  my  grandmothers  of 
my  father's  side  was  wont  to  say  unto  me,  when  she  saw 
my  matron,  with  a  long  and  reverend  kerchief  or  veil, 
"  My  boy,  that  woman  resembles  very  much  Lady  Quein- 
tanonina/' From  which  I  argue,  that  either  she  knew  her 
herself,  or  at  the  least  had  seen  some  portraiture  of  hers. 
Who  can,  moreover,  deny  the  certainty  of  the  history  of 
Peter  of  Provence  and  the  beautiful  Magalona,  seeing  that, 
until  this  very  day,  one  may  behold,  in  the  king's  armoury, 
the  pin  wherewith  he  guided  and  turned  anyway  he  listed 
the  horse  of  wood  whereupon  he  rode  through  the  air, 
which  pin  is  a  little  bigger  than  the  thill  of  a  cart ;  and 
near  unto  it  is  also  seen  Babieca  his  saddle ;  and  in 
Roncesvalles  there  yet  hangs  Orlando's  horn,  which  is  as 
big  as  a  very  great  joist,  whence  is  inferred  that  there 
were  Twelve  Peers,  that  there  was  a  Pierres  of  Provence, 
that  also  there  were  Cids,  and  other  such  knights  as  those 
which  the  world  terms  adventurers.  If  not,  let  them  also 
tell  me,  that  the  valiant  Lusitanian,  John  de  Melo,  was 
no  knight-errant,  who  went  to  Burgundy,  and  in  the  city 
of  Ras  fought  with  the  famous  lord  of  Charni,  called 
Mosen  Pierres,  and  after  with  Mosen  Henry  of  Ramestan, 
in  the  city  of  Basilea,  and  bore  away  the  victory  in  both 
the  conflicts,  to  his  eternal  fame ;  and  that  there  were  no 
such  curres  as  the  adventures  and  single  combats  begun 
and  ended  in  Burgundy  by  the  valiant  Spaniards,  Pedro 
Garba  and  Guttierre  Quixada  (from  whom  I  myself  am 
lineally  descended),  who  overcame  the  Earl  of  Saint  Paul's 
sons.  They  may  also  aver  unto  me  that  Don  Fernando 
de  Guevarra  went  not  to  seek  adventures  in  Germany, 
where  he  fought  with  Micer  George,  a  knight  of  the  Duke 
of  Austria  his  house.    Let  them  likewise  affirm  that  Suero 


Chap.  XXII       HISTORY   AND    ROMANCE  155 

de  Quinonnes  of  the  Pass  his  jousts  were  but  jests ;  as  also 
the  enterprise  of  Mosen  Louis  de  Falses  against  Don 
Gonzalo  de  Guzman,  a  gentleman  of  Castile,  with  many 
other  renowned  acts,  done  as  well  by  Christian  knights  of 
this  kingdom  as  of  other  foreign  lands,  which  are  all  so 
authentic  and  true,  as  that  I  am  compelled  to  reiterate  what 
I  said  before,  which  is,  that  whosoever  denies  them  is 
defective  of  reason  and  good  discourse/ 

Full  of  admiration  remained  the  good  canon  to  hear  the 
composition  and  medley  that  Don  Quixote  made  of  truths 
and  fictions  together,  and  at  the  great  notice  he  had  of  all 
things  that  might  anyway  concern  his  knighthood-errant ; 
and  therefore  he  shaped  him  this  answer  :  '  I  cannot  deny, 
Sir  Don  Quixote,  but  that  some  part  of  that  which  you 
have  said  is  true,  especially  touching  those  Spanish  adven- 
turers of  whom  you  have  spoken,  and  will  likewise  grant 
you  that  there  were  Twelve  Peers  of  France,  but  I  will 
not  believe  that  they  have  accomplished  all  that  which  the 
Archbishop  Turpin  hath  left  written  of  them  ;  for  the  bare 
truth  of  the  affair  is,  that  they  were  certain  noblemen 
chosen  out  by  the  kings  of  France,  whom  they  called 
peers,  because  they  were  all  equal  in  valour,  quality,  and 
worth ;  or  if  they  were  not,  it  was  at  least  presumed  that 
they  were ;  and  they  were  not  much  unlike  the  military 
orders  of  Saint  James  or  Calatrava,  were  in  request, 
wherein  is  presupposed  that  such  as  are  of  the  profession 
are,  or  ought  to  be,  valorous  and  well-descended  gentle- 
men :  and  as  now  they  say  a  knight  of  Saint  John  or 
Alcantara,  so  in  those  times  they  said  a  knight  of  the 
Twelve  Peers,  because  they  were  twelve  equals,  chosen  to 
be  of  that  military  order.  That  there  was  a  Cid  and  a 
Bernard  of  Carpio  is  also  doubtless ;  that  they  have  done 
the  acts  recounted  of  them  I  believe  there  is  very  great 
cause  to  doubt.  As  touching  the  pin  of  the  good  Earl 
Pierres,  and  that  it  is  by  Babieca  his  saddle  in  the  king's 
armoury,  I  confess  that  my  sin  hath  made  me  so  ignorant, 
or  blind,  that  although  I  have  viewed  the  saddle  very  well, 
yet  could  I  never  get  a  sight  of  that  pin,  how  great  soever 
you  affirni  it  to  be/ 


156  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

*  Well,  it  is  there  without  question/  quoth  Don 
Quixote ;  '  and  for  the  greater  confirmation  thereof, 
they  say  it  is  laid  up  in  a  case  of  neat's  leather  to  keep 
it  from  rusting/  '  That  may  very  well  so  be,'  said  the 
canon ;  *  yet  by  the  orders  that  I  have  received,  I  do  not 
remember  that  ever  I  saw  it :  and  although  I  should  grant 
it  to  be  there,  yet  do  I  not  therefore  oblige  myself  to 
believe  the  histories  of  all  the  Amadises,  nor  those  of  the 
other  rabblement  of  knights  which  books  do  mention 
unto  us ;  nor  is  it  reason  that  so  honourable  a  man, 
adorned  with  so  many  good  parts  and  endowed  with 
such  a  wit  as  you  are,  should  believe  that  so  many 
and  so  strange  follies  as  are  written  in  the  raving  books  of 
chivalry  can  be  true/ 


»      CHAPTER  XXIII 

Of  the  Discreet  Contention   between  Don   Quixote  and  the 
Canon^  with  other  Accidents. 

*  That  were  a  jest  indeed,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
books  which  are  printed  with  the  king's  licence  and  approba- 
tion of  those  to  whom  their  examination  was  committed, 
and  that  are  read  with  universal  delight  and  acceptance, 
and  celebrated  by  great  and  little,  rich  and  poor,  learned 
and  ignorant,  plebeians  and  gentlemen,  and  finally,  by  all 
kind  of  persons  of  what  state  or  condition  soever,  should 
be  so  lying  and  fabulous,  specially  seeing  they  have  such 
probability  of  truth,  seeing  they  describe  unto  us  the 
father,  mother,  country,  kinsfolk,  age,  town,  and  acts  of 
such  a  knight  or  knights,  and  that  so  exactly,  point  by 
point,  and  day  by  day.  Hold  your  peace,  and  never  speak 
again  such  a  blasphemy,  and  believe  me  ;  for  I  do  sincerely 
counsel  you,  what  you,  as  a  discreet  man,  ought  to  do 
herein  ;  and  if  not,  read  them  but  once,  and  you  shall  see 
what  delight   you  shall  receive  thereby :  if  not,  tell  me, 


Chap.  XXIII       DON   QUIXOTE'S   RHAPSODY  157 

what  greater  pleasure  can  there  be  than  to  behold,  as 
one  would  say,  even  here  and  before  our  eyes,  a  great 
lake  of  pitch  boiling  hot,  and  many  serpents,  snakes, 
lizards,  and  other  kinds  of  cruel  and  dreadful  beasts 
swimming  athwart  it,  and  in  every  part  of  it,  and 
that  there  issues  out  of  the  lake  a  most  lamentable 
voice,  saying,  "  O  thou  knight,  whatsoever  thou  art, 
which  dost  behold  the  fearful  lake,  if  thou  desirest  to 
obtain  the  good  concealed  under  these  horrid  and  black 
waters,  show  the  valour  of  thy  strong  breast,  and  throw 
thyself  into  the  midst  of  this  sable  and  inflamed  liquor  ; 
for  if  thou  dost  not  so,  thou  shalt  not  be  worthy  to  dis- 
cover the  great  wonders  hidden  in  the  seven  castles  of  the 
seven  fates,  which  are  seated  under  these  gloomy  waves  '* : 
and  that  scarce  hath  the  knight  heard  the  fearful  voice, 
when,  without  entering  into  any  new  discourses,  or  once 
considering  the  danger  whereinto  he  thrusts  himself,  yea, 
or  easing  himself  of  the  weight  of  his  ponderous  armour, 
but  only  commending  himself  unto  God  and  his  lady 
mistress,  he  plunges  into  the  midst  of  that  burning  puddle, 
and  when  he  neither  cares  nor  knows  what  may  befall  him, 
he  finds  himself  in  the  midst  of  flourishing  fields,  with 
which  the  very  Elysian  plains  can  in  no  sort  be  compared. 
There  it  seems  to  him  that  the  element  is  more  transparent, 
and  that  the  sun  shines  with  a  clearer  light  than  in  our 
orb ;  there  offers  itself  to  his  greedy  and  curious  eye  a 
most  pleasing  forest,  replenished  with  so  green  and  well- 
spread  trees  as  the  verdure  thereof  both  joys  and  quickens 
the  sight,  whilst  the  ears  are  entertained  by  the  harmonious 
though  artless  songs  of  infinite  and  enamelled  birds,  which 
traverse  the  intricate  boughs  of  that  shady  habitation  ; 
here  he  discovers  a  small  stream,  whose  fresh  waters, 
resembling  liquid  crystal,  slide  over  the  small  sands  and 
white  little  stones,  resembling  sifted  gold  wherein  oriental 
pearls  are  enchased ;  there  he  discerns  an  artificial  fountain, 
wrought  of  motley  jasper  and  smooth  marble  ;  and  hard  by 
it  another,  rudely  and  negligently  framed,  wherein  the 
sundry  cockleshells,  with  the  wreathed  white  and  yellow 
houses  of  the  periwinkle  and  snail  intermingled,  and  placed 


158  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

after  a  disorderly  manner  (having  now  and  then  pieces  of 
clear  crystal  and  counterfeit  emeralds  mingled  among 
them),  do  make  a  work  of  so  graceful  variety,  as  art 
imitating  nature  doth  herein  seem  to  surpass  her. 

'  Suddenly  he  discovers  a  strong  castle  or  goodly  palace, 
whose  walls  are  of  beaten  gold,  the  pinnacles  of  diamonds, 
the  gates  of  jacinths ;  finally,  it  is  of  so  exquisite  work- 
manship, as  although  the  materials  whereof  it  is  built  are 
no  worse  than  diamonds,  carbuncles,  rubies,  emeralds, 
pearls,  and  gold,  yet  is  the  architecture  thereof  of  more 
estimation  and  value  than  they ;  and  is  there  any  more  to 
be  seen,  after  the  seeing  hereof,  than  to  see  sally  out  at 
the  castle  gates  a  goodly  troop  of  lovely  damsels,  whose 
brave  and  costly  attire,  if  I  should  attempt  to  describe,  as 
it  is  laid  down  in  histories,  we  should  never  make  an  end  ? 
And  she  that  seems  the  chiefest  of  all,  to  take  presently 
our  bold  knight,  that  threw  himself  into  the  boiling  lake, 
by  the  hand,  and  carry  him  into  the  rich  castle  or  palace 
without  speaking  a  word,  and  cause  him  to  strip  himself  as 
naked  as  he  was  when  his  mother  bore  him  and  bathe  him 
in  very  temperate  waters,  and  afterwards  anoint  him  all 
over  with  precious  ointments,  and  put  on  him  a  shirt  of 
most  fine,  odoriferous,  and  perfumed  sendall ;  and  then 
another  damsel  to  come  suddenly,  and  cast  on  his  back  a 
rich  mantle,  which  they  say  is  wont  to  be  worth,  at  the 
very  least,  a  rich  city,  yea,  and  more.  Then  what  a  sport 
it  is,  when  they  tell  us  after,  that  after  this  he  is  carried 
into  another  hall,  where  he  finds  the  tables  covered  so 
orderly  as  he  rests  amazed  !  what,  to  see  cast  on  his  hands 
water  distilled  all  of  amber,  and  most  fragrant  flowers  ! 
what,  to  see  him  seated  in  a  chair  of  ivory  !  what,  to  see 
him  served  by  all  the  damsels  with  marvellous  silence  ! 
what,  the  setting  before  him  such  variety  of  acates,  and 
those  so  excellently  dressed,  as  his  appetite  knows  not  to 
which  of  them  it  shall  first  address  his  hand  !  what,  to 
hear  the  music  which  sounds  whilst  he  is  at  dinner,  with- 
out knowing  who  makes  it,  or  whence  it  comes  !  And 
after  that  dinner  is  ended,  and  the  tables  taken  away,  the 
knight  to  remain  leaning  on  a  chair,  and  perhaps  picking 


Chap.  XXIII     DON   QUIXOTE'S   RHAPSODY  159 

of  his  teeth,  as  the  custom  is,  and  on  a  sudden  to  enter  at 
the  hall  door  another  much  more  beautiful  damsel  than 
any  of  the  former,  and  to  sit  by  his  side,  and  begin  to 
recount  unto  him  what  castle  that  is,  and  how  she  is 
enchanted  therein,  with  many  other  things  that  amazed 
the  knight  and  amazed  the  readers.  I  will  not  enlarge 
myself  any  more  in  this  matter,  seeing  that  you  may  collect 
out  of  that  which  I  have  said,  that  any  part  that  is  read  of 
any  book  of  a  knight-errant  will  delight  and  astonish  him 
that  shall  peruse  it  with  attention.  And  therefore,  I  pray 
you,  believe  me,  and,  as  I  have  said  already,  read  those 
kind  of  books,  and  you  shall  find  that  they  will  exile  all 
the  melancholy  that  shall  trouble  you,  and  rectify  your 
disposition,  if  by  fortune  it  be  depraved.  For  I  dare 
affirm  of  myself,  that  since  I  am  became  a  knight-errant, 
I  am  valiant,  courteous,  liberal,  well-mannered,  generous, 
gentle,  bold,  mild,  patient,  and  an  endurer  of  labours, 
imprisonments,  and  enchantments.  And  although  it  be 
but  so  little  a  while  since  I  was  shut  up  in  a  cage  like 
a  madman,  yet  do  I  hope,  by  the  valour  of  mine  arm 
(Heaven  concurring,  and  fortune  not  crossing  me),  to 
see  myself  within  a  few  days  the  king  of  some  king- 
doms, wherein  I  may  show  the  bounty  and  liberality 
included  within  my  breast ;  for  in  good  truth,  sir,  a 
poor  man  is  made  unable  to  manifest  the  virtue  of 
liberality  toward  any  other,  although  he  virtually  possess 
it  himself  in  a  most  eminent  degree  ;  and  the  will  to 
gratify  which,  only  consisting  of  will,  is  a  dead  thing,  as 
faith  without  works.  For  which  cause  I  do  wish  that 
fortune  would  quickly  present  me  some  occasion  whereby 
I  might  make  myself  an  emperor,  that  I  may  discover  the 
desire  I  have  to  do  good  unto  my  friends,  but  especially 
to  this  my  poor  squire  Sancho  Panza,  who  is  one  of  the 
honestest  men  in  the  world,  on  whom  I  would  fain  bestow 
the  earldom  which  I  promised  him  many  days  past,  but 
that  I  fear  me  he  will  not  be  able  to  govern  his  estate.' 

Sancho,  overhearing  those  last  words  of  his  master's, 
said,  '  Labour  you.  Sir  Don  Quixote,  to  get  me  that  earl- 
dom as  often  promised  by  you,  as  much  longed  for  by  me ; 


i6o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

and  I  promise  you  that  I  will  not  want  sufficiency  to 
govern  it ;  and  though  I  should,  yet  have  I  heard  say  that 
there  are  men  in  the  world  who  take  lordships  to  farm, 
paying  the  lord  so  much  by  the  year,  and  undertaking  the 
care  of  the  government  thereof,  whilst  the  lord  himself, 
with  outstretched  legs,  doth  live  at  his  ease,  enjoying  the 
rents  they  bring  him,  and  caring  for  nothing  else  ;  and  so 
will  I  do,  and  will  not  stand  racking  it  to  the  utmost, 
but  presently  desist  from  all  administration,  and  live 
merrily  upon  my  rent,  like  a  young  duke,  and  so  let  the 
world  wag  and  go  how  it  will.'  '  That,  friend  Sancho,  is 
to  be  understood,'  quoth  the  canon,  '  of  enjoying  the 
revenues  ;  but  as  concerning  the  administration  of  justice, 
the  lord  of  the  seigniory  is  bound  to  look  to  it :  in  that  is 
required  a  sufficiency  and  ability  to  govern,  and  above  all 
a  good  intention  to  deal  justly  and  determine  rightly  ;  for 
if  this  be  wanting  when  we  begin,  our  means  and  ends  will 
always  be  subject  to  error  ;  and  therefore  is  God  wont  as 
well  to  further  the  good  designs  of  the  simple,  as  to  dis- 
favour the  bad  ones  of  those  that  be  wittily  wicked.' 

'  I  understand  not  those  philosophies,'  quoth  Sancho 
Panza  ;  '  but  this  I  know  well,  that  I  would  I  had  as 
speedily  the  earldom  as  I  could  tell  how  to  govern  it ;  for 
I  have  as  much  soul  as  another,  and  as  much  body  as  he 
that  hath  most ;  and  I  would  be  as  absolute  a  king  in  my 
estate  as  any  one  would  be  in  his ;  and  being  such,  I  would 
do  what  I  liked  ;  and  doing  what  I  liked,  I  would  take  my 
pleasure  ;  and  taking  my  pleasure,  I  would  be  content ; 
and  when  one  is  content,  he  hath  no  more  to  desire ;  and 
having  no  more  to  desire,  the  matter  were  ended :  and 
then,  come  the  estate  when  it  will,  or  farewell  it,  and  let 
us  behold  ourselves,  as  one  blind  man  said  to  another.' 
'They  are  no  bad  philosophies  which  thou  comest  out 
with,  kind  Sancho,'  quoth  the  canon ;  *  but  yet  for  all  that, 
there  is  much  to  be  said  concerning  this  matter  of  earl- 
doms.' To  that  Don  Quixote  replied,  'I  know  not  what 
more  may  be  said,  only  I  govern  myself  by  the  example  of 
Amadis  de  Gaul,  who  made  his  squire  earl  of  the  Firm 
Island ;  and  therefore  I  may  without  scruple  of  conscience 


Chap.  XXIII  THE   GOATHERD  i6i 

make  Sancho  Panza  an  earl ;  for  he  is  one  of  the  best  squires 
that  ever  knight-errant  had.'  The  canon  abode  amazed  at 
the  well-compacted  and  orderly  ravings  of  Don  Quixote ; 
at  the  manner  wherewith  he  had  deciphered  the  adventure 
of  the  Knight  of  the  Lake  ;  at  the  impression  which  his 
lying  books  had  made  into  him  ;  and  finally,  he  wondered 
at  the  simplicity  of  Sancho  Panza,  who  so  earnestly  desired 
to  be  made  earl  of  the  county  his  lord  had  promised  him. 

By  this  time  the  canon's  serving-men,  which  had  gone 
to  the  inn  for  the  sumpter  mule,  were  returned  ;  and, 
making  their  table  of  a  carpet  and  of  the  green  grass  of 
that  meadow,  they  sat  down  under  the  shadow  of  the  trees, 
and  did  eat  there,  to  the  end  that  the  wainman  might  not 
lose  the  commodity  of  the  pasture,  as  we  have  said  before. 
And  as  they  sat  at  dinner,  they  suddenly  heard  the  sound 
of  a  little  bell  issuing  from  among  the  briers  and  brambles 
that  were  at  hand  ;  and  instantly  after  they  saw  come  out 
of  the  thicket  a  very  fair  she-goat,  whose  hide  was 
powdered  all  over  with  black,  white,  and  brown  spots : 
after  her  followed  a  goatherd,  crying  unto  her,  and  in  his 
language  bidding  her  stay  or  return  to  the  fold ;  but  the 
fugitive  goat,  all  affrighted  and  fearful,  ran  towards  the 
company,  and,  as  it  were,  seeking  in  her  dumb  manner  to 
be  protected,  strayed  near  unto  them.  Then  did  the 
goatherd  arrive ;  and,  laying  hold  of  her  horns  (as  if  she 
had  been  capable  of  his  reprehension),  said  unto  her,  *0 
ye  wanton  ape,  ye  spotted  elf!  how  come  ye  to  halt  with 
me  of  late  days  ?  What  wolves  do  scare  you,  daughter  ? 
Will  you  not  tell  me,  fair,  what  the  matter  is  ?  But  what 
can  it  be  other  than  that  you  are  a  female,  and  therefore 
can  never  be  quiet  ?  A  foul  evil  take  your  conditions,  and  all 
theirs  whom  you  so  much  resemble  !  Turn  back,  love,  turn 
back ;  and  though  you  be  not  so  content  withal,  yet  shall 
you  at  least  be  more  safe  in  your  own  fold,  and  among  the 
rest  of  your  fellows ;  for  if  you  that  should  guide  and 
direct  them  go  thus  distracted  and  wandering,  what  then 
must  they  do  ?     What  will  become  of  them  ? ' 

The  goatherd's  words  did  not  a  little  delight  the  hearers, 
but  principally  the  canon,  who  said  unto  him,   '  I  pray 

II.  L 


i62  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

thee,  good  fellow,  take  thy  rest  here  a  while,  and  do  not 
hasten  that  goat  so  much  to  her  fold ;  for,  seeing  she  is  a 
female,  as  thou  sayst,  she  will  follow  her  natural  instinct, 
how  much  soever  thou  opposest  thyself  unto  it.  Take 
therefore  that  bit,  and  drink  a  draught  wherewithal  thou 
mayst  temper  thy  choler,  and  the  goat  will  rest  her  the 
whilst.'  And,  saying  so,  he  gave  him  the  hinder  quarter 
of  a  cold  rabbit ;  which  he  receiving,  rendered  him  many 
thanks,  and,  drinking  a  draught  of  wine,  did  pacify  him- 
self, and  said  presently  after,  '  I  would  not  have  you,  my 
masters,  account  me  simple,  although  I  spoke  to  this  beast 
in  so  earnest  a  fashion ;  for  in  truth  the  words  which  I 
used  unto  her  were  not  without  some  mystery.  I  am 
indeed  rustic,  and  yet  not  so  much  but  that  I  know  how 
to  converse  with  men  and  with  beasts.'  '  I  believe  that 
easily,'  quoth  the  curate ;  '  for  I  know  already,  by  experi- 
ence, that  the  woods  breed  learned  men,  and  sheep-cotes 
contain  philosophers.'  '  At  the  least,  sir,'  replied  the 
goatherd,  ^  they  have  among  them  experienced  men ;  and 
that  you  may  give  the  more  credit  to  this  truth,  and,  as  it 
were,  touch  it  with  your  own  hands  (although,  till  I  be 
bidden,  I  may  seem  to  invite  myself),  I  will,  if  you  please 
to  hear  me  but  a  while,  relate  unto  you  a  very  true 
accident,  which  shall  make  good  what  this  gentleman ' 
(pointing  to  the  curate)  '  and  myself  have  affirmed.'  To 
this  Don  Quixote  answered,  '  Because  the  case  doth  seem 
to  have  in  it  some  shadow  of  knightly  adventures  I  will, 
for  my  part,  listen  unto  thee  with  a  very  good  will ;  and  I 
presume  that  all  these  gentlemen  will  do  the  like,  so  great 
is  their  discretion  and  desire  to  know  any  curious  novelty 
which  amaze,  delight,  and  entertain  the  senses,  as  I  do 
certainly  believe  thy  history  will.  Therefore  begin  it, 
friend,  and  all  of  us  will  lend  our  ears  unto  it.'  '  I 
except  mine,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  *  for  I  will  go  with  this 
pasty  unto  that  little  stream,  where  I  mean  to  fill  myself 
for  three  days ;  for  I  have  heard  my  lord  Don  Quixote 
say  that  a  knight-errant 's  squire  must  eat  when  he  can, 
and  always  as  much  as  he  can,  because  that  oftentimes 
they  enter  by  chance  into  some  wood  so  intricate  as  they 


Chap.  XXIV      THE   GOATHERD'S   STORY  163 

cannot  get  out  of  it  again  in  five  or  six  days,  and  if  a 
man's  paunch  be  not  then  well  stuffed,  or  his  wallet  well 
stored,  he  may  there  remain,  and  be  turned,  as  many  times 
it  happens,  into  mummy/ 

*  Thou  art  in  the  right  of  it,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote ;  '  go,  therefore,  where  thou  wilt,  and  eat  what 
thou  mayst ;  for  I  am  already  satisfied,  and  only  want 
refection  for  my  mind,  which  now  I  will  give  it  by  listening 
to  this  good  fellow.'  '  The  same  will  we  also  give 
unto  ours,'  quoth  the  canon,  who  therewithal  entreated 
the  goatherd  to  keep  promise,  and  begin  his  tale.  Then 
he,  stroking  once  or  twice  his  pretty  goat  (which  he  yet 
held  fast  by  the  horns),  said  thus,  '  Lie  down,  pied  fool, 
by  me ;  for  we  shall  have  time  enough  to  return  home 
again.'  It  seemed  that  the  goat  understood  him ;  for  as 
soon  as  her  master  sat  down,  she  quietly  stretched  herself 
along  by  him,  and,  looking  him  in  the  face,  did  give  to 
understand  that  she  was  attentive  to  what  he  was  saying ; 
and  then  he  began  his  history  in  this  manner. 


CHAPTER  XXIV 

Relating  that  which  the  Goatherd  told  to  those  that  carried 

away  Don  Quixote 

'There  is  a  village  distant  some  three  leagues  from  this 
valley,  which,  albeit  it  be  little,  is  one  of  the  richest  of  this 
commark  :  therein  some  time  did  dwell  a  wealthy  farmer 
of  good  respect,  and  so  good,  as  although  reputation  and 
riches  are  commonly  joined  together,  yet  that  which  he  had 
was  rather  got  him  by  his  virtue  than  by  any  wealth  he 
possessed ;  but  that  which  did  most  accumulate  his  happi- 
ness (as  he  himself  was  wont  to  say)  was,  that  he  had  a 
daughter  of  so  accomplished  beauty,  so  rare  discretion, 
comeliness,  and  virtue,  that  as  many  as  knew  and  beheld 
her  admired   to   see    the   passing  endowments   wherewith 


i64  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Heaven  and  nature  had  enriched  her.  Being  a  child  she 
was  fair ;  and,  increasing  daily  in  feature,  she  was  at  the 
age  of  sixteen  most  beautiful :  the  fame  whereof  extended 
itself  over  all  the  bordering  villages.  But  why  say  I  the 
bordering  villages  alone,  if  it  spread  itself  over  the  furthest 
cities,  yea,  and  entered  into  the  king's  palace,  and  into  the 
ears  of  all  kind  of  people,  so  that  they  came  from  all  parts 
to  behold  her,  as  a  rare  thing  and  pattern  of  miracles  ? 
Her  father  did  carefully  keep  her,  and  she  likewise  heeded 
herself;  for  there  is  neither  guard,  lock,  nor  bolt  able  to 
keep  a  maiden  better  than  is  her  own  wariness  and  care. 
The  wealth  of  the  father  and  worth  of  the  daughter  moved 
divers,  as  well  of  his  own  village  as  strangers,  to  demand 
her  to  wife ;  but  he  (as  one  whom  the  disposal  of  so  rich  a 
jewel  most  nearly  concerned)  was  much  perplexed,  and 
unable  to  determine  on  whom,  among  such  an  infinite 
number  of  importunate  wooers,  he  might  bestow  her. 
Among  others  that  bore  this  goodwill  towards  her,  I 
myself  was  one  to  whom  they  gave  many  and  very  great 
hopes  of  good  success ;  the  knowledge  that  her  father  had 
of  me,  my  birth  in  the  same  village,  my  descent  honest, 
and  blood  untainted,  flourishing  in  years,  very  rich  in 
goods,  and  no  less  in  gifts  of  the  mind.  Another  of  the 
same  village  and  qualities  was  also  a  suitor  unto  her ; 
which  was  an  occasion  to  hold  her  in  suspense,  and  put  his 
will  in  the  balance,  deeming,  as  he  did,  that  she  might  be 
bestowed  on  either  of  us  two.  And  that  he  might  be 
rid  of  that  doubt,  he  resolved  to  tell  it  to  Leandra  (for  so 
do  they  call  the  rich  maid  which  hath  brought  me  to 
extreme  misery),  noting  discreetly  that,  seeing  we  both 
were  equals,  it  would  not  be  amiss  to  leave  in  his  dear 
daughter's  power  the  making  choice  of  whether  she  liked 
best :  a  thing  worthy  to  be  noted  by  all  those  parents  that 
would  have  their  children  marry ;  wherein  my  meaning  is 
not  that  they  should  permit  them  to  make  a  bad  or  a  base 
choice,  but  that  they  propound  certain  good  ones,  and 
refer  to  their  liking  which  of  them  they  will  take.  I  know 
not  what  was  the  liking  of  Leandra,  but  only  know  this 
that  the  father  posted  us  off,  by  alleging  the  over-green 


Chap.  XXIV      THE   GOATHERD'S   STORY  165 

years  of  his  daughter,  and  using  general  terms,  which 
neither  obliged  him  nor  discharged  us.  My  rival  was 
called  Anselmo,  and  myself  Eugenio,  that  you  may  also 
have  some  knowledge  of  the  persons  which  were  actors 
in  this  tragedy,  whose  conclusion  is  yet  depending,  but 
threatens  much  future  disaster. 

'  About  the  very  same  time  there  arrived  to  our  village 
one  Vincent  de  la  Rosa,  son  to  a  poor  labourer  of  the 
same  place,  which  Vincent  returned  as  then  from  Italy 
and  divers  other  countries,  wherein  he  had  been  a  soldier ; 
for,  being  of  some  twelve  years  of  age,  a  certain  captain, 
that  with  his  company  passed  along  by  our  village,  did 
carry  him  away  with  him ;  and  the  youth,  after  a  dozen 
years  more,  came  back  again  attired  like  a  soldier,  and 
painted  with  a  hundred  colours,  full  of  a  thousand  devices 
of  crystal,  [and  with]  five  steel  chains.  To-day  he  would 
put  on  some  gay  thing,  the  next  day  some  other,  but  all  of 
them  slight,  painted,  and  of  little  weight,  less  worth.  The 
clownish  people,  which  are  naturally  malicious,  and  if  they 
have  but  ever  so  little  idleness  or  leisure  become  malice 
itself,  did  note  and  reckon  up  all  his  braveries  and  jewels, 
and  found  that  he  had  but  three  suits  of  apparel  of  diffe- 
rent colours,  with  garters  and  stockings  answerable  to 
them ;  but  he  used  so  many  disguisements,  varieties, 
transformations,  and  inventions,  which  they,  as  if  they  had 
not  counted  them  all,  some  one  would  have  sworn  that  he 
had  made  show  of  more  than  ten  suits  of  apparel,  and 
more  than  twenty  plumes  of  feathers ;  and  let  not  that 
which  I  tell  you  of  the  apparel  be  counted  impertinent,  or 
from  the  matter,  for  it  makes  a  principal  part  in  the 
history.  He  would  sit  on  a  bench  that  stood  under  a 
great  poplar-tree  in  the  midst  of  the  market-place,  and 
there  would  hold  us  all  with  gaping  mouths,  listening  to 
the  gallant  adventures  and  resolute  acts  he  recounted  unto 
us.  There  was  no  land  in  all  the  world  whose  soil  he  had 
not  trodden  on,  no  battle  wherein  he  had  not  been  present; 
he  had  slain  more  Moors  than  the  kingdoms  of  Morocco 
and  Tunis  contained,  and  undertaken  more  single  combats, 
as  he  said,  than  ever  did  either  Gante,  Luna,  or  Diego 


i66  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Garcia  de  Paredes,  and  a  thousand  others  whom  he  named; 
and  yet  he  still  came  away  with  the  victory,  without 
having  ever  left  one  drop  of  blood.  On  the  other  side, 
he  would  show  us  signs  of  wounds,  which,  although  they 
could  not  be  discerned,  yet  would  he  persuade  us  that 
they  were  the  marks  of  bullets  which  he  received  in  divers 
skirmishes  and  wars.  Finally,  he  would  "  thou ''  his 
equals,  and  those  which  knew  him  very  well,  with  mar- 
vellous arrogancy ;  and  said  that  his  arm  was  his  father, 
his  works  his  lineage,  and  that  beside  his  being  a  soldier 
he  owed  not  a  whit  to  the  king.  To  these  his  arrogancies 
was  annexed  some  superficial  skill  in  music,  for  he  could 
scratch  a  little  on  a  gitern,  and  some  would  say  that  he 
made  it  speak  ;  but  his  many  graces  made  not  a  stop  there, 
for  he  had  likewise  some  shadows  of  poetry,  and  so  would 
make  a  ballad  of  a  league  and  a-half  long  upon  every  toy 
that  happened  in  the  village. 

'  This  soldier,  therefore,  whom  I  have  deciphered,  this 
Vincent  of  the  Rose,  this  braggart,  this  musician,  this  poet, 
eyed  and  beheld  many  times  by  Leandra,  from  a  certain 
window  of  her  house  that  looked  into  the  market-place  ; 
and  the  golden  show  of  his  attire  enamoured  her,  and  his 
ditties  enchanted  her ;  for  he  would  give  twenty  copies  of 
every  one  he  composed.  The  report  of  his  worthy  acts, 
beautified  by  himself,  came  also  unto  her  ears ;  ajnd  finally 
(for  so  it  is  likely  the  devil  had  ordered  the  matter)  she 
became  in  love  with  him,  before  he  presumed  to  think  once 
of  soliciting  her.  And,  as  in  love-adventures  no  one  is 
accomplished  with  more  facility  than  that  which  is  favoured 
by  the  woman's  desire,  Leandra  and  Vincent  made  a  short 
and  easy  agreement ;  and  ere  any  one  of  her  suitors  could 
once  suspect  her  desires,  she  had  fully  satisfied  them, 
abandoned  her  dear  and  loving  father's  house  (for  her 
mother  lives  not),  and  running  away  from  the  village 
with  the  soldier,  who  departed  with  more  triumph  from 
that  enterprise  than  from  all  the  others  which  he  had 
arrogated  to  himself.  The  accident  amazed  all  the  town  ; 
yea,  and  all  those  to  whom  the  rumour  thereof  arrived 
were   astonished,  Anselmo  amazed,  her  father  sorrowful, 


Chap.  XXIV      THE   GOATHERD'S   STORY  167 

her  kinsfolk  ashamed,  the  ministers  of  justice  careful,  and 
the  troopers  ready  to  make  pursuit.     All  the  ways  were 
laid,  and  the  woods  and  every  other  place  nearly  searched ; 
and  at  the   end    of  three  days    they    found   the    lustful 
Leandra  hidden  in  a  cave  within  a  wood,  naked  in   her 
smock,  and  despoiled  of  a  great  sum  of  money  and  many 
precious  jewels  which  she  had  brought  away  with  her.    They 
returned  her  to  her  doleful  father's  presence,  where,  asking 
how  she  became  so  despoiled,  she  presently  confessed  that 
Vincent  de  la  Rosa  had  deceived  her ;  for,  having  passed 
his  word  to  make  her  his  wife,  he  persuaded  her  to  leave 
her  father's  house,  and  made  her  believe  that  he  would 
carry  her  to  the  richest  and  most  delightful  city  of  the 
world,  which  was  Naples ;  and  that  she,  through  indiscre- 
tion  and  his  fraud,  had  given  credit  to  his  words,  and, 
robbing  her  father,  stole  away  with  him  the   very  same 
night  that  she  was  missed ;    and   that    he   carried   her  to 
a    very  rough    thicket,   and    shut    her    up    in    that  cave 
wherein    they  found   her.     She   also  recounted    how    the 
soldier,  without  touching  her  honour,  had  robbed  her  of 
all  that  she  carried,  and,  leaving  her  in    that   cave,  was 
fled  away  ;  which  success  struck  us  into  greater  admiration 
than  all  the  rest,  for  we  could  hardly  be  induced  to  believe 
the  young  gallant's  continency ;  but  she  did  so  earnestly 
protest   it  as  it  did  not  a  little  comfort  her  comfortless 
father,  who  made  no  reckoning  of  the  riches  he  had  lost, 
seeing  his  daughter  had  yet  reserved  that  jewel  which,  being 
once  gone,  could  never  again  be  recovered.     The  same  day 
that  Leandra  appeared,  she  also  vanished  out  of  our  sights, 
being  conveyed  away  by  her  father,  and  shut  up  in  a  nunnery 
at  a  certain  town   not   far  off,  hoping  that  time  would 
illiterate  some  part  of  the  bad  opinion  already  conceived  of 
his  daughter's  facility.     Leandra  her  youth  served  to  excuse 
her  error,  at  least  with  those  which  gained  nothing  by  her 
being  good  or  ill ;   but  such  as  knew  her  discretion  and 
great  wit  did  not  attribute  her  sin  to  ignorance,  but  rather 
to  her  too  much  lightness,  and  the  natural  infirmity  of  that 
sex,  which  for  the  most  part  is  inconsiderate  and  slippery. 
Leandra  being  shut  up,  Anselmo's  eyes  lost  their  light,  or 


i68  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

at  least  beheld  not  anything  that  could  delight  them  ;  and 
mine  remained  in  darkness  without  light  that  could  address 
them  to  any  pleasing  object,  in  Leandra's  absence.  Our 
griefs  increased,  our  patience  diminished  ;  we  cursed  the 
soldier's  ornaments,  and  abhorred  her  father's  want  of 
looking  to  her.  To  be  brief,  Anselmo  and  myself  resolved 
to  abandon  the  village  and  come  to  this  valley,  where,  he 
feeding  a  great  flock  of  sheep  of  his  own,  and  I  as  copious 
a  herd  of  goats  of  mine,  we  pass  our  lives  among  these 
trees,  giving  vent  to  our  passions,  either  by  singing 
together  the  beautiful  Leandra's  praises  or  dispraises,  or 
by  sighing  alone,  and  alone  communicating  our  quarrel- 
some complaints  with  Heaven.  Many  others  of  Leandra's 
suitors  have  since,  by  our  example,  come  to  these  intricate 
woods,  where  they  use  our  very  exercise ;  and  they 
are  so  many  as  it  seems  that  this  place  is  converted 
into  the  pastoral  Arcadia  ;  it  is  full  of  shepherds  and 
sheepfolds,  and  there  is  no  one  part  thereof  wherein  the 
name  of  the  beautiful  Leandra  resoundeth  not.  There 
one  doth  curse  her,  and  termeth  her  humours  inconstant 
and  dishonest ;  another  condemns  her  of  being  so  facile 
and  light  ;  some  one  absolves  and  pardons  her  ;  another 
condemns  and  despises  her,  and  celebrates  her  beauty  ; 
another  execrates  her  disposition  ;  and  finally,  all  blame, 
but  yet  adore  her ;  and  the  raving  distraction  of  them  all 
doth  so  far  extend  itself,  as  some  one  complains  of  disdain 
that  never  spoke  word  unto  her,  and  some  one  laments 
and  feels  the  enraged  fits  of  jealousy  though  she  never 
ministered  any  occasion  thereof;  for,  as  I  have  said,  her 
sin  was  known  before  her  desires.  There  is  no  cleft  of  a 
rock,  no  bank  of  a  stream,  nor  shadow  of  a  tree,  without 
some  shepherd  or  other,  that  breathes  out  his  misfortunes 
to  the  silent  air.  The  echo  repeats  Leandra's  name  where- 
soever it  can  be  formed ;  the  woods  resound  Leandra ;  the 
brooks  do  murmur  Leandra ;  and  Leandra  holds  us  all 
perplexed  and  enchanted,  hoping  without  hope,  and  fearing 
without  knowledge  what  we  fear. 

'  And  among  all  this  flock  of  frantic  men,  none  shows 
more    or  less  judgment   than    my  companion,  Anselmo, 


Chap.  XXV       THE   GOATHERD'S   STORY  169 

who,  having  so  many  other  titles  under  which  he  might 
plain  him,  only  complains  of  absence,  and  doth  to  the 
sound  of  a  rebec  (which  he  handles  admirably  well)  sing 
certain  doleful  verses,  which  fully  discover  the  excellency 
of  his  conceit.  I  follow  a  more  easy  and,  in  mine  opinion, 
a  more  certain  way — to  wit,  I  rail  on  the  lightness  of 
women,  on  their  inconstancy,  double-dealing,  dead  promises, 
cracked  trust,  and  the  small  discretion  they  show  in  placing 
of  their  affections ;  and  this,  sir,  was  the  occasion  of  the 
words  and  reasons  I  lately  used  to  this  goat,  whom  I  do 
esteem  but  little  because  she  is  a  female,  although  she  be 
otherwise  the  best  of  all  my  herd.  And  this  is  the  history 
which  I  promised  to  tell  you,  wherein,  if  I  have  been 
prolix,  I  will  be  altogether  as  large  in  doing  you  any 
service ;  for  I  have  here  at  hand  my  cabin,  and  therein 
store  of  fresh  milk  and  savoury  cheese,  with  many  sorts  of 
excellent  fruit,  no  less  agreeable  to  the  sight  than  pleasing 
to  the  taste.' 


CHAPTER   XXV 

Of  the  Falling  Out  of  Don  Quixote  and  the  Goatherd;  with 
the  Adventure  of  the  Disciplinants,  to  which  the  Knight 
gave  End  to  his  Cost, 

The  goatherd's  tale  bred  a  general  delight  in  all  the 
hearers,  but  specially  in  the  canon,  who  did  exactly  note 
the  manner  wherewithal  he  delivered  it,  as  different  from 
the  style  or  discourse  of  a  rude  goatherd,  and  approaching 
to  the  discretion  of  a  perfect  courtier ;  and  therefore  he 
said  that  the  curate  had  spoken  very  judiciously  in  affirming 
that  the  woods  bred  learned  men.  All  of  them  made 
bountiful  tenders  of  their  friendship  and  service  to  Eugenio, 
but  he  that  enlarged  himself  more  than  the  rest  was  Don 
Quixote,  who  said  unto  him,  '  Certes,  friend  goatherd,  if  I 
were  at  this  time  able  to  undertake  any  adventure,  I  would 
presently  set  forward,  and  fall  in  hand  with  it  to  do  you  a 


I/O  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

good  turn ;  and  I  would  take  Leandra  out  of  the  monas- 
tery (wherein,  without  doubt,  she  is  restrained  against  her 
will),  in  despite  of  the  lady  abbess,  and  all  those  that 
should  take  her  part ;  and  would  put  her  into  your  hands, 
to  the  end  you  might  dispose  of  her  at  your  pleasure,  yet 
still  observing  the  laws  of  knighthood,  which  command 
that  no  man  do  any  wrong  and  offer  violence  unto  a 
damsel.  Yet  I  hope  in  our  Lord  God,  that  the  skill  of  a 
malicious  enchanter  shall  not  be  of  such  force,  but  that 
the  science  of  a  better-meaning  wizard  shall  prevail  against 
him  ;  and  whensoever  that  shall  befall,  I  do  promise  you 
my  help  and  favour,  as  I  am  bound,  by  my  profession, 
which  chiefly  consists  in  assisting  the  weak  and  distressed.' 

The  goatherd  beheld  him,  and,  seeing  the  knight  so 
ill  arrayed,  and  of  so  evil-favoured  a  countenance,  he 
wondered,  and  questioned  the  barber,  who  sat  near  to  him, 
thus :  *  I  pray  you,  sir,  who  is  this  man  of  so  strange  a 
figure,  and  that  speaks  so  oddly  ? '  '  Who  else  should  he 
be,'  answered  the  barber,  '  but  the  famous  Don  Quixote 
of  the  Mancha,  the  righter  of  wrongs,  the  redresser  of 
injuries,  the  protector  of  damsels,  the  affrighter  of  giants, 
and  the  overcomer  of  battles  ? ' 

'  That  which  you  say  of  this  man,'  answered  the  goat- 
herd, '  is  very  like  that  which  in  books  of  chivalry  is 
written  of  knights-errant,  who  did  all  those  things  which 
you  apply  to  this  man  ;  and  yet  I  believe  that  either  you 
jest,  or  else  that  this  gentleman's  head  is  void  of  brains.' 

'  Thou  art  a  great  villain,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  thou 
art  he  whose  pate  wants  brains ;  for  mine  is  fuller  than  the 
very,  very  whore's  that  bore  thee '  ;  and,  saying  so,  and 
snatching  up  a  loaf  of  bread  that  stood  by  him,  he  raught 
the  goatherd  so  furious  a  blow  withal,  as  it  beat  his  nose 
flat  to  his  face ;  but  the  other,  who  was  not  acquainted 
with  such  jests,  and  saw  how  ill  he  was  handled,  without 
having  respect  to  the  carpet,  napkins,  or  those  that  were 
eating,  he  leaped  upon  Don  Quixote,  and,  taking  hold  of 
his  collar  with  both  the  hands,  would  certainly  have 
strangled  him,  if  Sancho  Panza  had  not  arrived  at  that 
very  instant,  and,  taking  him  fast  behind,  had  not  thrown 


Chap.  XXV  GOATHERD   AND   DON  171 

him  back  on  the  table,  crushing  dishes,  breaking  glasses, 
and  shedding  and  overthrowing  all  that  did  lie  upon  it. 
Don  Quixote,  seeing  himself  free,  returned  to  get  upon 
the  goatherd,  who,  all  besmeared  with  blood,  and  trampled 
to  pieces  under  Sancho's  feet,  groped  here  and  there, 
grovelling  as  he  was,  for  some  knife  or  other,  to  take  a 
bloody  revenge  withal,  but  the  canon  and  curate  prevented 
his  purpose ;  and  yet,  by  the  barber's  assistance,  he  got 
under  him  Don  Quixote,  on  whom  he  rained  such  a 
shower  of  buffets,  as  he  poured  as  much  blood  from  the 
poor  knight's  face  as  had  done  from  his  own.  The  canon 
and  curate  were  ready  to  burst  for  laughter ;  the  troopers 
danced  for  sport ;  every  one  hissed,  as  men  use  to  do  when 
dogs  fall  out,  and  quarrel  together  ;  only  Sancho  Panza 
was  wood,  because  he  could  not  get  from  one  of  the 
canon's  serving-men,  who  withheld  him  from  going  to 
help  his  master.  In  conclusion,  all  being  very  merry  save 
the  two  bufFetants,  that  tugged  one  another  extremely, 
they  heard  the  sound  of  a  trumpet,  so  doleful  as  it  made 
them  turn  their  faces  towards  that  part  from  whence  it 
seemed  to  come.  But  he  that  was  most  troubled  at  the 
noise  thereof  was  Don  Quixote,  who,  although  he  was 
under  the  goatherd  full  sore  against  his  will,  and  by  him 
exceedingly  bruised  and  battered,  yet  said  unto  him, 
'  Brother  devil  (for  it  is  impossible  that  thou  canst  be  any 
other,  seeing  that  thou  hast  had  valour  and  strength  to 
subject  my  forces),  I  pray  thee,  let  us  make  truce  for  one 
only  hour  ;  for  the  dolorous  sound  of  that  trumpet,  which 
toucheth  our  ears,  doth,  methinks,  invite  me  to  some  new 
adventure.'  The  goatherd,  who  was  weary  of  buffeting, 
and  being  beaten,  left  him  off  incontinently ;  and  Don 
Quixote  stood  up,  and  turned  himself  towards  the  place 
from  whence  he  imagined  the  noise  to  proceed ;  and 
presently  he  espied,  descending  from  a  certain  height, 
many  men  apparelled  in  white,  like  disciplinants.  The 
matter  indeed  was,  that  the  clouds  had  that  year  denied  to 
bestow  their  dew  on  the  earth,  and  therefore  they  did 
institute  rogations,  processions,  and  disciplines  throughout 
all  that  country,   to  desire  Almighty   God  to  open  the 


1/2  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

hands  of  His  mercy,  and  to  bestow  some  rain  upon  them ; 
and  to  this  effect,  the  people  of  a  village  near  unto  that 
place,  came  in  procession  to  a  devout  hermitage,  built  upon 
one  of  the  hills  that  environed  that  valley. 

Don  Quixote,  noting  the  strange  attire  of  the  disciplin- 
ants,  without  any  calling  to  memory  how  he  had  often 
seen  the  like  before,  did  forthwith  imagine  that  it  was  some 
new  adventure,  and  that  the  trial  thereof  only  appertained 
to  him,  as  to  a  knight-errant ;  and  this  his  presumption 
was  fortified  the  more,  by  believing  that  an  image  which 
they  carried,  all  covered  over  with  black,  was  some 
principal  lady  whom  those  miscreants  and  discourteous 
knights  did  bear  away  perforce.  And  as  soon  as  this  fell 
into  his  brain,  he  leaped  lightly  towards  Rozinante,  that 
went  feeding  up  and  down  the  plains,  and  dismounting 
from  his  pommel  the  bridle  and  his  target  that  hanged 
thereat  he  bridled  him  in  a  trice ;  and,  taking  his  sword 
from  Sancho,  got  instantly  upon  his  horse,  and  then,  em- 
bracing his  target,  said  in  a  loud  voice  to  all  those  that 
were  present :  '  You  shall  now  see,  O  valorous  company, 
how  important  a  thing  it  is  to  have  in  the  world  such 
knights  as  profess  the  order  of  chivalry-errant.  Now,  I 
say,  you  shall  discern,  by  the  freeing  of  that  good  lady,  who 
is  there  carried  captive  away,  whether  knights-adventurous 
are  to  be  held  in  price' ;  and,  saying  so,  he  struck  Rozinante 
with  his  heels  (for  spurs  he  had  none),  and  making  him  to 
gallop  (for  it  is  not  read  in  any  part  of  this  true  history 
that  Rozinante  did  ever  pass  one  formal  or  full  career),  he 
posted  to  encounter  the  disciplinants,  although  the  curate, 
canon,  and  barber  did  what  they  might  to  withhold  him ; 
but  all  was  not  possible,  and  much  less  could  he  be  detained 
by  these  outcries  of  Sancho,  saying,  'Whither  do  you  go, 
Sir  Don  Quixote  ?  What  devils  do  ye  bear  in  your  breast, 
that  incite  you  to  run  thus  against  the  Catholic  faith  ?  See, 
sir,  unfortunate  that  I  am  !  how  that  is  a  procession  of  disci- 
plinants, and  that  the  lady  whom  they  bear  is  the  blessed 
image  of  the  immaculate  Virgin.  Look,  sir,  what  you  do  ; 
for  at  this  time  it  may  well  be  said  that  you  are  not  you 
know  what.'    But  Sancho  laboured  in  vain  ;  for  his  lord  rode 


Chap.  XXV  THE   DISCIPLINANTS  173 

with  so  greedy  a  desire  to  encounter  the  white  men,  and 
deliver  the  mourning  lady,  as  he  heard  not  a  word,  and 
although  he  had,  yet  would  he  not  then  have  returned 
back  at  the  king's  commandment.  Being  come  at  last 
near  to  the  procession,  and  stopping  Rozinante  (who  had 
already  a  great  desire  to  rest  himself  a  while),  he  said,  with 
a  troubled  and  hoarse  voice,  ^  O  you  that  cover  your  faces, 
perhaps  because  you  are  not  good  men,  give  ear  and  listen 
to  what  I  shall  say.'  The  first  that  stood  at  this  alarm 
were  those  which  carried  the  image  ;  and  one  of  the  four 
priests  which  sung  the  litanies,  beholding  the  strange  shape 
of  Don  Quixote,  the  leanness  of  Rozinante,  and  other  circum- 
stances worthy  of  laughter,  which  he  noted  in  our  knight, 
returned  him  quickly  this  answer  :  '  Good  sir,  if  you  would 
say  anything  to  us,  say  it  instantly ;  for  these  honest  men, 
as  you  see,  are  toiled  extremely,  and  therefore  we  cannot, 
nor  is  it  reason  we  should,  stand  lingering  to  hear  anything, 
if  it  be  not  so  brief  as  it  may  be  delivered  in  two  words.* 
'  I  will  say  it  in  one,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  it  is  this  : 
that  you  do  forthwith  give  liberty  to  that  beautiful  lady, 
whose  tears  and  pitiful  semblance  clearly  denote  that  you 
carry  her  away  against  her  will,  and  have  done  her  some 
notable  injury  ;  and  I,  who  was  born  to  right  such  wrongs, 
will  not  permit  her  to  pass  one  step  forward,  until  she 
be  wholly  possessed  of  the  freedom  she  doth  so  much 
desire  and  deserve.'  All  those  that  overheard  Don 
Quixote  gathered  by  his  words  that  he  was  some  dis- 
tracted man,  and  therefore  began  to  laugh  very  heartily, 
which  laughing  seemed  to  add  gunpowder  to  his  choler ; 
for,  laying  his  hand  on  his  sword,  without  any  more 
words,  he  presently  assaulted  the  image-carriers  ;  one 
whereof,  leaving  the  charge  of  the  burden  to  his  fellows, 
came  out  to  encounter  the  knight  with  a  wooden  fork 
(whereon  he  supported  the  bier  whensoever  they  made  a 
stand),  and  receiving  upon  it  a  great  blow  which  Don 
Quixote  discharged  at  him,  it  parted  the  fork  in  two  ;  and 
yet  he  with  the  piece  that  remained  in  his  hand,  returned 
the  knight  such  a  thwack  upon  the  shoulder,  on  the  sword 
side,  as  his  target  not  being  able  to  make  resistance  against 


174  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

that  rustic  force,  poor  Don   Quixote  was  overthrown  to 
the  ground,  and  extremely  bruised. 

Sancho  Panza,  who  had  followed  him  puffing  and 
blowing  as  fast  as  he  could,  seeing  him  overthrown,  cried 
to  his  adversary  that  he  should  strike  no  more  ;  for  he 
was  a  poor  enchanted  knight,  that  had  never  all  the  days 
of  his  life  done  any  man  harm  ;  but  that  which  detained 
the  swain  was  not  Sancho's  outcries,  but  to  see  that  Don 
Quixote  stirred  neither  hand  nor  foot  ;  and  therefore, 
believing  that  he  had  slain  him,  he  tucked  up  his  coat  to 
his  girdle  as  soon  as  he  could,  and  fled  away  through  the 
fields  like  a  deer.  In  the  meanwhile  Don  Quixote's 
companions  did  hasten  to  the  place  where  he  lay,  when 
those  of  the  procession  seeing  them  (but  principally  the 
troopers  of  the  Holy  Brotherhood,  with  their  crossbows) 
run  towards  them,  did  fear  some  disastrous  success  ;  and 
therefore  they  gathered  together  in  a  troop  about  the 
image,  and,  lifting  up  their  hoods  and  laying  fast  hold  on 
their  whips,  and  the  priests  on  their  tapers,  they  awaited 
the  assault,  with  resolution  both  to  defend  themselves,  and 
offend  the  assailants  if  they  might.  But  fortune  disposed 
the  matter  better  than  they  expected  ;  for  Sancho  did 
nothing  else  than  throw  himself  on  his  lord's  body, 
making  over  him  the  most  dolorous  and  ridiculous 
lamentation  of  the  world,  and  believing  that  he  was  dead. 
The  curate  was  known  by  the  other  curate  that  came  in 
the  procession,  and  their  acquaintance  appeased  the  con- 
ceived fear  of  the  two  squadrons.  The  first  curate,  in  two 
words,  told  the  other  what  Don  Quixote  was  ;  and  there- 
fore he,  and  all  the  crew  of  the  disciplinants,  went  over  to 
see  whether  the  poor  knight  were  dead  or  alive  ;  and  then 
might  hear  Sancho  Panza,  with  the  tears  in  his  eyes, 
bewailing  him  in  this  manner  :  '  O  flower  of  chivalry, 
who  hast  with  one  blow  alone  ended  the  career  of  thy  so 
well  bestowed  peers !  O  renown  of  this  lineage,  the 
honour  and  glory  of  all  the  Mancha  !  yea,  and  of  all  the 
world  beside  !  which,  seeing  it  wanteth  thee,  shall  remain 
full  of  miscreants,  secure  from  being  punished  for  their 
misdeeds  !     O  liberal  beyond  all  Alexanders,  seeing  thou 


Chap.  XXV  THE   RETURN   HOME  175 

hast  given  me  only  for  eight  months'  service  the  best 
island  that  the  sea  doth  compass  or  engirt !  O  humbler 
of  the  proud,  and  stately  to  the  humbled,  undertaker  of 
perils,  endurer  of  affronts,  enamoured  without  cause, 
imitator  of  good  men,  whip  of  the  evil,  enemy  of  the 
wicked,  and,  in  conclusion,  knight-errant,  than  which  no 
greater  thing  may  be  said  !  ' 

Don  Quixote  was  called  again  to  himself  by  Sancho  his 
outcries,  and  then  the  first  word  that  ever  he  spake  was : 
'  He  that  lives  absented  from  thee,  most  sweet  Dulcinea,  is 
subject  to  greater  miseries  than  this  !  Help  me,  friend 
Sancho,  to  get  up  into  the  enchanted  chariot  again  ;  for  I 
am  not  in  plight  to  oppress  Rozinante's  saddle,  having 
this  shoulder  broken  all  into  pieces/  ^  That  I  will  do 
with  a  very  good  will,  my  dear  lord,'  replied  the  squire ; 
*  and  let  us  return  to  my  village  with  those  gentlemen, 
which  desire  your  welfare  so  much ;  and  there  we  will  take 
order  for  some  other  voyage,  which  may  be  more  profitable 
and  famous  than  this  hath  been/  '  Thou  speakest  reason- 
able, Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote ;  *  and  it  will  be  a  great 
wisdom  to  let  overpass  the  cross  aspect  of  those  planets 
that  reign  at  this  present.'  The  canon,  curate,  and  barber 
commended  his  resolution ;  and  so,  having  taken  delight 
enough  in  Sancho  Panza's  simplicity,  they  placed  Don 
Quixote,  as  before,  in  the  team.  The  processioners 
returning  into  their  former  order,  did  prosecute  their 
way.  The  goatherd  took  leave  of  them  all.  The  troopers 
would  not  ride  any  farther ;  and  therefore  the  curate 
satisfied  them  for  the  pains  they  had  taken.  The  canon 
entreated  the  curate  to  let  him  understand  all  that 
succeeded  of  Don  Quixote,  to  wit,  whether  he  amended 
of  his  frenzy  or  grew  more  distracted ;  and  then  he 
took  leave  to  continue  his  journey.  Lastly,  all  of  them 
departed ;  the  curate,  barber,  Don  Quixote,  Sancho  Panza, 
and  the  good  Rozinante  only  remaining  behind.  Then 
the  wainman  yoked  his  oxen,  and  accommodated  the 
knight  on  a  bottle  of  hay,  and  afterwards  followed  on  in 
his  wonted  [s]low  manner,  that  way  which  the  curate 
directed.     At  the  end  of  two  days  they  arrived  to  Don 


176  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Quixote's  village,  into  which  they  entered  about  noon. 
This  befel  on  a  Sunday,  when  all  the  people  were  in  the 
market-sted,  through  the  middle  whereof  Don  Quixote's 
cart  did  pass :  all  of  them  drew  near  to  see  what  came  in 
it,  and  when  they  knew  their  countryman  they  were 
marvellously  astonished  ;  the  whilst  a  little  boy  ran 
home  before,  to  tell  the  old  wife  and  the  knight's  niece 
that  their  lord  and  uncle  was  returned,  very  lean,  pale, 
disfigured,  and  stretched  aU  along  on  a  bundle  of  hay. 

It  would  have  moved  one  to  compassion  to  have  heard 
the  lamentations  and  outcries  then  raised  by  the  two  good 
women,  the  blows  they  gave  themselves,  and  the  curses 
and  execrations  which  they  poured  out  against  all  books  of 
knighthood ;  all  which  was  again  renewed  when  they  saw 
Don  Quixote  himself  entered  in  at  their  doors.  At  the 
news  of  this  his  arrival,  Sancho  Panza's  wife  repaired  also 
to  get  some  tidings  of  her  goodman ;  for  she  had  learned 
that  he  was  gone  away  with  the  knight,  to  serve  him  as 
his  squire ;  and  as  soon  as  ever  she  saw  her  husband,  the 
question  she  asked  him  was,  whether  the  ass  were  in  health 
or  no  ?  Sancho  answered  that  he  was  come  in  better 
health  than  his  master.  '  God  be  thanked,'  quoth  she, 
'  who  hath  done  me  so  great  a  favour ;  but  tell  me  now, 
friend,  what  profit  hast  thou  reaped  by  this  thy  squireship  ? 
What  petticoat  hast  thou  brought  me  home  ?  What  shoes 
for  thy  little  boys  ?'  'I  bring  none  of  these  things,  good 
wife,'  quoth  Sancho ;  '  although  I  bring  other  things  of 
more  moment  and  estimation.'  '  I  am  very  glad  of  that,' 
quoth  his  wife :  *  show  me  those  things  of  more  moment 
and  estimation,  good  friend ;  for  I  would  fain  see  them,  to 
the  end  that  this  heart  of  mine  may  be  cheered,  which 
hath  been  so  swollen  and  sorrowful  all  the  time  of  thine 
absence.'  '  Thou  shalt  see  them  at  home,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  and  therefore  rest  satisfied  for  this  time ;  for  and  it  please 
God  that  we  travel  once  again  to  seek  adventures,  thou 
shalt  see  me  shortly  after  an  earl  or  governor  of  an  island, 
and  that  not  of  every  ordinary  one  neither,  but  of  one  of 
the  best  in  the  world.'  '  I  pray  God,  husband,  it  may  be 
so,'  replied  she,  *  for  we  have  very  great  need  of  it.     But 


Chap.  XXV  THE   RETURN    HOME  177 

what  means  that  island  ?  for  I  understand  not  the  word/ 
'  Honey  is  not  made  for  the  ass's  mouth/  quoth  Sancho  ; 
'  wife,  thou  shalt  know  it  in  good  time,  yea,  and  shalt 
wonder  to  hear  the  title  of  ladyship  given  thee  by  all  thy 
vassals.'  '  What  is  that  thou  speakest,  Sancho,  of  lord- 
ships, islands,  and  vassals  ? '  answered  Joan  Panza  (for  so 
was  she  called,  although  her  husband  and  she  were  not 
kinsfolk,  but  by  reason  that  in  the  Mancha  the  wives  are 
usually  called  after  their  husband's  surname).  '  Do  not 
busy  thyself,  Joan,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  to  know  these  things 
on  such  a  sudden  ;  let  it  suffice  that  I  tell  thee  the  truth, 
and  therewithal  sew  up  thy  mouth.  I  will  only  say  thus 
much  unto  thee,  as  it  were  by  the  way,  that  there  is 
nothing  in  the  world  so  pleasant  as  for  an  honest  man  to 
be  the  squire  of  a  knight-errant  that  seeks  adventures. 
It  is  very  true  that  the  greatest  number  of  adventures 
found  out  succeeded  not  to  a  man's  satisfaction  so  much 
as  he  would  desire ;  for  of  a  hundred  that  are  encountered, 
the  ninety-and-nine  are  wont  to  be  cross  and  untoward 
ones.  I  know  it  by  experience,  for  I  have  come  away 
myself  out  of  some  of  them  well  canvassed,  and  out  of 
others  well  beaten.  But  yet,  for  all  that,  it  is  a  fine  thing 
to  expect  events,  traverse  groves,  search  woods,  tread  on 
rocks,  visit  castles,  and  lodge  in  inns  at  a  man's  pleasure, 
without  paying  the  devil  a  cross.' 

All  these  discourses  passed  between  Sancho  Panza  and 
his  wife  Joan  Panza  whilst  the  old  woman  and  Don 
Quixote's  niece  did  receive  him,  put  off  his  clothes,  and 
lay  him  down  in  his  ancient  bed  :  he  looked  upon  them 
very  earnestly,  and  could  not  conjecture  where  he  was. 
The  curate  charged  the  niece  to  cherish  her  uncle  very 
carefully,  and  that  they  should  look  well  that  he  made  not 
the  third  escape,  relating  at  large  all  the  ado  that  they  had 
to  bring  him  home.  Here  both  the  women  renewed 
their  exclamations  ;  their  execrations  of  all  books  of 
knighthood  here  came  to  be  reiterated  ;  here  they 
besought  Heaven  to  throw  down,  into  the  very  centre 
of  the  bottomless  pit  the  authors  of  so  many  lies  and 
ravings  ;   finally,  they  remained   perplexed  and   timorous 

II.  M 


178  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

that  they  should  lose  again  their  master  and  uncle,  as  soon 
as  he  was  anything  recovered  :  and  it  befel  just  as  they 
suspected  ;  but  the  author  of  this  history,  although  he 
have  with  all  diligence  and  curiosity  inquired  after  the 
acts  achieved  by  Don  Quixote  in  his  third  sally  to  seek 
adventures,  yet  could  he  never  attain,  at  least  by  authentic 
writings,  to  any  notice  of  them  :  only  fame  hath  left  in  the 
memories  of  the  Mancha,  that  Don  Quixote  after  his  third 
escape  was  at  Saragossa,  and  present  at  certain  famous  jousts 
made  in  that  city,  and  that  therein  befel  him  events  most 
worthy  of  his  valour  and  good  wit ;  but  of  his  end  he 
could  find  nothing,  nor  ever  should  have  known  aught,  if 
good  fortune  had  not  offered  to  his  view  an  old  physician, 
who  had  in  his  custody  a  leaden  box,  which,  as  he  affirmed, 
was  found  in  the  ruins  of  an  old  hermitage  as  it  was 
a-repairing  ;  in  which  box  were  certain  scrolls  of  parch- 
ment written  with  Gothical  characters,  but  containing 
Castilian  verses,  which  comprehended  many  of  his  acts, 
and  specified  Dulcinea  of  Toboso  her  beauty,  deciphered 
Rozinante,  and  entreated  of  Sancho  Panza's  fidelity,  as 
also  of  Don  Quixote's  sepulchre,  with  sundry  epitaphs  and 
elogies  of  his  life  and  manners  ;  and  those  that  could  be 
read  and  copied  out  thoroughly  were  those  that  are  here 
set  down  by  the  faithful  author  of  this  new  and  unmatched 
relation  ;  which  author  demands  of  the  readers  no  other 
guerdon  in  regard  of  his  huge  travel  spent  in  the  search  of 
all  the  old  records  of  the  Mancha,  for  the  bringing  thereof 
unto  light,  but  that  they  will  deign  to  afford  it  as  much 
credit  as  discreet  men  are  wont  to  give  unto  books  of 
knighthood,  which  are  of  so  great  reputation  now-a-days 
in  the  world  ;  for  herewith  he  will  rest  most  fully  con- 
tented and  satisfied,  and  withal  encouraged  to  publish  and 
seek  out  for  other  discourses,  if  not  altogether  so  true  as 
this,  at  least  of  as  great  both  invention  and  recreation. 
The  first  words  written  in  the  scroll  of  parchment,  that 
was  found  in  the  leaden  box,  were  these. 


Chap.  XXV       EPITAPHS   AND   EULOGIES  179 


THE  ACADEMICS  OF  ARGAMASILLA,  A  TOWN  OF  THE 
MANCHA,  ON  THE  LIFE  AND  DEATH  OF  THE 
VALOROUS  DON  QUIXOTE  OF  THE  MANCHA  :  HOC 
SCRIPSERUNT. 

An  Epitaph  of  Monicongo,  the  Academic  of  Argamasilla,  to 
Don  Ouixote's  Sepulchre. 

The  clatt'ring  thunderbolt  that  did  adorn 

The  Mancha,  with  more  spoils  than  Jason  Crete  ; 
The  wit,  whose  weathercock  was  sharp  as  thorn, 

When  somewhat  flatter  it  to  be  was  meet ; 
The  arm  which  did  his  power  so  much  dilate, 

As  it  Gaeta  and  Cathay  did  retch  ; 
The  dreadfull'st  muse,  and  eke  discreetest,  that 

In  brazen  sheets  did  praises  ever  stretch ; 
He  that  the  Amadises  left  behind, 

And  held  the  Galaors  but  in  small  esteem. 
Both  for  his  bravery  and  his  loving  mind  ; 

He  dumb  that  made  Don  Belianis  to  seem  ; 
And  he  that  far  on  Rozinante  err'd. 
Under  this  frozen  stone  doth  lie  interr'd. 


Paniagando,  an  Academic  of  Argamasilla,  in  Praise  of 

DuLCINEA   of  ToBOSO. 


sonnet. 


She  which  you  view,  with  triple  face  and  sheen, 

High-breasted  and  courageous,  like  a  man, 
Is  tall  Dulcinea,  of  Toboso  queen; 

Of  great  Quixote  well-beloved  than. 
He,  for  her  sake,  treads  the  one  and  the  other  side 

Of  the  brown  mountain,  and  the  famous  fields 
Of  Montiel  and  Aranjuez  so  wide, 

On  foot,  all  tired,  loaden  with  spear  and  shield 
(The  fault  was  Rozinante's).     O  hard  star  ! 

That  this  Manchegan  dame  and  worthy  knight, 
In  tender  years,  when  people  strongest  are, 

She  lost  by  death  the  glimpse  of  beauty  bright ; 
And  he,  although  in  marble  richly  done. 
Yet  love's  wrath  and  deceits  she  could  not  shun. 


i8o  DON   QUIXOTE  Book  IV 

Caprichioso,  the  most  Ingenious  Academic  of  Argamasilla,  in 
Praise  of  Rozinante,  Don  Quixote  his  Steed. 

SONNET. 

Into  the  proud  erected  diamond  stock, 
Which  Mars  with  bloody  plants  so  often  bored, 
Half  wood  with  valour,  the  Manchegan  stuck 
His  wav'ring  standard  ;  and  his  arms  restored  : 
For  them  thereon  he  hung,  and  his  bright  sword. 
Wherewith  he  hacks,  rents,  parts,  and  overthrows 
(New  prowesses),  to  which  art  must  afford 
New  styles  on  this  new  Palatine  to  gloze. 
And  if  Gaul  much  her  Amadis  doth  prize, 
Whose  brave  descendants  have  illustred  Greece, 
And  filled  it  full  of  trophies  and  of  fame  : 
Much  more  Bellona's  court  doth  solemnise 
Quixote,  whose  like  in  Gaul  or  Grecia  is  ; 
So  honoured  none  as  in  Mancha  his  name. 
Let  no  oblivion  his  glory  stain. 
Seeing  in  swiftness  Rozinante  his  steed 
Even  Bayard  doth,  and  Briliador  exceed. 


BuRLADOR,  Academic  of  Argamasilla,  to  Sancho  Panza. 


SONNET. 


This  Sancho  Panza  is  of  body  little ; 

But  yet,  O  miracle  !   in  valour  great  ; 

The  simplest  squire,  and,  sooth  to  say,  least  subtle 

That  in  this  world,  I  swear,  lived  ever  yet. 

From  being  an  earl,  he  scarce  was  a  thread's  breadth. 

Had  not  at  once  conspired  to  cross  his  guerdon 

The  malice  of  the  times,  and  men  misled, 

Which  scarce,  an  ass  encount'ring,  would  him  pardon. 

Upon  the  like  he  rode :  Oh,  give  me  leave 

To  tell  how  this  meek  squire  after  the  horse 

Mild  Rozinante,  and  his  lord,  did  drive  ! 

Oh,  then,  vain  hopes  of  men  !   what  thing  is  worse  r 

Which  proves  us,  desired  ease  to  lend, 

Yet  do  at  last  in  smokes  our  glories  end. 


Chachidiablo,  Academic  of  Argamasilla,  on  Don  Ouixote  his  Tomb. 


AN    EPITAPH. 


The  worthy  knight  lies  there, 
Well  bruised,  but  evil-andant, 


Chap.  XXV       EPITAPHS   AND   EULOGIES  i8i 

Who,  borne  on  Rozinante, 
Rode  ways  both  far  and  near. 
Sancho,  his  faithful  squire, 
Panza  yclept  also, 
Lieth  beside  him  too ; 
In  his  trade  without  peer. 


TiQuiToc,  Academic  of  Argamasiula,  on  Dulcinea  of 
ToBoso's  Sepulchre. 

AN    EPITAPH. 

Dulcinea  here  beneath 
Lies,  though  of  flesh  so  round, 
To  dust  and  ashes  ground 
By  foul  and  ugly  death. 
She  was  of  gentle  breath, 
And  somewhat  like  a  dame. 
Being  great  Quixote's  flame, 
And  her  town's  glory,  eath. 

These  were  the  verses  that  could  be  read.  As  for  the 
rest,  in  respect  that  they  were  half  consumed  and  eaten 
away  by  time,  they  were  delivered  to  a  scholar,  that  he 
might  by  conjectures  declare  their  meaning  ;  and  we  have 
had  intelligence  that  he  hath  done  it,  with  the  cost  of 
many  nights'  watching  and  other  great  pains,  and  that  he 
means  to  publish  them,  and  also  gives  hope  of  a  third  sally 
made  by  Don  Quixote. 


THE   HISTORY   OF  THE 

VALOROUS    AND    WITTY    KNIGHT-ERRANT 

DON   QUIXOTE   OF   THE   MANCHA 

THE  SECOND  PJRT 


THE  AUTHOR'S  PROLOGUE  TO  THE  READER 


Now  God  defend,  reader,  noble  or  plebeian,  whatever  thou 
art !  how  earnestly  must  thou  needs  by  this  time  expect 
this  prologue,  supposing  that  thou  must  find  in  it  nothing 
but  revenge,  brawling,  and  railing  upon  the  author  of  the 
Second  Don  Quixote,  of  whom  I  only  say  as  others  say, 
that  he  was  begot  in  Tordesillas,  and  born  in  Tarragona  ! 
The  truth  is,  herein  I  mean  not  to  give  thee  content.  Let 
it  be  never  so  general  a  rule  that  injuries  awaken  and  rouse 
up  choler  in  humble  breasts,  yet  in  mine  must  this  rule 
admit  an  exception.  Thou,  it  may  be,  wouldst  have  me 
be-ass  him,  be-madman  him,  and  be-fool  him ;  but  no 
such  matter  can  enter  into  my  thought  ;  no,  let  his  own 
rod  whip  him  ;  as  he  hath  brewed,  so  let  him  bake  ;  else- 
where he  shall  have  it  :  and  yet  there  is  somewhat  which  I 
cannot  but  resent,  and  that  is,  that  he  exprobates  unto  me 
my  age  and  my  maim,^  as  if  it  had  been  in  my  power  to 
hold  time  back,  that  so  it  should  not  pass  upon  me,  or  if  my 
maim  had  befallen  me  in  a  tavern,  and  not  upon  the  most 
famous  occasion  which  either  the  ages  past  or  present  have 
seen  2  nor  may  the  times  to  come  look  for  the  like.  If  my 
wounds  shine  not  in  the  eyes  of  such  as  behold  them,  yet 
shall  they  be  esteemed  at  least  in  the  judgment  of  such  as 
know  how  they  were  gotten.  A  soldier  had  rather  be 
dead  in  the  battle  than  free  by  running  away  ;  and  so  is  it 
with  me,  that  should  men  set  before  me  and  facilitate  an 
impossibility,  I  should  rather  have  desired  to  have  been  in 

^He  lost  one  of  his  hands.  2^^  l-}ie  battle  of  Lepanto. 

185 


i86  DON   QUIXOTE 

that  prodigious  action  than  now  to  be  in  a  whole  skin  free 
from  my  scars  for  not  having  been  in  it.  The  scars  which 
a  soldier  shows  in  his  face  and  breast  are  stars  which  lead 
others  to  the  heaven  of  honour,  and  to  the  desire  of  just 
praise  :  and  beside,  it  may  be  noted  that  it  is  not  so  much 
men's  pens  which  write  as  their  judgments  ;  and  these  use 
to  be  bettered  with  years.  Nor  am  I  insensible  of  his 
calling  me  envious,  and  describing  me  as  an  ignorant. 
What  envy  may  be,  I  vow  seriously  that,  of  those  two 
sorts  that  are,  I  skill  not  but  of  that  holy,  noble,  and 
ingenious  envy,  which  being  so  as  it  is,  I  have  no  meaning 
to  abuse  any  priest,  especially  if  he  hath  annexed  unto 
him  the  title  of  Familiar  of  the  Inquisition  :  and  if  he  said 
so,  as  it  seems  by  this  second  author  that  he  did,  he  is 
utterly  deceived  ;  for  I  adore  his  wit,  admire  his  works  and 
his  continual  virtuous  employment.  And  yet  in  effect  I 
cannot  but  thank  this  sweet  signior  author  for  saying  that 
my  novels  are  more  satiric  than  exemplar  ;  and  that  yet 
they  are  good,  which  they  could  not  be  were  they  not 
so  quite  thorough.  It  seems  thou  tellest  me  that  I  write 
somewhat  limited  and  obscurely,  and  contain  myself  within 
the  bounds  of  my  modesty,  as  knowing  that  a  man  ought 
not  add  misery  to  him  that  is  afflicted,  which  doubtless 
must  needs  be  very  great  in  this  signior,  since  he  dares  not 
appear  in  open  field  in  the  light,  but  conceals  his  name, 
feigns  his  country,  as  if  he  had  committed  some  treason 
against  his  King.  Well,  if  thou  chance  to  light  upon  him 
and  know  him,  tell  him  from  me  that  I  hold  myself  no 
whit  aggrieved  at  him  ;  for  I  well  know  what  the  temp- 
tations of  the  devil  are  ;  and  one  of  the  greatest  is  when  he 
puts  into  a  man's  head  that  he  is  able  to  compose  and 
print  a  book,  whereby  he  shall  gain  as  much  fame  as  money, 
and  as  much  money  as  fame  ;  for  confirmation  hereof,  I 
entreat  thee,  when  thou  art  disposed  to  be  merry  and 
pleasant,  to  tell  him  this  tale. 

There  was  a  madman  in  Seville  which  hit  upon  one  of 
the  prettiest  absurd  tricks  that  ever  madman  in  this  world 
lighted  on,  which  was  :  he  made  him  a  cane  sharp  at  one 
end,  and  then  catching  a  dog  in  the  street,  or  elsewhere,  he 


AUTHOR'S   PROLOGUE  187 

held  fast  one  of  the  dog's  legs  under  his  foot,  and  the 
other  he  held  up  with  his  hand.  Then,  fitting  his  cane  as 
well  as  he  could  behind,  he  fell  a-blowing  till  he  made  the 
dog  as  round  as  a  ball  ;  and  then,  holding  him  still  in  the 
same  manner,  he  gave  him  two  claps  with  his  hand  on  the 
belly,  and  so  let  him  go,  saying  to  those  which  stood  by 
(which  always  were  many),  '  How  think  you,  my  masters, 
is  it  a  small  matter  to  blow  up  a  dog  like  a  bladder  ? ' 
And  how  think  you,  is  it  a  small  matter  to  make  a  book  ? 
If  this  tale  should  not  fit  him,  then,  good  reader,  tell  him 
this  other,  for  this  also  is  of  a  madman  and  a  dog.  In 
Cordova  was  another  madman,  which  was  wont  to  carry 
on  his  head  a  huge  piece  of  marble,  not  of  the  lightest, 
who,  meeting  a  masterless  dog,  would  stalk  up  close  to 
him,  and  on  a  sudden  down  with  his  burden  upon  him  ; 
the  dog  would  presently  yearn,  and  barking  and  yelling 
run  away  ;  three  streets  could  not  hold  him.  It  fell  out 
afterwards,  among  other  dogs  upon  whom  he  let  fall  his 
load,  there  was  a  capper's  dog,  which  his  master  made 
great  account  of,  upon  whom  he  let  down  his  great  stone 
and  took  him  full  on  the  head  :  the  poor  battered  cur 
cries  pitifully ;  his  master  spies  it,  and,  affected  with  it, 
gets  a  meteyard,  assaults  the  madman,  and  leaves  him  not 
a  whole  bone  in  his  skin  ;  and  at  every  blow  that  he  gave 
him  he  cries  out,  '  Thou  dog,  thou  thief !  my  spaniel ! 
Saw'st  thou  not,  thou  cruel  villain,  that  my  dog  was  a 
spaniel  ? '  And  ever  and  anon  repeating  still  '  his  spaniel,' 
he  sent  away  the  madman  all  black  and  blue.  The  mad- 
man was  terribly  scared  herewith,  but  got  away,  and  for 
more  than  a  month  after  never  came  abroad  :  at  last  out 
he  comes  with  his  invention  again,  and  a  bigger  load  than 
before  ;  and  coming  where  the  dog  stood,  viewing  him 
over  and  over  again  very  heedily,  he  had  no  mind,  he  durst 
not  let  go  the  stone,  but  only  said,  '  Take  heed,  this  is  a 
spaniel.'  In  fine,  whatsoever  dogs  he  met,  though  they 
were  mastiffs  or  fisting-hounds,  he  still  said  they  were 
spaniels.  So  that  after  that  he  never  durst  throw  his  great 
stone  any  more.  And  who  knows  but  the  same  may  befal 
this  our  historian,  that  he  will  no  more  let  fall  the  weight 


1 88  DON   QUIXOTE 

of  his  wit  in  books  ?  for  in  being  naught,  they  are  harder 
than  rocks. 

Tell  him  too,  that  for  his  menacing  that  with  his  book 
he  will  take  away  all  my  gain,  I  care  not  a  straw  for  him  ; 
but,  betaking  myself  to  the  famous  interlude  of  Peren- 
denga,  I  answer  him,  '  Let  the  old  man  my  master  live, 
and  Christ  be  with  us  all/  Long  live  the  great  Conde  de 
Lemos,  whose  Christianity  and  well-known  liberality 
against  all  the  blows  of  my  short  fortune  keeps  me  on 
foot ;  and  long  live  that  eminent  charity  of  the  Cardinal 
of  Toledo,  Don  Bernardo  de  Sandoval  y  Rojus  !  Were 
there  no  printing  in  the  world,  or  were  there  as  many 
books  printed  against  me  as  there  are  letters  in  the  rhymes 
of  Mingo  Revulgo,  those  two  princes,  without  any  solici- 
tation of  flattery  or  any  other  kind  of  applause,  of  their 
sole  bounty  have  taken  upon  them  to  do  me  good,  and  to 
favour  me  ;  wherein  I  account  myself  more  happy  and 
rich  than  if  Fortune,  by  some  other  ordinary  way,  had 
raised  me  to  her  highest  honour.  A  poor  man  may  have 
it,  but  a  vicious  man  cannot.  Poverty  may  cast  a  mist 
upon  nobleness,  but  cannot  altogether  obscure  it ;  but,  as 
the  glimmering  of  any  light  of  itself,  though  but  through 
narrow  chinks  and  crannies,  comes  to  be  esteemed  by  high 
and  noble  spirits,  and  consequently  favoured.  Say  no 
more  to  him,  nor  will  I  say  any  more  to  thee  ;  but  only 
advertise  that  thou  consider  that  this  Second  Fart  of  Don 
^ixote^  which  I  offer  thee,  is  framed  by  the  same  art  and 
cut  out  of  the  same  cloth  that  the  first  was.  In  it  I 
present  thee  with  Don  Quixote  enlarged,  and  at  last  dead 
and  buried,  that  so  no  man  presume  to  raise  any  further 
reports  of  him  ;  those  that  are  past  are  enow  ;  and  let  it 
suffice  that  an  honest  man  may  have  given  notice  of  these 
discreet  follies,  with  purpose  not  to  enter  into  them  any 
more.  For  plenty  of  anything,  though  never  so  good, 
makes  it  less  esteemed  ;  and  scarcity,  though  of  evil 
things,  makes  them  somewhat  accounted  of.  I  forgot  to 
tell  thee  that  thou  mayst  expect  Persiles^  which  I  am  now 
about  to  finish  ;  as  also  the  Second  Part  of  Galatea. 


THE   HISTORY   OF   THE 

VALOROUS    AND     WITTY     KNIGHT-ERRANT 

DON   QUIXOTE   OF   THE   MANCHA 

THE  SECOND    PART 


CHAPTER  I 

How  the  Vicar  and  the  Barber  passed  their  Time  with  Don 
Quixote^  touching  his  Infirmity 

CiD  Hamet  Benengeli  tells  us  in  the  Second  Part  of 
this  History,  and  Don  Quixote  his  third  sally,  that  the 
vicar  and  barber  were  almost  a  whole  month  without 
seeing  him,  because  they  would  not  renew  and  bring  to 
his  remembrance  things  done  and  past.  Notwithstanding, 
they  forbore  not  to  visit  his  niece  and  the  old  woman, 
charging  them  they  should  be  careful  to  cherish  him,  and 
to  give  him  comforting  meats  to  eat,  good  for  his  heart 
and  brain,  from  whence  in  likelihood  all  his  ill  proceeded. 
They  answered  that  they  did  so,  and  would  do  it,  with  all 
possible  love  and  care,  for  they  perceived  that  their  master 
continually  gave  signs  of  being  in  his  entire  judgment ;  at 
which  the  two  received  great  joy,  and  thought  they  took 
the  right  course  when  they  brought  him  enchanted  in  the 
ox-wain  (as  hath  been  declared  in  the  First  Part  of  this  so 
famous  as  punctual  History).  So  they  determined  to  visit 
him,  and  make  some  trial  of  his  amendment,  which  they 

189 


190  DON  QUIXOTE  Part  II 

thought  was  impossible ;  and  agreed  not  to  touch  upon 
any  point  of  knight-errantry,  because  they  would  not 
endanger  the  ripping  up  of  a  sore  whose  stitches  made  it 
yet  tender. 

At  length  they  visited  him,  whom  they  found  set  up  in 
his  bed,  clad  in  a  waistcoat  of  green  baize,  on  his  head  a 
red  Toledo  bonnet,  so  dried  and  withered  up  as  if  his  flesh 
had  been  mummied.  He  welcomed  them,  and  they  asked 
him  touching  his  health  :  of  it  and  himself  he  gave  them 
good  account,  with  much  judgment  and  elegant  phrase, 
and  in  process  of  discourse  they  fell  into  State  matters, 
and  manner  of  government,  correcting  this  abuse  and 
condemning  that ;  reforming  one  custom  and  rejecting 
another,  each  of  the  three  making  himself  a  new  law- 
maker, a  modern  Lycurgus,  and  a  spick-and-span  new 
Solon ;  and  they  so  refined  the  Commonwealth  as  if  they 
had  clapped  it  into  a  forge,  and  drawn  it  out  in  another 
fashion  than  they  had  put  it  in.  Don  Quixote  in  all  was 
so  discreet  that  the  two  examiners  undoubtedly  believed  he 
was  quite  well  and  in  his  right  mind.  The  niece  and  the 
old  woman  were  present  at  this  discourse,  and  could  never 
give  God  thanks  enough,  when  they  saw  their  master  with 
so  good  understanding.  But  the  vicar,  changing  his  first 
intent,  which  was  not  to  meddle  in  matters  of  cavallery, 
would  now  make  a  thorough  trial  of  Don  Quixote's  perfect 
recovery ;  and  so  now  and  then  tells  him  news  from 
court,  and,  amongst  others,  that  it  was  given  out  for 
certain  that  the  Turk  was  come  down  with  a  powerful 
army,  that  his  design  was  not  known,  nor  where  such 
a  cloud  would  discharge  itself,  and  that  all  Christendom 
was  affrighted  with  this  terror  he  puts  us  in  with  his 
yearly  alarm;  likewise,  that  his  Majesty  had  made  strong 
the  coasts  of  Naples,  Sicily,  and  Malta.  To  this  said 
Don  Quixote,  '  His  Majesty  hath  done  like  a  most 
politic  warrior,  in  looking  to  his  dominions  in  time,  lest  the 
enemy  might  take  him  at  unawares ;  but,  if  my  counsel 
might  prevail,  I  would  advise  him  to  use  a  prevention 
which  he  is  far  from  thinking  on  at  present.'  The  vicar 
scarce  heard  this,   when   he  thought  with  himself,  *  God 


Chap.  I  DON   QUIXOTFS   ADVICE  191 

defend  thee,  poor  Don  Quixote !  for  methinks  thou  fallest 
headlong  from  the  high-top  of  thy  madness  into  the  pro- 
found bottom  of  thy  simplicity/  But  the  barber  presently, 
being  of  the  vicar's  mind,  asks  Don  Quixote  what  advice 
it  was  he  would  give;  'for  peradventure,'  said  he,  'it  is 
such  an  one  as  may  be  put  in  the  roll  of  those  many  idle 
ones  that  are  usually  given  to  princes.'  'Mine,  goodman 
shaver,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'is  no  such.'  'I  spoke  not 
to  that  intent,'  replied  the  barber,  '  but  that  it  is  commonly 
seen  that  all  or  the  most  of  your  projects  that  are  given  to 
his  Majesty  are  either  impossible  or  frivolous,  either  in 
detriment  of  the  king  or  kingdom.'  '  Well,  mine,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  'is  neither  impossible  nor  frivolous, 
but  the  plainest,  the  just  est,  the  most  manageable  and  com- 
pendious that  may  be  contained  in  the  thought  of  any 
projector.'  '  You  are  long  a-telling  us  it,  Master  Don 
Quixote,'  said  the  vicar.  'I  would  not,'  replied  he,  'tell 
it  you  here  now,  that  it  should  be  early  to-morrow  in  the 
ears  of  some  privy  councillor,  and  that  another  should  reap 
the  praise  and  reward  of  my  labour.'  '  For  me,'  quoth  the 
barber,  'I  pass  my  word,  here  and  before  God,  to  tell 
neither  king  nor  keisar,  nor  any  earthly  man,  what  you 
say, — an  oath  learned  out  of  the  Ballad  of  the  Vicar,  in  the 
Preface  whereof  he  told  the  king  of  the  thief  that  robbed 
him  of  his  two  hundred  double  pistolets  and  his  gadding 
mule.'  'I  know  not  your  histories,'  said  Don  Quixote; 
'  but  I  presume  the  oath  is  good,  because  master  barber 
is  an  honest  man.'  'If  he  were  not,'  said  the  vicar,  'I 
would  make  it  good,  and  undertake  for  him  that  he 
shall  be  dumb  in  this  business  upon  pain  of  excom- 
munication.' '  And  who  shall  undertake  for  you,  master 
vicar  .^'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  My  profession,' answered 
he,  'which  is  to  keep  counsel.'  'Body  of  me!'  said  Don 
Quixote,  'is  there  any  more  to  be  done  then,  but  that  the 
king  cause  proclamation  to  be  made  that  at  a  prefixed  day 
all  the  knights-errant  that  rove  up  and  down  Spain  repair 
to  the  court  ?  and  if  there  came  but  half  a  dozen,  yet  such 
an  one  there  might  be  amongst  them  as  would  destroy  all 
the  Turk's  power.     Hearken  to  me,  ho  !  and  let  me  take 


192  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

you  with  me :  do  you  think  it  is  strange  that  one  knight- 
errant  should  conquer  an  army  of  two  hundred  thousand 
fighting-men,  as  if  all  together  had  but  one  throat,  or  were 
made  of  sugar  pellets  ?  But  tell  me,  how  many  stories  are 
full  of  those  marvels  ?  You  should  have  brave  Don 
Belianis  alive  now,  with  a  pox  to  me,  for  I'll  curse  no  other  ; 
or  some  one  of  that  invincible  lineage  of  Amadis  de  Gaul ; 
for  if  any  of  these  were  living  at  this  day,  and  should 
affront  the  Turk,  i'  faith  I  would  not  be  in  his  coat.  But 
God  will  provide  for  His  people,  and  send  some  one,  if 
not  so  brave  a  knight-errant  as  those  formerly,  yet  at  least 
that  shall  not  be  inferior  in  courage  ;  and  God  knows  my 
meaning,  and  I  say  no  more.'  'Alas!'  quoth  the  niece  at 
this  instant,  'hang  me,  if  my  master  have  not  a  desire  to 
turn  knight-errant  again.'  Then  cried  Don  Quixote,  'I 
must  die  so ;  march  the  Turk  up  and  down  when  he  will, 
and  as  powerfully  as  he  can — I  say  again,  God  knows  my 
meaning.'  Then  said  the  barber,  'Good  sirs,  give  me 
leave  to  tell  you  a  brief  tale  of  an  accident  in  Seville, 
which  because  it  falls  out  so  pat,  I  must  tell  it.'  Don 
Quixote  was  willing,  the  vicar  and  the  rest  gave  their 
attention,  and  thus  he  began  : 

'  In  the  house  of  the  madmen  at  Seville,  there  was  one 
put  in  there  by  his  kindred,  to  recover  him  of  his  lost 
wits ;  he  was  a  bachelor  of  law,  graduated  in  the  Canons 
at  Osuna,  and  though  he  had  been  graduated  at  Salamanca, 
yet,  as  many  are  of  opinion,  he  would  have  been  mad 
there  too.  This  bachelor,  after  some  years'  imprisonment, 
made  it  appear  that  he  was  well  and  in  his  right  wits,  and 
to  this  purpose  writes  to  the  archbishop,  desiring  him 
earnestly  and  with  forcible  reasons  to  deliver  him  from 
that  misery  in  which  he  lived,  since  by  God's  mercy  he 
had  now  recovered  his  lost  understanding ;  and  that  his 
kindred,  only  to  get  his  wealth,  had  kept  him  there,  and 
so  meant  to  hold  him  still,  wrongfully,  till  his  death.  The 
archbishop,  induced  by  many  sensible  and  discreet  lines 
of  his,  commanded  one  of  his  chaplains  to  inform  himself 
from  the  rector  of  the  house  of  the  truth,  and  to  speak 
also  with  the  madman,  that  if  he  perceived  he  was  in  his 


Chap.  I  THE   BARBER'S   PARABLE  193 

wits  he  should  give  him  his  liberty.  The  chaplain  did 
this,  and  the  rector  said  that  the  party  was  still  mad;  that 
although  he  had  sometimes  fair  intermissions,  yet  in  the 
end  he  would  grow  to  such  a  raving  as  might  equal  his 
former  discretion,  as  he  told  him  he  might  perceive  by 
discoursing  with  him.  The  chaplain  would  needs  make 
trial,  and,  coming  to  him,  talked  with  him  an  hour  or 
more ;  and  in  all  that  time  the  madman  never  gave  him 
a  cross  nor  wild  answer,  but  rather  spoke  so  advisedly, 
that  the  chaplain  was  forced  to  believe  him  to  be  sensible 
enough ;  and,  amongst  the  rest,  he  told  him  the  rector 
had  an  inkling  against  him,  because  he  would  not  lose  his 
kindred's  presents,  that  he  might  say  he  was  mad  by  fits. 
Withal  he  said  that  his  wealth  was  the  greatest  wrong  to 
him  in  his  evil  fortune,  since  to  enjoy  that  his  enemies 
defrauded  him,  and  would  doubt  of  God's  mercy  to  him 
that  had  turned  him  from  a  beast  to  a  man.  Lastly,  he 
spoke  so  well  that  he  made  the  rector  to  be  suspected, 
and  his  kindred  thought  covetous  and  damnable  persons, 
and  himself  so  discreet  that  the  chaplain  determined  to 
have  him  with  him,  that  the  archbishop  might  see  him, 
and  be  satisfied  of  the  truth  of  the  business.  With  this 
good  belief  the  chaplain  required  the  rector  to  give  the 
bachelor  the  clothes  he  brought  with  him  thither.  Who 
replied,  desiring  him  to  consider  what  he  did,  for  that  the 
party  was  still  mad.  But  the  rector's  advice  prevailed 
nothing  with  the  chaplain  to  make  him  leave  him  ;  so  he 
was  forced  to  give  way  to  the  archbishop's  order,  and  to 
give  him  his  apparel,  which  was  new  and  handsome.  And 
when  the  madman  saw  himself  civilly  clad,  and  his  mad- 
man's weeds  off,  he  requested  the  chaplain  that  in  charity 
he  would  let  him  take  his  leave  of  the  madmen  his 
companions.  The  chaplain  told  him  that  he  would 
likewise  accompany  him,  and  see  the  madmen  that  were 
in  the  house.  So  up  they  went,  and  with  them  some 
others  there  present,  and  the  bachelor  being  come  to  a 
kind  of  cage,  where  an  outrageous  madman  lay,  although  as 
then  still  and  quiet,  he  said,  "  Brother,  if  you  will  com- 
mand me  aught,  I  am  going  to  my  house ;  for  now  it 

II.  N 


194  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

hath  pleased  God  of  His  infinite  goodness  and  mercy, 
without  my  desert,  to  bring  me  to  my  right  mind.  I  am 
now  well  and  sensible,  for  unto  God's  power  nothing  is 
impossible.  Be  of  good  comfort ;  trust  in  Him,  that  since 
He  hath  turned  me  to  my  former  estate.  He  will  do  the 
like  to  you,  if  you  trust  in  Him.  I  will  be  careful  to  send 
you  some  dainty  to  eat,  and  by  any  means  eat  it ;  for  let 
me  tell  you  what  I  know  by  experience,  that  all  our 
madness  proceeds  from  the  emptiness  of  our  stomachs, 
that  fills  our  brains  with  air.  Take  heart,  take  heart ;  for 
this  dejecting  in  misery  lessens  the  health,  and  hastens 
death."  Another  madman  in  a  cage  over  against  heard 
all  the  bachelor's  discourse,  and  raising  himself  upon  an 
old  mattress,  upon  which  he  lay  stark  naked,  asked  aloud 
who  it  was  that  was  going  away  sound  and  in  his  wits. 
The  bachelor  replied,  ^'  It  is  I,  brother,  than  am  going, 
for  I  have  no  need  to  stay  here  any  longer  ;  for  which  I 
render  infinite  thanks  to  God,  that  hath  done  me  so  great 
a  favour."  "  Take  heed  what  you  say,  bachelor,"  replied 
the  madman  ;  ^'  let  not  the  devil  deceive  you  ;  keep  still 
your  foot,  and  be  quiet  here  at  home,  and  so  you  may  save 
a  bringing  back."  ''  I  know,"  quoth  the  bachelor,  "  I  am 
well,  and  shall  need  to  walk  no  more  stations  hither." 
"You're  well  ?''  said  the  madman  :  '*  the  event  will  try! 
God  be  with  you  ;  but  I  swear  to  thee  by  Jupiter,  whose 
majesty  I  represent  on  earth,  that  for  this  day's  offence 
I  will  eat  up  all  Seville  for  delivering  thee  from  hence, 
and  saying  thou  art  in  thy  wits ;  I  will  take  such  a  punish- 
ment on  this  city  as  shall  be  remembered  for  ever  and  ever, 
Amen.  Knowest  not  thou,  poor  rascal  bachelor,  that  I 
can  do  it,  since,  as  I  say,  I  am  thundering  Jupiter,  that 
carry  in  my  hands  the  scorching  bolts  with  which  I  can 
and  use  to  threaten  and  destroy  the  world  ?  But  in  one 
thing  only  will  I  chastise  this  ignorant  town,  which  is  that 
for  three  years  together  there  shall  fall  no  rain  about  it, 
nor  the  liberties  thereof,  counting  from  this  time  and 
instant  henceforward  that  this  threat  hath  been  made. 
Thou  free,  thou  sound,  thou  wise  ?  and  I  mad,  I  sick,  I 
bound  ?     As  sure  will  I  rain  as  I  mean  to  hang  myself." 


Chap.  I  DON   QUIXOTE'S   REPLY  195 

The  standers-by  gave  attention  to  the  madman  ;  but  our 
bachelor,  turning  to  the  chaplain  and  taking  him  by  the 
hand,  said,  '*  Be  not  afraid,  sir,  nor  take  any  heed  to  this 
madman's  words  ;  for  if  he  be  Jupiter,  and  will  not  rain,  I 
that  am  Neptune,  the  father  and  god  of  the  waters,  will 
rain  as  oft  as  I  list  and  need  shall  require."  To  which 
quoth  the  chaplain,  "  Nay,  Master  Neptune,  it  were  not 
good  angering  Master  Jupiter.  I  pray  stay  you  here  still, 
and  some  other  time,  at  more  leisure  and  opportunity,  we 
will  return  for  you  again."  The  rector  and  standers-by 
began  to  laugh,  and  the  chaplain  grew  to  be  half  abashed  ; 
the  bachelor  was  unclothed,  there  remained ;  and  there 
the  tale  ends.' 

'  Well,  is  this  the  tale,  master  barber,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  that  because  it  fell  out  so  pat  you  could  not 
but  relate  it  ?  Ah,  goodman  shavester,  goodman  shavester ! 
how  blind  is  he  that  sees  not  light  through  the  bottom  of 
a  meal-sieve  !  and  is  it  possible  that  you  should  not  know 
that  comparisons  made  betwixt  wit  and  wit,  valour  and 
valour,  beauty  and  beauty,  and  betwixt  birth  and  birth, 
are  always  odious,  and  ill-taken  ?  I  am  not  Neptune, 
god  of  the  waters,  neither  care  I  who  thinks  me  a  wise 
man,  I  being  none  ;  only  I  am  troubled  to  let  the  world 
understand  the  error  it  is  in,  in  not  renewing  that  most 
happy  age  in  which  the  order  of  knight-errantry  did 
flourish.  But  our  depraved  times  deserve  not  to  enjoy 
so  great  a  happiness  as  former  ages,  when  knights-errant 
undertook  the  defence  of  kingdoms,  the  protection  of 
damsels,  the  succouring  of  orphans,  the  chastising  the 
proud,  the  reward  of  the  humble.  Most  of  your  knights 
nowadays  are  such  as  rustle  in  their  silks,  their  cloth  of 
gold  and  silver  ;  and  such  rich  stufl^s  as  these  they  wear 
rather  than  mail,  with  which  they  should  arm  themselves. 
You  have  no  knight  now  that  will  lie  upon  the  bare 
ground,  subject  to  the  rigour  of  the  air,  armed  cap-a-pie  ; 
none  now  that  upright  on  his  stirrups,  and  leaning  on  his 
lance,  strives  to  behead  sleep,  as  they  say  your  knights- 
errant  did.  You  have  none  now  that,  coming  out  of  this 
wood,  enters  into  that  mountain,  and  from  thence  tramples 


196  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

over  a  barren  and  desert  shore  of  the  sea,  most  commonly 
stormy  and  unquiet ;  and  finding  at  the  brink  of  it  some 
little  cock-boat,  without  oars,  sail,  mast,  or  any  kind  of 
tackling,  casts  himself  into  it  with  undaunted  courage, 
yields  himself  to  the  implacable  waves  of  the  deep  main, 
that  now  toss  him  as  high  as  heaven  and  then  cast  him  as 
low  as  hell  ;  and  he,  exposed  to  the  inevitable  tempest, 
when  he  least  dreams  of  it,  finds  himself  at  least  three 
thousand  leagues  distant  from  the  place  where  he  embarked 
himself,  and  leaping  on  a  remote  and  unknown  shore, 
lights  upon  successes  worthy  to  be  written  in  brass  and 
not  parchment.  But  now  sloth  triumphs  upon  industry, 
idleness  on  labour,  vice  on  virtue,  presumption  on  valour, 
the  theory  on  the  practice  of  arms,  which  only  lived  and 
shined  in  those  golden  ages  and  in  those  knights-errant. 
If  not,  tell  me  who  was  more  virtuous,  more  valiant  than 
the  renowned  Amadis  de  Gaul ;  more  discreet  than 
Palmerin  of  England  ;  more  affable  and  free  than  Tirante 
the  White  ;  more  gallant  than  Lisuart  of  Greece  ;  a 
greater  hackster,  or  more  hacked,  than  Don  Belianis  ; 
more  undaunted  than  Perian  of  Gaul  ;  who  a  greater 
undertaker  of  dangers  than  Felismarte  of  Hircania  ;  who 
more  sincere  than  Esplandian  ;  who  more  courteous  than 
Don  Cierongilio  of  Thracia  ;  who  more  fierce  than 
Rodomant ;  who  wiser  than  King  Sobrinus  ;  who  more 
courageous  than  Renaldo  ;  who  more  invincible  than 
Roldan  ;  who  more  comely  or  more  courteous  than 
Rogero,  from  whom  the  Dukes  of  Ferrara  at  this 
day  are  descended,  according  to  Turpin  in  his  Cosmo- 
graphy ?  All  these  knights,  and  many  more,  master  vicar, 
that  I  could  tell  you,  were  knights-errant,  the  very  light 
and  glory  of  knighthood.  These,  or  such  as  these,  are 
they  I  wish  for  ;  which  if  it  could  be,  his  Majesty  would 
be  well  served,  and  might  save  a  great  deal  of  expense,  and 
the  Turk  might  go  shake  his  ears  ;  and  therefore  let  me 
tell  you,  I  scorn  to  keep  my  house,  since  the  chaplain 
delivers  me  not,  and  his  Jupiter,  as  goodman  barber  talks, 
rains  not ;  here  am  I  that  will  rain  when  I  list :  this  I  speak 
that  goodman  Bason  may  know  I  understand  him.' 


Chap.  I         KNIGHTS-ERRANT    DESCRIBED  197 

'Truly,  Master  Don  Quixote/  said  the  barber,  'I  spoke 
it  not  to  that  end ;  and  so  help  me  God  as  I  meant  well, 
and  you  ought  not  to  resent  anything.'  '  I  know  well 
enough  whether  I  ought  or  no,  sir,'  replied  Don  Quixote. 
Then  quoth  the  vicar,  '  Well,  go  to  ;  I  have  not  spoken  a 
word  hitherto ;  I  would  not  willingly  remain  with  one 
scruple  which  doth  grate  and  gnaw  upon  my  conscience, 
sprung  from  what  Master  Don  Quixote  hath  here  told  us.' 
*  For  this  and  much  more  you  have  full  liberty,  good 
master  vicar,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  therefore  tell 
your  scruple,  for  sure  it  is  no  pleasure  to  continue  with  a 
scrupulous  conscience.'  '  Under  correction,'  quoth  the 
vicar,  '  this  it  is  :  I  can  by  no  means  be  persuaded  that  all 
that  troop  of  knights-errant  which  you  named  were  ever 
true  and  really  persons  of  flesh  and  bone  in  this  world ;  I 
rather  imagine  all  is  fiction,  tales  and  lies,  or  dreams  set 
down  by  men  waking,  or,  to  say  trulier,  by  men  half- 
asleep.'  'There's  another  error,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  into  which  many  have  fallen,  who  believe  not  that  there 
have  been  such  knights  in  the  world ;  and  I  myself,  many 
times,  in  divers  companies,  and  upon  several  occasions, 
have  laboured  to  show  this  common  mistake,  but  some- 
times have  failed  in  my  purpose,  at  others  not, — support- 
ing it  upon  the  shoulders  of  Truth,  which  is  so  infallible 
that  I  may  say  that  with  these  very  eyes  I  have  beheld 
Amadis  de  Gaul,  who  was  a  goodly  tall  man,  well-com- 
plexioned,  had  a  broad  beard  and  black,  an  equal  counten- 
ance betwixt  mild  and  stern,  a  man  of  small  discourse, 
slow  to  anger,  and  soon  appeased ;  and,  just  as  I  have 
delineated  Amadis,  I  might  in  my  judgment  paint  and 
decipher  out  as  many  knights-errant  as  are  in  all  the 
histories  of  the  world ;  for,  by  apprehending  they  were 
such  as  their  histories  report  them,  by  their  exploits  they 
did  and  their  qualities,  their  features,  colours,  and  statures 
may  in  good  philosophy  be  guessed  at.'  '  How  big,  dear 
Master  Don  Quixote,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  might  giant 
Morgante  be  .^ '  '  Touching  giants,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  there  be  different  opinions  whether  there  have  been  any 
or  no  in  the  world ;  but  the  iioly  Scripture,  which  cannot 


198  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

err  a  jot  in  the  truth,  doth  show  us  plainly  that  there  were, 
telling  us  the  story  of  that  huge  Philistine  Golias,  that  was 
seven  cubits  and  a  half  high,  which  is  an  unmeasurable 
greatness.  Besides,  in  the  Isle  of  Sicilia  there  have  been 
found  shank-bones  and  shoulder-bones  so  great  that  their 
bigness  showed  their  owners  to  have  been  giants,  and  as 
huge  as  high  towers,  which  geometry  will  make  good.  But, 
for  all  this,  I  cannot  easily  tell  you  how  big  Morgante 
was,  though  I  suppose  he  was  not  very  tall;  to  which 
opinion  I  incline,  because  I  find  in  his  history,  where  there  is 
particular  mention  made  of  his  acts,  that  many  times  he  lay 
under  a  roof;  and  therefore,  since  he  found  an  house  that 
would  hold  him,  'tis  plain  he  could  not  be  of  extraordinary 
bigness.'  '  'Tis  true,'  quoth  the  vicar,  who,  delighting  to 
hear  him  talk  so  wildly,  asked  him  what  he  thought  of  the 
faces  of  Renaldo  of  Mont-alban,  Don  Roldan,  and  the 
rest  of  the  twelve  peers  of  France,  who  were  all  knights- 
errant.  '  For  Renaldo,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  I  dare 
boldly  say,  he  was  broad-faced,  his  complexion  high,  quick 
and  full-eyed,  very  exceptious  and  extremely  choleric,  a 
lover  of  thieves  and  debauched  company.  Touching 
Rolando,  or  Rotolando,  or  Orlando — for  histories  afford 
him  all  these  names — I  am  of  opinion  and  affirm  that  he 
was  of  a  mean  stature,  broad-shouldered,  somewhat  bow- 
legged,  auburn-bearded,  his  body  hairy,  and  his  looks 
threatening,  dull  of  discourse,  but  affable  and  well- 
behaved.'  '  If  Orlando,'  said  the  vicar,  '  was  so  sweet 
a  youth  as  you  describe  him,  no  marvel  though  the  fair 
Angelica  disdained  him  and  left  him  for  the  handsome, 
brisk,  and  conceited  beard-budding  Medor,  and  that  she 
had  rather  have  his  softness  than  t'other's  roughness.' 
'  That  Angelica,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  was  a  light  house- 
wife, a  gadder,  and  a  wanton,  and  left  the  world  as  full  of 
her  fopperies  as  the  reports  of  her  beauty ;  she  despised  a 
thousand  knights,  a  thousand  both  valiant  and  discreet, 
and  contented  herself  with  a  poor  beardless  page,  without 
more  wealth  or  honour  than  what  her  famous  singer 
Ariosto  could  give  her,  in  token  of  his  thankfulness  to 
his    friend's   love,    either   because   he    durst    not    in    this 


Chap.  II  SANCHO   PANZA  199 

respect,  or  because  he  would  not  chant  what  befel  this 
lady,  after  her  base  prostitution,  for  sure  her  carriage  was 
not  very  honest.     So  he  left  her  when  he  said, — 

"And  how  Cataya's  sceptre  she  had  at  will, 
Perhaps  some  one  will  write  with  better  quill." 

And  undoubtedly  this  was  a  kind  of  prophecy,  for  poets 
are  called  vates — that  is,  soothsayers — and  this  truth 
hath  been  clearly  seen,  for  since  that  time  a  famous  Anda- 
lusian  poet  wept  and  sung  her  tears,  and  another  famous 
and  rare  poet  of  Castile  her  beauty.'  '  But  tell  me,  Master 
Don  Quixote,'  quoth  the  barber,  '  was  there  ever  any  poet 
that  wrote  a  satire  against  this  fair  lady,  amongst  those 
many  that  have  written  in  her  praise  V  'I  am  well 
persuaded,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that  if  Sacripant  or 
Orlando  had  been  poets  they  had  trounced  the  damosel  ; 
for  it  is  an  ordinary  thing  amongst  poets  once  disdained  or 
not  admitted  by  their  feigned  mistresses  (feigned  indeed, 
because  they  feign  they  love  them)  to  revenge  themselves 
with  satires  and  libels, — a  revenge  truly  unworthy  noble 
spirits  ;  but  hitherto  I  have  not  heard  of  any  infamatory 
verse  against  the  lady  Angelica,  that  hath  made  any  hurly- 
burly  in  the  world.'  '  Strange  !  '  quoth  the  vicar.  With 
that  they  might  hear  the  niece  and  the  old  woman,  who 
were  before  gone  from  them,  keep  a  noise  without  in  the 
court,  so  they  went  to  see  what  was  the  matter. 


CHAPTER  II 

Of  the  Notable  Fray  that  Sancho  Panza  had  with  the  Niece 
and  the  Old  Woman ^  and  other  Delightful  Passages 

The  story  says,  that  the  noise  which  Don  Quixote,  the 
vicar,  and  the  barber  heard  was  of  the  niece  and  the  old 
woman,  that  were  rating  Sancho  Panza,  that  strove  with 
them  for  entrance  to  see  Don  Quixote,  who  kept  the  door 
against  him.       '  What  will  this  bloodhound  have  here  ? ' 


200  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

said  they ;  '  get  you  home  to  your  own  house,  for  you  are 
he,  and  none  else,  that  doth  distract  and  ringlead 
our  master,  and  carry  him  astray/  To  which  quoth 
Sancho,  '  Woman  of  Satan,  I  am  he  that  is  distracted, 
ringled,  and  carried  astray,  and  not  your  master  ;  'twas 
he  that  led  me  up  and  down  the  world,  and  you  deceive 
yourselves  and  understand  by  halves.  He  drew  me  from 
my  house  with  his  conycatching,  promising  me  an  island, 
which  I  yet  hope  for/  '  A  plague  of  your  islands,' 
replied  the  niece,  '  cursed  Sancho  1  And  what  be  your 
islands  ?  is  it  anything  to  eat,  goodman  glutton,  you 
cormorant,  as  you  are  ? '  *  'Tis  not  to  eat,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  but  to  rule  and  govern,  better  than  four  cities,  or  four  of 
the  king's  judges.'  '  For  all  that,'  said  the  old  woman, 
'  you  come  not  in  here,  you  bundle  of  mischief  and  sack  of 
wickedness  :  get  you  home  and  govern  there,  and  sow  your 
grain,  and  leave  seeking  after  islands  or  dilands.'  The 
vicar  and  the  barber  took  great  delight  to  hear  this 
dialogue  between  the  three  ;  but  Don  Quixote,  fearing 
lest  Sancho  should  out  with  all,  and  should  blunder  out  a 
company  of  malicious  fooleries,  or  should  touch  upon 
points  that  might  not  be  for  his  reputation,  he  called  him 
to  him,  and  commanded  the  women  to  be  silent,  and  to 
let  him  in.  Sancho  entered,  and  the  vicar  and  barber  took 
leave  of  Don  Quixote,  of  whose  recovery  they  despaired, 
seeing  how  much  he  was  bent  upon  his  wild  thoughts, 
and  how  much  he  was  besotted  with  his  damned  knights- 
errant.  '  So,'  quoth  the  vicar  to  the  barber,  '  you  shall 
quickly,  gossip,  perceive,  when  we  least  think  of  it,  that 
our  gallant  takes  his  flight  again  by  the  river.'  *  No 
doubt,'  said  the  barber  ;  '  but  I  wonder  not  so  much  at 
the  knight's  madness,  as  the  squire's  simplicity,  that 
believes  so  in  the  islands,  and  I  think  all  the  art  in  the 
world  will  not  drive  that  out  of  his  noddle.'  '  God  mend 
them,'  said  the  vicar,  '  and  let  us  expect  what  issue  the 
multitude  of  this  knight  and  squire's  absurdities  will  have; 
for  it  seems  they  were  both  framed  out  of  one  forge,  as  it 
were,  for  the  master's  madness,  without  the  servant's  folly, 
is  not  worth  a  chip.'     *  'Tis  true,'  said  the  barber,  *  and  I 


Chap.  II  KNIGHT   AND   SQUIRE  201 

should  be  glad  to  know  their  present  discourse/  '  I 
warrant/  said  the  vicar,  *  the  niece  and  old  woman  will 
tell  us  all  when  they  have  done,  for  they  are  not  so 
mannerly  as  not  to  hearken/ 

In  the  interim,  Don  Quixote  locked  in  Sancho,  and 
thus  discoursed  with  him  :  '  I  am  very  sorry,  Sancho,  you 
should  affirm  and  make  good  that  I  was  he  that  drew  you 
from  your  dog-hole  cottage,  knowing  that  I  willingly  left 
mine,  a  palace  in  comparison.  We  went  out  jointly,  so 
we  marched  on,  and  so  we  held  our  whole  peregrination, 
both  of  us  having  undergone  the  same  lot,  the  same 
fortune  ;  and,  if  once  thou  wast  tossed  in  a  blanket,  I 
have  been  banged  an  hundred  times,  and  herein  have  I  the 
advantage  of  thee.'  '  Why,  it  was  very  fit,'  answered 
Sancho,  '  for,  as  you  hold,  misfortunes  are  more  annexed 
to  knights-errant  than  to  their  squires.'  '  Thou  art 
deceived,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for,  according 
to  the  saying,  "  Quando  caput  dolet,"  etc' —  'I  under- 
stand no  other  language  but  mine  own,'  said  Sancho. 
'  Why,  I  mean,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  that  when  the 
head  aches  all  the  body  is  out  of  tune  ;  so  that  I,  being 
thy  lord  and  master,  am  thy  head,  and  thou  a  part  of  me, 
since  thou  art  my  servant,  in  which  respect  the  ill  that 
toucheth  me  must  concern  and  grieve  thee,  and  so  thine 
me.'  *  Indeed,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  it  ought  to  be  so  ;  but 
when  I  was  tossed  in  the  blanket,  my  head  stood  aloof, 
like  a  part,  beholding  me  fly  in  the  air,  without  any 
feeling  [of]  my  grief ;  and,  since  the  members  are  bound  to 
suffer  for  the  head,  the  head  in  requital  should  also  suffer 
for  them.'  '  You  mean,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  that  I  had  no  feeling  of  your  being  tossed  ?  And,  if  you 
mean  so,  do  not,  neither  imagine  any  such  thing  ;  for  at 
that  time  I  was  more  vexed  in  spirit  than  thou  couldst  be 
in  body.  But  leave  we  this  for  the  present,  for  we  shall 
have  leisure  to  consider  and  rectify  it,  and  tell  me,  friend 
Sancho,  what  say  the  common  people  of  me  ?  In  what 
estimation  do  the  gentlemen  hold  me  ?  In  what  the 
knights  and  gallants  ?  What  say  they  of  my  valour  ? 
what    of    my    exploits  ?    what    of    my    affability  ?    what 


202  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

discourse  they  touching  my  plot  in  raising  and  restor- 
ing to  the  world  the  long-forgotten  order  of  knight- 
errantry  ?  To  conclude,  I  would  have  thee  tell  me 
all  that  thou  hast  heard  :  and  you  must  tell  we  without 
adding  to  my  praise  or  diminishing  my  dispraise,  for 
it  is  the  part  of  loyal  servants  to  tell  the  naked  truth 
to  their  masters,  in  its  native  colour,  without  increasing 
it  by  flattery  or  diminishing  it  for  any  other  vain  respect. 
And  I  would  have  thee,  Sancho,  learn  by  the  way  that,  if 
the  naked  truth  should  come  to  the  ears  of  princes,  without 
the  apparel  of  flattery,  we  should  have  another  manner  of 
world,  and  other  ages  would  be  called  iron,  and  not  ours, 
and  this  would  be  the  golden  age.  And  let  me  advise 
thee,  Sancho,  that  well  and  discreetly  thou  tell  me  the 
truth  of  what  thou  knowest,  concerning  my  demand.*  'I 
shall,  with  a  very  good  will,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  upon 
condition  that  you  shall  not  be  angry  at  what  I  shall  tell 
you,  since  you  will  have  the  naked  truth,  without  any 
other  clothing  than  what  I  have  seen  her  with.'  '  By  no 
means  will  I  be  angry,'  answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  thou 
mayst  speak  freely,  Sancho,  and  without  any  disguise.' 
'  Why,  then,  first  of  all  I  must  tell  you,  the  common 
people  hold  you  for  a  notable  madman,  and  that  I  am  no 
less  [a]  coxcomb.  The  ordinary  gentlemen  say  that,  not 
containing  yourself  within  the  limits  of  gentry,  you  will 
needs  be-don  yourself,  and  be  a  man  of  honour,  having 
but  three  or  four  acres  of  land,  and  a  rag  before  and 
another  behind.  The  knights  say  they  would  not  have 
your  poor  squires  be  ranked  with  them  that  clout  their 
own  shoes,  and  take  up  a  stitch  in  their  own  black 
stockings  with  green  silk.'  'That  concerns  not  me,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  thou  seest  that  I  go  always  well 
clad,  and  never  patched  :  indeed  a  little  torn  sometimes, 
but  more  with  my  armour  than  by  long  wearing.'  '  Con- 
cerning your  valour,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  your  affability,  your 
exploits,  and  your  plot,  there  be  different  opinions  :  some 
say  you  are  a  madman,  but  a  merry  one  ;  others  that  you 
are  valiant,  but  withal  unfortunate  ;  a  third  sort,  that  you 
are  affable,  but  impertinent ;  and  thus  they  descant  upon 


Chap.  II  HIS   HISTORY   IN   PRINT  203 

us,  that  they  leave  neither  you  nor  me  a  sound  bone.' 

*  Why,  look  thou,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  where- 
soever virtue  is  eminent  it  is  persecuted  ;  few  or  none  of 
those  brave  heroes  that  have  lived  have  scaped  malicious 
calumniation.  Julius  Caesar,  that  most  courageous,  most 
wise,  most  valiant  captain,  was  noted  to  be  ambitious,  and 
to  be  somewhat  slovenly  in  his  apparel  and  his  conditions ; 
Alexander,  who  for  his  exploits  obtained  the  title  of  Great, 
is  said  to  have  been  given  to  drunkenness  ;  Hercules,  he 
with  his  many  labours,  was  said  to  have  been  lascivious  and 
a  striker  ;  Don  Galaor,  brother  to  Amadis  de  Gaul,  was 
grudged  at  for  being  offensive,  and  his  brother  for  a 
sheep-biter.  So  that,  Sancho,  since  so  many  worthy  men 
have  been  calumniated,  I  may  well  suffer  mine,  if  it  have 
been  no  more  than  thou  tellest  me.'  '  Why,  there's  the 
quiddity  of  the  matter,  body  of  my  father ! '  quoth  Sancho. 

*  Was  there  any  more  said  then  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  There's  more  behind  yet,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  all  that  was  said 
hitherto  is  cakes  and  whitebread  to  this.  But,  if  you  will 
know  all  concerning  these  calumnies,  I'll  bring  you  one 
hither  by  and  by  that  shall  tell  'em  you  all  without  missing 
a  scrap  ;  for  last  night  Bartholomew  Carrasco's  son  arrived, 
that  comes  from  study  from  Salamanca,  and  hath  proceeded 
bachelor,  and,  as  I  went  to  bid  him  welcome  home,  he  told 
me  that  your  history  was  in  print,  under  the  title  of  The 
Most  Ingenious  Gentleman  Don  ^ixote  de  la  Mancha  ;  and 
he  tells  me  that  I  am  mentioned  too,  by  mine  own  name 
of  Sancho  Panza,  and  Dulcinea  del  Toboso  is  in  too,  and 
other  matters  that  passed  betwixt  us,  at  which  I  was  amazed, 
and  blessed  myself  how  the  historian  that  wrote  them  could 
come  to  the  knowledge  of  them.'  ^  Assure  thee,  Sancho,' 
said  Don  Quixote,  '  the  author  of  our  history  is  some  sage 
enchanter  :  for  such  are  not  ignorant  of  all  secrets  they  write.' 

*  Well,'  said  Sancho,  *  if  he  were  wise  and  an  enchanter,  I 
will  tell  you  according  as  Samson  Carrasco  told  me, — for 
that's  the  man's  name  that  spoke  with  me, — that  the 
author's   name  of  this  history  is  Cid  Hamet  Beregena.'^ 

^  It  should  be  Benengeli,  but  Sancho  simply  mistakes,  as  followeth  in 
the  next  note. 


204  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

'  That  is  the  name  of  a  Moor,'  said  Don  Quixote.  '  It  is 
very  like,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  for  your  Moors  are  great  lovers 
of  Berengens/^  'Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote,  'you  are 
out  in  the  Moor's  surname,  which  is  Cid  Hamet  Benengeli ; 
and  Cid  in  the  Arabic  signifieth  Lord.'  '  It  may  be  so,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  but,  if  you  will  have  the  bachelor  come  to 
you,  I'll  bring  him  to  you  flying.'  '  Friend,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  thou  shalt  do  me  a  special  pleasure  ;  for  I  am 
in  suspense  with  what  thou  hast  told  me,  and  will  not  eat 
a  bit  till  I  am  informed  of  all.'  '  Well,  I  go  for  him,' 
said  Sancho.  And,  leaving  his  master  a  while,  went  for 
the  bachelor,  with  whom  after  he  returned,  and  the  three 
had  a  passing  pleasant  dialogue. 


CHAPTER  III 

T^he  Ridiculous  Discourse  that  passed  betwixt  Don  fixate, 
Sancho,  and  the  Bachelor  Samson  Carrasco 

Don  Quixote  was  monstrous  pensative,  expecting  the 
bachelor  Carrasco,  from  whom  he  hoped  to  hear  the  news 
of  himself  in  print,  as  Sancho  had  told  him  ;  and  he  could 
not  be  persuaded  that  there  was  such  a  history,  since  yet 
the  blood  of  enemies  killed  by  him  was  scarce  dry  upon 
his  sword  blade,  and  would  they  have  his  noble  acts  of 
chivalry  already  in  the  press  }  Notwithstanding,  he 
thought  that  some  wise  man,  or  friend,  or  enemy,  by  way 
of  enchantment,  had  committed  them  to  the  press  :  if  a 
friend,  then  to  extol  him  for  the  most  remarkable  of  any 
knight-errant ;  if  an  enemy,  to  annihilate  them,  and  clap 
'em  beneath  the  basest  and  meanest  that  ever  were  men- 
tioned of  any  inferior  squire  ;  although,  thought  he  to 
himself,  no  acts  of  squire  were  ever  divulged ;  but  if  there 

^  Berengena  is  a  fruit  in  Spain  which  they  boil  with  sod  meat,  as  we 
do  carrots,  and  here  was  Sancho's  simplicity  in  mistaking,  and  to  think 
that  name  was  given  the  author  for  loving  the  fruit. 


Chap.  Ill  SAMSON   CARRASCO  205 

were  any  history,  being  of  a  knight-errant,  it  must  needs 
be  lofty  and  stately,  famous,  magnificent,  and  true.  With 
this  he  comforted  himself  somewhat,  but  began  to  be  dis- 
comforted to  think  that  his  author  must  be  a  Moor,  by 
reason  of  that  name  of  Cid ;  and  from  Moors  there  could 
be  no  truth  expected,  for  all  of  them  are  cheaters,  impos- 
tors, and  chymists. 

He  feared  likewise  that  he  might  treat  of  his  love  with 
some  indecency,  that  might  redound  to  the  lessening  and 
prejudice  of  his  Lady  Dulcinea  del  Toboso's  honesty ;  he 
desired  that  he  might  declare  his  constancy  and  the 
decorum  he  had  ever  kept  toward  her,  contemning  queens 
and  empresses,  and  damsels  of  all  sorts,  keeping  distance 
with  violencies  of  natural  motions.  Sancho  and  Carrasco 
found  him  thus  tossed  and  turmoiled  in  these  and  many 
such-like  imaginations,  whom  Don  Quixote  received  with 
much  courtesy. 

This  bachelor,  though  his  name  was  Samson,  was  not 
very  tall,  but  a  notable  wag-halter,  lean-faced,  but  of  a 
good  understanding  :  he  was  about  four-and- twenty  years 
of  age,  round-faced,  flat-nosed,  and  wide-mouthed,  all 
signs  of  a  malicious  disposition,  and  a  friend  to  conceits 
and  merriment,  as  he  showed  it  when  he  saw  Don  Quixote  ; 
for  he  fell  upon  his  knees  before  him,  saying,  '  Good 
Master  Don  Quixote,  give  me  your  greatness  his  hand ; 
for  by  the  habit  of  St.  Peter,  which  I  wear,  you  are,  sir, 
one  of  the  most  complete  knights-errant  that  hath  been  or 
shall  be  upon  the  roundness  of  the  earth.  Well  fare  Cid 
Hamet  Benengeli,  that  left  the  stories  of  your  greatness  to 
posterity  !  and  more  than  well  may  that  curious  author 
fare  that  had  the  care  to  cause  them  to  be  translated  out 
of  the  Arabic  into  our  vulgar  Castilian,  to  the  general 
entertainment  of  all  men  ! ' 

Don  Quixote  made  him  rise  and  said :  '  Then  it  seems 
my  history  is  extant,  and  that  he  was  a  Moor  and  a  wise 
man  that  made  it.'  '  So  true  it  is,'  quoth  Samson,  '  that, 
upon  my  knowledge,  at  this  day  there  be  printed  above 
twelve  thousand  copies  of  your  history ;  if  not,  let 
Portugal,  Barcelona,  and  Valencia  speak,  where  they  have 


206  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

been  printed ;  and  the  report  goes  that  they  are  now 
printing  at  Antwerp,  and  I  have  a  kind  of  guess  that  there 
is  no  nation  or  language  where  they  will  not  be  trans- 
lated/ '  One  of  the  things,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  that  ought  to  give  a  man  virtuous  and  eminent  content 
is  to  see  himself  living,  and  to  have  a  good  name  from 
everybody's  mouth,  to  be  printed  and  in  the  press ;  I  said 
with  a  good  name,  for  otherwise  no  death  could  be 
equalled  to  that  life.'  '  If  it  be  for  a  good  name,'  said  the 
bachelor,  '  your  worship  carries  the  prize  from  all  knights- 
errant  ;  for  the  Moor  in  his  language,  and  the  Christian  in 
his,  were  most  careful  to  paint  to  the  life  your  gallantry, 
your  great  courage  in  attempting  of  dangers,  your  patience 
in  adversities,  and  your  sufferance  as  well  in  misfortunes 
as  in  your  wounds,  your  honesty  and  constancy  in  the  so 
platonic  loves  of  yourself  and  my  Lady  Donna  Dulcinea 
del  Toboso.'  '  I  never,'  replied  Sancho,  '  heard  my  lady 
styled  Don  before,  only  the  Lady  Dulcinea  del  Toboso  ; 
and  there  the  history  erreth  somewhat.'  '  This  is  no 
objection  of  moment,'  said  Carrasco.  *  No,  truly,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  tell  me,  signior  bachelor,  which  of  the 
exploits  of  mine  are  most  ponderous  in  this  history  ? ' 

'  In  this,'  said  the  bachelor,  '  there  be  different  opinions, 
as  there  be  different  tastes.  Some  delight  in  the  adventure 
of  the  windmills,  that  you  took  to  be  Briareans  and  giants; 
others  in  that  of  the  fulling-hammers ;  this  man  in  the 
description  of  the  two  armies,  which  afterwards  fell  out  to 
be  two  flocks  of  sheep ;  that  man  doth  extol  your  adven- 
ture of  the  dead  man  that  was  carried  to  be  buried  at 
Segovia ;  one  saith  that  that  of  the  freeing  of  the  galley- 
slaves  goes  beyond  them  all ;  another  that  none  comes 
near  that  of  the  Benitian  giants,  with  the  combat  of  the 
valorous  Biscayner.'  '  Tell  me,'  said  Sancho,  *sir  bachelor, 
comes  not  that  in  of  the  Yanguesian  carriers,  when  our 
precious  Rozinante  longed  for  the  forbidden  fruit  ? '  *  The 
wise  man,'  said  Samson,  '  left  out  nothing  ;  he  sets  down 
all  most  punctually,  even  to  the  very  capers  that  Sancho 
fetched  in  the  blanket.'  *  Not  in  the  blanket,'  replied 
Sancho,    ^  but  in  the  air,  more  than  I  was  willing.' 


Chap.  Ill  CRITICISMS  207 

'  According  to  my  thought/  said  Don  Quixote,  '  there 
is  no  human  history  in  the  world  that  hath  not  his 
changes,  especially  those  that  treat  of  cavallery,  which 
can  never  be  full  of  prosperous  successes/  *  For  all  that,' 
replied  the  bachelor,  '  there  be  some  that  have  read  your 
history,  that  would  be  glad  the  authors  had  omitted  some 
of  those  infinite  bastings  that  in  divers  encounters  were 
given  to  Sir  Don  Quixote/  '  Ay,  there,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  comes  in  the  truth  of  the  story/  '  They  might  likewise 
in  equity  silence  them,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  since  those 
actions  that  neither  change  nor  alter  the  truth  of  the 
story  are  best  left  out,  if  they  must  redound  to  the  mis- 
prizing of  the  chief  person  of  the  history.  Eneas,  i'  faith, 
was  ne'er  so  pitiful  as  Virgil  paints  him  out,  nor  Ulysses 
so  subtle  as  Homer  describes  him.'  '  True  it  is,'  said 
Samson  ;  '  but  it  is  one  thing  to  write  like  a  poet,  and 
another  like  an  historian  :  the  poet  may  say  or  sing 
things,  not  as  they  were,  but  as  they  ought  to  have  been ; 
and  the  historian  must  write  things,  not  as  they  ought  to 
be,  but  as  they  have  been,  without  adding  or  taking  away 
aught  from  the  truth.' 

'  Well,'  said  Sancho,  '  if  you  go  to  telling  of  truths,  we 
shall  find  that  this  Signior  Moor  hath  all  the  bastings  of 
my  master  and  me  ;  for  I  am  sure  they  never  took 
measure  of  his  worship's  shoulders,  but  they  took  it  of 
all  my  body  too  ;  but  no  marvel,  for,  as  my  master  him- 
self saith,  the  rest  of  the  parts  must  participate  of  the 
head's  grief.'  '  Sancho,  you  are  a  crack-rope,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote  ;  '  i  faith  you  want  no  memory  when  you 
list  to  have  it.'  '  If  I  would  willingly  forget  those 
cudgellings  that  I  have  had,  the  bunches  yet  fresh  on 
my  ribs  would  not  consent.'  'Peace,  Sancho,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  and  interrupt  not  the  bachelor,  whom  I 
request  to  proceed  and  tell  me  what  is  said  of  me  in 
the  mentioned  history.'  '  And  of  me  too,'  said  Sancho, 
*  for  it  is  said  that  I  am  one  of  the  principal  parsonages 
of  it.'  '  Personages,  and  not  parsonages,  you  would  say, 
Sancho,'  quoth  Samson.  *  More  correcting  of  words  ! ' 
quoth   Sancho.      '  Go  to  this,  and  we   shall   not  end  in 


2o8  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

our  lifetime.'  '  Hang  me,  Sancho/  said  Samson,  '  if 
you  be  not  the  second  person  in  the  story ;  and  you 
have  some  that  had  as  lief  hear  you  speak  as  the  best 
there  ;  though  others  would  not  stick  to  say  you  were 
too  credulous  to  believe  that  your  government  of  the 
island  offered  by  Sir  Don  Quixote,  here  present,  might 
be  true/ 

'  There  is  yet  sunshine  upon  the  walls,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  and  when  Sancho  comes  to  be  of  more 
years,  with  the  experience  of  them  he  will  be  more  able 
and  fit  than  now  to  be  a  governor/  '  By  the  mass,' 
said  Sancho,  '  if  I  be  not  fit  to  govern  an  island  at  these 
years,  I  shall  never  govern,  though  I  come  to  be  as  old 
as  Methusalem  ;  the  mischief  is,  that  the  said  island  is 
delayed  I  know  not  how,  and  not  that  I  want  brain  to 
govern  it.'  '  Leave  all  to  God,  Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote, 
*  for  all  will  be  well,  and  perhaps  better  than  you  think 
for  ;  and  the  leaves  in  the  tree  move  not  without  the 
will  of  God.' 

'  'Tis  true,  indeed,'  said  Samson,  '  for,  it  God  will, 
Sancho  shall  not  want  a  thousand  islands,  much  less  one.' 
'  I  have  seen,'  said  Sancho,  '  of  your  governors  in  the 
world  that  are  not  worthy  to  wipe  my  shoes,  and,  for  all 
this,  they  give  'em  titles,  and  are  served  in  plate.' 
'Those  are  not  governors  of  islands,'  replied  Samson,  'but 
of  other  easier  governments  ;  for  they  that  govern  islands 
must  be  at  least  grammarians.'  '  For  your  "  gra  "  I  care 
not,  but  your  ''  mare"  I  could  like  enough  ;  but,  leaving 
this  government  to  God's  hands,  let  Him  place  me  where 
He  pleaseth.  I  say,  sir  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco,  that  I 
am  infinitely  glad  that  the  author  of  the  history  hath  spoken 
of  me  in  such  sort  that  the  things  he  speaks  of  me  do  not 
cloy  the  reader  ;  for,  by  the  faith  of  a  Christian,  if  he  had 
spoken  anything  of  me  not  befitting  an  old  Christian  as  I 
am\  I  should  make  deaf  men  hear  on't.'  'That  were  to 
work  miracles,'  said  Samson.  '  Miracles  or  not  miracles,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  every  man  look  how  he  speaks  or  writes  of 

^  In  Spanish  C/iristiano  vieio,  a  name  they  desire  to  be  distinguished 
from  the  Moors  by. 


Chap.  Ill  CRITICISMS  209 

men,  and  set  not  down  each  thing  that  comes  into  his  noddle 
in  a  mingle-mangle.'  '  One  of  the  faults  that  they  say/  said 
Carrasco,  '  is  in  that  history  is  this  :  that  his  author  put 
in  a  certain  novel  or  tale,  entitled  1016  Curious-Impertinent  \ 
not  that  it  was  ill  or  not  well  contrived,  but  that  it  was 
unseasonable  for  that  place,  neither  had  it  anything  to  do 
with  the  history  of  Don  Quixote.' 

'  ril  hold  a  wager,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  the  dog-bolt  hath 
made  a  gallimaufry.'  '  Let  me  tell  you,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  '  the  author  of  my  story  is  not  wise,  but  some 
ignorant  prater,  that  at  unawares  and  without  judgment 
undertook  it,  hab-nab,  as  Orbaneja,  the  painter  of  Ubeda, 
who  being  asked  what  he  painted,  answered,  "  As  it 
happens."  Sometimes  he  would  paint  ye  a  cock,  but  so 
unlike  that  he  was  forced  to  write  underneath  it  in  Gothish 
letters,  *'This  is  a  cock  "  ;  and  thus  I  believe  it  is  with  my 
history,  that  it  hath  need  of  a  comment  to  make  it  under- 
stood.' 

*  No,  surely,'  replied  Samson;  'it  is  so  conspicuous 
and  so  void  of  difficulty  that  children  may  handle  him, 
youths  may  read  him,  men  may  understand  him,  and 
old  men  may  celebrate  him.  To  conclude,  he  is  so 
gleaned,  so  read,  and  so  known  to  all  sorts  of  people 
that  they  scarce  see  a  lean  horse  pass  by,  when  they 
say,  "There  goeth  Rozinante."  And  amongst  these 
pages  are  most  given  to  read  him ;  you  have  no  great 
man's  withdrawing  room  that  hath  not  a  T>on  Quixote 
in  him  ;  some  take  him,  if  others  lay  him  down  ;  these 
close  with  him,  they  demand  him.  Lastly,  the  story 
is  the  most  pleasing,  the  least  hurtful  for  entertainment 
that  hath  hitherto  been  seen  ;  for  all  over  it  there  is 
not  to  be  seen  a  dishonest  word,  or  one  like  one,  nor 
an  imagination  less  than  catholic' 

"'  He  that  should  write  otherwise,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  should  write  no  truths,  but  lies  ;  and  he  that  doth  so 
ought  to  be  burned,  like  them  that  coin  false  money ; 
and  I  know  not  what  the  author  meant  to  put  in  novels 
and  strange  tales,  my  story  affording  him  matter  enough  ; 
belike  he  holds  himself  to  the  proverb  of  chaff  and  hay, 

II.  o 


210  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

etc.  Well,  ril  tell  you,  out  of  mentioning  only  my 
thoughts,  my  sighs,  my  tears,  my  honest  wishes,  and 
my  onsets,  he  might  have  made  a  greater  volume  than 
all  Tostatus'  works.  Indeed,  signior  bachelor,  all  that 
I  conceive  is,  that  to  write  a  history,  or  any  other  work 
of  what  sort  so  ever,  a  man  had  need  of  a  strong  judg- 
ment and  a  ripe  understanding :  to  speak  wittily  and 
write  conceits  belongs  only  to  good  wits :  the  cunningest 
part  in  a  play  is  the  fool's,  because  he  must  not  be  a 
fool  that  would  well  counterfeit  to  seem  so.  An  history 
is  as  a  sacred  thing,  which  ought  to  be  true  and  real ; 
and  where  truth  is  there  God  is,  inasmuch  as  concerneth 
truth  :  howsoever,  you  have  some  that  do  so  compose  and 
cast  their  works  from  them  as  if  they  were  fritters.' 

'  There  is  no  book  so  bad,'  said  the  bachelor,  '  that  hath 
not  some  good  in  it.'  '  No  doubt  of  that,'  said  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  but  many  times  it  falls  out  that  those  that  have 
worthily  hoarded  up  and  obtained  great  fame  by  their 
writings,  when  they  commit  them  to  the  press,  they  either 
altogether  lose  it,  or  in  something  lessen  it.'  *  The  reason 
of  it,'  quoth  Samson,  '  is  this,  that  as  the  printed  works 
are  viewed  by  leisure  their  faults  are  easily  espied,  and  they 
are  so  much  the  more  pried  into  by  how  much  the  greater 
the  author's  fame  is.  Men  famous  for  their  wits,  great 
poets,  illustrious  historians,  are  always,  or  for  the  most 
part,  envied  by  them  that  have  a  pleasure  and  particular 
pastime  to  judge  of  other  men's  writings,  without  publish- 
ing their  own.'  '  That's  not  to  be  wondered  at,'  cries 
Don  Quixote,  '  for  there  be  many  divines  that  are  nothing 
worth  in  a  pulpit,  and  are  excellent  in  knowing  the 
defect  or  excess  of  him  that  preacheth.'  *  All  this,'  said 
Carrasco,  '  Sir  Don  Quixote,  is  right ;  but  I  could  wish 
such  censurers  were  more  mild  and  less  scrupulous  in  look- 
ing on  the  motes  of  the  most  clear  sun  of  his  works  whom 
they  bite  ;  for,  if  '^  aliquando  bonus  dormitat  Homerus," 
let  'em  consider  how  much  he  watched  to  show  the  light 
of  his  work,  without  the  least  shadow  that  might  be  ;  and 
it  might  be  that  what  seems  ill  to  them  were  moles,  that 
sometimes  increase  the  beauty  of  the  face  that  hath  them  ; 


Chap.  Ill  SANCHO'S   PISTOLETS  211 

and  thus,  I  say,  that  he  that  prints  a  book  puts  himself 
into  a  manifest  danger,  being  of  all  impossibilities  the  most 
impossible  to  frame  it  so  that  it  may  content  and  satisfy  all 
that  shall  read  it/ 

*  The  book  that  treats  of  me,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'will 
please  very  few.'  '  Rather  contrary,'  says  Samson,  '  for,  as 
"  stultorum  infinitus  est  numerus,"  an  infinite  number 
have  been  delighted  with  this  history ;  but  some  found 
fault,  and  craftily  taxed  the  author's  memory,  in  that  he 
forgot  to  tell  who  was  the  thief  that  stole  Sancho's  Dapple  ; 
for  there  is  no  mention  there,  only  it  is  inferred  that  he 
was  stole,  and  not  long  after  we  see  him  mounted  upon 
the  same  ass,  without  knowledge  how  he  was  found.  They 
also  say,  that  he  forgot  to  tell  what  Sancho  did  with  those 
hundred  pistolets  which  he  found  in  the  mail  in  Sierra 
Morena,  for  he  never  mentions  them  more,  and  there  be 
many  that  desire  to  know  what  became  of  them,  and  how 
he  employed  them,  which  is  one  of  the  essential  points  in 
the  work.' 

*  Master  Samson,'  said  Sancho,  '  I  am  not  now  for  your 
reckonings  or  relations,  for  my  stomach  is  faint,  and,  if  I 
fetch  it  not  again  with  a  sup  or  two  of  the  old  dog,  it  will 
make  me  as  gaunt  as  Saint  Lucia.  I  have  it  at  home,  and 
my  pigsney  stays  for  me.  When  I  have  dined  I  am  for 
ye,  and  will  satisfy  you  and  all  the  world  in  anything  you 
will  ask  me,  as  well  touching  the  loss  of  mine  ass  as  the 
expense  of  the  hundred  pistolets.'  And  so,  without 
expecting  any  reply,  or  exchanging  another  word,  home 
he  goes. 

Don  Quixote  entreated  the  bachelor  to  stay  and  take  a 
pittance  with  him  ;  the  bachelor  accepted  the  invitement, 
and  so  stayed  dinner.  Beside  their  ordinary  fare,  they 
had  a  pair  of  household  pigeons  added.  At  table  they 
discoursed  of  cavallery  ;  Carrasco  followed  his  humour  ; 
the  banquet  was  ended,  and  they  slept  out  the  heat ; 
Sancho  returned,  and  the  former  discourse  was  renewed. 


212  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  11 


CHAPTER  IV 

How  Sancho  Fanza  satisfies  the  Bachelor  Samson  Carrasco^s 
Doubts  and  Demands^  with  other  Accidents  worthy  to  he 
known  and  related 

Sancho     came     back     to    Don    Quixote's    house,    and 
turning  to   his   former    discourse    said,    '  Touching  what 
Master  Samson  desired  to  know — who,  how,  and  when 
mine  ass  was  stolen — by  way  of  answer  I  say,  that  the 
very  same  night  we  fled  from  the  hue-and-cry  we  entered 
Sierra    Morena,  after    the  unfortunate  adventure  of  the 
galley-slaves   and    the    dead    man    that    was  carrying   to 
Segovia.     My  master  and  I  got  us  unto  a  thicket,  where 
he  leaning  upon  his  lance,  and  I  upon  my  Dapple,  both  of 
us  well  bruised  and  wearied  with  the  former  skirmishes,  we 
fell  to   sleep  as  soundly  as  if  we  had  been   upon  four 
feather-beds,  especially  I,  that  slept  so  soundly  that  he, 
whosoever  he  was,  might  easily  come  and  put  me  upon  four 
stakes,  which  he  had  fastened  upon  both  sides  of  my  pack- 
saddle,  upon  which  he  left  me  thus  mounted,  and,  without 
perceiving  it,  got  my  Dapple  from  under  me.'     '  This  was 
easy  to  be   done,'   said   Don  Quixote,   ^  and    no    strange 
accident ;  for  we  read  that  the  same  happened  to  Sacripant, 
when,  being  at  the   siege  of  Albraca,  that  famous  thief 
Brunelo,  with  the   selfsame  sleight,   got  his  horse   from 
under  his  legs.'     Sancho  proceeds  :    '  It   was  light  day,' 
said  he,  'when  I  had  scarce  stretched  myself,  but  the  stakes 
failed,  and  I  got  a  good  squelch  upon  the  ground  ;  then  I 
looked  for  mine  ass,  but,  not  finding  him,  the  tears  came  to 
mine  eyes,  and  I  made  such  strange  moan  that,  if  the  author 
of  our  history  omitted  it,  let  him  be  assured  he  forgot  a 
worthy  passage.     I  know  not  how  long  after,  coming  with 
my  lady  the  Princess  Micomicona,  I  knew  mine  ass,  and 
that  he  who  rode  on  him  in  the  habit  of  a  gypson  was  that 
Gines  de  Passamonte,  that  cheater,  that  arrant  mischief- 
monger  that  my  master  and  I  freed  from  the  chain.' 


Chap.  IV  SANCHO'S   PISTOLETS  213 

*  The  error  was  not  in  this,'  said  Samson,  '  but  that, 
before  there  was  any  news  of  your  ass,  the  author  still  said 
you  were  mounted  upon  the  selfsame  Dapple.'  'I  know 
not  what  to  say  to  that,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  but  that  either  the 
historian  was  deceived,  or  else  it  was  the  carelessness  of 
the  printer.'  *  Without  doubt,'  saith  Samson,  '  'twas  like 
to  be  so.  But  what  became  of  the  pistolets  ?  were  they 
spent  } ' 

'  I  spent  them  upon  myself,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  and  on  my 
wife  and  children,  and  they  have  been  the  cause  that  she 
hath  endured  my  journeys  and  careers  which  I  have 
fetched  in  my  master  Don  Quixote's  service  ;  for  if  I 
should  have  returned  empty,  and  without  mine  ass,  I 
should  have  been  welcomed  with  a  pox.  And,  if  you  will 
know  any  more  of  me,  here  I  am  that  will  answer  the 
king  himself  in  person  ;  and  let  nobody  intermeddle  to 
know  whether  I  brought  or  whether  I  brought  not, 
whether  I  spent  or  spent  not  ;  for,  if  the  blows  that 
I  have  had  in  these  voyages  were  to  be  paid  in  money, 
though  every  one  of  them  were  taxed  but  at  three-farthings 
apiece,  an  hundred  pistolets  more  would  not  pay  me  the 
half  of  them  ;  and  let  every  man  look  to  himself,  and  not 
take  white  for  black,  and  black  for  white  ;  for  every  man 
is  as  God  hath  made  him,  and  sometimes  a  great  deal 
worse.' 

'  Let  me  alone,'  quoth  Carrasco,  '  for  accusing  the 
author  of  the  history,  that  if  he  print  it  again  he  shall 
not  forget  what  Sancho  hath  said,  which  shall  make  it 
twice  as  good  as  it  was.'  *  Is  there  aught  else,  sir 
bachelor,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  to  be  mended  in  this 
legend.'*'  'Yes,  marry,  is  there,'  said  he;  'but  nothing 
so  important  as  what  hath  been  mentioned.'  '  Perhaps 
the  author  promiseth  a  Second  Part  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  He  doth,'  said  Samson,  '  but  saith  he  neither  finds  nor 
knows  who  hath  it,  so  that  it  is  doubtful  whether  it  will 
come  out  or  no ;  so  that  partly  for  this,  and  partly  because 
some  hold  that  Second  Parts  were  never  good,  and  others 
that  there  is  enough  written  of  Don  Quixote,  it  is  doubted 
that  there  will  be  no  Second  Part,  although  some,  more 


2T4  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

Jovial  than  Saturnists,  cry  out,  "  Let's  have  more 
Quixotisms  :  Let  Don  Quixote  assault  and  Sancho  speak, 
let  the  rest  be  what  they  will,  this  is  enough."'  'And 
how  is  the  author  inclined  ? ' 

To  which  said  Samson,  '  When  he  hath  found  this 
history,  that  he  searcheth  after  with  extraordinary  diligence, 
he  will  straight  commit  it  to  the  press,  rather  for  his  profit, 
though,  than  for  any  other  respect.'  To  this  said  Sancho, 
*  What !  doth  the  author  look  after  money  and  gain  ? 
'Tis  a  wonder  if  he  be  in  the  right  ;  rather  he  will  be  like 
your  false-stitching  tailors  upon  Christmas  Eves,  for  your 
hasty  work  is  never  well  performed.  Let  that  Master 
Moor  have  a  care  of  his  business,  for  my  master  and  I  will 
furnish  him  with  rubbish  enough  at  hand,  in  matter  of 
adventures,  and  with  such  different  successes  that  he  may 
not  only  make  one  Second  Part,  but  one  Hundredth. 
The  poor  fellow  thinks,  belike,  that  we  sleep  here  in  a  hay- 
mow ;  well,  let  it  come  to  scanning,  and  he  shall  see 
whether  we  be  defective.  This  I  know,  that  if  my  master 
would  take  my  counsel,  he  should  now  be  abroad  in  the 
champian,  remedying  grievances,  rectifying  wrongs,  as 
good  knights-errant  are  wont  to  do.' 

No  sooner  had  Sancho  ended  this  discourse  when  the 
neighing  of  Rozinante  came  to  his  ears,  which  Don  Quixote 
took  to  be  most  auspicious,  and  resolved  within  three 
or  four  days  after  to  make  another  sally,  and,  manifesting 
his  mind  to  the  bachelor,  asked  his  advice  to  know  which 
way  he  should  begin  his  journey ;  whose  opinion  was  that 
he  should  go  to  the  kingdom  of  Aragon,  and  to  the  city 
of  Saragosa,  where  not  long  after  there  were  solemn  jousts 
to  be  held  in  honour  of  St.  George,  wherein  he  might 
get  more  fame  than  all  the  knights  of  Aragon,  which  were 
above  all  other  knights.  He  praised  his  most  noble  and 
valiant  resolution,  but  withal  desired  him  to  be  more  wary 
in  attempting  of  dangers,  since  his  life  was  not  his  own,  but 
all  theirs  also  who  needed  his  protection  and  succour  in 
their  distress. 

'  I  renounce  that.  Master  Samson,'  said  Sancho,  *  for  my 
master  will  set  upon  an  hundred  armed  men  as  a  boy 


Chap.  IV  A   SQUIRE'S   DUTIES  215 

would  upon  half  a  dozen  of  young  melons.  Body  of  the 
world !  sir  bachelor,  there  is  a  time  to  attempt,  a  time  to 
retire ;  all  must  not  be  "  Saint  Jaques,  and  upon  'em  ! "  ^ 
Besides,  I  have  heard,  and  I  believe  from  my  master  him- 
self, if  I  have  not  forgotten,  that  valour  is  a  mean  between 
the  two  extremes  of  a  coward  and  a  rash  man  ;  and,  if 
this  be  so,  neither  would  I  have  him  fly  nor  follow,  without 
there  be  reason  for  it  ;  but,  above  all,  I  wish  that,  if  my 
master  carry  me  with  him,  it  be  upon  condition  that  he 
fight  for  us  both,  and  that  I  be  tied  to  nothing  but  waiting 
upon  him,  to  look  to  his  clothes  and  his  diet,  for  this  will 
I  do  as  nimbly  as  bring  him  water ;  but  to  think  that  I 
will  lay  hand  to  my  sword,  although  it  be  but  against  base 
fellows  and  poor  rascals,  is  most  impossible.  I,  Master 
Samson,  strive  not  to  hoard  up  a  fame  of  being  valiant, 
but  of  the  best  and  trustiest  squire  that  ever  served 
knight-errant ;  and  if  Don  Quixote  my  master,  obliged 
thereunto  by  my  many  services,  will  bestow  any  island 
upon  me  of  those  many  his  worship  saith  we  shall  light 
upon,  I  shall  be  much  bound  to  him  ;  and,  if  he  give  me 
none,  I  was  born,  and  one  man  must  not  live  to  rely  on 
another,  but  on  God  ;  and  perhaps  I  shall  be  as  well  with 
a  piece  of  bread  at  mine  ease  as  to  be  a  governor  ;  and 
what  do  I  know  whether,  in  these  kinds  of  government, 
the  devil  hath  set  any  tripping-block  before  me  where  I 
may  stumble  and  fall,  and  dash  out  my  teeth  ?  Sancho 
was  I  born,  Sancho  must  I  die.  But,  for  all  that,  if  so 
and  so,  without  any  care  or  danger.  Heaven  should  pro- 
vide some  island  for  me,  or  any  such-like  thing,  I  am 
not  so  very  an  ass  as  to  refuse  it,  according  to  the 
proverb,  "  Look  not  a  given  horse  in  the  mouth."  ' 

'  Friend  Sancho,'  quoth  Carrasco,  '  you  have  spoken  like 
an  oracle  ;  notwithstanding,  trust  in  God  and  Master  Don 
Quixote,  that  he  will  give  you  not  only  an  island,  but  a 
kingdom  too.'  '  I  think  one  as  well  as  t'other,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  and  let  me  tell  you.  Master  Samson,'  said  Sancho, 
'  I  think  my  master's  kingdom  would  not  be  bestowed  on 

'^^^ Santiago, y  C terra  Espana/^^     As  we  use  in  England,  "Saint  George 
and  the  Victory/' 


2i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

me  in  vain  ;  for  I  have  felt  mine  own  pulse,  and  find 
myself  healthy  enough  to  rule  kingdoms  and  govern 
islands,  and  thus  I  have  told  my  master  many  times/ 

'  Look  ye,  Sancho,'  quoth  Samson,  '  honours  change 
manners,  and  perhaps,  when  you  are  once  a  governor, 
you  may  scarce  know  your  own  mother/  '  That's  to  be 
understood,'  said  Sancho,  '  of  them  that  are  basely  born, 
and  not  of  those  that  have  on  their  souls  four  fingers  fat 
of  the  old  Christian,  as  I  have/  No,  but  come  to  my 
condition,  which  will  be  ungrateful  to  nobody/  '  God 
grant  it,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  and  we  shall  see  when  the 
government  comes  ;  for  methinks  I  have  it  before  mine 
eyes/  Which  said,  he  asked  the  bachelor  whether  he 
were  a  poet,  and  that  he  would  do  him  the  favour  to 
make  him  some  verses,  the  subject  of  his  farewell  to  his 
mistress  Dulcinea  del  Toboso,  and  withal  that  at  the 
beginning  of  every  verse  he  should  put  a  letter  of  her 
name,  that  so,  joining  all  the  first  letters,  there  might 
be  read  Dulcinea  del  Toboso.  The  bachelor  made  answer 
that,  though  he  were  none  of  the  famous  poets  of  Spain, 
which  they  said  were  but  three  and  an  half,  yet  he 
would  not  refuse  to  compose  the  said  metre,  although 
he  found  a  great  deal  of  difficulty  in  the  composition, 
because  there  were  seventeen  letters  in  the  name  ;  and 
if  he  made  four  staves,  of  each  four  verses,  that  there 
would  be  a  letter  too  much  ;  and  if  he  made  them  of  ^vq, 
which  they  call  decimi,  there  would  be  three  too  little  ; 
but  for  all  that  he  would  see  if  he  could  drown  a  letter, 
so  in  four  staves  there  might  be  read  Dulcinea  del  Toboso. 
'  By  all  means,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  let  it  be  so  ;  for,  if 
the  name  be  not  plain  and  conspicuous,  there  is  no  woman 
will  believe  the  metre  was  composed  for  her.' 

Upon  this  they  agreed,  and  that  eight  days  after  their 
departure  should  be.  Don  Quixote  enjoined  the  bachelor 
to  keep  it  secret,  especially  from  the  vicar  and  Master 
Nicholas,^  his  niece,  and  the  old  woman,  lest  they  should 
disturb  his  noble  and  valiant  resolution.     Carrasco  assured 

^  To  express  his  not  being  born  a  Jew  or  Moor, 
2  The  Barber. 


Chap.  V  SANCHO   AND    HIS   WIFE  217 

him,  and  so  took  leave,  charging  Don  Quixote  he  should 
let  him  hear  of  all  his  good  or  bad  fortune  at  his  best 
leisure.  So  they  took  leave,  and  Sancho  went  to  provide 
for  their  journey. 


CHAPTER  V 

Of  the  Wise  and  Fleasant  Discourse  that  passed  betwixt  Sancho 
Panza  and  his  Wife  Theresa  Panza^  and  other  Accidents 
worthy  of  Happy  Remembrance 

The  translator  of  this  history,  when  he  came  to  write  this 
fifth  chapter,  says  that  he  holds  it  for  apocrypha,  because 
Sancho  speaks  in  it  after  another  manner  than  could  be 
expected  from  his  slender  understanding,  and  speaks  things 
more  acutely  than  was  possible  for  him  ;  yet  he  would 
translate  it  for  the  accomplishment  of  his  promise  ;  and  so 
goes  on,  as  followeth. 

Sancho  came  home  so  jocund  and  so  merry  that  his  wife 
perceived  it  a  flight-shot  off,  insomuch  that  she  needs 
would  ask  him,  *  Friend  Sancho,  what's  the  matter  that 
you  are  so  joyful } '  To  which  he  answered,  '  Wife,  I 
would  to  God  I  were  not  so  glad  as  I  make  show  for.* 
*  I  understand  you  not,  husband,'  quoth  she ;  '  and  I 
understand  not  what  you  mean,  that,  if  it  pleased  God,  you 
would  not  be  so  contented  ;  for,  though  I  be  a  fool,  yet  I 
know  not  who  would  willingly  be  sad.' 

'  Look  ye,  Teresa,'  said  Sancho,  '  I  am  jolly,  because  I 
am  determined  to  serve  my  master  Don  Quixote  once 
more,  who  will  now  this  third  time  sally  in  pursuit  of  his 
adventures,  and  I  also  with  him,  for  my  poverty  will  have 
it  so,  besides  my  hope  that  rejoiceth  me,  to  think  that  I 
may  find  another  hundred  pistolets  for  those  that  are  spent. 
Yet  I  am  sad  again  to  leave  thee  and  my  children  ;  and  if 
it  pleased  God  that  I  might  live  quietly  at  home,  without 
putting  myself  into  those  deserts  and  crossways,  which  He 
might  easily  grant  if  He  pleased  and  were  willing,  it  is 


2i8  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

manifest  that  my  content  might  be  more  firm  and  whole- 
some, since  the  present  joy  I  have  is  mingled  with  a  sorrow 
to  leave  thee  :  so  that  I  said  well,  I  should  be  glad  if  it 
pleased  God  I  were  not  so  contented.' 

*  Fie,  Sancho,'  quoth  Teresa;  'ever  since  thou  hast  been 
a  member  of  a  knight-errant  thou  speakest  so  round-about 
the  bush  that  nobody  can  understand  thee.'  '  It  is  enough,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  that  God  understands  me,  who  understands 
all  things  ;  and  so  much  for  that.  But  mark,  sister,  I 
would  have  you  for  these  three  days  look  well  to  my  Dapple, 
that  he  may  be  fit  for  arms.  Double  his  allowance,  seek 
out  his  pack-saddle  and  the  rest  of  his  tackling  ;  for  we  go 
not  to  a  marriage,  but  to  compass  the  world,  and  to  give  and 
take  with  giants,  sprites,  and  hobgoblins  ;  to  hear  hissing, 
roaring,  bellowing,  and  bawling,  and  all  this  were  sweet- 
meat if  we  had  not  to  do  with  Yangueses^  and  enchanted 
Moors.' 

'  I  believe,  indeed,'  quoth  Teresa,  '  that  your  squires- 
errant  gain  not  their  bread  for  nothing  ;  I  shall  therefore 
pray  to  our  Lord,  that  he  deliver  you  speedily  from  this 
misfortune.'  'I'll  tell  you,  wife,'  said  Sancho,  'if  I  thought 
not  ere  long  to  be  governor  of  an  island,  I  should  die 
suddenly.'  '  None  of  that,  husband,'  quoth  Teresa  ;  '  let 
the  hen  live,  though  it  be  with  her  pip  ;  live  you,  and  the 
devil  take  all  the  governments  in  the  world.  Without 
government  were  you  born,  without  government  have  you 
lived  hitherto,  and  without  government  must  you  go  or  be 
carried  to  your  grave,  when  it  shall  please  God.  How 
many  be  there  in  the  world  that  live  without  governments, 
yet  they  live  well  enough,  and  well  esteemed  of!  Hunger 
is  the  best  sauce  in  the  w^orld,  and  when  the  poor  want 
not  this  they  eat  contentedly.  But  hark,  Sancho ;  if  you 
should  chance  to  see  a  government,  pray  forget  not  me 
and  your  children  :  little  Sancho  is  now  just  fifteen  years 
old,  and  'tis  fit  he  go  to  school  if  his  uncle  the  abbot 
mean  to  make  him  a  churchman ;  and  look  ye  too,  Mary 
Sancha  our  daughter  will  not  die  if  we  marry  her ;  for  I 
suspect  she  desires  marriage  as  much  as  you  your  govern- 

The  carriers  that  beat  the  master  and  man.     Vide  Part  I.,  Don  Quixote. 


Chap.  V  SANCHO   AND    HIS   WIFE  219 

ment;  and  indeed  a  daughter  is  better  ill  married  than 
well  paramoured.' 

'  In  good  faith/  quoth  Sancho,  '  if  I  have  aught  with 
my  government,  wife,  Mary  Sancha  shall  be  so  highly 
married  that  she  shall  be  called  lady  at  least.'  '  Not  so, 
Sancho,'  quoth  Teresa :  '  the  best  way  is  to  marry  her  with 
her  equal ;  for,  if  instead  of  her  pattens  you  give  her 
high-shoes  ^  ;  if,  instead  of  a  coarse  petticoat,  a 
farthingale  and  silk  kirtle ;  and  from  little  Mai,  my 
Lady  Wacham,  the  girl  will  not  know  herself,  and  she 
will  every  foot  fall  into  a  thousand  errors,  discovering  the 
thread  of  her  gross  and  coarse  web.' 

'  Peace,  fool !  '  said  Sancho  ;  '  all  must  be  two  or  three 
years'  practice,  and  then  her  greatness  will  become  her, 
and  her  state  fall  out  pat.  Howsoever,  what  matter  is  it  ? 
Let  her  be  your  ladyship,  and  come  what  will  on  it.' 
*  Measure  yourself  by  your  means,'  said  Teresa,  *  and  seek 
not  after  greater ;  keep  yourself  to  the  proverb,  "  Let 
neighbours'  children  hold  together."  'Twere  pretty,  i' 
faith,  to  marry  our  Mary  with  a  great  lord  or  knight, 
that,  when  the  toy  takes  him  in  the  head,  should  new- 
mould  her,  calling  her  milkmaid,  boor's  daughter,  rock- 
peeler.  Not  while  I  live,  husband  ;  for  this,  forsooth,  have 
I  brought  up  my  daughter  ?  Get  you  money,  Sancho,  and 
for  marrying  her  let  me  alone.  Why,  there's  Lope  Tocho, 
John  Toch's  son,  a  sound  chopping  lad;  we  know  him 
well,  and  I  know  he  casts  a  sheep's  eye  upon  the  wench ; 
and  'tis  good  marrying  her  with  this  her  equal,  and  we 
shall  have  him  always  with  us,  and  we  shall  be  all  one — 
parent,  sons,  and  grandsons,  and  son-in-law — and  God's 
peace  and  blessing  will  always  be  amongst  us ;  and  let  not 
me  have  her  married  into  your  courts  and  grand  palaces, 
where  they'll  neither  understand  her  nor  she  them.' 

'  Come  hither,  beast,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  *  woman  of 
Barabbas,  why  wilt  thou,  without  any  reason,  hinder 
me  from  marrying  my  daughter  where  she  may  bring 
me  grandsons  that  may  be  styled  lordship  ?  Behold, 
Teresa,  I  have  always  heard  mine  elders  say  that  he  that 

^  Chapines, 


220  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

will  not  when  he  may,  when  he  desireth  shall  have  nay ; 
and  it  is  not  fit  that  whilst  good  luck  is  knocking  at  our 
door  we  shut  it :  let  us  therefore  sail  with  this  prosperous 
wind/  (For  this,  and  for  that  which  followeth,  that 
Sancho  spoke,  the  author  of  the  history  says  he  held  this 
chapter  for  apocrypha.)  '  Do  not  you  think,  brute-one,' 
said  Sancho,  *  that  it  will  be  fit  to  fall  upon  some  beneficial 
government  that  may  bring  us  out  of  want,  and  to  marry 
our  daughter  Sancha  to  whom  I  please,  and  you  shall  see 
how  she  shall  be  called  Dona  Teresa  Panza,  and  sit  in  the 
church  with  your  carpet  and  your  cushions,  and  your  hung 
cloths,  in  spite  of  the  gentlewomen  of  the  town  ?  No,  no  ; 
remain  still  as  you  are,  in  one  estate,  without  increasing 
or  diminishing,  like  a  picture  in  hangings ;  go  to,  let's 
have  no  more  ;  little  Sancha  must  be  a  countess,  say  thou 
what  thou  wilt/ 

*  What  a  coil  you  keep  ! '  quoth  Teresa ;  '  for  all  that, 
I  fear  this  earldom  will  be  my  daughter's  undoing  ; 
yet  do  what  ye  will,  make  her  duchess  or  princess,  it  shall 
not  be  with  my  consent ;  I  have  always  loved  equality,  and 
I  cannot  abide  to  see  folks  take  upon  'em  without  grounds. 
I  was  christened  Teresa,  without  welt  or  gard,  nor  additions 
of  Don  or  Dona ;  my  father's  name  was  Cascaio,  and 
because  I  am  your  wife  they  call  me  Teresa  Panza,  for 
indeed  they  should  have  called  me  Teresa  Cascaio.  But 
great  ones  may  do  what  they  list,  and  I  am  well  enough 
content  with  this  name,  without  putting  any  Don  upon  it, 
to  make  it  more  troublesome,  that  I  shall  not  be  able  to 
bear  it.  And  1  will  not  have  folk  laugh  at  me,  as  they  see 
me  walk  in  my  countess's  apparel,  or  my  governess's  ; 
you  shall  have  them  cry  straight,  "  Look  how  stately  the 
hog-rubber  goes,  she  that  was  but  yesterday  at  her  spindle, 
and  went  to  church  with  the  skirt  of  her  coat  over  her 
head  instead  of  an  huke ;  to-day  she  is  in  her  farthingale 
and  in  her  buttons,  and  so  demure  as  if  we  knew  her  not." 
God  keep  me  in  my  seven  wits,  or  my  ^vq,  or  those  that  I 
have,  and  I'll  not  put  myself  to  such  hazards.  Get  you, 
brother,  to  be  a  government  or  an  island,  and  take  state  as 
you  please,  for,  by  my  mother's  holidam,  neither  I  nor  my 


Chap.  V  SANCHO   AND    HIS    WIFE  221 

daughter  will  stir  a  foot  from  our  village  ;  better  a  broken 
joint  than  a  lost  name,  and  keep  home  the  honest  maid,  to 
be  doing  is  her  trade.  Go  you  with  Don  Quixote  to  your 
adventures,  and  leave  us  to  our  ill  fortunes  ;  God  will  send 
better,  if  we  be  good ;  and  I  know  not  who  made  him  a 
Don,  or  a  title  which  neither  his  father  nor  his  grandfather 
ever  had.' 

'  Now  I  say,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  thou  hast  a  familiar  in  that 
body  of  thine.  Lord  bless  thee  for  a  woman,  and  what  a 
company  of  things  hast  thou  strung  up  without  head  or 
feet !  What  hath  your  Cascaio,  your  buttons,  or  your 
proverbs,  or  your  state  to  do  with  what  I  have  said  ? 
Come  hither,  coxcomb,  fool, — for  so  I  may  call  you,  since 
you  understand  not  my  meaning,  and  neglect  your  happi- 
ness,— if  I  should  say  my  daughter  should  cast  herself 
down  some  tower,  or  she  should  rove  up  and  down  the 
world,  as  did  the  Princess  Donna  Urraca,^  you  had  reason 
not  to  consent ;  but  if  in  less  than  two  trap-blows,  or  the 
opening  and  shutting  of  an  eye,  I  clap  ye  a  Don  and  lady- 
ship upon  your  shoulders,  and  bring  it  out  of  your  stubble, 
and  put  it  you  under  barn-cover,  and  set  you  in  your 
state,  with  more  cushions  than  the  Almohada  Moors  had 
in  all  their  lineage,  why  will  you  not  consent  to  that  that 
I  will  have  you  ? '  '  Would  you  know  why,  husband  ? ' 
answered  Teresa :  ^  for  the  proverb  that  says  he  that 
covers  thee  discovers  thee.  Every  one  passeth  his  eyes 
slightly  over  the  poor,  and  upon  the  rich  man  they  fasten 
them ;  and,  if  the  said  rich  man  have  at  any  time  been 
poor,  there  is  your  grumbling  and  cursing,  and  your  back- 
biters never  leave,  who  swarm  as  thick  as  hives  of  bees 
thorough  the  streets.' 

*  Mark,  Teresa,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  give  ear  to  my 
speech,  such  as  peradventure  you  have  not  heard  in  all 
your  lifetime ;  neither  do  I  speak  anything  of  mine  own, 
for  all  I  purpose  to  speak  is  sentences  of  our  preacher  that 
preached  all  last  Lent  in  this  town,  who,  as  I  remember, 
said  that  all  things  that  we  see  before  our  eyes  present  do 
assist  our  memories  much  better,  and  with  much  more 

^  An  infanta  of  Spain. 


222  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

vehemency,  than  things  past.'  (All  these  reasons  here 
delivered  by  Sancho  are  the  second  for  which  the  trans- 
lator of  the  history  holds  this  chapter  for  apocrypha,  as 
exceeding  the  capacity  of  Sancho,  who  proceeded,  saying:) 
*  Whereupon  it  happens  that,  when  we  see  some  personage 
well  clad  in  rich  apparel,  and  with  many  followers,  it 
seems  he  moves  and  invites  us  perforce  to  give  him 
respect  :  although  our  memory  at  that  very  instant 
represents  unto  us  some  kind  of  baseness  which  we  have 
seen  in  that  personage,  the  which  doth  vilify  him,  be  it 
either  for  poverty  or  lineage,  both  passed  over  are  not, 
and  that  which  we  see  present  only  is.  And  if  this  man, 
whom  fortune  blotted  out  of  his  baseness,  and  to  whom 
consequently  his  father  left  all  height  of  prosperity,  be 
well-behaved,  liberal,  and  courteous  towards  all  men,  and 
contends  not  with  such  as  are  most  anciently  noble,  assure 
thyself,  Teresa,  all  men  will  forget  what  he  was,  and 
reverence  him  for  what  he  is,  except  the  envious,  whom 
the  greatest  scape  not.'  *  I  understand  you  not,  husband,' 
replied  Teresa  ;  '  do  what  you  will,  and  do  not  trouble 
me  with  your  long  speeches  and  your  rhetoric  ;  and  if 
you  be  revolved  to  do  what  you  say' —  '  Resolved  you 
must  say,  wife,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  and  not  revolved.'  '  I 
pray  dispute  not  with  me,  husband,'  said  Teresa ;  '  I  speak 
as  it  pleases  God,  and  strive  not  for  more  eloquence  ; 
and  I  tell  you,  if  you  persist  in  having  your  government, 
take  your  son  Sancho  with  you,  and  teach  him  from  hence- 
forth to  govern,  for  it  is  fit  that  the  sons  do  inherit  and 
learn  the  offices  of  their  fathers.' 

'  When  I  have  my  government,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I  will 
send  post  for  him,  and  I  will  send  thee  moneys,  for  I  shall 
want  none,  and  there  never  want  some  that  will  lend 
governors  money  when  they  have  none.  But  clothe  him 
so  that  he  shall  not  appear  what  he  is,  and  may  seem 
what  he  must  be.'  '  Send  you  money,'  quoth  Teresa, 
^  and  I'll  clad  him  like  a  date-leaf.'  '  So  that  now,'  said 
Sancho,  *  we  are  agreed  that  our  daughter  shall  be  a 
countess.'  '  The  day  that  I  shall  see  her  a  countess,'  said 
Teresa,  'will  be  my  death's-day.     But  I  tell  you  again, 


Chap.  VI  REMONSTRANCES  223 

do  what  you  will ;  for  we  women  are  born  with  this  clog, 
to  be  obedient  to  our  husbands,  though  they  be  no  better 
than  leeks.'  And  here  she  began  to  weep  so  heartily  as 
if  her  little  daughter  Sancha  had  been  dead  and  buried. 

Sancho  comforted  her,  saying  that,  though  she  must 
be  a  countess,  yet  he  would  defer  it  as  long  as  he  could. 
Here  their  dialogue  ended,  and  Sancho  returned  to  see 
Don  Quixote,  to  give  order  for  their  departure. 


CHAPTER  VI 

What  passed  betwixt  Don  ^ixote^  his  Niece ^  and  the  Old 
Woman ;  and  it  is  one  of  the  most  Material  Chapters 
in  all  the  History 

Whilst  Sancho  and  his  wife  were  in  this  impertinent 
aforesaid  discourse,  Don  Quixote's  niece  and  old  woman 
were  not  idle,  and  by  a  thousand  signs  guessed  that  her 
uncle  and  their  master  would  a-slashing  the  third  time, 
and  return  to  the  exercising  of  his  (for  them)  ill  knight- 
errantry.  They  sought  by  all  means  possible  to  divert 
him  from  so  bad  a  purpose  ;  but  all  was  to  no  purpose,  to 
preach  in  a  desert,  or  to  beat  cold  iron.  Notwithstanding, 
amongst  many  other  discourses  that  passed  betwixt  them, 
the  old  woman  told  him,  *  Truly,  master,  if  you  keep  not 
your  foot  still,  and  rest  quiet  at  home,  and  suffer  yourself 
to  be  led  through  mountains  and  valleys,  like  a  soul  in 
purgatory,  seeking  after  those  they  call  adventures,  which 
I  call  misfortunes,  I  shall  complain  on  you,  and  cry  out  to 
God  and  the  king,  that  they  remedy  it.'  To  which  Don 
Quixote  answered :  ^  Woman,  what  God  will  answer  to 
your  complaints  I  know  not,  nor  what  his  Majesty  will ; 
only  I  know,  if  I  were  a  king,  I  would  save  a  labour  in 
answering  such  an  infinity  of  foolish  petitions  as  are  given 
him  daily  ;  for  one  of  the  greatest  toils,  amongst  many 
other  that  kings  have,  is  this  :  to  be  bound  to  hearken  to 


224  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

all,  to  answer  all ;  therefore  I  would  be  loath  that  ought 
concerning  me  should  trouble  him/  '  Then/  quoth  the 
old  woman,  'tell  us,  sir,  in  his  Majesty's  court  be  there 
not  knights  ? '  '  Yes,'  answered  he,  '  and  many,  and  good 
reason,  for  the  adornment  and  greatness  of  princes,  and 
for  ostentation  of  the  royal  Majesty.'  '  Why  would  not 
your  worship,'  replied  she,  'be  one  of  them  that  might 
quietly  serve  the  king  your  master  at  court  ? ' 

'  Look  ye,  friend,'  answered  Don  Quixote ;  '  all  knights 
cannot  be  courtiers,  nor  all  courtiers  neither  can,  nor  ought 
to  be  knights-errant.  In  the  world  there  must  be  of  all 
sorts,  and,  though  we  be  all  knights,  yet  the  one  and  the 
other  differ  much  :  for  your  courtiers,  without  stirring  out 
of  their  chambers,  or  over  the  court  thresholds,  can  travel 
all  the  world  over,  looking  upon  a  map,  without  spending 
a  mite,  without  suffering  heat,  cold,  hunger,  or  thirst ;  but 
we,  the  true  knights-errant,  with  sun,  with  cold,  with 
air,  with  all  the  inclemencies  of  heaven,  night  and  day, 
a-horseback  and  on  foot,  do  trace  the  whole  world 
through :  and  we  do  not  know  our  enemies  by  sup- 
position, as  they  are  painted,  but  in  their  real  being  ; 
and  at  all  times  and  upon  every  occasion  we  set  upon 
them,  without  standing  upon  trifles,  or  on  the  laws 
of  duello,  whether  a  sword  or  lance  were  longer  or 
shorter,  whether  either  of  the  parties  wore  a  charm  or 
some  hidden  deceit,  if  they  shall  fight  after  the  sun's 
going  down  or  no,  with  other  ceremonies  of  this 
nature  which  are  used  in  single  combats  betwixt  man 
and  man,  that  thou  knowest  not  of,  but  I  do.  Know 
further  that  the  good  knight-errant,  although  he  see 
ten  giants  that  with  their  heads  not  only  touch  but 
overtop  the  clouds,  and  that  each  of  them  hath  legs 
as  big  as  two  great  towers,  and  arms  like  the  masts  of 
mighty  ships,  and  each  eye  as  big  as  a  mill-wheel  and 
more  fiery  than  a  glass-oven,  must  not  be  affrighted  in 
any  wise,  rather  with  a  staid  pace  and  undaunted  courage 
he  must  set  on  them,  close  with  them,  and,  if  possible, 
overcome  and  make  them  turn  tail  in  an  instant ;  yea, 
though  they  came  armed  with  the  shells  of  a  certain  fish. 


Chap.  VI  THE   NIECE'S   BLASPHEMY  225 

which,  they  say,  are  harder  than  diamonds  ;  and  though 
instead  of  swords  they  had  cutting-skeins  of  Damasco 
steel,  or  iron  clubs  with  pikes  of  the  same,  as  I  have 
seen  them  more  than  once  or  twice.  All  this  have  I 
said,  woman  mine,  that  you  may  see  the  difference 
betwixt  some  knights  and  others  ;  and  it  is  reason  that 
princes  should  more  esteem  this  second,  or,  to  say  fitter, 
this  first  species  of  knights-errant ;  for,  as  we  read  in 
their  histories,  such  an  one  there  hath  been  amongst 
them  that  hath  been  a  safeguard,  not  only  of  one  king- 
dom, but  of  many.' 

*  Ah,  sir,*  then  said  his  niece,  *  beware  ;  for  all  is  lies 
and  fiction  that  you  have  spoken  touching  your  knights- 
errant,  whose  stories,  if  they  were  not  burnt,  they 
deserve  each  of  them  at  least  to  have  a  penance  in- 
flicted upon  them,  or  some  note  by  which  they  might 
be  known  to  be  infamous,  and  ruiners  of  good  customs.' 

'  I  assure  thee  certainly,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  if  thou 
wert  not  lineally  my  niece,  as  daughter  to  mine  own 
sister,  I  would  so  punish  thee  for  the  blasphemy  thou 
hast  spoken,  as  should  resound  thorough  all  the  world. 
Is  it  possible  that  a  piss-kitchen,  that  scarce  knows  how 
to  make  bone-lace,  dares  speak  and  censure  the  histories 
of  knights-errant  ?  What  would  Sir  Amadis  have  said 
if  he  should  have  heard  this  ?  But  I  warrant  he  would 
have  forgiven  thee,  for  he  was  the  humblest  and  most 
courteous  knight  of  his  time,  and  moreover  a  great 
protector  of  damosels  ;  but  such  an  one  might  have  heard 
thee  that  thou  mightest  have  repented  thee  ;  for  all  are 
not  courteous  or  pitiful,  some  are  harsh  and  brutish. 
Neither  are  all  that  bear  the  name  of  knights  so  truly  ; 
for  some  are  of  gold,  others  of  alchymy ;  yet  all  seem 
to  be  knights,  but  all  cannot  brook  the  touchstone  of 
truth.  You  have  some  base  knaves  that  burst  again 
to  seem  knights,  and  some  that  are  knights  that  kill 
themselves  in  post-haste  till  they  become  peasants.  The 
one  either  raise  themselves  by  their  ambition  or  virtue; 
the  others  fall,  either  by  their  negligence  or  vice  ;  and 
a  man  had  need  be  wise  to  distinguish  between  these 
II.  p 


226  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

two  sorts  of  knights,  so  near  in  their  names,  so  distant 
in  their  actions/ 

'  Help  me  God  ! '  quoth  the  niece,  '  that  you  should 
know  so  much,  uncle,  as  were  it  in  case  of  necessity, 
you  might  step  into  a  pulpit,  and  preach  in  the  streets ;  ^ 
and  for  all  that  you  go  on  so  blindly  and  fall  into  so 
eminent  a  madness  that  you  would  have  us  think  you 
valiant  now  you  are  old ;  that  you  are  strong  being  so 
sickly  ;  that  you  are  able  to  make  crooked  things 
straight,  being  crooked  with  years  ;  and  that  you  are  a 
knight  when  you  are  none  :  for,  though  gentlemen  may 
be  knights,  yet  the  poor  cannot.* 

'  You  say  well,  niece,  in  that,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
*  and  I  could  tell  thee  things  concerning  lineages  that 
should  admire  thee  ;  but  because  I  will  not  mingle  divinity 
with  humanity  I  say  nothing.  Mark  ye,  ho  !  to  four  sorts 
of  lineages — hearken  to  me — may  all  in  the  world  be 
reduced,  and  they  are  these  :  some  that  from  base  be- 
ginnings have  arrived  at  the  greatest  honours  ;  others 
that  had  great  beginnings  and  so  conserve  them  till  the 
end  ;  others  that,  though  they  had  great  beginnings,  yet 
they  end  pointed  like  a  pyramis,  having  lessened  and 
annihilated  their  beginning,  till  it  ends  in  nothing  ; 
others  there  are,  and  these  the  most,  that  neither  had 
good  beginning  nor  reasonable  middle,  and  so  they  pass 
away  without  mention,  as  the  lineage  of  the  common  and 
ordinary  sort  of  people.  Let  the  house  of  the  Othomans 
be  an  example  to  thee  of  the  first,  who  had  an  obscure  be- 
ginning, but  rose  to  the  greatness  they  now  preserve ;  that 
from  a  base  and  poor  shepherd  that  gave  them  their  first 
beginning  have  come  to  this  height  in  which  now  we  see 
them.  Many  princes  may  be  an  instance  of  the  second 
lineage,  that  began  in  greatness,  and  was  so  preserved 
without  augmentation  or  diminution,  only  kept  their  in- 
heritance, containing  themselves  within  the  limits  of  their 
own  kingdoms  peacefully.  Thousands  of  examples  there 
be  of  such  as  began  in  greatness,  and  lessened  towards  their 

1  An  usual  thing  in  Spain^  that  a  friar  or  Jesuit^  when  a  fiery  zeal 
takes  him,  makes  his  pulpit  in  any  part  of  the  street  or  market-place. 


Chap.  VI  ON    LINEAGES  227 

end.  For  all  your  Pharaohs,  your  Ptolemies  of  Egypt, 
your  Caesars  of  Rome,  with  all  the  hurry,  if  I  may  so  term 
them,  of  your  infinite  princes,  monarchs,  lords,  Medes, 
Assyrians,  Persians,  Grecians,  and  Barbarians, — all  these 
lineages,  all  these  lordships,  ended,  pointed,  and  came  to 
nought,  as  well  they  as  those  that  gave  them  beginning  ; 
for  it  is  not  possible  to  find  any  of  their  successors,  and,  if 
it  were,  he  must  be  in  mean  and  base  estate.  With  the 
common  sort  I  have  nothing  to  do,  since  they  only  live 
and  serve  to  increase  the  number  of  men,  without  deserv- 
ing more  fame  or  elogy  of  their  greatness.  Thus  much, 
fools,  you  may  infer  from  all  that  hath  been  said,  that  the 
confusion  of  lineages  is  very  great ;  and  that  those  are  the 
most  great  and  glorious  that  show  it  in  the  virtue,  wealth, 
and  liberality  of  their  owners.  Virtue,  wealth,  and  liber- 
ality, I  say,  for  that  great  man  that  is  vicious  will  be  the 
more  so  by  his  greatness,  and  the  rich  man  not  liberal  is 
but  a  covetous  beggar  ;  for  he  that  possesseth  riches  is  not 
happy  in  them,  but  in  the  spending  them  ;  not  only  in 
spending,  but  in  well  spending  them.  The  poor  knight 
hath  no  way  to  show  he  is  a  knight,  but  that  he  is  virtuous, 
affable,  well-fashioned,  courteous  and  well-behaved,  and 
officious  ;  not  proud,  not  arrogant,  not  back-biting  ;  and 
above  all,  charitable  ;  for  in  a  penny  that  he  gives  cheer- 
fully to  the  poor  he  shows  himself  as  liberal  as  he  that  for 
ostentation  gives  an  alms  before  a  multitude  ;  and  there  is 
no  man  that  sees  him  adorned  with  these  virtues,  but, 
although  he  know  him  not,  he  will  judge  of  him  and  think 
he  is  well  descended  ;  for,  if  he  were  not,  'twere  miracu- 
lous, and  the  reward  of  virtue  hath  been  always  praise,  and 
the  virtuous  must  needs  be  praised.  There  be  two  courses 
for  men  to  come  to  be  wealthy  and  noble  by ;  the  one  is 
arts,  t'other  arms.  I  have  more  arms  than  learning,  and 
was  born,  according  to  my  inclination  that  way,  under  the 
influence  of  the  planet  Mars,  so  that  I  must  of  force  follow 
his  steps,  which  I  mean  to  do  in  spite  of  all  the  world,  and 
it  is  vain  for  you  to  strive  to  persuade  me  that  I  should 
nill  what  the  heavens  will  me,  fortune  ordains,  and  reason 
requires,  and  above  all  my  affection   desires.     Well,  in 


228  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

knowing,  as  I  know,  the  innumerable  troubles  that  are 
annexed  to  knight-errantry,  so  I  know  the  infinite  goods 
that  are  obtained  with  it.  And  I  know  that  the  path  of 
virtue  is  very  narrow,  and  the  way  of  vice  large  and 
spacious  ;  and  I  know  that  their  ends  and  resting-places 
are  different ;  for  that  of  vice,  large  and  spacious,  ends  in 
death  ;  and  that  of  virtue,  narrow  and  cumbersome,  ends 
in  life  ;  and  not  in  a  life  that  hath  ending,  but  that  is  end- 
less ;  and  I  know  what  our  great  Castilian  poet^  said  : 

"  To  the  high  seat  of  immortality, 
Through  crabbed  paths  we  must  our  journey  take, 
Whence  he  that  falls  can  never  climb  so  high." ' 

*  Woe  is  me  !  *  said  the  niece,  *  my  master  too  is  a  poet, 
he  knows  everything.  Til  hold  a  wager,  if  he  would  be 
a  mason,  he  would  build  a  house  as  easily  as  a  cage.' 
'  I  promise  thee,  niece,'  said  Don  Quixote,  *  if  these 
knightly  cogitations  did  not  rap  my  senses  there  is 
nothing  I  could  not  do,  nor  no  curiosity  should  escape 
me,  especially  cages  and  tooth-pickers.* 

By  this  one  knocked  at  the  door,  and  asking  who  was 
there,  Sancho  answered,  '  'Tis  I.'  The  old  woman,  as 
soon  as  she  heard  him,  ran  to  hide  herself,  because  she 
would  not  see  him.  The  niece  let  him  in  ;  and  his  master 
Don  Quixote  went  to  receive  him  with  open  arms ;  and 
they  both  locked  themselves  in,  where  they  had  another 
dialogue  as  good  as  the  former. 


CHAPTER  VII 

What  passed  betwixt  Don  ^ixote  and  his  Squire^ 
with  other  most  Famous  Accidents 

The   old  woman,   as  soon  as  she  saw  her   master   and 
Sancho  locked  together,  began  to  smell  their  drift  ;  and 

^  Boscan. 


Chap.  VII    THE   OLD   WOMAN'S   TROUBLE  229 

imagining  that  his  third  sally  would  result  from  that 
consultation,  and  taking  her  mantle,  full  of  sorrow  and 
trouble,  she  went  to  seek  the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco, 
supposing  that  as  he  was  well  spoken,  and  a  late  acquaint- 
ance of  Don  Quixote's,  he  might  persuade  him  to  leave 
his  doting  purpose.  She  found  him  walking  in  the  court 
of  his  house,  and  seeing  him,  she  fell  down  in  a  cold 
sweat,  all  troubled,  at  his  feet.  When  Carrasco  saw  her 
so  sorrowful  and  affrighted,  he  asked  her,  '  What's  the 
matter  ?  what  accident  is  this  ?  Methinks  thy  heart  is 
at  thy  mouth.'  *  Nothing,'  said  she,  '  Master  Samson, 
but  my  master  is  run  out ;  doubtless,  he  is  run  out.' 
*  And  where  runs  he  ? '  said  he  ;  '  hath  he  broken  a  hole 
in  any  part  of  his  body  ? '  '  He  runs  not  out,'  answered 
she,  '  but  out  of  the  door  of  his  madness.  I  mean,  sweet 
sir  bachelor,  he  means  to  be  a-gadding  again,  and  this 
is  his  third  time  he  hath  gone  a-hunting  after  those  you 
call  adventures :  I  know  not  why  they  give  'em  this  name. 
The  first  time  they  brought  him  us  athwart  upon  an  ass, 
beaten  to  pieces.  The  second  time  he  came  clapped  up 
in  an  ox-wain,  and  locked  in  a  cage,  and  he  made  us 
believe  he  was  enchanted  ;  and  the  poor  soul  was  so 
changed  that  his  mother  that  brought  him  forth  would  not 
have  known  him,  so  lean,  so  wan,  his  eyes  so  sunk  in  his 
head,  that  I  spent  above  six  hundred  eggs  to  recover 
him,  as  God  is  my  witness  and  all  the  world,  and  my  hens 
that  will  not  let  me  lie.'  '  That  I  well  believe,'  quoth  the 
bachelor,  'for  they  are  so  good,  and  so  fat,  and  so  well 
nurtured  that  they  will  not  say  one  thing  for  another  if 
they  should  burst  for  it.  Well,  is  there  aught  else  }  hath 
there  any  other  ill  luck  happened  more  than  this  you  fear, 
that  your  master  will  abroad  ? '  '  No,  sir,'  said  she.  '  Take 
no  care,'  quoth  he,  '  but  get  you  home  on  God's  name, 
and  get  me  some  warm  thing  to  breakfast,  and  by  the  way 
as  you  go  pray  me  the  orison  of  St.  Apolonia,  if  you  know 
it,  and  I'll  go  thither  presently,  and  you  shall  see  wonders.' 
'  Wretch  that  I  am ! '  quoth  she  ;  '  the  orison  of  St. 
Apolonia,  quoth  you  ?  that  were  if  my  master  had  the 
toothache,  but  his  pain  is  in  his  head.'     '  I  know  what  I 


230  DON  QUIXOTE  Part  II 

say,'  quoth  he,  '  and  do  not  you  dispute  with  me,  since 
you  know  I  have  proceeded  bachelor  at  Salamanca.  Do 
you  think  there  is  no  more  than  to  take  the  degree  ? '  said 
he.  With  that,  away  she  goes  :  and  he  went  presently  to 
seek  the  vicar,  and  communicate  with  him,  what  shall  be 
said  hereafter. 

At  the  time  that  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  were  locked 
together,  there  passed  a  discourse  between  them,  which 
the  history  tells  with  much  punctuality,  and  a  true  rela- 
tion. Sancho  said  to  his  master,  '  I  have  now  reluced  my 
wife  to  let  me  go  with  you  whithersoever  you  please.' 
'  Reduced  you  would  say,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote. 
'  I  have  bid  you  more  than  once,  if  I  have  not  forgotten,' 
said  Sancho,  '  that  you  do  not  correct  my  words,  if  so  be 
you  understand  my  meaning  ;  and  when  you  do  not  under- 
stand them,  cry,  ''  Sancho,  or  devil,  I  understand  thee 
not";  and  if  I  do  not  express  myself,  then  you  may 
correct  me,  for  I  am  so  focible.' 

'  I  understand  thee  not,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  for  I  know  not  the  meaning  of  your  focible.'  *  So  focible 
is,'  said  Sancho,  '  I  am,  so,  so.'  '  Less  and  less  do  I  under- 
stand,' said  Don  Quixote.  '  Why,  if  you  do  not  under- 
stand,' said  Sancho,  '  I  cannot  do  withal,  I  know  no  more, 
and  God  be  with  me.'  '  Thou  meanest  docible,  I  believe, 
and  that  thou  art  so  pliant  and  so  taking  that  thou  wilt 
apprehend  what  I  shall  tell  thee,  and  learn  what  I  shall 
instruct  thee  in.' 

'  I'll  lay  a  wager,'  said  Sancho,  '  you  searched  and  under- 
stood me  at  first,  but  that  you  would  put  me  out,  and 
hear  me  blunder  out  a  hundred  or  two  of  follies.'  '  It 
may  be  so,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  what  says  Teresa  ?' 
'  Teresa  bids  me  make  sure  work  with  you,  and  that  we 
may  have  less  saying  and  more  doing  ;  for  great  sayers 
are  small  doers.  A  bird  in  the  hand  is  worth  two  in  the 
bush  ;  and  I  say  a  woman's  advice  is  but  slender,  yet  he 
that  refuseth  it  is  a  madman.'  'I  say  so  too,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  but  say,  friend  Sancho,  proceed  ;  for  to-day 
thou  speakest  preciously.' 

'  The  business  is,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that,  as  you  better 


Chap.  VII  SANCHO   ASKS   WAGES  231 

know  than  I,  we  are  all  mortal  here  to-day,  and  gone  to- 
morrow, as  soon  goes  the  young  lamb  to  the  roast  as  the 
old  sheep  ;  and  no  man  can  promise  himself  more  days 
than  God  hath  given  him  ;  for  death  is  deaf,  and  when 
she  knocks  at  life's  door,  she  is  in  haste  ;  neither  threats, 
nor  entreaties,  nor  sceptres,  nor  mitres  can  stay  her,  as  the 
common  voice  goes,  and  as  they  tell  us  in  pulpits.' 

'  All  this  is  true,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  *  but  I  know 
not  where  thou  meanest  to  stop.'  '  My  stop  is,'  quoth 
Sancho,  *  that  your  worship  allow  me  some  certain 
wages  by  the  month,  for  the  time  that  I  shall  serve 
you  ;  ^  and  that  the  said  wages  be  paid  me  out  of  your 
substance  ;  for  I'll  trust  no  longer  to  good  turns,  which 
come  either  slowly,  or  meanly,  or  never  ;  God  give  me 
joy  of  mine  own  !  In  a  word,  I  must  know  what  I  may 
gain,  little  or  much ;  for  the  hen  lays  as  well  upon  one  egg 
as  many,  and  many  littles  make  a  mickle  ;  and  whilst 
something  is  gotten  nothing  is  lost.  Indeed,  if  it  should  so 
happen,  which  I  neither  believe  nor  hope  for,  that  your 
worship  should  give  me  the  island  you  promised  me,  I  am 
not  so  ungrateful,  nor  would  carry  things  with  such 
extremity,  as  not  to  have  the  rent  of  that  island  prized, 
and  so  to  discount  for  the  wages  I  received,  cantity  for 
cantity.'  '  Is  not  quantity  as  much  worth  as  cantity, 
friend  Sancho  ? '  answered  Don  Quixote.  '  I  understand 
you  now,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  dare  lay  anything  that  I 
should  have  said  quantity,  and  not  cantity  :  but  that's  no 
matter,  seeing  you  have  understood  me.' 

'  I  understand  you  very  well,'  answered  Don  Quixote, 
'  and  have  penetrated  the  utmost  of  your  thoughts,  and 
know  very  well  what  mark  you  aim  at,  with  the  innumer- 
able arrows  of  your  proverbs.  Look  ye,  Sancho,  I  could 
willingly  alfFord  you  wages,  if  I  had  found  in  any  histories 
of  knights-errant  any  example  that  might  give  me  light 
through  the  least  chink  of  any  wages  given  monthly  or 
yearly  ;  but  I  have  read  all  or  the  most  part  of  their 
histories,  and  do  not  remember  that  ever  I  have  read  that 
any  knight-errant  hath  allowed  any  set  wages  to  his  squire  ; 

^  The  custom  of  Spain  is  to  pay  their  servants'  wages  by  the  month. 


232  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

only  I  know  that  all  lived  upon  countenance,  and,  when 
they  least  dreamt  of  it,  if  their  masters  had  good  luck, 
they  were  rewarded  either  with  an  island  or  some  such 
thing  equivalent,  and  at  least  they  remained  with  honour 
and  title.  If  you,  Sancho,  upon  these  hopes  and  addita- 
ments  have  a  mind  to  return  to  my  service,  a'  God's  name  ; 
but  to  think  that  I  will  pluck  the  old  use  of  knight- 
errantry  out  of  his  bounds,  and  off  the  hinges,  is  a  mere 
impossibility.  So  that,  Sancho,  you  may  go  home  and  tell 
your  Teresa  mine  intention  ;  and  if  that  she  and  you  will 
rely  upon  my  favour,  bene  quidem  ;  and,  if  not,  let's  part 
friends  ;  for,  if  my  pigeon-house  have  cumins,  it  will  want 
no  doves.  And  take  this  by  the  way,  "  A  good  expecta- 
tion is  better  than  a  bad  possession,  and  a  good  demand 
better  than  an  ill  pay."  I  speak  thus,  Sancho,  that  you 
may  plainly  see  I  know  as  well  as  you  to  sprinkle  proverbs 
like  rain-showers.  Lastly,  let  me  tell  you,  if  you  will  not 
trust  to  my  reward,  and  run  the  same  fortune  with  me, 
God  keep  you,  and  make  you  a  saint  ;  for  I  shall  not 
want  more  obedient  squires,  and  more  careful,  and  not  so 
irksome  nor  so  talkative  as  you.' 

When  Sancho  heard  his  master's  firm  resolution,  he 
waxed  cloudy,  and  the  wings  of  his  heart  began  to  stoop, 
for  he  thought  verily  his  master  would  not  go  without  him 
for  all  the  treasure  in  the  world.  Thus  being  doubtful 
and  pensative,  Samson  Carrasco  entered,  and  the  niece, 
desirous  to  hear  how  he  persuaded  her  master  that  he 
should  not  return  to  his  adventures. 

In  came  Samson,  a  notable  crack-rope,  and,  embracing 
him  as  at  first,  began  in  this  loud  key  :  '  O  flower  of 
chivalry,  bright  light  of  arms,  honour  and  mirror  of  our 
Spanish  nation !  may  it  please  Almighty  God  of  His 
infinite  goodness,  that  he  or  they  that  hinder  or  disturb 
this  thy  third  sally,  that  they  never  find  it  in  the  labyrinth 
of  their  desires,  nor  let  the  ill  they  wish  for  ever  be 
accomplished.'  And,  turning  to  the  old  woman,  he  said  : 
'  You  need  no  longer  pray  the  orison  of  Saint  Apolonia, 
for  I  know  the  determination  of  the  spheres  is  that  Don 
Quixote  put  in  execution  his  lofty  and  new  designs  ;  and  I 


Chap.  VII  CARRASCO'S   OFFER  233 

should  much  burden  my  conscience  if  I  should  not 
persuade  and  intimate  unto  this  knight  that  he  do  no 
longer  withdraw  and  hold  back  the  force  of  his  valorous 
arm,  and  the  courage  of  his  most  valiant  mind,  for 
with  his  delaying  he  defrauds  the  rectifying  of  wrongs, 
the  protection  of  orphans,  the  honour  of  damsels,  the 
bulwark  of  married  women,  and  other  matters  of  this 
quality,  which  concern,  appertain,  depend,  and  are  annexed 
unto  the  order  of  knight-errantry.  Go  on  then,  my 
beautiful,  my  brave  Don  Quixote,  rather  to-day  than 
to-morrow  ;  let  your  greatness  be  upon  the  way ;  and, 
if  anything  be  wanting  to  your  journey,  here  am  I  to 
supply  with  my  wealth,  with  my  person,  and,  if  need 
be,  to  be  thy  magnificence  his  squire,  which  I  shall 
hold  a  most  happy  fortune.' 

Then  said  Don  Quixote,  turning  to  Sancho,  *Did 
not  I  tell  thee,  Sancho,  that  I  should  want  no  squires  ? 
See  who  offers  himself  to  me  ;  the  most  rare  bachelor 
Samson  Carrasco,  the  perpetual  darling  and  delighter 
of  the  Salamancan  schools,  sound  and  active  of  body, 
silent,  suffering  of  heats  and  colds,  hunger  and  thirst, 
with  all  the  abilities  that  belong  to  the  squire  of  a 
knight-errant :  but  Heaven  forbid  that  for  my  pleasure 
I  hox  and  break  off  the  column  of  learning,  the  vessel 
of  sciences,  and  that  I  lop  off  the  eminent  branch  of  the 
liberal  arts :  remain  thou  another  Samson  in  thy 
country,  honour  it  and  those  grey  hairs  of  thine  aged 
parents,  for  I  will  content  myself  with  any  squire,  since 
Sancho  deigns  not  to  attend  me.* 

'I  do  deign,'  said  Sancho,  all  tender,  and  the  tears 
standing  in  his  eyes,  and  thus  proceeds :  '  It  shall  not 
be  said,  master,  for  me,  "  No  longer  pipe  no  longer 
dance ''  ;  nor  am  I  made  of  hardest  oak,  for  all  the  world 
knows,  and  especially  my  town,  who  the  Panzas  were, 
from  whom  I  descend  ;  besides,  I  know  and  have  searched 
out,  by  many  good  works  and  many  good  words,  the 
desire  that  your  worship  hath  to  do  me  a  kindness,  and, 
if  I  have  been  to  blame  to  meddle  in  reckonings  con- 
cerning my  wages,  it  was  to  please  my  wife,  who,  when 


234  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

she  once  falls  into  a  vein  of  persuading,  there's  no 
hammer  that  doth  so  fasten  the  hoops  of  a  bucket  as 
she  doth,  till  she  obtain  what  she  would  have.  But  how- 
soever the  husband  must  be  husband,  and  the  wife  wife  ; 
and,  since  I  am  a  man  everywhere — I  cannot  deny  that — 
I  will  also  be  so  at  home  in  spite  of  any  ;  so  that  there's 
no  more  to  be  done  but  that  you  make  your  will  and  set 
to  your  codicil,  in  such  sort  that  it  may  not  be  revolked, 
and  let's  straight  to  our  journey,  that  Master  Samson's 
soul  may  not  suffer ;  for  he  saith  his  conscience  is  unquiet 
till  he  have  persuaded  you  to  your  third  sally  through  the 
world,  and  I  afresh  offer  my  service  faithfully  and  loyally, 
as  well  and  better  than  any  squire  that  ever  served  knight- 
errant  in  former  times,  or  in  present.' 

The  bachelor  wondered  to  hear  Sancho's  manner  and 
method  of  speaking ;  for,  though  in  the  first  history  he 
had  read  of  his  master,  he  never  thought  Sancho  had 
been  so  witty  as  they  there  paint  him  out ;  yet  hearing  him 
now  mention  will  and  codicil,  revolking  instead  of  revoking, 
he  believed  all  that  he  had  read  of  him,  and  confirmed 
him  to  be  one  of  the  most  solemnest  coxcombs  of  our 
age,  and  said  to  himself  that  two  such  madmen  as  master 
and  man  were  not  in  all  the  world  again. 

Now  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  embraced,  and  remained 
friends,  and  with  the  grand  Carrasco's  approbation  and 
goodwill,  who  was  then  their  oracle,  it  was  decreed  that 
within  three  days  they  should  depart,  in  which  they  might 
have  time  to  provide  all  things  necessary  for  their  voyage, 
and  to  get  an  helmet,  which  Don  Quixote  said  he  must  by 
all  means  carry.  Samson  offered  him  one,  for  he  knew  a 
friend  of  his  would  not  deny  it  him,  although  it  were 
fouler  with  mould  and  rust  than  bright  with  smooth  steel. 

The  niece  and  old  woman  cursed  the  bachelor  unmerci- 
fully; they  tore  their  hair,  scratched  their  faces,  and, 
as  your  funeral  mourners  use,  they  howled  at  their  master's 
departure,  as  if  he  had  been  a  dead  man.  The  design  that 
Samson  had  to  persuade  him  to  this  third  sally  was  to  do 
what  the  history  tells  us  hereafter,  all  by  the  advice  of  the 
vicar  and  the  barber,  to  whom  he  had  before  communicated 


Chap.  VIII         THE   THIRD   DEPARTURE  235 

it.  Well,  in  those  three  days,  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho 
fitted  themselves  with  what  they  thought  they  needed ; 
and,  Sancho  having  set  down  the  time  to  his  wife,  and 
Don  Quixote  to  his  niece  and  the  old  woman,  toward  night, 
without  taking  leave  of  anybody  but  the  bachelor,  who 
would  needs  bring  them  half  a  league  from  the  town,  they 
took  their  way  towards  Toboso,  Don  Quixote  upon  his 
good  Rozinante,  and  Sancho  on  his  old  Dapple.  His 
wallets  were  stuffed  with  provant,  and  his  purse  with 
money  that  Don  Quixote  gave  him  for  their  expenses. 
Samson  embraced  him  and  desired  him  that  he  might  hear 
of  his  good  or  ill  fortune,  to  rejoice  for  the  one  or  be  sorry 
for  the  other,  as  the  law  of  friendship  did  require.  Don 
Quixote  made  him  a  promise,  Samson  returned  home,  and 
the  two  went  on  towards  the  famous  city  of  Toboso. 


CHAPTER  Vni 

What  befel  Don  ^ixote,  S^^^S  ^^  ^^^  ^^^  Mistress 
Dulcinea  del  'Toboso 

'  Blessed  be  the  powerful  Ala! '  saith  Hamet  Benengeli,  at 
the  beginning  of  this  eighth  chapter.^  '  Blessed  be  Ala  ! ' 
which  he  thrice  repeated,  and  said  that  he  rendered  these 
benedictions  to  see  that  now  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho 
were  upon  their  march,  and  that  the  readers  of  their 
delightful  history  may  reckon  that  from  this  time  the 
exploits  and  conceits  of  Don  Quixote  and  his  squire  do 
begin.  He  persuades  them  that  they  should  forget  the 
former  chivalry  of  the  noble  knight,  and  fix  their  eyes  upon 
his  acts  to  come,  which  begin  now  in  his  way  towards 
Toboso,  as  the  former  did  in  the  fields  of  Montiel ;  and  it 
is  a  small  request,  for  so  much  as  he  is  to  perform ;  so  he 
proceeds,  saying : 

^ '  Ala  '  amongst  the  Moors  is  as  much  as  *  Mahomet '  amongst  the 
Turks. 


236  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  were  now  all  alone,  and  Samson 
was  scarce  gone  from  them,  when  Rozinante  began  to 
neigh,  and  Dapple  to  sigh,  which  both  by  knight  and 
squire  were  held  for  lucky  signs  and  an  happy  presaging, 
though,  if  the  truth  were  told,  Dapple's  sighs  and  brayings 
were  more  than  the  horse's  neighing,  whereupon  Sancho 
collected  that  his  fortune  should  exceed  and  overtop  his 
master's,  building  I  know  not  upon  what  judicial  astrology, 
that  sure  he  knew,  although  the  history  says  nothing  of  it ; 
only  he  would  often  say  when  he  fell  down  or  stumbled, 
he  would  have  been  glad  not  to  have  gone  abroad,  for 
of  stumbling  or  falling  came  nothing  but  tearing  his  shoes 
or  breaking  a  rib  ;  and,  though  he  were  a  fool,  yet  he  was 
not  out  in  this. 

Don  Quixote  said  unto  him  :  '  Friend  Sancho,  the  night 
comes  on  us  apace,  and  it  will  grow  too  dark  for  us  to 
reach  Toboso  ere  it  be  day,  whither  I  am  determined  to  go 
before  I  undertake  any  adventure  ;  and  there  I  mean  to 
receive  a  benediction,  and  take  leave  of  the  peerless 
Dulcinea  del  Toboso,  after  which  I  know  and  am  assured 
I  shall  end  and  close  up  every  dangerous  adventure,  for 
nothing  makes  knights-errant  more  hardy  than  to  see 
themselves  favoured  by  their  mistresses.'  '  I  believe  it,' 
quoth  Sancho  ;  *  but  I  doubt  you  will  not  speak  with  her ; 
at  least,  not  see  her  where  you  may  receive  her  blessing,  if 
she  give  you  it  not  from  the  mud  walls  where  I  saw  her 
the  first  time,  when  I  carried  the  letter  and  news  of  your 
mad  pranks  which  you  were  playing  in  the  heart  of  Sierra 
Morena.' 

'  Were  those  mud  walls  in  thy  fantasy,  Sancho,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,  '  where  or  thorough  which  thou  sawest  that 
never-enough-praised  gentleness  and  beauty  ?  They  were 
not  so,  but  galleries,  walks,  or  goodly  stone  pavements — or 
how  call  ye  'em  ? — of  rich  and  royal  palaces.'  *  All  this 
might  be,'  answered  Sancho,  *  but  to  me  they  seemed  no 
better,  as  I  remember.'  '  Yet  let's  go  thither,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  for,  so  I  see  her,  let  them  be  mud  walls  or  not, 
or  windows  ;  all  is  one  whether  I  see  her  thorough  chinks 
or  thorough  garden  lattices,  for  each  ray  that  comes  from 


Chap.  VIII         SANCHO   AND    DULCINEA  237 

the  sun  of  her  brightness  to  mine  eyes  will  lighten  mine 
understanding  and  strengthen  mine  heart,  and  make  me  sole 
and  rare  in  my  wisdom  and  valour.' 

'  Truly,  sir,'  said  Sancho,  *  when  I  saw  that  sun,  it  was 
not  so  bright  that  it  cast  any  rays  from  it ;  and  belike  'twas 
that,  as  she  was  winnowing  the  wheat  I  told  you  of,  the 
dust  that  came  from  it  was  like  a  cloud  upon  her  face,  and 
dimmed  it.' 

'Still  dost  thou  think,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
*  believe,  and  grow  obstinate  that  my  mistress  Dulcinea 
was  winnowing,  it  being  a  labour  so  unfit  for  persons  of 
quality,  that  use  other  manners  of  exercises  and  recreation, 
which  show  a  flight-shoot  off  their  nobleness  !  Thou  dost 
ill  remember  those  verses  of  our  poet,  where  he  paints  out 
unto  us  the  exercises  which  those  four  nymphs  used  in 
their  crystal  habitations,  when  they  advanced  their  heads 
above  the  loved  Tagus,^  and  sat  in  the  green  fields  working 
those  rich  embroideries  which  the  ingenious  poet  there 
describes  unto  us,  all  which  were  of  gold,  of  purl,  and 
woven  with  embossed  pearls.  Such  was  the  work  of  my 
mistress  when  thou  sawest  her,  but  that  the  envy  which 
some  base  enchanter  bears  to  mine  affairs  turns  all  that 
should  give  me  delight  into  different  shapes  ;  and  this 
makes  me  fear  that  the  history  of  my  exploits  which  is  in 
print — if  so  be  some  wizard  my  enemy  were  the  author — 
that  he  hath  put  one  thing  for  another,  mingling  with  one 
truth  a  hundred  lies,  diverting  himself  to  tell  tales  not 
fitting  the  continuing  of  a  true  history.  O  envy,  thou 
root  of  infinite  evils,  thou  worm  of  virtues  !  All  vices, 
Sancho,  do  bring  a  kind  of  pleasure  with  them  ;  but  envy 
hath  nothing  but  distaste,  rancour,  and  raving.' 

'  I  am  of  that  mind  too,'  said  Sancho  ;  *  and  I  think  that 
in  the  history  that  Carrasco  told  us  of,  that  he  had  seen  of 
us,  that  my  credit  is  turned  topsy-turvy,  and,  as  they  say, 
goes  a-begging.  Well,  as  I  am  honest  man  I  never  spoke 
ill  of  any  enchanter,  neither  am  I  so  happy  as  to  be  envied ; 
true  it  is  that  I  am  somewhat  malicious  and  have  certain 
knavish  glimpses  ;  but  all  is  covered  and  hid  under  the 

^A  river  in  Spain. 


238  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

large  cloak  of  my  simplicity,  always  natural  to  me,  but 
never  artificial ;  and  if  there  were  nothing  else  in  me  but 
my  belief  (for  I  believe  in  God,  and  in  all  that  the 
Roman  Church  believes,  and  am  sworn  a  mortal  enemy 
to  the  Jews),  the  historians  ought  to  pity  me  and  use 
me  well  in  their  writings.  But,  let  'em  say  what  they 
will,  naked  was  I  born,  naked  I  am  ;  I  neither  win  nor 
lose  ;  and,  though  they  put  me  in  books,  and  carry  me 
up  and  down  from  hand  to  hand,  I  care  not  a  fig,  let 
'em  say  what  they  will.' 

*  'Twas  just  the  same,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
happened  to  a  famous  poet  of  our  times,  who,  having 
made  a  malicious  satire  against  all  the  courtesans,  he  left 
out  one  amongst  them,  as  doubting  whether  she  were 
one  or  no,  who,  seeing  she  was  not  in  the  scroll  among 
the  rest,  took  it  unkindly  from  the  poet,  asking  him  what 
he  had  seen  in  her  that  he  should  not  put  her  amongst 
the  rest,  and  desired  him  to  enlarge  his  satire,  and  put 
her  in  the  spare  room  ;  if  not,  she  would  scratch  out 
his  eyes.  The  poet  consented,  and  set  her  down  with 
a  vengeance  ;  and  she  was  satisfied  to  see  herself  famous, 
although  indeed  infamous.  Besides,  the  tale  of  the  shep- 
herd agrees  with  this  that  set  Diana's  Temple  on  fire, 
which  was  one  of  the  Seven  Wonders  of  the  World, 
because  he  would  be  talked  of  for  it ;  and,  although 
there  were  an  edict  that  no  man  should  either  mention 
him  by  speaking  or  writing,  that  he  might  not  attain  to 
his  desire,  yet  his  name  was  known  to  be  Erostratus.  The 
same  allusion  may  be  had  out  of  an  accident  that  befel 
the  great  Emperor  Charles  the  Fifth  with  a  knight  of 
Rome.  The  emperor  was  desirous  to  see  the  famous 
temple  of  the  Rotunda,  which  in  ancient  times  was  called 
"  the  Temple  of  All  the  Gods,"  and  now,  by  a  better 
style,  "  of  all  Saints,"  and  it  is  the  only  entire  edifice 
that  hath  remained  of  all  the  Gentiles  in  Rome,  and  that 
which  doth  most  conserve  the  glory  and  magnificence  of 
its  founders.  'Tis  made  like  an  half  orange,  exceeding 
large  and  very  lightsome,  having  but  one  window  that 
gives  it  light,  or,  to  say  truer,  but  one  round  louver  on 


Chap.  VIII  THE   DESIRE   FOR   FAME  239 

the  top  of  it.  The  emperor  looking  on  the  edifice,  there 
was  a  Roman  knight  with  him  that  showed  him  the 
devices  and  contriving  of  that  great  work  and  memor- 
able architecture,  and,  stepping  from  the  louver,  said  to 
the  emperor  :  "  A  thousand  times,  mighty  monarch,  have 
I  desired  to  seize  your  majesty,  and  cast  myself  down 
from  this  louver,  to  leave  an  everlasting  fame  behind 
me."  "  I  thank  you,"  said  the  emperor,  "  that  you  have 
not  performed  it,  and  henceforward  I  will  give  you  no 
such  occasion  to  show  your  loyalty ;  and  therefore  I 
command  you  that  you  neither  speak  to  me  nor  come 
to  my  presence."  And,  for  all  these  words,  he  rewarded 
him.  ril  tell  you,  Sancho,  this  desire  of  honour  is  an 
itching  thing.  What  dost  thou  think  cast  Horatius  from 
the  bridge  all  armed  into  deep  Tiber  ?  What  egged 
Curtius  to  launch  himself  into  the  lake  ?  What  made 
Mutius  burn  his  hand  ?  What  forced  Caesar  against  all  the 
soothsayers  to  pass  the  Rubicon  ?  And,  to  give  you  more 
modern  examples,  what  was  it  bored  those  ships,  and  left 
those  valorous  Spaniards  on  ground,  guided  by  the  most 
courteous  Cortez  in  the  New  World  ?  All  these  and  other 
great  and  several  exploits  are,  have  been,  and  shall  be  the 
works  of  fame,  which  mortals  desire  as  a  reward  and  part 
of  the  immortality  which  their  famous  arts  deserve ; 
though  we  that  be  Christian  Catholic  knights-errant 
must  look  more  to  the  happiness  of  another  world,  which 
is  eternal  in  the  ethereal  and  celestial  regions,  than  to  the 
vanity  of  fame,  which  is  gotten  in  this  present  frail  age, 
and  which,  let  it  last  as  long  as  it  will,  it  must  have  ending 
with  this  world  which  hath  its  limited  time ;  so  that,  O 
Sancho,  our  actions  must  not  pass  the  bounds  that  Chris- 
tian religion,  which  we  profess,  hath  put  us  in.  In  giants 
we  must  kill  pride,  Qnvy  in  generousness  and  noble 
breasts ;  anger  in  a  continent,  reposed,  and  quiet  mind  ; 
riot  and  drowsiness  in  temperance  and  vigilance ;  lascivious- 
ness  in  the  loyalty  we  observe  to  those  that  we  have  made 
the  mistresses  of  our  thoughts ;  and  sloth  by  travelling 
up  and  down  the  world,  seeking  occasions  that  may  make 
us,  beside  Christians,  famous  knights.     These,  Sancho,  are 


240  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

the  means  by  which  the  extremes  of  glory  are  obtained, 
which  fame  brings  with  it/ 

'  All  that  you  have  hitherto  spoken,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  I 
understand  passing  well;  but  I  would  fain  have  you  zolve 
me  of  one  doubt,  which  even  now  comes  into  my  head.* 
'  Resolve,'  thou  wouldst  say,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote; 
'  speak  i'  God's  name,  for  I'll  answer  thee  as  well  as  I 
can.'  *  Tell  me,  sir,'  said  Sancho ;  '  these  Julies  or 
Augusts,  and  all  these  famous  knights  you  talk  of,  that 
are  dead,  where  are  they  now  ? '  '  The  Gentiles,'  said  he, 
'  undoubtedly  are  in  hell ;  the  Christians,  if  they  were 
good  Christians,  either  in  purgatory^  or  in  hell.'  '  'Tis 
very  well ;  but  the  sepulchres  where  the  bodies  of  these 
great  lordings  lie  interred,  have  they  silver  lamps  ^  burn- 
ing before  them,  or  are  their  chapel  walls  decked  with 
crutches,  winding-sheets,  periwigs,  legs,  and  wax  eyes  ? 
And,  if  not  with  these,  with  what  ? '  '  The  sepulchres  of 
the  Gentiles,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  were,  for  the  most  part, 
sumptuous  temples.  The  ashes  of  Julius  Caesar's  body 
were  put  upon  a  huge  pyramis  of  stone,  which  at  this  day 
is  called  Saint  Peter's  Needle.  The  Emperor  Adrian's 
sepulchre  was  a  great  castle  as  big  as  a  pretty  village  ;  it 
was  called  Moles  Adriani,  and,  at  this  day,  the  Castle  of 
Saint  Angelo  in  Rome.  Queen  Artemisia  buried  her  hus- 
band Mausolus  in  a  sepulchre  which  was  held  to  be  one 
of  the  Seven  Wonders  of  the  World.  But  none  of  all 
these,  nor  many  others  the  Gentiles  had,  were  decked  with 
winding-sheets,  nor  any  kind  of  offerings  or  signs  that 
testified  they  were  saints  that  were  buried  in  them.' 

'  That's  it  I  come  to,'  said  Sancho ;  '  and  tell  me  now, 
which  is  more,  to  raise  a  dead  man  or  to  kill  a  giant  ? ' 
'  The  answer  is  at  hand,'  said  Don  Quixote :  '  to  raise  a 
dead  man.'  '  There  I  caught  you,'  quoth  Sancho. 
'  Then,  the  fame  of  him  that  raiseth  the  dead,  gives  sight 
to  the  blind,  makes  the  lame  walk,  restoreth  sick  men, 
who  hath  lamps  burning  before  his  sepulchre,  whose  chapel 
is  full  of  devout  people,  which  upon  their  knees  adore  his 

^According  to  the  Romish  opinion,  erroneous. 

2  Relics  that  use  to  be  hanged  up  in  the  papists'  churches. 


Chap.  VIII   KNIGHTS-ERRANT  AND   FRIARS  241 

relics, — this  man  hath  greater  renown,  and  in  another 
world,  than  ever  any  of  your  Gentile  emperors  or  knights- 
errant  ever  left  behind  them.' 

'  1  grant  you  that,'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  *  Well,' 
answered  Sancho,  '  this  fame,  these  graces,  these  pre- 
rogatives— how  call  ye  'em  i^ — have  the  bodies  and  relics 
of  saints,  that,  by  the  approbation  and  license  of  our  holy 
Mother  the  Church,  have  their  lamps,  their  lights,  their 
winding-sheets,  their  crutches,  their  pictures,  their  heads 
of  hair,  their  eyes  and  legs,  by  which  they  increase  men's 
devotions,  and  endear  their  Christian  fame.  Kings  carry 
the  bodies  of  saints  or  their  relics  upon  their  shoulders ; 
they  kiss  the  pieces  of  their  bones,  and  do  deck  and  enrich 
their  chapels  with  them,  and  their  most  precious  altars.' 

*  What  will  you  have  me  infer  from  all  this,  Sancho  ? ' 
quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  I  mean,'  said  Sancho,  '  that  we 
endeavour  to  be  saints,  and  we  shall  the  sooner  obtain  the 
fame  we  look  after.  And  let  me  tell  you,  sir,  that  yester- 
day or  t'other  day, — for  so  I  may  say,  it  being  not  long 
since, — there  were  two  poor  barefoot  friars  canonised  or 
beatified,  and  now  many  think  themselves  happy  to  kiss  or 
touch  those  iron  chains  with  which  they  girt  and  tormented 
their  bodies  ;  and  they  are  more  reverenced  than  is,  as  I 
said,  Roldan's  sword  in  the  armoury  of  our  lord  the  King 
— God  save  him  !  So  that,  master  mine,  better  it  is  to  be 
a  poor  friar,  of  what  order  soever,  than  a  valiant  knight- 
errant  ;  a  dozen  or  two  of  lashes  obtain  more  at  God's 
hands  than  two  thousand  blows  with  the  lance,  whether 
they  be  given  to  giants,  to  spirits,  or  hobgoblins.' 

'  All  this  is  true,'  answered  Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  all  can- 
not be  friars,  and  God  Almighty  hath  many  ways  by  which 
He  carries  His  elect  to  heaven.  Cavallery  is  a  religion, 
and  you  have  many  knights  saints  in  heaven.'  '  That 
may  be,'  said  Sancho  ;  *  but  I  have  heard  you  have  more 
friars  there  than  knights-errant.'  *  That  is,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  because  the  religious  in  number  are  more  than 
the  knights.'  '  But  there  are  many  knights-errant,'  said 
Sancho.  '  Many,  indeed,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  but  few 
that  deserve  the  name.' 

11.  Q 


242  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

In  these  and  such-like  discourses  they  passed  the  whole 
night  and  the  next  day,  without  lighting  upon  anything 
worth  relation,  for  which  Don  Quixote  was  not  a  little 
sorry  ;  at  last,  the  next  day  toward  night,  they  discovered 
the  goodly  city  of  Toboso,  with  which  sight  Don  Quixote's 
spirits  were  revived,  but  Sancho's  dulled,  because  he  knew 
not  Dulcinea's  house,  nor  ever  saw  her  in  his  life,  no  more 
than  his  master  ;  so  that,  the  one  to  see  her,  and  the  other 
because  he  had  not  seen  her,  were  at  their  wits'  end,  and 
Sancho  knew  not  how  to  do,  if  his  master  should  send  him 
to  Toboso.  But  Don  Quixote  resolved  to  enter  the  city 
in  the  night,  and  till  the  time  came  they  stayed  between 
certain  oaks  that  were  near  Toboso  ;  and,  the  prefixed 
moment  being  come,  they  entered  the  city,  where  they 
lighted  upon  things,  things  indeed. 


CHAPTER   IX 

Where  is  set  down  as  followeth 

Midnight  was  near  spun  out  when  Don  Quixote  and 
Sancho  left  the  mountain  and  entered  the  city :  the  town 
was  all  hushed,  and  the  dwellers  were  asleep  with  their 
legs  stretched  at  length,  as  they  say ;  the  night  was  bright- 
some,  though  Sancho  wished  it  had  been  darker,  that  he 
might  not  see  his  madness ;  the  dogs  in  the  town  did 
nothing  but  bark  and  thunder  in  Don  Quixote's  ears,  and 
affrighted  Sancho's  heart ;  now  and  then  an  ass  brayed, 
hogs  grunted,  cats  mewed,  whose  different  bowlings  were 
augmented  with  the  silent  night ;  all  which  the  enamoured 
knight  held  to  be  ominous,  but  yet  he  spoke  to  Sancho : 
'  Son  Sancho,'  said  he,  *  guide  to  Dulcinea's  palace  ;  it  may 
be  we  shall  find  her  waking.'  '  Body  of  the  sun ! '  quoth 
Sancho,  '  to  what  palace  shall  I  guide  .^  for  where  I  saw 
her  highness  it  was  a  little  house.'  '  Belike,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  she  was  retired  into  some  corner  of  her  palace 


Chap.  IX  IN   QUEST  OF   DULCINEA  243 

to  solace  herself  in  private  with  her  damosels,  as  great 
ladies  and  princesses  use  to  do.'  *  Sir/  quoth  Sancho, 
'  since,  whether  I  will  or  no,  you  will  have  my  mistress 
Dulcinea's  house  to  be  a  palace,  do  you  think  nevertheless 
this  to  be  a  fit  time  of  night  to  find  the  door  open  in  ? 
Do  you  think  it  fit  that  we  bounce,  that  they  may  hear 
and  let  us  in,  to  disquiet  the  whole  town  ?  Are  we  going 
to  a  bawdy-house,  think  ye,  like  your  whoremasters  that 
come  and  call  and  enter  at  what  hour  they  list,  how  late 
soever  it  be  .^^  *  '  First  of  all,  to  make  one  thing  sure,  let's 
find  the  palace,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  *and  then,  Sancho, 
I'll  tell  thee  what's  fit  to  be  done.  And  look,  Sancho, 
either  my  sight  fails  me  or  that  great  bulk  and  shadow  that 
we  see  is  Dulcinea's  palace.'  '  Well,  guide  on,  sir,'  said 
Sancho  ;  '  it  may  be  it  is  so,  though  I'll  first  see  it  with  my 
eyes,  and  feel  it  with  my  hands,  and  believe  it  as  much  as 
it  is  now  day.' 

Don  Quixote  led  on,  and,  having  walked  about  some 
two  hundred  paces,  he  lighted  on  the  bulk  that  made  the 
shadow,  and  saw  a  great  steeple,  which  he  perceived  was 
not  the  palace,  but  of  the  chief  church  in  the  town.  Then 
said  he,  *  Sancho,  we  are  come  to  the  church.'  'I  see  it 
very  well,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  and  I  pray  God  we  come  not  to 
our  graves  ;  for  it  is  no  good  sign  to  haunt  churchyards  so 
late,  especially  since  I  told  you,  as  I  remember,  that  this 
lady's  house  is  in  a  little  alley  without  passage  through.' 
'A  pox  on  thee,  blockhead!'  said  Don  Quixote;  'where 
hast  thou  ever  found  that  king's  houses  and  palaces 
have  been  built  in  such  alleys .f*'  'Sir,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  every  country  hath  their  several  fashions.  It  may  be 
here  in  Toboso  they  build  their  great  buildings  thus,  and 
therefore  pray,  sir,  give  me  leave  to  look  up  and  down  the 
streets  or  lanes  that  lie  in  my  way,  and  it  may  be  that  in 
some  corner  I  may  light  upon  this  palace — the  devil  take 
it! — that  thus  mocks  and  misleads  us.'  'Speak  mannerly, 
sir,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  'of  my  mistress'  things,  and 
let's  be  merry  and  wise,  and  cast  not  the  rope  after  the 
bucket.' 

'  I  will  forbear,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  but  how  shall  I  endure 


244  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

that  you  wiU  needs  have  me  be  throughly  acquainted 
with  a  house  I  never  saw  but  once,  and  to  find  it  at 
midnight,  being  you  cannot  find  it  that  have  seen  it  a 
million  of  times  ?'  '  Sirrah,  I  shall  grow  desperate,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote.  '  Come  hither,  heretic.  Have  not  I  told 
thee  a  thousand  times  that  I  never  saw  the  peerless 
Dulcinea,  nor  never  crossed  the  thresholds  of  her  palace, 
and  that  I  only  am  enamoured  on  her  by  hearsay,  and 
the  great  fame  of  her  beauty  and  discretion  ? '  *  Why, 
now  I  hear  you,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  and,  since  you  say  you 
have  never  seen  her — nor  I  neither.'  '  That  cannot  be,' 
said  Don  Quixote  ;  *  for  you  told  me,  at  least,  that  you 
had  seen  her  winnowing  of  wheat,  when  you  brought  me 
the  answer  of  the  letter  I  sent  by  you.'  '  Ne'er  stand 
upon  that,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  for  let  me  tell  you,  that  I  only 
saw  her  by  hearsay  too,  and  so  was  the  answer  I  brought, 
for  I  know  her  as  well  as  I  can  box  the  moon.'  '  Sancho, 
Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  there's  a  time  to  laugh  and 
a  time  to  mourn.  Not  because  I  say  I  have  neither  seen 
nor  spoken  to  the  mistress  of  my  soul  shouldest  thou 
say  thou  hast  neither  seen  nor  spoken  to  her,  it  being 
otherwise,  as  thou  knowest.' 

Being  in  this  discourse,  they  saw  one  passing  by  them 
with  two  mules,  and  by  the  noise  the  plough  made  which 
they  drew  upon  the  ground  they  might  see  it  was  some 
husbandman  that  rose  by  break  of  day  to  go  to  his  tillage, 
and  so  it  was  :  as  he  came,  he  went  singing  that  Romante 
of  the  battle  of  Roncesvalles  with  the  Frenchmen.  In 
hearing  of  which  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  Sancho,  hang  me 
if  we  have  any  good  fortune  this  night !  Do  not  you 
hear  what  this  clown  sings  .f^'  'Yes,  marry,  do  I,'  said 
Sancho  ;  '  but  what  doth  the  Chase  of  Roncesvalles  con- 
cern us  ?  'Tis  no  more  than  if  he  had  sung  the  Romante 
of  Calainos  ;^  and  all  one,  for  our  good  or  ill  luck  in  this 
business.' 

By  this  the  ploughman  came  by  them,  and  Don  Quixote 
questioned  him  :  '  Can  you  tell  me,  friend,  so  God  reward 

^  As  if  we  should  have  said  in  English  Chevy  Chase^  or  some  such- 
like. 


Chap.  IX  IN   QUEST   OF   DULCINEA  245 

you,  which  is  the  palace  of  the  peerless  Dulcinea  del 
Toboso?*  'Sir,'  answered  the  young  man,  'I  am  a 
stranger,  and  have  lived  but  a  while  in  this  town,  and 
serve  a  rich  husbandman,  to  till  his  ground  ;  here 
over-against  the  vicar  and  the  sexton  both  live ;  any 
of  them  will  tell  you  of  this  lady  princess,  as  having  a 
list  of  all  the  inhabitants  of  Toboso  ;  although  I  think 
there  is  no  such  princess  here,  but  many  gentlefolk, 
each  of  which    may    be    a    princess  in  her  own  house.' 

*  Why,  friend,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  it  may  be  that 
she  I  ask  for  is  amongst  these.'  '  It  may  be  so,'  said 
the  fellow,  '  and  God  speed  you,  for  now  it  begins  to  be 
day-peep ' ;  and,  switching  his  mules,  he  stayed  for  no 
more  questions. 

Sancho,  seeing  his  master  in  a  deep  suspense  and  very 
malcontent,  told  him,  *  Sir,  the  day  comes  on  apace,  and  it 
will  not  be  so  fit  that  we  sun  ourselves  in  the  street ; 
it  is  better  to  go  out  of  the  city,  and  that  you  shade 
yourself  in  some  grove  hereabouts,  and  I  will  come  back 
anon,  and  not  leave  a  by-place  in  all  this  town,  where  I 
may  search  for  the  house,  castle,  or  palace  of  my  lady,  and 
it  were  ill  luck  if  I  found  her  not ;  and,  if  I  do,  I  will 
speak  with  her  and  let  her  know  where  and  how  you  do, 
expecting  that  she  give  you  order  and  direction  how  you 
may  see  her,  without  any  manner  of  prejudice  to  her 
honour  and  good  name.'     '  Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote, 

*  thou  hast  spoken  a  thousand  sentences,  enclosed  in  the 
circle  of  thy  short  discourse.  The  advice  that  thou  hast 
now  given  me  I  hunger  after,  and  most  lovingly  accept  of. 
Come,  son,  let  us  take  shade,  and  thou  shalt  return,  as 
thou  sayst,  to  seek,  to  see,  and  to  speak  to  my  mistress, 
from  whose  discretion  and  courtesy  I  hope  for  a  thousand 
miraculous  favours.' 

Sancho  stood  upon  thorns  till  he  had  drawn  his  master 
from  the  town,  lest  he  should  verify  the  lie  of  the  answer 
that  he  had  carried  him  from  Dulcinea  to  Sierra  Morena. 
So  he  hastened  him  to  begone,  which  was  presently  done, 
some  two  miles  from  the  town,  where  they  found  a  forest 
or  wood,  where  Don  Quixote  took  shade  ;    and  Sancho 


246  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

returned  to  the  city  to  speak  with  Dulcinea,  in  which 
embassy  matters  befel  him  that  require  a  new  attention, 
and  a  new  belief. 


CHAPTER   X 

How  Sancho   cunningly  enchanted  the    Lady  Dulcinea^  and 
other  Successes^  as  ridiculous  as  true 

The  author  of  this  history,  coming  to  relate  that  which  he 
doth  in  this  chapter,  says  that  he  would  willingly  have 
passed  it  over  in  silence,  as  fearing  not  to  be  believed,  be- 
cause here  Don  Quixote's  madness  did  exceed,  and  was  at 
least  two  flight-shots  beyond  his  greatest  that  ever  was  ; 
but,  for  all  this  fear  and  suspicion,  he  set  it  down  as 
t'other  acted  it,  without  adding  or  diminishing  the  least 
jot  of  truth  in  the  history,  not  caring  for  anything  that 
might  be  objected  against  him  for  a  liar  ;  and  he  had 
reason,  for  truth  is  stretched,  but  never  breaks,  and 
tramples  on  the  lie  as  oil  doth  upon  water ;  and  so, 
prosecuting  his  history,  he  says  that  as  Don  Quixote  had 
shaded  himself  in  the  forest  or  oak-wood  near  the  grand 
Toboso,  he  willed  Sancho  to  return  to  the  city,  and  not  to 
come  to  his  presence  without  he  had  first  spoken  to  his 
mistress  from  him,  requesting  her  that  she  would  please  to 
be  seen  by  her  captived  knight,  and  to  deign  to  bestow 
her  blessing  on  him,  that  by  it  he  might  hope  for  many 
most  prosperous  successes  in  all  his  onsets  and  dangerous 
enterprises.  Sancho  took  on  him  to  fulfil  his  command, 
and  to  bring  him  now  as  good  an  answer  as  the  former. 

'  Go,  lad,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and  be  not  daunted  when 
thou  comest  before  the  beams  of  the  sun  of  beauty,  which 
thou  goest  to  discover.  Oh,  happy  thou  above  all  the 
squires  of  the  world !  be  mindful,  and  forget  not  how  she 
entertains  thee, — if  she  blush  just  at  the  instant  when  thou 
deliverest  my  embassy ;  if  she  be  stirred  and  troubled 
when  she  hears  my  name ;  whether  her  cushion   cannot 


Chap.  X  IN   QUEST   OF   DULCINEA  247 

hold  her,  if  she  be  set  in  the  rich  state  of  her  authority. 
And  if  she  stand  up,  mark  her  whether  she  clap  sometimes 
one  foot  upon  another ;  if  she  repeat  the  answer  she  gives 
thee  twice  or  thrice  over,  or  change  it  from  mild  to  curst, 
from  cruel  to  amorous;  whether  she  seem  to  order  her 
hair,  though  it  be  not  disordered.  Lastly,  observe  all  her 
actions  and  gestures ;  for,  if  thou  relate  them  just  as  they 
were,  I  shall  guess  what  is  hidden  in  her  heart,  touching 
my  love,  in  matter  of  fact;  for  know,  Sancho,  if  thou 
knowest  it  not,  that  the  actions  and  outward  motions  that 
appear,  when  love  is  in  treaty,  are  the  certain  messengers 
that  bring  news  of  what  passeth  within.  Go,  friend ;  and 
better  fortune  guide  thee  than  mine,  and  send  thee  better 
success  than  I  can  expect  'twixt  hope  and  fear  in  this 
uncouth  solitude  in  which  thou  leavest  me.' 

'  I  go,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  will  return  quickly.  Enlarge 
that  little  heart  of  yours,  no  bigger  than  an  hazel-nut,  and 
consider  the  saying,  "Faint  heart  never,"  etc.;  '*  Sweet 
meat  must  have  sour  sauce  " ;  and  another,  "  Where  we 
least  think,  there  goes  the  hare  away."  This  I  say, 
because  that  if  to-night  we  found  not  the  castle  or  palace 
of  my  lady,  now  by  day  I  doubt  not  but  to  find  it,  when 
I  least  dream  of  it,  and  so  to  find  her.'  '  Believe  me, 
Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  always  bringest  thy 
proverbs  so  to  the  hair  of  the  business  we  treat  of  as  God 
give  me  no  worse  fortune  than  I  desire.' 

This  said,  Sancho  turned  his  back  and  switched  his 
Dapple ;  and  Don  Quixote  stayed  a-horseback,  easing 
himself  on  his  stirrups,  and  leaning  on  his  lance,  full  of 
sorrowful  and  confused  thoughts,  where  we  will  leave  him, 
and  wend  with  Sancho,  who  parted  from  his  master  no 
less  troubled  and  pensative  than  he ;  insomuch  that  he 
was  scarce  out  of  the  wood  when,  turning  his  face  and 
seeing  that  Don  Quixote  was  out  of  sight,  he  lighted  from 
his  ass,  and,  resting  at  the  foot  of  a  tree,  he  began  to  dis- 
course thus  to  himself,  and  say,  '  "  Now,  brother  Sancho, 
I  pray  let's  know,  whither  is  your  worship  going  ?  To 
seek  some  ass  that  you  have  lost  ? "  "  No,  forsooth." 
"  Well,  what  is  it  you  seek  for  .'' "     *'  I  seek  a  matter  of 


248  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

nothing — a  princess,  and  in  her  the  sun  of  beauty,  and  all 
heaven  withal."  "  And  where  do  you  think  to  find  this 
you  speak  of,  Sancho  ?  "  "  Where  ?  Why,  in  the  grand 
city  of  Toboso."  "  Well,  and  from  whom  do  you  seek 
her  ? "  '*  From  the  most  famous  knight  Don  Quixote  de 
la  Mancha,  he  that  righteth  wrongs,  gives  the  thirsty 
meat,  and  the  hungry  drink."  ^  "  AH  this  is  well.  And 
do  you  know  her  house,  Sancho  ?  "  "  My  master  says 
it  is  a  royal  palace,  or  a  lofty  tower."  "  And  have 
you  ever  seen  her,  trow  ? "  *^  Neither  he  nor  I,  never." 
"  And  do  you  think  it  were  well  that  the  men  of 
Toboso  should  know  that  you  were  here  to  entice  their 
princesses,  and  to  trouble  their  wenches,  and  should  come 
and  grind  your  ribs  with  bangs,  and  leave  you  never  a 
sound  bone  ?  Indeed,  belike  they  should  consider  that 
you  are  commanded,  friend,  but  as  a  messenger ;  that  you 
are  in  no  fault,  not  you.  Trust  not  to  that,  Sancho,  for 
your  Manchegan  people  are  as  choleric  as  honest,  and  do 
not  love  to  be  jested  with.  In  very  deed,  if  they  smell 
you,  you  are  sure  to  pay  for  it."  "  Ware  hawk,  ware 
hawk  !  No,  no,  let  me  for  another's  pleasure  seek  better 
bread  than's  made  of  wheat !  and  I  may  as  well  find  this 
Dulcinea  as  one  Mary  in  Robena,^  or  a  scholar  in  black  in 
Salamanca.  The  devil,  the  devil,  and  none  else,  hath 
clapped  me  into  this  business." ' 

This  soliloquy  passed  Sancho  with  himself,  and  the 
upshot  was  this  :  '  All  things,'  said  he,  '  have  a  remedy  but 
death,  under  whose  yoke  we  must  all  pass  in  spite  of  our 
teeth,  when  life  ends.  This  master  of  mine,  by  a  thousand 
signs  that  I  have  seen,  is  a  bedlam,  fit  to  be  bound  ;  and  I 
come  not  a  whit  short  of  him,  and  am  the  greater  coxcomb 
of  two,  to  serve  him,  if  the  proverb  be  true  that  says, 
"  Like  master,  like  man"  ;  and  another,  "  Thou  art  known 
by  him  that  doth  thee  feed,  not  by  him  that  doth  thee 
breed."  He  being  thus  mad,  then,  and  subject,  out  of 
madness,  to  mistaking  of  one  thing  for  another,  to  judge 
black  for  white,  and  white  for  black,  as  appeared  when  he 

^  Mistakes  of  simplicity. 

2  As  if  we  should  say,  one  Joan  in  London, 


Chap.  X  SANCHO'S   CONCEIT  249 

said  the  windmills  were  giants,  and  the  friars'  mules  drome- 
daries, and  the  flocks  of  sheep  armies  of  enemies,  and 
much  more  to  this  tune,  it  will  not  be  hard  to  make  him 
believe  that  some  husbandman's  daughter,  the  first  we 
meet  with,  is  the  Lady  Dulcinea  ;  and,  if  he  believe  it 
not,  ril  swear  ;  and,  if  he  swear  I'll  outswear  him  ;  and, 
if  he  be  obstinate,  I'll  be  so  more  :  so  that  I  will  stand  to 
my  tackling,  come  what  will  on  it.  Perhaps  with  mine 
obstinacy  I  shall  so  prevail  with  him  that  he  will  send  me 
no  more  upon  these  kind  of  messages,  seeing  what  bad 
despatch  I  bring  him  ;  or  perhaps  he  will  think  that  some 
wicked  enchanter,  one  of  those  that  he  says  persecute  him, 
hath  changed  her  shape  to  vex  him.' 

With  this  conceit  Sancho's  spirit  was  at  rest,  and  he 
thought  his  business  was  brought  to  a  good  pass  ;  and  so, 
staying  there  till  it  grew  to  be  toward  the  evening,  that 
Don  Quixote  might  think  he  spent  so  much  time  in  going 
and  coming  from  Toboso,  all  fell  out  happily  for  him  ;  for 
when  he  got  up  to  mount  upon  Dapple  he  might  see  three 
country-wenches  coming  towards  him  from  Toboso,  upon 
three  ass-colts,  whether  male  or  female  the  author  declares 
not,  though  it  be  likely  they  were  she-asses,  they  being 
the  ordinary  beasts  that  those  country-people  ride  on  ;  but, 
because  it  is  not  very  pertinent  to  the  story,  we  need  not 
stand  much  upon  deciding  that.  In  fine,  when  Sancho  saw 
the  three  country-wenches,  he  turned  back  apace  to  find 
out  his  master  Don  Quixote,  and  found  him  sighing,  and 
uttering  a  thousand  amorous  lamentations. 

As  soon  as  Don  Quixote  saw  him,  he  said  :  '  How  now, 
Sancho,  what  is  the  matter  ?  May  I  mark  this  day  with 
a  white  or  a  black  stone  ? '  '  'Twere  fitter,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  you  would  mark  it  with  red  ochre,  as  the  inscriptions 
are  upon  professors'  chairs,  that  they  may  plainly  read 
that  see  them.'  '  Belike,  then,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, '  thou 
bringest  good  news.'  '  So  good,'  said  Sancho,  '  that  you 
need  no  more  but  spur  Rozinante,  and  straight  discover 
the  Lady  Dulcinea  del  Toboso,  with  two  damsels  waiting 
on  her,  coming  to  see  your  worship.'  '  Blessed  God ! 
friend  Sancho,  what  sayst   thou  ? '    quoth  Don  Quixote. 


250  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

*See  thou  deceive  me  not  with  thy  false  mirth  to  glad  my 
true  sorrow.' 

*  What  should  I  get  by  deceiving  you,*  quoth  Sancho, 
'  the  rather  yourself  being  so  near  to  discover  the  truth  ? 
Spur,  sir,  ride  on,  and  you  shall  see  our  mistress  the 
princess  coming,  clad  indeed  and  adorned  like  herself ;  she 
and  her  damsels  are  a  very  spark  of  gold  ;  they  are 
all  robes  of  pearl,  all  diamonds,  all  rubies,  all  cloth 
of  gold  ten  storeys  high  at  least ;  their  hairs  hung  loose 
over  their  shoulders,  that  were  like  so  many  sunbeams 
playing  with  the  wind  ;  and,  besides  all  this,  they  are 
mounted  upon  three  flea-bitten  nackneys,  the  finest  sight 
that  can  be.'  '  Hackneys  thou  wouldst  say,  Sancho.' 
'  Hackney  or  nackney,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  there  is  little  dif- 
ference ;  but,  let  them  come  upon  what  they  will,  they 
are  the  bravest  ladies  that  can  be  imagined,  especially  my 
lady  the  Princess  Dulcinea  that  dazzles  the  senses.'  'Let's 
go,  son  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  and,  for  a  reward 
for  this  unlooked-for  good  news,  I  bequeath  the  best  spoil 
I  get  in  our  first  adventure  next  ;  and,  if  this  content  thee 
not,  I  give  thee  my  this  year's  colts  by  my  three  mares 
thou  knowest  I  have  to  foal  in  our  own  town  common.' 
'  The  colts  I  like,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  but  for  the  goodness  of 
the  spoil  of  the  first  adventure,  I  have  no  mind  to  that.' 

By  this  they  came  out  of  the  wood,  and  saw  the  three 
country-wenches  near  them.  Don  Quixote  stretched 
his  eyes  all  over  Toboso  way,  and,  seeing  none  but  the 
three  wenches,  he  was  somewhat  troubled,  and  demanded 
of  Sancho  if  he  had  left  them  coming  out  of  the  city. 
'  How  !  out  of  the  city  ? '  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  are  your  eyes 
in  your  noddle,  that  you  see  them  not  coming  here,  shining 
as  bright  as  the  sun  at  noon  ?'  'I  see  none,'  said  he, '  but 
three  wenches  upon  three  asses.'  '  Now,  God  keep  me 
from  the  devil ! '  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  and  is  it  possible  that 
three  hackneys — or  how  call  ye  'em  ? — as  white  as  a  flake 
of  snow,  should  appear  to  you  to  be  asses  ?  As  sure  as 
may  be,  you  shall  pull  off  my  beard  if  that  be  so.'  *  Well, 
I  tell  you,  friend  Sancho,  'tis  as  sure  that  they  are  he  or 
she  asses,  as  I  am  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  and  thou 


Chap.  X        THE  ENCHANTED   DULCINEA  251 

Sancho  Panza  ;  at  least  to  me  they  seem  so.'    '  Peace,  sir,* 
quoth  Sancho,  '  and  say  not  so  ;  but  snuff  your  eyes,  and 
reverence  the   mistress   of  your  thoughts,   for    now   she 
draws  near.'     And   so  saying  he  advanced  to  meet  the 
three  country-wenches,  and,  alighting  from  Dapple,  took 
one  of  their  asses  by  the  halter,  and,  fastening  both  his 
knees   to   the    ground,   said,   *  Queen,   and    princess,  and 
duchess  of  beauty,  let  your  haughtiness  and  greatness  be 
pleased  to  receive  into  your  grace  and  good  liking  your 
captived  knight  that  stands  yonder  turned  into  marble,  all 
amazed  and  without  his  pulse,  to  see  himself  before  your 
magnificent  presence.     I  am  Sancho  Panza  his  squire,  and 
he  is  the  way-beaten  knight  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha, 
otherwise  called  the  Knight  of  the  Sorrowful  Countenance.' 
And  now  Don  Quixote  was  on  his  knees  by  Sj'^'^ho,  and 
beheld  with  unglad   Kv^*  ^^^fctyWaH^^-es  her   that  Sancho 
cp1U-"^ucc-ii  and  lady  ;  but,  seeing  he  discovered  nothing 
in  her  but  a  country-wench,  and  not  very  well-favoured, 
for  she  was  blub-faced  and  flat-nosed,  he  was  in  some  sus- 
pense, and  durst  not  once  open  his  lips.     The  wenches 
too  were  astonished  to  see  those  two   so   different  men 
upon  their  knees,  and  that  they  would  not  let  their  com- 
panion go  forward.     But  she  that  was  stayed,  angry  to 
hear  herself  misused,  broke  silence  first,  saying,  *  Get  you 
out  of  the  way,  with  a  mischief,  and  let's  be  gone,  for  we 
are  in  haste.'     To  which  quoth  Sancho  :   'O  princess  and 
universal  Lady  of  Toboso  !  why  doth  not  your  magnani- 
mous heart  relent,  seeing  the  pillar  and  prop  of  knight- 
errantry  prostrated    before    your    sublimated    presence  ? ' 
Which  when  one  of  the  other  two  heard,  after  she  had 
cried  out  to  her  ass,  that  was  turning  aside,   she   said  : 
'  Look  how  these  yonkers  come  to  mock  at  poor  country- 
folk, as  if  we  knew  not  how  to  return  their  flouts  upon 
them  !     Get  you  gone  your  way  and  leave  us,  you  had 
best.' 

'  Rise,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  at  this  instant,  for 
I  perceive  now  that  mine  ill  fortune,  not  satisfied,  hath 
shut  up  all  the  passages  by  which  any  content  might  come 
to  this  my  wretched  soul  within  my  flesh.     O  thou,  the 


252  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

extreme  of  all  worth  to  be  desired,  the  bound  of  all  human 
gentleness,  the  only  remedy  of  this  mine  afflicted  heart 
that  adores  thee  !  now  that  the  wicked  enchanter  persecutes 
me,  and  hath  put  clouds  and  cataracts  in  mine  eyes,  and 
for  them  only,  and  none  else,  hath  transformed  and 
changed  thy  peerless  beauty  and  face  into  the  face  of  a 
poor  country-wench, — if  so  be  now  he  have  not  turned 
mine  too  into  some  hobgoblin,  to  make  it  loathsome  in 
thy  sight,  look  on  me  gently  and  amorously,  perceiving 
by  this  submission  and  kneeling  which  I  use  to  thy  counter- 
feit beauty  the  humility  with  which  my  soul  adores  thee.' 

'  Marry,  muff !  '  quoth  the  country-wench ;  *  I  care 
much  for  your  courtings  !  Get  you  gone,  and  let  us  go, 
and  we  shall  be  beholding  to  you.' 


c;<,^^i,-.  U|.  i^gj.  p^gg  i^y  j^jj^   most  glad  that  he  had  sped 

so  well  with  his  device,  ihe  "country-w^e.?.  ^^^t.  P^^y^^ 
Dulcinea's  part  was  no  sooner  free,  when,  spurnng  her 
hackney  with  a  prickle  she  had  at  the  end  of  her  cudgel, 
she  began  to  run  apace ;  and  the  ass,  feeling  the  smart  of 
it  more  than  ordinary,  began  to  wince  so  fast  that  down 
came  my  Lady  Dulcinea ;  which  when  Don  Quixote  saw, 
he  came  to  help  her  up,  and  Sancho  went  to  order  and 
gird  her  pack-saddle,  that  hung  at  the  ass's  belly ;  which 
being  fitted,  and  Don  Quixote  about  to  lift  his  enchanted 
mistress  in  his  arms  to  her  ass,  she,  being  now  got  upon 
her  legs,  saved  him  that  labour,  for,  stepping  a  little  back, 
she  fetched  a  rise,  and  clapping  both  her  hands  upon  the 
ass's  crupper,  she  lighted  as  swift  as  an  hawk  upon  the 
pack-saddle,  and  sat  astride  like  a  man. 

Then  said  Sancho :  '  By  Saint  Roque,  our  mistress  is  as 
light  as  a  robin-ruddock,  and  may  teach  the  cunningest 
Cordovan  or  Mexicanian  to  ride  on  their  jennets.  At  one 
spring  she  hath  leaped  over  the  crupper,  and  without  spurs 
makes  the  hackney  run  like  a  musk-cat ;  and  her  damosels 
come  not  short  of  her,  for  they  fly  like  the  wind.'  And 
he  said  true ;  for  when  Dulcinea  was  once  on  horseback 
they  all  made  after  her,  and  set  a-running  for  two  miles 
without  looking  behind  them. 

Don  Quixote  still  looked  after  them ;  but,  when  they 


Chap.  X        THE  ENCHANTED   DULCINEA  253 

were  got  out  of  sight,  turning  to  Sancho,  he  said  :  *  Sancho, 
how  thinkest  thou  ?  How  much  enchanters  do  hate  me  ! 
And  see  how  far  their  malice  extends,  and  their  aim  at  me, 
since  they  have  deprived  me  of  the  happiness  I  should  have 
received  to  have  seen  my  mistress  in  her  true  being.  In- 
deed, I  was  born  to  be  an  example  of  unfortunate  men,  to 
be  the  mark  and  butt  at  which  ill-fortune's  arrows  should 
be  sent.  And  thou  must  note,  Sancho,  that  these  en- 
chanters were  not  content  to  have  changed  and  transformed 
my  Dulcinea,  but  they  have  done  it  into  a  shape  so  base 
and  ugly  as  of  a  country-wench  thou  sawest ;  and,  withal, 
they  have  taken  from  her  that  which  is  so  proper  to  her 
and  great  ladies,  to  wit,  her  sweet  scent  of  flowers  and 
amber ;  for  let  me  tell  thee,  Sancho,  that  when  I  went  to 
help  Dulcinea  to  her  hackney — which  as  thou  sayst, 
seemed  to  me  to  be  a  she-ass — she  gave  me  such  a  breath 
of  raw  garlic  as  pierced  and  intoxicated  my  brain.' 

'  O  base  rout ! '  cried  out  Sancho  instantly ;  '  O  dismal 
and  ill-minded  enchanters !  I  would  I  might  see  you  all 
strung  up  together  like  galls,  or  like  pilchards  in  shoals. 
Cunning  you  are,  much  you  can,  and  much  you  do.  It 
had  been  enough  for  you,  rascals,  to  have  turned  the 
pearls  of  my  lady's  eyes  into  corky  galls,  and  her  most 
pure  golden  hair  into  bristles  of  a  red  ox's  tail,  and, 
finally,  all  her  feature  from  good  to  bad,  without  meddling 
with  her  breath  ;  for  only  by  that  we  might  have  guessed 
what  was  concealed  under  that  coarse  rind  ;  though,  to 
say  true,  I  never  saw  her  coarseness,  but  her  beauty, 
which  was  infinitely  increased  by  a  mole  she  had  upon 
her  lip,  like  a  mustacho,  with  seven  or  eight  red  hairs 
like  threads  of  gold,  and  above  a  handful  long.'  '  To 
this  mole,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  according  to  the  corre- 
spondency that  those  of  the  face  have  with  those  of  the 
body,  she  hath  another  in  the  table  of  her  thigh  that 
corresponds  to  the  side  where  that  of  her  face  is  ;  but 
hairs  of  that  length  thou  speakest  of  are  very  much  for 
moles.'  '  Well,  I  can  tell  you,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  there 
they  appeared,  as  if  they  had  been  born  with  her.'  *  I 
believe   it,   friend,'    replied    Don    Quixote ;    '  for    nature 


254  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

could  form  nothing  in  Dulcinea  that  was  not  perfect 
and  complete  ;  and  so,  though  she  had  a  hundred  moles, 
as  well  as  that  one  thou  sawest  in  her,  they  were  not 
moles,  but  moons  and  bright  stars.  But  tell  me,  Sancho, 
that  which  thou  didst  set  on,  which  seemed  to  me  to  be 
a  pack-saddle,  was  it  a  plain  saddle  or  a  saddle  with  a 
back  ? '  'It  was,'  said  Sancho,  '  a  jennet-saddle,  with  a 
field  covering,  worth  half  a  kingdom  for  the  richness  of 
it/  *  And  could  not  I  see  all  this  ?  Well,  now  I  say 
again,  and  will  say  it  a  thousand  times,  I  am  the  un- 
happiest  man  alive/  The  crack-rope  Sancho  had  enough 
to  do  to  hold  laughter,  hearing  his  master's  madness,  that 
was  so  delicately  gulled. 

Finally,  after  many  other  reasons  that  passed  betwixt 
them  both,  they  gat  up  on  their  beasts,  and  held  on  the 
way  to  Saragosa,  where  they  thought  to  be  fitly  to  see 
the  solemnities  that  are  performed  once  every  year  in  that 
famous  city.  But  before  they  came  thither  things  befel 
them  that,  because  they  are  many,  famous,  and  strange, 
they  deserve  to  be  written  and  read,  as  shall  be  seen  here 
following. 


CHAPTER   XI 

Of  the  Strange  Adventure  that  befel  Don  ^ixote^  with  the 
Cart  or  Waggon  of  the  Parliament  of  Death 

Don  Quixote  went  on,  wonderful  pensative  to  think  what 
a  shrewd  trick  the  enchanters  had  played  him,  in  changing 
his  mistress  Dulcinea  into  the  rustic  shape  of  a  country- 
wench,  and  could  not  imagine  what  means  he  might  use  to 
bring  her  to  her  pristine  being  ;  and  these  thoughts  so 
distracted  him  that  carelessly  he  gave  Rozinante  the  reins, 
who,  perceiving  the  liberty  he  had,  stayed  every  stitch-while 
to  feed  upon  the  green  grass  of  which  those  fields  were  full ; 
but  Sancho  put  him  out  of  his  maze,  saying,  '  Sir,  sorrow 
was  not  ordained  for  beasts  but  men,  yet  if  men  do  exceed 


Chap.  XI       THE   ENCHANTED    DULCINEA  255 

in  it  they  become  beasts.  Pray,  sir,  recollect  and  come  to 
yourself,  and  pluck  up  Rozinante's  reins  ;  revive  and  cheer 
yourself,  show  the  courage  that  befits  a  knight-errant. 
What  a  devil's  the  matter  ?  What  faintness  is  this  ?  Are 
we  dreaming  on  a  dry  summer  ?  Now,  Satan  take  all  the 
Dulcineas  in  the  world  !  since  the  welfare  of  one  only 
knight-errant  is  more  worth  than  all  the  enchantments 
and  transformations  in  the  world.' 

*  Peace,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  with  a  voice  now  not 
very  faint  ;  '  peace,  I  say,  and  speak  no  blasphemies  against 
that  enchanted  lady,  for  I  only  am  in  fault  for  her  misfortune 
and  unhappiness  ;  her  ill  plight  springs  from  the  envy  that 
enchanters  bear  me.'  '  So  say  I  too,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  for 
what  heart  sees  her  now,  that  saw  her  before,  and  doth  not 
deplore  ? '  '  Thou  mayst  well  say  so,  Sancho,'  replied  Don 
Quixote,  '  since  thou  sawest  her  in  her  just  entire  beauty, 
and  the  enchantment  dimmed  not  thy  sight  nor  concealed 
her  fairness.  Against  me  only,  only  against  mine  eyes,  the 
force  of  its  venom  is  directed.  But  for  all  that,  Sancho,  I 
have  fallen  upon  one  thing,  which  is  that  thou  didst  ill 
describe  her  beauty  to  me  ;  for,  if  I  forget  not,  thou  saidst 
she  had  eyes  of  pearls,  and  such  eyes  are  rather  the  eyes  of 
a  sea-bream  than  a  fair  dame's  ;  but,  as  I  think,  Dulcinea's 
eyes  are  like  two  green  emeralds  rared  with  two  celestial 
arcs,  that  serve  them  for  eyebrows.  And  therefore,  for 
you  pearls,  take  them  from  her  eyes  and  put  them  to  her 
teeth  ;  for  doubtless,  Sancho,  thou  mistookest  eyes  for 
teeth.' 

'  All  this  may  be,'  said  Sancho,  '  for  her  beauty  troubled 
me  as  much  as  her  foulness  since  hath  done  you ;  but  leave 
we  all  to  God,  who  is  the  knower  of  all  things  that  befals 
us  in  this  vale  of  tears,  in  this  wicked  world,  where  there  is 
scarce  anything  without  mixture  of  mischief,  impostorship, 
or  villainy.  One  thing,  master  mine,  troubles  me  more 
than  all  the  rest — to  think  what  means  there  will  be,  when 
you  overcome  any  giant  or  other  knight,  and  command 
him  to  present  himself  before  the  beauty  of  the  Lady 
Dulcinea,  where  this  poor  giant  or  miserable  vanquished 
knight  shall  find  her  ?     Methinks  I  see  'em  go  staring  up 


256  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

and  down  Toboso  to  find  my  Lady  Dulcinea,  and,  though 
they  should  meet  her  in  the  middle  of  the  street,  yet  they 
would  no  more  know  her  than  my  father.' 

*  It  may  be,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  her  enchant- 
ment will  not  extend  to  take  from  vanquished  and  presented 
giants  and  knights  the  knowledge  of  Dulcinea  ;  and  there- 
fore, in  one  or  two  of  the  first  I  conquer  and  send,  we  will 
make  trial  whether  they  see  her  or  no,  commanding  them 
that  they  return  to  relate  unto  me  what  hath  befallen  them/ 

'I  say,  sir,*  quoth  Sancho,  'I  like  what  you  have  said 
very  well,  and  by  this  device  we  shall  know  what  we 
desire  ;  and,  if  so  be  she  be  only  hidden  to  you,  your  mis- 
fortune is  beyond  hers.  But,  so  my  Lady  Dulcinea  have 
health  and  content,  we  will  bear  and  pass  it  over  here  as 
well  as  we  may,  seeking  our  adventures  ;  and  let  time 
alone,  who  is  the  best  physician  for  these  and  other 
infirmities.* 

Don  Quixote  would  have  answered  Sancho  Panza,  but 
he  was  interrupted  by  a  waggon  that  came  cross  the  way, 
loaden  with  the  most  different  and  strange  personages  and 
shapes  that  might  be  imagined.  He  that  guided  the 
mules,  and  served  for  waggoner,  was  an  ugly  devil.  The 
waggon's  self  was  open,  without  tilt  or  boughs.  The  first 
shape  that  presented  itself  to  Don  Quixote's  eyes  was  of 
Death  herself,  with  a  human  face,  and  next  her  an  angel 
with  large  painted  wings ;  on  one  side  stood  an  emperor, 
with  a  crown  upon  his  head,  to  see  to,  of  gold  ;  at  Death's 
feet  was  the  god  called  Cupid,  not  blindfolded,  but  with 
his  bow,  his  quiver,  and  arrows.  There  was  also  a  knight 
completely  armed,  only  he  had  no  morion  or  headpiece, 
but  a  hat  full  of  divers-coloured  plumes.  With  these 
there  were  other  personages  of  different  fashions  and  faces. 
All  which,  seen  on  a  sudden,  in  some  sort  troubled  Don 
Quixote,  and  affrighted  Sancho's  heart ;  but  straight  Don 
Quixote  was  jocund,  believing  that  some  rare  and  dangerous 
adventure  was  offered  unto  him  ;  and  with  this  thought, 
and  a  mind  disposed  to  give  the  onset  to  any  peril,  he  got 
himself  before  the  waggon,  and  with  a  loud  and  threaten- 
ing voice  cried  out,  '  Carter,  coachman,  or  devil,  or  what- 


Chap.  XI  THE   PLAYERS  257 

soe'er  thou  art,  be  not  slow  to  tell  me  who  thou  art,  whither 
thou  goest,  and  what  people  these  are  thou  carriest  in  thy 
cart-coach,  rather  like  Charon's  boat  than  waggons  now  in 
use/ 

To  which  the  devil,  staying  the  cart,  gently  replied, 
'Sir,  we  are  players  of  Thomas  Angulo's  company.  We 
have  played  a  play  called  l^he  Parliament  of  Death  against 
this  Corpus  Christi  tide,  in  a  town  behind  the  ridge  of  yonder 
mountain,  and  this  afternoon  we  are  to  play  it  again  at  the 
town  you  see  before  us,  which  because  it  is  so  near,  to  save 
a  labour  of  new  attiring  us,  we  go  in  the  same  clothes  in 
which  we  are  to  act.  That  young  man  plays  Death ; 
that  other  an  angel ;  that  woman,  our  author's  wife,  the 
queen ;  a  fourth  there,  a  soldier  ;  a  fifth  the  emperor  ;  and 
I  the  devil,  which  is  one  of  the  chiefest  actors  in  the  play, 
for  I  have  the  best  part.  If  you  desire  to  know  anything 
else  of  us,  ask  me,  and  I  shall  answer  you  most  punctually  ; 
for,  as  I  am  a  devil,  nothing  is  unknown  to  me.' 

'By  the  faith  of  a  knight-errant,'  said  Don  Quixote,  'as 
soon  as  ever  I  saw  this  waggon  I  imagined  some  strange 
adventure  towards ;  and  now  I  say  it  is  fit  to  be  fully 
satisfied  of  these  apparitions,  by  touching  them  with  our 
hands.  God  be  with  you,  honest  people ;  act  your  play, 
and  see  whether  you  will  command  anything  wherein  I  may 
be  serviceable  to  you  ;  for  I  will  be  so  most  cheerfully  and 
willingly :  for  since  I  was  a  boy  I  have  loved  mask-shows, 
and  in  my  youth  I  have  been  ravished  with  stage-plays.' 

Whilst  they  were  thus  discoursing,  it  fell  out  that  one 
of  the  company  came  toward  them,  clad  for  the  fool  in 
the  play,  with  morrice-bells,  and  at  the  end  of  a  stick 
he  had  three  cows'  bladders  full-blown,  who  thus  masked, 
running  toward  Don  Quixote,  began  to  fence  with  his 
cudgel,  and  to  thwack  the  bladders  upon  the  ground,  and 
to  frisk  with  his  bells  in  the  air,  which  dreadful  sight  so 
troubled  Rozinante  that,  Don  Quixote  not  able  to  hold 
him  in,  for  he  had  gotten  the  bridle  betwixt  his  teeth,  he 
fell  a-running  up  and  down  the  field,  much  swifter  than 
his  anatomised  bones  made  show  for.  Sancho,  that  con- 
sidered in  what  danger  of  being  thrown  down  his  master 

II.  R 


258  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

might  be,  leaped  from  Dapple,  and  with  all  speed  ran  to 
help  him  ;  but,  by  that  time  he  came  to  him,  he  was  upon 
the  ground,  and  Rozinante  by  him,  for  they  both  tumbled 
together.  This  was  the  common  pass  Rozinante's  tricks 
and  boldness  came  to.  But  no  sooner  had  Sancho  left  his 
horsebackship  to  come  to  Don  Quixote,  when  the  damning 
devil  with  the  bladders  leaped  on  Dapple,  and,  clapping 
him  with  them,  the  fear  and  noise,  more  than  the  blows, 
made  him  fly  thorough  the  field  toward  the  place  where 
they  were  to  play.  Sancho  beheld  Dapple's  career  and 
his  master's  fall,  and  knew  not  to  which  of  the  ill  chances 
he  might  first  repair  ;  but  yet,  like  a  good  squire  and 
faithful  servant,  his  master's  love  prevailed  more  with  him 
than  the  cockering  of  his  ass,  though  every  hoisting  of 
the  bladders,  and  falling  on  Dapple's  buttocks,  were  to 
him  trances  and  tidings  of  death,  and  rather  had  he  those 
blows  had  lighted  on  his  eyeballs  than  on  the  least  hair 
of  his  ass's  tail. 

In  this  perplexity  he  came  to  Don  Quixote,  who  was  in 
a  great  deal  worse  plight  than  he  was  willing  to  see  him ; 
and,  helping  him  on  Rozinante,  said,  *  Sir,  the  devil 
hath  carried  away  Dapple.'  *  What  devil } '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  '  He  with  the  bladders,'  replied  Sancho. 
'  Well,  I  will  recover  him,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  though 
he  should  lock  him  up  with  him  in  the  darkest  and 
deepest  dungeons  of  hell.  Follow  me,  Sancho,  for  the 
waggon  goes  but  slowly,  and  the  mules  shall  satisfy 
Dap  pie's  loss.'  '  There  is  no  need,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  temper 
your  choler,  for  now  I  see  the  devil  hath  left  Dapple,  and 
he  returns  to  his  home.'  And  he  said  true,  for  the  devil 
having  fallen  with  Dapple,  to  imitate  Don  Quixote  and 
Rozinante,  he  went  on  foot  to  the  town,  and  the  ass  came 
back  to  his  master. 

'  For  all  that,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  it  were  fit  to  take 
revenge  of  the  devil's  unmannerliness  upon  some  of  those 
in  the  waggon,  even  of  the  emperor  himself.'  '  Oh,  never 
think  of  any  such  matter,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  take  my 
counsel,  that  is,  never  to  meddle  with  players,  for  they 
are  a  people  mightily  beloved.     I  have  known  one  of  'em 


Chap.  XI  THE   PLAYERS  259 

in  prison  for  two  murders,  and  yet  scaped  scot-free. 
Know  this,  sir,  that,  as  they  are  merry  jovial  lads,  all 
men  love,  esteem,  and  help  them,  especially  if  they  be 
the  king's  players,  and  all  of  them  in  their  fashion  and 
garb  are  gentleman-like.'  '  For  all  that,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  'the  devil-player  shall  not  scape  from  me  and 
brag  of  it,  though  all  mankind  help  him.'  And  so 
saying,  he  got  to  the  waggon,  that  was  now  somewhat 
near  the  town,  and,  crying  aloud,  said,  '  Hold,  stay,  merry 
Greeks,  for  I'll  make  ye  know  what  belongs  to  the  asses 
and  furniture  belonging  to  the  squires  of  knights-errant.' 
Don  Quixote's  noise  was  such  that  those  of  the  waggon 
heard  it ;  and,  guessing  at  his  intention  by  his  speeches, 
in  an  instant  Mistress  Death  leaped  out  of  the  waggon, 
and  after  her  the  emperor,  the  devil-waggoner,  and  the 
angel,  and  the  queen  too,  with  little  Cupid  ;  all  of  them 
were  straight  loaded  with  stones,  and  put  themselves  in 
order,  expecting  Don  Quixote  with  their  peeble-points. 

Don  Quixote,  that  saw  them  in  so  gallant  a  squadron, 
ready  to  discharge  strongly  their  stones,  held  in  Rozin- 
ante's  reins,  and  began  to  consider  how  he  should  set  upon 
them  with  least  hazard  of  his  person.  Whilst  he  thus 
stayed,  Sancho  came  to  him,  and,  seeing  him  ready  to  give 
the  onset,  said :  '  'Tis  a  mere  madness,  sir,  to  attempt  this 
enterprise  ;  I  pray  consider  that,  for  your  river-sops,^ 
there  are  no  defensive  weapons  in  the  world,  but  to  be 
shut  up  and  inlaid  under  a  brazen  bell;  and  consider  likewise 
'tis  rather  rashness  than  valour  for  one  man  alone  to  set 
upon  an  army  wherein  Death  is,  and  where  emperors  fight 
in  person,  and  where  good  and  bad  angels  help ;  and,  if 
the  consideration  of  this  be  not  sufficient,  may  this  move 
you,  to  know  that  amongst  all  these,  though  they  seem 
to  be  kings,  princes,  and  emperors,  yet  there  is  not  so 
much  as  one  knight-errant.' 

*  Thou  hast  hit  upon  the  right,  Sancho,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  *  the  very  point  that  may  alter  my  determination. 
I  neither  can  nor  must  draw  my  sword,  as  I  have  often  told 
thee,  against  any  that  be  not  knights-errant.     It  concerns 

^  Meaning  the  stones. 


26o  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

thee,  Sancho,  if  thou  meanest  to  be  revenged  for  the  wrong 
done  unto  thine  ass ;  and  I  will  encourage  thee,  and  from 
hence  give  thee  wholesome  instructions.'  *  There  needs 
no  being  revenged  of  anybody,'  said  Sancho,  '  for  there  is 
no  Christianity  in  it ;  besides,  mine  ass  shall  be  contented 
to  put  his  cause  to  me  and  to  my  will,  which  is  to  live 
peaceable  and  quietly,  as  long  as  Heaven  shall  be  pleased 
to  afford  me  life.'  '  Since  this  is  thy  determination,'  said 
Don  Quixote,  '  honest,  wise,  discreet,  Christian-like,  pure 
Sancho,  let  us  leave  these  dreams,  and  seek  other  better 
and  more  real  adventures ;  for  I  see  this  country  is  like  to 
afford  us  many  miraculous  ones.' 

So  he  turned  Rozinante's  reins,  and  Sancho  took  his 
Dapple ;  Death  with  all  the  flying  squadron  returned  to 
the  waggon,  and  went  on  their  voyage ;  and  this  was  the 
happy  end  of  the  waggon  of  Death's  adventure,  thanks 
be  to  the  good  advice  that  Sancho  Panza  gave  his  master, 
to  whom  the  day  after  there  happened  another  adventure, 
no  less  pleasant,  with  an  enamoured  knight-errant  as  well 
as  he. 


CHAPTER  XII 

Of  the  Rare  Adventure  that  hefel  Don  Quixote  with  the 
Knight  of  the  Looking-Glasses 

Don  Quixote  and  his  squire  passed  the  ensuing  night 
after  their  Death's  encounter,  under  certain  high  and  shady 
trees,  Don  Quixote  having  first,  by  Sancho's  entreaty, 
eaten  somewhat  of  the  provision  that  came  upon  Dapple  ; 
and  as  they  were  at  supper  Sancho  said  to  his  master,  '  Sir, 
what  an  ass  had  I  been,  had  I  chosen  for  a  reward  the 
spoils  of  the  first  adventure  which  you  might  end,  rather 
than  the  breed  of  the  three  mares  !  Indeed,  indeed,  a  bird 
in  the  hand  is  better  than  two  in  the  bush.' 

'  For  all  that,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  if  thou,  Sancho, 
hadst  let  me  give  the  onset,  as  I  desired,  thou  hadst  had 


Chap.  XII  THE   PLAYERS  261 

to  thy  share,  at  least,  the  empress's  golden  crown  and 
Cupid's  painted  wings,  for  I  had  taken  'em  away  against 
the  hair,  and  given  'em  thee.'  '  Your  players'  sceptres 
and  emperors'  crowns,'  said  Sancho,  '  are  never  of  pure 
gold,  but  leaf  and  tin.' 

'  'Tis  true,'  answered  Don  Quixote,  *  for  it  is  very 
necessary  that  your  play-ornaments  be  not  fine,  but  coun- 
terfeit and  seeming,  as  the  play  itself  is,  which  I  would 
have  thee,  Sancho,  to  esteem  of,  and  consequently  the 
actors  too,  and  the  authors,  because  they  are  the  instru- 
ments of  much  good  to  a  commonwealth,  being  like 
looking-glasses,  where  the  actions  of  human  life  are  lively 
represented  ;  and  there  is  no  comparison  that  doth  more 
truly  present  to  us  what  we  are,  or  what  we  should  be, 
than  comedy  and  comedians.  If  not,  tell  me,  hast  not 
thou  seen  a  play  acted,  where  kings,  emperors,  bishops, 
knights,  dames,  and  other  personages  are  introduced  ? 
One  plays  a  ruffian,  another  the  cheater  ;  this  a  merchant, 
t'other  a  soldier  ;  one  a  crafty  fool,  another  a  foolish 
lover  ;  and,  the  comedy  ended  and  the  apparel  taken  away, 
all  the  rehearsers  are  the  same  they  were.'  *  Yes,  marry, 
have  I,'  quoth  Sancho.  ^  Why,  the  same  thing,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  '  happens  in  the  comedy  and  theatre  of  this 
world,  where  some  play  the  emperors,  others  the  bishops, 
and,  lastly,  all  the  parts  that  may  be  in  a  comedy  ;  but, 
in  the  end — that  is,  the  end  of  our  life — death  takes  away 
all  the  robes  that  made  them  differ,  and  at  their  burial  they 
are  equal.'  '  A  brave  comparison,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  but 
not  so  strange  to  me,  that  have  heard  it  often,  as  that  of 
the  chess-play,  that  while  the  game  lasts  every  piece  hath 
its  particular  motion  ;  and,  the  game  ended,  all  are  mingled 
and  shuffled  together,  and  cast  into  a  leathern  bag,  which 
is  a  kind  of  burial.' 

'  Every  day,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  thou  growest 
wiser  and  wiser.'  '  It  must  needs  be,'  said  Sancho,  '  that 
some  of  your  wisdom  must  cleave  to  me  ;  for  grounds 
that  are  dry  and  barren,  by  mucking  and  tilling  them,  give 
good  fruit ;  I  mean  your  conversation  hath  been  the  muck 
that  hath  been  cast  upon  the  sterile  ground  of  my  barren 


262  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

wit,  and  the  time  that  I  have  served  you  the  tillage,  with 
which  I  hope  to  render  happy  fruit,  and  such  as  may  not 
gainsay  or  slide  out  of  the  paths  of  good  manners  which 
you  have  made  in  my  withered  understanding.* 

Don  Quixote  laughed  at  Sancho's  affected  reasons, 
and  it  seemed  true  to  him,  what  he  had  said  touching 
his  reformation  ;  for  now  and  then  his  talk  admired  him, 
although  for  the  most  part,  when  Sancho  spoke  by  way  of 
contradiction,  or  like  a  courtier,  he  ended  his  discourse 
with  a  downfall  from  the  mount  of  his  simplicity  to  the 
profundity  of  his  ignorance ;  but  that  wherein  he  showed 
himself  most  elegant  and  memorable  was  in  urging  of 
proverbs,  though  they  were  never  so  much  against  the 
hair  of  the  present  business,  as  hath  been  seen  and  noted 
in  all  this  history. 

A  great  part  of  the  night  they  passed  in  these  and  such- 
like discourses,  but  Sancho  had  a  great  desire  to  let  fall 
the  portcullises,  as  he  called  them,  of  his  eyes,  and  sleep  ; 
and  so,  undressing  his  Dapple,  he  turned  him  freely  to 
graze.  With  Rozinante's  saddle  he  meddled  not,  for  it 
was  his  master's  express  command  that  whilst  they  were  in 
field  or  slept  not  within  doors  he  should  not  unsaddle  him, 
it  being  an  ancient  custom  observed  by  knights-errant  to 
take  the  bridle  and  hang  it  at  the  saddle-pommel,  but 
beware  taking  away  the  saddle,  which  Sancho  observed, 
and  gave  him  the  same  liberty  as  to  his  Dapple,  whose 
friendship  and  Rozinante's  was  so  sole  and  united  that  the 
report  goes  by  tradition  from  father  to  son  that  the  author 
of  this  true  history  made  particular  chapters  of  it ;  only,  to 
keep  the  decency  and  decorum  due  to  so  heroic  a  story  he 
omitted  it,  although  sometimes  he  forgets  his  purpose 
herein,  and  writes  that,  as  the  two  beasts  were  together, 
they  would  scratch  one  another,  and,  being  wearied  and 
satisfied,  Rozinante  would  cross  his  throat  over  Dapple' s 
neck  at  least  half  a  yard  over  the  other  side,  and,  both  of 
them  looking  wistly  on  the  ground,  they  would  stand  thus 
three  days  together,  at  least  as  long  as  they  were  let  alone, 
or  that  hunger  compelled  them  not  to  look  after  their 
provender.     'Tis  said,  I  say,  that  the  author,  in  his  story, 


Chap.  XII     THE   KNIGHT   OF  THE   WOOD  263 

compared  them,  in  their  friendship,  to  Nisus  and  Euryalus, 
to  Pylades  and  Orestes,  which  if  it  were  so,  it  may  be  seen, 
to  the  general  admiration,  how  firm  and  steadfast  the 
friendship  was  of  these  two  pacific  beasts,  to  the  shame  of 
men,  that  so  ill  know  the  rules  of  friendship  one  to  another. 
For  this  it  was  said,  *  No  falling  out  like  to  that  of  friends.' 
And  let  no  man  think  the  author  was  unreasonable  in 
having  compared  the  friendship  of  these  beasts  to  the 
friendship  of  men  ;  for  men  have  received  many  items 
from  beasts,  and  learned  many  things  of  importance,  as 
the  stork's  dung,  the  dog's  vomit  and  faithfulness,  the 
crane's  watchfulness,  the  ant's  providence,  the  elephant's 
honesty,  and  the  horse's  loyalty. 

At  length  Sancho  fell  fast  asleep  at  the  foot  of  a  cork- 
tree, and  Don  Quixote  reposed  himself  under  an  oak  ;  but 
not  long  after,  a  noise  behind  wakened  him,  and,  rising 
suddenly,  he  looked  and  hearkened  from  whence  the  noise 
came,  and  he  saw  two  men  on  horseback,  and  the  one, 
tumbling  from  his  saddle,  said  to  the  other,  '  Alight, 
friend,  and  unbridle  our  horses,  for  methinks  this  place 
hath  pasture  enough  for  them,  and  befits  the  silence  and 
solitude  of  my  amorous  thoughts.'  Thus  he  spoke,  and 
stretched  himself  upon  the  ground  in  an  instant,  but, 
casting  himself  down,  his  armour  wherewith  he  was  armed 
made  a  noise,  a  manifest  token  that  made  Don  Quixote 
think  he  was  some  knight-errant,  and  coming  to  Sancho, 
who  was  fast  asleep,  he  plucked  him  by  the  arm,  and  told 
him  softly,  '  Brother  Sancho,  we  have  an  adventure.' 
'  God  grant  it  be  good ! '  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  and  where  is 
this  master  adventure's  worship  .f^'  'Where,  Sancho!' 
replied  Don  Quixote :  '  look  on  one  side,  look,  and  there 
thou  shalt  see  a  knight-errant  stretched  who,  as  it  appears 
to  me,  is  not  overmuch  joyed,  for  I  saw  him  cast  himself 
from  his  horse,  and  stretch  on  the  ground,  with  some 
shows  of  grief,  and  as  he  fell  he  crossed  his  arms.'  'Why, 
in  what  do  you  perceive  that  this  is  an  adventure  ?'  quoth 
Sancho.  '  I  will  not  say,'  answered  Don  Quixote,  '  that 
this  is  altogether  an  adventure,  but  an  introduction  to  it, 
for  thus  adventures  begin.     But  hark,  it  seems  he  is  tuning 


264  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

a  lute  or  viol,  and,  by  his  spitting  and  clearing  his  breast, 
he  prepares  himself  to  sing.'  '  In  good  faith,  you  say  right,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  and  'tis  some  enamoured  knight.'  *  There 
is  no  knight-errant,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  that  is  not  so. 
Let  us  give  ear,  and  by  the  circumstance  we  shall  search 
the  labyrinth  of  his  thoughts,  if  so  be  he  sing  ;  for  out  of 
the  abundance  of  the  heart  the  tongue  speaketh.'  Sancho 
would  have  replied  to  his  master ;  but  the  Knight  of  the 
Wood's  voice,  which  was  but  so-so,  hindered  him,  and 
whilst  the  two  were  astonished  he  sung  as  foUoweth  : 

SONNET. 

Permit  me,  mistress,  that  I  follow  may 

The  bound,  cut  out  just  to  your  heart's  desire, 
The  which  in  mine  I  shall  esteem  for  aye, 

So  that  I  never  from  it  will  retire. 
If  you  be  pleased,  my  grief  I  silent  stay, 

And  die,  make  reckoning  that  I  straight  expire  ; 
If  I  may  tell  it  you,  the  unusual  way, 

I  will,  and  make  Love's  self  be  my  supplier. 
Fashioned  I  am  to  proof  of  contraries, 

As  soft  as  wax,  as  hard  as  diamond  too ; 
And  to  Love's  laws  my  soul  herself  applies  ; 

Or  hard,  or  soft,  my  breast  I  offer  you  ; 
Graven,  imprint  in't  what  your  pleasure  is, 

I,  secret,  swear  it  never  to  forego. 

With  a  deep-fetched  *  Heigh-ho  ! '  even  from  the 
bottom  of  his  heart,  the  Knight  of  the  Wood  ended  his 
song  ;  and,  after  some  pause,  with  a  grieved  and  sorrow- 
ful voice,  uttered  these  words  :  *  Oh,  the  fairest  and  most 
ungrateful  woman  in  the  world  !  And  shall  it  be  possible, 
most  excellent  Casildea  de  Vandalia,  that  thou  suffer  this 
thy  captive  knight  to  pine  and  perish,  with  continual  pere- 
grinations, with  hard  and  painful  labours  ?  Sufficeth  not 
that  I  have  made  all  the  knights  of  Navarre,  of  Leon,  all 
the  Tartesians,  all  the  Castilians  confess  thee  to  be  the 
fairest  lady  of  the  world — ay,  and  all  the  knights  of 
Mancha  too  ? '  *  Not  so,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  straight  ; 
"  for  I  am  of  the  Mancha,  but  never  yielded  to  that,  for  I 
neither  could  nor  ought  confess  a  thing  so  prejudicial  to 


Chap.  XII     THE   KNIGHT   OF  THE   WOOD  265 

the  beauty  of  my  mistress  ;  and  thou  seest,  Sancho,  how 
much  this  knight  is  wide  ;  but  let  us  hear  him,  it  may  be 
he  will  unfold  himself  more/  'Marry,  will  he,'  quoth 
Sancho,  *  for  he  talks  as  if  he  would  lament  a  month 
together.' 

But  it  fell  out  otherwise  ;  for  the  Knight  of  the  Wood 
having  overheard  that  they  talked  somewhat  near  him, 
ceasing  his  complaints,  he  stood  up,  and  with  a  clear  but 
familiar  voice  thus  spake  :  '  Who's  there  ?  who  is  it  ?  Is 
it  haply  some  of  the  number  of  the  contented  or  of  the 
afflicted.'^'      *  Of  the  afflicted,'    answered    Don   Quixote. 

*  Come  to  me,  then,'  said  he  of  the  Wood,  '  and  make 
account  you  come  to  sadness  itself,  and  to  affliction's  self.' 
Don  Quixote,  when  he  saw  himself  answered  so  tenderly 
and  so  modestly,  drew  near,  and  Sancho  likewise.  The 
wailful  knight  laid  hold  on  Don  Quixote's  arm,  saying, 
'  Sit  down,  sir  knight  ;  for  to  know  that  you  are  so,  and 
one  that  professeth  knight-errantry,  it  is  enough  that  I 
have  found  you  in  this  place,  where  solitariness  and  the 
Serene  bear  you  company,^  the  natural  beds  and  proper 
beings  for  knights-errant.'     To  which  Don  Quixote  replied, 

*  A  knight  I  am,  and  of  the  profession  you  speak  of ;  and, 
though  disgraces,  misfortunes,  and  sorrows  have  their 
proper  seat  in  my  mind,  notwithstanding,  the  compassion 
I  have  to  other  men's  griefs  hath  not  left  it.  By  your 
complaints  I  guess  you  are  enamoured, — I  mean  that  you 
love  that  ungrateful  fair  one  mentioned  in  your  laments.' 
Whilst  they  were  thus  discoursing,  they  sat  together 
lovingly  upon  the  cold  ground,  as  if  by  daybreak  their 
heads  also  would  not  break.  The  Knight  of  the  Wood 
demanded,  '  Are  you  happily  enamoured,  sir  knight  ? ' 
'  Unhappily  I  am,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  although  the 
unhappiness  that  ariseth  from  well-placed  thoughts  ought 
rather  to  be  esteemed  a  happiness  than  otherwise.'  *  True 
it  is,'  replied  he  of  the  Wood,  '  if  disdains  did  not  vex  our 
reason  and  understanding,  which,  being  unmerciful,  come 
nearer  to  revenge.'  '  I  was  never,'  said  Don  Quixote, 
'  disdained  of  my  mistress.'     '  No,  indeed,'  quoth  Sancho, 

^  Serene,  the  night-dew  that  falls. 


266  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

who  was  near  them ;  '  for  my  lady  is  as  gentle  as  a  lamb, 
and  as  soft  as  butter.'  '  Is  this  your  squire  ? '  said  he  of 
the  Wood.  '  He  is/  said  Don  Quixote.  ^  I  ne'er  saw 
squire/  replied  he  of  the  Wood,  '  that  durst  prate  so 
boldly  before  his  master ;  at  least  yonder  is  mine,  as  big 
as  his  father,  and  I  can  prove  he  never  unfolded  his  lips, 
whensoever  I  spake.'  'Well,  i'  faith,'  quoth  Sancho,  *I 
have  spoken,  and  may  speak  before — as — and  perhaps — but 
let  it  alone ;  the  more  it  is  stirred,  the  more  it  will  stink.' 

The  Squire  of  the  Wood  took  Sancho  by  the  hand, 
saying,  '  Let  us  go  and  talk  what  we  list  squire-like,  and 
let  us  leave  these  our  masters ;  let  them  fall  from  their 
lances  and  tell  of  their  loves,  for  I  warrant  you  the  morn- 
ing will  overtake  them  before  they  have  done.'  '  A'  God's 
name,'  quoth  Sancho ;  '  and  I'll  tell  you  who  I  am,  that 
you  may  see  whether  I  may  be  admitted  into  the  number 
of  your  talking  squires.'  So  the  two  squires  went  apart, 
between  whom  there  passed  as  witty  a  dialogue  as  their 
masters'  was  serious. 


CHAPTER  XIII 

Where  the  Adventure  of  the  Knight  of  the  Wood  is  pro- 
secuted^ with  the  Discreet^  Rare^  and  Sweet  Colloquy 
that  passed  betwixt  the  Two  Squires 

The  knights  and  their  squires  were  divided,  these  telling 
their  lives,  they  their  loves ;  and  thus  saith  the  story,  that 
the  Squire  of  the  Wood  said  to  Sancho,  '  It  is  a  cumbersome 
life  that  we  lead,  sir, — we,  I  say,  that  are  squires  to  knights- 
errant  ;  for  truly  we  eat  our  bread  with  the  sweat  of  our 
brows,  which  is  one  of  the  curses  that  God  laid  upon  our 
first  parents.'  '  You  may  say  also,'  added  Sancho,  '  that 
we  eat  it  in  the  frost  of  our  bodies ;  for  who  endure  more 
heats  and  colds  than  your  miserable  squires  to  knights- 
errant  ?     And  yet  not  so  bad  if  we  might  eat  at  all,  for 


Chap.  XIII  THE   SQUIRES'   TALK  267 

good  fare  lessens  care ;  but  sometimes  it  happens  that  we 
are  two  days  without  eating,  except  it  be  the  air  that  blows 
on  us.'  '  All  this  may  be  borne/  quoth  he  of  the  Wood, 
'  with  the  hope  we  have  of  reward  ;  for,  if  the  knight- 
errant  whom  a  squire  serves  be  not  too  unfortunate  he 
shall,  with  a  little  good  hap,  see  himself  rewarded  with  the 
government  of  some  island,  or  with  a  reasonable  earldom.' 
'  I,'  said  Sancho,  '  have  often  told  my  master  that  I  would 
content  myself  with  the  government  of  any  island,  and  he 
is  so  noble  and  liberal  that  he  hath  often  promised  it  me.' 
'  I,'  said  he  of  the  Wood,  '  for  my  services  would  be 
satisfied  with  some  canonry  which  my  master  too  hath 
promised  me.'  '  Your  master,  indeed,'  said  Sancho, 
'  belike  is  an  ecclesiastical  knight,  and  may  do  his  good 
squires  these  kindnesses  ;  but  my  master  is  merely  lay, 
though  1  remember  that  some  persons  of  good  discretion, 
though  out  of  bad  intention,  counselled  him  that  he  should 
be  an  archbishop,  which  he  would  not  be,  but  an  emperor  ; 
and  I  was  in  a  bodily  fear  lest  he  might  have  a  mind  to  the 
Church,  because  I  held  myself  uncapable  of  benefits  by  it ; 
for  let  me  tell  you,  though  to  you  I  seem  a  man,  yet  in 
Church  matters  I  am  a  very  beast.' 

*  Indeed,  sir,'  said  he  of  the  Wood,  *  your  are  in  the 
wrong,  for  your  island-governments  are  not  all  so  special, 
but  that  some  are  crabbed,  some  poor,  some  distasteful, 
and,  lastly,  the  stateliest  and  best  of  all  brings  with  it  a 
heavy  burden  of  cares  and  inconveniences,  which  he  to 
whom  it  falls  to  his  lot  undergoes.  Far  better  it  were 
that  we  who  profess  this  cursed  slavery  retire  home,  and 
there  entertain  ourselves  with  more  delightful  exercises,  to 
wit,  hunting  and  fishing  ;  for  what  squire  is  there  in  the 
world  so  poor  that  wants  his  nag,  his  brace  of  grey- 
hounds, or  his  angle-rod,  to  pass  his  time  with  at  his 
village  ?'  'I  want  none  of  this,'  said  Sancho.  '  True  it 
is,  I  have  no  nag  ;  but  I  have  an  ass  worth  two  of  my 
master's  horse.  An  ill  Christmas  God  send  me — and  let 
it  be  the  next  ensuing — if  I  would  change  for  him,  though 
I  had  four  bushels  of  barley  to  boot.  You  laugh  at  the 
price  of  my  Dapple,  for  dapple  is  the  colour  of  mine  ass  ; 


268  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

— well,  greyhounds  I  shall  not  want  neither,  there  being 
enough  to  spare  in  our  town  ;  besides,  the  sport  is  best  at 
another  man's  charge/  '  Indeed,  indeed,  sir  squire,'  said 
he  of  the  Wood,  '  I  have  proposed  and  determined  with 
myself  to  leave  these  bezzlings  of  these  knights,  and 
return  to  my  village,  and  bring  up  my  children,  for  I  have 
three  like  three  orient  pearls.'  '  Two  have  I,  said  Sancho, 
'  that  may  be  presented  to  the  Pope  in  person,  especially 
one,  a  wench,  which  I  bring  up  to  be  a  countess — God 
save  her  ! — although  it  grieve  her  mother.'  *  And  how 
old,'  asked  he  of  the  Wood,  *  is  this  lady  countess  that  you 
bring  up  so  .^^ '  '  Fifteen,  somewhat  under  or  over,'  said 
Sancho  ;  '  but  she  is  as  long  as  a  lance,  and  as  fresh  as  an 
April  morning,  and  as  sturdy  as  a  porter.'  *  These  are 
parts,'  said  he  of  the  Wood,  '  not  only  for  her  to  be  a 
countess,  but  a  nymph  of  the  greeny  grove.  Ah,  whoreson 
whore,  and  what  a  sting  the  quean  hath  ! '  To  which 
quoth  Sancho,  somewhat  musty,  '  She  is  no  whore,  neither 
was  her  mother  before  her  ;  and  none  of  them,  God 
willing,  shall  be,  as  long  as  I  live.  And  I  pray,  sir,  speak 
more  mannerly  ;  for  these  speeches  are  not  consonant 
from  you  that  have  been  brought  up  amongst  knights- 
errant,  the  flowers  of  courtesy.'  '  Oh,'  said  he  of  the 
Wood,  '  sir  squire,  how  you  mistake,  and  how  little  you 
know  what  belongs  to  praising  !  What  !  have  you  never 
observed  that  when  any  knight  in  the  market-place  gives 
the  bull  a  sure  thrust  with  his  lance,  or  when  anybody  doth 
a  thing  well,  the  common  people  use  to  say,  ''  Ah,  whore- 
son whoremaster,  how  bravely  he  did  it  !  "  So  that  that 
which  seems  to  be  a  dispraise,  in  that  sense  is  a  notable 
commendation  ;  and  renounce  you  those  sons  and  daughters 
that  do  not  the  works  that  may  make  their  parents  deserve 
such-like  praises.'  '  I  do  renounce,'  said  Sancho,  '  and, 
if  you  meant  no  otherwise,  I  pray  you  clap  a  whole 
whore-house  at  once  upon  my  wife  and  children  ;  for  all 
they  do  or  say  are  extremes  worthy  of  such  praises ;  and  so  I 
may  see  them,  God  deliver  me  out  of  this  mortal  sin — that 
is,  out  of  this  dangerous  profession  of  being  a  squire — into 
which  this  second  time  I  have  incurred,  being  enticed  and 


Chap.  XIII  THE   SQUIRES'  TALK  269 

deceived  with  the  purse  of  the  hundred  ducats  which  I 
found  one  day  in  the  heart  of  Sierra  Morena ;  and  the 
devil  cast  that  bag  of  pistolets  before  mine  eyes ;  methinks 
every  foot  I  touch  it,  hug  it,  and  carry  it  to  mine  house, 
set  leases  and  rents,  and  live  like  a  prince ;  and  still  when 
I  think  of  this  all  the  toil  that  I  pass  with  this  blockhead 
my  master  seems  easy  and  tolerable  to  me,  who,  I  know, 
is  more  madman  than  knight/  '  Hereupon,'  said  he  of 
the  Wood, '  it  is  said  that  "  All  covet,  all  lose.''  And  now 
you  talk  of  madmen,  I  think  my  master  is  the  greatest  in 
the  world ;  he  is  one  of  them  that  cries,  "  Hang  sorrow  !" 
and,  that  another  knight  may  recover  his  wits,  he'll  make 
himself  mad,  and  will  seek  after  that  which  perhaps,  once 
found,  will  tumble  him  upon  his  snout.'  '  And  is  he 
amorous,  haply  ? '  '  Yes,'  said  he  of  the  Wood ;  '  he 
loves  one  Casildea  de  Vandalia,  the  most  raw  and  most 
roasted  lady  in  the  world ;  but  she  halts  not  on  that  foot 
of  her  rawness,  for  other  manner  of  impostures  do  grunt 
in  those  entrails  of  hers,  which  ere  long  will  be  known.' 
*  There  is  no  way  so  plain,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that  hath  not 
some  rub  or  pit,  or,  as  the  proverb  goes, ''  In  some  houses 
they  seethe  beans,  and  in  mine  whole  kettles-full."  So 
madness  hath  more  companions,  and  more  needy  ones, 
than  wisdom.  But,  if  that  which  is  commonly  spoken  be 
true,  that  to  have  companions  in  misery  is  a  lightener  of 
it,  you  may  comfort  me,  that  serve  as  sottish  a  master  as  I 
do.'  '  Sottish  but  valiant,'  answered  he  of  the  Wood, 
'  but  more  knave  than  fool  or  than  valiant.'  '  It  is  not  so 
with  my  master,'  said  Sancho ;  '  for  he  is  ne'er  a  whit 
knave ;  rather  he  is  as  dull  as  a  beetle,  hurts  nobody,  does 
good  to  all ;  he  hath  no  malice,  a  child  will  make  him 
believe  'tis  night  at  noonday ;  and  for  his  simplicity,  I  love 
him  as  my  heart-strings,  and  cannot  find  in  my  heart  to 
leave  him  for  all  his  fopperies.'  '  For  all  that,  brother 
and  friend,'  said  he  of  the  Wood,  '  if  the  blind  guide  the 
blind,  both  will  be  in  danger  to  fall  into  the  pit.  'Tis 
better  to  retire  fair  and  softly,  and  return  to  our  loved 
homes ;  for  they  that  hunt  after  adventures  do  not  always 
light  upon  good.' 


270  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

Sancho  spit  often,  and,  as  it  seemed,  a  kind  of  gluey 
and  dry  matter,  which  noted  by  the  charitable  woody 
squire,  he  said,  '  Methinks  with  our  talking  our  tongues 
cleave  to  our  roofs ;  but  I  have  a  suppler  hangs  at  the 
pommel  of  my  horse  as  good  as  touch/  And,  rising  up, 
he  returned  presently  with  a  borracha  of  wine,  and  a 
baked-meat  at  least  half  a  yard  long ;  and  it  is  no  lie,  for 
it  was  of  a  parboiled  cony  so  large  that  Sancho,  when  he 
felt  it,  thought  it  had  been  of  a  goat,  and  not  a  kid,  which 
being  seen  by  Sancho,  he  said,  '  And  had  ye  this  with  you 
too,  sir  ? '  *  Why,  what  did  ye  think  ? '  said  the  other. 
*  Do  you  take  me  to  be  some  hungry  squire  ?  I  have 
better  provision  at  my  horse's  crupper  than  a  general 
carries  with  him  upon  a  march.'  Sancho  fell  to  without 
invitation,  and  champed  his  bits  in  the  dark,  as  if  he  had 
scraunched  knotted  cords,  and  said,  '  Ay,  marry,  sir,  you 
are  a  true  legal  squire,  round  and  sound,  royal  and 
liberal,  as  appears  by  your  feast,  which  if  it  came  not 
hither  by  way  of  enchantment,  yet  it  seems  so  at  least ; 
not  like  me,  unfortunate  wretch,  that  only  carry  in 
my  wallets  a  little  cheese,  so  hard  that  you  may  break 
a  giant's  head  with  it,  and  only  some  dozens  of  Saint 
John's  weed  leaves,  and  some  few  walnuts  and  small 
nuts, — plenty  in  the  strictness  of  my  master,  and  the 
opinion  he  hath  and  the  method  he  observes,  that 
knights-errant  must  only  be  maintained  and  sustained 
only  with  a  little  dry  fruit  and  sallets.'  '  By  my 
faith,  brother,'  replied  he  of  the  Wood,  '  my  stomach  is 
not  made  to  your  thistles  nor  your  stalks,  nor  your 
mountain  roots  ;  let  our  masters  deal  with  their  opinions 
and  their  knightly  statutes,  and  eat  what  they  will ;  I 
have  my  cold  meats,  and  this  bottle  hanging  at  the 
pommel  of  my  saddle,  will  he  or  nill  he,  which  I  reverence 
and  love  so  much  that  a  minute  passeth  not  in  which  I 
give  it  not  a  thousand  kisses  and  embraces.'  Which  said, 
he  gave  it  to  Sancho,  who,  rearing  it  on  end  at  his  mouth, 
looked  a  quarter  of  an  hour  together  upon  the  stars ;  and 
when  he  had  ended  his  draught  he  held  his  neck  on  one 
side,  and,  fetching  a  great  sigh,  cries,  '  O  whoreson  rascal, 


Chap.  XIII  THE   SQUIRES'  TALK  271 

how  Catholic  it  is  ! '  '  Law  ye  there  !  *  said  he  of  the 
Wood,  in  hearing  Sancho's  '  whoreson/  *  how  you  have 
praised  the  wine  in  calling  it  whoreson  !  '  *  I  say,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  that  I  confess  I  know  it  is  no  dishonour  to  call 
anybody  whoreson,  when  there  is  a  meaning  to  praise 
him.  But  tell  me,  sir,  by  the  remembrance  of  her  you 
love  best,  is  this  wine  of  Ciudad  Real  ?''^  'A  brave 
taste,'  said  he  of  the  Wood  ;  '  it  is  no  less,  and  it  is  of 
some  years'  standing  too.'  *  Let  me  alone,'  said  Sancho  ; 
'  you  could  not  but  think  I  must  know  it  to  the  height. 
Do  you  think  it  strange,  sir  squire,  that  I  should  have  so 
great  and  so  natural  an  instinct  in  distinguishing  betwixt 
wines,  that,  coming  to  smell  any  wine,  I  hit  upon  the 
place,  the  grape,  the  savour,  the  lasting,  the  strength,  with 
all  circumstances  belonging  to  wine  }  But  no  marvel,  if 
in  my  lineage  by  my  father's  side  I  had  two  of  the  most 
excellent  tasters  that  were  known  in  a  long  time  in 
Mancha,  for  proof  of  which  you  shall  know  what  befel 
them.  They  gave  to  these  two  some  wine  to  taste  out  of 
a  hogshead,  asking  their  opinions  of  the  state,  quality, 
goodness  or  badness  of  the  wine  :  the  one  of  them 
proved  it  with  the  tip  of  his  tongue,  the  other  only  smelt 
to  it.  The  first  said  that  that  wine  savoured  of  iron  ;  the 
second  said.  Rather  of  goat's  leather.  The  owner  pro- 
tested the  hogshead  was  clean,  and  that  the  wine  had  no 
kind  of  mixture  by  which  it  should  receive  any  savour  of 
iron  or  leather.  Notwithstanding,  the  two  famous  tasters 
stood  to  what  they  had  said.  Time  ran  on,  the  wine  was 
sold,  and  when  the  vessel  was  cleansed  there  was  found  in 
it  a  little  key  with  a  leathern  thong  hanging  at  it.  Now 
you  may  see  whether  he  that  comes  from  such  a  race  may 
give  his  opinion  in  these  matters.'  '  Therefore  I  say  to 
you,'  quoth  he  of  the  Wood,  '  let  us  leave  looking  after 
these  adventures,  and,  since  we  have  content,  let  us  not 
seek  after  dainties,  but  return  to  our  cottages,  for  there 
God  will  find  us,  if  it  be  His  will.'  '  Till  my  master  come 
to  Saragosa,  I  mean,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  to  serve  him,  and 
then  we'll  all  take  a  new  course.' 

^  A  place  in  Spain  that  hath  excellent  wines. 


272  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

In  fine,  the  two  good  squires  talked  and  drank  so  much 
that  it  was  fit  sleep  should  lay  their  tongues  and  slake 
their  thirst,  but  to  extinguish  it  was  impossible ;  so  both 
of  them  fastened  to  the  nigh-empty  bottle,  and,  their  meat 
scarce  out  of  their  mouths,  fell  asleep,  where  for  the 
present  we  will  leave  them,  and  tell  what  passed  between 
the  two  knights. 


CHAPTER   XIV 

How  the  Adventure  of  the  Knight  of  the  Wood  is  prosecuted 

Amongst  many  discourses  that  passed  between  Don  Quixote 
and  the  Knight  of  the  Wood,  the  history  says  that  he  of  the 
Wood  said  to  Don  Quixote,  '  In  brief,  sir  knight,  I  would 
have  you  know  that  my  destiny,  or,  to  say  better,  my 
election,  enamoured  me  upon  the  peerless  Casildea  de 
Vandalia.  Peerless  I  call  her,  as  being  so  in  the  greatness 
of  her  stature,  and  in  the  extreme  of  her  being  and  beauty. 
This  Casildea  I  tell  you  of  repaid  my  good  and  virtuous 
desires  in  employing  me,  as  did  the  stepmother  of  Hercules, 
in  many  and  different  perils,  promising  me,  at  the 
accomplishing  of  each  one,  in  performing  another  I  should 
enjoy  my  wishes  ;  but  my  labours  have  been  so  linked  one 
upon  another  that  they  are  numberless,  neither  know  I 
which  may  be  the  last  to  give  an  accomplishment  to  my 
lawful  desires.  Once  she  commanded  me  to  give  defiance 
to  that  famous  giantess  of  Seville  called  the  Giralda,  who  is 
so  valiant  and  so  strong  as  being  made  of  brass,  and,  without 
changing  place,  is  the  most  moveable  and  turning  woman 
in  the  world.  I  came,  I  saw,  and  conquered  her,  and  made 
her  stand  still  and  keep  distance  ;  for  a  whole  week 
together  no  winds  blew  but  the  north.  Otherwhiles  she 
commanded  me  to  lift  up  the  ancient  stones  of  the  fierce 
bulls  of  Guisando,^  an  enterprise  fitter  for  porters  than 
knights.      Another  time  she  commanded  me  to  go  down 

^As  if  we  should  say,  to  remove  the  stones  at  Stonage  in  Wiltshire. 


Chap.  XIV  THE   KNIGHT   OF   THE   WOOD  273 

and  dive  in  the  vault  of  Cabra — a  fearful  and  unheard-of 
attempt — and  to  bring  her  relation  of  all  that  was  enclosed 
in  that  dark  profundity.  I  stayed  the  motion  of  the  Giralda; 
I  weighed  the  bulls  of  Guisando  ;  I  cast  myself  down  the 
steep  cave,  and  brought  to  light  the  secrets  of  that  bottom; 
but  my  hopes  were  dead,  how  dead  !  her  disdains  still 
living,  how  living  !  Lastly,  she  hath  now  commanded  me 
that  I  run  over  all  the  provinces  of  Spain,  and  make  all  the 
knights-errant  that  wander  in  them  confess  that  she  alone 
goes  beyond  all  other  women  in  beauty,  and  that  I  am  the 
valiantest  and  most  enamoured  knight  of  the  world,  in 
which  demand  I  have  travelled  the  greatest  part  of  Spain, 
and  have  overcome  many  knights  that  durst  contradict  me. 
But  that  which  I  prize  and  esteem  most  is  that  I  have 
conquered  in  single  combat  that  so  famous  knight  Don 
Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  and  made  him  confess  that  my 
Casildea  is  fairer  than  his  Dulcinea ;  and  in  this  conquest 
only  I  make  account  that  I  have  conquered  all  the  knights 
in  the  world,  because  the  aforesaid  Don  Quixote  hath 
conquered  them  all,  and  I  having  overcome  him,  his  fame, 
his  glory,  and  his  honour  hath  been  transferred  and  passed 
over  to  my  person,  and  the  conqueror  is  so  much  the  more 
esteemed  by  how  much  the  conquered  was  reputed,  so  that 
the  innumerable  exploits  of  Don  Quixote  now  mentioned 
are  mine,  and  pass  upon  my  account.' 

Don  Quixote  admired  to  hear  the  Knight  of  the  Wood, 
and  was  a  thousand  times  about  to  have  given  him  the 
lie,  and  had  his  *  Thou  liest '  upon  the  point  of  his  tongue; 
but  he  deferred  it  as  well  as  he  could,  to  make  him  confess 
with  his  own  mouth  that  he  lied,  and  so  he  told  him 
calmly  :  '  That  you  may  have  overcome,  sir  knight,  all  the 
knights-errant  of  Spain  and  the  whole  world  I  grant  ye ; 
but  that  you  have  overcome  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha, 
I  doubt  it ;  it  may  be  some  other  like  him,  though  few 
there  be  so  like.'  '  Why  not  ?'  replied  he  of  the  Wood  : 
'I  can  assure  you,  sir,  I  fought  with  him,  overcame,  and 
made  him  yield.  He  is  a  tall  fellow,  withered-faced,  lank 
and  dry  in  his  limbs,  somewhat  hoary,  sharp-nosed,  and 
crooked ;    his    mustachoes    long,   black,   and  fallen ;    he 

II.  s 


274  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

marcheth  under  the  name  of  the  Knight  of  the  Sorrowful 
Countenance  ;  he  presses  the  loin  and  rules  the  bridle  of  a 
famous  horse  called  Rozinante  ;  and  has  for  the  mistress  of 
his  thoughts  one  Dulcinea  del  Toboso,  sometimes  called 
Aldonsa  Lorenso,  just  as  mine,  that  because  her  name  was 
Casilda,  and  of  Andaluzia,  I  call  her  Casildea  de  Vandalia  ; 
and,  if  all  these  tokens  be  not  enough  to  countenance  the 
truth,  here  is  my  sword  that  shall  make  incredulity  itself 
believe  it/ 

*  Have  patience,  good  sir  knight,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'and  here  what  I  shall  say.  Know  that  this  Don  Quixote 
you  speak  of  is  the  greatest  friend  I  have  in  this  world, 
and  so  much  that  I  may  tell  you  I  love  him  as  well  as  my- 
self, and  by  the  signs  that  you  have  given  of  him,  so 
punctual  and  certain,  I  cannot  but  think  it  is  he  whom  you 
have  overcome.  On  the  other  side,  I  see  with  mine  eyes, 
and  feel  with  my  hands,  that  it  is  not  possible  it  should 
be  he,  if  it  be  not  that,  as  he  hath  many  enchanters  that 
be  his  enemies,  especially  one  that  doth  ordinarily  persecute 
him,  there  be  some  one  that  hath  taken  his  shape  on 
him,  and  suffered  himself  to  be  overcome,  to  defraud  him 
of  the  glory  which  his  noble  chivalry  hath  gotten  and 
laid  up  for  him  throughout  the  whole  earth.  And,  for 
confirmation  of  this,  I  would  have  you  know  that  these 
enchanters  mine  enemies,  not  two  days  since,  transformed 
the  shape  and  person  of  the  fair  Dulcinea  del  Toboso  into 
a  foul  and  base  country-wench,  and  in  this  sort  belike  they 
have  transformed  Don  Quixote ;  and,  if  all  this  be  not 
sufficient  to  direct  you  in  the  truth,  here  is  Don  Quixote 
himself,  that  will  maintain  it  with  his  arms  on  foot  or  on 
horseback,  or  in  what  manner  you  please ' ;  and  he  grasped 
his  sword,  expecting  what  resolution  the  Knight  of  the 
Wood  would  take ;  who  with  a  staid  voice  answered  and 
said:  'A  good  paymaster  needs  no  surety;  he  that  could 
once,  Don  Quixote,  overcome  you  when  you  were  trans- 
formed, may  very  well  hope  to  restore  you  to  your  former 
being.  But  because  it  becomes  not  knights  to  do  their 
feats  in  the  dark,  like  highway  robbers  and  ruffians,  let  us 
stay  for  the  day,  that  the  sun  may  behold  our  actions  ; 


Chap.  XIV  A   COMBAT  ARRANGED  275 

and  the  condition  of  our  combat  shall  be  that  he  that  is 
overcome  shall  stand  to  the  mercy  of  the  conqueror, 
who,  by  his  victory,  shall  have  power  to  do  with  him 
according  to  his  will,  so  far  as  what  he  ordaineth  shall  be 
fitting  for  a  knight/  '  I  am  overjoyed  with  this  condition 
and  agreement,'  quoth  Don  Quixote. 

And  this  said,  they  went  where  their  squires  were,  whom 
they  found  snorting,  and  just  as  they  were  when  sleep  first 
stole  upon  them.  They  wakened  them,  and  commanded 
they  should  make  their  horses  ready,  for  by  sunrising  they 
meant  to  have  a  bloody  and  unequal  single  combat. 
At  which  news  Sancho  was  astonished  and  amazed,  as 
fearing  his  master's  safety,  by  reason  of  the  Knight  of  the 
Wood's  valour,  which  he  had  heard  from  his  squire  ;  but, 
without  any  reply,  the  two  squires  went  to  seek  their  cattle, 
for  by  this  the  three  horses  and  Dapple  had  smelt  out  one 
another,  and  were  together. 

By  the  way,  he  of  the  Wood  said  to  Sancho,  ^  You  must 
understand,  brother,  that  your  combatants  of  Andalusia 
use,  when  they  are  sticklers  in  any  quarrel,  not  to  stand 
idly  with  their  hands  in  their  pockets,  whilst  their  friends 
are  fighting.  I  tell  you  this,  because  you  may  know  that 
whilst  our  masters  are  at  it  we  must  skirmish  too,  and 
break  our  lances  to  shivers.'  *  This  custom,  sir  squire,' 
answered  Sancho, '  may  be  current  there,  and  pass  amongst 
your  ruffians  and  combatants  you  talk  of ;  but  with  your 
squires  that  belong  to  knights-errant,  not  so  much  as  a 
thought  of  it  ;  at  least  I  have  not  heard  my  master  so 
much  as  speak  a  word  of  any  such  custom,  and  he  knows 
without  book  all  the  ordinances  of  knight-errantry.  But 
let  me  grant  ye  that  'tis  an  express  ordinance  that  the 
squires  fight,  whilst  their  masters  do  so,  yet  I  will  not  fulfil 
that,  but  pay  the  penalty  that  shall  be  imposed  upon  such 
peaceable  squires  ;  for  I  do  not  think  it  will  be  above  two 
pound  of  wax,^  and  I  had  rather  pay  them,  for  I  know 
they  will  cost  me  less  than  the  lint  that  I  shall  spend  in 
making   tents  to   cure  my  head,  which   already  I   make 

^  Alluding  to  some  penalties  enjoined  by  confessors,  to  pay  to  burn  in 
candles  in  the  church. 


276  DON  QUIXOTE  Part  11 

account  is  cut  and  divided  in  two  ;  besides,  'tis  impossible 
I  should  fight,  having  never  a  sword,  and  I  never  wore 
any/ 

*  For  that,'  quoth  he  of  the  Wood,  '  I'll  tell  you  a  good 
remedy :  I  have  here  two  linen  bags  of  one  bigness  ;  you 
shall  have  one,  and  I  the  other,  and  with  these  equal 
weapons  we'll  fight  at  bag-blows.'  '  Let  us  do  so  an'  you 
will,'  said  Sancho ;  *  for  this  kind  of  fight  will  rather  serve 
to  dust  than  to  wound  us.'  *Not  so,'  said  the  other ;  'for 
within  the  bags,  that  the  wind  may  not  carry  them  to  and 
fro,  we  will  put  half  a  dozen  of  delicate  smooth  pebbles  of 
equal  weight,  and  so  we  may  bag-baste  one  another  with- 
out doing  any  great  hurt.'  '  Look  ye,  body  of  my  father !' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  what  martens'  or  sables'  fur,  or  what  fine 
carded  wool  he  puts  in  the  bags,  not  to  beat  out  our 
brains,  or  make  privet  of  our  bones  !  But  know,  sir,  if 
they  were  silk  balls  I  would  not  fight  ;  let  our  masters 
fight,  and  hear  on  it  in  another  world  ;  let  us  drink  and 
live,  for  time  will  be  careful  to  take  away  our  lives,  with- 
out our  striving  to  end  them  before  their  time  and  season, 
and  that  they  drop  before  they  are  ripe.'  *  For  all  that,' 
said  he  of  the  Wood,  '  we  must  fight  half  an  hour.'  '  No, 
no,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  I  will  not  be  so  discourteous  and  un- 
grateful as  to  wrangle  with  whom  I  have  eaten  and  drunk, 
let  the  occasion  be  never  so  small — how  much  more  I 
being  without  choler  or  anger  ;  who  the  devil  can  barely 
without  these  fight  ? '  '  For  this,'  said  he  of  the  Wood, 
'  I'll  give  you  a  sufficient  cause,  which  is,  that  before  we 
begin  the  combat  I  will  come  me  finely  to  you,  and  give 
you  three  or  four  boxes,  and  strike  you  to  my  feet,  with 
which  I  shall  awake  your  choler,  although  it  sleep  like  a 
dormouse.'  '  Against  this  cut  I  have  another,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  that  comes  not  short  of  it  :  I  will  take  me  a 
good  cudgel,  and  before  you  waken  my  choler  I  will  make 
you  sleep  so  soundly  with  bastinadoing  you  that  you  shall 
not  wake  but  in  another  world,  in  which  it  shall  be  known 
that  I  am  not  he  that  will  let  any  man  handle  my  face  ; 
and  every  man  look  to  the  shaft  he  shoots  ;  and  the  best 
way  were  to  let  every  man's  choler  sleep  with  him,  for  no 


Chap.  XIV  THE   SQUIRE'S  NOSE  277 

man  knows  what's  in  another,  and  many  come  for  wool 
that  return  shorn  ;  and  God  blessed  the  peace-makers, 
and  cursed  the  quarreller  ;  for  if  a  cat  shut  into  a  room, 
much  baited  and  straitened,  turn  to  be  a  lion,  God  knows 
what  I  that  am  a  man  may  turn  to.  Therefore  from 
henceforward,  sir  squire,  let  me  intimate  to  you  that  all  the 
evil  and  mischief  that  shall  arise  from  our  quarrel  be  upon 
your  head/  '  'Tis  well,'  quoth  he  of  the  Wood  ;  *  let  it  be 
day  and  we  shall  thrive  by  this.' 

And  now  a  thousand  sorts  of  painted  birds  began  to 
chirp  in  the  trees,  and  in  their  different  delightful  tones  it 
seemed  they  bade  good-morrow  and  saluted  the  fresh 
Aurora,  that  now  discovered  the  beauty  of  her  face 
thorough  the  gates  and  bay-windows  of  the  east,  shaking 
from  her  locks  an  infinite  number  of  liquid  pearls,  bathing 
the  herbs  in  her  sweet  liquor,  that  it  seemed  they  also 
sprouted  and  rained  white  and  small  pearls.  The  willows 
did  distil  their  savoury  manna ;  the  fountains  laughed ;  the 
brooks  murmured  ;  the  woods  were  cheered ;  and  the  fields 
were  enriched  with  her  coming. 

But  the  brightness  of  the  day  scarce  gave  time  to 
distinguish  things,  when  the  first  thing  that  offered  itself 
to  Sancho's  sight  was  the  Squire  of  the  Wood's  nose, 
which  was  so  huge  that  it  did  as  it  were  shadow  his  whole 
body.  It  is  said,  indeed,  that  it  was  of  an  extraordinary 
bigness,  crooked  in  the  midst,  and  all  full  of  warts  of  a 
darkish-green  colour,  like  a  berengene,  and  hung  some 
two  fingers  over  his  mouth.  This  hugeness,  colour,  warts, 
and  crookedness  did  so  disfigure  his  face  that  Sancho,  in 
seeing  him,  began  to  lay  about  him  backward  and  forward, 
like  a  young  raw  ancient,  and  resolved  with  himself  to 
endure  two  hundred  boxes  before  his  choler  should  waken 
to  fight  with  that  hobgoblin. 

Don  Quixote  beheld  his  opposite,  and  perceived  that 
his  helmet  was  on  and  drawn,  so  that  he  could  not  see 
his  face ;  but  he  saw  that  he  was  well  set  in  his  body, 
though  not  tall  :  upon  his  armour  he  wore  an  upper 
garment  or  cassock,  to  see  to,  of  pure  cloth  of  gold,  with 
many  moons  of  shining  looking-glasses  spread  about  it, 


2/8  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

which  made  him  appear  very  brave  and  gorgeous ;  a  great 
plume  of  green  feathers  waved  about  his  helmet,  with 
others  white  and  yellow ;  his  lance,  which  he  had  reared 
up  against  a  tree,  was  very  long  and  thick,  and  with  a 
steel  pike  above  a  handful  long.  Don  Quixote  observed 
and  noted  all,  and  by  what  he  had  seen  and  marked 
judged  that  the  said  knight  must  needs  be  of  great 
strength;  but  yet  he  was  not  afraid,  like  Sancho,  and 
with  a  bold  courage  thus  spoke  to  the  Knight  of  the 
Looking-glasses :  '  If  your  eagerness  to  fight,  sir  knight, 
have  not  spent  your  courtesy,  for  it  I  desire  you  to  lift 
up  your  visor  a  little,  that  I  may  behold  whether  the 
liveliness  of  your  face  be  answerable  to  that  of  your 
disposition,  whether  vanquished  or  vanquisher  you  be  in 
this  enterprise/  *  Sir  knight,'  answered  he  of  the 
Looking-glasses,  '  you  shall  have  time  and  leisure 
enough  to  see  me  ;  and,  if  I  do  not  now  satisfy  your 
desire,  it  is  because  I  think  I  shall  do  a  great  deal  of 
wrong  to  the  fair  Casildea  de  Vandalia,  to  delay  so  much 
time  as  to  lift  up  my  visor,  till  I  have  first  made  you 
confess  what  I  know  you  go  about.'  '  Well,  yet  while  we 
get  a-horseback,'  Don  Quixote  said,  '  you  may  resolve 
me  whether  I  be  that  Don  Quixote  whom  you  said  you 
had  vanquished.'  *  To  this  I  answer  you,'  said  he  of  the 
Looking-glasses,  '  you  are  as  like  the  knight  I  conquered 
as  one  egg  is  to  another ;  but,  as  you  say,  enchanters 
persecute  you,  and  therefore  I  dare  not  affirm  whether 
you  be  he  or  no.'  '  It  sufficeth,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  for  me  that  you  believe  your  being  deceived ;  but  that 
I  may  entirely  satisfy  you  let's  to  horse ;  for  in  less  time 
than  you  should  have  spent  in  the  lifting  up  your  visor, 
if  God,  my  mistress,  and  mine  arm  defend  me,  will  I  see 
your  face ;  and  you  shall  see  that  I  am  not  the  vanquished 
Don  Quixote  you  speak  of.' 

And  here  cutting  off  discourse,  to  horse  they  go,  and 
Don  Quixote  turned  Rozinante  about  to  take  so  much  of 
the  field  as  was  fit  for  him  to  return  to  encounter  his 
enemy  ;  and  the  Knight  of  the  Looking-glasses  did  the 
like.     But  Don  Quixote  was  not  gone  twenty  paces  from 


Chap.  XIV  SANCHO'S   RETREAT  279 

him  when  he  heard  that  he  of  the  Looking-glasses  called 
him  ;  so  the  two  parting  the  way,  he  of  the  Glasses  said, 
'  Be  mindful,  sir  knight,  that  the  condition  of  our  combat 
is  that  the  vanquished,  as  I  have  told  you  before,  must 
stand  to  the  discretion  of  the  vanquisher/  '  I  know  it,' 
said  Don  Quixote,  *  so  that  what  is  imposed  and  com- 
manded the  vanquished  be  within  the  bounds  and  limits  of 
cavallery.'     '  So  it  is  meant,'  said  he  of  the  Glasses. 

Here  Don  Quixote  saw  the  strange  nose  of  the  squire, 
and  he  did  not  less  wonder  at  the  sight  of  it  than  Sancho  ; 
insomuch  that  he  deemed  him  a  monster,  or  some  new 
kind  of  man  not  usual  in  the  world.  Sancho,  that  saw 
his  master  go  to  fetch  his  career,  would  not  tarry  alone 
with  Nose-autem,  fearing  that  at  one  snap  with  t'other's 
nose  upon  his,  their  fray  would  be  ended ;  that  either  with 
the  blow,  or  it,  he  should  come  to  ground  ;  so  he  ran 
after  his  master,  laying  hold  upon  one  of  Rozinante's 
stirrup-leathers  ;  and  when  he  thought  it  time  for  his 
master  to  turn  back  he  said,  '  I  beseech  your  worship, 
master  mine,  that  before  you  fall  to  your  encounter  you 
help  me  to  climb  up  yon  cork-tree,  from  whence  I  may 
better,  and  with  more  delight  than  from  the  ground,  see 
the  gallant  encounter  you  shall  make  with  this  knight.' 

'  Rather,  Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  thou  wouldst  get 
aloft,  as  into  a  scaffold  to  see  the  bulls  without  danger.' 
'  Let  me  deal  truly,'  said  Sancho ;  '  the  ugly  nose  of  that 
squire  hath  astonished  me,  and  I  dare  not  come  near  him.' 
'  Such  an  one  it  is,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  that  any  other  but 
I  might  very  well  be  afraid  of  it ;  and  therefore  come  and 
I'll  help  thee  up.' 

Whilst  Don  Quixote  was  helping  Sancho  up  into  the 
cork-tree,  he  of  the  Looking-glasses  took  up  room  for  his 
career,  and  thinking  that  Don  Quixote  would  have  done 
the  like,  without  looking  for  trumpet's  sound,  or  any  other 
warning  sign,  he  turned  his  horse's  reins — no  better  to  see 
to,  nor  swifter,  than  Rozinante — and  with  his  full  speed, 
which  was  a  reasonable  trot,  he  went  to  encounter  his 
enemy ;  but,  seeing  him  busied  in  the  mounting  of  Sancho, 
he  held  in  his  reins  and  stopped  in  the  midst  of  his  career, 


28o  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

for  which  his  horse  was  most  thankful,  as  being  unable  to 
move.  Don  Quixote,  who  thought  his  enemy  by  this 
came  flying,  set  spurs  lustily  to  Rozinante's  hinder  flank, 
and  made  him  post  in  such  manner  that,  the  story  says, 
now  only  he  seemed  to  run,  for  all  the  rest  was  plain  trot- 
ting heretofore ;  and  with  this  unspeakable  fury  he  came 
where  he  of  the  Looking-glasses  was  jagging  his  spurs 
into  his  horse  to  the  very  hoops,  without  being  able  to 
remove  him  a  finger's  length  from  the  place  where  he  had 
set  up  his  rest  for  the  career. 

In  this  good  time  and  conjuncture  Don  Quixote  found 
his  contrary  puzzled  with  his  horse,  and  troubled  with  his 
lance  ;  for  either  he  could  not  or  else  wanted  time  to  set 
it  in  his  rest.  Don  Quixote,  that  never  looked  into  these 
inconveniences,  safely  and  without  danger  encountered 
him  of  the  Looking-glasses  so  furiously  that  in  spite  of  his 
teeth  he  made  him  come  to  the  ground  from  his  horse- 
crupper,  with  such  a  fall  that,  stirring  neither  hand  nor 
foot,  he  made  show  as  if  he  had  been  dead.  Sancho  scarce 
saw  him  down,  when  he  slid  from  the  cork-tree,  and  came 
in  all  haste  to  his  master,  who  dismounted  from  Rozinante, 
got  upon  him  of  the  Looking-glasses,  and  unlacing  his 
helmet  to  see  if  he  were  dead  or  if  he  were  alive,  to  give 
him  air,  he  saw — who  can  tell  without  great  admiration, 
wonder,  and  amaze  to  him  that  shall  hear  it  i' — he  saw, 
says  the  history,  the  selfsame  face,  the  same  visage,  the 
same  aspect,  the  same  physiognomy,  the  same  shape,  the 
same  perspective  of  the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco ;  and  as 
he  saw  it  he  cried  aloud,  '  Come,  Sancho,  and  behold  what 
thou  may  St  see,  and  not  believe ;  run,  whoreson,  and 
observe  the  power  of  magic,  what  witches  and  enchanters 
can  do.' 

Sancho  drew  near,  and  saw  the  bachelor  Samson 
Carrasco's  face,  and  so  began  to  make  a  thousand  crosses, 
and  to  bless  himself  as  oft.  In  all  this  while  the  over- 
thrown knight  made  no  show  of  living.  And  Sancho  said 
to  Don  Quixote,  '  I  am  of  opinion,  sir,  that  by  all  means  you 
thrust  your  sword  down  this  fellow's  throat  that  is  so  like 
the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco,  and  so  perhaps  in  him  you 


Chap.  XIV  A   NEW  ENCHANTMENT  281 

shall  kill  some  of  your  enemies  the  enchanters.'  '  'Tis  not 
ill  advised/  quoth  Don  Quixote.  So  drawing  out  his 
sword,  to  put  Sancho's  counsel  in  execution,  the  knight's 
squire  came  in,  his  nose  being  off  that  had  so  disfigured 
him,  and  said  aloud,  '  Take  heed.  Sir  Don  Quixote,  what 
you  do  ;  for  he  that  is  now  at  your  mercy  is  the  bachelor 
Samson  Carrasco  your  friend,  and  I  his  squire.' 

Now  Sancho,  seeing  him  without  his  former  deformity, 
said  to  him,  '  and  your  nose  ? '  To  which  he  answered, 
'  Here  it  is  in  my  pocket' ;  and,  putting  his  hand  to  his 
right  side,  he  pulled  out  a  pasted  nose  and  a  varnished 
vizard,  of  the  manufacture  described.  And  Sancho,  more 
and  more  beholding  him,  with  a  loud  and  admiring  voice 
said,  'Saint  Mary  defend  me  !  and  is  not  this  Thomas 
Cecial  my  neighbour  and  my  gossip  ? '  '  And  how  say  you 
by  that  ? '  quoth  the  unnosed  squire.  '  Thomas  Cecial  I 
am,  gossip  and  friend  Sancho,  and  straight  I  will  tell  you 
the  conveyances,  sleights,  and  tricks  that  brought  me 
hither ;  in  the  meantime  request  and  entreat  your  master 
that  he  touch  not,  misuse,  wound,  or  kill  the  Knight  of 
the  Looking-glasses,  now  at  his  mercy,  for  doubtless  it  is 
the  bold  and  ill-advised  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco  our 
countryman.' 

By  this  time  the  Knight  of  the  Looking-glasses  came  to 
himself,  which  Don  Quixote  seeing,  he  clapt  the  bare  point 
of  his  sword  upon  his  face,  and  said,  '  Thou  diest,  knight, 
if  thou  confess  not  that  the  peerless  Dulcinea  del  Toboso 
excels  your  Casildea  de  Vandalia  in  beauty  ;  and  moreover 
you  shall  promise,  if  from  this  battle  and  fall  you  remain 
with  life,  to  go  to  the  city  of  Toboso,  and  present  yourself 
from  me  before  her,  that  she  may  dispose  of  you  as  she 
pleaseth  ;  and  if  she  pardon  you  you  shall  return  to  me  ; 
for  the  track  of  my  exploits  will  be  your  guide,  and  bring 
you  where  I  am,  to  tell  me  what  hath  passed  with  her. 
These  conditions,  according  to  those  we  agreed  on  before 
the  battle,  exceed  not  the  limits  of  knight-errantry.'  *  I 
confess,'  said  the  fallen  knight,  that  the  Lady  Dulcinea 
del  Toboso's  torn  and  foul  shoe  is  more  worth  than  the 
ill-combed  hair,  though  clean,   of  Casildea  ;   and  here  I 


282  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

promise  to  go  and  come  from  her  presence  to  yours,  and 
give  entire  and  particular  relation  of  all  you  require.' 
'  You  shall  also  confess  and  believe/  added  Don  Quixote, 
*  that  the  knight  whom  you  overcame  neither  was  nor 
could  be  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  but  some  other  like 
him,  as  I  confess  and  believe  that  you,  although  you  seem 
to  be  the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco,  are  not  he,  but  one 
like  him,  and  that  my  enemies  have  cast  you  into  his 
shape,  that  I  may  withhold  and  temper  the  force  of  my 
choler,  and  use  moderately  the  glory  of  my  conquest.' 
'  I  confess,  judge,  and  allow  of  all,  as  you  confess,  judge, 
and  allow,'  answered  the  back-broken  knight.  '  Let  me 
rise,  I  pray  you,  if  the  blow  of  my  fall  will  let  me ;  for 
it  hath  left  me  in  ill  case.' 

Don  Quixote  helped  him  to  rise,  and  Thomas  Cecial  his 
squire,  on  whom  Sancho  still  cast  his  eyes,  asking  him 
questions,  whose  answers  gave  him  manifest  signs  that 
he  was  Thomas  Cecial  indeed,  as  he  said ;  but  the  appre- 
hension that  was  made  in  Sancho  by  what  his  master 
had  said,  that  the  enchanters  had  changed  the  form  of 
the  Knight  of  the  Glasses  into  Samson  Carrasco's,  made 
him  not  believe  what  he  saw  with  his  eyes.  To  conclude, 
the  master  and  man  remained  still  in  their  error ;  and 
he  of  the  Glasses  and  his  squire,  very  moody  and  ill 
errants,  left  Don  Quixote,  purposing  to  seek  some  town 
where  he  might  cerecloth  himself,  and  settle  his  ribs. 
Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  held  on  their  way  to  Saragosa, 
where  the  story  leaves  them,  to  tell  who  was  the  Knight 
of  the  Glasses  and  his  nosy  squire. 


CHAPTER    XV 

PFho  the  Knight  of  the  Looking-glasses  and  his  Squire  were 

Don  Quixote  was  extremely  contented,  glad,  and  vain- 
glorious, that  he  had  subdued  so  valiant  a  knight  as  he 


Chap.  XV  SAMSON   CARRASCO  283 

imagined  he  of  the  Looking-glasses  was,  from  whose 
knightly  word  he  hoped  to  know  if  the  enchantment  of 
his  mistress  were  certain,  since  of  necessity  the  said 
vanquished  knight  was  to  return,  on  pain  of  not  being 
so,  to  relate  what  had  happened  unto  him  ;  but  Don 
Quixote  thought  one  thing,  and  he  of  the  Glasses  another, 
though  for  the  present  he  minded  nothing  but  to  seek 
where  he  might  cerecloth  himself.  The  history  then  tells 
us  that,  when  the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco  advised  Don 
Quixote  to  prosecute  his  forsaken  cavallery,  he  entered 
first  of  all  into  counsel  with  the  vicar  and  the  barber  to 
know  what  means  they  should  use  that  Don  Quixote 
might  be  persuaded  to  stay  at  home  peaceably  and  quietly, 
without  troubling  himself  with  his  unlucky  adventures  ; 
from  which  counsel,  by  the  common  consent  of  all  and 
particular  opinion  of  Carrasco,  it  was  agreed  that  Don 
Quixote  should  abroad  again,  since  it  was  impossible  to 
stay  him  ;  and  that  Samson  should  meet  him  upon  the 
way  like  a  knight-errant,  and  should  fight  with  him,  since 
an  occasion  would  not  be  wanting,  and  so  to  overcome  him, 
which  would  not  be  difficult,  and  that  there  should  be  a 
covenant  and  agreement  that  the  vanquished  should  stand 
to  courtesy  of  the  vanquisher,  so  that,  Don  Quixote  being 
vanquished,  the  bachelor  knight  should  command  him  to 
get  him  home  to  his  town  and  house,  and  not  to  stir 
from  thence  in  two  years  after,  or  till  he  should  command 
him  to  the  contrary  ;  the  which  in  all  likelihood  Don 
Quixote,  once  vanquished,  would  infallibly  accomplish,  as 
unwilling  to  contradict  or  be  defective  in  the  laws  of 
knighthood,  and  it  might  so  be  that,  in  this  time  of 
sequestering,  he  might  forget  all  his  vanities,  or  they 
might  find  out  some  convenient  remedy  for  his  madness. 
Carrasco  accepted  of  it,  and  Thomas  Cecial  offered  himself 
to  be  his  squire — Sancho  Panza's  neighbour  and  gossip,  a 
merry  knave  and  a  witty.  Samson  armed  himself,  as  you 
have  heard,  and  Thomas  Cecial  fitted  the  false  nose  to  his 
own,  and  afterwards  he  clapt  on  his  vizard,  that  he  might 
not  be  known  by  his  gossip  when  they  should  meet.  So 
they  held  on  the  same  voyage  with  Don  Quixote,  and  they 


284  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

came  even  just  as  he  was  in  the  adventure  of  Death's 
waggon  ;  and  at  last  they  lighted  on  them  in  the  wood, 
where  what  befel  them  the  discreet  reader  hath  seen  ;  and, 
if  it  had  not  been  for  the  strange  opinion  that  Don 
Quixote  had,  that  the  bachelor  was  not  the  self-same  man, 
he  had  been  spoiled  for  ever  for  taking  another  degree, 
since  he  missed  his  mark. 

Thomas  Cecial,  that  saw  what  ill  use  he  had  made  of  his 
hopes,  and  the  bad  effect  that  his  journey  took,  said  to  the 
bachelor,  '  Truly,  Master  Samson,  we  have  our  deserts ; 
things  are  easily  conceived,  and  enterprises  easily  under- 
taken, but  very  hardly  performed.  Don  Quixote  mad, 
we  wise  ;  but  he  is  gone  away  sound  and  merry,  you  are 
here  bruised  and  sorrowful  ;  let  us  know,  then,  who  is  the 
greatest  madman,  he  that  is  so  and  cannot  do  withal,  or  he 
that  is  so  for  his  pleasure.'  To  which  quoth  Samson  : 
*  The  difference  between  these  madmen  is,  that  he  that  of 
necessity  is  so  will  always  remain  so,  and  he  that  accidentally 
is  so  may  leave  it  when  he  will.'  '  Since  it  is  so,'  said 
Thomas  Cecial,  '  I  that  for  my  pleasure  was  mad,  when  I 
would  needs  be  your  squire,  for  the  same  reason  I  would 
leave  the  office  and  return  home  to  my  own  house.'  '  'Tis 
fit  you  should,'  said  Samson  ;  '  yet  to  think  that  I  will  do 
so  till  I  have  soundly  banged  Don  Quixote  is  vain.  And 
now  I  go  not  about  to  restore  him  to  his  wits,  but  to 
revenge  myself  on  him ;  for  the  intolerable  pain  I  feel  in 
my  ribs  will  not  permit  me  a  more  charitable  discourse.' 

Thus  they  two  went  on  parleying  till  they  came  to  a 
town  where  by  chance  they  lighted  upon  a  bone-setter, 
who  cured  the  unfortunate  Samson.  Thomas  Cecial  went 
home  and  left  him,  and  he  stayed  musing  upon  his 
revenge  :  and  the  history  hereafter  will  return  to  him, 
which  at  present  must  make  merry  with  Don  Quixote. 


Chap,  XVI        DON   DIEGO   DE   MIRANDA  285 


CHAPTER  XVI 

What  befel  Don  Quixote  with  a  Discreet  Gentleman 

of  Mancha 

Don  Quixote  went  on  his  journey  with  the  joy,  content, 
and  gladness  as  hath  been  mentioned,  imagining  that  for 
the  late  victory  he  was  the  most  valiant  knight  that  that 
age  had  in  the  world  ;  he  made  account  that  all  adven- 
tures that  should  from  thenceforward  befal  him  were 
brought  to  a  happy  and  prosperous  end  ;  he  cared  not 
now  for  any  enchantments  or  enchanters  ;  he  forgot  the 
innumerable  bangs  that  in  the  prosecution  of  his  chivalry 
had  been  given  him,  and  the  stones  cast,  that  strook  out 
half  his  teeth,  and  the  unthankfulness  of  the  galley-slaves, 
and  the  boldness  and  showers  of  stakes  of  the  Yangueses. 
In  conclusion,  he  said  to  himself  that,  if  he  could  find  any 
art,  manner,  or  means  how  to  disenchant  his  mistress 
Dulcinea,  he  would  not  envy  the  greatest  happiness  or 
prosperity  that  ever  any  knight-errant  of  former  times 
had  obtained. 

He  was  altogether  busied  in  these  imaginations  when 
Sancho  told  him  :  '  How  say  you,  sir,  that  I  have  still 
before  mine  eyes  that  ill-favoured,  more  than  ordinary, 
nose  of  my  gossip  Thomas  Cecial  ? '  *  And  do  you 
happily,  Sancho,  think  that  the  Knight  of  the  Looking- 
glasses  was  the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco,  and  his  squire 
Thomas  Cecial  your  gossip  ? '  'I  know  not  what  to  say 
to  it,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  '  only  I  know  that  the  tokens  he 
gave  me  of  my  house,  wife,  and  children,  no  other  could 
give  'em  me  but  he  ;  and  his  face,  his  nose  being  off,  was 
the  same,  that  Thomas  Cecial's,  as  I  have  seen  him  many 
times  in  our  town,  and  next  house  to  mine  ;  and  his  voice 
was  the  same.'  ^  Let  us  be  reasonable,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote  ;  '  come  hither.  How  can  any  man  imagine  that 
the  bachelor  Samson  Carrasco  should  come  like  a  knight- 
errant,  armed  with  arms  offensive  and  defensive,  to  fight 


286  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

with  me  ?  Have  I  ever  given  him  occasion  that  he  should 
dog  me  ?  Am  I  his  rival  ;  or  is  he  a  professor  of  arms, 
to  envy  the  glory  that  I  have  gotten  by  them  ? '  '  Why, 
what  should  I  say,'  answered  Sancho,  '  when  I  saw  that 
knight,  be  he  who  he  will,  look  so  like  the  bachelor 
Carrasco,  and  his  squire  to  Thomas  Cecial  my  gossip  ? 
And  if  it  were  an  enchantment,  as  you  say,  were  there  no 
other  two  in  the  world  they  might  look  like  ? '  '  All  is 
juggling  and  cunning,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  of  the  wicked 
magicians  that  persecute  me,  who,  foreseeing  that  I  should 
remain  victor  in  this  combat,  had  provided  that  the  van- 
quished knight  should  put  on  the  shape  of  my  friend 
Carrasco,  that  the  friendship  I  bear  him  might  mediate 
betwixt  the  edge  of  my  sword  and  the  rigour  of  my  arm, 
and  temper  my  heart's  just  indignation  ;  and  so  that  he 
might  escape  with  his  life  that  with  tricks  and  devices 
sought  to  take  away  mine.  For  proof  of  which,  O  Sancho  ! 
thou  knowest,  by  experience  that  will  not  let  thee  lie 
or  be  deceived,  how  easy  it  is  for  enchanters  to  change 
one  face  into  another,  making  the  beautiful  deformed, 
and  the  deformed  beautiful ;  and  it  is  not  two  days  since 
with  thine  own  eyes  thou  sawest  the  beauty  and  liveli- 
ness of  the  peerless  Dulcinea  in  its  perfection  and  natural 
conformity,  and  I  saw  her  in  the  foulness  and  meanness 
of  a  coarse  milkmaid,  with  blear  eyes  and  stinking  breath, 
so  that  the  perverse  enchanter  that  durst  cause  so  wicked 
a  metamorphosis,  'tis  not  much  that  he  hath  done  the  like 
in  the  shapes  of  Samson  Carrasco  and  Thomas  Cecial,  to 
rob  me  of  the  glory  of  my  conquest.  Notwithstanding,  I 
am  of  good  comfort ;  for,  in  what  shape  soever  it  were,  I 
have  vanquished  mine  enemy.'  '  God  knows  all,'  said 
Sancho ;  and,  whereas  he  knew  the  transformation  of 
Dulcinea  had  been  a  trick  of  his,  his  master's  chimeras 
gave  him  no  satisfaction ;  but  he  durst  not  reply  a  word, 
for  fear  of  discovering  his  cozenage. 

Whilst  they  were  thus  reasoning,  one  overtook  them 
that  came  their  way,  upon  a  fair  flea-bitten  mare,  upon  his 
back  a  riding-coat  of  fine  green  cloth,  welted  with  tawny 
velvet,  with  a  hunter's  cap  of  the  same ;  his  mare's  furni- 


Chap.  XVI       DON   DIEGO   DE   MIRANDA  287 

ture  was  for  the  field,  and  after  the  jennet  fashion,  of  the 
said  tawny  and  green ;  he  wore  a  Moorish  scimitar, 
hanging  at  a  broad  belt  of  green  and  gold ;  his  buskins 
were  wrought  with  the  same  that  his  belt  was ;  his  spurs 
were  not  gilt,  but  laid  on  with  a  green  varnish,  so  smooth 
and  burnished  that  they  were  more  suitable  to  the  rest  of 
his  clothes  than  if  they  had  been  of  beaten  gold.  Coming 
near,  he  saluted  them  courteously,  and,  spurring  his  mare, 
rode  on ;  but  Don  Quixote  said  to  him,  '  Gallant,  if  you 
go  our  way,  and  your  haste  be  not  great,  I  should  take  it 
for  a  favour  that  we  might  ride  together.'  *  Truly,  sir,* 
said  he  with  the  mare,  '  I  should  not  ride  from  you,  but 
that  I  fear  your  horse  will  be  unruly  with  the  company  of 
my  mare.'  'You  may  well,  sir,'  said  Sancho,  'you  may 
well  rein  in  your  mare ;  for  our  horse  is  the  honestest  and 
mannerliest  horse  in  the  world ;  he  is  never  unruly  upon 
these  occasions ;  and  once,  when  he  flew  out,  my  master 
and  I  paid  for  it  with  a  witness.  I  say  again,  you  may 
stay  if  you  please,  for,  although  your  mare  were  given  him 
between  two  dishes,  he  would  not  look  at  her.' 

The  passenger  held  in  his  reins,  wondering  at  Don 
Quixote's  countenance  and  posture,  who  was  now  without 
his  helmet,  for  Sancho  carried  it  in  a  cloak-bag  at  the 
pommel  of  Dapple's  pack-saddle ;  and,  if  he  in  the  green 
did  much  look  at  Don  Quixote,  Don  Quixote  did  much 
more  eye  him,  taking  him  to  be  a  man  of  worth.  His  age 
showed  him  to  be  about  fifty,  having  few  grey  hairs ;  his 
face  was  somewhat  sharp,  his  countenance  of  an  equal 
temper ;  lastly,  in  his  fashion  and  posture,  he  seemed  to 
be  a  man  of  good  quality.  His  opinion  of  Don  Quixote 
was  that  he  had  never  seen  such  a  kind  of  man  before ; 
the  lankness  of  his  horse,  the  tallness  of  his  own  body,  the 
spareness  and  paleness  of  his  face  made  him  admire;  his 
arms,  his  gesture,  and  composition,  a  shape  and  picture, 
as  it  were,  had  not  been  seen  many  ages  before  in  that 
country. 

Don  Quixote  noted  well  with  what  attention  the  traveller 
beheld  him,  and  in  his  suspense  read  his  desire,  and,  being 
so  courteous  and  so  great  a  friend  to  give  all  men  content, 


288  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

before  he  demanded  him  anything,  to  prevent  him,  he 
said :  '  This  outside  of  mine  that  you  have  seen,  sir, 
because  it  is  so  rare  and  different  from  others  now  in  use, 
may,  no  doubt,  have  bred  some  wonder  in  you,  which  you 
will  cease  when  I  shall  tell  you,  as  now  I  do,  that  I  am  a 
knight,  one  of  those,  as  you  would  say,  that  seek  their 
fortunes.  I  went  out  of  my  country,  engaged  mine  estate, 
left  my  pleasure,  committed  myself  to  the  arms  of  Fortune, 
to  carry  me  whither  she  pleased.  My  desire  was  to  raise 
again  the  dead  knight-errantry ;  and  long  ago,  stumbling 
here  and  falling  there,  casting  myself  headlong  in  one 
place  and  rising  up  in  another,  I  have  accomplished  a 
great  part  of  my  desire,  succouring  widows,  defending 
damosels,  favouring  married  women,  orphans,  and  dis- 
tressed children,  the  proper  and  natural  office  of  knights- 
errant  ;  so  that  by  my  many  valiant  and  Christian  exploits 
I  have  merited  to  be  in  the  press,  in  all  or  most  nations  of 
the  world  ;  thirty  thousand  volumes  of  my  history  have 
been  printed,  and  thirty  thousand  millions  more  are  like 
to  be,  if  Heaven  permit.  Lastly,  to  shut  up  all  in  a  word, 
I  am  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  otherwise  called  the 
Knight  of  the  Sorrowful  Countenance ;  and,  though  one 
should  not  praise  himself,  yet  I  must  needs  do  it, — that  is, 
there  being  none  present  that  may  do  it  for  me ;  so  that, 
kind  gentleman,  neither  this  horse,  this  lance,  nor  this  shield, 
nor  this  squire,  nor  all  these  arms  together,  nor  the  paleness 
of  my  face,  nor  my  slender  macilency,  ought  henceforward 
to  admire  you,  you  knowing  now  who  I  am,  and  the  pro- 
fession I  maintain.' 

This  said,  Don  Quixote  was  silent,  and  he  with  the 
green  coat  was  a  great  while  ere  he  could  answer,  as  if  he 
could  not  hit  upon't ;  but,  after  some  pause,  he  said  :  '  You 
were  in  the  right,  sir  knight,  in  knowing,  by  my  suspension, 
my  desire  ;  but  yet  you  have  not  quite  removed  my 
admiration,  which  was  caused  with  seeing  you ;  for, 
although  that,  as  you  say,  sir,  that  to  know  who  you 
are  might  make  me  leave  wondering,  it  is  otherwise 
rather,  since,  now  I  know  it,  I  am  in  more  suspense  and 
wonderment.     And  is  it  possible  that  at  this  day  there  be 


Chap.  XVI        DON   DIEGO   DE   MIRANDA  289 

knights-errant  in  the  world,  and  that  there  be  true 
histories  of  knighthood  printed  ?  I  cannot  persuade 
myself  that  any  now  favour  widows,  defend  damosels, 
honour  married  women,  or  succour  orphans ;  and  I 
should  never  have  believed  it,  if  I  had  not  in  you  beheld 
it  with  mine  eyes.  Blessed  be  heavens  !  for  with  this 
history  you  speak  of,  which  is  printed,  of  your  true  and 
lofty  chivalry,  those  innumerable  falsities  of  feigned 
knights-errant  will  be  forgotten,  which  the  world  was 
full  of,  so  hurtful  to  good  education  and  prejudicial  to 
true  stories.'  '  There  is  much  to  be  spoken,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  '  whether  the  histories  of  knights-errant  were 
feigned  or  true.'  *  Why,  is  there  any  that  doubts,'  said 
he  in  the  green,  '  that  they  be  not  false  ? '  'I  do,'  said 
Don  Quixote,  'and  let  it  suffice;  for,  if  our  journey  last, 
I  hope  in  God  to  let  you  see  that  you  have  done  ill  to  be 
led  with  the  stream  of  them  that  hold  they  are  not  true.' 
At  this  last  speech  of  Don  Quixote  the  traveller  sus- 
pected he  was  some  idiot,  and  expected  when  some  others 
of  his  might  confirm  it ;  but,  before  they  should  be  diverted 
with  any  other  discourse,  Don  Quixote  desired  to  know 
who  he  was,  since  he  had  imparted  to  him  his  condition 
and  life.  He  in  the  green  made  answer :  '  I,  Sir  Knight 
of  the  Sorrowful  Countenance,  am  a  gentleman  born  in  a 
town  where,  God  willing,  we  shall  dine  to-day ;  I  am  well 
to  live ;  my  name  is  Don  Diego  de  Miranda ;  I  spend  my 
life  with  my  wife  and  children,  and  friends :  my  sports  are 
hunting  and  fishing ;  but  I  have  neither  hawk  nor  grey- 
hounds, only  a  tame  cock-partridge,  or  a  murdering  ferret ; 
some  six  dozen  of  books,  some  Spanish,  some  Latin,  some 
history,  others  devotion ;  your  books  of  knighthood  have 
not  yet  entered  the  threshold  of  my  door ;  I  do  more 
turn  over  your  profane  books  than  religious,  if  they  be  for 
honest  recreation,  such  as  may  delight  for  their  language, 
and  admire  and  suspend  for  their  invention,  although  in 
Spain  there  be  few  of  these.  Sometimes  I  dine  with  my 
neighbours  and  friends,  and  otherwhiles  invite  them ;  my 
meals  are  neat  and  handsome,  and  nothing  scarce.  I 
neither  love  to  backbite  myself,  nor  to  hear  others  do  it ; 

II.  T 


290  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

I  search  not  into  other  men's  lives,  or  am  a  lynce  to  other 
men's  actions ;  I  hear  every  day  a  mass ;  part  my  goods 
with  the  poor,  without  making  a  muster  of  my  good  deeds, 
that  I  may  not  give  way  to  hypocrisy  and  vain-glory  to 
enter  into  my  heart,  enemies  that  easily  seize  upon  the 
wariest  breast ;  I  strive  to  make  peace  between  such  as  are 
at  odds  ;  I  am  devoted  to  our  Blessed  Lady,  and  always 
trust  in  God's  infinite  mercy.' 

Sancho  was  most  attentive  to  this  relation  of  the  life  and 
entertainments  of  this  gentleman,  which  seeming  to  him  to 
be  good  and  holy,  and  that  he  that  led  it  worked  miracles, 
he  flung  himself  from  Dapple,  and  in  great  haste  laid  hold 
of  his  right  stirrup,  and  with  the  tears  in  his  eyes  often 
kissed  his  feet,  which  being  seen  by  the  gentleman,  he  asked 
him,  '  What  do  you,  brother  ?  Wherefore  be  these  kisses  ? ' 
*  Let  me  kiss,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  for  methinks  your  worship 
is  the  first  saint  that  in  all  the  days  of  my  life  I  ever  saw 
a-horseback.'  'I  am  no  saint,'  said  he,  'but  a  great  sinner; 
you,  indeed,  brother,  are,  and  a  good  soul,  as  your 
simplicity  shows  you  to  be.'  Sancho  went  again  to  recover 
his  pack-saddle,  having,  as  it  were,  brought  into  the 
market-place  his  master's  laughter  out  of  a  profound 
melancholy,  and  caused  a  new  admiration  in  Don  Diego. 

Don  Quixote  asked  him  how  many  sons  he  had,  who 
told  him  that  one  of  the  things  in  which  the  philosopher's 
summum  honum  did  consist  (who  wanted  the  true  knowledge 
of  God)  was  in  the  goods  of  nature  and  in  those  of  fortune; 
in  having  many  friends,  and  many  and  virtuous  children. 
'  I,  Sir  Don  Quixote,'  answered  the  gentleman,  'have  a  son, 
whom  if  I  had  not,  perhaps  you  would  judge  me  more 
happy  than  I  am, — not  that  he  is  so  bad,  but  because  not 
so  good  as  I  would  have  him.  He  is  about  eighteen  years 
of  age,  six  of  which  he  hath  spent  in  Salamanca,  learning 
the  tongues,  Greek  and  Latin  :  and,  when  I  had  a  purpose 
that  he  should  fall  to  other  sciences,  I  found  him  so  besotted 
with  poesy,  and  that  science,  if  so  it  may  be  called,  that  it 
is  not  possible  to  make  him  look  upon  the  law,  which 
I  would  have  him  study,  nor  divinity,  the  queen  of  all 
sciences.     I  would  he  were  the  crown  of  all  his  lineage, 


Chap.  XVI  ON   POETRY  291 

since  we  live  in  an  age  wherein  our  King  doth  highly 
reward  good  learning  ;  for  learning  without  goodness  is 
like  a  pearl  cast  in  a  swine's  snout.  All  the  day  long  he 
spends  in  his  criticisms,  whether  Homer  said  well  or  ill  in 
such  a  verse  of  his  Iliads,  whether  Martial  were  bawdy  or  no 
in  such  an  epigram,  whether  such  or  such  a  verse  in  Virgil 
ought  to  be  understood  this  way  or  that  way.  Indeed,  all 
his  delight  is  in  these  aforesaid  poets,  and  in  Horace, 
Persius,  Juvenal,  and  TibuUus ;  but  of  your  modern 
writers  he  makes  small  account  :  yet,  for  all  the  grudge  he 
bears  to  modern  poesy,  he  is  mad  upon  your  catches,  and 
your  glossing  upon  four  verses,  which  were  sent  him  from 
Salamanca,  and  that  I  think  is  his  true  study.* 

To  all  which  Don  Quixote  answered  :  '  Children,  sir,  are 
pieces  of  the  very  entrails  of  their  parents,  so,  let  them  be 
good  or  bad,  they  must  love  them,  as  we  must  love  our 
spirits  that  give  us  life.  It  concerns  their  parents  to  direct 
them  from  their  infancy  in  the  paths  of  virtue,  of  good 
manners,  and  good  and  Christian  exercises,  that  when  they 
come  to  years  they  may  be  the  staff  of  their  age  and  the 
glory  of  their  posterity  ;  and  I  hold  it  not  so  proper 
to  force  them  to  study  this  or  that  science,  though  to 
persuade  them  were  not  amiss  :  and,  though  it  be  not  to 
study  to  get  his  bread — the  student  being  so  happy  that 
God  hath  given  him  parents  able  to  leave  him  well — mine 
opinion  should  be  that  they  let  him  follow  that  kind  of 
study  he  is  most  inclined  to,  and,  though  that  of  poetry  be 
less  profitable  than  delightful,  yet  it  is  none  of  those  that 
will  dishonour  the  professor.  Poetry,  signior,  in  my 
opinion,  is  like  a  tender  virgin,  young  and  most  beautiful, 
whom  many  other  virgins — to  wit,  all  the  other  sciences 
— are  to  enrich,  polish,  and  adorn ;  she  is  to  be  served  by 
them  all,  and  all  are  to  be  authorised  by  her.  But  this  virgin 
will  not  be  handled  and  hurried  up  and  down  the  streets, 
nor  pubHshed  in  every  market-nook  nor  court-corners ; 
she  is  made  of  a  kind  of  alchymy  that  he  that  knows  how 
to  handle  her  will  quickly  turn  her  into  the  purest  gold  of 
inestimable  value ;  he  that  enjoyeth  her  must  hold  her  at 
distance,  not  letting  her  lash  out  in  unclean  satires  nor  in 


292  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

dull  sonnets ;  she  must  not  by  any  means  be  vendible, 
except  in  heroic  poems,  in  lamentable  tragedies,  or  pleasant 
and  artificial  comedies  ;  she  must  not  be  meddled  with  by 
jesters,  nor  by  the  ignorant  vulgar,  uncapable  of  knowing 
or  esteeming  the  treasures  that  are  locked  up  in  her.  And 
think  not,  sir,  that  I  call  here  only  the  common  people 
vulgar,  for  whosoever  is  ignorant,  be  he  potentate  or  prince, 
he  may  and  must  enter  into  the  number  of  the  vulgar ;  so 
that  he  who  shall  handle  and  esteem  of  poetry  with  these 
requisites  I  have  declared,  he  shall  be  famous,  and  his  name 
shall  be  extolled  in  all  the  politic  nations  of  the  world.  And 
whereas,  sir,  you  say  your  son  neglects  modern  poesy,  I 
persuade  myself  he  doth  not  well  in  it ;  and  the  reason  is 
this :  great  Homer  never  wrote  in  Latin,  because  he  was  a 
Grecian ;  nor  Virgil  in  Greek,  because  he  was  a  Latin  ; 
indeed,  all  your  ancient  poets  wrote  in  the  tongue  which 
they  learnt  from  their  cradle,  and  sought  not  after  strange 
languages  to  declare  their  lofty  conceits.  Which  being  so, 
it  were  reason  this  custom  should  extend  itself  through  all 
nations,  and  that  your  German  poet  should  not  be  under- 
valued because  he  writes  in  his  language,  nor  the  Castilian 
or  Biscayner  because  they  write  in  theirs.  But  your  son, 
as  I  suppose,  doth  not  mislike  modern  poesy,  but  poets  that 
are  merely  modern,  without  knowledge  of  other  tongues 
or  sciences  that  may  adorn,  rouse  up,  and  strengthen  their 
natural  impulse  ;  and  yet  in  this  there  may  be  an  error.  For 
it  is  a  true  opinion  that  a  poet  is  born  so ;  the  meaning  is, 
a  poet  is  naturally  born  a  poet  from  his  mother's  womb, 
and,  with  that  inclination  that  Heaven  hath  given  him, 
without  further  study  or  art,  he  composeth  things  that 
verify  his  saying  that  said,  "Est  Deus  in  nobis,"  etc.  Let 
me  also  say,  that  the  natural  poet  that  helps  himself  with 
art  shall  be  much  better  and  have  the  advantage  of  that 
poet  that  only  out  of  his  art  strives  to  be  so  :  the  reason  is 
because  art  goes  not  beyond  nature,  but  only  perfects  it ; 
so  that  nature  and  art  mixed  together,  and  art  with  nature, 
make  an  excellent  poet.  Let  this,  then,  be  the  scope  of 
my  discourse,  sir :  let  your  son  proceed  whither  his  star 
calls  him ;  for,  if  he  be  so  good  a  student  as  he  ought  to 


Chap.  XVI  ON   POETRY  293 

be,  and  have  happily  mounted  the  first  step  of  the  sciences, 
which  is  the  languages,  with  them,  by  himself,  he  will  ascend 
to  the  top  of  human  learning,  which  appears  as  well  in  a 
gentleman,  and  doth  as  much  adorn,  honour,  and  ennoble 
him,  as  a  mitre  doth  a  bishop,  or  a  loose  cassock  a  civilian. 
Chide  your  son  if  he  writes  satires  that  may  prejudice  honest 
men  ;  punish  him  and  tear  them ;  but  if  he  make  Sermones^ 
like  those  of  Horace,  to  the  reprehension  of  vice  in  general, 
as  he  so  elegantly  did,  then  cherish  him ;  for  it  is  lawful  for 
a  poet  to  write  against  envy,  and  to  inveigh  against  envious 
persons,  in  his  verse,  and  so  against  other  vices,  if  so  be  he 
aim  at  no  particular  person  ;  but  you  have  poets  that,  instead 
of  uttering  a  jerk  of  wit,  they  will  venture  a  being  banished 
to  the  islands  of  Pontus.  If  a  poet  live  honestly,  he  will  be 
so  in  his  verses  ;  the  pen  is  the  mind's  tongue  ;  as  the  con- 
ceits are  which  be  engendered  in  it,  such  will  the  writings 
be  ;  and,  when  kings  and  princes  see  the  miraculous 
science  of  poesy  in  wise,  virtuous,  and  grave  subjects,  they 
honour,  esteem,  and  enrich  them,  and  even  crown  them 
with  the  leaves  of  that  tree  which  the  thunderbolt  offends 
not,^  in  token  that  none  shall  offend  them  that  have  their 
temples  honoured  and  adorned  with  such  crowns.* 

The  gentleman  admired  Don  Quixote's  discourse,  and 
so  much  that  now  he  forsook  his  opinion  he  had  of  him, 
that  he  was  a  coxcomb.  But  in  the  midst  of  this  discourse 
Sancho,  that  was  weary  of  it,  went  out  of  the  way  to  beg  a 
little  milk  of  some  shepherds  not  far  off,  curing  of  their 
sheep  ;  so  the  gentleman  still  maintained  talk  with  Don 
Quixote,  being  wonderfully  taken  and  satisfied  with  his 
wise  discourse.  But  Don  Quixote,  lifting  up  suddenly  his 
eyes,  saw  that  in  the  way  toward  them  there  came  a  cart 
full  of  the  king's  colours,  and,  taking  it  to  be  some  rare 
adventure,  he  called  to  Sancho  for  his  helmet.  Sancho, 
hearing  himself  called  on,  left  the  shepherds  and  spurred 
Dapple  apace,  and  came  to  his  master,  to  whom  a  rash  and 
stupendious  adventure  happened. 

^  The  laurel. 


294  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 


CHAPTER  XVII 

Where  is  showed  the  hast  and  Extremest  Hazard  to  which 
the  Unheard-of  Courage  of  Don  ^ixote  did  or  could 
arrive^  with  the  Prosperous  Accomplishment  of  the  Ad- 
venture of  the  Lions 

The  history  says  that  when  Don  Quixote  called  to  Sancho 
to  bring  him  his  helmet  he  was  buying  curds  which  the 
shepherds  sold  him,  and,  being  hastily  laid  at  by  his  master, 
he  knew  not  what  to  do  with  them,  or  how  to  bestow  them 
without  losing  them,  for  he  had  paid  for  them  ;  so  he 
bethought  himself,  and  clapped  them  into  his  master's 
helmet ;  and,  this  good  order  taken,  he  went  to  see  what 
he  would  have,  who,  when  he  came,  said,  '  Give  me,  friend, 
that  same  helmet ;  for  either  I  know  not  what  belongs  to 
adventures,  or  that  I  see  yonder  is  one  that  will  force  me 
to  take  arms/  He  of  the  green  coat,  that  heard  this, 
turned  his  eyes  every  way,  and  saw  nothing  but  a  cart  that 
came  toward  them  with  two  or  three  small  flags,  which 
made  him  think  that  the  said  cart  carried  the  king's 
money,  and  so  he  told  Don  Quixote  ;  but  he  believed  him 
not,  always  thinking  that  everything  he  saw  was  adventure 
upon  adventure  ;  so  he  answered  the  gentleman,  'He  that 
is  warned  is  half  armed  ;  there  is  nothing  lost  in  being 
provided  ;  for  I  know  by  experience  that  I  have  enemies 
visible  and  invisible,  and  I  know  not  when,  nor  where,  nor 
at  what  time,  or  in  what  shape  they  will  set  upon  me/ 
And,  turning  to  Sancho,  he  demanded  his  helmet,  who, 
wanting  leisure  to  take  the  curds  out,  was  forced  to  give 
it  him  as  it  was.  Don  Quixote  took  it,  and,  not  perceiv- 
ing what  was  in  it,  clapped  it  suddenly  upon  his  head  ; 
and,  as  the  curds  were  squeezed  and  thrust  together,  the 
whey  began  to  run  down  Don  Quixote's  face  and  beard, 
at  which  he  was  in  such  a  fright  that  he  cried  out  to 
Sancho,  '  What  ails  me,  Sancho  ?  for  methinks  my  skull  is 
softened,  or  my  brains  melt,  or  that  I  sweat  from  top  to 


Chap.  XVII  THE   CURDS  295 

toe ;  and,  if  it  be  sweat,  I  assure  thee  it  is  not  for  fear.  I 
believe  certainly  that  I  am  like  to  have  a  terrible  adven- 
ture of  this ;  give  me  something,  if  thou  hast  it,  to  wipe 
on,  for  this  abundance  of  sweat  blinds  me.'  Sancho  was 
silent,  and  gave  him  a  cloth,  and  with  it  thanks  to  God 
that  his  master  fell  not  into  the  business.  Don  Quixote 
wiped  himself,  and  took  off  his  helmet  to  see  what  it  was 
that,  as  he  thought,  did  benumb  his  head,  and,  seeing 
those  white  splashes  in  his  helmet,  he  put  them  to  his 
nose,  and,  smelling  to  them,  said,  '  By  my  mistress 
Dulcinea  del  Toboso's  life,  they  are  curds  that  thou 
hast  brought  me  here,  thou  base  traitor  and  unmannerly 
squire.'  To  which  Sancho  very  cunningly,  and  with  a 
great  deal  of  pause,  answered :  *  If  they  be  curds,  give 
them  me,  pray,  and  TU  eat  'em.  But  let  the  devil  eat  'em, 
for  he  put  'em  there !  Should  I  be  so  bold  as  to  foul 
your  worship's  helmet  ?  And  there  you  have  found,  as 
I  told  you,  who  did  it !  In  faith,  sir,  as  sure  as  God 
lives,  I  have  my  enchanters  too  that  persecute  me  as  a 
creature  and  part  of  you,  and  I  warrant  have  put  that 
filth  there  to  stir  you  up  to  choler,  and  to  make  you 
bang  my  sides,  as  you  use  to  do.  Well,  I  hope  this  time 
they  have  lost  their  labour ;  for  I  trust  in  my  master's 
discretion,  that  he  will  consider  that  I  have  neither  curds 
nor  milk,  nor  any  such  thing ;  for,  if  I  had,  I  had  rather 
put  it  in  my  stomach  than  in  the  helmet.'  '  All  this  may 
be,'  said  Don  Quixote. 

The  gentleman  observed  all,  and  wondered,  especially 
when  Don  Quixote,  after  he  had  wiped  his  head,  face, 
beard,  and  helmet,  clapped  it  on  again,  settling  himself 
well  in  his  stirrups,  searching  for  his  sword  and  grasping 
his  lance,  he  cried  out,  *  Now  come  on't  what  will,  for 
here  I  am  with  a  courage  to  meet  Satan  himself  in 
person.' 

By  this  the  cart  with  the  flags  drew  near,  in  which 
there  came  no  man  but  the  carter  with  his  mules,  and 
another  upon  the  foremost  of  them.  Don  Quixote  put 
himself  forward,  and  asked,  '  Whither  go  ye,  my  masters  ? 
what  cart  is  this  ?  what  do  you  carry  in  it  ?   and  what 


296  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

colours  be  these  ? '  To  which  the  carter  answered,  '  The 
cart  is  mine,  the  carriage  is  two  fierce  lions  caged  up, 
which  the  General  of  Gran  sends  to  the  King  at  court 
for  a  present :  these  colours  be  his  Majesty's,  in  sign 
that  what  goes  here  is  his.'  'And  are  the  lions  big?' 
said  Don  Quixote.  '  So  big,'  said  he  that  went  toward 
the  cart  door,  '  that  there  never  came  bigger  out  of 
Africa  into  Spain ;  and  I  am  their  keeper,  and  have 
carried  others,  but  never  any  so  big.  They  are  male 
and  female ;  the  male  is  in  this  first  grate,  the  female  in 
the  hindermost,  and  now  they  are  hungry,  for  they  have 
not  eat  to-day ;  and  therefore  I  pray,  sir,  give  us  way, 
for  we  had  need  come  quickly  where  we  may  meat  them.' 
To  which  quoth  Don  Quixote,  smiling  a  little,  '  Your  lion 
whelps  to  me }  to  me  your  lion  whelps  ?  and  at  this  time 
of  day  ?  Well,  I  vow  to  God,  your  General  that  sends 
'em  this  way  shall  know  whether  I  be  one  that  am  afraid 
of  lions.  Alight,  honest  fellow,  and,  if  you  be  the  keeper, 
open  their  cages,  and  let  me  your  beasts  forth  ;  for  I'll 
make  'em  know,  in  the  midst  of  this  champian,  who  Don 
Quixote  is,  in  spite  of  those  enchanters  that  sent  'em.' 
*  Fie  !  fie  ! '  said  the  gentleman  at  this  instant  to  himself, 
'  our  knight  shows  very  well  what  he  is  ;  the  curds  have 
softened  his  skull  and  ripened  his  brains.' 

By  this  Sancho  came  to  him  and  said,  '  For  God's  love 
handle  the  matter  so,  sir,  that  my  master  meddle  not 
with  these  lions,  for  if  he  do  they'll  worry  us  all.'  '  Why, 
is  your  master  so  mad,'  quoth  the  gentleman,  'that  you 
fear  or  believe  he  will  fight  with  wild  beasts  ? '  '  He  is 
not  mad,'  said  Sancho,  '  but  hardy.'  '  I'll  make  him 
otherwise,'  said  the  gentleman  ;  and  coming  to  Don 
Quixote,  that  was  hastening  the  keeper  to  open  the  cages, 
said,  '  Sir  knight,  knights-errant  ought  to  undertake 
adventures  that  may  give  a  likelihood  of  ending  them 
well,  and  not  such  as  are  altogether  desperate ;  for  valour 
grounded  upon  rashness  hath  more  madness  than  fortitude. 
How  much  more,  these  lions  come  not  to  assail  you  ; 
they  are  carried  to  be  presented  to  his  Majesty,  and 
therefore  'twere  not  good  to  stay  or  hinder  their  journey.' 


Chap.  XVII  THE   LIONS  297 

'  Pray  get  you  gone,  gentle  sir/  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  and 
deal  with  your  tame  partridge  and  your  murdering  ferret, 
and  leave  every  man  to  his  function  ;  this  is  mine,  and 
I  am  sufficient  to  know  whether  these  lions  come  against 
me  or  no/       So,  turning  to  the  keeper,  he  cried :   *  By 

this !  goodman  slave,^  if  you  do  not  forthwith  open 

the  cage,  I'll  nail  you  with  my  lance  to  your  cart.' 

The  carter,  that  perceived  the  resolution  of  that  armed 
vision,  told  him,  '  Signior  mine,  will  you  be  pleased  in 
charity  to  let  me  unyoke  my  mules,  and  to  put  myself 
and  them  in  safety,  before  I  unsheath  my  lions  ?  for  if 
they  should  kill  them  I  am  undone  all  days  of  my  life, 
for  I  have  no  other  living  but  this  cart  and  my  mules.' 
'  O  thou  wretch  of  little  faith  !  '  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  light,  and  unyoke,  and  do  what  thou  wilt,  for  thou 
shalt  see  thou  mightest  have  saved  a  labour.' 

The  carter  alighted,  and  unyoked  hastily,  and  the 
keeper  cried  out  aloud,  '  Bear  witness,  my  masters  all, 
that  I  am  forced  against  my  will  to  open  the  cages  and 
to  let  loose  the  lions,  and  that  I  protest  to  this  gentleman 
that  all  the  harm  and  mischief  that  these  beasts  shall  do 
light  upon  him  ;  besides  that  he  pay  me  my  wages  and 
due.  Shift  you,  sirs,  for  yourselves,  before  I  open,  for  I 
am  sure  they'll  do  me  no  hurt.' 

The  gentleman  persuaded  him  the  second  time  that  he 
should  not  attempt  such  a  piece  of  madness,  for  such  a 
folly  was  to  tempt  God.  To  which  Don  Quixote  answered 
that  he  knew  what  he  did.  The  gentleman  replied  that 
he  should  consider  well  of  it,  for  he  knew  he  was  deceived. 
'  Well,  sir,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  if  you  will  not  be  a 
spectator  of  this  which  you  think  tragedy,  pray  spur 
your  flea-bitten,  and  put  yourself  in  safety.'  Which  when 
Sancho  heard,  with  tears  in  his  eyes,  he  beseeched  him  to 
desist  from  that  enterprise,  in  comparison  of  which  that  of 
the  windmills  was  cakebread,  and  that  fearful  one  also  of 
the  fulling-mill,  or  all  the  exploits  that  ever  he  had  done 
in  his  life.  '  Look  ye,  sir,'  said  Sancho,  '  here's  no 
enchantment,    nor   any  such    thing ;    for   I   have  looked 

^  *  Foto  a  tal.^     When  he  would  seem  to  swear,  but  swears  by  nothing. 


298  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

thorough  the  grates  and  chinks  of  the  cages,  and  have  seen 
a  claw  of  a  true  lion,  by  which  claw  I  guess  the  lion  is  as 
big  as  a  mountain.' 

'  Thy  fear,  at  least,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  will  make 
him  as  big  as  half  the  world.  Get  thee  out  of  the  way, 
Sancho,  and  leave  me  ;  and  if  I  die  in  the  place  thou 
knowest  our  agreement :  repair  to  Dulcinea,  and  that's 
enough.'  To  these  he  added  other  reasons,  by  which  he 
cut  off  all  hope  of  his  leaving  the  prosecution  of  that 
foolish  enterprise. 

He  of  the  green  coat  would  have  hindered  him,  but  he 
found  himself  unequally  matched  in  weapons,  and  thought 
it  no  wisdom  to  deal  with  a  madman,  for  now  Don  Quixote 
appeared  no  otherwise  to  him,  who,  hastening  the  keeper 
afresh  and  reiterating  his  threats,  made  the  gentleman  set 
spurs  to  his  mare,  and  Sancho  to  his  Dapple,  and  the 
carter  to  his  mules,  each  of  them  striving  to  get  as  far 
from  the  cart  as  they  could,  before  the  lions  should  be 
unhampered.  Sancho  bewailed  his  master's  loss,  for  he 
believed  certainly  that  the  lion  would  catch  him  in  his 
paws  ;  he  cursed  his  fortune,  and  the  time  that  ever  he 
came  again  to  his  master's  service  ;  but,  for  all  his  wailing 
and  lamenting,  he  left  not  punching  of  Dapple,  to  make 
him  get  far  enough  from  the  cart.  The  keeper,  when  he 
saw  those  that  fled  far  enough  o£F,  began  anew  to  require 
and  intimate  to  Don  Quixote  what  he  had  formerly  done, 
who  answered  that  he  heard  him,  and  that  he  should  leave 
his  intimations,  for  all  was  needless,  and  that  he  should 
make  haste. 

Whilst  the  keeper  was  opening  the  first  cage,  Don 
Quixote  began  to  consider  whether  it  were  best  to  fight 
on  foot  or  on  horseback  ;  and  at  last  he  determined  it 
should  be  on  foot,  fearing  that  Rozinante  would  be  afraid 
to  look  upon  the  lions  ;  and  thereupon  he  leaped  from 
his  horse,  cast  by  his  lance,  buckled  his  shield  to  him,  and 
unsheathed  his  sword  :  fair  and  softly,  with  a  marvellous 
courage  and  valiant  heart,  he  marched  toward  the  cart, 
recommending  himself  first  to  God  and  then  to  his  lady 
Dulcinea. 


Chap.  XVII  THE   LIONS  299 

And  here  it  is  to  be  noted  that,  when  the  author  of  the 
true  history  came  to  this  passage,  he  exclaims  and  cries  : 
'  O  strong  and  beyond  all  comparison  courageous  Don 
Quixote !  Thou  looking-glass  in  which  all  the  valiant 
knights  of  the  world  may  behold  themselves !  Thou  new 
and  second  Don  Manuel  de  Leon,  who  was  the  honour 
and  glory  of  the  Spanish  knights !  With  what  words  shall 
I  recount  this  fearful  exploit,  or  with  what  arguments  shall 
I  make  it  credible  to  ensuing  times  ?  Or  what  praises 
shall  not  fit  and  square  with  thee,  though  they  may  seem 
hyperboles  above  all  hyperboles  ?  Thou  on  foot,  alone, 
undaunted,  and  magnanimous,  with  thy  sword  only — and 
that  none  of  your  cutting  fox-blades — with  a  shield,  not  of 
bright  and  shining  steel,  expectest  and  attendest  two  of 
the  fiercest  lions  that  ever  were  bred  in  African  woods. 
Let  thine  own  deeds  extol  thee,  brave  Manchegan  ;  for  I 
must  leave  'em  here  abruptly,  since  I  want  words  to  endear 
them.' 

Here  the  author's  exclamation  ceased,  and  the  thread  of 
the  story  went  knitting  itself  on,  saying  : — The  keeper 
seeing  Don  Quixote  in  his  posture,  and  that  he  must  needs 
let  loose  the  male  lion,  on  pain  of  the  bold  knight's  indig- 
nation, he  set  the  first  cage  wide  open,  where  the  lion,  as 
is  said,  was  of  an  extraordinary  bigness,  fearful  and  ugly  to 
see  to.  The  first  thing  he  did  was  to  tumble  up  and 
down  the  cage,  stretch  one  paw,  and  rouse  himself ;  forth- 
with he  yawned  and  gently  sneezed  ;  then  with  his  tongue, 
some  two  handfuls  long,  he  licked  the  dust  out  of  his 
eyes,  and  washed  his  face,  which  done  he  thrust  his  head 
out  of  the  cage  and  looked  round  about  him,  with  his 
eyes  like  fire-coals,  a  sight  and  gesture  able  to  make 
temerity  itself  afraid.  Only  Don  Quixote  beheld  him 
earnestly,  and  wished  he  would  leap  out  of  the  cart,  that 
they  might  grapple,  for  he  thought  to  slice  him  in  pieces. 
Hitherto  came  the  extreme  of  his  not-heard-of  madness. 
But  the  generous  lion,  more  courteous  than  arrogant, 
neglecting  such  childishness  and  bravadoes,  after  he  had 
looked  round  about  him,  as  is  said,  turned  his  back,  and 
showed  his   tail  to  Don  Quixote,   and  very  quietly   lay 


300  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

down  again  in  the  cage.  Which  Don  Quixote  seeing,  he 
commanded  the  keeper  to  give  him  two  or  three  blows  to 
make  him  come  forth.  '  No,  not  I,'  quoth  the  keeper, 
'  for  if  I  urge  him  I  shall  be  the  first  he  will  tear  in  pieces. 
I  pray  you,  sir  knight,  be  contented  with  your  day's  work, 
which  is  as  much  as  could  in  valour  be  done,  and  tempt 
not  a  second  hazard.  The  lion's  door  was  open ;  he  might 
have  come  out  if  he  would ;  but,  since  he  hath  not  hitherto, 
he  will  not  come  forth  all  this  day.  You  have  well  showed 
the  stoutness  of  your  courage ;  no  brave  combatant,  in  my 
opinion,  is  tied  to  more  than  to  defy  his  enemy  and  to  expect 
him  in  field ;  and,  if  his  contrary  come  not,  the  disgrace 
is  his,  and  he  that  expected  remains  with  the  prize.' 

'  True  it  is,'  answered  Don  Quixote.  *  Friend,  shut  the 
door,  and  give  me  a  certificate,  in  the  best  form  that  you 
can,  of  what  you  have  seen  me  do  here :  to  wit,  that  you 
opened  to  the  lion,  that  I  expected  him,  and  he  came  not 
out ;  that  I  expected  him  again,  yet  all  would  not  do,  but 
he  lay  down.  I  could  do  no  more.  Enchantments 
avaunt !  God  maintain  right  and  truth,  and  true  chivalry ! 
Shut,  as  I  bade  you,  whilst  I  make  signs  to  them  that  are 
fled  that  they  may  know  this  exploit  from  thy  relation.' 

The  keeper  obeyed,  and  Don  Quixote  putting  his  hand- 
kerchief on  the  point  of  his  lance,  with  which  he  had  wiped 
the  curd-shower  from  off  his  face,  he  began  to  call  those 
that  fled,  and  never  so  much  as  looked  behind  them,  all  in 
a  troop,  and  the  gentleman  the  fore-man ;  but  Sancho, 
seeing  the  white  cloth,  said,  '  Hang  me  if  my  master  have 
not  vanquished  the  wild  beasts,  since  he  calls  us.'  All  of 
them  made  a  stand,  and  knew  it  was  Don  Quixote  that 
made  the  sign ;  so,  lessening  their  fear,  by  little  and  little 
they  drew  near  him,  till  they  could  plainly  hear  that  he 
called  them.  At  length  they  returned  to  the  cart;  and 
Don  Quixote  said  to  the  carter,  '  Yoke  your  mules  again, 
brother,  and  get  you  on  your  way  :  and,  Sancho,  give  him 
two  pistolets  in  gold,  for  him  and  the  lion-keeper,  in 
recompense  of  their  stay.'  *  With  a  very  good  will,'  said 
Sancho.  '  But  what's  become  of  the  lions  ?  are  they  alive 
or  dead  ? '     Then  the  keeper  fair  and  softly  began  to  tell 


Chap.  XVII         KNIGHT   OF  THE   LIONS  301 

them  of  the  bickering,  extolling  as  well  as  he  could  Don 
Quixote's  valour,  at  whose  sight  the  lion,  trembling,  would 
not  or  durst  not  sally  from  the  cage,  although  the 
door  were  open  a  pretty  while ;  and  that  because  he  had 
told  the  knight  that  to  provoke  the  lion  was  to  tempt  God, 
by  making  him  come  out  by  force — as  he  would  that  he 
should  be  provoked  in  spite  of  his  teeth,  and  against  his 
will — he  suffered  the  door  to  be  shut.  *What  think  you 
of  this,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Can  enchantment 
now  prevail  against  true  valour  ?  Well  may  enchanters 
make  me  unfortunate ;  but  'tis  impossible  they  should 
bereave  me  of  my  valour.' 

Sancho  bestowed  the  pistolets,  and  the  carter  yoked ; 
the  keeper  took  leave  of  Don  Quixote,  and  thanked  him 
for  his  kindness,  and  promised  him  to  relate  his  valorous 
exploit  to  the  King  himself,  when  he  came  to  court. 
'  Well,  if  his  Majesty  chance  to  ask  who  it  was  that  did  it, 
tell  him  *'  the  Knight  of  the  Lions";  for  henceforward  I  will 
that  my  name  be  trucked,  exchanged,  turned,  and  changed 
now  from  that  I  had  of  the  Knight  of  the  Sorrowful 
Countenance ;  and  in  this  I  follow  the  ancient  use  of 
knights-errant,  that  would  change  their  names  when  they 
pleased,  or  thought  it  convenient.' 

The  cart  went  on  its  way,  and  Don  Quixote,  Sancho, 
and  he  in  the  green  held  on  theirs.  In  all  this  while  Don 
Diego  de  Miranda  spoke  not  a  word,  being  busied  in 
noting  Don  Quixote's  speeches  and  actions,  taking  him  to 
be  a  wise  madman,  or  a  mad  man  that  came  somewhat 
near  a  wise  man.  He  knew  nothing  as  yet  of  the  first 
part  of  his  history  ;  for,  if  he  had  read  that,  he  would  have 
left  admiring  his  words  and  deeds,  since  he  might  have 
known  the  nature  of  his  madness  ;  but,  for  he  knew  it  not, 
he  held  him  to  be  wise  and  mad  by  fits ;  for  what  he  spoke 
was  consonant,  elegant,  and  well  delivered,  but  his  actions 
were  foolish,  rash,  and  unadvised.  '  And,'  thought  he  to 
himself,  '  what  greater  madness  could  there  be  than  to 
clap  on  a  helmet  full  of  curds,  and  to  make  us  believe  that 
enchanters  had  softened  his  skull  ?  or  what  greater  rash- 
ness or  foppery  than  forcibly  to  venture  upon  lions  ? ' 


302  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

Don  Quixote  drew  him  from  these  imaginations,  saying, 
'  Who  doubts,  Signior  Don  Diego  de  Miranda,  but  that 
you  will  hold  me  in  your  opinion  for  an  idle  fellow,  or  a 
madman  ?  And  no  marvel  that  I  be  held  so,  for  my 
actions  testify  no  less  ;  for  all  that,  I  would  have  you  know 
that  I  am  not  so  mad  or  so  shallow  as  I  seem.  It  is  a 
brave  sight  to  see  a  goodly  knight  in  the  midst  of  the 
market-place,  before  his  prince,  to  give  a  thrust  with  his 
lance  to  a  fierce  bull ;  ^  and  it  is  a  brave  sight  to  see  a 
knight  armed  in  shining  armour  pass  about  the  tilt-yard  at 
the  cheerful  jousts  before  the  ladies  ;  and  all  those  knights 
are  a  brave  sight  that  in  military  exercises,  or  such  as  may 
seem  so,  do  entertain,  revive,  and  honour  their  princes' 
courts ;  but,  above  all  these,  a  knight-errant  is  a  better 
sight,  that  by  deserts  and  wildernesses,  by  crossways  and 
woods  and  mountains,  searcheth  after  dangerous  adven- 
tures, with  a  purpose  to  end  them  happily  and  fortunately, 
only  to  obtain  glorious  and  lasting  fame.  A  knight- 
errant,  I  say,  is  a  better  sight,  succouring  a  widow  in  some 
desert,  than  a  court  knight  courting  some  damosel  in  the 
city.  All  knights  have  their  particular  exercises.  Let 
the  courtier  serve  ladies,  authorise  his  prince's  court  with 
liveries,  sustain  poor  gentlemen  at  his  table,  appoint  jousts, 
maintain  tourneys,  show  himself  noble,  liberal,  and  mag- 
nificent, and,  above  all,  religious ;  and  in  these  he  shall 
accomplish  with  his  obligation.  But,  for  the  knight- 
errant,  let  him  search  the  corners  of  the  world,  enter  the 
most  intricate  labyrinths,  every  foot  undertake  impossi- 
bilities, and  in  the  deserts  and  wilderness  let  him  resist  the 
sunbeams  in  the  midst  of  summer,  and  the  sharp  rigour  of 
the  winds  and  frosts  in  winter ;  let  not  lions  fright  him, 
nor  spirits  terrify  him,  nor  hobgoblins  make  him  quake ; 
for  to  seek  these,  to  set  upon  them,  and  to  overcome  all, 
are  his  prime  exercises.  And  since  it  fell  to  my  lot  to  be 
one  of  the  number  of  these  knights-errant,  I  cannot  but 
undergo  all  that  I  think  comes  under  the  jurisdiction  of 
my  profession.     So  that  the  encountering  those  lions  did 

^  In  Spain    they  use  with    horsemen   and    footmen    to    course   their 
bulls  to  death  in  the  market-places. 


Chap.  XVIII  DON   DIEGO'S   HOUSE  303 

directly  belong  to  me,  though  I  knew  it  to  be  an  exorbi- 
tant rashness ;  for  well  I  know  that  valour  is  a  virtue 
betwixt  two  vicious  extremes,  as  cowardice  and  rashness ; 
but  it  is  less  dangerous  for  him  that  is  valiant  to  rise  to  a 
point  of  rashness  than  to  fall  or  touch  upon  the  coward. 
For,  as  it  is  more  easy  for  a  prodigal  man  to  be  liberal 
than  a  covetous,  so  it  is  easier  for  a  rash  man  to  be 
truly  valiant  than  a  coward  to  come  to  true  valour. 
And,  touching  the  onset  in  adventures,  believe  me,  Signior 
Don  Diego,  it  is  better  playing  a  good  trump  than  a  small; 
for  it  sounds  better  in  the  hearer's  ears,  ''  Such  a  knight  is 
rash  and  hardy,"  than  '*  Such  a  knight  is  fearful  and 
cowardly." '  *  I  say,  signior,'  answered  Don  Diego,  '  that 
all  that  you  have  said  and  done  is  levelled  out  by  the  line 
of  reason,  and  I  think,  if  the  statutes  and  ordinances  of 
knight-errantry  were  lost,  they  might  be  found  again  in 
your  breast,  as  in  their  own  storehouse  and  register.  And 
so  let  us  haste,  for  the  day  grows  on  us  ;  let  us  get  to  my 
village  and  house,  where  you  shall  ease  yourself  of  your 
former  labour,  which,  though  it  have  not  been  bodily,  yet 
it  is  mental,  which  doth  often  redound  to  the  body's 
weariness.'  '  I  thank  you  for  your  kind  offer,  signior,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  and,  spurring  on  faster,  about  two 
of  the  clock  they  came  to  the  village  and  Don  Diego's 
house,  whom  Don  Quixote  styled  the  Knight  of  the 
Green  Cassock. 


CHAPTER  XVIII 

What  happened  to  Don  ^ixote  in  the  Castle^  or  Knight  of 
the  Green  Cassock  his  House^  with  other  Extravagant 
Matters 

Don  Quixote  perceived  that  Don  Diego  de  Miranda's 
house  was  spacious,  after  the  country  manner ;  and  his 
arms,  though  of  coarse  stone,  upon  the  door  towards  the 
street ;  his  wine-cellar  in  the  court,  his  other  cellar  or  vault 


304  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

in  the  entry,  with  many  great  stone  vessels  round  about 
that  were  of  Toboso,  which  renewed  the  remembrance  of 
his  enchanted  and  transformed  Mistress  Dulcinea ;  so 
sighing,  and  not  minding  who  was  by,  said  : 

^O  happy  pledges,  found  out  to  my  loss^ 
Sweet  and  reviving,  when  the  time  was,  once  !  ^ 

O  you  Tobosian  tuns,  that  bring  to  my  remembrance  the 
sweet  pledge  of  my  greatest  bitterness  ! ' 

The  scholar  poet,  son  to  Don  Diego,  that  came  out 
with  his  mother  to  welcome  him,  heard  him  pronounce 
this,  and  the  mother  and  son  were  in  some  suspense  at 
the  strange  shape  of  Don  Quixote,  who,  alighting  from 
Rozinante,  very  courteously  desired  to  kiss  her  hands ; 
and  Don  Diego  said,  '  I  pray,  wife,  give  your  wonted 
welcome  to  this  gentleman,  Signior  Don  Quixote  de  la 
Mancha,  a  knight-errant,  and  the  valiantest  and  wisest 
in  the  world/  The  gentlewoman,  called  Donna  Christina, 
welcomed  him  very  affectionately  and  with  much  courtesy, 
which  Don  Quixote  retorted  with  many  wise  and  mannerly 
compliments,  and  did,  as  it  were,  use  the  same  over  again 
to  the  scholar,  who,  hearing  Don  Quixote  speak,  took  him 
to  be  wondrous  wise  and  witty. 

Here  the  author  paints  out  unto  us  all  the  circumstances 
of  Don  Diego  his  house,  deciphering  to  us  all  that  a  gentle- 
man and  a  rich  farmer's  house  may  have  ;  but  it  seemed 
good  to  the  translator  to  pass  over  these  and  such-like 
trifles,  because  they  suited  not  with  the  principal  scope  of 
this  history,  the  which  is  more  grounded  upon  truth  than 
upon  bare  digressions. 

Don  Quixote  was  led  into  a  hall ;  Sancho  unarmed  him, 
so  that  now  he  had  nothing  on  but  his  breeches  and  a 
chamois  doublet,  all  smudged  with  the  filth  of  his  armour  ; 
about  his  neck  he  wore  a  little  scholastical  band,  unstarched 
and  without  lace  ;  his  buskins  were  date-coloured,  and  his 
shoes  close  on  each  side  ;  his  good  sword  he  girt  to  him, 
that  hung  at  a  belt  of  seawolves'  skins,  for  it  was  thought 

^  O  dukes  prendas.  A  beginning  of  a  sonnet  in  ^  Diana  de  Montemayor,' 
which  Don  Quixote  here  raps  out  upon  a  sudden. 


Chap.  XVIII  DON   LORENZO  305 

he  had  the  running  of  the  reins  many  years  ;  he  wore  also 
a  long  cloak  of  good  russet  cloth  ;  but  first  of  all,  in  five 
or  six  kettles  of  water — for  touching  the  quantity  there  is 
some  difference — he  washed  his  head  and  his  face  ;  and 
for  all  that  the  water  was  turned  whey-colour — God-a- 
mercy  on  Sancho's  gluttony,  and  the  buying  those  dismal 
black  curds  that  made  his  master  so  white.  With  the 
aforesaid  bravery,  and  with  a  sprightly  air  and  gallantry, 
Don  Quixote  marched  into  another  room,  where  the 
scholar  stayed  for  him  to  entertain  him  till  the  cloth  was 
laid  ;  for  the  mistress  of  the  house.  Donna  Christina, 
meant  to  show  to  her  honourable  guest  that  she  knew  how 
to  make  much  of  them  that  came  to  her  house. 

Whilst  Don  Quixote  was  disarming  himself,  Don 
Lorenzo  had  leisure — for  that  was  Don  Diego's  son's 
name — to  ask  his  father,  '  What  do  you  call  this  gentle- 
man, sir,  that  you  have  brought  with  you  ;  for  his  name, 
his  shape,  and  your  calling  him  knight-errant  makes  my 
mother  and  me  wonder  ? '  '  Faith,  son,'  quoth  Don 
Diego,  *  I  know  not  what  I  should  say  to  thee  of  him  ; 
only  I  may  tell  thee  I  have  seen  him  play  the  maddest 
pranks  of  any  madman  in  the  world,  and  speak  again 
speeches  so  wise  as  blot  out  and  undo  his  deeds.  Do  thou 
speak  to  him,  and  feel  the  pulse  of  his  understanding,  and, 
since  thou  art  discreet,  judge  of  his  discretion  or  folly  as 
thou  seest  best,  though,  to  deal  plainly  with  thee,  I  rather 
hold  him  to  be  mad  than  wise.' 

Hereupon  Don  Lorenzo,  as  is  said,  went  to  entertain 
Don  Quixote  ;  and,  amongst  other  discourse  that  passed 
betwixt  them,  Don  Quixote  said  to  Don  Lorenzo  : 
'  Signior  Don  Diego  de  Miranda,  your  father,  hath  told 
me  of  your  rare  abilities  and  subtle  wit,  and  chiefly  that 
you  are  an  excellent  poet.'  '  A  poet,  perhaps,'  replied 
Don  Lorenzo  ;  '  but  excellent,  by  no  means  ;  true  it  is 
that  I  am  somewhat  affectionated  to  poesy,  and  to  read 
good  poets,  but  not  so  that  I  may  deserve  the  name  of 
excellent  that  my  father  styles  me  with.'  I  do  not  dislike 
your  modesty,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  you  have  seldom- 
times  any  poet  that  is  not  arrogant,  and  thinks  himself  to 

II.  u 


3o6  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

be  the  best  poet  in  the  world.'  '  There  is  no  rule/  quoth 
Don  Lorenzo,  '  without  an  exception  ;  and  some  one 
there  is  that  is  so,  yet  thinks  not  so/  *  Few,'  said 
Don  Quixote.  '  But  tell  me,  sir,  what  verses  be  those 
that  you  have  now  in  hand,  that  your  father  says  do 
trouble  and  puzzle  you  ?  and,  if  it  be  some  kind  of 
gloss,  I  know  what  belongs  to  glossing,  and  should  be 
glad  to  hear  them  ;  and,  if  they  be  of  your  verses  for  the 
prize,  content  yourself  with  the  second  reward;^  for  the 
first  goes  always  by  favour,  or  according  to  the  quality  of 
the  person  ;  and  the  second  is  justly  distributed  ;  so  that  the 
third  comes,  according  to  this  account,  to  be  the  second, 
and  the  first  the  third,  according  to  degrees  that  are  given 
in  universities  :  but  for  all  that  the  word  ''  first "  is  a  great 
matter.'  *  Hitherto,'  thought  Don  Lorenzo  to  himself, 
'  I  cannot  think  thee  mad  ;  proceed  we.'  And  he  said, 
'  It  seems,  sir,  you  have  frequented  the  schools  ;  what 
sciences  have  you  heard  ? '  '  That  of  knight-errantry,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  *  which  is  as  good  as  your  poetry, 
and  somewhat  better.'  '  I  know  not  what  science  that 
is,'  quoth  Don  Lorenzo,  '  neither  hath  it  as  yet  come  to 
my  notice.'  '  'Tis  a  science,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  ^  that 
contains  in  it  all  or  most  of  the  sciences  of  the  world,  by 
reason  that  he  who  professes  it  must  be  skilful  in  the  laws, 
to  know  justice  distributive  and  commutative,  to  give 
every  man  his  own  and  what  belongs  to  him  ;  he  must 
be  a  divine,  to  know  how  to  give  a  reason  clearly  and 
distinctly  of  his  Christian  profession,  wheresoever  it  shall 
be  demanded  him  ;  he  must  be  a  physician,  and  chiefly 
an  herbalist,  to  know  in  a  wilderness  or  desert  what  herbs 
have  virtue  to  cure  wounds,  for  your  knight-errant  must 
not  be  looking  every  pissing-while  who  shall  heal  him  ;  he 
must  be  an  astronomer,  to  know  in  the  night  by  the  stars 
what  o'clock  'tis,  and  in  what  part  and  cHmate  of  the  world 
he  is  ;  he  must  be  skilful  in  the  mathematics,  because  every 
foot  he  shall  have  need  of  them  ;  and,  to  let  pass  that  he 
must  be  adorned  with  all  divine  and  moral  virtues,  descend- 

^  *  De  justa  literaria '  :  a  custom  in  universities  in  Spain,  of  rewards  pro- 
posed to  them  that  make  the  best  verses. 


Chap.  XVIII  KNIGHT-ERRANTRY  307 

ing  to  other  trifles,  I  say  he  must  learn  to  swim,  as  they 
say.  Fish  Nicholas,  or  Nicolao,  did  ;  he  must  know  how  to 
shoe  a  horse,  to  mend  a  saddle  or  bridle  ;  and,  coming 
again  to  what  went  before,  he  must  serve  God  and  his 
mistress  inviolably  ;  he  must  be  chaste  in  his  thoughts, 
honest  in  his  words,  liberal  in  his  deeds,  valiant  in  his 
actions,  patient  in  afflictions,  charitable  towards  the  poor, 
and,  lastly,  a  defender  of  truth,  although  it  cost  him  his  life 
for  it.  Of  all  these  great  and  lesser  parts  a  good  knight- 
errant  is  composed,  that  you  may  see,  Signior  Don  Lorenzo, 
whether  it  be  a  snivelling  science  that  the  knight  that  learns 
it  professeth,  and  whether  it  may  not  be  equalled  to  the 
proudest  of  them  all  taught  in  the  schools/  '  If  it  be  so,' 
said  Don  Lorenzo,  '  I  say  this  science  goes  beyond  them 
all.'  '  If  it  be  so  !'  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Why,  let  me 
tell  you,'  said  Don  Lorenzo,  '  I  doubt  whether  there  be 
any  knights-errant  now  adorned  with  so  many  virtues.' 
'  Oft  have  I  spoken,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  that  which  I 
must  now  speak  again,  that  the  greatest  part  of  men  in  the 
world  are  of  opinion  that  there  be  no  knights-errant  ;  and 
I  think,  if  Heaven  do  not  miraculously  let  them  under- 
stand the  truth,  that  there  have  been  such  and  that  at  this 
day  there  be,  all  labour  will  be  in  vain,  as  I  have  often 
found  by  experience.  I  will  not  now  stand  upon  showing 
you  your  error  ;  all  I  will  do  is  to  pray  to  God  to  deliver 
you  out  of  it,  and  to  make  you  understand  how  profitable 
and  necessary  knights-errant  have  been  to  the  world  in 
former  ages,  and  also  would  be  at  present,  if  they  were  in 
request  ;  but  now,  for  our  sins,  sloth,  idleness,  gluttony, 
and  wantonness  do  reign.'  '  I'  faith,'  thought  Don 
Lorenzo,  '  for  this  once  our  guest  hath  scaped  me  ;  but, 
for  all  that,  he  is  a  lively  ass,  and  I  were  a  dull  fool  if  I 
did  not  believe  it.' 

Here  they  ended  their  discourse,  for  they  were  called  to 
dinner.  Don  Diego  asked  his  son  what  trial  he  had  made 
of  their  guest's  understanding,  to  which  he  made  answer, 
'  All  the  physicians  and  scriveners  in  the  world  will  not 
wipe  out  his  madness.  He  is  a  curious  madman,  and  hath 
neat  dilemmas.' 


3o8  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  IT 

To  dinner  they  went,  and  their  meat  was  such  as  Don 
Diego  upon  the  way  described  it,  such  as  he  gave  to  his 
guests,  well-dressed,  savoury,  and  plentiful  ;  but  that 
which  best  pleased  Don  Quixote  was  the  marvellous  silence 
throughout  the  whole  house,  as  if  it  had  been  a  covent  of 
Carthusians  ;  so  that,  lifting  up  his  eyes,  and  grace  being 
said,  and  that  they  had  washed  hands,  he  earnestly  en- 
treated Don  Lorenzo  to  speak  his  prize  verses.  To  which 
quoth  he  :  ^  Because  I  will  not  be  like  your  poets,  that 
when  they  are  over-entreated  they  use  to  make  scruple  of 
their  works,  and  when  they  are  not  entreated  they  vomit 
'em  up,  I  will  speak  my  gloss,  for  which  I  expect  no 
reward,  as  having  written  them  only  to  exercise  my  muse.' 
'A  wise  friend  of  mine,'  said  Don  Quixote,  *was  of  opinion 
that  to  gloss  was  no  hard  task  for  any  man,  the  reason 
being  that  the  gloss  could  ne'er  come  near  the  text,  and 
most  commonly  the  gloss  was  quite  from  the  theme  given ; 
besides  that  the  laws  of  glossing  were  too  strict,  not  admit- 
ting interrogations  of  *'  Said  he  .^  "  or  *'  Shall  I  say  ?''  or 
changing  nouns  into  verbs,  without  other  ligaments  and 
strictnesses  to  which  the  glosser  is  tied,  as  you  know.' 
'  Certainly,  Signior  Don  Quixote,'  said  Don  Lorenzo,  '  I 
desire  to  catch  you  in  an  absurdity,  but  cannot,  for  still 
you  slip  from  me  like  an  eel.'  '  I  know  not,'  said  Don 
Quixote,  '  what  you  mean  by  your  slipping.'  '  You  shall 
know  my  meaning,'  said  Don  Lorenzo  ;  '  but  for  the 
present  I  pray  you  hearken  with  attention  to  my  glossed 
verses,  and  to  the  gloss,  as  for  example, — 

''  If  that  my  *  was '  might  turn  to  *  is,' 
I  look  for  't,  then  it  comes  complete; 
Oh,  might  I  say,  *  Now,  now  time  'tis,' 
Our  after-griefs  may  be  too  great." 


THE  GLOSS. 

**  As  everything  doth  pass  away, 
So  Fortune's  good^  that  erst  she  gave, 
Did  pass,  and  would  not  with  me  stay, 
Though  she  gave  once  all  I  could  crave. 


Chap.  XVIII      DON   LORENZO'S   GLOSSES  309 

Fortune,  'tis  long  since  thou  hast  seen 
Me  prostrate  at  thy  feet,  I  wis ; 
I  shall  be  glad,  as  I  have  been, 
If  that  my  '  was '  return  to  *  is.' 

"  Unto  no  honour  am  I  bent, 
No  prize,  conquest,  or  victory, 
But  to  return  to  my  content, 
Whose  thought  doth  grieve  my  memory : 
If  thou  to  me  do  it  restore, 
Fortune,  the  rigour  of  my  heat 
Allayed  is ;  let  it  come  before 
I  look  for  't,  then  it  comes  complete. 

"  Impossibles  do  I  desire 
To  make  time  past  return,  in  vain ; 
No  power  on  earth  can  once  aspire, 
Past,  to  recall  him  back  again. 
Time  doth  go,  time  runs  and  flies 
Swiftly,  his  course  doth  never  miss, 
He's  in  an  error  then  that  cries, 
*  Oh,  might  I  say,  "now,  now,  time  'tis."' 

"  I  live  in  great  perplexity, 
Sometimes  in  hope,  sometimes  in  fear ; 
Far  better  were  it  for  to  die, 
That  of  my  griefs  I  might  get  clear  ; 
For  me  to  die  'twere  better  far ; 
Let  me  not  that  again  repeat  : 
Fear  says,  *  'Tis  better  live  long,  for 
Our  after-griefs  may  be  too  great.' "  ' 

When  Don  Lorenzo  had  ended,  Don  Quixote  stood  up 
and  cried  aloud,  as  if  he  had  screeched,  taking  Don 
Lorenzo  by  the  hand,  and  said  :  '  Assuredly,  generous 
youth,  I  think  you  are  the  best  poet  in  the  world,  and  you 
deserve  the  laurel,  not  of  Cyprus  or  Gaeta,  as  a  poet  said 
(God  forgive  him  !  ),  but  of  Athens,  if  it  were  extant, 
Paris,  Bologna,  and  Salamanca.  I  would  to  God  those 
judges  that  would  deny  you  the  prize  might  be  shot  to 
death  with  arrows  by  Phoebus,  and  that  the  Muses  never 
come  within  their  thresholds.  Speak,  sir,  if  you  please, 
some  of  your  loftier  verses,  that  I  may  altogether  feel  the 
pulse  of  your  admirable  wit.' 

How  say  you  by  this,  that  Don  Lorenzo  was  pleased, 
when   he  heard   himself  thus   praised  by   Don   Quixote, 


310  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

although  he  held  him  to  be  a  madman  ?  O  power  of 
flattery,  how  far  thou  canst  extend,  and  how  large  are  the 
bounds  of  thy  pleasing  jurisdiction  !  This  truth  was 
verified  in  Don  Lorenzo,  since  he  condescended  to  Don 
Quixote's  request,  speaking  this  following  sonnet  to  him,  of 
the  fable  or  story  of  Pyramus  and  Thisbe  : 

*  The  wall  was  broken  by  the  virgin  fair, 

That  oped  the  gallant  breast  of  Pyramus  ; 

Love  parts  from  Cyprus,  that  he  may  declare, 

Once  seen,  the  narrow  breach  prodigious. 

There  nought  but  silence  speaks  ;  no  voice  doth  dare, 

Thorough  so  strait  a  strait,  be  venturous ; 

Let  their  minds  speak  ;  Love  works  this  wonder  rare, 

Facilitating  things  most  wonderous. 

Desire  in  her  grew  violent,  and  haste 

In  the  fond  maid,  instead  of  heart's  delight, 

Solicits  death.     See,  now  the  story's  past  : 

Both  of  them  in  a  moment,  O  strange  sight  ! 
One  sword,  one  sepulchre,  one  memory, 
Doth  kill,  doth  cover,  makes  them  never  die.' 

'  Now,  thanked  be  God,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  having 
heard  this  sonnet,  '  that  amongst  so  many  consummated 
poets  as  be,  I  have  found  one  consummate,  as  you  are,  sir, 
which  I  perceive  by  your  well-framed  sonnet.' 

Don  Quixote  remained  four  days,  being  well  entertained, 
in  Don  Diego's  house,  at  the  end  of  which  he  desired  to 
take  his  leave,  and  thanked  him  for  the  kindness  and  good 
welcome  he  had  received :  but,  because  it  was  not  fit  that 
knights-errant  should  be  too  long  idle,  he  purposed  to 
exercise  his  function,  and  to  seek  after  adventures  he  knew 
of ;  for  the  place  whither  he  meant  to  go  to  would  give 
him  plenty  enough  to  pass  his  time  with,  till  it  were  fit  for 
him  to  go  to  the  jousts  at  Saragosa,  which  was  his  more 
direct  course  ;  but  that  first  of  all  he  meant  to  go  to 
Montesinos'  vault,  of  which  there  were  so  many  admirable 
tales  in  every  man's  mouth,  so  to  search  and  inquire  the 
spring  and  origin  of  those  seven  lakes  commonly  called  of 
Ruydera.  Don  Diego  and  his  son  commended  his  noble 
determination,  and  bid  him  furnish  himself  with  what  he 
pleased  of  their  house  and  wealth,  for    that  he    should 


Chap.  XVIII  LEAVE-TAKING  3 1 1 

receive  it  with  all  love  and  good  will ;  for  the  worth  of 
his  person,  and  his  honourable  profession,  obliged  them 
to  it. 

To  conclude,  the  day  for  his  parting  came,  as  pleasing 
to  him  as  bitter  and  sorrowful  to  Sancho,  who  liked 
wondrous  well  of  Don  Diego's  plentiful  provision,  and  was 
loth  to  return  to  the  hunger  of  the  forests  and  wilderness, 
and  to  the  hardness  of  his  ill-furnished  wallets,  notwith- 
standing he  filled  and  stuffed  them  with  the  best  provision 
he  could.  And  Don  Quixote,  as  he  took  his  leave  of  Don 
Lorenzo,  said,  '  I  know  not,  sir,  whether  I  have  told  you 
heretofore,  but,  though  I  have,  I  tell  you  again,  that  when 
you  would  save  a  great  deal  of  labour  and  pains,  to  arrive 
at  the  inaccessible  top  of  Fame's  temple,  you  have  no  more 
to  do  but  to  leave  on  one  hand  the  strait  and  narrow  path 
of  poesy,  and  to  take  the  most  narrow  of  knight-errantry, 
sufficient  to  make  you  an  emperor,  ere  you  would  say, 
"  What's  this  ?  "  ' 

With  this  epilogue  Don  Quixote  shut  up  the  comedy  of 
his  madness  ;  only  this  he  added  :  '  God  knows,  I  would 
willingly  carry  Signior  Don  Lorenzo  with  me,  to  teach  him 
what  belongs  to  pardoning  the  humble,  to  curbing  and 
restraining  the  proud,  virtues  annexed  to  my  profession  ; 
but,  since  his  slender  age  is  not  capable,  and  his  laudable 
enterprises  will  not  permit  him,  I  am  only  willing  to 
advise  you  that  being  a  poet  you  may  be  famous,  if  you 
govern  yourself  by  other  men's  judgments  more  than 
by  your  own  ;  for  you  have  no  parents  that  dislike  their 
own  children,  fair  or  foul,  and  this  error  is  more  frequent 
in  men's  understandings.' 

The  father  and  the  son  afresh  admired  at  Don  Quixote's 
oft-interposed  reasons,  some  wise,  some  foolish,  and  at 
his  obstinate  being  bent  altogether  upon  his  unlucky 
adventures,  which  he  aimed  at,  as  the  mark  and  end  of 
his  desire.  They  renewed  again  their  kind  offers  and 
compliments  with  him ;  but  Don  Quixote,  taking  his  leave 
of  the  lady  of  the  castle,  mounted  his  Rozinante,  and 
Sancho  his  Dapple :  so  they  parted. 


312  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 


CHAPTER  XIX 

Of  the  Adventure  of  the  Enamoured  Shepherd^  with 
other  {indeed^  Pleasant  Accidents 

Don  Quixote  was  not  gone  far  from  Don  Diego's  town, 
when  he  overtook  two  men  that  seemed  to  be  parsons,  or 
scholars,  with  two  husbandmen  that  were  mounted  upon 
four  asses.  One  of  the  scholars  had  (as  it  were  in  a 
portmanteau)  a  piece  of  white  cloth  for  scarlet,  wrapped 
up  in  a  piece  of  green  buckram,  and  two  pair  of  cotton 
stockings  ;  the  other  had  nothing  but  two  foils  and  a  pair 
of  pumps  ;  the  husbandmen  had  other  things,  which 
showed  they  came  from  some  market  town,  where  they 
had  bought  them  to  carry  home  to  their  village.  So  as 
well  the  scholars  as  the  husbandmen  fell  into  the  same 
admiration  that  all  they  had  done  who  first  saw  Don 
Quixote,  and  they  longed  to  know  what  manner  of  fellow 
he  was,  so  different  from  all  other  men.  Don  Quixote 
saluted  them,  and  after  he  asked  them  whither  they  went, 
and  that  they  had  said  they  went  his  way,  he  offered  them 
his  company,  and  desired  them  to  go  softlier,  for  that  their 
young  asses  travelled  faster  than  his  horse :  and,  to  oblige 
them  the  more,  he  told  them  who  he  was,  and  of  his 
profession,  that  he  was  a  knight-errant,  that  he  went  to 
seek  adventures  round  about  the  world.  He  told  them 
his  proper  name  was  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha,  but  his 
ordinary  name  the  Knight  of  the  Lions. 

All  this  to  the  husbandmen  was  heathen  Greek  or 
pedlar's  French  ;  but  not  to  the  scholars,  who  straight 
perceived  the  weakness  of  Don  Quixote's  brain  :  notwith- 
standing, they  beheld  him  with  great  admiration  and 
respect,  and  one  of  them  said,  '  Knight,  if  you  go  no  set 
journey,  as  they  which  seek  adventures  seldom  do,  I  pray 
go  with  us,  and  you  shall  see  one  of  the  bravest  and  most 
sumptuous  marriages  that  ever  was  kept  in  the  Mancha,  or 
in  many  leagues  round  about.'     Don  Quixote  asked  them 


Chap.  XIX         CAMACHO  AND   BASILIUS  313 

if  it  were  of  any  prince,  for  so  he  imagined.  '  No,  sir,' 
said  he,  '  but  betwixt  a  farmer  and  a  farmer's  daughter  ; 
he  is  the  richest  in  all  the  country,  and  she  the  fairest 
alive.  Their  provision  for  this  marriage  is  new  and  rare, 
and  it  is  to  be  kept  in  a  meadow  near  the  bride's  town. 
She  is  called,  the  more  to  set  her  out,  Quiteria  the  Fair, 
and  he  Camacho  the  Rich  ;  she  is  about  eighteen  years  of 
age,  and  he  two-and-twenty  ;  both  well  met,  but  that  some 
nice  people,  that  busy  themselves  in  all  men's  lineages,  will 
say  that  the  fair  Quiteria  is  of  better  parentage  than  he  ; 
but  that's  nothing,  riches  are  able  to  solder  all  clefts.  To 
say  true,  this  Camacho  is  liberal,  and  he  hath  longed  to 
make  an  arbour,  and  cover  all  the  meadow  on  the  top,  so 
that  the  sun  will  be  troubled  to  enter  to  visit  the  green 
herbs  underneath.  He  hath  also  certain  warlike  morrices, 
as  well  of  swords  as  little  jingling  bells ;  for  we  have  those 
in  the  town  that  will  jangle  them.  For  your  foot-clappers 
I  say  nothing ;  you  would  wonder  to  see  them  bestir  them- 
selves ;  but  none  of  these,  nor  others  I  have  told  you  of, 
are  like  to  make  this  marriage  so  remarkable  as  the 
despised  Basilius.  This  Basilius  is  a  neighbouring  swain 
of  Quiteria's  town,  whose  house  was  next  door  to  her 
father's.  From  hence  love  took  occasion  to  renew  unto 
the  world  the  long  forgotten  loves  of  Pyramus  and 
Thisbe  ;  for  Basilius  loved  Quiteria  from  a  child,  and  she 
answered  his  desires  with  a  thousand  loving  favours  ;  so 
that  it  grew  a  common  talk  in  the  town,  of  the  love  be- 
tween the  two  little  ones.  Quiteria  began  to  grow  to  some 
years,  and  her  father  began  to  deny  Basilius  his  ordinary 
access  to  the  house  ;  and,  to  avoid  all  suspicion,  purposed 
to  marry  her  to  the  rich  Camacho,  not  thinking  it  fit  to 
marry  her  to  Basilius,  who  was  not  so  rich  in  fortune's 
goods  as  in  those  of  the  mind  ;  for,  to  say  truth  without 
envy,  he  is  the  activest  youth  we  have,  a  famous  bar- 
pitcher,  an  excellent  wrestler,  a  great  tennis-player,  he 
runs  like  a  deer,  outleaps  a  she-goat,  and  plays  at  ten-pins 
miraculously,  sings  like  a  lark,  plays  upon  a  gittern  as  if 
he  made  it  speak,  and,  above  all,  fenceth  as  well  as  the 
best.' 


314  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

'  For  that  sleight  only/  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  the  youth 
deserves  not  only  to  match  with  the  fair  Quiteria,  but 
with  Queen  Ginebra  herself,  if  she  were  now  alive,  in  spite 
of  Lansarote,  and  all  that  would  gainsay  it.'  '  There's 
for  my  wife  now,'  quoth  Sancho,  that  had  been  all  this 
while  silent,  '  that  would  have  every  one  marry  with  their 
equals,  holding  herself  to  the  proverb  that  says,  "  Like  to 
like,  quoth  the  devil  to  the  collier."  All  that  I  desire  is, 
that  honest  Basilius,  for  methinks  I  love  him,  were  married 
to  Quiteria  ;  and  God  give  'em  joy,  I  was  saying,  those 
that  go  about  to  hinder  the  marriage  of  two  that  love 
well.' 

*  If  all  that  love  well,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  ^  should 
marry,  parents  would  lose  the  privilege  of  marrying  their 
children  when  and  with  whom  they  ought ;  and,  if 
daughters  might  choose  their  husbands,  you  should  have 
some  would  choose  their  father's  servants,  and  others  any 
passenger  in  the  street,  whom  they  thought  to  be  a  lusty 
swaggerer,  although  he  were  a  cowardly  ruffian  ;  for  love 
and  affection  do  easily  blind  the  eyes  of  the  understanding, 
which  is  only  fit  to  choose,  and  the  state  of  matrimony  is 
a  ticklish  thing,  and  there  is  great  heed  to  be  taken,  and  a 
particular  favour  to  be  given  from  above,  to  make  it  light 
happily.  Any  man  that  would  but  undertake  some  voyage, 
if  he  be  wise,  before  he  is  on  his  way  he  will  seek  him  some 
good  companion.  And  why  should  not  he  do  so  that  must 
travel  all  his  lifetime  till  he  come  to  his  resting-place,  death  ; 
and  the  rather  if  his  company  must  be  at  bed  and  at  board, 
and  in  all  places,  as  the  wife's  company  must  be  with  the 
husband  ?  Your  wife  is  not  a  commodity  like  others,  that 
is  bought  and  sold,  or  exchanged,  but  an  inseparable  accident 
that  lasts  for  term  of  life.  It  is  a  noose  that,  being  fastened 
about  the  neck,  turns  to  a  Gordian  knot,  which  cannot  be 
undone  but  by  Death's  sickle.  I  could  tell  ye  much  more 
in  this  business,  were  it  not  for  the  desire  I  have  to  be 
satisfied  by  master  parson  if  there  be  any  more  to  come  of 
Basilius  his  story.' 

To  which  he  answered,  '  This  is  all  :  that  from  the 
instant  that  Basilius  knew  the  fair    Quiteria  was    to    be 


Chap.  XIX         CAMACHO  AND   BASILIUS  315 

married  to  the  rich  Camacho  he  was  never  seen  to  smile, 
or  talk  sensibly  ;  and  he  is  always  sad  and  pensative,  talks 
to  himself — an  evident  token  that  he  is  distracted — eats 
little,  sleeps  much  ;  all  he  eats  is  fruits,  and  all  his  sleep 
is  in  the  fields,  upon  the  hard  ground,  like  a  beast  ;  now 
and  then  he  looks  up  to  heaven,  and  sometimes  casts  his 
eyes  downward,  so  senseless  as  if  he  were  only  a  statue 
clothed,  and  the  very  air  strikes  off  his  garments.  In  fine, 
he  hath  all  the  signs  of  a  passionate  heart,  and  we  are  all 
of  opinion  that  by  that  time  Quiteria  to-morrow  gives  the 
"  Ay ''  it  will  be  the  sentence  of  his  death.' 

'  God  forbid,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  for  God  gives  the  wound, 
and  God  gives  the  salve  ;  nobody  knows  what  may 
happen  ;  'tis  a  good  many  hours  between  this  and  to- 
morrow ;  and  in  one  hour,  nay,  one  minute,  a  house  falls  ; 
and  I  have  seen  the  sun  shine  and  foul  weather  in  an 
instant ;  one  goes  to  bed  sound  at  night,  and  stirs  not  the 
next  morning  ;  and  pray  tell  me,  is  there  anyone  here  that 
can  say  he  hath  stayed  the  course  of  Fortune's  great 
wheel  ?  No,  truly,  and  between  a  woman's  "  Ay  "  and 
"  No  "  I  would  be  loth  to  put  a  pin's  point,  for  it  would 
hardly  enter.  Let  me  have  Mistress  Quiteria  love  Basilius 
with  all  her  heart,  and  I'll  give  him  a  bag  full  of  good 
luck  ;  for  your  love,  as  I  have  heard  tell,  looks  wantonly 
with  eyes  that  make  copper  seem  gold,  and  poverty  riches, 
and  filth  in  the  eyes  pearls.' 

'  Whither  a  plague  runn'st  thou,  Sancho  ? '  quoth  Don 
Quixote.  *When  thou  goest  threading  on  thy  proverbs 
and  thy  flimflams,  Judas  himself,  [though  he]  take  thee, 
cannot  hold  thee.  Tell  me,  beast,  what  knowest  thou  of 
Fortune  or  her  wheel,  or  anything  else  ? '  '  Oh,  if  you 
understand  me  not,  no  marvel  though  my  sentences  be 
held  for  fopperies.  Well,  I  know  what  I  say,  and  know  I 
have  not  spoken  much  from  the  purpose  ;  but  you,  sir,  are 
always  the  turney  to  my  words  and  actions.'  'Attorney, 
thou  wouldst  say  ;  God  confound  thee,  thou  prevaricator  of 
language  ! '  '  Do  not  you  deal  with  me,'  said  Sancho,  '  since 
you  know  I  have  not  been  brought  up  in  court,  nor  studied 
in  Salamanca  to   know   whether   I   add  or  diminish  any 


3i6  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

of  my  syllables.  Lord  God !  you  must  not  think 
your  Galician^  can  speak  like  your  Toledonian,  and 
they  neither  are  not  all  so  nimble/  '  For  matter  of 
your  court  language/  quoth  the  parson,  ^  'tis  true ;  for 
they  that  are  bred  in  the  tanner-rows  and  the  Zocodoner^ 
cannot  discourse  like  them  that  walk  all  day  in  the  high 
church  cloisters  ;  yet  all  are  Toledonians.  The  language 
is  pure,  proper,  and  elegant,  indeed,  only  in  your  discreet 
courtiers,  let  them  be  born  where  they  will ;  discreet,  I  say, 
because  many  are  otherwise,  and  discretion  is  the  grammar 
of  good  language,  which  is  accompanied  with  practice.  I, 
sir,  I  thank  God,  have  studied  the  canons  in  Salamanca, 
and  presume  sometimes  to  yield  a  reason  in  plain  and 
significant  terms.'  '  If  you  did  not  presume,'  said  the 
other  scholar,  '  more  on  your  using  the  foils  you  carry  than 
your  tongue,  you  might  have  been  senior  in  your  degree, 
whereas  now  you  are  lag.'  *  Look  you,  bachelor,'  quoth 
the  parson,  ^  you  are  in  the  most  erroneous  opinion  of  the 
world  touching  the  skill  of  the  weapon,  since  you  hold 
it  frivolous.'  '  'Tis  no  opinion  of  mine,'  said  Corchuelo, 
'  but  a  manifest  truth  ;  and,  if  you  will  have  me  show  it 
by  experience,  there  you  have  foils  commodious  :  I  have 
an  arm  and  strength,  which,  together  with  my  courage, 
which  is  not  small,  will  make  you  confess  I  am  not  deceived. 
Alight,  and  keep  your  distance,  your  circles,  your  corners, 
and  all  your  science  ;  I  hope  to  make  you  see  the  stars  at 
noonday  with  my  skill,  which  is  but  modern  and  mean, 
which  though  it  be  small,  I  hope  to  God  the  man  is  yet 
unborn  that  shall  make  me  turn  my  back  ;  and  there  is  no 
man  in  the  world  but  I'll  make  him  give  ground.'  '  For 
turning  your  back,'  said  the  skilful,  '  I  meddle  not,  though 
perhaps  where  you  first  set  your  foot,  there  your  grave  might 
be  digged, — I  mean,  you  might  be  killed  for  despising 
skill.'  '  That  you  shall  try,'  said  Corchuelo ;  and,  lighting 
hastily  from  his  ass,  he  snatched  one  of  the  swords  that  the 
parson  carried.  '  Not  so,'  said  Don  Quixote  instantly  ; 
'  I'll  be  the  master  of  this  fence,  and  the  judge  of  this 

^One  of  that  province  that  speak  a  bastard  language  to  the  Spanish. 
^The  market-place  so  called  in  Toledo. 


Chap.  XIX  A  FENCING   PARSON  317 

undecided  controversy.'  And,  lighting  from  Rozinante, 
and  taking  his  lance,  he  stepped  between  them  till  such 
time  as  the  parson  had  put  himself  into  his  posture  and 
distance  against  Corchuelo,  who  ran,  as  you  would  say, 
darting  fire  out  of  his  eyes. 

The  two  husbandmen  that  were  by,  without  lighting 
from  their  asses,  served  for  spectators  of  the  mortal  tragedy. 
The  blows,  the  stockadoes,  your  false  thrusts,  your  back- 
blows,  your  doubling-blows,  that  came  from  Corchuelo, 
were  numberless,  as  thick  as  hops  or  hail  ;  he  laid  on  like 
an  angry  lion  ;  but  still  the  parson  gave  him  a  stopple  for 
his  mouth,  with  the  button  of  his  foil,  which  stopped  him 
in  the  midst  of  his  fury  ;  and  he  made  him  kiss  it  as  if  it 
had  been  a  relic,  though  not  with  so  much  devotion  as  is 
due  to  them.  In  a  word,  the  parson  with  pure  stockadoes 
told  all  the  buttons  of  his  cassock  which  he  had  on,  his 
skirts  flying  about  him  like  a  fish's  tail.  Twice  he  struck  off 
his  hat,  and  so  wearied  him  that,  what  for  despite,  what  for 
choler  and  rage,  he  took  the  sword  by  the  hilt  and  flung  it 
into  the  air  so  forcibly  that  one  of  the  husbandmen  that 
was  by,  who  was  a  notary,  and  went  for  it,  gave  testimony 
after  that  he  flung  it  almost  three-quarters  of  a  mile,  which 
testimony  serves,  and  hath  served,  that  it  may  be  known 
and  really  seen  that  force  is  overcome  by  art. 

Corchuelo  sat  down,  being  very  weary,  and  Sancho, 
coming  to  him,  said,  '  Truly,  sir  bachelor,  if  you  take  my 
advice,  hereafter  challenge  no  man  to  fence,  but  to  wrestle 
or  throw  the  bar,  since  you  have  youth  and  force  enough 
for  it ;  for  I  have  heard  those  that  you  call  your  skilful  men 
say  that  they  will  thrust  the  point  of  a  sword  through  the  eye 
of  a  needle.'  '  I  am  glad,'  quoth  Corchuelo,  '  that  I  came 
from  my  ass,  and  that  experience  hath  showed  me  what  I 
would  not  have  believed.'  So,  rising  up,  he  embraced  the 
parson,  and  they  were  as  good  friends  as  before.  So,  not 
staying  for  the  notary  that  went  for  the  sword,  because 
they  thought  he  would  tarry  long,  they  resolved  to  follow, 
and  come  betimes  to  Quiteria's  village,  of  whence  they  all 
were.  By  the  way  the  parson  discourses  to  them  of  the 
excellency  of  the  art  of  fencing,  with  so  many  demonstrative 


3i8  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

reasons,  with  so  many  figures  and  mathematical  demon- 
strations, that  all  were  satisfied  with  the  rareness  of  the 
science,  and  Corchuelo  reduced  from  his  obstinacy. 

It  began  to  grow  dark,  but  before  they  drew  near  they 
all  saw  a  kind  of  heaven  of  innumerable  stars  before  the 
town.  They  heard  likewise  harmonious  and  confused 
sounds  of  divers  instruments,  as  flutes,  tabors,  psalteries, 
recorders,  hand-drums,  and  bells ;  and,  when  they  drew 
near,  they  saw  that  the  trees  of  an  arbour,  which  had 
been  made  at  the  entrance  of  the  town,  were  all  full  of 
lights,  which  were  not  offended  by  the  wind,  that  then 
blew  not,  but  was  so  gentle  that  it  scarce  moved  the 
leaves  of  the  trees.  The  musicians  were  they  that  made 
the  marriage  more  sprightly,  who  went  two  and  two  in 
companies,  some  dancing  and  singing,  others  playing  upon 
divers  of  the  aforesaid  instruments ;  nothing  but  mirth  ran 
up  and  down  the  meadow  ;  others  were  busied  in  raising 
scaffolds,  that  they  might  the  next  day  see  the  representa- 
tions and  dances  commodiously,  dedicated  to  the  marriage 
of  the  rich  Camacho,  and  the  obsequies  of  Basilius. 

Don  Quixote  would  not  enter  the  town,  although  the 
husbandmen  and  the  bachelor  entreated  him ;  for  he  gave 
a  sufficient  excuse  for  himself,  as  he  thought,  that  it  was 
the  custom  of  knights-errant  to  sleep  in  fields  and  forests, 
rather  than  in  habitations,  though  it  were  under  golden 
roofs;  so  he  went  a  little  out  of  the  way,  much  against 
Sancho's  will,  who  remembered  the  good  lodging  he  had 
in  the  castle  or  house  of  Don  Diego. 


CHAPTER  XX 

Of  the  Marriage  of  Rich  Camacho^  and  the  Success  of 

Poor  Basilius 

Scarce  had  the  silver  morn  given  bright  Phoebus  leave, 
with  the  ardour  of  his   burning  rays,  to  dry  the  liquid 


Chap.  XX  CAMACHO'S   MARRIAGE  319 

pearls  on  his  golden  locks,  when  Don  Quixote,  shaking 
off  sloth  from  his  drowsy  members,  rose  up,  and  called 
Sancho  his  squire,  that  still  lay  snorting;  which  Don 
Quixote  seeing,  before  he  could  wake,  he  said:  'O  happy 
thou  above  all  that  live  upon  the  face  of  the  earth,  that 
without  envy,  or  being  envied,  sleepest  with  a  quiet  breast, 
neither  persecuted  by  enchanters  nor  frighted  by  enchant- 
ments !  Sleep,  I  say  once  again — nay,  an  hundred  times 
— sleep ;  let  not  thy  master's  jealousy  keep  thee  con- 
tinually awake,  nor  let  care  to  pay  thy  debts  make  thee 
watchful,  or  how  another  day  thou  and  thy  small  but 
straitened  family  may  live,  whom  neither  ambition 
troubles  nor  the  world's  vain  pomp  doth  weary,  since  the 
bounds  of  thy  desires  extend  no  farther  than  to  thinking 
of  thine  ass ;  for,  for  thine  own  person,  that  thou  hast 
committed  to  my  charge, — a  counterpoise  and  burden  that 
nature  and  custom  hath  laid  upon  the  masters.  The 
servant  sleeps,  and  the  master  wakes,  thinking  how  he  may 
maintain,  good  him,  and  do  him  kindnesses;  the  grief  that 
it  is  to  see  heaven  obdurate  in  relieving  the  earth  with 
seasonable  moisture  troubles  not  the  servant,  but  it  doth 
the  master,  that  must  keep,  in  sterility  and  hunger,  him 
that  served  him  in  abundance  and  plenty.' 

Sancho  answered  not  a  word  to  all  this,  for  he  was 
asleep,  neither  would  he  have  awaked  so  soon,  if  Don 
Quixote  had  not  made  him  come  to  himself  with  the 
little  end  of  his  lance.  At  length  he  awaked  sleepy  and 
drowsy,  and,  turning  his  face  round  about,  he  said  : 
*  From  this  arbour,  if  I  be  not  deceived,  there  comes 
a  steam  and  smell  rather  of  good  broiled  rashers  than 
thyme  and  rushes  ;  a  marriage  that  begins  with  such 
smells,  by  my  holidam,  I  think  'twill  be  brave  and  plenti- 
ful.' '  Away,  glutton  ! '  quoth  Don  Quixote.  '  Come 
and  let  us  go  see  it,  and  what  becomes  of  the  disdained 
Basilius.'  '  Let  him  do  what  he  will,'  said  Sancho,  '  were 
it  not  better  that  he  were  poor  still  and  married  to 
Quiteria  ?  There  is  no  more  in  it,  but  let  the  moon 
lose  one  quarter  and  she'll  fall  from  the  clouds.  Faith, 
sir,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  poor  fellow  be  contented  with 


320  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

his  fortunes,  and  not  seek  after  things  impossible.  FU 
hold  one  of  mine  arms  that  Camacho  will  cover  Basilius 
all  over  with  sixpences  ;  and  if  it  be  so,  as  'tis  like, 
Quiteria  were  a  very  fool  to  leave  her  bravery  and  jewels 
that  Camacho  hath  and  can  give  her,  and  choose  Basilius 
for  his  bar-pitching  and  fencing.  In  a  tavern  they  will 
not  give  you  a  pint  of  wine  for  a  good  throw  with  the 
bar,  or  a  trick  at  fence ;  such  abilities  that  are  worth 
nothing  have  'em  whoso  will  for  me ;  but  when  they  light 
upon  one  that  hath  crowns  withal,  let  me  be  like  that  man 
that  hath  them.  Upon  a  good  foundation  a  good  building 
may  be  raised,  and  money  is  the  best  bottom  and  founda- 
tion that  is  in  the  world.'  '  For  God's  love,  Sancho,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  conclude  thy  tedious  discourse,  with 
which,  I  believe,  if  thou  wert  let  alone,  thou  wouldst 
neither  eat  nor  sleep  for  talking.'  '  If  you  had  a  good 
memory,'  said  Sancho,  '  you  would  remember  the  articles 
of  our  agreement  before  we  made  our  last  sally  from 
home,  one  of  which  was  that  you  would  let  me  speak  as 
much  as  I  list,  on  condition  that  it  were  not  against  my 
neighbour  or  against  your  authority ;  and  hitherto  I  am 
sure  I  have  not  broken  that  article.'  '  I  remember  no 
such  article,  Sancho,'  said  he ;  '  and,  though  it  were  so,  I 
would  have  you  now  be  silent  and  come  with  me ;  for 
now  the  instruments  we  heard  over  night  begin  to 
cheer  the  valleys,  and  doubtless  the  marriage  is  kept  in  the 
cool  of  the  morning,  and  not  deferred  till  the  afternoon's 
heat.' 

Sancho  did  what  his  master  willed  him,  and,  saddling 
Rozinante,  with  his  pack-saddle  clapped  likewise  on 
Dapple,  the  two  mounted,  and  fair  and  softly  entered 
the  arbour.  The  first  thing  that  Sancho  saw  was  a  whole 
steer  spitted  upon  a  whole  elm,  and  for  the  fire,  where  it 
was  to  be  roasted,  there  was  a  pretty  mountain  of  wood, 
and  six  pots  that  were  round  about  this  bonfire,  which 
were  never  cast  in  the  ordinary  mould  that  other  pots 
were,  for  they  were  six  half  olive-butts,  and  every  one  was 
a  very  shambles  of  meat,  they  had  so  many  whole  sheep 
soaking  in  'em  which  were  not  seen,  as  if  they  had  been 


Chap.  XX  WEDDING   FARE  321 

pigeons.  The  flayed  hares  and  the  pulled  hens  that  were 
hung  upon  the  trees  to  be  buried  in  the  pots  were  number- 
less ;  birds  and  fowl  of  divers  sorts  infinite,  that  hung  on 
the  trees,  that  the  air  might  cool  them.  Sancho  counted 
above  threescore  skins  of  wine,  each  of  them  of  above  two 
arrobas  ^,  and  as  it  afterward  seemed,  of  sprightly  liquor ; 
there  were  also  whole  heaps  of  purest  bread,  heaped  up 
like  corn  in  the  threshing-floors ;  your  cheeses,  like  bricks 
piled  one  upon  another,  made  a  goodly  wall ;  and  two 
kettles  of  oil,  bigger  than  a  dyer's,  served  to  fry  their 
paste-work,  which  they  took  out  with  two  strong  peels 
when  they  were  fried,  and  they  ducked  them  in  another 
kettle  of  honey  that  stood  by  for  the  same  purpose. 
There  were  cooks  above  fifty,  men  and  women,  all 
cleanly,  careful,  and  cheerful.  In  the  spacious  belly  of  the 
steer  there  were  twelve  sucking  pigs,  which,  being  sewed 
there,  served  to  make  him  more  savoury.  The  spices  of 
divers  sorts,  it  seems  they  were  not  bought  by  pounds, 
but  by  arrobas,  and  all  lay  open  in  a  great  chest.  To 
conclude,  this  preparation  for  the  marriage  was  rustical, 
but  so  plentiful  that  it  might  furnish  an  army. 

Sancho  Panza  beheld  all,  and  was  much  aff^ected  with  it ; 
and  first  of  all  the  goodly  pots  did  captivate  his  desires, 
from  whence  with  all  his  heart  he  would  have  been  glad 
to  have  received  a  good  pipkin-full  ;  by  and  by  he  was 
enamoured  on  the  skins  ;  and  last  of  all  on  the  fried 
meats,  if  so  be  those  vast  kettles  might  be  called  frying- 
pans  :  so,  without  longer  patience,  as  not  being  able  to 
abstain,  he  came  to  one  of  the  busy  cooks,  and  with 
courteous  and  hungry  reasons  desired  him  that  he  might 
sop  a  cast  of  bread  in  one  of  the  pots.  To  which  the 
cook  replied,  '  Brother,  this  is  no  day  on  which  hunger 
may  have  any  jurisdiction,  thanks  be  to  the  rich  Camacho ; 
alight,  and  see  if  you  can  find  ever  a  ladle  there,  and  skim 
out  a  hen  or  two,  and  much  good  may  they  do  you  ! ' 
'  I  see  none,'  said  Sancho.  '  Stay,'  said  the  cook  ;  '  God 
forgive  me,  what  a  ninny  'tis  ! '     And  saying  this,  he  laid 

^  Arroba,  a  measure  of  25  lb.  weight,  which  may  be  some  six  gallons 
of  wine. 

II.  X 


322  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

hold  of  a  kettle,  and,  sousing  into  it  one  of  the  half-butts, 
he  drew  out  of  it  three  hens  and  two  geese,  and  said  to 
Sancho,  '  Eat,  friend,  and  break  your  fast  with  this  froth 
till  dinner-time/  '  I  have  nothing  to  put  it  in,'  said 
Sancho.  '  Why,  take  spoon  and  all,'  said  the  cook  ;  '  for 
Camacho's  riches  and  content  will  very  well  bear  it.' 

Whilst  Sancho  thus  passed  his  time,  Don  Quixote  saw 
that  by  one  side  of  the  arbour  there  came  a  dozen 
husbandmen  upon  twelve  goodly  mares,  with  rich  and 
sightly  furniture  fit  for  the  country,  with  many  little 
bells  upon  their  petrels,  all  clad  in  bravery  for  that  day's 
solemnity,  and  all  in  a  joint  troop  ran  many  careers  up 
and  down  the  meadow,  with  a  great  deal  of  mirth  and 
jollity,  crying,  '  Long  live  Camacho  and  Quiteria  !  he  as 
rich  as  she  fair,  and  she  the  fairest  of  the  world.'  Which 
when  Don  Quixote  heard,  thought  he  to  himself,  '  It  well 
appears  that  these  men  have  not  seen  my  Dulcinea  del 
Toboso  ;  for,  if  they  had,  they  would  not  be  so  forward 
in  praising  this  their  Quiteria.' 

A  while  after  there  began  to  enter,  at  divers  places  of 
the  arbour,  certain  different  dances,  amongst  which  there 
was  one  sword-dance  by  four-and-twenty  swains,  hand- 
some lusty  youths,  all  in  white  linen,  with  their  handker- 
chiefs wrought  in  several  colours  of  fine  silk  ;  and  one  of 
the  twelve  upon  the  mares  asked  him  that  was  the  foreman 
of  these,  a  nimble  lad,  if  any  of  the  dancers  had  hurt 
themselves.  '  Hitherto,'  said  he,  '  nobody  is  hurt ;  we 
are  all  well,  God  be  thanked.'  And  straight  he  shuffled 
in  amongst  the  rest  of  his  companions,  with  so  many 
tricks  and  so  much  sleight  that  Don  Quixote,  though  he 
were  used  to  such  kind  of  dances,  yet  he  never  liked  any 
so  well  as  this.  He  also  liked  another  very  well,  which 
was  of  fair  young  maids,  so  young  that  never  a  one  was 
under  fourteen  nor  none  above  eighteen,  all  clad  in  coarse 
green,  their  hair  partly  filleted  and  partly  loose — but  all 
were  yellow,  and  might  compare  with  the  sun — upon 
which  they  had  garlands  of  jasmines,^  roses,  woodbine,  and 

^  Jasmines,  a  little  sweet  white  flower  that  grows  in  Spain  in  hedges, 
like  our  sweet  marjoram. 


Chap.  XX  A   BRAWL  323 

honeysuckles.  They  had  for  their  guides  a  reverend  old 
man  and  a  matronly  woman,  but  more  light  and  nimble  than 
could  be  expected  from  their  years.  They  danced  to  the 
sound  of  a  Zamora  bagpipe  \  so  that  with  their  honest 
looks  and  their  nimble  feet,  they  seemed  to  be  the  best 
dancers  in  the  world. 

After  this  there  came  in  another  artificial  dance,  of  those 
called  brawls ;  it  consisted  of  eight  nymphs,  divided  into 
two  ranks ;  god  Cupid  guided  one  rank  and  Money  the 
other :  the  one  with  his  wings,  his  bow,  his  quiver  and 
arrows ;  the  other  was  clad  in  divers  rich  colours  of  gold 
and  silk.  The  nymphs  that  followed  Love  carried  a  white 
parchment  scroll  at  their  backs,  in  which  their  names  were 
written  in  great  letters.  The  first  was  Poesy,  the  second 
Discretion,  the  third  Nobility,  the  fourth  Valour.  In  the 
same  manner  came  those  whom  god  Money  led :  the  first 
was  Liberality,  the  second  Reward,  the  third  Treasure,  the 
fourth  Quiet  Possession.  Before  them  came  a  wooden 
castle,  which  was  shot  at  by  two  savages  clad  in  ivy,  and 
canvas  dyed  in  green,  so  to  the  life  that  they  had  well-nigh 
frighted  Sancho.  Upon  the  frontispiece  and  of  each  side 
of  the  castle  was  written,  '  The  Castle  of  Good  Heed.' 
Four  skilful  musicians  played  to  them  on  a  tabor  and  pipe  ; 
Cupid  began  the  dance,  and,  after  two  changes,  he  lifted 
up  his  eyes  and  bent  his  bow  against  a  virgin  that  stood 
upon  the  battlements  of  the  castle,  and  said  to  her  in  this 
manner : 

'  I  am  the  powerful  deity. 
In  heaven  above  and  earth  beneath, 
In  sea's  and  hell's  profundity, 
O'er  all  that  therein  live  or  breathe. 

*  What  'tis  to  fear,  I  never  knew ; 
I  can  perform  all  that  I  will ; 
Nothing  to  me  is  strange  or  new ; 
I  bid,  forbid,  at  pleasure  still.' 

The  verse  being  ended,  he  shot  a  flight  over  the  castle,  and 
retired  to  his  standing.     By  and  by  came  out  Money,  and 

^  Zamora,"  a  town  in  Castile  famous  for  that  kind  of  music   like  our 
Lancashire  hornpipe. 


324  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

performed  his  two  changes ;  the  tabor  ceased,  and  he 
spoke : 

*  Lo !   I  that  can  do  more  than  love, 
Yet  Love  is  he  that  doth  me  guide; 
My  offspring  great'st  on  earth,  to  Jove 
Above  I  nearest  am  allied. 

*  I  Money  am,  with  whom  but  few 
Perform  the  honest  works  they  ought ; 
Yet  here  a  miracle  to  show, 

That  without  me  they  could  do  aught.' 

Money  retired,  and  Poetry  advanced,  who,  after  she  had 
done  her  changes  as  well  as  the  rest,  her  eyes  fixed  upon 
the  damsel  of  the  castle,  she  said : 

*  Lady,  to  thee,  sweet  Poesy 

Her  soul  in  deep  conceits  doth  send, 

Wrapped  up  in  writs  of  sonnetry, 

Whose  pleasing  strains  do  them  commend. 

*  If,  with  my  earnestness,  I  thee 
Importune  not,  fair  damsel,  soon 
Thy  envied  fortune  shall,  by  me, 
Mount  to  the  circle  of  the  moon.' 

Poetry  gave  way,  and  from  Money's  side  came  Liberality, 
and,  after  her  changes,  spoke : 

*  To  give  is  Liberality, 

'  In  him  that  shuns  two  contraries, 

The  one  of  prodigality, 
T'other  of  hateful  avarice. 

*  I'll  be  profuse  in  praising  thee, 
Profuseness  hath  accounted  been 
A  vice,  yet  sure  it  cometh  nigh 
Affection,  which  in  gifts  is  seen.' 

In  this  sort  both  the  shows  of  the  two  squadrons  came 
in  and  out,  and  each  of  them  performed  their  changes  and 
spoke  their  verses,  some  elegant,  some  ridiculous.  Don 
Quixote  only  remembered  (for  he  had  a  great  memory) 
the  rehearsed  ones.  And  now  the  whole  troop  mingled 
together,  winding  in  and  out  with  great  sprightliness  and 
dexterity  ;    and   still  as   Love  went   before   the  castle  he 


Chap.  XX  LOVE   AND   MONEY  325 

shot  a  flight  aloft,   but   Money  broke  gilded  balls,  and 
threw  into  it. 

At  last,  after  Money  had  danced  a  good  while,  he  drew 
out  a  great  purse  made  of  a  Roman  cat's  skin,  which 
seemed  to  be  full  of  money,  and,  casting  it  into  the  castle, 
with  the  blow  the  boards  were  disjoined  and  fell  down, 
leaving  the  damsel  discovered,  without  any  defence. 
Money  came  with  his  assistants,  and,  casting  a  great 
chain  of  gold  about  her  neck,  they  made  a  show  of 
leading  her  captive,  which  when  Love  and  his  party  saw, 
they  made  show  as  if  they  would  have  rescued  her  ;  and 
all  these  motions  were  to  the  sound  of  the  tabors.  With 
skilful  dancing  the  savages  parted  them,  who  very  speedily 
went  to  set  up  and  join  the  boards  of  the  castle,  and  the 
damosel  was  there  enclosed  anew ;  and  with  this  the  dance 
ended,  to  the  great  content  of  the  spectators. 

Don  Quixote  asked  one  of  the  nymphs  who  had  so 
dressed  and  ordered  her.  She  answered,  a  parson  of  the 
town,  who  had  an  excellent  capacity  for  such  inventions. 
*  ril  lay  a  wager,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  he  was  more  Basilius 
his  friend  than  Camacho's,  and  that  he  knows  better  what 
belongs  to  a  satire  than  an  evensong  ;  he  hath  well  fitted 
Basilius  his  abilities  to  the  dance,  and  Camacho's  riches.' 

Sancho  Panza,  that  heard  all,  said,  '  The  king  is  my 
cock  ;  I  hold  with  Camacho.'  '  Well,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  *  thou  art  a  very  peasant,  and  like  them  that  cry, 
''Long  live  the  conqueror!"'  'I  know  not  who  I  am 
like,'  said  Sancho  ;  '  but  I  know  I  shall  never  get  such 
delicate  froth  out  of  Basilius  his  pottage-pots  as  I  have  out 
of  Camacho's.'  And  with  that  showed  him  the  kettle  full 
of  geese  and  hens,  and,  laying  hold  on  one,  he  fell  to  it 
merrily  and  hungerly.  And  for  Basilius'  abilities  this 
he  said  to  their  teeth  :  '  So  much  thou  art  worth  as  thou 
hast,  and  so  much  as  thou  hast  thou  art  worth.  An  old 
grandam  of  mine  was  wont  to  say  there  were  but  two 
lineages  in  the  world.  Have-much  and  Have-little  ;  and 
she  was  mightily  inclined  to  the  former  ;  and  at  this  day, 
master,  your  physician  had  rather  feel  a  having  pulse  than 
a  knowing  pulse,  and  an  ass  covered  with  gold  makes  a 


326  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

better  show  than  a  horse  with  a  pack-saddle.  So  that  I 
say  again  I  am  of  Camacho's  side,  the  scum  of  whose  pots 
are  geese,  hens,  hares,  and.  conies,  and  Basilius  his,  be  they 
near  or  far  off,  but  poor  thin  water/ 

'  Hast  thou  ended  with  thy  tediousness,  Sancho  ? '  said 
Don  Quixote.  '  I  must  end,'  said  he,  '  because  I  see 
it  offends  you  ;  for,  if  it  were  not  for  that,  I  had  work 
cut  out  for  three  days.'  '  Pray  God,  Sancho,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote,   '  that  I  may  see  thee  dumb  before  I  die.' 

*  According  to  our  Hfe,'  said  Sancho,  '  before  you  die,  I 
shall  be  mumbling  clay,  and  then  perhaps  I  shall  be  so 
dumb  that  I  shall  not  speak  a  word  till  the  end  of  the 
world,  or  at  least  till  doomsday.'  '  Although  it  should  be 
so,  Sancho,'  said  he,  '  thy  silence  will  never  be  equal  to  thy 
talking  past  and  thy  talk  to  come  ;  besides,  'tis  very  likely 
that  I  shall  die  before  thee,  and  so  I  shall  never  see  thee 
dumb, — no,  not  when  thou  drinkest  or  sleepest,  to  paint  thee 
out  thoroughly.'  '  In  good  faith,  master,'  quoth  Sancho, 
'  there  is  no  trusting  in  the  Raw-bones,  I  mean  Death,  that 
devours  lambs  as  well  as  sheep  ;  and  I  have  heard  our 
vicar  say  she  tramples  as  well  on  the  high  towers  of  kings 
as  the  humble  cottages  of  poor  men.  This  lady  hath 
more  power  than  squeamishness  ;  she  is  nothing  dainty, 
she  devours  all,  plays  at  all,  and  fills  her  wallets  with  all 
kind  of  people,  ages,  and  pre-eminences ;  she  is  no  mower 
that  sleeps  in  the  hot  weather,  but  mows  at  all  hours,  and 
cuts  as  well  the  green  grass  as  the  hay  ;  she  doth  not 
chew,  but  swallows  at  once,  and  crams  down  all  that 
comes  before  her  ;  she  hath  a  canine  appetite,  that  is  never 
satisfied  ;  and,  though  she  have  no  belly,  yet  she  may 
make  us  think  she  is  hydropsical,  with  the  thirst  she  hath 
to  drink  all  men's  lives,  as  if  it  were  a  jug  of  cold  water.' 

*  No  more,  Sancho,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  at  this  instant ; 
hold  while  thou  art  well,  and  take  heed  of  falling,  for 
certainly  thou  hast  spoken  of  Death,  in  thy  rustical  terms, 
as  much  as  a  good  preacher  might  have  spoken.  I  tell 
thee,  Sancho,  that  for  thy  natural  discretion  thou  mightst 
get  thee  a  pulpit,  and  preach  thy  fine  knacks  up  and  down 
the    world.'       '  He    preaches    well    that    lives  well,'   said 


Chap.  XXI  QUITERIA  327 

Sancho,  '  and  I  know  no  other  preaching/  '  Thou  needest 
not/  quoth  he  ;  '  but  I  wonder  at  one  thing,  that  wisdom 
beginning  from  the  fear  of  God,  that  thou,  who  fearest  a 
lizard  more  than  Him,  shouldst  be  so  wise  ? '  '  Judge 
you  of  your  knight-errantry,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  meddle 
not  with  other  men's  fears  or  valours,  for  I  am  as  pretty  a 
fearer  of  God  as  any  of  my  neighbours,  and  so  let  me 
snufF  away  this  scum  ;  ^  for  all  the  rest  are  but  idle  words, 
for  which  we  must  give  account  in  another  life.' 

And  in  so  saying  he  began  to  give  another  assault  to  the 
kettle,  with  such  a  courage  that  he  wakened  Don  Quixote, 
that  undoubtedly  would  have  taken  his  part,  if  he  had 
not  been  hindered  by  that  that  of  necessity  must  be  set 
down. 


CHAPTER  XXI 

Of  the  Prosecution  of  Camacho's  Marriage^  with  other 
Delightful  Accidents 

As  Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  were  in  their  discourse  men- 
tioned in  the  former  chapter,  they  heard  a  great  noise  and 
outcry,  which  was  caused  by  them  that  rode  on  the  mares, 
who  with  a  large  career  and  shouts  went  to  meet  the 
married  couple,  who,  hemmed  in  with  a  thousand  tricks 
and  devices,  came  in  company  of  the  vicar,  and  both  their 
kindreds,  and  all  the  better  sort  of  the  neighbouring 
towns,  all  clad  in  their  best  apparel. 

And  as  Sancho  saw  the  bride  he  said, '  In  good  faith  she 
is  not  dressed  like  a  country-wench,  but  like  one  of  your 
nice  court  dames  ;  by  the  mass,  methinks  her  glass  neck- 
laces she  should  wear  are  rich  coral,  and  her  coarse  green 
of  Cuenca  is  a  thirty-piled  velvet  ^ ;  and  her  lacing,  that 
should  be  white  linen,  I  vow  by  me  !  is  satin.  Well  look 
on  her  hands,  that  should  have  their  jet  rings  ;  let  me  not 

^  Meaning  to  eat  his  hen  and  the  goose. 
2  Instead  of  three-piled. 


328  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

thrive  if  they  be  not  golden  rings,  arrant  gold,  and  set 
with  pearls  as  white  as  a  sillabub,  each  of  them  as  precious 
as  an  eye.  Ah,  whoreson,  and  what  locks  she  hath  !  for, 
if  they  be  not  false,  I  never  saw  longer  nor  fairer  in  my 
life.  Well,  well,  find  not  fault  with  her  liveliness  and 
stature,  and  compare  her  me  to  a  date-tree,  that  bends  up 
and  down  when  it  is  loaden  with  bunches  of  dates  ;  for  so 
doth  she  with  her  trinkets  hanging  at  her  hair  and  about 
her  neck.  I  swear  by  my  soul,  she  is  a  wench  of  mettle, 
and  may  very  well  pass  the  pikes  in  Flanders.' 

Don  Quixote  laughed  at  Sancho's  rustic  praises,  and 
he  thought  that,  setting  his  mistress  Dulcinea  aside,  he 
never  saw  a  fairer  woman.  The  beauteous  Quiteria  was 
somewhat  pale,  belike,  with  the  ill  night  that  brides  always 
have  when  they  dress  themselves  for  the  next  day's 
marriage.  They  drew  near  to  a  theatre  on  one  side  of  the 
meadow  that  was  dressed  with  carpets  and  boughs,  where 
the  marriage  was  to  be  solemnised,  and  where  they  should 
behold  the  dances  and  inventions  ;  and  just  as  they  should 
come  to  the  place  they  heard  a  great  outcry  behind  them, 
and  a  voice  saying,  '  Stay  a  while,  rash  people  as  well  as 
hasty '  ;  at  whose  voice  and  words  they  all  turned  about, 
and  saw  that  he  that  spoke  was  one  clad,  to  see  to,  in  a 
black  jacket,  all  welted  with  crimson  in  flames,  crowned, 
as  they  straight  perceived,  with  a  crown  of  mournful 
cypress  ;  in  his  hand  he  had  a  great  truncheon  ;  and, 
coming  nearer,  he  was  known  by  all  to  be  the  gallant 
Basilius,  who  were  in  suspense,  expecting  what  should  be 
the  issue  of  those  cries  and  words,  fearing  some  ill  success 
from  this  so  unlooked-for  arrival.  He  drew  near,  weary 
and  out  of  breath  ;  and,  coming  before  the  married 
couple  and  clapping  his  truncheon  upon  the  ground,  which 
had  a  steel  pike  at  the  end  of  it,  his  colour  changed,  and, 
his  eyes  fixed  upon  Quiteria,  with  a  fearful  and  hollow  voice 
thus  spoke  :  '  Well  knowest  thou,  forgetful  Quiteria,  that, 
according  to  the  law  of  God  that  we  profess,  that  whilst 
I  live  thou  canst  not  be  married  to  any  other  ;  neither  are 
you  ignorant  that,  because  I  would  stay  till  time  and  my 
industry  might  better  my  fortunes,  I  would  not  break  that 


Chap.  XXI  BASILIUS'   TRICK  329 

decorum  that  was  fitting  to  the  preserving  of  thy  honesty  ; 
but  you,  forgetting  all  duty  due  to  my  virtuous  desires, 
will  make  another  master  of  what  is  mine,  whose  riches 
serve  not  only  to  make  him  happy  in  them,  but  every  way 
fortunate  ;  and,  that  he  may  be  so  to  the  full  (not  as  I 
think  he  deserves  it,  but  as  the  Fates  ordain  it  for  him),  I 
will  with  these  hands  remove  the  impossibility  or  incon- 
venience that  may  disturb  him,  removing  myself  out  of 
the  way.  Live,  rich  Camacho,  live  with  the  ungrateful 
Quiteria  many  and  prosperous  years  ;  and  let  your  poor 
Basilius  die,  whose  poverty  clipped  the  wings  of  his  happi- 
ness, and  laid  him  in  his  grave/ 

And,  saying  this,  he  laid  hold  of  his  truncheon  that  he 
had  stuck  in  the  ground,  and,  the  one-half  of  it  remaining 
still  there,  showed  that  it  served  for  a  scabbard  to  a  short 
tuck  that  was  concealed  in  it ;  and,  putting  that  which 
might  be  called  the  hilt  on  the  ground,  with  a  nimble 
spring  and  a  resolute  purpose  he  cast  himself  upon  it, 
and  in  an  instant  the  bloody  point  appeared  out  of  his 
back,  with  half  the  steel  blade,  the  poor  soul  weltering  in 
his  blood  all  along  on  the  ground,  run  thorough  with  his 
own  weapon.  His  friends  ran  presently  to  help  him, 
grieved  with  his  misery  and  miserable  hap,  and  Don 
Quixote,  forsaking  his  Rozinante,  went  also  to  help  him, 
took  him  in  his  arms,  but  found  that  as  yet  there  was  life 
in  him.  They  would  have  pulled  out  the  tuck,  but  the 
vicar,  there  present,  was  of  opinion  that  it  were  not  best, 
before  he  had  confessed  himself;  for  that  the  drawing  it 
out  and  his  death  would  be  both  at  one  instant.  But 
Basilius,  coming  a  little  to  himself,  with  a  faint  and  doleful 
voice  said,  '  If  thou  wouldst,  O  Quiteria,  yet  in  this  last 
and  forcible  trance  give  me  thy  hand  to  be  my  spouse,  I 
should  think  my  rashness  might  something  excuse  me, 
since  with  this  I  obtain  to  be  thine.'  The  vicar,  hearing 
this,  bade  him  he  should  have  a  care  of  his  soul's  health, 
rather  than  of  the  pleasures  of  his  body,  and  that  he  should 
heartily  ask  God  forgiveness  for  his  sins,  and  for  his 
desperate  action.  To  which  Basilius  replied  that  he  would 
by  no  means  confess  himself  if  Quiteria  did  not  first  give 


330  DON   QUIXOTE  Pan  II 

him  her  hand  to  be  his  spouse,  for  that  content  would 
make  him  cheerfully  confess  himself.  When  Don  Quixote 
heard  the  wounded  man's  petition  he  cried  aloud  that 
Basilius  desired  a  thing  very  just  and  reasonable,  and  that 
Signior  Camacho  would  be  as  much  honoured  in  receiving 
Quiteria,  the  worthy  Basilius  his  widow,  as  if  he  had  re- 
ceived her  from  her  father's  side  :  '  Here  is  no  more  to  do 
but  give  one  "  Ay,"  no  more  than  to  pronounce  it,  since 
the  nuptial  bed  of  this  marriage  must  be  the  grave.' 

Camacho  gave  ear  to  all  this,  and  was  much  troubled, 
not  knowing  what  to  do  or  say  ;  but  Basilius  his  friends 
were  so  earnest,  requesting  him  to  consent  that  Quiteria 
might  give  him  her  hand  to  be  his  spouse,  that  he  might 
not  endanger  his  soul  by  departing  desperately,  that  they 
moved  him  and  enforced  him  to  say  that  if  Quiteria  would 
he  was  contented,  seeing  it  was  but  deferring  his  desires  a 
minute  longer.  Then  all  of  them  came  to  Quiteria,  some 
with  entreaties,  others  with  tears,  most  with  forcible 
reasons,  and  persuaded  her  she  should  give  her  hand  to 
poor  Basilius  ;  and  she,  more  hard  than  marble,  more 
lumpish  than  a  statue,  would  not  answer  a  word,  neither 
would  she  at  all,  had  not  the  vicar  bid  her  resolve  what 
she  would  do,  for  Basilius  was  even  now  ready  to  depart, 
and  could  not  expect  her  irresolute  determination.  Then 
the  fair  Quiteria,  without  answering  a  word,  all  sad  and 
troubled,  came  where  Basilius  was  with  his  eyes  even  set, 
his  breath  failing  him,  making  show  as  if  he  would  die  like 
a  Gentile,  and  not  like  a  Christian. 

Quiteria  came  at  length,  and  upon  her  knees  made  signs 
to  have  his  hand.  Basilius  unjoined  his  eyes,  and,  looking 
steadfastly  upon  her,  said,  '  O  Quiteria !  thou  art  now 
come  to  be  pitiful,  when  thy  pity  must  be  the  sword  that 
shall  end  my  life,  since  now  I  want  force  to  receive  the 
glory  that  thou  givest  in  choosing  me  for  thine,  or  to  sus- 
pend the  dolour  that  so  hastily  closeth  up  mine  eyes  with 
the  fearful  shade  of  death.  All  I  desire  thee  is  (O  fatal 
star  of  mine  !)  that  the  hand  thou  requirest,  and  that  that 
thou  wilt  give  me,  that  it  be  not  for  fashion-sake,  nor 
once  more  to  deceive  me,  but  that  thou  confess  and  say, 


Chap.  XXI  BASILIUS'   TRICK  33 1 

without  being  forced  to  it,  that  thou  givest  me  thy  hand 
freely,  as  to  thy  lawful  spouse,  since  it  were  unmerciful  in 
this  trance  to  deceive  me,  or  to  deal  falsely  with  him  that 
hath  been  so  true  to  thee.'  In  the  midst  of  this  discourse 
he  fainted,  so  that  all  the  standers-by  thought  now  he  had 
been  gone.  Quiteria,  all  honest  and  shamefaced,  laying 
hold  with  her  right  hand  on  Basilius  his,  said  to  him, 
'  No  force  can  work  upon  my  will,  and  so  I  give  thee  the 
freest  hand  I  have,  to  be  thy  lawful  spouse,  and  receive 
thine,  if  thou  give  it  me  as  freely,  and  that  the  anguish  of 
thy  sudden  accident  do  not  too  much  trouble  thee.'  '  I 
give  it,'  said  Basilius,  '  lively  and  courageously,  with  the 
best  understanding  that  Heaven  hath  endowed  me  withal, 
and  therefore  take  me,  and  I  deliver  myself  as  thy 
espousal.'  '  And  I,'  said  Quitena,  *  as  thy  spouse,  whether 
thou  live  long,  or  whether  from  my  arms  they  carry  thee 
to  thy  grave.' 

'  This  young  man,'  said  Sancho,  '  being  so  wounded, 
talks  much  methinks ;  let  him  leave  his  wooing,  and  attend 
his  soul's  health,  which  methinks  appears  more  in  his 
tongue  than  in  his  teeth.' 

Basilius  and  Quiteria  having  their  hands  thus  fastened, 
the  vicar,  tender-hearted  and  compassionate,  poured  his 
blessing  upon  them,  and  prayed  God  to  give  good  rest  to 
the  new-married  man's  soul,  who  as  soon  as  he  received 
this  benediction  suddenly  starts  up,  and,  with  an  unlooked- 
for  agility,  drew  out  the  tuck  which  was  sheathed  in  his 
body.  AH  the  spectators  were  in  a  maze,  and  some  of 
them,  more  out  of  simplicity  than  curiosity,  began  to  cry 
out,  '  A  miracle  !  a  miracle  ! '  But  Basilius  replied,  '  No 
miracle,  no  miracle ;  but  a  trick,  a  trick.'  But  the  vicar, 
heedless  and  astonished,  came  with  both  his  hands  to  feel 
the  wound,  and  found  that  the  blade  had  neither  passed 
through  flesh  or  ribs,  but  through  a  hollow  pipe  of  iron, 
that  he  filled  with  blood,  well  fitted  in  that  place,  and,  as 
after  it  was  known,  prepared  so  that  it  could  not  congeal. 
At  last  the  vicar  and  Camacho,  and  all  the  standers-by, 
thought  that  they  were  mocked  and  made  a  laughing- 
stock.    The  bride  made  no  great  show  of  sorrow ;   rather 


332  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

when  she  heard  say  that  the  marriage  could  not  stand 
current,  because  it  was  deceitful,  she  said  that  she  anew 
confirmed  it ;  by  which  they  all  collected  that  the  business 
had  been  plotted  by  the  knowledge  and  consentment  of 
them  both.  At  which  Camacho  and  his  friends  were  so 
abashed  that  they  remitted  their  revenge  to  their  hands, 
and,  unsheathing  many  swords,  they  set  upon  Basilius,  in 
whose  favour  in  an  instant  there  were  as  many  more 
drawn  ;  and  Don  Quixote,  taking  the  vanguard  on  horse- 
back, with  his  lance  at  his  rest,  and  well  covered  with 
his  shield,  made  way  through  'em  all.  Sancho,  whom 
such  fears  did  never  please  or  solace,  ran  to  the  pottage- 
pot  from  whence  he  had  gotten  the  skimmings,  thinking 
that  to  be  a  sanctuary,  and  so  to  be  respected.  Don 
Quixote  cried  aloud,  '  Hold,  hold,  sirs ;  for  there  is  no 
reason  that  you  should  take  revenge  for  the  wrongs  that 
love  doth  us ;  and  observe  that  love  and  war  are  all 
one ;  and,  as  in  war  it  is  lawful  to  use  sleights  and  strata- 
gems to  overcome  the  enemy,  so,  in  amorous  strifes  and 
competencies,  impostures  and  juggling-tricks  are  held  for 
good,  to  attain  to  the  wished  end,  so  it  be  not  in  prejudice 
and  dishonour  of  the  thing  affected.  Quiteria  was  due  to 
Basilius,  and  Basilius  to  Quiteria,  by  the  just  and  favourable 
inclination  of  Heaven.  Camacho  is  rich,  and  may  purchase 
his  delight,  and  whom  God  hath  joined  let  no  man  separate. 
Basilius  hath  but  this  one  sheep  ;  let  none  offer  to  take  it 
from  him,  be  he  never  so  powerful ;  he  that  first  attempts 
it  must  first  pass  through  the  point  of  this  lance.'  At 
which  he  shaked  his  lance  strongly  and  cunningly,  that  he 
frighted  all  that  knew  him  not. 

But  Quiteria's  disdain  was  so  inwardly  fixed  in  Camacho's 
heart  that  he  forgot  her  in  an  instant ;  so  that  the  vicar's 
persuasions  prevailed  with  him  (who  was  a  good,  discreet, 
and  honest-minded  man),  by  which  Camacho  and  his 
complices  were  pacified  and  quieted,  in  sign  of  which  they 
put  up  their  swords,  rather  blaming  Quiteria's  facility  than 
Basilius  his  industry.  Camacho  framed  this  discourse  to 
himself, — that  if  Quiteria  loved  Basilius  when  she  was  a 
maid  she  would  also  have  continued  her  love  to  him  though 


Chap.  XXII  BASILIUS'   TRICK  333 

she  had  been  his  wife,  so  that  he  ought  to  give  God  thanks 
rather  for  having  ridden  him  of  her  than  to  have  given  her 
to  him. 

Camacho,  then,  and  those  of  his  crew  being  comforted 
and  pacified,  all  Basilius  his  likewise  were  so ;  and  Camacho, 
to  show  that  he  stomached  not  the  jest,  nor  cared  for  it, 
was  willing  the  feast  should  go  forward,  as  if  he  had  been 
really  married.  But  neither  Basilius,  nor  his  spouse,  nor 
their  followers  would  stay,  but  went  to  Basilius  his  town  ; 
for  your  poor  that  be  virtuous  and  discreet  have  as  well 
those  that  will  follow,  honour,  and  uphold  them,  as  the 
rich  theirs,  and  such  as  will  flatter  them.  Don  Quixote 
went  with  them  too,  for  they  esteemed  him  to  be  a  man  of 
worth  and  valour  ;  but  Sancho^s  mind  was  in  a  mist  to  see 
that  it  was  impossible  for  him  to  stay  for  Camacho*s 
sumptuous  feast  and  sports  that  lasted  till  the  evening  ;  so 
that  straitened  and  sorrowful  he  followed  on  with  his 
master  that  went  in  Basilius  his  squadron,  and  thus  left 
behind  him  those  flesh-pots  of  Egypt,  though  he  bore 
them  with  him  in  his  mind,  whose  scum  which  he  carried 
in  the  kettle,  being  consumed  now  and  ended,  represented 
unto  him  the  glorious  and  abundant  happiness  he  lost  ;  so 
that  all  sad  and  sorrowful,  though  hungerless,  without 
alighting  from  Dapple,  he  followed  Rozinante's  track. 


CHAPTER  XXII 

Of  the  Famous  Adventure  of  Montesinos'  Cave^  which  is  in 
the  Heart  of  Mancha^  which  the  Valorous  Don  Quixote 
happily  accomplished 

The  married  couple  made  wonderful  much  of  Don 
Quixote,  obliged  thereunto  for  the  willingness  he  showed 
to  defend  their  cause,  and  with  his  valour  they  paralleled 
his  discretion,  accounting  him  a  Cid  in  arms  and  a  Cicero 
in  eloquence.     The  good  Sancho  recreated  himself  three 


334  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

days  at  the  bridegroom's  charge,  and  now  knew  that 
Quiteria  knew  nothing  of  the  feigned  wounding,  but  that 
it  was  a  trick  of  Basilius,  who  hoped  for  the  success  that 
hath  been  showed.  True  it  was  that  he  had  made  some 
of  his  loving  friends  acquainted  with  his  purpose,  that 
they  might  help  him  at  need,  and  make  good  his  deceit. 

'  They  cannot  be  called  deceits,'  quoth  Don  Quixote, 
'  that  are  done  to  a  virtuous  end,  and  that  the  marriage 
of  a  loving  couple  was  an  end  most  excellent.  But,  by 
the  way,  you  must  know  that  the  greatest  opposite  that 
love  hath  is  want  and  continual  necessity  ;  for  love  is  all 
mirth,  content,  and  gladsomeness,  and  the  more  when  he 
that  loves  enjoys  the  thing  loved,  against  which  necessity 
and  poverty  are  open  and  declared  enemies.'  All  this  he 
spoke  with  a  purpose  to  advise  Basilius  that  he  should 
leave  exercising  his  youthful  abilities  ;  that,  although  they 
got  him  a  name,  yet  they  brought  no  wealth  ;  and  that 
he  should  look  to  lay  up  something  now  by  lav/ful  and 
industrious  means,  which  are  never  wanting  to  those  that 
will  be  wary  and  apply  themselves.  '  The  honest  poor 
man,  if  so  be  the  poor  man  may  be  called  honest,  hath  a 
jewel  of  a  fair  woman,  which  if  any  man  bereave  him  of, 
dishonours  him  and  kills  her.  She  that  is  fair  and  honest 
when  her  husband  is  poor  deserves  to  be  crowned  with 
laurel  and  triumphant  bays.  Beauty  alone  attracts  the 
eyes  of  all  that  behold  it,  and  the  princely  eagles  and 
high-flying  birds  do  stoop  to  it  as  to  the  pleasing  lure  ; 
but,  if  extreme  necessity  be  added  to  that  beauty,  then 
kites  and  crows  will  grapple  with  it,  and  other  ravenous 
birds  ;  but  she  that  is  constant  against  all  these  assaults 
doth  well  deserve  to  be  her  husband's  crown.  Mark,  wise 
Basilius,'  proceeds  Don  Quixote,  '  it  was  an  opinion  of  I 
know  not  what  sage  man,  that  there  was  but  one  good 
woman  in  the  world  ;  and  his  advice  was  that  every  man 
should  think,  that  was  married,  that  his  wife  was  she,  and 
so  he  should  be  sure  to  live  contented.  I  never  yet  was 
married,  neither  have  I  any  thought  hitherto  that  way  ; 
notwithstanding,  I  could  be  able  to  give  any  man  counsel 
herein  that  should  ask  it,  and  how  he  should  choose  his 


Chap.  XXII  ON   MARRIAGE  335 

wife.  First  of  all  I  would  have  him  rather  respect  fame 
than  wealth ;  for  the  honest  woman  gets  not  a  good  name 
only  with  being  good,  but  in  appearing  so  ;  for  your 
public  looseness  and  liberty  doth  more  prejudice  a 
woman's  honesty  than  her  sinning  secretly.  If  you  bring 
her  honest  to  your  house,  'tis  easy  keeping  her  so,  and  to 
better  her  in  that  goodness  ;  but  if  you  bring  her  dis- 
honest, 'tis  hard  mending  her,  for  it  is  not  very  pliable  to 
pass  from  one  extreme  into  another, — I  say  not  impossible, 
but  I  hold  it  to  be  very  difficult.' 

Sancho  heard  all  this,  and  said  to  himself,  '  This  master 
of  mine,  when  I  speak  matters  of  marrow  and  substance, 
is  wont  to  tell  me  that  I  may  take  a  pulpit  in  hand,  and 
preach  my  fine  knacks  up  and  down  the  world  ;  but  I 
may  say  of  him  that  when  he  once  begins  to  thread  his 
sentences  he  may  not  only  take  a  pulpit  in  hand,  but  in 
each  finger  too,  and  go  up  and  down  the  market-place,  and 
cry,  ''Who  buys  my  ware  V  The  devil  take  thee  for  a 
knight-errant,  how  wise  he  is  !  On  my  soul,  I  thought 
he  had  known  only  what  belonged  to  his  knight-errantry ; 
but  he  snaps  at  all,  and  there  is  no  boat  that  he  hath  not 
an  oar  in.' 

Sancho  spoke  this  somewhat  aloud,  and  his  master  over- 
heard him,  and  asked,  '  What  is  that  thou  art  grumbling, 
Sancho  ?'  'I  say  nothing,  neither  do  I  grumble,'  quoth 
he  ;  'I  was  only  saying  to  myself  that  I  would  I  had 
heard  you  before  I  was  married,  and  perhaps  I  might  now 
have  said,  "  The  sound  man  needs  no  physician."  '  '  Is 
Teresa  so  bad,  Sancho  ? '  said  Don  Quixote.  '  Not  very 
bad,'  said  Sancho,  '  and  yet  not  very  good — at  least,  not 
so  good  as  I  would  have  her.'  '  Thou  dost  ill,  Sancho,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  to  speak  ill  of  thy  wife,  who  is  indeed 
mother  of  thy  children.'  '  There's  no  love  lost,'  quoth 
Sancho, '  for  she  speaks  ill  of  me  too  when  she  list,  especially 
when  she  is  jealous  ;  for  then  the  devil  himself  will  not 
cope  with  her.' 

Well,  three  days  they  stayed  with  the  married  couple, 
where  they  were  welcomed  like  princes.  Don  Quixote 
desired  the  skilful  parson  to   provide   him  a  guide  that 


336  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

might  show  him  the  way  to  Montesinos'  Cave,  for  he  had 
a  great  desire  to  enter  into  it,  and  to  see  with  his  own 
eyes  if  those  wonders  that  were  told  of  it  up  and  down  the 
country  were  true.  The  parson  told  him  that  a  cousin- 
german  of  his,  a  famous  student  and  much  addicted  to 
books  of  knighthood,  should  go  with  him,  who  should 
willingly  carry  him  to  the  mouth  of  the  cave,  and  should 
show  the  famous  lake  of  Ruydera,  telling  him  he  would 
be  very  good  company  for  him,  by  reason  he  was  one  that 
knew  how  to  publish  books  and  direct  them  to  great  men. 
By  and  by  the  young  student  comes  me  upon  an  ass  with 
foal,  with  a  coarse  packing-cloth  or  doubled  carpet  upon 
his  pack-saddle.  Sancho  saddled  Rozinante,  and  made 
ready  his  Dapple,  furnished  his  wallets,  and  carried  the 
student's  too,  as  well  provided  ;  and  so  taking  leave  and 
bidding  all  God  be  with  you,  they  went  on,  holding  their 
course  to  Montesinos'  Cave.  By  the  way  Don  Quixote 
asked  the  scholar  of  what  kind  or  quality  the  exercises  of 
his  profession  and  study  were.  To  which  he  answered 
that  his  profession  was  humanity,  his  exercises  and  study 
to  make  books  for  the  press,  which  were  very  beneficial  to 
himself  and  no  less  grateful  to  the  commonwealth  ;  that 
one  of  his  books  was  intituled  T^he  Book  of  the  Liveries^ 
^  where  are  set  down  seven  hundred  and  three  sorts  of 
liveries,  with  their  colours,  mottoes,  and  ciphers,  from 
whence  any  may  be  taken  at  festival  times  and  shows  by 
courtiers,  without  begging  them  from  anybody,  or  distil- 
ling, as  you  would  say,  from  their  own  brains  to  suit  them 
to  their  desires  and  intentions  ;  for  I  give  to  the  jealous, 
to  the  forsaken,  to  the  forgotten,  to  the  absent,  the  most 
agreeable,  that  will  fit  them  as  well  as  their  punks. 
Another  book  I  have,  which  I  mean  to  call  the  Meta- 
morphosis^ or  Spanish  Ovid,  of  a  new  and  rare  invention  ; 
for,  imitating  Ovid  in  it,  by  way  of  mocking,  I  show  who 
the  Giralda  of  Seville  was,  the  Angel  of  the  Magdalena, 
who  was  the  pipe  of  Vecinguerra  of  Cordova,  who  the 
bulls  of  Guisando,  Sierra  Morena,  the  springs  of  Leganitos 
and  Lavapies  in  Madrid  ^  ;  not  forgetting  that  of  Pioio, 

^All  these  several  rarities  of  Spain. 


Chap.  XXII  THE   SCHOLAR  337 

that  of  the  gilded  pipe  and  of  the  abbess  ;  and  all  this  with 
the  allegories,  metaphors,  and  translations,  that  they 
delight,  suspend,  and  instruct  all  in  a  moment.  Another 
book  I  have,  which  I  call  a  Supply  to  Polydore  Virgil, 
concerning  the  invention  of  things,  which  is  of  great 
reading  and  study,  by  reason  that  I  do  verify  many 
matters  of  weight  that  Polydore  omitted,  and  declare  them 
in  a  very  pleasing  style.  Virgil  forgot  to  tell  us  who  was 
the  first  that  had  a  catarrh  in  the  world,  and  the  first  that 
was  anointed  for  the  French  disease,  and  I  set  it  down 
presently  after  I  propose  it,  and  authorise  it  with  at  least 
four-and-twenty  writers,  that  you  may  see  whether  I  have 
taken  good  pains,  and  whether  the  said  book  may  not  be 
profitable  to  the  world.' 

Sancho,  that  was  very  attentive  to  the  scholar's  narra- 
tion, asked  him,  '  Tell  me,  sir,  so  God  direct  your  right 
hand  in  the  impression  of  your  books, — can  you  tell  me 
(for  I.  know  you  can,  since  you  know  all)  who  was  the 
first  man  that  scratched  his  head,  for  I  believe  it  was  our  first 
father  Adam  ^ '  '  Yes,  marry,  was  it,'  said  he  ;  '  for 
Adam,  no  doubt,  had  both  head  and  hair,  and,  being  the 
first  man  in  the  world,  would  sometimes  scratch  himself.' 
'  I  believe  it,'  quoth  Sancho  ;  but  tell  me  now,  who  was 
the  first  vaulter  in  the  world  ? '  '  Truly,  brother,'  said  he, 
'  I  cannot  at  present  resolve  you  ;  I  will  study  it  when  I 
come  to  my  books,  and  then  I'll  satisfy  you  when  we  see 
one  another  again  ;  for  I  hope  this  will  not  be  the  last 
time.'  '  Well,  sir,'  said  Sancho,  '  never  trouble  yourself 
with  this,  for  now  I  can  resolve  the  doubt  :  know  that  the 
first  tumbler  in  the  world  was  Lucifer,  when  he  was  cast 
out  of  heaven,  and  came  tumbling  down  to  hell.'  *  You 
say  true,'  quoth  the  scholar.  And  Don  Quixote  said, 
'  This  answer,  Sancho,  is  none  of  thine  ;  thou  hast  heard 
somebody  say  so.'  *  Peace,  sir,'  quoth  Sancho,  *  for,  if  I 
fall  to  question  and  answer,  I  shall  not  make  an  end 
between  this  and  morning  ;  and  to  ask  foolish  questions, 
and  answer  unlikelihoods,  I  want  no  help  of  my  neigh- 
bours.' '  Thou  hast  spoken  more,  Sancho,  than  thou 
thinkest  for,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  *  for  you  have  some 

II.  Y 


33^  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

that  are  most  busied  in  knowing  and  averring  things, 
whose  knowledge  and  remembrance  is  not  worth  a 
button/ 

All  that  day  they  passed  in  these  and  other  delightful 
discourses,  and  at  night  they  lodged  in  a  little  village,  from 
whence  the  scholar  told  them  they  had  but  two  little 
leagues  to  Montesinos'  Cave,  and  that  if  he  meant  to  enter 
it  he  must  be  provided  of  ropes  to  tie  and  let  himself 
down  into  the  depth.  Don  Quixote  said  that,  though  it 
were  as  deep  as  hell,  he  would  see  whither  it  reached  ;  so 
they  bought  an  hundred  fathom  of  cordage,  and  the  next 
day  at  two  of  the  clock  they  came  to  the  cave,  whose 
mouth  is  wide  and  spacious,  but  full  of  briars  and 
brambles,  and  wild  fig-trees,  and  weeds  so  intricate  and 
thick  that  they  altogether  blind  and  dam  it  up.  When 
they  came  to  it,  Sancho  and  the  scholar  alighted,  and  Don 
Quixote  whom  they  tied  strongly  with  the  cordage  ;  and, 
whilst  they  were  swathing  and  binding  of  him,  Sancho  said 
to  him,  '  Take  heed,  sir,  what  you  do  ;  do  not  bury  your- 
self alive,  and  do  not  hang  yourself,  like  a  bottle  to  be 
cooled  in  some  well,  for  it  neither  concerns  nor  belongs  to 
you  to  search  this  place,  worse  than  a  dungeon.'  *  Bind 
me  and  peace,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  such  an  enter- 
prise as  this,  Sancho,  was  reserved  for  me.'  Then  said  the 
guide,  '  I  beseech  you,  Signior  Don  Quixote,  that  you  take 
heed,  and  look  about  you  with  an  hundred  eyes,  to  see 
what  is  within  ;  for  perhaps  you  may  meet  with  things 
that  will  be  fit  for  me  to  put  in  my  book  of  Transforma- 
tions.' *  He  hath  his  instrument  in  his  hand,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  that  knows  how  to  use  it.' 

This  said,  and  Don  Quixote's  binding  ended,  which  was 
not  upon  his  harness,  but  upon  his  arming-doublet,  he 
said,  '  We  did  unadvisedly  in  not  providing  ourselves  of 
some  small  bell,  that  might  have  been  tied  with  me  to  the 
same  cord,  by  whose  sound  you  might  know  that  I  were 
still  toward  the  bottom  and  alive  ;  but,  since  there  is  now 
no  remedy,  God  be  our  good  speed  ! '  And  straight  he 
kneeled  upon  his  knees,  and  made  a  soft  prayer  to  God 
Almighty,  desiring  His  aid,  and  to  give  him  good  success 


Chap.  XXII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  339 

in  that  (to  see  to)  dangerous  and  strange  adventure  ;  and 
then  straightways  he  cried  aloud,  '  O  thou  mistress  of  my 
actions  and  motions,  most  excellent,  peerless  Dulcinea  del 
Toboso  !  if  it  be  possible  that  the  prayers  and  requests  of 
this  thy  happy  lover  come  to  thine  ears,  hearken,  I 
beseech  thee,  by  thy  unheard-of  beauty  ;  deny  not  now 
unto  me  thy  favour  and  protection,  which  I  so  much 
need.  I  go  to  cast  myself  headlong  to  a  plunge,  and  sink 
myself  into  the  abyssus  that  presents  itself  to  me,  that  the 
world  may  know  that  if  thou  favour  me  there  shall  be 
nothing  impossible  for  me  to  undergo  and  end.' 

And  in  saying  this  he  came  to  the  mouth,  but  saw  he 
could  not  come  near  to  be  let  down,  except  it  were  by 
making  way  with  main  force,  or  with  cutting  through  ; 
and  so,  laying  hand  on  his  sword,  he  began  to  cut  and 
slash  the  weeds  that  were  at  the  mouth  of  the  cave,  at 
whose  rushing  and  noise  there  came  out  an  infinite  com- 
pany of  crows  and  daws,  so  thick  and  so  hastily  that  they 
tumbled  Don  Quixote  on  the  ground  ;  and,  if  he  had 
been  as  superstitious  as  good  Christian,  he  would  have 
taken  it  for  an  ill  sign,  and  not  have  proceeded. 

Well,  he  rose,  and  seeing  the  crows  were  all  gone,  and 
that  there  were  no  other  night-birds,  as  bats,  that  came 
out  amongst  the  crows,  Sancho  and  the  scholar  let  him 
down  to  search  the  bottom  of  that  fearful  cave  ;  but  Sancho 
first  bestowed  his  benediction  on  him,  and,  making  a 
thousand  crosses  over  him,  said,  '  God  and  the  Rock  of 
France,  together  with  the  Trinity  of  Gaeta,^  guide  thee, 
thou  flower,  cream,  and  scum  of^  knights-errant.  There 
thou  goest,  hackster  of  the  world,  heart  of  steel,  and  arms 
of  brass  ;  God  again  be  thy  guide,  and  deliver  thee  sound 
and  without  scar  to  the  light  of  this  world  which  thou 
leavest,  to  bury  thyself  in  the  obscurity  which  thou 
seekest.' 

The  scholar  did,  as  it  were,  make  the  same  kind  of 
wishes  and  deprecations.  Don  Quixote  cried  out  that 
they  should  yet  give  him  more  rope,  which  they  gave  by 
little  and  little  ;  and  when  his  voice,  that  was  stopt  in  the 

^  Several  places  of  devotion. 


340  DON    QUIXOTE  Part  II 

gutters  of  the  cave,  could  be  no  longer  heard,  and  that 
they  had  let  down  their  hundred  fathom  of  rope,  they 
were  of  opinion  to  hoist  him  up  again,  since  they  could 
give  him  no  more  cord  ;  for  all  that,  they  stayed  some 
half  an  hour,  and  then  began  easily  to  draw  up  the  rope, 
and  without  any  weight,  which  made  them  think  Don 
Quixote  was  within ;  and  Sancho  believing  it  wept  bitterly, 
and  drew  up  apace,  that  he  might  be  satisfied ;  but,  coming 
somewhat  near  fourscore  fathom,  they  felt  a  weight,  which 
made  them  very  much  rejoice.  At  length,  when  they 
came  to  ten,  they  plainly  saw  Don  Quixote,  to  whom 
Sancho  cried  out,  saying,  '  You  are  well  returned,  sir,  for 
we  thought  you  had  stayed  there  for  breed.' 

But  Don  Quixote  did  not  answer  a  word,  but,  drawing 
him  altogether  out,  they  saw  that  his  eyes  were  shut,  as  if 
he  were  asleep ;  they  stretched  him  on  the  ground  and 
unbound  him,  and  for  all  this  he  awaked  not.  But  they  so 
turned,  tossed,  and  shaked  him  that  a  pretty  while  after  he 
came  to  himself,  lazing  himself,  as  if  he  had  wakened  out 
of  a  great  and  profound  sleep,  and,  looking  wildly  around 
about  him,  said,  'God  forgive  you,  friends,  for  you  have 
raised  me  from  one  of  the  delicatest  and  pleasingest  lives  and 
sights  that  ever  was  seen  by  human  eye.  Now  at  length 
I  perceive  that  all  the  delights  of  this  world  do  pass  like 
a  shadow  or  dream,  or  wither  like  a  flower  of  the  field. 
O  unhappy  Montesinos!  O  ill-wounded  Durandarte ! 
O  luckless  Belerma!  O  mournful  Guadiana!  and  you, 
unfortunate  daughters  of  Ruydera,  that  show  by  your 
waters  those  your  fair  eyes  wept !  ' 

The  scholar  and  Sancho  gave  ear  to  these  words  which 
Don  Quixote  spake,  as  if  with  great  pain  they  came  from 
his  very  entrails  ;  they  desired  him  to  let  them  know  his 
meaning,  and  to  tell  them  what  he  had  seen  in  that  hellish 
place.  '  Hellish,  call  ye  it  ? '  said  Don  Quixote.  '  Well, 
call  it  not  so,  for  it  deserves  not  the  name,  as  straight  you 
shall  hear.'  He  desired  them  to  give  him  somewhat  to 
eat,  for  he  was  exceeding  hungry.  They  laid  the  scholar's 
coarse  wrapper  upon  the  green  grass,  and  went  to  the 
spence  of  their  wallets ;  and,  all  three  of  them  being  set 


Chap.  XXIII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  341 

like  good  fellows,  eat  their  bever,  and  supped  all  together. 
The  cloth  taken  up,  Don  Quixote  said,  '  Sit  still,  ho !  let 
none  of  you  rise,  and  mark  me  attentively.' 


CHAPTER  XXIII 

Of  the  Admirable  'Things  that  the  Unparalleled  Don  ^ixote 
recounted,  which  he  had  seen  in  Montesinos'  Profound 
Cave,  whose  Strangeness  and  Impossibility  makes  this 
Chapter  be  held  for  Apocrypha 

It  was  well  toward  four  of  the  clock,  when  the  sun, 
covered  between  two  clouds,  showed  but  a  dim  light, 
and  with  his  temperate  beams  gave  Don  Quixote  leave, 
without  heat  or  trouble,  to  relate  to  his  two  conspicuous 
auditors  what  he  had  seen  in  Montesinos'  Cave ;  and  he 
began  as  foUoweth : 

*  About  a  twelve  or  fourteen  men's  heights  in  the 
profundity  of  this  dungeon,  on  the  right  hand,  there  is 
a  concavity  and  space  able  to  contain  a  cart,  mules  and 
all ;  some  light  there  comes  into  it  by  certain  chinks  and 
loopholes,  which  answer  to  it  afar  off  in  the  superficies  of 
the  earth.  This  space  and  concavity  saw  I,  when  I  was 
weary  and  angry  to  see  myself  hanging  by  the  rope,  to  go 
down  to  that  obscure  region,  without  being  carried  a  sure 
or  known  way ;  so  I  determined  to  enter  into  it,  and  to 
rest  a  little.  I  cried  out  unto  you,  that  you  should  let 
down  no  more  rope  till  I  bade  you,  but  it  seemed  you 
heard  me  not;  I  went  gathering  up  the  rope  you  let  down 
to  me,  and,  rolling  of  it  up  into  a  heap,  sat  me  down 
upon  it  very  pensative,  thinking  with  myself  what  I  might 
do  to  get  to  the  bottom;  and,  being  in  this  thought  and 
confusion,  upon  a  sudden,  without  any  former  inclination 
in  me,  a  most  profound  sleep  came  upon  me,  and  when  I 
least  thought  of  it,  without  knowing  how,  nor  which  way, 
I  awaked  out  of  it,  and  found  myself  in  the  midst  of  the 


342  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

fairest,  most  pleasant,  and  delightful  meadow  that  ever 
Nature  created,  or  the  wisest  human  discretion  can 
imagine,  I  snuffed  mine  eyes,  wiped  them,  and  saw 
that  I  was  not  asleep,  but  really  awake  ;  notwithstand- 
ing, I  felt  upon  my  head  and  my  breast,  to  be  assured  if  I 
were  there  myself  or  up  in  person,  or  that  it  were  some 
illusion  or  counterfeit ;  but  my  touching,  feeling,  and  my 
reasonable  discourse  that  I  made  to  myself  certified  me 
that  I  was  then  present,  the  same  that  I  am  now.  By  and 
by  I  saw  a  princely  and  sumptuous  palace  or  castle,  whose 
walls  and  battlements  seemed  to  be  made  of  transparent 
crystal,  from  whence,  upon  the  opening  of  two  great  gates, 
I  saw  that  there  came  towards  me  a  reverend  old  man,  clad 
in  a  tawny  baize  frock,  that  he  dragged  upon  the  ground  ; 
over  his  shoulders  and  breast  he  wore  a  tippet  of  green 
satin,  like  your  fellows  of  colleges,  and  upon  his  cap  a 
black  Milan  bonnet,  and  his  hoary  beard  reached  down  to 
his  girdle.  He  had  no  kind  of  weapon  in  his  hand,  but 
only  a  rosary  of  beads,  somewhat  bigger  than  reasonable 
walnuts,  and  the  credo-beads  about  the  bigness  of  ostrich- 
eggs  ;  his  countenance,  pace,  gravity,  and  his  spreading 
presence,  each  thing  by  itself,  and  altogether,  suspended 
and  admired.  He  came  to  me,  and  the  first  thing  he  did 
was  to  embrace  me  straitly,  and  forthwith  said  :  *'  It  is 
long  since,  renowned  knight,  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha, 
that  we  who  live  in  these  enchanted  deserts  have  hoped  to 
see  thee,  that  thou  mightest  let  the  world  know  what  is 
contained  here,  and  enclosed  in  this  profound  cave  which 
thou  hast  entered,  called  Montesinos'  Cave  ;  an  exploit 
reserved  only  to  be  attempted  by  thy  invincible  heart  and 
stupendious  courage.  Come  with  me,  thou  most  illus- 
trious knight,  for  I  will  show  thee  the  wonders  that  this 
transparent  castle  doth  conceal,  of  which  I  am  the  governor 
and  perpetual  chief  warder,  as  being  the  same  Montesinos 
from  whom  the  cave  takes  name."  Scarce  had  he  told 
me  that  he  was  Montesinos,  when  I  asked  him  whether  it 
were  true  that  was  bruited  here  in  the  world  above,  that  he 
had  taken  his  great  friend  Durandarte's  heart  out  of  the 
midst  of  his  bosom  with  a  little  dagger,  and  carried  it  to 


Chap.  XXIII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  343 

the  Lady  Belerma,  as  he  willed  at  the  instant  of  his  death. 
He  answered  me  that  all  was  true,  but  only  that  of  the 
dagger  ;  for  it  was  no  dagger,  but  a  little  stiletto  as  sharp 
as  a  nawL* 

*  Belike,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  it  was  of  Ramon  de  Hozes 
the  Sevillian's  making.'  '  I  know  not,'  said  Don  Quixote ; 
'  but  'twas  not  of  that  stiletto-maker,  for  he  lived  but  the 
other  day,  and  that  battle  of  Roncesvalles,  where  this 
accident  happened,  was  many  years  since.  But  this  aver- 
ring is  of  no  importance  or  let,  neither  alters  the  truth,  or 
story's  text.'  '  You  say  right,'  quoth  the  scholar,  ^  for  I 
hearken  with  the  greatest  delight  in  the  world.' 

'  With  no  less  do  I  tell  it  you,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  and 
proceed.  The  venerable  Montesinos  brought  me  into  the 
crystalline  palace,  where  in  a  low  hall,  exceeding  fresh 
and  cool,  all  of  alabaster,  was  a  great  sepulchre  of 
marble,  made  with  singular  art,  upon  which  I  saw  a 
knight  laid  at  length,  not  of  brass,  marble,  or  jasper, 
as  you  use  to  have  in  other  tombs,  but  of  pure  flesh 
and  bone  ;  he  held  his  right  hand  (which  was  somewhat 
hairy  and  sinewy,  a  sign  that  the  owner  was  very  strong) 
upon  his  heart  side ;  and  before  I  asked  Montesinos 
aught,  that  saw  me  in  suspense,  beholding  the  tomb, 
he  said  :  "  This  is  my  friend  Durandarte,  the  flower  and 
mirror  of  chivalry,  of  the  enamoured  and  valiant  knights 
of  his  time  ;  he  is  kept  here  enchanted,  as  myself  and 
many  more  knights  and  ladies  are,  by  Merlin,  that  French 
enchanter  who,  they  say,^  was  son  to  the  devil ;  but,  as  I 
believe,  he  was  not  so,  only  he  knew  more  than  the  devil. 
Why  or  how  he  enchanted  us,  nobody  knows,  which  the 
times  will  bring  to  light,  that  I  hope  are  not  far  off ;  all 
that  I  admire  is,  since  I  know  for  certain,  as  it  is  now  day, 
that  Durandarte  died  in  my  arms,  and  that  after  he  was 
dead  I  took  out  his  heart  (and  surely  it  weighed  above  two 
pounds ;  for,  according  to  natural  philosophy,  he  that  hath 
the  biggest  heart  is  more  vaHant  than  he  that  hath  but  a 
less),  which  being  so,  and  that  this  knight  died  really  how 
he  complains  and  sighs  sometimes  as  if  he  were  alive." 

^For  so  I  translate  it,  to  show  the  author's  mistake. 


344  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

Which  said,  the  wretched  Durandarte,  crying  out  aloud, 
said,  *'  O  my  cousin  Montesinos,  the  last  thing  that  I 
requested  you  when  I  was  dying,  and  my  soul  departing, 
was  that  you  would  carry  my  heart  to  Belerma,  taking  it  out 
of  my  bosom,  either  with  poniard  or  dagger.'*  Which  when 
the  venerable  Montesinos  heard,  he  kneeled  before  the 
grieved  knight,  and  with  tears  in  his  eyes  said,  "  Long 
since,  O  Durandarte,  long  since,  my  dearest  cousin,  I  did 
what  you  enjoined  me  in  that  bitter  day  of  our  loss.  I 
took  your  heart,  as  well  as  I  could,  without  leaving  the 
least  part  of  it  in  your  breast  ;  I  wiped  it  with  a  laced 
handkerchief,  and  posted  with  it  towards  France,  having 
first  laid  you  in  the  bosom  of  the  earth,  with  so  many  tears 
as  was  sufficient  to  wash  my  hands,  or  to  wipe  off  the  blood 
from  them  which  I  had  gotten  by  stirring  them  in  your 
entrails  ;  and,  for  more  assurance  that  I  did  it,  my  dearest 
cousin,  at  the  first  place  I  came  to  from  Roncesvalles,  I  cast 
salt  upon  your  heart,  that  it  might  not  stink,  and  might  be 
fresh  and  embalmed  when  it  should  come  to  the  presence 
of  the  Lady  Belerma,  who  with  you  and  me,  Guadiana 
your  squire,  the  waiting-woman  Ruydera,  and  her  seven 
daughters,  and  her  two  nieces,  and  many  other  of  your 
acquaintances  and  friends,  have  been  enchanted  here  by 
Merlin,  that  wizard,  long  since  ;  and,  though  it  be  above 
five  hundred  years  ago,  yet  none  of  us  is  dead  ;  only 
Ruydera,  her  daughters  and  nieces  are  wanting,  whom,  by 
reason  of  their  lamentation.  Merlin,  that  had  compassion 
on  them,  turned  them  into  so  many  lakes  now  living  in  the 
world  ;  and  in  the  province  of  Mancha  they  are  called  the 
lakes  of  Ruydera  ;  seven  belong  to  the  Kings  of  Spain,  and 
the  two  nieces  to  the  Knights  of  the  most  Holy  Order  of 
Saint  John.  Guadiana  your  squire,  wailing  in  like  manner 
this  mishap,  was  turned  into  a  river  that  bore  his  own 
name,  who,  when  he  came  to  the  superficies  of  the  earth, 
and  saw  the  sun  in  another  heaven,  such  was  his  grief  to 
have  left  you  that  he  straight  plunged  himself  into  the 
entrails  of  the  earth  ;  but,  as  it  is  not  possible  for  him  to 
leave  his  natural  current,  sometimes  he  appears  and  shows 
himself  where  the  sun  and  men  may  see  him.     The  afore- 


Chap.  XXIII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  345 

said  lakes  do  minister  their  waters  to  him,  with  which, 
and  many  others,  he  enters  Portugal  in  pomp ;  but, 
which  way  soe'er  he  goes,  he  shows  his  sorrow  and 
melancholy,  and  contemns  the  breeding  of  dainty  fish 
in  his  waters  and  such  as  are  esteemed,  but  only  muddy 
and  unsavoury,  far  differing  from  those  of  golden  Tagus. 
And  what  I  now  tell  you,  cousin  mine,  I  have  told  you 
often,  and,  since  you  answer  me  nothing,  I  imagine 
you  either  believe  me  not,  or  not  hear  me,  for  which 
God  knows  I  am  heartily  sorry.  One  news  I  will  let 
you  know,  which,  though  perhaps  it  may  not  any  way 
lighten  your  grief,  yet  it  will  no  way  increase  it.  Know 
that  you  have  here  in  your  presence — open  your  eyes  and 
you  shall  see  him — that  famous  knight  of  whom  Merlin 
prophesied  such  great  matters,  that  Don  Quixote  de  la 
Mancha,  I  say,  that  now  newly,  and  more  happily  than 
former  ages,  hath  raised  the  long-forgotten  knight-errantry, 
by  whose  means  and  favour  it  may  be  that  we  also  may  be 
disenchanted ;  for  great  exploits  are  reserved  for  great 
personages.''  "And  if  it  be  otherwise,"  answered  the 
grieved  Durandarte,  with  a  faint  and  low  voice,  ''if  it  be 
otherwise,  O  cousin,  I  say,  patience  and  shuffle";^  and, 
turning  on  one  side,  he  returned  to  his  accustomed 
silence,  without  speaking  one  word. 

'  By  this  we  heard  great  howling  and  moan,  accompanied 
with  deep  sighs  and  short-breathed  accents  :  I  turned  me 
about  and  saw  that  in  another  room  there  came  passing  by 
the  crystal  waters  a  procession  of  a  company  of  most 
beautiful  damsels,  in  two  ranks,  all  clad  in  mourning, 
with  turbants  upon  their  heads,  after  the  Turkish  fashion ; 
at  last,  and  in  the  end  of  the  ranks,  there  came  a  lady, 
who  by  her  majesty  appeared  so,  clothed  in  like  manner  in 
black,  with  a  white  dressing  on  her  head,  so  large  that  it 
kissed  the  very  ground.  Her  turban  was  twice  as  big  as 
the  biggest  of  the  rest ;  she  was  somewhat  beetle-browed, 
fiat-nosed,  wide-mouthed,  but  red-lipped  ;  her  teeth,  for 
sometimes  she  discovered  them,  seemed  to  be  thin  and  not 

^^  Patiencia  y  baraiar'' )  a  metaphor  taken  from  card-players,  who, 
when  they  lose,  cry  to  the  dealer,  *  Patience,  and  shuffle  the  cards.' 


346  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

very  well  placed,  though  they  were  as  white  as  blanched 
almonds ;  in  her  hand  she  carried  a  fine  cloth,  and  within 
it,  as  might  be  perceived,  a  mummied  heart,  by  reason  of 
the  dry  embalming  of  it.  Montesinos  told  me  that  all 
those  in  that  procession  were  servants  to  Durandarte  and 
Belerma,  that  were  there  enchanted  with  their  masters  ; 
and  that  she  that  came  last  with  the  linen  cloth  and  the 
heart  in  her  hand  was  the  Lady  Belerma,  who,  together 
with  her  damsels,  four  days  in  the  week  did  make  that 
procession,  singing,  or,  to  say  truer,  howling  their  dirges 
over  the  body  and  grieved  heart  of  his  cousin  ;  and  if  now 
she  appeared  somewhat  foul  to  me,  or  not  so  fair  as  fame 
hath  given  out,  the  cause  was  her  bad  nights,  but  worse 
days,  that  she  endured  in  that  enchantment,  as  I  might  see 
by  her  deep-sunk  eyes  and  her  broken  complexion.  ^'  And 
her  monthly  disease  is  not  the  cause  of  these  (an  ordinary 
thing  in  women),  for  it  is  many  months  since,  and  many 
years,  that  she  hath  not  had  it,  nor  known  what  it  is,  but 
the  grief  that  she  hath  in  her  own  heart,  for  that  she 
carries  in  her  hand  continually,  which  renews  and  brings 
to  her  remembrance  the  unfortunateness  of  her  luckless 
lover  ;  for,  if  it  were  not  for  this,  scarce  would  the  famous 
Dulcinea  del  Toboso  equal  her  in  beauty,  wit,  or  liveliness, 
that  is  so  famous  in  the  Mancha,  and  all  the  world  over." 
"  Not  too  fast,"  then  said  I,  '' Signior  Don  Montesinos; 
on  with  your  story  as  befits ;  for  you  know  all  comparisons 
are  odious,  and  so  leave  your  comparing :  the  peerless 
Dulcinea  del  Toboso  is  what  she  is,  and  the  Lady  Belerma 
is  what  she  is  and  hath  been ;  and  let  this  suffice."  To 
which  he  answered,  "  Pardon  me,  Signior  Don  Quixote  ; 
for  I  confess  I  did  ill,  and  not  well,  to  say  the  Lady 
Dulcinea  would  scarce  equal  the  Lady  Belerma,  since  it 
had  been  sufficient  that  I  understood — I  know  not  by 
what  aim — that  you  are  her  knight,  enough  to  have  made 
me  bite  my  tongue,  before  I  had  compared  her  with  any- 
thing but  heaven  itself."  With  this  satisfaction  that 
Montesinos  gave  me,  my  heart  was  free  from  that 
sudden  passion  I  had,  to  hear  my  mistress  compared  to 
Belerma/ 


Chap.  XXIII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  347 

'  And  I  marvel,'  said  Sancho,  '  that  you  got  not  to  the 
old  carle  and  banged  his  bones  and  pulled  his  beard,  with- 
out leaving  him  a  hair  in  it.'  '  No,  friend  Sancho,'  said 
he  ;  'it  was  not  fit  for  me  to  do  so  ;  for  we  are  all  bound 
to  reverence  our  elders,  although  they  be  no  knights,  and 
most  of  all  when  they  are  so,  and  are  enchanted.  I  know 
well  enough  I  was  not  behindhand  with  him  in  other 
questions  and  answers  that  passed  between  us.' 

Then  said  the  scholar,  '  I  know  not,  Signior  Don 
Quixote,  how  you  in  so  little  time  as  it  is  since  you  went 
down  have  seen  so  many  things,  and  spoken  and  answered 
so  much.'  '  How  long  is  it,'  quoth  he,  '  since  I  went 
down  ?'  'A  little  more  than  an  hour,'  said  Sancho.  'That 
cannot  be,'  replied  Don  Quixote,  '  because  it  was  morning 
and  evening,  and  evening  and  morning,  three  times  ;  so 
that,  by  my  account,  I  have  been  three  days  in  those  parts  so 
remote  and  hidden  from  our  sight.'  'Surely  my  master,' 
quoth  Sancho,  '  is  in  the  right  ;  for,  as  all  things  that  befal 
him  are  by  way  of  enchantment,  so  perhaps  that  which 
appears  to  us  but  an  hour  is  to  him  there  three  nights  and 
three  days.'  '  He  hath  hit  it,'  said  Don  Quixote.  '  And 
have  you  eat,  sir,  in  all  this  time  ? '  quoth  the  scholar. 
'  Not  a  bit,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  neither  have  I  been 
hungry,  or  so  much  as  thought  of  eating.'  '  And  the 
enchanted,  eat  they  ? '  said  the  scholar.  '  No,'  said  he, 
'  neither  are  they  troubled  with  your  greater  excrements, 
although  it  be  probable  that  their  nails,  their  beards,  and 
their  hairs  grow.'  '  Sleep  they  haply  ? '  said  Sancho.  '  No, 
indeed,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  '  at  least,  these  three  days 
that  I  have  been  with  them,  not  one  of  them  hath  closed 
his  eyes,  nor  I  neither.'  '  That  fits  the  proverb,'  quoth 
Sancho,  '  which  says,  "  You  shall  know  the  person  by  his 
company."  You  have  been  amongst  the  enchanted,  and 
those  that  watch  and  fast  ;  no  marvel,  therefore,  though 
you  neither  slept  nor  eat  whilst  you  were  amongst  them. 
But  pray,  sir,  pardon  me  if  I  say,  God — or  the  devil,  I  was 
about  to  say — take  me,  if  I  believe  a  word  of  all  this  you 
have  spoken.'  '  Why  not  ? '  said  the  scholar.  '  Do  you 
think  Signior  Don  Quixote  would  lie  to  us  ;  for,  though 


348  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

he  would,  he  hath  not  had  time  to  compose  or  invent  such 
a  million  of  lies  ? '  '  I  do  not  believe,'  quoth  Sancho,  '  that 
my  master  lies/  '  But  what  do  you  believe,  then  ?'  quoth 
Don  Quixote.  '  Marry,  I  believe,'  said  Sancho,  '  that  that 
Merlin,  or  those  enchanters,  that  enchanted  all  that  rabble 
that  you  say  you  have  seen  and  conversed  with  there 
below,  clapped  into  your  apprehension  or  memory  all  this 
machine  that  you  have  told  us,  and  all  that  remains  yet  to 
be  told/  '  All  this  may  be,  Sancho,'  said  Don  Quixote  ; 
'  but  'tis  otherwise  ;  for  what  I  have  told  I  saw  with  these 
eyes,  and  felt  with  these  hands.  But  what  wilt  thou  say 
when  I  shall  tell  thee  that  amongst  infinite  other  matters 
and  wonders  that  Montesinos  showed  me,  which  at  more 
leisure  and  at  fitting  time  in  process  of  our  journey  I  shall 
tell  thee,  he  showed  me  three  country-wenches,  that  went 
leaping  and  frisking  up  and  down  those  pleasant  fields,  like 
goats  ?  and  I  scarce  saw  them  when  I  perceived  the  one 
was  the  peerless  Dulcinea,  and  the  other  two  the  selfsame 
that  we  spoke  to  when  we  left  Toboso.  I  asked  Monte- 
sinos whether  he  knew  them,  who  answered  me,  not  ;  but 
that  sure  they  were  some  ladies  of  quality  there  enchanted, 
that  but  lately  appeared  in  those  fields  ;  and  that  it  was 
no  wonder,  for  that  there  were  many  others  of  former 
times,  and  these  present,  that  were  enchanted  in  strange 
and  different  shapes,  amongst  whom  he  knew  Queen 
Guinivere,  and  her  woman  Quintaniona,  filling  Lansarote's 
cups  when  he  came  from  Britain.' 

When  Sancho  heard  his  master  thus  far,  it  made  him  stark 
mad,  and  ready  to  burst  with  laughter  ;  for  by  reason  that 
he  knew  the  truth  of  Dulcinea's  enchantment,  as  having  been 
himself  the  enchanter,  and  the  raiser  of  that  tale,  he  did 
undoubtedly  ratify  his  belief  that  his  master  was  mad  and 
out  of  his  wits  ;  and  so  told  him,  '  In  an  ill  time,  and  dismal 
day,  patron  mine,  went  you  down  into  the  other  world, 
and  at  an  ill  season  met  with  Signior  Montesinos,  that  hath 
returned  you  in  this  pickle ;  you  were  well  enough  here 
above,  in  your  right  senses  as  God  hath  given  them  you, 
uttering  sentences  and  giving  good  counsel  every  foot,  and 
not,  as  now,  telling  the  greatest  unlikelihoods  that  can  be 


Chap.  XXIII  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  349 

imagined.'  '  Because  I  know  thee,  Sancho/  quoth  Don 
Quixote,  'I  make  no  account  of  thy  words.'  'Nor  I  of 
yours,'  said  he  ;  '  you  may  strike  or  kill  me  if  you  will, 
either  for  those  I  have  spoken  or  those  I  mean  to  speak, 
if  you  do  not  correct  and  amend  yourself.  But  pray  tell 
me,  sir,  whilst  we  are  at  quiet,  how  knew  you  it  was  our 
mistress.  Spoke  you  to  her  ?  What  said  she  ?  And 
what  answered  you  ? ' 

'  I  knew  her,'  said  Don  Quixote,  '  by  the  same  clothes 
she  had  on  at  such  time  as  thou  show'dst  her  me.  I  spoke 
to  her,  but  she  gave  me  not  a  word,  but  turned  her  back, 
and  scudded  away  so  fast  that  a  flight  would  not  have 
overtaken  her.  I  meant  to  have  followed  her,  and  had 
done  it,  but  that  Montesinos  told  me  it  was  in  vain,  and 
the  rather,  because  it  was  now  high  time  for  me  to  return 
out  of  the  cave.  He  told  me  likewise  that  in  process  of 
time  he  would  let  me  know  the  means  of  disenchanting 
Durandarte,  and  Belerma,  and  himself,  together  with  all 
the  rest  that  were  there.  But  that  which  most  grieved 
me  was,  that  whilst  I  was  thus  talking  with  Montesinos,  one 
of  the  unfortunate  Dulcinea's  companions  came  on  one 
side  of  me,  I  not  perceiving  it,  and,  with  tears  in  her  eyes 
and  hollow  voice,  said  to  me,  "  My  Lady  Dulcinea  del 
Toboso  commends  her  to  you,  and  desires  to  know  how 
you  do ;  and  withal,  because  she  is  in  great  necessity,  she 
desires  you  with  all  earnestness  that  you  would  be  pleased 
to  lend  her  three  shillings  upon  this  new  cotton  petticoat 
that  I  bring  you,  or  what  you  can  spare,  for  she  will  pay 
you  again  very  shortly."  This  message  held  me  in 
suspense  and  admiration;  so  that,  turning  to  Signior 
Montesinos,  I  asked  him,  "Is  it  possible,  Signior,  that  those 
of  your  better  sort  that  be  enchanted  are  in  want  ?  "  To 
which  he  answered,  "  Believe  me,  Signior  Don  Quixote,  this 
Necessity  rangeth  and  extends  itself  everywhere,  and  over- 
takes all  men,  neither  spares  she  the  enchanted  ;  and 
therefore,  since  the  Lady  Dulcinea  demands  these  three 
shillings  of  you,  and  that  the  pawn  seems  to  be  good,  lend 
them  her,  for  sure  she  is  much  straitened."  *'I  will  take 
no  pawn,"  quoth  I,  "  neither  can  I  lend  what  she  requires, 


350  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

for  I  have  but  two  shillings."  These  I  gave,  which  were 
the  same,  Sancho,  that  thou  gavest  me  t'other  day  for  alms 
to  the  poor  we  met ;  and  I  told  the  maid,  "  Friend,  tell 
your  mistress  that  I  am  sorry  with  all  my  heart  for  her 
wants,  and  I  would  I  were  a  Fucar^  to  relieve  them  ;  and 
let  her  know  that  I  neither  can  nor  may  have  health, 
wanting  her  pleasing  company  and  discreet  conversation ; 
and  that  I  desire  her,  as  earnestly  as  may  be,  that  this  her 
captive  servant  and  way-beaten  knight  may  see  and  treat 
with  her.  You  shall  also  say,  that  when  she  least  thinks 
of  it  she  shall  hear  say  that  I  have  made  an  oath  and  vow, 
such  as  was  the  Marquis  his  of  Mantua,  to  revenge  his 
nephew  Baldwine,  when  he  found  him  ready  to  give  up 
the  ghost  in  the  midst  of  the  mountain,  which  was,  not  to 
eat  his  meat  with  napkins,  and  other  flim-flams  added 
thereunto,  till  he  had  revenged  his  death  ;  and  so  swear  I, 
not  to  be  quiet  till  I  have  travelled  all  the  seven  partitions 
of  the  world,  more  punctually  than  Prince  Don  Manuel  of 
Portugal,  till  I  have  disenchanted  her.''  ''  All  this  and 
more  you  owe  to  my  mistress,"  said  the  damsel ;  and, 
taking  the  two  shillings,  instead  of  making  me  a  courtesy, 
she  fetched  a  caper  two  yards  high  in  the  air.' 

*  Blessed  God  ! '  Sancho  cried  out,  '  and  is  it  possible 
that  enchanters  and  enchantments  should  so  much  prevail 
upon  him  as  to  turn  his  right  understanding  into  such  a 
wild  madness  ?  Sir,  sir,  for  God's  love  have  a  care  of 
yourself,  and  look  to  your  credit  ;  believe  not  in  these 
bubbles  that  have  lessened  and  crazed  your  wits.'  '  Out 
of  thy  love,  Sancho,  thou  speakest  this,'  said  Don  Quixote ; 
*  and,  for  want  of  experience  in  the  world,  all  things  that 
have  never  so  little  difficulty  seem  to  thee  to  be  impossible  : 
but  time  will  come,  as  I  have  told  thee  already,  that  I  shall 
relate  some  things  that  I  have  seen  before,  which  may 
make  thee  believe  what  I  have  said,  which  admits  no  reply 
or  controversy.' 

^  Fucares  were  a  rich  family  and  name  in  Germany  that  maintained  a 
bank  of  moneys  in  Spain,  and  still  used  to  furnish  Philip  the  Second 
with  moneys  in  his  wars. 


Chap.  XXIV  MONTESINOS'   CAVE  351 


CHAPTER  XXIV 

Where  are  recounted  a  'Thousand  Flim-flams^  as  impertinent 
as  necessary  to  the  Understanding  of  this  Famous  History 

The  translator  of  this  famous  history  out  of  his  original, 
written  by  Cid  Hamet  Benengeli,  says  that,  when  he  came 
to  the  last  chapter  going  before,  these  words  were  written 
in  the  margin  by  the  same  Hamet  :  '  I  cannot  believe  or 
be  persuaded  that  all  that  is  written  in  the  antecedent 
chapter  happened  so  punctually  to  the  valorous  Don 
Quixote  ;  the  reason  is,  because  all  adventures  hitherto 
have  been  accidental  and  probable  ;  but  this  of  the  cave, 
I  see  no  likelihood  of  the  truth  of  it,  as  being  so  unreason- 
able :  yet  to  think  Don  Quixote  would  lie,  being  the 
worthiest  gentleman  and  noblest  knight  of  his  time,  is  not 
possible,  for  he  would  not  lie  though  he  were  shot  to 
death  with  arrows.  On  the  other  side,  I  consider  that  he 
related  it  with  all  the  aforesaid  circumstances,  and  that  in 
so  short  a  time  he  could  not  frame  such  a  machina  of 
fopperies  ;  and,  if  this  adventure  seem  to  be  apocrypha, 
the  fault  is  not  mine  ;  so  that,  leaving  it  indifferent,  I  here 
set  it  down.  Thou,  O  reader,  as  thou  art  wise,  judge  as 
thou  thinkest  good,  for  I  can  do  no  more ;  though  one 
thing  be  certain,  that  when  he  was  upon  his  deathbed  he 
disclaimed  this  adventure,  and  said  that  he  had  only 
invented  it  because  it  suited  with  such  as  he  had  read  of  in 
his  histories.     So  he  proceeds,  saying  : 

The  scholar  wondered  as  well  at  Sancho's  boldness  as 
his  master's  patience  ;  but  he  thought  that  by  reason  of 
the  joy  that  he  received  in  having  seen  his  mistress 
Dulcinea,  though  enchanted,  that  softness  of  condition  grew 
upon  him  ;  for,  had  it  been  otherwise,  Sancho  spoke  words 
that  might  have  grinded  him  to  powder,  for  in  his  opinion 
he  was  somewhat  saucy  with  his  master,  to  whom  he 
said  :  *  Signior  Don  Quixote,  I  think  the  journey  that  I 
have  made  with  you  very  well  employed,  because  in  it  I 


352  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

have  stored  up  four  things :  the  first  is  the  having  known 
yourself,  which  I  esteem  as  a  great  happiness ;  the  second, 
to  have  known  the  secrets  of  this  Montesinos'  Cave,  with 
the  transformations  of  Guadiana  and  Ruydera's  lakes,  which 
may  help  me  in  my  Spanish  Ovid  I  have  in  hand  ;  the 
third  is,  to  know  the  antiquity  of  card-playing,  which  was 
used  at  least  in  time  of  the  Emperor  Charles  the  Great,  as 
may  be  collected  out  of  the  words  you  say  Durandarte 
used,  when,  after  a  long  speech  between  him  and  Mon- 
tesinos, he  awakened  saying,  "Patience  and  shuffle"  (and 
this  kind  of  speaking  he  could  not  learn  when  he  was 
enchanted,  but  when  he  lived  in  France,  in  time  of  the 
aforesaid  emperor)  ;  and  this  observation  comes  in  pudding- 
time  for  the  other  book  that  I  am  making,  which  is  my  Supply 
to  Polydore  Virgil  in  the  Invention  of  Antiquities  ;  and  I 
believe  in  his  he  left  out  cards,  which  I  will  put  in,  as  a 
matter  of  great  importance,  especially  having  so  authentic 
an  author  as  Signior  Durandarte.  The  fourth  is  to  have 
known  for  a  certain  the  true  spring  of  the  river  Guadiana, 
which  hath  hitherto  been  concealed.' 

'  You  have  reason,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  '  but  I  would 
fain  know  of  you,  now  that  it  hath  pleased  God  to  give 
you  abilities  to  print  your  books,  to  whom  will  you  direct 
them?'  'You  have  lords  and  grandees^  in  Spain,'  said 
the  scholar,  'to  whom  I  may  direct  them.'  'Few  of 
them,'  said  Don  Quixote  ;  'not  because  they  do  not  deserve 
the  dedications,  but  because  they  will  not  admit  of  them, 
not  to  oblige  themselves  to  the  satisfaction  that  is  due  to 
the  author's  pains  and  courtesy.  One  prince  I  know  that 
may  supply  the  deserts  of  the  rest,  with  such  advantage 
that,  should  I  speak  of  it,  it  might  stir  up  envy  in  some 
noble  breasts ;  but  let  this  rest  till  some  fit  time,  and  let 
us  look  out  where  we  may  lodge  to-night.'  'Not  far  from 
hence,'  said  the  scholar,  '  there  is  a  hermitage,  where  dwells 
a  hermit  that  they  say  hath  been  a  soldier,  and  is  thought 
to  be  a  good  Christian,  and  very  discreet  and  charitable. 
Beside  the  hermitage,  he  hath  a  little  house  which  he  hath 

^A  name  given  to  men  of  title,  as  dukes,  marquises,  or  earls,  in  Spain, 
whose  only  privilege  is  to  stand  covered  before  the  king. 


Chap.  XXIV       LANCES   AND   HALBERDS  353 

built  at  his  own  charge ;  yet,  though  it  be  little,  it  is  fit  to 
receive  guests.'  '  Hath  he  any  hens,  trow  ? '  said  Sancho. 
'Few  hermits  are  without  'em,'  quoth  Don  Quixote  ; 
*for  your  hermits  nowadays  are  not  like  those  that  lived  in 
the  deserts  of  Egypt,  that  were  clad  in  palm-leaves,  and 
lived  upon  the  roots  of  the  earth  ;  but  mistake  me  not, 
that  because  I  speak  well  of  them  I  should  speak  ill  of  these, 
only  the  penitency  of  these  times  comes  not  near  those  ; 
yet,  for  aught  I  know,  all  are  good,  at  least  I  think  so ; 
and,  if  the  worst  come  to  the  worst,  your  hypocrite  that 
feigns  himself  good  doth  less  hurt  than  he  that  sins  in 
public' 

As  they  were  thus  talking  they  might  espy  a  footman 
coming  towards  them,  going  apace,  and  beating  with 
his  wand  a  he-mule  laden  with  lances  and  halberds. 
When  he  came  near  them  he  saluted  them  and  passed  on  ; 
but  Don  Quixote  said  to  him,  '  Honest  fellow,  stay,  for 
methinks  you  make  your  mule  go  faster  than  needs.'  '  I 
cannot  stay,  sir,'  said  he,  '  because  these  weapons  that  you 
see  I  carry  must  be  used  to-morrow  morning,  so  I  must 
needs  go  on  my  way.  Farewell  ;  but,  if  you  will  know 
why  I  carry  them,  I  shall  lodge  to-night  in  the  vent  ^ 
above  the  hermitage  ;  and,  if  you  go  that  way,  there  you 
shall  have  me,  and  I  will  tell  you  wonders  ;  and  so  once 
more,  farewell.'  So  the  mule  pricked  on  so  fast  that  Don 
Quixote  had  no  leisure  to  ask  him  what  wonders  they 
were ;  and  as  he  was  curious,  and  always  desirous  of 
novelties,  he  took  order  that  they  should  presently  go  and 
pass  that  night  in  the  vent,  without  touching  at  the 
hermitage,  where  the  scholar  would  have  stayed  that 
night. 

So  all  three  of  them  mounted,  and  went  toward  the 
vent,  whither  they  reached  somewhat  before  it  grew  dark, 
and  the  scholar  invited  Don  Quixote  to  drink  a  sup  by  the 
way  at  the  hermitage,  which  as  soon  as  Sancho  heard,  he 
made  haste  with  Dapple,  as  did  Don  Quixote  and  the 
scholar  likewise  ;  but,  as  Sancho's  ill-luck  would  have  it, 

1  Veritas — places  in  Spain,  in  barren  unpeopled  parts,  for  lodging,  like 
our  beggarly  alehouses  upon  the  highways, 
II.  Z 


354  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

the  hermit  was  not  at  home,  as  was  told  them  by  the 
under-hermit.  They  asked  him  whether  he  had  any  of 
the  dearer  sort  of  wine,  who  answered  his  master  had 
none,  but,  if  they  would  have  any  cheap  water,  he  would 
give  it  them  with  a  good  will.  '  If  my  thirst  would  be 
quenched  with  water,  we  might  have  had  wells  to  drink  at 
by  the  way.  Ah,  Camacho's  marriage  and  Don  Diego's 
plenty,  how  oft  shall  I  miss  you  ! ' 

Now  they  left  the  hermitage,  and  spurred  toward  the 
vent,  and  a  little  before  them  they  overtook  a  youth  that 
went  not  very  fast  before  them  ;  so  they  overtook  him. 
He  had  a  sword  upon  his  shoulder,  and  upon  it,  as  it 
seemed,  a  bundle  of  clothes,  as  breeches  and  cloak  and 
a  shirt — for  he  wore  a  velvet  jerkin  that  had  some  kind  of 
remainder  of  satin,  and  his  shirt  hung  out — his  stockings 
were  of  silk,  and  his  shoes  square  at  toe,  after  the  court 
fashion  ;  he  was  about  eighteen  years  of  age,  and  active  of 
body  to  see  to  ;  to  pass  the  tediousness  of  the  way,  he 
went  singing  short  pieces  of  songs,  and  as  they  came 
near  him  he  made  an  end  of  one,  which  the  scholar,  they 
say,  learned  by  heart,  and  it  was  this  : 

*  To  the  wars  I  go  for  necessity, 
At  home  would  I  tarry  if  I  had  money.' 

Don  Quixote  was  the  first  that  spoke  to  him,  saying, 
'  You  go  very  naked,  sir  gallant  ;  and  whither,  a  God's 
name  ?  Let's  know,  if  it  be  your  pleasure  to  tell  us  ? ' 
To  which  the  youth  answered,  *  Heat  and  poverty  are  the 
causes  that  I  walk  so  light,  and  my  journey  is  to  the  wars.' 
*  Why  for  poverty  ? '  quoth  Don  Quixote  ;  '  for  heat  it. 
may  well  be.'  '  Sir,'  said  the  youth,  '  I  carry  in  this 
bundle  a  pair  of  slops,  fellows  to  this  jerkin  ;  if  I  wear 
'em  by  the  way,  I  shall  do  myself  no  credit  with  them 
when  I  come  to  any  town,  and  I  have  no  money  to  buy 
others  with  ;  so  as  well  for  this  as  to  air  myself  I  go  till  I 
can  overtake  certain  companies  of  foot,  which  are  not 
above  twelve  leagues  from  hence,  where  I  shall  get  me  a 
place,  and  shall  not  want  carriages  to  travel  in,  till  I 
come  to  our  embarking-place,  which,  they  say,  must  be  in 


Chap.  XXIV  THE   PAGE  355 

Cartagina,  and  I  had  rather  have  the  king  to  my  master, 
and  serve  him,  than  any  beggarly  courtier.'  'And  pray 
tell  me,  have  you  any  extraordinary  pay  ? '  said  the  scholar. 
'  Had  I  served  any  grandee,  or  man  of  quality,'  said  the 
youth,  '  no  doubt  I  should  ;  for  that  comes  by  your 
serving  good  masters,  that  out  of  the  scullery  men  come 
to  be  lieutenants  or  captains,  or  to  have  some  good  pay ; 
but  I  always  had  the  ill  luck  to  serve  your  shagrags  and 
upstarts,  whose  allowance  was  so  bare  and  short  that  one 
half  of  it  still  was  spent  in  starching  me  a  ruff,  and  it  is  a 
miracle  that  one  venturing  page  amongst  a  hundred  should 
ever  get  any  reasonable  fortune.'  '  But  tell  me,  friend,' 
quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  is  it  possible  that  in  all  the  time  you 
served  you  never  got  a  livery  ? '  '  Two,'  said  the  page ; 
'  but,  as  he  that  goes  out  of  a  monastery  before  he  pro- 
fesseth  hath  his  habit  taken  from  him,  and  his  clothes 
given  him  back,  so  my  masters  returned  me  mine,  when 
they  had  ended  their  businesses  for  which  they  came 
to  the  court,  and  returned  to  their  own  homes,  and 
withheld  their  liveries  which  they  had  only  showed  for 
ostentation.' 

'A  notable  Espilorcheria^,  as  saith  your  Italian,'  quoth 
Don  Quixote.  '  For  all  that,  think  yourself  happy  that 
you  are  come  from  the  court  with  so  good  an  intention, 
for  there  is  nothing  in  the  world  better  nor  more  profit- 
able than  to  serve  God  first,  and  next  your  prince  and 
natural  master,  especially  in  the  practice  of  arms,  by 
which,  if  not  more  wealth,  yet  at  least  more  honour,  is 
obtained  than  by  learning ;  as  I  have  said  many  times, 
that  though  learning  hath  raised  more  houses  than  arms, 
yet  your  swordmen  have  a  kind  of  I  know  not  what 
advantage  above  scholars,  with  a  kind  of  splendour  that 
doth  advantage  them  over  all.  And  bear  in  your  mind 
what  I  shall  now  tell  you,  which  shall  be  much  for  your 
good  and  much  lighten  you  in  your  travels ;  that  is,  not 
to  think  upon  adversity,  for  the  worst  that  can  come  is 
death,  which  if  it  be  a  good  death,  the  best  fortune  of  all 
is  to  die.    Julius  Caesar,  that  brave  Roman  emperor  being 

^  Cullionry. 


356  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

asked  which  was  the  best  death,  answered,  "  A  sudden 
one,  and  unthought  of* ;  and,  though  he  answered  Hke 
a  Gentile,  and  void  of  the  knowledge  of  the  true  God,  yet 
he  said  well,  to  save  human  feeling  a  labour ;  for  say  you 
should  be  slain  in  the  first  skirmish,  either  with  cannon- 
shot  or  blown  up  with  a  mine,  what  matter  is  it  ?  All 
is  but  dying,  and  there's  an  end ;  and,  as  Terence  says,  a 
soldier  slain  in  the  field  shows  better  than  alive  and  safe 
in  flight ;  and  so  much  the  more  famous  is  a  good  soldier, 
by  how  much  he  obeys  his  captains  and  those  that  may 
command  him.  And  mark,  child,  it  is  better  for  a  soldier 
to  smell  of  his  gunpowder  than  of  civet ;  and  when  old 
age  comes  upon  you  in  this  honourable  exercise,  though 
you  be  full  of  scars,  maimed  or  lame,  at  least  you  shall 
not  be  without  honour,  which  poverty  cannot  diminish;  and, 
besides,  there  is  order  taken  now  that  old  and  maimed 
soldiers  may  be  relieved ;  neither  are  they  dealt  withal 
like  those  men's  negars^  that  when  they  are  old  and  can 
do  their  masters  no  service,  they  (under  colour  of  making 
them  free)  turn  them  out  of  doors  and  make  them  slaves 
to  hunger,  from  which  nothing  can  free  them  but  death.  ^ 
And  for  this  time  I  will  say  no  more  to  you,  but  only  get 
up  behind  me  till  you  come  to  the  vent,  and  there  you 
shall  sup  with  me,  and  to-morrow  take  your  journey, 
which  God  speed  as  your  desires  deserve.' 

The  page  accepted  not  of  his  invitement  to  ride  behind 
him  ;  but  for  the  supper  he  did.  And  at  this  season,  they 
say,  Sancho  said  to  himself,  '  Lord  defend  thee,  master ! 
And  is  it  possible  that  a  man  that  knows  to  speak  such, 
so  many,  and  so  good  things  as  he  hath  said  here  should  say 
he  hath  seen  such  impossible  fooleries  as  he  hath  told  us  of 
Montesinos'  Cave  }  Well,  we  shall  see  what  will  become 
of  it.' 

And  by  this  they  came  to  the  vent  just  as  it  was  night, 
for  which  Sancho  was  glad,  because  too  his  master  took  it 
to  be  a  true  vent,  and  not  a  castle,  as  he  was  wont.  They 
were  no  sooner  entered  when   Don   Quixote    asked    the 

^  He  describes  the  right  subtle  and  cruel  nature  of  his  damned 
countrymen. 


Chap.  XXV         THE   NEED   FOR   LANCES  357 

venter^  for  the  man  with  the  lances  and  halberds,  who 
answered  him  he  was  in  the  stable  looking  to  his  moil. 
Sancho  and  the  scholar  did  the  same  to  their  asses,  giving 
Don  Quixote's  Rozinante  the  best  manger  and  room  in  the 
stable. 


CHAPTER  XXV 

Of  the  Adventure  of  the  Braying^  and  the  Merry  One  of  the 
Puppet-man^  with  the  Memorable  Soothsaying  of  the 
Prophesying  Ape 

Don  Quixote  stood  upon  thorns  till  he  might  hear  and 
know  the  promised  wonders  of  the  man  that  carried  the 
arms,  and  went  where  the  venter  had  told  him,  to  seek 
him  ;  where  finding  him,  he  said  that  by  all  means  he 
must  tell  him  presently  what  he  had  promised  him  upon 
the  way.  The  man  answered  him,  '  The  story  of  the 
wonders  requires  more  leisure,  and  must  not  be  told  thus 
standing.  Good  sir,  let  me  make  an  end  of  provendering 
my  beast,  and  I  will  tell  you  things  that  shall  admire  you.' 
'  Let  not  that  hinder  you,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  for  Til 
help  you  '  ;  and  so  he  did,  sifting  his  barley  and  cleansing 
the  manger,  a  humility  that  obliged  the  fellow  to  tell  him 
his  tale  heartily.  Thus  sitting  down  upon  a  bench,  Don 
Quixote  by  him,  with  the  scholar,  page,  and  Sancho, 
and  the  venter,  for  his  complete  senate  and  auditory,  he 
began  : 

'  You  shall  understand  that  in  a  town  some  four  leagues 
and  an  half  from  this  vent  it  fell  out  that  an  alderman  there, 
by  a  trick  and  wile  of  a  wench,  his  maid-servant  (which 
were  long  to  tell  how),  lost  his  ass  ;  and,  though  the  said 
alderman  used  all  manner  of  diligence  to  find  him,  it  was 
impossible.  His  ass  was  wanting,  as  the  public  voice  and 
fame  goeth,  fifteen  days,  when  the  alderman  that  lost  him, 
being  in  the  market-place,  another  alderman  of  the  same 

^  Fentero,  the  master  of  the  vent. 


358  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

town  told  him,  "  Pay  me  for  my  news,  gossip,  for  your  ass 
is  forthcoming/'  *'  I  will  willingly,  gossip,"  said  the  other  ; 
"  but  let  me  know  where  he  is."  '*  This  morning,"  said 
the  second,  "  I  saw  him  upon  the  mountains  without  his 
pack-saddle  or  any  other  furniture,  so  lean  that  it  was  pity 
to  see  him.  I  would  have  gotten  him  before  me,  and  have 
driven  him  to  you,  but  he  is  so  mountainous  and  wild  that 
when  I  made  towards  him  he  flew  from  me,  and  got  into 
the  thickest  of  the  wood.  If  you  please,  we  will  both 
return  and  seek  him  ;  let  me  first  put  up  this  ass  at  home, 
and  I'll  come  by  and  by."  *'  You  shall  do  me  a  great 
kindness,"  quoth  he,  ''and  I  will  repay  you,  if  need  be,  in 
the  like  kind." 

'  With  all  these  circumstances,  just  as  I  tell  you,  all  that 
know  the  truth  relate  it.  In  fine,  the  two  aldermen,  afoot 
and  hand  to  hand,  went  to  the  hills,  and,  coming  to  the 
place  where  they  thought  to  find  the  ass,  they  missed  of 
him,  neither  could  they  find  him  for  all  their  seeking  round 
about.  Seeing  then  there  was  no  appearance  of  him,  the 
alderman  that  had  seen  him  said  to  the  other,  *'  Hark  you, 
gossip,  I  have  a  trick  in  my  head  with  which  we  shall  find 
out  this  beast,  though  he  be  hj'dden  under  ground,  much 
more  if  in  the  mountain.  Thus  it  is  :  I  can  bray  excellent 
well,  and  so  can  you  a  little — well,  'tis  a  match."  ''A 
little,  gossip  ! "  quoth  the  other  ;  ''  verily,  I'll  take  no 
odds  of  anybody,  nor  of  an  ass  himself."  ''We  shall  see 
then,"  said  the  second  alderman  ;  "  for  my  plot  is  that  you 
go  on  one  side  of  the  hill,  and  I  on  the  other,  so  that  we 
may  compass  it  round  ;  now  and  then  you  shall  bray,  and 
so  will  I,  and  it  cannot  be  but  that  your  ass  will  answer  one 
of  us,  if  he  be  in  the  mountain." 

'  To  this  the  owner  of  the  ass  answered,  "  I  tell  you, 
gossip,  the  device  is  rare,  and  worthy  your  great  wit."  So 
dividing  themselves,  according  to  the  agreement,  it  fell  out 
that  just  at  one  instant  both  brayed,  and  each  of  them 
cozened  with  the  other's  braying  came  to  look  one  another, 
thinking  now  there  had  been  news  of  the  ass  ;  and  as  they 
met  the  loser  said,  "  Is  it  possible,  gossip,  that  it  was  not 
mine  ass  that  brayed.^"     "No,  'twas  I,"  said  the  other. 


Chap.  XXV  THE   BRAYERS  359 

'*  Then/'  replied  the  owner,  "  gossip,  between  you  and  an 
ass  there  is  no  difference  touching  your  braying  ;  for  in 
my  life  I  never  heard  a  thing  more  natural."  '*  These 
praises  and  extolling,"  said  the  other,  "  do  more  properly 
belong  to  you  than  me  ;  for  truly  you  may  give  two  to  one 
to  the  best  and  skilfuUest  brayer  in  the  world  ;  for  your 
sound  is  lofty,  you  keep  very  good  time,  and  your  cadences 
thick  and  sudden.  To  conclude,  I  yield  myself  vanquished, 
and  give  you  the  prize  and  glory  of  this  rare  ability." 
**  Well,"  said  the  owner,  ''  I  shall  like  myself  the  better 
for  this  hereafter,  and  shall  think  I  know  something,  since 
I  have  gotten  a  quality  ;  for,  though  I  ever  thought  I 
brayed  well,  yet  I  never  thought  I  was  so  excellent  at  it  as 
you  say."  *'  Let  me  tell  you,"  said  the  other,  "  there  be 
rare  abilities  in  the  world  that  are  lost  and  ill  employed  in 
those  that  will  not  good  themselves  with  them."  *' Ours," 
quoth  the  owner,  '^  can  do  us  no  good  but  in  such  busi- 
nesses as  we  have  now  in  hand,  and  pray  God  in  this  they 
may." 

*  This  said,  they  divided  themselves  again,  and  returned 
to  their  braying,  and  every  foot  they  were  deceived  and 
met,  till  they  agreed  upon  a  countersign,  that,  to  know  it 
was  themselves  and  not  the  ass,  they  should  bray  twice 
together  ;  so  that  with  this  doubling  their  brays  every 
stitch-while  they  compassed  the  hill,  the  lost  ass  not 
answering  so  much  as  by  the  least  sign  ;  but  how  could 
the  poor  and  ill-thriving  beast  answer,  when  they  found 
him  in  the  thicket  eaten  with  wolves  }  And  his  owner 
seeing  him  said,  "  I  marvelled  he  did  not  answer  ;  for  if 
he  had  not  been  dead  he  would  have  brayed,  if  he  had 
heard  us,  or  else  he  had  been  no  ass.  But  i'  faith,  gossip, 
since  I  have  heard  your  delicate  braying,  I  think  my  pains 
well  bestowed  in  looking  this  ass,  though  I  have  found 
him  dead."  "  'Tis  in  a  very  good  hand,  gossip,"  said  the 
other  ;^  "  and  if  the  abbot  sing  well  the  little  monk  comes 
not  behind  him."^ 

^  '  En  buenna  mam  esta '  :   alluding  to  two  that  strive  to    make  one 
another  drink  first. 

2  The  one  as  very  an  ass  as  the  other. 


36o  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

'  With  this,  all  comfortless  and  hoarse,  home  they  went, 
where  they  told  their  friends,  neighbours,  and  acquaint- 
ances what  had  happened  in  the  search  for  the  ass,  the  one 
exaggerating  the  other's  cunning  in  braying,  all  which  was 
known  and  spread  abroad  in  the  neighbouring  towns  ;  and 
the  devil,  that  always  watcheth  how  he  may  sow  and 
scatter  quarrels  and  discord  everywhere,  raising  brabbles  in 
the  air,  and  making  great  chimeras  of  nothing,  made  the 
people  of  other  towns  that  when  they  saw  any  of  ours  they 
should  bray,  as  hitting  us  in  the  teeth  with  our  aldermen's 
braying.  The  boys  at  length  fell  to  it,  which  was  as  if  it 
had  fallen  into  the  jaws  of  all  the  devils  in  hell ;  so  this 
braying  spread  itself  from  one  town  to  the  other,  that  they 
which  are  born  in  our  town  are  as  well  known  as  the 
beggar  knows  his  dish  ;  and  this  unfortunate  scoff  hath 
proceeded  so  far  that  many  times  those  that  were  scoffed 
at  have  gone  out  armed  in  a  whole  squadron,  to  give  battle 
to  the  scoffers,  without  fear  or  wit,  neither  king  nor 
kaiser  being  able  to  prevent  them.  I  believe  that  to- 
morrow or  next  day  those  of  my  town  will  be  in  field — 
to  wit,  the  brayers — against  the  next  town,  which  is  two 
leagues  off,  one  of  them  that  doth  most  persecute  us;  and, 
because  we  might  be  well  provided,  I  have  bought  those 
halberds  and  lances  that  you  saw.  And  these  be  the 
wonders  that  I  said  I  would  tell  you  of ;  and,  if  these  be 
not  so,  I  know  not  what  may.' 

And  here  the  poor  fellow  ended  his  discourse ;  and  now 
there  entered  at  the  door  of  the  vent  one  clad  all  in  his 
chamois,  in  hose  and  doublet,  and  called  aloud,  '  Mine  host, 
have  you  any  lodging  ?  for  here  comes  the  prophesying  ape, 
and  the  motion  of  Melisendra'  '  Body  of  me  ! '  quoth 
the  venter,  '  here  is  Master  Peter  ;  we  shall  have  a  brave 
night  of  it.'  I  had  forgot  to  tell  how  this  Master  Peter 
had  his  left  eye  and  half  his  cheek  covered  with  a  patch  of 
green  taffeta,  a  sign  that  all  that  side  was  sore.  So  the 
venter  proceeded,  saying,  '  You  are  welcome,  Master  Peter. 
Where's  the  ape  and  the  motion,  that  I  see  'em  not  } ' 
'  They  are  not  far  off,'  quoth  the  chamois-man  ;  '  only  I 
am  come  before  to  know  if  you  have  any  lodging.'     '  I 


Chap.  XXV  THE  PUPPET-MASTER  361 

would  make  bold  with  the  Duke  of  Alva  himself/  said  the 
venter,  '  rather  than  Master  Peter  should  be  disappointed. 
Let  your  ape  and  your  motion  come,  for  we  have  guests 
here  to-night  that  will  pay  for  seeing  that,  and  the  ape's 
abilities.'  '  In  good  time,'  said  he  of  the  patch, '  for  I  will 
moderate  the  price,  so  my  charges  this  night  be  paid  for  ; 
and  therefore  I  will  cause  the  cart  where  they  are  to  drive 
on.'     With  this  he  went  out  of  the  vent  again. 

Don  Quixote  straight  asked  the  venter  what  Master 
Peter  that  was,  and  what  motion  or  ape  those  he  brought. 
To  which  the  venter  answered,  '  He  is  a  famous  puppet- 
master,  that  this  long  time  hath  gone  up  and  down  these 
parts  of  Aragon,  showing  this  motion  of  Melisendra  and 
Don  Gayferos^  one  of  the  best  histories  that  hath  been 
represented  these  many  years  in  this  kingdom.  Besides, 
he  hath  an  ape,  the  strangest  that  ever  was  ;  for,  if  you 
ask  him  anything,  he  marketh  what  you  ask,  and  gets  up 
upon  his  master's  shoulder,  and  tells  him  in  his  ear,  by  way 
of  answer,  what  he  was  asked,  which  Master  Peter  declares. 
He  tells  things  to  come  as  well  as  things  past ;  and, 
though  he  do  not  always  hit  upon  the  right,  yet  he  seldom 
errs,  and  makes  us  believe  the  devil  is  in  him.  Twelve- 
pence  for  every  answer  we  give,  if  the  ape  do  answer, — I 
mean,  if  his  master  answer  for  him,  after  he  hath  whispered 
in  his  ear  ;  so  it  is  thought  that  Master  Peter  is  very  rich. 
He  is  a  notable  fellow,  and,  as  your  Italian  saith,  a  boon 
companion,  hath  the  best  life  in  the  world,  talks  his  share 
for  six  men,  and  drinks  for  a  dozen,  all  at  his  tongue's 
charge,  his  motion,  and  his  ape's.' 

By  this  Master  Peter  was  returned,  and  his  motion  and 
ape  came  in  a  small  carriage  ;  his  ape  was  of  a  good 
bigness,  without  a  tail,  and  his  bum  as  bare  as  a  felt,  but 
not  very  ill-favoured.  Don  Quixote  scarce  beheld  him 
when  he  demanded,  '  Master  prophesier,  what  fish  do  we 
catch  }  Tell  us  what  will  become  of  us,  and  here  is 
twelvepence,'  which  he  commanded  Sancho  to  give  Master 
Peter,  who  answered  for  the  ape  and  said,  '  Sir,  this  beast 
answers  not,  nor  gives  any  notice  of  things  to  come  ;  of 
things  past  he  knows  something,  and  likewise  a  little  of 


362  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

things  present.*  '  Zwookers  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  '  FU  not 
give  a  farthing  to  know  what  is  past ;  for  who  can  tell  that 
better  than  myself  ?  and  to  pay  for  what  I  know  is  most 
foolish  ;  but,  since  you  say  he  knows  things  present,  here's 
my  twelvepence,  and  let  goodman  ape  tell  me  what  my 
wife  Teresa  Panza  doth,  and  in  what  she  busies  herself/ 

Master  Peter  would  not  take  his  money,  saying,  '  I  will 
not  take  your  reward  beforehand,  till  the  ape  hath  first 
done  his  duty' ;  so,  giving  a  clap  or  two  with  his  right  hand 
on  his  left  shoulder,  at  one  frisk  the  ape  got  up,  and,  laying 
his  mouth  to  his  ear,  grated  his  teeth  apace ;  and,  having 
showed  this  feat  the  space  of  a  creed's  saying,  at  another 
frisk  he  leaped  to  the  ground,  and  instantly  Master  Peter 
very  hastily  ran  and  kneeled  down  before  Don  Quixote, 
and  embracing  his  legs  said,  '  These  legs  I  embrace  as  if 
they  were  Hercules'  Pillars.  O  famous  reviver  of  the  long- 
forgotten  knight-errantry  !  O  never-sufficiently-extolled 
knight,  Don  Quixote  de  la  Mancha  1  Raiser  of  the  faint- 
hearted, propper  of  those  that  fall,  the  staff  and  comfort  of 
all  the  unfortunate ! ' 

Don  Quixote  was  amazed,  Sancho  confused,  the  scholar 
in  suspense,  the  page  astonished,  the  braytownsman  all  in  a 
gaze,  the  venter  at  his  wit's  end,  and  all  admiring  that 
heard  the  puppet-man's  speech,  who  went  on  saying  :  'And 
thou,  honest  Sancho  Panza,  the  best  squire  to  the  best 
knight  of  the  world,  rejoice,  for  thy  wife  Teresa  is  a  good 
housewife,  and  at  this  time  she  is  dressing  a  pound  of  fiax ; 
by  the  same  token,  she  hath  a  good  broken-mouthed  pot 
at  her  left  side  that  holds  a  pretty  scantling  of  wine,  with 
which  she  easeth  her  labour.' 

'  I  believe  that  very  well,'  said  Sancho,  '  for  she  is  a  good 
soul  ;  and  if  she  were  not  jealous  I  would  not  change  her 
for  the  giantess  Andandona,  that,  as  my  master  says,  was  a 
woman  for  the  nonce  ;  and  my  Teresa  is  one  of  those  that 
will  not  pine  herself,  though  her  heirs  smart  for  it.' 

'  Well,  I  say  now,'  quoth  Don  Quixote,  '  he  that  reads 
much  and  travels  much  sees  much  and  knows  much.  This 
I  say,  for  who  in  the  world  could  have  persuaded  me  that 
apes  could  prophesy,  which  now  I   have  seen  with  mine 


Chap.  XXV         THE  PROPHESYING   APE  363 

own  eyes  ?  For  I  am  the  same  Don  Quixote  that  this  beast 
speaks  of,  although  he  have  been  somewhat  too  liberal  in 
my  praise ;  but,  howsoever  I  am,  I  give  God  thanks  that 
He  hath  made  me  so  relenting  and  compassionate ;  always 
inclined  to  do  good  to  all,  and  hurt  to  no  man/ 

'If  I  had  money,'  said  the  page,  'I  would  ask  master 
ape  what  should  befal  me  in  the  peregrination  I  have  in 
hand.'  To  which  Master  Peter  answered  (that  was  now 
risen  from  Don  Quixote's  foot),  '  I  have  told  you  once 
that  this  little  beast  foretells  not  things  to  come  ;  for,  if  he 
could,  'twere  no  matter  for  your  money ;  for  here  is 
Signior  Don  Quixote  present,  for  whose  sake  I  would 
forego  all  the  interest  in  the  world  ;  and  to  show  my  duty 
to  him,  and  to  give  him  delight,  I  will  set  up  my  motion, 
and  freely  show  all  the  company  in  the  vent  some  pastime 
gratis.'  Which  the  ventner  hearing,  unmeasurably  glad, 
pointed  him  to  a  place  where  he  might  set  it  up,  which 
was  done  in  an  instant. 

Don  Quixote  liked  not  the  ape's  prophesying  very  well, 
holding  it  to  be  frivolous  that  an  ape  should  only  tell 
things  present,  and  not  past  or  to  come.  So,  whilst 
Master  Peter  was  fitting  his  motion,  Don  Quixote  took 
Sancho  with  him  to  a  corner  of  the  stable,  and  in  private 
said :  '  Look  thee,  Sancho,  I  have  very  well  considered  of 
this  ape's  strange  quality,  and  find  that  this  Master  Peter 
hath  made  a  secret  express  compact  with  the  devil,  to 
infuse  this  ability  into  the  ape,  that  he  may  get  his  living 
by  it,  and  when  he  is  rich  he  will  give  him  his  soul,  which 
is  that  that  this  universal  enemy  of  mankind  pretends. 
And  that  which  induceth  me  to  this  belief  is  that  the  ape 
answers  not  to  things  past,  but  only  present,  and  the 
devil's  knowledge  attains  to  no  more ;  for  things  to  come 
he  knows  not,  only  by  conjecture;  for  God  alone  can 
distinguish  the  times  and  moments ;  and  to  Him  nothing 
is  past  or  to  come,  but  all  is  present.  Which  being  so,  it 
is  most  certain  that  this  ape  speaks  by  instinct  from  the 
devil,  and  I  wonder  he  hath  not  been  accused  to  the 
Inquisition,  and  examined,  and  that  it  hath  not  been 
pressed  out  of  him,   to  know   by   what  virtue    this  ape 


364  DON   QUIXOTE  Part  II 

prophesieth ;  for  certainly  neither  he  nor  his  ape  are 
astrologers,  nor  know  how  to  cast  figures,  which  they  call 
judiciary,  so  much  used  in  Spain ;  for  you  have  no  paltry 
woman  nor  page  nor  cobbler  that  presumes  not  to  cast  a 
figure,  as  if  it  were  one  of  the  knaves  at  cards  upon  a  table, 
falsifying  that  wondrous  science  with  their  ignorant  lying. 
I  knew  a  gentlewoman  that  asked  one  of  these  figure- 
flingers  if  a  little  foisting-hound  of  hers  should  have  any 
puppies,  and,  if  it  had,  how  many,  and  of  what  colour  the 
whelps  should  be.  To  which  my  cunning  man,  after  he 
had  cast  his  figure,  answered  that  the  bitch  should  have 
young,  and  bring  forth  three  little  whelps,  the  one  green, 
the  other  carnation,  and  the  third  of  a  mixed  colour, — 
with  this  proviso,  that  she  should  take  the  dog  between 
eleven  and  twelve  of  the  clock  at  noon,  or  at  night,  which 
should  be  on  the  Monday  or  the  Saturday.  And  the 
success  was  that  some  two  days  after  the  bitch  died  of  a 
surfeit,  and  master  figure-raiser  was  reputed  in  the  town 
a  most  perfect  judiciary,  as  all  or  the  greatest  part  of  such 
men  are.' 

'  For  all  that,'  said  Sancho,  *  I  would  you  would  bid 
Master  Peter  ask  his  ape  whether  all  were  true  that  befel 
you  in  Montesinos'  Cave ;  for  I  think,  under  correction, 
all  was  cogging  and  lying,  or  at  least  but  a  dream.'  '  All 
might  be,'  said  Don  Quixote;  'yet  I  will  do  as  thou  dost 
advise  me,  though  I  have  one  scruple  remaining.' 

Whilst  they  were  thus  communing.  Master  Peter  came 
to  call  Don  Quixote,  and  to  tell  him  that  the  motion 
was  now  up,  if  he  would  please  to  see  it,  which  would  give 
him  content.  Don  Quixote  told  him  his  desire,  and 
wished  that  his  ape  might  tell  him  if  certain  things  that 
befel  him  in  Montesinos'  Cave  were  true  or  but  dreams, 
for  himself  was  uncertain  whether.  Master  Peter,  without 
answering  a  word,  fetched  his  ape,  and,  putting  him  before 
Don  Quixote  and  Sancho,  said,  '  Look  you,  master  ape, 
Signior  Don  Quixote  would  have  you  tell  him  whether 
certain  things  that  happened  to  him  in  Montesinos'  Cave 
were  true  or  false.'  And,  making  the  accustomed  sign, 
the  ape  whipped  upon  his  left  shoulder,  and,  seeming  to 


Chap.  XXV         THE   PROPHESYING  APE  365 

speak  to  him  in  his  ear,  Master  Peter  straight  interpreted: 
*  The  ape,  signior,  says  that  part  of  those  things  are  false 
and  part  of  them  true,  and  this  is  all  he  knows  touching 
this  demand ;  and  now  his  virtue  is  gone  from  him,  and, 
if  you  will  know  any  more,  you  must  expect  till  Friday 
next,  and  then  he  will  answer  you  all  you  will  ask,  for  his 
virtue  will  not  return  till  then/ 

'  Law  ye  there  ! '  quoth  Sancho,  *  did  not  I  tell  you  that 
I  could  not  believe  that  all  you  said  of  Montesinos'  Cave 
could  hold  current  ? '  '  The  success  hereafter  will  de- 
termine that,*  quoth  Don  Quixote, '  for  time,  the  discoverer 
of  all  things,  brings  everything  to  the  sun's  light,  though 
it  be  hidden  in  the  bosom  of  the  earth.  And  now  let  this 
suffice,  and  let  us  go  see  the  motion,  for  I  believe  we  shall 
have  some  strange  novelty.'  '  Some  strange  one  ! '  quoth 
Master  Peter ;  '  this  motion  of  mine  hath  a  thousand 
strange  ones.  I  tell  you,  signior,  it  is  one  of  the  rarest 
things  to  be  seen  in  the  world ;  "  Operibus  credite  et  non 
verbis,"  and  now  to  work,  for  it  is  late,  and  we  have  much 
to  do,  say,  and  show.' 

Don  Quixote  and  Sancho  obeyed,  and  went  where  the 
motion  was  set  and  opened,  all  full  of  little  wax-lights, 
that  made  it  most  sightly  and  glorious.  Master  Peter 
straight  clapped  himself  within  it,  who  was  he  that  was  to 
manage  the  artificial  puppets,  and  without  stood  his  boy  to 
interpret  and  declare  the  mysteries  of  the  motion ;  in  his 
hand  he  had  a  white  wand,  with  which  he  pointed  out  the 
several  shapes  that  came  in  and  out.  Thus,  all  that  were 
in  the  vent  being  placed,  and  some  standing  over  against 
the  motion,  Don  Quixote,  Sancho,  the  scholar,  and  the 
page  placed  in  the  best  seats,  the  trudgeman^  began  to 
speak  what  shall  be  heard  or  seen  by  him  that  shall  hear 
or  read  the  next  chapter. 

^  *  El  Trujaman^  'an  interpreter  amongst  the  Turks,  but  here  taken 
for  any  in  general. 

END    OF    VOL.    II. 


GLASGOW  :    PRINTED  AT  THE   UNIVERSITY   PRESS   BY  ROBERT   MACLEHOSE  AND   CO. 


/ 


JUL  1 

^l    JAN  n 


'sm 


tiMi>9f 


JUN  i  8  fc 


^uak 


JUN 


1  ij  iuJi 


5  1997 


r     J/. 


ni- 


DEC  7  0  'noi 


UETO 


2011 


lttR2o  'W' 


JAN  2  I  1997 

jANiuBr 


FEB  2 


S  1937 


^i^ 


oitsff 


38-297 


BRIGHAM  YOUNG  UNIVERSITY 


3  1197  20600  6386 


