GEORGE R.
 GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, King of
Great-Britain, France and Ireland; Defender of the
Faith, &c. To all to whom theſe Preſents ſhall come,
Greeting. Whereas our Truſty, and Well-beloved Lewis Theobald, of
our City of London, Gent. hath, by his Petition, humbly repreſented
to Us, That He having, at a conſiderable Expence, Purchaſed the
Manuſcript Copy of an Original Play of WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, called,
Double Falſhood; Or, the Diſtreſt Lovers; and, with
great Labour and Pains, Reviſed, and Adapted the ſame to the Stage; has
humbly beſought Us, to grant him Our Royal Privilege, and Licence, for the
ſole Printing and Publiſhing thereof, for the Term of Fourteen Years: We,
being willing to give all due Encouragement to this his Undertaking, are
graciouſly pleaſed to condeſcend to his Requeſt: and do therefore, by
theſe Preſents, ſo far as may be agreeable to the Statute in that Behalf
made and provided, for Us, Our Heirs, and Succeſſors, grant unto Him, the
ſaid Lewis Theobald, his Executors, Adminiſtrators, and
Aſſigns, Our Royal Licence, for the ſole Printing and Publiſhing the
ſaid Play, in ſuch Size and Manner, as He and They ſhall think fit, for
the Term of Fourteen Years, to be computed from the Date hereof; ſtrictly
forbidding all our Subjects within our Kingdoms and Dominions, to Reprint the
ſame, either in the like, or in any other Size, or Manner whatſoever; or to
Import, Buy, Vend, Utter or Diſtribute any Copies thereof, Reprinted beyond
the Seas, during the aforeſaid Term of Fourteen Years, without the Conſent,
or Approbation of the ſaid Lewis Theobald, his Heirs, Executors, and
Aſſigns, under his, or their Hands and Seals firſt had, and obtained; as
they will anſwer the contrary at their Peril▪—Whereof the
Commiſſioners, and other Officers of our Cuſtoms, the Maſter, Warden,
and Company of Stationers, are to take Notice, that the ſame may be entred in
the Regiſter of the ſaid Company, and that due Obedience be rendred
thereunto. Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifth Day of
December, 1727; in the Firſt Year of Our Reign.
 By His Majeſty's Command,
HOLLES NEWCASTLE.
[[PAGE simple:additions]]
 Double Falſhood; OR, The DISTREST LOVERS.
 A PLAY, As it is Acted at the THEATRE-ROYAL IN DRURY-LANE.
 Written Originally by W. SHAKESPEARE; And now Reviſed
and Adapted to the Stage By Mr. THEOBALD, the Author of Shakeſpeare
Reſtor'd.
 —Quod optanti Divûm promittere nemo
 Auderet, volvenda Dies, en! attulit ultrò.
 Virg.
 LONDON: Printed by J. WATTS, at the Printing-Office in
Wild-Court near Lincolns-Inn Fields. M DCC XXVIII.
[[PAGE]]
 To the Right HONOURABLE George Dodington,
 Eſq
 SIR,
 NOTHING can more ſtrongly ſecond the Pleaſure I feel, from
the UniverſalApplauſe which crowns this Orphan Play, than this
Other which I take in preſuming to ſhelter it under Your Name. I bear ſo
dear an Affection to the Writings and Memory of SHAKESPEARE, that, as it is my
good Fortune to retrieve this Remnant of his Pen from Obſcurity, ſo it is
my greateſt Ambition that 
[[PAGE]]
 this Piece ſhould be received into
the Protection of ſuch a Patron: And, I hope, Future Times, when they mean to
pay Shakeſpeare the beſt Compliment, will remember to ſay, Mr.
DODINGTON was that Friend to his Remains, which his own SOUTHAMPTON
was to his living Merit.
 It is from the fine Diſcernment of our Patrons, that we
can generally beſt promiſe Ourſelves the good Opinion of the Publick.
You are not only a diſtinguiſh'd Friend of the Muſes,
but moſt intimately allied to them: And from hence it is I
flatter Myſelf, that if You ſhall think fit to pronounce this Piece
genuine, it will ſilence the Cenſures of thoſe Unbelievers, who
think it impoſſible a 
[[PAGE]]
 Manuſcript of Shakeſpeare
could ſo long have lain dormant; and who are blindly paying Me a greater
Compliment than either They deſign, or I can merit, while they cannot but
confeſs Themſelves pleaſed, yet would fain inſinuate that they
are impoſed upon. I ſhould eſteem it ſome Sort of
Virtue, were I able to commit ſo agreeable a
Cheat.
 But pardon Me, Sir, for a Digreſſion that perverts the very
Rule of Dedications. I own, I have my Reaſons for it. As, SIR, your known
Integrity, and Honour engages the warmeſt Wiſhes of all good Men for your
Proſperity, ſo your known Diſtinction in polite Letters, and your
generous Encouragement of Thoſe who pretend to them, obliges us to
conſider your Advancement 
[[PAGE]]
 as our own perſonal Intereſt, and
as a good Omen, at leaſt, if not as the ſureſt Means of the future
flouriſhing Condition of thoſe Humane Arts amongſt us, which We
profeſs, and which You adorn. But neither Your Modeſty,
nor my Inability will ſuffer me to enter upon that Subject. Permit me
therefore, SIR, to convert Panegyrick into a moſt ardent Wiſh,
that You would look with a Tender Eye on this dear Relick, and that
you would believe me, with the moſt unfeigned Zeal and Reſpect,
 SIR,
 Your moſt Devoted and Obedient Humble Servant, LEW.
THEOBALD.
 Great Ruſſell-ſtree,
21ſt December, 1727.
[[PAGE]]
 PREFACE OF THE EDITOR.
 THE Succeſs, which this Play has met with from the Town in the
Repreſentation, (to ſay nothing of the Reception it found from thoſe
Great Judges, to whom I have had the Honour of communicating it in
Manuſcript;) has almoſt made the Purpoſe of a Preface unneceſſary:
And therefore what I have to ſay, is deſign'd rather to wipe out a flying
Objection to two, than to labour at proving it the Production of
Shakeſpeare. It has been alledg'd as incredible, that ſuch a
Curioſity ſhould be ſtifled and loſt to the World for above a Century.
To This my Anſwer is ſhort; that tho' it never till now made its Appearance
on the Stage, yet one of the Manuſcript Copies, which I have, is of above
Sixty Years Standing, in the Handwriting of Mr. Downes, the famous
Old Prompter; and, as I am credibly inform'd, was early in the
Poſſeſſion of the celebrated Mr. Betterton, and by Him
deſign'd to have been uſher'd into the World. What Accident prevented This
Purpoſe of his, I do not pretend to know: Or thro' what hands it had
ſucceſſively paſs'd before that Period of Time. There is a Tradition
(which I have from the Noble Perſon, who ſupply'd me with One of my Copies)
that it was given by our Author, as a Preſent of Value, to a Natural Daughter
of his, for whoſe Sake he wrote it, in the Time of his Retirement from the
Stage. Two other Copies I have, (one of which I was glad to purchaſe
[[PAGE]]
 at a very good Rate,) which may not, perhaps, be quite ſo Old as
the Former; but One of Them is much more perfect, and has fewer Flaws and
Interruptions in the Senſe.
 Another Objection has been ſtarted, (which would carry much more
Weight with it, were it Fact;) that the Tale of this Play, being built upon a
Novel in Don Quixot, Chronology is againſt Us, and
Shakeſpeare could not be the Author. But it happens, that Don
Quixot was publiſh'd in the Year 1611, and Shakeſpeare did
not dye till April 1616, a ſufficient Interval of Time for All that
We want granted.
 Others again, to depreciate the Affair, as they thought, have been
pleaſed to urge, that tho' the Play may have ſome Reſemblances of
Shakeſpeare, yet the Colouring, Diction, and
Characters, come nearer to the Style and Manner of FLETCHER. This, I
think, is far from deſerving any Anſwer; I ſubmit it to the Determination
of better Judgments; tho' my Partiality for Shakeſpeare makes me
wiſh, that Every Thing which is good, or pleaſing, in our Tongue, had been
owing to his Pen.
 As to the Performance of the reſpective Actors
concern'd in this Play, my applauding It here would be altogether
ſuperfluous. The Publick has diſtinguiſh'd and given them a Praiſe,
much beyond Any that can flow from my Pen. But I have ſome particular
Acknowledgments to make to the Managers of this Company, for which I
am glad to embrace ſo fair an Opportunity.
 I came to Them at this Juncture as an Editor, not an
Author, and have met with ſo much Candour, and handſome Treatment
from Them, that I am willing to believe, the Complaint, which has ſo commonly
obtain'd, of their Diſregard and ill Behaviour to Writers, has been more
ſeverely urg'd, than it is juſtly grounded. They muſt certainly be too
good Judges of their own Intereſt, not to know that a Theatre cannot always
ſubſiſt on old Stock, but that the Town requires Novelty at their Hands.
On the other Hand, they muſt be ſo far Judges of their own Art and
Profeſſion, as to know that all the Compoſitions, which are offer'd them,
would never go down with Audiences of ſo nice and delicate a Taſte, as in
this Age frequent the Theatres. It would be very hard upon ſuch a Community,
where ſo many Intereſts are concern'd, and ſo much Merit in their
Buſineſs allow'd, if they had not a Priviledge of refuſing ſome crude
Pieces, too imperfect for the Entertainment of the Publick I would not be
thought to inferr, that they have never diſcourag'd what They might,
perhaps, afterwards wiſh they had receiv'd. They do not, I believe, ſet up
for ſuch a Conſtant 
[[PAGE]]
 Infallibility. But if We do but fairly
conſider out of above Four Thouſand Plays extant, how ſmall a Number
will now ſtand the Teſt: if We do but conſider too, how often a raw
Performance has been extoll'd by the Partiality of private Friendſhip; and
what a Clamour of Injury has been rais'd from that Quarter, upon ſuch
Performance meeting a Repulſe; we may pretty eaſily account for the Grounds
upon which they proceeded in diſcountenancing ſome Plays, and the harſh
Things that are thrown out upon their giving a Repulſe to others.
 But I ſhould beg Pardon for interfering in this Queſtion, in
which I am properly neither Party, nor Judge. I am only throwing out a private
Opinion, without Intereſt or Prejudice, and if I am right in the Notion,
Valeat quantum valere poteſt.
[[PAGE]]
 PROLOGUE.
 Written by PHILIP FROWDE,
 Eſq
 And Spoken by Mr. WILKS.
 AS in ſome Region, where indulgent Skies
 Enrich the Soil, a thouſand Plants ariſe
 Frequent and bold; a thouſand Landskips meet
 Our raviſht View, irregularly ſweet:
 We gaze, divided, now on Theſe, now Thoſe;
 While All one beauteous Wilderneſs compoſe.
 Such SHAKESPEARE's Genius was:—Let
Britons boaſt
 The glorious Birth, and, eager, ſtrive who moſt
 Shall celebrate his Verſe; for while we raiſe
 Trophies of Fame to him, ourſelves we praiſe▪
 Diſplay the Talents of a Britiſh Mind,
 Where All is great, free, open, unconfin'd.
 Be it our Pride, to reach his daring Flight;
 And reliſh Beauties, he alone could write.
 Moſt modern Authors, fearful to aſpire,
 With Imitation cramp their genial Fire;
 The well-ſchemed Plan keep ſtrict before their Eyes,
 Dwell on Proportions, trifling Decencies;
 While noble Nature all neglected lies.
 Nature, that claims Precedency of Place,
 Perfection's Baſis, and eſſential Grace!
[[PAGE]]
 Nature ſo intimately SHAKESPEARE
knew,
 From her firſt Springs his Sentiments he drew;
 Moſt greatly wild they flow; and, when moſt wild, yet
true.
 While Theſe, ſecure in what the Criticks teach,
 Of ſervile Laws ſtill dread the dangerous Breach;
 His vaſt, unbounded, Soul diſdain'd their Rule,
 Above the Precepts of the Pedant School!
 Oh! could the Bard, reviſiting our Light,
 Receive theſe Honours done his Shade To-night,
 How would he bleſs the Scene this Age diſplays,
 Tranſcending his Eliza's golden Days!
 When great AUGUSTUS fills the Britiſh
Throne,
 And his lov'd Conſort makes the Muſe her own.
 How would he joy, to ſee fair Merit's Claim
 Thus anſwer'd in his own reviving Fame!
 How cry with Pride—" Oblivion I forgive;
 " This my laſt Child to lateſt Times ſhall
live:
 " Loſt to the World, well for the Birth it
ſtay'd;
 " To this auſpicious Aera well delay'd.
[[PAGE]]
 EPILOGUE.
 Written by a Friend.
 Spoken by Mrs. OLDFIELD.
 WELL, Heaven defend us from theſe ancient Plays,
 Theſe Moral Bards of good Queen Beſs's Days!
 They write from Virtue's Laws, and think no further;
 But draw a Rape as dreadful as a Murther.
 You modern Wits, more deeply vers'd in Nature,
 Can tip the wink, to tell us, you know better;
 As who ſhou'd ſay—" 'Tis no ſuch killing
Matter—
 " We've heard old Stories told, and yet ne'er wonder'd,
 " Of many a Prude, that has endur'd a Hundred:
 " And Violante grieves, or we're miſtaken,
 " Not, becauſe raviſht; but
becauſe—forſaken.—
 Had this been written to the modern Stage,
 Her Manners had been copy'd from the Age.
 Then, tho' ſhe had been once a little wrong,
 She ſtill had had the Grace to've held her Tongue;
 And after all, with downcaſt Looks, been led
 Like any Virgin to the Bridal Bed.
 There, if the good Man queſtion'd her Miſ-doing,
 She'd ſtop him ſhort—" Pray, who made you ſo
knowing?
 " What, doubt my Virtue!—What's your baſe Intention?
 " Sir, that's a Point above your Comprehenſion.—
[[PAGE]]
 Well, Heav'n be prais'd, the Virtue of our Times
 Secures us from our Gothick Grandſires Crimes.
 Rapes, Magick, new Opinions, which before
 Have fill'd our Chronicles, are now no more:
 And this reforming Age may juſtly boaſt,
 That dreadful Sin Polygamy is loſt.
 So far from multiplying Wives, 'tis known
 Our Husbands find, they've Work enough with one.—
 Then, as for Rapes, thoſe dangerous days are paſt;
 Our Dapper Sparks are ſeldom in ſuch haſte.
 In SHAKESPEARE's Age the Engliſh Youth
inſpir'd,
 Lov'd, as they fought, by him and Beauty fir'd.
 'Tis yours to crown the Bard, whoſe Magick Strain
 Cou'd charm the Heroes of that glorious Reign,
 Which humbled to the Duſt the Pride of Spain.
[[PAGE]]
 Dramatis Perſonae.
 MEN▪
 Duke Angelo.
 Mr. Corey.
 Roderick, his Elder Son.
 Mr. Mills.
 Henriquez, his Younger Son.
 Mr. Wilks.
 Don Bernard, Father to Leonora.
 Mr. Harper.
 Camillo, Father to Julio.
 Mr. Griffin.
 Julio, in Love with Leonora.
 Mr. Booth.
 Citizen.
 Mr. Oates.
 Maſter of the Flocks.
 Mr. Bridgwater▪
 Firſt Shepherd.
 Mr. Norris.
 Second Shepherd.
 Mr. Ray.
 WOMEN.
 Leonora.
 Mrs. Porter.
 Violante.
 Mrs. Booth.
 SCENE, the Province of Andaluſia in
Spain.
[[PAGE]]
 DOUBLE FALSHOOD; OR, The DISTREST LOVERS.
 