B  ^  iiD  124 


ENGLISH   LIBRARY 


UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA. 


-.4 


i 


ROSCIUS    ANGLICANUS, 

OR,  AN 

HISTORICAL     REVIEW 

OF  THE 

STAGE 

From    1660  to  1706, 
BY 

JOHN    DOWNES. 


A  Facsimile  Reprint  of  the  Rare  Original  of  1708. 
WITH    AN    HISTORICAL    PREFACE 

BY 

JOSEPH     KNIGHT. 


ON: 

J.   W.   JARVIS    &    SON, 

28,    KING    WILLIAM    STREET,    STRAND. 

1886. 


Biaiiii 


Ef^GL, 


UB. 


FD. 


Ni. 


ONE   HUNDRED  AND   THIRTY-FIVE   COPIES 

ARE  PRINTED   OF   THIS  BOOK, 
of  which 

125  COPIES  ONLY  ARE  FOR  SALE. 

5  „  For  the  British  Museum  and  Public 

Libraries. 
S  „  For  Private  Distribution. 


135 


All  of  which  are  Numbered  and  Signed. 


PREFACE 
BY  THE  EDITOR. 


"pOR  his  knowledge  of  the  stage  before  Colley  Gibber 
began  his  matchless,  if  not  always  trustworthy  Apo- 
logy, the  student  of  theatrical  history  is  indebted  to 
comparatively  few  books.  In  Pepys's  Memoirs  appetising 
glimpses  into  the  performances  of  Restoration  dramas 
are  afforded,  and  more  or  less  curious  information  con- 
cerning play-houses,  actors,  and  authors,  in  Tudor  and 
Stuart  times  is  to  be  gleaned  in  the  plays,  tracts,  and 
prologues  of  writers  from  Nash  and  Heywood,  to  Dave- 
nant,  Dryden,  and  Flecknoe,  from  the  Histrio-mastix  of 
Prynne,  1633,  and  from  Wright's  Historia  Histrionica, 
1699.  The  one  work,  however,  from  whichji  history  of 
the  stage,  from  the  period  of  the  Restoratfon  to  the 
beginning  of  the  eighteenth  century  can  be  obtained,  is 
the  Roscius  Anglicanus  of  John  Downes,  now  for  the 
first  time  reprinted  in  its  original  shape.  The  first  edi- 
tion of  this  work  is,  as  collectors  know,  so  scarce  that  a 
copy  of  it  can  rarely  be  obtained.  It  was  spoken  of  as 
"extremely  scarce"  by  Waldron,  who  in  1789 — from  the 
same  copy  from  which  the  present  facsimile  is  taken — 
printed  an  edition,  itself  far  from  common,  with  the  ad- 
dition of  notes  by  Thomas  Davies,  the  bookseller,  the 
author  of  the  Life  of  Garrick,  and  of  Dramatic  Miscel- 
lanies, and  by  himself. 

In  the  sale  catalogue  of  the  library  of  Henderson,  the 


VI  EDITOR  S   PREFACE. 

actor,  the  coj)y  from  which  both  reprints  are  taken  was 
announced.  The  volume,  according  to  Waldron,  was 
"  claimed  as  the  property  of  the  Hon.  Mr.  {sic)  Byng," 
by  whom  it  had  been  lent  to  Henderson,  and  who  had 
purchased  it  from  the  widow  of  Davies. 

John  Downes  was,  as  his  address  to  the  reader  states, 
book-keeper  and  prompter  to  the  theatre  in  Lincoln's 
Inn  Fields,  from  its  opening  in  1662,  until  October, 
1706.  By  a  quotation  from  "The  Spanish  Tragedy,  or 
Hieronimo  is  Mad  Again,"  by  Thomas  Kyd,  Waldron 
shews  that  book-keeper  means  what  Ben  Johson  in  the 
Introduction  to  "Cynthia's  Revels,"  calls  the  book-holder, 
the  individual  who  holds  or  keeps  the  manuscript  or 
book  of  the  play. 

Of  the  life  of  Downes  little,  except  what  he  himself 
tells  us,  is  known.  With  many  defects  as  a  chronicler, 
springing  in  part  from  the  entire  absence  of  any  literary 
gift,  but  in  a  still  higher  degree  from  his  not  unnatural 
forgetfulness  that  future  generations  might  be  greatly 
concerned,  with  matters  which  to  him,  appeared  too 
trivial  for  mention,  Downes  supplies  the  most  trust- 
worthy information  we  possess  concerning  the  stage 
during  the  period  when  its  licence  was  greatest,  and  when 
its  changes  and  transmutations  were  most  important. 
To  mention  two  things  only  ;  it  is  during  the  period 
covered  by  the  review  of  Downes,  that  the  use  of  scenery 
began,  and  that  women  first  appeared  regularly  on  the 
stage  as  the  exponents  of  feminine  characters.  That  there 
were  actresses,  of  a  sort,  in  classical  times  is  known,  and 
that  English  ladies  of  rank  took  part  from  an  early  time, 
in  dramatic  entertainments,  revels  at  Court,  and  the  like 
has  been  shown.  No  English  woman  appeared,  however, 
upon  a  public  stage  until  1656,  and  then,  as  will  be 
shown,  she  was  not  allowed  to  speak,  but  only  to  sing. 


EDITORS   PREFACE.  VU 

In  Brome's  "  Court-Beggar,"  acted  at  the  Cock-pit,  1632, 
are  the  words  "  Women  actors  now  grow  in  request" 
This  has  been  supposed  to  indicate  that  female  cha- 
racters in  English  plays  had  then  been  assigned  to  women. 
It  more  probably  refers  to  the  fact  stated  by  Prynne,  that 
"  not  long  since  "  (Michaelmas,  1629), ''  they  had  French- 
women Actors  in  a  play  personated  in  Blacke-friers 
Play-house,  to  which  there  was  great  resort."  *  According 
to  a  letter  from  one  Thomas  Brande,  8th  Nov.,  1629, 
these  Frenchwomen  were  "  hissed,  hooted,  and  pippen 
pelted  from  the  stage." 

In  "The  Ball"  of  Shirley  and  Chapman,  1639,  Jack 
Freshwater,  a  pretended  traveller,  asserts  that  in  Paris 
"the  women  are  the  best  actors,  they  play  their  own 
parts,  a  thing  much  desired  in  England  by  some  ladies, 
inns  o'  court  gentlemen,  and  others."t  It  may  safely 
then,  be  assumed  that  the  women  whose  performances 
Downes  chronicles,  were  the  first  English  actresses  who 
appeared  upon  the  stage  to  speak  the  words  of  a  play. 
In  Davenant's  patent  it  is  expressly  said,  that  "  Whereas 
the  women's  parts  in  plays  have  hitherto  been  acted  by 
men  in  the  habits  of  women,  at  which  some  have  taken 
offence,  we  do  permit  and  give  leave  for  the  time  to 
come  that  all  womens  parts  be  acted  by  women. "J 
The  discussion  of  the  question,  abundantly  ventilated, 
whether  the  women  mentioned  by  classical  writers  as 
appearing  on  the  stage,  were  actresses  or  dancers,  is 
outside  the  present  subject. 

*  Histrio-mastix,  p.  215. 

+  Act  v.,  Sc,  i. 

%  Given  in  "  The  State  of  the  Case  between  the  Lord  Chamberlain 
of  his  Majesty's  Household,  and  Sir  Richard  Steele,  as  Represented 
by  that  Knight,"  London,  1720. 


Viil  EDITOR  S   PREFACE. 

Concerning  the  actresses  who  appeared  in  the  comedies 
of  the  Restoration,  Downes  supplies  particulars  which 
are  always  interesting,  and  sometimes  not  a  little  naive. 
He  chronicles  moreover  (p.  46),  the  engagement  of  foreign 
women :  Madam  Sublini,  Margarita  Delpine,  Maria 
Gallia,  and  others  ;  and  states  that  Madam  Delpine  had 
by  modest  computation,  got  "  by  the  Stage  and  Gentry, 
above  T  0,000  guineas,"  an  almost  incredible  sum  for 
those  days. 

So  early  then  as  the  seventeenth  century,  foreign  artists 
had  found  London  a  happy  hunting  ground. 

Freshwater,  in  "  The  Ball,"  whom  I  have  previously 
quoted,  says,  in  words  which  even  then,  1639,  had 
special  significance,  and  were  likely  to  "  draw  down  the 
house,"  "  You  must  encourage  strangers  while  you  live  : 
it  is  the  character  of  our  nation,  we  are  famous  for  de- 
jecting our  own  countrymen."*  He  is  in  this  case  re- 
ferring to  portrait  painters  and  not  to  actors,  but  the 
analogy  between  the  two  holds  good. 

A  just  but  a  timid  critic,  Downes  seldom  warms  into 
eloquence  or  poetry  except,  when  dealing  with  women. 
He  describes  how  the  famous  Mrs.  Barry,  when  she 
acted  Monimia  (in  "The  Orphan  "),  Belvidera  (in  "  Ven- 
ice Preserved"),  and  Isabella  (in  "The  Fatal  Marriage"), 
"forced  tears  from  the  eyes  of  her  auilitory,  especially  those 
who  have  any  sense  of  pity  for  the  distressed  ; "  while  of 
the  potent  and  magnetick  charm  "  of  Mrs.  Braccginlle  in 
"performing  a  song"  in  Crowne's  ''Justice  Busy,"  he 
states,  with  unwonted  enthusiam,  that  it "  caus'd  the  stones 
of  the  streets  to  fly  into  men's  faces,"  a  miracle  a  little 
diftjcult  of  comprehension,  and  more  satisfactory  to  hear 
of  than  to  experience  Of  the  Ixau  sexe  in  general  he  is 
indeed  an  admirer,  his  duties  as  prompter  or  book 
•  Act  iii.,  Sc.  iii. 


EDITORS   PREFACE.  IX 

holder  being  not  too  onerous  to  incapacitate  him  for 
noticing  the  "  daily  charming  presence  "  of  the  ladies  of 
the  Court  at  the  performance  of  Lee's  "  Theodosius,  or 
the  Force  of  Love."  Mrs,  Long,  too,  in  the  "  Woman 
made  a  Justice,"  is  credited  with  acting  the  Justice 
"  charmingly,"  and  for  Mrs.  Davies  the  same  epithet  is 
reserved.  Downes  is  indeed  our  authority  for  the  asser- 
tion that  in  the  part  of  Celia,  a  shepherdess  (should  be 
Celania,  the  Jailor's  daughter),  in  "  The  Rivals,"  an 
alteration  by  Sir  William  Davenant  of  "  The  Two  Noble 
Kinsmen,"  in  giving  the  well-known  song,  "  My  Lodg- 
ng  is  on  the  cold  ground,"  Mrs.  Davies  *'  perform'd 
that  so  charmingly,  that  not  long  after,  it  raised  her 
from  the  cold  ground  to  a  bed  royal." 

The  statement  is  correct.  Genest,  however,  in  his 
"  Account  of  the  English  stage  "  is  at  the  pains  to  con« 
tradict  it.  "Charles  the  2nd,"  says  Genest,  "did  not 
take  Mrs.  Davis  into  keeping."  This,  for  a  writer 
so  careful  as  Genest,  is  a  sad  blunder.  Never  indeed, 
was  a  worse  shot.  Pepys  supplies  abundant  particulars 
concerning  the  royal  favourite,  and  the  jealousies  she 
caused.  First  he  depicts  little  Miss  Davis,  March  7th, 
166J,  dancing  a  jigg,  which  was  "infinitely  beyond  the 
other,"  the  other  being  Nell  Gwyn.  He  then,  Jan. 
14th,  i66|,  tells  how  the  King  has  given  her  a  ring  of 
;;^7oo,  and  has  "  furnished  a  house  in  Suffolke-street,  most 
richly  for  her."  On  the  31st  May,  1668,  he  describes  how 
the  Queen  would  not  stay  to  see  the  jigg  Mrs.  Davis  had 
to  dance,  "  which  most  people  do  think  was  out  of  dis- 
pleasure at  her  being  the  King's  mistress,  that  she  could 
not  bear  it,"  and  depicts  my  Lady  Castlemaine  "  mightily 
out  of  request,"  and  "mighty  melancholy  and  discon- 
tented." One  more  picture  coloured  to  the  life,  the  old 
gossip  presents,  in  Dec.  21st  of  the  same  year.      After 


X  editor's  preface. 

telling  how  his  wife  appeared  "as  pretty  as  any  of  them  " 
in  the  theatre,  and  how  the  King  and  the  Duke  of  York 
"  minded  him,  and  smiled  at  him,"  he  continues,  "  But  it 
vexed  me  to  see  Moll  Davis  in  the  box  over  the  King's 
and  my  Lady  Castlemaine,  look  down  upon  the  King, 
and  he  up  to  her;  and  so  did  my  Lady  Castlemaine 
once,  to  see  who  it  was  ;  but  when  she  saw  Moll  Davis, 
she  looked  like  fire  ;  which  troubled  me." 

Genest  can  indeed,  never  have  heard  the  story  pre- 
served by  Grainger  in  a  note  to  his  Biographical  History 
of  England,  of  the  rivalry  between  Moll  Davies  and 
Nell  Gwynn.  "  It  would  be  too  indelicate  to  mention 
the  particular  consequences  of  the  jalap,  which  was 
given  to  Moll  Davies  at  supper  by  Nell  Gwynn,  who 
knew  that  she  was  to  lie  the  same  night  with  the  King. 
It  is  sufficient  to  hint  at  the  violence  of  its  operation, 
and  the  disastrous  effects  :  such  effects  as  the  ancients 
would  have  attributed  to  .\nteros,  a  malignant  deity, 
and  the  avowed  enemy  of  Cupid."* 
J  According  to  Pepys,  Moll  Davies  was  an  illegitimate 

daughter  of  Colonel  Howard,  my  Lord  Berkshire,  who 
"got  her  for  the  King."  The  result  of  this  royal  intrigue 
wns  a  daughter,  named  Mary  Tudor,  married  in 
1687  to  the  son  of  .^ir  Francis  Ratcliffe,  who  became 
Earl  of  Derwentwater.  The  unfortunate  Earl  who 
perished  on  Tower  Hill  was  the  son  of  this  Mary  Tudor, 
whose  death  is  thus  noticed  in  the  Historical  Register  for 
1726,  Vol.  n.  "  1726,  Nov.  5. — Dy'd  at  Paris,  aged  53 
years,  or  thereabouts.  The  Ladv  Mary  Tudor,  Countess 
of  Derwentwater,  relict  of  Francis  Ratcliffe,  second  Earl 
of  Derwentwater,  who  had  issue  by  her — three  sons  and 
one  dnughter — viz.  :  J.iniep,  who  succeeded  his  father  in 
the   Earldom,  and  was  beheaded   for  high  treason,  on 

•  Vol.  iv.,  p.  1S7.  rd.  1775 


editor's  preface.  xi 

Tower  Hill,  in  17 16;  Francis,  and  Charles,  and  the 
Lady  Mary  Tudor.  She  was  twice  marry'd  after  the 
death  of  the  Earl,  her  first  husband,  viz.  :    first  to  Henry 

Grahame,  Esq, ;    and  after  his  decease  to Rooke, 

Esq.,  son  of  Brigadier-General  Rooke." 

In  "  Epigrams  of  all  sorts  made  at  Divers  Times,  on 
Severall  Occasions,"  by  Richard  Flecknoe,  London, 
1670,  p.  43,  is  an  "epigram"  to  Mrs.  Davies  on  her 
excellent  dancing.  This  commences  "  Dear  Mis,"'  and 
is  noteworthy  as  an  exceptionally  early  instance  of 
addressing  an  unmarried  woman  as  Miss,  without,  it 
may  be  supposed,  intending  to  cast  an  imputation  upon 
her  morals,  such  as  at  that  time  the  use  of  the  word 
sometimes  involved. 

It  has  been  supposed  by  Waldron,  that  the  elevation 
to  the  "bed  royal"  justified  Downes  in  bestowing  the 
title  of  Madame  instead  of  that  of  Mrs.  ;  Downes  how- 
ever, does  not  confine  the  tide  to  the  recipients  of  royal 
homage,  since  he  confers  it  on  Mrs.  Bracegirdle,  who 
had  no  such  qualification. 

At  page  35,  Downes  mentioning  the  losses  undergone 
by  the  company  previous  to  1673,  states  of  Mrs.  Daven- 
port, Mrs.  Davies,  and  Mrs.  Jennings,  in  the  peculiar 
phraseology  he  affects,  that  they  "  by  force  of  love,  were 
erept  the  stage."  There  seems  every  reason  to  believe 
that  Mrs.  Davenport  was  the  heroine  of  an  adventure 
which  Davies  in  his  notes  to  the  "  Roscius  Anglicanus"  and 
again  in  his  "  Dramatic  Miscellanies  "  (iii.  277 — 9),  assigns 
to  Mrs.  Marshall.  This  adventure  is  told  in  "  Grammont's 
Memoirs,"  by  Mrs.  Hobart,  of  the  Earl  of  Oxford  and  the 
"handsome,  gi-aceful  actress,  belonging  to  the  duke's 
theatre,  who  performed  to  perfection,  particularly  the  part 
of  Roxana,  in  a  very  fashionable  new  play,  insomuch  that 


xii  editor's  preface. 

she  ever  after  retained  that  name."*  According  to  this 
story,  the  Earl  who  was  madly  in  love  with  the  actress, 
and  was  unable  by  any  protestations  or  promises  of 
marriage  to  overcome  her  resistance,  came  to  her 
lodgings  attended  by  a  clergyman  and  a  witness,  and 
went  solemnly  through  the  wedding  ceremony. 

Upon  investigation,  it  proved  that  "  the  pretended 
priest  was  one  of  my  lord's  trmnpeters,  and  the  witness 
his  kettle-drummer." t  Appeals  to  Charles  I.  to  avenge 
her  outraged  honour  upon  the  part  of  the  woman,  thus 
ill-treated  by  the  High  and  Mighty  Prince,  Aubrey  de 
Vera,  Knight  of  the  Garter,  Colonel  of  the  Royal 
Regiment  of  Life  Guards,  and  possessor  then,  or  sub- 
sequently, of  many  offices  of  honour,  trust  and 
emoluments,  were  vain ;  no  redress  was  obtained, 
and  the  victim  was  ultimately  compelled  to 
accept  a  pension  of  a  thousand  crowns,  or  according  to 
Curll's  History  of  the  Stage,  o{^s°°-+  Curll  departs  in 
many  particulars  from  the  story  narrated  by  Hamilton, 
and  rightly  calls  the  heroine  of  the  adventure  Roxalana 
instead  of  Roxana.  As,  however,  he  is  the  worst 
authority  conceivable,  his  statements  are  entitled  to 
no  more  credit  than  is  the  assertion  of  Walpole, 
that  the  actress  in  question  was  a  Mrs.  Rarker,  of 
whose  existence  no  trace  is  preserved.  Mrs.  Marshall 
was  the  original  Roxana  of  Lee's  "  Rival  Queens," 
produced  at  the  Theatre  Royal  in  1677,  and  the 
story  was  consc(iucntly,  attributed  to  her.  Malone,  and 
after  him  Genest,§  suppose  however,  the  heroine  to  have 
been    Mrs.   Davenport,  who   acted    Roxalana  in  "  The 

*  Graminont's  Memoirs,  Kd.  IJohii,  p.  230. 
+  Ibia.,  p.  231. 
t  p.  35. 
§  Account  of  the  Stajjc,  Vol.  i.,  p.  49. 


EDITORS    PREFACE.  XIU 

Siege  of  Rhodes,"  of  Davenant,  at  the  Lincoln's  Inn 
Fields  Theatre  in  1661  ;  and  a  second  Roxalana  in  the 
"Mustapha,"  of  Lord  Orrery,  at  the  same  house  in  1663, 
The  actress  is  stated  in  the  translation  of  Grammont's 
Memoirs  to  have  belonged  to  the  Duke's  company,  and 
the  play  is  therein  described  as  "a  very  fashionable 
new  play."  Reference  to  the  original  French,  however, 
shows  that  the  last  phrase  is  an  unwarranted  addition 
of  the  translator.  The  words  of  Hamilton,  in  the  first 
edition  (Cologne  chez  Pierre  Marteau),  17 13,  with  the 
original  spelling  and  italics  are  as  follows  :  Le  Comte 
d'Oxford  devint  amoureux  d'une  Comedienne  de  la 
Troiipe  du  Duc^  belle,  gracieuse,  &  qui  jouoit  dans  la 
perfection.  Le  Rtle  de  Roxelane,  dans  une  Piece 
Nouvelle  I'avoit  niise  en  Vogue,  le  nom  lui  en  ^toit 
rest^. — p.  295.  In  consequence  of  not  having  turned  to 
the  original,  Genest  charges  the  author  of  the  Memoirs 
with  having  called  the  actress  Roxana,  instead  of  Roxal- 
ana. Hamilton,  as  is  seen,  does  no  such  thing. 
The  name  he  gives  is  Roxelane,  and  the  error  is 
wholly  due  to  the  translator.  That  the  actress  in 
question  was  Mrs.  Davenport,  as  surmised  by  Malone 
and  Genest,  and  not  Mrs.  Marshall,  as  stated  by  Davies 
in  his  notes  to  Downes,  and  by  Curll  in  his  History  of 
the  Stage  ;  is  conclusively  shewn  by  Pepys,  who  under 
the  date  of  May  20th,  1662,  has  the  words  :  "  My  wife 
and  I  by  coach  to  the  opera,  and  there  saw  the  second 
part  of  '  the  Siege  of  Rhodes,'  but  it  is  not  so  well  done 
as  when  Roxalana  was  there,  who,  it  is  said,  is  now 
owned  by  my  Lord  Oxford." 

Evelyn  also,  in  his  Diary,  has  the  entry:  "9th  Jan., 
1661 — 62,  I  saw  acted  '  the  third  part  of  the  Siege  of 
Rhodes.'  In  this  acted  the  fair  and  famous  comedian 
Roxalana  \  from  the  part  she  performed — and  I  think  it 


iOi 


XIV  EDITORS   PREFACE. 

was  the  last — she  being  taken  to  be  the  Earl  of  Oxford's 
Miss  (as  at  this  time  they  began  to  call  lewd  women)." 

It  has  been  doubted  if  after  her  mishap,  Mrs.  Daven- 
port again  appeared  upon  the  stage.  The  name  of  a 
Mrs.  Davenport  appears  in  1663,  at  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields, 
as  Camilla,  in  Tuke's  "Adventures  of  Five  Hours." 
On  March  2nd,  1667,  a  Mrs.  E.  Davenport  played 
Sabina,  and  a  Mrs,  F.  Davenport,  Flavia,  in  Dryden's 
"  Secret  Love,  or  the  Maiden  Queen,"  and  in  the  cast 
of  "  The  Black  Prince "  of  the  Earl  of  Orrery,  given 
in  the  October  of  the  same  year,  see  "  Roscius  Angli- 
canus,"  p.  14,  are  the  names  "Valeria  Disguised,  F. 
Damporf,  and  a  Lady,  Betty  Dainport"  It  is  unUkely, 
however,  that  any  of  these  characters  would  have  been 
assigned  to  the  Mrs.  Davenport,  whose  fame  was  such  in 
Roxalana,  and  whose  name  Downes,  p.  20,  places  at 
the  head  of  the  four  principal  actresses  whom  Davenant 
boarded  at  his  house.  How  difficult  is  the  task  of 
arriving  at  an  accurate  knowledge  of  facts  concerning 
the  early  stage,  may  be  judged  by  the  foregoing  story. 

It  is  needless  to  say  that  upon  the  subject  of  the  lady 
carried  oft' by  Lord  Oxford,  Downes  supplies  no  informa- 
tion. Except  in  the  case  of  such  noblemen  as  were  also 
dramatists,  the  old  prompter  is  judiciously  char}'  of 
dealing  with  the  titled  mohocks,  who,  after  the  appear- 
ance of  women  on  the  stage,  commenced  perpetually  to 
infest  the  theatre,  and  when  promises  and  blandishments 
failed,  did  not  hesitate  to  employ  force  to  carry  oft'  the 
actresses. 

Davcnant's  before-mentioned  play,  The  "Siege  of 
Rhodes,"  finds  conspicuous  mention,  juge  20,  when 
Downes  states — aproi)Os  of  the  opening  by  Sir  William 
Davenant,  of  the  theatre  in  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields,  in  the 
spring  of  1662,  with  the  I'irst  and  Second  parts  of  "The 


editor's  preface.  XV 

Siege  of  Rhodes"  and  "The  Wits"— that  the  new- 
scenes  and  decorations  then  employed,  were  the  first 
that  were  introduced  into  England.  Unless,  which  is 
possible,  this  means  that  the  "  scenes  and  decorations  " 
were  the  same  that  had  previously  been  used,  this 
declaration  is  inaccurate.  Scenery  had  been  employed 
in  London  six  years  previously,  and  curiously  enough, 
in  the  same  play,  which  as  chance  arranges,  is  histori- 
cally, the  most  interesting  work  in  the  English  language. 

The  question  of  accuracy  in  Downes,  depends,  to  a 
certain  extent,  upon  the  point  whether  the  representation 
of  a  first  draft  of  the  Siege  of  Rhodes,  which  Cromwell 
permitted,  is  to  be  regarded  as  dramatic  or  operatic. 

In  1656  was  published  a  work  entitled  "The  Siege  of 
Rhodes.  Made  a  Representation  by  the  Art  of  Pro- 
spective in  Scenes,  and  the  Story  sung  in  Recitative 
Musick.  At  the  back  part  of  Rutland  House,  in  the 
upper  end  of  Aldersgate  Street,  London.  London, 
Printed  by  J.  M.  for  Henry  Herringham,  and  are  to  be 
sold  at  his  shop,  at  the  Sign  of  the  Anchor,  on  the 
Lower  Walk,  in  the  New  Exchange.  1656."  This  piece, 
which  was  subsequently  enlarged  into  "The  Siege  of 
Rhodes,"  as  it  is  now  known,  appears  to  have  been 
examined  by  few  of  the  stage  historians.  Langbaine  in 
his  "  Account  of  the  English  Dramatick  Poets,"  says, 
"  Siege  of  Rhodes,  in  two  Parts.  These  plays  were 
likewise,  in  the  times  of  the  Civil  War,  acted  in  Stilo 
Recitativo,  and  printed  in  quarto,  but  afterwards  en- 
larged by  the  Author,  and  acted  with  applause  at  the 
Duke  of  York's  Theatre  in  Lincoln's-Inn  Fields."*  The 
"Biographia  Dramatica"  and  Mr.  Halliwell's  "Dictionary 
of  Old  Plays,"  mention  no  difference  between  the  first 
edition  and  that  subsequently  enlarged  and  published  in 
*  Account  of  the  Dramatick  Poets,  page  xio. 


Miwriifai^S 


XVI  EDITOR  S  PREFACE. 

1659  (?).  The  earlier  edition  however,  differs  widely 
from  the  first  of  the  two  parts  of  "  The  Siege  of 
Rhodes."  The  character  of  Roxalana  does  not  even 
appear  in  it,  and  it  has  but  seven  characters  against 
eleven  named  characters  and  many  supernumeraries  in 
the  later  edition.  It  occupies  forty  pages,  with  eight 
pages  of  preliminary  matter,  and  two,  of  which  one  is 
blank  at  the  end,  form  what  is  called  "  The  Story  Per- 
sonated." It  is  in  Five  "  entries "  and  not  in  acts. 
The  First  part  in  the  Second  edition  is  also  in  Five 
entries,  occupying  46  pages  without  counting  preliminary 
matter.  The  second  part  is  divided  into  acts.  Two 
copies  of  the  earliest  impression  of  "  The  Siege  of 
Rhodes,"  are  in  the  British  Museum  Library.  This 
first  sketch  was  acted  some  time  about  the  date  of  its 
publication,  at  Rutland  House,  which  was  situated  near 
Charter-House  Square.  Concession  for  the  performance 
of  "  Declamation  and  Musick  after  the  maimer  of  the 
Ancients"  had  been  obtained  from  Cromwell,  by  the 
Lord  Keeper  Whitelock,  Sergeant  Maynard,  and  other 
persons  of  influence. 

A  letter  from  Davenant  to  Sir  Bulstrode  Whitelock, 
included  in  the  "  Memorials,"  is  interesting  in  many 
respects,  and  has,  I  believe,  been  printed  in  no  work 
dealing  with  the  stage.  The  entire  passage  is  as  follows: 
Sep.  3.,  1656.  "  I  received  this  letter  from  Sir  William 
Davenant. 

My  Lord, 

When  I  consider  the  nicety  of  the  times,  I  fear  it 
may  draw  a  curtain  between  your  lordship  and  our 
opera;  therefore,  I  have  presumed  to  sciul  your  lord- 
ship, hot  from  the  pitss,  wh:it  we  mean  to  represent, 
making  your  lordship  my  supreme  judge,  though  I 


editor's  preface.  XVll 

despair  to  have  the  honour  of  inviting  you  to  be  a 
spectator.  I  do  not  conceive  the  perusal  of  it  worthy 
any  part  of  your  lordship's  leisure,  unless  your  ancient 
relation  to  the  Muses  make  you  not  unfiling  to  give 
a  little  entertainment  to  poetry;  though  in  so  mean  a 
dress  as  this  and  coming  from,  my  lord, 

Your  lordship's  most  obedient  servant, 

William  Davenant."* 
This  letter  serves  to  show  that  Whitelock  was  favour- 
able to  Davenant's  scheme,  that  the  first  representation 
given  by  Davenant  at  Rutland  House,  was  subsequent  to 
Sep.  3rd,  1656,  and  that  Davenant  from  the  first,  by 
way  of  avoiding  the  use  of  the  word  stage-play,  called 
his  first  production  an  opera.  Long  after  he  had  dis- 
missed the  music  and  produced  regular  tragedies,  he 
adhered  to  the  word  opera,  the  use  of  which  had 
enabled  him  to  steer  his  bark  in  "  ticklish  times." 

It  has  been  held  that  the  first  performance  at  Rutland 
House  was  on  May  21st,  1656.  This  is  not  quite  sure. 
Previous  to  the  representation  of  "The  Siege  of  Rhodes," 
something  in  the  nature  of  a  masque  was  given. 
The  title  of  this  was  "The  First  Days  Entertainment 
at  Rutland-House,  by  Declamations  and  Musick,  After 
the  manner  of  the  Ancients  by  Sr  W.  D."  It  was 
printed  in  small  8vo,  by  I.  M.  for  Henrj'  Herringham, 
London,  1657.  In  the  copy  in  the  King's  Library, 
British  Museum  of  this  scarce  little  volume,  the  date  is 
altered  in  a  contemporary  hand-writing,  to  1656  ;  and  the 
date  of  November  22nd,  which  has  been  supposed  to  be 
that  of  the  actual  day  of  publication,  is  added.  Suffi- 
cently  timid  was  this  venture.  It  begins  with  music; 
the  author  then,  in  a  prologaie,  excuses  his  own  attempt. 
Subsequently  Diogenes,  as  the  representative  of  Puritanic 
*  Memorials,  p.  650 


L 


XVIU  EDITOR  S  PREFACE. 

views,  and  Aristophanes,  speaking  for  enlightened 
Athenians,  in  turn  address  the  public,  and  are  followed 
by  a  Londoner  and  a  Parisian,  who  speak  as  to  the 
relative  advantages  of  the  capitals  they  inhabit.  The 
entertainment  is  liberally  interspersed  with  music,  vocal 
and  instrumental,  by  Dr.  Charles  Coleman,  Captain 
Henry  Cook,  Mr.  Henry  Lawes,  and  Mr.  George 
Hudson. 

In  The  Siege  of  Rhodes,  by  which  this  tentative  per- 
formance was  followed,  a  bold  step  was  taken  in  advance. 
A  regular  play  was  acted  and  sung,  with  tlie  accompani- 
ment of  scenery,  which  was  the  first  that  had  been  ex- 
hibited on  the  English  stage.     The  following  list  of  cha- 
racters is  from  the  prefatory  matter  to  the  printed  play : — 
Solyman    by    Capt.  Henry  Cook. 
Villerius      „      Mr.  Gregory  ThorndelL 
Alphonso    „      Mr.  Edward  Coleman. 
Admiral       „      Mr.  Matthew  Lock. 
Pirrhus        „      Mr.  John  Harding. 
Mustapha    „      Mr.  Henry  Persill. 
Linthe         „      Mrs.  Coleman,  wife  to  Mr.  Coleman. 
*'  The  composition  of  Vocal  music  was  perform'd. 
The  First  Entry  by  Mr.  Henry  Lawes. 
„     Second  „      ,,    Capt.  Henry  Cook. 
„     Third    „      „     Capt.  Henry  Cook. 
„     Fourth  „      „     Mr.  Matthew  Lock. 
„     Fifth      „      ,,     Mr.  Henry  Lawes." 
The  interest  of  these  particulars  cannot  easily    be 
overrated.     ^Litthew  Lock  is,  of  course,  the  composer  to 
whom  is  now  generally  assigned  the  music  to  Macbeth, 
which  however,  has  been  claimed  for  Purccll.     Henry 
Lawes  is  the   musician  who  composed    the   songs   for 
*'  Comus,"  and  acted  the  Attendant's  part  in  the  famous 
performance  at  Ludlow  Castle.     Henry  Persill  is  Henry 


--r^ 


EDITOR  S  PREFACE.  XIX 

Purcell,  also  a  musician,  the  father  of  the  more  celebrated 
Henry  PurcelL  Cook  was  a  recognised  musician,  and  so 
assumably  in  their  day,  were  Harding,  Edward  Coleman, 
and  Thorndell,  whose  names  however,  I  do  not  find  in 
Musical  Dictionaries. 

We  may  assume  this  to  have  been  an  open  perfor- 
mance, since  D'Avenant  in  the  epilogue  to  the  enter- 
tainment at  Rutland  House,  by  which  this  was  preceded, 
delivers  these  lines  : — 

*'  We  have  your  Money,  true  ;  if  you  can  call 
That  ours  of  which  we  make  no  use  at  all. 
The  Poets  never  mind  such  toys  as  these — 

[SAews  7noney  in  his  hand.'] 
But  keep  them  to  be  sent  for  when  you  please. 
At  worst  (if  you  may  credit,  in  frail  times. 
Bankers,  who  turn  and  wind  a  world  of  Rimes) — 
They  are  but  bow'd,  (qy.  borrow' d)  laid  in  a  trunk 

above 
And  kept  as  simple  Tokens  of  your  love." 
Mrs.  Coleman,  is  accordingly,  to  be  recognized  as 
the  first  English  professional  actress.  She  took  after- 
wards to  the  stage.  Pepys  says,  concerning  her, 
October  31,  1665,  "  About  nine  at  night  I  come  home, 
and  anon  comes  ]Mrs.  Coleman  and  her  husband,  and 
she  sung  very  finely,  though  her  voice  is  decayed  as  to 
strength,  but  mighty  sweet,  though  soft,  and  a  pleasant 
jolly  woman,  and  in  mighty  good  humour.  She  sung 
part  of  the  Opera,  though  she  would  not  own  she  did 
get  any  of  it  without  book  in  order  to  the  stage."  In 
her  performance  of  lanthe,  Mrs.  Coleman,  however,  did 
not  speak  the  lines  assigned  her,  but  gave  them  in  a 
species  of  chaunt,  or  what  Aubrey  in  his  "  Miscellanies  " 
calls  "  stilo  recitativo." 

In  the  performance  of  "  The  Siege  of  Rhodes  "  at  Rut- 


XX  editor's  preface. 

land  House,  stage  scenery  was  for  the  first  time  used. 
Scenery  of  a  sufficiently  elaborate  kind  had  been  em- 
ployed in  different  countries  in  the  representation  of  the 
Miracle  plays.  With  these  however,  I  am  not  concerned. 
In  the  time  of  Shakespeare  and  Ben  Jonson,  as  evidence 
conclusively  proves,  expensive  scener}'  was  provided  for 
masques.  So  far  as  regards  a  stage-play,  it  was  first 
used  by  Davenant.  Dryden,  more  than  once,  bears 
testimony  to  the  introduction  of  scenes  by  Davenant, 
and  Corey,  in  "The  Generous  Enemies,"  1A72,  speaking 
of  the  former  stage,  says  : — 

"  Coarse  hangings  then,  instead  of  scenes  were  worn, 
And  Kidderminster  did  the  stage  adorn." 
In  an  address  to  the  reader,   which   appears  in  the 
first  edition  of  the  original  piece,  and  is  omitted  from 
subsequent     editions,     Davenant     apologises     for     the 
shortcomings  of  his  scenery,   advancing  in    excuse  the 
smallness  of  the  room  to  which  he  was  confined.     The 
following  passage  is  striking,  in  more  ways  than  one  : — 
"  It  has  been  often  wisht  that  our  Scenes  (we  having 
oblig'd  ourselves  to  the  variety  of  five  changes,  accord- 
ing  to   the    Ancient    Dramatic  distinctions    made    for 
time),   had  not  been  confined  to  eleven  foot  in  height, 
and   about   fifteen   in   depth,    including   the    places    of 
passage  reserv'd   for  the  Musick.     This  is  so  narrow  an 
allowance  for  the  fleet  of  Solyman  the  Magnificent,  his 
army,  the  Island  of  Rhodes,  and  the  varieties  attending 
the   Siege   of  the  City,  that  I   fear  you  will  think  we 
invite   you   to   such   a   contracted   trifle  as  that  of  the 
Caesars  carved  upon  a  nut." 
A  little  lower  l:o  C(Mitinucs  : 

"  We  conceive  it  will  not  be  unacceptable  to  you  if 
we  recompense  the  narrowness  of  the  Room,  by  con- 
taining in  it  so  nujch  as  could  be  conveniently  acconi- 


iSLj 


EDITOR  S   PREFACE.  XXI 

plisht  by  Art  and  Industry  :  which  will  not  be  doubted 
in  the  Scenes,  by  those  who  can  judge  of  that  kind  of 
Illustration,  and  know  the  excellency  of  Mr.  John  Web, 
who  design'd  and  order'd  it." 

Here  then  is  the  first  mention  of  the  scene-painter  and 
machinist,  the  predecessor  of  the  Stanfields  and  Bever- 
leys,  of  a  later  period. 

Even  now,  the  list  of  claims  upon  attention  of  "  The 
Siege  of  Rhodes"  is  not  explained.  When  subsequently, 
Davenant  removed  it  to  the  Cockpit,  and  gave  it  with 
regular  company  and  scenic  accessories  less  limited  by 
space,  he  announced  it  as  a  play.  As  at  first  given, 
with  recitative  and  song ;  he  spoke  of  it,  as  has  been 
said,  as  an  opera.  As  such,  it  was  the  beginning  of 
opera  in  England. 

Dryden,  in  a  brief  disquisition  upon  operas, 
prefixed  to  his  "  Albion  and  Albanius,"  deals  with  the 
establishment  of  English  opera,  and  a  preface  to  "  The 
Fairy  Queen,"  an  adaptation  of  "  The  I^Iidsummer 
Nights'  Dream,"  with  music  by  Purcell,  1692,  says  "that 
Sir  WilHam  D'Avenant's  *  Siege  of  Rhodes '  was  the 
first  opera  we  ever  had  in  England,  no  man  can  deny ; 
and  is  indeed  a  perfect  opera,  there  being  this  dif- 
ference only  between  an  opera  and  a  tragedy,  that  the 
one  is  a  story  sung  with  proper  action,  the  other  spoken. 
And  he  must  be  a  very  ignorant  player,  who  knows  not 
there  is  a  musical  cadence  in  speaking  •  and  that  a  man 
may  as  well  speak  out  of  tune  as  sing  out  of  tune." 

**  The  Siege  of  Rhodes  "  may  then  claim,  as  has  been 
said,  to  be  historically,  the  most  interesting  English  play. 
Coming  after  an  entertainmentwhich  cannot  by  any  stretch 
be  called  dramatic,  it  marks  the  re-establishment  of  the 
theatre  after  Puritan  rule  ;  it  is  the  first  opera  ever  given 
in  this  country  ;  it  introduces  the  first  English  actress  who 


xxii  editor's  preface. 

ever  chaunted  (not  spoke),  on  the  English  stage ;  it 
exhibits  the  first  scenery  ever  employed  in  the  case  of  a 
regular  dramatic  production,  not  being  a  miracle  play 
or  a  masque,  and  it  names  the  first  provider  of  scenery 
for  a  work  of  this  class,  as  distinguished  again  from  the 
masque,  in  which,  at  a  much  earlier  date,  elaborate 
decorations  were  employed. 

This  information  is  principally  supplemental  to  that  of 
Downes,  who  has  little  to  say  concerning  anything  that 
took  place  in  connection  with  theatrical  affairs  before 
the  period  of  1662,  when  he  joined  as  prompter  the 
company  of  Sir  William  Davenant,  at  his  theatre,  Lin- 
coln's Inn  Fields.  That  Downes  was  of  a  meek,  and 
probably  indolent  nature,  is  suggested  by  the  story  he 
tells  of  himself  (p.  34),  how  on  the  opening  day  of  the 
theatre  in  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields,  being  on  the  opening 
day  of  the  theatre  in  Lincoln's  Inn  Fields  being  to  act 
Haly  in  "  The  Siege  of  Rhodes,"  "  the  King,  Duke  ot 
York,  and  all  the  Nobility  in  the  House,  and  the  first 
time  the  King  was  in  a  Publick  Theatre,  the  sight  of 
that  August  presence  spoil'd  me  for  an  Actor  too." 

In  no  respect,  however,  can  Downes  be  regarded  as 
superfluously  scrupulous.  On  matters  concerning  the 
theatre  under  his  own  immcdiite  supervision  he  is 
moderately  accurate.  In  respect  of  the  other  house  the 
Theatre  Royal,  subs  quently  known  as  Drury  Lane,  he 
is  not  always  trustworthy.  The  annotations  in  the  copy 
of  Davies,  from  which  the  present  reprint  is  taken,  con- 
sist of  corrections  as  well  as  of  additions.  Neither 
Davies,  nor  indeed,  Waldron,  to  whom  the  publication 
of  his  notes  is  due,  is  much  mine  .Tciurate  than 
Downes.  Accuracy  in  the  jieriod  in  which  Davies  and 
Waldron  wrote  was  less  i)rized  than  it  has  since  become, 


editor's  preface.  xxiii 

and   there  are  very  few  particulars  in  early  theatrical 
works  on  which  complete  reliance  can  be  placed. 

Genest  even,  who  wrote  a  century  later  than  Waldron, 
and  had  access  to  materials  which  were  not  open  to  his 
predecessors  is,  as  has  been  seen,  not  impeccable.  So 
valuable  however,  is  his  work,  and  in  the  main,  so 
trustworthy,  no  student  of  theatrical  literature  would 
press  unduly  upon  the  few  shortcomings  to  be  found  in 
his  important  and  serviceable  book. 

Thanks  to  the  great  kindness  of  Mr.  Robert  "^V.  Lowe, 
an  enthusiast  in  all  stage  matters,  and  author  of  a  biblio 
graphy  of  theatrical  works — which  I  trust  will  shortly  see 
the  hght — I  am  able  to  indicate  the  cases  of  error 
detected  by  Genest  in  Waldron's  re-publication  of  the 
"  Roscius  Anglicanus,"  and  to  point  out  some  inaccuracies 
in  the  original. 

At  pages  2  and  3,  Downes  says,  "Note,  these  following 
came  into  the  Company  some  few  Years  after  :  Mrs. 
Boutel,  Mrs.  Ellin  Gwin,  Mrs.  James,  Mrs.  Rebecca  Mar- 
shall, Mrs.  Rutter,  Mrs.  Verjuice,  Mrs.  Knight."  Those 
who  turn  to  the  pages  on  which  these  names  appear  w\\\  see 
it  is  impossible  to  tell  whether  Mrs.  Marshall  and  Mrs. 
Rutter  are  intended  to  be  on  the  list  of  those  who  came 
later  or  earlier.  Nor  does  the  correction  which  Downes 
supplies  in  the  errata  do  much  to  clear  matters.  Con- 
cerning this,  Genest,  Vol.  I.,  page  34,  says,  "  Downes  is 
incorrect  with  regard  to  Mrs.  Boutell,  she  was  certainly 
on  the  stage  in  1663  or  1664."  Her  name  indeed, 
appears  as  Estifania  in  "  Rule  a  Wife  and  Have  a  Wife," 
by  Beaumont  and  Fletcher,  the  assumed  date  of  produc- 
tion of  which  is  1663  or  1664. 

On  page  3,  Downes  speaks  of  the  opening  on  Thurs- 
day in  Easter  Week,  "being  on  the  8///  Day  of  Aprils 
1663,"  of  the  New  Theatre  in  Drury-Lane.     Apropos  of 


•^ 


xxiv  editor's  preface. 

this,  Genest  says,  Vol.  I.,  p.  43,  "  it  was  not  so  called 
originally — the  usual  appellation  of  it  was  the  Theatre 
Royal  simply,"  and  he  adds  instances  of  its  being  called 
"the  King's  Theatre  in  Covent  Garden."  Genest  is 
here  a  little  hypercritical.  The  house  stood  on  the 
exact  site  now  occupied  by  Drury  Lane  theatre. 
Downes  does  not,  moreover,  call  it  Drury  Lane  theatre, 
but  the  new  theatre  in  Drury-Lane,  and  this  it  was. 

The  statement  of  Downes,  p.  17,  that  Rhodes  "fitted 
up  a  House  then  for  Acting,  call'd  the  Cock-Pit  in 
Drury  Lane,"  Genest  challenges,  stating  that  "  Downes 
seems  to  have  copied  Wright  (Historia  Histrionica),  and 
they  are  probably  both  WTong — it  is  certain,  from 
Pepys,  that  the  Old  Actors  were  in  possession  of  the 
Cocl^it,  in  August,  1660 — and  that  Rhodes'  Company 
were  acting  at  White  Friars  (or  Salisbury  Court,  as  it  is 
more  usually  called),  in  March,  1661,"  Vol.  I.,  p.  30. 

It  seems  certain  that  Davenant  occupied  both 
theatres,  playing  in  1658,  at  the  Cock-pit  where  he 
produced  his  "  Cruelty  of  the  Spaniards  in  Peru,"  and 
on  Nov.  15th,  1660,  removing  to  Salisbury  Court. 

The  assertion,  p.  20,  that  Sir  William  Davenant  "  in 
Spring,  1662,  Open'd  his  House"  is  disputed  by  Genest, 
who  (Vol.  L,  p.  38),  says,  "  It  appears  from  Pepys  that 
Davenant  began  to  act  in  the  last  week  of  June,  1661." 
There  is  some  confusion  here,  and  Downes  is  apparently 
wrong  in  more  than  one  respect.  He  thus  states  that 
the  rehearsals  took  place  in  The  Apothecaries'  Hall. 
Now,  according  to  Cunningham  (Hand-Book  to  Lon- 
don) the  Apothecaries'  Hall  was  not  erected  until  1670, 
/.  e.,  eight  years  later  than  the  time  mentioned.  There 
appears,  however,  from  a  Latin  inscription  standing  over 
the  inner  side  of  the  Gateway  leading  to  the  Court- Yard, 
to  have  been  in    1633,  on   same  .spot   a   building,  en- 


EDITOR  S   PREFACE.  XXV 

titled  Cobham  House,  belonging  to  Lady  Howard  of 
Effingham,  which  was  totally  destroyed  in  the  great  fire. 
To  this,  which  seems  to  have  been  devoted  to  the  same 
purpose  as  the  present  building,  Downes  assumably  refers. 
The  difi'erence  between  Downes  and  Pepys  is  not  easy 
to  explain.  The  theory  that  Sir  William  Davenant's 
"  opera,"  to  which,  as  the  name  of  the  theatre,  Pepys 
frequently  refers,  was  some  other  house  than  Lincoln's 
Fields,  is  almost  easier  of  acceptance  than  the  belief 
that  Downes  is  in  error  in  matters  of  such  importance  as 
his  own  first  engagement  and  appearance. 

"  After  this  the  Company  Reviv'd  Three  Comedies  of 
Mr.  Sherly's,"  p.  27.  Here  follow  the  names  of  four 
comedies.  Waldron,  in  the  reprint,  alters  three  into 
four.  The  four  comedies  named  are  not,  however,  by 
Shirley,  the  last,  "  Woman's  a  Weathercock,"  being  by 
Nash  and  Field.  Downes's  omission  arises,  as  Genest 
(Vol.  i.,  p.  78),  points  out,  through  "not  inserting,  and 
also  after  the  School  of  Complements,"  the  third  piece. 
Waldron's  mistake  is,  in  its  way,  worse  than  any  of  which 
Downes  is  guilty. 

"  King  Henry  the  5//;,  wrote  by  the  Earl  of  Orrery," 
p.  27.  This  play,  Genest  (Vol.  i.,  p.  53)  points  out,  was 
first  performed  Aug.  13,  1664,  and  not  as  Downes 
implies,  rather  than  asserts,  in  1667. 

The  erroneous  punctuation  of  Downes,  p.  29,  is  un- 
corrected by  Waldron.  A  portion  of  the  page  should, 
Genest  shews,  (Vol.  i.,  p,  36),  read  thus  :  "  This  Play 
had  wonderfull  Success,  being  Acted  1 2  Days  together. 
When  our  Company  were  Commanded  to  Dover  in 
May,  1670,  the  King  with  all  his  Court,  meeting  his 
Sister,  the  Dutchess  of  Orleans  there,  this  Comedy  and 
Sir  Solomon  Single,  pleas'd  Madain  the  Dutchess,  and 
the  whole  Court  extremely." 


'^'■■wwyf.-jj'  ?:.e-it'fa)mw»iw«»  uvi 


XXVI  EDITORS   PREFACE. 

At  page  39,  Do.vnes  speaks  of  the  "  Sallary "  of 
Hart  as  "  40  Shillings  a  Week  to  the  Day  of  his 
Death."  On  this,  Genest  says  (Vol.  I.,  p.  375),  "  Hart 
did  not  act  after  the  Union,  on  account  of  those  infirmi- 
ties which  obliged  him  to  leave  the  stage — he  received  a 
salary  of  30  shillings  a  week  to  the  day  of  his  death, 
according  to  agreement — Downes  says  40,  but  this 
seems  a  mistake."  According  to  the  Memorandum, 
/■  dated  Oct.  14,  1681,  between  Dr.  Charles  Daveaant, 
Thomas  Betterton,  Gent.,  and  William  Smith,  Gent., 
of  the  one  part,  and  Charles  Hart,  Gent.,  and  Edward 
Kynaston,  Gent.,  on  the  other  part,  which  formed  the 
basis  of  the  famous  Union  of  the  two  patents.  Hart  and 
Kynaston  both  made  over  the  title  they  had  "  to  Six  and 
Three  Pence  a-piece  for  every  Day  there  shall  be  any 
Playing  at  the  King's  theatre."'*  This  at  the  rate  of 
six  representations  a  week,  would  make  thirty-sevea 
shillings  and  sixpence  a  week.  What  is  the  justification 
for  Genest's  contradiction  is  not  apparent. 

Very  far  from  exhausting  the  inaccuracies  of  Waldron's 
reprint  are  the  instances  advanced  by  Genest.  In 
dealing  with  the  first  of  the  errata  printed  on  the  verso 
of  the  title  page,  ^^  Page  2,  Read  Reeves /t^r  Knight," 
Waldron,  assumes  that  the  correction  applies  to  the  name 
of  Reeves,  who  appears  in  the  list  of  actors,  and  therefore 
holds  that  the  erratum  should  be  Head  Knight  /or 
Reeves.  This  is  a  bad  shot.  The  printer  fell  into  the 
same  blunder  and  subtituted  page  2  for  page  3,  where  lor 
Mrs.  Knight  should  be  read  Mrs.  Reeves.  The  name 
of  Reeves  appears,  page  12,  opposite  Ascanio,  just  the 
character  to  be  assigned  a  boy,  and  that  of  Mrs.  Reeves 
is  also  in  the  list.  No  actor  of  the  name  ol  Knight  is 
however  encountered,  and  the  Mrs.  Knight  wiiom 
•  Life  of  Mr.  Thi)in.is  licUtilon,  17 10,  p.  9. 


EDITORS   PREFACE.  XXVU 

Waldron  subsequently  mentions,  was  a  singer  and  a 
favourite  of  Charles  II.,  who  is  said  to  have  used  her  for 
dis-honourable  purposes,  but  is  not  known  as  an  actress. 
Waldron  seems  afterwards,  to  have  had  some  justifiable 
doubts  as  to  the  value  of  his  own  suggested  emendation. 

Page  26,  Waldron  notices  that  in  the  third  line  of  the 
page  the  name  of  a  character  played  by  Mr,  Young,  is 
omitted.  The  character  in  question  is  that  of  the 
Cardinal. 

Upon  the  account  of  "  Sir  Martin  Marral,"  p.  28,  Wal- 
dron has  the  note  '*  This  passage  is  involved  in  such 
impenetrable  darkness,  that,  in  despair  of  being  able  to 
throw  light  on  it,  I  leave  it  in  its  original  obscurity." 
Obscure  the  passage  undoubtedly  is  3  what  Downes 
means,  however,  seems  intelligible.  "  All  the  parts 
being  very  just  and  exactly  perform'd,  'specially  Sir 
Martin  and  his  Man."  "  Mr.  Smitla  and  several  others 
since  have  come  very  near  him" — />.,  Harris  as  Sir 
Martin's  Man — "  but  none  equalled  "  him,  "  nor  yet  Mr. 
Nokes  in  Sir  Martin."  Style  is  not  Downes's  strong 
point.  It  is  conceivable  even  that  Downes  originally 
wrote  'specially  Sir  Martin  his  Man,  or  Sir  Martin's 
Man,  which  would  remove  all  ambiguity.  Dryden's  *'Sir 
Martin  Mar-all  "  is  a  version  of  "  L'Etourdi "  of  Moliere, 
and  Warner,  otherwise  Sir  Martin's  Man,  answers  to  the 
character  of  Mascarille  in  that  play,  a  character  so  im- 
portant that  in  the  hands  of  M.  Coquelin  ain'e^  it  is  the 
most  important  in  a  modern  revival  at  the  Coraedie 
Frangaise.  Harris  distinguished  himself  greatly  by  per- 
formances of  this  kind,  and  was  admitted  to  the  intimacy 
not  only  of  the  licentious  wits  of  the  town — see  what 
Pepys  says,  May  30th,  1668,  of  the  roguish  (!)  proceed- 
ings with  my  Lady  Bennett  and  the  ladies — but  of  Pepys 
himself  and  Dryden.     His  sense  of  his  importance  was 


XXVIU  EDITORS   PREFACE. 

not  less  than  that  of  subsequent  actors.  Under  the  date 
July  22nd,  1663,  Pepys  says  "  Wotten  tells  me  the 
reason  of  Harris's  going  from  Sir  William  Davenant's 
house  is,  that  he  grew  very  proud;  and  demanded  ^20 
for  himself  extraordinary,  more  than  Betterton  or  any 
body  else,  upon  every  new  play,  and  ;j{^io  upon  every 
revive,  which  with  other  things,  Sir  W.  Davenant  would 
not  give  him,  and  so  he  swore  he  would  never  act  there 
more,  in  expectation  of  being  received  at  the  other 
House ;  but  the  King  will  not  suffer  it,  upon  Sir  W. 
Davenant's  desire  that  he  would  not,  for  then  he  might 
shut  up  house,  and  that  is  true.  He  tells  me  that  his 
going  is  at  present  a  great  loss  to  the  House,  and  that 
he  fears  he  hath  a  stipend  from  the  other  House 
privately.  He  tells  me  that  the  fellow  grew  very  proud 
of  late,  the  King,  and  every  body  else,  cr)'ing  him  up  so 
high,  and  that  above  Betteiton,  he  being  a  more  ayery 
man,  as  he  is  indeed."  The  praise  of  Downes  is  accord- 
ingly justified. 

In  the  note  (page  38)  Downes  speaks  of  Lee's  play, 
"  The  Prince  of  Cleve."  For  this  name  should  be  read 
"  The  Princess  of  Cleve."  This  error  is  contradicted 
by  Davies  or  Waldron. 

In  the  copy  from  which  this  reprint  is  executed,  the 
lines,  p.  40,  apropos  of  *' Valenlinian,"  "and  the  vast 
interest  the  Author  made  in  Town,"  are  struck  through 
by  Davies.  Waldron,  with  customary  infelicity,  snjiplies 
the  following  note.  "  Mr.  Davics's  MS.  directs,  on  what 
authority  I  know  not,  *  and  the  vast  interest  t/u  author 
made  in  town*  to  be  intirely  left  out.  I  think  it  should 
on  no  account  be  omitted  ;  as  it  serves  to  shew,  that  tho' 
indifferent  Pieces  have  been  brought  on  the  Stage,  and 
rendered  fashionable  by  the  influence  of  Authors  of  rank, 
in  our  days ;  to  the  exclusion  or  ilcjircssion,  of  writers  of 


editor's  preface.  xxix 

perhaps  more  merit,  and  certainly  less  interest ;  it  is  no 
new  artifice,  but  a  stale  trick  produced  by  dignified 
authors  above  a  century  ago."  So  far  as  the  present 
case  is  concerned,  the  indignant  moralising  of  Waldron 
is  so  much  waste  bredth.  Downes  was  once  more  in 
error,  and  the  correction  of  Davies  was  entirely  justified. 
Valentinian  was  produced  at  the  Theatre  Royal  in  1684, 
and  Lord  Rochester  died  four  years  previously.  Unless 
his  ghost  revisited  "  the  glimpses  of  the  moon  "  to  look 
after  his  new  play,  which  was  only  an  adaptation ;  the 
remarks  of  Downes  are  futile.  What  the  prompter  in- 
tended possibly,  to  say  was,  that  the  vast  interest  the 
friends  of  the  author  made  in  town,  contributed  to  the 
success  of  the  play.  This,  however,  is  not  too  probable, 
since  the  friends  of  a  man  deceased  some  four  years  are 
not  often  busy  in  his  behalf. 

The  obscurity  of  the  note  on  page  40  provokes 
from  Waldron  a  pardonable  growl.  What  Downes 
assumably  means  to  say  is,  that  "  Mr.  Griffin  so  excell'd 
in  Surly,  Sir  Edward  Belfond,  the  Plain  Dealer,  none 
succeeding  in  the  two  former  characters  have  Equalled 
him  [nor  any]  except  his  Predecessor,  Mr.  Hart,  in  the 
last."  The  insertion  of  the  two  words  between  brackets 
gives  the  sentence  an  intelligible  meaning. 

Downes's  note  to  "  The  True  Widow,"  Sir  Anthony 
Lone  (should  be  Love),  etc.,  p.  41,  is  obscure.  Waldron, 
following  Davies,  strikes  out  the  word  "  which."  This 
adds  to  the  intelligibility  of  the  sentence,  but  detracts 
from  its  accuracy,  since  more  than  one  of  the  plays  men- 
tioned was  distinctly  successful. 

These  suggestions,  for  the  best  of  which,  as  before 
stated,  I  am  indebted  to  !Mr.  Robert  W.  Lowe,  meet  some 
only  of  the  difficulties  in  the  ''  Roscius  Anglicanus."  To 
point  out  minor  slips  and  to  indicate  all  the  suggestions 


XXX  EDITOR  .S    PREFACE. 

of  Davies  and  Waldron  would  extend  this  preface  beyond 
reasonable  bounds.  On  the  matters  which  came  under 
his  own  personal  cognisance  Downes,  as  has  been  said, 
is  a  fairly  trustworthy  authority  ;  on  those  outside  his 
immediate  ken,  on  events  that  is  that  took  place  before 
he  joined  Sir  William  Davenant's  company,  or  that  hap- 
pened at  the  rival  house,  the  Theatre  Royal,  he  is  subject 
to  frequent  correction.  For  the  casts  with  which  plays 
were  first  given,  and  for  the  period  of  production,  he  is  in 
many  cases  the  only  existing  authority  and  many  curious 
particulars  he  preserves  are  nowhere  else  to  be  found.  A 
completely  annotated  edition  of  the  Rosicus  Anglicanus, 
such  as  Davies  and  Waldron  dreamed  of  supplying, 
would  be  in  fact  a  history  of  the  revival  of  the  stage. 


While  engaged  in  compiling  this  preface  I  have  met 
with  a  second  copy  of  the  original  edition  of  the  '•'  Ros- 
cius  Anglicanus."  This  interesting  volume,  like  the  copy 
from  which  the  reprint  is  taken,  is  interleaved  and 
contains  MS.  corrections  by  Isaac  Reed,  one  of  three 
successive  proprietors,  consisting  of  Isaac  Reed,  Peter 
Cunningham,  and  the  elder  Charles  Mathews.  Some  of 
these  deserve  to  be  preserved. 

Reed  (whose  handwriting  I  have  compared  with  the  MS. 
of  his  "  Notitia  Dramatica")  says  on  one  of  the  blank  preli- 
minary pages.  "  At  Mr.  Henderson's  Sale  a  Copy  of  this 
Pamphlet  with',  the  Preface  was  bought  by  Mr.  Malone  for 
j(^i.  c,s.  od."  Fronting  page  i  is  written,  "  Killegrews 
Patent,  dated  25  April,  14  Car.  2, 16C.'.  Davenant's  isth 
January,  14  Car.  2,  1662."  A  propos  to  the  mention  of 
\\'intersel  (p.  2),  is  as  follows,  "  Wm.  Wintershul,  (Kc)  tJ 
the  Rehearsal),  was  an  excellent  judicious  .\ctor  and  the 
best  Inslrucli  of  others."     He  died  July,  1679.    Opposite 


^ 


EDITOR  S    PREFACE.  XXXI 

Mrs.  Long  (p.  20)  is  the  note,  "  She  was  Mistress  to  the 
Duke  of  Richmond,  (See  Dunois — Memoirs  of  the  Court 
of  England,  1708,  p.  40,  P.  11)."  At  p.  28  the  mistake 
of  DoAvnes,  who  calls  a  play  by  the  Earl  of  Orrery, 
"  Mr.  Anthony  Gasman,"  instead  of  "  Mr.  Anthony,"  is 
corrected,  and  it  is  stated  of  "  Sir  Martin  Marrall "  that 
it  is  "entered  in  the  Books  of  the  Stationers'  Com- 
pany as  written  by  the  Duke  of  Newcastle."  Page  31, 
the  commentator  extracts  from  "  Reliquiae  Baxterianse," 
Fo.  1696,  P.  89,  Part  3,  a  paragraph  of  some  interest. 
"  This  Year  (167 1)  a  new  Playhouse  being  built  on  Salis- 
bury Court  in  Fleet-street  called  the  Duke  of  York's  the 
Lord  Mayor  (as  is  said)  desired  of  the  King,  that  it  might 
not  be,  the  youth  of  the  City  being  already  so  corrupted 
by  sensual  pleasures ;  but  he  obtained  not  his  desire. 
And  this,  Janry,  167 1,  the  King's  Play-house  in  Drury 
Lane  took  fire  and  was  burnt  down  but  not  alone,  for 
about  50  or  60  houses  adjoining,  by  fire  and  blowing  up 
accompanied  it." 

Opposite  the  following  page  (32)  are  three  notes, 
No.  I.  draws  attention  to  the  fact  that "  From  the  Preface 
to  The  Miser  by  Shadvvell,  it  appears  that  Play  was  the 
last  acted  at  the  King's  Theatre  in  Cov  :  Garden  before 
the  fatal  fire  there,  That  Play  was  published  4tOj  1672." 
Note  2  points  out  from  Graham's  "  School  of  English 
Painting,"  p.  398,  that  Robert  Aggas  commonly  called  An- 
gus, "a.  good  landscape  painter,"  painted  "many  scenes  for 
the  play-house  in  Cov.  Garden."  According  to  Walpole's 
"Anecdotes  of  Painting,"  Vol.  i,  p.  157,  Robert  Aggas 
died  in  1679.  After  stating  this,  the  note  continues  "  but 
I  know  not  what  the  Author  I  quote  means  by  a  Play- 
house in  Cov  :  Garden  before  the  year  1679.  I  suppose  it 
shod,  be  the  theatre  in  Dorset  Gardens.  From  the  above 
preface  to  Shadwell's  Play  it  seems  as  though  Graham  was 


XXXII  EDITORS    PREFACE. 

right,  and  Mr.  Walpole's  Conjecture  ill  founded."  Note 
3,  "  I  also  find  an  Opera  called  Ariadne  acted  at  the 
Theatre  Royal,  Cov  :  Garden,  4th,  167I." 

Page  33,  opposite  the  words,  Master  of  Art  in  Cambridge, 
is  given  the  name  "  Wm.  Arrowsmith,"  who  is  mentioned 
in  the  **  Biographia  Dramatica,"  for  which  Isaac  Reed  was 
greatly  responsible,  as  the  supposed  author. 

Page  34,  in  reference  to  Lee's  method  of  quitting  the 
stage  are  the  following  observations  : — "  Lee,  however, 
seems  not  entirely  to  have  left  the  stage.  In  the 
Dramatis  Personje  to  Fatal  jealousies  printed  in  the 
next  year,  1673,  4to,  I  find  the  name  of  Nath.  Leigh 
performing  the  part  of  a  Captain  of  the  Guards.     This 

also  was  acted  at  the  Duke's  Theatre No 

Lee's  name  is  to  be  seen  opposite  to  the  character  of 
Duncan  in  the  printed  Copies  of  Macbeth." 

P.  36.  A  note  to  Don  Carlos,  says,  "  Booth  in  a 
letter  to  Aaron  Hill  says  'Mr.  Betterton  observed  to  me 
many  years  ago  that  Don  Carlos  succeeded  much  better 
than  Venice  preser\'ed,  or  the  Orphan,  and  was  infinitely 
more  applauded  and  followed  for  many  years."  "  1678, 
Friendship  in  Fashion  acted ;  Nell  Gwin  performed  in 
it.    A  mistake,  it  was  certainly  another  Mrs.  G." 

P.  37.  "Oedipus,  King  of  Thebes,"  of  this  it  is  said, 
"  In  this  particular  Downes  must  certainly  be  mistaken, 
Dryden  in  his  Vindication  of  the  Duke  of  Guise  says  he 
wrote  the  ist  and  3rd  acts  and  drew  the  Scenery  of  the 
whole  Play.  P.  42,  \'indn." 

P.  40.  The  mistake  of  Downes  concerning  Lord 
Rochester  previously  mentioned  is  corrected. 

P.  43.  Opposite  "  I'he  Prophetess,"  are  the  words, 
"  Langbaine  who  in  general  is  tolerably  accurate,  ascribes 
this  Alteration  to  Dryden,  but  on  that  point  he  is  most 
likely  to  be  mistaken." 


.1..1.IHP 


editor's  pre|>J«3^^^  xxxiii 

P.  43.  At  bottom  of  page  appears,  "  From  this  Period 
the  Theatre  in  Dorset  Garden  became  deserted.  In  1698  v^ 

a  Lottery  was  drawn  in  it  as  I  learn  from  the  title  of  a 
Pamphlet  called  'The  Wheel  of  Fortune,  or  Nothing 
for  a  Penny.  Being  Remarks  on  the  drawing  of  the 
Penny  Lottery  at  the  Theatre  Royal  in  Dorset  Garden 
wth.  the  characters  of  some  of  the  honourable  Trustees 
and  all  due  acknowledgm^  to  his  Honour  the  Under- 
taker. Written  by  a  Person  who  was  cursed  mad  he 
had  not  the;^T,ooo  lot,  4to,  1698.'" 

At  the  close  are  references  to  the  "  Reliquiae  Baxteri- 
anse  "  and  Camden's  "Annals/'  with  regard  to  accidents 
at  theatres  and  to  Dryden,  S,  propos  to  the  opening  of 
Drury  Lane  House,  26th  March,  1674. 

On  a  following  page  is  another  note  of  interest  in  the 
shape  of  an 

"  Extract  from  a  MS.  by  Oldys,  a  Letter  to  the  Right 
Honble.  Sr,  Richard  Brocas  Lord  Mayor  of  London  By 
a  Citizen,  P.  32,  8vo,  1730. 

"  This  is  written  against  the  pernicious  consequences 
of  tolerating  the  new  erected  Playhouse  in  Goodmans 
Fields.  The  Author  in  P.  21  asserts  and  produces 
particulars  to  prove  it  that  upon  the  lowest  calculation 
this  single  Playhouse  costs  the  Kingdom  a  great  deal 
above  Three  Hundred  Thousand  Founds  a  year  by  the 
loss  that  is  sustained  in  the  work  and  labour  of  the 
Artificers  and  other  Spectators  that  fill  it." 

"  This  was  the  Theatre  which  Islx.  Thomas  Odell  by 
a  Licence  from  the  Lord-Chamberlain  was  Master  of 
and  I  have  heard  he  cleared  or  got  an  Hundred  Pounds 
a  Week  in  it  till  the  City  got  him  silenced  or  expelled 
though  I  think  there  has  been  playing  there  under 
Giffard  and  others  ever  since  Mr.  Odell  who  died  in 
May,  1 749,   has  written  a  Discourse  upon  his  hardships 


XXXIV 


EDITOR  S   PREFACE. 


/ 


sufferings  and  losses  on  that  occasion  wch  I  have  seen 
in  MSS." 

As  the  following  casts  mentioned  before  differ  in  some 
respects  from  any  assigned  the  respective  plays  in  Genest 
they  are  given.  The  first  and  second  occur  opposite 
P3ge  5>  the  third  opposite  page  36.  The  spelling  of  the 
MSS,  is  followed. 
•'  The  Cast  of  A  King  and  no  King  as  acfled  at  the 

Theatre  Royal,  4to,  1676. 


Arbaces, 

Tygranes, 

Gobrias, 

Bacurius, 

Mardonius, 

Bessus, 

Lygones, 


Mr 
Mr 

Mr 
Mr 
Mr. 


Two  Swordmen, 

Arane, 

Panthea, 

Spaconia, 

Othello  at  the  same  Theatre, 


Hart. 
Kynaflon. 
Winterfhall. 
Lydal. 
Mohun. 
Mr.  Lacy  or  Mr. 
Mr.  Cartwright. 
(  Mr.  Watson. 
(  Mr.  Haynes. 
Mrs.  Corey. 
Mrs.  Cox. 
Mrs.  Marfhall. 


Shottrell. 


Duke, 

Brabantio, 

Gratiano, 

Lodovico, 

Othello, 

Cafsiio, 

lago, 

Roderigo, 

Montano, 

Clown, 

Desdemona, 

Emilia, 

Bianca, 


4to,  1687. 


Ur.  Lydal. 
Mr.  Cartwright 
Mr.  Griffin. 
Mr.  Harris. 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr.  Kynaflon. 
Mr.  Mohun. 
Mr.  Beeston. 
Mr.  Watson. 
Mr.  Haynes, 
Mrs.  Cox. 
INIrs.  Rulter. 
Mrs.  James. 


Ferdinand, 
Cardinal, 
Antonio, 
Delio, 


Cast  of  The  Duchefs  of  Malfcy  in  1678.  ^ 


Mr. 
Mr. 
Mr. 
Mr. 


Harris. 
Young. 
Smith. 
Medbonrn. 


OH 


»i 


editor's  preface. 


XXXV 


Bofola, 

Caflruchio, 

Sylvio, 

Pefcara, 

Maletelle, 

Roderigo, 

Grisolan, 

Dutchefs, 

Cariola, 

Old  Lady, 

Julia, 


Mr.  Betterton. 
Mr.  Richards 
Mr.  Cademan. 
Mr.  Norris. 
Mr.  Price. 
Mr.  Cogun. 
Mr.  Percival.  • " 
Mrs.  Betterton. 
Mrs.  Norris. 
Mrs.  Ofbom. 
Mrs.  Shadwell." 


As  a  document  of  interest  to  students  of  Stage  History, 
the  Ordinance  for  the  Suppression  of  Stage  Plays  is 
reprinted  in  facsimile  from  a  copy  of  the  rare  original  in 
the  possession  of  Messrs.  Jarvis  and  Son. 


Rofcius  Anglicanus, 

O  R    AN 

HISTORICAL 

REVIEW    OF    THE 

STAGE: 

After  it  had  been  Suppres'd  by  means 
of  the  late  Unhappy  Civil  War,  be- 
gun in  1 64 1,  till  the  Time  of  King 
Charles  the  lis  Reftoration  in  May 
1 660.  Giving  an  Account  of  its  Rife 
again  ;  of  the  Time  and  Places  the 
Governours  of  both  the  Companies 
firfl  Ereded  their  Theatres. 

The  Names  of  the  Principal  A6lors  and 
AdrefTes,  who  Perform'd  in  the  Chiefeft 
Plays  in  each  Houfe.  With  the  Names 
of  the  mofl-  taking  Plays ;  and  Modern 
Poets.  For  the  fpace  of  46  Years,  and 
during  the  Reign  of  Three  Kings,  and 
part  of  our  prefent  Sovereign  Lady 
Queen  ANNE,  from  1660,  to  1706. 

Non  Audita  7iarto,  fed  Co7nperta. 


Lo7idon,  Printed  and  fold  by  H.  Playford,  at  his  Houfe  in 
Arundel- /ireet,  near  the  Water-fide,     170S. 


H 


|g«| 


ERRATA. 


pA£;e  2,  Read  Reeves,  /or  Knight.  P.  9  r.  Cidaria,  for  Cidu- 
ria.  P.  19,  line  33,  r.  Four  for  Three.  P.  12,  r.  Aquilius, 
for  Aquitius.  P.  28  litu  17,  r.  Moleire,  y^r  Moleiro.  P.  31  /m^ 
20,  leave  ou*  John,  am/  r.  Wife  of  Mr.  Antony  Leigh.  P.  35  lint 
2,  /mz/i?  out  was,  between  all  cwd^  things.  /*.  32,  //'«;  1 5,  r,  AV 
Symou  Softhead,  y&r  Simeon  Lofthead. 


TO     THE 

READER. 


THE  Editor  of  the  enfuing  Rela- 
tion^ being  long  Converjant 
with  the  Plays  and  AEiors  of  the  Ori- 
ginal Company^  under  the  Patent  of 
Sir  William  Davenant,  at  his  Thea- 
tre in  Lincolns-Inn-Fields,  Opetid 
there  1662.  And  as  Book  keeper  and 
Prompter^  con  timid  fo^  till  October 
1706.  He  Writing  out  all  the  Parts 
in  each  Play  ;  and  Attending  every 
Morning  the  AEiors  Rehearfals^  and 
their  Performances  in  After  noons;  Em^ 
holdens  him  to  affirm^  he  is  not  very 
Errontous  in  his  Relation,  But  as  to 
the  AEiors  of  Drury-Lane  Company^ 
A  2  under 


To  the  Reader. 

under  Mr.  Thomas  Killigrew,  he 
having  the  Account  froniMr .  Charles 
Booth  fometimes  Book-keeper  there ; 
If  he  a  little  Deviates,  as  to  the  Sue- 
cejfftve  Order,  and  exaSi  time  of  their 
Plays  Performances,  He  begs  Pardon 
of  the  Reader,  and  Subfcribes  hinfelf, 


His  very  Humble  Servant, 
'John  Downes. 


Rofcius 


(O 


Rofcius  Anglicanus, 

O  R    A  N 
HISTORICAL     REVIEW 

O  F    T  H  E 

STAGE 

IN  the  Reign  of  King  Charles  the  Firft, 
there  were  Six  Play  Houfes  allow'd  in 
Town  :  The  Black  -  Fryars  Company, 
His  Majefty's  Servants ;  The  Bull  in  St.  John's- 
fireet ;  another  in  Salisbury  Court ;  another  call'd 
the  Fortune ;  another  at  the  Globe  ;  and  the  Sixth 
at  the  Cock-Pit  in  Drury-Lane ;  all  which  con- 
tinu'd  Afting  till  the  beginning  of  the  faid  Ci- 
vil Wars.  The  fcattered  Remnant  of  feveral 
of  thefe  Houfes,  upon  King  Charles's  Reftoration, 
Fram'd  a  Company  who  Ad:ed  again  at  the 
Bull,  and  Built  them  a  New  Houfe  in  Gibbon's 
Tennis  Court  in  Clare-Market ;  in  which  Two 
Places  they  continu'd  Adling  all  1660,  1661, 
1662  and  part  of  1663.  In  this  time  they  Built 
them  a  New  Theatre  in  Drury  Lane :  Mr.  T'ho- 
mas  Killigrew  gaining  a  Patent  from  the  King  in 

B  order 


ssaaBaHi 


m 


(> ) 

order  to  Create  them  the  King's  Servants  ;  and 
from  that  time,  they  call'd  themfelves  his  Ma- 
jefty's  Company  of  Comedians  in  Drury-Lane. 

Whofe  Names  were,  viz. 


Mr.  Tfieophilus  Bird. 

Mr.  Hart. 

Mr.  Mohun, 

Mr.  Lacy. 

Mr.  Burt. 

Mr.  Car tw right. 

Mr.  Clun. 

Mr.  Baxter. 


Mr.  Robert  Shatterel. 
Mr.  IViUiam  Shatterel. 
Mr.  Duke. 
Mr.  Hancock. 
Mr,  Kynafton. 
Mr.  Winterjel. 
Mr.  Bateman. 
Mr.  Blagden. 


Note,  thefe  following  came  not  into  the  Com- 
pany, till  after  they  had  begun  in  Brury-Lane. 


Mr.  Hains. 
Mr.  Griffin. 
Mr.  Goodman, 
Mr.  Ly^^o//. 
Mr.  Charleton. 
Mr.  *S'/zfr/)'. 
Mr.  Beejion. 


Thefe  Four  were  Bred 
up  from  Boys  under  the 
MaRer   ACTORS. 

Mr.  Bell. 
Mr.  Reeves. 
Mr.  Hughs. 
Mr.  Harris. 


Women. 


Mrs.  Corey. 
Mrs.  y^//;/  Marjhall. 
Mrs.  Eaftland. 
Mrs.  Weaver, 
Mrs.  t//»/;/7/. 
Mrs.  A'w/>. 
Mrs.  Hughs. 


NOT  E,  thefe  follow- 
in<j  came  into  the  Com- 
j)any  fomc  few  Years  after. 


Mrs.  Boutel. 
Mrs.  Ellin  Civin. 
Mrs.  James. 

Mrs.  Rebecca 


(3) 


Mrs.  Rebecca  Marjliall. 
Mrs.  Rutter. 


Mrs.  Verjuice 
Mrs.  Knight. 


The  Company  being  thus  Compleat,  they 
open'd  the  New  Theatre  in  Drury-Lane,  on 
Thurfday  in  Rafter  Week,  being  the  8//z,  Day  of 
A'pril  1663,     With  the   Humorous  Lieutenant. 

Note,  this  Comedy  was  A6led  Twelve  Days 
Succeflively, 


I. 


The  Humorous  Lieutenant. 


King, 

Mr.  Winterjel. 

Demetrius,                , 

Mr.  Hart. 

Seleucus, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Leontius, 

Major  Mohun. 

Lieutenant, 

Mr.  Clun. 

Celia, 

Mr.  Marjhal. 

II. 


Rule  a  Wife,  and  have  a  Wife. 


Don  Leon, 

Major  Mohun. 

Don  John  Decaftrio, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Michael  Perez, 

Mr.  Hart.     , 

Cacafago, 

Mr.  Clun. 

Margareta, 

Mrs.  Ann  MarJhaU 

Eftifania, 

Mrs.  Boutell. 

III. 

The  Fox, 

B 

2                       Volp 

(. 

o 

Vol  pone, 

Major  Mohun. 

Mofca, 

Mr.  Hart. 

Corbachio, 

Mr.  Cartwright 

Voltore, 

Mr.  Shatter  el. 

Corvino, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Sir  Politique 
Woud-be, 

} 

Mr.  Lacy. 

Peregrine, 

Mr.  Kynajion. 

Lady  Woud-be, 

Mrs.  Corey. 

Celia, 

Mrs.  Marjhal. 

IV. 
The  Silent  Woman. 


Morofe, 

True-Wit, 

Cleremont, 

Dauphin, 

Sir  Amorous, 

Sir  John  Daw. 

Captain  Otter, 

Epicene, 

Lady  Haughty, 

Mrs.  Otter. 


Mr.  Cartwright. 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Burt, 
Mr.  Kynajion. 
Mr.  Winterfel. 
Mr.  Shattered 
Mr.  Lacy, 
Mrs.  AO/^;). 
Mrs.  Rutter. 
Mrs.  Corey. 


The  Alchcmift. 


Subtil, 

Face, 

Sir  hip.  Mammon, 

Surly, 

Ananias, 


Mr.  JVinterJel. 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Cartwright. 
Mr.  /)'/^r/. 
Mr.  Lacy. 

Wholefome 


Wholefome, 
Dol.  Common,' 
Dame  Plyant, 


5  ) 

Mr.  Bateman. 
Mrs.  Corey. 
Mrs,  Rutter. 


VI. 


The  Maids  Tragedy. 


King,  _ 
Melantius, 

Mr.  Winter/el. 
Afajor  Mohun. 

Amintor, 

Mr.  Hart. 

Calianax, 

Mr.  Shatterel. 

Evadne, 

Mrs.  MarJhaL 

Afpatia, 

Mrs.  BouteL 

VII. 

King 

and  no  King. 

Arbaces, 

Mr.  Hart. 

Tygranes, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Mardonius, 

Major  Mohun. 

Gobrias, 

Lygones, 

BefTus, 

Mr.  Winterjel. 
Mr.  Cart-wright 
Mr.  Shotterel. 

Arane, 
Panthea. 

Mrs.  Corey. 
Madam  Gwin, 

VIII. 


Rollo,  Duke  of  Normandy. 


Rollo, 

Mr.  Hart, 

Otto, 

Mr.  Kynajlon. 

Aubrey, 

Major  Mohun. 

B.^ 

La  Torch 

•■T?!  9RimL  tttt.-  . .'.  .:-'.-a-|  1  { *ViJm 


( 

5) 

La  Torch, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Dutchefs, 

Mrs.  Cory. 

Edith, 

Mrs.  MarJhaL 

X. 


The  Scornful  Lady. 


Elder  Lovelefs, 

Younger  Lovelefs, 

Welford, 

Sir  Roger, 

The  Lady, 

Martha, 

Abigail, 


Mr.  Burt. 
Mr.  Kynafton, 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr.  Lacy. 
Mrs.  MarJhaL 
Mrs.  Rutter. 
Mrs.  Corey. 


XI 


The  Elder  Brother. 


Charles, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Euftace, 

Mr.  Kynajlon. 

Their  Father, 

Mr.  Loveday. 

The  Uncle, 

Air.  Gradivel. 

Charles's  Man, 

Mr.  Shotterel. 

Lady, 

Mrs.  Rutter. 

Lilia  Bianca, 

Mrs.  Boutel. 

X 

IL 

The  Moor 

of  Ve?iice. 

Brahantio, 

Mr.  Cartivright 

Moor, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Caflio, 

Mr.  Hart. 

J  ago 


Jago, 
Roderigo, 
Defdemona, 
Emilia, 


(7) 

Major  Mofiun. 
Mr.  Bee/ton. 
Mrs.  Hughs. 
Mrs.  Rutter. 


XIII. 


King  Henry  the  Fourth. 


King, 
Prince, 

Mr*  Winter/el. 
Mr.  Burt. 

Hotfpur, 

Mr.  Hart. 

FalftaiF, 
Poyns, 

Mr.  Cartwright, 
Mr.  Shotterel. 

XIV. 


The  Maiden  Queen. 


Lyfimantes, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Philocles, 

Major  Mohun. 

Celadon, 

Mr.  Hart. 

Queen, 

Mrs.  MarfJial. 

Afteria, 

Mr.  Knep. 

Florimef, 

Mrs.  Elen.  Gwin. 

Meliffa, 

Mrs.  Cory. 

XV. 

Mock 

Aftrologer. 

Don  Alonzo, 

Mr.  Winter/el 

Don  Lopez, 

Mr.  Burt. 

Belamy, 

Major  Mohun. 

Wildblood, 

Mr.  Hart. 

B 

4                        Maskal, 

Maskal, 
Theodofia, 
Jacyntha, 
Aurelia, 


(8  ) 

Mr.  Shatterel. 
Mrs.  Hughs. 
Mrs.  Elen.  Gwin. 
Mrs.  ^uyn. 

XV. 


Julius  Caefar. 


Julius  Caefar, 

Caffius, 

Brutus, 

Anthony, 

Calphurnia, 

Portia, 


Mr.  Bell. 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr*  Kynajton. 
Mrs.  Marjhal 
Mrs.  Corbet^ 


Note,  That  thefe  being  their  Principal  Old 
Stock  Plays ;  yet  in  this  Interval  from  the 
Day  they  begun,  there  were  divers  others  Ac- 
ted, 

Cataline's  Confpiracy. 
The  Merry  Wives  of  JVindfor. 
The  Opportunity. 
The  Example. 
The  Jovial  Crew. 
Philafter. 
The  Cardinal. 
As       Bartholomezv-Fair. 
The  Chances. 
The  Widow. 
The  Devil's  an  Afs. 
Argulus  and  Partheuia. 
Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 
Every  Man  out  of  Humour. 
The  Carnival. 
Sejanus.  The 


As 


(9) 

The  Merry  Devil  of  Edtnunton. 
Vittoria  Corumbona. 
The  Beggars  Bufh. 
The  Tray  tor. 
Titus  Andronicus, 


Thefe  behig  Old  Plays,  were  A6led  but  now 
and  then ;  yet  being  well  Perfurm'd,  were  ve- 
ry Satisfadory  to  the  Town. 


Next  follows  the  Plays,   Writ  by  the 
then  Modern  Poets ^      As, 

The  Indian  Emperour. 


Emperour, 
Odmar, 

Major  Mohun. 
Mx.  Winter/el. 

Guymor, 

Prieft, 

Cortez, 

Mr.  Kynafton. 
Mx.  Cartwright . 
Mx.  Hart. 

Vafquez, 
Ciduria, 

Mx.  Burt. 

Mxs.  Ellen  Gwin 

Almeria, 

Mrs.  Marjhall. 

Plain  I 

Dealer. 

Manly, 
Freem.an, 
Vtrnifh, 
Novel, 

Mr.  Hart. 

Mx.  Kynafton. 
Mx.  Griffin. 
Mx.  Clark. 

Major  Oldfox, 
Lord  Plaufible, 

Mx.  Cartwright. 
Mx.  Haines. 

Jerry 


Jerry  Blackacre, 


(  lo) 

I  Mr.  Charleton. 

Women, 


Olivia, 

Fidelia, 

Eliza, 

Widow  Blackacre, 


Mrs.  Mar/hall. 
Mrs.  Boutel. 
Mrs.  Knep. 
Mrs.  Corey. 


Tyrannick  Love. 


Maximin, 

Porphyrius, 

Placidius, 

Nigrinus, 

Amariel, 

Charinus, 

Valerius, 

Albinus, 

Apollonius, 


EmprefSy 

Valeria, 

St,  Catherine, 

Nacur, 

Damilcar, 


Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr.  Kynajton. 
Mr.  Beef  ton. 
Mr.  Bell. 
Mr.  Harris. 
Mr.  Lydal. 
Mr.  Littlewood. 
Mr.  Cartwright. 


Women. 


Mrs.  Marjhall. 
Mrs.  Ellin  Givin. 
Mrs.  Boutel. 
Mrs.  K)iep. 
Mrs.  James. 


Aurcng  Zcb. 


Old  Emperour, 
Aureng  Zeb  his  Son, 
Moral  the  Younger  Sony 
Arimaiit, 


Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr.  Kynajton. 
Mr.  W'interjel. 


Women, 


( II ) 

Women. 


Nourmahal  theEmpre/s^ 

Indamora, 

Melefinda, 


Mrs.  Marjhal. 
iVfrs.  Cox. 
Mrs.  Corbet. 


Alexander  the  Great. 


Alexander, 

Clytus, 

Lyfimachus, 

Hepheftion, 

CafTander, 

Poly  perch  on. 


Syfigambis, 
Statyra, 
Roxana,  v/ 


Mr.  Hart. 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Griffin. 
Mr.  Clark. 
Mr.  Kynafton. 
Mr.  Goodman. 


Women. 


Mrs.  Corey. 
Mrs.  Boutell. 
Mrs.  MarJhalL 


All  for  Love,  or  the  World  well  Loft. 


Marc  Anthony, 
Ventidius  his  General^ 
Dolabella  his  Friend^ 
AltxastheQ^ueensEnuchy 
Seraphion, 


Mr.  Hart. 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Clark. 
Mr.  Goodman. 
Mr.  Griffin. 


Women. 


Cleopatra, 
Odlavia, 


Mrs.  Boutel. 
Mrs.  Corey, 


The 


^.LU^,.JMil^ir- 


(     12) 

The  Affignation,  or  Love  in  a  Nun. 
nery. 


Duke  of  Mantua, 

Prince  Frederick, 

Aurelian, 

Camillo  his  Friend, 

Mario, 

Afcanio  Page, 

Benito, 


Major  Mohun. 
Mx.  Kynafton. 
Mr.  Hart. 
i  Mx.  Burt. 
Mx.  Carfujright . 
Mx.  Reeves. 
Mx.  Haines. 


\^ 


Women 


Sophronia, 
Lucretia, 

Hyppolita  a  Nun, 
Laura, 
Violetta, 


Afrs.  James. 
Mrs.  Marjhal. 
Mrs.  Kyup. 
Mrs.  Boutel. 
A/rs.  Cox. 


Mythridates  King  of  Pontus. 


Mythridates, 

Ziphares, 

Pharnaces, 

Archelaus, 

Pelopidus, 

Aquitius, 


Monima, 
Semandra, 


Major  Mohun. 

Mx.  Hart. 

Mx.  Goodman. 

Mx.  Griffin. 
\  Mx.  Winterjel. 
1  Mr.  Clark. 


Women. 


I  Mrs.  Corbet. 
Mrs.  Boutel. 


The 


( I 

3) 

The  Deftru6lion  of  Jerusalem 

Titus  Vefpafian, 
Phraartes, 

Mr.  Kyna/ton. 
Mr.  Hart. 

Matthias  high  Prteft, 
John, 

Major  Mohun, 
Mr.  Cartwright. 

Women. 

Clarona  D.  to  Matthias,     Mrs.  Boutell. 

Queen  Berenice,              |  Afrs  Marjhall. 

Marriage  Alamode. 

Polydamus, 
Leonidas, 

Mr.  WinterJeL 
Mr,  Kynajlon. 

Harmogenes, 

Mr.  Cartwright. 

Rhodophil, 
Palamede, 

Major  Mohun. 
Mr.  Burt. 

Women. 

Palmira, 

Mrs  Cox. 

Amathea, 

Mrs  James. 

Doralice, 

Mrs  Mar/hall. 

Melantha, 

Mrs  Boutell. 

The  Unhappy  Favourite,  or  the  Earl 
of  EJfex. 


I'helEarl  of  Efiex, 
'The^E.  0/ Southampton, 
Lord  Burleigh, 


Mr.  Clark.    ' 
Mr  Griffin. 
Major  Mohun. 


Women 


Mib^ 


■^-'••*'^^^'' 


(   14  ) 
Women. 


Queen  Elizabeth, 
Countejs  of  Rutland, 
Count  ejs  (?/Nottingham, 


Mrs.  Gwin. 
Mrs.  Cook. 
Mrs.  Corbet. 


The  Black  Prince, 


King  Edward  the  3^, 
King  John  of  France, 
The  Black  Prince^ 
Lord  Delaware, 
Count  Gueielin, 
Lord  Latimer, 


Major  Mohun. 
Mr.   IVinterfel. 

Kynaflon. 

Hart. 
Mr.  Burt. 
Mr.  Cartwright. 


Mr 

Mr, 


Women. 


Alizia, 

Plantagenet, 
Cleorin, 

Valeria  Dijguis'd^ 
A  Lady, 


Mrs.  Gzvin. 
Mrs.  Marjhall. 
Mrs.  Corey. 
F.  Damport. 
Betty  Bamport. 


The  Conqueft  of  Granada,  2  Parts, 


Mahomet  Boabdelin  1 
laji  King  (?/ Granada,  j 
Prince  Abdalla, 
Abdcmelech, 
Abenamar, 
Almanzcr, 

h'crdinand  A'.  0/ Spain, 
Duke  of  Arcos. 


Mr.  Kynaflon, 

^^r.  Lydal 
Major  Mohun. 
Mr   Cartwright. 
Mr.  Hart. 
Mr.  Lit  tie  wood. 
Mr.  Hell. 


Women 


(  15  ) 
Women. 


Almahide,  Q..  of  Gran. 

Lindaraxa, 

Benzaida, 

Efperanza, 

Ifabella  Q.  of  Spain, 


Mrs.  Ellen  Gwin. 
Mrs.  Mar/hall. 
Mrs.  Boutell. 
Mrs.  Reeves. 
Mrs.  James. 


Sophonisba,  or  Hanibal' s  Overthrow. 


Hannibal, 

Major  Mohun, 

Maherbal, 

Mr.  Buri. 

Bomilcar, 

Mr.  Winter/el. 

Scinio, 

Mr.  Kynajion. 

Lei  ills, 

Mr.  Lydall. 

MaffmifTa, 

Mr.  /:^^r/. 

Maffina, 

Mr.  Clark. 

Women. 


Sophonisba, 
Rofalnida, 


Mrs.  Cox. 
Mrs.   Bout  el. 


Note,  All  the  foregoing,  both  Old  and  Mo- 
dern Plays  being  the  Principal  in  their  Stock 
and  mofl-  taking,  yet,  they  Aded  divers  others, 
which  to  t  numerate  in  order,  wou'd  tire  the 
Patience  of  the  Reader.  As  Country  Wife ; 
hove  in  a  Wood ;  St.  James-Park;  Amboina  ;  The 
Cheats;  Selindra;  TheSurprizal;  VeflalVirgin;  'The 
Committee ;  Love  in  a  Maze  ;  The  Rehearjal :  In 
which  laft,  Mr.  Lacy., 


For 


(  >6) 

Javcs,  > 
Biys,  ) 


For  his  Jiiji  A^ing,  all  Q^ave  him  due  Praije, 
His  Part  in  the  Cheats,  Jony  Thump,  Teg  and  B 
In  i/tefe  Four  Excelling  ;  The  Court  gave  him  tlie 


And  many  others  were  Adled  by  the  Old 
Company  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  from  the  time 
they  begun,  till  the  Patent  defcended  to  Mr. 
Charles  Killigrew,  which  in  1682,  he  join'd  it  to 
Dr.  Davenani's  Patent,  whofe  Company  Acfled 
then  in  T>orJet  Garden,  which  upon  the  Union, 
were  Created  the  King's  Company  :  After 
which,  Mr.  Hart  Ad;ed  no  more,  having  a  Pen- 
fion  to  the  Day  of  his  Death,  from  the  United 
Company. 

I  mud  not  Omit  to  mention  the  Parts  in  fe- 
veral  Plays  of  fome  of  the  Acftors  ;  wherein 
they  Excell'd  in  the  Performance  of  them.  Firji^ 
Mr.  Hart,  in  the  Part  of  Arbaces,  in  King  and 
no  King  ;  yimintor,  in  the  Maids  Tragedy  ;  O- 
thello;  Rollo;  Brutus,  in  Julius  Cd-Jar;  Alexander ^ 
towards  the  latter  End  of  his  Ading  ;  if  he 
Aded  in  any  one  of  thefe  but  once  in  a  Fort- 
night, the  Houfe  was  fill'd  as  at  a  New  Play, 
efpecially  yllexander,  he  Adting  that  with  fuch 
Grandeur  and  Agreeable  Majerty,  That  one  of 
the  Court  was  pleas'd  to  Honour  him  with 
this  Commendation  ;  That  Hart  might  Teach 
any  King  on  Earth  how  to  Comport  himfelf : 
He  was  no  lefs  Inferior  in  Comedy  ;  as  Afofca 
in  the  Fox  ;  Don  John  in  the  Chances,  IFiltiblood 
in  the  Mock  Aftrologer ;  with  fundry  other 
Parts.  In  all  the  Comedies  and  Tragedies,  he 
was  conccrn'd  he  Perform'd  with  that  Exa(5lncfs 
and  Perfedion,  that  not  any  of  his  Succeffors 
have  Equall'd  him. 

Major 


fm'mmmmm'Kmmmk 


(   17  ) 

Major  Mohun^  he  was  Eminent  for  Volpone  ; 
Face  in  the  Alchymifi ;  Melantius  in  the  Maids 
Tragedy  ;  Mardonius,  in  King  and  no  King ; 
Caffius^  in  Julius  Cajar;  Clytus  m  Alexander;  Mi- 
thridates,  &c.  An  Eminent  Poet  feeing  him 
Ad:  this  laft,  vented  fuddenly  this  Saying  ;  Oh 
Mohun,Mohun!  'ThoulittleMan  ofMettle^ifljhould 
Write  aioo  Plays,id  PVritea  P  art  for  thy  Mouth; 
in  fhortj  in  all  his  Parts,  he  was  most  Accurate 
and  Correal. 

Mr.  Wimerjel,  was  good  in  Tragedy,  as  well 
as  in  Comedy,  efpecially  in  Cokes  in  Bartholo- 
mew Fair ;  that  the  Famous  Comedian  Nokes 
came  in  that  part  far  fhort  of  him. 

Then  Mr.  Burt,  Shatterel^  Cartwright  and  fe- 
veral  other  good  Adlors,  but  to  Particularize 
their  Commendations  wou'd  be  too  Tedious  ;  I 
refer  you  therefore  to  the  feveral  Books, 
their  Names  being  there  inferted. 

Next  follows  an  Account  of  the  Rife  and 
Progreffion,  of  the  Dukes  Servants  ;  under  the 
Patent  of  Sir  William  Davenant  who  upon  the 
faid  Junftion  in  1682,  remov'd  to  the  Theatre 
Royal  in  Drury-Lane,  and  Created  the  King's 
Company. 

In  the  Year  1659,  General  Alonk,  Marching 
then  his  Army  out  of  Scotland  to  London.  Mr. 
Rhodes  a  Bookfeller  being  Wardrobe- Keeper 
formerly  (  as  I  am  inform'd  )  to  King  Charles 
the  Firft's,  Company  of  Comedians  in  Black- 
Friars  ;  getting  a  Licenfe  from  the  then  Go- 
verning State,  fitted  up  a  Houfe  then  for  A6ling 
call'd  the  Cock-pit  in  Drury-Lane,  and  in  a  fhort 
time  Compleated  his  Company. 

C  Their 


^ 


MinMNS^ 


(  i8  ) 
Their  Names  were,  viz. 


Mr.  Better  ton. 
Mr.  Sheppy. 
Mr.  Lovel. 
Mr.  Lillijlon. 
Mr.  Underhill, 
Mr.  'Turner. 
Mr.  'Dixon. 
Robert  Nokes. 


Note,  Thcfe  fix  commonly 
A<ned  Womcns  Parts. 

Mr.  Kynafton. 
James  Nokes. 
Mr.  Angel. 
l^Villiam  Better  ton. 
Mr.  Mofely. 
Mr.  Floid. 


The  Plays  there  AEied  were^ 

The  Loyal  Subjeft. 

iWaid  in  the  M\\\ 

The  Wild  Goofe  Chafe. 

The  Spanijh  Curate. 

The  iVfad  Lover. 

Pericles,  Prince  of  Tyre. 

A  Wife  for  a  Month. 

Rule  Wife  and  have  a  Wife. 

The  Tamer  Tam'd, 

The  Unfortunate  Lovers. 

ylglaura. 

Changling. 

Bondman.      /FJrV/;  divers  others. 

Mr.  Betterton,  being  then  but  22  Years  Old, 
was  highly  Applauded  for  his  Ading  in  all 
thefe  Plays,  but  efpccially,  For  the  Loyal  Sub- 
jc(5l  ;  The  Mad  Lover  ;  Pericles  ;  The  liond- 
man  :  Defores,  in  the  Changling  ;  his  \'oice 
being  then  as  Audibly  ftron;^,  full  and  Arti- 
culate, as  in  the  Prime  of  his  Ading. 

Mr. 


(  19  ) 

Mr.  Sheppy  Performed  'Theodore  in  the  Loyal 
Subjed ;  Duke  Altophil,  in  the  Unfortunate 
Lovers ;  Jfotus,  in  the  Bondman,  and  feveral 
other  Parts  very  well ;  But  above  all  the  Chang- 
ling,  with  general  Satisfacftion. 

Mr.  Kynajton  A6led  Artniope,  in  the  Unfortu- 
nate Lovers  ;  The  Princefs  in  the  Mad  Lover  ; 
Aglaura  ;  Ifmenia,  in  the  Afaid  in  the  M'lW  \  and 
feveral  other  Womens  Parts ;  he  being  then  ve- 
ry Young  made  a  Compleat  Female  Stage 
Beauty,  performing  his  Parts  fo  well,  efpecial- 
ly  Arthiope  and  Aglaura.  being  Parts  greatly 
moving  CompafTion  and  Pity  ;  that  it  has  fince 
been  Difputable  among  the  Judicious,  whether 
any  Woman  that  fucceeded  him  fo  Senfibly 
touch'd  the  Audience  as  he. 

Mr.  James  Nokes  Aded  firft,  The  Maid  in  the 
Mill ;  after  him  Mr.  Angel ;  Aminta  in  the  fame . 
■  Play  was  Adled  by  Mr.  William  Better  ton  (  who 
not  long  after  was  Drown 'd  in  Swimming  at 
IVallingford  )  They  A6led  feveral  other  Womens 
Parts  in  the  faid  Plays,  very  Acceptable  to  the 
Audience:  Mo/V/y  and  7^/6'/^  commonly  A6led 
the  Part  of  a  Bawd  and  Whore. 

In  this  Interim,  Sir  William  Davenant  gain'd 
a  Patent  from  the  King,  and  Created  Mr.  Bet- 
terton  and  all  the  Reft  of  Rhodes  s  Company,  the 
King's  Servants ;  who  were  Sworn  by  my  Lord 
Manchejter  then  Lord  Chamberlain,  to  Serve 
his  Royal  HIghnefs  the  Duke  of  Tork^  at  the 
Theatre  in  Lincoln'' s- Inn  Fields. 

Note, The  three  following, were  yiew  A5iors  taken 
in  by  Sir  William,  to  Compleat  the  Company  he  had 
from  Mr  Rhodes. 

C  2  Mr.  Harris 


■bMMttS^ia^ 


Mr.  Harris. 
Mr.  Price. 


( 20) 

Mr.  Richards. 
Mr.  Blagden. 


The  Five   following  came  not    in   till  almost  a 
Year  after  they  begun. 


]NJr.  Smiih. 
Mr.  Sandford. 
Mr.  Medburn, 


Mr.  Toung. 
Mr.  Norris. 


Sir  William  Dave7iant  s  Women  Ac- 
treffes  were, 

Note.,  Thefe  Four  being  his  Principal  Adref- 
fes,  he  Boarded  them  at  his  own  Houfe. 


Mrs.  'Davenport. 
Mrs.  Saunderjon. 

Mrs.  Ann  Gihbs. 

Mrs,  Norris. 


Mrs.  Davies. 

Mrs.  Long. 

Mrs.  Ho/den. 

Mrs.  Jennings. 


His  Company  being  now  Compleat,  Sir 
William  in  order  to  prepare  Plays  to  Open  his 
Theatre,  it  being  then  a  Building  in  Lincobis- 
Inn  Fields.,  His  Company  Rehears'd  the  Firft 
and  Second  Part  of  the  Siege  of  Rhodes ;  and 
the  Wits  at  Pothecaries-Uall :  And  in  Spring 
1662,  Open'd  his  Houfe  with  the  faid  Plays, 
having  new  Scenes  and  Decorations,  being  the 
firft  that  e're  were  Introduc'd  in  England.  Mr. 
Betterton.,  A(5tcd  Soly-man  the  Magnificent ; 
Mr.  Harris,  Alphonjo\  Vix.  Lilli/lon,Villcriiist\i^ 
Grand  Mafter  ;  Mx  Blagden  the  Admiral  ;  Mrs. 
Davenport,  Roxolana  ;     A/rs.   Sander/on  Ian  the  ; 

All 


( =l) 

All  Parts  being  Juftly  and  Excellently  Per- 
form'd  ;  it  continu'd  Adting  12  Days  without 
Interruption  with  great  Applaufe. 

The  next  was  the  Wits,  a  Comedy,  Writ  by 
Sir  William  Davenant ;  The  Part  of  the  Elder 
Palatine,  Perform 'd  by  Mr.  Better  ton  ;  The 
Younger  Palatine  by  Mr  Harris  ,  Sir  Morgly 
Thwack,  by  Mr.  Under  hill  Lady  Ample  ^  by  Afrs. 
Davenport :  All  the  other  Parts  being  exaft- 
ly  Performed ;  it  continu'd  8  Days  Ading  Suc- 
ceffively. 

The  Tragedy  of  Hamlet ;  Hamlet  being  Per- 
form'd  by  Mr.  Betterton,  Sir  William  (having  {^.^rv 
Mr.  Taylor  of  the  Black-Fryars  Company  Adl 
it,  who  being  Inftruded  by  the  Author  Mr. 
Shakfepeur  )  taught  Mr.  Betterton  in  every 
Particle  of  it  ;  which  by  his  exad:  Perfor- 
mance of  it,  gain'd  him  Efteem  and  Reputati- 
on, Superlative  to  all  other  Plays  Horatio  by 
Mr.  Harris  ;  The  King  by  Mr.  Lilli/lon  ;  The 
Ghoft  by  Mr.  Richards,  (  after  by  Mr.  Medburn  ) 
Polonius  by  Mr.  Lovel;  Rojencrans  by  Mr.Dixon\ 
Guilderjiern  by  Mr.  Price  ;  i/l.  Grave-maker,  by 
Mr.  Under  hill :  The  id,  by  Mr.  D  acres  ;  The 
Queen,  by  Mrs.  Davenport ;  Ophelia,  by  Afrs. 
Sander/on  :  No  fucceeding  Tragedy  for  feveral 
Years  got  more  Reputation,  or  Money  to  the 
Company  than  this. 

Love  and  Honour,  wrote  by  Sir  William  Da- 
venant :  This  Play  was  Richly  C  oath'd  ;  The 
King  giving  Mr.  Betterton  his  Coronation  Suit, 
in  which,  he  A6led  the  Part  of  Prince  Alva- 
ro  ;  The  Duke  of  York  giving  Mr.  Harris  his, 
who  did  Prince  Projpero  ;  And  my  Lord  of  Ox- 
ford, gave  Mr.  Jojeph  Price  his,  who  did  Lionel 
C  3  the 


(" ) 

the  Duke  of  Parma! s  Son  ;  The  Duke  was  Ac- 
ted by  Mr.  Lillifton  ;  Evandra,  by  Mrs.  Daven- 
port, and  all  the  other  Parts  being  very  well 
done  :  The  Play  having  a  great  run,  Produ- 
c'd  to  the  Company  great  Gain  and  Eftimation 
from  the  Town. 

Romeo  and  Juliet^  Wrote  by  Mr.  Shakespear  : 
Romeo,  was  Adled  by  Mr.  Harris  ;  Mercutio,  by 
Mr.  Betterton;  Count  Paris,  by  Mr.  Price  ;  The 
Fryar,  by  Mr.  Richards ;  Sajnpjon,  by  Mr.  Sand- 
ford',  Gregory,  by  Mr.  Underhill ;  Juliet,  by  Mrs. 
Saunderfon  ;  Count  Paris's  Wife,by  Mrs,  Ho/den. 

Note,  There  being  a  Fight  and  Scuffle  in  this 
Play,  between  the  Houfe  of  Capulet,  and  Houfe 
of  Paris  ;  Mrs.  Ho iden  A6ting  his  Wife,  enter'd 
in  a  Hurry,  Crying,  O  my  Dear  Count !  She  In- 
advertently left  out,  O,  in  the  pronuntiation  of 
the  Word  Count  !  giving  it  a  Vehement  Accent, 
put  the  Houfe  into  fuch  a  Laughter,  that  Lon- 
don Bridge  at  low  Water  was  filence  to  it. 

The  Tragedy  of  Romeo  and  Juliet,  was  made 
fome  time  after  into  a  Tragi-comedy,  by  Mr. 
James  Howard,  he  preferving  Romeo  and  Juliet  a- 
live ;  fo  that  when  the  Tragedy  was  Reviv'd  a- 
gain,  'twas  Play'd  Alternately,  Tragical  one 
Day,  and  Tragicomical  another ;  for  feveral 
Days  together. 

The  Adventures  of  five  Hours,  Wrote  by  the 
Earl  of  Brisjlol,  and  Sir  Samuel  Tuke  :  This  Play 
being  Cloath'd  fo  Excellently  Fine  in  proper 
Habits,  and  Aded  fojuftly  well.  Mr.  Better- 
ton,  Adling  Don  Henriq;  Mr.  Harris,  Antonio  ; 
Mr.  Toung,  Octavio  ;  Mr.  Under/it il,  Diego;  Mr. 
Sandford,  Ernejlo  ;  Mr.  Smith,  the  Corrigidor  ; 
Mr.Price, Silvio;  Mrs.  Davenport,  Camilla;  Mrs. 

Betterton, 


(23) 

Betterton.Portia;  Mrs.  Long,  Flora.  It  took  Suc- 
ceffively  13  Days  together,  no  other  Play  In- 
tervening, 

Twelfth  Night,  Or  what  you  will;  Wrote 
by  My.  Shake/pear,  had  mighty  Succefs  by  its 
well  Performance  :  Sir  Toby  Belch,  by  Mr.  Bet- 
terton  ;  Sir  Andrew  Ague-Cheek,  by  Mr.  Harris  \ 
Fool,  by  Mr.  Underhill ;  Maholio  the  Steward, 
by  Mr.  Lovel ;  Olivia,  by  Mrs.  Ann  Gihbs\  All 
the  Parts  being  juftly  A6led  Crown'd  the  Play. 
Note,//  was  got  uponpurpofetobe  A£fedon'Twelfth 
Night. 

The  Villain,  Written  by  M2ipr  Thomas  Por- 
ter ;  this  Play  by  its  being  well  perform'd,  had 
Succefs  extremly  beyond  the  Company's  Ex- 
pediation.  Mr.Betterton,A6\:mg  Monjieur  Brifac, 
Mr.  Harris,  Monfieur  Beanpre  ;  Governour,  Mr. 
Lillijlon;  Bontefeu,  Mr.  Toung. 

Maligni,  the  Villain  ;  Mr.  Saunford,  Coligni  ; 
the  Scriveners  Son,  by  that  Inimitable  Spright- 
ly A6lor,  Mr.  Price  ;  (  efpecially  in  this  part  ) 
Bellmont,  by  Mrs.  Betterton  :  It  Succeeded  i  o 
Days  with  a  full  Houfe,  to  the  laft, 

The  Rivals,  A  Play,  Wrote  by  Sir  William 
Davenant ;  having  a  very  Fine  Interlude  in  it, 
of  Vocal  and  Inftrumental  Mufick,  mixt  with 
very  Diverting  Dances  ;  Mr.  Price  introducing 
the  Dancing,  by  a  fhort  Comical  Prologue, 
gain'd  him  an  Univerfal  Applaufe  of  the  Town 
The  Part  of  Theocles,  was  done  by  Mr.  Harris ; 
Philander,  by  Mr.  Betterton  ;  Cunopes  the  Jailor, 
by  Mr.  Underhill :  And  all  the  Womens  Parts 
admirably  Aded ;  chiefly  Celia,  a  Sheperdefs 
being  Mad  for  Love  ;  efpecially  in  Singing  fe- 
veral  Wild  and  Mad  Songs 

C  4  My 


-^   ■• 


Muioaammm 


(24) 

My  Lodging  it  is  on  the  Cold  Ground^  &c. 
She  perform'd  that  fo  Charmingly,  that  not 
long  after,  it  Rais'd  her  from  her  Bed  on 
the  Cold  Ground,  to  a  Bed  Royal.  The  Play 
by  the  Excellent  performance  ;  lafted  uninter- 
ruptly  Nine  Days,  with  a  full  Audience. 

King  Henry  the  8///,  This  Play,  by  Order  of 
Sir  William  Davenant,  was  all  new  Cloath'd  in 
proper  Habits :  The  King's  was  new,  all  the 
Lords,  the  Cardinals,  the  Bifhops,  the  Do6tors, 
Pro6tors,  Lawyers,  Tip-ftaves,  new  Scenes : 
The  part  of  the  King  was  fo  right  and  juftly 
done  by  Mr.  Betterton,  he  being  Inftrucfted  in  it 
by  Sir  IVilliam,  who  had  it  from  Old  Mr.  Lowen, 
that  had  his  Inftrudions  from  Mr.  Shake/pear 
himfelf,  that  Idare  and  will  aver,  none  can, 
or  will  come  near  him  in  this  Age,  in  the  per- 
formance of  that  part :  Mr.  Harris's,  performance 
of  Cardinal  IVolfey,  was  little  Inferior  to  that, 
he  doing  it  with  fuch  juft  State,  Port  and 
Mein,  that  I  dare  affirm,  none  hitherto  has  E- 
quall'd  him  :  The  Duke  of  Buckingham^  by  Mr. 
Smith  ;  Norfolk,  by  Mr.  Nokes  ;  Suffolk,  by  Mr. 
LilliJion\  Cardinal  Campeius  and  Cramnur,hy  Mr. 
Medburn  ;  Bifhop  Gardiner,  by  Mr.  Under  hill ; 
Earl  o^ Surry,  by  Mr.  Toung;  Lord  Sands J^y  Mr. 
Price  ;  Mrs.  Betterton,  Queen  Catherine  :  Every 
part  by  the  great  Care  of  Sir  IVilliam,  being 
exadly  perform'd  ;  it  being  all  new  Cloath'd 
and  new  Scenes  ;  it  continu'd  A(5ting  1 5  Days 
together  with  general  Applaufe. 

Love  in  a  Tub,  Wrote  by  Sir  George  Etheridgi; 
Mr.  Betterton,  performing  Lord  Beanford ',  Mr. 
Smithy  Colonel  Bruce  ;  Mr.  Norris,  Lovis  ;  Mr. 
Nokes,  Sir  Nicholas  Cully;  Mr.  Underhill,Pahm'r\ 

Mr. 


'(  iS  ) 

Mr.  Saunford,'SS[hQ.2idXQ;  yirs.Betterton^Graciana; 
Mrs.  Davies,  Aurelia  ;  Mrs.  Long,  the  "Widow  ; 
Mr.  Harris, Sir  FrederickFrollich,  Mr.  Price j  Du- 

foy- 

Sir  Nich'las,  Sir  Fred'rick  ;  Widow  and  Dufoy, 
Were  not  by  any  fo  well  done^  Mafoy  ; 

The  clean  and  well  performance  of  this 
Comedy,  got  the  Company  more  Reputation 
and  Profit  than  any  preceding  Comedy ;  the 
Company  taking  in  a  Months  time  at  it   looo/. 

Cutter  of  Coleman  -fireet ;  Written 
by  Mr.    Abraham  Cowley,    Colonel  ^°^'^  ™s  ^l^y 

cv    7  7  r         >  1   1       n  yr  Ti  '^'^s  not  alittle  m- 

Jolly,  perform  d  by  Mr.  Betterton  ;  jurious  to  the  Ca- 
Old    True -man,    by    Mr.    Lovel  ^^^l^""     indigent 

^  T.i       TT        •        /^      '  Officers ;  efpecial- 

Young  True-man,  Mr.  tiarris  ;  Lut-\y  the  Character 
/^r,Mr.  Underbill  \  Captain  Worme,""^^^";"''-  ^""^ 
Mr.  Sandford ,  Parfon  Soaker,  Mr. 
Daeres  ;  Puny,  Mr.  Nokes;  JVill.  Mr.  Price;  Au- 
relia, by  Mrs.  Betterton  ;  Lucia,  Mrs.  Ann  Gibbs; 
Laughing  Jane,  by  Mrs.  Long :  This  Comedy 
being  A6led  fo  perfectly  Well  and  Exadl,  it  was 
perform'd  a  whole  Week  with  a  full  Audience. 

The  Dutchefs  of  Malfey.  Wrote  by  Mr.  Web- 
lier  :  Duke  Ferdinand,  Perform'd  by  Mr.  Harris: 
Bofola,  by  Mr.  Betterton  :  Antonio,  Mr.  Smith: 
Cardinal,  Mr.  Toung  :  Dutchefs  of  Malfey,  by 
Mrs.  Betterton  :  Julia,  the  Cardinals  Miftrefs,  by 
Mrs,  Gibbs :  This  Play  was  fo  exceeding  Ex- 
cellently ASfed  in  all  Parts  ;  chiefly,  Duke  Ferdi- 
nand and  Bojola  :  It  fiU'd  the  Houfe  8  Days  Suc- 
ceflively,  it  proving  one  of  the  Beft  of  Stock 
Tragedies. 

The  Tragedy  of  Muftapha,  Wrote  by  the  Earl 
of  Orrery.     The  part  of  Solyman  the  Magnifi- 
cent, 


j^^^ 


(  ^6  ) 

cent,  was  done  by  Mr.  Betterton  :  Mujlapha^  Mr. 
Harris  :  Zanger,  Mr.  Smith :  Rujlan^  Mr.  Sand- 
ford:  Pyrrhus^  Mr.  Richards :  Mr.  Young.  Hal}\ 
Mr.  Cademan:  Roxolana,  Mrs.  Davenport :  (  Af- 
terward Mrs.  Betterton^  and  then  by  one  Mrs. 
Wijeman  )  Queen  oiHiingaria,  Mrs.  Davies.  All 
the  Parts  being  new  Cloath'd  with  new  Scenes, 
Sir  JVilliam^s  great  Care  of  having  it  perfed: 
and  exactly  perform'd,  it  produced  to  himfelf 
and  Company  vaft  Profit. 

Thefe  being  all  the  Principal,  which  we 
call'd  .  Stock-Plays  ;  that  were  ASIed  from  the 
Time  they  Open'd  the  Theatre  in  1662,  to 
the  beginning  of  May^  1665,  at  which  time 
the  Plague  began  to  Rage  :  The  Company 
ceas'd  Acting  ;  till  the  Chrijlmajs  after  the  Fire 
in  1666.  Yet  there  were  feveral  other  Plays 
A5led^  from  1662,  to  1665,  both  Old  and  Mo- 
dern :  As  a  Comedy  call'd,  A  Trick  to  catch  the 
Old  One  :  T'he  Sparagus  Garden:  Wit  in  a  ConJIa- 
ble.  Tu  Quoque  :  '•the  tragedy  of  King  Lear,  as 
Mr.  Shakefpear  Wrote  it ;  before  it  was  alter'd 
by  Mr.  Tate.  The  Slighted  Maid :  The  Step-Mo- 
ther ^  both  Written  by  Sir  Robert  Stapleton :  Lazv 
again/l  Lovers, by  Sir  William  Davenant.  'fis  bet- 
ter than  it  roas :  Worfe  atul  Worfe  :  Thefe  Two 
Comedies  were  made  out  of  Spanip,  by  the 
Earl  of  Brijiol.  The  Ghofts,  Wrote  by  Mr. 
Holden  :  Pandora,  Wrote  by  Sir  IJ'illiam  Killi- 
grew.  The  Company  ending  as  I  faid  with  Mujia- 
pha,  in  May  1665,  after  a  Year  and  Half's 
Difcontinuance  ;  they  by  Command  began 
with  the  fame  Play  again  at  Court .-  The  Chrijl- 
inafs  after  the  Fire  in  1666  :  And  from  thence 
continu'd  again  to  Ad  at  their  Theatre  In  Lin- 
cohCs  Inn- Fie  Ids.  The 


Im 


^YERSITY    ) 

OF  / 

The  firfl  new  Play  fh^iy^^i^^a  in  1666, 
was  :  The  Tragedy  of  Cambyfes,  Ki?7g  of  Perfi^, 
Wrote  by  Mr.  SeUle  :  Cambyfes,  was  perfornt'd 
by  Mr.  Betterton :  Frexajpes  the  General,  by  Mr. 
Harris  :  Prince  Smerdis,  Mr.  I'oung  :  Mandana, 
by  Mrs.  Betterton :  All  the  other  Parts,  being 
perfe6lly  well  A6ted,  Succeeded  fix  Days  with 
a  full  Audience. 


^fter  this  the  Company  Revived  Three  Comedies  of 
Mr.  SherlyV,  viz. 


The  Grateful  Servant. 
The  Witty  Fair  One. 
The  School  of  Comple- 
ments. 

The  JVoman's  a  Weather 
Cock. 


Thefe  Plays  being  per- 
fecflly  well  Perform'd  ;  ef- 
pecially  Dulciiio  the  Grate- 
ful Servant,  being  Atled  by 
Mrs.  Long;  and  the  firfl 
time  fhe  appear'd  in  Man's 
Habit,  pro\-'d  as  Beneficial 
to  the  Company,  as  feveral 
fucceeding  new  Plays. 


Richard  the  Third,  or  the  Englijh  Princefs, 
"Wrote  by  Mr.  Carrol^  was  Excellently  well  Ac- 
ted in  every  Part ;  chiefly,  King  Richard,  by 
Mr.  Betterton  ;  Duke  of  Richmond,  by  Mr.  Har- 
ris ;  Sir  William  Stanly,  by  Mr.  Smith,  Gain'd 
them  an  Additional  Eftimation,  and  the  Ap- 
plaufe  from  the  Town,  as  well  as  profit  to  the 
whole  Company, 

King  Henry  the  ^th.  Wrote  by  the  Earl  of 
Orrery.  Mr.  Harris,  y^^edthe.K'mg  :  Mr.  Bet- 
terton, Owen  Tudor  :  Mr.  Smith,  Duke  of  Bur- 
gundy :  Duke  of  Bedford,  Mr.  Lillijlon  :  Earl  of 
Warwick,  Mr.  Angel :  Clermont,  Mr.  Medburn: 
Queen,  Mrs.  Betterton.  This  Play  was  Splen- 
didly  Cloath'd :     The   King  in   the   Duke   of 

Tork's 


(28) 

York's  Coronation  Suit :  Owen  Tudor,  in  King 
Charles :  Duke  of  Burgundy,  in  the  Lord  of 
Oxford^Sy  and  the  reft  all  New.  It  was  Excel- 
lently Perform'd,  and  Aded  lo  Days  Succef- 
fively. 

After  this  my  Lord  Orrery,  Writ  Two  Come- 
dies :  The  firft  call'd  Gufman  ;  the  other  Mr. 
Anthony  Gufman^  took  very  well,  the  other  but 
indifferent.  There  being  an  odd  fort  of  Duel 
in  it,  between  Mr.  Nokes  and  Mr.  Angel,  both 
Comicks  meeting  in  the  Field  to  fight,  one 
came  Arm'd  with  a  Blunderbus,  the  other  with 
a  Bow  and  Arrows. 

Sir  Martin  Marral,  The  Duke  of  New-Cajlle, 
giving  Mr.  Dryden  a  bare  Tranflation  of  it,  out 
of  a  Comedy  of  the  Famous  French  Poet  Mon- 
Jeur  Moleiro  :  He  Adapted  the  Part  purpofely 
for  the  Mouth  of  Mr.  Nokes,  and  curioufly  Po- 
liftiing  the  whole  ;  Mr.  Smith,  Adling  Sir  John 
Swallow  ;  Mr.  Toung,  Lord  Dartmouth;  Mr.  Un- 
der hill  ^  Old  Moody  ;  Mr.  Harris y  Warner  ;  Mrs. 
Norris,  Lady  Dupe;  Mrs.  Millijent,  Madame  Da- 
vies.  All  the  Parts  being  very  Juft  and  Exact- 
ly perform'd,  'fpecially  Sir  Martin  and  his 
Man,  Mr  Smith,  and  feveral  others  fince  have 
come  very  near  him  but  none  Equall'd,  nor 
yet  Mr.  Nokes  in  Sir  Martin  :  This  Comedy 
was  Crown'd  with  an  Excellent  Fntry  :  In  the 
laft  Ad  at  the  Mask,  by  Mr.  Prieji  and  Madam 
Davies  ;  This,  and  Love  in  a  Tub,  got  the  Com- 
pany more  Money  than  any  preceding  Come- 

She  Wou'd  if  She  Cou'd,  Wrote  by  Sir  George 
Etheridgc;  Courtall,  A6\:cd  by  Mr.  Smith:  Free- 
man, Mr.  Toung  :  Sir  Jojlin,  Mr.  Harris  :  Sir  O- 

livery 


(29) 

liver^  Mr.  "Nokes  :  Ariana,  Mrs.  Jenning\  Gatty^ 
Mrs.  Davies:  Lady  Cj^/^i^;!?!?^,  Mrs.  Shadwell.  It 
took  well,  but  Inferior  to  Love  in  a  Tub. 

After  this  were  A6led,  The  Queen  of  Arra- 
gon^  and  Cupid's  Revenge 

The  Impertinents,  or  Sullen  Lovers,  Wrote 
by  Mr.  Shadwell ;  This  Comedy  being  Admi- 
rably A6ted  :  Efpecially,  Sir  Pofitive  At-all,  by 
Mr.  Harris  :  Poet  Ninny ^  by  Mr.  Nokes  ;  IVood- 
cock^  by  Mr.  Angel :  Standford  and  Emilia  ;  the 
Sullen  Lovers  :  One  by  Mr.  Smith,  and  the  o- 
ther  by  Mrs.  Shadwell,  This  Play  had  won- 
derful Succefs,  being  A6ted  1 2  Days  together, 
when  our  Company  were  Commanded  to  Dos 
ver,  in  May  1670.  The  King  with  all  his  Court, 
meeting  his  fifter,  the  Dutchefs  of  Orleans  there. 
This  Comedy  and  Sir  Solomon  Single^  pleas'd 
Madam  the  Dutchefs,  and  the  whole  Court 
extremely.  The  Fre^ich  Court  wearing  then 
Exceffive  fhort  Lac'd  Coats  ;  fome  Scarlet, 
fome  Blew,  with  Broad  waft  Belts  ;  Mr.  Nokes 
havinof  at  that  time  one  fhorter  than  the  French 
Fafhion,  to  Ad  Sir  Arthur  Addle  in  ;  the  Duke 
of  Monmouth  gave  Mr.  Nokes  his  Sword  and 
Belt  from  his  Side,  and  Buckled  it  on  himfelf, 
on  purpofe  to  Ape  the  French :  That  Mr.  Nokes 
lookt  more  like  a  Dreft  up  Ape,  than  a  Sir 
Arthur  :  Which  upon  his  firft  Entrance  on  the 
Stage,  put  the  King  and  Court  to  an  Excef- 
five Laughter  ;  at  which  the  French  look'd  ve- 
ry Shaggrin,  to  fee  them.felves  Ap'd  by  fuch  a 
Buffoon  as  Sir  Arthur  :  Mr.  Nokes  kept  the 
Dukes  Sword  to  his  Dying  Day. 

Sir  Solo7nan  Single,  Wrote  by  Mr.  Carrol,  Sir 
Solomon  Adled  by  Mr.  Betterton:  Peregrine  Wood- 
land 


(  30) 

land,  by  Mr.  Harris  :  Single,  by  Mr.  Smith:  Mi. 
IVary^  by  Mr.  Sandford:  Timothy,  by  Mr.  Under- 
hill:  Betty,  by  Mrs.  Jofmjon:  Julia,  Mrs.  Better- 
ton.  The  Play  being  Singularly  well  Jcfed, 
it  took  1 2  Days  together. 

The  Woman  made  a  Juftice  :  Wrote  by  Mr. 
Betterton:  ^rs. Long ,  Aclingxht  Juftice  fo  Charm- 
ingly ;  and  the  Comedy  being  perfe(5l  and  juft- 
ly  Afted,  fo  well  pleas'd  the  Audience,  it  con- 
tinu'd  Afling  14  Days  together:  The  Prologue 
being  fpoke  to  it  each  Day. 

The  Amorous  Widow,  or  the  Wanton  Wife, 
Wrote  by  the  fame  Author.  Mr.  Betterton,  Ac- 
ted Lovemore:  Mr.  Smith,  Cunnigham:  Mx.  Nokes, 
Barnaby  Brittle  :  The  Widow,  A/rs.  Betterton  .- 
Mrs.  Longy  Mrs.  Brittle  :  She  Performed  it  fo 
well,  that  none  Equall'd  her  but  Mrs.  Brace- 
girdle. 

The  Unjuft  Judge,or  Appi us  Virginia,  done  by 
the  sa.mQ  Author,  FirginiusA^ed  by  Mr. Betterton, 
Appius,  the  Unjuft  Judge,  by  Mr.  Harris:  Virgi- 
nia, by  Mrs.  Betterton.  And  all  the  other  Parts 
Exa5lly  perform'd,  it  lafted  SucceHively  8  Days, 
and  very  frequently  A5ied  afterwards. 

The  Afan's  the  Mifter,  Wrote  by  Sir  IVilliam 
Davenant,  being  the  laft  Play  he  ever  Wrote, 
he  Dying  prefently  after ;  and  was  Bury'd  in 
Wejlminfter-Abby ,  near  Mr.  Chaucer  sMo\\\xrr\tr\\., 
Our  whole  Company  attendinq^  his  Funeral. 
This  Comedy  in  general  was  very  well  Per- 
form'd, efpecially,  the  Maflcr,  by  Mr.  Harris ; 
the  Man,  by  Mr.  Under  hill:  Mr.  Harris  and  Mr. 
Sandford,  Singing  the  Epilogue  like  two  Street 
Ballad-Singers. 

Note, 


v 


( 31 ) 

Note,  My.  Cademan  in  this  Flay\  not  long  after 
our  Company  began  in  Dorfet-Garden;  his  Fart  be- 
ing to  Fight  with  Mr.  Harris,  was  Unfortunately, 
with  a  JharpFo{lpierc'dneartheEye,which]foMaim'd 
both  his  Hand  and  his  Speech,  that  he  canmake  little 
ufe  of  either-,  for  which  MiJ chance, he  has  received  a 
Fenjion  ever  si7ice  1673,  being  35  Years  a goe. 

This  being  the  laft  New  Play  that  was  Jfied 
in  Lincolns-Inn  Fields,  yet  there  were  fundry  o- 
thers  done  there,  from  1662,  till  the  time  they 
left  that  Houfe ;  As  Love's  Kingdom,  Wrote  by 
Mx.Fleckno:  The  Royal  Shepherdefs,  by  Mr.  Shad- 
well:  Two  Fools  well  met,hY  My.  Lodwick  Car  Hie: 
The  Coffee-houje,  by  My.  Sincerf:  All-Flot,  or  the 
Difguifes,  by  My.  Stroude  :  All  which  Expir'd  the 
third  Day,  fave  the  Royal  Shepherdefs,  which 
liv'd  Six. 

Note,  About  the  Year  1670,  Mrs.  Aldridge, 
after  Mrs.  Lee,  after  Lady  Slingsby,  alfo  Mrs. 
L^z;^/AVife,Mr.  John  Lee, My.  Crosby, MYS.John- 
fon,  were  entertain'd  in  the  Dukes  Houfe. 

The  new  Theatre  in  Dorfet-Garden  being  Fi- 
nifh'd,  and  our  Company  after  Sir  William^s 
Death,  being  under  the  Rule  and  Dominion 
of  his  Widow  the  Lady  Davenant,  Mr  Betterton, 
and  Mr  Harris,  (  Mr.  Charles  Davenant  )  her 
Son  Acting  for  her)  they  remov'd  from  Lincolns- 
Inn- Fields  thither.  And  on  the  Ninth  Day  of 
Nove7nber  i6yi,  they  open'd  their  new  Theatre 
with  Sir  Martin  Marral,  which  continu'd  Ailing 
3  Days  together,  with  a  full  Audience  each 
Day  ;  notwithftanding  it  had  been  A^ed  30 
Days  before  in  Lincolns-Inn- Fields j  and  above  4 
times  at  Court.  * 

Next 


(    32    ) 

Next  was  AHed  Love  In  a  Tub,  it  was  per- 
form'd  2  Days  together  to  a  full  Audience. 

The  firft  new  Play  AEled  there,  was  King 
Charles  the  VIII.  of  France  ;  it  was  all  new 
Cloath'd,  yet  lafted  but  6  Days  together,  but 
'twas  A5led  now  and  then  afterwards. 

The  next  new  Comedy,  was  the  Mamamou- 
chi  or  the  Cittzen  -turn'd  Gentleman,  Wrote 
by  Mr.  Ravenscraft  i  Trickinore,  and  Fencing- 
Mafter,  by  Mr.  Harris  ;  French  Tutor  and  Sing- 
ing Mafter,  by  Mr.  Haines  :  (  He  having  Af- 
fronted Mr.  Hart  J  he  gave  him  a  Difcharge  and 
then  came  into  our  Houfe  )  Old  Jorden,  Mr. 
Nokes-JDi:  Curai,  M  r.Sand/ord;S\rSi?;ieonLofi-head, 
Mr.  Underhill;Lucia,  Mrs.  Betterton;  Betty  '•Trick- 
more^  Mrs.  Leigh  :  This  Comedy  was  look  upon 
by  the  Criticks  for  a  Foolifh  Play  ;  yet  it  con- 
tinu'd  Acling  g  Days  with  a  full  Houfe  ;  upon 
the  Sixth  the  Houfe  being  very  full :  The  Poet 
added  2  more  Lines  to  his  Epilogue,  viz. 

The  Criticks  come  to  Hi/s,  and  Dam  this  Play, 
Tet/pite  of  tliem/elves  tliey  can't  keep  away. 

However  Mr.  ISIokes  in  performing  the  Ma- 
momouchi  pleas'd  the  King  and  Court,  next  Sir 
Martin^  above  all  Plays. 

The  third  new  Play  AHed  there  was  the  Gen- 
tleman Dancing-Mafter,  Wrote  by  Mr.  IVitcher- 
lyy  it  lafted  but  6  Days,  being  like't  but  indiffe- 
rently, it  was  laid  by  to  make  Room  for  o- 
ther  new  ones. 

Note,  Several  of  the  Old  Stock  Plays  were  AHed 
between  each  of  the/e  3  new  Ones. 

Epfom 


(  33  ) 

Epfotn  Wells,  a  Comedy  Wrote  by  Mr.  Shad- 
well  :  Mr.  Rains,  was  AEied  by  Mr.  Harris'.  Be- 
vilj  by  Mr.  Betterton:  IVoodly,  by  Mr.Smith:  Juf- 
tice  Clod-pate,  Mr.  Underhill :  Carolina,  Mrs. 
John/on  :  Lucia,  Mrs.  Gz-^i-j  :  Mrs.  Ji//,  i^^y  Mrs. 
Betterton  :  Mr.  A^fj/^d-^,  Mr.  ^zj/^^-Z  :  Mr.  ^w^d-/, 
Fribble.  This  Play  in  general  being  Admirably 
A6led,  produc'd  great  Profit  to  the  Company. 

Note,  Mrs.  Johnfon  in  this  Comedy^  Dancing  a 
Jiggfo  Charming  well.  Loves  power  in  a  little  time 
afterCoerc'dher  toDance  moreCharming,elfe-where. 

A  Comedy  call'd  'The  Reformation,  Written 
by  a  Afafter  of  Arts  in  Cambridge  ;  The  Refor- 
mation in  the  Play,  being  the  Reverfe  to  the 
Laws  of  7l<forality  and  Virtue  ;  it  quickly  made 
its  Exit,  to  make  way  for  a  i'kforal  one. 

The  Tragedy  of  iVf^(:^^//7,alter'd  by  Sir  fFilliam 
Davenant ;  being  dreft  in  all  it's  Finery,  as  new 
Cloath's,  new  Scenes,  Machines,  as  flyings  for 
the  Witches  ;  with  all  the  Singing  and  Dan- 
cing in  it  :  THE  firft  Compos'd  by  Mr. 
Lock,  the  other  by  Mr.  Channell  and  Mr.  Jofeph 
Preiji ;  it  being  all  Excellently  perform'd,  be- 
ing in  the  nature  of  an  Opera,  it  Recompenc'd 
double  the  Expence  ;  it  proves  ftill  a  lafting 
Play. 

Note,  That  this  Tragedy,  King  Lear  and  the 
Hempefi,  were  A£ied\rs.Lincolns-Inn-Fields\  Lear, 
being  A£led  exa6lly  as  Mr.  Shake/pear  Wrote  it ; 
as  likewife  the  Tempejl  alter'd  by  Sir  William 
Davenant  and  Mr.  Dry  den,  before  'twas  made  in- 
to an  Opera. 

Loves  Jealou/y,  and         [  Written  by  Mr.  Nevil 
The  Morning  Ramble.  ■    j     Pain. 

D  Both 


(34  ) 

Both  were  very  well  A5fed,  but  after  their 
firft  run,  were  laid  afide,  to  make  Room  for 
others ;  the  Company  having  then  plenty  of 
new  Poets. 

The  Jealous  Bridegroom,  Wrote  by  Afrs. 
Bhen,  a  good  Play  and  laded  fix  Days  ;  but  this 
made  its  Exit  too,  to  give  Room  for  a  greater. 
^he  Tempeft. 

Note,  In  this  Play^  Mr.  Otway  the  Poet  having 
an  Inclination  to  turn  Afior\  Mrs.  Bhen  gave  him 
the  King  in  the  Play,  for  a  Probation  Part^but he  be- 
ing not  US' d  to  the Stage\thefullHouJe  -puthim  tofuch 
a  Sweat  and  Tremendous y  Agony,  being  dajh'tjpoilt 
him  for  an  A5lor.     Mr.  Nat.  Lee,  had  the  fame 
Fate  in  Acting  Duncan  in  Macbeth,  ruin  d  him  for 
anA5ior  too.   I mujl  not  forget  my  felf,  being  Lified 
for  an  Aflor  in  6'/rWilliamDavenant'j  Company  in 
Lincolns-Inn-Fields  :  The  very  firjl  Day  of  open- 
ing the  Houje t here , with  t he  Siege  of  KhoAts,  being  to 
A51  Haly  ;   (  The  King,  Duke  0/ York,  and  all  the 
Nobility  in  the  Iloufe,  and  the  firji  time  the  King 
was  in  a  Publick  Theatre)The fight  of  that  Augull 
prefencejpoird  me  for  anABor  too.   But  being fo  in 
the  Company  oftwofuch  Eminent  Poets, as  they  prov\i 
aftervoard,made  my  Dif grace  fo  mucJi  the  ltfs;from 
that  time,  theirGeniusfet  tfiem  uponPoetry.ThefirJi 
Wrote  Alcibiades;  The  later,  the  Tragedy  o/Nero; 
the  one  for  theDukes,the  other  for  the  Kings  Ibufe. 
The   Year  after  in   1673.     The  Tempell:,  or 
the   Inchanted    I  Hand,   made    into   an   Opera   by 
Mr.  Shadwell,  having  all   New  in  it ;     as  Scenes, 
A/achines ;      particularly,    one    Scene     Painted 
with  Myriads  of  Ariel  Spirits  ;    and  another  fly- 
ing   away,    with    a    Table    b'urnilht    out    with 
Fruits,   Sweet  meats  and    all   forts  of  X'iands; 

juft 


{  35  ) 
juft  when  Duke   Trinculo  and  his   Companions' 
were    going    to    Dinner ;     all    was    things  per- 
form'd   in  it  fo   Admirably  well,   that   not  any 
fucceeding  Opera  got  more  Money. 

About  this  time  the  Company  was  very 
much  Recruited,  having  loft  by  Death  Mr. 
Joje^h  Price, M.^.  Lovell,  yiwLillifi on, Mx. Robert 
Nokes,  Mr.  Mojely,  Mr.  Coggan,  My.  Floid,  Mr. 
Gibbons;  Mrs.Davenport,  Mrs.  Davies,  Mrs.Jen- 
nings,  &c.  The  three  laft  by  force  of  Love 
were  Erept  the  Stage :  In  their  Rooms  came 
in  Mr.  Anthony  Lee,  Mr.  Gillo,  Mv.  Jevon,  Mr. 
Percival^  Mr.  Williams,  who  came  in  a  Boy,  and 
ferv'd  Mr.  Harris,  Mr.  Boman  a  Boy  likewife. 
Mrs. Barry,  Mrs.Currer,  Mrs. Butler, Mrs.Slaugh- 
ter,  Mrs^  Knapper,  Mrs.  Twiford. 

After  the   Tempeft,  came  the   Siege  of  Con- 
Jiantinople,  Wrote  by  Mr.  Nevill  Pain. 

Then  the  Conqueft  of  China  by  the  Turtars, 
by  Mr.  Settle  ;  in  this  Play  Mr.  Jevon  A6ling  a 
Chinefe  Prince  and  Commander  in  it,  and  being 
in  the  Battle,  Vanquilht  by  the  Tartars ;  he 
was  by  his  Part  to  fall  upon  the  point  of  his 
Sword  and  Kill  himfelf,  rather  than  be  a  Prifo- 
ner  by  the  Tartars :  Mr.  Jevon  inftead  of  fall- 
ing on  the  point  of  his  Sword,  laid  it  in  the 
Scabbard  at  length  upon  the  Ground  and  fell 
upon't,  faying,  now  I  am  Dead  ;  which  put 
the  Author  into  fuch  a  Fret,  it  made  him  ipeak 
Treble,  inftead  of  Double  Jevons  anfwer  was  ; 
did  not  you  bid  me  fall  upon  my  Sword 

In  February  1673.  The  longexpe6led  Opera  of 
Pfyche,  came  forth  in  all  her  Ornaments  ;  new 
Scenes,  new  Afachines,  new  Cloaths,  new 
French  Dances  :  This  Opera  was  Splendily  fet 
out,  efpecially  in  Scenes  ;  the  Charge  of  which 
D  2  amoun- 


. 


(  36  ) 

amounted  to  above  800/.  It  had  a  Continuance 
of  Performance  about  8  Days  together  it  prov'd 
very  Beneficial  to  the  Company  ;  yet  the  Tem- 
feft  got  them  more  Money, 

After  this  Sir  Patient  Fancy  was  A(5i:ed, 

Then  the  Rover.  Both  Wrote  by  Mrs.  Bhen. 

Alcihiades,t\i^  firft  Play  that  Mr.O/x-rty  Wrote. 

Madam  Fickle,  by  Mr.  Durfey. 

Then  Don  Carlos  Prince  o^  Spain  ;  the  Second 
Play  Wrote  by  yir.Otivay  :  The  King,  was  per- 
form'd  by  Mr.  Betterton  :  Prince,  by  Mr.  Smith: 
Don  John  of  Aufiria,  by  Mr.  Harris:  Gomez.Mr. 
Medburn  :  Queen,  Madam  Slingsby  ;  and  all  the 
Parts  being  admirably  Afled^  it  lafted  fuccef- 
fively  10  Days  ;  it  got  more  Money  than  any 
preceding  Modern  Tragedy. 

After  this  in  1676.  The  Man  of  Mode,  or  Sir 
Fopling  Flutter  was  A^ed:  Dorimant, hy  Mr.  Bet- 
terton :  Medly,  Mr.  Harris:  Sir  Fopling,  by  Mr. 
Smith  :  Old  Bellair,  Mr.  Leigh:  Young  Bellair^ 
Mr.  Jevon  :  Mrs.  Lovit,  Mrs.  Barry,  Bellinda^ 
Mrs. ^^-//^r/o;/, Lady  IVoodvi I , Mrs. Leigh,  Emiliay 
Mrs.  Tzviford :  This  Comedy  being  well  Cloath'd 
and  well  AHed,  got  a  great  deal  of  Money. 

'The  Soldiers  Fortune,  fVrote  by  Mr.  Otway. 

Ihen  the  Fond  Husband,  by  Mr.  Durfc)-. 

Thele  two  Comedies  took  extraordinary 
well,  and  being  perfe6lly  Ailed;  got  the  Com- 
pany great  Reput:ition  and  Profit. 

Circe,  an  Opera  Wrote  by  Dr.  Davcnant  ;  O- 
rejtes,  was  A^edhy  Mr.  Betterton  :  Py lades,  Mr. 
irHliams:  Ithacus,  Mr.  Smith:  Thoas,^\v. Harris-. 
Circe,  \^:^.dy  Slingsby  :  Iphigenia,  Mrs.  Betterton: 
0/mida,  Mrs.  Tzviford.  All  the  Mufick  w:is  fet 
by  Mr.  Banifter^  and  being  well    Perform'd,    it 

anfwcr'd 


^m^mi^^mm^^LJ^ 


(37) 

anfwer'd     the     Expedlation     of  the  Company. 


'The  Siege  of  Troy. 
Anna  Bullen. 


By  Mr.  Banks. 


The  feign' d  Curtezans.  |  Both  by  Mrs.  Bhen. 
The  City  Heirefs.  j 

Thefe  Four  were  well  A6led ;  Three  of  them 
liv'd  but  a  fhort  time  :  But  Ann  Bullen  prov'd  a 
Stock-Play. 

Timon  of  Athens,  alter'd  by  Mr.  Shadwell ; 
'twas  very  well  A^ed,  and  the  Mufick  in't 
well  Perform'd  ;  it  wonderfully  pleas'd  the  Court 
and  City ;  being  an  Excellent  Moral 

The  Li  der  tine, and  Virtuojo:  Both  Wrote  by  Mr. 
Shadwell ;  they  were  both  very  well  A£fed,  and 
got  the  Company  great  Reputation  The  Liber- 
tine perform'd  by  Mr.  Betterton  Crown'd  the  Play. 

TheSpanifh  Fryar,WrotQ  byMr.  Dryden;  'twas 
Admirably  A£led,  and  produc'd  vaft  Profit  to 
the  Company. 

Oedipus  King  of  Thebes,  Wrote  by  Mr.  Nat. 
Lee,  and  Mr.  Dry  den  :  The  laft  Writing  the  firft 
two  Afis,  and  the  firft  the  3  laft  This  Play 
was  Admirably  well  Afied ;  efpecially  the  Parts 
oi  Oedipus  and  Jocafla:  One  by  yir.  Betterton,  the 
other  by  Mrs.  Betterton  ;  it  took  prodigioufly,be- 
ing  A£led  10  Days  together. 

The  Orphan,or  theUnhappy Marriage-^ rotthy 

Mr.  Otway.  Ca/ialio  Acted  hy  Mr  Betterton:  Poli- 

dor,  Mr.  Williams:  Chamont,  yir.Smith-.Chaplain, 

s/Mr.  Percival :     Monimia,  Mrs  Barry  :     Serina, 

..Mrs.  Monfort.      All  the  Parts  being  Admirably 

done,  efpecially   the    Part   of  Mo7iimia\     This 

D   'X  and 


(  38  )  _ 
and  Beh'idera  in  Venice  prefervd,  or  a  Plot  Dijco- 
ver'd\  together  with  IJabella^  in  the  Fatal  Mar- 
riage :  Thefe  three  Parts,  gain'd  her  the  Name 
of  Famous  A/rs.  Barry ^  both  at  Court  and  Ci- 
ty ;  for  when  ever  She  Aoled  any  of  thofe  three 
Parts,  fhe  forc'd  Tears  from  the  Eyes  of  her 
Auditory,  efpecially  thofe  who  have  any  Senfe 
of  Pity  for  the  Diftrefs't. 

Thefe  3  Plays,  by  their  Excellent  perfor- 
mances, took  above  all  the  Modern  Plays  that 
fucceeded. 

'Titus  and  Berenice^  Wrote  by  the  fame  Author, 
confifting  of  3//^^:  With  the  F^nr  of  the  Cheats 
of  Scapin  at  the  end  :  This  Play,  with  the  Farce, 
being  perfedly  well  A£fed ;  had  good  Succefs. 

Theodofius, or  the  Force  of  Love, 
Note,  Mr.    \'^^.  Vq xoteh\ Mx. 'Nathaniel Lec'.Var a- 

WrotctheJras'eity  of  \         r\       r         t»   •  *r-.    j  l 

Nero.  The  Court  of  nes.,  the  Ferfian  Prnice,  Acted  by 
Au-ufius.>Diu.y-  y^^^  Bctterton  :   Marcian  the  Ge- 

I.nne  HoKje.         I  lie  i      iv /r  o      •    ;  -t-i       i     - 

/v?>»r^  ^/ cieve  >r  neral,  Mr.  bmith  \  Theodojius^ 
^^7/'';S''v^?'/'/"^'  Mr.  ♦  IVilliams,  :    Athenais,  Mrs. 

ivell  Aaed,  Out  (uc-  n     i         r«  •    '       i     • 

ceedej  not /o  Will  as  Barrv  '.  All  the  Parts  in  t  bemg 
t/u- others.  perfedly    perform'd,    with    feve- 

ral  Entertainments  of  Singing  ;  Compos'd  by 
the  Famous  Mafter  Mr.  henry  Fiircell,  (  being 
the  firft  he  e'er  Compos'd  for  the  Stage )  made 
it  a  living  and  (jainful  Play  to  the  Company  : 
The  Court  ;  efpecially  the  Ladies,  by  their 
daily  charming  prcfcnce,  gave  it  great  Encour- 
agement. 

The  Lancajltirc  Witches,  Acted  in  i68r,  made 
by  Mr.  Shad-zirll,  being  a  kind  of  Opera,  hav- 
ing feveral  Machines  of  Myings  for  the  Witches, 
and  other  Divcrtinij^  Contrivances  in't  :  All 
being    well    perlorm  d,    it    prov'd    beyond    Kx- 

pcdation  ; 


rf^-M 


(  39  ) 

pedlation ;  very  Beneficial  to  the  Poet  and 
A^ors, 

All  the  preceding  Plays,  being  the  chief  that 
were  A5led  in  Dorfet-Garden,  from  November 
1 6/ 1,  to  the  Year  1682  ;  at  which  time  the 
Patentees  of  each  Company  United  Patents ; 
and  by  fo  Incorporating  the  Duke's  Compa- 
ny were  made  the  King's  Company,  and  im- 
mediately remov'd  to  the  Theatre  Royal  in 
Drury-Lane. 

Upon  this  Union,  Mr.  Hart  being  the  Heart 
of  the  Company  under  Mr.  Killsgreisj^s  Patent 
never  A5led  more,  by  reafon  of  his  Malady ; 
being  Afflifted  with  the  Stone  and  Gravel,  of 
which  he  Dy'd  fome  time  after :  Having  a 
Sallary  of  40  Shillings  a  Week  to  the  Day  of 
his  Death.  But  the  Remnant  of  that  Compa- 
ny ;  as  Major  Mohun,  Mr.  Cartwright ,  INIr.  Ky- 
najion,  M.Y.GriJfin,  Mr.  Goodman,Mr.  Duke  Wat- 
fon,  Mr.  Powel  Senior,  Mr.  Wiltjhire,  Mrs  Corey, 
Mrs.  Bowtell,  Mrs  Cook,  Mrs.  Monfort,  &c 

Note,  now  Mr.  Monfort  and  Mr.  Carlile,  were 
grown  to  the  Maturity  of  good  Actors 

The  mixt  Company  then  Reviv'd  the  feve- 
ral  old  and  Modern  Plays,  that  were  the  Pro- 
priety of  Mr.  KilUgrew,  ?iS,Rule  a  Wife,  and  have 
a  Wife:  Mr  Better  ton  A^ing  Michael  Perez:  Don 
Leon,  Mr  Smith:  Cacofcgo,  Mr.  Cartwright:  Mar- 
garet ta,  Mrs.  Barry:  E/iiphania,'N[vs  Cook:  Next, 

1'he  Scornful  Lady. 
'The  Plain  Dealer. 
The  Mock  AJirologer. 
The  Jovial  Crew. 
The  Beggars  Bufh. 

D  4  Bar- 


(4o) 

Bartholomew-  Fair. 

The  Moor  ^Venice. 

Rollo. 

The  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

'TheDoubleMarriage.'^'\x.\\d\wtTsot\\tTS. 

Next  new  Play  was  the  Tragedy  of  Valenti- 
nian^  wrote  by  the  Lord  Rochejler ^  from  Beau- 
mont and  Fletcher.  Mr.  Goodman  A^cd  Valentini- 
an  :  Mr.  Beiterton^  y^cius  :  Mr.  Kynajion^  Maxi- 
jnus:  Mr.  Griffin^  Pontius:  Madam  Barr)\  Lucina^ 
&c.  The  well  performance,  and  the  vaft  Inte- 
reft  the  Author  made  in  Town,  Crown'd  the 
Play,  with  great  Gain  of  Reputation  ;  and  Pro- 
fit to  the  A^ors. 

In  Anno  1685.  The  Opera  of  Albion  and  Al- 
hianus  was  perform'd  ;  wrote  by  Mr.  Dryden, 
and  Compos'd  by  Monfieur  Grabue  :  This  being 
perform'd  on  a  very  Unlucky  Day,  being  the 
Day  the  Duke  of  Monmouth^  Landed  in  the 
Weft  :  The  Nation  being  in  a  great  Confterna- 
tion,  it  was  perform'd  but  Six  times,  which 
not  Anfwering  half  THE  Charge  they 
were  at,  Involv'd  the  Company  very  much  in 
Debt. 

The  firft  new  Comedy  after 
^°^J' {^^'iP'j^'Y^  K'mcr  James  came  to  the  Crown, 
Edward  Hcifomiy/z.- was  bir  Courfly  A ue,  wrote  by 
riainUoaicr  /,^//<y»/.-  jyj      Crown  :    Sir  Courtly,  A^cd 

ceedim;  tn  the  2  Jor-  tt     i        i     *  ^ 

mer  ^ have  /u/iia/iii  by  Mv.  Mounfort '.  Hothead,  Mr. 
'Zi^t'^J^Z  VnderhiU  :  Teftimcuy,  Ah.  Gillo  : 
the  latter.  Lord   Beaugard^   Mr.    Kynafton: 

Surly,  by  Mr.  Grijfin  :  Sir  Nicho- 
las Call/co,  by  the  Famous  Mr.  Antony  l^igh:  Le- 
onora, A/adam  Barry,  ike.     This  Comedy  being 

juftly 


(  4.   ) 

juftly  A^ed,  and  the  Charafters  in't  new, 
Crown'd  it  with  a  general  Applaufe  :  Sir  Court- 
ly was  fo  nicely  Perform'd,  that  not  any  fuc- 
ceeding,  but  Mr.  Cyber  has  Equall'd  him. 

The  Squire  of  Aljatia^  a  Co- 
medy Wrote   by   Mr.  Shadwell :  ^J'^^^^J^ll]]^  -^^'f^ 
Sir    William   Belfond^    DONE  part  of  sir  Wiiiiam, 
by  Mr.  Lei^h  :  Sir  Edward,  Mr.  ;^^^^Pi^,°f  ^"i,?' 

r^   -XT       T-u     c       •       k     A/r     A7   /        ble  6-/;- Jolly  Jumble. 

Lrrijjin:  i  he  Squire  by  Mr  JNokes,  Mercury  in  Amphi- 
afterwards  by  Mr.   Jevon:     Bel- %''":.  ^%  ^T^^' 

.         •'  -^  bpaniui   rryar  Pan- 

/ond junior,  Mr.  Mounfort  :  Mrs  dams  in  Troiius 
Termigant.yixs.  Boutel-.LuciaMrs  "'"^  ^''^•^^• 
Bracegirdle.  This  Play  by  its  Excellent  Ading, 
being  often  Honour'd  with  the  prefence  of 
Chancellour  Jefferies,  and  other  great  Perfons  ; 
had  an  Uninterrupted  run  of  13  Days  together. 
Note,  'The  Poet  received  for  his  third  Day  in  the 
Houje  in  Drury-Lane  at  Jingle  Prizes  130/,  which 
was  thegreatejl  Receipt  they  ever  had  at  thatHouJe  at 
Jingle  Prizes. 

About   this   time,  there  were  feveral  other   new 
Plays  A  Sled.     As, 


The  True  Widow. 

Sir  Anthony  hone. 

The  Scowrers, 

Amphytrion. 

Love  iny  and  Love  out  of 

Fajhion. 
Greenwich  Park. 
Cleomenes. 

Troiius  and  Crejfida. 
C^efar  Borgia. 


All  but  Amphitrion ; 
which  fucceeding  but 
indifferently,  I  Omit 
the  Perfons  Names  that 
A(5led  in  this  Play ; 
this  proving  a  Stock- 
Play. 


The 


(42   ) 


The  Old  Bachelor,  wrote 
by  Mr.  Congreve. 

The  Fatal  Marriage^  or 
Innocent  A  dultry;  by- 
Mr.  Southern 

The  Double  Dealer  ;  by 
Mr.  Congreve. 


I  All  3  cTOod  Plays  ; 
and  by  their  juft  Per- 
formances ;  fpecially, 
Mr.  Doggets  andMadam 
Barry's  Unparrell'd. 


The  Boarding  School ;  Wrote  by  Mr.  Dur/y,  it 
took  well  being  juftly  Aded. 

The  Marriage  Hater  MatcJid,  Wrote  by  the 
fame  Author  :  There  Mr.  Dogget  perform'd  the 
part  of  Solon  inimitably  ;  likewife  his  Part  in 
the  Boar  ding-School. 

King  Arthur  an  Opera,  wrote  by  Mr.  Dry  den; 
it  was  Excellently  Adorn'd  with  Scenes  and  Ma- 
chines :  The  Mufical  Part  fet  by  Famous  Mr, 
Henry  Purcel ;  and  Dances  made  by  Mr.  Jo. 
Priejl  :  The  Play  and  Mufick  pleas'd  the  Court 
and  City,  and  being  well  perform'd,  twas  ve- 
ry Gainful  to  the  Company. 

The  Prophete/s,  or  Diocltftan  an  Opera,  wrote 
by  Mr.  Betterton  ;  being  fet  out  with  Coaftly 
Scenes,  Machines  and  Cloaths  :  The  Vocal  and 
Inftrumental  Mufick,  done  by  Mr.  Purcel ;  and 
Dances  by  Mr.  Priejl  \  it  gratify 'd  the  Expci5i:a- 
tion  of  Court  and  City  ;  and  got  the  Author 
great   Reputation, 

The  Fairy  Queen,  made  into  an  Opera,  from 
a  Comedy  of  Mr.  Shake/pears  :  This  in  Orna- 
ments was  Superior  to  the  other  Two  ;  cfpe- 
cially  in  Cloaths,  for  all  the  Singers  and  Dan- 
cers, Scenes,  Machines  and  Decorations,  all 
moft  profufely  fet  off;  and  excellently  perform*,d 
chiefly    the   Inftrumental    and    Vocal   part  Com- 

pos'd 


(43  ) 

pos'd  by  the  faid  Mr  Purcel,  and  Dances  by  Mr. 
Prieji.  The  Court  and  Town  were  wonderfully 
fatisfy'd  with  it ;  but  the  Expences  in  fetting  it 
out  being  fo  great,  the  Company  got  very  little 
by  it. 

JSote,   Between  thefe  Opera's  there  were  feve- 
ral  other  Plays  A6ted,  both  Old  and  Modern.  As^ 

Bury  Fair.  , 

Wit  without  Money.  ' 

The  Taming  of  a  Shrew. 

The  Maiden  dueen. 

The  Mifirefs,  by  Sir  Charles  Sydly. 

IJland  Princefs. 

A  Sea  Voyage. 

The  Englifh  Fryar,  by  Mr  Crown. 

Bujfy  DAmbois. 

The  Majfacre  of  Paris,  i^c. 

Some  time  after,  a  difference  happening  be- 
tween the  United  Patentees,  and  the  chief  Ac- 
tors: As  Mr. Betterton;  Mrs.Barry  andMrs.^r^ife"- 
girdle ;  the  latter  complaining  of  OpprelTion 
from  the  former  ;  they  for  Redrefs,  Appeal'd 
to  my  Lord  of  Dor/et,  then  Lord  Chamberlain, 
for  juftice  ;  who  Efpoufing  the  Caufe  of  the 
A6tors,  with  the  affiftance  of  Sir  Robert  Howard, 
finding  their  Complaints  juft,  procur'd  from 
King  William,  a  Seperate  Licenfe  for  Mr.  Con- 
greve,  Mr.  Betterton^  Mrs.  Bracegirdle  and  Mrs. 
Barry,  and  others,  to  fet  up  a  new  Compa- 
ny, calling  it  the  New  Theatre  in  Lincolns-Inn- 
Fields ;  and  the  Houfe  being  fitted  up  from  a 
Tennis-Court,  they  Open'd  it  the  laft  Day  of 
^    April,  1695,  with  a  new  Comedy  :  Call'd, 

Love 


(44) 

Love  for  Love^  Wrote  by  Mr.  Congrcve  ;  this 
Comedy  was  Superior  in  Sueccfs,  than  moft  of 
tlie  precedent  Plays  :  Valentine^  A^ied  by  Mr. 
Betterton ;  Scandall,  Mr.  Smith  ;  Forefight^  Mr. 
Sand/or d ;  Samp/on^  Mr.  Underhill ;  Ben  the  Say- 
lor,  Mr.  Dogget;  Jeremy^  Mr.  Bowen;  Mrs.  Frail^ 
by  Madam  Barry;  Tattle^  Mr.  Bo7nan\  Angelica^ 
Mrs.  Bracegirdle :  This  Comedy  being  Extra- 
ordinary well  A6ted,  chiefly  the  Part  of  Ben  the 
Sailor,  it  took  13  Days  Succeflively. 

The  Principal  new  Plays  that  {ucceeded  this 
from  April  1695,  to  the  Year  1704.      Were, 

Lovers  Luck^  a  Comedy,  Wrote  by  Captain 
Diiks,  which  fiU'd  the  Houfe  6  Days  together, 
and  above  50/.  the  8///,  the  Day  it  was  left  off. 

The  Grand  Cyrus,  wrote  by  Mr.  Bunks;  it  was 
a  good  Play  ;  but  Mr.  Sniiih  having  a  long  part 
in  it,  fell  Sick  upon  the  Fourth  Day  and  Dy'd, 
upon  that  it  lay  by,  and  ne'er  has  bin  A^ed  fince. 

The  Mourning  Bride,  a  Tragedy,  wrote  by  Mr. 
Congreve  :  had  fuch  Succefs,  that  it  continu'd 
Ading  Uninterrupted  1 3  Days  together. 

Boadicea,  the  Brittifh  Queen,  wrote  by  Mr. 
Hopkins  ;  'twas  a  well  Writ  Play  in  an  Ovidean 
Stile  in  Verfe  ;  it  was  lik'd  and  got  the  Company 
A/oney. 

Heroick  Love,  Wrote  by  Mr.  George  Greenvil, 
Superlatively  Writ ;  a  very  good  Tragedy,  well 
Aded,  and  mightily  pleas'd  the  Court  and  City. 

Lov's  a  Jejl,  a  Comedy,  done  by  A/r.  Mateox; 
fuccecded  well,  being  well  Ad:ed,  and  got  the 
Company  Reputation  and  A/oney. 

TheAnatomi/I,  or  Sham  Doolor^  had  profperous 

Succefs, 


(45) 

Succefs,  and  remains  a  living  Play  to  this  Day ; 
'twas  done  by  Mr.  Raven/croft. 

Don  duixot,  both  Parts  made  into  one,  by  Mr. 
Durfey^Mrs.  Bracegirdle  Acling,and  her  excellent 
Singing  in't ;  the  Play  in  general  being  well 
Perform'd,  'tis  little  Inferior  to  any  of  the  pre- 
ceding Comedies. 

'The  She-Gallants^  a  Comedy,  wrote  by  Mr. 
George  Greenvil^  when  he  was  very  Young  :  Ex- 
traordinary Witty,  and  well  Adled ;  but  of- 
fending the  Ears  of  fome  Ladies  who  fet  up  for 
Chaftity,  it  made  its  Exit.     And  gave  place  to, 

Iphigenia  a  Tragedy,  wrote  by  My,  Dennis,  a 
good  Tragedy  and  well  A6led  ;  but  anfwer'd 
not  the  Expences  they  were  at  in  Cloathing  it. 

The  FateofCapuay  wrote  by  Mr.  Southern,  bet- 
ter to  Read  then  A61 ;  'twas  well  Aded,  but 
anfwer'd  not  the  Companies  Expedlation. 

Jufiice  Bujy,  a  Comedy  wrote  by  Mr.  Crown  ; 
'twas  well  A5fed,  yet  prov'd  not  a  living  Play  : 
However  Mrs.  Br acegir die, hy  a  Potent  and  Mag- 
netick  Charm  in  performing  a  Song  in't , 
caus'd  the  Stones  of  the  Street  s  to  fly  in  the  Men's 
Faces. 

The  Way  of  the  World,  a  Comedy  wrote  by  Mr. 
Congreve,  twas  curioufly  A5ied\  Madam  Brace- 
girdle  performing  her  Part  fo  exadly  and  juft, 
gain'd  the  Applaufe  of  Court  and  City  ;  but 
being  too  Keen  a  Satyr,  had  not  the  Succefs  the 
Company  Expedled. 

The  Ambitious  Step-Mother ^  done  by  y\.r.Rowe', 
'twas  very  well  A5led,  efpecially  the  Parts  of 
Mr.  Betterton^  Mr.  Booth  and  Madam  Barry;  the 
Play  anfwer'd  the  Companies  expeftation 

Tamerlane,  wrote  by  the  fame  Author,  inge- 

neral 


<m^-\\ 


(46  ) 

neva]  wtW  y4^cd ;  but  chiefly  the  Parts  of  Mr. 
Betterton,  Vanbruggen^  Mr. Pour/,  Madam  Brace- 
girdle  and  Barry  ;  which  made  it  a  Stock-Play. 

The  Fair  Penitent,  by  the  fame  Author,  a  very 
good  Play  for  three  Ahs  \  but  failing  in  the  two 
laft,  anfwer'd  not  their  Expedation. 

The  Biter,  a  Farce,  wrote  by  the  fame  Author, 
it  had  fix  Days  run  ;  the  fix  Days  running  it 
out  of  Breath,  it  Sicken'd  and  Expir'd. 

Abra-jnule,  wrote  by  Mr.  Trap  of  Oxford;  a 
very  good  Play  and  exceedingly  well  Acled. 

Thefe  being  all  the  chiefefl  new  Plays,  that 
have  been  J^ed  by  Mr.  Betterton's  Company, 
fince  its  Separation  from  Mr.  Rich  in  the  Year 
1695.  The  Names  of  feveral  of  the  Aclors  I 
have  not  mention'd  or  offer'd  to  your  View,  as 
in  the  others,  by  Reafon  the  late  Acting  of  them, 
makes  them  live  in  your  Memories, 

Flote,  In  the  fpace  of  Ten  Years  past,  Mr. 
Betterton  to  gratify  the  defires  and  Fancies  .of 
the  Nobility  and  Gentry  ;  procur'd  from  Abroad 
the  beft  Dances  and  Singers,  as,  Monfieur  L! 
Abbey  Madam  Sublini,  Monfieur  Baton,  Mar- 
garita Delpine,  Maria  Gallia  and  divers  others ; 
who  being  Exorbitantly  Expenfive,  produc'd 
fmall  Profit  to  him  and  his  Company,  but  vaft 
Gain  to  themfelves  ;  A/adam  Delpine  fince  her 
Arrival  in  England,  by  A/odeft:  Computation; 
having  got  by  the  Stage  and  Gentry,  above 
1 0000  Guineas 

Note,  From  Candlemas  1704,  to  the  2i,d,  of 
April  1 706.  There  were  4  Plays  commanded  to 
be  Aited  -At  Court  at  St.  Jame's,  by  the  yJ/7ors  of 
both  Houfcs,  viz. 

hivdjAll  for  Love:  Mr.  Better  ton,  ABing  Marc. 

Antony ; 


(  47  ) 

Antony  ;  Mx.  Vanthrugg^  Ventidius  \  Mr.  Wilks^ 
Dolabella;  Mx.  Booths  Alexas  the  Eunuch;  Mrs. 
Barry .^  Cleopatra]  Mrs.  Bracegtrdle,  05favia:  All 
the  other  Parts  being  exadly  done,  and  the 
Court  very  well  pleas'd. 

The  Second  was,  Sir  Solomon,  ^rM^  Cautious 
Coxcomb  :  Mr.  Betterton.,  A^ing  Sir  Solomon ;  Mr. 
Wilks^  Peregrine;  Mr.  Booth,  Yonng  Single;  Mr. 
Dogget,  Sir  Arthur  Addle ;  Mr.  John/on,  Juftice 
JVary  ;  Mr.  Pinkethman^  Ralph;  Mr.  Under  hi  II , 
Timothy;  Mrs.  Bracegirdle,  jH^i^',  Mrs.Mounfort^ 
Betty  :  The  whole  being  well  perform'd,  it 
gave  great  Satisfaction. 

The  next  was,  The  Merry  PFives  of  Windfor, 
Acted  the  2^7*^,  of  April.,  the  Oueens  Coronati- 
on Day  .*  Mr.  Betterton,  Adling  Sir  John  Falfiaff; 
Sir  Hugh,  by  Mr.  Dogget  ;  Mr.  Page,  by  Mr. 
Vanbruggen;  Mr.  Ford,  by  Mr.  Powel;  Dr.  Cains ^ 
Mr.  Pinkethman  ;  the  Hoft,  Mr.  Bullock  ;  Mrs. 
Page,  Mrs.  Barry;  Mrs.  Ford,  Mrs.  Bracegirdle; 
Mrs.  Ann  Page,  Mrs.  Bradjhaw. 

The  laft  was,  The  Anatomift,  or  Sham-Doctor ; 
it  was  perform'd  on  Shrove-T uejday ,  the  Queen's 
Birth  Day,  it  being  done  by  the  ASfors  of  both 
Houfes,  and  perfe6lly  Perform'd  ;  there  being 
an  Additional  Entertainment  in't  of  the  beft 
Singers  and  Dancers,  Foreign  and  Englijh  :  As 
Margarita  D'elpine,  Maria  Gallia,  Mrs.  Lind/ey, 
Mrs.  Hud/on  and  Mr.  Leveridge,  and  others:  The 
Dances  were  perform'd  by  Monfieur  LtAhbe ; 
Mr.  Ruel;  Afonfieur  Cherrier;  Mrs.  Elford;M\{s 
Campion  ;  Mrs.  Ruel  and  Devon/hire  Girl:  Twas 
very  well  lik'd  by  the  whole  Court. 

About  the  end  of  1 704,  Mr.  BettertonAffign'd 
his  Licenfe,  and  his  whole  Company  over  to 

Captain 


(48  ) 

Captain  Vanthrugg  to  AB  under  HIS,  at  the 
Theatre  in  the  Hay  Market. 

And  upon  tht  gth^  oi  April  1705.  Captain 
Vantbrugg  open'd  his  new  Theatre  in  the  Hay- 
Market^  with  a  Foreign  Opera,  Perform'd  by 
a  new  fet  of  Singers,  Arriv'd  from  Italy ;  (  the 
worfl  that  e're  came  from  thence  )  for  it  lafted 
but  5  Days,  and  they  being  lik'd  but  indiffe- 
rently by  the  Gentry ;  they  in  a  little  time 
marcht  back  to  their  own  Country. 

The  firft  Play  A5fed  there,  was  'The  Game/ler. 
Then  theJVanton  Wife.  Next,  Duke  and  no  Duke. 
After  that,  She  'wou'd,  if  She  Cou'd\  and  half  a  Score 
of  their  old  Plays,  A5led  in  old  Cloaths,  the 
Company  brought  from  Lincolns-Inn-Fields.  The 
Audiencies  falling  off  extremly  with  enter- 
taining the  Gentry  with  fuch  old  Ware, 
whereas,  had  they  Open'd  the  Houfe  at  firft, 
with  a  good  new  EnglifJi  Opera,  or  a  new  Play  ; 
they  wou'd  have  preferv'd  the  Favour  of  Court 
and  City,  and  gain'd  Reputation  and  Profit  to 
themfelves. 

The  firft  new  Play  A^ed  there.  Was  the  Con- 
qiiefl  of  Spain  ;  the  beginning  of  May  1705, 
Written  by  Mrs.  7'/.v,  it  had  not  the  life  of  a 
Stock-Play,  for  it  Expir'd  the  6//;,  Day. 

The  next  new  one  was  Ulyffes,  wrote  by  Mr. 
Row  :  The  Play  being  all  new  Cloath'd,  and 
Excellently  well  perform'd  had  a  Succefsful  run, 
but  fell  ftiort  of  his  Ambitious  Step-Mother^  and 
his  Tamerlane. 

Then  was  A5fed  a  Comedy  call'd  the  Confede- 
racy^ wrote  by  Captain  Vantbrugg.,  an  Kxcel- 
Icnt  Witty  Play,  and  all  Parts  very  well  Aoled: 
But  the  Nice  Criticks  Cenfure  was,  it  wanted  juft 
Decorum,  made  it  flag  at  laft  Trclooby 


(49) 

Trelooby  a  Farce^  Wrote  by  Q^i^tdanVantbrugg: 
My.  Congreve  and  Mr.  JValJhy  Mr.  Dogget  Ading 
Treloohy  fo  well,  the  whole  was  highly  Ap- 
plauded, 

The  Mi/iake,  Wrote  by  Captain  Vantbrugg  ; 
a  very  diverting  Comedy,  Witty  and  good 
Humour  in't,  but  will  fcarce  be  EnroU'd  a 
Stock-Play. 

The  next  new  Play  was,  The  Revolution  of 
Sweden ;  Wrote  by  Mrs.  Trotter^  fhe  kept  clofe 
to  the  Hiftory,  but  wanting  the  juft  Decorum 
of  Plays,  expir'd  the  Sixth  Day. 

Then  a  new  Opera  call'd,  The  Britijh  Enchan- 
ters^ Wrote  by  the  Honourable  Mr.  GeorgeGreen- 
vil ;  very  Exquifitly  done,  efpecially  the  Sing- 
ing Part;  making  Love  the  Acme  of  all  Ter- 
reftrial  Blifs :  Which  infinitely  arrided  both 
Sexes,  and  pleas'd  the  Town  as  well  as  any 
Englijh  Modern  Opera. 

After  this  was  perform'd,  an  Opera,  call'd 
The  Temple  of  Love ;  confifting  all  of  Singing 
and  Dancing :  The  Singing  Compos'd  by 
Monfieur  Sidgeon  :  The  Verfion  into  Englifj^  by 
Monfieur  Moteux  from  the  Italian  :  The  Sing- 
ing perform'd  by  Mr.  Laurence^  Mr.  Laroon,  Mr. 
Cook,  Mrs.  Bracegirdle,  Maria  Gallia,  and  feve- 
ral  other  Men  and  Women  for  the  Chorus's : 
The  Dances,  made  and  perform'd  all  by  French- 
Men  ;  it  lafted  but  Six  Days,  and  anfwer'd  not 
their  Expedlation. 

The  laft  Opera  was,  The  Kingdom  of  Birds  ; 
made  by  Mr.  Durfey,  perform'd  in  July,  1706. 
The  Singers  in't  were,  Mr.  Cook,  Mr.  Laroon, 
Mr.  Laurence,  Mrs.  Hud/on  and  others  :  Dancers 
were,  Monfieur  Be  Bargues,  Monfieur  L Abbes 
E  Brother, 


i^ 


(50) 

Brother,  Mr.  Fairbanks  Mrs.  Elf  or d  and  others  : 
It  lafted  only  Six  Days,  not  anfwering  half  the 
Expences  of  it. 

After  this.  Captain  Vanthrugg  gave  leave  to 
Mr.  Verbruggen  and  Mr.  Booth,  and  all  the 
Young  Company,  to  A(5t  the  remainder  of 
the  Summer,  what  Plays  they  cou'd  by  their 
Induftry  get  up  for  their  own  Benefit ;  continu- 
ing till  5<«r//^/9/6l;««?•I£;-£^'f,  23  (^,of^//|-/</?,  I  7o6,end- 
ing  on  that  Day,  with  The  London  Cuckolds:  But 
in  all  that  time  their  Profit  Amounted  not  to 
halftheir  Salaries,  they  receiv'd  in  Winter. 

From  Bartholomew  day  i  706,  to  the  1 5/^,  of 
05lob.  following,  there  was  no  more  Acting  there. 

In  this  Interval  Captain  Vanthrugg  by  A- 
greement  with  Mr.  Swi}tny,  and  by  the  Con- 
currence of  my  Lord  Chamberlain,  Trans- 
ferr'd  and  Inverted  his  Licenfe  and  Govern- 
ment of  the  Theatre  to  Mr.  Sii-hwy  ;  who 
brought  with  him  from  Mr.  Rich,  Mr.  IVilks, 
Mr.  Cyber,  Mr.  Mills,  Mr.  John/on,  Mr.  Keene, 
Mr.AWrisM^-Fairbarjk,Mi:s.OLl/jelcla.ndothQrs; 
United  them  to  the  Old  Company;  Mr.  Bet /er ton 
and  Mr.  Underhill,  being  the  only  remains  of  the 
Duke  of  iV/f'j  Servants,  from  1662,  till  theUnion 
in  Oflober  1 706. Now  having  given  an  Account  of 
all  the  Principal  Adtorsand  Plays,  down  to  1706. 
I  with  the  {aid  Union,  conclude  my  Hiftory. 


ISlext  follows  the  Account  of  the  prefent  ToungCom- 
pany  ( which  United  with  the  Old,  in  Odober, 
I  706.  )  NowA£fing  at  the  Theatre  Royal  /;/Dru- 
ry  Lane  ;  Her  Majejlfs  Company  of  Comedians, 
under  the  Government  of  Col.  Brett. 

Mr.  IVilks, 


(5>  ) 

Mr.  J'Filks,  Proper  and  Comely  in  Perfon, 
of  Graceful  Port,  Mein  and  Air  ;  void 
ol  Affeilation ;  his  Elevations  and  Cadencies 
juft,  Congruent  to  Elocution  :  Efpecially  in 
Gentile  Comedy  ;  not  Inferior  in  Tragedy. 
The  Emiffion  of  his  Words  free,  eafy  and  na- 
tural ;  Attrading  attentive  filence  in  his  Audi- 
ence, (  I  mean  the  Judicious  )  except  where 
there  are  Unnatural  Rants,     As, 

-Pie  mount  the  Sky, 


And  kick  the  G — ds  like  Foot-balls ,  as  Ifly : 

As  Poet  Z) — rfy  has  it, 

PFhich  puts  the  Voice  to/uch  Odjlrepcrous Jiretch, 
Requires  the  Lungs  of  a  Smith'j  Bellows  to  reach. 

He  is  indeed  the  finifht  Copy  of  his  Famous 

Predeceffor,  Mr.  Charles  Hart. 

Mr.  Cyber,  A  Gentleman  of  his  time  has  Ar- 
riv'd  to  an  exceeding  Perfedlion,  in  hitting 
juflly  the  Humour  of  a  ftarcht  Beau,  or  Fop ; 
as  the  Lord  Fopington-,  Sir  Fopling  and  S^vc  Courtly, 
equalling  in  the  laft,  the  late  Eminent  Mr. 
Mounfort,  not  much  Inferior  in  Tragedy,  had 
Nature  given  him  Lungs  Strenuous  to  his  finifht 
Judgment. 

Mr.  EJcourt ,HiJirio  Flatus  ;  he  has  the  Honour 
(  Nature  enduing  him  with  an  eafy,  free,  un- 
affected Mode  of  Elocution  )  in  Comedy  a  - 
ways  to  Lastificate  his  Audience,  efpecially 
Quality,  (  Witnefs  Serjeant  Kyte  )  He's  not 
Excellent  only  in  that,  but  a  Superlative  Mi- 
mick.  E   2  Mr. 


t^ 


(  52  ) 


Mr.  Booths  A  Gentleman  of  Liberal  Education,  of  form  Venuft  ; 
of  Mellifluent  Pronuntiation,  having  proper  Gefticulations,  which 
are  Graceful  Atteada  nts  of  true  Elocution  ;  of  liis  time  a  most  Com- 
pleat  Tragedian. 

Mr.  John/on,  He's  Skilful  in  the  Art  of  Painting,  which  is  a 
great  Adjument,  veiy  Promovcnt  to  the  Art  of  true  Elocution, 
which  is  always  requirable  in  him,  that  bears  the  Name  of  an  Ac- 
tor ;  he  has  the  Happinefs  to  gain  Applaufe  from  Court  and  Ci- 
ty :  Witnefs,  Moro/e,  Corhaccio,  Mr.  Hothead  and  feveral  others  ; 
He  is  a  true  Copy  of  Mr.  Underliill,  whom  Sir  William  Dave' 
nant  judg'd  40  Year  ago  in  Lincolns-Inn-Fields,  the  truefl  Come- 
dian in  his  Company. 

Mr.  Doggct,  On  the  Stage,  he's  very  Afpe(flabund,  wearing  a 
P'arce  in  his  Face;  his  Thoughts  deliberately  framing  his  Utte- 
rance Congruous  to  his  Looks  :  He  is  the  only  Comick  Original 
now  Extant  :     Witnefs,  Ben.  Solon,  Nikin,  The   yew  of  Venict,  Ac. 

Mr.  Pinkdhman,  He's  the  darling  of  Fortunatits,  he  has  gain'd 
more  in  Theatres  and  Fairs  in  Twelve  Years,  than  thofe  that 
have  Tugg'd  at  the  Oar  of  Acfting  thefe  50. 

Next  Mr.  Mills,  Mr.  Powel,  Mr.  Bullock  ;  the  2  firft  Excell  in 
Tragedy  ;  the  other  in  Comedy,  ^c. 

I  mull  not  Omit  Praifes  due  to  Mr.  Betterton.  Hit  fir/}  and  no'M 
only  remain  of  the  old  Stock,  of  the  Company  of  Sir  William  Da- 
venant  in  Lincolns-Inn  Fields ;  he  like  an  old  Stately  Spreading 
Oak  noao  flands  fixt.  Environ' d  round  7vitk  braz'e  Youn^^  Growing, 
Fknu-ifJiing  Plants:  There  needs  nothing  to  f peak  his  Fame,  more 
than  the  follo7uing  Parts, 


Pericles  Prince  of  Tyre. 
The  Bondman. 
Cafar  Borgia. 
The  LoyarSubjedt. 
The  Mad  Lover. 
Richard  the  Third, 
King  Lear. 


Solyman  the  Magnificent. 

Hamlet. 

Macbeth. 

Timon  of  Athens. 

Othello. 

Oedipus. 

Jaffeu: 

King  Henry  the  Eighth. 

.S/r  John  Falflaff. 


Mr,  Dryden  a  little  before  his  Death  in  a  Prologue,  rendring  him 
this  PRAISE. 

He  like  thefctting  Sun,flilljlioots  a  Glimmery  Kay, 
Like  Antient  R  0  .M  E  Mayjlick  in  decay. 


FINIS 


_^ 


S  DECLARATION  I 

J  Of  The  %. 

J  LORDS  and   COMMONS    J 
1^  Aflembled  in  Parliamem,  X 

S.  For  the  appeafing  and  quietting  of  ^ 

rog^  all  unlawfull  Tumults  and  Infurredions  in  "^ 

<t^  the  feverall  Counties  of  England,  and  ^ 

«^  Dominion  of  Wales.  ^ 

^' ^ 

4^  Die  Veneris^  Septemb.  2.  1642.  ^ 

^^         Ordered  by  the  Lords  and  Commons  aAffembled  in  Par-  ■*^* 

^^  liament,  that  this  Declaration  JJiall  be  forthwith  Printed,  and  ^^ 

^fij,  afterwards  publifhed  in  all  Market  Townes^    Parish   Chur-  ^« 

^  f/?^j,  ^«^  Chappels,  within  the  Kingdome  of  England,  and  ^^ 

^^  Dominion  of  Wales,  and  efpecially  in  the  County  of  EfTex.  ^^ 

^  lohn  Browne  Cler.  Parliament.  ^ 

^  ^ 

«§^  Alfo  an  Ordinance  of  both  Houfes,  ^ 

1^       for  the  fuppresfing  of  Stage-Playes.  ^ 

^z^,    ~  1^^ 

^v     Ordered  by  the  Lords  and  Commons,  that  this  Order  be  forth-  ^^ 
^^  with  printed  and  publiflied.  |^ 

lohn  Browne,  Cler.  Parliament.  ^>, 


Septemb.   3.   London  Printed  for  lohn  Wright.   1642.       ^51 


Die  Veneris  2  Septem.   1 642. 


A  Declaration  of  the  LORDS 

and  Commons  Aflembled  in 

Parliament. 

[e  Lords  and  Commons 
having  lately  fent  Sir 
'Thomas  Barrington,  and  M. 
\^k  Grymjione,  into  the  Coun- 
ty of  EJfezy  for  the  appea- 
I  ling  and  quieting  of  di- 
g  vers  AfTemblies  of  peo- 
jlple  gathered  together  in 
■g  in  great  bodies ,  w^ho  had 
much  damnified  the  hou- 
ies,  and  taken  the  goods  of  divers  perlbns  without 
Law  or  other  authority;  And  having  received  a  re- 
port from  Sir  Thomas   Barrington^  being  returned, 

A     2  that 


that  the  peopleupon  thefirfl:  knowledgegiventhem 
that  the  Parliament  required  theyfliouldforbearthe 
fearchins:  of  any  houfes  for  Armes  and  Ammuni- 
tion,  or  the  taking  goods  out  of  any  Houfe  other- 
wife  then  is  or  fhall  be  dire(5ted  by  the  Parliament, 
or  without  the  affiftance  of  fome  ofthofe  perfons 
who  are  by  both  Houfes  of  Parliament  declared 
that  they  ought  to  be  prefent ;  The  people  did 
thereupon  prefently  yeeld  obedience  and  with- 
drew themfelves  in  a  peaceable  manner, and  as  they 
were  required,  did  make  reftitution  of  Plate,  Mo- 
ney, and  many  other  goods  by  them  taken  from 
fuch  as  were  pretended  popifli  Recufants,  and  o- 
ther  malignant  perfons,  and  that  they  had  expref- 
fed  great  zeal  and  forwardnefle  to  comply  with 
the  directions  of  Parliament  for  the  future.  The 
r^^-^  Lords  and  Commons  doe  declare,  that  they  re- 
■TH'  fcent  the  aforefaid  exprefTions  of  the  people,  and 

^RSf  r  /  i  their  ready  obedience,  as  a  teftimony  of  that  duti- 
^£SN^i><^  full  affedion  which  they  beare  to  the  Parliament, 
and  to  the  prefent  fervice  of  the  Kingdome,  &  doe 
hereby  order  and  declare,  that  all  persons  whofoe- 
ver,that  have  taken  either  Mony  Plate  or  any  other 
Goods  out  of  the  Houfe  or  Houfes,  or  ftom  the 
perfons  of  any  whofoevet,  without  the  fpcciall 
commaud  or  Order  of  both,  or  either  Houfe  of 
Parliamentjdiall  forthwith  reftore  the  fame  to  the 
parties,  from  whome  they  were  taken,  or  other- 
wife  be  proceeded  againll,as  the  Lords  and  Com- 
mons (hall  furthcrdircO,  upon  complaiut  made, 
1  And 


And  as  both  Houfes  of  Parliament  have  beene,and 
will  be  very  careful!  to  preferve  the  peace  of  the 
Kingdome,  by  difarming  of  all  Recufants,and  fuch 
others  as  fhall  be  knowne  or  juftly  fulpecSted  to  be 
enemies  thereunto,  and  to  the  pious  and  good  en- 
deavours of  this  Parliament;  And  to  that  purpofe 
have  by  a  Declaration  paffed  by  affent  of  both 
Houfes,  the  three  and  tw^entieth  oi Augud  laft,  ex- 
preiled  what  perlbns  fhall  be  inrrufted  for  the  ma- 
naging of  that  fervice ;  They  doe  thereby  further 
Order  and  Command,  that  no  perfon  doe  prefume 
either  alone,or  accompanied  with  others,to  break 
or  violently  enter  the  Houfe  of  any  whatloever, 
under  colour  of  pretence  of  difarming  Recufants 
or  other  perfon s  pretended  to  be  enemies  to  the 
peace  of  the  Kingdome ;  without  the  particular 
command  of  fuch  as  are  intrufted  or  deputed  by 
the  Parliament,  And  it  is  further  declared,that  fpe- 
ciall  and  fpeedy  care  be  taken  therein,  for  the  ie- 
curity  of  the  Kingdome  ;  and  particularly  for  the 
County  of  EJfex,  from  whom  they  have  received 
fo  many  expreisions  of  their  duty  to  the  fervice  of 
the  publike,  though  the  Parliament  cannot  but  let 
them  know,that  feverall  violent  actions  by  fome  of 
them  unwarrantably  committed,are  extreamly  dif- 
allowed;but  as  the  Lords  and  Commons  declare , 
that  they  fhall  be  ever  ready  to  give  afsiftance,  and 
protection  to  all  fuch  as  fhall  obey  the  commands 
of  both,  or  either  Houfes  of  Parliament ,  fo  they 
doe  refolve,  that  they  will  inflid:  exemplary  pu- 

A  3  nifhment 


nifhment  on  all  fuch  according  to  their  feverall 
demerits,  as  fhall  be  refra(5tory  and  difobedient  to 
thefe  their  commands  made  knovvne  to  them;  and 
by  all  good  wayes,  and  meanes  will  further  endea- 
vour to  bring  them  to  a  legall  tryall  for  fuch  their 
Offences;  But  for  the  incouragement  of  thofe  who 
have  beene  forward,  and  a(ftive  in  the  fervice  of  the 
Common-wealth,  It  is  thought  fit  to  give  them 
notice,  that  thofe  eight  Horfes  taken  from  Sir 
John  Lucas,  and  brought  up  to  the  Parliament  by 
Sir  Thomas  Barritjgton,  and  intended  by  Sir  John 
Lucas,  for  the  ftrengthning  of  a  Malignant  party, 
and  are  delivered  by  command  to  the  Lord  Gene- 
rail  to  be  by  him  imployed  for  the  prefervation 
of  the  Kingdome,  and  the  Parliament  hath  caufed 
the  fame  Sir  lohn  Lucas,  and  M.  Newcomeny  to  bee 
committed  to  feverall  prifons;  And  it  is  Refolved, 
that  they  fliall  be  brought  to  their  feveralls  tiyalls 
and  receive  fuch  punilliment  as  Ihall  appeare  to  be 
juft  according  to  their  demerits.  And  like  pro- 
ceedings fliall  be  had  againll:  all  fuch  as  Ihall  be 
found  difturbers  of  the  peace  of  that  County. 


Die 


An  Order  of  the  Lords  and  Commons  concerning 
Stage-playes. 

WHereas  the  diftrefled  E- 
ftate  of  Ireland,  fteeped 
in  her  own  Blood,  and  the  diftra- 
£led  Eftate  of  England,threatned 
with  a  Cloud  of  Blood,  by  a  Ci- 
vil! Warre,  call  for  all  pofTible 
meanes  to  appeafe  and  avert  the 
Wrath  of  God  appearing  in  thefe 
Judgements ;  amongft  which,  Fa- 
iling and  Prayer  having  bin  often 
tryed  to  be  very  effe^luall,  have 
bin  lately,  and  are  ftill  ejoyned  ; 
and  whereas  publike  Sports  doe 
not  well  agree  with  publike 
Calamities,  nor  publike  Stage- 
playes  with  the  Seafons  of  Hu- 
miliation,  this  being  an  Exercife 
of  fad  and  pious  folemnity,  and 
the  other   being    Spectacles   of 

pleafure 


pleafure,  too  commonly  expref- 
fing  laciuious  Mirth  and  Levitie: 
It  is  therefore  thought  fit,and  Or- 
deined  by  the  Lords  and  Com- 
mons in  this  Parliament  Aflem- 
bled,  that  while  thefe  fad  Caufes 
and  fet  times  of  Humiliation  doe 
continue,  publike  Stage-Playes 
fliall  ceafe,and  bee  forborne.  In- 
ftead  of  which,  are  recommended 
to  the  people  of  this  Land,  the 
profitable  and  feafonable  Confi- 
derations  of  Repentance, Recon- 
ciliation, and  peace  with  God, 
which  probably  may  produce 
outward  peaceandprofperity,and 
bring  againe  Times  of  Joy  and 
Gladnefle  to  thefe  Nations. 

Die  Veneris,  Septemb.  2.  1642. 
Ordered  by  the  Lords  and  Commons  in  Parliament^ 
thai  this  Order  be  forthwith  Printed  and  published. 

John  Browne  Cler.  Pari. 

FINIS. 


_    ...  1..     -^ 


/ 


:.ir 


i^ 


RETURN     CIRCULATION  DEPARTMENT 

TO— ^^      202  Main  Library 


LOAN  PERIOD  1 
HOME  USE 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

ALL  BOOKS  MAY  BE  RECALLED  AFTER  7  DAYS 

Renewals  and  Recharges  may  be  made  4  days  prior  to  the  due  do 

Books  may  be  Renewed  by  calling     642-3405. 

DUE  AS  STAMPED  BELOW 


RECEIVED  BY 


fiaY  1  u  I'^o 


CIRCULATION  DEPT 


MOlU 


.vvXi."^  o6 


iAR    31987 


frUTO.Pisc.FEB20  '87 


WftY25^9iy 


'AUTO  DISC  MM  07  '67 


[i^cA-  3 


/  •'  / 


-zr 


FORAA  NO.  DD6, 


UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA,  BERKEL 
BERKELEY,  CA  94720 


«««^U,B«.„y.„.,,,,^^^^^ 


2000157018 


/^>1/ 


Uevrvdi^^ 


■.j>^'"^       1 


il 


