














London Gazette 


GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE. 





Gloucester 2-Hants 





limes---New Times 
M Chroniele-« Post 
M. Herald - Ledger 
Brit. Press-M.Adver, 
Courer-- Globe-Star 
lraveller- Sun--- hy it. 
Praveiler---Statesm. 
StJames s&Gen. Eve. 
{Eng Chronicle 
Com. Chronicle 
Packet---Even. Mail 
Londoa Chronicle 
Mercant. Chronicle 
Lit.Gaz --L't.Chron, 
Literary Museum 
}vourier de Londres 
14 Weekly Papers 
22 Sunday Papers 
{Bath 4---Berwick 

| Kirmingham 2 

| Blackbur n- Boston 

| Bri¢hton 3-Bristol 5 
| Bucks---Bary 2 
Cambrian 
Cambridge-Carlisle? 
Carmarth.-Chelnsf 
'Cheltenham-Che:t 3 
!Colchester-Cornwall 
Coventry? Cumber! 
Derby--- Devon 
Devizes - Doncaster 
Dorchest.-Darham @ 
Essex---Exete: 4 








Original Communications. 
Minor Corresponnence.— Questions, &c. 194 
(On the Leopards in Royal Arms of England..td. 
‘Hist. of the Church of St. John at Caleutta.195 
Hampton-in-Arden Church, Warwickshire..201 
\Uncertainty of Circumstantial Evidence......202 
\On the Utility of some Romish Customs..,203 
‘Defence of the Church Missionary Society,.205 
On the Advantages of Courts of Requests,..207 
On employing Seamen in the Sugar Trade...208 
Account of Hale Hall, Lancashire ...........209 
Biographical Notices of Blackburne Family...i/. 
Col. Macdonald on the Polar Expedition....211 
On the North-west Magnetic Pole.,.........212 
‘Families of Lucy and Sainthill...............-215 
Influence of Time and Place on Genius . ...216 
Visit to Greenstreet Hall, Essex...........00.219 
Original Anecdote of Mrs. Garrick............il. 
Anecdote connected with the American War 220 
Remarks on the Death of Richard II..........ib. 
Fly Leaves, No, XVII. Literary Contracts 222 
Value of West India Colonies to England...224 
Masques and Pageants in Reign of James 1.227 
Remarks on the Holiday Times of Old.........ib. 
On the Etymology of the term ‘‘ Oriel’’....229 
Debate on the Royal Palace of Westminster 230 














MARCH, 1824. 


CONTAINING 





Embellished with Views of Hamrton-1n-Arven Cuurcu, Warwickshire ; 

| and Have Haut, Lancashire ; 

Also with a Representation of the Cemetery of Jos CHARNOCK, in Calcutta, his AvToGRaPH, 
and Plan of St. Joun’s Cuurcu, Calcutta. 


By SYLVANUS URBAN, Gevr. 
Printed by Joux Nicnots and Son, at Cicero’s Heap, 25, Parliament Street, Westminster ; 
where all Letters to the Editor are requested to be sent, Post-paip. 


* Hereford --Hull 3 
Nuats-—Ipswich ¢ 
Keat 3-Lancaster 
Leeds 3. Leicester 2 
Lichfield Liverpool 6 
Maccle-fi,.Maidst. ¢@ 
Manchester 7 
Newcestle on Tyne 2 
Norfolk--Norwich 2 
N.Wales Northamp 
Nottingham 2-Oxf. 2 
Oswestry Pottery 
Plymouth @--Preston 
Reading- Rochester 
Salisbury--Sheftield 3 
Shrewsbury 2 
Snerhorne.. Stafford 
stamford? Stockport 
Southampton 
Suff. Surrev...Sussex 
Caunton .. Tyne 
Wakefield. Warwick 
West Briton (Truro) 
Western (Exeter) 
Westmoreland @ 
Weymouth 
Whitehaven. Winds 
Wolverhampton 
Worcester 2.. York 4 
Man. @...Jersey 2 
Guernsey 2 
Scotland 31 
Treiand 56 














































fieview of Mew Publications, 
Gregson’s Fragments relative to Lancashire.233 
Brasbridge’s Fruits of Experience......++++«.234 
Sufferings of a French Protestant Family...238 
Secret Memoirs of the Court of Lewis XIV. 241 
Private Correspondence of Wm. Cowper....243 
Dr. Southey’s Book of the Church..........246) 
Skelton’s Oxonia Restaurata .........00.00+++248) 
Fifth Report on Prison Discipline............249 
History of Lambeth ........seeseeeeesseeeerees 254) 
Wrangham's Charge.—Footman’s Directory.7l. 
Annual Register.—Hurstwood, &c. &c.255,256 
Lrrerary Inrevticence.- New Publications 257 
ARTS AND SCIENCES, .......ccceccccseccesseeeee2O9 
Antiquarian RESEARCHES... ; 
SELECT POETRY .....0.0cceseeeees 
Wistorical Chronicle. 

Proceedings in present Session of Parliament 263 
Foreign News,266.—Domestic Occurrences 268 
Promotions, &c.—Births and Marriages. ...271 
Oaituary; with Memoirs of Sir H. B. Dad- 

ley; Sir J. Orde ; Gen. Vansittart; Earl 

Cornwallis ; T. E. Bowdich, esq.; Mr. J. 

Davy; Sir Thomas Reid, Xe. .....+++++++++-273 
Bill of Mortality —Prices of Markets. ......237 
Meteorological Table.—Prices of Stocks ...288 








seeeee 


— ———_- 2 _ ___ ——____ 

















{ 194 ] 


MINOR CORRESPONDENCE. 
---— 


We regret we cannot insert the lamente- 
tions of S.J. A, on the projected altera- 
tions in the neighbourhood of St. Katha- 
rine’s, near the Tower. We almost fear 
our readers would imagine he was ironical 
when sounding the delights of his boyhood 
in that yoven > and busy neighbourhood. 
We join with him, however, in sincere regret 
that the old Church must necessarily fall a 
sacrifice to the spirit of commercial enter- 
prise ; and with » asure concur in the final 
sentence of his letter: ‘* If the desecration 
must take place, it is at least to be hoped 
that the screen, staJls, pulpit, Duke of Exe- 
ter’s monument, and whatever else can be 
saved, will find their way to some other 
eburch.” 

The character of Henry Hastings, of the 
Woodlands, Dorset (sent to us by A. B.) 
was written by Lord Shaftesbury. It is 

i in Hutchins’s Dorset, 2d edit. II. 
510; and Nichols’s Leicestershire, III. 592 ; 
accompanied in both works by his whole- 
length portrait. It is also to be found in 
Peck’s ** Desiderata Curiosa,” and in our 
Magazine for 1754 (xxx1v. 160.) 

Sussexiensis states, that about ten days 
ago some labourers discovered at Pulbo- 
rough in Sussex four Roman pigs of lead. 


They were 22 inches in length, and six 
inches across the top, and four inches at 


thie bottom. On each was impressed the 
following inscription, which is sent in the 
hope that some explanation may be fur- 
nished: ICLTR . PVT . BREXARG. 

Mr. J. Lawrence, of Somers Town, ob- 
serves, ‘‘ In the summer of the year 1770, 
T was on a visit at Beaumont Hall, on the 
coast of Essex, a few miles distant from 
Harwich. It was then the residence of 
Mr. Canham, who has, many years since, 
found his way to a permanent, and, I trust, 
better home. I was invited to ascend the 
attics in order to read some lines, imprint- 
ed by a cow-boy of precocious intellect. I 
found those in handsome, neatly executed 
letters, printed aud burnished with leaf- 
on on the wall of his sleeping room. 

ey were really golden verses, and may 
well be styled Pythagorean, from their mo- 
ral point,—to wit, 

“ Earth goes upon the earth, glittering like gold, 
Earth goes to the earth sooner than ‘twould ; 
Earth built upon the earth castles and towers ; 
Earth said to the earth, all shall be ours!” 
The curiosity of these lines so forcibly im- 
pressed them on my memory, that length of 
time has not been able to efface a tittle of 
them,—but from what soufces did the boy 
obtain them ? The old Gent. Mag. is a uni- 
versal traveller, and doubtless pays its month- 
ly visit in the vicinity above quoted, where, 
or may reside some gentle reader en- 
dowed with curiosity enough to induce him 


to inquire whether or not any traces yet re- 
main of the golden verses on the wall of 
Beaumont Hall garret: and whether the 
once precocious cow-boy be now living,— 
his head ‘silvered o’er with age,’ and his 
limbs crippled by labour; if so, a few shil- 
lings would cheer his now aged heart.” 
Srupent observes, in p. 40, a remark 
taken from Dr. Meyrick’s ‘Inquiry into 
Ancient Armour,” respecting a supposed 
mistake concerning leopards in the Royal 
Arms of England. Looking into a late pub- 
lication on Costs, by J. Palmer, gent. (where, 
by the bye, one would little expect to find 
any thing relating to armorial ensigns), I 
chanced to notice in the appendix a refer- 
ence to an old law (28 Edw. I. Stat. 3, c. 20) 
directing the assay of vessels of gold, &c. 
which ordains that vessels of that metal 
shall be of a certain touch, and that silver 
vessels shall be stamped with a Jeopard’s 
head, teste de leopart. Does not this tend 
to establish what Dr. Meyrick denies ?” 
—The note in Dr. Meyrick’s work is,— 
“That it is a mistaken idea, is proved by 
the fact of our finding no instance of the 
arms of England blazoned as having leopards, 
while even heralds have thus termed the 
lions to a late period. The French call a 
lion passant regardant a lion leopardé, and a 
leopard rampant a leopard-lionné, a confu- 
sion of terms that will account for the er- 
ror.” Vol. I. p. 36, note. — Dr. M. there- 
fore, it appears to us, does not deny the 
use of the term leopart, but explains why it 
was adopted to signify a lion, in which form 
it always has appeared in the arms of Eng- 
land. Ebr. 
T. W. says, in reference to the church- 
yards remaining of those churches destroyed 
by the fire (see pe): **T beg leave to notice 
that the churchyard of St. Gabriel Fen- 
church does remain, and is up Fen-court, 
opposite Mincing-lane; and the Bank, with 
a becoming delicacy, has preserved the 
churchyard of St. Bartholomew, which was 
pulled down to enlarge that building; and 
all the churchyards, to the credit of the 
citizens, are preserved in neat condition.” 
An account of Fulbourn, by our kind 
Correspondent T. N. would be acceptable. 
We refer H. to Miss Hawkins’s Anec- 
dotes, reviewed in vol. xcu. ii. 137, 
Wesroniensis’s Reply has been commu- 
nicated privately to Clionas. 
** Waterfall of Giesbach,” in our next. 


Errata.---Vol. XCIII_ i. p 181. Mr. J Bed. 
ford is a nephew of W. Bedtord of E/mhurst, and 
only son of J. Bedford, esq. of Abbey House 
Pershore ---P 593, a. l. 43. sor were, read where ; 
b. 1. 17, read astonishing ---P. 594, b. 1. 33 read 
Indus ; 1. 7 from bottom, read Afghans.-—P. 596, 
a. 1.16, for is, revd are ---P. 652, a. 1 19, reed 
Arehidiacono; | 21, Desiderii, and Reverentia. 





THE 


GENTLEMAN’S MAGAZINE. 








MARCH, 


1824. 








ORIGINAL COMMUNICATIONS. 
—@—_— 


CaTuepraL Cuurcu oF St. Joun at Catcurttra., 


Mr. Ursan, March 1. 
yb following memoir of the Ca- 
thedral Church of St. John at Cal- 
cutta is submitted for the information 
of your readers. 
he site of St. John’s Cathedral ap- 
pears to have been originally inclosed, 
as a place of sepulture, by the cele- 
brated Jos Cuarnock, the founder of 
Calcutta; a sketch of whose roman- 
tic story, as narrated by Mr. Orme, 
the India historian, will therefore form 
the first portion of its history. This 
enterprising individual was an agent 
of the English East India Company, 
and appointed by then, about the 
middle of the seventeenth century, 
governor of their factory at Golgot, 
near Hughley. In consequence of 
some offence given by the Phouzdar of 
Hughley, occasioned bya soldier going 
to buy mutton, Charnock deemed it 
necessary privately to obtain reinforce- 
ments from Madras, with which he 
attacked the phouzdar (Abdul Gunne), 
and put him to flight: but the latter, 
having also in his turn obtained great 
reinforcements from the Na or 
king of Hughley, compelled Charnock 
and his factors to quit Hughley, and 
to take to their boats. With ditlculty, 
and in a manner which displayed 
great gallantry, they escaped down 
the river. A few days after this, 
the Bengal king marched down a- 
ainst the southern or Hughley king. 
When he reached the southern coun- 
try, Job Charnock went, attended by 
two natives of distinction and Dr. 
Chunderseeker, his physician, to pre- 
fer his petition to his Majesty. Char- 
nock’s Vacqueel having by address ob- 
tained a favourable audience, and be- 
ing questioned as to the purpese of his 
master’s visit, replied that the English 
Company had sent Mr. Charnock out 
as governor of their factory at Golgot, 
to condact their trade under his Ma- 
jesty’s protection, but that the nabob 
and ‘the phouzdar of Hughley had, 
upon a slight dispute about some meat, 
taken violent measures and driven 
them down to Ingelce, where, added 


the Vacqueel, my master his de- 
voirs to your Majesty bya Shans of 
all his cannon, The king having heard 
this story, ordered him to bring his 
master into the Royal presence, which 
was done accordingly on the follow- 
ing day, and the king promised to do 
him justice, At this juncture some 
of the king’s people whispered him 
that his provisions were quite expend- 
ed, which Job Charnoc observing, 
and that it created much uneasiness in 
his Majesty, he ordered his people pri- 
vately to bring an ample supply of 
every kind from his fleet; which ge- 
nerous conduct so won upon the king, 
that he desired him to ask what he had 
to solicit in return. Charnock replied, 
that the first command he requested 
his Majesty to lay upon him was, to 
order him to defeat his enemies. The 
king cheerfully accepting this offer, 
placed a force at his disposal, with 
which he routed the king’s enemies in 
a few days, and returned into the royal 
cngee The king hereupon loaded 
im with presents, and granted him a 
perwannah forCalcutta. After this vie- 
tory, the king returned to Delhi, and 
Charnock remaining at Calcutta, clear- 
ed it of the jungles, and fortified it. The 
next year, Charnock having obtained 
fresh supplies, sent the king a hand- 
some present of European articles un- 
der charge of Dr. Chunderseeker, with 
the Vacqueel, and two or three other 
gentleinen ; when they reached Delhi, 
they found the king dangerously ill, 
and sorely tormented with carbuncles, 
which his physicians could not cure. 
Upon hearing this, one of the English 
ntlemen who was a physician, un- 
dertook the task of curing his Majesty, 
in which he succeeded to the joy of the 
whole Court, and greatly to his own 
advantage, as well as that of the Eng- 
lish Company, to whom the king sent 
a phirmand, excusing them from all 
duties at Calcutta; but the English 
ambassadors thinking that this might 
give umbrage to some future Shah, 
obtained leave to commute it for a 

small annual quit-rent. 
Having 








196 


Having thus obtained a settlement 
in Calcutta, and fortified it, Charnock 
proceeded to establish a factory there, 
and to take measures for its defence. 
According to all accounts, he admi- 
nistered justice among the natives with 
such impartiality, although sometimes 
with great severity, as to induce them 
to settle there in large numbers. 

About 1678-9, he united himself in 
marriage with a young and beautifal 
Hindoo, whose person he and his guards 
had rescued ly force from the funeral 
pile. By her he had several children, 
and appears to have lived with her about 
8 years. Upon her decease he enclosed 
a large piece of ground in the suburbs 
of his factory, on which he erected a 
mausoleum, and there deposited her 
remains. We have the authority of 
Hamilton, of Asiaticus, and other 
writers, for asserting the fact, however 
extraordinary it may appear, that during 
the remainder of his life, he annually 
offered a cock to the memory of this 
much-lamented wife in her mausoleum, 


Job Charnock ;- Founder of Calcutta, 


[March, 


thus converting it intoa heathen temple. 

The adventures of this enterprising 
man, as they might be collected from 
published and unpublished authorities, 
would furnish a theme fit for the pen of: 
the most celebrated novelistoftheday,— 
a theme rich in incident, and abundant 
in picturesque scenery and moral point. 

On the 10th of January, 1692, Job 
Charnock died, and, according to the 
inscription* upon his tomb, in full 
possession of the Christian hope. He 
was buried in the same mausoleum 
with his wife, and from that time the 
cemetery, which had been originally 
appropriated to the sole use of his fa- 
mily, became the receptacle for the 
remains and tombs of the English po- 
pulation of Calcutta. It may, there- 
fore, from this date, be viewed in the 
light of a Christian burying-ground, 
although no sacred edifice was erected 
upon it, for nearly gO years afterwards. 

Of Charnock’s cemetery I subjoin a 
sketch, taken from a map prepared be- 
fore the year 1742: 








* «D.O.M. Josus Cuarnock, Armiger, Anglus, et nup. in hoc regno Benga- 


lensi dignissimus Anglorum Agens. 


Mortalitatis suze exuvias sub hoc marmore de- 


posuit, ut in spe beate resurrectionis ad Christi judicis adventum obdormirent. Qui 
postquam in solo non suo peregrinatus esset diu, reversus est domum sux 2ternitatis 


decimo die Januarij, 1692. 


Pariter jacet Maria, Jost primogenita, Carnotr Eyre, 
Anglorum hiece prefecti, conjux charissima; que obijt 19 die Febrij, A.D. 1696-7.” 


I also 














1$24.] 


I also annex a fac-simile of his au- 
tograph, which will correct (upon un- 





Ferst English Ciurch, Calcutta. 


197 


Mr. Orme, who, in his Historical 
Fragments, p. 281 et seq. uniformly 


questionable authority) the error of spells the name without ther, Chanock. 


Theerror of Mr. Orme probably arose 
out of the native designation of Bar- 
rack pore, a place distant about 15 miles 
from Calcutta, on the banks of the 
Hughley, which is called and is also 


written Chanok by the natives. This 
place is supposed to have been one of 
Charnock’s favourite retreats. 

There does not appear to be any 
ground for believing that Calcutta pos- 
sessed a place separately and suitably 
appropriated to Christian worship, ac- 
cording to the forms of the Church of 
England, for at least seven or eight 
years after the decease of Charnock. 
On the contrary, Dean Prideaux, who 
dates his account of the East India 
settlements of the English, January 
23, 1694—5, and who may be pre- 
sumed to have possessed the best possi- 
ble means pid orem ml says, “‘ There 
is not so much as a Chapel in any of 
the English settlements for the true 
religion, except at Fort St. George.” 

The first intimation of any English 
Charch or Chapel at Calcutta bears 
date in 1703. Of this Church the 
Rev. Benjamin Adams is described as 
the pastor, in the following inscription 
upon his wife’s tomb, formerly in the 
cemetery of St. John’s Church : 


‘<In piam memoriam Marcaret#® ApaMs, 
Rev. Domini Bensaminis Apams, Ecclesiz 
Xsti in Bengala Pastoris, dilecte olim con- 
jugis. Obijt decimo 3tiv calendarum Sep- 
tembris, anno Domini 1703.” 


Towards the erection of this Church 
or Chapel, it appears from other docn- 
ments, that the East India Company 
contributed 1000 rupees, and furnished 
the iron-work from Fort St. George. 
In Nov. 1714 Captain Hunter contri- 
buted 80 rupees for the use of this 
Church. In 1715-16 it was found 





(famed 


necessary to repair the middle aile ; 
and in 1722-3 it was deemed expedient 
to new roof it. The following is a 
representation of it, taken from a sur- 
vey supposed to have been executed 
between 1714 and 1730, when Calcutta 
was fenced in by palisadoes only. 





Of this first edifice Captain Ha- 
milton has left the following account : 


** About 50 yards from Fort William, 
stands the Church, built by the pious cha- 
rity of merchants residing there, and the 
Christian benevolence of sea-faring men, 
whose affairs called them to trade there: 
but Ministers of the Gospel being subject 
to mortality, very often young merchants 
are obliged to officiate, and have a salary of 
50l. per annum added to that the Company 
allow them for their pains, in reading 
prayers and a sermon on Sundays.” 

This building was destroyed by a 
storm and hurricane, which happened 
in the night between the 11th and 
12th of October, 1737. So tremen- 
dously violent was the concussion, that 
it levelled most of the walls in the 
town, and particularly that round the 
burying place; it also shattered and 

+ Captain Hamilton spent his time in 
trading in various parts of the East Indies, 
from the year 1688 to 1723, and published 
his travels in 1727. 


threw 








“196 


threw down many of the buildings, 
blew up the bridges, and overturn- 
ed or laid prostrate the church. The 
steeple, which was exceedingly lofty, 
constituted the chief ornament of 
Calcuita. Another account states: 
** The high and magnificent steeple of 
the English Church sunk into the 

ound without breaking.” In a few 

ays afterwards the tide Sete in upon 
and carried away some of the wharfs, 
ships, and stairs, the pier on the fac- 
tory wharf, and ships at Soota-soota. 
The loss in shipping was very great, 
and is thus oom in your Magazine of 
1738: 

“lt is computed that 20,000 ships, 
barks, sloops, boats, canoes, &c. have been 
cast away. Of nine English ships then in 
the Ganges, eight were lost, and most of 
the crews drowned. Barks of 60 tons were 
driven by the wind and tide two leagues up 
into land over the tops of high trees, Of 
four Dutch ships in the river, three were 
lost, with their crews and cargoes. 300,000 
souls are said to have perished, and the wa- 
ter in the Ganges to have risen forty feet 
higher than usual,” 


Not long after the destruction or total 
dilapidation of this Church, measures 
appear to have been taken for its re- 
instatement at the cost of the inhabit- 
ants, assisted by Government; by 
whom there is also reason to believe 
it was from time to time repaired and 
maintained. To this second Church, as 
to the former, standing at a distance of 
a few hundred yards from the fort, it 
was the practice of the Governor and 
Council, with the Company's servants, 
to walk in procession, in fine weather, 
every Sabbath Day. Many of them, 
upon their quitting India, left to it 
some endowment of plate, or useful 
furniture, in consequence of which 
the Communion service became so 
rich, as afterwards to afford valuable 

lunder for the troops of Surajah ul 
Dowlah. Of these endowments only 
one cup, which had been presented 
by the Society for promoting Chris- 
tian Knowledge, was either saved or 
recovered after the capture of 1756, 
and remained with some plate belong- 
ing to the Company till the whole was 
sold and melted down during the Go- 
vernment, but, it is believed, without 
the knowledge of Sir John Shore. 

The only trace of the form of this 
second Church which I have seen is 
the subjoined ichnography upon a map 
of Calcutta, taken from an ancient 


plan of the city, by C. Knipe, dated 


Second English Church, Calcutta. 


(March, 


Dec. 18, 17425 from an original by 
Theodore Forrest of earlier date. 











It was a circumstance singularly un- 
fortunate for this second Church, that 
when Calcuita was besieged by Surajah 
ul Dowlah in 1756, it stood not onl 
without the fort, but within point blank 
cannon shot of it. Surajah ul Dowlah 
availed himself of its position, and after 
he had driven the small British force in- 
to their garrison, actually assailed them 
in that strong-hold from the walls and 
tower of their Church, and by means of 
it eventually obtained that fatal advan- 
tage which led to the catastrophe of 
the Black Hole. The Church of course 
suffered so much in the conflict, that it 
became a ruin, and was desecrated, and 
nearly destroyed by the Moors. 

Thus ended the second edifice of this 
kind which had been constructed by 
the English in Calcutta. 

For several years after the battle of 
Plassey, and the re-instatement of the 
British settlers, Divine Service was per- 
formed in a room in the middle of the 
at called the Chapel of the Old 

ort. 

At length a project was started for 
the re-erection of the Church, which 
was twice deferred on account of the 
expence: but in 1783, Rev. W. John- 
son, with the other Chaplains, circulat- 
ed proposals for the erection of a new 
Church by public subscription, with 
such success, that by the month of 
January 1784, the sum of sixty thou- 
sand sicca rupees had been subscribed. 
A committee was appointed to con- 
duct the business, consisting of War- 
ren Hastings, esq. the Governor-gene- 
ral; Edward Wheeler, esq. and John 
Stables, esq. of council; the Chaplain, 
Secretary to Government, and several 
other gentlemen of rank in the service. 

The site chosen by these gentlemen 
was Charnock’s cemetery ; and in Dec. 
1783, Maha Rajah Nobkissen, a prin- 
cipal Hindoo, enfranchised and made 
over to the Governor-gereral a piece of 
ground, valued at 30,000 rupees, con- 
sisting of six begahs and 10 biswaas 
adjoining to this cemetery, for the ex- 
press purpose of erecting a Christian 

Church 





1824.) 


Church thereupon ; and it is a circum- 
stance not less remarkable than true, 
that another native named Omichund, 
who died in Calcutta in 1763, gave by 
will 30,000 rupees towards the same 
object. The t India Company 
gave the same sum. The contributions 
of individuals were many of them 
highly respectable. Mr. Grant, in 
particular, who was then at Malda, 
contributed 500 rupees, and undertook 
to superintend a supply of marble from 
the ruins of Gour for the pavement of 
the Church. Various other sums were 
appropriated by the Government to- 
wards the erection of this Church ; 
particularly a portion of the restitution 
money paid by Nabob Meer Jaffier 
Khan, as successor of Surajah ul Dow- 
lah; the produce of a church lottery 
being rs.10,764 12 9; and the pro- 
ceeds of an embroidered tent, and of 
confiscated property taken from the 
enemy, 1s.14,957. In addition to pe- 
cuniary aid, the East India Company 
gave furniture to the new Church, 
consisting of communion plate, an or- 
gan, a clock, bells, and a velvet cloth 
for the pulpit and desk. Sir John Zof- 
fany, the painter, who was then in In- 
dia, contributed a splendid altar-piece 
of his own painting, representing the 
Last Supper. 

The plan of the Church, which was 
finally approved, was a copy of the 
Church of St. Stephen in Walbrook, 
London, of which drafts were made 
by Colonel Polier, Colonel Fortnam, 
and others; and in January 1784, 
Lieutenant James Age, of the Engi- 
neer corps, a professed architect, of- 
fered his services to the Committee, 
which were accepted, and he was 
chosen to superintend the building of 
the proposed edifice, of which the first 
stone was laid on Tuesday, April 6, 
1784. On the morning of that day, 
Mr. Wheeler, acting president, gave a 
ublic breakfast at the old court- 
house ; whence he proceeded, attended 
by the principal servants of the Com- 
pany, and chief inhabitants of Cal- 


St. John’s Church, Calcutta. 


199 


cutta to the ground upon which the 
church was to be erected, when the 
first stone was laid by Mr. Wheeler, 
with the usual ceremonies, and a 
os written for the occasion, read 
y Mr. Johnson. The following in- 
scription was engraved on a plate of 
copper, and grooved into the founda- 
tion stone: 

«<The first stone of this sacred building, 
raised by the liberal and voluntary subscrip- 
tion of British Sussects and others, was 
laid under the auspices of the Honourable 
Warren Hastings, Esq. Governor-General 
of India, on the 6th day of April, 1784, 
aud in the 23d year of his government.” 


In addition to the pecuniary and 
other aids already mentioned, Mr. Ar- 
thur Davis, who had made ornamen- 
tal painting his study, offered his ser- 
vices to the Committee to decorate the 
Church. Mr. Phineas Hall, a barris- 
ter, offered his services in drawing up 
the contracts with such people as the 
Committee had occasion to employ. 
Mr. Wilkins superintended the mould- 
ing of stones prepared at Benares ; and 
Captain Caldwell dispatched the stones 
cut from the quarries at Chunar; Mr. 
Champion of Boglepore procured agate 
for the inside plastering of the Church ; 
and, lastly, earl Cornwallis, in Dec. 
1786, enriched the fund by a private 
subscription of 3000 sicca rupees. 

On Sunday, the 24th of June, 1787, 
the Church being finished, was conse- 
crated, and dedicated to St. John ; the 
Governor General, Gen. Carnac, Sir 
Robert Chambers, Mr. Justice Hyde, 
and many other persons of distinction, 
being present. After the act of con- 
secration, a sermon was preached by 
the senior chaplain, and the Sacra- 
ment administered. The two children 
of Messrs. R. C. Plowden and John 
Burgh were baptized, and public bap- 
tism recommended to the congrega- 
tion. Upon the same day, the ground 
which surrounds the Church was con- 
secrated *. 

Upon the 28th of June, a Select 
Vestry was held at the new Church, 








* The total cost of this edifice appears to have been about 200.000 current rupees. There were ex- 


pended upon it 1.550000 bricks. The foundation coutsmns 27,260 feet of solid masoury. The floor 
forms a square of 70 feet. The superficial contents of the roof of the Church is 10700 square feet ; 
and the erection of the spire from the levei of the roof cost 15,000 rupees. The following curious fact-, 
Stated in the letter from Mr. Grant to the Comiuttce of Management, may be worthy of a piace in 
your Miscellany : 

Mauilda, June 9. 1784. 

“ Limagine a number of stones sufficient for the pavement of the new Church may be coliected from 
the ruins of Gour. ‘The stones are vf various sizes; many from a foot to two feet long, seven inches 
to fifteen broad, and seldom less than six inches deep. Ticey are of a blue colour: those I have occa- 
sionally viewed have appeared to be hewn on threc sides, but not polished. All the remains of Gour 
ae unquestionably the property of Government, wich may dispose of them at pleasure, as was the 
custom of the Soubaldars. 

“It may aot be amiss to add, that besides these stones, which were used in the buildings of Gour, 
there are among the ruins « few huge masses, which appear to be of blue marble, and have a fine po- 


lish. 











200 


under the orders of the Governor Ge-. 


neral, at which his Lordship presided. 
There were also present the Rev. 
Messrs. W. Johnson and T. Blan- 
chard, chaplains; E. Hay and R. 
Johnson, esq. churchwardens; C. 
Thorohill al C, Sealy, esq. sidesmen. 
At this Vestry, a provisional arrange- 
ment forthe government of the Church 
and charity funds, founded on the ana- 
logy of English law, was made by the 
Governor General, by virtue of his 
special powers. In this arrangement, 
it was expressly stated, that ‘*as Cal- 
cutta is not of itself a parish, though 
in a parish, and as there are no legal 
powers to levy church-rates in it, or 
to compel the performance of some of 
the functions properly belonging to 
the office of ss we, Fn the per- 
sons acting as churchwardens in Gal. 
cutta cannot be considered by the law 
as properly described under that speci- 
fication, but they must be considered 
to act with the consent of the inhabit- 
ants, for whose advantage and good 
they perform the duty *.” 

he charity stock, which was at 
this time between two and three lacks 
of rupees, together with the manage- 
ment of the charity school, was placed 
in the hands of the Select Vestry. 

No very material incident occurred 
in the history of the third Church of 
Calcutta from its completion till the 
arrival of a Diocesan. The occasional 
repairs, alterations, and enlargements, 
which took place, were chiefly at the 
expence of the Government, by whom 
also the establishment was and still is 
maintained ; its annual cost was 4,633/. 
The arrival of Dr. Middleton in 1814 
augmented this charge on the reve- 
nues 5,487/. 11s. 7d. making together 
10, 111d. 14s. 5d. per annum; but at 
the same time converted the Church 
of St. John at Calcutta into the Me- 
tropolitan Church of an English Bi- 
shop, and established a power in Bri- 
tish In:lia, capable, as it is administer- 
ed, of rendering either service or injary 
to the interests of religion there. 

Not the least observable feature in 


St. John’s Cathedral, Calcutta, 





[March, . 


the history of this edifice is the liberal 
co-operation of natives in its erection ; 
varticularly the bequest of Omichand. 
Ne had, indeed, during the whole 
course of his life, been in connexion 
with the English, and had acquired 
much of his property in trading with 
them as a contractor for clothes. In 
the oldest map of Calcutta that I 
have seen, which, as I have already 
stated, was made when its externa! 
defence consisted merely of palisa- 
does, a spot is marked within the 
Company's bounds as the garden-house 
of Omichund, who, nevertheless, 
while enjoying the British protection 
within their bounds, availed himself 
of every opportunity to cheat them, 
and was more than once smartly fined 
for his conduct in that respect. The 
inferior agents of his knavery being in 
the employ of the English, received 
punishment of a more summary kind. 
Upon some trying occasions Omichund 
rar have been a political agent 
of nosmall value tothe English Govern- 
ment; particularly to Lord Clive and 
Mr. Watts in 1757, 1758, and 1759. 
He died in 1763. His will was written 
in the Mahajuis Nagree character; and 
it has been since stated by Mr. Cham- 
bers that the will does not make a di- 
rect bequest for an English Church, 
but gives the remainder of his fortune, 
after certain bequests, to Gooroo-Go- 
vind, his tutelary saint, to be bestowed 
for charitable uses in the way of his re- 
ligion, appointing Huzooree Mull his 
executor and almoner in that matter. 
This statement derives great probability 
from the fact that the Church was not 
commenced, although contemplated, 
for more than 20 years after Omichund’s 
decease, and transfers from him to his 
executor the credit of the actual appro- 
priation of the sum of 30,000rs. to this 
object. From the mention of Gooroo 
Govind, in Omichund’s will, it would 
appear that he was of the sect of the 
Sikhs, of whose very peculiar manners 
and tenets Sir John Malcolm published 
an interesting sketch in 1817, 8vo. 
Yours, &c. T. Fisuer. 





lish The most remarkable of these covered tombs of the kings of Gour, whence they were removed 
about 15 years ago (1708-9) by a M.jor ddams, employed in surveying, who intended to send them to 
Calcutta, but not being able to weigh them into boats, they still remain on the banks of the river. 
Some time since | was desired to give my aid io procuring blocks of marble from Gour for a private 
use, but as | knew not how to comp y, uuless these masses, which are real curiosities, were broken in 
parts, L rather dechned. The pre-ent occasion 1s, however, of a different nature. They are already 
removed from the: original situations, and if any ase can be made of them intire in the Church, they 
would then be preserved, as indeed they deserve to be. ‘There are some smaller stones, polished and 
ornamented with sculptures of flowers, fret-work, etc. and a few free-stones of great length.” 

* On tne 2tth of Dec, 1787, being the Anniversary of St. John's, a General Meeting of the Free- 
masons tp Calcutta was held, and « very numerous body waiked in procession to the new Church, 
where they heard an historical sermon on the oceasion from the Rev. Mr Johnson, a member of the 


frateruity, 


who traced the origin of the Society from the Ancient Egyptians, and enumerated its se- 


veral revolutions, encouragements, aad persecutions, down to the present period; concluding with 
many excellent doctrinal maxims for the qualifications and couduct of a true mason, who he strongly 


argued must be a good man 








al 
5 
4 
le 
mn 


al 


“dl 
to 
te 
in 
ly 
id 
e- 


h, 
ne 


ly 











s) i ior Gee 
“way i | 
eye 


a* Sa be 








1994] 


Mr. Ursan, Feb. 1. 

ek E accompanying South-East 

view, taken in December 1822, 
of the Parish Charch of Hampton-in- 
Arden, in Warwickshire (see Plate I.) 
is submitted to yon as an appropriate 
subject for an engraving in the Gen- 
tleman’s Magazine. 

The original foundation of this 
Church, which is dedicated to “ our 
Lady and St. Bartholomew,” may be 
referred to a very early period, but I 
do not find any record of the precise 
time. Dugddle, in his Antiquities of 
Warwickshire, states that a church in 
this place is mentioned in Domesday ; 
and he gives a list of patrons and in- 
cumbents from the year 1250, to which 
his continuator Dr. Thomas has pre- 
fixed the names of three previous in- 
cumbents, It is also stated by Dug- 
dale, that “this Church being situate 
on so fair an ascent, had a tall spire, 
which was a noted mark to a great 
part of the woodland, till by the ex- 
traordinary violence of lightning and 
thunder happening on St. Andrew’s 
Day at night in the year 1643, it was 
cloven, and fell to the ground: at 
which time ‘the whole fabric, with 
the towet, were torn in divers places.” 

My visit was of so short duration, 
and at so inclement a season, that, be- 
sides my drawing, I could not do more 
than take a glance at the interior, 
which is of antique, though rather 
plain appearance. Of the monumen- 
tal inscriptions, but few in number, 
Dugdale and Dr. Thomas have re- 
corded all of any interest which exist- 
ed at the time of their respective pub- 
lications. I observed but one that had 
been introduced since the date of the 
Jatter. 

All the arms in the windows and 
upon grave-stones in this Church, en- 
graved in Dugdale, are gone or de- 
faced. 

One inscription, as being curious, I 
beg to transcribe from Dugdale, who 
states it to be upon a stone, ‘ whereon 
are the portraitares in brass of a man 
and his wife,” but the copy was not 
quite faithful to the original in ortho- 
graphy : 
bic iacent Ricardos Brokes baliuus de 
hampton in Ardene et Tota bror cing 
Man it beboves thee oft te hauc in 


minde 
hat thou dealest with thp band that 
sbait thou find 
Gent. Mac. March, 1824. 


Hampton-in-Arden Church, Warwickshire. 


201 


Children bin sloathfull and wibes hin 
unkind, 

€rceuters bin courtoug and keep all 
that thep find. 

This stone I found about the centre 
of the middle aile, stripped of the 
greater part of its brasses. The figure 
of the woman is all that remains, ex- 
cepting a small piece of the end of that 
brass on which the two last lines of 
the inscription were engraved. The 
brass containing the first two lines, 
** Hic jacent,” &c. was lying loose on 
an old wooden chest in the vestry, 
which is the low building on the 
right hand of the view. 

Dr. Thomas remarks, that on the 
South wall of the chancel, cut in 
stone, is an angel holding a shield on 
his breast, on which are two lions. 
This, though not alluded to by Dug- 
dale, is’ perhaps the most ancient and 
curious relick now remaining in the 
Church, and deserving of more parti- 
cular notice: It rests on the floor of 
the chancel, and has been much de- 
faced by successive daubings of a 
white or stone-coloured wash. There 
is no inscription upon it. 

In the chutch-yard, facing the 
Eastern end of the Church, are the 
remains of an antient stone cross, but 
the perspective aud inequality of the 
ground prevented their being shewn 
in the drawing. There are several 
yew-trees in the Church-yard. 

The Church is a vicarage in the 
diocese of Lichfield and Coventry.— 
Patrons, the Master and Brethren of 
the Hospital of Robert Earl of Leices- 
ter at Warwick. Present incumbent, 
the Rev. Richard Lillington. 

Of other particulars concerning this 
Church, I purpose taking notes at a 
future opportunity, and they shall be 
much at Mr. Urban’s service, if ac- 
ceptable. 

{n 1690 George Fentham of Bir- 
mingham, ‘mercer, by his will, gave 
certain freehold estates upon trust, to 
apply the yearly income thereof for 
ever to charitable purposes in the pa- 
rish of Hampton (the place of lis 
birth), namely, in teaching and in- 
structing the poor children of the pa- 
rish, in setting them out apprentices, 
and in relieving and encouraging poor 
inhabitants of the parish who honestly 
labour and endeavour to maintain 
themselves and their families with- 
out charging the parish eS 

* other 








202 Hampton-in- Arden Church.—On Circumstantial Evidence. (March, 


** other like charitable matter.” The 
selection of the particular objects of 
the above charity, and, for the most 
part, the apportionment of the funds 
to the several purposes of the trust is 
left in the discretion of the major part 
of the male copyholders inhabiting 
within the manor, a certain number 
of whom are the trustees of the charity 
estates; the present gross income of 
which is about 150/. per annum. 

The parish of Hampton in Arden, 
through which runs the little river 
Blithe, is situate about midway be- 
tween Birmingham and Coventry, in 
the hundred of Hemlingford. It is 
extensive, and comprises the villages 
or hamlets of Knowle, Balsall, and 
several others. Knowle and Balsall 
have separate churches or chapels, to 
which Hampton-in-Arden is the mo- 
ther church. Of Knowle Chapel there 
is a good engraving in your volume for 
1808, part ii. p. 769, from a drawing 
by your worthy friend Mr. Hamper. 

The village of Hampton-in-Arden 
being at an inconvenient distance from 
the turnpike road to Coventry on the 
North, and that to Warwick on the 
South, is a place of very little resort, 
and does not exhibit much sign of in- 
crease or improvement. Its weekly 
market is disused, but two annual 
fairs are held here. The population, 
exclusive of Knowle and Balsall, is 
probably about 400. 

The manor belongs to the Crown, 
as does a considerable quantity of land 
in the parish. ; 

The open fields and waste lands in 
the manor were divided and enclosed 
under an Act of Parliament passed in 
1805. 

For additional information concern- 
ing the church, parish, and manor of 
Hampton, in early times, see Dug- 
dale’s Warwickshire, Dr. Thomas's 
edition. Geo. Yatzs. 


—-—Q— 
Mr. Urban, Bath, Feb. 10. 


N your Number for January last, 

are two Letters with the signatures 
«* Causidicus” and “ J. P.” on the 
subject of Circumstantial Evidence ; 
the former in favour of that species of 
testimony; the latter not. Both com- 
munications are extremely curious, 
and very ably written: they relate toa 
most interesting question, and one 
more difficult to adjust than may at 
first appear; in fact, it is not easy to 


say on which side the arguments are 
strongest. For my part, I am rather 
inclined to give my voice against the 
testimony afforded by circumstances 


only. 

1 could, perhaps, repeat many sto- 
ries to the purpose; I shall, however, 
confine myself to one, and one most 
remarkable, the particulars of which 
have in all likelihood never reached 
any person now living as they reached 
me. I am in possession of a (wretch- 
edly) printed sheet, published at Dick’s 
Cofiee-house in Dublin, nearly one 
hundred years ago, containing the 
Trial at large, with all the evidence 
adduced, of an individual brought up 
before the Right Hon. Lord Chief Jus- 
tice Rogerson, and other Judges of the 
Court of King’s Bench, Friday, May 
24, 1728. The prisoner, a genueman, 
was charged with the murder of his 
maid servant; and the substance of 
the facts sworn to was briefly as fol- 
lows. An opposite neighbour saw 
him admitted into his house about 10 
at night by the maid servant, who 
opened the hall door for her master, 
holding in her hand a lighted candle 
in a brazen candle-stick. Not long 
after, the gentleman threw open the 
street-door, and made an alarm, ex- 
claiming that his servant was murder- 
ed. Many persons entered the house ; 
the woman was found a corpse in the 
kitchen ; her head fractured, her neck 
wounded so as to divide the jugular 
vein, and her dress stee in blood. 
On further search, the inquirers dis- 
covered that the prisoner had on a 
clean shirt, while one much and 
freshly stained with blood, and ascer- 
tained to be his, was discovered in the 
recess of a cupboard; where also was 
found a silver goblet bearing marks of 
a bloody thumb and fingers. The pri- 
soner almost fainted through terror, on 
being shewn the shirt, &c. and ac- 
cused loudly by neighbours and stran- 
gers of the crime of murder. He was 
speedily found guilty by a respectable 
jury, and executed. His defence, on 
trial, was, that the maid servant had 
admitted him as sworn; that she then 
went down to the kitchen; that he 
turned into his parlour; that he had 
occasion then to call the servant, and 
did so; but not being answered, went 
himself down to the kitchen, and found 
the woman lying dead on the floor; 
that not knowing her to be dead, and 
being a skilful surgeon, he proceeded 

instantly 





1824.] 


instantly to open a vein in her neck ; 
that in moving the body, which was 
very bloody, the blood Thad profusely 
stained his hands and shirt-sleeves ; 
that he then thought it best to make 
an alarm for assistance, but being 
afraid of the immediate bad effect 
which his appearance might produce 
on the minds of those who should see 
him in such a condition at a late hour, 
and naturally suspect more than he 
could clearly explain (being greatly 
confused, and as a French refugee, 
not speaking English fluently); he 
resolved to change his linen first; and 
had displaced the silver cup in order to 
thrust his bloody shirt out of sight. 
This story seemed, and does seem, in- 
credible ; the prisoner was a foreigner, 
and a man of dy and lonely habits ; 
the belief of his criminality was there- 
fore readily entertained. 

But now for the dismal truth, which 
should operate as an awful warning 
against the too ready reception of Cir- 
cumstantial Evidence. Several years 
after the prisoner's execution, a dying 
penitent confessed himself to a priest, 
who repeated the confession to a per- 
son connected with the writer of this 
article, and one who was interested for 
the reputation of the exiled French in 
mand, as well as for that of the un- 
happy sufferer. It appeared, by his 
own free acknowledgment, that the 
penitent was concealed in the prison- 
er’s house for the purpose of robbing 
it, at the moment of the gentleman’s 
return; that hearing him enter, he 
resolved to escape; that the woman 
saw and attempted to detain him; 
that he fearing nin knocked her 
down with the candlestick she still had 
in her hand; and, by a back way, fled 
unnoticed from the premises. 

I make no apology for the length of 
this detail, because I think the narra- 
tive singular, and belonging to one of 
the most important topics which can 
engage the human mind. The most 
blameless may be the victims of cir- 
cumstances; nor can any reflecting 
man in civilized life be sure that he is 
safe. E. M. 


Mr. Ursay, Feb. 23. 
-FOWEVER severely and justly 
the Romish Church is to be re- 
probated, on account of her departure 
from the ‘simplicity and godly sin- 
cerity”’ of the apostolic faith, still in- 
asmuch as she in preserved, though 


On the Utility of some Romish Customs. 


203 


it be veluti in tenebris, the fundamen- 
tal doctrines of our religion, she has a 

werful claim on our respect. We 
ament the mischievous tendency of 
too many of her idolatrous usages, but 
there are others, ‘‘ melioris evi,” which 
appeal to our feelings for the truth of 
their excellence and utility. Like the 
Puritans of former times, so some Pro- 
testants now, in their fears of her poli- 
tical ascendancy, regard the Romish 
Church with such unmingled aversion, 
that, without allowing themselves an 
inquiry into their nature, they con- 
demn her services en masse. But to 
concede nothing to their merits, and 
to deal only an invective against the 
errors of the Catholics as a body, is 
not the way to benefit ourselves, or to 
recover them. 

In a respect for things sacred, in the 
exercise of self-denial, and in a devout 
and diligent attendance on the means 
of grace, they are beforehand with us; 
and as Protestants we ought to be 
humbled and shamed by the compari- 
son; possessing as we do clearer light 
to instruct us in the nature of these 
duties, and nobler motives to engage 
us to the performance of them, than 
the legend of a saint, or the dread of 
the confessional. 

After a stormy night, and a rough 
passage across the Channel, the first 
object that met my eyes on the French 
shore was the lofty cross, with the co- 
lossal and well-executed figure of the 
suffering Saviour— 

« Bright rising o’er the foaming wave.” 


A representation more powerful in ef- 
fect, and more characteristic of a Chris- 
tian land, than even ‘‘ the heaven-di- 
rected spire.” What object could bet- 
ter remind the distressed mariner of 
the power and grace of Him who 
walked upon the sea, and turned the 
tempest to a calm, and thus inspire 
him with thankfulness and hope. 
When I saw here and in other parts 
of the country, a suppliant kneeling at 
that crucifix, which led me to medi- 
tate, and him to an act of worship, I 
could have wished that the stone 
crosses which once adorned our land- 
scapes, and which not our reformers, 
but their tasteless successors destroyed, 
were again erected, not as points of 

idolatry, but of thankful recollection. 
The churches in France, and espe- 
cially those built by our ancestors in 
Normandy, in their various and ap- 
propriate 





204 On the Utility of some Romish Customs, 


propriate decorations, as well as,archi- 
tectural beauty, generally please the 
stranger. Not used as places of sepul- 
ture, there is the absence of that damp 
and unhealthy efflavia common to our, 
older churches, together with those 
chilling and dreary associations con- 
nected with proximity to the dead. 
No excluding pews injure the beauty, 
and limit the ow of the house of 
God,—all is open, light, and cheerful. 
Here, as if to atone for withholding 
the Bible, is the storied window, the 
sculptured column, and the painted 
canvas, to teach the unlearned eye its 
facts; and the holy water, the lighted 
taper, and mystic rite, to exemplify, its 
doctrines. Numerous side chapels con- 
tain each its altar-piece, votive offer- 
ing, and inscription; and here are 
seen the solitary worshippers before 
the shrine of their patron saint, or the 
ptiest amid a kneeling group, perform- 


ing.a. silent mass: the church-doors, 


stand continually open for public or 
private prayer. At the sound of the 
morning bell, the market and shop 
are perceptibly thinned, in order to 
crowd the Church, and again at even- 
tide yet greater numbers, in — 
attire, the toils of the day concluded, 
are collected beneath the same roof, to 
bear a: part in the vesperal chaunt. O 
how unlike this the conduct of Pro- 
testants, among whom the business 
aud bustle of life knows no such salu- 
tary suspension, whose churches af- 
ford no retreat for private meditation, 
or .if open twice a week, as if contriv- 
ed to forbid their being resorted to, 
the service is celebrated at an hour the 
most inconvenient, and accompanied 
with no inspiring melody. No gay 
ion of the white-robed minis- 
ters of religion, attended by their 
flocks, making the air ring with. the 
glad accents of praise, mark the neg- 
lected festivals of the Reformed 
Church ; with all that was. supersti- 
tious, we have lost much that. was 
useful, in bringing the services of Re- 
ligion into our streets, and before the 
doors of those who will not listen to it 
in the sanctuary. It is. true ‘* the Sa- 
craments were not ordained of Christ 
to be gazed upon, or to be. carried 
about ;” but processional. songs of 
triumph, serving to identify Religion 
with the festivities of a season, are not 
therefore unmeaning and vain. 
** Yon Protestants (observed a Ca- 
tholic lady) expect to enter Heaven so 


(March, 


easily ; for whatever your Church may 
recommend, she exacts no rigorous 
penance, no humiliating private con- 
fessions, and no scrupulous fasts. 
Surely the constant exercise of self- 
examination, prayer, and the. occa- 
sional abstemiousness required of us, 
better accords. with the self-denying 
precepts of Christianity, than the in- 

difference. manifested among you.” 
Now, however properly we may dis- 
pense with a course of outward disci- 
pline, rightly construing the required 
mortification to be rather that of the 
spiritual than the bodily members, yet 
it is to be feared that too many who 
reproach the Catholics with resting 
short of the intended grace in zeal of 
the outward observance, have them- 
selves, in denying the expediency of 
the one, forgotten the necessity of the 
other. And if, as is the case among 
some Protestants, the gay round of en- 
joyment knows no pause, not even the 
sacred hours of the Sabbath, we may 
be well suspected by our Catholic 
neighbours, whatever be our preten- 
sions to superior discernment on these 
subjects, of a practical infidelity. In- 
deed, the conduct of continental tra- 
vellers in general gives any. thing but 
a favourable impression of their cha- 
racter as Christians. ‘They affront the 
prejudices of the Catholic, by their ir- 
reverent behaviour in the churches 
during the celebration of Divine Ser- 
vice; they sneer at his conscientious 
abstinence from animal food on those 
days the ritual prescribes; and while 
they are shocked at the open theatre 
on the Sunday evening, they are not 
ashamed to spend the whole of that 
day in lounging about the promenades, 
or in travelling across the country. It 
is not expected that a Protestant 
should bow down to a consecrated 
wafer, or stand uncovered in their 
streets while it is borne triumphantly 
along, but he might witness with de- 
corum and even with respect the ser- 
vice.in which he must not join. All 
the services are not thus exceptionable ; 
the greater number in their order and 
phraseology bear an evident alliance 
to our own, which, so far from being 
a blemish, as Dissenters pretend, com- 
mends the good taste and wisdom of 

our: Reformers, who in our Litu 
have given us almost all the breviary 
but its errors, and who, while they 
struck out unscriptural addresses to the 
Virgin Mary aud saints, did not abo- 
lish 








—_— = 


mm e 64 th che etm 


1$24.] 


lish all mention of their names, but 
converted the intercessory prayer into 
a thankful memorial of their piety. 
But too many Protestants, prejudiced 
because they will not be at the pains 
to understand them, turn away equally 
from vespers as from mass, wnin- 
fluenced by regret or charity, in the 
self-complacent spirit of him who said, 
«God, I thank thee that I am not as 
other men, nor even as this publican ;” 
such at least their scornful behaviour 
gives us reason to suppose. 

A Catholic funeral affords a pleas- 
ing and imposing spectacle. Instead of 
the corpse being committed to the cus- 
tody of a cumbrous and expensive train 
of undertakers, 

*¢ Who painful watch 

The sick man’s door, and live upon the dead, 
By letting out their persons by the hour, 
To miniic sorrow when the heart’s not sad,” 
the bier is borne to the distant ceme- 
tery between the hands of persons, the 
age and sex of the deceased. Instead 
of an unmeaning grim display of black 
feathers, and empty carriages, the white- 
robed choir bearing the silver cross and 
lighted taper, and singing the service, 
lead the procession, which is followed 
by a long train of mourners, bearing 
garlands to throw into the tomb ; and, 
when the funeral of a girl, all the youn 
females of the village attend, habit 
in white. All who have seen their ce- 
meteries, remote from the town, plant- 
ed with evergreens, and preserved from 
intrusion, must wish that our unwhole- 
some system of interment in and about 
the Church, were at length forbidden, 
and those adopted which converts a 
public nuisance into a delightful re- 
treat. ANGLICANUS. 


Mr. Ursayn, Fel. 26, 
7. observations of “ Ferrer 
versus Rat,” on the Church 
Missionary Society, in January Num- 
ber, p. 36, are so extravagant in their 
nature, that they must fail of their in- 
tended effect, and injure the cause they 
attempt to serve; for in his haste to 
echo Mr. Gleig’s objections, F. has 
fallen into a singular inconsistency. 
For instance, while he represents the 
advocates of the Society as “ aspiring 
men, taking advantage of public cre- 
dulity, as supporting a pompous bub- 
le's accessory to the pretended con- 
version of rogues, and proceeding on 
a-system of puff and deception,’’ le 


Defence of the Church Missionary Society. 


205 


yet most unaccountably allows they 
be “well-meaning men,”’ as’ if 
it were possible they could be knaves 
and simpletons at the same time. He 
would have done well to investigate 
the subject, as well as to adopt the 
opinions of thie author whom he eulo- 
gizes ; for then, more guarded and de- 
finite in his statements, his attack 
would not have so completely exem- 
lified the ¢elum imlelle sine ictu. 
at Mr. G. also carefully read the 
history of the Society’s proceedings; 
he might have escaped the inconve- 
nience of bringing forward accusations 
which have been long since urged, and 
answered to the satisfaction of candid 
men, if we may judge by the increas- 
ing patronage given to the Society, not 
only by members of the Senate, but 
of our Universities. Another, and a 
bolder champion, the late Archdeacon 
Thomas, openly, and in person, in- 
dicted this Society on those very counts 
which Mr. G. has done.—ist. That 
the Society was misnamed. 2nd. That 
its spirit was innovatory of ecclesiasti- 
cal discipline. 3rd. That its object was’ 
anticipated by the Society for propa- 
gating the Gospel in Foreign Parts; 
and 4th. That its’ Missionaries were 
enthusiasts. 

The Archdeacon waited not for re- 
ply, but a masterly defence soon ap- 
peared, which explained and refuted 
these several charges ;—and first, with 
respect to the obnoxious appellation, 
«Church Missionary Society,” that it 
intended nothing official, or exclusive, 
but merely intimated a Society’ sup- 
ported by members of the Established’ 
Church ; that the name by whicli it 
had been long designated ** Society for 
Missions to Africa and the East; had! 
given place to the one in question for 
brevity and distinetion’s sake. 

That it failed of the patronage of 
the whole Episcopal Bench, if an ar- 

ment against its legitimacy, might 
1ave applied also to a chartered Society, 
which for sixty years after its forma- 
tion, had only fourteen Bishops on its 
list. What then becomes of Mr: G.'s 
animadversions on this head; wheir, 
so far from contravening ecclesiastical 
authority, its Missionaries in India re- 
ceived the commendation of the late, 
and have the sanction and support’ of 
the present Bishop of Calcutta; who, 
previous to his departure, personally ad- 
vocated the cause of this Soeiety at its 
last anniversary meeting. Indeed it is 

dif- 

















206 


difficult to imagine how irregularities 
can exist, when the Bp. of London, 
who ordains, must also take cognizance 
of the several Missionaries who are 
sent out. Because the Society for Pro- 
pagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts 
exists, and therefure the labours of this 
are unnecessary, is not manifest, since 
by the charter of the former its efforts 
were specially and exclusively directed 
to the subjects of this country resid- 
ing in our own colonies. Up to the 
period of the King’s Letter in 1819, 
when its operations were extended, it 
never did employ a single Missionary 
for the purpose of converting Hea- 
thens to the Christian Faith. Till 
then it had never called forth, or at- 
tached to itself the missionary spirit 
of the country, or even attempted to 
do so. Had it been a missionary ra- 
ther than a colonial institution, with 
means adequate to the end proposed, 
and employing those means to the best 
advantage, it might have been impro- 
per to have framed another; but as 
the Church Missionary Society had a 
separate and confessedly important end 
in view, viz. the Conversion of the 
Heathen, there was abundant cause 
for its institution. Here no rivalry is 
intended ; both have distinct provinces, 
both seem deserving of encouragement. 
So far from cherishing an esprit de 
corps, it is pleasing to find many of 
the Church Missionary Society’s warm- 
est friends, even its secretaries, contri- 
buting members to the other Society. 
Not quite so consistent is the conduct 
of some of the elder Society’s eulogists, 
who act like the Archdeacon alluded 
to, while he arraigned the Prelates who 
supported both, himself subscribed to 
neither. 

If any proof were wanting of the 
conciliatory disposition of this accused 
Society, it would be seen in their ge- 
nerous grant of 5,000/. to the Calcutta 
Episcopal College, in common with 
the two chartered Societies, and more 
than this of 1000/. per ann. towards its 
necessities, and till it shou!d cease to 
be wanted ; a circumstance which, as 
Mr. G. queted some remarks from a 
more liberal opponent in the “ Quar- 
terly Review,” he must have known, 
and was bound in candour to have no- 
ticed. As well the overflowing sums 
once contributed in aid of the charter- 
ed Society, from those Churches and 
Chapels where sermons in aid of the 
other are annually preached, unan- 


Defence of the Church Missionary Society. 





[ March, 


swerably prove its desire to co-vpe- 
rate. 

It speaks volumes to the suitableness 
and general good conduct of the So- 
ciety’s Missions, when an adverse pen, 
from a long series of reports, can pro- 
duce only one or two injudicious con- 
versations, and these garbled, and ta- 
ken out of their connection with qua- 
lifying circumstances. There is one 
given at length, in which a Mr. Thom, 
of the Capi liieien, is a chief speaker, 
and which was intended to prove so 
much; unfortunately for Mr. G.’s argu- 
ment, Mr. T. was not a Missionary of 
this Society, but of one generally sup- 
ported by Dissenters. As if these things, 
if true, could balance the acknowledged 
and beneficial result of the Society’s la- 
bours in Western Africa, India, and 
the Mediterranean, where their Mis- 
sionaries enjoy the approbation and 
countenance of the civil authorities. 
He must possess unenviable feelings, 
a dull head, and a cold heart, who can 
read without interest the journals of 
their late devoted Missionary, Mr. 
Johnson, whose successful labours 
among the liberated Negroes in Sierra 
Leone have astonished those who knew 
what was once their wretched and de- 
graded state. Here the genius of Chris- 
tianity has exerted her heavenly influ- 
ence, and ‘the waste howling wilder- 
ness” is become fertile as ‘‘ the garden 
of the Lord.” Several hundred Negroes 
are regular and devout attendants on 
divine worship, and their children re- 
ceiving religious instruction. The Go- 
vernor testifies that swearing and in- 
toxication are hardly known among 
them. 

** The wretch who once sang wildly, dane’d, 
and laugh’d, (draught, 
And suck’d in dizzy madness with his 
Has wept a silent flood, revers’d his ways, 
Is sober, meek, benevolent, and prays ; 
Feeds sparingly, communicates his store, 
Abhors the craft he boasted of before, 
And he that stole, has learnt to steal no 
more.” 


Mr. G. has attempted to shew that 
religious instruction is of no avail till 
a considerable degree of civilization is 
effected ; but here the reverse is ma- 
nifest, for the simple and faithful ex- 
hibition of scriptural trath, by an af- 
fectionate pastor, has, through the 
blessing of God, been the means of 
civilizing the colony. Indeed civili- 


zation, whether it precedes religious 
instruction or no, must neccessarily ac- 
com- 





18%4.] 


eompany all attempts to evangelize the 
Heathen. 

It is triumphantly asked, if, (in allu- 
sion to our Saviour's advent) “ the ful- 
ness of time” does not intimate a re- 
quisite degree of civilization; why was 
our Saviour’s coming delayed till the 
4000th year of the world—why but 
for this reasonable cause of delay did 
God for so long a time keep back a 
species of knowledge so essential to 
the present and future happiness of his 
creatures? But are we reduced to the 
necessity of supposing the benefits of 
the Christian dispensation limited to 
Christian ages; and the progress of the 
world in refinement, the sole reason 
for a delay which seemed rather intend- 
ed to exercise the faith of God's peo- 
ple? Seen in the medium of types and 
ceremonies, and through the long vista 
of ages, the sincere Israelite trusted for 
acceptance with God in the merits of 
a promised Saviour, ‘‘ the Lamb slain 
from the foundation of the world ;” he 
looked forward, just as true Christians 
look back to the efficacy of the same 
sacrifice. 

But Mr. G. and some others accuse 
the Society of an unhallowed interfer- 
ence with the providential government 
of God, in this wide attempt to evan- 
gelize the world; but this is a question 
of propriety, which it may not occur to 
them they have also to settle with the 
Society for Promoting Christian Know- 
ledge. 


ie is not for us to speculate on what 
may be the future state of the Heathen, 
who live and die such, or how far the 
uncovenanted mercies of God extend. 
We are called upon to pity them, to 
pray for them, and help them; and 
while we know that the genius of Pa- 
ganism is cruelty; of Mahometanism, 
sensuality; and of Popery, ignorance ; 
we must be sensible that the moral 
condition of a people, where either of 
these systems prevail, is sufficiently de- 
plorable to justify our judicious endea- 
vours to enlighten them. Their con- 
dition accords with the terms employ- 
ed in Scripture, “a world lying in 
wickedness,” and “ perishing for ‘lack 
of knowledge.” If Heaven be a pre- 
pared place, for a prepared people, such 
a demoralizing existence operates no- 
thing in qualifying the soul for its en- 
joyments; and Remen we know is re- 
presented to us as a state of mind, ra- 


ther than of place, in which the happy 


Church Missionary Society.—Courts of Requests. 


207 


spirit desires only what it ought to poe- 
sess, and possesses all it desires. 

A Frienp To Fairness. 

Mr. Ursax, Feb. 27. 
TRUST you will excuse the li- 
berty I now take with the valuable 
columns of your Magazine—assuring 
you, that if it had not been for the 
special invitation of your Correspond- 
ent, ‘A Barrister,” I should not have 
troubled you on this occasion ; and it 
is only now done, under a fearful im- 
pression that there is a lurking desire 
in some quarter to deprive the Poor 
of the benefits of the Courts of Requests, 
which are now almost the only re- 
maining places where the expense of 
Barristers has not shut the door of jus- 
tice against them. If, Sir, it was not 
for the forcible expression, ‘‘ that com- 
parisons are odious,” I could almost fill 
one of your Magazines with them, but 
I shall merely content myself with pray- 
ing your readers to fancy to themselves 
the vexatious delays of a Chancery- 
suit, keeping them equally balanced 
between hope and fear for seven years, 
with the prospect now and then hap- 
pily changed, by a doubt, whether they 
will live to see a termination of the 

one or the other. Sometimes it ma 
occur that the Barristers will, through 
mere dint of exertion, get their Clients 
from Chancery, to the Court of King's 
Bench, where a fresh set of Barristers 
will hold out to both parties the de- 
lights of having justice speedily admi- 
nistered to them, if it should so hap- 
pen that their means of litigation are 
almost exhausted. But let us, Mr. Ur- 
ban, leave those higher Courts, where 
the blessings of Barristers are so conspi- 
cuous, and come down to one more 
analagous in the matters generally 
brought for its decision, I mean the “‘ In- 
solvent Debtors’ Court ;” there, Sir, 
you have Barristers as Commissioners ; 
— Barristers in abundanceas advocates ; 
there the greatest of Swindlers are pa- 
thetically pitied by Barristers as the 
most oppressed ont the most unfortu- 
nate of beings. You will there, Sir, see 
and hear, if there should be any poor 
unfortunate creditor possessed of teme- 
rity enough to oppose the barefaced 
swindler, Barristers that will jeer his 
cupidity,—laugh at his folly,—and 
throw ridicule upon him for not keep- 
ing his property in his own ion ; 
and all this, when it is known that his 
trade 











trade is his bread. You will there, Sir, 
see the most barefaced acts of robbery, 
by.the assistance of Barristers, walk 
through a Court with impunity. [ will 
just relate one that took place when I 
was present. —A well-dressed rogue 
had, after insinuating himself into the 
confidence of his employers, robbed 
them of several large sums, and ab- 
sconded ; but having some apparently 
respectable friends, the injured party, 
after several pressing importunities, 
agreed, that if the absconded rogue 
would appear, and give them securities 
for the repayment of the sums he had 
robbed them of, they would not pro- 
ceed criminally againsthim. What was 
the consequence? after a great deal of 
friendly interference they took his in- 
dividual acceptances to pay at different 
periods; the rogue then got himself ar- 
rested and gave notice to his employ- 
ers, whom he had robbed, that he in- 
tended on a certain day to take the be- 
nefit of the Insolvent Act, when, by 
his counsel, a Barrister, the party who 
had been so injured got a severe re- 
primand for having, what was called, 
compounded felony, and the rogue was 
immediately discharged. Do pray, Mr. 
Urban, come to some of the Courts of 
Requests, and try if you can discover 
any such injustice as this ; you will there 
find no Barristers pleading for the ve- 
riest rogues, as the most immaculate of 
beings ; you will there, Sir, ondy find 
a few respectable éradesmen, without 
fees, sifting to find out the truth, try- 
ing the oan of the goods sold by their 
experience, making equitable reduc- 
tions, when necessary, allotting the 
payments to the circumstances of the 
dehtors, as equitably as the proofs will 
admit, and what appears to your Cor- 
respondent, the “ Barrister,” the most 
inefficient part of the powers of the 
Commissioners, the short period of im- 
prisonments, (he seems to forget that 
great debtors living in the rules about 
six weeks, frequently rid themselves of 
just debts to the amount of from 20 
to 100 thousand pounds), as they can 
only incarcerate a poor man in a _pri- 
son from his family at the rate of one 
shilling per day; and this the Barrister 
says the debtors cuttingly call paying 
the debt. Let the great debtor, protect- 
ed by the wisdom of Barristers, pay 
in the same proportion, and that stig- 
ma, that comparisons are odious, would 
soon lose its effect, and the utility of Bar- 


Courts of Requests. 





(March; 


risters would in a short time become 
more apparent. 
A COMMISSIONER OF A 
Court or Requests. 

P.S. As the Barristers are conti- 
nually lamenting that there is a spi- 
rit abroad, having a tendency to make 
the mumerous r dissatisfied with 
the ancient institutions of the coun- 
try, may not a fair inference be drawn 
from the reasonings of your Barrister 
Correspondent, that those hallowed 
institutions, which enable the few to 
enrich themselves on the hard earn- 
ing of the people, are those only worth 
preserving ? 


Mr. Ursay, Feb. 28. 
b ge correspondent Sica, p. 27, 
appears to feel an unnecessary 
anxiety lest 20,0C0 seamen should be 
thrown out of employ by the abolition 
of slavery. It is not easy to account 
for the associations which take place 
in the minds of some men, but I con- 
fess that I should have felt more solici- 
tude upon the subject, had the pro- 
sal been to abolish the use of sugar : 
ut so long as that continues to its pre- 
sent extent, and that the article cannot 
be produced in Europe, your Corre- 
spondent’s fears appear to me to be 
altogether eoteenltd. He might have 
been aware that even in the event of 
the sugar trade being diverted from 
the West Indies, it would flow to the 
East, which would be e ually bene- 
ficial to the country. This it would 
have done long since, had it not been 
restrained by the partial, and as many 
think impolitic prohibitory duty upon 
East inde Sugar. Were this ; sre 
even now removed, and the country 
open to the importation of sugar from 
the East in large quantities, and on 
even terms with the West, the 20,000 
seamen, for whose interests your Cor- 
respondent expresses so much solici- 
tude, would suffer no injury, nor the 
State lose their services. They would 
most likely still find employment in 
the sugar trade: but with this dif- 
ference, that, having to sail for their 
cargoes to the East Indies instead of to 
the West, they would be longer at sea 
and less on shore, and probably be bet- 
ter taken care of ; a change which 
would be rather favourable than other- 
wise to their advancement in nautical 
skill, and to their ultimate qualifica- 
tion for the service of His Majesty’s 
Navy. r E. 
Mr. 



















Gent. Mag. March, 1824, Pl. IT, p. 209. 


Ai! 


as NL 
Hh 


Gent. Mag. March, 1824, Pl, IT. p. 209. 


a 
z 
o 
a 
re 


THE SEAT OF JOHN BLACKBURNE, 


re} 
=) 
= 
N 
< 
~~) 
Zz 
» 
4 
a 
< 
= 
ry 
-_ 
< 
rm 
~ 
) 
~ 
z 
Ss} 
E 
E 
S 
Zz 


i ii 
li 


Engraved by W. ITuches. 











1824.] 


Mr. Ursay, Feb. 2. 

b ag Correspondent, “* R.C.” p- 

16, in correcting two errors in 
the account of the death of the late 
Dr. Thomas Blackburne, to which he 
refers, might have amended another ; 
for the Doctor has left only one daugh- 
ter, the wife of Ralph Peters, esq. of 
Plat Bridge, near Wigan, but now of 
Southport, near Halsall, about 21 miles 
from Liverpool. 

Isaac Blackburne, esq. the youngest 
brother, has been long resident in and 
near Warrington, and has many child- 
ren; two sons in the East India ser- 
vice. He has been for many years an 
active Magistrate in that division of Lan- 
cashire, has served the office of Sheriff, 
and was during the war a Captain in 
Lord Stanley's Regiment of Royal 
Lancashire silitia. 

Blackburne. 


zk *& 





+4 
+e 
als 





The pedigree of the Blackburnes, 
as set forth by Sir Isaac Heard, 
late Garter King of Arms, may be 
seen in Mr. Gregson’s ‘ Fragments 
of Lancashire,” p. 200; and that of 
John Blackburne, esq. M.P. of Hale 
(now the representative of the very 
ancient families of the Irelands, and 
Blackburnes, of the Hutt or Haut * of 
Hale) by the same Herald, in p. 216. 

I beg to present to your Readers 
a view, drawn by a lady, of the North 
front of the Hall at Hale (see Plate 
II.) as it appeared about 1816. It is 
tastefully covered with ivy. There is 
an inscription over the door between 
two windows; it was finished by Sir 
Gilbert Ireland in 1674. 

This inscription relates to the first 
builder of the house, Sir Gilbert Ire- 
land, knt. who married his cousin, 
the heiress of Bewsey, her grand- 
father being also Baron of Warring- 
ton, Vice Chanceller of Chester, and 
of Gray’s-inn, London (as the present 
Member now is Lord of the Manor 
of the said town); by which marriage 





* A view of the Hutt or Haut, in Hale, 
is given in your vol. xcut. ii. 589, 
Gent. Mae. March, 1824. 


3 


Hale Hall, Lancashire.—Family of Blackburne. 





209 


the two families of Ireland of Bew- 
sey and Hale became united. 
he and his lady died in 1675, without 
issue. The estate then passed from 
the Irelands in the female line to the 
eens Oo | Isaac Green, 
. 0 ildwall ; - 
father of the late biabe Grosses, 
esq.+; and thence to the Black- 
burnes f. 

The Chapel, seen in the plate at a 
little distanee to the left, is built en- 
tirely of stone. It isa donative, Mr. 
Blackburne being the patron. The 
—— is +7 17s. 

ing James, in his to Lon- 
don, after he left Houghton Tower, 
&c. visited Sir Gilbert Ireland at 


Bewsey (now the pro; of Lord 
Lilford, by his wife Mise Atherton 
of Atherton), a romantic and ancient 
building, moated round; but I have 
seen no good view of this house. It 
is famous in history as the residence 


of the Butlers, who were stewards 
and butlers to Earl Ferrers, who be- 
fore the House of Lancaster succeeded 
to the Dukedom, was Lord of nearly 
all this part of the county. 


Treland, of Lydiate. 


Blundell, of Ince. 











An early branch of the Irelands, 
viz. Robert Ireland, son of John Ire- 
land, married a daughter of Sir John 
Butler, Baron of Wontusen, a fa- 
mily of great consequence in those 
days, and settled in Shropshire, (no 
doubt but it will be duly noticed in 
the “History of Salop,” now pub- 
lishing) ; and his nephew, Sir John 
Treland, of Hale, had a son Thomas, 
the founder of the Lydiate family, (see 
“* Lancashire Fragments,” page 252), 
which continued for many generations 
there, and built a curious Hall, part 
of which now stands, much admired, 
and of which no view has yet ap 
that I know of§; from the Irelands the 





t See p.184 of your present Volume. 
See Gregson, p. 218. 
§ A view of the ruins of Lydiate Church 
is given in your vol. xci. ii. p. 597. 
estate 








210 


estate went through the knightly fa- 
mily of Anderton to that of Charles 
Blundell *, esq. of Ince-Blundell, the 
present worthy owner. 

Your Friend “ R.C.” seems to have 
been pleased with the Museum of Mrs. 
Anne Blackburne at Orford; had he 
seen it at Fairfield, where-a room was 
built for its reception, (a room about 
15 yards long, or the whole front of 
that house, and a depth proportion- 
ed) he would have been pleased in- 
deed! for she continued from the time 
he mentioned (where probably at Or- 
ford “ R.C.” might ee met your 
present Correspondent) oateney 
collecting, and corresponding wit 
ardent admirers of Nature’s works in 
Russia, Prussia, Germany, Amerita, 
and all over the -world, and in a mu- 
tual intercourse and exchange of cour- 
tesy with the learned, particularly with 
Linnzus, who honoured her by nam- 
ing a plant found by her on the moun- 
tains Blackburniana. 

Mr. Stewart, the gardener at Hale, 
published a catalogue of all the rare 
plants in those gui, before the ve- 
nerable gentleman, his master, died, 
and the Collection was such as few 
other gardens at that time could boast. 

A selection of the most beautiful 
articles in this museum is now in 
the saloon or library at Hale Hall. 
The most curious botanical plants were 
also transplanted to the hot-house at 
Hale; amongst the rest the famous 
ancient aloe tree, being many tons 
weight, for which a — was built 
on purpose to carry it to Hale, where 
it now flourishes with others its com- 
panions. 

The present worthy owner has greatly 
enlarged and improved Hale Hall, and 
a new South front extends upon the 
lawn, fronting the estuary of the River 
Mersey; this was done some few years 
ago under the direction of Mr. Nash, 
(the Regent-street architect) who has 
ay Say preserved the ancient 
style. 

This additional suit of rooms com- 
mands a delightful view of the broad- 
est part of the River Mersey, which 
is here about four miles across, and 
presents a busy and interesting scene 
from the continual passage of vessels, 





* Ince Blundell was formerly called Hyms. 
See Gregson, p. *221, 


Hale Hall, Lancashire,—Family of Blackburne. 





(March, 


putas to and from Runcorn +; 
ence the River Irwell and Mersey is 
made navigable by means of the First 
Canal in the Kingdom, the Duke of 
Bridgewater's. ond the river are 
seen Ince, and t high grounds 
of Cheshire, whilst still farther the 
mountains of North Wales form the 
horizon. 

The centre apartment at Hale is a 
large saloon, 44 by 24 feet, which is 
adorned by a collection of natural curi- 
Osities, coins, and valuable books. At 
either end is an apartment, 36 by 22 feet, 
one used as a drawing room, the other 
a dining parlour. Behind is still pre- 
served the old hall with its ancient 
wainscot and painted glass; the roof 
having been raised, the space between 
it and the wainscot is ornamented 
with the armorial bearings of the fa- 
mily in a genealogical arrangement, 
from the earliest to the present time. 
Numerous family pictures: adorn va- 
rious parts of the mansion. 

John Blackburne, a finé old vener- 
able Gentleman, who was “ serene 
and calm to the last,” died Dec. 20, 
1786, at the age of 93. His death is 
recorded in your vol. Lv1t. p. 204, by 
the late Dr. Aikin, who had been for 
some years a resident in Warrington ; 
some account of Mrs. Anne Black- 
burne, who died in 1794, is printed in 
your vol. Lxiv. p. 180. 

One of the sons of this said venerable 
gentleman, (after Thomas, the father 
of the present Knight of the Shire), 
was John Blackburne, esq. Mayor of 
Liverpool, 1760, who was generally 
called ‘the poor man’s friend,” whom 
the writer knew to deserve well that 
honourable distinction. He died Aug. 
23, 1789 (see Gent. Mag. vol. tix. p. 
861.) His eldest son, John Black- 
burne, esq. was Mayor of the same 
town, 1788, since resident at Hawford 
Hall, Worcestershire; who has one 
daughter, married to Thos. Hawkes, 
esq. of Himley. 

Jonathan Tlie another son 
of the above venerable John B. had 
a valuable and vast collection of prints, 


which was sold in London, March 
1786. 
Yours, &c. LANCASTRIENSIs. 





t Called the Montpelier of Manchester, 
and where the invalids of that town resort 


for health. 


Mr. 








1894.] 


; . Summerland-place, 
Mr: Ursan, Exeter, Feb. 7. 

HAVE ately observed that the me- 

rits and demerits of periodical pub- 
lications have been freely discussed; 
and I cordially participate in the satis- 
faction arising from the justice done 
to the “‘ Gentleman’s Magazine,” as 
a standard and permanent work of 
long-established repute, and contain- 
ing, as stated, much valuable antiqua- 
rian, scientific, and general know- 
ledge. As a third Polar Expedition 
is preparing, I lose no time in draw- 
ing up the following article, in case 
it may, in a work of such extensive 
circulation as yours, meet the eye of 
some one who may feel sufficient in- 
terest in so important, and so new a 
branch of an unestablished science, as 
to state to the gentlemen of the Ad- 
miralty what, probably, may not have 
occurred in reflecting on so uncom- 
mon a subject, hitherto but little at- 
tended to. 

From circumstances so frequently 
observed, there cannot exist a doubt 
of the reality of the existence of a 
North-West Passage; but supposing 
Behring’s Straits attained to, there is 
every reason for concluding that a firm 
barrier of ice, extending from the 
Asiatic to the American Coast, would 
oppose farther progress. The public 
prints inform us, that an attempt is 
to be made to get on the Hyperbo- 
rean Coast of America, by passing 
through Prince Regent's Inlet, the 
entrance of which is in longitude go” 
West, and 73° 45’ of latitude. It ap- 
pears in the voyage of 1819 that this 
channel was proceeded into as far 
South as latitule 72° 13’, in longitude 
90° 29’ West, where a strong barrier 
of ice prevented getting to the south- 
ward in this direction. This channel 
may be nearly 50 miles in breadth. 
The water is 40 fathoms deep, and 
the ebb-tide sets to the southward and 
westward. All this did not prevent 
the formation of an impenetrable mass 
of ice, under which the tide ebbs and 
flows. 

Captain Franklin found the North 
Coast of America erroneously placed 
on charts, several degrees farther North 
than it ought; and, consequently, the 
open sea, over which he passed on that 
coast, was to be expected in a lati- 
tude so many degrees farther South 
than Regent's Inlet, found frozen across 
on the Sth of August, the height of 


Hints on the Polar Expedition. 


211 


Summer in those dreary regions. Su 
posing the expedition to pass duane 
this channel, and to arrive at i, 
Mine River, it by no means follows 
that the sea continues open thence to 
Mackenzie’s River, and westward, 
along the Hyperborean Coast to Beh- 
ring’s Straits. From Winter-Harbour, 
and from Cape Dundas, the most 
westerly point arrived at, land appear- 
ed in a South, and South-west direc- 
tion, estimated at a distance of 50 
miles ; the intermediate space being 
covered with one continued field of 
very thick ice. This land must con- 
sist of islands, between which and the 
American Northern Coast, it may rea- 
sonably be su that the field of 
a —_ f the —- seen - 
the North Georgian Islands origina 
to the omtieeel, as is meine. they 
must necessarily pass over this ice. 
From these statements it would ap- 
pear, that the probability of arriving 
on the Hyperborean Coast by the tract 
mentioned in the Papers, is, at least, 
problematical. 

I deem it the duty of such as con- 
sider such interesting subjects inti- 
mately, to state what may probably be 
subservient to purposes of public uti- 
lity. From an examination of: the 
chart of the first v , four unex- 
plored channels an dawelin and 
they are formed by the islands named 
Byam Martin, Bathurst, and Cornwal- 
lis. They are nearly as wide as Re- 
gent’s Inlet; and must lead directly 
into the Polar Basin. It has been an 
opinion long entertained, on good 
grounds, that the sea is open in this 
basin. The projected: voyage may 
bring this to a test, and the very re- 
duced degrees of longitude constitut- 
ing the difference between any of these 
channels and Behring’s Straits, may 
be run down in a short time; and 
my some practicable channel, 
eading from the Polar Basin to Beh- 


ring’s Straits, may present itself; while 
the exploring of the Hyperborean 


Coast, from Cape-turn-again to these 
straits, may well be left to the two 
enterprising characters nominated for 
that duty of fatigue. This is suggest- 
ed on the supposition that, as formerly, 
no passage is effected southward 
through Regent’s Inlet. 

Mr. Urban, I recollect hearing in 
the rooms of the Royal Society, an 
interesting conversation on Captain 
Parry’s brilliant discovery of the wor" 

tua 











212 


tual existence of a North-West Mag- 
netic Pole. On my remarking that 
it was deeply to be lamented that the 
pursuit of ulterior prescribed objects 
revented this enterprising Navigator 
— ascertaining the precise site of 
this Pole, or, in other words, the la- 
titude and longitude of the spot where 


the Dipping-needle would found 
to stand perpendicular, or at ninety 


degrees; it was justly observed, that 
this was of onde incalculable import- 
ance to nautical science and com- 
merce, that at an early period, a ship 
must be sent out for éhat express pur- 
pose. Now, Mr. Urban, as nearly as 
the thing can be made out from the 
account of the voyage, this Pole, or 
Magnetic Power, must be situated not 
far from the meridian of 102° West, 
and somewhere between the latitudes 
of 72° and 74°, or probably farther 
North ; as the Dipping-needle in 72° 
45’ 15’ of latitude, and 89° 41’ 42” of 
longitude, stood at 88° 20’ 42”; and 
in 75° 23’ 25” of latitude, and 112° 
29/ 30" of longitude, gave a dip of 88° 
30’ 95”; the West variation in the 
- former being 118° 23’ 37”; and the 
East in the latter, 117° 52/22”. It is 
evident, that when the observer is si- 
tuated on the meridian of the Mag- 
netic Pole, he will be on the line of 
no variation in our hemisphere. By 
moving on this meridian till the nee- 
dle stands at 90°, and by ascertaining 
the exact latitude and longitude of this 
situation, this problem alien to great 
Suture octentific results, will be solved. 
By visiting such accurately ascertained 
spot, at some early future period, it will 
be found that the Dipping-needle will 
not stand perpendicular ¢here, but will 
incline a little to the eastward towards 
the moving magnetic power proeeeding 
slowly in its orbit within the earth, 
and followed by the Magnetic Needle 
on the surface. Had Philosophers of 
former times, who entertained this opi- 
nion under vague and uncertain hy- 
potheses, had the advantage we pos- 
sess in the knowledge of Captain 
Parry's fine discovery, and of the anxi- 
ously-looked for return of the vari- 
ation, they would have laid down, 
from these data, a more perfect theory 
than I have endeavoured to found on 
them. I trust that such as possess 
more talent, though not more zeal 
than I do, will take up a subject in- 
volving the highest national utility. 
Captain Parry, who merits a recom- 


On.the North West Magnetic Pole. 


(March, 


pense far beyond the minor office be- 


stowed on him, may, during the en- 
suing voyage, by a simple process, dis- 
cover whether or not the Magnetic 
Pole, or power, has moved eastward 
from 1819, to the period of trial, I 
trust, in next Summer. I shall state 
the obvious mode of effecting this ob- 


ect. 

: In latitude 72° 45' 15”, and West 
longitude 89° 41’ 42”, there was a dip 
of 88° 26° 42”, and a West variation 
of 118° 23’ 37”. If the Pole be si- 
tuated under the meridian of 102° 
West, this situation is thirteen degrees 
to the eastward of its position. If the 
Discovery-ships are brought nearly as 
possible into this latitude and longi- 
tude, I venture to say, that the dip of 
the needle will be found ¢o exceed 88° 
20’ 42”, because the Magnetic Pole 
will have moved in five years some- 
what eastward, in the direction of the 
position of this latitude and longitude. 
Again, in latitude 74° 40’ 56”, and 
longitude 110° 33’ 59”, there was a 
dip of 88° 29’ 95”, and an East vari- 
ation of 126° 17’ 18”. Now it is evi- 
dent that this situation lies nearly nine 
degrees to the westward of the site of 
the Pole, or magnetic power. By 
placing the ships accurately in the site 
given by this fnelent rom | longitude, 
the dip, it is expected, will be found 
less, a little, than it was in 1819, be- 
cause the Magnetic Pole will have 
moved eastward, and consequently to 
a greater distance from the position of 
the experiment. The difference be- 
tween the dip in London, and that 
found contiguous to the Pole, may be 
taken, on an average, at 18 degrees. 
This proves that the dipping-needle, 
on the whole of the line hom London, 
to the point over the Magnetic Pole, 
invariably points to this pole, or power, 
within the earth. 

In the year 1657 the moving Mag- 
netic Pole was under the meridian of 
London, and on the North side of the 
North Pole of the earth, and both 
Poles being in the plane of the me- 
ridian of London, the necdle pointed 
due North, giving no variation. The 
Magnetic Pole, or Power, continued 
moving westward, followed by a West 
increasing variation, in London, till 
the year 1817, when it éurned east- 
ward, followed by a decreasing West 
variation. I am induced to mention 
this, Mr. Urban, because I gave 1818 
erroncously, as the year when —_ 

ole 








1824.] 


Pole attained its maximum of westing. 
This gives 160 years [fractions cannot 
be given, as observations in this case 
do not admit of this} as the period of 
a quarter-orbit, or 600 years, as the 
whole time of a revolution round the 

le of the earth. In 160 years, from 
1817, the variation will be nothing in 
London, because the Magnetic Pole 
will again be under the meridian of 
London, and directly between it and 
the earth’s North Pole. 

If, Mr. Urban, the New Pole is si- 
tuated under the meridian of 102° 
West, it will in 320 years, from 1817, 
be under the meridian of 102 East. 
This will render its orbit elliptical, 
and account in some measure for its 
inequality of movement, though much 
of that may be ascribed to the action 
of Magnetic strata frequently found to 
produce anomalies in the action of the 
magnetic needle. Let me now apply 
some of these considerations to the 
above curious ex periments, recommend- 
ed strongly to be tried by the very in- 
telligent Commander of the Discovery- 
ships. In the case of the first experi- 
ment, the ships will be 13 degrees 
from the supposed site of the Mag- 
netic Pole in 1819. According to the 
above rate of movement of the Pole, 
in five years, or from 1819 to 1824, 
it will have moved eastward 3° 11’ 
15”, so that the ships will be that 
much nearer to it this year than in 
1819. Now the difference of dip of 
the needle between the longitude 9° 
41’ 42”, and the site of the Magnetic 
Pole, where the dip vanishes, being 
1° 24’, it ought to be found to in- 
crease nearly one fourth part of this, 
if the Pole has moved 3¢ 11’ 15” east- 
ward. From this, it would appear, 
that in latitude 72° 45’ 15”, and lon- 
gitude 8g° 41’ 42”, the dip of the 
needle from 88° 26° 42”, ought to 
be found to have increased to 88° 
47’ 42”. Similar reasoning applies, 
vice versa, to the trial to be made 
on the West side of the Pole. If 
an increase and decrease of dip are 
found relatively in the situations men- 
tioned, they will be sufficient to prove 
the main position; though from ob- 
vious circumstances, they may not 
quite correspond with previous calcu- 
lations. 

Philosophers of former ages who 
have theorised on the present subject, 
without the aid of recent discoveries, 
have invariably reasoned in support of 





On the North West Magnetic Pole. 





213 


the non-solidity of the earth, on sound 
grounds, philosophical as well as 
scriptural ; and on any other supposi- 
tion, a rational theory of the varia- 
tion could not be maintained. Scien- 
tific discoveries now verified, would, 
fifty years ago, have been deemed ab- 
surd. Who would have believed that 
the whole of the Solar System has a 
motion in the direction of the star 
Hercules? that the stars in the south- 
ern hemisphere have a motion south- 
ward? and that those in the northern 
move in the opposite direction? ‘Fhese 
effects have been by some thought a 
deception, arising from inaccuracy of 
observation, from errors in instruments, 
or from modifications of refraction : 
but these objections have been satis- 
factorily answered, excepting the much 
slower movement of the northern, than 
of the southern stars. This, however, 
may be readily accounted for on the 
— of the movement of our So- 
ar System also in a northerly direction. 
From this it is manifest, that the 
whole of the creation moves round a 
centre, which it may well be ima- 
gined to be the peculiar habitation of 
the Deity, and of the souls of the just 
made perfect. 

Not being entirely unknown by name 
to the caligheened Emperor of Russia, 
so eminent as a liberal patron of sci- 
ence, having presented to him my 
works on Tele. raphic Science, on Tac- 
tics, and on the Harmonic System of 
Music, it was my intention to have sug- 
gested to him the great benefit that 
would arise to the new theory of the 
varialion, were scientific men of his 
great empire directed to lay off a true 
meridian on the dine of no variation 
to be found nearly at the 78th degree 
of East longitude ; or, in other words, 
under the meridian of the North-west 
Magnetic Pole. On this line, a West 
variation will be found to commence ; 
but the principal use of it will be to 
ascertain the difference of longitude 
between it and another line of no va- 
riation to be similarly found several 

ears afterwards farther East; as the 
Magnese Pole under the opposite se- 
mimeridian in the northern hemi- 
sphere, will have moved precisely a 
space corresponding with this differ- 
ence of longitude. It is gratifying to 
find that two Russian Ships of Dis- 


covery have sailed round the South 
Frigid Zone, almost always in the high 
antarctic latitude of 6g° 30’ ; being pre- 

vented 








214 


vented by ice from circumnavigating 
nearer to the South Pole. This does 
not augur well to getting to the site 
of the South East Magnetic Pole, 
when that is attempted by sailing 
southward from New Holland, on the 
line of no variation in that hemisphere, 
What then is to be done, should the 
ice stop progress to this Pole? There 
may be a a Let the exact dip 
of the South end of the needle be as- 
certained, where progress is interrupt- 
ed. On the line of no variation in the 
northern hemisphere, let the point of 
similar dip be found, and the distance 
in latitude between this point and the 
ascertained position of the North West 
Magnetic Pole, may be deemed equal 
to the distance intercepted Letween the 
opposing ice, and the South East Mag- 
netic Pole. 

In the detail of the recommended 
experiments, I ought to have men- 
tioned that if the Pole has moved east- 
ward, a small difference will be found 
in the variation ; as the angle formed 
at the place of observation, and by the 
two Poles, will become diminished. 
In alluding to the two Poles, it is al- 
ways to be recollected, that the North 
Pole of the earth has no attraction, or 
any influence whatever over the mag- 
netic needle ; and this is proved by the 
same variation, wherever found in our 
hemisphere, invariably pointing to the 
Magnetic Pole, which would not be 
the case if the North Pole [always use- 
ful as a point of calculating reference] 
participated in this effect. This clearly 
accounts for the variation-lines marked 
with the same variation never crossing, 
because the theory recently laid down, 
shews that they tend to one object, and 
therefore cannot cross; a point hither- 
to unaccounted for. In the southern 
hemisphere, a similar effect is produced 
by the South East Magnetic Pole, the 
exact site of which yet remains to be 
ascertained. Some ingenious attempts 
have been lately made to furnish a ra- 
tionale of the phenomenon of the di- 
urnal variation ascribed, as frequently 
remarked, to the action of solar heat. 
1 am inclined to think [and this may 
be brought to the test of experiment] 
that this daily movement may arise 
more from the effect of solar heat on 
the needle itse/f, than on the Magne- 
tic Pole. The great increase of this 
variation, in Summer, strengthens this 
supposition. Should Captain Parry ef- 
fect a passage through Prince Regent’s 





On the Norih West Magnetic Pole. 





(March, 


Inlet, and leave uneflected the more 
im nt objects explained, still, Mr. 
Ueeen, the wendint of this paper in 
your valuable Magazine, will forcibly 
direct the attention of other able Navi- 
gators to accomplish what science and 
the public interest require to be achieved 
as much more essential than a North- 
west Passage, which can be of little 
value to either commerce or navigation. 

Yours, &e. Joun Macpona.p. 

P.S. As all variation-lines tend to 
the Magnetic Pole, from latitudes and 
longitudes specified, I laid off several 
of these on a chart of the voyage. In 
such a process, from circumstances, 
accuracy of result can hardly be ex- 
pected, as the Magnetic Power does 
not seem to be a poiné, or a line, but 
a body of large diameter, judging from 
dips of near ninety degrees, in distant 
situations. Four of the trials made, 
gave the Pole in West longitude, be- 
tween 100° and 101°; while two others 
pointed to it in g8°. These results 
were furnished by interesting variation. 
lines, and in all the experiments the 
positions were not quite so high as la- 
titude 72°. 

I have just perused the account of 
Captain Franklin’s perilous and me- 
ritorious labours, and find that in la. 
titude 64° 15’ 7”, and longitude 113° 
2’ 39”, the dip of the magnetic needle 
was as much as 87° 20’ 35”. This 
would indicate that the Pole is still 
farther South, and of great magnitude. 
In York-Factory, in latitude 57° 00’ 
03”, and West longitude 92° 26’, the 
variation was 6° 00' 21” East. This 
variation pointed to Prince Regent’s 
Channel, where there was found a 
West variation of 118°, If the Pole 
be situated, as there is reason to sup- 
pose, the variation at Fort York ought 
to have been West. A little to the 
West of Fort York, Captain Franklin 
found the magnetic action completely 
deranged by the ascertained contiguity 
of magnetic strata frequently met with ; 
and it may be probable that such may 
have operated on the needle at Fort 
York. ‘To the Westward of longitude 
102°, this intelligent and enterprising 
officer always found the variation, as 
it might be expected, always East. 


—oe— 
Mr. Ursan, Hereford, March 2. 
[* your Magazine for Feb, 1822, I 
observed a pedigree of the Lucy 


family, on which I wish to make a 
few 





1824.) 


few remarks. The writer informs us 
that *¢ this family is generally said to 
have taken the name of Lucy from a 
maternal ancestor, and that Sir Wm. 
Dugdale proves it paternally descended 
from Gilbert de Grant, son of Bald- 
win, Earl of Flanders, whose sister 
married the Conqueror.” Sir William, 
I make no doubt, is correct, but the 
former conjecture I conceive not to be 
perfectly so. The Lucy family look 
upon Fulbert de Lucy as their founder 
in this Kingdom. fle came in with 
William, and was one of the eight 
Knights, who, under the command of 
Fiennes, built, and had the command 
of the eight towers, erected by them, 
as an additional defence of Dover Cas- 
tle, and afterwards assumed the name 
of de Dover. It therefore surprises 
me that your ingenious Correspond- 
ent, ““N. Y¥.W.G.” has not intro- 
duced Fulbert’s name in his pedigree. 
In the reign of Henry the Second, 
Richard de Lucy was the Lord Chief 
Justice of England, and Protector dur- 
ing the absence of the King in Nor- 
mandy. Originally the arms had three 
luces only; but Richard the First, to 
reward the gallantry of Aymer de Lucy 
at Acon in Palestine, added the cross- 
lets. Richard and Aymer de Lucy 
were descendants of Fulbert de Lucy, 
and consequently the Charlcote family 
must claim him as their founder, as 
they now bear the three luces with 
the crosslets. 

I have now before me a drawing of 
the original coat of arms prior to 
Aymer’s time, and this contains the 
three luces only; this was taken from 
the Tabula Eliensis, and is inserted in 
the Beauties of England. 

Your Correspondent has very pro- 

rly introduced Richard de Lucy, 

ishop of St. David's, in his —. 
He married a Miss Angel, by whom 
he had a large family. There is now 
an immense property in Chancery, 
and estates (some say nearly a mil- 
lion) to which no heir male can be 
found as the issue of this marriage. 

I am maternally descended from the 
Lucy family, and find an interest in 
collecting every historical fact in the 
least degree connected with it, and 
have already made considerable pro- 
gress in my design, and as your Cor- 
respondent seems well acquainted with 
the subject, he would confer a favour 
on me, through your highly valuable 
publication, by informing me from 


Lucy Family.—Sainthill Family. 


215 


what sources I may draw additional 
information. .H. 
P.S. 1 cannot discover where Ful- 
bert de Lucy was buried, perhaps your 
Correspondent could inform me. 


Mr. Ursan, March 3. 

os at present occupied on a 

work of rather a local nature, re- 
specting the County of Devon, I avail 
myself of your extensive circulation to 
make some inquiries respecting the 
family of Sainthill, in which I flat- 
ter myself your Devon friends will be 
able to assist me. 

The Sainthills, or, as they were an- 
tiently named, Swenthulls, are a Nor- 
man family, who probably came over 
with the early invaders, and had the 
manor of Sainthill and other posses- 
sions in Devon given for their services. 
Sir Walter Swenthill represented Exe- 
ter and the County in nine Parliaments 
of Edward II. and III. Peter Saint- 
hill of Bradninch, who died 1571, left 
two sons, the eldest of whom, Peter, is 
now represented by George Pearse, 
esq. of Bradninch; and the younger 
John, who settled at Morton, by Cap- 
tain Sainthill, R. N. of Topsham, end 
now residing in Ireland. I am unable 
to ascertain where this Morton was. 
I have tried Moretonhamstead, and 
Moreton near Whitechurch. In 


Mudge’s Map there is a Morton laid 
down in the “7 of Peahembury, 


near Bradninch; but they deny that 
there is any such place in the parish, 
and say the Colonel was mistaken. It 
is, however, clearly written Morion in 
the original MS. of the Visitation of 
1620, Harleian, 1163; and in the 
Harleian MSS. 1091, the family of 
Charles of Morton is mentioned. - If 
any of — Correspondents should 
have a large Map of Devon of that 
period, it might determine the locality 
of Morton. 

Rev. William Sainthill, only child 
of the above John Sainthill, was ap- 
pointed Vicar of Hennock in 1611, 
and died there 1645. He had nine 
sons. Edward, the eldest, died at 
Exeter, without issue. Walter, of 
Exeter, whose children left no de- 
scendants. Bartholomew, of Hen- 
nock, whose family were still living 
there about 1730. 

In his will, William Sainthill leaves 
legacies also, “‘ to his son William and 
his son; to his son Thomas and his 
children; to his son John and his 

wife ; 











216 


wife; to his son Richard’s children ; 
to his sons Nicholas and Peter.” 

No residences are mentioned to the 
last six sons, or their families. I should 
feel extremely obliged by any informa- 
tion on this point also from your Anti- 
quarian Correspondents in Devon, who 
have access to parish registers. 

Nicholas Sainthill, a grandson of 
the Rector, was settled with his wife 
Elizabeth at Topsham at the Restora- 
tion. They were not married there ; 
and I should be glad to learn where 
they were; and the maiden name of 


his wife? J. M. 
—@— 


On THe InrLueNnce oF PLAce AND 
Circumstances On THE Deve- 
LOPEMENT OF GENIUS. 

(Concluded from p. 135.) 

, -— genius is quickened, and its 

powers determined to action by 

a fortunate concurrence of events, or 

a congenial assemblage of Nature’s 

scenery, acting upon certain minds, 

has been very long felt and acknow- 
ledged by many who have experienced 
its power and capricious returns. It 
has been objected to Addison's well- 
known remark, ‘‘ that any continuous 
sound, such as the fall of water, or the 
music of birds, awakens every moment 
the mind of the beholder, and makes 
him increasingly attentive to rural 
beauties ;” that such sounds of agree- 
able melody are rather calculated to 
lull to re , than awaken the lucu- 
brator. But if, under some peculiar 
conjunctures, this may be actually the 
case, it is certain that in the majority 
of cases a happy sublimity of aspect or 
arrangement of beauty in associated 
scenery, or a soothing melody of 
sounds, begets active thought, and so- 
lemnizes to an unusual capacity of at- 
tention. We will familiarly illustrate 
this point. Imagine a traveller of 
susceptible energies and cultivated 
mind, to be pursuing his journey 
through some singularly romantic 
country, richly diversified with agree- 
able objccts, both of art and of nature, 
disposed in the varied alternations of 
mountain and dell—he leaves the 
village where he had halted for the 
night, and slowly winds up the steep, 
in order to gain the summit of those 
hills in whose bosom, and beneath 
whose shelter, it lies concealed. The 
morning star has gilded the mountain 
tops with the bright glow of a serene 





Influence of Time and Place in developing Genius. 





(March, 


and cloudless day, and tinged the che- 
quered scenery, and the diversified order 
of vegetation, with an aspect of exqui- 
site and soul-expanding beauty. Atonce 
mountainous and fertile, the bold pro- 
montory which occasionally shoots 
across his road, and the barren and 
stony heath which ever and anon 
broke into abrupt precipices, covers its 
surface, and presents to the eye an as- 
ct of rudeness and of desolation, is 
nely relieved by the groves and ver- 
dant pastures which stretch at certain 
intervals on the other side of the pic- 
ture, and animate and fertilize the 
whole. The woody knoll and thorny 
brake, with here and there a half con- 
cealed cottage of the rustic ntry, 
interspersed through the landscape, 
form a proper contrast to the eye in 
search after beauty; and while the 
wide extent of territory which stretches 
on either hand beneath him, glows 
with the animating aspect which 
marks the character of rural content 
and human industry, stern Nature, 
rising behind him in_ precipitous 
steeps, throws over the associated 
lendbaage an impress of sublimity and 
wildness which at once shades the 
picture, and elevates the sentiments 
of the individual who contemplates 
it. Awakened and inspired with 
the scene, the traveller stops and 
gazes upon the glowing and animated 
objects which in chequered variety 
lie mapped before him. The moun- 
tain rills, swollen by recent rains into 
torrents, precipitate their murmur- 
ing cascades at his feet, while their 
brawling continuity of sound disturbs 
not that disposition for reverie which 
steals over the faculties of his soul, 
but with its soothing monotony rather 
aids and stimulates the meditative ex- 
cursions of his thoughts.—Irresistibly 
caught by the beauty and novelty of 
the rural images which open upon 
his soul, our traveller feels his heart 
expand and his imagination widen to 
conceptions of beauty, and possibly to 
moral sentimeuts before unfelt and un- 
thought of. Perchance the deep tones 
of the village bell rising in the gale, 
sometimes striking the ear with mea- 
sured cadence,—sometimes lost in the 
distance, imparts to the feelings of this 
supposed spectator an intense solemnity 
of interest which begets in him other 
views and perceptions than he is wont 
to feel; his mind dilates with pleasure, 
and if it not yet experiences the powers 
it 











'r7 1 ew &aw ya 


_ 


sos 6 


Sere VTt we ae Fe eS ews Ww 


1824.] Influence of Time and Place in developing Genius. 217 


it feels something like the enthusiasm 
of genius rise within him.—As he 
gazes around, trains of thought and of 
reverie animate his soul, which seem 
to have had no previous existence. So 
far from slumbering in lethargy, his 
active intellectual powers are quicken- 
ed and invigorated to conceptions of 
fancy, and ultimately to sentiments 
which may arise out of these concep- 
tions, leading to other and higher 
a than had previously actuated 

im. 

Let us reverse this ideal picture. 
—Suppose the same individual, with 
like energies, capacities, and suscepti- 
bilities of thinking, to be travelling 
through a track of country whose pro- 
minent features were in all respects 
the reverse of those first imagined,—a 
sterile uniformity of production drawn 
over a level uninteresting plain, such 
for instance, as often characterizes a 
Chinese landscape, or a scene of 
Asiatic Russia, delineating an assem- 
blage of rural objects of sombre mono- 
tony,—and his faculties, instead of be- 
ing stimulated to active exercise, sink 
into a sort of sullen vacancy ; the images 
which before spoke to the heart and 
fancy, are withdrawn; and if the 
ee of associating and imagining 
forms, excited under the former cir- 
cumstances, be not wholly withdrawn, 
it a ee oo oS 
not wholly imaginary,—and that the 
are not, aap te sufficiently fee 
from consulting the evidence of expe- 
rience,—it may appear, perhaps, that 
Helvetius, however on other points 
mistaken, advanced a position per- 
fectly admissible, when fe contended 
that chance has often a necessary 
and considerable influence upon our 
education, which of course may be 
said to embrace the openings of Ge- 
nius. 

That Genius, or the capacity of ul- 
timately attaining it, is irregular in its 
impulses on the human mind, may 
further receive an illustration from 
the term in the life of mau in which 
it is often wont to display itself. 

These occasional displays assuredly 
add support to the doctrine of Place 
and Circumstance being concerned in 
its developement. It is notorious to 
all who are deeply read in the history 
of Arts, Literature, and Philosophy, 
that many characters, of which the 


Gent. Mac. March, 1824. 


4 


biography of almost every period will 
furnish examples, have risen to a 
standard of decided eminence in their 
various walks late in life, after the 
term in which Genius is usually pre- 
dicated has expired. This fact might 
be abundantly illustrated we the fact 
being proved, the corollary conse- 
quent upon it must follow) from 
other writers, but a few bearing upon 
the point, may be not inappropriately 
cited from M. Helvetius. — ‘“ How 
many great minds,” he exclaims, in 
the 3d chapter of his ‘De |'Esprit,” 
‘are confounded among people of 
moderate capacity for want of a cer- 
tain tranquillity,—the question of a 
gardener, or the fail of an apple!” 
(alluding to the circumstances which 
respectively prompted Gallileo and 
Newton to engage in inquiries of 
high importance.) ‘* Plato,” he adds, 
** would never antes posterity have 
acquired half the celebrity which in 
every age since his own has accompa- 
nied his name, had he not accidentally 
heard a discourse of Socrates; when, 
leaving his former pursuits, he thence- 
forward attached himself to the nobler 
pursuits of get 5 ar tg meg 
another Greek philosopher, from a 
wood-cutter, was formed to the love 
and practice of science, from an acci- 
dental meeting with Democritus ;— 
Xenocrates, who in the early part of 
life was dull and inanimate, and gave 
no signs of genius, yet afterwards rose 
to fame and eminence; and Polemo, 
his pupil, from attending an acciden- 
tal lecture in his school, imbibed a 
noble emulation in the walks of know- 
ledge, and became a sage eminent for 
his wisdom and erudition.”—The fro- 
lics of dissolute youth were the first oc- 
casion, as he very pertinently remarks, 
of the unfoldings of Shakspeare’s ge- 
nius, and of the subsequent pinnacle 
of fame to which he rose. ‘*The 
course of my life,” says a philosopher, 
“is nothing more than a long course 
of education.” 

The dullness of youth, and the in- 
difference which in early years the in- 
dividual often shews to active and in- 
telligent exercise of the mind, is as- 
suredly no just and unerring criterion 
of the future expansion of the intellec- 
tual powers; as the term of youth has 
not unfrequently expired long ere ei- 
ther the disposition or the capacity 

have 











218 Influence of Teme and Place in developing Genius. 


have elicited symptoms of his rising 
to distinction among hijs contempo- 
raries. 

It is, however, equally notorious 
that others whe have shone in the an- 
nals of fame have evinced so early and 
intuitive an aptitude in rising to ex- 
cellence, that the bright perceptions 
of Genius seem indigenous, and to 
need no stimulating medium to ex- 
cite them. 

The late President West, on whose 
abilities no culogium is ‘here needed, 
Hundel, Haydn, and Mozart, toge- 
ther with a variety of other illustrious 
names which might swell the cata- 
logue, have at a very early age 
evinced an irresistible propensity to 
that art which was afterwards to im- 
mortalize their names *. 

In the latter case, we can only con- 
clude that Nature, capriciously lavish 
in her gifts, and often anomalous in 
her productions, had implanted a fa- 
culty which from its own internal 
impulse, without other aid, was ca- 
pable of rising to distinction ; where- 
as in the former, the ambition inhe- 
rent in the human mind is fostered 
and strengthened, seeing that through 
the aid of perseverance, industry, and 
many mediums of excellence, the same 
standard of thinking, the same noble 
flow of ideas, the same energy and fire 
of composition, has been successfully 
attained. 

Upon a review of this subject in its 
details, some of which the present es- 
say has attempted to illustrate, upon 
considering the exigencies and the ha- 
bits of Genius, it will unquestionabl 
appear that THAT emulative principle 
of ambition which points to fame, 
which prompts to excellence, and 
which very frequently acquires it, is 
in truth, as Helvetius and others have 
taught, inherent in that enthusiasm 
which hurries men to the ardent pur- 
suit of certain things, and thus opens 
the way to their real acquisition. 

This, however, by no means recog- 





* At the early age of little more than 
six, West gave abundant earnest of his as- 
tonishing powers,—powers that were after- 
wards, in their maturity, to reflect the 
highest credit on the conceptions of Bri- 
tish genius, and entail indelible glory on 
the country which gave him birth. (See 
his Life.) Handel and Mozart respectively 
gave signs of the most extraordinary pre- 
cocity in the science to which they attached 
themselves. 





[March, 


nizes the hypothesis, degrading to the 
nature of thinking agents, which traces 
all our mental impulses, all our aspira- 
tions of thought, to the mere operation 
of sordid matter,—a position in meta- 
physics which will scarcely, upon the 
name and authority of its author, ob- 
tain general credence, opposed as it is 
to every generous feeling of the soul.— 
The French philosopher, dogmatical as 
he often is in his assumptions, cannot, 
with all the specioys sophistry of his 
arguments, hide the manifest incon- 
gtuity of some of his postulates. It is 
manifest, that when systems of uni- 
versal import come mixed up with 
theories pernicious in their tendency, 
so far as they are destructive of those 
purer emanations which ally our na- 
ture to beings of a superior rank and 
order, it becomes the duty of every 
one who thinks for himself, and who 
admits the truth of a few only of his 
positions, distinctly to identify the 
exact proportion of distance he would 
be understood to accompany him, and 
to distinguish between what is conso- 
nant with the immutable principles of 
things, and what is the result of false 
reasoning, of superficial views, and of 
false vonclusions. 

There seems, on the other hand, 
both upon a comprehensive view and 
a careful analysis of the exhibitions of 
Genius, to exist sufficient nds for 
asserting the genuineness of the theory 
of Reynolds, in a limited sense,—that 
positive, absolute Genius frequently 
awaits the patient endeavours of per- 
severing industry, although it must be 
as peremptorily denied that they al- 
ways conduct to this bright eminence. 
No infallible rules have indeed ever 
yet been propounded for its attain- 
ment. 

Helvetius is by no means correct in 
maintaining that in all men it is con- 
secutive upon moral perceptions, a pe- 
culiar excitement of enthusiasm, and 
other contingent: sources,—as while 
some attain its highest immunities, 
which are early indigenous in their 
minds, others, under every allotment 
of circumstance, remain impervious to 
its calls. There is, however, some- 
thing abundantly consolatory in the 
reflection that it is by no means be- 
yond the reach of understandings 
which have before passed current for 
nothing above the ordinary standard 
of mortals, E. P. 

Melksham, March 2. 


Mr. 











1824.] 


Chapel House, 

Mr. Ursay, Hounslow, March 13: 

HE fine old mansion, called Green- 
street, in the parish of East Ham, 
Essex, having been the residence of 
King Henry the Eighth, and his Queen 
Anne Boleyn, I, with my worthy triend 
the Rev. W. D. was induced to vi-~ 
sit it a few days since. 

At our request the venerable proprie- 
tor of the estate, William Morley, esq. 
most politely granted us admittance, and 
himself attended us through the house 
and grounds, stating several interest- 
ing particulars, which I now commu- 
nicate to you; my reason for doing so 
is to correct an error in Mr. Lysons’s 
“Environs of London,” an error at 
which Mr. Morley appeared much vex- 
ed. Mr. Lysons, in the above work, 
says, “‘ There is a tradition that Queen 
Anne Boleyn was confined in the 
Tower at Greenstreet, but an inspec- 
tion of the Tower will at once shew 
that it has been erected since that 
time.” If Mr. Lysons, before he made 
this statement, had inquired of Mr, 
Morley, that gentleman would have 
told him that he repaired the Tower 
about 20 years ago, the top of which 
was entirely demolished, and which 
reparation would have accounted to 

r. L. for its modern appearance. 

My friend Mr. D. thinks it has been 
built about 300 years, which opinion 
singularly coincides with an anecdote 
Mr. Morley related : it is this; Anne 
Boleyn was betrothed to a young No- 
bleman who died. About 10 months 
after his death, the King demanded 
her hand; she, as was the custom, re- 
quested to be allowed to complete the 
twelvemonth of mourning for her 
lover, to which Henry agreed, and for 
her amusement built the tower in 
question, from which she had a fine 
view of the Thames from Greenwich 
to below Gravesend. 

The room in the third story of the 
Tower was formerly hung with lea- 
ther, richly decorated with gold, which 
Mr. Morley’s predecessor avariciously, 
almost wickedly burnt, to collect 'the 
gold, which she sold for 30/. She also 
sold the lead from the roof, which Mr. 
M. has now covered with copper. 

I write the following from the au- 
thority of Mr. Morley—“ It is said in 
one of the histories of England, but 
which I forget, that Anne Boleyn was 
taken from Greenstreet to Greenwich, 
and from thence to the Tower.” ‘I 
have seen a letter in the hand-writing 





Greenstreet Hall, Essex.—Mrs,. Garrick. 





219 


of Henry in the library of Oxford, 
Cambridge, or the British Museum, 
but which I cannot remember, dated 
from Greenstreet.”” “I have lived upon 
this estate fifty years, and my predeces- 
sor, Mr. Barnes, more than itty.” No- 
ticing some fine bunches of misletoe 
upon different trees in the nds, I 
inquired of Mr. M. the e of pro- 
pagating that beautiful plant. Mr. M. 
does it by taking one of the berries at 
Christmas, and pressing it against a 
tree, to which it adheres by its visr 
cous juice, and becomes a plant. 

Mr. Morley is a surprisingly active 
man of his age, being considerabl 
above eighty years old, and has drun 
ng but water for the last for 
years, holding the same opinion wi 
some of the ancients, and I believe 
moderns also, that all strong liquors 

rematurely exhaust the energies of the 

y and mind. W. Baroweun. 


—@— 

Mr.Ursan, M. Temple, March 8. 
HE following anecdote is too cre- 
ditable to the Lady who figures 
in it to remain buried in the obscurity 
of Governor Thickness’s ridiculous 
quarrel with Dr. James Makittrick, 

which was published in 1788. 
Yours, &c. Carapoc. 


In the year 1740, Mrs. Garrick, 
then the admired Madame Violetté, 
was at Bath, and though I had not 
then nor since the pleasure of being 

rsonally known to her, I never saw 

er but with admiration; her personal 
beauty, and the delicate manner of her 
dress, could not but attract attention, I 
mean not frippery or finery, but rather 
the reverses mentioning that — 
woman to Lady Vane, who perhars 
was the next woman in the King- 
dom to be admired on account cf 
taste in dress, &c. she agreed with 
me, and added, her breeding also cor- 
responds with her external appear- 
ance. ‘f Are you then, Madame,” 
said I, “ acquainted with. Madame 
Violeué?” “ No, I male but she 
alwa °s me with reeding, 
chee, | that well-bred people > 
tray that even as they pass strangers. 
This just observation struck me ex+ 
ceedingly, I had often observed it in 
the late ke of Hamilton, when he 


strangers in the public walks; 
Ls Rady Vane could oes bat-netion 


Madame Violetté’s polished manners, 
as most of the un-fly-Llown wives and 
misses 











Se tell oe 


— 


220 


misses usually passed her with a 
toss of the head, or a look of con- 
tempt, though perhaps at the bottom 
of the mixture there might have been 
ound a few grains of envy. 

During Madame Violetté’s stay at 
Bath, Mr. Nash was desired to take 
her out to dance a minuet, and cer- 
tainly her dancing there at that time 
was considered by all well bred per- 
sons as a favour. She was accordingly 
the first lady asked, after those of pre- 
cedence had danced; and then ‘she 
danced a minuet, as void of any flou- 
rishes, as it was full of grace and ele- 
gance; but behold! the next lady 
asked, refused! What! dance after 
Madame Violetté? Mr. Nash took 
care she should not dance then, nor 
at any subsequent ball, and Miss re- 
turned to her Papa, an Ironmonger 
at Salisbury, without shewing the 
beaux of Bath what an ear she had 
for the musicks, for Miss had learnt 
to play upon the spinnet as well as the 
spinning- wheel. 


Mr.Ursan, Lloyd's, March 6. 
HEN the American War was 
at its height, business occa- 
sioned my arrival at’ New Orleans, in 
the River Missisippi, when I was 
presented by Lieut-gov. —s to 
the Gov. Don Galvez at his Levee. 
Whilst waiting for the purpose, I no- 
ticed a picture over the fire-place bear- 
ing the representation of an Island, 
either on dre from its intestine divi- 
sions, or having the last rays of the 
setting sun over it. I could not be 
mistaken that the Island of Britain 
was intended, for the fleet at anchor 
carried the colours of my country. I 
also saw two fleets “‘in the offing,” 
bearing the colours of France and 
Spain. On the fore-ground of the pic- 
ture were to be seen the Genius of 
France and that of Spain, congratu- 
lating each other on the occasion ; 
known by the shields the two females 
bore of the arms of their respective 
countries. When the great man ap- 
peared under his canopy of state, I 
went up and was introduced, not 
with the most pleasing sensations on 
my mind; and recollecting the circum- 
stance at this time, I cannot but con- 
trast it with the liberal, judicious, and 
praise-worthy conduct of our Minis- 
ters, as by their correspondence just 
published this day relative to South 
America. 





Remarks on the Death of Richard II. 





(March, 


May the /itt/e Island be long Great 
in her resources—her commerce, and 
her political conduct. 

**State the account fairly” (for a 
balance-sheet is at last become a pa- 
per in the hands of Ministers, so suit- 
able to be so for a commercial nation), 
and we shall find, after the balance is 
struck, that candour and generosity are 


in favour of ** Johnny Bull.” T.W 
—--@— 
Mr. Ursan, March 17. 


1 Correspondent H. R. D. 
having made some remarks* on 
the letters which appeared in your 
Miscellany for September and Octo- 
ber last, relative to the death of Ri- 
chard the Second, I am induced to 
notice his communication ; but as the 
subject is nearly exhausted, I shall do 
so - briefly - possible. " 

purpose ss over the important 
nicloation he affords us, on “the 
Crown fell from the house of Lancas- 
ter to that of York,” presuming that 
it is not particularly new to your read- 
ers; and I shall not offer any thing 
against ‘‘its being believed by many 
that Richard was poisoned,” because 
I confess I never heard of such a 
surmise before I met with your Cor- 
respondent's remarks, to whom I leave 
it to defend the conjecture. Nor 


am I ae to say a syllable in 
defence of Hen the’ Fourth, whom 
he describes, an 


I believe truly as 
being without “ scruples or lenity,” 
for if he will take the trouble to refer 
to my letters, he will find that I do 
not rest any part of my former argu- 
ment on Henry's denity, but solely on 
what his interests obviously dictated. 
If, as H.R. D. states, it was intended 
to poison Richard, but that his ‘ti- 
morous caution” prevented it, I beg 
to ask him in what way a prisoner can 
be thus cautious, excepting by a re- 
fusal of food? Whilst he tacitly ad- 
mits the assertions of many writers that 
Richard declined sustenance is correct, 
he inconsistently denies that he died 
either from forcible or voluntary ab- 
stinence, because the Prince's face, 
when exhibited at Cheapside, did not, 
as he asserts, indicate that such was 
the cause of his demise; whereas, even 
if murdered by Exton, the effect of the 
** timorous caution ” would surely have 
been visible on his countenance, for it 





* Supplement, p. 539. 
must 


we *0°0 So oc oo 


V 
. 
t 
s 
| 
‘ 
‘ 
‘ 
1 
1 
‘ 
1 
. 





1824.] 


must have been persevered in suffi- 
ciently long to allow a messenger to 
from Pomfret to London and re- 
tarn, a space of at least ten days ora 
fortnight *. : 
I must also notice another inconsis- 
tency which your Correspondent has 
committed: he asks, ‘‘ What then is 
there to urge against the common be- 
lief that he fell by the pole-axe of Ex- 
ton?” Now, eivoneh he willingly 
alludes to the exhibition of Richard's 
body, the precise state of which must 
to us be a very doubtful point, to dis- 
rove his having been starved to death, 
e carefully refrains from noticing the 
convincing evidence afforded by the 
examination of his skull in contradic- 
’ tion to the “common belief.” To- 
wards the conclusion of his letter, he 
kindly advises us ‘to take the report 
of history, and the dictates of common 
sense, for our guides on such disputed 
points.” I therefore beg to inquire 
what there is contradictory to common 
sense in supposing that a young man 
should, under the circumstances in 
which Richard was placed, abandon 
himself to despair; your Correspond- 
ent says, that when he was imprisoned, 
he was ‘strong and healthy,” I am 
not aware of one single authority 
which supports this assertion, and 
should be glad to be told whence he 
derived his information ; for it-is the 
impression on my mind that the MS. 
‘ of Creton+ asserts the contrary to have 
been the fact. Unfortunately he is 
not more correct in stating that “ the 
loss of the Crown is known to have 
had little effect on Richard's mind ;” 
for the MS. just cited, and which it is 
manifest H. R. D. has not seen (but 
which, in kindness, I intreat him to 
consult before he again favours us 
with his remarks on this subject) ex- 
pressly says, that when he heard the 
attempt to restore him to the throne 
was overthrown, “‘ he was so vexed at 
heart by this evil news, that he neither 
ate nor drank from that hour,” &c. 
Your Correspondent lays great stress 
on the authority of Froissart, and par- 
ticularly relative to Henry’s going to 
confession ‘ after the week’s work, 
which included the murder of Richard, 
was finished.” On this passage I must 
offer a few observations; first, with 
respect to the authority of Froissart 





* Vide, vol. xci. p. 317. 
+ Archaologia, vol. XX. 





Remarks on the Death of Richard II. 





221 


generally, I beg to remind your readers 
that so informed was this Chronicler 
of what related to Richard, that he 
makes his death to have happened in 
the Tower of London, and actually 
gives the words which occurred be- 
tween Henry LV. and his prisoner in 
that fortress on the morning the for- 
mer set out to oppose the insurrection 
of Salisbury, when it is unquestionable 
that Richard was then a prisoner at 
Pomfret ; in the next place I must ask 
H. R. D. for a reference to the edition 
and page of Froissart’s Chronicles, 
which contains his quotation about 
Henry’s confession, as I have con- 
sulted the editions of 1518 and 1559— 
61, as well as John’s translation, with- 
out finding any such 44% For the 
sake of confuting H. R. D. I will for 
a moment admit that such a remark 
exists,—it is evident, however, that 
the week's work preceding Henry’s su 
confession, could not include 
the murder of Richard ; for, as I take 
it for granted he means, by the ** week’s 
work,” the execution of Salisbury and 
some of his adherents, he would have 
found, had he attentively perused the 
letters on which he offers his opinion, 
that the deposed Monarch did not die 
until more than four weeks after the 
death of Salisbury. But as Froissart 
—— to be the authority on which 
- R. D. most relies, it is right I 
should state that this Chronicler begins 
the chapter in which he treats of Ri- 
chard’s death thus: A true report 
was current in London of the death of 
Richard ; ** La cause comment ce fut, 
ne par quelle incidence point ie ne la 
sauoye au jour que i’escriuy ces Chro- 
niques.” 
his important admission it did not 
suit the object of your candid Corre- 
spondent to cite. Nor is this all; for 
in several places Froissart makes Henry 
expressly say, after Salisbury’s conspi- 
racy had been defeated, ‘I will aever 
put him to death, and unless he enters 
into plots against me, I will keep my 
word that no bodily harm shall befal 
him ;” and this writer goes on to state, 
that when Henry was again reminded 
of the expediency of removing him, 
‘**he made no reply, but went to his 
falconers, and placing a falcon on his 
wrist, forgot all in feeding him.” I 
should apologize for saying so muclr 
about Froissart, on whose authority, as 
I have before said, I place but little 
reliance, were it not for its being de- 
sirable, 














222 


sirable, when a fact is said to rest on 
any particular writer, that his eract 
words should be placed before the 

ublick, and that a quotation should 
be compared with the context. 

One remark of H. R. D. only re- 
mains to be noticed. ‘Nor did any 
one in the long disputes which this 
event created between the Houses of 
York and Lancaster, ever attempt to 
go against the known facts so much as 
to relieve the House of Henry from the 
disgrace of the murder, though that 
must have been a stronger aid to it 
than a whole field of soldiers armed in 

roof.” Tam not quite sure, Mr. Ur- 
_ that I understand this passage ; 
but I suppose your Correspondent, by 
*« go against known facts,” means that 
no historian who wrote whilst the 
House of Lancaster swayed the sceptre, 
contradicts the account of Richard’s 
being murdered. If this be his mean- 
ing, it is worthy of some attention, for 
the hope of gratifying the reigning Mo- 
narch, may be fairly supposed to have 
influenced the pens of English writers; 
but it is by no means conclusive, for 
the line of Lancaster terminated in 
1461, and Fabian, who is almost the 
only historian of the 15th century that 
states Richard was murdered by Exton, 
was scarcely born in that year, whilst 
Walsingham, who flourished at the pe- 
riod in question, and, according to Nis 
biographers, was appointed historiogra- 
pher royal in 1440, assigns his demise 
to grief. Hardyng, who attributes it to 
starvation by his keepers, is therefore 
perhaps the only English writer con- 
temporary with the House of Lancas- 
ter in support of Richard’s having died 
by violence, and consequently it is to 
him alone that H.R. D.’s observation 
is applicable ; but considering the state 
of the kingdom when he wrote, it is 
as probable that he should have been 
under the influence of the house of 
York as of the reigning Monarch. It 
is true that the majority of French 
writers of that period are on the side 
of the murder; but the same motive 
which your Correspondent suggests as 
being likely to have induced the Eng- 
lish Chroniclers to deny Henry’s ile 
may be ee to have ca the 
French toblacken his characteras much 
as possible, for the Court of France was 
naturally indignant at Richard’s depo- 
sition. One French writer, Creton*, 


* Archeologia, vol. XX. cited in the 
former letters. 





Remarks on the Death of Richard 11. 


(March, 


however, on the authority of a 

in England at the rane infonten ae 
that he died of grief; and Froissart 
himself, who was also a contemporary, 
and who is so much relied on by HRD 
does not, as I have shown, b any 
means state or even infer that Richard 
was murdered. Most subsequent his. 
torians have copied from the writers 
alluded to in this letter; and as we 
have examined, though cursorily, the 
chief sources of their information, I 
now ask your Correspondent what is 
the value of the “report of history,” 
or where is the “known fact,” 
which he advises us to be implicitly 
guided ? 

Your readers, Mr. Urban, are, I 
flatter myself, convinced that the ob- 
ject of my former communication was 
not, as fl. R. D. politely insinuates, 
merely “to display a little ingenuity ;” 
and in conclusion, I take leave to 
assure him not only that he runs no 
risk, from his Historical Remarks, of 
incurring such an imputation, but that 
whatever his own opinion may be, he 
has not quite monopolized all the 
**common sense” which has been 
brought to the consideration of the 

uestion of Richard the Second’s death. 

s the best apology I can offer for tres- 
ay, so long on your readers, I 
think I may promise them that I shall 
not again require their indulgence on 
this subject. Ciionas. 

Having, in consequence of this let- 
letter, had occasion to turn to my for- 
mer ones, I beg to notice the following 
errata : 

P. 197, 1. 31, for 180, read 175.— 
P. 195, 1. 30, for have been attributed, 
read has been.— Ibid. 1. 37, for rest 


on, read rests on. 


—@-— 
FLY LEAVES.—No. XVII. 
Literary Contracts continued. 


ILLIAM HAVARD contract- 
ed 23 March, 1736, with John 
Watts to sell for sixty pounds the 
right in “‘ the copy of a tragedy inti- 
tuled King Charles the First, an histo- 
tical tragedy :” first acted at the Lin- 
coln’s Inn Fields Theatre, by Gifford’s 
company on Ist of March, and repeat- 
ed during the season, nineteen nights. 
Aaron Hill sold, 18 Nov. 1728, to 
W. R. Chetwood, for forty guineas, 
** the copy of a tragedy intituled Ki 
Henry the Fifth, or the Conquest ‘ot 
France by the English.” It was acted 
at 





= 











en 








1824.] 
at Drury Lane Theatre, the 5th Dec. 
of that year, and four following nights, 
but not again repeated. Chetwood 
sold to Watts a half share the day he 

rchased for twenty guineas, and in 

Jarch 1728, the other moiety for five 
pounds. 

George Kearsly, the bookseller, sold 
1 Oct. 1777, for fre pounds, a ** fourth 
share of the Grecian Daughter.” This 
tragedy was first acted at Drury Lane 
Theatre the 26th May, 1772. 

Edward Kimber received, 23 Jan. 
1767, five guineas, being, with ten re- 
ceived before, in wae - copy- 
right of the Peerage of Ireland. 

Mary Lodwix received, 13 Sept. 
1750, three guineas for the whole copy- 
right of Mrs. Phillips’ Letter to Lord 
Chesterfield. 

P. Luckombe, in Jan. 1780, was 
paid twenty guineas for the Tour 
through Ireland. 

James Miller ‘‘ of Wadham College, 
Oxford,” on 18 Nov. 1729, for eighty 

nds, sold ‘the copy of a comedy, 
intituled The Humours of Oxford, 


‘ &c. or by whatsoever other title it 


shall be called, written by the said 
James Millar, to have and to hold— 
notwithstanding any act or law to the 
contrary.” It was first acted at Drury 
Lane Theatre 9 Jan. 1730, and re- 
peated for six more successive nights 


only. 

The same author, on the 18th of 
‘May, 1743, then “ living at Chelsea,” 
in consideration of one hundred and 
twenty-five pounds, assigned to Watts 
“the four following copies, viz. : The 
first entituled, Mahomet, or the Im- 

tor, a tragedy; the second entituled, 

t won't do, a comedy; the third en- 
tituled, The Fair Hypocrite, a comedy 
of one act; the fourth entituled, The 
Cuckold, a comedy of one act, or 
otherwise, will be entituled The Pic- 
ture, or Cuckold in Conceit, a comedy 
of one act, altered from Moliere. To 
have, &c. for ever, any Law or Act of 
Parliament, or clause, matter, or thing, 
contained in any such Act of Parlia- 
ment to the contrary thereof in any 


, wise notwithstanding.” Neither the 
second nor third pieces are mentioned 


in the lists of the works of this author. 

Arthur Murphy received, in Nov. 
1773, one hundred guineas for the 
tragedy of Alzuma, reserving the li- 
berty of printing same in volumes with 
the rest of his works. 

James Ralph, on 3d March, 1729, 
for twenty-five guineas sold John 


Fly Leaves.—Literary Contracts. 
Watts “the copy of a play call’d The 


223 


Fashionable dy, or Harlequin’s 
Opera, in the manner of a rehearsal.” 

is was written for the Theatre in 
Goodman’s Fields. 

The same author, in October 1733, 
assigned to Watts for twenty-five gui- 
neas, “the copy of a comedy intituled 
Timon in Love, or the Innocent 
Theft ; and also the full and sole right 
and title of, in, and to the copy of a 
farce or opera, intituled The Gallant 
Schemers, or the Footmen Fortune- 
Hunters, both written by the said 
James Ralph, gent. to have,” &c. 
Timon in co was acted at Drury 
Lane Theatre on the 5th and 6th of 
Dec. 1733, and for the benefit of the 
author on the 8th, but not afterwards 
repeated. It has been erroneously at- 
tributed, by the historians of the drama, 
to John Kelly. The title of the Gal- 
lant Schemers is only known by an 
incidental mention in the Grub-street 
Journal, and was probabl composed 
for the Goodman’s Fields Theatre. 

Lewis Theobald, for one hundred 
guineas, on 3ist of July, 1728, sold 
to Watts “the copy of a play, inti- 
tuled Double Falshood, or the Dis- 
trest Lovers, written originally by W. 
Shakspeare, and now revised and adapt- 
ed to the stage by the said Lewis Theo- 
bald, gent. the author of Shakspeare 
Restor’d, to have,” &c. This play was 
first performed at Drury Lane Theatre 
the 13 Dec. 1727, and continued for 
nine more successive nights *, when 
it was most properly consigned by the 
managers to the tomb of the Capulets. 
However, our antient acquaintance, 
the late Mr. Thomas Hall, went 
raking in the charnel house, and on 
the 6th of Ma , 1767, it was perform- 
ed at Covent et Theatre for (what 
it may be well doubted) his benefit, 
which in the last edition of the Bio- 
graphia Dramatica, is solemnly an- 
nounced asa “ revival.” 

William Warren, in Jan. 1773, re- 


@ In the Memoirs of ‘* Barton Booth,” 
printed by Watts, 1733, he is said to have 
‘* yehears'd the part of Julio in a play call’d 
The Distress’d Lovers; that his part was 
supplied two or three nights by Mr. Wil- 
liams; but, being solicited by Mr. Theo- 
bald, he p Bremen his indisposition, and 
performed from the fifth _ to the 
twelfth, which was the last of his appear- 
ance on the stage.” Probably we should 





read from the *‘ fourth to the tenth,” which, 
with the three nights of performance of Mr. 
Williams, makes up the real sumber. . 

ceived 











224 


ceived eight guineas for the copy of a 
novel called “‘The Adventures of a 
Footman.” : 

Juliana Letitia Woodfin, in April 
1758, received for her mother two 

uineas and a half for a novel called 

iss Forrester. 

Rhoda Woodington, in Feb. 1777, 
received ten guineas “for a manu- 
script novel called The Thoughtless 
Ward,” wrote by Miss Ferguss, of 
— Huntingdonshire. 

rthur Young (the wife of), under 

the signature of Incognita, in June 

1772, received fifteen guineas for *‘ a 
work called The Modern Traveller.” 

Ev. Hoop. 


Mr. Ursay, March 18. 
LTHOUGH I am an old Cor- 
respondent of yours, and much 
interested in all topics relating to the 
West Indies, I have of late foreborne 
troubling you with a single line upon 
the subject, not only from the con- 
viction that your pages are otherwise 
and more appropriately occupied, but 
that the present state of our Colonies, 
and of the Negro population, could 
not be satisfactorily aomanl within 
the narrow limits of a Magazine. 
Some of your Correspondents, how- 
ever, think otherwise; and the peru- 
sal of two articles in your last Number 
(vide pages 98 and 152), compels me 
to come forward in behalf of a class 
of men who have been more shame- 
fully traduced and vilified than any 
others in his Majesty’s dominions. 
Although the “ Abolitionist” has set 
me the example, by applying the 
sweeping terms of ‘‘cruelty, oppres- 
sion, and fraud,” to the holders of 
slaves, [ am not going to “‘ revile” the 
friends of abolition ;—but when he, 
and other writers, break forth into ge- 
neral invectives against the West i - 
dia system, and against those who pos- 
sess property in the Colonies; they 
must surely forget not only the foun- 
dation upon which the rights of 
Ownership rest—the Proclamations of 
our Kings, and the repeated enactments 
of the British Legislature, in order to 
compel the West Indian Planters to 
embark their fortunes in Colonial pro- 
perty, but also the fouety which 
as resulted to this kingdom, by the 
increase of her resources and the 
maintenance of her naval superiority, 
attributable to the enforcement of our 
navigation laws. No one now advo- 


Value of the West India Colonies to the Mother Country. (March, 


cates the trafic in Slaves—that jis 
abandoned; and with respect to Co- 
lonial bondage, every candid person 
must admit how greatly, of late, the 
nature of the service, and the condj- 
tion of the Slave have been alleviated. 

Abstract opinions as to rights of 
freedom are at the present moment 
totally out of the question ; England 
has encouraged the trade, and some 
hundreds of thousands of individuals 
are held in bond Shall we then 
treat them as a skilful oculist would 
manage a patient to whom he is about 
to impart the blessing of sight, by 
conveying to him gradually the light 
of heaven; or shall we, by hasty and 
injudicious methods, produce anarchy 
and confusion, and by an indiscreet 
emancipation, lead to a repetition of 
the, scenes in Barbadoes and Deme- 
rara?—‘ All sudden changes are at- 
tended with considerable inconveni- 
ences. No permanent change of cha- 
racter or condition (favourable to the 
Slaves themselves) can take place, un- 
til, by time and careful education, a 
new train of associations is superin- 
duced, whereby new habits will ne- 
cessarily be contracted*.” It is la- 
mentable to see the delusion that pre- 
vails upon this subject—the idle de- 
clamation that is resorted to (in the 
shape of vague and unfounded calum- 
nies) to lead the ignorant mind astray ; 
the petitions that are signed by those 
who never took the slightest pains to’ 
ascertain the truth; and who, a a 
they would not attempt to rectify the 
smallest spring in the machinery of a 
a watch, step forwards boldly to over- 
throw a state of society that requires, 
in its management and controul, a pe- 
culiar degree of judgment, temper, and 
discretion. 

Sweeping accusations of cruelty, ty- 
ranny, Ke. &c. are answered with dif- 
ficulty. When distinct charges are 
brought forward, the West Indians 
know well how to deal with them. 
That which was adduced by the 
African Institution against Sir James 
Leith’s Aides-de-camp, will not be for- 

otten, as the Judge and Jury of the 
Goort of King’s Bench pronounced a 
memorable sentence upon the Report 





* Vide «* The House of Bondage” by Rev. 
B. Bailey, A.M. ( 38.) I have great 
pleasure in referring the reader to this work, 
which takes an original and masterly view of 
Negro servitude. ; 

in 





a 














1824.} Value of the West India Colonies to the Mother Country. 


in which it was contained, and inci- 
dentally upon all productions of a si- 
milar description. With respect to 
the Address from Leicester, ‘‘ believ- 
ed to be the production of the Rev. 
Robert Hall, a Baptist Minister,” 
(vide p. 152), I can only express my 
surprise that this gentleman, like too 
many others, in his zeal towards the 
Slave, forgets all charity towards the 
Master. T do not here employ the 
severe terms used by Mr. Brougham 
when alluding to this ‘‘ inconsistent 
spirit of philanthropy,” but I must cer- 
tainly t that the lives, property, and 
tranquillity of the white inhabitants 
are so completely overlooked in this 
and similar productions. The writer 
has made two assertions which clearly 
shew that well-intentioned men, if 
they desert their proper stations, by 
interfering with subjects which they 
have not considered, are apt to ex- 

e themselves to ridicule by falling 
into grievous errors. After comparing 
the West India Colonies to the ‘‘al- 
tar of Moloch,” the Address states, Ist. 
that the inhabitants of Great Britain 
are assessed to the amount of more 
than two millions annually, for no other 
purpose than to maintain the Slave 
System in the West Indies. 2d. That 
they are loaded with such duties “be- 
cause the East India Sugar is produced 
by the labour of freemen, the West 
India by the labour of Slaves.” These 
are two hardy assertions, and I hesi- 
tate not to say that they are entirely un- 
founded. So fully has this question 
been agitated, both in Parliament and 
out of doors, that few people ought to 
be ignorant of the following facts. 

1. That the West India Colonies 
form an integral part of the British 
Empire, because, under the Colonial 
System, all the industry of their in- 
habitants is made subservient to the 
interests of the Mother Country, and 
all their prosperity is reflected back 
upon her. That an ancient compact 
has been made and acted upon be- 
tween the Mother Country and her 
Colonies, a compact which, according 
to Mr. Fox, was “‘ more solemn than 
an Act of Parliament could create,” 
and a breach of which would be a 
flagrant violation of the nauonal faith. 

2. That the British Manufacturer 
has every thing to lose, and nothing 
to gain, by a transfer of the monopoly 
from the West to the East Indies: 
that almost every thing which the 

Guwt. Mac. March, 1824, 


5 


225 


West India Planter eats, drinks, wears, 
or consumes, is imported from the Mo- 
ther Country: that as the Directors of 
the East India Company once said 
upon this very subject, “almost the 
whole cultivation of the Colonies in 
the West Indies is carried on by Bri- 
tish capital, and by British subjects, 
who are obliged to receive their sup- 
plies from Great Britain or her North 
American Colonies, and who cannot 
send their produce to any other mar- 
ket than that of Great Britain ;’’ for, 
let it be remembered, that later Par- 
liamentary enactments, giving greater 
freedom of trade to the Colonies, have 
been conceded to allay the apprehen- 
sions of the British Ship Owners, and 
that by the West India Planters no 
benefit has, under existing circum- 
stances, been derived from thechange *. 

3. That sugar is the staple commo- 
dity of our West India Colonies, and 
that if they are supplanted in its cul- 
tivation, they are left without resources 
whereas the East Indians, if so dis- 
posed, could give us silk, indigo, cot- 
ton, hemp, spices, and the various 
other rich products of a fertile soil, to 
an amount equal at least to the single 
article of sugar produced by our West 
India Colonies. 

4. That of Brown Sugar (such as is 
in general use in this Country) there 
is none in Bengal. From the soft- 
ness and disagreeable flavour of Ben- 
gal Sugar, it must be mixed with 
West he in order to make it 
saleable. The lower orders of 
ple in this country, therefore, if they 
could buy East India Sugar at one 
half the price of West India, (which 
they could not do, even if the 
protecting duty were removed) would 
not be much obliged to those who 
gave them a bad article for a good 
one, though at a cheaper rate; but, 

5. Supposing the extra duty of 10s. 
upon East India Sugar to be taken off, 
the East Indians may be convicted 
from their own statements, that the 
difference would not be saved to the 
consumer, but would go into the 





* A partial Repeal of the Navigation 
Laws, in favour of the West India Colo- 
nies, was ted by Parliament as early as 
the year 1739. See 12th Geo. II. cap. 30. 
This Act, which was continued at succes- 
sive intervals, was repealed by 34 Geo. III. 
cap. 42. The Act of 3 Geo, IV. cap. 45, 
can therefore be eonsidered as the revival 
only of a former Law, 


pockets 








226 Value of the West India Colonies to the Mother Country. 


pockets of the importer; so that one 
consequence of the rnin of the West 
India Planters, and of the various ma- 
nufacturers, &c. dependent upon them, 
would be, that the consumer would be 
compelled to purchase a bad article at 
the price which he now pays for a 
one, 

6. Have Mr. Hall and the Leicester 
Committee ever considered this ques- 
tion with respect to the naval power 
of their own country? The East In- 
dians require not only that East India 
Sugar should be substituted for West 
India Sugar, but that East India 
Ships should be substituted for British 
Ships—* It is thus (as the Directors 
formerly observed) that the question 
becomes extensive, and embraces the 
most important interests of the coun- 
try. The land-owner, merchant, ma- 
nufacturer, the British and Irish ships, 
seamen, &c. all must be sacrificed at 
the shrine of about 50 or 100 Indian 
merchants and agents *. 


** These India-built ships are man- 
ned by Lascars, an enfeebled set of 
men, who are to be substituted for 
British Seamen, and to these miser- 
able beings (whom the law declares 


[March, 


to be nuisances, and obliges those who 
bring them here to transport back to 
their native land,) is the honour of 
maintaining the British flag, and the 
power of wielding the British naval 
thunder to be confided! If such plans 
succeed, the sun of British glory must 
indeed set for evert.” 

7. Let us not forget that our East 
India possessions are in a vety distant 
quarter of the globe, —s an ex- 
traordinary force for their defence, 
with a disproportionate extent of do- 
minion and possession, when com- 

red with the country that holds them 
in subjection, and governed by a Court 
of Directors residing 10,000 miles dis- 
tant from the scene of action; nor let 
us forget the tenure by which we hold 
these possessions. _‘* The task of con- 
quering India has been a very light 
one (according to Sir John Malcolm) 
in comparison with that of preserving 
that vast empire.” 

8. Let us look at the comparative 
imports and exports from the two 
countries, which must surely carry 
conviction to every unprejudiced mind 
as to the intrinsic value of our Colonial 
possessions in the West Indies: 


Annual average of the Imports from the West Indies for the last five 


(official value)...£8,512,987 





Dithe.cocccccee mhneteséaceeanceuvenveienns abbecpe 


aneeaaetnetinatiie East Indies.....3,391,160 


“Exports, amount to the West Indies, for the last nine years 


(declared value) 


.£46,498,501 


exclusive of above four millions from Ireland, of the currency of that 


country. 


BINIe... ccnvecnesnerevesescecses eoccccocosecocorce 


ssecsecesceerees bast Indies....£33,403,160 


Trave to the West Indies outwards and inwards employs 1,672 ships, 


440,515 tons, and 24,148 seamen, 


Ditto, India and China, 212 ships, and 143,299 tons. 


Let us next briefly advert to the 
other statement made by Mr. Hall, 
that “Slavery is unknown in the East, 
at least that sugar is there produced by 
freemen.” Have not Mr. Hai and his 
anti-colonial associates heard of the Sur- 
vey drawn up by Dr. Buchanan, and 

ublished by the East India Company 
in 1807, which not only proves the ex- 
istence of Slavery in the East, but that 
the system there is far more oppressive 
than inthe West? In the East, Slaves 
(employed in the cultivation of sugar, 
rice, and indigo,) are let out to task- 
masters, who feed and work them for 
an annual stipend paid to the owners ; 
and therefore the persons who exact the 
labour and furnish the subsistence, are 
directly interested, in increasing the for- 
mer and diminishing the latter. There 


* Third Report of Special Committee, 
page 69. 





is, as Dr. Buchanan observes, no com- 
parison between their condition and 
that of the Slaves of the West Indies, 
where their master is their employer ; 
and interest, as well as humanity, 
prompts him to treat them well. The 
Abbé du Bois tells us that all the Pa- 
riahs, comprehending one fifth of the 
whole population (22 millions) are born 
slaves. Mr. Mills observes, ‘“‘ the lower 
classes in India are slaves to slaves.” 
Whatever degree of credit ~~ be 
given to my earlier statements, which 
ate wholly derived from the publica- 
tions of men who have deeply con~ 
sidered the question, and whose lan- 
guage I have generally retained, I 
cannot but expect unfeigned credence 
to the testimony of Dr. Buchanan; 





+ On the Equalization of the Duties on 
East and West India Sugar by Joseph Mar- 


ryat, esq. MI.P. p. 21. 
and 








a ae a 


_ 


1894.]J Masques and Pageants in the Reign of James 1. 227 


and therefore do hope that Mr. Hall 
and the Leicester Association will no 
longer contend that sugar is produced 
in oe East Indies by free-men, even if 
they should persist in asserting that the 
West Indians ought in justice to be 
“sacrificed at the altar of Moloch” 
erected in the East, or in any other 
quarter of the globe. S.D. 


—o— 

Mr. Ursaw, Highbury, March 16. 
yy knowing, from the expe- 
rience of a long series of years, 
that the most intelligent of your nua- 
merous and valuable Correspondents 
are, at all times, ready to forward in 
the investigation of such facts as tend 
to assist the researches of those who 
tfully solicit , ~~ nn ; 
and having frequently, by applications 
similar ry the pana p Pm ns mate- 
rial communications, in answer to in- 
quiries from myself as well as from 
others :—I now take the liberty of re- 
questing from the rs of curi- 
ous Libraries, the loan, for a few days, 
of any of the City Pacgants, or Tr1- 
umpus as they are styled, on the In- 
auguration of the Lord Mayors of Lon- 
don, between the years 1603 and 1624. 
Those of which I already have copies 


sine Sir Leonard Holliday, 1605. 
Sir Thomas Middleton, 1613. 
Sir John Jolles, 1615. 
Sir William Cockayn, 1619. 

I have also ies, I believe, of 
nearly all the ‘‘ Masques at Court ;” 
namely, all Ben Jonson's and Daniel’s; 
three by T. Campion, 1607, 1603, 
1614; one by G. Chapman, and ano- 
ther by F. Beaumont, for the Inns of 
Court, 1612-13; but have not met with 
that performed on St. John’s day, 1604, 
at the Marriage of Sir Philip Herbert. 

Having been favoured with a va- 
riety of Extracts from authentic docu- 
ments of several Corporations; and of 
respectable Families, whose Ancestors 
were honoured by visits from King 
James the First, some of whom were 
elevated by him to the Peerage, and 
others created Baronets, or graced with 
Knighthood ; I request such further 
communications on that part of my 
undertaking as may yet remain among 
family archives, or in the cabinets of 
the curious, and of such extracts from 
the Records of the various Corpora- 
tions which the King visited, as may 
jointly illustrate the Royal Pro- 

resses, and the History of their own 
ity or Town. And herein I address 





myself more particularly to the Au- 
thorities of a> ences Coe of Win- 
chester; which the King frequently 
visited, and where, in September, 
1603, the Episcopal Palace, the Col- 
lege, and the Deanery, were put in 
requisition for the residence of the 
King, Queen, and nearly all the No- 
bility of the Realm. Thon a copy 
of the Speech made by Sir John 
More the Recorder of the City, on 
presenting to the King the homage 
of his loyal subjects of Winchester, 
accompanied by a large silver cup to 
the King, and another to the Queen. 
The public Trials during that period 
are so well known, that no repetition 
of them is now requisite. 

In excuse, I will only add, that my 
sole wish, in this application, is to il- 
lustrate an interesting period of Eng- 
lish History, by the personal anecdotes 
of a Monarch, who has been both 
much over-praised, and much too se- 
verely censured; and at the same 
time to exhibit a faithful picture of 
the “‘Sports and Pastimes” of our 
Ancestors at the beginning of the Se- 
venteenth Century ;—a work which 
is far advanced in the compilation, 
and nearly one volume of it finished 
* press ; a whee if [ am 

appi rmitted to finish, will cer- 
taaly ‘atiale the Literary Life of 
J. N. [Octogenarius.] 


—@—~ 


Own tHe Hotipay Times oF oLp. 
* Christians in old time did rejoice 
And feast at this blest tide.”.—Oxp Carot. 
4 E following Remarks on the 
Holiday Times of Old, which 
occur in a Review of Mr. Gilbert’s 
** Christmas Carols,” in a recent Num- 
ber of the “ Literary Gazette,” will, 
we think, be deemed so generally in- 
teresting, that we hope to be forgiven 
by our intelligent Contemporary for bor- 
rowing them from his columns. Epir. 





Though we know not whether our 
querulous aaa, will meet with 
sympathy from any of our readers, we 
cannot refrain from uttering our griev- 
ances at the sad effects of an over-civi- 
lized population. The time is just pass- 
ed when we so emphatically wish each 
other “‘a merry Christmas, and a hap- 
py new year when it comes ;” and we 

no means deny that in many parts 

of the town eating and drinking, and 
conviviality in general, are much en- 
couraged at this season. But, alas! the 
neglect 








228 


old customs trouble us much. In vain 
do we look for “The jolly Wassel- 
Bowl,” and ‘The Bore’s Heade,”— 
«* with garlandes gay and rosemary.” 
Popular superstitions and customs may 
generally be traced back to Heathen 
times, for on their rites and mysteries 
were many of the Catholic ceremonies 
afterwards engrafted; and to the Sa- 
turnalia we are, or rather our ancestors 
were, probably indebted for some of 
our Christmas pastimes. The Refor- 
mation first injared their popularity, 
and the age of Puritanism gave them 
a fresh shock. It was even ordered by 
Parliament, Dec. 24, 1652, *‘ That no 
observation shall be had of the five and 
twentieth day of December, commonly 
called Christmas Day; nor any solem- 
nity used or oaniel in churches upon 
that day in respect thereof.” They now 
appear to be neglected by society in 
proportion to its degree of polish ; and 
in the metropolis and its immediate 
neighbourhood, are little encouraged 
by the higher classes, and but partially 
by the middling ranks, while among 
the lower portion of the people they 
frequently degenerate into oy 
In the country, especially in the far 
western and northern counties, Christ- 
mas is yet kept up with much spirit; 
the yule-log still crackles on the hearth, 
and ‘the sirloins of beef, the minced 
pies, the plum-porridge, the capons, 
turkeys, geese, and plum-puddings,” 
smoke upon the hospitable board. Each 
master of a family, like the old cour- 
tier in the ballad, appears to have 
- ~ “a good old fashion, when Christmasse 
as come, [and drum, 
To call in all his old neighbours with bagpipe 
With good cheer enough to furnish every 
old room, [man dumb.” 
And old liquor able to make a cat speak, and 


«OQ! rus, quando te aspiciam.” Yet 
even there the hand of improvement has 
been active, and some valuable relic of 
ancient festivities is occasionally usher- 
ed from the parlour to the kitchen, ne- 
ver more to return. The decoration of 
houses and churches with evergreens is 
continued however in London; nor is 
there a deficiency, ¢o the best of our ex- 
perience, in the demands for Christmas 
boxes ; the original intention of which 
was probably to enable the poor to par- 
take of the festivities of the season, 
from the gratuities of their more weal- 
thy fellow-creatures—and, God forbid! 
that, while feasting ourselves, we should 


Remarks on the Holiday Times of Old. 
neglect and squragetnt decline of good 





(March, 


not assist our poor neighbours and de- 
pendants to enjoy themselves. Certain 
nocturnal wandering minstrels occasi- 
onally disturb the slumbers of the citi- 
zens for about a month prior to Christ- 
mas, calling themselves Waits; but, 
**alack the day!” instead of playing 
and singing the good old Carol, our 
ears are saluted with Roy’s Wife, St. 
Patrick’s Day, or the latest Quadrille 
tune. Our mame seats witness that 
in man rts of the country, especi- 
ally in The West, the Carol edllen- 
served, and issung in the parishchurches 
on Christmas , the singers also 
ing about to the different houses 
lithely —_ such cheering tunes 
as “A Child this day is born—*Sit 
you, merry gentlemen””—* I saw three 
ships come sailing in,” &c. &c.* In 
London, excepting some croaking bal- 
lad-singer bawling out *‘ God rest you, 
merry gentlemen,” or a like doggrel, 
nothing in the shape of Carols is heard, 
though there is a considerable sale of 
them among the lower classes. 
at the following list of Christmas 
amusements, given by Burton in his 
Anatomy of duechity, now super- 
seded by Pope-Joan, Blind Man's 
Buff, and Puss in the Corner :—** The 
ordinary recreations which we have in 
winter, are cardes, tables and dice, 
shovel-board, chesse-play, the philo- 
sopher's game, small trunkes, billiards, 
musicke, maskes, singing, dancing, 
ule- games, catches, purposes, ques- 
tions, merry tales of errant knights, 
kings, queens, lovers, lords, ladies, 
iants, dwarfs, thieves, fairies, goblins, 
Tiars, witches, and the rest.” As to 
mummers and Christmas Plays, unless 
Grimaldi and the pantomimes be con- 
sidered as relics, we know not where 
to find them, in or near the metro 
lis; though formerly a Lord of Mis- 
rule, or Christmas Prince, was chosen, 
even in the highest families and most 
learned establishments ;—witness the 
records of their proceedings in the Gesta 
Grayorum t+, and the account of the 
Christmas Prince at Oxford, A.D. 
1607 ; even our kings used to join in 
these sports. Mummers, guisardes or 
ise-dancers (commonly called geese- 
ancers,) may, as we noticed in our 


* By the by, Mr. Gilbert does not in- 
clude any of these in his collection of 
twenty.—Epr. 

t “« Nichols’s Progresses of Queen 
Elizabeth” (new and improved edition), 
vol, III, 262—348. 





review 


























1894.} 


review of the first edition, yet be seen 
in the country; and the story of St. 
George and the Dragon and the Fair 
Sabra is annually repeated, enlivened 
with the frolics of Old Father Christ- 
mas, and the Doctor, who cures ‘‘each 
deep and deadly wound” of the com- 
batants, coming for that purpose 

~ - from the furthermost part of Spain, 

With a little bottle fdineete” _ 
These guise-dancers are profusely de- 
corated with ribands, each carrying a 
naked sword, with the exception of 
the Fair Sabra, who is modestly clad 
in female attire ; and Old Father Christ- 
mas and the Doctor, who are the Pan- 
taloon = Clown = oe 
former being generally disgui a 
frightful mo ny ‘this exhibi- 
tion, we have been mortified by hear- 
ing some modern rhodomontades in- 
troduced about Buonaparte and the 
Duke of Wellington, and once (hor- 
resco referens! ) was favoured with the 
Typitywitchet by way of epilogue. 

e confess that we have sometimes 
been almost reconciled to the manner 
in which the Twelfth-day is kept up, 
and pleasing visions of Christmas plays 
and gambols have come before us ; yet 
it is not quite as it should be. This 
day has long been observed with great 
festivities, in most parts of Europe, to 
commemorate Melchior, Jasper, and 
Balthazar, the three Magi, or kings, 
who came from the East to Bethle- 
hem to worship our Saviour, on the 
twelfth day from his Nativity ; having 
occupied the intervening time in tra- 
velling, being miraculously directed 
and supported, and requiring neither 
sleep norrefreshment. It is well known 
that they respectively offered gold, 
myrrh, and frankincense ; and a simi- 
lar offering is still made on the part of 
our King, at the Chapel Royal. Among 
the gol presented were, according to 
tradition, thirty of the identical pieces 
given by Abraham forthe cave of Mach- 
pelah, which, after passing through 
different hands, had come into the pos- 
session of Melchior; subsequently they 
were paid to Judas for betraying our 
Saviour. The whole tradition is cu- 
rious; and the manner of reconciling 
the term “ pieces of silver,” with this 
money coined from the purest gold of 
Arabia, ingenious, but foreign to our 

resent purpose. It was formerly, as 
1s well known, the custom to put a 
bean into a cake made of flour, honcy, 
ginger, and pepper; sometimes a pea 


Remarks on the Holiday Times of Old. 





229 


was added for the Queen. The cake 
was then divided into several portions, 
allowing one for our Saviour, one for 
the Virgin, and the same for the three 
Kings "twhich were all given to the 
poor), and one portion for each of the 
yan oe. b the ppy man who found 
the n in his share, was installed 
King for the evening, and chose the 
Ministers of State, Maids of Honour, 
&c. In later times the bean was dis- 
used, and tickets were prepared, in- 
scribed with the name of King, Mi- 
nisters, &c. who were thus chosen b 
lot. At present, it is true that the 
characters of King and are 
drawn for, but instead of Ministers, 
&c. being chosen by them or by lot, 
we have burlesque cards for Billy But- 
ton, Polly Wryneck, and such silly in- 
congruous personages. To get rid of 
these, and nominate their wonted pre- 
decessors, is now the most ingenious 
way to make a Twelfth Night festi- 
val agreeable and entertaining. 
—-@— 


Mr. Ursan, Leyton, Feb. 17. 
|b gem have been long enter- 
tained concerning’ the etymo- 
logy of the word Oriel, as applied 
to the College of that name at Ox- 
ford. And, in the absence of authen- 
tic information, (which is generall 
supplied by the Records of the Col. 
lege itself,) conjectures, more or less 
plausible, have been resorted to, as 
the only substitutes. ‘‘ Conjectures”* 
agree, for the most part, that Oriel is 
derived from the Latin words aurea, 
and aula; and they proceed to ex- 
plain the different meanings of those 
words in their insular significations, 
detached from Oriel, or any other 
College. Having so done, they rest 
satisfied with the explanation. Some 
indeed derive Oriel from the Latin Ori- 
entalis; because, forsooth, the Colle; 
has an eastern aspect! Others refer 
to the “‘ Aurea Camera,” or place set 
apart for the Abbot of a Monastery, 
whose table, say they, commonly stood 
at the end, or one side of the “ Re- 
fectory ;” not forgetting to inform us 
that the ** Refectories”” of Monasteries 
are usually furnished with buffets that 
contain valuable golden plate, &c. &c. 
Others again ascribe its etymology to 
the Oriel window of architects; inas- 
much as that a window, of the like 
description, may be seen over the Por- 
tal of Oriel College ! 


’ But in your number, Mr. Cie, 
or 











230 


for November last (p. 424) is a com- 
nication on the subject from Mr. 
7" H. Blandford. This Gentleman’s 
communication yee me as yoting 
t once to the sight etymology 
Driel although he himself does not 
seem to have been aware of the cir- 
gumstance. He tells us, that in an 
old book, entitled ‘‘ Oxonia Ilustra- 
ta,’’ published in 1675, is the follow- 
ing subscription, under the Bird’s Eye 
View of Oriel College. ; 
“Collegium Oxoniense, quod in 
Chart’ primarie suze fundationis Do- 
mus sey Aula B. Marie Virginis nun- 
c fuit, et ex additione Messu- 
agi pE OrtEL, hodiernum illud no- 
men traxisse videtuy.” So that, ac- 
cording to this subscription in the old 
book, the original chartered name of 
Oriel College was that of the Blessed 
Virgin (perhape St. Mary Hall), and 
that it assumed its | cm name, upon 
taking in the adjoining House pg 
Ortet for its enlargement. Houses, 
it is well known. were and are fre- 
quently denominated by the proper 
names of their owners; and that such 
was the case, in the present instance, 
is highly probable. And from the 


refix de before the name, it was ap- 
parently either French, or of French 


extraction. Many families in France 
have borne, and probably still bear, 
the name of Oriel, or one of similar 
sound, differently spelt. To instance 
only a few. Peter Oriol, or Aureole, 
(whose Latin signature was Aureolus) 
was a learned Cordelier, and Professor 
of Divinity at Paris, in the fourteenth 
century, and was held in such high 
reputation as to be surnamed “ le 
Docteur eloquent.” Peter d’Oriolle 
(with the Prefix) was Chancellor of 
France in the fifteenth century. And 
Blaise d’ Auriol (with the Prefix also) 
was Professor of Canon Law at Tou- 
louse in the sixteenth century. — 
Etymologists, in the opinions of 
rsons who are not such, are apt to 
stretch their imaginations now and 
then beyond all suber bounds; and 
not wnioamatly, to the length of 
absurdity. Yet, were I not fearful of 
incurring the like reproach, I might 
thaps be induced to ‘‘ communi- 
cate” to your readers, that Auriol is 
an old French word for Mackarel; as 
is Oriel for a porch, or gallery; and 
from thence to conclude (etymologi- 
cally) that the inmates of Oriel Col- 
lege were the first who ate ‘* Macka- 


rel” in “a porch, or gallery.” R.S. 


Oriel College.—Royal Palace at Westminster. 


(March, 


Rovat Patraces. 


E are y in having contri. 

: buted, by raising our feeble 
voice nst the destruction of the 
ancient Palace of our Kings at West- 
minster, to excite the attention of our 
Legislators to the report of the threat- 
ened destruction of the Painted Cham- 
ber, the House of Lords, and the few 
interesting portions of this once splen- 
did Palace (see our last Volume, pp. 99, 
101,489). It gives us real pleasure to 
announce that the subject is likely to 
be at least well weighed before farther 
progress is made in this sweeping ha- 
voc. The following full report of a de- 
bate in a Committee of Supply, March 
1, in which the Royal Palaces became 
the subject of discussion, will be read 
with interest by our antiquarian read- 
ers : 

Mr. Herrigs proposed the following Re- 
solution : 

* For the Expence of Public Works, and 
the Repairs of Public Buildings, 40,0001.” 

The lution being put by the Chair- 
man— 

Mr. Bankes said, before the House 
agreed to this vote, he wished to make a 
few observations on the very unsatisfactory 
manner in which alterations had been made 
in the neighbourhood of both Houses of 
Parliament. He was desirous also to be 
informed what further alterations it was 
proposed to make. If the House were made 
aware of what was intended to be done, they 
would, he had 7, Grits feel some hesita- 
tion in ti sums nece: to ac- 
meek "fie witnessed <a ca the 
destructiou of the ne conyected with 
the House of Lords, which was now con- 
verted into what he could not mention. It 
was a place of high antiquity, as old, he be- 
lieved, as Edward III. There was not the 
smallest occasion for destroying it. He was 
desirous also to know the actual expense in- 
curred for that addition made to the en- 
trance of the House of Lords. It was pro- 
ductive of the greatest inconvenience to 
both Houses of , o mling for it took up 
part of that space in which the carriages 
used to stand. Nothing could be more con- 
temptible in point of taste. It was impos- 
sible to look at it without disgust. He 
wished to be informed how far it was in- 
tended to go with these alterations, and 
what was the expense that had been actu- 
ally incurred. 

Mr. Bennet expressed contempt for the 
style in which the alterations were made. 
He wished to know who the architect was, 
and the names of the Committee of taste 
by which the alterations had been planned. 

Mr. Hernies said he would take care that 
the accounts should be laid in a clear form 





1624.) 


before the House. The sum already: ex- 

nded was 10,0001. 

The Cuancetior of the Excugguer said 
he was not surprised that the subject should 
attract the attention of the House. He had 
no hesitation in saying that it was necessary 
some alteration should take place in the 
mode of directing and controlling such pub- 
lie works and repairs. His answer to tlie 
questions of the Hon. Member for Shrews- 
bury was, that Mr. Soane was the archi- 
tect, and that he acted under the authority 
of the Board of Works. He confessed that 
it was desirable to have the responsibility, 
in matters of this nature, vested in the Trea- 
sury. It was not the case at present; and 
the Treasury could not therefore controul 
the operations either of the architect or 
the Board of Works. It was the duty of 
the Board of Works to take care that ex- 
isting buildings should be kept in fit repair ; 
and pfoper contracts entered into for the 
erection of new works ; but he thought the 
best way would be to vest the controul in the 
Treasury. He should endeavour to frame a 
system of regulations to that purpose, which 
would have the effect of throwing the re- 


sponsibility on individuals in that House. 
Mr. Tennyson said this was a matter of 
at importance, as matter of taste and 
eublic feeling. The buildings of the Pa- 
- of Westminster ought to be considered 
sacred. That place in which so many Bri- 


tish Kings lived and died was now devoted 
to destruction. He understoood it was in- 
tended to take down the House of Lords ; 
he did not know in what style it was pro- 
posed to rebuild it—whether it was to be 
Grecian covered with ornaments, which no 
human being could understand, or what or- 
der it was to be in. It to him 
that the new buildings about Westminster 
Hall were constructing in a most i 
priate way *. The British Law and the Bri- 
tish Constitution made their et ages under 
the Saxon and Gothic arch, and he thought 
thas still more appropriate than the Grecian. 
He meant, however, the true Gothic style, 
not that unmeaning species of it which 
every where offended the eye in its ap- 
proaches to the Houses of Parliament. 

Mr. Hume said: he wished to direct the 
attention of the Committee to another build- 
ing. His attention had been drawn to that 
now erecting to receive the public records, 
It was no doubt proper that those records 
should be taken care of, as they possessed 
them, but the building appeared to him as 
@ most inconvenient one. It was fire proof 
no doubt ; but the passages were so narrow, 
thas he and other Gentlemen who visted the 
place were obliged to make their entry in 





* A Sélect Committee has since been ap- 
pointed, on the motion of Mr. Bankes, to 
consider of the Pian for building Courts of 
Justice in Palace Yard. 


Debate on the Royat Palace at Westminster. 


231 


sifigle files. Whoever disired to consult 
those ancient records must rertiain for week's 
to accomplish theit purpost. The country 
would not object to the —_ erect= 
ing and repairing unneces ic works. 
But then . wee BS that dee btnin should 
be under some proper controul. There was 
plenty of bricks and mortat in the building 
alluded to, for he believed the walls were 
seven feet thick. The mattrials were suf- 
ficient to erect a place capable of containing 
all the records, but nothing could be more 
ill suited to the purpose than the erectivt 
now in progress. 

Mr. Croxer said the House must havé 
heard from his Right Hon. Friend (the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer) with the 
greatest pleasure that it was his ititention 
to introduce some system of controul. It 
was not merely the expense of these build- 
ings, or their inapplicability to the object 
for which they were intended, but the dis+ 
ee they reflected on the public taste: 

e was always of opinion that controul 
should be vested in the Treasury; and he 
was glad to hear his Right Hon. Friend say 
that such was the intention. When the 
country saw that a proper controul was ex* 
ercised, they would cease to shew any of 
that niggardliness with which they were un- 
justly charged, because they shewed it only 
to avoid disgrace. He saw it mentioned in 


the public » with t t, that 
the Painted Chamber was to be destroyed; 
that Chamber which 500 back had re- 
ceived throughout Europe the epithet per- 
illustre. It was the very oldest of dete 
public works which united architecture with 
painting. It must be a source of regret to 
any person possessing the least taste, or the 
slightest feeling of reverence for antiquity, 
if it should be pulled down. Though 500 
years old, it was still in a state pte pre- 
servation. The colours were still bright, 
and the walls as good as if erected yesterday. 
He should be sorry to see it taken down to 
substitute any modern gewgaw. (Hear 1) 

Mt. Hume wished to know what the es- 
timate was for St. James’s Palace ? 

Sir J. Mackinrosu said he was glad to 
hear that the destruction of the Royal Pa- 
lace of Westminster was not to proceed 
without some consideration. It was vener- 
able, not merely from its antiquity, but from 
the important — that had — ae 
acted there. It was per the spot 
earth which most Sealeved che volte 
of mankind. To destroy such buildings, 
consecrated to the highest and most en- 
nobling recollections, would be an offence, 
not only to national feeling, but an out- 
rage to moral sentiment, and shew a want 
of sympathy with all that had been well and 
greatly done by their ancestors. With re- 
spect to the public character of the build- 





t See vol. rxxxix, ii. p. 391. 
ing, 








232 


» it was for 300 the scene of con- 
2 between ce teen of Parlia- 
ment, and he should greatly regret if any 
ir t and prof d were employed 
to pull it down, It was disgusting to see 
these trifling ornaments, which shewed their 
face so impudently in the neighbourhood of 
superior art. ey were called Grecian, 
for no other reason that he knew of than 
because they were not English. He was 
sorry to see them carried within the en- 
trance to Westminster Hall. It was de- 
formed by so trifling an addition, which was 
not Grecian, or if it had any thing Grecian 
in it, was only Boeotian. Instead of being 
Grecian it was most barbarous. 

Mr. Herrigs, in answer to Mr. Hume’s 
question, said the present grant did not ap- 
ply to the repairs of St, James’s Palace. 

Mr. Hume said if he were to give an opi- 
nion he should say that it would be better 
to pull down the building ~~ than 
expend money in repairing it. It would he 
better at once to build a fit residence for 
the Monarch than to lay out large sums 
from time to time in such repairs. He 
hoped the Palaces also would be submitted 





to the controul of the Treasury. 

The Cuancettor of the Excugguer said 
he thought the repairs at St. James's Pa- 
lace were of material advantage to the 
— by opening a better access to the 


k. He admitted that there was no Royal 
residence in town at all commensurate to 
the wealth and greatness of the country ; 
but to erect such a building a considerable 
sum of money would be required. The al- 
terations and repairs were proposed when 
the country was under circumstances very 
different to the present.—If a million and 
a half had been proposed some time back 
for erecting a new Palace, he did not think 
it would have been very well received. The 
fire which burned down part of the Palace 
of St. James’s rendered it necessary to make 
some repfirs. 

Colonel Davies said he was sorry the 
whole building was not burned down. It 
was more like an alms-house than a Palace, 
and reflected disgrace on the country. 

Sir T. Barine said, that in his opinion, 
instead of voting 350,000/. for the repair- 
ing of Windsor Castle, and 40,000/. which 
they were now about to give for the ordi- 
nary repairs of these other public buildings, 
while his Majesty had already so many Pa- 
laces, includin Carlton House, St. James’s, 
Bockingham House, Kensington, Hampton 
Court, Kew, and Windsor, and the — he 
did not know what to call it—at Brighton 
—(Laughter)—It would be much better 
that some of these, indeed the greater part 
of them, should be sold; a Palace suit- 
able to the splendour and dignity of the 
Court should be built in some more appro- 
priate place; and that Carlton House should 


Parliamentary Debate on the Royal Palaces. 


(March, 


be retained as his Majesty’s private resi- 
dence. 

Mr. Bricut said the country had gone 
on hitherto increasing in splendour, repu- 
tation, andstrength, without any sumptuous 

‘alaces, such as were boasted of in foreign 
countries, and he saw no reason why the 
public money should now be so lavishly be- 
stowed in the erection of magnificent build- 
ings, while his Majesty appeared to be suf- 
ficiently well lodged at present.—(Hear !) 

Sir M. W. Ripuey said he was sorry to 
hear what had fallen from the Hon. Mem- 
ber for Bristol ; and he would put it to any 
man who heard him, whether i was any 

rivate Gentleman in the Kingdom so ill 
odged as his Majesty. The situation of 
Carlton House was, he believed, well known 
to beso bad, that it could not possibly go on 
longer without a thorough repair, Here much 
then he thought was a proper point for the 
House to make a stand, and aie to con- 
tinue the wasteful system of voting away 
money year after year for small repairs, and 
require the attentiou of the Treasury to be 
directed to the providing at once of some 
more suitable residence, upon a grand and 
magnificent scale, fitting the dignity of the 
Sovereign of this country. 

Lord Mitton said, he thought it ra- 
ther too much, that because the country 
had experienced what was called a renewal 
of its prosperity, they should begin, before 
they knew, or me te any steps to ascer- 
tain, the nature and foundation of that re- 
newed prosperity, to run a race of extrava- 
— in the erection of costly buildings. 

e could not, however, approve of the sug- 
gestion of the Hon. Baronet near him (Sir 
T. Baring), of selling the ancient palaces 
which he had enumerated, some of which 
are associated with the recollection of the 
brightest periods, and the memory of some 
of the greatest men that adorned the his- 
tory of our country. Hampton Court Pa- 
lace, in particular, he hoped would not be 
selected as one to be sold, being the place 
which of all others ought to be endeared to 
Englishmen, by the circumstance of its 
having been the favourite residence of that 
great, founder he would not call him, but 
supporter of our liberties, William III. 

r. H. G. Bennet concurred entirely in 
what had fallen from the Hon. Member for 
gg Snag! Bright), and would support 

im, i ivided alone, against an t 
for the building of —_* = 

Sir C. Lone said, the vote of 40,0001. 
now proposed was absolutely necessary for 
the ordinary repairs of the public buildings 
for which it was asked. With respect to 
the Committee of Taste which had been al- 
luded to, its province was only to make s 
selection from among the models that were 
submitted to them. 

The vote was then agreed to. 


REVIEW 





{ 233 ] 


REVIEW OF NEW PUBLICATIONS, 





54. Portfolio, second Edition, with Addi- 
tions, of Fragments relative to the History 
and Antiquities of the County Palatine and 
Duchy of Lancaster. By Matthew Greg- 
son, Esq. F.S.A. &c. Folio, pp. 446. 
Printed for the Editor, at Liverpool ; Ni- 
chols and Son, London. 

HE First Edition of this curious 
Work, we noticed in our vol. 
LXXXVIII. i. p. 233; and Mr. Greg- 
son’s address on announcing the = 
ublication is printed in our last vo- 
come p. 31. We are glad to find that 
the Author has met with encourage- 
ment sufficient to induce him to per- 
severe in collecting what he modest] 
terms “‘ Fragments,” but which will, 
we doubt not, be found extremely use- 
fal at some future period, to a more 
regular Historian of the County Pala- 
tine. In the mean while, the publick 
are indebted to Mr. Gregson for what 
he has himself performed, as this Work 
may be the means of handing down to 
terity much that might otherwise 
ave been wholly lost. 

In the whole work there are about 
800 wood engravings, of arms, seals, 
crests, views of Churches, Castles, 
Seats, Antiquities, &c.;and with this Se- 
cond Edition, in addition to the embel- 
lishments in the first Edition, are given 
upwards of 30 Copper-plates, Litho- 
graphic Drawings, and Woodcuts. 
We cannot but regret that the Author's 
new embellishments had not been en- 
trusted to his friend and protegée, Mr. 
Wm. Hughes, the excellent engraver 
in wood (who shines conspicuously in 
Mr. Gregson’s first edition), rather 
than handed over for execution to the 
art of Lithography. Mr. Gregson, it 
appears by a long note in p. 290**, is 
very partial to this art, but we cannot 
see any advantage it possesses over that 
of engraving in copper or wood, ex- 
cept for very large plans, or for those 
of a temporary nature, where the ex- 
pense of engraving is an object. As 
an embellishment to a 
works we think Lithography decidedly 
objectionable, unless the drawings 
are executed by the first artists; and 
then they are as expensive as respectable 
and much more beautiful engravings 
would be. 

Gent. Mac. March, 1824. 


A curious Map of Lancashire, taken 
in 1598, is copied from a drawing in 
the Harleian collection. 

A Lithographic portrait of the worthy 
Author, from a painting by W. Bigg, 

isq. R.A. and drawn on stone by 
Gauci, is prefixed to the work; and 
mag are also given of Rev. John 
yrom, M.A. of Manchester ; of that 
honour to Liverpool, W. Roscoe, Esq. 
(engraved by Mrs. Dawson Turner, of 
Yarmouth) ; of Isabella, Countess of 
Sefton ; Thomas White, M.D.; Charles 
White, Esq. F.R.S. &c. &e. 

In p. 164*, we see an amicable 
contest between Mr. Gregson and the 
Historian of Hallamshire ; as to who 
has the best claim to the hero who 
slew the Dragon of Wantley. Mr. 
Hunter is of opinion that the hero 
lived in the district which he has so 
ably described; whilst Mr. Gregson 
contends that he was of the family of 
the Mores of More Hall, in the hun- 
dred of West Derby, Lancashire. 

In 171, is given an interesting view 
of the Old Custom House, Liverpool, 
from a drawing in Mr. Gregson’s 
possession, and we shall copy his ob- 
servations thereon, as a pleasing spe- 
cimen of his volume : 


“J never view the drawing of the Old 
Custom House and Quay but with emotions 
of pleasure, and a mixture of public pride, 
in contemplating the gradual rise of my 
native town, from a poor fishing hamlet to 
its present high eminence in trade and com- 
merce—a proof of the persevering industry of 
its inhabitants. 

** Roger de Poictiers, the Lord of all this 

rt of South Lancashire, built the Castle +. 

e was a worthy man, and highly spoken 
of; a friend of the Molyneuxes, who came 
with him from Normandy. He was then 
made Castellan, and the Molyneux family 
since that time have been repeatedly called 
to the government, and whose residence was 
fixed by their patron at Sephton, Thornton, 
and Kuerden, and under all the vicissitudes of 
the Norman families, the Mulas, Mulles, or 
Molyneuxes, have never forfeited their estate, 
having occupied it in a direct line to the 

resent day. [The present descendant, the 
1 of Sefton, now lives in the neighbour- 


t See it in the Old View of Liverpool, in 
our vol. Lxxx1. ii. p. 537; it is now the 
site of St, George’s Church. 





hood 











234 


By their courage 
and prowess they had afterwards other large 
and valuable grants, and high and honourable 
distinctions, and seated themselves at Seph- 
tonas Constables of Liverpool Castle, Keepers 
of the King’s Parks at Croxteth and Toxteth, 
Rangers of the Forest of West Derby, Lords 
of the Wapentake, and Lords of the Manor 
of Liverpool, of which they had a grant of 
all the rents under the King, as also the 
Ferry over the River; Lords of all the 
Wastes, &c. (the tenure of which, after 
Charles the First’s sale to Ditchfield, was 
freehold.) In 1629 the privileges of all the 
town were in their hands, such as ‘tolls, 
markets, fairs, anchorage, lastage, pontage, 
&c. &e. Many other lands came into the 
possession of this family, by the alliances of 
their descendants. 
“¢ And all this occurred— 


‘<Ere sails were spread new oceans to explore,” 
as Dryden says: for here at Leverroot, 


«* A band of fishers chose their humble seat ; 
Contented labour blest their far retreat ; 
Inur'd to hardship, patient, bold, and rude, 
They brav’d the billows for precarious food : 
Their straggling huts were rang’d along the 
shore, 
Their nets and little boats their only store.” 
ANON. 

*¢ The continual influx of passengers to 
and from Ireland, in King John’s time, and 
his father’s, greatly encreased this poor 
fishing town. 

* After Roger followed the fate of the 
King’s son eal his lands escheated to 
the Crown, and the descent may be traced*. 
Henry J. granted its first charter, which 
Heury II. and John confirmed, and gave 
them a seal; and, as Earl of Lancaster, 
made many grants to the neighbouring gen- 
tlemen, for he was often here during the 
conquest of Ireland, of which kingdom he 
was Lord. In 1272 the town was found to 
contain 168 burgages, i. e. houses and cot- 
tages, which had decreased to 138 in 1650, 
when it was called the poor decayed town of 
Leverpoole. 

«¢ ] believe due praise ought to be given 
to one person, named Eckerston, Cockerson, 
Sekerston, or Sherton. This gentleman 
was Mayor in 1551. He was again Mayor 
in 1560; and living in 1574, when he was 
one of the only six residents at Levinpools 
that paid towards the defence of the king- 
dom. This Sekerston was a man of strong 
mind and abilities, if we may judge by what 
is recorded of him; for he was chosen M. P. 
for this borough, and allowed 2s. a day for 
his service. it was he who advised, when 
the town was at its lowest ebb, anno 1566, 
to petition Queen Elizabeth to remit the 
taxes and subsidies which were then levied, 
which she did. It was said he could speak 





* See “* Fragments,” p. 1. 





Review.—Gregson's Fragments relative to Lancashire, 
hood in honourable style.) 





(March, 


in Parliament without the aid of a Counsel- 
lor.” 


Mr. Gregson then gives many mi- 
nute particulars relative to Liverpool, 
in chronological order, and thus con- 
cludes his notice of the commercial 
prosperity of his native place: 

‘‘In 1814 Thomas Leyland, esq. pub- 
lished the Cash Account of the Corporation, 
when their income was 30,6801. 9s. 74d. ; 
in 1815, it was 63,3791. 19s, 4d. and has 
since much increased. The population of 
the town in 1700, when it became a parish, 
amounted only to 5,714; but by the census 
of 1821, we find the number of inhabitants 
to be 118,972, exclusive of Toxteth Park, 
Everton, &c. which amounts to about 22,515 
more, all which were part of the antient 
parish of Walton, The rental of Liverpool 
in 1715 was valued at 584,687/. The Dock 
Dues in 1724, amounted to 810/. 11s. 6d. 
and in the year ending June 25, 1823, they 
were increased to 115,7831. 1s. 6dt. 

*‘ Thus has the port of Liverpool risen 
from a state of insignificance, to become 
the second commercial town in the king- 
dom; and it may even be considered the 
first in many branches of commerce, particu- 
larly in the article of cotton. At the pre- 
sent period (1823) every deseription of 
buildings, from the merchant’s mansion to 
the labourer’s cottage, continues to be erect- 
ed: and the Authorities of the town are 
making rapid improvements, in widening 
those streets which most require it. Ware- 
houses are now rearing their towering heads. 
in every direction, and the Docks may be 
reckoned the first in the kingdom for extent 
and convenience.” 


Mr. Gregson solicits corrections of 
any errors in his work, that they may 
be acknowledged, and published here- 
after, with an Index to the whole 


volume. 
—- ge — 


55. The Fruits of Experience, or Memoirs of 
Joseph Brasbridge, written in his 80th 
year. 8vo, pp, 257. Simpkin and Mar- 
shall. 


“ Though now this grained face of mine lie hid 

In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow, 

Yet hath my night of life some memory, 

My wasting lamp some fading glimmer left. 

Shakespeare. 

WE have been overwhelmed with 

the recollections of travellers—the re- 

miniscences of literary lives are nu- 

merous--and autobiographical sketches, 

by Poets and Statesmen, are in pro- 

fusion. But the experience of a man 


t Some interesting communications by 
our intelligent correspondent, R. S. con- 
trasting the former and present states of 
Liverpool, may be seen in vol. xct. i. p- 
587; vol. xcitl, i, pp. 18, 105, 201. 

whose 





1824.] 


whose days have been spent in mer- 
cantile habits of the middle class, as it 
is difficult of execution, is a rare gift in 
Literature. We hesitate not to pro- 
nounce the work before us a very use- 
ful publication. It is the retrospect of 
a life greatly chequered by alternations 
ef prosperity and adversity—and the 
moral of the tale appears to be this:— 
that a life of gaiety and dissipation is 
as unfavourable to virtue as it is ruinous 
to the hope of worldly advancement ; 
that without prudence, talents are use- 
jess, and the best opportunities are 
neutralized. There is also suflicient 
encouragement for Folly to retrace her 
steps, and ample warning to the young 
to pause on the threshhold of tempta- 
tion. 

The epitome of the life of our Octo- 
genarian is, that he began business as 
a Silversmith in Fleet-street, at an 
early life, with a good capital, bright 
prospects, and an unsullied reputation ; 
that pleasure seduced him from his 
shop, and that his shop repaid his neg- 
lect, in the plunder of his property, 
the decay of his business, and bank- 
ruptcy ;—that still retaining his good 
mame, he acquired wisdom from ex- 

rience—his friends rallied round him, 
. recommenced his career, and by 
industry and frugality he has_now re- 
tired to enjoy the ofium cum dignitate, 
in health, peace, and competence. 

Mr. Brasbridge we are persuaded 
has been through life a humourist. 
He might have taken his part in the 
symposia of the Boar’s-head ; and mine 
hostess of the Tavern would have cried 
«* excellent sport,” and gloried in her 
customer. Falstaff would have been 
proud of such a companion. He has 
given us anecdotes in abundance, and 
relieved the somewhat oppressive 
egotism of his narrative by short di- 
gressions on events with which he 
was contemporary. 

We have strong internal evidence 
that this is not a mere specimen of 
book-making. We read with a strong 
conviction that we are listening to the 
loquacity of an old man, who, regard- 
less of the graces of composition, gives 
what he has to say in his own words, 
and in his own manner. The style he 
has adopted is far from slovenly ; it is 
the natural language of good sense and 
great observation, tinctured with a 
certain portion of education and re- 
finement. 

But we must now permit Mr. Bras- 


Review.—Brasbridge’s Fruits of Experience. 


235 


bridge to speak for himself, and first of 
his motives. 
*¢ ¢ Better late than never,’ is an old 
adage, the truth of which I hope to exem- 
lify in the course of the following pages. 
t has been said, that the life of any indivi- 
dual whatsoever, would, if fairly and impar- 
tially narrated, afford abundant materials for 
instruction ; and J am willing to hope that 
mine will be found equally productive of 
warning to the dissipated, and of encourage- 
ment to the industrious; for whilst I ho- 
nestly confess, that at one period of it I 
might but too justly be classed with the 
former, I may likewise reasonably hope, 
that at another I might as fairly rank with 
the latter.” 


This text is rarely lost sight of, and 
his confessions are given with a since- 
rity that evinces a mind under the in- 
fluence of truth, and indicates a deter- 
mination to render his example avail- 
able by every proper disclosure. 

We shall now conclude our extracts 
with a few anecdotes of a general na- 
ture, though they lose half their interest 
by being detached from the narrative. 


** I was going into the pit of Drury-lane 
theatre, and chanced to arrive at the door 
at the very same moment with the late Mr. 
Chileot and his son. He had just hed his 

ocket picked of all the money he had about 

im. The door-keeper would not admit 
him without he would leave his watch as a 
deposit. I begged him to permit me to pay 
six shillings for him and his son ; he desired 
to know where he could repay me. ‘ Never 
mind that, Sir,’ I replied: ‘ when I meet 
you, I will ask you for the money.’ He 
would not, however, accept my offer, with- 
out receiving my address ; I therefore gave 
him it, at 98, Fleet-street. The next day 
he brought me the six shillings, and the 
day following he came again, and gave me 
an order for plate, to the amount of forty or 
fifty pounds, which I declined; remarking, 
at the same time, that he was the most 
grateful man I had ever met with, to think 
of repaying so trifling a civility in so muni- 
ficent a manner; and that it almost seemed 
as if, in offering it, I had had an insight 
into his disposition, and wished to give my- 
self a claim on his kindness, and lead him to 
buy what he might not want. He assured 
me, that he was actually intending to make 
the purchase, and aan gave me the pre- 
ference in laying out the money; and this 
preference he continued to shew me to the 
end of his life, always taking every opportu- 
nity to serve me.” 

Among other members of a Club, 
the following are noticed : 

“* Archibald Hamilton the printer, with 
a mind fit for a Lord Chancellor; also Mr. 


Thomas 





236 


Thomas Carnan the bookseller, who brought 
an action against the Stationers’ Company 
for the privilege of printing Almanacks. 
Dunstall the Comedian, famous for his song 
in Love in a Village, 
I’m not such an elf, though I say it myself, 
But I know a sheep's head from a carrot; 
and as delightful a companion in a private 
room as he was amusing en the +. also 
the veteran Macklin, — —_ : e —_ 
were disputing on the mode of spelling 
a of aw ding was referred to b 
Billy Upton, a geod-tempered fellow, wit 
a remarkably gruff voice, the loudest tones 
of which he put forth as he observed, 
* There is a gentleman present who can set 
us to rights ;’ then turning to Macklin he 
said, ‘Pray, Sir, is it Shakespeare or 
Shakzper 2” ¢ Sir,’ said Macklin, ¢ I never 
give any reply to a thunderbolt.’—Another 
of the frequeuters of the Globe tavern was 
Akerman, the keeper of Newgate, a humane 
and social man, and one of those careful 
personages, who always thought it most 
»rudent not to venture home till daylight. 
Mr. William Woodfall, the reporter of the 
parliamentary debates, was also frequently 
with us.” 

«¢ Mr. Thomas Evans, bookseller in the 
Strand, a man whose mind was cultivated by 
reading, and stored with anecdotes, whic 
he related with singular felicity.” 

«« Mr. Curtis, a respectable stationer, 
who, from very small beginnings, left his 
son ninety thousand pounds in one line, be- 
sides an estate of near three hundred a year. 
My worthy friend Henry Baldwin, another 
of the members of this club, married Miss 
Graham, the sister of Mr. Curtis’s wife, and 
was no less successful in business than his 
brother-in-law; though he did not leave so 
large a fortune behind him, preferring, as 
he expressed it, to sip of the stream himself 
as it flowed, and to disperse it to those 
around him in his life-time. He was indeed 
the very soul of benevolence and Saeey- 
He had a large family, all of whom he libe- 
rally educated and set up in the world, 
thinking very properly that by so doing he 
acquitted himself more effectually of his 
duty towards them, than if he abridged 
them of comforts and respectability during 
his life, to leave them a profusion to waste 
after his death. ‘To all around him in busi- 
ness he was liberal and just; to men of 
genius he was considerate and generous. 
Often at his hospitable board have I seen 
needy authors, and others connected with 
his employment, whose abilities, ill requited 
as they might have been by the world in 
general, were by him always appreciated and 
served. He was my bosom friend and con- 
stant companion, and the favours he has 
conferred on me are indelibly engraved upon 
my heart, not more for the essential service 
they rendered me in times of need, than for 


Review.—Brasbridge’s Fruits of Experience. 


(March, 


the delicacy aud feeling with which they 
were alwaysaccompanied. Under the auspices 
of Bonnel Thornton, the elder Colman, 
Garrick, and some other wits of the age, 
my friend Baldwin set up the St. James’s 
Chronicle, of which he was printer and joint 

roprietor. By mixing with such associates 
Kis intellectual powers, naturally good, were 
much improved, and he became as instruc- 
tive and cheerful a companion as could be 
desired, for either the serious or the social 
hour. 


*© The St. James’s Chronicle, for many 
years deservedly popular, was founded on 
the soundest principles, and was the staunch 
supporter of government. My friend Harry 
was, however, ill requited for his loyalty and 
zeal; for the ministers, whom he laboured 
so faithfully to serve, were ungrateful 
enough to set up a paper in opposition to 
his, and even to withhold intelligence from 
him, in order that it might first appear in 
their paper. It is still conducted by his 
worthy son Mr. Charles Baldwin, with in- 
creased repute, and a circulation far beyond 
that of any other evening paper. I found 
great benefit to my business from advertising 
in this paper, wherein my friend used gene- 
rally to assign me a conspicuous place near 
the Poet’s Corner; and I was by this means 
introduced more especially to the notice of 
the Clergy, who all read the St. James’s 
Chronicle, from the humblest Curate up to 
the Archbishop of Canterbury, and among 
whom [{ have ever had to rank a great num- 
ber of my best customers.” 


** T should be wanting in my habitual re- 
verence for the fair sex, did [ not take this 
opportunity of acknowledging the attractions 
and graces possessed by Miss Boydell at this 
time. Her countenance was of the most 
animated description, and beamed with the 
benevolence which formed the distinguishing 
feature of her character; this benevolence 
she might be considered as inheriting from 
her worthy uncle, who was likewise one of 
the most industrious of men. In this re- 
spect also, his niece resembled him. After 
her marriage with Mr. Nicol, the late king’s 
bookseller, she formed one of the most va- 
luable collections of prints in the kingdom, 
which at her death she ordered to be sold; 
and which, for the most part elegantly 
mounted with her own hands, excited the 
admiration of all beholders, as a surprising 
monument of female perseverance and taste. 
The principal part of this noble collection 
was purchased by his Grace the Duke of 
Buckingham, who appointed as his agent, 
for that purpose, Mr. Smith, the keeper of 
the prints at the British Museum; a gentle- 
man valued by the connoisseurs, for his 
knowledge in the arts, and esteemed by all 
his friends for the goodness of his disposi- 
tion, and the foals vivacity of his 
conversation. To Mr. Nicol, likewise, I 


would 








1824.) 


would here pay that tribute of respect, to 
which he is entitled from his veteranship in 
literature, and the thousand benevolent and 
social qualities which have endeared him to 
a large circle of acquaintance through his 
long life; the evening of which is cheered 
to him by the affectionate and unremitting 
attentions of an amiable niece, who has for 
some years devoted herself entirely to him, 
and whose society and conversation, of no 
common order, must have been doubly va- 
luable to him since the death of his worthy 
wife. 

«<I must now return to the ‘ Free and 
Easy,’ and its politics. We had at least the 
benefit of the earliest intelligence in all 
matters of importance ; for Harrison, the 
printer, who was one of our members, used 
to bring us the Gazette in manuscript, 
which was very agreeable, as it enabled us 
occasionally to appear wiser than our neigh- 
bours. One of the happiest evenings I ever 
spent there, was that on which the late king 
went to Covent Garden Theatre for the first 
time after his long and alarming illness. 
The late Mr. Iliff, the carpenter, a worthy 
man and a good subject, came in and in- 
formed us of the enthusiasm with which his 
Majesty had been greeted ; never indeed 
was more joy exhibited by a loyal people. 
When Mr. Iliff had luded his " 
he struck up ‘ God save the King’ in most 
stentorian tones, in which we all joined 
* heart and voice ;’ and gave the passages 

Confound their politics, 

Frustrate their knavish tricks, 
with peculiar emphasis ; for we were just 
then beginning to suspect that we had got 
a few democrats among us, whose sentiments 
were in direct opposition to those of the 
majority of our party.” 

Mr. Pridden, the bookseller, is thus 
honourably mentioned : 


** He gave up his own business on purpose 
to serve me; in order that I might take up 
my station the very next door to my old 

remises, in the house which, as he said, 
nad been lucky to him, and he hoped would 
be the same to me. Mr. Pridden had, from 
small beginnings, by industry and economy, 
the grand hinges of legitimate wealth, saved 
a comfortable fortune ; insomuch that he 
was enabled to portion his children respect- 
ably, and died worth four thousand pounds. 
An act of such disinterested friendship as 
the relinquishment of a business which he 
found equally profitable and pleasant to him, 
merely to serve a bankrupt neighbour, who 
had to begin the world afresh, deserves a 
more lasting memorial than these few pages 
of mere fleeting interest can give it: but to 
perpetuate it as much as may be in my 





power, I have added a transcript of the 
features of this worthy man, as well as of his 
mind; and I hope my readers will look upon 
it with complacency, as an admirable likeness 





Review.—Brasbridge’s Fruits of Experience. 





237 


of one whose memory is cherished with 
esteem by all who knew him.” 


** The late Doctor Moore, Archhishop of 
Canterbury, was another whose friendship I 
have to bear in grateful estimation. I re- 
member him a poor curate, though always 
the same excellent man; he then lodged 
with a butcher at Charlton in Northampton- 
shire. I did not tell him that I recollected 
him in this situation, though I might have 
done so without fear of giving him offence ; 
for there never was a more modest or humble- 
minded man, though he acquitted himself 
of the duties of his high station with the 
utmost propriety and a becoming dignity, 
I remember his remarking once, that the 
good ship Britannia had experienced adverse 
gales and tempestuous seas, (I thought he 
might at that time have added, ‘ and a re- 
bellious crew,’) but that he made no doubt 
that, by the blessing of Heaven, she would 
get safe into port. The benevolence of this 
worthy man was unbounded: he settled 
thirty pounds per annum upon his old land- 
lord as soon as he came to the see of Can- 
terbury. 

“« There was a Mr. Watts, a person of 
small independent fortune, who resided at 
Brackley; on market-days he kept an open 
table for the neighbouring clergy and gentry. 
Among those who enjoyed his hospitality, 
was Dr. Moore, at that time only a curate ; 
after some time he ceased to appear among 
the a? being questioned as to the cause 
by Mr. Watts, he said, ‘I owe you ten 
— and, not being able yet to pay you, 

cannot come with pleasure to your house 
whilst I am in your debt.’ Mr. Watts en- 
treated him to forget it entirely, assuring 
him that it had no place in his remembrance, 
and, as a proof of it, he had twenty pounds 
more at his service whenever he might have 
occasion for it. Sometime afterwards, Mr. 
Watts himself fell into poverty: Doctor 
Moore was then the Archbishop, and, with 
a grateful remembrance of the kindness he 
had received from him when in a more 
humble station, he settled an annuity upon 
him and his wife, which was continued by 

Mrs. Moore and her son after the Archbi- 
shop’s decease, until Mrs. Watts, who was 
the latest survivor, died, which was in her 
ninety-seventh year. The Archbishop also 
got Watts’s son a place in the Stamp-office, 
and made some provision for the grand- 
children.” 


‘* Admiral Williams, when young, was 
gay, and so addicted to expensive pleasures 
that no remonstrances had the power to re- 
claim him. When his father died, he joined 
the rest of the family to hear the will read : 
his name did not occur among those of the 
other children, and he looked upon the 
omission of it as a testimony of his father's 
resentment against him: at the close of it, 
however, he found himself brought in as re- 
siduary 








238 


siduary legatee, in these words: ¢ All the 
rest of my estates and effects I leave to my 
son Peere Williams, knowing that he will 
ad it all.” The youn; ntleman burst 
} tears; ‘ My father a he, ‘ has 
touched the right string, aud his reproach 
shall not be thrown away.’ From that time 
he altered his luct, and | an or- 
nament to his profession. I am happy to 
add, that the Admiral, though my senior 
by two or three years, is still living in pos- 
session of all his faculties, and in the enjoy- 
ment of vivacity beyond what I have ever 
witnessed in one of such advanced age.” 

«* Mr. Fish met a boy accidentally at 
Hounslow, and was asked by him for six- 
pence. Mr. Fish inquired what he wanted 
it for; the boy replied, to pay the postage 
of a letter to his mother, as he had got a 

ood birth on board of a sloop of war, aud 
written to her to inform her of it. On 
asking the captain’s name, Mr. Fish found 
that he was acquainted with him ; he there- 
fore told the boy to call at his house, when 
he came to London, and he would give 
him a letter to him. This the boy accord- 
dingly did; and Mr. Fish wrote to the cap- 
tain, requesting that he would enter him as 
a midshipman, and he would pay the neces- 
sary expences attendant on it: this was 
done, and I believe the fortunate youth is 
now a lieutenant or captain in his Majesty's 
service, owing to this act of kindness from 
his unknown benefactor.” 

I recollect the first broad-wheeled wag- 
gon that was used in Oxfordshire, and a 
wondering crowd of spectators it attracted. 
I believe at that time there was not a post- 
chaise in England excepting two-wheeled 
ones. Lamps to carriages are also quite a 
modern improvement. A shepherd, who 
was keeping sheep, in the vicinity of a vil- 
lage in Oxfordshire, came running all aghast, 
to say, that a frightful monster with saucer 
eyes, and making a great blowing noise, was 
coming towards the village, at such a rate, 
that he could scarcely keep befure it. All 
the women and children shrieked and scream- 
ed, and fastened themselves up, and the 
men themselves began not to know what to 
think, when they heard a rumbling noise, 
and saw two flaming lights. The monster, 
however, turned out to be a post-chaise, 
with two lamps; and the shepherd returned 
to his sheep, whom he had left to take care 
of themselves.” 

The work abounds with amusing 
anecdotes, similar to the above copious 
extracts. 

We are aware that the Records of 
the Shop, like the “ Annals of the 
Poor,” may provoke a disdzinful smile 
from the proud, and a sneer from the 
critic. But we think our Octogenarian 
will not suffer his complacency to be 
ruffled by such excitements. e has 





Review.—Brasbridge's Fruits of Experience. 


{March, 


not written for a literary name—but 
to illustrate an important truth by a 
strong example. There is a moral in 
his story better calculated to benefit 
his species, than all the romances of 
of the ‘* Great Unknown,”—a moral 
that will speak more effectually to the 
hearts of on readers for whom it is 
designed, than the most eloquent com- 
positions of the learned. 

We should be ashamed of exercising 
our critical acumen, in detecting petty 
blemishes of style in such a work; 
but there are passages and anecdotes 
most unfit for publication, and calcu- 
lated to give pain to the individuals to 
whom they refer. The autobiography 
of an old man should never bea record 
of hisenmities. Like the ‘* poor Fran- 
ciscan,” Nature should have done with 
her ‘* resentments in him.” We are, 
however, persuaded, that the passages 
to which we allude, are but the hectic 
of a moment, and that Mr. Brasbridge 
will avail himself of that opportunity 
which public patronage will most as- 
suredly afford him, to expunge the dis- 
agreeable and the disfiguring, and sub- 
stitute, from the inexhaustible store of 
his grateful recollections, anecdotes xis 
illustrative of the soundness of his me- 
mory, as of the goodness of his heart. 


56. A Narrative of the Sufferings of a French 
Protestant Family at the period of the Re- 
vocation of the Edict of Nantes. Written 
ty John Migault, the Father. Translated 
and now first published from the Original 
Manuscript. 12mo, pp. 182. Butter- 
worth and Son. 

THIS very interesting little volume 
merits our best praise, for the minute 
information it contains of the religious 
persecution which obliged nearly 
500,000 subjects of Louis X1V. to seek 
in foreign lands for that liberty of 
conscience so iniquitously denied them 
in theirown. The Revocation of the 
Edict of Nantes has been properly 
considered not only the most ieapelitic. 
but the most tyrannical act of that 
monarch’s reign; and whilst its enact- 
ment would alone have entitled Henry 
the Fourth to the appellation of Great, 
its repeal has indelibly stained all his 
grandson’s laurels, and was attended 
with results from which France has 
scarcely yet recovered. The wonted 
hospitality of this country encouraged 
a large proportion of these unhappy suf- 
ferers to settle in England, and the 
Government, with equal generosity and 

wisdom, 





1824.) 


wisdom, offered them its protection ; 
in consequence of which a part of the 
suburbs of London was peopled en- 
tirely with refugees, who established 
there the manufactory of silks, and 
some others. 

Among these emigrés was John Mi- 

ault, the author of the narrative be- 

Fore us, who it appears compiled it for 
the perusal of his children; the MS. 
we are told in the preface, is the pro- 
perty of a poor man, lineally descend- 
ed from the writer, now residing near 
Spital-fields, and to whose benefit we 
have no doubt the profits of the sale 
will be appropriated. 

Migault was the son of the Reader, 
Elder,and Scribe of the reformedChurch 
of Mougon, and marrying in January 
1663, in his eighteenth year, settled at 
Moulle in the province of Poictou, as 
a school-master, where seventeen years 
passed in the peaceful fulfilment of his 
humble duties, during which time his 
wife brought him twelve children. In 
the year 1681 hostility to the Protes- 
tants on the part of the Government 
displayed itself by ‘ certain declara- 
tions, excluding them from all civil 
employments, suppressing every officer 
connected with our religion, and ren- 
dering the greater part of us incapable 
of gaining a livelihood.” P. 23. 

This obliged him to remove from 
Moulle to Mougon, where he lived 
undisturbed until the arrival of a regi- 
ment of dragoons in the former town, 
which was rendered an instrument of 
persecution by billeting the soldiers on 
the Protestant inhabitants, whom they 
never quitted until they had reduced to 
a state of complete destitution, whilst 
Papists were totally exempted from 
them. Although we record with re- 
gret Migault’s assertion, that the effect 
of this tyrannical exercise of power 
made numerous apostates, our respect 
is proportionally increased towards 
those who withstood the many induce- 
ments held out to embrace the Catholic 
religion. Some idea of the persecu- 
tions endured by the Protestants may 
be formed from the following extract. 


<< It was generally observed that the mi- 
litary did not retire from any parish while 
the most trifling article remained in the 
possession of any Protestant family which 
might be converted into money. They ex- 
acted daily from their hosts fifteen livres for 
the principal officers, nine livres for a lieu- 
tenant, three livres for a private, and thirty 
sous for the meanest helper; and if this 


Review.—Migault's Narrative, &c. 


239 


monstrous exaction ceased to be punctually 
paid, it was the invariable practice to sel 
the furniture and cattle; or when these were 
disposed of, the very clothes of their un- 
happy hosts.” P. 27. 

*¢ Thus these faithful servants of Christ, 
after having maintained their oppressors, 
some ten, others twenty and more days, 
finding themselves bereft of every thing va- 
luable, to avoid the fury of their enemies, 
would escape by night, with their wives and 
children, and wander in the woods without 
food, and in many instances without rai- 
ment.” P. 28. 

An affecting example is given, which 
want of space obliges us tO pass over. 
Migault first experienced this shame- 
ful visitation in August 1681, when 
he had fifteen horsemen quartered on 
him ; and whilst he was absent from 
home to obtain some of their exor- 
bitant demands, but to which at the 
urgent request of his friends he did 
not return, they subjected his wife to 
treatment at which human nature re- 
coils. This heroic woman had but 
seventeen days before given birth to 
her thirteenth child, when these mon- 
sters drove her from her bed to attend 
on them ; and 

«© No sooner was their suspicion excited 
that I had escaped from their grasp, than 
one of them followed her into a chamber, 
whither she had crept with great bodily 
- for the wine they had demanded; and 
having violently kicked her, forced the poor 
creature back into the sitting room; the 
man then suggested that it would be proper 
to guard and to keep her warm. She was 
thrust into a corner of the chimney, while 
an immense fire was lighted. The soldiers 
even used some of the furniture for fire- 
wood, and in the vain expectation of sub- 
duing her constancy, they profaned the 
name of God in language I dare not repeat, 
threatening to burn their victim unless she 
immediately renounced Protestanism. So 
intolerable was the heat, that the men felt 
themselves unable to remain near the fire, 
and the person who was placed close to yout 
mother, was relieved every two or three mi- 
nutes. This admirable woman, knowing in 
whom she believed, did not for a moment 
lose the composure of her mind. She cast 
all her cares and sufferings upon her Sa- 
viour ; repelled their repeated importunities 
to change her religion with equal mildness 
and resolution, until, swooning away, she 
became insensible to farther insult and in- 
jury.” P. 36, 37. 


From this perilous scene she was at 
last released, at the interposition of the 
Prior ; for the solicitations of her fe- 
male neighbours, even on their knees, 

had 











240 


had no avail on these wretches. Mi- 
gault was now for some time home- 
Jess, and without occupation; his fa- 
mily, from motives of security, scatter- 
ed, and himself subsisting on the kind- 
ness of friends, but of which he was 
soon deprived from considerations of 
their own security. He then went to 
Rochelle, where many families of this 
rsecuted religion embarked for Hol- 
and and England. In October he 
again returned to Mougon, but was 
soon driven from it by another visit 
from soldiers, who destroyed the little 
which the former ravagers had spared, 
and whose conduct was scarcely less 
barbarous than that of their predeces- 
sors. During the whole of the month 
of November, Middle Poitou was the 
theatre of similar abominable scenes. 
In January 1682 our author settled 
at Mantze, where he enjoyed uninter- 
rupted comfort until about the end of 
February in the following year, when 
he was deprived of his invaluable part- 
ner, who died soon after the birth of 
her fourteenth child, and of whom he 
always speaks in terms which genuine 
affection alone could dictate. The re- 


newal of his misfortunes sy fol- 


lowed the loss of his wife; for the dra- 
goons again visited Poitou, and com- 
pleted the work of devastation on the 
property of Protestants. ‘The Reform- 
ed Churches now became subjected to 
the arbitrary proceedings of the Cours 
Souveraines, and the Intendants of 
Provinces, 

«‘ Where accusation and condemnation 
were synonymous terms; for when no sub- 
ject of complaint existed, one was invented, 
and thus nearly every Reformed Church, not 
only in the Province of Poitou, but through- 
out the kingdom, was destroyed or inter- 
dicted.” P. 72. 


That of Mautze, however, escaped 
the general desolation, until Sept. 23, 
1685, when the cavalry entered the 
town, and robbed it of all its contents. 
Previous to this event, Migault had 
prudently prepared for persecution, by 
again separating his large family ; and 
he once more became a fugitive with- 
out a home, and almost without a 
friend. The following frightful por- 
trait of the state of society, at that mo- 
ment, is too appalling to be omitted : 

** It seemed impossible to elude the vigi- 
lance of the cavalry: they pervaded the 
whole province, and the persons whose ten- 
derness of disposition, and love of hospitality, 
rendered them objects of suspicion, received 


Review.—Migault’s Narrative, &c. 


[Marech, 


every day domiciliary visits. It was become 
extremely dangerous to afford shelter tu any 
unhappy fugitive. Every body was under 
the influence of terror, a brother scarcely 
dared receive a brother :—in the course of 
this month I passed three days with mine, 
and his consternation lest it should be 
known that he afforded me shelter, was 
beyond what I could conceive.” Pp. 80, 81, 


Our limits prevent our following 
this unfortunate sufferer in his wander- 
ings. ‘Tortured by anxiety for a be- 
loved family, without even a roof to 
shelter him from the elements, and de- 
prived almost of hope to brighten his 
calamities, we @an scarcely be sur- 
prized, however much we must la- 
ment, to learn that his fortitude at 
length deserted him, and that in a fatal 
moment he abandoned the surest, 
safest solace of the afflicted, and apos- 
tatized. Let those who are disposed 
to censure him with severity, read his 
trials and temptations, but above all 
let them attentively peruse the bitter 
remorse with which it was attended, 
and they will, we are persuaded, unless 
totally destitute of Christian charity, 
rather pity than condemn. Reflection 
speedily showed him his error, and he 
returned to the open profession of that 
faith for which he afterwards aban- 
doned his native land. The difficulty 
of emigration, from the vigilance of 
the police, Voltaire and other histo- 
rians have informed us was extremely 
great, aad this is fully confirmed by 
this journal. Twice did Migault en- 
deavour to leave France before he suc- 
ceeded, and the obstacles he surmount- 
ed, in bringing away his numerous 
children, sufficiently prove the danger 
with which it was attended. e 
accomplished this necessary object 
in April 1688, and arrived at Am- 
sterdam, whence we presume he 
came to this country, for his narrative 
terminates with his arrival in that city. 
It is impossible to take leave of this 
work without expressing the reverence 
with which it impressed us, for that 
unaffected piety, and reliance on Pro- 
vidence, by which the writer was so 
eminently actuated. Nor must his 
short, though lamentable apostacy 
lessen our respect, because repentance, 
sincere, heartfelt, and we trust accept- 
able repentance, quickly succeeded it. 
To the historian, this little volume is 
of considerable value ; for a general ac- 
count of this period, and of the politi- 
cal eflects of Louis the Fourteenth’s 

bigoted 





1824.] Revisw.—Secret Memoirs 
bigoted conduct, we can turn to va- 
rious sources of information ; but for 
a circumstantial narrative of the perse- 
cutions endured in consequence of the 
revocation of this celebrated Edict, 
written by a sufferer, and possessiug 
such internal evidence of veracity, we 
believe Migault’s Journal stands alone 
in the works on that event. We 
should add, that the style is so uni- 
formly good, that we somewhat suspect 
the translation is not so literal as it 
ought to be. 

By one portion of society—the de- 
scendants of those who emigrated to 
England on that occasion, this volume 
must be eagerly sought; and if they 
before felt respect for the independ- 
ency of their ancestors’ condyct in 
“« preferring liberty and their altars 
in a foreign land, to the alternative of 
apostacy or persecution in their own,” 
we are convinced the perusal of it will 
much increase their esteem. 

On every account we warmly wish 
success to this narrative, and trust that 
the praiseworthy object of those indi- 
viduals to whom we are indebted for 
its publication, will be fully realized 
by the profits of the sale materially 
ameliorating the situation of Migault’s 


descendant, and by the reflection that 
to their charitable disposition we owe 
a volume replete with interest and in- 


formation. 


—_-g— 

57. Secret Memoirs of the Court of Louis 
XIV. and of the Regency, extracted from 
the German Correspondence of the Duchess 
of Orleans, Mother of the Regent ; pre- 
ceded by a Notice of this Princess, and ac- 
companied with Notes [and a fine Portrait]. 
8vo, pp. 472. Whittakers. 
EvizaBeTH-CuHarLottse, Duchess 

of Orleans, born July 7, 1652, was 

the daughter of the Elector Palatine 

Charles Louis, and of the Princess 

Charlotte of Hesse-Cassel. The man- 

ners of the age were gross, and her 

poor mother having complained of the 
insolence of the Elecior’s mistress, was 
absolutely struck by his Serene High- 
ness, and then regularly divorced. 

The Elector, however, had sense 

enough to see that however feast-like 

vice may be to adults, it is certainly 
very unwholesome fer children, and 

that corruption of a daughter in such a 

school as his court, would detract from 

his popularity, and be a perpetual tooth- 
Gent. Mac, March, 1824. 


7 


of the Court of Lewis XIV. 241 


ache of remorse. He, therefore, sent 
the Princess to his sister the Electress 
Sophia, mother of George J. of Eng- 
land. Ugly as the Princess declares 
herself to be (though her portrait shows 
her to be, consistently with her cha- 
racter, a handsome man of the female 
sex,of Elizabethan phrenological head, ) 
she was, through an exeellent educa- 
tion, rendered capable of commanding 
importance, by judgment and intellec- 
tual habits. In short, she was a wo- 
man of strong sense, who could not be 
despised. Louis XIV. had indulged 
in speculations for annexing the Im- 
perial Crown of Germany to his here- 
ditary monarchy ; and Henrietta of 
Enaland, first wife of his brother the 
Duke of Orleans, having been conve- 
niently poisoned, the acquisition of 
Elizabeth -Charlotte for a sister-in- 
law, might furnish a landing-place, 
or half-way house, after crossing the 
Rhine. Accordingly at the age of 
nineteen, in 1671, A was married to 
Monsieur, who, as she perceived from 
the first interview, did not like her 
(p. 9), because, from his effeminate 
deine and narrow understanding, 
such a marriage to him was like wed- 
ding a school-mistress. Add to this, 
the lady herself was addicted to bas- 
bleuing, and passionately fond of horses, 
dogs, hunting, theatricals, and always 
in full dress, or wearing a man’s wig 
and a riding-habit. After she had 
borne three children to Monsieur, 
of whom two only survived (the 
Regent, and the Duchess of Lor- 
raine), it was deemed suflicient time 
by the husband to dissolve the part- 
nership. This event Madame de- 
scribes in the following manner ; and 
the enviable coolness with which the 
affair was transacted on both sides, is 
a fine specimen of court-manners. 


‘“¢ T was very glad when, after the birth 
of my daughter, my husband propased sepa- 
rate beds; for to tell the truth, I was never 
very fond of having children. When he 
proposed it to me, I answered, ‘ Yes, Mon- 
sieur, I shall be very well contented with 
the arrangement, provided you do not hate 
me, and that you will continue to behave 
with some kindness to me.’ He promised, 
and we were very well satisfied with each 
other. It was, besides, very disagreeable to 
sleep with Monsieur; he could not bear 
any one to touch him when he was asleep, 
so that I was obliged to lie on the very edge 
of the bed; whence it sometimes happened 

that 





g Review.—Secret Memoirs of the Court of Lewis XIV. (March, 


that I fell out like a sack. I was, there- 
fore, enchanted, when Monsieur proposed 
to me in friendly terms, and without any 
anger, to lie in separate rooms, I obeyed 
the late Monsieur by not troubling him 
with my embraces, and always conducted 
myself towards him with respect and sub- 
mission.” Pp, 51, 52. 


This last sentence, in our opi- 
nion, discloses a secret. ‘The Princess 
had seen, in the example of her mo- 
ther, how dangerous it was to inter- 
fere with the amours of Royal hus- 
bands ; and probably considered, that, 
by patience, she would be left in 
peaceable enjoyment of all remaining 
comforts, She certainly managed in- 
comparably well to keep her cap so up- 
right as she did, during the whole 
reign of Louis; for she effected this 
successfully in utter defiance of Mes- 
dames Montespan, Maintenon, and 
all the King’s favourites, who were 
unable to go beyond teazing her. Her 
mode of life was this : 


** She did nothing but write from morn- 
ing till night. Immediately after rising, 
which was always about ten, she sat down 
to her toilette: thence she passed to her 
cabinet, when after having spent sometime 
in prayer, she continued writing until the 
hour of mass. After mass, she wrote until 
dinner, where she did not spend much time; 
she returned to write, and remained thus 
engaged until ten in the evening. ‘Towards 
niue o'clock, she would be seen in her cabi- 
net, seated at a large table, surrounded by 
papers; near her was placed an ombre table, 
where generally Madame la Marichale de 
Clerampault, and other ladies of the Prin- 
cess’s household, were playing. Occasionally 
Madame would look on, and would some- 
times advise in the game, as she continued 
writing ; at other times, she would converse 
with the persons who formed her court. I 
have seen her go to sleep, and in a minute 
afterwards awake and fall to writing again.” 
P. 20. 

This writing consisted, says the Edi- 
tor (p. 35), in letters very long, “ which 
contain a perfect scandalous chronicle,” 
and it is shocking, he adds, *‘ to per- 
ceive from her leiters, that she was 
almost the confidante of the Regent’s 
fher son's] debaucheries” (p. 233). 
We attribute it to the corruption of 
the profligate court of the wra. Adul- 
tery was quite common, and poisoning 
frequent and unrevenged ; often not 
investigated. She contrived, however, 
to live out her time; and died of a 
dropsy, Dec. 8, 1722. Massillon pro- 
nounced her funeral oration at Saint 


Denis. Some persons, who did not 
love her, made an epitaph insulting to 
her son, but which was not.to be con- 
tradicted. ‘* Here lies Idleness.” It 
is known what Idleness is the mother 
of. P. 35. 

What our readers have to expect in 
this book, is a large mass of curious 
historical information. For instance, 
few of our readers would suppose that 
Lewis XIV. could not endure to hear 
politicks talked (p. 69), and would tell 
people, whom he liked, every thing 
that he had heard, which made it dan- 
gerous to talk to him (p. 70); that he 
scarcely knew how to read and write 
(ibid), and was as ignorant of religion 
as a man could possibly be. 

*¢ Tinat old Maintenon and Pere la Chaise, 
had persuaded him that all the sins he had 
committed with Madame de Montespan 
would be pardoned, if he persecuted and ex- 
tirpated the professors of the reformed reli- 
gion; and that this was the only path to 
heaven. The poor King believed it fer- 
vently, for he had never seen a bible in his 
life; and immediately after this, the perse- 
cution commenced.” P, 80. 

The French are not a clean people, 
even in palaces, and we find (p. 95) 
that 

«The King and Monsieur had been ac- 
customed from their childhood to great fil- 
thiness in the interior of their houses; so 
much so, that they did not know it ought 
to be otherwise ; and yet in their persons 
they were particularly neat.” P. 95. 


Louis was such a gourmand, that 
he would eat at a sitting four platefuls 
of different soups, a whole pheasant, a 

artridge, a plateful of salad, mutton 
Frashed with garlick, two good sized 
slices of ham, a dish of pastry, and, 
afierwards, fruit and sweetmeats (p. 


09). The descendant Bourbons are 
slandered for having appetites of consi- 
derable action; but this appears to 
have been one of a four or five man 
power. 

Louis XIV. has been called the 
grand-monarque, and certainly he made 
a great noise in the world; but these 
memoirs show it to have been the 
mere noise of a gong. He was very 
ignorant, and incapable of business. 

The book abounds with admirable 
touches of naiveté and point. The 
following are capital specimens. 


*¢ Madame de Longueville was tired to 
death of being in Normandy, where her 
husband was. Those who were about her 
said, * Mon Dieu, Madame, you are eaten up 

with 





1824.] 


with ennui; will you not take some amuse- 
ment? ‘There are dogs and a beautiful 
forest ; will you hunt?’ ‘ No,’ she replied, 
© I don’t like hunting.’ ¢ Will you work ?’ 
* No, I don’t like work.’ * Will you take a 
walk, or play at some game.’ ‘ No, I like 
neither the one nor the other.” ‘ What 
will you do then?’ they asked. ¢ What can 
I do,’ she said; ¢ I hate innocent pleasures.” 
P. 182. 


The following song was made upon 
the infidel Bolingbroke, who had 
fallen in love with a girl who had run 
away from a convent. The sarcasm is 
inimitable. 

*¢ Bolingbroke, est tu possed¢ ? 

Quel est ton desir chimerique 

De t’amuser 4 chevaucher 

La fille de Saint-Dominique ? 

Crois-iu que d'elle et d'un Torris (Tory) 

Il en puisse naitrel Antichrist?” P.388. 


Lady Gordon was one of the Du- 
chess’s establishment. She was always 
plunged in reveries ; and wheu speak- 
ing to a man, was in the habit of play- 
ing with the buttons of his waistcoat. 


‘¢ Having one day some occasion to talk 
to the Chevalier Buveon, a Captain in the 
late Monsieur’s guard, and he being a very 
tall man, she could only reach his waist- 
band, which she begun to unbutton. The 
poor gentleman was quite horror stricken, 
and startled back, crying, ‘ For heaven's 
sake, madam, what are you going to do.’ 
This incident caused a great laugh in the 
saloon of Saint Cloud.” P. 389. 


Saint Francois de Sales, who was 
canonized for founding a new order of 
Nuns, had been very intimate with the 
elder Marshal de Villeroi. The latter 
could not bring himself to call his old 
friend a Saint. He used to say, 


«*] was delighted when I saw M. de Sales 
become a Saint; he used to delight in talk- 
ing indecently, and always cheated at play. 
The Archbishop of Aix was asked, if a 
sharper could be a saint? He said, as a 
reason for it, that he gave all his wiunings 
to the poor’.” P. 452. 

The following instances of rustick 
étourderie are amusing : 

«« A village pastor was examining his pa- 
rishioners in their Catechism. The first 
question in the Heidelberg Catechism is this : 
«« What is thy only consolation in life 
and in death? A young girl, to whom the 
pastor put this question, laughed, and 
would not answer. The Priest insisted. 
* Well, then,” said she, ‘ at length, if I 
must tell you, it is the young shoemaker, 
who lives in the Rue Agneaux.” P. 453. 

*‘ The late Madame de Nemours had 


Review.—Secret Memoirs of the Court of Lewis XIV. 


243 


charitably brought up a poor child. When 
the child was about nine years old, she said 
to her benefactress, ‘ Madame, no one can 
be more grateful for your charity than I am, 
and I cannot acknowledge it better, than by 
telling every body I am your daughter; but 
do not be alarmed, I will not say that I am 
your lawful child, only your illegitimate 


daughter’.” P. 454, 


It is well known, that William ITI. 
and his Queen Mary of England, did 
not live on the happiest terms. It is 
said in this work (p. 437), that Count 
d’Avaux, the French Ambassador, 
claimed the honour of having had a 
secret interview with her, at the apart- 
ments of one of her maids of honour, 
Madame Treslane. The Prince of 
Orange becoming acquainted with the 
affair, dismissed the young lady, but 
invented some other pretext, that the 
real cause might not be known. P. 
437. 

Entertaining and curious as_ this 
work is, we detest secret memoirs ; 
and would recommend to sovereigns 
the rule of the Admiralty, with regard 
to officers, of demanding the resignation 
of all notes and papers, which they have 
made during voyages. In the same 


manner, all such papers should be 
given - and burnt. 


Against ill-na- 
ture and misconstruction, for people 
cannot always live in state, no person 
can guard ; and to permit wretches of 
such principles tocirculate their venom, 
is to bring authority into disrepute, 
and virtue into distrust. Prominent 
vices must inevitably expose them- 
selves ; and of what service is it to the 
publick, to keep spies to prove to us, 
that a notorious street-walker isa pros- 
titute? Hypocrisy itself is prover- 
bially a decent respect paid to virtue. 


——-G— 


58. Private Correspondence of William Cow- 
pet, Esq. with several of his most inti- 
mate Friends, now first published from the 
Originals in the possession of his Kinsman, 
John Johnson, LL.D. 2 vols. 8vo, Por- 
traits. Colburn. 


WE have been highly gratified with 
the perusal of these lively and enter- 
taining letters; the greater part of 
which exhibit frequent marks of that 
playful humour which is so peculiar to 
the Author of the “ Task.” The Edi- 
tor, previous to publication, submitted 
them to the opinion of one of the best 
judges of composition that this count 
has to boast —the Rev. Robert Hall, 

of 











244 


of Leicester, who, in a letter addressed 
to the Editor, observes, 

“It is quite unnecessary to say that I 
perused the letters with great admiration and 
delight. I have always considered the letters 
of Mr. Cowper as the finest specimen of the 
epistolary style in our language, and ‘hese 
appear to me of a superior description to 
the former, possessing as much beauty with 
more piety and pathos. To an air of an ini- 
mitable ease and carelessness, they unite a 
high degree of correctness, such as could 
result only from the clearest intellect, com- 
bined with the most finished taste. I have 
scarcely found a single word which is capa- 
ble of being changed for a better. Literary 
errors I can discover none. The selection 
of the words andthe structure of the periods 
are inimitable ; they present as striking a 
contrast as can well be conceived, to the 
turgid verbosity which passes at present for 
fine writing, und which bears a great resem- 
blance to the degeneracy which marks the 
style of Ammianus Marcellinus, as com- 
pared to that of Cicero or Livy. A perpe- 
tual effort and struggle is made to supply 
the place of vigour, garish and dazzling co- 
lours are substituted for chaste ornament, and 
the hideous distortions of weakness for native 
strength. In my humble opinion the study 
of Cowper's prose may, cn this account, be 
as useful in forming the taste of young peo- 
ple as his poctry. That these letters will 
afford great delight to all persons of true 
taste, and that you will confer a most ac- 
ceptable present on the reading world by 
publishing them, will not admit of a doubt.” 


Afier such testimony to the merits 
of the epistolary style of Cowper 
from so high an authority, it woulfhe 
presumption to add a syllable. We 
will therefore select a few extracts, in 
which the mingled character of Cow- 
per is finely displayed. 

*©To Joseph Hill, Esq. Aug. 27, 1771. 
Congratulations on his Marriage. 

«¢ Dear Sir,—I take a friend’s share in 
all your concerns, so far as they come to 
my knowledge, and consequently did not 
receive the news of your marriage with in- 
difference. I wish you and your bride all 
the happiness that belongs to the state ; and 
the still greater felicity of that state which 
marriage is only a type of. All those con- 
nections shall be dissolved, but there is an 
indissoluble bond between Christ and his 
Church, the subject of derision to an un- 
thinking world, but the glory and happiness 
of all his people. I join with your mother 
and sisters in their joy upon the present 
occasion, and beg my affectionate respects 
to them, and to Mrs. Hill unknown.” 

“To Joseph Hill, Esq., July 13, 1777. 
Selection of Books. 
«¢ My dear Friend,—You need not give 


Review.—Cowper's Correspondence. 





[March, 
yourself any further trouble to procure me 
the South Sea Voyages. Lord Dartmouth, 


who was here about a month since, and 
was so kind as to pay me two visits, has 
furnished me with both Cook’s and For- 
rester’s. "Tis well for the poor natives of 
those distant countries that our national 
expences cannot be supplied by cargoes of 
yams and bananas. Curiosity, therefore, 
being once satisfied, they may possibly be 
permitted for the future to enjoy their 
riches of that kind in peace. If when you 
are most at leisure, you can find out Baker 
on the Microscope, or Vincent Bourne’s 
Latin Poems, the last edition, and send 
them, I shall be obliged to you. Either or 
both if they can be easily found.” 


** To Joseph Hill, Esq., July 8, 1780. 
The Riots of 1780. 

* Dear Sir,—By this time, I suppose, 
you have ventured to take your fingers out 
of your ears, being delivered from the deaf- 
ening shouts of the most zealous mob that 
ever strained their lungs in the cause of reli- 
gion. I congratulate you upon a gentle 
relapse into the customary sounds of a great 
city, which, though we rustics abhor them, 
as noisy and dissonant, are a musical and 
sweet murmur, compared with what you 
have lately heard. The tinkling of a ken- 
nel may be distinguished now, where the 
roaring of a cascade would have been sunk 
and lost. I never suspected, till the news- 
papers informed me of it, a few days since, 
that the barbarous uproar had reached 
Great Queen-street. I hope Mrs. Hill was 
in the country, and shall rejoice to hear 
that, as Lam sure you did not take up the 
Protestant cudgels upon this hair-brained 
occasion, so you have not been pulled in 
pieces as a Papist.” 


“To the Rev. John Newton, Sept 8, 
1783. Cowper’s Mental Sufferings. 


«« My Dear Friend,—I have lately been 
more dejected and more aeaahel than 
usual, more harassed by dreams in the 
night, and more deeply poisoned by them 
in the following day. I know not what is 
portended by an alteration for the worse, 
after eleven years of misery, but firmly be- 
lieve that it is not designed as an intro- 
duction of a change for the better. You 
know not what I have suffered while you were 
here, nor was there any need you should, 
Your friendship for me would have made you 
in some degree a partaker of my woes ; and 
your share in them would have increased 
by your inability to help me. Perhaps, 
indeed, they took a keener edge from the 
consideration of your presence. The friend 


of my heart, the person with whom | had 
formerly taken sweet counsel, no longer 
useful to me as a minister, no longer plea- 
sant tome as a Christian, was a spectacle 
that must, necessarily add the bitterness 
of mortification to the sadness of despair. 

I now 











1824.] 


I now see a long winter before me, and am to 
get through it as Tcan. I know the ground 
before I tread upon it. It is hollow; itis 
agitated ; it suffers shocks in every direction ; 
it is like the soil of Calabria—all whirlpool 
and undulation: but F must reel through it, 
if I be not swallowed up by the way.” 


«To the Rev. William Bull, Feb. 22, 
1784. Unknown benefactor to the Poor 
of Olney. 

«¢ My dear Friend,—I owe you thanks 
for your kind remembrance of me in your 
letter sent me on occasion of your depar- 
ture, and as many for that which I received 
last night. I should have answered, had I 
known where a line or two from me might 
find you; but, uncertain whether you were 
at home or abroad, my diligence, I confess, 
wanted the necessary spur. It makes a ca- 
pital figure among the comforts we enjoyed 
during the long severity of the season, that 
the same incognito to all except ourselves, 
made us his almoners this year likewise, as 
he did the last, and to the same amount. 
Some we have been enabled, I suppose, to 
save from perishing, and certainly many 
from the most pinching necessity. Are you 
not afraid, Tory as you are, to avow your 
principles to me, who am a Whig? Know 
that I am in the opposition ; that though I 
pity the King, I do not wish him success 
in the present contest. But this is too long 
a battle to fight on paper. Make haste 
that we may decide it face to face. 

“¢ Our respects wait upon Mrs, Bull, and 
our love upon the young Hebrean. I wish 
you joy of his proficiency, and am glad that 
you can say, with the old man in Terence, 
«¢ Omnes continud laudare fortunas meas 
Qui natum haberem tali ingenio praditum.” 


The following extracts, relative to 
Dr. Johnsen, will interest our rea‘lers : 

<¢T have no objection in the world to 
your conveying a copy to Dr. Johnson : 
though I well know that one of his pointed 
sarcasms, if he should happen to be dis- 
pleased, would soon find its way into all 
companies, and spoil the sale. He writes, 
indeed, like a man that thinks a great deal, 
and that sometimes thinks religiously: but 


report informs me that he has been severe" 


enough in his animadversions upon Dr. 
Watts, who was nevertheless, if I wim in any 
degree a judge of verse, a man of true poe- 
tical ability; careless, indeed, for the most 
part, and inattentive too often to those 
niceties which constitute elegance of expres- 
sion, but frequently sublime in his concep- 
tions, and masterly in his execution. Pope, 
I have heard, had placed him once in the 
Dunciad; but, on being advised to read be- 
fore he judged him, was convinced that he 
deserved other treatment, and thrust some- 
body's blockhead into the gap, whose name, 
consisting of a monosyllable, happened to 


Review.—Cowper's Correspondence. 


245 


fit it. Whatever faults, however, f may be 
chargeable with as a poet, I cannot accuse 
myself of negligence. I never suffer a line 
to pass till I have made it as good as I can ; 
and though my doctrines may offend this 
king of critics, he will not, I flatter myself, 
be disgusted Ly slovenly inaccuracy, either 
in the numbers, rhymes, or language. Let 
the rest take its teeny It is possible he 
may be pleased; and if he should, I shall 
have engaged on my side one of the best 
trumpeters in the kingdom. Let him only 
speak as favourably of me as he has spoken 
of Sir Richard Blackmore (who, though he 
shines in his poem called Creation, has 
written more absurdities in verse than any 
writer of our country,) and my success will 
be secured.”... . 

.--* Tam glad to be undeceived respect- 
ing the opinion I had been erroneously led 
into on the subject of Johnson's criticism 
ou Watts. Nothing can be more judicious, 
cr more characteristic of a distinguishing 
taste, than his observations upon that wri- 
ter; though [ think him a little mistaken 
in his notion, that divine subjects have 
never been poetically treated with success. 
A little more Christian knowledge and expe- 
rience would perhaps enable him to discover 
excellent poetry, upon spiritual themes, in 
the aforesaid little Doctor. I perfectly ac- 
quiesce in the propriety of sending Johnson 
a copy of my productions; and I think it 
would be well to send it in our joint names, 
accompanied with a handsome card, such an 
one as you well know how to fabricate, and 
such as may predispose him to a favourable 
perusal of the book, by coaxing him into a 
good temper: for he is a great bear, with 
all his learning and penetration.”’...... 

** Retirement grows, but more slowly than 
any of its predecessors. ‘Time was when I 
could with ease produce fifty, sixty, or 
seventy lines in a morning; now, I gene- 
rally fall short of thirty, and am sometimes 
forced to be content with a dozen. It con- 
sists at present, I suppose, of between six 
aud seven hundred; so that there are hopes 
of an end, and I dare say Johnson * will give 
me time enough to finish it. 

I nothing add but this—that still 1 am 

Your most affectionate and humble 

Witt.” 

he extracts we have thus given, 
will enable our readers to form an idea 
of the value of the whole collection; a 
more pleasing and intellectual treat the 
Literary world has not for a long time 
received: and we rise from the perusal 
of these volumes with increased senti- 
ments of admiration and respect towards 
one of the most popular poets that our 
country has ever produced. 


* Cowper's Bookseller. 


59. The 














246 


59. The Book of the Church. By Robert 
Southey, Esq. LL.D. Poet Laureate, 2 
vols. 8v0, pp. 922. Murray. 


LIKE his predecessor Dryden, the 
prose of the present Poet Laureate is as 
valuable as his verse. As a biographer, 
Dr. Southey’s Lives of Nelson, of 
Kirke White, and of Wesley, will 
always rank in the first class; as an 
historian, his Brazil and Peninsular 
War place him in an honourable 
rank ; and his present work is calcu- 
lated to add another wreath to his lau- 
relled brow. 

In a brief introduction, Dr. Southey 
states, what meets our hearty concur- 
rence, that ‘* manifold as are the bless- 
ings for which Englishmen are be- 
holden to the institutions of their coun- 
try, there is no part of those institu- 
tions from which they derive more im- 

rtant advantages than from its Church 
i akihianieh ante by which the 
temporal condition of all ranks has 
been so materially improved.” 

He then commences with a view of 
the remains of patriarchal faith among 
the Britons, tracing the progress of 
our religious and domestic institutions 
with the hand of a master, to the com- 
plete establishment of Christianity in 
this country. 

«¢ It is said that the first Church was 
erected at Glastonbury; and this tradition 
may seem to deserve credit, because it was 
not contradicted in those ages when other 
Churches would have found it profitable to 
advance a similar pretension. The building 
is described as a rude structure of wicker- 
work, like the dwellings of the people in 
those days, and differing from them only in 
its dimensions, which were threescore feet 
in length, and twenty-six in breadth. An 
Abbey was afterwards erected there, one of 
the finest of those edifices, and one of the 
most remarkable for the many interesting 
circumstances connected with it. The de- 
struction of this beautiful and venerable 
fabric is one of the crimes by which our re- 
formation was sullied.” 


We shall not attempt an analysis of 
this able work, which we doubt not 
will be perused with profit as well as 
interest, by most of our readers ; but 
shall at once proceed to give some ex- 
tracts. The critical acuteness with 
which the characters of the individuals 
are estimated, affords proofs how deeply 
Dr. Southey has studied the history of 
his country. Of Becket’s death there 
is a very minute and interesting ac- 
count, but we have not room for it; 


Revizew.—Southey’s Book of the Church. 





[March, 


and shall hasten to a more recent pe- 
riod, that of the dawn of the Rebyr. 
mation. 


** Wicliffe held some erroneous opinions, 
some fantastic ones, and some which, in 
their moral and political consequences, are 
most dangerous. Considering the intrepi- 
dity and ardour of his mind, it is surprising 
that his errors were not more and greater. 
A great and admirable man he was; his 
fame, high as it is, is not above his deserts; 
and it suffers no abat t upon pari 
son with the most illustrious of those who 
have followed in the path which he opened. 
His writings were carried into Bohemia by 
one of the natives of that country, whom 
the marriage of their Princess with Richard 
II. brought into England. From the perusal 
of them, John Huss imbibed those opinions 
concerning the Papal Church for which he 
suffered heroically at the stake, to his own 
eternal honour, and to the perpetual infamy 
of the council which condemned him, and 
of the emperor who suffered the safe con- 
duct which he had given him to be broken ; 
and Huss prepared the way for Luther.” 

Wicliffe, by a natural death, escaped 
that fiery persecution which was then 
rising against the reformed religion, 
and which followed him to his grave ; 
for his remains were afterwards dug 
up and burnt to ashes. The first vic- 
tim of Papists was William Sautre, a 
parish priest in London, who was 
burnt alive :— 

*¢ The second victim who was brought 
to the stake was a tailor, from the diocese of 
Gloucester, by name John Badby.” 





Neither age nor sex were spared ; 
and, during the reign of Henry VII. 
to his eternal disgrace, many females 
perished :— 

** Among the victims whom they brought 
to the stake was a woman of some quality, 
Joan Boughton by name, the first female 
martyr in England: she was more than 
eighty years of age, and was held in such 
reverence for her virtue, that, during the 
night after her martyrdom, her ashes were 
collected, to be preserved as relics for pious 
and affectionate remembrance. Her daugh- 
ter, the Lady Young, suffered afterwards 
the same cruel death, with equal constancy. 
At Amersworth, when William Tylsworth 
was burnt, his only daughter, as being sus- 
pected of heresy, was compelled not only to 
witness his death, but with her own hands 
to set fire to him !” 


We have no wish to make our Re- 
view a martyrology ; and yet it is diffi- 
cult to pass over those burning and 


shining lights who sealed with their 
lives their zeal for the faith. Among 
the 














1S24.] Rsvisw.—Southey'’s Book of the Church. 247 


the martyrs of those days, Thomas 
Bilney will ever be held in reverence, 
as will the victim of whom the follow- 
ing singular anecdote is related :— 


«« Bilney’s example, in all parts, was fol- 
lowed by James Bainham, of the Middle 
‘Temple, the son of a Gloucestershire knight. 
Having been flogged and racked, without 
effect, to make him accuse others of hold- 
ing the same opinions as himself, the fear 
of death induced him to abjure, and bear a 
faggot. But a month had scarcely elapsed, 
before he stood up in the face of the con- 
gregation in St. Austin’s Church, with the 
English Testament in his hand, and, openly 
proclaiming that he had denied the truth, 
declared that, if he did not return to it, 
that book would condemn him at the day of 
judgment; and exhorted all who heard him 
rather to suffer death than fall as he had 
fallen; for all the world’s good would not 
induce him again to feel such a hell as he 
had borne within him since the hour of his 
abjuration. He was accordingly brought to 
the stake in Smithfield; and there, to the 
astonishment of the spectators, when his 
extremities were half consumed, he cried 
aloud, ‘ O ye Papists, ye look for miracles, 
and behold a miracle ; for in this fire ] feel 
no pain;—it is to me as a bed of roses!’ 
The fact may be believed, without suppos- 
ing a miracle, or even recurring to that 
almost miraculous power which the mind 
sometimes can exercise over the body. 
Nature is more merciful to us than man to 
man; this was a case in which excess of 
pain had destroyed the power of suffering ; 
no other bodily feeling was left but that of 
ease after torture ; while the soul triumphed 
in its victory, and in the sure anticipation 
of its immediate and eternal reward.” 


Abp. Cranmer is deservedly a great 
favourite with Dr. Southey : 

“© If Henry had always listened to this 
faithful counsellor (Cranmer), the Reforma- 
tion would have proceeded as temperately 
in all other respects as with regard to doc- 
trine, and the reproach which was brought 
upon it, by the destruction of the religious 
houses, would have been averted. Tole- 
rated upon their ¢hen present footing, those 
ccnuhlickmente could not be. They were 
the strong holds of popery, the manufacto- 
ries of Romish fraud, the nurseries of Ro- 
mish superstition. If religion was to be 
cleared from the gross and impious fables 
with which it was well nigh smothered; if 
the Manichean errors and practices which 
had corrupted it were to be rooted out; if 
the scandalous abuses connected with the 
belief of purgatory were to be suppressed ; 
if the idolatrous worship of saiuts and 
images was to be forbidden ; if Christianity 
and not monkery, was to be the religion of 
the land ;—theu was a radical change in the 





constitution of the monasteries necessary : 
—St. Francis, St. Dominic, and their fel- 
lows, must dislodge, with all their trum- 
pery, and the legendary give place to the 
Bible. 

** Therefore Cranmer advised the dissolu- 
tion of the monasteries, as a measure indis- 
pensable for the stability of the Reforma- 
tion; and that out of their revenues more 
bishoprics should be founded, so that, dio- 
ceses being reduced into less compass, every 
bishop might be able to fulfil the duties of 
his office. And to every Cathedral he would 
have annexed a College of Students in Divi- 
nity, and Clergymen, from whom the dio- 
cese should be supplied. More than this 
might justly have been desired. After a 
certain number of monasteries had been thus 
dispose of, others should have been pre- 
served for those purposes of real and unde- 
niable utility connected with their original 
institution; some as establishments for 
single women, which public opinion had 
sanctified, and which the progress of society 
was rendering in every generation more and 
more needful; others as seats of literature 
and of religious retirement. Reformed con- 
vents, in which the members were bound 
by no vow, and burdened with no supersti- 
tious observances, would have been a bless- 
ing to the country. 

*¢ Cranmer’s advice was taken as to the 
dissolution ; in other respects it was little 
regarded, though to him it is owing that 
any thing was saved from the wreck.” 


Dr. Southey vindicates Cranmer in 
all his measures, except the death of 
Joan Bocher, the Kentish woman 
whom he sent to the scaffold. He ac- 
knowledges ** it is the saddest passage 
in Cranmer’s life—the only one for 
which no palliation can be offered.” 
Cranmer’s own death afterwards was 
one of those acts of retributive justice 
of which the instances were numerous 
during the Reformation. 

We now come to the reign of Mary, 
who revelled in the blood of martyrs, 
and whoseagents added insult tocruelty, 
as Dr. Southey’s work will abundantly 
shew. 

We pass over the character of Eliza- 
beth and James the First, to extract 
those of Charles 1. Cromwell, and the 
Puritans. 


«¢ They who accuse Charles of seeking to 
bring back the Romish superstition, and of 
systematic duplicity, perceive not how, in 
recording this acknowledged fact, they 
thoroughly disprove their own slanderous 
accusation. Pressed as he was by foes who 
held him in captivity, and beset by weak or 
treacherous friends, he continued firm upon 
this great point. The Queen, who had 

alway: 











248 


always been an unfortunate adviser, and too 
often an evil one, urged him to give up the 
Church; for this would have been as much 
a subject of triumph to the Romanists as to 
the sectarians. But Charles was not to be 
shaken ; he rested upon his coronation oath, 
and upon his own deliberate and well- 
grounded conviction that episcopacy was 
the form of Church government which had 
been handed down to us from the apostles. 
To those who pressed him with arguments, 
he answered with sound learning, and sound 
judgment, and the strength of truth; and to 

is ill-advising friends he replied that his 
conscience was dearer to him hen his crown, 
To this determination he adhered in the ex- 
tremity of his fortune. 

«The Puritans, unable to obtain the 
king’s consent, proceeded in this, as they 
had done in so many other acts of iniquity, 
upon their own usurped authority. They 
had already abolished episcopal jurisdiction ; 
they now abolished the rank and order, and 
confiscated all their rights and possessions. 
The spoils they shared among themselves 
and their adherents, by lavish grants, or 
such sales as were little more than nominal. 
Sir Arthur Hesilrige secured so large a 

ion that he was called the Bishop of 
urham. Dr. Cornelius Burges, also, one 
of the most active of the puritan divines in 
kindling the rebellion, became a large pur- 
chaser, though he had formerly maintained 
that it was utterly unlawful to convert such 
endowments to any private person’s profit. 
Loudly, indeed, as the puritanical clergy had 
declaimed against the wealth and power of 
the bishops, they had shown themselves far 
from indifferent to either when they had 
brought them within their reach. ‘ Setting 
sail to all winds that might blow gain into 
their covetous bosoms,’ they took all they 
could get, not scrupling to hold, at the same 
time, masterships in the university, lecture- 
ships in the city, and one, two, or more, of 
the best livings, from which the lawful in- 
cumbeats had been turned out with their 
families to starve, if they could not obtain 
their fifths from these hard-hearted in- 
truders. Nor had the bishops ever claimed 
half the power in spiritual or temporal 
affairs which these men exercised. The 
temper of the episcopal church had become 
wisely tolerant. It required conformity 
from its ministers, but carried on no war 
against the consciences of men; the cla- 
mour which had been raised with most effect 
against the hierarchy, was for not exerting 
the rigour of the law against the Papists. 
The Puritans meddled with every thing, 
They abolished may-poles, and they prohi- 
bited servants and children from waiking in 
the fields on the Sabbath-day. They ap- 
pointed the second Tuesday in every month 
for reasonable recreation, all holidays hav- 
ing been suppressed; and they passed an 
ordinance by which eight heresies were 


Revizw.—Southey’s Book of the Church. 


[March, 


made punishable with death upon the first 
offence, unless the offender abjured his 
errors, and irremissibly if he relapsed. Six- 
teen other opinions were to be punished 
with imprisonment till the offender should 
find sureties that he would maintain them 
no more. Among these were the belief in 
purgatory, the opinion that God might be 
worshipped in pictures or images, free will, 
universal restitution, and the sleep of the 
soul. Their laws also for the suppression 
of immorality were written with blood.” 

*¢ Such edicts were of no avail; the men 
who enacted them had destroyed the prin- 
0 and habit of obedience. In the course 
of unerring retribution, the prime movers of 
the rebellion were thrust from their abused 
station by men more audacious and more 
consistent in guilt. After the murder of 
the king, change followed change, but no 
change brought stability to the state, or re- 
pose to the nation, not even when the su- 
preme and absolute authority was usurped 
by a man who, of all others, was the most 
worthy to have exercised it, had it lawfully 
devolved upon him. Cromwell relieved the 
country from Presbyterian intolerance; and 
he curbed those fanatics who were for pro- 
claiming King Jesus, that, as his saints, 
they might divide the land amongst them- 
selves. But it required all his strength to 
do this, and to keep down the spirit of poli- 
tical and religious fanaticism, when his own 
mind, by its constitutional strength, had 
shaken off both diseases. He then saw and 
understood the beauty, and the utility, and 
the necessity of those establishments, civil 
and ecclesiastical, over the ruins of which 
he had made his way to power; and gladly 
would he have restored the monarchy and 
the episcopal church. But he was deterred 
from the only practicable course less by the 
danger of the attempt, than by the guilty 
part which he had borne in the king’s fate ; 
and at the time when Europe regarded him 
with terror and admiration as the ablest and 
most powerful potentate of the age, he was 
paying the bitter penalty of successful am- 
bition, consumed by cares and anxieties and 
secret fears, and only preserved from all the 
horrors of remorse by the spiritual drams 
which were administered to him as long as 
he had life.” 


Dr. Southey, throughout the whole 
of his work, manifests a strong hosti- 


lity to the Papists. He continues 
his history to the landing of King 
Wilkam; since which period the 
Church has ‘ partaken of the stability 
and security of the State.” 


—_ }— 


60. Oxonta Antiova Restaurata, con- 
laining upwards of one hundred and seventy 
1p 


? which are nwmerous 
Representations aj 


Buildings m Oxford, 


nou 


ravings, amongst 








= 
my 


bl ee ee  . d 











1824.] 


now either altered or demolished, and which 

have never been lefore engraved. The 

whole forming an Illustration of the Col- 
leges, Halis, and Public Buildings in the 

University. By Joseph Skelton. 2 vols. 

large 4to. 

THE consciousness of being in the 
same place, and treading on the same 
spot which has been frequented and 
trodden by eminent men of former 
ages, by men celebrated for their vir- 
tues, their charity, and their learning, 
excites in us a variety of interesting 
feelings, which are heightened at the 
same time that our curiosity is grati- 
fied, by our being enabled to form a 
correct idea of the appearance of the 
place at these different periods, and of 
the buildings as they then existed, but 
which have shared the same fate as 
their inhabitants, and, together with 
them, are long since crumbled into 
dust. The place which forms the 
subject of Mr. Skelton’s elegant vo- 
lumes is peculiarly adapted to excite 
these feelings, and to gratify this cu- 
riosity. 

Our author’s work cannot but be 
highly interesting to all persons who 
have a taste for architecture or antiqui- 
ties, whether they know Oxford or 
not; but will afford peculiar satisfac- 
tion to those who are acquainted with 
the University in its present state, and 
who feel a delight, as thousands must 
do, in tracing those scenes with which 
they were conversant in their younger 
days, and in exploring and reviewing 
those remains of ancient times, and 
those specimens of modern art, which 
so frequently occur in this favoured 
seat of the muses. 

Among the numerous engfavings in 
this work, all of which are well exe- 
cuted, besides those copied from the 
Oxford Almanacks, containing views 
of the Colleges at different periods ; 
and besides some engravings '¢m the 
originals of Loggan and Burghers, 
which are now become very scarce ; 
we find the following very curious and 
interesting plates, either taken from 
old drawings, or immediately from the 
original subjects, which have never 
before been engraved. 

Reduced engraving of the original 
plan of Oxford, taken by Agas in the 
year 1578.—Lines around Oxford 
when defended by King Charles I.— 
Rewley Abbey. —Oseney Abbey.— 
Beaumont.—Ground-plan of the Area 

Gant. Mac. March, 1824. 





Review.—Skelton’s Ozonia Restaurata. 249 


of the Radcliffe Library in its old state. 
—Front of Friar Bacon's Study.—An- 
cient Library of Christ Church.—Tri- 
nity College anterior to the present 
Chapel, and the ancient South-en- 
trance.—Broad-street in its old state.— 
Old Carfax Church.—Grotesque de- 
coration of rooms.—Ancient Castle, 
&e. with a plan.—Crypt, &c. in the 
Castle.—Crypt of St. Peter’s Church 
in the East.—Greek Hall and Coventry 
Hall.—Old Church of St. Ebbe.—Old 
Library of Exeter College.—Great and 
Little Lion Hall.—Cardinal Wolsey’s 
Seal for his College.—Antiquities of 
Trinity College.—Ancient Cups be- 
longing to Oriel College.—Old Build- 
ings of Queen's College-—Old Halls. 
—Almshouse in St. Aldate’s parish.— 
Demolished Buildings of Hertford 
College.— Ancient Plate belonging to 
Corpus Christi College. —Monuments 
in the Cathedral of Christ Church.— 
Fonts, &c. in Oxford.—Old Stables of 
Christ Church, and Remains of the 
Austin Friary.—Demolished Buildings 
of Merton College.—Magdalen Col. 
lege in the reign of Charles [.—Old 

agdalen Hall.—Old Buildings. — 
Royal Portraits introduced in Oxford 
Almanacks, &e. &c. 

Each plate is accompanied with a 
letter-press description ; and these de- 
scriptions are drawn up in a neat, 
clear, and concise manner, and are 
frequently enlivened by brief anec- 
dotes or collateral disquisitions, as an 
instance of which we refer to the de- 
scription of the plates 144 and 145, or 
the “ Ancient Buildings and Plate on 
Oriel College;” and which we re- 
gret that our limits will not allow us 
to insert for the gratification of our 
readers. 


G1. The Fifth Report of the Committee of the 
Society for the Improvement of Prison 
Discipline, and for the Reformation of 
Juvenile Offenders, 1823. With an 
Appendix. 8vo, pp. 280. 

THE increasing usefulness of this 
Society in promoting the regularity of 
Prisons, and for the erection of new, 
and amendment of old ones ; and the 
very important feature in this Society 
of relieving criminal youth at their 
discharge from confinement, requires 
nothing more to secure the public 

atronage than the investigation of 
its merits. We have, therefore, em- 
braced the design of calling the at- 

tention 











250 


tention of our benevolent readers to 
the substance of the last Report. 

The Prison Improvement Society 
cautiously proceeds, where imperfec- 
tion exists, by addresses to reason and 
principle. For instance, a proper ex- 
posure is made of the monstrous ab- 
surdity of country towns having distinct 
jails, which they cannot afford to sup- 
port on a proper construction ; of there 
not being separate prisons for females ; 
of the conveyance of prisoners along 
the streets in procession*, instead of 
being inclosed iu a caravan; and of 
many other follies and imperfections, 
of which the apparent origin exists, in 
there being no definite legislative code 
for the conduct of provincial corpora- 
tions and subaltern officers of jails. 

Although the active zeal of its mem- 
bers have done much in this difficult 
cause, yet when they state from expe- 
rience of the fact, that “there yet 
exist prisons in nearly the same condi- 
tion as that in which the late Howard 
left them,” we cannot but rejoice that 
they are proceeding with laudable at- 
tention to bring the subject continually 
before the public mind. 

In the treatment of prisoners, the 
true doctrine is recognised of lenity to 
those who are not convicted, and to 
those who are, ** no severity should be 
allowed that is not warranted by the 
laws ;” and that the prevention of 
crime is the ultimate object of im- 
prisonment, and to attain this end, 
it is necessary to insure the reforma- 
tion, as well as the punishment of the 

risoner,—*‘ not only to inspire terrror, 
Bat to kindle hope: to impress upon 
the mind not only a sense of guilt, 
but the love of virtue,” &c.—The re- 
formatory measures adopted, co-operate 
with, rather than weaken the effect of 
severity of discipline: the axiom of 
the Society is repeated justly, that 
«* hard labour, spare diet, and seclusion 
from vicious association, are not only 
corrective, but exemplary punish- 
ments. The communication of reli- 
gious instruction, while it militates 
against no just punishment, induces 
habits of restraint and order; and it 
may be safely affirmed, that if the cri- 
minal at large be prepared to make the 
sacrifice, and submit to the privations 
of imprisonment, in order to become 





* We have heard @f convicts marching 
in this manner for embarkation to Botany 
Bay, being preceded by a band of music. 


Revisw.—Report on Prison Discipline. 


(March, 


an honest man, he will feel it to be 
far easier to attain the end by other 
means more creditable and less ob- 
noxious.” 

In one prison five persons were con- 
fined in a cell built for one only, seven 
feet wide, by ten in length, and nine 
in height ; and three insane prisoners, 
who had been confined many years, 
intermingled with forty-six others ! 

In a county jail, they are double 
ironed, and chained down in bed, the 
chain being fixed to the floor, and fas- 
tened to the leg fetters, of sufficient 
Jength to enable the prisoner to raise 
himself in bed; in this state the un- 
tried prisoners, as well as those con- 
victed, remain till the ensuing assize! 
under a weight varying from ten to 
fourteen pounds ! 

In a third, the total want of classifi- 
cation, and those committed for trial 
fettered with a weight of irons from 
seven to nine pounds! 

The New hen Act will embrace 
at least some of these difliculties, in 
which, among other rules, one is, that 
** no prisoner is to be put in irons by 
the keeper, except in case of urgent 
and absolute necessity.” And as the 
Act of 4 Geo. IV. will require the re- 
gulations to be remodelled, the Com- 
mittee have published, with a view to 
assist the Magistracy, rules for the go- 
vernment of gaols and houses of cor- 
rection. 

There are in England 170 jurisdic- 
tions, having the right of trial of pri- 
soners, holding 160 prisons, in which 
upwards of 16,000 persons have been 
confined in one year ;—to these prisons 
the above Act does not extend, not- 
withstanding that their deplorable con- 
dition requires due regard. Criminals 
and debtors are frequently associated 
together, in small local prisons,—inse- 
curity of situation,—entire idleness, — 
built without airing courts,—no moral 
instruction provided,—a small sum of 
money given instead of food,—no 
clothing for the destitute,—straw for 
bedding,—no place for the sick or 
dangerous,—and no regulations pre- 
scribed by authority. These defects 
are stated without the names of the 
prisons,—but the facts. are of them- 
selves sufficient to require the most 
prompt redress. 

The non-separation of the sexes is 
a disgraceful feature in some of these 
gaols, and the absence of any chaplain, 
or divine service. -Assuredly “* no one 

can 





1824.] 


can ever quit such confinement with- 
out being rendered still more vicious, 
and becoming still further hardened.” 
In such company three boys were com- 
mitted for stealing a pound of cake and 
a pot of shrimps, and after nearly five 
months, the jury ignored the indict- 
ment, and they were discharged ! 
These defects are embraced in three 
propositions, submitted to the Legisla- 
ture and the Magistracy, and are well 
calculated to call for pointed resolu- 
tions for the report of a Committee ; 
but as their discussion will produce 
some controversy, we proceed with 
our subject. A material step was ob- 
tained by 1 Geo. 1V. c. 14, authorising 
Justices of any local jurisdiction to 
send any prisoner charged with felony 
or misdemeanor to the Assizes, upon 
paying the expences to which the 
county may be put thereby. This step 
not only relieves the hosel justediotion 
from maintaining the prisoners for 
which its funds are inadequate, but it 
transfers them to a higher tribunal. 
So by 15 Geo. IL. c. 24, they may 
commit to the county house of correc- 
tion for security, and bring them back 
for trial in their own court; and the 
cost may be charged on the county. 


The new Act will probably also em- 
brace some necessary regulations for 
appointing degrees of punishment and 
discipline ; and the tread-mill also 
admits of this view, for in different 

risons, very different degrees of la- 
ion are directed,—the calculations are 
made by feet of ascent by day, and in 
this mode the inequalities have been, 
we believe, correctly ascertained: a 
table is annexed in the Appendix, p. 
155, by which these observations have 
been made in every place. 


The Tread-wheel then occupies a 
great part of this interesting Report, 
and so much has been before the pub- 
lic, that we must, for brevity sake, 
refer our readers to the Report itself, 
which argues much in favour of its 
system, although with respectful ac- 
knowledgment of the work on Prison 
Labour, by Sir J. C. Hippisley, yet dif- 
fering from its principle. 

Mr. Bate’s machine for ascertaining 
the rate of Tread-wheel labour, is 


mentioned with respect as to its utility 
in securing precision of management, 
and affording an accurate measure ap- 
plicable in all cases to prevent imad- 
vertent excess, or intentional abuse in 





Review.—Report on Prison Discipline. 





251 


this species of pina. The in- 
equality of work has arisen not only 
from the varied degrees of velocity, and 
the fluctuating proportions of workin 
and resting, but also from the dif- 
ference in working hours of summer 
and winter; a difierence amounting 
in the daily rate of labour at some 
prisons to at least 50 per cent. A re- 
gulator affixed to the wheel, and a dial 
register, as shewn in the Appendix, 
a 150, 168, pant a fair progress, 

he diameter of the dial is nine inches, 
the longest hand has a movement of 
one point on every revolution, and 
when it has marked off 100 revolutions 
of the wheel, the short hand will have 
made but one division, and thus the 
addition of the numbers to which both 
hands point, gives the exact amount of 
revolutions of the wheel in any inter- 
val of time. 

The Report, while speaking strongly 
in favour of the Tread-wheel, admits 
candidly that it “* ought not to form 
the punishment of those whom the 
law sentences to imprisonment only, 
nor to convicts committed for long pe- 
riods,” as that is inconsistent with 
the views of the best writers on the 
penitentiary system—of Howard and 
of Sir G. Paul; and with regard to 
females, ‘ it is liable to serious objec- 
tions; and as there are, even in the 
absence of prison trades, other kinds of 
labour to be found for women in a 
gaol, that are congenial to the habits of 
their sex, the practice of thus em- 
ploying this class of offenders is not 
justified by necessity.” P. 38. 

This lenient attention to female 
habits is well worthy of notice from 
all magistrates and masters of prisons ; 
althongh some medical practitioners of 
the first eminence have not entirely 
concurred in the necessity at all times 
of this kind forbearance. 

Although the Committce touch very 
judiciously the question recently re- 
vived of imprisonment only for safe 
custody, and not for punishment,— 
that is to say, committals before trial, 
we shall only say that we fully concur 
in the — as it stands against 
punishment 0 the untried ; yet when 
it is generally known that they are not 
always of a character free from re- 
proach, some other mode of employ- 
ment may lawfully be adopted, as idl « 
ness for the space of several weeks or 
months, is assuredly both in prison 
and without, contra lonos mores! 


Besides, 











252 


Besides, the Statutes 14 Eliz. c. 5, and 
19 Car. II. c. 4, authorize rates on the 
counties for their means of subsistence 
and for their own earnings; amd the 
words ‘setting poor prisoners,” not 
only shews the class of persons, but 
that their employment was designed. 

It is only in statutes, the object 
of which was to regulate houses of cor- 
rection, and provide punishment for 
the convicted, that the term ‘ hard 
labour’ is to be found.” P. 45. But 
the ready attention paid by the present 
Government to this important point in 
the clause introduced into the new 
Act, will, it is to be hoped, set at rest 
all controversy concerning it. 

Various improvements are stated to 
have been effected in several gaols, 
amongst which females are said to 
be employed pi to their sex, in 
knitting and in mending cloathes. 

The Report, in alluding to Newgate, 
and its requisite enlargement adds, 

«¢ Whatever amendment is practicable in 
its present state, has been effected by the 
excellent Governor; that fetters are no 
longer used there, but in extraordinasy cases 
—that the Chaplain visits every day, and 
keeps a useful journal; the state of the In- 
firmary, and the remarkable healthiness and 
order, are also mentioned as most satisfac- 
tory.” P. 53. 

*« In the County Gaol at Bury, the pri- 
soners, during their intervals of work, are 
occupied in reading and writing as a privi- 
lege, and some had acquired the power of 
reading by the time that they hud accom- 
plished their sentence of hard labour.” 

A very necessary improvement is 
earnestly recommended for the con- 
veyance in a covered caravan, such as 
that adopted at Horsemonger-lane 
prison, by which prisoners are not 
exposed, who perhaps at their trial 
may be acquitted of the charge against 
them ; and one case of a female, men- 
tioned in the Appendix, p. 54, is justly 
reprobated. + 

A just praise is expressed of those 
ladies who have reformed the female 
side of Newgate. ‘ Never was there 
exhibited a more striking illustration 
of the power of kindness, than has been 
evinced by their exertions to instruct 
the ignorant and reclaim the guilty. 
Idleness, dissipation, and licentious- 
ness, have been succeeded by industry, 
order, and restrainst;” and their bene- 
volence is extended to the convicts em- 
barked for New South Wales. P. 58. 

By the new Act female prisoners are 
to be superintended by female officers. 


Review.—Report on Prison Discipline. 


[March, 


This salutary provision must necessa- 
rily be productive of the best results ; 
and among other regulations it has 
been suggested, to concentrate into one 
prison all the female prisoners of a 
county, which would be productive of 
a great saving of expense in the ar- 
rangements. 

We have thus proceeded through the 
Report as far as the United Kingdom 
is concerned ; and we must freely take 
the liberty tosay, that it would be wise if 
this very humane and laudable Society 
would devote their whole attention at 
home, rather than inspect the jails of 
other nations, over which they cannot 
have any controul ; expecially while 
by this Report it appears, that they 
have much more to do than they find 
either funds or power to effect. The 
highest praise we fully accord to their 
humane exertions, and we do not he- 
sitate to say, that a few years will 
scarcely elapse without the most salu- 
tary regulations being established, that 
shall produce the only just cause for 
coercion and imprisonment. 

While we applaud the Temporary 
Refuge as most useful to receive desti- 
tute prisoners on their discharge from 
Newgate, we do not find any reason 
for the practice of inflicting corporal 
punishment on the day of their dis- 
charge, by which they are let loose 
into society without any means of cure, 
or any hope of obtaining employment. 
A lad having received 70 lashes, was 
received into the Temporary Refuge, 
where he was immediately placed in 
the Infirmary! 

‘© In the course of the last year, the 
Committee have continued to extend es- 
sential relief to distressed boys, on their dis- 
charge from the prisons of the metropolis, 
who have expressed a desire to abandon 
their criminal courses. There are few si- 
tuations of such entire destitution as that of 
a boy thus circumstanced. His character 
is lost ; friendless and without protection, he 
has no means of obtaining employment, or 
of procuring subsistence. It is not long 
since that eight boys were released on the 
same day from Newgate. The Court had 
sentenced them to be flogged ; and the sen- 
tence was, as usual, carried into effect on 
the day of their discharge. The boys were 
then immediately turned into the streets with 
their backs sore from the flagellation ; and 
in such a state, that two of them who were 
received by the Committee into the «* Tem- 
porary Refuge,” were obliged, immediately 
on their admission, to be placed in the in- 
firmary, one of them, a lad of fifteen, having 
received seventy lashes. Difficult as it at 

all 








1824.) 


all times is for a destitute boy, discharged 
from confinement, to obtain a situation, how 
much is that difficulty increased under cir- 
cumstances so degrading to the character of 
the individual ; for, laying aside other consi- 
deratioas, who, the Committee ask, would 
receive into his service a lad bearing in his 
person the stigma of guilt and the effect of 
punishirent ; and whose want of strength, 
occasioned by that punishment, uecessarily 
disables him, for a time at least, from ob- 
taining a livelihood by honest industry ?” 

Thus ‘ however England may have in- 
curred, and to a certain extent may still 
incur, the disgrace of supporting public 
establishments calculated to aggravate dis- 
tress and multiply crime, she is now ho- 
nourably and ardently engaged, in rescuing 
her fame from the too just reproach, and 
may at no distant period present her prisons 
as models for imitation.” P.79. 


If this Association has contributed 
to the attainment of its object, it is 
one only of the many _ illustrations 
which the present age presents, of the 
usefulness of public associations in the 
promotion of objects of national advan- 
tage. P. 81. 

It is the attribute of associated 
strength alone, to subdue evils, whose 
removal is dependent on the spread of 
information, and a systematic, uni- 
form, and long continued course of 
action. Amidst the scenes of vice and 
wretchedness to which the researches 
of this Society conduct, it is consoling 
to witness the ardent feeling that is in 
beneficent action to mitigate the suffer- 
ings and ameliorate the condition of 
humanity. P. 82. 

The labours before them are ardu- 
ous and responsible ; but a nation’s 
gratitude will be their recompense, 
enriched by the prayers of the neglect- 
ed, and the benedictions of the op- 
pressed. 

In the Appendix, among many va- 
Juable papers, we shall only notice 
that of the physicians, Dr. Latham 
and Dr. Roget, relative to the Peniten- 
tiary at Milbank, dated 5th Ap. 1823 ; 
which clearly shews, that the public 
impression was erroneous, which 
ascribed the illness of its inhabitants to 
its local situation ; for then, the same 
diseases would have occurred in former 
years, which never had appeared until 

ast winter; nor could the resident 
officers have been universally exempt ; 
nor would the inhabitants of the neigh- 
bourhood have been free from it—the 
marsh miasmata always arise during the 
hot, and never during the cold seasons 
of the year, and the diseases which they 


Review.—Report on Prison Discipline. 





253 


engender belong to the same seasons : 
oa they add, that every part of the 
prison is singularly dry, and in no part 
of it did they find the smallest stain or 
appearance of moisture. They then 
trace the cause to a reduction of diet, 
with the concurrence of other causes, 
of which the severity of the winter 
was probably the chief. The origin 
of the disease was traced to the com- 
mencement of the cold weather, and 
its progress and increase kept pace 
with it: diet and cold have been the 
concurrent causes; and in the place of 
peas and barley soup for dinner, they 
substituted a daily allowance of four 
ounces of flesh-meat and eight ounces 
of rice for each prisoner, and white 
bread instead of brown, with three 
oranges, one at each meal. Consider- 
able improvement ensued in a few 
days, as well in their health as their 
strength. And it is also stated, that in 
houses of correction, where the period 
of confinement is limited to a few 
months, little hazard could result from 
an habitually scanty diet. People 
may be under-nourished for a short 
time with impunity; but prisoners 
who are in acourse of confinement for 
five, seven, or ten years (and none are 
condemned to less in the Penitentiary), 
cannot safely be subjected to the same 
system. Many injurious influences 
will arise in the course of two years, 
which a few months would not pro- 
duce. P. 73. 

In the use of the tread-mill at differ- 
ent places, the work is varied from 40 
steps in a minute, to 48, 58, 53, 32, 
60, 80, 30, 80, 87, and 24; but Mr. 
Bate’s Regulator, as it becomes uni- 
versal, will reduce to more order the 
proper velocity for each mill: and the 
due and exact portion of labour for 
each person. If the hours for work- 
ing are 8 in the summer, and the steps 
are 8 inches each, at 44 steps in a 
minute, the labour of each female 
person ina day will be 7000 steps; and 
for 6§ hours in the winter 5,700; and 
for males, the former would be in ten 
hours 11,700, and in winter 7,600 
steps. See the Table Middx. p. 157, 
This allows for due intervals of rest, 
comprising in the whole two hours. 

After all, it appears that by the sa- 
lutary arrangements in prison disci- 
pline, humane treatment, constant in- 
spection, moral and religious instruc- 
tion, judicious classification, and well- 
regulated labour, seldom fail, under the 
Divine blessing, to reclaim the guilty, 

and 











Revizrw.—History of Lambeth—Wrangham's Charge. 


and soften the most obdurate; con- 
tributing to the diminution of crime, 
and the welfare of the community. 


62. The History and oe of the Pa- 
lace and Parish of mbeth, Surrey. 
No. I. $vo. and 4to. By J. Allen, Ken- 
nington. 

THE history of a parish so immedi- 
ately contiguous to the metropolis, of 
or an immense extent, being nearly 
18 miles in circumference, containing 
about 10,000 houses, and 60,000 inha- 
bitants, and to do justice to the subject, 
is no easy task. Fortunately much 
has been already done. The previous 
works of Ducarel, Nichols, Denne, 
and Bray, will doubtless lay a good 
foundation, whereon we trust the in- 
dustry and perseverance of the present 
historian of Lambeth will raise a su- 
perstructure creditable to himself. 

The claims of Lambeth, as the edi- 
tor justly observes, upon the attention 
of the historian and antiquary, are 
many; its great extent and opulence, 
its numerous and increasing popula- 
tion, its church and monuments, and, 
above all, the venerable palace of the 
Archbishop of Canterbury, with the 
rich stores of biography connected with 


it, will, if ably treated, no doubt be 
productive of a work not only accept- 
able to the inhabitants of Lambeth, 
but to the public in general. 

It is intended that the work shall 
form one handsome volume, illustrated 
with upwards of 100 engravings. 


63. A Charge, delivered in August, 1823, at 
Stokesley, Thirsk, and Malton, éo the 
Clergy of the Archdeaconry of Cleveland ; 
and published at their particular desire. 
By the Ven. and Rev, Francis Wrang- 
ham, M. 4. F.R.S. 8vo. pp. 94. 
Establishment Divines and Quar- 

ter-Session Divines, are unavoidably 

placed in hostile attitudes ; and where 
popularity is the object sought (and in 
all publick administrations it is indis- 
pensable, at least momentous), no man, 
who knows the world, will expect, 
that he who lives by voluntary contri- 
bution, can afford to let his natu- 
ral competitor thrive upon his own 
downfall. This may account for the 
base, very base Pte bom of which the 
learned and worthy Archdeacon very 
justly complains (p. 13) ; for the whole 
ife of the clergy thus becomes the 
fever and torture of a contested elec- 
tion uncqually conducted. They, who 


[March, 
ought to be the instructed, become the 


instructors, in the same way as voters 
dictate to candidates various absurd 
things. There cannot exist unanimity 
where there is not a conformity of 
interests ; or if not of interests, of opi- 
nions. Often, there must be a neces- 
sity of some kind or other to keep peo- 
ple together. The only resource for 
the Established Clergy is, in our opi- 
nion, pre-eminence The knowledge, 
morals, amiable manners, and philan- 
thropy, according to the principles of 
St. Peter, “‘ Who will harm you, if ye 
be followers of that which is good?" 
With this they must be contented. 
We invite the learned to a perusal of 
the Appendix, a very able defence of 
the Trinity, which accompanies this 
well-written Charge; and we have 
to record the following consequence 
of Unitarian doctrine, addreseed to the 
Poor :— 

“ It is instructive, though painful to re- 
mark (say the fellow-historians of the Dis- 
senters) that while Benson and Lardner 
were writing very learned books, and gaining 
extensive fame, the congregation was gradu- 
ally diminishing, till it scarcely was entitled 
to the name; and having received the deadly 
poison from their lips, after a precarious 
existence of twelve years under Br. Price, 
Mr. Radcliff, and Dr. Collier, it became ex- 
tinct.” P. 85. 

We attribute this effect to the gene- 
ral knowledge of the Scriptures, by 
means of our authorized version; and 
this version we also conceive has been 
(because an authority) the medium 
by which alone sectaries have been 
enabled to generate confidence in their 
hearers. 


64. The Footman’s Directory and Butler’s 
Rememtrancer. 2d Edit. Hatchard and 
Son, pp. 324. 


WE shall introduce this publica- 
tion to the patronage of our readers in 
the author’s own words. 


«* My endeavour has been to promote the 
comfort of those whom I have the ho- 
nour to serve, and to benefit my fellow- 
servants. I imagined that a set of rules 
regularly laid down for the use of domestic 
servants might be very acceptable, and save 
a great deal of trouble to such ladies and 
gentlemen as may have engaged servants 
who do not thoroughly understand their 
business, and must therefore either instruct 
them themselves, or part with them, even 
though they may be likely to suit them 
very well in the course of a little time....... 
An earnest wish to-serve those for whose 

service 





1824.] 


service I have written as much as is in my 
my power, has induced me to publish the 
fruit of my own experience as a domestic 
servant.” 

It is very seldom that we can, with 
entire approbation, = such works as 
the above into the hands of our do- 
mestics; they, in general, teach 
«something too little or something 
too much ;” but this is the work of a 
judicious, observant miud, and really, 
as it professes, is calculated to promote 
the comfort both of employers and 
servants. We can vouch for the 
fact of its having been written by a 
servant, whose exemplary conduct, am- 

ly rewarded as it deserved, has ena- 
bied him to devote his declining years 
to the benefit of a numerous, and, we 
hope, an improving class of the com- 
munity. We feel particular gratifica- 
tion in thus noticing the praise-worth 
efforts of this ‘* good and faithful ser- 
vant.” The work is ——s di- 
vided, and is sufficiently comprehen- 
sive without being tediously minute ; 
it is rendered attractive by blending 
entertainment with instruction. There 
is an Appendix, containing various 
useful Receipts and Tables. 


—@-- 


Rivington’s Annual Register, for 1811 
and 1822. 
(Continued from p. 58.) 

IN resuming our account of this 
national work, with the volume for 
18ti, the Eleventh of the present 
Century, we are happy to observe that 
Eight more (which are in fair progress) 
will bring up the long arrear which 
has hitherto been the only drawback 
to the merit of “* Rivington’s Continu- 
ation of Dodsley’s Annual Register.” 

The tone of the political feeling of 
the Editor may be learned by an extract 
from the preface to the volume for 
1822. 

*¢ Of the foreign history for the present 
year, the progress of the Greek insurrection 
forms the most interesting feature. It will 
be seen that that people continued to main- 
tain the contest they had so daringly pro- 
voked, with a gallantry not unworthy of 
their cause, or of the name, which is their 
only inheritance. We do not know that 
we are quite prepared to controvert the po- 
litical expediency which induces the nations 
of Europe to stand altogether apart from 
this struggle; but surely never was interest 
of that kind consulted at a greater sacrifice 
of all the s — chokes national or 
religious, whic have hitherto so naturally 


65. 


Revisw.—Footman’s Directory.— Annual Register. 


255 


and so powerfully influenced the political 
arrangements of Europe. We see an Eu- 
ropean —_ contending against a Tartar 
tribe, which, after four hundred years’ en- 
campment in Greece (to use a phrase that 
has already been employed, and with singu- 
lar happiness, to describe the position pre- 
served by the Turks in their conquered ter- 
ritories), yet retain all the distinctive phy- 
siognomy of their barbarian origin—we see 
a Christian people struggle to rescue our 
common religion from the daily contumely 
of an abominable superstition—we see the 
descendants of a nation illustrious beyond 
all others in the annals of human intellect, 
struggling to deliver a land thus sanctified 
with every association, whether of wisdom, 
or valour, or virtue, or genius, that can de- 
mand our reverence and our gratitude, and 
from whence comes the day-spring of Euro- 
pean civilization itself, from under the hoofs 
of a brutish horde, with whom ferocity is 
virtue, and ignorance religion, It evidently 
now rests with the Powers of Eurupe to put 
an easy end to a state of things, the ex- 
istence of which has long been a scandal to 
Christendom ; and if the Greeks, after they 
have thus half regained their emancipation, 
are suffered to be again trampled down un- 
der this hopeless barbarism, the rulers of 
the present day will incur, in the judgment 
of the wise and good of this cnd future ages, 
a responsibility from which the sanction of 
all the Diplomatic Congresses that ever as- 
sembled would go but little way to absolve 
them.” 

With these sentiments we think 
every friend to Christianity and liberty 
must heartily concur. 


66. Hurstwood; a Tale of the Year 1715. 
3 vols, 12mo, 

IN consequence of a puff, under the 
denomination of a Review—of this 
book having been forwarded to us, we 
thought fit to reprehend the practice, 
in our Magazine of February last, 

. 158. It is a solemn truth, that a 
work of Cleland’s, so infamously ob- 
scene as to occasion its author to be 
put in the pillory, was by this means 
reviewed with high commendation in 
the principal critical journal of the 
day. In short, the practice reprobated, 
is just as reasonable as asking a man to 
accept money-bills for perfect strangers. 
The author, however, who appears to 
be a gentleman of fortune, and a clas- 
sick, has sent us a letter of expostula- 
tion, in which he has disclaimed any 
knowledge of the reprehensible trans- 
action alluded to; forwarded the vo- 
lumes (which we had not before seen), 
and requested our calm dispassionate 
opinion of them. 

Tt 








256 ' ‘Revisw.— Miscellaneous Reviews. 


It is one tendency of Novel writing 
to prevent exertion of the mind, by in- 
ducing an idea, that all which is re- 

uired is the management of the story; 
though in the — and Epick 
Poetry, the narrative, sentiment, dia- 
logue, and description, must be full of 
animation and effect. 

The Tale before us is pleasing, un- 
exceptionable, full of high-mindedness, 
and inculeating the truly Christian 
moral of patience in adversity, and re- 
liance upon Providence. Good people 
are annoyed by rascals, whom in the 
end they overcome. The description 
is often good, and the interesting fea- 


[March, 


ture of the book is the fine heroism of 
a girl in behalf of her lover. The fol- 
lowing sentiment, however, shows 
that the author is capable of higher 
literary efforts, than he has oe 
made: 

*« A generous mind is always affectionate. 
Generous and liberal actions are the natural 
fruit of ardent affections; and are fostered 
and matured in a warm heart.”’ ii. 200. 

The chief characters in Novels are 
generally of the cooing kind, and there- 
fore we shall say, that we like our 
author’s pigeon-pie very well; but 
wish that it was higher seasoned. 





67. The Sermon of Mr. Le Bas, in be- 
half of the Islington Dispensary, is ingeni- 
ous and eloquent. It abounds with fine 


passages. 


68. The Sermon by Mr. Wiiuiams, of 
Heytesbury, in support of the National Society 
for the Education of the Poor, is judicious 
and impressive. With this mode of propa- 

ting Christianity we most cordially agree. 
io. Massillon, and other fine dramatick 
preachers, were heard and admired, but there 
their influence terminated. The impres- 
sions of education are not evanescent. It 
is impossible that men can become worse, 
from knowing how to become better. 





69. The religion of the Author of the 
Eloquent Evangelical Ministry, &c. is a 
fetus in utero, consisting of sundry inward 
feelings and mysticisms, which he wishes 
Mr. Gites to create by his preaching in the 
abdomina of the rich and elevated, because 
without it ALL the great, wise, learned, and 
ingenious are aliens to God. (P. 45.) It 
certainly would be an amusing thing to see 
them, like Johanna Southcote, in high 
raptures with such tumours; and we think 
it an event just as probable, as that Mr. 
Irving will become a merry-andrew to any 
mountebank, even though he dignify his 
Behmenism by calling it the vital principle 
of Evangelical Preaching. 





70. Mr. Grecory has printed a Key 
to his Introduction to Arithmetic on a Sys- 
tem never before published, of which we gave 
a favourable opinion in our Magazine for 

‘ebruary, 1814... Keys to Arithmetical 
books are knives and forks at a dinner 
table. 

71. The Ionian, or Woman of the 
Nineteenth Century, by Saran Renov, 
who is known as the author of “ Village 
Conversations,” and ‘* Temple of Truth,” 
is a Novel that, allowing for a few improba- 
bilities, entitles the writer to much credit. 
We must, at the same time, observe, that 
had our fair authoress retained some of her 





heroines for a future novel, the plot would 
have been less complex and equally interest- 
ing. The principal scenes are laid in Ithaca, 
the classic Isle uf the sage Ulysses, and the 
Tonian Islands. 





72. Mr. W. Betsuam’s Memoirs of the 
Reign of George III. are a valuable addition 
to the history of our country. They em- 
brace a most eventful period in the annals 
of Europe—commencing from the treaty of 
Amiens, in 1802, to the termination of the 
Regency, in 1820. The multifarious details 
connected with European politics, are stated 
with clearness and brevity, and the order 
so essential to the Historian, is uniformly 
preserved, 





73. The Author of Enigmas and Charades, 
never before printed, observes (Pref. i.) that 
no man ever disliked a pun, who was able to 
make one; and we can honestly say, that 
we never disliked Enigmas and Charades, 
unless we have the trouble imposed upon us 
of finding them out. What the Greeks 
did is not to be despised, and making 
Enigmas was a favourite employment of in- 
genious Greek girls. Setting aside occa- 
sional instances of slovenly versification (on 
such subjects of little moment), we recom- 
mend our Author’s work, as upon the whole 
ingenious and amusing. 





74. Mrs. M. A. Runpax’s Sequel to the 
Grammar of Sacred History, is a Para- 
phrase on the Epistles and Gospels, chiefly 
from Mr. Gilpin’s ‘¢ Exposition of the New 
Testament ;” to which she has prefixed an 
Illustration of the Liturgy, and a Paraphrase 
on the Church Catechism. The whole 
forms a very useful guide to the young in 
the pursuit of biblical knowledge. 





75. Poetry without Fiction, for Chil- 
dren between the ages of three and seven, 
seems well calculated for its intended pur~ 
pose, ‘* to make children comprehend what 
they learn ;” and ‘to convey such in- 


struction as may arise out of each subject.” 


ITE- 

















LITERARY INTELLIGENCE. 
, —} 


Camprince, Feb. 27. 

Classical Tripos. In pursuance of a regu- 
Jation of the Senate, a volun classical 
examination of those commencing Bachelors 
of Arts, who obtained mathematical honors, 
took place last week; and the Examiners 
have Cconteed the classes in the following 
order of merit: 

First Class.—Ds. Malkin, Barham, and 
Gurney, Trinity; Baines, Christ Church; 
Tennant and Remington, Trinity; Gedge, 
Catherine College. 

Second Class.—Ds. Foster, Trinity; Dun- 
derdale, St. John’s ; Greaves, Corpus Christi; 
Furlong, Sidney College. 

Third Class.—Ds. Smith, Trinity; Fearon, 
Emanuel; Crawley, Magdalen, q.; Ed- 
wards, Trinity, eq.; Lutwidge, St. John’s ; 
Wedgwood, Christ Church College. 





Ready for Publication. 

Part IV. of the ‘* Progresses and Public 
Processions of Queen Elizabeth.” 

No. XVI. of Mr. Fossroxe’s Encyclo- 
pedia of Antiquities. 

A Glossary of North Country Words, in 
use. From an Original Manuscript, in the 
Library of John George Lambton, Esq. 
M. P. Edited by Joun Trotter Brockett, 
F. S. A. London and Newcastle-upon-Tyne. 

The Memoirs of a late celebrated Eng- 
lish Countess, the intimate friend of an U- 
lustrious Personage, written by Herself. 

Views of the Seats of the Noblemen and 
Gentlemen of Suffolk, with Historical No- 
tices, embracing a considerable portion of 
Suffolk History. By Henry Davy. 

A Letter to the Ear! of Liverpool, on the 
proposed Aunexation of the King’s Library 
to that of the British Museum. By One of 
the People. 

An Essay on the Relation of Cause and 
Effect in Refutation of the Opinions of Mr. 
Hume. 

The Memoirs of the celebrated Gotthe, 
the admired Author of ‘* Faust,”’ ** The Sor- 
rows of Werter,” &c. 

The fourth Livraison of the ‘ Napo- 
leon Memoirs.” 

The Highlanders, a Novel. By the Au- 
thor of «‘ The Hermit in London,” &c. 

The Historical Life of Joanna Queen of 
Naples, &c. with Details of the Literature 
and Manners of Italy and Provence in the 
13th and i4th Centuries. 

The West India Colonies; the Calumnies 
and Misrepresentatiuns of the Edinburgh 
Review, Mr. Clarkson, &c. examined and 
refuted. By James M‘Queen. 

Of the Use of Miracles in proving the 
Truth of a Revelation. By the Rev. Joun 
Penrose. 

Gent. Mas. March, 1824. 


9 


A Treatise on Navigation and Astronomy, 
adapted to Practice and to the purposes of 
Elementary Instruction. By E. Rivpte. 

The Little Historians; a New Chronicle 
of the Affairs of England in Church and 
State. By Jerrerys Taytor. 

An Outline of the System of Education 
at New Lanark. By Rosert Date Owen. 

A Third Course of Practical Sermons, 
expressly adapted to be read in Families. 
By the Sag Harvey Marnuiorr. 

Memoirs of Mrs. Matilda Smith, late of 
Cape Town, Cape of Good Hope. By 
Joun Puirurs, D. D. 

The Birds of Aristophanes, translated 
into English Verse with Notes. By the 
Rev. H. F. Cary, A.M. Author of “The 
Translation of Dante.” 

The Agamemnon of #schylus, translated 
into English Verse, with Notes Critical and 
Explanatory. By J. Symmons, Esq. A. M. 

Ancient Poetry and Romances of Spain. 
Selected and translated by Joun Bowrinc. 

The First Volume of J. H. Wirren’s 
Translation of Tasso’s Jerusalem Delivered. 

British Galleries of Art, now first ar- 
ranged in one volume. By C. Westmacotr. 

Practical Observations on Fire and Life 
Insurances, beirg a Guide to persons effect- 
ing Insurances. By J. Mitcuett, LL.D. 

Relics for the Curious, containing Le- 
gendary Tales, Singular Customs, &c. 

The Odes of Anacreon of Teos, in Eng- 
lish Verse, with Notes Biographical, Criti- 
cal, and Elucidatory. By W. Ricnarpson. 

Part I. of the London Stage; being a 
Collection of the most reputed Tragedies, 
Comedies, Operas, Farces, Mclo-dramas, and 
Interludes. 

The Loves of the Colours, and other Poems. 

Preparing for Pullication. 

The Miscellaneous Writings of Jonn 
Eve yn, in one Volume 4to. 

Mr. Bowoicn’s new Work on the disco- 
veries of the Portuguese in Angola and 
Mozambique, with some Geographical Cor- 
rections in Mungo Park's last Travels in Africa. 

A Biographical Portraiture of the late 
Rev. James Hinton, A, M. Oxford. By 
Joun Howarp Hinton, M.A. 

A second Series of Highways and By- 
ways, or Tales of the Road-side. 

Sketches of Sermons, furnished by their 
respective Authors, Vol. the 7th. 

A New Edition of Professor Paxton’s 
Illustrations of the Holy Scriptures, with 
large Additions, Indexes, &c. 

An Apology for West Indians, and Re- 
flections on the Policy of Great Britain's 
interference in the internal concerns of the 
West India Colonies, By F. G. Smytu, Esq. 

A Com- 


——— 











258 Literature.—Arts and Sciences. 


A Commentary on Mr. Clarkson's 
“‘Thoughts on Emancipations,” &c. By 
the Rev. Joun Hamppen. 

European Scenery, comprising a Selec- 
tion of Sixty of the most Picturesque Views 
on the Rhine and Maine in Belgium, and 
in Holland. By Carr. Batty. 

Hortus Gramineus Woburnensis; or an 
Account of the results of various Experi- 
ments on the produce and fattening proper- 
ties of different Grasses and other Plants. 
By G. Sincratr, Gardener to D. of Bedford. 

A Treatise on the Principles of the 
Usury Laws; with Disquisitions on the Ar- 
guments adduced against them by Mr. Ben- 
tham, and other writers, and a Review of 
the Authorities in their favour. By Ropert 
Mavcuam. 

Tours to the British Mountains; De- 
scriptive Poems; &c. By T. Witkinson. 

Essays and Sketches of Character. By 
the late Ricuarp Ayton, Esq. with a Me- 
moir of his Life. 

Aids to Reflection, in a Series of Pruden- 
‘tial, Moral, and Spiritual Aphorisms, ex- 
‘tracted from the Works of Archbishop 
Leighton. By S.T. Coreripeer, Esq. 

Critical Descriptive Accounts of the most 
‘celebrated Picture Galleries in England, with 
‘an Essay on the Elgin Marbles. 

Prose Pictures, a Series of Descriptive 
Letters and Essays. By E. Hersert, Esq. 


(March, 


A System of General Anatomy. By W. 
Wattace, M.R.1. A. Lecturer on Anatomy 
and Surgery. 

Gesta Romanorum; or Entertaining Mo- 
ral Stories, invented by the Monks as a Fire- 
side Recreation, and commonly applied in 
their discourses from the Pulpit. Trans- 
lated from the Latin. By the Rev. C. Swan. 

The Wanderer of Scandinavia, or Sweden 
Delivered, in Five Cantos, and other Poems. 
By Miss S. E. Hatrievp, of Truro. 

A Treatise on the Principles of Indemnity 
in Marine Insurances, Bottomry, and Re- 
spondentia. By Mr. Benecke, of Lloyd's. 

A Treatise on Stay-sails for the purpose 
of intercepting Wind between the Square- 
sails of Ships and other square-sailed Ves- 
sels. By Capt. Sir H, Heatucore, R.N. 

The Cross and the Crescent, an Heroic 
Metrical Romance. By the Rev. James 
Beresrorp, M.A. 

Shakespeare’s Plays with Notes, Original 
and Selected, by Henry Neete, Esq. with 
Engravings by the most eminent Artists. 
In Monthly Parts. 

A Practical Work on Poisons. 

A New and Improved Edition, in parts, 
of the Scarce and Valuable Work by the 
late Sir Wittiam Cuampers, on the Decd- 
rative Part of Civil Architecture, with the 
Original Plates in Imperial Folio, and the 
Text entire in Quarto. 


—e—- 


ARTS AND 


Rovat Soctery, (continued from p. 65.) 


Dec. 1. The proceedings at the Anni- 
versary have been already noticed in our last 
_ Volume, p. 542. 

Dec.11. Dr. Prout communicated a pa- 
per **On the Nature of the Acid and Sa- 
_line Matters in the Stomachs of Animals ;” 
and Mr. Baden Powell, «An Enquiry re- 
specting the supposed Heating Effect be- 
yond the Red End of the Spectrum.” 

Dec. 18. A communication was read 
*¢ On the North Polar Distances of the 

rincipal Fixed Stars, by J. Brinkley, D.D. 
F R.S.” and another, ** On the Figure re- 
quisite to maintain the Equilibrium of a ho- 

. mogeneous fluid mass that revolves upon an 
axis, by James Ivory, esq. M. A. F.R.S.” 
Jan. 8 and 15. Messrs. Herschell and 
Smith communicated ‘‘ Observations on the 
itions and distances of 380 Double and 
Triple Fixed Stars, made in 1821, 2, and 3.” 

Jan. 15. A paper by the President was 
read, ‘* On Preventing Corrosion of Copper 
Sheathing ;” already noticed in p. 166. 

Jan, 22 and 29. On these evenings was 
read a paper, ‘*On the Developement of 

.Magnetical Properties in Iron and Steel by 


SCIENCES. 


Percussion, Part II.” By W. Scoresby, 
Jun. F.R.S.E. This was a continuation 
of a former paper by Mr. Scoresby, under 
the same title, which appeared in the Phil. 
Trans. for 1822.—The paper now commu- 
nicated to the Royal Society described a 
new arrangement and process, by which a 
much higher degree of magnetic energy was 
developed. 

A paper was also read, entitled ‘* Observa- 
tions on the Iguana tulerculata, the com- 
mon Guana.” By the Rev. Lansdown 
Guilding, B.A. . L.S. Communicated 
by Sir E. Home, Bart. V. P. R.S. 

Feb. 5. A paper was communicated, en- 
titled, ‘A finite and exact Expression for 
the Refraction of an Atmosphere nearly re- 
sembling that of the Earth.” By Thomas 
Young, M. D. For. Sec, R.S. 

The reading was commenced of the Ba- 
kerian Lecture, by J. F. W. Herschel, Esq. 
F.R.S. 

Feb, 12. The Bakerian Lecture was 
concluded. The subject of this Lecture is 
the phenomena exhibited by mercury, and 
other fluid metals, when placed within the 
influence of an electric curtent transmitted 
through conducting liquids. 


Mete- 








aa st, a. a 








‘Rett 


+ 








a naerttiti 


1824} 


Mereorotocicat Society. 

A Society has been recently established in 
the Metropolis, for the cultivation and ad- 
varicement of Meteorological Science. It is 
to consist of Resident, Corresponding, and 
Honorary Members. The last Class to be 

ms eminent in Meteorol or the 

iences conuected with it. Dr. 

Birkbeck has been elected President; Dr. 
Clutterbuck, Ti ; and Thomas Wil- 
ford, Esq. Secretary. The following Gen- 
tlemen are appointed the Council: Dr. Bos- 
tock; J. F. Daniell, F. R.S.; Dr. Shear- 
man; T. Forster, M.B. F.L.S.; Dr. C.J. 
Roberts; L. Howard, F. R.S.; R. Taylor, 
F.L.S.; and E. W. Brayley, Jun. Esq, 


Weicuats anp Measures. 


At a meeting of the Society of Inguirers 
at Bristol, a Letter was read from Davies 
Gilbert, esq. M.P. V.P. of the Royal So- 
ciety, Chairman of the Committee appointed 
by the House of Commons to consider the 
subjects of Weights and Measures of the 
country; from which, on account of the 
valuable information it imparts, we make 
the following extracts : 

**The subject is much too large for me 
to attempt going into it; I will therefore 
merely state, that the object of the Com- 
mission was to recommend a minimum of 
alteration of the four kinds of measures— 
of Length; of Superficies ; of Solidity; of 
this last as containing concrete substances 
or weight. The Commission found the said 
Weights and Measures perfect to all practi- 
cal purposes ; they have in consequence re- 
commended that they should be left unal- 
tered; selecting for Philosophical purposes 
the three feet rule of Sir George Shuck- 
burgh, as the identical one, because the tri- 

onometrical survey has been made from it. 

e purpose that copies of this scale should 
be dispersed over the kingdom; and they 
have given the length of the Pendulum and 
of the French metre in parts of this scale. 
Superficies, of course, follows linear measure. 
The Troy pound is unaltered; duplicates of 
this are about to be made, and as a matter of 
scientific curiosity, a foot or an inch of 
water is com with it. The Avoirdu- 
pois pound being probably within two grains 
of 7000, is made this exact number. In the 
third division all is absolute confusion ; there 





something must be done; and as the great 


body of the people are interested chiefly in 
ale and beer measures, it has been thought 
best to propose the new measure between 
these two; but instead of an exact arith- 
metical mean, to vary it a little for the pur- 

of making it weigh 10 pounds of water, 
by which mean its rectification will be most 
easy, at any time, by means of a pair of 
scales. For a more ample view of the sub- 
ject I must refer you to the Reports of the 
Commission and of the House of Commons.” 


Aris and Sciences. 259 


Discnarcs or Cannon sy Steam. 

Mr. Perkins, of Fleet-street, the ingenions 
raps of boa hy, bas i ape me- 

of dischargi ce agency 
of Steam ; the following is « brief descrip- 
tion of the A copper pipe of 
two inches diameter is connected at oue ex- 
tremity with the steam reservoir belonging 
to Mr. Perkins’s im engine, and at 
the other end with a chamber formed of 
metal flanges; into this chamber a strong 
n-barrel is firmly screwed, so as to be per- 
ectly air-tight (and two others connected 
with it), and extended in a horizontal direc- 
tion. From the upper portion of the cham- 
ber, two pipes or tubes project about 15 
inches, of sufficient diameter to allow mus- 
ket bullets to pass freely down, for the pur- 
pose of loading or shotting the gun. e 
steam being laid on the apparatus, nothing 
more is necessary than to lift the short lever 
of a sliding valve, when the rush of steam 
into the chamber instantaneously dischar, 
the bullet through the gun-barrel, with « 
force much greater than ordinary gun-pow- 
der. The bullets, being received against an 
iron target, are completely flattened. 

Mr. Perkins threw into the pipe or feeder 
of the apparatus three or four bullets at a 
time, which were stopped in the gun-barrels 
more than once, from want of sufficient steam 
pressure at the moment. But it is obvious 
this may be avoided My giving any degree of 
pressure requisite. Mr. Perkins has not yet 
employed a greater power than about 35 at- 
mospheres, though the strength of his appa- 
ratus would admit five times that power, if 
necessary. The apparatus is capable of dis- 
charging 160 balls per minute, or in fact, as 
fast as they can be put into feeders, and the 
gun-barrel may be turned in any direction. 

In applyiug steam for the discharge of 
ordnance, Mr. Perkins calculates, that se 
far from promoting the art of war, the 
tremendously destructive effects of cannon 
worked by this method would operate in a 
contrary way, by diminishing the induce- 
ment of nations to undertake naval warfare 
with such terrific agents. 

Raisinc Roors. 

A cotton-mill, 30 yards long by 10 wide, 
situated at Golt Stook, near Bingley, York- 
shire, the property of Mr. J. G. Horsfall of 
that place, has been raised a story by the 
use of the hydraulic press, without disturb- 
ing the roof or displacing any of the ma- 
chinery. This operation was performed by 
placing the pump under the rafters in suc- 
cession, and working the piston, when the 
roof was seen to rise about eight inches at 
a time, and stones of the requisite dimen- 
sions introduced in succession, till a course 
of stone was placed all round the = the 

mp was then again applied in the same 
cae as before, and r stones placed, 
till at length the story was completed, = 

the 














260 


the additional room gained without affecting 
the stability of the edifice. The saving of 
expense by this mode of elevating a build- 
ing is considerable ; aud in the present case 
it is calculated at from 80l. to 901. The’ 
weight of the roof and timbers could not 
be less than 80 tons: the room gained is 10 
feet high, and not a slate has been broken. 
Mines or Mexico, 

Great public interest has been excited of 
late by the formation of companies in Lon- 
don, whose object it is to work the silver 
mines of Mexico, and who have raised large 
capitals for that purpose. We have made 
the best inquiries in our power upon this 
subject, and we are enabled to lay before our 
readers some correct information, which will, 
we have no doubt, be acceptable, as it re- 
lates to undertakings which may have great 
influence on political events, may enlarge 
our commercial relations, and extend the 
field of scientific research. 

The mines of Mexico, though rich, have 
been abandoned, owing to the joint opera- 
tion of natural causes and of others arising 
from long-continued domestic contentions. 
The first of these causes related principally 
to the difficulties arising from increasing 
depth, and the consequent insufficiency of 
the means possessed to extract the water 
and the ore: these, it is expected, will be 
easily overcome by the application of our 
machinery, directed by competent skill to be 
supplied by persons sent from this country: 
the other obstacles are likely, it is hoped, to 
be removed by the settlement of differences 
among the provincial governments, and the 
‘arrangement of a legislative body agreeable 
to the whole. 

The first company which has actually con- 
tracted for mines, is called the Anglo-Mezxi- 
can Mining Association, and possesses a 
capital of one million sterling in shares of 
100/. each. The mines which are engaged 
are principally in the Real of Guanaxuato, 
near the city of that name, about 200 miles 
N. W. of the city of Mexico; they include 
that of Valenciana, which is stated to have 
been carried to the extraordinary depth of 
350 fathoms. This mine is spoken of at 
large by Baron Humboldt in his interesting 
works upon New Spain, and is reckoned by 
him to have alone produced one fourth of 
the silver of Mexico. It was originally 
quite free from water, but has been inun- 
dated by the influx from an adjoining mine, 
Tepryac, and has been nearly filled in the 
last 12 years, owing prtedtedly to the neg- 
lect caused by civil commotion. There are 
other mines also situated upon the same 
vein (the vetamadre of Guanaxuato), some 
of which will be worked by the company. 

Several steam-engines, as well for pump- 
ing out the water as for drawing up the ores, 
and for stamping and reducing them to a 
proper state for amalgamation and smelting, 
are already constructing in this country, and 


Arts and Sciences. 





[ March, 


a select body of miners from Cornwall are 
engaged to go out and conduct the various 
operations. The enterprize will be intrusted 
to Colonel Robinson, an officer of distin- 
see activity and merit, who will shortly 
eave England to commence operations. The 
directors in London have been chosen from 
among gentlemen of great respectability and 
ialivemase and the establishment, which will 
be of an extent commensurate with the 
magnitude of the object, is arranging under 
the direction of John Taylor, esq. whose 
connexion with the largest mines in this 
country is very well known. 

The second company consists pay 
of individuals engaged in mining in - 
land, who have undertaken to work the 
mines in Real del Monte, about 60 miles 
N. of the city of Mexico, belonging to 
the Conde de Regla, a distinguished Mexi. 
can nobleman; and also the mine of Moran, 
nearly adjoining, the property of Thomas 
Murphy, esq. who was long resident in the 
country, dnd of Don Fausto d’Elhuar, for- 
merly President of the Mining College of 
Mexico. This company has raised a capital 
of 200,000/. in 500 shares of 400/. each. 
Their arrangements here are also intrusted 
to Mr. Taylor; but we have not heard 
whether their foreign appointments are 
made, although it is understood that their 
preparations are in great forwardness, The 
mines of Real del Monte are not repre- 
sented as so rich as those of Guanaxuato, 
but they are spoken of by Humboldt as 
having been very productive. They are 
more troubled with water than the others, 
from which they have from time to time 
heen relieved by levels driven through great 
distances and at enormous charges; the 
works were extended below these adits as far 
as the skill of those employed could carry 
them, but the depths to be drained by ma- 
chinery are not very great. The mine of 
Morau was selected many years ago as a 
proper place for trying the effect of a water 
pressure engine which was erected by a Ger- 
man engineer; but after it had drained the 
mine in a rainy seasou, it was found that in 
the long droughts the supply of water to 
keep it in motion was insufficient to produce 
any regular effect, and the working was dis- 
continued. 

The prospectus of another company has 
also lately ap » whose capital is to be 
240,000/. in 6000 shares of 40/. each. This 
association is formed to work mines, to raise 
or purchase gold and silver ores or metals, 
and to smelt, reduce, refine, and separate 
the same, by the combination of European 
skill and capital with Mexican interests, 
through the medium of Don Lucas Alaman, 
a native of and residing in Mexico; but it 
has not been deemed expedient to enter into 
actual contracts for working mines, until 
the association be formed, and the extent of 
its capital ascertained.— Phil. Mag. 


ANTI. 














1824.) 


ANTIQUARIAN 





{ 261 Jj 


RESEARCHES. 


—@— 


A discovery was lately made of a Roman 
brick and tile-kiln, upon the estate of Ben- 
jamin Haigh Allen, esq. situate at Slack, in 
Longwood, in the parish of Huddersfield, 
20 inches from the surface. lt has roused 
the attention of thousands in that neigh- 
bourhood, who have journeyed to view the 
remains of this Roman antiquity; the re- 
ports at the first were various; that a 
church had been found under ground, a cas- 
tle, a town, a Roman city and bath had been 
discovered; however, what is discovered 
will be highly interesting to the Antiquary. 
The tiles are perfect, together with many of 
the pipes or tubes for conducting (as it is 
supposed) the heat from the fire to the kiln, 
where the bricks, tiles, &c. were burnt. 
The tiles are 12 inches long by 5, and some 
by 6 inches broad and 1 thick, and che- 
quered, and the tubes are about 12 inches 
long, and are at the end 63 by 5 inches, and 
chequered on two sides. The most mate- 
rial thing found is a piece of brick or tile 
impressed COH IIIT BRE, the C and part 
of the O being effaced—thus proving that 
the 4th Cohort of the Roman Legion was 
stationed at Slack. Camden states, that 
at Grimescar, near Huddersfield, bricks 
have been dug up with this inscription COH 
IIII BRE; for the Romans, who were ex- 
cellent masters in the arts of discipline and 
war, wisely took care to preserve their sol- 
diers from effeminacy and sloth, by exer- 
cising them in times of peace, either in 
draining the country by casting ditches, 
mending the highways, making bricks, 
building bridges, or the like. There are 
other articles found, but at present we have 
not been able to ascertain what they are, 
and the discoveries are still going on. Mr. 
Taylor, of Leeds, the architect, has made a 
drawing of the kiln before it was ordered by 
Mr. Allen to be pulled up, to be again put 
up at Green Head, his residence. “This re- 
moval is much to be lamented.— Leeds Jn- 
telligencer. 

As some labourers in the employ of Mr. 
Wm. Haward were lately at work in a field 
in his occupation, at Coddenham, co. Suf- 
folk, upon the estate of Sir William Mid- 
dleton, bart. they discovered a box of cop- 
per, about 24 inches in diameter, but inuch 
disfigured by the green rust of age. Upon 
the face or lid of the box is the head of a 
Roman Emperor, and on a a 
group, su d to represent a General ad- 
aden hie Cohorts. PT he box when found 
was closely shut, and on being opened, there 
were discovered two convex mirrors of 
highly-burnished metal, each about the 
size of a crown piece. Roman coins of the 
reigns of different Emperors have been 





found in the neighbourhood at various 
times, and near to the field above alluded to, 
a few were dug up some months since, both 
of silver and of copper: two of these coins 
bearing the head of espasianus, and one of 
Crispina Augusta, with the usual inscrip- 
tions, were in a state of tolerable preserva- 
tion; the others were either much or entirely 
obliterated. From the similarity of the im- 
perial head upon the lid of the box, and upon 
the coins bearing the head of Vespasianus, 
there is reason to suppose that the box was 
of the same era, and that it was a speculum 
or mirror belonging to some Roman matron 
of the vicinity. Two urns have also been 
discovered in the same place, one entire, 
except that the handle was broken off, the 
other more mutilated, and containing hu- 
man bones, and many fragments of funereal 
urns, lie scattered about the same field. 
That there was a Roman station not far dis- 
tant is generally admitted, and as the Ro- 
mans always fixed upon elevated sites, Anti- 
quaries have been of opinion, that Beacon 
Hill, in Coddenham, was its situation. 
Traces of a road have been discovered pass- 
ing through the Coddenham field, which 
road is supposed to have led from Colches- 
ter, the entient Camulodunum, in the direc- 
tion of Great Blakenham Church, passing a 
cottage called Sharnford* Cottage (close to 
which there was a ford) to Beacon Hill, and 
from thence to Taesborough and to Caister, 
in Norfolk. Of the existence of this road 
although it does not appear upon any of the 
maps, no doubt has ever been entertained, 
but Antiquaries have been at a loss what 
precise course it took. It is, we hear, the 
intention of Sir William Middleton, and of 
some gentlemen in the neighbourhood, to 
endeavour to trace its course, and we trust 
that their exertions will be successful to- 
wards establishing this curious point of An- 
tiquarian research. 

Roman Remains at Castor.—Mr. Artis 
is proceeding with success in publishing his 
Engravings of the Remains of the Roman 
station Durolrive, at Castor, in Northamp- 
tonshire; an account of his discoveries at 
this place is given in our vol. xcu. i, 483. 
Three Numbers have already appeared. The 
plates are well executed in lithography. We 
were much pleased with the general ‘* View 
of the Baths, and Site of the Roman Build- 
ings at Castor,” given in No. II. It seems 
a British Pompeii. We are sorry to observe 
that the Act compelling publishers to deli- 
ver 11 copies to public libraries, will deter 
Mr. Artis from giving any lelter-press ex- 
planations of his plates. 





* Sharn—a Causeway—Saxon. ahs 
SELECI 








SELECT 





{March, 


POETRY. 





THE ONSET OF TAILLEFER, 


At the Battle of Hastings. 

By Tuomas Amyot, Esq. F.S.A.* 
ee [IN the following Translation of two 
* Passages in Gaimar’s and Wace’s 
Verses describing the Minstrel Taillefer’s 
achievements in the Battle of Hastings, 
the two passages are blended, as each con- 
tains particulars which are not found in 
the fee the song of Roland, and the 
Minstrel’s prayer to William, being only 
mentioned by Wace, while the trick of 
catching the lance and sword, and the odd 
incident of the horse, owe their notice to 
Gaimar. 

Foremost in the bands of France, 
Arm’d with hauberk and with lance, 
And helmet glittering ia the air, 
As if a warrior-knight he were, 
Rush’d forth the minstrel Taillefer— 


Borne on his courser swift and strong, 

He gaily bounded o’er the plain, 
And rais’d the heart-inspiring song 
(Loud echoed by the warlike throng) 

Of Roland and of Charlemagne, 

Of Oliver, brave peer of old, 

Untaught to fly, unknown to yield, 
And many a knight and vassal bold, 
Whose hallow’d blood in crimson flood, 

Dyed Roncevalles’ field. 


Harold’s host he soon descried, 
Chustering on the hill’s steep side : 
Then turn’d him back brave Taillefer, 
And thus to William urg’d his prayer: 
4« Great Sire, it fits not me to tell 
How long I’ve serv’d you, or how well ; 
Yet if reward my lays may claim, 
Grant now the boon I dare to name :’ 
*« Minstrel no more, be mine the blow 
«¢ That first shall strike yon perjur’d foe.” 
“*Thy suit is gain’d,” the Duke replied, 
“«¢ Our gallant Minstrel be our guide.” 
«« Enough,” he cried, “ with joy I speed, 
‘Foremost to vanquish or to bleed.” 
And still of ny na deeds he sung, 
While Norman shouts res: ive > 
“As high in air his lance tae 
With well-directed might ; 
Back came the lance into his hand, 
Like urchin’s ball, or juggler’s wand, 
And twice again at his command, 
Whirl’d its unerring flight.— 
While doubting whether skill or charm 
Had thus inspir’d the Minstrel’s arm, 
The Saxons saw the wond'rous dart 
Fix’d in their standard-bearer’s heart. 





* From Mr. Amyot’s Defence of the An- 
tiquity of the Bayeux Tapestry, in Archeo- 
logia, vol. XIX. p. 206. 


Now thrice aloft his sword he threw, 
*Midst sparkling sun-Leams dancing, 
And downward thrice the weapon flew, 
Like meteor o'er the evening dew, 
From summer sky swift glancing : 
And while amazement gasp'd for breath, 
Another Saxon groan’d in death. 
More wonders yet !—on signal made, 
With mane erect, and eye-balls flashing, 
The well-taught courser rears his head, 
His teeth in ravenous fury gnashing ; 
He snorts—he foams—and upward springs— 
Plunging he fastens on the foe, 
And down his writhing victim flings 
Crush’d by the wily Minstrel’s blow. , 
Thus seems it to the hostile band 
Enchantment all, and fairy land. 


Fain would I leave the rest unsung :— 
The Saxon ranks, to madness stung, 
Headlong rush’d with frenzied start, 
Hurling javelin, mace, and dart : 

No shelter from the iron shower, 

Sought Taillefer in that sad hour ; 

Yet still he beckon’d to the field, ‘ 

‘*Frenchmen, come on—the Saxons yield— 

Strike quick—strike home—in Roland's 
name— 

For William’s glory—Harold’s shame.” 

Then piere’d with wounds, stretch’d side by 


side, 
The Minstrel and his courser died. 


Be — 
THE MOSS ROSE. , 


THE angel who tends on the flow’rs, 
And sprinkles them nightly with dew: 
Reposing one day in their bow’rs, 
A Rose-bush a shade round him threw. 
Awak’uing with smiles full of love, 
And pleas’d with his fragrant re 
He thought of some token to _ 
How much he regarded the _ sone 
He said, my dear Child, for thy shade, 
Of me ask what favour you please; 
I'll grant it; for by thy sweet aid 
I’ve slumber’d with pleasure and ease. 
Confer then on me, I desire, 
The Rose’s mild spirit reply’d, 
A charm that each maid will admire, 
And wear in her bosom with pride. 
With Moss I will deck thee, my Child, 
The Moss Rose in future thy name ; 
Thus Nature with Graces so mild 
Will add to thy beauty and fame. 


Ye fair cnes must all now confess, 
That rubies and diamonds are nought, 
When summon’d to finish your dress, 
Compar’d with what Nature points out. 
Seaham, Fel. 5. Ricuarp Watts. 
HI8- 











1824.) 





{ 263 ] 


HISTORICAL CHRONICLE. 
——> — 
PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. 


House or Commons, Feb. 23. 

The Chancellor of the Exchequer brought 
forward his FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT for 
this and two succeeding years. He com- 
menced with a concise statement of the 
— income and expenditure, “a ates 
t portunity of ratulating the House 
of ac ion yy are fs of 

ive prosperity afforded by flou- 
rishing condition of the Customs and the 
other chief branches of the Revenue. Hav- 
ing paid some compliments to the Emperor 
of Austria for the portion of his debt 
which he has agreed to discharge, the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer proceeded 
to communicate the measures which he 
should pro for the arrangement and 
disposition "a de Revenue. The ‘God 
send” from Austria, he said, afforded in the 
first place, an opportunity for fulfulling the 
declared intention of Parliament, by a fur- 
ther grant in favour of the interests of reli- 
ion; he should therefore propose 500,000/. 
for the erection of Churches. He should 
also propose to grant 800,000/. by two an- 
nual instalments, for the repairs of Windsor 
Castle, and other grants for the King’s li- 
brary, and for the purchase of Mr. Anger- 
stein’s pictures, which were, he said, valued 
at 57,000/. and would lay a foundation for a 
national gallery of paintings worthy of the 
taste and wealth of England. These were 
all the contingent expenses, which he ob- 
served were more than provided for by the 
contingent Revenue. Taking the present 
state of the Revenue as his term of compu- 
tation, he calculated, that at the termination 
of three years, were not the present peace 
interrupted, we should have, upon the four 
years ending in 1827, a clear surplus of 
4,136,000. The whole of this surplus he 
would apply to the remission of taxes to 
the amount of a million annually according 
to the following classification : 
A peer of the Rum wan 

of 1s. 14d. genta .150,000 
A Remission Trae London Coal 

duty of 3s. 4d. per chaldron, 

accompanied by a permission to 
introduce inland coal—nominal 

loss 200,0002. 

actual loss..........+< eee 

A Reduction of the Import 
and of the Export duties on 
wool each to one penny per 


100,000 


oe Oeeccccccsecccoscese erereee 350,000 

A Reduction of the Silk duties... 462,000 
The Chancellor of the Exchequer declared 
an intention of abolishing the whole system 





of bounties, beginning with the bounties 
on the whale and herring fisheries, and the 
bounties upon coarse linens (under 7d. a 
yard), and eding by a gradual reduc- 
tion of the bounties on other linens, at the 
rate of 10 per cent. per annum. 

With respect to the liquidation of the 
4 per cents. which was the immediate object 
of his motion, Mr. Robinson observed, that 
the necessity of giving six months notice 
of payment, which existed in the case of the 
4 per cents. rendered it impossible for him 
to follow exactly the course taken by his 
predecessor in dealing with the 5 per cents. 
with regard to which no notice was required. 
The necessity of notice compelled him to 
invite the assent of the Stockholders to a 
commutation, instead of challenging their 
dissent. He would, therefore, he said, give 
notice to the holders of 4 per cents, stock, 
that if they did not stock at 34 per 
cent. (100/ for 1001.) they should be paid 
off in October next; but that such as 
would accept the p commutation 
should be entitled to a guarantee of 34 per 
cent. should not be paid off for five years. 
The whole amount of 4 per cents. outstand- 
ing, he rated at 75 millions, one third of 
which he pro to pay off or commute 
annually, until the whole should be liqui- 
dated. 

Resolutions, founded on the details for 
reducing the interest on the 4 per cents. 
were then read and agreed to. 


Feb. 24. Mr. Williams brought forward 
his proposed motion for a Committee to in- 
quire into the forms and practices of the 
Court or Cuancery, with a view to their 
reformation. The learned Gentleman intro- 
duced his motion in a speech of great length, 
oe for its temper, ingenuity, and 
legal learning. The topics of it were the 
vexatious delays and ruinous expenses of suits 
in Equity. — Mr. Peel vindicated the Lord 
Chancellor from every imputation of self- 
interested conduct, but confessed the ex- 
istence to an intolerable extent of the griev- 
ances adverted to by Mr. Williams; these 
grievances had not escaped the Chancellor 
or the Government, the former having sug- 
gested the issuing of a Commission of In- 
quiry to investigate the matter, and the lat- 
ter having adopted the suggestion. 


Feb. 26. Mr. Alercromby, having first 
caused to be read the Petition frem the City 
of Edinburgh, which he presented last year, 
moved for leave to bring in a bill to — 

the 





264 


the effectual Representation of the Ciry 
or Epixsurcu im Parliament. In support 
of his proposition, he stated the Petition of 
last year was signed by seven thousand 
householders, rated at 5/. per annum and 
upwards, and that these were three-fourths 
in number of the actual number of house- 
holders so rated. He said, that though the 
City of Edinburgh contained one hundred 
thousand persons, the most orderly and in- 
telligent in his Majesty’s dominions, though 
the ber of householders was 21,000, of 
whom 10,000 were rated at 5/, and upwards ; 
notwithstanding that Edinburgh possessed 
all these claims to a popular representation, 
the nominal constituents of the Member for 
Edinburgh were but the 33 members of the 
Town Council, and the actual electors were 
nineteen of that body who nominated them- 
selves and their colleagues.—Mr. S. Wort- 
ley opposed the motion as contrary to the 
spirit of the Act of Union, and as an uncalled 
for example of dangerous innovation.—On 
a division it was rejected by a majority of 
92 to 75. 








March 1. Mr. Alercromby moved to ob- 
tain leave to establish in evidence certain 
words used by the Lord Chancellor, in the 
Court of Chancery, on Saturday Feb. 28, 
which words the honourable Member con- 
strued to impute to himself the assertion of 
a falsehood in a speech delivered in Parlia- 
ment, and by consequence to constitute a 
breach of the privileges of the House. 
The following were the particular words 
ascribed to the Lord Chancellor: ** With 
respect to = and re-hearings, it is sup- 
posed that I have heard them on new evi- 
dence, and thereby brought discredit on 
some part of the Court. Iv 1s aN UTTER 
Fatsenoop! ‘Therefore, really, before 
things are so represented, particularly by 
gentlemen with gowns on their Lacks, they 
should at least take care to be accurate, for it 
ts their business to be so.” —Mr.Brougham, 
Mr. Scarlett, Mr. JV. Williams, Sir James 
Mackintosh, &c. &c. supported the motion, 
which on the other hand, was opposed by 
Messrs. Canning, Peel, Wynn, and the Al- 
torney and Solicitur-General_——The motion 
for calling evidence to the Bar was ulti- 
mately rejected by a majority of 151 to 102. 





March 4. AQ Petition for the Sirk 
Weavers of Coventry came under discus- 
sion, complaining that the Chancellor of 
the Exchequer’s proposition of admitting 
French silks was likely to destroy their 
trade. The petitioners claimed the protec- 
tion of the Legislature, on the ground that 
while the Corn Laws remained in force, and 
while they had to support a much greater 
weight of taxation than any other Euro- 
pean manufacturers, they could not contend 
upon equal terms with the silk weavers of 
Knee. In presenting the Petition, Mr. 


Proceedings in the present Session of Parliament. 





{Mareh, 


Ellice observed, as a remarkable coincidence, 
that while the master manufacturers were 
preparing it, the working weavers were as- 
sembling to strike for higher wages,—Mr. 
Rotertson defended the proposition of the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer, as greatly be- 
neficial to the parties who were now remon- 
strating against it. 


March 5. The Sirk Trave was again under 
discussion, upon the presentation of a Pe- 
tition from Taunton by Mr. Baring. The 
Hon. Member, in his introductory speech, 
tuok occasion to express an opinion that the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer was pushing 
too far the abstract principles of political 
economy. He said, that without a repeal of 
the Corn Laws, an absolute emaucipation of 
Foreign Trade would be partial and unjust, 
and se to the British manufacturer ; 
and explained, that his own opinions of free 
trade went only to the liberation of domes- 
tic commerce,—Mr., Ellice, Mr. Davenport, 
Mr. Denman, Mr. T. Wilson, Sir J. Wrot- 
tesley, and Mr. Portman, supported the 
prayer of the Petition; as did Sir Thomas 
Lethbridge, who ridiculed the zeal for theo- 
rising, manifested by the Chancellor of the 
Exchequer; and observed, that as to the 
Corn Laws, for himself he was not unwilling 
to see them somewhat relaxed, as he wished 
to see corn no higher than at present, ‘live 
and let live” being the maxim of the agri- 
cultural interest. The proposed regulation 
of the Silk Duties was, on the other hand, 
supported by Messrs. Canning, Peel, Hus- 
kisson, Hume, Haldimand, Materly, Phil- 
lips, J. Smith, 1V. Smith, and Sir J. New- 
port. 

In consequence of the absence of the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer, through in- 
disposition, Mr. Huskisson undertovk to 
move the resolutions in the Committee oF 
Ways anv Means. 

Mr. Huskisson then proceeded to move 
the resolutions relative to the Sitk Trape. 
He commenced with a repetition of all the 
usual arguments in favour of the utmost 
freedom of commerce, and then proceeded 
to draw an analogy as to what the British 
Silk Trade might be, from what the British 
Cotton Trade had become. The exports 
of manufactured Cotton had, he said, mul- 
tiplied since 1780 in the prodigious ratio of 
forty to one, though this might be called‘an 
exotic manufacture, while the export of 
Woollen—our native manufacture, had in 
the same period increased only one third. 
He disclaimed any impatience to put in 
practice the doctrines of political economy 
which he entertained ; but he explained that 
the present condition of the world offered 
opportunities to secure the Silk Trade which 
might never return. The question of time, 
he said, had given him much uneasiness, 
as every period upon which he could fix 
must affect injuriously one interest or an- 

other ; 











1824.) 


other; he had, however, finally come to the 
determination that, as respected the reduc- 
tion of the import duties on raw silk, the 
earliest period would be the best, and he 
should therefore propose, that that measure 
should come into operation on the 25th 
inst. instead of the 5th July, as at first in- 
tended by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. 
The removal of the prohibitory duties upon 
foreign manufactured silks might, he thought, 
be advantageously postponed ; and he should 
therefore fix, fur the removal of those du- 
ties, the 5th of July 1826. (The annun- 
ciatien of this postponement was received 
with loud cheers in the House; and with a 
very extraordinary expression of satisfaction 
and gratitude by the silk-weavers in the gal- 
lery, passages, and streets—a clapping of 
hands, which lasted several minutes.) The 
Right Hon. Gentleman then entered into an 
explanation of the mode in which he pro- 
posed, by way of drawbacks, to meet the 
case of persons holding large quantities of 
silk, for which they had paid the duties.— 
Mr. Baring opposed the whole plan as 
likely to ruin the working silk-weavers, and 
to frighten the master manufacturers to 
withdraw their capital from a trade in which 
they would have to contend with the greater 
skill, more perfect machinery, and lower rate 
of wages, of their French rivals. — Mr. 
Wallace supported the measure, as did 
some other Members; and Mr. Davenport, 
Mr. Ellice, Mr. Alderman Heygate, and 
several others, opposed it. The resolution 
was agreed to without a division. 





March 9. Mr. Grattan presented a Pe- 
tition from some of the Irish Roman Ca- 
TuoLtic Bisnors, complaining that the 
money bestowed by Parliament for the edu- 
cation of the poor in Ireland, was confided 
almost exclusively to the management of 
Protestants who were in the habit of teach- 
ing the children, committed to their care, 
to read the Holy Scriptures, without note 
or comment, contrary to the practice and 
interests of the Roman Catholic Church.— 
Mr. Goulburn resisted the object of the Pe- 
titioners, which, he said, was nothing less 
than to obtain a separate fund for the ex- 
clusive edueation of Catholics.—Sir J. New- 
port lamented the presentation of the Peti- 
tion, which is considered likely to injure 
the interests of the Catholics —Mr. Daw- 
son made some objection against the as- 
sumption of the title of Bishops by the 
Petitioners, which assumption was de- 
fended by Mr. Plunkett,—Mr. Abercromly 
avowed his approbation of the course which 
had been taken by the “< Kildare-street So- 
ciety of Dublin,” to which the Parliamentary 
Grants had been made; and Mr. V. Fitz- 
gerald stated that in only six years the So- 
met had multiplied the number of schouls 
in the Counties of Cork and Limerick, from 
3 to 108.—Mr. D. Brown professed to con- 

Gent. Mac. March, 1824. 


10 





Proceedings in the present Session of Parliament. 
eur in the views of the Catholic Bishops,— 
Mr. Peel said, that in educating the Irish 
poor, two objects ought to be kept always 





265 


in view. The first was, to unite Catholics 
and Protestants, as far as possible, in the 
course of education; and the second was, 
to studiously avoid any approach to proselyt- 
ism. These objects had never, he said, been 
lost sight of by the ‘* Kildare-street Society.” 

Mr. Goullurn moved for leave to bring in 
a Bit to amend the Irish Tirne Act. of 
last year. He gave an explanation of his 
intended alterations.—Mr. Grattan alluded 
to severel defects in the Bill of last year, of 
which he ‘had personal experience. — Mr. 
Hume said that there was but one remedy, 
and that was to break up the Church Esta- 
blishment in Ireland.—Mr, Peel reproved 
the last speaker with some severity; and, 
after a short conversation, leave was granted. 


Qe 
House or Lorps, March 15. 

The Marquis of Lansdown moved an ad- 
dress to the Throne, recommending the im- 
mediate recognition of the South Tecsttom 
States, and enforced his motion in a speech 
of extraordinary ability, by arguments drawn 
from the strength and stability of the States 
in question, the utter impossibility of their 
being ever re-conquered by Spain, and the 
wisdom and justice of Great Britain’s form- 
ing the most intimate connection with 
the free governments of the New World, 
as a support and counterpoise against the 
conspiracy of Despots on the Continent 
of Europe.—The Earl of Liverpool avowed 
his cordial concurrence in all the general 

ropositions and principles advanced by the 
Noble Marquis, but defended the deliberation 
of Ministers in acknowledging the independ- 
ence of the South American States, by a 
reference to the history of Spain and her 
colonies during the period which had elapsed 
from the first manifestation of a desire of 
independence on the part of the latter. 
Through the early part of this period, he 
said, we were in the closest alliance with 
Spain, and could not therefore interfere to 
aid her revolted colonies; and subsequently 
the weak and distracted state of that king- 
dom would have rendered any unkind inter- 
ference on our part in the highest degree 
dishonourable. He maintained, however, 
that, though under these circumstances the 
British Government has abstained from a 
formal recognition, it had, by its injunction 
against foreign interference, and by the ab- 
juration of such interference, which it ex- 
torted from France, rendered services to the 
South Americans worth a thousand recog- 
nitions. He concluded by proposing an 
amendment expressive of the confidence of 
the House in the measures of Government. 
—Lords Calthorpe and Roseberry supported 
the amendment, and Lord Ellentorough op- 
posed it. On a division the amendment was 

carried by a majority of 95 to 24, : 
n 











266 


In the House or Commons the same day, 
Mr. Hume renewed his efforts to procure the 
abolition of military flogging. ‘The motion 
was opposed with much ability by Sir HM. 
Vivian, who asserted (while he lamented the 
fact) that flogging was indispensable to the 
discipline of the army. Mr. Hume’s mo- 
tion was rejected by a majority of 127 to 47, 


House or Commons, March 16. 

The great question of the condition of 
the West Indian slaves came under discus- 
sion, The speech of Mr. Canning was full, 
clear, and candid, and of the mildest and 
most conciliating temper. That the com- 
munications made in it partook of the 
satisfactory character, will he seen by the 
following abstract of the order in Council, 
by which a milder treatment of the Negro 
was enjoined to persons in authority: 1. 
The use of the whip, so indecent and so 
shocking, is to be utterly abolished in re- 
yard to female slaves.—2. The whip is no 
longer borne by the driver in the field; to 
be no longer emploved as a summary punish- 
ment of the male Negroes; to be wholly 
laid aside as a siimulus to lalour, and resorted 
to only as a chastisement for misbehaviour, 
deliberately proved and recorded.—3. Am- 

le provision is to be made for the religious 
instruction of the Negroes, by the appoint- 
ment of two Bishops, with regular clergy 
uuder them.—4. Marriage is to be encou- 
raged, families never to be separated, and 
the property of the slave is to be protected 
by positive law.—5. Banks are to be esta- 
blished, in which the slave may deposit his 
earnings; the money so placed to be sacred, 
in all cases, from the master’s grasp.—é. 
The testimony of slaves, under certain limi- 
tations depending on personal character, is 
to be received in all civil cases, except when 
the master’s immediate interests are con- 


bORELGN 


FRANCE. 

On Monday the 22d iust. the King of 
France opened the Session of 1824. ‘The 
King’s Address to the Chambers was re- 
ceived with great enthusiasm. It breathed 
the spirit of conciliation, but contained no- 
thing extraordinary. The Journal des De- 
tats has a triumphant article upon the re- 
sult of the late elections, which appears to 
have been such as to afford to the Royalists 
some ground for exultation, The Opposi- 
tion, which in the last Chamber nuinbered 
116 Members, is said now to muster but 17; 
and what is, perhaps, of more importance 
to the ease of the Ministry than the 
mere numerical decrease — Manuel, and 
other liberal orators, are among the ex- 
cluded. 

SPAIN. 

Accounts fiom Madrid state, that Ferdi- 

naud has relaxed in his severity to the Con- 


Proceedings in Parliament.—Foreign News. 


[March, 


cerned, and in all criminal cases, exeept 
when the life of a white’ person is involved, 
—7. The slave who has acquired a certain 
sun of moncy is to have the power of pur- 
chasing his own manumission, or that of his 
wife or child; and thus the father may be- 
come, as it is fit he should, the instrument 
of liberty to his offspring. In the first in- 
stance, the experiment is to he tried in the 
conquered colonies alone; and it is hoped 
that the old English colonies, with the ad- 
vantage of their Legislative Assemblies, will 
not fail to follow so excellent an example.— 
Mr. Canning obtained leave to bring in a bill 
making the slave-trade piracy. 

March 18. Lord J. Russel brought for- 
ward a motion respecting the occupation of 
Spain by France. He ad:nitted that, in the 
present posture of public affairs, this coun- 
try ought not to court a war; but he con- 
tended that Ministers might, without dan- 
ger of provoking hostilities, interpose to for- 
bid an invasion of South America, by Spain, 
so long as Spain remains under the dominion 
of France. — Sir Rotert [Hilson supported 
the Noble Lord’s proposition in an explicit 
and very temperate speech.—Mr. Canning 
replied to the arguments of Lord J. Russell 
and Sir R. Wilson, speaking with the ut- 
most kinduess of the latter. He maintained 
that the continuance of the French army 
in Spain was not desireable nor desired by 
the French Government, but that it was 
necessary to save the people of Spain from 
mutual destruction; in conclusion, he ani- 
madverted, in a very happy vein of plea- 
santry, upon the romantic expeditions of Sir 
R. Wilson and Lord Nugent, styling the 
noble adventurer ** an enormous breach—of 
neutrality.” — An amendment approving of 
the measures of ministers, proposed by Mr. 
Littleton, was carried without a division. 


NEWS. 

stitutionalists, at the intercession of the 
French Ambassador and Sir W. A’Court. 
He had, indeed, positively refused to grant 
the amnesty so long desired and expected, 
but had ordered the Governors of the pro- 
vinces to issue circulars, calling upon the 
authorities to alter their mode of conduct 
towards the Constitutionalists. 

The Spanish provinces are tolerably tran- 
quil, but trade is at a stand, and the greatest 
distress prevails, so that the emigrations are 
numerous. A Decree establishes a Junta of 
Ministers, which is to draw up a plan for the 
education of youth, of which religion will 
be the basis. Vosts are established for the 
security of Madrid, which communicate at 
night with the sentinels. 

Intelligence has arrived, that the Alge- 
rines have already taken 10 Spanish vessels; 
and that in a landing, effected during the 
night on the coast of Valencia, they —_ 
0 














1824.] 


off 47 persons, men, women, and children, 
as slaves. 


ITALY AND SWITZERLAND. 

Letters from Rome, dated March 6, state 
that great mortality prevails there in conse- 
quence of the intense cold. The mountains 
in the neighbourhood were covered with 
snow, and the Argentina theatre had been 
closed for several days, owing to the illness 
of the principal singers caused by cold taken 
at the theatre. The accounts from Switzer- 
land speak of the winter there as one of the 
most severe that has been known for several 
years—at a short distauce from Berne, an 
avalanche had carried away a building and 
animals to a distance of nearly 1000 yards. 

GREECE AND TURKEY. 

Interesting information relative to the af- 
fairs of Greece has been received in London. 
The Hon. Leicester Stanhope, who had been 
for some time attempting to form a corps of 
artillery, has at length succeeded to the ut- 
most extent of his wishes, and now boasts 
that the Greeks have a force more than suf- 
ficient to reduce all the fortresses in the 
hands of the Turks. Lord Byron continues 
the soul of the Greek cause, and is every 
where popular. 

The Porte has made a strong remonstrance 
to our Ambassador, Lord Strangford, on the 
interference of Lord Byron and other Eng- 
lishmen in its quarrel with the Greeks. 

The Greeks have seized some Austrian 
vessels, attempting to convey supplies to 
the garrison of Patras, and refuse to restore 
them. 

AFRICA. 

By dispatches received at the Admiralty 
from Vice-admiral Sir Harry Neale, dated 
the 25th of February, off Algiers, it ap- 
pears that Sir Harry was maintaining a strict 
blockade of that port. 

The Algerines appear to have heen suc- 
cessful in cruising against the Spaniards. 
The captain of a vessel arrived at Gibraltar, 
from Oran, on the Sth inst. reported having 
met an Algerine squadron off that port, re- 
turning to Algiers to refit, having “a Spa- 
nish prizes in company. 


SOUTH AMERICA. 


The Emperor of the Brazils has pub- 
lished the project of a new Constitution, 
which declares Brazil independent, and esta- 
blishes an hereditary, constitutional, and re- 

resentative monarchy. Both Houses of 


gislation are to be elective; and the 
elective franchise is extended to all free 
Brazilian subjects, with the exception of 
servants and paupers. The deputies are to 
he elected for four years, the senators for 
life. 

It appears, by letters from Mexico to the 


Foreign News. 





267 


2d of February, that 2 commotion took 
place in that city onthe 23d of January, 
and five following days, which had its origin 
in an attempt of Lobato, the General com~ 
manding the troops in the capital, to dictate 
to the Congress and Executive Power mea= 
sures for removing all European Spaniards, 
and ‘* Americans, little attached to the sys- 
tem of liberty,” from employments under 
the Repnblic. The Congress seemed to 
have been alarmed at this demonstration, 
and so far submitted, as to declare that the 
Spaniards should be removed from their em- 
ployments; but in the mean time ordered 
the troops to lay down their arms. On the 
24th the Generals and Commandants in 
Chief of the corps in quarters at Mexico 
met and came to the resolution, that they 
would not lay down their arms till the Sove- 
reign Constituent Congress placed the Execu- 
tive Power in the hands of Americans of 
known patriotic sentiments. The disturb- 
ances continued to the 27th, when, in con- 
sequence of the secession of a great part of 
the troops from their Commanders, the Con- 
gress were enabled to cause the heads of the 
insurrection to be arrested. One was shot, 
and 22 ordered to be tried by Councils of 
War; and up to the date of the latest ad- 
vices tranquillity had not again been inter- 
rupted. 

Advices of the disperson of the Inde- 
pendents under General Santa Cruz, neat 
the river Desaguadero, and their subsequent 
evacuation of Upper Peru, have been re- 
ceived. The fruits of the whole of the last 
campaign in Upper Peru have consequently 
been lost by the Independents, and much 
must now depend on General Bolivar’s 
energy and resources. According to the 
latest accounts fromm Lima, Bolivar wes then 
at that place, and in the exercise of the 
supreme authority. ‘The Congress had been 
dissolved, and a military government substi- 
tuted in the mean time. His Excellency is 
said to have succeeded in establishing peace 
and union amongst the Patriots; and it was 
expected that he would soon be able to take 
the field with an army of upwards of 11,400 
mea. 


WEST INDIES. 


Jamaica Papers of the sth ult. state that 
fourteen slaves were tried at Montego bay 
on the 28th Jan. on an indictment for com- 
bining in a rebellious conspiracy. ‘Thirteen 
were found guilty and one discharged, the 
evidence against him having been deemed 
insufficient. Three of the convicted ne- 
groes were sentenced to be transported off 
the island for life, and the others to con- 
finement in the workhouse for different 
terms, nove of which exceed twelve months, 
to be kept to hard labour and to be whipped 
twice, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes each 


time. 
SOUTH 

















268 


SOUTH PACIFIC. 
OranelrTE. 

The following interesting particulars are 
extracted from a letter, dated May 13,1823 : 

*« The Isle of Otaheite is now so different 
from what it was in the time of Captain 
Cook, in 1767, that it is impossible for me 
to give you a complete idea in so short a 
letter, written in all haste. The Mission- 
aries have totally changed the direction of 
the morals and customs of the inhabitants. 
Idolatry exists no longer: Christianity is 
generally adopted. ‘The women now behave 
with extraordinary reserve; they no longer 
go on-board the ships; and even on land it 
is impossible to form with them the least con- 
nection, or the least attachment. Marriages 
are contracted as in Europe ; even the King, 
at present, can have but one wife. The prac- 
tice of destroying children, and human sa- 
crifices, no longer take place; almost all 
the inhabitants can read and write ; they all 


Foreign News.— Domestic Occurrences. 


[March, 


have religious books written in their lan- 
guage, and printed in the island. Sixty-six 
magnificent churches have been built, and 
twice a week the people go in devotion 
to hear the preacher. indivi s are often 
seen taking notes with pencil and paper of 
the most interesting passages of the sermon. 
The Missionaries yearly convoke at Paparo 
the whole of the population, which amounts 
to 7000 souls. is Assembly is at present 
holden. There is now a discussion going on 
respecting a new code of laws, and the prin- 
cipal chiefs of the nation ascend the tribune, 
and speak for whole hours with a vehemence 
truly extraordinary. About two months 
ago - — = Otaheite declared itself in- 
dependent of England; it onl nises 
ier Wietnantee. A red flag, wth 0 chine 
star in the upper corner, is now mounted on 
the point which Bougainville’ named Point 
Venus.” 


-~—-@— 
DOMESTIC OCCURRENCES. 


INTELLIGENCE FROM VARIOUS 
PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. 


We regret exceedingly to state, that the 
disturbances in Limerick, Cork, and Kil- 
kenny, continue. They are of a nature that 
must inflict pain on every man who has a re- 
gard for this miserable country and its wretch- 
ed inhabitants, to whatever rank or class 
they may belong. In Kildorrery, Cork, a 
murder has been committed on a man named 
Sullivan. Near Buttevant, in the same 
county, the house of Mr. Ilward, a farmer, 
was burnt. In Tipperary, near New Inn, a 
man of the name of Conway had his skull 
fractured, of which he died. Mr. Marum, 
in Kilkenny, was waylaid and murdered. At 
or near Callan, in the same county, one 
Long, a process-server, who endeavoured to 
levy tithes, was murdered on the same day. 
In Limerick they are continuing to arrest 
under the Insurrection Act. Sixteen men 
were taken up on the 20th inst. in Kil- 
meady in the county of Dublin. 

The Survey of Ireland is finally decided 
upon. Major Colby is to have the direction, 
and to increase the rapidity of it, twenty ca- 
dets who have left the Woolwich academy, 
and are waiting for Commissions in the Ord- 
nance Quen, kon been ordered on that ser- 
vice. By the 29th March they were to be 
at Cardiff for further instruction in Land 
Surveying, under Mr. Dawson of the late 
Corps of Draftsmen, with whom they will 
remain about six weeks, and then proceed to 
Treland. 

The attention of the English capitalists 
has at length been drawn to Ireland. A 
company has been for some time forming 
under the auspices of the leading Irish 
houses, for working collieries and mines in 


that country, which has been ascertained 
to abound in coal and minerals. The un- 
dertaking is warmly seconded hy the most 
distinguished of the nobility and gentry con- 
nected with Ireland, as also by the principal 
London companies holding large landed pro- 
perty in the island. 

A meeting was lately held at Dublin, Lord 
Cloncurry in the Chair, when it was agreed 
to form an association for the purpose of 
draining the bogs of Ireland. It is caleu- 
lated that there are about 3,000,000 acres 
of such land in the sister kingdom. The 
meeting resolved to apply to Parliament for 
an act; and a great number of persons en- 
rolled their names for shares of the new 
society. 

The labourers employed by the trustees 
of the turnpike-road, in digging gravel in a 
pit nearly opposite the Marquis of Granby 
public-house, near Reading, have discovered 
the skeletons of at least 45 human bodies ; 
and as they proceed in their excavations 
are still discovering more. From the man- 
ner in which the bodies appeared to have 
been heaped together, there can be little 
doubt but they are the remains of an army 
—and, it is most probable, of that com- 
manded by the Earl of Essex, during the 

riod of the rebellion, as it appears from 

rd Clarendon, that in the early part of 
1643 the Earl marched from Windsor with 
an army of sixteen thousand foot, and above 
three thousand horse, with an intention of 
besieging the town, which was then one of 
the King’s garrisons, though but meanly 
fortified; and that during such siege ‘‘ there 
were from the town frequent sallies with 
good success, and very many soldiers and 
some officers of the enemy were killed.” 


LON- 





1824.] 


LONDON AND ITS VICINITY. 

The communications with France and 
Spain, relative to the South American pro- 
vinces, presented to both Houses of Par- 
fiament on the 4th instant, are of consider- 
able interest ; as declaring the decided policy 
pursued by this country. They comprise a 
memorandum of a conference held on the 
9th of last October, between the Prince de 
Polignac and Mr. Canning—a letter of the 
30th of December from Sir W. A’Court, 
with its inclosures—and a letter of the 30th 
of January from Mr. Canning to Sir William, 
On the part of France, the most important 
feature of the conference is a precise decla- 
ration that the French Government abjured, 
in any case, any design in acting against the 
Colonies by force of arms. She also for- 
mally disclaims any desire to appropriate 
any part of them to herself; and regards as 
hopeless the idea of reducing Spanish Ame- 
rica to the state of its former relation to 
Spain. On the part of Spain, an earnest 
desire is expressed that all the Allies would 
agree to a conference at Paris, to devise 
means of adjusting the affairs of South 
America; and King Ferdinand declares his 
willingness to consider of the alterations 
which events have produced in his American 
Provinces, and of the relations which during 
the disorders have been formed with com- 
mercial nations. On the part of England, 
it is declared, as matter of opinion, that the 
recognition of such of the new States as 
have established de facto their separate 
political existence, cannot be longer delayed ; 
the British Government has no desire to 
anticipate Spain in that recognition ; but 
even before many months elapse, the desire 
of leaving the precedency to the latter may 
be overborne by considerations of a more 
comprehensive nature. Should Spain de- 
termine on recognising any of the new 
States, Great Britain would willingly afford 
its countenance to a negotiation on that 
basis. She asks no exclusive privilege of 
trade for herself, but merely a free trade for 
all, allowing Spain herself to preserve su- 
perior commercial advantages. After these 
explicit declarations, a conference with the 
Allied Powers on the subject appears use- 
less, and is, therefore, declined by his 
Majesty. 

paper has been printed by order of the 
House of Commons, presenting an abstract 
of the net public income and expenditure of 
the United Kingdom for the last year; by 
which it appears that the income paid to 
the Exchequer in the year ending Jan. 5, 
1824, was 57,672,9991. 8s. 44d. the ex- 
penditure 50,962,014/. 17s. 114d. leaving 
a surplus of 6,710,984/. 10s. 53d. 

The Report of the Committee of the 
House of Commons appointed to inquire 
into the state of the laws, and their con- 
sequences, respecting artizans leaving the 
kingdom and residing abroad, the exporta- 





Domestic Occurrences. 





269 


tion of machinery, &c. and the Workmen's 
Combination Law, has been published, to- 
gether with the evidence. It is clearly 
proved by several engineers and others, 
that these laws are not only inoperative, 
but in numerous cases tend to produce the 
evils they are intended to prevent ; and that 
their effect is to throw the whole of the 
manufacture of machinery for foreign coun- 
tries into the hands of those who can easily 
procure all the plans, specifications of im- 
rovements of machinery, &c. and who are 
ed by this to entice the best workmen 
abroad, with promises of great pecuniary 
advantages, which in almost every instance 
are broken; and by the present state of the 
laws, these individuals are prevented return- 
iug to their own country. Almost all the 
witnesses agree, that if t laws were ab- 
rogated, it would be far more difficult to 
inveigle the workmen ; and that our natural 
advantages and acquired skill would ensure 
us the almost exclusive manufacture of ma- 
chinery for the world, and not place our ma- 
nufacturers in a more disadvantageous state 
than at present. The Combination Laws 
are also stated to give rise, in the far greater 
majority of instances, to the very evils they 
were adopted to prevent. 

His Majesty has decided that the Ceno- 
taph, to the Princess Charlotte, (see vol. 
xc. i. 349. xcul. ii, 627) shall be placed in 
St. George’s Chapel, /Vindsor, near the 
mortal remains of the lamented Princess. 
We are glad the public will soon have an 
opportunity of judging of this effort of the 
genius of Mr. Matthew Wyatt. 

Earl Grosvenor has given a piece of ground 
at Pimlico, whereon a new Church is to be 
built. The site is near the intended new 
square, by the King’s Road. 

March 10. The King has been pleased to 
decide that one uniform system of Field Ex- 
ercise and Movement shall be established 
throughout the army, and all General Of- 
ficers, Colonels, and Commanding Officers 
of Corps, are held responsible for the due 
and accurate performance of every of 
the Regulations approved by his Majesty, 
in order that no deviation may creep into 
practice. 

March 15. The first pile of the new 
London Bridge was ra this morning, 
amidst the cheers of a great number of 
persons, who had collected on both sides 
of the water, and on the West side of Lon- 
don Bridge, to witness the commencement 
of this undertaking. 

March 18. A fire broke out in the ex- 
tensive Wharfs and Warehouses of Messrs. 
Pickford and Co. on the banks of the City 
Road Basin. The fire was first observed in 
the interior of the middle row of Ware- 
houses, and so rapid was its progress, as 
to defy every effort to prevent it spreading 
destruction around, and in a short time it 
communicated to the building. The en- 

Sines 








270 
gines were Nedaienty Soeur into play, 
partly standing in the Canal, while the fire- 
men manned a boat, and boldly ventured as 
near the flames as the scorchinz heat would 
allow them. ‘The warehouses where the fire 
originated, being stored with goods, parti- 
cularly from Liverpool, Manchester, Staf- 
fordshire, Birmingham, and Sheffield, de- 
fied all exertions to save a single article. 
Mr. Pickford’s property, it is said, is in- 
sured to an amount sufficient to cover his 
total loss ; but, we regret to state, that such 
is not the case with a great quantity of mer- 
chants’ property. 

March 24. This morning, at three 
o'clock, the town and neighbourhood of 
Woolwich was thrown into the greatest 
confusion by an alarm of fire. It was as- 
certained that the flames proceeded from 
the house and premises of Mr. Chambers, 
baker and flour-factor, and a small cluster 
of houses called Ashdown, in the parish of 
Woolwich, and within a few minutes’ walk 
of the Dock-yard; and in less than ten mi- 
nutes the whole range of houses composing 
Ashdown presented one grand mass of 
flames, illuminating the country round for 
several miles. ‘The Marines composing the 
garrison at Woolwich were beat to quart- 
ers, and 500 men were placed under arms. 
There are in all twelve houses reduced to 
ashes, besides several sheds, and some hay 


and straw ricks. 
Qe 
‘ THEATRICAL REGISTER. 
New Pieces. 
Covent Garvey. 

March 11. A new Comedy, in five acts, 
entitled, Pride shall have a Fall. It is from 
the pen of the Rev. George Croly, au- 
thor of the ** Angel of the World,” ¢*Ca- 
tiline,” &c. As a dramatic production, it 
was calculated to excite a powerful interest, 
and was received with unbounded applause. 
As a specimen of literary talent, and ster- 
ling composition, it is in no way unworthy 
of its author; and we consider that the 
piece will afford as much gratification by 
perusal in the closet, as by representation 
on the stage. The plot is very simple, of 
which the following is a brief outline. — 
“¢ Victoria, daughter of a Sicilian merchant, 
has been betrothed to Lorenzo, an officer of 
hussars. During his absence on an expedi- 
tion to Morocco, the merchant has been 
bequeathed a large estate, and has become 
Count. Ventoso. The family decide on re- 
jecting Lorenzo, as an inferior match. He 
returns, is indignant; and acquainting his 
brother officers with the insult, determines 
on degrading the family by a marriage with 
a man of the lowest order, personating a 
man of rank. This man is looked for in the 
public gaol; the family are captivated, and 
the match is to occur immediately, Lo- 


Domestie Occurrences.—Theatrical Register. 





(March, 


renzo suddenly regrets his vengeance, in- 
terferes, and d the impostor. The 
pride of the family has a fall. Finally, Lo- 
renzo is ascertained to be of high birth, and 
the impostor heir to opulence. The daugh- 
ters find their lovers, and the Count and 
Countess are secured in their title and for- 
tune. The scene is iu Palermo.”—The play 
was announced for repetition amidst rei- 
terated applause. 

Several little musical pieces are intro- 
duced, which are adapted to the Italian and 
Spanish manner ; but the difficulty, as the 
writer observes, of reconciling foreign mu- 
sie with English rhythm, may be some apo- 
logy for the occasional wai.t of harmony. 





The following are specimens : 

Act I. Scene 2. Victoria sings. 
Love, thou dear deceiver ! 
Here at length we part; 
From this moment, never 
Shalt thou wring my heart. 
Yet this tear-drop stealing, 
Yet this throb of pain, 
Tell me, past concealing, 
I’m thy slave again. 


(Italian ) 


List’ning saints! befriend me; 
Love! my peace restore ; 
Pride ! thy spirit lend me ; 

All will soon be o’er. 


Leonora sings. (Spanish.) 
Welcome Duty, 
Farewell beauty ; 
Welcome matins, vespers, veils and tapers ! 
Welconie fasting 
Everlasting ; 
Welcome quarrels, scandal, sulks and va- 
pours! 
Welcome weeping, 
Never sleeping ; 
Farewell dances, 
Plays, romances, 
With a lira la, &e. 


No! let creatures 
Without features 
Turn their skins blue, green, and yellow. 
Farewell ening. 
Farewell canting, 
Farewell Nuns su meek, and Monks so mel- 
low. 
Welcome wooing, 
Billet-douxing, 
Cards, quadrilling, 
Flirting, killing, 
With a lira, la, &e. [Spiritedly. 


[Slowly. 





Drury Lane. 
Feb. 24. A new Burlesque, entitled Rum- 


fustian Inamorata, ov the Court of Quodii- 


let, from the pen of Mr. Walker. There 
was a good deal of broad humour in the 
piece ; and it was well received, having been 
frequently repeated. 7 


PRE- 











1824.] 


Gazette Promotions. 

War-office, Fel. 20. 10th reg. Foot: 
Maj.-gen. Sir J. Lambert, K. C. B. to Le Col. 
rice Maitland, dec.—Maj.-gen. Sir F. Adam, 
K.C.B. to have the local rank ef Lieut.-gen. 
in the Ionian Islands —Brevet Major W. G. 
Moore, of the 1st or Gren. Foot Guards, to 
be Dep. Quartermaster-gen. to the Forces 
serving in the Windward and Leeward Is- 
lauds (with the rank of Lieut.-col. in the 
army), vice Popham, dec.—Royal Artillery : 
Major-gen. Sir B. Bloomfield, bart. to be a 
Col.-commandant, vice Farrington. 

Feb.27. 12th Drag.: Brevet Major Alex- 
ander Barton to be Major.—40th Foot: 
Major Michael Chamberlain, to be Major. 

Feb. 28. Lieut.-gen, Sir J. Oswald to be 
K.G.C. of the Bath.— George Colman, 
esq. to be Licenser of Plays. 

March 6. Sir Geo. Murray, G, C. B. 
Lieut.- gen. of the Ordnance —Sir F. Adam, 
G.C.B. Lord High Commissioner of the 
Ionian Islands. 

Carlton House, March 10, — Sheriff for 
Leicestershire. Charles Godfrey Mundy, of 
Burton on the Wolds, esq. vice Major. 

Sir John Owen, Lieutenant of County of 
Pembroke, took the oaths. 

War-Office, March 12. 49th Foot, Capt. 
R. Bartley to he Major.—63d ditto, Major 
C. George J. Arbuthnot to be Major.—!st 
West India reg.: Lieut-col. F. F. Brown, 
to be Lieut.-col.—ed ditto, Major D. Joly to 
be Maj.—Cape Corps: Lieut.-col. J. Cassidy 
to be Lieut.-col.—To be Majors in the Army 
—Capts. A. Lyster, C. W. Kerr, of the ad 
Royal Vet. Batt., and W. Forrest, of the 
Hon. East India Company’s service (In- 
spector of Military Stores), to be Majors in 
the East Indies only. 

C. Wetherell, esy. M.P. Solicitor Gene- 
ral, knighted. 
EccresiasticaL PrerermMents. 
Hon. and Rev. Dr. Henry Ryder, Bp of 

Gloucester, to be Bp. of Lichfield and 

Coventry, vice Earl Cornwallis, dec. 

Rev. Christ. Lipscombe, Bp. of Jamaica. 
Rev. Sam. Slade, D.D. Dean of Chichester. 
Hon. and Rev. Geo. Pellew, Prebendary of 

Osbaldwick, in York. 

Rev. Archdeacon Wrangham, Preb. of York. 

Rev. Mr. Childers, Prebendary of Ely. 

Rev. R. Lockwood, Prebendary of Peterbo- 
rough. 

Rev. J. Brocklebank, B.D. Willingham R. 
co. Cambridge. 

Rev. J. Brooke, Kilmahou R. in diocese of 

Cloyne. 

Rev. Edw. Butt, Toller Fratrum R. Dorset, 

Rev. Wm. Dowell, Home Lacy V. Hereford- 
shire. 

Rev. Hartley Dunsford, Fretherne R. Glou- 
cestershire. 

Rev. T. S. Escott, Combe Florey R. So- 
merset. 














{ 271 Jj 
PROMOTIONS AND PREFERMENTS, 


Rev. R. Gibson, Bolton-by-the-Sands V. 
Westmorland. 

Rev. John Graham, Magilligan Living, in 
diocese of Derry. 

Rev. R. Hamond, Beechamwell St. John R. 
Norfolk, with St. Mary annexed. 

Rev. T. T. Harrison, Thorpe Morieux R. 
Suffolk. 

Rev. W. Holland, Cold Norton R. Essex. 

Rev. Francis Lear, B.D. Chilmark R. Wilts. 

Rev. Wm. Mackenzie, Hascomb R. Surrey; 
and re-instituted to Burgish alias Bur- 
wash R. and V. Sussex. 

Rev. D, M’Gillyeuddy, Killough Living, co. 
Down, 

Rev. M. Manley, Westwell, Godmersham, 
and Chatlock VV. Kent. 

Rev. J. Mitford, Stratford St. Andrew R. 
Suffolk. 

Rev. Rob. Nicholl, Lanmace R. Glamor- 
ganshire. 

Rev, John Pannell, Ludgershall R, Wilts. 

Rev, Dr. Phelan, Wexford Living, Ireland. 

Rev. B. Pope, Nether Stowey V. Somerset. 

Rev. Richard Fortescue Purvis, Whitsbury 
V. Wilts. 

Rev. Windsor Richards, St. Nicholas Living, 
Glamorganshire. 

Rev. R. Rose, Frenze R. Norfolk. 

Rev. Richard Stephens, Belgrave V. Leic. 

Rev. R. 5S. Stevens, South Petherwyn and 
Irewen V. Cornwall. 

Rev. F. Swan, B.D. Swerford R. with 
Showel Chapelry annexed, co. Oxford. 
Rev. C. Tookey, Oddingley R. co. Worcester. 
Rev. S. Turner, Chap!. to Lord Yarborough. 
Rev. G. Deane, Chapl. to D. of Buckingham. 





Civit Promotions. 
T. Jervis, esq. Barrister-at-Law, to he a 
Welsh Judge, vice Serj. Marshall, dec. 
Rev. Jos. Cox, Master of Gainsborough 


Grammar School. 





MeEMBERS RETURNED TO ParLIAMENT. 

Annan, Kirkcudbright, Dumfries, Sangu- 
har, and Lockmaten Burghs. —W. R. 
Keigh Douglas, esq. 

Barnstaple.—Frederick Hodgson, esq. vice 
Michael Nolan, esq. Justice of Brecon, 
Glamorgan, and Radnor. 

Cavan County—Henry Maxwell, esq. vice 
Lerd Farnham. 

Louth County—John Leslie Foster, vice 
T. H. Skeffington, now Viscount Ferrard. 

Oxfordshire.—J. Fane, esq. vice his father. 

Portarlington.—James Farquhar, esq. vice 
Ricardo, deceased. 

Wigtown, Whithorn, New Galloway, and 
Stranrear Burghs.—Nicolas Conyngham 
Tindal, esq. vice Sir J. Osborn, bart. one 
of the Commissioners of Public Accounts. 

Weoltly.—Lord H, F. Thynne. 

BIRTHS. 








{ 272 ] 





[March, 


BIRTHS. 


Dec. 17, 1823. At the Cape of Good 
Hope, Lady Mary Fitzroy, a daughter. 

Lately. At et Trees, Goudhurst, 
Kent, the lady of G. A. Pook, esq. a dau.— 
At Paris, the Marchioness of Worcester, a 
son and heir.—In Nottingham-place, the 
lady of Francis Holles Brandram, esq. a son. 
—At Aberdeen, the lady of Capt. Arrow, 
R. N. commanding the Coast Guard in that 
district, a dau.—The lady of Thos, Jervis, 
esq. of the 6th Drag. Guards, of twin daus. 
—At Cecil Lodge, the lady of Col. H. S. 
Osborne, a daughter 

Jan. 16, 1824. The wife of T. Williams, 
esq. of Rushden Hall, co.Northampton, a son. 

Feb.10. At Belton House, Countess 
Brownlow, a dau.—At Powis Castle, Lady 
Lucy Clive, a dau.—At Sutton Court Lodge, 
near Chiswick, Mrs. W. Chuston, a dau.— 
13. At Thetford, the wife of Edmund H. 
Barker, esq. a son.—14. The wife of C. M. 
'T. Western, esq. a son.—In Lower Brook- 


street, the lady of the Hon. Wm. Barring- 
ton, a son.—16. At Tockington, Glouces- 
tershire, the wife of Rev. J.J. Cleaver, Rec- 
tor of Holme Pierrepont, a dau.—17. The 
wife of David Melville, esq. Dulwich, Sur- 
rey, of twins—In Whitehall-place, Lady 
James Stuart, a son.—23. At Hemel Hemp- 
stead, the wife of Astley Cooper, esq. a son 
and heir—27. At Twickenham, the wife of 
Rev. Thos. Vialls, a son.—In Charterhouse- 
square, Mrs, H. Woodthorpe, a dau.—29. 
The wife of John Parsons, esq. of Oxford, a 
son. 

March 1, At Edinburgh, the Duchess 
de Coigny, a dau.—At Melford, the wife of 
Gilbert Affleck, esq. a son and heir.—6. In 
Devonshire-place, the wife of John Barclay, 
esq. a dau.—8. In Harley-street, the wife of 
Wm. Mitchell, esq. a dau.—9. At Youlston, 
Devon, the wife of Sir Arthur Chichester, a 
son.—10. At Bath, the wife of Capt. H. 
Andrews Drummond, a daughter. 


—=—— 
MARRIAGES. 


Dec. 16, 1823. J. S. Henslow, esq. M.A. 
Professor of Mineralogy at Cambridge, to 
Harriet, dau. of Rev. G. Jenyns, of Bottis- 
ham Hall, co. Cambridge. 

Lately. At Bildestone, Norfolk, Rev. 
Montagu Oxenden, son of Sir Henry Oxen- 
den, bart. to Elizabeth, dau. of R. Wilson, 
esq. At Prestbury, Rev. S. 'T. Roberts, 
of Ravindon, Rector and Vicar of the Union 
of Mothel, Kilkenny, to Sarah, dau. of late 
Sir W. Forbes, bart. of Craigievor, Aber- 
deenshire. 

Jan. 9, 1824. At Ashborne, W. Dermer, 
esq. of Chelsea, to Catherine-Mary, dau. of 
Rev. Edw. Newton Walter, Rector of Leigh, 
Essex. 12. Wm. Babington, esq. of St. 
Joha’s Wood-place, to Katharine, dau. of 
late Rev. W. Ravenscroft, Prebendary of 
Rasharkin, in county of Antrim. 13. At 
Staynton, G. L. Elliot, esq. of Civil Service, 
Bombay, to Thomasina Gertrude, dau. of 
H. Leach, esq. of Milford. 14. At Han- 
over-square, Mr, W. Cooper, of Blackman- 
street, to Henrietta, dau. of Maj. Saffery, of 
Norfolk. 15. At Ryde, C. D. Kerr, esq. 
of Hunter-street, to Susannah, dau. of Josh. 
Adams, esq. of Bordeaux, 17. At Han- 
over-square, Lieut.-col. Davies, M.P. to Au- 
gusta-Anne, only child of late T. Champion de 
Crespigny, esq. 22. Rich. Oliver Ald- 
worth, esy. of Newmarket House, co. Cork, 
to Letitia, eldest dau. of Visc. Ennismore, 
M.P.——At Eye, co. Hereford, Edm. Pol- 
lixfen Bastard, esq. of Kitley, Devonshire, 
M. P. to Anne-Jane, sister to present Lord 
Rodney. At St. Mary-le-bone, Rev. H. 
Pepys, Rector of Aspenden, Herts, and of 
Morton, Essex, son of Sir W. W. Pepys, bt. 
to Maria, dau. of Right Hon. J. Sullivan, 
——23. At Hebburn Hall, Wm. Henry 
Lambton, esq. brother of J. G, Lambion, 


























esq. M. P. to Henrietta, dau. of Cuthbert 
Ellison, esq. M. P. 29. Rob. Tibbits, 
esq. to Miss Sparrow, both of Warwick. 

‘eb. 1. In Jersey, Rich. Hayne, esq. to 
Margaret, dau. of late Jas. Hemery, esq. of 
Plaisance. 3. Samuel Pope, jun. esq. of 
Manchester, to Phebe, dau. of Wm. Rush- 
ton, esq. of Liverpool.—_—_7. J. G. T. Ha- 
milton, esq. of Gower-street, Bedford-sq- 
solicitor, to Maria, dau. of W. Mason, esq- 
of Brixton, 10. Mr. Jas. Winstanley, 
of Chatham-place, to Mary-Anne, dau. of 
late S. Rhodes, esq. of Islington. 19. 
Rev. H. Parr Beloe to Eliz. eldest dau. of 
Wm. Elkins, esq. of Bridgefoot Heuse, 
Guildford.——Capt. T. E. Cole, R. N. to 
Rebecca, dau. of J. Evans, esq. of Saltash. 
25. Lieut.-col. Jas. Drummond Butler 
Elphinstone, son of Hon. W. Fuller E. to 
Anne Maria, only child of Vice-adm. Sir E. 
Buller, bart. of Trenan Park, Cornwall. 

March 1. Rob. Nelson, esq. of Madras 
Service, son of R. A. Nelson, esq. Sec. of 
the Navy, to M et, eldest dau. of Jon. 
Harrison, esq. of Gower-street. 2. Rev. 
Lord John Thynne to Anne-Constantia, dau. 
of Rev. C. C. Beresford, and niece to Mrs. 
Geo. Byng. 8. Mark Hen. Gregory, esq. 
of Wax Chandlers’ Hall, to Eliza Miller, dau. 
of late D. C. Bullock, esq. Devonshire-street, 
Queen-square. 9. At Islington, Rich. 
Smith, jun. esq. of Stoke Newington, to 
Mary-Anne, dau. of Rev. Adam Clarke,LL.D. 
F.A.S. of Canonbury-square. 10. At 
Lambeth, G. Smith, esq. of Basinghall- 
street, to Sophia-Mary, dau. of late C. 
Foss, esq. of Portman-street. 11. At 
Drayton Bassett, Hon. Robert Henley 
Eden, eldest son of Lord Henley, to Har- 
riet, daughter of Sir R. Peel, bart. 

OBI- 






































1824.] { 


273 «] ‘y 





OBITUARY. 
—o— 


Sir Henry Bate Duotty, Bart. 

Feb. 1. The active life of the late Sir 
Henry Bate Dudley claims a few pages 
of our work, but our plan of brevity 
will rather confine us to those circum- 
stances which attach to the latter period 
of bis life, and have relation to the 
Rectory of Bradwell. 

The various attacks of indisposition to 
which Sir Henry had been subject during 
the spring of 1823 made it necessary 
that he should try the effects of change ; 
and, in consequence, after passing a few 
weeks in London, he proceeded to Chel- 
tenham, where it was at first believed 
he received benefit; but during the 
night of Ist February last he terminated 
his mortal career. 

Sir Henry’s family had been, from the 
reign of Charles |. resident chiefly in the 
counties of Worcester and Stafford, 
where they lived in opulence. Sir Henry 
was born at Fenny Compton, on the 
25th August 1745. His father, the Rev. 
Henry Bate, long held the living of St. 
Nicholas, in the city of Worcester. His 
mother was sister of Dr. White of War- 
wickshire, who, as an able Physician and 
fine Classic, stood high in the ranks of 
polished society. 

Soon after the late Lord Camden was 
called to the important station of Lord 
High Chancellor, his Lordship, who pos- 
séssed intimate knowledge of the elder 
Mr. Bate, voluntarily informed him that 
his name stood upon his list of candi- 
dates, as he regarded him as an excel- 
lent man, and knew he had nine chil- 
dren. About a year after, in 1763, Mr. 
Bate was further apprised by his Lord- 
ship that the living of North Farmbridge, 
in Essex, was ready for bis reception. 

Mr. Bate, in consequence, with his 
most excellent wife (whose memory is 
still regarded in Essex by all who knew 
her) and large family, fixed their resi- 
dence at Chelmsford; and, a few years 
after, both died, at a premature period ; 
Mr. Bate himself, who was the eldest, 
not having reached his 46th year. 

The preceding particulars are stated 
on account of the relation they bear to 
circumstances connected with the sub- 
ject of thismemovir. It is to be bere re- 
marked, that pending the perceptible 
decline of the father’s health, a generous 
solicitude arose among the leading gen- 
tlemen of the county in favour of the 
son, Who very soon heard with satisfac- 
tion of his nomination to the vacant 
living of his father. 

Gent. Maa, March, 1224. 


11 





Very inadequate, however, were the 
revenues of this smail rectory to defray 
the charges Mr. Bate the younger be- 
came subject to, for atime, on account of 
the infant members of the family ; and 
a consideration of those circumstances, 
it is conjectured, originally operated to 
direct his attention to such literary un- 
dertakings as might be productive of 
speedy profit. The Morning Post soon 
after appeared; and, from the lively 
writing it exhibited, it very soon ob- 
tained a circulation quite unprecedented. 
He had other connections with the 
press, but he withdrew from all those 
engagements early in 1780; and in the 
November of that year established the 
Morning Herald, for which paper an iv- 
creasing demand was made from week 
to week, till the daily sale amounted to 
more than 4000. 

He also produced a few dramatic 
works. He had met at the table of bis 
dearly-regarded friend Mr. Garrick, with 
the Rev. Mr. Townley, author of the 
matchless farce of “ High Life below 
Stairs.” He afterwards became Mr. 
Townley’s Curate at Hendon; and 
wrote, some time after, “* The Rival 
Candidates,” and three or four like pro- 
ductions followed; of these, “ The 
Flitch of Bacon,”’ and “* The Woodman,” 
stand pre-eminent. 

It was in the spring of the year 1781 
that the advowson of Bradwell juria 
mare, in Essex, was purchased, in trust, 
for Mr. Bate, subject to the life of the 
Rev. George Pawson, the then Incum- 
bent. The late Mr. Albany Wallis, well 
qualified in such concerns, was employed 
to conduct the necessary proceedings, 
aided by the legal opinions and counsel 
of Sir Robert Burton ; and Sir Robert, 
to the last hour, contended for the strict 
regularity of the transaction. 

In the year 1784, Mr. Bate, under the 
usual authority, took the name of 
Dadley, in addition to his former name, 
at the instance of a descendant of that 
family, to whom he was related: and 
by that name he will hereafter be men- 
tioned. And here, recurring to the sub- 
ject of Bradwell, it is to be observed, 
that in the Case prepared by Mr. Dudley 
in 1802, he sets forth, that upon bis 
visit to the spot, after the purchase had 
been completed, he found the church 
chancel, parsonage-buildings, and pre- 
mises, gone to general decay, the church- 
yard fenceless, the glebe-land, consisting 
of nearly 300 acres, inundated, the tenant 

thereof 





274 


thereof broken, and, from the unbealthi- 
ness of the climate, no Rector nor Vicar 
residing within many miles of that pe- 
ninsula; and no decent assistant to be 
procured for the discharge of the parish 
duties. 

Regardless of these appearances, he 
states, that he immediately became re- 
sident Curate, caused the church, with 
all its appendages, to be effectively re- 
paired; and, by establishing a regular 
church service, increased, progressively, 
a long-neglected congregation *. He 
also built a new dwelling-house and 
necessary out-buildings on the Rectory ; 
drained the land, embanked a large ad- 
dition from the sea, (for which he re- 
ceived, at different times, from the So- 
ciety of Arts, two gold medals,) thereby 
rescuing the place from a putrid swamp, 
And he most effectually suppressed, by 
his unwearied activity, an extensive 
system of smuggling, alike dangerous to 
the health and morals of the people, 
and injurious tothe revenue. And upon 
these important works, according to 
estimates regularly prepared, an ex- 
penditure took place of more than 
£28,000, 

When, therefore, upon the death of 
Mr. Pawson, in 1797, sixteen years after 
the above works were first undertaken, 
the Bishop hesitated to institute Mr. 
Dudley, the objection came with an 
overwhelming effect. His Lordship had 
not remained ignorant of those expensive 
operations, but not the slightest intima- 
tion was ever conveyed to Mr. Dudley 
that he was encountering some degree of 
risk by his proceedings. After a long 
correspondence with the Bishop, and 
some legal proceedings on the part of 
Mr. Dudley, which never came into 
court, it was agreed by the counsel on 
both sides, with the Bishup’s consent, 
that the Rev. Richard Birch, brother-in- 
law to Mr. Dudley, should be collated to 
the living; which fact appears by docu- 
ments under the signature of the present 
Lord Chief Baron, Sir Samuel Shepherd; 
the Lord Chief Commissioner, the Right 
Hon. William Adam; and that distin- 
guished barrister, Mr, Gaselee; also by 
the affidavit of Mr. Dudley. 

Shortly after this arrangement, intel- 
ligence was received at Chelmsford, 
during the assizes, that the living of 
Bradwell, having lapsed to the Crown, 
the same had been presented to the Rev. 
Mr. Gamble, Chaplain-General to the 
army. A general feeling of concern was 
instantly expressed through the assembly 
of Magistrates, and other gentlemen ; 
and Mr. Adam, then in court, was pre- 
vailed upon to convey to Mr. Pitt the 





* Lord Braybroke bas most amply tes- 
tified to these meritorious acts of duty. 





Osituary.—Rev. Sir Henry Bate Dudiey, Bart. 





{Mareh, 


sense of the meeting in favour of Mr. 
Dudley, and invoke his consideration. 

A str more flattering testimonial on 
behalf of Mr. Dudley appeared after- 
wards, in an address which Mr. Adam, 
on the 19th June 1801, presented to the 
Right Hon. H. Addington, then First 
Lord of the Treasury. This paper was 
framed to accompany a memorial from 
Mr. Dudley, and is as follows :— 

** We, the Lord Lieutenant, High 
Sheriff, and Magistrates, of the county 
of Essex, having perused and duly consi- 
dered the memorial and case of the Rev. 
Henry Bate Dudley, have great satisfac- 
tion in offering this testimony of our 
opinion of the additional and recent 
services which he has rendered the pub- 
lick, by stating— 

“ That in the course of the last sum- 
mer he suppressed an alarming and dan- 
gerous insurrection within the district 
wherein he resides, by personally se- 
curing, and bringing to conviction, the 
ringleaders thereof; for which be re- 
ceived the thanks of the Lord Chief 
Justice, Lord Kenyon, at the Assizes, 
and also those of the Magistrates of the 
county at their General Quarter Sessions. 

** Fully sensible of the importance of 
Mr. Dudley’s services, on this and various 
otber occasions ; and also of the extreme 
hardship of his case, we feel it due to 
him thus to declare, that any means 
which may be adopted for the allevia- 
tion of its pressure, will prove highly ac- 
ceptable aud satisfactory to our county, 
which has for so many years been so 
essentially benefited by his public ex- 
ertions.”’ 

Signed by Lord Braybroke, the Lord 
Lieutenant, the High Sheriff, the Earls 
of Winchelsea, St. Vincent, Lord Petre, 
and other Peers ; and the whole lay Ma- 
gistrates of Essex. 

About this time, in a debate which’ 
had for its subject the residence of the 
Clergy, Mr. Sheridan, ina strain of over- 
powering eloquence, addressed the House 
of Commons on the severe measures 
which had been directed against Mr. 
Dudley; and he conclusively com- 
mented ‘on the proceeding as entirely 
at variance with that mild spirit which 
was the characteristic of the English 
Church.” Mr. Strutt, the bighly-res- 
pect-d Member for Malden, did not suf- 
fer the opportunity to pass until he bad 
expressed in very extolling language his 
opinion of the merits of Sir Henry, and 
that “ his services as a magistrate, enti- 
tled him to the gratitude of the county.” 

It may here be mentioned, to the 
honor of the Earl of St, Vincent, who 
had always been zealcus in expressing 
the highest approbation on the utility of 
Mr. Dudley’s labours throughout bis 
district; his system of drainage, which 

he 











1824.] 


he extended over his own and the neigh- 
bouring ‘lands ; and also the fine roads, 
formed and superintended by bim in 
every direction ; that when his Lord- 
ship became a Cabinet Minister he pro- 
fessed an unaltered opinion of the hard- 
ship of Mr. Dudley’s case; and, after 
waiting for the chance of a favorable 
movement in other quarters, the Noble 
Lord, wholly unsolicited by Mr. Dudley, 
autborized Sir Evan Nepean to wait upon 
the Viscount Sidmouth in his name, and 
impress his Lordship with the agitated 
feelings of the county in favour of ONE 
who had yielded to a most heavy pres- 
sure with silent magnanimity; and whose 
wreck of fortune demanded their early 
consideration. 

Mr. Addington (afterwards the Vis- 
count Sidmouth) had still before him 
the address from the Lord Lieutenant, 
the other Noblemen, and Magistrates of 
Essex ; aud he profi ssed himself cordially 
disposed, but nothing seemed to promise 
in England; and Mr. Dudley, after a 
considerable lapse of time, was recom- 
mended to proceed to Ireland, where Sir 
Evan Nepean, the Chief Secretary of the 
Lord Lieuteuant, gave him an imme- 
diate and handsome introduction to a 
private audience with His Excellency 
the Earl of Hardwick. 

A considerable period elapsed before 
any acceptable living offered: at length, 
towards the close of 1604, he was pre- 
sented to the Rectory of Kilscoren, in 
the Barony of Forth. He was also pre- 
ferred to the Office of Chancellor of the 
Cathedral of Ferns; and in the year 
1#07 he received presentation to the 
Rectory of Kilgiass in the county of 
Longford, through tbe favor of the Duke 
of Bedford, then Lord Lieutenant, who, 
in a letter to Mr. Dudley at the time, 
expressed his sense of the unmerited 
rigour by which be had been deprived 
of Bradwell. 

From the memorable day on which 
Mr. Dudley had been deprived of Brad- 
well, up to the day of his being collated 
to Kilseoren, seven years bad elapsed ; 
during which pericd he had not derived 
the least advantage whatever ftom any 
description of preferment ; and his loss 
of property during that interval, in- 
cluding the first-mentioned disburse- 
ment of £28,000, amounted to £50 820. 

These circumstances of hardship (put- 
ting the accumulation which time would 
have given the sums out of considera- 
tion), Mr. Dudley always considered 
were, with all his endeavours, very im- 
perfectly known to His Majesty’s Minis- 
ters, on the justice of whom be placed 
the firmest reliance, up to the day of 
Mr. Gamble’s death, on the 27th July 
1811; when, as acknowledged Patron 





Osiruary.—Rev. Sir Henry Bate Dudley, Bart. 





275 


of the Living, he presented the same to 
the Rev. Richard Birch, as he had for- 
merly designed. The preceding remarks 
are introduced at this time to explain 
the causes which led to the annihilation 
of Mr. Dudley's property: who, to meet 
his occasional difficulties, had sold se- 
veral small possessions, particularly the 
estate of Edwin's Hall, in Essex ; and 
finally, the advowson of Bradwell, under 
a circumstance of adversity to his kin- 
dred that scarcely bas a parallel, .The 
worthy family of the Rev. Thos. Schreiber 
were the purchasers. The sale took 
place on the 8th of August 1819, and 
Mr. Birch, at that time incumbent, who 
appeared during the day in excellent 
health and spirits, was seised on the 
night of the 9th with illness, and his 
death immediately followed, 

During Mr. Dudley's residence in Ire- 
land, which continued, with very. little 
interruption, from 1804 to the year 
1812, he introduced every improvement 
in his power, in the vicinity of Kilsco- 
ren; and acquired the friendship of Mr. 
Forster in a most flattering degree. At 
the hospitable table of this gentleman 
he met several of the most distinguished 
characters, of whose generous attentions 
and favours he always spoke with friendly 
recollection; and he never failed to 
mention, for his continual acts of kind- 
ness, the senior Mr. Croker, father of 
the able Secretary of the Admiralty, 
with the warmest expressions of regard. 

Mr. Dudley resigned the livings of 
Kilscoren and Kilgldss in 1812, and 
withdrew from Ireland immediately after 
to receive Presentation to the Rectory of 
Willingham, in Cambridgeshire. It 
was in the course of this year that he 
received the dignity of Baronet, in re- 
ward for his uncommon merits in bis 
magisterial capacity ; and in 1816, be 
obtained a Prebendal Stall in the Cathe- 
dral of Ely. 

Sir Henry never failed to speak in the 
warmest and most grateful language of 
the Royal disposition towards bim 
during the period of the Regency ; aud 
he felt with equal sensibility the con- 
descending interest often expressed by 
the Duke of Clarence in his favour. 

Those who were most intimately ac- 
quainted with the patient labours and 
constant expenses, applied by Sir Henry 
Dudley (who will be described under 
that distinction hereafter) on the Brad- 
well district, viewed with astonishment 
the unshaken fortitude with which be 
sustained his weight of adversity. He 
vented no murmur or complaint to 
awaken public sympathy, although a 
variety of means lay within bis com- 
mand; and, during the life of Mr. Pitt, 
he even maintained to his friends that 

he 








276 OsiTuany.—lRev. Sir H. B. Dudley, Bt.—Sir J. Orde, Bt. 


he could nat resist a belief that the time 
would arrive when that Minister, from 
his sense of justice, would afford him 
equitable redress. 

In respect to the loss of the £50,820, 
before-mentioned, it is to be understood, 
that the same was calculated on seven 
years only of Mr. Gamble’s receipts of 
the tythes ; whereas the said Rev. gen- 
tleman remained in possession of the 
Rectory fourteen years; and although 
Mr. Dudley had held, in successivn, 
during the latter seven years of that 
period, the living of Kilscoren with Kil- 
glass, in Ireland, and Willingham in Eng- 
land, the annual benefit arising there- 
from scarcely amounted to one-third of 
the revenue of Bradwell. 

Sir Henry Dudley was a Magistrate 
for seven counties in England, and four 
in Ireland; and he never slept at his 
post. His acts of enterprize against the 
lawless were most extraordinary ; and 
he never was repressed by impediments 
of danger from the attainment of his 
object. At public meetings, particularly 
in Essex, his entrance was always 
eagerly looked for; his voice never 
failed to command attention, and his 
counsel generally prevailed. He had 
more than once, by his address and 
strong reasoning, prevented the county 
from being disturbed by a contested 
election. He was a steady supporter of 
that temperate prerogative, which is so 
essential to the well-being of the state ; 
and ef which the mild government of 
our last and present gracious Sovereigns 
furnishes such pleasing evidence. Sir 
Henry, as a table companion, had few 
equals; and even Judges have sometimes 
lost their gravity at his sallies, which 
were never obtrusive or immodest. His 
own mansion was the seat of hospitality, 
but no prodigality. 

His person was finely formed, and 
possessed all its symmetry beyond the 
age of 60. His countenance, which was 
handsome, preserved its animation till a 
few days preceding his death ; and his 
naturally cheerful mind never lost its 
vivacity till within a very few months 
before he took leave of Ely College, and 
its friendly inhabitants, for the last time. 

Sir Henry, at this period, felt the 
effects of the hard adversity by which he 
had been visited more sensibly than ever. 
He viewed the claims, to which he was 
liable, of those to whose friendly aid he 
had occasionally been compelled to re- 
sort ; and he lost no time in putting his 
affairs in train to answer those honour- 
able demands ; and some payments have 
in consequence been made; but death 
has prevented the fuller accomplishment 


of his purpose. 


{March, 


Sir Joun Orve, Bart, 


Feb. 19. In Gloucester-place, aged 
73, Sir John Orde, Bart. Admiral of the 
Red, and Vice President of the Naval 
Charitable Society. 

The family of Orde is of great anti- 
quity, and bas long possessed consider- 
able landed estates in the counties of 
Northumberland and Durham. The 
subject of this memoir was the youngest 
son of the late John Orde, esq. who 
lived chiefly at Morpeth, and acted for 
many years as a Magistrate and Deputy- 
Lieutenant of the former county, by his 
second wife, Anne, widow of the Rev. 
W. Pye, and was bora at Morpeth 
Dec. 1752.* 

He entered the Navy in 1766; was 
made Lieutenant in 1773; was appointed 
to the Roebuck on the American station, 
where he remained till 1777, when he 
was removed to the Eagle, Lord Howe’s 
flag-ship, as first Lieutenant. 

He commanded the Zebra sloop of 
war, at the reduction of Philadelphia; 
and, May 19, 1778, was advanced to the 
rank of Post-Captain, in the Virginia of 
32 guns, a frigate recently captured 
from the Americans. In the autumn of 
1779 Captain Orde accompanied Com- 
modore Sir George Collier in the expedi- 
tion up the Penobscot, which terminated 
in the capture or destruction of the 
whole of the rebel fleet in that river, 
consisting of eighteen ships and vessels 
of war; and the relief of Fort M‘Lean, 
which had been closely besieged by the 
enemy. 

In 1780, the Virginia assisted at the 
taking of Charlestown, where, after 
passing Sullivan’s Island, Captain Orde 
served on shore in the command of a 
battalion of seamen, and was favourably 
noticed by Admiral Arbuthnot, in his 
official despatches relative to that event. 

He afterwards commanded the Cha- 
tham, of 50 guns, and captured the Ge- 
neral Washington, of 22 guns and 118 
men. In1781,Admiral Arbuthnot being 
recalled, Captain Orde conveyed him to 
England in the Roebuck, into which sbip 
he had removed for that purpose. During 
the remainder of the war he was em- 
ployed in the North Sea, and on the 
coast of France, 

* Sir John's eldest brother, Thomas, 
married the only daughter of Charles, 
fifth Duke of Bolton, in whose right he 
succeeded, on the death of Harry, the 
sixth ard last Duke, without male issue, 
to the principal family estates of the 
Dukes of Bolton, and assumed the name 
of Powlett. He was afterwards created 
a Peer, by the title of Baron Bolton. 





In 





1824.] 


In February 1783, the preliminaries of 
peace having been signed, Captain Orde 
was honoured with the appomiment of 
Governor of Dominica, and Receiver of 
the Monies arising fromthe sale of land 
in the ceded islands; and, on the 27th 
July 1790, the dignity of a Baronet was 
conferred upon him. 

At the breaking out of the French 
Revolution, Sir John solicited and ob- 
tained permission to resign his govern- 
ment, and to resume the active duties of 
his profession. He was immediately ap- 
pointed to command the Victorivus, and 
soon afterwards the Venerable, of 74 
guns, attached to the Channel Fleet. 
From the latter he removed into the 
Prince George, a second rate, aud con- 
tinued in her until June 1, 1795, when 
he was promoted to the rank of Rear- 
Admiral. 

In the beginning of 1797, Sir John 
Orde assumed the command at Ply- 
mouth, during the absence of the Port 
Admiral, the late Sir Richard King. On 
this service he continued until the close 
of the disgraceful mutiny in the month 
of May; soon after which, he hoisted 
his flag on board the Princess Royal, of 
98 guns, and joined the feet under the 
orders of Earl St. Vincent on the Medi- 
terranean station. 

In November following, the Rear-Ad- 
miral was sent by his Lordship, with 
the command of a squadron of eight sail 
of the line, and a proportionate number 
of frigates and sloops, to blockade the 
port of Cadiz. 

There he continued till relieved by 
Sir W. Parker, in January 1798; and 
was sent back on the same service, after 
that officer had been compelled to leave 
his station by superior force. This 
service, though certainly not the most 
splendid, was not the least arduous, es- 
pecially during the winter months, when 
Sir John principally conducted it. The 
position necessarily taken by the block- 
ading squadron was embayed. In the 
port of Cadiz there were about twenty 
sail of the line, with some frigates, kept 
apparently in constant readiness to put 
to sea, which threatened on one side ; 
whilst, on another, the squadron was 
liable to attack from the Toulon fleet, 
unchecked in its operations, and known 
to be preparing for some important ex- 
pedition. 

On Earl St. Vincent resuming the im- 
mediate command off Cadiz, the Rear- 
Admiral received bis thanks in the fol- 
lowing words; ‘* You have shewn un- 
common ability and exertion in pre- 
serving your position during the late un- 
pleasant weather, and I very much ap- 
prove every step you have taken.” 








Ostruary.—ddm, Sir John Orde, Bart. 77 


Not long after this, Sir J. Orde was 
much mortified at finding an officer 
(Sir H. Nelson) junior to himself, just 
arrived from England, selected to com- 
mand a squadron on the only service of 
distinction likely to happen; and him- 
self, by the junction of Sir Roger Curtis, 
with a reinforcement from Ireland, re- 
duced to be only fourth in command of 
the fleet; whereas he bad accepted the 
appointment under Earl St. Vincent on 
an intimation from one of the Lords of 
the Admiralty, the late Lord Hugh Sey- 
mour, that be should be second to the 
Noble Earl, with all the distinctions and 
advantages aunexed to that station, 

Tais led to a correspondence between 
his Lordship and Sir Jobn, which termi- 
nated in the latter receiving orders to 
shift his flag to the Blenheim, and to 
return to England in charge of a large 
fleet of merchantmen. Before he left 
the fleet, the Rear-Admiral, conceiving 
that he had been treated in a manner 
unsuitable to bis rank, wrote a letter to 
the Admiralty, requesting a court martial 
on the Commander.in-Chief, which he 
sent to Lord St. Vincent to forward, 

On Sir John’s arrival in England, he 
was acquainted by Mr. Secretary Ne- 
pean, that the Board did not consider 
the reason Earl St. Vincent had assigned 
for sending him home, sufficient to jus- 
tify the measure; but that, having 
already signified their opinion to his 
Lordship on that head, it was not ne- 
cessary to take any further steps on the 
occasion. The Blenheim was imme- 
diately dismantled, and a few weeks 
after, Sir John was offered a command 
in the Channel Fleet. This, however, 
he thought proper to decline. 

On the 14th Feb. 1799, our officer was 
advanced to the rank of Vice-Admiral; 
and in the following autumn Earl St. 
Vincent returned to England for the 
purpose of recruiting his health. Sir 
John Orde, who considered himself to 
have been personally insulted by his 
Lordship, lost no time in calling upon 
him for private satisfaction; and a 
meeting was appointed to take place 
between them, but was happily pre- 
vented through the interference of the 
police. 

In 1801, he was appointed Vice-Ad- 
miral of the White. In 1802, soon after 
the definitive treaty of peace was signed, 
Sir Jobn, who seems to have waited for 
that event, published bis case in a small 
pamphlet entitled “ Copy of a Corres- 
pondence, &c. between the Right Hon. 
the Lords Commissioners of the Admi- 
ralty, the Right Hon, Earl St. Vincenr, 
K. B., the Right Hon. Earl Spencer, 
K. G., and Vice-Admiral Sir Jobu Orde, 

Bart.;” 











278 Osirvuary.—Adm. Sir John Orde, Bi.—Gen. Vansittart. 


Bart.;” the circulation of which he had 
previously confined to his friends. This 
pamphlet appears to have been written 
with temper and moderation, and is 
well worthy of perusal, especially by 
professional men. 

In 1204 he was advanced to the 
rank of Vice-Admiral of the Red. On 
the renewal of hostilities, and the re- 
moval of Lord St. Vincent from the 
chief administration of naval affairs, Sir 
Jobn accepted the command of a 
squadron, and cruised off Cape Finis- 
terre during the autumn of 1804. In 
1805, we find his flag in the Glory, of 
98 guns, off Cadiz; from which station 
he was compelled to withdraw, in con- 
sequence of the appearance of the com- 
bined fleets, on their way to the West 
Indies. He was promoted to the rank 
of Admiral of the Blue, November 9, 
following. 

Sir Jobn Orde was one of the sup- 
porters of the pall at the funeral of 
Lord Nelson, to whose merits he had 
ever rendered the fullest justice, how- 
ever much he had had occasion te con- 
demn the preference shewn to bim in 
the summer of 1798. 

in 1807, when his nephew, the pre- 
sent Lord Bolton, was called to the 
House of Peers, in consequence of the 
demise of his father, Sir John Orde 
succeeded him in the representation of 
the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of 
Wight. 

In 1814 he was appointed Admiral of 
the White. 

He married first, Feb. 8, 1781, at 
Charlestown, Margaret, daughter ard 
heiress of Richard Stephens, esq. of St. 
Helena, in South Carolina; she died in 
1789, leaving no surviving issue: se- 
condly, in December 1793, Jane, eldest 
daughter of Jobn Frere, of Finningham, 
co, Suffolk, esq. by whom he had two 
children ; the eldest succeeds him. 





Generac GeorGe Henry VANSITTART, 

Feb. 4. This gallant officer was the 
eldest son of George Vansittart, Esq. of 
Bisham Abbey, Berks, by Sarah, daugh- 
ter of the late Sir James Stonehouse, 
Bart. He was born in July 1768, and 
was educated under Dr. Warton at Win- 
chester. At the age of fifteen he was 
sent to Strasbourg to be prepared for 
the army under a celebrated military 
professor; from thence he went to 
Christ Church College, Oxford. On the 
18th Oct. 1788, he entered his Majesty's 
service as Ensign in the 19th reg. foot. 
Before joining bis regiment he benefited 
by a year’s leave of absence to prosecute 
his studies in military tacties at Bruns- 
wick, at which tome he was much no- 


ticed at the Courts of Brunswick, 
Dresden, and Prussia, and was present 
at the splendid Reviews which then 
made Prussia so interesting to military 
men. Ou the 12th March 1782, he was 
appointed Lieutenant in the 38th, and 
on the 23d August 1790, Captain in the 
18th regiment of Infantry, or Royal 
Irish. After serving at Gibraltar tor 
two years, Captain Vansittart accoumpa- 
nied bis regiment, the 18th, to Toulon ; 
at the evacuation of which place be was 
detached to defend the Isthmus leading 
tu the Peninsula of Cape Sepet, the 
possession of which by the enemy would 
have endangered the fleet. The obsti- 
hate resistance there made, enabled the 
English fleet to carry on their opera- 
tions, aud embark the troops of Royal- 
ists from Fort La Malgue, and finally 
to sail out of the road without any 
material molestation. At this post Cap- 
tain Vansittart remained, until be bim- 
self with difficulty escaped in one of the 
last boats that left the roadsted, having 
lost all his baggage and camp equipage. 
On the 20th Nov. 1793, he obtained a 
majority in the New South Wales corps, 
and on the 2ist Feb, 1794 was appointed 
Lieut.-col. of the 95th regiment then 
raising, which he formed and accompa- 
nied to the Cape of Good Hope, and 
commanded that regiment at the cap- 
ture of that important place. Lieut.- 
col. Vansittart returned to England in 
1798, and on the 10th of April 1801 
obtained the Lieutenant Colonelcy of 
the 68th foot. In 1802 he went out as 
Brigadier-gen, to the West Indies, where 
he commanded until be was appointed 
Maj-gen. on the 25th Sept. 1805, when 
he returned to England, having received 
from the two Houses of Representatives 
at Antigua and also at St. Lucie, the 
most cordial testimonies of the general 
esteem which his conduct had acquired 
to him during his command on that 
station. On the 9th July 1803, be was 
appointed Colonel of the 12th Reserve 
Battalion, and on the 25th Feb. 1803, 
Colonel of the Ist Garrison Battalion. 
As Major-gen, he served on the Staff in 
England and Ireland, until his promo- 
tion to the rank of Lieut.-gen. in 1810. 
During his command of the Oxford Dis- 
trict he received the honorary degree of 
LL.D. as a voluntary expression of 
respect from the Chancellor and Univer- 
sity of Oxford, without any solicitation 
on his part, He became Genera! on the 
19th July 1821. In Oct. 1818, General 
Vansittart married Miss Copson Harris, 
only surviving child of Thomas Copson, 
esq. of Shepey Hall, Leicestershire. He 
has left a widow and infant sow to de- 
plore his premature decease. His pri- 

vate 





[March, 





182% 


vate 
belo 
his f 
loss, 
flect 

only 
ebri 
and 
aud 
hut 
vie 


as 


.,§ eae ee & 





rch, 
ck, 
Pht 
en 


ud 


Dw 


7 = 3 OY 


1824.] 


vate character was such that he was 
beloved by all who knew him. While 
his relations and friends deeply feel their 
loss, they have the consolation of re- 
flecting that General Vansittart was not 
only an upright man, but a sincere 
cbristian, and after a life of usefulness, 
and the exemplary discharge of moral 
and social duties, departed in calm and 
humble trust in the merits of his Sa- 
viuur Jesus Christ. 





Eart Cornwa wis, Br. or Licurire.p. 
Jan. 20. At Richmond, Surrey, in 
his 8lst year, universally beloved, re- 
spected, and lamented, the Right Hon. 
and Right Rev. James Cornwallis, D.C.L. 
Earl Cornwallis, Bishep of Lichfield 
and Coventry, and Dean of Durham. 
In vol. xcut. ii, p. 178, in our memoir of 
the last Marquis Cornwallis, we have in- 
serted several particulars of the life of 
this exemplary Prelate, which renders it 
unnecessary to repeat them bere. 

He was of Merton College, Oxford, 
where he took the degrees of M. A. 
May 15, 1766, and D.C.L. Jan. 17, 1775. 

He entered himself a Member of the 
Temple, and was intended for the Bar ; 
but brighter prospects awaited him, for 
the Mitre is the portion of more men 
than the Seals. His uncle, the Arch- 
bishop of Canterbury, and his other 
friends, prevailed upon him to alter bis 
views, and the rich Rectory of Wrotham, 
in Kent, was his first preferment. He 
afterwards was successively appointed 
Prebendary of Westminster; Dean of 
Canterbury 1775; Bishop of Lichfield 
and Coventry 1781 ; and Dean of Wind- 
sor 1791; which last preferment he ex- 
changed for the Deanery of Durham 1794. 

The remains of the Bishop were re- 
moved, with great funeral pomp, from 
his house at Richmond, for interment 
in the Cathedral of Lichfield. The in- 
scription on the coffin-plate was—‘* The 
Right Hon. James Earl Cornwallis, Bi- 
shop of Lichfield and Coventry, and 
Dean of Durham ; died 20th of January 
1824, in the Bist year of hisage.” Next 
the hearse and three mourning coaches 
was his Lordship’s carriage, which pro- 
ceeded the whole of the way. Several 
private carriages followed, among which 
were those of the Marquis of Stafford, 
the Dowager Duchess of Richmond, 
Viscount Sidmauth, the Archbishop of 
Canterbury, the Bishop of Lincoln, the 
Bishop of Winchester, &c. The funeral 
reached St. Alban’s on Wednesday, and 
arrived at Lichfield on Thursday. 

He is succeeded in his Earldom by his 
only son, James Cornwallis Mann, Lord 
Brome, the death of whose Lady is no- 
ticed in our last volume, p. 569. 





Osituary.—Earl Cornwallis —T. E. Bowdich, Esq. 279 


Tuomas Epwarp Bowpicn, Eso. 


A recent arrival from the River Gam- 
bia has brought us the melancholy in- 
telligence of the death of that accom- 
plished and scientific traveller, Thomas 
Edward Bowdich, Esq. an event by 
which Science has lost one of the most 
zealous of her votaries, and Literature 
a most distinguished ornament. He 
died in the town of St. Man, on the 
10th of January last. 

Mr. Bowdich was a native of Bristol, 
where his family has long sustained a 
high commercial reputation. He re- 
ceived the rudiments of his education at 
a Grammar School in that City, and 
was afterwards removed to a celebrated 
classical school at Corsham, Wilts. He 
was some time in Oxford, but his ma- 
triculation in that University is question- 
able. For a short period he was occu- 
pied in the uncongenial pursuits of a 
mercantile life, but even amidst the 
engagements of business, the bias of 
his mind inclined him to those studies, 
and to cultivate those tastes and ac- 
quirements, which shed so bright a 
lustre on his subsequent path. From 
the trammels by which bis genius was 
encumbered, he speedily disengaged 
himself, and baving a near relation in 
a high official pest in the Gold Coast of 
Africa, he obtained permission to join 
him on that station, It was there that 
the germ of the spirit of enterprise 
within him took a deeper root, and an 
Embassy being at this period in con- 
templation to conciliate the King of 
Ashantee, and to propitiate an extension 
of commerce, Mr. Bowdich solicited an 
appointment, and with some difficulty 
(owing to the circumstance of his being 
married), obtained it, Never was in- 
trepidity more required, or more nobly 
exhibited, than on the conducting of this 
mission; the whole proceedings have 
been detailed by Mr. Bowdich with 
talent and ability, only equalled by the 
well-directed zeal, and the incomparable 
prudence which distinguished his ser- 
vices on this interesting occasion.* His’ 
volume on the Mission to Ashantee will 
constitute an imperishable monument 
of intelligence, ardour, and integrity. In 
proof of the absence of all selfishness in 
the composition of this gifted and faithful 
Envoy it deserves to be recorded, that 
having once been detained as an hostage 
by thuse who were not over scrupulous 
in their means of acquiring an advan- 
tage, he requested those whose inter- 
ests he represented, not to permit the 
consideration of his safety or his life to 





* Reviewed in our vol. LXXX«X. i, 425. 
interfere 














260 Osiruary.—Thomas Edw, Bowdich, Esq.—Mr. J. Davy. 


interfere with those objects for which 
the negociation was contending. 

His mission having succeeded, be re- 
turned to Europe, and here we must 
pause for a moment to lament that an 
unhappy difference with the African 
Company seemed for an instant to 
throw a gloom over the prospects of 
this able traveller, and to threaten the 
further discoveries of this undaunted 
spirit. In justice to his memory it must 
be observed, that his detection and ex- 
posure of the abuses of this Association 
has since led to its dissolution, The 
treatment he experienced roused for a 
moment a spirit of indignation, but this 
was speedily subdued by the applause of 
men of real science. With the first talents 
of his own country, and. with the most 
gifted character of France, he was on 
terms of the strictest intimacy, and in 
Paris it was that he prepared himself 
by an unparalleled devotion to study, 
for the great work which now occupied 
his mind. It seemed as though he was 
contemplating the noblest revenge, in- 
deed the only revenge of which his 
generous nature was capable, that of 
proving by new, and, if possible, by more 
vigorous efforts, that the traducers of 
his fame were wrong in their estimate 
of his resources, and mistaken in their 
calculations of the elasticity of his 
mind. They might depress, but they 
could not crush. Having completed his 
preparations, he departed on. his second 
journey, and though solicited to accept 
the support of the French Government, 
he declined the. offer, and went forth, 
unpatronised, to the labour which he 
Ipved. To advance the dignity of science, 
and to promote the happiness of man ; 
to enrich by new discoveries the tri- 
umphs of geographical research; to 
explore countries yet untrodden by 
European foot, and haply there to sow 
the seeds of that civilization which should 
abolish the worship of Idols, and bring 
the African Savage to the worship of 
the true God. But He, whose dispen- 
sations it becomes us not to question, 
much less to dispute, has ordained it 
otherwise, and the first intelligence of 
him is from his-widowed partner. By 
unceasing exposure in making a survey 
of the River Gambia, he contracted a 
fever which was increased by his con- 
stant practice, of taking nightly obser- 
vations, and he has perished a martyr to 
his love of science, in the 3lst year of 
his age. 

. Of Mz. Bowdich it may be truly said, 
that he was a christian, a scholar, and 
a gentleman, and to each of these 
characters may be superadded the epi- 
thet accomplished. In his public ca- 








[March, 


pacity he was peculiarly qualified for 
the labours assigned him; ardent as 
discreet, intrepid as humane. His fine 
natural powers were heightened by every 
rare acquirement. He was a member 
of many learned Societies at home and 
abroad, His published works are the 
‘Mission to Ashantee;’” “ Av Analysis 
of the Natural Classification of the 
Mamamalia;” ‘An Introduction to the 
Ornithology of Cuvier ;” “ Elements of 
Concbology ;”” “ A Mathematical Inves- 
tigation, with formule, for calculating 
Lunar Eclipses,” &c. &e. 

-In private life Mr. Bowdich was the 
pride of the circle in which he moved ; 
there, tov, bis superiority was never ex- 
hibited in mortifying bumbler talent 
than his own; it was only felt in the 
instruction he almost unknowingly im- 
parted. 

Mr. Bowdich has left a widow and 
three infant children, and it is to be 
feared in circumstances of no ordinary 
embarrassment. A subscription bas al- 
ready been undertaken for their relief ; 
and we hope it will be successful. 

Mrs. Bowdich was the companion of 
his travels, the sharer of all his perils, 
nor less the ardent participator of all 
his hopes, and in her affectionate arms 
he breathed his last. Herself endowed 
with every accomplishment that could 
render her the worthy assuciate of such 
a spirit, she entered with enthusiasm 
into all his views, and assisted with her 
talents many of the most scientific of 
his operations.. Nor is there a living 
pen better qualified than :hers to do 
justice to his memory. To her may 
be safeiy committed the details: of the 
progress of an enguiry so fatally inter- 
rupted, and which, if it be suspended 
until equal talents, combined with 
equal intrepidity, be found to undertake 
it, seems almost to human judgment 
incapable of restoration. The desola- 
tion of nature, and the barbarism of 
man, presenting but the least of the 
impediments in the path of courage, 
and where science, unrefreshed by sym- 
pathy and unaided by co-operation, must 
pursue her solitary researches, looking 
ouly for a distant and uncertain recom- 
pense in the records of posterity, 

Mr. Joun Davy. 

Feb. 22. At May’s-buildings, aged 59, 
Mr. John Davy, to whom the public is 
indebted for so many favorite airs. 

John Davy was born in the parish of 
Upton Helion, 8 miles from Exeter, in 
the year 1765, and, from his very in- 
fancy, discovered the most remarkable 
seasibility respecting music. When only 
three years of age, he went into a room 

where 








al 


oa LS 


bad 


1824.) Osirvary.—Mr. John Davy.—Sir Thomas Reid, Bart. 281 - 


where his uncle was playing over a 
psalm-tune on the violoncello, and the 
moment he heard the instrument he ran 
away crying, and was so terrified that 
he expected him every moment to fall 
into fits. In the course of some weeks 
his uncle repeatedly tried to reconcile 
bim to the instrument, which at last he 
effected, after a great deal of coaxing, 
by taking the cbild’s fingers and making 
him strike the strings, which at first 
startled him, but in a few days he be- 
came so passionately fond of the amuse- 
ment, that he took every opportunity of 
scraping a better acquaintance with 
this monster, who, in the bands of bis 
keeper, had dreadfully frightened him 
with his tremendous noise, Within a 
short time, by a little attention, he 
turned the notes of this frightful animal 
into notes of joy. At this time there 
was a company of soldiers quartered at 
Crediton, a town about a mile from 
Helyons. His uncle took him there fre- 
quently, and one day, attending the 
roll-call, he appeared to be greatly de- 
lighted with the fifes ; not content with 
hearing them, he borrowed one, and 
very svon picked out several tunes, and 
played them decently, Alter this he 
gathered a quantity of what the people 
call biller—it is tubular, and grows in 
marshy grounds; with the biller he 
made several imitations of this instru- 
ment, and sold them to bis play-fellows. 
When between four and five years of 
age, his ear was so very correct, that he 
could play any easy tune after once or 
twice hearing it. Before he was quite 
six years old, a neighbouring smith, 
into whose house be used frequently to 
run, lost between twenty and thirty 
horse-shoes ; diligent search was made 
after them for many days, but to no 
purpose. Svon after, the smith heard 
some musical sounds, which seemed to 
come from the upper part of the house ; 
and having listened a sufficient time to 
be convinced that his ears did not de- 
ceive him, be went up stairs, where be 
discovered the young musician and his 
property between the ceiling of the gar- 
ret and the thatched roof. He had se- 
lected eight horse-shvoes, out of more 
than twenty, to form a complete octave ; 
had suspended each of them by a single 
cord, clear from the wall, and, with a 
small iron rod, was amusing himself by 
imitating Crediton chimes, which he did 
with great exactness. This story being 
made public, and bis genius for music 
increasing hourly, a neighbouring Cler- 
gyman of considerable rank in the 
church, who patronised him, shewed 
him a harpsicord, which be soon got a 
Gent. Mac. March, 1824. 


12 





familiar acquaintance with, and by his 
intuitive genius was soon able to play 
any easy lesson which came in his way ; 
he applied himself likewise to the violin, 
and found but few difficulties to sur- 
mount in his progress on that instru- 
ment. When eleven years old, he was 
introduced to the Rev. —— Eastcott, by 
his patron. Mr. E, set him down to the 
pianoforte, and, soon perceiving that 
the seeds of music were sown in a rich 
soil, he recommended his friends to 
place him with some cathedral organist, 
under whom be might have free access 
to a good instrument, and get some 
knowledge of the rules of compo- 
sition. Dr. Jackson, organist of Exeter 
Catbedral, was sume time after applied 
to, who consented to take bim, and he 
was articled to bim when be was about 
twelve years of age. 

When Mr. Davy was grown up, he 
came to town and was soon engaged to 
supply music for operas, for which he 
was well qualified by the correctness of 
bis style and his facility at composition. 
He was for many years regularly re- 
tained by the Theatres Royal for this 
purpose, until infirmities, rather than 
age, rendered him almost incapable of 
exertion, and he died in penury * with- 
out a friend to close his eyes.” Many 
of his pieces, will, however, never cease 
to be recollected and admired, parti- 
cularly his Just like Love — May we 
ne'er want a Friend—The Death of the 
Smuggler—and The Bay of Biscay. He 
al-o wrote several operas ; the latest, 
Rob Rey Macgregor for Covent Garden, 
aud Woman's Will for the English 
Opera House. 

Mr, Davy bad once a passion for the 
stage, and actually made his debut as a 
tragic hero at Exeter, on which occa- 
sion he assumed the character of Zanga 
—the present excellent actor, Mr. Dow- 
ton, sustaining the part of dionzo. Mr. 
Davy was aman of mild, amiable, aud 
unassuming manners. 

His remains were interred on the 
28th of February in St. Martin's church- 
yard, 





Sin Tuomas Rev, Barr. 

March 1. At his house, at Ewell, in 
Surrey, Sir Thomas Reid, Bart. principal 
partner in the eminent mercantile house 
of Reid, Irving, and Co. in Broad-street ; 
also a Directur of the East India Com- 
pany, and of the Imperial Insurance 
Office. He was chosen into the East 
India Direction on the 30th Nov. 1803, 
to fill a vacancy occasioned by the decease 
of Sir Lionel Darell, Bart. and in April 
1815 was elected Deputy Chairman, 

wiih 

















——————— 





282 Osituary.—Sir T. Reid, Bt.—George Woodyatt, M.D, (March, 


with his friend, the late Mr. Grant in 
the chair; in which Mr. Reid succeeded 
him the April following. He again filled 
the offices of Deputy Chairman and 
Chairman successively in the years 1820 
and 1821. In Sept. 1823 he was created 
a Baronet of the United Kingdom by 
the title of Sir Thomas Reid, of Ewell- 
grove, in the county of Surrey, and of 
Graystone Park, in the county of Dum- 
fries. He was a man of very extensive 
general knowledge, of the strictest pro- 
bity, and of great benevolence. In his 
intercourse with those who acted under 
him in the discharge of the various im- 
portant duties which he was called to 
superintend, he displayed uncommon 
urbanity and kindness. Constant and 
early in his attendance upon public bu- 
siness, he was always accessible to those 
who had occasion to consult him, while 
to individuals whom his high station 
had attracted towards him as suitors for 
patronage, the mildness of his manner 
was such, that it seemed to give confi- 
dence to the poorest and most depen- 
dent of them. The peculiar affability 
and absence of all reserve which marked 
his general carriage towards every one 
who was officially connected with him, 
was not more gratifying to the indivi- 
duals, than essentially promotive of the 
public interests. 

A few months previous to his decease, 
he had the misfortune to rupture a small 
vessel in his head, in a violent fit of 
coughing: from the effect of this ac- 
cident, under which he received the very 
best professional assistance, he appeared 
to all his friends to have entirely reco- 
vered: bui it is now believed to have 
been the immediate cause of his disso- 
lution. 

On Monday, the 8th of March, his 
remains were interred in the family 
vault at Ewell. Seldum has been wit- 
nessed so general a demonstration of 
grief as was apparent upon this ocea- 
sion. The funeral was attended by a 
long train of relations and friends; every 
house in Ewell was: closely shut up, and 
notwithstanding the inclemency of the 
weather, the inhabitants in deep mourn- 
ing, joined in the melancholy procession ; 
thus proving their sincere regret for the 
loss of a general friend and benefactor, 
and their respect for his distinguished 
virtues and benevolence. 

He is succeeded in his title and es- 
tates by his eldest son, now Sir Thomas 
Reid, Bart. T.F. 





Georce Woopyatrt, M.D. 
Lately. At bis residence, in Worcester, 
George Woodyatt, M.D. Senior Physi- 
¢ian to the Infirmary, in the 60th year 





of his age. His acuteness of observa- 
tion, zeal for the science he cultivated, 
and genuine goodness of heart, at an 
early period of life, brought him into 
general notice; and he long upheld the 
highest reputation with families of tlie 
first distinction in bis neighbourhood. 
His constitution, naturally delicate, be- 
came for some years evidently unequal 
to the laborious duties he bad to per- 
form; with peculiar energy of mind, 
bowever, he struggled with an insidious 
desease, and, till within a very sbort 
period of his death, continued bis valu- 
able exertions. When at length com- 
pelled to relinquish bis earthly duties, 
he did so without a murmur, and spent 
the few remaining days, full of grati- 
tude for the numberless mercies of his 
God, and of hope in the mediation of his 
Saviour. 


- &— 
CLERGY RECENTLY DECEASED. 

Dec. 15. At Nice, in his 42d year, the 
Hon. and Rev. Thomas Alfred Harris, Pre- 
bendary of Osbaldwick, in York Cathedral. 
He was the third child of James Harris, 
1st Earl of Malmesbury, by Harriet-Mary, 
youngest sister of Sir George Amyand ; was 
born March 24, 1782; was of Christ 
Church, Oxford, where he took his Master's 
Degree April 24, 1806. In 1807 his Ma- 
jesty presented him to the Rectory of 
Hartley Waspull, Hants. On the 2ist of 
September 1812, he married Maria, the 
fourth daughter of the late Rev. Dr. George 
Markham, Dean of York (see vol. xcu. ii, 
374), and had issue a son and a daughter. 
The same year he was elected Prebendary of 
Osbaldwick. 

Jan. 5. Aged 44, the Rev. Thomas 
Cotterill, M.A. Perpetual Curate of St. 
Paul’s, Sheffield, and late Fellow of St. 
John’s College, Cambridge, where he took 
his degrees of B.A. in 1801, and M.A. in 
1805. He was presented to the curacy of 
St. Paul, Sheffield, in 1817, by the Vicar of 
Sheffield. The day after his death, a meet- 
ing of the parishioners was held, when se- 
veral resolutions were adopted, all expressive 
of respect and esteem for his memory, and 
of the great sorrow they experienced for 
the deprivation they sustained. It was then 
determined, that all who could ssibly 
attend should follow the body of their la- 
meuted pastor in funereal procession to the 
grave, and that there should be a general 
mourning throughout the parish of at least 
six weeks duration. He has left a widow 
and five children to lament their loss. 

Jan. 8. His Eminence Cardinal Gonsalvi. 
This Minister, who had governed Rome for 
23 years, and to whom Pius VII. was 
warmly attached, fell a victim to his lon 
and dreadful sufferings, which he bore with 
admirable fortitude, patience, and piety. 

He 








1824.] 


He was born at Rome, June 8, 1757, ere- 
ated a Cardinal by Pius VII. in 1800. Ad- 
mitted to a knowledge of the leading inter- 
ests of Europe, he was in the confidence of 
all the negociators who visited the Pontifical 
States ; or with whom he had occasivn to 
be acquainted while in Vienna, Paris, and 
London. The qualities of his heart were 
gentleness, mildness, and affection. The 
career of this distinguished Statesman was 
marked by events of the highest interest by 
the many important treaties he negociated, 
by his protection of the arts and sciences, 
and by his unwearied attention to preserve 
the monuments of antiquity; thus filling 
the Papal States with admirable monuments 
of his munificence, whilst, at the same time, 
he replaced the Holy See in a situation of 
comparative independence and _ security. 
Rome has indeed lost in Gonsalvi her best 
friend. 

Jan.10. At Bulwell, Notts, aged 44, 
the Rev. /saac Rolinson, of Stoke Golding, 
Leicestershire. 

Fel. 1. In Southampton-street, Strand, 
of a fit of apoplexy, the Rev. John Lem- 
priere, D. D. Rector of Meeth and New- 
ton Petrock, in the county of Devon. He 
was a native of Jersey, and after receiving 
his education at Winchester school, re- 
moved to Pembroke College, Oxford, 
where he proceeded M.A. Oct. 10, 1792; 
B.D. July 9, 1801; and D.D. Jan. 14, 
1803. About 1792 he was chosen to pre- 
side over Abingdon school, which he con- 
ducted with reputation for some years. He 
succeeded the Rev. Robert Bartholomew in 
the Mastership of the Free Grammar-school 
at Exeter, but he was lately compelled to 
resign this situation in consequence of un- 
fortunate disputes with the Trustees, which 
were the cause of much vexation to Dr. 
Lempriere, who petitioned Parliament on 
the subject. In 1788 he published in svo 
his “ Bibliotheca Classica,” a work of 
great utility, afterwards enlarged to a 4to 
volume (see vols. L1X. p. 156; LXIII. p. 937; 
and txxv. p. 1146). It has been asserted 
that he published it ‘ without an acknow- 
ledgment that the plan and materials were 
taken from the great work of M. Sabathier:” 
this is not true ; for in the preface to the 8vo 
edition of this work, in 1788, Dr. Lempriere 
says, ‘* In the Siecles Payens of l’Abbé Saba 
tier de Castres he has found all the informa- 
tion which judicious criticism, and a perfect 
know of Heathen Mythology, could 
procure.” In 1789 he published a ‘Ser- 
mon preché dans le Temple de la Paroisse 
de St. Helier, & Jersey, le deuxitme pour 
d’Aodt.” It is commended in our vol, 
for 1789, pp. 834, 1067, for ‘its imparti- 
ality, the elegance of the composition, and 
the sound doctrine it coutains.”” ‘The ser- 
mon was made public, to vindicate himself 
from the illiberal aspersions that had been 
thrown upon him. It proves that he was 





Clergy deceased. 





233 


- ilty of that personality ert of 
which some anonymous writers turough 
the channel of the ne rs, ental 
him. In 1791 he published “* A Sermon 
preached at the opening of St. Peter’s Cha- 
pel, Swinton, in the parish of Eccles, Lan- 
cashire, on Sunday, April 10,1791.” (See 
vol. Lxt. p. 740.) In 1792 he published 
the first volume of his ‘* History of Hero- 
dotus, translated from the Greek, with 
notes subjoined;” but Mr. Beloe having 
published an entire and elegant translation 
of the Father of History, is supposed to 
be the reason why Dr. Lempriere’s version 
was never finished. It was intended to 
have been completed with a copious index 
in three volumes; and the enlargement of 
the notes, with occasional dissertations and 
necessary remarks, would have extended to 
two, if not three more. It is much to be 
regretted that the work was not completed, 
as it was executed with accuracy. Dr. Lem- 
priere also published, in 1808, ‘‘ Universal 
Biography,” 4to; and in the same year 
au Abridgment of the above in 8vo. In 
1811 he was presented to the Rectory of 
Meeth by the Rev. L. Canniford, 
> 


DEATHS. 
Lonpon anp 1Ts Environs. 

Lately. At Chelsea, Robert Hall, M.D. 
late surgeon to the Forces, a descendant of 
the ancient Border family of the Halls, of 
Newbiggin, and great grandson of Henry 
Hall, of Haughhead, the celebrated Cove- 
nanter who fought at Bothwell Bridge, 
Drumelog, &c. 

At Brixton-hill, aged 70, Mrs. Mary 
Trood, late of Knightsbridge. 

Jan. 8. In Cumberland-street, aged 92, 
Richard Buller, esq. 

Jan. 24. At Clapham-common, aged 
87, John Farrer, esq. 

Jan. 25. In Upper Seymour-street, aged 
74, Dame Judith, widow of late Gen. Sir 
Robert Laurie, of Maxwelton, co. Dum- 
fries, bart. 

Jan. 29. Aged 56, Sarah, relict of Mr. 
Benjamin Crosby, formerly a bookseller in 
Stationers’-court. 

Jan. 30. At Kensington, aged 63, the 
relict of late T. Buckland, esq. 

Feb. 1. In Upper Charlotte-street, aged 
84, John Hicks, esq. 

In Queen-square, 85, Isase Og- 
den, esq. a Judge of his Majesty's Court 
of King’s Beuch for the district of Mon- 
treal, in Lower Canada, for a period of 29 


ears. 
Feb. 3. Aged 70, Mr. Mark Klyne, of 
Jermyn-street. 


In Wigmore-street, aged 68, William 
Childe, esq. of Kinlet, Shropshire. 
Fel. 4. At Pimlico, aged 71, Robert 


Bunstone, esq. 
At the house of his father-in-law, Mat- 
thew 














234 Osituary. (Marcli, 


thew Kemp, esq. Swinton-street, Mr. Abra- 
ham Wilson, of Streatham Common. 

Feb. 5. Margaret Christiana, wife of 
James Bell, esq. of Hatton Garden. 

Feb. 6. At Islington, aged 72, Mary, 
widow of the Rev. Joseph Radford. 

In Upper Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, 
aged 49, Capt. Robert Giles, R. N. 

Aged 92, John Henderson, esq. of Bel- 
grave-place, Pimlico. 

Dinah, wife of Edward Jenkins, esq. of 
the Stock Exchange. 

Feb.7. Aged 34, William Henry Ma- 
jendie, esq. eldest son of Bishop of Bangor. 

Feb. 8. At Stockwell, aged 86, Anne, re- 
lict of H. Mackay, esq. of Streatham, Surrey. 

Feb. 10. Of apoplexy, while attending 
the West India Meeting at the City of Lon- 
don Tavern, aged 52, Edward Bullock, esq. 
of Upper Bedford-place. 

Feb. 11. In Queen-square, aged 70, Ri- 
chard C. Creswell, esq. Proctor, and one of 
the Deputy Registrars of the Prerogative 
Court of Canterbury. 

Mary, wife of James Ogilvie, esq. of Up- 
per Seymour-street. 

Feb. 14, In the Regent’s Park, Jane, 
widow of T. Greenough, esq. of Bedford-sq. 

Feb. 16. In Abingdon-street, Matilda, 
wife of E. G. Walmisley, esq. Clerk of the 
Journals of the House of Lords. 

At Sutton Court Lodge, Chiswick, the 
residence of her son-in-law, aged 75, Mrs. 
Fuller. 

In Oxendon-street, aged 48, Sophia 
Sarah, wife of John Weatherby, esq. 

At Pentonville, Mr. W. Cresswell, of the 
East India House. 

At Finchley, Samuel Chilver, esq. of New 
ee 
« In Tavistock place, aged 64, Rob. Kings- 
ton, esq. of the Stock Exchange. 

Fel. 19. At Poplar, aged 75, Ralph 
Walker, esq. civil engineer. 

Feb. 21. In Quehec-street, aged 20, the 
lady of Capt. Thornton, Grenadier Guards. 

dn Upper Wimpole-street, Elizabeth, wife 
of Thomas William Bridges, esq. 

Feb. 22. At Hammersmith, aged 73, 
Harry Stoe, esq. 

Feb. 25. Catherine, relict of James 
Alan, esq. of Clapham-rise. 

Feb. 27. In Grosvenor-square, the infant 
son of the Right Hon. Lord Petre. 

Feb. 29. In Northumberland-street, St. 
Mary-le-bone, aged 84; Mrs. Lydia Hooley. 

March 1. In New Boswell-court, aged 
54, Richard Leigh Spencer, esq. 

James Doughty, esq. of Paper-buildings, 
Temple. 

Morch2. At Bylock’s-hall, Enfield, aged 
86, James Francis Mesturas, esq. late part- 
ner in the house of Sir F. Baring and és. 

March 8. Aged 69, Mr. Viotti, the 
celebrated performer on the violin. 

At her sister's, in Alfred-place, Bedford- 
square, Catherine, widow of Edmund Mi- 


chael Daly, late of Habbe-street, Dublin, 
and of Broval Castle, in Ireland, esq. 

March 4, At his son’s, Chelsea, aged 
80, Mr. John Vigurs, late of Southampton- 
street, Strand, and Launceston, Cornwall. 

Mar. 5. At Limehouse, aged 75, the re- 
lict of James Rudge, esq. of Heath-end- 
house, Croom-hall, Gloucestershire; and 
mother of Rev. Dr. Rudge. 

March 11. AtClapham, aged 61, Steph. 
Cattley, esq. 

At Uxbridge, the widow of Bp. Horne. 

March 12. Charlotte, wife of W. Com- 
pion, esq. Frederick’s-place, Old Jewry. 

At West End, Hampstead, aged 61, much 
regretted, Germain Lavie, esq. of Frederick’s- 
place, solicitor. He lately served the office 
of one of the Under Sheriffs of London and 
Middlesex. He was the brother of Capt. 
Sir T. Lavie, K.C. B. who died Feb. 2, 1822. 
Both brothers have left large families. 

March 27. In Green-street, Grosvenor- 
square, a 84, Geo Musgrave, esq. 
formerly M.P. for Carlisle, VP. of the 
Magdalen Hospital, &c. &c. In the several 
relations of private life, his exemplary con- 
duct, graced by the practice of every Chris- 
tian virtue, will stand recorded in most 
affectionate remembrance ; while as a zealous 
and most liberal contributor to the many 
charitable Institutions of which he was a 
Governor, his loss will be deplored with 
that real sorrow which gilds the memory of 
the ‘just man and the good.” 

March... Suddenly, in a fit of insanity, 
Rear Admiral Sir George R. Collier, K.C.B. 
Of this gallant officer we shall give a me- 
moir in our next. 

Beprorpsuire.—Jan. 21. At Bedford, 
Elizabeth-Anne, wife of Thos. Gurney, esq. 

Feb. 21, Aged 50, Mr. Richard a 
of Cardington. While hunting with the Oak- 
ley hounds, he was seized with apoplexy, 
and instantly expired. As an agriculturist, 
Mr. Parry stood very high in the estima- 
mation of the county of Bedford: he ex- 
pended considerable property in substantial 
improveinent of an extensive farm. He was 
diligent and punctual ir business, steadily 
pursuing the straight-forward path of recti- 
tude, 

Berxsiire.—Feb. 17. At Windsor, it 
49, W. Gellishia, one of the Poor Knights 
of the Upper Foundation. 

Feb, 24. At her son’s, in Reading, aged 
86, Ellen, widow of Elias John "Palairet, 
esq.; and on the 1st March, aged 59, her 
son, John Gwalter Palairet, esq. barrister- 
at-law. 

Buckineuamsuire.—VJan. 31. At Chal- 
font St. Giles, aged 31, Lieut. James Ar- 
nott Howard, half-pay of the 23d reg. 

Feb, 27. At Amersham, aged 70, James 
Rumsey, M.D. 

Mar. 11. At Buckingham, Miss Julia 
Ellis, late of Henley, youngest dau, of Rev. 
W. Ellis, Rector of Caversfield, 

Derey- 





1824.] 


DersysHint.—Jan. 17. Aged 12, Geor- 
giana, 3d dau. of E. Mundy, esq. of Shipley. 

Devonsuire.—At the Citatel, Plymouth, 
John Bremner, aged 105! He was at the 
battle of Culloden, in 1746; and assisted in 
firing the salutes on the accession of their 
Majesties George II. If]. and IV. 

Jan. 23. At Park-house, Bovey-Tracey, 
aged 68, George Hunt, esq. barrister-at- 


law. 

Fel. 18. At Teignmouth, Thomas War- 
ham, esq. late of Bengal: a relation of 
whose adventures, escapes, and various vicis- 
situdes of life, would perhaps excite more 
wonder than those of any living character 
in this counrry. 

Dorsetsnirt.—Feb. 4. At Fleet-house, 
near Weymouth, Abigail, widow of the late 
George Gould, esq. of ne gre (who 
died 1793); and dau. of Robt. Gooden of 
Over Compton, esq. 

Mar. 5. At Poole, aged 77, John Slade, 
esq. He carried on an extensive trade with 
Newfoundland, from which he amassed an 
opulent fortune. 

Durnuam.—Jan. 23, Aged 31, James 
Clavering, esq. late of the 14th Dragoons, 
and eldest son of Sir Thomas John Claver- 
ing, Bart. of Axwell Park and Greencroft, 
by Clara, dau. of John de Gallars de la Ber- 
nardine (by his lady Petronilla) le Comte 
de la Sable, of Angou, in France. He was 
born Feb. 12, 1793. 

Mar. 8. In her 85th year, at the house 
of her daughter, at Gateshead, the relict of 
Mr. John Bell, formerly of Hexham Abbey, 
Northumberland. 

Essex.—Jan. 25. Aged 73, S. S. Ward, 
esq. of Plaistow. 

Feb. 18. Aged 41, Carteret Rawlins 
Gayton, esq. of Tiptofts, Wimbish. 

LOUCESTERSHIRE.— Dec. 30. At Forth- 
ampton Court, aged 81, Hon. Mary, relict 
of Bp. Yorke, and daughter of Bp. Maddox. 

Lately, in the parish of St. George, 
aged 104, Mary Jones. 

Hanxts.—At Portsmouth, the wife of 
Lieut.-Col. Muttlebury, of the 69th reg. 

Feb. 25. At Belmont, the seat of Sir 
George Prevost, Bart. aged 21, Harriet, 
youngest dau. of late Sir G. Prevost, Bart. 
Governor-in-Chief in British North Ame- 
rica. 

Feb. 26. At Gosport, aged 62, Charlotte, 
wife of Rev. Dr. Bogue. 

Mar, 3. At Lymington, aged 49, James 
Greive Livett, esq. 

Hererorpsnire.— Mar. 6. »; a 4 
carage, at Bosbury, aged 77, ly Colt, 
‘die of the late Su John Colt. 

Hertrorpsuire.— Vor, 24. At Hoddes- 
don, aged 77, William Hodgson, esq. F.R.S. 
He possessed a good collection of books 
and mathenatical instruments, which have 
been dispersed by auction, by Mr. Sotheby. 

Dec.18. At Broxbourne, aged 78, Mary, 
relict of Nicholas Lutyens, esq. 





Osrtuar®. 





285 


Feb. 7. At the Rectory, Ware, 70, 
Mr. Wm. Flack. . = 

Fel.19. At Pishiobury, the seat of her 
mother, Mrs. Milles, Rose, wife of Row- 
land Alston, esq. and dau. of the late Jere- 
miah Milles, esq 

Feb.20. Aged 65, William Goode, esq. 
of Puckeridge. 

Mar. 6. In consequence of a duel with 
Mr. Swayne, on Royston-common, on the 
3d inst. Harvey Hetherington, esq. The 
ball lodged in his side, and could not be 
extracted. The dispute originated at the 
Atterton Park Coursing. 

Kent.—Nov. 2. At Chatham, Edward 
Thomas Day Hulkes, M.A. of St. John’s 
College. 

Nov. 12. Aged 70, James P. Hobbs, 
esq. of Tunbridge-wells. 

Jan.7. At West Cliff, near Ramsgate, 
aged 66, Mrs. Braithwaite Warre, relict of 
John Henry Warre, esq. 

Jan. 18. At Ramsgate, aged 74, Capt. 
Bowles Mitchell, R. N. the last surviving 


officer of those who accumpanied t. 
Cook on his second voyage round the 
world. 


Jan. 26. At Chislehurst, d 84, W. 
Westall, esq. formerly of "“Wigh-cwrest, 
Southwark. 

Jan. 30. T. E. Hulkes, esq. late of Glean- 
ings-house, near Rochester. 

Feb. 1. Aged 94, James Chapman, esq. 
of St. Paul’s Cray-hill, 

Feb. 6. Aged 65, Lewis Francis Catty, 
esq. of the Royal Military Academy at 
Woolwich. 

Fel. 14. At Tunbridge-wells, aged 79, 
Elizabeth, widow of J. Chis, esq. of Oporto. 

Feb. 27. At Cliffe, aged 63, Jacob 
Harvey, esq. 

Fel: 29. At Northfleet, aged 50, Jere- 
miah Howard, esq. 

Lancasuire.— At Rochdale, aged 80, 
W. Holland, esq. who from his age and 
experience was justly styled by many sport- 
ing men the father of the turf. He was a 
man of the strictest h and " 
tionable integrity, and had acquired by his 
superior calculation in betting an immense 
fortune. 

Nov. 25. Aged 76, Mr. Thomas White- 
head, of Higher-moor, near Oldham, well 
known as a performer on the bassoon for the 
last 55 years. 

Leicestersuine.—Jan. 13. At Coston, 
aged 95, Mr. T. Boyfield. 

Jan. 24. Mary, wife of Edward Whitby, 
esq. of Osbaston-lodge. 

Norrotk.—Jan, 21. Aged 8 months, 
William-George, second son of Sir R. P, 
Jodrell, Bart. 

Jan. 23. At Somerton, aged 71, Grace, 
sister of late Gen. Howe, M. P. and niece of 
late Sir P. Stephens, Bart. 

Jan. 28. Aged 76, Susanna-Jane, relict 
of Rev, J. Love, Rector of Somerley and 

Blundeston, 

















236 


Blundeston, and Minister of St. George's 
Chapel, Yarmouth. 
Tiecnsanmantn. <~de. 23. Aged 

62, Mr. George Braithwaite, late of Not- 

tingham. 

Jan. 29. Aged 28, George, eldest son of 
G. Shuttleworth, esq. of Hodsock, near 
Worksop. 

Feb. 5. W. Brewin, Gent. of Sion-hill, 
near Nottingham. 

Oxrorpsuire.—Jan. 16. Thomas Hall, 
esq. of Harpsden-court, near Henley-upon- 
Thames. 

Jan. 23. At Oxford, aged 84, Lieut.- 
col, F. W. Bellis. 

Mar. 18. Drowned, J. Harvey, esq. a 
Commoner of Wadham College. As he was 
rowing in a skiff between Ifley and Oxford, 
near the Wiers, it is supposed he stood up 
in the boat, to take off his jacket; when 
the oar slipping from his hand, in endea- 
vouring to recover it, he fell into the stream. 
Mr. Taylor, of Brazennose, dived several 
times in vain, and the body was not found 
for two hours. 

Srarrorpsuire.— Mar. 7. At Hoare 
Cross, aged 93, the relict of George Hol- 
land, esq. of Admerstoue, near Blithfield. 

Surrotx.—Lately. At Sudbury, aged 
79, the relict of Mr. Henry Jones. 

Jan. 22. At Woodbridge, aged 85, Jas. 
Lynn, esq. 

Feb. 11. At Cavendish-hall, aged 20, 
Georgiana-Lucy, youngest dau. of Sir Dighy 
Mackworth, Bart. 

Mar.4. At Herringfieet-hall, Elizabeth, 
wife of A, Merry, Esq. 

Mar. 6. Aged 56, Charlotte-Elizabeth, 
wife of Dr. Reeve, of Gislingham, and only 
dau. of the late Thomas Slapp, of Botes- 
dale, Gent. 

Surrey.—Dec. 16.— At Mordon-park, 
Sarah, second dau. of J. B. Adams, Esq. late 
of Hampstead. 

Jan. 23. At Croydon, aged 78, Christo- 
pher Taddy, esq. 

Fel. 17. Elizaketh, wife of George 
Ridge, esq. 

Feb. 26. At Stoke, near Guildford, Miss 
Cooke. 

Worcestersnire.—Fel. 26. Aged 72, 
Catharine, relict of W. Harris, solicitor, 
Stourbridge, and dau. of late T. Chambers, 
esq. of Studley. 

"Wcaademesain 5. Aged 92, at Be- 
verley, Jane, sister to the late Henry Le- 
gard, esq. Registrar for the East-Riding. 

Feb. 19. Sarah, wife of Rev. A. W. Eyre, 
Vicar of Stillingfleet. 

Wates.—Jan. 29. At Dolgelley, Richard 
Matthews, esq. of Esgair, Merionethshire. 

Scortanp.—J/an. 13. At Newhailes, 


near Edinburgh, Lady Home, widow of 
the late Vice-Admiral Sir George Home, 
bart. of Blackadder. 

At Ruabon, Dolly Barclay, aged 101. 
She retained her faculties, eye-sight, and 





Bsrrvany. 





[ March, 


hearing in an astonishing degree of perfec- 
tion, and ate her food with an excellent ap- 
petite; bnt never drank tea in her life till 
she took to her bed, about six months ago. 
She was the mother of 14 children, had 13 
grandchildren, and 30 great-grandchildren. 

Feb. 11. At Brae-Man, the venerable 

highlander, Patrick Grant, to whom his 
Majesty, two years ago, graciously granted 
a pension of one guinea per week, in the 
111th year of his age. He expired while 
sitting in his elbow chair, having felt scarcely 
any previous illness. His pension now de- 
volves on his daughter Anne during her life. 
A cottage is to be built for her on the farm 
of Drumcain, in the parish of Sethnot, 
near Brechin. It is thought that her Jate 
father was the only survivor of those who 
fought at the battles of Culloden and Fal- 
kirk. He was also engaged in the English 
Raid under the Pretender, and was present 
when the Pretender embarked for France. 

Asroap.—Aug. Of the yellow fever, on 
board H. M. S. Tyne, on the Jamaica sta- 
tion, Henry, youngest son of the late Rev. 
Dr. Roberts, of Sonning. 

Lalely, At Altona, suddenly and tran- 
quilly, one of the Veterans of German liter- 
ature and poetry, Mr. H. W. Von Gusten- 
berg, having nearly completed his 84th year. 

Aug. 31. At Asiseira, near Rio Major, 
in Portugal, on his return from Figueira to 
Lisbon, R. B. Whitney, esq. (who was bar- 
barously shot and robbed by two assassins 
on the evening before, near the above 
place), a man distinguished for abilities, 
possessing in an eminent degree integrity 
and honour; under the influence of which 
he acted in every transaction during his 
life. 

Sept. 6. At Florence, aged 69, Lawrence 
Rowe, esq. of Brentford. 

Sept. 15. At Bushire, in Persia, of the 
fever of the country, Mr. Edmund Sturmy, 
jun. of Walworth, in his 32d year. 

Sept.17. At St. John’s, Newfoundland, 
aged 34, of typhus, the Rev. John Leigh, 
Ecclesiastical Commissary, &c. of New- 
foundland. 

At Gothenburg, aged 84, D. Lowe, esq. 

Sept. 24. At Paris, aged 76, M. Agier, 
President of the Chamber of the Cour Royale. 

Sept. 30. At Fontainbleau, in his 53d 

ear, Edward D’Oyley, esq. late of Sion 
Hill, one of his Majesty’s Justices of the 
Peace. 

Oct. 4. At Xeres de la Frontera, iu 
Spain, aged 64, James Gordon, esq. Senior 
Partner of the old established House of 
Gordon and Co. of said City. 

Oct. 16. At Onjounet, near Rolle, in 
Switzerland, William Archer, esq. 

Oct.26. At Bruchsal, in the presence 
of her venerable mother ; and of her sisters 
the Queen of Bavaria, and Queen Frederica 
of Sweden, the Princess Amelia of Baden, 
eldest daughter of the Dowager Margravine. 


BILL 








1824.] Bill of Mortality— Markets, &e.—Canal Shares. 287 


BILL OF MORTALITY, from Feb. 18, to March 23, 1994. 
Christened. Buried. Qand 5188] 50and 60 132 
Males - $26 66s Males - — e 5and10 49] 60and 70134 
Females - 838 Females- 779 $ 10 and 20 43] 70 and 80 102 
Whereof have died under two years old 552 20 and 30 90] 80 and 90 54 
rs L s0 aud 40 123 | 90 and100 3 
40 and 50 141 








Salt 5s. per bushel; 14d. per pound. 





QUARTERLY AVERAGE of BRITISH CORN which governs Importation, 
from the Returns ending March 13. 


Wheat. | Barley. Oats. Rye. Beans. Peas. 
s. d. s. d. s. d. s. ad. s. dd. s d, 
65 7 36 10 25 8 44 0 41 3 39 4 

















PRICE OF FLOUR, per Sack, March 22, 50s. to 60s. 
AVERAGE PRICE of SUGAR, March 11, 33s. 74d. per cwt. 
PRICE OF HOPS, IN THE BOROUGH MARKET, March 19. 





Kent Bags .......... 71. 15s. to 114. 11s. | Farnham Pockets.... 121. Os. to 18, Os. 
Sussex Ditto ....... Ol. Os. to Ol. Os. | Kent...........ecee eoee Sl.- 88. to 14/. Os, 
Yearting............. - 51. 10s. to 71, 108. | Sussex.....ccccccceeeeee 71, 78 to Ol. 10s. 
Old ditto. ........... . Ol. Os, to Ol, Os. | Yearling... 61 OS. to Sl. 105. 





PRICE OF HAY AND STRAW. 


St. James’s, Hay G/. 0s. Straw 2l.12s.0d. Clover 6i. 6s. 0d.—Whitechapel, Hay 5/. 10s. Od. 
Straw 2l. 8s. 0d. Clover 6/. 8s.0d.—Smithfield, Hay 5/.10s. Straw 2/.5s. Clover 61. 6s. 


SMITHFIELD, March 22. To sink the Offal—per stone of 8]bs. 


ie iro Che, Cline BE we 
ED 4 cncatncanenen .. 3s. 8d. to 4s. 4d. Head of Cattle at Market March 22: 

 _ wend is. 4d. to 5s. Gd. Beasts ........+2.0. 2,730 Calves 180, 
ttn Gee ts, Sheepand Lambs 16,680 Pigs 210. 


COALS: Neweastle, 33s. Gd. to 39s. Od.—Sunderland, 31s. 6d. to 41s. 3d. 
TALLOW, per Cwt. Town Tallow 39s. Od. Yellow Russia 37s. 0d. 
SOAP, Yellow 80s. Mottled 78s. Curd 832s,5—CANDLES, 8s. 6d. per Doz. Moulds 10s. 0d. 








THE PRICES of Navicaste Carat Suares, Dock Srocxs, Water Works, Fins 
and Lire Insurance, Brincr and Ges Licut Suares (between the 24th of Feb, and 25th 
of March, 1824), at the Oifice of Mr. M. Ratne (successor to the late Mr. Scott), Auc- 
tioneer, Canal and Dock Share, and Estate Broker, No. 2, Great Winchester-street, Old 
Broad-street, London.—Grand Trunk Canal, dividing 751. per share, per annura, and bo- 
nus, price 2,300/.—Leeds and Liverpool, 12/.; price 410/.—Barnsley, 12/.; price 220/. 
—Rochdale, 3/.; price 100/.—Bolton and Bury, 5/.; price 1104—Coventry 44/. and bo- 
nus; price 1,200/.—Oxford, short shares, 32/.; price 820/.—-Grand Junction, 10/.; price 
325/.—Monmouth, 10/.; price 220/.—Brecknock and Abergavenny, 5/.; price 115/.— 
Neath, 13/. last year ; price 250/.——Swansea, 10/. ; price 220/.—Old Union, 41. ; price 901.— 
Ellesmere, 3/.; price 75.—Dudley, 3/.; price 75/.— Worcester and Birmingham, 11. ; price 
401.--Kennet and Avon, 17s.; price 29/.—Lancaster, 11. ; price 33/.—West India Dock Stock, 
10l.; price 235l.—East India Dock Stock, 82. ; price 1: 9/.—London Dock Stock, 41. 10s.; 
ptice 1152.—East London Water Works, 5/.; price 1701.——Grand Junction Ditto, 2. 10s. ; 
price 80/.—West Middlesex Ditto, 2/. 10s.; price 81/.—Kent Water Ditto, 1/. 10s. price 44/. 
Royal Exchange Assurance, 10/. and bonus ; price 310l—Globe Fire and Life Assurance, 
7/.; price 180/.—Imperial Fire Ditto, 5/.; price 133/—Albion Fire and Life Ditto, 21. 
10s.; price 551.—British Fire Ditto, 3/.; price GOl—Atlas Fire and Life Ditto, 6s.; 
price 6/.— Hope Fire and Life Ditto, Gs.; price 6/.—Rock Life Assurance, 2s. ; price 3. 
10s.—Provident Ditto, 9/. per cent. on 10/. paid; price 9l. 10s, premium.—Kent Fire 
Ditto, 2/. 10s.; price 74/.—Westminster Gas Light and Coke Company, 41.; price $2l.— 
New Ditto, 8/. per cent. on 5/. paid; price 61. premium.—City of London Ditto, 81. per 
cent. on 85l. paid; price 55/. premium.—New Ditto, 8/. per cent. on 45/. paid; price 354. 
premium.—South London Ditto, 7/. 10s.; price 180/.—Vauxhall Bridge, 14.; price 84/. 
—Ditto Promissory Notes of 100/. each; price 105/.—Regent’s Canal, 49/.—Wilts and 
Berks, 10l.—Grand Union, 251.—Grand Surrey, 50/.—Croydon, 5/.—Huddersfield, 28/. 
—Portsmouth and Arundel, 25/.—Stratford upon Avon, 25.—Imperial Gas Light and Coke 
Company, 40/. paid; price 24/. premium.—New Ditto, 5l. paid; price 15/. premium.— 
Guardian Fire and Life Assurance, 10/, paid; price 14/1. premium.—London Institution, 
85l.—Russell Ditto, 10/. 


METEORO- 











{ 23 ] 


METEOROLOGICAL DIARY, gy W. CARY, Srhanp. 


From February 27, to March 26, 1824, both inclusive. 




















Fahrenheit’s Therm. Fahrenheit’s Therm. 
aol ig || “ao ls | | 

mw 312.8! g tee 312.81 Ss Ss! 
3/8 ‘s| § © i | Barom. Weather. | 535 'g jo = | Barom. | 
e515 5| 5 [om in pts. lS \"2.5) 5 [2 selim pts. 
_ s | = | 
AZ \o= [=z || codec ka =z! | 

| i Pe i 




















- | ' | _ 
29, 65 rain&snow!| 13 | 36 , 42 | 33 29, 32 hail & snow 


28 | 36 | 41 | 36 || , 86 \cloudy 14 | 33 | 45 | 35 ||, 95 fair 
29 | 37 | 41 | 37 || 4 95) leloudy | 15 | 33 | 46 | 46 | 30, 04'cloudy 
Ma.\| 36 | 46 | 33 || , » 72)cloudy 16 | 47} 55/50 ||, 0) fair 
2/30/34] 31 ||, 67ifair 7 | 44 | 54| 44 > 20/fair 
3 | 87 | 40] 30 || 28, 96|snow 18 | 46 | 57} 51 > 26) fair 
4/28 | 38] 36 } 29, 93) fair 19 | 49 | 58 | 42 » 30 ‘cloudy 
5 | 38/53 | 43 |, 62/fair 20 | 39 | 53 | 46 » 21 \fair 
6 | 43] 53} 46 ||, 86\fair 21 | 45 | 47 | 43 || 29, 82 rain 
7 | 47153] 48 ||, 55/rain \| 22 43 | 41 | 35 » 59 rain & show 
8 | 52 | 52 | 37 » 20) rain 23 35 | 45 | 39 || , 92 rain & snow 
9 | 37] 47) 42) , 70 ifair | 24 | 89 | 44 | 40 | 30, 01 cloudy 
10 | 43 | 44 | 37 |) , 72|cloudy 25 | 38 | 41 | 39 ||, 12:cloudy 
11} 82; 46) 40/' , ; 94 fair 26 | 43 | 45 | 38 || 29, 95'eloudy 
12 | 35 | 45 | 38 ! » 46; hail | | | 











DAILY PRICE OF STOCKS, 


From a 27, to March 27, 1824, both inclusive. 














































































































































































































é La. | wt si 3 €! sigs! 4 
= 4 ‘ ) = . i- 1.3 * } as - 
= 43 te ee é 2 |30 2 5-33) 3 | x. Bills, Ex. Bil, 
IRD 3 ? & RE FHASA Sears 3 10002. | so0ol. 
ro am |at ia) ] «| <j * = 

27 23841923 ig 2 |\——| 1024 107$ 22% | 278 79 pm.|42 44 pm.'49 44 pm. 
28 2384/93 4 §92$ 9/102 | 102§ |107§ 23 $92} |278 |68 pm.|43 38 pm.) 44 pm. 
1/2404/944 4 934 4 ! 103 /108 |23 4, —279 73 — 37 pm.|4037 pm. 
2/2393 94$ 493% 4)1023 1073 shut | |280 |738 m.139 43 pm./41 42 pm. 
3/Hol. | ! 1023 |-—— —_|—— im 

4) 943 494 $1025) 1023 ‘71 pm. ‘44 46 pm. |4446pm. 
5\shut | shut 93% 44102) shut {108g —— 91} on ve pm.'45 47 pm. \45 47 pm. 
6) — 94 = 4 'shut | —/108; \47 50 pm.'47 50 pm. 
si —_|__—'94_ 34 | en! 8 OF § ——|—— 78 pm.|51 54 pm.'51 54pm. 
9—| 935 $— 1073 —-———— 81 pm./54 56 pm.|53 56pm. 
10: | 923 —_— 1074 ——_——-|——|77 pm. 54 52 pm.'52 54 pm. 
<< 93 24 — 106g ————|—|76 pm.|54 48 pm.| -- 
19 |—_—'s34 3 11063 —— 934 +—|74 pm. 49 44 pm.'4944 pm. 
1 3;——__-——§ 5 i 49 46 pm./4649 pm. 
15|\—— 93% 3--- 1074 ————|——77 pm.'48 50 pm./48 50pm. 
16} 93g +— 17 pm.'48 50 pm./48 50 pm. 
17! 933 4———— '1063 —— ——|——|82 pm.'51 53 pm./5153 pm. 
18\— 93% 4+—— a a 80 pm./51 48 pm./51 48 pm. 
19;— !94 33 et 51 43 pm./5148 pm. 
20|—— | 194 33, —'—_——__ 1 065 —— —_| ——_ 50 51 pm./49 51 pm. 
22) ‘94 4 ——_—_—— 106 — —_——'—_|81_ pm.|50 49 pm.|51 49 pm. 
23\————94 3g ———_—— 1063 —— |—|s0 pm./51 49 pm.|5048 pm. 
24! ——— 94 4 —— —— 1064, 945 81 pm.'49 51 pm.|49 52 pm. 
25)Hol. | ——— —| ee 
von SE 944 P FO [LOG }}—— 94 | 78 pm.'51 53 pm.|51 54pm. 
97|——'—__—|94§ 5 | wane ae 1074 ——'——|78 pm.'52 54 pm.ls254 pm. 


RICHARDSON, GOODLUCK, and Co. 104, Corner of Bank-buildings, Cornhill. 


JOHN NICHOLS AND SON, 25, PARLIAMENT STREET, 








